SOURCE HEADER | URL: https://archive.org/download/travelsworksofca01smituoft/travelsworksofca01smituoft_djvu.txt | Edition: Travels and Works of Captain John Smith, ed. Arber/Bradley 1910, vol. 2 (Generall Historie bks 3-6, 1624; note: archive.org labels this scan 'vol 1' but it is the second volume, pp. 385-984) | Fetched: 2026-09-14 (UTC) by worker B | Raw OCR/plain text, unedited
----

Travels   and  Works 

of 

Captain    John    Smith 


Travels  and  Works 

of 

Captain  John  Smith 

President  of   Virginia,  and 
Admiral   of    New    England 

i  5  8  o-  i  6  3  i 

Edited  by 

EDWARD    ARBER,    F.S.A. 

A  Ne<w  Edition,  with  a   Biographical  and  Critical  Introduction,  by 

A.    G.    BRADLEY 


PART    II. 


EDINBURGH:    JOHN    GRANT         \o/ 

31     GEORGE     IV.     BRIDGE  C\    / % 


1910 


3«3 

The  Generall  Historic  of  Virginia,  New  England,  &>  the  Summer  Isles. 

The   Third   Book. 

1624. 


A  reprint,  with  variations,  of  the  Second 
Part  of  The  Map  of  Virginia, 
1612. 


3«4 


[In  addition  to  the  sayings  and  doings  of  the  six  Gentlemen  and 
one  Soldier  specified  on^.  86  ;  there  are  to  be  found  in  this  revised 
text,  the  testimonies  of  the  following  eight  Gentlemen  : 


Gentlemen. 

Original  Planters,  1607. 

President  John  Smith,  pp.  93,  389,  403,  442. 
The  Hon.  George  Percy,  pp.  93,  389,  488. 
Robert  Fenton,  pp.  389,  403. 
Edward  Harrington,  pp.  390,  403. 
William  Tankard,/^.  94,  390,  480. 

First  Supply,  1608. 

Jeffrey  Abbot,  pp.  108,  465,  508. 
Anthony  Bagnall,  Surgeon,^.  421,  433. 
Thomas  Mumford,  pp.  109,  420. 

The  contributions  of  these  eight  Gentlemen  are  fully  sufficient  to 
account  for  the  additional  facts  to  be  found  in  Lib.  3.] 


The  Third   Booke. 

THE    PROCEEDINGS 

AND     ACCIDENTS     OF 

The    English    Colony    in    Virginia, 
Extracted  from  the  Authors  fol- 
lowing, by  William  Simons, 
Doctour  of  Divinitie. 


CHAPTER     I. 

T  might  well  be  thought,  a  Countrie  so      [1606] 
faire  (as  Virginia  is)  and  a  people  so  shTAomas 
tractable,   would    long    ere   this   haue  TreLurer. 
beene  quietly  possessed,  to  the  satis-   ^  8g] 
faction  of    the    adventurers,    and    the 
eternizing  of  the  memory  of  those  that 
effected  it.     But  because  all  the  world 
'Sr^^o'^/il^W    doe  see  a  defailement  [in  1612]  ;   this 
following  Treatise  shall  giue  satisfaction  to  all  indifferent 
Readers,  how  the  businesse  hath  bin  carried  :  where  no 
doubt   they  will   easily   vnderstand  and  answer  to  their 
question,  how  it  came  to  passe  there  was  no  better  speed 
and  successe  in  those  proceedings. 

Captaine  Bartholomew  Gosnoll,  one  of  the  first  movers  The  first 
of  this  plantation,  having  many  yeares  solicited  many  of  Sn\0 
his  friends,  but  found  small  assistants  ;  at  last  prevailed 
with  some  Gentlemen,  as  Captaine   Iohn   Smith,  Master 
Edward-maria  Wingfield,  Master  Robert  Hunt,  and  divers 
others,   who    depended   a   yeare    vpon    his   proiects,   but  [A0O.1 

25 


386   The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,  Lib.  3.  [TSt' 


R.  Fenton,  J.  Smith. 


Orden  for 
government 


[1606-7]  nothing  could  be  effected,  till  by  their  great  charge  and 
industrie,  it  came  to  be  apprehended  by  certaine  of  the 
Nobilitie,  Gentry,  and  Marchants,  so  that  his  Maiestie  by 
his  letters  patents  [10  April  1606],  gaue  commission  for 
establishing  Councels,  to  direct  here ;  and  to  governe,  and 
to  execute  there.  To  effect  this,  was  spent  another  yeare, 
and  by  that,  three  ships  were  provided,  one  of  100  Tuns, 
another  of  40.  and  a  Pinnace  of  20.  The  transportation 
of  the  company  was  committed  to  Captaine  Christopher 
Newport,  a  Marriner  well  practised  for  the  Westerne  parts 
of  America.  But  their  orders  for  government  were  put  in 
a  box,  not  to  be  opened,  nor  the  governours  knowne  vntill 
they  arrived  in  Virginia. 

On  the  19  of  December,  1606.  we  set  sayle  from  Black- 
wall,  but  by  vnprosperous  winds,  were  kept  six  weekes  in 
i/*-9°,Q3,  the  sight  of  England]  all  which  time,  Master  Hunt  our 
JoV^o;.3)89'  Preacher,  was  so  weake  and  sicke,  that  few  expected  his 
recovery.  Yet  although  he  were  but  twentie  myles  from 
his  habitation  (the  time  we  were  in  the  Downes)  and 
notwithstanding  the  stormy  weather,  nor  the  scandalous 
imputations  (of  some  few,  little  better  then  Atheists,  of  the 
greatest  ranke  amongst  vs)  suggested  against  him,  all  this 
could  never  force  from  him  so  much  as  a  seeming  desire 
to  leaue  the  busines,  but  preferred  the  service  of  God,  in 
so  good  a  voyage,  before  any  affection  to  contest  with  his 
godlesse  foes,  whose  disasterous  designes  (could  they  haue 
prevailed)  [42]  had  even  then  overthrowne  the  businesse, 
so  many  discontents  did  then  arise,  had  he  not  with  the 
water  of  patience,  and  his  godly  exhortations  (but  chiefly 
by  his  true  devoted  examples)  quenched  those  flames  of 
envie,  and  dissention. 

We  watered  at  the  Canaries,  we  traded  with  the  Salvages 
at  Dominica ;  three  weekes  we  spent  in  refreshing  our 
selues  amongst  these  west- India  Isles  ;  in  Gwardalupa  we 
found  a  bath  so  hot,  as  in  it  we  boyled  Porck  as  well  as 
iJ^SJre.  over  the  fire.  And  at  a  little  Isle  called  Monica,  we  tooke 
f uiirfeBildi  ^rom  ^e  Dus^es  ^h  our  nands,  neare  two  hogsheads  full 
of  Birds  in  three  or  foure  houres.  In  Mevis,  Mona,  and 
the  Virgin  Isles,  we  spent  some  time;  where,  with  a  loth- 
some  beast  like  a  Crocodil,  called  a  Gwayn  [Iguana], 
Tortoises,  Pellicans,  Parrots,  and  fishes,  we  daily  feasted. 


Ed.byW.Sunmond,.'J     ]^lB^       with  the  first  SUpply  inVu%\v\*.      387 


Gone  from  thence  in  search  of  Virginia,  the  company  was 
not  a  little  discomforted,  seeing  the  Marriners  had  3  dayes 
passed  their  reckoning  and  found  no  land  ;  so  that  Captaine 
Rat[c\liffe  (Captaine  of  the  Pinnace)  rather  desired  to  beare 
vp  the  helme  to  returne  for  England,  then  make  further 
search.  But  God  the  guider  of  all  good  actions,  forcing 
them  by  an  extreame  storme  to  hull  all  night,  did  driue  them 
by  his  providence  to  their  desired  Port,  beyond  all  their 
expectations ;  for  never  any  of  them  had  seene  that  coast. 

The  first  land  they  made  they  called  Cape  Henry ;  where 
thirtie  of  them  recreating  themselues  on  shore,  were 
assaulted  by  hue  Salvages,  who  hurt  two  of  the  English 
very  dangerously. 

That  night  was  the  box  opened,  and  the  orders  read,  in 
which  Bartholomew  Gosnoll,  Iohn  Smith,  Edward  Wingfield, 
Christopher  Newport,  Iohn  Rat[c]liffe,Iohn  Martin,  and  George 
Kendall,  were  named  to  be  the  Councell,  and  to  choose  a 
President  amongst  them  for  a  yeare,  who  with  the  Councell 
should  governe.  Matters  of  moment  were  to  be  examined 
by  a  Iury,  but  determined  by  the  maior  part  of  the 
Councell,  in  which  the  President  had  two  voyces. 

Vntill  the  13  of  May  [1607]  they  sought  a  place  to 
plant  in  ;  then  the  Councell  was  sworne,  Master  Wingfield 
was  chosen  President,  and  an  Oration  made,  why  Captaine 
Smith  was  not  admitted  of  the  Councell  as  the  rest. 

Now  falleth  every  man  to  worke,  the  Councell  contriue 
the  Fort,  the  rest  cut  downe  trees  to  make  place  to  pitch 
their  Tents ;  some  provide  clapbord  to  relade  the  ships, 
some  make  gardens,  some  nets,  &c.  The  Salvages  often 
visited  vs  kindly.  The  Presidents  overweening  iealousie 
would  admit  no  exercise  at  armes,  or  fortification  but  the 
boughs  of  trees  cast  together  in  the  forme  of  a  halfe  mooneby 
the  extraordinary  paines  and  diligence  of  Captaine  Kendall. 

Newport,  Smith,  and  twentie  others,  were  sent  to 
discover  the  head  of  the  river  :  by  divers  small  habitations 
they  passed,  in  six  dayes  they  arrived  at  a  Towne  called 
Powhatan,  consisting  of  some  twelue  houses,  pleasantly 
seated  on  a  hill ;  before  it  three  fertile  lies,  about  it  many 
of  their  cornefields,  the  place  is  very  pleasant,  and  strong 
by  nature,  of  this  place  the  Prince  is  called  Powhatan,  and 
his  people  Powhatans.   To  this  place  the  river  is  navigable : 


[1607] 


[/.  9*-] 


Their  first 
landing. 

[//■  5>  91. 
896.] 


Matters  of 

govern- 
ment. 


[/•  6.] 

The  dis- 
covery of 
the  FalUs 
and 

Powhatan. 
[/.  9»-l 


388   The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,   Lib.  3.  p*tM£j!SH: 

[1607]      but  higher  within  a  myle,  by  reason  of  the  Rockes  and 

Isles,  there  is  not  passage  for  a  small  Boat,  this  they  call 

the  Falles.    The  people  in  all  parts  kindly  intreated  them, 

till  being  returned  within  twentie  myles  of  lames  towne, 

they  gaue  iust  cause  of  iealousie  :  but  had  God  not  blessed 

the  discoverers  otherwise  then  those  at  the  Fort,  there  had 

then  beene  an  end  of  that  plantation  ;  for  at  the   Fort, 

where  they  arrived  the  next  day,  they  found  17  men  hurt, 

The  Fon      and  a  boy  slaine  by  the  Salvages,  and  had  it  not  chanced 

h^hilcd      a  crosse  barre  shot  from  the  Ships  strooke  downe  a  bough 

salvage.     from  a  tree  amongSt  them,  that  caused  them  to  retire,  our 

[A' 7l         men  had  all  beene  slaine,  being  securely  all  at  worke,  and 

their  armes  in  dry  fats. 
!/•  8.]  Herevpon  the  President  was  contented  the  Fort  should 

be  pallisadoed,  the  Ordnance  mounted,  his  men  armed  and 
exercised :  for  many  were  the  assaults,  and  ambuscadoes 
of  the  Salvages,  and  our  men  by  their  disorderly  stragling 
were  often  hurt,  when  the  Salvages  by  the  nimblenesse  of 
their  heeles  well  escaped. 

What  toyle  we  had,  with  so  small  a  power  to  guard 
our  workemen  adayes,  watch  all  night,  resist  our  enemies, 
and  effect  our  businesse,  to  relade  the  ships,  cut  downe 
trees,  and  prepare  the  ground  to  plant  our  Corne,  &c,  I 
referre  to  the  Readers  consideration. 

Six  weekes  being  spent  in  this  manner,  Captaine 
Newport  (who  was  hired  onely  for  [43]  our  transportation) 
was  to  returne  with  the  ships. 

Now  Captaine  Smith,  who  all  this  time  from  their 
departure  from  the  Canaries  was  restrained  as  a  prisoner 
vpon  the  scandalous  suggestions  of  some  of  the  chiefe 
(envying  his  repute)  who  fained  he  intended  to  vsurpe 
the  government,  murther  the  Councell,  and  make  himselfe 
King,  that  his  confederats  were  dispersed  in  all  the  three 
ships,  and  that  divers  of  his  confederats  that  revealed  it, 
would  affirme  it ;  for  this  he  was  committed  as  a  prisoner. 
Thirteene  weekes  [24  Afar. — 10  June  1607,  [pp.  lvii,liv]  he 
remained  thus  suspected,  and  by  that  time  the  ships  should 
[/•  93-1  returne  they  pretended  out  of  their  commisserations,  to 
referre  him  to  the  Councell  in  England  to  receiue  a  check, 
rather  then  by  particulating  his  designes  [to]  make  him  so 
odious  to  the  world,  as  to  touch  his  life,  or  vtterly  overthrow 


Ed.  by  W.  Simmonds."!    T  Tr,      ~ 
1612-1624. J    L'lb-    3* 


with  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.    389 


his  reputation.  But  he  so  much  scorned  their  charitie,  and  [1607] 
publikely  defied  the  vttermost  of  their  crueltie  ;  he  wisely 
prevented  their  policies,  though  he  could  not  suppresse 
their  envies;  yet  so  well  he  demeaned  himselfe  in  this 
businesse,  as  all  the  company  did  see  his  innocency,  and 
his  adversaries  malice,  and  those  suborned  to  accuse  him, 
accused  his  accusers  of  subornation ;  many  vntruthes  were 
alledged  against  him  ;  but  being  so  apparently  disproved, 
begat  a  generall  hatred  in  the  hearts  of  the  company  against 
such  vniust  Commanders,  that  the  President  [Wingfield] 
was  adiudged  to  giue  him  200/. ;  so  that  all  he  had  was 
seized  vpon,  in  part  of  satisfaction,  which  Smith  presently 
returned  to  the  Store  for  the  generall  vse  of  the  Colony, 

Many  were  the  mischiefes  that  daily  sprung  from  their 
ignorant  (yet  ambitious)  spirits ;  but  the  good  Doctrine 
and  exhortation  of  our  Preacher  Master  Hunt  reconciled 
them,  and  caused  Captaine  Smith  to  be  admitted  of  the 
Councel  [20  June,  or  rather  on  10  June,  see  pAiv] 

The  next  day  all  receiued    the    Communion,  the   day 
following  [June  22]  the  Salvages  voluntarily  desired  peace, 
and  Captaine  Newport  returned  for  England  with  newes  ;   N^ports 
leaving  in  Virginia  100.  the  15  [or  rather  22.  ;   pp.    lv,  lxx]   £^wr 
of  Iune  1607.         By  this  obserue  ; 

Good  men  did  neW  their  Countries  mine  bring. 
But  when  evill  men  shall  iniuries  beginne ; 
Not  caring  to  corrupt  and  violate 
The  iudgements-seats  for  their  owne  Lucres  sake  : 
Then  looke  that  Country  cannot  long  haue  peace, 
Though  for  the  present  it  haue  rest  and  ease. 


[/A  90. 93, 

99.  *°3.  386f 

402,  407.] 


The  names  of  them  that  were   the 
Planters,  were  these  following. 


first 


Master  Edward  Maria 

Wingfield. 
Captaine    Bartholomew 

Gosnoll. 
Captaine  John  Smith. 
Captaine  Iohn  Rat[c\lijfe. 
Captaine  Iohn  Martin. 
Captaine  George  Kendall.  d 


o 

o 
U 


Master  Robert  Hunt 

Preacher. 
Master  George  Percie. 
Anthony  Gosnoll. 
George  Flower. 
Cap.  Gabriell  A  rcher. 
Robert  Fenton. 
Robert  Ford. 


1607. 

Sir  Thomas 

Smith 

Treasurer. 


39°   The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,  Lib.  3.  [T-  Stu£te& 


enton,  J.  Smith. 


[1607]      William  Bruster. 

Edward  Harrington. 

Dru  Pickhouse. 

Thomas  Iacob. 

Iohn  Brookes. 

Ellis  Kingston. 

Thomas  Sands. 

Beniamin  Beast. 

Iehu  Robinson. 

Thomas  Mouton. 

Eustace  Clovill. 

Stephen  Halthrop. 

Kellam  Throgmorton. 

Edward  Morish. 

Nathaniell  Powell. 

Edward  Browne. 

Robert  Behethland. 

Iohn  Peningtcn. 

Ieremy  A  licock. 

George  Walker. 

Thomas  Studley.  rGent. 

Richard  Crofts. 

Nicholas  Houlgrauc. 

Thomas  Wcbbe.  t44j 

Iohn  Waller. 

Iohn  Short. 

William  Tankard. 

William  Smcthes. 

Francis  Snarsbvough. 

Richard  Simons. 
[/•  1* )       Edward  Brookes. 

Richard  Dixon. 

Iohn  Martin. 
■cr  Cooke. 

Anthony  Gosnold. 

Tho:  Wotton,Chirurg. 

Iohn  Stevenson. 

Thomas  Gore. 

Henry  Ad  ling. 

Francis  Midwinter. 

Richard  Frith. 


(Compare 
this  List 
with  tho 
161a  one  at 
//•  93.  94-1 


C      . 
w    to 


o 


William  Laxon. 
Edward  Pising. 
Thomas  Emry. 
Robert  Small. 


Iohn  Lay  don. 
William  Cassen. 
George  Cassen. 
Thomas  Cassen. 
William  Rodcs. 
William  White. 
Old  Edward. 
Henry  Tavin. 
George  Goulding. 
Iohn  Dods. 
William  Ioiinsan. 
William  Vnger. 


lam:  Read,  Blacksmith 
Ionas  Profit,  Sailer. 
Tho:  Cowper,  Barber. 
Will:  Garret,  Bricklayer. 
Edward  Br  into,  Mason. 
William  Lone,  Taylor. 
Nic:  Scot,  Drum. 
Wil:  Wilkinson,  Chirurg. 

Samuell  Collier,  boy. 
Nat.  Pecock,  boy. 
lames  Brnmfield,  boy. 
Richard  Mutton,  boy. 


With  divers  others  to  the 
number  of  100. 


Ed.  by  W.  Simmonds.l 
1612-1624.J 


Lib.  3.    with  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.   391 


CHAPTER     II. 

What  happened  till  the  first  supply. 


The  occa- 
sion of 
sickncsse. 


Eing  thus  left  to  our  fortunes,  it  fortuned  [1607] 
that  within  ten  dayes  scarce  ten  amongst  vs 
could  either  goe,  or  well  stand,  such  extreame 
weaknes  and  sicknes  oppressed  vs.  And 
thereat  none  need  marvaile,  if  they  consider  the  cause 
and  reason,  which  was  this. 

Whilest  the  ships  stayed,  our  allowance  was  somewhat 
bettered,  by  a  daily  proportion  of  Bisket,  which  the  sailers  \p. 95] 
would  pilfer  to  sell,  giue,  or  exchange  with  vs,  for  money,  JbusS"1*" 
Saxefras,  furres,  or  loue.  But  when  they  departed,  there 
remained  neither  taverne,  beere  house,  nor  place  of  reliefe, 
but  the  common  Kettell.  Had  we  beene  as  free  from  all 
sinnes  as  gluttony,  and  drunkennesse,  we  might  haue  beene 
canonized  for  Saints ;  But  our  President  [Wingfield]  would 
never  haue  beene  admitted,  for  ingrossing  to  his  private  [i.e., 
his  own  ws£_],Oatmeale,Sacke,Oyle,  Aquavitce,  Beefe,Egges, 
or  what  not,  but  the  Kettell ;  that  indeed  he  allowed  equally 
to  be  distributed,  and  that  was  halfe  a  pint  of  wheat,  and 
as  much  barley  boyled  with  water  for  a  man  a  day,  and  this 
having  fryed  some  26.  weekes  [Dec.  1606 — June  1607]  in  the 
ships  hold,  contained  as  many  wormes  as  graines  ;  so  that 
we  might  truely  call  it  rather  so  much  bran  then  corne,  our  [>•  957] 
drinke  was  water,  our  lodgings  Castles  in  the  ayre. 

With  this  lodging  and  dyet,  our  extreame  toile  in  bearing 
and  planting  Pallisadoes,  so  strained  and  bruised  vs,  and 
our  continuall  labour  in  the  extremitie  of  the  heat  had  so 
weakned  vs,  as  were  cause  sufficient  to  haue  made  vs  as 
miserable  in  our  natiue  Countrey,  or  any  other  place  in 
the  world. 

From  May,  to  September  [1607],  those  that  escaped, 
liued  vpon  Sturgeon,  and  Sea-crabs,  fiftie  in  this  time  we 
buried,  the  rest  seeing  the  Presidents  proiects  to  escape  ^?Jent 
these  miseries  in  our  Pinnace  by  flight  (who  all  this  time 
had  neither  felt  want  nor  sicknes)  so  moved  our  dead 
spirits,  as  we  deposed  him  [10  Sept.  1607]  ;  and  established 
Ratcliffe  in  his  place,  (Gosnoll  being  dead  [22  Aug.  1607])  tA«. 


392   The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,  Lib.  3.  F*8^,££ts£K 

[1607]  Kendall  deposed  [?  S^/tf.  1607].  Smith  newly  recovered, 
Martin  and  Ratcliffe  was  by  his  care  preserved  and  relieued, 
and  the  most  of  the  souldiers  recovered  with  the  skilfull 
diligence  of  Master  Thomas  Wotton  our  Chirurgian  generall. 
But  now  was  all  our  provision  spent,  the  Sturgeon 
gone,  all  helps  abandoned,  each  houre  expecting  the  fury 
of   the   Salvages ;    when    God    the    patron   of   all    good 

pientie        indevours,  in  that  desperate  extremitie   so   changed  the 

vn«p«:ted.  hearts  of  the  Salvages,  that  they  brought  such  plenty  of 
their  fruits,  and  provision,  as  no  man  wanted. 

And  now  where  some  affirmed  it  was  ill  done  of  the 
Councell  to  send  forth  men  so  badly  provided,  this  incon- 
tradictable  reason  will  shew  them  plainely  they  are  too  ill 

[/•  96]  advised  to  nourish  such  ill  conceits  ;  first,  the  fault  of  our 
going  was  our  owne,  [45]  what  could  be  thought  fitting 
or  necessary  we  had;  but  what  we  should  find,  or  want,  or 
where  we  should  be,  we  were  all  ignorant,  and  supposing 
to  make  our  passage  in  two  moneths,  with  victuall  to  Hue, 
and  the  advantage  of  the  spring  to  worke  ;  we  were  at  Sea 
fiue  moneths,  where  we  both  spent  our  victuall  and  lost 
the  opportunitie  of  the  time  and  season  to  plant,  by  the 
vnskilfull  presumption  of  our  ignorant  transporters,  that 
vnderstood  not  at  all,  what  they  vndertooke. 

Such  actions  haue  ever  since  the  worlds  beginning  beene 
subiect  to  such  accidents,  and  every  thing  of  worth  is 
found  full  of  difficulties :  but  nothing  so  difficult  as  to 
establish  a  Common  wealth  so  farre  remote  from  men  and 
meanes,  and  where  mens  mindes  are  so  vntoward  as  neither 
doe  well  themselues,  nor  suffer  others.     But  to  proceed. 

(/•  9.]  The  new  President  [Ratcliffe],  and  Martin,  being  little 

beloved,  of  weake  iudgement  in  dangers,  and  lesse  industrie 
in  peace,  committed  the  managing  of  all  things  abroad  to 
Captaine  Smith :  who  by  his  owne  example,  good  words, 
and  faire  promises,   set   some  to   mow,   others   to  binde 

ofhwlding  thatch,    some   to   build   houses,    others   to   thatch  them, 

tmh*.  himselfe  alwayes  bearing  the  greatest  taske  for  his  owne 
share,  so  that  in  short  time,  he  provided  most  of  them 
lodgings,  neglecting  any  for  himselfe. 

This  done,  seeing  the  Salvages  superfluitie  beginne  to 
decrease  [he]  (with  some  of  his  workemen)  shipped  him- 
selfe [9  Nov.  1607]  in  the  Shallop  to  search  the  Country  for 


Ed.  by  w.shnmonds.-j   LlB   ^    with  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.  393 

trade.     The  want  of  the  language,  knowledge  to  mannage      [1607] 
his   boat  without  sailes,  the  want  of  a  sufficient  power 
(knowing  the  multitude  of  the  Salvages),  apparell  for  his 
men,  and  other  necessaries,  were  infinite  impediments ; 
yet  no  discouragement. 

Being  but  six  or  seauen  in   company  he   went  downe  1/.9J 
the  river  to  Kecoughtan :  where  at  first  they  scorned  him, 
as    a   famished  man  ;  and  would  in  derison  offer  him  a 
handfull   of  Corne,    a  peece   of  bread,   for  their   swords 
and  muskets,  and   such    like   proportions   also   for  their  The 
apparell.     But   seeing  by  trade  and  courtesie  there  was  ofTradeg 
nothing  to  be  had,  he  made  bold  to  try  such  conclusions  abroad' 
as    necessitie    inforced,   though    contrary    to   his   Com- 
mission :  [he]  Let  fly  his  muskets,  ran  his  boat  on  shore  ; 
whereat  they  all  fled  into  the  woods. 

So  marching  towards  their  houses,  they  might  see  great 
heapes  of  corne  :  much  adoe  he  had  to  restraine  his  hungry 
souldiers  from  [the]  present  taking  of  it,  expecting  as  it 
hapned  that  the  Salvages  would  assault  them,  as  not  long 
after  they  did  with  a  most  hydeous  noyse.  Sixtie  or 
seaventie  of  them,  some  blacke,  some  red,  some  white,  some 
party-coloured,  came  in  a  square  order,  singing  and  dauncing 
out  of  the  woods,  with  their  Okee  (which  was  an  Idoll  made 
of  skinnes,  stuffed  with  mosse,  all  painted  and  hung  with 
chaines  and  copper)  borne  before  them :  and  in  this 
manner,  being  well  armed  with  Clubs,  Targets,  Bowes 
and  Arrowes,  they  charged  the  English,  that  so  kindly 
receiued  them  with  their  muskets  loaden  with  Pistoll  shot, 
that  downe  fell  their  God,  and  divers  lay  sprauling  on  the 
ground ;  the  rest  fled  againe  to  the  woods,  and  ere  long 
sent  one  of  their  Quiyoughkasoucks  to  offer  peace,  and 
redeeme  their  Okee. 

Smithtold  them,  if  onely six  of  them  would  come  vnarmed 
and  loade  his  boat,  he  would  not  only  be  their  friend,  but 
restore  them  their  Okee,  and  giue  them  Beads,  Copper, 
and  Hatchets  besides  :  which  on  both  sides  was  to  their 
contents  performed  :  and  then  they  brought  him  Venison, 
Turkies,  wild  foule,  bread,  and  what  they  had  ;  singing 
and  dauncing  in  signe  of  friendship  till  they  departed. 

In  his  returne  he  discovered  the  Towne  and  Country  [/.  10.J 
of  Warraskoyack. 


394   The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,  Lib.  3.  [T'Stu£.eft 


enton,  J.  Smith. 


[1607] 


[/•  97-1 


Amtru,  a 
Salvage  his 
best  friend 
slaine  for 
loving  vs. 

The 

Discovery 
of  Chicka- 
hamint. 


I/.xo.] 

Another 
proiect  to 
abandon  the 


Thus  God  vnboundlessc  by  his  power, 
Made  them  thus  kind,  would  vs  deuour. 

Smith  perceiving  (notwithstanding  their  late  miserie) 
not  any  regarded  but  from  hand  to  mouth  :  (the  company 
being  well  recovered)  caused  the  Pinnace  to  be  provided 
with  things  fitting  to  get  provision  for  the  yeare  following  ; 
but  in  the  interim  he  made  3.  or  4.  iournies  and  discovered 
the  people  of  Chickahamania  :  yet  what  he  carefully  pro- 
vided the  rest  carelesly  spent. 

Wingfield  and  Kendall  liuing  in  disgrace,  seeing  all  things 
at  randome  in  the  absence  of  Smith,  the  companies  dislike 
of  their  [46]  Presidents  weaknes,  and  their  small  loue  to 
Martins  never  mending  sicknes,  strengthened  themselues 
with  the  sailers  and  other  confederates,  to  regaine  their 
former  credit  and  authority,  or  at  least  such  meanes  abord 
the  Pinnace,  (being  fitted  to  saile  as  Smith  had  appointed 
for  trade)  to  alter  her  course  and  to  goe  for  England. 

Smith  vnexpectedly  returning  had  the  plot  discovered  to 
him,  much  trouble  he  had  to  prevent  it,  till  with  store  of 
sakre  and  musket  shot  he  forced  them  stay  or  sinke  in  the 
riuer :  which  action  cost  the  life  of  captaine  Kendall  [after 
trial,  see  pp.  13,97]. 

These  brawles  are  so  disgustfull,  as  some  will  say  they 
were  better  forgotten,  yet  all  men  of  good  iudgement  will 
conclude,  it  were  better  their  basenes  should  be  manifest 
to  the  world,  then  the  busines  beare  the  scorne  and  shame 
of  their  excused  disorders. 

The  President  [Ratcliffe]  and  captaine  Archer  not  long 
after  intended  also  to  haue  abandoned  the  country,  which 
proiect  also  was  curbed,  and  suppressed  by  Smith. 

The  Spaniard  never  more  greedily  desired  gold  then  he 
[Smith]  victual  1 ;  nor  his  souldiersmore  to  abandon  the  Coun- 
try, then  hetokeepe  it.  But  finding  [he  found]  plentieofCorne 
in  the  riuer  of  Chickahamania,  where  hundreds  of  Salvages 
in  diuers  places  stood  with  baskets  expecting  his  comming. 

And  now  the  winter  approaching,  the  rivers  became  so 
covered  with  swans,  geese,  duckes,  and  cranes,  that  we 
daily  feasted  with  good  bread,  Virginia  pease,  pumpions, 
and  putchamins,  fish,  fowle,  and  diverse  sorts  of  wild 
beasts  as  fat  as  we  could  eate  them  :  so  that  none  of  our 
Tuftaffaty  humorists  desired  to  goe  for  England. 


Ed.byw.stomondj.-j  lib   ^     w^/t  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.    395 

But  our  Comcedies  never  endured  long  without  a  Tragedie  ;  [1607] 
some  idle  exceptions  being  muttered  against  Captaine  Smith,  IP-  98.] 
for  not  discovering  the  head  of  Chickahamania  river,  and 
[being]  taxed  by  the  Councell,  to  be  too  slow  in  so  worthy 
an  attempt.  The  next  voyage  hee  proceeded  so  farre  that 
with  much  labour  by  cutting  of  trees  insunder  he  made  his 
passage ;  but  when  his  Barge  could  passe  no  farther,  he 
left  her  in  a  broad  bay  out  of  danger  of  shot,  commanding 
none  should  goe  a  shore  till  his  returne  :  himselfe  with  two 
English  and  two  Salvages  went  vp  higher  in  a  Canowe;  but 
hee  was  not  long  absent,  but  his  men  went  a  shore,  whose 
want  of  government  gaue  both  occasion  and  opportunity  to 
the  Salvages  to  surprise  one  George  Cassen,  whom  they  slew, 
and  much  failed  not  to  hauecut  of[f]  the  boat  and  all  the  rest. 

Smith  little  dreaming  of  that  accident,  being  got  to  the 
marshes  at  the  rivers  head,  twentie  myles  in  the  desert, 
had  his  *two  men  slaine  (as  is  supposed)  sleeping  by  the  */**« 
Canowe,  whilst  himselfe  by  fowling  sought  them  victuall :  ^°&mon 
who  finding  he  was  beset  with  200.  Salvages,  two  of  them  ^mas 
hee  slew,  still  defending  himselfe  with  the  ayd  of  a  Salvage  siaine. 
his  guid,  whom  he  bound  to  his  arme  with  his  garters, 
and  vsed  him  as  a  buckler,  yet  he  was  shot  in  his  thigh  a 
little,  and  had  many  arrowes  that  stucke  in  his  cloathes 
but  no  great  hurt,  till  at  last  they  tooke  him  prisoner. 

When  this  newes  came  to  lames  towne,  much  was  their 
sorrow  for  his  losse,  fewe  expecting  what  ensued. 

Sixe  or  seuen  weekes  [rather  about  the  three  weeks  16  Dec. 
1607 — 8  Jan.  1608]  those  Barbarians  kept  him  prisoner, 
many  strange  triumphes  and  coniurations  they  made  of 
him,  yet  hee  so  demeaned  himselfe  amongst  them,  as  he 
not  onely  diverted  them  from  surprising  the  Fort,  but  pro- 
cured his  owne  libertie,  and  got  himselfe  and  his  company 
such  estimation  amongst  them,  that  those  Salvages  admired 
him  more  then  their  owne  Quiyouckosucks. 

The  manner  how  they  vsed  and  deliuered  him,  is  as 
followeth. 

The  Salvages  hauing  drawne  from  George  Cassen  whether  Captaine 
Captaine    Smith  was    gone,  prosecuting    that  oportunity  taken 
they  followed  him  with.  300.  bowmen,  conducted  by  the  Prisonar 
King  of  Pamavnkee,  who  in  diuisions  searching  the  turn- 


396   The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,  Lib.  3.  P'^^^tsSE 


395.  401.  J 


[1607]  ings  of  the  riuer,  found  Robinson  and  Entry  by  the  fire 
[//•  is,  i6,  side  :  those  they  shot  full  of  arrowes  and  slew.  Then  find- 
ing the  Captaine,  as  is  said,  that  vsed  the  Salvage  that 
was  his  guide  as  his  shield  (three  of  them  being  slaine  and 
diuers  other  so  gauld)  all  the  rest  would  not  come  neere 
him.  Thinking  thus  to  haue  returned  to  his  boat,  regard- 
ing them,  as  he  marched,  more  then  his  way,  [he]  slipped  vp 
to  the  middle  in  an  oasie  creeke  and  his  Salvage  with  him  ; 
yet  durst  they  not  come  to  him  till  being  neere  dead  with 
cold,  he  threw  away  his  armes.  Then  according  to  their 
composition  they  drew  him  forth  and  led  him  to  the  fire, 
where  his  men  were  slaine.  Diligently  they  chafed  his 
benummed  [47]  limbs. 

He  demanding  for  their  Captaine,  they  shewed  him 
[/.*».}  Opechankanough,  King  of  Pamavnkee,  to  whom  he  gaue 
a  round  Ivory  double  compass  Dyall.  Much  they 
marvailed  at  the  playing  of  the  Fly  and  Needle,  which 
they  could  see  so  plainely,  and  yet  not  touch  it,  because 
of  the  glasse  that  covered  them.  But  when  he  demon- 
strated by  that  Globe-like  Iewell,  the  roundnesse  of 
the  earth,  and  skies,  the  spheare  of  the  Sunne,  Moone, 
and  Starres,  and  how  the  Sunne  did  chase  the  night  round 
about  the  world  continually  ;  the  greatnesse  of  the  Land 
and  Sea,  the  diversitie  of  Nations,  varietie  of  complexions, 
and  how  we  were  to  them  Antipodes,  and  many  other  such 
like  matters,  they  all  stood  as  amazed  with  admiration. 
Notwithstanding,  within  an  houre  after  they  tyed  him  to 
a  tree,  and  as  many  as  could  stand  about  him  prepared  to 
shoot  him  :  but  the  King  holding  vp  the  Compass  in  his 
hand,  they  all  laid  downe  their  Bowes  and  Arrowes,  and 
in  a  triumphant  manner  led  him  to  Orapaks,  where  he  was 
after  their  manner  kindly  feasted,  and  well  vsed. 

Their  order  in  conducting  him  was  thus;  Drawing  them- 


The  order 


they  selues  all  in  fyle,  the  King  in  the  middest  had  all  their  Peeces 

0  Sir        and  Swords  borne  before  him.     Captaine  Smith  was  led 


trivmph. 


after  him  by  three  great  Salvages,  holding  him  fast  by 
each  arme  :  and  on  each  side  six  went  in  fyle  with  their 
Arrowes  nocked.  But  arriving  at  the  Towne  [Orapaks] 
(which  was  but  onely  thirtie  or  fortie  hunting  houses  made 
of  Mats,  which  they  remoue  as  they  please,  as  we  our 
tents)  all  the  women  and  children  staring  to  behold  him, 


Ed  byw.sbnmonds.-j  lib>  ^     w^  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.     397 

the  souldiers  first  all  in  fyle  performed  the  forme  of  a  [1607] 
Bissone  so  well  as  could  be;  and  on  each  flanke,  officers 
as  Serieants  to  see  them  keepe  their  orders.  A  good  time 
they  continued  this  exercise,  and  then  cast  themselues  in 
a  ring,  dauncing  in  such  severall  Postures,  and  singing 
and  yelling  out  such  hellish  notes  and  screeches  ;  being 
strangely  painted,  every  one  his  quiver  of  Arrowes,  and  at 
his  backe  a  club  ;  on  his  arme  a  Fox  or  an  Otters  skinne, 
or  some  such  matter  for  his  vambrace ;  their  heads  and 
shoulders  painted  red,  with  Oyle  and  Pocones  mingled 
together,  which  Scarlet-like  colour  made  an  exceeding 
handsome  shew  ;  his  Bow  in  his  hand,  and  the  skinne  of  a 
Bird  with  her  wings  abroad  dryed,  tyed  on  his  head,  a  peece 
of  copper,  a  white  shell,  a  long  feather,  with  a  small  rattle 
growing  at  the  tayies  of  their  snak[e]s  tyed  to  it,  or  some 
such  like  toy.  All  this  while  Smith  and  the  King  stood  in 
the  middest  guarded,  as  before  is  said  :  and  after  three 
dances  they  all  departed.  Smith  they  conducted  to  a  long 
house,  where  thirtie  or  fortie  tall  fellowes  did  guard  him ; 
and  ere  long  more  bread  and  venison  was  brought  him 
then  would  haue  served  twentie  men.  Ithinke  his  stomacke 
at  that  time  was  not  very  good ;  what  he  left  they  put  in 
baskets  and  tyed  over  his  head.  About  midnight  they  set  the 
meate  againe  before  him,  all  this  time  not  one  of  them  would 
eate  a  bit  with  him,  till  the  next  morning  they  brought  him 
as  much  more ;  and  then  did  they  eate  all  the  old,  and 
reserved  the  new  as  they  had  done  the  other,  which  made 
him  thinke  they  would  fat  him  to  eat  him.  Yet  in  this 
desperate  estate  to  defend  him  from  the  cold,  one  Maocassater 
brought  him  his  gowne,  in  requitall  of  some  beads  and 
toyes  Smith  had  given  him  at  his  first  arrivall  in  Virginia. 

Two  dayes  after  a  man  would  haue  slaine  him  (but  that  [/.  17] 
the  guard  prevented  it)  for  the  death  of  his  sonne,  to  whom   How  he 
they  conducted  him  to  recover  the  poore  man  then  breath-  SSl^iSSe 
ing  his  last.     Smith  told  them  that  at  lames  towne  he  had  fjj^' 
a  water  would  doe  it,  if  they  would  let  him  fetch  it,  but 
they  would  not  permit  that :  but  made  all  the  preparations 
they  could  to  assault  lames  towne,  crauing  his  advice  ;  and 
for  recompence  he  should  haue  life,   libertie,  land,   and 
women.     In  part  of  a  Table  booke  he  writ  his  minde  to  tA  17.1 
them  at  the  Fort,  v/hat  was  intended,  how  they  should 


398   The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,   Lib.  3.  [*  ^g^STsSS. 


[1607] 


How  he 
saucd  James 
towne  from 
being 
surprised. 


[//.17,  18.J 


How  they 
did  Coniure 
him  at 
Pamaznktt. 


follow  that  direction  to  affright  the  messengers,  and  with- 
out fayle  send  him  such  things  as  he  writ  for.  And  an 
Inventory  with  them.  The  difncultie  and  danger,  he  told 
the  Salvages,  of  the  Mines,  great  gunnes,  and  other  Engins 
exceedingly  affrighted  them,  yet  according  to  his  requestthey 
went  to  lames  towne,  in  as  bitter  weather  as  could  be  of  frost 
and  snow,  and  within  three  dayes  returned  with  an  answer. 

But  when  they  came  to  Iame[s]  towne,  seeing  men  sally 
out  as  he  had  told  them  they  would,  they  fled  ;  yet  in  the 
night  they  came  againe  to  the  same  place  where  he  had 
[48j  told  them  they  should  receiue  an  answer,  and  such 
things  as  he  had  promised  them  :  which  they  found  accord- 
ingly, and  with  which  they  returned  with  no  small  expe- 
dition, to  the  wonder  of  them  all  that  heard  it,  that  he 
could  either  divine,  or  the  paper  could  speake. 

Then  they  led  him  to  the  Youthtanunds,  the  Mattapanients, 
the  Payankatanks,  the  Nantaughtacunds,  and  Onawmanients 
vpon  the  rivers  of  Rapahanock,  and  Patawomek;  over  all  those 
rivers,  and  backe  againe  by  divers  other  severall  Nations, 
to  the  Kings  habitation  at  Pamavnkee  :  where  they  enter- 
tained him  with  most  strange  and  fearefull  Coniurations ; 
As  if  71  care  led  to  hell. 
Amongst  the  Devils  to  dwell. 

Not  long  after,  early  in  a  morning  a  great  fire  was  made 
in  a  long  house,  and  a  mat  spread  on  the  one  side,  as  on 
the  other ;  on  the  one  they  caused  him  to  sit,  and  all  the 
guard  went  out  of  the  house,  and  presently  came  skipping 
in  a  great  grim  fellow,  all  painted  over  with  coale,  mingled 
with  oyle  ;  and  many  Snakes  and  Wesels  skins  stuffed  with 
mosse,  and  all  their  tayles  tyed  together,  so  as  they  met 
on  the  crowne  of  his  head  in  a  tassell ;  and  round  about 
the  tassell  was  as  a  Coronet  of  feathers,  the  skins  hanging 
round  about  his  head,  backe,  and  shoulders,  and  in  a 
manner  covered  his  face  ;  with  a  hellish  voyce,  and  a  rattle 
in  his  hand.  With  most  strange  gestures  and  passions  he 
began  his  invocation,  and  environed  the  fire  with  a  circle 
of  meale  ;  which  done,  three  more  such  like  devils  came 
rushing  in  with  the  like  antique  tricks,  painted  halfe  blacke, 
halfe  red  :  but  all  their  eyes  were  painted  white,  and  some 
red  stroakes  like  Mutchato's,  along  their  cheekes :  round 
about  him  those  fiends  daunced  a  pretty  while,  and  then 


Ed.byw.simmonds.j  LlB>  3.    with  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.     399 

came  in  three  more  as  vgly  as  the  rest ;  with  red  eyes,  and  [1607-8] 
white  stroakes  over  their  blacke  faces,  at  last  they  all  sat 
downe  right  against  him ;  three  of  them  on  the  one  hand 
of  the  chiefe  Priest,  and  three  on  the  other.  Then  all  with 
their  rattles  began  a  song,  which  ended,  the  chiefe  Priest 
layd  downe  fiue  wheat  cornes :  then  strayning  his  armes 
and  hands  with  such  violence  that  he  sweat,  and  his 
veynes  swelled,  he  began  a  short  Oration :  at  the  conclu- 
sion they  all  gaue  a  short  groane  ;  and  then  layd  down 
three  graines  more.  After  that,  began  their  song  againe, 
and  then  another  Oration,  ever  laying  downe  so  many 
cornes  as  before,  till  they  had  twice  incirculed  the  fire  ; 
that  done,  they  tooke  a  bunch  of  little  stickes  prepared  for 
that  purpose,  continuing-  still  their  devotion,  and  at  the 
end  of  every  song  and  Oration,  they  layd  downe  a  sticke 
betwixt  the  divisions  of  Corne.  Till  night,  neither  he  nor 
they  did  either  eate  or  drinke ;  and  then  they  feasted 
merrily,  with  the  best  provisions  they  could  make.  Three 
dayes  they  vsed  this  Ceremony ;  the  meaning  whereof 
they  told  him,  was  to  know  if  he  intended  them  well  or 
no.  The  circle  of  meale  signified  their  Country,  the  circles 
of  corne  the  bounds  of  the  Sea,  and  the  stickes  his  Country. 
They  imagined  the  world  to  be  flat  and  round,  like  a 
trencher ;  and  they  in  the  middest. 

After  this  they  brought  him  a  bagge  of  gunpowder,  which 
they  carefully  preserved  till  the  next  spring,  to  plant  as 
they  did  their  corne  ;  because  they  would  be  acquainted 
with  the  nature  of  that  seede. 

Opitchapam  the  Kings  brother  invited  him  to  his  house, 
where,  with  as  many  platters  of  bread,  foule,  and  wild 
beasts,  as  did  environ  him,  he  bid  him  wellcome ;  but  not 
any  of  them  would  eate  a  bit  with  him,  but  put  vp  all  the 
remainder  in  Baskets. 

At  his  returne  to  Opechancanoughs,  all  the  Kings  women, 
and  their  children,  flocked  about  him  for  their  parts;  as  a 
due  by  Custome,  to  be  merry  with  such  fragments. 
But  his  waking  mind  in  hydeous  dreames  did  oft  see  wondrous 

shapes, 
Of  bodies  strange,  and  hugein growth,  and  of  stupendious  makes. 

At  last  they  brought  him  to  Meronocomoco  [5  Jan.  1608],  l>- 18> 
where  was  Powhatan  their  Emperor.     Here  more  than  two 


400  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,  Lib.  3.  [7"  Stu^e?J?TsSSS 

[1608]      hundred  of  those  grim  Courtiers  stood  wondering  at  him,  as 
PmAatan    ^e  ^ad  beene  a  ™onster  ;  till  Powhatan  and  his  trayne  had 
em^rtained    put  themselues  in  their  greatest  braveries.     Before  a  fire 
vpon  a  seat  like  a  bedsted,  he  sat  covered  with  a  great  robe, 
[/.  19.]        made  of  Rarowcnn  skinnes,  and  all  the  tayles  hanging  by. 
On  either  hand  did  sit  a  young  wench  of  16  or  18  yeares, 
and  along  on  each  side  the  house,  two  rowes  [49]  of  men, 
and  behind  them  as  many  women,  with   all  their  heads 
and  shoulders  painted  red  :  many  of  their  heads  bedecked 
with  the  white  downe  of  Birds  ;  but  every  one  with  some- 
thing: and  a  great  chayne  of  white  beads  about  their  necks. 
At  his  entrance  before  the  King,  all  the  people  gaue 
[//.xhx.ixv,  a   grea{    shout.      The    Queene    of  Appamatuck   was    ap- 
pointed to  bring  him  water  to  wash  his  hands,  and  another 
brought  him  a  bunch  of  feathers,  in  stead  of  a  Towell  to 
dry  them :  having  feasted  him  after  their  best  barbarous 
manner  they  could,  a  long  consultation  was  held,  but  the 
conclusion  was,  two   great   stones  were   brought   before 
Powhatan  :  then  as  many  as  could  layd  hands  on   him, 
dragged  him  to  them,  and  thereon  laid  his  head,  and  being 
ready  with  their  clubs,  to  beate  out  his  braines,  Pocahontas 
the  Kings  dearest  daughter,  when  no  intreaty  could  pre- 
p^ahPHia*  vaile,  got  his  head  in  her  armes,  and  laid  her  owne  vpon 
laved  his  life.  hjs  to  saue  him  from  death  :  whereat  the  Emperour  was 
contented  he  should  Hue  to  make  him  hatchets,  and  her 
bells,  beads,  and  copper  ;  for  they  thought  him  aswell  of  all 
occupations  as  themselues.     For  the  King  himselfe  will 
make  his  owne  robes,  shooes,  bowes,  arrowes,  pots ;  plant, 
hunt,  or  doe  any  thing  so  well  as  the  rest. 

They  say  he  bore  a  pleasant  shew, 
But  sure  his  heart  was  sad. 
For  who  can  pleasant  be,  and  restt 
That  Hues  in  fear e  and  dread  : 
And  having  life  suspected,  doth 
It  still  suspected  lead. 
Two  dayes  after  [7  Jan.  1608],  Powhatan  having  disguised 
himselfe  in  the  most  fearefullest  manner  he  could,  caused 
Captain  Smith  to  be  brought  forth  to  a  great  house  in  the 
woods,  and  there  vpon  a  mat  by  the  fire  to  be  left  alone.   Not 
long  after  from  behinde  a  mat  that  divided  the  house,  was 
madethemostdolefullestnoyseheeverheard;  ih^n Powhatan 


Ed.  by  w.  s^mmonds.-j  lib   ^    w^/t  the  fir st  supply  in  Virginia.     401 

more  like  a  devill  then  a  man,  with  some  two  hundred  more      [1608] 
as  blacke  as  himselfe,  came  vnto  him  and  told  him  now  ™™katan 
they  were  friends,  and  presently  he  should  goe  to  lames  sent  him  to 
towne,  to  send  him  two  great  gunnes,  and  a  gryndstone,  Towne. 
for  which  he  would  giue  him  the  Country  of  Capahowosick,  [/.  20.] 
and  for  ever  esteeme  him  as  his  sonne  Nantaquoud. 

So  to  lames  towne  with  12  guides  Powhatan  sent  him. 
That  night  [7  Jan.  1608]  they  quarterd  in  the  woods,  he  still  [A  22.] 
expecting  (as  he  had  done  all  this  longtime  of  his  imprison- 
ment) every  houre  to  be  put  to  one  death  or  other  :  for  all 
their  feasting.  But  almightie  God  (by  his  divine  providence) 
had  mollified  the  hearts  of  those  sterne  Barbarians  with 
compassion.  The  next  morning  [8  Jan.]  betimes  they  came 
to  the  Fort,  where  Smith  having  vsed  the  Salvages  with 
what  kindnesse  he  could,  he  shewed  Rawhunt,  Powhatans 
trusty  servant,  two  demi-Culverings  and  a  millstone  to  carry 
Powhatan :  they  found  them  somewhat  too  heavie  ;  but 
when  they  did  see  him  discharge  them,  being  loaded  with 
stones,  among  the  boughs  of  a  great  tree  loaded  with  Isic- 
kles,  the  yce  and  branches  came  so  tumbling  downe,  that 
the  poore  Salvages  ran  away  halfe  dead  with  feare.  But  at 
last  we  regained  some  conference  with  them,  and  gaue  them 
such  toyes  ;  and  sent  to  Powhatan,  his  women,  and  children 
such  presents,  as  gaue  them  in  generall  full  content. 

Now  in  lames  Towne  they  were  all  in  combustion,  the  The  third 

,  -,1        ,1         proiect  to 

strongest  preparing   once   more    to    run    away  with    the  abandon  the 
Pinnace ;  which  with  the  hazzard  of  his  life,  with  Sakre  ^°un8trey' 
falcon  and  musket  shot,  Smith  forced  now  the  third  time     ' 9 ' 
to  stay  or  sinke. 

Some  no  better  then  they  should  be,  had  plotted  with  [>.ixxxvi.i 
the  President  [Ratcliffe],  the  next  day  [9  Jan.]  to  haue 
put  him  to  death  by  the  Leviticall  law,  for  the  Hues 
of  Robinson  and  Emry  ;  pretending  the  fault  was  his  that  [3^;  ^^.J6' 
had  led  them  to  their  ends :  but  he  quickly  tooke  such 
order  with  such  Lawyers,  that  he  layd  them  by  the  heeles 
till  he  sent  some  of  them  prisoners  for  England. 

Now  ever  once  in  foure  or  fiue  dayes,  Pocahontas  with  her 
attendants,  brought  him  so  much  provision,  that  saved  many 
of  their  Hues,  that  els  for  all  this  had  starved  with  hunger. 
Thus  from  numbe  death  our  good  God  sent  relief e, 
The  sweete  asswager  of  all  other  grief e.  [50] 

26 


402   The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,  Lib.  3.  [T>  Stt^'eL"  jrriSh.' 

[1608]  His  relation  of  the  plenty  he  had  seene,  especially  at 

A1™*  f  Werawocomoco,  and  of  the  state  and  bountie  of  Powhatan, 
SoSs'ioue  (which  till  that  time  was  vnknowne)  so  revived  their  dead 
Lctiol         spirits  (especially  the  loue  of  Pocahontas)  as  all  mens  feare 

was  abandoned. 
[j.9g.)  Thus  you  may  see  what   difficulties   still   crossed  an}' 

good  indevour;  and  the  good  successe  of  the  businesse 
being  thus  oft  brought  to  the  very  period  of  destruction;  yet 
you  see  by  what  strange  means  God  hath  still  delivered  it. 
As  for  the  insufficiency  of  them  admitted  in  Commission, 
that  error  could  not  be  prevented  by  the  Electors ;  there 
being  no  other  choise,  and  all  strangers  to  each  others 
education,  qualities,  or  disposition. 

And  if  any  deeme  it  a  shame  to  our  Nation  to  haue  any 
mention    made   of  those    inormities,  let  him  pervse  the 
Histories  of  the  Spanyards  Discoveries  and  Plantations, 
where  they  may  see  how  many  mutinies,  disorders,  and 
dissensions  haue  accompanied  them,   and   crossed   their 
attempts :    which  being  knowne   to   be   particular   mens 
offences;    doth  take  away  the  generall  scorne  and  con- 
tempt,   which    malice,    presumption,    covetousnesse,    or 
ignorance  might  produce ;  to  the  scandall  and  reproach 
of  those,  whose  actions  and  valiant  resolutions  deserue 
a  more  worthy  respect. 
[The  colony      Now  whether  it  had  beene  better  for  Captaine  Smith,  to 
38  men?byto  baue  concluded  with  any  of  those  severall  proiects,  to  haue 
ofj^yJl  abandoned  the  Countrey,  with  some  ten  or  twelue  of  them, 
on*s  j™ ivaI  w^°  were  ca^ec^  tne  better  sort,  and  haue  left  Master  Hunt 
1608;  u'epp.  our  Preacher,   Master  Anthony   Gosnoll,  a   most   honest, 
"I.']6"'       worthy,    and    industrious     Gentleman,    Master     Thomas 
Wotton,  and  some  27  others  of  his  Countrymen  to  the  fury 
of  the  Salvages,  famine,  and  all  manner  of  mischiefes,  and 
of  two  evils  inconveniences,  (for  they  were  but  fortie  in  all  to  keepe 
owas  possession  of  this  large  Country;)  or  starue  himselfe  with 
them  for  company,  for  want  of  lodging  :  or  but  adventur- 
ing abroad  to  make  them  provision,  or  by  his  opposition 
to  preserue  the  action,  and  saue  all  their  liues  ;  I  leaue  to 
the  censure  of  all  honest  men  to  consider.     But 
We  men  imagine  in  our  Iolitie, 
That  'tis  all  one,  or  good  or  bad  to  be. 
But  then  an  one  wee  alter  this  againe, 


Ed.byw.s^mmonds.j  LlB   3    wM  tfa  first  suppiy  jn  Virginia.     403 

If  happily  wee  feele  the  sence  of  paine ;  [1608] 

For  then  we're  tum'd  into  a  mourning  vaine. 

Written  by  Thomas  Studley  the  first  Cape 
Merchant  in  Virginia,  Robert  Fenton,  Edward 
Harrington y  and  /.  S. 


CHAPTER    III.  r/-«»J 

The  Arrivall  of  the  first  supply,  with  their 

Proceedings,  and  the  Ships  retttrne. 

LLthis  time  our  care  was  not  so  much  to  abandon 
the  Countrey ;  but  the  Treasurer  and  Councell 
in  England,  were  as   diligent    and  carefull  to 
supply  vs.     Two  good  ships  they  sent  vs,  with 
neare   a   hundred   men,   well   furnished  with   all   things 
could  be  imagined  necessary,  both  for  them  and  vs ;     The 
one   commanded    by   Captaine    Newport :    the   other   by 
Captaine  Francis  Nelson,  an  honest  man,  and  an  expert 
Marriner.     But  such  was  the  lewardnesse  of  his  Ship  [the  The 
Phcenix]   (that  though  he  was  within  the  sight  of  Cape  fromclipe 
Henry)  by  stormy  contrary  winds  was  he  forced  so  farre  faSYto 
to  Sea,  that  the  West  Indies  was  the  next  land,  for  the  f*J£sest 
repaire  of  his  Masts,  and  reliefe  of  wood  and  water. 

But  Newport  got  in  and  arrived  at  lames  Towne,  not  i/.^.) 
long  after  the  redemption  of  Captaine  Smith  [or  rather  in 
the  evening  of  the  8th  Jan.  1608,  on  which  Smith  returned]. 
To  whom  the  Salvages,  as  is  sayd,  every  other  day  repaired, 
with  such  provisions  that  sufficiently  did  serue  them  from 
hand  to  mouth  :  part  alwayes  they  brought  him  as  Presents 
from  their  Kings,  or  Pocahontas;  the  rest  he  as  their  Market 
Clarke  set  the  price  himselfe,  how  they  should  sell :  so  he 
[51]  had  inchanted  these  poore  soules  being  their  prisoner; 
and  now  Newport,  whom  he  called  his  Father  arriving, 
neare  as  directly  as  he  foretold,  they  esteemed  him  as  an  ^#  X0I#1 
Oracle,  and  [he]  had  them  at  that  submission  he  might  com- 
mand them  what  he  listed.     That  God  that  created  all   The.r 
things  they  knew  he  adored  for  his  God:  they  would  also  opinion  of 
in  their  discourses  tearme  the  God  of  Captaine  Smith. 


404  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,     Lib.  3.  [ams  Todkui. 

ri608]  Thus  the  Almightie  was  the  bringer  on, 

The  guide,  path,  terme,  all  which  was  God  alone. 

But  the  President  [Ratcliffe]  and  Councell  so  much 
envied  his  estimation  among  the  Salvages,  (though  we  all 
in  generall  equally  participated  with  him  of  the  good 
thereof,)  that  they  wrought  it  into  the  Salvages  vnder- 
standings  (by  their  great  bounty  in  giving  foure  times 
more  for  their  commodities  then  Smith  appointed)  that 
their  greatnesse  and  authoritie  as  much  exceeded  his,  as 
their  bountie  and  liberalise. 

Now  the  arrivall  of  this  first  supply  so  overioyed  vs,  that 
wee  could  not  devise  too  much  to  please  the  Marriners.  We 
gaue  them  libertie  to  trucke  or  trade  at  their  pleasures.  But 
in  a  short  time  it  followed,  that  could  not  be  had  for  a 
pound  of  Copper,  which  before  was  sould  vs  for  an  ounce  : 
thus  ambition  and  sufferance  cut  the  throat  of  our  trade, 
but  confirmed  their  opinion  of  the  greatnesse  of  Captaine 
Newport,  (wherewith  Smith  had  possessed  Powhatan) 
especially  by  the  great  presents  Newport  often  sent  him, 
before  he  could  prepare  the  Pinnace  to  goe  and  visit  him  : 
(A  »3.)  so  that  this  great  Savage  desired  also  to  see  him.  A  great 
coyle  there  was  to  set  him  forward  [Feb.  1608]. 

When  he  went  he  was  accompanied  with  Captaine 
Smith,  and  Master  Scrivener,  a  very  wise  understanding 
Gentleman,  newly  arrived  and  admitted  of  the  Councell, 
with  thirtie  or  fortie  chosen  men  for  their  guard. 

(/•  24-]  Arriving  at  Werowocomoco,  Ncwports  conceit  of  this  great 

Savage  bred  many  doubts  and  suspitions  of  trecheries, 
which  Smith  to  make  appeare  was  needlesse,  with  twentie 
men  well  appointed,  vndertooke  to  encounter  the  worst 

PowhMtkn.    that  could  happen  :     Knowing 

All  is  but  one,  and  selfe-same  hand,  that  thus 
Both  one  while  scourgeth,  and  that  helped  vs. 


Smiths 
revisiting 


Nathanicll  Powell. 
Robert  Behethland. 
Mich[a]ellPhittiplace. 
William  Phittiplace. 
Anthony  Gosnoll. 
Richard  Wyffin, 


Gent. 


John  Tavemer. 
William  Dyer.         I  ^      . 
Thomas  Coe. 
Thomas  Hope. 

Anas  Todkill. 


ta.byw.simmonds.-j  lib>  ^    w^  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.     405 

These,  with  nine  others  (whose  names  I  haue  forgotten)      [1608] 
comming   a-shore,  landed  amongst    a    many  of  creekes,   W-  I02-l 
over  which  they  were  to  passe  [by]  such  poore  bridges,  onely  j^ne"'* 
made  of  a  few  cratches  thrust  in  the  o[o]se,  and  three  or  tainment. 
foure  poles  laid  on  them,  and  at  the  end  of  them  the  like, 
tyed  together  onely  with  barkes  of  trees,  that  it  made 
them  much  suspect  those  bridges  were  but  traps.     Which 
caused  Smith  to  make  diverse  Salvages  goe  over  first, 
keeping  some  of  the  chiefe  as  hostage  till  halfe  his  men 
were  passed,  to  make  a  guard  for  himselfe  and  the  rest. 

But  finding  all  things  well,  by  two  or  three  hundred 
Salvages  they  were  kindly  conducted  to  their  towne. 
Where  Powhatan  strained  himselfe  to  the  vtmost  of  his 
greatnesse  to  entertaine  them,  with  great  shouts  of  ioy, 
Orations  of  protestations ;  and  with  the  most  plenty  of 
victualls  he  could  provide  to  feast  them. 

Sitting  vpon  his  bed  of  mats,  his  pillow  of  leather 
imbrodered  (after  their  rude  manner  with  pearle  and  white 
Beads)  his  attyre  a  faire  robe  of  skinnes  as  large  as  an  Irish 
mantell :  at  his  head  and  [at  his]  feete  a  handsome  young 
woman  :  on  each  side  his  house  sat  twentie  of  his  Concu- 
bines, their  heads  and  shoulders  painted  red,  with  a  great 
chaine  of  white  beads  about  each  of  their  neckes.  Before 
those  sat  his  chiefest  men  in  like  order  in  his  arbour-like 
house,  and  more  then  fortie  platters  of  fine  bread  stood 
as  a  guard  in  two  fyles  on  each  side  the  doore.  Foure 
or  fiue  hundred  people  made  a  guard  behinde  them 
for  our  passage :  and  Proclamation  was  made,  none 
vpon  paine  of  death  to  presume  to  doe  vs  any  wrong  or 
discourtesie. 

With  many  pretty  Discourses  to  renew  [52]  their  old  lA^s-i 
acquaintance,  this  great  King  and  our  Captaine  spent  the 
time,  till  the  ebbe  left  our  Barge  aground.    Then  renewing 
their  feasts  with  feates,  dauncing  and  singing,  and  such 
like  mirth,  we  quartered  that  night  with  Powhatan. 

The  next  day  Newport  came  a  shore  and  receiued  as  much  [/•  *7-) 
content  as  those  people  could  giue  him :  a  boy  named  Thomas  Change  of 
Salvage  was  then  giuen  vnto  Powhatan,whom  Newport  called  ^ristian 
his  sonne  ;  for  whom  Powhatan  gaue  him  Namontack  his  salvage, 
trustie  servant,  and  one  of  a  shrewd,  subtill  capacitie.  (>•  569-1 


406 
[1608] 


[/•  «7-] 


Powhatans 
speech. 


[/•  103.] 


Differences 
of  opinions. 


[>.  a8.] 


The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,     Lib   3.  [An»sTodkm. 

Three  or  foure  dayes  more  we  spent  in  feasting,  dauncing, 
and  trading,  wherein  Powhatan  carried  himselfe  so  proudly, 
yet  discreetly  (in  his  salvage  manner)  as  made  vs  all 
admire  his  naturall  gifts,  considering  his  education. 

As  scorning  to  trade  as  his  subiects  did ;  he  bespake 
Newport  in  this  manner. 

Captaine  Newport  it  is  not  agreeable  to  my  greatnesse,  in 
this  pedling  manner  to  trade  for  trifles  ;  and  I  esteeme  you  also 
a  great  Werowance.  Therefore  lay  me  downe  all  your  com- 
modities together  ;  what  I  like  I  will  take,  and  in  recompence 
giue  you  what  I  thinke  fitting  their  value. 

Captaine  Smith  being  our  interpreter,  regarding  Newport 
as  his  father,  knowing  best  the  disposition  of  Powhatan, 
tould  vs  his  intent  was  but  onely  to  cheate  vs  ;  yet  Captaine 
Newport  thinking  to  out  braue  this  Salvage  in  ostentation  of 
greatnesse,  and  so  to  bewitch  him  with  him  bountie,  as  to 
haue  what  he  listed,  it  so  hapned,  that  Powhatan  hauing 
his  desire,  valued  his  corne  at  such  a  rate,  that  I  thinke  it 
[were]  better  cheape  in  Spaine :  for  we  had  not  foure  bushells 
for  that  we  expected  to  haue  twentie  hogsheads. 

This  bred  some  vnkindnesse  betweene  our  two  Captaines ; 
Newport  seeking  to  please  the  vnsatiable  desire  of  the  Salvage, 
Smith  to  cause  the  Salvage  to  please  him  ;  but  smothering 
his  distast  to  avoyd  the  Saluages  suspition,  [Smith]  glanced 
in  the  eyes  of  Powhatan  many  trifles,  who  fixed  his  humor 
vpon  a  few  blew  beades.  A  long  time  he  importunately 
desired  them,  but  Smith  seemed  so  much  the  more  to  affect 
them,  as  being  composed  of  a  most  rare  substance  of  the 
coulour  of  the  skyes,  and  not  to  be  worne  but  by  the  greatest 
kings  in  the  world.  This  made  him  halfe  madde  to  be  the 
owner  of  such  strange  Iewells  :  so  that  ere  we  departed,  for 
a  pound  or  two  of  blew  beades,  he  brought  ouer  my  king 
for  2.  or  300.  Bushells  of  corne  ;  yet  parted  good  friends. 

The  like  entertainment  we  found  of  Opechankanough 
king  of  Pamavnkee,  whom  also  he  in  like  manner  fitted  (at 
the  like  rates)  with  blew  beads  :  which  grew  by  this  meanes, 
of  that  estimation,  that  none  durst  weare  any  of  them  but 
their  great  kings,  their  wiues  and  children. 


buS* town"      And  so  we  returned  all  well  to  lames  towne  [9  Mar.  1608], 
[/■  j«4       where  this  new  supply  being  lodged  with  the  rest,  [had] 


Ed.byw.simmonds.j  LlB^  3.    with  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.     407 

accidently  fired  [about  17  Jan.  1608]  their  quarters,  and  so      [1608] 
the  towne :  which  being  but  thatched  with  reeds,  the  fire 
was  so  fierce  as  it  burnt  their  Pallisado's,  (though  eight  or  [/.lxxxvi. 
ten  yards  distant)  with  their  Armes,  bedding,  apparell,  and 
much  priuate  prouision.     Good  Master  Hunt  our  Preacher  ^ 
lost  all  his  Library,  and  all  he  had  but  the  cloathes  on  his  99.  w*,' 386, 
backe  :  yet  none  neuer  heard  him  repine  at  his  losse.   This  4oa" 
happned  in  the  winter  in  that  extreame  frost.  i6oj[-8]. 

Now  though  we  had  victuall  sufficient  I  meane  onely  of  Ashipideiy 
Oatmeale,  meale  and  corne  :  yet  the  bhip  staying  14.  weekes  weekes. 
[or  actually  13  weeks  and  2  days  from  8  Jan.  to  10  April  1608] 
when  shee  might  as  wel  haue  beene  gone  in  14.  dayes,  spent 
a  great  part  of  that,  and  neare  all  the  rest  that  was  sent  to 
be  landed. 

When  they  departed  what  the[i]re  discretion  could  spare 
vs,  to  make  a  little  poore  meale  or  two,  we  called  feastes, 
to  relish  our  mouthes :  of  each  somwhat  they  left  vs,  yet 
I  must  confesse,  those  that  had  either  money,  spare 
clothes,  credit  to  giue  billes  of  paiment,  gold  rings,  furrs, 
or  any  such  commodities,  were  euer  welcome  to  this 
remouing  tauerne,  such  was  our  patience  to  obay  such  vile  \t.  104.] 
Commanders,  and  buy  our  owne  provisions  at  15.  times 
the  value,  suffering  them  feast  (we  bearing  the  charge)  yet 
must  not  repine,  but  fast,  least  we  should  incurre  the  cen- 
sure of  [being]  factious  and  seditious  persons :  and  then 
leakage,  ship-rats,  and  other  casualties  occasioned  them 
losse  :  but  the  vessels  and  remnants  (for  totals)  we  were 
glad  to  receaue  with  all  our  hearts  to  make  vp  the  account, 
highly  commending  their  prouidence  for  preseruing  that, 
least  they  should  discourage  any  more  to  come  to  vs. 

Now  for  all  this  plenty  our  ordynary  was  but  meale  and 
water,  so  that  this  great  charge  little  releeued  our  wants, 
whereby  with  the  extremitie  of  the  [53]  bitter  cold  frost 
and  those  defects,  more  then  halfe  of  vs  dyed. 

I  cannot  deny  but  both  Smith  and  Skriuener  did  their  best 
to  amend  what  was  amisse,  but  with  the  President  went 
the  maior  part,  that  the[i]re  homes  were  to[o]  short. 


But  the  worst  was  our  guilded  refiners  with  their  golden  ^e 


effect 


promises  made  all  men  their  slaues  in  hope  of  recompences ;  Verbaiisu. 
there  was  no  talke,   no  hope,   no  worke,  but   dig  gold, 
wash  gold,  refine  gold,  loade  gold,  such  a  bruit  of  gold, 


408  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents^     Lib.  3.  [Ana$Todku 

[1608]      that  one  mad  fellow  [a  wag]  desired  to  be  buried  in  the  sands 

least  they  should  by  the [i]  re  art  make  gold  of  his  bones  : 

little  neede  there  was  and  lesse  reason,  the  ship  should  stay, 

Aneedicsse  the[i]re  wages  run  on,  our  victualls  consume  14.  weekes, 

fTSC\      *hat  tne  Mariners  might  say,  they  did  helpe  to  build  such 

'9S7'       a  golden  Church  that  we  can  say  the  raine  washed  neere 

to  nothing  in  14.  dayes. 

Were  it  that  captaine   Smith  would   not  applaude  all 
those  golden  inventions,  because  they  admitted  him  not 
to   the  sight  of  their  trialls  nor  golden  consultations,  I 
know  not ;  but  I  haue  heard  him  oft  question  with  Cap- 
taine Martin  and  tell  him,  except  he  could  shew  him  a  more 
substantiall  triall,  he  was  not  inamoured  with  their  durty 
skill,  breathing  out  these  and  many  other  passions,  neuer 
any  thing  did  more  torment  him,  then  to  see  all  necessary 
busines    neglected,  to  fraught  such  a  drunken  ship  with 
so  much  guilded  durt. 
a  retume  to      Till  then  we  neuer  accounted,  Captaine  Newport  a  refiner, 
England.     wh0  being   ready  to  set  saile  for  England,  and  we  not 
^.  105,]       hauing  any  vse  of  Parliaments,  Plaies,  Petitions,  Admiralls, 
.       .        Recorders,  Interpreters,  Chronologers,  Courts  of  Plea,  nor 
Iustices  of  peace,  sent  [10  April  1608]  Master  Wingfield 
l/.ixxxvii.]  and  Captaine  Archer  home  with  him,  that  had  ingrossed 
all  those  titles,  to  seeke  some  better  place  of  imployment. 

Oh  cursed  gold,  those  hunger-starved  movers, 
To  what  misfortunes  lead'st  thou  all  those  lovers ! 
For  all  the  China  wealth,  nor  Indies  can 
Suffice  the  minde  of  an  avWitious  man. 


CHAPTER    I  I  I  I 

The  Arrhall  of  the  Phoenix  ;  her  retume ; 

and  other  Accidents. 

He  authoritie  now  consisting  in  Captaine  Martin, 
and  the  still  sickly  President  [Ratcliffe],  the  sale 
of  the  Stores  commodities  maintained  his  estate, 
as  an  inheritable  revenew. 
The  spring  approaching,  and  the  Ship  departing,  Master 


Ed.  by  w.  s«nmonds.-j  lib   3.   with  the  fir st  supply  in  Virginia.      409 

Scrivener  and  Captaine  Smith  devided  betwixt  them  the      [1608] 
rebuilding  lames  towne ;  the  repairing  our  Pallizadoes ;  the 
cutting  downe  trees ;   preparing  our  fields ;    planting  our  [/.  33.] 
corne,  and  to  rebuild  our  Church,  and  re-cover  our  Store  house. 

All  men  thus  busie  at  their  severall  labours,  Master 
Nelson  arrived  with  his  lost  Phcenix ;  lost  (I  say)  for  that  \p.  34] 
we  all  deemed  him  lost.  Landing  safely  all  his  men,  (so 
well  he  had  mannaged  his  ill  hap,)  causing  the  Indian  Isles 
to  feede  his  company,  that  his  victuail  to  that  we  had 
gotten,  as  is  said  before,  was  neare,  after  our  allowance, 
sufficient  for  halfe  a  yeare.  He  had  not  any  thing  but  he 
freely  imparted  it,  which  honest  dealing  (being  a  Marriner) 
caused  vs  admire  him :  we  would  not  haue  wished  more 
then  he  did  for  vs. 

Now  to  relade  this  ship  with  some  good  tydings,  the 
President  (not  holding  it  stood  with  the  dignitie  of  his 
place   to  leaue  the   Fort)   gaue  order  to  Captaine  Smith 
to  discover  and  search  the  commodities  of  the  Monacans  sixtie 
Countrey  beyond  the  Falls.     Sixtie  able  men  was  allotted  SSStoaJ 
them,  the  which  within  six  dayes,  Smith  had  so  well  trained  Monacans. 
to  their  armes  and  orders,  that  they  little  feared  with  whom  \p.  106.] 
they  should  incounter  :  yet  so  vnseasonable  was  the  time, 
and  so  opposit  was  Captaine  Martin  to  any  thing,  but  onely 
to  fraught  this  ship  also  with  his  phantasticall  gold,  as 
Captaine  Smith  rather  desired  to  relade  her  with  Cedar, 
(which  was  a  present  dispatch)  then  either  with  durt,  or  the 
hopes  and  reports  of  an  vncertaine  discovery,  which  he  would 
performe  when  they  had  lesse  charge  and  more  leisure.  [54] 

But,         The  God  of  Heav'n,  He  eas'ly  can 
Immortalize  a  mortall  man, 

With  glory  and  with  fame. 
The  same  God,  ev'n  as  eas'ly  may 
Afflict  a  mortall  man,  I  say, 
With  sorrow  and  with  shame. 

Whilst  the  conclusion  was  a  resolving,  this  hapned. 

Powhatan  (to  expresse  his  loue  to  Newport)  when  he  Sample  to 
departed,  presented  him  with  twentie  Turkies,  condi-  seiuwords 
tionally  to  returne  him  twentie  swords,  which  immediately  |°  T*8*" 
was  sent  him. 

Now  after  his  departure,  he  presented  Captaine  Smith 


410  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,     Lib.  3.  [Anas  Todkm. 

[1608]      with  the  like  luggage,  but  not  finding  his  humor  obeyed 

in  not  sending  such  weapons  as  he  desired,  he  caused  his 

people  with  twentie  devices  to  obtaine  them.     At  last  by 

ambuscadoes  at  our  very  Ports  [gates]  they  would  take  them 

The  perforce,  surprise  vs  at  worke,  or  any  way ;  which  was  so 

welknSS    long  permitted,  they  become  so  insolent  there  was  no  rule  : 

the  command  from  England  was  so  strait  not  to  offend 

them,    as  our    authoritie-bearers    (keeping  their  houses) 

would  rather  be  any  thing  than  peace-breakers. 

IM  35-39.]       This  charitable  humor  prevailed,  till  well  it  chanced 

smiths       *ney  mecUed   with  Captaine  Smith,  who  without   farther 

attempt  to    deliberation  gaue  them  such   an   incounter,  as  some   he 

tKafvages  so  hunted  vp  and  downe  the   Isle,  some  he  so  terrified 

insoieacies.    wjth  whipping,  beating,  and  imprisonment ;  as  for  revenge 

they  surprised  two  of  ourforraging  disorderly  souldiers,  and 

having  assembled   their  forces,  boldly   threatned  at  our 

Ports  to  force  Smith  to  redeliver  seven  Salvages,  which 

for  their  villanies  he  detained  prisoners,  or  we  were  all 

but  dead   men.     But   to  try  their  furies  he  sallied   out 

amongst  them,  and  in  lesse  then  an  houre,  he  so  hampred 

their  insolencies,  [that]  they  brought  them  his  two  men, 

desiring  peace  without  any  further  composition  for  their 

prisoners.     Those  he  examined,   and    caused    them    all 

beleeue,  by  severall  vollies  of  shot  one  of  their  companions 

was  shot  to  death,  because  they  would  not  confesse  their 

intents  and  plotters  of  those  villanies. 

And  thus  they  all  agreed  in  one  point,  they  were  directed 

Pmuhatans   onely  Dv  Powhatan  to  obtaine  him  our  weapons,  to  cut  our 

excuse.        owne  throats  ;  with  the  manner  where,  how,  and  when, 

which  we  plainly  found  most  true  and  apparant :  yet  he 

sent  his  messengers,  and  his  dearest  daughter  Pocahontas 

[/>/.  38, 107.]  [in  May  1608]  with  presents  to  excuse  him  of  the  iniuries 

done  by  some  rashvntowardCaptaines  his  subiects,  desiring 

their  liberties  for  this  time,  with  the  assurance  of  his  loue 

for  ever. 

After  Smith  had  given  the  prisoners  what  correction  he 
thought  fit,  vsed  them  well  a  day  or  two  after,  and  then 
[/•  »•]        delivered  them  Pocahontas ;  for  whose  sake  onely  he  fayned 
to  haue  saued  their  Hues,  and  gaue  them  libertie. 

The  patient  Councell  that  nothing  would  moue  towarre 
with    the   Salvages,   would   gladly  haue  wrangled  with 


Ed.  by  w.  simmonds.-j  lib   ^     w^  the  fir st  supply  in  Virginia.     411 


Captaine  Smith  for  his  crueltie,  yet  none  was  slaine  to  any  [1608] 
mans  knowledge :  but  it  brought  them  in  such  feare  and 
obedience,  as  his  very  name  would  sufficiently  affright 
them  ;  where  before,  wee  had  sometime  peace  and  warre 
twice  in  a  day,  and  very  seldome  a  weeke  but  we  had  some 
trecherous  villany  or  other. 

The  fraught  of  this  Ship  being  concluded  to  be  Cedar;  j^f t with 
by    the    diligence    of  the    Master,   and  Captaine    Smith,  Cedar, 
she  was  quickly  reladed  :   Master  Scrivener  was  neither 
idle  nor  slow  to  follow  all  things  at  the  Fort ;  the  Ship 
being  ready  to  set  sayle,  Captaine  Martin  being  alwayes 
very  sickly,  and  vnserviceable,  and  desirous  to  inioy  the 
credit  of  his  supposed  Art  of  finding  the  golden  Mine,  was 
most  willingly  admitted  to  returne  for  England.     For 
He  hath  not  filVd  his  lapp, 
That  still  doth  hold  it  oap. 

From  the  writings  of  Thomas  Studley  and 
Anas  TodkilL  [55] 

[As  regards  Studley,  this  must  be  an  error,  for  he  died  on  28  Aug. 
\6o7,fi.  lxxii.,and  was  succeeded  for  some  time,  as  Cap-Merchant  or 
Storekeeper,  by  Captain  y.  Smith,  p.  9.] 

Their  Names  that  were  landed  in  this  Supply. 


Mathew  Scrivener  appointed 
to  be  one  of  the  Councell. 
Michaell  Phittiplace. 
William  Phittiplace. 
Ralph  Morton. 
Richard  Wyffing. 
Iohn  Taverner. 
William  Cantrell. 
Robert  Barnes. 
Richard  F  ether  stone.  {-Gent. 
George  Hill. 
George  Pretty. 
Nathaniell  Causy. 
Peter  Pory. 
Robert  Cutler. 
Michaell  Sicklemore. 
William  Bentley. 


Thomas  Coe. 
Doctor  Russell. 
Jeffrey  Abbot. 
Edward  Gurgana. 
Richard  W  or  ley. 
Timothy  Leeds. 
Richard  Killingbeck. 
William  Spence. 
Richard  Prodger. 
Richard  Pots. 
Richard  Mullinax. 
William  Bayley. 
Francis  Perkins. 
Iohn  Harper. 
George  Forest. 
Iohn  Nichols. 
William  Griuell. 


-Gent. 


1608. 

Sir  Thomas 

Smith 

Treasurer. 


[Compare 
this  List 
with  the 
1612  one,  at 
/>.  107-8.] 


412 

[1608] 


The  Discoveries  and  Accide?its,      Lib.  3.  [" 


W.  Ttusv*. 

A.  TodkiSl. 

LT.  Momford. 


Raymond  Goodison. 
William  Simons. 
John  Spearman. 
Richard  Bristow. 
William  Perce, 
lames  Watkins. 
Iohn  Bouth. 
Christopher  Rods. 
Richard  Burkct. 
lames  Burre. 
Nicholas  Ven. 
Francis  Perkins. 
Richard  Gradon. 
Rawland  Nelstrop. 
Richard  Savage. 
Thomas  Savage. 
Richard  Milm 
William  May. 
Vere. 
Michaell. 
Bishop  Wiles. 


3 
o 

od 


"f  Apoth 


ecanes. 


Thomas  Hope. 
William  Ward. 
Iohn  Powell. 
William  Yong. 
William  Beckwith. 
La[w]rence  Towtales. 

Thomas  Field, 
Iohn  Harford, 

Dani:  Stallings,  Ieweller. 
Will:  Dawson,  a  refiner. 
Abram  Ransack,  a  refiner. 
Wil:  lohnson,  a.  Goldsmith. 
Peter  Keffer,  a  gunsmith. 
Rob:  Alberton,  a  perfumer. 
Richard Belfield,  a  Goldsmith. 
Post  Ginnat,  a  Chirurg[ion]. 
Iohn  Lewes,  a  Cooper. 
Robert   Cotton,    a   Tobacco- 
pipe-maker. 
Richard  Dole,  a  Blacksmith 


And   divers  others 
number  of  120. 


to    the 


1/  109.1  CHAPTER     V 

The  Accidents  that  hapned  in  the  "Discovery 
of  the  Bay  of  Chisapeack. 

He  prodigalitie  of  the  Presidents  [Ratcliffe]  state 

went  so  deepe  into  our  small  store,  that  Smith 

and  Scrivener  tyed  him  and  his  Parasites  to  the 

rules  of  proportion.     But  now  Smith  being  to 

depart,    the    Presidents    authoritie    so    overswayed    the 

discretion  of  Master  Scrivener,  that  our  store,  our  time,  our 

strength   and   labours  were  idely  consumed  to  fulfill  his 

phantasies. 

The  second  of  Iune  1608.  Smith  left  the  Fort  to  performe 
his  Discovery  with  this  Company. 


Ed.  by  W.  Simmonds."]    T   TT>      ~ 

l6l2-l624J     ^^     6' 


with  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.     413 


J-  Souldiers. 


Walter    Russell,    Doctor    of    I onas  Profit.        \  .[1608] 

Physicke.  Anas  Todkill. 

Ralfe  Murton.  \  Robert  Small. 

Thomas  Momford.  lames  Watkins. 

William  Cantrill.        \  ^     .      John  Powell. 
Richard  Fetherston.     r  '     lames  Read, 

lames  Bume.  Richard  Keale. 

Mich  [a]  ell  Sicklemore.  t 

These  being  in  an  open  Barge  neare  three  tuns  burthen. 

Leaving  the  Phoenix  at  Cape  Henry,  they  crossed  the  Bay 
to  the  Easterne  shore,  and  fell  with  the  Isles  called  Smiths 
Isles,  after  our  Captaines  name. 

The  first  people  we  saw  were  two  grim  and  stout  Salvages 
vpon  Cape  Charles,  with  long  poles  like  Iauelings,  headed 
with  bone,  [56]  they  boldly  demanded  what  we  were,  and 
what  we  would;  but  after  many  circumstances  they  seemed 
very  kinde,  and  directed  vs  to  Accomack,  the  habitation  of 
their  Werowance,  where  we  were  kindly  intreated. 

This  King  was  the  comliest,  proper,  civill  Salvage  we  in-  [A  "°-i 
countred.    His  Country  is  a  pleasant  fertile  clay  soyle,  some 
small  creekes  ;  good  Harbours  for  small  Barks,  but  not  for 
Ships.     He  told  vs  of  a  strange  accident  lately  happened 
him,  and  it  was,  two  children  being  dead;  some  extreame 
passions,  or  dreaming  visions,  phantasies,  or  affection  moued  ^^gj 
their  parents  againe  to  revisit  their  dead  carkases,  whose  of  Salvages 
benummed  bodies  reflected  to  the  eyes  of  the  beholders  such 
delightfull   countenances,   as  though   they   had  regained 
their  vitall  spirits.     This  as  a  miracle  drew  many  to  behold 
them,  all  which,  being  a  great  part  of  his  people,  not  long 
after  dyed,  and  but  few  escaped. 

They  spake  the  language  of  Powhatan,  wherein  they  made 
such  descriptions  of  the  Bay,  Isles,  and  rivers,  that  often 
did  vs  exceeding  pleasure. 

Passing  along  the  coast,  searching  every  inlet,  and  Bay, 
fit  for  harbours  and  habitations.  Seeing  many  Isles  in  the 
midst  of  the  Bay  we  bore  vp  for  them,  but  ere  we  could 
obtaine  them,  such  an  extreame  gust  of  wind,  rayne, 
thunder,  and  lightening  happened,  that  with  great  danger 
we  escaped  the  vnmercifull  raging  of  that  Ocean-like  water. 
The  highest  land  on  the  mayne,  yet  it  was  but  low,  we  Russels 
called  Keales  hill,  and  these  vninhabited  Isles,  Russels  Isles.  Isles- 


414  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,      Lib.  3.  f  a!?3E5: 

T    ^  LT.  Momford. 

[1608]  The  next  day  searching  them  for  fresh  water,  we  could  find 

none,  the  defect  whereof  forced  vsto  follow  the  next  Easterne 

withcoc*.     Channell,  which  brought  vs  to  the  river  of  Wighcocomoco. 

m4K0'  The  people  at  first  with  great  fury  seemed  to  assault  vs, 

yet  at  last  with  songs  and  daunces  and  much  mirth  became 

very  tractable :  but  searching  their  habitations  for  water,  we 

could  fill  but  three  barricoes,  and  that  such  puddle,  that 

never  till  then  we  ever  knew  the  want  of  good  water.     We 

An  «*"«22  digged  and  searched  in  many  places,  but  before  two  daies 

w^r?  r  s  *  were  expired,  we  would  haue  refused  two  barricoes  of  gold 

for  one  of  that  puddle  water  of  Wighcocomoco. 

Being  past  these  Isles  which  are  many  in  number,  but  all 
naught  for  habitation,  falling  with  a  high  land  vpon  the 
mayne,  we  found  a  great  Pond  of  fresh  water,  but  so  exceed- 
ing hot  wee  supposed  it  some  bath ;  that  place  we  called 
poynt  Ployer,  in  honor  of  that  most  honourable  House  of 
[/•  8a5]  Mousay  in  Britaine,  that  in  an  extreame  extremitie  once 
relieued  our  Captaine. 

From  Wighcocomoco  to  this  place,  all  the  coast  is  low 
broken  Isles  of  Morap,  growne  a  myle  or  two  in  breadth,  and 
ten  ortwelue  in  length,  good  to  cut  for  hay  in  Summer,  and 
to  catch  fish  and  foule  in  Winter :  but  the  Land  beyond  them 
is  all  covered  over  with  wood,  as  is  the  rest  of  the  Country. 
Being  thus  refreshed,  in  crossing  ouer  from  the  maine 
to  other  Isles  we  discouered,  the  winde  and  waters  so 
much  increased,  with  thunder,  lightning,  and  raine,  that 
our  mast  and  sayle  blew  ouerbord  and  such  mighty 
\p.  us.]  waues  ouerracked  vs  in  that  small  barge,  that  with  great 
Their  Barge  labour  we  kept  her  from  sinking  by  freeing  out  the  water. 
Two  dayes  we  were  inforced  to  inhabite  these  vninhabited 
Isles ;  which  fqr  the  extremitie  of  gusts,  thunder,  raine, 
stormes,  and  ill  wether  we  called  Limbo. 

Repairing  our  saile  with  our  shirts,  we  set  sayle  for  the 
maine  and  fell  with  a  pretty  convenient  riuer  on  the  East 
called  Cuskarawaok ;  the  people  ran  as  amazed  in  troups 
from  place  to  place,  and  diuers  got  into  the  tops  of  trees. 
They  were  not  sparing  of  their  arrowes,  nor  [of]  the  greatest 
passion  they  could  expresse  of  their  anger.  Long  they 
shot,  we  still  ryding  at  an  Anchor  without  the[i]re  reatch 
making  all  the  signes  of  friendship  we  could. 
The  next  day  they  came  vnarmed,   with  euery  one  a 


neare  sunke 
hi  a  gust. 


Cuskara- 


Ed.byw.simmonds.-|  lib   ^     witjt  fa  firsi  supply  in  Virginia.     415 

basket,  dancing  in  a  ring,  to  draw  vs  on  shore  :  but  seeing  [1608] 
there  was  nothing  in  them  but  villany,  we  discharged  a 
volly  of  muskets  charged  with  pistoll  shot ;  whereat  they 
all  lay  tumbling  on  the  grownd,  creeping  some  one  way, 
some  another  into  a  great  cluster  of  reedeshard  by;  where 
the[i]re  companies  lay  in  Ambuscado.  Towards  the  euening 
we  wayed,  and  approaching  the  shoare,  discharging  hue 
or  six  shot  among  the  reedes.  We  landed  where  there  lay 
a  many  of  baskets  and  much  bloud,  but  saw  not  a  Salvage. 
A  smoake  appearing  on  the  other  side  the  riuer,  we  rowed 
thither,  where  we  found  two  or  three  little  houses,  in  each 
a  fire ;  there  we  left  some  peeces  of  copper,  beads,  bells, 
and  looking  glasses,  and  then  went  into  the  bay :  but 
when  it  was  darke  we  came  backe  againe. 

Early  in  [57]  the  morning  foure  Salvages  came  to  vs  in 
their  Canow,  whom  we  vsed  with  such  courtesie,  not  knowing 
what  we  were,  nor  had  done,  [they]  hauing  beene  in  the  bay 
a  fishing;  [who]  bade  vs  stay  and  ere  long  they  would 
returne,  which  they  did  and  some  twentie  more  with  them  : 
with  whom  after  a  little  conference,  two  or  three  thousand 
men  women  and  children  came  clustring  about  vs,  euery 
one  presenting  vs  with  something,  which  a  little  bead  would 
so  well  requite,  that  we  became  such  friends  they  would 
contend  who  should  fetch  vs  water,  stay  with  vs  for  hostage, 
conduct  our  men  any  whither,  and  giue  vs  the  best  content. 

Here  doth  inhabite  the  people  of  Sarapinagh,  Nause,Arseek, 
and  Nantaquak  the  best  Marchants  of  all  other  Salvages. 

They  much  extolled  a  great  nation  called  Massawomekes,  in  ™efirst 
search  of  whom  we  returned  by  Limbo  :  this  riuer  but  onely  the  M*um 
at  the  entrance  is  very  narrow,  and  the  people  of  small  W0ntek*' 
stature  as  them  of  Wightcocomoco,  the  Land  but  low,  yet 
it  may  proue  very  commodious,  because  it  is  but  a  ridge  of 
land  betwixt  the  Bay  and  the  maine  Ocean.     Finding  this 
Easterne  shore,  [to  be]  shallow  broken  Isles,  and  for  most 
part  without  fresh  water;  we  passed  by  the  straites  of  Limbo 
for  the  Westerne  shore  :  so  broad  is  the  bay  here,  we  could 
scarce  perceiue  the  great  high  clifts  on  the  other  side :  by 
them  we  Anchored  that  night  and  called  them  Riccards  Cliftes. 

30.  leagues  we  sayled  more  Northwards  not  finding  any 
inhabitants,  leauing  all  the  Easterne  shore,  lowe  Islandes, 
but  ouergrowne   with    wood,  as    all    the   Coast   beyond 


416  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,      Lib.  3.  ["  aItS™!'." 

LT.  Momford. 

[1608]  them  so  farre  as  wee  could  see:  the  Westerne  shore 
by  which  we  sayled  we  found  all  along  well  watered,  but 
very  mountanous  and  barren,  the  vallies  very  fertill,  but 
extreame  thicke  of  small  wood  so  well  as  trees,  and  much 
frequented  with  Wolues,  Beares,  Deere  and  other  wild  beasts. 
We   passed  many   shallow   creekes,  but   the   first  we 

BoiusKmer.  founcl  Nauigable  for  a  ship,  we  called  Bolus,  for  that  the 
clay  in  many  places  vnder  the  clifts  by  the  high  water 
marke,  did  grow  vp  in  red  and  white  knots  as  gum  out  of 
trees;  and  in  some  places  so  participated  together  as  though 
they  were  all  of  one  nature,  excepting  the  coulour,  the  rest 
of  the  earth  on  both  sides  being  hard  sandy  grauell,  which 
made  vs  thinke  it  Bole-Armoniack  and  Terra  sigillata. 

When  we  first  set  sayle  some  of  our  Gallants  doubted 
nothing  but  that  our  Captaine  would  make  too  much  hast[e] 
home,  but  hauing  lien  in  this  small  barge  not  aboue  12.  or 
14.  dayes,  oft  tyred  at  the  Oares,  our  bread  spoyled  with  wet 
so  much  that  it  was  rotten  (yet  so  good  were  their  stomacks 
that  they  could  disgest  it)  they  did  with  continuall  com- 
plaints so  importune  him  now  to  returne,  as  caused  him 
bespeake  them  in  this  manner  [about  14  June  1608]. 
Smiths  Gentlemen  if  you  would  remember  the  memorable  history  of 

SSd!lShls  Sir  Ralph  Layne,  how  his  company  importuned  him  to  proceed 
\p>  3M-]  1M  the  discovery  of  Moratico,  alleadging  they  had  yet  a  dog, 
that  being  boyled  with  Saxafras  leaues,  would  richly  feede  them 
in  their  returnes  ;  then  what  a  shame  would  it  be  for  you  (thai 
haue  bin  so  suspitious  of  my  tendernesse)  to  force  me  returne, 
with  so  much  provision  as  we  haue,  and  scarce  able  to  say  where 
\p.  i".]  we  haue  beetle,  nor  yet  heard  of  that  we  were  sent  to  seeke  ? 
You  cannot  say  but  I  haue  shared  with  you  in  the  worst  which 
is  past ;  and  for  what  is  to  come,  of  lodging,  dyet,  or  whatso- 
euer,  I  am  contented  you  allot  the  worst  part  to  my  selfe.  As 
for  your  feares  that  I  will  lose  my  selfe  in  these  vnknowne  large 
waters,  or  be  swallowed  vp  in  some  stormie  gust;  abandon 
these  childish  feares,  for  worse  then  is  past  is  not  likely  to 
happen  :  and  there  is  as  much  danger  to  returne  as  to  proceede. 
Regaine  therefore  your  old  spirits,  for  returne  I  will  not  {if 
God  please)  till  I  haue  seene  the  Massawomeks,  found 
Patawomek,  or  the  head  of  this  water  you  conceit  to  be 
endlesse. 


Ed.byw.simmonds.-j  LlB.  3.    with  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.     417 


Two  or  3.  dayes  we  expected  [experienced]  winde  and 
wether,  whose  aduerse  extremities  added  such  discourage- 
ment, that  three  or  foure  fell  sicke,  whose  pittifull  complaints 
caused  vs  to  to  returne,  leauing  the  bay  some  nine  miles 
broad,  at  nine  and  ten  fadome  water. 

The  16.  of  Iune  [1608],  we  fell  with  the  riuer  Patowomek  : 
fearejbeing  gone,  and  our  men  recovered,  we  were  all  content 
to  take  some  paines,  to  know  the  name  of  that  seuen  mile 
broad  riuer.  For  thirtie  myles  sayle,  we  could  see  no 
inhabitants  :  then  we  were  conducted  by  two  Savages  vp  a 
little  bayed  creeke,  towards  Onawmanient,  where  all  the 
woods  were  layd  with  ambuscado's  to  the  number  of  three 
or  foure  thousand  Salvages,  so  strangely  paynted,  grimed 
and  disguised,  shouting,  yelling  and  crying  [58]  as  so  many 
spirits  from  hell  could  not  haue  shewed  more  terrible. 

Many  brauado's  they  made,  but  to  appease  their  fury, 
our  Captaine  prepared  with  as  seeming  a  willingnesse 
(as  they)  to  incounter  them.  But  the  grazing  of  our 
bullets  vpon  the  water  (many  being  shot  on  purpose  they 
might  see  them)  with  the  Ecc[h]o  of  the  woods  so  amazed 
them,  as  downe  went  their  bowes  and  arrowes ;  (and  ex- 
changing hostage)  lames  Watkins  was  sent  six  myles  vp  the 
woods  to  their  Kings  habitation.  We  were  kindly  vsed  of 
those  Salvages,  of  whom  we  vnderstood,  they  were  com- 
manded to  betray  vs,  by  the  direction  of  Powhatan ;  and  he 
so  directed  from  the  discontents  [discontented]  at  lames 
towne,  because  our  Captaine  did  cause  them  stay  in  their 
country  against  their  wills. 

The  like  incounters  we  found  at  Patowomek,  Cecocawonee 
and  diuers  other  places  :  but  at  Moyaones,  Nacotchtant  and 
Toags  the  people  did  their  best  to  content  vs. 

Hauing  gone  so  high  as  we  could  with  the  bo[a]te,  we 
met  diuers  Saluages  in  Canowes,  well  loaden  with  the  flesh 
of  Beares,  Deere  and  other  beasts;  whereof  we  had  part. 
Here  we  found  mighty  Rocks,  growing  in  some  places  aboue 
the  grownd  as  high  as  the  shrubby  trees,  and  diuers  other 
solid  quarries  of  diuers  tinctures  :  and  diuers  places  where 
the  waters  had  falne  from  the  high  mountaines  they  had 
left  a  tinctured  spangled  skurfe,  that  made  many  bare 
places  seeme  as  guilded.  Digging  the  grown [d]e  aboue  in 
the  highest  clifts  of  rocks,  we  saw  it  was  a  claie  sand  so 

27 


[1608] 


The  dis- 
couery  of 
Pata- 
womek. 


Ambus- 
cadoes  of 
Salvages. 


A  trecher- 
ous  proiect 


IP-  "3-1 


418  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,      Lib.  3.  ["  a'.tSSu! 

LT.  Momford. 

[1608]  mingled  with  yeallow  spangles  as  if  it  had  beene  halfe 
pindust. 

In  our  returne  inquiring  still  for  this  Matchqueon,  the 
king  of  Patawomeke  gaue  vs  guides  to  conduct  vs  vp  a  little 
riuer  called  Quiyough,  vp  which  we  rowed  so  high  as 
we  could  [p.  424].  Leauing  the  bo[a]te  ;  with  six  shot  and 
diuers  Salvages,  he  marched  seuen  or  eight  myle  before  they 
came  to  the  mine  :  leading  his  hostages  in  a  small  chaine 
they  were  to  haue  for  their  paines,  being  proud  so  richly 
to  be  adorned. 

Amyndike      The  mine  is  a  great  Rocky  mountaine  like  Antimony  ; 

Anthony.  wnerein  tnev  digged  a  great  hole  with  shells  and  hatchets  : 
and  hard  by  it,  runneth  a  fayre  brooke  of  Christal-like  water, 
where  they  wash  away  the  drosse  and  keepe  the  remainder, 
which  they  put  in  little  baggs  and  sell  it  all  ouerthe  coun- 
try to  paint  the[i]re  bodyes,  faces,  or  Idols;  which  makes 
them  looke  like  Blackmores  dusted  over  with  siluer.  With 
so  much  as  we  could  carry  we  returned  to  our  bo[a]te,  kindly 
requiting  this  kinde  king  and  all  his  kinde  people. 

The  cause  of  this  discovery  was  to  search  [for]  this 
mine,  of  which  Newport  did  assure  vs  that  those  small 
baggs  (we  had  giuen  him),  in  England  he  had  tryed  to 
hold  halfe  siluer  ;  but  all  we  got  proued  of  no  value  :  also 
to  search  what  furrs,  the  best  whereof  is  at  Cuscarawaoke, 
where  is  made  so  much  Rawranokc  or  white  beads  that 
occasion  as  much  dissention  among  the  Salvages,  as 
gold  and  siluer  amongst  Christians ;  and  what  other 
mineralls,  riuers,  rocks,  nations,  woods,  fishings,  fruites, 
victuall,  and  what  other  commodities  the  land  afforded  : 
and  whether  the  bay  were  endlesse  or  how  farre  it  extended. 
Of  mines  we  were  all  ignorant,  but  a  few  Beuers,  Otters, 
Beares,  Martins  and  minkes  [skins]  we  found,  and  in  diuers 
places  that  aboundance  of  fish,  lying  so  thicke  with 
their  heads  aboue  the  water,  as  for  want  of  nets  (our  barge 
driuing  amongst  them)  we  attempted  to  catch  them  with 

Anaboun-     a  frying  pan  :  but  we  found  it  a  bad  instrument  to  catch 

d*nt  plenty  fish  witn :  neither  better  fish,  more  plenty,  nor  more 
variety  for  smal  fish,  had  any  of  vs  euerseene  in  anyplace 
so  swimming  in  the  water,  but  they  are  not  to  be  caught 
with  frying  pans.  Some  small  codd  also  we  did  see  swim 
close  by  the  shore  by  Smiths  lies,  and  some  as  high  as 


Ed.byw.simmonds.-]  lib  3.    with  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.    419 

Riccards  Clifts.     And  some  we  haue  found  dead  vpon  the      [1608] 
shore. 

To  express  all  our  quarrels,  trecheries  and  incounters  \p.  n3.] 
amongst  those  Salvages  I  should  be  too  tedious:  but  in  Howto 
breefe,  at  all  times  we  so  incountred  them,  and  curbed  theLT-'1 
their  insolencies,  that  they  concluded   with  presents  to  vages* 
purchase  peace ;  yet  we  lost  not  a  man  :  at  our  first  meet- 
ing our  Captaine  euer  observed  this  order,  to  demand  their 
bowes  and  arrowes,  swordes,    mantells   and   furrs,  with 
some  childe  or  two  for  hostage,  whereby  we  could  quickly 
perceiue,  when  they  intended  any  villany. 

Hauing  finished  this  discouery  (though  our  victuall  was 
neere  spent)  he  intended  to  see  his  imprisonment-acquaint- 
ances vpon  the  riuer  of  Rapahanock,  by  [59]  many  called 
Toppahanock,  but  our  bo[a]te  by  reason  of  the  ebbe,  chansing 
to  grownd  vpon  a  many  shoules  lying  in  the  entrances,  we 
spyed  many  fishes  lurking  in  the  reedes  :  our  Captaine 
sporting  himselfe  by  nayling  them  to  the  grownd  with  his 
sword,  set  vs  all  a  fishing  in  that  manner  :  thus  we  tooke 
more  in  one  houre  then  we  could  eate  in  a  day. 

But  it  chansed  our  Captaine  taking  a  fish  from  his  sword  £A  »*1 
(not  knowing  her  condition)  being  much  of  the  fashion  of  §£3?™^ 
a  Thornback,  but  a  long  tayle  like  a  ryding  rodde,  whereon  killc<*  w"h 
the  middest  is  a  most  poysoned  sting,  of  two  or  three 
inches  long,  bearded  like  a  saw  on  each  side,  which  she 
strucke  into  the  wrest  of  his  arme  neere  an  inch  and  a 
halfe  :  no  bloud  nor  wound  was  seene,  but  a  little  blew 
spot,  but  the  torment  was  instantly  so  extreame,  that  in 
foure  houres  had  so  swolen  his  hand,  arme  and  shoulder, 
we  all  with  much  sorrow  concluded  [anticipated]  his  funerall, 
and  prepared  his  graueinan  Island  by,  as  himselfe  directed  : 
yet  it  pleased  God  by  a  precious  oyle  Docter  Russell  at  the 
first  applyed  to  it  when  he  sounded  it  with  probe,  (ere  night) 
his  tormenting  paine  was  so  well  asswaged  that  he  eate  of 
the  fish  to  his  supper,  which  gaue  no  lesse  ioy  and  content 
to  vs  then  ease  to  himselfe.  For  which  we  called  the 
Island  Stingray  Isle  after  the  name  of  the  fish. 

Hauing  neither  Chirurgian  nor  Chirurgery  but  that  pre- 
seruatiue  oyle,  we  presently  set  sayles  for  lames  towne, 
passing  the  mouthes  of  the  riuers  of  Payankatank,  and 
Pantavnkee,  the  next  day  we  safely  arriued  at  Kecougtan. 


420  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,      Lib.  3.  ["  ^;?Jdsskf1! 

LT.  Momford. 

[1608]  The  simple  Salvages  seeing  our  Captaine  hurt,  and  an 

^e  other  bloudy  by  breaking  his  shinne,  our  numbers  of  bowes, 

affrighted  arrowes,  swords,  mantles,  and  furrs,  would  needes  imagine 
ownetheir  we  had  beene  at  warres  (the  truth  of  these  accidents  would 
suspition.  not  satisfie  them)  but  impatiently  importuned  vs  to  know 
with  whom.  Finding  their  aptnesse  to  beleeue,  we  fayled 
not  (as  a  great  secret)  to  tell  them  any  thing  that  might 
affright  them,  what  spoyle  we  had  got  and  made  of  the 
Massawomeks.  This  rumor  went  faster  vp  the  river  then 
our  Barge,  that  arrived  at  Waraskoyack  the  20  of  Iuly ; 
where  trimming  her  with  painted  streamers,  and  such  de- 
vises as  we  could,  we  made  them  at  lames  towne  iealous 
of  a  Spanish  Frigot,  where  we  all,  God  be  thanked,  safely 
arrived  the  21  of  Iuly. 

Necdiesse         There  we  found  the  last  Supply  were  all  sicke;  the  rest 
™««a       some  lame,  some   bruised:  all  vnable  to  doe  any  thing 
towne.         ku^  compiaine  0f  the  pride  and  vnreasonable    needlesse 
crueltie  of  the  silly  President,  that  had  riotously  consumed 
the  store :  and  to  fulfill  his  follies  about  building  him  an 
vnnecessary  building  for  his  pleasure  in  the  woods,  had 
brought  them  all  to  that  misery ;  that  had  we  not  arrived, 
they  had  as  strangely  tormented  him  with  revenge. 
[/.  115]  But  the  good  newes  of  our  Discovery,  and  the  good  hope 

we  had  by  the  Salvages  relation,  that  our  Bay  had  stretched 
into  the  South  Sea,  or  somewhat  neare  it,  appeased  their 
fury;  but  conditionally  that  Rat[c]liffe  should  be  deposed, 
and  that  Captaine  Smith  would  take  vpon  him  the  govern- 
ment, as  by  course  it  did  belong. 

Their  request  being  effected,  he  substituted  Master 
Scrivener  his  deare  friend  in  the  Presidency,  equally 
distributing  those  private  provisions  the  other  [Ratcliffe] 
had  ingrossed,  appointing  more  honest  officers  to  assist 
master  Scrivener  (who  then  lay  exceeding  sicke  of  a 
Callenture) :  and  in  regard  of  the  weaknesse  of  the 
company,  and  heate  of  the  yeare,  they  being  vnable  to 
worke,  he  left  them  to  Hue  at  ease,  to  recover  theii 
healths ;  but  imbarked  himselfe  to  finish  his  Discovery. 

Written  by  Walter  Russell,  Anas  Todkill, 
and  Thomas  Mumford. 


Ed.  by  w.  sunmondsj  lib#  3.    with  the  fir st  supply  in  Virginia.    421 


CHAPTER    VI. 

The  Government  surrendred  to  Master 
Scrivener. 

What  happened  the   second  Voyage  in  discovering 
the  Bay. 

§*|He  24  of  Iuly  [1608],  CaptaineSwn^  set  forward      [1608] 
-   to  finish  the  discovery  with  twelue  men :  their  [>.  «6.j 
names  were  [60] 


Souldiers. 


Salvages 

admire 

fireworkes. 


Nathaniell  Powell.  \    .  Ionas  Profit. 

Thomas  Momford.  v  Anas  Todkill. 

Richard  Fetherston.  I  §  Edward  Pising. 

Mich[a]ell  Sicklemore.  j+3  Richard  Keale. 

lames  Bourne.  <o  lames  Watkins. 

Anthony  B agnail,  Chir.  J®  William  Ward. 

The  wind  being  contrary,  caused  our  stay  two  or  three 
days  at  Kecoughtan :  the  King  feasted  vs  with  much  mirth, 
his  people  were  perswaded  we  went  purposely  to  be 
revenged  of  the  Massawomeks.  In  the  evening  we  fired  a  The 
few  rackets,  which  flying  in  the  ayre  so  terrified  the  poore 
Salvages,  they  supposed  nothing  vnpossible  we  attempted ; 
and  desired  to  assist  vs. 

The  first  night  we  anchored  at  Stingray  Isle.  The  next 
day  crossed  Patawomeks  river,  and  hasted  to  the  river  Bolus. 

We  went  not  much  further  before  we  might  see  the 
Bay  to  divide  in  two  heads,  and  arriving  there  we  found 
it  divided  in  foure,  all  which  we  searched  so  farre  as  we 
could  sayle  them. 

Two  of  them  we  found  [vn]inhabited,  but  in  crossing  the 
Bay,  we  incountred  7  or  8  Canowes  full  of  Massawomeks.   [/.  117) 

We  seeing  them  prepare  to  assault  vs,  left  our  Oares  and  An  incoun- 
made  way  with  our  sayle  to  incounter  them,  yet  were  we  Jiie 
but  fiue  with  our  Captaine  that  could  stand,  for  within  2  Softie 
dayes  after  we  left  Kecoughtan,  the  rest  (being  all  of  the  last  Bay. 
supply)  were  sicke  almost  to  death,  vntill  they  were  seasoned 
to  the  Country.    Having  shut  them  vnder  our  Tarpawling, 
we  put  their  hats  vpon  stickes  by  the  Barges  side,  and 


422  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,      Lib.  3.  |~  njpSS 

L  A.  TodkflL 

[1608]  betwixt  two  hats  a  man  with  two  peeces,  to  make  vs  seeme 
many  :  and  so  we  thinke  the  Indians  supposed  those  hats  to 
be  men,  for  they  fled  with  all  possible  speed  to  the  shore, 
and  there  stayed,  staring  at  the  sayling  of  our  barge  till  we 
anchored  right  against  them. 

Long  it  was  ere  we  could  draw  them  to  come  vnto  vs. 
At  last  they  sent  two  of  their  company  vnarmed  in  a  Canow, 
the  rest  all  followed  to  second  them  if  neede  required. 
These  two  being  but  each  presented  with  a  bell,  brought 
aboord  all  their  fellowes,  presenting  our  Captaine  with 
venison,  beares  flesh,  fish,  bowes,  arrowes,  clubs,  targets, 
and  beares-skinnes. 

We  vndertood  them  nothing  at  all,  but  by  signes, 
whereby  they  signified  vnto  vs  they  had  beene  at  warres 
with  the  Tockwoghes,  the  which  they  confirmed  by  shewing 
vs  their  greene  wounds. 

But  the  night  parting  vs,  we  imagined  they  appointed  the 

next  morning  to  meete;  but  after  that  we  never  saw  them. 

An  Entring  the  river  of  Tockwogh,  the  Salvages  all  armed, 

llthX"     in  a  fleete  of  boats,  after  their  barbarous  manner,  round 

Tockwhoghs.  invironeci  us  ;  s0  it  chanced  one  of  them  could  speake  the 

language  of  Powhatan,  who  perswaded  the  rest  to  a  friendly 

parley.     But  when  they  saw  vs  furnished  with  the  Massa- 

womcks  weapons,  and  we  faining  the  invention  of  Kecoughtan, 

to  haue  taken  them  perforce ;  they  conducted  vs  to  their 

pallizadoed  towne,  mantelled  with  the  barkes  of  trees,  with 

scaffolds   like    mounts,    brested    about    with  brests   very 

formally.    Their  men,  women,  and  children  with  daunces, 

songs,  fruits,  furres,  and  what  they  had,  kindly  welcommed 

vs,  spreading  mats  for  vs  to  sit  on,  [and]  stretching  their 

best  abilities  to  expresse  their  loues. 

[/.  us.]  Many  hatchets,  kniues,  peeces  of  iron,  and  brasse,  we 

Hatchets      saw  amongst  them,  which  they  reported  to  haue  from  the 

s™f!«sa-     Sasquesahanocks,  a  mightie  people  and  mortall  enemies  with 

hatwtkn.      the  Massawomeks. 

The  Sasquesahanocks  inhabit  vpon  the  chiefe  Spring  of 
these  foure  branches  of  the  Bayes  head,  two  dayes  iourney 
higher  then  our  barge  could  passe  for  rocks ;  yet  we 
prevailed  with  the  Interpreter  to  take  with  him  another 
Interpreter,  to  perswade  the  Sasquesahanocks  to  come  visit 
vs,  for  their  language[s]  are  different. 


Ed.byw.simmonds.-j  lib   ^     w^  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.    423 

Three  or  foure  dayes  we  expected  their  returne,  then  [1608] 
sixtie  of  those  gyant-like  people  came  downe,  with  presents 
of  Venison,  Tobacco-pipes  three  foot  in  length,  Baskets, 
Targets,  Bowes  and  Arrowes.  Fiue  of  their  chiefe  Wero- 
wances  came  boldly  aboord  vs  to  crosse  the  Bay  for 
Tockwhogh,  leaving  their  men  and  Canowes ;  the  wind 
being  so  high  they  durst  not  passe. 

Our  order  was  daily  to  haue  Prayer,  with  a  Psalme ;  at 
which  solemnitie  the  poore  Salvages  much  wondred,  our 
Prayers  being  done,  a  while  they  were  busied  with  a  con- 
sultation till  they  had  contrived  their  businesse.  Then  they 
began  in  a  most  passionate  [61]  manner  to  hold  vp  their 
hands  to  the  Sunne,with  a  most  fearefull  song,  then  imbrac- 
ing  our  Captaine,  they  began  to  adore  him  in  like  manner  ; 
though  he  rebuked  them,  yet  they  proceeded  till  their  song 
was  finished!:1,  which  done  [one]  with  a  most  strange  furious 
action,  and  a  hellish  voyce,  began  an  Oration  of  their  loues. 

That   ended,  with   a  great   painted   Beares   skin  they  i^sasgue- 
covered   him :    then   one   ready  with  a  great   chayne  of  %b£ tf£e 
white  Beads,  weighing  at  least  six  or  seaven  pound,  hung  EneUtK- 
it  about  his  necke,  the  others  had  18  mantels,  made  of 
divers  sorts  of  skinnes   sowed   together ;  all   these  with 
many  other  toyes  they  layd  at  his  feete,  stroking  their 
ceremonious  hands  about  his  necke  for  his  Creation  to  be 
their   Governour   and   Protector,  promising  their  aydes, 
victualls,  or  what  they  had  to  be  his,  if  he  would  stay  with 
them,  to  defend  and  revenge  them  of  the  Massawomeks. 

But  we  left  them  at  Tockwhogh,  sorrowing  for  our  depar- 
ture ;  yet  we  promised  the  next  yeare  againe  to  visit  them. 

Many  descriptions  and  discourses  they  made  vs,  of 
A  tquanachuck,  Massawomek,  and  other  people,  signifying  they  \p.  119.] 
inhabit  vpon  a  great  water  beyond  the  mountaines,  which 
we  vnderstood  to  be  some  great  lake,  or  the  river  of 
Canada  :  and  from  the  French  to  haue  their  hatchets  and 
Commodities  by  trade.  These  know  no  more  of  the  terri- 
tories of  Powhatan,  then  his  name,  and  he  as  little  of  them: 
but  the  Atquanachuks  are  on  the  Ocean  Sea. 

The  highest  mountaine  we  saw  Northward  wee  called 
Perigrines  mount,  and  a  rocky  river,  where  the  Massa- 
womeks went  vp,  Willowbyes  river,  in  honor  of  the  towne 
our  Captaine  was  borne  in,  and  that  honorable  house  the 


424 
[1608] 


Pawtuxunt, 
R. 

[>•  "9-1 


Rapaha- 
nock.  R. 


The 

exceeding 
loue  of  the 
Salvage 
Motca. 


itP-  "9-4»9i 
426.] 

Our  fijjht 
with  the 
Rapaha- 
necks. 


The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,      Lib.  3.  |"  nSKS 

L  A.  Todlcill. 

Lord  Willowby,  his  most  honored  good  friend.  The 
Sasquesahanocks  river  we  called  SW//zsfalles;  the  next  poynt 
to  Tockwhogh,  Pisings  poynt ;  the  next  [to]  it  poynt  Bourne, 
Powells  Isles  and  Smals  poynt  is  by  the  river  Bolus ;  and 
the  little  Bay  at  the  head  Profits  poole  ;  Watkins,  Reads, 
and  Momfords  poynts  are  on  each  side  Limbo ;  Ward, 
Cantrell,  and  Sicklemore  [points],  betwixt  Patawomek  and 
Pamavnkee,  after  the  names  of  the  discoverers. 

In  all  those  places  and  the  furthest  we  came  vp  the 
rivers,  we  cut  in  trees  so  many  crosses  as  we  would,  and 
in  many  places  made  holes  in  trees,  wherein  we  writ  notes  : 
and  in  some  places  crosses  of  brasse,  to  signifie  to  any, 
Englishmen  had  beene  there. 

Thus  having  sought  all  the  inlets  and  rivers  worth 
noting,  we  returned  to  discover  the  river  of  Pawtuxunt ; 
these  people  we  found  very  tractable,  and  more  civill  then 
any:  we  promised  them,  as  also  the  Patawomeks  to  revenge 
them  of  the  Massawomeks,  but  our  purposes  were  crossed. 

In  the  discovery  of  this  river  [that]  some  call  Rapahanock, 
we  were  kindly  entertained  by  the  people  of  Moraughtacund. 

Here  we  incountered  our  old  friend  Mosco,  a  lusty  Salvage 
of  Wighcocomoco  vpon  the  river  of  Patawomek.  We  supposed 
him  some  French  mans  sonne,  because  he  had  a  thicke 
blacke  bush  beard,  and  the  Salvages  seldome  haue  any  at 
all ;  of  which  he  was  not  a  little  proud,  to  see  so  many  of 
his  Countrymen.  Wood  and  water  he  would  fetch  vs, 
guide  vs  any  whether,  nay,  cause  divers  of  his  Countrymen 
helpe  vs  [to]  towe  against  winde  or  tyde  from  place  to  place 
till  we  came  to  Patawomek  :  there  he  rested  till  we  returned 
from  the  head  of  the  river,  and  occasioned  our  conduct  to 
the  mine  we  supposed  Antimony  [p.  418]. 

And  in  the  place  he  fayled  not  to  doe  vs  all  the  good  he 
could,  perswading  vs  in  any  case  not  to  goe  to  the  Rapahanocks, 
for  they  would  kill  vs  for  being  friends  with  the  Moraught- 
acunds  that  but  lately  had  stolne  three  of  the  Kings  women. 

This  we  did  thinke  was  but  that  his  friends  might  onely 
haue  our  trade  :  so  we  crossed  the  river  to  the  Rapahanocks. 
There  some  12  or  16  standingon  the  shore, directed  vs  [to]  a 
little  Creeke  where  was  good  landing,  and  Commodities  for 
vs  in  three  or  foure  Canowes  we  saw  lie  there :  but  according 
to  our  custome,  we  demanded  to  exchange  a  man  in  signe  of 


Ed.byw.sunmonds.-|  lib<  3.    w{th  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.    425 

loue ;  which  after  they  had  a  little  consulted,  foure  or  fiue  [1608] 
came  vp  to  the  middles,  to  fetch  our  man,  and  leaue  vs 
one  of  them,  shewing  we  need  not  feare  them,  for  they  had 
neither  clubs,  bowes,  nor  arrowes.  Notwithstanding,  A nas 
Todkill,  being  sent  on  shore  to  see  if  he  could  discover  any 
Ambuscadoes,  or  what  they  had,  desired  to  goe  over  the 
playne  to  fetch  some  wood ;  but  they  were  vnwilling,  except 
we  would  come  into  the  Creeke,  where  the  boat  might 
come  close  ashore.  Todkill  by  degrees  [62]  having  got  some 
two  stones  throwes  vp  the  playne,  perceived  two  or  three 
hundred  men  (as  he  thought)  behind  the  trees ;  so  that 
offering  to  returne  to  the  Boat,  the  Salvages  assayed  to 
carry  him  away  perforce,  that  he  called  to  vs  we  were 
betrayed  :  and  by  that  he  had  spoke  the  word,  our  hostage 
was  over-boord,  but  Watkins  his  keeper  slew  him  in  the 
water.  Immediatly  we  let  fly  amongst  them,  so  that  they 
fled,  and  Todkill  escaped ;  yet  they  shot  so  fast  that  he  fell 
flat  on  the  ground  ere  he  could  recover  the  boat. 

Here  the  Massawomek  Targets  stood  vs  in  good  stead,  for 
vpon  Mosco's  words,  we  had  set  them  about  the  forepart  of 
our  Boat  like  a  forecastle ;  from  whence  we  securely  beat 
the  Salvages  from  off  the  plaine  without  any  hurt:  yet  they 
shot  more  then  a  thousand  Arrowes,  and  then  fled  into 
the  woods.  Arming  our  selues  with  these  light  Targets 
(which  are  made  of  little  small  sticks  woven  betwixt  strings 
of  their  hempe  and  silke  grasse,  as  is  our  Cloth,  but 
so  firmely  that  no  arrow  can  possibly  pierce  them :)  we 
rescued  Todkill ;  who  was  all  bloudy  by  [from]  some  of  them 
who  were  shot  by  vs  that  held  him,  but  as  God  pleased  he 
had  no  hurt :  and  following  them  vp  to  the  woods,  we  found 
some  slaine,  and  in  divers  places  much  bloud.  It  seems  all 
their  arrowes  were  spent,  for  we  heard  no  more  of  them. 

Their  Canows  we  tooke ;  the  arrowes  we  found  we 
broke,  saue  them  we  kept  for  Mosco,  to  whom  we  gaue  the 
Canowes  for  his  kindnesse,  that  entertained  vs  in  the  best 
trivmphing  manner,  and  warlike  order  in  armes  of  conquest 
he  could  procure  of  the  Moraughtacunds.  The  rest  of  the 
day  we  spent  in  accomodating  our  Boat,  in  stead  of  thoules 
wee  made  stickes  like  Bedstaues,  to  which  we  fastened  so 
many  of  our  Massawomek  Targets,  that  invironed  her  as 
wa[i]st  clothes. 


426 
[1608] 


l/A  "9.  4'9. 

424-J 

The 

Salvages 

disguised 

like  bushes 

fight. 


I/.  119.] 


Our  fight 
with  the 
Mana- 
haacks. 


The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,      Lib.  3.  f^BpSJell 

L  A.Todkilll 

The  next  morning  we  went  vp  the  river,  and  our  friend 
Mosco  followed  vs  along  the  shore,  and  at  last  desired  to 
goe  with  vs  in  our  Boat.  But  as  we  passed  by  Pisacack, 
Matchopeak,  and  Mecuppom,  three  Townes  situated  vpon 
high  white  clay  clifts ;  the  other  side  all  a  low  playne 
marish,  and  the  river  there  but  narrow.  Thirtie  or  fortie 
of  the  Rapahanocks  had  so  accommodated  themselues  with 
branches,  as  we  tooke  them  for  little  bushes  growing  among 
the  sedge,  till  seeing  their  arrowes  strike  the  Targets,  and 
dropped  in  the  river  :  whereat  Mosco  fell  flat  in  the  Boat  on 
his  face,  crying  the  Rapahanocks,  which  presently  we  espied 
to  be  the  bushes,  which  at  our  first  volley  fell  downe  in 
the  sedge  :  when  wee  were  neare  halfe  a  myle  from  them, 
they  shewed  themselues  dauncing  and  singing  very  merrily. 

The  Kings  of  Pissassack,  Nandtaughtacund,  and  Cuttata- 
women,  vsed  vs  kindly,  and  all  their  people  neglected  not 
any  thing  to  Mosco  to  bring  vs  to  them. 

Betwixt  Secobeck  and  Massawtcck  is  a  small  Isle  or  two, 
which  causeth  the  river  to  be  broader  then  ordinary;  there 
it  pleased  God  to  take  one  of  our  Company  called  Master 
Fetherstone,  that  all  the  time  he  had  beene  in  this  Country, 
had  behaved  himselfe,  honestly,  valiantly,  and  industriously ; 
where  in  a  little  Bay  we  called  Fetherstones  Bay  wee  buryed 
him  with  a  volley  of  shot :  the  rest  notwithstanding  their 
ill  dyet,  and  bad  lodging,  crowded  in  so  small  a  Barge,  in 
so  many  dangers,  never  resting,  but  alwayes  tossed  to  and 
againe,  had  all  well  recovered  their  healths. 

The  next  day  wee  sayled  so  high  as  our  Boat  would 
float ;  there  setting  vp  crosses,  and  graving  our  names  in 
the  trees.  Our  Sentinell  saw  an  arrow  fall  by  him  ; 
though  we  had  ranged  vp  and  downe  more  then  an  houre, 
in  digging  in  the  earth,  looking  of  stones,  herbs,  and 
springs,  not  seeing  where  a  Salvage  could  well  hide  himselfe. 

Vpon  the  alarum,  by  that  we  had  recovered  our  armes, 
there  was  about  an  hundred  nimble  Indians  skipping  from 
tree  to  tree,  letting  fly  their  arrows  so  fast  as  they  could  : 
the  trees  here  served  vs  for  Baricadoes  as  well  as  they. 
But  Mosco  did  vs  more  service  then  we  expected;  for 
having  shot  away  his  quiver  of  Arrowes,  he  ran  to  the 
Boat  for  more.  The  Arrowes  of  Mosco  at  the  first  made 
them  pause  vpon  the  matter,  thinking  by  his  bruit  and 


Ed.  by  w.  simmonds.j  lib   ^    w^  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.     427 

skipping,   there   were   many   Salvages.     About  halfe   an      [1608] 
houre  this  continued,  then  they  all  vanished  as  suddainly 
as  they  approached.     Mosco  followed  them  so  farre  as  he 
could  see  vs,  till  they  were  out  of  sight.     As  we  returned  a  Salvage 
there  lay  a  Salvage  as  dead,  shot  in  the  knee  ;  but  taking  j£enand 
him  vp  we  found  he  had  [63J  life :  which  Mosco  seeing,  prisoner. 
never  was  Dog  more  furious  against  a  Beare,  then  Mosco 
was  to  haue  beat  out  his  braines.     So  we  had  him  to  our 
Boat,  where  our  Chirurgian  [A .  Bagnall]  who  went  with  vs 
to  cure  our  Captaines  hurt  of  the  Stingray,  so  dressed  this 
Salvage  that  within  an  houre  after  he  looked  somewhat 
chearefully,  and  did  eate  and  speake.  In  the  meane  time  we 
contented  Mosco  in  helping  him  to  gather  vp  their  arrowes, 
which  were  an  armefull ;  whereof  he  gloried  not  a  little. 

Then  we  desired  Mosco  to  know  what  he  was,  and  what 
Countries  were  beyond  the  mountaines  ;  the  poore  Salvage 
mildly  answered,  he  and  all  with  him  were  of  Hassininga, 
where  there  are  three  Kings  more,  like  vnto  them,  namely 
the  King  of  Stegora,  the  King  of  Tauxuntania,  and  the 
King  of  Shakahonea,  that  were  come  to  Mohaskahod,  which 
is  onely  a  hunting  Towne,  and  the  bounds  betwixt  the 
Kingdome  of  the  Mannahocks  and  the  Nandtaughtacunds, 
but  hard  by  where  we  were. 

We  demanded  why  they  came  in  that  manner  to  betray 
vs,  that  came  to  them  in  peace,  and  to  seeke  their  loues  ; 
he  answered,  they  heard  we  were  a  people  come  from 
vnder  the  world,  to  take  their  world  from  them. 

We    asked   him   how   many  worlds   he   did   know,  he 
replyed,  he  knew  no  more  but  that  which  was  vnder  the 
skie   that  covered  him,  which  were  the  Powhatans,  with  His  relation 
the  Monacans  and  the  Massawomeks  that  were  higher  vp  countries. 
in  the  mountaines. 

Then  we  asked  him  what  was  beyond  the  mountaines, 
he  answered  the  Sunne :  but  of  any  thing  els  he  knew 
nothing ;  ^because  the  woods  were  not  burnt.  •  They 

These  and  many  such  questions  wee  demanded,  concern-  SSSibut 
ing  the  Massawomeks,  the  Monacans,  their  owne  Country,  ^dslre 
and  where  were  the  Kings  of  Stegora,  Tauxsintania,   and  burnt, 
the  rest.     The  Monacans  he  sayd  were  their  neighbours 
and  friends,  and  did  dwell  as  they  in  the  hilly  Countries 
by  small  rivers,  liuing  vpon  rootes  and  fruits,  but  chiefly 


428  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,      Lib.  3.  ["VpSS 

L  A.  TodkilL 

[1608]  by  hunting.  The  Massawomeks  did  dwell  vpon  a  great 
water,  and  had  many  boats,  and  so  many  men  that  they 
made  warre  with  all  the  world.  For  their  Kings,  they 
were  gone  every  one  a  severall  way  with  their  men  on 
hunting.  But  those  with  him  came  thither  a  fishing  till 
they  saw  vs,  notwithstanding  they  would  be  al[l]  together 
at  night  at  Mahaskahod. 

For  his  relation  we  gaue  him  many  toyes,  with  per- 
swasions  to  goe  with  vs :  and  he  as  earnestly  desired  vs 
to  stay  the  comming  of  those  Kings  that  for  his  good 
vsage  should  be  friends  with  vs,  for  he  was  brother  to 
Hassininga.  But  Mosco  advised  vs  presently  to  be  gone, 
for  they  were  all  naught ;  yet  we  told  him  we  would  not 
till  it  was  night.  All  things  we  made  ready  to  entertain 
what  came,  and  Mosco  was  as  diligent  in  trimming  his 
arrowes. 

The  night  being  come  we  all  imbarked;  for  the  riuer 
was  so  narrow,  had  it  beene  light  the  land  on  the  one 
side  was  so  high,  they  might  haue  done  vs  exceeding 
much  mischiefe.  All  this  while  the  K[ing],  of  Hassininga 
was  seeking  the  rest,  and  had  consultation  a  good  time 
what  to  doe.  But  by  their  espies  seeing  we  were  gone, 
it  was  not  long  before  we  heard  their  arrowes  dropping  on 
every  side  the  Boat ;  we  caused  our  Salvages  to  call  vnto 
them,  but  such  a  yelling  and  hallowing  they  made  that  they 
heard  nothing,  but  now  and  then  [we  shot  off]  a  peece, 
ayming  so  neare  as  we  could  where  we  heard  the  most 
voyces.  More  then  12  myles  they  followed  vs  in  this 
manner ;  then  the  day  appearing,  we  found  our  selues  in 
a  broad  Bay,  out  of  danger  of  their  shot,  where  wee  came 
to  an  anchor,  and  fell  to  breakfast.  Not  so  much  as  speaking 
to  them  till  the  Sunne  was  risen. 

Being  well  refreshed,  we  vntyed  our  Targets  that  couered 
vs  as  a  Deck,  and  all  shewed  our  selues  with  those  shields 
on  our  armes,  and  swords  in  ourhands,  and  also  our  prisoner 
Amoroleck.  A  long  discourse  there  was  betwixt  his  Coun- 
trimen  and  him,  how  good  wee  were,  how  well  wee  vsed 
him,  how  wee  had  a  Patawomek  with  vs,  [who]  loued  vs  as 
his  life,  that  would  haue  slaine  him  had  we  not  preserued 
him,  and  that  he  should  haue  his  libertie  would  they  be 
but  friends;  and  to  doe  vs  any  hurt  it  was  impossible. 


Ed.  by  w.  simmonds.-j  lib.  ^     wjf£  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.     429 

Vpon  this  they  all  hung  their  Bowes  and  Quivers  vpon      [1608] 
the  trees,  and  one  came  swimming  aboord  vs  with  a  Bow  How  we 
tyed  on  his  head,  and  another  with  a  Quiver  of  Arrowes,  JS^Sh 
which  they  deliuered  our  Captaine  as  a  present :  the  Cap-  Jjjk^ 
taine  hauing  vsed  them  so  kindly  as  he  could,  told  them  Monahoke. 
the  other  three  Kings  should  doe  the  like,  and  then  the 
great  King  of  our  world  should  be   their  friend ;  whose 
men  we  were.     It  was  no  sooner  demanded  but  performed, 
so  [64]  vpon  a  low  Moorish  poynt  of  Land  we  went  to 
the  shore,  where  those   foure    Kings  came  and  receiued 
Amoroleck  :  nothing  they  had  but  Bowes,  Arrowes,  Tobacco- 
bags,  and  Pipes :  what  we  desired,  none  refused  to  giue 
vs,  wondering  at  every  thing  we  had,  and  heard  we  had 
done  :  our  Pistols  they  tooke  for  pipes,  which  they  much 
desired,  but  we  did  content  them  with  other  Commodities. 
And   so   we    left   foure   or  flue    hundred    of  our  merry 
Mannahocks,  singing,  dauncing,  and  making  merry,  and 
set  sayle  for  Moraughtacund. 

In  our  returnes  we  visited  all  our  friends,  that  reioyced  J^J* 
much  at  our  Victory  against  the  Mannahocks,  who  many  frj«ids  with 
times  had  Warres  also  with  them,  but  now  they  were  wf' 
friends;  and  desired  we  would  be  friends  with  the  Rapa- 
hanocks,  as  we  were  with  the  Mannahocks.  Our  Captaine 
told  them,  they  had  twise  assaulted  him  that  came  onely 
in  loue  to  doe  them  good,  and  therefore  he  would  now 
burne  all  their  houses,  destroy  their  corne,  and  for  euer 
hold  them  his  enemies,  till  they  made  him  satisfaction. 
They  desired  to  know  what  that  should  be.  He  told  them 
they  should  present  him  the  Kings  Bow  and  Arrowes,  and 
not  offer  to  come  armed  where  he  was ;  that  they  should 
be  friends  with  the  Moraughtacunds  his  friends  and  giue 
him  their  Kings  sonne  in  pledge  to  performe  it ;  and  then 
all  King  lames  his  men  should  be  their  friends.  Vpon  this 
they  presently  sent  to  the  Rapahanocks  to  meete  him  at 
the  place  where  they  first  fought,  where  would  be  the 
Kings  of  Nantautacund  and  Pissassac  :  which  according  to 
their  promise  were  there  so  soone  as  we  ;  where  Rapaha- 
nock  presented  his  Bow  and  Arrowes,  and  confirmed  all  we 
desired,  except  his  sonne,  having  no  more  but  him  he 
could  not  Hue  without  him,  but  in  stead  of  his  sonne  he 
would  giue   him   the   three    women   Moraughtacund  had 


430  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,      Lib.  3.  f  n  jSw*!k 

L  A.  Todkill. 

[1608]  stolne.  This  was  accepted  :  and  so  in  three  or  foure 
Canowes,  so  many  as  could  went  with  vs  to  Moraughtacund, 
where  Mosco  made  them  such  relations,  and  gaue  to  his 
friends  so  many  Bowes  and  Arrowes,  that  they  no  lesse 
loued  him  then  admired  vs.  The  3  women  were  brought 
our  Captaine,  to  each  he  gaue  a  chayne  of  Beads :  and 
then  causing  Moraughtacund,  Mosco,  and  Rapahanock  stand 
before  him,  bid  Rapahanock  take  her  he  loued  best,  and 
Moraughtacund  chuse  next,  and  to  Mosco  he  gaue  the  third. 
Vpon  this,  away  went  their  Canowes  over  the  water,  to 
fetch  their  venison,  and  all  the  provision  they  could;  and 
they  that  wanted  Boats  swam  over  the  river.  The  darke 
[darkness]  commanded  vs  then  to  rest. 

The  next  day  there  was  of  men,  women,  and  children, 
as  we  coniectured,  six  or  seauen  hundred,  dauncing,  and 
singing ;  and  not  a  Bow  nor  Arrow  seene  amongst  them. 
Mosco  changed  his  name  Vttasantasough,  which  we  interpret 
Stranger,  for  so  they  call  vs.  All  promising  ever  to  be  our 
friends,  and  to  plant  Corne  purposely  for  vs ;  and  we  to 
provide  hatchets,  beads,  and  copper  for  them,  we  departed  : 
giuing  them  a  Volley  of  shot,  and  they  vs  as  loud  shouts  and 
cryes  as  their  strengths  could  vtter. 
The  That  night  we  anchored  in  the  river  of  Payankatank,  and 

PasaZZ0*  discovered  it  so  high  as  it  was  navigable ;  but  the  people 
were  most[ly]  a  hunting,  saue  a  few  old  men,  women,  and 
children,  that  were  tending  their  corne :  of  which  they 
promised  vs  part  when  we  would  fetch  it,  as  had  done 
all  the  Nations  where  ever  we  had  yet  beene. 

In  a  fayre  calme,  rowing  towards  poynt  Comfort,  we 
anchored  in  Gosnolls  Bay,  but  such  a  suddaine  gust  sur- 
prised vs  in  the  night  with  thunder  and  rayne,  that  we 
never  thought  more  to  haue  seene  lames  Towne.  Yet 
running  before  the  wind,  we  sometimes  saw  the  Land  by  the 
flashes  of  fire  from  heaven,  by  which  light  onely  we  kept 
from  the  splitting  shore,  vntill  it  pleased  God  in  that  blacke 
darknesse  to  preserue  vs  by  that  light  to  finde  poynt  Comfort. 
There  refreshing  our  selues,  because  we  had  onely  but 
heard  of  the  Chisapeacks  and  Nandsamunds,  we  thought 
it  as  fit  to  know  all  our  neighbours  neare  home,  as 
so  many  Nations  abroad.  So  setting  sayle  for  the 
Southerne  shore,  we   sayled   vp  a  narrow   river  vp   the 


tank. 
(A  «9.] 


Ed.  by  w.  simmonds."]  LlB.  ^    wM  the  first  supply  in  Virginia.    43 1 

country  of  Chisapeack  ;  it  hath  a  good  channell,  but  many  [1608] 
shoules  about  the  entrance.  By  that  we  had  sayled  six 
or  seauen  myles,  we  saw  two  or  three  little  garden  plots 
with  their  houses,  the  shores  overgrowne  with  the  greatest 
Pyne  and  Firre  trees  wee  ever  saw  in  the  Country. 
But  not  seeing  nor  hearing  any  people,  and  the  riuer 
very  narrow,  we  returned  to  the  great  riuer,  to  see  if 
we  could  finde  any  of  them.  Coasting  [65]  the  shore 
towards  Nandsamund,  which  is  most[ly]  Oyster-bankes ;  at 
the  mouth  of  that  riuer,  we  espied  six  or  seauen  Salvages 
making  their  wires  [weirs] ,  who  presently  fled :  ashore 
we  went,  and  where  they  wrought  we  threw  diuers  toyes, 
and  so  departed.  Farre  we  were  not  gone  ere  they  came 
againe,  and  began  to  sing,  and  daunce,  and  recall  vs  :  and 
thus  we  began  our  first  acquaintance.  At  last  one  of  them 
desired  vs  to  goe  to  his  house  vp  that  riuer ;  into  our  Boat 
voluntarily  he  came,  the  rest  ran  after  vs  by  the  shore  with 
all  shew  of  loue  that  could  be.  Seauen  or  eight  myles  we 
sayled  vp  this  narrow  riuer :  at  last  on  the  Westerne  shore 
we  saw  large  Cornefields,  in  the  midst  a  little  Isle,  and 
in  it  was  abundance  of  Corne.  The  people  he  told  vs  were 
all  a  hunting,  but  in  the  Isle  was  his  house,  to  which  he 
inuited  vs  with  much  kindnesse :  to  him,  his  wife,  and 
children,  we  gaue  such  things  as  they  seemed  much  con- 
tented them.  The  others  being  come,  desired  vs  also  to 
goe  but  a  little  higher  to  see  their  houses  :  here  our  host 
left  vs,  the  rest  rowed  by  vs  in  a  Canow,  till  we  were  so 
far  past  the  Isle  the  riuer  became  very  narrow. 

Here  we  desired  some  of  them  to  come  abord  vs,  wherat  ^S!*f 
pausing  a  little,  they  told  vs  they  would  but  fetch  their  bows  the  hand. 
and  arrowes  and  goe  all  with  vs :  but  being  a  shore  and  thus 
armed,  they  perswaded  vs  to  goe  forward,  but  we  could 
neither  perswade  them  into  their  Canow,  nor  into  our  Boat. 
This  gaue  vs  cause  to  prouide  for  the  worst.     Farre  we 
went  not  ere  seauen  or  eight  Canowes  full  of  men  armed 
appeared   following  vs,    staying  to   see   the   conclusion. 
Presently  from  each  side  the  riuer  came  arrowes  so  fast  Jj^fj!1 
as  two  or  three  hundred  could  shoot  them,  whereat  we  chhapcacks 
returned  to  get  the  open.     They  in  the  Canowes  let  fly  also  w,««w*.  * 
as  fast ;  but  amongst  them  we  bestowed  so  many  shot ;  the 
most  of  them  leaped  overboord  and  swam  ashore,  but  two 


432 
[1608] 


The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,      Lib.  3. 


C 


How  they 

became 

friends. 


The 

proceeding 
at  lames 
Towne. 


[/.  iao.] 


A.  Bagnall. 
N.  Powell. 
A.  Todkill. 

or  three  escaped  by  rowing.  Being  against  their  playnes: 
our  Muskets  they  found  shot  further  then  their  Bowes, 
for  wee  made  not  twentie  shot  ere  they  all  retyred  behind 
the  next  trees.  Being  thus  got  out  of  their  trap,  we 
seised  on  all  their  Canowes,  and  moored  them  in  the 
midst  of  the  open.  More  then  an  hundred  arrowes  stucke 
in  our  Targets,  and  about  the  boat ;  yet  none  hurt,  onely 
Anthony  Bagnall  was  shot  in  his  Hat,  and  another  in  his 
sleeue.  But  seeing  their  multitudes,  and  suspecting  as  it 
was,  that  both  the  Nandsamunds,  and  the  Chisapeacks  were 
together ;  we  thought  it  best  to  ryde  by  their  Canowes  a 
while,  to  bethinke  if  it  were  better  to  burne  all  in  the 
Isle,  or  draw  them  to  composition  till  we  were  prouided 
to  take  all  they  had,  which  was  sufficient  to  feed  all  our 
Colony :  but  to  burne  the  Isle  at  night  it  was  concluded. 

In  the  interim  we  began  to  cut  in  peeces  their  Canowes, 
and  they  presently  to  lay  downe  their  bowes,  making 
signes  of  peace.  Peace  we  told  them  we  would  accept  it, 
would  they  bring  vs  their  Kings  bowes  and  arrowes,  with 
a  chayne  of  pearle  ;  and  when  we  came  againe  giue  vs  foure 
hundred  baskets  full  of  Corne :  otherwise  we  would  breake 
all  their  boats,  and  burne  their  houses,  and  corne,  and  all 
they  had.  To  performe  all  this  they  alledged  onely  the 
want  of  a  Canow ;  so  we  put  one  a  drift  and  bad  them 
swim  to  fetch  her  :  and  till  they  performed  their  promise, 
wee  would  but  onely  breake  their  Canowes.  They  cryed 
to  vs  to  doe  no  more,  all  should  be  as  we  would :  which 
presently  they  performed.  Away  went  their  bowes  and 
arrowes,  and  tagge  and  ragge  came  with  their  baskets  :  so 
much  as  we  could  carry  we  tooke,  and  so  departing  good 
friends,  we  returned  to  lames  Towne,  where  we  safely 
arrived  the  7.  of  September,  1608. 

There  we  found  Master  Scrivener,  and  divers  others  well 
recovered  :  many  dead ;  some  sicke :  the  late  President 
[Ratcliffe]  [a]  prisoner  for  mutiny:  by  the  honest  diligence  of 
Master  Scrivener,  the  haruest  gathered ;  but  the  provision 
in  the  store  much  spoyled  with  rayne. 

Thus  was  that  summer  (when  little  wanted)  consumed 
and  spent,  and  nothing  done  (such  was  the  gouern- 
ment  of  Captaine  Rat[c]liffe)  but  onely  this  discovery; 
wherein  to  expresse  all  the  dangers,   accidents,  and   in- 


Ed.byw.siTnmonds.-j  lib#  3   w^  fa  sec0nd  supply  in  Virginia.  433 

counters  this  small  number  passed  in  that  small  Barge,  [1608] 
by  the  scale  of  proportion,  about  three  thousand  myles, 
with  such  watery  dyet  in  those  great  waters  and  barbarous 
Countries  (till  then  to  any  Christian  vtterly  vnknowne)  I 
rather  referre  their  merit  to  the  censure  of  the  courteous 
and  experienced  Reader,  then  I  would  be  tedious  or 
partiall  being  a  partie.  [66J 

But  to  this  place  to  come  who  will  adventure, 

with  incitements  guide  and  reason  how  to  enter : 

Finds  in  this  worlds  broad  sea,  with  winde  and  tyde, 

Titer's  safer  sayle  then  any  where  beside. 

But  'cause  to  wanton  novices  it  is 

A  Province  full  of  fearefulnesse  I  wiss  ; 

Into  the  great  vast  deepe  to  venter  out : 

Those  shallow  rivers  let  them  coast  about. 

And  by  a  small  Boat  learne  there  first,  and  marke, 

How  they  may  come  to  make  a  greater  Barke. 

Written  by  Anthony  Bagnal/,  Nathanaell  Powell, 
and  Anas  Todkill. 


CHAPTER    VII.  [>.».«.) 

The  Presidency  surrendred  to  Captaine  Smith :  the 

A  rrivall  and  rehwne  of  the  second  Supply.     A  nd 

what  happened. 

He  tenth  of  September,  by  the  Election  of  the 
Councell,  and  request  of  the  Company,  Cap- 
taine   Smith    receiued    the    Letters    Patents : 
which  till  then  by  no  meanes  he  would  accept, 
though  he  was  often  importuned  therevnto. 

Now  the  building  of  Rat[c]lijfcs  Pallace  stayed,  as  a  thing 
needlesse  ;  the  Church  was  repaired ;  the  Store-house  re- 
couered;  buildings  prepared  for  the  Supplyes  we  expected; 
the  Fort  reduced  to  a  hue-square  forme  ;  the  order  of  the 
Watch  renewed ;  the  squadrons  (each  setting  of  the 
Watch)    trained ;    the   whole    Company   euery   Saturday 

28 


434    The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,  Lin.  3.  [w.  phLK\JT^kii 


[1608] 


Pcnuhatant 
scorne 
when  his 
court  esie 
was  most 
deserved. 

[p.  I22-] 


No  better 
way  to 
overthrow 
the  busines 
then  by  our 
instructors. 


exercised,  in  the  plaine  by  the  west  Bulvvarke,  prepared 
for  that  purpose,  we  called  Smithfield :  where  sometimes 
more  then  an  hundred  Salvages  would  stand  in  an  amaze- 
ment to  behold,  how  a  fyle  would  batter  a  tree,  where  he 
would  make  them  a  marke  to  shoot  at ;  the  boats  trimmed 
for  trade,  which  being  sent  out  with  Lieutenant  Percy,  in 
their  Iourney  incountred  [?  Oct.  1608]  the  second  Supply, 
that  brought  them  backe  to  discover  the  Country  olMonacan. 

How  or  why  Captaine  Newport  obtained  such  a  private 
Commission,  as  not  to  returne  without  a  lumpe  of  gold,  a 
certaintie  of  the  South  sea,  or  one  of  the  lost  company 
sent  out  by  Sir  Walter  Raleigh,  I  know  not ;  nor  why  he 
brought  such  a  flue  peeced  Barge,  not  to  beare  vs  to  that 
South  sea,  till  we  had  borne  her  over  the  mountaines, 
which  how  farre  they  extend  is  yet  vnknowne. 

As  for  the  Coronation  of  Powhatan,  and  his  presents  of 
Bason  and  Ewer,  Bed,  Bedstead,  Clothes,  and  such  costly 
nouelties,  they  had  beene  much  better  well  spared  then  so 
ill  spent,  for  wee  had  his  favour  much  better  onely  for 
a  playne  peece  of  Copper,  till  this  stately  kinde  of  solicit- 
ing, made  him  so  much  overvalue  himselfe,  that  he 
respected  vs  as  much  as  nothing  at  all. 

As  for  the  hyring  of  the  Poles  and  Dutch  men,  to  make 
Pitch,  Tar,  Glasse,  Milles,  and  Sope  ashes,  when  the 
Country  is  replenished  with  people,  and  necessaries,  would 
haue  done  well :  but  to  send  them  and  seauentie  more 
without  victualls  to  worke,  was  not  so  well  aduised  nor 
considered  of,  as  it  should  haue  beene.  Yet  this  could 
not  haue  hurt  vs  had  they  beene  200.  though  then  we  were 
130  that  wanted  for  our  selues.  For  we  had  the  Salvages 
in  that  decorum  (their  harvest  being  newly  gathered)  that 
we  feared  not  to  get  victuals  for  500. 

Now  was  there  no  way  to  make  vs  miserable,  but  to  neg- 
lect that  time  to  make  prouision  whilst  it  was  to  be  had,  the 
which  was  done  by  the  direction  from  England  to  performe 
this  strange  discovery,  but  a  more  strange  Coronation,  to 
loose  that  time,  spend  that  victualls  we  had,  tyre  and 
starue  our  men,  hauing  no  meanes  to  carry  victuals,  muni- 
tion, the  hurt  or  sicke,  but  on  their  owne  backes.  How  or 
by  whom  they  were  inuented  I  know  not. 

But  Captaine  AT£i£$ort  we  onely  accounted  the  Author,  who 


Ed.byw  simmonds]  LlB   ^  w^  ffo  seC0nd  supply  in  Virginia.   435 

to  effect  these  proiects,  had  so  guilded  mens  hopes  with  [1608] 
great  promises,  that  both  Company  and  Councell  concluded 
his  resolution  [67]  for  the  most  part.  God  doth  know 
they  little  knew  what  they  did,  nor  vnderstood  their  owne 
estates  to  conclude  his  conclusions,  against  all  the  incon- 
veniences the  foreseeing  President  [Smith]  alledged. 

Of  this  Supply  there  was  added  to  the  Councell,  one  Cap-   a  consult*- 
taine  Richard  Waldo,  and  Captaine  Wynne,  two  auncient  a\iIth!!rhere 
Souldiers,  and  valiant  Gentlemen  ;  but  yet  ignorant  of  the  £°u ™^mst 
busines,  (being  but  newly  arriued.)     Rat[c]liffe  was  also  thePresi-  " 
permitted  to  haue  his  voyce,  and  Master  Scrivener,  desirous 
to  see  strange  Countries :    so  that  although   Smith  was 
President,  yet  the  Maior  part  of  the   Councell  had  the 
authoritie,  and  ruled  it  as  they  listed. 

As  for  clearing  Smiths  obiections,  how  Pitch  and  Tarre, 
Wainscot,  Clapbord,  Glasse,  and  Sope  ashes,  could  be 
provided,  to  relade  the  ship  :  or  provision  got  to  Hue  withall, 
when  none  was  in  the  Country;  and  that  we  had,  spent, 
before  the  ship  departed  to  effect  these  projects.  The 
answer  was,  Captaine  Newport  vndertooke  to  fraught  the 
Pinnace  of  twentie  tunnes  with  Corne  in  going  and  return- 
ing in  his  Discovery,  and  to  refraught  her  againe  from  [/»•  i«3-i 
W erowocomoco  of  Powhatan.  Also  promising  a  great  pro- 
portion of  victualls  from  the  Ship ;  inferring  that  Smiths 
propositions  were  onely  devices  to  hinder  his  iourney,  to 
effect  it  himselfe ;  and  that  the  crueltie  he  had  vsed  to 
the  Salvages  might  well  be  the  occasion  to  hinder  these 
Designes,  and  seeke  revenge  on  him.  For  which  taxation, 
all  workes  were  left,  and  120  chosen  men  were  appointed 
for  Newports  guard  in  this  Discovery. 

But  Captaine  Smith  to  make  cleare  all  those  seeming 
suspitions,  that  the  Salvages  were  not  so  desperate  as 
was  pretended  by  Captaine  Newport,  and  how  willing 
(since  by  their  authoritie  they  would  haue  it  so)  he  was 
to  assist  them  what  he  could,  because  the  Coronation 
would  consume  much  time,  he  vndertooke  himselfe  their 
message  to  Powhatan,  to  intreat  him  to  come  to  lames 
Towne  to  receiue  his  presents.  tain 

And  where  Newport  durst  not  goe  with  lesse  then  120.  smifi^ 
he  onely  tooke  with  him  Captaine  Waldo,  Master  Andrew  s°£hw,th 


436    The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,   Lib.  3.  [ 


R.  Wyfhn,  J.  Abbot. 
W.  Thittiplace,  A.Todkill. 


[1608] 

Pmvhatan, 
when 
Newport 
feared  with 


A  Virginia 
Masko. 


[>•  "4-1 


Tht 

W'omens 
entertaine- 
ment. 


Buckler,  Edward  Brintofi,  and  Samuel  Collier:  with  these 
foure  he  went  over  land  to  Werowocomoco,  some  12  myles; 
there  he  passed  the  river  of  Pamavnhce  in  a  Salvage  Canow. 

Powhatan  being  30  myles  of[f],  was  presently  sent  for  :  in 
the  meane  time,  Pocahontas  and  her  women  entertained 
Captaine  Smith  in  this  manner. 

In  a  fayre  plaine  field  they  made  a  fire,  before  which, 
he  sitting  vpon  a  mat,  suddainly  amongst  the  woods  was 
heard  such  a  hydeous  noise  and  shreeking,  that  the  [five] 
English  betooke  themselues  to  their  armes,  and  seized  on 
two  or  three  old  men  by  them,  supposing  Powhatan  with 
all  his  power  was  come  to  surprise  them.  But  presently 
Pocahontas  came,  willing  him  to  kill  her  if  any  hurt  were 
intended  ;  and  the  beholders,  which  were  men,  women,  and 
children,  satisfied  the  Captaine  there  was  no  such  matter. 

Then  presently  they  were  presented  with  this  anticke ; 
thirtie  young  women  came  naked  out  of  the  woods,  onely 
covered  behind  and  before  with  a  few  greene  leaues,  their 
bodies  all  painted,  some  of  one  colour,  some  of  another,  but 
all  differing,  their  leader  [?  Pocahontas]  had  a  fayre  payre  of 
Bucks  homes  on  her  head,  and  an  Otters  skinne  at  her 
girdle,  and  another  at  her  arme,  a  quiver  of  arrowes  at  her 
backe,  a  bow  and  arrowes  in  her  hand  ;  the  next  had  in  her 
hand  a  sword,  another  a  club,  another  a  pot-sticke ;  all 
horned  alike  :  the  rest  every  one  with  their  severall  devises. 

These  fiends  with  most  hellish  shouts  and  cryes,  rushing 
from  among  the  trees,  cast  themselues  in  a  ring  about  the 
fire,  singing  and  dauncing  with  most  excellent  ill  varietie, 
oft  falling  into  their  infernall  passions,  and  solemnly  againe 
to  sing  and  daunce ;  having  spent  neare  an  houre  in  this 
Mascarado,  as  they  entred,  in  like  manner  they  departed. 

Having  reaccommodated  themselues,  they  solemnly  in- 
vited him  to  their  lodgings,  where  he  was  no  sooner  within 
the  house,  but  all  these  Nymphes  more  tormented  him 
then  ever,  with  crowding,  pressing,  and  hanging  about  him, 
most  tediously  crying,  Loue  you  not  me  ?  loue  you  not  me  ? 

This  saluaticn  ended,  the  feast  was  set,  consisting  of  all 
the  Salvage  dainties  they  could  devise  :  some  attending, 
others  singing  and  dauncing  about  them  ;  which  mirth 
being  ended,  with  fire-brands  in  stead  of  Torches  they 
conducted  him  to  his  lodging. 


Ed.  by  w.  simmonds.-j  jlB^  ^  w^jt  fju  second  supply  in  Virginia.   437 

Thus  did  they  shew  their  feats  of  amies,  and  others  art  in      [1608] 

dauncing : 
Some  other  vs'd  there  oaten  pipe,  and  others  voyces  chanting.  [68] 

The   next    day   came  Powhatan.     Smith    delivered    his  §SJ"e 
message  of  the  presents  sent  him,  and  redelivered  him  message. 
Namontack  he  had  sent  for  England ;  desiring  him  to  come 
to  his    Father   Newport,  to    accept   those   presents,    and 
conclude  their  revenge  against  the  Monacans. 

Wherevnto  this  subtile  Savage  thus  replied. 

If  your  King  haue  sent  me  Presents,  I  also  am  a  King,  and  ^™J*tanl 
this  is  my  land  :  eight  dayes  I  will  stay  to  receiue  them.  Your 
Father  is  to  come  to  me,  not  I  to  him,  nor  yet  to  your  Fort, 
neither  will  I  bite  at  such  a  bait :  as  for  the  Monacans  I  can 
revenge  my  owne  iniuries,  and  as  for  Atquanachuk,  where  you 
say  your  brother  was  slaine,  it  is  a  contrary  way  from  those 
parts  you  suppose  it;  but  for  any  salt  water  beyond  the  moun- 
taines,  the  Relations  you  haue  had  from  my  people  are  false. 

Wherevpon  he  began  to  draw  plots  vpon  the  ground 
(according  to  his  discourse)  of  all  those  Regions. 

Many  other  discourses  they  had  (yet  both  content  to 
giue  each  other  content  in  complementall  Courtesies)  and 
so  Captaine  Smith  returned  with  this  Answer. 

Vpon  this,  the  Presents  were  sent  by  water  which  is  £S£§£ 
neare  an  hundred  myles,  and  the  Captains  went  by  land  [/•  «s.) 
with  fiftie  good  shot. 

All  being  met  at  Werowocomoco,  the  next  day  was 
appointed  for  his  Coronation,  then  the  presents  were 
brought  him,  his  Bason  and  Ewer,  Bed  and  furniture 
set  vp,  his  scarlet  Cloke  and  apparell  with  much  adoe 
put  on  him,  being  perswaded  by  Namontack  they  would 
not  hurt  him  :  but  a  foule  trouble  there  was  to  make 
him  kneele  to  receiue  his  Crowne,  he  neither  knowing 
the  maiesty  nor  meaning  of  a  Crowne,  nor  bending  of 
the  knee,  endured  so  many  perswasions,  examples,  and 
instructions,  as  tyred  them  all ;  at  last  by  leaning  hard  on 
his  shoulders,  he  a  little  stooped,  and  three  having  the 
crowne  in  their  hands  put  it  on  his  head,  when  by  the 
warning  of  a  Pistoll  the  Boats  were  prepared  with  such  a 
volley  of  shot,  that  the  King  start  vp  in  a  horrible  feare, 
till  he  saw  all  was  well.     Then  remembring  himselfe,  to 


438    The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,  Lib.  3.  [w.  n8*EWi£88: 

[1608]      congratulate  their  kindnesse,  he  gaue  his  old  shooes  and 
his  mantell  to  Captaine  Newport. 

But  perceiving  his  purpose  was  to  discover  the  Monacans, 
helaboured  to  divert  his  resolution,  refusing  to  lend  him  either 
men  or  guides  more  then  Namontack;  and  so  after  some  small 
complementall  kindnesse  on  both  sides,  in  requitall  of  his 
presents  he  presented  Newport  with  a  heape  of  wheat  eares 
that  might  containe  some  7  or  8  Bushels,  and  as  much  more 
we  bought  in  theTowne:  wherewith  we  returned  to  the  Fort. 

The  The  Ship  having  disburdened  her  selfe  of  70  persons, 

SmSS0*"  with   the    first   Gentlewoman   and    woman-seruant   that 
arrived  in  our  Colony.     Captaine  Newport  with  120  chosen 
men,  led  by  Captaine  Waldo,  Lieutenant  Percie,  Captaine 
Winne,  Master  West,  and  Master  Scrivener,  set  forward  for 
the  discovery  of  Monacan,  leaving  the  President  at  the  Fort 
with  about  80.  or  90.  (such  as  they  were)  to  relade  the  Ship. 
Arriving  at  the  Falles,we  marched  by  land  somefortie  myles 
in  two  dayes  and  a  halfe;  and  so  returned  downe  the  same 
path  we  went.  Two  townes  we  discovered  of  the  Monacans, 
called  Massinacak  and  Mowhemenchonch  ;  the  people  neither 
vsed  vs  well  nor  ill,  yet  for  our  securitie  we  tooke  one  of 
their  petty  Kings,  and  led  him  bound  to  conduct  vs  the  way. 
And  in  our  returnes  [we]  searched  many  places  we  sup- 
posed Mines,  about  which  we  spent  some  time  in  refyning, 
having  one  William  Colli  cut,  a  refyner  fitted  for  that  pur- 
[/.  i«6.]      pose.     From  that  crust  of  earth  we  digged,  he  perswaded 
vs  to  beleeue  he  extracted  some  small  quantitie  of  silver; 
and  (not  vnlikely)  better  stuffe  might  be  had  for  the  digging. 
With  this  poore  tryall,  being  contented  to  leaue  this  fayre, 
fertile,  well  watered  Country ;  and  comming  to  the  Falles, 
the  Salvages  fayned  there  were  divers  ships  come  into  the 
How  the      Bay,  to  kill  them  at  lames  Towne.     Trade  they  would 
ddudf?      not,  and  finde  their  Corne  we  could  not ;  for  they  had  hid 
mEJIS.     it  in  the  woods:  and  being  thus  deluded,  we  arrived  at 
lames  Towne,  halfe  sicke,  all  complaining,  and  tyred  with 
toyle,  famine,  and  discontent,  to  haue  onely  but  discovered 
our    guilded   hopes,   and   such    fruitlesse   certainties,   as 
Captaine  Smith  fortold  vs. 

But  those  that  hunger  seeke  to  slake, 
Which  thus  abounding  wealth  would  rake  : 


Ed.  by  w.  simmonds.-j  lib   ^   w^  fa  second  supply  in  Virginia.  439 

Not  all  the  gemmes  of  Ister  shore,  [1608] 

Nor  all  the  gold  of  Lydia's  store,  [69] 
Can  fill  their  greedie  appetite  ; 
It  is  a  thing  so  infinite. 

No  sooner  were  we  landed,  but  the  President  dispersed 
so  many  as  were  able,  some  for  Glasse,  others  for  Tarre, 
Pitch,  and  Sope-ashes,  leauing  them  with  the  Fort  to  the 
Councels  oversight. 

But  30  of  vs  he  conducted  downe  the  river  some  5 
myles  from  lames  towne,  to  learne  to  make  Clapbord, 
cut  downe  trees,  and  lye  in  woods.  Amongst  the  rest 
he  had  chosen  Gabriel  Beadle,  and  Iohn  Russell,  the  onely 
two  gallants  of  this  last  Supply,  and  both  proper  Gen- 
tlemen. Strange  were  these  pleasures  to  their  condi- 
tions ;  yet  lodging,  eating,  and  drinking,  working  or 
playing,  they  but  doing  as  the  President  did  himselfe. 
All  these  things  were  carried  so  pleasantly  as  within  a 
weeke  they  became  Masters :  making  it  their  delight  to 
heare  the  trees  thunder  as  they  fell  ;  but  the  Axes  so  oft 
blistered  their  tender  fingers,  that  many  times  every  third 
blow  had  a  loud  othe  to  drowne  the  eccho ;  for  remedie  of 
which  sinne,  the  President  devised  how  to  haue  every  Apunish- 
mans  othes  numbred,  and  at  night  for  every  othe  to  haue  wearing. 
a  Cann  of  water  powred  downe  his  sleeue,  with  which 
every  offender  was  so  washed  (himselfe  and  all)  that  a 
man  should  scarce  heare  an  othe  in  a  weeke. 

For  he  who  scornes  and  makes  but  tests  of  cursings,  and  his 

othe, 
He  doth  contemne,  not  man  but  God ;  nor  God,  nor  man,  but 

both. 

By  this,  let  no  man  thinke  that  the  President  and  these 
Gentlemen  spent  their  times  as  common  Wood  haggers 
at  felling  of  trees,  or  such  other  like  labours ;  or  that  they 
were  pressed  to  it  as  hirelings,  or  common  slaues  ;  for  what 
they  did,  after  they  were  but  once  a  little  invred,  it  seemed 
and  some  conceited  it,  onely  as  a  pleasure  and  recreation  : 
yet  30  or  40  of  such  voluntary  Gentleman  would  doe  more  \j.  1*7.] 
in  a  day  then  100  of  the  rest  that  must  be  prest  to  it  by  sM^Mea 
compulsion ;  but  twentie  good  workemen  had  beene  better  theJTioo. 
then  them  all. 


44-0    The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,  Lib. 


n      r  R.  Wyffin,  J.  Abbot. 

6'   |_W.  Phittiplace,  A.  TodkiU. 


[1608] 


The  Chkka- 
hamania's 
forced  to 
contribution. 


A  bad 
reward  for 
well-doing. 


A  good 
Taverne  in 
Virginia. 


Master  Scrivener,  Captaine  Waldo,  and  Captaine  Winne 
at  the  Fort,  every  one  in  like  manner  carefully  regarded 
their  charge.  The  President  returning  from  amongst  the 
woods,  seeing  the  time  consumed  and  no  provision  gotten, 
(and  the  Ship  lay  idle  at  a  great  charge  and  did  nothing) 
presently  imbarked  himselfe  in  the  discovery  barge,  giving 
order  to  the  Councell  to  send  Lieutenant  Percie  after  him 
with  the  next  barge  that  arrived  at  the  Fort ;  two  Barges 
he  had  himselfe  and  18  men,  but  arriving  at  Chickahamania, 
that  dogged  Nation  was  too  well  acquainted  with  our 
wants,  refusing  to  trade,  with  as  much  scorne  and  inso- 
lency  as  they  could  expresse.  The  President  perceiuing 
it  was  Powhatans  policy  to  starue  vs,  told  them  he  came 
not  so  much  for  their  Come,  as  to  revenge  his  imprison- 
ment, and  the  death  of  his  men  murthered  by  them ;  and 
so  landing  his  men  and  readie  to  charge  them,  they  im- 
mediately fled  :  and  presently  after  sent  their  Ambassadors 
with  corne,  fish,  foule,  and  what  they  had  to  make  their 
peace ;  (their  Corne  being  that  yeare  but  bad)  they  com- 
plained extreamely  of  their  owne  wants,  yet  fraughted  our 
Boats  with  an  hundred  Bushels  of  Corne,  and  in  like 
manner  Lieutenant  Percies  that  not  long  after  arrived, 
and  having  done  the  best  they  could  to  content  vs,  we 
parted  good  friends,  and  returned  to  lames  towne. 

Though  this  much  contented  the  Company  (that 
feared  nothing  more  then  starving),  yet  some  so  envied 
his  good  successe,  that  they  rather  desired  to  hazzard  a 
starving,  then  his  paines  should  proue  so  much  more 
effectuall  then  theirs.  Some  proiects  there  were  invented 
by  Newport  and  Rat[c]liffe,  not  onely  to  haue  deposed  him, 
but  to  haue  kept  him  out  of  the  Fort ;  for  that  being 
President,  he  would  leaue  his  place  and  the  Fort  without 
their  consents  :  but  their  homes  were  so  much  too  short  to 
effect  it,  as  they  themselues  more  narrowly  escaped  a 
greater  mischiefe. 

All  this  time  our  old  Taverne  made  as  much  of  all  them 
that  had  either  money  or  ware  as  could  be  desired :  by 
this  time  they  were  become  so  perfect  on  all  sides  (I 
meane  the  souldiers,  saylers,  and  Salvages)  as  there  was 
tenne  times  more  care  to  maintaine  their  damnable  and 
private  trade,  then  to  provide  for  the  Colony  things  [70] 


Ed.byw.stomonds.-j  lib   ^   wftfo  fa  second  supply  in  Virginia.  441 

that  were  necessary.     Neither  was   it  a  small   policy  in      [1608] 
Newport  and  the  Marriners  to  report  in  England  we  had  such  [/.  128.] 
plentie,  and  bring  vs  so  many  men  without  victuals,  when  ^bad  trade 
they  had  so  many  private  Factors  in  the  Fort,  that  within  masters  and 
six  or  seauen  weeks,  of  two  or  three  hundred  Axes,  Chissels,  saylers' 
Hows,  and  Pick-axes,  scarce  twentie  could  be  found :  and 
for  Pike-heads,   shot,  Powder,  or   any  thing   they   could 
steale  from  their  fellowes,  was  vendible;    they  knew  as 
well  (and  as  secretly)  how  to  convey  them  to  trade  with 
the   Salvages    for    Furres,    Baskets,   Mussaneeks,    young 
Beasts,  or  such  like  Commodities,  as  exchange  them  with 
the  Saylers  for  Butter,  Cheese,  Beefe,  Porke,  Aqua  vitce, 
Beere,  Bisket,  Oatmeale,  and  Oyle  :  and  then  fayne  all 
was  sent  them  from  their  friends.     And  though  Virginia 
affoorded  no  Furres  for  the  Store,  yet  one  Master  in  one 
voyage  hath  got  so  many  by  this  indirect  meanes,  as  he 
confessed  to  haue  scld  in  England  for  30/. 

Those  are  the  S:  int-seeming  Worthies  of  Virgina  (that 
haue  notwithstanding  all  this,  meate,  drinke,  and  wages)  ; 
but  now  they  begin  to  grow  weary,  their  trade  being  both 
perceived  and  prevented. 

None  hath  beene  in  Virginia,  that  hath  observed  anything, 
which  knowes  not  this  to  be  true  :  and  yet  the  losse,  the 
scorne,  the  misery,  and  shame,  was  the  poore  Officers,  Gen- 
tlemen, and  carelesse  Governours,  who  were  all  thus  bought 
and  sold  ;  the  adventurers  cousened,  and  the  action  over- 
throwne  by  their  false  excuses,  informations,  and  directions. 
By  this  let  all  men  iudge,  how  this  businesse  could  prosper, 
being  thus  abused  by  such  pilfring  occasions.  And  had  not 
Captaine  Newport  cryed  Peccavi,  the  President  would  haue 
discharged  the  ship,  and  caused  him  to  haue  stayed  one 
yeare  in  Virginia,to  learne  to  speake  of  his  owne  experience. 

Master  Scrivener  was  sent  with  the  Barges  and  Pinnace  Master 
to    Werowocomoco,   where   he   found   the    Salvages   more  voyageta* 
readie  to  fight  then  trade  :  but  his  vigilancy  was  such  as  ZZ™°'* 
prevented  their  proiects,  and  by  the  meanes  of  Namontack, 
[he]  got  three  or  foure  hogsheads  of  Corne ;  and  as  much 
Pocones,  which  is  a  red  roote,  which  then  was  esteemed  an 
excellent  Dye. 

Captaine  Newport  being  dispatched,  with  the  tryals  of 
Pitch,  Tarre,    Glasse,    Frankincense,    Sope   ashes ;    with 


442  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,        Lib.  3.  [J-t! 


Smith. 
1608. 


[1608]      that  Clapboord  and  Waynscot  that   could    be  provided 
\p.  129.]       met  with  Master  Scrivener  at  poynt  Comfort,  and  so  re- 
turned  for    England,       We   remaining  were   about   two 
hundred. 


1"  The  Copy  of  a  Letter  sent  to  the  Treasurer  and 

Councell  of  Virginia  from  Captaine  Smith,  then 

President  in  V  1  r  g  i  n  i  a  . 

Right  Honorable,  &c. 

Received  your  Letter,  wherein  you  write,  that  our 
minds  are  so  set  vpon  faction,  and  idle  conceits  in 
diuiding  the  Country  without  your  consents,  and 
that  we  feed  You  but  with  ifs  and  ands,  hopes,  and 
some  few  proof es ;  as  if  we  would  keepe  the  mystery  of  the 
businesse  to  our  selues  :  and  that  we  must  expresly  follow 
your  instructions  sent  by  Captaine  Newport :  the  charge  of 
whose  voyage  amounts  to  neare  two  thousand  pounds,  the  which 
\p.  928.]  if  we  cannot  defray  by  the  Ships  returne,  we  are  like  to  remain 
as  banished  men.  To  these  particulars  I  humbly  intreat  your 
Pardons  if  I  offend  you  with  my  rude  A  nswer. 

For  our  factions,  vnlesse  you  would  haue  me  run  away  and 
leaue  the  Country,  I  cannot  prevent  them  :  because  I  do  make 
many  stay  that  would  els  fly  any  whether.  For  the  idle  Letter 
sent  [?by  Captain  Newport's  ship  in  April  1608,  p.  389]  to  my 
Lord  of  Salisbury,  by  the  President  [Ratcliffe]  and  his  confe- 
derals, for  diuiding  the  Country  &c.  What  it  was  I  know  not, 
for  you  saw  no  hand  [71]  of  mine  to  it ;  nor  euer  dream't  I  of 
any  such  matter.  That  we  feed  you  with  hopes,  &c.  Though 
I  be  no  scholer,  I  am  past  a  schoole-boy  ;  and  I  desire  but  to 
know,  what  either  you,  and  these  here,  doe  know  but  that  I  haue 
learned  to  tell  you  by  the  continuall  hazard  of  my  life.  I  haue 
not  concealed  from  you  any  thing  I  know  ;  but  I  feare  some 
cause  you  to  beleeue  much  more  then  is  true. 

Expresly  to  follow  your  directions  by  CaptaineNewport,  though 
they  be  performed,  I  was  directly  against  it ;  but  according  to 
our  Commission,  I  was  content  to  be  overruled  by  the  maior 
part  of  the  Councell,  I  feare  to  the  hazard  of  vs  all ;  which  now 
is  generally   confessed  when   it  is  too   late.     Onely  Captaine 


Ed*  byjuiy TeSG  ^IB-  3-    W7'^  ^e  second  supply  in  Virginia.      443 

Winne  and  Captaine  Waldo  /  haue  sworne  of  the  Councell,      [1608] 
and  Crowned  Powhatan  according  to  your  instructions. 

Forjhe  charge  of  this  Voyage  of  two  or  three  thousand  pounds, 
we  haue  not  receiued  the  value  of  an  hundred  pounds.  And  for 
the  quartred  Boat  to  be  borne  by  the  Souldiers  over  the  Falles, 
Newport  had  120  of  the  best  men  he  could  chuse.  If  he  had 
burnt  her  to  ashes,  one  might  haue  carried  her  in  a  bag  ;  but  as 
she  is,  flue  hundred  cannot,  to  a  navigable  place  aboue  the 
Falles.  And  for  him  at  that  time  to  find  in  the  South  Sea,  a 
Mine  of  gold,  or  any  of  them  sent  by  Sir  Walter  Raleigh  : 
at  our  Consultation  I  told  them  was  as  likely  as  the  rest.  But 
during  this  great  discovery  of  thirtie  mylcs,  {which  might  as 
well  haue  beene  done  by  one  man,  and  much  more,  for  the  value 
of  a  pound  of  Copper  at  a  seasonable  tyme)  they  had  the 
Pinnace  and  all  the  Boats  with  them,  but  one  that  remained 
with  me  to  seme  the  Fort. 

In  their  absence  I  followed  the  new  begun  workes  of  Pitch 
and  Tarre,  Glasse,  Sope-ashes,  and  Clapboord ;  whereof  some 
small  quantities  we  haue  sent  you.  But  if  you  rightly  con- 
sider, what  an  infinite  toyle  it  is  in  Russia  and  Swethland, 
where  the  woods  are  proper  for  naught  els,  and  though  there 
be  the  helpe  both  of  man  and  beast  in  those  ancient 
Common- wealths,  which  many  an  hundred  yeares  haue  vsed  it ; 
yet  thousands  of  those  poore  people  can  scarce  get  necessaries 
to  Hue,  but  from  hand  to  mouth.  And  though  your  Factors 
there  can  buy  as  much  in  a  week  as  will  fraught  you  a 
ship,  or  as  much  as  you  please ;  you  must  not  expect  from  vs 
any  such  matter,  which  are  but  a  many  of  ignorant  miserable 
soules,  that  are  scarce  able  to  get  wherewith  to  Hue,  and  defend 
our  selues  against  the  inconstant  Salvages  :  finding  but  here 
and  there  a  tree  fit  for  the  purpose,  and  want  all  things  els  the 
Russians  haue. 

For  the  Coronation  of  Powhatan,  by  whose  advice  you  sent 
him  such  presents,  I  know  not ;  but  this  giue  me  leaue  to  tell 
you,  I  feare  they  will  be  the  confusion  of  vs  all  ere  we  heave 
from  you  againe.  At  your  Ships  arrivall,  the  Salvages 
harvest  was  newly  gathered,  and  we  going  to  buy  it;  our 
owne  not  being  halfe  sufficient  for  so  great  a  number.  As 
for  the  two  ships  loading  of  Come  Newport  promised  to  pro- 
vide vs  from  Powhatan,  he  brought  vs  but  four eteene  Bushels; 
and  from  the  Monacans  nothing,  but  the  most  of  the  men  sicke 


444  TJie  Discoveries  and  Accidents,       Lib.  3.  [J't! 


Smith. 
[608. 


[1608]  and  neare  famished.  From  your  Ship  we  had  not  provision  in 
victuals  worth  twenty  pound,  and  we  are  more  then  two  hundred 
to  Hue  vpon  this  :  the  one  halfe  sicke,  the  other  little  better. 
For  the  Saylers  (I  confesse)  they  daily  make  good  cheare,  but 
our  dyet  is  a  little  meale  and  water,  and  not  sufficient  of  that. 
Though  there  be  fish  in  the  Sea,  foules  in  the  ayre,  and  Beasts 
in  the  woods,  their  bounds  are  so  larget  they  so  wilde,  and  we 
so  weake  and  ignorant,  we  cannot  much  trouble  them.  Captaine 
Newport  we  much  suspect  to  be  the  Authour  of  those  inventions. 

Now  that  you  should  know,  I  haue  made  you  as  great  a  dis- 
covery as  he,  for  lesse  charge  then  he  spendeth  you  every  meale  ; 
/  haue  sent  you  this  Mappe  of  the  Bay  and  Rivers,  with  an 
annexed  [72]  Relation  of  the  Countries  and  Nations  that  inhabit 
them,  as  you  may  see  at  large.  Also  two  barrels  of  stones,  and 
such  as  I  take  to  be  good  Iron  ore  at  the  least ;  so  devided,  as  by 
their  notes  yon  may  see  in  what  places  I  found  them. 

The  Souldiers  say  many  of  your  officers  maintaine  their 
families  out  of  that  you  send  vs :  and  that  Newport  hath  an 
hundred  pounds  a  yeare  for  carrying  newes.  For  every  master 
you  haue  yet  sent  can  find  the  way  as  well  as  he,  so  that  an 
hundred  pound  might  be  spared,  which  is  more  then  we  haue  all, 
that  helps  to  pay  him  wages. 

Captaine  Rat[c]liffe  is  now  called  Sicklemore,  a  poore 
counterfeited  Imposture.  I  haue  sent  you  him  home,  least  the 
company  should  cut  his  throat.  What  he  is,  now  every  one  can 
tell  you :  if  he  and  Archer  returne  againe,  they  are  sufficient 
to  keepe  vs  alwayes  in  factions. 

When  you  send  againe  I  intreat  you  rather  send  but  thirty 
Carpenters,  husbandmen,  gar  diners,  fisher  men,  blacksmiths, 
masons,  and  diggers  vp  of  trees,  roots,  well  provided ;  then  a 
thousand  of  such  as  we  haue  :  for  except  wee  be  able  both  to  lodge 
them,  and  feed  them,  the  most  will  consume  with  want  of 
necessaries  before  they  can  be  made  good  for  any  thing. 

Thus  if  you  please  to  consider  this  account,  and  of  the  vn~ 
necessary  wages  to  Captaine  Newport,  or  his  ships  so  long 
lingering  and  staying  here  {for  notwithstanding  his  boasting  to 
leaue  vs  victuals  for  12  moneths;  though  we  had  89  by  this 
discovery  lame  and  sicke,  and  but  a  pinte  of  Come  a  day  for  a 
man,  we  were  constrained  to  giue  him  three  hogsheads  of  that 
to  viciuall  him  homeward)  or  yet  to  send  into  Germany  or 
Poleland/or  glasse-men  and  the  rest,  till  we  be  able  to  sustains 


Eel.  by  W.  Simmonds.-] 
1612-1624.J 


Lib.  3.  with  the  second  supply  in  Virginia.    445 


our  seines,  and  relieue  them  when  they  come.  It  were  better  to 
giue  fine  hundred  pound  a  tun  for  those  grosse  Commodities  in 
Denmarke,  then  send  for  them  hither,  till  more  necessary  things 
be  provided.  For  in  over-toyling  our  weake  and  vnskilfull 
bodies,  to  satisfie  this  desire  of  present  profit,  we  can  scarce  ever 
recover  our  selues  from  one  Supply  to  another. 

And  I  humbly  intreat  you  hereafter,  let  vs  know  what  we 
should  receiue,  and  not  stand  to  the  Saylers  courtesie  to  leaue 
vs  what  they  please ;  els  you  may  charge  vs  with  what  you  will, 
but  we  not  you  with  any  thing. 

These  are  the  causes  that  haue  kept  vs  in  Virginia,  from 
laying  such  a  foundation,  that  ere  this  might  haue  given  much 
better  content  and  satisfaction ;  but  as  yet  you  must  not  looke 
for  any  profitable  retumes  :  so  I  humbly  rest. 


[1608] 


The  Names   of  those  in  this  Supply,  were  these  :  t>-  »«•] 
with  their  Proceedings  and  Accidents. 


Captaine  Peter  Winne, 
Captaine  Richard  Waldo, 


were  appoynted  to  be  of  the 
Councell. 


Master  Francis  West,  brother  to  the  Lord  La  VVarre. 


Thomas  Graues.          N 

George  Burton. 

Raleigh  Chroshaw. 

Thomas  Abbay. 

Gabriel  Beadle. 

William  Dowman. 

. 

John  Beadle. 

Thomas  Maxes. 

-*-» 

G 

Iohn  Russell. 

Michael  Lowick. 

(L) 
O 

William  Russell. 

Master  Hunt. 

Iohn  Cuderington. 

Thomas  Forrest. 

William  Sambage. 

f3 

Iohn  Dauxe. 

Henry  Leigh. 

Henry  Philpot. 

Thomas  Phelps. 

Harmon  Harrison. 

Iohn  Prat. 

—  rv? 

Daniel  Tucker. 

Iohn  Clarke. 

Si 

Henry  Collings. 

Ieffrey  Shortridge. 

S-'2 

03    t^ 

Hugh  Wolleston. 

Dionis  Oconor. 

Iohn  Hoidt. 

Hugh  Winne. 

g  f 

Thomas  Norton. 

Dauid  ap  Hugh. 

H.S 

George  Yarington.      , 

Thomas  Bradley. 

[73T 

446   The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,    Lia  3.  [w.^uripESViSdwiL 


[1608] 


John  Burr  as. 

c 

Nicholas  Hancock. 

Thomas  Lavander. 

B 

Walker. 

Henry  Bell. 

Williams. 

Master  Powell. 

-  0> 

Flond. 

David  Ellis. 

u 

M  or  ley. 

Thomas  Gibson.        j 

Rose. 

Thomas  Dawse. 

\  £* 

Scot. 

Thomas  Mallard. 

§2 

Hardwyn. 

William  Taylcr. 

•a* 

Milman. 

Thomas  Fox. 

M 

Hilliard. 

Mistresse   Forrest. 

and   Anne   Burras   her  mai 

C/3 
CD 
>> 

o 


tion. 
[/>.  130.] 


eight 

Dutch  men  and  Poles,  with  some  others,  to  the  number  of 
seaventie  persons,  &c. 

Nandsa-  These  poore  conclusions  so  affrighted  vs  all  with  famine, 

tTc^tHbu?1  that  the  President  provided  for  Nandsamund,  and  tooke 
with  him  Captaine  Winne,  and  Master  Scrivener,  then 
returning  from  Captaine  Newport. 

These  people  also  long  denied  him  not  onely  the  400 
Baskets  of  Come  they  promised  [p.  432],  but  any  trade  at 
all ;  (excusing  themselues  they  had  spent  most  they  had  ; 
and  were  commanded  by  Powhatan  to  keepe  that  they 
had,  and  not  to  let  vs  come  into  their  river)  till  we  were 
constrained  to  begin  with  them  perforce. 

Vpon  the  discharging  of  our  Muskets  they  all  fled  and 
shot  not  an  Arrow ;  the  first  house  we  came  to  we  set  on 
fire,  which  when  they  perceiued,  they  desired  we  would 
make  no  more  spoyle,  and  they  would  giue  vs  halfe 
they  had  :  how  they  collected  it  I  know  not,  but  before 
night  they  loaded  our  three  Boats. 

And  so  we  returned  to  our  quarter  some  foure  myles 
downe  the  River,  which  was  onely  the  open  woods  vnder 
the  lay  of  a  hill,  where  all  the  ground  was  covered  with 
snow,  and  hard  frozen;  the  snow  we  digged  away  and  made 
a  great  fire  in  the  place;  when  the  ground  was  well  dryed, 
we  turned  away  the  fire  ;  and  covering  the  place  with  a 
mat,  there  we  lay  very  warme.  To  keepe  vs  from  the 
winde  we  made  a  shade  of  another  Mat ;  as  the  winde 
turned  we  turned  our  shade :  and  when  the  ground  grew 
cold  we  remoued  the  fire.  And  thus  many  a  cold  winter 
night  haue  wee  laine  in  this  miserable  manner,  yet  those 


Ed.byw.simmonds:-|   LlB   ^  wM  t/ie  second  supply  in  Virginia.    447 

that  most  commonly  went  vpon  all  those  occasions,  were      [1608] 
alwayes  in  health,  lusty,  and  fat. 

For  sparing  them  this  yeare,the  next  yeare  they  promised 
to  plant  purposely  for  vs ;  and  so  we  returned  to  lames  towne. 

About  this  time  there   was   a   marriage   betwixt   John  The  first 
Lay  don  and  Anne  Burr  as ;  which  was  the  first  marriage  ?S«£.m 
we  had  in  Virginia. 

Long  he  stayed  not,  but  fitting  himselfe  and  Captaine 
Waldo  with  two  Barges.  From  Chawopoweanock,  and  all 
parts  thereabouts,  all  the  people  were  fled,  as  being  iealous 
of  our  intents ;  till  we  discovered  the  river  and  people  of  #"^2* 
Apamatuck  ;  where  we  found  not  much  :  that  they  had  we 
equally  divided ;  but  gaue  them  copper  and  such  things  as 
contented  them  in  consideration. 

Master  Scrivener  and  Lieutenant  Percie  went  also  abroad, 
but  could  find  nothing. 

The  President  seeing  the  procrastinating  of  time,  was 
no  course  to  Hue,  resolved  with  Captaine  Waldo  (whom  he 
knew  to  be  sure  in  time  of  need)  to  surprise  Powhatan, 
and  all  his  provision,  but  the  vnwillingnesse  of  Captaine 
Winne,  and  Master  Scrivener  (for  some  private  respect, 
plotted  in  England  to  ruine  Captaine  Smith)  [^.460],  did  their 
best  to  hinder  their  proiect. 

But  the  President  whom  no  perswasions  could  perswade  to 
starue,  being  invited  by  Powhatan  to  come  vnto  him :  and  if 
he  would  send  him  but  men  to  build  him  a  house,  giue  him  a 
gryndstone,  fiftie  swords,  some  peeces,  a  cock  and  a  hen,  with 
much  copper  and  beads,  he  would  load  his  Ship  with  Corne. 

The  President  not  ignorant  of  his  devises  and  subtiltie,yet 
vnwilling  to  neglect  any  opportunitie,  presently  sent  three 
Dutch-men  and  two  English ;  having  so  small  allowance, 
[that]  few  were  able  to  doe  any  thing  to  purpose :  knowing 
there  needed  no  better  a  Castle  to  effect  this  proiect,  tooke 
order  with  Captaine  Waldo  to  second  him,  if  need  required. 
Scrivener  he  left  his  substitute,  and  set  forth  with  the  Pin- 
nace, two  Barges,  and  fortie  six  men,  which  onely  were  such 
as  voluntarily  offered  themselues  for  his  Iourney,  the  which  \J  131-] 
by  reason  of  Master  Scriveners  illsuccesse,  was  censured  very 
desperate:  they  all  knowingSm^/t  would  not  returne  emptie, 
if  it  were  to  be  had ;  howsoever,  it  caused  many  of  those 
that  he  had  appointed,  to  find  excuses  to  stay  behinde.  [74] 


I4^>    The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,    Lib.  3.  [w.pwttiJSS 


A:  Todkill. 


[1608-9] 


[/».  13a] 


CHAPTER      VIII. 

Captaine  Smiths  loumey  to  Pamavnkee 

sjj^He  twentie-nine  of  December  [1608]  he  set  forward 
for  Werowocomoco  :  his  Company  were  these  ; 

In  the  Discovery  Barge  himself e. 


Robert  Behethland. 
Nathanael  Graucs. 
John  Russell. 
Raleigh  Chrashow. 
Michael  Sicklemore. 
Richard  W  or  ley. 


Anas  Todkill. 
William  Lone. 
William  Bentley. 
Jeffrey  Shortridgc. 
Edward  Pising. 
William  Ward. 


u 

o 
C/2 


In  the  Pinnace. 

Lieutenant  Percie,  brother  to  the  Earle  of  Northumberland. 
Master  Francis  West,  brother  to  the  Lord  La  Warre. 
William  Phittiplace,  Captaine  of  the  Pinnace. 


Michael  Phittiplace. 
Ieffrey  Abbot,  Ser- 

ieant. 
William  Tankard. 
George  Yarington. 
lames  Browne. 
Edward  Brinton. 
George  Burton. 
Thomas  Coe. 


a 

U 

o 


DO 
U 

o 
10 


Ionas  Profit,  Master. 

Robert  Ford,  Clarke  of  the 
Councell. 


Iohn  Dods,  Souldier. 
Henry  Powell,  Souldier. 


Thomas  Gipson,  David  Ellis,  Nathanael  Peacock,  Saylers ; 
Iohn  Prat,  George  Acrig,  lames  Read,  Nicholas  Hancock, 
lames  Watkins,  Thomas  Lambert,  foure  Dutch-men,  and 
Richard  Salvage  were  sent  by  land  before,  to  build  the  house 
for  Powhatan  against  our  Arrivall. 

This  company  being  victualled  but  for  three  or  foure 
dayes,  lodged  the  first  night  at  Warraskoyack,  where  the 
President  tooke  sufficient  provision. 

This  kind  King  did  his  best  to  divert  him  from  seeing 
Powhatan  ;  but  perceiuing  he  could  not  prevaile,  he  advised 
in  this  manner. 


Ed.  by  w.  s^monds.-j  LIB   ^     witjz  fa  secon(i  suppiy  in  Virginia.   449 

Captaine  Smith,  you  shall  find  Powhatan  to  vse  you  [1608-9] 
kindly :  but  trust  him  not,  and  be  sure  he  haue  no  JJjJjJg^f 
oportunitie  to  seize  on  your  Armes ;  for  he  hath  sent   warras- 
for  you  onely  to  cut  your  throats.  ioyack' 

The  Captaine  thanking  him  for  his  good  counsell :  yet  the 
better  to  try  his  loue,  desired  guides  to  Chawwonock  ;  for  he 
would  send  a  present  to  that  King,  to  bind  him  his  friend. 
To  performe  this  iourney  was  sent  Master  Sicklemore,  a  very 
valiant,  honest,  and  a  painefull  Souldier :  with  him  two 
guides,  and  directions  how  to  seeke  for  the  lost  company  of 
Sir  Walter  Raleighs,  and  silke  Grasse. 

Then  we  departed  thence,  the  President  assuring  the 
King  [of  his]  perpetuall  loue  ;  and  left  with  him  Samuel 
Collier  his  Page  to  learne  the  Language. 

So  this  Kings  deeds  by  sacred  Oath  adiurd. 
More  wary  proues,  and  circumspect  by  ods  : 
Fearing  at  least  his  double  forfeiture  ; 
To  offend  his  friends,  and  sin  against  his  Gods. 

The  next  night  [30  Dec.  1608],  being  lodged  at  Kecoughtan;  rientie  of 
six  or  seaven  dayes  the  extreame  winde,  rayne,  frost  and  victua  s' 
snow  caused  vs  to  keepe  Christmas  [31  Dec.  1608 — 6  Jan. 
1609]  among  the  Salvages,  where  we  were  never  more 
merry,  nor  fed  on  more  plentie  of  good  Oysters,  Fish, 
Flesh,  Wild-foule,  and  good  bread;  nor  never  had  better 
fires  in  England,  then  in  the  dry  smoaky  houses  of  Kecoughtan. 

But  departing  thence,  when  we  found  no  houses  we  were 
not  curious  in  any  weather  to  lye  three  or  foure  nights 
together  vnder  the  trees  by  a  fire,  as  formerly  is  sayd  [p.  446] .   148  Fouie* 
An   hundred   fortie    eight  foules    the    President,  Anthony  \iiltt*1 
Bagnall,  and  Serieant  Pising  did  kill  at  three  shoots.  shootes. 

At  Kiskiack  the  frost  and  contrary  winds  forced  vs  three 
or  foure  dayes  also  (to  suppresse  the  insolency  of  those  \J- 133O 
proud  Salvages)  to  quarter  in  their  houses,  yet  guard  our 
Barge,  and  cause  them  [to]  giue  vs  what  we  wanted  ; 
though  we  were  but  twelue  and  himselfe,  yet  we  never 
wanted  shelter  where  we  found  any  houses. 

The  12  of  Ianuary  [1609]  we  arrived  at  Werowocomoco, 
where  the  river  was  frozen  neare  halfe  a  myle  from  the  shore; 
but  to  neglect  [75]  no  time,  the  President  with  his  Barge  so 
far  had  approached  by  breaking  the  ice,  as  the  ebbe  left  him 

2Q 


450    The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,   Lib.  3.  [ 


R.  Wyffin,  J.  Abbot. 
W.  I'hittiplace,  A.  Todkill. 


[1609] 


Captaine 
Smiths 
discourse  to 
Fowhatan. 


[/•  134-1 


Powhatan* 
reply  and 
flattery. 


amongst  those  oasie  shoules,  yet  rather  then  to  lye  there 
frozen  to  death,  by  his  owne  example  he  taught  them  to 
march  neere  middle  deepe,  a  flight  shot  through  this 
muddy  frozen  oase.  When  the  Barge  floated,  he  ap- 
poynted  two  or  three  to  returne  her  aboord  the  Pinnace. 
Where  for  want  of  water,  in  melting  the  ice,  they  made 
fresh  water,  for  the  river  there  was  salt.  But  in  this 
march  Master  Russell,  (whom  none  could  perswade  to  stay 
behinde)  being  somewhat  ill,  and  exceeding  heauie,  so  over- 
toyled  himselfe  as  the  rest  had  much  adoe  (ere  he  got 
ashore)  to  regaine  life  into  his  dead  benummed  spirits. 

Quartering  in  the  next  houses  we  found,  we  sent  to  Pow- 
hatan for  provision  ;  who  sent  vs  plentie  of  bread,  Turkies, 
and  Venison. 

The  next  day  [13  Jan.]  having  feasted  vs  after  his  ordinary 
manner,he  began  to  aske  vs  when  we  would  be  gone:  fayning  he 
sent  not  for  vs, neither  had  he  any  come;  and  his  people  much 
lesse:  yetforfortieswordshewouldprocurevsfortieBaskets. 

The  President  shewing  him  the  men  there  present  that 
brought  him  the  message  and  conditions,  asked  Powhatan  how 
itchancedhebecamesoforgetfull;thereattheKingconcluded 
the  matter  with  a  merry  laughter,  asking  for  our  Commo- 
dities, but  none  he  liked  without  gunnes  and  swords,  valuing 
a  Basket  of  Come  more  precious  then  a  Basket  of  Copper ; 
saying  he  could  rate  [eat]  his  Come,  but  not  the  Copper. 

Captaine  Smith  seeing  the  intent  of  this  subtill  Salvage, 
began  to  deale  with  him  after  this  manner. 

Powhatan,  though  I  had  many  courses  to  haue  made  my  pro- 
vision, yet  beleeving  your  promises  to  supply  my  wants,  I  neglected 
all  to  satisfieyour  desire :  and  to  testifie  my  hue,  I  sent  you  my 
men  for  your  building,  neglecting  mine  owne.  What  your  people 
had,  you  haue  engrossed,  forbidding  them  our  trade  :  and  now 
you  thinke  by  consuming  the  time,  we  shall  consume  for  want, 
not  having  to  fulfill  your  strange  demands.  As  for  swords  and 
gunnes,  I  told  you  long  agoe  I  had  none  to  spare ;  and  you 
must  know  those  I  haue  can  keepe  me  from  want :  yet  steale  or 
wrong  you  I  will  not,  nor  dissolue  that  friendship  we  haue 
mutually  promised,  except  you  constrainc  me  by  our  bad  vsage. 

The  King  having  attentively  listned  to  this  Discourse, 
promised  that  both  he  and  his  Country  would  spare  him  what 
he  could,  the  which  within  two  dayes  they  should  receiue.     Yet 


EuVbyw.simmonds.-|   LlB   ^    with  the  second  supply  inV\xgm\2i.   451 

Captaine  Smith,  sayth  the  King,  some  doubt  I  haue  of  your  [1609] 
comming  hither,  that  makes  me  not  so  kindly  seeke  to  relieueyou 
as  I  would :  for  many  doe  informe  me,  your  comming  hither  is 
not  for  trade,  but  to  invade  my  people,  and  possesse  my  Country, 
who  dare  not  come  to  bring  you  come,  seeing  you  thus  armed 
with  your  men.  To  free  vs  of  this  feare,  leaue  aboord  your 
weapons,  for  here  they  are  needlesse,  we  being  all  friends,  and 
for  ever  Powhatans. 

With  many  such  discourses,  they  spent  the  day;  quarter- 
ing that  night  in  the  Kings  houses. 

The  next  day  [14  Jan.]  he  renewed  his  building,  which  hee 
little  intended  should  proceede.  For  the  Dutch-men  finding 
his  plentie,  and  knowing  our  want;  and  perceiving  his 
preparations  to  surprise  vs,  little  thinking  we  could  escape 
both  him  and  famine  ;  (to  obtaine  his  favour)  revealed  to 
him  so  much  as  they  knew  of  our  estates  and  proiects,  and 
how  to  prevent  them.  One  of  them  being  of  so  great  a 
spirit,  iudgement,  and  resolution;  and  a  hireling  that  was 
certaine  of  his  wages  for  his  labour,  and  ever  well  vsed  both 
he  and  his  Countrymen;  that  the  President  knew  not  whom 
better  to  trust:  and  not  knowing  any  fitter  for  that  imploy- 
ment,  he  sent  him  as  a  spy  to  discover  Powhatans  intent, 
then  little  doubting  his  honestie,  nor  could  ever  be  certaine 
of  his  villa[i]ny  till  neare  halfe  a  yeare  after  [p.  467]. 

Whilst  we  expected  the  comming  in  of  the  Country,  we  [/•  »3f.l 
wrangled  out  of  the  King  ten  quarters  of  Corne  for  a  copper 
Kettell,  the  which  the  President  perceiving  him  much  to 
affect,  valued  it  at  a  much  greater  rate  ;  but  in  regard  of 
his  scarcity  he  would  accept  it,  provided  we  should  haue 
as  much  more  the  next  yeare,  or  els  the  Country  of 
Monacan.  Wherewith  each  seemed  well  contented,  and 
Powhatan  began  to  expostulate  the  difference  of  Peace 
and  Warre  after  this  manner. 

Captaine  Smith,  you  may  vnderstand  that  I  having  seene  ^JJ^JJ 
the  death  of  all  my  people  thrice,  and  not  any  one  lining  of  those  peace  and 
three  generations  but  my  selfe  ;  I  know  the  difference  of  Peace 
and  Warre  better  then  any  in  my  Country.  But  now  I  am 
old  and  ere  long  must  die,  my  brethren  [76J ,  namely  Opitcha- 
pam,  Opechancanough,  and  Kekataugh,  my  two  sisters,  and 
their  two  daughters,  are  distinctly  each  others  successors.  I  wish 
their  experience  no  lesse  then  mine,  and  your  loue  to  them  no 


452    Tfie  Discoveries  and  Accidents,   Lib.  3.  [w.  PhuriK^-r^ikS. 

[1609]  lesse  then  mine  to  you.  But  this  bruit  from  Nandsamund,  that 
you  are  come  to  destroy  my  Country,  so  much  affrighteth  all  my 
people  as  they  dare  not  visit  you.  What  will  it  availe  you  to 
take  that  by  force  you  may  quickly  haue  by  hue,  or  to  destroy 
them  that  provide  you  food.  What  can  you  get  by  warre,  when 
we  can  hide  our  provisions  and  fly  to  the  woods  ?  whereby  you 
m  ust  famish  by  wronging  vs  your  friends.  A  nd  why  are  you  thus 
iealous  of  our  hues  seeing  vs  vnarmed,  and  both  doe,  and  are  will- 
ing still  to  feede  you,  with  that  you  cannot  get  but  by  our  labours  ? 
Thinke  you  I  am  so  simple,  not  to  know  it  is  better  to  eate  good 
meate,  lye  well,  and  sleepe  quietly  with  my  women  and  children, 
laugh  and  be  merry  with  you,  haue  copper,  hatchets,  or  what  I 
want  being  your  friend  :  then  be  forced  to  flie  from  all,  to  lie 
cold  in  the  woods,  feede  vpon  A  comes,  rootes,  and  such  trash; 
and  be  so  hunted  by  you,  that  I  can  neither  rest,  eate,  nor  sleepe ; 
but  my  tyred  men  must  watch,  and  if  a  twig  but  breake,  every 
one  cryeth  there  commeth  Captaine  Smith  :  then  must  I  fly  I 
know  not  whether  :  and   thus   with  miserable  feare,  end   my 

\p.  136.]  miserable  life,  leaning  my  pleasures  to  such  youths  as  you,  which 
through  your  rash  vnaduisednesse  may  quickly  as  miserably  end, 
for  want  of  that,  you  never  know  where  to  finde.  Let  this 
therefore  assure  you  of  our  loues,  and  every  yeere  our  friendly  trade 
shall  furnish  you  with  Come;  and  now  also,  if  you  would  come  in 
friendly  manner  to  see  vs,  and  not  thus  with  your  guns  and 
swords  as  to  invade  your  foes. 

wine  ^°  ^ls  subtill  discourse,  the  President  thus  replyed. 

Reply.  Seeing  you  will  not  rightly  conceiue  of  our  words,  we  striue 

to  make  you  know  our  thoughts  by  our  deeds;  the  vow  I  made 
you  of  my  loue,  both  my  selfe  and  my  men  haue  kept.  As  for 
your  promise  I  find  it  euery  day  violated  by  some  of  your  sub- 
jects :  yet  we  finding  your  loue  and  kindenesse,  our  custome  is  so 
far  from  being  vngratefull,  that  for  your  sake  onely,  we  haue 
curbed  our  thirsting  desire  of  revenge ;  els  had  they  knowne  as 
well  the  crueltie  we  vse  to  our  enemies,  as  our  true  loue  and 
courtesie  to  our  friends.  And  I  thinke  your  iudgement  suffi- 
cient to  conceiue,  as  well  by  the  adventures  we  haue  vndertaken, 
as  by  the  advantage  we  haue  (by  our  A  rmes)  of  yours :  that  had 
we  intended  you  any  hurt,  long  ere  this  we  could  haue  effected 
it.  Your  people  comming  to  lames  Towne  are  entertained  with 
their  Bowes  and  A  rrowes  without  any  exceptions ;  we  esteeming  it 
with  you  as  it  is  with  vs,  to  weare  our  armes  as  our  apparell.   As 


Ed.  by  W.  Simmonds."] 
1612-1624.J 


Lib.  3.  with  the  second supply  z/z  Virginia.    453 


for  the  danger  of  our  enemies,  in  such  war  res  consist  our  chief  est 
pleasure  :  for  your  riches  we  haue  no  vse  :  as  for  the  hiding  your 
provision,  or  by  your  flying  to  the  woods,  we  shall  not  so  vnad- 
visedly  starue  as  you  conclude,  your  friendly  care  in  that  behalf e 
is  needlesse,  for  we  haue  a  rule  to  finde  beyond  your  knowledge. 

Many  other  discourses  they  had,  till  at  last  they  began  to 
trade.  But  the  King  seeing  his  will  would  not  be  admitted 
as  a  law,  our  guard  [not]  dispersed,  nor  our  men  disarmed, 
he  (sighing)  breathed  his  minde  once  more  in  this  manner. 

Captaine  Smith,  /  neuer  vse  any  Werowance  so  kindely  as 
your  selfe,  yet  from  you  I  receiue  the  least  kindnesse  of  any. 
Captaine  Newport  gaue  me  swords,  copper,  cloathes,  a  bed, 
towels,  or  what  I  desired ;  euer  taking  what  I  offered  him,  and 
would  send  away  his  gunnes  when  I  intreated  him  :  none  doth 
deny  to  lye  [lay]  at  my  feet,  or  refuse  to  doe,  what  I  desire,  but 
onely  you ;  of  whom  I  can  haue  nothing  but  what  you  regard  not, 
and  yet  you  will  haue  whatso  euer  you  demand.  Captaine  New- 
port you  call  father,  and  so  you  call  me ;  but  I  see  for  all  vs 
both  you  will  doe  what  you  list,  and  we  must  both  seeke  to  con- 
tent you.  But  if  you  intend  so  friendly  as  you  say,  send  hence 
your  amies,  that  I  may  beleeue  you;  for  you  see  the  loue  I  beare 
you,  doth  cause  me  thus  nakedly  to  forget  my  selfe. 

Stnith  seeing  this  Salvage  but  trifle  the  time  to  cut  his 
throat,  procured  the  Salvages  to  breake  the  ice,  that  his 
Boate  might  come  to  fetch  his  corne  and  him ;  and  gaue 
order  for  more  men  to  come  on  shore,  to  surprise  the  King, 
with  whom  also  he  but  trifled  the  time  till  his  men  were 
landed :  and  to  keepe  him  from  suspicion,  entertained  the 
time  with  this  reply. 

Powhatan  you  must  know,  as  I  haue  but  one  God,  I  honour 
but  one  King ;  and  I  Hue  not  here  as  your  subiect,  but  as  your 
friend  to  pleasure  you  with  what  I  can.  By  the  gifts  you 
bestow  on  me,  you  gaine  more  then  by  trade :  yet  woiddyou  visit 
mee  as  I  doe  you,  you  should  know  it  is  not  our  custome,  to  sell  our 
curtesies  as  a  vendible  commodity.  Bring  all  your  [77]  countrey 
with  you  for  your  guard,  I  will  not  dislike  it  as  being  ouer 
iealous.  But  to  content  you,  to  morrow  I  will  leaue  my  Amies, 
and  trust  to  your  promise.  I  call  you  father  indeed,  and  as  a 
father  you  shall  see  I  will  loue  you :  but  the  small  care  you-  haue  of 
such  a  childe  caused  my  men  to  perswade  me  to  looke  to  my  selfe. 

By  this  time  Powhatan  hauing  knowledge  his  men  were 


[1609] 


[/•  137-1 

Powhatans 
importunity 
to  haue  vs 
vnarmed  to 
betray  vs. 


Captaine 
Smiths 
discourse  to 
delay  time, 
till  he  found 
oportunity 
to  surprise 
the  King. 


[The  last 
time  Smith 
sees  Pow- 
hatan.] 


454   The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,   Lib.  3.  [w.ii*«&^mE 

[1609]      ready;  whilest  the  ice  was  a  breaking,  with  his  luggage 

^t^ftu*  women  an^  children,  fled.     Yet  to  auoyd  suspicion,  left 

murdered     two  or  three  of  the  women  talking  with  the  Captaine, 

*■**■        whilest  hee  secretly  ran  away,  and  that  his  men  secretly 

beset  the  house.     Which  being  presently  discouered  to 

[>-i38.]       Captaine   Smith,  with  his  pistoll,  sword,  and  target   hee 

made  such  a  passage  among  these  naked  Diuels ;  that  at 

his  first  shoot,  they  next  him  tumbled  one  ouer  another, 

and  the  rest  quickly  fled  some  one  way,  some  another  :  so 

that  without  any  hurt,  onely  accompanied  with  Iohn  Russell, 

hee  obtained  the  corps  du  guard. 

When  they  perceiued  him  so  well  escaped,  and  with  his 

eighteene  men  (for  he  had  no  more  with  him  a  shore),  to 

the  vttermost  of  their  skill  they  sought  excuses  to  dissemble 

the  matter:  andPowhatan  to  excuse  his  flight  and  the  sudden 

a  chaine  of  comming  of  this  multitude,  sent  our  Captaine  a  great  brace- 

STok'toine  *et  anc* a  cname  of  pearle,by  an  ancient  Oratour  that  bespoke 

fora present,  vs  to  this  purpose ;  perceiuing  euen  then  from  our  Pinnace, 

a  Barge  and  men  departing  and  comming  vnto  vs. 

Captaine  Smith,  our  Werowance  is  fled,  fearing  your  gunnes, 

and  knowing  when  the  ice  was  broken  there  would  come  more 

men,  sent  these  numbers  but  to  guard  his  come  from  stealing, 

that  might  happen  without  your  knowledge  :  now  though  some 

bee  hurt  by  your  misprision,  yet  Powhatan  is  your  friend  and 

so  will  for  euer  continue.     Now  since  the  ice  is  open,  he  would 

haue  you  send  away  your  corne;  and  if  you  would  haue  his 

company,  send  away  also  your  gunnes,  which  so  affrighteth  his 

people,  that  they  dare  not  come  to  you  as  hee  promised  they  should. 

Pretending        Then  hauing  prouided  baskets  for  our  men  to  carry  our 

men  iMded   come  to  the  boats,  they  kindly  offered  their  seruice  to  guard 

we^edts'  our  Armes,  that  none  should  steale  them.     A  great  many 

t^mdoit    they  were  of  goodly  well  proportioned  fellowes,  as  grim  as 

Diuels  ;  yet  [at]  the  very  sight  of  cocking  our  matches,  and 

being  to  let  fly,  a  few  wordes  caused  them  to  leaue  their 

bowes  and  arrowes  to  our  guard,  and  beare  downe  our 

corne  on  their  backes ;  wee  needed  not  importune  them  to 

make  dispatch. 

But  our  Barges  being  left  on  the  oase  by  the  ebbe, 
caused  vs  stay  till  the  next  high-water;  so  that  wee 
returned  againe  to  our  old  quarter. 

Powhatan  and  his  Dutch-men  brusting  with  desire  to  haue 


Ed.  by  w.  simmonds."]   LlB   ^   w^  fa  seconcl supply  in  Virginia.    455 

the  head  of  Captaine  Smith ;  for  if  they  could  but  kill  him,  [1609] 
they  thought  all  was  theirs,  neglected  not  any  opportunity 
to  effect  his  purpose.  The  Indians  with  all  the  merry  sports 
they  could  deuise,  spent  the  time  till  night :  then  they  all 
returned  to  Powhatan,  who  all  this  time  was  making  ready 
his  forces  to  surprise  the  house  and  him  at  supper. 

Notwithstanding  the  eternall  all-seeing  God  did  preuent 
him,  and  by  a  strange  meanes.     For  Pocahontas  his  dearest  ^^M 
iewell  and  daughter,  in  that  darke  night  came  through  the  hwfSE* 
irksome  woods,  and  told  our  Captaine  great  cheare  should  urn  «.to 
be  sent  vs  by  and  by:  but  Powhatan  and  all  the  power  he 
could  make,  would  after  come  kill  vs  all,  if  they  that  brought 
it  could  not  kill  vs  with  our  owne  weapons  when  we  were  at 
supper.     Therefore  if  we  would  Hue,  shee  wished  vs  pre- 
sently to  bee  gone.     Such  things  as  shee  delighted  in,  he 
would  haue  giuen  her :  but  with  the  teares  running  downe 
her  cheekes,  shee  said  shee  durst  not  be  seene  to  haue  any : 
for  if  Powhatan  should  know  it,  she  were  but  dead,  and  so 
shee  ranne  away  by  her  selfe  as  she  came. 

Within  lesse  than  an  houre  came  eight  or  ten  lusty  fellowes, 
with  great  platters  of  venison  and  other  victuall,  very  impor- 
tunate to  haue  vs  put  out  our  matches  (whose  smoake  made 
them  sicke)  and  sit  down  to  our  victuall.  But  the  Captaine 
made  them  taste  euery  dish,  which  done  hee  sent  some  of 
them  backe  to  Powhatan,  to  bid  him  make  haste  for  hee 
was  prepared  for  his  comming.  As  for  them  hee  knew 
they  came  to  betray  him  at  his  supper:  but  hee  would 
prevent  them  and  all  their  other  intended  villanies  :  so 
that  they  might  be  gone.  Not  long  after  came  more  mes- 
sengers, to  see  what  newes  ;  not  long  after  them,  others. 

Thus  wee  spent  the  night  as  vigilantly  as  they,  till  it  was 
high-water,  yet  seemed  to  the  saluages  [78]  as  friendly  as 
they  to  vs  :  and  that  wee  were  so  desirous  to  giue  Powha- 
tan content,  as  hee  requested,  wee  did  leaue  him  Edward 
Brynton  to  kill  him  foule,  and  the  Dutch-men  to  finish  his 
house ;  thinking  at  our  returne  from  Pamavnkee  the  frost 
would  be  gone,  and  then  we  might  finde  a  better  oppor- 
tunity if  necessity  did  occasion  it,  little  dreaming  yet  of  the 
Dutch-mens  treachery,  whose  humorwell  su[i]tedthisverse: 

7s  any  free,  that  may  not  Hue  as  freely  as  he  list  ? 

Let  vs  Hue  so,  then  w'are  as  free,  and  bruitish  as  the  best. 


Winn* 


456   The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,   Lib.  3.  [w.  PhutSVi^kut 

("390  CHAPTER      IX. 

How  wee  escaped  surprising  at  Pamavnkee. 

E  had  no  sooner  set  sayle  but  Powhatan  returned, 
and  sent  Adam  and. Francis  {two  stout  Dutch-men 
[pp.  467,  487])  to  lames  towne  :  who  faining  to 
Captaine  Winnethat  all  things  were  well,  and  that 
Captaine  Smith  had  vse  of  their  armes,  wherefore  they 
requested  new  (the  which  were  giuen  them).  They  told  him 
their  comming  was  for  some  extraordinary  tooles,  and  shift 
of  apparell ;  by  which  colourable  excuse  they  obtained  sixe  or 
seauen  more  to  their  confederacie,  such  expert  theeues,  that 
presently  furnished  them  with  a  great  many  swords,  pike- 
heads,  peeces,  shot,  powder  and  such  like  :  Saluages  they 
had  at  hand  to  carry  it  away;  and  the  next  day  they  returned 
vnsuspected,  leauing  their  confederates  to  follow,  and  in  the 
interim  to  convay  them  such  things  as  they  could :  for  which 
seruice  they  should  Hue  with  Powhatan  as  his  chiefe  affected, 
free  from  those  miseries  that  would  happen  [to]  the  Colony. 
The  Dutch  Samuel  their  other  consort  Powhatan  kept  for  their  pledge, 
thensarunages  whose  diligence  had  prouided  them  three  hundred  of  their 
with  Ames,  kinde  0f  hatchets ;  the  rest  fifty  swords,  eight  peeces,  and 
eight  pikes. 

Brynton  and  Richard  Salvage  seeing  the  Dutch-men  so 
diligent  to  accommodate  the  Saluages  with  weapons, 
attempted  to  haue  gotten  to  lames  towne;  but  they  were 
apprehended,  and  expected  euer  when  to  be  put  to  death. 

Within  two  or  three  dayes,  we  arriued  at  Pamavnkee,  the 
King  as  many  dayes  entertained  vs  with  feasting  and  much 
mirth. 

And  the  day  appointed  to  beginne  our  trade,  the  President, 
Lieutenant  Percie,  Master  West,  Master  Russell,  Master 
Behethland,  Master  Crashaw,  Master  Powell,  Master  Ford, 
and  some  others  to  the  number  of  fifteene,  went  vp  to 
Opechancanonghs  house  a  quarter  of  a  mile  from  the  riuer ; 
where  wee  found  nothing  but  a  lame  fellow  and  a  boy  : 
and  all  the  houses  round  about  of  all  things  abandoned. 
lA»4o.j  Not  long  wee  stayed  ere  the  King  arriued,  and  after  him 

came  diuerse  of  his  people  loaden  with  bowes  and  arrowes : 
but  such  pinching   commodities,  and  those  esteemed  at 


Ed.byw.s;mmonds.-|   lib^  with  the  second supply z#  Virginia.   457 


Smiths 
Speech  to 
Opechan- 
canough. 


such  a  value,  as  our  Captaine  began  with  the  King  after      [1609] 
this  manner. 

Opechancanough,  the  great  hue  you  prof  esse  with  your  tongue, 
seemes  meere  deceit  by  your  actions.  Last  yeere  you  kindly 
fraughted  our  ship :  but  now  you  haue  inuited  mee  to  starue 
with  hunger :  you  know  my  want,  and  I  your  plenty ;  of  which 
by  some  meanes  I  must  haue  part :  remember  it  is  fit  for  Kings 
to  keepe  their  promise.  Here  are  my  commodities,  whereof  take 
your  choice;  the  rest  I  will  proportion  fit  bargains  for  your  people. 

The  King  seemed  kindly  to  accept  his  offer,  and  the  better 
to  colour  his  proiect,  sold  vs  what  they  had  to  our  owne  con- 
tent ;  promising  the  next  day,  more  company,  better  prouided. 

The  Barges  and  Pinnace  being  committed  to  the  charge 
of  Master  Phetiplace ;  the  President  [the  next  day]  with  his 
old  fifteene  marched  vp  to  the  Kings  house :  where  wee  found 
foure  or  hue  men  newly  arriued,  each  with  a  great  basket. 

Not  long  after  came  the  King,  who  with  a  strained  cheer-  7«>.  Sai- 
fulnesse  held  vs  with  discourse  what  paines  he  had  taken  to  Slf  EngS. 
keep  his  promise ;  till  Master  Russell  brought  vs  in  newes  that  \™s  but 
we  were  all  betrayed :  for  at  least  seuen  hundred  Saluages  well 
armed,  had  inuironed  [79]  the  house,  and  beset  the  fields. 

The  King  coniecturing  what  Russell  related,  wee  could  well 
perceiue  how  the  extremity  of  his  feare  bewrayed  his  intent : 
whereat  some  of  our  company  seeming  dismaied  with  the 
thought  of  such  a  multitude  ;  the  Captaine  encouraged  vs 
to  this  effect. 

Worthy  Countrey-men,  were  the  mischiefes  of  my  seeming  f^("to 
friends  no  more  then  the  danger  of  these  enemies,  I  little  cared  his 
were  they  as  many  more :  if  you  dare  doe,  but  as  I.     But  this  Company- 
is  my  torment,  that  if  I  escape  them,  our  malicious  Councell 
with  their  open  mouthed  Minions,  will  make  me  such  a  peace- 
breaker  {in  their  opinions  in  England)  as  will  breake  my  necke. 
I  could  wish  those  here,  that  make  these  seeme  Saints,  and  me 
an  oppressor.     But  this  is  the  worst  of  all,  wherein  I  pray  you 
aid  mee  with  your  opinions.     Should  wee  beginne  with  them 
and  surprise  the  King,  we  cannot  keepe  him  and  defend  well  our 
selues.     If  wee  should  each  kill  our  man,  and  so  proceed  with 
all  in  the  house ;  the  rest  will  all  fly :  then  shall  wee  get  no  more 
then  the  bodies  that  are  slaine,  and  so  starue  for  victuall.     As 
for  their  fury  it  is  the  least  danger  ;  for  well  you  know,  being 


[>.  mi] 


458   The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,   Lib.  3.  [w.  phhtjac^xtdkut 


[1609] 


Smiths  offer 
to  Opechan- 
canough. 


Opechanca- 
nought 
deuice  to 
betray 
Smith. 


[/•  X42.] 


Smith 
taketh  tht 
King 
prisoner. 


alone  assaulted  with  two  or  three  hundred  of  them,  I  made  them  by 
the  helpe  of  God  compound  to  saue  my  life.  A  nd  wee  are  sixteene, 
and  they  but  seauen  hundred  at  the  most;  and  assure  your  selues, 
God  will  so  assist  vs,  that  if  you  dare  stand  but  to  discharge  your 
pieces,  the  very  smoake  will  bee  sufficient  to  affright  them.  Yet 
howsoeuer,  let  vs  fight  like  men,  and  not  die  like  sheepe :  for 
by  that  meanes  you  know  God  hath  oft  deliuered  mee,  and  so  I 
trust  will  now.  But  first,  I  will  deale  with  them,  to  bring  it  to 
passe  wee  may  fight  for  something,  and  draw  them  to  it  by  con- 
ditions.   If  you  like  this  motion,  promise  me  you  will  be  valiant. 

The  time  not  permitting  any  argument,  all  vowed  to 
execute  whatsoeuer  hee  attempted  or  die  ;  whereupon  the 
Captaine  in  plaine  tearmes  told  the  King  this. 

J  see  Opechancanough  your  plot  to  murder  me,  but  I  fear  e  it 
not.  As  yet  your  men  and  mine  haue  done  no  harme,  but  by 
our  direction.  Take  therefore  your  Amies,  you  see  mine,  my 
body  shall  bee  as  naked  as  yours :  the  Isle  in  your  riuer  is  a  fit 
place,  if  you  be  contented  :  and  the  conquerour  (of  vs  two)  shall 
be  Lord  and  Master  ouer  all  our  men.  If  you  haue  not  enough, 
take  time  to  fetch  more,  and  bring  what  number  you  will ;  so 
euery  one  bring  a  basket  of  come,  against  all  which  I  will  stake 
the  value  in  copper :  you  see  I  haue  but  fifteene,  and  our  game 
shall  be,  the  Conquerour  take  all. 

The  King  being  guarded  with  forty  or  fifty  of  his  chiefe 
men,  seemed  kindly  to  appease  Smiths  suspicion  of  vnkind- 
nesse,  by  a  great  present  at  the  doore,  they  intreated  him 
to  receiue.  This  was  to  draw  him  out  of  the  doore,  where 
the  bait  was  guarded  with  at  least  two  hundred  men,  and 
thirty  lying  vnder  a  great  tree  (that  lay  thwart  as  a  barri- 
cado)  each  his  arrow  nocked  ready  to  shoot. 

The  President  commanded  one  [evidently  a  soldier]  to  go  see 
what  kind  of  deceit  this  was,  and  to  receiue  the  present;  but 
hee  refused  to  doe  it;  yet  the  Gentlemen  and  all  the  rest  were 
importunate  to  goe,  but  he  would  not  permit  them,  being 
vexed  at  that  Coward :  and  commanded  Lieutenant  Percie, 
Master  West,  and  the  rest  to  make  good  the  house ;  Master 
Powell  and  Master  Behethland  he  commanded  to  guard  the 
doore;  and  in  such  a  rage  snatched  the  King  by  his  long  locke 
in  the  middest  of  his  men,  with  his  Pistoll  readiebent  against 
his  brest.  Thus  he  led  the  trembling  King,  neare  dead  with 
feare  amongst  all  his  people :  who  delivering  the  Captaine 


Ed.  by  w.  simmonds.-|   LlB  ^   witjt  fa  seC0nd supply  in  Virginia.    459 

his  Vambrace,  Bow,  and  Arrowes,  all  his  men  were  easily      [1609] 
intreated  to  cast  downe  their  Armes,  little  dreaming  any 
durst  in  that  manner  haue  vsed  their  King  :  who  then  to 
escape  himselfe  bestowed  his  presents  in  good  sadnesse. 

And  causing  a  great  many  of  them  come  before  him 
vnarmed,  holding  the  King  by  the  hayre  (as  is  sayd),  he 
spake  to  them  to  this  effect. 

I  see  (you  Pamavnkeesj  the  great  desire  you  haue  to  kill  me,  Smiths 
and  my  long  suffering  your  iniuries  hath  imboldened  you  to  fo^Ta- 
this  presumption.  The  cause  I  haue  forborne  your  insolencies,  n*™*"*- 
is  the  promise  I  made  you  (before  the  God  I  serue)  to  be  your 
friend,  till  you  giue  me  iust  cause  to  be  your  enemy.  If  I  keepe 
this  vow,  my  God  will  keepe  me,  you  cannot  hurt  me;  if  I  breake 
it,  he  will  destroy  me.  But  if  you  shoot  but  one  Arrow  to  shed 
one  drop  of  bloud  of  any  of  my  men,  or  steale  the  least  of  these 
Beads,  or  Copper,  I  spume  here  before  you  with  my  foot ;  you 
shall  see  I  will  not  cease  revenge  (if  once  I  begin)  so  long  as  I  can 
heare  where  to  finde  one  of  [80]  your  Nation  that  will  not  deny 
the  name  of  Pamavnk.  /  am  not  now  at  Rassaweak  halfe 
drowned  with  myre,  where  you  tooke  me  prisoner ;  yet  then  for 
keeping  your  promise  and  your  good  vsage  and  saving  my  life, 
I  so  affect  you,  that  your  denyals  of  your  trechery  doe  halfe 
perswade  me  to  mistake  my  selfe.  But  if  I  be  the  marke  you 
ayme  at,  here  I  stand,  shoot  he  that  dare.  You  promised  to 
fraught  my  Ship  ere  I  departed,  and  so  you  shall ;  or  I  meane  to 
load  her  with  your  dead  carcasses  :  yet  if  as  friends  you  will  !/■  x43-i 
come  and  trade,  I  once  more  promise  not  to  trouble  you,  except 
you  giue  me  the  first  occasion ;  and  your  King  shall  be  free  and 
be  my  friend,  for  I  am  not  come  to  hurt  him  or  any  of  you. 

Vpon  this,  away  went  their  Bowes  and  Arrowes ;  and  men,  ti» 
women,  and  children  brought  in  their  Commodities  :  two  or  dissemble 
three  houres  they  so  thronged  about  the  President  and  so  theirintcnt 
overwearied  him,  as  he  retyred  himselfe  to  rest,  leauing 
Master  Behethland and  Master Powellto  receiuetheir  presents. 

But  some  Salvages  perceiuing  him  fast  asleepe,  and  the 
guard  somewhat  carelesly  dispersed,  fortie  or  fiftie  of  their 
choise  men  each  with  a  club  or  an  English  sword  in  his  hand, 
began  to  enter  the  house  with  two  or  hundred  others,  that 
pressed  to  second  them.  The  noyse  and  hast  they  made  in, 
did  so  shake  the  house  they  awoke  him  from  his  sleepe  ;  and 
being  halfe  amazed  with  this  suddaine  sight,  [he]  betooke  him 


460   The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,   Lib.  3.  [w.PhutiK^T^S: 

[1609]  strait  to  his  sword  and  Target;  Master  Crashaw  and  some 
others  charged  in  like  manner ;  whereat  they  quickly 
thronged  faster  backe  than  before  forward.  The  house  thus 
cleansed,  the  King  and  some  of  his  auncients  we  kept  yet 

Their  excuse  with  him,  who  with  a  long  Oration,  excused  this  intrusion. 

and  recon-  r     i  i  •  • 

diement.  The  rest  of  the  day  was  spent  with  much  kindnesse,  the 

companie  againe  renewing  their  presents  with  their  best 
provisions,  and  whatsoever  he  gaue  them  they  seemed 
therewith  well  contented. 

Now  in  the  meane  while,  since  our  departure,  this  hapned 
at  our  Fort. 
5 Master         Master  Scrivener  having  receiued  Letters  from  England  to 
scrivener     make  himselfe  either  Ccesar  or  nothing,  he  began  to  decline 
with°a  skiff,  in  his  affection  to  Captaine  Smith  [p.  447],  that  ever  regarded 
him  as  himselfe  ;  and  was  willing  to  crosse  the  surprising  of 
Powhatan.  Some  certaine  daies  after  the  Presidents  depar- 
ture, he  would  needs  goe  visit  the  Isle  of  Hogs,  and  tooke 
with  himCaptaineP7fl/rfo(though  the  President  had  appointed 
him  to  be  ready  to  second  his  occasions)  with  Master  A  nthony 
Gosnoll  and  eight  others  ;  but  so  violent  was  the  wind  (that 
extreame  frozen  time)  that  the  Boat  sunke,  but  where  or  how 
none  doth  know.  The  Skiff  was  much  over-loaden,  and  would 
scarce  haue  liued  in  that  extreame  tempest  had  she  beene 
empty:  but  by  no  perswasion  he  could  be  diverted,  though 
both  Waldo  and  an  hundred  others  doubted  as  it  hapned. 
fA  M4-J  The  Salvages  were  the  first  that  found  their  bodies,  which 

so  much  the  more  encouraged  them  to  effect  their  proiects. 
To  advertise  the  President  of  this  heavie  newes,  none 
could  be  found  would  vndertake  it,  but  the  Iorney  was  often 
refused  of  all  in  the  Fort,  vntill  Master  Richard  Wyffin  vnder- 
Master        tooke  alone  the  performance  thereof.     In  this  Iourney  he 
d2j£e      was  incountred  with  many  dangers  and  difficulties  in  all 
iourney.       parts  as  he  passed.     As  for  that  night  he  lodged  with 
Powhatan,  [at  Werowocomoco,  see  pp.  456,  463]  perceiuing 
such   preparation   for   warre,    not   finding  the    President 
there:  he  did  assure  himselfe  some  mischiefe  was  intended. 
Pocahontas  hid  him  for  a  time,  and  sent  them  who  pursued 
him  the  cleane  contrary  way  to  seeke  him ;  but  by  her 
meanes   and   extraordinry   bribes    and    much   trouble   in 
three  dayes  [?  19-22  Jan.  1609]  travell,  at  length  he  found 


be  trecher- 
ous. 


Ed.byw.simmonds.-j   LlB   ^    with  the  second  supply  inWxgim-a..    461 

vs  in  the  middest  of  these  turmoyles  [apparently  about  22  [1609] 
Jan.  1609,  *•*••  ow  ^  ^JV  Smith  had  seized  Opechancanough]. 
This  vnhappy  newes  the  President  swore  him  to  conceale 
from  the  company,  and  so  dissembling  his  sorrow  with  the 
best  countenances  he  could,  when  the  night  approched  [he] 
went  safely  aboord  with  all  his  Souldiers;  leauing  Opechan- 
canough at  libertie,  according  to  his  promise,  the  better  to 
haue  Powhatan  in  his  returne. 

Now  so  extreamely  Powhatan  had  threatned  the  death  Powhatan 
of  his  men,  if  they  did  not  by  some  meanes  kill  Captaine  h^men'to 
Smith  :  that  the  next  day,  they  appointed  all  the  countrey 
should  come  to  trade  vnarmed :  yet  vnwilling  to  be 
trecherous,  but  that  they  were  constrained,  hating  fighting 
with  him  almost  as  ill  as  hanging,  such  feare  they  had  of 
bad  successe. 

The  next  morning,  the  Sunne  had  not  long  appeared,  but 
the  fields  appeared  covered  with  people  and  Baskets,  to 
tempt  vs  on  shore  :  but  nothing  was  to  be  had  without  his 
presence,  nor  they  would  not  indure  the  sight  of  a  gun.  [81] 

When  the  President  saw  them  begin  to  depart,  being  The  third 
vnwilling  to  loose  such  a  bootie,  he  so  well  contrived  the  bSrayU0 
Pinnace  and  his  Barges  with  Ambuscadoes,  as  onely  with 
Lieutenant  Percie,  Master  West,  and  Master  Russell,  with 
their  Armes  [he]  went  on  shore ;  others  he  appointed 
vnarmed  toreceiuewhat  was  brought.  The  Salvages  flocked 
before  him  in  heapes,  and  the  banke  serving  as  a  trench  for 
a  retreat,  he  drew  them  fayre  open  to  his  Ambuscado's. 

For  he  not  being  to  be  perswaded  to  goe  [and]  visit  their 
King,  the  King  knowing  the  most  of  them  [to  be]  vnarmed, 
came  to  visit  him  with  two  or  three  hundred  men,  in  the 
forme  of  two  halfe  Moones ;  and  with  some  twentie  men, 
and  many  women  loaden  with  painted  Baskets.  But  when 
they  approached  somewhat  neare  vs,  their  women  and  [p-ns-i 
children  fled.  For  when  they  had  environed  and  beset  the 
fields  in  this  manner,  they  thought  their  purpose  sure, 
yet  so  trembled  with  feare  as  they  were  scarse  able  to 
nock  their  Arrowes  :  Smith  standing,  with  his  three  men 
ready  bent,  beholding  them  till  they  were  within  danger 
of  our  Ambuscado's  ;  who  vpon  the  word  discovered  them- 
selues,  and  he  retyred  to  the  Barge.     Which  the  Salvages 


462    The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,  Lib.  3.  [w.  ^SSSbS& 

[1609]      no  sooner  perceived,  then  away  they  fled,  esteeming  their 
heeles  for  their  best  advantage. 

That  night  we  sent  Master  Chrashaw,  and  Master  Ford 

[evidently  in  a  barge],  to  lames  towne  to  Captaine  Winne.  In 

thewaybetweene  Werowocomoco  and  the  Fort,  they  met  foure 

or  hue  of  the  Dutch-mens  Confederates  going  to  Powhatan  : 

the  which  to  excuse  those  Gentlemens  suspition  of  their  run- 

ningto  the  Salvages, returnedto  the  Fort  andthere  continued. 

The  Salvages  hearing  our  Barge  goe  downe  the  river  in 

the  night,  were  so  terribly  affrayde,  that  we  sent  for  more 

men  (we  having  so  much  threatned  their  ruine,  and  the 

Achayneof  rasing  of  their  houses,  boats,  and  wires  [weirs]),  that  the 

tPoe3bfalnet    next  ^av  ^e  King  sent  our  Captaine  a  chayne  of  Pearle, 

Peac«.         to  alter  his  purpose  and  stay  his  men :  promising  though 

they  wanted  themselues,  to  fraught  our  ship  and  bring  it 

aboord  to  avoyd  suspition  :  so  that,  hue  or  six  dayes  after, 

from  all  parts  of  the  Country  within  ten  or  twelue  myles, 

in  the  extreame  frost  and  snow,  they  brought  vs  provision 

on  their  naked  backes. 

The  Yet  notwithstanding  this  kindnesse  and  trade,  had  their 

poysoneS:    art  and  poyson  beene  sufficient,  the  President,  with  Master 

punched?"   West,  and  some  others  had  beene  poysoned  ;  it  made  them 

sicke,  but  expelled  it  selfe. 

Wecuttanow,  a  stout  young  fellow,  knowing  he  was 
suspected  for  bringing  this  present  of  poyson,  with  fortie 
or  fiftie  of  his  chiefe  companions  (seeing  the  President  but 
with  a  few  men  at  Potavncak)  so  proudly  braued  it,  as 
though  he  expected  to  incounter  a  revenge.  Which  the 
President  perceiving,  in  the  midst  of  his  company,  did 
not  onely  beate,  but  spurned  him  like  a  dogge,  as  scorning 
to  doe  him  any  worse  mischiefe.  Wherevpon  all  of  them 
fled  into  the  woods,  thinking  they  had  done  a  great  matter 
to  haue  so  well  escaped  :  and  the  townsmen  remaining 
[/.  146.]  presently  fraughted  our  Barge  to  be  rid  of  our  companies, 
framing  many  excuses  to  excuse  Wecuttanow,  (being  sonne 
to  their  chiefe  King,  but  [excepting]  Powhatan)  and  told  vs 
if  we  would  shew  tnem  him  that  brought  the  poyson,  they 
would  deliver  him  to  vs  to  punish  as  we  pleased. 

Men  may  thinke  it  strange  there  should  be  such  a  stirrc 
for  a  little  come,  but  had  it  beene  gold  with  more  ease  wee 
might  haue  got  it;  and  had  it  wanted,  the  whole  Colony  had 


Ed.byw.simmonds.j   lib  3    with  the  second  supply  in\\x<g\m&.    463 

starued.     Wee  may  be  thought  very  patient  to  endure  all      [1609] 
those  iniuries,  yet  onely  with  fearing  them  wee  got  what 
they  had.   Whereas  if  we  had  taken  revenge;  then  by  their 
losse,  we  should  haue  lost  our  selues. 

We  searched  also  the  Countries  of  Youghtanund  and  The 
Mattapanient,wherQ  the  people  imparted  that  little  they  had,  wanS 
with  such  complaints  and  teares  from  the  eyes  of  women  P°vertie- 
and  children,  as  he  had  beene  too  cruell  to  haue  beene  a 
Christian,  that  would  not  haue  beene  satisfied  and  moued 
with  compassion. 

But  had  this  hapned  in  October,  November,  and  De- 
cember, when  that  vnhappie  discovery  of  Monacan  was 
made,  we  might  haue  fraughted  a  ship  of  fortie  tuns,  and 
twise  as  much  might  haue  beene  had  from  the  Rivers  of 
Rapahanock,  Patawomek,  and  Pawtuxunt. 

The  maine  occasion  of  our  thus  temporizing  with  them 
was,  to  part  friends  as  we  did,  to  giue  the  lesse  cause  of 
suspition  to  Powhatan  to  fly  {i.e.,  from  Werowocomoco] ;  by 
whom  we  now  returned  [82]  with  a  purpose  to  haue 
surprised  him  and  his  provision.  For  effecting  whereof 
(when  we  came  against  the  Towne)  the  President  sent 
Master  Wyffin  and  Master  Coe  ashore  to  discover  and  make 
way  for  his  intended  proiect. 

But  they  found  that  those  damned  Dutch-men  had  caused  ™eijw*- 
Powhatan  to  abandon  his  new  house  and  Werowocomoco,  Si  hurt. 
and  to  carry  away  all  his  corne  and  provision :  and  the 
people  they  found  so  ill  affected,  that  they  were  in  great 
doubt  how  to  escape  with  their  Hues. 

So  the  President  finding  his  intent  frustrated,  and  that 
there  was  nothing  now  to  be  had,  and  therefore  an  vnfit 
time  to  revenge  their  abuses,  sent  Master  Michael  Phittiplace 
by  Land  to  lames  towne,  whether  we  sayled  with  all  the 
speed  we  could;  wee  having  in  this  Iourney  (for  25l[bs].  of 
Copper,  and  5ol[bs].  of  Iron  and  Beads)  enough  to  keepe 
46  men  six  weekes  [i.e.,  from  29  Dec.  1608  to  about  8  Feb. 
1609],  and  every  man  for  his  reward  a  moneths  provision  \p.  147] 
extraordinary  (no  Trade  being  allowed  but  for  the  store). 
We  got  neare  20ol[b] .  waight  of  deere  suet,  and  delivered 
to  the  Cape  Merchant  479  Bushels  of  Corne. 

Those  temporizing  proceedings  to  some  may  seeme  too 


464    The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,    Lib.  3- [w.phStiSnAJTodkui: 

[1609]  charitable,  to  such  a  daily  daring  trecherous  people  :  to 
others  not  pleasing,  that  we  washed  not  the  ground  with 
their  blouds,  nor  shewed  such  strange  inventions  in 
mangling,  murdering,  ransacking,  and  destroying  (as  did 
the  Spanyards)  the  simple  bodies  of  such  ignorant  soules  ; 
nor  delightfull,  because  not  stuffed  with  Relations  of 
heapes  and  mynes  of  gold  and  silver,  nor  such  rare  commo- 
dities, as  the  Portugals  and  Spanyards  found  in  the  East 
and  West  Indies.  The  want  whereof  hath  begot  vs  (that 
were  the  first  vndertakers)  no  lesse  scorne  and  contempt, 
then  the  noble  conquests  and  valiant  adventures  beautified 
with  it,  prayse  and  honour.  Too  much  I  confesse  the 
world  cannot  attribute  to  their  ever  memorable  merit :  and 
to  cleare  vs  from  the  blind  worlds  ignorant  censure,  these 
few  words  may  suffice  any  reasonable  vnderstanding. 

An  Apology       It  was  the  Spanyards  good  hap  to  happen  in  those  parts 

Planters"1  where  were  infinite  numbers  of  people,  who  had  manured 
the  ground  with  that  providence,  it  affoorded  victualls  at 
all  times.  And  time  had  brought  them  to  that  perfection, 
they  had  the  vse  of  gold  and  silver,  and  the  most  of  such 
commodities  as  those  Countries  affoorded  :  so  that,  what 
the  Spanyard  got  was  chiefely  the  spoyle  and  pillage  of 
those  Countrey  people,  and  not  the  labours  of  their  owne 
hands.  But  had  those  fruitfull  Countries  beene  as  salvage, 
as  barbarous,  as  ill  peopled,  as  little  planted,  laboured, 
and  manured,  as  Virginia  :  their  proper  labours  it  is  likely 
would  haue  produced  as  small  profit  as  ours. 

But  had  Virginia  beene  peopled,  planted,  manured,  and 
adorned  with  such  store  of  precious  Iewels,and  rich  commo- 
dities as  was  the  Indies  :  then  had  we  not  gotten  and  done  as 
much  as  by  their  examples  might  be  expected  from  vs,  the 

r/  148.]  world  might  then  haue  traduced  vs  and  our  merits,  and 
haue  made  shame  and  infamy  our  recompence  and  reward. 
But  we  chanced  in  a  Land  even  as  God  made  it,  where 
we  found  onely  an  idle,  improvident,  scattered  people, 
ignorant  of  the  knowledge  of  gold  and  silver,  or  any  com- 
modities, and  carelesse  of  any  thing  but  from  hand  to 
mouth,  except  ba[u]bles  of  no  worth  ;  nothing  to  incourage 
vs,  but  what  accidentally  we  found  Nature  afforded. 
Which  ere  we  could  bring  to  recompence  our  paines, 
defray  our  charges,  and  satisfie  our  Adventurers  ;  we  were 


Ed.  by  w.  simmonds.j   LIB^    with  the  second  supply  in  Virginia.    465 

to  discover  the  Countrey,  subdue  the  people,  bring  them  [1609] 
to  be  tractable,  civill,  and  industrious,  and  teach  them 
trades,  that  the  fruits  of  their  labours  might  make  vs 
some  recompence ;  or  plant  such  Colonies  of  our  owne,  that 
must  first  make  prouision  how  to  Hue  of  themselues,  ere 
they  can  bring  to  perfection  the  commodities  of  the 
Country:  which  doubtlesse  will  be  as  commodious  for 
England  as  the  west  Indies  for  Spaine,  if  it  be  rightly 
mannaged:  notwithstanding  all  our  home-bred  opinions, 
that  will  argue  the  contrary,  as  formerly  some  haue  done 
against  the  Spanyards  and  Porhigalls. 

But  to  conclude,  against  all  rumor  of  opinion,  I  onely 
say  this,  for  those  that  the  three  first  yeares  began  this 
Plantation  ;  notwithstanding  all  their  factions,  mutinies, 
and  miseries,  so  gently  corrected,  and  well  prevented  £ 
pervse  the  Spanish  Decades;  the  Relations  of  Master  Hack- 
luit,  and  tell  me  how  many  ever  with  such  small  meanes 
as  a  Barge  of  22  [or  rather  two]  tuns,  sometimes  with 
seauen,  eight,  or  nine,  or  but  at  most,  twelue  or  sixteene 
men,  did  ever  discover  so  [83]  many  fayre  and  navigable 
Rivers,  subiect  so  many  severall  Kings,  people,  and  Nations, 
to  obedience  and  contribution,  with  so  little  bloudshed. 

And  if  in  the  search  of  those  Countries  we  had  hapned 
where  wealth  had  beene,  we  had  as  surely  had  it  as 
obedience  and  contribution;  but  if  we  haue  overskipped  it, 
we  will  not  enuie  them  that  shall  find  it :  yet  can  we  not 
but  lament,  it  was  our  fortunes  to  end  when  we  had  but 
onely  learned  how  to  begin,  and  found  the  right  course 
how  to  proceed. 

By  Richard  Wyffin,  William  Pbittiplace,  Ieffrey 

Abbot,  and  Anas  Todkill. 

CHAPTER    X.  [/.i4s 

How  the  Salvages  became  subiect  to  the  English. 

Hen  the  Ships  departed,  all  the  provision  of  the 

Store  (but  that  the  President  had  gotten)  was 

so   rotten  with  the  last  Summers  rayne,  and 

eaten  with  Rats  and  Wormes,  as  the  Hogges 

30 


The 

Presidents 


466  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,     Lib.  3.  T   w.-SnES". 

L  Hon.  G.  Percy* 

[1609]  would  scarcely  eate  it.  Yet  it  was  the  Souldiers  dyet  till 
our  returnes  [about  8  Feb.  1609J,  so  that  we  found  nothing 
done,  but  our  victuals  spent;  and  the  most  part  of  ourtooles, 
and  a  good  part  of  our  Armes  conveyed  to  the  Salvages. 

But  now  casting  vp  the  Store,  and  finding  sufficient  till 
the  next  harvest,  the  feare  of  starving  was  abandoned,  and 
the  company  divided  into  tens,  fifteens,  or  as  the  busi- 
nesse  required ;  six  houres  each  day  was  spent  in  worke, 
the  rest  in  Pastime  and  merry  exercises. 

But  the  vntowardnesse  of  the  greatest  number  caused 
the  President  [to]  advise  as  followeth. 

Countrymen,  the  long  experience  of  our  late  miseries,  I  hope 

jtdvkatotha  is  sufficient  to  perswade  every  one  to  a  present  correction  of 
ompany.  /^;ww/^  an^  thinke  not  fnaf  either  my  pains,  nor  the  A  Ven- 
turers purses,  will  ever  maintaine  you  in  idlenesse  and  sloath. 
I  speake  not  this  to  you  all,  for  divers  of  you  I  know  deserue 
both  honour  and  reward,  better  then  is  yet  here  to  be  had :  but 
the  greater  part  must  be  more  industrious,  or  starue,  how  euer 
you  haue  beene  heretofore  tollerated  by  the  authoritie  of  the 
Councell,  from  that  I  hauc  often  commanded  you.     You  see 

[/>-i49,i57,  now  that  power  resteth  wholly  in  my  selfe  :  you  must  obey  this 

and  473"]  now  for  a  Law,  that  he  that  will  not  worke  shall  not  eate 
{except  by  sichiesse  he  be  disabled :)  for  the  labours  of  thirtie 
or  fortie  honest  and  industrious  men  shall  not  be  consumed  to 
maintaine  an  hundred  and  fiftie  idle  loyterers.  And  though 
you  presume  the  authoritie  here  is  but  a  shadow,  and  that  I 

(/.  150.]  dare  not  touch  the  Hues  of  any  but  my  owne  must  answer  it  : 
the  Letters  patents  shall  each  weeke  be  read  to  you,  whose 
Contents  will  tell  you  the  contrary.  I  would  wish  you  there- 
fore without  contempt  seeke  to  obserue  these  orders  set  downe, 
for  there  are  now  no  more  Counselors  to  protect  you,  nor  curbe 
my  endevours.  Therefore  he  that  ojfendeth,  let  him  assuredly 
expect  his  due  punishment. 

He  made  also  a  Table  [notice  board],  as  a  publicke 
memoriall  of  every  mans  deserts,  to  incourage  the  good, 
and  with  shame  to  spurre  on  the  rest  to  amendment.  By 
this  many  became  very  industrious,  yet  more  by  punish- 
ment performed  their  businesse;  for  all  were  so  tasked,  that 
there  was  no  excuse  could  prevaile  to  deceiue  him. 

Yet  the  Dutch-mens  consorts  so  closely  convayed  them 


Ed.byw.simmonds.-j   LlB .3.  with  the  second supply  in  Virginia.    467 

powder,  shot,  swords,  and  tooles,  that  though  we  could      [1609] 

find  the  defect,  we  could  not  finde  by  whom,  till  it  was  too 

late. 

All  this  time  [Feb -Mar.  1609]  the  Dutch  men  remaining  The  Dutch- 
with  Powhatan  (who  kindly  entertained  them  to  instruct  ^muSer 
the  Salvages  the  vse  of  our  Armes),  and  their  consorts  not  §2£jne 
following  them  as  they  expected  ;  to  know  the  cause,  they 
sent  Francis  their  companion  [p.  447,  456],  a  stout  young 
fellow,  disguised  like  a  Salvage,  to  the  Glasse-house,  a  place 
in  the  woods  neare  a  myle  from  lames  Towne  ;  where  was 
their  Randezvous  for  all  their  vnsuspected  villany. 

Fortie  men  they  procured  to  lie  in  Ambuscado  for 
Captaine  Smith,  who  no  sooner  heard  of  this  Dutch-man, 
but  he  sent  to  apprehend  him  (but  he  was  gone) :  yet  to 
crosse  his  returne  to  Powhatan,  the  Captaine  presently 
dispatched  20.  [84]  shot  after  him;  himselfe  returning  from 
the  Glasse-house  alone. 

By  the  way  he  incountred  the  King  of  Paspahegh,  a  most 
strong  stout  Salvage,  whose  perswasions  not  being  able  to 
perswade  him  to  his  Ambush,  seeing  him  onely  armed  but 
with  a  faucheon,  attempted  to  haue  shot  him,  but  the  smith 
President  prevented  his  shoot  by  grapling  with  him,  and  Kilf*ofhe 
the    Salvage  as   well    prevented    him    for   drawing    his  p**tatugk 
faucheon,  and  perforce  bore  him  into  the  River  to  haue  pnsoner* 
drowned  him.     Long  they  strugled  in  the  water,  till  the 
President  got   such   hold   on    his   throat,  he   had   neare  [>.i5t.l 
strangled  the  King;  but  having  drawne  his  faucheon  to  cut 
off  his  head,  seeing  how  pittifully  he  begged  his  life,  he  led 
him  prisoner  to  lames  Towne,  and  put  him  in  chaynes. 

The  Dutch-man  ere  long  was  also  brought  in,  whose 
villa[i]ny  though  all  this  time  it  was  suspected,  yet  he 
fayned  such  a  formall  excuse,  that  for  want  of  language 
Captaine  Winne  vnderstood  him  not  rightly,  and  for  their 
dealings  with  Powhatan,  that  to  saue  their  Hues  they  were 
constrained  to  accommodate  [him  with]  his  armes,  of 
whom  he  extreamely  complained  to  haue  detained  them 
perforce,  and  that  he  made  this  escape  with  the  hazard 
of  his  life,  and  meant  not  to  haue  returned,  but  was  onely 
walking  in  the  woods  to  gather  Walnuts. 

Yet  for  all  this  faire  tale,  there  was  so  small  appearance 
of  truth,  and  [also]  the  plaine  confession  of  Pasbahegh  of 


468  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,     Lib.  3.  ["    w.i£nEl!. 

L  Hon.  G.  Percy! 

(1609]  his  trechery,  [that]  he  went  by  the  heeles:  Smith  pur- 
posing to  regaine  the  Dutch-men,  by  the  saving  his  [i.e., 
Paspahegb's]  life. 

The  poore  Salvage  did  his  best  by  his  daily  messengers 
to  Powhatan,  but  all  returned  that  the  Dutch-men  would 
not  returne,  neither  did  Powhatan  stay  them ;  and  to 
bring  them  fiftie  myles  [from  Orapaks]  on  his  mens  backes 
they  were  not  able.  Daily  this  Kings  wiues,  children,  and 
people  came  to  visit  him  with  presents,  which  he  liberally 
bestowed  to  make  his  peace.  Much  trust  they  had  in  the 
Presidents  promise:  but  the  King  finding  his  guard  negli- 
gent, though  fettered  yet  escaped.  Captaine  Winne  thinking 
to  pursue  him  found  such  troupes  of  Salvages  to  hinder 
his  passage,  as  they  exchanged  many  vollies  of  shot  for 
flights  of  Arrowes. 
SSa**  Captaine  Smith  hearing  of  this,  in  returning  to  the  Fort 

taketh  two    tooke  two  Salvages  prisoners,  called  Kemps  and  Tussore,  the 
pSerl     two  most  exact  villaines  in  all  the  Country. 

With  these  he  sent  Captaine  Winne  and  fiftie  choise 
men,  and  Lieutenant  Percie,  to  haue  regained  the  King,  and 
revenged  this  iniury. 

And  so  [he]  had  done,  if  they  had  followed  his  directions, 
or  beene  advised  with  those  two  villaines,  that  would  haue 
betrayed  both  King  and  kindred  for  a  peece  of  Copper :  but 
he  trifling  away  the  night,  the  Salvages  the  next  morning 
by  the  rising  of  the  Sunne,  braved  him  to  come  ashore  to 
\A  153.]  fight.  A  good  time  both  sides  let  fly  at  other,  but  we  heard 
of  no  hurt ;  onely  they  tooke  two  Canowes,  burnt  the  Kings 
house,  and  so  returned  to  lames  towne. 

The  President  fearing  those  Bravado's  would  but  in- 
courage  the  Salvages,  began  againe  himselfe  to  try  his 
conclusions;  whereby  six  or  seauen  were  slaine,  [and]  as 
many  made  prisoners.  He  burnt  their  houses,  tooke  their 
Boats,  with  all  their  fishing  wires  [weirs],  and  planted 
some  of  them  at  lames  towne  for  his  owne  vse,  and  now 
resolved  not  to  cease  till  he  had  revenged  himselfe  of  all 
them  [that]  had  iniured  him. 

But  in  his  iourney  passing  by  Paspahegh  towards  Chicka- 
hamania,  the  Salvages  did  their  best  to  draw  him  to  their 
Ambuscadoes ;  but  seeing  him  regardlesly  passe  their 
Country,  all  shewed  themselues  in  their  bravest  manner. 


Ed.  by  w.  simmonds.-j  lib  ^    w^  ffa  second  supply  in  Virginia.    469 

To  try  their  valours  he  could  not  but  let  fly ;  and  ere  he      [1609] 
could  land,  they  no  sconer  knew  him,  but  they  threw  downe  Jhe^  ^ 
their  armes  and  desired  peace.     Their  Orator  was  a  lustie  des.yreges 
young   fellow   called    Okaning,   whose   worthy  discourse  Peace* 
deserveth  to  be  remembred.     And  thus  it  was : 

Captaine  Smith,  my  Master  is  here  present  in  the  company,  {JJ**"* 
thinking  it  Captaine  Winne,  and  not  you,  (of  him  he  in-  Oration. 
tended  to  haue  beene  revenged)  having  never  offended  him.  If 
he  hath  offended  you  in  escaping  your  imprisonment,  the  fishes 
swim,  the  foules  fly,  and  the  very  beasts  striue  to  escape  the 
snare  and  Hue.  Then  blame  not  him  being  a  man.  He  would 
intreat  you  remember,  you  being  a  prisoner,  what  paines  he 
tooke  to  saue  your  life  [pp.  16,  396].  If  since  he  hath  iniured 
you,  he  was  compelled  to  it:  but  howsoeuer,you  haue  revenged  it 
with  our  too  great  losse.  We  perceiue  and  well  know  you  intend 
to  destroy  vs,  that  are  here  to  intreat  and  desire  your  friendship; 
and  to  enioy  our  houses  and  plant  our  fields,  of  whose  fruit  you 
shall  participate:  otherwise  you  will  haue  the  worse  by  our  absence, 
for  we  can  plant  any  where,  [85]  though  with  more  labour,  and 
we  know  you  cannot  Hue  if  you  want  our  harvest,  and  that  relief e 
we  bring  you.  If  you  promise  vs  peace,  we  will  beleeue  you;  if 
you  proceed  in  revenge,  we  will  abandon  the  Country. 

Vpon  these  tearmes  the  President  promised  them  peace,  IP- 153-1 
till  they  did  vs  iniury,  vpon  condition  they  should  bring 
in   provision.      Thus  all   departed   good   friends,  and  so 
continued  till  Smith  left  the  Countrey  [4  Oct.  1609]. 

Arriving  at  lames  Towne,  complaint  was  made  to  the 
President,  that  the  Chickahamanians,  who  all  this  while 
continued  trade  and  seemed  our  friends,  by  colour  thereof 
were  the  onely  theeues.  And  amongst  other  things  a 
Pistoll  being  stolne  and  the  theefe  fled,  there  was  appre- 
hended two  proper  young  fellowes,  that  were  brothers, 
knowne  to  be  his  confederates. 

Now  to  regaine  this  Pistoll,  the  one  was  imprisoned, 
the  other  was  sent  to  returne  the  Pistoll  againe  within 
twelue  houres,  or  his  brother  to  be  hanged.  Yet  the 
President  pittyingthe  poore  naked  Salvage  in  the  dungeon, 
sent  himvictuall  and  some  Char-coale  for  a  fire.  LoolS 

Ere  midnight  his  brother  returned  with  the  Pistoll,  but  JJ/^'d 
the  poore  Salvage  in  the  dungeon  was  so  smoothered  with  revered. 


470  The  Discoveries  and  Accident sy     Lib.  3.  ["    w.T^nSrd! 

L  Hon.  G.  Percy. 

[1609]  the  smoake  he  had  made,  and  so  pittiously  burnt,  that 
wee  found  him  dead.  The  other  most  lamentably 
beway[l]ed  his  death,  and  broke  forth  into  such  bitter 
agonies,  that  the  President  to  quiet  him,  told  him  that  if 
hereafter  they  would  not  steale,  he  would  make  him  aliue 
againe :  but  he  little  thought  he  could  be  recovered. 
Yet  we  doing  our  best  with  Aqua  vita  and  Vineger,  it 
pleased  God  to  restore  him  againe  to  life ;  but  so  drunke 
and  affrighted,  that  he  seemed  Lunaticke :  the  which  as 
much  tormented  and  grieued  the  other,  as  before  to  see 
him  dead.  Of  which  maladie  vpon  promise  of  their  good 
behaviour,  the  President  promised  to  recover  him  :  and 
so  caused  him  to  be  layd  by  a  fire  to  sleepe ;  who  in  the 
morning  having  well  slept,  had  recovered  his  perfect 
senses,  and  then  being  dressed  of  his  burning,  and  each  a 
peece  of  Copper  giuen  them,  they  went  away  so  well 
contented,  that  this  was  spread  among  all  the  Salvages 
Tor  a  miracle,  that  Captaine  Smith  could  make  a  man  aliue 
that  was  dead. 

Another  ingenuous  Salvage  of  Powhatans,  having  gotten 
a  great  bag  of  Powder,  and  the  backe  of  an  Armour,  at 
Werowocomoco  amongst  a  many  of  his  companions,  to 
shew  his  extraordinary  skill,  he  did  dry  it  on  the  backe  as 
he  had  seene  the  Souldiers  at  lames  Towne.  But  he 
dryed  it  so  long,  they  peeping  over  it  to  see  his  skill,  it 
tooke  fire,  and  blew  him  to  death,  and  one  or  two  more; 
and  the  rest  [were]  so  scorched,  they  had  little  pleasure  to 
meddle  any  more  with  powder. 

These  and  many  other  such  pretty  Accidents,  so  amazed 
and  affrighted  both  Powhatan,  and  all  his   people,  that 

[/.  «54-i  from  all  parts  with  presents  they  desired  peace ;  returning 
many  stolne  things  which  we  never  demanded  nor  thought 
of :  and  after  that,  those  that  were  taken  stealing,  both 
Powhatan  and  his  people  haue  sent  them  backe  to  lames 
towne,  to  receiue  their  punishment ;  and  all  the  Country 
became  absoluteflvl  as  free  for  vs,  as  for  themselues. 


Two  or  three 
Salvages 
slaine  in 
drying 
Powder. 


^r 


Ed.byw.shnmonds.j   lib#^  wjth  the  second supply  zW  Virginia.    471 

CHAPTER    XI. 

What  was  done  in  three  moneths  having  Victualls, 

The  Store  devoured  by  Rats,  how  we  lined 

three  moneths  of  such  naturall  fruits 

as  the  Country  affoorded. 

Ow  we  so  quietly  followed  our  businesse,  that  in  [1609] 
three  moneths  [Feb. — April  1609]  wee  made 
three  or  foure  Last  of  Tarre,  Pitch,  and  Sope 
ashes  ;  produced  a  tryall  of  Glasse ;  made  a 
Well  in  the  Fort  of  excellent  sweet  water,  which  till  then 
was  wanting ;  built  some  twentie  houses ;  re-covered  our 
Church :  provided  Nets  and  W[e]ires  for  fishing ;  and  to 
stop  the  disorders  of  our  disorderly  theeues,  and  the  Salvages, 
built  a  Blockhouse  in  the  neck  of  our  Isle,  kept  by  a  Garrison 
to  entertaine  [86]  the  Saluages  trade,  and  none  to  passe  nor 
repasse  Saluage  nor  Christian  without  the  presidents  order. 
Thirtie  or  forty  Acres  of  ground  we  digged  and  planted.  Of 
three  sowes  in  eighteene  moneths,  increased  60  and  od  Piggs. 
And  neere  500.  chickings  brought  vp  themselues  without  hau- 
ing  any  meat  giuen  them  :  but  the  Hogs  were  transported 
to  Hog.  Isle :  where  also  we  built  ablock-house  with  a  garison 
to  giue  vs  notice  of  any  shipping,  and  for  their  exercise 
they  made  Clapbord  and  waynscot,  and  cut  downe  trees. 

We  built  also  a  fort  for  a  retreat  neere  a  conuenient 
Riuer  vpon  a  high  commanding  hill,  very  hard  to  be 
assalted  and  easie  to  be  defended  ;  but  ere  it  was  finished 
this  defect  caused  a  stay. 

In  searching  our  casked  corne  [April  1609],  we  found  it  fju-emiue 
halfe  rotten,  and    the    rest    so    consumed  with  so  many  by  Rats, 
thousands  of  Rats  that  increased  so  fast,  but  the  [i]  re  originall  [/.  155-1 
was  from  the  ships,  as  we  knew  not  how  to  keepe  that  little 
we  had.    This  did  driue  vs  all  to  our  wits  end,  for  there  was 
nothing  in  the  country  but  what  nature  afforded. 

Vntill  this  time  Kemps  and  Tassore  were  fettered  prisoners, 
and  did  double  taske  and  taught  vs  how  to  order  and  plant 
our  fields:  whom  now  for  want  of  victuall  we  set  at  liberty, 
but  so  well  they  liked  our  companies  they  did  not  desire 
to  goe  from  us. 


Bread  made 
of  dried 
Sturgeon. 


472  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents ;     Lib.  3.  ["    w.i^nSS 

LHon.G.  Percy. 

[1609]  And  to  expresse  their  loues,  for  16.  dayes  continuance, 

the  Countrie  people  brought  vs  (when  least)  100.  a  day,  of 
Squirrils,  Turkyes,  Deere  and  other  wilde  beasts. 

But  this  want  of  corne  occasioned  the  end  of  all  our 
works,  it  being  worke  sufficient  to  provide  victuall.  60.  or 
80.  with  Ensigne  Laxon  was  sent  downe  the  riuer  to  Hue 
vpon  Oysters,  and  20.  with  liutenant  Percy  to  try  for 
fishing  at  Poynt  Comfort :  but  in  six  weekes  they  would 
not  agree  once  to  cast  out  the  net,  he  being  sicke  and  burnt 
sore  with  Gunpouder.  Master  West  with  as  many  went  vp 
to  the  falls,  but  nothing  could  be  found  but  a  few  Acornes ; 
of  that  in  store  euery  man  had  their  equall  proportion. 

Till  this  present,  by  the  hazard  and  indeuours  of  some 
thirtie  or  fortie,  this  whole  Colony  had  ever  beene  fed. 
We  had  more  Sturgeon,  then  could  be  deuoured  by  Dog 
and  Man,  of  which  the  industrious  by  drying  and 
pounding,  mingled  with  Caviare,  Sorell  and  other  whole- 
some hearbes  would  make  bread  and  good  meate  :  others 
would  gather  as  much  Tockwhogh  roots  in  a  day  as  would 
make  them  bread  a  weeke,  so  that  of  those  wilde  fruites,  and 
what  we  caught,  we  liued  very  well  in  regard  of  such  a  diet. 

But  such  was  the  strange  condition  of  some  150,  that 
had  they  not  beene  forced  nolens,  volens,  perforce  to  gather 
and  prepare  their  victuall  they  would  all  haue  starued  or 
haue  eaten  one  another.  Of  those  wild  fruits  the  Salvages 
often  brought  vs,  and  for  that  the  President  would  not  full- 
fill  the  vnreasonable  desire  of  those  distracted  Gluttonous 
Loyterers,  to  sell  not  only  our  kettells,  hows,  tooles,  and 
Iron,  nay  swords,  pieces,  and  the  very  Ordnance  and  howses, 
might  they  haue  prevayled  to  haue  beene  but  Idle :  for  those 
Saluage  fruites,  they  would  haue  had  imparted  all  to  the 
[/.  156.]  Saluages,  especially  for  one  basket  of  Corne  they  heard  of  to 
be  at  Powhatans  [his  house  at  Orapaks],  fifty  myles  from  our 
Fort.  Though  he  bought  neere  halfe  of  it  to  satisfie  their 
humors ;  yet  to  haue  had  the  other  halfe,  they  would  haue 
sould  their  soules,  though  not  sufficient  to  haue  kept  them 
a  weeke.  Thousands  were  the[i]re  exclamations,  sugges- 
tions and  deuises,  to  force  him  to  those  base  inventions  to 
haue  made  it  an  occasion  to  abandon  the  Country. 

Want  perforce  constrained  him  to  indure  their  exclaiming 
follies,  till  he  found  out  the  author,  one  Dyer  [p.  168]  a  most 


The[i]re 
desire  to 
destroy 
themselues. 


Ed.  by  w.  simmonds.-j    lib#  3    wz^  tfc  second  supply  in  Virginia.    473 

crafty  fellow  and  his  ancient  Maligner,  whom  he  worthily      [1609] 
punished,  and  with  the  rest  he  argued  the  case  in  this  maner. 

Fellow  souldiers,  I  did  little  thinke  any  so  false  to  report,  or  The 
so  many  to  be  so  simple  to  be  perswaded,  that  I  either  intend  to  order  for 
starue  you,  or  that  Powhatan  at  this  present  hath  come  for  the  drones* 
himself e,  much  lesse  for  you ;  or  that  I  would  not  haue  it,  if  I 
knew  where  it  were  to  be  had.  Neither  did  I  thinke  any  so 
malitious  as  now  I  see  a  great  many;  yet  it  shal  not  so 
passionate  me,  but  I  will  doe  my  best  for  my  most  maligner.  But 
dreame  no  longer  of  this  vaine  hope  from  Powhatan,  not  [nor] 
that  I  will  longer  forbeare  to  force  you  from  your  Idlenesses 
and  punish  you  if  you  rayle.  But  if  I  finde  any  more  runners 
for  Newfoundland  with  the  Pinnace,  let  him  assuredly  looke  to 
ar[r]iue  at  the  Gallows.  You  cannot  deny  but  that  by  the  hazard 
of  my  life  many  a  time  I  haue  saued  yours,  when  {might  your 
owne  wills  haue  preuailed)  you  [87]  would  haue  starued ;  and 
will  doe  still  whether  I  will  or  noe ;  But  I  protest  by  that  God 
that  made  me,  since  necessitie  hath  not  power  to  force  you  to 
gather  for  your  selues  those  fruites  the  earth  doth  yeeld,you 
shall  not  onely  gather  for  your  selues,  but  those  that  are  sicke. 
As  yet  I  neuer  had  more  from  the  store  then  the  worst  of  you  : 
and  all  my  English  extraordinary  prouision  that  I  haue,  you 
shall  see  me  diuide  it  amongst  the  sick. 

And  this  Saluage  trash  you  so  scornfully  repine  at;  being 
put  in  your  mouthes  your  stomackes  can  disgest :  if  you  would 
haue  better,  you  should  haue  brought  it ;  and  therefore  I  will 
take  a  course  you  shall  prouide  what  is  to  be  had.  The  sick 
shall  not  starue,  but  equally  share  of  all  our  labours ;  and  he 
that  gathereth  not  every  day  as  much  as  I  doe,  the  next  day  ^  lS7.] 
shall  be  set  beyond  the  riuer,  and  be  banished  from  the  Fort 
as  a  drone,  till  he  amend  his  conditions  or  starue- 

But  some  would  say  with  Seneca. 

I  know  those  things  thou  sayst  are  true  good  Nurse, 
But  fury  forceth  me  to  follow  worse. 
My  minde  is  hurried  headlong  vp  and  downe  : 
Desiring  better  counsell,  yet  finds  none. 
This   order   many  murmured  was   very   cruell,  but   it  Butseuen 
caused  the  most  part  so  well  [to]  bestirre  themselues,  that  fnn^J1^ 
of  200.  (except  they  were  drowned)  there  died  not  past  seuen :  jJ^JJ-Jj. 

As  for  Captaine  Winne  and  Master  Leigh  they  were  dead  i<toS'> 


474  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,     Lib.  3.  T    w.Tank£3". 

L  Hon.  G.  Percy. 

[1609]      ere  this  want  hapned,  and  the  rest  dyed  not  for  want  of 
such  as  preserued  the  rest. 

Many  were  billetted  amongst  the  Saluages,  whereby  we 
knew  all  their  passages,  fields  and  habitations,  how  to 
gather  and  vse  the[i]re  fruits  as  well  as  themselues;  for 
they  did  know  wee  had  such  a  commanding  power  at  lames 
towne  they  durst  not  wrong  vs  of  a  pin. 
Th«  So  well  those  poore  Salvages  vsed  vs  that  were  thus 

returner  billetted,  that  diuers  of  the  Souldiers  ran  away  to  search 
fugume*.  Kemps  and  Tassore  our  old  prisoners.  Glad  were  these 
Salvages  to  haue  such  an  oportunity  to  testifie  their  loue 
vnto  vs,  for  in  stead  of  entertaining  them,  and  such  things 
as  they  had  stollen,  with  all  their  great  Offers,  and 
promises  they  made  them  how  to  reuenge  their  iniuryes 
vpon  Captaine  Smith ;  Kemps  first  made  himselfe  sport,  in 
shewing  his  countrie  men  (by  them)  how  he  was  vsed, 
feeding  them  with  this  law,  who  would  not  work  must  not 
eat,  till  they  were  neere  starued  indeede,  continually 
threatning  to  beate  them  to  death  :  neither  could  they  get 
from  him,  till  hee  and  his  consorts  brought  them  perforce 
to  our  Captaine,  that  so  well  contented  him  and  punished 
them,  as  many  others  that  intended  also  to  follow  them, 
were  rather  contented  to  labour  at  home,  then  aduenture 
to  hue  idlely  amongst  the  Salvages  ;  (of  whom  there  was 
more  hope  to  make  better  Christians  and  good  subiects,  then 
the  one  halfe  of  those  that  counterfeited  themselues  both.) 
For  so  affraide  was  al  those  kings  and  the  better  sort 
of  the  people  to  displease  vs,  that  some  of  the  baser  sort 
that  we  haue  extreamly  hurt  and  punished  for  the[ijre 
villanies  would  hire  vs,  [that]  we  should  not  tell  it  to  their 
kings,  or  countrymen ;  who  would  also  repunish  them,  and 
yet  returne  them  to  lames  towne  to  content  the  President, 
for  a  testimony  of  their  loues. 

(A  158.)  Master  Sicklemore  well  returned  from  Chawwonoke ;  but 

ffkuvto      f°und  little  hope  and  lesse  certaintie  of  them  [that]  were 

kmeTto'  left  by  Sir  Walter  Raleigh.     The  riuer,  he  saw  was  not 

"JtSr"*     great,  the  people  few,  the  countrey  most[ly]  over  growne 

with  pynes,  where  there  did  grow  here  and  there  straglingly 

Pemminaw,  we  call  silke  grasse.     But  by  the  riuer  the 

ground  was  good,  and  exceeding  furtill. 


Ed.byw.shnmonds.-j   lib#3#  with  the  second  supply  inV'xxgxmz.    475 

Master  Nathanael  powell  and  Anas  Todhill  were  also  by      [1609] 

the   Quiyoughquohanocks   conducted    to   the  Mangoags  to  Master 

search  them  there:   but  nothing  could  they  learne  but  Comejto 

they  were  all  dead.  SiLw. 

This  honest  proper  good  promise-keeping  king,  of  all  the 
rest  did  euer  best  affect  vs,  and  though  to  his  false  Gods  he 
was  very  zealous,  yet  he  would  confesse  our  God  as  much 
exceeded  his  as  our  Gunns  did  his  Bow  and  Arrowes,  often 
sending  our  President  many  presents,  to  pray  to  his  God 
for  raine  or  his  corne  would  perish,  for  his  Gods  were  angry. 

Three  dayes  iorney theyconducted  [88]  them  through  the 
woods,  into  a  high  country  towards  the  Southwest :  where 
they  saw  here  and  there  a  little  corne  field,  by  some  little 
spring  or  smal  brooke,  but  no  riuer  they  could  see :  the 
people  in  all  respects  like  the  rest,  except  the [i] re  language: 
they  Hue  most[ly]  vpon  rootes,  fruites  and  wilde  beasts; 
and  trade  with  them  towards  the  sea  and  the  fatter 
countryes  for  dryed  fish  and  corne,  for  [with]  skins. 

All  this  time  to  recouer  the  Dutch-men  and  one  Bentley  t^ 
another  fugitiue,  we  imployed  one  William  Volday,  a  protects. 
Zwitzar  by  birth,  with  Pardons  and  promises  to  regaine 
them.  Little  we  then  suspected  this  double  villaine  of 
any  villa[i]ny ;  who  plainly  taught  vs,  in  the  most  trust  was 
the  greatest  treason ;  for  this  wicked  hypocrite,  by  the 
seeming  hate  he  bore  to  the  lewd  conditions  of  his  cursed 
country  men,  (hauing  this  oportunity  by  his  imployment 
to  regaine  them)  conuayed  them  euery  thing  they  desired 
to  effect  their  proiects,  to  distroy  the  Colony. 

With  much  deuotion  they  expected  the  Spaniard,  to  whom 
they  intended  good  seruice,  or  any  other  that  would  but 
carry  them  from  vs.  But  to  begin  with  the  first  oportunity ; 
they  seeing  necessitie  thus  inforced  vs  to  disperse  our 
selues,  importuned  Powhatan  to  lend  them  but  his  forces, 
and  they  would  not  onely  distroy  our  Hoggs,  fire  our 
towne,  and  betray  our  Pinnace  ;  but  bring  to  his  seruice 
and  subiection  the  most  of  our  company.  With  this  plot 
they  had  acquainted  many  Discontents,  and  many  were 
agreed  to  their  Deuilish  practise.  But  one  Thomas  Douse, 
and  Thomas  Mallard  (whose  christian  hearts  relented  at 
such  an  vnchristian  act)  voluntarily  reuealed  it  to  Captaine 


Dutch 


476  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,     Lib.  3.  r 


W.  Tankard. 
Hon.  G.  Percy. 


[1609]  Smith,  who  caused  them  to  conceale  it,  perswading  Douse 
and  Mallard  to  proceed  in  their  confed[e]racie:  onely  to 
bring  the  irrecla[i]mable  Dutch  men  and  the  inconstant 
[A  159 1  Salvages  in  such  a  maner  amongst  such  Ambuscado's  as 
he  had  prepared,  that  not  many  of  them  should  returne 
from  ouv  Peninsula  [i.e.,  of  James  Town]. 

But  this  bru[i]te  comming  to  the  eares  of  the  impatient 

multitude  they  so  importuned    the   President  to  cut  off 

those  Dutch  men,   as  amongst  many  that   offred   to   cut 

Two  their  throats  before  the  face  of  Powhatan,  the  first  was 

wnttoThe    Lieutenant    Percy,    and    Master    lohn   Cuderington,    two 

Germans.     Gentlemen  of  as  bold  resolute  spirits  as  could  possibly  be 

found.   But  the  President  had  occasion  of  other  imploiment 

for  them,  and  gaue  way  to  Master  Wyffin  and  Sarieant 

[p. 508.]      Ieffrey  Abbot,  to  goe  and  stab  them  or  shoot  them. 

But  the  Dutch  men  made  such  excuses,  accusing  Volday 
whom  they  supposed  had  reuealed  their  proiect,  as  Abbot 
would  not ;  yet  Wyffing  would,  perceiuing  it  but  deceit. 

The  King  vnderstanding  of  this  their  imployment,  sent 
presently  his  messengers  to  Captaine  Smith  to  signifie 
it  was  not  his  fault  to  detaine  them,  nor  hinder  his  men 
from  executing  his  command :  nor  did  he  nor  would  he 
maintaine  them  or  any,  to  occasion  his  displeasure. 
The  first  But  whilst  this  businesse  was  in  hand,  Arriued  [10  July 

SSamf  1609,  see  p.  xcvi]  one  Captaine  Argall,  and  Master  Thomas 
Argaii.  Sedan t  sent  by  Master  Cornelius  to  truck  with  the  Colony,  and 
fish  for  Sturgeon,  with  a  ship  well  furnished  with  wine  and 
much  other  good  provision.  Though  it  was  not  sent  vs,  our 
necessities  was  such  as  inforced  vs  to  take  it.  He  brought 
vs  newes  of  a  great  supply  and  preparation  for  the  Lord 
La  Warre,  with  letters  that  much  taxed  our  President  for 
his  hard  dealing  with  the  Salvages,  and  not  returning  the 
shippes  fraughted.  Notwithstanding  we  kept  this  ship 
till  the  fleete  arriued  [11-18  August  1609]. 

True  it  is  Argall  lost  his  voyage,  but  we  reuictualled 
him,  and  sent  him  for  England,  with  a  true  relation  of  the 
causes  of  our  defailments,  and  how  imposible  it  was  to 
returne  that  wealth  they  expected,  or  obserue  the[i]re 
instructions  to  indure  the  Salvages  insolencies,  or  doe 
any  thing  to  any  purpose,  except  they  would  send  vs  men 
and  meanes  that  could  produce  that  they  so  much  desired  : 


Ed.  by  w.  simmonds.-j  lib  3.     with  the  second  supply  in  Virginia.  477 

otherwises  all  they  did  was  lost,  and  could  not  but  come      [1609] 
to  confusion. 

The  villany  of  Volday  we  still  dissembled.  Adam  vpon 
his  pardon  came  home,  but  Samuell  still  stayed  with 
Powhatan  to  heare  further  of  their  estates  by  this  supply. 
Now  all  their  plots  Smith  so  well  vnderstood,  they  were 
his  best  advantages  to  secure  vs  from  any  trechery,  [that] 
could  be  done  by  them  or  the  Salvages  :  which  with  facility 
he  could  revenge  when  he  would,  because  all  those 
countreyes  more  feared  him  then  Powhatan,  and  hee  had 
such  parties  with  all  his  bordering  neighbours :  and  many 
of  the  rest  for  loue  or  feare  would  haue  done  any  thing 
he  would  haue  them,  vpon  any  commotion,  [89]  though 
these  fugitiues  had  done  all  they  could  to  perswade 
Powhatan,  [that]  King  lames  would  kill  Smith,  for  vsing 
him  and  his  people  so  vnkindly. 

By  this  you  may  see  for  all  those  crosses,  trecheries,  Note  these 
and  dissentions,  how  hee  wrestled  and  overcame  (without  VSnce*. 
bloudshed)  all  that  happened  :  also  what  good  was  done ; 
how  few  dyed ;  what  food  the  Countrey  naturally  affoord- 
eth ;  what  small  cause  there  is  men  should  starue,  or  be 
murthered  by  the  Salvages,  that  haue  discretion  to  mannage 
them  with  courage  and  industrie. 

The  two  first  yeares,  though  by  his  adventures,  he  had 
oft  brought  the  Salvages  to  a  tractable  trade ;  yet  you  see 
how  the  envious  authoritie  ever  crossed  him,  and  frustrated 
his  best  endevours.  But  it  wrought  in  him  that  experience 
and  estimation  amongst  the  Salvages,  as  otherwise  it  had 
bin  impossible,  he  had  ever  effected  that  he  did. 

Notwithstanding  the  many  miserable,  yet  generous  and 
worthy  adventures,  he  had  oft  and  long  endured  in  the  wide 
world  ;  yet  in  this  case  he  was  againe  to  learne  his  Lecture  k>-  i6o-i 
by  experience.  Which  with  thus  much  adoe  having 
obtained,  it  was  his  ill  chance  to  end,  when  he  had  but 
onely  learned  how  to  begin. 

And  though  he  left  those  vnknowne  difficulties  (made 
easie  and  familiar)  to  his  vnlawfull  successors,  (who  onely  by 
liuing  in  lames  Towne,  presumed  to  know  more  then  all  the 
world  could  direct  them :)  Now  though  they  had  all  his 
Souldiers,  with  a  tripple  power,  and  twice  tripple  better 


478  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,     Lib.  3.  T   w.T*nErf. 

LHon.  G.  Percy. 

[1609]  meanes ;  by  what  they  haue  done  in  his  absence,  the  world 
may  see  what  they  would  haue  done  in  his  presence,  had  he 
not  prevented  their  indiscretions  :  it  doth  iustly  proue,  what 
cause  he  had  to  send  them  for  England  [pp.  408,  411,  444]; 
and  that  he  was  neither  factious,  mutinous,  nor  dishonest. 
But  they  haue  made  it  more  plaine  since  his  returne 
for  England ;  having  his  absolute  authoritie  freely  in  their 
power,  with  all  the  advantages  and  opportunitie  that  his 
labours  had  effected.  As  I  am  sorry  their  actions  haue  made 
it  so  manifest,  so  I  am  vnwilling  to  say  what  reason  doth 
compell  me,  but  onely  to  make  apparant  the  truth,  least  I 
should  seeme  partiall,  reasonlesse,  and  malicious. 


a  «*J  CHAPTER    XII. 

The  Arrivall  of  the  third  Supply. 

O  redresse  those  jarres  and  ill  proceedings,  the 
Treasurer,  Councell,  and  Company  of  Virginia, 
not  finding   that  returne    and  profit  they   ex- 
pected; and   them  ingaged  there,  not    having 
meanes  to  subsist  of  themselues ;   made  meanes  to  his 
Maiestie,  to  call  in  their  Commission,  and  take  a  new  in 
their  owne  names,  as  in  their  owne  publication,  1610.  you 
may  reade  at  large. 

Having  thus  annihilated  the  old  by  vertue  of  a  Com- 
mission made  to  the  right  Honourable,  Sir  Thomas  West, 
Lord  de  la  Warre,  to  be  Generall  of  Virginia ;  Sir  Thomas 
Gates,  his  Lieutenant ;  Sir  George  Somers,  Admirall ;  Sir 
Thomas  Dale,  high  Marshall ;  Sir  Fardinando  Wain-man, 
Generall  of  the  Horse ;  and  so  all  other  offices  to  many 
other  worthy  Gentlemen,  for  their  Hues :  (though  not  any 
of  them  had  ever  beene  in  Virginia,  except  Captaine  Newport, 
who  was  also  by  Patent  made  vice-Admirall :)  those  noble 
Gentlemen  drew  in  such  great  summes  of  money,  that  they 
sent  Sir  Thomas  Gates,  Sir  George  Somers,  and  Captaine 
Newport  with  nine  shippes,  and  fiue  hundred  people :  who 
[Gates,  Somers,  and  Newport]  had  each  of  them  a  Commission, 
who  first  arrived  to  call  in  the  old  [Commission],  without 
the  knowledge  or  consent  of  them  that  had  endured  all 


Ed 


byW'Sx6T-i624:]  Lib.  3.     with  the  third  supply  in  Virginia.   479 


those  former  dangers  to  beat  the  path,  not  any  regard      [1609] 
[being]  had  at  all  of  them. 

All  things  being  ready,  because  those  three  Captaines 
oculd  not  agree  for  place,  it  was  concluded  they  should  goe 
all  in  one  ship,  so  all  their  three  Commissions  were  in  that 
Ship  with  them,  called  the  Sea-Venture. 

They  set  sayle  from  England  in  May  1609. 

AsmallCatchperishedatSeainaHericano:  the  Admirall    1609. 
[Hag-ship]  with  an  hundred  and  fiftie  men,  with  the  two  f^[^omas 
Knights,  and  their  new  Commission,  their  Bils  of  Loading,  Treasurer, 
with  all  manner  of  directions,  and  the  most  part  of  their 
provision,  arrived  not. 

With  the  other  [90]  seaven  Ships  as  Captaines  arrived  Th«  l<>s.se  of 
Rat[c]liffe,  whose  right  name  (as  is  sayd  [p.  444])  was  lr£ima" 
Sicklemore,  Martin,  and  Archer ,with  Captaine  Wood,  Captaine 
Webbe,  Captaine  Moone,  Captaine  King,  Captaine  Davis,  and 
divers  Gentlemen  of  good  meanes,  and  great  parentage. 
But  the  first  [i.e.,  Ratcliffe,  Martin,  and  Archer]  as  they  had 
beene  troublesome  at  Sea,  began  againe  to  marre  all  ashore : 
for  though  (as  is  said)  they  were  formerly  sent  for  England 
[pp.  105,  107,  408,  411,  444],  yet  now  returning  againe, 
graced  by  the  titles  of  Captaines  of  the  passengers,  seeing 
the  Admirall  wanting,  and  great  probabilitie  of  her  losse, 
strengthened  themselues  with  those  new  companies,  sc 
exclaiming  against  Captaine  Smith,  that  they  mortally 
hated  him  ere  ever  they  saw  him. 

Who  vnderstanding  by  his  Scouts  [of]  the  arrivall  of  such 
a  Fleet,  little  dreaming  of  any  such  supply,  supposed  them 
Spanyards.  But  he  quickly  so  determined  and  ordered  our 
affaires,  as  we  little  feared  their  Arrivall,  nor  the  successe 
of  our  incounter ;  nor  were  the  Salvages  any  way  negligent  {/.  162.] 
for  the  most  part,  to  ayd  and  assist  vs  with  their  best  power. 

Had  it  so  beene  we  had  beene   happy;  for  we  would  The 
not  haue  trusted  them  but  as  our  foes,  where  [as]  receiuing  offir*?fighi 
them  as  our  Countreymen  and  friends,  they  did  what  they  ^fir™' 
could  to  murther  our  President,  to  surprise  the  Store,  the 
Fort,  and  our  lodgings,  to  vsurpe  the  government,  and  make 
vs  all  their  servants  and  slaues,  till  they  could  consume 
vs  and  our  remembrance ;  and  rather  indeed  to  supplant 
vs   then   supply   vs,  as   master  William  Box  an    honest  r/.so*. 
Gentleman  in  this  voyage  thus  relateth. 


480  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,       Lib.  3.  V  w.'*.k!S3: 

L  Hon.' G.  Fercy. 

[1609]  In  the  tayle  of  a  Hericano  wee  were  separated  from 

the  Admirall,  which  although  it  was  but  the  remainder 
of  that  Storme,  there  is  seldome  any  such  in  England, 
or  those  Northerne  parts  of  Europe.  Some  lost  their 
Masts,  some  their  Sayles  blowne  from  their  Yards ; 
the  Seas  so  over-raking  our  Ships,  much  of  our 
prouision  was  spoyled,  our  Fleet  separated,  and  our 
men  sicke,  and  many  dyed :  and  in  this  miserable 
estate  we  arrived  in  Virginia. 

But  in  this  Storme, 

When  ratling  Thunder  ran  along  the  Clouds  ; 

Did  not  the  Saylers  poore,  and  Masters  proud 

A  terror  feele  as  strucke  with  feare  of  God  ? 

Did  not  their  trembling  ioynts  then  dread  his  rod  ? 

Least  for  foide  deeds  and  black  mouth? d  blasphemies , 

The  ru[e]full  time  be  come  that  vengeance  cryes. 

Mutinies.  To  a  thousand  mischiefes  those  lewd  Captaines  [Ratcliffe 
&c]  led  this  lewd  company,  wherein  were  many  vnruly  Gal- 
lants packed  thither  by  their  friends  to  escape  ill  destinies, 
and  those  would  dispose  and  determine  of  the  government, 
sometimes  to  one,  the  next  day  to  another ;  to  day  the  old 
Commission  must  rule,  to  morrow  the  new,  the  next  day 
neither;  in  fine  they  would  rule  all,  or  ruine  all:  yet  in 
charitie  we  must  endure  them  thus  to  destroy  vs ;  or  by 
correcting  their  follies,  haue  brought  the  worlds  censure 
vpon  vs  to  be  guiltie  of  their  blouds.  Happie  had  we 
beene  had  they  never  arrived,  and  we  for  ever  abandoned, 
and  as  we  were  left  to  our  fortunes :  for  on  earth,  for  the 
number,  was  never  more  confusion,  or  misery,  then  their 
factions  occasioned. 

The  President  seeing  the  desire  those  Braues  had  to 
rule ;  seeing  how  his  authoritie  was  so  vnexpectedly 
changed,  would  willingly  haue  left  all,  and  haue  returned 
for  England.  But  seeing  there  was  small  hope  this  new 
Commission  would  arriue,  longer  he  would  not  suffer  those 
factious  spirits  to  proceede. 

It  would  be  too  tedious,  too  strange,  and  almost  incredible ; 
should  I  particularly  relate  the  infinite  dangers,  plots,  and 
practices,  he  daily  escaped  amongst  this  factious  crew ;  the 
chiefe  whereof  he  quickly  layd  by  the  heeles,  till  his  leasure 


£d.byw.s^m,nonds.-]  LIB>  j      with  the  third  supply  inV'vcgmia..  481 


The  plant- 
ing [of] 
Nandsa- 
tnund. 


better  served  to  doe  them  iustice :  and  to  take  away  all  [1609] 
occasions  of  further  mischiefe,  Master  Percie  had  his  request 
granted  to  returne  for  England,  being  very  sicke;  and 
Master  West  with  an  hundred  and  twentie  of  the  best  he 
could  chuse,  he  sent  to  the  Falles ;  Martin  with  neare  as 
many  to  Nandsamund,  with  their  due  proportions  of  all 
provisions  according  to  th[e]ir  numbers.  [91J 

Now  the  Presidents  yeare  being  neare  expired,  he  made 
Captaine  Martin  President,  to  follow  the  order  for  the  elec- 
tion of  a  President  every  yeare  :  but  he  knowing  his  owne 
insufficiency,  and  the  companies  vntowardnesse  and  little 
regard  of  him  within  three  houres  after  resigned,  it  againe  \p.  163.] 
to  Captaine  Smith;  and  at  Nandsamund  thus  proceeded. 

The  people  being  contributes  vsed  him  kindly;  yet  such  The  breach 
was  his  iealous  feare,  in  the  midst  of  their  mirth,  he  did  sur-   JK 
prise  this  poore  naked  King,  with  his  Monuments,  houses,  Salvaees- 
and  the  Isle  he  inhabited,  and  there  fortified  himselfe; 
but  so  apparantly  distracted  with  feare,  as  imboldened  the 
Salvages  to  assault  him,  kill  his  men,  release  their  King, 
gather  and  carry  away  a  thousand  bushels  of  Corne,  he  not 
once  offering  to  intercept  them ;  but  sent  to  the  President, 
then  at  the  Falles,  for  thirtie  good  shot ;  which  from  lames 
Towne   immediately  was   sent   him.      But    he    so    well 
imployed  them  they  did  iust  nothing,  but  returned  com- 
plaining of  his  tendernesse :  yet  he  came  away  with  them 
to  lames  Towne,  leauing  his  company  to  their  fortunes. 

Here  I  cannot  omit  the  courage  of  George  Forrest,  that 
had  seauenteene  Arrowes  sticking  in  him,  and  one  shot 
through  him,  yet  liued  sixe  or  seauen  dayes,  as  if  he  had 
small  hurt ;  then  for  want  of  Chirurgery  dyed. 

Master  West  having  seated  his  men  by  the  Falles,  pre- 
sently returned  to  reuisit  lames  Towne :  the  President 
followed  him  to  see  that  company  seated ;  met  him  by  the 
way,  wondering  at  his  so  quicke  returne ;  and  found  his 
company  planted  so  inconsiderately,  in  a  place  not  onely 
subiect  to  the  rivers  invndation,  but  round  invironed  with 
many  intollerable  inconueniences. 

For  remedie  whereof  he  presently  sent  to  Powhatan  to  jjjjj^'gj 
sell  him  the  place  called  Powhatan,  promising  to  defend  him  copper.  °' 
against  the  Monacans.     And  these  should  be  his  Conditions 

3* 


482  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,      Lib.  3.  T    w.t^w. 

L  Hon.  G.  Percy. 


R.  Pots, 
uikard. 
Percy. 

[1609]  [He]  (with  his  people)  to  resigne  him  the  Fort  and 

houses,  andall  that  Countrey  for  a  proportion  of  Copper; 

that  all  stealing  offenders  should  be  sent  him,  there  to  re- 

ceiue  their  punishment;  that  every  house  as  aCustome 

should  pay  him  aBushell  of  Corne  for  an  inch  square  of 

Copper,  and  a  proportion  of  Pocones,  as  a  yearely  tribute 

to  King  lames  for  their  protection,  as  a  dutie;  what  else 

they  could  spare  to  barter  at  their  best  discretions. 

Mutinies.  But  both  this  excellent  place  and  those  good  Conditions 

did  those  furies  refuse ;  contemning  both  him,  his  kinde 

care  and  authoritie.     So  much  they  depended  on  the  Lord 

Generals  new  Commission,  as  they  regarded  none :   the 

worst   they  could  doe  to  shew  their  spights   they  did; 

supposing  all  the    Monacans    Country,  gold;    and   none 

should  come  there  but  whom  they  pleased.     I  doe  more 

then  wonder  to  thinke  how  onely  with  hue  men,  he  either 

durst  or  would  adventure  as  he  did,  (knowing  how  greedie 

[p.  164.]       they  were  of  his  bloud)  to  land  amongst  them,  and  commit 

to  imprisonment  all  the  Chieftaines  of  those  mutinies,  till 

SeSelS"     by  tnen*  multitudes  being  an  hundred  and  twentie  they 

hundred  and  forced  him  to  retyre :  yet  in  that  interim  he  surprised  one 

of  their  Boates,  wherewith  he  returned  to  their  ship,  where 

in  deed  was  their  prouision ;  which  also  he  tooke,  and  well  it 

chanced  he  found  the  Marriners  so  tractable  and  constant, 

or  there  had  beene  small  possibilitie  he  had  ever  escaped. 

There  were  divers  other  of  better  reason  and  experience, 

that  from  their  first  landing,  hearing  the  generall  good 

report  of  his  old  Souldiers,  and  seeing  with  their  eyes  his 

actions  so  well   mannaged  with   discretion,  as   Captaine 

Wood,   Captaine  Webbe,   Captaine  Moone,  Captaine   Fitz 

lames.  Master  William  Powell,  Master  Partridge,  Master 

White,  and  divers  others,  when  they  perceiued  the  malice 

of  Rat[c\liffe   and   Archer,   and    their  faction,   left   their 

companies,  and  ever  rested  his  faithfull  friends. 

Breach  of         But  the  worst  was  that  the  poore  Salvages,  that  daily 

iheCsaWages  brought    in   their    contribution    to    the    President,   that 

attheFalle*- disorderly  company  so  tormented  those  poore  soules,  by 

stealing  their  corne,  robbing  their  gardens,  beating  them, 

breaking  their  houses  and  keeping  some  prisoners ;  that 

they  daily  complained  to  Captaine  Smith,  he  had  brought 


Ed.  by  w.  simmonds.-j  lib#  3.     with  the  third  supply  in  Virginia.  483 

them  for  Protectors,  worse  enemies  then  the  Monacans  [1609] 
themselues :  which  though  till  then,  for  his  loue  they  had 
endured,  they  desired  pardon  if  hereafter  they  defended 
themselues ;  since  he  would  not  correct  them,  as  they 
had  long  expected  he  would.  So  [92]  much  they  impor- 
tuned him  to  punish  their  misdemeanors,  as  they  offered 
(if  he  would  leade  them)  to  fight  for  him  against  them. 

But  having  spent  nine  dayes  [Aug -Sept.  1609]  in  seeking 
to  reclaime  them  ;  shewing  them  how  much  they  did  abuse 
themselues  with  these  great  guilded  hopes  of  the  South 
Sea  Mines,  commodities,  or  victories,  they  so  madly 
conceived;  then  seeing  nothing  would  prevaile,  he  set 
sayle  for  lames  Towne. 

Thus  oft  we  see  from  small  greene  wounds,  and  from  a  little 

griefe, 
A  greater  sore  and  sicknesse  growes,  then  will  admit  relief e : 
For  thus  themselues  they  did  beguile,  and  with  the  rest  play'd 

theefe. 

Now   no   sooner  was   the   Ship  vnder   sayle,  but   the  £nthealt 
Salvages  assaulted  those  hundred  and  twentie  in  their  Fort,   Salvages 
finding  some  stragling  abroad  in  the  woods:  they  slew  many, 
and  so  affrighted  the  rest,  as  their  prisoners  escaped,  and  ^- l6s] 
they  safely  retyred,  with  the  swords  and  cloakes  of  those 
they  had  slaine. 

But  ere  wee  had  sayled  halfe  a  league,  our  ship  grounding, 
gaue  vs  once  more  libertie  to  summon  them  to  a  parley ; 
where  we  found  them  all  so  strangely  amazed  with  this 
poore  silly  assault  of  twelue  Saluages,  that  they  submitted 
themselues  vpon  any  tearmes  to  the  Presidents  mercy;  who 
presently  put  by  the  heeles  sixe  or  seauen  of  the  chiefe 
offenders. 

The  rest  he  seated  gallantly  at  Powhatan,  in  that  Salvage 
Fort,  readie  built,  and  prettily  fortified  with  poles  and 
barkes  of  trees,  sufficient  to  haue  defended  them  from  all 
the  Salvages  in  Virginia,  dry  houses  for  lodgings,  and  neere 
two  hundred  acres  of  ground  ready  to  be  planted,  and  no 
place  we  knew  so  strong,  so  pleasant  and  delightfull  in  ?^e0fant- 
Virginia  for  which  we  called  it  Non-such.  Non-such. 

The  Salvages  also  hee  presently  appeased,  redeliuering  |^  ^ 
to  either  party  their  former  losses.  appeased. 


484 
[1609] 


The  Discoveries  and  Accidents,      Lib.  3.  T    w.i5;£SS! 

Lllon.   G.  Percy. 

Thus  all  were  friends.  New  officers  appointed  to 
command,  and  the  President  againe  ready  to  depart. 

At  that  instant  arriued  Captaine  West,  whose  gentle 
nature,  by  the  perswasions  and  compassion  of  those 
mutinous  prisoners  (alledging  they  had  onely  done  this 
for  his  honor)  was  so  much  abused,  that  to  regaine  their 
old  hopes,  new  turboyles  did  arise.  For  they  a-shore 
being  possessed  of  all  the[i]re  victuall, munition,  and  euery 
thing,  grew  to  that  height  in  their  former  factions,  as  the 
President  left  them  to  their  fortunes :  they  returned  againe 
to  the  open  ayre  at  Wests  Fort,  abandoning  Non-such,  and 
he  to  lames  towne  with  his  best  expedition. 

Captaine  But  this  hapned  him  in  that  Iourney.     Sleeping  in  his 

bbwne  vp     Boate,  (for  the  ship  was  returned  two  daies  before)  acci- 

withpowder- dentallie,  one  fired  his  powder-bag,  which  tore  the  flesh 

from  his  body  and  thighes,  nine  or  ten  inches  square  in  a 

most  pittifull  manner ;  but  to  quench  the  tormenting  fire, 

frying  him  in  his  cloaths  he  leaped  over-board  into  the 

deepe  river,  where  ere  they  could  recouer  him  he  was  neere 

drowned.      In   this  estate  without  either  Chirurgian,  or 

Chirurgery  he  was  to  goe  [by  water]  neere  an  hundred  myles. 

Arriving  at  lames  towne,  causing  all  things  to  be  prepared 

for  peace  or  warres  [and]  to  obtaine  provision. 

Whilest  those  things  were  Tpvovi<\mg,Rat[c]liffeyA  rcJier,  and 
the  rest  of  their  Confederates,  being  to  come  to  their  trials ; 
their  guiltie  consciences  fearing  a  iust  reward  for  their 
deserts,  seeing  the  President  vnable  to  stand,  and  neere  bereft 
of  his  senses  by  reason  of  his  torment,  they  had  plotted  to 
haue  murdered"  him  in  his  bed.  But  his  heart  did  faile 
him  that  should  haue  giuen  fire  to  that  mercilesse  Pistoll. 

So  not  finding  that  course  to  be  the  best,  they  ioyned 
together  to  vsurpe  the  government,  thereby  to  escape  their 
punishment. 

The  President  had  notice  of  their  proiects,  the  which  to 
withstand,  though  his  old  souldiers  importuned  him  but  per- 
mit them  to  take  their  heads  that  would  resist  his  command, 
Ihy?S   ve* ne  would  not  suffer  them ;  but  sent  for  the  Masters  of  the 
couSre       ships,  and  tooke  order  with  them  for  his  returne  for  England. 
and  hisey  Seeing  there  was  neither  Chirurgian,  nor  Chirurgery  in 

Commit      ^  port  tQ  cure  j1£s  ilur^  and  the  ship  to  depart  the  next 


[A  166.] 


A  bloudy 
intent. 


Ed.  by  w.  s«nmonds.j  lib  3.     with  the  third  supply  in  Virginia.  485 

day  [about  13  Sept  1609,  seep.  486],  his  Commission  to  be  [1609] 
suppressed  he  knew  not  why,  himselfe  and  souldiers  to  be 
rewarded  he  knew  not  how,  and  a  [93]  new  commission 
granted  they  knew  not  to  whom  (the  which  disabled  that 
authority  he  had,  as  made  them  presume  so  oft  to  those 
mutinies  as  they  did  :)  besides  so  grievous  were  his  wounds, 
and  so  cruell  his  torments  (few  expecting  he  could  Hue)  nor 
was  hee  able  to  follow  his  busines  to  regaine  what  they  had 
lost,  suppresse  those  factions',  and  range  the  countries  for 
provision  as  he  intended ;  and  well  he  knew  in  those  affaires 
his  owne  actions  andpresence  was  as  requisit  as  his  directions, 
which  now  could  not  be:  he  went  presently  abroad,  resoluing 
there  to  appoint  them  governours,  and  to  take  order  for  the 
mutine[e]rs  ;  but  he  could  finde  none  hee  thought  fit  for  it, 
would  accept  it.  In  the  meane  time,  seeing  him  gone,  they 
perswaded  Master  Percy  to  stay,  who  was  then  to  goe  for 
England,  and  be  their  President. 

Within  lesse  then  an  houre  was  this  mutation  begun 
and  concluded. 

For  when  the  Company  vnderstood  Smith  would  leaue 
them,  and  saw  the  rest  in  Armes  called  Presidents  and 
Councellors,  divers  began  to  fawne  on  those  new  commanders, 
that  now  bent  all  their  wits  to  get  him  [to]  resigne  them  his 
Commission :  who  after  much  adoe  and  many  bitterrepulses ;  [p.  167.] 
that   their   confusion  (which  he  tould  them  was  at  their 
elbowes)  should  not  be  attributed  to  him,  for  leauing  the 
Colony  without  a  Commission,  he  was  not  vnwilling  they 
should  steale  it,  but  never  would  he  giue  it  to  such  as  they. 
And  thus,   Strange  violent  forces  drew  vs  on  vnwilling : 
Reason  perswading  'gainst  our  loues  rebelling. 
We  saw  and  knew  the  better,  ah  curse  accurst ! 
That  notwithstanding  we  imbrace  the  worst. 

But  had  that  vnhappie  blast  not  hapned,  he  would 
quickly  haue  qualified  the  heate  of  those  humors  and 
factions,  had  the  ships  but  once  left  them  and  vs  to  our 
fortunes ;  and  haue  made  that  provision  from  among  the 
Salvages,  as  we  neitherfeared  Spanyard,  Salvage,  nor  famine; 
nor  would  haue  left  Virginia,  nor  our  lawfull  authoritie, 
but  at  as  deare  a  price  as  we  had  bought  it,  and  payd  for  it. 

What  shall  I  say,  but  thus  we  left  [lost]  him,  that  in 


486  The  Discoveiies  and  Accidents,      Lib.  3.  ["   w  !*„£?£ 

LHon.  G.  Percy. 

L1609]  all  his  proceedings,  made  Iustice  his  first  guide,  and  ex- 
perience his  second,  even  hating  basenesse,  sloath,  pride, 
and  indignitie,  more  then  any  dangers  ;  that  neuer  allowed 
more  for  himselfe,  then  his  souldiers  with  him;  that  vpon 
no  danger  would  send  them  where  he  would  not  lead  them 
himselfe ;  that  would  never  see  vs  want,  what  he  either  had, 
or  could  by  any  meanes  get  vs ;  that  would  rather  want 
then  borrow,  or  starue  then  not  pay;  that  loued  action 
more  then  words,  and  hated  falshood  and  covetousnesse 
worse  then  death ;  whose  adventures  were  our  Hues,  and 
whose  losse  our  deaths. 

Leaving  vs  thus  with  three  ships,  seaven  boats,  com- 
modities readie  to  trade,  the  harvest  newly  gathered,  ten 
weeks  provision  in  the  store,  foure  hundred  nintie  and  od 
persons,  twentie-foure  Peeces  of  Ordnance,  three  hundred 
Muskets  Snaphances  and  Firelockes ;  Shot  Powder  and 
Match  sufficient;  Curats  Pikes  Swords  and  Morrio[n]s,more 
then  men;  the  Salvages,  their  language,  and  habitations  well 
knowne  to  an  hundred  well  trayned  and  expert  Souldiers ; 
Nets  for  fishing;  Tooles  of  all  sorts  to  worke  ;  apparell  to 
supply  our  wants ;  six  Mares  and  a  Horse ;  fiue  or  sixe  hun- 
dred Swine ;  as  many  Hennes  and  Chickens ;  some  Goats ; 
some  sheepe.     What  was  brought  or  bred  there,  remained. 

But  they,  regarding  nothing  but  from  hand  to  mouth,  did 
consume  that  wee  had,  tooke  care  for  nothing  but  to  perfect 
some  colourable  complaints  against  Captaine  Smith.  For 
effecting  whereof  three  weekes  longer  [i.e.,  from  about  13 
y.  168.]  Sept,  to  4  Oct.  1609,  seep.xcxiii]  they  stayed  the  Ships,  till  they 
could  produce  them.  That  time  and  charge  might  much 
better  haue  beene  spent,  but  it  su[i]ted  well  with  the  rest 
of  their  discretions. 

Besides  lames  towne  that  was  strongly  Pallizadoed, 
containing  some  fiftie  or  sixtie  houses,  he  left  fiue  or  sixe 
other  severall  Forts  and  Plantations :  though  they  were 
not  so  sumptuous  as  our  successors  expected,  they  were 
better  then  they  provided  any  for  vs.  All  this  time  we 
had  but  one  Carpenter  in  the  Countrey,  and  three  others 
[94]  that  could  doe  little,  but  desired  to  be  learners ;  two 
Blacksmiths ;  two  saylers  ;  and  those  we  write  labourers 
were  for  most  part  footmen,  and  such  as  they  that  were 
Adventurers   brought   to   attend   them,  or  such  as  they 


Ed.  by  w.  s«jmonds.-j  lib  ^      w^h  ffa  third  supply  in  Virginia.  487 

could  perswade  to  goe  with  them,  that  neuer  did  know  [1609] 
what  a  dayes  worke  was:  except  the  Dutch-men  and  Poles, 
and  some  dozen  other.  For  all  the  rest  were  poore  Gentle- 
men, Trad[e]smen,  Serving-men,  libertines,  and  such  like, 
ten  times  more  fit  to  spoyle  a  Common-wealth,  then  either 
begin  one,  or  but  helpe  to  maintaine  one.  For  when  neither 
the  feare  of  God,  nor  the  law,  nor  shame,  nor  displeasure  of 
their  friends  could  rule  them  here  [in England], there  is  small 
hope  ever  to  bring  one  in  twentie  of  them  ever  to  be  good  there 
[in  Virginia] .  Notwithstanding,  I  confesse  divers  amongst 
them,  had  better  mindes  and  grew  much  more  industrious 
then  was  expected  :  yet  ten  good  workemen  would  haue  r/A  6^.930.] 
done  more  substantiall  worke  in  a  day,  then  ten  of  them  in 
a  weeke.  Therefore  men  may  rather  wonder  how  we 
could  doe  so  much,  then  vse  vs  so  badly  because  we  did 
no  more,  but  leaue  those  examples  to  make  others  beware; 
and  the  fruits  of  all,  we  know  not  for  whom. 

But  to  see  the  justice  of  God  vpon  these  Dutch-men ;  J\eh*nds 
Valdo  before  spoke  of,  made  a  shift  to  get  for  England,  DutcA-mm. 
where  perswading  the  Merchants  what  rich  Mines  he  had 
found,  and  great  service  he  would  doe  them,  was  very  well 
rewarded,  and  returned  with  the  Lord  LaWarre[June  1610]: 
but  being  found  a  meere  Impostor,  he  dyed  most  miserably. 

Adam  and  Francis  his  two  consorts  were  fled  againe  [in 
the  winter  1609-10]  to  Powhatan,  to  whom  they  promised  at 
the  arrivall  of  my  Lord  [June  1610],  what  wonders  they 
would  doe,  would  he  suffer  them  but  to  goe  to  him.  But 
the  King  seeing  they  would  be  gone,  replyed ;  You  that 
would  haue  betrayed  Captaine  Smith  to  mee,  will  certainely 
betray  me  to  this  great  Lord  for  your  peace  :  so  caused  his 
men  to  beat  out  their  braines. 

To  conclude,  the  greatest  honour  that  ever  belonged  to 
the  greatest  Monarkes,  was  the  inlarging  their  Dominions, 
and  erecting  Common-weales.  Yet  howsoever  any  of  them 
haue  attributed  to  themselues,  the  Conquerors  of  the 
world :  there  is  more  of  the  world  never  heard  of  them, 
then  ever  any  of  them  all  had  in  subiection  :  for  the  Medes, 
Persians,  and  Assyrians,  never  Conquered  all  Asia;  nor  the 
Grecians  but  part  of  Europe  and  Asia.  The  Romans  indeed 
had  a  great  part  of  both,  as  well  as  Affrica :  but  as  for  all 


488  The  Discoveries  and  Accidents.     Ltb.  3.  ["    W.T^S5! 

LHon.  G.  Percy. 

[1609]  the  Northerne  parts  of  Europe  and  i4s/a,  the  interior 
Southern  and  Westerne  parts  of  Affrica,  all  America  and 
T^rra  incognita,  they  were  all  ignorant :  nor  is  our  know- 
ledge yet  but  superficiall.  That  their  beginnings,  ending, 
and  limitations  were  proportioned  by  the  Almightie  is  most 
evident :  but  to  consider  of  what  small  meanes  many  of 
them  haue  begun  is  wonderfull.  For  some  write  that  even 
Rome  her  selfe,  during  the  Raigne  of  Romulus,  exceeded 
not  the  number  of  a  thousand  houses.  And  Carthage  grew 
so  great  a  Potentate,  that  at  first  was  but  incirculed  in  the 
thongs  of  a  Bulls  skinne,  as  to  fight  with  Rome  for  the 
Empire  of  the  world.  Yea  Venice  at  this  time  the  admira- 
tion of  the  earth,  was  at  first  but  a  Marish,  inhabited  by 
poore  Fishermen.  And  likewise  Ninivie,  Thebes,  Babylon, 
Debts,  Troy,  Athens,  Mycena  and  Sparta,  grew  from  small 
beginnings  to  be  most  famous  States,  though  now  they 
retaine  little  more  then  a  naked  name.  Now  this  our  yong 
Common-wealth  in  Virginia,  as  you  haue  read  once  con- 
sisted but  of  38  persons  [p.  402],  and  in  two  yeares  increased 
but  to  200.  yet  by  this  small  meanes  so  highly  was  approved 
the  Plantation  in  Virginia,  as  how  many  Lords, with  worthy 
Knights,  and  braue  Gentlemen  pretended  [intended]  to  see  it, 
and  some  did  ;  and  now  after  the  expence  of  fifteene  yeares 
more  [1609-1624],  and  such  massie  summes  of  men  and 
money,  grow  they  disanimated  ?  If  we  truely  consider  our 
Proceedings  with  the  Spanyards,  and  the  rest,  we  haue  no 
reason  to  despayre,  for  with  so  small  charge,  they  never 
had  either  greater  Discoveries,  with  such  certaine  tryals  of 
more  severall  Commodities,  then  in  this  short  time  hath 
beene  returned  from  Virginia,  and  by  much  lesse  meanes. 

i/>.  240-142,  New  England  was  brought  out  of  obscuritie,  and  affoorded 

as6-»59-]  fraught  for  neare  200  sayle  of  ships,  where  there  is  now 
erected  a  braue  Plantation  [the  settlement  of  the  Pilgrim 

1/. 749]  Fathers  at  New  Plymouth],  For  the  happines  of  Summer 
Isles,  they  are  no  lesse  then  either,  and  yet  those  haue  had 
a  far  lesse,  and  a  more  difficult  beginning,  then  either 
Rome,  Carthage,  or  Venice, 

Written  by  Richard  Pots,  Clarke  of  the  Councell, 
William  Tankard,  and  G.  P.  [95] 


The  Generall  Historie  of  Virginia,  New  England,  S°  the  Summer  Isles. 
The  two  intercalated  pages,  95  and  96. 


A    reprint    of 
Co mp lim entary    Ve rses. 


490 


[It  will  be  convenient  here  to  deal  with  the  bibliographical  myth, 
that  Sig.  O,  being  pages  97  to  104,  was  suppressed  in  all  copies. 

Smith,  in  his  Prospectus  of  1623,  p.  cxxvi,  estimated  the  matter  of 
the  General  History ;  as  "  composed  in  [i.e.,  written  to  fill]  less  than 
eighty  sheets,"  which,  at  four  pages  to  the  folio,  or  eight  pages  to  the 
signature,  equals  320  pp.  The  actual  printed  text  occupies  12  un 
numbered,  and  240  pages,  wrongly  numbered  after  p.  96 ;  or  252 
printed//,  in  all :  that  is,  nearly  a  fourth  less  than  the  original  estimate. 

The  explanation  of  this  is  very  simple,  and  is  due  to  the  acuteness 
of  H.  Stevens,  Esq.,  F.S.A. 

The  manuscript  had  passed  the  licenser  by  the  12  July  1624  (as  the 
entry  at  Stationers'  Hall,/.  274,  proves) ;  and  it  being  desired  to  print 
it  with  all  possible  speed,  it  was  given  out  to  two  out  of  the  twenty  to 
twenty-five  printing  houses  then  existing  in  London  :  the  "  copy  "  being 
roughly  divided  between  them.  This  is  confirmed  by  the  variation  of 
the  initial  letters,  and  of  the  style  of  the  headings,  on  and  after/.  105 
of  the  original  edition,  from  those  before  that  page. 

If  the  matter  fell  short  for  the  latter  part  of  the  book,  that  would 
make  no  difference  ;  but  if  it  fell  short  in  the  earlier  part,  there  would 
be  a  hiatus  :  and  a  hiatus  there  was,  of  10  folio  pages.  Two  of  these, 
the  Author  filled  up  with  this  reprint  of  Complimentary  Verses  from 
the  Description  of  New  England,  presumably,  by  then,  out  of  print, 
beginning  with  the  words  on  the  opposite  page. 

"  Now  seeing  there  is  thus  much  Paper  here  to  spare,  that  you 
should  not  be  altogether  cloyed  with  Prose ;  such  Verses  as  my 
worthy  Friends  bestowed  upon  New  England,  I  here  present  you., 
because  with  honestie  I  can  neither  reiect,  nor  omit  their  courtesies." 

The  remaining  two  sheets  or  eight  pages,  which  should  have  made 
Sig.  O,  he  left  simply  a  gap,  without  any  explanation  at  all. 

That  the  General  History  was  pushed  through  the  press  with  all 
possible  speed,  is  hard  to  prove  now  :  but  it  seems  to  be  confirmed 
by  the  above  ;  and  it  is  manifest  from  the  Preface  of  foure  Poynts  at 
p.  278,  that  the  History  was  written  to  sustain  the  public  interest  in 
the  Colonizing  movement,  after  the  disgraceful  collapse  of  the  London 
Virginia  Company  and  while  its  legal  dissolution  was  in  progress. 

"  The  which  losse  [ofl/ie  Massacre  on  22  March  1622]  to  repaire  the 
company  did  what  they  could,  till  they  had  consumed  all  their  stocke 
[capital]  as  is  said  ;  then  they  broke  [became  bankrupt],  not  making 
any  account,  nor  giving  satisfaction  to  the  Lords,  Planters,  Adventurers, 
nor  any  ;  whose  noble  intents  had  referred  the  managing  of  this 
intricate  businesse  to  a  few  that  lost  not  by  it.  So  that  his  Maiesty 
recalled  their  Commission  [June  1624]."    />.  931. 

In  the  original  edition  of  1624,  the  Fourth  Book  has,  by  an  error  of 
the  second  printer,  not  got  Lib.  4  in  the  headline.  We  have  inserted 
it  in  the  present  edition,  for  the  sake  of  uniformity.] 


Now  seeing  there  is  thus  much  Paper  here  to  spare,  that 
you  should  not  be  altogether  cloyed  with  Prose  ;  such 
Verses  as  my  worthy  Friends  bestowed  vpon  New- 
England,  i"  here  present  you,  because  with  honestie 
I  can  neither  reiect,  nor  omit  their  courtesies. 


In  the  deserued  Honour  of  the  Author,  &  au] 
Captaine  Iohn  Smith,  and  his  Worke. 


Amn'd  Envie  is  a  sp'rite,  that  ever  haunts  [1616] 

Beasts,  mis-nam'd  Men ;  Cowards,  or  Ignorants. 
But,  onely  such  shee  followes,  whose  deare  WORTH 
(Maugre  her  malice)  sets  their  glory  forth. 
If  this  faire  Overture,  then,  take  not ;  It 
Is  Envie's  spight  {deare  friend)  in  men  of  wit ; 
Or  Feare,  lest  morsels,  which  our  mouths  possesse, 
Might  fall  from  thence;  or  else,  tis  Sottishnesse. 
If  either ;  (I  hope  neither)  thee  they  raise ; 
Thy  * Letters  are  as  Letters  in  thy  praise ;  *  Hindered 

Who,  by  their  vice,  improue  (when  they  reprooue) 
Thy  vertue  ;  so,  in  hate,  procure  thee  Loue. 

Then,  On  firme  Worth  :  this  Monument  I  frame ; 
Scorning  for  any  Smith  to  forge  such  fame. 

Iohn  Davies,  Heref; 


492  [Reprint  of  Complimentary  Ferses.  J,Ndsm5! 


1616. 


b».,8x,!         To  his  worthy  Captaine  the  Author. 

[1C16]      ^^J^^Ha^  which  wee  call  the  subiect  of  all  Storie, 

Is  Truth  :  which  in  this  Worke  of  thine  giues  glorie 
To  all  that  thou  hast  done.     Then,  scorne  the  spight 
Of  Envie ;  which  doth  no  mans  Merits  right. 
My  sword  may  helpe  the  rest :  my  Pen  no  more 
Can  doe,  but  this ;  Fane  said  enough  before. 

Your  sometime  Souldier,  /.  Codrinton,  now 
Tempi  er. 


fAi82.i  To  my  Worthy  Friend  and  Cosen, 

Captaine  lohn  Smith. 

T  over-ioyes  my  heart,  when  as  thy  Words 
Of  these  designes,  with  deeds  I  doe  compare. 
Here  is  a  Booke,  such  worthy  truth  affords, 
None  should  the  due  desert  thereof  impare : 
Sith  thou,  the  man,  deserving  of  these  Ages, 
Much  paine  hast  ta'en  for  this  our  Kingdomes  good, 
In  Climes  vnknowne,  *Mongst  Turks  and  Salvages, 
T'inlarge  our  bounds ;  though  with  thy  losse  of  blood. 
Hence  damn'd  Detraction :  stand  not  in  our  way, 
Envie,  it  selfe,  will  not  the  Truth  gainesay. 

N.  Smith. 


R.  Crashaw,  M.  Phettiplace. 

W.  Phettiplace,  R.  Wiffing. 

1616. 


Reprint  of  Complimentary  Verses.~]      493 


In  the  deserved  Honour  of  my  honest 

and  worthy  Captaine,  lohn  Smith,  and 

his  Worke. 

Aptaine  and  friend ;  when  I  pervse  thy  Booke 
(With  Iudgements  eyes)  into  my  heart  /  looke: 
And  there  I  finde  (what  sometimes  Albion  knew) 
A  Souldier,  to  his  Countries-honour,  true. 
Some  fight  for  wealth  ;  and  some  for  emptie  praise ; 
But  thou  alone  thy  Countries  Fame  to  raise.  [96] 
With  due  discretion,  and  vnda[u]nted  heart, 
/  (oft)  so  well  haue  seene  thee  act  thy  Part 
In  deepest  plunge  of  hard  extreamitie, 
As  fore H  the  troups  of  proudest  foes  to  flie. 
Though  men  of  greater  Ranke  and  lesse  desert 
Would  Pish  away  thy  Praise,  it  can  not  start 
From  the  true  Owner :  for,  all  good  mens  tongues 
Shall  keepe  the  same.     To  them  that  Part  belongs. 
If,  then,  Wit,  Courage,  and  Successe  should  get 
Thee  Fame ;  the  Muse  for  that  is  in  thy  debt : 
A  part  whereof  (least  able  though  I  be) 
Thus  here  I  doe  disburse,  to  honor  Thee. 

Raleigh  Crashaw. 


IA  184.] 


[1616] 


Michael  Phettiplace,    Wil:    Phettiplace,  \t.*%\ 
and  Richard  Wiffing,  Gentlemen,  and  Souldiers 
vnder  Captaine  Smiths  command :  In  his  deserved 
honour  for  his  Worke,  and  Worth. 

Hy  may  not  wee  in  this  Worke  haue  our  Mite, 
That  had  our  share  in  each  black  day  and  night, 
When  thou  Virginia  foild'st,  yet  kepfst  vnstaind ; 
And  held'st  the  King  of  Paspeheh  enchaind. 


494  [Reprint  of  Complimentary  Verses.  w.phet^ce. 


1016. 


[1616]  Thou  all  alone  this  Salvage  sterne  didst  take, 

Pamavnkees  King  wee  saw  thee  captiue  make 
A  mong  seauen  hundred  of  his  stoutest  men, 
To  murther  thee  and  vs  resolved ;  when 
Fast  by  the  hayre  thou  ledst  this  Salvage  grimt 
Thy  Pistoll  at  his  breast  to  governe  him  : 
Which  did  infuse  such  awe  in  all  the  rest 
(Sith  their  drad  Soveraigne  thou  had'st  so  distrest) 
That  thou  and  wee  (poore  sixteene)  safe  retired 
Vnto  our  helplesse  Ships.     Thou  (thus  admir'd) 
Didst  make  proud  Powhatan,  his  subiects  send 
To  lames  his  Towne,  thy  censure  to  attend: 
And  all  Virginia's  Lords,  and pettie  Kings, 
Awyd  by  thy  vertuc,  crouch,  and  Presents  brings 
To  gaine  thy  grace ;  so  dreaded  thou  hast  beenc : 
And  yet  a  heart  more  milde  is  seldome  seene; 
So,  making  Valour  Vertue,  really ; 
Who  hast  nought  in  thee  counterfeit,  or  site ; 
If  in  the  sleight  be  not  the  truest  Art, 
That  makes  men  famoused  for  f aire  desert. 

Who  saith  of  thee,  this  sauors  of  vaine-gloriet 
Mistakes  both  thee  and  vs,  and  this  true  Storic. 
If  it  be  ill  in  Thee,  so  well  to  doe ; 
Then,  is  ill  in  Vs,  to  praise  thee  too. 
But,  if  the  first  be  well  done ;  it  is  well, 
To  say  it  doth  (if  so  it  doth)  excell. 
Praise  is  the  guerdon  of  each  deare  desert 
Making  the  praised  act  the  praised  part 
With  more  alacritie ;  Honours  Spurre  is  Praise ; 
Without  which,  it  (regardlesse)  soone  decaies. 

And  for  this  paines  of  thine  wee  praise  thee  rather, 
That  future  Times  may  know  who  was  the  father 
Of  that  rare  Worke  (New  England)  which  may  bring, 
Praise  to  thy  God,  and  profit  to  thy  King.  [105 


The  Generall  Historic  of  Virginia,  New  England,  &*  the  Summer  Isles. 

The    Fourth    Book. 

1624. 


The  History  of  Virginia, 
1609-1624. 


This  History  of  Virginia  from  the  departure  of  Captain  Smith 
from  James  town,  on  4  October  1609,  to  the  dissolution  of  the  London 
Virginia  Company,  in  June  1624  ;  is  in  nothing  like  the  detail  of  the 
previous  part  of  this  Volume.  It  should  be  supplemented  by  a  study 
of  the  Works  specified  on/,  cxxxiii. 


The  Fovrth  Booke. 


TO 

MAKE  PLAINE  THE  TRVE 

PROCEEDINGS  OF  THE  HISTORIE 

for  1609.  we  must  follow  the  examinations  of 
Doctor  Simons,   and  two  learned   Orations 
published  by  the  Companie ;  with  the  rela- 
tion of  the  Right  Honourable  the 
Lord  De  la  Ware. 


What  happened  in  the  first  gouernment  after  the 

alteration,  in  the  time  of  Captaine  George 

Piercie  their  Gouernour. 

HEday  before  fcOct.  1609]  Captaine  Stow*/*  [1609] 
returned  [4  Oct.  1609,  see  pp.  167,  170] 
for  England  with  the  ships,  Captaine  [A  «t»J 
Dauis  arriued  in  a  small  Pinace,  with 
some  sixteene  proper  men  more :  To 
these  were  added  a  company  from 
lames  towne,  vnder  the  command  of 
Captaine  Iohn  Sickelmore  alias  Rat  [cjliffe, 
to  inhabit  Point  Comfort.  Captaine  Martin  and  Captaine 
West,  hauing  lost  their  boats  and  neere  halfe  their  men 
among  the  Saluages,  were  returned  to  lames  towne;  for  the  1609 
Saluages  no  sooner  vnderstood  Smith  was  gone,  but  they 
11  reuolted,  and  did  spoile  and  murther  all  they  incountered. 

32 


The  plant 
ing  Point 
Comfort. 


49$  The  gouernment  resigned  to     Lib.  4.  [Rev-  W>5S3£ 

[1609]  Now  wee  were  all  constrained  to  Hue  onely  on  that  Smith 

had  onely  for  his  owne  Companie,  for  the  rest  had  consumed 
their  proportions.  And  now  they  had  twentie  Presidents 
with  all  their  appurtenances:  Master  Piercie,  our  new  Pre- 
sident, was  so  sicke  hee  could  neither  goe  nor  stand.  But 
ere  all  was  consumed,  Captaine  West  and  Captaine  Sickel- 
more,  each  with  a  small  ship  and  thirtie  or  fortie  men  well 
appointed,  sought  abroad  to  trade.  Sickelmore  vpon  the 
confidence  of  Powhatan,  with  about  thirtie  others  as 
carelesse  as  himselfe ;  were  all  slaine ;  onely  Jeffrey  Short- 

(/o8i45'  ™dge  escaped;  and  Pokahontas  the  Kings  daughter  saued  a 
boy  called  Henry  Spilman  [pp.  172,  503,  528,  586,  606J, 
that  liued  many  yeeres  after,  by  her  meanes,  amongst  the 
Patawomekes. 

Powhatan  still,  as  he  found  meanes,  cut  off  their  Boats, 
denied  them  trade :  so  that  Captaine  West  set  saile  for 
England. 

Now  we  all  found  the  losse  of  Captaine  Smith,  yea  his 
greatest  maligners  could  now  curse  his  losse:  as  for  corne 
prouision  and  contribution  from  the  Saluages,  we  had 
nothing  but  mortall  wounds,  with  clubs  and  arrowes ;  as 
for  our  Hogs,  Hens,  Goats,  Sheepe,  Horse,  or  what  liued, 
our  commanders,  officers  and  Saluages  daily  consumed 
them,  some  small  proportions  sometimes  we  tasted,  till 
all  was  deuoured;  then  swords,  armes,  pieces,  or  any 
thing,  wee  traded  with  the  Saluages,  whose  cruell  fingers 
were  so  oft  imbrewed  in  our  blouds,  that  what  by  their 
crueltie,  our  Gouernours  indiscretion,  and  the  losse  of  our 
ships,  of  fiue  hundred  within  six  moneths  after  Captaine 
Smiths  departure  [Oct.  1609 — Mar.  1610],  there  remained 
not  past  sixtie  men,  women  and  children,  most  miserable 
and  poore  creatures ;  and  those  were  preserued  for  the 
most  part,  by  roots,  herbes,  acornes,  walnuts,  berries,  now 
and  then  a  little  fish :  they  that  had  startch  in  these 
extremities,  made  no  small  vse  of  it ;  yea,  euen  the  very 
skinnes  of  our  horses. 

Nay,  so  great  was  our  famine,  that  a  Saluage  we  slew 
and  buried,  the  poorer  sort  tooke  him  vp  againe  and  eat 
him ;  and  so  did  diuers  [106]  one  another  boyled  and 
stewed  with  roots  and  herbs :  And  one  amongst  the  rest 


Ed,byjuiyS"6t']  LlB-  4-     Sir  Thomas  Gates,  1610.  499 

did  kill  his  wife,  powdered  [salted]  her,  and  had  eaten  part  [1609-10] 
of  her  before  it  was  knowne  ;  for  which  hee  was  executed, 
as  hee  well  deserued:  now  whether  shee  was  better  roasted, 
boyled  or  carbonado'd,  I  know  not ;  but  of  such  a  dish  as 
powdered  wife  I  neuer  heard  of. 

This  was  that  time,  which  still  to  this  day  [1624]  we  [The 
called  the  staruing  time ;  it  were  too  vile  to  say,  and  Time!]ng 
scarce  to  be  beleeued,  what  we  endured :  but  the  occasion 
was  our  owne,  for  want  of  prouidence  industrie  and  gouern- 
ment,  and  not  the  barrennesse  and  defect  of  the  Countrie, 
as  is  generally  supposed ;  for  till  then  in  three  yeeres,  for 
the  numbers  were  landed  vs,  we  had  neuer  from  England 
prouision  sufficient  for  six  moneths,  though  it  seemed  by 
the  bils  of  loading  sufficient  was  sent  vs,  such  a  glutton 
is  the  Sea,  and  such  good  fellowes  the  Mariners ;  we  as 
little  tasted  of  the  great  proportion  sent  vs,  as  they  of  our 
want  and  miseries,  yet  notwithstanding  they  euer  ouer- 
swayed  and  ruled  the  businesse,  though  we  endured  all 
that  is  said,  and  chiefly  liued  on  what  this  good  Countrie 
naturally  afforded.  Yet  had  wee  beene  euen  in  Paradice 
it  selfe  with  these  Gouernours,  it  would  not  haue  beene 
much  better  withe  vs  ;  yet  there  was  amongst  vs,  who  had 
they  had  the  gouernment  as  Captaine  Smith  appointed, 
but  that  they  could  not  maintaine  it,  would  surely  haue 
kept  vs  from  those  extremities  of  miseries.  This  in  ten 
daies  more,  would  haue  supplanted  vs  all  with  death. 

But   God   that  would   not    this    Countrie    should    be  [*if*l 
vnplanted,  sent  Sir  Thomas  Gates,  and  Sir  George  Sommers  Jfh|i"riua11 
with  one  hundred  and  fiftie  people  most  happily  preserued  Thomas 
by  the  Bermudas  to  preserue  vs  [21  May  1610]  :  strange  it 
is  to   say  how   miraculously  they  were   preserued  in   a 
leaking  ship,   as  at  large  you  may  reade  in  the  insuing 
Historie  of  those  Hands  [p.  635]. 


J& 


500 


The  government  deuolued  to        Lib.  4.  [ 


W.  Box. 
T-    !_?  June  i6ix. 


1610. 


[1610] 


lames 
towne 
abandoned. 


T/ie  gouernment  resigned  to  Sir  Thomas 
Gates,  1 6 10. 

Hen  these  two  Noble  Knights  did  see  our 
miseries,  being  but  strangers  in  that  Countrie, 
and  could  vnderstand  no  more  of  the  cause, 
but  by  coniecture  of  our  clamours  and  com- 
plaints, of  accusing  and  excusing  one  another :  They 
embarked  vs  with  themselues,  with  the  best  meanes  they 
could,  and  abandoning  lames  towne  [7  June  1610],  set  saile 
for  England :  whereby  you  may  see  the  euent  of  the  gouern- 
ment of  the  former  Commanders  [Ratcliffe,  Martin,  and 
Archer]  left  to  themselues;  although  they  had  liued  there 
many  yeeres,  as  formerly  hath  beene  spoken  (who  hindred 
now  their  proceedings,  Captaine  Smith  being  gone). 

At  noone  they  fell  to  the  He  of  Hogs,  and  the  next 
morning  [8  June]  to  Mulbery point,  at  what  time  they  descried 
the  Long-boat  of  the  Lord  la  Ware ;  for  God  would  not  haue 
it  so  abandoned.  For  this  honourable  Lord,  then  Gouer- 
nour  of  the  Countrie,  met  them  with  three  ships  exceedingly 
well  furnished  with  all  necessaries  fitting;  who  againe 
returned  them  to  the  abandoned  lames  towne. 

Out  of  t/ie  obseruations  of  William  Simmons 

Doctor  of  Diuinitie. 


The  arriuall 
of  the  Lord 
la  Ware. 

Ifi.  171.] 


The  gouernment  devalued  to  the  Lord  la  Ware. 

,Is  Lordship  arriued  the  ninth  of  Iune  1610. 
accompanied  with  Sir  Ferdinando  Waynman, 
Captaine  Houlcroft,  Captaine  Lawson,  and  diuers 
other  Gentlemen  of  sort ;  the  tenth  he  came  vp 
with  his  fleet,  went  on  shore,  heard  a  Sermon,  read  his  Com- 
mission, and  entred  into  consultation  for  the  good  of  the 
Colonie :  in  which  secret  counsell  we  will  a  little  leaue  them, 
that  we  may  duly  obserue  the  reuealed  counsell  of  God. 

Hee  that  shall  but  turne  vp  his  eie,  and  behold  the 


byjiiys^:]  Lib.  4.         the  Lord  la  Ware.  501 

tangled  canopie  of  heauen,  or  shall  but  cast  downe  his  eie,      [1610] 
idconsiderthe embroydered  carpet  of  the  earth,  and  withall 
rail  marke  how  the  heauens  heare  the  earth,  and  the  earth 
le  Corne  and  Oile,  and  they  relieue  the  necessities  of  man, 
iat  man  will  acknowledge  Gods  infinite  [107]  prouidence. 
lut  hee  that  shall  further  obserue,  how  God  inclineth  all 
:asuall  euents  to  worke  the  necessary  helpe  of  his  Saints, 
lust  needs  adore  the  Lords  infinite  goodnesse. 
Neuer  had  any  people  more  iust  cause,  to  cast  them- 
jelues  at  the  very  foot-stoole  of  God,  and  to  reuerence  his 
lercie,  than  this  distressed  Colonie;  for  if  God  had  not 
:nt  Sir  Thomas  Gates  from  the  Bermudas,  within  foure  daies 
iey  had  almost  beene  famished ;  if  God  had  not  directed 
the   heart  of  that  noble  Knight   to  saue  the  Fort  from 
fiering  at  their  shipping  [embarkation],  for  many  were  very 
importunate  to  haue  burnt  it,  they  had   beene   destitute 
of  a  present  harbour  and  succour :  if  they  had  abandoned 
the  Fort  any  longer  time,  and  had  not  so  soone  returned, 
questionlesse  the  Indians  would  haue  destroied  the  Fort, 
which  had  beene  the  meanes  of  our  safeties  amongst  them 
and   a   terror.     If   they  had   set    saile   sooner,    and  had 
lanched  into  the  vast  Ocean ;  who  would  haue  promised 
they  should  haue  incountered  the  Fleet  of  the  Lord   la 
Ware :  especially  when  they  made  for  Newfound  land,  as 
they  intended;  a  course  contrarie  to  ourNauie  approaching. 
If  the  Lord  la  Ware  had  not  brought  with  him  a  yeeres 
prouision,  what   comfort  would  those  poore  soules  haue 
receiued,  to  haue  beene  relanded  to  a  second  distruction  ? 
This  was  the  arme   of  the  Lord   of  Hosts,  who  would 
haue  his  people  passe  the  red  Sea  and  Wildernesse,  and 
then  to  possesse  the  land  of  Canaan :    It  was   diuinely 
spoken  of  Heathen  Socrates,  If  God  for  man  be  carefull, 
why   should   man   bee   ouer-distrustfull  ?    for  he  hath  so 
tempered  the  contrary  qualities  of  the  Elements, 
That  neither  cold  things  want  heat,  nor  moist  things  dry, 
Nor  sad  things  spirits,  to  quicken  them  thereby, 
Yet  make  they  music  all  content  of  contrarietie, 
Which  conquer  'd,  knits  them  in  such  links  together. 
They  doe  produce  euen  all  this  whatsoeuer. 

The  Lord  Gouernour,  after  mature  deliberation,  deliuered 


502  The  gouernment  deuolued  to     Lib.  4.  [?Jl^®°*; 

[1610]  some  few  words  to  the  Companie,  laying  iust  blame  vpon 
them,  for  their  haughtie  vanities  and  sluggish  idlenesse, 
earnestly  intreating  them  to  amend  those  desperate  follies 
lest  hee  should  be  compelled  to  draw  the  sword  of  Iustice 
and  to  cut  off  such  delinquents,  which  he  had  rather  draw 
to  the  shedding  of  his  vitall  bloud,  to  protect  them  from 
iniuries  ;  heartning  them  with  relation  of  that  store  hee  had 
brought  with  him,  constituting  officers  of  all  conditions,  to 
rule  ouerthem,  allotting  euery  man  his  particular  place,  to 
watch  vigilantly,  and  worke  painfully. 

This  Oration  and  direction  being  receiued  with  a  generall 
applause,  you  might  shortly  behold  the  idle  and  restie 
diseases  of  a  diuided  multitude,  by  the  vnitie  and  authoritie 
of  this  gouernment  to  be  substantially  cured.  Those  that 
knew  not  the  way  to  goodnesse  before,  but  cherished 
singularitie  and  faction,  can  now  chalke  out  the  path  of  all 
respectiue  dutie  and  seruice  :  euery  man  endeuoureth  to 
outstrip  other  in  diligence :  the  French  preparing  to  plant  the 
Vines,  the  English  labouring  in  the  Woods  and  grounds ; 
euery  man  knoweth  his  charge,  and  dischargeth  the  same 
with  alacritie. 

Neither  let  any  man  be  discouraged,  by  the  relation  of 
their  daily  labour  (as  though  the  sap  of  their  bodies  should 
bee  spent  for  other  mens  profit)  the  setled  times  of  work- 
ing, to  effect  all  themselues,  or  as  the  Aduenturers  need 
[Divine  scr-  desire,  required  no  more  paines  than  from  six  of  the  clocke 
i!S.aInd     m  tne  rnorning,  vntill  ten,  and  from  two  in  the  afternoone, 
4 /•>*.]        till  foure ;  at  both  which  times  they  are  prouided  of  spirituall 
and  corporall  reliefe.     First,  they  enter  into  the  Church, 
1/-957-]       anc*  make  their  praiers  vnto  God;  next  they  returne  to 
their  houses  and  receiue  their  proportion   of  food.     Nor 
should  it   bee  conceiued    that  this    businesse   excludeth 
Gentlemen,  whose    breeding    neuer   knew  what  a  daies 
labour  meant :  for  though  they  cannot  digge,  vse  the  Spade, 
nor  practice  the  Axe,  yet  may  the   staied  spirits  of  any 
condition,  finde  how  to   imploy  the  force  of  knowledge, 
the  exercise  of  counsell,  the  operation  and  power  of  theii 
best  breeding  and  qualities. 
1/957]  The  houses  which  are  built,  are  as  warme  and  defensiue 

against  wind  and  [108]  weather,  as  if  they  were  tiled  and 
slated,  being  couered  aboue  with  strong  boards,  and  some 


Ed.  by  J.  Smith.")    T   tt» 
Julyi624.J    L-IB' 


the  Lord  la  Ware. 


503 


Sir  Gtorge 
Sommers 
returne 
to  the 
Bermudas. 


matted  round  with  Indian  mats.  Our  forces  are  now  such  as      [1610] 
are  able  to  tame  the  furie  and  trecherie  of  the  Saluages:  Our 
Forts  assure  the  Inhabitants,  and  frustrate  all  assaylants. 

And  to  leaue  no  discouragement  in  the  heart  of  any, 
who  personally  shall  enter  into  this  great  action,  I  [i.e., 
W.  Box]  will  communicate  a  double  comfort ;  first,  Sir 
George  Sommers,  that  worthy  Admirall  hath  vndertaken  a 
dangerous  aduenture  for  the  good  of  the  Colonic 

Vpon  the  15.  [or  19,^.  639]  of  Iune  [1610],  accompanied 
withCaptaine  Samuel  A r gall,  hee  returned  in  two  Pinaces 
vnto  the  Bermudas,  promising  (if  by  any  meanes  God  will 
open  a  way  to  that  Hand  of  Rocks)  that  he  would  soone 
returne  with  six  moneths  prouision  of  flesh ;  with  much 
crosse  weather  at  last  hee  there  safely  arriued,  but  Captaine 
Argall  was  forced  backe  againe  to  lames  towne  :  whom  the 
Lord  De  la  Ware  not  long  after  sent  to  the  Riuer  of  Pata- 
womeke,  to  trade  for  Corne ;  where  finding  [in  Sept.  1610]  [/-17a-] 
an  English  boy,  one  Henry  Spilman  [pp.  172,  498,  528,  586, 
606],  a  young  Gentleman  well  descended,  by  those  people 
preserued  from  the  furie  of  Powhatan,  by  his  acquaintance  had 
such  good  vsage  of  those  kinde  Saluages,  that  they  fraughted 
his  ship  with  Corne,  wherewith  he  returned  to  lames  towne. 

The  other  comfort  is,  that  the  Lord  la  Ware  hath  built  The 
two  new  Forts,  the  one  called  Fort  Henry,  the  other  Fort  &«  Xf«r, 
Charles,  in  honour   of  our   most   noble   Prince,   and 
hopefull  brother,   vpon   a   pleasant   plaine,  and   neare   a 
little  Riuilet  they  call  Southampton  Riuer ;  they  stand  in 
a  wholsome  aire,  hauing  plentie  of  Springs  of  sweet  water, 
they  command  a  great  circuit  of  ground,  containing  Wood, 
Pasture  and  Marsh,  with  apt  places  for  Vines,  Corne  and 
Gardens  ;  in  which  Forts  it  is  resolued,  that  all  those  that 
come   out   of  England,    shall    be    at    their  first   landing 
quartered,  that  the  wearisomnesse  of  the   Sea  may  bee 
refreshed  in  this  pleasing  part  of  the  Countrie. 

And  Sir  Thomas  Gates  hee  sent  for  England[i$  July  1610]. 

But  to  correct  some  iniuries  of  the  Paspahegs,  he  sent 
Captaine  Pearcie,  Master  Stacy,  and  fiftie  or  threescore 
shot :  where  the  Saluages  flying,  they  burnt  their  houses, 
tooke  the  Queene  and  her  children  prisoners,  whom  not 
long  after  they  slew. 

The  fertilitie  of  the  soile,  the  temperature  of  the  climate 


U :  0    and  Fort 
b    Charlit. 


504     The  government  of  the  Lord  la.  Ware.     Lib.  4.  [?j™e'S£ 

[1611]  the  forme  of  gouernment,  the  condition  of  our  people,  their 
daily  inuocating  of  the  Name  of  God  being  thus  expressed; 
why  should  the  successe,  by  the  rules  of  mortall  iudgement, 
bee  disparaged  ?  why  should  not  the  rich  haruest  of  our 
hopes  be  seasonably  expected  ?  I  dare  say,  that  the 
resolution  of  Cczsar  in  France,  the  designes  of  Alexander, 
the  discoueries  of  Hernando  Cortes  in  the  West,  and  of 
Emanuel  King  of  Portugal  in  the  East,  were  not  encouraged 
vpon  so  firme  grounds  of  state  and  possibilitie. 

But  his  Lordship  being  at  the  fal[ljes,  the  Saluages 
assaulted  his  troopes  and  slew  three  or  foure  of  his  men. 

Not  long  after,  his  Honour  growing  very  sicke,  he  returned 
for  England  the  28.  of  March  [161 1] ;  in  the  ship  were  about 
hue  and  fiftie  men,  but  ere  we  arriued  at  Fyall,  fortie  of  vs 
were  neare  sicke  to  death,  of  the  Scuruie,  Callenture,  and 
other  diseases :  the  Gouernour,  being  an  English-man, 
kindly  vsed  vs,  but  small  reliefe  we  could  get  but  Oranges, 
of  which  we  had  plenty ;  whereby  within  eight  daies  wee 
recouered,  and  all  were  well  and  strong  by  that  they  came 
into  England. 

Written  by  William  Box. 


The  Counsell  of  Virginia  finding  the  smalnesse  of  that 
returne  which  they  hoped  should  haue  defrayed  the  charge 
of  a  new  supply,  entred  into  a  deep  consultation,  whether 
it  were  fit  to  enter  into  a  new  Contribution,  or  in  time  to 
send  for  them  home  and  giue  ouer  the  action,  and  there- 
fore they  adiured  Sir  Thomas  Gates  to  deale  plainly  with 
them,  who  with  a  solemne  and  a  sacred  oath  replyed, 

That  all  things  before  reported  were  true :  and  that  all 
men  know  that  wee  stand  at  the  deuotion  of  politicke 
Princes  and  States,  who  for  their  proper  vtilitie,  deuise 
all  courses  to  grind  our  Merchants,  and  by  all  pretences 
to  confiscate  their  goods,  and  to  draw  from  vs  all  manner 
of  gaine  by  their  inquisitiue  inuentions;  when  in  Virginia, 
a  fewyeeres  labour  by  planting  and  husbandry,  will  furnish 
all  [109]  our  defects  with  honour  and  securitie. 

Out  of  a  Declaration  published  by  the  Counsell,  16 10. 


The 

Relation  cf 
the  Lord  In 


The  gouernment  left  againe  to    ieu. 

Captaine    George    Piercie,   and    the 

returne  of  the  Lord  la  Ware,  with  his 
Relation   to  the   Councell. 

Y  Lords,  now  by  accident  returned  from       [1611] 
my  charge  at  Virginia,  contrary  either  sfr  ?*«»«* 
to  my  owne  desire,  or  other  mens  ex-  Treasurer, 
pectations,  who   spare   not   to   censure 
me,  in  point  of  dutie,  and  to  discourse 
and  question  the   reason,  though  they 
apprehend   not   the   true   cause  of  my 
returne ;  I  am  forced  out  of  a  willing- 
nesse  to  satisfie  euery  man,  to  deliuer  vnto  your  Lordships  xw<£c 
and  the  rest  of  this  assemblie,  in  what  state  I  haue  liued 
euer  since  my  arriuall  to  the  Colonie,  what  hath  beene  the 
iust  cause  of  my  sudden  departure,  and  on  what  tearmes 
I  haue  left  the  same :  the  rather  because  I  perceiue,  that 
since  my  comming  into  England,  such  a  coldnesse  and 
irresolution  is  bred  in  many  of  the  Aduenturers,  that  some 
of  them  seeke  to  withdraw  their  payments,  by  which  the 
action  must  be  supported,  making  this  my  returne  colour 
of  their  needlesse  backwardnesse  and  vniust  protraction: 
which  that  you  may  the  better  vnderstand,  I  was  welcomed 
to  lames  towne  by  a  violent  ague ;  being  cured  of  it,  within 
three  weekes  after  I  began  to  be  distempered  with  other 
grieuous  sicknesses  which  successiuely  and  seuerally  as- 
sailed me,  for  besides  a  relapse  into  the  former  disease,  which 
with  much  more  violence  held  me  more  than  a  moneth,  and 
brought  me  to  greater  weaknesse ;  the  flux  surprised  mee, 
and  kept  me  manydaies;  then  the  crampe  assaulted  my  weake 
body  with  strong  paines ;  and  after,  the  gout :  all  those  drew 
me  to  that  weaknesse,  being  vnable  to  stirre,  [that]  brought 
vponme  thescuruie;  which  though  in  others  it  be  a  sicknesse 
of  slothfulnesse,  yet  was  it  in  me  an  effect  of  weaknesse, 
which  neuer  left  me,  till  I  was  ready  to  leave  the  world. 
In   these  extremities    I    resolued   to  consult   with   my 


506    The  gouernment  surrendred  to  Capt.  Piercie.    [Lor  ji*^"; 

[1611]  friends,  who  finding  nature  spent  in  me,  and  my  body 
almost  consumed,  my  paines  likewise  daily  increasing, 
gaue  me  aduice  to  preferre  a  hopefull  recouerie  before  an 
assured  ruine  ;  which  must  necessarily  haue  ensued,  had  I 
liued  but  twentie  daies  longer  in  Virginia,  wanting  at  thai, 
instant  both  food  and  Physicke  fit  to  remedie  such  extra- 
ordinary diseases  :  wherefore  I  shipped  [2SMar.  1611]  my  selfe 
with  Doctor Bohun and  Captained  rg<z// for  Menisinthe  West 
Indies,  But  being  crossed  with  Southerly  winds,  I  was  forced 
to  shape  my  course  for  the  Westerne  lies  [Azores'],  where 
I  found  helpe  for  my  health,  and  my  sicknesse  asswaged,  by 
the  meanes  of  fresh  dyet,  especially  Oranges  and  Limons, 
an  vndoubted  remedie  for  that  disease  :  then  I  intended  to 
haue  returned  backe  againe  to  Virginia,  but  I  was  aduised 
not  to  hazard  my  selfe,  before  I  had  perfectly  recouered  my 
strength  :  so  I  came  for  England.  In  which  accident,  I 
doubt  not  but  men  of  iudgement  will  imagine,  there  would 
more  preiudice  haue  happened  by  my  death  there,  than  I 
hope  can  doe  by  my  returne. 

For  the  Colony,  I  left  it  to  the  charge  of  Captaine  George 
Piercie,  a  Gentleman  of  honour  and  resolution,  vntill  the 
comming  of  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  whose  Commission  was  like- 
wise to  bee  determined  vpon  the  arriuall  of  Sir  Thomas 
Gates,  according  to  the  order  your  Lordships  appointed : 
the  number  I  left  were  about  two  hundred,  the  most  in 
health,  and  prouided  of  at  least  ten  moneths  victuall,  and 
the  Countrie  people  tractable  and  friendly. 

What  other  defects  they  had,  I  found  by  Sir  Thomas  Gates, 
at  the  Cowes,his  Fleet  was  sufficiently  furnished  with  sup- 
plies :  but  when  it  shall  please  God  that  Sir  Thomas  Dale, 
ITd  :S>ne     anc*  Sir  Thomas  Gates  shall  arriue  in  Virginia  with  the  extra- 
Swinesentto  ordinarie  supply  of  100.  Kine,  and  200.  Swine,  besides 
vtreimm.     store  0f  0ther  prouision,  for  the  maintenance  of  the  Colonie, 
there  will  appeare  that  successe  in  the  action,  as  shall 
giue  no  man  cause  of  distrust,  that  hath  already  aduentured, 
but  incourage  euery  good  minde  to  further   so  good    a 
worke,  as  will  redound  both  to  the  glory  of  God,  to  the 
credit  of  our  [110]  nation,  and  the  comfort  of  all  those 
that  haue  beene  instruments  in  the  furthering  of  it. 
Out  of  the  Lord  la  Wares  discourse,  published 
by  Author itie,  1 6 1 1 . 


The  gouernment  surrendred  to  Sir  1611. 

Thomas  Dale,  who  arriued  in  Virginia 

the  tenth  of  May,  1 6 1 1 .  out  of  Master 

Hamors  Booke. 

Efore    the    Lord    la    Ware    arriued    in       P-611] 
England,  the   Councell   and  Companie  fj„[^mas 
had  dispatched  away  Sir  Thomas  Dale  Treasurer, 
with  three  ships,  men,  and  cattell,  and  Jfhgirrriua11 
all    other    prouisions    necessarie   for  a  rww 
yeere ;  all  which  arriued  well  the  tenth  DaU' 
of    May   1611 :   where   he  found    them 
growing  againe  to  their  former  estate 
of  penurie,  being  so  improuident  as  not  to  put  Corne  in  the 
ground  for  their  bread ;  but  trusted  to  the   store,  then 
furnished  but  with  three  moneths  prouision.    His  first  care 
therefore  was  to  imploy  all  hands  about  setting  of  Corne,  at 
the  two  Forts  at  Kecoughtan,  Henry  and  Charles  ;  whereby, 
the  season  then  not  [being]  fully  past,  though  about  the  end 
of  May,  wee  had  an  indifferent  crop  of  good  Corne. 

This  businesse  taken  order  for,  and  the  care  and  trust  ^saration 
of  it  committed  to  his  vnder-Ofncers,  to  lames  towne  he  *oblvld,aD 
hastened,  where  most  of  the  companie  were  at  their 
daily  and  vsuall  works,  bowling  in  the  streets :  these 
hee  imployed  about  necessarie  workes,  as  felling  of 
Timber,  repayring  their  houses  ready  to  fall  on  their 
heads,  and  prouiding  pales,  posts  and  railes,  to  impale 
his  purposed  new  towne,  which  by  reason  of  his  ignorance, 
being  but  newly  arriued,  hee  had  not  resolued  where 
to  seat.  Therefore  to  better  his  knowledge,  with  one 
hundred  men  he  spent  some  time  in  viewing  the  Riuer 


new  towne. 


508      The  gouernment  surrendered  to  Sir T '.  Dale.    [l8j;2^J; 

[1611]  of  Nansanwnd,  in  despight  of  the  Indians  then  our  enemies ; 
then  our  owne  Riuer  to  the  Fal[ljes,  where  vpon  a  high  land, 
inuironed  with  the  maine  Riuer,  some  twelue  miles  from  the 
Fal[l]es,  by  Arsahattock,  he  resolued  to  plant  his  new  towne. 
It  was  no  small  trouble  to  reduce  his  people  so  timely 
to  good  order,  being  of  so  ill  a  condition,  as  may  well 
witnesse  his  seueritie  and  strict  imprinted  booke  of 
Articles,  then  needfull  with  all  extremitie  to  be  executed; 
now  much  mitigated  :  so  as  if  his  Lawes  had  not  beene 
so  strictly  executed,  I  see  not  how  the  vtter  subuersion 
of  the  Colonie  should  haue  beene  preuented,  witnesse 
Webbes  and  Prices  designe  the  first  yeere,  since  that  of 
Abbots  and  others,  more  dangerous  than  the  former. 

Here  I  entreat  your  patience  for  an  Apologie,  though 
not  a  pardon.  This  Jeffrey  Abbots,  how  euer  this  Author 
censures  him,  and  the  Gouernour  executes  him ;  I  know 
he  had  long  serued  both  in  Ireland  and  Netherlands.  Here 
hee  was  a  Sargeant  of  my  Companie,  and  I  neuer  saw 
[#.  108, 131,  in  Virginia,  a  more  sufficient  Souldier,  lesse  turbulent, 
159, 4».  44,  a  better  wjtj  more  hardy  or  industrious,  nor  any  more 
forward  to  cut  off  them  that  sought  to  abandon  the 
Countrie,  or  wrong  the  Colonie;  how  ingratefully  those 
deserts  might  bee  rewarded,  enuied  or  neglected,  or  his 
farre  inferiors  preferred  to  ouer-top  him,  I  know  not :  but 
such  occasions  might  moue  a  Saint,  much  more  a  man,  to 
an  vnaduised  passionate  impatience,  but  how  euer,  it 
seemes  he  hath  beene  punished  for  his  offences,  that  was 
neuer  rewarded  for  his  deserts. 

miufn7e[s]         And  euen  tn^s  Summer  Cole  and  Kitchins  plot  with  three 

suppressed,    more,  bending  their  course  to  Ocanahowan,  hue  daies  iourney 

from  vs,  where  they  report  are  Spaniards  inhabiting.    These 

were  cut  off  by  the  Saluages,  hired  by  vs  to  hunt  them  home 

to  receiue  their  deserts. 

So  as  Sir  Thomas  Dale  hath  not  beene  so  tyrannous  nor 
seuere  by  the  halfe,  as  there  was  occasion,  and  iust  cause  for 
it ;  and  though  the  manner  was  not  vsuall,  wee  were  rather 
to  haue  regard  to  those,  whom  we  would  haue  terrified  and 
made  fearefull  to  commit  the  like  offences,  than  to  the 
offenders  iustly  condemned :  foramongst  them  so  hardned  in 


Ed'  byjuiySG    The  gouernment  returned  to  Sir  T.  Gates.      509 

euill,  the  feare  of  a  cruell  painfull  and  vnusuall  death  more  [1611} 
restraines  them, than  death  it  selfe.  This  much  I  haue  pro- 
ceeded of  his  endeuours,  vntill  the  comming  of  Sir  Thomas 
Gates,  in  preparing  himselfe  to  proceed  as  he  intended.  [Ill] 
Now  in  England  againe,  to  second  this  noble  Knight, 
the  Counsell  and  Companie  with  all  possible  expedition 
prepared  for  Sir  Thomas  Gates  six  tall  ships,  with  three 
hundred  men,  and  one  hundred  Kine  and  other  Cattell, 
with  munition  and  all  other  manner  of  prouision  that 
could  be  thought  needfull ;  and  about  the  first  or  second 
of  August,  1 61 1.  [they]  arriued  safely  at  lames  towne. 


The  gouernment  returned  againe  to  Sir 
Thomas  Gates,  161 1. 

Hese  worthy   Knights    being    met,    after   their  ™fu^°nfd 
welcoming     salutations,      Sir     Thomas     Dale  sir  r/iomai 
acquainted    him     what    he    had    done,    and 
what  he  intended :  which  designe  Sir  Thomas 
Gates  well  approuing,  furnished  him  with  three  hundred 
and  fiftie  men,  such  as  himselfe  made  choice  of. 

In  the  beginning  of  September,  1611.  hee  set  saile,  and 
arriued  where  hee  intended  to  build  his  new  towne  :  within 
ten  or  twelue  daies  he  had  inuironed  it  with  a  pale,  and  in 
honour  of  our  noble  Prince  Henry,  called  it  Henrico.  The 
next  worke  he  did,  was  building  at  each  corner  of  the 
Towne  a  high  commanding  Watch-house,  a  Church,  and 
Store-houses :  which  finished,  hee  began  to  thinke  vpon 
conuenient  houses  for  himselfe  and  men,  which,  with  all 
possible  speed  hee  could,  he  effected,  to  the  great  content 
of  his  companie,  and  all  the  Colonic 

This  towne  is  situated  vpon  a  necke  of  a  plaine  rising  Thebmid. 
land,  three  parts  inuironed  with  the  maine  Riuer,  the  Enrico. 
necke  of  land  well  impaled,  makes  it  like  an  He ;  it  hath 
three  streets  of  well  framed  houses,  a  handsome  Church, 
and  the  foundation  of  a  better  laid  (to  bee  built  of  Bricke), 
besides  Store-houses,  Watch-houses,  and  such  like. 
Vpon  the  verge  of  the  Riuer  there  are  fiue  houses,  wherein 
liue  the  honester  sort  of  people,  as  Farmers  in  England, 
and  they  keepe  continuall  centinell  for  the  townes  securitie. 


510  The  gouernment  returned  to       Lib.  4.  [l8^; 


Hamor. 
une  1614. 


[1611]  About  two  miles  from  the  towne,  into  the  Maine,  is  another 

pale,  neere  two  miles  in  length,  from  Riuer  to  Riuer, 
guarded  with  seuerall  Commanders,  with  a  good  quantitie 
of  Corne-ground  impailed,  sufficiently  secured  to  maintaine 
more  than  I  suppose  will  come  this  three  yeeres. 

On  the  other  side  of  the  Riuer,  for  the  securitie  of  the 
towne,  is  intended  to  be  impaled  for  the  securitie  of  our 
Hogs,  about  two  miles  and  a  halfe,  by  the  name  of  Hope 
in  Faith,  and  Coxendale,  secured  by  fiue  of  our  manner  of 
Forts,  which  are  but  Palisadoes,  called  Charitic  Fort, 
Mount  Malado  (a  guest  house  [hospital]  for  sicke  people)  a 
high  seat  and  wholsome  aire,  Elisabeth  Fort,  and  Fort 
Patience  :  And  here  hath  Master  Whitaker  chosen  his  Par- 
sonage, impaled  a  faire  framed  Parsonage,  and  one  hundred 
acres  called  Rocke  hall,  but  these  are  not  halfe  finished. 

Thejwiiding  About  Christmas  following,  in  this  same  yeere  1611.  in 
mmimt.  regard  of  the  iniurie  done  vs  by  them  of  Apamatuck,  Sir 
Thomas  Dale,  without  the  losse  of  any,  except  some  few 
Saluages,  tooke  it  and  their  Come,  being  but  fiue  miles  by 
land  from  Henrico :  and  considering  how  commodious  it 
might  be  for  vs,  resolued  to  possesse  and  plant  it,  and  at  the 
instant  called  it  the  new  Bermudas ;  whereunto  hee  hath  laid 
out  and  annexed  to  the  belonging  freedome  and  corporation 
for  euer,  many  miles  of  Champian  and  Woodland  ground  in 
seuerall  hundreds,  as  the  vpper  and  nether  hundreds,  Roch- 
dale hundred,  West  Sherly  hundred,  and  Digs  his  hundred. 
In  the  nether  hundred  he  first  began  to  plant,  for 
there  is  the  most  Corne-ground,  and  with  a  pale  of  two 
miles,  cut  ouer  from  Riuer  to  Riuer,  whereby  we  haue 
secured  eight  English  miles  in  compasse :  vpon  which 
circuit,  within  halfe  a  mile  of  each  other,  are  many  faire 
houses  already  built ;  besides  particular  mens  houses  neere 
to  the  number  of  fiftie.  Rochdale,  by  a  crosse  pale  welnigh 
foure  miles  long,  is  also  planted  with  houses  along  the  pale, 
in  which  hundred  our  Hogs  and  Cattell  haue  twentie  miles 
circuit  to  graze  in  securely.  The  building  of  the  Citie  is 
referred  till  our  haruest  [1612]  be  in,  which  he  intends 
to  make  a  retreat  against  any  forraigne  enemie. 

About  fiftie  miles  from  these  is  lames  towne,  vpon  a 
fertill  peninsula,  which  although  [112]  formerly  scandaled 


Ed  byjiiys"62t4.j  Lib.  4.    Sir  Thomas  Gates.  5 1 1 

for  an  vnhealthfull  aire,  wee  finde  it  as  healthfull  as  any  [1611-12] 
other  part  of  the  Countrie ;  it  hath  two  rowes  of  houses  of 
framed  timber,  and  some  of  them  two  stories  and  a  garret 
higher,  three  large  Store-houses  ioined  together  in  length, 
and  hee  hath  newly  strongly  impaled  the  towne.  This 
He,  and  much  ground  about  it,  is  much  inhabited. 

VoKecoughtan  we  accounted  it  fortie  miles,  where  they  Hue 
well  with  halfe  that  allowance  the  rest  haue  from  the  store, 
because  of  the  extraordinarie  quantitie  of  Fish,  Fowle  and 
Deere ;  as  you  may  reade  at  large  in  the  Discoueries  of 
Captaine  Smith.  And  thus  I  haue  truly  related  vnto  you  the 
present  estate  of  that  small  part  of  Virginia  wee  frequent 
and  possesse. 

Since  there  was  a  ship  fraughted  with  prouision,  and  1612- 
fortie  men  ;  and  another  since  then  with  the  like  number  ^SJtk"1"1 
and  prouision,  to  stay  twelue  moneths  in  the  Countrie,  with  Treasurer- 
Captaine  Argall,  which  was  sent  not  long  after.     After  Captaine 
hee  had  recreated  and  refreshed  his  Companie,  hee  was  amCLu. 
sent  to  the  Riuer  Patawomeake,  to  trade  for  Corne  :  the 
Saluages  about  vs  hauing  small  quarter,  but  friends  and 
foes  as  they  found  aduantage  and  opportunitie. 

But  to  conclude  our  peace,  thus  it  happened.  Captaine 
Argall,  hauing  entred  into  a  great  acquaintance  with 
Iapazaws,  an  old  friend  of  Captaine  Smiths,  and  so  to  all 
our  Nation,  euer  since  hee  discouered  the  Countrie:  h[e]ard 
by  him  there  was  Pocahontas,  whom  Captaine  Smiths 
Relations  intituleth  the  Numparell  of  Virginia  [pp.  38, 
169],  and  though  she  had  beene  many  times  a  preseruer 
of  him  and  the  whole  Colonie,  yet  till  this  accident  shee  was 
neuer  seene  at  lames  towne  since  his  departure  [^Oct.  1609]. 

Being  at  Patawomeke,  as  it  seemes,  thinking  her  selfe 
vnknowne,  was  easily  by  her  friend  Iapazaws  perswaded 
to  goe  abroad  with  him  and  his  wife  to  see  the  ship :  for 
Captaine  Argall  had  promised  him  a  Copper  Kettle  to 
bring  her  but  to  him,  promising  no  way  to  hurt  her,  but 
keepe  her  till  they  could  conclude  a  peace  with  her  father; 
the  Saluage  for  this  Copper  Kettle  would  haue  done  any 
thing,  it  seemed  by  the  Relation. 

For  though  she  had  seene  and  beene  in  many  ships,  yet  ^^ktH/ai 
hee  caused  his  wife  to  faine  how  desirous  she  was  to  see  was  taken 
one,  that  hee  offered  to  beat  her  for  her  importunitie,  tiH  pr,soner• 


512     How  Pocahontas  was  taken  prisoner.    Lib.  4. 


[R.  Hamor. 
18  June  1614. 


[1613] 


letter  of 
June  1613 
(in  Purchas 
iv.,  1764, 
Ed.  1625),  it 
would 
appear  that 
Pocahontas 
was 

captured 
in  the 
beginning 
of  April 
1613.] 


Seuen 

English 

returned 

from 

Powhatan 

prisoners. 


she  wept.  But  at  last  he  told  her,  if  Pocahontas  would  goe 
with  her,  hee  was  content :  and  thus  they  betraied  the  poore 
innocent  Pocahontas  aboord,  where  they  were  all  kindly 
feasted  in  the  Cabbin.  Iapazaws  treading  oft  on  the 
Captaines  foot,  to  remember  he  had  done  his  part ;  the 
Captaine  when  he  saw  his  time,  perswaded  Pocahontas  to 
the  Gun-roome,  faining  to  haue  some  conference  with 
Iapazaws,  which  was  onely  that  she  should  not  perceiue  hee 
was  any  way  guiltie  of  her  captiuitie  :  so  sending  for  her 
againe,  hee  told  her  before  her  friends,  she  must  goe  with 
him,  and  compound  peace  betwixt  her  Countrie  and  vs, 
before  she  euer  should  see  Powhatan ;  whereat  the  old  lew 
and  his  wife  began  to  howle  and  crie  as  fast  as  Pocahontas, 
that  vpon  the  Captaines  faire  perswasions,  by  degrees  paci- 
fying her  selte,  and  Iapazaws  and  his  wife,  with  the  Kettle  and 
other  toies,  went  merrily  on  shore ;  and  shee  to  lames  towne. 

A  messenger  forthwith  was  sent  to  her  father,  that  his 
daughter  Pocahontas  he  loued  so  dearely,  he  must  ransome 
with  our  men,  swords,  peeces,  tooles,  &c.  hee  trecherously 
had  stolne. 

This  vnwelcome  newes  much  troubled  Powhatan,  because 
hee  loued  both  his  daughter  and  our  commodities  well,  yet 
it  was  three  moneths  after  [July  1613]  ere  hee  returned  vs 
any  answer :  then  by  the  perswasion  of  the  Councell,  he 
returned  seuen  of  our  men,  with  each  of  them  an  vnseruice- 
able  Musket,  and  sent  vs  word,  that  when  wee  would  deliuer 
his  daughter,  hee  would  make  vs  satisfaction  for  all  iniuries 
done  vs,  and  giue  vs  fiue  hundred  bushels  of  Corne,  and 
for  euer  be  friends  with  vs. 

That  he  sent,  we  receiued  in  part  of  payment,  and 
returned  him  this  answer:  That  his  daughter  should  be 
well  vsed ;  but  we  could  not  beleeue  the  rest  of  our  armes 
were  either  lost  or  stolne  from  him,  and  therefore  till  hee 
sent  them,  we  would  keepe  his  daughter. 

This  answer,  it  seemed,  much  displeased  him,  for  we 
heard  no  more  from  him  for  a  [113]  long  time  after :  when 
with  Captaine  Argals  ship,  and  some  other  vessels  belong- 
ing to  the  Colonie ;  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  with  a  hundred  and 
fiftie  men  well  appointed,  went  vp  into  his  owne  Riuer,  to 
his  chiefe  habitation,  with  his  daughter. 


Ed'bVuiyST624.*]  LlB-  4-     sir  Thomas  Gates  513 

With    many    scornfull    brauado's    they    affronted    vs,       [1613] 
proudly   demanding  Why  wee  came   thither ;    our   reply 
was,  Wee  had  brought  his  daughter,  and  to  receiue  the 
ransome  for  her  that  was  promised,  or  to  haue  it  perforce. 

They  nothing  dismayed  thereat,  told  vs,  We  were  wel- 
come if  wee  came  to  fight,  for  they  were  prouided  for  vs  : 
but  aduised  vs,  if  wee  loued  our  Hues  to  retire ;  else  they 
would  vse  vs  as  they  had  done  Captaine  Ratcliffe :  We  [/•  cm.] 
told  them,  Wee  would  presently  haue  a  better  answer; 
but  we  were  no  sooner  within  shot  of  the  shore  than 
they  let  flie  their  Arrowes  among  vs  in  the  ship. 

Being  thus  iustly  prouoked,  wee  presently  manned  our  a  man  she: 
Boats,  went  on  shore,  burned  all  their  houses,  and  spoiled  forlhead. 
all  they  had  we  could  finde;  and  so  the  next  day  proceeded 
higher  vp  the  Riuer,  where  they  demanded  Why  wee  burnt 
their  houses,  and  wee,  Why  they  shot  at  vs  :  They  replyed, 
it  was  some  stragling  Saluage,  with  many  other  excuses, 
they  intended  no  hurt,  but  were  our  friends  :  We  told 
them,  Wee  came  not  to  hurt  them,  but  visit  them  as 
friends  also. 

Vpon  this  we  concluded  a  peace,  and  forthwith  they 
dispatched  messengers  to  Powhatan ;  whose  answer,  they 
told  vs,  wee  must  expect  foure  and  twentie  houres  ere 
the  messengers  could  returne :  Then  they  told  vs,  our 
men  were  runne  away  for  feare  we  would  hang  them, 
yet  Powhatans  men  were  runne  after  them ;  as  for  our 
Swords  and  Peeces,  they  should  be  brought  vs  the  next 
day,  which  was  only  but  to  delay  time;  for  the  next 
day  they  came  not. 

Then  we  went  higher,  to  a  house  of  Powhatans,  called 
Matchot,  where  we  saw  about  foure  hundred  men  well 
appointed ;  here  they  dared  vs  to  come  on  shore,  which 
wee  did ;  no  shew  of  feare  they  made  at  all,  nor  offered 
to  resist  our  landing,  but  walking  boldly  vp  and  downe 
amongst  vs,  demanded  to  conferre  with  our  Captaine, 
of  his  comming  in  that  manner,  and  to  haue  truce 
till  they  could  but  once  more  send  to  their  King  to 
know  his  pleasure,  which  if  it  were  not  agreeable  to  their 
expectation,  then  they  would  fight  with  vs,  and  defend 
their  owne  as  they  could.  Which  was  but  onely  to  deferre 
the  time,  to  carrie  away  their  prouision ;    yet  wee  pro- 

33 


514  The  gouernment  returned  to  Sir  T .  Gates.  Lib.  4.  [  R  "^^ 


sonnes  come 
to  see 
Pocahontas. 


[1613-14]  mised  them  truce  till  the  next  day  at  noone,  and  then  if 
they  would   fight   with  vs,  they  should  know  when  we 
would  begin  by  our  Drums  and  Trumpets. 
Two  of  Vpon  this  promise,  two  of  Powhatans  sonnes  came  vnto 

Powhatan*  vs  ^0  see  their  sister :  at  whose  sight,  seeing  her  well, 
though  they  heard  to  the  contrane,  they  much  reioiced, 
promising  they  would  perswade  her  father  to  redeeme  her, 
and  for  euer  be  friends  with  vs.  And  vpon  this,  the  two 
brethren  went  aboord  with  vs ;  and  we  sent  Master  Iohn 
Rolfe  and  Master  Sparkes  to  Powhatan,  to  acquaint  him 
with  the  businesse :  kindly  they  were  entertained,  but  not 
admitted  [to]  the  presence  of  Powhatan,  but  they  spoke  with 
Opechancanough,  his  brother  and  successor ;  hee  promised 
to  doe  the  best  he  could  to  Powhatan,  all  might  be  well. 
So  it  being  Aprill  [1613],  and  time  to  prepare  our 
ground  and  set  our  Corne,  we  returned  to  lames  Towne, 
promising  the  forbearance  of  their  performing  their 
promise,  till  the  next  haruest. 


maria  e  of        Long  before  this,  Master  Iohn  Rolfe,  an  honest  Gentle- 

p^lahotuas  man,  and  of  good  behauiour,  had  beene  in  loue  with  Poca- 

/oAn^o/fe.  hontas,  and  she  with  him :  which  thing  at  that  instant  I 

1613         made  knowne  to  Sir  Thomas  Dale  by  a  letter  from  him, 

sw  Thomas  wherein  hee  intreated  his  aduice,  and  she  acquainted  her 

Tourer,    brother  with  it,  which  resolution  Sir   Thomas  Dale  well 

approued:  the  bru[i]te  of  this  mariage  came  soone  to  the 

knowledge  of  Powhatan,  a  thing   acceptable  to  him,  as 

appeared  by  his  sudden  consent,  for  within  ten  daies  he 

sent  Opachisco,  an  old  Vncle  of  hers,  and  two  of  his  sons, 

to  see  the  manner  of  the  mariage,  and   to   doe  in  that 

behalfe  what  they  were  requested,  for  the  confirmation 

thereof,  as  his  deputie ;  which  was  accordingly  done  about 

the  first  of  Aprill  [1614].     And  euer  since  wee  haue  had 

friendly   trade   and   commerce,    as    well   with    Powhatan 

himselfe,  as  all  his  subiects.  [114] 


friendship. 


JamaitT  Besides  this,  by  the  meanes  of  Powhatan,  we  became  in 
league  with  our  next  neighbours,  the  Chicahamanias,  a 
lustie  and  a  daring  people,  free  of  themselues.  These 
people,  so  soone  as  they  heard  of  or  peace  with  Pow- 
hatan, sent  two  messengers  with  presents  to  Sir  Thomas 


Articles  of 
Peace. 


^•^juiyT^'.]  Lib.  4.     The  Articles  of  peace.  515 

Dale,  and  offered  them  his  [him  their]  seruice,  excusing  all  [1614] 
former  iniuries,  hereafter  they  would  euer  be  King  lames  his 
subiects,  and  relinquish  the  name  of  Chickahamania,  to  be 
called  Tassautessus,  as  they  call  vs ;  and  Sir  Thomas  Dale 
the[i]reGouernour, as  the  Kings  Deputie;  onely  they  desired 
to  be  gouerned  by  their  owne  Lawes,  which  is  eight  of  their 
Elders  as  his  substitutes.  This  offer  he  kindly  accepted, 
and  appointed  the  day  hee  would  come  to  visit  them. 

When  the  appointed  day  came,  Sir  Thomas  Dale  and 
Captaine  Argall  with  fiftie  men  well  appointed,  went  to 
Chickahamania,  where  wee  found  the  people  expecting  our 
comming ;  they  vsed  vs  kindly,  and  the  next  morning  sate 
in  counsell,  to  conclude  their  peace vpon  these  conditions: 

First,  they  should  for  euer  bee  called  Englishmen,  and  bee 
true  subiects  to  King  lames  and  his  Deputies. 

Secondly,  neither  to  kill  nor  detaine  any  of  our  men,  nor 
cattell,  but  bring  them  home. 

Thirdly,  to  bee  alwaies  ready  to  furnish  vs  with  three  hundred 
men,  against  the  Spaniards  or  any. 

Fourthly,  they  shall  not  enter  our  townes,  but  send  word  they 
are  new  Englishmen. 

Fiftly,  that  euery  fighting  man,  at  the  beginning  of  haruest, 
shall  bring  to  our  store  two  bushels  of  Come,  for  tribute,  for 
which  they  shall  receiue  so  many  Hatchets. 

Lastly,  the  eight  chief e  men  should  see  all  this  performed,  or 
receiue  the  punishment  themselues  :  for  their  diligence  they 
should  haue  a  red  coat,  a  copper  chaine,  and  King  lames  his 
picture,  and  be  accounted  his  Noblemen. 

All  this  they  concluded  with  a  generall  assent,  and  a 
great  shout  to  confirme  it :  then  one  of  the  old  men  began 
an  Oration,  bending  his  speech  first  to  the  old  men,  then 
to  the  young,  and  then  to  the  women  and  children,  to 
make  them  vnderstand  how  strictly  they  were  to  obserue 
these  conditions,  and  we  would  defend  them  from  the 
furie  of  Powhatan,  or  any  enemie  whatsoeuer,  and  furnish 
them  with  Copper,  Beads,  and  Hatchets :  but  all  this  was 
rather  for  feare  Powhatan  and  we,  being  so  linked  together, 
would  bring  them  againe  to  his  subiection  ;  the  which  to 
preuent,  they  did  rather  chuse  to  be  protected  by  vs,  than 
tormented  by  him,  whom  they  held  a  Tyrant. 

And  thus  wee  returned  againe  to  lames  towne. 


516  TJie  government  left  to  Lib.  4.  [R ,U*S£ 

[1613-14]      When  our  people  were  fed  out  of  the  common  store,  and 
SubCTtuf1    laDoured  iointly  together,  glad  was  he  could  slip  from  his 
in  the         labour,  or  slumber  ouer  his  taske  he  cared  not  how,  nay, 
planters.      ^e  most  honest  among  them  would  hardly  take  so  much 
true  paines  in  a  weeke,  as  now  for  themselues  they  will 
doe  in  a  day :  neither  cared  they  for  the  increase,  pre- 
suming   that    howsoeuer    the     haruest    prospered,    the 
generall  store  must  maintaine  them,  so  that  wee  reaped 
not  so  much  Corne  from  the  labours  of  thirtie,  as  now 
three  or  foure  doe  prouide  for  themselues. 

To  preuent  which,  Sir  Thomas  Dale  hath  allotted  euery 
man  three  Acres  of  cleare  ground,  in  the  nature  of  Farmes, 
except  the  Bermudas  [p.  510] :  who  are  exempted,  but  for  one 
moneths  seruice  in  the  yeere,  which  must  neither  bee  in 
seed-time,  nor  haruest;  for  which  doing,  no  other  dutie  they 
pay  yeerely  to  the  store,  but  two  barrels  and  a  halfe  of  Corne. 
Ensigne  From  all  those  Farmers  (whereof  the  first  was  William 

fimFanncr  Spence,  an  honest,  valiant,  and  an  industrious  man,  and  hath 
mvirginia.  continued  from  1607.  to  this  present  [1614])  from  those  is 
expected  such  a  contribution  to  the  store,  as  wee  shall 
neither  want  for  our  selues,  nor  to  entertaine  our  sup- 
plies ;  for  the  rest,  they  are  to  worke  eleuen  moneths  for 
the  store,  and  hath  one  moneth  onely  allowed  them  to 
get  prouision  to  keepe  them  for  twelue,  except  two  bushels 
of  Corne  they  haue  out  of  the  store.  If  those  can  Hue  so, 
why  should  any  feare  staruing ;  and  it  were  much  better 
to  denie  them  passage  that  would  not,  ere  they  come,  bee 
content  to  ingage  themselues  to  those  conditions:  for 
onely  from  the  slothfull  and  idle  [115]  drones,  and  none 
else,  hath  sprung  the  manifold  imputations,  Virginia  inno- 
cently hath  vndergone ;  and  therefore  I  would  deter  such 
from  comming  here,  that  cannot  well  brooke  labour, 
except  they  will  vndergoe  much  punishment  and  penurie, 
if  they  escape  the  skuruie  :  but  for  the  industrious,  there 
is  reward  sufficient,  and  if  any  thinke  there  is  nothing  but 
bread,  I  referre  you  to  his  [Smith's]  relations  that  discouered 
the  Countrie  first. 


M,bVui|?£;3  LiB-  4-      Sir  Thomas  Dale. 


5i7 


The  gouemment  left  to  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  vpon 
Sir  Thomas  Gates  returne  for 
England. 

Ir  Thomas  Dale  vnderstanding  there  was  a  plan- 
tation of  Frenchmen  in  the  north  part  of  Vir- 
ginia, about  the  degrees  of  45.  sent  Captaine 
Argall  to  Port  Royall  and  Sancta  Crux;  where 
finding  the  Frenchmen  abroad  dispersed  in  the  Woods,  [he] 
surprized  their  Ship  and  Pinnace,  which  was  but  newly  come 
from  France,  wherein  was  much  good  apparel  and  other 
prouision,  which  he  brought  to  lames  towne :  but  the  men 
escaped,  and  liued  among  the  Saluages  of  those  Countries. 

It  pleased  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  before  my  returne  to  Eng- 
land, because  I  would  be  able  to  speake  somewhat  of  my 
owne  knowledge,  to  giue  mee  leaue  to  visit  Powhatan  and 
his  Court :  being  prouided,  I  had  Thomas  Saluage  with 
mee,  for  my  Interpreter ;  with  him  and  two  Saluages  for 
guides,  I  went  from  the  Bermuda  [£.510]  in  the  morning,  and 
came  to  Matchot  the  next  night,  where  the  King  lay  vpon 
the  Riuer  of  Pamavnke.  His  entertainment  was  strange  to 
me,  the  boy  he  knew  well,  and  told  him  ;  My  child,  I  gaue 
you  leaue  [pp.  cii-ciii,  27, 31,  37, 102],  being  my  boy,  to  goe 
see  your  friends,  and  these  foure  yeeres  [1610-1614]  I  haue 
not  seene  you,  nor  heard  of  my  owne  man  Namoutack  I 
sent  to  England  [pp.  31,  102,  124 ;  he  had  been  murdered 
by  another  Indian  at  the  Bermuda  Islands  in  1610,  see  p.  638], 
though  many  ships  since  haue  beene  returned  thence. 

Hauing  done  with  him,  hee  began  with  mee,  and 
demanded  for  the  chaine  of  pearle  he  sent  his  brother  Sir 
Thomas  Dale  at  his  first  arriuall,  which  was  a  token  betwixt 
them,  when  euer  hee  should  send  a  messenger  from  him- 
selfe  to  him,  he  should  weare  that  chaine  about  his  necke, 
since  the  peace  was  concluded,  otherwaies  he  was  to 
binde  him  and  send  him  home. 

It  is  true  Sir  Thomas  Dale  had  sent  him  such  word, 
and  gaue  his  Page  order  to  giue  it  me,  but  he  forgot 
it,  and  till  this  present  I  neuer  heard  of  it,  yet  I  replyed 

I  did  know  there  was  such  an  order,  but  that  was 
when  vpon  a  sudden  he  should  haue  occasion  to  send 


[1614] 


Captaine 
A  rgals 
voyage  to 
Port 
RoyalL 


1614. 

Sir  Thomax 

Smith 

Treasurer. 


Master 
Hamars 
Journey  to 
Powhatan. 


5 1 8  William  Parkers  recouerie       Lib.  4.  [R- 


Hamor. 
1615- 


[1614]  an  Englishman  without  an  Indian  Guide ;  but  if  his 

owne  people  should  conduct  his  messenger,  as  two  of 

his  did  me  who  knew  my  message,  it  was  sufficient ; 

with  which  answer  he  was  contented,  and  so  conducted  vs 

to  his  house,  where  was  a  guard  of  two  hundred  Bow-men 

that  alwaies  attend  his  person. 

The  first  thing  he  did,  he  offered  me  a  pipe  of  Tobacco, 
then  asked  mee  how  his  brother  Sir  Thomas  Dale  did, 
and  his  daughter,  and  vnknowne  sonne,  and  how  they 
liued,  loued  and  liked  ;  I  told  him  his  brother  was  well,  and 
his  daughter  so  contented,  she  would  not  Hue  againe  with 
him ;  whereat  he  laughed,  and  demanded  the  cause  of  my 
comming :  I  told  him  my  message  was  priuate,  and  I  was 
to  deliuer  it  onely  to  himselfe  and  Papaschicher,  one  of  my 
*  guides  that  was  acquainted  with  it ;  instantly  he  com- 
manded all  out  of  the  house,  but  onely  his  two  Queenes, 
that  alwaies  sit  by  him,  and  bade  me  speake  on. 
misa  e  to  *  to^  ^im,  Dy  my  Interpreter,  Sir  Thomas  Dale  hath 

Powhatan  sent  you  two  pieces  of  Copper,  hue  strings  of  white 

and   blue   Beads,  fiue   woodden    Combes,  ten   Fish- 
hookes,  a  paire  of  Kniues,  and  that  when  you  would 
send  for  it,  hee  would  giue  you  a  Grind-stone ;  all  this 
pleased  him  :  but  then  I  told  him  his  brother  Dale, 
hearing  of  the  fame  of  his  youngest  daughter,  desiring 
in  any  case  he  would  send  her  by  me  vnto  him,  in 
testimonie  of  his  loue,  as  well  for  that  he  intended  to 
marry  her,  as  the  desire  her  sister  had  to  see  her, 
because  being  now  one  people,  and  hee  desirous  for 
euer  to   dwell  in  his  Countrie,  he  conceiued  there 
could  not  be  a  truer  assurance  of  peace  and  friendship, 
than  in  such  a  naturall  band  of  an  vnited  vnion.  [116] 
I  needed  not  entreat  his  answer  by  his  oft  interrupting 
mee  in  my  speech,  and  presently  with  much  grauitie  he 
thus  replyed. 
Powhatan*  \  gladly  accept  your  salute  of  loue  and  peace,  which 

while  I  Hue,  I  shall  exactly  keepe ;  his  pledges  thereof 
I  receiue  with  no  lesse  thanks,  although  they  are  not 
so  ample  as  formerly  he  had  receiued:  but  for  my 
daughter,  I  haue  sold  her  within  this  few  daies  to  a 
great  Werowance,  for  two  bushels  of  Rawrenoke,  three 
daies  iournie  from  me. 


I 


Ed  byjuiyn?624.]  Lib.  4.  from  among  the  Saluages.  519 

I  replyed,  I  knew  his  greatnesse  in  restoring  the      [1614] 
Rawrenoke,  might    call    her    againe   to   gratifie   his 
brother,  and  the  rather,  because  she  was  but  twelue 
yeeres  old,  assuring  him,  besides  the  band  of  peace, 
hee  should  haue  for  her,  three  times  the  worth  of  the 
Rawrenoke,  in  Beads,  Copper,  Hatchets,  &c. 
His  answer  was,  he  loued  his  daughter  as  his  life,  and 
though  hee  had  many  children,  hee  delighted  in  none  so 
much  as  shee,  whom  if  he  should  not  often  behold,  he 
could  not  possibly  Hue,  which  she  liuing  with  vs  he  could 
not  do,  hauing  resolued  vpon  no  termes  to  put  himselfe 
into  our  hands,  or  come  amongst  vs;    therefore   desired 
me  to  vrge  him  no  further,  but  returne  his  brother  this 
answer:  That  I  desire  no  former  assurance  of  his  friendship 
than  the  promise  hee  hath  made,  from  me  he  hath  a 
pledge,  one  of  my  daughters,  which  so  long  as  she  Hues 
shall   be   sufficient,   when   she   dies,   he    shall   haue 
another:  I  hold  it  not  a  brotherly  part  to  desire  to 
bereaue  me  of  my  two  children  at  once.     Farther,  tell 
him  though  hehad  no  pledge  at  all,  hee  need  not  distrust 
any  iniurie  from  me  or  my  people ;  there  haue  beene 
too  many  of  his  men  and  mine  slaine,  and  by  my  occa- 
sion there  shall  neuer  be  more,  (I  which  haue  power  to 
performe  it,  haue  said  it)  although  I  should  haue  iust 
cause,  for  I  am  now  old,  and  would  gladly  end  my  daies 
in  peace ;  if  you  offer  me  iniurie,  my  countrie  is  large 
enough  to  goe  from  you  :  Thus  much  I  hope  will  satisfie 
my  brother.     Now  because  you   are  wearie,  and   I 
sleepie,  wee  will  thus  end. 
So  commanding  vs  victuall  and  lodging,  we  rested  that 
night,  and  the  next  morning  he  came  to  visit  vs,  and  kindly 
conducted  vs  to  the  best  cheere  hee  had. 


William  Parker. 

Hile    I    here    remained,    by  chance    came    an  wunam 
Englishman,  whom  there  had  beene  surprized  Scoured 
three  yeeres  agoe  [1611]  at  Fort  Henry,  grown e 
so  like,  both  in  complexion  and  habit  like  a  Sal- 
uage,  I  knew  him  not,  but  by  his  tongue  :  hee  desired  mee 
to  procure  his  libertie,  which  I  intended,  and  so  farre  vrged 


5  20  [Extracts  from  letters  from    Virginia,  *jf S3E 

1615. 

[1614]      Powhatan,  that  he  grew  discontented,  and  told  mee,  You 

haue  one  of  my   daughters,  and  I  am  content :  but 

you  cannot  see  one  of  your  men  with  mee,  but  you 

must  haue  him  away,  or  breake  friendship  ;  if  you 

must  needs  haue  him,  you  shall  goe  home  without 

guides,  and  if  any  euill  befall  you,  thanke  your  selues. 

I  told  him  I  would,  but  if  I  returned  not  well,  hee 

must  expect  a  reuenge ;  and  his  brother  might  haue 

iust  cause  to  suspect  him. 

So  in  passion  he  left  me  till  supper,  and  then  gaue  me 

such  as  hee  had  with  a  cheerefull  countenance: 

About  midnight  he  awaked  vs,  and  promised  in  the 
morning  my  returne  with  Parker ;  but  I  must  remember 
his  brother  to  send  him  ten  great  pieces  of  Copper,  a 
Shauing-knife,  a  Frowe,  a  Grind-stone,  a  Net,  Fish-hookes, 
and  such  toies ;  which  lest  I  should  forget,  he  caused  me 
[to]  write  in  a  table-booke  he  had;  how  euer  he  got  it,  it  was 
a  faire  one,  I  desired  hee  would  giue  it  me ;  he  told  me,  no, 
it  did  him  much  good  in  shewing  to  strangers,  yet  in  the 
morning  when  we  departed,  hauing  furnished  vs  well  with 
prouision,  he  gaue  each  of  vs  a  Bucks  skin  as  well  dressed 
as  could  be,  and  sent  two  more  to  his  sonne  and  daughter  : 
And  so  we  returned  to  lames  towne. 

Written  by  Master  Ralph  Hamor  and  Iohn  Rolph. 

Haue  read  the  substance  of  this  relation,  in  a 
Letter  written  by  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  another  by 
Master  W  hitakcr  y&nd  a  third  by  M  aster  Iohn  Rolfe ; 
how  carefull  they  were  to  instruct  her  in  Chris- 
tianity, and  how  capable  and  desirous  shee  was  thereof, 
after  she  hadbeene  some  time  thus  tutored,  shee  neuerhad 
desire  to  goe  to  her  father,  nor  could  well  endure  the  society 
of  her  owne  nation  :  the  true  affection  she  constantly  bare  her 
husband  was  much,  and  the  strange  apparitions  and  violent 
passions  he  endured  for  her  loue,  as  he  deeply  protested, 
was  wonderful  [117],  and  she  openly  renounced  her  countries 
idolatry,  confessed  the  faith  of  Christ,  and  was  baptized. 

But  either  the  coldnesse  of  the  aduenturers,  or  the  bad 
vsage  of  that  was  collected,  or  both,  caused  this  worthy 
Knight  [Sir  Thomas  Dale]  to  write  thus. 


Ed"  byiuiys^4.'    Extracts  from  letters  from  Virginia.']  521 

Oh  why  should  so   many  Princes  and  Noblemen      [1614] 
ingage  themselues,  and  thereby  intermedling  herein, 
haue  caused  a  number  of  soules  transport  themselues, 
and  be  transported  hither  ?     Why  should  they,  I  say, 
relinquish  this  so  glorious  an  action  :  for  if  their  ends 
be  to  build  God  a  Church,  they  ought  to  perseuere  ; 
if  otherwise,  yet  their  honour  ingageth  them  to  be 
constant ;  howsoeuer  they  stand  affected,  here  is  enough 
to  content  them.     These  are  the  things  [which]  haue 
animated  me  to  stay  a  little  season  from  them,  I  am 
bound   in   conscience   to   returne   vnto ;    leauing  all 
contenting  pleasures  and  mundall  delights,  to  reside 
here  with  much   turmoile,  which  I  will   rather  doe 
than  see  Gods  glory  diminished,  my  King  and  Country 
dishonoured,  and  these  poore  soules  I  haue  in  charge 
reuiued,   which   would   quickly   happen   if   I    should 
leaue  them ;  so  few  I  haue  with  me  fit  to  command 
or  manage  the  businesse : 
Master  Whitaker  their  Preacher  complaineth,  and  much 
museth,  that  so  few  of  our  English  Ministers,  that 
were  so  hot  against   the  surplice   and   subscription 
come  hether,  where  neither  is  spoken  of.     Doe  they 
not  wilfully  hide  their  talents,  or  keepe  themselues  at 
home,  for  feare  of  losing  a  few  pleasures ;  be  there 
not  any  among  them  of  Moses  his  minde,  and  of  the 
Apostles,  that    forsooke    all  to  follow  Christ,  but   I 
refer  them  to  the  Iudge  of  all  hearts,  and  to  the  King 
that  shall  reward  euery  one  according  to  his  talent. 

From  Virginia,  Iune  18.  16 14. 

The  businesse  being  brought  to  this  perfection,  Cap- 
taine  Argall  returned  for  England,  in  the  latter  end  of 
Iune,  1614.  ariuing  in  England,  and  bringing  this  good 
tidings  to  the  Councell  and  company  by  the  assistances  of 
Sir  Thomas  Gates,  that  also  had  returned  from  Virginia  but 
the  March  before  [1614];  it  was  presently  concluded,  that  to 
supply  this  good  successe  with  all  expedition,  the  standing 
Lottery  should  be  drawne  with  all  diligent  conueniency, 
and  that  posterity  may  remember  vpon  occasion  to  vse 
the  like  according  to  the  declaration,  I  thinke  it  not 
amisse  to  remember  thus  much. 


The   Contents  of  the   declaration 

of  the   Lottery  published  by  the 
Counsel/. 

T  is  apparent  to  the  world,  by  how  many 
former  Proclamations, we  manifested  our 
intents,  to  haue  drawn  out  the  great 
standing  Lottery  long  before  this,  which 
not  falling  out  as  we  desired,  and  others 
expected  whose  monies  are  aduentured 
therein,  we  thought  good  therefore  for 
the  auoiding  all  vniust  and  sinister  con- 
structions, to  resolue  the  doubts  of  all  indifferent  minded, 
in  three  speciall  points  for  their  better  satisfaction. 

But  ere  I  goe  any  farther,  let  vs  remember  there  was  a 
running  Lottery  vsed  a  long  time  in  Saint  Pauls  Church- 
yard, where  this  stood,  that  brought  into  the  Treasury 
good  summes  of  mony  dayly,  though  the  Lot  was  but  small. 
Now  for  the  points,  the  first  is,  for  as  much  as  the 
Aduenturers  came  in  so  slackly  for  the  yeere  past,  without 
preiudice  to  the  generality  ;  in  losing  the  blankes  and 
prises,  we  were  forced  to  petition  to  the  honourable  Lords, 
who  out  of  their  noble  care  to  further  this  Plantation, 
haue  recommended  their  Letsenters  to  the  Countries, 
Cities,  and  good  townes  in  England,  which  we  hope  by 
[adjding  in  their  voluntary  Aduenturers,  will  sufficiently 
supply  vs. 

The  second  for  satisfaction  to  all  honest  well  affected 
minds,  is,  that  though  this  expectation  answer  not  our 
hopes,  yet  wee  haue  not  failed  in  our  Christian  care,  the 


**A?353  Lib.  4.  Z^  Zotory.  523 

good  of  that  Colony,  to  whom  we  haue  lately  sent  two      [1616] 
sundry  supplies,   and  were  they  but  now  supplied  with 
more  hands,  wee  should  soone  resolue  the  diuision  of  the 
Country  by  Lot,  and  so  lessen  the  generall  charge. 

The  third  is  our  constant  resolution,  that  seeing  our 
credits  are  so  farre  ingaged  [118]  to  the  honourable  Lords 
and  the  whole  State,  for  the  drawing  this  great  Lottery,  (A  cxxv.j 
which  we  intend  shall  be  without  delay,  the  26.  of  Iune 
next  [1616],  desiring  all  such  as  haue  vndertaken  with  bookes 
to  solicit  their  friends,  that  they  will  not  with-hold  their 
monies  till  the  last  moneth  be  expired,  lest  we  be  vn- 
willingly  forced  to  proportion  a  lesse  value  and  number 
of  our  Blankes  and  Prises  which  hereafter  followeth. 


Welcomes. 

Crownes. 

O  him  that  first  shall  be  drawne  out  with 

a  blanke,  100 

To  the  second,  50 

To  the  third,  25 

To  him  that  euery  day  during  the  drawing  of  this 

Lottery,  shall  bee  first  drawne  out  with  a  blanke,  10 

Prizes.  Crownes. 

1  Great  Prize  of  4500 

2  Great  Prizes,  each  of  2000 
4  Great  Prizes,  each  of  1000 
6  Great  Prizes,  each  of  500 

10  Prizes,  each  of  300 

20  Prizes,  each  of  200 

100  Prizes,  each  of  100 

200  Prizes,  each  of  50 

400  Prizes,  each  of  20 

1000  Prizes,  each  of  10 

1000  Prizes,  each  of  8 

1000  Prizes,  each  of  6 

4000  Prizes,  each  of  4 

1000  Prizes,  each  of  3 

1000  Prizes,  each  of  2 


524  The  Lottery.  Lib.  4.  [EdbVulys^h4: 


Rewards. 

Crownes. 
*§0  him  that  shall  be  last  drawne  out  with 
a  blanke,  25 

To  him  that  putteth  in  the  greatest  Lot, 
vnder  one  name,  400 

To  him  that  putteth  in  the  second  greatest  number,  300 
To  him  that  putteth  in  the  third  greatest  number,  200 
To  him  that  putteth  in  the  fourth  greatest  number,  100 
If  diuers  be  of  equall  number,  their  rewards  are  to  be 
diuided  proportionally. 

Addition  of  new  Rewards. 

Crownes. 
He  blanke  that  shall  bee  drawne  out  next 
before  the  great  Prize  shall  haue  25 

The  blanke  that  shall  be  drawne  out  next 
after  the  said  great  Prize  25 

The  blancks  that  shall  be  drawne  out  immediatly 
before  the  two  next  great  Prizes,  shall  haue  each  of 
them  20 

The  seuerall  blankes  next  after  them,  each  shall 
haue  20 

The  seuerall  blankes  next  before  the  foure  great 
Prizes  [of  1000  crowns  each],  each  shall  haue  15 

The  seuerall  blankes  next  after  them,  each  shall 
haue  15 

The  seuerall  blankes  next  before  the  six  great  Prizes 
[of  500  crowns  each],  each  shall  haue  10 

The  seuerall  blankes  next  after  them,  each  shall 
haue  10  [119 

The  prizes,  welcomes,  and  rewards,  shall  be  payed  in 
ready  Mony,  Plate,  or  other  goods  reasonably  rated ;  if 
any  dislike  of  the  plate  or  goods,  he  shall  haue  mony, 
abating  only  the  tenth  part,  except  in  small  prizes  of  ten 
Crownes  or  vnder. 

The  mony  for  the  Aduenturers  is  to  be  paied  to  Sir 
Thomas   Smith,    Knight,   and   Treasurer   for    Virginia,  or 


Bd-byjuiyT625:    Arrival  of  a  Spanish  skip  in  Virginia.']  525 


! 


such  Officers  as  he  shall  apoint  in  City  or  Country,  vnder      [1616] 
the  common  seale  of  the  company  for  the  receit  thereof. 

All  prizes,  welcomes  and  rewards   drawne  where  euer 
they  dwell,  shall  of  the  Treasurer  haue  present  pay,  and 
whosoeuer  vnder  one  name  or  poesie  payeth  three  pound  in 
eady  money,  shall  receiue  six  shillings  and  eight  pence, 
or  a  siluer  spoone  of  that  value  at  his  choice. 


About  this  time  it  chanced  a  Spanish  ship,  beat  too  and  fh^-n1!;h 
againe  before  point  Comfort,  and  at  last  sent  a  shore  their  Virginia. 
boat,  as  desirous  of  a  Pilot.  Captaine  lames  Dauis  the 
gouernor,  immediatly  gaue  them  one :  but  he  was  no 
sooner  in  the  boat,  but  a  way  they  went  with  him,  leauing 
three  of  their  companions  behind  them ;  this  sudden 
accident  occasioned  some  distrust,  and  a  strict  examina- 
tion of  those  three  thus  left,  yet  with  as  good  vsage  as 
our  estate  could  afford  them.  They  only  confessed,  hauing 
lost  their  Admirall,  accident  had  forced  them  into  those 
parts;  and  two  of  them  were  Captaines,  and  in  chiefe 
authority  in  the  fleet :  thus  they  liued  till  one  of  them  was 
found  to  be  an  Englishman,  and  had  been  the  Spaniards 
Pilot  for  England  in  [i5]88.  and  hauing  here  induced  some 
male-contents,  to  beleeue  his  proiects,  to  run  away  with  a 
small  barke,  which  was  [who  were]  apprehended,  some  exe- 
cuted, and  he  expecting  but  the  Hangmans  curtesie,  directly 
confessed  that  two  or  three  Spanish  ships  was  at  Sea, 
purposely  to  discouer  the  estate  of  the  Colony :  but  their 
Commission  was  not  to  be  opened  till  they  arriued  in  the 
Bay,  so  that  of  any  thing  more  he  was  vtterly  ignorant. 

One  of  the  Spaniards  at  last  dyed  ;  the  other  was  sent  for 
England,  but  this  reprieued,  till  Sir  Thomas  Dale  hanged 
him  at  Sea  in  his  voyage  homeward :  the  English  Pilot 
they  carried  for  Spaine,  whom  after  a  long  time  imprison- 
ment, with  much  su[i]te  was  returned  for  England. 

Whilstthosethingswere  effecting,  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  hauing  1616. 
setled  to  his  thinking  all  things  in  good  order,  made  choice  s^lfJ/l°max 
of  one  Master  George  Yearly,  to  be  Deputy-Gouernour  in  Treasurer. 
his  absence,  and  so  returned  for  England;  accompanied 
with  Pocahontas  the  Kings  Daughter,  and  Master  Rolfe  her  [/As29,s33.l 
husband :  and  arriued  at  Plimmoth  the  12.  of  June.  1616. 


[1616] 

A  degres- 
sion. 


The  gouernment  left  to 
Captaine  Yearly. 

Ow  a  little  to  commentary  vpon  all  these 
proceedings,  let  me  leaue  but  this  as  a 
caueat  by  the  way ;  if  the  alteration 
of  gouernment  hath  subuerted  great 
Empires,  how  dangerous  is  it  then  in 
the  infancy  of  a  common-weale  ?  The 
multiplicity  of  Gouernors  is  a  great 
damage  to  any  State ;  but  vncertaine 
daily  changes  are  burdensome,  because  their  entertain- 
ments are  chargeable,  and  many  will  make  hay  whilst 
the  sunne  doth  shine,  how  euer  it  shall  faire  with  the 
generality. 

This  deare  bought  Land  with  so  much  bloud  and  cost, 
hath  onely  made  some  few  rich,  and  all  the  rest  losers. 
But  it  was  intended  at  the  first,  the  first  vndertakers 
should  be  first  preferred  and  rewarded,  and  the  first 
aduenturers  satisfied,  and  they  of  all  the  rest  are  the  most 
neglected ;  and  those  that  neuer  aduentured  a  groat, 
neuer  see  the  Country,  nor  euer  did  any  seruice  for  it, 
imploied  in  their  places,  adorned  with  their  deserts,  and 
inriched  with  their  mines  :  and  when  they  are  fed  fat, 
then  in  commeth  others  so  leane  as  they  were,  who 
through  their  omnipotency  doth  as  much.  Thus  what 
one  Officer  doth,  another  vndoth,  only  ayming  at  their 
owne  ends;  thinking  all  the  world  derides  his  dignity,  [who] 
cannot  fill  his  Coffers  being  in  authority  with  any  thing. 
Euery  man  hath  his  minde  free,  but  he  can  neuer  be  a 
true  member  to  that  estate,  that  to  enrich  himselfe  beggers 


Ed'  bYuiySS;:]  Lib.  4.    The  gouernment  left  to  Capt.  Yearly.     527 

[120J  all   the  Countrie.      Which  bad   cou*ise,  there  are      [1616] 

many  yet  in  this  noble  plantation,  whose  true  honour  and 

worth  as  much  scornes  it,  as  the  others  loues  it ;  for  the 

Nobilitie  and  Gentrie,  there  is  scarce  any  of  them  expects 

my  thing  but  the  prosperitie  of  the  action  :  and  there  are 

some  Merchants  and  others,  I  am  confidently  perswaded, 

loe  take  more  care  and  paines,  nay,  and  at  their  continual! 

^reat  charge,  than  they  could  be  hired  to  for  the  loue  of 

loney ;  so  honestly  regarding  the  generall  good  of  this  great 

/orke,  they  would  hold  it  worse  than  sacrilege,  to  wrong  it 

>ut  a  shilling,  or  extort  vpon  the  common  souldier  a  penny. 

But  to  the  purpose,  and  to  follow  the  Historic 
Master  George  Yearly  now  inuested  Deputie  Gouernour  The 
>y  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  applied  himselfe  for  the  most  part  If "capS 
n  planting  Tobacco,  as  the  most  present  commoditie  they  Yearley- 
:ould  deuise  for  a  present  gaine,  so  that  euery  man  be- 
:ooke  himselfe  to  the  best  place  he  could  for  the  purpose : 
low  though  Sir  Thomas  Dale  had  caused  such  an  abun- 
lance  of  corne  to  be  planted,  that  euery  man  had  sufficient, 
fet  the  supplies  were  sent  vs,  came  so  vnfurnished,  as 
quickly  eased  vs  of  our  superfluitie. 

To  relieue  their  necessities,  he  sent  to  the  Chichahamanias 
for  the  tribute  Corne  Sir  Thomas  Dale  and  Captaine  Argall 
lad  conditioned  for  with  them :  But  such  a  bad  answer 
they  returned  him,  that  hee  drew  together  one  hundred  of 
lis  best  shot,  with  whom  he  went  to  Chickahamania  ;  the 
)eople  in  some  places  vsed  him  indifferently,  but  in  most 
)laces  with  much  scorne  and  contempt,  telling  him  he 
was  but  Sir  Thomas  Dales  man,  and  they  had  payed  his 
Master  according  to  condition,  but  to  giue  any  to  him 
they  had  no  such  order,  neither  would  they  obey  him  as 
they  had  done  his  Master;  after  he  had  told  them  his 
authoritie,  and  that  he  had  the  same  power  to  enforce 
:hem  that  Dale  had,  they  dared  him  to  come  on  shore  to 
fight,  presuming  more  of  his  not  daring,  than  their  owne 
valours. 

Yearly  seeing  their  insolencies,  made  no  great  diffi- 
cultie  to  goe  on  shore  at  Ozinies,  and  they  as  little  to 
incounter  him :  but  marching  from  thence  towards 
Mamanahunt,  they  put  themselues  in  the  same  order  they 


528  Thegouernmentof  ^C^.  Yearly.  Lib.  4.  [w*<^l3K£2£ 

[1616]  see  vs,  lead  by  their  Captaine  Kissanacomen,  Gouernour  of 
Ozinies,  and  so  marched  close  along  by  vs,each  as  threatning 
other  who  should  first  begin.  But  that  night  we  quartered 
against  Mamanahunt,  and  they  passed  the  Riuer. 

The  next  day  we  followed  them ;  there  are  few  places 

in    Virginia    had    then    more    plaine    ground    together, 

nor  more  plentie  of  Corne,  which  although  it  was  but 

newly  gathered,  yet  they  had  hid  it  in  the  woods  where 

we  could  not  finde  it :    a   good  time  we    spent   thus  in 

arguing  the  cause,  the  Saluages  without  feare  standing 

in  troupes  amongst  vs,  seeming  as  if  their  countenances 

had  beene  sufficient  to  dafu]nt  vs :  what  other  practises  they 

had  I  know  not ;  but  to  preuent  the  worst,  our  Captaine 

caused  vs  all  to  make  ready,  and  vpon  the  word,  to  let 

flie  among  them,  where  he   appointed :    others   also   he 

commanded  to  seize  on  them  they  could  for  prisoners ;  all 

which  being  done  according  to  our  direction,  the  Captaine 

Twdue       gaue  the  word,  and  wee  presently  discharged,  where  twelue 

Sainef"      lay,  some  dead,  the  rest  for  life  sprawling  on  the  ground, 

goners      twelue  more  we  tooke  prisoners,  two  whereof  were  brothers, 

taken,  and    two  of  their  eight   Elders,  the   one   tooke   by  Sergeant 

concluded.    Boothe,  the  other  by  Robert  a  Polonian. 

Neere  one  hundred  bushels  of  Corne  we  had  for  their 
ransomes,  which  was  promised  the  Souldiers  for  a  reward, 
but  it  was  not  performed  :  now  Opechankanough  had  agreed 
with  our  Captaine  for  the  subiecting  of  those  people,  that 
neither  hee  nor  Powhatan  could  euer  bring  to  their  obedi- 
ence ;  and  that  he  should  make  no  peace  with  them 
without  his  aduice :  in  our  returne  by  Ozinies  with  our 
prisoners  wee  met  Opechankanough,  who  with  much  adoe, 
fained  with  what  paines  hee  had  procured  their  peace,  the 
which  to  requite,  they  called  him  the  King  of  Ozinies, 
and  brought  him  from  all  parts  many  presents  of  Beads, 
Copper,  and  such  trash  as  they  had. 

Here  as  at  many  other  times  wee  were  beholding  to  Cap- 
taine Henry  Spilman  our  Interpreter,  a  Gentleman  [that J  had 
liued  long  time  in  this  Countrie,  and  sometimes  a  prisoner 
among  the  Saluages  [pp.  ci-cxiv,  172,  498,  503,  586,  606] ; 
and  done  much  good  seruice,  though  but  badly  rewarded. 

From  hence  we  ma  relit  towards  lames  towne,  we  had  three 
[121]  Boats  loaded  with  Corne  and  other  luggage;  the  one  of 


Ed-  by/uiyT624.]  Lib.  4.  Concerning  the  Princesse  Pocahontas.  529 

I  them  being  more  willing  to  be  at  lames  towne  with  the  [1616-7] 
newes  than  the  other,  was  ouerset,  and  eleuen  men  cast  ^"|^en 
away  with  the  Boat,  Corne  and  all  their  prouision.  Not- 
withstanding this  put  all  the  rest  of  the  Saluages  in  that 
feare,  especially  in  regard  of  the  great  league  we  had  with 
Opechankanough,  that  we  followed  our  labours  quietly,  and 
in  such  securitie  that  diuers  saluages  of  other  Nations, 

I  daily  frequented  vs  with  what  prouisions  they  could  get, 
and  would  guide  our  men  on  hunting,  and  oft  hunt  for  vs 
themselues.     Captaine   Yearly  had  a  Saluage  or  two  so  a  bad 
well  trained  vp  to  their  peeces,  they  were  as  expert  as  any  £S«,«J2]. 
of  the  English,  and  one  hee  kept  purposely  to  kill  him 
fowle.     There  were  diuers   others  had  Saluages  in  like 
manner  for  their  men. 
Thus  we  liued  together,  as  if  wee  had  beene  one  people, 
all  the  time  Captaine  Yearley   staied  with  us,  but  such 
grudges  and  discontents  daily  increased  among  our  selues, 
that  vpon   the   arriuall  of  Captaine  Argall,  sent  by  the 
Councell  and  Companie  to  bee  our  Gouernour,  Captaine 
Yearley  returned  for  England  in  the  yeere  1617. 

From  the  writings  of  Captaine  Nathaniel  Powell, 
William  Cantrill,  Sergeant  Boothe,  Edward 
Gurganey. 


instructions 


During  this  time,  the  Lady  Rebecca,  alias  Pocahontas,  Pocahontas 
daughter  to  Powhatan,  by  the  diligent  care  of  Master  I  dim 
Rolfe  her  husband  and  his  friends,  [w]as  taught  to  speake 
such  English  as  might  well  bee  vnderstood,  well  instructed 
in  Christianitie,  and  was  become  very  formall  and  ciuill 
after  our  English  manner;  shee  had  also  by  him  a  childe 
which  she  loued  most  dearely,  and  the  Treasurer  and 
Company  tooke  order  both  for  the  maintenance  of  her  and 
it,  besides  there  were  diuers  persons  of  great  ranke  and 
qualitie  had  beene  very  kinde  to  her ;  and  before  she 
arriued  at  London,  Captaine  Smith  to  deserue  her  former 
courtesies,  made  her  qualities  knowne  to  the  Queenes 
most  excellent  Maiestie  and  her  Court,  and  writ  a  little 
booke  to  this  effect  to  the  Queene :  An  abstract  whereof 
followeth. 

34 


To  the  most  high  and  vertuous 

Princesse,  Queene  Anne  of 
Great  Brittanie. 


Most  admired  Queene, 

[1616]  t^ggC^^Sf7He  loue  I  beare  my  God,  my  King  and 
1  Countrie,  hath  so  oft  emboldened  mee 
in  the  worst  of  extreme  dangers,  that 
now  honestie  doth  constraine  mee  [toj 
presume  thus  farre  beyond  my  selfe,  to 
present  your  Maiestie  this  short  dis- 
course :  if  ingratitude  be  a  deadly  poyson 
to  all  honest  vertues,  I  must  bee  guiltie 
of  that  crime  if  I  should  omit  any  meanes  to  bee  thankfull. 

So  it  is, 

That  some  ten  yeeres  agoe  [i.e.,  Jan.  1608]  being  in 
Virginia,  and  taken  prisoner  by  the  power  of  Powhatan 
their  chiefe  King,  I  receiued  from  this  great  Saluage 
exceeding  great  courtesie,  especially  from  his  sonne 
Nantaquaus,  the  most  manliest,  comeliest,  boldest 
spirit,  I  euer  saw  in  a  Saluage,  and  his  sister  Pocahontas, 
the  Kings  most  deare  and  wel-beloued  daughter,  being 
but  a  childe  of  twelue  or  thirteene  yeeres  of  age 
[therefore  Smith,in  June  161 6, estimated  Pocahontas  to  have 
been  born  in  1595,  or  1596;  and  consequently,  in  1616,  to 
be  21  or  zoyears  old :  but  in  June  1608,  he  looked  upon  her 
as  a  child  of  10  years  of  age  (p.  38),  or  born  in  1598;  which 
would  make  her  only  18  in  16 16.  But  that  she  was  the 
older  of  these  two  estimates ,  is  evident  from  the  inscription 


A  relation 
to  Queene 
Anne,  of 

Pocahontas. 


jinfTe'SG    Lib.  4.      Concerning  the  Princesse  Pocahontas.     531 

on  her  picture;  which  is  further  confirmed  by  the  text  [1616] 
at  p.  169],  whose  compassionate  pitifull  heart,  of  my 
desperate  estate,  gaue  me  much  cause  to  respect  her  :  \j>.  cxxxvi.] 
I  being  the  first  Christian  this  proud  King  and  his 
grim  attendants  euer  saw:  and  thus  inthralled  in 
their  barbarous  power,  I  cannot  say  I  felt  the  least 
occasion  of  want  that  was  in  the  power  of  those  my 
mortall  foes  to  preuent,  notwithstanding  al  their 
threats.  After  some  six  weeks  [or  rather  about  three 
weeks,  Smith  was  altogether  away  from  James  town,  from 
10  Dec.  1607  to  8  Jan.  1608,  i.e.,  four  complete  weeks 
and  portions  of  two  others :  see  pp.  lxxxv-vi]  fatting 
amongst  those  Saluage  Courtiers,  at  the  minute  of 
my  execution,  she  hazarded  the  beating  out  of  her 
owne  braines  to  saue  mine ;  and  not  onely  that,  but 
so  preuailed  with  her  father,  that  I  was  safely  con- 
ducted to  lames  towne  :  where  I  found  about  eight 
and  thirtie  miserable  poore  and  sicke  creatures,  to 
keepe  possession  of  all  those  large  territories  of  Vir- 
ginia ;  such  was  the  weaknesse  of  this  poore  Common- 
wealth, as  had  the  Saluages  not  fed  vs,  we  directly 
had  starued.  And  this  reliefe,  most  gracious 
Queene,  was  commonly  brought  vs  by  this  [122] 
Lady  Pocahontas. 

Notwithstanding  all  these  passages,  when  inconstant 
Fortune  turned  our  peace  to  warre,  this  tender  Virgin 
would  still  not  spare  to  dare  to  visit  vs,  and  by  her 
our  iarres  haue  beene  oft  appeased,  and  our  wants 
still  supplyed ;  were  it  the  policie  of  her  father  thus 
to  imploy  her,  or  the  ordinance  of  God  thus  to  make 
her  his  instrument,  or  her  extraordinarie  affection  to 
our  Nation,  I  know  not:  but  of  this  I  am  sure; 
when  her  father  with  the  vtmost  of  his  policie  and 
power,  sought  to  surprize  mee  [at  Werowocomoco,  about 
15  Jan.  1609,  see  pp.  138,  455],  hauing  but  eighteene 
with  mee,  the  darke  night  could  not  affright  her  from 
comming  through  the  irkesome  woods,  and  with 
watered  eies  gaue  me  intelligence,  with  her  best 
aduice  to  escape  his  furie ;  which  had  hee  knowne, 
hee  had  surely  slaine  her. 

lames   towne  with   her  wild  traine    she  as  freely 


532     Concerning  the  Princesse  Pocahontas.      Lib.  4.  \j^ 


Smith, 
une  1616. 


[1616]  frequented,  as  her  fathers  habitation ;  and  during  the 

time  of  two  or  three  yeeres  [1608-9],  sne  next  vnder 
God,  was  still  the  instrument  to  preserue  this  Colonie 
from  death,  famine  and  vtter  confusion ;  which  if  in 
those  times,  [it]  had  once  beene  dissolued,  Virginia 
might  haue  line  [lain]  as  it  was  at  our  first  arriuall  to 
this  day. 

Since  then,  this  businesse  hauing  beene  turned  and 
varied  by  many  accidents  from  that  I  left  it  at  [on 
4  Oct.  1609,  see  p.  497]:  it  is  most  certaine,  after  a  long 
and  troublesome  warre  after  my  departure,  betwixt 
her  father  and  our  Colonie ;  all  which  time  shee  was 
not  heard  of. 

[/.  5"l  About  two  yeeres  after  [April  1613]  shee  her  selfe 

was  taken  prisoner,  being  so  detained  neere  two 
yeeres  longer,  the  Colonie  by  that  meanes  was 
relieued,  peace  concluded ;  and  at  last  reiecting  her 

[/  Sx4.]  barbarous  condition,  [she]  was  maried  [1  April  1614]  to 

an  English  Gentleman,  with  whom  at  this  present  she 
is  in  England ;  the  first  Christian  euer  of  that  Nation, 
the  first  Virginian  euer  spake  English,  or  had  a  childe 
in  mariage  by  an  Englishman :  a  matter  surely,  if  my 
meaning  bee  truly  considered  and  well  vnderstood, 
worthy  a  Princes  vnderstanding. 

Thus,  most  gracious  Lady,  I  haue  related  to  your 
Maiestie,  what  at  your  best  leasure  our  approued  Histories 
will  account  you  at  large,  and  done  in  the  time  of  your 
Maiesties  life ;  and  howeuer  this  might  bee  presented  you 
from  a  more  worthy  pen,  it  cannot  from  a  more  honest 
heart,  as  yet  I  neuer  begged  any  thing  of  the  state,  or  any : 
and  it  is  my  want  of  abilitie  and  her  exceeding  desert ; 
your  birth,  meanes  and  authoritie  ;  hir  birth,  vertue,  want 
and  simplicitie,  doth  make  mee  thus  bold,  humbly  to 
beseech  your  Maiestie  to  take  this  knowledge  of  her, 
though  it  be  from  one  so  vnworthy  to  be  the  reporter,  as 
my  selfe,  her  husbands  estate  not  being  able  to  make  her 
fit  to  attend  your  Maiestie.  The  most  and  least  I  can  doe, 
is  to  tell  you  this,  because  none  so  oft  hath  tried  it  as  my 
selfe,  and  the  rather  being  of  so  great  a  spirit,  how  euer 
her  stature  [Pocahontas  was  therefore  not  a  tall  woman] :  if 


junfTele.]  Lib.  4.    Concerning  the  Princesse  Pocahontas.      533 

she  should  not  be  well  receiued,  seeing  this  Kingdome  may  [1616] 
rightly  haue  a  Kingdome  by  her  meanes ;  her  present  loue 
to  vs  and  Christianitie  might  turne  to  such  scorne  and 
furie,  as  to  diuert  all  this  good  to  the  worst  of  euill : 
where[as]  rinding  so  great  a  Queene  should  doe  her  some 
honour  more  than  she  can  imagine,  for  being  so  kinde  to 
your  seruants  an  subiects,  would  so  rauish  her  v/ith 
content,  as  endeare  her  dearest  bloud  to  effect  that,  your 
Maiestie  and  all  the  Kings  honest  subiects  most  earnestly 
desire. 

And  so  I  humbly  kisse  your  gracious  hands. 


Being  about  this  time  preparing  to  set  saile  for  New-   Pocahontas 
England,  I  could  not  stay  to  doe  her  that  seruice  I  desired,   £»S° 
and  she  well  deserued  ;  but  hearing  shee  was  at  Branford  Sptaine 
with   diuers  of  my  friends,   I  went  to  see  her.     After  a  Smith> 
modest  salutation,  without  any  word,  she  turned  about, 
obscured  her  face,  as  not  seeming  well  contented  ;  and  in 
that  humour  her  husband,  with  diuers  others,  we  all  left 
her  two  or  three  houres,  repenting  my  selfe  to  haue  writ 
she  could  speake  English.     But  not  long  after,  she  began 
to  talke,  and  remembred  mee  well  what  courtesies  shee 
had  done  :  saying, 

You  did  promise  Powhatan  what  was  yours  should 

bee  his,  and  he  the  like  to  you ;  you  called  him  father 

being  in  his  land  a  stranger,  and  by  the  same  reason 

so  must  I  doe  you  : 

which  though  I  would  haue  excused,  -I  durst  not  allow 

of  that  title,  because  she  was  a  Kings  daughter ;  with  a 

well  set  countenance  she  said, 

Were  you  not  afraid  to  come  into  my  fathers 
Countrie,  and  caused  feare  in  him  and  all  his  people 
(but  mee),  and  feare  you  here  I  should  call  you  father; 
I  [123]  tell  you  then  I  will,  and  you  shall  call  mee 
childe,  and  so  I  will  bee  for  euer  and  euer  your 
Countrieman.  They  did  tell  vs  alwaies  you  were 
dead,  and  I  knew  no  other  till  I  came  to  Plimoth 
[on  12  June  1616,  p.  525];  yet  Powhatan  did  command  ™J%"^' 
Vttamatomakktn  to  seeke  you,  and  know  the  truth,  ualtionsoT" 
because  your  Countriemen  will  lie  much.  havsage. 


534       Concerning  the  Princess  Pocahontas.     Lib  4.  [j 


J    Smith, 
line  1616. 


[1616-7]  This  Saluage,  one  of  Powhatans  Councell,  being  amongst 
them  held  an  vnderstanding  fellow ;  the  King  purposely 
sent  him,  as  they  say,  to  number  the  people  here,  and 
informe  him  well  what  wee  were  and  our  state.  Arriuing 
at  Plimoth,  according  to  his  directions,  he  got  a  long  sticke, 
whereon  by  notches  hee  did  thinke  to  haue  kept  the  num- 
ber of  all  the  men  hee  could  see,  but  he  was  quickly  wearie 
of  that  taske. 

Comming  to  London,  where  by  chance  I  met  him,  hauing 
renewed  our  acquaintance,  where  many  were  desirous  to 
heare  and  see  his  behauiour,  hee  told  me 

Powhatan  did  bid  him  to  finde  me  out,  to  shew  him 

our  God,  the  King,  Queene,  and  Prince,  I  so  much 

had  told  them  of. 

Concerning  God,  I  told  him  the  best  I  could,  the  King 

I  heard  he  had  seene,  and  the  rest  hee  should  see  when 

he  would ;  he  denied  euer  to  haue  seene  the  King,  till  by 

circumstances  he  was  satisfied  he  had  :  Then  he  replyed 

very  sadly, 

You  gaue  Powhatan  a  white  Dog,  which  Powhatan 
fed  as  himselfe ;  but  your  King  gaue  me  nothing,  and 
I  am  better  than  your  white  Dog. 


Pocahontas 

her  enter- 
tainment 
with  the 
Queene. 


The  small  time  I  staid  in  London,  diuers  Courtiers  and 
others,  my  acquaintances,  hath  gone  with  mee  to  see  her, 
that  generally  concluded,  they  did  thinke  God  had  a  great 
hand  in  her  conuersion,  and  they  haue  seene  many  English 
Ladies  worse  fauoured,  proportioned,  and  behauioured ; 
and  as  since  I  haue  heard,  it  pleased  both  the  King  and 
Queenes  Maiestie  honourably  to  esteeme  her,  accom- 
panied with  that  honourable  Lady  the  Lady  De  la  Ware, 
and  that  honourable  Lord  her  husband,  and  diuers  other 
persons  of  good  qualities,  both  publikely  at  the  maskes 
and  otherwise,  to  her  great  satisfaction  and  content,  which 
doubtlesse  she  would  haue  deserued,  had  she  liued  to 
arriue  in  Virginia, 


§8 


The    gouernment    deuolued  to     iei7. 
Captaine  Samuel  Argall,  1617. 

L^||§>f  He  Treasurer,  Councell  and  Companie,       [1617] 
hauing  well  furnished  Captaine  Samuel  |ir  T%°mas 
A  rgall,  the  Lady  Pocahontas  alias  Rebecca,  Treasurer, 
with  her  husband   and   others,  in  the 
good  ship  called  the  George ;  it  pleased 
God  at  Grauesend  to  take  this  young  The  death 
Lady  to  his  mercie,  where  shee  made  f0££t 
not   more  sorrow   for   her  vnexpected 
death,  than  ioy  to  the  beholders  to  heare  and  see   her 
make  so  religious  and  godly  an  end.     Her  little  childe 
Thomas  Rolfe  therefore  was  left  at  Plimoth  with  Sir  Lewis 
Stukly,  that  desired  the  keeping  of  it. 


Captaine  Hamar  his  vice-Admirall  was  gone  before,  but 
hee  found  him  at  Plimoth.  In  March  they  set  saile  1617. 
and  in  May  he  arriued  at  lames  towne,  where  hee  was 
kindly  entertained  by  Captaine  Yearley  and  his  Companie 
in  a  martiall  order,  whose  right  hand  file  was  led  by  an 
Indian.  In  lames  towne  he  found  but  fiue  or  six  houses, 
the  Church  downe,  the  Palizado's  broken,  the  Bridge  in 
pieces,  the  Well  of  fresh  water  spoiled ;  the  Store-house 
they  vsed  for  the  Church ;  the  market-place,  and  streets, 
and  all  other  spare  places  planted  with  Tobacco :  the 
Saluages  as  frequent  in  their  houses  as  themselues, 
whereby  they  were  become  expert  in  our  armes,  and  had 
a  great  many  in  their  custodie  and  possession ;  the  Colonie 
dispersed  all  about,  planting  Tobacco. 


536 


The  gouernment  of 


LIB.    4.    L  J.  Rolfe. 


[1617-8]  Captaine  Argall  not  liking  those  proceedings,  altered 
them  agreeable  to  his  owne  minde,  taking  the  best 
order  he  could  for  repairing  those  defects  which  did 
exceedingly  trouble  vs  ;  we  were  constrained  euery 
yeere  to  build  and  repaire  our  old  Cottages,  which  were 
alwaies  a  decaying  in  all  places  of  the  Countrie :  yea, 
the  very  Courts  of  Guard  built  by  Sir  Thomas  Daley  was 
ready  to  fall,  and  the  Palizado's  not  sufficient  to  keepe  out 
Hogs.  Their  number  of  people  were  about  400.  but  not 
past  200.  fit  for  husbandry  and  tillage  :  we  found  there  in 
all  one  hundred  twentie  eight  cattell,  and  fourescore  and 
eight  Goats,  besides  innumerable  numbers  of  Swine,  and 
good  [124]  plentie  of  Corne  in  some  places,  yet  the  next 
yeere  [1618]  the  Captaine  sent  out  a  Frigat  and  a  Pinnace, 
that  brought  vs  neere  six  hundred  bushels  more,  which  did 
greatly  relieue  the  whole  Colonic  For  from  the  tenants 
wee  seldome  had  aboue  foure  hundred  bushels  of  rent 
Corne  to  the  store,  and  there  was  not  remaining  of  the 
Companies  companie,  past  foure  and  fiftie  men  women 
and  Children. 

This  yeere  hauing  planted  our  fields,  came  a  great 
drought ;  and  such  a  cruell  storme  of  haile,  which  did  such 
spoile  both  to  the  Corne  and  Tobacco,  that  wee  reaped  but 
small  profit :  the  Magazine  that  came  in  the  George,  being 
fiue  moneths  in  her  passage,  proued  very  badly  conditioned; 
but  ere  she  arriued,  we  had  gathered  and  made  vp  our 
Tobacco,  the  best  at  three  shillings  the  pound,  the  rest  at 
eighteene  pence. 

To  supply  vs,  the  Councell  and  Company  with  all  pos- 
sible care  and  diligence,  furnished  a  good  ship  of  some 
two  hundred  and  fiftie  tunne,  with  two  hundred  people 
and  the  Lord  la  Ware.  They  set  saile  in  Aprill  [1618],  and 
tooke  their  course  by  the  westerne  lies,  where  the  Gouer- 
nour  of  the  He  of  Saint  Michael  receiued  the  Lord  la  Ware, 
and  honourably  feasted  him,  with  all  the  content  hee  could 
giue  him. 

Going  from  thence,  they  were  long  troubled  with  con- 
trary winds,  in  which  time  many  of  them  fell  very 
sicke ;  thirtie  died,  one  of  which  number  was  that  most 
honourable  Lord  Gouernour  the  Lord  la  Ware,  whose 
most  noble  and   generous  disposition   is  well  knowne  to 


1000.  [f  600] 

bushels 
of  Corne 
from  the 
Saluages. 


1618. 

Sir  Thomas 

Smith 

Treasurer. 


The  death 
of  the  Lord 
la  Ware. 


EdbyjJuiyST6lS:]  LlB-  4-       Captaine  Samuel  Argall.  537 

his  great  cost,  had  beene  most  forward  in  this  businesse      [1618] 
for  his  Countries  good. 

Yet  this  tender  state  of  Virginia  was  not  growne  to 
that  maturitie,  to  maintaine  such  state  and  pleasure 
as  was  fit  for  such  a  personage,  with  so  braue  and 
great  attendance :  for  some  small  number  of  aduentrous 
Gentlemen  to  make  discoueries,  and  lie  in  Garrison 
ready  vpon  any  occasion  to  keepe  in  feare  the  inconstant 
Saluages,  nothing  were  more  requisite ;  but  to  haue  more 
to  wait  and  play  than  worke,  or  more  commanders  and 
officers  than  industrious  labourers  was  not  so  necessarie. 
For  in  Virginia,  a  plaine  Souldier  that  can  vse  a  Pick-axe 
and  spade,  is  better  than  fiue  Knights,  although  they 
were  Knights  that  could  breake  a  Lance :  for  men  of  great 
place,  not  inured  to  those  incounters,  when  they  finde 
things  not  su  ijtable,  grow  many  times  so  discontented,  they 
forget  themselues,  and  oft  become  so  carelesse,  that  a  dis- 
contented melancholy  brings  them  to  much  sorrow,  and 
to  others  much  miserie. 

At  last  they  stood  in  for  the  coast  of  New-England;  ^EJSIr, 
where  they  met  a  small  Frenchman  [i.e.,  a  ship],  rich  of  ^-e 
Beuers  and   other  Furres.     Though  wee   had   here  but  Engla,td- 
small  knowledge  of  the  coast  nor  countrie  ;  yet  they  tooke 
such    an   abundance   of    Fish   and   Fowle,   and   so   well 
refreshed  themselues  there  with  wood  and  water,  as  by 
the  helpe  of  God  thereby,  hauing  beene  at  Sea  sixteene 
weekes  [April-August  1618],  [they]  got  to  Virginia,  who 
without  this  reliefe  had  beene  in  great  danger  to  perish. 
The  French-men  made  them  such  a  feast,  with  such  an 
abundance  of  varietie  of  Fish,  Fowle  and  Fruits,  as  they 
all  admired,  and  little  expected  that  wild  wildernesse  could 
affoord  such  wonderfull  abundance  of  plentie. 

In  this  ship  came  about  two  hundred  men,  but  very  little 
prouision  :  and  the  ship  called  the  Treasurer  came  in  againe 
not  long  after  with  fortie  passengers. 

The  Lord  la  Wares  ship  lying  in  Virginia  three  moneths 
[Aug. — Nov.  1618],  wee  victualled  her  with  threescore 
bushels  of  Corne,  and  eight  Hogsheads  of  flesh,  besides 
other  victuall  she  spent  whilest  they  tarried  there :  this  ship 
brought  vs  aduice  that  great  multitudes  were  a  preparing  in 
England  to  bee  sent,  and  relied  much  vpon  that  victuall 


538       Gouernement  of  Capt.  Samuel  Argall.    Lib.  4.  [sjAR^e. 


[1618] 


Richard 

Killingbeck 

and  foure 

other 

murdered 

by  the 

Saluages. 


Their 

Church  and 
Store-house. 


Far/ax, 
three 
children 
and  two 
boyes  also 
murdered. 


they  should  finde  here:  whereupon  our  Captaine  [Argall} 
called  a  Councell,  and  writ  to  the  Councell  here  in  England 
the  estate  of  the  Colonie,  and  what  a  great  miserie  would 
insue,  if  they  sent  not  prouision  as  well  as  people  ;  and  what 
they  did  suffer  for  want  of  skilfull  husbandmen,  and  meanes 
to  set  their  Ploughs  on  worke  :  hauing  as  good  ground  as 
any  man  can  desire,  and  about  fortie  Bulls  and  Oxen;  but 
they  wanted  men  to  bring  them  to  labour,  and  Irons  for  the 
Ploughs,  and  harnesse  for  the  Cattell.  Some  thirtie  or  fortie 
acres  wee  had  sowne  with  one  Plough,  but  it  stood  so  long 
on  the  ground  before  it  was  reaped,  it  was  most[ly]  shaken ; 
and  the  rest  spoiled  with  the  [125]  Cattell  and  Rats  in  the 
Barne,  but  no  better  Corne  could  bee  for  the  quantitie. 

Richard  Killingbeck  being  with  the  Captaine  [Argall]  at 
Kekoughtan,  desired  leaue  to  returne  to  his  wife  at  Charles 
hundred,  hee  went  to  lames  towne  by  water,  there  he  got 
foure  more  to  goe  with  him  by  land,  but  it  proued  that  he 
intended  to  goe  trade  with  the  Indies  [Indians]  of  Chicka- 
hamania:  where  making  shewof  the  great  quantitie  of  trucke 
they  had,  which  the  Saluages  perceiuing,  partly  for  their 
trucke,  partly  for  reuenge  of  some  friends  they  pretended 
should  haue  beene  slaine  by  Captaine  Yearley  ;  one  of  them 
with  an  English  peece  shot  Killingbeck  dead,  the  other 
Saluages  assaulted  the  rest  and  slew  them,  stripped  them, 
and  tooke  what  they  had.  But  fearing  this  murther  would 
come  to  light,  and  might  cause  them  to  suffer  for  it,  would 
now  proceed  to  the  perfection  of  villanie  ;  for  presently 
they  robbed  their  Machacomocko  house  of  the  towne,  stole 
all  the  Indian  treasure  thereout,  and  fled  into  the  woods, 
as  other  Indians  related. 

On  Sunday  following,  one  Farfax  that  dwelt  a  mile  from 
the  towne,  going  to  Church,  left  his  wife  and  three  small 
children  safe  at  home,  as  he  thought,  and  a  young  youth  : 
she  supposing  praier  to  be  done,  left  the  children,  and 
went  to  meet  her  husband  ;  presently  after  came  three  or 
foure  of  those  fugitiue  Saluages,  entred  the  house,  and  slew 
a  boy  and  three  children  :  and  also  another  youth  that  stole 
out  of  the  Church  in  praier  time,  meeting  them,  was  like- 
wise murdered. 

Of  this  disaster  the  Captaine  [Argall]  sent  to  Opechan- 


Ed.  by  J.  Smith."] 
July  1624.J 


Lib.  4.     A  relation  from  Master  I.  Rolfe.      539 


kanough  for  satisfaction,  but  he  excused  the  matter,  as 
altogether  ignorant  of  it ;  at  the  same  time  the  Saluages 
that  were  robbed  were  complaining  to  Opechankanough,  and 
much  feared  the  English  would  bee  reuenged  on  them  :  so 
that  Opechankanough  sent  to  Captaine  Argall,  to  assure  him 
the  peace  should  neuer  be  broken  by  him,  desiring  that  he 
would  not  reuenge  the  iniurie  of  those  fugitiues  vpon  the 
innocent  people  of  that  towne;  which  towne  he  should  haue, 
and  sent  him  a  basket  of  earth,  as  possession  giuen  of  it, 
and  promised,  so  soone  as  possibly  they  could  catch  these 
robbers,  to  send  him  their  heads  for  satisfaction,  but  he 
neuer  performed  it. 

Samuel  Argall,  lohn  Rolfe. 


[1618] 


A  relation  from  Master  lohn  Rolfe,  Iune  15, 161 8. 

Oncerning  the  state  of  our  new  Common-wealth, 
it  is  somewhat  bettered,  for  we  haue  sufficient 
to  content  our  selues,  though  not  in  such  abun- 
dance as  is  vainly  reported  in  England. 

Powhatan  died  this  last  Aprill  [1618],  yet  the  Indians 
continue  in  peace.  Itopatin  his  second  brother  succeeds 
him,  and  both  hee  and  Opechankanough  haue  confirmed  our 
former  league. 

On  the  eleuenth  of  May,  about  ten  of  the  clocke  in  the 
night,  happened  a  most  fearefull  tempest,  but  it  continued 
not  past  halfe  an  houre,  which  powred  downe  hailestones 
eight  or  nine  inches  about,  that  none  durst  goe  out  of  their 
doores,  and  though  it  tore  the  barke  and  leaues  of  the 
trees,  yet  wee  finde  not  they  hurt  either  man  or  beast ;  it 
fell  onely  about  lames  towne,  for  but  a  mile  to  the  East, 
and  twentie  to  the  West  there  was  no  haile  at  all. 

Thus  in  peace  euery  man  followed  his  building  and 
planting  without  any  accidents  worthy  of  note. 

Some  priuate  differences  happened  betwixt  Captaine 
Bruster  and  Captaine  Argall,  and  Captaine  Argall  and  the 
Companie  here  in  England ;  but  of  them  I  am  not  fully 
informed,  neither  are  they  here  for  any  vse,  and  therefore 
vnfit  to  be  remembred. 

In  December  [1617]  one  Captaine  Stallings,  an  old  planter 


Po-whatam 
death. 


Haile- 
stones 
eight  inches 
about. 


54Q 


The  gouernment  of 


Lib.  4.  [j. 


Rolfe. 

1618. 


[1617-9]  in  those  parts,  being  imployed  by  them  of  the  West  countrie 
for  a  fishing  voyage  in  New-England,  fell  foule  of  a  French- 
man [i.e.,  ship]  whom  hee  tooke,  leauing  his  ovvne  ship  to 
returne  for  England,  himselfe  with  a  small  companie 
remained  in  the  French  barke,  some  small  time  after  vpon 
the  coast,  and  thence  returned  to  winter  in  Virginia.  L126] 


1619. 


JVaras~ 

koyock 

planted. 


The  gouernment  surrendred  to  Sir  George  Yearley. 

Or  to  begin  with  the  yeere  of  our  Lord,  1619. 

there  arriued  a   little   Pinnace   priuatly  from 

England  about  Easter  [Easier  Sunday  0.  S.  was 

28  Mar.  in  1619]  for  Captained rga//;  who  taking 

order  for  his  affaires,  within  foure  or  flue  daies  returned  in 

her,  and  left  for  his  Deputy,  Captaine  Nathaniel  Powell. 

On  the  eighteenth  of  Aprill,  which  was  but  ten  or  twelue 
daies  after,  arriued  Sir  George  Yearley,  by  whom  we  vnder- 
stood  Sir  Edwin  Sand[y]s  was  chosen  Treasurer,  and  Master 
Iohn  Farrar  his  Deputy ;  and  what  great  supplies  was  a 
preparing  to  be  sent  vs,  which  did  rauish  vs  so  much  with 
ioy  and  content,  we  thought  our  selues  now  fully  satisfied 
for  our  long  toile  and  labours,  and  as  happy  men  as  any 
in  the  world.  Notwithstanding,  such  an  accident  hapned 
Captaine  Stallings,  [that]  the  next  day  his  ship  was  cast 
away,  and  he  not  long  after  slaine  in  a  priuate  quarrell. 

Sir  George  Yearly  to  beginne  his  gouernment,  added  to 
be  of  his  councell,  Captaine  Francis  West,  Captaine 
Nathaniel  Powell,  Master  Iohn  Pory,  Master  Iohn  Rolfe, 
and  Master  William  Wick[h]am,  and  Master  Samuel  Macocke, 
and  propounded  to  haue  a  generall  assembly  with  all 
expedition. 

Vpon  the  twelfth  of  this  Moneth  [April  1619],  came  in  a 
Pinnace  of  Captaine  Bargraues ;  and  on  the  seuenteenth 
[April  1619]  Captaine  Lownes,  and  one  Master  Euans,  who 
intended  to  plant  themselues  at  Waraskoyack :  but  now 
Ophechankanough  will  not  come  at  vs,  that  causes  vs 
[to]  suspect  his  former  promises. 

In  May  [1619J  came  in  the  Margaret  of  Bristoll,  with  foure 
and  thirty  men,  all  well  and  in  health ;  and  also  many  deuout 
gifts  :  and  we  were  much  troubled  in  examining  some  scan- 


Ed.  by  J.  Smith.  "1   T  TT>      , 
July  1624 J   A'IB-   4- 


Sir  George  Yearley. 


54i 


dalous  letters  sent  into  England,  to  disgrace  this  Country  [1619] 
with  barrennesse,  to  discourage  the  aduenturers,  and  so 
bring  it  and  vs  to  ruine  and  confusion.  Notwithstanding, 
we  finde  by  them  of  best  experience,  an  industrious  man 
not  other  waies  imploied,  may  well  tend  foure  akers  of 
Corne,  and  1000.  plants  of  Tobacco;  and  where  they  say  an 
aker  will  yeeld  but  three  or  foure  barrels,  we  haue  ordin-  a  barren 
arily  foure  or  flue,  but  of  new  ground  six,  seuen,  and  eight,  account 
and  a  barrell  of  Pease  and  Beanes,  which  we  esteeme  as  buSeis. 
good  as  two  of  Corne,  which  is  after  thirty  or  forty  bushels 
an  aker,  so  that  one  man  may  prouide  Corne  for  fiue;  and 
apparell  for  two  by  the  profit  of  his  Tobacco.  They  say  also 
English  Wheat  will  yeeld  but  sixteene  bushels  an  aker, 
and  we  haue  reaped  thirty  :  besides  to  manure  the  Land, 
no  place  hath  more  white  and  blew  Marble [?  marl]tha.n  here, 
had  we  but  Carpenters  to  build  and  make  Carts  and  Ploughs, 
and  skilfull  men  that  know  how  to  vse  them,  and  traine 
vp  our  cattell  to  draw  them ;  which  though  we  indeuour  to 
effect,  yet  our  want  of  experience  brings  but  little  to  per- 
fection but  planting  Tobaco.  And  yet  of  that,  many  are  so 
couetous  to  haue  much,  they  make  little  good;  besides 
there  are  so  many  sofisticating  Tobaco-mungers  in  England^ 
were  it  neuer  so  bad,  they  would  sell  it  for  Verinas,  and  the 
trash  that  remaineth  should  be  Virginia-,  such  deuilish  bad 
mindes  we  know  some  of  our  owne  Country-men  doe  beare, 
not  onely  to  the  businesse,  but  also  to  our  mother  England 
her  selfe ;  could  they  or  durst  they  as  freely  defame  her. 

The  25.  of  June  [1619]  came  in  the  Triall  with  Corne  and 
Cattell  all  in  safety,  which  tooke  from  vs  cleerely  all  feare 
of  famine ;  then  our  gouernour  and  councell  caused  Bur- 
gesses to  be  chosen  in  all  places,  and  met  at  a  generall  Sneof 
Assembly,  where  all  matters  were  debated  [that  were]  Parlament- 
thought  expedient  for  the  good  of  the  Colony,  and  Captaine 
Ward  was  sent  to  Monahigan  in  new  England,  to  fish  in 
May,  and  returned  the  latter  end  of  May,  but  to  small 
purpose,  for  they  wanted  Salt.  The  George  also  was  sent 
to  New-found-land  with  the  Cape  Merchant:  there  she 
bought  fish,  that  defraied  her  charges,  and  made  a  good 
voyage  in  seuen  weekes. 

About  the  last  of  August  [1619]  came  in  a  dutch  man  of 
warre  that  sold  vs  twenty  Negars  [this  was  the  first  intro- 


542  A  relation  from  Lib.  4.  p'*^; 

[1619]  duction  of  Negro  slavery  into  Virginia] :  and  Iapazous  King  of 
Patawomeck,  came  to  lames  towne,  to  desire  two  ships  to 
come  trade  in  his  Riuer,  for  a  more  plentifull  yeere  of  Come 
had  not  beene  in  a  long  time,  yet  very  contagious,  and  by 
the  trechery  of  one  Poide,  in  a  manner  turned  heathen,  wee 
[127]  were  very  iealous  the  Saluages  would  surprize  vs. 

Foure  The  Gouernours    haue    bounded    foure  Corporations ; 

corporations  ^j^  js  me  Companies,  the  Vniuersity,  the  Gouernours 
and  Gleabe  land  :  Ensigne  Wil.  Spencer,  and  Thomas  Barret 
a  Sergeant,  with  some  others  of  the  ancient  Planters  being 
set  free,  weare  the  first  farmers  that  went  forth ;  and  haue 
chosen  places  to  their  content :  so  that  now  knowing  their 
owne  land,  they  striue  who  should  exceed  in  building  and 
planting. 

The  fourth  of  Nouember  [1619],  the  Bona  noua  came  in 
with  all  her  people  lusty  and  well ;  not  long  after  one 
Master  Dirmer  sent  out  by  some  of  Plimoth  for  New- 
England,  arriued  in  a  Barke  of  fiue  tunnes,  and  returned 
the  next  Spring. 

Notwithstanding  the  ill  rumours  of  the  vnwholsomnesse 
of  lames  towne,  the  new  commers  that  were  planted  at  old 
Paspaheghe,  [a]  little  more  then  a  mile  from  it,  had  their 
healths  better  then  any  in  the  Country. 

captaine  In   December   [1619J,   Captaine    Ward  returned    from 

wpiou.  Patawomeck,  the  people  there  dealt  falsly  with  him,  so 
that  hee  tooke  800.  bushels  of  Come  from  them  perforce. 
Captaine  Woddiffe  of  Bristol  came  in  not  long  after,  with 
all  his  people  lusty  and  in  health  :  and  we  had  two  par- 
ticular Gouernours  sent  vs,  vnder  the  titles  of  Deputies  to 
the  Company,  the  one  to  haue  charge  of  the  Colledge 
Lands,  the  other  of  the  Companies. 

Now  you  are  tovnderstand,that  because  there  haue  beene 
many  complaints  against  the  Gouernors,  Captaines,  and 
Officers  in  Virginia:  for  buying  and  selling  men  and  boies, 
or  to  bee  set  ouerfrom  one  to  another  for  a  yeerely  rent,  was 
held  in  England  a  thing  most  intolerable ;  or  that  the  tenants 
or  lawfull  seruants  should  be  put  from  their  places,  or 
abridged  their  Couenants,  was  so  odious,  that  the  very  report 
thereof  brought  a  great  scandall  to  the  generall  action. 
The  Councell  in  England  did  send  many  good  and  worthy  in- 
structions for  the  amending  [of]  those  abuses,  and  appointed 


Ed-by/uiyT<£:]  Lib.  4.  Master  Iohn  Rolfe. 


543 


a  hundred  men  should  at  the  Companies  charge  be  allotted 

and  prouided  to  serue  and  attend  the  Gouernour  during 

the  time  of  his  gouernment,  which  number  he  was  to  make 

good  at  his  departure,  and  leaue  to  his  Successor  in  like 

lanner;  fifty  to  the  Deputy-Gouernour  of  the  College  land, 

tnd  fifty  to  the  Deputy  of  the  Companies  land,  fifty  to  the 

treasurer,  to  the  Secretary  fiue  and  twenty,  and  more  to^the 

larshall  and  Cape  merchant ;  which  they  are  also  to  leaue 

to  their  successors;  and  likewise  to  euery  particular  Officer 

such  a  competency,  as  he  might  Hue  well  in  his  Office, 

without  oppressing  any  vnder  their  charge :  which  good 

law  I  pray  God  it  be  well  obserued,  and  then  we  may  truly 

>ay  in  Virginia,  we  are  the  most  happy  people  in  the  world. 

By  me  Iohn  Rolfe. 


[1619] 


Here  went  this  yeere  by  the  Companies  records,  JsiSu«amd 
11.  ships,  and  1216.  persons  to  be  thus  disposed  men.lpsai 
on  :  Tenants  for  the  Gouernors  land  fourescore, 
besides  fifty  sent  the  former  spring;  for  the 
Companies  land  a  hundred  and  thirty,  for  the  College  a 
hundred,  for  the  Glebe  land  fifty,  young  women  to  make 
wiues  ninety,  seruants  for  publike  seruice  fifty,  and  fifty 
more  whose  labours  were  to  bring  vp  thirty  of  the  infidels 
children  :  the  rest  were  sent  to  priuate  Plantations. 

Two  persons  vnknowne  haue  giuen  faire  Plate  and  Gifts  sIuen 
Ornaments  for  two  Communion  Tables,  the  one  at  the 
College,  the  other  at  the  Church  of  Mistris  Mary  Robinson, 
who  towards  the  foundation  gaue  two  hundred  pound. 
And  another  vnknowne  person  sent  to  the  Treasurer  fiue 
hundred  and  fifty  pounds,  for  the  bringing  vp  of  the  saluage 
children  in  Christianity.  Master  Nicholas  Farrar  deceased, 
hath  by  his  Will  giuen  three  hundred  pounds  to  the 
College,  to  be  paid  when  there  shall  be  ten  young  Saluages 
placed  in  it,  in  the  meane  time  foure  and  twenty  pound 
[i.e.,  the  interest  on  £300  at  the  then  rate  of  £6  per  cent.] 
yeerely  to  bee  distributed  vnto  three  discreet  and  godly 
young  men  in  the  Colony,  to  bring  vp  three  wilde  young 
infidels  in  some  good  course  of  life. 

Also  there  were  granted  eleuen  Pattents,  vpon  condition  to  ^J*^ 
transport  people  and  cattle  to  increase  the  Plantations.  [128]  tEmrnM 


A  French 
man  [i.e. ,  a 
French  ship\ 
cast  away  at 
Gunrda- 
lupo. 


A  desperat  Sea-fight  betwixt  two 

Spanish  men  of  warre,  and  a  small 

English  ship,  at  the  He  of  Dominica^ 

going  to  Virginia^  by  Captaine 

Anthojiy  Chester. 

I  Airing  taken  our  iourney  towards  Virginia 
in  the  beginning  of  February,  a  ship 
called  the  Margaret  and  Iohn,  of  one 
hundred  and  sixty  tuns,  eight  Iron  Peeces 
and  a  Falcon,  with  eightie  Passengers 
besides  Sailers ;  After  many  tempests 
and  foule  weather,  about  the  foureteenth 
of  March  [1620]  we  were  in  thirteene 
degrees  and  an  halfe  of  Northerly  latitude,  where  we 
descried  a  ship  at  hull ;  it  being  but  a  faire  gale  of  wind, 
we  edged  towards  her  to  see  what  she  was,  but  she 
presently  set  saile,  and  ran  vs  quickly  out  of  sight. 

This  made  vs  keepe  our  course  for  Mettalina,  and  the 
next  day  passing  Dominica,  we  came  to  an  anchor  at 
Guardalupo,  to  take  in  fresh  water.  Six  French-men  there 
cast  away  sixteene  moneths  agoe  [?  Nov.  1618]  came 
aboord  vs;  they  told  vs  a  Spanish  man  of  Warre  but 
seuen  daies  before  was  seeking  his  consort,  and  this  was 
she  we  descried  at  hull. 

At  Metiis  we  intended  to  refresh  our  selues,  hauing 
beene  eleuen  weeks  [Feb. — April  1620]  pestered  in  this 
vnwholsome  ship  ;  but  there  we  found  two  tall  ships  with 
the  Hollanders  colours ;  but  necessitie  forcing  vs  on  shore, 
we  anchored  faire  by  them,  and  in  friendly  manner  sent  to 


Ed'  byjuiy TeS.']  Lib.  4.    A  desperat  Sea-fight  at  Dominica.       545 

ha[i]le  them :  but  seeing  they  were  Spaniards,  retiring  to  our      [1620] 
ship,  they  sent  such  a  volley  of  shot  after  vs,  that  shot  the  JJ*^    . 
Boat,  split  the  Oares,  and  [shot]  some  thorow  the  clothes,  begin!*''  * 
yet  not  a  man  hurt ;  and  then  followed  with  their  great 
Ordnance,  that  many  times  ouer-racked  our  ship,  which 
being  so  cumbred   with   the  Passengers  prouisions,  our 
Ordnance  was  not  well  fitted,  nor  any  thing  as  it  should 
haue  beene. 

But  perceiuing  what  they  were,  we  fitted  our  selues  the 
best  we  could  to  preuent  a  mischiefe.     Seeing  them  warp 
themselues  to  windward,  we  thought  it  not  good  to  be 
boorded  on  both  sides  at  an  anchor;  we  intended  to  set  The  vice- 
saile,  but  that  the  Vice-Admirall  battered  so  hard  our  star-  ^irsdl 
boord  side,  that  we  fell  to  our  businesse,  and  answered  ^JJ^J 
their  vnkindnesse  with  such  faire  shot  from  a  Demiculuer-  water, 
ing,  that  shot  her  betweene  wind  and  water,  whereby  she 
was  glad  to  leaue  vs  and  her  Admirall  together. 

Comming  faire  by  our  quarter,  he  tooke  in  his  Holland 
flag,  and  put  forth  his  Spanish  colours,  and  so  ha[i]led  vs. 
We  quietly  and  quickly  answered  him,  both  what  wee 
were,  and  whither  bound ;  relating  the  effect  of  our  Com- 
mission, and  the  cause  of  our  comming  thither  for  water, 
and  not  to  annoy  any  of  the  King  oiSpaines  Subiects,nor  any. 

She  commanded  vs  amaine  for  the  King  of  Spaine. 

We  replied  with  inlarging  the  particulars  what  friends 
both  the  Kings  our  Masters  were ;  and  as  we  would  doe 
no  wrong,  we  would  take  none. 

They  commanded  vs  aboord  to  shew  our  Commission ; 
which  we  refused,  but  if  they  would  send  their  Boat  to 
vs  willingly  they  should  see  it.  But  for  answer  they  made  ^*£?nna 
two  great  shot  at  vs,  with  a  volley  of  small  shot,  which  fighteir 
caused  vs  to  leaue  the  decks ;  then  with  many  ill  words 
they  laid  vs  aboord,  which  caused  vs  to  raise  our  maine 
saile,  and  giue  the  word  to  our  small  shot  which  lay  close 
and  ready,  that  paid  them  in  such  sort,  they  quickly  retired. 

The  fight  continued  halfe  an  houre,  as  if  we  had  beene 
inuironed  with  fire  and  smoke,  vntill  they  discouered  the 
waste  of  our  ship  naked,  where  they  brauely  boorded  vs 
loofe  for  loofe,  hasting  with  pikes  and  swords  to  enter;  but 
it  pleased  God  so  to  direct  our  Captaine,  and  encourage 
our  men  with  valour,  that  our  pikes  being  formerly  placed 

35 


546  A  desperat  Sea-fight        Lib.  4.  ["-^^ 

[1620]  vnder  our  halfe  deck,  and  certaine  shot  lying  close  for  that 
purpose  vnder  the  Port  holes,  encountred  them  so  rudely, 
that  their  fury  was  not  onely  rebated,  but  their  hastinesse 
intercepted,  and  their  whole  company  beaten  backe.  Many 
of  our  men  were  hurt,  but  I  am  sure  they  had  two  for  one. 
In  the  end  they  were  violently  repulsed,  vntill  they  were 
reinforced  to  charge  [129]  againe  by  their  commands,  who 
standing  vpon  their  honors,  thought  it  a  great  indignity 
to  be  so  affronted,  which  caused  a  second  charge,  and  that 
answered  with  a  second  beating  backe  :  whereat  the  Cap- 
taine  grew  inraged,  and  constrained  them  to  come  on 
againe  afresh,  which  they  did  so  effectually,  that  question- 
lesse  it  had  wrought  an  alteration,  if  the  God  that  tosseth 
Monarchies,  and  teareth  Mountaines,  had  not  taught  vs 
to  tosse  our  Pikes  with  prosperous  euents,  and  powred 
out  a  volley  of  small  shot  amongst  them,  whereby  that 
Sjtain.  valiant  Commander  was  slaine,  and  many  of  his  Souldiers 
turn*.         dropped  downe  likewise  on  the  top  of  the  hatches. 

This  we  saw  with  our  eies,  and  reioyced  with  it  at  our 
hearts,  so  that  we  might  perceiue  good  successe  comming 
on,  our  Captaine  presently  tooke  aduantage  of  their  dis- 
comfiture, though  with  much  comiseration  of  that  resolute 
Captaine,  and  not  onely  plied  them  againe  with  our 
Ordnance,  but  had  more  shot  vnder  the  Pikes,  which  was 
bestowed  to  good  purpose,  and  amazed  our  enemies  with 
the  suddennesse. 
a  worthy  Amongst  the  rest,  one  Lucas,  our  Carpenters  Mate,  must 
ISm.  not  be  forgotten,  who  perceiuing  a  way  how  to  annoy 
them ;  As  they  were  thus  puzled  and  in  a  confusion,  drew 
out  a  Minion  vnder  the  halfe  decke,  and  there  bent  it 
vpon  them  in  such  a  manner,  that  when  it  was  fired,  the 
cases  of  stones  and  peeces  of  Iron  fell  vpon  them  so  thick, 
as  cleared  the  decke,  and  slew  many;  and  in  short  time  we 
saw  few  assailants,  but  such  as  crept  from  place  to  place 
couertly  from  the  fury  of  our  shot,  which  now  was  thicker 
than  theirs  :  for  although  as  far  as  we  may  commend  our 
enemies,  they  had  done  something  worthy  of  commenda- 
tions; yet  either  wanting  men,  or  being  ouertaken  with 
the  vnlooked  for  valour  of  our  men,  they  now  began  to 
shrinke,  and  giue  vs  leaue  to  be  wanton  with  our  aduantage. 
Yet  we  could  onely  vse  but  foure  peece  of  Ordnances, 


^'^juiy^l;:]  Lib.  4.      at  the  He  of  Dominica.  547 

but  they  serued  the  turne  as  well   as  all  the  rest :  for      [1620] 

she  was  shot  so  oft  betweene  wind  and  water,  we  saw 

they  were  willing  to  leaue  vs,  but  by  reason  she  was  fast 

in  the  latch  of  our  cable,  which  in  haste  of  weighing  our 

anchor  hung  aloofe,  she  could  not  cleare  her  selfe  as  she 

wrought  to  doe,  till  one  cut  the  Cable  with  an  axe,  and 

was  slaine  by  freeing  vs.     Hauing  beene  aboord  vs  two 

houres  and  an  halfe,  seeing  her  selfe  cleere,  all  the  shot 

wee  had,  plaied  on  both  sides,  which  lasted  till  we  were 

out  of  shot ;  then  we  discouered  the  Vice-Admirall  com- 

ming  to  her  assistance,  who  began  a  farre  off  to  ply  vs 

with  their  Ordnances,  and  put  vs  in  minde  we  had  another 

worke  in  hand.     Whereupon  we  separated  the  dead  and 

hurt  bodies,  and  manned  the  ship  with  the  rest,  and  were 

so  well  incouraged  wee  waifed  them  amaine. 

The  Admirall  stood  aloofe  off,  and  the  other  would  not 
come  within  Falcon  shot,  where  she  lay  battering  vs  till 
shee  receiued  another  paiment  from  a  Demiculuering, 
which  made  her  beare  with  the  shore  for  smooth  water 
to  mend  her  leakes. 

The  next  morning  they  both  came  vp  againe  with  vs, 
as  if  they  had  determined  to  deuour  vs  at  once,  but 
it  seemed  it  was  but  a  brauado,  though  they  forsooke 
not  our  quarter  for  a  time  within  Musket  shot ;  yet  all  the 
night  onely  they  kept  vs  company,  but  made  not  a  shot. 
During  which  time  we  had  leasure  to  prouide  vs  better 
than  before :  but  God  bethanked  they  made  onely  but 
a  shew  of  another  assault,  ere  suddenly  the  Vice-admirall 
fell  a  starne,  and  the  other  lay  shaking  in  the  wind,  and 
so  they  both  left  vs. 

The  fight  continued  six  houres,  and  was  the  more  Theeuent 
vnwelcome,  because  we  were  so  ill  prouided,  and  had  no  ofthefight 
intent  to  fight,  nor  giue  occasion  to  disturbe  them.  As 
for  the  losse  of  men,  if  Religion  had  not  taught  vs  what 
by  the  prouidence  of  God  is  brought  to  passe,  yet  daily 
experience  might  informe  vs,  of  the  dangers  of  wars, 
and  perils  at  sea,  by  stormes  tempests,  shipwracks,  en- 
counters with  Pirats,  meeting  with  enemies,  crosse  winds, 
long  voiages,  vnknowne  shores,  barbarous  Nations,  and 
an  hundred  inconueniences,  of  which  humane  pollicies 
are  not  capable,  nor  mens  coniectures  apprehensiue. 


548     A  desperat  Sea-fight  at  Dominica.     Lib, 


4TEd.  by  J.  Smith. 


July  1634. 


[1620] 


t/.5°6.] 


We  lost  Doctor  Bohun,  a  worthy  valiant  Gentleman,  (a 
long  time  brought  vp  amongst  the  most  learned  Surgeons 
and  Physitions  in  Netherlands,  and  this  his  second  iourney 
to  Virginia :)  and  seuen  slaine  out  right ;  two  died  shortly 
of  their  wounds;  sixteene  was  shot,  whose  limbs  [130]  God 
be  thanked  was  recouered  without  maime,  and  [they  are] 
now  setled  in  Virginia. 

How  many  they  lost  we  know  not,  but  we  saw  a  great 
many  lie  on  the  decks,  and  their  skuppers  runne  with 
bloud.  They  were  about  three  hundred  tunnes  apeece, 
[and]  each  [of]  sixteene  or  twentie  Brasse-peeces. 

Captaine  Chester,  who  in  this  fight  had  behaued  himselfe 
like  a  most  vigilant,  resolute,  and  a  couragious  souldier, 
as  also  our  honest  and  valiant  Master,  did  still  so  comfort 
and  incourage  vs  by  all  the  meanes  they  could. 

At  last,  to  all  our  great  contents,  we  arriued  in  Virginia^ 
and  from  thence  returned  safely  to  England, 


The  Names  of  the  Aduenturers 

for  Virginia^  Alphabetically  set  downe, 

according  to  a  printed  Booke,  set  out  by  the 

Treasurer  and  Councell  in  this  present 

yeere,  1620. 


Edward  Allen. 

Edmund  A  lien  Esquire. 

John  Allen. 

Thomas  Allen. 

William  A  tkinson,  Esquire. 

Richard  Ashcroft, 

Nicholas  Andrews. 

Iohn  Andrews  the  elder, 

Iohn  A  ndrews  the  younger. 

lames  Ascough. 

Giles  Allington, 

Morris  A  bbot. 

Ambrose  Asten. 

lames  Askew. 


Ir  William  A  liffe. 
Sir  Roger  Aston. 
Sir  Anthony  Ashley. 
Sir  Iohn  A  kland. 
Sir  Anthonie  Aucher, 
Sir  Robert  Askwith. 
Doctor  Francis  A  nthony. 
Charles  Anthony. 

Anthony  Abdey. 

Iohn  Arundell,  Esquire, 


[1620] 


B 


Edward,  Earle  of  Bedford, 
lames,  Lord  Bishop  of  Bathe 

and  Wells. 
Sir  Francis  Barrington. 
Sir  Morice  Barkley. 
Sir  Iohn  Benet. 
Sir  Thomas  Beamont. 
Sir  A  mias  Bamfield, 
Sir  Iohn  Bourcher* 


55o 
[1620] 


The  names  of  the  Aduenturers.     Lib.  4.  [EdbyjJ]ys^. 

Sir  Edmund  Bowyer. 

Iohn  Baker. 

Sir  Thomas  Bladder, 

Iohn  Bustoridge. 

Sir  George  Bolles. 

Francis  Burley. 

Sir  John  Bingley. 

William  Browne. 

Sir  Thomas  Button. 

Robert  Barker. 

Sir  Henry  Beddingfield. 

Samuel  Bumham. 

Companie    of   Barbers  -  Sur- 

Edward Barkley. 

geons. 

William  Bennet. 

Companie  of  Bakers, 

Captaine  Edward  Brewster. 

Richard  Banister. 

Thomas  Brocket. 

Iohn  Bancks. 

Iohn  Bullock. 

Miles  Bancks. 

George  Bache. 

Thomas  Barber. 

Thomas  Bayly. 

William  Bonham. 

William  Barkley. 

lames  Bryerley. 

George  Butler. 

William  Barners. 

Timothie  Bathurst. 

Anthony  Barners,  Esquire. 

George  Burton. 

William  Brewster. 

Thomas  Bret. 

Richard  Brooke. 

Captaine  Iohn  Brough. 

Hugh  Brooker,  Esquire. 

Thomas  Baker. 

A  mbrose  Brewsey. 

Iohn  Blunt. 

Iohn  Brooke. 

Thomas  Bayly. 

Matthew  Bromridge. 

Richard  and  Edward  Blunt. 

Christopher  Brooke,  Esquire. 

Mineon  Burrell. 

Martin  Bond. 

Richard  Blackmore. 

Gabriel  Beadle. 

William  Beck. 

Iohn  Beadle. 

Beniamin  Brand. 

Dauid  Borne. 

Iohn  Busbridge. 

Edward  Barnes. 

William  Burrell. 

Iohn  Badger. 

William  Barret. 

Edmund  Branduell. 

Francis  Baldwin. 

Robert  Bowyer,  Esquire. 

Edward  Barber. 

Robert  Bateman. 

Humphrey  Basse. 

Thomas  Britton. 

Robert  Bell. 

Nicholas  Benson.  [131] 

Matthew  Bromrick. 

Edward  Bishop. 

Iohn  Beaumont. 

Peter  Burgoney. 

George  Barkley. 

Thomas  Burgoney. 

Peter  Bartle. 

Robert  Burgoney. 

Thomas  Bretton. 

Christopher  Baron. 

Iohn  Blount. 

Peter  Benson. 

Arthur  Bromfeld  Esquire. 

Ed.  by  J.  Smith."] 
July  1624.J 


Lib.  4.     The  names  of  the  Aduenturers. 


551 


William  Berbloke. 
Charles  Beck. 


George,  Lord  Archbishop  of 

Canterburie. 
William    Lord     Cranborne, 

now  Earle  of  Salisburie. 
William,  Lord  Compton,  now 

Earle  of  North-hampton. 
William     Lord     Cauendish, 

now  Earle  of  Deuonshire. 
Richard,  Earle  of  Clanricard. 
Sir  William  Cauendish  now 

Lord  Cauendish. 
Gray,  Lord  Chandos, 
Sir  Henry  Cary. 
Sir  George  Caluert. 
Sir  Lionell  Cranfield. 
Sir  Edward  Cecill. 
Sir  Robert  Cotten. 
Sir  Oliuer  Cromwell. 
Sir  Anthony  Cope. 
Sir  Walter  Cope. 
Sir  Edward  Carr. 
Sir  Thomas  Conisbie. 
Sir  George  Cary. 
Sir  Edward  Conwey. 
Sir  Walter  Chute. 
Sir  Edward  Culpeper. 
Sir  Henry  Cary,  Captaine. 
Sir  William  Crauen. 
Sir  Walter  Couert. 
Sir  George  Coppin. 
Sir  George  Chute. 
Sir  Thomas  Couentry. 
Sir  Iohn  Cutts. 
Lady  Cary. 

Company  of  Cloth-workers. 
Citie  of  Chichester. 


Robert  Chamberlaine. 
Richard  Chamberlaine. 
Francis  Couill. 
William  Coyse,  Esquire. 
A  braham  Chamberlaine. 
Thomas  Carpenter. 
Anthony  Crew. 
Richard  Cox. 
William  Crosley. 
lames  Chatfeild. 
Richard  Caswell. 
Iohn  Cornelis. 
Randall  Carter. 
Executors  of  Randall  Carter* 
William  Canning. 
Edward  Carue,  Esquire. 
Thomas  Cannon,  Esquire. 
Richard  Champion. 
Rawley  Crashaw. 
Henry  Collins. 
Henry  Cromwell. 
Iohn  Cooper. 
Richard  Cooper.  [132] 
Iohn  Casson. 
Thomas  Colthurst. 
Allen  Cotten. 
Edward  Cage. 
Abraham  Carthwright. 
Robert  Coppin. 
Thomas  Cenock. 
Iohn  Clapham. 
Thomas  Church. 
William  Carpenter, 
Laurence  Campe. 
lames  Cambell. 
Christopher  Cletheroe. 
Matthew  Cooper. 
George  Chamber. 
Captaine  Iohn  Cooke. 
Captaine    Thomas     Conwey, 
Esquire 


[1620] 


552         The  names  of  the  Aduenturers.       Lib.  4.  [^  byjJiysS£5; 


[1620]      Edward  Culpeper,  Esquire. 
Master  William  Crashaw. 
Abraham  Colmer. 
Iohn  Culpeper. 
Edmund  Colbey. 
Richard  Cooper. 
Robert  Creswell. 
Iohn  Cage,  Esquire. 
Matthew  Caue. 
William  Crowe. 
Abraham  Carpenter. 
Iohn  Crowe. 
Thomas  Cordell. 
Richard  Connock,  Esquire. 
William  Compton. 
William  Chester. 
Thomas  Couel. 

Richard  Carmarden,  Esquire. 
William  and  Paul  Canning. 
Henry  Cromwell,  Esquire. 
Simon  Codrington. 
Clement  Chichley. 
lames  Cullemore. 
William  Cantrell. 


Richard  Earle  of  Dorset. 

Edward  Lord  Denny. 

Sir  Iohn  Digbie,  now  Lord 

Digbie. 
Sir  Iohn  Doderidge. 
Sir  Drew  Drewry  the  elder. 
Sir  Thomas  Dennis. 
Sir  Robert  Drewry. 
Sir  Iohn  Dauers. 
Sir  Dudley  Digs. 
Sir  Marmaduke  Dovrel. 
Sir  Thomas  Dale. 
Sir  Thomas  Denton. 


Companie  of  Drapers. 

Thomas  Bond,  Esquire. 

Dauid  Bent,  Esquire. 

Com[p]anie  of  Dyers. 

Towne  of  Douer. 

Master  Richard  Deane,  Al- 
derman. 

Henry  Dawkes. 

Edward  Dichfield. 

William  Dunne. 

Iohn  Dauis. 

Matthew  Dequester. 

Philip  Durdent. 

Abraham  Dawes. 

Iohn  Dike. 

Thomas  Draper. 

Lancelot  Dauis. 

Rowley  Dawsey. 

William  Dobson  Esquire. 

Anthony  Dyot,  Esquire. 

Auery  Dranfield. 

Roger  Dye. 

Iohn  Downes. 

Iohn  Drake. 

Iohn  Delbridge. 

Beniamin  Decroe. 

Thomas  Dyke. 

Ieffery  Duppa. 

Daniel  Darnelly. 

Sara  Draper. 

Clement  and  Henry  Dawk- 
ney. 


Thomas,  Earle  of  Exeter. 
Sir  Thomas  Euer field. 
Sir  Francis  Egiock. 
Sir  Robert  Edolph. 
Iohn  Eldred,  Esquire. 
William  Euans. 


Ed.  byjf.  Smith.-!   T  T1J 
Jilyi624j   ^IB* 


4.        The  names  of  the  Aduenturers.        553 


Richard,  Euans. 
Hugh  Euans. 
Ralph  Ewens,  Esquire. 
Iohn  Elkin. 
John  Elkin. 
Robert  Euelin. 
Nicholas  Exton. 
Iohn  Exton. 
George  Ether idge. 


Sir  Moyle  Finch. 

Sir  Henry  Fanshaw. 

Sir  Thomas  Freake. 

Sir  Peter  Fretchuile.  [133] 

Sir  William  Fleetwood. 

Sir  Henry  Fane. 

Company  of  Fishmongers. 

Iohn  Fletcher. 

Iohn  Farmer. 

Martin  Freeman,  Esquire. 

Ralph  Freeman. 

William    and    Ralph    Free- 
man. 
Michael  Fetiplace. 

William  Fettiplace. 

Thomas  Forrest. 

Edward  Fleetwood,  Esquire. 

William  Felgate. 

William  Field. 

Nicholas  Ferrar, 

Iohn  Farrar. 

Giles  Francis. 

Edward  Fawcet. 

Richard  Farrington* 

Iohn  Francklin. 

Richard  Frith. 

Iohn  Feme. 

George  Farmer. 


Thomas  Francis. 

Iohn  Fenner. 

Nicholas  Fuller,  Esquire. 

Thomas  Foxall. 

William  Fleet. 

Peter  Franck,  Esquire. 

Richard  Fishbome. 

William  Faldoe. 

Iohn  Fletcher,  and  Company. 

William  Ferrars. 


Lady  Elizabeth  Gray. 
Sir  Iohn  Gray. 
Sir  William  Godolfine. 
Sir  Thomas  Gates. 
Sir  William  Gee. 
Sir  Richard  Grobham. 
Sir  William  Gar  aw  ay. 
Sir  Francis  Goodwin. 
Sir  George  Goring. 
Sir  Thomas  Grantham. 
Company  of  Grocers. 
Company  of  Goldsmiths. 
Company  of  Girdlers. 
Iohn  Geering. 
Iohn  Gardiner. 
Richard  Gardiner* 
Iohn  Gilbert. 
Thomas  Graue. 
Iohn  Gray. 
Nicholas  Griece. 
Richard  Goddard. 
Thomas  Gipps. 
Peter  Gates. 
Thomas  Gibbs  Esquire, 
Laurence  Greene. 
William  Greenwell. 
Robert  Garset. 
Robert  Gore. 


[1620] 


554        The  names  of  the  Aduenturers. 


TTB      i      rEd.  by  J.  Smith. 


[1620]      Thomas  Gouge. 

Francis  Glanuile,  Esquire. 


H 


Henry,  Earle  of  Huntington. 

Lord  Theophilus  H award,  L. 
Walden. 

Sir  Iohn  Harrington,  L. 
Harington. 

Sir  Iohn  Hollis,  now  Lord 
Hautein. 

Sir  Thomas  Holecroft. 

Sir  William  Harris. 

Sir  Thomas  Hareflect. 

Sir  George  Haiward. 

Sir  VVarwicke  Heale. 

Sir  Baptist  Hicks. 

Sir  Iohn  Hanham. 

Sir  Thomas  Horwell. 

Sir  Thomas  Hewit. 

Sir  William  Herrick. 

Sir  Eustace  Hart. 

Sir  Pory  Huntley. 

Sir  Arthur  Harris. 

Sir  Edward  Heron. 

Sir  Perseuall  Hart. 

Sir  Ferdinando  Heiborne. 

Sir  Lawrence  Hide. 

Master  Hugh  Hamersley,  A  U 
derman. 

Master  Richard  Heron,  Al- 
derman, 

Richard  Humble,  Esquire. 

Master  Richard  Hackleuit. 

Edward  Harrison. 

George  Holeman. 

Robert  Hill. 

Griffin  Hinton, 

Iohn  Hawkins. 

William  Hancocke. 


Iohn  Harper. 
George  Hawger. 
Iohn  Holt. 
Iohn  Huntley. 
Ieremy  Heiden. 
Ralph  Hamer. 
Ralph  Hamer,  Iunior. 
Iohn  Hodgeson. 
Iohn  Hanford. 
Thomas  Harris.  [134] 
Richard  Howell. 
Thomas  Henshaw. 
Leonard  Harwood. 
Tristram  Hill. 
Francis  Haselridge. 
Tobias  Hinson. 
Peter  Heightley. 
George  Hawkenson. 
Thomas  Hackshaw. 
Charles  Hawkens. 
Iohn  Hodgis. 
William  Holland, 
Robert  Hartley. 
Gregory  Herst. 
Thomas  Hodgis. 
William  Hodgis. 
Roger  Harris. 
Iohn  Harris. 
M.  Iohn  Haiward. 
lames  Haiward. 
Nicholas  Hide,  Esquire, 
Iohn  Hare,  Esquire. 
William  Hackwell,  Esquire. 
Gressam  Hoogan. 
Humfrey  Hanford  m 
William  Haselden. 
Nicholas  Hooker. 
Doctor  Anthony  Hunion. 
Iohn  Hodsale. 
George  Hooker. 
Anthony  Hinton. 


Ed*  b5juiy  TeSjQ  Lib.  4.        The  names  of  the  Aduenturers.        555 


Iohn  Hogsell. 
Thomas  Hampton. 
William  Hicks. 
William  Holiland. 
Ralph  Harison. 
Harman  Harison. 

I 

Sir  Thomas  Iermyn. 

Sir  Robert  Johnson. 

Sir  Arthur  Ingram. 

Sir  Francis  I  ones. 

Company  of  Ironmongers. 

Company  of  Inholders. 

Company  of  Imbroyderers. 

Bailiffes  of  Ipswich. 

Henry  Iackson. 

Richard  Ironside. 

M.  Robert Iohnson  Alderman. 

Thomas  I  ones. 

William  Iobson. 

Thomas  Iohnson. 

Thomas  Iadwine, 

Iohn  Iosua. 

George  Isam. 

Philip  Iacobson. 

Peter  Iacobson. 

Thomas  Iuxson  Senior. 

lames  Iewell. 

Gabriel  Iaques. 

Walter  Iobson. 

Edward  lames. 

Zachary  Iones,  Esquire. 

Anthony  Irbye,  Esquire. 

William  I-anson. 

Humfrey  Iobson. 


Sir  Valentine  Knightley. 


Sir  Robert  Killegrew, 

Sir  Charles  Kelke. 

Sir  Iohn  Kaile. 

Richard  Kirrill. 

Iohn  Kirrill. 

Ra[l]ph  King. 

Henry  Kent. 

Towne  of  Kings  lynne. 

Iohn  Kettleby,  Esquire. 

Walter  Kirkham,  Esquire* 


Henry  Earle  of  Lincolne. 
Robert,  L.  Lisle,  now  Earls 

of  Leicester. 
Thomas,  Lord  Laware. 
Sir  Francis  Leigh. 
Sir  Richard  Lowlace. 
Sir  William  Litton. 
Sir  Iohn  Lewson. 
Sir  William  Lower. 
Sir  Samuel  Leonard. 
Sir  Samson  Leonard. 
Company  of  Lethersellers, 
Thomas  Laughton. 
William  Lewson. 
Peter  Latham. 
Peter  Van  Lore. 
Henry  Leigh. 
Thomas  Leuar. 
Christofer  Landman* 
Morris  Lewellin. 
Edward  Lewis. 
Edward  Lewkin. 
Peter  Lodge. 
Thomas  Layer. 
Thomas  Lawson. 
Francis  Lodge.  [135] 
Iohn  Langley. 
Dauid  Loide. 


[1620] 


556         The  names  of  the  Aduenturers.       Lib. 


.,      TEd.  by  J.  Smith, 
4-  L  July  16,4. 


[16201      John  Leuitt. 

Thomas  Fox  and  Luke  Lodge. 
Captaine  Richard  Linley. 
Arnold  Lulls. 
William  Lawrence. 
Iohn  Landman. 
Nicholas  Lichfield, 
Nicholas  Leate. 
Gedeon  de  Laune. 


M 

Philip  Earle  of  Montgomerie. 
Doctor    George    Mountaine, 

now      Lord     Bishop     of 

Lincolne. 
William   Lord    Mounteagle, 

now  Lord  Morley. 
Sir  Thomas  Mansell. 
Sir  Thomas  Mildmay. 
Sir  William  Maynard. 
Sir  Humfrey  May. 
Sir  Peter  Manhood, 
Sir  Iohn  Merrick. 
Sir  George  More. 
Sir  Robert  Mansell. 
Sir  Arthur  Mannering, 
Sir  Dauid  Murrey. 
Sir  Edward  Michelborn. 
Sir  Thomas  Middleton. 
Sir  Robert  Miller. 
Sir  Caualiero  Maicott. 
Doctor  lames  Meddus. 
Richard  Martin,  Esquire. 
Company  of  Mercers. 
Company  of  Merchant  Taylors. 
Otho  Mowdite. 
Captaine  Iohn  Martin. 
Arthur  Mouse. 
Adrian  More. 
Thomas  Mountford. 


Thomas  Morris. 
Ralph  Moorton. 
Francis  Mapes. 
Richard  Maplesden. 
lames  Monger. 
Peter  Monsell. 
Robert  Middleton 
Thomas  Maile. 
Iohn  Martin. 
Iosias  Maude. 
Richard  Morton. 
George  Mason. 
Thomas  Maddock. 
Richard  Moore. 
Nicholas  Moone. 
Alfonsus  van  Medkerk. 
Captaine  Henry  Meoles. 
Philip  Mutes. 
Thomas  Mayall. 
Humfrey  Marret. 
Iaruis  Mundz. 
Robert  Mildmay. 
William  Millet. 
Richard  Morer. 
Iohn  Miller. 
Thomas  Martin. 
Iohn  Middleton. 
Francis  Middleton. 

N 

Dudly,  Lord  North. 

Francis,  Lord  N orris. 

Sir  Henry  Neuill  of  Bark' 

shire. 
Thomas  Nicols. 
Christopher  Nicols. 
William  Nicols. 
George  Newce. 
Ioseph  Newberow. 
Christopher  Newgate 


M,byj{iySfe5.']  Lib.  4.     The  names  of  the  Aduenturers.  557 


Thomas  Norincott. 
Ionathan  Nuttall. 
Thomas  Norton. 


William  Oxenbridge,  Esquire. 
Robert  Offley. 
Francis  Oliuer. 


William,  Earle  of  Pembroke. 

William,  Lord  Paget. 

Iohn,  Lord  Petre. 

George  Percy,  Esquire, 

Sir  Christofer  Parkins. 

Sir  Amias  Preston. 

Sir  Nicholas  Parker. 

Sir  William  Poole. 

Sir  Stephen  Powell. 

Sir  Henry  Peyton. 

Sir  lames  Perrot. 

Sir  Iohn  Pettus. 

Sir  Robert  Payne. 

William  Payne. 

Iohn  Payne. 

Edward  Parkins. 

Edward  Parkins  his 

widow.  [136] 
Aden  Perkins. 
Thomas  Perkin. 
Richard  Partridge. 
William  Palmer. 
Miles  Palmer. 
Robert  Parkhurst. 
Richard  Perciuall,  Esquire. 
Richard  Poyntell. 
George  Pretty. 
George  Pit. 
Allen  Percy. 


A  braham  Peirce. 
Edmund  Peirce. 
Phenice  Pet. 
Thomas  Philips. 
Henry  Philpot. 
Master  George  Procter. 
Robert  Penington. 
Peter  Peate. 
Iohn  Prat. 
William  Powell. 
Edmund  Peashall. 
Captaine  William  Proude. 
Henry  Price. 
Nicholas  Pewriffe. 
Thomas  Pelham. 
Richard  Piggot. 
Iohn  Pawlet,  Esquire. 
Robert  Pory. 
Richard  Paulson. 


William  Quicke. 


[1620] 


R 


Sir  Robert  Rich,  now  Earle 

of  Warwicke. 
Sir  Thomas  Row. 
Sir  Henry  Rainsford. 
Sir  William  Romney. 
Sir  Iohn  Ratcliffe. 
Sir  Steuen  Ridlesdon. 
Sir  William  Russell. 
Master    Edward    Rotheram, 

Alderman. 
Robert  Rich. 
Tedder  Roberts. 
Henry  Robinson. 
Iohn  Russell. 
Richard  Rogers. 


55» 


The  names  of  the  Aduenturers.     Lib. 


A     TEd.  by  J.  Smith. 
4*    L  July  1624. 


[1620]      Arthur  Robinson. 
Robert  Robinson. 
Millicent  Ramsden. 
John  Robinson. 
George  Robins. 
Nichalas  Rainton. 
Henry  Rolffe. 
Iohn  Reignolds. 
Elias  Roberts. 
Henry  Reignolds,  Esquire. 
William  Roscarrocke,  Esquire. 
Humfrey  Raymell. 
Richard  Robins. 


Henry,  Earle  of  Southampton. 

Thomas,  Earle  of  Suffolke. 

Edward  Semer,  Earle  of 
Hartford. 

Robert,  Earle  of  Salisbury. 

Mary,  Countesse  of  Shrews- 
bury. 

Edmund,  Lord  Shejfeld. 

Robert,  Lord  Spencer. 

Iohn,  Lord  Stanhope. 

Sir  Iohn  Saint-Iohn. 

Sir  Thomas  Smith. 

Sir  Iohn  Samms. 

Sir  Iohn  Smith. 

Sir  Edwin  Sandys. 

Sir  Samuel  Sandys. 

Sir  Steuen  Some. 

Sir  Ra[l]ph  Shelton. 

Sir  Thomas  Stewkley. 

Sir  William  Saint-Iohn. 

Sir  William  Smith. 

Sir  Richard  Smith. 

Sir  Martin  Stuteuill. 

Sir  Nicolas  Salter. 


Doctor  Matthew  Sutcliffe 

Exeter. 
Captaine  Iohn  Smith. 
Thomas  Sandys,  Esquire. 
Henry  Sandys,  Esquire. 
George  Sandys,  Esquire. 
Company  of  Skinners. 
Company  of  Salters. 
Company  of  Stationers. 
Iohn  Stokley. 
Richard  S taper. 
Robert  Singleton. 
Thomas  Shipton. 
Cleophas  Smith. 
Richard  Strongtharm. 
Hildebrand  Spruson. 
Matthew  Scriuener. 
Othowell  Smith. 
George  Scot. 
Hewet  S tapers.  [137] 
lames  Swift. 
Richard  Stratford. 
Edmund  Smith. 
Robert  Smith. 
Matthias  Springham. 
Richard  Smith. 
Edward  Smith. 
Ionathan  Smith. 
Humfrey  Smith. 
Iohn  Smith. 
George  Swinhow. 
Ioseph  Some. 
William  Sheckley. 
Iohn  Southick. 
Henry  Shelley. 
Walter  Shelley. 
Richard  Snarsborow. 
George  Stone. 
Hugh  Shepley. 
William  Strachey. 
Vrion  Spencer. 


oj 


Ed'  byjuiy  3s£:]  ^1B-  4*      The  names  of  the  Aduenturers.  559 


Iohn  Scarpe. 
Thomas  Scott. 
William  Sharpe. 
Steuen  Sparrow. 
Thomas  Stokes. 
Richard  Shepard. 
Henry  Spranger. 
William  Stonnard. 
Steuen  Sad. 
Iohn  Stockley. 
Thomas  Steuens. 
Matthew  Shepard. 
Thomas  Sherwell. 
William  Seabright,  Esquire. 
Nicholas  Sherwell. 
Augustine  Steward. 
Thomas  Stile. 
Abraham  Speckhard. 
Edmund  Scot. 
Francis  Smalman. 
Gregory  Sprint,  Esquire. 
Thomas  Stacey. 
William  Sandbatch. 
Augustine  Stuard,  Esquire. 


Sir  William  Twisden. 
Sir  William  Throckmorton. 
Sir  Nicholas  Tufton. 
Sir  Iohn  Treuer. 
Sir  Thomas  Tracy. 
George  Thorpe,  Esquire. 
Doctor  William  Turner. 
The  Trinity  house. 
Richard  Turner, 
Iohn  Tauerner. 
Daniel  Tucker. 
Charles  Towler. 
William  Tayler. 
Leonard  Townson. 


Richard  Tomlins. 
Francis  Tate,  Esquire. 
Andrew  Troughton. 
George  Tucker. 
Henry  Timberlake. 
William  Tucker. 
Lewis  Tite. 
Robert  Thornton. 


Sir  Horatio  Vers. 
Sir  Walter  Vaughan. 
Henry  Vincent. 
Richard  Venne. 
Christopher  Vertue. 
Iohn  Vassell. 
Arthur  Venne. 

W 

Henry  Bishop  of  Worcester. 
Francis  West,  Esquire. 
Sir  Ralph  Winwood. 
Sir  Iohn  Wentworth. 
Sir  William  Waad. 
Sir  Robert  Wroth. 
Sir  Perciual  Willoby. 
Sir  Charles  Wilmott. 
Sir  Iohn  Wats. 
Sir  Hugh  Worrell. 
Sir  Edward  Waterhouse. 
Sir  Thomas  Wilsford. 
Sir  Richard  Williamson. 
Sir  Iohn  Wolstenholm. 
Sir  Thomas  Walsingham. 
Sir  Thomas  Watson. 
Sir  Thomas  Wilson. 
Sir  Iohn  Weld. 
Mistris  Katharine  West,  now 
Lady  Conway. 


[1620] 


560  The  names  of  the  Aduenturers.      Lib.  4. 


LEd.  by  J.  Smith. 
July  1624. 


L1620]     Iohn  Wroth,  Esquire. 

Captaine   Maria    Winckfield, 

Esquire. 
Thomas  Webb. 
Rice  Webb. 
Edward  Webb. 
Sands  Webb. 
Felix  Wilson. 
Thomas  White. 
Richard  Wiffen.   [138] 
William  Williamson. 
Humfrey  Westwood. 
Hugh  Willeston. 
Thomas  Wheatley. 
William  Wattey. 
William  Webster, 
lames  White. 
Edmund  Winne. 
Iohn  West. 
Iohn  Wright. 
Edward  Wooller. 
Thomas  Walker. 
Iohn  Wooller. 
Iohn  Westrow. 
Edward  Welch. 
Nathaniel  Waad. 
Richard  Widowes. 
Dauid  W ater house ,  Esquire. 
Captaine  Owen  Winne. 
Randall  Wetwood. 
George  Wilmer,  Esquire. 
Edward  Wilkes. 
Leonard  White. 
Andrew  Willmer, 


Clement  Willmer, 
George  Walker. 
William  Welbie. 
Francis  Whistler. 
Thomas  Wells. 
Captaine  Thomas  Winne. 
Iohn  Whittingham. 
Thomas  Wheeler. 
William  Willet. 
Deuereux  Woogam. 
Iohn  Walker. 
Thomas  Wood. 
Iohn  Willet. 
Nicholas  Wheeler, 
Thomas  Wale. 
William  Wilston. 
Iohn  Waller. 
William  Ward. 
William  Willeston. 
Iohn  Water. 
Thomas  Warr,  Esquire, 
Dauid  Wiffen. 
Garret  Weston. 


Sir    George     Yeardley,    now 

Gouernour  of  Virginia. 
William  Yong. 
Simon  Yeomans. 


Edward,  Lord  Zouch, 
Iohn  Zouch,  Esquire, 


^^Ip' Hat  most  generous  and  most  honour-  [1620-1] 
able  Lord,  the  Earle  of  Southampton, 
being  pleased  to  take  vpon  him  the 
title  of  Treasurer,  and  Master  Iohn 
Farrar  his  Deputy,  with  such  instruc- 
tions as  were  necessary,  and  admoni- 
tions to  all  Officers  to  take  heede  of 
extortion,  ingrosing  commodities,  fore- 
stalling of  markets,  especially  to  haue  a  vigilant  care,  the 
familiarity  of  the  Saluages  liuing  amongst  them  made 
them  not  [a]  way  to  betray  or  surprize  them,  for  the  building 
of  Guest-houses  [hospitals]  to  relieue  the  weake  in,  and  that 
they  did  wonder  in  all  this  time  they  had  made  no  dis- 
coueries,  nor  knew  no  more  then  the  very  place  whereon 
they  did  inhabit,  nor  yet  could  euer  see  any  returne  for  all 
this  continuall  charge  and  trouble ;  therefore  they  sent  to  be 
added  to  the  Councell  seuen  Gentlemen,  namely  Master 
Thorp,  Captaine  Nuce,  Master  Tracy,  Captaine  Middleton, 
Captaine  Blount,  Master  Iohn  Pountas,  and  Master  Harwood, 
with  men,  munition,  and  all  things  thought  fitting;  but  they 
write  from  Virginia,  many  of  the  Ships  were  so  pestred 
with  diseased  people,  and  throngedtogether  in  their  passage, 
there  was  much  sicknesse  and  a  great  mortality,  wherefore 
they  desired  rather  a  few  able  sufficient  men  well  prouided, 
then  great  multitudes. 

And  because  there  were  few  accidents  of  note,  but 
priuate  aduertisements  by  letters,  we  will  conclude  this 
yeere,  and  proceed  to  the  next. 

Collected  out  of  the  C ounce  Is  letters  for  Virginia. 

The  instructions  and  aduertisements  for  this  yeere  were  1621. 
both  from  England  and  Virginia,  much  like  the  last :  only 

36  ' 


562  [Extracts  from  Letters  from  Virginia. 


Ed.  by  J.  Smith. 
July  1624. 


[1621] 

The  Earle 
of  South- 
hampton 
Treasurer. 
Master 
John 
Farrar 
Deputy. 


The  elec- 
tion of  Sir 
Francis 
Wyat 
Gouernour 
for  Vir- 
ginia, 


Notes 

worthy 

obseruation. 


A  degres- 


whereas  before  they  had  euer  a  suspicion  of  Opechan- 
kanough,  and  all  the  rest  of  the  Saluages,  they  had  an 
eye  ouer  him  more  then  any  ;  but  now  they  all  write  so 
confidently  of  their  assured  peace  with  the  Saluages,  there 
is  now  no  more  feare  nor  danger  either  of  their  power  or 
trechery ;  so  that  euery  man  planteth  himselfe  where  he 
pleaseth,  and  followeth  his  businesse  securely. 

But  the  time  of  Sir  George  Yearley  being  neere  expired, 
the  Councel  here  [139]  made  choise  of  a  worthy  young 
Gentleman  Sir  Francis  Wyat  to  succeed  him,  whom  they 
forthwith  furnished  and  prouided,  as  they  had  done  his  Pre- 
decessors, with  all  the  necessary  instructions  all  these  times 
had  acquainted  them,  for  the  conuersion  of  the  Saluages ; 
the  suppressing  of  planting  Tobacco,  and  planting  of  Corne  ; 
not  depending  continually  to  be  supplied  by  the  Saluages, 
but  in  case  of  necessity  to  trade  with  them,  whom  long  ere 
this,  it  hath  beene  promised  and  expected  should  haue  beene 
fed  and  relieued  by  the  English,  not  the  English  by  them  ; 
and  carefully  to  redresse  all  the  complaints  of  the  needlesse 
mortality  of  their  people :  and  by  all  diligence  seeke  to 
send  something  home  to  satisfie  the  Aduenturers,  that  all 
this  time  had  only  liued  vpon  hopes,  [and]  grew  so  weary 
and  discouraged,  that  it  must  now  be  substance  that  must 
maintaine  their  proceedings,  and  not  letters,  excuses  and 
promises ;  seeing  they  could  get  so  much  and  such  great 
estates  for  themselues,  as  to  spend  after  the  rate  of  100. 
pounds,  2,  3,  4,  5,  6,  7,  8,  9,  10.  nay  some  2000.  or  3000. 
pounds  yearely,  that  were  not  worth  so  many  pence  when 
they  went  to  Virginia,  can  scarce  containe  themselues 
either  in  diet,  apparell,  gaming,  and  all  manner  of  such 
superfluity,  within  a  lesse  compasse  than  our  curious,  costly, 
and  consuming  Gallants  here  in  England,  which  c?nnot 
possibly  be  there  supported,  but  either  by  oppressing  the 
Comminalty there, or  deceiuingthe  generality  here  (or  both). 

Extracted  out  of  the  C  ounce  Is  Letters  for  Virginia. 

From  Virginia,  by  the  relations  of  the  Chieftains  there, 
and  many  I  haue  conferred  with,  that  came  from  thence 
hither;  I  haue  much  admired  to  heare  of  the  incredible 
pleasure,   profit  and  plenty  this   Plantation  doth  abound 


^'^/ni^S]  LlB-  4-     Master  Stockams  Relation.  563 

in,  and  yet  could  neuer  heare  of  any  returne  but  Tobacco  :  [1621] 
but  it  hath  oft  amazed  me  to  vnderstand  how  strangely 
the  Saluages  hath  beene  taught  the  vse  of  our  armes,  and 
imploied  in  hunting  and  fowling  with  our  fowling  peeces  ; 
and  our  men  rooting  in  the  ground  about  Tobacco  like 
Swine.  Besides,  that  the  Saluages  that  doe  little  but 
continually  exercise  their  bow  and  arrowes,  should  dwell 
and  lie  so  familiarly  amongst  our  men  that  practised  little 
but  the  Spade  ;  being  so  farre  asunder,  and  in  such  small 
parties  dispersed,  and  neither  Fort,  exercise  of  armes  vsed, 
Ordnances  mounted,  Courts  of  guard,  nor  any  preparation 
nor  prouision  to  preuent  a  forraine  enemy,  much  more  the 
Saluages  howsoeuer  :  for  the  Saluages  vncertaine  confor- 
mity I  doe  not  wonder;  but  for  their  constancy  and 
conuersion,  I  am  and  euer  haue  beene  of  the  opinion  of 
Master  Ionas  Stockam  a  Minister  in  Virginia,  who  euen  at 
this  time,  when  all  things  were  so  prosperous,  and  the 
Saluages  at  the  point  of  conuersion,  against  all  their 
Gouernours  and  Councels  opinions,  writ  to  the  Councell 
and  Company  in  England  to  this  effect. 

May  28    [1621]. 

E  that  haue  left  our  natiue  country  to  soiourne  fj^SLu 
in  a  strange  land,  some  idle  spectators,  who  relation, 
either  cowardly  dare  not,  or  couetously  will  not 
aduenture  either  their  purses  or  persons  in  so 
commendable  a  worke ;  others  supporting  Atlas  of  this 
ilmost  vnsupportable  burdens  as  your  selues,  without 
whose  assistance  this  Virginia  Firmament  (in  which 
some)  and  I  hope  in  short  time  will  shine  many  more 
glorious  Starres,  though  there  be  many  Italiannated  and 
Spaniolized  Englishmen  enuies  our  prosperities,  and  by 
all  their  ignominious  scandals  they  can  deuise  seekes  to 
dishearten  what  they  can,  those  that  are  willing  to  further 
this  glorious  enterprize,  to  such  I  wish  according  to  the 
decree  of  Darius,  that  whosoeuer  is  an  enemy  to  our 
peace,  and  seeketh  either  by  getting  monipolicall  paten[t]s, 
or  by  forging  vniust  tales  to  hinder  our  welfare,  that  his 
house  were  pulled  downe,  and  a  paire  of  gallowes  made  of 
the  wood,  and  he  hanged  on  them  in  the  place. 


564    Tht gouernment  of  Sir  Francis  Wyat.  Lib.  4.  [Rw;8Ji£iy  JSJ: 

[1621]  As  for  those  lasie  seruants,  who  had  rather  stand  all 

day  idle,  than  worke,  though  but  an  houre  in  this  Vine- 
yard ;  and  spend  their  substance  riotously,  than  cast  the 
superfluity  of  their  wealth  into  your  Treasury :  I  leaue 
them,  as  they  are,  to  the  eternall  Iudge  of  the  world. 

But  you,  right  worthy,  that  hath  aduentured  so  freely;  I 
[140]  will  not  examine,  if  it  were  for  the  glory  of  God,  or 
your  desire  of  gaine,  which,  it  maybe,  you  expect  should  flow 
vnto  you  with  a  full  tide ;  for  the  conuersion  of  the  Saluages : 
I  wonder  you  vse  not  the  meanes,  I  confesse  you  say  well 
to  haue  them  conuerted  by  faire  meanes,  but  they  scorne 
to  acknowledge  it ;  as  for  the  gifts  bestowed  on  them  they 
deuoure  them,  and  so  they  would  the  giuers  if  they  could  : 
and  though  they  haue  endeuoured  by  all  the  meanes  they 
could  by  kindnesse  to  conuert  them,  they  finde  nothing 
from  them  but  derision  and  ridiculous  answers. 

We  haue  sent  boies  amongst  them  to  learne  their 
Language,  but  they  returne  worse  than  they  went ;  but  I 
am  no  Statesman,  nor  loue  I  to  meddle  with  any  thing  but 
my  Bookes,  but  I  can  finde  no  probability  by  this  course 
to  draw  them  to  goodnesse  :  and  I  am  perswaded  if  Mars 
and  Minerua  goe  hand  in  hand,  they  will  effect  more  good 
in  an  houre,  then  those  verball  Mercurians  in  their  Hues ; 
and  till  their  Priests  and  Ancients  haue  their  throats  cut, 
there  is  no  hope  to  bring  them  to  conuersion. 

The  gouernment  of  Sir  Francis  Wyat. 

Bout  October  [1621]  arriued  Sir  Francis  Wyat,  with 

Master     George    Sand\y]s    [the   poet]  appointed 

Treasurer,  Master  Dauison  Secretary,  Doctor  Pot 

the  Physician,  and  Master  Cloyburne  the  Surgian ; 

but  much  [of  the]  prouision  was  very  badly  conditioned,  nay 

the  Hogs  would  not  eat  that  Come  they  brought,  which  was 

a  great  cause  of  their  sicknesse  and  mortality ;  and  what- 

soeuer  is  said  against  the    Virginia  Corne,  they  finde  it 

doth  better  nourish  than  any  prouision  is  sent  thither. 

The  Sailers  still  they  complaine  are  much  to  blame  for  im- 

besling  the  prouisions  sent  to  priuate  men,  killing  of  Swino, 

and  disorderly  trucking ;  for  which  some  order  would  be  taken. 

In  them  nine  Ships  that  went  with  Sir  Francis  Wyat 


Ed,bVu'i|T<SG  LlB-  4-  The  government  of  Sir  Francis  Wyat.  565 

not  one  Passenger  died.  At  his  arriuall  he  sent  Master  [1621] 
Thorpe  to  Opechancanough,  whom  hee  found  much  satisfied 
with '  his  comming,  to  confirme  their  leagues  as  he  had 
done  his  Predecessors,  and  so  contented  his  people  should 
coinhabit  amongst  them,  and  hee  found  more  motions  of 
Religion  in  him  than  could  be  imagined.  Euery  man 
betaking  himselfe  to  his  quarter,  it  was  ordered,  that  for 
euery headthey  should plantbut  1000.  Plants  of  Tobacco,  and 
vpon  each  plant  nine  leaues,  which  will  be  about  100.  weight 
[=112  lbs.] ;  the  Corne  being  appointed  but  at  two  shillings 
and  six  pence  the  bushell,  required  such  labour,  it  caused 
most  men  [to]  neglect  it,  and  depend  vpon  trade  :  where[as] 
were  it  rated  at  ten  shillings  the  bushell,  euery  man  would 
indeuour  to  haue  plenty  to  sell  to  the  new  commers,  or  any 
that  wanted ;  and  seldome  any  is  transported  from  England, 
but  it  standeth  in  as  much,  besides  the  hazard ;  and  other 
necessaries  the  Ships  might  transport  of  that  burden. 

The  22.  of  Nouember  [1621]  arriued  Master  Gookin  out  of  %™£*s 
Ireland,  with  fifty  men  of  his  owne,  and  thirty  Passengers,  Plantation 
exceedingly  well  furnished  with  all  sorts  of  prouision  and 
cattle,  and  planted  himselfe  at  Nupor[f]s-newes :  the  Cotton 
trees  in  a  yeere  grew  so  thicke  as  ones  arme,  and  so  high 
as  a  man :  here  any  thing  that  is  planted  doth  prosper  so 
well  as  in  no  place  better. 

For  the  mortality  of  the  people  accuse  not  the  place, 
for  of  the  old  Planters  and  the  families  scarce  one  of  twenty 
miscarries,  onely  the  want  of  necessaries  are  the  occasions 
of  those  diseases. 

And  so  wee  will  conclude  this  yeere  with  the  shipping 
and  numbers  sent. 

Out  of  the  Councels  Letters  from  Virginia. 

This  yeere  was  sent  one  and  twenty  saile  of  Ships  that  Thenumber 
imployed  more  than  400.  sailers  and  1300.  men,  women  men.ipsan 
and  children  of  diuers  faculties,  with  fourescore  cattle  ;  the 
Tiger  fell  in  the  Turkes  hands,  yet  safely  escaped:  and  by  the 
returne  of  their  letters  from  thence,  the  company  is  assured 
there  can  bee  no  fitter  places  of  Mines,  Wood  and  Water  for 
Iron  than  there  ;  and  the  French  men  affirme  no  Country 
is  more  proper  for  Vines,  Oliues,  Sike,  Rice  and  Salt,  &c. 
of  which  the  next  yeere  they  promise  a  good  quantity.  [141J 


[1621] 

Patents 
granted. 


GIFTS. 

Gifugiu«n.        jS^Gl^SSp^He  Gentlemen  and  Mariners  that  came 

in  the  Roy  all  lames  from  the  East-Indies, 
gaue  towards  the  building  of   a   free 
Schoole  70  pound,  eight  shillings,  and 
six  pence  ;    and  an  vnknowne  person 
to  further  it,  sent  thirtie  pounds;  and 
another  in  like  manner  hue  and  twentie 
pounds  ;  another  refusing  to  be  made 
knowne,  gaue  fortie  shillings  yeerely  for  a  Sermon  before 
the   Virginia  companie  :  also  another  that  would  not  be 
knowne,  sent  for  the  College  at  Henrico,  many  excellent 
good    religious    bookes,  worth   ten    pound,    and    a   most 
curious  Map  of  al  that  coast  of  America.     Master  Thomas 
Bargaue  their  Preacher  there  deceased,  gaue  a  Librarie 
valued  at  one  hundred  Markes  :  and  the  Inhabitants  hath 
made  a   contribution  of  one  thousand  and  hue  hundred 
pounds,  to  build  a  house  for  the  entertaining  of  strangers. 
This  yeere  [1621]  also  there  was  much  suing  for  Patents 
for    Plantations,  who  promised  to  transport   such   great 
multitudes  of  people :   there   was   much    disputing   con- 
cerning those  diuisions,  as  though  the  whole  land   had 
beene  too  little  for  them  :  six  and  twentie  obtained  their 
desires,  but  as  yet  not  past  six  hath  sent  thither  a  man  ; 
notwithstanding  many  of  them  would  haue  more,  and  are 
not  well  contented ;  whom  I  would  intreat,  and  all  other 
wranglers,  to  peruse  this  saying  of  honest  Claudius. 

See'st  not  the  world  of  Natures  worke,  the  fairest  well,  I  wot, 

How  it,  it  selfe  together  ties,  as  in  a  true-hues  knot. 

Nor  seest    how   th' Elements   ayre   combined,    maintaine   one 

constant  plea, 
How  midst  of  heauen  contents  the  Sunne,  and  shore  containes 

the  sea ; 
And  how  the  aire  both  compasseth,  and  carrieth  still  earths 

frame, 
Yet  neither  pressing  burdens  it,  nor  parting  leaues  the  same. 


The  Obseruations  of  Master  Iohn 

Pory  Secretarie  ^Virginia, 

in  his  trauels. 

Auing  but  ten  men  meanly  prouided, 
to  plant  the  Secretaries  land  on  the 
Easterne  shore  neere  Acomack  (Cap- 
taine  Wilcocks  plantation),  the  better 
to  secure  and  assist  each  other.  Sir 
George  Yearley  intending  to  visit  Smiths 
lies,  fell  so  sicke  that  he  could  not,  so 
that  he  sent  me  with  Estinien  Moll  a 
French-man,  to  finde  a  conuenient  place  to  make  salt  in. 
Not  long  after  Namenacus  the  King  of  Pawtuxunt,  came 
to  vs  to  seeke  for  Thomas  Saluage  our  Interpreter.  Thus 
insinuating  himselfe,  he  led  vs  into  a  thicket,  where  all 
sitting  downe,  he  shewed  vs  his  naked  brest ;  asking  if  we 
saw  any  deformitie  vpon  it,  we  told  him,  No ;  No  more, 
said  hee,  is  the  inside,  but  as  sincere  and  pure ;  therefore 
come  freely  to  my  Countrie  and  welcome  :  which  wee 
promised  wee  would  within  six  weekes  after.  Hauing 
taken  a  muster  of  the  companies  tenants;  I  went  to  Smiths 
lies,  where  was  our  Salt-house :  not  farre  off  wee  found  a 
more  conuenient  place,  and  so  returned  to  lames  towne. 

Being  furnished  the  second  time,  wee  arriued  at  Aquo- 
hanock,  and  conferred  with  Kiptopeke  their  King.  Passing 
Russels  He  and  Onaucoke,  we  arriued  at  Pawtuxunt:  the 
discription  of  those  places,  you  may  reade  in  Captaine 
Smiths  discoueries,  therefore  needlesse  to  bee  writ  againe 
[pp.  no,  119,  348,  413,  424]. 

But  here  arriuing  at  Attoughcomoco  the  habitation  of 
Namenacus,  and  Wamanato  his  brother,  long  wee  staied  not 
ere  they  came  aboord  vs  with  a  brasse  Kettle,  as  bright 
without  as  within,  ful  of  boyled  Oisters.     Strict  order  was 


[1621] 

My  iourney 
to  the 

Easterne 
shore. 


A  good 
place  to 
make  salt 


The  King 
of  Paw- 
t\u\xuntt 
entertain* 
menu 


568      The  obseruations  of  Master  Iohn  Pory.    Lib.  4.  [J-*gJ; 

U621]  giuen  none  should  offend  vs,  so  that  the  next  day  I  went 
with  the  two  Kings  a  hunting,  to  discouer  what  I  could  in 
their  confines.  Wamanato  brought  mee  first  to  his  house, 
where  hee  shewed  mee  his  wife  and  children,  and  many 
Corne-fields ;  and  being  two  miles  within  the  woods  a 
hunting,  as  the  younger  conducted  me  forth,  so  the  elder 
brought  me  home,  and  [142]  vsed  me  as  kindly  as  he 
could,  after  their  manner.  The  next  day,  he  presented  me 
twelue  Beuer  skinnes  and  a  Canow,  which  I  requited  with 
such  things  to  his  content,  that  he  promised  to  keepe 
them  whilst  hee  liued,  and  burie  them  with  him  being  dead. 
Hee  much  wondered  at  our  Bible,  but  much  more  to  heare 
it  was  the  Law  of  our  God,  and  the  first  Chapter  of  Ge?iesis 
expounded  of  Adam  and  Eue,  and  simple  mariage;  to  which 
he  replyed,  hee  was  like  Adam  in  one  thing,  for  he  neuer 
had  but  one  wife  at  once :  but  he,  as  all  the  rest,  seemed 
more  willing  of  other  discourses  they  better  vnderstood. 

The  next  day,  the  two  Kings  with  their  people,  came 
aboordvs,but  brought  nothing  according  to  promise;  so  that 
Ensigne  Saluage  challenged  Namenacus  [with]  the  breach  of 
three  promises,  w>.  not  in  giuing him  a  Boy, nor  Corne  though 
they  had  plentie,  nor  Moutapass  (a  fugitiue  called  Robert 
Marcum,  that  had  liued  5.  yeeres  [1616-1621]  amongst  those 
northerlynations) :  which  heecunninglyansweredbyexcuses. 

Womanato  it  seemes,  was  guiltlesse  of  this  falshood, 
because  hee  staied  alone  when  the  rest  were  gone.  I  asked 
him  if  he  desired  to  bee  great  and  rich ;  he  answered, 
They  were  things  all  men  aspired  vnto  :  which  I  told  him 
he  should  be,  if  he  would  follow  my  counsell,  so  he  gaue 
me  two  tokens,  which  being  returned  by  a  messenger, 
should  suffice  to  make  him  confident  the  messenger  could 
not  abuse  vs.  Some  things  being  stolne  from  vs,  he  tooke 
such  order  that  they  were  presently  restored,  then  we 
interchanged  presents :  in  all  things  hee  much  admired 
our  discretions,  and  gaue  vs  a  guide  that  hee  called  brother, 
to  conduct  vs  vp  the  Riuer:  by  the  way  we  met  with 
diuers  that  stil  tould  vs  of  Marcum :  and  though  it  was 
in  October  [162 1],  we  found  the  Countrie  very  hot,  and 
their  Corne  gathered  before  ours  at  lames  towne. 

The  next  day, wewent  to Paccamaganant,  andtheydirected 
vs  to  Assacomoco,  where  their  King  Cassatowap  had  an  old 


Ed,byjuiys^4.']  Lib.  4.       The  trecherie  of  Namanicus.  569 

quarrell  with  Ensigne  Saluage,  but  now  seeming  reconciled,  [1621 
went  with  vs,  with  another  Werowance,  towards  Mattapa-  ™*herie 
nient,  where  they  perswaded  vs  ashore  vpon  the  point  of  a  otNammu 
thicket ;  but  supposing  it  some  trecherie,  we  returned  to  our  cut' 
boat :  farre  we  had  not  gone  from  the  shore,  but  a  multitude 
of  Saluages  sallied  out  of  the  wood,  with  all  the  ill  words 
and  signes  of  hostilitie  they  could.  When  wee  saw  plainly 
their  bad  intent,  wee  set  the  two  Werowances  at  libertie,that 
all  this  while  had  line  [lain]  in  the  Cabbin,  as  not  taking 
any  notice  of  their  villanie,  because  we  would  conuert 
them  by  courtesie.  Leauing  them  as  we  found  them,  very 
ciuill  and  subtill ;  wee  returned  the  same  way  wee  came 
to  the  laughing  Kings  on  the  Easterne  shore,  who  told  vs 
plainly,  Namanicus  would  also  haue  allured  him  into  his 
Countrie,  vnder  colour  of  trade,  to  cut  his  throat.  Hee 
told  vs  also  Opechancanough  had  imployed  Onianimo  to  kill 
Saluage ;  because  he  brought  the  trade  from  him  to  the 
Easterne  shore,  and  some  disgrace  hee  had  done  his  sonne 
and  some  thirteene  of  his  people  before  one  hundred  of 
those  Easterlings  [Indians  on  the  eastern  shore  of  Chesapeake 
Bay],  in  rescuing  Thomas  Graues  whom  they  would  haue 
slaine :  where  hee  and  three  more  did  challenge  the  thirteene 
Pamavnkes  to  fight,  but  they  durst  not ;  so  that  all  those 
Easterlings  so  derided  them,  that  they  came  there  no  more. 

This  Thomas  Saluage,  it  is  sixteene  yeeres[Y.£.,  1608-1624]  JJ^'" 
since  he  went  to  Virginia,  being  a  boy  [He  arrived  with  good 
Captain  Newport  on  8  Jan.  1608,  see  pp.  100,  102,  108],  hee  sermce" 
was   left   with   Powhatan  for  Namontacke,   to   learne  the  [>-ptO 
language :    and  as   this  Author  [J.  Pory]  affirmeth,  with 
much  honestie  and  good  successe  hath  serued  the  publike 
without  any  publike  recompence,  yet  had  an  arrow  shot 
through  his  body  in  their  seruice. 

This  laughing  King  at  Accomack,  tels  vs  the  land  is  not 
two  daies  iourny  ouer  in  the  broadest  place,  but  in  some 
places  a  man  may  goe  in  halfe  a  day,  betwixt  the  Bay 
and  the  maine  Ocean,  where  inhabit  many  people  ;  so  that 
by  the  narrownesse  of  the  Land  there  is  not  many  Deere, 
but  most  abundance  of  Fish  and  Fowle.  Kiptop[ek]e  his 
brother  rules  as  his  Lieutenant,  who  seeing  his  younger 
brother  more  affected  by  the  people  than  himselfe,  freely 


5  jo  Captaine  Each  sent  to  build  a  Fort.      Lib.  4.  [J-  fgj* 


r1621-2]  resigned  him  the  moitie  of  his  Countrie,  applying  himselfe 
onely  to  husbandry  and  hunting,  yet  nothing  neglected  in 
his  degree  ;  nor  is  hee  carelesse  of  any  thing  concernes 
the  state,  but  as  a  vigilant  and  faithfull  Counceller,  as 
hee  is  an  affectionated  [143]  Brother,  bearing  the  greater 
burden  in  gouernment,  though  the  lesser  honour:  where 
cleane  contrary  they  on  the  Westerne  shore,  the  younger 
beares  the  charge,  and  the  elder  the  dignitie.  Those  are  the 
best  husbands  [providers]  of  any  Saluages  we  know:  for  they 
prouide  Corne  to  serue  them  all  the  yeare,  yet  spare  ;  and 
the  other  not  for  halfe  the  yeare,  yet  want.  They  are  the 
most  ciuill  and  tractable  people  we  haue  met  with;  and  by 
little  sticks  will  keepe  as  iust  an  account  of  their  promises, 
as  by  a  tally.  In  their  manages  they  obserue  a  large 
distance,  as  well  in  affinitie  as  consanguinitie ;  nor  doe 
[//•  77. 373]  they  vse  that  deuilish  custome  in  making  black  Boyes. 

There  may  be  on  this  shore  about  two  thousand  people  : 
they  on  the  West  would  inuade  them,  but  that  they 
want  Boats  to  crosse  the  Bay ;  and  so  would  diuers  other 
Nations,  were  they  not  protected  by  vs.  A  few  of  the 
Westerly  Runnagados  had  conspired  against  the  laughing 
King:  but  fearing  their  treason  was  discouered,  fled  to 
Smiths  lies,  where  they  made  a  massacre  of  Deere  and 
Hogges ;  and  thence  to  Rickakfke,  betwixt  Cissapeack  and 
Nanscwiund,  where  they  now  are  seated  vnder  the  command 
of  Itoyatin. 

•  And  so  I  returned  to  lames  Towne,  where  I  found  the 
gouernment  rendred  [Oct.  1621]  to  Sir  Francis  Wyat. 

In  February  [1622]  also  he  trauelled  to  the  South  Riuer 
Chawonock,  some  sixtie  miles  ouer  land ;  which  he  found  to  be 
a  very  fruitfull  and  pleasant  Country,  yeelding  two  haruests 
in  a  yeare,  and  found  much  of  the  Silke  grasse  formerly 
spoken  of,  was  kindly  vsed  by  the  people,  and  so  returned. 

Captaine  Each  sent  to  build  a  Fort  to  secure 

the  Countrey. 

T  was  no  small  content  to  all  the  Aduenturers 
to  heare  of  the  safe  ariuall  of  all  those  ships 
and  companies,  which  was  thought  sufficient  to 
haue   made  a   Plantation  of  themselues :   and 


ld,byj£iy?624.]  Lib.  4.    Captaine  Each  sent  to  build  a  Fort.     571 

againe  to  second  them,  was  sent  Captaine  Each  in  the      [1622] 
Abigale,  a  ship  of  three  or  foure  hundred  tunnes,  who  hath  gjrJJJr 
vndertaken  to  make  a  Block-house  amongst  the  Oyster 
banks,  that  shall  secure  the  Riuer.     The  furnishing  him 
with   Instruments,  cost  three  hundred  pounds ;  but  the 
whole  charge  and  the  ships  returne,  will  be  neere  two 
thousand  pounds.     In  her  went  Captaine  Barwicke  with 
fiue  and  twentie  men  for  the  building  ships  and  Boats,   Fiueand 
and  not  other  waies  to  be  imploied  :  and  also  a  selected  onfyto sem 
number  to  build  the  East  Indie  Schoole,  but  as  yet  from  and^ats* 
Virginia  little  returnes  but  priuate  mens  Tobacco,   and 
faire  promises  of  plentie  of  Iron,  Silke,  Wine,  and  many 
other  good   and    rich    commodities,    besides   the   speedy 
conuersion  of  the  Saluages,  that  at  first  were  much  dis- 
couraged  from   liuing   amongst   them,    when   they   were 
debarred  the  vse  of  their  peeces ;  therefore  it  was  disputed 
as  a  matter  of  State,  whether  such  as  would  Hue  amongst 
them  should  vse  them  or  not,  as  a  bait  to  allure  them  ;  or 
at  least  such  as  should  bee  called  to  the  knowledge  of 
Christ. 

But  because  it  was  a  great  trouble  for  all  causes  to 
be  brought  to  lames  Towne  for  a  triall,  Courts  were 
appointed  in  conuenient  places  to  releeue  them :  but  as 
they  can  make  no  Lawes  in  Virginia  till  they  be  ratified 
here ;  so  they  thinke  it  but  reason,  none  should  bee  inacted 
here  without  their  consents,  because  they  onely  feele  them, 
and  must  Hue  vnder  them. 

Still  they  complaine  for  want  of  Corne,  but  what  must 
be  had  by  Trade,  and  how  vnwilling  any  Officer  when  he 
leaueth  his  place,  is  to  make  good  his  number  of  men  to 
his  Successor,  but  many  of  them  during  their  times  to 
help  themselues,  vndoes  the  Company :  for  the  seruants 
you  allow  them,  or  such  as  they  hire,  they  plant  on  their 
priuate  Lands,  not  vpon  that  belongeth  to  their  office, 
which  crop  alwaies  exceeds  yours,  besides  those  which 
are  your  tenants  to  halfes,  are  forced  to  row  them  vp  and 
downe,  whereby  both  you  and  they  lose  more  then  halfe. 
Nor  are  those  officers  the  ablest  or  best  deseruing,  but 
make  their  experience  vpon  the  companies  cost,  and  your 
land  lies  vnmanured  to  any  purpose,  and  will  yeeld  as 
little  profit  to  your  next  new  officers.  [144] 


[1622] 

The  death 
oiNem ... 
tanoiu, 
writ  by 
Master 
Wimp. 


The  massacre  vpon  the  two  and 

twentieth  of  March   [1622]. 

y  He  Prologue  to  this  Tragedy,  is  sup- 
posed was  occasioned  by  Nemattanow, 
otherwise  called  lack  of  the  Feather, 
because  hee  commonly  was  most 
strangely  adorned  with  them  ;  and  for 
his  courage  and  policy,  was  accounted 
amongst  the  Saluages  their  chiefe 
Captaine,  and  immortall  from  any  hurt 
could  bee  done  him  by  theEnglish.  This  Captaine  comming 
to  one  Morgans  house  [in  March  1622],  knowing  he  had  many 
commodities  that  hee  desired,  perswaded  Morgan  togoe  with 
him  to  Pamau[n]ke  to  trucke,  but  the  Saluage  murdered  him 
by  the  way ;  and  after  two  or  three  daies  returned  againe  to 
Morgans  house,  where  he  found  two  youths  his  Seruants, 
who  asked  for  their  Master :  lack  replied  directly  he  was 
dead ;  the  Boyes  suspecting  as  it  was,  by  seeing  him 
weare  his  Cap,  would  haue  had  him  to  Master  Thorp : 
But  lack  so  moued  their  patience,  they  shot  him ;  so  he 
fell  to  the  ground,  [they]  put  him  in  a  Boat  to  haue  him 
before  the  Gouernor,  then  seuen  or  eight  miles  from  them. 
But  by  the  way  lack  finding  the  pangs  of  death  vpon  him, 
desired  of  the  Boyes  two  things  :  the  one  was,  that  they 
would  not  make  it  knowne  hee  was  slaine  with  a  bullet ; 
the  other,  to  bury  him  amongst  the  English. 

At  the  losse  of  this  Saluage,  Opechankanough  much 
grieued  and  repined,  with  great  threats  of  reuenge ;  but 
the  English  returned  him  such  terrible  answers,  that  he 
cunningly  dissembled  his  intent,  with  the  greatest  signes 


Ed.byj.smith.-j  LlB#  4>      A  relation  of  the  massacre.  573 

he  could  of  loue  and  peace:  yet  within  fourteene  daies      [1622] 
after  he  acted  what  followeth. 

Sir  Francis  Wyat  at  his  arriuall  [Oct.  1621]  was  aduer-  ^urityJ 
tised,  he  found  the  Countrey  setled  in  such  a  firme  peace,  ^^ 
as  most  men  there  thought  sure  and  vnuiolable,  not  onely 
in  regard  of  their  promises,  but  of  a  necessitie.  The  poore 
weake  Saluages  being  euery  way  bettered  by  vs,  and 
safely  sheltred  and  defended,  whereby  wee  might  freely 
follow  our  businesse  :  and  such  was  the  conceit  of  this 
conceited  peace,  as  that  there  was  seldome  or  neuer  a 
sword,  and  seldomer  a  peece  [used],  except  for  a  Deere  or 
Fowle;  by  which  assurances  the  most  plantations  were 
placed  straglingly  and  scatteringly,  as  a  choice  veine  of 
rich  ground  inuited  them,  and  further  from  neighbours  the 
better.  Their  houses  [were]  generally  open  to  the  Saluages, 
who  were  alwaies  friendly  fed  at  their  tables,  and  lodged  in 
their  bed-chambers;  which  made  the  way  plaine  to  effect  their 
intents,  and  the  conuersionof  the  Saluages  as  they  supposed. 

Hauing  occasion  to  send  to  Opechankanough  about  the 
middle  of  March,  hee  vsed  the  Messenger  well,  and  told 
him  he  held  the  peace  so  firme,  the  sky  should  fall  or  he 
dissolued  it ;  yet  such  was  the  treachery  of  those  people, 
when  they  had  contriued  our  destruction,  euen  but  two 
daies  before  the  massacre,  they  guided  our  men  with 
much  kindnesse  thorow  the  woods,  and  one  Browne  that 
liued  among  them  to  learne  the  language,  they  sent  home 
to  his  Master.  Yea,  they  borrowed  our  Boats  to  transport 
themselues  ouer  the  Riuer,  to  consult  on  the  deuillish 
murder  that  insued,  and  of  our  vtter  extirpation,  which 
God  of  his  mercy  (by  the  meanes  of  one  of  themselues 
conuerted  to  Christianitie)  preuented ;  and  as  well  on 
the  Friday  morning  that  fatall  day,  being  the  two  and  The  manna 
twentieth  of  March  [1622],  as  also  in  the  euening  before, 
as  at  other  times  they  came  vnarmed  into  our  houses,  with 
Deere,  Turkies,  Fish,  Fruits,  and  other  prouisions  to  sell 
vs :  yea  in  some  places  sat  downe  at  breakfast  with  our 
people,  whom  immediatly  with  their  owne  tooles  they 
slew  most  barbarously,  not  sparing  either  age  or  sex, 
man  woman  or  childe  ;  so  sudden  in  their  execution,  that 


massacre. 


574  A  relation  of  the  massacre.       Lib.  4.  [    ? 

[1622]  few  or  none  discerned  the  weapon  or  blow  that  brought 
them  to  destruction.  In  which  manner  also  they  slew 
many  of  our  people  at  seuerall  works  in  the  fields,  well 
knowing  in  what  places  and  quarters  each  of  our  men 
were,  in  regard  of  their  familiaritie  with  vs,  for  the  effecting 
that  great  master-peece  of  worke  their  conuersion :  and  by 
this  meanes  fell  that  fatall  morning  vnder  the  bloudy  and 
barbarous  hands  of  that  perfidious  [145]  and  inhumane 
people,  three  hundred  forty  seuen  men,  women  and  children ; 
most[l]y  by  their  owne  weapons;  and  not  being  content  with 
their  Hues,  they  fell  againe  vpon  the  dead  bodies,  making  as 
well  as  they  could  a  fresh  murder,  defacing,  dragging,  and 
mangling  their  dead  carkases  into  many  peeces,and  carrying 
some  parts  away  in  derision,  with  base  and  brutish  triumph. 
Their  Neither  yet  did  these  beasts  spare  those  amongst  the 

crudty.  rest  wejj  knowne  vnt0  them,  from  whom  they  had  daily 
receiued  many  benefits;  but  spightfully  also  massacred 
them  without  any  remorse  or  pitie  :  being  in  this  more 
fell  then  Lions  and  Dragons,  as  Histories  record,  which 
haue  preserued  their  Benefactors ;  such  is  the  force  of 
good  deeds,  though  done  to  cruell  beasts,  to  take  humanitie 
vpon  them,  but  these  miscreants  put  on  a  more  vnnaturall 
brutishnesse  then  beasts,  as  by  those  instances  may  appeare. 

?M«urdcr  That  worthy  religious  Gentleman  Master  George  Thorp, 
TActf'*  Deputie  to  the  College  lands,  sometimes  one  of  his  Ma- 
iesties  Pensioners,  and  in  command  one  of  the  principall 
in  Virginia;  did  so  truly  effect  [affect]  their  conuersion,  that 
whosoeuer  vnder  him  did  them  the  least  displeasure,  were 
punished  seuerely.  He  thought  nothing  too  deare  for 
them,  he  neuer  denied  them  any  thing ;  in  so  much  that 
when  they  complained  that  our  Mastiues  did  feare  them, 
he  to  content  them  in  all  things,  caused  some  of  them  to 
be  killed  in  their  presence,  to  the  great  displeasure  of  the 
owners,  and  would  haue  had  all  the  rest  guelt  to  make 
them  the  milder,  might  he  haue  had  his  will.  The  King 
dwelling  but  in  a  Cottage,  he  built  him  a  faire  house  after 
the  English  fashion :  in  which  he  tooke  such  pleasure, 
especially  in  the  locke  and  key,  which  he  so  admired, 
as  locking  and  vnlocking  his  doore  a  hundred  times  a  day, 
he  thought  no  deuice  in  the  world  comparable  to  it. 


Ed.  by  J.  Smith.  1 
1622.J 


Lib.  4.     A  relation  of  the  massacre. 


575 


Thus  insinuating  himselfe  into  this  Kings  fauour  for  his 
religious  purpose,  he  conferred  oft  with  him  about  Re- 
ligion, as  many  other  in  this  former  Discourse  had  done : 
and  this  Pagan  confessed  to  him  (as  he  did  to  them)  our 
God  was  better  then  theirs,  and  seemed  to  be  much 
pleased  with  that  Discourse,  and  of  his  company,  and  to 
requite  all  those  courtesies ;  yet  this  viperous  brood  did, 
as  the  sequell  shewed,  not  onely  murder  him,  but  with 
such  spight  and  scorne  abused  his  dead  corps  as  is  vn- 
fitting  to  be  heard  with  ciuill  eares.  One  thing  I  cannot 
omit,  that  when  this  good  Gentleman  vpon  his  fatall 
houre,  was  warned  by  his  man,  who  perceiuing  some 
treachery  intended  by  those  hell-hounds,  to  looke  to  him- 
selfe, and  withall  ran  away  for  feare  he  should  be  appre- 
hended, and  so  saued  his  owne  life ;  yet  his  Master  out  of 
his  good  meaning  was  so  void  of  suspition  and  full  of  con- 
fidence, they  had  slaine  him,  or  he  could  or  would  beleeue 
they  would  hurt  him. 


[1622] 


Captaine  Nathaniel  Powell  one  of  the  first  Planters,  a 
valiant  Souldier,  and  not  any  in  the  Countrey  better 
knowne  amongst  them;  yet  such  was  the  error  of  an  ouer- 
conceited  power  and  prosperitie,  and  their  simplicities, 
they  not  onely  slew  him  and  his  family,  but  butcher-like 
hagled  their  bodies,  and  cut  off  his  head,  to  expresse  their 
vttermost  height  of  cruelty. 

Another  of  the  old  company  of  Captaine  Smithy  called 
Nathaniel  Causie,  being  cruelly  wounded,  and  the  Saluages 
about  him,  with  an  axe  did  cleaue  one  of  their  heads,  whereby 
the  rest  fled  and  he  escaped  :  for  they  hurt  not  any  that  did 
either  fight  or  stand  vpon  their  guard.  In  one  place,  where 
there  was  but  two  men  that  had  warning  of  it,  [they] 
defended  the  house  against  sixty  or  more  that  assaulted  it. 

Master  Baldwine  at  Warraskoyack,  his  wife  being  so 
wounded,  she  lay  for  dead ;  yet  by  his  oft  discharging  of  his 
peece,  [he]  saued  her,  his  house,  himselfe,  and  diuers  others. 

At  the  same  time  they  came  to  one  Master H arisons  house, 
neere  halfe  a  mile  from  Baldwines,  where  was  Master 
Thomas  Hamer  with  six  men,  and  eighteene  or  nineteene 
women  and  children.  Here  the  Saluages  with  many  presents 
and  faire  perswasions,  fained  they  came  for  Captaine  Ralfe 


The 

slaughter  of 
Captaine 
Powell. 


[>.  885.] 
A  Saluage 
slaine. 


Master 

Baldwines 

escape. 


Master 
Thomas 
Hamer 
with  33 

escapeth. 


576  A  relation  of  the  massacre.  Lib.  4.  [   t 

[1622]  Earner  to  go  to  their  King,  then  hunting  in  the  woods : 
presently  they  sent  to  him,  but  he  not  comming  as  they 
expected,  [they]  set  fire  of  a  Tobacco-house,  and  then  came 
to  tell  them  in  the  dwelling  house  of  it  to  quench  it ;  all  the 
men  ran  towards  it  but  Master  Hamer,  not  suspecting  any 
thing,  whom  [146]  the  Saluages  pursued,  [and]  shot  them 
full  of  arrowes,  then  beat  out  their  braines.  Hamer  hauing 
finished  a  letter  hee  was  a  writing,  followed  after  to  see 
what  was  the  matter,  but  quickly  they  shot  an  arrow  in 
his  back,  which  caused  him  returne  and  barricado  vp  the 
doores,  whereupon  the  Saluages  set  fire  on  the  house. 

Harisons  Boy  finding  hisMasters  peece  loaded,  discharged 

it  at  randome,  at  which  bare  report  the  Saluages  all  fled, 

Baldwin  still   discharging  his  peece,  and  Master  Hamer 

with  two  and  twentie  persons  thereby  got  to  his  house, 

leauing  their  owne  burning.      In  like  manner,  they  had 

fired  Lieutenant  Basse  his  house,  with  all  the  rest  there 

about,  slaine  the  people,  and  so  left  that  Plantation. 

Captaine  Captaine  Hamer  all  this  while  not  knowing  any  thing, 

Hamer       comming  to  his  Brother  that  had  sent  for  him  to  go  hunt 

SS/Sir     witn  tne  King,  meeting  the  Saluages  chasing  some,  [who] 

yet  escaped,  retired  to  his  new   house   then  a  building, 

from  whence  he  came ;  there  onely  with  spades,  axes,  and 

brickbats,  he  defended  himselfe  and  his  Company  till  the 

Saluages  departed. 

Not  long  after,  the  Master  from  the  ship  had  sent 
six  Musketiers,  with  which  he  recouered  their  Merchants 
store-house,  where  he  armed  ten  more  ;  and  so  with  thirtie 
more  vnarmed  workmen,  found  his  Brother  and  the  rest 
at  Baldwins. 

Now  seeing  all  they  had  was  burnt  and  consumed,  they 
repaired  to  lames  Towne  with  their  best  expedition  ;  yet 
not  far  from  Martins  hundred,  where  seuenty  three  were 
slaine,  was  a  little  house  and  a  small  family,  that  heard 
not  of  any  of  this  till  two  daies  after. 

All  those,  and  many  others  whom  they  haue  as  mali- 
ciously murdered,  sought  the  good  of  those  poore  brutes, 
that  thus  despising  Gods  mercies,  must  needs  now  as  mis- 
creants be  corrected  by  Iustice  :  to  which  leauing  them, 
I  will  knit  together  the  thred  of  this  discourse. 


Ed.  by  j.  smith. j  Lib.  4.     A  relation  of  the  massacre.  577 

At  the  time  of  the  massacre,  there  were  three  or  foure  ships      [1622J 
in  lames  Riuer,  and  one  in  the  next;  and  daily  more  to  come   Jhe 
in,  as  there  did  within  foureteene  daies  after;  one  of  which  auempuo 
they  indeuoured  to  haue  surprised  :  yet  were  the  hearts  of  shiJT*** 
the  English  euer  stupid,  and  auerted  from  beleeuing  any 
thing  might  weaken  their  hopes,  to  win  them  by  kinde 
vsage  to  Christianitie. 

But  diuers  write  from  thence,  that  Almighty  God  hath 
his  great  worke  in  this  Tragedy,  and  will  thereout  draw 
honor  and  glory  to  his  name,  and  a  more  flourishing  estate 
and  safetie  to  themselues,  and  with  more  speed  to  conuert 
the  Saluage  children  to  himselfe,  since  he  so  miraculously 
hath  preserued  the  English ;  there  being  yet,  God  be 
praised,  eleuen  parts  of  twelue  [*'.£.,  347  X  11=3817]  re- 
maining, whose  carelesse  neglect  of  their  owne  safeties, 
seemes  to  haue  beene  the  greatest  cause  of  their  destruc- 
tions :  yet  you  see,  God  by  a  conuerted  Saluage  that 
disclosed  the  plot,  saued  the  rest,  and  the  Pinnace  then  in 
Pamavnkes  Riuer,  whereof  (say  they)  though  our  sinnes  made 
vs  vnworthy  of  so  glorious  a  conuersion,  yet  his  infinite 
wisdome  can  neuerthelesse  bring  it  to  passe,  and  in  good 
time,  by  such  meanes  as  we  thinke  most  vnlikely:  for  in  the 
deliuery  of  them  that  suruiue,  no  mans  particular  carefulnesse 
saued  one  person,  but  the  meere  goodnesse  of  God  him- 
selfe, freely  and  miraculously  preseruing  whom  he  pleased. 

The  Letters  of  Master  George  Sand[y]s,  a  worthy  Gentle- 
man, and  many  others  besides  them  returned,  brought  vs 
this  vnwelcome  newes,  that  hath  beene  heard  at  large  in 
publike  Court,  that  the  Indians  and  they  liued  as  one 
Nation :  yet  by  a  generall  combination  in  one  day  plotted 
to  subuert  the  whole  Colony,  and  at  one  instant,  though 
our  seuerall  Plantations  were  one  hundred  and  fortie 
miles  vp  on  [the]  Riuer  on  both  sides. 

But  for  the  better  vnderstanding  of  all  things,  you  must 
remember  these  wilde  naked  natiues  Hue  not  in  great 
numbers  together;  but  dispersed,  commonly  in  thirtie, 
fortie,  fiftie,  or  sixtie  in  a  company.  Some  places  haue 
two  hundred,  few  places  more,  but  many  lesse ;  yet  they 
had  all  warning  giuen  them  one  from  another  in  all  their 
habitations,  though  farre  asunder,  to  meet  at  the  day  and 
houre   appointed   for   our   destruction  at  al  our  seueraJ 

37 


578 


How  Pace  discouered  the  massacre.       Lib.  4.  [    ? 


[1622] 


Six  of  the 
Councell 


How  it  was 
rouealed. 


l>.  567O 


Memoran- 


Plantations  ;  some  directed  to  one  place,  some  to  another, 
all  to  be  done  at  the  time  appointed,  which  they  did 
accordingly.  Some  entring  their  houses  vnder  colour  of 
trading,  so  tooke  their  [147]  aduantage  ;  others  drawing 
vs  abroad  vnder  faire  pretences;  and  the  rest  suddenly 
falling  vpon  those  that  were  at  their  labours. 

Six  of  the  counsell  suffered  vnder  this  treason,  and  the 
slaughter  had  beene  vniuersall,  if  God  had  not  put  it  into 
the  heart  of  an  Indian,  who  lying  in  the  house  of  one  Pace, 
was  vrged  by  another  Indian  his  Brother,  that  lay  with 
him  the  night  before,  to  kill  Pace,  as  he  should  doe  Perry 
which  was  his  friend,  being  so  commanded  from  their 
King :  telling  him  also  how  the  next  day  the  execution 
should  be  finished.  Perrys  Indian  presently  arose  and 
reueales  it  to  Pace,  that  vsed  him  as  his  sonne  ;  and  thus 
them  that  escaped  was  saued  by  this  one  conuerted  Infidell. 
And  though  three  hundred  fortie  seuen  were  slaine,  yet 
thousands  of  ours  were  by  the  meanes  of  this  alone  thus 
preserued;  for  which  Gods  name  be  praised  for  euer  and  euer. 

Pace  vpon  this,  securing  his  house,  before  day  rowed  to 
lames  Towne,  and  told  the  Gouernor  of  it,  whereby  they 
were  preuented,  and  at  such  other  Plantations  as  possibly 
intelligence  could  be  giuen  :  and  where  they  saw  vs  vpon 
our  guard,  at  the  sight  of  a  peece  they  ranne  away  ;  but  the 
rest  were  most[ly]  slaine,  their  houses  burnt,  such  Armes 
and  Munition  as  they  found  they  tooke  away,  and  some 
cattell  also  they  destroied. 

Since,  wee  finde  Opechankanough  the  last  yeare  [162 1] 
had  practised  with  a  King  on  the  Easterne  shore,  to 
furnish  him  with  a  kind  of  poison,  which  onely  growes  in 
his  Country  to  poison  vs.  But  of  this  bloudy  acte  neuer 
griefe  and  shame  possessed  any  people  more  then  themselues, 
to  be  thus  butchered  by  so  naked  and  cowardly  a  people, 
who  dare  not  stand  the  presenting  of  a  staffe  in  manner  01 
a  peece,  nor  an  vncharged  peece  in  the  hands  of  a  woman. 

(But  I  must  tell  those  Authors,  though  some  might  be 
thus  cowardly,  there  were  many  of  them  had  better  spirits.) 

Thus  haue  you  heard  the  particulars  of  this  massacre, 
which  in  those  respects  some  say  will  be  good  for  the 
Plantation,  because  now  we  haue  iust  cause  to  destroy 


JSi622:]     The  manner  how  the  Spaniard  gets  his  wealth.     579 

them  by  all  meanes  possible  :  but  I  thinke  it  had  beene  [1622] 
much  better  it  had  neuer  happened,  for  they  haue  giuen 
/s  an  hundred  times  as  iust  occasions  long  agoe  to  subiect 
them,  (and  I  wonder  I  can  heare  of  none  but  Master 
Stockam  and  Master  Whitaker  of  my  opinion.)  Moreouer, 
where  before  we  were  troubled  in  cleering  the  ground  of 
great  Timber,  which  was  to  them  of  small  vse :  now  we 
may  take  their  owne  plaine  fields  and  Habitations,  which 
are  the  pleasantest  places  in  the  Countrey.  Besides,  the 
Deere,  Turkies,  and  other  Beasts  and  Fowles  will  exceed- 
ingly increase  if  we  beat  the  Saluages  out  of  the  Countrey: 
for  at  all  times  of  the  yeare  they  neuer  spare  Male  nor 
Female,  old  nor  young,  egges  nor  birds,  fat  nor  leane,  in 
season  or  out  of  season ;  with  them  all  is  one.  The  like 
they  did  in  our  Swine  and  Goats,  for  they  haue  vsed  to 
kill  eight  in  tenne  more  then  we,  or  else  the  wood  would 
most  plentifully  abound  with  victuall ;  besides  it  is  more 
easie  to  ciuilize  them  by  conquest  then  faire  meanes  ;  for 
the  one  may  be  made  at  once,  but  their  ciuilizing  will 
require  a  long  time  and  much  industry. 

The  manner  how  to  suppresse  them  is  so  often  related 
and  approued,  I  omit  it  here :  And  you  haue  twenty 
examples  of  the  Spaniards  how  they  got  the  West-Indies, 
and  forced  the  treacherous  and  rebellious  Infidels  to  doe 
all  manner  of  drudgery  worke  and  slauery  for  them,  them- 
selues  liuing  like  Souldiers  vpon  the  fruits  of  their  labours. 
This  will  make  vs  more  circumspect,  and  be  an  example 
to  posteritie  :  (But  I  say,  this  might  as  well  haue  beene  §JgJBB 
put  in  practise  sixteene  yeares  agoe  [1606]  as  now  [1622J.) 

Thus  vpon  this  Anuill  shall  wee  now  beat  our  selues  an 
Armour  of  proofe  hereafter  to  defend  vs  against  such 
incursions,  and  euer  hereafter  make  vs  more  circumspect : 
but  to  helpe  to  repaire  this  losse,  besides  his  Maiesties 
bounty  in  Armes  [that]  he  gaue  the  Company  out  of  the  His 
Tower,  and  diuers  other  Honorable  persons  haue  renewed  gift!" 
their  aduentures,  we  must  not  omit  the  Honorable  Citie  of 
London,  to  whose  endlesse  praise  wee  may  speake  it,  are  fu7^sets 
now  [1622]  setting  forward  one  hundred  persons:  and  diuers 
others  at  their  owne  costs  are  a  repairing;  and  all  [148] 
good  men  doe  thinke  neuer  the  worse  of  the  businesse  for 
all  these  disasters. 


A  lament- 


too  ol 
appro  aed. 


580     The  manner  how  the  Spaniard  gets  his  wealth.    [J- s™6'£; 

[1622]  What  growing  state  was  there  euer  in  the  world  which 

had  not  the  like  ?  Rome  grew  by  oppression,  and  rose 
vpon  the  backe  of  her  enemies :  and  the  Spaniards  haue 
had  many  of  those  counterbuffes,  more  than  we.  Colum- 
bus, vpon  his  returne  from  the  West-Indies  into  Spaine, 
hauing  left  his  people  with  the  Indies,  in  peace  and  promise 
of  good  vsage  amongst  them,  at  his  returne  backe  found 
not  one  of  them  liuing,  but  all  treacherously  slaine  by  the 
Saluages.  After  this  againe,  when  the  Spanish  Colonies 
were  increased  to  great  numbers,  the  Indians  from  whom 
the  Spaniards  for  trucking  stuffe  vsed  to  haue  all  their 
corne,  generally  conspired  together  to  plant  no  more  at 
all,  intending  thereby  to  famish  them  ;  themselues  liuing 
in  the  meane  time  vpon  Cassaua,  a  root  to  make  bread, 
onely  then  knowne  to  themselues.  This  plot  of  theirs  by 
Te  the  Spaniards  ouersight,  that  foolishly  depended  vpon 
strangers  for  their  bread,  tooke  such  effect,  and  brought 
them  to  such  misery  by  the  rage  of  famine,  that  they 
spared  no  vncleane  nor  loathsome  beast,  no  not  the 
poisonous  and  hideous  Serpents,  but  eat  them  vp  also, 
deuouring  one  death  to  saue  them  from  another ;  and  by 
this  meanes  their  whole  Colony  well-neere  surfeted, 
sickned  and  died  miserably.  And  when  they  had  againe 
recouered  this  losse,  by  their  incontinency  an  infinite 
number  of  them  died  on  the  Indian  disease,  we  call  the 
French  Pox,  which  at  first  being  a  strange  and  an  vn- 
knowne  malady,  was  deadly  vpon  whomsoeuer  it  lighted. 
Then  had  they  a  little  flea  called  Nigua,  which  got  betweene 
the  skinne  and  the  flesh  before  they  were  aware,  and  there 
bred  and  multiplied,  making  swellings  and  putrifactions, 
to  the  decay  and  losse  of  many  of  their  bodily  members. 

Againe,  diuers  times  they  were  neere  vndone  by  their 
ambition,  faction,  and  malice  of  the  Commanders.  Colum- 
bus, to  whom  they  were  also  much  beholden,  was  sent 
with  his  Brother  in  chaines  into  Spaine ;  and  some  other 
great  Commanders  killed  and  murdered  one  another. 
Pizzaro  was  killed  by  Almagros  sonne,  and  him  Vasco 
beheaded ;  which  Vasco  was  taken  by  Blasco,  and  Blasco 
was  likewise  taken  by  Pizzaros  Brother:  And  thus  by 
their  couetous  and  spightfull  quarrels,  they  were  euer 
shaking  the  maine  pillars  of  their  Common-weale. 


J.  Smith."] 
1622. J 


Lib.  4.     [Therefore  let  us  not  be  discouraged^     581 


These  and  many  more  mischiefes  and  calamities  hapned      [1622] 
them,  more  then  euer  did  to  vs,  and  at  one  time  being  euen 
at  the  last  gaspe,  had  two  ships  not  arriued  with  supplies 
as  they  did,  they  were  so  disheartned,  they  were  a  leauing 
the  Countrey :  yet  we  see  for  all  those  miseries  they  haue 
attained  to  their  ends  at  last,  as  is  manifest  to  all  the 
world,  both  with  honour,  power,  and  wealth  ;  and  whereas 
before  few  could  be  hired  to  goe  to  inhabit  there,  now  with 
great  su[i]te  they  must  obtaine  it;  but  where  there  was 
no  honesty,  nor  equity,  nor  sanctitie,  nor  veritie,  nor  pietie,  Note  this 
nor  good  ciuilitie  in  such  a  Countrey,  certainly  there  can  conclusion- 
bee  no  stabilitie. 

Therefore  let  vs  not  be  discouraged,  but  rather  animated 
by  those  conclusions,  seeing  we  are  so  well  assured  of  the 
goodnesse  and  commodities  [that]  may  bee  had  in  Virginia ; 
nor  is  it  to  be  much  doubted  there  is  any  want  of  Mines 
of  most  sorts,  no  not  of  the  richest,  as  is  well  knowne  to 
some  yet  liuing  that  can  make  it  manifest  when  time 
shall  serue  :  and  yet  to  thinke  that  gold  and  siluer  Mines 
are  in  a  country  otherwise  most  rich  and  fruitfull,  or  the 
greatest  wealth  in  a  Plantation,  is  but  a  popular  error ;  as 
is  that  opinion  likewise,  that  the  gold  and  siluer  is  now 
the  greatest  wealth  of  the  West  Indies  at  this  present. 

True  it  is  indeed,  that  in  the  first  conquest  the  Spaniards  How  the 
got  great  and  mighty  store  of  treasure  from  the  Natiues,  riSTthdr* 
which  they  in  long  space  had  heaped  together;  and  in  ^eeawest 
those  times  the  Indians   shewed   them   entire   and  rich  Indie* 
Mines,  which  now  by  the  relations  of  them  that  haue 
beene   there,  are   exceedingly  wasted,  so  that   now  the 
charge  of  getting  those  Metals  is  growne  excessiue,  besides 
the  consuming  the  Hues  of  many  by  their  pestilent  smoke 
and   vapours  in  digging  and  refining  them,  so  that  all 
things  considered,  the  cleere  gaines  of  those  metals,  the 
Kings  part  defraied,  to  the  Aduenturers  is  but  small,  and 
nothing  neere  so  much  as  vulgarly  is  imagined.    And  were 
it  not  [149]  for  other  rich  Commodities  there  that  inrich 
them,  those  of  the  Contraction  House  were  neuer  able  to 
subsist  by  the  Mines  onely ;  for  the  greatest  part  of  their 
Commodities  are  partly  naturall,  and  partly  transported 
from  other  parts  of  the  world,  and  planted  in  the  West- 
Indies,  as  in  their  mighty  wealth  of  Sugar  canes,  being 


582  The  number  of  people  that  were  slaine.  Lib.  4.  [EdbyJ- 


Smith. 

162a. 


[1622]  first  transported  from  the  Canaries ;  and  in  Ginger  and 
other  things  brought  out  of  the  East-Indies,  in  their 
Cochanele,  Indicos,  Cotton,  and  their  infinite  store  of 
Hides,  Quick-siluer,  Allum,  Woad,  Brasill  woods,  Dies, 
Paints,  Tobacco,  Gums,  Balmes,  Oiles,  Medicinals  and 
Perfumes,  Sassaparilla,  and  many  other  physicall  drugs : 
These  are  the  meanes  whereby  they  raise  that  mighty 
charge  of  drawing  out  their  gold  and  siluer  to  the  great 
and  cleare  reuenue  of  their  King. 

Now  seeing  the  most  of  those  commodities,  or  as  vsefull, 
may  be  had  in  Virginia  by  the  same  meanes,  as  I  haue 
formerly  said ;  let  vs  with  all  speed  take  the  priority  of 
time,  where  also  may  be  had  the  priority  of  place,  in 
chusing  the  best  seats  of  the  Country;  which  now  by 
vanquishing  the  saluages,  is  like  to  offer  a  more  faire  and 
ample  choice  of  fruitfull  habitations,  then  hitherto  our 
gentlenesse  and  faire  comportments  could  attaine  vnto. 


The  numbers  that  were  slaine  in  those 
seuerall  Plantations. 

T  Captaine  Berkleys  Plantation,  himselfe 
and  21.  others,  seated  at  the  Falling- 
Crick,  66.  miles  from  lames  City.  22 

2  Master  Thomas  Sheffelds  Plantation, 
some  three  miles  from  the  Falling-Crick, 
himselfe  and  12.  others.  13 

3  At  Henrico  Hand,  about  two  miles  from  Sheffelds 

Plantation.  6 

4  Slaine  of  the  College  people,  twenty  miles  from 

Henrico.  *7 

5  At  Charles  City,  and  of  Captaine  Smiths  men.  5 

6  At  the  next  adioyning  Plantation.  8 

7  At  William  Farrars  house.  10 

8  At  Brickley  hundred,  fifty  miles  from  Charles  City, 

Master  Thorp  and  10 


Ed.byj.smith.-|  lib>  ^    The  number  of  people  that  were  slaine.  583 

9  At  Westouer,  a  mile  from  Brickley,  2      [1622] 

10  At  Master  Iohn  Wests  Plantation.  2 

11  At  Captaine  Nathaniel  Wests  Plantation.  2 

12  At  Lieutenant  Gibs  his  Plantation.  12 

13  At  Richard  Owens  house,  himselfe  and  6 

14  At  Master  Owen  Macars  house,  himselfe  and  3 

15  At  Martins  hundred,  seuen  miles  from  lames  City.  73 

16  At  another  place.  7 

17  At  Edward  Bonits  Plantation.  50 

18  At  Master  Watershis  house, himselfe  [seep.  591]  and  4 

19  At  Apamatucks  Riuer,  at  Master  Perce  his  Planta- 

tion, flue  miles  from  the  College.  4 

20  At   Master  Macocks   Diuident,   Captaine   Samuel 

Macock  and  4 

21  At  Flower  da  hundred,  Sir  George  Yearleys  Planta- 

tion. 6 

22  On  the  other  side  opposite  to  it.  7 

23  At  Master  Swinhows  house,  himselfe  and  7 

24  At  Master  William  Bickars  house,  himselfe  and  4 

25  At  Weanock,  of  Sir  George  Yearleys  people.  21 

26  At  Powel  Brooke,  Captaine  Nathaniel  Powelt  and  12 

27  At  South-hampton  hundred.  5 

28  At  Martin  Brandons  hundred.  7 

29  At  Captaine  Henry  Spilmans  house.  2 

30  At  Ensigne  Spences  house.  5 

31  At  Master  Thomas  Perse  his  house  by  Mulbery  He, 

himselfe  and  4 

The  whole  number  347.    [150]  VA  »*»»•) 

Men  in  this  taking  bettered  with  affliction, 
Better  attend,  and  mind,  and  marke  Religion, 
For  then  true  voyces  issue  from  their  hearts, 
Then  speake  they  what  they  thinke  in  inmost  parts, 
The  truth  remaines,  they  cast  off  fained  A  rts. 


*$* 


584       Gookins  and  Iordens  resolutions.     Lib.  4.  [EdbyJs^ 


iHis  lamentable  and  so  vnexpected  a  disaster 
caused  them  all  beleeue  the  opinion  of  Master 
Stockam,  and  draue  them  all  to  their  wits  end. 
It  was  twenty  or  thirty  daies  ere  they  could 
resolue  what  to  doe,  but  at  last  it  was  concluded,  all  the 
petty  Plantations  should  be  abandoned,  and  drawne  onely 
to  make  good  hue  or  six  places,  where  all  their  labours 
now  for  the  most  part  must  redound  to  the  Lords  of  those 
Lands  where  they  were  resident.  Now  for  want  of  Boats, 
it  was  impossible  vpon  such  a  sudden  to  bring  also  their 
cattle,  and  many  other  things,  which  with  much  time, 
charge  and  labour  they  had  then  in  possession  with  them  ; 
all  which  for  the  most  part  at  their  departure  was  burnt, 
ruined  and  destroyed  by  the  Saluages. 
Gookins  m&  Only  Master  Gookins  at  Nuports-newes  would  not  obey 
rewhufon.  the  Commanders  command  in  that,  though  hee  had  scarce 
fiue  and  thirty  of  all  sorts  [i.e.,  ages  &c.~)  with  him,  yet  he 
thought  himselfe  sufficient  against  what  could  happen, 
and  so  did  to  his  great  credit  and  the  content  of  his  Aduen- 
turers.  Master  Samuel  Iorden  gathered  together  but  a 
few  of  the  straglers  about  him  at  Beggers-bush,  where 
he  fortified  and  liued  in  despight  of  the  enemy.  Nay, 
Mistrisse  Proctor,  a  proper,  ciuill,  modest  Gentlewoman 
did  the  like,  till  perforce  the  English  Officers  forced  her 
and  all  them  with  her  to  goe  with  them,  or  they  would 
fire  her  house  themselues ;  as  the  Saluages  did  when  they 
were  gone,  in  whose  despight  they  had  kept  it  and  what 
they  had,  a  moneth  or  three  weekes  after  the  Massacre ; 
which  was  to  their  hearts  a  griefe  beyond  comparison,  to 
lose  all  they  had  in  that  manner,  onely  to  secure  others 
pleasures. 


The  opinion  Now  here  in  England  it  was  thought,  all  those  remainders 
snutW1**  might  presently  haue  beene  reduced  into  fifties  or  hundreds 
in  places  most  conuenient  with  what  they  had,  hauing  such 
strong  houses  as  they  reported  they  had,  which  with  small 
labour  might  haue  beene  made  inuincible  Castles  against  all 
the  Saluages  in  the  Land  :  and  then  presently  raised  a  com- 
pany, as  a  running  Armie  to  torment  the  Barbarous  and 


Ed.byj.smith.-j  lib<  4.    [Captain  Smith's  opinion]  585 

secure  the  rest,  and  so  haue  had  all  that  Country  betwixt  [1622] 
the  Riuers  of  Powhatan  and  Pamavuke  to  range  and  sustaine 
them  ;  especially  all  the  territories  of  Kecoughtan,  Chiskact 
and  Paspahege,  from  Ozenies  to  that  branch  of  Pamavuke, 
comming  from  Youghtanund,  which  strait  of  land  is  not  past 
4.  or  5.  miles,  to  haue  made  a  peninsula  much  bigger  then 
the  Summer  lies,  inuironed  with  the  broadest  parts  of 
those  two  maine  Riuers,  which  for  plenty  of  such  things 
as  Virginia  affords  is  not  to  be  exceeded,  and  were  it  well 
manured,  more  then  sufficient  for  ten  thousand  men. 

This,  were  it  well  vnderstood,  cannot  but  be  thought 
better  then  to  bring  hue  or  six  hundred  to  lodge  and  Hue 
on  that,  which  before  would  not  well  receiue  and  main- 
taine  a  hundred,  planting  little  or  nothing,  but  spend  that 
they  haue  vpon  hopes  out  of  England,  one  euill  begetting 
another,  till  the  disease  is  past  cure.  Therefore  it  is 
impossible  but  such  courses  must  produce  most  fearefull 
miseries  and  extreme  extremities ;  if  it  proue  otherwise,  I 
should  be  exceeding  glad. 

I  confesse  I  am  somewhat  too  bold  to  censure  other  [/>.6©o] 
mens  actions  being  not  present,  but  they  haue  done  as 
much  of  me  ;  yea  many  here  in  England  that  were  neuer 
there,  and  also  many  there  that  knowes  little  more  then 
their  Plantations,  but  as  they  are  informed  :  and  this  doth 
touch  the  glory  of  God,  the  honour  of  my  Country,  and 
the  publike  good  so  much,  for  which  there  hath  beene  so 
many  faire  pretences,  that  I  hope  none  will  be  angry  for 
speaking  my  opinion ;  seeing  the  old  Prouerbe  doth  allow 
losers  leaue  to  speake,  and  Du  Bartas  saith, 

Euen  as  the  wind  the  angry  Ocean  moues, 

Wane  hunteth  Wane,  and  Billow  Billow  shoues,  [151] 

So  doe  all  Nations  iustell  each  the  other, 

And  so  one  people  doe  pursue  another, 

And  scarce  a  second  hath  the  first  vnhoused, 

Before  a  third  him  thence  againe  haue  roused* 


«p> 


586  Captaine  Nuses  Relation.        Lib.  4.  [EdbyJs^ 


[1622]      f^Q$yQ\  Mongst  the  multitude  of  these  seuerall  Relations, 

The  y£JnbL&2   it  appeares  Captaine  Nuse  seeing  many  of  the 

of°capuiCnee    SrcffeE&MB   difficulties  to  ensue,  caused  as  much  Come  to 

num.  ife«2N57«   be  planted  as  he  could  at  Elizabeths  city,  and 

though  some  destroyed  that  they  had  set,  fearing  it  would 

serue  the  Saluages  for  Ambuscadoes,  trusting  to  releefe 

by  trade,  or  from  England  (which  hath  euer  beene  one 

cause  of  our  miseries,  for  from  England  wee  haue  not  had 

much  :  and  for  trading,  euery  one  hath  not  Ships,  Shalops, 

Interpreters,  men  and  prouisions  to  performe  it ;  and  those 

that  haue,vse  them  onely  for  their  owne  priuate  gaine,  not 

the  publike  good),  so  that  our  beginning  this  yeere  doth 

cause  many  to  distrust  the  euent  of  the  next. 

Here  wee  will  leaue  Captaine  Nuse  for  a  while,  lamenting 
the  death  of  Captaine  Norton,  a  valiant  industrious  Gentle- 
man, adorned  with  many  good  qualities,  besides  Physicke 
and  Chirurgery,  which  for  the  publike  good  he  freely 
imparted  to  all  gratis,  but  most  bountifully  to  the  poore  ; 
and  let  vs  speake  a  little  of  Captaine  Croshaw  amongst  the 
midst  of  those  broiles  in  the  Riuer  of  Patawomeke. 

Captaine  Being  [in  Mar.  1622]  in  a  small  Barke  called  the  Elizabeth, 

his't^ge    vnder  the  command  of  Captaine  Spilman,  at  Cekacawone,  a 

Xw£k.       Saluage  stole  aboord  them,  and  told  them  of  the  Massacre; 

[/>.  173,      and  that  Opechancanough  had  plotted  with  his  King  and 

%l'  SI']     Countrey  to  betray  them  also,  which  they  refused :  but  them 

of  Wighcocomoco  at  the  mouth  of  the  riuer  had  vndertaken  it. 

Vpon  this  Spilman  went  thither,  but  the  Saluages  seeing 

his  men  so  vigilant  and  well  armed,  they  suspected  them- 

selues  discouered,  and  to  colour  their  guilt,  the  better  to 

delude  him,  so  contented  his  desire  in  trade,  his  Pinnace 

was  neere  fraught ;  but  seeing  no  more  to  be  had,  Croshaw 

went  to  Patawotfiek,  where  he  intended  to  stay  and  trade 

for  himselfe,  by  reason  of  the  long  acquaintance  he  had 

with  this  King  that  so  earnestly  entreated  him  now  to  be 

his  friend,  his  countenancer,   his  Captaine  and  director 

against  the  Pazaticans,  the  Nacotchtanks,  and  Moyoans  his 

mortall  enemies. 

Of  this  oportunity  Croshaw  was  glad,  as  well  to  satisfie 


Ed. by j.  smity  LlB.  4.  [Arrival  of  the  news  in  England.]      587 

his  owne  desire  in  some  other  purpose  he  had,  as  to  keepe  [1622] 
the  King  as  an  opposite  to  Opechancanough,  and  adhere  him 
vnto  vs,  or  at  least  make  him  an  instrument  against  our 
enemies ;  so  onely  Elis  Hill  stayed  with  him,  and  the  [/.  59^] 
Pinnace  returned  to  Elizabeths  City ;  here  shall  they  rest 
also  a  little,  till  we  see  how  this  newes  was  entertained  in 
England. 


It  was  no  small  griefe  to  the  Councell  and  Company,  to  Theamuaii 
vnderstand  of  such  a  supposed  impossible  losse,  as  that  so  Seisin 
many  should  fall  by  the  hands  of  men  so  contemptible ;  Eneland- 
and  yet  hauing  such  warnings,  especially  by  the  death  of 
Nemattanow,  whom  the  Saluages  did  thinke  was  shot-free, 
as  he  had  perswaded  them,  hauing  so  long  escaped  so 
many  dangers  without  any  hurt. 

But  now  to  leape  out  of  this  labyrinth  of  melancholy, 
all  this  did  not  so  discourage  the  noble  aduenturers,  nor 
diuers  others  still  to  vndertake  new  seuerall  Plantations ; 
but  that  diuers  ships  were  dispatched  away,  for  their 
supplies  and  assistance  thought  sufficient. 

Yet  Captaine  Smith  did  intreat  and  moue  them  to  put  in 
practise  his  old  offer ;  seeing  now  it  was  time  to  vse  both 
it  and  him,  how  slenderly  heretofore  both  had  beene 
regarded,  and  because  it  is  not  impertinent  to  the  businesse, 
it  is  not  much  amisse  to  remember  what  it  was.  [152] 


g""^JJ*gs.         fmmm 

IIH 

^^S^t^^ 

Ttie  protect  and  offer  of  Captaine 

Iohn  Smith,  to  the  Right  Honourable 

and  Right  Worshipfull  Company 

[of]  Virginia. 

F  you  please  I  may  be  transported  with 
a  hundred  Souldiers  and  thirty  Sailers 
by  the  next  Michaelmas  [1622J,  with  vic- 
tuall,  munition,  and  such  necessary  pro- 
uision ;  by  Gods  assistance,  we  would 
endeuour  to  inforce  the  Saluages  to  leaue 
their  Country,  or  bring  them  in  that 
feare  and  subiection  that  euery  man 
should  follow  their  businesse  securely.  Whereas  now  halfe 
their  times  and  labours  are  spent  in  watching  and  warding, 
onely  to  defend,  but  altogether  vnable  to  suppresse  the 
Saluages  :  because  euery  man  now  being  for  himselfe  will 
be  vnwilling  to  be  drawne  from  their  particular  labours, 
to  be  made  as  pack-horses  for  all  the  rest,  without  any 
certainty  of  some  better  reward  and  preferment  then  I 
can  vnderstand  any  there  can  or  will  yet  giue  them. 

These  I  would  imploy  onely  in  ranging  the  Countries, 
and  tormenting  the  Saluages,  and  that  they  should  be  as 
a  running  Army  till  this  were  affected  ;  and  then  settle 
themselues  in  some  such  conuenient  place,  that  should 
euer  remaine  a  garison  of  that  strength,  ready  vpon  any 
occasion  against  the  Saluages,  or  any  other  for  the  defence 
of  the  Countrey,  and  to  see  all  the  English  well  armed, 
and  instruct  them  their  vse. 


h*$£]  Lib.  4.       The  protect  of  Captaine  John  Smith.       589 

But  I  would  haue  a  Barke  of  one  hundred  tunnes,  and      [1622] 
meanes  to  build  sixe  or  seuen  Shalops,  to  transport  them 
where  there  should  bee  occasion. 

Towards  the  charge,  because  it  is  for  the  generall  good, 
and  what  by  the  massacre  and  other  accidents,  Virginia  is 
disparaged,  and  many  men  and  their  purses  much  dis- 
couraged, howeuer  a  great  many  doe  hasten  to  goe,  think- 
ing to  bee  next  heires  to  all  the  former  losses,  I  feare  they 
will  not  finde  all  things  as  they  doe  imagine  ;  therefore 
leauing  those  gilded  conceits,  and  diue  into  the  true  estate 
of  the  Colony ;  I  thinke  if  his  Maiestie  were  truly  informed 
of  their  necessitie,  and  the  benefit  of  this  proiect,  he  would 
be  pleased  to  giue  the  custome  [custom-house  dues]  of 
Virginia  ;  and  the  Planters  also  according  to  their  abilities 
would  adde  thereto  such  a  contribution,  as  would  be  fit  to 
maintaine  this  garison  till  they  be  able  to  subsist,  or  cause 
some  such  other  collections  to  be  made,  as  may  put  it 
with  all  expedition  in  practice :  otherwise  it  is  much  to  be 
doubted,  there  will  neither  come  custome,  nor  any  thing 
from  thence  to  England  within  these  few  yeares. 

Now  if  this  should  be  thought  an  imploiment  more  fit 
for  ancient  Souldiers  there  bred,  then  such  new  commers 
as  may  goe  with  me  ;  you  may  please  to  leaue  that  to  my 
discretion,  to  accept  or  refuse  such  voluntaries,  that  will 
hazard  their  fortunes  in  the  trialls  of  these  euents,  and 
discharge  such  of  my  company  that  had  rather  labour  the 
ground  then  subdue  their  enemies :  what  releefe  I  should 
haue  from  your  Colony  I  would  satisfie,  and  spare  them 
(when  I  could)  the  like  courtesie.  Notwithstanding  these 
doubts,  I  hope  to  feede  them  as  well  as  defend  them,  and 
yet  discouer  you  more  land  vnknowne  then  they  all  yet 
know,  if  you  will  grant  me  such  priuiledges  as  of  necessity 
must  be  vsed. 

For  against  any  enemy  we  must  be  ready  to  execute  the 
best  [that]  can  be  deuised  by  your  state  there,  but  not  that 
they  shall  either  take  away  my  men,  or  any  thing  else  to 
imploy  as  they  please  by  vertue  of  their  authority :  and  in 
that  I  haue  done  somewhat  for  New-England  as  well  as 
Virginia,  so  I  would  desire  liberty  and  authority  to  make 
the  best  vse  I  can  of  my  best  experiences,  within  the 
limits  of  those  two  Patents,  and  to  bring  them  both  in  one 


590  The  Companies  answer.  Lib.  4.  [J- 


Smith. 

162a. 


[1622]  Map,  and  the  Countries  betwixt  thern,  giuing  alwaies  that 
respect  to  the  Gouernors  and  gouernment,  as  an  English- 
man doth  in  Scotland,  or  a  Scotchman  in  England,  or  as 
the  regiments  in  the  Low- countries  doe  to  the  Gouernors 
of  the  Townes  and  Cities  where  they  are  billited,  or  in 
Garrison,  where  though  they  Hue  with  them,  and  are  as 
their  [153]  seruants  to  defend  them,  yet  not  to  be  disposed 
on  at  their  pleasure,  but  as  the  Prince  and  State  doth 
command  them.  And  for  my  owne  paines  in  particular  I 
aske  not  any  thing  but  what  I  can  produce  from  the 
proper  labour  of  the  Saluages. 


Their   Answer. 

Slier  ^19|d8§  Cannot  say,  it  was  generally  for  the  Company, 
for  being  published  in  their  Court,  the  most 
that  heard  it  liked  exceeding  well  of  the  motion, 
and  some  would  haue  been  very  large  Aduen- 
turers  in  it,  especially  Sir  John  Brookes  and  Master  Dauid 
Wyffin,  but  there  were  such  diuisions  amongst  them,  I 
could  obtaine  no  answer  but  this,  the  charge  would  be  too 
great ;  their  stocke  was  decayed,  and  they  did  thinke  the 

[/•955O  Planters  should  doe  that  of  themselues  if  I  could  finde 
meanes  to  effect  it ;  they  did  thinke  I  might  haue  leaue  of 
the  Company,  prouided  they  might  haue  halfe  the  pillage, 
but  I  thinke  there  are  not  many  will  much  striue  for  that 
imploiment,  for  except  it  be  a  little  Corne  at  some  time 
of  the  yeere  is  to  be  had,  I  would  not  giue  twenty  pound 
for  all  the  pillage  is  to  be  got  amongst  the  Saluages  in 
twenty  yeeres :  but  because  they  supposed  I  spake  only 
for  my  owne  ends,  it  were  good  those  vnderstand[ing]  proui- 
dents  for  the  Companies  good  they  so  much  talke  of,  were 
sent  thither  to  make  triall  of  their  profound  wisdomes  and 
long  experiences. 

?th?lanner      About  this  time  also  was  propounded  a  proposition  con- 

saii^y  cerning  a  Sallery  of  flue  and  twenty  thousand  pounds  to 
be  raised  out  of  Tobacco,  as  a  yeerely  pension  to  bee  paid 
to  certaine  Officers  for  the  erecting  a  new  office,  concern- 
ing the  sole  importation  of  Tobacco,  besides  his  Maiesties 
custome,  fraught,  and  all  other  charges.     To  nominate 


£dbyjuiysTS:]  Lib.  4.     {Captain  Crashaw  at  Patawomek.]     591 


1 


the  vndertakers,  fauourers  and  opposers,  with  their  argu-  [1622-3] 
ments  (pro)  and  (con)  would  bee  too  tedious  and  needlesse 
being  so  publikely  knowne ;  the  which  to  establish,  spent 
a  good  part  of  that  yeere,  and  the  beginning  of  the  next. 

This  made  many  thinke  wonders  of  Virginia,  to  pay  such 
pensions  extraordinary  to  a  few  here  that  were  neuer  there, 
and  also  in  what  state  and  pompe  some  Chieftaines  and 
diuers  of  their  associates  Hue  in  Virginia ;  and  yet  no 
money  to  maintaine  a  Garrison,  pay  poore  men  their 
wages,  nor  yet  hue  and  twenty  pence  to  all  the  Adven- 
turers here,  and  very  little  to  the  most  part  of  the  Planters 
there,  bred  such  differences  in  opinion  it  was  dissolued. 


Ow    let   vs   returne   to    Captaine    Croshaw    at  Captaine 
Patawomek,  where  he  had  not  beene  long  ere  staTest™ 
Opechancanough  sent  two  baskets  of  beads  to  SS*. 
this  King,  to  kill  him  and  his  man,  assuring  JjJJjJ^ 
him  of  the  Massacre  he  had  made,  and  that  before  the   tA  587.] 
end  of  two  Moones  there  should  not  be  an  Englishman 
in  all  their  Countries :  this   fearefull   message   the  King 
told  this  Captaine,  who  replied,  he  had  seene  both   the 
cowardise  and  trechery  of  Opechancanough  sufficiently  tried 
by  Captaine  Smith  [pp.  142,  459],  therefore  his  threats  he 
feared  not,  nor  for  his  fauour  cared,  but  would  nakedly 
fight  with  him  or  any  of  his  with  their  owne  swords ;  if 
he  were  slaine,  he  would  leaue  a  letter  for  his  Country 
men  to  know,  the  fault  was  his  owne,  not  the  Kings. 

Two  daies  the  King  deliberated  vpon  an  answer,  at 
last  told  him  the  English  were  his  friends,  and  the 
Saluage  Emperour  Opitchapam,  now  called  Toyatan,  was 
his  brother ;  therefore  there  should  be  no  bloud  shed  be- 
twixt them  :  for  hee  returned  the  Presents,  willing  the 
Pamavukes  to  come  no  more  in  his  Country,  lest  the  English, 
though  against  his  will,  should  doe  them  any  mischiefe. 

Not  long  after,  a  Boat  going  abroad  to  seeke  out  some  The  escape 
releefe   amongst   the   Plantations,  by  Nuports-newes   met  andhu'™ 
such  ill  weather,  [that]  though  the  men  were  saued  they  wife# 
lost  their  boat,  which  the  storme  and  waues  cast  vpon  the 
shore  of  Nandsamund  :  where  Edward  Waters  [pp.  583,  638, 


592 


The  arriuall  of  Captaine       Lib.  4. 


TEd.by  \.  Smith 
L  July  1624. 


[1622] 


The  arriuall 
of  Captaine 
Havtar  at 
Patawo- 
rmk*. 


Croshawt 
Fort  and 
plot  for 

trade. 


640,  660]  one  of  the  three  that  first  stayed  in  Summer  lies 
and  found  the  great  peece  of  Amber-greece,  dwelling  in 
Virginia  at  this  Massacre,  [154]  hee  and  his  wife  these 
Nandsamunds  kept  Prisoners  till  it  chanced  they  found  this 
Boat ;  at  which  purchase  they  so  reioyced,  according  to  their 
custome  of  triumph,  with  songs,  dances  and  inuocations. 
They  were  so  busied,  that  Waters  and  his  wife  found  oppor- 
tunity to  get  secretly  into  their  Canow,  and  so  crossed  the 
Riuer  to  Kecoughtan,  which  is  nine  or  ten  miles :  whereat 
the  English  no  lesse  wondred  and  reioyced,  then  the 
Saluages  were  madded  with  discontent.  Thus  you  may 
see  how  many  desperate  dangers  some  men  escape,  when 
others  die  that  haue  all  things  at  their  pleasure. 

All  men  thinking  Captaine  Croshaw  dead,  Captaine 
Hamer  arriuing  with  a  Ship  and  a  Pinnace  at  Patawomeke, 
was  kindly  entertained  both  by  him  [Crashaw]  and  the  King; 
that  Don  Hamar  told  the  King  he  came  for  Corne  ;  the  King 
replied  hee  had  none,  but  the  Nacotchtanks  and  their  con- 
federats  had,  which  were  enemies  both  to  him  and  them  ; 
if  they  would  fetch  it,  he  would  giue  them  40.  or  50  choise 
Bow-men  to  conduct  and  assist  them.  Those  Saluages, 
with  some  of  the  English,  they  sent ;  who  so  well  played 
their  parts,  they  slew  18.  of  the  Nacotchtanks,  some  write 
but  4.  and  some  they  had  a  long  skirmish  with  them  ; 
where  the  Patawomeks  were  so  eager  of  reuenge,  they  driue 
them  not  onely  out  of  their  towne,  but  all  out  of  sight 
through  the  woods,  thus  taking  what  they  liked,  and  spoil- 
ing the  rest,  they  retired  to  Patawomek :  where  they  left 
Captaine  Croshaw,  with  foure  men  more,  the  rest  set  saile 
for  lames  towne. 

Captaine  Croshaw  now  with  hue  men  and  himselfe 
found  night  and  day  so  many  Alarums,  he  retired  into 
such  a  conuenient  place,  that  with  the  helpe  of  the 
Saluages,  hee  had  quickly  fortified  himselfe  against 
all  those  wilde  enemies.  Captaine  Nuse  his  Pinnace 
meeting  Hamar  by  the  way,  vnderstanding  all  this,  came 
to  see  Captaine  Croshaw:  after  their  best  enterchanges  of 
courtesies,  Croshaw  writ  to  Nuse  the  estate  of  the  place 
where  he  was,  but  vnderstanding  by  them  the  poore  estate 
of  the  Colony,  offered  if  they  would  send  him  but  a  bold 


Ed 


'  ^/u'lyTeS:]  Lib.  4.       Hamar  to  Patawomek. 


593 


Shallop,  with  men,  armes  and  prouision  for  trade,  the  next      [1622] 
Haruest  he  would  prouide  them  Corne  sufficient,  but  as 
yet  it  being  but  the  latter  end  of  Iune  [1622],  there  was 
little  or  none  in  all  the  Country. 

This  being  made  knowne  to  the  Gouernour  and  the  rest,   ^^^n 
they  sent  Captaine  Madyson  with  a  ship  and  pinnace,  and  sent  to 
some  six  and  thirtie  men :  those  Croshaw  a  good  time  taught  «,S£*. 
the  vse  of  their  armes,  but  receiuing  a  letter  from  Boyse   [/.  599-1 
his  Wife,  a  prisoner  with  nineteene  more  at  Pamavuke,  to 
vse  meanes  to  the  Gouernour  for  their  libertie;  So  hee 
dealt  with  this  King,  hee  got  first  two  of  his  great  men  to 
goe  with  him  to  lames  towne,  and  eight  daies  after  to  send 
foure  of  his  counsell  to  Pamavuke,  there  to  stay  till  he  sent 
one  of  his  two  to  them,  to  perswade  Opachankanough  to 
send  two  of  his  with  two  of  the  Patawomekes,  to  treat  about 
those  prisoners,  and  the  rest  should  remaine  their  hostage 
at  Pamavuke. 

But  the  Commanders,  at  lames  towne,  it  seemes,  liked 
not  of  it,  and  so  sent  the  Patawomekes  backe  againe  to 
their  owne  Countrie,  and  Captaine  Croshaw  to  his  owne 
habitation. 

All  this  time  we  haue  forgot  Captaine  Nuse,  where  we  Jhe™dv* 
left  him  but  newly  acquainted  with  the  Massacre,  calling  captaine 
all  his  next  adioyning  dispersed  neighbours  together,  he  Nus* 
regarded  not  the  pestring  his  owne  house,  nor  any  thing  to 
releeue  them,  and  with  all  speed  entrenched  himselfe, 
mounted  three  peece  of  Ordnance,  so  that  within  14.  daies, 
he  was  strong  enough  to  defend  himselfe  from  all  the 
Saluages,  yet  when  victuall  grew  scant,  some  that  would 
forrage  without  order,  which  he  punished,  neere  occasioned 
a  mutiny.  Notwithstanding,  he  behaued  himselfe  so 
fatherly  and  kindly  to  them  all,  they  built  two  houses  for 
them  he  daily  expected  from  England,  a  faire  Well  of 
fresh  water  mantled  with  bricke,  because  the  Riuer  and 
Cricks  are  there  brackish  or  salt ;  in  all  which  things  he 
plaied  the  Sawyer,  Carpenter,  Dauber,  Laborer,  or  any 
thing ;  wherein  though  his  courage  and  heart  were  steeled, 
he  found  his  body  was  not  made  of  Iron,  for  hee  had  many 
sicknesses,  and  at  last  a  Dropsie,  no  lesse  griefe  to  him- 
selfe, then  sorrow  to  his  Wife  and  all  vnder  his  gouern- 

38 


594  Sir  George  Yearleys  Lib.  4.  [Ed-  byjJiysT^ 

[1622]  ment.  These  crosses  and  losses  were  [155]  no  small 
increasers  of  his  malady,  nor  the  thus  abandoning  our 
Plantations,  the  losse  of  our  Haruest,  and  also  Tobacco 
which  was  as  our  money ;  the  Vineyard  our  Vineyetours 
had  brought  to  a  good  forwardnesse,  bruised  and  destroyed 
with  Deere,  and  all  things  ere  they  came  to  perfection,  with 
weeds,  disorderly  persons  or  wild  beasts  ;  so  that  as  we  are 
I  cannot  perceiue  but  the  next  yeere  [1623]  will  be  worse, 
being  still  tormented  with  pride  and  flattery,  idlenesse  and 
couetousnesse,  as  though  they  had  vowed  heere  to  keepe 
their  Court  with  all  the  pestilent  vices  in  the  world  for 
their  attendants,  inchanted  with  a  conceited  statelinesse, 
euen  in  the  very  bottome  of  miserable  senselesnesse. 

c»pujne  Shortly  after,  Sir  George  Yearly  and  Captaine  William 

s^lieJ.  3'  Powel,  tooke  each  of  them  a  company  of  well  disposed 
Gentlemen  and  others  to  seeke  their  enemies.  Yearley 
ranging  the  shore  of  Weanock,  could  see  nothing  but  their 
old  houses  which  he  burnt,  and  so  went  home :  Powel 
searching  another  part,  found  them  all  fled  but  three  he 
met  by  chance,  whose  heads  hee  cut  off,  burnt  their  houses, 
and  so  returned  ;  for  the  Saluages  are  so  light  and  swift, 
though  wee  see  them  (being  so  loaded  with  armour)  they 
haue  much  aduantage  of  vs  though  they  be  cowards. 

The| jpinion  I  confesse  this  is  true,  and  it  may  cause  some  suppose 
smitt™*  they  are  grown  inuincible  :  but  will  any  goe  to  catch  a 
Hare  with  a  Taber  and  a  Pipe  ?  for  who  knowes  not  though 
there  be  monsters  both  of  men  and  beasts,  fish  and  fowle, 
yet  the  greatest,  the  strongest,  the  wildest,  cruellest, 
fiercest  and  cunningest,  by  reason,  art  and  vigilancy, 
courage  and  industry  hath  beene  slaine,  subiected  or  made 
tame  :  and  those  are  still  but  Saluages  as  they  were,  onely 
growne  more  bold  by  our  owne  simplicities,  and  still  will 
be  worse  and  worse  till  they  be  tormented  with  a  con- 
tinuall  pursuit,  and  not  with  lying  inclosed  within 
Palizados,  or  affrighting  them  out  of  your  sights,  thinking 
they  haue  done  well,  [that]  can  but  defend  themselues: 
and  to  doe  this  to  any  purpose,  will  require  both  charge, 
patience  and  experience.     But  to  their  proceedings. 


^•^jiy8*^]  Lib.  4.  tourney  to  Accomack.  595 

About  the  latter  end  of  Iune  [1622],  Sir  George  Yearley      [1622] 
accompanied   with  the   Councell,   and  a   number  of  the  fjjj^f* 
greatest  Gallants  in  the  Land,  stayed  three  or  four  daies  bomMyto 
with  Captaine  Nuset  he  making  his  moane  to  a  chiefe  man  Accomack- 
amongst  them  for  want  of  prouision  for  his  Company,  the 
great  Commander  replied  hee  should  turne  them  to  his 
greene  Corne,  which  would  make  them  plumpe  and  fat : 
these  fields  being  so  neere  the  Fort,  were  better  regarded 
and  preserued  then  the  rest,  but  the  great  mans  command, 
as  we  call  them,  were  quickly  obeied,  for  though  it  was 
scarce  halfe  growne  either  to  the  greatnesse  or  goodnesse, 
theydeuoured  it  greene  though  it  did  them  small  good. 

Sir  George  with  his  company  went  to  Accomack  to  his  new 
Plantation,  where  he  staied  neere  six  weekes  :  some  Corne 
he  brought  home ;  but  as  he  aduentured  for  himselfe,  he 
accordingly  enioyed  the  benefit.  Some  pet[t]y  Magazines 
[Victualling  ships]  came  this  Summer,  but  either  the 
restraint  by  Proclamation,  or  want  of  Boats,  or  both, 
caused  few  but  the  Chieftaines  to  be  little  better  by  them. 

So  long  as  Captaine  Nuse  had  any  thing  we  had  part ;  Captaine 
but  now  all  being  spent,  and  the  people  forced  to  Hue  vpon  iUSS^11 
Oisters  and  Crabs,  they  became  so  faint  no  worke  could  be 
done ;  and  where  the  Law  was,  no  worke,  no  meat,  now  the 
case  is  altered,  to  no  meat,  no  worke  :  some  small  quantity 
of  Milke  and  Rice  the  Captaine  had  of  his  owne,  and  that 
he  would  distribute  gratis  as  he  saw  occasion;  I  say  gratis, 
for  I  know  no  place  else,  but  it  was  sold  for  ready  paiment. 
Those  eares  of  Corne  that  had  escaped  till  August,  though 
not  ripe  by  reason  of  the  late  planting,  the  very  Dogs  did 
repaire  to  the  Corne  fields  to  seeke  them  as  the  men  till 
they  were  hanged :  and  this  I  protest  before  God  is  true 
that  I  haue  related,  not  to  flatter  Nuse,  nor  condemne  any, 
but  all  the  time  I  haue  liued  in  Virginia,  I  haue  not  seene 
nor  heard  that  any  Commander  hath  taken  such  continuall 
paines  for  the  publike,  or  done  so  little  good  for  himselfe ; 
and  his  vertuous  wife  was  no  lesse  charitable  and  com- 
passionate according  to  her  power.  For  my  owne  part, 
although  I  found  neither  Mulberies  planted,  houses  built, 
[156]  men  nor  victuall  prouided,  as  the  honourable 
Aduenturers  did  promise  mee  in  England ;  yet  at  my  owne 
charge,  hauing  made  these  preparations,  and  the  silke- 


Patawomek. 


596  The  kindnesse  of  the  Lib.  4.  [EdbyjJulysS^; 

L1622]  Wormes  ready  to  be  couered,  all  was  lost,  but  my  poore  life 
andchildren,bythe  Massacre,  thewhich  as  God  in  his  mercy* 
did  preserue,  I  continually  pray  we  may  spend  to  his  glory. 

&iresaE  ^e  9*  of  September  [1622],  we  had  an  alarum,  and  two 
men  at  their  labours  slaine ;  the  Captaine  [Nuse],  though 
extreme  sicke,  sallied  forth,  but  the  Saluages  lay  hid  in 
the  Corne  fields  all  night,  where  they  destroyed  all  they 
could,  and  killed  two  men  more.  Much  mischiefe  they  did 
to  Master  Edward  Hills  cattle,  yet  he  alone  defended  his 
house  though  his  men  were  sicke  and  could  doe  nothing, 
and  this  was  our  first  assault  since  the  Massacre. 

ifSte^fthe       About  this  time  Captaine  Madyson  passed  by  vs,  hauing 

King  of  taken  Prisoners,  the  King  of  Patawomek,  his  sonne,  and 
two  more,  and  thus  it  happened.  Madyson  not  liking  so 
well  to  Hue  amongst  the  Saluages  as  Croshaw  did,  built 
him  a  strong  house  within  the  Fort,  so  that  they  were  not 
so  sociable  as  before,  nor  did  they  much  like  Poole  the 
Interpre[te]r.  Many  Alarums  theyhad,but  sawnoenemies: 
Madyson  before  his  building  went  to  Moyaones,  where  hee 
got  prouisionfor  a  moneth,  and  was  promised  much  more  ; 
so  he  returned  to  Patawomek  and  built  this  house,  and 
was  well  vsed  by  the  Saluages.  Now  by  the  foure  great 
men  the  King  sent  to  Pamavuke  for  the  redemption  of  the 
Prisoners,  Madyson  sent  them  a  letter,  but  they  could 
neither  deliuer  it  nor  see  them  :  so  long  they  stayed  that 
the  King  grew  doubtfull  of  their  bad  vsage,  that  hee  swore 
by  the  Skyes,  if  they  returned  not  well,  he  would  haue 
warres  with  Opechankanough  so  long  as  he  had  any  thing. 
At  this  time  two  of  Madysons  men  rannefrom  him, to  finde 
them  he  sent  Master  John  Vpton  and  three  more  with  an 
Indian  guide  to  Nazatica,  where  they  heard  they  were. 
At  this  place  was  a  King  beat  out  of  his  Country  by  the 
Necosts,  enemies  to  the  Patawomeks ;  this  expulsed  King 
though  he  professed  much  loue  to  the  Patawomeks,  yet  hee 
loued  not  the  King  because  he  would  not  helpe  him  to 
reuenge  his  iniuries,  but  to  our  Interpreter  Poole  hee  pro- 
tested great  loue,  promising  if  any  treason  were,  he  would 
reueale  it ;  our  guide  conducted  this  Bandyto  with  them 
vp  to  Patawomek  and  there  kept  him  ;  our  Fugitiues  we 
found  the  Patawomeks  had  taken  and  brought  home,  and 
the  foure  great  men  returned  from  Pamavuke. 


Ed,b7uiyS;:]  LlB-  4-         XiHg  of  Patawomek.  597 

Not  long  after,  this  expulsed  King  desired  priuate  [1622] 
conference  with  Poole,  vrging  him  to  sweare  by  his  God 
neuer  to  reueale  what  hee  would  tell  him,  Poole  promised 
he  would  not ;  then  quoth  this  King,  those  great  men  that 
went  to  Pamavuke,  went  not  as  you  suppose  they  pretended, 
but  to  contract  with  Opechankanongh  how  to  kill  you  all 
here,  and  these  are  their  plots. 

First,  they  will  procure  halfe  of  you  to  goe  a  fishing  Aj£luages 
to  their  furthest  towne,  and  there  set  vpon  them,  and  P  icy* 
cut  off  the  rest;  if  that  faile,  they  will  faine  a  place  where 
are  many  strangers  [that]  would  trade  their  Furres, 
where  they  will  perswade  halfe  of  you  to  goe  trade, 
and  there  murder  you  and  kill  them  at  home  ;  and  if 
this  faile  also,  then  they  will  make  Alarums  two  nights 
together,  to  tire  you  out  with   watching,  and  then 
set  vpon  you,  yet  of  all  this,  said  he,  there   is  none 
acquainted  but  the  King  and  the  great  Coniurer. 
This  being  made  known  to  the  Captain,  we  all  stood  Madho-% 
more  punctually  vpon  our  guard,  at  which  the  Saluages  King  Lid 
wondering,  desired  to  know  the  cause;  we  told  them  we  ^s3°-or 
expected  some  assault  from  the  Pamavukes,  whereat  they 
seemed  contented ;  and  the  next  day  the  King  went  on 
hunting  with  two  of  our  men,  and  the  other  a  fishing  and 
abroad  as  before,  till   our   Shallop  returned  from  lames 
towne  with  the  two  Saluages  sent  home  with  Captaine 
Croshaw :  by  those  the  Gouernour  sent  to  Madyson,  that 
this  King  should  send  him  twelue  of  his  great  men  ;  word 
of  this  was  sent  to  the  King  at  another  towne  where  he 
was,  who  not  comming   presently  with   the   Messenger, 
Madyson  conceited  hee  regarded  not  the   message,  and 
intended  as  he  supposed  the  same  treason. 

The  next  morning  the  King  comming  home,  being  sent 
for,  he  came  to  the  Captaine  and  brought  him  a  dish  of 
their  daintiest  fruit ;  then  the  Captaine  fained  his  returne 
to  lames  towne,  the  [157]  King  told  him  he  might  if  he 
would,  but  desired  not  to  leaue  him  destitute  of  aid,  hauing 
so  many  enemies  about  him  ;  the  Captaine  told  him  he 
would  leaue  a  guard,  but  intreated  his  answer  concerning 
the  twelue  great  men  for  the  Gouernour ;  the  King  replied, 
his  enemies  lay  so  about  him  he  could  not  spare  them ;  then 
the  Captaine  desired  his  sonne  and  one  other ;  my  sonne, 


598  The  proceedings  of  the         Lib.  4.  [Ed-  by,iiys^ 

[1622]  said  the  King,  is  gone  abroad  about  businesse,  but  the  other 
you  desire  you  shall  haue,  and  that  other  sits  by  him,  but 
that  man  refused  to  goe,  whereupon  Madyson  went  forth  and 
locked  the  doore,  leauing  the  King,  his  sonne,  and  foure 
Saluages,  and  flue  English  men  in  the  strong  house,  and 
setting  vpon  the  towne  with  the  rest  of  his  men,  slew  thirty 
or  forty  men,  women  and  children.  The  Kingdemanding  the 
cause,  Poole  told  him  the  treason,  crying  out  to  intreat  the 
Captaine  cease  from  such  cruelty  :  but  hauing  slaine  and 
made  flye  all  in  the  towne,  hee  returned,  taxing  the  poore 
King  of  treason,  who  denied  to  the  death  not  to  know  of 
any  such  matter,  but  said,  This  is  some  plot  of  them  that 
told  it,  onely  to  kill  mee  for  being  your  friend. 

Then  Madyson  willed  him,  to  command  none  of  his  men 
should  shoot  at  him  as  he  went  aboord,  which  he  presently 
did,  and  it  was  performed :  so  Madyson  departed,  leading  the 
King,  his  sonne,  and  two  more  to  his  ship,  promising  when 
all  his  men  were  shipped,  he  should  returne  at  libertie ; 
The  King  notwithstanding  he  brought  them  to  lames  towne,  where 
Ktathberty.  thev  iav  some  daies,  and  after  were  sent  home  by  Captaine 
Hamer,  that  tooke  Corne  for  their  ransome,  and  after  set 
saile  for  New  found  Land. 

But,  alas  the  cause  of  this  was  onely  this 
They  vnderstood,  nor  knew  what  was  amisse. 

a  digression  Euer  since  the  beginning  of  these  Plantations,  it  hath 
beene  supposed  the  King  of  Spaine  would  inuade  them,  or 
our  English  Papists  indeuour  to  dissolue  them.  But 
neither  all  the  Counsels  of  Spaine,  nor  Papists  in  the  world 
could  haue  deuised  a  better  course  to  bring  them  all  to 
ruine,  then  thus  to  abuse  their  friends,  nor  could  there 
euer  haue  beene  a  better  plot,  to  haue  ouerthrowne 
Opechankanough  then  Captaine  Croshaws,  had  it  beene  fully 
managed  with  expedition.  But  it  seemes  God  is  angry  to 
see  Virginia  made  a  stage  where  nothing  but  murder  and 
indiscretion  contends  for  victory. 

Their  Amongst  the  rest  of  the  Plantations  all  this  Summer 

ofSTolhS   [1622]  little  was  done,  but  securing  themselues  and  planting 
piamutions.   Tobacco,  which  passes  there  as  current  Siluer,  and  by  the 


Ed.  by  J.  Smith.-]    TTR      . 
July  1624.J    ^IB-    4* 


Plantations  in  Virginia. 


599 


surpriseth 

Nandta- 

tHUtid. 


oft  turning  and  winding  it,  some  grow  rich,  but  many  [1622] 
poore :  notwithstanding  ten  or  twelue  ships  or  more  hath 
arriued  there  since  the  massacre  [22  Mar.],  although  it  was 
Christmas  [1622]  ere  any  returned  [i.e.,  to  England],  and 
that  returne  greatly  reuiued  all  mens  longing  expectation 
here  in  England:  for  they  brought  newes,  that  notwith- 
standing their  extreme  sicknesse  many  were  recouered,  and 
finding  [found]  the  Saluages  did  not  much  trouble  them, 
except  it  were  sometimes  some  disorderly  straglers  they 
cut  off. 

To  lull  them  the  better  in  securitie,  they  sought  no 
reuenge  till  their  Corne  was  ripe,  then  they  drew  together 
three  hundred  of  the  best  Souldiers  they  could,  that  would 
leaue  their  priuate  businesse,  and  aduenture  themselues 
amongst  the  Saluages  to  surprise  their  Corne,  vnder  the 
conduct  of  Sir  George  Yearley,  being  imbarked  in  conuenient 
shipping,  and  all  things  necessary  for  the  enterprise ;  they 
went  first  to  Nandsamund,  where  the  people  set  fire  on  their 
owne  houses,  and  spoiled  what  they  could,  and  then  fled 
with  what  they  could  carry ;  so  that  the  English  did  make 
no  slaughter  amongst  them  for  reuenge.  Their  Corne  fields 
being  newly  gathered,  they  surprized  all  they  found,  burnt 
the  houses  [that]  remained  vnburnt,  and  so  departed. 

Quartering  about  Kecoughtan,  after  the  Watch  was  set, 
Samuell  Collyer  one  of  the  most  ancientest  Planters,  and 
very  well  acquainted  with  their  language  and  habitation,  [#-94.449-] 
humors  and  conditions,  and  Gouernor  of  a  Towne,  when 
the  Watch  was  set,  going  the  round,  vnfortunately  by  a 
Centinell  that  discharged  his  peece,  was  slaine.  [158] 

Thence  they  sailed  to  Pamavuke,  the  chiefe  seat  of 
Opechankanough,  the  contriuer  of  the  massacre :  the  Sal- 
uages seemed  exceeding  fearefull,  promising  to  bring  them 
Sara,  and  the  rest  of  the  English  yet  liuing,  with  all  the  l/-  393-1 
Amies,  and  what  they  had  to  restore,  much  desiring  peace, 
and  to  giue  them  any  satisfaction  they  could.  Many  such 
deuices  they  fained  to  procrastinate  the  time  ten  or  twelu* 
daies,  till  they  had  got  away  their  Corne  from  all  the  other 
places  vp  the  Riuer,  but  that  where  the  English  kept  their 
quarter  :  at  last,  when  they  saw  all  those  promises  were  but 
delusions,  they  seised  on  all  the  Corne  there  was,  set  fire 
on  their  houses :  and  in  following  the  Saluages  that  fled 


Samutll 
Collytr 


They 

surprise 
Pamavukt 


6oo  How  to  bring  the  Lib.  4.  [j&^SJ; 

[1622]  before  them,  some  few  of  those  naked  Deuils  had  that  spirit, 
they  lay  in  ambuscado,  and  as  our  men  marched  discharged 
some  shot  out  of  English  peeces,  and  hurt  some  of  them 
flying  at  their  pleasures  where  they  listed,  burning  their 
empty  houses  before  them  as  they  went,  to  make  them- 
selues  sport :  so  they  escaped,  and  Sir  George  returned 
with  Corne,  where  for  our  paines  we  had  three  bushels 
apeece,  but  we  were  enioyned  before  we  had  it,  to  pay  ten 
shillings  the  bushell  for  fraught  and  other  charges. 

Thus  by  this  meanes  the  Saluages  are  like  as  they  report, 
to  endure  no  small  misery  this  Winter,  and  that  some  of 
our  men  are  returned  to  their  former  Plantations. 


The  opinion  What  other  passages  or  impediments  hapned  in  their 
smttL  'ne  proceedings,  that  they  were  not  fully  reuenged  of  the 
Saluages  before  they  returned,  I  know  not;  nor  could  [I]  euer 
heare  more,  but  that  they  supposed  they  slew  two,  and 
how  it  was  impossible  for  any  men  to  doe  more  then  they 
did :  yet  worthy  Ferdinando  Courtus  had  scarce  three 
hundred  Spaniards  to  conquer  the  great  Citie  of  Mexico, 
where  thousands  of  Saluages  dwelled  in  strong  houses. 

But  because  they  were  a  ciuilised  people,  had  wealth,  and 

those  meere  Barbarians  as  wilde  as  beasts  haue  nothing ; 

I  intreat  your  patience  to  tell  you  my  opinion  :  which  if  it 

be  Gods  pleasure  I  shall  not  Hue  to  put  in  practice,  yet  it 

[/•  585-1      may  be  hereafter  vsefull  for  some  ;  but  howsoeuer  I  hope 

not  hurtfull  to  any,  and  this  it  is. 

How  to  Had  these  three  hundred  men  beene  at  my  disposing,  I 

aShe1        would  haue  sent  first  one  hundred  to  Captaine  Rawley 

vtrTmT"1   Chroshaw  to  Patawomek,  with  some  small  Ordnance  for  the 

Fort,  the  which  but  with  daily   exercising  them,  would 

haue  struck  that  loue  and  admiration  into  the  Patawomeks, 

and  terror  and  amazement  into  his  enemies,  which  are  not 

farre  off,  and  most  seated  vpon  the  other  side  the  Riuer, 

they  would  willingly  haue  beene  friends,  or  haue  giuen 

any  composition  they  could,  before  they  would  be  tormented 

with  such  a  visible  feare. 

Now  though  they  be  generally  perfidious,  yet  necessity 
constraines  those  to  a  kinde  of  constancy  because  of  their 
enemies,   and   neither  my  selfe  that   first   found   them, 


/ulyT&ij  LIB-  4.  Saluages  vnder  subiection.  601 

Captaine  Argall,  Chroshaw,  nor  Hamar,  neuer  found  them-  [16221 
selues  in  fifteene  yeares  trials  [1608-1623]  :  nor  is  it  likely 
now  they  would  haue  so  hostaged  theirmen,  suffer  the  build- 
ing of  a  Fort,  and  their  women  and  children  amongst  them, 
had  they  intended  any  villany  ;  but  suppose  they  had,  who 
would  haue  desired  a  better  aduantage  then  such  an 
aduertisement,  to  haue  prepared  the  Fort  for  such  an 
assault,  and  surely  it  must  be  a  poore  Fort  they  could  hurt, 
much  more  take,  if  there  were  but  hue  men  in  it  [that]  durst 
discharge  a  peece :  Therefore  a  man  not  well  knowing  their 
conditions,  may  be  as  wel  too  iealous  as  too  carelesse. 

Such  another  Lope  Skonce  would  I  haue  had  at  Onaw- 
manient,  and  one  hundred  men  more  to  haue  made  such 
another  at  A  tquacke  vpon  the  Riuer  of  Toppahanock,  which 
is  not  past  thirteene  miles  distant  from  Onawmanient:  each 
of  which  twelue  men  would  keepe,  as  well  as  twelue 
thousand,  and  spare  all  the  rest  to  bee  imploied  as  there 
should  be  occasion.  And  all  this  with  these  numbers 
might  easily  haue  beene  done,  if  not  by  courtesie,  yet  by 
compulsion,  especially  at  that  time  of  September  when  all 
their  fruits  were  ripe,  their  beasts  fat,  and  infinite  numbers 
of  wilde  Fowle  began  to  repaire  to  euery  creeke,  that  men 
if  they  would  doe  any  thing,  could  not  want  victuall. 

This  done,  there  remained  yet  one  hundred  who  should 
haue  done  the  like  at  Ozinieke,  vpon  the  Riuer  of  Chickaha- 
tnania,  not  past  six  [159]  miles  from  the  chiefe  habitations 
of  Opechankanough.  These  small  Forts  had  beene  cause 
sufficient  to  cause  all  the  Inhabitants  of  each  of  those 
Riuers  to  looke  to  themselues. 

Then  hauing  so  many  Ships,  Barks,  and  Boats  in  Virginia 
as  there  was  at  that  present,  with  what  facility  might  you 
haue  landed  two  hundred  and  twentie  men,  if  you  had  but 
onely  fiue  or  six  Boats  in  one  night ;  forty  to  range  the 
branch  of  Mattapanyent,  fortie  more  that  of  Youghtanund,  and 
fortie  more  to  keepe  their  randiuous  oXPamavuke  it  selfe.  All 
which  places  lie  so  neere,  they  might  heare  from  each  other 
within  foure  or  fiue  houres ;  and  not  any  of  those  small 
parties,  if  there  were  any  valour,  discretion,  or  industry  in 
them,  but  as  sufficient  as  foure  thousand,  to  force  them  all 
to  contribution,  or  take  or  spoile  all  they  had.  For  hauing 
thus  so  many  conuenient  randeuous  to  releeue  each  other, 


602  The  arriuall  of  Lib.  4.  [j;J; s™*- 

[1622]  though  all  the  whole  Countries  had  beene  our  enemies, 
where  could  they  rest,  but  in  the  depth  of  Winter  we  might 
burne  all  the  houses  vpon  all  those  Riuers  in  two  or  three 
daies?  Then  without  fires  they  could  not  liue,  which  they 
could  not  so  hide  but  wee  should  finde,  and  quickly  lj  tire 
them  with  watching  and  warding,  they  would  be  so  weary 
of  their  liues,  as  either  fly  [from]  all  their  Countries,  or  giue 
all  they  had  to  be  released  of  such  an  hourely  misery. 

Nowif  but  a  small  number  of  the  Saluages  would  assist  vs, 
as  there  is  no  question  but  diuers  of  them  would  ;  And  to 
suppose  they  could  not  be  drawne  to  such  faction,  were  to 
beleeue  they  are  more  vertuous  then  many  Christians,  and 
the  best  gouerned  people  in  the  world.  All  the  Pamavukes 
might  haue  beene  dispatched  as  well  in  a  moneth  as  a 
yeare,  and  then  to  haue  dealt  with  any  other  enemies  at 
our  pleasure,  and  yet  made  all  this  toile  and  danger  but  a 
recreation. 

If  you  think  this  strange  or  impossible,  12  men  with  my 
selfe  I  found  sufficient,  to  goe  where  I  would  adaies,  and 
surprise  a  house  with  the  people,  if  not  a  whole  towne, 
in  a  night,  or  incounter  all  the  power  they  could  make,  as 

M&m*.  a  whole  Army,  as  formerly  at  large  hath  beene  related: 
And  it  seemes  by  these  small  parties  last  amongst  them, 
by  Captaine  Crashow,  Hatnar,  and  Madyson,  they  are  not 
growne  to  that  excellency  in  policy  and  courage  but  they 
might  bee  encountred,  and  their  wiues  and  children  appre- 
hended. 

I  know  I  shall  bee  taxed  for  writing  so  much  of  my 
selfe :  but  I  care  not  much,  because  the  iudiciall  know 
there  are  few  such  Souldiers  as  are  my  examples,  haue 
writ  their  owne  actions,  nor  know  I  who  will  or  can  tell 
my  intents  better  then  my  selfe. 

Some  againe  finde  as  much  fault  with  the  Company  for 
medling  with  so  many  Plantations  together,  because  they 
that  haue  many  Irons  in  the  fire  some  must  burne ;  but  I 
thinke  no  if  they  haue  men  enow  know  how  to  worke  them, 
but  howsoeuer,  it  were  better  some  burne  then  haue  none 
at  all.  The  King  of  Spaine  regards  but  how  many  power- 
full  Kingdomes  he  keepes  vnder  his  obedience,  and  for  the 
Saluage  Countries  he  hath  subiected,  they  are  more  then 


458.] 


Ed*  byjuiys?6£:]  Lib.  4.   Captaine  Butler  into  Virginia. 


603 


enow  for  a  good  Cosmographer  to  nominate,  and  is  three  [1622-3] 
Mole-hills  so  much  to  vs  ;  and  so  many  Empires  so  little 
for  him  ?  For  my  owne  part,  I  cannot  chuse  but  grieue, 
that  the  actions  of  an  Englishman  should  be  inferior  to 
any,  and  that  the  command  of  England  should  not  be  as 
great  as  any  Monarchy  that  euerwas  since  the  world  began, 
I  meane  not  as  a  Tyrant  to  torment  all  Christendome, 
but  to  suppresse  her  disturbers,  and  conquer  her  enemies. 

For  the  great  Romans  got  into  their  hand 

The  whole  worlds  compasse,  both  by  Sea  and  Land, 

Or  any  seas,  or  heauen,  or  earth  extended, 

A  nd  yet  that  Nation  could  not  be  contented. 


Much  about  this  time,  arriued  a  small  Barke  of  Barnes-  Tfh^rJ2„J 
table,  which  had  beene  at  the   Summer  lies,  and  in  her  %utur*™d. 
Captaine  Nathaniel  Butler,  who  hauing  beene  Gouernour  dents.01" 
there  three  yeares,  and  his  Commission  expired,  he  tooke 
the  opportunity  of  this  ship  to  see  Virginia   [p.  685].     At 
lames  Towne  he  was  kindly  entertained  [160]  by  Sit  Francis 
Wyat  the  Gouernour. 

After  he  had  rested  there  fourteene  daies,  he  fell  vp  with 
his  ship  to  the  Riuer  of  Chickahamania,  where  meeting 
Captaine  William  Powell,  ioyning  together  such  forces  as 
they  had  to  the  number  of  eighty,  they  set  vpon  the 
Chickahamanians,  that  fearefully  fled,  suffering  the  English 
to  spoile  all  they  had,  not  daring  to  resist  them. 

Thus  he  returned  to  lames  towne,  where  hee  staied  a 
moneth,  at  Kecoughtan  as  much  more,  and  so  returned  for 
England  [Feb.  1623]. 

But  riding  at  Kecoughtan,  Master  Iohn  Argent,  sonne  to  ^fJJJJJJ^ 
Doctor  Argent,  a  young  Gentleman  that  went  with  Cap-  of  Master 
taine  Butler  from  England  to  this  place,  Michael  Fuller,  %$£.'"* 
William  Gany,  Cornelius  May,  and  one  other  going  ashore 
with  some  goods  late  in  a  faire  euening,  such  a  sudden 
gust  did  arise,  that  driue  [drove]  them  thwart  the  Riuer,  in 
that  place  at  least  three  orfoure  miles  in  bredth,  where  the 
shore  was  so  shallow  at  a  low  water,  and  the  Boat  beating 
vpon  the  Sands,  they  left  her,  wading  neere  halfe  a  mile, 
and  oft  vp  to  the  chin.    So  well  it  hapned,  Master  Argent 
had  put  his  Bandileir  of  powder  in  his  hat,  which  next  God 


604    A  strange  deliuerance  of  M.  Argent.  Lib.  4.  [Ed"  by/uiy T^ 

[1623]  Was  all  their  presentations  :  for  it  being  February  [1623], 
and  the  ground  so  cold,  their  bodies  became  so  benumbed, 
they  were  not  able  to  strike  fire  with  a  Steele  and  a  stone 
hee  had  in  his  pocket ;  the  stone  they  lost  twice,  and  thus 
those  poore  soules  groping  in  the  darke,  it  was  Master 
Argents  chance  to  finde  it,  and  with  a  few  withered  leaues, 
reeds,  and  brush,  make  a  small  fire,  being  vpon  the 
Chisapeaks  shore,  their  mortall  enemies,  great  was  their 
feare  to  be  discouered. 

The  ioyfull  morning  appearing,  they  found  their  Boat 
and  goods  driue[n]  ashore,  not  farre  from  them,  but  so  split 
shee  was  vnseruiceable  :  but  so  much  was  the  frost,  their 
clothes  did  freeze  vpon  their  backs,  for  they  durst  not  make 
any  great  fire  to  dry  them,  lest  thereby  the  bloudy  Saluages 
might  discry  them,  so  that  one  of  them  died  the  next  day  ; 
and  the  next  night,  digging  a  graue  in  the  Sands  with 
their  hands,  buried  him. 

In  this  bodily  feare  they  liued  and  fasted  two  daies  and 
nights,  then  two  of  them  went  into  the  Land  to  seeke  fresh 
water ;  the  others  to  the  Boat  to  get  some  meale  and  oyle. 
Argent  and  his  Comrado  found  a  Canow,  in  which  they 
resolued  to  aduenture  to  their  ship,  but  shee  was  a  drift  in 
the  Riuer  before  they  returned.  Thus  frustrate  of  all  hopes, 
Captaine  Butlerthe  third  night  rangingthe  shore  in  his  Boat 
to  seeke  them,  discharged  his  Muskets ;  but  they  supposing 
it  some  Saluages  [that]  had  got  some  English  peeces,  they 
grew  more  perplexed  then  euer:  so  he  returned  and  lost  his 
labour. 

The  fourth  day  they  vnloaded  their  Boat,  and  stopping 
her  leakes  with  their  handkerchiefes,  and  other  rags,  two 
rowing,  and  two  bailing  out  the  water;  but  farre  they 
went  not  ere  the  water  grew  vpon  them  so  fast,  and  they 
so  tired,  they  thought  themselues  happy  to  be  on  shore 
againe,  though  they  perceiued  the  Indians  were  not  farre 
off  by  their  fires. 

Thus  at  the  very  period  of  despaire,  Fuller  vndertooke 
to  sit  a  stride  vpon  a  little  peece  of  an  old  Canow;  so 
well  it  pleased  God  the  wind  and  tide  serued,  by  padling 
with  his  hands  and  feet  in  the  water,  beyond  all  expec- 
tation God  so  guided  him  three  or  foure  houres  vpon  this 
boord,  [that]  he  arriued  at  their  ship,  where  they  no  lesse 


Ed,byjJui^4.*]    Lib.  4.  A  strange  deliverance  of  M.  Argent.    605 

amazed,  then  he  tired  they  tooke  him  in.  Presently  as  [1622-3] 
he  had  concluded  with  his  Companions,  he  caused  them 
discharge  a  peece  of  Ordnance  if  he  escaped  :  which  gaue 
no  lesse  comfort  to  Master  A  rgent  and  the  rest,  then  terror 
to  those  Plantations  that  heard  it,  (being  late)  at  such  an 
vnexpected  alarum  ;  but  after,  with  warme  clothes  and  a 
little  strong  water,  they  had  a  little  recouered  him,  such 
was  his  courage  and  care  of  his  distressed  friends,  he 
returned  that  night  againe  with  Master  Felgate  to  conduct 
him  to  them  :  and  so  giuing  thanks  to  God  for  so  hopelesse 
a  deliuerance,  it  pleased  his  Diuine  power,  both  they  and 
their  prouision  came  safely  aboord,  but  Fuller  they  doubt 
will  neuer  recouer  his  benumbed  legs  and  thighes. 

Now  before  Butlers  arriuall  in  England,  many  hard 
speeches  were  rumored  against  him  for  so  leauing  his 
charge,  before  he  receiued  order  from  the  Company. 
Diuers  againe  of  his  Souldiers  as  highly  commended  him, 
for  his  good  government,  [161]  art,  iudgement  and  industry. 

But  to  make  the  misery  of  Virginia  appeare  that  it 
might  be  reformed  in  time,  how  all  those  Cities,  Townes, 
Corporations,  Forts,  Vineyards,  Nurseries  of  Mulberies, 
Glasse-houses,  Iron  forges,  Guest-houses,  Silke-wormes, 
Colleges,  the  Companies  great  estate,  and  that  plenty  some 
doe  speake  of  here,  are  rather  things  in  words  and  paper 
then  in  effect,  with  diuers  reasons  of  the  causes  of  those 
defects  ;  if  it  were  false,  his  blame  nor  shame  could  not  be 
too  much :  but  if  there  bee  such  defects  in  the  gouernment, 
and  distresse  in  the  Colony,  it  is  thought  by  many  it  hath 
beene  too  long  concealed,  and  requireth  rather  reformation 
then  disputation  :  but  howeuer,  it  were  not  amisse  to  pro- 
uide  for  the  worst,  for  the  best  will  help  it  selfe.  Notwith- 
standing, it  was  apprehended  so  hardly,  and  examined  with 
that  passion,  that  the  bru[i]te  thereof  was  spread  abroad  with 
that  expedition,  it  did  more  hurt  then  the  massacre ;  and 
the  fault  of  all  now  by  the  vulgar  rumour,  must  be  attri- 
buted to  the  vnwholesomnesse  of  the  ayre,  and  barrennesse 
of  the  Countrey :  as  though  all  England  were  naught, 
because  the  Fens  and  Marshes  are  vnhealthy  ;  or  barren, 
because  some  will  lie  vnder  windowes  and  starue  in  Cheap- 
side,  rot  in  Goales,  die  in  the  street,  high-waies,  or  any 


ivomek* 


606  Captaine  Spilman  left  in  Patawomek.  Lib.  4.  [Ed- by^ ;££ 

[1623]  where,  and  vse  a  thousand  deuices  to  maintaine  them- 
selues  in  those  miseries,  rather  then  take  any  paines  to 
liue  as  they  may  by  honest  labour,  and  a  great  part  of  such 
like  are  the  Planters  of  Virginia,  and  partly  the  occasion 
of  those  defailements. 

1623.  In  the  latter  end  of  this  last  yeare,  or  the  beginning  of 

Jsoufh!*  tn^s»  Captaine  Henrie  Spilman  a  Gentleman,  that  hath 
TnSSTrer  ^ue(*  m  tnose  Countries  thirteene  or  fourteene  yeares 
HoT™"  [1609-1622,  see  pp.  172,  498,  503,  528,  606],  one  of  the  best 
gjjjj  Interpreters  in  the  Land,  being  furnished  with  a  Barke 
wm  left  fa  and  six  and  twentie  men,  hee  was  sent  to  trucke  in  the 
?«*.merof  Riuer  of  Patawomek,  where  he  had  liued  a  long  time 
amongst  the  Saluages. 

Whether  hee  presumed  too  much  vpon  his  acquaintance 
amongst  them,  or  they  sought  to  be  reuenged  of  any  for 
the  slaughter  made  amongst  them  by  the  English  so 
lately  [p.  598],  or  hee  sought  to  betray  them,  or  they  him, 
are  all  seueral  relations,  but  it  seemes  but  imaginary :  for 
they  [who]  returned,  report  they  left  him  ashore  about 
Patawomek,  but  the  name  of  the  place  they  knew  not,  with 
one  and  twentie  men,  being  but  hue  in  the  Barke. 

The  Saluages,  ere  they  suspected  any  thing,  boorded 
them  with  their  Canowes,  and  entred  so  fast,  the  English 
were  amazed,  till  a  Sailer  gaue  lire  to  a  peece  of  Ordnance 
onely  at  randome ;  at  the  report  whereof,  the  Saluages 
leapt  ouer-boord,  so  distracted  with  feare,  they  left  their 
Canowes  and  swum  a  shore ;  and  presently  after  they 
heard  a  great  bru[i]te  amongst  the  Saluages  a  shore,  and 
saw  a  mans  head  throwne  downe  the  banke.  Whereupon 
they  weighed  Anchor  and  returned  home,  but  how  he  was 
surprised  or  slaine,  is  vncertaine. 

Thus  things  proceed  and  vary  not  a  iot, 
Whether  we  know  them,  or  we  know  them  not. 


& 


A  particular  of  such  necessaries 

as  either  priuate  families,  or  single 

persons,  shall  haue  cause  to  prouide  to  goe 

to  Virginia,  whereby  greater  numbers  may 

in  part  conceiue  the  better  how  to  prouide 

for  themselues. 


Apparell. 
Monmoth  Cap 
3  falling  bands. 
3  shirts, 
i  Waste-coat, 
i  suit  of  Canuase 
i  suit  of  Frize. 
i  suit  of  Cloth. 

3  paire  of  Irish 
stockings.  4s. 

4  paire  of  shooes.  8s.  8d. 
1  paire  of  garters.  lod. 
1  dozen  of  points.  [162]  3d. 
1  paire    of    Canuas 


[1623] 


is.  lod. 
is.    3d. 


75. 

2S. 

7s. 

1  OS. 

15s. 


6d. 
2d. 
6d. 


sheets. 
7  ells  of  Canuas  to 
make  a  bed  and 
boulster,  to   be 


8s. 


filled  in  Virginia, 
seruing  for  two 
men. 

ells  of  course  Can- 
uas to  make  a  bed 
at  Sea  for  two  men. 


1  course  rug  at  sea 
for  two  men. 


8s. 


5*- 


6s. 


Apparrell 
for  one  man, 
and  so  after 
the  rate  for 
more. 


ll.  [i.e..  for  one  man.] 


608     Such  things  as  men  ought  to  provide  Lib.  4.  [Ed"by/U*iy 


Smith. 
1624. 


[1623]      Victuall  for  a  whole  year e  for 
a  man,  and  so  after  the 
rate  for  more. 

8  bushels  of  meale.  2/. 

2  bushels  of  pease.       6s. 

2  bushels  of  Ote- 
meale. 

1  gallon  of   Aqua- 
vita. 

1  gallon  of  oyle. 

2  gallons    of    Vine 
ger. 


gs. 

2s.  6d. 
3s.  6d. 


2S. 


3*-  3*- 


A  rmes  for  a  man ;  but  if  halfe 

your  men  be  armed  it  is 

well,  so  all  haue  swords 

and  peeces. 

I  Armor  compleat, 

light.  17s. 

1  long  peece  fiue 
foot  and  a  halfe, 
neere  Musket 
bore.  1/.  2s. 

1  Sword.  5s. 

1  Belt.  is. 

1  Bandilier.  is.  6d. 

20  pound  of  powder.  18s. 

60  pound  of  shot 
or  Lead,  Pistoll 
and  Goose  shot.       5s. 


3/.  9s.  6d. 


Toolcs  for  a  family  of  six  per 

sons,  and  so  after  the  rate 
for  more. 
5  broad  howes  at 

2s.  a  peece. 
5  narrow  howes  at 

i6d.  a  peece 
2  broad  axes  at  3s. 

Sd.  a  peece. 

5  felling    axes    at 
i8d.  a  peece 

2  Steele  handsawes 

at  i6d.  a  peece. 
2  two  handsawes  at 

5s.  a  peece. 

1  whipsaw,  set  and 
filed;  with  box, 
file  and  wrest. 

2  hammers  I2d.  a 
peece. 

3  shouels  at  iSd.  a 
peece. 

2  spades   at  iSd.  a 

peece. 
2  Augers  at  6d.  peece 

6  Chissels  at  6d.  a 
peece. 

2  Percers     stocked 

[at]  \d.  a  peece. 
3Gimbletsat2^.apeece. 
2  Hatchets  at  21^. 

a  peece. 
2  frowes   to    cleaue 

pale  i8d.  each. 
2  hand  Bills  20^.  a 

peece. 

1  Grindstone. 
Nailes  of  all  sorts  to 

the  value  of        2/ 

2  Pickaxes. 


1  os. 

6s.  U. 

ys.  4d. 

ys.  6d. 

2s.  8d. 
1  os. 

I  OS. 
2S. 

4s.  6d. 
3*- 

IS. 


3S. 


6d. 


3s.  6d. 

35. 

3s.  ^d. 

4s. 


35. 


61.  2S.  8d. 


Ed"  by/uiy?624.]  Lib.  4.       when  they  goe  to  Virginia. 


609 


Houshold  implements  for  a 

family  and  six  persons, 

and  so  for  more  or  lesse 

after  the  rate. 

Iron  pot. 
Kettell. 

large  Frying-pan. 
Gridiron. 
Skellets. 
Spit. 
Platters,  dishes, 
spoones  of  wood. 


78. 

6s. 

2s.  6d. 
is.  6d. 
5*- 

2S. 


4s. 


il.  8s. 


For  Sugar,  Spice,  and  Fruit, 

and  at  Sea  for  six   men. 

12s.  6d. 

So  the  full  charge  after  this 
rate  for  each  person,  will 
amount  to  about  the 
summe  of       12I.  10s.  lod. 

The  passage  of  each  man 
is  61. 

The  fraught  of  these  pro- 
uisions  for  a  man,  will  be 
about  halfe  a  tun,  which 
is  il.  105. 

So  the  whole  charge  will 
amount  to  about  20I. 


[1623] 


Now  if  the  number  be  great ;  [not  only]  Nets,  Hooks, 
and  Lines,  but  Cheese,  Bacon,  Kine  and  Goats  must  be 
added. 

And  this  is  the  vsuall  proportion  the  Virginia  Company 
doe  bestow  vpon  their  Tenents  they  send. 


39 


[1624] 


The  causes 
of  our  first 


A   briefe  relation  written   by 

Captaine  Smith  to  his  Maiesties 

Commissioners  for  the  reformation 

of  Virginia^  concerning  some 

aspersions  against  it. 

[Onourable  Gentlemen,  for  so  many  faire 
and  Nauigable  Riuers  so  neere  adioyn- 
ing,  and  piercing  thorow  so  faire  a 
naturall  Land,  free  from  any  inunda- 
tions, or  large  Fenny  vnwholsome 
Marshes,  I  haue  not  seene,  read,  nor 
heard  of:  And  for  the  building  of  Cities, 
Townes,  and  Wharfage,  if  they  will  vse 
the  meanes,  where  there  is  no  more  ebbe  nor  floud, 
Nature  in  few  places  affoords  any  so  conuenient.  For  salt 
Marshes  or  Quagmires,  [163]  in  this  tract  of  lames 
Towne  Riuer  I  know  very  few ;  some  small  Marshes  and 
Swamps  there  are,  but  more  profitable  than  hurtfull :  and 
I  thinke  there  is  more  low  Marsh  ground  betwixt  Eriffe  and 
Chelsey,  then  Kecoughton  and  the  Falls,  which  is  about  one 
hundred  and  eighty  miles  by  the  course  of  the  Riuer. 

Being  enioyned  by  our  Commission  not  to  vnplant  nor 
wrong  the  Saluages,  because  the  channell  was  so  neere  the 
shore,  where  now  is  lames  Towne,  then  a  thick  groue  of  i 
trees;  wee  cut  them  downe,  where  the  Saluages  pretending 
as  much  kindnesse  as  could  bee,  they  hurt  and  slew  one 
and  twenty  of  vs  in  two  houres.  At  this  time  our  diet  was 
for  most  part  water  and  bran,  and  three  ounces  of  little 


J's?624.]  Lib.  4.      Of  the  Commodities  of  the  Countrey.         61  i 

better  stuffe  in  bread  for  fiue  men  a  meale ;  and  thus  we  [1607-8] 
liued  neere  three  moneths :  our  lodgings  vnder  boughes  of 
trees,  the  Saluages  being  our  enemies,  whom  we  neither 
knew  nor  vnderstood;  occasions  I  thinke  sufficient  to  make 
men  sicke  and  die. 

Necessity  thus  did  inforce  me  with  eight  or  nine,  to  try  I"1?8,- 
conclusions  amongst  the  Saluages,  that  we  got  prouision  mVL in 
which  recouered  the  rest|being  most  sicke.   Six  weeks  [see  £1HM' 
p.  531]  I  was  led  captiue  by  those  Barbarians,  though  some 
of  my  men  were  slaine,  and  the  rest  fled ;  yet  it  pleased 
God  to  make  their  great  Kings  daughter  the  means  to 
returne  me  safe  to  lames  towne,  and  releeue  our  wants : 
and  then  [8  Jan.  1608]  our  Common-wealth  was  in  all 
eight  and  thirty,  the  remainder  of  one  hundred  and  fiue. 

Being  supplied  with  one  hundred  and  twenty,  with  twelue  JhJJjjJJjf. 
men   in   a  boat  of  three  tuns,  I  spent  fourteene  weeks  finesse 
in  [2  June — 21  July,  and  24  July — 7  Sept.  1608]  those  large  countrey 
waters;  the  contents  of  the  way  of  my  boat  protracted 
by  the  skale  of  proportion,  was  about  three  thousand  miles, 
besides  the   Riuer  we  dwell  vpon :  where   no   Christian 
knowne  euer  was,  and  our  diet  for  the  most  part  what  we 
could  finde,  yet  but  one  died. 

The  Saluages  being  acquainted,  that  by  command  from  gj^* 
England  we  durst  not  hurt  them,  were  much  imboldned ;  became 
that  famine  and  their  insolencies  did  force  me  to  breake  sublected- 
our  Commission  and  instructions ;  cause  Powhatan  [to]  fly 
his  Countrey,  and  take  the  King  of  Pamavnke  Prisoner ;  and 
also  to  keepe  the  King  of  Paspahegh  in  shackels,  and  put 
his  men  to  double  taskes  in  chaines,  till  nine  and  thirty  of 
their  Kings  paied  vs  contribution,  and  the  offending  Sal- 
uages sent  to  lames  towne  to  punish  at  our  owne  discre- 
tions :  in  the  two  last  yeares  [Oct.  1607 — Oct.  1609]  I  staied 
there,  I  had  not  a  man  slaine. 

All  those  conclusions  being  not  able  to  preuent  the  bad  P°^wfeh 
euents  of  pride   and   idlenesse,  hauing  receiued  another  natural 
supply  of  seuentie,  we  were  about  two  hundred  in  all,  but  cSS^* 
not  twentie  work-men :  In  following  the  strict  directions 
from  England  to  doe  that  was  impossible  at  that  time;  So 
it  hapned,  that  neither  wee  nor  they  had  any  thing  to  eat 
but  what  the  Countrey  afforded  naturally ;  yet  of  eightie 
who  liued  vpon  Oysters  in  Iune  and  Iuly  [1609],  with  a 


6 1 2       Of  the  Commodities  of  the  Countrey.       Lib.  4.  [J  Sl^*; 

[1608-9]  pint  of  corne  a  week  for  a  man  lying  vnder  trees,  and  120 
for  the  most  part  liuing  vpon  Sturgion,  which  was  dried 
til  we  pounded  it  to  powder  for  meale,  yet  in  ten  weeks 
[1  May — 10  July  1609]  but  seuen  died. 

^ioofeof  the      it  is  true,  we  had  of  Tooles,  Armes,  and  Munition  suffi- 

wemumed.  cient,  some  Aquavita,  Vineger,  Meale,  Pease,  and  Ote- 
meale,  but  in  two  yeares  and  a  halfe  not  sufficient  for  six 
moneths ;  though  by  the  bils  of  loading  the  proportions 
sent  vs,  would  well  haue  contented  vs  :  notwithstanding  we 
sent  home  ample  proofes  of  Pitch,  Tar,  Sope  Ashes, 
Wainskot,  Clapboord,  Silke  grasse,  Iron  Ore,  some 
Sturgion  and  Glasse,  Saxefras,  Cedar,  Cypris,  and  blacke 
Walnut;  crowned  Powhatan;  sought  the  Monacans  Countrey, 
according  to  the  instructions  sent  vs,  but  they  caused  vs 
[to]  neglect  more  necessary  workes:  they  had  better  haue 
giuen  for  Pitch  and  Sope  ashes  one  hundred  pound  a  tun 
in  Denmarke :  Wee  also  maintained  fiue  or  six  seuerall 
Plantations. 

what  we  lames  towne  being  burnt  [Jan.  1608],  wee  rebuilt  it  and 

three  Forts  more:  besidesthe  Church  and  Store-house,we  had 

\p-  957.]  about  fortie  or  fiftie  seuerall  houses  to  keepe  vs  warme  and 
dry,  inuironed  with  a  palizado  of  foureteene  or  fifteene  foot, 
and  each  as  much  as  three  or  foure  men  could  carrie.  We 
digged  a  faire  Well  of  fresh  water  in  the  Fort,  where  wee 
had  three  Bulwarks,  foure  and  twentie  peece[s]  of  Ordnance 
[164]  (of  Culuering,  Demiculuering,  Sacar  and  Falcon), 
and  most  well  mounted  vpon  conuenient  plat-formes:  [and] 
planted  one  hundred  acres  of  Corne.  We  had  but  six 
ships  to  transport  and  supply  vs,  and  but  two  hundred 
seuenty  seuen  men,  boies,  and  women :  by  whose  labours 
Virginia  being  brought  to  this  kinde  of  perfection,  the 
most  difficulties  past,  and  the  foundation  thus  laid  by  this 
small  meanes ;  yet  because  we  had  done  no  more,  they 
called  in  our  Commission,  tooke  a  new  in  their  owne 
names,  and  appointed  vs  neere  as  many  offices  and  Officers 
as  I  had  Souldiers,  that  neither  knew  vs  nor  wee  them, 
without  our  consents  or  knowledge. 

Since  [by  1624],  there  haue  gone  more  then  one  hundred 

ships  of  other  proportions,  and  eight  or  ten  thousand  people. 

Now  if  you  please  to  compare  what  hath  beene  spent, 


J'ST<524'.]    The  reason  why  Capt.  Smith  left  the  Countrey.      613 

sent,  discouered,  and  done  this  fifteene  yeares  [1609-1624],      [1608- 
by  that  we  did  in  the  three  first  yeares :  and  [that]  euery      1624] 
Gouernor  that  hath  beene  there  since,  giue  you  but  such 
an  account  as  this,  you  may  easily  finde  what  hath  beene 
the  cause  of  those  disasters  in  Virginia. 

Then  came  [about  10  July  1609]  in  Ca-ptame  A  r gall,  and 
Master  Sedan,  in  a  ship  of  Master  Cornelius,  to  fish  for 
Sturgion;  who  had  such  good  prouision,we  contracted  with 
them  for  it,  whereby  we  were  better  furnished  then  euer. 

Not  long  after  came  in  seuen  ships  [11 — 14  August  1609], 
with  about  three  hundred  people ;  but  rather  to  supplant 
vs  then  supply  vs :  their  Admirall  with  their  authoritie  being 
cast  away  in  the  Bermudas,  very  angry  they  were  we  had 
made  no  better  prouisionfor  them.  Seuen  or  eight  weekes 
[11  Aug. — 4  Oct.  1609]  we  withstood  the  invndations  of  these 
disorderly  humors,  till  I  was  neere  blowne  to  death  with 
Gun-powder,  which  occasioned  me  to  returne  for  England. 

In  the  yeare  1609  about  Michaelmas  [viz.,  on  Oct.  4,  see  How  1  left 
p.  xcviii] ,  I  left  the  Countrey,  as  is  formerly  related ,  with  three  tr£ 
ships,  seuen  Boats,  Commodities  to  trade,  haruest  newly 
gathered,  eight  weeks  prouision  of  Corne  and  Meale,  about 
fiue  hundred  persons,  three  hundred  Muskets,  shot  powder 
and  match  with  armes  for  more  men  then  we  had.  The 
Saluages  their  language  and  habitation  well  knowne  to  two 
hundred  expert  Souldiers;  Nets  for  fishing,  tooles  of  all 
sorts,  apparell  to  supply  their  wants :  six  Mares  and  a 
Horse,  fiue  or  six  hundred  Swine,  many  more  Powltry, 
what  was  brought  or  bred,  but  [except]  victuall,  there 
remained. 

Hauing  spent  some  fiue  yeares  [1604-1609],  and  more  My  charge 
then  fiue  hundred  pounds  in  procuring  the  Letters  Patents 
and  setting  forward,  and  neere  as  much  more  about  New 
England,  &c.  Thus  these  nineteene  yeares  [1603-1624]  I 
haue  here  and  there  not  spared  any  thing  according  to  my 
abilitie,  nor  the  best  aduice  I  could,  to  perswade  how  those 
strange  miracles  of  misery  might  haue  beene  preuented, 
which  lamentable  experience  plainly  taught  me  of  necessity 
must  insue,  but  few  would  beleeue  me  till  now  too  deerely 
they  haue  paid  for  it.    Wherefore  hitherto  I  haue  rather  left 


6 14       The  reason  why  Capt.  Smith  left  the  Countrey.  [J- 


Smith. 
1634. 


[1624]  all  then  vndertake  impossibilities,  or  any  more  such  costly 
Myrtwwd.  taskes  at  such  chargeable  rates:  for  in  neither  of  those  two 
Countries  haue  I  one  foot  of  Land,  nor  the  very  house  I 
builded,  nor  the  ground  I  digged  with  my  owne  hands,  nor 
euer  any  content  or  satisfaction  at  all.  And  though  I  see 
ordinarily  those  two  Countries  shared  before  me  by  them 
that  neither  haue  them  nor  knowes  them,  but  by  my 
descriptions :  Yet  that  doth  not  so  much  trouble  me,  as  to 
heare  and  see  those  contentions  and  diuisions  which  will 
hazard  if  not  ruine  the  prosperitie  of  Virginia,  if  present 
remedy  bee  not  found,  as  they  haue  hindred  many  hun- 
dreds, who  would  haue  beene  there  ere  now,  and  makes 
them  yet  that  are  willing  to  stand  in  a  demurre. 

For  the  Books  and  Maps  I  haue  made,  I  will  thanke  him 
that  will  shew  me  so  much  for  so  little  recompence ;  and 
beare  with  their  errors  till  I  haue  done  better.  For  the 
materials  in  them  I  cannot  deny,  but  am  ready  to  affirme 
them  both  there  and  here,  vpon  such  grounds  as  I  haue 
propounded :  which  is  to  haue  but  fifteene  hundred  men  to 
subdue  againe  the  Saluages,  fortifie  the  Countrey,  discouer 
that  yet  vnknowne,  and  both  defend  and  feed  their  Colony, 
which  I  most  humbly  refer  to  his  Maiesties  most  iudiciall 
iudgement,  and  the  most  honourable  Lords  of  his  [165] 
Priuy  Councill,  you  his  trusty  and  well-beloued  Commis- 
sioners, and  the  Honourable  company  of  Planters  and 
well-willers  to  Virginia,  New-England  and  Sommer-I lands. 


Out  of  these  Obseruations  it  pleased 

his  Maiesties  Commissioners  for 

the  reformation  of  Virginia ,  to 

desire  my  answer  to  these 

seuen  Questions. 


Quest,  i.  W^iWVfS^M Hat  conceiue  you  is  the  cause 

the  Plantation  hath  prospered 
no  better  since  you  left  it  in 
so  good  a  forwardnesse  ? 

Answ.  Idlenesse  and  care- 
lesnesse  brought  all  I  did 
in  three  yeeres,  in  six 
moneths  to  nothing ;  and 
of  fiue  hundred  I  left,  scarce  threescore  remained ;  and 
had  Sir  Thomas  Gates  not  got  from  the  Bermudas,  I  thinke 
they  had  beene  all  dead  before  they  could  be  supplied. 

Quest.  2.  What  conceiue  you  should  be  the  cause,  though 
the  Country  be  good,  there  comes  nothing  but  Tobacco  ? 

Answ  The  oft  altering  of  Gouernours  it  seemes  causes 
euery  man  [to]  make  vse  of  his  time,  and  because  Corne  was 
stinted  at  two  shillings  six  pence  the  bushell,  and  Tobacco 
at  three  shillings  the  pound;  and  they  value  a  mans  labour 
a  yeere  worth  fifty  or  threescore  pound,  but  in  Corne  not 
worth  ten  pound,  presuming  Tobacco  will  furnish  them  with 
all  things:  now  make  a  mans  labour  in  Corne  worth  three- 
score pound,  and  in  Tobacco  but  ten  pound  a  man,  then  shall 
they  haue  Corne  sufficient  to  entertaine  all  commers,  and 


[1624] 


616  Answer  to  the  Commissioners  Questions.     Lib.  4.  [JS?j£; 

[1624]      keepe  their  people  in  health  to  doe  any  thing;  but  till  then, 
there  will  be  little  or  nothing  to  any  purpose. 

Quest.  3.  What  conceiue  you  to  haue  beene  the  cause  of  the 
Massacre,  and  had  the  Saluages  had  the  vse  of  any  peeces  in 
your  time,  or  when,  or  by  whom  they  were  taught  ? 

Answ.  The  cause  of  the  Massacre  was  the  want  of 
marshall  discipline;  and  because  they  would  haue  all  the 
English  had  by  destroying  those  they  found  so  carelesly 
secure,  that  they  were  not  prouided  to  defend  themselues 
against  any  enemy;  being  so  dispersed  as  they  were.  In  my 
time,  though  Captaine  Nuport  furnished  them  with  swords 
by  truck,  and  many  fugitiues  did  the  like,  and  some  Peeces 
they  got  accidentally :  yet  I  got  the  most  of  them  againe ; 
and  it  was  death  to  him  that  should  shew  a  Saluage  the 
vse  of  a  Peece.  Since,  I  vnderstand,  they  became  so  good 
shot,  they  were  imployed  for  Fowlers  and  Huntsmen  by 
the  English. 

Quest.  4.  What  charge  thinke  you  would  haue  setled  the 
gouernment  both  for  defence  and  planting  when  you  left  it  ? 

Answ.  Twenty  thousand  pound  would  haue  hyred  good 
labourers  and  mechanicall  men,  and  haue  furnished  them 
[/>•  487  930.  with  cattle  and  all  necessaries ;  and  100.  of  them  would  haue 
done  more  then  a  thousand  of  those  that  went :  though  the 
Lord  Law  are,  Sir  Ferdinando  Waynman,  Sir  Thomas  Gates 
and  Sir  Thomas  Dale  were  perswaded  to  the  contrary  ;  but 
when  they  had  tried,  they  confessed  their  error. 

Quest.  5.  What  conceiue  you  would  be  the  remedy  and  the 
charge  ? 

Answ.  The  remedy  is  to  send  Souldiers  and  all  sorts  of 
labourers  and  necessaries  for  them,  that  they  may  be  there 
by  next  Michaelmas  [1624],  the  which  to  doe  well  will  stand 
you  in  fiue  thousand  pound  :  but  if  his  Maiesty  would 
please  to  lend  two  of  his  Ships  to  transport  them,  lesse 
would  serue  ;  besides  the  benefit  of  his  grace  to  the  action 
would  encourage  all  men. 

Quest.  6.  What  thinke  you  are  the  defects  of  the  gouernment 
both  here  and  there  ? 

Answ.  The  multiplicity  of  opinions  here,  and  Officers 
there,  makes  such  delaies  by  questions  and  formalitie,  that 
as  much  time  is  spent  in  complement  as  in  action  ;  [166] 
besides,  some  are  so  desirous  to  imploy  their  ships,  hauing 


J'ST<524-]  Lib.  4.  Answer  to  the  Commissioners  Questions.    617 

six  pounds  for  euery  Passenger,  and  three  pounds  for  euery  [1624] 
tun  of  goods,  at  which  rate  a  thousand  ships  may  now 
better  be  procured  then  one  at  the  first,  when  the  common 
6tocke  defrayed  all  fraughts,  wages,  prouisions  and  Maga- 
zines, whereby  the  Ships  are  so  pestred,  as  occasions  much 
sicknesse,  diseases  and  mortality:  for  though  all  the  Pas- 
sengers die  they  are  sure  of  their  fraught ;  and  then  all  must 
be  satisfied  with  Orations,  disputations,  excuses  and  hopes. 

As  for  the  letters  of  aduice  from  hence,  and  their 
answers  thence,  they  are  so  well  written,  men  would  be- 
leeue  there  were  no  great  doubt  of  the  performance,  and 
that  all  things  were  wel,  to  which  error  here  they  haue 
beene  euer  much  subiect  ;  and  there  not  to  beleeue,  or  not 
to  releeue  the  true  and  poore  estate  of  that  Colony,  whose 
fruits  were  commonly  spent  before  they  were  ripe,  and  this 
losse  is  nothing  to  them  here,  whose  great  estates  are  not 
sensible  of  the  losse  of  their  aduentures,  and  so  they  thinke, 
or  will  not  take  notice ;  but  it  is  so  with  all  men. 

But  howsoeuer  they  thinke  or  dispose  of  all  things  at  their 
pleasure,  I  am  sure  not  my  selfe  onely,  but  a  thousand 
others  haue  not  onely  spent  the  most  of  their  estates,  but 
the  most  part  haue  lost  their  Hues  and  all,  onely  but  to 
make  way  for  the  triall  of  more  new  conclusions :  and  he 
that  now  will  aduenture  but  twelue  pounds  ten  shillings, 
shall  haue  better  respect  and  as  much  fauour  then  he  that 
sixteene  yeere  agoe  [in  1609]  aduentured  as  much,  except  he 
haue  money  as  the  other  hath ;  but  though  he  haue  aduen- 
tured fiue  hundred  pound,  and  spent  there  neuer  so  much 
time,  if  hee  haue  no  more  and  [be]  not  able  to  begin  a  family 
of  himselfe,  all  is  lost  by  order  of  Court. 

But  in  the  beginning  it  was  not  so,  all  went  then  out  of 
one  purse,  till  those  new  deuices  haue  consumed  both 
mony  and  purse ;  for  at  first  there  were  but  six  Patentees, 
now  more  then  a  thousand;  then  but  thirteene  Counsailors, 
now  not  lesse  then  an  hundred  :  I  speake  not  of  all,  for 
there  are  some  both  honourable  and  honest,  but  of  those 
Officers  which  did  they  manage  their  owne  estates  no  better 
then  the  affaires  of  Virginia,  they  would  quickly  fall  to 
decay  so  well  as  it.  But  this  is  most  euident,  few  Officers 
in  England  it  hath  caused  to  turne  Banquerupts,  nor  for 
all  their  complaints  would  [they]  leaue  their  places;  neither 


6 1 8  Answer  to  the  Commissioners  Questions.    Lib.  4.  [J-  s™65£; 

[1624]  yet  any  of  their  Officers  there,  nor  few  of  the  rest  but  they 
would  be  at  home.  But  fewer  Aduenturers  here  will  aduen- 
ture  any  more  till  they  see  the  businesse  better  established, 
although  there  be  some  so  wilfully  improuident  they  care 
for  nothing  but  to  get  thither,  and  then  if  their  friends  be 
dead,  or  want  themselues,  they  die  or  Hue  but  poorely  for 
want  of  necessaries,  and  to  thinke  the  old  Planters  can 
releeue  them  were  too  much  simplicity ;  for  who  here  in 
England  is  so  charitable  to  feed  two  or  three  strangers, 
haue  they  neuer  so  much  ;  much  lesse  in  Virginia  where 
they  want  for  themselues.  Now  the  generall  complaint 
saith,  that  pride,  couetousnesse,  extortion  and  oppression 
in  a  few  that  ingrosses  all,  then  sell  all  againe  to  the  com- 
minalty  at  what  rate  they  please  (yea  euen  men,  women 
and  children  for  who  will  giue  most),  occasions  no  small 
mischiefe  amongst  the  Planters. 

As  for  the  Company,  or  those  that  doe  transport  them, 
prouided  of  necessaries,  God  forbid  but  they  should  receiue 
their  charges  againe  with  aduantage,  or  that  masters  there 
should  not  haue  the  same  priuilege  ouer  their  seruants  as 
here :  but  to  sell  him  or  her  for  forty,  fifty,  or  threescore 
pounds,  whom  the  Company  hath  sent  ouer  for  eight  or 
ten  pounds  at  the  most,  without  regard  how  they  shall  be 
maintained  with  apparell,  meat,  drinke  and  lodging,  is 
odious,  and  their  fruits  su[i] table:  therefore  such  merchants 
it  were  better  they  were  made  such  merchandize  them- 
selues, then  suffered  any  longer  to  vse  that  trade,  and  those 
are  defects  sufficient  to  bring  a  well  setled  Common-wealth 
to  misery,  much  more  Virginia. 

Quest.  7.  How  thinke  you  it  may  be  rectified  ? 

Answ.  If  his  Maiestie  would  please  to  intitle  [resume]  it 
to  his  Crowne,  and  yearely  that  both  the  Gouernours  here 
and  there  may  giue  their  accounts  to  you,  or  some  that  are 
not  ingaged  in  the  businesse,  that  the  common  stocke  bee 
not  spent  in  [167]  maintaining  one  hundred  men  for  the 
Gouernour,  one  hundred  for  two  Deputies,  fifty  for  the 
Treasurer,  fiue  and  twenty  for  the  Secretary,  and  more  for 
the  Marshall  and  other  Officers  who  were  neuer  there  nor 
aduentured  any  thing ;  but  onely  preferred  by  fauour  to  be 
Lords  ouer  them  that  broke  the  ice  and  beat  the  path,  and 
must  teach  them  what  to  doe.    If  any  thing  happen  well,  it 


J"ST<S;3  Lib.  4.    Answer  to  the  Commissioners  Questions,    619 

is  their  glory ;  if  ill,  the  fault  of  the  old  directors,  that  in      [1624" 
all  dangers  must  endure  the  worst,  yet  not  flue  hundred 
of  them  haue  so  much  as  one  of  the  others. 

Also  that  there  bee  some  present  course  taken  to  main- 
taine  a  Garrison  to  suppresse  the  Saluages,  till  they  be 
able  to  subsist,  and  that  his  Maiesty  would  please  to 
remit  his  custome;  or  it  is  to  be  feared  they  will  lose 
custome  and  all,  for  this  cannot  be  done  by  promises,  hopes, 
counsels  and  countenances,  but  with  sufficient  workmen  and 
meanes  to  maintaine  them :  not  such  delinquents  as  here 
cannot  be  ruled  by  all  the  lawes  in  England.  Yet  when  the 
foundation  is  laid,  as  I  haue  said,  and  a  common-wealth 
established,  then  such  there  may  better  be  constrained 
to  labour  then  here ;  but  to  rectifie  a  common-wealth 
with  debaushed  people  is  impossible,  and  no  wise  man 
would  throw  himselfe  into  such  a  society,  that  intends 
honestly,  and  knowes  what  he  vndertakes.  For  there  is  no 
Country  to  pillage  as  the  Romans  found  :  all  you  expect 
from  thence  must  be  by  labour. 

For  the  gouernment  I  thinke  there  is  as  much  adoe  about 
it  as  the  Kingdomes  of  Scotland  and  Ireland,  men  here  con- 
ceiting Virginia  as  they  are,  erecting  as  many  stately  Offices 
as  Officers  with  their  attendants,  as  there  are  labourers  in 
the  Countrey :  where  a  Constable  were  as  good  as  twenty 
of  their  Captaines  ;  and  three  hundred  good  Souldiers  and 
labourers  better  then  all  the  rest,  that  goe  onely  to  get  the 
fruits  of  other  mens  labours  by  the  title  of  an  office.  Thus 
they  spend  Michaelmas  rent  in  Mid-summer  Moone,  and 
would  gather  their  Haruest  before  they  haue  planted  their 
Corne. 

As  for  the  maintenance  of  the  Officers,  the  first  that 
went  neuer  demanded  any,  but  aduentured  good  summes: 
and  it  seemes  strange  to  me,  the  fruits  of  all  their  labours, 
besides  the  expence  of  an  hundred  and  fifty  thousand 
pounds,  and  such  multitudes  of  people,  those  collaterall 
Officers  could  not  maintaine  themselues  so  well  as  the  old 
did ;  and  hauing  now  such  liberty  to  doe  to  the  Saluages 
what  they  will,  [which]  the  others  had  not. 

I  more  then  wonder  they  haue  not  hue  hundred  Saluages 
to  worke  for  them  towards  their  generall  maintenance; 
and  as  many  more  to  returne  some  content  and  satisfaction 


620   Answer  to  the  Commissioners  Questions.    Lib.  4.  [J-  s™j£ 

[1624]  to  the  Aduenturers,  that  for  all  their  care,  charge  and 
diligence,  can  heare  nor  see  nothing  but  miserable  com- 
plaints :  therefore  vnder  your  correction  to  rectifie  all,  [it] 
is  with  all  expedition  to  passe  the  authority  to  them  who 
will  releeue  them,  lest  all  bee  consumed  ere  the  differences 
be  determined. 

And  except  his  Maiestie  vndertake  it,  or  by  Act  of  Par- 
lament  some  small  tax  may  be  granted  throughout  his 
Dominions,  as  a  Penny  vpon  euery  Poll,  called  a  head- 
penny;  two  pence  vpon  euery  Chimney,  or  some  such 
collection  might  be  raised,  and  that  would  be  sufficient  to 
giue  a  good  stocke,  and  many  seruants  to  sufficient  men 
of  any  facultie,  and  transport  them  freely  for  paying  onely 
homage  to  the  Crowne  of  England,  and  such  duties  to  the 
publike  good  as  their  estates  increased,  [as]  reason  should 
require.  Were  this  put  in  practice,  how  many  people  of 
what  quality  you  please,  for  all  those  disasters  would  yet 
gladly  goe  to  spend  their  Hues  there,  and  by  this  meanes 
more  good  might  be  done  in  one  yeere,  then  all  those 
pe[t]ty  particular  vndertakings  will  effect  in  twenty. 

For  the  Patent  the  King  may,  if  he  please,  rather  take  it 
from  them  that  haue  it,  then  from  vs  who  had  it  first;  pre- 
tending to  his  Maiestywhat  great  matters  they  would  doe, 
and  how  little  we  did :  and  for  any  thing  I  can  conceiue 
had  we  remained  still  as  at  first,  it  is  not  likely  we  could 
haue  done  much  worse ;  but  those  oft  altering  of  gouern- 
ments  are  not  without  much  charge,  hazard  and  losse. 

If  I  be  too  plaine,  I  humbly  craue  your  pardon  ;  but  you 
requested  me,  therefore  I  doe  but  my  duty.  For  the  Nobility, 
who  knowes  not  how  freely  both  in  their  [168]  Purses  and 
assistances  many  of  them  haue  beene  to  aduance  it,  com- 
mitting the  managing  of  the  businesse  to  inferiour  persons : 
amongst  whom  questionlesse  also  many  haue  done  their 
vtmost  best,  sincerely  and  truly  according  to  their  conceit, 
opinion  and  vnderstanding ;  yet  grosse  errors  haue  beene 
committed,  but  no  man  Hues  without  his  fault.  For  my 
owne  part,  I  haue  so  much  adoe  to  amend  my  owne,  I  haue 
no  leisure  to  looke  into  any  mans  particular  [i.e.,  fault],  but 
those  [faults]  in  generall  I  conceiue  to  be  true.  And  so  I 
humbly  rest  Yours  to  command, 

r.  s. 


Hus   those   discords,  not  being  to   be       [1624] 
compounded  among  themselues;  nor  yet  fiihSed 
by  the  extraordinary  diligences,  care  and   to  take  it 
paines  of  the  noble  and  right  worthy   skEratUn"" 
Commissioners,  Sir  William  Iones,  Sir 
Nicholas  Fortescue,  Sir  Francis  Goston, 
Sir  Richard  Sutton,  Sir  Henry  Bourgchier 
and    Sir  William  Pit:  a  Corante  was 
granted  against  Master  Deputy  Farrar,  and   20.  or  30. 
others  of  that  party,  to  plead  their  causes  before  the  right 
Honourable  the  Lords  of  His  Maiesties  Priuy  Councell. 

Now  notwithstanding  all  the  Relations,  Examinations, 
and  intercepting  of  all  Letters  whatsoeuer  [that]  came  from 
thence,  yet  it  seemes  they  were  so  farre  vnsatisfied  and 
desired  to  know  the  truth,  as  well  for  the  preseruation  of 
the  Colony,  as  to  giue  content  and  doe  all  men  right,  [that] 
they  sent  two  Commissioners  strictly  to  examine  the  true 
estate  of  the  Colony. 

Vpon  whose  returne  after  mature  deliberation,  it  pleased 
his  royall  Maiesty  to  suppresse  the  course  of  the  Court  at 
Deputy  Farrars  :  and  that  for  the  present  ordering  the 
affaires  of  Virginia,  vntill  he  should  make  a  more  full 
settlement  thereof,  the  Lord  Viscount  Mandeuile,  Lord 
President  of  his  Maiesties  Priuie  Councell,  and  also  other 
Priuy  Councellors,  with  many  vnderstanding  Knights  and 
Gentlemen,  should  euery  Thursday  in  the  afternoone  meet 
at  Sir  Thomas  Smiths  in  Philpot  lane  :  where  all  men  whom 
it  should  concerne  may  repaire,  to  receiue  such  directions 
and  warrant  for  their  better  security;  as  more  at  large 
you  may  see  in  the  Proclamation  to  that  effect,  vnder  the 
great  Seale  of  England,  dated  the  15.  of  Iuly,  1624. 


622      The  King  takes  it  into  his  consideration.   Lib.  4.  [J,SS£: 

[1624]  But  as  for  the  relations  last  returned,  what  numbers  they 

are,  how  many  Cities,  Corporations,  townes,  and  houses, 
cattle  and  horse  they  haue;  what  fortifications  or  discoueries 
they  haue  made,  or  reuenge  vpon  the  Saluages ;  who  are 
their  friends  or  foes ;  or  what  commodities  they  haue  more 
then  Tobacco ;  and  their  present  estate  or  what  is  presently 
to  be  put  in  execution  :  in  that  the  Commissioners  are  not 
yet  fully  satisfied  in  the  one,  nor  resolued  in  the  other,  at 
this  present  time  when  this  went  to  the  Presse,  I  must 
intreat  you  pardon  me  till  I  be  better  assured. 


Thus  far  I  haue  trauelled  in  this  Wildernesse  of  Virginia, 
not  being  ignorant  [that]  for  all  my  paines,  this  discourse 
will  be  wrested,  tossed  and  turned  as  many  waies  as  there 
is  leaues  [The  first  four  Books  of  this  General  History,  occupy 
168  leaves]  ;  that  I  haue  writ  too  much  of  some,  too  little 
of  others,  and  many  such  like  obiections. 

To  such  I  must  answer,  in  the  Companies  name  I  was 
requested  to  doe  it,  if  any  haue  concealed  their  approued 
experiences  from  my  knowledge,  they  must  excuse  me  :  as 
for  euery  fatherles  or  stolne  relation,  or  whole  volumes  of 
sofisticated  rehearsals,  I  leaue  them  to  the  charge  of  them 
that  desire  them.  I  thanke  God  I  neuer  vndertooke  any 
thing  yet  [wherein]  any  could  tax  me  of  carelesnesse  or 
dishonesty,  and  what  is  hee  to  whom  I  am  indebted  or 
troublesome  ?  Ah  !  were  these  my  accusers  but  to  change 
cases  and  places  with  me  but  2.  yeeres,  or  till  they  had 
done  but  so  much  as  I,  it  may  be  they  would  iudge  more 
charitably  of  my  imperfections. 

But  here  I  must  leaue  all  to  the  triall  of  time,  both  my 
selfe,  Virginia's  preparations,  proceedings  and  good  euents; 
praying  to  that  great  God  the  protector  of  all  goodnesse  to 
send  them  as  good  successe  as  the  goodnesse  of  the  action 
and  Country  deserueth,  and  my  heart  desireth. 

FINIS.  [169] 


The  Generall  Historic  of  Virginia,  New  England,  &>  the  Summer  Isles. 

The    Fifth    Book. 

1624. 


The    General 

History   of  the   Bermudas. 

1593-1623. 


Captain  Smith  was  never  at  Bermuda.  This  part  of  the  Generall 
Historie  therefore  is  clearly  a  compilation. 

Our  Author  may  have  made  large  use  of  Sloanc  MS.  750,  in  the 
British  Museum  ;  which  has  been  edited  by  General  Sir  J.  Henry 
Lefroy,  R.A.,  C.B.,  K.C.M.G.,  for  the  Hakluyt  Society  in  1881, 
under  the  title  of  "  The  History  of  the  Bermudas  or  Somer  Islands. 
Attributed  to  Captain  John  Smith  : "  but  clearly  he  was  not  the  Author 
of  that  manuscript,  which  was  written  apparently  by  a  Governor 
previous  to  Governor  Butler  ;  ?  by  Governor  Tucker. 


The  Fifth  Booke. 


THE 

GENERALL     HISTORIE 

OF    THE    BERMVDAS,    NOW 

called    the    Summer    lies,    from    their 

beginning  in  the  yeere  of  our  Lord 

1593.  to  this  present  1624.  with  their 

proceedings,  accidents  and 

present  estate. 

Efore  we  present  you  the  matters  of  fact, 
it  is  fit  to  offer  to  your  view  the  Stage 
whereon  they  were  acted  :  for  as  Geo- 
graphy without  History  seemeth  a 
carkasse  without  motion ;  so  History 
without  Geography,  wandreth  as  a 
Vagrant  without  a  certaine  habitation. 
Those  Hands  lie  in  the  huge  maine  The 
Ocean,  and  two  hundred  leagues  from  any  continent,  ofTh^ne! 
situated  in  32.  degrees  and  25.  minutes,  of  Northerly 
latitude,  and  distant  from  England  West  South- West, 
about  3300.  miles ;  some  twenty  miles  in  length,  and  not 
past  two  miles  and  a  halfe  in  breadth,  enuironed  with 
Rocks,  which  to  the  North-ward,  West-ward,  and  South- 
East,   extend   further  then  they  haue  bin  yet  well  dis- 

40 


[1593- 
16231 


626  The  description  of  the  Summer  lies      Lib.  5.  TJS^ 

Lsee/.  629. 

[1593-  couered:  by  reason  of  those  Rocks  the  Country  is  naturally 
1623]  very  strong,  for  there  is  but  two  places,  and  scar[c]e  two 
vnlesse  to  them  who  know  them  well,  where  shipping  may 
safely  come  in,  and  those  now  are  exceeding  well  fortified, 
but  within  is  roome  to  entertaine  a  royall  Fleet :  the 
Rocks  in  most  places  appeare  at  a  low  water,  neither  are 
they  much  couered  at  a  high,  for  it  ebbs  and  flowes  not 
past  fiue  foot ;  the  shore  for  most  part  is  a  Rocke,  so 
hardened  with  the  sunne,  wind  and  sea,  that  it  is  not  apt 
to  be  worne  away  with  the  waues,  whose  violence  is  also 
broke  by  the  Rocks  before  they  can  come  to  the  shore. 

It  is  very  vneuen,  distributed  into  hills  and  dales ;  the 
mold  is  of  diuers  colours,  neither  clay  nor  sand,  but  a  meane 
betweene ;  the  red  which  resembleth  clay  is  the  worst, 
the  whitest  resembling  sand  and  the  blackest  is  good,  but 
the  browne  betwixt  them  both  which  they  call  white, 
because  there  is  mingled  with  it  a  white  meale  is  the  best : 
vnder  the  mould  two  or  three  foot  deep,  and  sometimes 
lesse,  is  a  kinde  of  white  hard  substance  which  they  call 
the  Rocke :  the  trees  vsually  fasten  their  roots  in  it ; 
neither  is  it  indeed  rocke  or  stone,  or  so  hard,  though  for 
most  part  more  harder  then  Chalke ;  nor  so  white,  but 
pumish-like  and  spungy,  easily  receiuing  and  containing 
much  water.  In  some  places  Clay  is  found  vnder  it,  it 
seemes  to  be  ingendred  with  raine  water,  draining  through 
the  earth,  and  drawing  with  it  of  his  substance  vnto  a 
certaine  depth  where  it  congeales  ;  the  hardest  kinde  of  it 
lies  vnder  the  red  ground  like  quarries,  as  it  were  thicke 
slates  one  vpon  another,  through  which  the  water  hath 
his  passage,  so  that  in  such  places  there  is  scarce  found 
any  fresh  water,  for  all  or  the  most  part  of  the  fresh  water 
commeth  out  of  the  Sea  draining  through  the  sand,  or  that 
substance  called  the  Rocke,  leauing  the  salt  behinde,  it 
becomes  fresh.  Sometimes  we  digged  wells  of  fresh  water 
which  we  finde  in  most  places,  and  but  three  or  foure  paces 
from  the  Sea  side,  some  further,  the  most  part  of  them  would 
ebbe  and  flow  as  the  Sea  did,  and  be  leuell  or  little  higher 
then  the  superficies  of  the  sea  :  and  in  some  places  [there 
are]  very  strange,  darke  and  cumbersome  Caues.  [170] 
SlferTnd  ^e  aire  ™  most  commonly  cleere,  very  temperate, 
fcItSy.an    moist,  with  a  moderate  heat,  very  healthfull  and  apt  for 


J  s^;]   Lib.  5.      and  their  naturall  Commodities.  627 

the  generation  and  nourishing  of  all  things,  so  as  many      [1593- 
things  transported  from  hence  yeeld  a  farre  greater  increase,       1623] 
and   if  it   be   any   liuing    thing   it    becomes   fatter   and 
better. 

By  this  meanes  the  country  is  so  replenished  with  Hens 
and  Turkies,  within  the  space  of  three  or  foure  yeeres, 
that  many  of  them  being  neglected,  forsake  the  houses  and 
become  wilde,  and  so  Hue  in  great  abundance ;  the  like 
increase  there  is  in  Hogs,  tame  Conies,  and  other  Cattle 
according  to  their  kindes. 

There  seemes  to  be  a  continuall  Spring,  which  is  the 
cause  some  things  come  not  to  that  maturity  and  perfec- 
tion as  were  requisite ;  and  though  the  trees  shed  their 
leaues,  yet  they  are  alwaies  full  of  greene.  The  Corne  is 
the  same  they  haue  in  Virginia,  and  the  West-Indies :  of 
this  and  many  other  things,  without  plowing  or  much 
labour,  they  haue  two  Haruests  euery  yeere.  For  they 
set  about  March,  which  they  gather  in  Iuly ;  and  againe 
in  August, which  theyreape  in  December;  and  little  slips 
of  Fig-trees  and  Vines  doe  vsually  beare  fruit  within  the 
yeere,  and  sometimes  in  lesse  ;  but  we  finde  not  the  Grapes 
as  yet  come  to  any  perfection  :  the  like  fertility  it  hath 
in  Oranges  and  Limons,  Pomgranates,  and  other  things. 

Concerning  the  serenity  and  beauty  of  the  skie,  it  may 
as  truly  be  said  of  those  Ilands  as  euer  it  was  said  of  the 
Rhodes,  that  there  is  no  one  day  throughout  the  12. 
moneths,  but  that  in  some  houre  thereof,  the  sun  lookes 
singularly  and  cleere  vpon  them :  for  the  temperature  it 
is  beyond  all  others  most  admirable;  no  cold  there  is 
beyond  an  English  Aprill,  nor  heat  much  greater  then 
an  ordinary  Iuly  in  France.  So  that  frost  and  snow  is  neuer 
seene  here,  nor  stinking  and  infectious  mists  very  seldome  ; 
by  reason  of  the  maine  Ocean,  there  is  some  wind  stirring 
that  cooles  the  aire  :  the  winter  they  haue  obserues  the 
time  with  ours,  but  the  longest  daies  and  nights  are 
shorter  then  ours  almost  by  two  houres. 

We  found  it  at  first  all  ouergrowne  with  weeds,   and  Trees  and 

plants  of  seuerall  kinds,  as  many  tall  and  goodly  Cedars,  Frmts' 
infinite  store  of  Palmetoes,  numbers  of  Mulberies,  wild 
Oliue-trees  store,  with  diuers   others  vnknowne  both  by 


Pearc. 


weed 


628  The  description  of  the  Summer  lies      Lib.  5.  [T* s^ 

[1593-      name  and  nature,  so  that  as  yet  they  become  lost  to  many 

1623]  vsefull  imployments,  which  time  and  industry  no  doubt 
will  one  day  discouer.  And  euen  already  certaine  of  the 
most  notorious  of  them  haue  gotten  them  appellations 
from  their  apparent  effects,  as 

ThePrkkcii  The  Prickell-peare  which  growes  like  a  shrub  by  the 
ground,  with  broad  thick  leaues,  all  ouer-armed  with  long 
and  sharpe  dangerous  thornes,  the  fruit  being  in  forme 
not  much  vnlike  a  small  greene  Peare,  and  on  the  outside 
of  the  same  colour,  but  within  bloud  red,  and  exceeding 
full  of  iuice ;  with  graines  not  much  vnlike  the  Pomgranat, 
and  colouring  after  its  nature. 

The^poison  The  poysoned  weed  is  much  in  shape  like  our  English 
Iuy,  but  being  but  touched,  causeth  rednesse,  itching,  and 
lastly  blisters ;  the  which  howsoeuer  after  a  while  passe 
away  of  themselues  without  further  harme  :  yet  because  for 
the  time  they  are  somewhat  painfull,  it  hath  got  it  selfe  an 
ill  name,  although  questionlesse  of  no  ill  nature. 

The^red  Hereisalso  frequently  growing  a  certaine  tall  Plant,  whose 

stalke  being  all  ouer  couered  with  a  red  rinde,  is  thereupon 
termed  the  red  weed  :  the  root  whereof  being  soked  in  any 
liquor,  or  but  a  small  quantity  of  the  Iuice  drunke  alone, 
procures  a  very  forcible  vomit,  and  yet  is  generally  vsed 
by  the  people,  and  found  very  effectual  against  the  paines 
and  distempers  of  the  stomacke. 

The  purging      A  kinde  of  Wood-bind  there  is  likewise  by  the  Sea  very 

Bcane*  commonly  to  bee  found,  which  runnes  vpon  trees,  twining 
it  selfe  like  a  Vine  :  the  fruit  somewhat  resembles  a  Beane, 
but  somewhat  flatter,  the  which  any  way  eaten  worketh 
excellently  in  the  nature  of  a  purge,  and  though  very 
vehemently,  yet  without  all  perill. 

Thecostiue  Contrary  to  this,  another  small  tree  there  is,  which 
causeth  costiuenesse. 

There  is  also  a  certaine  Plant  like  a  bramble  bush,  which 
beares  a  long  yellow  fruit,  hauing  the  shell  very  hard,  and 
within  it  a  hard  berry,  that  beaten  and  taken  inwardly 
purgeth  gently. 

Red  Pepper.  There  is  another  fruit  much  like  our  Barberies,  which 
being  beaten  or  brused  betweene  the  teeth,  sets  all  the 
mouth  on  an  extreme  heat  very  terrible  for  the  time,  to 
auoid  which  they  are  swallowed  downe  whole,  [171]  and 


weed. 


transported. 


J- S^;]  Lib.  5.      and  their  naturall  Commodities.  629 

found  of  the  same  or  better  operation  then  the  red  Pepper,      [1593- 
and  thence  borroweth  the  name.  1623] 

In  the  bottome  of  the  Sea  there  is  growing  vpon  the  Rocks  J^^l* 
a  large  kinde  of  Plant  in  the  forme  of  a  Vine  leafe,  but  far 
more  spread  with  veines  in  colour  of  a  pale  red,  very 
strangely  interlaced  and  wouen  one  into  another,  which 
we  call  the  Feather,  but  the  vertue  thereof,  is  altogether 
vnknowne,  but  only  regarded  for  the  rarity. 

Now  besides  these  naturall  productions,  prouidences  and  *™l**n 
paines  since  the  Plantation,  haue  offered  diuers  other  seeds 
and  plants,  which  the  soile  hath  greedily  imbraced  and 
cherished :  so  that  at  this  present  1623.  there  are  great  abund- 
ance of  white,  red,  and  yellow  coloured  Potatoes,  Tobacco, 
Sugarcanes,  Indicos,  Parsnips,  exceeding  large  Radishes,  the 
American  bread,  the  Cassado  root,  the  Indian  Pumpian,  the 
Water-millon,  Musk-millon,  and  the  most  delicate  Pine- 
apples, Plantans,  andPapawes;  also  the  English  Artichoke, 
Pease,  &c. :  briefly  whatsoeuer  else  may  be  expected  for 
the  satisfaction  either  of  curiosity,  necessity  or  delight. 

Neither  hath  the  aire  for  her  part  been  wanting  with  Birds, 
due  supplies  of  many  sorts  of  Fowles,  as  the  gray  and 
white  Hearne,  the  gray  and  greene  Plouer,  some  wilde 
Ducks  and  Malards,  Coots  and  Red-shankes,  Sea-wigions, 
Gray-bitterns,  Cormorants,  numbers  of  small  Birds  like 
Sparrowes  and  Robins  which  haue  lately  beene  destroyed 
by  the  wilde  Cats,  Wood-pickars :  very  many  Crowes, 
which  since  this  Plantation  are  kild,  the  rest  fled  or  seldome 
seene  except  in  the  most  vninhabited  places,  from  whence 
they  are  obserued  to  take  their  flight  about  sun  set, 
directing  their  course  towards  the  North-west,  which 
makes  many  coniecture  there  are  some  more  Hands  not 
far  off  that  way.  Sometimes  are  also  seene  Falcons  and 
Iar-falcons,  Ospraies,  a  Bird  like  a  Hobby :  but  because 
they  come  seldome,  they  are  held  but  as  passengers. 

But  aboue  all  these,  most  deseruing  obseruation  and  re- 
spect are  those  two  sorts  of  Birds,  the  one  for  the  tune  of  his 
voice,  the  other  for  the  effect,  called  the  Cahow,  and  Egge- 
bird:  [the  latter  of]  which  on  the  first  of  May,  a  day  con-  Egge-Bird*. 
stantly  obserued,  fall  a  laying  infinite  store  of  Eggs  neere  as 
big  as  Hens,  vpon  certaine  small  sandie  baies  especially  in 


630  The  description  of  the  Summer  lies     Lib.  5.   [JS^; 

[1593-      Coupers  He ;  and  although  men  sit  downe  amongst  them 

1623]      when  hundreds  haue  bin  gathered  in  a  morning,  yet  there  is 

hath  stayed  amongst  them  till  they  haue  gathered  as  many 

more:  they  continue  this  course  till  Midsummer,  and  so  tame 

and  feareles,  you  must  thrust  them  off  from  their  Eggs  with 

your   hand.     Then  they  grow  so  faint  with  laying,  they 

suffer  them  to  breed  and  take  infinite  numbers  of  their 

yong  to  eat,  which  are  very  excellent  meat. 

Cahowes.         The  Cahow  is  a  Bird  of  the  night,  for  all  the  day  she 

lies  hid  in  holes  in  the  Rocks,  where  they  and  their  young 

are  also  taken  with  as  much  ease  as  may  be :  but  in  the 

night    if    you    but   whoop   and    hollow,    they   will    light 

vpon  you,  that  with  your  hands  you  may  chuse  the  fat  and 

leaue  the  leane.    Those  they  haue  only  in  winter :   their 

Eggs  are  as  big  as  hens,  but  they  are  speckled,  the  other 

white.     Master  Norwood  hath  taken  twenty  dozen  of  them 

in  three  or  foure  houres,  and  since  there  hath  beene  such 

hauocke  made  of  them,  they  were  neere  all  destroyed,  till 

there  was  a  strict  inhibition  for  their  preseruation. 

th«  .  The  Tropicke  bird  is  white,  as  large  as  a  Pullet,  with  one 

BirTand  the  onely  long  Feather  in  her  taile,  and  is  seldome  seene  far 

p^bgec-os     distant  from  other  of  the  Tropicks.     Another  small  Bird 

ments.         there  is,  because  she  cries  Pemblyco  they  call  her  so,  she  is 

seldome  seene  in  the  day  but  when  she  sings,  as  too  oft  she 

doth  very  clamorously ;  too  true  a  Prophet  she  proues  of 

huge  winds  and  boysterous  weather. 

There  were  a  kinde  of  small  Owles  in  great  abundance, 
but  they  are  now  all  slaine  or  fled  :  some  tame  Ducks,  Geese 
and  Pigeons  there  are,  but  the  two  latter  prosper  not. 

ofVermine.  Concerning  vermine  and  noisome  creatures,  there  are 
not  many,  but  onely  Rats  and  Cats  there  increased  since 
the  Plantation,  but  how  they  agree  together  you  shall 
heare  hereafter.  The  Musketas  and  Flies  are  also  too 
busie,  with  a  certaine  India  Bug,  called  by  the  Spaniards 
a  Cacarootch,  the  which  creeping  into  Chests  they  eat  and 
defile  with  their  ill-sented  dung.  Also  the  little  Ants  in 
summer  time  are  so  troublesome,  they  are  forced  to  dry 
their  figs  vpon  high  frames,  and  anoint  their  feet  with  tar, 
wherein  they  sticke,  else  they  would  spoile  them  all  [172] 
ere  they  could  be  drycd.     Wormes  in  the  earth  also  there 


JS^]  Lib.  5.      and  their  natur all  Commodities.  631 

are  but  too  many,  so  that  to  keepe  them  from  destroying  R«oqi 
their  Corne  and  Tobacco,  they  are  forced  to  worme  them  "»23J 
euery  morning,  which  is  a  great  labour,  else  all  would  be 
destroyed.  Lizards  there  were  many  and  very  large,  but 
now  none ;  and  it  is  said  they  were  destroyed  by  the  Cat.  Nott. 
Certaine  Spiders  also  of  very  large  size  are  found  hanging 
vpon  trees,  but  instead  of  being  any  way  dangerous  as  in 
other  places,  they  are  here  of  a  most  pleasing  aspect,  all 
ouer  drest,  as  it  were  with  Siluer,  Gold,  and  Pearle :  and 
their  Webs  in  the  Summer  wouen  from  tree  to  tree,  are 
generally  a  perfect  raw  silke,  and  that  as  well  in  regard  of 
substance  as  colour;  and  so  strong  withall,  that  diuers 
Birds  bigger  than  Black-birds,  being  like  Snipes,  are  often 
taken  and  snared  in  them  as  a  Net.  Then  what  would  the 
Silke-worme  doe  were  shee  there  to  feede  vpon  the 
continuall  greene  Mulbery  ? 

But  aboue  all  the  rest  of  the  Elements,  the  Sea  is  found  FisW 
most  abundantly  liberall :  hence  haue  they  as  much 
excellent  Fish,  and  as  much  variety  as  need  be  desired. 
The  most  of  which  being  vnknowne  to  our  Northerne 
parts,  got  there  new  names,  either  for  their  shapes  or 
conditions  ;  as  the  large  Rocke-fish  from  his  like  hew,  and 
haunting  amongst  the  Rocks  ;  the  fat  Hog-fish  from  his 
swine-like  shape  and  snout,  for  this  is  not  the  old  knowne 
Hog-fish  with  brussels  on  his  backe ;  the  delicate  Amber- 
fish  from  his  taste  and  smell ;  Angell-fish,  Cony-fish  the 
small  yellow  taile  from  that  naturall  painting ;  the  great 
Growper  from  his  odde  and  strange  grunting  :  some  of 
them  yet  knowne  to  the  Americans,  as  the  Purgoose,  the 
Cauallo,  the  Gar-fish,  Flying-fish  and  M orerayes ;  the  rest 
are  common  to  other  Continents,  as  the  Whale  in  great 
numbers,  the  Sharke,  the  Pilot-fish,  the  Sea-Breame,  the 
Oyster  and  Lobster,  with  diuers  others.  Twenty  Tortoises 
haue  beene  taken  in  a  day,  and  some  of  them  will  affoord  halfe 
a  bushell  of  Egges,  and  suffice  to  feed  forty  men  at  a  meale. 

And  thus  haue  you  briefely  epitomized  Mother  Natures 
benefits  to  this  little,  yet  dainty  spot  of  earth ;  neither 
were  it  ingenuity  to  conceale  wherein  shee  inclineth 
to  the  Stepdame,  especially  since  the  particulars  are  so 


632     The  description  of  the  Summer  lies  &c.  Lib.  5.  p,s2£ 

[1593-  few,  as  rather  requisite  Antidotes  against  idlenesse  to 
1623]  rouse  vp  industry,  then  any  great  cause  of  much  distaste, 
iwuif1  much  lesse  despaire  :  and  of  those  to  speake  troth,  there  are 
ShSTiki.  onely  two  :  viz'  tne  Winds,  and  the  Wormes,  especially  in 
the  Spring  and  Autumne ;  and  thus  conditioned  as  yet  we 
will  let  rest  these  small  Hands,  in  the  midst  of  this 
mightie  and  maine  Ocean,  so  inuironed  on  euery  side,  by 
infinite  numbers  of  vncertaine  scattered  Rocks,  lying 
shallowly  hid  vnder  the  surface  of  the  water,  a  league, 
two,  three,  foure,  or  fiue,  to  Sea,  to  the  which  aduantagers 
added  by  art,  as  hereafter  you  shall  heare  at  large,  and 
finde  described  in  the  Map.  It  may  well  be  concluded  to 
be  the  most  impregnable  place  in  the  world;  and  although 
the  Amber  Greece,  Pearles,  nor  Tobacco,  are  of  that 
quantity  and  certainty  to  be  relied  vpon  to  gaine  wealth ; 
yet  by  practise  and  experience  they  finde,  by  Silke,  Saffron, 
Indico,  Madar,  Sugar-canes,  Wine,  Oile,  and  such  like, 
great  profit  may  be  expected.  Yet  were  those  hopelesse, 
in  regard  of  their  conueniency  to  nourish  and  maintaine 
themselues,  and  releeue  them  shall  visit  them  with  wood, 
water,  and  other  necessaries;  besides  what  an  eye-sore  they 
are  already  becommed  to  them  that  haue  them  not  [p.  688], 
and  how  deare  and  pretious  to  them  that  haue  them,  I 
thinke  none  will  deny  but  they  are  well  worth  the  keeping : 
and  so  we  will  proceed  to  the  accidents  that  befell  the  first 
finders ;  also  the  proceedings  of  the  first  Planters  and 
their  successors,  Master  Norwod,  Thomas  Sparkes,  and 
diuers  others. 


633 


A  brief e  relation  of  the  shipwracke  1593. 
of  Henry  May. 

Ow  these   lies    came  by  the  name  of  [1591-3] 
Bermudas,    or    the   infinite    number   of  Apposed 
blacke  Hogs,  or  so  fearefull  to  the  world  th?,y  rre 

i  iiii  1         ti         /»t»'t         called  the 

that  many  called  them  the  lie  of  Deuils,  Bermudas. 
that  all  men  did  shun  as  Hell  and 
perdition ;  I  will  not  expostulate,  nor 
trouble  your  patiences  with  those  vn- 
certaine  antiquities  [173]  further  then 
thus ;  our  men  found  diuers  crosses,  peeces  of  Spanish 
monies  here  and  there.  Two  or  three  wracks  also  they 
found,  by  certaine  inscriptions  to  bee  some  Spanish,  some 
Dutch,  some  French ;  but  the  greatest  rumour  is,  that  a 
Spanish  ship  called  Bermudas  was  there  cast  away,  carry- 
ing Hogges  to  the  West-Indies  that  swam  a  shore,  and 
there  increased  :  how  the  Spaniards  escaped  is  vncertaine  : 
but  they  say,  from  that  ship  those  lies  were  first  called 
Bermudas,  which  till  then  for  six  thousand  yeares  had 
beene  namelesse. 

But  the  first  English-man  that  was  euer  in  them,  was 
one  Henry  May,  a  worthy  Mariner  that  went  with  Captaine 
Lancaster  to  the  East-Indies  1591.  and  in  their  returne  by 
the  West-Indies,  being  in  some  distresse,  [he]  sent  this 
Henry  May  for  England  by  one  Mounsier  de  la  Barbotier,  to 
acquaint  the  Merchants  with  their  estate. 

The  last  of  Nouember  [1591],  saith  May,  we  departed 
from  Laguna  in  Hispaniola,  and  the  seuenteenth  of  Decem- 
ber following  [1591],  we  were  cast  away  vpon  the  North- 
west of  the  Bermudas;  the  Pilots  about  noone  made 
themselues  Southwards  of  the  lies  twelue  leagues,  and 
demanded  of  the  Captaine  their  Wine  of  hight  as  out  of  all 
danger,  which  they  had  :  but  it  seemes  they  were  either 
drunke,  or  carelesse  of  their  charge  ;  for  through  their 
uegligences  a  number  of  good  men  were  cast  away. 

I  being  but  a  stranger  amongst  fiftie  and  odde  French- 
men, it  pleased  God  to  appoint  me  to  be  one  of  them  should 


634  <A  briefe  relation  of  Henrie  May.     Lib.  5.      [H 


May. 


The  build- 
ing and 
calking 
their  Barke, 


[1591-4]  be  saued.  In  this  extremity  we  made  a  raft,  which  we  towed 
with  our  Boat,  there  were  but  six  and  twentie  of  vs  saued ; 
and  I  seeing  scarce  roome  for  the  one  halfe,  durst  not  passe 
in  amongst  them  till  the  Captaine  called  me  along  with 
him,  leauing  the  better  halfe  to  the  seas  mercy. 

That  day  we  rowed  till  within  two  houres  of  night  ere  we 
could  land,  being  neere  dead  with  thirst,  euery  man  tooke  his 
way  to  seeke  fresh  water;  at  length,  by  searching  amongst 
many  weeds,  we  found  some  raine  water  :  but  in  the  maine 
are  many  faire  Baies,  where  we  had  enough  for  digging. 

Now  it  pleased  God  before  our  ship  split  we  saued  our 
Carpenters  tooles,  some  Nailes,  Sailes,  and  Tacklings ; 
wherewith  we  went  roundly  to  worke,  and  built  a  Barke 
of  eighty  tunnes.  In  stead  of  Pitch,  we  made  Lime,  mixed 
with  Tortoise  oyle ;  and  as  the  Carpenters  calked  her,  I 
and  another  paied  the  seames  with  this  plaster,  which 
being  in  Aprill,  became  quickly  dry,  and  as  hard  as  a  stone. 

In  Aprill  [1592]  it  was  so  hot,  we  feared  our  water  would 
faile,  two  great  Chests  wee  made,  which  we  calked  as  our 
ship  ;  those  we  stowed  on  each  side  our  maine  Mast,  filled 
them  with  water  and  thirtie  liue  Tortoises.  Wee  found  many 
Hogges,  but  so  leane  wee  could  not  eat  them.  The  tops  of 
the  Palmeta  berries  was  our  bread,  and  the  iuyce  we  got 
out  of  the  trees  we  cut  downe  our  drinke,  and  of  the  leaues, 
which  are  more  then  an  Ell  long,  we  couered  our  Cabens, 
and  made  our  beds,  and  found  many  of  those  prouisions 
as  is  related,  but  little  foule  weather. 

The  eleuenth  of  May  [1592]  it  pleased  God  to  set  vs  cleere 
of  the  He,  after  wee  had  liued  there  fiue  moneths  :  and  the 
twentieth  wee  fell  with  Cape  Britton  neere  New  found  Land, 
where  refreshing  [we  refreshed]  our  selues  with  wood  and 
water,  and  such  things  as  we  could  get  of  the  Saluages.  It 
seemed  a  good  Countrey,  but  we  staied  not  past  foure  houres 
before  we  set  saile  for  the  banke  of  New  found  land  :  where 
wee  met  many  ships,  but  not  any  would  take  in  a  man  of 
vs,  vntill  it  pleased  God  we  met  a  Barke  of  Fawmothe, 
which  receiued  vs  for  a  little  time.  And  with  her  we  tooke 
a  French  ship,  wherein  I  left  Captaine  de  la  Barbotier,  my 
deare  friend,  and  all  his  Company :  and  in  August  arriued 
at  Falmouth  in  this  honest  English  Barke,  1594. 

Written  by  me  Henry  May.  [174] 


HU  returne 

for 

England. 


"The  first  English  ship  knowne  to 

haue  beene  cast  away  vpon  the  Bermudas, 
1609.     From  the  relation  of  Master  Iordan, 
Master  Iohn  Euens,  Master  Henry- 
Shelly,  and  diuers  others. 

^Ou  haue  heard,  that  when  Captaine  Smith  [1609] 
was  Gouernor  of  Virginia,  there  were 
nine  ships  sent  with  Sir  Thomas  Gates, 
and  Sir  George  Somers,  and  Captaine 
Nuport,  with  hue  hundred  people,  to  take 
in  the  old  Commission,  and  rectifie  a  new 
gouernment:  they  set  saile  in  May,  and  in 
the  height  of  thirty  degrees  of  Northerly  a  most 
latitude,  they  were  taken  with  an  extreme  storme,  or  rather  SeTy 
a  part  of  Hericano,  vpon  the  hue  and  twentieth  of  Iuly  [1609], 
which  as  they  write,  did  not  onely  separate  them  from  the 
Fleet,  but  with  the  violent  working  of  the  Seas,  their  ship 
became  so  shaken,  torne,  and  leak[i]e,  she  receiued  so  much 
water  as  couered  two  tire  [teir]  of  Hogsheads  aboue  the 
ballace  [ballast],  that  they  stood  vp  to  the  middles,  with 
Buckets,  Baricos,  and  Kettles,  to  baile  out  the  water. 

Thus  bailing  and  pumping  three  daies  and  three  nights 
without  intermission,  and  yet  the  water  seemed  rather  to 
increase  then  diminish,  in  so  much  that  being  all  vtterly 
spent  with  labour,  were  euen  resolued  without  any  hope  to 
shut  vp  the  hatches,  and  commit  themselues  to  the  mercy 
of  the  Sea,  which  is  said  to  be  mercilesse,  or  rather  to  the 
mercy  of  Almighty  God,  whose  mercy  farre  exceeds  all  his 


a  storm. 


636 


The  first  English  ship        Lib. 


5fMr.  Jordan,  J.  Evans, 
•    L  H.  Shelley,  &c. 


[1609] 


Thecara 
and  iudge- 
ment  of 
Sir  George 
Somers. 


An  euident 
token  of 
Gods  mercy. 


workes:  seeing  no  sense  or  hope  in  mans  apprehension,  but 
presently  to  sinke ;  some  hailing  some  good  and  comfortable 
waters  [spirits],  fetched  them  and  dranke  one  to  another, 
as  taking  their  last  leaues  vntill  a  more  happy  and  a  more 
ioyfull  meeting  in  a  more  blessed  world ;  when  it  pleased 
God  out  of  his  most  gracious  and  mercifull  prouidence,  so 
to  direct  and  guide  their  ship  for  her  most  aduantage. 

That  Sir  George  Somers  all  this  time  sitting  vpon  the 
poupe,  scarce  taking  leisure  to  eat  nor  sleepe,  couing  [coning] 
the  ship  to  keepe  her  as  vpright  as  he  could,  otherwaies  she 
must,  long  ere  that,  needs  haue  foundered,  most  wishedly 
and  happily  descried  land :  whereupon  he  most  comfort- 
ably incouraged  them  to  follow  their  worke,  many  of  them 
being  fast  asleepe.  This  vnlooked  for  welcome  newes,  as  if 
it  had  bin  a  voice  from  heauen,  hurrieth  them  all  aboue 
hatches,  to  looke  for  that  they  durst  scarce  beleeue ;  so 
that  improuidently  forsaking  that  taske  which  imported  no 
lesse  then  their  Hues,  they  gaue  so  dangerous  aduantage  to 
their  greedy  enemy  the  salt  water,  which  still  entred  at 
the  large  breaches  of  their  poore  wooden  castle,  as  that  in 
gaping  after  life,  they  had  well-nigh  swallowed  their  death. 
Surely  it  is  impossible  any  should  now  be  vrged  to  doe  his 
best,  and  although  they  knew  it,  [to  be]  that  place  all  men 
did  so  shun,  yet  they  spread  all  the  saile  they  could  to 
attaine  them  :  for  not  long  it  was  before  they  strucke  vpon 
a  rocke,  till  a  surge  of  the  sea  cast  her  from  thence ;  and  so 
from  one  to  another,  till  most  luckily  at  last  [she  stuck] 
so  vpright  betwixt  two,  as  if  she  had  beene  in  the  stocks. 

Till  this  they  expected  but  euery  blow  a  death  :  But  now 
behold,  suddenly  the  wind  giues  place  to  a  calme,  and  the 
billowes,  which  each  by  ouertaking  her,  would  in  an  instant 
haue  shiuered  her  in  peeces,  become  peaceable  and  still;  so 
that  with  all  conueniency  and  ease,  they  vnshipped  all  their 
goods,  victuall,  and  persons  into  their  Boats,  and  with 
extreme  ioy,  euen  almost  to  amazednesse,  arriued  in 
safetie,  though  more  then  a  league  from  the  shore,  without 
the  losse  of  a  man  ;  yet  were  they  in  all  one  hundred  and 
fiftie. 

Yet  their  deliuerance  was  not  more  strange  in  falling 
so  happily  vpon  the  land,  as  their  feeding  and  preseruation 
was  beyond  their  hopes ;  for  you  haue  heard,  it  hath  beene 


Ed'byjJuiyS:]  Lib.  5.    cast  vpon  the  Bermudas.  637 

to  the  Spaniards  more  fearefull  then  an  Vtopian  Purgatory  ;  [1609] 
and  to  all  Sea-men  no  lesse  terrible  then  an  inchanted  den 
of  Furies  and  Deuils;  the  most  dangerous,  vnfortunate,  and 
forlorne  place  in  the  world  :  and  they  found  it  the  richest, 
healthfullest  and  pleasantest  they  euer  saw,  as  is  formerly 
said. 

Being  thus  safe  on  shore,  they  disposed  themselues  to  fjj^jf? 
search  the  lies  for  food  [175]  and  water ;  others  to  get  a  firsfrang-1* 
shore  what  they  could  from  the  ship ;  not  long  Sir  George  jand.he 
wandred  but  [he]  found  such  a  fishing,  that  in  halfe  an  houre 
with  a  hooke  and  line,  he  tooke  so  many  as  sufficed  the 
whole  company.  In  some  places  they  were  so  thicke  in  the 
Coues,  and  so  great,  they  durst  not  goe  in  lest  they  should 
bite  them,  and  these  rocke  fish  are  so  great  two  will  load 
a  man,  and  fatter  nor  better  fish  cannot  be.  Master  Shelly 
found  a  Bay  neere  a  quarter  of  a  mile  ouer,  so  full  of 
Mullets,  as  none  of  them  before  had  euer  seene  or  heard  of 
the  like :  the  next  day  seeking  to  kill  them  with  fis-gigs, 
they  strucke  so  many  the  water  in  many  places  was  red 
with  bloud,  yet  caught  not  one ;  but  with  a  net  they  caught 
so  many  as  they  could  draw  a  shore,  with  infinite  number 
of  Pilchards  and  diuers  other  sorts.  Great  craw-fishes  in 
a  night  by  making  a  fire  they  haue  taken  in  great  quantity. 
Sir  George  had  twice  his  hooke  and  line  broke  out  of  his 
hand,  but  the  third  time  he  made  it  so  strong  he  caught 
the  same  fish ;  which  had  pulled  him  into  the  Sea  had  not 
his  men  got  hold  of  him,  whereby  he  had  his  three  hookes 
againe  [that]  were  found  in  her  belly.  At  their  first  hunting 
for  hogs  they  found  such  abundance,  they  killed  32  :  and 
this  hunting  and  fishing  was  appointed  to  Captaine  Robert 
Walsingham,  and  Master  Henry  Shelly  for  the  company  in 
general :  they  report  they  killed  at  least  500.  besides  Pigs, 
and  many  that  were  killed  by  diuers  others  ;  for  the  birds 
in  their  seasons,  the  facility  to  make  their  cabens  of 
Palmeta  leaues,  caused  many  of  them  vtterly  forget  or 
desire  euer  to  returne  from  thence,  they  liued  in  such 
plenty,  peace  and  ease. 

But  let  vs  remember  how  the  Knights  began  to  resolue  what 
in  those  desperat  affaires.     Many  proiects  they  had,  but  unmade 
at  last  it  was  concluded,  to  decke  their  long  boat  with  ^-^S^JJ 
their  ship  hatches ;  which  done,  with  all  expedition  they 


638    How  they  with  1 50.  lined  there  9.  mondhs.  [Mr-  Jonf  s'hiii^  &S 

[1609-10]  sent  Master  Ratten,  a  very  sufficient  Mariner,  with  eight 
more  in  her  to  Virginia,  to  haue  shipping  from  thence  to 
fetch  them  away.  Three  weekes  or  a  moneth  they  expected 
her  returne,  but  to  this  day  [1624]  she  was  neuer  more 
heard  of. 

All  this  time  was  spent  in  searching  the  lies :  now  although 
God  still  fed  them  with  this  abundance  of  plenty,  yet  such 
was  the  malice  of  enuy  or  ambition,  for  all  this  good 
seruice  done  by  Sommers,  such  a  great  difference  fell 
amongst  their  Commanders,  that  they  liued  asunder  in  this 
distresse,  rather  as  meere  strangers  then  distressed  friends  : 
but  necessity  so  commanded,  patience  had  the  victory. 
Ad1tiag<v  ^wo  S^PS  at  ^ls  ^me  kv  those  seuerall  parties  were  a 
children  building ;  in  the  meane  time  two  children  were  borne,  the 
Boy  was  called  Bermudas,  the  Girle  Bermuda,  and  amongst 
all  those  sorrowes  they  had  a  merry  English  manage. 

The  forme  of  those  lies  you  may  see  at  large  in  the  Map 
of  Master  Norwood,  where  you  may  plainly  see  no  place 
knowne  hath  better  walls,  nor  a  broader  ditch. 

But  hauing  finished  and  rigged  their  two  new  Cedar  ships 
with  such  prouisions  they  saued  from  the  Sea-aduenturer 
they  left  amongst  the  Rocks,  they  called  the  one  the  Patience, 
the  other  the  Deliuerance  ;  they  vsed  Lime  and  Oile,  as 
May  did,  for  Pitch  and  Tar.  Sir  George  Summers  had  in 
his  Barke  no  Iron  at  all  but  one  bolt  in  her  Keele ;  now 
hauing  made  their  prouisions  of  victuall  and  all  things 
ready,  they  set  saile  the  tenth  of  May  1610.  onely  leauing 
two  men  behinde  them,  called  Christopher  Carter  and 
Edward  Waters,  that  for  their  offences,  or  the  suspition 
they  had  of  their  iudgements,  fled  into  the  woods :  and 
there  rather  desired  to  end  their  daies  then  stand  to  their 
trials  and  the  euent  of  Iustice ;  for  one  of  their  consorts 
was  shot  to  death,  and  Waters  being  tied  to  a  tree  also  to  be 
executed,  had  by  chance  a  Knife  about  him,  and  so  secretly 
cut  the  Rope,  he  ran  into  the  woods  where  they  could  not 
finde  him  [pp.  591,  640,  648,  649,  660]. 

There  were  two  Saluages  also  sent  from  Virginia  by 
Captain  Smith,  the  one  called  Namuntack  [p.  517], the  other 
Matchumps :  but  some  such  differences  fell  betweene  them, 
that  Matchumps  slew  Namuntack,  and  hauing  made  a  hole 
to  bury  him,  because  it  was  too  short,  he  cut  of[f]  his  legs 


Ed'byj{iysT^:]  Lib.  5.     The  death  of  Sir  George  Summers.    639 

and  laid  them  by  him ;  which  murder  he  concealed  till  he      [1610] 
was  in  Virginia. 

The  foure  and  twentieth  of  the  same  moneth  [May  1610]  Jif^iiin 
they  arriued  in  Virginia  at  lames  towne,  where  they  found  Virginia. 
but  threescore  persons,  as  you  may  reade  at  large  in  the 
History  of  Virginia  [pp.  498,  500],  of  the  hue  hundred  left 
by  Captaine  Smith:  [as]  also  of  the  arriuall  [176]  of  the  Lord 
Laware,  that  met  them  thus  bound  for  England,  returned 
them  backe  [p.  500] ;  and  vnderstanding  what  plenty  there 
was  of  hogs  and  other  good  things  in  the  Bermudas,  was 
desirous  to  send  thither  to  supply  his  necessary  occasions. 

Whereupon  Sir  George  Summers ,the  best  acquainted  with 
the  place,  whose  noble  minde  euer  regarded  a  generall  good 
more  then  his  owne  ends,  though  aboue  threescore  yeeres 
of  age,  and  had  meanes  in  England  su[i]table  to  his  ranke, 
offered  himselfe  by  Gods  helpe  to  performe  this  dangerous 
voyage  againe  for  the  Bermudas;  which  was  kindly  accepted, 
so  vpon  the  19.  of  Iune  [1610],  he  imbarked  in  his  Cedar 
ship,  about  the  burthen  of  thirty  tunnes,  and  so  set  saile. 

Much  foule  and  crosse  weather  he  had,  and  was  forced  sir  George 
to  the  North  parts  of  Virginia ;  where  refreshing  himselfe  STeTume 
vpon  this  vnknowne  coast,  he  could  not  bee  diuerted  from  jJ«S»«<&* 
the  search  of  the  Bermudas,  where  at  last  with  his  company 
he  safely  arriued  :  but  such  was  his  diligence  with  his 
extraordinary  care,  paines  and  industry  to  dispatch  his 
businesse,  and  the  strength  of  his  body  not  answering  fhe 
euer  memorable  courage  of  his  minde ;  hauing  liued  so 
long  in  such  honourable  seruices  the  most  part  of  his 
well  beloued  and  vertuous  life,  God  and  nature  here 
determined,  should  euer  remaine  a  perpetuall  memory  of 
his  much  bewailed  sorrow  for  his  death  :  finding  his  time 
but  short,  after  he  had  taken  the  best  course  he  could  to 
settle  his  estate ;  like  a  valiant  Captaine  he  exhorted  them 
with  all  diligence  to  be  constant  to  those  Plantations,  and 
with  all  expedition  to  returne  to  Virginia.  In  that  very 
place  which  we  now  call  Saint  Georges  towne,  this  noble 
Knight  died,  whereof  the  place  taketh  the  name. 

But  his  men,  as  men  amazed,  seeing  the  death  of  him  who 
waseuen  as  the  life  of  them  all,  embalmed  his  body  and  set 
saile  for  England ;  being  the  first  that  euer  went  to  seeke 
those  Hands :  which  haue  beene  euer  since  called  Summers 


640   [  The  greatest  piece  of  ambergris  ever  seen].    Lib.  5.  \J^f  ?6l£; 

[1611-12]  lies,  in  honour  of  his  worthy  memory,  leauing  three  men 
behind  them,  that  voluntarily  stayed,  whose  names  were 
Christopher  Carter,  Edward  Waters,  there  formerly  left  as 
is  said  [p.  638] ;  and  Edward  Chard. 

This  Cedar  ship  at  last  with  his  dead  body  arriued  at 
Whit-Church  in  Dorsetshire ;  where  by  his  friends  he  was 
honourably  buried,  with  many  vollies  of  shot,  and  the  rites 
of  aSouldier:  andvpon  his  tombewas  bestowed  this  Epitaph. 


His 
Epitaph. 

[>•  173-1 


Hei  mihi  Virginia  quod  tarn  cito  praterit  AZstas, 
A  utumnus  sequitur,  sceuiet  inde  et  hiems  ; 
A  t  ver  perpetuum  nascetur,  et  A  nglia  lata, 
Decerpit  flores  florida  terra  tuas. 

In  English  thus : 

A  las  Virginia's  Summer  so  soone  past, 

A  utumne  succeeds  and  stormy  Winters  blast, 

Yet  Englands  ioyfull  Spring  with  ioyfidl  showers, 

O  Florida,  shall  bring  thy  sweetest  flowers. 


A  peece  of 
Amber- 
greece  of 
80.  pound 
weight. 


He  honour  of  this  resolution  belongs  principally 
to  Carter :  for  through  his  importunity,  not  to 
leaue  such  a  place  abandoned,  Chard  and 
Waters  were  moued  to  stay  with  him,  and  the 
rest  promised  with  all  the  speed  they  could  againe  to 
reuisit  them.  But  the  ship  once  out  of  sight,  those  three 
Lords,  the  sole  inhabitants  of  all  those  Ilands,  began  to 
erect  their  little  common  wealth  for  a  while  with  brotherly 
regency,  repairing  the  ground,  planting  Corne,  and  such 
seeds  and  fruits  as  they  had,  building  a  house,  &c.  Then 
making  priuy  search  amongst  the  creuises  and  corners  of 
those  craggy  Rocks,  what  this  maine  Ocean  since  the 
worlds  creation  had  throwne  amongst  them ;  at  last  they 
chanced  vpon  the  greatest  peece  of  Amber-greece  was  euer 
seene  or  heard  of  in  one  lumpe,  being  in  weight  foure- 
score  pound,  besides  diuers  other  small  peeces. 

But  now  being  rich,  they  grew  so  proud  and  ambitious, 
contempt  tooke  such  [177]  place,  they  fell  out  for  supe- 


juiy?624.    Master  Richard  More  sent  to  make  a  Plantation^    64 1 

riority,  though  but  three  forlorne  men,  more  then  three  [1610-12] 
thousand  miles  from  their  natiue  Country,  and  but  small 
hope  euer  to  see  it  againe.  Notwithstanding,  they  some- 
times fell  from  words  to  blowes  about  meere  trifles  :  in 
one  of  which  fights,  one  of  them  was  bitten  with  his  owne 
dog,  as  if  the  dumbe  beast  would  reproue  them  of  their 
folly ;  at  last  Chard  and  Waters,  the  two  greater  spirits, 
must  try  it  out  in  the  field,  but  Carter  wisely  stole  away  their 
weapons,  affecting  rather  to  Hue  amongst  his  enemies, 
then  by  being  rid  of  them  Hue  alone.  And  thus  those 
miserable  men  liued  full  two  yeeres  [May  1610 — July  1612J, 
so  that  all  their  clothes  were  neere  worne  cleane  from 
their  backs,  and  their  hopes  of  any  forraine  releefe  as 
naked  as  their  bodies. 

At  last  they  began  to  recouer  their  wits,  yet  jn  a  fashion 
perhaps  would  haue  cost  them  dearer  then  when  they 
were  mad ;  for  concluding  a  tripartite  peace  of  their  Mata- 
chin  warre,  they  resolued  to  frame  as  good  a  Boat  as 
they  could,  and  therein  to  make  a  desperate  attempt  for 
Virginia,  or  New  found  Land :  but  no  sooner  were  they 
entred  into  that  resolution,  but  they  descried  a  saile 
standing  in  for  the  shore,  though  they  neither  knew  what 
she  was,  nor  what  she  would,  they  were  so  ouer-ioyed  ; 
[that]  with  all  possible  speed  they  went  to  meet  her ;  and 
according  to  their  hearts  desire  she  proued  an  English- 
man, whom  they  safely  conducted  into  their  harbour. 

Now  you   are   to   vnderstand,   that   Captaine  Matthew  Je°rethe3 
Somers,    Nephew  and  heire  to  Sir  George,   that  returned  supplied. 
with  his  dead  body,  though  both  he  and  his  Company  did  161L 
their   vtmost   in    relating    all   those    passages    to    their 
Countrey-menandaduenturers,theirrelationswerebeleeued 
but  as  trauellers  tales,  till  it  came  to  be  apprehended  by 
some  of  the  Virginia  Company,  how  beneficiall  it  might 
be,  and  helpfull  to  the  Plantation  in  Virginia  :  so  that  some 
one  hundred  and  twentie  of  them  bought  the  pretended 
right  of  all  the  Company,  and  had  sent  this  ship  to  make 
a  triall;  but  first  they  had  obtained  Letters  Patents  of  the 
Kings  most  excellent   Maiestie.     Sir   Thomas   Smith  was 
elected  Treasurer  and  Gouernor  heere,  and  Master  Richard 
More  to  be  Gouernor  of  the  lies  and  Colony  there. 

4i 


642 


1612. 

Sir  Thomas 

Smith 

Treasurer. 


Their 
differences 
about  the 
Amber- 
greece. 


The  first  beginning  of  a  Colonie  in 

the  Somer  lies,  vnder  the  command 
of   Master    Richard    More,    extracted 
out  of  a   plot  of  Master  Richard 
Norwood   Surueior,    and    the  re- 
lations of  diuers  others. 

Aster  More  thus  found  those  three  men 
not  onely  well  and  lusty,  but  well 
stored  with  diuers  sorts  of  prouisions, 
as  an  Acre  of  Corne  ready  to  be  gathered, 
number  of  Pumpions  and  Indian  Beanes, 
many  Tortoises  ready  taken,  good  store 
of  hogs  flesh  salted,  and  made  in  flitches 
of  Bacon,  [which]  were  very  good :  and  so 
presently  landed  his  goods  and  sixty  persons  towards  the 
beginning  of  Iuly  1612.  vpon  the  South  side  of  Smiths  He. 
Not  long  after  his  arriuall,  More  hauing  some  priuate 
intelligence  of  this  Amber-greece,tooke  first  Chard  in  exami- 
nation, he  being  one  of  the  three  [with]  the  most  masterfull 
spirit,  what  Amber-greece,  Pearle,  Treasure,  or  other 
Commodities  they  had  found.  Chard  no  lesse  witty  then 
resolute,  directly  answered  ;  Not  any  thing  at  all  but  the 
fruits  of  the  He :  what  his  fellowes  had  done  he  knew  not, 
but  if  they  had,  he  doubted  not  but  to  finde  it  out,  and 
then  hee  should  know  it  certainly. 

This  he  spake  onely  to  win  time  to  sweare  his  Consorts 
to  secrecy,  and  he  would  finde  the  meanes  how  they  should 
all  returne  in  that  ship  with  it  all  for  England,  otherwise 
they  should  be  deceiued  of  all.  Till  this  was  effected  they 
thought  euery  houre  an  age;  now  for  the  better  conueiance 
of  it  aboord,  they  acquainted  it  to  Captaine  Dauis,  master 
of  the  ship,  and  one  Master  Edwin  Kendall,  that  for  their 
secrecy  and  transportation  should  participate  with  them. 
Without  further  ceremony  the  match  was  accepted,  and 
absolutely  concluded,  the  plot  laid,  time  and  place  set  downe 
to  haue  it  aboord.   But  Carter,  were  it  for  feare  the  Gouernor 


fed' byjuivS?624.']  Lib.  5.     [The  planting  of  the  Bermudas.]      643 

at  last  should  know  of  it,  to  whom  so  oft  they  had  denied  [1612] 
it;  or  that  the  [178]  rest  should  deceiue  him,  is  vncertaine  ; 
but  most  certaine  it  is,  he  reuealed  all  the  plot  to  Master 
Move.  To  get  so  much  wealth  he  knew  would  please  them 
in  England,  though  it  did  displease  all  his  Company ;  and 
to  lose  such  a  prize  he  would  not  for  hazarding  a  mutiny. 
So  first  hee  reuealed  himselfe  to  Kendall  in  faire  tearmes, 
reprouing  his  dishonesty  ;  but  not  being  answered  accord- 
ing to  his  expectation,  he  committed  both  Chard  and  him 
to  person  [prison]. 

The  next  Sabboath  day  Dauis  comming  on  shore,  More 
also  taxed  with  very  hard  language  and  many  threats,  to 
lay  him  fast  also,  if  he  mended  not  his  manners;  Dauis  for 
the  present  replied  little,  but  went  with  him  to  the  place 
of  praier :  but  in  the  midst  of  diuine  seruice  he  goeth 
away,  commanding  all  his  Sea-men  to  follow  him  presently 
aboord ;  where  he  encourageth  them  to  stand  to  him  like 
men,  and  hee  would  free  the  Prisoners,  haue  all  the 
Amber-greece  for  themselues,  and  so  be  gone. 

The  Gouernor  hearing  of  this  resolution,  prepares  with  £jj^  J 
his  company  to  repulse  force  with  force,  so  that  a  generall  hanging, 
expectance  of  a  ciuill  vnciuill  warre  possessed  euery  man; 
but  this  threatning  gust  passed  ouer  more  calmlier  then 
was  expected :  for  Dauis  hauing  better  aduised  with  him- 
selfe, repented  his  rashnesse,  and  desired  a  reconcilement 
with  the  Gouernor.  Peace  thus  concluded,  Kendall  was 
set  at  libertie ;  but  Chard  was  condemned,  and  vpon  the 
ladder  to  be  hanged  for  his  obstinacy :  yet  vpon  better 
consideration  More  repri[e]ued  him,  but  kept  him  a  prisoner 
all  the  time  he  staied  in  the  Country,  which  was  generally 
thought  a  very  bad  reward  for  his  great  desert ;  and  that 
there  was  more  of  this  Amber-greece  imbeziled,  then 
would  haue  contented  all  the  finders,  that  neuer  had  any 
consideration  at  all. 

The  greatest  part  th[r]ough  More  [was]  thus  recouered; 
yet  Dauis  and  Kendall  had  so  much,  either  by  the  ignorance 
or  conniuency  of  the  Gouernors,  that  arriuing  in  England, 
they  prepared  themselues  for  a  new  voiage :  at  last  they 
two  falling  out,  the  Company  hauing  notice  thereof,  so 
tormented  them  both,  they  gaue  ouer  their  voiage,  and 
durst  not  be  seene  a  long  time  after. 


644  Master  Richard  More        Lib.  5.  [R-No7XJ: 

[1612]  The  Gouernorthus  rid  of  the  ship  and  those  discontents, 

Master  remoued  his  seat  from  Smiths  He  to  Saint  Georges,  after  he 
industry  in  had  fitted  vp  some  small  Cabbens  of  Palmata  leaues  for 
fortifying  j^  w-£e  an(j  family  jn  th^t  valley  where  now  stands  their 
planting.  prime  towne  called  5.  Georges,  hee  began  to  apply  him- 
selfe  to  fortifie  the  Countrey,  and  training  his  men  in  the 
exercise  of  armes.  For  although  he  was  but  a  Carpenter, 
he  was  an  excellent  Artist,  a  good  Gunner,  very  witty 
and  industrious  :  he  built  and  laid  the  foundation  of  eight 
or  nine  Forts,  called  the  Kings  Castle,  Charles  Fort, 
Pembrookes  Fort,  Smiths  Fort,  Pa  gits  Fort,  Gates  Fort, 
Warwicks  Castle,  Saint  Katharines  Fort,  &c.  mounting  in 
them  all  the  Ordnance  he  had,  preparing  the  ground  to 
build  Houses,  plant  Come,  and  such  Fruits  as  they  had. 
Acontemion  Being  thus  busied,  and  as  the  necessitie  of  the  time 
Mincer  required,  keeping  his  men  somewhat  hard  at  worke, 
Governor!6  Master  Keath  his  Minister;  were  it  by  the  secret  prouocation 
of  some  drones  that  grew  weary  of  their  taskes,  or  his 
affection  to  popularity  is  not  certaine :  But  he  begins 
to  tax  the  Gouernor  in  the  Pulpit,  hee  did  grinde  the 
faces  of  the  poore,  oppressing  his  Christian  brethren  with 
Pharoahs  taxes.  More  finding  this  in  short  time,  might 
breed  ill  bloud,  called  the  Company  together  and  also  the 
Minister,  vrging  them  plainly,  to  tell  him  wherein  he  had 
deserued  those  hard  accusations :  whereupon,  with  an 
vniuersall  cry  they  affirmed  the  contrary,  so  that  Keath  [fell] 
downe  of  his  knees  to  aske  him  forgiuenesse.  But  Master 
More  kindly  tooke  him  vp,  willing  him  to  kneele  to  God, 
and  hereafter  be  more  modest  and  charitable  in  his 
speeches ;  notwithstanding  two  other  discontents  so 
vpbraided  More  with  that  doctrine,  and  stood  to  main- 
taine  it,  he  impaneled  a  Iury,  with  a  great  deale  of  seem- 
ing much  adoe  he  would  hang  them  being  condemned, 
one  of  them  with  the  very  feare,  fell  into  a  dead  Palsie; 
so  that  the  other  was  set  at  libertie,  and  proued  after  a 
very  good  labourer. 
Twopecces  Many  conclusions  he  tried  about  the  Sea-venture,  the 
oTthe^r1  wracke  of  Sir  George  Somers,  [179]  but  he  got  onely  for  his 
paines  but  two  peece[s]  of  Ordnance.  Hauing  framed  a 
Church  of  timber,  it  was  blowne  downe  by  a  tempest ;  so  that 
he  built  another  in  a  more  closer  place  with  Palmeta  leaues. 


Aduenturt. 


Ed'  byjuiys?624:]  Lib.  5.     sent  to  make  a  Plantation.  645 

Before  this  yeere  was  expired,  the  aduenterers  sent  them  [1612-3] 
an  aduiso  with  thirtie  Passengers  and  good  prouisions,  to  Tuhe  frst 
prepare  with  all  expedition  for  their  defence  against  the  suppy* 
Spaniard,  whom  they  vnderstood  ere  long  would  visit 
them.  This  occasioned  him  to  keepe  all  his  men  together 
in  that  He  so  hard  at  worke,  that  wanting  libertie  to  goe 
abroad  for  food,  liuing  onely  on  that  they  had,  and 
expected  daily  to  receiue  from  England,  they  were  so  ouer- 
toiled,  [that]  many  fell  sicke,  but  none  died.  Very  earnest 
this  ship  [the  Elizabeth]  was  to  haue  all  the  Amber-greece  : 
which  Master  More  perceiuing  was  the  chiefest  cause  of 
their  comming,  and  that  it  was  the  onely  loadstone  to 
draw  from  England  still  more  supplies ;  for  all  the  expresse 
command  sent  from  the  Company,  he  returned  this  ship 
but  with  the  one  third  part ;  so  from  thence  she  went  to 
Virginia,  and  not  long  after  arriued  safely  in  England. 

But  before  her  returne  the  Company  sent  the  Martha  1613. 
with  sixtie  Passengers  more,  they  arriued  in  Iune  [1613]  The  second 
with  one  Master  Bartlet  to  suruey  the  Hand,  and  the  estate  SLr  T^,mas 
of  the  Colonie,  with  expresse  command  for  all  the  Amber-  %££ 
greece  :  but  More  perceiuing  him  not  as  he  would  haue 
him,  and  that  the  Company  began  to  mistrust  him,  would 
send  no  more  but  another  third   part :   wherewith  they 
returned,   leauing  a   French-man  to   make   triall   of  the 
Mulberies  for  Silke,  but  he  did  not   bring   any  thing  to 
perfection ;  excusing  himselfe,  they  were   not   the   right 
Mulberies  he  expected. 

About  this  time  they  were  in  hope  of  a  small  crop  of 
Tobacco,  but  it  was  most  spoiled  for  want  of  knowledge 
to  vse  it. 

Now  in  England  Master  More  became  amongst  the 
Merchants  maruelous[ly]  distastfull,  for  the  detaining  so 
long  the  Amber-greece;  which  delaies  they  so  much 
abhorred,  they  forthwith  dispatched  the  Elizabeth  the 
second  time  and  forty  Passengers,  much  rebuking  More 
for  so  long  detaining  the  Amber-greece  :  for  the  which, 
hauing  now  no  more  colourable  excuses,  he  deliuered  it, 
wherewith  the  ship  went  to  Virginia,  and  thence  home. 

In  this  ship  was  brought  [i.e.,  to  Bermuda]  the  first  Potata  £es/er*sneg*f 
roots  ;   which  flourished   exceedingly   for  a  time,  till   by  Potatoes. 
negligence  they  were  almost  lost ;  all  but  two  cast-away 


646        Master  More  his  accidents  and  proceedings. 


f"R.  Norwood. 
?i6aa. 


ships, 


[1613]       roots,  that  so  wonderfully  haue  increased,  they  are  a  maine 

releefe  to  all  the  Inhabitants. 
?twptempt  This  ship  was  not  long  gone  but  there  came  two  Spanish 
Sp^ish  ships,  sounding  with  their  Boat,  which  attempted  to  come 
in  :  but  from  the  Kings  Castle,  Master  More  made  but  two 
shot,  which  caused  them  presently  depart.  Marke  here 
the  handy-worke  of  the  diuine  prouidence,  for  they  had 
but  three  quarters  of  a  barrell  of  powder,  and  but  one  shot 
more  ;  and  the  powder  by  carelesnesse  was  tumbled  downe 
vnder  the  mussels  of  the  two  peeces,  [which]  were  discharged, 
yet  not  touched  with  fire  when  they  were  discharged. 

This  feare  thus  past,  appeares  another  much  worse, 
which  was  the  extremity  of  famine :  in  this  extremity 
God  sent  Captaine  Daniel  Elfrid  with  a  car[a]uell  of  meale, 
which  a  little  relieued  them ;  but  brought  withall  so  many 
Rats,  that  within  two  yeeres  after  neere  ruined  all.  Now 
though  Elfrid  had  deceiued  his  friend  Fisher  of  this  Caruell 
in  the  West-Indies,  they  reuenged  Fishers  iniury ;  for  Elfrid 
had  his  passage  for  England,  and  they  made  vse  of  all  he  had. 
Some  two  moneths  after,  came  in  the  Blessing  with  an 
hundred  Passengers  ;  and  two  daies  after,  the  Starre  with 
a  hundred  and  fourescore  more,  amongst  which  were  many 
Gentlemen,  as  Master  Lower  for  Marshall,  Master  Barret, 
Master  Felgate,  and  diuers  others ;  but  very  vnproper  for 
what  they  vndertooke. 

Within  foureteene  daies  after,  came  in  the  Margaret  and 
two  Frygats,  and  in  them  one  hundred  and  threescore 
Passengers ;  also  Master  Bartlet  came  now  expresly  to 
diuide  the  Country  into  Tribes,  and  the  Tribes  into  shares. 
But  Master  More  finding  no  mention  made  of  any  part  for 
himselfe  nor  all  them  with  him,  as  he  was  promised  in 
England,  by  no  meanes  would  admit  of  any  diuision,  nor 
suffer  his  men  from  finishing  their  fortifications,  which  was 
so  necessary,  [that]  it  was  his  maine  ambition  to  see  that 
accomplished  :  but  such  vnkindnesse  grew  betwixt  this 
Master  Bartlet  and  [180]  the  Gouernour,  that  the  rude 
multitude,  with  all  the  disdaine  they  could  deuise,  caused 
Bartlpt  [to]  returne  for  England  as  he  came. 

About  this  time  William  Millington  was  drawne  into  the 
Sea  by  a  fish,  but  neuer  after  euer  seene. 

The  neglect  of  this  diuision  was  very  hardly  conceited 


Edbyj{iys^;]  Master  More  his  accidents  and  proceedings.    647 

in  England,  so  that  Master  More  grew  more  and  more  in      [1614] 
dislike  with  the  company ;  notwithstanding   he   followed  1614. 
the  building  of  these  Forts  so  earnestly,  neglecting  planting  ^sjjj^ 
of  Corne,  till  their  store  was  neere  all  consumed,  whereby  moruiitie. 
they  became  so  feeble  and  weake,  some  would  not,  others  smTaT"" 
could  not  goe  abroad  to  seeke  releefe,  but  starued  in  their  Treasurer, 
houses,  and  many  that  went  abroad,  through  weaknesse 
were  subiect  to  be  suddenly  surprized  with  a  disease  called 
the  Feauges:  which  was  neither  paine  nor  sicknesse,  but  as 
it  were  the  highest  degree  of  weaknesse,  depriuing  them  of 
power  and  ability  from  the  execution  of  any  bodily  exercises, 
whether  it  were  working,  walking,  or  what  else  :  being  thus 
taken,  if  any  presently  gaue  them  food  many  times  they 
straight  recouered,  yet  some  after  a  little  rest  would  bee 
able  to  walke ;  but  if  they  found  not  present  succour,  died. 

About  this  time  or  immediatly  before,  came  in  a  company  £jjjjp 
of  Rauens,  which  continued  amongst  them  all  the  time  of  Rauens 
this  mortality  and  then  departed ;  which  for  any  thing  knowne, 
neither  before  nor  since  were  euer  seene  or  heard  of :  this 
with  diuers  other  reasons  caused  Master  More  to  goe  out 
to  Sea,  to  see  if  he  could  discouer  any  other  Hands,  but  he 
went  not  farre  ere  ill  weather  forced  him  backe;  and  it  were 
a  noble  aduenture  of  him  [that]  would  vndertake  to  make 
more  perfect  all  the  dangers  [that]  are  about  the  Summer  lies. 

Thus  famine  and  misery  caused  Gouernour  More  [to]  j^jjjjjjj 
leaue  all  his  workes,  and  send  them  abroad  to  get  what  they  tog«  oneiy 
could.  One  hundred  and  fifty  of  the  most  weake  and  sicke  yictuals* 
he  sent  to  Coupers  He,  where  were  such  infinite  numbers 
of  the  Birds  called  Cahowes,  which  were  so  fearlesse  they 
might  take  so  many  as  they  would ;  and  that  admired 
abundance  of  fish,  that  the  extremity  of  their  hunger,  and 
their  gluttony  was  such,  those  heauenly  blessings  they  so 
consumed  and  wasted  by  carelesnesse  and  surfetting, 
many  of  them  died  vpon  those  silly  Birds  that  offered 
themselues  to  the  slaughter  :  which  the  Gouernour  vnder- 
standing,  caused  them  for  change  of  aire  to  be  remoued  to 
Port-royall,  and  a  Company  of  Fishers  with  a  Boat  to 
releeue  them  with  fish.  But  the  Gange  grew  so  lazie  the 
poore  weaklings  still  died  ;  they  that  remained  killed  the 
Cattle  they  found  in  the  He,  faining  the  heat  caused  them 
to  runne  into  the  Sea  and  so  were  drowned ;  so  that  the 


648        Master  More  his  accidents  and  p7-oceedings.  [ 


R.  Norwood. 
?  1622. 


[1614]  Gouernour  sent  againe  for  them  home,  but  some  obtained 
leaue  still  to  Hue  abroad;  one  amongst  the  rest  hid  himselfe 
in  the  Woods,  and  liued  onely  on  Wilkes  and  land  Crabs, 
fat  and  lusty  many  moneths. 

But  most  of  them  being  at  Saint  Georges,  ordinarily  was 
taken  one  hundred  and  fifty  or  two  hundred  great  fishes 
daily  for  their  food ;  for  want  of  hookes  and  lines,  the  Smith 
made  hookes  of  old  swords,  and  lines  of  old  ropes.  But 
finding  all  those  poore  Engines  also  decay,  they  sent  one  of 
the  two  Frigats  last  left  with  them  for  England,  to  tell 
them  of  this  misery. 

All  which  was  now  attributed  to  Master  Mores  peruers- 
nesse,  who  at  first  when  he  got  the  Amber-Greece  had  not 
such  a  generall  applause,  but  now  all  the  worst  could  pos- 
sibly be  suggested  was  too  good  for  him ;  yet  not  knowing 
for  the  present  how  to  send  a  better,  they  let  him  con- 
tinue still,  though  his  time  was  neere  expired:  and  with  all 
speed  sent  the  Welcome  fraught  with  prouision,  where  shee 
well  arriued,  and  proued  her  selfe  as  welcome  in  deed  as 
in  name;  for  all  those  extremities,  Master  Lewes  Hues 
writeth,  not  one  of  all  those  threescore  that  first  beganne 
this  Plantation  was  dead,  which  shewes  it  was  not  impos- 
sible, but  industry  might  haue  preuented  a  great  part  of 
the  others  sluggish  carelesnesse. 
Asutmiy,  This  ship  much  refreshed  this  miserable  Colony,  but 
and^Master  faster  Mare  seeing  they  sent  not  for  him  ;  his  time  being 
retume.  now  expired,  vnderstanding  how  badly  they  reputed  him 
in  England,  and  that  his  imploiment  now  was  more  for 
their  owne  ends  then  any  good  for  himselfe,  resolued 
directly  to  returne  with  this  ship. 

Hauing  setled  all  things  in  the  best  order  he  could,  [he] 
left  the  gouernment  to  the  charge  [181]  of  the  counsell  of 
six  to  succeed  each  other  monethly,  till  they  had  further 
directions  from  England ;  whose  names  were  Captaine 
Miles  Kendall,  Captaine  John  Mansfield,  Thomas  Knight, 
Charles  Caldycot,  Edward  Waters,  and  Christopher  Carter, 
with  twelue  others  for  their  assistances. 

More  thus  taking  leaue  of  those  Hands,  arriued  in 
England.  Much  wrangling  they  had,  but  at  last  they  con- 
firmed him  according  to  promise  eight  shares  of  Land, 
and  so  he  was  dismissed  of  his  charge,  with  shew  of  fauour 
and  much  friendship. 


The  rule  of  the  six  Gouemors.    wib. 

^^^CtfffedSff  He  first  thing  they  did  was  casting  of  lots,       [1615] 
who  should  rule  first ;  which  lot  lighted 
vpon  Master  Caldicot. 

This  last  supply  somewhat  abated  the  sir  Ttomat 
extremitie   of    their   miseries,  and  the  t*mui€t. 
better  in  that  their  fortifications  being 
finished,  they  had  the  more  leasure  to 
goe  abroad  with  that  meanes  [which]  was 
brought  to  that  purpose  to  fish. 

Chard  as  you  haue  heard,  whom  all  this  while  More  had 
kept  Prisoner,  they  set  at  libertie  :  now  by  reason  of  their 
former  miseries,  little  or  nothing  could  be  done :  yet  this 
Gouernor  hauing  thus  concluded  his  moneth,  and  prepared 
a  Frigot  and  two  and  thirtie  men,  hee  imbarked  himselfe 
with  two  other  of  his  fellow  counsellers;  namely  Knight 
and  Waters,  for  the  West-Indies,  to  get  Fruits  and  Plants, 
Goats,  young  Cattle,  and  such  like. 

But  this  poore  vessell,  whether  through  ill  weather,  or 
want  of  Mariners,  or  both,  in  stead  of  the  Indies  fell  with 
the  Canaries ;  where  taking  a  poore  Portugall,  the  which 
they  manned  with  ten  of  their  owne  people,  as  soone  after 
separated  from  her  in  a  storme,  and  the  next  day  [it]  was 
taken  by  a  French  Pickaroune  ;  so  that  the  Frigot,  out  of 
hope  of  her  prize,  makes  a  second  time  for  the  West-Indies, 
where  she  no  sooner  arriued,  but  [she]  foundred  in  the  sea. 
But  the  men  in  their  Boat  recouered  a  desolate  He,  where 
after  some  few  moneths  stay,  an  English  Pyrat  tooke  them 
in ;  and  some  of  them  at  last  got  for  England,  and,  some 
few  yeares  after,  returned  to  the  Somer  lies. 

Captaine  Iohn  Mansfield  his  moneth. 

HE  Frigot  thus  gone,  Captaine  Mansfield  suc- 
ceeded. Then  was  contriued  a  petition,  as 
from  the  generalitie,  vnto  the  triumuerat 
Gouernors ;  wherein  they  supplicated,  that  by  no 


650  Capt.  Iohn  Mansfield  his  moneth.     Lib.  5.  [*• 


Norwood 
T  1623. 


[1615]  meanes  they  should  resigne  the  gouernment  to  any  [that] 
should  come  from  England,  vpon  what  tearmes  soeuer, 
vntill  six  moneths  after  the  returne  of  their  ship  sent  to  the 
West-Indies.  About  this  vnwarrantable  action,  Master 
Lewes  Hues  their  Preacher  was  so  violent  in  suppressing 
it,  that  such  discontents  grew  betwixt  the  Gouernors  and 
him,  and  diuisions  among  the  Company,  he  was  arraigned, 
condemned,  and  imprisoned ;  but  not  long  detained  before 
released.  Then  the  matter  fell  so  hotly  againe  to  be 
disputed  betwixt  him  and  one  Master  Keath  a  Scotch- 
man, that  professed  scholarship,  that  made  all  the  people 
in  a  great  combustion  :  much  adoe  there  was,  till  at  last 
as  they  sate  in  the  Church  and  ready  to  proceed  to  a 
iudicary  course  against  Master  Hues,  suddenly  such  an 
extreme  gust  of  wind  and  weather  so  ruffled  in  the  trees 
and  Church ;  some  cried  out  a  miracle  ;  others,  it  was  but 
an  accident  common  in  those  lies,  but  the  noise  was  so 
terrible  it  disolued  the  assembly :  notwithstanding, 
Master  Hues  was  againe  imprisoned,  and  as  suddenly 
discharged;  but  those  factions  were  so  confused,  and  their 
relations  so  variable,  that  such  vnnecessary  circumstances 
were  better  omitted  then  any  more  disputed. 


His  mans  moneth  thus  ended,  begins  Master 
Carter,  which  was  altogether  spent  in  quietnesse; 
and  then  Captaine  Miles  Kendall  had  the  rule, 
whose  moneth  was  also  as  quietly  spent  as  his 
Predecessors.  Then  Captaine  Mansfield  begins  his  second 
moneth,  when  the  ship  called  the  Edwin  arriued  with  good 
supplies.  About  this  time  diuers  Boats  going  to  sea  were 
lost,  and  some  men  drowned ;  and  [182]  many  of  the 
Company  repaired  to  Master  Hues,  that  there  might  bee 
a  Councell  according  to  Master  Mores  order  of  sixe 
Gouernours,  and  twelue  Assistants :  whereupon  grew  as 
many  more  such  silly  brawles  as  before,  which  at  last 
concluded  with  as  simple  a  reconciliation. 

In  the  in[t]erim  happened  to  a  certaine  number  of  priuate 
persons  as  miserable  and  lamentable  an  accident,  as  euer 
was  read  or  heard  of,  and  thus  it  was : 

In  the  month  of  March  [1615],  a  time  most  subiect  of  all 


Ed'bjuiy3S:]  Lib.  5.    The  deliuerance  0/"  Andrew  Hilliard.     651 

others  to  such  tempests ;  on  a  Friday  there  went  seuen       [16151 
men  in  a  boat  of  two  or  three  tunnes,  to  fish.     The  morn-  £jronder 
ing  being  faire,  so  eager  they  were  of  their  iourney,  some  accident 
went  fasting  :  neither  carried  they  either  meat  or  drinke 
with  them,  but  a  few  Palmeta  berries:  but  being  at  their 
fishing  place  some  foure  leagues  from  the  shoare,  such  a 
tempest  arose,  they  were  quickly  driuen  from  the  sight  of 
land  in  an  ouergrowne  Sea,  despairing  of  all  hope,  onely 
committing  themselues  to  Gods  mercy,  let  the  boat  driue 
which  way  shee  would. 

On  Sunday  the  storme  being  somewhat  abated,  they 
hoysed  saile  as  they  thought  towards  the  Island.  In  the 
euening  it  grew  starke  calme  ;  so  that  being  too  weake  to 
vse  their  oares,  they  lay  a  drift  that  night. 

The  next  morning  Andrew  Hilliard  (for  now  all  his  com- 
panions were  past  strength  either  to  helpe  him  or  them- 
selues), before  a  small  gale  of  winde,  spred  his  saile  againe. 

On  Tuesday  one  died,  whom  they  threw  ouer  board.  On 
Wednesday  three.     And  on  Thursday  at  night  the  sixt[h]. 

All  these  but  the  last  were  buried  by  Hilliard  in  the 
Sea,  for  so  weake  hee  was  growne  hee  could  not  turne 
him  ouer  as  the  rest,  whereupon  hee  stripped  him,  ripping 
his  belly  with  his  knife,  throwing  his  bowels  into  the 
water,  hee  spread  his  body  abroad  tilted  open  with  a  sticke, 
and  so  lets  it  lie  as  a  cisterne  to  receiue  some  lucky  raine- 
water,  and  this  God  sent  him  presently  after,  so  that  in 
one  small  shoure  hee  recouered  about  foure  spoonefuls  of 
raine  water  to  his  vnspeakable  refreshment ;  he  also  pre- 
sented neere  halfe  a  pint  of  blood  in  a  shooe,  which  he  did 
sparingly  drinke  of  to  moist  his  mouth.  Two  seuerall  daies 
he  fed  on  his  flesh,  to  the  quantity  of  a  pound,  on  the 
eleuenth  day  from  his  loosing  the  sight  of  land,  two  flying 
fishes  fals  in  his  boat,  whose  warme  iucie  blood  hee  sucked 
to  his  great  comfort.  But  within  an  houre  after  to  his 
greater  comfort  you  will  not  doubt,  he  once  againe  descried 
the  land,  and  within  foure  houres  after  was  cast  vpon  a 
rocke  neere  to  Port  r©yall,  where  his  boat  was  presently 
split  in  pieces,but  himselfe,though  extreamly  weake,  made 
shift  to  clamber  vp  so  steepe  and  high  a  rocke,  as  would 
haue  troubled  the  ablest  man  in  the  He  to  haue  done  that 
by  day  [which]  hee  did  by  night. 


652         The  proceedings  0/"  Daniel  Tuckar.     Lib.  5.  [ 


R.  Norwood. 
?  i6aa. 


lies. 


[1615-6]  Being  thus  astride  on  a  rocke,  the  tumbling  Sea  had 
gotten  such  possession  in  his  braines,  that  a  good  while  it 
was  before  his  giddy  head  would  suffer  him  to  venture  vpon 
the  forsaking  it :  towards  the  morning  he  craules  a  shore, 
and  then  to  his  accomplished  ioy  descernes  where  hee  is, 
and  trauels  halfe  a  day  without  any  refreshment  then 
water ;  whereof  wisely  and  temperately  he  stinted  himselfe, 
otherwise  certainly  hee  had  drunke  his  last. 

In  which  case  hee  attaines  a  friends  house:  where  at  the 
first  they  tooke  him  for  a  ghost,  but  at  last  acknowledged 
and  receiued  him  with  ioy ;  his  story,  after  some  houres  of 
recouery  of  strength  to  tell  it,  [theyj  heard  out  with  admi- 
ration :  he  was  not  long  after  conueyed  to  the  towne,  where  he 
receiued  his  former  health, and  was  liuing  in  the  yeere  1622. 

foJJJ5u™th        The  next  newes  that  happened  in  this  time  of  ease,  was, 

summer  that  a  merry  fellow  hauing  found  some  few  Dollars  against 
the  Flemish  wracke,  the  bruit  went  currant  the  treasure 
was  found,  and  they  all  made  men.  Much  adoe  there  was 
to  preuent  the  purloining  of  it,  before  they  had  it :  where 
after  they  had  tyred  themselues  with  searching,  that  they 
found  amounted  not  to  aboue  twenty  pounds  starling, 
which  is  not  vnlike  but  to  be  the  remainder  of  some  greater 
store,  washed  from  some  wracke  not  farre  from  the  shore. 
The  company,  by  the  Edwin  receiuing  newes  of  the  reuels 

eWn7*  [that]  were  kept  in  Somer  lies,  resolued  to  make  choice  of  a 
new  Gouernour,  called  Master  Daniel  Tuckar,  that  a  long 
time  had  beene  a  planter  [in]  Virginia  in  the  gouernment 
of  Captaine  [183]  Smith  [pp.  129,  145]. 

All  things  being  furnished  for  his  voyage ;  hee  set  saile 
in  the  George,  consorted  with  the  Edwin,  with  many 
passengers,  which  being  discouered  by  them  in  those  lies, 
they  supposed  them  the  Frigot  sent  to  the  West  Indies ; 
but  when  they  vnderstood  what  they  were,  much  prepa- 
ration they  made  to  resist  the  new  Gouernour. 

Many  great  ostentations  appeared  on  both  sides,  but 
when  the  quondam  Gouernour  did  see  his  men  for  most 
part  forsake  him,  all  was  very  well  and  quietly  compounded ; 
and  with  much  kindnesse  [they]  receiued  and  welcomed 
[him]  a  shore,  where  his  Commission  was  no  sooner 
read,  then  they  accepted  and  acknowledged  him  for  their 
Gouernour. 


A  new 
Gouernor 


Gouernment  of  Captaine 
Daniel  Tuckar. 


Bout  the  midst  of  May  [1616]  arriued  this 
Gouernor,  where  finding  the  Inhabitants 
both  abhorring  all  exacted  labour,  as  also 
in  a  manner  disdaining  and  grudging 
much  to  be  commanded  by  him ;  it  could 
not  but  passionate  any  man  liuing.  But 
at  last,  according  to  the  Virginia  order, 
hee  set  euery  one  [that]  was  with  him 
at  Saint  Georges,  to  his  taske,  to  cleere  grounds,  fell  trees, 
set  corne,  square  timber,  plant  vines  and  other  fruits 
brought  out  of  England.  These  by  their  taske- Masters 
by  breake  a  day  repaired  to  the  wharfe,  from  thence  to  be 
imployed  to  the  place  of  their  imployment,  till  nine  of  the 
clocke,  and  then  in  the  after-noone  from  three  till  Sunne- 
set.  Beside  meat,  drinke  and  cloaths,  they  had  for  a  time 
a  certaine  kinde  of  brasse  money  with  a  hogge  on  the  one 
side,  in  memory  of  the  abundance  of  hogges  [that]  was 
found  at  their  first  landing. 

This  course  thus  squared,  imitating  diuers  orders  vsed 
in  Virginia  by  Sir  Thomas  Dale  :  he  began  by  them  to  looke 
into  his  instructions  giuen  by  the  Company.  Whereupon 
by  one  Master  Richard  Norwood  a  Suruayor,  sent  ouer  for 
that  purpose,  in  the  time  of  Master  Moore,  hee  began  to  lay 
out  the  eight  tribes  in  the  maine,  which  were  to  consist  of 
fifty  shares  to  a  tribe ;  and  twenty  five  acers  to  euery 
share.  He  also  began  to  plant  some  Colony  men,  on  some 
of  the  especiall  shares.  He  swore  also  certaine  of  the 
chiefe  men  of  euery  tribe  to  bee  Bailiffes  thereof;    and 


[1616] 


Sir  Tkomcu 

Smith 

Treasurer. 


[pp.  149, 
466,  502.] 


Captaine 
Tuckars 
proceedings. 


654  Fine  men  in  a  boat  of  3.  tuns     Lib.  5.  [N*ku°r!&£ 

[1616]  appointed  as  many  men  as  hee  was  able  for  all  supplied 
shares.  The  goods  landed  in  the  store  houses  hee  sent 
from  thence,  and  dispersed  it  to  his  workemen  in  generall : 
some  Boats  also  began  to  be  builded  ;  but  the  pinace 
called  the  Thomas  [which  it  was]  suspected  might  make  an 
escape, waslaidvp in  adocke,weresheeyet  [i624]remaineth. 

a  Bark*  In  the  beginning  of  the  second  moneth  of  his  gouernment, 

westlndL.  he  directed  warrants  to  all  the  Bailiffes,  for  the  holding 
of  a  generall  Assise  at  Saint  Georges,  and  appointed  Master 
Stokes  Lieutenant  of  the  Kings   Castle   at   the   Gurnets 

0*. 656.1  head.  The  Edwin  [that]  came  with  him,  he  sent  to  the 
West  Indies  by  directions  from  England,  to  trade  with  the 
natiues,  for  cattell,  corne,  plants,  and  other  commodities. 
A  course  of  great  importance,  which  had  it  been  pursued, 
would  certainly  have  produced  more  hopefull  effects  for 
the  good  of  the  Colony,  then  all  the  supplies  and 
Magazines  from  England  hath  or  will  in  a  long  time. 

The  Assises.  Presently  after  her  departure,  began  the  Assises,  executed 
by  his  Deputy.  The  chiefe  matter  handled  was  the 
hanging  one  John  Wood  a  French  man,  for  speaking  many 
distastefull  and  mutinous  speeches  against  the  Gouernour, 
to  shew  the  rest  by  that  example,  the  power  of  his 
authority:  which  after  with  his  owne  hands  he  so  oft 
executed  with  a  bastinado  amongst  the  poorer  sort ;  many 
tearmed  it  a  cruelty,  not  much  lesse  then  tyranny  :  but  the 
sequell  is  more  then  strange. 

The  strange  So  it  was  that  flue  of  them,  seeing  by  no  meanes 
Le  menrtn°a  they  could  get  passage  for  England,  resolued  to  vndergoe 
boat*  all  hazards  but  they  would  make  an  escape  from  such  ser- 

uitude.  The  chiefe  manner  and  plotter  of  this  businesse, 
was  Richard  Sanders  and  his  confederates,  William  Goodwin 
a  ship  Carpenter,  Thomas  Harison  a  Ioyner,  lames  Barker 
a  Gentleman,  and  Henry  Picet.  These  repairing  to  the 
Gouernour,  and  with  pleasing  insinuations  told  him,  if  hee 
would  allow  them  but  [184]  things  necessary,  they  would 
build  him  a  boat  of  two  or  three  tunnes,  with  a  close  decke, 
[that]  should  go  a  fishing  [in]  all  weathers.  The  Gouernour 
halfe  proud  that  hee  had  brought  his  men  to  so  good  a 
passe,  as  he  concerned,  to  offer  themselues  to  so  necessary 
a  worke;  instantly  with  all  willingnesse  furnished  them  with 


Ed'  ^jjiy^:]  Lib.  5.     sailes  ouer  the  mame  Ocean.  655 

all  things  they  could  desire,  and  many  faire  promises  to  [1616] 
incourage  them  to  performe  it  with  all  expedition.  Hauing 
made  choise  of  a  place  most  fit  from  molestation,  they 
went  forward  with  that  expedition,  that  in  a  short  time 
shee  was  brought  to  perfection.  By  this  time,  the  ship 
that  brought  the  Gouernour,  being  ready  to  depart,  hee 
sends  a  lusty  gange  to  goe  [and]  fetch  his  new  boat  to  carry 
him  aboard;  but  arriuingat  the  place  where  she  was  built, 
they  could  heare  no  more  of  her,  but  [that]  she  was  gone 
the  last  euening  to  Sea,  to  try  how  shee  would  saile. 

Much  search  and  dispute  was  where  this  boat  should  be  : 
but  at  last  they  found  diuers  letters  in  the  cabbins,  to  this 
effect,  directed  to  the  Gouernour,  and  other  their  friends : 
that  their  hard  and  bad  vsage  was  so  intollerable,  and  their 
hope  so  smal  euer  againe  to  see  their  Countrey,  or  be 
deliuered  from  such  seruitude,  they  did  rather  chuse  to 
put  themselues  to  that  desperate  hazard  to  goe  for  England, 
in  which  if  they  miscaried,  as  it  was  much  to  be  mis- 
trusted, their  Hues  and  bloods  should  be  required  at  their 
hands  [who]  was  the  cause.  A  compasse  Diall  Barker  had 
borrowed  of  Master  Hues,  to  whom  he  writ  that  as  hee  had 
oft  perswaded  them  to  patience,  and  that  God  would  pay 
them  though  none  did  :  hee  must  now  bee  contented  with 
the  losse  of  his  Diall,  with  his  owne  doctrine.  Such 
leasure  they  found  to  bee  merry  when  in  the  eye  of  reason 
they  were  marching  into  a  most  certaine  ruine. 

The  Gouernour  being  thus  satisfied  of  their  escape, 
extreamly  threatned  them  no  lesse  then  a  hanging,  but  the 
stormes  of  the  Ocean  they  now  more  feared  then  him ;  good 
prouision  by  bartering  they  had  got  from  the  ship,  where 
Goodwin  in  a  brauado  told  the  Mariners,  though  he  could 
not  be  permitted  to  goe  with  them,  yet  peraduenture  hee 
might  be  in  England  before  them  :  whereat  the  Master  and 
his  Mate  laughed  merrily. 

But  hauing  beene  now  vnder  saile  three  weekes,  the 
winds  so  fauoured  them,  they  felt  nothing  of  what  they  had 
cause  to  feare :  then  a  blustering  gale  blowing  in  their 
teeth,  put  them  to  much  extremity  for  diuers  dayes,  then 
becomming  more  gentle  away  they  past  prosperously  some 
eight  or  ten  dayes  more,  till  meeting  a  French  Piccaroune 
of  whom  they  desired  succour,  hee  like  himselfe  tooke  from 


656  The  proceedings  of  Lib.  5.  [NMBr;£f&c! 

[1616]  them  what  hee  liked,  leauing  them  not  so  much  as  a 
crosse-staffe  to  obserue  withall,  and  so  cast  them  off  : 
their  course  stiil  they  continued  till  their  victuall  began  to 
fall  to  the  lowest  ebbe  ;  and  the  very  knees  of  their  small 
vessell  were  halfe  hewed  away  for  fire  wood. 

At  last  to  their  infinit  ioy  they  arriued  in  Ireland,  where 
the  Earle  of  Tomund  honorably  entertained  them,  and 
caused  the  boat  to  be  hung  vp  for  a  Monument ;  and  well 
she  might,  for  shee  had  sailed  more  then  3300  miles  by 
a  right  line  thorow  the  maine  Sea,  without  any  sight  of 
land :  and  I  thinke  since  God  made  the  world,  the  like 
nauigation  was  neuer  done,  nor  heard  of. 

This  fortunate  Sanders  going  to  the  East  Indies,  in  the 
rifling  [o£  some  ships  there  tooke,  it  was  his  chance  to  buy 
an  old  chest  for  three  or  foure  shillings ;  but  because  it 
wanted  a  key  hee  repented  his  bargaine,  and  would  gladly 
haue  sold  it  againe  for  lesse.  A  certaine  time  it  lay  tossed 
to  and  fro  as  a  thing  hee  little  regarded,  but  at  last  hauing 
little  to  doe,  hee  broke  it  open,  where  he  found  a  thousand 
pounds  starling,  or  so  much  gold  as  bought  him  in  England 
a  good  estate:  which  leauing  with  his  wife,  he  returned 
againe  to  the  East  Indies, 

The  George  setting  saile  three  dayes  after  this  escape, 

the   Gouernour    seazed    and    confiscated   all   that   those 

fugitiues  left  behinde  them. 

Plants  from       With  in  a  weeke  after,  returned  the  Edwin  from  the 

indi^f5'      West   Indies,  furnished   with   figges,   pynes,   sugar-canes, 

I/.654.]       plantaines,  papanes  and  diuers  other  plants;  which  were 

presently    replanted,  and    since    increased    into    greater 

numbers :  also  an  Indian  and  a  Negar,  and  so  much  ligna 

vit[ce]  as  defrayed  all  the  charge.  The  Gouernor  thus  busied 

amongst   his    plants,    making   hedges    of    Figtrees,    and 

Pomgranets,  and  seuerall  diuisions  by  [185]  Palizadoes  for 

the  defence  of  their  guarding  and  keeping  their  cattell, 

for  in   such  husbandry  qualities  he  well  deserued   great 

commendations. 

The  exploits      The  Aduenturers  to  supply  him  sent  with  all  speed  they 

/wKam    could,  the  Hopewell,  a  small  Barke,  but  an  excellent  sailer  ; 

and  in  her  one  Captaine  Powell  an  excellent  Mariner,  and 

well  acquainted  in  the  Indieswherehewastogoe[and]  trade, 


Edby/uiy^h4:]  Lib.  5.     Captaine  Daniel  Tuckar.  657 

after  he  had  landed  his  passengers  in  the  Summer  lies  :  but  [1616] 
in  his  iourney  at  the  Westerne  lies  meeting  a  Brasile  man, 
hee  liked  the  suger  and  passengers  sowell,  hee  man[ne]d  the 
Caruill  with  his  owne  men,  and  continued  his  course,  but 
bethinking  himself  how  this  would  be  entertained  at  the 
Summer  lies,  hee  found  such  doubts,  hee  went  directly 
for  the  West  Indies  to  take  time  to  resolue  what  to  doe. 

Arriuing  there  hee  met  a  French  rouer,  one  euery  way  as 
cunning  as  himselfe,  but  much  more  trecherous.  A  great 
league  of  kindnesse  is  soone  made  betweene  them ;  vpon 
confidence  whereof,  Powell  and  some  of  the  chiefe  with 
him  being  inuited  aboord  him,  is  easily  entised,  and  in  the 
midst  of  their  cups  both  hee  and  his  company  treacher- 
ously made  prisoners :  and  thus  was  forced  to  giue  him 
their  prise,  or  hang  at  the  yards  arme  with  all  his  company. 

Hauing  set  them  a  shore,  away  goes  the  French  man ; 
Powels  ship  being  but  hard  by,  presently  fetcht  them 
all  a  boord :  but  finding  his  victuall  neere  spent,  and  no 
hope  at  all  to  recouer  his  prize,  [he]  set  his  Portugales  on 
shore,  and  set  saile  for  the  Summer  lies  ;  where  safely 
arriuing,  hee  declared  the  whole  passage  to  the  Gouernour, 
lest  some  other  in  telling  might  make  it  worse,  of  which 
the  Gouernour  seemed  well  enough  to  approue. 

This  Gouernour  still  spent  his  time  in  good  husbandry, 
although  some  of  the  snarling  sort  here  in  England,  whom 
nothing  will  please,  writ  to  him  hee  was  fitter  to  be  a 
Gardiner  then  a  Gouernour:  some  time  he  spent  in  digging 
of  agreat  pond,  but  that  workeprouedaltogethervnprofitable. 

About  that  time  was  held  the  second  Assise.  The  J^£cond 
greatest  matter  passed,  was  a  Proclamation  against  the 
spoile  of  Cahowes ;  but  it  came  too  late,  for  they  were 
most  destroyed  before  :  a  platforme  [battery]  hee  caused  to 
be  erected  by  Pagits  Fort,  where  a  good  Fort  were  very 
necessary. 

Captaine  Powell  not  hauing  performed  his  seruice  in 
the  West  Indies  [that]  he  conditioned  with  the  Company, 
is  sent  thither  againe  by  this  Gouernour,  and  thirteene 
or  fourteene  of  his  best  men,  furnished  with  all  things 
necessary.  In  the  meane  time  the  Company  vnder- 
standing,  that  in  Ianuary,  February  and  March,  there  are 
many  Whales  ;  for  which  fishing  they  sent  the  Neptune,  a 

42 


neere 
deuoi 
with  rats. 


658  The  wonderfull  increase        Lib.  5.  [NMBrutTe0r"a^ 

[1616-7]  tall  ship  well  prouided  with  euery  thing  fitting  for  that 
pupose.  But  before  she  arriued,  Captaine  Tuckar,  who 
had  brought  also  with  him  most  prouisions  for  that  imploi- 
ment,  sent  three  good  Shalops  to  try  what  could  be  done  : 
but  whether  it  was  the  swiftnes  of  the  Whale  in  swim- 
ming, or  the  condition  of  the  place,  certaine  it  is  for  all 
their  labour  and  hazard,  they  could  kill  none,  though  they 
strucke  many. 
1617  To  be<;in  his  second  yeere,  he  called  the  third  Assise, 

Assise""1  wnere  diuers  were  punished  as  their  faults  deserued  :  three 
sir  Thomas  were  condemned  to  die ;  two  were  repri[e]ued,  but  the  third 
Tourer  was  nangeci  :  the  next  day  there  was  also  a  leuy  for  the 
repairing  two  Forts ;  but  that  labour  tooke  not  such  effect 
as  was  intended,  for  want  of  good  directions. 
The  But  the  great  God  of  heauen  being  angry  at  somewhat 

neeretrey  happened  in  those  proceedings,  caused  such  an  increase  of 
silly  rats,  in  the  space  of  two  yeeres  so  to  abound,  before 
they  regarded  them,  that  they  filled  not  onely  those  places 
where  they  were  first  landed,  but  swimming  from  place  to 
place,  spread  themselues  into  all  parts  of  the  Countrey, 
insomuch  that  there  was  no  Hand  but  it  was  pestered  with 
them ;  and  some  fishes  haue  beene  taken  with  rats  in  their 
bellies,  which  they  caught  in  swimming  from  He  to  He : 
their  nests  they  had  almost  in  euery  tree,  and  in  most 
places  their  burrowes  in  the  ground  like  conies :  they 
spared  not  the  fruits  of  the  plants,  or  trees,  nor  the  very 
plants  themselues,  but  ate  them  vp.  When  they  had  set 
their  corne,  the  rats  would  come  by  troupes  in  the  night 
and  scratch  it  out  of  the  ground.  If  by  diligent  watch 
any  escaped  till  it  came  to  earing,  it  should  then  very 
hardly  escape  them :  and  they  became  noysome  euen  to 
the  very  persons  of  men. 

They  vsed  all  the  diligence  they  could  for  the  destroying 
of  [186]  them,  nourishing  cats  both  wilde  and  tame,  for 
that  purpose;  they  vsed  ratsbane,  and  many  times  set  fire 
on  the  woods,  that  oft  ran  halfe  a  mile  before  it  was 
extinct ;  euery  man  was  enioyned  to  set  twelue  traps,  and 
some  of  their  owne  accord  haue  set  neere  an  hundred, 
which  they  euer  visited  twice  or  thrice  in  a  night ;  they 
also  trained  vp  their  dogges  to  hunt  them,  wherein  they 
became  so  expert,  that  a  good  dog  in  two  or  three  houres 


Ed- byjJu'iysT624.]  Lib.  5.        and  confusion  of  Rats,  659 

would  kil  forty  or  fifty.  Many  other  deuices  they  vsed  to  [1617] 
destroy  them,  but  could  not  preuaile,  finding  them  still 
increasing  against  them  :  nay  they  so  deuoured  the  fruits 
of  the  earth,  that  they  were  destitute  of  bread  for  a  yeere 
or  two ;  so  that  when  they  had  it  afterwards,  they  were 
so  wained  [weaned]  from  it,  they  easily  neglected  to  eat  it 
with  their  meat.  Besides  they  endeuoured  so  much  for  the 
planting  [of]  Tobacco  for  present  gaine,  that  they  neglected 
many  things  [that]  might  more  haue  preuailed  for  their 
good ;  which  caused  amongst  them  much  weaknesse  and 
mortality,  since  the  beginning  of  this  vermine. 

At  last  it  pleased  God,  but  by  what  meanes  it  is  not  a  strange 
well  knowne,  to  take  them  away;  in  so  much  that  the  $rats!°n 
wilde  cats  and  many  dogs  which  liued  on  them,  were 
famished,  and  many  of  them  leauing  the  woods,  came 
downe  to  their  houses,  and  to  such  places  where  they  vse 
to  garbish  their  fish,  and  became  tame.  Some  haue 
attributed  the  destruction  of  them  to  the  encrease  of  wild 
cats,  but  that  is  not  likely  they  should  be  so  suddenly 
encreased  rather  at  that  time,  then  foure  yeeres  before ; 
and  the  chiefe  occasion  of  this  supposition  was,  because 
they  saw  some  companies  of  them  leaue  the  woods,  and 
slew  themselues  for  want  of  food.  Others  by  the  cold- 
nesse  of  winter,  which  notwithstanding  is  neuer  so  great 
there  as  with  vs  in  March,  except  it  be  in  the  wind : 
besides  the  rats  wanted  not  the  fethers  of  young  birds  and 
chickins,  which  they  daily  killed,  and  Palmeta  mosse  to 
build  themselues  warme  nests  out  of  the  wind,  as  vsually 
they  did;  neither  doth  it  appeare  that  the  cold  was  so 
mortall  to  them,  seeing  they  would  ordinarily  swimme 
from  place  to  place,  and  bee  very  fat  euen  in  the  midst  of 
winter.  It  remaineth  then,  that  as  God  doth  sometimes 
effect  his  will  without  subordinate  and  secondary  causes, 
so  wee  need  not  doubt,  but  that  in  the  speedy  encrease  of 
this  vermine ;  as  also  by  the  preseruation  of  so  many  of 
them  by  such  weake  meanes  as  they  then  enioyed,  and 
especially  in  the  so  sudden  remouall  of  this  great  annoy- 
ance, there  was  ioyned  with  and  besides  the  ordinary  and 
manifest  meanes,  a  more  mediate  and  secret  worke  of  God. 

About  this  time  Henry  Long,  with  seuen  others  in  an 
extreame   storme   were   cast    away,    but   three   of   them 


660         The  adventures  of  Master  Powell.    Lib.  5.  [A^: 

[1617]  escaped.  One  of  them  being  asked  what  hee  thought  in 
the  worst  of  that  extremity,  answered,  he  thought  [of] 
nothing  but  gallowes  claime  thy  right :  and  it  seemes  God 
well  heard  his  prayer,  and  rewarded  his  ingratitude;  for 
he  was  handed  within  halfe  a  yeere  after. 

In  that  March  [1617]  also  hue  men  went  to  Sea,  but  as  yet 
was  neuer  heard  of;  and  three  more  [were]  drowned  in  a  boat. 
By  Hilliards  house  grew  a  very  faire  Cedar,  which  by  a 
thunder  clap  was  rent  almost  to  small  shiuers,  and  a  man 
[that]  stood  by  him  and  Samuel  Tanton,  [was]  most  fearfully 
blasted ;  yet  neither  they,  the  house,  nor  a  little  childe : 
yet  a  paire  of  racks  in  the  house  was  all  torne  to  fitters. 

The  Neptune  not  long  after  arriuing  to  fish  for  whale, 

her  fortune  proued  no  better  then  the  Gouernours ;  yet 

some  are  of  opinion,  profit  might  be  made  by  them. 

SmS"™6       ^n  ^ay  t1^1?]  theydiscried  foure  saile,  so  that  manning 

Poweihom   all  their  Forts,  they  stood  two  daies  in  Armes,  expecting 

the  indies.    what   they  were.    at   last  they   founci   jt    Master  Powell 

returned  from  the  West-Indies  in  the  Hopewell,  where 
missing  such  trade  as  he  expected,  these  three  Frigots 
comming  in  his  way,  he  could  not  chuse  but  take  them. 
Meale,  Hides  and  Munition  was  their  lading.  Faire 
weather  the  Gouernor  made  with  Powell,  till  he  had  got 
all  the  goods  into  his  owne  possession,  and  then  called 
Powell  to  a  strict  account  for  doing  such  an  vnwarrantable 
act;  much  a  doe  then  was  betwixt  the  taker  and  receiuer: 
but  Powell  was  glad  to  be  excused  to  answer  it  in  England, 
leauing  all  hee  had  taken  behinde  him  in  the  lies.  The 
Neptune  also  returned  with  him,  but  noble  Powell  lost  all 
his  pay  and  pillage  for  [187]  this  yeeres  worke.  For  which 
the  Company  sent  for  to  Tuckar,  so  that  he  also  lost  his 
part  as  well  as  Powell. 

Notwithstanding,  the  Gouernour  by  this  meanes  being 
strong  in  shipping,  fitted  the  Caruill  with  twelue  men, 
(M59i>  vnder  the  command  of  Edward  Waters  formerly  spoken 
648,'  64^.']  of,  and  sent  them  to  Virginia  about  such  businesse  as  hee 
had  conceiued.  Arriuing  there,  they  obtained  some  goates, 
and  hogs,  and  what  they  could  spare,  and  so  returned 
for  the  Summer  lies  ;  but  whether  they  could  not  finde  the 
lies  for  want  of  skill,  or  [were]  beaten  off  by  ill  weather  ;  or 
the  ill  will  they  bare  the  Gouernor,  it  matters  not  much  : 


Ed.  by  J.  Smith."] 
July  1624.  J 


The  diuision  of  the  lies  by  M.  R.  Norwood.     661 


but   they   bare  vp    again    for    Virginia,   where    they   all   [1617-8] 
remained,  and  would  returne  no  more  to  Summer  lies. 

The  Gouernour  thinking  to  make  some  vse  of  the  hides, 
set  some  that  professed  themselues  Tanners,  to  make 
tryall  of  their  skill ;  but  they  lost  their  labours  and  spoiled 
the  hides. 

Also  he    called    another    Assise    concerning    a    poore  a  supposed 
fellow  called  Gabriel,  for  concealing  some  speeches  Master  ESby 
Pollard  and  Master  Rich  should  vse,  tending  to  the  dis-  2dSter 
reputation  of  the  Gouernour,  and  his  iniustice  and  cruelties;  Rich- 
which  being  brought  within  the  compasse  of  sedition  and 
mutiny,  though  a  yeere  agoe :  many  were  called  in  ques- 
tion about  it,  although  euery  one  ordinarily  had  spoke  as 
much.     Yet  Gabriel  for  example  sake  was  condemned  to 
bee  hanged ;  and  was  vpon  the  ladder,  but  reprieued.     The 
other  two  Master  Pollard,  and  Master  Rich  were  imprisoned ; 
but  vpon  better  consideration,  the  fact  appeared  so  small 
and  ridiculous,  vpon  their  submission  they  were  pardoned, 
and  restored  to  their  places. 


& 


The  diuision  of  the  Summer  lies  into  Tribes,  by 
Master  Richard  Norwood,  Surueyor. 


1618. 

The  diui- 
sion of  the 
into 

bes. 

Sir  Thornm 
Or    Smith 

Treasurer. 


Ccording  to  the  directions  of  the  Councell  and 
Company,   as    they   had    determined    by    lot, 
Master  Norwood  tooke  a  plot  of  the  He,  and  ii« 
diuided    it   with   as    much    faithfulnes   as   he   J 
could,    assigning    to    euery    Aduenturer    his    share 
proportion,    as   namely,   to   lay   out  a  large   proportion, 
to    bee    called    the     generall    land,    and    imployed    for 
publike  vses,  as  for  the  maintenance  of  the  Gouernour, 
Ministers,  Commanders  of  Forts,  souldiers,  and  such  like: 
and  to  this  end  was  assigned  5.  Georges  Hand,  5.  Dauids 
Hand,  Longbridge  Hand,  Smiths  Hand,  Coopers  Hand,  Cony 
Hand,  Nonesuch  Hand,  part  of  the  maine,  and  sundry  other 
small  lies.     The  rest  was  to  be  diuided  into  eight  parts, 
each  part  to  be  called  a  tribe,  and  to  haue  his  denomina- 
tion of  some  principall  person  that  was  Aduenturer  therein : 


662  [  The  names  and  shares  of  the  Adventurers. 


Mr.  Pollard 
N.  Butler,  &c. 


[1618]  and  accordingly  the  first  Tribe  to  bee  Eastward,  was  then 
called  Bedfords  Tribe,  now  Hamiltons:  the  second,  Smiths: 
Tribe  the  third,  Cavendish,  now  Denonshires  :  the  fourth, 
Pembrooks :  the  fift,  Pagits  :  the  sixt,  Mansils  now  Warwicks: 
the  seuenth,  Southhampton  :  the  eighth,  Sand[y]s :  m  the 
honours  of  the  Right  honorable  the  Marquis  Hamilton,  Sir 
Thomas  Smith,  the  Earle  of  Deuonshire,  the  Earle  of 
Pembrooke,  the  Lord  Pagit,  the  Earle  of  Warwicke,  the 
Earle  of  Southhampton,  and  Sir  Edwin  Sand[y]s. 

Againe  each  of  those  Tribes  were  to  bee  diuided  into  fifty 
parts,  called  shares ;  and  euery  Aduenturer  to  haue  his 
shares  in  these  tribes  as  was  determined,  by  casting  lots  in 
England,  the  manner  of  it  appeares  by  the  Map,  and  more 
largely  by  his  Booke  of  the  Suruay  of  the  Countrey,  which 
is  in  the  Records  of  the  Colony. 

And  then  began  this  which  was  before  as  you  haue 
heard,  but  as  an  vnsetled  and  confused  Chaos,  to  receiue  a 
a  disposition,  forme,  and  order,  and  become  indeed  a 
Plantation.  [188] 


The  names  of  the  Aduenturers,  and  their  shares 

in  euery  Tribe,  according  to  the  suruey,  and 

the  best  information  yet  ascertained, 

of  any  of  their  alterations. 


Master 
Master 
Master 
Master 
Master 
Master 
Master 
Master 


Hamiltons  Tribe. 

Share[s]. 

Ames   L.   Marquis 

Hamilton] .     6 

Sir     Edward 

Harwood.        4 

John  Delbridge.        3 

Iohn  Dike  3 

Ellis  Roberts.  2 

Robert  Phips.  1 

Ralph  King.  1 

Quicks  assignes.        2 

William  Canni[n]g.  4 

William  Canni[n]g.  1 


Master  William  Web.  1 

Master  Iohn  Bernards  as- 
signes. 2 
Master  Elias  Roberts  Iun.  1 
Master  Iohn  Gearing.  2 
Master  Cleophas  Smith.  2 
Robert  Earle  of  Warwick.  4 
Master  Thomas  Couell.  3 
Master  Greenwels  assignes.  1 
Master  Cley.  1 
Master  Powlson.  2 
Master  Iohn  Dike.  ij 
Common     land    for    con- 

ueniency.  25 

Master  Iohn  Dike.  ij 


Ed.  by  J.  Smith. 
July  1624. 


The  names  and  shares  of  the  Adventurers^         663 


Master  George  Thorps  as- 


2.  Smiths  Tribe. 

Shares. 
Sir  Dudley  Digs  assignes.  2 
Master  Richard  Edwards.  2 
Master  William  Pane.  4 
Master  Robert  Smith.  2 

Master  George  Barkley  as- 
signes. 5 
Sir  Samuel  Sand[y]s.  1 
Master  A  nthony  Pennistone.  4 
Sir  Edwin  Sand[y]s.  5 
Sir  Thomas  Smith.  5 
Master  Richard  More.  4 
Master  Ad[am\  Brumfteld.  2 
Master     Robert     Iohnson 

A  Iderman.  5 

Master  Iohn  Wroth.  3 

Master  George  Smith.  4 

3.  Deuonshire  Tribe. 

Shares. 
Master  Anthony  Penistone.  2 
Master  Iohn  Dike.  1 

Master  Iohn  Dike.  1 

Master  Iohn  Bernards  heir es.  2 
Robert  Earle  of  Warwick.  2 
Master  Francis  West.  2 

William  Lord  Cavendish.  5 
William  E  arle  of  Deuonshire  5 
Master  Edward  Luckin.  5 
Master  Edward  Ditchfield.  1 
Master  Edward  Ditchfield.  4 
Master  William  Nicols.  2 
Master  Edward  Ditchfield.  1 
Master  Iohn  Fletcher.  2 

Master  Gedion  Delawne.  2 
Master  Anthony  Pennistone.  3 


Master  Best.  2 

Master  Edward  Luckin.  2 

Master  Richard  Rogers.  2 

Master  William  Palmer.  4 

4.  Pembrookes  Tribe. 

Master  George  Smith.  4 

Gleab  land.  2 

Master  Nicholas  Hide.  1 

Sir  Lawrence  Hide.  1 

Master  Thomas  Iudwyn.  2 
WilliamE  arle  of  Pembroke.  10 

Master  Richard  Edwards.  1 

Master  Harding.  1 

Master  Richard  Edwards.  1 

Master  Elias  Roberts.  1 

Master  Richard  Edwards.  1 

Master  Iacobsons  assignes.  1 

Master  Iohn  Farrar.  1 

Master  Nicholas  Farrar.  1 

Master  Nicholas  Farrar.  1 

Master  William  Canning.  2 

Master  Richard  Martin.  2, 

Master  Moris  Abbot.  2 

Master  Richard  Caswell.  1 

Master  Richard  Caswell.  2 

Master  William  Caswell.  1 

Master  Richard  Edwards.  2 

Master  Richard  Caswell.  1 

Master  Richard  Edwards.  1 
Master    George    Sand[y]s 

assignes.  2 

Master  William  Paine.  2 

5.  Pagits  Tribe. 

Master  Iohn  Chamberlaine.  5 
Master  Thomas  Ayres,  and) 

Master  Richard  Wiseman.)  ^ 

Master  Richard  Wiseman.  1 
William  Lord  Pagit.          10 


[1618] 


664   [The  names  of  the  Adventurers ',  &c.~\   Lib.  5. 


r    Mr.  Pollard, 
l_N.  Butler,  &c. 


[1618]       Master  William  Palmer. 


Master  Bagnell. 
Master  Iohn  Bale. 
Master  Wheatley. 
Master  Christopher  Barron. 
Master  Iohn  Wodall. 
Master  Iohn  Wodall. 
Master  Lewis. 
Master  Owen  Arthors  as- 

signes.  2 

Master  George  Etheridge.    4 

2 
Sir  William  Wade.  1 

Master    Iohn    Bernards 

heires.  1 


6.  Warwicks  Tribe. 

Shares. 
Master  Wheatley.  2 

Captaine  Daniel  Tuckar. 
Master  William  Felgate. 
Robert  Earle  of  Waruicke. 
Master  George  Smith. 
Master  Samuel  Tickner. 
Master  Francis  Mevell. 
Master  S[t]ephen  Sparrow 
Master  Ioseph  Man. 
Captaine  Daniel  Tuckar. 
Master  Elias  More. 
Doctor  Anthony  Hunton. 
Master  Francis  Moverill. 
Master  Richard  Poulson. 
Master  Mathew  Shephard. 
Master  George  Tuckar. 


2 
1 
5 
5 
2 
1 
1 

5 

2 
1 
2 
1 
1 
1 
10 

Master  Ch[arles]  Clithcroe.  1 
Master  George  Swinow.  2 
Master  Richard  Tomlings.  1 
Master  Francis  Meverill.  1 
Master  Iohn  Waters.  2 

Master  Martin  Bond.  2 


7.  Southamptons  Tribe. 
Captaine  Daniel  Tuckar.       4 
Master  Iohn  Britton.  1 

Master  Richard  Chamber- 
land.  3 
Master  Leonard  Harwods 

assignes.  1 

Master  Iohn  Banks.  1 

Sir  Nathanael  Rich.  12 

Robert  Earle  of  War- 

wicke.  3  [189] 

Master  Richard  More.  6 
Master  George  Scot. 
Master  Edward  Scot.  •  6 
Master  Anthony  A bdy. 
Henry  Earle  of  Southampton.  4 
Master  Andrew  Broumfeld.  2 
Master  Henry  T imbed.  2 
Sir  Thomas  Hewet.  2 

Master  Perce.  1 

Sir  Ralph  Winwood.  2 

8.  Sandys  Tribe. 

Shares. 
M.  George  Barcklies  heires.  5 
Sir  Edwin  Sand[y]s.  5 

Master  Ierom  Hidon.         10 
M  aster  Thomas  Millin  and  | 
Master  Iohn  Cuffe. 
Master  Robert  Chamberlaine  2 
Master  Abr.  Chamberlaine.  1 
Master  George  Smith.  2 

Master  Robert  Gore. 
Sir  Edward  Sackvile. 
Sir  Iohn  Dauers. 
Master  Robert  Gore. 
Master  Iohn  Del  bridge. 
Master  Iohn  Wroth. 
Master  Iohn  Wests  heires. 
Master  Richard  Chamber- 
laine. 10 


fed'  byjuiysT624.]   The  proceedings  of  Captaine  Daniel  Tuckar.    665 

Touching  the  common  ground  in  each  Tribe,  as  also       [1618] 
the  ouer-plus,  you  may  finde  that  at  large  in  the  Booke  of 
Surueyes  amongst  their  Records. 

Now  though  the  Countrey  was  small,  yet  they  could 
not  conueniently  haue  beene  disposed  and  well  setled, 
without  a  true  description  and  a  suruey  of  it ;  and  againe, 
euery  man  being  setled  where  he  might  constantly  abide, 
they  knew  their  businesse,  and  fitted  their  houshold 
accordingly:  then  they  built  no  more  Cabbens,  but  sub- 
stantiall  houses  ;  they  cleered  their  grounds,  and  planted 
not  onely  such  things  as  would  yeeld  them  their  fruits  in 
a  few  moneths,  but  also  such  as  would  affoord  them  profit 
within  a  few  yeares,  so  that  in  a  short  time  the  Countrey 
began  to  aspire,  and  neerely  approach  vnto  that  happi- 
nesse  and  prosperitie,  wherein  now  it  flourisheth,  &c. 

But  to  follow  the  History ;  vpon  the  best  plot  of  ground  1618- 
[that]  could  be  found,  the  Gouernor  preuailed  so  much  with 
the  generalitie,  they  built  a  faire  house  of  Cedar :  which 
being  done,  he  appropriated  it  to  himselfe,  which  occasioned 
exceeding  much  distaste. 

About  this  time  arriued  the  Diana  with  a  good  supply  of  ™e  first 
men  and  prouision,  and  the  first  Magazin  euer  seene  in  agaaI 
those  lies  ;  which  course  is  not  so  much  commended  here, 
as  cursed  and  abhorred  by  reason  of  enhansements  of  all 
the  Inhabitants  there  ;  six  or  seuen  weeks  this  ship  staied, 
then  hauing  towards  her  fraught  thirtie  thousand  [pounds] 
weight  of  Tobacco  :  which  prouing  good,  and  comming  to  a 
lucky  Market,  gave  great  encouragement  to  the  Aduenturers 
to  goe  lustily  forward  in  their  Plantation  ;  and  without  such 
successe,  there  is  nothing  but  grudging  and  repining. 

But  about  the  appropriation  of  this  new  built  house, 
many  bad  discontents  grew  betwixt  the  oppressed  Colony 
and  the  Gouernor ;  especially  betwixt  him  and  the  Minister, 
and  Lewes,  who  would  neither  be  feared  with  threats  nor 
imprisonment,  that  their  malice  continued  till  they  met  in 
England:  of  which  the  Minister  made  the  cause  soplaine,[that] 
hee  very  well  and  honestly,  it  seemes,  discharged  himselfe. 

Now  in  those  times  of  these  endlesse  vnciuill  broiles, 
two  desperate  men  and  a  proper  Gentlewoman  got  into  a 


666     Proceedings  of  Capt.  Daniel  Tuckar.    Lib.  5.  [NMBruJef  &J 

[1618]  Boat,  and  thinking  to  make  an  escape  to  Virginia,  as 
£j>ioits  appeared  by  some  Letters  they  left  behinde  them,  were 
of  desperate  neuer  more  heard  on. 

Fugumes.  The  very  next  moneth  after,  the  like  was  attempted  by  six 
others,  so  desirous  they  were  to  be  rid  of  their  seruitude  ; 
but  their  plot  being  discouered  by  one  of  their  societie,  they 
were  apprehended,  arraigned,  and  condemned  to  be  hanged: 
the  next  day  being  led  with  halters  about  their  neckes  to  the 
place  of  execution,  one  was  hanged,  and  the  rest  repri[e]ued. 
o?1therriua11  ^^e  D*ana  arriuing  well  in  England,  for  all  the  infinite 
Butting,  numbers  of  complaints,  the  Tobacco  did  helpe  to  sweeten 
all  manner  of  grieuances;  yet  it  bred  a  distaste  in  the 
opinions  of  so  many,  they  began  to  thinke  of  another 
Gouernor :  but  for  that  time  it  was  so  qualified  by  diuers 
of  his  friends,  they  dispatched  away  the  Blessing,  which 
arriued  in  the  Somer  lies. 

Though  their  generall  Letter  was  faire  and  courteous  to 
the  Gouernor,  yet  by  the  report  of  the  Passengers  and 
diuers  particular  letters  from  his  friends,  it  was  assured  him 
his  cruelty  and  couetousnesse,forall  his  paines  and  industry, 
was  much  disliked,  nor  was  he  like[ly]  to  enioy  his  [190] 
house,  and  that  land  he  had  planted  for  himselfe  by  the  ex- 
treme oppression  of  the  Comminalty.  This  caused  so  many 
ielousies  to  arise  in  his  conceit,  that  at  last  he  fully  resolued 
to  returne  by  this  ship  ;  that  no  sooner  set  saile  for  England, 
then  they  proceeded  to  the  nomination  of  a  new  Gouernor. 
Many  were  presented  according  to  the  affections  of  those 
that  were  to  giue  in  their  voices,  but  it  chiefely  rested 
betwixt  one  Captaine  Southwell,  and  one  Master  Nathaniel 
Butler;  where  wee  will  leaue  them  a  while  to  the  con- 
sideration of  the  Court  and  Company. 

Now  Captaine  Tuckar  hauing  instituted  Captaine  Kendall 
one  of  the  six  Gouernors  before  spoken  of,  for  his  substitute, 
returned  with  this  ship  directly  for  England ;  as  well  to 
excuse  himselfe  of  those  obiections  he  suspected,  as  to  get 
assured  him  the  house  and  land  he  had  alotted  for  himselfe, 
lest  it  might  otherwise  be  disposed  of  in  his  absence. 

Collected  out  of  their  Records  by  N.B.  and  the 
relations  of  Master  Pollard,  and  diuers  others. 


of  two  ships. 


T'he  Gouernment  of  Captaine 

Miles  Kendall,  Deputy  for 
Captaine  Tuckar. 

HE  vnexpected  returne  [to  England]  of  [1618] 
Captaine  Tuckar,  caused  a  demurre  in  The: 
the  election  of  the  new  Gouernor;  some 
perswading  these  oft  changes  were  so 
troublesome,  dangerous,  and  chargeable, 
it  were  best  to  continue  Captaine  Ken- 
dall; others  againe  stood  for  Captaine 
Tuckar:  but  during  the  time  of  these 
opinions,  the  Gilliflower  was  dispatched  with  a  supply. 

Now  I  should  haue  remembred,  Tuckar  was  no  sooner 
out  of  the  harbour,  but  he  met  Master  Elfred  in  a  ship 
called  the  Treasurer,  sent  from  Virginia  to  trade :  by  her 
he  writ  to  his  Deputy  Master  Kendall,  to  haue  a  care 
of  all  things,  and  beware  of  too  much  acquaintance  with 
this  ship,  which  hee  suspected  was  bound  for  the  West- 
Indies.  Notwithstanding,  Elfred  receiued  what  kindnesse 
the  He  could  afford;  he  promised  to  reuisit  them  at  his 
returne.  This  done,  because  they  would  not  be  gouernlesse 
when  his  Deputiship  was  expired,  there  was  a  generall 
assembly,  and  by  that  Election  Kendall  was  confirmed  to 
succeed  still  Gouernor. 

Now  they  began  to  apply  themselues  to  the  finishing  [of] 
some  plat-forme  about  Smiths  Fort,  and  laying  the  foundation 
of  a  Church  to  be  built  of  Cedar,  till  the  Gillyflower  arriued 
with  some  priuate  letters  to  Kendall,  how  he  was  elected 
Gouernor  of  those  lies  for  three  yeeres. 

During  her  stay,  they  held  their  Assises,  where  for  some 


668   The  GouernmentofCapt.  Miles  Kendall.    Lib.  5.  [*•**$£ 

[1618-9]  few  suspected  facts  three  were  condemned,  and  the  better 

to  terrifie   the   rest,  led   to  the   place  of  execution,  but 

reprieued;  diuers  of  the  rest  had  their  faults  pardoned,  and 

the  Gilliflower  set  saile  for  New  found  land. 

SS£rne  ^e  *oue  anc*  kindnesse,  honesty  and  industry  of  this 

chosen        Captaine  Kendall,  hath  beene  very  much  commended  ;  by 

Goueraor.     otherSj  somewhat  disliked  :  but  an  Angell  in  those  imploi- 

ments  cannot  please  all  men,  yet  this  consideration  bred 

much  ill  bloud  as  well  here  as  there,  so  that  the  Company 

directly   concluded,    Captaine   Butler   should   with   what 

expedition  they  could,  goe  to  be  their  Gouernor : 

In  the  Interim  they  tooke  the  opportunitie  of  a  ship, 
called  the  Sea-flower,  bound  for  Virginia ;  and  by  her  sent  a 
Preacher  and  his  Family,  with  diuers  Passengers,  and  newes 
of  a  new  Gouernor.  This  bred  a  great  distaste  amongst 
many,  that  still  they  should  haue  new  officers  and 
strangers  for  their  Gouernors  they  neuer  heard  of,  and 
themselues  still  kept  there  whether  they  would  or  no, 
without  any  preferment,  no  nor  scarce  any  of  them  their 
inhabiting,  to  haue  any  land  at  all  of  their  owne,  but  Hue 
all  as  tenants,  or  as  other  mens  poore  seruants. 

About  this  time  came  in  Captaine  Kerby  with  a  small 
Barke  from  the  West-Indies :  who  hauing  refreshed  him- 
selfe,  was  very  kindly  vsed  by  the  Gouernor ;  [191]  and  so 
departed. 

Not  long  after  a  Dutch  Frigot  was  cast  away  vpon  the 
Westerne  shore;  yet  by  the  helpe  of  the  English  they  saued 
the  men,  though  the  ship  perished  amongst  the  Rocks. 

A  little  after,  one  Ensigne  Wood  being  about  the  loading 
of  a  peece,  by  thrusting  a  pike  into  the  concauitie,  grating 
vpon  the  shot,  or  somewhat  about  the  powder,  strucke  fire 
within  her  and  so  discharged,  but  wounded  him  cruelly 
and  blew  him  into  the  Sea:  though  hee  was  got  out  by 
some  that  stood  by  him,  yet  hee  died  of  those  wounds. 

Within  two  or  three  daies  after,  Captaine  Elfred  now 
comes  in  a  second  time :  but  of  that  we  shall  say  more  in 
the  gouernment  of  Captaine  Butler ;  who  presently  after 
arriued  with  a  good  supply,  and  was  kindly  entertained 
by  Captaine  Kendall  and  all  the  Colony. 

From  a  relation  of  Thomas  Sparks,  and  diuers  others. 


"The  Gouernment  of  Captaine 
Nathaniel  Butler. 

Aptaine  Butler  being  arriued  the  twentieth      [1619] 
of  October,  1619.  some  mutterings  there 
was  how  to  maintaine  their  election  of 
Captaine  Kendall',  but  better  remembring 
themselues,  that  conceit  quickly  dissolued. 

The  next  day  [20  Oct.],  Kendall,  the  tStfanT 
Ministers,  and  the  Counsellwent  aboord  much  hurt 
to  salute  the  new  Gouernor,  where  after  Hericano. 
they  had  dined  with  the  best  entertainment  he  could  giue  1619. 
them ;  they  saw  the  Redout  belonging  to  the  Kings  Castle  by 
a  mischance  on  fire,  whither  he  repaired  with  all  the  meanes 
he  could  to  quench  it ;  but  all  the  platforme  and  cariages 
were  consumed  before  theirfaces,andtheycouldnothelpe  it. 
Two  daies  after  he  went  vp  to  the  Towne,  had  his 
Commission  publikely  read,  made  a  short  speech  to  the 
Company,  and  so  tooke  vpon  him  the  gouernment.  Then 
presently  he  began  to  repaire  the  most  necessary  defects. 
The  next  moneth,  came  in  the  Garland,  sent  from 
England  six  or  seuen  weekes  before  him ;  so  that  being 
seuenteene  weeks  in  her  voyage,  it  was  so  tedious  and 
grieuous  to  diuers  of  the  Fresh-water  Passengers,  that  such 
a  sicknesse  bred  amongst  them,  many  died  as  well  Sailers  as 
Passengers.  Hauing  taken  the  best  order  he  could  for  their 
releefe,  [he]  passed  through  all  the  Tribes,  and  held  his  first 
Assise  in  Captaine  Tuckars  house  [p.  665]  at  the  ouer-plus 
[i.e.,  on  the  spare  land  not  yet  appropriated  to  any  particular  share] . 
Towards  the  last  of  this  moneth  of  Nouember  [1619] 
there  arose  a  most  terrible  storme  or  Hericano,  that  blew 
vp  many  great   trees   by   the   roots:    the    Warwick  that 


670  The  Gouernment  of  Lib.  5.  L^^jifrSJ; 

[1619-20]  brought  the  Gouernor  was  cast  away,  but  the  Garland,  [that] 
rid  by  her,  saued  her  selfe  by  cutting  downe  her  Masts  ;  and 
not  long  after  a  second  storme,  no  lesse  violent  then  the 
first,  wherein  the  Mount  (which  was  a  frame  of  wood  built 
by  Master  More  for  a  Watch-tower  to  looke  out  to  Sea) 
was  blowne  vp  by  the  roots,  and  all  that  Winter  crop  of 
corne  blasted.  And  thus  was  the  new  Gouernor  welcomed. 
The  With  the  beginning  of  the  new  yeere  [1620]  he  began  his 

the°Kin^s  first  peece  of  fortification,  vpon  a  Rocke  which  flankers  the 
CasU**  Kings  Castle,  and  finding  the  ship  called  the  Treasurer 
starke  rotten  and  vnseruiceable,  hee  tooke  nine  peeces  of 
Ordinance  from  her  to  serue  other  vses.  The  Garland  for 
want  of  meanes,  could  not  make  her  voiage  to  Virginia  as 
she  was  appointed ;  wherefore  he  entertained  her  to 
returne  to  England,  with  all  the  Tabacco  they  had  in  the 
He.  It  was  Ianuary  [1620]  before  she  departed,  in  which 
time,  shee  failed  not  much  to  haue  beene  twice  cast  away. 
But  those  strange  and  vnauoidable  mischances,  rather 
seemed  to  quicken  the  Gouernors  industry  then  to  dull  it. 
Hauing  finished  the  Church  begun  by  Captaine  Kendall, 
with  an  infinite  toile  and  labour  he  got  three  peeces  out 

0^.669,674.]  of  the  wracke  VVarwicke.  Hauing  an  excellent  Dutch 
Carpinter  he  entertained  of  them  that  were  cast  away  in 
the  Dutch  Frigot ;  he  imploied  him  in  building  of  Boats, 
whereof  they  were  in  exceeding  great  want. 

In  February  [1620],  they  discouered  a  tall  ship  beating 
too  and  againe,  as  it  seemed  by  her  working,  being  ignorant 
of  the  Coast ;  some  thought  her  a  Spaniard  to  view  their 
Forts,  which  stand  most  to  [192]  that  part  she  so  neerely 
approached ;  some,  English ;  but  the  most,  some  Dutch 
man  of  Warre  :  The  wind  blew  so  high,  they  durst  not  send 
out  a  Boat,  though  they  much  doubted  she  would  be  foule 
of  their  Rocks  ;  but  at  last  she  bore  vp  rommy  for  the  Sea, 
and  we  heard  of  her  no  more. 

Amber-  That  euening,  a  lucky  fellow  it  should  seeme  he  was, 

fJund!  tnat  found  a  peece  of  Ambergreece  of  eight  ounces,  as  he 
had  twice  before ;  which  bringing  to  the  Gouernor,  he  had 
ready  money  for  the  one  halfe,  after  three  pound  an  ounce, 
according  to  their  order  of  Court,  to  encourage  others  to 
looke  out  for  more,  and  preuent  the  mischiefe  insueth  by 
concealing  of  it. 


"•^j&rfSf]  Lib.  5.       Captaine  Nathaniel  Butler.  671 

Within  a  few  daies  after,  they  descried  two  Frigots  that      [1620] 
came  close  to  the  shore,  and  sent  a  Letter  to  the  Gouernor,  Jj^SfjjJJ 
writ  in  Italian,  that  they  were  Hollanders  had  beene  in  the  Frigots." c 
West-Indies,  and  desired  but  to  arriue,  refresh  themselues 
with  wood  and  water,   and  so  be  gone.     The  Gouernor 
forthwith  sent  them  to  vnderstand,  that  being  there  vnder 
his  Maiestie  of  England  to  command  those  lies,  he  was 
to  carrie  himselfe  a  friend  to  his  friends,  and  an  enemy  to 
his  enemies  ;  if  therefore  he  could  shew  a  lawfull  Com- 
mission for  his  being  honestly  and  nobly  emploied,  he  and 
his  should  be   kindly  welcome,   otherwise  they  were  to 
aduenture  at  their  perills. 

But  his  Commission  was  so  good,  he  staied  there  two 
moneths,  and  was  so  well  fitted  with  Oile  and  Bacon,  they 
were  all  glad  and  happy  of  this  Dutch  Captaine  Scoutans 
arriuall ;  with  many  thanks  to  their  old  friend  Captaine 
Powell  that  had  conducted  him  thither.  The  Colony  being 
exceedingly  in  great  want  and  distresse,  bought  the  most 
part  of  it  at  reasonable  rates;  so  Captaine  Scoutan  returned 
to  the  West-Indies,  and  Captaine  Powell  for  his  part  in  the 
Low-Countries. 

Whilest  these  things  were  in  action,  the  Aduenturers  in 
England  made  many  a  long  looke  for  their  ships  ;  at  last 
the  Garland  brought  them  all  the  newes,  but  the  Tobacco 
was  so  spoiled  either  in  the  leaking  ship,  or  the  making  vp, 
it  caused  a  great  suspicion  there  could  none  [that]  was  good 
come  from  those  lies  ;  where  (were  they  but  perfit  in  the 
cure)  questionlesse  it  would  be  much  better  then  a  great 
quantitie  of  that  they  sell  for  Verinas,  and  many  a  thousand 
of  it  in  London  hath  beene  bought  and  sold  by  that  title. 

The  Gouernor  being  cleere  of  those  distractions,  falls  The 
vpon  the  restoring  of  the  burnt  Redoubt,  where  he  cuts  bUSS 
out  a  large  new  plat-forme,  and  mounts  seuen  great  peece[s]    Mimsters- 
of  Ordnance  vpon  new  cariages  of  Cedar.     Now  amongst 
all  those  troubles,  it  was  not  the  least  to  bring  the  two 
Ministers  to  subscribe  to  the  Booke  of  Common  Praier, 
which  all  the  Bishops  in  England  could  not  doe.     Finding 
it  high  time  to  attempt  some  conformitie,  [he]  bethought 
himselfe  of  the  Liturgie  of  Garnsey  and  Iarse,  wherein  all 
those  particulars  they  so  much  stumbled  at,  were  omitted. 
No  sooner  was  this  propounded,  but  it  was  gladly  imbraced 


672  The  Gouernment  of         Lib.  5.  [Ed>  by/u'iy Te*! 

[1620]  by  them  both,  whereupon  the  Gouernor  translated  it 
verbatim  out  of  French  into  English,  and  caused  the  eldest 
Minister  vpon  Easter  day  [16  April  1620]  to  begin  the  vse 
thereof  at  Saint  Georges  towne;  where  himselfe,  most  of  the 
Councell,  Officers  and  Auditorie  receiued  the  Sacrament : 
the  which  forme  they  continued  during  the  time  of  his 
gouernment. 

Much  about  this  time,  in  such  a  faire  morning  that  had 
inuited  many  Boats  farre  out  to  the  Sea  to  fish,  did  rise 
such  a  Hericano  that  much  indangered  them  all,  so  that 
one  of  them  with  two  Boies  were  driuen  to  Sea  and  neuer 
more  heard  of. 
T,?e  The   Ministers  thus  agreed,  a  Proclamation  was  pub- 

theUMount.  lished  for  keeping  of  the  Sabbath;  and  all  the  defective 
cariages  he  endeuoured  to  haue  renewed ;  [he  also]  builded 
a  small  Boat  of  Cedar  onely  to  goe  with  Ores,  to  be  ready 
vpon  any  occasion  to  discouer  any  shipping,  and  tooke 
order  euery  Fort  should  haue  the  like.  Also  caused  num- 
bers of  Cedars  to  be  brought  from  diuers  places  in  flotes, 
to  rebuild  the  Mount,  which  with  an  vnspeakable  toile, 
was  raised  seuen  foot  higher  then  before,  and  a  Falcon 
mounted  at  the  foot,  to  be  alwaies  discharged  for  a  warning 
to  all  the  Forts  vpon  the  discouery  of  any  shipping :  and 
this  he  called  Rich  Mount.  This  exceeding  toile  and 
labour,  hauing  no  Cattle  but  onely  mens  [193]  strengths, 
caused  many  petitions  to  the  Gouernour,  that  all  those 
generall  works  might  cease  till  they  had  reaped  their  har- 
uests,  in  that  they  were  in  great  distresse  for  victuall ; 
which  hee  so  well  answered,  their  owne  shames  did  cause 
them  desist  from  that  importunity,  and  voluntarily  per- 
forme  as  much  as  hee  required. 
The  Tombc  Finding  accidentally  a  little  crosse  erected  in  a  by  place, 
summ/rs?'  amongst  a  many  of  bushes,  vnderstanding  there  was  buried 
the  heart  and  intrailes  of  Sir  George  Summers,  hee  resolued 
to  haue  a  better  memory  for  so  worthy  a  Souldier,  then 
that.  So  finding  also  a  great  Marble  stone  brought  out 
of  England,  hee  caused  it  by  Masons  to  bee  wrought 
handsomely  and  laid  ouer  the  place,  which  hee  inuironed 
with  a  square  wall  of  hewen  stone,  Tombe  like ;  wherein 
hee  caused  to  bee  grauen  this  Epitaph  he  had  composed, 
and  fixed  it  vpon  the  Marble  stone ;  and  thus  it  was, 


Ed.  by  J.  Smith."]   T    TR 
July  1624.  J   l-lii' 


5.      Captaine  Nathaniel  Butler. 


673 
[1620] 


In  theyeere         1         6         1         1, 
Noble  Sir  George  Summers  went  hence  to  heauen  ; 
Whose  well  trVd  worth  that  held  him  still  imploid, 
Gaue  him  the  knowledge  of  the  world  so  wide. 
Hence  't  was  by  heauens  decree,  that  to  this  place 
He  brought  new  guests,  and  name  to  mutuall  grace. 
A  t  last  his  soule  and  body  being  to  part, 
He  here  bequeathe  his  entrails  and  his  heart. 


Vpon  the  sixt  of  Iune  [1620],  began  the  second  Assise,  ^;nrer 
that  reduced  them  to  the  direct  forme  vsed  in  England,  ofiawes 
For  besides  the  Gouernour  and  Councell :  they  haue  the  reformed 
Bailiffes  of  the  Tribes,  in   nature  of  the  Deputy  Lieu- 
tenants of  the  shires  in  England,  for  to  them  are  all  pre- 
cepts and  warrants  directed,  and  accordingly  answered 
and  respected ;  they  performe  also  the  duties  of  Iustices  of 
Peace,  within  their  limits.     The  subordinate  Officers  to 
these  in  euery  tribe,  are  the  Constables,  Head-borowes, 
and  Church-wardens ;  these  are  the  triers  of  the  Tobacco, 
which  if  they  allow  not  to  be  marchantable,  is  burnt :  and 
these  are  the  executioners  of  their  ciuill  and  politicke 
causes. 

For  points  of  warre  and  martiall  affaires,  they  haue  the  JJgJj^1 
Gouernour  for  Lieutenant  generall,  the  Sergeant  maior, 
Master  of  Ordinance,  Captaines  of  Companies,  Captaines 
of  Forts,  with  their  seuerall  officers,  to  traine  and  exer- 
cise those  numbers  vnder  their  charge,  in  martiall 
discipline. 

Concerning  their  Courts  for  decision  of  right  and  iustice, 
the  first,  though  last  in  constitution,  is  their  generall  Courts" 
assembly ;  allowed  by  the  state  in  England,  in  the  nature 
of  a  Parliament,  consisting  of  about  forty  persons ;  viz. 
the  Gouernour,  the  Counsell,  the  Bailiffes  of  the  tribes, 
and  two  Burgesses  of  each  tribe  chosen  by  voyces  in  the 
tribe,  besides  such  of  the  Clergie  as  the  Gouernour  thinkes 
most  fit,  to  be  held  once  a  yeere,  as  you  shal  heare  more 
thereof  hereafter. 

The  next  Court  is  the  Assise  or  Iayles  of  deliuerie,  held 
twice  euery  yeere,  in  Christmas,  and  Whitson  weeke, 
for  all  criminall  offenders,  and  ciuill  causes  betwixt  party 
and  party ;  as  actions  of  debt,  trespasse,  battery,  slander, 

43 


Ciuill 
Officers  and 


674  ^  Gouernment  of         Lib.  5.  |^-*/u-,*7J£ 

[1620]  and  the  like :  and  these  are  determined  by  a  Iury  of 
twelue  men,  and  aboue  them  is  also  a  grand  Iury  to 
examine  matters  of  greater  consequence. 

The  last  day  of  the  Assise  might  also  well  be  held  a  Court, 
for  hearing  the  trangressions  in  matters  of  contempt,  mis- 
behauiour  towards  any  Magistrate,  riots,  seditious  speakers, 
contemners  of  warrants,  and  such  like. 

There  are  also  as  occasion  shall  require,  many  matters 
heard  by  the  Gouernor,  or  his  Officers,  and  oft  iustice  done 
in  seuerall  places ;  but  those  are  but  as  daies  of  hearing, 
and  as  preparatiues  against  their  Courts,  &c. 

The  second  At  this  last  Assize  eighteene  were  arrained  for  criminall 
causes,  a  number  very  extraordinary  considering  the  place ; 
but  now  occasioned  by  reason  of  the  hard  yeere,  and  the 
store  of  ill  chosen  new  commers :  of  these,  some  were 
censured  to  the  whipping  post,  some  burned  in  the  hand, 
but  two  were  condemned  to  die,  yet  the  one  was  reprieued, 
the  other  hanged ;  this  done,  euery  man  returned  to  his 
home. 

[#.669,670.]  Many  trials  they  made  againe  about  the  Warwicke, 
but  to  small  purpose,  [194]  her  Ordnance  being  lashed 
so  fast  they  could  not  be  vnlcosed,  till  the  ropes  and  decks 
were  rotten,  yet  some  few  buttes  of  beare  being  flotie  they 
got,  which  though  it  had  lien  six  moneths  vnder  water 
was  very  good:  notwithstanding  the  next  yeere  [1621], 
they  recouered  flue  peeces  of  Ordnance. 

Ageneraii        Vpon  the  first  of  August  [1620],  accordingtotheCompanies 

manSon"*  instructions  from  England,  began  the  generall  assembly  at 

Parliament,  the  towne  of  Saint  George,  which  was  the  first  these  lies 
euer  had :  consisting  as  is  said,  of  the  Gouernour,  Councell, 
Bailiffes,  and  Burgesses,  and  a  Secretarie  to  whom  all  bils 
were  presented,  and  by  him  openly  read  in  the  house,  also 
a  Gierke  to  record  the  Acts,  being  thirty  two  in  all ;  fif- 
teene  of  which  [Acts]  being  sent  into  England,  were  by  a 
generall  consent  receiued  and  enacted,  the  titles  whereof 
are  these  following  :  as  for  all  the  reasons  for  them,  they 
would  be  too  tedious  to  recite. 

Their  Acts  The  first  was  against  the  vniust  sale  and  letting  of 

apprentises     and     other     seruants,    and     this    was 

especially  for  the  righting  the  vndertakers  in  England. 

The    second,   concerning  the  disposing  of   aged, 


fed  bVuiv^.i  ^IB-  5-       Captaine  Nathaniel  Butler.  6^5 

diseased,  and  impotent  persons :  for  it  being  considered  [1620] 
how  carelesse  many  are  in  preferring  their  friends,  or 
sending  sometimes  any  they  can  procure  to  goe,  such 
vnseruiceable  people  should  be  returned  back  at  their 
charge  that  sent  them,  rather  then  be  burdensome  to 
the  poore  Inhabitants  in  the  lies. 

The  third,  the  necessary  manning  the  Kings  Castle, 
being  the  key  of  the  He,  that  a  garison  of  twelue 
able  men  should  bee  there  alwaies  resident :  and 
3000.  eares  of  corne,  and  1000.  pounds  of  Tobacco 
payed  them  by  the  generality  yeerely,  as  a  pension. 

The  fourth,  against  the  making  vnmarchantable 
Tobacco  ;  and  Officers  sworne  to  make  true  trials, 
and  burne  that  was  naught. 

The  fift,  inioyned  the  erection  of  certaine  publike 
bridges,  and  the  maintenance  of  them. 

The  sixt,  for  a  continuall  supply  of  victuall  for  all  the 
Forts,  to  bee  preserued,  till  some  great  occasion  to 
vse  it. 

The  seuenth  was,  for  two  fixed  dayes  euery  yeere  for 
the  Assises. 

The  eight,  commands  the  making  of  high-waies,  and 
prohibiting  the  passage  ouer  mens  grounds  and 
planted  fields;  as  well  to  preuent  the  spoyling  of 
gardens,  as  conueniencie  to  answer  any  alarum. 

The  ninth,  for  the  preseruing  young  tortoises  and 
birds,  that  were  carelesly  destroyed. 

The  tenth  prouided  against  vagabonds,  and  pro- 
hibited the  entertainement  of  other  mens  seruants. 

The  eleuenth  compelled  the  setting  of  a  due  quantity 
of  corne  for  euery  family. 

The  twelfth,  the  care  corne  being  set,  enioyned  the 
keeping  vp  of  their  poultry  till  it  was  past  their 
reaches. 

The  thirteenth,  for  the  preseruation  of  sufficient 
fences,  and  against  the  felling  of  marked  trees  appointed 
for  bounds. 

The  fourteenth,  granted  to  a  leuy  for  a  thousand 
pound  weight  of  Tobacco,  towards  the  payment  of 
publike  workes,  as  the  bridges  and  the  mount. 

The  fifteenth,  for  the  enioyning  an  acknowledgement 


676 


The  Gouernment  of  Lib.  5.  [EdbyjJuiy 


Smith. 
1624. 


[1620] 


The  arriuall 
of  the 
Magtutin 
ship. 


and  acception  of  all    resident  Gouernours,  and  the 
warranting    him   to    continue,   though    his   time   be 
expired,  till   the  arriuall  of   a    legitimate   successor 
from  England,  to  preuent  all  vnmeet  and  presump- 
tuous elections :   besides  it  was  desired  by  petition 
in   England,   the   new   Gouernour   should    Hue    two 
months  as  a  priuate  man   after  his  arriuall,  if  his 
predecessor  did  stay  so  long,  the  better  to  learne  and 
obserue  his  course. 
And   these   are   the    contents   of  those    fifteene   Acts, 
applied  as  you  may  perceiue :  which  the  lawes  of  England 
could   not   take   notice   of,  because   euery  climate   hath 
somewhat   to   it   selfe   in   that   kinde   in  particular;   for 
otherwise  as  it  is  conceiued,  it  had  beene  a  high  impu- 
dency  and  presumption   to  haue   medled  with  them,  or 
indeed  with  any  such  as  these  lawes,  that  had  with  such 
great  iudgement  and  iustice  alwaies  prouided  for. 

No  sooner  was  this  businesse  ouer,  but  the  Magazin 
ship  is  discouered,  and  that  night  came  into  the  Harbour  ; 
but  in  a  very  weake  and  sickly  case,  hauing  cast  ouer 
board  twenty  or  thirty  of  her  people:  and  so  violent  was 
the  infection,  that  the  most  part  of  the  sailers,  as  well  as 
passengers,  were  so  sicke,  or  dismaid,  or  both,  that  the 
Master  confessed,  had  they  stayed  at  the  Sea  but  a  weeke 
longer,  they  had  all  perished. 

There  arriued  with  this  ship  diuers  Gentlemen  of  good 
fashion,  with  their  wiues  and  families ;  but  many  of  them 
crasie  by  the  tediousnesse  of  the  voyage  :  [195]  howsoeuer 
most  of  them,  by  the  excellent  salubrity  of  the  aire,  then 
which  the  world  hath  not  a  better,  soone  after  recouered ; 
yet  some  there  were  that  died  presently  after  they  got 
ashore :  it  being  certainly  the  quality  of  the  place,  either 
to  kill,  or  cure  quickly,  as  the  bodies  are  more  or  lesse 
corrupted. 

By  this  ship  the  Company  sent  a  supply  of  ten  persons 
for  the  generality,  but  of  such  bad  condition  that  it  seemed 
they  had  picked  the  Males  out  of  Newgate,  the  Females 
from  Bridewell :  As  the  Gouernour  found  it  his  best 
course,  to  grant  out  the  women  to  such  as  were  so  greedy 
of  wiues,  and  would  needs  haue  them  for  better  for  worse ; 
and  the  men  hee  placed  in  the  Kings  Castle  for  souldiers. 


Edby/uiyslt]  Lib.  5. 


Captaine  Nathaniel  Butler. 


677 


But  this  bad,  weake,  sickly  supply  being  dispersed  for      [1620] 
their  best  reliefe,  by  the  much  imployment  of  his  boats  in 
remoouing  them,  many  of  his  owne  men  became  infected, 
so  that  for  some  weekes,  they  were  not  able  to  doe  him 
any  seruice  at  all. 

Strict  instructions  also  they  brought  for  the  planting  of 
Sugar  canes,  for  which  the  Iland  being  rockie  and  dry,  is 
so  vnproper,  that  few  as  yet  haue  beene  seene  to  prosper : 
yet  there  are  others  [that]  hold  the  contrary  opinion,  that 
there  is  raine  so  ordinarily,  the  lies  are  so  moist,  as  pro- 
duceth  all  their  plants  in  such  infinit  abundance :  there  is 
no  great  reason  to  suspect  this,  were  it  rightly  vsed,  more 
then  the  rest. 

Seuenty  thousand   [pounds]  weight  of  Tobacco   being  ££°£tof 
prepared  towards  her  fraught,  she  returned  for  England.      Tobacco. 

No  sooner  was  shee  gone  then  came  in  another,  sent  by 
the  Company  and  generalty,  well  conditioned ;  but  shee 
failed  not  much  to  haue  beene  cast  away  amongst  those 
dangerous  and  terrible  rocks.  By  her  came  also  expresse 
command,  they  should  entertaine  no  other  ships,  then 
were  directly  sent  from  the  Company :  this  caused  much 
grudging,  and  indeed  a  generall  distraction  and  exclamation 
among  the  Inhabitants,  to  be  thus  constrained  to  buy  what 
they  wanted,  and  sell  what  they  had  at  what  price  the 
Magazin  pleased ;  and  to  debarre  true  men  from  comming 
to  them  for  trade  or  reliefe,  that  were  daily  receiued  in  all 
the  harbours  in  England.  So  long  this  ship  stayed  going 
for  fraught  and  wages,  the  Master  not  caring  how  long  he 
lay  at  that  rate  in  a  good  harbour,  [that]  the  Gouernour 
was  ready  to  send  her  away  by  Proclamation.  Thus  ended 
the  first  yeere  of  the  gouernment  of  C[aptaine]  Butler. 


ing  of  three 
bridges  and 
other  works. 


With  the  first  [?  days]  of  the  second  yeere  were  held  the  1620. 
Assises,  where  all  the  Bailiffes  were  fined  for  not  giuing  a  Thebuild- 
beginning  to  the  building  of  the  bridges ;  there  was  also  an 
order  to  restraine  the  excessiue  wages  all  handicrafts  men 
would  haue :  and  that  the  Church-wardens  should  meet 
twice  a  yeere,  to  haue  all  their  presentments  made  perfect 
against  the  Assises. 

The  Assises  done,  all  the  ablest  men  were  trained  in 
their  armes,  and  then  departed  to  their  owne  homes. 


578  The  Gouernment  of  Lib.  5.  [■*•  byfc^4; 

[1621]  The  towne  thus  cleered,  he  made  certaine  new  carriages 

for  some  demy  Culuerings,  and  a  large  new  storehouse  of 
Cedar  for  the  yeerely  Magazines  goods  ;  finished  Warwicks 
Fort  begun  by  Master  More,  and  made  a  new  platforme 
at  Pagits  Fort,  also  a  faire  house  of  lime  and  stone  for 
the  Townes-house.  The  three  bridges  appointed  by  the 
generall  assembly,  was  followed  with  such  diligence,  [that] 
though  they  were  more  then  an  hundred,  or  an  hundred 
and  twenty  foot  in  length,  hauing  the  foundation  and 
arches  in  the  Sea,  [they]  were  raised  and  accomplished, 
so  that  man  or  beast  with  facility  might  passe  them. 
The  At  Whitsonday  [zoMay  1621]  was  held  the  fourth  generall 

AsS,  Assise  at  Saint  Georges,  where  were  tryed  twenty  seuerall 
prieed-  causes ;  foure  or  hue  were  whipped  or  burnt  in  the  hand,  for 
>ngs.  breaking  of  houses  :  also  an  order  was  made,  that  the 

party  cast  in  the  triall  of  any  cause,  should  pay  to  euery 
of  the  Iurours  foure  pence  :  moreouer,  that  not  past  ten 
leaues  at  the  most  should  grow  vpon  a  plant  of  Tobacco, 
and  that  also  in  the  making  it  vp,  a  distinction  should 
diligently  be  obserued  of  two  kinds,  a  better  and  a  worse : 
then  they  built  a  strong  stone  house  for  the  Captaine  of 
the  Kings  Castle  and  corps  du  guard ;  and  repaired  what 
defects  they  could  finde  in  the  platformes  and  carriages. 

Captaine  Powell  so  oft  mentioned,  hauing  beene  in  the 
West-Indies  for  the  States  of  Holland,  came  to  an  anchor 
within  shot  of  their  Ordnance,  desiring  admittance  for 
wood  and  water,  of  which  hee  had  great  need,  but  the 
Gouernor  [196]  would  not  permit  him,  so  he  weighed 
and  departed ;  whereat  the  company  were  so  madded,  it 
was  not  possible  to  constraine  them  to  cease  their  exclai- 
mations  against  the  Companies  inhibition,  till  they  were 
weary  with  excla[i]ming.  But  still  for  their  better  defence, 
not  thinking  themselues  sufficiently  secure,  hauing  finished 
two  new  plat-formes  more,  arriued  the  Magazin  ship  [Sept. 
1621] :  but  her  Master  was  dead,  and  many  of  the  Passengers; 
the  rest  for  most  part  very  sicke.  And  withall,  a  strange 
and  wonderfull  report  of  much  complaint  made  against  the 
Gouernor  to  the  Company  in  England,  by  some  of  them 
returned  in  the  last  yeeres  shipping.  But  it  was  eight 
daies  before  she  could  get  in  by  reason  of  ill  weather, 
being  forced  againe  to  Sea  j  so  that  time,  they  kept  euery 


wracke. 


Edbyjiiys?6!S:]  LlB-  5-     Captaine  Nathaniel  Butler.  679 

night  continually  great  fires,  [that]  she  might  see  the  He  as  [16211 
well  by  night  as  day  :  but  at  last  she  arriued,  and  he  plainly 
vnderstood,  he  had  more  cause  a  great  deale  to  looke  for 
misconstruction  of  all  his  seruice  then  an  acknowledg- 
ment, much  lesse  a  recompence  any  better  then  his  pre- 
decessors; but  it  is  no  new  thing  to  requite  the  best  desert 
with  the  most  vildest  of  ingratitude. 

The  very  next  daies  night  after  the  arriuall  of  the  a  strange 
Magazins  ship,  newes  was  brought  the  Gouernor  by  a  ofaSpiS 
dismaied  Messenger  from  Sand[y]s  his  Tribe,  that  one  hun- 
dred Spaniards  were  landed  in  that  part,  and  diuers  ships 
discouered  at  Sea ;  whereupon  he  presently  manned  the 
Forts,  and  instantly  made  thitherward  in  person  with 
twentie  men,  determining  as  he  found  cause  to  draw 
together  more  strength  by  the  way.  Being  got  thither 
by  the  breake  of  the  next  day,  in  stead  of  an  enemy  which 
he  expected,  he  met  onely  with  a  company  of  poore  dis- 
tressed Portugals  and  Spaniards,  who  in  their  passage 
from  Carthagena  in  the  West-Indies,  in  consort  with  the 
Spanish  fleet  of  Plait  [the  annual  Plate  Fleet,  taking  the 
treasure  to  Spain]  ;  by  the  same  storme  that  had  in- 
dangered  the  Magazin  ship,  lost  theirs  vpon  those  terrible 
Rocks,  being  to  the  number  of  seuenty  persons,  [who]  were 
strangely  preserued  ;  and  the  manner  was  thus. 

About  Sunne-set  their  ship  beating  amongst  the  Rock3, 
some  twenty  of  the  Sailers  got  into  the  Boat  with  what 
treasure  they  could ;  leauing  the  Captaine,  the  Master, 
and  all  the  rest  to  the  mercy  of  the  Sea.  But  a  Boy  not 
past  foureteene  yeares  of  age  that  leaped  after,  to  haue 
got  into  the  Boat ;  missing  that  hope,  it  pleased  God  he 
got  vpon  a  Chest  a  drift  by  him :  whereon  they  report 
he  continued  two  daies,  and  was  driuen  neere  to  the 
cleane  contrary  part  of  the  He,  where  he  was  taken  vp 
neere  dead,  yet  well  recouered.  All  this  night  the  ship 
sticking  fast,  the  poore  distressed  in  her  the  next  day  spying 
land,  made  a  raft;  and  were  those  [that]  gaue  the  alarum 
first  a  shore  about  three  of  the  clocke  in  the  after  noone. 

The  morning  after,  about  seuen  of  the  clocke  came  in  the 
Boat  to  a  place  called  Mangroue  Bay ;  and  the  same  day 
their  Carpenter  was  driuen  a  shore  vpon  a  Planke  neere 
Bog-Bay.    There  was  a  Gentlewoman  that  had  stood  wet 


68o     The  Gouernment of  Capt.  Nathaniel  Butler.  [Edbyj{ 


Smith. 
uly  1624. 


[1621]  vp  to  the  middle  vpon  the  raft  from  the  ship  to  the  shore, 
being  big  with  childe ;  and  although  this  was  vpon  the 
thirteenth  of  September,  [1621]  she  tooke  no  hurt,  and  was 
safely  deliuered  of  a  Boy  within  three  daies  after. 

The  best  comfort  [that]  could  be  giuen  them  in  those 
extremities  they  had,  although  some  of  the  baser  sort  had 
beene  rifling  some  of  them  before  the  Gouernors  arriuall. 
Also  the  Spanish  Captaine  and  the  chiefe  with  him,  much 
complained  of  the  treachery  of  his  men  to  leaue  him  in  that 
manner,  yet  had  conueyed  with  them  the  most  of  the 
money  they  could  come  by,  which  he  easily  missed  ;  where- 
upon hee  [Butler]  suddenly  caused  all  them  he  accused,  to 
be  searched,  and  recouered  to  the  value  of  one  hundred  and 
fortie  pounds  starling :  which  he  deliuered  into  the  Cap- 
taines  hands,  to  be  imploied  in  a  generall  purse  towards 
their  generall  charge.  During  their  stay  in  the  lies,  some 
of  the  better  sort,  nine  or  ten  weeks  [13  Sept. — ?  12  Nov.], 
dieted  at  his  owne  table  ;  the  rest  were  billited  amongst 
the  Inhabitants  at  foure  shillings  the  weeke,  till  they  found 
shipping  for  their  passage,  for  which  they  paied  no  more 
then  the  English  paied  themselues  ;  and  for  the  passage 
of  diuers  of  them,  the  Gouernor  was  glad  to  stand  bound 
to  the  Master.  Some  others  that  were  not  able  to  procure 
such  friendship,  were  so  constrained  to  stay  in  the  lies, 
till  by  their  labours  they  had  got  [197]  so  much  as  would 
transport  them  :  and  thus  they  were  preserued,  releeued, 
and  deliuered. 

In  the  moneth  insuing  [October  1621]  arriued  the  second 
ship  ;  and  she  also  had  lost  her  Master,  and  diuers  of  her 
Passengers :  in  her  came  two  Virginian  Women  [these 
were  of  the  Indian  maids  that  had  gone  to  England  in  1616,  in 
attendance  on  Pocahontas]  to  be  married  to  some  would 
haue  them,  that  after  they  were  conuerted  and  had 
children,  they  might  be  sent  to  their  Countrey  and  kindred 
to  ciuilize  them. 

Towards  the  end  of  this  moneth  [Oct.]  came  in  the  third 
ship  with  a  small  Magazin ;  [she]  hauing  sold  what  she 
could,  caried  the  rest  to  Virginia :  and  neuer  did  any  of 
those  Passengers  complaine  either  of  their  good  diet,  or  too 
good  vsage  at  sea;  but  the  cleane  contrary  still  occasioned 
many  of  those  extremities. 


Ed.  by  J.  Smith."]    T   TT3 
July  1624 J    ^IB' 


5.      Their  accidents  and  proceedings.         68 1 


The  fift  of  Nouember  [1621]  the  damnable  plot  of  the 
powder  treason  was  solemnized,  with  Praiers,  Sermons, 
and  a  great  Feast :  whereto  the  Gouernor  inuited  the 
chiefe  of  the  Spaniards,  where  drinking  the  Kings  health, 
it  was  honored  with  a  quicke  volly  of  small  shot,  which 
was  answered  from  the  Forts  with  the  great  Ordnance, 
and  then  againe  concluded  with  a  second  volley  of  small 
shot ;  neither  was  the  afternoone  without  musicke  and 
dancing,  and  at  night  many  huge  bone-fires  of  sweet-wood. 

The  Spaniards  to  expresse  their  thankfulnesse,  at  their 
departure,  made  a  deed  of  gift  to  the  Gouernor  of  whatso- 
euer  he  could  recouer  of  the  wracked  ship ;  but  the  ships 
as  they  went  out  came  so  dangerously  vpon  a  Rock,  that 
the  poore  Spaniards  were  so  dismaied,  swearing  this  place 
was  ominous  vnto  them,  especially  the  women,  that 
desired  rather  to  goe  a  shore  and  die  howsoeuer,  than 
aduenture  any  further  in  such  a  labyrinth  of  dangers :  but 
at  last  she  got  cleere  without  danger,  and  well  to  England. 

The  other  went  to  Virginia,  wherein  the  Gouernor 
sent  two  great  Chests  filled  with  all  such  kinds  and 
sorts  of  Fruits  and  Plants  as  their  Hands  had ;  as  Figs, 
Pomgranats,  Oranges,  Lemons,  Sugar-canes,  Plantanes, 
Potatoes,  Papawes,  Cassado  roots,  red  Pepper,  the  Prickell 
Peare,  and  the  like. 

The  ships  thus  dispatched,  hee  goeth  into  the  maine, 
and  so  out  to  sea  to  the  Spanish  wracke.  He  had  beene 
there  before,  presently  after  her  ruine ;  for  neuer  had  ship  a 
more  sudden  death,  being  now  split  in  peeces  all  vnder 
water.  He  found  small  hope  to  recouer  any  thing,  saue  a 
Cable  and  an  Anchor,  and  two  good  Sacars ;  but  the  wind 
was  so  high  hee  was  forced  to  returne,  being  ten  miles 
from  the  shore,  onely  with  three  Murderers  [small  cannon], 
which  were  knowne  to  be  the  same  Captaine  Kendall  had 
sold  to  Captaine  Kerby  :  whose  ship  was  taken  by  two  men 
of  warre  of  Carthagena,  the  most  of  his  men  slaine  or 
hanged,  and  he  being  wounded,  died  in  the  woods.  Now 
their  Pilot  being  at  this  seruice,  got  thus  those  three 
Murderers  to  their  ship;  and  their  ship  thus  to  the 
Bermudas,  as  the  Spaniards  remaining  related  to  the 
Gouernor  and  others. 

Hauing  raised  three  small  Bulwarkes  at  Southhamptons 


[1621] 

How  they 
solemnized 
the  powder 
treason,  and 
the  arriuall 
of  two 
ships. 


The 

Spaniards 
returne,  and 
in  danger 
againe. 

1621. 


Three 

English 
Murderers 
found  in 
the  Spanish 
wracke. 


682     The  Gotternment  of Capt.  Nathaniel  Butler.  [Edbyjiiys^ 

[1621-2]    Fort,  with  two  Curtaines,  and  two  Rauilings,  which  indeed 

is  onely  the  true  absolute  peece  of  fortification  in  the  lies. 

Their  Christmas  [1621]  being  come,  and  the  prefixed  day  of  the 

•S'Sher     Assise  ;  diuers  were  whipped  and  burnt  in  the  hand,  onely 

passages,      three  young  boyesfor  stealing  were  condemned,  and  at  tfte 

very  point  of  hanging  repri[e]  ued.   The  Gouernour  then  sent 

his  Lieutenant  all  ouer  the  maine  to  distribute  Armes  to 

those  were  found  most  fit  to  vse  them,  and  to  giue  order  [s]  for 

their  randezuous,  which  were  hanged  vp  in  the  Church. 

About  this  time  it  chanced  a  pretty  secret  to  be  discouered 
to  preserue  their  corne  from  the  fly,  or  weauell,  which  did 
in  a  manner  as  much  hurt  as  the  rats.  For  the  yeere  before 
[1620]  hauing  made  a  Proclamation  that  all  Corne  should 
be  gathered  by  a  certaine  day;  because  many  lazy  persons 
(A  W  ranne  so  after  the  ships  to  get  Beere  and  Aquavita,  for 
which  they  will  giue  any  thing  they  haue,  much  had  beene 
lost  for  want  of  gathering.  This  yeare  [1621]  hauing  a  very 
faire  crop,  some  of  the  Inhabitants,  none  of  the  best  hus- 
bands, hastily  gathered  it  for  feare  of  the  penaltie,  threw 
it  in  great  heaps  into  their  houses  vnhusked,  and  so  let  it 
lie  foure  or  fiue  moneths,  which  was  thought  would  haue 
spoiled  it :  where  the  good  husbands  husked  it,  and  with 
much  labour  hung  it  vp,  where  the  Flies  did  so  blow  on 
it,  they  increased  to  so  many  Weauels,  they  generally  [198] 
complained  of  great  losse ;  but  those  good  fellowes  that 
neuer  cared  but  from  hand  to  mouth,  made  their  boasts, 
that  not  a  graine  of  theirs  had  beene  touched  nor  hurt ; 
there  being  no  better  way  to  preserue  it  then  by  letting  it 
lie  in  its  huske,  and  spare  an  infinite  labour  formerly  [that] 
had  beene  vsed. 

There  were  also  very  luckily  about  this  time  found  out 
diuers  places  of  fresh  water,  of  which  many  of  the  Forts 
were  very  destitute;  and  the  Church-wardens  and  Side-men 
were  very  busie  in  correcting  the  prophaners  of  the 
Sabbath,  Drunkards,  Gamesters,  and  such  like. 

There  came  also  from  Virginia  a  small  Barke  with  many 
thanks  for  the  presents  sent  them  :  much  Aquauitae,  Oile, 
Sacke,  and  Bricks  they  brought  in  exchange  of  more  Fruits 
and  Plants,  Ducks,  Turkies  and  Limestone ;  of  which  she 
had  plenty,  and  so  returned. 

During  the  aboad  of  the  stay  of  this  ship,  the  manage  of 


Ed"  byjuiysT624*]  Lib.  5.      Their  accidents  and  proceedings.         683 

one  of  the  Virginia  m&idesw&s  consummated  with  a  husband      [1622] 
fit  for  her,  attended  with  more  then  one  hundred  guests, 
and  all  the  dainties  for  their  dinner  [that]  could  be  prouided. 

They  made  also  another  triall  to  fish  for  Whales,  but  it 
tooke  no  more  effect  then  the  former :  this  was  done  by 
the  Master  of  the  Virginia  ship  that  professed  much  skill 
that  way,  but  hauing  fraughted  his  ship  with  Limestone, 
with  20000.  [pounds]  weight  of  Potatoes,  and  such  things 
as  he  desired,  [he]  returned  for  Virginia. 

Aprill  and  May  [1622]  were  spent  in  building  a  strong  new 
Prison,  and  perfecting  some  of  the  Fortifications,  and  by 
the  labour  of  twenty  men  in  fourteene  daies  was  got  from 
the  Spanish  wracke  foure  excellent  good  Sacres,  and 
mounted  them  at  the  Forts. 

Then  began  the  generall  Assize  [June  1622],  where  not  f0sd^ge 
fewerthen fifty ciuill, or rathervnciuill  actionswere  handled, 
and  twenty  criminal!  prisoners  brought  to  the  bar ;  such  a 
multitude  of  such  vild  people  were  sent  to  this  Plantation, 
that  he  [Butler]  thought  himselfe  happy  his  time  was  so 
neere  expired :  three  of  the  foulest  acts  were  these :  the  first 
for  the  rape  of  a  married  woman,  which  was  acquitted  by  a 
senselesse  Iury ;  the  second  for  buggering  a  Sow,  and  the 
third  for  Sodomy  with  a  boy,  for  which  they  were  hanged. 

During  the  time  of  the  imprisonment  of  this  Buggerer  of 
the  Sow,  a  Dung-hill  Cocke  belonging  to  the  same  man 
did  continually  haunt  a  Pigge  of  his  also,  and  to  the 
wonder  of  all  them  that  saw  it,  who  were  many,  did  so 
frequently  tread  the  Pigge  as  if  it  had  beene  one  of  his 
Hens,  that  the  Pigge  languished  and  died  within  a  while 
after;  and  then  the  Cocke  resorted  to  the  very  same  Sow 
(that  this  fellow  was  accused  for)  in  the  very  same 
manner:  and  as  an  addition  to  all  this,  about  the  same 
time  two  Chickens  were  hatched,  the  one  whereof  had  two 
heads;  the  other  crowed  very  loud  and  lustily  within 
twelue  houres  after  it  was  out  of  the  shell. 

A  desperate  fellow  being  to  bee  arraigned  for  stealing  a 
Turky,  rather  then  he  would  endure  his  triall,  secretly 
conueighed  himselfe  to  Sea  in  a  little  Boat,  and  neuer  since 
was  euer  heard  of;  nor  is  he  euer  like  to  be,  without  an 
exceeding  wonder,  little  lesse  then  a  miracle. 

In  Iune  [1622]  they  made  another  triall  about  the  Spanish 


684     The  Goiiernment  of  C apt.  Nathaniel  Butler.  [Ed- by/ul^ ™% 

[1622]      wracke,  and  recouered  another  Sacre  and  a  Murderer:  also 
Auoretualls  he  caused  to  be  hewed  out  of  the  maine  Rocke  a  paire  of 

about  the        .  .  ~  .  .....  _  ,         * 

wracks.  large  staires  ior  the  conuenient  landing  of  goods  and  pas- 
sengers, a  worke  much  to  the  beauty  and  benefit  of  the 
towne.  With  twenty  chosen  men,  and  two  excellent 
Divers,  the  Gouernour  went  himselfe  to  the  wracke 
Warwick,  but  they  could  recouer  but  one  Murderer  [a 
small  cannon] :  from  thence  he  went  to  the  Sea-aduenUire, 
the  wracke  of  Sir  George  Summers,  the  hull  though  two 
or  three  fathomes  in  the  water,  they  found  vnperished  and 
with  much  a  doe  weighed  a  Sacre,  her  sheat  Anchor, 
diuers  barres  of  Iron  and  pigs  of  Lead,  which  stood  the 
Plantation  in  very  great  stead. 

Towards  the  end  of  Iuly  [1622]  he  went  to  seeke  for  a 
wracke  they  reported  lay  vnder  water  with  her  hatches 
spiked  vp,  but  they  could  not  finde  her,  but  from  the  Spanish 
wracke  [which]  lay  there  by,  they  weighed  three  faire  Sacres 
more,  and  so  returned  through  the  Tribes  to  Saint  Georges : 
some  were  also  imployed  to  seeke  out  beds  of  Oisters  for 
Pearle,  some  they  found,  some  seed  Pearle  they  got,  but 
out  of  one  little  shell  aboue  all  the  rest  they  got  about  120. 
small  Pearle,  but  somewhat  defectiue  in  their  colour.  [199] 

punters  ^e  t*me  °^  Captain  Butlers  gouernment  drawing  neere 

compbints.  an  end,  the  Colony  presented  vnto  him  diuers  grieuances, 
to  intreat  him  to  remember  to  the  Lords  and  Company  in 
England  at  his  returne  :  also  they  appointed  two  to  be 
ioyned  with  him,  with  letters  of  credence  to  solicit  in  their 
behalfe  those  grieuances  following: 

First,  they  were  defrauded  of  the  food  of  their 
soules :  for  being  not  fewer  then  one  thousand  and 
flue  hundred  people,  dispersed  in  length  twenty  miles, 
they  had  at  that  present  but  one  Minister,  nor  neuer 
had  but  two  ;  and  they  [had  been]  so  shortned  of  their 
promises,  that  but  onely  for  meere  pity  they  would 
haue  forsaken  them. 

Secondly,  neglected  in  the  safety  of  their  Hues  by 
wants  of  all  sorts  of  munition. 

Thirdly,  they  had  beene  censured  contrary  to  his 
Maiesties  Lawes,  and  not  allowed  them  the  benefit  of 
their  booke  as  they  are  in  England,  but  by  Captaine  Butler. 


E<1  ^jiiyiS.']  Lib.  5.      Their  accidents  and  proceedings.         685 

Fourthly,  they  were  frustrated  of  many  of  their  [1622] 
couenants,  and  most  extremely  pinched  and  vndone 
by  the  extortion  of  the  Magazine  ;  for  although  their 
Tobacco  was  stinted  but  at  two  shillings  sixpence 
the  pound,  yet  they  pitched  their  commodities  at  what 
rate  they  pleased. 

Fifthly,  their  fatherlesse  children  are  left  in  little 
better  condition  then  slaues  ;  for  if  their  Parents  die  in 
debt,  their  children  are  made  as  bondmen  till  the  debt 
be  discharged. 

These  things  being  perfected,  there  grew  a  great  question 
of  one  Heriot  for  plotting  of  factions  and  abusing  the 
Gouernour,  for  which  he  was  condemned  to  lose  his  eares, 
yet  he  was  vsed  so  fauourably  he  lost  but  the  part  of  one 
in  all. 

By  this  time  it  being  growne  past  the  wonted  season  ^^"JJJ 
of  the  comming  in  of  ships  from  England,  after  a  generall  Butur. 
longing  and  expectation,  especially  of  the  Gouernour, 
whose  Commission  being  neere  vpon  expiration,  gaue  him 
cause  to  wish  for  a  meane  of  deliuerance  from  so  trouble- 
some and  thanklesse  an  imploiment  as  he  had  hitherto 
found  it ;  a  saile  is  discouered,  and  long  it  was  not  before 
shee  arriued  in  the  Kings  Castle-Harbour. 

This  Barke  was  set  out  by  two  or  three  priuate  men  of 
the  Company,  and  hauing  landed  her  supplies,  was  to  goe 
for  Virginia',  by  her  the  Gouernour  receiued  certaine 
aduertisements  of  the  carriage  and  behauiour  of  the 
Spaniards,  which  he  had  relieued  as  you  haue  heard  [p.  680] 
the  yeere  before :  that  quite  contrary  both  to  his  merit, 
their  vow,  and  his  owne  expectation,  they  made  clamours 
against  him;  the  which  being  seconded  by  the  Spanish  Am- 
bassadour,  caused  the  State  to  fall  in  examination  about  it. 

Whereupon  hauing  fully  cleared  their  ingratefulnesse 
and  impudency,  and  being  assured  of  the  choice  of  a  suc- 
cessor that  was  to  be  expected  within  hue  or  six  weekes ; 
hee  was  desirous  to  take  the  opportunity  of  this  Barke, 
and  to  visit  the  Colony  in  Virginia  in  his  returne  for 
England  [p.  603] :  leauing  the  gouernment  to  Captaine 
Felgat,  Captaine  Stokes,  Master  Lewis  Hewes,  Master 
Nedom  and  Master  Ginner. 


686    The  Gouernment  of  Capt.  Nathaniel  Butler.  [Ed'fcy/U,s^: 

[1622]  But  now  his  time  being  fully  expired,  and  the  fortifi- 

cations finished,  viz. 

The  Kings  Castle  wherein  were  mounted  vpon  suf- 
ficient Platformes  fixteene  peece  of  Ordnances: 
In  Charles  Fort  two ; 

In  Southampton  Fort  fiue,  betwixt  which  and  the 
Castle  passeth  the  Chanell  into  the  Harbour,  secured 
by  three  and  twenty  peeces  of  good  artillery  to  play 
vpon  it. 

In  Cowpers  He  is  Pembrocks  Fort,  where  is  two 
Peeces. 

The  Chanell  of  Saint  George  is  guarded  by  Smiths 

Fort,    and  Pagits  Fort,  in  which  is  eleuen  peece  of 

Ordnance.     Saint    George    towne   is  halfe   a   league 

within  the  Harbour,  commanded  by  Warwicks  Fort, 

where  are  three  great  Peeces :  and  on  the  Wharfe 

before  the  Gouernours  house  eight  more,  besides  the 

warning  Peece  by  the   mount,  and  three   in  Saint 

Katharines ; 

So  that  in  all  there  are  ten  Fortresses  and  two  and 

fifty  peeces  of  Ordnance  sufficient  and  seruiceable :  their 

formes  and  situations  you  may  see  more  plainlier  described 

in  the  Map ;  and  to   defend  those,  he  left  one  thousand 

fiue  hundred    persons  with   neere   a  hundred  boats,  and 

the  He  well  replenished  with   store  of   such  fruits,  pro- 

uisions   and    Poultry,  as   is  formerly  related :  yet  for  so 

departing    and    other   occasions,   much    difference     hath 

beene  betwixt  him  and  some  of  the  Company,  as  any  of 

his  Predecessors ;  which  I  rather  wish  were  reconciled, 

then  to  be  a  reporter  of  such   vnprofitable  dissentions. 

[200] 

For 
Till  trechery  and  faction ,  and  auarice  be  gone, 
Till  enuy  and  ambition,  and  backbiting  be  none, 
Till  periury  and  idlenesse,  and  iniury  be  out, 
And  truly  till  that  villany  the  worst  of  all  that  rout; 
Vnlesse  those  vises  banisht  be,  what  euer  Forts  you  haue, 
A  hundred  walls  together  put  will  not  haue  power  to  saue. 


Eabyjiy  ?£!;;]     The  gouernment  of  Master  lohn  Barnard. 


6&7 


Master  lohn  Barnard  sent  to  be  Gouernour. 


1622. 


O  supply  this  place  was  sent  by  the  noble  [1622-3] 
aduenturers  lohn  Bernard,  a  Gentleman  The  Lord 
both  of  good  meanes  and  quality,  who  Treasurer, 
arriued  within  eight  daies  after  Butlers  3Jg£J» 
departure   [1622]  with  two  ships,  and  £*r™r 
about  one  hundred  and  forty  passengers     eputy' 
with  armes  and  all  sorts  of  munition 
and  other  prouisions  sufficient. 
During  the  time  of  his  life  which  was  but  six  weekes 
in  reforming   all   things   he  found  defectiue,  he  shewed 
himselfe  so  iudiciall  and  industrious  as  gaue  great  satis- 
faction ;    and    did   generally  promise  vice   was   in   great 
danger  to  be  suppressed,  and  vertue  and  the  Plantation 
much  aduanced :  but  so  it  hapned  that  both  he  and  his 
wife  died  in  such  short  time  they  were  both  buried  in  one 
day  and  one  graue  ;   and  Master  lohn  Harrison  chosen 
Gouernour  till  further  order  came  from  England. 

What  hapned  in  the  gouernment  of  Master 

lohn  Harrison. 

j<g|^ggpHey  are  still  much  troubled  with  a  great  1623. 
5^=§Y&    short  worme  that  deuours  their  Plants  f^f^ard 
in  the  night,  but  all  the  day  they  lie  hid  Treasurer 
in  the  ground  ;  and  though  early  in  the  ciSSi 
morning  they  kill  so  many,  they  would  £jjj^# 
thinke  there  were   no  more,  yet  the 
next  morning  you  shall  finde  as  many. 
The   Caterpillers  to  their  fruits    are 
also  as  pernicious,  and  the  land    Crabs   in  some  places 
are  as  thicke  in  their  Borowes  as  Conies  in  a  Warren,  and 
doe  much  hurt. 

Besides  all  this,  there  hapned  this  yeere  [1623]  a  verv 
heauy  disaster,  for  a  ship  wherein  there  had  beene  much 
swearing  and  blaspheming  vsed  all  the  voyage,  and  landed 
what  she  had  to  leaue  in  those  lies,  iouially  froliking  in 
their  Cups  and  Tobacco,  by  accident  fired  the  Powder,  that 
at  the  very  instant  blew  vp  the  great  Cabin,  and  some  one 
way  and  some  another :  it  is  a  wonder  to  thinke  how  they 
could  bee  so  blowne  out  of  the  gun-roome  into  the  Sea, 


688  \_Whathapned in  the gouernment of ' M.  Harrison.  "^jiJSS 

[1623-4]  where  some  were  taken  vp  liuing,  so  pitifully  burned  [that] 
their  liues  were  worse  then  so  many  deaths,  some  died,  some 
liued  :  but  eighteene  were  lost  at  this  fatall  blast,  the  ship 
also  immediatly  sunke  with  threescore  barrels  of  meale  sent 
for  Virginia,  and  all  the  other  prouision  in  her  was  thus  lost, 
Note.  Now  to  consider  how  the  Spaniards,  French,  and  Dutch 

haue  beene  lost  and  preserued  in  those  inuincible  lies,  yet 
neuer  regarded  them  but  as  monuments  of  miseries,  though 
at  this  present  they  all  desire  them ;   How  Sir  Thomas 
Gates,  and  Sir  George  Summers  being  ready  to  sinke  in  the 
sea  were  saued,  what  an  incredible  abundance  of  victuall 
they  found,  how  it  was  first  planted  by  the  English,  the 
strange  increase   of   Rats,   and   their  sudden   departure, 
the  hue  men  came  from  England  in  a  boat,  the  escape  of 
Hilliard,  and  the  rest  of  those  accidents  there  hapned  : 
a  man  would  thinke  it  a  tabernacle  of  miracles,  and  the 
worlds  wonder,  that  from  such  a  Paradise  of  admiration 
who  would  thinke  should  spring  such  wonders  of  afflictions 
as  are  onely  fit  to  be  sacrificed  vpon  the  highest  altars 
of  sorrow,  thus  to  be  set  vpon  the  highest  Pinacles  of  con- 
tent, and  presently  throwne  downe  to  the  lowest  degree  of 
extremity,  as  you  see  haue  beene  the  yeerely  succeedings 
of  those  Plantations ;  the  which  to  ouercome,  as  it  is  an 
incomparable  honour,  so  it  can  be  no  dishonour  if  a  man  doe 
miscarry  by  vnfortunate  accidents  in  such  honourable  ac- 
tions, the  which  renowne  and  vertue  to  attaine  hath  [201] 
caused  so  many  attempts  by  diuers  Nations  besides  ours, 
euen  to  passe  through  the  very  amazement  of  aduentures. 
Vponthe  relation  of  thisnewesthe  Company  hath  sent  one 
Captaine  Woodhouse,  a  Gentleman  of  good  repute  and  great 
experience  in  the  warres,and  no  lesse  prouident  then  indus- 
trious and  valiant :  then  returned  report,  all  goeth  well  there. 
It  is  too  true,  in  the  absence  of  the  noble  Treasurer,  Sir 
Edward  Sackvill,  now  Earle  of  Dorset ;  there  haue  beene 
1624         suc^  complamts  betwixt  the  Planters  and  the  Company, 
sir  Thomas  that,  by  command,  the  Lords  appointed  Sir  Thomas  Smith 
fSamra     againe  Treasurer,  that  since  then  according  to  their  order 
and  Master   of  Court  he  is  also  elected:  where  now  we  must  leaue 
Depulyf*     them  all  to  their  good  fortune  and  successe,  till  we  heare 
further  of  their  fortunate  proceedings. 
FINIS. 


To     his     friend     Captaine     Smithy 
vpon  bis  description  of  New  -England. 

Ir  ;  your  Relations  I  haue  read  :  which  shew, 
The/s  reason  I  should  honour  them  and  you  : 
And  if  their  meaning  I  haue  vnderstood, 
I  dare  to  censure  thus:  Your  Proiect's  good  ; 
And  may  {if  follow' d)  doubtlesse  quit  the  paine, 
With  honour,  pleasure  and  a  trebble  gaine  : 
Beside  the  benefit  that  shall  arise 
To  make  more  happy  our  Posterities. 

For  would  we  daigne  to  spare,  though  'twere  no  more 
Then  what  ore-fils,  and  surfets  vs  in  store, 
To  order  Nature's  fruitfulnesse  a  while 
In  that  rude  Garden,  you  New-England  stile ; 
With  present  good,  ther's  hope  in  after-daies 
Thence  to  repaire  what  Time  and  Pride  decaies 
In  this  rich  Kingdome.     And  the  spacious  West 
Being  still  more  with  English  bloud  possest, 
The  proud  Iberians  shall  not  rule  those  Seas, 
To  checke  our  ships  from  sailing  where  they  please ; 
Nor  future  times  make  any  forraine  power 
Become  so  great  to  force  a  bound  to  Our. 
44 


0>.i83 


[1616] 


690  [Reprint  of  Complimentary  Verses.  il  gSSSu 

16x6. 

[1^16]  Much  good  my  minde  foretels  would  follow  hence 

With  little  labour,  and  with  lesse  expence. 
Thriue  therefore  thy  Designe,  who  ere  enuy  : 
England  may  ioy  in  England's  Colony, 
Virginia  seeke  her  Virgin  sisters  good, 
Be  blessed  in  such  happy  neighbourhood  : 
Or,  whatsoere  Fate  pleaseth  to  permit, 
Be  thou  still  honoured  for  first  mouing  it, 

George  Wither,  e  societate  LincoL 


^ 


i/.tsa.]  To    that   worthy    and    generous 

Gentleman,  my  very  good  friend, 
Captaine  Smith. 

Ay  "Fate  thy  Protect,  prosper  that  thy  name 
May  be  eternized  with  liuing  fame  : 
Though  foule  Detraction  Honour  would  peruert, 
And  Enuie  euer  waits  vpon  desert :  [202] 
In  spight  of  Pelias,  when  his  hate  lies  cold, 
Returne  as  Iason  with  a  fleece  of  gold. 
Then  after-ages  shall  record  thy  praise, 
That  a  New-England  to  this  He  didst  raise: 
And  when  thou  di'st  (as  all  that  Hue  must  die) 
Thy  fame  Hue  here ;  thou,  with  Eternity. 

R.  Gunncll. 


E.Robin*oa.  Reprint  of  Complimentary  Verses.]  691 

To  his  wort  hie  Captaine,  fr^i 

the  Author. 

Ft  thou  hast  led,  when  I  brought  vp  the  Rere  [1616] 

In  bloudy  wars,  where  thousands  haue  beene  slaine. 

Then  giue  me  leaue  in  this  some  part  to  beare  ; 
And  as  thy  seruant,  here  to  reade  my  name. 
Tis  true,  long  time  thou  hast  my  Captaine  beene 
In  the  fierce  warres  o/Transiluania: 

Long  ere  that  thou  America  hadst  seene, 
Or  led  wast  captiu'd  in  Virginia ; 

Thou  that  to  passe  the  worlds  foure  parts  dost  deeme 
No  more,  then  fwere  to  goe  to  bed,  or  drinke, 

And  all  thou  yet  hast  done,  thou  dost  esteeme 
As  nothing.     This  doth  cause  me  thinke 

That  thou  Fane  seene  so  oft  approu'd  in  dangers, 
{And  thrice  captiu'd,  thy  valour  still  hath  freed) 
Art  yet  preserued,  to  conuert  those  strangers  : 
By  God  thy  guide  I  trust  it  is  decreed. 

For  me  :  I  not  commend  but  much  admire 
Thy  England  yet  vnknowne  to  passers  by-hcr 
For  it  will  praise  it  selfe  in  spight  of  me ; 
Thou  it,  it  thou,  to  all  posterity. 

Your  true  friend  and  souldier,  Ed.  Robinson. 

4> 


692 


[Reprint  of  Complimentary  Verses. 


T.  Carlton. 
1616 


[A  »3»1 


ri6i6] 


To  my  honest  Captaine^ 
the  Author. 

Alignant  Times  I  What  can  be  said  or  done, 
But  shall  be  censurd  and  traducH  by  some  ! 

This  worthy  W or ke,  which  thou  hast  bought  so  deare, 
Ne  thou,  nor  it,  Detractors  need  to  feare. 
Thy  words  by  deeds  so  long  thou  hast  approu'd, 
Of  thousands  know  thee  not  thou  art  belou'd. 

And  this  great  Plot  will  make  thee  ten  times  more 

Knowne  and  belou'd,  than  ere  thou  wert  before. 
I  neuer  knew  a  Warrier  yet,  but  thee, 
From  wine,  Tobacco,  debts,  dice,  oaths,  so  free. 

I  call  thee  Warrier :  and  I  make  the  bolder  ; 

For,  many  a  Captaine  now,  was  neuer  Souldier. 
Some  such  may  swell  at  this  :  but  (to  their  praise) 
When  they  haue  done  like  thee,  my  Muse  shall  raise 

Their  due  deserts  to  Worthies  yet  to  come, 

To  Hue  like  thine  (admir'd)  till  day  of  Doome. 

Your  true  friend,  sometimes  your  souldier, 
Thos.  Carlton.  [203] 


The  Generall  Historie  of  Virginia,  New  England,  5r*  the  Summer  Isles. 

The    Sixth    Book. 

1624. 


The   General  History  of  New  England. 

1606-1624  ; 

with  a  Note  on   Newfoundland. 

1622. 


This   Sixth   Book   consists:   of  a  reprint,   with   variations,  of  our 
Author's  own  : 

A  Description  of  New  England,  1616,  pp.  175-232. 
New  Englands  Trials,  1620,  pp.  233-248. 

together  with  extracts  from  : 

Dr.  J.  DEE.     British  Monarchy,  1577,  pp.  245,  773. 

[G.  Mourt].     Relation  or  Journal,  6r*c,  1622,  zXpp.  749- 760. 
An  Abstract  of  Letters  from  New  Plymouth,  16  July  1622,  pp.  760-762. 

E.  W[inslow].     Good  News  from  New  England,  1624,  pp.  762-9. 

R.  Whitbourne.     A  loving  Invitation  .  .  .  Newfoundland,  1622, 
pp.  777-7Zi> 


The  Sixth  Booke. 


THE 

GENERALL 

HISTORIE  OF 

New-England. 


Oncerning  this  History  you  are  to  vnder- 

stand  the  Letters- Patents  granted  by  his 

Maiesty  in  1606.  for  the  limitation  of 

Virginia,   did   extend   from   34.   to  44. 

which   was    diuided    into    two   parts ; 

namely,  the  first  Colony  and  the  second : 

the  first  was  to  the  honourable  City  of 

London,  and  such  as  would  aduenture 

with  them  to  discouer  and  take  their  choice  where  they 

would,  betwixt  the  degrees  of  34.  and  41.   The  second  was 

appropriated  to  the  Cities  of  Bristol,  Exeter  and  Plimoth,  &c. 

and  the  West  parts  of  England,  and  all  those  that  would 

aduenture  and  ioine  with  them,  and  they  might  make  their 

choise  any  where  betwixt  the  degrees  of  38.  and  44. ;  prouided 

Here  should   bee  at   least   100.  miles   distance   betwixt 

^se  2  Colonies :  each  of  which  had  lawes,  priuileges  and 

^ritie,  for  the  gouernment  and  aduancing  their  seuerall 

:ons  alike. 


[1606] 


696         \_The  Northern  Virginia  company^    Lib.  6.  [EHarl&*; 

1.1607-8]  Now  this  part  of  America  hath  formerly  beene  called 
Norumbega,  Virginia,  Nuskoncus,  Penaquida,  Cannada,  and 
such  other  names  as  those  that  ranged  the  Coast  pleased. 
But  because  it  was  so  mountainous,  rocky  and  full  of 
lies,  few  haue  aduentured  much  to  trouble  it,  but  as  is 
formerly  related  ;  notwithstanding,  that  honourable  Patron 
%^T*  of  vertue,  Sir  John  Popham,  Lord  chiefe  Iustice  of  Eng- 
Treasurer.  land,  in  the  yeere  1606.  procured  meanes  and  men  to 
possesse  it,  and  sent  Captaine  George  Popham  for  Presi- 
dent, Captaine  Rawley  Gilbert  for  Admirall,  Captaine 
Edward  Harlow  master  of  the  Ordnance,  Captaine  Robert 
Dauis  Sargeant-Maior,  Captaine  Elis  Best  Marshall,  Master 
Seaman  Secretary,  Captaine  lames  Dauis  to  be  Captaine  of 
the  Fort,  Master  Gome  Carew  chiefe  Searcher :  all  those 
were  of  the  Councell,  who  with  some  hundred  more  were 
to  stay  in  the  Country  :  they  set  saile  from  Plimoth  the 
last  of  May  [1607],  and  fell  with  Monahigan  the  eleuenth 
of  August. 

At  Sagadahock  9.  or  10.  leagues  southward,  they  planted 
themselues  at  the  mouth  of  a  faire  nauigable  Riuer,  but  the 
coast  all  thereabouts  [being]  most  extreme  stony  and  rocky  : 
that  extreme  frozen  Winter  [1607-8]  was  so  cold  they 
could  not  range  nor  search  the  Country,  and  their  proui- 
sion  so  small,  they  were  glad  to  send  all  but  45.  of  their 
company  backe  againe.  Their  noble  President  Captaine 
Popham  died,  and  not  long  after  arriued  two  ships  well 
prouided  of  all  necessaries  to  supply  them ;  and  some 
small  time  after  another,  by  whom  vnderstanding  of  the 
[204]  death  of  the  Lorde  chiefe  Iustice,  and  also  of  Sir 
Iohn  Gilbert:  whose  lands  there  the  President  Rawley  Gilbert 
was  to  possesse  according  to  the  aduenturers  directions, 
finding  nothing  but  extreme  extremities,  they  all  returned 
for  England  in  the  yeere  1608.  and  thus  this  Plantation  was 
begunne  and  ended  in  one  yeere,  and  the  Country  esteemed 
as  a  cold,  barren,  mountainous,  rocky  Desart. 

Notwithstanding,  the  right  Honourable  Henry  Earle  of 
South-hampton  and  those  of  the  He  of  Wight,  imploied 
Captaine  Edward  Harlow  to  discouer  an  He  supposed  about 
Cape  Cod,  but  they  found  their  plots  had  much  abused  them, 
for  falling  with  Monahigan,  they  found  onely  Cape  Cod  no 


Edby/a'iy^4:]       LlB-6-  [Captaine  Harlow'*  Relation.]  697 

He  but  the  maine,  there  they  detained  three  Saluages  [1608] 
aboord  them,  called  Pechmo,  Monopet  and  Pekenimne,  but 
Pechmo  leapt  ouer  board,  and  got  away;  and  not  long 
after  with  his  consorts  cut  their  Boat  from  their  sterne, 
got  her  on  shore,  and  so  filled  her  with  sand,  and  guarded 
her  with  Bowes  and  Arrowes  the  English  lost  her.  Not 
farre  from  thence  they  had  three  men  sorely  wounded 
with  Arrowes. 

Anchoring  at  the  He  of  Nohono,  the  Saluages  in  their 
Canowes  assaulted  the  Ship  till  the  English  Guns  made 
them  retire  ;  yet  here  they  tooke  Sakaweston  that,  after 
he  had  liued  many  yeeres  in  England,  went  a  Souldier  to 
the  warres  of  Bohemia. 

At  Capawe  they  tooke  Coneconam  and  Epenow  [pp.  264, 
701],  but  the  people  at  Agawom  vsed  them  kindly.  So  with 
fiue  Saluages  they  returned  for  England. 

Yet  Sir  Francis  Popham  sent  diuers  times  one  Captaine 
Williams  to  Monahigan  onely  to  trade  and  make  core  fish, 
but  for  any  Plantations  there  was  no  more  speeches. 

For  all  this,  as  I  liked  Virginia  well,  though  not  their 
proceedings ;  so  I  desired  also  to  see  this  country,  and 
spend  some  time  in  trying  what  I  could  finde,  for  all  those 
ill  rumors  and  disasters. 

From  the  relations  of  Captaine  Edward  Harlow 
and  diuers  others. 


[My  first  visit  to  New  England.] 

N  the  month  of  Aprill  1614.  at  the  charge  of  V-«87.] 
Captaine  Marmaduke  Roydon,  Captaine  George  J^agrestt0 
Langam,  Master  Iohn  Bidey  and  Master  William  %*» 
&  Skelton,  with  two  ships  from  London,  I  chanced 
to  arriue  at  Monahigan  an  He  of  America,  434.  P430,  40'],  ^ 
of  Northerly  latitude  :  our  plot  was  there  to  take  Whales,   256.936.] 
for  which  we  had  one  Samuel  Cramton,  and  diuers  others 
expert  in  that  faculty,  and  also  to  make  trialls  of  a  Mine 
of  gold  and  copper  ;    if  those  failed,  Fish  and  Furs  were 
then  our  refuge  to  make  our  selues  sauers  howsoeuer. 


England. 

1614. 


698  Captaine  Smith  his  first  voiage  to  Norumbega.  [3.l6JJ; 


Smith, 
une  1616. 


[1614]  We  found  this  Whale-fishing  a  costly  conclusion ;  we  saw 

many  and  spent  much  time  in  chasing  them,  but  could 

not  kill  any.      They  being  a  kinde    of  Iubartes,  and  not 

the  Whale  that  yeelds  Fins  and   Oile  as  we  expected  ; 

for  our  gold  it  was  rather  the   Masters  deuice  to  get  a 

voyage  that  proiected  it,  then  any  knowledge  he  had  at  all 

of  any  such  matter.     Fish  and  Furs  were  now  our  guard, 

and  by  our  late  arriuall  and  long  lingring  about  the  Whale, 

the  prime  of  both  those  seasons  were  past  ere  wee  perceiued 

it,  wee  thinking  that  their  seasons  serued  at  all  times  :  but 

we  found  it  otherwise,  for  by  the  middest  of  lime  the  fishing 

failed,  yet  in  Iuly  and  August  some  were  taken,  but  not 

sufficient  to  defray  so  great  a  charge  as  our  stay  required. 

Of  dry  fish  we  made  about  forty  thousand,  of  Cor-fish 

about  seuen  thousand. 

t/>.  188.]  Whilest  the  Sailers  fished,  my  selfe  with  eight  others 

moditfeT      °^  them  might  best  bee  spared,  ranging  the  Coast  in  a 

1  got  small    Boat,  we   got    for    trifles   neere  eleuen   thousand 

tJT5u£ted     Beuer  skinnes,  one  hundred  Martins,  as  many  Otters,  and 

po«nd*        the  most  of  them  within  the  distance  of  twenty  leagues. 

We  ranged  the  Coast  both  East  and  West  much  further, 

but  Eastward  our  commodities  were  not  esteemed,  they 

were    so    neere  the  French  who   afforded    them   better, 

with  whom  the  Saluages  had  such  commerce  that  only  by 

trade  they  made  exceeding  great  voyages  (though   they 

were  without  the  limits  of  our   precincts )  :   during   the 

time  we  tried  those  conclusions,  not  knowing  the  coast, 

nor  Saluages  habitations. 

With  these  Furres,  the  traine  Oile  and  Cor-fish,  I 
returned  for  England  in  the  Barke,  where  within  six 
moneths  after  our  departure  from  the  Downes,  wee  safely 
arriued  backe.  The  best  of  this  fish  was  sold  for  5.  li.  the 
hundred;  the  rest, by  ill  vsage, betwixt  three  pounds  and  50. 
shillings. 

The  other  ship  stayed  to  fit  her  selfe  for  Spaine  with  the  dry 
fish  which  was  sold  at  Maligo,  at  forty  Rialls  the  Quintall, 
each  hundred  [weight]  weighing  two  quintals  and  a  halfe. 
Thetrechery  But  one  Thomas  Hunt  [205]  the  Master  of  this  ship  (when 
°H™TtT  I  was  gone)  thinking  to  preuent  that  intent  I  had  to 
make  there  a  Plantation,  thereby  to  keepe  this  abounding 
Countrey  still  in  obscuritie,  that  onely  he  and  some  few 


T.  Smith."] 
July  1624.J 


and  how  it  was  first  called  New  England.  699 


Merchants  more  might  enioy  wholly  the  benefit  of  the  [1614] 
Trade,  and  profit  of  this  Countrey,  betraied  foure  and 
twenty  of  those  poore  Saluages  aboord  his  ship  :  and  most  [A  754-1 
dishonestly,  and  inhumanely,  for  their  kinde  vsage  of  me 
and  all  our  men,  caried  them  with  him  to  Maligo,  and 
there  for  a  little  priuate  gaine  sold  those  silly  Saluages 
for  Rials  of  eight ;  but  this  vilde  act  kept  him  euer  after 
from  any  more  emploiment  in  those  parts. 

Now  because  at  this  time  I  had  taken  a  draught  of  the 
Coast,  and  called  it  New  England;  yet  so  long  he  [i.e., 
Hunt]  and  his  Consorts  drowned  that  name  with  the  Eccho 
of  Cannaday  ;  and  some  other  ships  from  other  parts  also, 
that  vpon  this  good  returne  the  next  yere  went  thither  [June 
1615] :  that  at  last  I  presented  this  Discourse  with  the  Map, 
to  our  most  gracious  Prince  Charles,  humbly  intreating  his 
Highnesse  hee  would  please  to  change  their  barbarous 
names  for  such  English,  as  posteritie  might  say  Prince 
Charles  was  their  God-father ;  which  for  your  better  vnder- 
standing  both  of  this  Discourse  and  the  Map,  peruse  this 
Schedule,  which  will  plainly  shew  you  the  correspondency  of 
the  old  names  to  the  new,  as  his  Highnesse  named  them. 


The  old  names. 

Cape  Cod. 

The  Harbor  at  Cape  Cod. 

Chawum. 

Accomack. 

Sagoquas. 

Massachusets  Mount. 

Massachusits  Riuer. 

Totan. 

A  great  Bay  by  Cape  Anne. 

Cape  Tragabigsanda. 

Naembeck. 

Aggawom. 

Smiths  lies. 

Passataquack. 

Accominticus. 

Sassanows  Mount. 

Sowocatuck. 


The  new  names. 

Cape  lames. 

Milforth  hauen. 

Barwick. 

Plimoth. 

Oxford. 

Cheui[o]t  hills. 

Charles  Riuer. 

Fa[t\mouth. 

Bristow. 

Cape  Anne. 

Bastable. 

Southampton. 

Smiths  lies. 

Hull. 

Boston. 

Snowdon  hill. 

Ipswich. 


How  Prince 
Charles 
called  the 
most  re- 
markable 
places 
in  New- 
England. 

[p.  232.) 


7<do         The  Description  of  New  England  Lib.  6.  [3_t6JJ 


Smith, 
une  1616. 


[1614]            Bahama.  Dartmouth. 

A  good  Harbor  within  that  Bay.  Sandwich. 

Ancociscos  Mount.  Shuters  hill. 

Ancocisco.  The  Bas[s]e. 

A  nmoughcawgen.  Cambridge. 

Kenebecka.  Edenborow. 

Sagadahock.  Letii. 

Pemmayquid.  S.  Iohns  tovvne. 

Segocket.  Norwich. 

Mecadacut.  Dunbarton. 

Pennobscot.  Aberden. 

Nusket.  Low  Mounds  [i.e.,  Lomonds], 

Those  being  omitted,  I  named  my  selfe. 

Monahigan.  Bar  ties  lies. 

Matinack.  Willowbies  lies. 

Metinacus.  Haughton  lies. 

The  rest  of  the  names  in  the  Map,  are  places  that  had  no 
names  that  we  did  know. 

Aspersions        But  to  continue  the  History  succeedingly  as  neere  with 

1$tfaJi.tw  the  day  and  yeere  as  may  bee. 

[y.«i*]  Returning  in  the  Barke  as  is  said ;  it  was  my  ill  chance 

to  put  in  at  Plimoth,  where  imparting  those  my  purposes 
to  diuers  I  thought  my  friends,  whom  as  I  supposed  were 
interested  in  the  dead  Patent  of  this  vnregarded  Countrey, 
I  was  so  encouraged  and  assured  to  haue  the  managing  [of  J 
their  authoritie  in  those  parts  during  my  life,  and  such  large 
promises,  that  I  ingaged  my  selfe  to  vndertake  it  for  them. 
Arriuing  at  London^  though  some  malicious  persons 
suggested  there  was  no  such  matter  to  be  had  in  that  so 
bad  abandoned  Countrey,  for  if  there  had,  other  could  haue 
found  it  so  well  as  I ;  therefore  it  was  to  be  suspected  I 
had  robbed  the  French  men  in  New  France  or  Cannada ; 
and  the  Merchants  set  me  forth  seemed  not  to  regard  it : 
yet  I  found  so  many  promised  me  such  assistance,  that  I 
entertained  [contracted  with]  Michael  Cooper  the  Master  of  the 
Barke,  that  returned  with  me  and  others  of  the  Company. 

How  he  dealt  with  others,  or  others  with  him,  I  know  not ; 
but  my  publike  proceeding  gaue  such  encouragement,  that 
it  became  so  well  apprehended  by  some  few  of  the  Virginia 


/uiyTJS:]  I-IB-  6-  h  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  701 

Company,  as  those  proiects  [206]  for  fishing  onely  was  so       [1614] 
well  liked,  they  furnished  Couper  with  foure  good  ships  to 
Sea,  before  they  at  Plimoth  had  made  any  prouision  at  all 
for  me ;  but  onely  a  small  Barke  set  out  by  them  of  the 
He  of  Wight. 

Some  of  Plimoth,  and  diuers  Gentlemen  of  the  West  ^fj^ 
Countrey,  a  little  before  I  returned  from  New  England,  in  voiage  to 
search  for  a  Mine  of  Gold  about  an  He  called  Capawuck,  Capawu  ' 
South -wards  from  the  Shoules  of  Cape  lames,  as  they 
were  informed  by  a  Saluage  called  Epenew  [p.  697] :  that 
hauing  deluded  them  as  it  seems  thus  to  get  home,  seeing 
they  kept  him  as  a  prisoner  in  his  owne  Countrey,  and 
before  his  friends :  being  a  man  of  so  great  a  stature,  he 
was  shewed  vp  and  downe  London  for  money  as  a  wonder  ; 
and  it  seemes  of  no  lesse  courage  and  authoritie,  then  of 
wit,  strength,  and  proportion.  For  so  well  he  had  contriued 
his  businesse,  as  many  reported  he  intended  to  haue  . 
surprised  the  ship ;  but  seeing  it  could  not  be  effected  to 
his  liking,  before  them  all  he  leaped  ouer-boord.  Many 
shot  they  made  at  him,  thinking  they  had  slaine  him  :  but 
so  resolute  they  were  to  recouer  his  body,  the  master  of 
the  ship  was  wounded,  and  many  of  his  company.  And 
thus  they  lost  him  ;  and  not  knowing  more  what  to  do, 
returned  againe  to  England  with  nothing :  which  so  had 
discouraged  all  your  West  Countrey  men,  they  neither 
regarded  much  their  promises,  and  as  little  either  me  or 
the  Countrey,  till  they  saw  the  London  ships  gone  and  me 
in  Plimoth  according  to  my  promise  [in  Jan.  1615,  p.  733], 
as  hereafter  shall  be  related. 

I  must  confesse  I  was  beholden  to  the  setters  forth  of  JJjdoiiere 
the  foure  ships  that  went  with  Couper,  in  that  they  offered  send  foure 
me  that   imploiment   if  I  would  accept  it ;    and  I  finde  fo  New'ps 
still  my  refusall  incurred  some  of  their  displeasures,  whose   ^nilantl- 
loue  and  fauour  I   exceedingly  desired ;  and  though  they 
doe  censure  me  opposite  to  their  proceedings,  they  shall 
yet  still  in  all  my  words  and  deeds  finde,  it  is  their  error, 
not   my   fault   that   occasions   their   dislike :    for  hauing 
ingaged  my  selfe  in  this  businesse  to  the  West  Countrey,  I 
had  beene  very  dishonest  to  haue  broke  my  promise,  nor 


7o2         The  Description  of  New  England    Lib.  6.  [3_l6j{, 


Smith. 
une  1616. 


1614]  will  I  spend  more  time  in  discouery  or  fishing,  till  I  may 
goe  with  a  Company  for  a  Plantation ;  for  I  know  my 
grounds,  yet  euery  one  to  whom  I  tell  them,  or  that  reads 
this  Booke,  cannot  put  it  in  practise,  though  it  may  helpe 
any  that  hath  seene  or  not  seene  to  know  much  of  those 
parts.  And  though  they  endeuour  to  worke  me  out  of 
my  owne  designes,  I  will  not  much  enuy  their  fortunes : 
but  I  would  be  sorry  their  intruding  ignorance  should  by 
their  defailments  bring  those  certainties  to  doubtfulnesse. 
So  that  the  businesse  prosper  I  haue  my  desire,  be  it  by 
whomsoeuer  that  are  true  subiects  to  our  King  and 
Countrey  :  the  good  of  my  Countrey  is  that  I  seeke,  and 
there  is  more  then  enough  for  all,  if  they  could  be 
contented. 

r/.  188.3  New  England  is  that  part  of  America  in  the  Ocean  Sea, 

SnofNew  opposite  to  N oua  Albion  [California]  in  the  South  Sea, 
England,  discouered  by  the  most  memorable  Sir  Francis  Drake  in  his 
Voyage  about  the  world,  in  regard  whereof  this  is  stiled 
New  England,  being  in  the  same  latitude.  New  France  of 
it  is  Northwards,  South-wards  is  Virginia,  and  all  the 
adioyning  continent  with  new  Granado,  new  Spaine,  new 
Andolosia,  and  the  West-Indies. 


Ow   because  I  haue    beene    so  oft  asked   such 
strange  questions  of  the  goodnesse  and  great- 
nesse  of  those  spatious  Tracts  of  Land,  how 
they  can  be  thus  long  vnknowne,  or  not  pos- 
sessed by  the  Spaniards,  and  many  such  like  demands ;  I 
t/.  189]      intreat  your  pardons  if  I  chance  to  bee  too  plaine  or  tedious 

in  relating  my  knowledge  for  plaine  mens  satisfaction. 
Notes^of  Florida    is    the   next   adioyning  to   the   Indies,  which 

vnprosperously  was  attempted  to  be  planted  by  the 
French,  a  Countrey  farre  bigger  then  England,  Scotlandf 
France  and  Ireland,  yet  little  knowne  to  any  Christian, 
but  by  the  wonderfull  endeuours  of  Ferdinando  de  Soto,  a 
valiant  Spaniard,  whose  writings  in  this  age  is  the  best 
guide  knowne  to  search  those  parts. 


Florida. 


juiy8?^*.]  Lib.  6.  by  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  703 


Virginia  is  no  He  as  many  doe  imagine,  but  part  of  the  [1614] 
Continent  adioyning  to  Florida,  whose  bounds  may  be  Notes  0/ 
stretched  to  the  magnitude  thereof,  without  offence  to  any  Vireiiua% 
Christian  Inhabitant,  for  from  the  degrees  of  thirtie  to 
forty  eight,  his  Maiesty  hath  now  enlarged  his  Letters 
Patents.  The  Coast  extending  South-west  [207]  and 
North-east  about  sixteene  or  seuenteene  hundred  miles, 
but  to  follow  it  aboord  the  shore  may  well  be  three 
thousand  miles  at  the  least :  of  which  twentie  miles  is 
the  most  giues  entrance  into  the  Bay  of  Chisapeacke, 
where  is  the  London  Plantation,  within  which  is  a 
Countrey,  as  you  may  perceiue  by  the  Map,  of  that  little 
I  discouered,  may  well  suffice  three  hundred  thousand 
people  to  inhabit :  but  of  it,  and  the  discoueries  of  Sir  Ralph 
Laine  and  Master  Heriot,  Captaine  Gosnold,  and  Captaine 
Waymouth,  they  haue  writ  so  largely,  that  posteritie  may 
be  bettered  by  the  fruits  of  their  labours. 

But  for  diuers  others  that  haue  ranged  those  parts  since, 
especially  this  Countrey  now  called  New  England,  within 
a  kenning  sometimes  of  the  shore ;  some  touching  in  one 
place,  some  in  another ;  I  must  intreat  them  pardon  me 
for  omitting  them,  or  if  I  offend  in  saying,  that  their  true 
descriptions  were  concealed,  or  neuer  were  well  obserued, 
or  died  with  the  Authors,  so  that  the  Coast  is  yet  still  but 
euen  as  a  Coast  vnknowne  and  vndiscouered. 

I  haue  had  six  or  seuen  seuerall  plots  of  those  Northerne  ia  *9°o 
parts,  so  vnlike  each  to  other,  or  resemblance  of  the  Coun- 
try, as  they  did  me  no  more  good  then  so  much  waste 
paper,  though  they  cost  me  more,  it  may  bee  it  was  not 
my  chance  to  see  the  best ;  but  lest  others  maybe  deceiued 
as  I  was,  or  through  dangerous  ignorance  hazard  them- 
selues  as  I  did,  I  haue  drawne  a  Map  from  point  to  point, 
He  to  He,  and  Harbour  to  Harbour,  with  the  Soundings, 
Sands,  Rocks,  and  Land-markes,  as  I  passed  close  aboord 
the  shore  in  a  little  Boat ;  although  there  bee  many  things 
to  bee  obserued,  which  the  haste  of  other  affaires  did  cause 
me  to  omit :  for  being  sent  more  to  get  present  Com- 
modities, then  knowledge  of  any  discoueries  for  any  future 
good,  I  had  not  power  to  search  as  I  would ;  yet  it  will 
serue  to  direct  any  [that]  shall  goe  that  waies  to  safe 
Harbours  and  the  Saluages  habitations :  what  merchandize 


704        The  Description  of  New  England     Lib.  6.  [ 


J.  Smith 
3-16  June  1616 


[1614] 


Observa- 
tions for  pre- 
sumptuous 
ignorant 
directors. 


[/•   191.) 


and  Commodities  for  their  labours  they  may  finde,  this 
following  discourse  shall  plainly  demonstrate. 

Thus  you  may  see  of  these  three  thousand  miles,  more 
then  halfe  is  yet  vnknovvne  to  any  purpose,  no  not  so 
much    as  the  borders  of  the  Sea  are  yet  certainly  dis- 
couered  :  as  for  the  goodnesse  and  true  substance  of  the 
Land,  we  are  for  most  part  yet  altogether  ignorant  of  them, 
vnlesse  it  be  those  parts  about  the  Bay  of  Chisapeack  and 
Sagadahock,   but  onely   here   and   there  where  we   haue 
touched    or    seene    a    little,   the   edges    of    those   large 
Dominions  which  doe  stretch  themselues  into  the  maine, 
God  doth  know  how  many  thousand  miles,  whereof  we 
can  yet  no  more  iudge,  then  a  stranger  that  saileth  betwixt 
England  and  France,  can  describe  the  harbours  and  dangers 
by  landing  here  or  there  in  some  Riueror  Bay,  tell  thereby 
the  goodnesse  and  substance  of  Spaine,  Italy,  Germany, 
Bohemia,  Hungaria,  and  the  rest ;  nay,  there  are  many  haue 
liued  fortie  yeeres  in  London,  and  yet  haue  scarce  beene  ten 
miles  out  of  the  Citie :  so  are  there  many  that  haue  beene 
in  Virginia  many  yeeres,  and  in  New  England  many  times, 
that  doe  know  little  more  then  the  place  they  doe  inhabit, 
or  the  Port  where  they  fished,  and  when  they  come  home, 
they  will  vndertake  they  know  all  Virginia  and  New  Eng- 
land, as  if  they  were  but  two  Parishes  or  little  Hands.     By 
this  you  may  perceiue  how  much  they  erre,  that  thinke  euery 
one  that  hath  beene  in  Virginia  or  New  England,  vnder- 
standeth  or  knoweth  what  either  of  them  are  ;  Or  that  the 
Spaniards  know  one  halfe  quarter  of  those  large  Territories 
they  possesse,  no  not  so  much  as  the  true  circumference 
of  Terra  incognita,  whose  large  Dominions  may  equalize 
the  goodnesse  and  greatnesse  of  America  for  any  thing  yet 
knowne.     It  is  strange  with  what  small  power  he  doth 
range  in  the  East-Indies,  and  few   will    vnderstand    the 
truth  of  his  strength  in  America:  where  hauing  so  much 
to   keepe   with   such   a  pampered  force,  they    need   not 
greatly  feare  his  fury  in  Sotnmer  lies,   Virginia,  or  New 
England,   beyond    whose    bounds   America   doth    stretch 
many  thousand  miles.      Into  the  frozen   parts  whereof, 
one   Master   Hutson    [Hudson]   an    English   Mariner,  did 
make  the  greatest   discouerie  of  any  Christian   I  know, 
where  hee  vnfortunately  was  left  by  his  cowardly  Com- 


/uiyTe^".]  Lib.  6.  by  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  705 

pany,  for  his  exceeeding  deserts,  to  end  and  die  a  most      [1614] 
miserable  death.  [208] 

For  Affrica,  had  not  the  industrious  Portugals  ranged 
her  vnknowne  parts,  who  would  haue  sought  for  wealth 
amongst  those  fried  Regions  of  blacke  brutish  Negars 
where  notwithstanding  all  their  wealth  and  admirable 
aduentures  and  endeuours  more  then  one  hundred  and 
fortie  yeeres  [1476-1616]  they  know  not  one  third  part  of 
those  blacke  habitations. 

But  it  is  not  a  worke  for  euery  one  to  manage  such 
an  affaire,  as  make  a  discouery  and  plant  a  Colony, 
it  requires  all  the  best  parts  of  art,  iudgement,  courage, 
honesty,  constancy,  diligence,  and  industry,  to  doe  but 
neere  well;  some  are  more  proper  for  one  thing  then 
another,  and  therein  best  to  be  imploied :  and  nothing 
breeds  more  confusion  then  misplacing  and  misimploying 
men  in  their  vndertakings.  Columbus,  Courtes,  Pitzara,  [A965.] 
Zoto,  Magilanus,  and  the  rest  serued  more  then  a  Prenti- 
ship,  to  learne  how  to  begin  their  most  memorable 
attempts  in  the  West-Indies,  which  to  the  wonder  of  all 
ages  successefully  they  effected,  when  many  hundreds  of 
others  farre  aboue  them  in  the  worlds  opinion,  being 
instructed  but  by  relation,  came  to  shame  and  confusion 
in  actions  of  small  moment,  who  doubtlesse  in  other 
matters  were  both  wise,  discreet,  generous  and  couragious. 
I  say  not  this  to  detract  any  thing  from  their  incomparable 
merits,  but  to  answer  those  questionlesse  questions,  that 
keepe  vs  backe  from  imitating  the  worthinesse  of  their  braue 
spirits,  that  aduanced  themselues  from  poore  Souldiers  to 
great  Captaines,  their  posterity  to  great  Lords,  their  King  to 
be  one  of  the  greatest  Potentates  on  earth,  and  the  fruits 
of  their  labours  his  greatest  power,  glory,  and  renowne. 


45 


[1614] 

237,  938. 


The 

principal! 
Countries  or 
gouern- 
merits. 
[/>.  938.1 


The  Description  of  New  England- 

Hat  part  we  call  New  England,  is  betwixt 
the  degrees  of  fortie  one  and  fortie  hue, 
the  very  meane  betwixt  the  North  pole 
and  the  line  ;  but  that  part  this  Dis- 
course speaketh  of,  stretcheth  but  from 
Penobscot  to  Cape  Cod,  some  seuentie 
nue  leagues  by  a  right  line  distant  each 
from  other ;  within  which  bounds  I  haue 
seene  at  least  fortie  seuerall  habitations  vpon  the  Sea  Coast, 
and  sounded  about  nue  and  twentie  excellent  good 
Harbours,  in  many  whereof  there  is  anchorage  for  nue 
hundred  saile  of  ships  of  any  burden  ;  in  some  of  them 
for  one  thousand,  and  more  then  two  hundred  lies  ouer- 
growne  with  good  Timber  of  diuers  sorts  of  wood,  which 
doe  make  so  many  Harbours,  as  required  a  longer  time 
then  I  had  to  be  well  obserued. 

The  principall  habitation  Northward  we  were  at,  was 
Pennobscot.  Southward  along  the  Coast  and  vp  the  Riuers, 
we  found  Mecadacut,  Segocket,  Pemaquid,  Nuscoucus,  Saga- 
dahock,  Aumoughcowgen,  and  Kenebeke;  and  to  those 
Countries  belong  the  people  of  Segotago,  Paghhuntanuck, 
Pocopassum,  Taughtanakagnet,  Warbigganus,  Nassaque, 
Masher  osqueck,  Wawrigweck,  Moshoquen,  Wakcogo,  Pashara- 
nack,  &c.  To  these  are  alied  in  confederacy,  the  Countries 
of  Ancocisco,  Accomynticus,  Passataquack,  Aggawom,  and 
Naemkeck  :  All  these  for  any  thing  I  could  perceiue,  differ 
little  in  language,  fashion,  or  gouernment :  though  most 
of  them  be  Lords  of  themselues,  yet  they  hold  the  Bashabes 
of  Penobscot,  the  chiefe  and  greatest  amongst  them. 

The  next  I  can  remember  by  name,  are  Mattahunts,  two 


I 


juiy^S'.]       Lib.  6.     The  Description  of  New  England.      707 

pleasant  lies  of  Groues,  Gardens,  and  Corne  fields  a  [1614] 
league  in  the  Sea  from  the  maine :  Then  Totant,  Massa- 
chuset,  Topent,  Secassaw,  Totheet,  Nasnocomacack,  Accomack, 
Chawum,  Patuxet,  Massasoyts,  Pakanokick  :  then  Cape  Cod, 
by  which  is  Pawmet  and  the  He  Nawset,  of  the  language  and 
aliance  of  them  of  Chawum ;  the  others  are  called  Massachusets, 
and  differ  somewhat  in  language,  custome,  and  condition. 

For  their  Trade  and  Merchandize,  to  each  of  their 
principall  families  or  habitations,  they  haue  diuers 
Townes  arid  people  belonging,  and  by  their  relations  and 
descriptions,  more  then  twentie  seuerall  habitations  and 
riuers  that  stretch  themselues  farre  into  the  Countrey, 
euen  to  the  Borders  of  diuers  great  Lakes,  where  they  kill 
and  take  most  of  their  Otters. 

From  Pennobscot  to  Sagadahoc.  This  Coast  [209]  is  V- 193-1 
mountainous,  and  lies  of  huge  Rockes,  but  ouer-growne  for 
most  part,  with  most  sorts  of  excellent  good  woods,  for 
building  Houses,  Boats,  Barks  or  Ships,  with  an  incredible 
abundance  of  most  sorts  of  Fish,  much  Fowle,  and  sundry 
sorts  of  good  Fruits  for  mans  vse. 

Betwixt  Sagadahock,  and  Sowocatuck,  there  is  but  two 
or  three  Sandy  Bayes,  but  betwixt  that  and  Cape  lames 
very  many :  especially  the  Coast  of  the  Massachusets  is  so 
indifferently  mixed  with  high  Clay  or  Sandy  clifts  in  one 
place,  and  the  tracts  of  large  long  ledges  of  diuers  sorts, 
and  Quaries  of  stones  in  other  places,  so  strangely  diuided 
with  tinctured  veines  of  diuers  colours  :  as  Free-stone  for 
building,  Slate  for  tyling,  smooth  stone  to  make  Furnasses 
and  Forges  for  Glasse  and  Iron,  and  Iron  Ore  sufficient 
conueniently  to  melt  in  them ;  but  the  most  part  so 
resembleth  the  Coast  of  Deuonshire,  I  thinke  most  of  the 
clifts  would  make  such  Lime-stone :  if  they  bee  not  of 
these  qualities,  they  are  so  like  they  may  deceiue  a  better 
iudgement  then  mine:  all  which  are  so  neere  adioyning 
to  those  other  aduantages  I  obserued  in  these  parts,  that 
if  the  Ore  proue  as  good  Iron  and  Steele  in  those  parts 
as  I  know  it  is  within  the  bounds  of  the  Countrey,  I  dare 
ingage  my  head  (hauing  but  men  skilfull  to  worke  the 
Simples  there  growing)  to  haue  all  things  belonging  to 
the  building  and  rigging  of  ships  of  any  proportion,  and 
good  Merchandise  for  their  fraught,  within  a  square  of 


708       The  Description  of  New  England.     Lib.  6.  [3.l6  jIJTm. 


[1614] 


A  proofe  of 
an  excellent 
clime. 


[/>•  194-1 


ten  or  foureteene  leagues,  and  it  were  no  hard  matter  to 
proue  it  within  a  lesse  limitation. 

And  surely  by  reason  of  those  sandy  clifts,  and  clifts  of 
rocks,  both  which  we  saw  so  planted  with  Gardens  and 
Corne  fields,  and  so  well  inhabited  with  a  goodly,  strong, 
and  well  proportioned  people,  besides  the  greatnesse  of 
the  Timber  growing  on  them,  the  greatnesse  of  the  Fish, 
and  the  moderate  temper  of  the  aire  (for  of  fiue  and  forty 
not  a  man  was  sicke,  but  two  that  were  many  yeares 
diseased  before  they  went,  notwithstanding  our  bad  lodging 
and  accidentall  diet)  who  can  but  approue  this  a  most 
excellent  place,  both  for  health  and  fertilitie  :  and  of  all 
the  foure  parts  of  the  world  I  haue  yet  seene  not  inhabited, 
could  I  haue  but  means  to  transport  a  Colony,  I  would 
rather  liue  here  then  any  where  ;  and  if  it  did  not  main- 
taine  it  selfe,  were  we  but  once  indifferently  well  fitted,  let 
vs  starue. 


Obserua 
lions  of  the 


stapieCom.      ^he  maine  staple  from  hence  to  bee  extracted  for  the 

modifies  Mr  #  i   •     i       i  i 

present.  present,  to  produce  the  rest,  is  Fish,  which  howbeit  may 
seeme  a  meane  and  a  base  Commoditie  ;  yet  who  will  but 
truly  take  the  paines  and  consider  the  sequell,  I  thinke 
will  allow  it  well  worth  the  labour.  It  is  strange  to  see, 
what  great  aduentures  the  hopes  of  setting  forth  men  of 
warre  to  rob  the  industrious  innocent  would  procure,  or 
such  massie  promises  in  grosse,  though  more  are  choaked 
then  well  fed  with  such  hastie  hopes.     But  who  doth  not 

^Hoiunders.  know  that  the  poore  Hollanders  chiefely  by  fishing  at  a 
great  charge  and  labour  in  all  weathers  in  the  open  Sea, 
are  made  a  people  so  hardy  and  industrious,  and  by  the 
venting  this  poore  Commoditie  to  the  Easterlings  for  as 
meane,  which  is  Wood,  Flax,  Pitch,  Tarre,  Rozen, 
Cordage,  and  such  like ;  which  they  exchange  againe  to 
the  French,  Spaniards,  Portugals,  and  English,  &c.  for  what 
they  want,  are  made  so  mighty,  strong,  and  rich,  as  no 
state  but  Venice  of  twice  their  magnitude  is  so  well 
furnished,  with  so  many  faire  Cities,  goodly  Townes, 
strong  Fortresses,  and  that  abundance  of  shipping,  and 
all  sorts  of  Merchandize,  as  well  of  Gold,  Siluer,  Pearles, 
Diamonds,  pretious  Stones,  Silkes,  Veluets,  and  Cloth  of 


/uiySS:]  Lib.  6.       The  Description  of  New  England.  709 

Gold ;  as  Fish,  Pitch,  Wood,  or  such  grosse  Commodities  ?  [1614] 
What  voiages  and  discoueries,  East  and  West,  North  and 
South,  yea  about  the  world,  make  they  ?  What  an  Army 
by  Sea  and  Land  haue  they  long  maintained,  in  despight 
of  one  of  the  greatest  Princes  of  the  world,  and  neuer 
could  the  Spaniard  with  all  his  Mines  of  Gold  and  Siluer, 
pay  his  debts,  his  friends,  and  Army,  halfe  so  truly  as  the 
Hollanders  still  haue  done  by  this  contemptible  Trade  of 
Fish.  Diuers  (I  know)  may  alleage  many  other  assist- 
ances ;  but  this  is  the  chiefest  Mine,  and  [210]  the  Sea 
the  source  of  those  siluer  streames  of  all  their  vertue, 
which  hath  made  them  now  the  very  miracle  of  industry, 
the  onely  paterne  of  perfection  for  these  affaires  :  and  the 
benefit  of  fishing  is  that  Primum  Mobile  that  turnes  all 
their  spheares  to  this  height,  of  plentie,  strength,  honor, 
and  exceeding  great  admiration. 

Herring,  Cod,  and  Ling,  is  that  triplicitie,  that  makes  \p.  i9S.] 
their  wealth  and  shippings  multiplicitie  such  as  it  is  :  and  Note. 
from  which  (few  would  thinke  it)  they  should  draw  so 
many  millions  yeerely  as  they  doe,  as  more  in  particular 
in  the  trials  of  New  England  [pp.  233-272]  you  may  see ; 
and  such  an  incredible  number  of  ships,  that  breeds  them 
so  many  Sailers,  Mariners,  Souldiers,  and  Merchants,  neuer 
to  be  wrought  out  of  that  Trade,  and  fit  for  any  other.  I 
will  not  deny  but  others  may  gaine  as  well  as  they  that  will 
vse  it,  though  not  so  certainly,  nor  so  much  in  quantitie, 
for  want  of  experience  :  and  this  Herring  they  take  vpon 
the  Coast  of  England  and  Scotland,  their  Cod  and  Ling 
vpon  the  Coast  of  Izeland,  and  in  the  North  seas,  if  wee 
consider  what  gaines  the  Hamburgans,  the  Biskinners,  and 
French  make  by  fishing;  nay,  but  how  many  thousands 
this  fiftie  or  sixty  yeeres  [1564-1614  or  1624]  haue  beene 
maintained  by  New  found  land,  where  they  take  nothing 
but  small  Cod,  whereof  the  greatest  they  make  Cor-fish, 
and  the  rest  is  hard  dried,  which  we  call  Poore-Iohn,  would 
amaze  a  man  with  wonder. 

If  then  from  all  those  parts  such  paines  is  taken  for 
this  poore  gaines  of  Fish,  especially  by  the  Hollanders, 
that  hath  but  little  of  their  owne,  for  building  of  ships 
and  setting  them  to  sea ;  but  at  the  second,  third,  fourth, 
or  fift  hand,  drawne  from   so  many   parts   of  the   world 


Jio  The  Altitiide  comparatiuely,         Lib.  6.  [3_l6J{ 


Smith. 
unc  1616. 


[1614J  ere  they  come  together  to  be  vsed  in  those  voiages:  If 
these  (I  say)  can  gaine,  why  should  we  more  doubt  then 
they;  but  doe  much  better,  that  may  haue  most  of  all 
those  things  at  our  doores  for   taking  and  making,  and 

\p-  196.]  here  are  no  hard  Landlords  to  racke  vs  with  high  rents, 
or  extorting  fines,  nor  tedious  pleas  in  Law  to  consume 
vs  with  their  many  yeeres  disputation  for  iustice;  no 
multitudes  to  occasion  such  impediments  to  good  orders 
as  in  popular  States :  so  freely  hath  God  and  his  Maiestie 
bestowed  those  blessings  on  them  [that]  will  attempt  to 
obtaine  them,  as  here  euery  man  may  be  master  of  his 

Note.  owne  labour  and  land,  or  the  greatest  part  (if  his  Maiesties 

royall  meaning  be  not  abused)  and  if  he  haue  nothing 
but  his  hands,  he  may  set  vp  his  Trade  ;  and  by  industry 
quickly  grow  rich,  spending  but  halfe  that  time  well, 
which  in  England  we  abuse  in  idlenesse,  worse,  or  as  ill. 

tFheaAu'"d0/  Here  is  ground  as  good  as  any  lieth  in  the  height  of 
compara-  forty  one,  forty  two,  forty  three,  &c.  which  is  as  temperate, 
tmely"         and  as  fruitfull  as  any  other  parallel  in  the  world. 

As  for  example,  on  this  side  the  line,  West  of  it  in  the 
South  Sea,  is  Nona  Albion,  discouered  as  is  said  [p.  702]  by 
Sir  Francis  Drake.  East  from  it  is  the  most  temperate 
part  of  Portugall,  the  ancient  Kingdomes  of  Galizia,  Bisky, 
Nauarre,  Aragon,  Cattilonia,  Castillia  the  old,  and  the 
most  moderatest  of  Castillia  the  new,  and  Valentia  ;  which 
in  spaitu.  is  the  greatest  part  of  Spaine:  which  if  the  Histories  be 
true,  in  the  Romans  time  abounded  no  lesse  with  gold  and 
siluer  Mines,  then  now  the  West-Indies ;  the  Romans  then 
vsing  the  Spaniards  to  worke  in  those  Mines,  as  now  the 
Spaniards  doe  the  Indians. 
in  France.  jn  FranCe  the  Prouinces  of  Gascony,  Langadocke,  A  uignon, 
Prouince,  Dolphine,  Pyamont,  and  Turyne,  are  in  the  same 
parallel ;  which  are  the  best  and  richest  parts  of  France. 

In  Italy  the  Prouinces  of  Genua,  Lumbar dy,  and  Verona, 
with  a  great  part  of  the  most  famous  state  of  Venice,  the 
Dukedomes  of  Bononia,  Mantua,Ferrara,Rauenna,Bolognia, 
Florence,  Pisa,  Sienna,  Vrbine,Ancona,  and  the  ancient  Citie 
and  Countrey  of  Rome,  with  a  great  part  of  the  Kingdome 
of  Naples.  In  Slauonia,  Istria,  and  Dalmatia,  with  the 
in  Greece     Kingdomes  of  A  Ibania.    In  Grecia  those  famous  Kingdomes 


juiy?<£3  Lib.  6.  and  particular  Commodities.  711 

of  Macedonia,  Bullulgaria,  Thessalia,  Thracia,  or  Romania,      [1614] 
where  is  seated  the  most  pleasant  and  plentifull  Citie  in 
Europe,  Constantinople. 

In  Asia  in  the  same  latitude,  are  the  temperatest  parts  in  Asia. 
of  Natolia,  Armenia,  [211]  Persia,  and  China  ;  besides  diuers  CA*97-] 
other  large  Countries  and  Kingdomes  in  those  most  milde 
and  temperate  Regions  of  Asia. 

Southward  in  the  same  height  is  the  richest  of  Gold  Mines,  Beyond  the 
Chily,  and  Baldinia,  and  the  mouth  of  the  great  Riuer  of  Plate,   me' 
&c.  for  all  the  rest  of  the  world  in  that  height  is  yet  vnknowne. 

Besides  these  reasons,  mine  owne  eies  that  haue  seene 
a  great  part  of  those  Cities  and  their  Kingdomes  (as 
well  as  it)  can  finde  no  aduantage  they  haue  in  Nature 
but  this,  they  are  beautified  by  the  long  labour  and 
diligence  of  industrious  people  and  art ;  This  is  onely  as 
God  made  it  when  hee  created  the  world. 

Therefore  I  conclude,  if  the  heart  and  intrailes  of  those 
Regions  were  sought,  if  their  Land  were  cultured,  planted, 
and  manured  by  men  of  industry,  iudgement,  and  experi- 
ence ;  what  hope  is  there,  or  what  need  they  doubt,  hauing 
the  aduantages  of  the  Sea,  but  it  might  equalize  any  of 
these  famous  Kingdomes  in  all  commodities,  pleasures, 
and  conditions:  seeing  euen  the  very  hedges  doe  naturally 
affoord  vs  such  plentie,  as  no  ship  need  returne  away 
emptie,  and  onely  vse  but  the  season  of  the  Sea,  Fish 
will  returne  an  honest  gaine,  besides  all  other  aduantages  ; 
her  treasures  hauing  yet  neuer  beene  opened,  nor  her 
originals  wasted,  consumed,  nor  abused. 


And  whereas  it  is  said  the  Hollanders  serue  the  Easter-  JJiSu?11" 
lings  themselues,  and  other  parts  that  want  with  Herring,  commodities 
Ling,    and   wet   Cod:  The  Easterlings,  a  great  part  of  &tbTyb° 
Europe,  with   Sturgion  and  Cauiare,   as  the  Blacke  Sea  industry- 
doth  Grecia,  Podolia,  Sagouia,  Natolia,  and  the  Hellespont. 
Cape   Blanke,    Spaine,   Portugall,   and   the    Leuant,   with 
Mulit  and  Puttargo.     New  found  land,  the  most  part  of 
the  chiefe  Southerne  Ports  in  Europe,  with  a  thin  Poore- 
Iohn ;  which  hath  beene  so  long,  so  much  ouer-laied  with 
Fishers,  as  the  fishing  decaieth,  so  that  many  oft  times 
are  constrained  to  returne  with  a  small  fraught.     Norway 


7  i  2  The  seasons  and facilitie         Lib.  6.  [3_l6 }[ 


Smith, 
une  1616. 


[1814]  and  Poland  affoords  Pitch  and  Tarre,  Masts  and  Yards. 
Sweathland  and  Russia,  Iron  and  Ropes.  France  and 
Spaine,  Canuase,  Wine,  Steele,  Iron,  and  Oile.  Italy  and 
Greece,  Silkes  and  Fruits.  I  dare  boldly  say,  because  I 
haue  seene  naturally  growing  or  breeding  in  those  parts, 
the  same  materials  that  all  these  are  made  of,  they  may 
\t.  i58.]  as  well  bee  had  here,  or  the  most  part  of  them  within  the 
distance  of  seuentie  leagues  for  some  few  ages,  as  from  all 
those  parts,  vsing  but  the  same  meanes  to  haue  them  that 
they  doe ;  but  surely  in  Virginia,  their  most  tender  and 
daintiest  fruits  or  commodities,  would  be  as  perfit  as 
theirs,  by  reason  of  the  heat,  if  not  in  New  England,  and 
with  all  those  aduantages. 
The  nature  First,  the  ground  is  so  fertill,  that  questionlesse  it  is 
approued?"  capable  of  producing  any  Graine,  Fruits,  or  Seeds,  you 
will  sow  or  plant,  growing  in  the  Regions  aforenamed. 
But  it  may  be  not  to  that  perfection  of  delicacy,  because 
the  Summer  is  not  so  hot,  and  the  Winter  is  more  cold 
in  those  parts  we  haue  yet  tried  neere  the  Sea  side,  then 
wee  finde  in  the  same  height  in  Europe  or  Asia  :  yet  I 
made  a  Garden  vpon  the  top  of  a  Rocky  He  in  three  and 
forty  degrees  and  an  halfe,  foure  leagues  from  the  maine 
in  May,  that  grew  so  well,  as  it  serued  vs  for  Sallets  in 
Iune  and  Iuly. 

All  sorts  of  Cattle  may  here  be  bred  and  fed  in  the  lies 
or  Peninsulaes  securely  for  nothing.  In  the  Interim, 
till  they  increase  (if  need  be)  obseruing  the  seasons,  I 
durst  vndertake  to  haue  Corne  enough  from  the  Saluages 
for  three  hundred  men,  for  a  few  trifles  ;  and  if  they 
should  be  vntowards,  as  it  is  most  certaine  they  will, 
thirtie  or  fortie  good  men  will  be  sufficient  to  bring 
them  all  in  subiection,  and  make  this  prouision,  if  they 
vnderstand  what  to  doe  :  two  hundred  whereof  may  eight 
or  nine  moneths  in  the  yeere  be  imploied  in  helping  the 
Fisher-men,  till  the  rest  prouide  other  necessaries,  fit  to 
furnish  vs  with  other  Commodities. 
The  season.  In  March,  Aprill,  May,  and  halfe  Iune,  heere  is  Cod  in 
approuedi  abundance ;  In  May,  Iune,  Iuly,  and  August,  Mullit 
and  Sturgion,  whose  Roes  doe  make  Cauiare  and  Puttargo ; 
Herring,  if  any  desire  them  :  I  haue  taken  many  out  of 
the   bellies   of   Cods,   some  in   nets ;    but    the   Saluages 


/uiyTe^'.J  Lib.  6.  for  Trade  and  Plantations.  7 1 3 

compare  the  store  in  the  Sea  with  the  haires  of  their  [1614 
heads :  and  surely  there  are  an  incredible  abundance 
vpon  this  Coast.  [212]  In  the  end  of  August,  September, 
October,  and  Nouember,  you  may  haue  Cod  againe  to 
make  Core-fish  or  Poore-Iohn  :  Hake  you  may  haue  when 
the  Cod  failes  in  Summer,  if  you  will  fish  in  the  night, 
which  is  better  then  Cod.  Now  each  hundred  you  take 
here,  is  as  good  as  two  or  three  hundred  in  New  found 
Land ;  so  that  halfe  the  labour  in  hooking,  splitting  and 
touring,  is  saued :  And  you  may  haue  your  fish  at  what 
market  you  will,  before  they  haue  any  in  New  found  land, 
where  their  fishing  is  chiefelybutinlune  andluly;  where[as] 
it  is  here  in  March,  Aprill,  May,  September,  October  and  [A  *99-i 
Nouember,  as  is  said  :  so  that  by  reason  of  this  Plantation, 
the  Merchants  may  haue  their  fraught  both  out  and  home, 
which  yeelds  an  aduantage  worth  consideration. 

Your  Core-fish  you  may  in  like  manner  transport  as  you 
see  cause,  to  serue  the  Ports  in  Portugall,  as  Lisbone,  Auera, 
Porta  Port,  and  diuers  others,  (or  what  market  you  please) 
before  your  Ilanders  [Icelanders]  returne.  They  being  tied 
to  the  season  in  the  open  Sea,  and  you  hauing  a  double 
season,  and  fishing  before  your  doores,  may  euery  night 
sleep  quietly  ashore  with  good  cheere,  and  what  fires  you 
will,  or  when  you  please  with  your  wiues  and  family : 
they  onely  and  their  ships  in  the  maine  Ocean,  that  must 
carie  and  containe  all  they  vse,  besides  their  fraught. 

The  Mullits  here  are  in  that  abundance,  you  may  take 
them  with  nets  sometimes  by  hundreds,  where  at  Cape 
Blanke  they  hooke  them :  yet  those  are  but  a  foot  and  a  halfe 
in  length;  these  two,  three,  or  foure,  as  oft  I  haue  measured, 
which  makes  me  suspect  they  are  some  other  kinde  of 
fish,  though  they  seeme  the  same,  both  in  fashion  and 
goodnesse.  Much  Salmon  some  haue  found  vp  the  Riuers 
as  they  haue  passed ;  and  here  the  aire  is  so  temperate,  as 
all  these  at  any  time  may  be  preserued. 

Now,  young  Boies  and  Girles,  Saluages,  or  any  other  implement 
bee  they  neuer  such  idlers,  may  turne,  carie  or  returne  p^opfeTnd 
a  fish,  without  either  shame  or  any  great  paine.     He  is  chndrln.se 
very  idle   that   is  past  twelue  yeeres  of  age  and  cannot 
doe  so  much  ;  and  she  is  very  old  that  cannot  spin  a  threed 
to  make  Engins  to  catch  a  fish. 


7 1 4  The  seasons  and  facilitie  Lib.  6.  [3_l6  j[ 


Smith, 
une  1616. 


[1614]  For  their  transportation,  the  ships  that  goe  there  to 

She*"11*"  ^s^  may  transport  the  first :  who  for  their  passage  will 
Plantation,  spare  the  charge  of  double  manning  their  ships,  which 
they  must  do  in  New  found  land  to  get  their  fraught ; 
but  one  third  part  of  that  company  are  onely  proper  to 
serue  a  stage,  carie  a  Barrow,  and  turne  Poore-Iohn ; 
notwithstanding,  they  must  haue  meat,  drinke,  clothes, 
and  passage  so  well  as  the  rest. 

Now  all  I  desire  is  but  this,  That  those  that  voluntarily 
will  send  shipping,  should  make  here  the  best  choice 
they  can,  or  accept  such  as  shall  bee  presented  them  to 
serue  them  at  that  rate :  and  their  ships  returning  leaue 
such  with  me,  with  the  value  of  that  they  should  receiue 
comming  home,  in  such  prouisions  and  necessarie  tooles, 
armes,  bedding,  apparell,  salt,  nets,  hookes,  lines,  and 
i/.  200.1  such  like,  as  they  spare  of  the  remainings ;  who  till  the 
next  returne  may  keepe  their  Boats,  and  doe  them  many 
other  profitable  offices.  Prouided,  I  haue  men  of  abilitie 
to  teach  them  their  functions,  and  a  company  fit  for 
Souldiers  to  be  ready  vpon  any  occasion,  because  of  the 
abuses  that  haue  beene  offered  the  poore  Saluages,  and  the 
libertie  that  both  French  and  English,  or  any  that  will, 
haue  to  deale  with  them  as  they  please  ;  whose  disorders 
will  be  hard  to  reforme,  and  the  longer  the  worse. 

Now  such  order  with  facilitie  might  be  taken,  with  euery 
Port,  Towne,  or  Citie,  with  free  power  to  conuert  the  bene- 
fit of  their  fraughts  to  what  aduantage  they  please,  and 
increase  their  numbers  as  they  see  occasion,  who  euer  as 
they  are  able  to  subsist  of  themselues,  may  begin  the  new 
Townes  in  New  England,  in  memory  of  their  old :  which 
freedome  being  confined  but  to  the  necessitie  of  the  generall 
good,  the  euent  (with  Gods  helpe)  might  produce  an 
honest,  a  noble,  and  a  profitable  emulation. 


Present  Salt  vpon  Salt  may  assuredly  be  made,  if  not  at  the  first 

SeT™04*"  in  ponds,  yet  till  they  be  prouided  this  may  be  vsed  :  then 
the  ships  may  transport  Kine,  Horse,  Goats,  course  Cloth, 
and  such  Commodities  as  we  want ;  by  whose  arriuall  may 
be  made  that  prouision  of  fish  to  fraught  the  ships  that 
they  stay  not ;  and  then  if  the  Sailers  goe  for  wages  it 


i-i6 


junfTeie.]  Lib.  6.       for  Trade  and  Plantations.  7 1 5 


matters  not,  it   is  hard   if  this   returne   defray  not  the       [1614] 
charge  :  [213]  but  care  must  be  had  they  arriue  in  the 
Spring,  or  else  that  prouision  be  made  for  them  against 
winter. 

Of  certaine  red  berries  called  Kermes,  which  is  worth  Kem«*- 
ten    shillings   the  pound,  but  of  these  haue  beene   sold 
for  thirty  or  forty  shillings  the  pound,  may  yeerely   be 
gathered  a  good  quantity. 

Of  the  Muskrat  may  be  well  raised  gaines  worth  their  Musquasses. 
labour,  that  will  endeuour  to  make  triall  of  their  goodnesse. 

Of   Beuers,    Otters   and    Martins,    blacke    Foxes,  and  Beuers  [/.«., 
Furres  of  price,  may  yeerely  be  had  six  or  seuen  thousand,  theirskins' 
and  if  the  trade  of   the  French   were   preuented,  many 
more :    25000.  this  yeere  [1614]  were  brought  from  those 
northerne  parts  into  France,  of  which  trade  we  may  haue 
as  good  part  as  the  French  if  we  take  good  courses. 

Of  Mines  of  Gold  and  Siluer,  Copper,  and  probabilities  ia**.] 
of  Lead,  Crystall  and  Allum,  I  could  say  much  if  rela-  Mines- 
tions  were  good  assurances ;  it  is  true  indeed,  I  made 
many  trialls  according  to  the  instructions  I  had,  which 
doth  perswade  me  I  need  not  despaire  but  that  there  are 
metals  in  the  Country:  but  I  am  no  Alcumist,  nor  will 
promise  more  then  I  know  :  which  is,  who  will  vndertake 
the  rectifying  of  an  iron  Forge,  if  those  that  buy  meat 
and  drinke,  coles,  ore,  and  all  necessaries  at  a  deare  rate, 
gaine ;  where  all  the  sethings  are  to  be  had  for  taking  vp, 
in  my  opinion  cannot  lose. 

Of  woods,  seeing  there  is  such  plenty  of  all  sorts,  if  woods, 
those  that  build  ships  and  boats,  buy  wood  at  so  great 
a  price  as  it  is  in  England,  Spaine,  France  and  Holland,  and 
all  other  prouisions  for  the  nourishment  of  mans  life,  Hue 
well  by  their  trade;  when  labour  is  all  [that  is]  required  to 
take  these  necessaries  without  any  other  tax,  what  hazard 
will  be  here  but  to  doe  much  better,  and  what  commodity 
in  Europe  doth  more  decay  then  wood  ?  for  the  goodnesse 
of  the  ground,  let  vs  take  it  fertill  or  barren,  or  as  it  is, 
seeing  it  is  certaine  it  beares  fruits  to  nourish  and  feed 
man  and  beast  as  well  as  England,  and  the  Sea  those 
seuerall  sorts  of  fishes  I  haue  related. 

Thus  seeing  all  good  things  for  mans  sustenance  may 
with  this  facility  be  had  by  a  little  extraordinary  labour, 


7 1 6     Present  commodities  with  the  gaines.    Lib.  6.  [3_l6  j{'nf  JJJJ: 

[1614]  till  that  transported  be  increased,  and  all  necessaries  for 
shipping  onely  for  labour,  to  which  may  added  the  assist- 
ance of  the  Saluages  which  may  easily  be  had,  if  they  be 
discreetly  handled  in  their  kinds,  towards  fishing,  planting, 
and  destroying  woods. 

What  gaines  might  be  raised  if  this  were  followed  (when 

there  is  but  once  men  to  fill  your  store  houses  dwelling 

there,  you  may  serue  all  Europe  better  and  farre  cheaper 

then  can  the  Hand  Fishers,  or  the  Hollanders,  Cape-Llanke, 

or  Newfound  land,  who  must  be  at  much  more  charge  then 

you)  may  easily  be  coniectured  by  this  example. 

An  example       Two  thousand  [pounds]  will  fit  out  a  ship  of  200.  tunnes, 

SponCeueryCS  and  one  [ship]  of  100.  tuns.    If  of  the  dry  fish  they  both  make, 

monethsS,x    [they]  fraught  that  of  200.  and  goe  for  Spaine,  sell  it  but  at 

retume.        ten  shillings  a  quintall,  but  commonly  it  giues  fifteene  or 

!>.aoa.]        twenty,  especially  when  it  commeth  first,  which  amounts 

to  3.  or  4000.  pound,  but  say  but  ten,  which  is  the  lowest, 

allowing  the  rest  for  waste,  it  amounts  at  that  rate  to  2000. 

[pounds]  which  is  the  whole  charge  of  your  two  ships  and  the 

equipage:  then  the  returne  [by  exchange]  of  the  mony  and  the 

fraught  of  the  ship  for  the  vintage  or  any  other  voyage  is 

cleere  gaine;  with   your  ship  of  one  hundred  tunnes  of 

traine  Oile  and   Cor-fish,  besides  the   Beuers  and  other 

commodities,  and  that  you  may  haue  at  home  within  six 

moneths  if  God  please  to  send  but  an  ordinary  passage. 

Then  sauing  halfe  this  charge  by  the  not  staying  of  your 

ships,  your  victuall,  ouerplus  of  men  and  wages,  with  her 

fraught  thither  with  necessaries  for  the  Planters,  the  Salt 

being  there  made,  as  also  may  the  nets  and  lines  within  a 

short  time  ;  if  nothing  may  be  expected  but  this,  it  might 

in  time  equalize  your  Hollanders  gaines,  if  not   exceede 

them :  hauing  their  fraughts  alwaies  ready  against   the 

arriuall  of  the  ships. 

This  would  so  increase  our  shipping  and  sailers,  and 
so  incourage  and  imploy  a  great  part  of  our  Idlers  and 
others  that  want  imployment  fitting  their  qualities  at 
home,  where  they  shame  to  doe  that  they  would  doe 
abroad,  that  could  they  but  once  taste  the  sweet  fruits 
of  their  owne  labours,  doubtlesse  many  thousands  would  be 
aduised  by  good  discipline  to  take  more  pleasure  in  honest 
industry,  then  in  their  humors  of  dissolute  idleness.  [214] 


,-ie  j£nf?6i6.]  The  habitations  of  the  Saluages  in  particular.   71 7 

But  to  returne  a  little  more  to  the  particulars  of  this       [1614] 
Countrey,  which  I  intermingle  thus  with  my  proiects  and   Ades"'P- 
reasons,  not  being  so  sufficiently  yet  acquainted  in  those  countrey 
parts,  to  write  fully  the  estate  of  the  Sea,  the  Aire,  the  gJEJ,  and 
Land,  the  Fruits,  their  Rocks,  the  People,  the  Gouern-  $™tions, 
ment,  Religion,  Territories,  Limitations,  Friends  and  Foes: 
But  as  I  gathered  from  their  niggardly  relations  in  a  broken 
language,  during  the  time  I  ranged  those  Countries,  &c. 

The  most  Northerne  part  I  was  at,  was  the  Bay  of  Pen-  [>.  *o3.] 
nobscot,  which  is  East  and  West,  North  and  South,  more 
then  ten  leagues:  but  such  were  my  occasions,  I  was 
constrained  to  be  satisfied  of  them  I  found  in  the  Bay, 
that  the  Riuer  ranne  farre  vp  into  the  Land,  and  was 
well  inhabited  with  many  people;  but  they  were  from  their 
habitations,  either  fishing  amongst  the  lies,  or  hunting 
the  Lakes  and  Woods  for  Deere  and  Beuers.  The  Bay 
is  full  of  great  lies  of  one,  two,  six  or  eight  miles  in 
length,  which  diuides  it  into  many  faire  and  excellent 
good  Harbours. 

On  the  East  of  it  are  the  Tarrentines,  their  mortall 
enemies,  where  inhabit  the  French,  as  they  report,  that 
Hue  with  those  people  as  one  Nation  or  Family.  And 
Northwest  of  Pennobscot  is  Mecaddacut,  at  the  foot  of  a 
high  Mountaine,  a  kinde  of  fortresse  against  the  Tarren- 
tines, adioyning  to  the  high  Mountaines  of  Pennobscot, 
against  whose  feet  doth  beat  the  Sea ;  but  ouer  all  the 
Land,  lies,  or  other  impediments,  you  may  well  see  them 
foureteene  or  eighteene  leagues  from  their  situation. 
Segocket  is  the  next,  then  Nuskoucus,  Pemmaquid,  and 
Sagadahock. 

Vp  this  Riuer,  where  was  the  Westerne  Plantation, 
are  Aumoughcawgen,  Kinnebeke,  and  diuers  others,  where 
are  planted  some  Corne  fields.  Along  this  Riuer  thirtie 
or  fortie  miles,  I  saw  nothing  but  great  high  clifts  of 
barren  Rocks  ouergrowne  with  Wood,  but  where  the 
Saluages  dwell  there  the  ground  is  excellent  salt  [fat], 
and  fertill. 

Westward  of  this  Riuer  is  the  Country  of  Aucocisco,  in 
the  bottome  of  a  large  deepe  Bay,  full  of  many  great  lies, 
which  diuides  it  into  many  good  Harbours. 

Sawocotuck  is  the  next,  in  the  edge  of  a  large  Sandy 


7  i  8    The  habitations  of  the  Saluages  in  particular.  [3_l6  /unf  7^ 

[1614]       Bay,  which  hath  many  Rockes  and   lies,  but  few  good 
Harbours  but  for  Barkes  I  yet  know. 

But  all  this  Coast  to  Pennobscot,  and  as  farre  as  I  could 
see  Eastward  of  it,  is  nothing  but  such  high  craggy 
clifty  Rockes  and  stony  lies,  that  I  wonder  such  great 
Trees  could  grow  vpon  so  hard  foundations.  It  is  a 
Countrey  rather  to  affright  then  delight  one,  and  how  to 
describe  a  more  plaine  spectacle  of  desolation,  or  more 
[/.  ao4.]  barren,  I  know  not ;  yet  are  those  rocky  lies  so  furnished 
with  good  Woods,  Springs,  Fruits,  Fish  and  Fowle,  and 
the  Sea  the  strangest  Fish-pond  I  euer  saw,  that  it  makes 
me  thinke,  though  the  coast  be  rocky  and  thus  affrightable, 
the  Vallies  and  Plaines  and  interior  parts  may  well  not- 
withstanding be  very  fertill.  But  there  is  no  Country  so 
fertill  [that]  hath  not  some  part  barren,  and  New-England 
is  great  enough  to  make  many  Kingdomes  and  Countries, 
were  it  all  inhabited. 

As  you  passe  the  coast  still  westward,  Accominticus 
and  Passataquack  are  two  conuenient  Harbours  for  small 
Barkes ;  and  a  good  Country  within  their  craggy  clifts. 

Augoan  is  the  next :  this  place  might  content  a  right 
curious  iudgement,  but  there  are  many  sands  at  the 
entrance  of  the  Harbour,  and  the  worst  is,  it  is  imbayed 
too  farre  from  the  deepe  Sea;  here  are  many  rising 
hils,  and  on  their  tops  and  descents  are  many  come 
fields  and  delightfull  groues.  On  the  East  is  an  He  of 
two  or  three  leagues  in  length,  the  one  halfe  plaine 
marish  ground,  fit  for  pasture  or  salt  Ponds,  with  many 
faire  high  groues  of  Mulbery  trees  and  Gardens ;  there 
is  also  Okes,  Pines,  Walnuts,  and  other  wood  to  make 
this  place  an  excellent  habitation,  being  a  good  and  safe 
Harbour. 

Naiemkeck,  though  it  be  more  rocky  ground,  for  Augoan 

is  sandy,  [is]  not  much  inferiour  neither  for  the  harbour,  nor 

any  thing  I  could  perceiue  but  the  multitude  of  people. 

^a?4^'      From  hence  doth  stretch  into  the  Sea  the  faire  headland 

l^ss7,    '  Tragabigzanda,   now  called   Cape   An,    fronted   with   the 

three  lies  wee  called   the   three   Turkes  heads;   to  the 

r"  ~'  north  of  this  doth  enter  a  great    Bay,  where  we  found 

some   habitations  and  Corne   fields,  they  report   a  faire 

Riuer  and  at  least  30.  habitations  [215]  doth  possesse 


\j>p.  204, 730, 


3-i6  junf  TiSi]   The  habitations  of  the  Saluages  in  particular.     719 

this  Country.     But   because  the   French   had   got   their      [1614] 
trade,  I  had  no  leisure  to  discouer  it. 

The  lies  of  Mattahunts  are  on  the  west  side  of  this  Bay, 
where  are  many  lies   and  some   Rocks  that   appeare  a 
great  height  aboue  the  water  like  the  Pyramides  in  Mgypt, 
and  amongst  them  many  good   Harbours,  and  then  the 
country  of  the  Massachusits,  which  is  the  Paradice  of  all 
those  parts ;  for  here  are  many  lies  planted  with  Come, 
Groues,  Mulberies,  saluage  Gardens  and  good  Harbours, 
the  Coast  is  for  the  most  part  high  clayie  sandy  clifts,  the  y.905.] 
sea  Coast  as  you  passe  shewes  you  all  along  large  Corne 
fields,  and  great  troupes  of  well  proportioned  people  :   but   t/A  747. 
the  French  hauing  remained  here  neere  six  weekes,  left    754' 933' 
nothing  for  vs  to  take  occasion  to  examine  the  Inhabitants 
relations,  viz.  if  there  be  three  thousand  people  vpon  those 
lies,  and  that  the  Riuer  doth  pierce  many  daies  iourney 
the  entrailes  of  that  Country. 

We  found  the  people  in  those  parts  very  kinde,  but  in  their 
fury  no  lesse  valiant ;  for  vpon  a  quarrell  we  fought  with 
forty  or  fifty  of  them,  till  they  had  spent  all  their  Arrowes, 
and  then  we  tooke  six  or  seuen  of  their  Canowes,  which 
towards  the  eueningthey  ransomed  for  Beuer  skinnes:  and 
at  Quonahasit  falling  out  there  but  with  one  of  them,  he 
with  three  others  crossed  the  Harbour  in  a  Canow  to 
certaine  rockes  whereby  wee  must  passe,  and  there  let  flie  An  Indian 
their  Arrowes  for  our  shot,  till  we  were  out  of  danger ;  yet  siaine, 
one  of  them  was  siaine,  and  another  shot  through  his  thigh.  £2. er 

Then  come  you  to  Accomacke  an  excellent  good  Harbour, 
good  land,  and  no  want  of  any  thing  but  industrious 
people  :  after  much  kindnesse,  wee  fought  also  with  them, 
though  some  were  hurt,  some  siaine,  yet  within  an  houre 
after  they  became  friends. 

Cape  Cod  is  the  next  [that]  presents  it  selfe,  which  is  onely 
a  headland  of  high  hils,  ouer-growne  with  shrubby  Pines, 
hurts  and  such  trash;  vbut  an  excellent  harbour  for  all 
weathers.  This  Cape  is  made  by  the  maine  Sea  on  the 
one  side,  and  a  great  Bay  on  the  other  in  forme  of  a 
Sickell;  on  it  doth  inhabit  the  people  of  Pawmet,  and  in  the 
bottome  of  the  Bay  them  of  Chawum. 

Towards  the  South  and  South-west  of  this  Cape,  is  found 
a  long  and  dangerous  shoule  of  rocks  and  sand,  but  so 


720  The  land  markes  and  other  notes.     Ltb.  6.  Q-^/unfT^.' 

[1614]  farre  as  I  incercled  it,  I  found  thirty  fathome  water  and  a 
strong  currant,  which  makes  mee  thinke  there  is  a  chanell 
about  this  Shoule,  where  is  the  best  and  greatest  fish  to 
be  had  winter  and  summer  in  all  the  Country ;  but  the 
Saluages  say  there  is  no  Chanell,  but  that  the  Shoales 
beginne  from  the  maine  at  Pawmet  to  the  He  of  Nawset, 
and  so  extends  beyond  their  knowledge  into  the  Sea. 

[//. 264,697,      The   next  to  this   is  Capawucke,  and  those  abounding 

701,733]  Countries  of  Copper,  Corne,  People  and  Mineralls,  which 
I  went  to  discouer  this  last  yeere  [1615] ;  but  because  I  mis- 

{/.  206.]  carried  by  the  way,  I  will  leaue  them  till  God  please  I  haue 
better  acquaintance  with  them. 

The  Massachusets  they  report  sometimes  haue  warres 
with  the  Bashabes  of  Pennobscot,  and  are  not  alwaies  friends 
with  them  of  Chawum  and  their  alliance ;  but  now  they 
are  all  friends,  and  haue  each  trade  with  other  so  farre  as 
they  haue  society  on  each  others  frontiers  :  for  they  [the 
Bashabes]  make  no  such  voyages  as  from  Pennobscot  to 
Cape  Cod,  seldome  to  Massach[u]set. 

In  the  North  as  I  haue  said  they  haue  begun  to  plant 
Corne,  whereof  the  south  part  hath  such  plenty  as  they 
haue  what  they  will  from  them  of  the  North,  and  in  the 
Winter  much  more  plenty  of  fish  and  fowle  ;  but  both 
Winter  and  Summer  hath  it  in  one  part  or  other  all  the 
yeere,  being  the  meane  and  most  indifferent  temper  betwixt 
heat  and  cold,  of  all  the  Regions  betwixt  the  Line  and  the 
Pole :  but  the  Furs  Northward  are  much  better,  and  in 
much  more  plenty  then  Southward. 

Mikes'1  ^e  remarkablest  Ues  ana"  Mountaines  for  land  Markes 

are  these  :  the  highest  He  is  Sorico  in  the  Bay  of  Pen- 
nobscot,  but  the  three  lies,  and  the  lies  of  Matinack  are 
much  further  in  the  Sea  :  Metynacus  is  also  three  plaine 
lies,  but  many  great  Rocks  :  Monahigan  is  a  round  high  He, 
and  close  by  it  [is]  Monanis,  betwixt  which  is  a  small  Harbour 
where  we  rid  ;  in  Darner  Us  lies  is  such  another,  Sagadahocke 
is  knowne  by  Satquin,  and  foure  or  hue  lies  in  their  mouth. 
Smiths  lies  are  a  heape  together,  [216]  none  neere  them 

[#.204,718,  against  Accomintycus :  the  three  Turkes   heads,  are   three 
8381         lies,  seene  farre  to  Sea-ward  in  regard  of  the  Head-land. 

[//.  204, 206,      The  chiefe  Head-lands,  are  onely  Cape  Tragabigzanda,  and 

*xjfilsl&\  Cape  Cod;  now  called  [p.  232]  Cape  lames,  and  Cape  Anne. 


j-iejunfTeieJ  Lib.  6.      The  land  markes  and  other  notes.         721 

The  chiefe  Mountaines,  them  of  Pennobscot,  the  twinkling       [1614] 
Mountaine  of  Acocisco,  the  great  Mountaine  of  Sassanow, 
and  the  high  Mountaine  of  Massachuset.     Each  of  which 
you   shall   finde   in   the   Map,   their   places,   forme,   and 
altitudes. 

The  waters  are  most  pure,  proceeding  from  the  intrailes 
of  rocky  Mountaines. 

The  Herbs  and  Fruits  are  of  many  sorts  and  kinds,  as  Herbs  and 
Alkermes,  Currans,  Mulberies,  Vines,  Respises,  Gooseberies,  ^HJjj 
Plums,   Wall-nuts,    Chesse-nuts,  Small-nuts,   Pumpions, 
Gourds,  Strawberies,  Beanes,  Pease,  and  Maize ;  a  kinde 
or  two  of  Flax,  wherewith   they  make  Nets,  Lines,  and 
Ropes,  both  small  and  great,  very  strong  for  their  quantities. 

Oake   is   the    chiefe   wood,   of   which    there    is    great  Woods. 
difference,  in  regard  of  the  soyle  where  it  groweth,  Firre, 
Pine,  Wall-nut,  Chesse-nut,  Birtch,  Ash,  Elme,   Cipris, 
Cedar,  Mulbery,  Plum  tree,  Hazell,  Saxefras,  and  many 
other  sorts. 

Eagles,  Grips,  diuers  sorts  of  Hawkes,  Craines,  Geese,  Birds. 
Brants,  Cormorants,  Ducks,  Cranes,  Swannes,  Sheldrakes, 
Teale,  Meawes,  Gulls,  Turkies,  Diue-doppers,  and  many 
other  sorts  whose  names  I  know  not. 

Whales,  Grompus,  Porkpisces,  Turbut,  Sturgion,  Cod,  *«he». 
Hake,   Haddocke,   Cole,    Cuske   or   small  Ling,  Sharke, 
Mackarell,    Herring,    Mullit,    Base,    Pinnacks,    Cunners, 
Pearch,  Eeles,  Crabs,  Lobsters,  Mustels,  Wilks,  Oisters, 
Clamps,  Periwinkels,  and  diuers  others,  &c. 

Moos,  a  beast  bigger  than  a  Stag,  Deare  red  and  fallow,   Beasts- 
Beuers,  Wolues,  Foxes  both  blacke  and  other,  Aroughcunds, 
wilde  Cats,  Beares,  Otters,  Martins,  Fitches,  Musquassus, 
and  diuers  other  sorts  of  Vermin  whose  names  I  know  not. 

All  these  and  diuers  other  good  things  doe  here 
for  want  of  vse  still  increase  and  decrease  with  little 
diminution,  whereby  they  grow  to  that  abundance,  you 
shall  scarce  finde  any  bay,  shallow  shore  or  Coue  of  sand, 
where  you  may  not  take  many  clamps  or  Lobsters,  or 
both  at  your  pleasure,  and  in  many  places  load  your  Boat 
if  you  please ;  nor  lies  where  you  finde  not  Fruits,  Birds, 
Crabs,  and  Mustels,  or  all  of  them  ;  for  taking  at  a  low 
water  Cod,  Cuske,  Hollibut,  Scate,  Turbit,  Mackarell,  or 
such   like  are   taken   plentifully  in  diuers   sandy  Bayes, 

46 


722  Generall  Observations.         Lib.  6.  [^6^m 

[1614]  store  of  Mullit,  Bases,  and  diuers  other  sorts  of  such 
[>.ao8.j  excellent  fish  as  many  as  their  Net  can  hold:  no  Riuer 
where  there  is  not  plenty  of  Sturgion,  or  Salmon,  or  both, 
all  which  are  to  be  had  in  abundance  obseruing  but  their 
seasons  :  but  if  a  man  will  goe  at  Christmas  to  gather 
Cherries  in  Kent,  though  there  be  plenty  in  Summer,  he 
may  be  deceiued ;  so  here  these  plenties  haue  each  their 
seasons,  as  I  haue  expressed. 

We  for  the  most  part  had  little  but  bread  and  Vinegar,  and 
though,  the  most  part  of  Iuly  when  the  fishing  decayed, 
they  wrought  all  day,  lay  abroad  in  the  lies  all  night,  and 
liued  on  what  they  found,  yet  were  not  sicke.  But  I  would 
wish  none  long  [to]  put  himselfe  to  such  plunges,  except 
necessity  constraine  it:  yet  worthy  is  that  person  to  starue 
that  here  cannot  Hue  if  he  haue  seuse,  strength  and  health, 
for  there  is  no  such  penury  of  these  blessings  in  any  place 
but  that  one  hundred  men  may  in  two  or  three  houres  make 
their  prouisions  for  a  day,  and  he  that  hath  experience 
to  manage  these  affaires,  with  forty  or  thirty  honest  in- 
dustrious men,  might  well  vndertake  (if  they  dwell  in 
these  parts)  to  subiect  the  Saluages,  and  feed  daily  two 
or  three  hundred  men,  with  as  good  Come,  Fish,  and 
Flesh  as  the  earth  hath  of  those  kinds,  and  yet  make 
that  labour  but  their  pleasure :  prouided  that  they  haue 
Engines  that  be  proper  for  their  purposes. 

iJITlhit'  Who  can  desire  more  content  that  hath  small  meanes,  or 
haue  great  but  onely  his  merit  to  aduance  his  fortunes,  then  to  tread  and 
SI3i,and  plant  that  ground  he  hath  purchased  by  the  hazard  of  his 
life  ;  if  hee  haue  but  the  taste  of  vertue  and  magnanimity, 
what  to  such  a  minde  can  bee  more  pleasant  then  planting 
and  building  a  foundation  for  his  posterity,  got  from  the 
rude  earth  by  Gods  blessing  and  his  [217]  owne  industry 
without  preiudice  to  any ;  if  hee  haue  any  graine  of  faith 
or  zeale  in  Religion,  what  can  he  doe  lesse  hurtfull  to  any, 
or  more  agreeable  to  God,  then  to  seeke  to  conuert  those 
poore  Saluages  to  know  Christ  and  humanity,  whose 
labours  with  discretion  will  triple  requite  thy  charge  and 
paine ;  what  so  truly  su[i]tes  with  honour  and  honesty,  as 
the  discouering  things  vnknowne,  erecting  Townes,  peopling 
Countries,  informing  the  ignorant,  reforming  things  vniust, 


meanes. 


?-i6jinfS:]  Lib.  6.         Generall  Obseruations.  723 

teaching  vertue  and  gaine  to  our  natiue  mother  Country       [1616] 
a  Kingdome  to  attend  her,  finde  imploiment  for  those  that  \p.  209.] 
are  idle,  because  they  know  not  what  to  doe :  so  farre  from 
wronging  any,  as  to  cause  posterity  to  remember  thee ;  and 
remembring  thee,euerhonourthat  remembrance  with  praise. 

Consider  what  were  the  beginnings  and  endings  of  the 
Monarchies  of  the  Chaldeans,  the  Syrians,  the  Grecians 
and  Romans,  but  this  one  rule;  what  was  it  they 
would  not  doe  for  the  good  of  their  common  weale,  or 
their  mother  City  ?  For  example :  Rome,  what  made  her 
such  a  Monarchesse,  but  onely  the  aduentures  of  her 
youth,  not  in  riots  at  home,  but  in  dangers  abroad ;  and 
the  iustice  and  iudgement  out  of  their  experiences,  when 
they  grew  aged :  what  was  their  ruine  and  hurt  but  this, 
the  excesse  of  idlenesse,  the  fondnesse  of  parents,  the  want 
of  experience  in  Maiestrates,  the  admiration  of  their  vn- 
deserued  honours,  the  contempt  of  true  merit,  their  vniust 
iealousies,  their  politike  incredulities,  their  hypocriticall 
seeming  goodnesse  and  their  deeds  of  secret  lewdnesse ; 
finally  in  fine,  growing  onely  formall  temporists,  all  that 
their  Predecessors  got  in  many  yeeres  they  lost  in  a  few 
daies :  those  by  their  paines  and  vertues  became  Lords  of 
the  world,  they  by  their  ease  and  vices  became  slaues  to 
their  seruants ;  this  is  the  difference  betwixt  the  vse  of 
armes  in  the  field  and  on  the  monuments  of  stones,  the 
golden  age  and  the  leaden  age,  prosperity  and  misery, 
iustice  and  corruption,  substance  and  shadowes,  words  and 
deeds,  experience  and  imagination,  making  common  weales 
and  marring  common  weales,  the  fruits  of  vertue  and  the 
conclusions  of  vice. 

Then  who  would  Hue  at  home  idly,  or  thinke  in  himselfe 
any  worth  to  Hue,  onely  to  eat,  drinke  and  sleepe,  and  so 
die ;  or  by  consuming  that  carelesly ,  his  friends  got  worthily ; 
or  by  vsing  that  miserably  that  maintained  vertue  honestly; 
or  for  being  descended  nobly,  and  pine  with  the  vaine 
vaunt  of  great  kindred  in  penury ;  or  to  maintaine  a  silly 
shew  of  brauery,  toile  out  thy  heart,  soule  and  time 
basely,  by  shifts,  tricks,  Cards  and  Dice ;  or  by  relating 
newes  of  other  mens  actions,  sharke  here  and  there  for  a 
dinner  or  supper;  deceiuethy  friends  by  faire  promises  and 
dissimulation,  in  borrowing  where  thou  neuer  meanest  to 


724  Generall  Obseruations.       Lib.  6.  Q.,6jL2*l5: 

[1616]  pay;  offend  the  Lawes,  surfet  with  excesse,  burthen  thy 
[/».  aio.]  Countrie,  abuse  thy  selfe,  despaire  in  want,  and  then  cousen 
thy  Kindred,  yea  euen  thy  owne  brother,  and  wish  thy  Parents 
death  (I  will  not  say  damnation)  to  haue  their  estates:  though 
thou  seest  what  honours  and  rewards  the  world  yet  hath 
for  them  that  will  seeke  them  and  worthily  deserue  them. 
I  would  bee  sorry  to  offend,  or  that  any  should  mistake 
my  honest  meaning ;  for  I  wish  good  to  all,  hurt  to  none : 
but  rich  men  for  the  most  part  are  growne  to  that  dotage 
through  their  pride  in  their  wealth,  as  though  there  were 
no  accident  could  end  it  or  their  life. 

And  what  hellish  care  doe  such  take  to  make  it  their 
owne  misery  and  their  Countries  spoile,  especially  when 
there  is  most  need  of  their  imploiment,  drawing  by  all 
manner  of  inuentions  from  the  Prince  and  his  honest  Sub- 
iects,  euen  the  vitall  spirits  of  their  powers  and  estates  : 
as  if  their  baggs  or  brags  were  so  powerfull  a  defence,  the 
malicious  could  not  assault  them,  when  they  are  the  onely 
bait  to  cause  vs  not  onely  to  bee  assaulted,  but  betrayed 
and  murthered  in  our  owne  security  ere  wee  will  perceiue 
it.  [218] 
An  example  May  not  the  miserable  ruine  of  Constantinople,  their  im- 
wuctoit  pregnable  walls,  riches  and  pleasures  [at]  last  taken  by  the 
nesse.  Turke,  which  were  then  but  a  bit  in  comparison  of  their 
mightinesse  now,  remember  vs  of  the  effects  of  priuate 
couetousnesse;  at  which  time  the  good  Emperour  held 
himselfe  rich  enough,  to  haue  such  rich  subiects,  soformall 
in  all  excesse  of  vanity,  all  kinde  of  delicacy  and  prodi- 
gality :  his  pouerty  when  the  Turke  besieged  the  Citizens 
(whose  merchandizing  thoughts  were  onely  to  get  wealth) 
little  conceiuing  the  desperat  resolution  of  a  valiant  expert 
enemy,  left  the  Emperour  so  long  to  his  conclusions, 
hauing  spent  all  he  had  to  pay  his  young  raw  discontented 
Souldiers,  that  suddenly  he,  they,  and  their  City  were  all 
a  prey  to  the  deuouring  Turke,  and  what  they  would  not 
spare  for  the  maintenance  of  them  who  aduentured  their 
Hues  to  defend  them,  did  serue  onely  their  enemies  to 
torment  them,  their  friends  and  Country,  and  all  Christen- 
dome  to  this  present  day.  Let  this  lamentable  example 
remember  you  that  are  rich  (seeing  there  are  such  great 
theeues  in  the  world  to  rob  you)  not  [to]  grudge  to  lend  some 


3-i6juneST65j  Lib.  6.  Getierall  Obseruations.  725 

proportion  to  breed  them  that  haue  little,  yet  willing  to      [1616: 
learne  how  to  defend  you,  for  it  is  too  late  when  the  deed  t>.  m.i 
is  doing. 

The  Romans  estate  hath  beene  worse  then  this,  for  the 
meere  couetousnesse  and  extortion  of  a  few  of  them  so 
moued  the  rest,  that  not  hauing  any  imploiment  but  con- 
templation, their  great  iudgements  grew  to  so  great  malice, 
as  themselues  were  sufficient  to  destroy  themselues  by 
faction  ;  let  this  moueyou  to  imbrace  imployment  for  those 
whose  educations,  spirits  and  iudgements  want  but  your 
purses,  not  only  to  preuent  such  accustomed  dangers,  but 
also  to  gaine  more  thereby  then  you  haue. 

And  you  fathers  that  are  either  so  foolishly  fond,  or  so 
miserably  couetous,  or  so  wilfully  ignorant,  or  so  negligently 
carelesse,  as  that  you  will  rather  maintaine  your  children  in 
idle  wantonnesse  till  they  grow  your  masters ;  or  become  so 
basely  vnkinde  that  they  wish  nothing  but  your  deaths;  so 
that  both  sorts  grow  dissolute ;  and  although  you  would  wish 
them  any  where  to  escape  the  Gallowes  and  ease  your 
cares;  though  they  spend  you  here  one,  two  or  three 
hundred  pound[s]  a  yeere ;  you  would  grudge  to  giue  halfe 
so  much  in  aduenture  with  them  to  obtaine  an  estate, 
which  in  a  small  time,  but  with  a  little  assistance  of  your 
prouidence,  might  bee  better  then  your  owne.  But  if  an 
Angell  should  tell  you  [that]  any  place  yet  vnknowne,  can 
affoord  such  fortunes,  you  would  not  beleeue  it,  no  more 
then  Columbus  was  beleeued  there  was  any  such  land  as  is 
now  the  well  knowne  abounding  A merica,  might  lesse  such 
large  Regions  as  are  yet  vnknowne,  as  well  in  America,  as 
in  Africa  and  Asia,  and  Terra  incognita. 

I  haue  not  beene  so  ill  bred  but  I  haue  tasted  of  plenty  The 
and  pleasure,  as  well  as  want  and  misery ;  nor  doth  neces-  £idE£ns. 
sity  yet,   or  occasion   of  discontent   rorce   me  to  these 
endeuours  ;  nor  am  I  ignorant  what  small  thankes  I  shall 
haue  for  my  paines,  or  that  many  would  haue  the  world 
imagine  them  to  bee  of  great  iudgement,  that  can  but 
blemish  these  my  designes,  by  their  witty  obiections  and 
detractions:  yet  (I  hope)  my  reasons  with  my  deeds  will  so   y.«»J 
preuaile  with  some,  that  I  shall  not  want  imploiment  in 
these   affaires,   to  make  the  most   blinde  see  his  owne 


726  The  reasons  for  a  Plantation.     Lib.  6.  [3_l6JJ 


Smith, 
le  1616. 


[1616]  senselesnesse  and  incredulity,  hoping  that  gaine  will  make 
them  affect  that  which  Religion,  Charity  and  the  common 
good  cannot.  It  were  but  a  poore  deuice  in  mee  to  deceiue 
my  selfe,  much  more  the  King  and  State,  my  Friends  and 
Country,  with  these  inducements :  which  seeing  his  Maiesty 
hath  giuen  permission,  I  wish  all  sorts  of  worthy  honest 
industrious  spirits  would  vnderstand,  and  if  they  desire 
any  further  satisfaction,  I  will  doe  my  best  to  giue  it,  not 
to  perswade  them  to  goe  onely,  but  goe  with  them ;  not 
leaue  them  there,  but  Hue  with  them  there. 

I  will  not  say  but  by  ill  prouiding  and  vndue  managing, 
such  courses  may  bee  taken  [that]  may  make  vs  miserable 
enough:  but  if  I  may  haue  the  execution  of  what  I  haue 
proiected,  if  they  [219]  want  to  eat,  let  them  eat  or  neuer 
disgest  mee.  If  I  performe  what  I  say,  I  desire  but  that 
reward  out  of  the  gaines  [which]  may  su[i]te  my  paines, 
quality  and  condition ;  and  if  I  abuse  you  with  my  tongue, 
take  my  head  for  satisfaction.  If  any  dislike  at  the  yeeres 
end,  defraying  their  charge,  by  my  consent  they  should 
freely  returne ;  I  feare  not  want  of  company  sufficient,  were 
it  but  knowne  what  I  know  of  these  Countries;  and  by  the 
proofe  of  that  wealth  I  hope  yeerely  to  returne,  if  God  please 
to  blesse  me  from  such  accidents  as  are  beyond  my  power 
in  reason  to  preuent ;  for  I  am  not  so  simple  to  thinke  that 

\p.  9*8.]  euer  any  other  motiue  then  wealth  will  euer  erect  there  a 
common  wealth,ordraw  company  fromtheireaseandhumors 
at  home,  to  stay  in  New-England  to  effect  my  purposes. 

^uJS'*"     ^nc*  *est  any  snou^  thinke  the  toile  might  be  insupport- 

LTprofit.  able,  though  these  things  may  bee  had  by  labour  and  dili- 
gence; I  assure  my  selfe  there  are  who  delight  extremely  in 
vaine  pleasure,  that  take  much  more  paines  in  England  to 
enioy  it,  then  I  should  doe  here  [New  England]  to  gaine 
wealth  sufficient,  and  yet  I  thinke  they  should  not  haue  halfe 
such  sweet  content:  for  our  pleasure  here  is  still  gaines,  in 
England  charges  and  losse ;  here  nature  and  liberty  affoords 

I/.  »i3.]  vs  that  freely  which  in  England  we  want,  or  it  costeth  vs 
deerely.  What  pleasure  can  bee  more  then  being  tired 
with  any  occasion  a  shore,  in  planting  Vines,  Fruits,  or 
Herbes,  in  contriuing  their  owne  grounds  to  the  pleasure 
of  their  owne  minds,  their  Fields,  Gardens,  Orchards, 
Buildings,   Ships,   and    other  workes,    &c.    to    recreate 


3-i6  junkie*.]  Lib.  6.      The  reasons  for  a  Plantation.  727 

themselues  before  their  owne  doores  in  their  owne  Boats  [1616] 
vpon  the  Sea,  where  man,  woman  and  childe,  with  a  small 
hooke  and  line,  by  angling  may  take  diuers  sorts  of 
excellent  Fish  at  their  pleasures;  and  is  it  not  pretty 
sport  to  pull  vp  two  pence,  six  pence,  and  twelue  pence,  as 
fast  as  you  can  ha[u]le  and  vere  a  line ;  hee  is  a  very  bad 
Fisher  [that]  cannot  kill  in  one  day  with  his  hooke  and 
line  one,  two,  or  three  hundred  Cods,  which  dressed  and 
dryed,  if  they  bee  sold  there  for  ten  shillings  a  hundred, 
though  in  England  they  will  giue  more  then  twenty,  may 
not  both  seruant,  master  and  Merchant  be  well  content 
with  this  gaine  ?  if  a  man  worke  but  three  daies  in  seuen, 
hee  may  get  more  then  hee  can  spend  vnlesse  hee  will  bee 
exceedingly  excessiue.  Now  that  Carpenter,  Mason, 
Gardiner,  Tailer,  Smith,  Sailer,  Forger,  or  what  other, 
may  they  not  make  this  a  pretty  recreation,  though  they 
fish  but  an  houre  in  a  day,  to  take  more  then  they  can  eat  in 
a  weeke  ;  or  if  they  will  not  eat  it,  because  there  is  so  much 
better  choise,  yet  sell  it  or  change  it  with  the  Fisher-men 
or  Merchants  for  any  thing  you  want ;  and  what  sport  doth 
yeeld  a  more  pleasing  content,  and  lesse  hurt  and  charge 
then  angling  with  a  hooke,  and  crossing  the  sweet  aire  from 
He  to  He,  ouer  the  silent  streames  of  a  calme  Sea ;  wherein 
the  most  curious  may  finde  profit,  pleasure  and  content. 

Thus  though  all  men  be  not  fishers,  yet  all  men  what- 
soeuer  may  in  other  matters  doe  as  well,  for  necessity  doth 
in  these  cases  so  rule  a  common  wealth,  and  each  in  their 
seuerall  functions,  as  their  labours  in  their  qualities  may  be 
as  profitable  because  there  is  a  necessary  mutuall  vse  of  all. 

For  Gentlemen,  what  exercise  should  more  delight  them  Jjgjj1^ 
then  ranging  daily  these  vnknowne  parts,  vsing  fowling  Gentlemen 
and  fishing  for  hunting  and  hawking,  and  yet  you  shall  see 
the  wilde  Hawkes  giue  you  some  pleasure  in  seeing  them 
stoupe  six  or  seuen  times  after  one  another  an  houre  or 
two  together,  at  the  skulls  of  Fish  in  the  faire  Harbours, 
as  those  a  shore  at  a  fowle  ;  and  neuer  trouble  nor  torment  \p.  W4-1 
your  selues  with  watching,  mewing,  feeding,  and  attending 
them,  nor  kill  horse  and  man  with  running  and  crying, 
See  you  not  a  Hawke :  for  hunting  also,  the  Woods,  Lakes 
and  Riuers  affoord  not  onely  chase  sufficient  for  any  that 
delights  in  that  kinde  of  toile  or  pleasure,  but  such  beasts 


728     How  New  England  is  more  proper  for  the 


r  J.  Smith. 

L3-16  June  1616. 


[1616] 


Imploi- 
ments  for 
Labourers. 


to  hunt,  that  besides  the  delicacie  of  their  bodies  for  food, 
their  skinnes  are  so  rich,  as  they  will  recompence  thy 
daily  labour  with  a  Captaines  pay.  [220] 

For  Labourers,  if  those  that  sow  Hempe,  Rape,  Turnups, 
Parsnips,  Carrats,  Cabidge,  and  such  like ;  giue  twentie, 
thirtie,  fortie,  fiftie  shillings  yeerely  for  an  Acre  of  Land; 
and  meat,  drinke,  and  wages  to  vse  it,  and  yet  grow  rich : 
when  better,  or  at  least  as  good  ground  may  bee  had  and 
cost  nothing  but  labour ;  it  seemes  strange  to  me  any  such 
should  grow  poore. 

My  purpose  is  not  to  perswade  children  from  their 
parents,  men  from  their  wiues,  nor  seruants  from  their 
masters ;  onely  such  as  with  free  consent  may  bee  spared : 
but  that  each  Parish,  or  Village,  in  Citie,  or  Countrey, 
that  will  but  apparell  their  fatherlesse  children  of  thirteene 
or  fourteene  yeeres  of  age,  or  young  maried  people  that 
haue  small  wealth  to  Hue  on,  here  by  their  labour  may  Hue 
exceeding  well.  Prouided  alwaies,  that  first  there  be  a 
sufficient  power  to  command  them,  houses  to  receiue  them, 
meanes  to  defend  them,  and  meet  prouisions  for  them,  for 
[any]  place  may  be  ouer-laine :  and  it  is  most  necessary  to 
haue  a  fortresse  (ere  this  grow  to  practise)  and  sufficient 
masters  of  all  necessarie  mec[h]anicall  qualities,  to  take 
ten  or  twelue  of  them  for  Apprentises ;  the  Master  by  this 
may  quickly  grow  rich,  these  may  learne  their  trades  them- 
selues  to  doe  the  like,  to  a  generall  and  an  incredible  benefit 
for  King  and  Countrey,  Master  and  Seruant. 


Examples 
of  the 
Spaniards. 


[/■  215.) 


It  would  be  a  History  of  a  large  volume,  to  recite  the 
aduentures  of  the  Spaniards  and  Portngals,  their  affronts 
and  defeats,  their  dangers  and  miseries ;  which  with  such 
incomparable  honor,  and  constant  resolution,  so  farre 
beyond  beleefe,  they  haue  attempted  and  indured  in  their 
discoueries  and  plantations,  as  may  well  condemne  vs  of 
too  much  imbecillitie,  sloth,  and  negligence :  yet  the 
Authors  of  these  new  inuentions  were  held  as  ridiculous 
for  a  long  time,  as  now  are  others  that  doe  but  seeke  to 
imitate  their  vnparalleld  vertues.  And  though  we  see  daily 
their  mountaines  of  wealth  (sprung  from  the  Plants  of  their 
generous  indeuours)  yet  is  our  sensualitie  and  vnto- 
defaiimenu.  wardnesse  such,  and  so  great,  that  we  either  ignorantly 


The  causes 
of  our 


3-i6  jLlTeie'.]     benefit  of  England,  then  any  other  Nation.      729 

beleeue  nothing,  or  so  curiously  contest,  to  preuent  we  [1616] 
know  not  what  future  euents ;  that  we  either  so  neglect, 
or  oppresse  and  discourage  the  present,  as  wee  spoile  all 
in  the  making,  crop  all  in  the  blooming;  and  building  vpon 
faire  Sand  rather  then  vpon  rough  Rocks,  iudge  that  we 
know  not,  gouerne  that  wee  haue  not,  feare  that  which  is 
not ;  and  for  feare  some  should  doe  too  well,  force  such 
against  theiriwils  to  be  idle,  or  as  ill.  And  who  is  hee  [that] 
hath  iudgement,  courage,  and  any  industry  or  quality  with 
vnderstanding,  will  leaue  his  Country,  his  hopes  at  home, 
his  certaine  estate,  his  friends,  pleasures,  libertie,  and 
the  preferment  sweet  England  doth  affoord  to  all  degrees, 
were  it  not  to  aduance  his  fortunes  by  enioying  his  deserts, 
whose  prosperitie  once  appearing,  will  encourage  others : 
but  it  must  be  cherished  as  a  childe,  till  it  be  able  to  goe 
and  vnderstand  it  selfe,  and  not  corrected  nor  oppressed 
aboue  it[s]  strength,  ere  it  know  wherefore. 

A  childe  can  neither  performe  the  office  nor  deeds  of  a 
man  of  strength,  nor  endure  that  affliction  he  is  able :  nor 
can  an  Apprentise  at  the  first  performe  the  part  of  a  Master. 
And  if  twentie  yeeres  be  required  to  make  a  childe  a  man, 
seuen  yeeres  limited  an  Apprentise  for  his  trade :  if  scarce 
an  age  be  sufficient  to  make  a  wise  man  a  States-man,  and 
commonly  a  man  dies  ere  he  hath  learned  to  be  discreet ;  if 
perfection  be  so  hard  to  be  obtained,  as  of  necessitie  there 
must  be  Practice  as  well  as  Theoricke :  Let  no  man  then 
condemne  this  paradox  opinion,  to  say  that  halfe  seuen  yeres 
is  scarce  sufficient  for  a  good  capacitie  to  learne  in  these 
affaires  how  to  carrie  himselfe.  And  who  euer  shall  try  in 
these  remote  places  the  erecting  of  a  Colony,  shall  finde  at 
the  end  of  seuen  yeeres  occasion  enough  to  vse  all  his  dis- 
cretion: and  in  the  Interim,,  all  the  content,  rewards,  gaines,  \p.  216.1 
and  hopes,  will  be  necessarily  required,  to  be  giuen  to  the 
beginning,  till  it  be  able  to  creepe,  to  stand,  and  goe,  and  to 
encourage  desert  by  all  possible  meanes;  yet  time  enough  to 
keepe  it  from  running,  for  there  is  no  feare  it  will  grow  too 
fast,  or  euer  to  any  thing,  except  libertie,  profit,  honor,  and 
prosperitie  there  found,  more  binde  the  Planters  of  those 
affaires  in  deuotion  to  effect  it ;  then  bondage,  violence, 
tyrannie,  ingratitude,  and  such  double  dealing,  as  bindes 
free  men  to  become  slaues,  [221]  and  honest  men  turne 


730  How  New  England  is  more  proper,  &c.  Lib.  6.  [3-l6JJ 


Smith, 
une  1616. 


[1616]  knaues;  which  hath  euer  beene  the  mine  of  the  most 
popular  Common-weales,  and  is  very  vnlikely  euer  well  to 
begin  anew. 

2w£e  Who  seeth  not  what  is  the  greatest  good  of  the  Spaniard, 
but  these  new  conclusions  in  searching  those  vnknowne 
parts  of  this  vnknowne  world;  by  which  meanes  he  diues 
euen  into  the  very  secrets  of  all  his  neighbours,  and  the 
most  part  of  the  world ;  and  when  the  Portngals  and 
Spaniards  had  found  the  East  and  West-Indies,  how  many 
did  condemne  themselues,  that  did  not  accept  of  that  honest 
offer  of  Noble  Columbus,  who  vpon  our  neglect  brought 
them  to  it,  perswading  our  selues  the  world  had  no  such 
places  as  they  had  found  :  and  yet  euer  since  we  finde,  they 
still  (from  time  to  time)  haue  found  new  Lands,  new 
Nations,  and  Trades,  and  still  daily  doe  finde,  both  in 
Asia,  Affrica,  Terra  incognita,  and  America,  so  that  there 
is  neither  Souldier  nor  Mechanicke,  from  the  Lord  to  the 
Beggar,  but  those  parts  affoords  them  all  imploiment,  and 
discharges  their  natiue  soile  of  so  many  thousands  of  all 
sorts,  that  else  by  their  sloth,  pride,  and  imperfections, 
would  long  ere  this  haue  troubled  their  neighbours,  or  haue 
eaten  the  pride  of  Spaine  it  selfe. 

Now  hee  knowes  little  that  knowes  not  England  may  well 
spare  many  more  people  then  Spaine,  and  is  as  well  able 
to  furnish  them  with  all  manner  of  necessaries ;  and  seeing 
for  all  they  haue,  they  cease  not  still  to  search  for  that 
they  haue  not,  and  know  not ;  it  is  strange  we  should  be  so 
dull,  as  not  [to]  maintaine  that  which  we  haue,  and  pursue 
that  we  know. 

Surely,  I  am  sure  many  would  take  it  ill,  to  be  abridged 
of  the  titles  and  honors  of  their  predecessors;  when  if 
but  truly  they  would  iudge  themselues,  looke  how  inferior 

t/.«y.l  they  are  to  their  Noble  Vertues,  so  much  they  are  vn- 
worthy  of  their  honors  and  liuings,  which  neuer  were 
ordained  for  shewes  and  shadowes,  to  maintaine  idlenesse 
and  vice;  but  to  make  them  more  able  to  abound  in  honor, 
by  Heroicall  deeds  of  action,  iudgement,  pietie,  and  vertue. 
What  was  it  both  in  their  purse  and  person  they  would  not 
doe,  for  the  good  of  their  Common-wealth,  which  might 
moue  them  presently  to  set  out  their  spare  children  in 
these  generous  designes. 


a-iejunfT^:]     A  caueatfor  the  owners,  <2fc,  of  Shipping.     731 

Religion  aboue  all  things  should  moue  vs,  especially  the  [1615-6] 
Clergie,  if  we  are  religious,  to  shew  our  faith  by  our  works, 
in  conuerting  those  poore  Saluages  to  the  knowledge  of 
God,  seeing  what  paines  the  Spaniards  takes  to  bring  them 
to  their  adultered  faith.  Honour  might  moue  the  Gentry, 
the  valiant,  and  industrious ;  and  the  hope  and  assurance 
of  wealth,  all,  if  we  were  that  we  would  seeme,  and  be 
accounted  :  or  be  we  so  farre  inferior  to  other  Nations,  or 
our  spirits  so  farre  deiected  from  our  ancient  predicessors, 
or  our  mindes  so  vpon  spoile,  piracy,  and  such  villany,  as 
to  serue  the  Portugall,  Spaniard,  Dutch,  French,  or  Turke, 
(as  to  the  cost  of  Europe  too  many  doe)  rather  then  our 
God,  our  King,  our  Country,  and  our  selues;  excusing  our 
idlenesse  and  our  base  complaints  by  want  of  imploiment, 
when  here  is  such  choice  of  all  sorts,  and  for  all  degrees,  in 
the  planting  and  discouering  these  North  parts  of  America, 


My  second  voyage  to  New  England. 

>N  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  1615.  I  was  imploied  v0LSCe°Sd 
by  many  my  friends  of  London,  and  Sir  Ferdin-  New 
ando    Gorges,    a    noble    Knight,   and   a  great  fgf?'"* 
fauourer  of  those  actions,  who  perswaded  the 
reuerend   Deane   of  Exeter  Doctor  Sut\c\liffe,  and   diuers 
Merchants  of  the  West,  to  entertaine  this  Plantation. 

Much  labour  I  had  taken  to  bring  the  Londoners  and  them 
to  ioyne  together,  because  the  Londoners  haue  most  Money, 
and  the  Westerne  men  are  most  proper  for  fishing ;  and  it 
is  neere  as  much  trouble,  but  much  more  danger,  to  saile 
from  London  to  Plimoth,  then  from  Plimoth  to  New  England, 
so  that  halfe  the  voiage  would  thus  be  saued :  yet  by  no 
meanes  I  could  preuaile,  so  desirous  they  were  both  to  be 
Lords  of  this  fishing. 

Now  to  make  my  words  more  apparant  by  my  deeds,  to 
begin  a  Plantation  [222]  for  a  more  ample  triall  of  those 
conclusions,  I  was  to  haue  staied  there  but  with  sixteene 
men,  whose  names  were ; 


732 


A  caueat  for  the  owners  and      Lib.  6.  \ 


J.  Smith. 
.3-16  June  i6ifi. 


[1615]       Thos.  Dinner. 
ipp  223,258,  Edw.  S tailings. 

736.746.747O    |-s  •    7    ^  & 

Darnel  Cage. 
Francis  Abbot. 

John  Gosling. 
William  Ingram. 
Dauid  Cooper. 
John  Partridge. 


^Gent. 


Souldiers. 


Thomas  Digby.  ] 
Daniel  Baker. 
Adam  Smith. 
Tho.  Watson. 
Walter  Chisell. 
Robert  Miller. 
And  two 
Boyes 


were  to 
learne 
to  be 
Sailers. 


The  ground 
and  plot 
for  our 
plantation. 

IPP-  747, 
754,  757-] 


p-  «8.i  I  confesse  I  could  haue  wished  them  as  many  thousands, 

had  all  other  prouisions  beene  in  like  proportion ;  nor  would 
I  haue  had  so  few,  could  I  haue  had  means  for  more :  yet 
would  God  haue  pleased  we  had  safely  arriued,  I  doubted 
not  but  to  haue  performed  more  then  I  promised,  and  that 
many  thousands  ere  this  would  haue  bin  there  ere  now. 
The  maine  assistance  next  God  I  had  to  this  small  number, 
was  my  acquaintance  amongst  the  Saluages,  especially  with 
Dohoday,  one  of  their  greatest  Lords,  who  had  liued  long  in 
England  (and  another  called  Tantum,  I  [had]  caried  with  mee 
from  England,  and  set  on  shore  at  Cape  Cod) ;  by  the  meanes 
of  this  proud  Saluage,  I  did  not  doubt  but  quickly  to  haue 
got  that  credit  amongst  the  rest  of  the  Saluages  and  their 
alliance,  to  haue  had  as  many  of  them  as  I  desired  in  any 
designe  I  intended,  and  that  trade  also  they  had  by  such  a 
kinde  of  exchange  of  their  Countrey  Commodities,  which 
both  with  ease  and  securitie  might  then  haue  beene  vsed. 

[/.205.]  With  him  and  diuers  others,  I  had  concluded  to  inhabit 

and  defend  them  against  the  Tarentines,  with  a  better 
power  then  the  French  did  them ;  whose  tyrannie  did 
inforce  them  to  embrace  my  offer  with  no  small  deuotion. 

And  though  many  may  think  me  more  bold  then  wise,  in 
regard  of  their  power,  dexteritie,  treachery,  and  inconstancy, 
l/y. 607,701.]  hauing  so  desperately  assaulted  and  betraied  many  others; 
I  say  but  this  (because  with  so  many,  I  haue  many 
times  done  much  more  in  Virginia  then  I  intended  here, 
when  I  wanted  that  experience  Virginia  taught  mee)  that 
to  me  it  seemes  no  more  danger  then  ordinary:  and 
though  I  know  my  selfe  [to  be]  the  meanest  of  many 
thousands,  whose  apprehensiue  inspection  can  pierce 
beyond  the  bounds  of  my  abilities,  into  the  hidden  things 
of  Nature,  Art,  and  Reason:  yet  I  intreat  such,  [to]  giue 


J.  Smith."] 
5-16  June  1616.J 


Lib.  6.        setters  forth  of  shipping. 


733 


vsed  to 
preuent  it 
and  me. 

IPP-  219. 
700.] 


mee  leaue  to  excuse  my  selfe  of  so  much  imbecillitie,  as  to  [1614-5] 
say,  that  in  these  eighteene  yeeres  [1606-1624]  which  I  haue 
beene  conuersant  with  these  affaires,  I  haue  not  learned, 
there  is  a  great  difference  betwixt  the  directions  and  iudge- 
ment  of  experimentall  knowledge,  and  the  superficiall  con- 
iecture  of  variable  relation :  wherein  rumour,  humour,  or 
misprision  haue  such  power,  that  oft  times  one  is  enough 
to  beguile  twentie,  but  twentie  not  sufficient  to  keepe  one 
from  being  deceiued.  Therefore  I  know  no  reason  but  to 
beleeue  my  owne  eies  before  any  mans  imagination,  that 
is  but  wrested  from  the  conceits  of  my  owne  proiects  and 
endeuours,  but  I  honor  with  all  affection,  the  counsell  and 
instructions  of  iudiciall  directions,  or  any  other  honest 
aduertisement,  so  farre  to  obserue,  as  they  tie  me  not  to 
the  crueltie  of  vnknowne  euents. 

These  are  the  inducements  that  thus  drew  me  to  neglect  Themeanes 
all  other  imploiments,  and  spend  my  time  and  best  abilities 
in  these  aduentures,  wherein  though  I  haue  had  many  dis- 
couragements, by  the  ingratitude  of  some,  the  malicious 
slanders  of  others,  the  falsenesse  of  friends,  the  treachery 
of  cowards,  and  slownesse  of  Aduenturers. 

Now  you  are  to  remember,  as  I  returned  first  from  New  ^uland' 
England  at  Plimoth,  I  was  promised  foure  good  ships  ready  returned. 
prepared  to  my  hand  the  next  Christmas,  and  what  con- 
ditions and  content  I  would  desire,  to  put  this  businesse  in 
practise,  and  arriuing  at  London,  foure  more  were  offered 
me  with  the  like  courtesie.     But  to  ioyne  the  Londoners  and 
them  in  one,  was  most  impossible  ;  so  that  in  Ianuary  [1615] 
with  two  hundred  pound  in  Cash  for  aduenture,  and  six 
Gentlemen  well  furnished,  I  went  from  London  to  the  foure 
ships  were  promised  me  at  Plimoth,  but  I  found  no  such 
matter :  and  the  most  of  those  that  had  made  such  great 
promises,  by  the  bad  returne  of  the  ship  [that]  went  for  Gold,  tA  701.] 
and  their  priuate  emulations,  were  extinct  and  qualified. 

Notwithstanding  at  last,  with  a  labyrinth  of  trouble, 
though  the  [223]  greatest  of  the  burden  lay  on  me,  and  a  few 
of  my  particular  friends,  I  was  furnished  with  a  ship  of  two  \p.  221.J 
hundred  tunnes,  and  another  of  fiftie.  But  ere  I  had  sailed 
one  hundred  and  twentie  leagues,  she  brake  all  her  Masts, 
pumping  each  watch  fiue  or  six  thousand  strokes ;  onely 
her  spret-saile  remained  to  spoone  before  the  winde,  till 


734  The  examination  of  Lib.  6.  [i>  Baker. 

[1615]      we  had  re-accommodated  a  Iury-mast  to  returne  for  Plimoth, 

or  founder  in  the  Seas. 

My  Vice-Admirall  being  lost    [i.e.,  lost    sight  of],  not 

knowing  of  this,  proceeded  [on]  her  voyage. 
Myreim-         Now  with  the  remainder  of  those  prouisions,  I  got  out 

barkement,  .  .  n     t-»       i  r       •     .  •        .  •    i         ,    .       ° 

encounter     againe  in  a  small  Barke  of  sixtie  tuns  with  thirty  men ; 
Tnd'impA-5'  for  this  of  two  hundred  [tuns],  and  prouision  for  seuentie  : 
the  Trench.  which  were  the  sixteene  before  named  [pp.  217,  732],  and 
foureteene  other  Sailers  for  the  ship. 

With  those  I  set  saile  againe  the  foure  and  twentieth  of 
Iune  [1615].  Where  what  befell  me  (because  my  actions 
and  writings  are  so  publike  to  the  world)  enuy  still  seeking 
to  scandalize  my  endeuours,  and  seeing  no  power  but  death 
can  stop  the  chat  of  ill  tongues,  nor  imagination  of  mens 
minds,  lest  my  owne  relations  of  those  hard  euents  might 
by  some  constructors  bee  made  doubtfull,  I  haue  thought 
it  best  to  insert  the  examinations  of  those  proceedings, 
taken  by  Sir  Lewis  Stukeley,  a  worthy  Knight,  and  Vice- 
Admirall  of  Deuonshire,  which  was  as  followeth. 


The  'Examination  c/'Daniel  Baker,  late  Steward  to 

Captaine  Iohn  Smith,  in  there  turne  of  Plimoth, 

taken  before  Sir  Lewis  Stukeley  Knight, 

the  eighth  of  December,  161 5. 

HE  effect  in  briefe  was  this:  being  chased 
by  one  Fry  an  English  Pirat,  Edward 
Chambers  the  Master,  Iohn  Miller  his  Mate, 
Thomas  Digby  the  Pylot,  and  diuers  others 
importuned  him  to  yeeld ;  much  swaggering  wee  had 
with  them,  more  then  the  Pirats :  who  agreed  vpon 
such  faire  conditions  as  we  desired,  which  if  they 
broke,  he  vowed  to  sinke  rather  then  be  abused. 
Strange  they  thought  it,  that  a  Barke  of  threescore 
tuns  with  foure  guns  should  stand  vpon  such  termes, 
they  being  eightie  expert  Sea-men,  in  an  excellent  ship 
of  one  hundred  and  fortie  tuns,  and  thirty  six  cast 
Peeces  and  Murderers. 


t-rfj&SSM   Lib-  6.     Captaine  Smiths  Company,  735 

But  when  they  knew  our  Captaine,  so  many  of  [1615] 
them  had  beene  his  Souldiers,  and  they  but  lately 
runne  from  Tunis,  where  they  had  stolne  this  ship, 
wanted  victuall,  and  in  combustion  amongst  them- 
selues,  would  haue  yeelded  all  to  his  protection,  or 
wafted  vs  any  whither:  but  those  mutinies  occa- 
sioned vs  to  reiect  their  offer,  which  afterward  we  all 
repented. 

For  at  Fiall  we  met  two  French  Pirats,  the  one  of 
two  hundred  tuns,  the  other  thirty :  no  disgrace  would 
cause  our  mutiners  [to]  fight,  till  the  Captaine  offered  to 
blow  vp  the  ship  rather  then  yeeld,  till  hee  had  spent 
all  his  powder :  so  that  together  by  the  eares  we  went, 
and  at  last  got  cleere  of  them  for  all  their  shot. 

At  Flowers  we  were  againe  chased  with  foure  French 
men  of  warre,  the  Admirall  one  hundred  and  fortie 
tuns,  and  ninety  men  well  armed ;  the  rest  good  ships, 
and  as  well  prouided  :  much  parly  we  had,  but  vowing 
they  were  Rochilers,  and  had  a  Commission  from  the 
King  onely  to  secure  true  men,  and  take  Portugals, 
Spaniards,  and  Pirats,  and  as  they  requested,  our 
Captaine  went  to  shew  his  Commission,  which  was 
vnder  the  broad  Seale  ;  but  neither  it  nor  their  vowes 
they  so  much  respected,  but  they  kept  him,  rifled  our 
ship,  manned  her  with  French  men,  and  dispersed  vs 
amongst  their  Fleet.  Within  fiue  or  six  daies  thoy 
were  increased  to  eight  or  nine  saile. 

At  last  they  surrendred  vs  our  ship,  and  most  of  our 
prouisions  ;  the  defects  they  promised  the  next  day  to 
supply,  and  did.  Notwithstanding,  there  was  no  way 
but  our  mutiners  would  for  England,  though  we  were 
as  neere  New  England ;  till  the  major  part  resolued 
with  our  Captaine  to  proceed. 

But  the  Admirall  sending  his  Boat  for  our  Captaine, 
they  espying  a  Saile,  presently  gaue  chase;  whereby  our 
mutiners  finding  an  opportunitie  in  the  night  ran  away, 
and  thus  left  our  Captaine  in  his  Cap,  Bretches,  and 
Wastcoat,  alone  among  the  French  men :  his  clothes, 
armes,  and  what  he  had,  our  mutiners  shared  among 
them,  and  with  a  false  excuse,  faining  [224]  for  feare 
lest  he  should  turne  man  of  warre,  they  returned  for 


736  His  proceedings  among         Lib.  6.  [^6J&*2£: 

[1615]  Plimoth:  fifteene  of  vs  being  Land-men,  not  knowing 

what  they  did. 

i/-  my)  Daniel  Cage,  Edward  Stalings,  Walter  Chisell, 

Dauid  Cooper,  Robert  Miller,  and  lohn 
Partridge,  vpon  oath  affirmes  this  for  truth 
before  the  Vice-Admirall. 

A  double 

treachery.        ^g^^  ^^^ 

Ow  the  cause  why  the  French  detained  mee 
againe,  was  the  suspition  this  Chambers  and 
M inter  gaue  them,  that  I  would  reuenge  my 
selfe  vpon  the  Banke,  or  in  Newfound  land,  of  all 
the  French  I  could  there  encounter;  and  how  I  would  haue 
fired  the  ship,  had  they  not  ouer-perswaded  me  :  and  that  if 
I  had  but  againe  my  Armes,  I  would  rather  sinke  by  them, 
then  they  should  haue  from  me  but  the  value  of  a  Bisket ; 
and  many  other  such  like  tales  to  catch  but  opportunitie  in 
this  manner  to  leaue  me,  and  thus  they  returned  to  Plimoth, 
and  perforce  with  the  French  men  I  thus  proceeded. 

^French       Being  a  fleet  of  eight  or   nine   saile,  we  watched   for 

men  of  war,  the    West-Indies  fleet,  till  ill  weather   separated  vs  from 

wUhlfe15     the  other  eight :  still  wee  spent  our  time  about  the  lies 

Spaniard.      0f  fae  Assores,  where   to   keepe   my  perplexed  thoughts 

from  too  much  meditation  of  my  miserable  estate,  I  writ 

this   Discourse,  thinking  to  haue  sent  it  to  you  of  his 

Maiesties  Councell  by  some  ship  or  other,  for  I  saw  their 

purpose  was  to  take  all  they  could. 

At  last  we  were  chased  by  one  Captaine  Barra,  an 
English  Pirat  in  a  small  ship,  with  some  twelue  Peece[s] 
of  Ordnance,  about  thirty  men,  and  neere  all  starued. 
They  sought  by  courtesie  releefe  of  vs,  who  gaue  them 
Buch  faire  promises,  as  at  last  they  betraied  Captaine 
Wollistone  his  Lieutenant,  and  foure  or  fiue  of  his  men 
aboord  vs,  and  then  prouided  to  take  the  rest  perforce. 

Now  my  part  was  to  be  prisoner  in  the  Gun-roome,  and 
not  to  speake  to  any  of  them  vpon  my  life  ;  yet  had  Barra 
knowledge  what  I  was.  Then  Barra  perceiuing  well  those 
^rench  intents,  made   ready  to   fight,  and  Wollistone  as 


J.  Smith.! 
3-16  June  1616.J 


Lib.  6.         the  French  men  of  zvarre. 


737 


A  prise  of 
Fish. 


A  Scotch 
prise. 
0.  225.] 


resolutely  regarded  not  their  threats,  which  caused  vs  [to]       [1615] 
demurre  vpon  the  matter  longer  some  sixteene  houres,  and 
then  returned  them  againe  Captaine  Wollistone  and  all  their 
Prisoners,  and  some  victuall  also  vpon  a  small  composition. 

But  whilest  we  were  bartering  thus  with  them ;  a 
Caruill  before  our  faces  got  vnder  the  Castle  of  Gratiasa, 
from  whence  they  beat  vs  with  their  Ordnance. 

The  next  wee  tooke  was  a  small  English  man  of  Poole 
from  New  found  land  :  the  great  Cabben  at  this  present  was 
my  prison,  from  whence  I  could  see  them  pillage  these  poore 
men  of  all  that  they  had,  and  halfe  their  fish  :  when  hee  was 
gone,  they  sold  his  poore  clothes  at  the  maine  Mast  by  an 
out-cry,  which  scarce  gaue  each  man  seuen  pence  a  peece. 

Not  long  after,  we  tooke  a  Scot  fraught  from  Saint 
Michaels  to  Bristow,  he  had  better  fortune  then  the  other ; 
for  hauing  but  taken  a  Boats  loading  of  Sugar,  Marmelade, 
Suckets,  and  such  like,  we  descried  foure  saile,  after  whom 
we  stood  :  who  forling  their  maine  Sailes  attended  vs  to 
fight,  but  our  French  spirits  were  content  onely  to  perceiue 
they  were  English  red  Crosses. 

Within  a  very  small  time  after,  wee  chased  4.  Spanish 
ships  that  came  from  the  Indies  :  we  fought  with  them 
foure  or  fiue  houres,  tore  their  sailes  and  sides  with  many 
a  shot  betwixt  wind  and  weather,  yet  not  daring  to  boord 
them,  lost  them  ;  for  which,  all  the  Sailers  euer  after  hated 
the  Captaine  as  a  professed  coward. 

A  poore  Caruill  of  Brasile  was  the  next  wee  chased  ;  and  a  prise 
after  a  small   fight,  thirteene  or  foureteene  of  her  men 
being  wounded,  which  was  the  better  halfe,  we  tooke  her 
with   three   hundred   and   seuenty  chests  of  Sugar,  one 
hundred  hides,  thirty  thousand  Rialls  of  eight. 

The  next  was  a  ship  of  Holland,  which  had  lost  her 
Consorts  in  the  Streights  of  Magilans,  going  for  the  South 
sea.  She  was  put  roomy,  she  also  these  French  men  with 
faire  promises,  cunningly  betraied  to  come  aboord  them  to 
shew  their  Commission,  and  so  made  prise  of  all :  the  most 
of  the  Dutch-men  we  tooke  aboord  the  Admiralty  and 
manned  her  [the  Dutch  ship]  with  French-men,  that  within 
two  or  three  nights  after  ran  away  with  her  for  France, 
The  wounded  Spaniards  we  set  on  shore  on  the  He  of 
Tercera,  the  rest  we  kept  to  saile  the  Caruill. 

47 


worth  3600c 
crownes. 


If-  739-1 


300000 

crownes. 


73%  How  they  vsed  him,  Lib.  6.  [,_l6  jJ-JSS; 

[1615]  Within  a  day  or  two  after,  we  met  a  West-Indies  man  of 

iorth*        warre,  of  one  hundred  [225]  and  sixtie  tuns,  a  forenoone 

wee  fought  with  her,  and  then  tooke  her  with  one  thousand 

one  hundred  Hides,  fiftie  Chests  of  Cutchanele,  foureteene 

Coffers  of  wedges  of  Siluer,  eight  thousand  Rialls  of  eight, 

V-  739-J      and  six  Coffers  of  the  King  of  Spaines  Treasure,  besides 

the  good  pillage  and  rich  Coffers  of  many  rich  Passengers. 

Two  moneths  [Aug.-Oct.  1615]  they  kept  me   in   this 

manner,  to  manage  their  fights  against  the  Spaniards,  and 

bee  a  Prisoner  when  they  tooke  any  English.     Now  though 

the  Captaine  had  oft  broke  his  promise,  which  was  to  put 

me  on  shore  [on]  the  lies  [Azores],  or  the  next  ship  he 

tooke ;  yet  at  the  last  he  was  contented  I  should  goe  in 

the   Caruill   of    Sugar  for  France,   himselfe  seeming   as 

resolued  to  keepe  the  Seas :  but  the  next  morning  we  all 

set  saile  for  France,  and  that  night  we  were  separated  from 

[*•  739]       the  Admirall  and  the  rich  prise  by  a  storme. 

Within  two  daies  after,  wee  [in  the  Caravel]  were  hailed 
by  two  West-Indies  men  :  but  when  they  saw  vs  waife  them 
for  the  King  of  France,  they  gaue  vs  their  broad  sides,  shot 
thorow  our  maine  Mast,  and  so  left  vs. 

Hauing  liued  now  this  Summer  [Aug -Nov.  1615., 
amongst  those  French  men  of  warre,  with  much  adoe  we 
arriued  at  the  Gulion,  not  farre  from  Rotchell:  where  in 
stead  of  the  great  promises  they  alwaies  fed  me  with,  of 
double  satisfaction  and  full  content,  and  tenne  thousand 
Crownes  was  generally  concluded  I  should  haue;  they 
kept  me  hue  or  six  daies  Prisoner  in  the  Caruill,  accusing 
me  to  be  he  that  burnt  their  Colony  in  New  France,  to 
force  me  to  giue  them  a  discharge  before  the  Iudge  of  the 
Admiraltie,  and  stand  to  their  courtesies  for  satisfaction, 
or  lie  in  prison,  or  a  worse  mischiefe. 

Indeed  this  was  in  the  time  of  combustion,that  the  Prince 

of  Cundy  was  with  his  Army  in  the  field;  and  euery  poore 

Lord,  or  men  in  authoritie,  as  little  Kings  of  themselues, 

For  this  iniury  was  done  me  by  them  that  set  out  this 

voyage  (not  by  the  Sailers) ;  for  they  were  cheated  of  all  as 

well  as  I,  by  a  few  Officers  aboord,  and  the  owners  on  shore. 

My  escape        But  to  preuent  this  choise,  in  the  end  of  such  a  storme 

JSchmen. tnat  Deat  them  all  vnder  hatches,  I  watched  my  oppor- 

[Aaa6.j       tunitie  to  get  a  shore  in  their  Boat;  whereinto  in  the  darke 


s-iejunfTJxe.]   Lib.  6.         and  his  desperate  escape.  739 

night  I  secretly  got,  and  with  a  halfe  Pike  that  lay  by  [1615] 
me,  put  a  drift  for  Rat  He  :  but  the  currant  was  so  strong, 
and  the  Sea  so  great,  I  went  a  drift  to  Sea,  till  it  pleased 
God  the  wind  so  turned  with  the  tide,  that  although  I  was 
all  this  fearefull  night  of  gusts  and  raine  in  the  Sea  the 
space  of  twelue  houres,  when  many  ships  were  driuen 
ashore,  and  diuers  split :  (and  being  with  skulling  and 
bayling  the  water  tired,  I  expected  each  minute  would 
sinke  me)  at  last  I  arriued  in  an  Oazy  He  by  Charowne, 
where  certaine  Fowlers  found  me  neere  drowned,  and 
halfe  dead,  with  water,  cold,  and  hunger. 

My  Boat  I  pawned  to  finde  meanes  to  get  to  Rotchell; 
where  I  vnderstood  our  man  of  war  and  the  rich  prize,  [A738.] 
(wherein  was  the  Captaine  called  Mounsieur  Poyrune,  and 
the  thirtie  thousand  Rialls  of  eight  we  tooke  in  the  Caruill),  [/•  737-1 
was  split ;  the  Captaine  drowned  and  halfe  his  Company 
the  same  night,  within  six  or  seuen  leagues  of  that  place, 
from  whence  I  escaped  in  the  little  Boat  by  the  mercy  of 
God,  far  beyond  all  mens  reason  or  my  expectation. 

Arriuing  at  Rotchell:  vpon  my  complaint  to  the  Iudge  y^SjIaw 
of  the  Admiraltie,  I  found  many  good  words  and  faire 
promises  ;  and  ere  long  many  of  them  that  escaped 
drowning,  told  me  the  newes  they  heard  of  my  owne 
death.  These  I  arresting,  their  seuerall  examinations 
did  so  confirme  my  complaint,  it  was  held  proofe  sufficient. 

All  which  being  performed  according  to  their  order  of 
justice,  from  vnder  the  Iudges  hand,  I  presented  it  to  Sir 
Thomas  Edmonds,  then  Ambassadour  at  Burdeaux ;  where 
it  was  my  chance  to  see  the  arriuall  [21  Nov.  1615]  of  the 
Kings  great  mariage  brought  from  Spaine. 

Here  it  was  my  good  fortune  to  meet  my  old  friend 
Master  Crampton,  that  no  lesse  grieued  at  my  losse,  then 
willingly  to  his  power  did  supply  my  wants;  and  I  must 
confesse,  I  was  more  beholden  to  the  French  men  that 
escaped  drowning  in  the  man  of  warre,  Madam  Chanoyes  [A277J 
at  Rotchell,  and  the  Lawyers  of  Burdeaux,  then  all  the  rest 
of  my  Country-men  I  met  in  France.  Of  the  wracke  of 
the  [226]  rich  prize,  some  three  thousand  six  hundred  [A738.] 
crownes  worth  of  goods  came  ashore  and  was  saued,  with 
the  Caruill,  which  I  did  my  best  to  arrest :  the  Iudge 
promised  I  should  haue  Iustice,  what  will  be  the  con- 


740 


How  he  arrested  the 


T    Tr>      A      r  J.Smith. 

J^IH.    O.     [3-l6Junei6i6. 


[1615-6]  elusion  as  yet  [June  1616]  I  know  not.  But  vnder  the  couler 
to  take  Pirats  and  the  West-Indie  men  (because  the  Spaniards 
will  not  suffer  the  French  to  trade  in  the  West-Indies)  any 
goods  from  thence,  though  they  take  them  vpon  the 
Coast  of  Spaine,  are  lawfull  prize,  or  from  any  of  his 
Territories  out  of  the  limits  of  Europe  :  and  as  they 
betraied  me,  though  I  had  the  broad-seale,  so  did  they 
rob  and  pillage  twentie  saile  of  English  men  more,  besides 
them  I  knew  not  of,  the  same  yeere. 

Leauing  thus  my  businesse  in  France  I  returned  [Dec. 
1615]  to  Plimoth,  to  finde  them  [that]  had  thus  buried  me 
amongst  the  French ;  and  not  onely  buried  me,  but  with 
so  much  infamy  as  such  treacherous  cowards  could 
suggest  to  excuse  their  villanies. 

The  Chiefetaines  of  this  mutiny  that  I  could  finde,  I 
laid  by  the  heeles;  the  rest,  like  themselues,  confessed  the 
truth,  as  you  haue  heard. 

Now  how  I  haue  or  could  preuent  these  accidents,  hauing 
no  more  meanes,  I  rest  at  your  censures ;  but  to  proceed 
to  the  matter ;  yet  must  I  sigh  and  say,  How  oft  hath 
Fortune  in  the  world  (thinke  I)  brought  slauery,  freedome, 
and  turned  all  diuersly. 


My  returne 
for  England 

r>.  337.J 


[A  745-1 


The  successe 
of  my  Vice- 
Admirall. 


vr Ewfoundland  I  haue  heard,  at  the  first,  was  held 
fW\jjS  as  desperate  a  fishing  as  this  I  proiect  for  New 
ipSSjcJ  England.  Placentia,  and  the  Banke,  neare  also  as 
*Bsk  Wa^3  doubtfull  to  the  French.  But  for  all  the  disasters 
hapned  [to]  me, the  businesse  is  the  same  itwas,and  the  fiue 
ships  [that]  went  from  London,  whereof  one  was  reported 
more  then  three  hundred  tunnes,  found  fish  so  much,  that 
neither  Izeland  man,  nor  Newfoundland  man,  [that]  I  could 
heare  of  hath  bin  there,  will  go  any  more  to  either  place, 
if  they  may  go  thither. 

So  that  vpon  the  good  returne  of  my  Vice-Admirall;  this 
yeere  [1616]  are  gone  4  or  5  saile  from  Plimoth,  and  from 
London  as  many,  only  to  make  voyages  of  profit :  whereas 
if  all  the  English  had  bin  there  till  my  returne,  put  all 
their  returnes  together,  they  would  scarce  make  one  a 
sauour  of   neere   a  dozen  I  could  nominate,   except   one 


3-i6junfT6i6.]   Lib.  6.     French  men,  and  his  successe.  741 

sent   by   Sir  Francis    Pop[h]am  ;    though    there   be    fish      [1616] 
sufficient,  as  I  am  perswaded,  to  fraught  yeerely  foure  or  [/.  ^a.] 
fiue  hundred  Saile,  or  as  many  as  will  goe. 

For  this  fishing  stretcheth  along  the  Sea  Coast  from  Cape 
lames  to  Newfoundland,  which  is  seuen  or  eight  hundred 
miles  at  the  least ;  and  hath  his  course  in  the  deepes,  and 
by  the  shore,  all  the  yere  long  :  keeping  their  ha[u]nts  and 
feedings,  as  the  beasts  of  the  field,  and  the  birds  of  the  aire. 
But  all  men  are  not  such  as  they  should  be,  that  haue 
vndertaken  those  voyages:  All  the  Romans  were  not  Scipioes; 
nor  Carthagentans,  Hanibals  ;  nor  all  the  Genweses,  Colum- 
busses ;  nor  all  the  Spaniards,  Courteses  :  had  they  diued  no 
deeper  in  the  secrets  of  their  discoueries  then  we,  or 
stopped  at  such  doubts  and  poore  accidentall  chances, 
they  had  neuer  beene  remembered  as  they  are,  yet  had 
they  no  such  certainties  to  begin  as  we. 


But  to  conclude,  Adam  and  Eue  did  first  begin  this  [/>.«8, 
innocent  worke  to  plant  the  earth  to  remaine  to  posterity,  934'] 
but  not  without  labour,  trouble,  and  industry.  Noe  and 
his  family  began  againe  the  second  Plantation  ;  and  their 
seed  as  it  still  increased,  hath  still  planted  new  Countries, 
and  one  Countrey  another,  and  so  the  world  to  that  estate 
it  is :  but  not  without  much  hazard,  trauell,  mortalities, 
discontents,  and  many  disasters.  Had  those  worthy 
Fathers,  and  their  memorable  off-spring,  not  beene  more 
diligent  for  vs  now  in  these  ages,  then  we  are  to  plant  that 
yet  is  vnplanted  for  the  after  liuers.  Had  the  seed  of 
Abraham,  our  Sauiour  Christ,  and  his  Apostles,  exposed 
themselues  to  no  more  dangers  to  teach  the  Gospell  then 
we,  euen  wee  our  selues  had  at  this  present  beene  as 
saluage,  and  as  miserable  as  the  most  barbarous  Saluage, 
yet  vnciuilized. 

^  The  Hebrewes  and  Lacedemonians,  the  Gothes,  the 
Grecians,  the  Romanes,  and  the  rest,  what  was  it  they 
would  not  vndertake  to  inlarge  their  Teritories,  enrich 
their  subiects,  resist  their  enemies.  Those  that  were  the 
founders  of  those  great  Monarchies  and  their  vertues, 
were  no  siluered  idle  golden  Pharis[i]es,  but  industrious 
Iron  steeled  Publicans:    They  regarded  more  prouisions 


742        [Honour  is  our  lifes  ambition.']     Lib.  6.  [3_l6Ji 


Smith, 
une  1616. 


[1616]  and  necessaries  [227]  for  their  people,  then  Iewels, 
[>•  229.]  riches,  ease,  or  delight  for  themselues  ;  Riches  were  their 
Seruants,  not  their  Masters.  They  ruled  (as  Fathers,  not 
as  Tirants)  their  people  as  Children,  not  as  Slaues  ;  there 
was  no  disaster  could  discourage  them ;  and  let  none 
thinke  they  incountred  not  with  all  manner  of  incum- 
brances. And  what  hath  euer  beene  the  worke  of  the 
greatest  Princes  of  the  Earth,  but  planting  of  Coun- 
tries, and  ciuilizing  barbarous  and  inhumane  Nations  to 
ciuilitie  and  humanitie,  whose  eternall  actions  fills  our 
Histories.  Lastly,  the  Portugals  and  Spaniards,  whose 
euer-liuing  actions  before  our  eies  will  testifie  with  them 
our  idlenesse,  and  ingratitude  to  all  posterities,  and  the 
neglect  of  our  duties  in  our  pietie  and  religion.  We  owe 
our  God,  our  King  and  Countrey,  and  want  of  Charitie  to 
those  poore  Saluages,  whose  Countrey  wee  challenge,  vse 
and  possesse  ;  except  wee  be  but  made  to  vse,  and  marre 
what  our  fore-fathers  made,  or  but  onely  tell  what  they  did, 
or  esteeme  our  selues  too  good  to  take  the  like  paines.  Was 
it  vertue  in  them  to  prouide  that  doth  maintaine  vs,  and 
basenesse  in  vs  to  doe  the  like  for  others  ?  Surely  no. 
W- 229.936]  Then  seeing  we  are  not  borne  for  our  selues,  but  each  to 
help  other,  and  our  abilities  are  much  alike  at  the  houre 
of  our  birth,  and  the  minute  of  our  death  :  seeing  our 
good  deeds  or  our  bad  by  faith  in  Christs  merits,  is  all 
we  haue,  to  carie  our  soules  to  heauen  or  hell.  Seeing 
honor  is  our  Hues  ambition,  and  our  ambition  after 
death  to  haue  an  honorable  memory  of  our  life:  and 
seeing  by  no  meanes  we  would  be  abated  of  the  dignities 
and  glories  of  our  predecessors,  let  vs  imitate  their  ver- 
tues  to  be  worthily  their  successors :  to  conclude  with 
Lucretius, 

Its  want  of  reason,  or  its  reasons  want 

Which  doubts  the  minde  and  iudgement,  so  doth  dant, 

That  those  beginnings  makes  men  not  to  granU 

lohn  Smith  writ  this  with  his  owne  hand. 


Here  folio weth  a  briefe  Discourse 

of  the  trials  of  New  England,  with  cer- 

taine  Obseruations  of  the  Hollanders  vse  and 

gaine  by  fishing,  and  the  present  estate  of  that 

happy  Plantation,  begun  but  by  sixtie  weake 

men,  in  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  1620,  and 

how  to  build  a  fleet  of  good  ships  to 

make  a  little  Nauy  Royall,  by 

the  former  Author. 

E  saith,  that  it  is  more  then  foure  and 
forty  yeeres  agoe  [i.e.,  by  1577],  and  it 
is  more  then  fortie  yeeres  agoe  [1577] 
since  he  writ  it  ;  that  the  Herring 
Busses  out  of  the  Low  Countries  vnder 
the  King  of  Spaine,  were  fiue  hundred, 
besides  one  hundred  French  men,  and 
three  or  foure  hundred  saile  of  Flemings. 
The  Coast  of  Wales  and  Lancashire  was  vsed  by  300 
Saile  of  Strangers. 

Ireland  at  Beltamore,  fraughted  yeerely  three  hundred 
saile  of  Spaniards,  where  King  Edward  the  sixt  intended  to 
haue  made  a  strong  Castle,  because  of  the  straight,  to  haue 
tribute  for  fishing. 

Black  Rocke  was  yerely  fished  by  three  or  foure  hundred 
saile  of  Spaniards,  Portugals,  and  Biskiners. 

The  Hollanders  raise  yeerely  by  Herring,  Cod,  and  Ling, 
thirty  [or  rather  three  hundred]  thousand  pounds. 

English  and  French,  by  Salt-fish,  Poore-Iohn,  Salmons, 
and  Pilchards,  three  hundred  [or  rather  thirty]  thousand 
pounds. 


[pp.  749-69-1 


IPP.  773-5-1 


[1620-2] 

Master  Dee 
his  report. 

[pp.  238,254.] 


The  benefit 
of  fishing, 
as  Master 
Gentleman 
and  others 


744  Tke  benefit  of  fishing,  according        Lib.  6.  y^J; 

[1620]  Hambrough  and  the  Sound,  for  Sturgion,  Lobsters  and 

Eeles,  one  hundred  thousand  pounds. 

Cape  Blanke  for  Tunny  and  Mullit,  by  the  Biskiners  and 
Spaniards,  thirty  thousand  pounds. 

That  the  Duke  of  Medina  receiueth  yeerely  tribute  of 

the  Fishers,  for  Tunny,  Mullit,  and  Porgos,  more  then  ten 

thousand  pounds. 

o?J/5S?s      Lnbecke  hath  seuen  hundred  [228]  ships;  Hambrough  six 

and  other     hundred ;  Emden  [but]  lately  a  Fisher  towne,  one  thousand 

obseruen.     foure  hundred:  whose  customes  by  fishing  hath  made  them 

so  powerfull  as  they  be. 

Holland  and  Zeland  not  much  greater  then  Yorkeshire, 
hath  thirty  walled  Townes,  foure  hundred  Villages,  and 
twenty  thousand  saile  of  Ships  and  Hoies;  three  thousand 
[>■  *39-l  six  hundred  [ships]  are  Fisher-men,  whereof  one  hundred 
are  Doggers,  seuen  hundred  Pinkes  and  Well-Boats,  seuen 
hundred  Fraud-boats,  Britters,  and  Tode-boats,  with 
thirteene  hundred  Busses ;  besides  three  hundred  that 
yeerely  fish  about  Yarmouth,  where  they  sell  their  fish  for 
Gold  :  and  fifteene  yeeres  agoe  [1605]  they  had  more  then 
an  hundred  and  sixteene  thousand  Sea-faring  men. 
[/■  255-)  These  fishing  ships  doe  take  yeerely  two  hundred  thou- 

sand last  of  fish,  twelue  barrels  to  a  last,  which  amounts 
to  3ooooo[o].  pounds  by  the  fisher  mens  price,  that  14. 
yeeres  agoe  [1606]  did  pay  for  their  tenths  three  hundred 
thousand  pound ;  which  venting  in  Pumerland,  Sprustia, 
Denmarke,Lef eland,  Russia,  Swethland,  Germany,  Netherlands, 
England,  or  else  where,  &c.  makes  their  returnes  in  a 
yeere  about  threescore  and  ten  hundred  thousand  pounds, 
which  is  seuen  millions  ;  and  yet  in  Holland  there  is 
neither  matter  to  build  ships  nor  merchandize  to  set  them 
forth,  yet  by  their  industry  they  as  much  increase  as  other 
nations  decay. 

But  leauing  these  vncertainties  as  they  are,  of  this  I  am 
certaine. 

That  the  coast  of  England,  Scotland  and  Ireland,  the 
North  Sea  with  Island  and  the  Sound,  Newfound-land  and 
Cape  Blanke,  doe  serue  all  Europe,  as  well  the  land  townes 
as  ports,  and  all  the  Christian  shipping,  with  these  sorts 
of  staple  fish,  which  is  transported  from  whence  it  is  taken 


i'J^et]  Lib.  6.  to  ancient  Authors.  745 

many  a  thousand  mile,  viz.  Herring,  salt  Fish,  Poore-Iohn,  [1614-7] 
Sturgion,  Mullit,  Tunny,  Porgos,  Cauiare,  Buttargo. 


Now  seeing  all  these  sorts  of  fish,  or  the  most  part  of 
them  may  be  had  in  a  land  more  fertill,  temperate,  and 
plentifull  of  all  necessaries  for  the  building  of  ships,  boats 
and  houses,  and  the  nourishment  of  man ;  the  seasons  are 
so  proper,  and  the  fishings  so  neere  the  habitations  we 
may  there  make,  that  New-England  hath  much  aduantage 
of  the  most  of  those  parts,  to  serue  all  Europe  farre 
cheaper  then  they  can,  who  at  home  haue  neither  wood, 
salt,  nor  food,  but  at  great  rates  ;  at  Sea  nothing  but  what 
they  carry  in  their  ships,  an  hundred  or  two  hundred 
leagues  from  the  habitation.  But  New-Englands  fishings 
is  neere  land,  where  is  helpe  of  Wood,  Water,  Fruits, 
Fowles,  Corne  or  other  refreshings  needfull,  and  the  ip.  240.] 
Terceras,  Mederas,  Canaries,  Spaine,  Portugal!,  Prouaues, 
Sauoy,  Sicillia,  and  all  Italy,  as  conuenient  markets  for  our 
dry  fish,  greene  fish,  Sturgion,  Mullit,  Cauiare  and  But- 
targo, as  Norway,  Swethland,  Littuania  or  Germany  for  their 
Herring,  which  is  heare  also  in  abundance  for  taking; 
they  returning  but  Wood,  Pitch,  Tar,  Sope-ashes,  Cordage,  [/•  256.] 
Flax,  Wax,  and  such  like  commodities  :  wee  Wines,  Oiles, 
Sugars,  Silkes,  and  such  merchandize  as  the  Straits 
[i.e.,  of  Gibraltar]  offoord  [afford] ;  whereby  our  profit  may 
equalize  theirs,  besides  the  increase  of  shipping  and 
Marriners  :  and  for  proofe  hereof. 

In   the   yeere  of  our  Lord  1614.  you  haue  read  how  1614. 
I  went  from  London:  also  the  next  yeere  1615.  how  foure   1615. 
good  ships  went  from  London,  and  I  with  two  more  from 
Plimoth,  with  all  our  accidents,  successes  and  returnes  :  in 
the  yeere  1616.  ere  I  returned  [Dec.  1615J  from  France,  the  £#.a4«,«S7-l 
Londoners  for  all  their  losse  by  the  Turkes,  sent  foure   1616. 
ships  more  ;  foure  more  also  went  from  Plimoth. 

After  I  returned  from  France,  I  was  perswaded  againe  to 
goe  to  Plimouth,  with  diuers  of  my  friends  with  one  hun-  [/■  740-] 
dred  pound  for  our  aduentures  besides  our  charges ;  but  wee 
found  all  things  as  vntoward  as  before,  and  all  their  great 
promises  nothing  but  aire :  yet  to  prepare  the  voyage  against 
the   next  yeere,  hauing   acquainted  a  great  part  of  the   1617. 


746  New-Englands  trialls.  Lib.  6.  [J; 


Smith. 

ec.  1620. 


[1617-8]  Nobility  with  it,  and  ashamed  to  see  the  Prince  his  High- 
nesse  till  I  had  done  some  what  worthy  his  Princely  view;  I 
spent  that  Summer  [1616]  in  visiting  the  Cities  and  Townes 
Mysutijte  of  Bristoll,  Exeter,  Bastable,  Bodnam,  Perin,  Foy,  Milborow, 
country.  Saltash,  Dartmouth,  Absom,  Tattnesse,  and  the  most  of  the 
(M267, 748,  Gentry  in  Cornew all  and  Deuonshire,  giuing  them  Bookes  and 
941,1  Maps,  shewing  how  in  six  moneths  the  most  of  [229]  those 

ships  had  made  their  voyages,  and  some  in  lesse,  and  with 
what  good  successe ;  by  which  incitation  they  seemed  so 
well  contented,  as  they  promised  twenty  saile  of  ships 
should  goe  with  mee  next  yeere  [1617],  and  in  regard  of 
my  paines,  charge,  and  former  losses,  the  westerne  Com- 
missioners in  behalfe  of  themselues  and  the  rest  of  the 
Company,  and  them  hereafter  that  should  be  ioyned  to 
them,  contracted  with  me  by  articles  indented  vnder  our 
hands,  to  be  Admirall  of  that  Country  during  my  life,  and 
in  the  renewing  of  their  Letters-Patents  so  to  be  nomi- 
nated. Halfe  the  fruits  of  our  endeuours  to  be  theirs,  the 
rest  our  owne ;  being  thus  ingaged,  now  the  businesse  is 
made  plaine  and  likely  to  prosper,  some  of  them  would  not 
onely  forget  me  and  their  promises,  but  also  obscure  me, 
as  if  I  had  neuer  beene  acquainted  in  the  businesse :  but  I 
am  not  the  first  they  haue  deceiued. 
1618.  There  was  foure  good  ships  prepared  at  Plimoth,  but  by 

[//.24i,a57.]  reason  of  their  disagreement,  the  season  so  wasted,  as 
onely  two  went  forward:  the  one  being  of  two  hundred 
tunnes,  returned  well  fraught  to  Plimoth,  and  her  men  in 
health,  within  flue  moneths ;  the  other  of  fourescore 
tunnes,  went  for  Bilbow  with  drie  fish  and  made  a  good 
returne. 
[#.217,323,  In  this  voyage  Edward  Rowcroft,  alias  Stallings,  a  valiant 
732,736,1  Souldier,  that  had  beene  with  me  in  Virginia,  and  was 
with  me  also  when  I  was  betrayed  by  the  French,  was  sent 
againe  in  those  ships,  and  hauing  some  wrong  offered  him 
there  by  a  French  man,  he  tooke  him  [i.e.,  his  ship],  and  as 
he  writ  to  me,  went  with  him  to  Virginia  with  fish,  to 
trade  with  them  for  such  commodities  as  they  might  spare. 
He  had  not  past  ten  or  twelue  men,  and  knew  both  those 
countries  well,  yet  he  promised  me  the  next  spring  to 
meet  me  in  New-England;  but  the  ship  and  he  both 
perished  in  Virginia. 


Smith.' 
c.  1620. 


]  Lib.  6.  New-Englands  trialls.  747 


l*.  94I-] 


542, 770.] 


This  yeere  againe,  diuers  ships  intending  to  goe  from  [1619-20] 
Plimoth,  so  disagreed,  there  went  but  one  of  two  hundred  1619. 
tunnes,  who  stayed  in  the  Country  about  six  weeks,  which  l#ff2> 
with  eight  and  thirty  men  and  boies  had  her  fraught,  which 
she  sold  at  the  first  penny  for  2100.  [pounds]  besides  the 
Furres :  so  that  euery  poore  Sailer  that  had  but  a  single 
share  had  his  charges  and  sixteene  pound  ten  shillings  for 
his  seuen  moneths  worke. 

Master  Thomas  Dirmire  an  vnderstanding  and  industrious 
Gentleman,  that  was  also  with  me  amongst  the  French  \j>p.  3)7 
men,  hauing  liued  about  a  yeere  in  Newfoundland,  returning    732,] 
to  Plimoth,  went  for  New-England  in  this  ship,  so  much 
approued  of  this  Country,  that  he  staied  there  with  hue  or 
six  men  in  a  little  Boat ;  finding  two  or  three  French  men 
amongst  the  Saluages  who  had  lost  their  ship,  [he]  aug- 
mented his  company,  with  whom  he  ranged  the  Coast  to  M£"gj 
Virginia :  where  he  was  kindly  welcommed  and  well  re- 
freshed [Nov.  1 6 19],  thence  returned  to  New-England  againe  ; 
where  hauing  beene  a  yeere,  in  his  backe  returne  to  Virginia 
[162 1]  he  was  so  wounded  by  the  Saluages,  he  died  vpon  it. 

Let  not  men  attribute  these  their  great  aduentures,  and 
vntimely  deaths  to  vnfortunatenesse,  but  rather  wonder 
how  God  did  so  long  preserue  them  with  so  small  meanes 
to  doe  so  much ;  leauing  the  fruits  of  their  labours  to  be  an 
incouragement  to  those  our  poore  vndertakings,  and  as 
warnings  for  vs  not  to  vndertake  such  great  workes  with 
such  small  meanes :  and  this  for  aduantage  as  they  writ 
vnto  me,  that  God  had  laid  this  Country  open  for  vs,  and 
slaine  the  most  part  of  the  inhabitants  by  ciuill  warres  and 
a  mortall  disease,  for  where  I  had  seene  one  hundred  or 
two  hundred  Saluages,  there  is  scarce  ten  to  be  found,  and  W-  7«%1 
yet  not  any  one  of  them  [Dermer's  crew]  touched  with  any 
sicknesse  but  one  poore  French  man  that  died. 


754.  933-1 


They  say  this  plague  vpon  them  thus  sore  fell, 

It  was  because  they  pleas 'd  not  Tantum  well.  ^sVw-l 

From  the  West  Country  to  make  triall  this  yeere  onely  1620. 
to  fish,  is  gone  six  or  seuen  saile,  three  of  which  I  am 
certainly  informed  made   so  good  a  voyage,   that   euery 
Sailer  that  had  a  single  share  had  twenty  pound  for  his 


748  New-Englands  trialls.        Lib.  6.  ["ik?^ 

Ljuly  1624. 

[1620-1]  seuen  moneths  work,  which  is  more  then  in  twenty 
moneths  he  should  haue  gotten,  had  he  gone  [230]  for 
wages  any  where. 

Now  although  these  former  ships  haue  not  made  such 
good  voiages  as  they  expected,  by  sending  opinionated 
vnskilfull  men,  that  had  not  experienced  diligence  to  saue 
that  they  tooke,  nor  take  that  there  was,  which  now 
patience  and  practice  hath  brought  to  a  reasonable  kinde 
of  perfection ;  in  despight  of  all  detractors  and  calumnia- 

[//.a4»,*59-]  tions,  the  Country  yet  hath  satisfied  all,  the  defect  hath 
beene  in  their  vsing  or  abusing  it,  not  in  it  selfe  nor  me  : 
But, 

A  due  desert,  for  fortune  makes  prouision 

For  Knaues  and  Fooles,  and  men  of  base  condition. 


thISt2'eto  £)^^SOw  all  these  proofes  and  this  relation  I  now 
called  New-Englands  triall.  I  caused  two  or 
three  thousand  of  them  to  be  printed  :  one  thou- 
sand with  a  great  many  Maps  both  of  Virginia 
?66,944*'.]  and  New-England,  I  presented  to  thirty  of  the  chiefe  Com- 
panies in  London  at  their  Halls,  desiring  either  generally 
or  particularly  (them  that  would)  to  imbrace  it,  and  by  the 
vse  of  a  stocke  of  fiue  thousand  pound,  to  ease  them  of  the 
superfluity  of  the  most  of  their  companies  that  had  but 
strength  and  health  to  labour. 

Neere  a  yeere  [1621]  I  spent  to  vnderstand  their  resolu- 
tions, which  was  to  me  a  greater  toile  and  torment,  then  to 
haue  beene  in  New-England  about  my  businesse  but  with 
bread  and  water,  and  what  I  could  get  there  by  my  labour; 
but  in  conclusion,  seeing  nothing  would  be  effected,  I  was 
contented  as  well  with  this  losse  of  time  and  charge,  as  all 
[>.  746.]       the  rest. 


W 


A  Plantation  in  New-England.    i82o. 

Pon  these   inducements   some   few  well      [1620] 
disposed  Gentlemen,  and  Merchants  of  u>.  a59.] 
London  and  other  places,  prouided  two 
ships,  the  one  of  a  hundred  and  three- 
score tunnes,  the  other  of  threescore  and 
ten.    They  left  the  Coast  of  England  the 
two   and   thirtieth  {twentieth}  of   August 
[1620] ,  with  about  a  hundred  and  twenty 
persons;  but  the  next  day  the  lesser  ship  sprung  a  leake,that 
forced  their  returne  to  Plimoth :  where  discharging  her  and  \p.  260.] 
twenty  passengers ;  with  the  greater  ship  and  one  hundred 
passengers  besides  Sailers,  they  set  saile  againe  the  sixt  of 
September  [1620],  and  the  ninth  of  Nouember  fell  with  Cape 
lames. 

But  being  pestred  nine  weekes  in  this  leaking  vnwhol- 
some  ship,  lying  wet  in  their  Cabins,  most  of  them 
grew  very  weake  and  weary  of  the  Sea  ;  then  for  want  of 
experience,  ranging  two  [weeks],  and  againe  six  weekes, 
before  they  found  a  place  they  liked  to  dwell  on  ;  forced  to 
lie  on  the  bare  ground  without  couerture:  forty  of  them  died, 
and  threescore  were  left  in  very  weake  estate,  at  the  ships 
comming  away,  about  the  fifth  of  Aprill  following,  and 
[she]  arriued  in  England  the  sixth  of  May  [1621]. 

Though  the  Harbour  [at  Cape  Cod,  pp.  205,  719]  be  good, 
the  shore  is  so  shallow,  they  were  forced  to  wade  a  great 
way  vp  to  the  knees  in  water,  and  vsed  that  that  did  them 
much  hurt ;  and  little  fish  they  found  but  Whailes,  and  a 
great  kinde  of  Mustell  so  fat,  that  few  did  eat  of  them  that 
were  not  sicke  :  these  miseries  ocasioned  some  discord,  and 
gaue  some  appearance  of  faction  ;  but  all  was  so  reconciled, 
that  they  vnited  themselues  by  common  consent  vnder 
their  hands,  to  a  kinde  of  combination  of  a  body  politike, 


iourny  by 


750  A  Plantation  in  New- England.      Lib.  6.  ^f^^Sii 

[1620]  by  vertue  whereof  to  inact  and  constitute  lawes  and 
ordinances,  and  Officers  from  time  to  time,  as  should  bee 
thought  most  conuenient  for  their  generall  good. 

Thdrfir>t  Sixteene  or  seuenteene  daies  they  could  doe  little  for 
want  of  their  Shallcp  which  was  a  mending  ;  yet  Captaine 
Miles  Standish,  vnto  whom  was  ioyned  in  Councell,  William 
Bradfor[d),  Stephen  Hopkins  and  Edward  Tilly,  went  well 
armed  ashore ;  and  by  that  time  they  had  gone  a  mile,  [they] 
met  fiue  or  six  Indians  that  fled  into  the  Woods. 

We  traced  them  by  the  footing  eight  or  ten  miles,  then 
the  night  approaching  we  made  a  fire,  by  which  we  lay  that 
night;  and  the  next  morning  followed  the  Saluages  by  their 
tract,  thinking  to  finde  their  habitations,  but  by  [231]  the 
way  we  found  a  Deere  amongst  many  faire  springs  of  water, 
where  we  refreshed  our  selues.  Then  we  went  a  shore  and 
made  a  fire,  that  they  at  the  ship  might  perceiue  where  we 
were,  and  so  marched  to  a  place  where  we  supposed  was 
a  Riuer ;  by  the  way  we  saw  many  Vines,  Saxefras,  haunts 
of  Deere  and  Fowle,  and  some  fifty  Acres  of  plaine  ground 
[that]  had  beene  planted  by  the  Indians,  where  were  some  of 
their  graues  :  from  thence  we  followed  a  path  that  brought 
vs  through  three  or  foure  fields  that  had  bin  planted  that 
yeere ;  in  one  graue  we  digged,  we  found  a  basket  or  two 
of  Indian  Corne,  so  much  as  we  could  carry  we  tooke  with 
vs,  the  rest  we  buried  as  we  found  it,  and  so  proceeded  to 
the  place  we  intended,  but  we  found  it  not  such  a  Harbour 
as  we  expected.  And  so  we  returned,  till  the  night  caused 
vs  [to]  take  vp  our  lodging  vnder  a  tree ;  where  it  rained  six 
or  seuen  houres. 

The  next  morning,  as  we  wandred,  we  passed  by  a  tree, 
where  a  young  sprig  was  bowed  downe  ouer  a  bough,  and 
some  Acornes  strewed  vnder  it,  which  was  one  of  their  Gins 
to  catch  a  Deere ;  and  as  we  were  looking  at  it,  Bradford 
was  suddenly  caught  by  the  leg  in  a  noosed  Rope,  made  as 
artificially  as  ours.  As  we  passed  we  see  a  lease  of  Bucks, 
sprung  some  Partriges,  and  great  flocks  of  wilde  Geese  and 
Ducks ;  and  so  we  returned  well  wearied  to  our  ship. 

Thdr  first         Master  Iones  our  Master  with  foure  and  thirty  men,  also 

wurny  by  ... 

Shallop.  went  vp  and  downe  in  the  frost  and  snow,  two  or  three 
daies,  in  the  extremity  of  the  cold ;  but  could  finde  no 


^^/uiyTSJ  LlB-  6-      A  plantation  in  New-England.  751 

harbour  :   only  among  the   old   graues  we  got  some  ten      [1620] 
bushels  of  Come,  some  Beanes,  and  a  bottle  of  Oile  ;  and 
had  we  not  thus  haply  found  it,  we  had  had  no  Come  for 
seede,  so  that  place  we  euer  called  Come-hill. 

The  next  day,  Master Iones  with  the  Come  and  our  weakest 
men  returned  to  the  Ship :  but  eighteene  of  vs  quartered 
there  that  night,  and  in  the  morning  following  the  paths, 
wee  found  in  the  Snow  in  a  field  a  greater  hill  or  graue  then 
the  rest,  digging  it  wee  found  first  a  Mat,  vnder  that  a 
boord  three  quarters  long,  painted  and  carued  with  three 
Tyns  at  the  top  like  a  Cronet,  betweene  the  Mats  also 
were  Bowles,  Traies  and  Dishes  and  such  trash,  at  length 
we  found  a  faire  new  Mat,  and  vnder  that  two  bundles, 
the  one  biggar  the  other  lesse ;  in  the  greater  wee  found  a 
great  quantity  of  fine  red  powder  like  a  kinde  of  imbalme- 
ment,  and  yeelded  a  strong  but  no  offensiue  smell,  with 
the  bones  and  skull  of  a  man  that  had  fine  yellow  haire 
still  on  it,  and  some  of  the  flesh  vnconsumed,  a  Knife,  a 
Pack-needle,  and  two  or  three  old  Iron  things  was  bound 
vp  in  a  Sailers  canuase  Cassocke,  also  a  paire  of  cloth 
Breeches ;  in  the  lesse  bundle  we  found  likewise  of  the 
same  powder,  and  the  bones  and  head  of  a  little  childe ; 
about  the  legs  and  other  parts  of  it  was  bound  strings  and 
braslets  of  white  beades,  there  was  also  a  little  Bow,  and 
some  other  odde  knacks,  the  prettiest  we  tooke,  and 
couered  againe  the  corps  as  they  were.  Not  farre  from 
thence  were  two  of  their  houses,  where  were  a  great  deale 
of  their  miserable  houshold  stuffe ;  which  we  left  as  wee 
found,  and  so  returned  to  our  Boat,  and  lay  aboord  that  night. 

Many  arguments  we  had  to  make  here  our  Plantation  or 
not.  In  the  Int[e]rim,  Mistris  White  was  brought  to  bed  of 
a  young  sonne,  which  was  called  Perigrine ;  and  a  Sailer 
shooting  at  a  Whale,  his  peece  flew  in  peeces  stocke  and 
all,  yet  he  had  no  hurt.  A  foolish  boy  discharging  his  fathers 
peece  hard  by  halfe  a  barrell  of  Powder,  and  many  people  by 
it ;  it  pleased  God  it  escaped  firing,  so  that  no  hurt  was  done. 

But  to  make  a  more  certaine  discouery  where  to  seat 
our  selues,  Captaine  Standish,  Master  Caruer,  William 
Branford  [Bradford], Edward  Winslo[w]e,  Iohn  Tilly, Edward 
Tilly,  with  diuers  others  to  the  number  of  seuenteene,  vpon 


Accidents. 


7 5  2  The  description  of  N ew- E ngland. 


Ljg     A      rtfi-Win*1^ 


6.  [ 


iz  Dec.  1621. 


[1620] 

Their  second 
iourney  by 
water  to 
finde  a  place 
to  plant  in. 


Their  first 

fight  with 

the 

Saluages. 


lA  754-] 


The  descrip- 
tion of  their 
place  to 
plant  in. 


Another 
Boy  borne 
in  New- 
England. 


the  sixt  of  December  [1620]  set  saile;  and  hauing  sailed  six 
or  seuen  leagues,  we  espied  eight  or  ten  Saluages  about  a 
dead  Grampus  :  still  following  the  shore  we  found  two  01 
three  more  cast  vp  by  the  ill  weather.  Many  we  see  in  the 
water,  therefore  we  called  it  Grampus  Bay.  Ships  may  ride 
well  in  it,  but  all  the  shore  is  very  shallow  flats  of  sand. 

At  last  seuen  or  eight  of  vs  went  a  shore,  many  fields 
we  saw  where  the  Saluages  had  inhabited,  and  a  buriall 
place  incompassed  with  a  Palizado,  so  we  returned  to  our 
Shallop  :  [232]  in  the  night  we  heard  a  hideous  cry  and 
howling  of  Wolues  and  Foxes. 

In  the  morning  as  we  were  ready  to  goe  into  our  Shal- 
lop, one  of  our  men  being  in  the  woods,  came  running 
crying,  Indians,  Indians  ;  and  with  all  their  Arrowes  flying 
amongst  vs,  some  of  our  men  being  in  the  boat,  and  their 
Armes  a  shore :  so  well  it  chanced,  Captaine  Standish  with 
two  or  three  more  discharged  their  peeces  till  the  rest 
were  ready.  One  Saluage  more  stout  then  the  rest,  kept 
vnder  a  tree,  till  he  had  shot  three  or  foure  Arrowes, 
and  endured  three  or  foure  Musket  shot ;  but  at  last  they 
all  fled.  This  was  about  breake  of  day  in  the  morning,  when 
they  saw  vs,  and  we  not  them. 

Hauing  the  wind  faire,  we  sailed  along  the  coast  8.  or 
10.  leagues,  thinking  to  haue  got  to  a  Harbour  where  one 
of  our  company  had  beene,  within  8.  leagues  of  Cape  Cod, 
for  neither  cricke  nor  Harbour  in  this  bay  we  could  finde  ; 
and  the  wind  so  increased,  our  Rudder  broke,  and  our 
Mast  flew  ouer-boord,  that  we  were  in  danger  to  be  cast 
away  :  but  at  last  it  pleased  God  we  were  in  a  harbor  we 
knew  not,  thinking  it  [the]  one  we  were  acquainted  with; 
this  we  found  to  be  an  He  where  we  rid  that  night. 

And  hauing  well  viewed  the  land  about  it,  and  sounded 
the  Bay  to  be  a  good  Harbour  for  our  ship,  compassed  with 
good  land,  and  in  it  two  faire  lies  ;  where  there  is  in  their 
seasons  innumerable  store  of  all  sorts  of  fish  and  fowle, 
good  water,  much  plaine  land,  which  hath  beene  planted : 
with  this  newes  we  returned  to  our  ship ;  and  with  the  next 
faire  wind  brought  her  thither,  being  but  within  the  sight 
of  Cape  Cod.  In  the  meane  time  Goodwife  Alderton  was 
deliuered  of  a  sonne,  but  dead  borne. 

Vpon  the  28.  of  December   [1620],  so  many  as  could 


Ed'  byj{iy^!;:]  Lib-  6.    The  description  of  New-England.         753 

went  to  worke  vpon  the  hill,  where  we  purposed  to  build  [1620-1] 
our  Platforme  [battery  or  fort]  for  our  ordnance  :  which  JJ^^-jJ 
doth  command  all  the  Plaine  and  the  Bay,  and  from  whence 
wee  may  see  far  into  the  Sea;  and  be  easily  impailed.  So 
in  the  afternoone  we  went  to  measure  out  the  grounds,  and 
diuided  our  company  into  19.  families,  alotting  to  euery 
person  a  poule  in  bredth  and  three  in  length  :  and  so  we 
cast  lots  where  euery  man  should  lie,  which  we  staked 
out ;  thinking  this  proportion  enough  at  the  first  to  impale 
for  lodgings  and  gardens. 

Francis  Billington  from  the  top  of  a  tree  seeing  a  great  Two  fair* 
water  some  three  miles  from  vs  in  the  land,  went  with  the 
Masters  Mate,  and  found  it  two  great  Lakes  of  fresh  water  : 
the  bigger  fiue  or  six  miles  in  circuit,  and  an  He  in  it  of  a 
Cables  length  square;  the  other  three  miles  in  compasse, 
full  of  fish  and  fowle,  and  two  brooks  issuing  from  it ; 
which  will  be  an  excellent  helpe  in  time  for  vs.  Where  they 
saw  seuen  or  eight  Indian  houses,  but  no  people. 

Foure  being  sent  a  mile  or  two  from  our  plantation,  two  of  ^loat 
them  stragling  into  the  woods  was  lost,  for  comming  to  a  {J*™sell,es 
Lake  of  water  they  found  a  great  Deere,  hauing  a  mastiue  woods. 
Bitch  and  a  Spanell  with  them,  they  followed  so  farre  they 
could  not  findethe  waybacke.  That  afternoone  it  rained,and 
did  freeze  and  snow  at  night :  their  apparell  was  very  thin, 
and  had  no  weapons  but  two  sickles,  nor  any  victuals  ;  nor 
could  they  finde  any  of  the  Saluages  habitations.  When 
the  night  came  they  were  much  perplexed  that  they  had 
no  other  bed  then  the  earth,  nor  couerture  then  the  skies  ; 
but  that  they  heard,  as  they  thought,  two  Lions  roaring  a 
long  time  together  very  nigh  them,  so  not  knowing  what 
to  doe,  they  resolued  to  climbe  vp  into  a  tree,  though  that 
would  be  an  intolerable  cold  lodging ;  expecting  their 
coming  they  stood  at  the  trees  root,  and  the  bitch  they 
held  fast  by  the  necke,  for  shee  would  haue  beene  gone  to 
the  Lions  or  what  they  were,  that  as  it  chanced  came  not 
nigh  them.  So  they  watched  the  tree  that  extreme  cold 
night,  and  in  the  morning  trauelling  againe,  passing  by 
many  lakes,  brooks  and  woods,  and  in  one  place  where  the 
Saluages  had  burnt  4.  or  5.  miles  in  length,  which  is  a  fine 
champion  Country ;  in  the  afternoone  they  discouered  the 
two  lies  in  their  Bay,  and  so  that  night,  neere  famished, 

48 


754 


Their  conference  and  Lib.  6.  [?,f  jJJ™ 


Winslow. 
6ai. 


[1621]      they  got  to  their  Plantation :  from  whence  they  had  sent 
our  men  euery  way  to  seeke  them. 

That  night  the  house  they  [the  Pilgrim  Fathers]  had 
built  and  thatched,  where  lay  their  armes,  bedding,  powder, 
&c.  tooke  fire  and  was  burnt.  The  Coast  is  so  shoule,  [that] 
the  ship  rides  more  then  a  mile  from  the  Fort :  but  God  be 
thanked  no  man  was  hurt,  though  much  was  burnt.  [233J 


Their  first 
conference 
with  a 
Saluagc. 


747.  933-1 


(/•  75*1 


The  second 
conference. 


\PP>  73«.  . 
747.  757.1 


All  this  time  we  could  not  haue  conference  with  a 
Saluage,  though  we  had  many  times  seene  them  and  had 
many  alarums  :  so  that  we  drew  a  Councell,  and  appointed 
Captaine  Standish  to  haue  the  command  of  all  martiall 
actions ;  but  euen  in  the  time  of  consultation,  the  Saluages 
gaue  an  alarum. 

The  next  day  also,  as  wee  were  agreeing  vpon  his 
[Standish's]  orders,  came  a  tall  Saluage  boldly  amongst  vs, 
not  fearing  any  thing,  and  kindly  bad  vs  welcome  in  English. 
He  was  a  Sagamo,  towards  the  North,  where  the  ships 
vse  to  fish,  and  did  know  the  names  of  most  of  the 
Masters  that  vsed  thither:  such  victuall  as  we  had  we 
gaue  him,  being  the  first  Saluage  we  yet  could  speake  with. 

He  told  vs  this  place  where  we  were  was  called  Patuxet, 
and  that  all  the  people  three  or  foure  yeeres  agoe  [1617-18J 
there  died  on  the  plague.  In  a  day  or  two  we  could  not 
be  rid  of  him ;  then  he  returned  to  the  Massasoyts  from 
whence  he  came,  where  is  some  sixty  people :  but  the 
Nawsits  are  100.  strong,  which  were  they  [who]  encountred 
our  people  at  the  first. 

Two  daies  after,  this  Samoset,  for  so  was  his  name,  came 
againe,  and  brought  fiue  or  six  of  the  Massasoyts  with  him, 
with  certaine  skinnes,  and  certaine  tooles  they  had  got 
that  we  had  left  in  the  woods  at  their  alarums:  much 
friendship  they  promised,  and  so  departed;  but  Samoset  would 
not  leaue  vs,  but  fained  himselfe  sicke,  yet  at  last  he  went 
to  entreat  the  Saluages  [to]  come  againe  to  confirme  a  peace. 

Now  the  third  time,  as  we  were  consulting  of  our 
Marshall  orders,  two  Saluages  appeared;  but  when  we 
went  to  them  they  vanished :  not  long  after  came  Samoset, 
and  Squanto,  a  natiue  of  Patuxet  where  we  dwell,  and  one 
of  them  carried  into  Spaine  by  Hunt  [pp.  219,  698],  thence 
brought  into  England,  where  a  good  time  he  liued  :  and  now 


Ed  ^1^624:]   Lib.  6.     conditions  with  the  Saluages.  755 

here  signified  vnto  vs,  their  great  Sachem  of  Massasoyt,  with  [1621] 
Quadaquina  his  brother,  and  all  their  men,  was  there  by  to 
see  vs.  Not  willing  to  send  our  Gouernour,  we  sent  Edward 
Wollisio  [Winslow]  with  presents  to  them  both,  to  know 
their  minds;  making  him  to  vnderstand  by  his  Interpreters 
how  King  lames  did  salute  him  and  was  his  friend. 

After  a  little  conference,  with  twenty  of  his  men  he 
came  ouer  the  brooke  to  our  Plantation,  where  we  set 
him  vpon  a  rug ;  and  then  [we]  brought  our  Gouernour  to 
him  with  Drums  and  Trumpets  :  where  after  some  cir- 
cumstances, for  they  vse  few  complements,  we  treated  of 
peace  with  them  to  this  effect. 

That  neither  he  nor  any  of  his  should  iniury  or  doe  Their 
hurt  to  any  of  vs  ;  if  they  did,  he  should  send  vs  the  S'piSI1 
offender,  that  we  might  punish  him  :  and  wee  would 
doe  the  like  to  him. 

If  any  did  vniustly  warre  against  him,  we  would  aid 

him,  as  he  should  vs  against  ourenemies;  and  to  send  to 

his  neighbour  confederats  to  certifie  them  of  this,  that 

they  might  likewise  be  comprised  in  these  conditions. 

That  when  any  of  them  came  to  vs,  they  should 

leaue  their  Bow  and  Arrowes  behinde  them  ;  as  we 

would  our  peeces,  when  we  came  to  them. 

All  which  the  King  seemed  to  like  well  of,  and  was 

applauded  of  his  followers.    In  his  person  hee  is  a  very 

lusty  man,  in    his   best  yeeres,  an  able  body,  graue   of 

countenance,  and   spare  of   speech  :    in   his  attire   little 

differing  from  the  rest. 

After  all  was  done,  the  Gouernour  conducted  him  to  the 
brooke,  but  kept  our  hostage  till  our  messengers  returned ; 
in  like  manner  we  vsed  Quaddaquina:  so  all  departed  good 
friends. 

Two  of  his  people  would  haue  staied  with  vs,  but  wee 
would  not  permit  them,  onely  Samoset  and  Squanto  wee 
entertained  kindly;  as  yet  [11  Dec.  1621]  wee  haue  found 
they  intend  to  keepe  promise,  for  they  haue  not  hurt  our 
men  they  haue  found  stragling  in  the  Woods,  and  are 
afraid  of  their  powerfull  Aduersaries  the  Narrohiggansets, 
against  whom  hee  hopes  to  make  vse  of  our  helpe. 

The  next  day,  Squanto  went  a  fishing  for  Eeles,  and  in 
an  houre  he  did  tread  as  many  out  of  the  0[o]se  with  his 


756  [Their  voyage  to  Pakanoki(ck).]     Lib.  6.  [^ 


Winslow 
Dec.  1 6a  i. 


[1621]      feet  as  he  could  lift  with  his  hand,  not  hauing  any  other 
instrument. 

a  iour-  But  that  we  might  know  their  habitations  so  well  as 

VakixuM.  they  ours,  Stephen  Hopkins  and  Edward  Winslo[w)  had 
Squantum  for  their  guide  and  Interpreter,  [and  were  sent]  to 
Packanoki,  the  habitation  of  the  King  of  Massasoyt,  with  a 
red  horsemans  coat  for  a  present,  to  entreat  him  by  reason 
we  had  not  victuall  to  entertaine  them  [234]as  we  would, 
he  would  defend  his  people  so  much  from  visiting  vs;  and  if 
hee  did  send,  he  should  alwaies  send  with  the  Messenger  a 
copper  Chaine  theygaue  him,  that  theymight  knowhecame 
from  him,  and  also  giue  them  some  of  his  Come  for  seede. 
That  night  they  lodged  at  Namascet,  some  fifteene  miles 
off:  by  the  way  we  found  ten  or  twelue  women  and 
children  that  still  would  pester  vs  till  we  were  weary  of 
them;  perceiuing  it  is  the  manner  of  them,  where  victuall 
is  to  bee  gotten  with  most  ease,  there  they  will  Hue  :  but 
on  that  Riuer  of  Namaschet  haue  beene  many  habitations 
of  the  Saluages  that  are  dead,  and  the  land  lies  waste  ;  and 
the  Riuer  abounding  with  great  plenty  of  fish,  and  hath 
beene  much  frequented  by  the  French, 
c^ageof  The  next  day,  trauelling  with  six  or  seuen  Indians, 
s«°,£cL  where  we  were  to  wade  ouer  the  Riuer,  did  dwell  onely 
two  old  men  of  that  Nation  then  liuing :  that  thinking  vs 
enemies,  sought  the  best  aduantage  they  could  to  fight 
with  vs,  with  a  wonderfull  shew  of  courage ;  but  when 
they  knew  vs  their  friends,  they  kindly  welcommed  vs. 
kTiT  ™«i  After,  we  came  to  a  towne  of  the  Massasoits ;  but  at  Pakanoki 
the  King  was  not :  towards  night  he  arriued  and  was  very 
proud,  both  of  our  message  and  presents,  making  a  great 
oration  to  all  his  people. 

Was  not  he  Massasoit,  Commander  of  the  country 

about  him,  was  not  such  a  towne  his,  and  the  people 

of  it,  and  20.  townes  more  he  named  was  his  ?  and 

should  they  not  bring  their  skins  to  vs  ? 

To  which  they  answered,  they  were  his  and  they  would. 

Victual   they  had  none,  nor  any  lodging  but  a  poore 

planke  or  two,  a  foot  high  from  the  ground,  whereon  his 

wife  and  he  lay  at  the  one  end,  we  at  the  other,  but  a  thin 

Mat  vpon  them  ;  two  more  of  his  chiefe  men  pressed  by 


Saluages. 


^'^/uiy^:]  Lib.  6.         Their  voyage  to  Nawsit.  757 

and  vpon  vs,  so  that  we  were  worse  weary  of  our  lodging      [1623] 
then  of  our  iourney. 

Although  there  is  such  plenty  of  fish  and  fowle  and  wild 
beasts, yet  are  they  so  lasie  they  will  not  take  painesto  catch 
it  till  meere  hunger  constraine  them  ;  for  in  two  or  three 
daies  we  had  scarce  a  meales  meat,  whereby  we  were  so  faint, 
we  were  glad  to  be  at  home  :  besides  what  for  the  fleas,  and 
their  howling  and  singing  in  the  night  in  their  houses,  and 
the  Musketas  without  doores,  our  heads  were  as  light  for 
want  of  sleepe,  as  our  bellies  empty  for  want  of  meat. 

The  next  voiagewe  made  was  in  a  Shallop  with  ten  men  to  a  voyage  tc 
Nawsit,  sixteene  miles  from  vs,  to  fetch  a  Boy  [that]  was  lost     aw"  ' 
in  the  Woods  we  heard  was  there,  whom  A  spinet  their  King 
had  bedecked  like  a  saluage  :  but  very  kindly  he  brought 
him  to  vs,  and  so  returned  well  to  Patuyet  [i.e.,  Patuxet]. 

Mmediatly  after  the  arriuall  of  the  last  ship,  they  1621. 
sent  another  of  flue  and  fifty  tuns  to  supply  \p.  *io.\ 
them  ;  with  seuen  and  thirty  persons  they  set 
saile  in  the  beginning  of  Iuly  [1621],  but  being 
crossed  by  westernly  winds,  it  was  the  end  of  August  ere 
they  could  passe  Plimoth,  and  arriued  in  New-England  at 
New-Plimoth,  now  so  called,  the  11.  of  Nouember:  where 
they  found  all  the  people  they  left  so  ill,  lusty  and  well, 
for  all  their  pouerties,  except  six  that  died. 

A  moneth  they  stayed  ere  they  returned  to  England,  loaded 
with  Clap-boord,  Wainscot  and  Wallnut,  with  about  three 
hogs-heads  of  Beuer  skinnes,  the  13.  of  December :  and 
drawing  neere  our  coast  was  set  on  by  a  French  man  set 
out  by  the  Marquesse  of  Cera,  Gouernour  of  He  D[t]eu ; 
where  they  kept  the  ship,  imprisoned  the  Master  and 
company,  tooke  from  them  to  the  value  of  500  pound  :  and 
after  14.  daies  sent  them  home  with  a  poore  supply  of 
victuall,  their  owne  being  deuoured  by  the  Marquesse  and 
his  hungry  seruants. 

pw   you    are   to   vnderstand   this    37.   brought 
nothing,  but  relied  wholly  on  vs ;  to  make  vs 
more  miserable  then  before :  which  the  Sachem 
Couanacus  no  sooner  vnderstood,  but  [he]  sent  ^m739t 
to  Tusquantum  our  Interpreter,  a  bundle  of  new  arrowes    747. 75*4-1 


758  The  treachery  of  Coubatant  Lib.  6.  [^fiJU 


E.  Winslow. 
i6ai. 


[1621]  in  a  Snakesskinne.  Tusquantumbeing  absent,  the  Messenger 
departed:  but  when  we  vnderstood  it  was  a  direct  challenge, 
we  returned  the  skin  full  of  powder  and  shot,  with  an 
absolute  defiance ;  which  caused  vs  [to]  finish  our  fortifi- 
cation with  all  expedition.  Now  betwixt  our  two  Saluages, 
Tusquantum  and  Hobbamock,  grew  such  great  emulation,  we 
had  much  adoe  to  know  which  best  to  trust. 

In  a  iourney  we  vndertooke,  in  our  way  we  met  a 
Saluage  of  Tusquantums,  that  had  cut  his  face  [235]  fresh 
bleeding,  to  assure  vs  Massasoyt  our  supposed  friend,  had 
drawne  his  forces  to  Packanokick  to  assault  vs.  Hobo- 
mak  as  confidently  assured  vs  it  was  false,  and  sent  his 
wife  as  an  espy  to  see ;  but  when  she  perceiued  all  was 
well,  shee  told  the  King  Massasoyt  how  Tusquantum  had 
abused  him.  Diuers  Saluages  also  hee  had  caused  to  be- 
leeue  we  would  destroy  them,  but  he  would  doe  his  best 
to  appease  vs ;  this  he  did  onely  to  make  his  Country- 
men beleeue  what  great  power  hee  had  with  vs  to  get 
bribes  on  both  sides,  to  make  peace  or  warre  when  he 
would  :  and  the  more  to  possesse  them  with  feare,  he  per- 
swaded  many,  we  had  buried  the  plague  in  our  store  house  ; 
which  wee  could  send  when  we  listed  whither  wee  would. 

But  at  last  all  his  knauery  being  discouered,  Massasowat 
sent  his  knife  with  Messengers  for  his  head  or  him,  being 
his  subiect.  With  much  adoe,  we  appeased  the  angry  King 
and  the  rest  of  the  Saluages,  and  freely  forgaue  Tusquantum; 
because  he  speaking  our  language,  we  could  not  well  be 
without  him. 

A  iourney  to  the  Towne  of  Namaschet,  in  defence 

of  the  King  of  Massasoyt,  against  the 

Narrohigganses  ;  and  the  supposed 

death  of  Squantum. 

Great  difference  there  was  betwixt  the  Narro- 
higganses and  the  Massasoytes,  that  had  alwaies 
a  iealousie ;  [and]  Coubatant  one  of  their  petty 
Sachems  was  too  conuersant  with  the  Narrohig- 
ganses. This  Coubatant  liued  much  at  Namaschet,  and  much 
stormed  at  our  peace  with  his  King  and  others ;  also  at 


Edl  by/uiy^4:]  LlB  6-         and  honesty  of  Hobamak.  759 

Squantum,  and  Tokamahamon,  and  Hobomak  our  friends,  D-621] 
and  chiefe  occasioners  of  our  peace,  for  which  he  sought 
to  mu[r]ther  Hobomak,  Yet  Tokamahamon  went  tohim,vpon 
a  rumour  he  had  taken  Masasoyt  prisoner,  or  forced  him 
from  his  Country;  but  the  other  two  would  not,  but  in  priuat 
to  see  if  they  could  heare  what  was  become  of  their  King. 

Lodging  at  Namaschet  they  were  discouered  to  Coubatant, 
who  surprized  the  house  and  tooke  Squantum  ;  saying,  if 
hee  were  dead  the  English  had  lost  their  tongue  :  Hobomak 
seeing  that,  and  [that]  Coubatant  held  a  knife  at  his 
brest,  being  a  strong  lusty  fellow,  brake  from  them ;  and 
came  to  New-Plimoth,  full  of  sorrow  for  Squantum,  whom 
he  thought  was  slaine. 

The  next  day,  we  sent  ten  men  with  him  armed,  to  be  t^t. 
reuenged  on  Coubatant;  who  conducted  vs  neere  Namaschet,  lavages, 
where  we  rested  and  refreshed  our  selues  til  midnight,  and 
then  we  beset  the  house  as  we  had  resolued.  Those  that 
entred  the  house  demanded  for  Coubatant,  but  the 
Saluages  were  halfe  dead  with  feare:  we  charged  them  not 
to  stirre,  for  we  came  to  hurt  none  but  Coubatant,  for 
killing  Squantum.  Some  of  them  seeking  to  escape  was 
wounded ;  but  at  last  perceiuing  our  ends,  they  told  vs 
Coubatant  was  gone  and  all  his  men,  and  Squantum  was 
yet  liuing,  and  in  the  towne.  In  this  hurly  burly  we  dis- 
charged two  peeces  at  randome,  which  much  terrified  all 
the  inhabitants  except  Squantum  and  Tokamahamon;  who 
though  they  knew  not  the  end  of  our  comming,  yet  as- 
sured themselues  of  our  honesties,  that  we  would  not  hurt 
them.  The  women  and  children  hung  about  Hobomak, 
calling  him  friend;  and  when  they  saw  we  would  hurt  no 
women,  the  young  youths  cryed  we  are  women.  To  be 
short,  we  kept  them  all ;  and  whilest  we  were  searching  the 
house  for  Coubatant,  Hobomak  had  got  to  the  top,  and 
called  Squantum  and  Tokamahamon;  which  came  vnto  vs 
accompanied  with  others,  some  armed,  others  naked. 
Those  that  had  bowes  we  tooke  them  from  them,  promising 
them  againe  when  it  was  day.  The  house  wee  tooke  for 
our  quarter  that  night,  and  discharged  the  prisoners ;  and 
the  next  morning  went  to  breakfast  to  Squantums  house. 

Thither  came  all  them  that  loued  vs  to  welcome  vs,  but 
all  Coubatants  faction  was  fled.  Then  we  made  them 
plainly  know  the  cause  of  our  comming,  and  if  their  King 


760  [New  England  trials  in  162 1  #^1622.]  Lib.  6.  [l6Juiyl6aa. 

[1621-2]  Massasoyt  were  not  well,  we  would  be  reuenged  vpon  the 
Narrohiggansets,  or  any  that  should  doe  iniury  to  Hobomak, 
Squantum,  or  any  of  their  friends.  As  for  those  [that]  were 
wounded  we  were  sorry  for  it,  and  offered  our  Surgion 
should  heale  them  :  of  this  offer  a  man  and  a  woman 
accepted,  that  went  [236]  home  with  vs,  accompanied 
with  Squantum,  and  many  other  knowne  friends,  that 
offered  vs  all  the  kindnesse  they  could. 

t>.  361.]  ^|  \^£lf4  Rom  the  West  of  England  there  is  gone  ten 
or  twelue  ships  to  fish,  which  were  all  well 
fraughted ;  those  that  came  first  at  Bilbow, 
made  seuenteene  pound  a  single  share,  besides 
Beuers,  Otters,  and  Martins  skinnes:  but  some  of  the  rest 
that  came  to  the  same  ports,  that  were  all  ready  furnished,  so 
glutted  the  market,  that  the  price  was  abated;  yet  all  returned 
so  well  contented,  that  they  are  a  preparing  to  goe  againe. 
1622.  There  is  gone  from  the  West  Countrey  onely  to  fish, 

fiue  and  thirtie  ships  :  and  about  the  last  of  Aprill  [1622] 
two  more  from  London  ;  the  one  of  one  hundred  tunnes,  the 
other  of  thirtie,  with  some  sixtie  Passengers  to  supply  the 
Plantation  [i.e.,  Weston's  men,  see  pp.  762, 764,892,942,946]. 

Now  though  the  Turke  and  French  hath  beene  somewhat 
too  busie  in  taking  our  ships,  would  all  the  Christian 
Princes  be  truly  at  vnitie,  as  his  Royall  Maiestie  our 
Soueraigne  King  lames  desireth,  seuentie  Saile  of  good 
ships  were  sufficient  to  fire  the  most  of  his  Coasts  in  the 
[/.  «6a.]  Leuant,  and  make  such  a  guard  in  the  Straights  of 
Hellespont,  as  would  make  the  great  Turke  himselfe  more 
affraid  in  Constantinople,  then  the  smallest  Red-Crosse  that 
crosses  the  Seas  would  be,  either  of  any  French  Pickaroun, 
or  the  Pirats  of  A  Igere, 

An  abstract  of  dtuers  Relations  sent  from  the  Colony 
in  New  England,  Iuly  16.  1622. 

Notesand     /^9w^nce  ^e  massacre  m  Virginia  [on  22  Mar.  1622], 
though  the  Indians  continue  their  wonted  friend- 
ship, yet  wee  are  more  wary  of  them  then  before  ; 
for  their  hands  hath  beene  imbrued  in  much 
English  bloud,  onely  by  too  much  confidence,  but  not  by 
force:  and  we  haue  had  small  supplies  of  any  thing  but  men. 


tions. 


M-*/ui??&5:]  Lib.  6.     [A  digression  by  Captain  Smith]       761 

I  Ere  I  must  intreat  a  little  your  fauours  todigresse,  [1622] 
they  did  not  kill  the  English  in  Virginia,  because 
they  were  Christians  :  but  for  their  weapons 
and  Copper,  which  were  rare  nouelties;  but 
now  they  feare  we  may  beat  them  out  of  their  dens,  which 
Lions  and  Tigers  will  not  admit  [of]  but  by  force.  But  must 
this  be  an  argument  for  an  English  man,  and  discourage  any 
in  Virginia  or  New  England :  No,  for  I  haue  tried  them 
both,  as  you  may  reade  at  large  in  the  Historie  of  Virginia  ; 
notwithstanding  since  I  came  from  thence,  the  Honourable  IA  a63-i 
Company  hath  beene  humble  suiters  to  his  Maiestie,  to 
get  vagabonds  and  condemned  men  to  goe  thither ;  nay, 
so  the  businesse  hath  beene  so  abused,  that  so  much 
scorned  was  the  name  of  Virginia,  some  did  chuse  to  be 
hanged  ere  they  would  goe  thither,  and  were.  Yet  for  all 
the  worst  of  spight,  detraction,  and  discouragement,  and  this 
lamentable  massacre,  there  is  more  honest  men  now  [1622] 
suiters  to  goe,  then  euer  hath  beene  constrained  knaues. 
And  it  is  not  vnknowne  to  most  men  of  vnderstanding,  now 
happy  many  of  those  Collumners  hath  thought  themselues 
that  they  might  be  admitted  ;  and  yet  pay  for  their  passage 
to  goe  now  to  Virginia,  and  I  feare  mee  there  goeth  too  many 
of  those  that  hath  shifted  heere  till  they  could  no  longer ; 
and  they  will  vse  that  qualitie  there  till  they  hazard  all. 

To  range  this  Countrey  of  New  England  in  like  manner,  \p.  264.] 
I  had  but  eight,  as  is  said,  and  amongst  their  bruit  con- 
ditions, I  met  many  of  their  silly  encounters,  and  I  giue  to»-  i8s. 
God  thankes,  without  any  hurt  at  all  to  me,  or  any  with    6g8, 7I9<1 
mee.  When  your  West-Countrey  men  were  so  wounded  and 
tormented  with  the  Saluages  [p.  701J  :  though  they  had  all 
the  Politicke  directions  that  had  beene  gathered  from  all  the 
secret  informations  [that]  could  be  heard  of;  yet  they  found 
little,  and  returned  with  nothing.  I  speak  not  this  out  of  vaine- 
glory,  as  it  may  be  some  gleaners,  or  some  who  were  neuer 
there  may  censure  me ;  but  to  let  all  men  be  assured  by  those 
examples,  what  those  Saluages  are,  that  thus  strangely  doe 
murder  and  betray  our  Countrymen.     But  to  the  purpose. 

He  Paragon  with  thirtie  seuen  men  sent  to  releeue  \#.  964, 
them,  miscarried  twice  vpon  [237]  our  English    ?66,  94,° 
Coast,  whereby  they  failed  of  their  supplies.     It 
is  true,  there  hath  beene  taken  one  thousand 


762 


How  the  Saluages  contriue 


Lib.  6.  [,E- 


10  Sept.  1623. 


[1622] 


They  liued 
two  yeeres 
without 
supply. 


Bas[s]es  at  a  draught ;  and  in  one  night  twelue  Hogsheads 
of  Herrings  :  but  when  they  wanted  all  necessaries  both 
for  fishing  and  sustinance  but  what  they  could  get  with 
their  naked  industry,  they  indured  most  extreme  wants ; 
hauing  beene  now  neere  two  yeeres  without  any  supply  to 
any  purpose,  it  is  a  wonder  how  they  should  subsist,  much 
lesse  so  to  resist  the  Saluages,  fortifie  themselues,  plant 
sixtie  acres  of  Come,  besides  their  Gardens  that  were  well 
replenished  with  many  vsuall  fruits. 


Westons 
Plantation 


[/•  764-] 


Ut  in  the  beginning  of  Iuly  [1622],  came  in  two 

ships  of  Master  Westons;  though  we  much  wanted 

our  selues,  yet  we  releeued  them  what  we  could  : 

and  to  requite  vs,  they  destroied  our  Corne  and 

Fruits  then   planted,  and  did   what  they  could  to  haue 

done   the  like  to  vs.     At  last  they  were  transported  to 

Wichaguscusset  at  the  Massachusets,  where  they  abused  the 

Saluages  worse  then  vs. 

We  hauing  neither  Trade,  nor  scarce  any  thing  remain- 
ing, God  sent  in  one  Master  I  ones,  and  a  ship  of  Westons 
[that]  had  beene  at  Monahigan  amongst  the  Fisher-men, 
that  for  Beuer  skinnes  and  such  Merchandize  as  wee  had, 
very  well  refreshed  vs,  though  at  deere  rates.  Weston  left 
also  his  men  a  small  Barke,  and  much  good  prouision  ; 
and  so  set  saile  for  England.  Then  wee  ioyned  with  them 
to  trade  to  the  Southward  of  Cape  Cod,  twice  or  thrice 
wee  were  forced  to  returne ;  first  by  the  death  of  their 
Gouernor ;  then  the  sicknesse  of  Captaine  Standish.  At 
last  our  Gouernor,  Master  Bradford,  vndertooke  it  him- 
selfe  to  haue  found  the  passage  betwixt  the  Shoules  and 
The  death  of  the  Maine.  Then  Tusquantum  our  Pilot  died,  so  that  we 
returned  to  the  Massachusets,  where  we  found  the  trade 
spoiled  ;  and  nothing  but  complaints  betwixt  the  Saluages 
and  the  English.  At  Nawset  we  were  kindly  vsed  and  had 
good  trade :  though  we  lost  our  Barge,  the  Saluages  care- 
fully kept  both  her  wracke,  and  some  ten  Ho[g]sheads  of 
Corne  three  moneths  ;  and  so  we  returned  some  by  land, 
some  in  the  ship. 

Captaine  Standish  being  recouered,  went  to  fetch  them 
both,  and  traded  at   Namasket  and  Monomete,  where  the 


Tusquan- 


Ed'  *&?$%]  Lib.  6.     to  murder  all  the  English.  763 

people   had  the   plague,  a   place  much   frequented  with      [1623] 
Dutch  and  French.     Here  the  Sachem  put  a  man  to  death  £*^*£"s 
for  killing  his  fellow  at  play ;  wherein  they  are  so  violent,  death 
they  will  play  their  coats  from  their  backs,  and  also  their  InSShto 
wiues,  though  many  miles  from  them.  Sugo 

But  our  prouision  decaying,  Standish  is  sent  to  Malta-  dweiiwith 
chist,  where  they  pretended  their  wonted  loue ;  yet  it  plainly  mens  cfod, 
appeared  they  intended  to  kill  him.     Escaping  thence,  wee  wL'a'good 
went  to  Monomete,  where  we  found  nothing  but  bad  counten-  Gl- 
ances.    Heare  one  Wittuwamat  a  notable  villaine,  would 
boast  how  many  French  and  English  hee  had  slaine.  This 
Champion  presenting  a  Dagger  to  the  Sachem  Canacum,  he 
had  got  from  the  English,  occasioned  vsto  vnderstand  how 
they  had  contriued  to  murder  all  the  English  in  the  Land;  The^ 
but  hauing  such  a  faire  opportunitie,  they  would  begin  heere  mu^Vu 
with  vs.     Their  scornfull  vsage  made  the  Captaine  so  pas-  the  English, 
sionate,  to  appease  his  anger  and  choler  their  intent  made 
many  faire  excuses  for  satisfaction.    Scar  a  lusty  Saluage, 
alwaies  seeming  the  most  to  effect  vs,  bestowed  on  vs  the 
best  presents  he  had  without  anyrecompence,  saying;  Hee 
was  rich  enough  to  bestow  such  fauours  on  his  friends  :  yet 
had  [he]  vndertaken  to  kill  the  Captaine  himselfe,  but  our 
vigilencies  so  preuented  the  aduantage  they  expected,  we 
safely  returned,  little  suspecting  in  him  any  such  treachery. 

During  this  time,  a  Dutch  ship  was  driuen  a  shore  at  Thesis 
Massasowat,  whose  King  lay  very  sicke.     Now  because  it  is  SI  Mas- 
a  generall  custome  then  for  all  their  friends  to  visit  them  :  sasowa*' 
Master  Window,  and  Master  Hamden,  with  Habamok  for 
their  guide,  were  sent  with  such  Cordialls  as  they  had,  to 
salute  him.     By  the  way  they  so  oft  heard  the  King  was 
dead,  Habamok  would  breake  forth  in  those  words. 

My  louing  Sachem,  my  louing  Sachem,  many  haue  I 
knowne,  but  neuer  any  like  thee,  nor  shall  euer  see 
the  like  amongst  the  Saluages ;  for  he  was  no  Her,  nor 
bloudy  and  cruell  like  other  Indians ;  in  anger  soone 
reclaimed,  he  would  be  ruled  by  reason,  not  scorning 
the  aduice  of  meane  men,  and  gouerned  his  men  better 
with  a  few  strokes,  then  others  with  many :  truly 
louing  where  he  loued,  yea  he  feared  wee  [238]  had 
not  a  faithfull  friend  left  amongst  all  his  Countrey-men. 
Shewing  how  oft  he  had  restrained  their  malice,  much 


764 


The  valour  and  courage         Lib.  6.  [^'s^510' 


1693. 


1623] 


His  cure  by 
the  English. 


The  King* 

thankful- 

nesse. 


A  bad 
example. 


more,  with  much  passion,  he  spoke  to  this  purpose,  till  at 
last  we  arriued,  where  we  found  the  Dutchmen  but  newly 
gone,  and  the  house  so  full  we  could  hardly  get  in.  By 
their  charmes  they  distempered  vs  that  were  well,  much 
more  him  that  was  sicke  ;  women  rubbing  him  to  keepe 
heat  in  him :  but  their  charmes  ended,  vnderstanding  of 
vs,  though  he  had  lost  his  sight,  his  vnderstanding  failed 
not ;  but  taking  Winslow  by  the  hand,  said,  Art  thou 
Winslow,  Oh  Winslow,  I  shall  neuer  see  thee  againe  ! 

Hobamock  telling  him  what  restauratiues  they  had 
brought,  he  desired  to  taste  them.  With  much  adoe  they 
got  a  little  Confexion  of  many  comfortable  Conserues  into 
his  mouth  ;  as  it  desolued  he  swallowed  it ;  then  desoluing 
more  of  it  in  water,  they  scraped  his  tongue,  which  was 
al  furred  and  swolne,  and  washed  his  mouth,  and  then 
gaue  him  more  of  it  to  eat,  and  in  his  drinke,  that 
wrought  such  an  alteration  in  him  in  two  or  three  houres, 
his  eies  opened  to  our  great  contents.  With  this  and  such 
brothes  as  they  there  prouided  for  him,  it  pleased  God 
he  recouered  :  and  thus  the  manner  of  his  sicknesse  and 
cure  caused  no  small  admiration  amongst  them. 

During  the  time  of  their  stay  to  see  his  recouery,  they 
had  sent  to  New  Plimoth  for  diuers  good  things  for  him ; 
which  he  tooke  so  kindly,  that  he  fully  reuealed  all  the 
former  conspiracies  against  vs,  to  which  he  had  oft  beene 
moued :  and  how  that  all  the  people  of  Powmet,  Nawset, 
Succonet,  Mattachist,  Manamet,  Augawam,  and  Capawac, 
were  ioyned  to  murder  vs  ;  therefore  as  we  respected  our 
Hues,  kill  them  of  Massachuset  that  were  the  authors ;  for 
take  away  the  principals  and  the  plot  wil  cease. 

Thus  taking  our  leaues,  and  arriuing  at  our  fort,  we 
found  our  braue  liberall  friend  of  Pa[w]met  drawing  Standish 
to  their  Ambuscados ;  which  being  thus  discouered,  we 
sent  him  away,  as  though  he  knew  nor  suspected  any  thing. 

Them  [Weston* s  Englishmen,  pp.  760,  762]  at  the 
Massachusets,  some  were  so  vilde  they  serued  the  Saluages 
for  victuall :  the  rest  sent  vs  word  the  Saluages  were  so 
insolent,  they  would  assault  them  though  against  theii 
Commission ;  so  fearefull  they  were  to  breake  their  Com- 
mission, so  much  time  was  spent  in  consultations,  they 
all  were  famished,  till  Wassapincwat  againe  came  and  told 
them  the  day  of  their  execution  was  at  hand. 


■""Vu,!^:]  Lib.  6 


of  Captaine  Standish. 


765 


Then  they  {the  Pilgrim  Fathers]  appointed  Standish  with 
eight  chosen  men,  vnder  colour  of  Trade,  to  catch  them  in 
their  owne  trap  at  Massachuset,  and  acquaint  it  with  the 
English  in  the  Towne :  where  arriuing  he  found  none  in 
the  Barke,  and  most  of  the  rest  without  Armes,  or  scarce 
clothes,  wandering  abroad,  all  so  sencelesly  secure,  he 
more  then  wondered  they  were  not  all  slaine.  With  much 
adoe  he  got  the  most  of  them  to  their  Towne. 

The  Saluages  suspecting  their  plots  discouered,  Pecksnot 
a  great  man,  and  of  as  great  a  spirit,  came  to  Habamak,  who 
was  then  amongst  them,  saying;  Te\\  Standish  we  know  he 
is  come  to  kill  vs,  but  let  him  begin  when  he  dare.  Not  long 
after  many  would  come  to  the  Fort  and  whet  their  Kniues 
before  him,  with  many  brauing  speeches.  One  amongst  the 
rest  was  by  Wittawamat  bragging  he  had  a  Knife,  that  on 
the  handle  had  the  picture  of  a  womans  face  ;  but  at  home 
I  haue  one  [that]  hath  killed  both  French  and  English,  and 
that  hath  a  mans  face  on  it ;  and  by  and  by  these  two  must 
marrie :  but  this  here,  by  and  by  shall  see,  and  by  and  by 
eat,  but  not  speake.  Also  Pecksnot  being  of  a  greater  stature 
then  the  Captaine,  told  him,  though  he  were  a  great 
Captaine  he  was  but  a  little  man ;  and  I  though  no  Sachem, 
yet  I  am  of  great  strength  and  courage. 

These  things  Standish  bare  patiently  for  the  present ; 
but  the  next  day  seeing  he  could  not  get  many  of  them 
together,  but  these  two  Roarers  and  two  more ;  being  in  a 
conuenient  roome,  and  his  company  about  him,  Standish 
seased  on  Pecksnots  Knife  then  hanging  about  his  necke, 
wherewith  he  slewhim,and  the  rest  slew  Wittuwamat  and  the 
other  Saluage :  but  the  youth  they  tooke,  who  being  Brother 
to  Wittuwamat,  and  as  villanous  as  himselfe,  was  hanged. 
It  is  incredible  how  many  wounds  they  indured,  catching  at 
their  weapons  without  any  feare  or  bruit,  till  the  last  gasp. 

Habamack  stood  by  all  this  time  very  silent,  but  all  ended,  he 
said,  Yesterday  Pecksnot  bragged  of  his  strength  and  stature, 
but  I  see  you  are  big  enough  to  lay  him  on  the  ground.  [239] 

The  Towne  he  left  to  the  guard  of  Westons  people  : 
three  Saluages  more  were  slaine ;  vpon  which  rumour 
they  all  fled  from  their  houses. 

The  next  day,  they  met  with  a  file  of  Saluages  that  let 
fly   their   Arrowes,  shot   for  shot,  till  Hobamack  shewed 


[1623] 

Captaine 
Standish 
sent  to  sup 
presse  the 
Saluages. 


Two 

desperate 
Saluages 
slaine. 


The 

Saluages 
ouer- 
commed. 


766  A  wonderfull  blessing,       Lib.  6.  [ Js™n^*; 

[1623]  himselfe,  and  then  they  fled.  For  all  this,  a  Saluage  Boy 
to  shew  his  innocency,  came  boldly  vnto  vs  and  told  vs  : 
Had  the  English  Fugitiues  [Weston* s  men]  but  finished  the 
three  Canowes  they  were  a  making,  to  haue  taken  the 
ship,  they  would  haue  done  as  much  to  all  the  English ; 
which  was  onely  the  cause  they  had  forborne  so  long. 

But  now  consulting  and  considering  their  estates,  those 
that  [chose]  went  in  the  Pinnace  to  Barty  lies  to  get 
passage  for  England ;  the  rest  to  New  Plimoth,  where  they 
were  kindly  entertained.  The  Sachem  Obtakeest,  and  Powas, 
and  diuers  other  [that]  were  guilty,  the  three  fugitiues  in 
their  fury  there  slew :  but  not  long  after  so  distracted 
were  those  poore  scattered  people,  they  left  their  habi- 
tations, liuing  in  swamps;  where  with  cold  and  infinite 
diseases  they  endured  much  mortalitie,  suing  for  peace,  and 
crying  the  God  of  England  is  angry  with  them.  Thus  you 
see  where  God  pleases,  as  some  flourish,  others  perish. 
1623.  Now  on  all  hands  they  prepare  their  ground,  and  about 

drought!"16   tne  niiddest  of  Aprill  [1623],  in  a  faire  season  they  begin  to 
la  94aj       plant  till  the  latter  end  of  May;  but  so  God  pleased,  that  in 
six  weekes  after  the  latter  setting  there  scarcefell  any  raine  ; 
so  that  the  stalke  [that]  was  first  set,  began  to  eare  ere  it 
came  to  halfe  growth,  and  the  last  not  like[ly]  to  yeeld  any- 
thing at  all.     Our  Beanes  also  seemed  so  withered,  we 
iudged  all  vtterly  dead,  that  now  all  our  hopes  were  ouer- 
throwne,  and  our  ioy  turned  into  mourning.     And  more  to 
^x!?4' 76*'  our  sorrow,  we  heard  of  the  twice  returne  of  the  Paragon, 
that  now  the  third  time  was  sent  vs  three  moneths  agoe,  but 
no  newes  of  her:  onely  the  signes  of  a  wracke  we  saw  on  the 
Coast,  which  wee  iudged  [to  be]  her.    This  caused  not  [only] 
euery  of  vs  to  enter  into  a  priuate  consideration  betwixt  God 
and  our  consciences;  but  most  solemnly  to  humble  our 
selues  before  the  Lord  by  fasting  and  praying,  to  releeue 
our  deiected  spirits  by  the  comforts  of  his  mercy.     In  the 
morning  when  wee  assembled  all  together,  the  skies  were 
a  wonderfuii  as  cleere,  and  the  drought  as  like  to  continue  as  euer;  yet 
Sipenofand  our  exercise  continued  eight  or  nine  houres.     Before  our 
God'*iou«.    departure,  the  skies  were  all  ouer-cast,  and  on  the  next 
morning  distilled   such    soft,    sweet,    moderate   showers, 
continuing  foureteene  daies,  mixed  with  such  seasonable 
weather,   as  it  was  hard  tc  say,  whether  our  withered 


"*"  ^jJnfTJ*'.]  Lib.  6.     and  signe  of  God's  loue.  767 

Come,  or  drooping  affections  were   most  quickned  and      [1623] 
reuiued  ;  such  was  the  bounty  and  mercy  of  God. 

Of  this  thelndians  by  the  meanes  of  Hobamock  tooke  notice, 
who  seeing  vs  vse  this  exercise  in  the  midst  of  the  weeke, 
said  ;  It  was  but  three  daies  since  Sunday,  and  desired  to 
know  the  reason  :  which  when  hee  vnderstood,  he  and  all 
of  them  admired  the  goodnesse  of  God  towards  vs,  shewing 
the  difference  betwixt  their  coniurations  and  our  praiers, 
and  what  stormes  and  dangers  they  oft  receiue  thereby. 

To  expresse  our  thankfulnesse,  we  assembled  together 
another  day,  as  before;  and  either  the  next  morning, 
or  not  long  after,  came  in  two  ships  to  supply  vs;  and 
all  their  Passengers  well  except  one,  and  he  presently 
recouered.  For  vs,  notwithstanding  all  these  wants,  there 
was  not  a  sicke  person  amongst  vs. 

The  greater  ship  we  returned  fraught ;  the  other  wee  sent 
to  the  Southward,  to  trade  vnder  the  command  of  Captaine 
Altom.  So  that  God  be  thanked,  we  desire  nothing  but 
what  we  will  returne  Commodities  to  the  value. 

Thus  all  men  finde  our  great  God  he, 

That  neuer  wanted  nature, 

To  teach  his  truth,  that  onely  he 

Of  euery  thing  is  Author. 

For  this  yeere  [1623],  from  England  is  gone  about  fortie  gjfygjj 
saile  of  ships,  only  to  fish ;  and,  as  I  am  informed,  haue 
made  a  farre  better  voyage  then  euer. 

ow  some  new  great  obseruers  will  haue  this  [to 
bej  an  Hand,  because  I  haue  writ  it  is  [240]  the  r/.  933-1 
Continent:  others  report,  that  the  people  are 
so  bruit,  they  haue  no  religion,  wherein  surely 
they  are  deceiued ;    for  my  part,  I   neuer  heard  of  any 
Nation  in  the   world   which  had  not  a  Religion,  deare, 
bowes  and  arrowes.     They  beleeue  as  doe  the  Virginians,  Si?Jion. 
of  many  diuine  powers,  yet  of  one  aboue  all  the  rest,  as   &>- 939-1 
the  Southerne  Virginians  call  their  chiefe   God  Kewassa 
[p.  321],  and  that  wee  now  inhabit  Oke  [p.  75],  but  both,  their 
Kings,  Werowance.     The  Massachusets  call  their  great  God 
Kiehtan,  and  their  Kings  there  abouts  Sachems :  The  Penob- 
scoteSj  their  greatest  power  Tantum,  and  their  Kings  Sagomos. 


768   The  Indians  Gouemment  and  Religion.   Lib.  6.  [^pi^Si 

[1623]  Those  where  is  this   Plantation   [New  Plymouth],  say 

Kiehtan  made  all  the  other  Gods :  also  one  man  and  one 
woman,  and  of  them  all  mankinde,  but  how  they  became  so 
dispersed  they  know  not.  They  say,  at  first  there  was  no 
King  but  Kiehtan  that  dwelleth  farre  westerly  aboue  the 
heauens,  whither  all  good  men  goe  when  they  die,  and 
haue  plentie  of  all  things.  The  bad  men  goe  thither  also 
and  knocke  at  the  doore ;  but  he  bids  them  goe  wander  in 
endlesse  want  and  miserie,  for  they  shall  not  stay  there. 
They  neuer  saw  Kiehtan,  but  they  hold  it  a  great  charge 
and  dutie,  that  one  age  teach  another ;  and  to  him  they 
make  feasts,  and  cry  and  sing  for  plentie  and  victorie,  or 
any  thing  [that]  is  good. 

They  haue  another  Power  they  call  Hobatnock,  which 
wee  conceiue  the  Deuill,  and  vpon  him  they  call  to  cure 
their  wounds  and  diseases :  when  they  are  curable  he 
perswades  them  he  sent  them,  because  they  haue  displeased 
him ;  but  if  they  be  mortall,  then  he  saith,  Kiehtan  sent 
them,  which  makes  them  neuer  call  on  him  in  their 
sicknesse.  They  say  this  Hobamock  appeares  to  them 
somtimes  like  a  Man,  a  Deere,  or  an  Eagle,  but  most 
commonly  like  a  Snake;  not  to  all,  but  only  to  their  Powahs 
to  cure  diseases,  and  Vndeses,  which  is  one  of  the  chiefe 
next  the  King,  and  so  bold  in  the  warres,  that  they  thinke 
no  weapon  can  kill  them  :  and  those  are  such  as  coniure 
in  Virginia,  and  cause  the  people  to  doe  what  they  list. 
Their  For  their  Gouernment :  euery  Sachem  is  not  a  King, 

Geuernment.  kut  ^gjj.  great  Sachems  haue  diuers  Sachems  vnder  their 
protection,  paying  them  tribute,  and  [who]  dare  make  no 
warres  without  his  knowledge ;  but  euery  Sachem  taketh 
care  for  the  Widowes,  Orphans,  the  aged  and  maimed, 
nor  will  they  take  any  to  first  wife,  but  them  in  birth 
equall  to  themselues  (although  they  haue  many  inferior 
Wiues  and  Concubins  that  attend  on  the  principall),  from 
whom  he  neuer  parteth,  but  any  of  the  rest  when  they  list. 
They  inherit  by  succession,  and  euery  one  knowes  their 
owne  bounds.  To  his  men,  hee  giueth  them  land,  also 
bounded :  and  what  Deere  they  kill  in  that  circuit,  he 
hath  the  fore-part ;  but  if  in  the  water,  onely  the  skin. 
But  they  account  none  a  man,  till  hee  hath  done  some 
notable  exploit :  the  men  are  most  imploied  in  hunting, 


Ed-byjuiyT<524.]  Lib.  6.  Obiections,  Answers  and  Considerations.  769 


the  women  in  slauery ;  the  younger  obey  the  elders  : 
their  names  are  variable :  they  haue  harlots  and  honest 
women  ;  the  harlots  neuer  marrie,  or  else  are  widowes. 
They  vse  diuorcement,  and  the  King  commonly  punisheth 
all  offenders  himselfe  :  when  a  maid  is  maried,  she  cutteth 
her  haire,  and  keepes  her  head  couered  till  it  be  growne 
againe.  Their  arts,  games,  musicke,  attire,  burials,  and 
such  like,  differ  very  little  from  the  Virginians,  onely  for 
their  Chronicles  they  make  holes  in  the  ground,  as  the 
others  set  vp  great  stones. 

Out  of  the  Relations  of  Master  Edward  Wins  low. 


[1623] 


Ow  I  know  the  common  question  is,  For  An  answer 
all  those  miseries,  where  is  the  wealth  objections, 
they  haue  got,  or  the  Gold  or  Siluer 
Mines  ?  To  such  greedy  vnworthy 
minds  I  say  once  againe  :  The  Sea  is 
better  then  the  richest  Mine  knowne, 
and  of  all  the  fishing  ships  that  went 
well  prouided,  there  is  no  complaint  of 
losse  nor  misery,  but  rather  an  admiration  of  wealth,  profit, 
and  health.  As  for  the  land  were  it  neuer  so  good,  in  two  c#.  926, 
yeeres  [1621-1623]  so  few,  of  such  small  experience,  liuing  942'] 
without  supplies  so  well,  and  in  health,  it  was  an  extra- 
ordinary blessing  from  God.  But  that  with  such  small 
meanes  they  should  subsist,  and  doe  so  much,  to  any  vnder- 
standing  judgement  is  a  wonder.  Notwithstanding,  the 
vaine  expectation  of  present  gaine  in  some ;  ambition  in 
others,  that  to  be  great  would  haue  all  else  slaues ;  and 
the  carelesnesse  in  prouiding  supplies,  hath  caused  those 
defailements  in  all  those  Plantations :  and  how  euer  some 
bad  conditions  will  extoll  the  [241]  actions  of  any  Nation 
but  their  owne ;  yet  if  we  may  giue  credit  to  the  Spaniards, 
Portugals,  and  French  writings,  they  indured  as  many 
miseries,  and  yet  not  in  twenty  yeeres  effected  so  much, 
nay  scarce  in  fortie. 

Thus  you  may   see  plainly  the  yeerely   successe  from   r/.a^.j 
New  England  by  Virginia,  which  hath  beene  so  costly  to 
this  Kingdome,  and  so  deare  to  me ;  which  either  to  see 

49 


770    Obiections,  Answers  and Considerations.  Lib.  6.  r^fSS! 

Ljuly  1624. 

[1622-4]  perish,  or  but  bleed  ;  Pardon  me  though  it  passionate  me 

beyond  the  bounds  of  modesty,  to  haue  beene  sufficiently 

able  to  fore-see  their  miseries,  and  had  neither  power  nor 

meanes  to  preuent  it.     By  that  acquaintance  I  haue  with 

them,  I  call  them  my  children ;  for  they  haue  beene  my 

Wife,  my   Hawks,  Hounds,  my  Cards,  my  Dice,  and  in 

totall,  my  best  content,  as  indifferent  to  my  heart  as  my 

left  hand  [is]  to  my  right.     And  notwithstanding,  all  those 

„         miracles  of  disasters  [that]  haue  crossed  both  them  and  me, 

fcJueTa"'*   yet  were  there  not  an  Englishman  remaining  (as  God  be 

imendVd      thanked  notwithstanding  the   massacre   there   are   some 

£tt£fromr's  thousands),  I  would  yet  begin  againe  with  as  small  meanes 

Virginia,     as  I  did  at  first;  not  that  I  haue  any  secret  encouragement 

Dec.di6io,     (I  protest)  more  then  lamentable  experience :  for  all  their 

PtHSbu-     discoueries  I  haue  yet  heard  of,  are  but  Pigs  of  my  owne 

£hfchi!dTn    ^ow'  nor  more  strange  to  me,  then  to  heare  one  tell  me 

hnPiitrimt,  hee  hath  gone  from  Billingsgate  and  discouered  Grauesend, 

XE'f.\llti    Tilbury,  Quinborow,  Lee,  and  Margit,  which  to  those  [that] 

t>A  217, 358,  did  neuer  heare  of  them,  though  they  dwell  in  England, 

•*s.54^733'.  might  bee  made  some  rare  secrets  and  great  Countries 

747,770.]     vn£nowne;  except  some  few  Relations  of  Master  Dinner 

The  In  England,  some  are  held  great  trauellers  that  haue  seene 

voy^to      Venice,  and  Rome,  Madrill,  Toledo,  Siuill,  Algere,  Prague,  or 

VhSnia      Ragonsa,  Constantinople,  or  Ierusalem,  and  the  Piramides  of 

o/av^T      Egypt ;  that   thinke  it  nothing  to  goe  to  Summer  lies,  or 

Eng     '     Virginia,  which  is  as  far  as  any  of  them  ;  and  I  hope  in  time 

will  proue  a  more  profitable  and  a  more  laudable  iourney : 

as  for  the  danger,  you  see  our  Ladies  and  Gentlewomen 

account  it  nothing  now  to  goe  thither ;  and  therefore  I 

(>.  a66.]      hope  all  good  men  will  better  apprehend  it,  and  not  suffer 

them  to  languish  in  despaire,  whom  God  so  wonderfully 

and  oft  hath  preserued. 

What  here  I  haue  writ  by  Relation,  if  it  be  not  right  I 
humbly  intreat  your  pardons ;  but  I  haue  not  spared  any 
diligence  to  learne  the  truth  of  them  that  haue  beene 
actors,  or  sharers  in  those  voyages.  In  some  particulars 
they  might  deceiue  mee,  but  in  the  substance  they  could 
not :  for  few  could  tell  me  anything,  except  where  they 
fished.  But  seeing  all  those  [that]  haue  liued  there,  doe 
confirme  more  then  I  haue  writ,  I  doubt  not  but  all  those 
testimonies  with  these  new  begun  examples  of  Plantation, 


dctSi622."l  Lib.  6.  Obiec lions,  Answers  and  Considerations.     771 

July  1624.  J 

will  moue  both  Citie  and  Country,  freely  to  aduenture  with   [1622-4] 
me  more  then  promises. 

But  because  some  Fortune-tellers  say,  I  am  vnfortunate  ;  The 
had  they  spent  their  time  as  I  haue  done,  they  would  against  me. 
rather  beleeue  in  God  then  their  calculations,  and  perad- 
uenture  haue  giuen  as  bad  an  account  of  their  actions; 
and  therefore  I  intreat  leaue  to  answer  those  obiecters, 
that  thinke  it  strange,  if  this  be  true,  I  haue  made  no 
more  vse  of  it,  rest  so  long  without  imploiment,  nor  haue 
no  more  reward  nor  preferment.     To  which  I  say ; 

I  thinke  it  more  strange  they  should  tax  me,  before  they  My  answer. 
haue  tried  as  much  as  I  haue,  both  by  land  and  sea,  as 
well  in  Asia  and  Africa,  as  Europe  and  America ;  where 
my  Commanders  were  actors  or  spectators,  they  alwaies 
so  freely  rewarded  me,  I  neuer  needed  [to]  bee  importunate, 
[n]or  could  I  euer  learne  to  beg.  What  there  I  got,  I  haue 
spent ;  yet  in  Virginia  I  staied,  till  I  left  fiue  hundred 
behinde  me  better  prouided  then  euer  I  was;  from  which  r/>.243.] 
blessed  Virgin  (ere  I  returned)  sprung  the  fortunate  habi- 
tation of  Summer  lies. 

This   Virgins  Sister,  now  called  New  England,  at  my  v.  267.) 
humble  sute,  by  our  most  gracious  Prince  Charles,  hath,  beene  [/.  232.] 
neere  as  chargeable  to  me  and  my  friends  :  for  all  which, 
although  I  neuer  got  shilling  but  it  cost  mee  a  pound,  yet 
I  would  thinke  my  selfe  happy  could  I  see  their  prosperities. 

But  if  it  yet  trouble  a  multitude  to  proceed  vpon  these  Consider. 
certainties,  what  thinke  you  I  vndertooke  when  nothing  tlons* 
was  knowne  but  that  there  was  a  vast  land?  I  [242] 
neuer  had  power  and  meanes  to  doe  any  thing,  though 
more  hath  beene  spent  in  formall  delaies  then  would  haue 
done  the  businesse;  but  in  such  a  penurious  and  miserable 
manner,  as  if  I  had  gone  a  begging  to  build  an  Vniuersitie: 
where  had  men  beene  as  forward  to  aduenture  their  purses, 
and  performe  the  conditions  they  promised  mee,  as  to  crop 
the  fruits  of  my  labours,  thousands  ere  this  had  beene 
bettered  by  these  designes.  Thus  betwixt  the  spur  of 
desire  and  the  bridle  of  reason,  I  am  neere  ridden  to 
death  in  a  ring  of  despaire  ;  the  reines  are  in  your  hands, 
therefore  I  intreat  you  [to]  ease  me,  and  those  that  thinke 
I  am  either  idle  or  vnfortunate,  may  see  the  cause  and 
know :  vnlesse  I  did  see  better  dealing,  I  haue  had  warn- 


772  The  order,  charge  and  Lib.  6.  r(LsT6«. 

Ljuue  1624. 

[1622-4]  ing  enough  not  to  be  so  forward  againe  at  euery  motion 
vpon  their  promises,  vnlesse  I  intended  nothing  but  to 
carie  newes ;  for  now  they  dare  aduenture  a  ship,  that 
when  I  went  first  would  not  aduenture  a  groat,  so  they 
may  be  at  home  againe  by  Michaelmas :  which  makes  me 
remember  and  say  with  Master  Hackluit ;  Oh  incredulitie 
the  wit  of  fooles,  that  slouingly  doe  spit  at  all  things  faire, 
a  sluggards  Cradle,  a  Cowards  Castle,  how  easie  it  is  to 
be  an  Infidell.     But  to  the  matter. 

By  this  all  men  may  perceiue,  the  ordinary  performance 
of  this  voyage  in  flue  or  six  moneths,  the  plentie  of  fish  is 
most  certainly  approued ;  and  it  is  certaine,  from  Cannada 
and  New  England,  within  these  sixyeeres  [1615-1620]  hath 
come  neere  twenty  thousand  Beuer  skinnes.  Now  had 
each  of  these  ships  transported  but  some  small  quantitie 
of  the  most  increasing  Beasts,  Fowles,  Fruits,  Plants, 
and  Seeds,  as  I  proiected  ;  by  this  time  their  increase 
might  haue  beene  sufficient  for  more  then  one  thousand 
men:  But  the  desire  of  present  gaine  (in  many)  is  so 
violent,  and  the  endeuours  of  many  vndertakers  so 
negligent,  euery  one  so  regarding  their  priuate  gaine,  that 

l#.a44,«68.]  it  is  hard  to  effect  any  publike  good,  and  impossible  to 
bring  them  into  a  body,  rule,  or  order ;  vnlesse  both 
honesty,  as  well  as  authoritie  and  money,  assist  expe- 
rience. But  your  home-bred  ingrossing  Proiectors  will 
at  last  finde,  there  is  a  great  difference  betwixt  saying 
and  doing,  or  those  that  thinks  their  directions  can  be  as 
soone  and  easily  performed,  as  they  can  conceit  them  ;  or 
that  their  conceits  are  the  fittest  things  to  bee  put  in 
practise,  or  [that]  their  countenances  maintaine  Plantations. 
But  to  conclude,  the  fishing  will  goe  forward  whether  you 
plant  it  or  no  ;  whereby  a  Colony  may  be  then  transported 
with  no  great  charge,  that  in  short  time  might  prouide  such 
fraughts,  to  buy  on  vs  their  dwelling,  as  I  would  hope  no 
ship  should  goe  or  come  emptie  from  New  England. 

The  charge.  The  charge  of  this  is  onely  Salt,  Nets,  Hookes,  Lines, 
Kniues,  Irish-rugges,  course  cloth,  Beads,  Glasse,  and 
such  trash,  onely  for  fishing  and  trade  with  the  Saluages, 
besides  our  owne  necessarie  prouisions ;  whose  endeuours 
would  quickly  defray  all  this  charge,  and  the  Saluages  did 

[/.  73a.]       intreat  me  to  inhabit  where  I  would. 


Jc'tfTe*:"!  Lib.  6.  gaines  to  be  expected.  773 

June  1624.  J 

Now  all  those  ships  till  these  last  two  yeeres[7.0.,  till  1621],  [1615-23] 
hauebeene  fishing  within  a  square  of  two  or  three  leagues,  and 
scarce  any  one  yet  will  goe  any  further  in  the  Port  they  fish 
in,  where  questionlesse  fiue  hundred  may  haue  their  fraught 
as  well  as  elsewhere,  and  be  in  the  market  ere  others  can 
haue  the  fish  in  their  ships  :  because  New  Englands  fishing 
begins  in  February,  in  Newfoundland  not  till  the  midst  of 
May ;  the  progression  hereof  tends  much  to  the  aduance- 
ment  of  Virginia  and  Summer  lies,  whose  empty  ships  may 
take  in  their  fraughts  there ;  and  would  be  also  in  time  of 
need  a  good  friend  to  the  Inhabitants  of  Newfoundland. 

The  returnes  made  by  the  Westernemen,  are  commonly  Theorderof 
diuided  in  three  parts ;  one  for  the  owner  of  the  ship  ;  menWesterne 
another  for  the  Master  and  his  Company ;  the  third  for  [p  801.] 
the  victualers:  which  course  being  still  permitted,  will  be 
no  hinderance  to  the  Plantation  as  yet  goe  there  neuer  so 
many,  but  a  meanes  of  transporting  that  yeerely  for  little  or 
nothing,  which  otherwise  wil  cost  many  hundreds  of  pounds. 

If  a  ship  can  gaine  twenty,  thirty,  fifty  in  the  hundred ;  The  gaines. 
nay  three  hundred  for  one  hundred  in  seuen  or  ten  moneths; 
as  you  see  they  haue  done,  spending  twice  so  much 
time  in  comming  and  going  as  in  staying  there:  were  [//. 245,269] 
I  there  planted,  seeing  the  variety  of  the  fishings  serue 
the  most  part  of  the  yeere,  and  with  a  little  labour  we 
might  make  all  the  Salt  we  need  vse,  as  is  formerly 
said,  and  can  [243]  conceiue  no  reason  to  distrust  of  good 
successe  by  Gods  assistance ;  besides  for  the  building  of 
ships,  no  place  hath  more  conuenient  Harbours,  ebbe  nor 
floud,  nor  better  timber;  and  no  Commoditie  in  Europe 
doth  more  decay  then  wood. 

Master  Dee  his  opinion  for  the  building  of  ships. 

^  Aster  Dee  recordeth  in  his  Brittish  Monarchy,  Theeffects 
*  that  King  Edgar  had  a  Nauy  of  foure  thousand  °  s  ipping 
saile,  with  which  he  yeerely  made  his  progresse, 
about  this  famous  Monarchy  of  Great  Britaine, 
largely  declaring  the  benefit  thereof;  whereupon  hee  pro- 
iected  to  our  most  memorable  Queene  Elizabeth,  the 
erecting  of  a  Fleet  of  sixty  Saile,  he  called  a  little  Nauy 


774  How  to  build  a  fleet,  Lib.  6.  p-jjj 

[1620-4]  Royall :  imitating  that  admired  Pericles  Prince  of  Athens, 
that  could  neuer  secure  that  tormented  estate,  vntill  he 
was  Lord  and  Captaine  of  the  Sea. 

At  this  none  need  wonder,  for  who  knowes  not  her 
Royall  Maiestie  during  her  life,  by  the  incredible  aduentures 
of  her  Royall  Nauy,  and  valiant  Souldiers  and  Sea-men, 
notwithstanding  all  treacheries  at  home,  the  protecting  and 
defending  [of]  France  and  Holland,  and  reconquering  Ireland; 
yet  all  the  world  by  Sea  and  Land,  both  feared  or  loued, 
and  admired  good  Queene  Elizabeth, 

Both  to  maintaine  and  increase  that  incomparable  honour 
(God  be  thanked)  to  her  incomparable  Successor,  our  most 
Royall  Lord  and  Soueraigne  King  lames,  this  great  Philo- 
sopher hath  left  this  to  his  Maiestie  and  his  Kingdomes 
consideration. 

That  if  the  tenths  of  the  earth  be  proper  to  God,  it  is 

also  due  by  Sea.     The  Kings  high  waies  are  common  to 

passe,  but  not  to  dig  for  Mines  or  any  thing.    So  Englands 

Coasts  are  free  to  passe  but  not  to  fish,  but  by  his  Maiesties 

Prerogatiue. 

Sd^ojr6*        His  Maiesty  of  Spaine  permits  none  to  passe  the  Popes 

the  East      order,  for  the  East  and  West  Indies  but  by  his  permission, 

indies"1     or  at  their  perils  ;  if  all  that  world  be  so  iustly  theirs,  it  is 

[/»/.  246,270.]  no  iniustice  for  England  to  make  as  much  vse  of  her  owne 

shores  as  strangers  doe,  that  pay  to  their  owne  Lords  the 

tenth,  and  not  to  the  owner  of  those  liberties  any  thing  to 

speake  of,  whose  subiects  may  neither  take  nor  sell  any  in 

their  Teritories:  which  small  tribute  would  maintaine  this 

little  Nauy  Royall,  and  not  cost  his  Maiesty  a  peny,  and  yet 

maintaine  peace  with  all  Forrainers,  and  allow  them  more 

courtesie  then  any  Nation  in  the  world  affords  to  England. 

It  were  ashame  to  alleage,  that  Holland  is  more  worthy 

to  enioy  our  fishing  as  Lords  thereof,  because  they  haue 

more  skill  to  handle  it  then  we,  as  they  can  our  wooll  and 

vndressed   Cloth,  notwithstanding   all   their  warres   and 

troublesome  disorders. 

2on*ey°to:et       T°  Set  rnoney  to  build  this  Nauy,  he  saith,  who  would 

build  this      not  spare  the  one  hundreth  penny  of  his  rents,  and  the  hue 

htue  Nauy.  nun(jreth  penny  of  his  goods ;  each  seruant  that  taketh 

forty  shillings  wages,  foure  pence  ;  and  euery  forrainer  of 

seuen  yeeres  of  age  foure  pence,  for  seuen  yeeres  ;  not  any 


&c?mi62;.l  Lib.  6.       to  make  a  little  Nauy  royall.  775 

July  1624. J 

of  these  but  they  will  spend  three  times  so  much  in  pride,  [1620-4] 
wantonnesse,  or  some  superfluitie.  And  doe  any  men  loue 
the  securitie  of  their  estates,  that  of  themselues  would  not 
bee  humble  su[i]ters  to  his  Maiesty  to  doe  this  of  free  will  as 
a  voluntary  beneuolence,  or  but  the  one  halfe  of  this  (or 
some  such  other  course  as  I  haue  pro[po]unded  to  diuers  of 
the  Companies)  free  from  any  constraint,  tax,  lottery,  or 
imposition  ;  so  it  may  be  as  honestly  and  truly  imploied, 
as  it  is  proiected,  the  poorest  Mechanicke  in  this  Kingdom 
would  gaine  by  it. 

Hen  you  might  build  ships  of  any  proportion  and 
numbers  you  please,  fiue  times  cheaper  then  you 
can  doe  here,  and  haue  good  merchandize  for  their 
fraught  in  this  vnknowne  Land,  to  the  aduance- 
ment  of  Gods  glory,  his  Church  and  Gospel ;  and  the 
strengthning  and  releefe  of  a  great  part  of  Christendome 
without  hurt  to  any;  to  the  terror  of  Pirats,  the  amazement  of 
enemies,  the  assistance  of  friends,  the  securing  [of]  Merchants,  V-  247-i 
and  so  much  increase  of  Nauigation,  to  make  Englands  trade 
and  shipping  as  much  as  any  Nations  in  the  world  :  besides 
a  hundred  other  benefits,  to  the  generall  good  of  all  true 
subiects,  and  would  cause  thousands  yet  vnborne  to  blesse  ca»7i.] 
the  time,  and  all  them  that  first  put  it  in  practise.  [244] 

Now  lest  it  should  be  obscured  as  it  hath  beene  to  Contention 
priuat  ends,  or  so  weakely  vndertaken  by  our  ouerweening  J«.rw* 
incredulity,   that  strangers   may  possesse   it   whilest  we  IS^ood01 
contend  for  New-Englands  goods,  but  not  Englands  good ; 
I  haue  presented  it  [i.e.,  New-Englands  trials]  as  I  haue  said,  [//.247, 266 
to  the  Prince  and  Nobility,  the  Gentry  and  Commonalty,   748, 94I'] 
hoping  at  last  it   will  moue  the  whole  land  to  know  it 
and  consider  of  it ;  since  I  can  finde  them  wood  and  halfe 
victuall,  with  the  foresaid  aduantages :  were  this  Country 
planted,  with  what  facility  they  may  build  and  maintaine 
this  little   Nauy  Royall,   both   with   honour,   profit  and 
content,  and  inhabit  as  good  a  Country  as  any  in   the 
world  within  that  paralell :  which  with  my  life  and  what  I 
haue,  I  will  endeuour  to  effect,  if  God  please  and  you  permit. 
But  no  man  will  goe  from  hence  to  haue  lesse  freedome 
there  then  here,  nor  aduenture  all  they  haue  to  prepare  the 
way  for  them  will  scarce  thanke  them  for  it ;  and  it  %  too 


7  7 6  [That  most  generous  Prince Sigismundus.]  Lib.  6.  [jiiy8^ 

[1620-4]  well  knowne  there  haue  beene  so  many  vndertakers  of 
Patents,  and  such  sharing  of  them,  as  hath  bred  no  lesse 
discouragement  then  wonder,  to  heare  such  great  promises 
and  so  little  performance ;  in  the  Interim,  you  see  the  French 
and  Dutch  already  frequent  it,  and  God  forbid  they  in 
Virginia,  or  any  of  his  Maiesties  subiects,  should  not  haue 
as  free  liberty  as  they.  To  conclude,  were  it  not  for  Master 
Cherley  and  a  few  priuate  aduenturers  with  them,  what  haue 
we  there,  for  all  these  inducements  ? 
The  As  for  them  whom  pride  or  couetousnesse  lulleth  asleepe 

Cf^rSn  in  a  Cradle  of  slothfull  carelesnesse,  would  they  but  con- 
power.  sider  how  all  the  great  Monarchies  of  the  earth  haue  beene 
brought  to  confusion,  or  but  remember  the  late  lamentable 
experiences  of  Constantinople,  and  how  many  Cities,  Townes 
and  Prouinces  in  the  faire  rich  Kingdoms  of  Hungaria, 
Transiluania,  Wallachia  and  Moldauia,  and  how  many 
thousands  of  Princes,  Earles,  Barons,  Knights,  Merchants, 
and  others  haue  in  one  day  lost  goods,  Hues  and  honours, 
or  sold  for  slaues  like  beasts  in  a  market  place;  their  wiues, 
children  and  seruants  slaine,  or  wandring  they  knew  not 
[/.a7a.]  whither,  dying  or  liuing  in  all  extremities  of  extreme 
miseries  and  calamities:  surely  they  would  not  onely  doe 
this,  but  giue  all  they  haue  to  enioy  peace  and  liberty  at 
home,  or  but  aduenture  their  persons  abroad  to  preuent 
the  conclusions  of  a  conquering  Foe,  who  commonly 
assaulteth  and  best  preuaileth  where  he  findeth  wealth 
and  plenty  most  armed  with  ignorance  and  security. 

Though  the  true  condition  of  warre  is  onely  to  suppresse 
the  proud  and  defend  the  innocent,  as  did  that  most 
generous  Prince  Sigismundus,  Prince  of  those  Countries, 
against  them  whom  vnder  the  colour  of  iustice  and  piety, 
to  maintaine  their  superfluity  of  ambitious  pride,  thought 
all  the  world  too  little  to  maintaine  their  vice  ;  and  vndoe 
them,  or  keepe  them  from  ability  to  doe  any  thing,  that 
would  not  admire  and  adore  their  honours,  fortunes, 
couetousnesse,  falshood,  bribery,  cruelty,  extortion,  and 
ingratitude:  which  is  worse  then  cowardize  or  ignorance, 
and  all  manner  of  vildnesse,  cleane  contrary  to  all  honour, 
vertue,  and  noblenesse. 

Iohn  Smith  writ  this  with  his  owne  hand. 


T^he  Observations  &c.  of  Captaine 
Richard  Whitbourne. 


Ere  follow  certaine  notes  and  obseruations 
of  Captaine  Charles  [or  rather  Richard] 
Whitbourne  concerning  New-found  land : 
which  although  euery  master  trained  vp 
in  fishing,  can  make  their  proportions  of 
necessaries  according  to  their  custome, 
yet  it  is  not  much  amisse  here  to  insert 
them,  that  euery  one  which  desires  the 
good  of  those  actions  [may]  know  them  also. 

Besides  in  his  Booke  intituled,  A  discouery  of  New-found 
land,  and  the  commodities  thereof  you  shall  finde  many 
excellent  good  aduertisements  for  a  Plantation ;  and  how 
that  most  yeeres  this  Coast  hath  beene  frequented  with 
250.  saile  of  his  Maiesties  subiects,  which  supposing  but 
60.  tunnes  a  peece,  one  with  another,  they  amount  to 
15000.  tunnes ;  and  allowing  25.  men  and  boies  to  euery 
Barke,  they  will  make  5000.  persons,  whose  labours  returne 
yeerely  to  about  135000.  pound  sterling :  besides  the  great 
numbers  of  Brewers,  Bakers,  Coupers,  Ship-Carpenters, 
Net-makers,  Rope-makers,  Hooke-makers,  and  the  most 
of  all  other  mec[h]anicall  trades  in  England.  [245] 


[1622] 


77&       The  charge  of  setting  forth  a  Ship.    Lib.  6.  [R  ^fX': 

The  charge  of  setting  forth  a  ship  of  ioo.  tuns 

with  40.  persons,  both  to  make  a  fishing  voyage, 

and  increase  the  Plantation. 

[1622]  ^prNprimis,  10000.  [or  rather  11000]      l„    #♦    &♦ 

©2Juj$  weight  of  Bisket  at  15.  s.  a  100. 
weight  [i.e.,  ii2lbs.] 
26  Tun  of  Beere  and  Sider  at  53.  s.  4.  J.  a  Tun. 
2  Hogsheads  of  English  Beefe. 
2  Hogsheads  of  Irish  Beefe. 
10  F#£  flogs  sa/tei  with  Salt,  and  Caske. 
30  Bushels  of  Pease. 
2  Ferkins  of  Butter. 
200  Waight  [=  224IDS.]  of  Cheese. 

1  Bushell  of  Mustard-seed. 
SccuraJe       i  Hogshead  of  Vinegar. 
TRVTivhil          Wood  to  dresse  meat  withall. 
t° e7fi's           I  ^r^  Copper  Kettle. 
tffi  ^          2  Swfl//  Kettles. 

2  Frying-Pans. 
Platters,  Ladles  and  Cans, 
a  paire  of  Bellowes  for  the  Cooke. 
Taps,  Boriers  and  Funnels. 
Locks  for  the  Bread  roomes. 
100  weight  [=  H2lbs.]  of  Candles. 
130  quarters  of  Salt  at  2.  s.  the  Bushell 
Mats  and  dinnage  to  lie  vnder  it. 
Salt  Shouels. 
Particidars  for   the  40.  persons  to  keepe  8. 

fishing  boats  at  Sea,  with  3.  men  in  euery 

boat,  imploies  24. ;  and  500.  foot  of  Eltne 

boords  of  an  inch  thicke,  8.  s.  each  one. 
2000  Nailcs  for  the  8.  Boats,  at  13.  s.  \d.  a 

1000. 
4000  Nailes  at  6.  s.  8.  d.  [a]  1000. 
2000  Nailes  at  5.  d.  [a]  100. 
500  weight  [=  56olbs.]  of  pitch  at  8.s.  100. 
2000  of  good  orlop  nailes. 
More  for  other  small  necessaries.  3. 


82. 

10. 

69. 

7. 

10. 

5. 

10. 

10. 

6. 

3. 

2. 

10. 

6. 

1. 

5- 

1. 

2. 

2. 

3. 

1. 

2. 

2. 

2. 

2. 

10. 

104. 

2. 

10. 

10. 

1. 

6. 

8. 

1. 

6. 
8. 

8. 

2. 

2. 

5- 

Ed.  by  J.  Smith.!   T   TR     (L 
July  1624.J    ^IB-    °« 


The  charge  of  setting  forth  a  Ship,     779 


I 


10. 
1.    6. 


2. 


13. 

12. 
1. 
1. 


10. 
1, 


3- 

18. 

10. 
6. 


6. 

5- 

15. 

6. 

10. 

6. 

5. 

16. 
10. 
10. 
6. 
10. 


[1622] 


A  barrell  of  Tar. 

200  weight  [=224-lbs.]  of  black  Ocome. 

Thrums  for  pitch  Maps. 

Bolls,  Buckets  and  Pumps.  1. 

2  brazen  Crocks.  2. 

Canuas  to  make  Boat  sailes  and  small  ropes, 

at  25.  s.  for  each  saile,  12.  10. 

10  rode  Ropes  which  containe  600.  weight 

[  =  672lbs.]  at  30.  s.  the  100.  10. 

12  dozen  of  fishing  lines.  6. 

24  dozen  of  fishing  hookes.  2. 

for  Squid  line. 
For  Pots  and  liuer  maunds. 
Ironworks  for  the  boats  ruthers. 
10  Kipnet  Irons 

Twine  to  make  kipnets  and  gagging  hooks. 
10  good  Nets  at  26.  s.  a  net. 
2  Saynes,  a  great  and  a  lesse. 
200  weight  [  =  224lbs.]  of  Sow -lead. 
2  couple  of  ropes  for  the  Saynes. 
Dry-fats  to  keepe  them  in. 
Twine  for  store. 
Flaskets  and  bread  Baskets. 
For  haire  cloth. 
3.  Tuns  of  vinegar  caske,  for  water. 

1  douzen  of  Deale  Bourds. 

2  Barrels  of  Oalmeale.  1. 
100  weight  [  =  112  lbs.]  of  Spikes.                      2. 

2  good  Axes,  4.  hand  Hatchets,  4  Drawers, 

2.  drawing  Irons. 

3  yards  of  wollen  cloth  for  cuffs. 
8  yards  of  good  Canuasse. 
A  Grind-stone  or  two. 

2000  ofpoore  I ohnto  spend  [i.e.  in  eating]  ingoing  6. 
1  Hogshead  of  A  quauitce.  4. 

4  arme  Sawes,  4.  Handsawes,  4.  thwart  Sawes, 

3.  Augers,  2.  Crowes  of  Iron,  3.  Sledges, 

4.  shod  Shouels,  2.  Picaxes,  4.  Matocks, 
and  4.  Hammers.  5. 

The  totall  summe  is  420.  11.    o. 


ySo 


The  obseruations  of  Captaine 


I   IT1     /C     TR.  Whitbouroe 
l^IB.    O.   [_         April  162= 


[1622] 


[Sacks,  the 
English 
name  for 
victualling 
&c,  ships 
trafficking 
for  cod  with 


All  these  prouisions  the  Master  or  Purser  is  to  be 
accountable  what  is  spent,  and  what  is  left  with  those 
which  shall  continue  there  to  plant :  and  of  the  40.  thus 
prouided  for  the  voyage,  ten  may  well  be  spared  to  leaue 
behind  them,  with  500.  weight  of  Bisket,  5.  hogsheads  of 
Sider  or  beere,  halfe  a  hogshead  of  Beefe,  4  sides  of  dry 
Bakon,  4.  bushell  of  Pease,  halfe  a  ferkin  of  Butter,  halfe 
100.  weight  of  Cheese,  a  pecke  of  Mustard-seed,  a  barrell 
of  Vinegar,  12.  pound  of  Candles,  2.  pecks  of  Oatmeale, 
halfe  a  hogshead  of  Aquauitae,  2.  copper  Kettles,  1.  brasse 
Crock,  1.  Frying-pan,  a  Grindstone,  and  all  the  Hatchets, 
Wood-hooks,  Sawes,  Augers,  &c.  and  all  other  iron  tooles, 
with  the  8.  Boats  and  their  implements,  [246]  and  spare 
salt ;  and  what  else  they  vse  not  in  a  readinesse  from  yeere 
to  yeere,  and  in  the  meane  time  serued  them  to  helpe  to 
build  their  houses,  cleanse  land,  and  further  their  fishing 
whilst  the  ships  are  wanting  [absent]. 

By  his  estimation  and  calculation,  these  8.  Boats  with 
22  [or  rather  24].  men  in  a  Summer  doe  vsually  kill  25000. 
fish  for  euery  Boat,  which  may  amount  to  200000.  allowing 
120.  fishes  to  the  100  :  sometimes  they  haue  taken  aboue 
35000.  for  a  Boat,  so  that  they  load  not  onely  their  owne 
ship,  but  prouide  great  quantities  for  Sacks  or  other  spare 
ships,  which  come  thither  onely  to  buy  the  ouerplus.  If 
such  ships  come  not,  they  giue  ouer  taking  any  more,  when 
sometimes  there  hath  beene  great  abundance ;  because  there 


the  fishers  off  is  no  fit  houses  to  lay  them  in  till  another  yeere. 


Newfound- 
land, as  the 
Dutch 
Jagtrs  did 
for  herrings, 
off  the 
English 
coast.] 


Now  most  of  those  Sacks  goeth  empty  thither,  which 
might  as  well  transport  mens  prouision  and  cattle  at  an 
casie  rate  as  nothing,  either  to  New-England  or  New-found 
land :  but  either  to  transport  them  for  nothing,  or  pay  any 
great  matter  for  their  liberty  to  fish,  will  hardly  effect  so 
much  as  freedome  as  yet ;  nor  can  this  be  put  in  practice  as 
before  I  said,  till  there  be  a  power  there  well  planted  and 
setled  to  entertaine  and  defend  them,  assist  and  releeue 
them  as  occasion  shall  require :  otherwaies  those  small 
diuisions  will  effect  little,  but  such  miserable  conclusions 
as  both  the  French  and  we  too  long  haue  tried  to  our  costs. 

Now  commonly  200000.  fish  will  load  a  ship  of  100. 
tunnes  in  New-found  land,  but  halfe  so  many  will  neere  doe 
it  in  New  England :  which  carried  to  Toloune  or  Merselus 


^*by/uiyTM:]  LlB-  6-     Charles  [i.e.,  Richard]  Whitborne.     781 

[Marseilles],  where  the  custome  [import  duty]  is  small,  and  [1622-4] 
the  Kintall  lesse  then  go.  English  pounds  weight,  and  the 
prise  when  least,  12.  shillings  the  Kintall,  which  at  that 
rate  amounts  to  1320.  /.  starling :  and  the  ship  may  either 
there  be  discharged,  or  imployed  as  hath  beene  said  to  t#.2oa,7i6.] 
refraught  for  England ;  so  that  the  next  yeere  she  may  be 
ready  to  goe  her  fishing  voyage  againe,  at  a  farre  cheaper 
rate  then  before. 

To  this  adde  but  12.  tuns  of  traine  oile,  which  deliuered 
in  New-found  land,  is  10.  /.  the  tun,  makes  120.  /. 

Then  it  is  hard  if  there  be  not  10000.  of  Cor-fish,  which 
also  sold  there  at  5.  /.  the  1000.  makes  50.  /. :  which  brought 
to  England,  in  some  places  yeelds  neere  halfe  so  much 
more  ;  but  if  at  Merselus  it  be  sold  for  16.  s.  the  Kentall,  as 
commonly  it  is,  and  much  dearer,  it  amounts  to  1760.  /. 

And  if  the  Boats  follow  the  fishing  till  the  15.  of  October, 
they  may  take  80000.  more,  which  with  their  traine  in 
New-found  land  at  4.  /.  the  1000.  will  amount  to  320.  /.  : 
which  added  to  1320.  /.  with  120.  /.  for  Oile,  and  10000.  of 
Corfish  50.  /.  and  the  ouerplus  at  Merselus,  which  will  be 
440.  I.  make  the  totall  2250.  /. ;  which  diuided  in  three  ^j44'268, 
parts  according  to  their  custome,  the  Victualer  hath  for 
the  former  particulars  (amounting  to  420.  /.),  751.  /.,  so  all 
the  charge  defraied,  hee  gaines  331.  /.  n.  s. ;  then  for  the 
fraught  of  the  ship  there  is  751.  /. ;  and  so  much  for  the 
Master  and  his  company ;  which  comparing  with  the 
voiages  [that]  hath  beene  made  to  New-England,  you  may 
easily  finde  which  is  the  better,  though  both  bee  good. 

ut   now  experience  hath  taught   them  at  New-  ^h^dlhy 
Plimoth,  that  in  Aprill  there  is  a  fish  much  like  g^g 
a  Herring  that  comes  vp  into  the  small  Brookes  obseraed. 
to  spawne,  and  where  the  water  is  not  kneedeepe, 
they  will  presse  vp  through  your  hands,  yea  though  you  beat 
at  them  with  Cudgels,  and  in  such  abundance  as  is  incre- 
dible :  which  they  take  with  that  facility,  they  manure  their 
land  with  them  when  they  haue  occasion.  After  those,  the  Cod 
also  presseth  in  such  plenty,  euen  into  the  very  Harbours, 
they  haue  caught  some  in  their  armes,  and  hooke  them  so  fast 
[that],  three  menoftloadeth  a  Boat  of  twotunsintwohoures, 
where  before  theyvsed  most[ly]  to  fish  in  deepe  water.  [247] 


1624. 


Their 
order  of 
gouernment. 


The  present  estate  of 
New-Plimoth. 


T  New-Plimoth  there  is  [1624J  about  180 
persons,  some  cattell  and  goats,  but 
many  swine  and  poultry ;  32  dwelling 
houses,  whereof  7  were  burnt  the  last  win- 
ter [1623],  ana*  the  value  of  hue  hundred 
pounds  in  other  goods;  the  Towne  is 
impailed  about  halfea  mile  [in]  compasse. 
In  the  towne  vpon  a  high  Mount  they 
haue  a  Fort  well  built  with  wood,  lome,  and  stone,  where 
is  planted  their  Ordnance:  Also  a  faire  Watch-tower,  partly 
framed,  for  the  Sentinell.  The  place  it  seemes  is  healthfull, 
for  in  these  last  three  yeeres  [1621-4],  notwithstanding  their 
great  want  of  most  necessaries,  there  hath  not  one  died  of 
the  first  planters.  They  haue  made  a  saltworke,  and  with 
that  salt  preserue  the  fish  they  take ;  and  this  yeare  [1624] 
hath  fraughted  a  ship  of  180.  tunnes. 

The  Gouernour  is  one  Master  William  Bradford ;  their 
Captaine  Miles  Standish,  a  bred  Souldier  in  Holland ;  the 
chiefe  men  for  their  assistance  is  Master  Isaak  Alderton, 
and  diuers  others  as  occasion  serueth  ;  their  Preachers 
are  Master  William  Bruster  and  Master  Iohn  Lay  ford. 

The  most  of  them  liue  together  as  one  family  or  hous- 
hold,  yet  euery  man  followeth  his  trade  and  profession 
both  by  sea  and  land,  and  all  for  a  generall  stocke :  out  of 
which  they  haue  all  their  maintenance,  vntill  there  be  a 
diuident  betwixt  the  Planters  and  the  Aduenturers. 

Those  Planters  are  not  seruants  to  the  Aduenturers  here, 
but  haue  onely  councells  of  directions  from  them,  but  no  in- 
iunctions  or  command  ;  and  all  the  masters  of  families  are 
partners    in    land   or  whatsoeuer,   setting  their  labours 


/uiy1^.]  LlB-  6-     The  present  estate  of  New-Plimoth.  783 

against  the  stocke,  till  certaine  yeeres  be  expired  for  the      [1624] 
diuision  :   they  haue  young  men  and  boies  for  their  Ap- 
prentises  and  seruants,  and  some  of  them  speciall  families, 
as   Ship-carpenters,   Salt-makers,    Fish-masters,    yet    as 
seruants  vpon  great  wages. 

The  Aduenturers  which  raised  the  stocke  to  begin  and  [/.  943-1 
supply  this  Plantation  were  about  70.  :  some  Gentlemen, 
some  Merchants,  some  handy-crafts  men,  some  aduenturing 
great  summes,  some  small,  as  their  estates  and  affection 
serued.  The  generall  stocke  already  imploied  is  about 
7000.  /. ;  by  reason  of  which  charge  and  many  crosses, 
many  of  them  would  aduenture  no  more :  but  others  that 
knowes  so  great  a  designe  cannot  bee  effected  without  both 
charge,  losse  and  crosses,  are  resolued  to  goe  forward  with 
it  to  their  powers  ;  which  deserue  no  small  commendations 
and  encouragement.  These  [the  Adventurers  generally] 
dwell  most[ly]  about  London.  They  are  not  a  corporation, 
but  [are]  knit  together  by  a  voluntary  combination  in  a 
society  without  constraint  or  penalty,  aiming  to  doe  good 
and  to  plant  Religion  ;  they  haue  a  President  and  Treasurer, 
euery  yeere  newly  chosen  by  the  most  voices,  who  ordereth 
the  affaires  of  their  Courts  and  meetings,  and  with  the 
assent  of  the  most  of  them,  vndertaketh  all  ordinary 
businesses  :  but  in  more  weighty  affaires,  the  assent  of  the 
whole  Company  is  required. 

,here  hath  beene  a  fishing  this  yeere  [1624]  vpon  the 
Coast  about  50.  English  ships  :  and  by  Cape  A  nney  [#.892,946 1 
there  is  a  Plantation  a  beginning  by  the  Dor- 
chester men,  which  they  hold  of  those  of  New- 
Plimoth,  who  also  by  them  haue  set  vp  a  fishing  worke  :  some 
talke  there  is  some  other  pretended  Plantations,  all  whose 
good  proceedings  the  eternal  God  protect  and  preserue. 

And  these  haue  beene  the  true  proceedings  and  acci- 
dents in  those  Plantations. 

ow  to  make  a  particular  relation  of  all  the  acts  and 
orders  in  the  Courts  belonging  vnto  them,  of  the 
anihilating  old  Patents  and  procuring  new  ;  with 
the  charge,  paines  and  arguments,  the  reasons 


784  The  present  estate  of  New-Plimoth.     Lib.  6.  [4^ 

[1624]  of  such  changes,  all  the  treaties,  consultations,  orations,  and 
dissentions  about  the  sharing  and  diuiding  those  large  terri- 
tories, confirming  of  Counsailers,  electing  all  sorts  of  Officers, 
directions,  Letters  of  aduice,  and  their  answers,  disputations 
about  the  Magazines  and  Impositions,  su[ijters  for  Patents, 
positions  for  Freedomes,  and  confirmations  with  complaints 
of  iniuries  here,  and  also  the  mutinies,  examinations, 
arraignements,  executions,  and  the  cause  of  the  so  oft 
reuolt  of  the  Saluages  at  large,  as  many  [248]  would  haue 
had,  and  it  may  be  some  doe  expect  it  would  make  more 
quarrels  then  any  of  them  would  willingly  answer,  and  such 
a  volume  as  would  tire  any  wise  man  but  to  read  the 
contents. 

For  my  owne  part  I  rather  feare  the  vnpartiall  Reader  will 
thinke  this  rather  more  tedious  then  necessary  :  but  he  that 
would  be  a  practitioner  in  those  affaires,  I  hope  will  allow 
them  not  only  needfull  but  expedient :  but  how  euer,  if  you 
please  to  beare  with  those  errors  I  haue  committed,  if  God 
please  I  Hue,  my  care  and  paines  shall  endeuour  to  be 
thankfull :  if  I  die,  accept  my  good  will. 

(/*.  248,373.]  If  any  desire  to  be  further  satisfied,  what  defect  is  found 
in  this,  they  shall  finde  supplied  in  me;  that  thus  freely  haue 
throwne  my  selfe  with  my  mite  into  the  Treasury  of  my 
Countries  good,  not  doubting  but  God  will  stirre  vp  some 
noble  spirits  to  consider  and  examine  if  worthy  Columbus 
could  giue  the  Spaniards  any  such  certainties  for  his 
designe,  when  Queene  Isabel  of  Spaine  set  him  forth  with 
15.  saile :  and  though  I  promise  no  Mines  of  gold,  yet  the 
warlike  Hollanders  let  vs  imitate  but  not  hate,  whose 
wealth  and  strength  are  good  testimonies  of  their  treasury 
gotten  by  fishing ;  and  New-England  hath  yeelded  already 
[up  to  1624]  by  generall  computation  one  hundred  thousand 
pounds  at  the  least.  Therefore  honourable  and  worthy 
Country  men,  let  not  the  meannesse  of  the  word  fish  distaste 
you,  for  it  will  afford  as  good  gold  as  the  Mines  of  Guiana  or 
Potassie,  with  lesse  hazard  and  charge,  and  more  certainty 
and  facility.  /.  S. 

FINIS. 


A  N 

ACCIDENCE 

OR 

The  Path -way  to 

EXPERIENCE. 

Necessary  for  all  Young  Sea-men,  or  those 

that  are  desirous  to  goe  to  Sea,  briefly  shewing 

the  Phrases,  Offices,  and  Words  of  Command, 

Belonging  to  the  Building,  Ridging,  and  Sayling, 

a  Man  of  Warre  ;  And  how  to  manage 

a  Fight  at  Sea. 

Together  with  the  Charge  and  Duty  of 

every  Officer ',  and  their  Shares  : 

Also  the  Names,  Weight,  Charge,  Shot,  and 

Powder ■,  of  all  sorts  of  great  Ordnance. 

With  the  vse  of  the  Petty  Tally. 

Written  by  Captaine  Iohn  Smith  some- 
times Governour  of  Virginia,  and  Admirall 
of  New  England. 

LONDON: 

Printed  for  Jonas  Man,  and  Benjamin  Fisher, 

and  are  to  be  sold  at  the  signe  of  the  Talbot, 

in  Aldersgate  streete.      1626. 

50 


[This  Tract  was  a  new  departure  in  our  Literature,  being  the  first 
printed  book  on  seamanship,  naval  gunnery,  and  of  nautical  terms  ; 
and  was  besides  written  by  an  Army  Captain. 

It  was  thus  entered  for  publication  at  Stationers'  Hall : 
230  ©dobris  1626. 

Jonas  Man  Entred  for  their  Copie  vnder  the  handes  of  master 

Beniamin  fflsher       Doctor  worrall  and  both  the  wardens  A  booke 

Called  An  Accidence  or  pathway e  to  experience 

necessary e  for  all  young  sea  men  6r*c.  by  Captaine 

John  Smith.     .......        yjd. 

A   Transcript  of  the  Registers  of  the  Company  of  Stationers  of 
London^  1 554-1640  A.D.,  Ed.  by  E.  Arber,  iv.  169,  1877. 
For  the  bibliography  of  this  Tract,  see  p.  cxxxi.] 


$fc>TO   ALL  THE    RIGHT   HON- 

ourable  and  most  Generous  Lords  in  England, 

and  Others  :  Especially  of  his  Majesties 

Priuy    Councell,    and    Councell 

of  Warre. 

IGHT  Honorable: 
In  regard  of  the  Present  occasion,  for  the  [16261 
Arte  of  Navigation,  and  many  young 
Gentlemen  and  Valiant  spirits  of  all  sorts,  do  desire 
to  try  their  Fortunes  at  sea  :  I  haue  beene  per- 
s waded  [//.  809,  970]  to  Print  this  discourse,  being 
a  subject  I  never  see  writ  before.  Not  as  an  in- 
struction to  Marriners  nor  Sailors,  whom  I  intreate 
rather  amend  it,  then  condemne  it,  confessing  it 
might  be  a  taske  for  a  most  excellent  Sea-man  ;  But 
as  an  intraduction  for  such  as  wants  experience,  and 
are  desirous  to  learne  what  belongs  to  a  Seaman. 
For  the  advansing  of  that  incomparable  faculty,  seeing 
you  are  in  place,  both  of  power  and  Authoritie ;  I 
most  humblie  present  it  to  Your  Honors  Consider- 
ations. No  more  but  sacring  all  my  best  abilities  to 
the  exquisite  Iudgement  of  your  renowned  Vertues,  I 
ever  rest 

Your  Worships  ever  most  humbly  denoted, 

I  o  h  n    Smith. 


788 

TO   THE    READER;    AND    ALL 

Generous  and  Noble  Adventurers  by  Sea ; 

and  Well-Wishers  to  Nauigation. 
Especially  the  Masters,  Wardens,  and  Assistance  of 

the    Trinity-House. 
Worthy  Readers: 

[1626]       W'^^^MOW  ever  your  perfections  may  censure  my  imperfec- 
tions, I  know  not :  my  greatest  error  in  this  is  but 
a  desire  to  do  good;  which  disease  hath  ever  haunted 
mee  since  my  child-hood;  and  all  the  miseries  and 
ingratitudes  I  haue  indured,  cannot  yet  diuert  me  from  that 
resolution. 

As  both  Europe,  Asia,  Affrica  and  America  can  partly 
witnesse,  if  all  their  extremities  hath  taught  me  any  thing,  I 
haue  not  kept  it  for  my  owne  particuler.  I  know  well  I  am 
blamed  for  not  concealing  that,  that  time  and  occasion  hath 
taught  mee  to  reueale ;  as  at  large  you  may  read  in  the  life  of 
Sigismundus  Bathor  Prince  of  Transiluania,  writ  by  his 
Secretary  Francisco  Fernezsa,  New  Englands  Trialls,  With 
the  Generall  History  of  Virginia,  New  England,  and  the 
Summer  Isles. 

That  the  most  of  those  faire  plantations  did  spring  from  the 
fruites  of  my  aduenters  and  discoueries  is  euident,  although 
their  relumes  as  yet  doth  not  answere  the  worlds  expectation, 
nor  my  desire  :  yet  how  they  haue  proceeded  euery  yeare  since 
their  first  originall  to  this  present ;  by  the  Maps  therein,  you 
may  plainly  see  the  Descriptions  of  the  Countries;  by  the  Story, 
what  they  are,  what  good  they  might  be  to  this  Kingdome,  how 
they  haue  bin  vsed  and  abused,  how  the  defects  might  be 
amended,  the  Planters  made  happy,  God  and  the  King  well 
pleased  and  serued,  and  all  the  Honorable  and  worthy  A  duen- 
turers  contented  :  whatsoeuer  malice  or  ignorance  can  {eigne  to 
the  contrary. 

For  this  small  Pamphlet,  if  J  find  you  kindly  and  friendly 
accept  it,  I  meane  ere  long,  more  largely  to  explaine  the  par- 
ticulers  :  So  I  rest, 

To  Christ  and  my  Country  a  true  Souldier, 
and  faithfull  Servant, 

John  Smith. 


AN  ACCIDENCE  FOR 

Young    Sea-men: 


OR 

Their  Path-way  to  Experience. 

(^^^^/^Z^Sh  ^-^  ^aptaines  charge  is  to  commaund  all, 
and  tell  the  Maister  to  what  Port  he 
will  go,  or  to  what  height  [latitude].  In 
a  fight  he  is  to  giue  direction  for  the 
managing  thereof,  and  the  Maister  is  to 
see  to  the  cunning  [of]  the  Ship,  and 
trimming  [2]  the  sailes. 
The  Maister  and  his  Mate  is  to  direct 
the  course,  commaund  all  the  Saylors,  for  steering,  trim- 
ming, and  sayling  the  Ship:  his  Mates  are  onely  his 
Seconds,  allowed  sometimes  for  the  two  Midships  men, 
that  ought  to  take  charge  of  the  first  prize. 

The  Pilot  when  they  make  land,  doth  take  the  charge  of 
the  Ship  till  he  bring  her  to  Harbour. 

The  Cape-merchant  and  Purser  hath  the  charge  of  all 
the  Caragasoune  or  Merchandize,  and  the  Purser  doth 
keepe  an  Account  of  all  that  is  receiued  and  deliuered :  but 
a  Man  of  Warre  hath  onely  a  Purser. 

The  Maister  Gunner  hath  the  charge  of  the  Ordinances, 
Shot,  Powder,  Match,  Ladles,  Spunges,  Cartrages,  Armes, 
and  Fire-workes;  and  the  rest  euery  one  to  receiue  his 
charge  from  him  according  to  directions,  and  to  giue  an 
account  of  his  store.  [3] 

The  Carpenter  and  his  Mate  is  to  haue  the  Nayles, 
Clinches,  roue  and  clinch-nailes,  spikes,  plates,    rudder- 


[1626] 


The 

Captains 

charge. 


The  Maister 
and  his 
Mates. 


The  Pilot. 


The  Cape- 
merchant 
and  Purser. 


The  Gunner 
with  his 
Mate,  and 
quarter 
Gunner. 


TheCarpen- 
ter  and  his 
Mate. 


790  An  Accidence  for  yo\jt\ng  Sea-men.  [<£ 


Smith- 
ct.  1626. 


Marshall. 


[1626J      irons  called  pintels  and  gudgions,  pumpe-nailes,  skupper- 

nailes,  and  leather,  sawes,  files,  hatchets,  and  such  like : 

and  [be]  euer  ready  for  calking,  breaming,  stopping  leakes, 

fishing  or   spliceing  the    Masts  or    Yards ;   as    occasion 

requireth,  and  to  giue  an  account  of  his  store. 

™e.£ote-         The  Boteswaine  is  to  haue  the  charge  of  all  the  Cordage, 

his  Mate,      tackling,  sailes,   fids,  and  marling  spikes,  needles,  twine, 

and  saile-cloth,  and  rigging  [of]  the  shippe :  his  Mate  the 

command  of  the  long  boate,  for  the  setting  forth  of  Anchors, 

waying  and  fetching  home  an  Anchor,  warping,  towing, 

and  moreing,  and  to  giue  an  account  of  his  store. 

ije  chyrur-      The  Chirurgion  is  exempted  from  all  duty  but  to  attend 

fiSe"1    a  the  sicke,  and  cure  the  wounded  :  and  good  care  would  be 

[4]  had,  [that]  he  haue  a  certificate  from  the  Barber-surgions 

Hall  of  his  sufficiency ;  and  also  that  his  Chest  bee  well 

furnished  both  for  Physicke,  and  Chyurgery,  and  so  neere  as 

may  be  proper  for  that  clime  you  goe  for,  which  neglect 

hath  beene  the  losse  of  many  a  mans  life. 

The  ^  m  The  Marshall  is  to  punish  offendors,  and  to  see  Justice 

executed  according  to  directions,  as  ducking  at  Yards  arme, 

hawling  vnder  the  Keele,  bound  to  the  Capsterne  or  maine 

Mast  with  a  basket  of  shot  about  his  necke,  setting  in 

the  bilbowes,  and  to  pay  the  Cobty  or  the  Morryoune.  But 

the  Boyes,  the  Boteswaine.  is  to  see  euery  Munday  at  the 

chist    to  say  their  Compasse ;  which  done,  they  are  to 

haue  a  quarter  can  [?  of  beer],  and  a  basket  of  bread. 

The  The  Corporall  is  to  see  the  setting  and  releeuingthe  watch: 

Corporaii.     an(j  gee  ajj  ^e  souldiers  and  saylors  keepe  their  Armes 

cleane,  neate  and  yare  ;  and  teach  them  their  vse.  [5] 
The  steward      The  Steward  is  to  deliuer  out  the  victuall,  according  to 
Mate.15        the  Captaines   directions;   and  messe  them  4,  5,  or  6,  a 

there  is  occasion. 
The  quarter       The  quarter  Maisters  hath  the  charge  of  the  hold  for 
Meters.      stowage,  rommageing,  and  trimming  the  shippe ;  and  of 
their  squadrons  for  their  Watch.     A  Sayne,  a  Fisgigg,  a 
Harping  iron,  Fish-hookes,  for  Porgos,  Bonetos,  or  Dora- 
dos, &c.  and  rayling  lines  for  Mackerell. 
The  cowper      The  Cowper  is  to  looke  to  the  caske,  hoopes  and  twig- 
Mate"        ges,  to    staue   or  repaire   the   buckets,   Baricoes,    Cans, 
steepetubs,  runlets,  hogsheads,  pipes,  buts,  &c.  for  wine, 
beere,  syder,  beuerage,  fresh  water,  or  any  liquor. 


J.  Smith. 
Oct.  1626. 


An  Accidence  for  yo\u~\ng  Sea-men. 


791 


The  Coxswaine  is  to  haue  a  choyce  gang  to  attend  the 
Skiffe,  to  go  to  and  againe  as  occasion  commandeth. 

The  Cooke  is  to  dresse  and  deliuer  out  the  Victuall. 
He  hath  his  store  of  quarter  cans,  small  Cannes,  platters, 
spoones,  lanthornes,  &c.  and  is  to  giue  [6]  his  account  of 
the  remainder. 

The  Swabber  is  to  wash  and  keepe  cleane  the  ship  and 
maps. 

The  Lyer  is  to  holde  his  place  but  for  a  weeke  ;  and  hee 
that  is  first  taken  with  a  lye,  euery  Monday  is  so  pro- 
claimed at  the  maine  Mast  by  a  generall  cry,  A  Iyer,  a  Iyer, 
a  lyer.  He  is  vnderthe  Swabber,  and  onely  to  keepe  cleane 
the  beake  head  and  chaines. 

The  Saylers  are  the  antient  men  for  hoysing  the  sailes, 
getting  the  tackes  aboord,  hawling  the  Bow-lines,  and 
steering  the  ship. 

The  Younkers  are  the  yong  men  called  Fore-mast  men, 
to  take  in  the  Topsayles,  or  Top  and  yeard ;  Furle,  and 
Sling  the  maine  Saile;  Bousing  or  Trysing;  and  take  their 
turne  at  Helme. 

TheLieutenantisto  associate[with]  the  Captaine,and  in  his 
absence  to  execute  his  place.  He  is  to  see  the  Marshall  and 
Corporall  doe  their  duties,  and  assist  them  in  instructing 
the  Souldiers:  and  [7]  in  a  fight  the  Forecastle  is  his  place, 
to  make  good;  as  the  Captaine  doth  the  halfe  decke;  and 
the  quarter  Maisters  the  midships.  But  in  the  States  men 
of  Warre  he  is  allowed  as  necessary  as  a  Lieuetenant  on 
shore. 

When  you  set  sayle  and  put  to  sea,  the  Captaine  is  to 
call  vp  the  company ;  and  the  one  halfe  is  to  goe  to  the 
Starreboord,  the  other  to  the  Larboord,  as  they  are 
chosen  :  the  Maister  chusing  first  one,  then  his  Mate 
another,  and  so  forward  till  they  bee  diuided  in  two  parts. 
Then  each  man  is  to  chuse  his  Mate,  Consort,  or  Comrado. 
Then  diuide  them  into  squadrons  according  to  your  num- 
bers and  burthen  of  your  ship ;  but  care  would  be  had, 
that  there  be  not  two  Comorados  vpon  one  watch,  because 
they  may  haue  the  more  roome  in  the  Cabons  to  rest. 


[1626] 

The  Coxe- 
swaine  and 
his  Mate. 

The  Cooke 
and  his 
Mate. 


The 
Swabber. 


The  Lyer. 


The 
Saylers. 


The 

Yonkers. 


The 
Lieuet- 


Howto 
diuide  the 
Company. 


To  giue  a  true  Arithmeticall  and  Geometricall  proportion 


792  An  Accidence  for  yo\u]ng  Sea-men.  [J( 


Smith, 
ct.  1626. 


[1626]      for  the  building  of  ships  ;  were  they  all  built  after  one  [8] 
mould,  as  also  of  their  Yeards,  Masts,  Cables,  Cordage 
and  Sayles  were  all  the  stuffe  of  like  goodnesse,  a  metho- 
dicall  rule  might  bee  Proiected :  but  it  would  bee  too  curious 
for  this  Discourse,  and  as  much  too  troublesome  either 
for  the  Reader  or  Author;  but  the  principall  names  of  the 
timbers  about  the  building  of  a  ship,  according  to  his  vnder- 
standing  followeth,  and  how,  being  framed,  they  are  fixed. 
ThePrinci-       First   lay  the    Keele,  the    Stemme,  and  Starne    in  a 
th"Sers°f  dry  docke,  or  vppon  the  stockes,  and  binde  them  with 
blXnga     good"   knees ;  then  lay  all  the  Flore  timbers,  and  cut  your 
ship-  Limber  holes  aboue  the  keele,  to  bring  the  water  to  the 

well  for  the  pumpe.     Next  your  Nauell  timbers,  and  bind 
them  all  with  sixe  foote  Skarfe  at  the  least.     The  Garbell 
strake  is  the  outside  plancke  next  the  keele.    Be  sure  you 
haue  a  good  sufficient  Kelson:  and  then  plancke  your  out- 
side and  inside  vp,  with  your  Top  timbers ;  but  the  [9] 
lengths,  breadthes,   depthes,  rakes,  and  burdens  are  so 
variable  and  different  that  nothing   but  experience  can 
possibly  teach  it. 
Notes  of  a        A  Shippe  of  400.  Tunnes  requires  a   planke  of  foure 
bctweenethc  inches;  300. Tunnes, three  inch;  small  Ships, two  inch:  but 
a?dPtheter     none  lesse.     For  clamps,  middle  bands  and  sleepers,  they 
Owner.        De  a\\  0f  5#  [nc\i  planke  for  binding  within.     The  rest  for 
the  sparring  vp  of  the  workes  of  square  3.  inch  planke. 

Lay  the  beames  of  the  Orlope,  if  she  be  400.  Tunnes  at 
ten  foote  deepe  in  howle,  and  all  the  beames  to  be  bound 
with  two  knees  at  each  ende,  and  a  stardard  knee  at  euery 
beames  end  vpon  the  Orlope  :  all  the  Orlope  to  be  layd 
with  square  three  inch  plancke,  and  all  the  planckes  to  be 
treenailed  to  the  beames. 

Sixe  foote  would  bee  betweene  the  beames  of  the  Decke 
and  Orlope,  and  ten  ports  on  each  side  vpon  the  lower 
Orlope:  all  the  binding  betweene  them  [10]  should  be  with 
three  inch,  or  two  inch  plancke,  and  the  vpper  Decke 
should  be  layd  with  so  many  beames  as  are  fitting  with 
knees  to  bind  them  ;  laying  that  Decke  with  spruce  deale 
of  30.  foot  long,  the  sap  cut  off,  and  two  inches  thicke,  for 
it  is  better  then  any  other. 

Then  for  the  Captaines  Cabben  or  great  Cabben,  the 
stearage,  the  halfe  Decke,  the   round  house,  the   Fore- 


J.  Smith."! 
Oct.  1626.  J 


An  Accidence  for  yo\u\ng  Sea-men. 


793 


castle,  and  to  binde  an  ende  with  a  Capsterne  and  all 
things  fitting  for  the  Sea  (the  Smiths  worke,  the  earning, 
ioyning,  and  painting  excepted)  are  the  principall  things 
I  remember  to  be  obserued. 

For  a  Charter-party  betwixt  the  Merchant,  the  Maister, 
and  the  Owner,  you  haue  Presidents  of  all  sorts  in  most 
Scriueners  shops. 

A  dry  Docke,  the  stockes,  the  keele,  the  steme,  the 
sterne,  the  starne-port,  the  flowre,  the  sleepers,  rising 
timbers,  garble  strake,  her  rake,  the  fore  reach,  plankes, 
bindings,  knees,  boults,  trunions,  [11]  brasers,  riders,  the 
Orlope,  the  ports,  the  bend,  the  bowe,  the  hawse,  the 
hawses,  the  decke,  the  partners,  a  flush  decke,  fore  and 
aft,  the  ram  heads,  the  Knights,  a  halfe  decke,  a  quarter 
decke,  the  bulke,  the  bulkes-head,  the  skuttle,  the  hatches, 
the  hatches  way,  the  holes  in  the  commings,  pitch,  tarre, 
rosen,  okum,  calking.  In  the  stearage  roome,  the  whip,  the 
bittakell,  the  trauas  boord,  the  Compasse,  the  Fly,  the 
needle,  the  lanthorne,  the  socket.  About  the  Gun-roome, 
the  Tiller,  the  rudder,  the  pintels,  the  gudgions,  the 
bread-roome,  the  ships  runne.  The  powder-roome,  the 
Stewards  roome,  the  cooke  roome,  the  great  cabbon,  the 
gallery,  a  cabben,  a  hanging  cabben,  a  Hamacke,  the 
lockers,  the  round-house,  the  counter,  the  wayst,  the 
wayst-boords,  the  gunwayle,  stations  for  the  nettings,  a 
chaine  through  the  stations,  or  brest-ropes. 

The  Pumpe,  the  pumpes-well,  the  [12]  pumpes  brake, 
the  pumpes  can,  the  pumpes  chaine,  the  spindle,  the  boxe, 
the  clap.  The  pumpe  is  choaked,  the  pumpe  suckes,  the 
ship  is  stanche. 

The  forecastle,  or  prow,  the  beake  head,  the  bits,  the 
fish-hooke,  a  loufe-hooke,  and  the  blocke  at  the  Dauids 
ende,  the  Cat,  Cats  head  and  Cats  holes,  the  ships  draught. 

The  boule  spret,  the  pillow,  the  sturrop,  the  spret  sayle, 
the  spret  sayle  yeard,  the  spret  sayle  top  mast,  the  spret 
sayle  top  sayle  yard :  the  fore  mast,  the  fore  yard,  the  fore 
top,  the  fore  top  mast,  the  fore  top  sayle  yard,  the  fore 
top  gallant  mast,  the  fore  top  gallant  sayle  yeard.  Coates 
and  wouldings  for  all  masts  and  yeards,  grummets,  and 
staples  for  all  yeards. 


[1626] 


General  sea 
terms  be- 
longing to 
ships. 


What 
belongs  to 
the  Pumpe. 


What 
belongs  to 
the  fore 
castle. 

The  Masts, 
Caps,  and 
Yeards. 


794  An  Accidence  for  yo\_u~\ng  Sea-men.  [J^t! 


Smith. 


[1626]  The  trussell  trees  or  crosse  trees,  the  maine  mast,  the 

step  in  the  kelson  where  it  puts  its  heele,  as  doth  also  the 

fore  mast ;  the  maine  yard,  the  maine  top,  the  main  top 

mast,  the  maine  top  sayleyeard,  the  top  gallant  [13]  mast, 

the  maine  top  gallant  sayle  yeard,  the  trucke  or  flagge  staffe. 

The  misen,  the  misen  yeard,  the  misen  top  mast,  the 

misen  top  sayle  yeard.   In  great  ships  they  haue  two  misens, 

the  latter  is  called  the  boneauentuer  misen.   Then  the  poope, 

Lanthorne,  and  flagge  staffe.    When  a  mast  is  borne  by  the 

boord,  they  make  a  Iury-mast ;  which  is  made  with  yards, 

rouftrees,  or  what  they  can,  splised  or  fished  together. 

The  The  Capsterne,  the  pawle,  the  whelps,  the  capsterne 

aXher     bars.   A  Ieare  capsterne  is  only  in  great  ships  to  hoyse  their 

ghr^ei!       sayles.    The  canhookes,  slings,  and  parbunkels,  ports  and 

ringbolts  and  hooks,  the  skuppers,  the  skupper  holes,  the 

chaines,  the  steepe  tubs,  an  entring  ladder  or  cleats,  a  boy, 

a  can  boy.     A  ship  cranke  sided,  Iron  sicke,  spewes  her 

okum,  a  leak[i]e  ship.     The  sheathing,  furring,  carrying, 

washing,  and  breaming,  lanching,  caruing,  guilding,  and 

painting  a  ship.    Ballast,  kintlage,  canting  [14]  coynes, 

standing  coynes,  roufe  trees,  a  grating,  netting  or  false 

decke  for  your  close  fights. 

The  ropes         The  entring  rope,  the  boate  rope,  the  bucket  rope,  the 

names  m  a    ^oy  rope,  guest  rope,  the  cat  rope,  the  port  ropes,  the  heele 

rope,therudderrope,thetopropes,  thebolt  ropes.  The  brest 

ropes  are  now  out  of  vse,  the  water  line  is  [i.e.,  in  use]. 

concerning       f  he  tacklings  are  the  fore  stay,  the  maine  stay.     The 

andrigginf  tackles,  the  mison  stay,  the  collers,  the  maine  shrouds 

[oO  » ship.    an(j  ghaine^  the  maine  top  shroudes,  the  fore  shroud,  the 

fore  top  shroud,  the  swifters,  the  mison  shroudes,  the  mison 

top  shroudes  and  their  ratlings,  and  the  parels  to  all  masts. 

The  maine  hallyards,  the  maine  top  sayle  hallyards,  the 

top  gallant  saile  hal[l]yards,  the  fore  hallyards,  the  fore  top 

sayle  hallyard,  the  misen  hallyard,  and  the  spret  sayle 

hallyeard,  the   horse,  the  maine  sheats,  the   maine   top 

sayle  sheats,  the  maine  braces,  the  maine  top  sayle  [15] 

braces,  the  maine   bowling   and   bridles,  the   maine   top 

sayle  bowlin[e],  the  bunt  lines,  the  trusses,  the  lifts,  the 

earring,  the  cat  harpings,  a  Ieare,  leatch  lines ;  the  Robins, 

garnit,  Clew  garnits,  tyes,  martlits.     The  most  of  all  these 

are  also  belonging  to  the  fore  mast,  misen  and  bowlespret, 


octS™62h6.]         An  Accidence  for  yo\u\ng  Sea-men.  795 

and  hath  the  same  denomination  after  their  masts  ;  onely  [1626] 
the  boulespret  hath  no  bow  lines,  and  the  misen  sheats, 
are  called  the  starne  sheats.  They  haue  all  of  them  pullies, 
blockes,  shiuers  and  dead  mens  eyes,  Lanyeards,  caskets, 
and  crowes  feete.  A  snap  blocke  is  seldom  vsed  but  in 
heauing  of  goods  and  ordnances. 

There  is  also  diuerse  other  small  cordage,  as  head  lines, 
the  knaulings,  gassits  or  furling  lines,  marlines,  rop[e] 
yearne,  Caburne,  Sinnet,  paunches,  and  such  like. 

The  Cables,  hawsers  or  streame  cables,  are  most  vsed  in 
the  water  by  the  Anchors.  When  they  are  too  short,  [16] 
they  shoote  one  into  another.  When  they  are  galled  or 
breake,  they  splice  them.  When  that  way  vnseruiceable, 
they  serue  for  Iunkes,  fendors  and  braded  plackets  for 
brests  of  defence ;  and  then,  as  the  rest  of  the  ouerworne 
tackling,  for  rope  yarne,  caburne,  sinnit,  an[d]  okum.  Sheeps 
feet  is  a  stay  in  setling  a  top  mast,  and  a  guie  in  staying  the 
tackles  when  they  are  charged  with  goods. 

The  Anchor  hath  a  stocke,  a  ring,  a  shanke,  a  flouke.  JJ3JJ£for 
The  greatest  in  euery  ship  is  called  the  sheat  Anchor,  the 
rest  Anchors.    The  streame  Anchor,  graplings  or  kedgers. 
Bend  your  cables  to  your  Anchors. 

The  maine  saile,  the  fore  sayle  called  sometimes  the  The  names 

„  ,  \  J  .  c  1         r   oftnesailes. 

fore  course ;  the  maine  course  or  a  paire  of  courses,  each  ol 
them  hath  a  bonnet  and  a  drabler ;  the  maine  top  sayle, 
the  top  gallant  sayle,  and  in  a  faire  gaile  your  studding 
sayles ;  then  your  mison,  your  misen  [17]  top  sayle,  your 
spret  sayle,  and  spret  sayle  top  sayle,  a  drift  sayle,  a 
crosiack,  a  netting  sayle.  Twyne,  a  munke  seame,  a  round 
seame,  a  suit  of  sayles,  a  shift  of  sayles,  top  Armours, 
wayst  clothes,  pendants  and  colours. 

A  channell,  a  bay,  a  rode,  a  sound,  an  offen,  a  cone,  J0hrettheearmes 
a  crike,  a  riuer ;  cleere  ground,  very  fast  ground  or  good  harbor. 
anchoring ;  foule  ground,  osie  ground,  sandy  ground,  clay 
ground ;  a  headland,  a  furland,  a  reatch,  a  land  marke.  _ 

A  calme,  a  brese,  a  fresh  gaile,  a  pleasant  gayle,  a  stiffe  F°rAe 
gayle.    It  ouerblowes.     A  gust,  a  storme,  a  spoute,  a  loume 
gaile,  an  eddy  wind,  a  flake  of  wind,  a  Turnado,  a  mounth- 
soune,  a  Herycano. 

J  Tearmes 


A  calme  sea,  becalmed,  a  rough  sea,  an  ouergrowne  sea,  forthe 


sea. 


796  An  Accidence  for  yo[u\ng  Sea-men.  [Jet?**! 

[1626]  the  rut  of  the  sea,  the  roaring  of  the  sea.  It  flowes  quarter 
floud,  high  water,  or  a  still  water.  A  full  sea,  a  spring  tide, 
^ebbe,  a  quarter  ebbe,  halfe  ebbe,  three  quarters  ebbe,  a 
lowe  water,  a  dead  low  water,  a  nepe  tide,  a  [18]  shoule, 
a  ledge  of  rockes,  a  breach,  a  shallow  water,  deepe  water, 
soundings,  fadome  by  the  marke,  3  od  and  a  shaftment  left. 
40^.  Disimboage,  a  gulph,  the  froth  of  the  sea. 

«e£iT* for      Starbord  is  the  right  hand,  Larbord  is  the  left.   Starboord 

iring"      the  helme,  right   your  helme  a  loufe,  keepe  your  loufe, 

come  no  neere,  keepe  full,  stidy,  so  you  goe  well,  port, 

warre,  no  more ;  beare  vp  the  helme,  goe  roumy,  be  yare 

at  the  helme,  a  fresh  man  at  the  helme. 

Tearmesof  A  sayle,  how  stands  she,  to  windward  or  leyward,  set 
him  by  the  Compasse,  he  stands  right  a-head  ;  or  on  the 
weather  bow,  or  ley  bow :  out  with  all  your  sayles,  a  stydy 
man  to  the  helme,  sit  close  to  keep  her  stydie.  Giue 
chase  or  fetch  him  vp,  he  holds  his  owne,  nowe  [we]  gather  on 
him,  out  goeth  his  flag  and  pendance  or  streames,  also  his 
Colours,  his  wast-clothes  and  top  armings,  he  furies  and 
slings  his  maine  saile,  in  goes  his  spret  sayle  and  misen, 
he  makes  ready  [19]  his  close  fights  fore  and  after.  Well, 
we  shall  reach  him  by  and  bye. 

What  is  all  ready  ?  Yea,  yea.  Euery  man  to  his  charge, 
Dowse  your  top  sayle,  salute  him  for  the  sea ;  Ha[i]le 
him  :  whence  your  ship  ?  Of  Spayne,  whence  is  yours  ? 
Of  England.  Are  you  Merchants  or  Men  of  Warre.  We 
are  of  the  Sea.  He  wayses  vs  to  leyward  for  the  King  of 
Spaine,  and  keeps  his  loufe.  Giue  him  a  chase  peece,  a 
broad  side,  and  runne  ahead,  make  ready  to  tacke  about, 
giue  him  your  sterne  peeces,  be  yare  at  helme,  ha[i]le  him 
with  a  noyse  of  Trumpets. 

We  are  shot  through  and  through,  and  betweene  winde 
and  water,  trye  the  pumpe.  Maister  let  vs  breathe  and 
refreshe  a  little.  Sling  a  man  ouerboord  to  stop  the  leake. 
Done,  done.  Is  all  ready  againe,  Yea,  yea :  beare  vp 
close  with  him,  with  all  your  great  and  small  shot  charge 
him.  Boord  him  on  his  weather  quarter,  lash  fast  your 
graplins  and  sheare  off,  then  run  stemlins  the  [24]  mid 
ships.  Boord  and  boord,  or  thwart  the  hawse,  we  are 
foule  on  each  other. 


o^SSs!]         An  Accidence  for  yo[u]ng  Sea-men.  797 

The  ships  on   fire.    Cut   any  thing  to  get  cleere,  and      [1626] 
smother  the  fire  with  wet  clothes.   We  are  cleere,  and  the 
fire  is  out,  God  be  thanked. 

The  day  is  spent,  let  vs  consult.  Surgion  looke  to  the 
wounded.  Wind  vp  the  slaine,  with  each  a  waight  or  bullet 
at  his  head  and  feete,  giue  three  peeces  for  their  funerals. 
Swabber  make  cleane  the  shippe.  Purser  record  their 
names.  Watch  bee  vigilant  to  keepe  your  berth  to  wind- 
ward :  and  that  wee  loose  him  not  in  the  night.  Gunners 
spunge  your  Ordinances.  Souldiers  skower  your  peeces. 
Carpenters  about  your  leakes.  Boteson  and  the  rest, 
repaire  the  sayles  and  shrouds.  Cooke  see  you  obserue 
your  directions  against  the  morning  watch. 

Boy.  Holla  Maister.  Holla,  Is  the  kettle  boyled  ? 
Yea,  yea. 

Boteswaine  call  vp  the  men  to  Prayer  and  Breakfast.  [25] 

Boy  fetch  my  celler  of  Bottles.  A  health  to  you  all 
fore  and  afte,  courage  my  hearts  for  a  fresh  charge  : 
Maister  lay  him  a  bord  loufe  for  loufe ;  Midships  men  see 
the  tops  and  yeards  well  maned  with  stones  and  brasse 
bals,  to  enter  them  in  the  shrouds,  and  every  squadron 
else  at  their  best  aduantage.  Sound  Drums  and  Trumpets, 
and  St.  George  for  England. 

They  hang  out  a  flag  of  truse,  stand  in  with  him,  ha[i]le 
him  a  mayne,  [to]  abase  or  take  in  his  flagge,  strike  their 
sayles  and  come  aboard,  with  the  Captaine,  Purser,  and 
Gunner,  with  your  Commission,  Cocket,  or  bills  of  loading. 

Out  goes  their  Boate,  they  are  lanched  from  the  Ship 
side.  Entertayne  them  with  a  generall  cry,  God  saue  the 
Captayne,  and  all  the  Company,  with  the  Trumpets 
sounding.  Examine  them  in  particuler;  and  then  conclude 
your  conditions  with  feasting,  freedome,  or  punishment,  as 
you  finde  occasion.    [26] 

Other  wayes  if  you  surprize  him  or  enter  perforce ;  you 
may  stow  the  men,  rifle,  pillage,  or  sacke,  and  crye  a  prize. 

To  call  a  Councell  in  a  Fleete:  there  is  the  Councell 
of  Warre,  and  the  common  Councell,  which  hangs  their 
flags  out  in  the  mayne  shrouds,  and  the  misen. 

Now,  betweene  two  Navies  they  use  often,  especially  in 
a  Harbour  or  rode,  where  they  are  at  anchor,  to  fill  olde 


798  An  Accidence  for  yo\u\ng  Stx-tnen.         [o^fSS.* 

[1626]  Barkes  with  pitch,  tar,  trayne  oyle,  linsed  oyle,  brimstone, 
rosen,  reedes,  and  dry  wood,  and  such  combustable  things 
sometimes  they  linke  three  or  foure  together,  towed  to- 
gether in  the  night,  and  put  a  drift  as  they  finde  occasion. 

To  passe  a  Fort,  some  will  make  both  shippe  and  sayles 
all  blacke :  but  if  the  Fort  keepe  but  a  fire  on  the  other 
side,  and  all  their  peeces  poynt  blanke  with  fire,  if  they 
discharge,  what  is  betwixt  them  and  the  fire  the  shot  will 
[27]  hit,  if  the  rule  be  truely  obserued. 

To  conclude,  there  is  as  many  stratagims,  advantages, 
and  inventions  to  be  vsed,  as  you  finde  occasions ;  and  there 
fore  experiences  must  be  the  best  Tutor. 

Concerning  Bend  your  passerado  to  the  mayne-sayle,  git  the  sailes 
worfeg°of  to  the  yeards,  about  your  geare  on  all  hands,  hoyse  your 
a  ship.  sayles  halfe  mast  high,  make  ready  to  set  sayle,  crosse 
your  yeards,  bring  your  Cable  to  the  Capsterne.  Boat- 
swaine  fetch  an  Anchor  aboord,  break  ground  or  way 
Anchor,  heaue  a  head,  men  into  the  tops,  men  vpon  the 
yeards.  Come  is  the  Anchor  a  pike,  heaue  out  your  top- 
sayles,  hawle  your  sheates.  What's  the  Anchor  away : 
Yea,  yea.  Let  fall  your  fore  sayle,  whose  at  the  helme 
there,  coyle  your  cable  in  small  slakes,  hawle  the  cat,  a 
bitter,  belay,  loufe,  fast  your  Anchor  with  your  shanke 
painter,  stow  the  boate.  Let  falleyour  maine  saile,  on  with 
your  bonnets  and  drablers,steare  study  before  the  wind.  [28] 
The  wind  veares,  git  your  star-boord  tacks  aboord, 
hawle  off  your  ley  sheats,  ouerhawle  the  ley  bowlin,  ease 
your  mayne  brases,  out  with  your  spret-saile,  flat  the 
fore  sheat,  pike  vp  the  misen  or  brade  it.  The  ship  will 
not  wayer,  loure  the  maine  top  saile,  veare  a  fadome  of 
your  sheat.  A  flown  sheate,  a  faire  winde  and  a  boune 
voyage,  the  wind  shrinks,  get  your  tacks  close  aboord, 
make  ready  your  loufe  howks  and  ley  fagnes,  to  take  off 
your  bonnits  and  drablers,  hawle  close  your  maine  bowline. 
It  ouercasts,  we  shall  haue  winde,  sattle  your  top 
sailes,  take  in  the  spret  sayle,  in  with  your  topsayles, 
lower  your  maine  sayles,  tallow  vnder  the  parrels,  in  with 
your  maine  sayle,  lower  the  fore  sayle.  The  sayle  is  split, 
brade  vp  close  all  your  sayles,  lash  sure  the  Ordinances, 
strike  your  top  masts  to  the  cap,  make  them  sure  with 


o^TeS*.]         An  Accidence  for  yo\u~]ng  Sea-men.  799 

your  sheepes  feete.  A  storme,  hull,  lash  sure  the  helme  a  [1626] 
ley,  lye  to  try  out  drift.  How  capes  the  ship?  cun  the  ship 
[29]  spoune  before  the  winde,  she  lusts,  she  lyes  vnder  the 
Sea,  trie  her  with  a  crose  jacke,  bowse  it  vp  with  the  out- 
looker.  She  will  founder  in  the  Sea,  runne  on  shore,  split 
or  billage  on  a  Rocke,  a  wracke,  put  out  a  goose-winge,  or 
a  hullocke  of  a  sayle. 

Faire  weather,  set  your  fore  sayle.  Out  with  all  your 
sailes,  get  your  Larboard  tackes  aboord,  hawle  off  your 
Starboord  sheats,  goe  large,  laske,  ware  yawning,  the 
ships  at  stayes,  at  backe-stayes,  ouer-set  the  ship,  flat 
about,  handle  your  Sayles,  or  trim  your  sayles,  let  rise 
your  tacks,  hawle  of  your  sheats.  Rocke-weede,  adrift, 
or  flotes.  One  to  the  top  to  looke  out  for  Land.  A 
ships  wake,  the  water  way,  the  weather  bow,  weather 
coyle,  lay  the  ship  by  the  Ley,  and  heaue  the  lead,  try 
the  dipsie  line,  bring  the  ship  to  rights,  fetch  the  log-line 
to  try  what  way  shee  makes,  turne  vp  the  minute  glasse, 
obserue  the  hight.  Land,  to  make  Land,  how  beares  it, 
set  it  by  the  Compasse  [30]  cleare  your  leach-lines,  beare 
in,  beare  off,  or  stand  off,  or  sheare  off,  beare  vp. 

Outward  bound,  homeward  bound,  shorten  your  Sailes, 
take  in  your  Sailes,  come  to  an  Anchor  vnder  the  Ley  of 
the  weather  shore,  the  Ley  shore,  nealed  too,  looke  to 
your  stoppers,  your  Anchor  comes  home,  the  ships  a  drift, 
vere  out  more  Cable,  let  fall  your  sheat  Anchor,  land  locked, 
mo[o]re  the  ship.  A  good  Voyage,  Armes,  arme  a  skiffe,  a 
frigot,  a  pinnace,  a  ship,  a  squadron,  a  fleete.  When  you 
ride  amongst  many  ships,  pike  your  yards. 

To  the  boate  or  skiffe  belongs  oares,  a  mast,  a  saile,  a  Thetearmes 
stay,  a  halyard,  sheats,   a  boat-hook,  thoughts,  thoules,  oftheboate- 
rudder,  irons,  bailes,  a  trar-pawling  or  yawning,  carlings, 
carling- knees,  for  the  Dauid,  the  boates-wayles,  a  dridge. 
To  row  a  spell,  hold-water,  trim  the  boate,  vea,  vea,  vea,  vea, 
s^*,whosaies  Amen,  one  and  all,  for  a  dram  of  the  bottle.  [31] 

A  Basillisco,  double   Cannon,   Cannon   Pedrea,   demy  The  names 

Cannon,    Culvering,    Sakar,    Minion,    Falcon,   Falconet,  ofgreaT5 

Rabbenet,  Murderers,  slings,  Chambers,  Curriors,  Harga-  °rf™encceeSi 

busacrock,  Musquets,  bastard  Musquets,  Coliners,  Carbines,  J^fj£«f 
Crabuts,  long  Pistols,  short  Pistols,  Charges,  Cartrages, 


appurten- 
ances. 


800  An  Accidence  for  yo\u\ng  Sea-men,         \i'Qf!f^. 

[1626]  Match,  Spunges,  Ladles,  Rammers,  Rammers  heads,  tom- 
kins,  a  worme,  a  bore,  a  barrell,  taper  bore,  hunicomed,  lint 
stockes,  carrages,  trukes,  linch-pins,  trunions,  axell-trees, 
beds,  coynings.  The  peeces  in  the  prow,  the  chase  peeces 
in  the  sterne,  the  quarter  peeces,  the  mid-ships ;  the  vpper 
tyre,  the  middle  tyre,  their  fids  and  leads  to  keepe  dry  the 
touch  hole.  Travers  a  peece,  dispeart  a  peece.  Com- 
passe  Calipers,  a  gunners  quadrant,  a  hand  spike,  a  crow 
of  iron,  to  mount  a  peece,  to  dismount  a  peece,  a  darke 
Lanthorne,  a  budge  barrell,  a  home,  a  priming  iron. 
Wyer,  round  shot,  crosse-[32]-barre-shot,  chayne-shot, 
langrill-shot,  a  case,  case-shot,  lead,  melting  ladles, 
moulds,  bullet  bagges,  Musquet  shot,  Colyuer  shot, 
quartred  shot,  Pistol  shot,  poysoned  bullets,  brasse  bals, 
iron  bals,  granadoes,  trunkes  of  wilde  fire,  pikes  of  wild 
fire,  arrowes  of  wild  fire,  pots  of  wild  fire  or  dragouns. 
To  cloye  a  peece  :  To  loade  a  peece  :  To  poyson  a  peece. 
Hookes  for  gunners  or  tacklings. 
Concerning  Concerning  the  particuler  theor[e]mes,  or  tearmes,  for 
^fgrJT"1*  great  Ordnances,  as  the  concaue,  trunke,  cylinder,  the 
soule  or  bore  of  a  peece :  To  know  whether  she  be  equally 
bored,  camber,  taper,  or  belbored ;  the  severall  names  of 
her  mettle,  the  thinnesse  and  thicknesse,  her  carnooze  or 
base  ring  at  her  britch,  her  shaft  or  chase,  her  trunnions, 
mousell  rings  at  her  mouth,  to  dispart  her,  know  her 
leuell  poynt  blanke  and  best  at  randome,  her  fortification, 
the  differences  of  powder,  be  it  serpentine  or  corned 
powder ;  if  she  be  well  mounted,  [33]  vpon  a  leuell  plot- 
forme  or  no  :  besides  there  are  so  many  vncertaine  acci- 
dents, both  in  the  peece,  shot,  and  powder,  the  ground 
the  ayre  and  differences  in  proportion,  they  can  no  cer- 
taine  artificiall  rules  be  proscribed. 

Those  proportions  following  are  neere  the  matter,  but 
for  your  better  satisfaction,  read  Master  Digs  his  Pantry - 
metriay  Master  Smithy  or  Master  Burnes  Arte  of  gun[ne]ry, 
or  Master  Robert  Nortons  expositions  vpon  maister  Digs  : 
any  of  these  will  shew  you  the  Theoricke ;  but  to  be  a 
good  Gunner,  you  must  learn  it  by  practise. 

The  Gunners  scale  is  made  in  brasse  at  Tower  Hill, 
with  prospectiue  glasses,  and  many  other  instruments  by 
Master  Bates.  [34] 


Ordinance. 


oJctS?626."]         An  Accidence  for  yo\u\ng  Sea-men. 

A  Table  of  Proportions  for  the  vse  of  great 
Ordinance. 


[Names.] 

The 

weight 
of  the 
Peeces 

in 
pounds. 

The 

weight 

of  the 

shot 

in 

pounds. 

The 
Circum- 
ference 

of  the 
shot  in 
pounds. 

The 

height 
of  the 
shot 

in 
inches. 

The 
length 
of  the 
Ladle 

in 
inches. 

The 
bredth 
of  the 
Ladle 

in 
inches. 

The 

weight 
of  the 
powder 

in 
pounds. 

Skores 

of 
paces 

at 
poynt 
blanke. 

A  Cannon 

8000 

63 

241 

71 

23 

15 

46 

26 

Demy  Cannon  ... 

600O 

32 

18* 

6 

22£ 

II* 

24 

30 

A  Culuering    ... 

550O 

18 

15* 

5 

22 

9 

14 

33 

Demy  Culueting 

4500 

9 

12* 

4 

20 

8 

9 

39 

A  Sacar    

3SOO 

Si 

ibA 

3l 

i6£ 

6i 

5* 

26 

A  Minion 

I500 

4 

9* 

3 

15 

6 

4 

25 

A  Falcon  ...     ... 

IIOO 

2* 

n 

2i 

12J 

5 

2i 

14 

A  Falconet 

Soo 

I* 

H 

2 

10 

4 

I* 

8 

801 

[1626] 


Note  that  seldome  in  any  Ships  they  vse  any  Ordinance 
greater  then  a  demy  Cannon.  [35] 

The  Ship  hath  one  third  part ;  the  Victualler  the  other  f^S^ 
third;  the  other  third  part  is  for  the  Company,  and  this  shares  in  a 

,,..,,,,  r  r        J *  Man  of 

IS  Subdivided  thus.  Warre. 


Shares 

The  Captaine 

hath 

9. 

The  Master 

hath 

7. 

The  Mates 

hath 

5- 

The  Gunners 

hath 

5- 

The  Carpenter 

hath 

5. 

The  Boatswaine 

hath 
5i 

4. 

S02 


An  Accidence  for  yo\u\ng  Sea-men.         [0£, 


Smith. 
Oct.  1636. 


[1626], 


The  Marshall  hath 

The  Corporal  hath 

The  Chyrugion  hath 

The  quarter  Masters  hath 

The  Steward  hath 

The  Cooke  hath 

The  Coxon  hath 

The  Trumpeter  hath 

The  Sailers,  two  or  one  and  a  halfe. 

The  Boyes  a  single  share. 

The  Lieuetenant  what  the  Captaine  will  giue  him, 

or  as  they  can  agree.   [36] 

They  vse  to  appoint  a  certaine  reward  extraordinary 
to  him  that  first  discries  a  Sayle  if  they  take  her,  and  to 
him  that  first  enters  her. 


Shares. 
4- 
3- 
3- 
4- 
3- 
3- 
3- 
4- 


For  to  learne  to  obserue  the  Altitude,  Latitude,  Longi- 
tude, Amplitude,  the  variation  of  the  Compasse,  the 
Sunnes  Azimuth  and  Almicanter,  to  shift  the  Sunne  and 
Moone,  and  to  know  the  tydes,  your  roomes,  pricke  your 
card,  and  say  your  Compasse,  get  some  of  those  bookes : 
but  practise  is  the  best. 


Master  [E.]  Wrights  errors 
of  Nauigation. 

Master  [J.]  Taps  Sea-mans 
Kallender. 

[M.  Cortes.]  The  Art  of 
Nauigation. 

[W.  Bourne.]  The  Sea 
Regiment. 

[J.  Davis.]  The  Sea-mans 
Secrets. 

Wagganour  [i.e.,  J.  S.  Wag- 
hen  aer's  The  Marinours 
Mirrour,  translated  by 
A.  Ashley.     1588.] 


Master  [E.]  Gunters  workes. 
The  Sea-mans  glasse  for  skale. 
Thenew  attracter  for  variation. 
Master  Wright  for  the  vse  of 

the  Globe. 
Master  Hewes  for  the  same. 

[37] 
Good  Sea  Cards  [i.e.,  Charts.] 
Two  paire  of  Compasees. 
An  Astralobe  quadrant. 
A  Crosse  staff e. 
A  backe  staff e. 
An  Astrolobe. 
An  Nocturnall. 


If  you  haue  a  Divine,  his  pay  is  most  commonly  both  from 
the  Aduenturers  and  the  Saylors ;  so  also  is  the  Chyrurgion. 


oalTeS:]         An  Accidence  for  yo\u~]ng  Sea-men.  803 

Young  Gentlemen  that  desires  commaund  ought  well      [1626 
to  consider,  the  condition  of  his  ship,  victuall,  and  Com-  Advertise- 

•r  1  1  1  <-\i  1  ments  for 

pany;  lor  if  there  be  more  learners  then  Saylers,  now  yongCom- 
sleightly  soeuer  many  esteeme  Saylers,  all  the  worke  to  Spines 
saue  Ship,  goods,  and  Hues,  must  lye  vpon  them,  espe-  officer* 
daily  in  foule  weather,  the  labour,  hazard,  wet  and  cold 
is  so  incredible  I  cannot  expresse  it.  It  is  not  then  the 
number  of  them  that  here  will  say  at  home,  what  I 
cannot  [38]  doe,  I  can  quickly  learne,  and  what  a  great 
matter  it  is  to  sayle  a  Ship,  or  goe  to  Sea.  Surely  those 
for  a  good  time  will  doe  most  trouble  then  good.  I  con- 
fesse  it  is  more  necessary  such  should  go,  but  not  too  many 
in  one  ship;  for  if  the  labour  of  sixty  should  lye  vpon 
thirty,  as  many  times  it  doth ;  they  are  so  ouer-charged  with 
labour,  bru[i]ses,  and  ouer-strayning  themselues  :  (for  there 
is  no  dallying  nor  excuses  with  stormes,  gusts,  overgrowne 
seas,  and  ley  shores),  they  fall  sicke  of  one  disease  or  other, 
and  then  if  their  Victuals  be  putrified,  it  indangers  all. 

Men  of  all  other  professions,  in  lightning,  thunder, 
stormes  and  tempests,  with  raine  and  snow,  may  shelter 
themselues  in  dry  houses,  by  good  fires,  and  good  cheere ; 
but  those  are  the  chief  times,  that  Sea-men  must  stand 
to  their  tackelings,  and  attend  with  all  diligence  their 
greatest  labour  vpon  the  Deckes.  Many  supposeth  any 
thing  is  good  enough  [39]  to  serue  men  at  sea,  and  yet 
nothing  sufficient  for  them  a  shore,  either  for  their  healthes, 
for  their  ease,  or  estates,  or  state.  A  Commaunder  at 
Sea  should  do  well  to  thinke  the  contrary,  and  prouide 
for  himselfe  and  company  in  like  manner ;  also  seriously 
to  consider  what  will  be  his  charge,  to  furnish  himselfe 
at  sea,  with  bedding,  linnen,  armes,  and  apparell ;  how 
to  keepe  his  table  aboord,  his  expences  on  shore,  and  his 
Petty  Tally,  which  is  a  competent  proportion  according  to 
your  number,  of  these  particulars  following. 

Fine  wheat  flower,  close  and  well  packed,  Rise,  Cur- 
rands,  Sugar,  Prunes,  Cinamon,  Ginger,  Pepper,  Cloues, 
Greene-ginger,  Oyle,  Butter,  Olde  Cheese,  or  Holland,  Wine, 
vinegar,  Canary  Sacke,  Aqua  vitce,  the  best  Wines,  the  best 
Waters,  the  iuyce  of  Lemons  for  the  Scurvey,  white  Bisket, 
Oate  meale,  Gammons  of  Bacon,  dried  neates  tongues,  Rosted 
Beefe  packed  vp  in  vineger.  [40]    Legges  of  Mutton  minced 


804  An  Accidence  for  yo\u\ng  Sea-men.         [oJctST6a6.' 

[1626]  and  stewed,  and  close  packed  vp  with  butter  in  earthen 
pots.  To  entertaine  strangers,  Marmelet,  Suckets,  Almonds, 
Comfits,  and  such  like. 

Some  it  may  bee  will  say,  I  would  haue  men  rather  to 
feast  then  fight.  But  I  say  the  want  of  those  necessaries, 
occasions  the  losse  of  more  men,  then  in  any  English 
fleet  hath  bin  slaine  in  any  fight  since  [i5]88 :  for  when  a 
man  is  ill  sicke,  or  at  the  poynt  of  death,  I  would  know 
whether  a  dish  of  buttered  Rice,  with  a  little  Cinamon 
and  Sugar,  a  little  minced  meate,  or  roast  beefe,  a  few 
stewed  Prunes,  a  race  of  greene-ginger,  a  flap  Iacke,  a 
can  of  fresh  water  brued  with  a  little  Cinamon,  Ginger, 
and  Sugar,  be  not  better  then  a  little  poore  John,  or  salt 
fish,  with  oyle  and  mustard,  or  bisket,  butter,  cheese  or 
oatemeale  pottage  on  fish  dayes,salt  beefe,  porke  and  pease, 
and  sixe  shillings  beere.  This  is  your  ordinary  ships  allow- 
ance, and  good  for  [41]  them  are  well,  if  well  conditioned ; 
which  is  not  alwayes,  as  sea-men  can  too  well  witnesse : 
and  after  a  storme,  when  poore  men  are  all  wet,  and 
some  not  so  much  a  cloth  to  shift  him,  shaking  with  cold, 
few  of  those  but  will  tell  you,  a  little  Sacke  or  Aquvitae, 
is  much  better  to  keepe  them  in  health,  then  a  little  small 
beere  or  cold  water,  although  it  be  sweete.  Now  that  euery 
one  should  prouide  those  things  for  himselfe,  few  of  them 
haue  either  that  prouidence  or  meanes.  And  there  is 
neither  Alehouse,  Tauerne,  nor  Inne  to  burne  a  faggot  in ; 
neither  Grocer,  Poulterie,  Apothocary,  nor  Butchers  shop  : 
and  therefore  the  vse  of  this  petty  tally  is  necessary,  and 
thus  to  be  imployed  as  there  is  occasion,  to  entertaine 
strangers,  as  they  are  in  quality,  euery  Commander  should 
shewe  himselfe  as  like  himselfe  as  he  can,  as  well  for  the 
credit  of  the  ship  and  his  settors  forth  as  himselfe.  But 
in  that  heerein  euery  one  [42]  may  moderate  themselues, 
according  to  their  owne  pleasures,  therefore  I  leaue  it  to 
their  owne  discretions.  And  this  breefe  Discourse,  and 
my  selfe,  to  their  friendly  construction  and  good  opinion. 

Iohn  Smith  Writ  this  with  his  owne  Hand. 
FINIS. 


THE 

TRUE  TRAVELS, 
ADVENTVRES, 

AND 

OBSERVATIONS 

OF 

Captaine    lOHN    SmITK, 

In  Europe,  Asia,  Affrica,  and  America,  from  Anno 
Domini  1593  to  1629. 
His  Accidents  and    Sea-fights  in  the  Straights ;    his  Service 
and  Stratagems  of  warre  in  Hungaria,  Transilvania,  Wallachia,  and 
Moldavia,  against  the  Turks,  and  Tartars  j  his  three  single 
combats  betwixt  the  Christian  Armie  and  the  Turkes. 
After  how  he  was  taken  prisoner  by  the  Tur\s,  sold  for  a  Slave,  sent 
into  Tartaria  ;  his  description  of  the  Tartars,  their  strange  manners 
and  customes  of  Religions,  Diets,  Buildings,  Warres,  Feasts,  Cere- 
monies, and  Living}  how  hee  slew  the  Bashaw  of  Nalbrits  in 
Gambia,  and  escaped  from  the  Turkes  and  Tartars. 

Together  with  a  continuation  of  his  generall  History  of  Virginia, 

Summer-lies,  New  England,  and  their  proceedings,  since  1624.  to 

this  present  1629  ;  as  also  of  the  new  Plantations  of  the 

great  River  of  the  Amazons,  the  lies  of  St.  Christopher, 

Mevis,  and  Barbados  in  the  West  Indies. 

All  written  by  actuall  Authours,  whose  names 
you  shall  finde  along  the  History. 

London, 

Printed  by  J.  H.  for  Thomas  Slater,  and  are  to  bee 

sold  at  the  Blew  Bible  in  Greene  Arbour.      1  6  3  0. 


[On  the  1 8th  April  1884,  we  personally  inspected,  at  the  College  of 
Arms,  Queen  Victoria  Street,  London,  E.C.,  Sir  William  Segar's 
registration  of  the  Coat  of  Arms  on  the  opposite  page  ;  see  p.  xxiv. 

It  may  be  well  to  repeat  what  we  have  already  said  at  p.  xxiii,  that 
most  of  what  is  here  recorded  by  Smith  of  his  doings  in  Hungary, 
Transylvania,  &c,  in  Chapters  iv.-x.,  pp.  829-850,  is  but  a  reprint  of 
PURCHAS's  translated  Extracts  from  the  Italian  History  or  Biography 
of  Francisco  Farnese,  the  Secretary  to  Prince  Sigismundus 
Batori,  pp.  788,  852  :  and  is  therefore  not  Smith's  own  account  of 
his  own  doings,  but  chiefly  the  narrative  of  a  foreigner  with  no  possible 
motive  for  his  laudation. 

This  Work  was  thus  entered  for  publication  at  Stationers'  Hall, 
London : 

29  &ugtr«t  1629. 

Thomaa  Slaughter  Entred  for  his  Copie  vnder  the  handes  of  master 
Doctor  Jefferay  and  master  Purfoote  Warden 
The  true  travells  aduentures  and  observations  of 
Captaine  John  Smith  in  Europe  Asia  &»c.from 
Anno  Domini  1593  to  1629.  .  .  .  vjd. 
A  Transcript  of  the  Registers  of  the  Company  of  Stationers  of 

London,  1554-1640  A.D.,  Ed.  by  E.  Arber,  iv.  218,  1877. 

The  Travels,  however,  come  no  later  than  1604,  see  p.  880 :  the 
Observations  comprise  the  carrying  on  of  the  story  of  our  colonizing 
efforts  from  1624,  where  the  General  History  left  off  at  p.  784,  down 
to  the  year  1629. 

There  seems  to  have  been  some  delay  in  the  publication  of  this 
book,  for  though  registered  in  August  1629,  it  came  out  with  the  date 
1630. 

For  the  bibliography  of  this  Work  step,  exxxi.] 


fceitljct 


Arms  of  Captain  John  Smith. 


8o8 


To  the  Right  Honourable 

Willi  AM)  Rarle  ofPEMBROKE^ 

Lord  Steward  of  his  Majesties  most 

Honourable  Houshold. 

Robert^    Karle   of  Lindsey^ 

Great  Chamber laine  of 
'England. 

H e  n r  i E^    Lord  H  U  N S  D  O  N , 

Vicount  Rochford,  Karle  of  Dover. 

And  all  your  Honourable  Friends 

and  Well-wilier s. 
My  Lords: 

[1629]  $18^^ R  R°ber*  C°tt°n>  that  most  learned  Trea- 
*TV!§vM  surer  of  Antiquitie,  having  by  perusall  of 
fl^SssC  my  Generall  Historie,  and  others  [i.e.,  his 
other  earlier  publications^  found  that  I  had  likewise 
undergone  divers  other  as  hard  hazards  in  the  other 
parts  of  the  world,  requested  me  to  fix  the  whole 
course  of  my  passages  in  a  booke  by  it  selfe  :  whose 
noble  desire  I  could  not  but  in   part  satisfie ;   the 


A{gsS:]  The  Epistle  Dedicatory.  809 

rather,  because  they  have  acted  my  fatall  Tragedies  [1629] 
upon  the  Stage,  and  racked  my  Relations  at  their 
pleasure.  To  prevent  therefore  all  future  misprisons, 
I  have  compiled  this  true  discourse.  Envie  hath  taxed 
me  to  have  writ  too  much,  and  done  too  little  :  but 
that  such  should  know,  how  little  I  esteeme  them,  I 
have  writ  this ;  more  for  the  satisfaction  of  my  friends, 
and  all  generous  and  well  disposed  Readers. 

To  speake  only  of  my  selfe  were  intolerable  in- 
gratitude ;  because,  having  had  so  many  co-partners 
with  me ;  I  cannot  make  a  Monument  for  my  selfe, 
and  leave  them  unburied  in  the  fields,  whose  lives 
begot  me  the  title  of  a  Souldier ;  for  as  they  were 
companions  with  me  in  my  dangers,  so  shall  they  be 
partakers  with  me  in  this  Tombe. 

For  my  Sea  Grammar  (caused  to  bee  printed  by 
my  worthy  friend,  Sir  Samuel  Saltonstall  \_p.  787]) 
hath  found  such  good  entertainment  abroad,  that  I 
have  beene  importuned  by  many  noble  persons,  to 
let  this  also  passe  the  Presse. 

Many  of  the  most  eminent  Warriers,  and  others  ; 
what  their  swords  did,  their  penns  writ.  Though  I 
bee  never  so  much  their  inferiour,  yet  I  hold  it  no 
great  errour,  to  follow  good  examples;  nor  repine 
at  them,  [who]  will  doe  the  like. 

And  now  my  most  Honourable  good  Lords, 
I  know  not  to  whom  I  may  better  present  it,  than 
to  your  Lordships,  whose  friendships,  as  I  conceive, 


8io 


[1629] 


The  Epistle  Dedicatory. 


r  J.  &r 
LAuK.  i 


Smith. 
6*9. 


are  as  much  to  each  others,  as  my  duty  is  to  you 
all :  and  because  you  are  acquainted  both  with  my 
endevours,  and  writings,  I  doubt  not,  but  your 
honours  will  as  well  accept  of  this,  as  of  the  rest  ; 
and  Patronize  it  under  the  shadow  of  your  most 
noble  vertues,  which  I  am  ever  bound  in  all  duty  to 
reverence,  and  under  which  I  hope  to  have  shelter, 
against  all  stormes  that  dare  threaten. 

Your  Honours  to  be  commanded, 

I  o  ii  n    Smith. 


The  Contents  of  the  severall 

Chapters. 

Chap.    i.    W   f  1  !%Is  birth ;    apprentiship ;    going 
into   France;    his   beginning 
with  ten  shillings  and  three- 
pence, his  service  in  Nether- 
lands ;   his  bad  passage  into  Scotland ; 
his  returne  to  Willoughby;  and  how  he 
lived  in  the  woods page  I.  [p,  821] 

2.  The  notable  villany  of  four e  French  Gal- 
lants,  and  his  revenge;  Smith  throwne 
over-boord,  Captaine  La  Roche  of  Saint 
Malo  releeves  him 3. 

3.  A  desperate  Sea-fight  in  the  Straights ; 
his  passage  to  Rome,  Naples,  and  tht 
view  of  Italy 5. 

4.  The  Siege  of  Olumpagh;  an  excellent 
stratagem  by  Smith ;    another  not  much 


worse. 


...  6. 


[p.  823] 
[p.  826] 
[p.  829] 


The  siege  of  Stowlle-Wesenburg;  the 
effects  of  Smiths  Fire-workes ;  a  worthy 
exploit  of  the  Earle  Rosworme ;  Earle 
Meldritch  takes  the  Bashaw  prisoner.    8.  [p.  831] 

A  brave  encounter  of  the  Turks  armie 
with  the  Christians;  Duke  Mercury 
overthroweth  Assan  Bashaw;  He  divides 
the  Christian  armie;  his  noblenesse  and 
death 9.  [p.  833] 


8i2  The  Contents.  [£*£ 

Chap.  7.  The  unhappy  siege  of  Caniza;  Earle 
Meldritch  serveth  Prince  Sigismundus; 
Prince  Moyses  besiegeth  Regall ;  Smiths 
three  single  combats 11.  [p.  836] 

8.  Georgio  Busca  an  Albane  his  ingratitude 
to  Prince  Sigismundus;  Prince  Moyses 
his  Lieutenant,  is  overthrowne  by  Busca, 
Generall  for  the  Emperour  Rodulphus ; 
Smiths  Patent  from  Sigismundus,  and 
reward 14.  [p,  840] 

9.  Sigismundus  sends  Ambassadours  unto 
the  Emperour ;  the  conditions  re-assured ; 
he  yieldeth  up  all  to  Busca,  and  retumeth 

to  Prague 18.  [p.  845] 

10.  The  Battell  of  Rottenton ;  a  pretty  strata- 
gem of  fire-workes  by  Smith 20.  [p.  848] 

11.  The  names  of  the  English  that  wereslaine 
in  the  battle  of  Rottenton ;  and  how  Cap- 
taine  Smith  was  taken  prisoner ;  and  sold 

for  a  slave 21.  [p.  851] 

12.  How  Captaine  Smith  was  sent  prisoner 
thorow  the  Blacke  and  Dissabacca  Sea  in 
Tartaria;    the  description  of  those  Seas, 

and  his  usage 23.^.853] 

13.  The  Turks  diet;  the  Slaves  diet;  the 
attire  of  the  Tartars;  and  manner  of 
Warres  and  Religions,  &c 24.  [p.  855] 

14.  The  description  of  the  Crym-Tartars ; 
their  houses  and  carts;   their  idolatry  in 

their  lodgings 26.  [p.  857] 

15.  Their  feasts ;  common  diet;  Princes  estate; 
buildings;    lawes;   slaves;   entertainment 

of  Ambassadours 27.  [p.  859] 

16.  How  he  levieth  an  Armie;  their  Armes 
and  Provision ;  how  he  divideth  the 
spoile;  and  his  service  to  the  Great 
Turke 29.  [p.  862J 


AJugs?!t]  The  Contents,  813 

Chap.  17.  How  Captaine  Smith  escaped  his  cap- 
tivity; slew  the  Bashaw  of  Nalbrits  in 
Cambia ;  his  passage  to  Russia,  Transil- 
vania,  and  the  middest  of  Europe  to 
Affrica 31.  [p.  866] 

18.  The  observations  of  Captaine  Smith ; 
Master  Henry  Archer,  and  others  in 
Barbary 34.  [p.  869] 

19.  The  strange  discoveries  and  observations 

of  the  Portugals  in  Affrica 37.  [p.  874J 

20.  A  brave  Sea-fight  betwixt  two  Spanish 
men  of  warre,  and   Captaine  Merham, 

with  Smith 39.  [p.  878] 


21.  The  continuation  of  the  generall  History 
of  Virginia;  the  Summer  lies;  and  New 
England ;  with  their  present  estate  from 

1624.  to  this  present  1629 41*  [p-  883] 

22.  The  proceedings  and  present  estate  of  the 
Summer  lies,  from  An.  Dom.  1624.  to 

this  present  1629 45*  [£•  889] 

23.  The  proceedings  and  present  estate  of  New 
England,    since    1624.   io    this   present 

1629 46.(^.891] 

24.  A  briefe  discourse  of  divers  voyages  made 
unto  the  goodly  Country  of  Guiana,  and 
the  great  River  of  the  Amazons ;  relating 

also  the  present  Plantation  there.      ...  48.  [p.  895] 

25.  The  beginning  and  proceedings  of  the  new 
plantation  of  St.  Christopher  by  Captaine 
Warner 51.  [p.  900] 

26.  The  first  planting  of  the  Barbados.  ...  55.  [p.  906] 

27.  The  first  plantation  of the  He  of Mevis.  56.  [p.  909] 

28.  The  bad  life,  qualities  and  conditions  of 
Pyrats ;  and  how  they  taught  the  Turks 

and  Moores  to  become  men  ofwarre.   58.  [p.  913] 


8 1 4  {Complimentary  Verses.  r'a!fS 


1639. 


To  my  worthy  friend,  Captaine 
Iohn    Smith. 

[1629]       5^j]|SBr  Wo  greatest  Shires  of  England  did  thee  beare, 

Renowned  Yorkshire,  Gaunt-stild  Lancashire ; 
But  what's  all  this  ?  even  Earth,  Sea,  Heaven  above, 
Tragabigzanda,  Callamata's  love, 
Deare  Pocahontas,  Madam  Shanoi's  too, 
Who  did  what  love  with  modesty  could  doe : 
Record  thy  worth,  thy  birth,  which  as  I  live, 
Even  in  thy  reading  such  choice  solace  give, 
As  I  could  wish  (such  wishes  would  doe  well) 
Many  such  Smiths  in  this  our  Israel. 

R.    Brathwait. 

To  my  noble  brother  and  friend, 

Captaine    Iohn     Smith. 

Hou  hast  a  course  so  full  of  honour  runne, 
Envy  may  snarle,  as  dogges  against  the  Sunne 
May  barke,  not  bite  :  for  what  deservedly 
With  thy  lifes  danger,  valour,  pollicy, 
Quaint  warlike  stratagems,  abillity 
And  judgement,  thou  hast  got,  fame  sets  so  high 
Detraction  cannot  reach  :  thy  worth  shall  stand 
A  patterne  to  succeeding  ages,  and 
Cloth' d  in  thy  owne  lines,  ever  shall  adde  grace, 
Vnto  thy  native  Country  and  thy  race ; 
And  when  dissolved,  laid  in  thy  mothers  wombe, 
These,  Caesar-/ifo,  Smiths  Epitaph  and  tombe. 

Anthony    Fereby. 


E'Jorit9.  Complimentary  Verses.]  815 

To  his  valiant  and  deserving  friend, 
Captaine    Iohn    Smith. 

Kongst  Frenchmen,  Spanyards,  Hungars,  Tartars,       [1629] 
Turks, 


A  nd  wilde  Virginians  too,  this  tells  thy  works  : 
Now  some  will  aske,  what  benefit  ?  what  gaine  ? 
Is  added  to  thy  store  for  all  this  paine  ? 
TK  art  then  content  to  say,  content  is  all, 
Th'ast  got  content  for  perils,  paine  and  thrall ; 
Tis  lost  to  looke  for  more :  for  few  men  now 
Regard  Wit,  Learning,  Valour  ;  but  allow 
The  quintessence  of  praise  to  him  that  can 
Number  his  owne  got  gold,  and  riches,  than 
Wart  Valiant,  Learned,  Wise;  Pauls  counsell  will, 
A  dmire  thy  merits,  magnifie  thy  skill. 
The  last  of  thine  to  which  I  set  my  hand 
Was  a  Sea  Grammar ;  this  by  Sea  and  Land, 
Serves  us  for  imitation  :  I  know  none, 
That  like  thy  selfe  hast  come,  and  runne,  and  gone. 
To  such  praise-worthy  actions :  beeH  approued, 
Th'  ast  well  deserv'd  of  best  men  to  be  loued : 
If  France,  or  Spaine,  or  any  forren  soile 
Could  claime  thee  theirs,  for  these  thy  paines  and  toile, 
Th'  adst  got  reward  and  honour  :  now  adayes, 
What  our  owne  natives  doe,  we  seldom  praise. 

Good  men  will  yeeld  thee  praise ;  then  sleight  the  rest ; 
Tis  best  praise-worthy  to  have  pleased  the  best. 

Tuissimus  Ed.    Iorden. 


8 1 6  [Complimentary  Verses,  m  h  J 


M.  Hawkins. 
1639. 


To  my  worthy  friend,  Captaine 
Iohn    Smith. 

[1629]       Q^p^Ear^  noble  Captaine,  who  by  Sea  and  Land, 
To  act  the  earnest  of  thy  name  hast  hand 
And  heart;  who  canst  with  skill  designe  the  Fori, 
The  Leaguer,  Harbour,  City,  Shore,  and  Port : 
Whose  sword  and  pen  in  bold,  ruffe,  Martiall  wise, 
Put  forth  to  try  and  beare  away  the  prize, 
From  Caesar  and  Blaize  Monluc  :  Can  it  be, 
That  Men  alone  in  Gonnels  fortune  see 
Thy  worth  advanced  ?  no  wonder  since  our  age, 
Is  now  at  large  a  Bedlem  or  a  Stage. 

Rich.     Iames. 

To  his  worthy  friend,  Captaine 
Iohn     Smith. 

Hou  that  hast  had  a  spirit  to  flie  like  thunder, 

Without  thy  Countries  charge  through  those  strange 
dangers, 
Doth  make  my  muse  amazed,  and  more  to  wonder 
That  thy  deserts  should  shared  be  by  strangers, 
And  thou  neglected  ;  (ah  miracle  !)  most  lamented, 
At  thy  great  patience  thus  to  rest  contented. 


M.  Hawkins 


R.aSK3:  Complimentary  Verses^  817 

'29. 

For  none  can  truly  say  thou  didst  deceive,  [1629] 

Thy  Souldiers,  Sailers,  Merchants,  nor  thy  friends, 

But  all  from  thee  a  true  account  receive, 

Yet  nought  to  thee  all  these  thy  vertues  brings  ; 

Is  none  so  noble  to  advance  thy  merit, 
If  any  be,  let  him  thy  praise  inherit. 

Ma.    Hawkins. 


To  my  worthy  friend,  Captaine 
Iohn    Smith. 

0  combate  with  three  Turks  in  single  du'le^ 

Before  two  Armies,  who  the  like  hath  done  ? 
Slaine  thy  great  lailor ;  found  a  common  weale 
In  faire  America  where  ;  thou  hast  wonnt 
No  lesse  renowne  amongst  their  Savage  Kings, 
Than  Turkish  warres,  that  thus  thy  honour  sings. 

Could  not  those  tyrants  daunt  thy  matchlesse  spirit. 

Nor  all  the  cruelty  of  envies  spight : 
Will  not  thy  Country  yet  reward  thy  merit, 

Nor  in  thy  acts  and  writings  take  delight  ? 
Which  here  in  so  few  sheets  doth  more  expresse 

Than  volumes  great,  this  is  thy  happinesse. 

Richard    Meade. 
52 


8 1 8  [Complimentary  Verses.  ^  cfiiS;. 


xtag 


To  my  well  deserving  friend, 
Captaine    Iohn    Smith. 

[1629]      !«jn  r^jpHou  hast  no  need  to  covet  new  applause, 

Nor  doe  I  thinke  vaine-glory  moves  thee  to  it ; 
But  since  it  is  thy  will  {though  without  cause) 
To  move  a  needlesse  thing,  yet  will  I  doe  it : 
Doe  it  in  brief e  I  will,  or  else  I  doe  the[e]  wrong, 

And  say,  rend  or'e  Captaine  Smiths  former  song; 
His  first  then  will  invite  thee  to  his  latter: 
Reader  'tis  true ;  I  am  not  brib'd  to  flatter. 

Edw.    Ingham. 


To  his  approved  friend,  the  Authour ; 
Captaine   Iohn    Smith. 

■/v., Bard.]  ^^nCJw^*  old  Greeke  Beard,*  counts  him  the  onely  man, 
Who  knowes  strange  Countries,  like  his  Ithacan, 
A  nd  wise,  as  valiant,  by  his  observation, 
Can  tell  the  severall  customes  of  each  Nation : 
A 11  these  are  met  in  thee,  who  will  not  then 
Repute  thee  in  the  ranke  of  worthiest  men  ? 

To  th'Westerne  world  to  former  times  unknowns, 
Thy  active  spirit  hath  thy  valour  showne  : 
The  Turks  and  Tartars  both  can  testifie, 
Thee  fhave  deserv'd  a  Captaines  dignity ; 
But  verse  thou  need'st  not  to  expresse  thy  worth. 
Thy  acts,  this  booke  doe  plainly  set  it  forth. 

M.    Cartner. 


I.C.andC.P. 

B.  O.  Rourke. 

1629. 


Complimentary   Verses."] 


819 


To   the    Valourous   and   trwly -vert uous 
souldier,    Captaine   Iohn    Smith. 

O*  Faith  in  Campe  ?  tis  false :  see  pious  Smith 
Hath  brought  stragling  Astraea  backe,  and  with 
An  all  outdaring  spirit  made  Valour  stand 
Vpheld  by  Vertue  in  bold  Mars  his  land : 
If  Valourous,  be  praise ;  how  great's  his  Name  ? 
Whose  Valour  joynd  with  Vertue  laud  's  his  Fame. 
Vwas  Homers  boast  of  wise  Laertes  sonne, 
t  Well-read  in  men  and  Cities  :  than  thou  none 
{Great  Smith)  of  these  can  more  true  tales  rehearse ; 
What  want  thy  praises  then,  but  Homers  verse  ? 


[1629] 

*  Nulla  fides 
pietasque 
viris,  qui 
castra  sequ- 
untur. 


$'  avQpia- 
irutv  ISev 
aorea  icai 
voov  iyv<o 
Horn.  OdysB. 


Jn  Smitkum  Distichon. 

Quisque  suas  sortis*Faber;  an  Faber  exstitit  unquam  *  APPiu« 
Te  (Smithe)  fortunae  verior  usque  suae  ? 

I.  c. 
C.  P. 

To  his  noble  friend,  Captaine 
Iohn    Smith. 

0  see  bright  honour  sparkled  all  in  gore, 
Would  Steele  a  spirit  that  neWe  fought  before : 
A  nd  thafs  the  height  of  Fame,  when  our  best  bloud, 
Is  nobly  spilt  in  actions  great  and  good : 

So  thou  hast  taught  the  world  to  purchase  Fame, 

Rearing  thy  story  on  a  glorious  frame, 

And  such  foundation  doth  thy  merits  make  it, 

As  all  detractions  rage  shall  never  shake  it; 

Thy  actions  crowne  themselves,  and  thy  owne  pen, 

Gives  them  the  best  and  truest  Epiphonem. 

Brian    O    Ro  v  r  k  b. 


820  [Complimentary  Verses.  STaS£ 

To   his   truly   deserving   friend 

Captaine  Iohn  Smith. 

[1629]       j[fifr^)^An  one  please  all  ?  there's  none  from  Censure  free, 
To  looke  forHt  then  it  were  absurd  in  thee ; 
It's  easie  worke  to  censure  sweetest  Layes, 
Where  Ignorance  is  Iudge  thou'd  have  no  praise : 
Wisdome  /  know  will  mildly  judge  of  all, 
Envious  hearts ,  tongues,  pennes,  are  dippt  in  Gall. 
Proud  malignant  times  will  you  now  bring  forth 
Monsters  at  least  to  snarle  at  others  worth ; 
0  doe  not  so,  but  wisely  looke  on  him 
That  wrought  such  Honours  for  his  Countries  King  ; 
Of  Turks  and  Tartars  thou  hast  wonne  the  field. 
The  great  Bashaw  his  Courage  thou  hast  queVd ; 
In  the  Hungarian  warre  thou'st  shewd  thy  Arts, 
Proued  thy  Selfe  a  Souldier  true  in  all  parts : 
Thy  Armes  are  deckt  with  that  thy  Sword  hath  wonne, 
Which  mallice  can't  out- w ear e  till  day  be  done  : 
For  three  proud  Turks  in  single  fight  thou'st  slue, 
Their  Heads  adorne  thy  Armes,  for  witnesse  true; 
Let  Mars  and  Neptune  both  with  Pregnant  wit, 
Extoll  thy  due  deserts,  He  pray  for  it. 

Salo.    Tanner 


THE 

TRVE  TRAVELS, 
ADVENTVRES, 

AND 

OBSERVATIONS 

OF     CAPTAINE     Iohn     Smith, 

in  Europe,  Asia,  Africke,  and  America : 

beginning  about  the  yeere   1593.  anc* 

continued  to  this  present 

1629. 

CHAPTER    I. 

His  birth ;    Apprentiship ;    Going  into  France  ;   His 

beginning  with  ten  shillings  and  three  pence  ;  His 

Service  in  Netherlands  ;  His  bad  passage  into 

Scotland  ;    His  returne  to  Willoughby  ; 

And  how  he  lived  in  the  Woods. 

E  was  borne  [1580]  in  Willoughby  in  [1580-96] 
Lincolne-shire,  and  a  Scholler  in  the  two 
Free-schooles  of  Alford  and  Louth.  His 
father  anciently  descended  from  the 
ancient  Smiths  of  Crtcdley  in  Lancashire; 
his  mother  from  the  Rickands  at  great 
Heck  in  York-shire. 

His  parents  dying  [1596]  when  he  was 
about  thirteene  yeeres  of  age,  left  him  a  competent  meanes, 
which  hee  not  being  capable  to  manage,  little  regarded ; 


822  The  Travel  Is  and  Adventures  of  [AJu'gs?£!j: 

[1596-9]  his  minde  being  even  then  set  upon  brave  adventures,  [he] 
sould  his  Satchell,  bookes,  and  all  he  had,  intending 
secretly  to  [2]  get  to  Sea,  but  that  his  fathers  death  [Apr. 
1596]  stayed  him. 

But  now  the  Guardians  of  his  estate  more  regarding 
it  than  him,  he  had  libertie  enough,  though  no  meanes, 
to  get  beyond  the  Sea. 

About  the  age  of  fifteene  yeeres  [1595]  nee  was  bound 
an  Apprentice  to  Master  Thomas  Sendall  of  Linne,  the 
greatest  Merchant  of  all  those  parts;  but  because  hee 
would  not  presently  send  him  to  Sea,  he  never  saw  his 
master  in  eight  yeeres  after  [1596-1604]. 

At  last,  he  found  meanes  to  attend  Master  Perigrine  Barty 
into  France,  second  sonne  to  the  Right  Honourable  Peri- 
grine, that  generous  Lord  Willoughby  and  famous  Souldier; 
where  comming  to  his  brother  Robert,  then  at  Orleans,  now 
Earle  of  Linsey,  and  Lord  great  Chamberlaine  of  England ; 
being  then  but  little  youths  under  Tutorage :  his  service 
being  needlesse,  within  a  moneth  or  six  weeks  they  sent 
him  backe  againe  to  his  friends.  Who  when  he  came  from 
London,  they  liberally  gave  him  (but  out  of  his  owne  estate) 
ten  shillings  to  be  rid  of  him;  such  oft  is  the  share  of 
fatherlesse  children :  but  those  two  Honourable  Brethren 
gave  him  sufficient  to  returne  for  England. 

But  it  was  the  least  thought  of  his  determination,  for 
now  being  freely  at  libertie  in  Paris,  growing  acquainted 
with  one  Master  David  Hume ;  who  making  some  use  of 
his  purse,  gave  him  Letters  to  his  friends  in  Scotland  to 
preferre  him  to  King  lames.  Arriving  at  Roane,  he  better 
bethinkes  himselfe,  seeing  his  money  neere  spent,  downe 
the  River  he  went  to  Haver  de  grace,  where  he  first  began 
to  learne  the  life  of  a  souldier. 

Peace  being  concluded  in  France  [1596],  he  went  with 
Captaine  Ioseph  Duxbury  into  the  Low-countries,  under 
whose  Colours  having  served  three  or  foure  yeeres  [1596-9], 
he  tooke  his  journey  for  Scotland,  to  deliver  his  Letters. 

At  Ancusan  he  imbarked  himselfe  for  Lethe,  but  as 
much  danger  as  shipwracke  and  sicknesse  could  endure, 
hee  had  at  the  holy  He  in  Northumberland  neere  Bar- 
wicke  :  (being  recovered)  into  Scotland  he  went  to  deliver 
his  Letters. 


AugSSS.']  Captaine  Iohn  Smith,  823 

After  much  kinde  usage  amongst  those  honest  Scots  at      [1600] 
Ripweth  and  Broxmoth,but  neither  money  nor  meanes  to  make 
him  a  Courtier;  he  returned  to  Willoughby  in  Lincoln-shire. 

Where  within  a  short  time  being  glutted  with  too  much 
company,  wherein  he  took  small  delight ;  he  retired 
himselfe  into  a  little  wooddie  pasture,  a  good  way  from 
any  towne,  invironed  with  many  hundred  Acres  of  other 
woods :  Here  by  a  faire  brook  he  built  a  Pavillion  of 
boughes,  where  only  in  his  cloaths  he  lay.  His  studie 
was  Machiavills  Art  of  warre,  and  Marcus  Aurelius;  his 
exercise  a  good  horse,  with  his  lance  and  Ring ;  his  food 
was  thought  to  be  more  of  venison  than  any  thing  else ; 
what  he  wanted,  his  man  brought  him. 

The  countrey  wondering  at  such  an  Hermite;  His 
friends  perswaded  one  Seignior  Theadora  Polaloga,  Rider 
to  Henry  Earle  of  Lincolne,  an  excellent  Horse-man,  and 
a  noble  Italian  Gentleman,  to  insinuate  into  his  wooddish 
acquaintances ;  whose  Languages  and  good  discourse,  and 
exercise  of  riding,  drew  him  to  stay  with  him  at  Tatter  sail. 

Long  these  pleasures  could  not  content  him,  but  hee 
returned  againe  to  the  Low-Countreyes.  [3] 


CHAPTER    II. 

The  notable  villany  offoure  French  Gallants,  and  his 

revenge  ;  Smith  throwne  over-board ;  Captaine 

La  Roche  of  Saint  Malo  releeves  him. 

,Hus  when  France  and  Netherlands  had  taught 
him  to  ride  a  Horse  and  use  his  Armes,  with  such 
rudiments  of  warre  as  his  tender  yeeres  \cet.  16-20] 
in  those  martiall  Schooles  could  attaine  unto ; 
he  was  desirous  to  see  more  of  the  world,  and  trie  his 
fortune  against  the  Turkes  :  both  lamenting  and  repenting 
to  have  seene  so  many  Christians  slaughter  one  another. 

Opportunitie  casting  him  [in  the  Low  Countries]  into  the  a  notable 
company  of  foure  French  Gallants  well  attended,  fainingto  foureny° 
him  the  one  to  be  a  great  Lord,  the  rest  his  Gentlemen,  and  G2£iu$ 
that  they  were  all  devoted  that  way ;  over-perswaded  him  to 


824  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  [AJugs?6^ 

[1600]  goe  with  them  into  France,  to  the  Dutchesse  of  Mercury  [de 
Mercceur],  from  whom  they  should  not  only  have  meanes, 
but  also  Letters  of  favour  to  her  noble  Duke,  then  General! 
[since  Sept.  1598]  for  the  Emperour  Rodolphus  in  Hungary  : 
which  he  did,  with  such  ill  weather  as  winter  affordeth. 

In  the  darke  night,  they  arrived  in  the  broad  shallow 
In-let  of  Saint  Vatleries  sur  Some  in  Picardie ;  his  French 
Lord  knowing  he  had  good  apparell,  and  [was]  better  fur- 
nished with  money  than  themselves,  so  plotted  with  the 
Master  of  the  ship  to  set  his  and  their  owne  trunckes  a 
shore,  leaving  Smith  aboard  till  the  boat  could  returne, 
which  was  the  next  day  after  towards  evening  :  the  reason 
hee  alleaged  was  the  sea  went  so  high  hee  could  come  no 
sooner,  and  that  his  Lord  was  gone  to  Amiens  where  they 
would  stay  his  comming.  Which  treacherous  villany, 
when  divers  other  souldiers  and  passengers  understood, 
they  had  like  to  have  slaine  the  Master;  and  had  they 
knowne  how,  would  have  runne  away  with  the  ship. 
a  carraiue  Comming  on  shore  hee  had  but  one  Carralue,  [and]  was 
« in^raiue  a  force(j  to  sejj  j^s  cloake  to  pay  for  his  passage.  One  of  the 
souldiers,  called  Curzianvere,  compassionating  his  injury, 
assured  him  this  great  Lord  Depreau  was  only  the  sonne 
of  a  Lawyer  of  Mortaigne  in  base  Britany  ;  and  his  Attend- 
ants Cursell,  La  Nelie,  and  Monferrat,  three  young  citizens, 
as  arrant  cheats  as  himselfe :  but  if  he  would  accompany 
him,  he  would  bring  him  to  their  friends;  but  in  the 
interim  [he]  supplied  his  wants. 

Thus  travelling  by  Deepe,  Codebeck,  Humphla,  Pount- 
demer  in  Normandie,  they  came  to  Cane  in  base  Normandie  : 
where  both  this  noble  Curzianvere,  and  the  great  Prior  of 
the  great  Abbey  of  5.  Steven  (where  is  the  ruinous  Tombe 
of  William  the  Conquerour,)  and  many  other  of  his  friends 
kindly  welcomed  him,  and  brought  him  to  Mortaigne ; 
where  hee  found  Depreau  and  the  rest,  but  to  small  purpose. 
For  Master  Curzianvere  was  a  banished  man,  and  durst 
not  be  seene,  but  to  his  friends:  yet  the  bruit  of  their 
cosenage  occasioned  the  Lady  Collumber,  the  Baron 
Larshan,  the  Lord  Shasghe,  and  divers  other  honourable 
persons,  to  supply  his  wants ;  and  with  them  to  recreate 
himselfe  so  long  as  hee  would  :  but  such  pleasant  pleasures 
suited  little  with  his  poore  estate,  and  his  restlesse  spirit, 


AJugS?6£3  Captaine  IohnSmith.  825 

that   could   neuer  finde   content,   to   receiue  such   noble      [1600] 
favours,  as  he  could  neither  deserve  nor  requite.  [4] 

But  wandring  from  Port  to  Port  to  finde  some  man  of 
war,  [he]  spent  that  he  had ;  and  in  a  Forest,  neere  dead 
with  griefe  and  cold,  a  rich  Farmer  found  him  by  a  faire 
Fountaine  under  a  tree.  This  kinde  Pesant  releeved  him 
againe  to  his  content,  to  follow  his  intent. 

Not  long  after,  as  he  passed  thorow  a  great  grove  of  trees,  Here  he 
betweene  Pounterson  and  Dina  in  Britaine,  it  was  his  chance  i>ne°of  £? 
to  meet  Cursell,  more  miserable  than  himselfe.   His  piercing  theeves- 
injuries  had  so  small  patience,  as  without  any  word  they 
both  drew,  and  in  a  short  time  Cursell  fell  to  the  ground ; 
where  from  an  old  ruinated  Tower  the  inhabitants  seeing 
them,  were  satisfied,  when   they  heard  Cursell  confesse 
what  had  formerly  passed ;  and  that  how  in  the  dividing 
that  they  had  stolne  from   him,   they  fell   by  the  ears 
amongst  themselves,  that  were  actors  in  it :  but  for  his 
part,  he  excused  himselfe  to  be  innocent  as  well  of  the 
one,  as  of  the  other. 

In  regard  of  his  hurt,  Smith  was  glad  to  be  so  rid  of  ThenoMe. 
him,  directing  his  course  to  an  honourable  Lord,  the  Earle  ilfieof 
of  Ployer;  who  during  the  warre  in  France  [1590-6],  with  ployer- 
his  two  brethren,  Viscount  Poomory,  and  Baron  d'Mercy, 
who  had  beene  brought  up  in  England :  by  him  he  was 
better  refurnished  than  ever.     When  they  had  shewed  him 
Saint    Malo    Mount,    Saint  Michael,   Lambal,   Simbreack, 
Lanion,  and  their  owne  faire  Castle  of  Tuncadeck,  Gingan, 
and  divers  other  places  in  Britanny  (and   their  Brittish 
Comwaile),  taking  his  leave,  he  tooke  his  way  to  Raynes, 
the   Britaines    chiefe    Citie,   and    so   to   Nantes,  Poyters, 
Rochell,  and  Burdeaux. 

The  rumour  of  the  strength  of  Bayon  in  Biskay,  caused 
him  to  see  it ;  and  from  thence  [he]  tooke  his  way  from 
Leskar  in  Biearne,  and  Paw  in  the  kingdom  of  Navar  to 
Tolouza  in  Gascoigne,  Bezers  and  Carcassone,  Narbone,  Mont- 
pettier,  Nimes  in  Languedock,  and  thorow  the  Country  of 
Avignion,  by  Aries  to  Mar  cellos  in  Province. 

There  imbarking  himselfe  for  Italy,  the  ship  was 
enforced  to  Tolonne ;  and  putting  againe  to  sea,  ill  weather 
so  grew  upon  them,  they  anchored  close  aboard  the  shore, 
under  the  little  Isle  of  5.  Mary,  against  Neice  in  Savoy. 


826 


The  Travells  and  Adventures  of 


[J.  Smith. 
Aug.  1629. 


[1600-1] 

An 

inhumane 
act  of  the 
Provincialls 
in  casting 
him  over- 
board. 


Captaine 
La  Roche 
releeves  him. 


Here  the  inhumane  Provincialls,  with  a  rabble  of 
Pilgrimes  of  divers  Nations  going  to  Rome,  hourely 
cursing  him,  not  only  for  a  Hugonoit,  but  his  Nation  they 
swore  were  all  Pyrats,  and  so  vildly  railed  on  his  dread 
Soveraigne  Queene  Elizabeth,  and  that  they  never  should 
have  faire  weather  so  long  as  hee  was  aboard  them  ;  their 
disputations  grew  to  that  passion,  that  they  threw  him 
over-board :  yet  God  brought  him  to  that  little  Isle,  where 
was  no  inhabitants,  but  a  few  kine  and  goats. 

The  next  morning,  he  espied  two  ships  more  riding  by 
them,  put  in  by  the  storme  ;  that  fetched  him  aboard,  well 
refreshed  him,  and  so  kindly  used  him,  that  he  was  well 
contented  to  trie  the  rest  of  his  fortune  with  them.  After  he 
had  related  unto  them  his  former  discourse,  what  for  pitie, 
and  the  love  of  the  Honourable  Earle  of  Ployer,  this  noble 
Britaine  his  neighbour,  Captaine  la  Roche  of  Saint  Malo, 
regarded  and  entertained  him  for  his  well  respected  friend. 

With  the  next  faire  wind  they  sailed  along  by  the  Coast 
of  Corsica  and  Sardinia ;  and  crossing  the  gulfe  of  Tunis, 
passed  by  Cape  Bona  to  the  Isle  of  Lampadosa,  leaving 
the  coast  of  Barbary  till  they  came  at  Cape  Rosata,  and  so 
along  the  African  shore,  for  Alexandria  in  Mgypt. 

There  delivering  their  fraught,  they  went  to  Scandaroone ; 
rather  to  view  what  ships  was  in  the  Roade,  than  any  thing 
else :  keeping  their  [5]  course  by  Cypres  and  the  coast  of 
Asia,  sayling  by  Rhodes,  the  Archipellagans,  Candia,  and 
the  coast  of  Gretia,  and  the  Isle  of  Zaffalonia. 

They  lay  to  and  againe  a  few  days  betwixt  the  Isle  of 
Corfue  and  the  Cape  of  Otranto  in  the  Kingdome  of  Naples, 
in  the  Entrance  of  the  A  driatike  sea. 


CHAPTER    III. 


A  desperate 
•ea-fight. 


A  desperate  Sea-fight  in  the  Straights ;  His  passage 
to  Rome,  Naples,  and  the  view  of  Italy. 

Etwixt  the  two  Capes  {at  the  entrance  of  the 
Adriatic]  they  meet  with  an  Argosie  of  Venice. 
It  seemed  the  Captaine  desired  to  speake 
with  them,  whose  untoward  answer  was  such, 


A^TeS:]  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  827 

as  slew  them  a  man;  whereupon  the  Britaine  presently  [1600-1] 
gave  them  the  broad-side,  then  his  Sterne,  and  his  other 
broad-side  also,  and  continued  the  chase,  with  his  chase 
peeces,  till  he  gave  them  so  many  broad-sides  one  after 
another,  that  the  Argosies  sayles  and  tackling  was  so 
torne,  she  stood  to  her  defence,  and  made  shot  for  shot. 

Twice  in  one  houre  and  a  halfe  the  Britaine  boarded  her, 
yet  they  cleared  themselves:  but  clapping  her  aboard 
againe,  the  Argosie  fired  him,  which,  with  much  danger 
to  them  both,  was  presently  quenched.  This  rather 
augmented  the  Britaines  rage,  than  abated  his  courage ; 
for  having  reaccommodated  himselfe  againe,  [he]  shot  hei 
so  oft  betweene  wind  and  water,  shee  was  readie  to  sinke  ; 
then  they  yeelded;  the  Britaine  lost  fifteene  men,  she 
twentie,  besides  divers  were  hurt.  The  rest  went  to  worke 
on  all  hands ;  some  to  stop  the  leakes,  others  to  guard  the 
prisoners  that  were  chained,  the  rest  to  rifle  her.  The 
Silkes,  Velvets,  Cloth  of  gold  and  Tissue,  Pyasters 
Chicqueenes  and  Sultanies,  which  is  gold  and  silver,  they 
unloaded  in  foure  and  twentie  houres,  was  wonderfull : 
whereof  having  sufficient,  and  tired  with  toile,  they  cast 
her  off  with  her  company,  with  as  much  good  merchandize 
as  would  haue  fraughted  such  another  Britaine,  that  was 
but  two  hundred  Tunnes,  she  foure  or  five  hundred. 

To  repaire  his  defects,  hee  stood  for  the  coast  of  Calabria, 
but  hearing  there  was  six  or  seven  Galleyes  at  Mesina,  hee 
departed  thence  for  Malta :  but  the  wind  comming  faire,  he 
kept  his  course  along  the  coast  of  the  Kingdome  of  Sicilia 
by  Sardinia  and  Corsica,  till  he  came  to  the  Road  of  A  ntibo 
[Antibes]  in  Peamon  [Piedmont],  where  he  set  Smith  on 
shore  with  fiue  hundred  chicqueenes  [—about  £225],  and 
a  little  box  God  sent  him  worth  neere  as  much  more. 

Here  he  left  this  noble  Britaine,  and  embarked  himselfe 
for  Lygorne,  being  glad  to  have  such  opportunitie  and 
meanes  to  better  his  experience  by  the  view  of  Italy  ;  and 
having  passed  Tuskany,  and  the  Countrey  of  Sieana  (where 
hee  found  his  deare  friends,  the  two  Honourable  Brethren, 
the  Lord  Willoughby  and  his  Brother  cruelly  wounded,  in  a 
desperate  fray,  yet  to  their  exceeding  great  honour),  then 
to  Viterbo  and  many  other  Cities,  he  came  to  Rome  :  where 
it  was  his  chance  to  see  Pope  Clement  the  eight,  with  many 


828 
[1601] 

The  Popes 

holy  Staires 

brought 

from 

Jerusalem, 

whereon 

(they  say) 

Christ  went 

up  to 

Pontius 

Pilate. 


The  Travells  and  Adventures  of 


f  J.  Smith. 


Cardinalls,  creepe  up  the  holy  Stayres,  which  they  say  are 
those  our  Saviour  Christ  went  up  to  Pontius  Pilate,  where 
bloud  falling  from  his  head,  being  pricked  with  his  crowne 
of  thornes,  the  drops  [6]  are  marked  with  nailes  of  Steele. 
Upon  them  none  dare  goe  but  in  that  manner,  saying  so 
many  Ave-Maries  and  Paternosters,  as  is  their  devotion,  and 
to  kisse  the  nailes  of  Steele.  But  on  each  side  is  a  paire  of 
such  like  staires,  up  which  you  may  goe,  stand,  or  kneele ; 
but  divided  from  the  holy  Staires  by  two  walls :  right 
against  them  is  a  Chappell,  where  hangs  a  great  silver 
Lampe,  which  burneth  continually,  yet  they  say  the  oyle 
neither  increaseth  nor  diminisheth. 

A  little  distant  is  the  ancient  Church  of  Saint  John  de 
Laterane,  where  he  saw  him  [Pope  Clement  VIII.]  say  Masse, 
which  commonly  he  doth  upon  some  Friday  once  a  moneth. 

Having  saluted  Father  Parsons,  that  famous  English 
Iesuite,  and  satisfied  himselfe  with  the  rarities  of  Rome,  he 
went  downe  the  River  of  Tiber  to  Civita  Vechia ;  where  he 
embarked  himselfe  to  satisfie  his  eye  with  the  faire  Citie 
of  Naples,  and  her  Kingdomes  nobilitie. 

Returning  by  Capua,  Rome  and  Seana,  he  passed  by  that 
admired  Citie  of  Florence,  the  Cities  and  Countries  of  Bolonia, 
Ferrara,  Mantua,  Padua,  and  Venice,  whose  Gulfe  he  passed 
from  Malamoco  and  the  Adriatike  Sea  for  Ragouza,  spending 
some  time  to  see  that  barren  broken  coast  of  Albania  and 
Dalmatia,  to  Capo  de  I  stria,  travelling  the  maine  [i.e.,  main- 
land] of  poore  Slavonia  by  Lubbiano,  till  he  came  to  Grates 
in  Steria,  the  Seat  of  Ferdinando  Arch-duke  of  Austria,  now 
[1629]  Emperour  of  A  Imania  [from  1619  to  1637]  :  where  he 
met  an  English  man,  and  an  Irish  Iesuite;  who  acquainted 
him  [made  him  acquainted]  with  many  brave  Gentlemen  of 
good  qualitie,  especially  with  the  Lord  Ebersbaught. 

With  whom  trying  such  conclusions,  as  he  projected 
to  undertake  ;  [he]  preferred  him  to  Baron  Kisell,  Generall 
of  the  Artillery;  and  he  to  a  worthy  Collonell,  [Henry 
Volda]  the  Earle  of  A/ eldritch :  with  whom  going  to  Vienne  in 
Austria,  under  whose  Regiment,  in  what  service,  and  how 
he  spent  his  time,  this  ensuing  Discourse  will  declare. 


ing^i:]  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  829 


CHAPTER    IV. 

The  Siege  of  Olumpagh ;  An  excellent  Stratagem 
by  Smith  ;  Another  not  much  worse. 

Fter  the  losse  of  Caniza,  the  Turkes  with  twentie  [1601] 
thousand  besieged  the  strong  Towne  of  Olum-  3J*jJ£JfAof 
pagh  so  straightly,  as  they  were  cut  off  from  all 
intelligence  and  hope  of  succour;  till  Iohn 
Smith,  this  English  Gentleman,  acquainted  Baron  Kisell, 
Generall  of  the  Archdukes  Artillery,  he  had  taught  the 
Governour,  his  worthy  friend,  such  a  Rule,  that  he  would 
undertake  to  make  him  know  any  thing  he  intended,  and 
have  his  answer,  would  they  bring  him  but  to  some  place 
where  he  might  make  the  flame  of  a  Torch  seene  to  the 
Towne. 

Kisell  inflamed  with  this  strange  invention ;  Smith  made 
it  so  plaine,  that  forthwith  hee  gave  him  guides,  who 
in  the  darke  night  brought  him  to  a  mountaine,  where  he 
shewed  three  Torches  equidistant  from  other,  which 
plainly  appearing  to  the  Towne ;  the  Governour  presently 
apprehended,  and  answered  againe  with  three  other  fires 
in  like  manner ;  each  knowing  the  others  being  and  intent ; 
Smith,  though  distant  seven  miles,  signified  to  him  these 
words  :  On  Thursday  at  night  I  will  charge  on  the  East, 
at  the  [7]  Alarum,  salley  you. 

Ebersbaught  answered  he  would  :  and  thus  it  was  done. 
First  he  writ  his  message  as  briefe,  you  see,  as  could 
be,  then  divided  the  Alphabet  in  two  parts  thus ; 

A.  b.  c.  d.  e.  /.  g.  h.    i.  k.    I. 
I.  1.  1.  1.  1.   1.  1.    1.   1.  1.   1. 


m. 

n. 

0. 

P- 

?• 

r. 

s. 

t. 

V. 

W. 

X. 

2. 

2. 

2. 

2. 

2. 

2. 

2. 

2. 

2. 

2. 

2 

y- 

z. 

2. 

2. 

The  first  part  from  A.toL.  is  signified  by  shewing  and  sJS^m"1 
hiding  one  linke,  so  oft  as  there  is  letters  from  A .  to  that 
letter  you  meane ;  the  other  part  from  M.  to  Z.  is  men- 


830  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  [a^??<^ 

[1601]  tioned  by  two  lights  in  like  manner.  The  end  of  a  word 
is  signified  by  shewing  of  three  lights  :  ever  staying  your 
light  at  that  letter  you  meane,  till  the  other  may  write  it 
in  a  paper,  and  answer  by  his  signall,  which  is  one  light, 
it  is  done ;  beginning  to  count  the  letters  by  the  lights, 
every  time  from  A .  to  M :  by  this  meanes  also  the  other  re- 
turned his  answer,  whereby  each  did  understand  other. 
The  Guides  all  this  time  having  well  viewed  the  Campe, 
returned  to  Kisell,  who,  doubting  of  his  power  being  but 
ten  thousand,  was  animated  by  the  Guides,  how  the  Turkes 
were  so  divided  by  the  River  in  two  parts,  they  could  not 
Another  easily  second  each  other.  To  which  Smith  added  this  con- 
straugem.  ciusion .  that  two  or  three  thousand  pieces  of  match 
fastened  to  divers  small  lines  of  an  hundred  fathome  in 
length  being  armed  with  powder,  might  all  be  fired  and 
stretched  at  an  instant  before  the  Alarum,  upon  the  Plaine 
of  Hysnaburg,  supported  by  two  staves,  at  each  lines  end, 
in  that  manner  would  seeme  like  so  many  Musketteers; 
which  was  put  in  practice  :  and  being  discovered  by  the 
Turkes,  they  prepared  to  encounter  these  false  fires,  thinking 
there  had  beene  some  great  Armie  :  whilest  Kisell  with  his 
ten  thousand  being  entred  the  Turks  quarter,  who  ranne 
up  and  downe  as  men  amazed. 

It  was  not  long  ere  Ebersbaught  was  pell-mell  with  them 
in  their  Trenches;  in  which  distracted  confusion,  athird  part 
of  the  Turkes,  that  besieged  that  side  towards  Knousbruck, 
were  slaine  ;  many  of  the  rest  drowned  :  but  all  fled.  The 
other  part  of  the  Armie  was  so  busied  to  resist  the  false 
fires,  that  Kisell  before  the  morning  put  two  thousand  good 
souldiers  in  the  Towne,  and  with  small  losse  was  retired. 
The  Garrison  was  well  releeved  with  that  they  found  in  the 
Turkes  quarter,  which  caused  the  Turkes  to  raise  their  siege 
and  returne  to  Caniza  :  and  Kisell  with  much  honour  was 
received  at  Kerment ;  and  occasioned  the  Author  a  good 
reward  and  preferment,  to  be  Captaine  of  two  hundred  and 
fiftie  Horse-men,  under  the  Conduct  of  Colonell  Voldo, 
Earle  of  Meldritch.  [8] 


AJagS?6£:]  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  831 


CHAPTER    V. 

The   siege   of  Stowlle-wesenburg ;    The    effects  of 
Smiths  Fireworkes ;  A   worthy  exploit  of 
Earle  Rosworme  ;  Earle  M eldritch 
takes  the  Bashaw  prisoner. 

Generall  rumour  of  a  generall  peace,  now  [1601] 
spred  it  selfe  over  all  the  face  of  those  tor- 
mented Countries  :  but  the  Turke  intended  no 
such  matter,  but  levied  souldiers  from  all 
parts  he  could.  The  Emperour  also,  by  the  assistance  of 
the  Christian  Princes,  provided  three  Armies  :  the  one  led 
by  the  Arch-duke  Mathias,  the  Emperours  brother,  and 
his  Lieutenant  Duke  Mercury  [i.e.,  Philippe  Emmanuel  de 
Lorraine,  Duke  de  Mercceur]  to  defend  Low  Hungary ; 
the  second,  by  Ferdinando  the  Arch-duke  of  Steria,  and 
the  Duke  of  Mantua  his  Lieutenant  to  regaine  Caniza; 
the  third  by  Gonzago,  Governour  of  High  Hungary,  to 
joyne  with  Georgia  Busca,  to  make  an  absolute  conquest 
of  Transilvania. 

Duke  Mercury  with   an    Armie    of   thirtie    thousand,  ^/L*"*"0' 
whereof  neere  ten  thousand  were  French,  besieged  Stowlle-  Rtgaiu. 
wesenburg,  otherwise  called  A  Iba  Regalis ;  a  place  so  strong 
by  Art  and  Nature,  that  it  was  thought  impregnable. 

At  his  first  comming,  the  Turkes  sallied  upon  the 
Germane  quarter,  slew  neere  five  hundred,  and  returned 
before  they  were  thought  on. 

The  next  night,  in  like  manner  they  did  neere  as  much 
to  the  Bemers,  and  Hungarians ;  of  which  fortune  still 
presuming,  thinking  to  have  found  the  French  quarter  as 
carelesse,  eight  or  nine  hundred  of  them  were  cut  in 
pieces  and  taken  prisoners.  In  this  encounter  Monsieur 
Grandvile,  a  brave  French  Colonell,  received  seven  or  eight 
cruell  wounds,  yet  followed  the  enemie  to  the  Ports ;  he 
came  off  alive,  but  within  three  or  foure  dayes  died. 

Earle  Meldritch,  by  the  information  of  three  or  foure 
Christians  (escaped  out  of  the  Towne),  [of]  upon  every 
Alarum,  where  there  was  greatest  assemblies  and  throng  of 


832  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  [j^ffi 

[1601j  people,  caused  Captaine  Smith  to  put  in  practice  his  fiery 
The  effect  Dragons,  [which]  hee  had  demonstrated  unto  him,  and  the 
wofkfcd    *"  Earle  Von  Sulch  at  Comoro, :  which  hee  thus  performed. 

Having  prepared fortie  or  fiftie  round-bellied  earthen  pots, 
and  filled  them  with  hand  Gunpowder,  then  covered  them 
with  Pitch,  mingled  with  Brimstone  and  Turpentine  ;  and 
quartering  as  many  Musket-bullets,  that  hung  together 
but  only  at  the  Center  of  the  division,  stucke  them  round 
in  the  mixture  about  the  pots,  and  covered  them  againe 
with  the  same  mixture;  over  that  a  strong  Searcloth, 
then  over  all  a  good  thicknesse  of  Towze-match  well 
tempered  with  oyle  of  Lin-seed,  Campheer,  and  powder  of 
Brimstone :  these  he  fitly  placed  in  Slings,  graduated  so 
neere  as  they  could,  to  the  places  of  these  Assemblies. 

At  midnight  upon  the  Alarum,  it  was  a  fearfull  sight  to 
see  the  short  flaming  course  of  their  flight  in  the  aire  1  but 
presently  after  their  fall,  the  lamentable  noise  of  the 
miserable  slaughtered  Turkes  was  most  wonderfull  to 
heare.  Besides,  they  had  fired  that  Suburbe  at  the  Port 
of  Buda,  in  two  or  three  places ;  which  so  troubled  the 
Turkes  to  quench,  that  had  there  beene  any  meanes  to 
have  assaulted  [9]  them,  they  could  hardly  have  resisted 
the  fire,  and  their  enemies. 
«JiS?S  The  Earle  Rosworme,  contrary  to  the  opinion  of  all  men, 
Earie  ^  would  needs  undertake  to  finde  meanes  to  surprize  the 
Segeth  and  Suburbe  of  the  Citie,  strongly  defended  by  a 
muddie  Lake,  which  was  thought  unpassable. 

The  Duke  [de  Mercosur]  having  planted  his  Ordnance, 
battered  the  other  side,  whilest  Rosworme,  in  the  darke 
night,  with  every  man  a  bundle  of  sedge  and  bavins  still 
throwne  before  them,  so  laded  upthe  Lake,  as  they  surprized 
that  unregarded  Suburbe  before  they  were  discovered:  upon 
which  unexpected  Alarum,  the  Turkes  fled  into  the  Citie ; 
and  the  other  Suburbe  not  knowing  the  matter,  got  into 
the  Citie  also,  leaving  their  Suburbe  for  the  Duke,  who 
with  no  great  resistance,  tooke  it,  with  many  peeces  of 
Ordnance. 

The  Citie,  being  of  no  such  strength  as  the  Suburbs,  with 
their  owne  Ordnance  was  so  battered,  that  it  was  taken 
perforce,  with  such  a  mercilesse  execution,  as  was  most 
pitifull  to  behold. 


Roswort>it. 


T.  Smith."] 
Aug.  1629.J 


Captaine  Iohn  Smith 


833 


The  Bashaw  notwithstanding  drew  together  a  partie  of 
five  hundred  before  his  owne  Pallace,  where  he  intended 
to  die  ;  but  seeing  most  of  his  men  slaine  before  him,  by 
the  valiant  Captaine  Earl  M eldritch,  who  tooke  him  prisoner 
with  his  owne  hands ;  and  with  the  hazard  of  himselfe 
saved  him  from  the  fury  of  other  troopes,  that  did  pull 
downe  his  Pallace,  and  would  have  rent  him  in  peeces, 
had  he  not  beene  thus  preserved. 

The  Duke  thought  his  victory  much  honoured  with  such 
a  Prisoner;  tooke  order  hee  should  bee  used  like  a  Prince  : 
and  with  all  expedition  gave  charge  presently  to  repaire 
the  breaches,  and  the  ruines  of  this  famous  Citie,  that  had 
beene  in  the  possession  of  the  Turkes  neere  threescore  yeares. 


[1601 

Earlr. 
Meldritch 
takes  the 
Bashaw 
prisoner. 


CHAPTER    VI. 

A  brave  encounter  of  the  Turkes  Armie  with  the 

Christians ;  Duke  Mercury  overthroweth  Assan 

Bashaw  ;  Hee  divides  the  Christian  Armie ; 

His  noblenesse  and  death. 


Ahomet,  the  great  Turke,  during  the  siege,  had 
raised  an  Armie  of  sixtie  thousand  men  to  have 
releeved  it;  but  hearing  it  was  lost,  he  sent 
Assan  Bashaw  Generall  of  his  Armie,  the  Bashaw 
of  Buda  Bashaw  Atnaroz,  to  see  if  it  were  possible  to 
regaine  it ;  The  Duke  understanding  there  could  be  no 
great  experience  in  such  a  new  levied  Armie  as  Assan 
had ;  having  put  a  strong  Garrison  into  it :  and  with  the 
brave  Colonell  Rosworme,  Culnits,  Meldritch,  the  Rhine- 
Grave,  Vahan  and  many  others ;  [and]  with  twenty  thou- 
sand good  souldiers,  set  forward  to  meet  the  Turke  in  the 
Plaines  of  Girke. 

Those  two  Armies  encountred  as  they  marched,  where  a  brave 

began  a  hot  and  bloudy  Skirmish  betwixt  them,  Regiment  ^SrVSfs 

against   Regiment,  as  they  came  in  order,  till  the  night  Armiewith 


parted   them.     Here  Earle 


Meldritch 
53 


was    so   invironed  christians. 


834  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  [a!^?Ss$- 

[1601]  amongst  those  halfe  circuler  Regiments  of  Turkes,  they 
supposed  him  their  Prisoner,  and  his  Regiment  lost ;  but 
his  two  most  couragious  friends,  Vahan  and  Culnits,  [10] 
made  such  a  passage  amongst  them,  that  it  was  a  terror 
to  see  how  horse  and  man  lay  sprawling  and  tumbling, 
some  one  way,  some  another  on  the  ground.  The  Earle 
there  at  that  time  made  his  valour  shine  more  bright  than 
his  armour,  which  seemed  then  painted  with  Turkish  bloud. 
He  slew  the  brave  Zanzack  Bugola,  and  made  his  passage 
to  his  friends  ;  but  neere  halfe  his  Regiment  was  slaine. 

Captain  Smith  [who  was  a  Captain  in  this  Cavalry  Regiment] 
had  his  horse  slaine  under  him,  and  himselfe  [was]  sore 
wounded ;  but  he  was  not  long  unmounted,  for  there  was 
choice  enough  of  horses  that  wanted  masters. 

The  Turke  thinking  the  victory  sure  against  the  Duke, 

whose  Armie,  by  the  Siege,  and  the  Garrison  he  had  left 

behind  him,  was  much  weakened,  would  not  be  content 

with  one,  but  he  would  have  all ;  and  lest  the  Duke  should 

returne  to  Alba  Regalis,  he  sent  that  night  twenty  thousand 

to  besiege  the  Citie,  assuring  them  he  would  keepe  the 

Duke  or  any  other  from  releeving  them. 

Duke  Two  or  three  dayes  they  lay  each  by  other,  entrenching 

Mercury      themselves;  the  Turkes  daring  the  Duke  daily  to  a  settbattell, 

^ssan^      w^°  at  lengtn  drew  out  his  Army,  led  by  the  Rhine-Grave, 

Btuta.         Culnits  and  M eldritch:  who  upon  their  first  encounter,  charged 

with  that  resolute  and  valiant  courage,  as  disordered  not 

only  the  formost  squadrons  of  the  Turkes,  but  enforced  all 

the  whole  Armie  to  retire  to  the  Campe,  with  the  losse  of 

five  or  six  thousand,  with  the  Bashaw  of  Buda,  and  foure 

or  five  Zanzacks,  with  divers   other  great   Commanders, 

two  hundred  Prisoners,  and  nine  peeces  of  Ordnance. 

At  that  instant  appeared,  as  it  were,  another  Armie  com- 
ming  out  of  a  valley  over  a  plaine  hill,  that  caused  the  Duke 
at  that  time  to  be  contented,  and  to  retire  to  his  Trenches ; 
which  gave  time  to  Assan  to  reorder  his  disordered 
squadrons. 

Here  they  lay  nine  or  ten  dayes,  and  more  supplies 
Tepaircd  to  them,  expecting  to  try  the  event  in  a  sett 
battell ;  but  the  souldiers  on  both  parties,  by  reason  of 


Aug^S'.]  Captaine  Iohn  Smith,  S3 5 

their  great  wants  and  [the]  approach  of  winter,  grew  so  [1601-2J 
discontented,  that  they  were  ready  of  themselves  to  breake 
up  the  Leager:   the  Bashaw  retiring  himselfe  to  Buda, 
had  some  of  the  Reare  Troopes  cut  off. 

Amaroz  Bashaw  hearing  of  this,  found  such  bad  welcome 
at  A  Iba  Regalis,  and  the  Towne  so  strongly  repaired,  with 
so  brave  a  Garrison,  [that  he]  raised  his  siege  and  retired 
to  Zigetum. 

The  Duke  [de  Mercczur]  understanding  that  the  Arch-duke 
Ferdinando  had  so  resolutely  besieged  Caniza,  as  what  by  the 
losse  of  A  Iba  Regalis,  and  the  Turks  retreat  to  Buda,  being 
void  of  hope  of  any  reliefe,  [he]  doubted  not  but  it  would 
become  againe  the  Christians.    To  the  furtherance  whereof,  Jj^ 
the  Duke  divided  his  Armie  into  three  parts.    The  Earle  of  dmdttk  to 
Rosworme  went  with  seven  thousand  to  Caniza;  the  Earle  of  Arm,e* 
Meldritch  with  six  thousand  he  sent  to  assist  Georgio  Busca 
against  the  Transilvanians ;  the  rest  went  with  himselfe  to 
the   Garrisons  of  Strigonium  and  Komara  :   having  thus 
worthily  behaved  himselfe,  he  arrived  at  Vienne,  where 
the  Arch-dukes  and  the  Nobilitie  with  as  much  honour 
received  him,  as  if  he  had  conquered  all  Hungaria;  his 
very  Picture  they  esteemed  would  make  them  fortunate, 
which  thousands  kept  as  curiously  as  a  precious  relique. 

To  requite  this  honour,  preparing  himselfe  to  returne  into  Duke 
France,  to  raise  new  Forces  against  the  next  yeare,  with  %£vury 
the  two  Arch-dukes  Mathias  and  Maximilian  and  divers  jj'jj^f 
others  of  the  Nobilitie,  [he]  was  with  great  magnificence  [11]  suddenly6 
conducted  to  Nurenburg,  there  by  them  royally  feasted : 
(how  it  chanced  is  not  knowne;)  but  the  next  morning 
[19  Feb.  1602]  he  was  found  dead,  and  his  brother  in  law 
died   two   dayes   after;    whose   hearts,   after    this   great 
triumph,  with  much  sorrow  were  carried  into  France, 


836  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  D&mSJ 


CHAPTER    VII. 

The    unhappie  Siege  of  Caniza;    Earle   Meldritcn 

serveth   Prince   Sigismundus ;    Prince   Moyses 

besiegeth  Regall ;  Smiths  three  single  combats ; 

His  Patent  from  Sigismundus, 

and  reward. 

[1601-2]  fg\  -He  worthy   Lord    Rosworme   had   not   a  worse 

journey  to  the  miserable  Seige  of  Caniza,  (where 
by  the  extremitie  of  an  extraordinary  continuing 
tempest  of  haile,  wind,  frost  and  snow,  in  so 
much  that  the  Christians  were  forced  to  leave  their  Tents 
and  Artillery,  and  what  they  had;  it  being  so  cold  that 
three  or  foure  hundred  of  them  were  frozen  to  death  in  a 
night,  and  two  or  three  thousand  lost  in  that  miserable 
flight  in  the  snowie  tempest,  though  they  did  know  no 
enemie  at  all  to  follow  them :)  than  the  noble  Earle  of 
Meldritch  had  to  Transilvania  :  where  hearing  of  the  death 
of  Michael  [Vayvode  of  Wallachia,  see  p.  847]  and  the  brave 
Duke  Mercury,  and  knowing  the  policie  of  Busca,  and  the 
Prince  his  Roialtie,  being  now  beyond  all  beleefe  of  men,  in 
possession  of  the  best  part  of  Transilvania ;  perswaded  his 
troopes,  in  so  honest  a  cause,  to  assist  the  Prince  [Sigismun- 
dus] against  the  Turke,  rather  than  Busca  against  the  Prince. 
The  souldiers  being  worne  out  with  those  hard  payes 
Hmth  and  travells,  upon  hope  to  have  free  libertie  to  make  bootie 
muZt™**"'  uP°n  what  they  could  get  possession  of  from  the  Turkes, 
was  easily  perswaded  to  follow  him  whithersoever.  Now 
this  noble  Earle  [Meldritch]  was  a  Transilvanian  borne,  and 
his  fathers  Countrey  [was]  yet  inhabited  by  the  Turkes  ;  for 
Transilvania  was  yet  in  three  divisions,  though  the  Prince 
had  the  hearts  both  of  Country  and  people  ;  yet  the  Fron- 
tiers had  a  Garrison  amongst  the  unpassable  mountaines, 
some  for  the  Emperour,  some  for  the  Prince,  and  some  for 
the  Turke :  to  regaine  which  small  estate,  hee  desired  leave 
of  the  Prince  [Sigismundus  Bdtori]  to  trie  his  fortunes,  and 
to  make  use  of  that  experience,  the  time  of  twentie  yeares 


Earle 
Meldritch 


J.  Smith."] 
\ug.  1629.  J 


Captaine  Iohn  Smith 


837 


[1582-1602]  had  taught  him  in   the   Emperours  service,      [1602] 
promising  to  spend  the  rest  of  his  dayes  for  his  countries 
defence  in  his  Excellencies  service. 

The  Prince  glad  of  so  brave  a  Commander,  and  so  many 
expert  and  ancient  souldiers,  made  him  Campe-master  of 
his  Armie,  gave  him  all  necessary  releefe  for  his  troopes, 
and  what  freedome  they  desired  to  plunder  the  Turkes. 

The  Earle  having  made  many  incursions  into  the  Land  Jgjj„v  A 
of  Zarkam   among  those  rockie  mountains,  where   were  maketh 
some  Turks,  some  Tartars,  but  most  Bandittoes,  Rennega-  ^discover 
does,  and  such  like  ;  which  sometimes  hee  forced  into  the  Resal1- 
Plaines  of  Regall :  where  is  a  Citie  not  only  of  men  and 
fortifications,  strong  of  it  selfe  ;  but   so   environed  with 
mountaines,  that  made  the  passages  so  difficult,  that  in 
all  these  warres  no  attempt  had  beene  made  upon  it  to 
any  purpose. 

Having  satisfied  himselfe  with  the  Situation,  [12]  and 
the  most  convenient  passages  to  bring  his  Armie  unto  it : 
The  earth  no  sooner  put  on  her  greene  habit,  than  the 
Earle  overspread  her  with  his  armed  troopes.  To  pos- 
sesse  himselfe  first  of  the  most  convenient  passage,  which 
was  a  narrow  valley  betwixt  two  high  mountaines ;  he 
sent  Colonell  Veltus  with  his  Regiment,  dispersed  in  com- 
panies to  lye  in  Ambuscado,  as  he  had  directed  them  ;  and 
in  the  morning  to  driue  all  the  cattell  they  could  finde 
before  a  Fort  in  that  passage,  whom  he  supposed  would 
sally,  seeing  but  some  small  partie,  to  recover  their  prey : 
which  tooke  such  good  successe,  that  the  Garrison  was 
cut  off  by  the  Ambuscado,  and  Veltus  seized  on  the  Skonces, 
which  was  abandoned. 

M eldritch  glad  of  so  fortunate  a  beginning,  it  was  six 
dayes  ere  he  could  with  six  thousand  Pioners  make  a 
passage  for  his  Ordnance.  The  Turkes  having  such  warning, 
strengthned  the  Towne  so  with  men  and  provision,  that 
they  made  a  scorneof  so  small  a  number  as  M eldritch  brought 
with  him  before  the  Citie,  which  was  but  eight  thousand. 

Before  they  had  pitched  their  Tents,  the  Turkes  sallied  in 
such  abundance,  as  for  an  houre  they  had  rather  a  bloudy 
battell  than  a  skirmish;  but  with  the  losse  of  neere  fifteene 
hundred  on  both  sides.  The  Turkes  were  chased  till  the 
Cities  Ordnance  caused  the  Earle  to  retire. 


838  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  {jk^H&Z. 

[1602]  The  next   day   Zachel  Moyses,  Generall  of  the  Armie, 

besuTeth  pitched  also  his  tents  with  nine  thousand  foot  and  horse, 
Retail.  and  six  and  twenty  peeces  of  Ordnance ;  but  in  regard 
of  the  situation  of  this  strong  Fortresse,  they  did  neither 
feare  them  nor  hurt  them  :  being  upon  the  point  of  a  faire 
promontory,  environed  on  the  one  side  within  halfe  a 
mile  with  an  un-usefull  mountaine;  and  on  the  other  side 
with  a  faire  Plaine,  where  the  Christians  encamped,  but 
so  commanded  by  their  Ordnance,  [that]  they  spent  neere  a 
month  in  entrenching  themselves,  and  raising  their  mounts 
to  plant  their  batteries. 

Which  slow  proceedings  the  Turkes  oft  derided,  that  the 
Ordnance  were  at  pawne,  and  how  they  grew  fat  for  want 
of  exercise ;  and  fearing  lest  they  should  depart  ere  they 
could  assault  their  Citie,  sent  this  Challenge  to  any 
Captaine  in  the  Armie. 

That  to  delight  the  Ladies,  who  did  long  to  see  some 
court-like  pastime,  the  Lord  Turbashaw  did  dene  any 
Captaine,  that  had  the  command  of  a  Company,  who 
durst  combate  with  him  for  his  head. 

The  matter  being  discussed,  it  was  accepted;  but  so  many 
questions  grew  for  the  undertaking,  it  was  decided  by  lots  : 
which  fell  upon  Captaine  Smith,  before  spoken  of. 
Thrw single  Truce  being  made  for  that  time,  the  Rampiers  all  beset 
with  faire  Dames,  and  men  in  Armes,  the  Christians  in 
Battalio ;  Turbashaw  with  a  noise  of  Howboyes  entred  the 
fields  well  mounted  and  armed;  on  his  shoulders  were 
fixed  a  paire  of  great  wings,  compacted  of  Eagles  feathers 
within  a  ridge  of  silver,  richly  garnished  with  gold  and 
precious  stones ;  a  Janizary  before  him,  bearing  his  Lance  ; 
on  each  side,  another  leading  his  horse :  where  long  hee 
stayed  not,  ere  Smith  with  a  noise  of  Trumpets,  only  a 
Page  bearing  his  Lance,  passing  by  him  with  a  courteous 
salute,  tooke  his  ground  with  such  good  successe,  that  at 
the  sound  of  the  charge,  he  passed  the  Tnrke  throw  the 
sight  of  his  Beaver,  face,  head,  and  all,  that  he  fell  dead  to 
the  ground;  where  alighting  and  unbracing  [13]  his  Helmet, 
[he]  cut  off  his  head,  and  the  Turkes  tooke  his  body;  and  so 
returned  without  any  hurt  at  all. 

The  head  hee  presented  to  the  Lord  Moses,  the  Generall, 


Combates. 


AJugsT6*:]  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  839 

who  kindly  accepted  it ;  and  with  joy  to  the  whole  armie      [1602] 
he  was  generally  welcomed. 

The  death  of  this  Captaine  so  swelled  in  the  heart  of  2. 
one  Grualgo,  his  vowed  friend,  as,  rather  inraged  with  mad- 
nesse  than  choller,  he  directed  a  particular  challenge  to 
the  Conquerour,  to  regaine  his  friends  head,  or  lose  his 
owne,  with  his  horse  and  Armour  for  advantage :  which 
according  to  his  desire,  was  the  next  day  undertaken. 

As  before,  upon  the  sound  of  the  Trumpets,  their  Lances 
flew  in  peeces  upon  a  cleare  passage ;  but  the  Turke  was 
neere  unhorsed.  Their  Pistolls  was  the  next,  which  marked 
Smith  upon  the  placard  ;  but  the  next  shot  the  Turke  was 
so  wounded  in  the  left  arme,  that  being  not  able  to  rule 
his  horse,  and  defend  himselfe,  he  was  throwne  to  the 
ground  ;  and  so  bruised  with  the  fall,  that  he  lost  his  head, 
as  his  friend  before  him ;  with  his  horse  and  Armour :  but 
his  body  and  his  rich  apparell  was  sent  backe  to  the  Towne. 

Every  day  the  Turkes  made  some  sallies,  but  few  skir- 
mishes would  they  endure  to  an)7  purpose.     Our  workes 
and  approaches  being  not  yet  advanced  to  that  height  and 
effect  which  was  of  necessitie  to  be  performed ;  to  delude 
time,  Smith,  with   so   many  incontradictible  perswading 
reasons,  obtained  leave  that  the  Ladies  might  know  he 
was  not  so  much  enamoured  of  their  servants  heads, 
but  if  any  Turke  of  their  ranke  would  come  to  the 
place  of  combate  to  redeeme  them,  [he]  should  have  his 
also  upon  the  like  conditions,  if  he  could  winne  it. 

The  challenge  presently  was  accepted  by  Bonny  Mulgro.  3. 

The  next  day  both  the  Champions  entring  the  field  as 
before,  each  discharging  their  Pistoll  (having  no  Lances, 
but  such  martiall  weapons  as  the  defendant  appointed),  no 
hurt  was  done ;  their  Battle-axes  was  the  next,  whose 
piercing  bils  made  sometime  the  one,  sometime  the  other 
to  have  scarce  sense  to  keepe  their  saddles  :  specially  the 
Christian  received  such  a  blow  that  he  lost  his  Battle- 
axe,  and  failed  not  much  to  have  fallen  after  it ;  whereat 
the  supposing  conquering  Turk,  had  a  great  shout  from 
the  Rampiers.  The  Turk  prosecuted  his  advantage  to 
the  uttermost  of  his  power ;  yet  the  other,  what  by  the 
readinesse  of  his  horse,  and  his  judgement  and  dexterity 
in  such   a  businesse,  beyond    all    mens    expectation,  by 


840  The  Travel  Is  and  Adventures  of  [a£*3!*. 

[1602]  Gods  assistance,  not  onely  avoided  the  Turkes  violence, 
but  having  drawne  his  Faulchion,  pierced  the  Turke  so 
under  the  Culets  thorow  backe  and  body,  that  although 
he  alighted  from  his  horse,  he  stood  not  long  ere  hee  lost 
his  head,  as  the  rest  had  done.  [14] 


CHAPTER    VIII. 

Georgio  Busca  an  Albane  his  ingratitude  to  Prince 

Sigismundus  ;  Prince  Moyses,  his  Lietitenant,  is 

overthrowneby  Busca,  Generallforthe Emperour 

Rodolphus;  Sigismundus  yeeldeth  his  Coun- 

trey  to  Rodolphus  ;  Busca  assisteth 

Prince  Rodoll  in  Wallachia. 

§^2  rj|jj\  His  good  successe  gave  such  great  encourage- 
*  ment  to  the  whole  Armie,  that  with  a  guard  of 
six  thousand,  three  spare  horses,  before  each  a 
Turkes  head  upon  a  Lance,  he  was  conducted 
to  the  General  Is  Pavillion  with  his  Presents.  Moyses 
received  both  him  and  them  with  as  much  respect  as  the 
occasion  deserved,  embracing  him  in  his  armes,  gave  him 
a  faire  Horse  richly  furnished,  a  Semitere  and  belt  worth 
three  hundred  ducats  ;  and  Meldritch  made  him  Sergeant 
major  [=our  modem  Major]  of  his  Regiment. 

But  now  to  the  siege.  Having  mounted  six  and  twenty 
peeces  of  Ordnance  fifty  or  sixty  foot  above  the  Plaine, 
made  them  so  plainly  tell  his  meaning,  that  within  fifteene 
dayes  two  breaches  were  made,  which  the  Turkes  as 
valiantly  defended  as  men  could. 

That  day  was  made  a  darksome  night,  but  by  the  light 
that  proceeded  from  the  murdering  Muskets,  and  peace- 
making Canon ;  whilest  their  slothfull  Governour  lay  in  a 
Castle  on  the  top  of  a  high  mountaine,  and  like  a  valiant 
Prince  asketh  what's  the  matter,  when  horrour  and  death 


AugST62h9:]  Captaine  Iohn  Smith,  841 

stood  amazed  each  at  other,  to  see  who  should  prevaile  to      [1602] 
make  him  victorious. 

Moyses  commanding  a  generall  assault  upon  the  sloping  Regaii 
front  of  the  high  Promontory,  where  the  Barons  of  ISfSSL 
Budendorfe  and  Oberwin  lost  neere  halfe  their  Regiments, 
by  logs,  bags  of  powder,  and  such  like,  tumbling  downe 
the  hill  they  were  to  mount  ere  they  could  come  to  the 
breach ;  notwithstanding  with  an  incredible  courage  they 
advanced  to  the  push  of  the  Pike  with  the  defendants, 
that  with  the  like  courage  repulsed,  till  the  Earle  Meldritch, 
Becklefield  and  Zarvana,  with  their  fresh  Regiments  se- 
conded them  with  that  fury,  that  the  Turks  retired  and 
fled  into  the  Castle,  from  whence  by  a  flag  of  truce  they 
desired  composition. 

The  Earle  [Meldri]  remembring  his  fathers  death,  bat- 
tered it  with  all  the  Ordnance  in  the  Towne,  and  the  next 
day  tooke  it ;  all  he  found  [that]  could  beare  Armes  he  put 
to  the  sword,  and  set  their  heads  upon  stakes  round  about 
the  walles,  in  the  same  manner  they  had  used  the  Christians, 
when  they  tooke  it. 

Moyses  having  repaired  the  Rampiers,  and  throwne 
downe  the  worke  in  his  Campe,  he  put  in  it  a  strong 
Garrison,  though  the  pillage  he  had  gotten  in  the  Towne 
was  much,  having  beene  for  a  long  time  an  impregnable 
den  of  theeves  :  yet  the  losse  of  the  Armie  so  intermingled 
the  sowre  with  the  sweet,  as  forced  Moyses  to  seek  a 
further  revenge,  that  he  sacked  Veratio,  Solmos,  and 
Kupronha,  and  with  two  thousand  prisoners,  most[ly]  women 
and  children,  came  to  Esenberg,  not  farre  from  the  Princes 
Palace,  where  he  there  Encamped. 

Sigismundus  comming  to  view  his  Armie,  was  presented 
with  the  Prisoners [15],  and  six  and  thirtie  Ensignes ;  where 
celebrating  thankes  to  Almightie  God  in  triumph  of  those 
victories,  hee  was  made  acquainted  with  the  service  Smith 
had  done  at  Olumpagh,  Stowle-Wesenburg  and  Regall :  for 
which  with  great  honour  hee  gave  him  three  Turkes  heads 
in  a  Shield  for  his  Armes,  by  Patent,  under  his  hand  and 
Seale,  with  an  Oath  ever  to  weare  them  in  his  Colours, 
his  Picture  [i.e.,  Sigisnmnd's  portrait]  in  Gould,  and  three 
hundred  Ducats,  yearely  for  a  Pension. 


842 


The   Travells  and  Advenhires  of 


-  J.  Smith. 
.Aufc.  x6ao. 


[1603] 

The  Patent. 


[Variations 
in 

Vincent's 
Collectanea, 
in  the 
Heralds 
College, 
see  p.  xxiv.] 


*  Augusti 


silvaniae, 


Igismvndvs 
Bathori, 
Dei  gratia 
Dux  Tran- 
Wallachiae, 
et  Vandalorum ;  Comes 
Anchard,  Salford, 
Growenda;  Cunctis  his 
Uteris  significamus  qui 
eas  lecturi  aut  audituri 
sunty  concessam  licen- 
tiam  aut  facultatem 
Iohanni  Smith,  na- 
tione  Anglo  Generoso, 
250.  militum  Capitaneo 
sub  Illustrissimi  et  Gra- 
vissimi  Henrici  Volda,  Comitis  de  Meldri,  Salmariae,  et 
Peldoiae  pritnario,  et  1000  equitibus  et  1500.  peditibus  bello 
Vngarico  conductione  in  Provincias  suprascriptas  sub  A  uthori- 
tate  nostra :  cui  servituti  omni  laude,  perpetuaque  memoria 
dignum  prabuit  sese  erga  nos,  ut  virum  strenuum  pugnantem 
pro  aris  et  focis  decet.  Quare  e  favor e  nostro  militario  ipsum 
ordine  condonavimus,  et  in  Sigillum  illius  tria  Turcia  Capita 
designare  et  deprimere  concessimus,  quce  ipse  gladio  suo  ad 
Vrbem  Regalem  in  singulari  prcelio  vicit,  mactavit,  atque 
decollavit  in  Transilvaniae  Provincia. 

Sed  fortuna  cum  variabilis  ancepsque  sit  idem  forte  fortuito 
in  Wallachia  Provinciay  Anno  Domini  1602.  die  Mensis 
Novembris  18.*  cum  multis  aliisetiam  Nobilibus  et  aliis  quibus- 
dam  militibus  captus  est  a  Domino  Bascha  electo  ex  Cambia 
regionis  Tartarian,  cujus  severitate  adductus  salutem  quantam 
potuit  quesivit,  tantumque  effecit,  Deo  omnipotente  adjuvante, 
ut  deliberavit  se,  et  ad  suos  Commilitones  revertit ;  ex  quibus 
ipsum  liberavimus,  et  hcec  nobis  testimonia  habuit  ut  majori 
licentia  frueretur  qua  dignus  esset,  jam  tendet  in  patriam  suatn 
dulcissimam. 


J.  Smith.-j 
Aug.  1629.  J 


Captaine  Iohn  Smith. 


S43 


Rogamus  ergo  omnes  nostros  charissimos,  confinitimos,  Duces,  [1603-25] 
Principes,  Comites,  Bar  ones,  Gubematores  [16j  Vrbium  et 
Navium  in  eadem  Regione  et  coeterarum  Provinciarum  in 
quibus  ille  residere  conatus  fuerit  ut  idem  permittatur  Capitaneus 
libere  sine  obstaculo  omni  versari.  Hczc  facientes  pergraium 
nobis  feceritis. 

Signatum  Lesprizia  in  Misnia  die  Mensis   Decembris  9. 
Anno  Domini  1603. 
Cum  Pri- 
vilegio  pro- 
price  Ma- 
jestatis. 


Sigismvndvs 

B  ATHO  RI. 


dotnintu 


\NlVERSiS,  et  singulis,  cujuscunque  loci,  status,  gradus, 
ordinis,  ac  conditionis  ad  quos  hoc  prcesens  scriptum 
pervenerit,  Guilielmus  Sega.rEqttesauratus  alias  dictus* 
Garterus  Principalis  Rex  Armorum  Anglicorum,  Salutem. 

Sciatis,  quod  Ego  prcedictus  Garterus,  notum,  testatumque 
facio,quod  Patentem  suprascriptum\ ,  cum  manu  propria  prcedicti  +  super- 
Ducis  Transilvaniae  subsignatum,  et  Sigillo  suo  affixum,  Vidi  :  addem 
et  Copiam  veram  ejusdem  (in  perpetuam  rei  memoriam)  tran- 
scripsi,  et  recordavi  in  Archivis,  et  Registris  Officii  Armorum. 
Datum  Londini  19.  die  Augusti,  Anno  Domini  1625. 
Annoque  Regni  Domini  nostri  Caroli  Dei  gratia  Magna 
Britanniae,  Francise,  et  Hibernias  Regis,  Fidei  Defensoris, 
&c.     Primo. 


Gvilielmvs    Segar,    Garterus. 


844  TJic  Travells  and  Adventures  of  [Aug?"** 


[1603] 

The  same  in 


Igismvndvs  Bathor,  by  the  Grace  of  God, 
Duke  of  Transilvania,  Wallachia,  and  Moldavia, 
'English.  I^^^J^)  Earle  of  Anchard,  Salford  and  Growenda ;  to 
whom  this  Writing  may  come  or  appeare.  Know 
that  We  have  given  leave  and  licence  to  Iohn  Smith  an 
English  Gentleman,  Captaine  of  250.  Souldiers,  under  the 
most  Generous  and  Honourable  Henry  [17]  Volda,  Earle 
of  Meldritch,  Salmaria,  and  Peldoia,  Colonell  of  a  thousand 
horse,  and  fifteene  hundred  foot,  in  the  warres  of  Hungary 
and  in  the  Provinces  aforesaid  under  our  authority  ;  whose 
service  doth  deserve  all  praise  and  perpetual!  memory 
towards  us,  as  a  man  that  did  for  God  and  his  Country 
overcome  his  enemies :  Wherefore  out  of  Our  love  and 
favour,  according  to  the  law  of  Armes,  We  have  or- 
dained and  given  him  in  his  shield  of  Armes,  the  figure 
and  description  of  three  Turks  heads,  which  with 
his  sword,  before  the  towne  of  Regall,  in  single  combat 
he  did  overcome,  kill,  and  cut  off,  in  the  Province  of 
Transilvania. 

But  fortune,  as  she  is  very  variable,  so  it  chanced  and 
happened  to  him  in  the  Province  of  Wallachia,  in  the 
yeare  of  our  Lord,  1602.  the  18.  day  of  November,  [when 
he]  with  many  others,  as  well  Noble  men,  as  also  divers 
other  Souldiers,  were  taken  prisoners  by  the  Lord  Bashaw 
of  Cambia,  a  Country  of  Tartaria  :  whose  cruelty  brought 
him  such  good  fortune,  by  the  helpe  and  power  of 
Almighty  God,  that  hee  delivered  himselfe,  and  returned 
againe  to  his  company  and  fellow  souldiers ;  of  whom  We 
doe  discharge  him,  and  this  hee  hath  in  witnesse  thereof, 
being  much  more  worthy  of  a  better  reward;  and  now  intends 
to  returne  to  his  owne  sweet  Country. 

We  desire  therefore  all  our  loving  and  kinde  kinsmen, 
Dukes,  Princes,  Earles,  Barons,  Governours  of  Townes, 
Cities,  or  Ships,  in  this  Kingdome,  or  any  other  Provinces 
he  shall  come  in,  that  you  freely  let  passe  this  the  aforesaid 
Captaine,  without  any  hinderance  or  molestation  :  and  this 
doing,  with  all  kindnesse  we  are  alwayes  ready  to  doe  the 
like  for  you. 


&??&£:]  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  845 

Sealed  at  Lipswick  in  Misenland,  the  ninth  of  December,  [1603-25] 
in  the  yeare  of  our  Lord,  1603. 

SlGISMVNDVS 
With  the  proper  privilege  B  A  T  H  O  R  . 

of  his  Majestie. 

O  all  and  singular,  in  what  place,  state,  degree, 
order,  or  condition  whatsoever,  to  whom  this  pre- 
sent writing  shall  come :  I  William  Segar  Knight, 
otherwise  Garter,  and  principall  King  of  Armes  of  Eng- 
land, with  health.  Know  that  I  the  aforesaid  Garter, 
do  witnesse  and  approve,  that  this  aforesaid  Patent,  I 
have  seene,  signed  and  sealed  under  the  proper  hand 
[18]  and  Seale  Manual  of  the  said  Duke  of  Transilvania ; 
and  a  true  coppy  of  the  same,  as  a  thing  for  perpetuall 
memory,  I  have  subscribed  and  recorded  in  the  Register 
and  office  of  the  Heralds  of  Armes. 

Dated  at  London  the  nineteenth  day  of  August,  in  the 
yeare  of  our  Lord  1625.  and  in  the  first  yeare  of  our 
Soueraigne  Lord  Charles  by  the  grace  of  God,  King  of  great 
Britaine,  France,  and  Ireland,  Defender  of  the  faith,  &c. 

William    Segar. 


CHAPTER     IX. 

Sigismundus  sends  Ambassadours  vnto  the  Emperour ; 

the  conditions  re-assured,  He  yeeldeth  up  all  to 

Busca,  and  returneth  to  Prague. 

Vsca  having  all  this  time  beene  raising  new 
forces,  was  commanded  from  the  Emperour 
againe  to  invade  Transilvania,  which  being  one 
of  the  fruitfullest  and  strongest  Countries  in 
those  parts,  was  now  rather  a  desart,  or  the  very  spectacle 
of  desolation ;  their  fruits  and  fields  overgrowne  with 
weeds,   their   Churches   and   battered    Palaces   and  best 


846  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  [AugfTeS*. 

[1602]  buildings,  as  for  feare,  hid  with  Mosse  and  Ivy  :  being  the 
very  Bulwarke  and  Rampire  of  a  great  part  of  Europe, 
most  fit  by  all  Christians  to  have  beene  supplyed  and 
maintained,  was  thus  brought  to  ruine  by  them  it  most 
concerned  to  support  it. 

But  alas,  what  is  it,  when  the  power  of  Majestie 
pampered  in  all  delights  of  pleasant  vanity,  neither  knowing 
nor  considering  the  labour  of  the  Ploughman,  the  hazard 
of  the  Merchant,  the  oppression  of  Statesmen ;  nor  feeling 
the  piercing  torments  of  broken  limbes,  and  inveterated 
wounds,  the  toilsome  marches,  the  bad  lodging,  the 
hungry  diet,  and  the  extreme  misery  that  Souldiers 
endure  to  secure  all  those  estates,  and  yet  by  the  spight 
of  malicious  detraction,  starves  for  want  of  their  reward 
and  recompences ;  whilst  the  politique  Courtier,  that 
commonly  aimes  more  at  his  owne  honors  and  ends  than 
his  Countries  good,  or  his  Princes  glory,  honour,  or 
security,  as  this  worthy  Prince  too  well  could  testifie. 

But  the  Emperor  being  certified  how  weak  and  desperate 
his  estate  was,  sent  Busca  againe  with  a  great  Army,  to 
trie  his  fortune  once  more  in  Transilvania. 

ThePrince  considering  how  his  Country  and  subjects  were 
consumed ;  the  small  means  he  had  any  longer  to  defend 
his  estate,  both  against  the  cruelty  of  the  Turke,  and  the 
power  of  the  Emperor,  and  the  small  care  the  Polanders 
had  in  supplying  him,  as  they  had  promised  ;  sent  to  Busca 
to  have  truce,  till  messengers  might  be  sent  to  the  Em- 
perour  for  some  better  agreement :  wherewith  Busca  was 
contented.  The  Ambassadours  so  prevailed,  that  the 
Emperour  re-assured  vnto  them  the  conditions  he  had 
promised  the  Prince  at  their  confederacie,  for  the  lands  in 
Silesia,  with  60000.  ducats  presently  in  hand,  and  50000. 
ducats  yearely  as  a  pension. 
Buscain  When  this  conclusion  was  [19]   knowne  to  Moyses  his 

^^ver-  Lieftenant  then  in  the  field  with  the  Army,  that  would 
SSS?  d°e  anything  rather  than  come  in  subjection  to  the 
Germans ;  he  encouraged  his  Souldiers,  and  without  any 
more  adoe  marched  to  encounter  Busca,  whom  he  found 
much  better  provided  than  he  expected :  so  that  betwixt 
them  in  six  or  seven  houres,  more  than  five  or  six  thou- 
sand on  both   sides  lay  dead  in  the  field.     Moyses   thus 


Au/TiS:]  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  847 

overthrowne,   fled   to    the  Turks  at   Temesware;    and  his      [1602] 
scattered  troopes  some  one  way,  some  another. 

The  Prince  vnderstanding  of  this    so  sudden  and  un- 
expected accident,  onely  accompanied  with  an  hundred  of 
his  Gentry  and  Nobility,   went  into  the  campe  to  Busca, 
to  let  him  know  how  ignorant  he  was  of  his  Lieftenants 
errour,  that  had  done  it  without  his  direction  or   know- 
ledge, freely  offering  to  performe  what  was  concluded  by 
his  Ambassadours  with  the  Emperour ;  and  so  causing  all 
his  Garrisons  to  come  out  of  their  strong  holds,  he  deli-  J*"^** 
vered   all   to   Busca  for  the  Emperour,   and  so  went  to  d«hyh£" 
Prague  :  where  he  was  honourably  receiued,  and  established  Sj?Z*. 
in  his  possessions,  as  his  Emperiall  Majestie  had  promised. 

Busca  assembling  all  the  Nobility,  tooke  their  oaths  of 
allegeance  and  fidelity ;  and  thus  their  Prince  being  gone, 
Transilvania  became  againe  subject  to  the  Emperour. 


Now  after  the  death  of  Michael,  Vavoyd  of  Wallachia  Busca 
[p.  836],  the  Turke  sent  one  leremie  to  be  their  Vavoyd  or  SS/in 
Prince  ;  whose  insulting  tyranny  caused  the  people  to  take  Wallachia 
Armes  against  him,  so  that  he  was  forced  to  flie  into  the 
confines  of  Moldavia',    and   Busca  in  the  behalfe  of   the 
Emperour,  proclaimed  the  Lord  Rodoll  in  his  stead. 

But  Jeremy  having  assembled  an  Army  of  forty  thousand 
Turks,  Tartars,  and  Moldavians,  returned  into  Wallachia. 

Rodoll  not  yet  able  to  raise  such  a  power,  fled  into 
Transilvania  to  Busca,  his  ancient  friend  ;  who  considering 
well  of  the  matter,  and  how  good  it  would  be  for  his  owne 
security  to  have  Wallachia  subject  to  the  Emperour,  or  at 
least  such  an  employment  for  the  remainders  of  the  old 
Regiments  of  Sigismundus,  (of  whose  greatnesse  and  true 
affection  hee  was  very  suspitious,)  sent  them  with  Rodoll  to 
recover  Wallachia,  conducted  by  the  valiant  Captaines,  the 
Earle  M  eldritch,  Earle  Veltus,  Earle  Nederspolt,  Earle  Zarvana, 
the  Lord  Bechlefield,  the  Lord  Budendorfe,  with  their  Regi- 
ments, and  divers  others  of  great  ranke  and  quality,  the 
greatest  friends  and  alliances  the  Prince  had ;  who  with 
thirty  thousand,  marched  along  by  the  river  Alius,  to  the 
streights  [pass]  of  Rebrinke,  where  they  entred  Wallachia, 
encamping  at  Raza 


848  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  [a^TS'. 

[1602]  Ieremie  lying  at  Argish,  drew  his  Army  into  his  old 
campe,  in  the  plaines  of  Peteske,  and  with  his  best  dili- 
gence fortified  it ;  intending  to  defend  himselfe  till  more 
power  came  to  him  from  the  Crym-Tartar. 

Many  small  parties  that  came  to  his  campe,  Rodoll  cut 
off;  and  in  the  nights  would  cause  their  heads  to  be  throwne 
vp  and  downe  before  the  trenches.  Seven  of  their  Porters 
were  taken,  whom  Ieremie  commanded  to  be  flayed  quicke  ; 
and  after  hung  their  skinnes  vpon  poles,  and  their  carkasses 
and  heads  on  stakes  by  them.  [20] 


CHAPTER     X. 

The  battel!  of  Rotenton  ;  a  pretty  stratagem  of 
fire- works  by  Smith. 

Odoll  not  knowing  how  to  draw  the  enemie  to 
battell,  raised  his  Armie,  burning  and  spoyling 
all  where   he  came,   and   returned   againe   to- 
wards Rebrinke  in  the  night,  as  if  he  had  fled 
vpon  the  generall  rumour  of  the  Crym-Tartars  comming ; 
which  so  inflamed  the  Turkes  of  a  happy  victory,  they 
vrged  Jeremy  against  his  will  to  follow  them. 

Rodoll  seeing  his  plot  fell  out  as  he  desired,  so  ordered 
Rodoiixai  the  matter,  that  having  regained  the  streights,  he  put  his 
Army  in  order,  that  had  beene  neere  two  dayes  pursued, 
with  continuall  skirmishes  in  his  Reare,  which  now  making 
head  against  the  enemie,  that  followed  with  their  whole 
Armie  in  the  best  manner  they  could,  was  furiously  charged 
with  six  thousand  Hydukes,  Wallachians,  and  Moldavians, 
led  by  three  Colonells,  Oversall,  Dubras,  and  Calab,  to 
entertaine  the  time  till  the  rest  came  up.  Veltus  and 
Nederspolt  with  their  Regiments,  entertained  them  with 
the  like  courage,  till  the  Zanzacke  Hamesbeg,  with  six 
thousand  more,  came  with  a  fresh  charge  :  which  Meldritch 
and  Budendorfe,  rather  like  enraged  lions  than  men,  so 
bravely  encountred,  as  if  in  them  only  had  consisted  the 


A  battell 
betwixt 


Ieremie. 


AugST6£]  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  849 

victory;  Meldritchs  horse  being  slaine  vnder  him.  The  [1602] 
Turks  pressed  what  they  could  to  have  taken  him  prisoner  ; 
but  being  remounted,  it  was  thought  with  his  owne  hand 
he  slew  the  valiant  Zanzache  :  whereupon  his  troopes 
retyring,  the  two  proud  Bashawes,  Aladin  and  Zizimmus, 
brought  up  the  front  of  the  body  of  their  battell. 

Veltus  and  Nederspolt  having  breathed,  and  joyning  their 
troopes  with  Becklefield  and  Zarvana,  with  such  an  incredible 
courage  charged  the  left  flancke  of  Zizimmus,  as  put  them 
all  in  disorder ;  where  Zizimmus  the  Bashaw  was  taken 
prisoner,  but  died  presently  upon  his  wounds. 

Ieremie  seeing  now  the  maine  battell  of  Rodoll  advance, 
being  thus  constrained,  like  a  valiant  Prince  in  his  front  of 
the  Vantgard,  by  his  example  so  brauely  encouraged  his 
souldiers,  that  Rodoll  found  no  great  assurance  of  the 
victorie. 

Thus  being  joyned  in  this  bloudy  massacre,  that  there 
was  scarce  ground  to  stand  upon,  but  upon  the  dead 
carkasses;  which  in  lesse  than  an  hower  were  so  mingled, 
as  if  each  Regiment  had  singled  out  [the]  other. 

The  admired  Aladin  that  day  did  leave   behinde  him  a     , 
glorious  name  for  his  valour ;    whose  death  many  of  his 
enemies  did  lament  after  the  victory,  which  at  that  instant 
fell  to  Rodoll. 

It  was  reported  Ieremie  was  also  slaine,  but  it  was  not 
so  ;  but  [he]  fled  with  the  remainder  of  his  Armie  to 
Moldavia,  leaving  five  and  twenty  thousand  dead  in  the 
field,  of  both  Armies. 

And  thus  Rodoll  was  seated  againe  in  his  Soueraignty,  Yv^t 
and  Wallachia  became  subject  to  the  Emperour.  totiTe'6 

Emperour 

But  long  he  rested  not  to  settle  his  new  estate,  but  there 
came  newes,  that  certaine  Regiments  of  stragling  Tartars, 
were  forraging  those  parts  towards  Moldavia. 

Meldritch  with  thirteene  thousand  men  was  sent  against 
them,  but  when  they  heard  it  was  the  Crym-Tartar  and  his 
two  [21]  sonnes,  with  an  Armie  of  thirty  thousand  ;  and 
[that]  Ieremie,  that  had  escaped  with  fourteene  or  fifteene 
thousand,  lay  in  ambush  for  them  about  Langanaw ;  he 
retired  towards  Rottenton,  a  strong  garrison  for  Rodoll : 
but  they  were  so  invironed  with  these  hellish  numbers, 

54 


850  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  [xigf SJl 

[1602]  they  could  make  no  great  haste,  for  skirmishing  with  their 
scouts,  forragers,  and  small  parties  that  still  encountred 
them.  But  one  night  amongst  the  rest,  having  made  a 
passage  through  a  wood,  with  an  incredible  expedition, 
cutting  trees  thwart  each  other  to  hinder  their  passage, 
in  a  thicke  fogge  early  in  the  morning,  unexpectedly  they 
met  two  thousand  loaded  with  pillage,  and  two  or  three 
hundred  horse  and  cattell ;  the  most  of  them  were  slaine 
and  taken  prisoners,  who  told  them  where  Ieremie  lay  in 
the  passage,  expecting  the  Crym-Tartar  that  was  not  farre 
from  him. 

Meldritch  intending  to  make  his  passage  perforce,  was 
advised  of  a  pretty  stratagem  by  the  English  Smith,  which 
presently  he  thus  accomplished  ;  for  having  accommodated 
two  or  three  hundred  truncks  with  wilde  fire,  vpon  the 
heads  of  lances,  and  charging  the  enemie  in  the  night, 
gave  fire  to  the  truncks,  which  blazed  forth  such  flames 
and  sparkles,  that  it  so  amazed  not  onely  their  horses, 
but  their  foot  also ;  that  by  the  meanes  of  this  flaming 
encounter,  their  owne  horses  turned  tailes  with  such  fury, 
as  by  their  violence  overthrew  Ieremy  and  his  Army, 
without  any  losse  at  all  to  speak  of  to  Meldritch. 

But  of  this  victory  long  they  triumphed  not ;  for  being 
within  three  leagues  of  Rottenton,  the  Tartar  with  neere 
forty  thousand  so  beset  them,  that  they  must  either  fight, 
or  be  cut  in  peeces  flying. 

Here  Busca  and  the  Emperour  had  their  desire;  for  the 
Sunne  no  sooner  displayed  his  beames,  than  the  Tartar 
his  colours;  where  at  midday  he  stayed  a  while,  to  see 
the  passage  of  a  tyrannicall  and  treacherous  imposture, 
till  the  earth  did  blush  with  the  bloud  of  honesty,  that 
the  Sunne  for  shame  did  hide  himselfe  from  so  monstrous 
sight  of  a  cowardly  calamity.  It  was  a  most  brave  sight 
to  see  the  banners  and  ensignes  streaming  in  the  aire, 
the  glittering  of  Armour,  the  variety  of  colours,  the  motion 
of  plumes,  the  forrests  of  lances,  and  the  thicknesse  of 
shorter  weapons,  till  the  silent  expedition  of  the  bloudy 
blast  from  the  murdering  Ordnance,  whose  roaring  voice 
is  not  so  soone  heard,  as  felt  by  the  aymed  at  object,  which 
made  among  them  a  most  lamentable  slaughter. 


of  Rotten- 
ton. 


a^TSJ  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  851 

CHAPTER    XI. 

The  names  of  the  English  that  were  slaine  in  the 

battell  of  Rottenton  ;  and  how  Captaine 

Smith  is  taken  prisoner  ;  and  sold 

for  a  slave. 

>N  the  valley  of  Veristhome,  betwixt  the  riuer  of      [1602] 
Alius,  and  the  mountaine  of  Rottenton,  was  this  Thebatteii 
bloudy  encounter,  where  the  most  of  the  dearest 
friends  of  the  noble  Prince  Sigismundus  perished 
[on  18  Nov.  1602,  seep.  842]. 

Meldritch  having  ordered  his  eleuen  thousand  in  the  best 
manner  he  could :  at  the  foot  of  the  mountaine  upon  his 
flancks,  and  before  his  front,  he  had  pitched  [22]  sharpe 
stakes,  their  heads  hardned  in  the  fire,  and  bent  against 
the  enemie,  as  three  battalion  of  Pikes;  amongst  the 
which  also  there  was  digged  many  small  holes.  Amongst 
those  stakes  was  ranged  his  footmen,  that  upon  the  charge 
was  to  retire,  as  there  was  occasion. 

The  Tartar  having  ordered  his  40000.  for  his  best  ad- 
vantage, appointed  Mustapha  Bashaw  to  beginne  the  battell, 
with  a  generall  shout,  all  their  Ensignes  displaying, 
Drummes  beating,  Trumpets  and  Howboyes  sounding. 

Nederspolt  and  Mavazo  with  their  Regiments  of  horse 
most  valiantly  encountred,  and  forced  them  to  retire. 
The  Tartar  Begolgi  with  his  Squadrons,  darkening  the  skies 
with  their  flights  of  numberless  arrowes,  who  was  as 
bravely  encountred  by  Veltus  and  Oberwin ;  which  bloudie 
slaughter  continued  more  than  an  houre,  till  the  match- 
lesse  multitude  of  the  Tartars  so  increased,  that  they 
retired  within  their  Squadrons  of  stakes,  as  was  directed. 

The  bloudy  Tartar,  as  scorning  he  should  stay  so  long  foi 
the  victorie,  with  his  massie  troopes  prosecuted  the  charge  : 
but  it  was  a  wonder  to  see  how  horse  and  man  came  to  the 
ground  among  the  stakes,  whose  disordered  troopes  were 
there  so  mangled,  that  the  Christians  with  a  loud  shout  cryed 
Victoria  ;  and  with  five  or  six  field  peeces,  planted  vpon  the 
rising  of  the  mountaine,  did  much  hurt  to  the  enemy  that 
still  continued  the  battell  with  that  furie,  that  Meldritch 


^52 
[1602] 


The  Travells  and  Adventures  of 


|~   J.  Smith. 
[_Aug.  16*9. 


[//.843,86a.] 


Extracted 
out  of  a 
Booke  inti- 
tuled, The 
warres  of 


Wallachia, 
and  Mol- 
davia, 
written  by 
Francisco 
Fertteza, 
a  learned 
Italian,  the 
Princes 
Secretarie, 
And 

translated 
by  Master 
Purchas. 


seeing  there  was  no  possibilitie  long  to  preuaile,  ioyned 
his  small  troopes  in  one  body,  resolued  directly  to  make 
his  passage  or  die  in  the  conclusion ;  and  thus  in  grosse 
gaue  a  generall  charge,  and  for  more  than  halfe  an  houre 
made  his  way  plaine  before  him,  till  the  maine  battel  of  the 
Crym-Tartar  with  two  Regiments  of  Turkes  and  Ianizaries 
so  overmatched  them,  that  they  were  overthrowen. 

The  night  approaching,  the  Earle  with  some  thirteene  or 
foureteene  hundred  horse,  swamme  the  River ;  some  were 
drowned,  all  the  rest  slaine  or  taken  prisoners. 

And  thus  in  this  bloudy  field,  neere  30000.  lay ;  some  head- 
lesse,  armlesse,  and  leglesse,  all  cut  and  mangled  :  where 
breathing  their  last,  they  gaue  this  knowledge  to  the  world, 
that  for  the  Hues  of  so  few,  the  Crym-Tartar  neuer  paid  dearer. 

But  now  the  Countreyes  of  Transilvania  and  Wallachia, 
(subjected  to  the  Emperour)  and  Sigismundus  that  brave 
Prince  his  Subject  and  Pensioner,  the  most  of  his 
Nobilitie,  brave  Captaines  and  Souldiers,  became  a  prey 
to  the  cruell  devouring  Turke :  where[asj  had  the  Emperor 
been  as  ready  to  have  assisted  him,  and  those  three 
Armies  led  by  three  such  worthy  Captaines,  as  Michael, 
Busca,  and  Himselfe;  and  had  those  three  Armies  joyned 
together  against  the  Turke,  let  all  men  judge,  how  happie 
it  might  have  beene  for  all  Christendome :  and  have  either 
regained  Bulgaria ;  or  at  least  have  beat  him  out  of  Hun- 
garia,  where  hee  hath  taken  much  more  from  the 
Emperour,  than  hath  the  Emperour  from  Transilvania. 


The  English 
men  in  this 
Battell. 


In  this  dismall  battell,  where  Nederspolt,  Veltus,  Zarvana, 
Mavazo,  Bavell,  and  many  other  Earles,  Barons,  Colonels, 
Captaines,  brave  Gentlemen  and  Souldiers  were  slaine, 
Give  mee  leave  to  remember  the  names  of  our  owne 
Country-men  with  him  in  those  exploits,  that  as  resolutely 
as  the  best,  in  the  defence  of  Christ  and  his  Gospell,  ended 
their  dayes,  asBaskerfield,  Hardwicke,  Thomas  Milemer,  Robert 
Mullineux,  [23]  Thomas  Bishop,  Francis  Compton,  George 
Davison,  Nicholas  Williams,  and  one  John  a  Scot,  did  what 
men  could  doe,  and  when  they  could  doe  no  more,  left  there 
their  bodies,  in  testimonie  of  their  mindes  ;  only  Ensigne 
Carleton  [pp.  231,  692],  and  Sergeant  Robinson  [pp.  230, 
691]  escaped. 


Aug^S"]  Captame  Iohn  Smith.  853 

But  Smith  among  the  slaughtered  dead  bodies,  and  many  [1602-3] 
a  gasping  soule,  with  toile  and  wounds  lay  groaning 
among  the  rest,  till  being  found  by  the  Pillagers  hee  was 
able  to  live ;  and  perceiving  by  his  armor  and  habit,  his 
ransome  might  be  better  to  them  than  his  death,  they 
led  him  prisoner  with  many  others. 

Well  they  used  him  till  his  wounds  were  cured,  and 
at  Axopolis  they  were  all  sold  for  slaves,  like  beasts  in 
a  market-place ;  where  everie  Merchant,  viewing  their 
limbs  and  wounds,  caused  other  slaves  to  struggle  with 
them,  to  trie  their  strength. 

Hee  fell  to  the  share  of  Bashaw  Bogall,  who  sent  him 
forthwith  to  Adri[a]nopolis,  so  for  Constantinople  to  his  faire 
Mistresse  for  a  slave. 

By  twentie  and  twentie  chained  by  the  neckes,  they 
marched  in  file  to  this  great  Citie ;  where  they  were 
delivered  to  their  severall  Masters,  and  he  to  the  young 
Charatza  Tragahigzanda  [pp.  204, 206, 232, 276, 720, 855, 866]. 


CHAPTER    XII. 

How  Captame  Smith  was  sent  prisoner  thorow  the 

Blacke  and  Dissabacca  Sea  in  Tartaria  ;  the 

description  of  those  Seas,  and  his  usage. 

His  Noble  Gentlewoman  tooke  sometime  occa- 
sion to  shew  him  to  some  friends;  or  rather  to 
speake  with  him ;  because  shee  could  speake 
Italian,  would  feigne  her  selfe  sick  when  she 
should  goe  to  the  Banians,  or  weepe  over  the  graves,  to 
know  how  Bogall  tooke  him  prisoner ;  and  if  he  were,  as 
the  Bashaw  writ  to  her,  a  Bohemian  Lord  conquered  by 
his  hand,  as  hee  had  many  others;  which  ere  long  hee 
would  present  her,  whose  ransomes  should  adorne  her  with 
the  glorie  of  his  conquests. 

But  when  she  heard  him  protest  he  knew  no  such 
matter,  nor  ever  saw  Bogall  till  he  bought  him  at  Axopolis ; 
and  that  hee  was  an  English-man,  onely  by  his  adventures 
made  a  Captaine  in  those  Countreyes.     To  trie  the  truth, 


854  The  Trave Us  and  Adventures  of  [a{*?6$! 

[1603]  shee  found  means  to  finde  out  many  [who]  could  speake 
English,  French,  Dutch,  and  Italian,  to  whom  relating 
most  part  of  these  former  passages  [as]  he  thought  neces- 
sarie,  which  they^so  honestly  reported  to  her,  she  tooke  (as 
it  seemed)  much  compassion  on  him ;  but  having  no  use 
for  him,  lest  her  mother  should  sell  him,  she  sent  him  to 
her  brother,  the  Tymor  Bashaw  of  Nalbrits,  in  the  Countrey 
of  Cambia,  a  Province  in  Tartaria. 

How  he  was      Here  now  let  us  remember  his  passing  in  this  specula- 
TaUTna.     tive  course  from  Constantinople  by  Sander,  Screwe,  Panassa, 
Musa,  Lastilla,  to  Varna,  an  ancient  Citie  upon  the  Blacke 
Sea.     In  all  which  journey,  having  little  more  libertie  than 
his  eyes  judgement  since  his  captivitie,  he  might  see  the 
Townes  with  their  short  Towers,  and  a  most  plaine,  fertile, 
and  delicate  [24]  Countrey,  especially  that  most  admired 
place  of  Greece,  now  called  Romania;  but  from  Varna  nothing 
but  the  Blacke  Sea  water,  till  he  came  to  the  two  Capes 
of  Taur  and  Pergilos,  where  hee  passed  the  Straight  of 
Niger,  which  (as  he  conjectured)  is  some  ten  leagues  long, 
and  three  broad,  betwixt  two  low  lands.     The  Channell  is 
The  descrip-  deepe,  but  at  the  entrance  of  the  Sea  Dissabacca,  their  are 
lDh?lbKca   many  great  Osie-shoulds,  and  many  great  blacke  rockes : 
sea.  which  the  Turkes  said  were  trees,  weeds,  and  mud,  throwen 

from  the  in-land  Countryes,  by  the  inundations  and  violence 
of  the  Current ;  and  cast  there  by  the  Eddy.  They  sayled 
by  many  low  lies,  and  saw  many  more  of  those  muddy 
rockes,  and  nothing  else  but  salt  water,  till  they  came 
betwixt  Susax  and  Curuske,  only  two  white  townes  at  the 
entrance  of  the  river  Bruapo  appeared. 

In  six  or  seven  dayes  saile,  he  saw  foure  or  five  seeming 
strong  castles  of  stone,  with  flat  tops  and  battlements 
about  them  ;  but  arriving  at  Cambia,  he  was  (according  to 
their  custome)  well  used.  The  river  was  there  more  than 
halfe  a  mile  broad.  The  Castle  was  of  a  large  circum- 
ference, foureteene  or  fifteene  foot  thicke,  in  the  foundation 
some  six  foot  from  the  wall,  is  a  Paliizado,  and  then  a  Ditch 
of  about  fortie  foot  broad  full  of  water.  On  the  west  side  of 
it,  is  a  Towne  all  of  low  flat  houses  ;  which  as  he  conceived 
could  bee  of  no  great  strength,  yet  it  keepes  all  them  bar- 
barous Countreyes  about  it  in  admiration  and  subjection. 


J£$£]  Captaine  IohnSmith.  855 

After  he  had  stayed  there  three  dayes ;  it  was  two  dayes  [1603] 
more  before  his  guides  brought  him  to  Nalbrits,  where  the 
Tymor  then  was  resident,  in  a  great  vast  stonie  Castle  with 
many  great  Courts  about  it,  invironed  with  high  stone 
wals,  where  was  quartered  their  Armes,  when  they  first 
subjected  those  Countreyes  :  which  onely  live  to  labour  for 
those  tyrannicall  Turkes. 

To  her  unkinde  brother,  this  kinde  Ladie  writ  so  much  „£**„* 
for  his  good  usage,  that  hee  halfe  suspected,  as  much  as  Tartar*. 
she  intended;  for   shee   told   him,   he   should  there  but  [%%$?£; 
sojourne  to  learne  the  language,  and  what  it  was  to  be  a  853,866.] 
Turke,  till  time  made  her  Master  of  her  selfe. 

But  the  Tymor,  her  brother,  diverted  all  this  to  the  worst 
of  crueltie,  for  within  an  houre  after  his  arrivall,  he  caused 
his  Drub-man  to  strip  him  naked,  and  shave  his  head  and 
beard  so  bare  as  his  hand  :  a  great  ring  of  iron,  with  a  long 
stalke  bowed  like  a  sickle,  [was]  rivetted  about  his  necke, 
and  a  coat  [put  on  him]  made  of  Vlgries  haire,  guarded 
about  with  a  peece  of  an  undrest  skinne. 

There  were  many  more  Christian  slaves,  and  neere  an 
hundred  Forsados  of  Turkes  and  Moores ;  and  he  [i.e..  Smith] 
being  the  last,  was  slave  of  slaves  to  them  all.  Among 
these  slavish  fortunes  there  was  no  great  choice ;  for  the 
best  was  so  bad,  a  dog  could  hardly  have  lived  to  endure : 
and  yet  for  all  their  paines  and  labours  [they  were]  no 
more  regarded  than  a  beast. 


CHAPTER    XIII. 

The  Turkes  diet ;  the  Slaves  diet ;  the  attire  of 
the  Tartars  ;  and  manner  of  Warres  and 
Religions,  &c 

He  Tymor  and  his  friends  fed  upon  Pillaw,  which  t** 

is  boiled  Rice  and  Garnances,  with  little  bits  dvxoF 

of  mutton   or  Buckones  (which  is  rosted  [25]  S" 

peeces  of  Horse,  Bull,  Vlgrie,  or  any  beasts).  T»rktt* 
Samboyses  and  Muselbits  are  great  dainties,  and  yet  but  round 


856 


The  Travells  and  Adventures  of 


|_Au 


Smith. 
Aug.  1639. 


[1603] 


The  Slaves 
diet. 


The  Attire 
of  those 
Tartars. 


The 

Tartars 
of  Nagi 
and  their 

manners. 


pies,  full  of  all  sorts  of  flesh  they  can  get  chopped  with 
varietie  of  herbs.  Their  best  drinke  is  Coffa,  of  a  graine 
they  call  Coava,  boiled  with  water ;  and  Sherbecke  which 
is  only  honey  and  water :  Mares  milke,  or  the  milke  of 
any  beast,  they  hold  restorative ;  but  all  the  Comminaltie 
drinke  pure  water.  Their  bread  is  made  of  this  Coava, 
which  is  a  kinde  of  blacke  wheat,  and  Cuskus  a  small  white 
seed  like  M  illy  a  in  Biskay  :  but  our  common  victuall,  [was] 
the  entrailes  of  Horse  and  Vlgries.  Of  this,  cut  in  small 
peeces,  they  will  fill  a  great  Cauldron,  and  being  boiled 
with  Cuskus,  and  put  in  great  bowles  in  the  forme  of  chaf- 
fing-dishes ;  they  sit  round  about  it  on  the  ground,  after 
they  haue  raked  it  thorow  so  oft  as  they  please  with  their 
foule  fists :  the  remainder  was  for  the  Christian  slaves. 
Some  of  this  broth  they  would  temper  with  Cuskus  pounded, 
and  putting  the  fire  off  from  the  hearth,  powre  there  a 
bowle  full,  then  cover  it  with  coales  till  it  be  baked ;  which 
stewed  with  the  remainder  of  the  broth,  and  some  small 
peeces  of  flesh,  was  an  extraordinarie  daintie. 

The  better  sort  are  attired  like  Turkes,  but  the  plaine 
Tartar  hath  a  blacke  sheepe  skinne  over  his  backe,  and 
two  of  the  legs  tied  about  his  necke ;  the  other  two  about 
his  middle,  with  another  over  his  belly,  and  the  legs  tied 
in  the  like  manner  behinde  him :  then  two  more  made 
like  a  paire  of  bases,  serveth  him  for  breeches ;  with  a 
little  close  cap  to  his  skull,  of  blacke  felt ;  and  they  use 
exceeding  much  of  this  felt,  for  carpets,  for  bedding,  for 
Coats,  and  Idols. 

Their  houses  are  much  worse  than  your  Irish,  but  the 
In-land  Countreyes  have  none  but  Carts  and  Tents,  which 
they  ever  remove  from  Countrey  to  Countrey,  as  they  see 
occasion  :  driving  with  them  infinite  troopes  of  blacke 
sheepe,  Cattell  and  Vlgries,  eating  all  vp  before  them  as 
they  goe. 

For  the  Tartars  of  Nagi,  they  have  neither  Towne,  nor 
house,  corne,  nor  drinke ;  but  flesh  and  milke.  The  milke 
they  keepe  in  great  skinnes  like  Burracho's ;  which  though 
it  be  never  so  sower,  it  agreeth  well  with  their  strong 
stomackes.  They  live  all  in  Hordias,  as  doth  the  Crim- 
Tartars,  three  or  foure  hundred  in  a  company,  in  great 
Carts  fifteene  or  sixteene  foot  broad  ;  which  is  covered  with 


AJugs^.]  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  857 

small  rods,  wattled  together  in  the  forme  of  a  birds  nest      [1603] 
turned  upwards  :  and  with  the  ashes  of  bones  tempered 
with  oile,  Camels  haire,  and  a  clay  [that]  they  have ;  they 
lome  them  so  well,  that  no  weather  will  pierce  them,  and 
yet  [they  are]  verie  light. 

Each  Hordia  hath  a  Murse,  which  they  obey  as  their 
King.  Their  Gods  are  infinite.  One  or  two  thousand 
of  those  glittering  white  Carts  drawen  with  Camels, 
Deere,  Buls,  and  Vlgries,  they  bring  round  in  a  ring, 
where  they  pitch  their  Campe ;  and  the  Murse,  with  his 
chiefe  alliances,  are  placed  in  the  midst. 

They  doe  much  hurt  when  they  can  get  any  Stroggs, 
which  are  great  boats  used  upon  the  river  Volga,  (which 
they  call  Edle)  to  them  that  dwell  in  the  Countrey  of 
Perolog ;  and  would  doe  much  more,  were  it  not  for  the 
Muscovites  Garrisons  that  there  inhabit.  [26] 


CHAPTER    XI  I  I  I. 

The  description  of  the  Crym-Tartars ;  their  houses 
and  carts ;  their  Idolatry  in  their  lodgings. 

Ow  you  are  to  understand,  Tartary  and  Scythia  are  Thedescrip. 

11  1^1  j  •  r  tionofthe 

all  one ;  but  so  large  and  spacious,  few  or  none  c*ym- 
could  ever  perfectly  describe  it ;  nor  all  the  severall  cSaiT 
kinds  of  those  most  barbarous  people  that  inhabit 
it.    Those  we  call  the  Crym-Tartars,  [which]  border  upon 
Moldavia,  Podolia,  Lituania,  and  Russia,  are  much  more 
regular  than  the  interior  parts  of  Scthia. 

This  great  Tartarian  Prince,  that  hath  so  troubled  all 
his  neighbours,  they  always  call  Chan,  which  signifieth 
Emperour ;  but  we,  the  Crym-Tartar.  He  liveth  for  most 
part  in  the  best  champion  plaines  of  many  Provinces ;  and 
his  removing  Court  is  like  a  great  Citie  of  houses  and 
tents,  drawne  on  Carts,  all  so  orderly  placed  East  and 
West,  on  the  right  and  left  hand  of  the  Prince  his  house, 
which  is  alwayes  in  the  midst  towards  the  South :  before 
which  none  may  pitch  their  houses,  every  one  knowing 
their  order  and   quarter,  as  in  an  Armie.     The   Princes 


858 


The  Travells  and  Adventures  of 


J.  Smith 
Aug.  1629 


[1603] 

His  houses 
and  carts. 


Baskets. 


Their 

idolatrie 
in  their 
lodgings. 


Cossmos  is 
Mares  milke. 


houses  are  very  artificially  wrought,  both  the  foundation, 
sides,  and  roofe  of  wickers,  ascending  round  to  the  top  like 
a  Dove-coat ;  this  they  cover  with  white  felt,  or  white 
earth  tempered  with  the  powder  of  bones,  that  it  may 
shine  the  whiter;  sometimes  with  blacke  felt,  curiously 
painted  with  vines,  trees,  birds,  and  beasts.  The  breadth 
of  the  Carts  are  eighteene  or  twenty  foot,  but  the  house 
stretcheth  foure  or  five  foot  over  each  side,  and  is  drawne 
with  ten  or  twelve,  or  for  more  state,  twenty  Camels  and 
Oxen.  They  have  also  great  baskets,  made  of  smaller 
wickers  like  great  chests,  with  a  covering  of  the  same,  all 
covered  over  with  blacke  felt,  rubbed  over  with  tallow  and 
sheeps  milke  to  keepe  out  the  raine ;  prettily  bedecked 
with  painting  or  feathers :  in  those  they  put  their  house- 
hold stuffe  and  treasure,  drawne  upon  other  carts  for  that 
purpose. 

When  they  take  downe  their  houses,  they  set  the  doore 
alwayes  towards  the  South  ;  and  their  carts  thirtie  or  fortie 
foot  distant  on  each  side,  East  and  West,  as  if  they  were 
two  walls :  the  women  also  have  most  curious  carts  ; 
every  one  of  his  wives  hath  a  great  one  for  herselfe,  and 
so  many  other  for  her  attendants,  that  they  seeme  as 
many  Courts,  as  he  hath  wives.  One  great  Tartar  or 
Nobleman,  will  have  for  his  particular,  more  than  an 
hundred  of  those  houses  and  carts,  for  his  severall  offices 
and  uses ;  but  set  so  farre  from  each  other,  they  will  seeme 
like  a  great  village. 

Having  taken  their  houses  from  the  carts,  they  place  the 
Master  alwayes  towards  the  North ;  over  whose  head  is 
alwayes  an  Image  like  a  Puppet,  made  of  felt,  which  they 
call  his  brother;  the  women  on  his  left  hand,  and  over 
the  chiefe  Mistris  her  head,  such  another  brother;  and 
betweene  them  a  little  one,  which  is  the  keeper  of  the  house ; 
at  the  good  wives  beds-feet  is  a  kids  skinne,  stuffed  with 
wooll,  and  neere  it  a  Puppet  looking  towards  the  Maids  ; 
next  the  doore  another,  with  a  dried  cowes  udder,  for  the 
women  that  milke  the  kine,  because  only  the  men  milke 
mares. 

Every  morning,  those  (27]  Images  in  their  orders  they 
besprinkle  with  that  they  drinke,  bee  it  Cossmos,  or  what- 
soever ;  but  all  the  white  mares  milke  is  reserved  for  the 


J.  Smith."] 
Aug.  1629. J 


Captaine  Iohn  Smith. 


859 


Prince.  Then  without  the  doore,  thrice  to  the  South, 
every  one  bowing  his  knee  in  honour  of  the  fire;  then 
the  like  to  the  East,  in  honour  of  the  aire ;  then  to  the 
West,  in  honour  of  the  water;  and  lastly  to  the  North,  in 
behalfe  of  the  dead.  After  the  servant  hath  done  this 
duty  to  the  foure  quarters  of  the  world,  he  returnes  into 
the  house ;  where  his  fellowes  stand  waiting,  ready  with  two 
cups  and  two  basons  to  give  their  master,  and  his  wife  that 
lay  with  him  that  night,  to  wash  and  drinke,  who  must 
keepe  him  company  all  the  day  following:  and  all  his 
other  wives  come  thither  to  drinke,  where  hee  keepes  his 
house  that  day ;  and  all  the  gifts  presented  him  till  night, 
are  laid  vp  in  her  chests ;  and  at  the  doore  a  bench  full  of 
cups,  and  drinke  for  any  of  them  to  make  merry. 


[1603] 


CHAPTER    XV. 

T? heir  feasts ;  common  diet ;  Princes  estate ;  buildings ; 

tributes  ;  lawes  ;  slaves  ;  entertainment  of 

Ambassadours. 

Or  their  feasts  they  have  all  sorts  of  beasts,  Their  feasts, 
birds,  fish,  fruits,  and  hearbs  they  can  get,  but 
the  more  variety  of  wilde  ones  is  the  best ;  to 
which  they  have  excellent  drinke  made  of  rice, 
millit,  and  honey,  like  wine  ;  they  have  also  wine,  but  in 
Summer  they  drinke  most[ly]  Cossmos,that  standeth  ready 
alwayes  at  the  entrance  of  the  doore,  and  by  it  a  fidler. 
When  the  master  of  the  house  beginneth  to  drinke,  they 
all  cry,  ha,  ha,  and  the  fidler  playes ;  then  they  all  clap 
their  hands  and  dance,  the  men  before  their  Masters,  the 
women  before  their  Mistresses :  and  ever  when  he  drinks, 
they  cry  as  before ;  then  the  fidler  stayeth  till  they  drinke 
all  round.  Sometimes  they  will  drinke  for  the  victory ;  and 
to  provoke  one  to  drinke,  they  will  pull  him  by  the  ears, 
and  lugge  and  draw  him,  to  stretch  and  heat  him,  clapping 
their  hands,  stamping  with  their  feet,  and  dancing  before 


860  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  [au^S*' 

[1603]  the  champions,  offering  them  cups,  then  draw  them  backe 
againe  to  increase  their  appetite :  and  thus  continue  till 
they  be  drunke,  or  their  drinke  done,  which  they  hold  an 
honour,  and  no  infirmity. 

Their  com-  Though  the  ground  be  fertile,  they  sow  little  corne,  yet 
the  Gentlemen  have  bread  and  hony-wine  ;  grapes  they 
have  plenty,  and  wine  privately,  and  good  flesh  and  fish ; 
but  the  common  sort  [drink]  stamped  millit,  mingled  with 
milke  and  water.  They  call  Cassa  for  meat,  and  drinke  any 
thing  ;  also  any  beast  unprofitable  for  service  they  kill,  when 
they  are  like  to  die,  or  however  they  die,  they  will  eat  them, 
guts  liver  and  all :  but  the  most  fleshy  parts  they  cut  in 
thinne  slices,  and  hang  it  up  in  the  Sunne  and  wind 
without  salting,  where  it  will  dry  so  hard,  it  will  not 
putrifie  in  a  long  time.  A  Ramme  they  esteeme  a  great 
feast  among  forty  or  fiftie,  which  they  cut  in  peeces  boiled 
or  roast ;  puts  it  in  a  great  bowle  with  salt  and  water,  for 
other  sauce  they  have  none  :  the  master  of  the  feast  [28] 
giveth  every  one  a  peece ;  which  he  eateth  by  himselfe,  or 
carrieth  away  with  him. 

How  they         Thus  their  hard  fare  makes  them  so  infinite  in  Cattell; 

populous,  and  their  great  number  of  captived  women  to  breed  vpon, 
makes  them  so  populous. 

But  neere  the  Christian  frontiers,  the  baser  sort  make 
little  cottages  of  wood,  called  Vlusi,  daubed  over  with  durt 
and  beasts  dung,  covered  with  sedge.  Yet  in  Summer 
they  leave  them,  beginning  their  progresse  in  Aprill,  with 
their  wives,  children,  and  slaves,  in  their  carted  houses, 
scarce  convenient  for  foure  or  five  persons ;  driving  their 
flocks  towards  Perecopya,  and  sometimes  into  Taurica,  or 
Osow,  a  towne  upon  the  river  Tanais,  which  is  great  and 
swift,  where  the  Turke  hath  a  garrison :  and  in  October 
returne  againe  to  their  Cottages. 

Their  Clothes  are  the  skinnes  of  dogges,  goats,  and 
sheepe,  lined  with  cotten  cloath,  made  of  their  finest  wooll : 
for  of  their  worst  they  make  their  felt,  which  they  use  in 
aboundance,  as  well  for  shooes  and  caps,  as  houses,  beds, 
and  Idolls ;  also  of  the  coarse  wooll  mingled  with  horse 
haire,  they  make  all  their  cordage. 

Th«r  Notwithstanding  this  wandring  life,  their  Princes  sit  in 

fuS!"       great  state  upon  beds,  or  carpits  ;  and  with  great  reverence 


Aug^'.]  Captaine  IohnSmith.  86 i 

are  attended  both  by  men  and  women,  and  richly  served  [1603] 
in  plate,  and  great  silver  cups,  delivered  upon  the  knee, 
attired  in  rich  furres,  lined  with  plush,  or  taffity,  or  robes 
of  tissue.  These  Tartars  possesse  many  large  and  goodly 
plaines,  wherein  feed  innumerable  herds  of  horse  and 
cattell,  as  well  wilde  as  tame ;  which  are  Elkes,  Bisones, 
Horses,  Deere,  Sheepe,  Goates,  Swine,  Beares,  and  divers 
others. 

In  those  countries  are  the  ruines  of  many  faire  Monas-  An.^nt 
teries,  Castles,  and  Cities,  as  Bacasaray,  Salutium,  Almas-        ings* 
sary,  Perecopya,  Cremum,  Sedacom,  Capha,  and  divers  others 
by  the  Sea,  but  all  kept  with  strong  garrisons  for  the  great 
Turke,  who   yearely  by  trade   or  trafficke,  receiveth   the 
chiefe  commodities  those  fertile  countries  afford,  as  Bezer,  Commodi- 
Rice,  Furres,  Hides,  Butter,  Salt,  Cattell,  and  Slaves  ;  yet  SbSto 
by  the  spoiles  they  get  from  the  secure  and  idle  Christians,  the  Turkc- 
they  maintaine   themselves   in   this  Pompe.     Also  their 
wives,  of  whom   they  have   as   many  as  they  will,  very 
costly,  yet  in  a  constant  custome  with  decency. 

They  are  Mahometans,  as  are  the  Turks,  from  whom  also  Ge°tod(Jawes 
they  have  their  Lawes  ;  but  no  Lawyers,  nor  Attournies,  KryS*. 
onely  Iudges,  and  Iustices  in  every  Village,  or  Hordia : 
but  capitall  criminalls,  or  matters  of  moment,  before  the 
Chan  himselfe,  or  Priuie  Counsells,  of  whom  they  are 
alwayes  heard,  and  speedily  discharged.  For  any  may  have 
accesse  at  any  time  to  them,  before  whom  they  appeare 
with  great  reverence,  adoring  their  Princes  as  Gods,  and 
their  spirituall  Iudges  as  Saints ;  for  Iustice  is  with  such 
integrity  and  expedition  executed,  without  covetousnesse, 
bribery,  partiality,  and  brawling,  that  in  six  moneths  they 
have  sometimes  scarce  six  causes  to  heare.  About  the 
Princes  court  none  but  his  guard  weares  any  weapon  ;  but 
abroad  they  goe  very  strong,  because  there  are  many 
bandytos,  and  Theeves. 

They  use  the  Hungarians,  Russians,  Wallachians,  and  Th«irs 
Moldavian  slaves  (whereof  they  have  plenty)  as  beasts  to 
every  worke :  and  those  Tartars  that  serve  the  Chan,  or 
noblemen,  have  only  victuall  and  apparell ;  the  rest  are 
generally  nasty,  and  idle,  naturally  miserable,  and  in  their 
warres,  better  theeves  than  souldiers.    [29] 

This  Chan  hath  yeerely  a  Donative  from  the  King  of 


862 


The  Travells  and  Adventures  of 


r  J.  Smith. 
l_Aug.  1629. 


[1603] 

His  enter- 
tainment of 
Ambassa- 
dours. 


Poland,  the  Dukes  of  Lituania,  Moldavia,  and  Nagagon 
Tartars;  their  Messengers  commonly  he  useth  bountifully, 
and  verie  nobly,  but  sometimes  most  cruelly. 

When  any  of  them  doth  bring  their  Presents,  by  his 
houshold  Officers  they  are  entertained  in  a  plaine  field,  with 
a  moderate  proportion  of  flesh,  bread  and  wine,  for  once ; 
but  when  they  come  before  him,  the  Sultaines,  Tuians,  Vlans, 
Markies,  his  chiefe  Officers  and  Councellors  attend.  One 
man  only  bringeth  the  Ambassadour  to  the  Court  gate,  but 
to  the  Chan  he  is  led  betweene  two  Councellors ;  where 
saluting  him  upon  their  bended  knees,  declaring  their 
message,  [they]  are  admitted  to  eat  with  him,  and  presented 
with  a  great  silver  cup  full  of  Mead  from  his  owne  hand,  but 
they  drinke  it  upon  their  knees. 

When  they  are  dispatched,  he  invites  them  againe. 
The  feast  ended,  they  go  backe  a  little  from  the  Palace 
doore ;  and  [are]  rewarded  with  silke  vestures  wrought  with 
gold  downe  to  their  anckles,  with  an  horse  or  two,  and 
sometimes  a  slave  of  their  owne  Nation. 

In  them  [those]  robes  presently  they  come  to  him  againe, 
to  give  him  thankes,  take  their  leave,  and  so  depart. 


CHAPTER    XVI. 


How  he 
levieth  ai 
Annie. 


How  he  levieth  an  Armie ;  their  Armes  and  Pro- 
vision ;  how  he  divide th  the  spoile  ;  and  his 
service  to  the  Great  Turke. 

Hen  he  intends  any  warres,  he  must  first  have 
leave  of  the  Great  Turke,  whom  hee  is  bound  to 
assist  when  hee  commandeth ;  receiving  daily 
for  himselfe  and  chiefe  of  his  Nobilitie,  pensions 
from  the  Turke,  that  holds  all  Kings  but  slaves  that  pay 
tribute  or  are  subject  to  any :  signifying  his  intent  to  all 
his  subjects,  within  a  moneth  commonly  he  raiseth  his 
Armie,  and  everie  man  is  to  furnish  himselfe  for  three 
moneths  victuals ;  which  is  parched  Millit,  or  grownd  to 


AJugSS£]  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  863 

meale,  which  they  ordinarily  mingle  with  water  (as  is      [1603] 
said),  hard  cheese  or  cruds  dried  and  beaten  to  powder,  a 
little  will  make  much  water  like  milke,  and  dried  flesh, 
this  they  put  also  up  in  sackes. 

The  Chan  and  his  Nobles  have  some  bread  and  Aquavitce, 
and  quicke  [live]  cattell  to  kill  when  they  please,  wherewith 
verie  sparingly  they  are  contented. 

Being  provided  with  expert  Guides,  and  got  into  the 
Countrey  he  intends  to  invade ;  he  sends  forth  his 
Scouts  to  bring  in  what  prisoners  they  can,  from  whom 
he  will  wrest  the  utmost  of  their  knowledge  fit  for  his 
purpose  :  having  advised  with  his  Councell,  what  is  most 
lit  to  be  done,  the  Nobilitie,  according  to  their  antiquitie, 
doth  march  ;  then  moves  he  with  his  whole  Armie.  If  hee 
finde  there  is  no  enemie  to  oppose  him,  he  adviseth  how 
farre  they  shall  invade :  commanding  everie  man  (upon 
paine  of  his  life)  to  kill  all  the  obvious  Rusticks ;  but  not 
to  hurt  any  women,  or  children. 

Ten,  or  fifteene  thousand,  he  commonly  placeth,  where  '^i^nact 
hee  findeth  most  convenient  for  his  standing  Campe  ;  the  wJrls. 
rest  of  his  Armie  hee  divides  [30]  in  several  troops,  bearing 
ten  or  twelve  miles  square  before  them,  and  ever  within 
three  or  foure  dayes  [they]  returne  to  their  Campe,  putting 
all  to  fire  and  sword  but  that  they  carrie  with  them  backe  to 
their  Campe  ;  and  in  this  scattering  manner  he  will  invade 
a  Countrey,  and  be  gone  with  his  prey,  with  an  incredible 
expedition. 

But  if  he  understand  of  an  enemie,  he  will  either  fight 
in  Ambuscado,  or  flie ;  for  he  will  never  fight  any  battel 
if  he  can  chuse,  but  upon  treble  advantage :  yet  by  his 
innumerable  flights  of  arrowes,  I  have  seene  flie  from 
his  flying  troopes,  we  could  not  well  judge,  whether  his 
fighting  or  flying  was  most  dangerous,  so  good  is  his  horse, 
and  so  expert  his  bow-men.  But  if  they  be  so  intangled 
they  must  fight,  there  is  none  can  bee  more  hardy,  or 
resolute  in  their  defences. 

Regaining  his  owne  borders,  he  takes  the  tenth  of  the  J[™ehsethe 
principall  captives,  man,  woman,  childe,  or  beast  (but  his  spoik? 
captaines  that  take  them,  will  accept  of  some  particular 
person  they  best  like  for  themselves) :  the  rest  are  divided 
amongst  the  whole  Armie,  according  to  every  mans  desert, 


864  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  [AigfSsS: 

[1603]  and  quality ;  that  they  keepe  them,  or  sell  them  to  \vho[m] 
will  give  most.  But  they  will  not  forget  to  use  all  the 
meanes  they  can,  to  know  their  estates,  friends,  and 
quality  ;  and  the  better  they  finde  you,  the  worse  they  will 
use  you,  till  you  doe  agree  to  pay  such  a  ransome,  as  they 
will  impose  upon  you  :  therefore  many  great  persons  have 
endured  much  misery  to  conceale  themselves,  because 
their  ransomes  are  so  intolerable.  Their  best  hope  is  of 
some  Christian  Agent,  that  many  times  commeth  to  re- 
deeme  slaves,  either  with  mony,  or  man  for  man :  those 
Agents  knowing  so  well  the  extreme  covetousnesse  of  the 
Tartars,  doe  use  to  bribe  some  lew  or  Merchant,  that 
feigning  they  will  sell  them  againe  to  some  other  nation, 
are  oft  redeemed  for  a  very  small  ransome. 
Howth*  But  to  this  Tartarian  Armie,  when  the  Turke  commands, 

■rathe  he  goeth  with  some  small  artillery;  and  the  Nagagians, 
grtut  Turkt.  perecopenSf  Crimes,  Osovens,  and  Cersessians,  are  his  tribu- 
taries ;  but  the  Petigorves,  Oczacotiians,  Byalogordens,  and 
Dobrueen  Tartars,  the  Turke  by  covenant  commands  to 
follow  him  ;  so  that  from  all  those  Tartars  he  hath  had  an 
Army  of  an  hundred  and  twenty  thousand  excellent,  swift, 
stomackfull  Tartarian  horse  ;  for  foot  they  have  none. 

Now  the  Chan,  his  Sultaines  and  nobility,  use  Turkish, 
Caramanian,  Arabian,  Parthian,  and  other  strange  Tartarian 
horses ;  the  swiftest  they  esteeme  the  best :  seldome  they 
feede  any  more  at  home,  than  they  have  present  use  for; 
but  upon  their  plaines  is  a  short  wodde  like  heath,  in  some 
countries  like  gaile,  full  of  berries,  farre  much  better  than 
any  grasse. 
TheirAimes.  Their  Armes  are  such  as  they  have  surprised  or  got 
from  the  Christians  or  Persians,  both  brest-plates,  swords, 
semiteres,  and  helmets ;  bowes  and  arrowes  they  make 
most[ly]  themselves,  also  their  bridles  and  saddles  are  indif- 
ferent: but  the  nobility  are  very  handsome  [ly] ,  and  well  armed 
like  the  Turkes,  in  whom  consisteth  their  greatest  glory. 
The  ordinary  sort  have  little  armor,  some  a  plaine  young 
pole  unshaven,  headed  with  a  peece  of  iron  for  a  lance ; 
some  an  old  Christian  pike,  or  a  Turks  cavatine  :  yet  those 
tattertimallions  will  have  two  or  three  horses,  some  [31] 
foure,  or  five,  as  well  for  service,  as  for  to  eat ;  which  makes 
their  Armies  seem  thrice  so  many  as  there  are  souldiers. 


AigsSj:]  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  865 

The  Chan  himselfe  hath  about  his  person  ten  thousand  [1603] 
chosen  Tartars  and  Janizaries,  some  small  Ordnance  :  and 
a  white  mares  taile  with  a  peece  of  greene  taffity,  on  a 
great  Pike,  is  carried  before  him  for  a  standard ;  because 
they  hold  no  beast  so  precious  as  a  white  mare ;  whose 
milke  is  onely  for  the  King  and  nobility,  and  to  sacrifice 
to  their  Idolls ;  but  the  rest  have  ensignes  of  divers  colours. 

For  all  this  miserable  knowledge,  furniture,  and  equi- 
page, the  mischiefe  they  doe  in  Christendome  is  wonderfull : 
by  reason  of  their  hardnesse  of  life  and  constitution,  obe- 
dience, agilitie,  and  their  Emperours  bountie,  honours, 
grace,  and  dignities  he  ever  bestoweth  upon  those  that  have 
done  him  any  memorable  service  in  the  face  of  his  enemies. 

The  Caspian  Sea,  most  men  agree  that  have  passed  it,  £0^fX 
to  be  in  length  about  200.  leagues,  and  in  breadth  an  casta* 
hundred  and  fifty :  environed  to  the  East,  with  the  great 
desarts  of  the  Tartars  of  Turkamane ;  to  the  West,  by  the 
Circasses,  and  the  mountaine  Caucasus ;  to  the  North,  by 
the  river  Volga,  and  the  land  of  Nagay ;  and  to  the  South, 
by  Media,  and  Persia.  This  sea  is  fresh  water  in  many 
places,  in  others  as  salt  as  the  great  Ocean.  It  hath  many 
great  rivers  which  fall  into  it,  as  the  mighty  river  of  Volga, 
which  is  like  a  sea,  running  neere  two  thousand  miles, 
through  many  great  and  large  Countries,  that  send  into  it 
many  other  great  rivers :  also  out  of  Saberya,  Yaick,  and 
Yem,  out  of  the  great  mountaine  Caucasus,  the  river  Sirus, 
Arash,  and  divers  others;  yet  no  Sea  neerer  it  than  the 
blacke  Sea,  which  is  at  least  an  hundred  leagues  distant. 
In  which  Country  live  the  Georgians,  now  part  Armenians, 
part  Nestorians.  It  is  neither  found  to  increase  or  diminish, 
or  empty  it  selfe  any  way,  except  it  be  under  ground;  and  in 
some  places  they  can  findeno  ground  at  two  hundred  fadome. 

Many  other  most  strange  and  wonderfull  thirgs  are  in 
the  land  of  Cathay  towards  the  North-east,  and  Chyna  to- 
wards the  South-east :  where  are  many  of  the  most  famous 
Kingdomes  in  the  world;  where  most  arts,  plenty,  and 
curiosities  are  in  such  abundance,  as  might  seeme  incre- 
dible, which  hereafter  I  will  relate,  as  I  have  briefly 
gathered  from  such  authors  as  have  lived  there. 

55 


866  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  UigfTSS: 


CHAPTER    XVII. 

How  captaine  Smith  escaped  his  captivity ;  slew  the 

Bashaw  0/Nalbrits  in  Cambia;  his  passage  to 

Russia,  Transilvania,  and  the  middest  of 

Europe  to  Affrica. 

[1603]      r~^w£LL  the  hope  he  had  ever  to  be  delivered  from 

now  smith  jffl$\yQ?  ^is  thraldome  was  only  the  love  of  Tragabig- 

^tmtyk"5   ftzffi5VMw  zanda,   who    surely  was    ignorant   of   his   bad 

uSwflKiJu  usage .  for  although  he  had  often  debated  the 

l#.a76,854.]  matter  with  some  Christians,  that  had  beene  there  a  long 

time  slaves,  they  could  not  finde  how  to  make  an  escape, 

by  any  reason  or  possibility ;  but  God  beyond  [32]  mans 

expectation  or  imagination  helpeth  his  servants,  when  they 

least  thinke  of  helpe,  as  it  hapned  to  him. 

So  long  he  lived  in  this  miserable  estate,  as  he  became  a 
thresher  at  a  grange  in  a  great  field,  more  than  a  league  from 
the  Tymors  house  [at  Nalbrits].  The  Bashaw  as  he  oft 
used  to  visit  his  granges,  visited  him  ;  and  tooke  occasion 
so  to  beat,  spume,  and  revile  him,  that  [Smith]  forgetting 
all  reason,  he  beat  out  the  Tymors  braines  with  his  thresh- 
ing bat,  for  they  have  no  flailes  :  and  seeing  his  estate  could 
be  no  worse  than  it  was,  clothed  himselfe  in  his  clothes, 
hid  his  body  under  the  straw,  filled  his  knapsacke  with 
come,  shut  the  doores,  mounted  his  horse,  and  ranne  into 
the  desart  at  all  adventure. 

Two  or  three  dayes  thus  fearfully  wandring  he  knew 
not  whither,  and  well  it  was  he  met  not  any  to  aske  the 
way.  Being  even  as  taking  leave  of  this  miserable  world, 
God  did  direct  him  to  the  great  way  or  Castragan,  as  they 
call  it,  which  doth  crosse  these  large  territories,  and  [is] 
generally  knowne  among  them  by  these  markes. 
Their  guides  In  every  crossing  of  this  great  way  is  planted  a  post, 
CoantaL.  and  m  it  so  many  bobs  with  broad  ends,  as  there  be  wayes, 
and  every  bob  the  figure  painted  on  it,  that  demonstrated 
to  what  part  that  way  leadeth ;  as  that  which  pointeth 
towards  the  Cryms  Country,  is  marked  with  a  halfe  Moone, 


Aug^S:]  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  867 

if  towards  the  Georgians  and  Persia,  a  blacke  man,  full  of     [1603] 
white  spots ;  if  towards  China,  the  picture  of  the  Sunne ;  if 
towards  Muscovia,  the  signe  of  a  Crosse ;  if  towards  the 
habitation  of  any  other   Prince,  the  figure  whereby  his 
standard  is  knowne. 

To  his  dying  spirits,  thus  God  added  some  comfort  in 
this  melancholy  journey :  wherein  if  he  had  met  any  of 
that  vilde  generation,  they  had  made  him  their  slave ;  or 
knowing  the  figure  engraven  in  the  iron  about  his  necke, 
(as  all  slaves  have)  he  had  beene  sent  backe  againe  to  his 
master. 

Sixteene  dayes  he  travelled  in  this  feare  and  torment, 
after  the  Crosse,  till  he  arrived  at  Mcopolis,  upon  the  river 
Dony  a  garrison  of  the  Muscovites. 

The  governour  after  due  examination  of  those  his  hard 
events,  tooke  off  his  irons,  and  so  kindly  used  him,  he 
thought  himselfe  new  risen  from  death ;  and  the  good 
Lady  Callamata,  largely  supplied  all  his  wants.  !/•  2?6-i 

This  is  as  much  as  he  could  learne  of  those  wilde  SSription 
Countries,  that  the  Country  of  Cambia  is  two  dayes  jJJ'jjj3** 
journ[e]y  from  the  head  of  the  great  river  Bruapo,  which  JLageto 
springeth  from  many  places  of  the  mountaines  of  Inna- 
gachi,  that  joyne  themselves  together  in  the  Poole  Kerkas ; 
which  they  account  for  the  head,  and  falleth  into  the  Sea 
Dissabacca,  called  by  some  the  lake  Meotis,  which  receiveth 
also  the  river  Tanais,  and  all  the  rivers  that  fall  from  the 
great  Countries  of  the  Circassi,  the  Cartaches,  and  many 
from  the  Tauricaes,  Precopes,  Cummani,  Cossunka,  and  the 
Cryme.  Through  which  Sea  he  sailed,  and  up  the  river 
Bruapo  to  Nalbrits,  and  thence  through  thedesarts  of  Circassi 
to  Mcoplis,  as  is  related;  where  he  stayed  with  the 
Governour,  till  the  Convoy  went  to  Coragnaw. 

Then  with  his  certificate  how  hee  found  him,  and  had 
examined  [him],  with  his  friendly  letters  [he]  sent  him  by 
Zumalacke  to  Caragnaw  :  whose  Governour  in  like  manner 
so  kindly  use  him,  that  by  this  meanes  he  went  with  a  safe 
conduct  to  Letch,  and  Donka,  in  Cologoske,  and  thence  to 
Berniske,  and  Newgrod  in  Seberia,  by  Rezechica,  upon  the 
river  Niper  in  the  confines  [33]  of  Littuania.  From  whence 
with  as  much  kindnesse  he  was  convoyed  in  like  manner 


Russia. 


868  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  [a^SS 

[1603]  by  Coroski,  Duberesko,  Duzihell,  Drohobus,  and  Ostroge  in 
Volonia  ;  Saslaw  and  Lasco  in  Podolia  ;  Halico  and  Collonia 
in  Poloiiia;  and  so  to  Hermonstat  in  Transilvania.  In  all 
his  life  he  seldome  met  with  more  respect,  mirth,  content, 
and  entertainment :  and  not  any  Governour  where  he  came, 
but  gave  him  somewhat  as  a  present,  besides  his  charges ; 
seeing  themselves  as  subject  to  the  like  calamity. 

t?<£s1nShSa"      Through   those   poore   continually  forraged   Countries 

joumey  toS    there  is  no  passage,  but  with  the  Carravans  or  Convoyes; 

wZSa,'1'      for  they  are  Countries  rather  to  be  pitied,  than  envied ; 

midsUtgohfthe  an(*  ^  *s  a  wonder  any  should  make  warres  for  them. 

Europe  The  Villages  are  onely  here  and  there  a  few  houses  of 
straight  Firre  trees,  laid  heads  and  points  above  one 
another,  made  fast  by  notches  at  the  ends  more  than  a 
mans  height,  and  with  broad  split  boards,  pinned  together 
with  woodden  pinnes,  as  thatched  for  coverture.  In  ten 
Villages  you  shall  scarce  finde  ten  iron  nailes,  except  it 
be  in  some  extraordinary  mans  house. 

For  their  Townes,  JEcopolis,  Letch,  and  Donko,  have 
rampiers  made  of  that  woodden  walled  fashion,  double, 
and  betwixt  them  earth  and  stones ;  but  so  latched  with 
crosse  timber,  they  are  very  strong  against  any  thing  but 
fire ;  and  about  them  a  deepe  ditch,  and  a  Palizado  of 
young  Firre  trees  :  but  most  of  the  rest  have  only  a  great 
ditch  cast  about  them,  and  the  ditches  earth  is  all  their 
rampier  ;  but  round  well  environed  with  Palizadoes.  Some 
have  some  few  small  peeces  of  small  Ordnance,  and  slings, 
calievers,  and  muskets;  but  their  generallest  weapons  are 
the  Russe  bowes  and  arrowes. 

You  shall  find  pavements  over  bogges,  onely  of  young 
Firre  trees  laid  crosse  one  over  another,  for  two  or  three 
houres  journey,  or  as  the  passage  requires  :  and  yet  in  two 
dayes  travell  you  shall  scarce  see  six  habitations. 

Notwithstanding,  to  see  how  their  Lords,  Governours, 
and  Captaines  are  civilized,  well  attired  and  acoutred  with 
Iewells,  Sables,  and  Horses,  and  after  their  manner  with 
curious  furniture,  it  is  wonderfull :  but  they  are  all  Lords 
or  slaves,  which  makes  them  so  subject  to  every  invasion. 

In  Transilvania  he  [i.e.,  Smith]  found  so  many  good  friends, 


AugsT6!2:]  Captaine  IohnSmith.  869 

that    but   to   see  and  rejoyce  himselfe  (after   all   those  [1603-4] 
encounters)  in  his  native  Country,  he  would  ever  hardly 
have  left  them ;  though  the  mirrour  of  vertue,  their  Prince, 
was  absent. 

Being  thus  glutted  with  content,  and  neere  drowned  with 
joy ;  he  passed  high  Hungaria  by  Fileck,  Tocka,  Cassovia, 
and  Vnderoroway,  by  Vlmicht,  in  Moravia,  to  Prague  in 
Bohemia :  at  last  he  found  the  most  gracious  Prince 
Sigismundus,  with  his  Colonell  [Henry  Volda,  Earl  of 
M eldritch,  pp.  842,  852],  at  Lipswick  in  Misenland:  who 
gave  him  his  Passe  [9  Dec.  1603,  see  p.  845],  intimating  the 
service  he  had  done,  and  the  honours  he  had  received, 
with  fifteene  hundred  ducats  [  =  about  £500]  of  gold  to 
repaire  his  losses. 

With  this,  he  spent  some  time  to  visit  the  faire  Cities 
and  Countries  of  Drasdon  in  Saxonie,  Magdaburg  and 
Brunswicke ;  Cassell  in  Hessen ;  Wittenberg,  Vllum,  and 
Minikin  in  Bavaria;  Aughsbrough,  and  her  Vniversities ; 
Hama,  Franckford,  Mentz,  the  Palatinate ;  Wormes,  Speyre, 
and  Strausborough ;  passing  Nancie  in  Loraine,  and  France 
by  Paris  to  Orleans,  hee  went  down  the  river  of  Loyer,  to 
Angiers,  and  imbarked  himselfe  at  Nantz  in  Britanny,  for 
Bilbao  in  Biskay,  to  see  Burgos,  [34]  Valiadolid,  the 
admired  monasterie  of  the  Escuriall,  Madrill,  Toledo,  C or dua, 
Cuedyriall,  Civill,  Cheryes,  Coles,  and  Saint  Lucas  in  Spaine. 


CHAPTER    XVIII. 

The    observations  of  Captaine   Smith,  Master 
Henrie  Archer  and  others  in  Barbaric 

Eingthus  satisfied  with  Europe  and  Asia;  under- 
standing of  the  warres  in  Barbarie,  hee  went 
from  Gibralter  to  Guta  and  Tanger,  thence  to 
Saffee  :  where  growing  into  acquaintance  with  a 
French  man  of  warre,  the  Captaine  and  some  twelve 
more  went  to  Morocco,  to  see  the  ancient  monuments  of 
that  large  renowned  Citie.    It  was   once  the   principall 


870  The  Trave lis  and  Adventures  of  [xL^*: 

11604]  Citie  in  Barbarie,  situated  in  a  goodly  plaine  Countrey, 
14  miles  from  the  great  Mount  Atlas,  and  sixtie  miles 
from  the  Atlanticke  Sea;  but  now  little  remaining,  but 
the  Kings  Palace,  which  is  like  a  Citie  of  it  selfe,  and 
the  Christian  Church,  on  whose  flat  square  steeple  is  a 
The  three  great  brouch  of  iron,  whereon  is  placed  the  three  golden 
rf!^£-|«!s  Bals  of  Affrica :  the  first  is  neere  three  Ells  in  circum- 
ference, the  next  above  it  somewhat  lesse,  the  uppermost 
the  least  over  them,  as  it  were  an  halfe  Ball,  and  over 
all  a  prettie  guilded  Pyramides.  Against  those  golden 
Bals  hath  been  shot  many  a  shot.  Their  weight  is  recorded 
700.  weight  [784  lbs.]  of  pure  gold,  hollow  within,  yet  no  shot 
did  ever  hit  them,  nor  could  ever  any  Conspirator  attaine 
that  honor  as  to  get  them  downe.  They  report  the  Prince 
of  Morocco  betrothed  himselfe  to  the  Kings  Daughter  of 
^Ethiopia,  he  dying  before  their  marriage,  she  caused  those 
three  golden  Balls  to  be  set  up  for  his  Monument,  and 
Thedescrip-  vowed  virginitie  all  her  life.  TheAlfantica  is  also  a  place 
iiforaro.  of  note,  because  it  is  invironed  with  a  great  wall,  wherein 
lye  the  goods  of  all  the  Merchants  securely  guarded.  The 
Iuderea  is  also  (as  it  were)  a  Citie  of  it  selfe,  where  dwell 
the  Iewes :  the  rest  for  the  most  part  is  defaced :  but  by 
the  many  pinnacles  and  towers,  with  Balls  on  their  tops, 
hath  much  appearance  of  much  sumptuousnesse  and 
curiositie.  There  have  been  many  famous  Universities, 
which  are  now  but  stables  for  Fowles  and  Beasts,  and 
the  houses  in  most  parts  lye  tumbled  one  above  another. 
The  walls  of  Earth  are  with  the  great  fresh  flouds  washed 
to  the  ground ;  nor  is  there  any  village  in  it,  but  tents 
for  Strangers,  Larbes  [Mountainers,  p.  873]  and  Moores. 

Strange  tales  they  will  tell  of  a  great  Garden,  wherein 
were  all  sorts  of  Birds,  Fishes,  Beasts,  Fruits  and  Foun- 
taines,  which  for  beautie,  Art,  and  pleasure,  exceeded 
any  place  knowne  in  the  world ;  though  now  nothing  but 
dung-hils,  Pigeon-houses,  shrubs  and  bushes.  There  are 
yet  many  excellent  fountaines  adorned  with  marble,  and 
many  arches,  pillers,  towers,  ports  and  Temples ;  but 
most  only  reliques  of  lamentable  ruines  and  sad  desolation. 
AWoudie  When  Mully  Hamet  reigned  in  Barbarie,  he  had  three 
sonnes,  Mully  Shecke,  Mully  Stdan,  and  Mully  Befferres. 
He  a  most  good  and  noble  King,  that  governed  well  with 


Aug^:]  Captaine  Iohn  Smith.  871 

peace  and  plentie,  till  his  Empresse,  more  cruell  [35]  than  [1604] 
any  beast  in  Affrica,  poysoned  him,  her  owne  daughter, 
Mully  Shecke  his  eldest  sonne  borne  of  a  Portugall  Ladie, 
and  his  daughter;  to  bring  Mully  Sidan  to  the  Crowne 
now  reigning :  which  was  the  cause  of  all  those  brawles  and 
warres  that  followed  betwixt  those  Brothers,  their  children, 
and  a  Saint  that  start [ed]  up  (but  he  played  the  Devill). 

King  Mully  Hamet  was  not  blacke,  as  many  suppose,  Kbgjfirf/, 
but  Molata,  or  tawnie,  as  are  the  most  of  his  subjects ;  tinGm™ 
everie  way  noble,   kinde   and   friendly,  verie    rich    and  %£$%}! 
pompous  in  State  and  Majestie:  though  hee  sitteth  not 
upon  a  Throne  nor  Chaire  of  Estate,  but  crosse  legged 
upon  a  rich  Carpet,  as  doth  the  Turke ;  whose  Religion  of 
Mahomet,  with   an   incredible   miserable    curiositie  they 
observe.      His  Ordinarie  Guard  is  at  least  5000;  but  in 
progresse  he  goeth  not  with  lesse  than  20000.  horsemen : 
himselfe  as  rich   in  all  his  Equipage,  as  any  Prince  in 
Christendome,  and  yet  a  Contributor  to  the  Turke, 

In  all  his  Kingdome  were  so  few  good  Artificers,  that  hee  JJjJ *Jeat 
entertained  from  England,  Gold-smiths,  Plummers,  Carvers,  Engiuh. 
and  Polishers  of  stone,  and  Watch-makers  :  so  much  hee  men* 
delighted  in  the  reformation  of  workmanship,  hee  allowed 
each  of  them  ten  shillings  a  day  standing  fee,  linnen, 
woollen,  silkes,  and  what  they  would  for  diet  and  apparell ; 
and  custome-free  to  transport,  or  import  what  they  would; 
for  there  were  scarce  any  of  those  qualities  in  his  King- 
domes  but  those,  of  which  there  are  divers  of  them  living 
at  this  present  [1629]  in  London. 

Amongst  the  rest,  one  Master  Henry  Archer,  a  Watch- 
maker, walking  in  Morocco,  from  the  A  Ifantica  to  the  Iuderea, 
the  way  being  verie  foule,  met  a  great  Priest,  or  a  Sante 
(as  they  call  all  great  Clergy-men)  who  would  have  thrust 
him  into  the  durt  for  the  way;  but  Archer,  not  knowing 
what  he  was,  gave  him  a  box  on  the  eare :  presently  he 
was  apprehended,  and  condemned  to  have  his  tongue  cut 
out,  and  his  hand  cut  off ;  but  no  sooner  it  was  knowen  at 
the  Kings  Court,  but  300.  of  his  Guard  came,  and  broke 
open  the  Prison,  and  delivered  him,  although  the  fact  was 
next  degree  to  Treason. 

Concerning  this  Archer,  there  is  one  thing  more  worth 


872  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  [au^T^ 

[1604]  noting:  Not  farre  from  Mount  Atlas,  a  great  Lionesse  in 
The  strange  the  heat  of  the  day,  did  use  to  bathe  her  selfe,  and  teach 
Lyon.  a  her  young  Puppies  to  swimme  in  the  river  Cauzeff,  of  a 
good  bredth  ;  yet  she  would  carrie  them  one  after  another 
over  the  river:  which  some  Moores  perceiving  watched 
their  opportunitie,  and  when  the  river  was  betweene  her 
and  them,  stole  foure  of  her  whelps  ;  which  she  perceiving, 
with  all  the  speed  shee  could  passed  the  river,  and  comming 
neere  them  they  let  fall  a  whelpe  (and  fled  with  the  rest) 
which  she  tooke  in  her  mouth,  and  so  returned  to  the  rest. 
A  Male  and  a  Female  of  those  they  gave  Master  Archer, 
who  kept  them  in  the  Kings  Garden,  till  the  Male  killed 
the  Female ;  then  he  brought  it  up  as  a  Puppy-dog  lying 
upon  his  bed,  till  it  grew  so  great  as  a  Mastiffe,  and  no 
dog  more  tame  or  gentle  to  them  hee  knew :  but  being  to 
returne  for  England,  at  Saffee  he  gave  him  to  a  Merchant 
of  Marsellis,  that  presented  him  to  the  French  King,  who 
sent  him  to  King  lames,  where  it  was  kept  in  the  Tower 
seven  yeeres. 

After,  one  Master  John  Bull,  then  servant  to  Master 
Archer,  with  divers  of  his  friends,  went  to  see  the  Lyons, 
not  knowing  any  thing  at  all  of  him  ;  yet  this  rare  beast 
smelled  him  before  hee  [36]  saw  him,  whining,  groaning, 
and  tumbling,  with  such  an  expression  of  acquaintance ; 
that  being  informed  by  the  Keepers  how  hee  came  thither, 
Master  Bull  so  prevailed,  the  Keeper  opened  the  grate,  and 
Bull  went  in :  But  no  Dogge  could  fawne  more  on  his 
Master,  than  the  Lyon  on  him,  licking  his  feet,  hands,  and 
face,  skipping  and  tumbling  to  and  fro,  to  the  wonder  of 
all  the  beholders ;  being  satisfied  with  his  acquaintance, 
he  made  shift  to  get  out  of  the  grate.  But  when  the  Lyon 
saw  his  friend  gone  ;  no  beast  by  bellowing,  roaring,  scratch- 
ing, and  howling,  could  expresse  more  rage  and  sorrow  : 
nor  in  foure  dayes  after  would  he  either  eat  or  drinke. 
Another  In  Morocco,  the  Kings  Lyons  are  all  together  in  a  Court, 

-mMor^S.  invironed  with  a  great  high  wall;  to  those  they  put  a 
young  Puppy-dogge  :  the  greatest  Lyon  had  a  sore  upon 
his  necke,  which  this  Dogge  so  licked  that  he  was  healed: 
the  Lyon  defended  him  from  the  furie  of  all  the  rest,  nor 
durst  they  eat  till  the  Dogge  and  he  had  fed  ;  this  Dog 
grew  great,  and  lived  amongst  them  many  yeeres  after. 


AugSS:J  Captaine  IohnSmith.  Sj?> 

Fez  also  is  a  most  large  and  plentifull  Countrey,  the      [1604] 
chiefe  Citie  is  called  Fez,  divided  into  two  parts ;  old  Fez  Th.e  <?e- 
containing  about  80.  thousand  housholds,  the  other  4000.  'StIono 
pleasantly  situated  vpon  a  River  in  the  heart  of  Barbarie, 
part  upon  hils,  part  upon  plaines,  full  of  people,  and  all 
sorts  of  Merchandise. 

The  great  Temple  is  called  Carucen,  in  bredth  seventeene 
Arches,  in  length  120.  borne  up  with  2500.  white  marble 
pillars :  under  the  chiefe  Arch,  where  the  Tribunall  is 
kept,  hangeth  a  most  huge  lampe,  compassed  with  no. 
lesser,  under  the  other  also  hang  great  lamps,  and  about 
some  are  burning  fifteene  hundred  lights.  They  say  they 
were  all  made  of  the  bels  the  Arabians  brought  from  Spaine. 
It  hath  three  gates  of  notable  height,  Priests  and  Officers 
so  many,  that  the  circuit  of  the  Church,  the  Yard,  and  other 
houses,  is  little  lesse  than  a  mile  and  an  halfe  in  compasse. 

There  are  in  this  Citie  200.  Schooles,  200.  Innes, 
400.  water-mils,  600.  water-Conduits  ;  700.  Temples  and 
Oratories;  but  fiftie  of  them  most  stately  and  richly 
furnished.  Their  Alcazar  or  Burse  is  walled  about,  it  hath 
twelve  gates,  and  fifteen  walks  covered  with  tents  to  keepe 
the  Sun  from  the  Merchants,  and  them  that  come  there. 
The  Kings  Palace,  both  for  strength  and  beautie  is 
excellent,  and  the  Citizens  have  many  great  privileges. 

Those  two  Countreyes  of  Fez  and  Morocco,  are  the  best 
part  of  all  Barbarie,  abounding  with  people,  cattell,  and  all 
good  necessaries  for  mans  use.  Forthe  rest,  as  the  Larbes 
or  Mountainers,  the  Kingdomes  of  Cocow,  Algier,  Tripoly, 
Tunis,  and  JBgypt;  there  are  many  large  histories  of  them  in 
divers  languages,  especially  that  writ  by  that  most  excellent 
Statesman,  John  de  Leo,  who  afterward  turned  Christian. 

The  unknowen  Countries  of  Ginny  and  Binne,  this  six  A  briefe 
and  twentie  yeeres  [1603-1629]  have  beene  frequented  with  of  tSXS 
a  few  English  ships  only  to  trade,  especially  the  river  of  pam°oTn 
Senega,  by  Captaine  Brimstead,  Captaine  Brockit,  Master  Affnca. 
Crump,  and  divers  others. 

Also  the  great  river  of  Gambra,  by  Captaine  Iobson,  who 
is  returned  in  thither  againe  in  the  yeere  1626.  with  Master 
William  Grent,  and  thirteene  or  fourteene  others,  to  stay  in 


874 


The  Travells  and  Adventures  of 


I"  J.  Smitn. 
l_Aug.  1639. 


[1479- 
1629] 


the  Countrey,  to  discover  some  way  to  those  rich  mines  of 
Gago  or  Tumbatu,  from  whence  is  supposed  the  Moores  of 
[37]  Barbaric  have  their  gold  ;  and  the  certaintie  of  those 
supposed  descriptions  and  relations  of  those  interiour 
parts,  which  daily  the  more  they  are  sought  into,  the  more 
they  are  corrected. 

For  surely,  those  interiour  parts  of  Africa  are  little 
knowen  to  either  English,  French,  or  Dutch,  though  they 
use  much  the  Coast;  therefore  wee  will  make  a  little  bold 
with  the  observations  of  the  Portugalls. 


CHAPTER      XIX 


The  strange  discoveries  and  observations  of  the 
Portugalls  in  Affrica. 


How  the 
Portugalls 
coasted  to 
the  East 
Indies. 


He  Portugalls  on  those  par[t]s  have  the  glorie, 
who  first  coasting  along  this  Westerne  shore  of 
Affrica,  to  finde  passage  to  the  East  Indies, 
within  this  hundred  andfiftie  yeeres  [1479-1629], 
even  from  the  Streights  of  Gibralter,  about  the  Cape  of  Bone 
Esperance  to  the  Persian  Gulfe,  and  thence  all  along  the  Asian 
Coast  to  the  Moluccas,  have  subjected  many  great  King- 
domes,  erected  many  Common-wealths,  built  many  great 
and  strong  Cities;  and  where  is  it  they  have  not  beene  by 
trade  or  force  ?  no  not  so  much  as  Cape  de  Verd,  and 
Sermleone ;  but  most  Bayes  or  Rivers,  where  there  is  any 
trade  to  bee  had,  especially  gold,  or  conveniencie  for  re- 
freshment, but  they  are  scattered;  living  so  amongst  those 
Blacks,  by  time  and  cunning  they  seeme  to  bee  naturalized 
amongst  them. 

As  for  the  Isles  of  the  Canaries,  they  have  faire  Townes, 
many  Villages,  and  many  thousands  of  people  rich  in 
commodities. 
or  Edward  Ordoardo  Lopez,  a  noble  Portugall,  Anno  Dom  1578.  im- 
barquing  himselfe  for  Congo  to  trade,  where  he  found  such 
entertainment,  finding  the  King  much  oppressed  with 
enemies,  hee  found  meanes  to  bring  in  the  Portugalls  to 
assist  him,  whereby  he  planted  there  Christian  Religion, 
and  spent  most  of  his  life  to  bring  those  Countreyes  to 


AJugsT^9.]  Captaine  IohnSmith.  875 

the   Crowne  of  Portugall,  which  he  describeth  in  this      [1578] 
manner. 

'The  Kingdome  of  Congo  is  about  600.  miles  diameter  any  The 
way;  the  chiefe  Citie  called  St.  Savadore,  [is]  seated  upon  JfcS^IT 
an  exceeding  high  mountaine,  150.  miles  from  the  Sea, 
verie  fertile,  and  inhabited  with  more  than  100000.  persons, 
where  is  an  excellent  prospect  over  all  the  plaine  Countreyes 
about  it,  well  watered,  lying  (as  it  were)  in  the  Center  of 
this  Kingdome :  over  all  which  the  Portugalls  now  com- 
mand, though  but  an  handfull  in  comparison  of  Negroes. 

They  have  flesh  and  fruits  verie  plentifull  of  divers  sorts. 

This  Kingdom  is  divided  into  five  Provinces,  viz.  Bamba, 
Sundi,  Pango,  Bacca,  and  Pembo ;  but  Batnba  is  the  prin- 
cipal^ and  can  affoord  400000.  men  of  warre.  Elephants  wiide 
are  bred  over  all  those  Provinces,  and  of  wonderfull  great-  ElePhants- 
nesse ;  though  some  report  they  cannot  kneele,  nor  lye 
downe,  they  can  doe  both,  and  have  their  joynts  as  other 
creatures  for  use :  with  their  fore-feet  they  will  leape 
upon  trees  to  pull  downe  the  boughes,  and  are  of  that 
strength,  they  will  shake  a  great  Cocar  tree  for  [38]  the  nuts, 
and  pull  downe  a  good  tree  with  their  tuskes,  to  get  the 
leaves  to  eat,  as  well  as  sedge  and  long  grasse,  Cocar  nuts 
and  berries,  &c.  which  with  their  trunke  they  put  in  their 
mouth,  and  chew  it  with  their  smaller  teeth. 

In  most  of  those  Provinces,  are  many  rich  mines,  but 
the  Negars  opposed  the  Portugalls  for  working  in  them. 

The  Kingdome  of  Angola  is  wonderfull  populous,  and  The 
rich  in  mines  of  silver,  copper,  and  most  other  mettalls ;  0fT«j5? 
fruitfull  in  all  manner  of  food,  and  [with]  sundry  sorts  of 
cattell,  but  dogges  flesh  they  love  better  than  any  other 
meat :  they  use  few  clothes,  and  no  Armour ;  bowes,  arrowes, 
and  clubs,  are  their  weapons.  But  the  Portugalls  are  well 
armed  against  those  engines;  and  doe  buy  yearely  of  those 
Blacks  more  than  five  thousand  slaves,  and  many  are 
people  exceeding  well  proportioned. 

The  Anchicosaxz  a  most  valiant  nation,  but  most  strange  The 
to  all  about  them.     Their  Armes  are  Bowes,  short  and  SSESSm 
small,   wrapped   about  with   serpents   skinnes,  of  divers 
colours;  but  so  smooth  you  would  thinke  them  all  one  with 
the  wood,  and  it  makes  them  very  strong :  their  strings 
little  twigs,  but  exceeding  tough  and  flexible;  their  arrowes 


876 


The  Travells  and  Adventures  of 


r  J.  Smith 
l_Aug, 


6ag. 


[1578] 


A  strange 
mony. 


A  shambles 
of  mans 
flesh. 


Their 
Religions 
and  Idols. 


short,  which  they  shoot  with  an  incredible  quicknesse. 
They  have  short  axes  of  brasse  and  copper  for  swords;  [are] 
wonderfull  loyall  and  faithfull,  and  exceeding  simple,  yet 
so  active,  they  skip  amongst  the  rockes  like  goats.  They 
trade  with  them  of  Nubea,  and  Co7igo,  for  Lamache,  which 
is  a  small  kinde  of  shell  fish,  of  an  excellent  azure  colour, 
male  and  female,  but  the  female  they  hold  most  pure  ; 
they  value  them  at  divers  prices,  because  they  are  of  divers 
sorts :  and  those  they  use  for  coine,  to  buy  and  sell,  as  we 
doe  gold  and  silver ;  nor  will  they  have  any  other  money 
in  all  those  Countries,  for  which  they  give  Elephants 
teeth ;  and  slaves  for  salt,  silke,  linnen  cloth,  glasse-beads, 
and  such  like  Portngall  commodities. 

They  circumcise  themselves,  and  marke  their  faces  with 
sundry  slashes  from  their  infancie.  They  keepe  a  shambles 
of  mans  flesh,  as  if  it  were  beefe  or  other  victuall :  for  when 
they  cannot  have  a  good  market  for  their  slaves  ;  or  their 
enemies  they  take,  they  kill  and  sell  them  in  this  manner. 
Some  are  so  resolute  in  shewing  how  much  they  scorne 
death,  they  will  offer  themselves  and  slaves  to  this 
butchery  to  their  Prince  and  friends;  and  though  there 
be  many  nations  will  eat  their  enemies,  in  America  and 
Asia,  yet  none  but  those  are  knowne  to  be  so  mad,  as  to 
eat  their  slaves  and  friends  also. 

Religions  and  idolls  they  have  as  many,  as  nations  and 
humours ;  but  the  devill  hath  the  greatest  part  of  their 
devotions,  whom  all  those  Blacks  doe  say  is  white  ;  for  there 
are  no  Saints  but  Blacks. 


Divers 
nations  yet 
unknowne, 
and  the 
wonders  of 
Affrica. 


But  besides  those  great  Kingdomes  of  Congo,  Angola, 
and  Azichi  in  those  unfrequented  parts  are  the  Kingdomes 
of  Lango,  Matania,  Buttua,  Sofola,  Mozambeche,  Quivola, 
the  Isle  of  Saint  Lawrence,  Motnbaza,  Melinda,  the  Empires 
of  Monomatopa,  Monemugi,  and  Presbiter  John,  with  whom 
they  have  a  kinde  of  trade ;  and  their  rites,  customes, 
climates,  temperatures,  and  commodities  by  relation. 

Also  of  great  Lakes,  that  deserve  the  names  of  Seas,  and 
huge  mountaines  of  divers  [39]  sorts,  as  some  scorched  with 
heat,  some  covered  with  snow ;  the  mountaines  of  the 
Sunne,  also  of  the  Moone,  some  of  crystall,  some  of  iron, 
some  of  silver,  and  mountaines  of  gold,  with  the  originall 


AugSTn6S:]  Captame  Iohn  S  mith.  877 

of  Nilus ;  likewise  sundry  sorts  of  cattell,  fishes,  Fowles,  [1604] 
strange  beasts,  and  monstrous  serpents ;  for  Africa  was 
alwayes  noted  to  be  a  fruitfull  mother  of  such  terrible 
creatures :  who  meeting  at  their  watering  places,  which 
are  but  Ponds  in  desart  places,  in  regard  of  the  heat  of 
the  Country,  and  their  extremities  of  nature,  make  strange 
copulations,  and  so  ingender  those  extraordinary  monsters. 

Of  all  these  you  may  reade  in  the  history  of  this  Edward 
Lopez,  translated  into  English  by  A  braham  Hartwell,  and 
dedicated  to  Iohn  Lord  Archbishop  of  Canterbury,  1597. 

But  because  the  particulars  are  most  concerning  the 
conversion  of  those  Pagans,  by  a  good  poore  Priest  that  first 
converted  a  Noble  man,  to  convert  the  King,  and  the  rest 
of  the  Nobility;  [then]  sent  for  so  many  Priests  and  orna- 
ments into  Portugall,  to  solemnize  their  baptismes  with 
such  magnificence,  which  was  performed  with  such 
strange  curiosities,  that  those  poore  Negros  adored  them 
as  Gods,  till  the  Priests  grew  to  that  wealth,  a  Bishop 
was  sent  to  rule  over  them :  which  they  would  not 
endure,  which  endangered  to  spoile  all  before  they  could 
bee  reconciled. 

But  not  to  trouble  you  too  long  with  those  rarities  of 
uncertainties :  let  us  returne  againe  to  Barbary,  where  the 
warres  being  ended,  and  Befferres  possessed  of  Morocco, 
and  his  fathers  treasure ;  a  new  bruit  arose  amongst  them, 
that  Muly  Sidan,  was  raising  an  Armie  against  him,  who 
after  tooke  his  brother  Befferres  prisoner. 

But  by  reason  of  the  uncertainty,  and  the  perfidious, 
treacherous,  bloudy  murthers  rather  than  warre,  amongst 
those  perfidious,  barbarous  Moores ;  Smith  returned  with 
Merham,  [or  rather  the  French  Captain,  see  p.  869]  and  the 
rest  to  Saffe[e],  and  so  aboard  his  Ship,  to  try  some  other 
conclusions  at  Sea. 


878  The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  [auR?5$.' 


CHAPTER   XX. 

A  brave  Sea  fight  betwixt  two  Spanish 

men  of  warre,  and  Captaine 

Merham  with  Smith. 

[1604]       g ^ yOS/I  D  Erham  a  captaine  of  a  man  of  war  then  in  the 

Road,  invited  captaine  Smith,  and  two  or  three 

more  of  them  aboord  with  him;  where  he  spared 

not  anything  he  had  to  expresse  his  kindnesse, 

to  bid  them  welcome,  till  it  was  too  late  to  goe  on  shore, 

so  that  necessitie  constrained  them  to  stay  aboord. 

A  fairer  Evening  could  not  bee :  yet  ere  midnight  such  a 
storme  did  arise,  they  were  forced  to  let  slip  Cable  and 
Anchor,  and  put  to  Sea;  spooning  before  the  wind,  till  they 
were  driven  to  the  Canaries.  In  the  calmes  they  accommo- 
dated themselves,  hoping  this  strange  accident  might  yet 
produce  some  good  event. 

Not  long  it  was  before  they  tooke  a  small  Barke  com- 
ming  from  Teneryf,  loaded  with  Wine.  Three  or  foure  more 
they  chased,  two  they  tooke,  but  found  little  in  them,  save 
a  few  passengers,  that  told  them  of  five  Dutch  men  of 
warre,  about  the  Isles :  so  that  they  stood  for  Boyadora, 
[40]  upon  the  Affrican  shore ;  betwixt  which  and  Cape  Noa, 
they  descried  t[w]o  saile.  Merham  intending  to  know 
what  they  were,  hailed  them :  very  civilly  they  dansed 
their  topsailes,  and  desired  the  man  of  warre  to  come 
aboord  them,  and  take  what  he  would  ;  for  they  were  but 
two  poore  distressed  Biskiners. 

But  Merham,  the  old  fox,  seeing  himselfe  in  the  lions 
pawes,  sprung  his  loufe ;  the  other  tacked  after  him,  and 
came  close  up  to  his  nether  quarter,  gave  his  broad  side, 
and  so  loufed  up  to  windward;  the  Vice-Admirall  did 
the  like ;  and  at  the  next  bout,  the  Admirall  with  a  noise 
of  Trumpets,  and  all  his  Ordnance,  murtherers,  and 
muskets,  boorded  him  on  his  broad  side;  the  other  in  like 
manner  on  his  ley  quarter,  that  it  was  so  darke,  there  was 
little  light,  but  fire  and   smoake.     Long  he  stayed  not, 


AJugsTif9.]  Captaine  IohnSmith.  879 

before  he  fell  off,  leaving  4.  or  5.  of  his  men  sprawling      [1604] 
over  the  grating. 

After  they  had  battered  Merham  about  an  houre,  they 
boorded  him  againe  as  before ;  and  threw  foure  kedgers 
or  grapnalls  in  iron  chaines,  then  shearing  off  they  thought 
so  to  have  torne  downe  the  grating;  but  the  Admiralls 
yard  was  so  intangled  in  their  shrouds,  Merham  had  time  to 
discharge  two  crosse  barre  shot  amongst  them,  and  divers 
bolts  of  iron  made  for  that  purpose,  against  his  bow,  that 
made  such  a  breach,  he  feared  they  both  should  have  sunke 
for  company.  So  that  the  Spaniard  was  as  yare  in  slipping 
his  chained  Grapnalls,  as  Merham  was  in  cutting  the 
tackling,  [that]  kept  fast  their  yards  in  his  shrouds.  The 
Vice-admirall  presently  cleared  himselfe,  but  spared  neither 
his  Ordnance  nor  Muskets  to  keepe  Merham  from  getting 
away,  till  the  Admirall  had  repaired  his  leake. 

From  twelve  at  noone,  till  six  at  night,  they  thus  inter- 
changed one  volly  for  another;  then  the  Vice-admirall  fell 
on  starne,  staying  for  the  Admirall  that  came  up  againe  to 
him,  and  all  that  night  stood  after  Merham}  that  shaped 
his  course  for  Mamora,  but  such  small  way  they  made,  the 
next  morning  they  were  not  three  leagues  off  from  Cape  Noa. 

The  two  Spanish  men  of  warre,  for  so  they  were,  and 
well  appointed :  taking  it  in  scorne  as  it  seemed,  with 
their  chase,  broad  side,  and  starne,  the  one  after  the  other, 
within  Musket  shot,  plying  their  ordnance ;  and  after  an 
houres  worke  commanded  Merham  a  maine  for  the  King 
of  Spaine  upon  faire  quarter. 

Merham  dranke  to  them,  and  so  discharged  his  quarter 
peeces. 

Which  pride  the  Spaniard  to  revenge,  [they]  boorded  him 
againe,  and  many  of  them  were  got  to  the  top  to  unsling 
the  maine  saile ;  which  the  Master  and  some  others 
from  the  round  house,  caused  to  their  cost  to  come 
tumbling  downe.  About  the  round  house  the  Spaniards  so 
pestered,  that  they  were  forced  to  the  great  Cabben  and 
blew  it  up  ;  the  smoake  and  fire  was  so  vehement,  as  they 
thought  the  Ship  on  fire.  They  in  the  fore  castle  were  no 
lesse  assaulted,  that  blew  up  a  peece  of  the  grating,  with  a 
great  many  of  Spaniards  more ;  then  they  cleared  them- 
selves with  all  speed,  and  Merham  with  as  much  expedition 


880    The  Travells  and  Adventures  of  Capt.  Smith.     [Augs™62; 

[1604]  to  quench  the  fire  with  wet  clothes  and  water,  which 
beganne  to  grow  too  fast.  The  Spaniard  still  playing  upon 
him  with  all  the  shot  they  could  ;  the  open  places  presently 
they  covered  with  old  sailes,  and  prepared  themselves  to 
fight  to  the  last  man. 

The  angry  Spaniard  seeing  the  fire  quenched,  hung  out 
a  flagge  of  truce  to  have  but  a  parley ;  but  that  desperate 
[41]  Merham  knew  there  was  but  one  way  with  him,  and 
would  have  none  but  the  report  of  his  Ordnance,  which 
hee  did  know  well  how  to  use  for  his  best  advantage.  Thus 
they  spent  the  next  after-noone,  and  halfe  that  night ; 
when  the  Spatiiards  either  lost  them,  or  left  them. 

Seven  and  twentie  men  Merham  had  slaine,  and  sixteene 
wounded ;  and  could  finde  they  [i.e.,  the  ship]  had  received 
140.  great  shot.  A  wounded  Spanyard  they  kept  alive, 
confessed  they  had  lost  100.  men  in  the  Admirall,  which 
they  did  feare  would  sinke,  ere  she  could  recover  a  Port. 

Thus  reaccomm  /dating  their  sailes,  they  sailed  for 
Sancta  Cruse,  Cape  Goa,  and  Magadore,  till  they  came  againe 
to  Saffee;  and  then  he  [i.e.,  Smith]  returned  into  England. 


The  second  part  of  The  True  Travels,  Adventures,  and 

Observations  &*c. 

i  6  30. 
The  Observations  &»c. 


A  Continuation  of  The  Generall  His- 
toric of  Virginia,  the  Summer  Islands, 
and  New  England,  16 24-1 6 29. 

The  English  voyages  to  Guiana^  and 
the  river  Amazon^  1595—1629. 

The  English  beginnings  at  St.  Chris- 
topher,  Barbadoes,  and  Nevis ,  1623- 
1629. 

A  short  view  of  English  pirates^ 
1588-1&29 


56 


[In  the  original  edition,  while  the  headline  of  the  former  part  of 
this  Work  is 

The  Travels  and  Adventures  6r°c. 

that  over  what  follows  is  (but  not  uniformly) 

The  Travels  and  Observations  &*c. 

With  the  exception  of  the  Eye-witness  description  of  Nevis,  at 
pp.  909-10;  this  latter  part  is  simply  a  compilation  by  our  Author, 
out  of  such  Relations  as  came  to  his  hands.] 


CHAPTER    XXI. 

The  continuation  of  the  generall  Historie  of 
Virginia ;  the  Summer  lies  ;  and  New 
England  ;  with  their  present  estate 
from  1624.  to  this  present  1629. 

Oncerning  these  Countreyes,  I  would  be  [1629] 
sorrie  to  trouble  you  with  repeating  one 
thing  twice,  as  with  their  Maps,  Com- 
modities, People,  Government  and  Re- 
ligion yet  knowen,  the  beginning  of 
those  plantations,  their  numbers  and 
names,  with  the  names  of  the  Adven- 
turers, the  yeerely  proceedings  of  everie 
Governour  both  here  and  there.  As  for  the  misprisions, 
neglect,  grievances,  and  the  causes  of  all  those  rumours, 
losses  and  crosses  that  have  happened  ;  I  referre  you  to 
the  Generall  Historie,  where  you  shall  finde  all  this  at 
large ;  especially  to  those  pages,  where  you  may  read  my 
letter  of  advice  to  the  Councell  and  Company,  what  of 
necessitie  must  be  done,  or  lose  all  and  leave  the  Countrey, 
pag.  70.  [p.  442]  what  commodities  I  sent  home,  pag.  163. 
[p.  610]  my  opinion  and  offer  to  the  Company,  to  feed  and 
defend  the  Colonies,  pag.  150.  [p.  588]  my  account  to  them 
hereof  myactions  there, pag.  163.  [p.  610]  my  seven  answers 
to  his  Majesties  Commissioners :  seven  questions  what 
hath  hindered  Virginia,  and  the  remedie,  pag.  165  [p.  615]. 
How  those  noble  Gentlemen  spent  neere  two  yeares  in 
perusing  all  letters  [that]  came  from  thence ;  and  the  differ- 
ences betwixt  many  factions,  both  here  and  there,  with  their 


884  The  Travells  and  Observations  of  Capt.  I.  Smith.  [  j.ltS. 

L  Aug.  1629. 

[1622-5]  complaints ;  especially  about  the  Sallerie,  which  should 
have  beene  a  new  office  in  London,  for  the  well  ordering 
[of]  the  sale  of  Tobacco,  that  2500.  pounds  should  yearely 
have  beene  raised  out  of  it,  to  pay  foure  or  five  hundred 
pounds  yearly  to  the  Governor  of  that  Companie  ;  two  or 
three  hundred  to  his  Deputie ;  the  rest  into  stipends  of 
thirtie  or  fiftie  pounds  yearely  for  their  Clerks  and  under 
Officers  which  were  never  there,  pag.  153  [pp.  590,  591],  but 
but  not  one  hundred  pounds  for  all  them  in  Virginia, 
or  any  thing  for  the  most  part  of  the  Adventurers  in 
England,  except  the  undertakers  for  the  Lotteries,  Setters 
out  of  ships,  Adventurers  of  commodities,  also  their 
Factors  and  many  other  Officers,  there  imployed  only  by 
friendship  to  raise  their  fortunes  out  of  the  labours  of  the 
true  industrious  planters  by  the  title  of  their  office,  who 
[42]  under  the  colour  of  sinceritie,  did  pillage  and  deceive 
all  the  rest  most  cunningly.  For  more  than  150000.  pounds 
have  beene  spent  out  of  the  common  stocke,  besides  many 
thousands  have  beene  there  consumed,  and  neere  7000. 
people  that  there  died,  only  for  want  of  good  order  and 
government :  otherwise  long  ere  this  there  would  have 
beene  more  than  20000.  people ;  where  after  twentie  yeeres 
spent  onely  in  complement,  and  trying  new  conclusions, 
was  remaining  scarce  1500.  with  some  few  cattell. 

Then  the  Company  dissolved,  but  no  account  of  any 
thing;  so  that  his  Majestie  appointed  Commissioners  to 
oversee,  and  give  order  for  their  proceedings. 

Being  thus  in  a  manner  left  to  themselves,  since  then 
within  these  foure  yeeres  [1625-1629],  you  shall  see  how 
wonderfully  they  have  increased  beyond  expectation  :  but 
so  exactly  as  I  desired,  I  cannot  relate  unto  you.  For  al- 
though I  have  tired  my  selfe  in  seeking  and  discoursing  with 
those  returned  thence,  more  than  would  a  voyage  to  Vir- 
ginia ;  few  can  tell  me  any  thing,  but  of  that  place  or  places 
they  have  inhabited  :  and  he  is  a  great  traveller  that  hath 
gone  up  and  downe  the  river  of  James  Towne,  been  at 
Pamaunhc,  Smiths  Isles,  or  Accomack  ;  wherein  for  the  most 
part  they  keepe  one  tune  of  their  now  particular  abun- 
dance, and  their  former  wants,  having  beene  there,  some 
sixteene  yeeres,  some  twelve,  some  six,  some  neere  twentie, 


jEs'muh.   Continuation  of 'the  General  History  of 'Virginia.]  885 

Aug.  1629. 

&c.     But  of  their  generall  estate,  or  any  thing  of  worth,      [1627J 
the  most  of  them  doth  know  verie  little  to  any  purpose. 

Now  the  most  I  could  understand  in  generall,  was  from  Theirestato. 
the  relation  of  Master  Nathaniel  Cawsey,  that  lived  there 
with  mee  [pp.  410, 575] ,  and  returned  A  nno  Bom.  1627. ;  and  1627. 
[of]  some  others  [who]  affirme  : 

Sir  George  Yerley  was  Governour,  Captaine  Francis 
West,  Doctor  John  Poot,  Captaine  Roger  Smith,  Captaine 
Matthewes,  Captaine  Tucker,  Master  Claboume  and  Master 
Farrer  of  the  Councell :  their  habitations  many.  The 
Governour,  with  two  or  three  of  the  Councell,  are  for 
most  part  at  lames  Towne;  the  rest  repaire  thither  as 
there  is  occasion  :  but  everie  three  moneths  they  have 
a  generall  meeting,  to  consider  of  their  publike  affaires. 

Their  numbers  then  [1627]  were  about  1500.  some  say  Their 
rather  2000.  divided  into  seventeene  or  eighteene  severall 
Plantations  ;  the  greatest  part  thereof  towards  the  falls,  are  [/•  927] 
so  inclosed  with  Pallizadoes  they  regard  not  the  Salvages  : 
and  amongst  those  Plantations  above  lames  Towne,  they 
have  now  found  meanes  to  take  plentie  of  fish,  as  well  with 
lines  as  nets,  and  where  the  waters  are  the  largest;  having 
meanes,  they  need  not  want. 

Upon  this  River  they  seldome  see  any  Salvages;  but  in  ™*£t[on 
the  woods,  many  times  their  fires  :  yet  some  few  there  are,  with 'the" 
that  upon  their  opportunitie  have  slaine  some  few  stragglers,  Salvases- 
which  have  beene  revenged  with  the  death  of  so  many  of 
themselves  ;  but  no  other  attempt  hath  beene  made  upon 
them  this  two  or  three  yeares  [1624-7]. 

Their  Cattle,  namely  Oxen,  Kine,  Buls,  they  imagine  SeLeof 
to  be  about  2000.  Goats  great  store  and  great  increase ;  pa"11ter£nd 
the  wilde  Hogs,  which  were  infinite,  are  destroyed  and 
eaten  by  the  Salvages  :  but  no  family  is  so  poore,  that 
hath  not  tame  Swine  sufficient ;  and  for  Poultrie,  he  is  a 
verie  [43]  bad  husband  [that]  breedeth  not  an  hundred  in  a 
yeere,  and  the  richer  sort  doth  daily  feed  on  them. 

For  bread  they  have  plentie,  and  so  good,  that  those  c!S£of 
that  make  it  well,  better  cannot  be :  divers  have  much 
English  corne,  especially  Master  A  braham  Perce,  which  pre- 
pared this  yeere  [1627]  to  sow  two  hundred  acres  of  English 
wheat,  and  as  much  with  barley ;  feeding  daily  about  the 
number  of  sixtie  persons  at  his  owne  charges. 


886  The  Travells  and  Observations  of  Capt.  I.  Smith.  I" 


[1627-9] 

Their 
drinke. 


Their 
servants 


Their 
Artnes  and 


Their 
health  and 
discoveries. 


Ed.  by 

J.  Smith. 

Aug.  1629. 

For  drinke,  some  malt  the  Indian  corne,  others  barley  ; 
of  which  they  make  good  Ale,  both  strong  and  small,  and 
such  plentie  thereof,  few  of  the  upper  Planters  drinke  any 
water :  but  the  better  sort  are  well  furnished  with  Sacke, 
Aquavitcz,  and  good  English  Beere. 

Their  servants  commonly  feed  upon  Milke  Homini, 
which  is  bruized  Indian  corne  pounded,  and  boiled  thicke, 
and  milke  for  the  sauce ;  but  boiled  with  milke  the  best 
of  all  will  oft  feed  on  it,  and  leave  their  flesh  :  with  milke, 
butter  and  cheese  ;  with  fish,  Bulls  flesh,  for  they  seldome 
kill  any  other  ;  &c. 

And  everie  one  is  so  applyed  to  his  labour  about  Tobacco 
and  Corne,  which  doth  yeeld  them  such  profit,  they  never 
regard  any  food  from  the  Salvages;  nor  have  they  any  trade 
or  conference  with  them,  but  upon  meere  accidents  and 
defiances :  and  now  the  Merchants  have  left  it,  there  have 
gone  so  many  voluntarie  ships  within  this  two  yeeres 
[1625-7],  as  have  furnished  them  with  Apparell,  Sacke, 
Aquavitce,  and  all  necessaries,  much  better  than  ever  before. 

For  Armes,  there  is  scarce  any  man  but  he  is  furnished 
with  a  Peece,  a  Jacke,  a  Coat  of  Maile,  a  Sword,  or  Rapier; 
and  euerie  Holy-day,  everie  Plantation  doth  exercise  their 
men  in  Armes,  by  which  meanes,  [and]  hunting  and 
fowling,  the  most  part  of  them  are  most  excellent  markmen. 

For  Discoveries  they  have  made  none;  nor  [to]  any  other 
commoditie  than  Tobacco  doe  they  apply  themselves  unto, 
though  never  any  was  planted  at  first.  And  whereas  the 
Countrey  was  heretofore  held  most  intemperate  and  con- 
tagious by  many  :  now  they  have  houses,  lodgings  and 
victuall,  and  the  Sunne  hath  power  to  exhale  up  the  moyst 
vapours  of  the  earth,  where  they  have  cut  downe  the  wood, 
which  before  it  could  not,  being  covered  with  spreading 
tops  of  high  trees ;  they  finde  it  much  more  healthfull 
than  before ;  nor  for  their  numbers,  few  Countreyes  are 
lesse  troubled  with  death,  sicknesse,  or  any  other  disease, 
nor  where  overgrowne  women  become  more  fruitfull. 


The  present       Since  this,  Sir  George  Yerley  died  1628.     Captaine  West 
Vi^nia,     succeeded   him ;    but   about    a    yeere   after    returned   for 
1620.        England  [in  1629]  :  Now  Doctor  Foot  is  Governour,  and  the 
rest  of  the  Councell  as  before. 


/Lhl  Continuation  of  the  General  History  of  Virginia.']  887 

Aug.  1629. 


lames  Towne  is  yet  their  chiefe  seat,  most  of  the  wood 
destroyed,  little  come  there  planted,  but  all  converted  into 
pasture  and  gardens;  wherein  doth  grow  all  manner  of  herbs 
and  roots  we  have  in  England  in  abundance,  and  as  good 
grasse  as  can  be.  Here  most  of  their  Cattle  doe  feed,  their 
Owners  being  most  some  one  way,  some  another,  about 
their  plantations  ;  and  returne  againe  when  they  please,  or 
any  snipping  comes  into  trade.  Here  in  winter  they  have 
hay  for  their  Cattell :  but  in  other  places  they  browze 
upon  wood,  and  the  great  huskes  of  their  corne,  with 
some  corne  in  [44]  them,  doth  keepe  them  well. 

Master  Hutchins  saith,  they  have  2000  Cattle,  and  about 
5000.  people ;  but  Master  Floud,  John  Davis,  William 
Emerson,  and  divers  others,  say,  about  five  thousand 
people,  and  five  thousand  kine,  calves,  oxen,  and  bulls ; 
for  goats,  hogs,  and  poultry ;  corne,  fish,  deere,  and  many 
sorts  of  other  wilde  beasts ;  and  fowle  in  their  season,  they 
have  so  much  more  than  they  spend,  they  are  able  to  feed 
three  or  foure  hundred  men  more  than  they  have ;  and 
doe  oft  much  releeve  many  ships,  both  there,  and  for  their 
returne ;  and  this  last  yeare  [1628]  was  there  at  least  two  or 
three  and  twenty  saile. 

They  have  oft  much  salt  fish  from  New  England;  but 
fresh  fish  enough,  when  they  will  take  it ;  Peaches  in 
abundance  at  Kecoughtan.  Apples,  Peares,  Apricocks, 
Vines,  figges,  and  other  fruits  some  have  planted,  that 
prospered  exceedingly ;  but  their  diligence  about  Tobacco 
left  them  to  be  spoiled  by  the  cattell;  yet  now  they  beginne 
to  revive. 

Mistresse  Pearce,  an  honest  industrious  woman,  hath  beene 
there  neere  twentie  yeares  [1610-1629],  and  now  returned 
saith,  shee  hath  a  Garden  at  lames  towne,  containing  three 
or  foure  acres;  where  in  one  yeare  shee  hath  gathered 
neere  an  hundred  bushels  of  excellent  figges  :  and  that  of 
her  owne  provision  she  can  keepe  a  better  house  in 
Virginia,  than  here  in  London  for  3.  or  400.  pounds  a  yeare; 
yet  went  thither  with  little  or  nothing. 

They  have  some  tame  geese,  ducks,  and  turkies.  The 
masters  now  do  so  traine  up  their  servants  and  youth  in 
shooting  deere,  and  fowle,  that  the  youths  will  kill  them  as 
well  as  their  Masters.  They  have  two  brew-houses,  but  they 


[1629] 


Master 

Hutchins. 

Five 

thousand 
people. 

Five 

thousand 

cattell. 

Goats, 
Hogs,  and 
Poultry, 
infinite. 


Good 
Hospitality. 


888  The  Travells  and  Observations  of  C apt.  I.  Smith.  [\Esdmibth\ 

LAug.  1629. 

[1629]      finde  the  Indian  corne  so  much  better  than  ours,  they  beginne 

to  leave  sowing  it  [i.e.,  wheat]. 

Their  Cities  and  Townes  are  onely   scattered  houses, 

they  call  plantations,  as  are  our  Country  Villages,  but  no 

Ordnance  mounted. 
The  Forts  Captaine  Smith  left  a  building,  [are]  so  ruined, 

there  is  scarce  mention  where  they  were. 

No  discoveries  of  any  thing  more  than  the  curing  of 

Tobacco,  by  which  hitherto,  being  so  present  a  commodity 

of  gaine,   it  hath  brought  them  to  this  abundance ;   but 

that  they   are  so  disjoynted,   and  every  one  commander 

of  himselfe,  to  plant  what  he  will. 
Commodities  They  are  now  so  well  provided  that  they  are  able  to 
^g?BiTckke"  subsist ;  and  if  they  would  joine  together  now  to  worke 
foraRkMAsh  uPon  Sope-ashes,  Iron,  Rape-oile,  Mader,  Pitch  and  Tarre, 
okefor  '  Flax  and  Hempe;  as  for  their  Tobacco;  there  comes  from 
LTes^or  many  places  such  abundance,  and  the  charge  so  great,  it 
cfese  for  is  not  worth  the  bringing  home. 

There  is  gone,  and  now  a  going,  divers  Ships,  as  Cap- 
taine Perse,  Captaine  Prine,  and  Sir  John  Harvy  to  be 
their  governour,  with  two  or  three  hundred  people :  there 
is  also  some  from  Bristow,  and  other  parts  of  the  West 
Country  a  preparing:  which  I  heartily  pray  to  God  to 
blesse,  and  send  them  a  happy  and  prosperous  voyage. 

Nathaniel  Causie,  Master  Hutchins,  Master  Floud, 
Iohn  Davis,  William  Emerson,  Master  William 
Bar  net,  Master  Cooper,  and  others.  [45] 


Chests,  &c. 


CHAPTER    XXII 


The  proceedings  and  present  estate  of  the  Summer 
lies,  from  An.  Dom.  1624  to  this  present  1629. 

Rom  the  Summer  lies,  Master  Ireland,  [1622-9] 
and  divers  others  report,  their  Forts, 
Ordnance,  and  proceedings,  are  much 
as  they  were  in  the  yeare  1622.  as  you 
may  read  in  the  generall  History,  page 
199  [p.  686].  Captaine  Woodhouse  [is] 
governour.  There  are  few  sorts  of  any 
fruits  in  the  West  Indies,  but  they  grow 
there  in  abundance ;  yet  the  fertility  of  the  soile  in  many 
places  decayeth,  being  planted  every  yeare.  For  their  Plan- 
taines,  which  is  a  most  delicate  fruit,  they  have  lately  found 
a  way  by  pickling  or  drying  them,  to  bring  them  over  into 
England,  there  being  no  such  fruit  in  Europe,  and  won- 
derfull  for  increase.  For  fish,  flesh,  figs,  wine,  and  all 
sorts  of  most  excellent  hearbs,  fruits,  and  rootes  they  have 
in  abundance. 

In  this  Governours  time,  a  kinde  of  Whale,  or  rather  a 
Iubarta,  was  driven  on  shore  in  Southampton  tribe  from 
the  west,  over  an  infinite  number  of  rocks,  so  bruised, 
that  the  water  in  the  Bay  where  she  lay,  was  all  oily, 
and  the  rocks  about  it  all  bedasht  with  Parmacitty, 
congealed  like  ice  :  a  good  quantity  we  gathered,  with 
which  we  commonly  cured  any  byle,  hurt,  or  bruise ;  some 
burnt  it  in  their  lamps,  which  blowing  out,  the  very  snuffe 
will  burne,  so  long  as  there  is  any  of  the  oile  remaining, 
for  two  or  three  dayes  together. 

The  next  Governour,  was  Captaine  Philip  Bell,  whose 


890  [The proceedings  &c.  of  the  Summer  Islands.  Ed-  kyAJ,;gs^; 

[1629]  time  being  expired,  Captaine  Roger  Wood  possessed  his 
place,  a  worthy  Gentleman  of  good  desert,  and  hath  lived 
a  long  time  in  the  Country. 

Theprwnt       Their  numbers  are  about  two  or  three  thousand,  men, 

summer1  e  women,  and   children,  who  increase  there    exceedingly; 

1620  ^eir  greatest  complaint,  is  want  of  apparell,  and  too 
much  custome  [import  duties],  and  too  many  officers; 
the  pity  is,  there  are  more  men  than  women,  yet  no  great 
mischiefe,  because  there  is  so  much  lesse  pride;  the 
cattell  they  have  increase  exceedingly;  their  forts  are 
well  maintained  by  the  Merchants  here,  and  Planters 
there ;  to  be  briefe,  this  isle  is  an  excellent  bit,  to  rule 
a  great  horse. 

[#.629,630.]  All  the  Cohow  birds  and  Egbirds  are  gone;  seldome 
any  wilde  cats  seene;  no  Rats  to  speake  of;  but  the 
wormes  are  yet  very  troublesome ;  the  people  very  health- 
full  ;  and  the  Ravens  gone  ;  fish  enough  but  not  so  neere 
the  shore  as  it  used,  by  the  much  beating  [ofj  it.  It  is  an  He 
that  hath  such  a  rampire  and  a  ditch,  and  for  the  quantity 
so  manned,  victualled,  and  fortified,  as  few  in  the  world 
doe  exceed  it,  or  is  like  it. 

Aneriii  The  22.  of  March[i62oJ, two  ships  came  from  thence;  the 

mischance.  peief  Bonaventure,  neere  two  hundred  tunnes,  and  sixteene 
peeces  of  Ordnance ;  the  Captaine,  Thomas  Sherwin ;  the 
Master,  Master  Edward  Some,  like  him  in  condition,  a 
goodly,  lusty,  proper,  valiant  man :  the  Lydia,  wherein  was 
Master  Anthony  Thome,  a  smaller  ship.  [They]  were  chased 
by  eleuen  ships  of  Dunkerk ;  being  thus  overmatched, 
Captaine  Sherwin  was  taken  by  them  in  Turbay,  only  his 
valiant  Master  was  slaine.  The  ship  with  about  seventy 
English  men,  they  carried  betwixt  Dover  and  Callis,  to 
Dunkerk  ;  but  the  Lydia  safely  recovered  Dartmouth. 

These  noble  adventurers  for  all  those  losses,  patiently 
doe  beare  them  ;  but  they  hope  the  King  and  state  will 
understand  it  is  worth  keeping,  though  it  afford  nothing 
but  Tobacco,  and  that  now  worth  little  or  nothing,  custome 
and  fraught  payed :  yet  it  is  worth  keeping,  and  not  sup- 
planting; though  great  men  feele  not  those  losses,  yet 
Gardiners,  Carpenters,  and  Smiths  doe  pay  for  it. 

From  the  relation  of  Robert  C/iesteven,  and  others. 


CHAPTER    XXIII. 

The  proceedings  and  present  estate  of 'New  England, 
since  1624.  to  this  present  1629. 

Hen  I  went  first  [1614]  to  the  North  part  [1606-14] 
of  Virginia,  where  the  Westerly  Colony 
had  beene  planted,  it  had  dissolved  it 
selfe  within  a  yeare  [1606-7],  an^  there 
was  not  one  Christian  in  all  the  land. 

I  was  set  forth  at  the  sole  charge  of  Yt'fi 
foure  Merchants  of  London;  the  Country  6S7|  936!] 
being  then  reputed  by  your  westerlings, 
a  most  rockie,  barren,  desolate  desart;  but  the  good 
returne  I  brought  from  thence,  with  the  maps  and  relations 
I  made  of  the  Country,  which  I  made  so  manifest,  some  of 
them  did  beleeve  me  ;  and  they  were  well  embraced,  both  by 
the  Londoners,  and  Westerlings :  for  whom  I  had  promised 
to  undertake  it,  thinking  to  have  joined  them  all  together ; 
but  that  might  well  have  beene  a  worke  for  Hercules. 

Betwixt  them  long  there  was  much  contention;  the  Lon-  considera- 
doners  indeed  went  bravely  forward  ;  but  in  three  or  foure  thetoLeof 
yeares,  I  and  my  friends  consumed  many  hundred  pounds  tlme* 
amongst  the  Plimothians ;  who  only  fed  me  with  delayes, 
promises,  and  excuses,  but  no  performance  of  any  thing  to 
any  purpose. 

In  the  interim,  many  particular  ships  went  thither,  and 
finding  my  relations  true ;  and  that  I  had  not  taken  that  I 
brought  home  from  the  French  men,  as  had  beene  re- 
ported :  yet  further  for  my  paines  to  discredit  me,  and  my 
calling  it  New  England,  they  obscured  it,  and  shadowed 
it,  with  the  title  of  Canada;   till  at  my  humble  suit,  it 


892    The  Travellsand  Observations  of  Capt.  I.  Smith.  I"  j.fijjj 

|_Aug.  1639. 

[1614]  pleased  our  most  Royall  King  Charles,  whom  God  long  keepe, 
blesse,  and  preserve,  then  Prince  of  Wales,  to  conlirme  it 
with  my  map  and  booke,  by  the  title  of  New  England. 

The  gaine  thence  returning  did  make  the  fame  thereof 
so  increase,  that  thirty,  forty,  or  fifty  saile  went  yearly 
only  to  trade  and  fish ;  but  nothing  would  bee  done  for  a 
plantation,  till  about  some  hundred  of  your  Brownists 
of  England,  Amsterdam,  and  Leyden,  went  to  New  Plimouth, 

The^ct  of  whose  humorous  ignorances  caused  them,  for  more  than 

n^fe.r  a  yeare  [1620-1621],  to  endure  a  wonderfull  deale  of 
misery,  with  an  infinite  patience ;  saying  my  books  and 
maps  were  much  better  cheape  to  teach  them,  than  my  selfe : 

[M94I.943-]  many  other  have  used  the  [47]  like  good  husbandry,  that 
have  payed  soundly  in  trying  their  selfe-willed  conclusions. 
But  those  [the  Pilgrim  Fathers]  in  time  doing  well, 
divers  others  have  in  small  handfulls  undertaken  to  goe 
there,  to  be  severall  Lords  and  Kings  of  themselves ;  but 
most  vanished  to  nothing. 

[A947.]  Notwithstanding,  the  fishing   ships   made   such    good 

returnes,  at  last  it  was  ingrossed  by  twenty  Pattenties,  that 
divided  my  map  into  twenty  parts,  and  cast  lots  for  their 
shares ;  but  money  not  comming  in  as  they  expected,  [they] 
procured  a  Proclamation,  none  should  goe  thither  without 
their  licences  to  fish  ;  but  for  every  thirty  tunnes  of  ship- 
ping, to  pay  them  five  pounds :  besides,  upon  great  penal- 
ties, neither  to  trade  with  the  natives,  cut  downe  wood  for 
their  stages,  without  giving  satisfaction  ;  though  all  the 
Country  is  nothing  but  wood,  and  none  to  make  use  of  it. 
With  many  such  other  pretences,  for  to  make  this  Country 
plant  it  selfe,  by  its  owne  wealth :  hereupon  most  men 
grew  so  discontented,  that  few  or  none  would  goe  ;  so  that 
the  Pattenties,  who  never  one  of  them  had  beene  there, 
seeing  those  projects  would  not  prevaile,  have  since  not 
hindred  any  to  goe  that  would,  [so]  that  within  these  few 
last  yeares,  more  have  gone  thither  than  ever. 


a  new  Pi*n-       Now  this  yeare  1629.  a  great  company  of  people  of  good 

1629.        ranke,  zeale,  meanes,  and  quality,   have  made   a   great 

stocke,  and  with  six  good  ships  in  the  moneths  of  Aprill 

and  May  [1629],  tneY  set  saile  from  Thames,  for  the  Bay  of 

the  Massachusetts,  otherwise  called  Charles  River;    viz.  the 


I 


Ed'byAJugST6£      The  proceedings  &c.  <?/New  England.]  893 

George  Bonaventure,  of  twenty  peeces  of  Ordnance,  the  [1629] 
Talbot  nineteene,  the  Lions-whelpe  eight,  the  May-flower 
fourteene,  the  Foure  Sisters,  foureteene,  the  Pilgrim  foure, 
with  three  hundred  and  fifty,  men,  women,  and  children ; 
also  an  hundred  and  fifteene  head  of  Cattell,as  horse,  mares, 
and  neat  beast ;  one  and  forty  goats,  some  Conies,  with 
all  provision  forhoushold,  and  apparell ;  six  peeces  of  great 
Ordnance  for  a  Fort,  with  Muskets,  Pikes,  Corselets,  Drums, 
Colours,  with  all  provisions  necessary  for  a  plantation,  for 
the  good  of  man. 

Other  particulars  I  understand  of  no  more,  than  is  writ 
in  the  generall  historie  of  those  Countries. 

But  you  are  to  understand,  that  the  noble  Lord  chiefe  (A  93*.] 
Justice  Popham,  Judge  Doderege;  the  Right  Honourable 
Earles  of  Pembroke,  Southampton,  Salesbury,  and  the  rest, 
as  I  take  it,  they  did  all  thinke,  as  I  and  them  [that]  went 
with  me  did : 

That  had  those  two  Countries  beene  planted,  as  it  was 
intended,  that  no  other  nation  should  come  plant  betwixt 
us.  If  ever  the  King  of  Spaine  and  we  should  fall  foule, 
those  Countries  being  so  capable  of  all  materialls  for 
shipping,  by  this  [they]  might  have  beene  owners  of  a  good 
Fleet  of  ships,  and  to  have  releeved  a  whole  Navy  from 
England  upon  occasion  ;  yea,  and  to  have  furnished  England 
with  the  most  Easterly  [i.e., Baltic]  commodities:  and  now 
since,  seeing  how  conveniently  the  Summer  lies  fell  to  our 
shares,  so  neere  the  West  Indies,  wee  might  with  much 
more  facility  than  the  Dutchmen  have  invaded  the  West 
Indies ;  that  doth  now  put  in  practice,  what  so  long  hath 
beene  advised  on,  by  many  an  honest  English  States-man. 

Those  Countries  Captaine  Smith  oft  times  used  to  call  Notes  of 
his  children  that  never  had  mother;  and  well  he  might,  veniencie 
for  few  fathers  ever  payed  dearer  for  so  little  content ;  and  \P-  77°  1 
for  those  that  would  truly  understand,  how  [48]  many 
strange  accidents  hath  befallen  them  and  him  ;  how  oft  up, 
how  oft  downe,  sometimes  neere  desperate,  and  ere  long 
flourishing,  cannot  but  conceive  Gods  infinite  mercies  and 
favours  towards  them.     Had  his  designes  beene  to  have  [/  945.] 
perswaded  men  to  a  mine  of  gold,  though  few  doth  con- 


894  [  The  proceedings  &c.  of  New  England.      Ed-  byAJugs^ 

[1629]  ceive  either  the  charge  or  paines  in  refining  it,  nor  the 
power  nor  care  to  defend  it;  or  some  new  Invention  to 
passe  to  the  South  Sea ;  or  some  strange  plot  to  invade 
some  strange  Monastery :  or  some  portable  Countrie ;  or 
some  chargeable  Fleet  to  take  some  rich  Carocks  in  the 
East  Indies ;  or  Letters  of  Mart  to  rob  some  poore  Mer- 
chants ;  what  multitudes  of  both  people  and  mony,  would 
contend  to  be  first  imployed :  but  in  those  noble  en- 
devours  (now)  how  few  of  quality,  unlesse  it  be  to  beg 
some  Monopolie ;  and  those  seldome  seeke  the  common 
good,  but  the  commons  goods  ;  as  you  may  reade  at  large 
in  his  generall  history,  page  217,  218,  219.  [pp.  722-727] 
his  generall  observations  and  reasons  for  this  plantation. 
For  yet  those  Countries  are  not  so  forward  but  they  may 
become  as  miserable  as  ever,  if  better  courses  be  not 
taken  than  is ;  as  this  Smith  will  plainly  demonstrate  to 
his  Majesty ;  or  any  other  noble  person  of  ability,  liable 
generously  to  undertake  it :  how  within  a  short  time  to 
make  Virginia  able  to  resist  any  enemy,  that  as  yet  lieth 
open  to  all;  and  yeeld  the  King  more  custome  within 
these  few  yeares,  in  certaine  staple  commodities,  than 
ever  it  did  in  Tobacco ;  which  now  not  being  worth 
bringing  home,  the  custome  will  bee  as  uncertaine  to  the 
King,  as  dangerous  to  the  plantations. 


CHAPTER    XXIIII 


[1595- 
1610] 


A  brief e  discourse  of  divers  voyages  made  unto  the 

goodly  Countrey  of  Guiana,  and  the  great 

River  of  the  Amazons  ;  relating 

also  the  present  Plantation 

there, 

T  is  not  unknowen  how  that  most  indus- 
trious and  honourable  Knight  Sir  Walter 
Rauleigh,  in  the  yeareof  our  Lord  1595. 
taking  the  He  of  Trinidado,  fell  with  the 
Coast  of  Guiana  Northward  of  the  Line 
ten  degrees,  and  coasted  the  Coast ;  and 
searched  up  the  River  Oranoca ;  where 
understanding  that  twentie  severall 
voyages  had  beene  made  by  the  Spanyards,  in  discovering 
this  Coast  and  River ;  to  finde  a  passage  to  the  great  Citie 
of  Mano[a],  called  by  them  the  Eldorado, ox  the  Golden  Citie: 
he  did  his  utmost  to  have  found  some  better  satisfaction 
than  relations. 

But  meanes  failing   him,  hee   left   his  trustie  servant  Harro£^ 
Francis  Sparrow  to  seeke  it,  who  wandring  up  and  downe  thegreu  e 
those  Countreyes,  some  foureteene  or  fifteene  yeares  [1595-  22$]. 
1610]  unexpectedly  returned.    I  [i.e..  Smith]  have  heard  him 
[Sparrow]  say  [in  1611],  he  was  led  blinded  into  this  Citie  by 
Indians;  but  little  discourse  of  any  purpose  touching  the 
largenesse  of  the  report  of  it ;  his  body  seeming  as  a  man  of 
an  uncurable  consumption,  [he]  shortly  dyed  hereafter  in 
England. 

There  are  above  thirtie  faire  rivers  that  fall  into  the 


896 


[A  brief  Discourse  of  divers 


Ed.  by  J.  Smith. 
Aug.  1629. 


Captaine 
CharU  Ley 


Sir  Tlwmas 
Roe. 


Captain 
Morton. 


Captair 
White. 


[1605-17] Sea,  betweene  the  River  of  Amazons  and  Oranocat  which 
are  some  nine  degrees  asunder.  [49] 

In  the  yeare  1605.  Captaine  Ley,  brother  to  that  noble 
Knight  Sir  Oliver  Ley,  with  divers  others,  planted  himselfe 
in  the  River  Weapoco,  wherein  I  should  have  beene  a 
partie;  but  hee  dyed,  and  there  lyes  buried:  and  the  supply 
miscarrying,  the  rest  escaped  as  they  could. 

Sir  Thomas  Roe,  well  knowen  to  be  a  most  noble  Gen- 
tlemen, before  he  went  Lord  Ambassadour  to  the  Great 
Magoll,  or  the  Great  Turke,  spent  a  yeare  or  two  upon  this 
Coast,  and  about  the  River  of  the  Amazones-,  wherein  he 
most  imployed  Captaine  Matthew  Morton  [pp.  5,  91],  an 
expert  Sea-man  in  the  discoverie  of  this  famous  River :  a 
Gentleman  that  was  the  first  shot  and  mortally  supposed 
wounded  to  death  with  me  in  Virginia,  yet  since  hath  beene 
twice  with  command  in  the  East  Indies.  Also  Captaine 
William  White,  and  divers  others  worthy  and  industrious 
Gentlemen,  both  before  and  since,  hath  spent  much  time 
and  charge  to  discover  it  more  perfitly ;  but  nothing  more 
effected  for  a  Plantation,  till  it  was  undertaken  by  Captaine 
Robert  Harcote,  1609. 

This  worthy  Gentleman,  after  he  had  by  Commission 
made  a  discoverie  to  his  minde,  left  his  brother  Michael 
Harcote,  with  some  fiftie  or  sixtie  men  in  the  River  Weapoco, 
and  so  presently  returned  to  England,  where  be  obtained 
by  the  favour  of  Prince  Hcnrie,  a  large  Patent  for  all  that 
Coast  called  Guiana,  together  with  the  famous  River  of 
Amazones,  to  him  and  his  heires  :  but  so  many  troubles 
here  surprized  him,  though  he  did  his  best  to  supply  them, 
he  was  not  able;  only  some  few  hee  sent  over  as  passengers 
with  certain e  Dutch-men,  but  to  small  purpose. 

Thus  this  businesse  lay  dead  for  divers  yeeres,  till  Sir 
Walter  Rauleigh,  accompanied  with  many  valiant  Souldie 
and  brave  Gentlemen,  went  his  last  voyage  to  Guiana  [1617 
amongst  the  which  was  Captaine  Roger  North,  brother 
the  Right  Honourable  the  Lord  Dudley  North,  who  upo 
this  voyage  having  stayed  and  seene  divers  Rivers  upon 
this  Coast,  tooke  such  a  liking  to  those  Countreyes: 
having  had  before  this  voyage  more  perfect  and  particular 
information  of  the  excellencie  of  the  great  River  of  the 
Amazones  above  any  of  the  rest,  by  certaine  Englishmen 


Captain 
Harcote. 


I 

m 


Ed* b A^ef 5sS J  voyages  made  into  Guiana.]  89; 

returned  so  rich  from  thence  in  good  commodities,  they  [1617-26] 
would  not  goe  with  Sir  Walter  Rauleigh  in  search  of  gold  ; 
that  after  his  returne  for  England,  he  endevoured  by  his 
best  abilities  to  interest  his  Countrey  and  state  in  those 
faire  Regions,  which  by  the  way  of  Letters  Patents  unto 
divers  Noblemen  and  Gentlemen  of  qualitie,  erected  into 
a  company  and  perpetuitie  for  trade  and  plantation,  not 
knowing  of  the  Interest  of  Captaine  Harcote. 

Whereupon  accompanied  with  120.  Gentlemen  and  Captaine 
others,  with  a  ship,  a  pinnace,  and  two  shallops,  to  remaine  North. 
in  the  Countrey,  hee  set  saile  from  Plimouth  the  last  of 
April  1620;  and  within  seven  weekes  after  hee  arrived  well 
in  the  Amazones,  only  with  the  losse  of  one  old  man  :  some 
hundred  leagues  they  ran  up  the  River  to  settle  his  men, 
where  the  sight  of  the  Countrey  and  people  so  contented 
them,  that  never  men  thought  themselves  more  happie. 
Some  English  and  Irish  that  had  lived  there  some  eight 
yeeres  [1612-1620],  only  supplyed  by  the  Dutch;  hee  re- 
duced [joined]  to  his  company  and  to  leave  the  Dutch. 

Having  made  a  good  voyage,  to  the  value  of  more  than 
the  charge,  he  returned  to  England  with  divers  good  [50] 
commodities,  besides  Tobacco. 

So  that  it  may  well  be  conceived,  that  if  this  action  had 
not  beene  thus  crossed,  the  Generalitie  of  England  had  by 
this  time  beene  wonne  and  encouraged  therein.  But  the 
time  was  not  yet  come,  that  God  would  have  this  great 
businesse  effected,  by  reason  of  the  great  power  the  Lord 
Gundamore,  Ambassadour  for  the  King  of  Spaine,  had  in 
England,  to  crosse  and  ruine  those  proceedings :  and  so  un- 
fortunate Captaine  North  was  in  this  businesse,  hee  was 
twice  committed  prisoner  to  the  Tower,  and  the  goods 
detained  till  they  were  spoiled ;  who  beyond  all  others  was 
by  much  the  greatest  Adventurer  and  Loser. 

Notwithstanding  all  this,  those  that  he  had  left  in  the  Nota  benc. 
Amazons  would  not  abandon  the  Countrey.  Captaine 
Thomas  Painton,  a  worthy  Gentleman,  his  Lieutenant, 
[being]  dead:  Captaine  Charles  Parker,  brother  to  the  Right 
Honourable  the  Lord  Morley,  lived  there  six  yeares  after  ; 
Master  Iohn  Christmas,  five  yeares;  so  well,  they  would  not 
returne,  although  they  might,  with  divers  other  Gentle- 
men of  qualitie   and  others:   all  thus   destitute  of  any 

57 


898  [A  brief  Discourse  of  divers  Ed  byAJugsT6*. 

[1626-9]  supplyes  from  England.  But  all  authoritie  being  dissolved, 
want  of  government  did  more  wrong  their  proceedings, 
than  all  other  crosses  whatsoever.  Some  releefe  they  had 
sometime  from  the  Dutch;  who  knowing  their  estates,  gave 
what  they  pleased  and  tooke  what  they  list. 

Two  brothers,  Gentlemen,  Thomas  and  William  Hixon, 
who  stayed  three  yeares  there,  are  now  gone  to  stay  in 
the  Amazons,  in  the  ships  lately  sent  thither. 

1 /.  900.]  The  businesse  thus  remaining  in  this  sort,  three  private 

men  left  of  that  Company,  named  Master  Thomas  Warriner, 
Iohn  Rhodes,  and  Robert  Bims,  having  lived  there  about 
two  yeares,  came  for  England :  and  to  be  free  from  the 
disorders  that  did  grow  in  the  Amazons  for  want  of 
Government  amongst  their  Countrey-men,  and  to  be  quiet 
amongst  themselves,  made  meanes  to  set  themselves  out 
for  St.  Christophers ;  their  whole  number  being  but  fifteene 
persons,  that  payed  for  their  passage  in  a  ship  going  for 
Virginia :  where  they  remained  a  yeare  [28  Jan.  1623  to 
18  Mar.  1624,  see  p.  900]  before  they  were  supplyed,  and 
then  that  was  but  foure  or  five  men. 

Thus  this  He,  by  this  small  beginning,  having  no  inter- 
ruption by  their  owne  Countrey,  hath  now  got  the  start 
of  the  Continent  and  maine  Land  of  Guiana,  which  hath 
beene  layd  apart  and  let  alone  untill  that  Captaine  North, 
ever  watching  his  best  opportunitie  and  advantage  of  time 
in  the  state,  hath  now  againe  pursued  and  set  on  foot  his 
former  designe.  Captaine  Harcote  being  now  willing  to 
surrender  his  grant,  and  to  joyne  with  Captaine  North  in 
passing  a  new  Patent,  and  to  erect  a  company  for  trade 
and  plantation  in  the  Amazons,  and  all  the  Coast  and 
Countrey  of  Guiana  for  ever. 

Whereupon  they  have  sent  this  present  yeare  in  Ianuari 
[1629],  and  since  1628.  foure  ships  with  neere  two  hundn 
persons;  [of]  the  first  ship  with  112  men,  not  one  miscarrie 
the  rest  went  since,  [and  are]  not  yet  heard  of,  and  [that]  are 
preparing  another  with  their  best  expedition.  And  since 
Ianuarie  [1629]  is  gone  from  Holland,  100.  English  and 
Irish,  conducted  by  the  old  Planters. 

This  great  River  lieth  under  the  Line,  the  two  chiefe 


rie 
ed 
d; 


™'  byAigsT^:]  voyages  made  into  Guiana.]  899 

head  lands  North  and  South,  are  about  three  degrees  [1628^9] 
asunder,  the  mouth  of  it  is  [51]  so  full  of  many  great 
and  small  lies,  it  is  an  easie  matter  for  an  unexperienced 
Pilot  to  lose  his  way.  It  is  held  one  of  the  greatest 
rivers  in  America,  and  as  most  men  thinke,  in  the  world: 
and  commeth  downe  with  such  a  fresh,  it  maketh  the  Sea 
fresh  more  than  thirtie  miles  from  the  shore. 

Captaine  North  having  seated  his  men  about  an  hundred 
leagues  in  the  Maine,  sent  Captaine  William  White,  with 
thirtie  Gentlemen  and  others,  in  a  pinnace  of  thirtie  tun, 
to  discover  further :  which  they  did  some  two  hundred 
leagues,  where  they  found  the  River  to  divide  it  selfe  in 
two  parts,  till  then  all  full  of  Hands,  and  a  Countrey 
most  healthfull,  pleasant  and  fruitful ;  for  they  found  food 
enough,  and  all  returned  safe  and  in  good  health. 

In  this  discoverie,  they  saw  many  Townes  well  inhabited, 
some  with  three  hundred  people,  some  with  five,  six,  or 
seven  hundred ;  and  of  some  they  understood  to  be  of  so 
many  thousands,  most  differing  verie  much,  especially  in 
their  languages :  whereof  they  suppose  by  those  Indians 
they  understand,  are  many  hundreds  more,  unfrequented 
till  hen  by  any  Christian ;  most  of  them  starke  naked, 
botl  men,  women  and  children,  but  they  saw  not  any 
suc.i  giant-like  women  as  the  Rivers  name  importeth. 

But  for  those  where  Captaine  North  hath  seated  his 
company,  it  is  not  knowen  where  Indians  were  ever  so 
kinde  to  any  Nation  ;  not  sparing  any  paines,  danger  or 
labour,  to  feed  and  maintaine  them.  The  English  follow- 
ing their  buildings,  fortifications  and  sugar-workes ;  for 
which  they  have  sent  most  expert  men,  and  with  them  all 
things  necessarie  for  that  purpose :  to  effect  which,  they 
want  not  the  helpe  of  those  kinde  Indians  to  produce  ;  and 
many  other  good  commodities,  which  (God  willing)  will 
ere  long  make  plaine  and  apparent  to  this  Kingdome, 
and  all  the  Adventurers  and  Well-willers  to  this  Plan- 
tation, to  bee  well  worthy  the  cherishing  and  following 
with  all  alacritie. 


1623. 


CHAPTER    XXV 


The  beginning  and  proceedings  of  the  new  plantation 
0/  St.  Christopher  by  Captaine  Warner. 


[1623-4]  2 


KHeru 


1624. 


Aster  Ralfe  Merifield  and  others,  having 
furnished  this  worthy  industrious 
Gentleman,  hee  arrived  at  St.  Chris- 
tophers, as  is  said,  with  fifteene  men, 
the  28.  of  Ianuarie,  1623.  viz.  William 
Tested,  Iohn  Rhodes,  Robert  Dims,  Mas- 
ter Benifield,  Sergeant  I  ones,  Master 
Ware,  William  Royle,  Rowland  Grascocke, 
Master  Bond,  Master  Langley,  Master  Weaver,  Edward 
Warner  their  Captaines  sonne  (and  now  Deputy-Governour 
till  his  fathers  returne),  Sergeant  Aplon,  one  Sailor  and  a 
Cooke. 

At  their  arrivall  they  found  three  French-men,  who  sought 
to  oppose  Captaine  Warner,  and  to  set  the  Indians  upon 
us ;  but  at  last  we  all  became  friends,  and  lived  with  the 
Indians  a  moneth.  Then  we  built  a  Fort,  and  a  house : 
and  planting  fruits,  by  September  [1623]  we  made  a  crop 
of  Tobacco  ;  but  upon  the  nineteenth  of  September  came 
a  Hericano  and  blew  it  away  :  all  this  while  wee  lived  upon 
Cassada  bread,  Potatoes,  Plantines,  Pines,  [52]  Turtels 
Guanes  [lizards,  p.  904],  and  fish  plentie;  for  drinke  we 
had  Nicnobbie. 

The  18.  of  March  1624.  arrived  Captaine  Jefferson  wit 
three  men  passengers  in  the  Hope-well  of  London,  with 
some  trade  for  the  Indians,  and  then  we  had  another 
crop  of  Tobacco.  In  the  meane  time  the  French  had 
planted  themselves  in  the  other  end  of  the  He ;  with  this 


11 

: 

h 


Ed'byAJugSi9:  Beginning  £fc.  of  plantation  of  St.  Christopher.]  901 

crop  Captaine  Warner  returned  for  England  in  September,  [1625-7] 
1625. 

In  his  absence  came  in  a  French  pinnace,  under  the  1625. 
command  of  Monsieur  de  Nombe,  that  told  us  the  Indians 
had  slaine  some  French-men  in  other  of  the  Charybes  lies, 
and  that  there  were  six  Peryagoes,  which  are  huge  great 
trees  formed  as  your  Canowes,  but  so  laid  out  on  the  sides 
with  boords,  they  will  seeme  like  a  little  Gaily. 

Six  of  those,  with  about  foure  or  five  hundred  strange  Their  fight 
Indians,  came  unto  us.     We  bade  them  be  gone,  but  they  indUau. 
would  not;  whereupon  we  and  the  French  joyned  together, 
and  upon  the  fifth  of  November  [1625]  set  upon  them,  and 
put  them  to  flight. 

Upon  New-yeares  Even  [31  Dec.  1625]  they  came  againe, 
found  three  English  going  about  the  He,  whom  they  slue. 

Untill  the  fourth  of  August  [1626],  we  stood  upon  our  1626. 
guard,  living  upon  the  spoile  and  did  nothing. 

But  now  Captaine  Warner  arriving  againe  with  neere 
an  hundred  people,  then  we  fell  to  worke  and  planting  as 
before ;  but  upon  the  fourth  of  September,  came  such  a 
Hericano,  as  blewe  downe  all  our  houses,  Tobacco,  and  AHericana 
two  Drums  into  the  aire  we  know  not  whither,  [and]  drove 
two  ships  on  shore  that  were  both  split. 

All  our  provision  thus  lost,  we  were  very  miserable, 
living  onely  on  what  we  could  get  in  the  wilde  woods. 
We  made  a  small  party  of  French  and  English  to  goe 
aboord  for  provision :  but  in  their  returning  home,  eight  |j|[jjh 
French  men  were  slaine  in  the  harbour.  siaine. 

Thus  wee  continued  till  neere  Iune  that  the    Tortels  1627. 
came  in,  1627.  :  but  the  French  being  like[ly]  to  starve, 
sought  to  surprize  us,  and  all  the  Cassado,  Potato [e]s,  and 
Tobacco  we  had  planted,  but  we  did  prevent  them. 

The  26.  of  October  [1627],  came  in  Captaine  William 
Smith,  in  the  Hopewell,  with  some  Ordnance,  shot  and  pow- 
der, from  the  Earle  of  Carlile  ;  with  Captaine  Pelham  and 
thirty  men.  About  that  time  also  came  the  Plow  ;  also  a 
small  ship  of  Bristow,  with  Captaine  Warners  wife,  and 
six  or  seven  women  more. 

Vpon  the  25.  of  November  [1627],  the  Indians  set  upon  J^M 
the  French,  for  some  injury  about  their  women ;  and  slew  six  siaine. 
and  twentie  French  men,  five  English,  and  three  Indians* 


ships. 


902  \The  beginning  and  proceedings  of  the       Ed- by^^. 

[1627-9]  Their  weapons  are  bowes  and  arrowes ;  their  bowes  are 
never  bent,  but  the  string  lies  flat  to  the  bow  ;  their 
arrowes  [are]  a  small  reed,  foure  or  five  foot  long,  headed 
some  with  the  poysoned  sting  of  the  taile  of  a  Stingray, 
some  with  iron,  some  with  wood,  but  all  so  poysoned,  that 
if  they  draw  but  bloud,  the  hurt  is  incurable. 
^ma™^1  The  next  day  [26  Nov.  1627]  came  in  Captaine  Charles 
!hi£ish  Saltonstall,  a  young  Gentleman,  son  of  Sir  Samuell  Salton- 
stall, who  Drought  with  him  good  store  of  all  commodities  to 
releeve  the  plantation ;  but  by  reason  some  Hollanders,  and 
others,  had  bin  there  lately  before  him,  who  carried  away 
with  them  all  the  Tobacco,  he  was  forced  to  put  away  all 
his  commodities  upon  trust  till  the  next  crop ;  in  the 
meane  time  hee  resolved  there  to  stay,  and  imploy  him- 
selfe  and  his  company  in  planting  Tobacco,  hoping  [53] 
thereby  to  make  a  voyage.  But  before  he  could  be  ready 
to  returne  for  England,  a  Hericano  hapning,  his  ship  was 
split,  to  his  great  losse,  being  sole  Merchant  and  owner 
himselfe,  notwithstanding  forced  to  pay  to  the  Governour, 
the  fift  part  of  his  Tobacco,  and  for  fraught  to  England, 
three  pence  a  pound,  and  nine  pence  a  pound  custome, 
which  amounts  together  to  more  than  threescore  pound 
in  the  hundred  pound,  to  the  great  discouragement  of 
him  and  many  others,  that  intended  well  to  those  plan- 
tations. 

Neverthelesse  he  is  gone  againe  this  present  yeare 
1629.  with  a  ship  of  about  three  hundred  tunnes,  and 
very  neere  two  hundred  people,  with  Sir  William  Tuffton 
Governour  for  the  Barbados,  and  divers  gentlemen,  and  all 
manner  of  commodities  fit  for  a  plantation. 

Captaine  Prinne,  Captaine  Stone,  and  divers  others, 
came  in  about  Christmas  [1628] ;  so  that  this  last  yeare  [1628] 
there  hath  beene  about  thirtie  saile  of  English,  French,  and 
Dutch  ships;  and  all  the  Indians  [are]  forced  out  of  the  He : 
for  they  had  done  much  mischiefe  amongst  the  French,  in 
cutting  their  throats,  burning  their  houses,  and  spoyling 
their  Tobacco.  Amongst  the  rest  Tegramund,  a  little  childe 
the  Kings  sonne,  his  parents  being  slaine  or  fled,  was  by 
great  chance  saved,  and  carefully  brought  to  England  by 
Master  Merifield,  who  brought  him  from  thence,  and 
bringeth  him  up  as  his  owne  children. 


Ed-b^smith.         new  plantation  of  §1.  Christopher.]  903 

It  lyeth  seventeene  degrees  Northward  of  the  line,  about  [1629] 
an  hundred  and  twenty  leagues  from  the  Cape  de  tres  t^.  tion 
Puntas,  the  neerest  maine  land  in  America.  It  is  about  eight  ofSth"piie.n 
leagues  in  length,  and  foure  in  bredth  ;  an  Hand  amongst 
100.  lies  in  the  West  Indies,  called  the  Caribes,  where  ordi- 
narily all  them  that  frequent  the  West  Indies,  refresh 
themselves.  Those  most  of  them  are  rocky,  little,  and 
mountainous,  yet  frequented  with  the  Canibals ;  many  of 
them  inhabited,  as  Saint  Domingo,  Saint  Mattalin,  Saint 
Lucia,  Saint  Vincent,  Granada  and  Margarita,  to  the  South- 
ward ;  Northward,  none  but  Saint  Christophers,  and  it  but 
lately :  yet  they  will  be  ranging  Marigalanta,  Guardalupo, 
Deceado,  Monserat,  Antigua,  Mevis,  Bernardo,  Saint  Martin, 
Saint  Bartholomew.  But  the  worst  of  the  foure  lies  pos- 
sessed by  the  Spanyard,  as  Portorico,  or  I am[a]ica,  is  better 
than  them  all ;  as  for  Hispaniola,  and  Cuba,  they  are  worthy 
the  title  of  two  rich  Kingdomes :  the  rest  [are]  not  respected 
by  the  Spanyards,  for  want  of  harbors ;  and  their  better 
choice  of  good  land,  and  profit  in  the  maine  [Mainland], 

But  Captaine  Warner,  having  beene  very  familiar  with 
Captain  Painton  in  the  Amazon,  hearing  his  information 
of  this  St.  Christophers ;  and  having  made  a  yeares  tryall, 
as  it  is  said,  returned  for  England,  joyning  with  Master 
Merifield,  and  his  friends,  got  Letters  Pattents,  from  King 
lames,  to  plant  and  possesse  it. 

Since  then,  the  Right  Honourable  the  Earle  of  Carlile, 
hath  got  Letters  Pattents  also,  not  only  of  that,  but  all  the 
Caribes  lies  about  it,  who  is  now  chiefe  Lord  of  them,  and 
the  English  his  tenants,  that  doe  possesse  them;  over 
whom  he  appointeth  such  Governours  and  Officers,  as 
their  affaires  require;  and  although  there  be  a  great 
custome  imposed  upon  them,  considering  their  other 
charges,  both  to  feed  and  maintaine  themselves ;  yet  there 
is  there,  and  now  a  going,  neere  upon  the  number  of  three 
thousand  people  :  where  by  reason  of  the  rockinesse  and 
thicknesse  of  the  woods  in  the  He,  it  is  [54]  difficult  to 
passe,  and  such  a  snuffe  [breakers]  of  the  Sea  goeth  on  the 
shore,  ten  may  better  defend  than  fifty  assault.  In  this  He  ™esep™JJ 
are  many  springs,  but  yet  water  is  scarce  againe  in  many  season* 
places;  the  valleyes  and  sides  of  the  hills  very  fertile,  but  the 


904  \The  beginning  and  proceedings  of  the       Ed' byAJugsT6at 

[1629]  mountaines  harsh,  and  of  a  sulphurous  composition ;  all 
overgrowne  with  Palmetasy  Cotten  trees,  Lignum  vitce,  and 
divers  other  sorts,  but  none  like  any  in  Christendomey 
except  those  carried  thither.  The  aire  [is]  very  pleasant  and 
healthfull,  but  exceeding  hot,  yet  so  tempered  with  coole 
breaths,  it  seemes  very  temperate  to  them  that  are  a 
little  used  to  it ;  the  trees  being  alwaies  greene,  the  daies 
and  nights  alwayes  very  neere  equall  in  length,  alwayes 
Summer ;  only  they  have  in  their  seasons  great  gusts  and 
raines,  and  sometimes  a  Hericano,  which  is  an  over- 
growne and  a  most  violent  storme. 

hatching       *n  some  °f  those  lies,  are  cattell,  goats,  and  hogges, 

eggesfor  but  here  none  but  what  they  must  carry;  Gwanes 
they  have,  which  is  a  little  harmlesse  beast,  like  a 
Crokadell,  or  Aligator,  very  fat  and  good  meat.  She  layes 
egges  in  the  sand,  as  doth  the  land  Crabs,  which  live  here 
in  abundance,  like  Conies  in  Boroughs,  unlesse  about 
May,  when  they  come  downe  to  the  Sea  side,  to  lay  in 
the  sand,  as  the  other ;  and  all  their  egges  are  hatched  by 
the  heat  of  the  Sunne. 

Fish.  From  May  to  September  they  have  good  store  of  Tor- 

tasses,  that  come  out  of  the  Sea  to  lay  their  egges  in  the 
sand,  and  are  hatched  as  the  other ;  they  will  lay  halfe  a 
pecke  at  a  time,  and  neere  a  bushell  ere  they  have  done  ; 
and  are  round  like  Tenis-balls :  this  fish  is  like  veale  in 
taste,  the  fat  of  a  brownish  colour  very  good  and  whol- 
some.  We  seeke  them  in  the  nights,  where  we  finde  them 
on  shore,  we  turne  them  upon  their  backs,  till  the  next 
day  we  fetch  them  home.  For  they  can  never  returne  them- 
selves, being  so  hard  a  cart  may  goe  over  them  ;  and  so 
bigge,  one  will  suffice  forty  or  fifty  men  to  dinner.  Divers 
sorts  of  other  fish  they  have  in  abundance,  and  Prawnes 
most  great  and  excellent,  but  none  will  keepe  sweet  scarce 
twelve  houres. 

Birds.  The  best   and   greatest   is   a   Passer  Flaminga,  which 

walking  at  her  length  is  as  tall  as  a  man;  Pigeons  and 
Turtle  Doves  in  abundance;  some  Parrots,  wilde  Hawkes, 
but  divers  other  sorts  of  good  Sea  fowle,  whose  names  we 
know  not. 

Root*.  Cassado  is  a  root  planted  in  the  ground,  of  a  wonderfull 

increase,  and  will  make  very  good  white  bread  :  but  the 


Ed,byAJugs?S:         new  plantation  of  St.  Christopher.]  905 

juyce  ranke  poyson,  yet  boyled,  better  than  wine  ;  Potatos,      [1629] 
Cabbages,  and  Radish  plenty. 

Mayes,  like  the  Virginia  wheat ;  we  have  Pine-apples, 
neere  so  bigge  as  an  Hartichocke,  but  the  most  daintiest 
taste  of  any  fruit ;  Plantains,  an  excellent,  and  a  most 
increasing  fruit ;  Apples,  Prickell  Peares,  and  Pease  but 
differing  all  from  ours.  There  is  Pepper  that  groweth  in 
a  little  red  huske,  as  bigge  as  a  Walnut,  about  foure 
inches  in  length,  but  the  long  cods  are  small,  and  much 
stronger,  and  better  for  use,  than  that  from  the  East  Indies. 

There  is  two  sorts  of  Cotten,  the  silke  Cotten  as  in  the 
East  Indies,  groweth  upon  a  small  stalke,  as  good  for  beds 
as  downe ;  the  other  upon  a  shrub,  and  beareth  a  cod 
bigger  than  a  Walnut,  full  of  Cotten  wooll.  Anotto  also 
groweth  upon  a  shrub,  with  a  cod  like  the  other,  and  nine 
or  ten  on  a  bunch,  full  of  Anotto,  very  [55]  good  for  Dyers, 
though  wilde.  Sugar  Canes,  not  tame,  4.  or  5.  foot  high ; 
also  Masticke,  and  Locus  trees ;  great  and  hard  timber, 
Gourds,  Muske  Melons,  Water  Melons,  Lettice,  Parsly; 
all  places  naturally  beare  purslaine  of  it  selfe ;  Sope-berries 
like  a  Musket-bullet,  that  washeth  as  white  as  Sope ;  in 
the  middle  of  the  root  is  a  thing  like  a  sedge,  a  very  good 
fruit,  we  call  Pengromes.  A  Pappaw  is  as  great  as  an 
apple,  coloured  like  an  Orange,  and  good  to  eat.  A  small 
hard  nut,  like  a  hazell  nut,  growes  close  to  the  ground, 
and  like  this  growes  on  the  Palmetas,  which  we  call  a 
Mucca  nut.  Mustard-seed  will  grow  to  a  great  tree,  but 
beares  no  seed,  yet  the  leaves  will  make  good  mustard. 
The  Mancinell  tree  the  fruit  is  poyson ;  good  figs  in  abun- 
dance :  but  the  Palmeta  serveth  to  build  Forts  and  houses, 
the  leaves  to  cover  them,  and  many  other  uses  ;  the  juyce 
we  draw  from"  them  (till  we  sucke  them  to  death)  is  held 
restorative :  and  the  top  for  meat  doth  serve  us  as  Cabbage. 

But  oft  we  want  poudered  [salted]  Beefe,  and  Bacon,  and 
many  other  needfull  necessaries. 

By  Thomas  Simons,  Row/and  Grascocke, 
Nicholas  Burgh,  and  others. 


CHAPTER    XXVI. 


A  descrip- 
tion of  the 
lie. 


The  first  planting  of  the  Barbados. 

S^g^jP  He  Barbados  lies  South-west  andby  South, 
an  hundred  leagues  from  Saint  Chris- 
tophers, threescore  leagues  West  and 
South  from  Trinidado,  and  some  foure- 
score  leagues  from  Cape  de  Salinos,  the 
next  part  of  the  maine. 

The  first  planters  brought  thither  by 
Captaine  Henry  Powel,  were  forty  Eng- 
lish with  seven  or  eight  Negros :  then  he  went  to  Disacuba 
in  the  maine,  where  he  got  thirty  Indians,  men,  women, 
and  children,  of  the  Arawacos,  enemies  both  to  the  Caribes, 
and  the  Spaniards. 

The  He  is  most  like  a  triangle,  each  side  forty  or  fifty 
miles  square ;  some  exceeding  great  rocks,  but  the  most 
part  exceeding  good  ground;  abounding  with  an  infinite 
number  of  Swine,  some  Turtles,  and  many  sorts  of  excel- 
lent fish  ;  many  great  ponds  wherein  is  Ducke  and  Mal- 
lard ;  excellent  clay  for  pots,  wood  and  stone  for  building, 
and  a  spring  neere  the  middest  of  the  He,  of  Bitume:  which 
is  a  liquid  mixture  like  Tarre,  that  by  the  great  raines 
falls  from  the  tops  of  the  mountaines ;  it  floats  upon  the 
water  in  such  abundance,  that  drying  up,  it  remaines  like 
great  rocks  of  pitch,  and  as  good  as  pitch  for  any  use. 
Fruits  and  The  Mancinell  apple,  is  of  a  most  pleasant  sweet  smell, 
of  the  bignesse  of  a  Crab,  but  ranke  poyson,  yet  the  Swine 
and  Birds  have  wit  to  shun  it ;  great  store  of  exceeding 
great  Locus  trees,  two  or  three  fadome  about,  of  a  great 


Ed'  ^ug'T^:        The  first  planting  of  the  Barbadoes.]  907 

height,  that  beareth  a  cod  full  of  meale,  [that]  will  make  [1627] 
bread  in  time  of  necessity.  A  tree  like  a  Pine,  beareth  a  fruit 
so  great  as  a  Muske  Melon,  which  hath  alwayes  ripe  fruit, 
flowers,  or  greene  fruit,  which  will  refresh  two  or  three  men, 
and  very  comfortable ;  Plumb  trees  [56]  many,  the  fruit 
great  and  yellow,  which  but  strained  into  water  in  foure 
and  twenty  houres  will  be  very  good  drinke  ;  wilde  figge 
trees  there  are  many.  All  those  fruits  doe  fat  the  hogges ; 
yet  at  some  times  of  the  yeare  they  are  so  leane,  as 
carrion ;  Gwane  trees  beare  a  fruit  so  bigge  as  a  Peare, 
good  and  wholsome ;  Palmetaes  of  three  severall  sorts ; 
Papawes,  Prickle  Peares  good  to  eat  or  make  drinke; 
Cedar  trees  very  tall  and  great ;  Fusticke  trees  are  very 
great  and  the  wood  yellow,  good  for  dying ;  sope  berries, 
the  kernell  so  bigge  as  a  sloe,  and  good  to  eat ;  Pumpeons 
in  abundance ;  Goads  [gourds]  so  great  as  will  make  good 
great  bottles,  and,  cut  in  two  peeces,  good  dishes  and  platters; 
many  small  brooks  of  very  good  water;  Ginni  wheat, 
Cassado,  Pines  and  Plantaines.  All  things  we  there  plant 
doe  grow  exceedingly,  so  well  as  Tobacco.  The  come, 
pease,  and  beanes,  cut  but  away  the  stalke,  young  sprigs 
will  grow,  and  so  beare  fruit  for  many  yeares  together, 
without  any  more  planting.  The  He  is  overgrowne  with 
wod  or  great  reeds,  those  wods  which  are  soft  are  exceed- 
ing light  and  full  of  pitch  ;  and  those  that  are  hard,  are  so 
hard  and  great,  they  are  as  hard  to  cut  as  stone. 

Master  Iohn  Powell  came  thither  the  fourth  of  August  JJjJg^ 
1627.  with  forty  five  men,  where  we  stayed  three  weeks,  and 
then  returning,  left  behind  us  about  an  hundred  people, 
and  his  sonne  Iohn  Powell  for  his  Deputy,  as  Governour. 

But  there  have  beene  so  many  factions  amongst  them, 
I  cannot  from  so  many  variable  relations  give  you  any 
certainty  for  their  orderly  Government :  for  all  those 
plenties,  much  misery  they  have  endured,  in  regard  of 
their  weaknesse  at  their  landing,  and  long  stay  without 
supplies;  therefore  those  that  goe  thither,  it  were  good 
they  carry  good  provision  with  them ;  but  the  He  is  most 
healthfull,  and  all  things  planted  doe  increase  abundantly: 
and  by  this  time  there  is,  and  now  a  going,  about  the 
number  of  fifteene  or  sixteene  hundred  people. 


908 


[The  first  planting  of  the  Barbadoes.]  ^hy^gstt 


[1627-9]  Sir  William  Curtine,  and  Captaine  Iohn  Powell,  were 
the  first  and  chiefe  adventurers  to  the  planting  this 
fortunate  He ;  which  had  beene  oft  frequented  by  men  of 
Warre  to  refresh  themselves,  and  set  up  their  shallops ; 
being  so  farre  remote  from  the  rest  of  the  lies,  they  never 
were  troubled  with  any  of  the  Indies.  Harbours  they  have 
none,  but  exceeding  good  Rodes ;  which  with  a  small 
charge  might  bee  very  well  fortified.  It  doth  ebbe  and  flow 
foure  or  five  foot,  and  they  cannot  perceive  there  hath 
ever  beene  any  Hericano  in  that  He. 

From  the  relations  of  Captaine  Iohn  White, 
and  Captaine  IVo  her  stone. 


CHAPTER    XXVII 


'The  first  plantation  of  the  He  0/*  Me  vis. 

Ecause  I  have  ranged  and  lived  amongst      [1607] 
those  Hands  ;  what  my  authours  cannot 
tell  me,  I  think  it  no  great  errour  in 
helping  them  to  tell  it  my  selfe. 

In  this  little  lie  of  Mevis,  more  than  The 
twenty  yeares  [57]  agoe  [28  Mar. — 2  Apr.  0f BSE0 
1607;    see  pp.  lix,    go,   386].      I   have 
remained  a  good  time  together,  to  wo  [o]  d, 
and  water  and  refresh  my  men.    It  is  all  woddy,  but  by 
the  Sea  side  Southward  there  are  sands  like  downes,  where 
a  thousand  men  may  quarter  themselves  conveniently ; 
but  in  most  places  the  wod  groweth  close  to  the  water 
side,  at  a  high  water  marke,  and  in  some  places  so  thicke 
of  a  soft  spungy  wood  like  a  wilde  figge  tree,  you  cannot 
get  through  it,  but  by  making  your  way  with  hatchets,  or 
f  auchions.   Whether  it  was  the  dew  of  those  trees,  or  of  some 
others,  I  am  not  certain,  but  many  of  our  men  became  so  The  Bath, 
tormented  with  a  burning  swelling  all  over  their  bodies, 
they  seemed  like  scalded  men,  and  neere  mad  with  paine. 

Here  we  found  a  great  Poole,  wherein  bathing  them- 
selves, they  found  much  ease ;  and  finding  it  fed  with  a 
pleasant  small  streame  that  came  out  of  the  woods,  we 
found  the  head  halfe  a  mile  within  the  land,  distilling 
from  a  many  of  rocks,  by  which  they  were  well  cured  in 
two  or  three  dayes. 


910  The  Travells  and  Observations  of  Capt.  I.  Smith,  f"  j.fSi'iS 

LAug.  1629. 

[1607-28]  Such  factions  here  we  had,  as  commonly  attend  such 
voyages,  that  a  paire  of  gallowes  was  made ;  but  Captaine 

[/.xjrfL]  Smith,  for  whom  they  were  intended,  could  not  be  per- 
swaded  to  use  them  :  but  not  any  one  of  the  inventers 
but  their  lives  by  justice  fell  into  his  power  to  determine 
of  at  his  pleasure;  whom  with  much  mercy  he  favoured, 
that  most  basely  and  unjustly  would  have  betrayed  him. 


miSSon.  The  *ast  yeare,  1628.,  Master  Littleton,  with  some 
others  got  a  Pattent  of  the  Earle  of  Carlile,  to  plant  the 
He  called  the  Barbados,  thirty  leagues  Northward  of  Saint 
Christophers;  which  by  report  of  their  informers,  and 
undertakers,  for  the  excellencie  and  pleasantnesse  thereof, 
they  called  Dulcina,  but  when  they  came  there,  they 
found  it  such  a  barren  rocke,  they  left  it. 

Although  they  were  told  as  much  before,  they  would  not 
beleeve  it,  perswading  themselves,  those  contradicters 
would  get  it  for  themselves,  was  thus  by  their  cunning 
opinion,  the  deceiver  of  themselves  ;  for  seeing  it  lie  con- 
veniently for  their  purpose  in  a  map,  they  had  not  patience 
to  know  the  goodnesse  or  badnesse,  the  inconvenience  nor 
pp.  892,  probabilities  of  the  quality,  nor  quantity ;  which  errour 
941,943]  doth  predominate  in  most  of  our  homebred  adventurers, 
that  will  have  all  things  as  they  conceit  and  would  have 
it ;  and  the  more  they  contradicted,  the  more  hot  they  are. 

But  you  may  see,  by  many  examples  in  the  generall  his- 
tory, how  difficult  a  matter  it  is,  to  gather  the  truth  from 
amongst  so  many  forren  and  severall  relations,  except  you 
have  exceeding  good  experience  both  of  the  Countries, 
people,  and  their  conditions :  and  those  ignorant  under- 
takings, have  beene  the  greatest  hinderance  of  all  those 
plantations. 
Their^  At  last  because  they  would  be  absolute,  they  came  to 

Mevis,  a  little  He  by  Saint  Christophers  ;  where  they  seated 
themselves,  well  furnished  with  all  necessaries :  being 
about  the  number  of  an  hundred,  and  since  increased  to 
an  hundred  and  fifty  persons ;  whereof  many  were  old 
planters  of  Saint  Christophers,  especially  Master  Anthony 
Hinton,  and  Master  Edward  Thompson. 

But  because  all  those  lies  for  most  part  are  so  capable 


numbers. 


""  byAugST6*:     The  first  Panting  of  the  Isle  of  Mevis.']  9 1 1 

to  produce,  and  in  nature  like  each  other,  let  this  discourse  [1607-29] 
serve  for  the  description  of  them  all. 


Hus  much  concerning  those  plantations,  which 
now  after  all  this  time,  losse,  and  charge,  should 
they  be  abandoned,  suppressed,  and  dissolved, 
were  most  lamentable ;  and  surely  seeing  they 
all  strive  so  much  about  this  Tobacco,  and  that  the  fraught 
thereof,  and  other  charges  are  so  great,  and  so  open  to  any 
enemie ;  by  that  commodity  they  cannot  long  subsist. 

And  it  is  a  wonder  to  me  to  see  such  miracles  of  mis- 
chiefes  in  men ;  how  [58]  greedily  they  persue  to  dispossesse 
the  planters  of  the  Name  of  Christ  Iesus,  yet  say  they  are 
Christians,  when  so  much  of  the  world  is  unpossessed ; 
yea,  and  better  land  than  they  so  much  strive  for,  mur- 
thering  so  many  Christians,  burning  and  spoiling  so  many 
cities,  villages,  and  Countries,  and  subverting  so  many 
kingdomes,  when  so  much  lieth  [v]vast[e],  or  only  possessed 
by  a  few  poore  Savages,  that  more  serve  the  Devill  for 
feare,  than  God  for  love :  whose  ignorance  we  pretend  to 
reforme,  but  couetousnesse,  humours,  ambition,  faction, 
and  pride,  hath  so  many  instruments,  we  performe  very 
little  to  any  purpose ;  nor  is  there  either  honour  or  profit 
to  be  got  by  any  that  are  so  vile,  to  undertake  the  sub- 
version, or  hinderance  of  any  honest  intended  christian 
plantation. 


Smith. 


Ow  to  conclude  the  travels  and  adventures  ^rt^o{ 
of  Captaine  Smith;  how  first  he  planted  Vir-  Captaine 
ginia,  and  was  set  ashore  with  about  an  hun- 
dred men  in  the  wilde  woods  ;  how  he  was 
taken  prisoner  by  the  Savages,  by  the  King  of  Pamaunkc 
tied  to  a  tree  to  be  shot  to  death,  led  up  and  downe  their 
Country  to  be  shewed  for  a  wonder ;  fatted  as  he  thought, 
for  a  sacrifice  for  their  Idoll ;  before  whom  they  conjured 
him  three  dayes,  with  strange  dances  and  invocations; 
then  brought  him  before  their  Emperor  Powhatan,  that 
commanded  him  to  be  slaine ;  how  his  daughter  Pocahontas 


912  The  Travells  and Observations  of  Capt.  I.  Smith.  [~  _,.!£;& 

L  Aug.  1629. 

[1608-16]  saved  his  life,  returned  him  to  James  towne,  releeved  him 
and  his  famished  company,  which  was  but  eight  and  thirty 
to  possesse  those  large  dominions ;  how  he  discovered  all 
the  severall  nations  upon  the  rivers  falling  into  the  Bay 
of  Chisapeacke ;  stung  neere  to  death  with  a  most  poysoned 
taile  of  a  fish  called  Stingray  :  how  [he  drave]  Powhatan 
out  of  his  Country,  tooke  the  Kings  of  Pamaunke  and 
Paspahegh  prisoners,  forced  thirty  nine  of  those  Kings  to 
pay  him  contribution,  [and]  subjected  all  the  Savages: 
how  Smith  was  blowne  up  with  gunpowder,  and  returned 
for  England  to  be  cured : 

Also  how  hee  brought  our  new  England  to  the  subjec- 
tion of  the  Kingdome  of  great  Britainc ;  his  fights  with 
the  Pirats,  left  alone  amongst  a  many  French  men  ot 
Warre,  and  his  ship  ran  from  him ;  his  Sea-fights  for  the 
French  against  the  Spaniards,  their  bad  usage  of  him, 
how  in  France  in  a  little  boat  he  escaped  them ;  was 
adrift  all  such  a  stormy  night  at  Sea  by  himselfe,  when 
thirteene  French  ships  were  split,  or  driven  on  shore  by 
the  He  of  Ree,  the  generall  and  most  of  his  men  drowned, 
when  God  to  whom  be  all  honour  and  praise,  brought  him 
safe  on  shore  to  all  their  admirations  that  escaped  :  you 
may  read  at  large  in  his  generall  history  of  Virginia,  the 
Summer  lies,  and  New  England. 


CHAPTER    XXVIII 


The  bad  life,  qualities  and  conditions  of  Pyrats  ;  and 
how  they  taught  the  Turks  and  Moores  to 
become  men  of  warre. 

S  in  all  lands  where  there  are  many  [1588- 
people,  there  are  some  theeves,  so  in  1603] 
all  Seas  much  frequented,  there  are 
some  pyrats ;  the  most  ancient  within 
the  memory  of  threescore  yeares  was 
one  Callis,  who  most  refreshed  himselfe 
upon  the  Coast  of  Wales ;  Clinton  and 
Pursser  his  companions,  who  grew 
famous,  till  Queene  Elizabeth  of  blessed  memory,  hanged 
[59]  them  at  Wapping ;  Flemming  was  as  expert  and  as 
much  sought  for  as  they,  yet  such  a  friend  to  his  Country, 
that  discovering  the  Spanish  Armado,  he  voluntarily  came 
to  Plimouth,  yeelded  himselfe  freely  to  my  Lord  Admirall, 
and  gave  him  notice  of  the  Spaniards  comming;  which 
good  warning  came  so  happily  and  unexpectedly,  that  he 
had  his  pardon,  and  a  good  reward. 

Some  few  Pirats  there  then  remained  ;  notwithstanding 
it  is  incredible  how  many  great  and  rich  prizes  the  little 
barques  of  the   West   Country   daily  brought   home,  in 
regard   of   their  small   charge ;   for  there   are   so  many 
difficulties  in  a  great  Navy,  by  wind  and  weather,  victuall,  The 
sicknesse,  losing  and  finding  one  another,  they  seldome  ofa^rel? 
defray  halfe   the   charge:   but   for  the  grace,  state,   and  Navie- 
defence  of  the  Coast  and  narrow  Seas,  a  great  Navy  is 
most   necessary,  but   not   to   attempt   any  farre  voyage, 

58 


914  [The  bad  life,  qualities,  and  conditions  of  Py rats.  A{g: 


Smith. 
1629. 


[J 603-29]  except  there  be  such  a  competent  stocke,  [that]  the  want 
not   wherewith    to    furnish   and  supply   all   things   with 
expedition.     But  to  the  purpose, 
what  After  the  death  of  our  most  gracious  Queene   Elizabeth, 

pirau.one  of  blessed  memory,  our  Royall  King  lames,  who  from  his 
infancie  had  reigned  in  peace  with  all  Nations,  had  no 
imployment  for  those  men  of  warre,  so  that  those  that 
were  rich  rested  with  that  they  had;  those  that  were 
poore  and  had  nothing  but  from  hand  to  mouth,  turned 
Pirats ;  some,  because  they  became  sleighted  of  those  for 
whom  they  had  got  much  wealth;  some,  for  that  they 
could  not  get  their  due ;  some,  that  had  lived  bravely, 
would  not  abase  themselves  to  poverty ;  some  vainly,  only 
to  get  a  name ;  others  for  revenge,  covetousnesse,  or  as 
ill ;  and  as  they  found  themselves  more  and  more  op- 
pressed, their  passions  increasing  with  discontent,  made 
them  turne  Pirats. 

Their  chide  Now  because  they  grew  hatefull  to  all  Christian  Princes, 
they  retired  to  Barbary,  where  although  there  be  not  many 
good  Harbours  but  Tunis,  Argier,  Sally,  Mamora,  and 
Tituane,  there  are  many  convenient  Rodes,  or  the  open 
Sea,  which  is  theire  chiefe  Lordship.  For  their  best  har- 
bours Massalqueber,  the  townes  of  Oran,  Mellila,  Tanger, 
and  Cuta,  within  the  Streights,  are  possessed  by  the 
Spaniards;  without  the  Streights  they  have  also  Arzella, 
and  Mazagan ;  Mamora  likewise  they  [the  Spaniards]  have 
lately  taken,  and  fortified. 

Ward,  a  poore  English  sailer,  and  Dansker  a  Dutchman, 
made  first  here  their  Marts,  when  the  Moores  knew  scarce 
how  to  saile  a  ship;  Bishop  was  Ancient,  and  did  little 
hurt ;  but  Easton  got  so  much,  as  made  himselfe  a 
Marquesse  in  Savoy;  and  Ward  lived  like  a  Bashaw  in 
Barbary ;  those  were  the  first  that  taught  the  Moores  to 
be  men  of  warre. 

Genninp,Harris,T[h]ompson,a.n6.  divers  others,  were  taken 
in  Ireland,  a  Coast  they  much  frequented,  and  died  [i.e.,  were 
hanged]  at  Wapping.  Hemes,  Bough,  Smith,  Walsmgam, 
Ellis,  Collins,  Sawkwell,  Wollistone,  Barrow,  Wilson,  Sayres, 
and  divers  others,  all  these  were  Captaines  amongst  the 
Pirats  ;  whom  King  James  mercifully  pardoned :  and  was 


AJugST6!£    The  bad  life,  qualities,  and  conditions  of  Py rats.']  915 

it  not  strange,  a  few  of  these  should  command  the  Seas.  [1629] 
Notwithstanding  the  Malteses,  the  Pope,  Florentines,  Geno- 
eses,  Dutch,  and  English,  Gallies  and  Men  of  Warre;  they 
would  rob  before  their  faces,  and  even  at  their  owne  Ports, 
yet  seldome  more  than  three,  foure,  five  or  six  in  a  Fleet : 
many  times  they  had  very  good  ships,  and  well  manned, 
but  commonly  in  such  factions  amongst  themselves,  and  ^nej[tions 
so  riotous,  quarrellous,  treacherous,  blasphemous,  and  vil- 
lanous,  [that]  it  is  more  than  a  wonder  they  could  so  long 
continue,  to  doe  so  much  mischiefe ;  and  all  they  got,  they 
basely  consumed  it  amongst  Jewes,  Turks,  Moores,  and 
whores. 

The  best  was,  they  would  seldome  goe  to  Sea,  so  long 
as  they  could  [60]  possibly  live  on  shore,  being  compiled 
of  English,  French,  Dutch,  and  Moores,  (but  very  few  Span- 
yards,  or  Italians)  commonly  running  one  from  another, 
till  they  became  so  disjoynted,  disordered,  debawched,  and 
miserable,  that  the  Turks  and  Moores  beganne  to  command 
them  as  slaves,  and  force  them  to  instruct  them  in  their 
best  skill :  which  many  an  accursed  runnagado  or  Christian  Runna- 
turned  Turke,  did,  till  they  have  made  those  Sally  men,  or  gados- 
Moores  of  Barbary  so  powerfull  as  they  be,  to  the  terror  of 
all  the  Straights,  and  many  times  they  take  purchase  [prizes] 
in  the  maine  Ocean,  yea  sometimes  even  in  the  narrow  Seas 
in  England,  and  those  are  the  most  cruell  villaines  in  Turkie, 
or  Barbarie ;  whose  natives  are  very  noble,  and  of  good 
natures,  in  comparison  of  them. 


To  conclude,  the  misery  of  a  Pirate  (although  many  are 


Advertise^ 
ments  tor 


as  sufficient  Sea-men  as  any)  yet  in  regard  of  his  super-  wiide 
fluity,  you  shall  finde  it  such,  that  any  wise  man  would 
rather  live  amongst  wilde  beasts  than  them;  therefore  let 
all  unadvised  persons  take  heed,  how  they  entertaine  that 
quality  :  and  I  could  wish  Merchants,  Gentlemen,  and  all 
setters  forth  of  ships,  not  to  bee  sparing  of  a  competent 
pay,  nor  true  payment ;  for  neither  Souldiers  nor  Sea-men 
can  live  without  meanes,  but  necessity  will  force  them  to 
steale ;  and  when  they  are  once  entered  into  that  trade, 
they  are  hardly  reclaimed. 

Those  titles  of  Sea-men  and  Souldiers,  have  beene  most 


9 1 6   [  The  bad  life,  qualities  and  conditions  of  Pyrats.  A{gs 


Smith. 
1629. 


[1629]      worthily  honoured  and  esteemed,  but  now  regarded  for 
most   part,   but   as   the  scumme  of  the  world;   regaine 
therefore  your  wonted  reputations,  and  endevour  rather 
to   adventure  to   those  faire   plantations  of  our  English 
Nation ;  which  however  in  the  beginning  were  scorned 
and  contemned,   yet   now  you  see  how  many  rich   and 
gallant  people  come  from  thence,  who  went  thither  as 
poore  as  any  Souldiev  or  Sailer,  and  gets  more  in  one 
yeare,  than  you  by  Piracie  in  seven.     I  intreat  you  there- 
fore to  consider  how  many  thousands  yearely  goe  thither ; 
also  how  many  Ships  and  Sailers  are  imployed  to 
transport  them,  and  what  custome  they  yearely 
pay  to  our  most  Royall  King  Charles;  whose 
prosperity  and  his  Kingdomes  good,  I 
humbly  beseech  the  immortall 
God  ever  to  preserve 
and  increase. 

FINIS. 


ADVERTISEMENTS 

For  the  unexperienced  Planters  of 

New- England,  or  any  where. 

O  R 

The  Path-way  to  experience  to  erect  a 

Plantation. 

With  the  yearely  proceedings  of  this  Country  in  Fishing 

and  Planting,  since  the  yeare  1614.  to  the  yeare  1630. 

and  their  present  estate. 

Also  how  to  prevent  the  greatest  inconveniences,  by  their 

proceedings  in  Virginia,  and  other  Plantations, 

by  approved  examples. 

With  the  Countries  Armes,  a  description  of  the  Coast, 

Harbours,  Habitations,  Land-markes,  Latitude  and 

Longitude  :  with  the  Map,  allowed  by  our  Royal 

King  Charles. 


By  Captaine  Iohn  Smith,  sometimes  Governour  of 
V  1  r  g  1  n  1  a,  and  Admirall  of  N  e  vv  -  E  n  g  l  a  n  d. 


London, 

Printed  by  Iohn  Haviland,  and  are  to  be  sold  by 

Robert  Milbovrne,  at  the  Grey-hound 

in  Pauls  Church-yard.     I  6  3  1  , 


[This  Work,  the  last  one  completed  by  our  Author,  was  evidently 
written  as  a  mark  of  good  will  to  the  Massachusetts  Planters  under 
Governor  Winthrop,  who  founded  Boston  in  1630. 

It  was  evidently  written  in  October  1630,  as  the  passage  on  p.  955 
shews  ;  though  it  bears  1631  on  the  title  page. 

We  even  know  where  it  was  written. 

"  The  high  grove  or  tuft  of  trees  upon  the  high  hill  by  the  house  of 
that  worthy  Knight  Sir  Humphrey  Mildmay,  so  remarkable  in  Essex 
in  the  Parish  of  Dan&ery,  where  I  writ  this  discourse,  but  much  taller 
and  greater."    p.  950. 

Though  stated  on  the  title  page  to  be  for  sale,  it  was  not  entered 
for  publication  at  Stationers'  Hall,  London. 

For  the  bibliography  of  this  Work  see^.  cxxxii. 

"To  the  prevention  whereof,  I  have  not  beene  more  willing,  at  the 
request  of  my  friends  to  print  this  discourse,  than  I  am  ready  to  live 
and  dye  among  you,  upon  conditions  su[i]ting  my  calling  and  pro- 
fession to  make  good  ;  and  [to  make]  Virginia  and  New-England, 
my  heires,  executors,  administrators  and  assignes."  pp.  963-4.] 


Coat  of  Arms  of  New  England. 


Q20  The  Epistle  Dcdicatorie.  [JcS*: 

To  the  Most  Reverend  Father  in   God, 

George    Lord  Arch-Bishop  of  Canterbvrie 

his  Grace,  Primate  and  Metrapolitan  of 

all  England: 

AND 

The  Right  Reverend  Father  in  God, 

Samvel  Lord  Arch-Bishop  of  Torke 

bis  Grace,  Primate  and  Metrapolitan  of 

England. 

$&Mll\Y  most  Gracious  Good  Lords,  I  desire  tc 
leave  testimony  to  the  world,  how  highly 
I  honour  as  well  the  Miter  as  the  Lance : 
therefore  where  my  last  Booke  presented  three  most 
honourable  Earles  with  a  subject  of  Warre  \_p.  8o8], 
and  received  from  them  favourable  acceptance :  the 
worke  I  now  prosecute,  concerning  the  Plantation 
of  New  England,  for  the  increase  of  Gods  Church, 
converting  Salvages,  and  enlarging  the  Kings 
Dominions,  prostrates  it  selfe  humbly  to  your  Graces  ; 
who  as  you  are  in  the  name  of  Prelacy  to  this 
Kingdome,  so  you  are  to  mee  in  goodnesse,  both 
Fathers  and  Protectors  unexpectedly.  God  long 
preserve  your  Gracious  lives,  and  continue  favour 
Vnto  both  your  Graces  most 

devoted  servant, 

Iohn    Smith. 


To  the  Reader, 


Honest    Reader. 

Pelles  by  the  proportion  of  a  foot,  could  make  the 
whole  proportion  of  a  man :  were  hee  now  living, 
he  might  goe  to  schoole,  for  now  are  thousands 
can  by  opinion  proportion  Kingdomes,  Cities,  and  Lordships, 
that  never  durst  adventure  to  see  them.  Malignancy,  I  expect 
from  those,  [that]  have  lived  10.  or  12.  yeares  in  those  actions, 
and  returne  as  wise  as  they  went,  claiming  time  and  experience 
for  their  tutor,  that  can  neither  shift  Sun  nor  Moone,  nor  say 
their  Compasse,  yet  will  tell  you  of  more  than  all  the  world, 
betwixt  the  Exchange,  Pauls  and  Westminster;  so  it  be 
newes,  it  matters  not  what,  that  will  passe  currant  when  truth 
must  be  stayed  with  an  army  of  conceits  that  can  make  or  marre 
anything,  and  tell  as  well  what  all  England  is  by  seeing  but 
Milford  haven,  as  what  Apelles  was  by  the  picture  of  his  great  toe. 

Now  because  examples  give  a  quicker  impression  than  argu- 
ments, I  have  writ  this  discourse  to  satisfie  understanding, 
wisdome,  and  honesty  ;  and  not  such  as  can  doe  nothing  but  finde 
fault  with  what  they  neither  know  nor  can  amend. 

So  I  rest 

Your  friend 

lohn  Smith. 


[1630] 


T/ie  Sea  Marke. 


[1630]         Aloofe,  aloofe  ;  and  come  no  neare, 

the  dangers  doe  appeare ; 
Which  if  my  ruine  had  not  beene 

you  had  not  seene  : 
I  onely  lie  upon  this  shelfe 
to  be  a  marke  to  all 
which  on  the  same  might  fall, 
That  none  may  perish  but  ray  selfe. 


If  in  or  outward  you  be  bound, 

doe  not  forget  to  sound 
Neglect  of  that  was  cause  of  this 

to  steare  amisse. 
The  Seas  were  calme,  the  wind  was  faire 
that  made  me  so  secure, 
that  now  I  must  indure 
All  weathers  be  they  foule  or  faire. 


The  Winters  cold,  the  Summers  heat 

alternatively  beat 
Upon  my  bruised  sides,  that  rue 

because  too  true 
That  no  releefe  can  ever  come. 

But  why  should  I  despaire 
being  promised  so  faire 
That  there  shall  be  a  day  of  Dome. 


The  Contents. 


Chap.  i.  XyA  WlfcHat  people  they  are  that  begin 
this  plantation,  the  bane  of 
Virginia :  strange  misprisions 
of  wise  men [p.  925] 

2.  Needlesse  custome,  effect  of  flattery,  cause 
of  misery,  factions,  carelesse  government, 
the  dissolving  [of]  the  Company  and  Patent  [p.  930] 

3.  A  great  comfort  to  new  England,  it  is  no 
Hand,  a  strange  plague [p.  931] 

4.  Our  right  to  those  Countries,  true  reasons 
for  plantations,  rare  examples [p.  934] 

5.  My  first  voyage  to  new  England,  my 
returne  and  profit [p,  936] 

6.  A  description  of  the  Coast,  Harbours, 
Habitations,  Landmarks,  Latitude,  Lon- 
gitude, with  the  map [p.  938] 

7.  New  'Engla.nds  year ely  trials,  the  planting 
[of]  new  Plimoth,  suprisals  prevented, 
their  wonderfull  industry  and  fishing.    ...  [p  940] 


924  The  Contents.  [Jcts»£ 

Chap.  8.  Extremity  next  despaire,  Gods  great 
mercy,  their  estate,  they  make  good  salt, 
an  unknowne  rich  myne [^.942] 

9.  Notes  worth  observation,  miser ablenesse  no 

good  husbandry [p.  944] 

10.  The  mistaking  of  Patents,  strange  effects, 
incouragements  for  servants [^.946] 

11.  The  planting  [of]  Bastable  or  Salem 
and  Charlton,  a  description  of  the  Mas- 
sachusetts  [p.  948] 

12.  Extraordinary  meanes  for  building,  many 
caveats,  increase  of  come,  how  to  spoyle 

the  woods  for  any  thing,  their  healths.  ...  [p.  951] 

13.  Their  great  supplies,  present  estate  and 
accidents,  advantage [p,  953] 

14.  Ecclesiasticall  government  in  Virginia, 
authority  from  the  Arch  Bishop,  their 
beginning  at  Bastable  now  called  Salem,  [p.  957] 

15.  The  true  modell  of  a  plantation,  tenure, 
increase  of  trade,  true  examples,  necessity 
of  expert  Souldiers,  the  names  of  all  the 
first  discoverers  for  plantations  and  their 
actions,  what  is  requisite  to  be  in  the 
Governour  of  a  plantation,  the  expedition[s] 

of  Queene  Elizabeths  Sea  Captaines.    ...  [p.  960] 


925 


ADVERTISEMENTS: 

OR, 

The   Path-way  to   Experience 
to  erect  a    Plantation. 


CHAPTER    I. 

What  people  they  are  that  beginne  this  plantation:  the 
bane  0/*  Virginia  :  strange  misprisions  of  wise  men. 

'°§&^fi£^3p  He  Warres  in  Europe,  Asia,  and  Africa, 
J}  taught  me  how  to  subdue  the  wilde 
Salvages  in  Virginia  and  New-England, 
in  America;  which  now  after  many  a 
stormy  blast  of  ignorant  contradictors, 
projectors,  and  undertakers,  both  they 
and  I  have  beene  so  tossed  and  tortured 
into  so  many   extremities,  as  despaire 


[1630] 


926  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [J^ 


Smith. 
1630. 


[1629-30]  was  the  next  wee  both  [2]  expected,  till  it  pleased  God  now  at 
last  to  stirre  up  some  good  mindes,  that  I  hope  will  produce 
felory  to  God,  honour  to  his  Majesty,  and  profit  to  his 
«Kingdomes :  although  all  our  Plantations  have  beene  so 
foyled  and  abused,  their  best  good  willers  have  beene  for  the 
most  part  discouraged,  and  their  good  intents  disgraced,  as 
the  generall  History  of  them  will  at  large  truly  relate  [to] 
you. 
NoBrownUt      Pardon  me  if  I  offend  in  loving  that  I  have  cherished 
n°ath/a~     truly,  by  the   losse  of  my  prime  fortunes,  meanes,  and 
admiittd.     y0uth  :  If  it  over-glad  me  to  see  Industry  her  selfe  ad- 
venture now  to  make  use  of  my  aged  ende[a]vours,  not  by 
such  (I  hope)  as  rumour  doth  report,  a  many  of  discon- 
tented Brownists,  Anabaptists,  Papists,  Puritans,  Separa- 
tists, and  such  factious  Humorists :  for  no  such  they  will 
suffer  among  them,  if  knowne,  as  many  of  the  chiefe  of 
them  [John  Winthrop  &c]  have  assured  mee ;  and  the  much 
conferences  I  have  had  with  many  of  them,  doth  confidently 
perswade  me  to  write  thus  much  in  their  behalfe. 

I  meane  not  the  Brownists  of  Leyden  and  Amsterdam  at 
New-Plimoth,  who  although  by  accident,  ignorance,  and 
wilfulnesse,  [they]  have  endured,  with  awonderfull  patience, 
many  losses  and  extremities ;  yet  they  subsist  and  prosper 
so  well,  not  any  of  them  will  abandon  the  Country,  but  to 
the  utmost  of  their  powers  increase  their  numbers.  But 
wiiatthey  of  thosewhich  are  gone  within  thiseighteenemoneths  [April 
T/gintuthis  1629 — Oct.  1630]  for  Cape  Anne,  and  the  Bay  of  the  Massa- 
'•  chusets.  Thosewhich  are  their  chiefe  Vndertakers  are  Gen- 
tlemen of  good  estate,  some  of  500,  some  a  thousand  pound 
land  a  yeere,  all  which  they  say  they  willsellfortheadvancing 
[of]  this  harmlesse  and  pious  worke;  men  of  good  credit  and 
well-beloved  in  their  Country  [district],  not  such  as  flye  for 
debt,  or  any  scandall  at  home ;  and  are  good  Catholike 
Protestants  according  to  the  reformed  Church  of  England, 
if  not,  it  is  well  they  are  gone.  The  rest  of  them  men  of 
good  meanes,  or  Arts,  Occupations,  and  Qualities,  much 
more  fit  for  such  a  businesse,  and  better  furnished  of  all 
necessaries  if  they  arrive  well,  than  was  ever  any  Plantation 
went  out  of  England. 

I  will  not  say  but  some  of  them  may  be  more  precise  than 
needs,  nor  that  they  all  be  so  good  as  they  should  be ;  [3] 


oct^a]         or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  927 

for  Christ  had  but  twelve  apostles,  and  one  was  a  traitor  :  [1622-30] 
and  if  there  be  no  dissemblers  among  them,  it  is  more  than 
a  wonder  ;  therefore  doe  not  condemne  all  for  some.  But 
however  they  have  as  good  authority  from  his  Majesty  as 
they  could  desire :  if  they  doe  ill,  the  losse  is  but  their 
owne;  if  well,  a  great  glory  and  exceeding  good  to  this 
Kingdome,  to  make  good  at  last  what  all  our  former  con- 
clusions have  disgraced. 

Now  they  take  not  that  course  the  Virginia  company  The  bane  oj 
did  for  the  Planters  there,  their  purses  and  lives  were  Vireinm- 
subject  to  some  few  here  in  London  who  were  never  there, 
that  consumed  all  in  Arguments,  Projects,  and  their  owne 
conceits :  every  yeare  trying  new  conclusions,  altering  every 
thing  yearely  as  they  altered  opinions,  till  they  had 
consumed  more  than  two  hundred  thousand  pounds,  and 
neere  eight  thousand  mens  lives. 

It  is  true,  in  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  1622.  they  were,  the 
Company  in  England  say  7.  or  8.  thousand  :  the  Counsell 
in  Virginia  say  but  2200.  or  thereabouts,  English  in- 
differently well  furnished  with  most  necessaries,  and  many 
of  them  grew  to  that  height  of  bravery,  living  in  that  plenty 
and  excesse,  that  went  thither  not  worth  any  thing,  [that] 
made  the  Company  here  thinke  all  the  world  was  Oatmeale 
there;  and  all  this  proceeded  by  surviving  those  that  died  : 
nor  were  they  ignorant  to  use  as  curious  tricks  there  as 
here,  and  out  of  the  juice  of  Tabacco,  which  at  first  they 
sold  at  such  good  rates,  they  regarded  nothing  but  Tabacco; 
a  commodity  then  so  vendable,  it  provided  them  all  things. 
And  the  loving  Salvages  their  kinde  friends,  they  trained 
so  well  up  to  shoot  in  a  Peece,  to  hunt  and  kill  them  fowle, 
they  became  more  expert  than  our  owne  Country-men ; 
whose  labours  were  more  profitable  to  their  Masters  in 
planting  Tabacco  and  other  businesse. 


The 
differences 


This  superfluity  caused  my  poore  beginnings[to  be]  scorned, 
or  to  be  spoken  of  but  with  much  derision,  that  never  sent  tttwixtmy 
Ship  from  thence  fraught,  but  onely  some  small  quantities  &5JSL, 
of  Wainscot,  Clap-board,  Pitch,  Tar,  Rosin,  Sope-ashes,  %£j%iH^ 
Glasse,  Cedar,  Cypresse,  Blacke  Walnut,  Knees  for  Ships,  ffiy^ 
Ash  for  Pikes,  Iron  Ore  none  better,  some  Silver  Ore  but 
so  poore  it  was  not  regarded ;  better  there  may  be,  for  I 


[/.  93a.] 


928  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [oa^o! 

[1607-9]  was  no  Mineralist;  [4]  some  Sturgion,  but  it  was  too  tart  of 

the  Vinegar  (which  was  of  my  owne  store,  for  little  came 

from  them  which  was  good)  ;  and  Wine  of  the  Countries 

wilde  Grapes,  but  it  was  too  sowre ;  yet  better  than  they 

{Smith's      sent  us  any>  [which  was]  in  two  or  three  years  but  one 

ironical  de-    Hogshead  of  Claret.     Onely  spending  my  time  to  revenge 

scnption  of  °.  .  xU      u  i  •  *.  o    i 

themaii-  my  imprisonment  upon  the  harmlesse  innocent  Salvages, 
agafnit^fs"  who  by  my  cruelty  I  forced  to  feed  me  with  their  contribu- 
tes ^lon »  anc*  to  senc*  anv  [who]  offended  my  idle  humour  to 
lames  towne  to  punish  at  mine  owne  discretion  ;  or  keepe 
their  Kings  and  subjects  in  chaines,  and  make  them  worke. 
Things  cleane  contrary  to  my  Commission ;  whilst  I 
and  my  company  tooke  our  needlesse  pleasures  in  dis- 
covering the  Countries  about  us,  building  of  Forts,  and 
such  unnecessary  fooleries,  where  an  Egge-shell  (as  they 
writ)  had  beene  sufficient  against  such  enemies  ;  neglecting 
to  answer  the  Merchants  expectations  with  profit,  feeding 
the  Company  onely  with  Letters  and  tastes  of  such  com- 
modities as  we  writ  the  Country  would  afford  in  time  by 
industry,  as  Silke,  Wines,  Oyles  of  Olives,  Rape,  and 
Linsed,  Rasons,  Prunes,  Flax,  Hempe,  and  Iron.  As  for 
Tobacco,  wee  never  then  dreamt  of  it. 

Now  because  I  sent  not  their  ships  full  fraught  home 

with  those  commodities ;  they  kindly  writ  to  me,  if  we 

[A  44*1      failed  the  next  returne,  they  would   leave   us   there   as 

banished  men,  as  if  houses  and  all  those  commodities  did 

grow  naturally,  only  for  us  to  take  at  our  pleasure  ;  with 

Astranjrt    such   tedious   Letters,  directions,  and   instructions,  and 

»£?£».*    most  contrary  to  that  was  fitting,  we  did  admire  [wonder] 

how  it  was  possible   such   wise  men  could   so   torment 

themselves   an(i_us   with   such   strange   absurdities   and 

^impossibilities:' 'making  Religion   their  colour,  when  all 

atheir  aime  was  nothing  but  present  profit,  as  most  plainly 

\ppearec^  by  sending  us  so  many  Refiners,  Gold-smiths, 

Iewellers,  Lapidaries,  Stone-cutters,  Tobacco-pipe-makere, 

Imbroderers,  Perfumers,   Silkemen,  with    [not   only]    all 

their  appurtenances  but  materialls,  and  all  those  had  great 

summes  out  of  the  common  stocke;  and  [were]  so  many 

spies  and  super-intendents  over  us,  as  if  they  supposed  we 

would turne  Rebels,  all  striving[5]  to  suppresse  and  advance 

they  knew  not  what. 


dwfSfeS  or  a  Path- way  to  erect  the  Plantation.  929 

At  last  [they]  got  a  Commission  in  their  owne  names,  [1609  24] 
promising  the  King  custome  within  seven  yeares,  where  [as] 
we  were  free  for  one  and  twenty;  appointing  the  Lord 
De-la-ware  for  Governour,  with  as  many  great  and  stately 
officers,  and  offices  under  him,  as  doth  belong  to  a  great 
Kingdome,  with  good  summes  for  their  extraordinary 
expences;  also  privileges  for  Cities;  Charters  for  Corpora- 
tions, Universities,  Free-scholes,  and  Glebe-land ;  putting 
all  those  in  practice  before  there  was  either  people,  students, 
or  schollers  to  build  or  use  them,  or  provision  or  victuall 
to  feed  them  [that]  were  then  there  :  and  to  amend  this, 
most  of  the  Tradesmen  in  London  that  would  adventure 
but  twelue  pounds  ten  shillings,  had  the  furnishing  [of]  the 
Company  of  all  such  things  as  belonged  to  his  trade, 
such  jug[g]ling  there  was  betwixt  them,  and  such  intru- 
ding Committies  [Committee  men]  their  associats,  that  all 
the  trash  they  could  get  in  London  was  sent  us  to  Virginia, 
they  being  well  payed  [as]  for  that  [which]  was  good. 

Much  they  blamed  us  for  not  converting  the  Salvages,* 
when  those  they  sent  us  were  little  better,  if  not  worse  ;W 
nor  did  they  all,  convert  any  of  those  [natives]  we  sent 
them  to  England  for  that  purpose.  So  doating  of  Mines  of 
gold,  and  the  South  Sea;  that  all  the  world  could  not  have 
devised  better  courses  to  bring  us  to  ruine  than  they  did 
themselves,  with  many  more  such  like  strange  conceits. 

By  this  you  may  avoid  the  like  inconveniences,  and  take 
heed  by  those  examples,  you  have  not  too  many  irons  in 
the  fire  at  once ;  neither  such  change  of  Governours,  nor 
such  a  multitude  of  Officers;  neither  more  Masters,  Gentle- 
men, Gentlewomen,  and  children,  than  you  have  men  to 
worke,  which  idle  charge  you  will  finde  very  troublesome, 
and  the  effects  dangerous :  and  one  hundred  good  labourers  $' *|*] 
better  than  a  thousand  such  Gallants  as  were  sent  me, 
that  would  doe  nothing  but  complaine,  curse,  and  despaire,* 
when  they  saw  our  miseries  and  all  things  so  clean  contrary  |ty\ 
to  the  report  in  England;  yet  must  I  provide  as  well  for 
them  as  for  my  selfe.  [6] 


59 


930  Advertisements  for  the  unexperienced,  [<£t! 


Smith 
1630. 


CHAPTER    II. 

Needle  sse  custome,  effect  of  flattery,  cause  of  misery, 

factions,  carelesse  government,  the  dissolving  the 

Company  and  Patent. 

[1607-9]  Jj^Ej]  JjjrHis  the  Mariners  and  Saylers  did  ever  all  they 
could  to  conceale ;  who  had  alwayes  good  fare, 
and  good  pay  for  the  most  part,  and  part  out 
of  our  owne  purses:  never  caring  how  long  they 
stayed  upon  their  voyage,  daily  feasting  before  our  faces; 
when  wee  lived  upon  a  little  corne  and  water,  and  not  halfe 
enough  of  that,  the  most  of  which  we  had  from  amongst 
the  Salvages.  Now  although  there  be  Deere  in  the 
woods,  Fish  in  the  rivers,  and  Fowles  in  abundance  in 
their  seasons :  yet  the  woods  are  so  wide,  the  rivers  so 
broad,  and  the  beasts  so  wild,  and  wee  so  unskilfull  to 
catch  them,  wee  little  troubled  them  nor  they  us. 

For  all  this,  our  letters  that  still  signified  unto  them  the 
plaine  truth,  would  not  be  beleeved,  because  they  required 
such  things  as  was  most  necessary :  but  their  opinion  was 
otherwayes,  for  they  desired  but  to  packe  over  so  many 
as  they  could,  saying  necessity  would  make  them  get 
victuals  for  themselves,  as  for  good  labourers  they  were 
more  usefull  here  in  England. 

But  they  found  it  otherwayes ;  the  charge  was  all  one  to 
tM  487,616.]  send  a  workman  as  a  roarer ;  whose  clamors  to  appease,  we 
had  much  adoe  to  get  fish  and  corne  to  maintaine  them 
from  one  supply  till  another  came  with  more  loyterers 
without  victuals  still  to  make  us  worse  and  worse,  for  the  most 
of  them  would  rather  starve  thanworke:  yet  had  it  not  beene 
[Miss, 472]  for  some  few  that  were  Gentlemen,  both  by  birth,  industry, 

and  discretion,  we  could  not  possibly  have  subsisted. 

Takehttd        Many  did  urge  I  might  have  forced  them  to  it,  having 

jf^dln0**    authority  that  extended  so  farre  as  death  :  but  I  say,  having 

England,      neither  meat,  drinke,  lodging,  pay,  nor  hope  of  any  thing 

or  preferment ;  and  seeing  the  Merchants  onely  did  what 

they  listed  with  all  they  wrought  for,  I  know  not  what 

punishment  could  be   greater  than   that   they  indured ; 


octS^]  or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation. 


93i 


which  miseries  caused  us  alwaies  to  be  in  factions :  the[1609-30] 
most  part  striving  [7]  by  any  meanes  to  abandon  the 
Country,  and  I  with  my  party  to  prevent  them  and  cause 
them  stay.  But  indeed  the  cause  of  our  factions  was  bred 
here  in  England,  and  grew  to  that  maturity  among  them- 
selves that  spoyled  all,  as  all  the  Kingdome  and  other 
Nations  can  too  well  testifie. 

Yet  in  the  yeare  1622.  there  were  about  seven  or  eight 
thousand  English,  as  hath  beene  said  [see  p.  927],  so  well 
trained,  secure,  and  well  furnished,  as  they  reported  and 
conceited.  These  simple  Salvages,  their  bosome  friends,  I 
so  much  oppressed,  had  laid  their  plot  how  to  cut  all  their 
throats  in  a  morning :  and  upon  the  22.  of  March  [1622],  jjjjj  . 
so  innocently  attempted  it,  they  slew  three  hundred  forty  viST"' 
seven,  set  their  houses  on  fire,  slew  their  cattell,  and 
brought  them  to  that  distraction  and  confusion  [that] 
within  lesse  than  a  yeare,  there  were  not  many  more  than 
two  thousand  remaining. 

The  which  losse  to  repaire  the  company  did  what  they 
could,  till  they  had  consumed  all  their  stocke  [capital]  as 
is  said :  then  they  broke  [became  bankrupt],  not  making  any 
account,  nor  giving  satisfaction  to  the  Lords,  Planters, 
Adventurers,  nor  any ;  whose  noble  intents  had  referred  the 
managing  of  this  intricate  businesse  to  a  few  that  lost 
not  by  it.  So  that  his  Majesty  recalled  their  Commission  H<™the 
[June  1624] :  and  [that]  by  more  iust  cause  then  they  £S. 
perswaded  King  lames  to  call  in  ours  [in  1609],  which  were 
the  first  beginners,  without  our  knowledge  or  consent, 
disposing  of  us  and  all  our  indevours  at  their  pleasures. 


CHAPTER     III. 


A  great  comfort  to  new  England,  //  is  no  Hand: 
a  strange  plague. 

Otwithstanding  since  they  have  beene   left    in  Tht 

a   manner,   as   it   were,    to   themselves,   they  $*^S2 

have  increased    [by  Oct.    1630]  their  numbers  vt^iSa. 
to  foure  or  five  thousand  [pp.  885-7] >  an<*  neere  as 


932  Advertisements  for  the  vncxperienced,  [JctfS^ 

[1606-3  many  catell,  with  plenty  of  Goats:  abundance  of  Swine 
Poultry  and  Corne,  that  as  they  report,  they  have  suffi- 
cient and  to  spare,  to  entertaine  three  or  foure  hundred 
people,  which  is  much  better  than  to  have  many 
people  more  than  provision. 

Now  having  glutted  the  world  with  their  too  [8]  much 

overabounding  Tabacco  :    Reason,  or  necessity,  or  both, 

will  cause  them,  I  hope,  [to]  learne  in  time  better  to  fortifie 

themselves,  and   make  better  use  of  the  trials  of  their 

r/.9a7j       grosse  commodities  that  I  have  propounded,  and  at  the 

first  sent  over :  and  were  it  not  a  lamentable  dishonour  so 

goodly  a  Countrey  after  so  much  cost,  losse,  and  trouble, 

should  now  in  this  estate  not  bee  regarded  and  supplied. 

Agrtat  And  to  those  of  New-England  may  it  not  be  a  great 

comfort  for  comfort  to  have  so  neare  a  neighbour  of  their  owne  Nation, 

vFrf£3"r  tnat  mav  furnish  them  with  their   spare  cattell,  swine, 

(A  893.]       poultry,  and  other  roots  and  fruits,  much  better  than  from 

England.     But  I  feare  the  seed  of  envy,  and  the  rust  of 

covetousnesse  doth  grow  too  fast,  for  some  would  have  all 

men  advance  Virginia  to  the  ruine  of  New-England ;  and 

others  the  losse  of   Virginia  to    sustaine  New-Englandf 

which  God  of  his  mercy  forbid :  for  at  first  it  was  intended 

by  that  most  memorable  Judge  Sir  Iohn  Popham,  then 

Lord  chief e   Justice  of  England,  and  the  Lords  of  his 

Majesties   Privy   Councel,  with   divers  others,   that  two 

Colonies  should  be  planted,  as  now  they  be,  for  the  better 

strengthening  each  other  against  all  occurrences;  thewhich 

to  performe,  shall  ever  be  my  hearty  prayers  to  Almighty 

God,  to  increase  and  continue  that  mutuall  love  betwixt 

them  for  ever. 

The  By  this  you  may  perceive  somewhat,  what  unexpected 

differences  J  .    J  •        -j  i        A    *>  •    n 

tetwixt  the  inconveniences  are   incident   to   a   plantation,  especially 

vSiniaf  °f  m  sucn  a  multitude  of  voluntary  contributers,  superfluity 

<sl^'moJ '°^  officers,  and  unexperienced  Commissioners.     But  it  is 

not  so,  as  yet,  with  those  for  New-England  ;  for  they  will 

neither  beleeve  nor  use  such  officers,  in  that   they  are 

overseers  of  their  owne  estates,  and  so  well  bred  in  labour 

and  good  husbandry  as  any  in  England :  where  as  few  as  I 

[say  was  sent  me  to  Virginia,  but  those  [that]  were  naught 

iere  and  worse  there. 

"  Now  when  these  shall  have  laid  the  foundations,  and 


tot 

«h( 


JctST63a]         or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  933 

"  provided  meanes  beforehand ;  they  may  entertain  all  the  [1614-21] 

"  poore   artificers   and    laborers   in    England,   and    their  A  necessary 

"  families  which  are  burthensome  to  their  Parishes  and  SX! 

"  Countries  [counties]    where  they   live   upon  almes  and 

"  benevolence  for  want  of  worke :  which  if  they  would 

"  but  pay  for  their  transportation,  they  should  never  be 

"  troubled  with  them  more.     For  there  is  vast  land  enough  New 

"for  all  the  people  in  England,  Scotland,    and   Ireland:  J"/w" 

"  and  it  seemes  God  hath  provided  this  Country  for  our  ££■£' 

11  Nation,   destroying  the   natives   by  the  plague,  it  not  continent. 

"  touching  one  Englishman,  though  many  traded  and  were 

"  conversant  amongst  them  ;  for  they  had  three  plagues  in 

"  three  yeares  successively  neere  two  hundred  miles  along 

"  the  Sea  coast,  that  in  some  places  there  scarce  remained 

"  five  of  a  hundred,  and  as  they  report  thus  it  began  : 

A  fishing  ship  being  cast  away  upon  the  coast,  two  of 
the  men  escaped  on  shore ;  one  of  them  died,  the  other 
lived  among  the  natives  till  he  had  learned  their  language ; 
then  he  perswaded  them  to  become  Christians,  shewing 
them  a  Testament,  some  parts  thereof  expounding  so 
well  as  he  could,  but  they  so  much  derided  him,  that  he 
told  them  hee  feared  his  God  would  destroy  them  :  whereat 
the  King  assembled  all  his  people  about  a  hill,  him- 
selfe  with  the  Christian  standing  on  the  top,  demanded  if 
his  God  had  so  many  people  and  able  to  kill  all  those  ? 

He    answered    yes,   and   surely  would,   and   bring   in  a  strange 
strangers  to  possesse  their  land :  but  so  long  they  mocked  fiSJtf, 
him  and  his  God,  that  not  long  after  such  a  sicknesse  Salva&es- 
came,  that  of  five  or  six  hundred  about  the  Massachusets 
there  remained  but  thirty,  on  whom  their  neighbours  fell 
and  slew  twenty-eight :  the  two  [p.  754]  remaining  fled  the 
Country  till  the  English  came,  then  they  returned  and 
surrendered  their  Country  and  title  to  the  English. 

If  this  be  not  true  in  every  particular,  excuse  me,  I  pray 
you,  for  I  am  not  the  Author:  but  it  is  most  certaine 
there  was  an  exceeding  great  plague  amongst  them ;  for 
where  I  have  seene  [in  1614]  two  or  three  hundred,  within 
three  yeares  after  '1617]  remained  scarce  thirty  [pp.  747, 754]. 
But  what  disease  it  was  the  Salvages  knew  not  till  the 
English  told  them ;  never  having  seene,  nor  heard  of  the 
like  before.  [10] 


« 


934  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [octSs£.' 


CHAPTER     IV. 

Our  right  to  those  Countries,  true  reasons  for 
plantations,  rare  examples. 

[1630]  i'klSh  ^ny  800^  religious  devout  men  have  made  it  a 

By  what  £  \W|  )k  great  question,  as  a  matter  in   conscience,  by 

m^'/os-  \  $w\  P  wnat  warrant  they  might  goe  to  possesse  those 

sesse  those  JdS^/«&§»  Countries,  which  are  none  of  theirs,  but  the 

Countries  o     l 

law/uiiy.     poore  Salvages. 

Which  poore  curiosity  will  answer  it  selfe  ;  for  God  did 
[make  the  world  to  be  inhabited  with  mankind,  and  to 
'have  his  name  knowne  to  all  Nations,  and  from  gene- 
ration to  generation :  as  the  people  increased  they  dis- 
persed themselves  into  such  Countries  as  they  found 
most  convenient.  And  here  in  Florida,  Virginia,  New- 
England,  and  Cannada,  is  more  land  than  all  the  people 
in  Christendome  can  manure  [cultivate] ,  and  yet  more 
to  spare  than  all  the  natives  of  those  Countries  can  use 
and  culturate.  And  shall  we  here  keepe  such  a  coyle 
jA  for  land,  and  at  such  great  rents  and  rates,  when  there  is 
*  so  much  of  the  world  uninhabited,  and  as  much  more  in 
other  places,  and  as  good  or  rather  better  than  any  wee 
possesse,  were  it  manured  and  used  accordingly. 

If  this  be  not  a  reason  sufficient  to  such  tender  consciences ; 
for  a  copper  knife  and  a  few  toyes,  as  beads  and  hatchets, 
they  will  sell  you  a  whole  Countrey  [district]  ;  and  for  a 
small  matter,  their  houses  and  the  ground  they  dwell  upon; 
but  those  of  the  Massachusets  have  resigned  theirs  freely. 
True  Now  the  reasons  for  plantations  are  many.    Adam  and 

r/oV°thZse  Eve  did  first  begin  this  innocent  worke  to  plant  the  earth 
plantations,  to  remaine  to  posterity ;  but  not  without  labour,  trouble, 
[#.aa8,74i.]  an(j  industry.  Noah  and  his  family  began  againe  the 
second  plantation,  and  their  seed  as  it  still  increased,  hath 
still  planted  new  Countries,  and  one  Country  another,  and 
so  the  world  to  that  estate  it  is ;  but  not  without  much 
hazard,  travell,  mortalities,  discontents,  and  many  disas- 
ters :  had  those  worthy  Fathers  and  their  memorable  off- 
spring not  beene  more  diligent  for  us  now  in  those  ages, 


J^Te'oi]         or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  935 

than  wee  are  to  plant  that  yet  implanted  for  after-livers :  [1630] 
Had  the  seed  of  Abraham,  our  [11]  Saviour  Christ  Jesus 
and  his  Apostles,  exposed  themselves  to  no  more  dangers  to 
plant  the  Gospell  wee  so  much  professe ;  than  we,  even  we 
our  selves  had  at  this  present  beene  as  Salvages,  and  as 
miserable  as  the  most  barbarous  Salvage,  yet  uncivilized. 

The  Hebrewes,  Lacedemonians,  the  Goths,  Grecians, 
Romans,  and  the  rest ;  what  was  it  they  would  not  under- 
take  to  inlarge  their  Territories,  inrich  their  subjects,  fc; 
and  resist  their  enemies.  Those  that  were  the  founders 
of  those  great  Monarchies  and  their  vertues,  were  no 
silvered  idle  golden  Pharisees,  but  industrious  honest 
hearted  Publicans;  they  regarded  more  provisions  and 
necessaries  for  their  people,  than  jewels,  ease  and 
delight  for  themselves;  riches  was  their  servants,  not 
their  masters ;  they  ruled  as  fathers,  not  as  tyrants ; 
their  people  as  children,  not  as  slaves;  there  was  no 
disaster  could  discourage  them  ;  and  let  none  thinke  they 
incountered  not  with  all  manner  of  incumbrances  :  and 
what  hath  ever  beene  the  worke  of  the  best  great  Princes 
of  the  world,  but  planting  of  Countries,  and  civilizing  bar- 
barous and  inhumane  Nations  to  civility  and  humanity ; 
whose  eternall  actions  fils  our  histories  with  more  honour 
than  those  that  have  wasted  and  consumed  them  by 
warres. 

Lastly,  the  Portugals  and  Spaniards  that  first  began  £j" 
plantations  in  this  unknowne  world  of  America  till  within  "cTtZ 
this  140.  yeares  [1476-1616],  whose    everlasting  actions  fSSSfc 
before  our  eyes,  will  testifie  our  idlenesse  and  ingratitude  JJ^Jj,. 
to  all  posterity,  and  neglect  of  our  duty  and  religion  we  owe! 
our  God,  our  King,  and  Countrey,  and  want  of  charity  top 
those  poore  Salvages,  whose  Countries  we  challenge,  use,'' 
and  possesse  :  except  wee  be  but  made  to  marre  what  our 
forefathers  made ;  or  but  only  tell  what  they  did  ;  or  esteeme 
our  selves  too  good  to  take  the  like  paines  where  there  is 
so  much  reason,  liberty,  and  action  offers  it  selfe.     Having 
as  much  power  and  meanes  as  others,  why  should  English 
men  despaire,  and  not  doe  so  much  as  any  ?    Was  it  vertue 
in  those  Hero[e]s  to  provide  that  [which]  doth  maintaine 
us,  and  basenesse  in  us  to  doe  the  like  for  others  to  come  ? 
Surely  no ;  then  seeing  wee  are  not  borne  for  ourselves 


93  6  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [JCtS?63o! 

[1614]  but  each  to  helpe  other ;  and  our  abilities  are  much  alike  at 
(#.229,742.]  the  [12]  howre  of  our  birth  and  minute  of  our  death  :  see- 
ing our  good  deeds  or  bad,  by  faith  in  Christs  merits,  is  all 
wee  have  to  carry  our  soules  to  heaven  or  hell :  Seeing 
honour  is  our  lives  ambition,  and  our  ambition  after  death, 
to  have  an  honourable  memory  of  our  life  :  and  seeing  by 
no  meanes  we  would  be  abated  of  the  dignitie  and  glory 
of  our  predecessors,  let  us  imitate  their  vertues  to  be 
worthily  their  successors ;  or  at  least  not  hinder,  if  not 
further,  them  that  would  and  doe  their  utmost  and  best 
endevour. 


CHAPTER     V. 

My  first  voyage  to  new  England,  my  returne 
and  profit. 

\0   begin  with  the   originals   of  the  voyages  to 
those  coasts,  I  referre  you  to  my  generall  his- 
tory [pp.  696-7]  ;  for  New  England  by  the  most 
of  them  was  esteemed   a  most   barren   rocky 
1614.        desart. 

Notwithstanding  at  the  sole  charges  of  four  Marchants 
[#.187,240,  of  London  and  my  selfe,  1614.  within  eight  weekes  sayling 
256,697,891-1  1  arrived  at  Monahigan,  an  lie  in  America  in  43.  degree* 
39.  minutes  of  Northerly  latitude. 

Had  the  fishing  for  Whale  proved  as  we  expected,  I  had 
stayed  in  the  Country :  but  we  found  the  plots  [charts]  wee 
had,  so  false;  and  the  seasons  for  fishing  and  trade  by  the 
unskilfulnesse  of  our  Pylot  so  much  mistaken  ;  I  was  con- 
tented,  having  taken  by  hookes  and  lines,  with  flfteene  or 
eighteene  men  at  most,  more  than  60000  Cod  in  lesse 
than  a  moneth :  whilst  my  selfe  and  eight  others  of  them 
[that]  might  best  be  spared,  by  an  houre  glasse  of  three 
moneths,  ranging  the  coast  in  a  small  boat,  got  for  trifles 
eleven  hundred  Bever  skins  besides  Otters  and  Martins 
ZuZdm°°'  [skins];  all  amounting  to  the  value  of  fifteene  hundred 
tuctnonths.  pound,  and  arrived  in  England  with  all  my  men  in 
health,  in  six  or  seven  months. 


JctST63o.']         or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  937 

But  Northward  the  French  returned  this  yeare  [1614]  to  [1614-16] 
France  five  and  twenty  thousand  bevers  [skins]  and  good  ^s*000 
furres;  whilest   we  were  contending  about  Patents  and  *«FrancT 
Commissions,  with  such  fearefull  incredulity  that  more 
dazeled  our  eyes  than  opened  them. 

In  this  voyage  I  tooke  the  description  of  the  coast  as  [#.188,699.] 
well  by  map  as  writing,  and  called  [13]  it  New-England:  but 
malicious  mindes  amongst  Sailers  and  others,  drowned 
that  name  with  the  eccho  of  Nusconcus,  Canaday,  and 
Penaquid;  till,  at  my  humble  su[i]te,  our  most  gracious 
King  Charles,  then  Princes  of  Wales,  was  pleased  to  con- 
firme  it  by  that  title,  and  did  change  [p.  232]  the  bar- 
barous names  of  their  principal  Harbours  and  habitations 
for  such  English,  that  posterity  may  say,  King  Charles 
was  their  Godfather :  and  in  my  opinion  it  should  seeme 
an  unmannerly  presumption  in  any  that  doth  alter  them 
without  his  leave. 

My  second  voyage  was  to  beginne  a  Plantation,  and  to  My  second 
doe  what  else  I  could,  but  by  extreme  tempests  that  tore  %n0ydgZi 
neare  all  my  Masts  by  the  boord,  being  more  than  two  1615. 
hundred  leagues  at  Sea,  [I]  was  forced  to  returne  to  Plimoth  VP-  «*>-»« ; 

.,,  T  °,  ,  '   L    J  731-736.] 

with  a  Jury-Mast. 

The  third  was  intercepted  by  English  and  French  1616- 
Pyrats,  by  my  trecherous  company  that  betrayed  me  to 
them ;  who  ran  away  with  my  Ship  and  all  that  I  had : 
such  enemies  the  Sailers  were  to  a  Plantation,  and  the 
greatest  losse  being  mine,  [they]  did  easily  excuse  them- 
selves to  the  Merchants  in  England,  that  still  provided  to 
follow  the  fishing. 

Much  difference  there  was  betwixt  the  Londoners  and 
the  Westerlings  to  ingrosse  it,  who  now  would  adventure 
thousands,  that  when  I  went  first  would  not  adventure  a 
groat ;  yet  there  went  foure  or  five  good  Ships  :  but  what 
by  their  dissention,  and  the  Turkes  men  of  warre  that 
tooke  the  best  of  them  in  the  Straits,  they  scarce  saved 
themselves  this  yeare. 

At  my  returne  from  France  [Dec.  1615],  I  did  my  best  to  [#.«7»7«o.i 
have  united  them  ;  but  that  had  beene  more  than  a  worke 
for  Hercules,  so  violent  is  the  folly  of  greedy  covetousnesse. 


938  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [JcuTe^ 


CHAPTER    VI. 

A  description  of  the  Coast y  Harbours,  Habitations, 

Landmarks,  Latitude,  Longitude,  with 

the  map. 

His  Country  wee  now  speake  of,  lyeth  betwixt 
41.  and  44^,  the  very  meane  for  heat  and  cold 
betwixt  the  Equinoctiall  and  the  North  Pole, 
1i£SoTtk  (Sfi&r&Q  in  which  I  have  sounded  about  five  and  twenty 
country.  verv  g00&  Harbors ;  in  many  [14]  whereof  is  Anc  [h]orage  for 
fiue  hundred  good  ships  of  any  burden,  in  some  of  them  for  a 
thousand  :  and  more  than  three  hundred  lies  overgrowne 
with  good  timber,  or  divers  sorts  of  other  woods  ;  in  most 
of  them  (in  their  seasons)  plenty  of  wilde  fruits,  Fish,  and 
Fowle,  and  pure  springs  of  most  excellent  water  pleasantly 
distilling  from  their  rockie  foundations. 

The  principal  habitations  I  was  at  North-ward,  was 
Pennobscot,  who  are  in  warres  with  the  Terentines,  their  next 
Northerly  neighbours. 

Southerly  up  the  Rivers,  and  along  the  Coast,  wee  found 
Mecadacut,  Segocket,  Pemmaquid,  Nusconcus,  Sagadahock, 
Satquin,  Aumughcawgen,  and  Kenabeca :  to  those  belong 
the  Countries  and  people,  of  Segotago,  Pauhuntanuck,  Poco- 
passum,  Taughtanakagnet,  Wabigganus,  Nassaque,  Masher- 
osqueck,  Wawrigwick,  Moshoquen,  Waccogo,  Pasharanack,  &c. 
To  these  are  alied  in  confederacy,  the  Countries  of  Aucocisco, 
Accominticus,  Passataquak,  Augawoam  and  Naemkeck.  All 
these  for  any  thing  I  could  perceive  differ  little  in  language 
or  any  thing,  though  most  of  them  be  Sagamos,  and  Lords 
of  themselves ;  yet  they  hold  the  Bashabes  of  Pennobscot 
the  chiefe  and  greatest  amongst  them. 

The  next  is  Mattahunt,  Totunt,  Massachuset,  Paconekick, 

\tp.  i92, 707.]  then  Cape  Cod,  by  which  is  Pawmet,  the  lies  of  Nawset  and 

Capawuck  :  neere  which  are  the  shoules  of  Rocks  and  sands 

that  stretch  themselves  into  the  maine  Sea  twenty  leagues ; 

and  [are]  very  dangerous  betwixt  the  degrees  of  40.  and  41. 

Now   beyond    Cape   Cod,   the   land   extendeth  it   selfe 


JctS?63of]         or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  939 

Southward    to    Virginia,   Florida,   the    West  Indies,   the  [1614-16] 
Amazons  and  Brasele,  to  the  straits  of  Magelanus,  two  and 
fifty  degrees  Southward  beyond  the  Line  ;  all  those  great 
Countries,  differing  as  they  are  in  distance  North  or  South 
from  the   Equinoctiall,   in  temper,   heat,   cold,   Woods, 
Fruits,  Fishes,  Beasts,  Birds,  the  increase  and  decrease  of 
the  night  and  day,  to  six  moneths  day  and  six  moneths  night.  £*££^ 
Some  say,  many  of  those  Nations  are  so  brute  [brutish]  they  tiVi^eive 
have  no  Religion,  wherein  surely  they  may  be  deceived;  for  %Zetlde?£ 
my  part  I  never  saw  nor  heard  of  any  Nation  in  the  world  nighu 
which  had  not  Religion,  Deare,  [15]  Bowes,  and  Arrowes. 

Those  in  New-England,  I  take  it,  beleeve  much  alike  as  J*g^ 
those  in  Virginia,  of  many  divine  Powers,  yet  of  one  above     *  lsl°n' 
the  rest;   as  the   Southerly  Virginians  call   their  chiefe  %7]5'321' 
God  Kewassa,  and  that  we  now  inhabit  Okee :  but  all  their 
Kings  Werowances.     The  Massachusets  call  their  great  God 
Kichian,  and  their  Kings  Sachemes ;  and  that  we  suppose 
their  Devill,  they  call  Habamouk.     The  Pennobscots,  their 
God,  Tantum ;  their  Kings,  Sagamos.     About  those  Coun- 
tries are  abundance  of  severall  Nations  and  languages,  but 
much  alike  in  their  simple  curiosities,  living  and  worke- 
manship,  except  the  wilde  estate  of  their  chiefe  Kings,  &c. 

Of  whose  particular  miserable  magnificence  (yet  most  \p.  71*] 
happy  in  this,  that  they  neuer  trouble  themselues  with 
such  variety  of  Apparell,  Drinkes,  Viands,  Sawses, 
Perfumes,  Perservatives,  and  niceties  as  we;  yet  live  as 
long,  and  much  more  healthfull  and  hardy)  :  also  the  deities 
of  their  chiefest  Gods,  Priests,  Conjurers,  Religion, 
Temples,  Triumphs,  Physicke,  and  Chirurgerie;  their 
births,  educations,  duty  of  their  women,  exercise  for  their 
men ;  how  they  make  all  their  Instruments  and  Engines 
to  cut  downe  Trees,  make  their  Cloaths,  Boats,  Lines, 
Nets,  Fish-hooks,  We[i]res,  and  Traps,  Mats,  Houses,  Pots, 
Platters,  Morters,  Bowes,  Arrowes,  Targets,  Swords, 
Clubs,  Jewels,  and  Hatchets.  Their  severall  sorts  of 
Woods,  Serpents,  Beasts,  Fish,  Fowle,  Roots,  Berries, 
Fruits,  Stones,  and  Clay.  Their  best  trade,  what  is  most 
fit  to  trade  with  them.  With  the  particulars  of  the  charge 
of  a  fishing  voyage,  and  all  the  necessaries  belonging  to  it, 
their  best  countries  to  vent  it  for  their  best  returnes  ;  also 
the  particulars  for  every  private  man  or  family  that  goeth 


940  Advertisements  for  the  unexperienced,  [oafSs^! 

[1616-17]  to  plant,  and  the  best  seasons  to  goe  or  returne  thence ; 
with  the  particular  description  of  the  Salvages,  Habita- 
tions, Harbours,  and  Land-markes,  their  Latitude,  Longi- 
tude, or  severall  distance,  with  their  old  names  and  the 
new  by  the  Map  augmented.  Lastly,  the  power  of  their 
Kings,  obedience  of  their  subjects,  Lawes,  executions, 
planting  their  Fields,  Huntings,  Fishings,  the  manner  of 
their  warres  and  treacheries  yet  knowne;  and  in  generall, 
their  lives  and  conversation,  and  how  to  bridle  their  brute, 

M* 695. 767-1  barbarous,  [16j  and  salvage  dispositions:  of  all  these  par- 
ticulars you  may  reade  at  large  in  the  general  History  of 
Virginia,  New-England,  and  the  Summer  lies,  with  many 
more  such  strange  actions  and  accidents  that  to  an  ordinary 
capacity  might  rather  seeme  miracles  than  wonders  possibly 
to  bee  effected ;  which  though  they  are  but  wound  up  as 
bottoms  of  fine  silke,  which  with  a  good  needle  might  be 
flourished  into  a  far  larger  worke,  yet  the  Images  of  great 
things  are  best  discerned,  contracted  into  smaller  glasses. 


CHAPTER    VII. 

New  Englands  yearely  trials,  the  planting  of  New 

Plimoth,  suprisals  prevented,  their  wonderful 

industry  and  fishing. 

1617.         ^SfpJJK"§Or  a^   tnose   differences  there  went   eight  tall 

&&*****    M  ^v^S  sn*Ps  Defbre  I  arrived  [in  Dec.  1615]  in  England, 

m  F^S:   fr°m  France>  so  tnat  *  spent  that  yeare  [1617] 

9fe*^fe  in  the  West  Country,  to  perswade  the  Cities, 
t/A  241,257.  Townes,  and  Gentrie  for  a  Plantation ;  which  the  Merchants 

very  little  liked,  because  they  would  have  the  coast  free 

only  for  themselves,  and  the  Gentlemen  were  doubtfull  of 

their  true  accounts. 


745-1 


Oft  and  much  it  was  so  disputed,  that  at  last  they  promised 
me  the  next  yeere  [1618]  twenty  saile  well  furnished,  made 
me  Admirall  of  the  Country  for  my  life  under  their  hands 


octS™3o.']         or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  941 

and  the  Colonels  [Colony's]  Seale  for  New-England ;  and  in  [1617-22] 
renewing  their  Letters  Patents,  to  be  a  Patentee  for  my 
paines ;  yet  nothing  but  a  voluntary  fishing  was  effected,  for 
all  this  aire. 

In   those    yeares    many   Ships   made   exceeding  good  1618. 
voyages,  some  in  six  moneths,  others  in  five  :  but  one  of  1619- 
two  hundred  tunne  in  six  weekes,  with  eight  and  thirty  162°- 
men  and  boyes  had  her  fraught,  which  shee  sold  at  the  Eight  and 
first  penny  for  one  and  twenty  hundred  pounds,  besides  SxZ7L 
her  Furres.     Six  or  seven  more  went  out  of  the  West,  Sw 
and  some  Sailers  that  had  but  a  single  share,  had  twenty  °£ndred 
pounds  [=£80  now]  and  at  home  againe  in  seven  moneths ;  poinds 
which   was   more   than  such  a  one  should  have  got  \n^hrthof 
twenty  moneths,  had  he  gone  for  wages  any  where:  yetr 
for  all  this,  in  all  this  time,  though  I  had  divulged  to  my 
great  labour,  [17]  cost,  and  losse,  more  than  seven  thousand 
Bookes  and  Maps,  and  moved  the  particular  Companies  \pp.  242,  »66, 
in  London,  as  also  Noblemen,  Gentlemen,  and  Merchants  748] 
for  a  Plantation,  all  availed  no  more  than  to  hew  Rocks 
with  Oister-shels ;   so  fresh    were   the   living  abuses   of 
Virginia  and  the  Summer  lies  in  their  memories. 

At  last,  upon  those  inducements,  some  well  disposed 
Brownists,  as  they  are  termed,  with  some  Gentlemen  and 
Merchants  of  Lay  den  and  Amsterdam,  to  save  charges 
[i.e.,  the  expense  of  employing  Captain  Smith  {pp.  892,  943)], 
would  try  their  owne  conclusions,  though  with  great  losse 
and  much  miserie  till  time  had  taught  them  to  see  their  [pp.  243, 267 
owne  error ;  for  such  humorists  [fanatics]  will  never  beleeve  771'3 
well,  till  they  bee  beaten  with  their  owne  rod. 

They  were  supplied  [reinforced]  with  a  small  Ship  with  1621. 
seven  and  thirty  passengers,  who  found  all  them  [that] 
were  left  after  they  were  seated,  well  all  but  six  that  died,  \pp-  *^A 
for  all  their  poverties :  in  this  ship  they  returned,  the  value 
of  five  hundred  pounds  [=£2,000  now],  which  was  taken 
by  a  French-man  upon  the  coast  of  England. 

There  is  gone  from  the  West  to  fish  five  and  thirty  1622. 
saile ;  two  from  London  with  sixty  passengers  for  them  at  gjjg  and 
New-Plimoth :  and  all  made  good  voyages.  to  fish. 

Now  you  are  to  understand,  the  seven  and  thirty  pas- 
sengers miscarrying  twice  upon  the  coast  of  England, 
came  so  ill  provided,  they  onely  relyed  upon  that  poore  [#.261.761.] 


942  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [ocf.T^o.' 

[1622-3]  company  they  found  [i.e.,  the  Pilgrim  Fathers],  that  had 
lived  two  yeares  by  their  naked  [simple]  industry,  and  what 
the  Country  naturally  afforded.  It  is  true,  at  first,  there 
hath  beene  taken  a  thousand  Bayses  [bass]  at  a  draught, 
and  more  than  twelve  hogsheads  of  Herrings  in  a  night ; 
of  other  fish  when  and  what  they  would,  when  they  had 
meanes ;  but  wanting  most  necessaries  for  fishing  and 
fowling,  it  is  a  wonder  how  they  could  subsist,  fortifie 
themselves,  resist  their  enemies,  and  plant  their  plants. 

In  Iuly  [1622],  a  many  of  stragling  forlorne  Englishmen, 
whose  wants  they  releeved,  though  [they]  wanted  them- 
selves ;  the  which  to  requite  [them],  destroyed  their  Corne 
and  Fruits,  and  would  have  done  the  like  to  them,  and 
have  surprised  what  they  had.  The  salvages  also  intended 
the  like,  but  wisely  they  slew  the  salvage  [18]  Captaines  ; 
and  revenged  those  injuries  upon  the  fugitive  English,  that 
would  have  done  the  like  to  them. 


CHAPTER    VIII. 

Extremity  next  despaire,  Gods  great  mercy,  their 

estate  ;  they  make  good  salt,  an  unknowne 

rich  myne. 

1623.        ]K$5^Ji»T  New-Plimoth,  having  planted  the[i]re  Fields 
and   Gardens,  such  an  extraordinary  drought 
insued,  all  things  withered,  that  they  expected 
no  harvest ;  and  having  long  expected  a  supply, 
they  heard  no  newes,  but  [of]  a  wracke  split  upon  their 
Coast,  they  supposed  their  Ship :  thus  in  the  very  labyrinth 
of  despaire,  they  solemnly  assembled  themselves  together 
nine  houres  in  prayer.     At  their  departure,  the  parching 
faire  skies  [were]  all  overcast  with  blacke  clouds  ;  and  the 
next  morning,  such  a  pleasant  moderate  raine  continued 
fourteene  daies,  that  it  was  hard  to  say,  whether  their 
withered  fruits  or  drooping  affections  were  most  revived. 
Not  long  after  came  two  Ships  to  supply  [reinforce]  them, 
with  all  their  Passengers  well,  except  one,  and  he  pre- 
sently recovered :  for  themselves,  for  all  their  wants,  there 


JctSin63o.]         or  the  Path- way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  943 

was  not  one  sicke  person  amongst  them.     The   greater  [1623-4] 
Ship  they  returned  fraught  with  commodities. 

This  yeare  went  from  England,  onely  to  fish,  five  and  ****** 
forty  saile,  and  have  all  made  a  better  voyage  than  euer.     /Sjl£lit 

In  this  Plantation  there  is  about  an  hundred  and  foure-  1624. 
score  persons,  some  Cattell,  but  many  Swine  and  Poultry: 
their  Towne  containes  two  and  thirty  houses,  whereof  [/•  78a-] 
seven  were  burnt,  with  the  value  of  five  or  six  hundred 
pounds  [=£2,000  or  £2,400  now]  in  other  goods  ;  impailed 
about  halfe  a  mile,  within  which  within  a  high  Mount,  a 
Fort,  with  a  Watch-tower,  well  built  of  stone,  lo[a]me, 
and  wood,  their  Ordnance  well  mounted :  and  so  healthfull, 
that  of  the  first  Planters  not  one  hath  died  this  three  yeares 
[1621-1624] :  yet  at  the  first  landing  at  Cape  Cod,  being  an 
hundred  passengers,  besides  twenty  they  had  left  behind 
at  Plimoth,  for  want  of  good  take  heed,  thinking  to  finde  all 
things  better  than  I  advised  them,  spent  six  or  seven  weekes  (^.960,941.1 
in  [19]  wandring  up  and  downe  in  frost  and  snow,  wind 
and  raine,  among  the  woods,  cricks  [creeks]  and  swamps, 
forty  of  them  died;  and  threescore  were  left  in  most 
miserable  estate  at  New-Plimoth  where  their  Ship  left  them, 
and  but  nine  leagues  by  Sea  from  where  they  landed:  whose 
misery  and  variable  opinions  for  want  of  experience,  oc- 
casioned much  faction,  till  necessity  agreed  them. 

These  disasters,  losses,  and  uncertain  ties,  made  such 
disagreement   among  the  Adventurers  in  England,  who 
beganne  to  repent,  and  [would]  rather  lose  all  than  longer 
continue  the   charge,  being  out   of  purse  six  or  seven  ^  891,910, 
thousand  pounds ;  accounting  my  bookes  and  their  rela-  941] 
tions  as  old  Almanacks. 

But  the  Planters,  rather  than  leave  the  Country,  con- 
cluded absolutely  to  supply  themselves,  and  to  all  their 
adventurers  [to]  pay  them  for  nine  years  two  hundred 
pounds  yearely  without  any  other  account :  where  more 
than  six  hundred  Adventurers  for  Virginia,  for  more  than 
two  hundred  thousand  pounds,  had  not  six  pence. 

Since  they  have  made  a  salt  worke,  wherewith  they  ?*%%?*' 
preserve  all  the  fish  they  take ;  and  have  fraughted  this  good**. 
yeare  a  ship  of  an  hundred  and  foure  score  tun :  living  so 


944 


Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced, 


[Jet5™1 


1630, 


[1614-30]  well  they  desire  nothing  but  more  company ;  and  what 
ever  they  take,  [they]  returne  commodities  to  the  value. 

Thus  you  may  plainly  see,  although  many  envying  [that] 
I  should  bring  so  much  from  thence,  where  many  others 
had  beene;  and  some, the  sameyeare, returned  withnothing, 
reported  the  Fish  and  Bevers  I  brought  home,  I  had 
taken  from  the  French  men  of  Canada,  to  discourage  any 
from  beleeving  me,  and  excuse  their  owne  misprisions : 
some  onely  to  have  concealed  this  good  Country  (as  is 
said)  to  their  private  use  ;  others  taxed  me  as  much  of 
indiscretion,  to  make  my  discoveries  and  designes  so  publike 
for  nothing,  which  might  have  beene  so  well  managed  by 
some  concealers,  to  have  beene  all  rich  ere  any  had  knowne 
of  it. 

Those,  and  many  such  like  wise  rewards,  have  beene  my 
recompences :  for  which  I  am  contented,  so  the  Country 
prosper,  and  Gods  Name  bee  there  praised  by  my  Country- 
men, I  have  my  desire  :  and  the  benefit  of  this  salt  and 
fish,  for  breeding  Mariners  and  building  [20]  ships,  will 
make  so  many  fit  men  to  raise  a  Common-wealth,  if  but 
managed,  as  my  general  history  will  shew  you,  it  might 
well  by  this  have  beene  as  profitable  as  the  best  Mine 
the  King  of  Spaine  hath  in  his  West  Indies. 


An 

incrediblt 
rich  mint. 


CHAPTER    IX. 

Notes  worth  observation  :  miser ableness  no  good 
husbandry. 

Ow  if  you  but  truly  consider  how  many  strange 
accidents  have  befallen  those  plantations  and 
my  selfe;  how  oft  up,  how  oft  downe,  sometimes 
neere  despaire,  and  ere  long  flourishing ;  how 
many  scandals  and  Spanolized  English  have  sought  to 
disgrace  them,  bring  them  to  mine,  or  at  least  hinder 
them  all  they  could  ;  how  many  have  shaven  and  couzened 
both  them  and  me,  and  their  most  honourable  supporters 
and  well-willers  :  [you]  cannot  but  conceive  Gods  infinite 
mercy  both  to  them  and  me. 


Jcts?63^."]         or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  945 

Having  beene  a  slave  to  the  Turks,  prisoner  amongst  [1593- 
the  most  barbarous  Salvages,  after  my  deliverance  com-  1630] 
monly  discovering  and  ranging  those  large  rivers  and 
unknowne  Nations  with  such  a  handful!  of  ignorant 
companions  that  the  wiser  sort  often  gave  mee  [up]  for 
lost,  alwayes  in  mutinies  [i.e.,  of  others]  wants  and  miseries, 
blowne  up  with  gunpowder;  A  long  time  [a]  prisoner 
among  the  French  Pyrats,  from  whom  escaping  in  a  little 
boat  by  my  selfe,  and  adrift  all  such  a  stormy  winter  night, 
when  their  ships  were  split,  more  than  a  hundred  thousand 
pound  [=  £400,000  now]  lost  [which]  they  had  taken  at 
sea,  and  most  of  them  drowned  upon  the  He  of  Ree,  not 
farre  from  whence  I  was  driven  on  shore  in  my  little  boat 
&c.  And  many  a  score  of  the  worst  of  winter  moneths 
[have]  lived  in  the  fields:  yet  to  have  lived  neere  37. 
yeares  [1593-1630]  in  the  midst  of  wars,  pestilence  and 
famine,  by  which  many  an  hundred  thousand  have  died 
about  mee,  and  scarce  five  living  of  them  [that]  went  first 
with  me  to  Virginia :  and  [yet  to]  see  the  fruits  of  my 
labours  thus  well  begin  to  prosper:  though  I  have  but 
my  labour  for  my  paines,  have  I  not  much  reason  both 
privately  and  publikely  to  acknowledge  it  and  give  God 
thankes,  whose  omnipotent  power  onely  delivered  me,  [21] 
to  doe  the  utmost  of  my  best  to  make  his  name  knowne  in  \, 
those  remote  parts  of  the  world,  and  his  loving  mercy  to  lr 
such  a  miserable  sinner. 

Had  my  designes  beene  to  have  perswaded  men  to  a  Goods  m- 
mine  of  gold,  as  I  know  many  have  done  that  knew  no  §ij£* 
such  matter ;  though  few  doe  conceive  either  the  charge 
or  paines  in  refining  it,  nor  the  power  nor  care  to  defend  \tp. 893-4] 
it :  or  some  new  invention  to  passe  to  the  South  sea :  or 
some  strange  plot  to  invade  some  strange  Monastery ;  or 
some   chargeable    Fleet   to    take   some    rich   Charaques 
[carracks] :  or  letters  of  mart  [marque]  to  rob  some  poore 
Merchant  or  honest  fisher  men  :  what  multitudes  of  both 
people   and  money  would  contend  to  be  first  imployed. 
But  in  those  noble  indevours  now,  how  few,  unlesse  it  bee 
to  begge  them  as  Monopolies,  and  those  seldome  seeke 
the  common  good,  but  the  commons  goods,  as  the  217. 
the  218.  and  the  219.  pages  in  the  generall  history  [see 
[pp.  722-728]  will  shew.     But  only  those  noble  Gentlemen 

60 


946  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [J^T^ 

[1620-8]  and  their  associates,  for  whose  better  incouragements  I  have 
recollected  those  [?  these]  experienced  memorandums,  as  an 
Apologie  against  all  calumniating  detracters,  as  well  for 
my  selfe  as  them. 
nJi'^'od  ^0W  s*nce  tnem  called  Brownists  went  (some  few 
husbandry,  before  them  also  having  my  bookes  and  maps,  presumed  they 
r/A  343.367,  knew  as  much  as  they  desired) ;  many  other  directers  they 
94XI943.I10'  nad.  as  wise  as  themselves,  but  that  was  best,  that  liked 
their  owne  conceits  :  for  indeed  they  would  not  be  knowne 
to  have  any  knowledge  of  any  but  themselves,  pretending 
onely  Religion  their  governour,  and  frugality  their  coun- 
sell,  when  indeed  it  was  onely  their  pride,  and  singularity, 
and  contempt  of  authority;  because  they  could  not  be 
equals,  they  would  have  no  superiors.  In  this  fooles 
Paradise,  they  so  long  used  that  good  husbandry,  they 
have  payed  soundly  in  trying  their  owne  follies:  who 
undertaking  in  small  handfuls  to  make  many  plantations, 
and  to  bee  severall  Lords  and  Kings  of  themselves,  most 
vanished  to  nothing ;  to  the  great  disparagement  of  the 
generall  businesse,  therefore  let  them  take  heed  that  doe 
follow  their  example.  [22] 


CHAPTER    X. 

The  mistaking  of  Patents,  strange  effects, 
incouragements  for  servants. 

1825.  |M|KHo  would  not  thinke  that  all  those  certainties 
Jf  ?2*  *iaW\V$  snou^  n°t  have  made  both  me  and  this  Countrey 
t|\/v&2  have  prospered  well  by  this  ?  but  it  fell  out 
C*$i?2^)  otherwayes.  For  by  the  instigation  of  some, 
whose  policy  had  long  watched  their  opportunity  by  the 
assurance  of  those  profitable  returnes,  procured  new 
Letters  Patents  from  King  lames ;  drawing  in  many  Noble- 
men and  others  to  the  number  of  twenty,  for  Patentees  ; 
dividing  my  map  and  that  tract  of  land  from  the  North 


1627. 
1628 


<£??6*f)         or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  947 

Sea  to  the  South  Sea,  East  and  West,  which  is  supposed  [1628-30] 
by  most  Cosmographers  [to  be]  at  least  more  than  two  J^gJ 
thousand  miles;  and  from  41.  degrees  to  48.  of  Northerly  great 
latitude  about  560  miles.;    the  bounds  Virginia  to  the  PattnU 
South,  and  South  Sea  [Pacific  Ocean]  to  the  West,  Canada 
to  the  North,  and  the  maine  Ocean  to  the  East ;  all  this 
they  divided  into  twenty  parts,  for  which  they  cast  lots : 
but  no  lot  for  me  but  Smiths  lies,  which  are  a  many  of 
barren  rocks,  the  most  overgrowne  with  such  shrubs  and 
sharpe  whins  you  can  hardly  passe  them  ;  without  either 
grasse  or  wood  but  three  or  foure  short  shrubby  old  Cedars. 

Those  Patentees  procured  a  Proclamation,  that  no  ship  ^£1": 
should  goe  thither  to  fish  but  pay  them  for  the  publike,  n™""  or 
as  it  was  pretended,  five  pound  upon  every  thirty  tuns  of  En^land- 
shipping ;  neither  trade  with  the  natives,  cut  downe  wood, 
throw  their  balast  over  boord,  nor  plant  without  commission, 
leave  and  content  to  the  Lord  of  that  division  or  Manor ; 
some  of  which  for  some  of  them  I  beleeve  will  be  tenant- 
lesse  this  thousand  yeare.  Thus  whereas  this  Country,  as 
the  contrivers  of  those  projects,  should  have  planted  it 
selfe  of  it  selfe ;  especially  all  the  chiefe  parts  along  the 
coast  the  first  year,  as  they  have  oft  told  me :  and  chiefly 
by  the  fishing  ships  and  some  small  helpe  of  their  owne, 
thinking  men  would  be  glad  upon  any  termes  to  be  admitted 
under  their  protections :  but  it  proved  so  contrary,  none 
would  [23]  goe  at  all.  So,  for  feare  to  make  a  contempt 
against  the  Proclamation,  it  hath  ever  since  beene  little 
frequented  to  any  purpose :  nor  would  they  doe  anything, 
but  left  it  to  it  selfe. 

Thus  it  lay  againe  in  a  manner  vast  [waste],  till  those  fj£f™? 
noble  Gentlemen  [J.  Winthrop,  &c]  thus  voluntarily  under-  Masters. 
tooke  it,  whom  I  intreat  to  take  this  as  a  memorandum  of 
my  love,  to  make  your  plantations  so  neere  and  great  as  you 
can ;  for  many  hands  make  light  worke,  whereas  yet  your 
small  parties  can  doe  nothing  availeable;  nor  stand  too 
much  upon  the  letting,  setting,  or  selling  those  wild 
Countries,  nor  impose  too  much  upon  the  commonalty 
either  by  your  maggazines  [victualling  ships  or  stores,  see 
pp.  665,  676-7]  which  commonly  eat  out  all  poore  mens 
labours;  nor  any  other  too  hard  imposition  for  present 
gaine ;  but  let  every  man  so  it  bee  by  order  allotted  him, 


1 


948  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [JctS^ 

[1629-30]  plant  freely  without  limitation  so  much  as  hee  can,  bee  it 
by  the  halfes  or  otherwayes.  And  at  the  end  of  five  or 
six  yeares,  or  when  you  make  a  division,  for  every  acre  he 
hath  planted,  let  him  have  twenty,  thirty,  forty,  or  an 
hundred  ;  or  as  you  finde  hee  hath  extraordinarily  deserved, 
by  it  selfe  to  him  and  his  heires  for  ever ;  all  his  charges 
being  defrayed  to  his  lord  or  master,  and  publike  good. 
intourag*  In  so  doing,  a  servant  that  will  labour,  within  foure  or 
££w*r  five  yeares  may  live  as  well  there  as  his  master  did  here : 
for  where  there  is  so  much  land  lie  waste,  it  were  a 
madnesse  in  a  man  at  the  first  to  buy,  or  hire,  or  pay 
any  thing  more  than  an  acknowledgement  to  whom  it 
\shall  be  due;  and  hee  is  double  mad  that  will  leave  his 
(friends,  meanes,  and  freedome  in  England,  to  be  worse 
ithere  than  here. 

Therefore  let  all  men  have  as  much  freedome  in  reason 
as  may  be,  and  true  dealing ;  for  it  is  the  greatest  comfort 
you  can  give  them,  where  the  very  name  of  servitude  will 
breed  much  ill  bloud,  and  become  odious  to  God  and 
man  :  but  mildly  temper  correction  with  mercy,  for  I 
know  well  you  will  have  occasion  enough  to  use  both; 
and  in  thus  doing,  doubtlesse  God  will  blesse  you,  and 
quickly  triple  and  multiply  your  numbers ;  the  which  to 
my  utmost  I  will  doe  my  best  indevour.  [24] 


CHAPTER      XI. 

The  planting  [of]  Bastable  or  Salem  and  Charlton, 
a  description  of  the  Massachusets. 

N  all  those  plantations,  yea,  of  those  that  have 
done  least,  yet  the  most  will  say,  we  were  the 
first ;  and  so  every  next  supply,  still  the  next 
beginner :  But  seeing  history  is  the  memory 
of  time,  the  life  of  the  dead,  and  the  happinesse  of  the 
living ;  because  I  have  more  plainly  discovered,  and 
described,  and  discoursed  of  those  Countries  than  any  as 
yet  I  know,  I  am  the  bolder  to  continue  the  story,  and 


Jet8™'*:]         or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  949 

doe  all  men  right  so  neere  as  I  can  in  those  new  beginnings,      [1629] 
which  hereafter  perhaps  may  bee  in  better  request  than  a 
forest  of  nine  dayes  pamphlets. 


In  the  yeare  1629.  about  March,  six  good  ships  are  gone  Their 
with  350.  men,  women,  and  children ;  people  professing  /£*S!. 
themselves  of  good  ranke,  zeale,  meanes  and  quality  :  also 
150.  head  of  cattell,  as  horse,  mares,  and  neat  beasts; 
41.  goats,  some  conies,  with  all  provision  for  houshold 
and  apparell;  six  peeces  of  great  Ordnance  for  a  Fort, 
with  Muskets,  Pikes,  Corslets,  Drums  and  Colours,  with 
all  provisions  necessary  for  the  good  of  man. 

They  are  seated  about  42.  degrees  and  38.  minutes,  at  a 
place  called  by  the  natives  Naemkecke,  by  our  Royall  King 
Charles,  Bastable ;  but  now  by  the  planters,  Salem :  where 
they  arrived  for  most  part  exceeding  well,  their  cattell 
and  all  things  else  prospering  exceedingly,  farre  beyond 
their  expectation. 

At  this  place  they  found   some  reasonable  good  pro-  The 
vision  and  houses  built  by  some  few  of  Dorchester,  with  ^SSmind 
whom  they  are  joyned  in  society  with  two  hundred  men.  Chariton. 

An  hundred  and  fifty  more  they  have  sent  to  the  Massa- 
chusets,  which  they  call  Charlton,  or  Charles  Towne. 

I  tooke  the  fairest  reach  in  this  Bay  for  a  river,  whereupon  A  d«cri£ 
I  called  it  Charles  river,  after  the  name  of  our  Royall  King  $*"«£.' ' 
Charles  ;  but  they  find  that  faire  Channell  to  divide  it  selfe  eg£* 
into  so  many  faire  branches  as  make  forty  or  fifty  pleasant 
Hands  within  that  excellent  Bay,  [25]  where  the  land  is  of 
divers  and  sundry  sorts,  in  some  places  very  blacke  and 
fat,  in  others  good  clay,  sand  and  gravell,  the  superficies 
neither  too  flat  in  plaines,  nor  too  high  in  hils.  In  the 
lies  you  may  keepe  your  hogs,  horse,  cattell,  conies  or 
poultry,  and  secure  for  little  or  nothing,  and  to  command 
when  you  list ;  onely  having  a  care  of  provision  for  some 
extraordinary  cold  winter.  In  those  lies,  as  in  the  maine, 
you  may  make  your  nurseries  for  fruits  and  plants  where  you 
put  no  cattell ;  in  the  maine  [Mainland}  you  may  shape 
your  Orchards,  Vineyards,  Pastures,  Gardens,  Walkes, 
Parkes,  and  Corne  fields  out  of  the  whole  peece  as  you  please 
into  such  plots,  one  adjoining  to  another,  leaving  every  of 


95°  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [JctS^. 

[1629 -30j  them  invironed  with  two,  three,  foure,  or  six,  or  so  many 
rowes  of  well  growne  trees  as  you  will,  ready  growne  to 
your  hands,  to  defend  them  from  ill  weather,  which  in  a 
champion  you  could  not  in  many  ages ;  and  this  at  first 
you  may  doe  with  as  much  facility,  as  carelesly  or  igno- 
rantly  cut  downe  all  before  you,  and  then  after  better  con- 
sideration make  ditches,  pales,  plant  young  trees  with  an 
excessive  charge  and  labour,  seeing  you  may  have  so  many 
great  and  small  growing  trees  for  your  maineposts,  to  fix 
hedges,  palisados,  houses,  rales,  or  what  you  will.  Which 
order  in  Virginia  hath  not  beene  so  well  observed  as  it 
might :  where  all  the  woods  for  many  an  hundred  mile  for 
the  most  part  grow  sleight,  like  unto  the  high  grove  or 
tuft  of  trees  upon  the  high  hill  by  the  house  of  that  worthy 
Knight  Sir  Humphrey  Mildmay,  so  remarkable  in  Essex  in 
the  Parish  of  Danbery,  where  I  writ  this  discourse,  but 
much  taller  and  greater;  neither  grow  they  so  thicke 
together  by  the  halfe,  and  much  good  ground  betweene 
them  without  shrubs,  and  the  best  is  ever  knowne  by  the 
greatnesse  of  the  trees  and  the  vesture  it  beareth. 

Now  in  New-England  the  trees  are  commonly  lower,  but 
much  thicker  and  firmer  wood,  and  more  proper  for  shipping, 
of  which  I  will  speake  a  little,  [it]  being  the  chiefe  engine  wee 
are  to  use  in  this  worke  ;  and  the  rather  for  that  within  a 
i PP>  193.708.]  square  of  twenty  leagues,  you  may  have  all,  or  most  of  the 
chiefe  materials  belonging  to  them,  were  they  wrought  to 
their  perfection  as  in  other  places.  [26] 
Thi  master.      Of  all  fabricks  a  ship  is  the  most  excellent,  requiring 
tZZkLn.    more  art  in  building,  rigging,  sayling,  trimming,  defending, 
«**>•  and  moaring,  with  such  a  number  of  severall  termes  and 

names  in  continuall  motion,  not  understood  of  any  land- 
man's none  would  thinke  of,  but  some  few  that  know  them; 
for  whose  better  instruction  I  writ  my  Sea-Grammar  [pp. 
785-804] :  a  booke  most  necessary  for  those  plantations, 
because  there  is  scarce  any  thing  belonging  to  a  ship,  but 
the  Sea-termes,  charge  and  duty  of  every  officer  is  plainly 
expressed,  and  also  any  indifferent  capacity  may  conceive 
how  to  direct  an  unskilfull  Carpenter,  or  Sailer  to  build 
Boats  and  Barkes  sufficient  to  saile  those  coasts  and 
rivers,  and  put  a  good  workman  in  minde  of  many  things 
in  this  businesse  hee  may  easily  mistake  or  forget. 


JctfS!*;]         or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation. 


95 


But  to  be  excellent  in  this  faculty  is  the  master-peece  of 
all  most  necessary  workmen  in  the  world.  The  first  rule  or 
modell  thereof  being  directed  by  God  himselfe  to  Noah  for 
his  Arke ;  which  he  never  did  to  any  other  building  but 
his  Temple  :  which  is  tossed  and  turned  up  and  downe  the 
world  with  the  like  dangers,  miseries,  and  extremities  as 
a  ship,  sometimes  tasting  the  fury  of  the  foure  Elements, 
as  well  as  shee,  by  unlimited  tyrants  in  their  cruelty  for 
tortures,  that  it  is  hard  to  conceive  whether  those  in. 
humanes  exceed  the  beasts  of  the  Forrest,  the  birds  of  the 
Aire,  the  fishes  of  the  Sea,  either  in  numbers,  greatnesse, 
swiftnesse,  fiercenesse,  or  cruelty :  whose  actions  and 
varieties,  with  such  memorable  observations  as  I  have 
collected,  you  shall  finde  with  admiration  in  my  history 
of  the  Sea,  if  God  be  pleased  I  live  to  finish  it. 


[1629] 


CHAPTER    XII. 

"Extraordinary  meanes  for  building,  many  caveats, 

increase  of  come,  how  to  spoyle  the  woods  for 

any  thing,  their  healths. 

Or  the  building  [of]  houses,  townes,  and  fortresses,  %?Jra**m 
where  shall  a  man  finde  the  like  conveniency,  mtanetfor 
as  stones   of  most  sorts,  as   well  lime  stone,  6utldtu£t' 
if  I   be   not   much   deceived,   as   Iron   stone, 
smooth  stone,  blew  slate  for  covering  houses,  and  great  w«ys» 
rockes  we  supposed  Marble,  so  that  one  place  is  called    7<>7* 
[27]  the  marble  harbour. 

There  is  grasse  plenty,  though  very  long  and  thicke 
stalked,  which  being  neither  mowne  nor  eaten,  is  very 
ranke;  yet  all  their  cattell  like  and  prosper  well  there- 
with :  but  indeed  it  is  weeds,  herbs,  and  grasse  growing 
together,  which  although  they  be  good  and  sweet  in  the 
Summer,  they  will  deceive  your  cattell  in  winter.  There- 
fore be  carefull  in  the  Spring  to  mow  the  swamps,  and  Cawau/ot 
the  low  Hands  of  Auguan,  where  you  may  have   harsh  catuu' 


952  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [Jk8?^ 

[1629]  sheare-grasse  enough  to  make  hay  of,  till  you  can  cleare 
ground  to  make  pasture  ;  which  will  beare  as  good  grasse 
as  can  grow  any  where,  as  now  it  doth  in  Virginia  :  and 
unlesse  you  make  this  provision,  if  there  come  an  extra- 
ordinary winter,  you  will  lose  many  of  them  and  hazard 
the  rest ;  especially  if  you  bring  them  in  the  latter  end  of 
Summer,  or  before  the  grasse  bee  growne  in  the  Spring, 
comming  weake  from  Sea. 

All  things  they  plant  prosper  exceedingly  :  but  one  man 

of  13.  gallons  of   Indian  corne,  reaped  that  yeare  364. 

bushels  London  measure,  as  they  confidently  report,  at 

which  I  much  wonder,  having  planted  many  bushels,  but 

no  such  increase. 

f^'V         The  best   way  wee   found   in    Virginia  to   spoile   the 

'JZJs/cr     woods,  was  first  to  cut  a  notch  in  the  barke  a  hand  broad 

fiuturtatui  roun(j  about  the  tree,  which  pill  off  and   the  tree  will 

sprout  no  more,  and  all  the  small  boughs  in  a  yeare  or 

two  will  decay :  the  greatest  branches  in  the  root  they 

spoyle  with  fire,  but  you  with  more  ease  may  cut  them 

from  the  body  and  they  will  quickly  rot. 

Betwixt  those  trees  they  plant  their  corne,  whose  great 
bodies  doe  much  defend  it  from  extreme  gusts,  and  heat 
of  the  Sunne  ;  where  that  in  the  plaines,  where  the  trees 
by  time  they  have  consumed,  is  subject  to  both :  and  this 
is  the  most  easie  way  to  have  pasture  and  corne  fields, 
which  is  much  more  fertile  than  the  other. 

In  Virginia  they  never  manure  their  overworne  fields, 

which  is  very  few,  the  ground  for  most  part  is  so  fertile : 

but  in  New-England  they  doe,  sticking  at  every  plant  of 

corne,  a  herring  or  two ;  which  commeth  in  that  season 

in  such  abundance,  they  may  take  more  than  they  know 

what  to  doe  with. 

*om$aint        Some  infirmed  bodies,  or  tender  educats,  complaine  of 

%Z1£1Za    ^e  piercmg  c°ld,  especially  in  January  and  February; 

ZZIIdy.       yet  the  [28]  French  in  Canada,  the  Russians,  Swethlanders, 

Polanders,  Germans,  and  our  neighbour  Hollanders,  are  much 

colder  and  farre  more  Northward  ;  [and]  for  all  that,  rich 

Countreyes  and  live  well.     Now  they  have  wood  enough 

if  they  will  but  cut  it,  at  their  doores  to  make  fires ;  and 

traine  oyle  with  the  splinters  of  the  roots  of  firre  trees  for 

candles :  where  [as]  in  Holland  they  have  little  or  none  to 


JctfTeS]  or  ine  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  953 

build  ships,  houses,  or  anything  but  what  they  fetch  from  [1629-30] 
forren  Countries,  yet  they  dwell  but  in  the   latitude  of 
Yorkshire ;   and  New-England  is   in   the  heighth  of  the 
North  cape  of  Spaine,  which  is  10.  degrees,  200.  leagues, 
or  600.  miles  nearer  the  Sunne  than  wee,  where  upon  the 
mountaines  of  Bisky  I  have  felt  [in  1604,  p.  869]  as  much 
cold,  frost,  and  snow  as  in  England.  And  of  this  I  am  sure, 
a  good  part  of  the  best  Countries  and  kingdomes  of  the  world, 
both  Northward  and  Southward  of  the  line,  lie  in  the  same 
paralels  of   Virginia  and  New-England,  as  at  large  you 
may  finde  in  the  210.  page  of  the  generall  history  [p.  710].  [/.196.] 
Thus  you  may  see  how  prosperously  thus  farre  they  Proviso* 
have  proceeded,  in  which  course  by  Gods  grace  they  may  fge/s™Zr 
continue;   but  great  care  would  be  had  they  pester  not  *?ey£rsai 
their  ships  too  much  with  cattell  nor  passengers,  and  to 
make  good  conditions  for  your  peoples  diet,  for  therein  is 
used  much  legerdemaine :  therefore  in  that  you  cannot 
be  too  carefull  to  keepe  your  men  well,  and  in  health  at 
Sea.     In  this  case  some  masters  are  very  provident,  but 
the  most  part  so  they  can  get  fraught  enough,  care  not 
much  whether  the  passengers  live  or  die ;  for  a  common 
sailer  regards  not  a  landman,  especially  a  poore  passenger ; 
as   I   have   seene   too   oft   approved   by   lamentable    ex- 
perience, although  we  have  victualled  them  all  at  our 
owne  charges. 


CHAPTER    XIII. 

Their  great  supplies,  present  estate  and  accidents  > 
advantage. 

Ho  would  not  thinke  but  that  all  those  trials  1630. 
had  beene  sufficient  to  lay  a  foundation  for  a  J^nt 
plantation ;  but  we  see  many  men  many  mindes,  ^tate. 
,    and  still  new  Lords,  new  lawes  :  for  those  350 
men  with  all  their  cattell  [29]  that  so  well  arived  and 
promised  so  much,  not  being  of  one  body,  but  severall 
mens  servants,  few  could  command  and  fewer  obey,  lived 


954  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [Jct5^! 

[1630]  merrily  of  that  they  had,  neither  planting  or  building  any 
thing  to  any  purpose,  but  one  faire  house  for  the 
Governour,  till  all  was  spent  and  the  winter  approached ; 
then  they  grew  into  many  diseases,  and  as  many  incon- 
veniences, depending  only  of  a  supply  from  England, 
which  expected  Houses,  Gardens,  and  Corne  fields  ready 
planted  by  them  for  their  entertainment. 

It  is  true,  that  Master  Iohn  Wynthrop,  their  now 
Governour,  a  worthy  Gentleman  both  in  estate  and 
esteeme,  went  so  well  provided  (for  six  or  seven  hundred 
people  went  with  him)  as  could  be  devised ;  but  at  Sea, 
such  an  extraordinarie  storme  encountred  his  Fleet,  con- 
tinuing ten  daies,  that  of  two  hundred  Cattell  which 
were  so  tossed  and  bru[i]sed,  threescore  and  ten  died, 
many  of  their  people  fell  sicke,  and  in  this  perplexed  estate, 
after  ten  weekes,  they  arrived  [in  June-July  1630]  in  New- 
England  at  severall  times :  where  they  found  threescore  of 
their  people  dead,  the  rest  sicke,  nothing  done ;  but  all 
complaining,  and  all  things  so  contrary  to  their  expectation, 
that  now  every  monstrous  humor  began  to  shew  it  selfe. 

And  to  second  this,  neare  as  many  more  came  after 
them,  but  so  ill  provided,  with  such  multitudes  of  women 
and  children,  as  redoubled  their  necessities. 
Tfu/ruitso/  This  small  triall  of  their  patience  caused  among  them 
coMHterftit*.  nQ  smau  confusion,  and  put  the  Governour  and  his 
Councell  to  their  utmost  wits.  Some  could  not  endure 
the  name  of  a  Bishop,  others  not  the  sight  of  a  Crosse 
nor  Surplesse,  others  by  no  meanes  the  booke  of  common 
Prayer.  This  absolute  crue,  only  of  the  Elect,  holding 
all  (but  such  as  themselves)  reprobates  and  cast-awaies, 
now  make  more  haste  to  returne  to  Babel  as  they 
tearmed  England,  than  stay  to  enjoy  the  land  they  called 
Canaan  :  somewhat  they  must  say  to  excuse  themselves. 
Those  he  found  Brownists,  hee  let  goe  for  New-Plimoth ; 
who  are  now  betwixt  foure  or  five  hundred,  and  live  well 
without  want. 

Some  two  hundred  of  the  rest  he  was  content  to 
returne  for  England,  whose  clamors  are  as  variable  as 
their  [30]  humours  and  Auditors.  Some  say  they  could 
see  no  timber  of  two  feet  diameter,  some  the  Country 
is  all  Woods  ;  others  they  drunke  all  the  Springs  and 


oTctS?63of]        or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  955 

Ponds  dry,  yet  like  to  famish  for  want  of  fresh  water ;  [1630] 
some  of  the  danger  of  the  rattell  Snake  ;  and  that  others 
sold  their  provisions  at  what  rates  they  pleased  to  them 
that  wanted,  and  so  returned  to  England  great  gainers 
out  of  others  miseries :  yet  all  that  returned  are  not  of 
those  humors. 

Notwithstanding  all  this,  the  noble  Governour  was  no 
way  disanimated,  neither  repents  him  of  his  enterprise  for 
all  those  mistakes :  but  did  order  all  things  with  that  tem- 
perance and  discretion,  and  so  releeved  those  that  wanted 
with  his  owne  provision,  that  there  is  six  or  seven  hundred 
remained  with  him ;  and  more  than  1600.  English  in  all  the 
Country,  with  three  or  foure  hundred  head  of  Cattell. 

As  for  Corne  they  are  very  ignorant,  if  upon  the  coast 
of  America,  they  doe  not  before  the  end  of  this  October 
[1630.  This  fixes  the  date  of  the  writing  of  these  Advertise- 
ments] (for  toies)  furnish  themselves  with  two  or  three 
thousand  bushels  of  Indian  Corne,  which  is  better  than 
ours ;  and  in  a  short  time  cause  the  Salvages  to  doe  them 
as  good  service  as  their  owne  men,  as  I  did  in  Virginia ; 
and  yet  neither  use  cruelty  nor  tyranny  amongst  them  :  a 
consequence  well  worth  putting  in  practice ;  and  till  it 
be  effected,  they  will  hardly  doe  well. 

I  know  ignorance  will  say  it  is  impossible,  but  this 
impossible  taske,  ever  since  the  massacre  in  Virginia  [22 
Mar.  1622],  I  have  been  a  su[i]ter  to  have  undertaken  but 
with  150.  men,  to  have  got  Corne,  fortified  the  Country,  and 
discovered  them  more  land  than  they  all  yet  know  or  have 
demonstrated  [p.  588] :  but  the  Merchants  common  answer 
was,  necessity  in  time  would  force  the  Planters  [to]  doe  it  y.  590.1 
themselves ;  and  rather  thus  husbandly  to  lose  ten  sheepe, 
than  be  at  the  charge  of  a  halfe  penny  worth  of  Tarre. 

Who  is  it  that  knowes  not  what  a  small  handfull  of  Nouwii. 
Spaniards  in  the  West  Indies,  subdued  millions  of  the 
inhabitants,  so  depopulating  those  Countries  they  con- 
quered, that  they  are  glad  to  buy  Negroes  in  Affrica  at  a 
great  rate,  in  Countries  farre  remote  from  them;  which 
although  they  bee  as  idle  and  as  devilish  people  as  any  in 
the  world,  yet  they  cause  them  quickly  to  bee  their  best 
servants.  Notwithstanding,  [31]  there  is  for  every  foure  or 
five  naturall  Spaniards,  two  or  three  hundred  Indians  and 


956  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [JctST<5^! 

[1630]  Negros ;  and  in  Virginia  and  New-England  more  English 
than  Salvages  that  can  assemble  themselves  to  assault  or 
hurt  them,  and  it  is  much  better  to  helpe  to  plant  a 
country  than  unplant  it  and  then  replant  it :  but  there 
Indians  were  in  such  multitudes,  the  Spaniards  had  no 
other  remedy;  and  ours  such  a  few,  and  so  dispersed,  it 
were  nothing  in  a  short  time  to  bring  them  to  labour  and 
obedience. 

It  is  strange  to  me,  that  English  men  should  not  doe  as 
much  as  any ;  but  upon  every  sleight  affront,  in  stead  to 
amend  it,  we  make  it  worse.  Notwithstanding  the  worst 
of  all  those  rumours,  the  better  sort  there  are  constant  in 
their  resolutions,  and  so  are  the  most  of  their  best  friends 
here ;  and  making  provision  to  supply  them,  many  conceit 
they  make  a  dearth  here,  which  is  nothing  so ;  for  they 
would  spend  more  here  than  they  transport  thither. 

One  Ship  this  Summer  [1630]  with  twenty  cattell,  and 
forty  or  fifty  passengers,  arived  all  well ;  and  the  Ship  at 
home  againe  in  nine  weekes :  another  for  all  this  exclama- 
tion of  want,  is  returned  with  10000.  Corfish,and  fourescore 
Kegs  of  Sturgion ;  which  they  did  take  and  save  when  the 
season  was  neare  past,  and  in  the  very  heat  of  Summer ; 
yet  as  good  as  can  be. 

Since  another  ship  is  gone  from  Bristow,  and  many  more 
a  providing  to  follow  them  with  all  speed. 

Thus  you  may  plainly  see  for  all  these  rumours,  they 
are  in  no  such  distresse  as  is  supposed  :  as  for  their  mis- 
chances, misprisions,  or  what  accidents  may  befall  them, 
I  hope  none  is  so  malicious,  as  attribute  the  fault  to  the 
Country  nor  mee :  yet  if  some  blame  us  not  both,  it  were 
more  than  a  wonder.  For  I  am  not  ignorant  that  ignorance 
and  too  curious  spectators,  make  it  a  great  part  of  their 
profession  to  censure  (however)  any  mans  actions,  who 
having  lost  the  path  to  vertue,  will  make  most  excellent 
shifts  to  mount  up  any  way;  such  incomparable  connivency 
is  in  the  Devils  most  punctuall  cheaters,  they  will  hazard 
a  joint,  but  where  God  hath  his  Church  they  wil  have  a 
Chapel ;  a  mischiefe  so  hard  to  be  prevented,  that  I  have 
thus  plainly  adventured  to  shew  my  affection,  [32]  through 
the  weaknesse  of  my  abilitie.  You  may  easily  know  them 
by  their  absolutenesse  in  opinions,  holding  experience  but 


J.  Smith.1 
Oct.  1630.J 


or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation. 


957 


the  mother  of  fooles,  which  indeed  is  the  very  ground  of 
reason  ;  and  he  that  contemnes  her  in  those  actions,  may 
finde  occasion  enough  to  use  all  the  wit  and  wisdome  hee 
hath  to  correct  his  owne  folly,  that  thinkes  to  finde  amongst 
those  salvages  such  Churches,  Palaces,  Monuments,  and 
Buildings  as  are  in  England. 


[1630] 


CHAPTER    XIV. 

Ecclesiastical!  government  in  Virginia,  authority 

from  the  Arch  Bishop,  their  beginning 

at  Bastable  now  called  Salem. 


Ow  because  I  have  spoke  so  much  for  the  body, 
give  me  leave  to  say  somewhat  of  the  soule ; 
and  the  rather  t  :cause  I  have  beene  demanded 
by  so  many,  how  we  beganne  to  preach  the 


Ecclesiasti- 
callgovem- 
ment  in 
Virginia. 


Gospell  in  Virginia,  and  by  what  authority;  what  Churches 
we  had,  our  order  of  service,  and  maintenance  for  our 
Ministers ;  therefore  I  thinke  it  not  amisse  to  satisfie  their 
demands,  it  being  the  mother  of  all  our  Plantations,  intreat- 
ing  pride  to  spare  laughter,  to  understand  her  simple 
beginning  and  proceedings. 

When  I  went  first  to  Virginia,  I  well  remember  wee 
did  hang  an  awning  (which  is  an  old  saile)  to  three  or  foure 
trees  to  shadow  us  from  the  Sunne,  our  walles  were  rales 
of  wood,  our  seats  unhewed  trees  till  we  cut  plankes,  our 
Pulpit  a  bar  of  wood  nailed  to  two  neighbouring  trees.  In 
foule  weather  we  shifted  into  an  old  rotten  tent ;  for  we  had 
few  better,  and  this  came  by  the  way  of  adventure  for  new. 
This  was  our  Church,  till  wee  built  a  homely  thing  like  a 
barne,  set  upon  Cratchets,  covered  with  rafts,  sedge,  and 
earth;  so  was  also  the  walls:  the  best  of  our  houses  [were] 
of  the  like  curiosity ;  but  the  most  part  farre  much  worse 
workmanship,  that  could  neither  well  defend  [from]  wind 
nor  raine. 

Yet  wee  had  daily  Common  Prayer  morning  and  evening,   r/.  $  1.] 
every  Sunday  two  Sermons,  and  every  three  moneths  the 


958  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [J- 


Smith* 
ct.r<*>. 


[1630]  holy  Communion,  till  our  Minister  died  :  but  our  Prayers 
daily,  with  an  Homily  on  Sundaies,  we  continued  two  or 
three  yeares  after,  till  more  Preachers  [33]  came :  and 
surely  God  did  most  mercifully  heare  us,  till  the  continuall 
inundations  of  mistaking  directions,  factions,  and  numbers 
^s-6?"]69,  °^  unProvided  Libertines  neere  consumed  us  all,  as  the 

Israelites  in  the  wildernesse. 
ntZusat  Notwithstanding,  out  of  the  relicks  of  our  miseries,  time 
this  day.  and  experience  had  brought  that  Country  to  a  great  happi- 
nesse ;  had  they  not  so  much  doated  on  their  Tabacco,  on 
whose  furnish  foundation  there  is  small  stability  :  there 
being  so  many  good  commodities  besides.  Yet  by  it  they 
have  builded  many  pretty  Villages,  faire  houses,  and 
Chapels,  which  are  growne  good  Benefices  of  120.  pounds 
a  yeare,  besides  their  owne  mundall  industry.  But  lames 
towne  was  500.  pounds  a  yeare,  as  they  say,  appointed  by 
the  Councell  here,  allowed  by  the  Councell  there,  and 
confirmed  by  the  Archbishop  of  Canterbury  his  Grace, 
Primate  and  Metrapolitan  of  all  England,  An.  1605.  to 
master  Richard  Hacluit  Prebend  of  Westminster :  who  by 
his  authority  sent  master  Robert  Hunt,  an  honest,  religious, 
and  couragious  Divine;  during  whose  life  our  factions 
were  oft  qualified,  our  wants  and  greatest  extremities  so 
comforted,  that  they  seemed  easie  in  comparison  of  what 
we  endured  after  his  memorable  death. 
1/UttZi'/  Now  in  New-England  they  have  all  our  examples  to  teach 
inSaitm.  them  how  to  beware,  and  choice  [choose]  men,  wee  [being] 
most  ignorant  in  all  things,  or  little  better;  therfore  presage 
not  the  event  of  all  such  actions  by  our  defailments  :  For 
they  write,  they  doubt  not  ere  long  to  be  able  to  defend 
themselves  against  any  indifferent  enemy ;  in  the  interim, 
they  have  Preachers  erected  among  themselves,  and  Gods 
true  Religion  (they  say)  taught  amongst  them,  the  Sabbath 
day  observed,  the  common  Prayer  (as  I  understand)  and 
Sermons  performed,  and  diligent  catechizing,  with  strict 
and  carefull  exercise,  and  commendable  good  orders  to 
bring  those  people  with  whom  they  have  to  deale  withall 
into  a  Christian  conversation,  to  live  well,  to  feare  God, 
serve  the  King,  and  love  the  Country  ;  which  done,  in  time 
from  both  those  Plantations  may  grow  a  good  addition  to 
the  Church  of  England :  but  Rome  was  not  built  in  one 


octST63o.]         or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation,  959 

day,  whose  beginnings  was  once  as  unhopefull  as  theirs ;      [1630] 
and  to  make  them  as  eminent  shall  be  my  humble  and 
hearty  prayers.   [34] 

But  as  yet  it  is  not  well  understood  of  any  authority  Tie 
they  have  sought  for  the  government  and  tranquillity  of  j^/ST*/ 
the  Church,  which  doth  cause  those  suspicions  of  factions  fR$lgj£ 
in  Religion ;  wherein  although  I  be  no  Divine,  yet  I  hope 
without  offence  I  may  speake  my  opinion  as  well  in  this, 
as  I  have  done  in  the  rest. 

He  that  will  but  truly  consider  the  greatnesse  of  the 
Turks  Empire  and  power  here  in  Christendome,  shall 
finde  the  naturall  Turkes  are  generally  of  one  religion, 
and  the  Christians  in  so  many  divisions  and  opinions, 
that  they  are  among  themselves  worse  enemies  than 
the  Turkes :  whose  disjoyntednesse  hath  given  him  that 
opportunity  to  command  so  many  hundred  thousand  of 
Christians  as  he  doth ;  where  had  they  beene  constant 
to  one  God,  one  Christ,  and  one  Church,  Christians 
might  have  beene  more  able  to  have  commanded  as 
many  Turkes,  as  now  the  Turkes  doe  poore  miserable 
Christians.  Let  this  example  remember  you  to  beware  of 
faction  in  that  nature :  for  my  owne  part,  I  have  seene 
many  of  you  here  in  London  goe  to  Church  as  orderly 
as  any. 

Therefore  I  doubt  not  but  you  will  seeke  to  the  prime  ™eessttyo, 
authority  of  the  Church  of  England^  for  such  an  orderly  order  and 
authority  as  in  most  mens  opinions  is  fit  for  you  both  to  authortty' 
intreat  for  and  to  have,  which  I  thinke  will  not  be  denied ; 
and  you  have  good  reason,  seeing  you  have  such  liberty 
to  transport  so  many  of  his  Majesties  subjects,  with  all 
sorts  of  cattell,  armes,  and  provision  as  you  please,  and 
can  provide  means  to  accomplish :  nor  can  you  have  any 
certaine  releefe,  nor  long  subsist,  without  more  supplies 
from  England.  Besides,  this  might  prevent  many  incon- 
veniences may  insue,  and  would  clearely  take  away  all 
those  idle  and  malicious  rumours,  and  occasion  you  many 
good  and  great  friends  and  assistance  you  yet  dreame  not 
of ;  for  you  know  better  than  I  can  tell,  that  the  maintainers 
of  good  Orders  and  Lawes  is  the  best  preservation  next 
God  of  a  Kingdome:  but  when  they  are  stuffed  with 
hypocrisie  and  corruption,  that  state  is  not  doubtfull  but 


900  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [J^ . 

[1630]  lamentable  in  a  well  setled  Common-wealth,  much  more 
in  such  as  yours,  which  is  but  a  beginning,  for  as  the 
Lawes  corrupt,  the  state  consumes,  [35] 


CHAPTER    XV. 

The  true  model!  of  a  plantation,  tenure,  increase  of 
trade,  true  examples,  necessity  of  expert  Souldiers, 
the  names  of  all  the  first  discoverers  for  plan- 
tations, and  their  actions,  what  is  requisite 
to  be  in  the  Governour  of  a  plantation, 
the  expedition  of  Queene  Elizabeths 
Sea  Captaines. 


N  regard  of  all  that  is  past,  it  is  better  of  those 
slow  proceedings  than  lose  all,  and  better  to 
amend  late  than  never.  I  know  how  hatefull  it 
is  to  envy,  pride,  flattery,  and  greatnesse  to  be 
advised,  but  I  hope  my  true  meaning  wise  men  will  excuse, 
for  making  my  opinion  plaine  :  I  have  beene  so  often  and 
by  so  many  honest  men  intreated  for  the  rest,  the  more 
they  mislike  it,  the  better  I  like  it  my  selfe. 


Concerning  this  point  of  a  Cittadell,  it  is  not  the  least, 
though  the  last  remembred :  therefore  seeing  you  have 
such  good  meanes  and  power  of  your  owne  I  never  had, 
with  the  best  convenient  speed  may  be  erect  a  Fort,  a 
Castle  or  Cittadell,  which  in  a  manner  is  all  one.  Towards 
the  building,  provision,  and  maintenance  thereof,  every 
man  for  every  acre  he  doth  culturate  to  pay  foure  pence 
yearely,  and  some  small  matter  out  of  every  hundred  of 


JctS?63of|        or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  961 

fish  taken  or  used  within  five  or  ten  miles,  or  as  you  please  [1630] 
about  it;  it  being  the  Center  as  a  Fortresse  for  ever 
belonging  to  the  State,  and  when  the  charge  shall  be 
defrayed  to  the  chiefe  undertaker  (in  reason)  let  him  be 
Governour  for  his  life  :  the  overplus  to  goe  forward  to  the 
erecting  another  in  like  manner  in  a  most  convenient 
place;  and  so  one  after  another,  as  your  abilities  can 
accomplish,  by  benevolences,  forfeitures,  fines,  and  imposi- 
tions, as  reason  and  the  necessitie  of  the  common  good 
requireth ;  all  men  holding  their  lands  on  those  manners 
as  they  doe  of  Churches,  Universities,  and  Hospitals,  but 
all  depending  upon  one  principall,  and  this  would  avoid 
all  faction  among  the  Superiours,  extremities  from  the 
comminalty,  and  none  would  repine  at  such  payments, 
when  they  shall  see  it  justly  imployed  for  their  owne 
defence  and  security.  As  for  corruption  in  so  small  a 
Government ;  you  may  quickly  perceive,  and  punish  it 
accordingly.   [36] 


Now  as  his  Majesty  hath  made  you  custome-free  for  ^dition, 
seven  yeares,  have  a  care  that  all  your  Country  men  [that]   of  trade 
shall  come  to  trade  with  you,  be  not  troubled  with  Pilatage,  "^do,™ 
Boyage.  Anc[h]orage,  Wharfage,  Custom e,  or  any  such  tricks 
as  hath   beene  lately  used  in  most   of  new  Plantations, 
where  they  would   be   Kings  before   their  folly ;   to  the 
discouragement  of  many,  and  a  scorne  to  them  of  under- 
standing :  for  Dutch,  French,  Biskin,  or  any  will  as  yet 
use  freely  the   Coast   without   controule,    and  why  not 
English  as  well  as  they. 

Therefore  use  all  commers  with  that  respect,  courtesie, 
and  liberty  [that]  is  fitting ;  which  in  a  short  time  will  much 
increase  your  trade,  and  shipping  to  fetch  it  from  you : 
for  as  yet  it  were  not  good  to  adventure  any  more  abroad 
with  factors  till  you  bee  better  provided.  Now  there  is 
nothing  more  inricheth  a  Common-wealth  than  much 
trade :  nor  no  meanes  better  to  increase  than  small 
custome,  as  Holland,  Genua,  Ligorne,  and  divers  other 
those  places  can  well  tell  you ;  and  doth  most  beggar 
places  where  they  take  most  custome,  as  Turkie,  the 
Archibdagan  lies,  Cicilia,  the  Spanish  ports,  but  that  their 

61 


962  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced,  [itfSJt 

[1630]      officers  will  connive  to  inrich  themselves,  though  undoe 
the  State. 


In  this  your  infancy,  imagine  you  have  many  eyes 
attending  your  actions,  some  for  one  end,  and  some  onely 
to  finde  fault ;  neglect  therefore  no  opportunity,  to  informe 
his  Majesty  truly  your  [of]  orderly  proceedings,  which  if  it  be 
to  his  liking,  and  contrary  to  the  common  rumour  here  in 
England,  doubtlesse  his  Majesty  will  continue  you  custome 
free,  till  you  have  recovered  your  selves,  and  are  able  to 
subsist. 

For  till  such  time,  to  take  any  custome  from  a  Plantation 
is  not  the  way  to  make  them  prosper ;  nor  is  it  likely  those 
Patentees  shall  accomplish  any  thing,  that  will  neither 
maintaine  them  nor  defend  them,  but  with  Countenances, 
Councells,  and  advice,  which  any  reasonable  man  there  may 
better  advise  himselfe,  than  one  thousand  of  them  here  who 
were  never  there :  nor  will  any  man,  that  hath  any  wit, 
throw  himselfe  into  such  a  kinde  of  subjection,  especially 
at  his  owne  cost  and  charges ;  but  it  is  too  oft  seene  that 
sometimes  one  is  enough  to  deceive  one  hundred,  but  two 
hundred  not  sufficient  to  keepe  one  from  being  deceived.  [37] 
shards  I  speak  not  this  to  discourage  any  with  vaine  feares, 
ziory.  but  could  wish  every  English  man  to  carry  alwaies  this 
Motto  in  his  heart ;  Why  should  the  brave  Spanish 
Souldiers  brag;  The  Sunne  never  sets  in  the  Spanish 
dominions,  but  ever  shineth  on  one  part  or  other  we  have 
conquered  for  our  King  :  who  within  these  few  hundred  of 
yeares,  was  one  of  the  least  of  most  of  his  neighbours ;  but 
to  animate  us  to  doe  the  like  for  ours,  who  is  no  way  his 
inferior. 

And  truly  there  is  no  pleasure  comparable  to  [that  of] 
a  generous  spirit ;  as  good  imploiment  in  noble  actions, 
especially  amongst  Turks,  Heathens,  and  Infidels ;  to  see 
daily  new  Countries,  people,  fashions,  governments,  strata- 
gems ;  [to]  releeve  the  oppressed,  comfort  his  friends,  passe 
miseries,  subdue  enemies,  adventure  upon  any  feazable 
danger  for  God  and  his  Country.  It  is  true,  it  is  a  happy 
thing  to  be  borne  to  strength,  wealth,  and  honour;  but 
that  which  is  got  by  prowesse  and  magnanimity  is  the 


JcuS.*]         or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  963 

truest  lustre  :  and  those  can  the  best  distinguish  content,      [1630] 
that  have  escaped  most  honourable  dangers  ;  as  if,  out  of 
every  extremity,  he  found  himselfe  now  [?  new]  borne  to  a 
new  life,  to  learne  how  to  amend  and  maintaine  his  age. 


Those  harsh  conclusions  have  so  oft  plundered  me  in  Provisoes 
those  perplexed  actions,  that  if  I  could  not  freely  expresse  ^/JESS** 
my  selfe  to  them  [who]  doth  second  them,  I  should  thinke 
my  selfe  guilty  of  a  most  damnable  crime  worse  than  ingra- 
titude ;  however  some  over-weining  capricious  conceits 
may  attribute  it  to  vaine-glory,  ambition,  or  what  other 
idle  Epithete  such  pleased  to  bestow  on  me.  But  such 
trash  I  so  much  scorne,  that  I  presume  further  to  advise 
those,  lesse  advised  than  my  selfe,  that  as  your  fish  and 
trade  increaseth,  so  let  your  forts  and  exercise  of  armes  ; 
drilling  your  men  at  your  most  convenient  times,  to  ranke, 
file,  march,  skirmish,  and  retire,  in  file,  manaples,  battalia, 
or  ambuskados,  which  service  there  is  most  proper ;  also 
how  to  assault  and  defend  your  forts,  and  be  not  sparing 
of  a  little  extraordinary  shot  and  powder  to  make  them 
mark-men,  especially  your  Gentlemen,  and  those  you  finde 
most  capable,  for  shot  must  be  your  best  weapon :  yet  all 
this  will  not  doe  unlesse  you  have  at  least  100.  or  as 
many  as  you  can,  of  expert,  blouded,  approved  good  Soul- 
diers,  who  dare  boldly  lead  them ;  not  to  shoot  a  ducke,  a 
goose  or  a  dead  marke,  but  at  men,  from  whom  you  must 
expect  such  as  you  send. 

The  want  of  [38]  this,  and  the  presumptuous  assurance 
of  literall  Captaines,  was  the  losse  of  the  French  and 
Spaniards  in  Florida,  each  surprising  other;  and  lately 
neare  the  ruine  of  Mevis,  and  Saint  Christophers  in  the 
Indies  [pp.  901, 910]:  also  the  French  at  Port  Riall  [p.  517], 
and  those  at  Canada,  now  your  next  English  neighbours : 
Lastly,  Cape  Britton  not  far  from  you,  called  New-Scotland, 

Questionlesse  there  were  some  good  Souldiers  among 
them,  yet  somewhat  was  the  cause  they  were  undone  by 
those  that  watched  the  advantage  of  opportunity :  for  as 
rich  preyes  make  true  men  theeves;  so  you  must  not 
expect,  if  you  be  once  worth  taking  and  unprovided,  but 
by  some  to  bee   attempted  in  the  like   manner :  to  the 


964  Advertisements  for  the  vnexpei'ienced,  [Jct^ 


Smith. 
1630. 


[1630]  prevention  whereof,  I  have  not  beene  more  willing,  at  the 
request  of  my  friends  to  print  this  discourse,  than  I  am 
ready  to  live  and  dye  among  you,  upon  conditions  su[i]ting 
my  calling  and  profession  to  make  good;  and  [to  make] 
Virginia  and  New-England,  my  heires,  executors,  adminis- 
trators and  assignes. 

i0?£reuce       Now  because  I  cannot  expresse   halfe  that  which  is 

Vf mow     necessary    for    your    full    satisfaction     and    instruction 

prime  dis-     belonging  to  this   businesse   in   this  small   pamphlet,  I 

coverts       referre  vou  to  the  generall  history  of  Virginia,  the  Summer 

pianttrs.      j]eSj  an(j  ^  Cw -England ;  wherein  you  may  plainly  see  all 

the  discoveries,  plantations,  accidents,  the  misprisions  and 

causes  of  defailments  of  all  those  noble  and  worthy  Cap- 

taines;  Captaine  Philip  Amadas,  and  Barlow;  that  most 

W-  303-340-1  renowned  Knight  Sir  Richard  Greenvile,  worthy  Sir  Ralph 

Layne,  and  learned  Master  Hariot,  Captaine  Iohn  White, 

Captaine  Bartholomew  Gosnold,  Captaine  Martin  Pring,  and 

George  Waymouth ;  with  mine  owne  observations  by  sea, 

rivers  and  land,  and  all  the  governours  that  yearely  suc- 

[//. 625-688.]  ceeded   mee   in   Virginia.     Also   those   most   industrious 

Captaines,  Sir  George  Summers,  and   Sir  Thomas  Gates ; 

with   all   the    governours   that   succeeded    them    in   the 

\tp.  696-7.]    Summer  lies.      Likewise  the   plantation  of  Sagadahock) 

by  those  noble  Captaines,  George  Popham,  Rawley  Gilbert, 

Edward  Harlow,  Robert  Davis,   lames  Davis,  Iohn  Davis, 

and  divers  others ;  with  the  maps  of  those  Countries. 

With  it  [or  rather  in  The  true  Travels  &c]  also   you 

W- 895-9"-]  may  finde  the  plantations  of  Saint  Christophers,  Mevis,  the 

Berbados,  and   the   great   river  of  the  Amazons;   whose 

greatest  defects,  and  the  best  meanes  to  amend  them  are 

there  yearely  recorded,  to  be  warnings  and  examples  to 

them  that  are  not  too  wise  to  learne  to  understand.  1.39J 


What  is 
requisite  to 


This  great  worke,  though  small  in  conceit,  is  not  a 

Gmernow    wor^e  f°T  every  one  to  mannage  such  an  affaire,  as  make  a 

of  a  discovery,  and  plant  a  Colony,  it  requires  all  the  best  parts 

W?w,7o5-]  °^  art'  judgement,  courage,  honesty,  constancy,  diligence, 

and  industry,  to  doe  but  neere  well ;  some  are  more  proper 

for  one  thing  than  another,  and  therein  best  to  be  imployed, 


JctST63o.]        or  the  Path-way  to  erect  a  Plantation.  965 

and  nothing  breeds  more  confusion  than  misplacing  and  [1630] 
misimploying  men  in  their  undertakings.  Columbus ,  Curtes, 
Pitzara,  Zotto,  Magellanus,  and  the  rest,  served  more  than 
an  apprentiship  to  learne  how  to  begin  their  most  memor- 
able attempts  in  the  West  Indies,  which  to  the  wonder  of 
all  ages,  successfully  they  effected ;  when  many  hundreds 
farre  above  them  in  the  worlds  opinion,  being  instructed 
but  by  relation,  scorning  to  follow  their  blunt  examples, 
but  in  great  state,  with  new  inventions,  came  to  shame 
and  confusion  in  actions  of  small  moment,  who  doubtlesse 
in  other  matters,  were  both  wise,  discreet,  generous  and 
couragious.  I  say  not  this  to  detract  any  thing  from  their 
noblenesse,  state,  nor  greatnesse ;  but  to  answer  those 
questionlesse  questions  that  keepe  us  from  imitating  the 
others  brave  spirits,  that  advanced  themselves  from  poore 
Souldiers  to  great  Captaines,  their  posterity  to  great 
Lords,  and  their  King  to  be  one  of  the  greatest  potentates 
on  earth,  and  the  fruits  of  their  labours  his  greatest  glory, 
power,  and  renowne. 

Till  his  greatnesse  and  security  made  his  so  rich  remote  f**.m 
and  dispersed  plantations  such  great  booties  and  honours,  eo/qu!lnT 
to  the  incomparable  Sir  Fr.  Drake,  the  renowned  Captain  f™beths 
Candish,  Sir  Richard  Luson,  Sir  John  Hawkins,  Captaine  ca/taines. 
Carlile,  and  Sir  Martin  Furbisher,  &c.  and  the  most 
memorable  and  right  honourable  Earles,  Cumberland,  Essex, 
Southampton,  and  Nottingham  that  good  L[ord],  Admirall; 
with  many  hundreds  of  brave  English  Souldiers,  Cap- 
taines and  Gentlemen,  that  have  taught  the  Hollanders  to 
doe  the  like.  Those  would  never  stand  upon  a  demurre 
who  should  give  the  first  blow,  when  they  see  [saw]  peace 
was  onely  but  an  empty  name,  and  no  sure  league,  but 
impuissance  to  doe  hurt ;  found  it  better  to  buy  peace  by 
warre,  than  take  it  up  at  interest  of  those  [that]  could 
better  guide  penknives  than  use  swords.  And  there  is 
no  misery  worse  than  [to]  be  conducted  by  a  foole,  or 
commanded  by  a  coward;  for  who  can  indure  to  be 
assaulted  by  any,  see  his  men  and  selfe  imbrued  in  their 
owne  bloud,  for  feare  of  a  checke,  [40]  when  it  is  so 
contrary  to  nature  and  necessity,  and  yet  as  obedient  to 
government  and  their  Soveraigne,  as  duty  required. 


966  Advertisements  for  the  vnexperienced.  [JcuTili 

[1630]  Now  your  best  plea  is  to  stand  upon  your  guard,  and 

provide  to  defend  as  they  did  offend,  especially  at  landing. 
If  you  be  forced  to  retire,  you  have  the  advantage  five  for 
one  in  your  retreat,  wherein  there  is  more  discipline, 
than  in  a  brave  charge :  and  though  it  seeme  lesse  in 
fortune,  it  is  as  much  in  valour  to  defend  as  to  get ;  but 
it  is  more  easie  to  defend  than  assault,  especially  in  woods 
where  an  enemy  is  ignorant. 

Lastly,  remember  as  faction,  pride,  and  security,  pro- 
duces nothing  but  confusion,  miserie,  and  dissolution  ;  so 
the  contraries  well  practised  will  in  short  time  make 
you  happy,  and  the  most  admired  people  of 
all  our  plantations  for  your  time 
in  the  world. 

lohn  Smith  writ  this  with  his  owne  hand. 


The  last  Will^  and  Epitaph  of 

Captain  John  Smith. 

1631. 


Last  Will,  and  Epitaph  of 
Captain  John  Smith. 

E  have  printed  the  following  from  the  original  Will  in  the 
Will  Office  of  the  Prerogative  Court  at  Somerset  House, 
London.     It  is  numbered  St.  John  89. 

It  would  seem  from  the  wording  of  this  Will,  as  if  our 
Author  died  in  the  house  of  Sir  SAMUEL  Saltonstall, 
in  St.  Sephulchre's  parish. 

The     Will. 

In  the  name  of  God  Amen.  The  one  and  twentieth  daie  of  June 
in  the  seaventh  yeare  of  the  reigne  of  our  soveraigne  lord 
Charles  by  the  grace  of  God  King  of  England,  Scotland  France 
and  Ireland  Defendour  of  the  faith  &c. 

I  Captain  Iohn  Smith  of  the  parish  of  St.  Sepulchers  London 
Esquiour,  being  sicke  in  body,  but  of  perfect  mynde  and 
memory,  thankes  be  given  vnto  Allmightie  God  therefore, 
Revoking  all  former  wills  by  me  heretofore  made,  Doe  make 
and  ordeine  this  my  last  will  and  testament  in  manner  fol- 
lowing. First  I  commend  my  soule  into  the  handes  of 
Allmightie  God  my  maker  hoping  through  the  merites 
of  Christ  Iesus  my  Redeemer  to  receave  full  remission  of  all 
my  sinnes,  and  to  inherit  a  place  in  the  euerlasting  kingdome. 
My  body  I  committ  to  the  earth  from  whence  it  came,  to  be 
interred  according  to  the  discrecion  of  myne  Executours  here- 
under named.  And  of  suche  worldly  goodes  whereof  it  hath 
pleased  God  in  his  mercie  to  make  me  an  vnworthie  Re- 
ceaver,  I  giue  and  bequeath  them  as  hereafter  followeth. 


970  [Last  Will  and  Epitaph  of  Captain  John  Smith.  aijunei63i. 

First  I  give  and  bequeath  vnto  Thomas  Packer  Esquiour  one  of 
the  Clerkes  of  His  Maiesties  Privy  Seale,  and  to  his  heires 
for  euer,  all  my  houses  landes  tenementes  and  hereditamentes 
whatsoeuer  scituate  lyenge  and  being  in  the  parishes  of 
Lowthe  and  greate  Carleton  [p.  xx]  in  the  Countie  of  Lincolne 
together  with  my  Coate  of  Armes.  Item  my  Will  and  mean- 
inge  is,  that  in  consideracion  thereof  the  sayd  Thomas  Packer 
shall  disburse  and  pay  all  such  sommes  of  money  and 
legacies  as  hereafter  in  this  my  Will  are  giuen  bequeathed 
and  reserued  not  exceeding  the  somme  of  fowerscore  poundes 
of  Lawfull  mony  of  England,  That  is  to  saie  :  First  I  reserue 
vnto  my  self  to  be  disposed  as  I  shall  thynke  good  in  my  life 
tyme,  the  somme  of  twentie  pounds.  Item  he  shall  disburse 
about  my  funerall  the  somme  of  twentie  poundes.  Item  I 
give  and  bequeath  out  of  the  residue  of  the  fourscore  poundes 
as  followeth,  viz1  I  give  and  bequeath  unto  my  much  honored 
and  most  worthie  friend  Sir  Samuel  Saltonstall  Knight  the 
somme  of  fyve  poundes.  Item  to  Mistris  Tredway  the  somme 
of  fyve  poundes.  Item  to  my  sister  Smith  the  Widowe  of  my 
brother  the  some  of  tenn  poundes.  Item  to  my  cousin  Steven 
Smith  and  his  sister  the  somme  [of]  six  poundes  thirteene 
shillinges  and  fower  pence  betweene  them.  Item  to  the  said 
Thomas  Packer,  loan  his  wife  and  Eleanour  his  Daughter  the 
somme  of  Tenne  poundes  among  them.  Item  to  Master 
Reynoldes  the  Saymaster  [Assay  Master]  of  the  Gt>uldsmiths 
Hall,  the  somme  of  fortie  shillinges.  All  which  legacies  my 
meaning  and  Will  is  shall  be  paid  by  the  said  Thomas  Packer 
his  heires  executours  or  administratours  within  one  yeare 
after  my  Decease. 

Item,  I  give  vnto  Thomas  Packer,  sonne  of  the  above  sayd 
Thomas  Packer,  my  trunck  standing  in  my  chamber  at  Sir 
Samuell  Saltonstalls  house  in  St  Sepulchers  parish,  together 
with  my  best  suite  of  aparrell,  of  a  tawney  color,  viz1  hose 
doublet  ierkin  and  cloake. 

Item  I  give  unto  him  my  trunke  bound  with  iron  barres  standing 
in  the  house  of  Richard  Hinde  in  Lambeth,  togeather  with 
halfe  the  bookes  therein,  to  be  chosen  by  the  said  Thomas 
Packer  and  allowed  by  myne  Executours ;  and  the  other  halfe 
parte  of  the  bookes  I  giue  unto  Master  Iohn  Tredeskyn  [?  Tra- 
descant]  and  the  said  Richard  Hynde  to  be  divided  betweene 
them. 


ai  June  1631.  Last  Will  and  Epitaph  of  Captain  John  Smith.]  97 1 

Item,  I  nominate  apointe  and  ordeine  my  said  much  honored 
friend  Sir  Samuel  Saltonstall  and  the  said  Thomas  Packer  the 
elder,  ioynt  executours  of  this  my  last  Will  and  testament. 

the  marke  of  the  +  sayd  Iohn  Smithe. 

Read  acknowledged,  sealed  and  deliuered  by  the  said  Captain 
Iohn  Smith  to  be  his  last  Will  and  testament  in  the  presence  of 
us  who  have  subscribed  our  names 

per  me  Willelmum  Keble  Senior  civitatis  London, 

William  Packer 

Elizabeth  Sewster 

Marmaduke  Walker,  +  his  marke. 
Wytnes. 

Probate  issued  to  Thomas  Parker  on  1  July,  1631. 


The    Epitaph, 

Two  years  after  our  Author's  death,  appeared  MUNDAY  and  Dyson's  enlarged 
edition  of  Stow's  Survey  of  London,  1633  ;  in  which,  at^.  779,  will  be  found  the 
following  Epitaph : 

This  Table   is  on  the  South   side 

of  the  Quire  in  Saint  Sepulchers, 

with  this  Inscription. 

To  the  living  Memory  of  his  deceased  Friend,  Captaine 
Iohn  Smith,  who  departed  this  mortall 
life  on  the  21.  day  of  Iune,  1631. 
With  his   Armes,   and   this   Motto, 
Accordamus.     Vincere  est  vivere. 
Here  lies  one  conquer'd  that  hath  conquer'd  Kings, 
Subdu'd  large  Territories,  and  done  things 
Which  to  the  World  impossible  would  seeme, 
But  that  the  truth  is  held  in  more  esteeme. 


972      {Last  Will and  Epitaph  of  Captain  John  Smith.      x63i 

Shall  I  report  his  former  service  done 
In  honour  of  his  God  and  Christendome: 
How  that  he  did  divide  from  Pagans  three, 
Their  Heads  and  Lives,  Types  of  his  Chivalry : 
For  which  great  service  in  that  Climate  done, 
Brave  Sigismundus  (King  of  Hungarion) 
Did  give  him  as  a  Coat  of  Armes  to  weare, 
Those  conquer'd  heads  got  by  his  Sword  and  Speare? 

Or  shall  I  tell  of  his  adventures  since, 
Done  in  Virginia,  that  large  Continence : 
How  that  he  subdu'd  Kings  unto  his  yoke, 
And  made  those  Heathen  flie,  as  wind  doth  smoke  ; 
And  made  their  Land,  being  of  so  large  a  Station, 
A  habitation  for  our  Christian  Nation : 
Where  God  is  glorifi'd,  their  wants  suppli'd, 
Which  else  for  necessaries  might  have  di'd  ? 

But  what  availes  his  Conquest,  now  he  lyes 
Inter'd  in  earth,  a  prey  for  Wormes  and  Flies  ? 
O  may  his  soule  in  sweet  Elizium  sleepe, 
Vntill  the  Keeper  that  all  soules  doth  keepe, 
Returne  to  Iudgement,  and  that  after  thence, 
With  Angels  he  may  have  his  recompence. 

Captaine  John  Smith,  sometime  Governour 
of  Virginia,  and  Admirall  of 

New  England. 


INDEX 


All  personal  Names  (except  in  the  Titles  and  Contents  pages,  and  the 
List  of  Adventurers  at  pp.  549-560);  and  also  of  all  names  of  places  in  the 
New  World. 

The  following  abbreviations  have  been  used:— Pres.,  President;  Gov.,  Governor;  Bp.,  Bishop;  Rev.. 
Reverend;  Col.,  Colonel;  Maj.,  Major;  Capt.,  Captain;  Lieut.,  Lieutenant;  Ens.,  Ensign;  Serg, 
Sergeant;  Corp.,  Corporal;  (?)  signifies  that  the  Christian  name  is  not  given. 

The  spelling  of  the  Indian  names  in  the  text  is  often  inconsistent,  c  and  k,  i  and  y,  u  and  «  frequently 
interchanging,  and  vowels  being  occasionally  dropped  out :  therefore  references  have  been  given  to  words 
that  seem  to  be  the  same,  regardless  of  variations  of  spelling. 

The  same  word,  as  indexed,  may  therefore  signify  chief,  tribe,  wigwam,  district,  or  river.  Possibly,  also, 
two  persons  of  the  same  name  are  occasionally  indexed  as  one.  Where  places  are  well  known,  they  are 
given  in  the  modern  spelling. 

Most  of  the  Old  World  names  of  places  in  the  text,  will  also  be  found  in  the  Itineraries  at//,  xxv-xxviii. 


Aa,  P.  Van  der    .     .     .      cxxxi-ii 

Aaron xci 

Abbay,  T.    .     42,  86,  88,  129,  445 
Abbot ;  Archbishop  of  Canter- 
bury, George 920 

Abbot,  F 217,  732 

Abbot,  J.      108,  131, 159,  384, 

,,     4".  448,  46S,  476,  508 

Abbot,  M 663 

Abdy,  A 664 

Aberdeen  in  New  England,232,7oo 
Abraham    ....  228,  741,  934 
Accomack,  cxxxiv,  55,  69, 109, 
192,  205,  232,  351,  365,  413, 
567,  569.  595.  6991  7°7>  7*9>  884 
Accommticus  .  192,  204,  206, 

232,  699,  706,  718,  720,  938 

Acocisco 721 

Acohanock 55,  351 

Acquintanacksuak     .    .      53,  349 

Acrig,  G 132,  448 

Acton,  (?) 311 

Adam,  a  Dutchman .  139,  456, 

477i  487 
Adam  and  Eve  .  228,  568,  741, 934 

Adams,  Capt.  (?) xcv 

Adams,  H.  B cxviii 

Adling,  H 390 

Agamatack  or  Appamatuck  .  7 
Aggawom     .       192,  232,  697, 

699,  706,  938 

Aywyvfiog 288 

Aladin,  Pasha 849 

Alberton,  R 108,  412 

Atderton,  1 782 

Alderton,  Mrs 7?2 

Alexander,  Sir  W.  .  .  cxxxiii 
Alexander  the  Great  .  180,  504 
Alicock,  Ens.  J.,  lxxi,  xc,  93,  39° 

Allen,  (?) 3« 

Altom,  Capt 767 

Amadas,  Capt.  P.   .    280,  283, 

305-11,  3*9>  9^5 

Amalgro,  (?) 580 

Amazon  river  .     .    896-8,  939,  964 

America,  passim. 

Ames,  J 42 


Amocis 38 

Amoris,  Pasha  ....     833,  835 

Amoroleck 428-9 

Amphion xci 

Anchanachuck      19 

Ancocisco  .     .    192,  203,  206, 

232,  700,  706,  717, 938 
Ancocisco's  Mount  .     .     232,  700 

Angoam 204 

Anmoughcawgen    .    232, 700, 

706,  717,  938 
Anne,  Cape,  xxii,  cxxxiv,  232, 

259,  699,  718,  720, 783,  926 

Anne,  Queen 530 

Anone 20 

Antigua 903 

Apalatsi xli 

Apamatecoh Iv 

Apanaock 12 

Apelles 921 

Ap  Hugh,  D 129,  445 

Aplon,  Serg.  (?) 900 

Apocant  ........     14 

Appamatuck    .    xlix,  lv,  lxv, 
18,  25,  50-2,  79,   130,  346, 
347.  348,  375, ,400,  447,  5™,  583 
Appamatuck,  Chieftainess  of, 

xlix,  lv,  7,  25,  400 
Aquascogoc      ....    311,  327 

Aquohanock 567 

Arahatec     .  xliii-1,  Hi,  lv,  6,  7,  79 
Arahatecoh  ......    .xliii 

Arahatec's  Joy      .  xliii,  xlv,  xivii 

Arawacos 906 

Archer,  Capt.  G.  .  xxxii,  xl-i, 
lxii,  lxxiv-v,  lxxix,  lxxx-i, 
lxxxii-iii,  lxxxv-vii,  xc,  xciv- 
viii,  5,  10,  22,  23,  93,  97, 
105,  161,    164,   166,  389,  394, 

408,  444,  479,  482,  484,  500 

Archer,  H 871-72 

Archer's   Hope,  8  miles  from 

James  town lxvi 

Argal,Capt.,  afterwards  Sir  S., 
xcvi,  xcviii,  ci,  civ,  cix,  cxviii, 
cxxix,  159,  166,  171-3,  476, 
503,506,  511-2,  515,  517,  521, 
527.  S29.  535-6.   538-9,   54o, 

601,  613 


Argent,  Dr.  (?) 603 

Argent,  J 603-5 

Arrohateck 79,  375 

Arrowhatocks  ....      51,  347 

Arsahattock 508 

Arsatecke,       Arsetecke,       or 

Arahatec 6,  7 

Arseek 415 

Arsek 11 1,  415 

Arthor's  assigns 664 

Arthur 283,  303 

Arundell,  J 310-n 

Arundell ;  Thomas,  Baron  of 

Warder 337 

Asbie,  J lxxi 

Ascacap 13 

Asher,  G.  M cxix 

Ashley,  A 802 

Ashton,  J.    .....     .  cxxxii 

Aspinet 757 

Aspinwall,  Col 2 

Assacomoco 568 

Assan,  Pasha 833-4 

Atquacke      601 

Atquanachukes     ...     55,  351 

Atquanahucke       119 

Atquanchuck   .    55, 119,  124, 

351,  423,  437 
Attamuspmcke  .  .  .  .  .  13 
Attanoughkomouch.the  Indian 

name  for  Virginia    .    .      cxxxvi 

Attoughcomoco 567 

Augawoam 764,  938 

Augoam 718 

Auguan 951 

Aumughcawgen,  192,203,706, 

7»7»  938 
Ayres,  T 663 

B 

Bacon,  Sir  F.  ;  Baron  Veru- 

lam       cxxi 

Baggly  [?  Bagnall\,  A.      .     .  132 
Bagnall,  Surg.    A.,  116,   384, 

421,  427,  432-3,  449 

Bagnell 664 

Bahanna 232,  700 

Bahoma,  Gulf  of      ....  xc* 


974      Baker. 


Index  . 


Canterbury. 


Baker ;  Steward  to  Captain 
Smith,  D.,  217,  221,  223,  732,  734 

Baldivia 197,  711 

Baldwine,  (?) 575~6 

Bale,  J 664 

Bancroft;  Richard  .Archbishop 
of  Canterbury     .     .     .     xci,  958 
Banke,  The     .     .     .  227,  736,  740 

Banks,  J 664 

Barbadoes  .     .     902,906,910,964 

Barber,  G 607 

Barbotier,  De  la  .     .     .     .    633-4 

Bargrave,  Rev.  T 566 

Bargraves,  Capt.  (?)      ...  540 

Barker,  J 654-5 

Barkley's  assigns,  G.  .  .  663-4 
Barlow,  Capt.  A.  .  .  .  305-10 
Barlow.  (?)  .     .     .      cxxxv,  2,  964 

Barmadas 48,  344 

Barnard,  J 687 

Barnes,  J 42 

Barnes,  R 108,  411 

Barnet,  W 888 

Barra,  Capt 224,  736 

Barret,  (?) 646 

Barret,  Serg.  T 542 

Barron,  C 664 

Barrow  (?),  a  pirate  ....  914 

Bartlet,  (?) 645-6 

Barty  [i.e.,  Berth's  Isles,  see 
Lindsey]  Isles  in  New  Eng- 
land      ....      232,  700,  766 

Barty,  P 822 

Barwicke,  Capt.  (?)  .     .     .     .  571 
Barwick    [i.e.,     Berwick]    in 
New  England       .     .     .  232,  699 
Bashabes  of  Pennobscot    .     . 

192,  206,  339-40,  706,  720 

Baskerfield,  (?) 852 

Basse  [i.e.,  Bass]  in  New  Eng- 
land, The 232,  700 

Basse,  Lieut.  (?)  .     .     .     .     .  576 
Bast  able  [i.e.,  Barnstable]  in 
New  England     .     .  232,  699, 949 

Bates,  (?) 800 

Bavell,  (?) 852 

Bayley,  R 329 

Bayley,  W 108,  411 

Beadle,  G.  .     .    126,  129,  439,  445 

Beadle,  J 129,  445 

Beast,  B lxxu,  300 

Becam lx 

Becklefield  .  .  841,  847,  849 
Beckwith,  W.      .     .     .     108,  412 

Bedford's  Tribe 662 

Begolgi 851 

Beheathland,  R.  .  .  93,  101, 
i3»»  139.  I42-3.  300,  404,  448, 

456,  458-9 

Belfield,  R 108,  412 

Bell,  H 129,446 

Bell,  P 889 

Benifield,  (?) 900 

Bentley,  W.      .  108, 121,  158, 

4".  448,475 
Berkley  s  plantation,  Capt  (?)  582 

Bermondas 172 

Bermondoes     .     .     .     .     .     .  171 

Bermuda  .  xciv,  exxii,  exxix, 
cxxxiii,48,  171,  191,  244,  268, 


344.  499i  50i»  503.  5*0.  5I6~7» 

613,6x5,  625,  633,  635,  638-9, 

645,  681 

Bernardo 903 

Bernard's  assigns,  J.  .  .  .  662 
Bernard's  heirs,  J.  .  .  .  663-4 
Bertie,  afterwards  Lord  Wil- 

loughby     d'     Eresby,    and 

created    on    26    Nov.    1626 

Earl  of  Lindsey ;  the  Hon. 

Peregrine 822,  827 

Best,  fa) 663 

Best,  Capt.  E 696 

Beverley,  R cxxxiii 

Bickar's  house,  W 583 

Bicque lx 

Bishop  (?),  a  pirate    ....  914 

Billington,  F 753 

Bims,  R 898,  900 

Bishop  (?),  a  pirate    ....  914 

Bishop,  T 852 

Blasco 580 

Blount,  Capt.  (?)       ....  561 

Bockner,  T 311 

Bogall  Pasha 853 

Bohemia,  Queen  of  ...     .  277 

Bohun,  Dr 506,  548 

Bolus  river.     .     53,111,116, 

,    ,  349,421,424 

Bond,  (?) 900 

Bond,  M 664 

Bonit's  Plantation,  E.  .     .     .  583 

Bonniel,  J cxxxiii 

Boothe,  Serg.  W.  .  .  .  528-9 
Bos«pn  in  New  England    .    . 

exxxiv,  232,  699 
Bough  (?),  a  pirate    ....  914 

Bourchier,  Sir  H 621 

B[o]urne 800 

Bourne,  J.  .  .  109, 116,  131,  421 
Bourne,  J.  ....     .     108,  413 

Bourne,  Point 424 

Bourne,  W 802 

Bouth,  I xo8,  412 

Box,  W. 479,  503-4 

Boyse  s  wife 593 

Bradford  [Second  Governor  0/ 

the  Pilgrim   Fathers],  W., 

xi,  exxxii,  750,  762,  782 

Bradley,  T 129,  445 

Bradshaw,  H xvii 

Braithwait,  R 814 

Brandon   .     .  .    .  283, 303 

Branford  [i.e.,  Bradford,  IV.]  751 
Brazil      .     .     .  lviii,  225,  737,  939 

Bremige,  (?) 310 

Breton,  Cape  ....  634,  963 
Brewster,  W.  [Ruling:  Elder 

of  the  Pilgrim  Fathers] .  .  782 
Brickley  Hundred    .     .    .  582-83 

Brierton,  J 335 

Brimstead,  Capt.  (?)  ...  873 
Brinsley,  Rev.  J.  .  .  cxxxiii 
Brinton,  E.       .     94,  123,  131, 

138-9.  390,  436.  448.  455.  456 
Bristow  [i.e.,  Bristol]  in  New 

England 232,  699 

Bristow,  R 108,  412 

Britton,  J 664 

Brock,  R.  A.        ...    xiv,  xvii 


Brocket,  Capt.  (!)  ....  873 
Brookes,  E.  .  .  .  lx,  94,  390 
Brookes,  J.      .     .    .    xli,  93,  390 

Brookes,  Sir  J 590 

Broumfield,  A 664 

Browewich,  J 310 

Brown,  E 390 

Brown,  J.  C cxxxi,  a 

Brown,  J 448 

Browne,  (!) 573 

Browne,  E lxxi 

Browne,  O xli 

Brumfield,  A 663-4 

Brumfield,  J 94,  390 

Bruster,  Capt  (?) 539 

Bruster,  W.,  lxxi,  xc,  93,  390,  782 
Buckingham ;  George Villiers, 

Duke  of exxxvi 

Buckler,  A.  .  .  .  .  123,  436 
Budendorfe,  Baron  .      841,  847-8 

Bugola,  Z 834 

Buley,  J 256,  697 

Bull,  J 87a 

gur,gh'N 9?5. 

Burk,  J cxxxiii 

Burke,  H.  F xxiv 

Burket,  W.  or  R  .  .  xo8,  412 
Burras  [or  Burrowes],  Anne  . 

129,  130,  446-7 

Burras,  J 129,  446 

Burre,  J 4x2 

Burrowes  [or  Burras]  .  .  .  130 
Burton,  G.  .  .  129,  131,  445, 448 
Busca,    G.    831,    835-6,    840, 

845-7.  850,  852 
Butler,  Capt.  N.,  603-5,  624, 

666,669-87 

C 

C,  1 819 

C,  W. cxxxiii 

Cabot,  J.     .     .     .       280,  283, 304 

Cabot,  Lewis 304 

Cabot,  Sautius 304 

Cabot,  Sebastian       ....  304 

Cadmus xci 

Caesar,  J. ,  276,  285, 460,  504,  814-6 

Cage,  A 329 

Cage,  D.      .     .   217,  223,  732,  736 

Caldicot,  C 648-9 

California 188,  702 

Callamata,  The  Lady,  276,814,  867 

Callicut,  W 125,  438 

Callis 9x3 

Cambia,  Lord  Pasha  of.  .  .  844 
Cambridge  in  New  England, 

232,  700 
Campbell,  C.    .    .    .    .      cxxxiii 

Canaan 954 

Canada  .  exxi,  119,  176,  243, 
253.  267,  423,  772,  891,  934, 
„       .  ,    „  937.  944.  947.  952 

Candish,  Capt 965 

Cannada  .   237,  243,  253,  267, 

367,  696,  963 

Canning,  W 662-3 

Canterbury ;  George    Abbot, 

Archbishop  of 920 

Canterbury ;  Richard  Ban- 
croft, Archbishop  of    .     xci,  958 


Cantrell. 


Index 


Crofts.      975 


Cantrell,  Point 424 

Cantrill,  W.,  107, 109,  41I1  413, 529 
Capahowosick      ...       20,  401 

Capawack 205,  764 

Capawe 697 

Capawucke,   cxxiii,  205,  264, 

697,  7°ii  7ao,  764.  938 
Cape  Anne,  xxii,  232,  259, 699, 

718,  720,  783,  926 
Cape  Charles  in  Virginia  .  48, 

109,  177.  344.  413 
Cape  Cod  .  cxx,  192-3, 205-6, 

699,  228,  232, 696,  699,  706  -7, 

719-20,  732,  747, 752,  762, 938,  942 
Cape  Comfort,   see  Comfort 

Point lxiii 

Cape  de  Salinos 906 

Cape  de  tres  Puntas      .     .        903 

Cape  Fear 310,  326 

Cape  Henrick,  see  Cape  Henry. 
Cape  Henry  in  Virginia,  lxiii, 

ci,  cii,  5,  24,   31-2,  48,   91, 
100,  109,  177,  344.  387.  403.  413 
Cape  James   .    232,  260,  699, 

701,  707,  7»o,  741,  749 
Cape  Tragbizanda  .  206,  232,  699 
Capper,  J.  ...  lxxxiv,  94 
Careless  Point,  on  the  James 

river li 

Carew,  G. 696 

Caribes 906 

Caribes  lies  ....  901,  903 
Carleton,  D.  .  .  lvi,  xcii,  xciii 
Carli(s]le ;  James  Hay,  Earl 

of  ....  901,903,910,965 
Carlton,  Ens.  T.       .    .  xxin, 

cxxviii,  230-1,  692,  852 
Carter,  C  .  638,  640-2,  648,  650 
Carthagena      ....     679, 681 

Cartner,  M 818 

Carver,  W.  {First  Governor 

of  the  Pilgrim  Fathers)  .    .  751 

Cassatowap 568 

Cassen,  G.    .  cxv,  82,  94,  98, 

_.  377,  390.  395 

Cassen,  T.        ....      94,  390 

Cassen,  W 94,  390 

Castutia lx 

Caswell,  R. 663 

Caswell,  W. 663 

Catataugh,  brother  to  Wahun- 

sonacock  or  Powhatan   .  17, 

30,  81,  135.  376 
Causey,  N.,  108,  411,  575,  885,  888 
Cavendish,  altered  (from  1618) 

to  Devonshire,  Tribe  .  .  .  662 
Cavendish,  Baron  .  cxx,  663,  685 
Cavendish,     of      Hardwick, 

William 852 

Ca[ve]ndish,  T.  {Th*  Third 

Circumnavigator     of     the 

Globe) 310 

Caw-cawwassoughes      .     .51, 347 

Cedar  Isle 50,  346 

Cekacawone  .  .  113, 4*7,586 
Cera,  Marquis  of .     .     .     260,  757 

Chamberlain,  A 664 

Chamberlain,  J.,  lvi,  xcii,  xciii,  663 

Chamberlain,  R 664 

Chamberland,  R 664 


Chambers,  E. ,  Master  of  Cap- 
tain Smith's  ship  .      221-4,  734~6 

Champlain cxxxiv 

Chanoyes,  Madame,  277,  739,  814 
Charatza  Tragabigzanda,   see 
Tragabigzanda. 

Chard,  E 640-3,  649 

Charitie  Fort 510 

Charles  city  in  Virginia  .  .  582 
Charles  Fort,  Bermuda,  503, 

644,  686 
Charles  Fort  at  Kecoughton  .  507 
Charles  Hundred      ....  538 
Charles  Prince  of  Wales ;  after- 
wards Charles  I.  .     .     xxxi, 
cxxxiv,   176-7,  232,  243,  251, 
267-7,  699,    77i.    845,    892, 
^      ,       .       .    ^?l6>  937.  949.  969 
Charles  river  in  New  England, 

cxxxiv,  232,  259,  699,  892,  949 
Charles  town  in  New  England  949 

Charlton 949 

Charlton  in  New  England     .  949 

Charowne 739 

Chaunis  Temoatan   ....  314 
Chawonests      ....     313, 317 
Chawonock   .    20,  32,  55,  132, 
158,    309.     312.    314-5.    35i. 
^  449,  474.  570 

Chawonocks 313 

Chawopoweanocke  .  .  130, 447 
Chawum,  192,  205-6,  232, 699, 

707,  719,  720 
Chechohomynies  ....    lxxxv 

Cheisc xliv 

Chepanoc 312 

Cherley,  (?) 776 

Chesapeacks  .  cxxvii,  5, 19, 
31,  50-1,  55,  113,  189-90,  312, 
346-7,  43o,  431-2,  570,  604, 

,      t>  .7°3>7°.4.  9" 

Chesapeake  Bay,  xxii,  xxxu, 

cxix,  42,  412,  569 

Chescaik lv 

Chesseian  bay xli 

Chessipians      .     .     .     xliv,  1, 316 

Chester,  A 544 

Chester,  Capt.  A 548 

Chesteven,  R.  .     .         ...  890 

Chesupioc  bay.     .     .    Ixi,  lxiii,  50 
Chevi[o]t  Hill  in  New  Eng- 
land ....     cxxxiv,  232,  699 

Chicahamanya 37 

Chickahamania,  11, 13,  27,  37, 
38,  50-1,  70,  80, 97-8,127, 152, 
341,  346,  366,  375,  394-6,  440, 
468-9,  514-15,  527,  538,  601,  603 

Chickahamaniar 37 

Chickahamaniens      ....     27 

Chickahaminos 153 

Chickahominy .     .    xii,  lxxiv, 

lxxxv,  cxv 

Chili 197,  711 

Chippanum 315 

Chiskiack  .  .  .50,  52,  347,  585 
Chissell,  W.  .  .  223,  732,  736 
Chissiapiacke  Bay     ...     5,  19 

Chissick,  W 217 

Chrashow,  R.,  see  Crashaw. 
Christmas,  J 897 


Chroshaw,  R.,  see  Crashaw. 
Churchill,  A.  and  J.      .    .  cxxxii 

Cinquoateck 30-1 

Cipo 300 

Clarke,  C. xli 

Clarke,  J.    .     .     .       129,  310,  445 

Claudius 566 

Clement  VII.,  Pope      .    .    827-8 

Cley,  (?) 662 

Clinton  (?),  a  pirate   ....  913 

Clitheroe,  C 664 

Clovill,  E.  .  .  liii-iv,  93,  390 
Cloyburne  (?)  Surgeon  .  564,  885 
Coderington,  I.,   cxxviii,  129, 

181,  443.  445,  476,  492 
Coe,  T.    .    101,  108,  131,  146, 

166,  168,  404,  411,  448,  463 
Cokayne,  G.  E.    .     .      xvii,  xxiv 

Cole,  (?)       508 

Colon 283 

Columbus,  C.     .   43,  191,  211, 
216,  228,  248,   272,  280,  304, 

580,  705,  725,  730,  784,  965 
Collier,  S.,  Capt.  Smith  s  page, 
94,  "3,  132,  39o,  436,  449,  599 

Colhngs,  H 129,  445 

Collins  (?),  a  pirate   ....  914 

Collson,  J xli 

Collumber,  The  Lady  .     ..824 
Comfort     Point,    lxiii,    xcix, 
119,  129, 155,  170,  430,  442, 

472,  497,  525 
Commada    ..'....     71 

Comouodos 37 

Compton,  F 852 

Coneconam 697 

Cony  Isle,  Bermuda  .  .  .  661 
Cooke  (?)  Captain     .     .     .  329-30 

Cooke,  R. 390 

Cooper,  D.  .  217,223,732,736,888 

Coote,  C.  H xvii 

Cope,  Sir  W lvi 

Copland,  Rev.  P.  .  .  cxxxiii 
Cornelius,  (?)....  476,  613 
Cortes  Hernando    .  191,  228, 

504,  600,  705,  965 

Cortes,  M 802 

Cotson,  J liv 

Cotton,  R.  ....  108,  412 
Cotton,  Rev.  J.  .  .  .  cxxxiii 
Cotton,  Sir  R.      .    .      xxi-ii,  808 

Couanacus 757,  763 

Coubatant 758-9 

Couper,  C 329 

Couper,  M.  .  219-20, 700,  701 
Coupers  Isle,  Bermuda.    630, 

647,  661,  686 

Covell,  T. 662 

Cowper,  T.       ....      94,  39° 

Coxendale 510 

Crampton,  (?)  .     .     .     .    697,  739 
Crashaw,  R.     .  cxix,  cxxvui, 
129,   131,  139,  143,  145,  174, 
184,  445,  448,  456,  460,  462, 

493,  586,  591-3,  596-8,  600-2 
Crashaw,  Rev.  W.  .  .  cxxxii-iii 
Croatan    .    .  lxxvi,  310,  317, 

326-7,  329-31 
Crofts,  R.,  lxxxii-iv,  lxxxviii, 

93,390 


9j6      Crookdeck. 


Index 


Gibson. 


Crookdeck,  J xli 

Crump,  (?) 873 

Crux,  Santa 517 

Cuardly,  Family  of  .     .  xix,  xxiv 

Cuba 903 

Cuderington,  see  Codrington. 

Cuffe,  J 664 

Culnits,(?) 833-4 

Cumberland,  Earl  of  .  .  .  965 
Cundy,  i.e.,Condee,  Prince  de,  738 

Cursell,  (?) 824-5 

Curtine,  Sir  W 908 

Curzianvere,  (?) 824 

Cuscarawaoke ....  414,  418 
Cushman,  R.  .  .  .  cxxxiii,  250 
Cuskarawok     ....     414, 418 

Cutler,  R 108,  411 

Cuttawomen,  two  districts  on 
the  Topahanock  river    .    18, 

5a,  348,  426 


Dale.Sir  T.,  cxxv,  172,   478, 
506-10, 512,  514-8, 520-1, 525, 

.,    T  ,         527.  536,  616,  653 
Damenls  Isles  ....     206,  720 

Daniel xii 

Dans[e]ker  (?),  a  pirate  .     .     .914 

Dare,  A. 328-9 

Dare,  E 328 

Darius 563 

Dartmouth  in  New  England, 

232,  700 
Dasamonpeack      .     .  316-7,  327-8 

Dauxe,  J 129,  445 

Davers,  Sir  J 664 

Davies,  Capt.  J 525 

Davies,  of  Hereford,  J.  181,  491 
Davis,  Capt.  (?)  xcv,  170,  479,  497 
Davis,  Capt  (?)....  642-3 
Davis,  J.  .     .  696,  802,  887-8,  964 

Davis,  R 696,  964 

Davison,  G 564,  852 

Dawse,  T.    .     129,  158,  446,  475-6 

Dawson,  W 108,  412 

Deale,  J.      .......    xli 

Deane,  C.    .  xiv,  xvii,  cxviii, 

cxxx,  cxxxiv-v,  2,  176,  234 

Deceado 903 

Dee,  J., 238,  245,  253,  269, 694, 

743i  773 

De  la  Warr ;  Thomas  West, 

Baron,  xcvii-viii,  cxx,  cxxv, 

cxxxiii,  131,  161,  171-2,  448, 

476,    478,    487,    497,    500-1, 

503,  505-7.  536-7»  616,  639,  929 

Delawne,  G 663 

Delbridge,  J 662,  664 

De  Nombe,  Capt 901 

Depreau,  the  Lord  ....  824 
Dermer,  T.  .    cxxiv,  217,  258, 

■^     .,     ,  .     *6?>  S42>  732,  747,  770 

Devils,  Isles  of 633 

Devonshire  Tribe      .     .     .    662-3 
Devonshire  ;  William  Caven- 
dish,Lord  Cavendish,created 
m  1618  Earl  of    ...     .    662-3 
Dier,  W.,  101, 156, 166,168, 404, 472 
Dig^by,  T.,   Pilot  of  Smith's 
ship   .    .     .    217,  221-2,  732,  734 


Diggles,  Sir  D 663 

Digs,  (r) 800 

Dig's  Hundred 510 

Dike,  J 662-3 

Dirmir,  T.,  see  Dermer,  T. 

Discuba 906 

Ditchfield,  E 663 

Dixon,  R. 94,  390 

Doddridge,  Judge     ....  893 
Dods,  J.      .     .     94,  131,  390,  448 

Dohannida 218 

Dohoday 732 

Dolet  R 108,  412 

Dominica,  xxxii,  lviii,  5,  00, 

310,  329,  386,  544 
Donne,  Rev.  J.  .  .  cxxxiii,  285 
Dover  ;  Henry  Carey,  Earl  of, 

xxii,  808 

Dowman,  W 129,  445 

Dowse,  T.    .     .    .  129,  158,  475-6 
Drake,  Sir  F.,  ix,  188,  196,  280, 
287,  315,  318,  324,  702,  710,  965 

Du  Bartas 585 

Dulcina 910 

Dumbarton  in  New  England, 

232,  700 
Duxbury,  Capt.  E.    .     .     .     .822 


Each,  Capt.  (?)     ....   570-1 
Easton  (?),  a  pirate    ....  914 
Ebersbaught,  the  Lord .     828,  830 
Edenborough  in    New    Eng- 
land   232,  700 

Edgar,  King  .  .  .245,  269, 773 
Edmonds,  Sir  T. .  .  .  226,  739 
Edward,  Old  ....  94,  390 
Edward  VI.     .     238,  254,  304,  743 

Edwards,  (?) 688 

Edwards,  R 663 

Elfred,  Capt 667-8 

Elfrid,  Capt.  D.    .     .     .     .     .646 

Elizabeth  fort  in  Virginia  .  .  510 
Elizabeth  Isles,  189,  332,  334,  338 
Elizabeth,  Queen,  ix,  245, 269, 

383,  304-5,  336,  773-4.  826, 913-4 
Elizabeths  city     ....     586-7 

Ellis  (?),  a  pirate 914 

Ellis,  D.       .     .   129,  131,  446,  448 

Eiwin,  P cxxxvi 

Elyot,  (?) 283 

Emerson,  W 887-8 

Emmanuel,  King  of  Portugal  504 
Emry,  T.      .    Ixxxvi,  cxv,  15, 

"  "6,  94,  390,  395-6,  401 
England,  New,  937,  and/<m7>«. 

Ensenore 315-6 

Epenew 264,  697,  701 

Erondelle,  P cxxxii 

Essex,  Earl  of 965 

Estotiland 283 

Etheridge,  G 664 

Euripides 326 

Euens,  J 635 

Evans,  (?) 540 

Eve    ....    228,  568,  741,  934 


Falling-crick 585 

Falls  on  the  James  river,  Vir- 


ginia, The  .  xliv,  cii,  17,  19, 
48,  82,   92,   105,   109,   125-6, 

162-3,  i6?,  409 

Farfax,(?) 538 

Farnese,  Francisco,  xxii,  xxiii, 

788,  806,  852 
Farrar,  J.  .  .  271.  540,  544, 

561-2,  621,  663 
Farrar,  N.  .  62,  543,  662,  687,  885 

Farrer.W 58a 

Fawmouth    [i.e.,   Falmouth] 
in  New  England      .     .     232,  699 
Felgate,  W.      .    605,  646,  664,  685 
Fenton,  R.  .     .     .       384,  389,  403 
Ferdinand  of  Austria.  Arch- 
duke  828,831,835 

Ferdinando,  S.     .  310,  326,  328-9 

Fereby,  A 814 

Fernezsa,  see  Farnese. 
Fetherstone  Bay      .     .  •    119,  426 
Fetherstone,  R.     .  108-9,  "6. 

119,411,  413,  421,  426 
F[i]eld,  T    ...     .     .     108,  41a 

Fisher,  (?) 646 

Fisher,  B 786 

Fitch,  M xli,  liv,  xcv 

Fittiplace,  see  Phettiplace. 
Fleming  (?),  a  pirate ....  913 

Fletcher,  J 663 

Florida  .  .  xxxiv,  47,  189, 
280,  305,  310,  343,  702-3,  934, 

939.  963 
Floud,  (?)     ....      446,  887-8 
Flowerda[r'.*.,  Florid*}  Hun- 
dred   583 

Flower,  G lxxi,  38$ 

Force,  Peter  ....  cxxx-i 
Ford,  R.     .  93,  131,  139,  145, 

389,  448,  456,  462 
Forest,  G.    .     .     .       108,411,481 

Forest,  Mrs 129,  446 

Forest,  T 129,  445 

Fortescue,  Sir  N 621 

Fox,  Capt.  L.       ...       cxxxiii 

Fox,  T 129,  446 

Francis,  a  Dutchman    .     139, 

150,  456,  467.  487 

Frith,  R 390 

Frobisher,  Sir  M.  .  280,304,965 
Fry  (?),  a  pirate  .  .  .  221,734 
Fuller,  M 603-5 

G 

Gabriel 661 

Gage,  T cxxxiii 

Galthorpe,  S. .     .      xxxii,  lxxi,  xc 

Gany,  W 603 

Gardiner,  (?) 311 

Garret,  W 94.  39° 

Gates  Fort  .     .     .     .     .     ....  644 

Gates,  Sir  T.,  xciv-v,  xcvii- 
viii,  cii,  cxxv,  161,  1 71-2,  478, 
499.  500-1,   503-4,  506,  509, 

517,  521,  615,  616,  635,  688,  964 
Gayangos,  Don  P.  de    .     .     xxiii 

Gearing,  J 66* 

Genoway,  R xli 

Gentleman,  T.  .  .  23*,  254,  743 
Gibs,  Lieut.  (?),  plantation  .  583 
Gibson,  T 44* 


Gilbert. 


Index 


Jennings.      977 


Gilbert,  Capt.  B 332 

Gilbert,  Capt.  R.       .    .     696,  964 
Gilbert,  Sir  H.      .     .     .     280,  304 

Gilbert,  Sir  J 696 

Ginner,  (?) 685 

Gipson,  T 129, 131,  448 

Gittnat,  P 108,  412 

Goade,  (?) 234,  274 

God  ward,  T xli 

Gonzago,  (?) 831 

Goodwin,  W 654-5 

Goodyson,  R 108,  412 

Gookin,  (?) 565,  584 

Gordon,  Sir  R.      .    .    .       cxxxiii 

Gore,  R 664 

Gore,  T 94,  390 

Gorges,  F cxxxiii 

Gorges,  Sir  F. .      219-29,  256,  731 

Gosling,  J 217,  732 

Gosnold,  A.,    93-4,    99,    101, 

143,  389-90, 402,  404,  460 
Gosnold,  Capt.  B.      .     .     xiii, 
xxxv,  lxxi-ii,  lxxv-vi,  Ixxviii, 
Ixxxix,  xc,  cxxix,  6,  8,89,  91, 
93i  95.    189,  280,  332-3,  336, 

385,  387.  389.  39i.  703.  964 

Gosnold's  Bay 430 

Goston,  Sir.  F 621 

Goughland 21 

Go[u]lding,  G 94.  39° 

Gower,  T lxxi 

Gradon,  R 108,  412 

Grampus  Bay 752 

Granada 903 

Grandville,  (?)        831 

Granganameo,  306-8,  311,  313,  3x5 
Grasscocke,  R.      .     .     .     900, 905 

Graves,  N 448 

Graves,  T.    .    .    .      129,  445,  569 

G[ray],  R cxxxii 

Greene,  H 310 

Greenwel's  assigns  (?)...  662 

Grent,  W 288,  873 

Grenvill,  W 310 

Grenville,  Sir  R, 280, 283,  305, 

310,  318,  325-7,  964 

Griffin,  0 339 

Grivill,  W. 108,  411 

Groonland 283 

Grualgo  .     .     . 839 

Guadaloupe,  lviii,  90,  386,  544, 903 
Gudderington,  J.  see  Coder- 

ington,J. 
Guiana,  cxxxiii,  248,272,  784,896-8 
Gundamore  [i.e.,  Gondomar], 

The  Lord 897 

Gunnell,  R.       .    .      182,  690, 816 

-unter,  (?) 802 

Garganay,  E.  .    .     .  108,  411,  529 

H 

H.,  I cxvii,  4 

Habamok    |. 763 

Hagthorpe,  G.      .     .     .      cxxxiii 
Hakluyt,  Rev.  R,  cxxxii,  148, 

267,  305,  336,  465,  772,  958 

Hall,  J 217 

Halthrop,  or  rather  Galthorp,  390 
Hamden,  (?)......  763 

Hamilton  ;  James  Marquis  of,  662 


Hamilton's  Tribe 662 

Hamor,  Capt.  R.,  cxxxiii,  507, 
517,  520,535,  575-6,  592,  598,  601-2 
Hancocke,  N,,    129,  132,  446,  448 

Hanno 304 

Harco[ur]t,  Capt.R.,cxxxiii,  896-8 

Harcote,  M 896-8 

Harding,  (?) 663 

Hardwin,  (?)....     129,  446 

Hardwicke,  (?) 852 

Harford,  J 108,  412 

Harison,  (?) 575 

Harison,  T 654 

Harlow,  Capt.  E.  .     .    696-7,  964 

Harper,  J 108,  411 

Harriot,  T.,  55, 189, 234, 310-1, 
TT  3i5.  3i7»  3i9»  325.  685,  703,  964 
Harrington,  E.,  lxxii,  384,  390, 403 
Harrington's  Bay       ....  259 
Harris  (?),  a  pirate    ....  914 

Harrison,  J 687 

Hartwell,  A. 877 

Harvie,  D 311,  329 

Harvy,  Sir  J 888 

Harwood 561 

Harwood's  assigns,  L.  .     .     .  664 
Harwood,  Sir  E.  .     .  662 

Haryson,  H 129,  445 

Hassinnunga  .      71,  367,  427,  428 
Hatorask,  311,317,  325-7,  329-30 

Hawkins,  Ma 817 

Hawkins,  Sir  J 965 

Hayman,  Gov.  R.     .     .      cxxxiii 
Hening,  W.  W.    .     .     .       cxxxiii 
Henrico   island    [i.e.,  penin- 
sula]      .     .     .  ___509-io,  566,  582 
Henry,  Cape,  Ixiii,  ci,cii,  2,  5, 
24,  31-2,  48, 91, 100, 109, 177, 

344.  387.  403,  413 
Henry,  Fort  .  .  .  503,  507,  519 
Henry,  Prince,  xxxviii,  177, 509,896 

Henry  VII 304 

Henry,  W.  W cxviii 

Herbert,  W 42 

Hercules]     .     .     180, 242,  891, 937 

Herd,  J 94 

Hewes,  (?) 802 

Hewes  (?),  a  pirate    ....  914 

Hewes,  J 310 

Hewes,  Rev.  L.,  648,  650, 655, 685 

Hewet,  Sir  T 664 

Hide,  N 663 

Hide,  Sir  L. 663 

Hidon,  J 664 

Higginson,  Rev.  F.,  cxxxiii,  cxxxv 

Hill,  E 587.  596 

Hill,  G 108,  411 

Hilliard,  A 651 

Hilliard,  G.  S cxxxii 

Hilliard,  N cxxxvi 


.  129,  446,  660,  688 
.     .     .    .    250, 261 

97o 

910 

•    310,  331,  633>  903 


Hillyard,  (?) 
Hilton,  W.  . 
Hinde,  R.    , 
Hinton,  A. 
Hispaniola  . 

Hixon,  T 098 

Hixon.W 898 

Hobamock  .       758-60,  765,  767-8 

Hobson,  Capt. 701 

Hog  Bay,  Bermuda  ....  679 

62 


Hog  Island  ....  143,  500 
Homer 81$ 

Hondius,  J.  .  .  cxxxiii,  cxxxv 
Hope,  T.     .    .    101,  108,  404,  412 

Hopkins,  S 750,  756 

Hore,  (?)       283 

Hotchkiss,  Maj.  J.    .     .  xvii,  cxix 
Houghton  Isles  in  New  Eng- 
land     232,  700 

Houlcroft,  Capt.  (?)       ...  500 

Houlgrave,  N 94,  390 

Hoult,  J 129,  445 

How,  G 326-7,  329 

Hubbard,  Gov.  W.  .  .  cxxxiii 
Hull  in  New  England  .  232,  699 
Hulsius,  L.,    cxxx,  cxxxii,  cxxxiv 

Hume,  D 822 

Hunnewell,  J.  F.      .     .     xviii,  ci 
Hunt,  (?)    129,  219,  220,  445,  754 
Hunt,  Rev.  R.,lxxxviii,xc-xci, 
9°>  93i  99.   io3>   264,   385-6, 

389,  402,  407,  698-9,  958 

Hunton,  Dr.  A 664 

Hutchins,  (?) 887-8 

Hutson  [i.e.,  Hudson]  YL.      . 

cxix,  191,  704 

I 

I.,  R cxxxii-iii 

Iapazous      .....  511-2,  542 

Ingham,  E 286,  818 

Ingram,  W 217,  732 

Ipswich  in  New  England,  232,  699 

Ireland,  (?) 889 

Irrohatock 52,  348 

Isabella  of  Spain,  Queen,  43, 

248,  272,  784 

Itopatin 539 

Itoyatin        570 

Izabella,  in  Hispaniola  .     .    .  310 


Jackson,  R xli 

Jacob,  Serg.  T.     .     .     .  Ixxii,  390 

Jacobopolis lvi 

Jacobson's  assigns  (?)...  663 

Jacobus  Rex xlvi 

Jamaica 903 

James  City 582-3 

James  Fort      .     .  xl,  xli,  lvi,  lxix 
James  I.  .  lxix,  163,  245,  269, 
278,  283,  337,  477,  482,   515, 
755,  760,  774.  822,  903,  931, 

914,  046 

James  Port lxx 

James,  R.    .....     .     577,  816 

James  River    .  xxxix  and  passim 
James  Town,  situated  in  the 
district  of  Paspahegh,  xxxix, 

lvi,  and  passim 

Jansen cxxxvi 

Jason .     280, 690 

Jefferay,  (?) 806 

Jefferies,  Capt.  J.      .     .      cxxxiii 
Jefferson,  Capt.  (?)....  900 

Jennens,  Abr .  264 

Jennens,  Abr 264 

Jenness,  J.  S.        .     .     .     .  cxxxv 
Jennings  (?),  a  pirate.     .         .  914 


97$      Jeremy. 


Index 


Massachusit. 


Jeremy 847-50 

Jobson,  Capt 873 

John ;   Lord   Archbishop    of 

Canterbury 877 

Johnson,  Alderman  R.  .    cxx,  663 

Johnson,  E cxxxiii 

Johnson,  W 94,  390 

Johnson,  W 108,  413 

Jones,  Capt.  (?)  [The  Captain 
of  the  Mayflower,  when  she 
took  out  the  Pilgrim  Fathers 

in  1630] 7.50-1'  702 

Jones,  Mrs.  H.     .    .  xvii,  cxxxvi 

Jones,  Serg.  (?) 900 

Jones,  Sir  W 621 

Jones,  W 234 

Jorden,  E 635,  815 

Jorden,  S 584 

Judwyn,  T 663 


Keale,  R.    .     .    109,  1x6,  413,  421 

Keales  Hill 413 

Keath,  Rev.  (7)    .     .     .     644,  650 

Keble,  W 971 

Kecoughtan,  lxiii,  9,  19,  50-1, 

96,  1x4,  xx6-7, 132, 346-7,  393, 

419,  421-2,  449,  507,  511,  538, 

585.  592,  599.  6o3»  6x0,  887 

Keffer,  P 108,  4x2 

Kekataugh, brother  to  Wahun- 

sonacock  or  Powhatan  .  17, 

30,  8x,  135,  376,  451 
Kemps,  151, 155, 157,468,471.  474 

Kendall,  (?) 311 

Kendall,  Capt  G. ,  lxxii.lxxvii, 

lxxxii,  Ixxxiv-v,  8,  13,  91,  93, 

Kendall,  Capt.  M.,  '648,' 650,' 

666-70,  681 

Kendall,  E 642-3 

Kennebec  .  192,  203,  232,  700, 

706,  717,  938 
Kerby,  Capt    ....    668,  681 

Kewasowok 321 

Killingbeck,  R.  .  .  108,  411,  538 
Kind  woman's  care  ....  xhx 
King,  Bp.  J.  .  .  cxxxiii,  cxxxvi 
King,  Capt  (T)     .     .     .     xcv,  479 

King.  R. 662 

King's  Castle,  644,  654,  669, 

675,  678,  685-6 
King's  River    ....  lxix,  xcvi 

Kingston,  E Ixxiii,  390 

Kinsock 151 

Kiptop[ek]e     ....     567,  569 

Kisell,  Baron 828-30 

Kiskiack  [?  also  Chesiack]  24, 

B>i  37.  13a.  449 

Kiskirk 21 

Kissanacomen 528 


Lane,  Sir  R. 


55,  in,  189, 


Kitchin(T) 508 

ight,  T.  .     .     .     . 
Kuskarawaock      .     . 


Knis 


648-9 
35i 


Laertes  .  •  . 
Laguna  .  .  . 
Lambert,  T.  . 
Lancaster,  Capt 


.  .    .  8x9 

.  .    .633 

.  132,  448 

.  •     •  633  I 


283,  310-n,  319, 326,  416,  703, 964 

La  Nelie 824 

Langam,  Capt  G.     .    .     256,  697 

Langley(?) 900 

La  Roche,  Capt.  .    .      823,  826-7 

Larshan,  Baron 824 

Laudonniere xii 

Lavander,  T 129,  446 

La  Warr,  Lady  de    .     .    .     .  534 
La  Warr,  Thomas  West,  Baron 

de,  xcvii,  cxx,  cxxv,  cxxxiii, 

131,  x6i,  X71-2,  448,  476,  478, 

487.  497.  500-1,  503,  505-7. 

536-7,  616, 639,  929 

Lawrence,  B xx 

Lawson,  Capt 500 

Laxon,  Ens.  W.,  94,  155,  390,  472 
Laydon,  J.    .    .     94,  130,  390,  447 

Layford,  Rev.  J 782 

Le{e]ds,  T 108,  411 

Lefroy,  Sir  J.  H 624 

Leicester ;    Robert    Dudley, 

Earl  of 42 

Leigh,  H.    .     .    129,  157,  445,  473 
Leith  in  New  England   .  232,  700 

Lenox,  J cxxxiv-v,  2 

Leo,  John 873 

Lescarbot,  M cxxxii 

Levett,  C cxxxiii 

Lewes,  J.     .     .     .       108,  412, 665 

Lewis,  (?) 664 

Ley,  Capt  ....     xxviii,  896 

Ley,  Sir  O xxviii,  896 

Lilly,  J ci 

Limbo,  Isles    .     .  xn,  4x4-5,  424 
Lincoln  ;  Henry  de   Clinton, 

Earl  of 823 

Lindsey ;     Peregrine    Bertie, 

Earl  of .     .822 

Lindsey  ;  Robert  Bertie,  Earl 
of      ....    xxii,  808,  822, 827 
Linnes,  the  Fryer      .     .     283,  '303 

Littleton,  (?) 910 

Locker,  N cxxxvi 

London  or  Southern  Virginia 

Co.,  xxii,  xxxiii,  cxx,  cxxii- 

iii,  cxxv,  189,  and  passim 
Longbridge  Isle,  Bermuda     .  661 

Long,  H 659 

Lopez,  0 874,  877 

Lower,  (?) 646 

Lowick,  M 129,  445 

Lowmonds  [/.*.,  Lomonds]  in 
New  England     .     .     .    232,  700 

Lownes,  Capt 540 

Lownes,  (?)....      2,  234,  274 
Love,  W.      .  94,  131, 176, 390,  448 

Lucas,  (?) 546 

Luckin,  E 663 

Lucretius 743 

Luddington,  T 311 

Luson,  Sir  R 965 

M 

M.,  S 28X 

Macanoe 38 

Macar,  0 583 

Macarnesse,  T. 284 

Machiav[e]ll[i] 823 


Macock,  Capt  S. 
Macock's  Divident 


54o,  583 
•     •  583 

Madock,  Prince  of  Wales,  283,  303 
Madyson,  Capt.  .  593,  596-8,  602 
Magalhaens,  191,  705, 737,  939,  965 

Mahaskahod 428 

Mahomet 833, 871 

Malado,  Mount 510 

Malgo 283, 303 

Mahgo 698-9 

Mallard,  T.  .  129,  158,  446,  475-6 
Mamanahunt  .     .     .     .12,  527-8 

Mamonacke 26 

Man,  J 664,  786 

Manacam 25 

Manamet 764 

Manapacumter 21 

Manchester,  Duke  of  .  .  cxx 
Mandeville ;  Henry  Montagu, 

Viscount 621 

Mandoags 316 

Mangoacks 312-5 

Mangoags    .    .      55,  158,  351,  475 

Mangoge 20 

Mangrove  Bay,  Bermuda  .  679 
Mannahoacks,  52,  55,  71,  348, 

351.366,437.429 

Manoa 895 

Manosquosick xx 

Mansa     .......     12 

Mansfield,  J.  .  ...  648-50 

Mansils  Tribe 66a 

Manteo  .     3x0-1  x,  314,  316,  326-8 

Mantivas 29 

Mantoack 321 

Mantua,  Duke  of      ....  831 

Marcum,  R 568 

Marcus  Aurelius 823 

Margarita 903 

Mari[a]galante      .     .     .    lviii,  903 

Markham,  R. xlt 

Marraugh  tacum,  18,  52,  348, 

w      ..   ,   ,r-  ,     424-5.429-30 

Martha  s  Vineyard     ....  333 
Martin  Brandon's  Hundred    .  583 
Martin,  Capt  J.,  xxxii,  lxxiv, 
lxxvii;    lxxix;     lxxx,    lxxxv, 
lxxxvi,    lxxxix,    xcv,    xcvii, 
xcviii,  8-11,   13,  22-3,   35-6, 
38,  9*.  93,  95-7. 104-9,  i6i-a, 
164, 166, 170,  387.389-90.  39»i 
m  394.. 408-9 ,4".  479,  481,  497.  5oo 
Martin,  J.  (?  bis  son,  lxxxix) 
__      .     m  Ixxi,  94, 390 

Martin,  G 94 

Martin.  R. 663 

Martin's  Hundred     .    .    576, 583 

Marvyn,  (?) 311 

Mascassaber 397 

Masherosqueck    .     .  192,  706,  938 

Mason,  Gov.  J cxxxiii 

Mason,  J .    .  311 

Massachets  Mount,cxxxiv,232, 699 

Massachewset 206 

Massachusets  River,   cxxxiv, 

232,  699 
Massachusett,  192-3,  204,  206, 
699,  707.  7i9.  720-1,  754,  762, 
764-5,767, 892,  926, 933, 938-9, 949 
Massachusit 206 


Massasowat. 


INDEX.      Newfoundland.      979 


Massasowat  ....  758.  763 
Massasoyt  .  .  .  754-6, 758-60 
Massasoyts  .  .  .  707,  754,  756 
Massawomekes,     cxiv,    54-5, 

71-a,  1x1-12,114,  116-9,  349- 

51,  367.415-6.  420-4,  437-8 

Massawteck 426 

Massinacake 438 

Massinnacacks     ...       71,  366 

Matapoll lv 

Matchspeak 426 

Matchot 513,  5x7 

Matchqueon 418 

Matcumps 638 

Mathews,  Capt 885 

Mathias,  Archduke  .     .     831,  835 

Matinack 720 

Matinnack  ....  206, 232,  700 
Matoake,  see  Pocahontas  .  cxxxvi 

Mattachusits 7x9 

Mattachust 763-4 

Mattahunt  .  13,  192,  204,706, 

719.938 

Mattanenio lvn 

Mattapamient,  13,  17,  37,  51, 

53.  72,  79.  146,  347.  349.  367. 

375,  398,  463,  569,  601 

Mavazo,  (?) 852 

Maxes,  T 129,  445 

Maxmillan,  Duke 835 

May,  C 603 

May,  H 633-4,  638 

May,  W 108,  412 

Meade,  Bp.  W.    .    .    .      cxxxiii 

Meade,  R 8x7 

Mecaddacut 203 

Meca[d]dacut  .    .     192,  232, 

700,  706,  717,  938 

Mecuppom 426 

Medina,  Duke   of,    238,  254,  744 
Meldri  or  Meldritch  ;  Henry 
Volda,    Earl   of,    xxii-xxiv, 
828,  831,  833,  835-7,  840-2, 

844,  847-8,  849-51,  869 

Mehndus xxxiv 

Menapacant 30 

Menapacute 17 

Menatonon  .  309,  312-14,  3x6,  328 
Mercosur,  Duke  de  .  .  .  831-6 
Mercury,  see  Mercaur. 

Mercy,  Baron  de 825 

Merham,  Capt.  .  xxii,  877-880 
Merifield,  R.  .  .  .  900, 902-3 
Meronocomoco,     or      rather 

Werowocomoco 399 

Meteren,  E.  van  ....  cxix 
Metinnicus      .    ao6,  332,  700,  720 

Mettalina 544 

Mettham,  G. xx 

Mevell,  F. 664 

Meverill,  F. 664 

Mevis,  see  Nevis,  lix-x,   90, 
386,  506,  544,  903,  909-10, 963-4 

Meworames 20 

Mexico 600 

Mexico  Bay 3x5 

Michael,    Vayvode    of  Wal- 
lachia    ....       836,  847,  852 
Michaell,  (!)....     108,  412 
Middleton,  Capt 561 


Midwinter,  F.       .     .  lxxi,  94,  390 
Mildmay,  Sir  H.  .     .     .     9x8,  950 

Milemer,  T 852 

Milford  Haven  in  New  Eng- 
land   232,  699 

Miller,  R.    .     .     .       223,  732,  736 

Miller,  T 221,  734 

Millington,  W 646 

Millin,  T 664 

Milman,  (?) X29,  446 

Mil[m]er,  R 108,  412 

Minter,  J 221-4,  734-6 

Miter,  or  Miller,  R.,  217,  223, 

vr  u    1    L  j                        73a'  736 
Mohaskahod 427 

Moll,  E 567 

Molyneux,  R xo8,  411 

Momford  Point 424 

Momford,T.  ,109, 116,384,413,  420-1 

Mona lx-i,  90,  386 

Monacans,  xlvi-vii,  1, 19,  25, 
29,  5o,  55,  7i-3,  *°5,  "1, 124- 
5.  135.  146,  163-4,  346,  351, 
366-8,   409,  427,  434,  437-8, 

443.  45i.  463.  481-3,  612 

Monacum 29 

Monahassanuggs 71 

Monahassanughs 366 

Monahigan,    cxxi,    187,    206, 
232,  541,  696-7,  700,  720,  762,  936 
Monanacah  Rahowacah    .     .  xl vi 

Monanacans 1 

Monanis 206, 720 

Monasickapanoughs      .    .    .  366 

Mone,  Capt 164 

Moneta lxi 

Monferrat 824 

Monica 90,  386 

Monomete 762-3 

Monopet ........  697 

Montalvo     ......     xxiii 

Montserrat       ....      lix,  903 

Moone,  Capt.  .     .      xcv,  479, 482 
Moratico      ....  xxx,  3x4,  4x6 

Moratocks  ....     3x2-3,  315 

Moraughtacunds,  52,  348, 424- 

5,  429-30 

More,  E 664 

More,  Gov.  R.    .  641-50,  653, 

670,  678 

More,  R. 663-4 

Morgan 572 

Monnogh .     13 

Morish,  Corp.  E.  .     .     .    lxxi,  390 
Morley ;  Henry  Parker,  Baron,  897 

Morley,  (?) 446 

Morrell,  (?) 129 

Morrell,  Rev.  W.      .    .      cxxxiii 
Morton,  M.      .    .    Ixii,  5,  91,  896 

Morton,  N cxxxiii 

Morton,  R.       .  107,  109,  411,  413 

Morton,  T cxxxiii 

Mosco 424-8,430 

Moses  .  xci,  531,  812,  836, 838,  840 
Moshoquen       .     .    .  192,  706,  938 
Mouhemenchughes  .     .      71,  438 
Mounslic,  T.    .     .     .    .     .    .  lxxi 

Mourt,  G.    .    .     cxxxiii,  250,  694 

Moutapass       #  ;  586 

Mouton,  T.       .  .       lxxiii,  390 


Moverill,  F 664 

Mowhemenchughes  ....  366 
Mowhemenschouch  ....  438 

Moyaoncer 20 

Moyaones    .    .     113,4x7,586,596 

Moyowance 52,  348 

Moyses,  Z 838,  841,  846 

Moysonicke  or  Moysenock     .     13 

Mulberry  Isle 583 

Mulberry  Point 500 

Mulberry  shade   .     .    .    xlviii-ix 

Mulgro,  Bonny 839 

Mulhneux,  R.  .  .  .  411,  852 
Mully  Befferres    .    .    .     870,  877 

Mully  Hamet 870-1 

Mully  Sedan  .  .  xxviii,  870-7 
Mully  Shah     .    .      xxviii,  870-7 

Muscamunge 312 

Mustapha,  Pasha  .  .  .  .851 
Mutton,  R.      .     .    .  94,  390 

N 

Nacotchtant,  civ,  52,  1x3, 348, 

417,  586,  592 
Nahapassumkeck      ....  192 

Namaschet 756-9,  762 

Namenacus 567-9 

Namikeck,  192,  204,  232,  699, 

706,  7x8,  938,  949 
Namontack,  24, 37, 102, 124-5, 

128,  405,  437-8,  441,  5x7,  569,  638 
Nandtaughtacund    .  52,  348, 

398,  426-7,  42? 
Nansamunds,  31,33, 50-1, 129, 

135,  162-3,  346-7,  430-2,  446, 

452,  481,  508,  570,  501-2,  599 

Nantaugs  tacum 18 

Nantaquak xxx,  415 

Nantaquans 530 

Nantaquond 401 

Narrohiggansets  .  .  755,  758,  760 
Nasnocomacack  .  .  .  192,  707 
Nassaque  .  .  .  192, 706, 938 
Nauirans  or  Nauiraus  .    .  xlv-lii 

Naukaquawis 24 

Nause xxx,  4x5 

Nausit     ....     205,  754,  757 

Nautaughtacund 52 

Nawset,  X92,  205, 707, 720, 762, 

764,  938 

Nazatica.    . 596 

Nederspolt,  Earl .     .  847-9,  851-2 

Nedom,  (?) 685 

Nechanichock 13 

Necosts 596 

Neill,  E.  D.,  xxiv,  xxxiii,  cxx, 

cxxv,  cxxxiii 
Nelson,    Capt    F.,  xli,  xcii, 

cxvii,  cxxix,  33-40,  100, 105,  403 
Nelson,  (?)....    xcv,  2,  409 

Nelstrop,  R xo8,  4x2 

Nemattanow    ....    572,  587 

Neus 309 

Nevis  .    xxxii,  lix-x,  90,  386, 

506,  544,  903,  909-10,  963-4 
New  Albion  .  .  194,  702,  7x0 
M  ew  Andolosia  .  .  .  188, 702 
New  England,  xxxi,  and  passim 
Newfoundland,  cxxii,  cxxxiii, 


980      New  France.  INDEX. 


Phettiplace. 


195-9,  SOI,  223-4,  227-8,  239, 
241,  244,  255,  257-8,  265,  268, 

304.  473,  501,  541 1  598,  634, 
641,  668,  709,  711,  713,  714, 
716,  736-7,  740,  741,  744,  747, 

773,777.78o-i 
New  France,  188, 191, 225, 700, 

702,  738 
New  Granado .     .     .     .     t88,  702 
New-Plymouth,  250,  260,  264, 
488,  757.  759,  764>  766,  768, 

781-3,  892,  926,  941-3,  954 

New  Scotland 963 

New  Spain 188,  702 

Newport,  Capt.  C,  passim. 

Newport,  Father 124 

Nicols,  W 663 

Nicholes,  J 108,411 

Noah.     .     .     .     228,741,934,951 

Nohono 697 

Nomabona 309 

Nonesuch  Island   .    165,483-4,661 

North,  Capt.  (?) 897 

North,  Capt.  R 896-9 

North  ;  Dudley  North,  Baron,  896 
Northumberland  ;  Henry 

Percy,  Earle  of 448 

Norton,  Capt.  (?) 586 

Norton,  R. 286,  800 

Norton,  T 129,  445 

Norumbega      .     .      cxx,  242, 696 
Norwich    in    New    England, 

232,  700 
Norwood,  R.    .  630,  632,  638, 

642,  653,  661 
Nottingham,  Earl  of  .  .  .  965 
Nova  Francia  ....  47,  343 
Nuport,  Capt.,  see  Newport. 
Nuports-newes  .  565,  584,  591 
Nusconcus,  176,  192,  203,  696, 

706,  717.  838,  937 
Nuse.Capt.  (?)  561,  586, 592-3,595-6 

Nusket 232,  700 

Nusoik 309 

O 
Oberwin,  Baron    .    .     .     841,  851 

Obtakeest 766 

Ocamahowan,      Ocanahonan, 

17,  20,  508 

Occam 308-9 

0*Conor,  D 129,  445 

Ohanock 312 

Okanin[d]g[e]  ....     152,  469 
Oke    .    .    75-6,78,370-1,374,393 

Okisco 316 

Onaucoke 567 

Onawmanient  .     52,  112,  348, 

398,  417,  601 

Onianimo 569 

Opachisco 514 

Opechancanough,  xxx,l,  cxvii, 

8,  15,  16,  19,  29,  30,  39,  81, 
103,  135,  I39-41,  H4-5,  262, 
376,  396,  398-9,  4o6,45i.  456-, 
8,  461,  5i4.  528-9,  539-40, 562, 
S65,  569,  57»-3»  578,  586-7, 
.    ,  591,593,596-9,601 

Opitchapan,  30,  81,  135,  376, 

399,  45i,  59i 


Opposians 312 

Oraniocke  .....  12,  340 
Orapakes,  civ-v,  51,80-1,  151, 

375-6,  396,  468,  472 

Orinoco 895-6 

O'Rourke 819 

ORPHEUS  junior,szz  Vaughan, 

cxxxiii 

Osocon 317 

Outponcas 71,  367 

Owen,  R. 583 

Oxford  in  New  England,  232,  699 
Oyapok  .     .     .    xxviii,  cxxiv,  896 

Ozinieke 601 

Ozinies    .     .     55,  351,  527-8, 585 

P 

P.,  C. 819 

Pace 578 

Paccamaganant 568 

Packer,  T 970-1 

Packer,  W 971 

Paconekick       .     .       707,  758, 938 

Paget's  Tribe 662 

Paget ;  William  Paget, Baron, 662-3 
Pagit's  Fort,  Bermuda  .    644, 

657,  678,  686 

Pa[i]ne,W 662-3 

Painton,  Capt.  T. .  .  .  897,  903 
Pakanoki  .  .  .  707,  756,  758 
Palfrey,  J.  G.  .       cxxxiv,  xxiii-iv 

Palmer,  W 663-4 

Pamacacack 52,  348 

Pamaunche's  palace ....  li 
Pamaunkee  .  1,  lv,  lxx,  lxxvi, 
lxxxvi-vii,civ,cxi,cxv,  cxxvii, 
17,  18,  20-1,  23,  29-30,  33, 
37,5i,  65,  75,  79, 103, 114, 123, 
131,  138-9,  142,  185,  347,  360, 
37i,  375,  395-6,  398,  406,  419, 
424, 436,  448,  455-6,  459,  493- 
4,  5i7,  569,  572,  577,  585, 
59i,  593,  596-7,  599,  601,  602, 

611,  884,  911-2 

Panawicke 23 

Papaschicher 518 

Paquipe 311 

Parker,  Capt.  C 897 

Parker,  W 519-20 

Parsons,  Father  R 828 

Partridge,  164,  217,  223,  482, 

732,  736 
Pasharnack  .     .     .       102,  706,  938 
Paspahegh  .     .  xxx,  xli,  Ixiv, 
lxvi,  lxvii,  lxviii,  lxxv,  lxxvii, 
lxxxii,  cxxvii,  7,  11,  12,  16-7, 
19,  20,  22-3,  25,  30,  33,  37-8, 
51, 107,  150, 152, 185,  263,  347, 
467-8,  493,  503,  S42..585,  611,  9" 
Paspaheghans  .     .  xli,  11,  26,  38-9 
Paspahegs    ...  ...  503 

Paspeiough,  see  Paspahegh. 
Paspeiouh,  Paspeiouk    .     .  xli,  lv 

Pasptanzie ciii-xiv 

Passataquack,    192,   204,  232, 

699,706,  7x8,  938 

Passaquenock 312 

Passe,  Simon  de    .     .     .     .  cxxxv 

Pataromerke 20 

Patawomeke,    ciii-xiv,  53,  71, 


112-3,  Ti6,  119,  146,  172,  192, 
348,  367,  398,  416-8,  421,  424, 
428,  463,  498,  503,  5",  542, 

586,  591-3,  596,  600,  606 

Patience  Fort 510 

Patuxet  ....  264,  707,  754 
Patuyet  [i.e.,  Patuxet).  .  .757 
Pau[g]huntanuck  .  192,  706,  938 
Pawatah,  or  Powhatan,  xliii, 

xlv,  xlvii,  xlix,  1 
Pawatahs  Tower  .  .  xliii-v,  lxix 
Pawetan,  see  Powhatan  .  .  cv 
Pawmet,  192,  205,  707,  719-20, 

764, 938 
Pawtuxunt  .    53,  71,  119,  146, 

,      34,8-9,  367,  424,  463,  567 
Payankatank,  18,  52,  82,  114, 

119,  348,  378,  398,  419,  430 

Pazaticans 586 

Peacock,  N.     .      94,  131,  390,  448 

Pearce,  Mrs 887 

Pechmo 697 

Pecksnot 765 

Pekeninne 697 

Pelham,  Capt 901 

Pembrocks  Bay 259 

Pembrocks  Fort  .  .  .  644,  686 
Pembroke's  Tribe  ....  662 
Pembroke ;  William  Herbert, 

Earl  of 663,  808, 893 

Pemissapan  .  .  .  .313,  315-7 
Pemmaquid,  176, 189, 192, 203, 

232,  696,  700,  706.  717,  937-8 

Penington,  J 390 

Pennington,  R lxxi 

Pennistonne,  A 663 

Pennobscot,  cxx,  192-3,203,206, 
232,700,706-7, 717-8,720-1,767,938 

Pennobscots 938-9 

Pentecost  harbour    ....  338 

Perce,  (?) 583,  664 

Perce,  A 885 

Perce,  W 108,  412 

Percy,  Lieut. ,  afterwards 
Capt.,  afterwards  Gov.,  the 
Hon.  G.,  xxx,  xl,  xli,  lvi, 
lvii,  Ixxii,  lxxxiv,  xc,  xcvii- 
viii,  cii,  cxviii,  cxxix,  93, 127, 
130-1,  139, 142,  144, 155,  162, 
166,  170,  262,  384,  389,  434, 
438,  440,  447-8,  456,  458,  461, 
468,  472,  476,  481,  485,  488, 

497-8, 503,  505-6,  888 
Pericles   ....     245,  269,   774 

Perigrines  Mount 423 

Perkins,  F 108,  412 

Perkins,  F 108,  411 

Perry  • 57" 

Perse,  T 58 

Peryman,  N 31 

Pett,  (?) xcv 

Pewhatan,  or  Powhatan  .  .  17 
Pewhatan,  or  Powhatan  .    .     19 

Pharaoh 644 

Phelps,  T 129,  445 

Phettiplace,  M.,  xxx,  cxxviii, 

107,  131,  185,  262,  404,  411, 

448,  463,  493 
Phettiplace,    W.,   xxx,   cxvii, 

cxviii,   cxxviii,    86,  89,    104, 


Philpot. 


Index  . 


Rolfe.      981 


107, 131,  140, 148, 165,  169, 

185,  262,  404,  411,  448,  457, 

46S,  493 

Philpot,  H 129,  445 

Phips,  R 662 

Phitz-James,  Capt.    .     .     164,  482 
Pickhouse,  D.      .  lxxi,  xc,  93,  390 

Piemacum 309 

Pierce,  J 271 

Piggase,  D lxxi,  xc 

Pike,  L.  0 cxx 

Pinkerton,  J.  C cxxxi 

Pisjng's  Point 424 

Pising,  Serg.  E.,94, 116, 131-2, 

390,  421,  448-9 

Pissassack 426,  429 

Pit,  Sir  W 621 

Pitzaro    .     .     .191,  580,  705,  965 
Placentia     .     .     .      227,  736,  740 

Plate,  River 197 

Plimouth    in   New  England, 

232,  699 
Ployer  [?    Plottha],    Earl  of 

xxii,  825-6 
Ployer  Point    .     .     •     .     110,414 
Pocahontas,  x,  xxx,  Ixxiv,  cxv- 
cxviii,  cxxvii,  cxxxi,  cxxxvi, 
38-9,  86,  107,  169,  263,  276, 
400-3,  410,  436,  455,  460,  498, 
511-2,  514,  525,  529-35,  814,  911 

Pocapawmet 192 

Pocopassum     .     .       192, 706,  938 
Pocoughtronack   .     .     .     .   20,  25 

Pohatans  Towre lxix 

Point  Comfort,  lxiii,  xcix,  119, 
™9»  155.  170,  43o.  442,  472, 

™  ,  ,         ™                          497' 52S 
Polaloga,  T 823 

Pollard,  (?) 661,666 

Pollison,  M.     ......  311 

Pomeiok      ....  309,311,327 

Pontauncat 145 

Pontius  Pilate S28 

Poole,  (?)      ....      596-8, 737 

Poole,  J xli 

Poomory,  Viscount    .     .     .     .  825 

Poor  Cottage    .    .     .      xlii,  lxviii 

Poot,  Dr.  J. 885-6 

Popham,  Capt.  G.     .     .     696,  964 

Popham   side   of  the    James 

river,  as  distinguished  from 

the  Salisbury  side    .     .     .  xlii-iii 

Popham,  Sir  F.,  188,  227,  697,  741 

Popham,  Sir  J.,  Lord  Chief 

Justice  .     .     .     189,  696,  893, 932 

Popogusso 321 

Port  Cotage lxviii 

Porto  Rico  .     .    .     .    lx,  310, 903 

Pory,  J.  .     .     .       lvi,  540,  567-70 

Pory,  P 108,  411 

Potapaco 52,   348 

Pot,  Dr.  (?)       564 

Pots,  R.,  cxvii-viii,  86-7,  89, 

108, 165,  169,  411,  488 

Poughwaton,  or  Powhatan,  lxxv 

Poule,  (?) 542 

Poulson,  (?) 662,  664 

Pountas,  J 561 

Powas 766 

Powatah     [*.<•.,     Powhatan], 


the  Under  Chief  living  at  the 
place  of  this  name  (xliii,  1, 
lxix) ;  the  Little  Powhatan 
(cii)  as  distinguished  from  the 
supreme  chief  Wahunsona- 
cock  or  Powhatan,  who  lived 
at  Werowocomoco,  12  miles 
(lxxvi)  from  James  town,  and 
afterwards  at  Orapakes,  50 
miles  (151)  by  land. 

Powel  brook 583 

Powel,  Capt.  H 906 

Powel,  Capt.  W.  .      482,  594,  603 

Powell,  (?) 129,  446 

Powell,  Capt.  (?)  .     .     .       656-78 

Powell,  Capt.  J 907-8 

Powell,  Capt.  N.  .  86,  89,  93, 
101, 116,  iao,  131,  139,  142-3, 
158, 164, 390,  404,  421,433. 456, 

458-9.  475.  529.  540,  575.  583 

Powell,  H 131,  448 

Powell,  J.,  .     .    .    108-9,  4I2>  413 

Powell's  Isles 424 

Powetan  or  Powhatan       .     .  ciii 
Powhatan,  a  place,  51-2,  91, 

165,  483 
Powhatan  or  fames  river  .  32,  50 
Powhatan  or  Wahunsonacock, 

iS  and  passim 
Po[w]hatan      River     of,     or 
James  river  ....  lxviii,  cii 
Powhatans,  lxxvi,   lxxxvi,   7, 
26,  34,  71-3,  75,  82,  92,  124, 
134.  156,  35i.  366-8,  371,  387, 

427,  451,  47o,  472,  5i3 
Powmet,  or  Pawmet  .  .  .  764 
Poyrunne,  (?)....     176,  739 

Prat 283 

Prat,  J.    .     .     .    129, 131,  445,  448 

Prat,  R 329 

Predeox  (?)  .  .     .     .     311,317 

Pretty,  G 108,411 

Price,  (?) 508 

Prince,  Rev.  T.     .     .     .      cxxxiii 
Pring,  Capt.  M.    .      280,  336,  964 

Prinne,  Capt 888,  902 

Proctor,  Mrs 584 

Prodger,  R 108,  411 

Profit,  J.  .     94,  109,  116,  131, 
„    ,  ,    ^  39o,  413,  421,  448 

Profit  s  Pool     .         ....  424 

Puet,  H 654 

Purchas,  Rev.  S.,  xxii,  xxiii, 
xxviii,lvii,  cxxix,cxxx, cxxxi, 

cxxxiii,  282,  770,  806 

Purfoote,  (?) 806 

Pursser  (?),  a  pirate  ....  913 

Q 

Quaddaquina 755 

Queen's  bower       ....    xlix-1 
Quick's  assigns,  (?)....  662 

Quineth,  Owen 303 

Quioquascacke     ....     .    cv 
Quiranh,  Quiranck,  Quirank, 

xlii,  xlvi-vii,  li 
Quiyough  ....  52,  348,  418 
Quiyoughcohanocks,  50-1,  77, 

79.  158,  346-7.  373-4,  475 
Quiyoughcosughes    .     .       78,  374 


Quiyoughkasoucks  .  .  393,  395 
Quiyoughquosick  ....  22 
Quonahassit     .    ,       192,  205,  719 

R 

Rahowacah,  Monanacah   .       xlvi 
Raleigh,   Sir   W.,   xii,   cxxv, 
cxxxiii,  55, 121, 132, 158,  189, 
280,  283,  305,  310,  325,  434, 

443,  449,  474.  895-7 

Ransacke,  A 108,  412 

Rapahannos  Towne      .     .     .   lxv 
Rappahanna    .     .      lxiv,  lxv,  lxxi 
Rappahanock  river,  lxiv-lxv, 
lxxi,  55,  348,  351,   398,  419, 

424,  426,  429-30.  463 
Rasawrack  .     .    16-7,  21,  142,  459 

Rassaweak 366,  459 

Rassawmeake,   chief  town  of 

Monacans 71 

Ratcliffe,  alias  Sicklemore, 
Capt.  J.,  xxxii,  lxxiii-iv,  lxxix, 
lxxxiii,  lxxxv,  lxxxix,  xc, 
xcv,  xcviii-ix,  ci,  civ,  cxxix, 
8-10,  91,  93-5,  103-4,  "4-15, 
119,  122, 161-2,  164,  166,  170, 
337.  387.  389.  391-4.  404.  408, 
411-2,  420,  432,  435,  440,  442, 
444.  479,  480,  482,  484,  497, 

498,  500,  513 

Rat  Isle 226,  739 

Raven,  (?) 638 

Rawhurt 38, 401 

Read,  J.,  Ixxxiv,  12,  94-5,  109, 

132,  390,  413,  448 

Read  Point 424 

Rebecca,     Lady,    see    Poca- 
hontas   ......    529,  535 

Re,  Isle  de  .  cxxvii,  176,  912,  945 

Reynolds,  (?) 970 

Rhodes,  J 898,  900 

Riccard's    Cliffes,    m,    415,   419 

Rich,  (?) 661 

Rich,  R cxxxii 

Rich,  Sir  N cxx,  664 

Richmond ;  Frances,  Duchess 

of cxxxi,  274-5 

Rickahake 570 

Righkahauck 13 

Rio  Grande 340 

Roanoke,2o,23, 308 -17,325-7,328-9 
Robert,  a  Polonian   ....  528 

Roberts,  E 663 

Roberts,  jun.,  E.  .  .  .  .  662 
Robinson,  J.,   lxxxiii,  lxxxvi, 

cxv,  15-6,  93,  390,  395-6,  401 
Robinson,  Mistress  M.  .  .  543 
Robinson,     Serg.     E.,    xxiii, 

cxxviii,  230,  691,  852 
Rochdale  Hundred  ....  510 

Rodes,  C 108,  413 

Rodoll,  Prince      .     .      840, 847-9 

Roe,  Sir  T 896 

Rogers,  (?) 3" 

Rogers,  R 663 

Rolfe,  A cxxxvi 

Rolfe,  John  [or  Thomas,  p. 
cxxxvij  (also  spelt  Wroth), 
cxxxvi,    514,    520,   525,    529, 

539-40,  543 


982      Rolfe. 


Index 


Southampton, 


Rolfe,  Thomas,  his   son,  hy 

Pocahontas 535 

Romulus 488 

Ro[o]ds,  W.     .     .       lxxii,  94,  390 

Roonock 30 

Rose,  (?) 139,  446 

Rosier,  J 340 

Rosworme,  see  Rttsswurm  832-3 
Rowcroft,  alias  Stallings,  E., 

217,  223,  258,  539-40, 732, 73<5.  746 
Royal,  Port      .     .     517,  647,  963 

Royde,  W 900 

Roydon,  Capt.  M.  .  .  256,  697 
Rudolph    II.     of    Germany, 

Emperor 824 

Russawmeake 71 

Russe,  A 311 

Russell,  Dr.  W.,  86,  89, 108-9, 

...  II4-IS,  4".  4^3,  419-20 
Russell,  J.,  126,  129,  131,  133, 

I39-40, 144. 439. 445,448, 450, 

454,  450-7.  461 
Russell,  W.  .  .  .  cv,  129,  445 
Russel's  Isles  .  .  .  no,  4x3, 567 
Russwurm,  Earl  .  .  832-3,  835-6 
Rut 283 

S 

Saba be 

Sackville,  Sir  E. ,  exx,  664,  687-8 
Sackwell  (?),  a  pirate  .  .  .914 
Sagadahock     .      172,  189-90, 

192-3,  203,  206,  232,  696,  700, 

704,  706-7,  717,  720,  938,  964 
Sagoquas     .     .     .       192, 232, 699 

Sakaweston 697 

Salem 949, 958 

Salisbury ;  Robert  Cecil,  Earl 

of .  .  .  .  xcviii-ix,  c,  442,  893 
Salisbury  side  of  the  James 

river,  as  distinguished  from 

the  Popham  side     .    li,  lv,  lxxvi 

Salter,  D 3ix 

Salterne,  R. 336 

Saltonstall,  Capt.  C.  ...  902 
Saltonstall,  Sir  S.,  802,   809, 

902,  969,  970-x 
Saltonstall,  W.  .  cxxxiii,  exxxv 
Salvage,  Ens.  T.,  cli,  ciii,  27, 

31,37-8,102,108,405, 412,517,567-9 
Salvage,  R.,  xo8, 132, 139,412, 

448,  456 
Sambage,  W.    .     .     .     .     129, 445 

Samoset 754"5 

Samson 179 

Samson,  J 329 

Samuel,  (?)  a  Dutchman,  ciii, 

139,  456,  477 
Samuel ;  Archbishop  of  York,  920 
Sanders,  R.       ....     654,  656 

Sanderson,  W 305 

Sandford  (?) 176 

Sands,  T. 93,  390 

Sandwich  In   New   England, 

232,  700 
Sandys,  G.  (poet)  564,  574-7, 663 
Sandys,  Sir  E.      .  exx,  540,  662-4 

Sandys,  Sir  S 663-4 

Sandys  Tribe  ....  664,  678 
S»r» 599 


Sarapinagh 415 

Sasanow 206,  721 

Sasquesahanocks,  53,  55,  65, 

71,  118,  349-51,  361,  367,  422,  424 
Sassanow's  Mount,  206,  232,  699 

Satquin 206, 720,  938 

Sawocatuck 193,717 

Sayres  (?),  a  pirate    ....  9x4 

Scar 763 

Scarborough,  T xx 

Scheibler,  Carl  F.      .    .    .  exxxii 

Scipio 228 

Scot,  (?) X29,  446 

Scot,  E 664 

Scot,  G 664 

Scoutan,  Capt. 671 

Scrivener,  M.,  lxxxvii,  exxix, 

23.  27-32,  34-5, 37-8,  iox,  104- 

5,  IO7,  X09,  115,  119,  X22,  X27- 

31,143)404,407,409,411-21420- 

i»  432,  435,  438,  440-2,  446-7,  460 

Seaman,  (?) 696 

Secassaw 192,  707 

Secobeck 426 

Secotan 309,  311,  327 

Secowocomoco      ...      52, 348 

Sedan,  T 476,613 

Segar,  Sir  W.,  xvii,  xix,  xxiv, 

806,  843,  845 
begocket .     192,  203,  232,  700, 

706,  717,  938 
Segotago     ....  192,  706,  938 

Sekawone 52,  348 

Sendall,  Th 822 

Sewster,  E 971 

Shackaconias  ....       71,  367 

Shakahonea 427 

Shasghe,  The  I.ord  ....  824 
Sheffield's  plantation     .     .    .  582 

Sheffield,  T 582 

Shelly,  H 635-7 

Shephard,  M 664 

Sherwin,  T. 890 

Short,  J 390 

Short,  Old,  the  bricklayer .  .  xc 
Shortridge,  J.,  129,  131,  445, 

Shuter*s  [i.e.,  Shooter's]  Hill'  4 

in  New  England  .  .  232,  700 
Sicklemore,  M.,      X08-9,  116, 

131-2, 158,  411-3,  421,  448-9,  474 
Sicklemore,  Point  ....  424 
Sicklemore,  see  Ratcliffe, 

lxxxv,  xcix 
Sigismundus     Batori,     xxiii, 

xxiv,  272,  776,  7<J8,  806,  836, 

842-5,  847,  851-2,  869,  972 
Simmonds,  D.D.,  Rev.    W., 

cxix,  exxxii,  42,  86,   89-174, 

385-488,  497-500 

Simons,  R lxxm,  390 

Simons,  T 905 

Simons,  W 108,  412 

Skelton,  W 56,  697 

Sketon,  W 697 

Skicoak 308-9 

Skjko  . 3x4, 317 

Skinner,  J 311,  330 

Skot,  N 94,  390 

Skynner,  T xli 


Slaughter,  T 806 

Small,  K.     .     .     94, 109,  39o,  4x3 

Smalls,  Point 424 

Smethes,  W 390 

Smith  (?),  a  pirate     ....  9x4 

Smith,  A. 2x7, 732 

Smith,  A.  ,our  Author's  mother, 

xix-xx 
Smith,  A.,  our  Author's  sister, 

xx-i 

Smith,  C 662 

Smith,  Capt  J., passim. 

Smith,  Capt.  R 885 

Smith,  Capt.  W. 901 

Smith,  E 970 

Smith,  F.  ,our  Author's  brother,  xx-i 

Smith,  G 663-4 

Smith,  G. ,  our  Author's  father, 

xix-xxi 

Smith,  Grace xxi 

Smith,  Joan 970 

Smith,  N 182,  492 

Smith,  R. 663,  885 

Smith,R, our  Author's  brother  xxi 
Smith,  R. ,  our  Author's  kins- 
man   xx 

Smith,  S. 970 

Smith,  Sir  T.,  exx,  219,  4x1, 
505,  507,  5",  522,  524, 535-6. 
621,  641-2, 647,  649,  653,  661, 

663,  688 

Smith,  T 329 

Smith's  Falls 424 

Smith's  Fort,  Bermuda  (Sir  T.) 

644,  667,  686 
Smith's  Isles  in  New  England, 

exxxiv,  206,  232,  699 
Smith's  Isles  in  Virginia,  109, 
344.  4i3,  418,  567.  570,  603, 

642,  644,  661,  720,  884,  947 
Snarsbrough,  F.    .     .     .      94, 390 

Snelling,  (?) 31  x 

Snowdon  hill  in  New  England, 

232,  699 

Socrates 501 

Some,  E 890 

Somer,  (?) xcv 

Somer,  Capt.  M 641 

Somer  Isles,  xxxi,  exxvi-vii, 
243,  265-6,  285,  488,  6x4,  625, 
642,  647,  649,  652,  657,  660-1, 
666,  704,  770,  77X,  773,  788, 

889,  9x2,  940-1 
Somers,  Sir  G.,  xciv-v,  xcviii, 
cii,  exxv,  161, 171-2,478,499, 
503,  635-9,  644,  672,  673,  684, 

688,  964 
Somerset ;  Robert  Carr,  Earl 

of exxxvi 

Soraphanigh 1x1 

Sorico 206,  720 

Soto,  F.  de,  xii,  exxxii,  189, 

191,  702 
Southampton  Fort,  Bermuda, 

68x,  686 
Southampton  ;  Henry  Wrio- 
thesley,  Earl  of,  c,  exx,  544, 

562,  606,  662,  664,  696,  893,  965 
Southampton  Hundred,  Vir- 
ginia       581 


Southampton. 


Index. 


Von  Sulch.      983 


Southampton    in    New   Eng- 
land   232, 699 

Southampton  River  ....  503 
Southampton  Tribe,  Bermuda, 

662,  889 

Southwell,  Capt 666 

Sowocatuck     .    203,  232.  699,  707 

Sparke,  (?) oxxxv 

Sparkes,(?) 5*4 

Sparks,  J cxxxn 

Sparks,  M 274 

Sparks,  T 632,  668 

Sparrow,    F.    [who   went    to 

Manoa  (?)] 895 

Sparrow,  S 664 

Speareman,  J 108,  412 

Spelman,  Capt.  H.    .  ci-cxiv, 
172,  498,  503,  528,  583,  586,  606 

Spelman,  Sir  H ci 

Spence,  Ens.  W.,  108, 411, 516, 

542,  583 

Spencer,  Sir  R. lvi 

Spicer,  Capt 329-30 

Spilman,  Capt.  H.,see  Spelman. 

Squanto 754-5 

Squantum 756-60 

St.  Bartholomew 903 

St.  Catherine's  fort,  Bermuda, 

644,  686 
St  Christopher,  lix,  898,  900, 

903,  906,  910,  963-4 
St  David's  Island,  Bermuda,  661 

St.  Domingo 903 

St  Eustatia lx 

St  George's  Island,  Bermuda,  661 
St  George's  Isles     .    .     340,  661 
St  George's  Town,  Bermuda, 
639,  644, 648,  653-4.  672,  674, 

678,  684,  686 
St  John  de  Porto  Rico,  see 

Porto  Rico lx 

St  John's  Isles 331 

St.     John's     Town    in    New 

England 232,  700 

St  Lucia 903 

St  Martin 903 

St.  Mattalin 903 

St  Michael's  Isle      ....  536 

St  Vincent 903 

Stacy,  (?) 503 

Stafford,  Capt      .  311,  317,  326-8 

Staffordton,  Capt 318 

Stalling,  D 108,  412 

Stallings,  alias  Rowcroft,  E., 
217,  223,  258,  539-40. 732,  736, 746 
Standish,  Capt.  M.,  750-2, 754, 

762-5,  782 

Stegarakes 71, 367 

Stegora 427 

Sterling  ;  Sir  W.   Alexander, 

Earl  of cxxxiii 

Stevens,  H.,  F.S.A.,  xiv;  xvii, 

ci,  274,  490 

Stevens,  H.  N xvn 

Stevens,  T 329 

Stevenson,  J 390 

Stephen xli 

Stingray  Isle  .    114,  116,  419, 

421,  427 
Stith,  W.     .         ...       cxxxiii 


Stockham,  Rev.  J.    .  563,  579,  584 

Stokes,  (?) 654 

Stokes,  Capt.  (?) 685 

Stone,  Capt 902 

Stoodie,  T.,  see  Studley    .     lxxii 

Stow,  J 971 

Strachey,  W.   .     .     cxviii,  cxxxiii 
Studley,  T,  lxxii,  86,  89,  91, 
^    ,,       JI3.99.  107,  390,403,411 
Stukley,  Sir  L.      .     .  221,  535,  734 

Stukley,  (?) 310 

Succonet 764 

Summer  Isles,  cxxxi,  234,  274, 

o  ,.~  ^  58s'  5Q2»  6°3'  893«  964 
Sutdiffe,  Dean  of  Exeter,  Dr. 

M 220,  731 

Sutton,  Sir  R 621 

Swan,  J xix 

Swett,  C.  A cxxxiv 

Swinhow,  (?) 583 

Swinow,  G 664 

T 

T.  T. 81 

Talbot's  Bay  ....  259 

Tankard,  W.     .    94,  131,  384, 

390,  448,  488 

Tanner,  S 820 

Tanton,  S 660 

Tants  Wighcocomoco     .      55,  351 

Tap,  J .  2,  802 

Tappahanah,  lxxv,  lxxvi-vii, 

lxxxii 

Tappahanauk lv 

Tappanhanock  .  .  7,  18,  52,  71 
Tarrentines,  203,  218,  717,  732,  938 

Tassautessus 515 

Tassore  .  .  .  155,  468,  471,  474 
Taughtanakagnet,    192,    706,   938 

Taux 113 

Tauxanias 366 

Tauxenent 52,  348 

Tauxuntanias  ....  71,  427 
Taverner,  J.  .  101,  108,  404,  411 
Tavin,  H.    .  .     .     .       94,  390 

Ta[y]ler,  W 129,  446 

Tegninateos 367 

Tegoneaes 71 

Tegramund 902 

Tested,  W 900 

T[h]omond,  Earl  of  .  .  .  .656 
Thompson  (?),  a  pirate  .    .    .  914 

Thompson,  E 910 

Thorn,  J 283 

Thome,  A 890 

Thorp,  G.,  561,  565,  572,  574, 

582-3,  663 
Throgmorton,  K.,   lxxii,   93,    390 

Ticknor,  S 664 

Tilly,  E 750-1 

Tilly,  J 751 

Timbed,  H 664 

Timor,  Pasha  of  Nalbrits,  xxii, 

276,  854-5,  866 
Tindall,  R.     .  xxxviii-ix,  xli,  xcvi 

Toags 417 

Tockwoughs,  55,  68, 71, 117-8, 

_        155,  349.  35i,  367.  422-4.  472 

Tocokon 311 

Todkill,  A,  86,   89,  94,   101, 


103-4,  xo7,  109,  1 15-6,  120, 
131,  148,  158,  160,  404,  411, 
413,  420-21,  425, 433, 448,  465, 475 

Tokamahamon 759 

Tomlings,  F 664 

Topmanahocks 1* 

Toppohanock  .     .     lv,  lxxxii, 
lxxxv-vi,  7,   10,   18,  52,  71, 
113,  119,  146,  348,  366,  419,  601 

Toprent 192,  707 

Totant  in  New  England,  192, 

232,  699,  707,  938 

Totheet 192,  707 

Towtales,  L 108,  412 

Toyatan 591 

Tracy,  (?) 561 

Tradescant,  J 970 

Tragbigzanda,  Cape .    .    .     .  xxii 
Tragbigzanda,  Charatza,  xxii, 
204,  206,  232,  276,  699,  718, 

720,  814,  853,  855,  866 
Transylvania,  Duke  of  .    .    .  845 

Tredway,  Mrs 970 

Trinidado    .     .     .       311, 895, 906 
Trumbull,  Hon.  J.  H.       .      .  xiv 

Trypainks 312 

Tucker,  D.,  129,  445,  652-67, 

664,  669,  885 

Tucker,  G 624,  664 

Tufton,  Sir  W 902 

Tumbatu     [i.e.,     Timbuctoo] 

248,  272,  874 
Turbashaw,  Lord .  .  .  .  838 
Turkey  Island .  .  xli,  xlii,  xlvi,  lv 
Turks   heads,  The  three,  204, 

206,  718,  720,  838 

Turnbrydge.T xli 

Tusquantum  [or  Squantum], 

757-8,  762-3 

Underhill,  J.     .    .    .    .      cxxxiii 

Unger,  W. 94,  390 

Upton,  J 596 

Uttamatomakkin ....    533-4 
Uttamussack  in   Pamaunkee, 

75.  37i 
Uttasantasough 430 

V 

Vahan 833-4 

Vandyck cxxxvi 

Vasco 580 

Va[u]ghan,  Capt.      .    .    311, 315 
Vaughan,  Sir  W.       .     .      cxxxiii 

Veazie,  W.  C cxxx-i 

Veltus,  Col.      .  837,  847-9,  851-2 

Ven,  N zo8,  412 

Vere 108, 412 

Vere,  Sir  H.     .....     .  xcii 

Vesputicus,  Americus   .    283,  304 

Vilhaco bn 

Vincent,  (?) 310 

Vincent's  Collectanea,  xxiv,  842-3 
Virginia,  passim. 

Virgins,  Isle  of,  lx,  90, 243, 267, 386 
Volda  ;  Earl  of  Meldri  or  Mel- 
dritch,  Henry,  828,  831,  833, 
.  , ,       835-7,  842,  844,  847-9,  869 
Volday,  W.      .    158-9, 475-7,  487 
Von  Sulch   . 83a 


984      Wade. 


Index 


Zizimmus. 


w 

Wade,  Sir  W ,     .  664 

Waghenaer,  J.  S 802 

Wahunsonacock,  the  personal 
name  of  the  Powhatan  of 
Virginian  story,  see  Pow- 
hatan      79,  375 

Waiman,  F lvi 

Wainman,  Sir  F.,  171,  478,  500,  616 
Wakcogo      ....  192,  706,  938 
Waldo,  Capt.  R.,  122-3,  127, 
129-30, 143, 435,  438,  44°.  443. 

445.  447.  4<5o 

Walker,  (?) 129,  446 

Walker,  G lxxii,  390 

Walker,  M .971 

Waller,  J.     .  .    Ixxxiv,  94,  390 

Wallistone,  Capt.  .  .  224, 736 
Walsing[h]am  (?),  a  pirate .  .  914 
Walsingham,  Capt.  R.  .     .     .  637 

Wamanato 567-8 

Waranacomoco 18 

Warhigganus   .     .     .  192,  706,  938 

Ward  (?),  a  pirate 914 

Ward,  Capt 541-2 

Ward,  Point 424 

Ward,  W.,  108,  n6,  131,  412, 

421,  448 

Ware,  (?) 900 

Warner,  (?) lvi 

Warner,  CD cxxxii 

Warner,  Capt.  .  .  900-1,903 
Warner,  E. ,  his  son  ....  900 

Warrali,  Dr 786 

Warraskoyack  .  10,  23,  50-1, 
96,    114,   132,  346,   393,  420, 

„   „       448,540,575 

Warren,  Rev.  J.  S xxi 

Warriner,  T 898 

Warwick ;  Robert  Rich,  Earl 
of      .....      cxx,  662,  664 

Warwick's  Castle 644 

Warwick's  Fort  .  .  .  678,  686 
Warwick's  Tribe  .     .     .    662,  664 

Wassador 314 

Wassapinewat 764 

Waterhouse,  E.  .  .  .  cxxxiii 
Waters,  E.,       583,  591-2,  638, 

640-41,  648-9,  660 

Waters,  J 664 

Watkins,  J.,      108-9,  112, 116, 

132,  412-3,  417,  421,  425,  448 

Watkins  Point 424 

Watson,  Th 2,3 

Watson,  T 217,  732 

Wawigweek  .  .  .  192, 706, 938 
Waymouth,  Capt.  G.,  189, 337, 

703,  964 
Weanock,  7,  11,  37-8,  51,  347, 

583,  594 
Weapoco,  or  Oyapok,  xxviii, 

cxxiv,  896 
Weapomeiok    .    .    .      31 1-2, 316 

Weaver,  (?) 900 

Web.  W 164,662 

Webb,  Capt  (?)  .    .    xcv,  479 


Wcbbe,  T.  .  .  94,  390,  482,  508 
Wecuttanow     .     .     .      145-6,  462 

Welby,  W 2 

Werawahone 12 

Werowocomoco,  lxxvi,  cxviii, 

18, 2i-2,  24,  31,  51,  79,  82,  98, 

101,  123,  128,  131,  133,  145-6, 

347,  375,  378,  402,  404,  435-7. 

440,  448-9,  460,  462-3,  470,  531 

West  Indies,  passim. 

West,  J 583 

Weston's  colony    .      760,  762, 

764-6,  942,  946 
Weston,  T.  .     .     .      261,  760,  764 

Westover 583 

West's  Fort       .    .    .    .165,  484 

West's  heirs 664 

West's  Plantation,  Capt.  N.  .  583 
West  Sherly  Hundred  .  .  .510 
West,  The  Hon.  F.,  xxx, 
xcvii-viii,  cii,  129,  131,  139, 
142,  144-5,  155,  162-3,  165, 
170,  262,  438,  445,  448,  456, 
458,  461-2,  472,  478,  481,  484, 

497-8,  540,  663,1885-6 

Wheatley,  (?) .664 

Whitaker,    Rev.    A.,  cxxxiii, 

510,  520,  521,  579 
Whitbourne,  Capt.  C.  .  .  .  777 
Whitbourne,  Capt.  R.,  cxxxiii, 

,  „  .       r,  694>  777-8 

White,  B xli 

White,  Capt.  J.  .  .  .  908,  964 
White,  Capt.  W.  .  .  .  896,  899 
White,  J.,  283,  326,  329,  331, 

351,  482 

White,  Mrs. 751 

White,  P 751 

White,  Rev.  J.  .  .  .  cxxxiii 
White,  W.    .     .  lxxiii,  94,  164,  390 

Whitson  Bay 336 

Whitson,  J 336 

Whonkenteaes      ...       71,  367 

Wichaguscusset 762 

Wick[h]am,  W 540 

Wiffin,  D 287,  580 

Wiffing,  R.,  cxxviii,  86,  101, 
108,  144,  146,  148,  159,  185, 
404,  4",  460,  463,  465,  476,  493 
Wighcocomoco     .  52,  65,  no, 

348,  361,  414-5,  424,  586 

Wilcocks,  Capt 567 

Wiles,  B 108,  412 

Wilkinson,  W.,  Surgeon,  94,  390 
Williams,  (?)....     129,  446 

Williams,  Capt 697 

Williams,  N 852 

William  the  Conqueror.     .     .  824 
Willoughby    d'Eresby,  Pere- 
grine Bertie     ....     xix,  822 
Willoughby  d'Eresby ;  Robert 
Bertie,   Lord,   see   Lindsey, 

xxii.  424,  822,  827 
Willoughby  Isles  in  New  Eng- 
land   232,  700 

Willoughby,  Sir  H.       ...  304 


Willowbyes  River     ....   $aj 

Wilson,  a  pirate 914 

Wilson,  (?) 1 

Wimp,  (?) 57a 

Winauh,  Winhauk    .     xli,  li-ii,  lv 
Wingandacoa   .     .     .    306,  309-10 
Wingfield.Capt.E.  M., xxviii, 
xxxii,  xl,  liii,  lxxiii-xci, cxviii, 
6,  9.  89,  91,  93,  97,  105,  385, 
„,.      .  387.  389,  39i,  394,  408 

Wingina    .      306,309-11,323,327 
Winne,  Capt.  P.,  .       122,  127, 
129-30,  139,  151-2,  157,  435, 
438,  44o,  443,  445-7,  456,  462, 
__  467-9,  473 

Winne,  H 129,  445 

Winslow,  E.,  cxxxiii,  694,  751, 

.  756,  763-4.  769 
Winsor,  J.  .  .  xiv,  xvii,  cxxxiii-v 
Winthrop,  Gov.  J.,  xi,  cxxxv, 

_,   o-    r,  0l8'  9*6'  947,  954 

Winwood,  Sir  R 664 

Wiseman,  R 663 

Wither,  G 183,  690 

Wittawamat     ....     763,  765 

Wocohon 310, 329 

Wodall,  J 664 

Woddiffe,  Capt 542 

Wolleston,  H.,  129,  445,  736-7 
Wollisio  [i.e.,  Winslow]  .  .  755 
Wollistone  (?),  a  pirate  .     .     .  914 

Wolverstone,  Capt 908 

Wood,  B 310 

Wood,   Capt.,  xcv,   164,  479,  482 

Wood,  Ens 668 

Wood,  J 310 

Wood,  J.,  a  Frenchman     .     .  654 

Wood,  R -890 

Wood,  W cxxxiii 

Woodhouse,  Capt.  .  .  688,  880 
Worley,  R.  .     .    108,  131,  411,  448 

Worseley,  E 285 

Wotton,  T.,  Surgeon,  xli,  xc, 

„  94,  39o,  392,  402 

Wright,  E 802 

Wroth,  J.  [?  also  Rolfe]  .  663-4 
Wyat,  S.  F.,  562,  564,  570, 573,  603 


Yarington,  G.   129,  131,  445,  448 
Yearley,  Sir  G.,       525-7,  529, 
535,  538,  540,  562,  567,  583, 

,r       ,  ^     ,  ,594-5.599.885-6 

York,  Duke  of  [afterwards 
Charles  I.] 48,  344 

Youghtanund,  lv,  ciii,  cv,  17, 
21,  37,  5i»   79.  80,  146,  347, 

m    375-  398,  463,  585.  601 

Young,  W 108,  412 


Zarvana,  Earl .     841,  847,  849,  852 
Zoto  [i.e.,  Solo]    .     .     .     705, 965 

Zucchero cxxxvi 

Zuchelli,  Madame     .     .      cxxxvi 
Zizimmus,  Pasha ....       849 


Finis  coronat  opus, 


Smith,  John 

Travels  and  works  of 
Captain  John  Smith       A  new  ed, 


PLEASE  DO  NOT  REMOVE 
CARDS  OR  SLIPS  FROM  THIS  POCKET 

UNIVERSITY  OF  TORONTO  LIBRARY 


% 


