SOURCE HEADER | URL: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/A12470/master/A12470.xml | Edition: John Smith, A True Relation of such occurrences and accidents of noate as hath hapned in Virginia, London: for John Tappe, 1608 (STC 22795.5), EEBO-TCP A12470 (quarto unpaginated) | Fetched: 2026-09-14 (UTC) by worker B | EEBO-TCP transcription converted to plain text; [[PAGE n]] = original page breaks, [[MARGIN: ...]] = original marginal notes, [?] = illegible letter in TCP
----



 Indians of North America -- Virginia.
 Virginia -- History -- Colonial period, ca. 1600-1775.

 2005-04
 TCPAssigned for keying and markup

 2005-05
 AptaraKeyed and coded from ProQuest page images

 2005-07
 Judith SiefringSampled and proofread

 2005-07
 Judith SiefringText and markup reviewed and edited

 2005-10
 pfsBatch review (QC) and XML conversion

[[PB facs tcp:26291:1]]

[[PB facs tcp:26291:1]]

 A
TRVE RElation
of ſuch occurrences
and accidents of noate as
hath hapned in Virginia ſince the firſt
planting of that Collony, which is now
reſident in the South part thereof, till
the laſt returne from
thence.

 Written by Captaine Smith Coronell of the ſaid Collony, to a
worſhipfull friend of his in England.

 LONDON
Printed for Iohn Tappe, and are to bee ſolde at the Greyhound
in Paules-Church-yard, by W. W.
1608

[[PAGE simple:additions]]

[[PB facs tcp:26291:2]]

[[PB facs tcp:26291:3]]

[[PB facs tcp:26291:3]]

 [?]

[[PB facs tcp:26291:4]]

[[PB facs tcp:26291:4]]

 To the Courteous Reader.

 COurteous, Kind, & indifferent Readers, whoſe willingneſſe
to reade & heare this following diſcourſe,
doth explaine to the world your hearty affection,
to the proſecuting and furtherance of ſo worthy an action:
ſo it is, that like to an vnskilfull actor, who hauing
by miſconſtruction of his right Cue, ouer-ſlipt himſelfe,
in beginning of a contrary part, and fearing the
hatefull hiſſe of the captious multitude, with a modeſt
bluſh retires himſelfe in priuate; as doubting the reprehenſion
of his whole audience in publicke, and yet againe
vpon further deliberation, thinking it better to
know their cenſures at the firſt, and vpon ſubmisſion to
reape pardon, then by ſeeking to ſmother it, to incurre
the danger of a ſecret ſcandall: Imboldening himſelfe
vpon the curteous kindneſſe of the beſt, and not greatly
reſpecting the worſt, comes fourth againe, makes an Apollogie
for himſelfe, ſhewes the cauſe of his error,
craues pardon for his raſhnes, and in fine, receiues a generall
applauditie of the whole aſſemblie: ſo I gentle
Readers, happening vpon this relation by chance (as I
take it, at the ſecond or third hand) induced thereunto
by diuers well willers of the action, and none wiſhing
better towards it then my ſelfe, ſo farre foorth as my
poore abilitie can or may ſtretch too, I thought good to
publiſh it: but the Author being abſent from the preſſe,
it cannot be doubted but that ſome faults haue eſcaped
in the printing, eſpecially in the names of Countries,

[[PB facs tcp:26291:5]]

Townes, and People, which are ſomewhat ſtrange vnto
vs: but moſt of all, and which is the chiefe error, (for
want of knowledge of the Writer) ſome of the bookes
were printed vnder the name of Thomas Watſon, by
whoſe occaſion I know not, vnleſſe it were the ouer raſhneſſe,
or miſtaking of the workemen, but ſince hauing
learned that the ſaide diſcourſe was written by Captaine
Smith, who is one of the Counſell there in Virginia: I
thought good to make the like Apollogie, by ſhewing
the true Author ſo farre as my ſelfe could learne, not
doubting, but that the wiſe noting it as an error of ignorance,
will paſſe it ouer with patience, and if worthy an
applauditie, to reſerue it to the Author, whoſe paines in
my iudgement deſerueth commendations; ſomewhat
more was by him written, which being as I thought (fit
to be priuate) I would not aduenture to make it publicke
what more may be expected concerning the ſcituation of
the Country, the nature, of the clime, number of our people
there reſident, the manner of their gouernment, and
liuing, the commodities to be produced, & the end & effect
it maycome too, I can ſay nothing more then is here
written, only what I haue learned and gathered from the
generall conſent of all (that I haue conuerſed withall) aſwell
marriners as others, which haue had imploymēt that
way; is that the Country is ex[?]cellēt & pleaſant, the clime
temperate and healthfull, the ground fertill and good,
the commodities to be expected (if well followed) many,
for our people, the worſt being already paſt, theſe former
hauing indured the heate of the day, whereby thoſe that
ſha[?]l ſucceede, may at eaſe labour for their profit, in the
moſt ſweete, coole, and temperate ſhade: the action moſt
honorable, and the end to the high glory of God, to the
erecting of true religion among Infidells, to the ouerthrow
of ſuperſtition and idolatrie, to the winning of

[[PB facs tcp:26291:5]]

many thouſands of wandring ſheepe, vnto Chriſts fold,
who now, and till now, haue ſtrayed in the vnknowne
paths of Paganiſme, Idolatrie, and ſuſperſtition: yea, I
ſay the Action being well followed, as by the graue Senators,
and worthy aduenturors, it hath beene worthily
begunne: will tend to the euerlaſting renowne of our
Nation, and to the exceeding good and benefit of our
Weale publicke in generall: whoſe Counſells, labours,
godly and induſtrious endeuours, I beſeech the mightie
Iehouah to bleſſe, proſper, and further, with his heauenly
ayde, and holy aſſiſtance.

 Farewell.
I. H.

[[PB facs tcp:26291:6]]

[[PB facs tcp:26291:6]]

 A
True relation of ſuch occurrences
and accidents of note, as hath hapned in Virginia,
ſince the firſt planting of that Collony,
which is now reſident in the South part
thereof, till the laſt returne.

 KInde Sir, commendations remembred,
&c. You ſhall vnderſtand
that after many croſſes in the downes
by tempeſts wee arriued ſafely vppon
the Southweſt part of the great Canaries:
within foure or fiue daies after
we ſet ſaile for Dominica, the 26. of
Aprill: the firſt land we made, wee fell
with Cape Henry, the verie mouth of
the Bay of Chiſſiapiacke, which at that preſent we little expected,
hauing by a cruell ſtorme bene put to the Northward:
anchoring in this Bay twentie or thirtie went a ſhore with
the Captain▪ and in comming aboard, they were aſſalted with
certaine Indians, which charged them within Piſtoll ſhot: in
which conflict, Captaine Archer and Mathew Morton were
ſhot: wherupon, Captaine Newport ſeconding them, made a
ſhot at them, which the Indians little reſpected, but hauing
ſpent their arrowes retyred without harme and in that place
was the Bar opened, wherin the Counſell for Virginia was
nonnnated: and arriuing at the place where we are now ſeated,
the Counſell was ſworne, the Preſident elected, which for
that yeare was Maiſter Edm. Maria Wingfield, where was

[[PB facs tcp:26291:7]]

made choice for our ſcituation, a verie fit place for the erecting
of a great cittie, about which ſome contention paſſed betwixt
Captaine Wingfield and Captaine Goſnold, not-withſtanding
all out prouiſion was brought a ſhore, and with as
much ſpeede as might bee wee went about our fortification.

 The two and twenty day of Aprill, Captain Newport and
my ſelfe with diuers others, to the number of twenty two
perſons, ſet forward to diſcouer the Riuer, ſome fiftie or ſixtie
miles, finding it in ſome places broader, & in ſome narrower,
the Countrie (for the moſte part) on each ſide plaine high
ground, with many freſh Springes, the people in all places
kindely intreating vs, daunſing and feaſting vs with ſtrawberries,
Mulberies, Bread, Fiſh, and other their Countrie
prouiſions wherof we had plenty: for which Captaine Newport
kindely requited thei[?] leaſt fauours with Bels Pinnes,
Needles, beades or Glaſſes, which ſo contented them that his
liberallitie made them follow vs from place to place, and euer
kindely to reſpect vs. In the midway ſtaying to refreſh our
ſelues in a little Ile foure or fiue ſauages came vnto vs which
deſcribed vnto vs the courſe of the Riuer, and after in our
iourney, they often met vs, trading with vs for ſuch prouiſion
as wee had, and ariuing at Ar[?]atecke, hee whom we ſuppoſed
to bee the chiefe King of all the reſt, moſte kindely entertained
vs, giuing vs in a guide to go with vs vp the Riuer to Powhatan,
of which place their great Emperor taketh his name,
where he that they honored for King vſed vs kindely. But to
finiſh this diſcouerie, we paſſed on further, where within an
ile we were interrepted with great craggy ſtones yt in midſt
of the riuer, where the water falleth ſo rudely, and with ſuch a
violence, as not any boat can poſſibly paſſe, and ſo broad diſperſeth
the ſtreame, as there is not paſt flue or ſire Foote at a
low water, and to the ſhore ſcarce paſſage with a barge, the
water floweth foure foote, and the freſhes by reaſon of the
Rockes haue left markes of the inundations 8. or 9. foote:
The ſooth ſide is plaine low ground, and the north ſide high

[[PB facs tcp:26291:7]]

mountaines, the rockes being of a grauelly nature, interlace[?]
with many vains of gliſtring ſpangles That night we returned
to Powhatan: the next day (being Whitſunday after dinner)
we returned to the fals, leauing a mariner in pawn with
the Indians for a guide of theirs, hee that they honoured for
King followed vs by the riuer. That afternoone we trifled in
looking vpon the Rockes and riuer (further he would not goe)
ſo there we erected acroſſe, and that night taking our man at
Powhatans, Cap. Newport congratulated his kindenes with
a Gown and a Hatchet: returning to Arſetecke, and ſtayed
there the next day to obſerue the height therof, & ſo with many
ſlgnes of loue we departed. The next day the Queene of Agamatack
kindely intreated vs, her people being no leſſe contented
then the reſt, and from thence we went to another place,
(the name whereof I doe not remember) where the people
ſhewed vs the manner of their diuing for Muſſels, in which
they finde Pearles.

 That night paſſing by Weanock ſome twentie miles from
our Fort, they according to their former churliſh condition,
ſeemed little to affect vs, but as wee departed and lodged at
the point of Weanocke, the people the next morning ſeemed
kindely to content vs, yet we might perceiue many ſignes of
a more Iealouſie in them then before, and alſo the Hinde that
the King of Arſeteck had giuen vs, altered his reſolution in
going to our Fort, and with many kinde circumſtances left
vs there. This gaue vs ſome occaſion to doubt ſome miſchiefe
at the Fort, yet Capt. Newport intended to haue viſited Paſpahegh
and Tappahanocke, but the inſtant change of the
winde being faire for our return, we repaired to the fort withall
ſpeed, where the firſt we heard was that 400. Indians the
day before had aſſalted the fort, & ſuppriſed it, had not God (beyond
al their expectations) by meanes of the ſhippes at whom
they ſhot with their Ordinances & Muskets, cauſed them to
retire, they had entred the fort with our own men, which were
then buſied in ſetting Corne, their armes beeing then in drieſats
& few ready but certain Gentlemē of their own, in which

[[PB facs tcp:26291:8]]

conflict, moſt of the Counſel was hurt, a boy ſlaine in the Pinnas,
and thirteene or fourteene more hurt Withall ſpeede we
palliſadeed our Fort: (each other day) for ſixe or ſeauen daies
we had alarums by ambuſcadoes, and foure or fiue cruelly
wounded by being abroad: the Indians loſſe wee know not,
but as they report three were ſlain and diuers hurt.

 Captaine Newport hauing ſet things in order, ſet ſaile for
England the 22 of June, leauing prouiſion for 13. or 14
weeks. The day before the Ships departure, the King of Pamaun[?]e
ſent the Indian that had met vs before in our diſcouerie,
to aſſure vs peace, our fort being then paliſadoed round,
and all our men in good health and comfort, albeit, that throgh
ſome diſcentented humors, it did not ſo long continue, for the
Preſident and Captaine Goſnold, with the reſt of the Counſell,
being for the moſte part diſcontented with one another in
ſo much, that things were neither carried with that diſcretion
nor any buſines effected in ſuch good ſort as wiſdome would,
nor our owne good and ſafetie required thereby, and through
the hard dealing of our Preſident, the reſt of the counſell beeing
diuerſlie affected through his audarious commaund, and
for Captaine Martin, (albeit verie honeſt) and wiſhing the
beſt good, yet ſo ſicke and weake, and my ſelfe ſo diſgrac'd
through others mallice, through which diſorder God (being
angrie with vs) plagued vs with ſuch famin and ſicknes, that
the liuing were ſcarce able ſo bury the dead: our want of ſufficient
and good victualls, with continuall watching, foure or
fiue each night at three Bulwarkes, being the chiefe
cauſe: onely of Sturgion wee had great ſtore, whereon
our men would ſo greedily ſurfet, as it coſt manye
their liues: the Sack, Aquauitie, and other preſeruatiues for
our health, being kept onely in the Preſidents hands, for his
owne diet, and his few aſſociates: ſhortly after Captaine Goſnold
fell ſicke, and within thrée wéekes died, Captaine Ratcliffe
being then alſo verie ſicke and weake, and my ſelfe hauing
alſo taſted of the extremitie therof, but by Gods aſſiſtāce
being well recouered. Kendall about this time, for diuers

[[PB facs tcp:26291:8]]

reaſons depoſed from being of the Councell: and ſhortly after
it pleaſed God (in our extremity) to moue the Indians to bring
vs Corne, ere it was halfe ripe, to refreſh vs, when we rather
expected when they would deſtroy vs: about the tenth of
September there was about 46. of our men dead, at which
time Captaine Wingefield hauing ordred the affaires in ſuch
ſort that he was generally hated of all, in which reſpect with
one conſent he was depoſed from his preſidencie, and Captaine
Ratcliffe according to his courſe was elected.

 Our prouiſion being now within twentie dayes ſpent, the
Indians brought vs great ſtore both of Corne and bread ready
made: and alſo there came ſuch aboundance of Fowles into
the Riuers as greatly refreſhed our weake eſtates, wherevppon
many of our weake men were preſently able to goe abroad.
As yet we had no houſes to couer vs, our Tents were
rotten, and our Cabbins worſe then nought: our beſt commoditie
was Yron which we made into little chiſſels, the preſident,
and Captaine Martins ſicknes, conſtrayned me to be
Cape Marchant, and yet to ſpare no paines in making houſes
for the company, who notwithſtanding our miſery, little
ceaſed their mallice, grudging and mattering. As at this time
were moſt of our chiefeſt men either ſicke or diſcontented, the
reſt being in ſuch diſpaire, as they would rather ſtarue and
rot with idlenes, then be perſwaded to do any thing for their
owne reliefe without conſtraint: our victualles being now
within eighteene dayes ſpent, and the Indians trade decreaſing,
I was ſent to the mouth of y• riuer, to Kegquouhtan an
Indian Towne, to trade for Corne, and try the riuer for Fiſh,
but our fiſhing we could not effect by reaſon of the ſtormy
weather. The Indians thinking vs neare famiſhed, with
careleſſe kindnes, offred vs little pieces of bread, & ſmall handfulls
of beanes or wheat, for a hatchet or a piece of copper: In
the like maner I entertained their kindnes, and in like ſcorne
offered them like commodities, but the Children, or any that
ſhewed extraordinary kindenes, I liberally contented with
free gifte, ſuch trifles as wel cōtented them▪ finding this co[?]e

[[PB facs tcp:26291:9]]

comfort, I anchored before the Towne, and the next day returned
to trade, but God (the abſolute diſpoſer of all heartes)
altered their conceits, for now they were no leſſe deſirous of
cut commodities then we of their Corne: vnder colour to
fetch freſh water, I ſent a man to diſcouer the Towne,
their Corne, and force, to trie their intent, in that they deſired
me vp to their houſes: which well vnderſtanding, with
foure ſhot I viſited them, with fiſh, oyſters, bread and déere,
they kindly trades with me and my men, beeing no leſſe in
doubt of my intent, then I of theirs, for well I might with
twentie men haue fraighted a Shippe with Corne: The
Towne conteineth eighteene houſes, pleaſantly ſeated vpon
three acres of ground, vppon a plaine, halfe inuironed with
a great Bay of the great Riuer, the other parte with a Baye
of the other Riuer falling into the great Baye, with a little
Ile fit for a Caſtle in the mouth thereof, the Towne
adioyning to the mains by a necke of Land of ſixtie yardes.
With ſixteene buſhells of Corne I returned towards our
Forte: by the way I encountred with two Canowes of Indians,
who came ab[?]ord me, being the inhabitants of waroſkoyack,
a kingdome on the ſouth ſide of the riuer, which is in
breadth 5. miles and 20 mile or neare from the mouth: with
theſe I traded, who hauing but their hunting prouiſion, requeſted
me to returne to their Towne, where I ſhould load
my boat with corne, & with near thirtie buſhells I returned to
the fort, the very name wherof gaue great comfort to our deſparing
company: time thus paſſing away, & hauing not aboue
14. daies vituals left, ſome motiōs were made about our preſidents
& Capt. Archeri going for England, to procure a ſupply,
in which meane time we had reaſonablly fitted vs with
houſes, and our Preſident & Capt. Martin being able to walk
abroad, with much ado do it was concluded, that the pinnace and
barge ſhould goe towards Powhatan, to trade for corne: Letts
were caſt who ſhould go in her, the chance was mine, & while
ſhe was arigging. I made a voiage to Topohanack, where ariuing,
there was but certain women & children who fled from
their houſes, yet at laſt I drew them to draw néere, truck they

[[PB facs tcp:26291:9]]

durſt not, corne they had plenty, & to ſpoile I had no cōmiſſion:
In my reſume to Paſpahegh, I traded with that churliſh &
trecherous nation: hauing loaded 10 or 12 buſhels of corne,
they offred to take our pieces and ſwords, yet by ſtelth, but ſéeming
to diſlike it, they were ready to aſſault vs, yet ſtāding vpon
our guard in coaſting the ſhore, diuers out of the woods
would meet with vs with corn & trade, but leaſt we ſhould be
conſtrained, either to indure ouermuch wrong or directly fal to
reuenge, ſéeing them dog vs, from place to place, it being night,
& our neceſſitie not fit for warres, we tooke occaſion to returne
with 10 buſhells of corne: Cap. Martin after made 2 iournies
to that nation of Paſpahegh but eache tune returned with 8.
or 10. buſhells. All things being now ready for my iourney to
Powhatan, for the performance thereof, I had 8. men and my
ſelfe for the barge, as well for diſcouerie, as trading, the Pinnace,
5. Marriners, & 2. landmen to take in out ladings at conuenient
places. The 9 of Nouember I ſet forward for the diſcouery
of the country of Chikhamania, leauing the pinnace
the next tide to followe and ſtay for my comming at Point
weanock, 20 miles from our fort: the mouth of this riuer falleth
into the great riuer at Paſpahegh, 8 miles aboue our fort:
that afternoone I ſtayed the eb, in the bay of Paſpahegh with
the Indiās: towards the euening certaine Indians haled me,
one of them being of Chikahamania, offred to cōduct me to his
country, the Paſpabegheans grudged therat: along we went
by moonelight, at midnight he brought vs before his Towne,
deſiring one of our men to go vp with him, whom he kindely
intertained, and returned back to the barge: the next morning
I went vp to the towne, and ſhewed them what copper and
hatchets they ſhold haue for corne, each family ſeeking to giue
me moſt content: ſo long they cauſed me to ſtay yt 100 at leaſt
was expecting my comming by the riuer with corne, what I
liked I bought, and leaſt they ſhould perceiue my too great
want I went higher vp the riuer: this place is called Manoſquoſick
a quarter of a mile from the riuer, conteining thirtie
or fortie houſes, vppon an exceeding high land: at the foote
of the hill towards the riuer, is a plaine wood, watered
with many ſpringes, which fall twentie yardes right downe

[[PB facs tcp:26291:10]]

into the riuer: right againſt yt ſame is a great marſh, of 4. or 5.
miles circuit, deuided in 2 Ilands, by the parting of the riuer,
abounding with fiſh & fouls all ſorts a mile from thence is a
Towne called Oraniocke, I further diſcouered the Townes
of M[?]nſa, Apahaock, Werawahone, & Mamanahūt at eche
place kindely vſed, eſpecially at the laſt, being the hart of the
Country, where were aſſembled 200. people with ſuch aboū
 dāce
of corne, as hauing laded our barge, as alſo I might haue
laded a ſhip: I returned to Paſpahhegh, & conſidering yt want
of Corne at our Fort, it being night, with yt ebb, by midnight
I ariued at our fort, where I found our Pinnis run aground:
the next morning I vnladed ſeauē hogſheds into our ſtore, the
next morning I returned againe: the ſecond day I ariued at
Mamanahūt, wher y• people hauing heard of my cōming, were
ready with 3 or 400. baskets litle & great, of which hauing laded
my barge, with many ſignes of great kindnes I returned:
at my departure they requeſted me to hear our pieces, being in
the midſt of the riuer, which in regard of y• eccho ſéemed a peale
of ordnance, many birds and fowles they ſee vs dayly kil that
much feared them, ſo deſirous of trade wer they, yt they would
follow me with their canowes, & for any thing giue it me, rather
then returne it back: ſo I vnladed again 7 or 8. hogſheads
at our fort. Hauing thus by Gods aſſiſtance gotten good ſtore
of corne, notwithſtanding ſome bad ſpirrits not content with
Gods prouidence, ſtill grew [?]tinous, in ſo much, that our
preſident hauing ocaſion to chide the ſ[?]ith for his miſdeamenor,
he not only gaue him bad language, but alſo offred to ſtrike
him with ſome of his tooles, for which rebellious act, the smith
was by a Jury condemned to be hanged, but being vppon the
ladder continuing verry obſtinate, as hoping vpon a reſcue:
when he ſaw no other way but death with him, he became penitent,
& declared a dangerous conſpiracy, for which Captains
Kendall as principal, was by a Jury condē
 [?]ed & ſhot to death.
This conſpiracy appeaſed, I ſet forward for the diſcouery of
the Riuer of Checka Hamania: this third time I diſcouered y•
Townes of Matapamient, Morinogh, Aſcacap, moyſenock
Righkahauck, Nechanichock, Mattalūt, Attamuſpincke, &
diuers others, their plenty of corne I found decreaſed, yet lading

[[PB facs tcp:26291:10]]

the barge, I returned to our fort: our ſtore being now
indifferently wel prouided with corne, there was much adoe
for to haue the pinace goe for England, againſt which Captain
Martin & my ſelfe, ſtanding chiefly againſt it, and in fine after
many debatings, pro & contra, it was reolued to ſtay a [?]urther
reſolutiō: this matter alſo quieted, I ſet forward to finiſh
this diſcouery, which as yet I had neglected in regard of y• neceſſitie
we had to take in prouiſion whilſt it was to be had: 4[?].
miles I paſſed vp yt riuer, which for the moſt part is a quarter
of a mile broad, & 3. fatham & a half deep, exceeding vſey, many
great low marſhes, & many high lāds, eſpecially about yt midſt
at a place called Moyſonicke, a Peninſule of 4. miles cicuit,
betwixt two riuers ioyned to the main, by a neck of 40. or 50.
yards, and 40. or 50 yards from the high water marke: on both
ſides in the very necke of the maine, are high hills and dales,
yet much inhabited, the Ile declining in a plaine fertile corn[?]
field, the lower end a low marſh, more plentie of ſwannes,
cranes, geeſe, duckes, and mallards, & diuers ſorts of fowles
none would deſire: more plaine fertile planted ground, in ſuch
great proportions as there I had not ſeene, of a light blacke
ſandy mould, the cliffes commonly red, white and yellowe coloured
ſand, & vnder red & white clay, fiſh great plenty, & people
aboundance, the moſt of their inhabitants, in view of yt neck of
Land, where a better ſeat for a towne cannot be deſired: at the
end of forty miles this riuer inuironeth many low Ilands, at
each high water drowned for a mile, where it vniteth it ſelfe,
at a place called. Apokant the higheſt Towns inhabited. 10.
miles higher I diſcouered with the barge; in the mid way, a
great tree hindred my paſſage which I cut in two: heere the riuer
became narrower, 8. 9 or 10. foote at a high water, and 6.
or 7. at a lowe: the ſtreame exceeding ſwift, & the bottom hard
channell, the ground moſt part of a low plaine, ſandy ſoyle, this
occaſioned me to ſuppoſe it might iſſue from ſome lake or ſome
broad ford, for it could not be far the head, but rather then I
would endanger the barge, yet to haue beene able to reſolue
this doubt, & to diſcharge the imputation of malicious tungs,
that halfe ſuſpected I durſt not for ſo long delaying, ſome of
the company as deſirous as my ſelf, we reſolued to bier a Canow,

[[PB facs tcp:26291:11]]

and returne with the barge to Apocant, there to leaue
the barge ſecute, and put our ſelues vppon the aduenturs:
the country onely a vaſt and wilde wildernes, and but onely
that Towne: within three or foure mile we hired a Canow,
and 2. Indians to row vs yt next day a fowling: hauing made
ſuch prouiſion for the barge as was needfull, I lett her there to
ride, with expreſſe th[?]rge not any to go aſhore til my returne.
Though ſome wiſe men may condemn this too bould attempt
of too much indiſcretion, yet if they well cōſider the friendſhip
of the Indians, inconducting me, the deſolatenes of the country,
the propabilitie of ſome lacke, & the malicious iudges of my
actions at home[?]as alſo to ha[?]e ſome matters of worth to incourage
our aduenturers in england, might well haue cauſed
any honeſt [?] to haue done the like, as wel for his own diſcharge
as for the publike g[?]d: hauing 2 Indians for my guide
& 2 of our own company, I ſet forward, leauing 7 in the bargs:
hauing diſco[?]ered 20 miles further in this deſart, the riuer ſtil
kept his depth and bredth, but much more combred with trées:
here we went aſhore (being ſome 12 miles higher then yt barge
had bene) to refreſh our ſelues, during the boyling of our vituals:
one of the Indians I to[?]ke with me, to ſée the nature of the
ſoile, & to croſſe the bought[?] of the riuer, the other Indian I
leſt with M. Robbinſon and Thomas Emry, with their matches
light and order to diſcharge a peace, for my retreat at the
firſt ſight of any Indian, but within a quarter of an houre I
heard a leud cry, and hollowing of Indians, but no warning
peece, ſuppoſing them ſurpriſed, and that the Indians had betraid
vs, preſently I ſeazed him & bound his arme faſt to my
hand in a garter, with my piſtoll ready bent to be reuenged on
him: he aduiſed me to fly, and ſeemed dignorant of what was
done, but as we went diſcourſing, I was ſtruck with an arrow
an the right thigh, but without harme: vpon this occaſion
I eſpied 2 Indians drawing their bowes, which I preuented
in diſcharging a french piſtoll: by that I had charged againe 3
or 4 more did the like, for the firſt fell downe and fled: at my
diſcharge they did the like, my hinde I made my barricado
who offeced not to ſtriue, 20. or 30. arrowes were ſhot at me
but ſhort, 3 or 4 times I had diſcharged my piſtoll [?]re the

[[PB facs tcp:26291:11]]

king of Pamaūck called Opeckākenough with 200 men, inuironed[?]e,
eache drawing their bowe, which d[?]e they laid
them vpon the ground, yet without ſhot, my hinde treated betwixt
them and me of conditions of peace, he diſcouered me to
be the Captaine, my requeſt was to retire to yt boate, they demaunded
my armes, the reſt they ſaide were ſlaine, onely
me they would reſerue: the Indian importuned me not to
that. In retiring being in the midst of alow quagmire, and
minding them more then my ſteps, I ſlept faſt into the quagmire,
and alſo the Indian in drawing me forth: thus ſurpriſed,
I reſolued to trie their mercies, my armes I caſts from
me, till which none durſt approch me: being ceazed on me, they
drew me out and led me to the King, I preſented him with
a compaſſe diall, deſcribing by my beſt [?] the vſe therof,
whereat he ſo amazedly admired, as he ſuffered me to proceed
in a diſcourſe of the roundnes of the earth, the courſe of the
sunne, moone, ſtarres and plannets, with kinde ſpeeches and
bread he requited me, conducting me where the Canow lay
and Iohn Robbinſon ſlaine, with 20 or 30. arrowes in him.
Emry I ſaw not, I perceiued by the aboundance of fires
all ouer the woods, at each place I expected when they would
execute me, yet they vſed me with what kindnes they
could: approaching their Towne, which was within 6 miles
where I was taken, onely made as arbors and couered with
mats, which they remoue as occaſion requires: all the women
and children, being aduertiſed of this accident, came
foorth to meet them, the King well guarded with 20 bowmen
5 flanck and rear, and each flanck before him aſword & a péece,
and after him the like, then a bowman, then I on each hand
a boweman, the reſt in file in the reare, which reare led foorth
amongſt the trees in a viſhion, eache his bowe and a handfull
of arrowes, a quiner at his back gumly paintes: on eache
fl[?]nck a ſargeant, the one running alwaies towarde the front
the other towards the reare, each a true pace and in excéeding
good order, this being a good time continued, they [?] themſelues
in a ring with a daunce, and [?] eache man departed to

[[PB facs tcp:26291:12]]

his lodging, the Captain conducting me to his lodging a quarter
of Veniſon and ſome ten pound of bread I had for ſupper,
what I left was reſerued for me, and ſent with me to my l[?]dging:
each morning 3. women [?] me three great platters
of fine bread, more veniſon then ten men could deuour I had,
my gowne, points and garters, my compas and a tablet they
gaue me again, though 8 ordinarily guarded me, I wanted
not what they could deuiſe to content me: and ſtill our longer
acquaintance increaſed our [?]etter affection: much they threatned
to aſſault our forts, as they were ſolicited by the King of
Paſpahegh, who ſhewed at our fort great ſignes of ſorrow for
this miſchance: the King too he great delight in vnderſtanding
the manner of our ſhips and ſayling the ſeas, the earth & skies
and of our God: what he knew of the dominious he ſpared not
to acquaint me with, as of certaine men cloathed at a place called
Ocanahonan, cloathed like me, the courſe of our riuer, and
that within 4 or 5 daies iourney of the falles, was a great turning
of ſalt water: I deſired he would ſend a meſſenger to Paſpahegh,
with a letter I would write, by which they ſhold vnderſtand,
how kindly they vſed me, and that I was well leaſt
they ſhould reuenge my death: this he granted and ſent three
men, in ſuch weather, as in reaſon were vnpoſſible, by any naked
to be indured: their cruell mindes towards the fort I had
deuerted, in deſcribing the ordinance & the mines in the fields,
as alſo the reuenge Captain Newport would take of them at
his returne, their intent, I incerted the fort, the people of Ocanahonum
and the back ſea, this report they after found diuers
Indians that c[?]nfirmed the next day after my letter, came a
ſaluage to my lodging, with his ſword to haue ſlaine me, but
being by my guard intercepted, with abowe and arrow he offred
to haue effected his purpoſe: the cauſe I knew not, till
the King vnderſtanding thereof came and told me of a man a
dying, wounded with my piſtoll: he tould me alſo of another
I had ſlayne, yet the moſt concealed they had any hurte: this
was the father of him I had ſlayne, whoſe fury to pre
 [?]ent,
the King preſently conducted me to another Kingdome,

[[PB facs tcp:26291:12]]

vpon the top of the next northerly riuer, called Youghtanan,
hauing feaſted me, he further led me to another branch of the riuer,
called Mattapament, to ſwo other hunting townes they
led me, and to each of theſe Countries, a houſe of the great Emperour
of Pewhakan, whom as yet I ſuppoſed to bee at the
Fals, to him I tolde him I muſt goe, and to returne to Paſpahegh,
after this foure or fiue dayes marſh, we returned to Raſawrack,
the firſt towne they brought me too, where binding
the Mats in bundels, they marched two dayes iourney, and
croſſed the Riuer of Youghtanan, where it was as broad as
Thames: ſo conducting me to a place called Menapacute in
Pamaunke, where ye King inhabited: the next day another King
of that nation called Kekataugh, hauing receiued ſome kindnes
of me at the Fort, kindly inuited me to feaſt at his houſe, the people
from all places flocked to ſée me, each ſhewing to content
me. By this the great King hath foure or fiue houſes, each
containing foureſcore or an hundred foote in length, pleaſantly
ſeated vpon an high ſandy hill, from whence you may ſée weſterly
a goodly low Country, the riuer before the which his crooked
courſe cauſeth many great Marſhes of excéeding good ground.
An hundred houſes, and many large plaines are here togither
inhabited more abundance of fiſhe fowle, and a pleaſanter ſeat
cannot be imagined: the King with fortie Bowmen to guard
me, intreated me to diſcharge my Piſtoll, which they there preſented
me with a mark at ſix ſcore to ſtrike therwith but to ſpoil
the pr[?]ctiſe I broke the cocke, whereat they were much diſcontented
though a chaunce ſuppoſed.

 From hence this kind King conducted mee to a place called
Topahanocke, a kingdome vpon another Riuer northward:
the cauſe of this was, that the yeare before, a ſhippe had béene
in the Riuer of Pamaunke, who hauing beene kindly entertained
by Powhatan their Emperour, they returned thence, and
diſcouered the Riuer of Topahanocke, where being receiued
with like kindneſſe, yet he ſlue the King, and looks of his people,
and they ſuppoſed I were hee, but the people reported him a
great man that was Captaine, and vſing mee kindly, the

[[PB facs tcp:26291:13]]

next day we departed.

 This Riuer of Topahanock, ſéemeth in breadth not much
leſſe then that we dwell vpon. [?] the [?] of the Riuer is a
Countrey called Cuttata women vpwards is Ma[?]rough tacum
Tapohanock, Appamatuck, and Nantengs [?]acum; at
Topmanahocks, the head iſſuing from many Mountaines,
the next night I lodged at a hunting town of Powha[?]ams, and
the next day arriued at Waran[?]comoco vpon the riuer of Pama[?]ncke,
where the great king is reſident: by the way we paſſed
by the top of another little riuer, which is betwixt the two
called Payankatank. The moſt of this Countrey though Deſert,
yet excéeding fertil, good timber, moſt hils and dales, in each
valley a criſtall ſpring.

 Arrioing at Weramocomoco their Emperour, proudly
lying vppon a Bedſtead a foote high vpon ſeune or twelue
Mattes, richly hung with manie Chaynes of great Pearles
about his necke, and couered with a great Coucring of
Rahaughcums: At heade ſat a woman, at his feete another,
on each ſide ſitting vppon a Matte vppon the ground
were raunged his chiefe men on each ſide the fire, tenne in a
ranke, and behinde them as many yong women, each a great
Chaine of white Beades ouer their ſhoulders: their heades
painted in ridde and with ſuch a graue and Maieſticall countenance,
as draue me into admiration to ſée ſuch ſtate in a naked
Saluage, hee kindly welcomed me with good wordes, and
great Platters of ſondrie V[?]ctuals, aſſuring mee his friendſhip,
and my libertie within foure dayes, hee much delighted in
Opechan Comoughs relation of what I ha[?] deſcribed to him,
and oft examined me vpon the ſame. Hee aſked mee the cauſe
of our comming, I tolde him being in fight with the Spaniards
our enemie, beeing ouer powred neare put to retreat, and
by extreame weather put to this ſhore, where landing at Cheſipiack,
the people ſhal vs, but at Ke[?]u[?]ughtan they kindly
vſed vs, we by ſignes demaunded freſh water, they deſcribed
vs vp the Riuer was all freſh water, at P[?]ſpahegh, alſo they
kindly vſed vs, one Pinnſſe being leake wee were inforced to

[[PB facs tcp:26291:13]]

ſtay to mend her, till Captaine Newport my father came to
conduct vs away. He demaunded why we went further with
our Boa[?]e, I tolde him, in that I would haue occaſion to
talke of the backe Sea, that on the other ſide the maine, where
was ſalt water, my father had a childe flaine, whiche wée
ſuppoſed M[?]nocan his enemie, whoſe death we intended to
reuenge.

 After good deliberation, hée began to deſcribe mee the
Countreys beyonde the Falles, with many of the reſt, confirming
what not onely Opechancanoyes, and an Indian
which had beene proſoner to Pewhatan had before tolde mee,
but ſome called it fiue dayes, ſome ſixe, ſome eight, where the
ſayde water daſhed amongeſt many ſtones and rockes, each
ſtorme which cauſed off tymes the heade of the Riuer to bee
brackiſh: Anchanachuck he deſcribed to bee the people that
had ſlaine my brother, whoſe death hée would reuenge. Hée
deſcribed alſo vpon the ſame Sea, a mighty Nation called
Pocoughtronack, a fierce Nation that did eate men, and
warred with the people of Moyaoncer, and Pataromerke,
Nations vpon the toppe or the heade of the Bay, vnder his
territories, where the yeare before they had ſlein an hundred,
he ſignified their crownes were ſhauen, long haire in the necke,
tied on a knot, Swords like Polla[?]es.

 Beyond them he deſcribed people with ſhort Coates, and
Sléeues to the Elbowes, that paſſed that way in Shippes
like ours. Many Kingdomes hée deſcribed mée to the heade
of the Bay, which ſéemed to bée a mightie Riuer, iſſuing
from mightie Mountaines betwixt the two Seas, the people
cloathed at Ocamahowan. He alſo confirmed, and the Southerly
Countries alſo, as the reſt, that reported vs to be within a
day & a halfe of Mangoge, two dayes of Chawwonock, 6. frō
 Roo[?]ock, to the ſouth part of the backe ſea: he deſcribed a countrie
called Anone, where they haue abundance of Braſſe,
and houſes walled as outs. I required his diſcourſe, ſeeing
what pride hée had in his great and ſpacious Dominions,
ſeeing that all hee knewe were vnder his Territories.

[[PB facs tcp:26291:14]]

In deſcribing to him the territorles of Europe, which was
ſubiect to our great King whoſe ſubiect I was, the innumerable
multitude of his ſhips, I gaue him to vnderſtand the noyſe of
Trumpets, and terrible manner of fighting were vnder captain
Newport my father, whom I intituled the Meworames which
they call King of all the waters, at his greatneſſe hee admired,
and not a little feared: hee deſired mee to forſake Paſpaliegh,
and to liue with him vpon his Riuer, a Countrie called Capa
Howaſicke: hée promiſed to giue me Corne, Veniſon, or what
I wanted to feede vs, Hatchets and Copper wee ſhould make
him, and none ſhould diſturbe vs. This requeſt I promiſed to
performe: and thus hauing with all the kindnes hee could deuiſe,
ſought to content me: hee ſent me home with 4. men, one
that vſually carried my Gowne and Knapſacke after me, two
other loded with bread, and one to accompanie me.

 This Riuer of Pamaunke is not paſt twelue mile from that
we dwell on, his courſe northweſt, and weſterly, as the other.
Weraocomoco, is vpon ſalt water, in bredth two myles, and
to keepeth his courſe without any tarrying ſome twenty miles,
where at the parting of the freſh water and the ſalt, if diuideth
it ſelfe into two partes, the one part to Goughland, as broad as
Thames, and [?]auigable, with a Boats threeſcore or foure ſcore
miles, and with a Shippe [?], excéeding crooked, and manie
low grounds and mariſhes, but inhabited with aboundance of
warlike and tall people. The Countrey of Youghtomam, of
no leſſe worth, onely it is lower, but all the ſoyle, a fatte, fertill,
ſandie ground. Aboue Manapacumter, many high ſandie
Mountaines. By the Riuer is many Rockes, ſeeming if not of
ſeuerall Mines: The other branch a little leſſe in breadth, yet
extendeth not neare ſo farre, nor ſo well inbabited, ſomewhat
lower, and a white ſandle, and a white clay ſoyle: here is their
beſt Terra Sigillata: The month of the Riuer, as I ſee in the
diſcouerie therof with captain Newport, is halfe a wile broad, &
within foure miles not aboue a Muſket ſhot: the channell excéeding
good and dée[?]s, the Riuer ſtraight to the [?]. Kiskirk
the neareſt Nation to the entrances.

[[PB facs tcp:26291:14]]

Their religion and Ceremonie I obſerued was thus: thrée
or foure dayes after my taking ſeuen of them in the houſe where
I lay, each with a rattle began at ten a clocke in the morning to
ſing about the fire, which they inuironed with a Circle of
meale, and after a foote or two from that, at the end of each ſong,
layde downe two or thrée graines of wheate, continuing this order
till they haue included ſixe or ſeuen hundred in a halfe Circle,
and after that two or thrée more Circles in like maner, a hand
bredth from other: that done, at each ſong, they put betwixt euerie
three, two or fiue graines, a little ſlicke, ſo counting as an
old woman her Pater noſter.

 One diſguiſed with a great Skinne, his bead [?]ung round
with little Skinnes of Weaſels, and other vermine, with a
Crownel of feathers on his head, painted as vgly as the diuell,
at the end of each ſong will make many ſignes and demonſtrations,
with ſtrange and vehement actions, great cakes of Déere
ſuet, Deare, and Tobacco he caſteth in the fire, till ſixe a clocke
in the Euening, their howling would continue ere they would
depart. Each morning in the coldeſt froſt, the principall to the
number of twentie or thirtie, aſſembled themſelues in a round
circle, a good diſtance from the towne, where they told me they
there conſulted where to hunt the next day: ſo fat they fed nice,
that I much doubted they intended to haue ſacrificed mee to the
Quiyoughquoſicke, which is a ſuperiour power they worſhip,
a more vglier thing cannot be deſcribed: one they haue for
chief ſacrifices, which alſo they call Quiyoughquoſick: to cure
the ſick, a man with a Rattle, and extreame howling, ſhowting,
singing, and ſuch violent geſtures, and Anticke actions ouer
the patient will ſucke out blood and flegme from the patient out
of their vnable ſtomacke, or any diſeaſed place, as no labour will
more tire them, Tobacco they offer the water in paſſing in fowle
weather. The death of any they lament with great ſorrow and
weeping: their Kings they burie betwixt two mattes within
their houſes, with all his beads, tewels, hatchets, and copper: the
other in graues like ours. They acknowledge no reſurrection.
Powhatan hath thrée brethren, and two ſiſters, each of his bretheren

[[PB facs tcp:26291:15]]

ſuccéeded other.

 For the Crowne, their heyres inverite not, but the firſt
heyres of the Siſters, and ſo ſucceſſiuely the weomens heires:
For the Kings haue as many weomen as they will, his Subiects
two, and moſt but one.

 From Weramocomoco is but 12. miles, yet the Indians
trifled away that day, and would not goe to our Forte by any
perſwaſions: but to certaine olde hunting houſes of Paſpahegh
we lodged all night. The next morning ere Sunne riſe,
we ſet forward for our Fort, where we arriued within an houre,
where each man with the trueſt signes of ioy they could expreſſe
welcommed mee, except M. Archer, and ſome 2. or 3. of his,
who was then in my abſence, ſworne Counſellour, though not
with the conſent of Captaine Martin: great blame and imputation
was laide vpon mée by them, for the loſſe of our two men
which the Indians ſlew: inſo much that they purpoſed to depoſe
me, but in the midſt of my miſeries, it pleaſed God to ſend Captaine
Nuport, who arriuing there the ſame night, ſo tripled our
ioy, as for a while theſe plots againſt me were deferred though
with much malies againſt me, which captain Newport in ſhort
time did plainly ſee. Now was maiſter Scriuener, captaine
Martin, and my ſelfe, called Counſ[?]llers.

 Within fiue or ſixe dayes after the arriuall of the Ship, by a
miſchaunce our Fort was burned and the moſt of our apparell,
lodging and priuate prouiſion, many of our old men diſeaſed,
and of our new for want of lodging periſhed. The Empercur
Powhatan each wéeke once or twice ſent me many presents of
Deare, bread Raugroughcuns, halfe alwayes for my father,
whom he much deſired to ſée, and halfe for me: and ſo continually
importuned by meſſengers and preſents, that I would come to
fetch the corne, and take the Countrie their King had giuen me,
as at laſt Captaine Newport reſolued to go ſee him. Such
acquaintance I had amongſt the Indians, 
 [?]and ſuch confidence
they had in me, as neare the Fort they would not come till I
came to them, euery of them calling me by my name, would not
ſell any thing till I had firſt receiued their preſents, and what

[[PB facs tcp:26291:15]]

they had that I liked, they deferred ſo my diſcreſion: but after
acquaintance, they vſually came into the Fort at their pleasure:
The Preſident, and the reſt of the Councell, they kenew
not, but Captaine Newports greatneſſe I had ſo deſcribed, as
they conceyued him the chiefe, the reſt his children, Officers, and
ſeruants. We had agreed with yt king of Paſpahegh to conduct
two of our men to a place called Panawicke beyond R[?]onok,
where he reported many men to be apparelled. Wee lended
him at Warraskoyack, where playing the villaine, and deluding
vs for rewards, returned within thrée or foure dayes after
without going further. Captaine Newport, maiſter Scrinener,
and my ſelfe, found the mouth of Pamauncks riuer, ſome
25. or 30. miles northward from Cape Henricke, the chanell
good as before expreſſed.

 Arriuing at Weramocomoca, being iealous of the intent of
this politick ſaluage, to diſcouer his intent the better, I with 20.
ſhot armed in Jacks went a ſhore, the Bay where he dwelleth
hath in it 3. cricks, and a[?]ile and a halfe from the chanel all eſt,
being conducter to the towne, I found my ſelfe miſtaken in the
cr[?]eke, for they al there were within leſſe then a mile, the Emperors
ſonne called Naukaquawis, the captaine that looke me, and
diuerſe others of his chiefe men conducted me to their kings habitation,
but in the mid way I was intercepted by a great créek
ouer which they had made a bridge of grained ſtakes & ratles,
the king of Kiskieck, and Namontack, who all the iourney the
king had ſent to guide vs, had conducted vs this paſſage, which
cauſed me to ſuſpect ſome miſchiefe: the barge I had ſent to méet
me at the right lanting, when I found my ſelfe firſt deceyued,
and knowing by experience the moſt of their courages to procéede
from others feare, though fewe lyked the paſſage, I intermingled
the Kings ſonne, our conductors, and his chiefe men
amongſt ours, and led forward, leauing halfe at the one ende
to make a guard for the paſſage of the Front. The Indians
ſeeing the weakeneſſe of the Bridge, came with a Canow, and
tooke me in of the middeſt with foure or flue more, bring landed
wee made a guard for the reſt till all were paſſed, two in

[[PB facs tcp:26291:16]]

a ranke we marched to the Emperors houſe. Before his houſe
ſtood fortie or fiftie great Platters of fine bread, being entred the
houſe, with loude tunes they all made ſignes of great ioy. This
proude ſaluags, hauing his fineſt women, and the principall of
his chiefe men aſſemble[?], ſate in rankes as before is expreſſed,
himſelfe as vpon a Throne at the vpper ende of the houſe, with
ſuch a Maieſtie as I cannot expreſſe, nor yet haue often ſeene,
either in Pagan or Chriſtian, with a kinde countenance hee
has [?]ce welcome, and cauſed a place to bee made by himſelfe
to ſit, I preſented him a ſute of red cloath, a white Greyhound,
and a Hatte, as Jewels he eſtéemed them, and with a great
Oration made by thrée of his Nobles, if there be any amongſt
Saluages, kindly accepted them, with a publike confirmation
of a perpetuall league and friendſhip.

 After that, he commaunded the Quéen[?] of Apamatuc, a
comely yong Saluage, to giue [?]water[?] water, a Turkie-cocke, and
breade to eate: being thus feaſted, hee began his diſcourse to
this purpoſe. Your kinde viſitation doth much content mee,
but where is your father whom I much deſire to ſee, is he not
with you. I told him he remained aboord, but the next day he
would come vnto him, with a merrie coūtenance he aſked me for
certaine péeces I which promiſed him, when I went to Paſpahegh,
I told according to my promiſe, that I proffered the man
that went with me foure [?] Coluerings, in that he ſo deſired
a great Gunne, but they re[?]ſed to take them, whereat with
alowde laughter, he deſired to giue him ſome of leſſe burthen,
as for the other I gaue him them, being ſure that none could
carrie them: but where are theſe men you promiſed to come
with you, I told him without, who thervpon gaue order to hau[?]
them brought in, two after two, euer mainteining the guard
without. And as they preſented themſelues euer with thankes,
he would ſainte me, and cauſed each of them to haue foure or fiue
pound of bread giuen them. This done, I aſked him for the
corne and ground he promiſed me He told me I ſhould haue it,
but he expected to haue all theſe men lay their armes at his féet,
as did his ſubiects. I tolde him that was a ceremonie our enemies

[[PB facs tcp:26291:16]]

deſired, but neuer our Friends, as we preſented our
ſelues vnto him, yet that he ſhould [?] doubt of our friendſhip:
the next day my Father would giue him a child of [?]is,
in full aſſurance of our loues, and not only that, but when he
ſhould thinke it conuenient, wée would deliuer vnder his
ſubiection the Country of Manacam and Pocough[?]aonack
his enemies.

 This ſo contented him, as immediatly with attentiue ſilence,
with a lowd oration he proclaimed me Awerowanes
of Powhaton, and that all his ſubiects ſhould so eſtéeme vs,
and no man account vs ſtrangers nor Paſpaheghans, but
Powhatans, and that the Corne, weomen and Country,
ſhould be to vs as to his owne people: this proffered kindnes
for many reaſons we contemned not, but with the beſt
Languages and ſignes of thankes I could expreſſe, I tooke
my leaue.

 The King riſing from his ſeat, conducted me foorth, and
cauſed each of my men to haue as much more bread as hée
could beare: giuing me ſome in a baſket, & as much he ſent
a board for a preſent to my Father: victuals you muſt know
is all there wealth, and the greateſt kindnes they could ſhew
vs: arriuing at the Riuer, the Barge was fallen ſo low with
the ebbe, though I had giuen order and oft ſent to preuent
the ſame, yet the meſſengers deceiued mée, the Skies being
very thicke and rainie, the King vnderſtanding this miſchance,
ſent his Sonne and Mamontacke, to conduct mée
to a great houſe ſufficient to lodge mée, where entring I ſaw
it hung round with bowes and arrowes.

 The Indians vſed all diligence to make vs fires, & giue
vs content: the kings Orators preſently entertained vs
with a kinde oration, with expreſſe charge that not any
ſhould ſteale, or take out bowes or arrowes, or offer any
iniury.

 Preſently after he ſent me a quarter of Venizon to ſlay my
ſtomacke: in the euening hée ſent for mee to come onely

[[PB facs tcp:26291:17]]

with two ſhot with me: the company I g[?]ue order to ſtand
vpon their guard, & to maintaine two ſentries at the ports
all night. To my ſupper he ſet before me meate for twenty
men, & ſeeing I could not eate, hee cauſed it to be giuen to my
men: for this is a generall cuſtome, that what they giue, not
to take againe, but you moſt either eate it, giue it away, or
carry it with you: two or thrée houres we ſpent in our a[?]
 ent
diſcourſes, which done, I was with a fire ſtick lighted to
my lodging.

 The next day the King conducting mée to the Riuer,
ſhewed me his Canawes, and deſcribed vnto me how hée
ſent them ouer the Baye, for tribute Beades: and alſo what
Countries paide him Beads, Copper or [?]. But ſéeing
Captaine Nuport, and Maiſter Scriuener, comming a
ſhore, the King retu[?]ned to his houſe, and I went to meete
him, with a trumpet before him, wée marched to the King:
who after his old manner kindly receiued him, eſpecially a
Boy of thirtéen yeeres old, called Thomas Saluage, whom
he gaue him as his Sanne: he requited this kindnes with
each of vs a great baſket of Beanes, and entertaining him
with the former diſcourſe, we paſſed away that day, and agréed
to bargaine the next day, and ſo returned to our Pinnis:
the next day comming[?] ſhore in like order, the king
hauing kindly entertained vs with a breakfaſt, queſtioned
with vs in this manner.

 Why we came armed in that ſort, ſéeing hée was our
friend, and had neither bowes nor arrowes, what did wée
doubt? I told him it was the cuſtome of our Country, not
doubting of his kindnes any waies, wherewith though hée
ſéemed ſatiſfied, yet Captaine Nuport cauſed all our men to
retire to the water ſide, which was ſome thirtie ſcore from
thence: but to preuent the worſt, Maiſter Scriuener or I
were either the one or other by the Barge, experience had
w[?]ll taught me to beléeue his friendſhip, till conuenient opportunity
ſuff[?]ed him to betrey vs, but quickly this polititian

[[PB facs tcp:26291:17]]

had perceiued my abſence, and [?]unningly ſent for mée;
I ſent for Maiſter Scriuener to ſupply my place, the King
would demaund for him, I would againe relée[?] him, and
they ſought to ſatiſfie our ſuſpition with kind Language, and
not being agréed to trade for corne, hée deſired to ſée all our
Hatchets and Copper together, for which he would giue vs
corne, with that auncient trick[?] the Chick ahamaniens had
oft acquainted me: his offer I refuſed, offering firſt to ſée
what hée would giue for one piece, hée ſéeming to deſpiſe the
nature of a Merchant, did ſcorne to ſell, but we freely ſhould
giue him, and he liberally would requite vs.

 Captaine Nuport would not with leſſe then twelue great
Coppers try his kindnes, which he liberally requited with
as much corne as of Chickah[?]mania, I had for one of leſſe
proportion: our Hatchets hée would alſo haue at his owne
rate, for which kindnes [?]ée much ſéemed to affect Captaine
Nuport, ſome few bunches of blew Beades I had, which he
much deſired, and ſeeing ſo few, he off[?]d me a baſket of two
pecks, and that which I drew to be thrée pecks at the leaſt,
and yet ſéemed contented and deſired more: I agréed with
him the next day for two buſhells, for y• ebbe now conſtrained
vs to returne to our Boate, although he earneſtly veſi
 [?]ed
vs to ſtay dinner which was a prouiding, and being ready
he ſent aboard after vs, which was bread and venizon,
ſufficient for fiftie or ſixtie perſons.

 The next day hee ſent his Sonne in the morning not to
bring a ſhore with vs any pieces, leaſt his weomen and children
ſhould fears. Captaine Nuports good beliefe would
haue ſatiſfied that requeſt, yet twentie or twentie five ſhot
we got a ſhore: the King in portuning mée to leave my
armes aboard, much miſliking my ſword, piſtol and target,
I told him the man that ſlew my Brother with the like
tearmes had perſwaded me, and being vnarmed ſhot at vs,
and ſo betraide vs.

 He oft entreated Captaine Nuport that his men might

[[PB facs tcp:26291:18]]

leane their armes, which ſtill hée commanded to the water
ſide, this day we ſpent in trading for blew Beads, and hauing
neare ſtraighted our Barge.

 Captaine Nuport returned with them that came abord,
hauing me and Maiſter Scriuener a ſhore, to follow in Canowes;
into one I got with ſixe of our men, which béeing
lan[?]hed a ſtones caſt from the ſhore ſtuck faſt in the Oſe:
Maiſter Scriuener ſéeing this example, with ſeuen or eight
more paſſed the dreadfull bridge, thinking to haue found
déeper water on the other cr[?]ke, but they were in forced to
ſtay with ſuch entertainment as a saluage, being forced aſhore
with wind and raine, hauing in his Canow, as commonly
they haue, his houſe and houſhold, inſtantly seeing [?] vp a
houſe of mats which ſuccoured them from the ſtorme. [?]

 The Indians ſeeing [?] peſtred in the Oſe, called to me,
ſixe or ſeuen of the Kings chiefs men threw off their ſkins,
and to the middle in Oſe came to bear me out on their heads,
their import[?]acie cauſed me better to like the Canow then
their curteſ[?]e, excuſing my deniall for feare to fall into the
Oſe, deſiring them to bring me ſome w[?]d, fire, and mats, to
couer me, and I would content them: each preſently gaue
his helpe to ſatiſfie my requeſt, which paines a horſe would
ſcarce haue indured, yet a couple of bells richly contented
them.

 The Emperors ſent his Seaman Mantiuas in the euening
with bread and victuall for me and my men, he no more
ſcrip[?]s then the reſt ſéemed to take a pride in ſhewing
how [?] he regarded that miſerable cold and d[?]rty paſſage,
though a d[?]ggs would ſcarce haue indured it, this kindnes
I found, when I litle expected leſſe then a miſchiefs, but the
black[?] night parting our companies, ere midnight the
[?] ſerued to carry vs aboard: the next day we came aſhore,
the King with a ſolemne diſcourſe cauſing all to depart,
but his principall men, and this was the effect, when as
hée perceiued that we had a deſire to inuade Monacum, againſt

[[PB facs tcp:26291:18]]

whom he was no profeſſed enemy, yet thus farre hée
would aſſiſt vs in this enterpriſe: Firſt hée would ſend his
ſpies, perfectly to vnderſtand their ſtrength and ability [?]o
fight, with which he would acquaint vs himſelfe.

 Captaine Nuport would not be ſéene in it himſelfe, being
great Werowances, they would ſtay at home, but I,
Maiſter Scriuener, and two of his Sonnes, and Opechankanough.
The King of Pamaunke ſhould haue 100. of
his men to goe before as though they were hunting, they
giuing vs notiſe where was the aduantage we ſhould kill
them, the wcomen and young children he wiſhed we ſhould
ſpare, & bring them to him, only 100. or 150. of our men he
held ſufficient for this exploit: our boats ſhould ſtay at the
falls, where we might hew timber, which we might conuey
each man a piece till we were paſt the ſtones, and there
ioyne them, to paſſe our men by water, if any were ſhot, his
men ſhould bring them backe to our boats, this faire tale
had almoſt made Captaine Nuport vndertake, by this
meanes to diſcouer the South ſea, which will not be without
trecherie, if wée ground our intent vpon his conſtancie.

 This day we ſpent in trading, dancing, and much mirth,
the King of Pamaunke ſent his meſſenger, as yet not knowing
Captaine Nuport, to come vnto him: who had long
expected mée, deſiring alſo my Father to viſite him: the
meſſenger ſtayed to conduct vs, but Powhatan vnderſtanding
that we had Hatchets lately come from Paſpahegh,
deſired the next day to trade with vs, and not to go further.

 This new tricke he cunningly pot vpon him, but onely
to haue what hee liſted, and to try whether we would go or
ſtay, Opechanke[?]oughs meſſenger returned that wée
would not come: the next day his Daughter came to entreat
me, ſhewing her Father had hurt his legge, and much ſorrowed
he could not ſee me.

[[PB facs tcp:26291:19]]

Captaine Nuport being not to bée perſwaded to goe in,
that Powhatan had deſired vs to ſtay: ſent her away with
the like anſwer, yet the next day vpon better conſideration
intreatie pre[?]ailed, and wée anchored at Cinquoateck, the
firſt [?]waine aboue the parting of the riuer, where dwelled
two Kings of Pamaunke, Brothers to Powhatan: the one
called Opitchapam, the other Katatough, to theſe I went
a ſhore, who kindly intreated mée and Maiſter Scriuener,
ſending ſome preſents aboard to Captain[?] 
 Nuport, whilſt
we were trucking with theſe Kings.

 Opechankanough his wife, weomen, and children
came to méete me with a naturall kind affection, hée ſéemed
to reioyce to ſée me.

 Captaine Nuport came a ſhore, with many kind diſcourſes
wée paſſed that foren[?]ne: and after di[?]er, Captaine
Nuport went about with the Pinnis to Menapacant
which is twenty miles by water, and not one by land: Opechankanough,
conducted me and Maiſter Scriuener by
land, where hauing built a feaſting houſe a purpoſe to entertaine
vs with a kind Orali[?]n, after their manner and
his beſt prouiſion, kindly welcomed vs, that day he would
not trucks, but did his beſt to delight vs with content: Captaine
Nuport arriued towards euening, whom the King
preſented with ſixe great platters of fiue bread, and Panſa
 [?]owm[?]a,
the next day till none wée traded: the King
feaſted all the company, and the afternoone was ſpent in
playing, dauncing, and delight, by no meanes hée would
haue vs depart till the next day, he had feaſted vs with veni
 [?]on,
for which he had ſent, hauing ſpent his firſt and ſecond
prouiſion in expecting out comming: the next day he performed
his promiſe, giuing more to vs three, then would haue
ſufficed 30. and in that we carried not away what we le[?],
hée ſent it after vs to the Pinnis, with what words or
ſignes of loue he could expreſſe, we departed.

 Captaine. Nuport in the Pinnis, leauing mée in the

[[PB facs tcp:26291:19]]

Barge to digge a rocke, where wée ſuppoſed a Mine at
Cinquaoreck, which done, ere midnight I arriued at Werac[?]m[?]co,
where our Pinnis anchored, b[?]ing 20. miles
from Cinquao[?]ecke, the next day we tooke leaue of Powhatan,
who in regard of his kindnes gaue him an Indian,
he will affected to goe with him for England in ſtéed of his
Sonne, y• cauſe I aſſure me was to know our ſtrength and
Countries condition: y• next day we arriued at Kiskiack, the
people ſo ſcornefully entertained vs, as with what ſignes
of ſcorne and diſcontent we could, we departed and returned
to our Fort with 250. buſhells of Corne, our preſident being
not wholy recouered of his ſicknes, in diſcharging, his
Piece brake and ſplit his hand off, which he is not yet well
recouered.

 At Captaine Nuports arriuall, wée were victualled for
tw[?]lue wéekes, and hauing furniſhed him of what hée
thought good, hée ſet ſaile for England the tenth of Aprill:
Maiſter Scriuener and my ſelfe with our ſhallop, accompanied
him to Captaine Hendrick.

 Powhatan hauing for a farrewell, ſent him fiue or ſixe
mens loadings, with Torkeyes for ſwords, which hée ſent
him in our return to y• 
 [?]ort: we diſcouered the [?] of Nauſamd,
a proud warlike Nation, as well we may teſtified, at
our firſt arriuall at Cheſiapiack: but that iniury Captaine
Nuport well reuenged at his returne, where ſome
of them in[?]i[?]ng him to their [?] by a da[?]nce, hee
perceiuing their intent, with a vally of muſket that, ſlew
one, and ſhot one or two more, as themſelues confeſſe, the
King at our ariuall ſent for me to come vnto him: I ſent him
word what commodities I had to exchange for wheat, and
if he would as had the reſt of his Neighbours, conclude a
Peace, we were contented, at laſt he came downe before the
Boate which rid at anchor ſome fortie yards from y• ſhore,
he ſignified to me to come a ſhore, and ſent a Canow with
foure or fiue of his men, two whereof I deſired to come aboard

[[PB facs tcp:26291:20]]

& to ſtay, & I would ſend two to talke with their King
a ſhore, to this hée agréed: the King wée preſented with a
piece of Copper, which he kindly excepted, and ſent for victualls
to entertaine the meſſengers.

 Maiſter Scriuener and my ſelfe alſo, after that went a
ſhore: the King kindly feaſted vs, requeſting vs to ſtay to
trade till the next day, which hauing done, we returned to
the Fort, this riuer is a muſket ſhot broad, each ſide being
ſhould bayes, a narrow channell but three f[?]dom, his courſe
for eightéene miles, almoſt directly South, and by Weſt,
where beginneth the firſt inhabitants, for a mile it turneth
directly Eaſt, towards the Weſt, a great bay and a white
chaukie Iland, conuenient for a Fort: his next courſe
South, where within a quarter of a mile, the riuer diuideth
in two, the neck a plaine high Corne field, the weſter bought
a high plaine likewiſe, the Northeaſt anſwerable in all reſpects:
in theſe plaines are planted aboundance of houſes
and people, they may containe 1000. Acres of moſt excellent
fertill ground, ſo ſweéete, ſo pleaſant, ſo beautifull, and
ſo ſtrong a proſpect, for an inuincible ſtrong Citty, with ſo
many commodities, that I know as yet I haue not ſeene:
This is within one deies iourney of Chawwonocke, the
riuer falleth into the Kings riuer, within twelue miles of
Cape-hendicke.

 At our Fort, the [?]ooles we had were ſo ordinarily ſtolen
by the Indians, as neceſſity inforced vs to correct their brauing
théeuerie: for he that ſtol[?] to day, durſt came againe
the next day. One amongſt the reſt, hauing ſtolen two
ſwords, I got the Counſels conſent to ſet in the bilboes:
the next day with three more, he came with their woodden
ſwords in the midſt of our men to ſteale, their cuſtome is to
take any thing they can ceaze off, onely the people of Pamaunke,
wee haue not found ſtealing: but what others
can ſteale, their King receiueth.

 I had them depart, but flouriſhing their ſwords, they

[[PB facs tcp:26291:20]]

ſéemed to defend what they could catch but out of our
hands, his pride vrged me to turne him from amongſt vs,
whereat he offred to ſtrike me with his ſword, which I preuented,
ſtriking him firſt: the reſt eff[?]ing to reuenge the
blow, receiued ſuck an incounter, and ſled; the better to
affright them, I purſued them with fiue or ſixe ſhot, and ſo
chaſed them out of the Iland: the beginning of this broyle,
litle expecting by his carriage, we durſt haue reſiſted, hauing
euen till that preſent, not béene contradicted, eſpecially them
of Paſpahegh: theſe Indians within one houre, hauing by
other Saluages, then in the Fort, vnderſtood that I threatned
to be reuenged, came preſently of themſelues, and fell
to working vpon our wears, which were then in hand by other
Saluages, who ſéeing their pride ſo incountred, were ſo
ſo ſubmiſſiue, and willing to doe any thing as might be, and
with trembling feare, deſired to be friends within thrée daies
after: From Nawſamond which is 30. miles from vs, the
King ſent vs a Hatchet, which they had ſtollen from vs at
our being there: the meſſenger as is the cuſtome, alſo wée
well rewarded and contented.

 The twenty of Aprill, being at worke, in hewing downe
Trees, and ſetting Corne, an alarum cauſed vs with all
ſpeede to take our armes, each expecting a new aſſault of the
Saluages: but vnderſtanding it a Boate vnder ſaile, our
doubts were pr[?]ently ſatiſfied, with the happy ſight of
Maiſter Nelſon, his many perrills of extreame ſtormes
and tempeſts. His ſhip well, as his company could teſtifie
his care in ſparing our prouiſion, was well: but the prouidence
thereof, as alſo of our ſtones, Hatchets, and other
fooles, onely ours excepted, which of all the reſt was moſt
neceſſary, which might inforce vs, to think either a ſeditious
traitor to our action, or a moſt vnconſcionable deceiuer of
our treaſures. This happy arriuall of Maiſter Nelſon in
the Phenix, hauing beene then about thrée monethes miſſing,
after Captaine Nuports arriuall, being to all our expectations

[[PB facs tcp:26291:21]]

loſt: albeit, that now at the laſt, hauing béene
long croſſed with tempeſt[?]ous weather, and contrary
winds, his ſo vnexpected comming, did ſo rauiſh vs with exceeding
ioy, that now we thought our ſelues as well filled,
as our harts could wiſh, both with a competent number of
men, as alſo for all other néedfull prouiſions, till a further
ſupply ſhould come vnto vs: whereupon the firſt thing that
was concluded, was, that my ſelfe, and Maiſter Scriuener,
ſhould with 70. men goe with the beſt meanes we could
prouide, to diſcouer beyond the Falls, as in our iudgements
conueniently we might: ſixe or ſeauen daies we ſpent only
in trayning, our men to march, fight, and ſcirwiſh in the
woods, their willing minds to this action, ſo quickned their
vnderſtanding in this exerciſe, as in all iudgements wée
were better able to fight with Powhatans whole force: in
our order of battle amongſt the Trées, (for Thicks there is
few) then the Fort was to rep[?]ſ[?] 400. at the firſt ass[?]ult,
with ſome tenne or twenty ſhot, not knowing what to doe,
nor how to vſe a Piece: our warrant being ſ[?]aled, Maiſter
Nelſon refuſed to [?] vs with the voluntary Marriners,
and himſelfe as be promiſed, vnleſſe we would ſtand bound
to pay the hire for ſhippe, and Marriners, for the time they
ſtayed: and further there was ſome controuerſie, through
the diuerſitie of Contrary opinions, ſome alleadging, that
how profitable, and to what good purpoſe ſoeuer our iourney
ſhould portend, yet our commiſſion, commanding no
certaine deſigne, we ſhould be taxed for the moſt indiſcréete
men in the world, beſides the wrong we ſhould doe to Captaine
Nuport, to whom only all diſcoueries did belong, and
[?] no other: the meanes for guides, beſide the vncertaine
courſes of the riuer, from which we could not erre much,
each night would fortifie vs in two houres, better then that
they firſt called the Fort, their Townes vpon the riuer, each
within one dayes iourney of other, beſides our ordinary
prouiſion, might well be ſupp[?]ſed to adde reliefe: for truck

[[PB facs tcp:26291:21]]

& dealing only, but in loue & peace, as wt the rest; if they aſſalted
vs, their Townes they cannot defend, nor their lnggage
to conuey, that we ſhould not ſhare, but admit the worſt, 16.
daies prouiſion we had of Ch[?]ſe, O[?]tmeale, and b[?]ket beſides
our rand[?]nous, we could and might haue hid in the
ground. With ſixe men, Captaine Martin, would haue vndertaken
it himſelfe, leauing the reſt to defend the Fort, and
plant our Corne: yet no reaſon could be reaſon, to procéed[?]
forward, though we were going aboard to ſet ſaile: Theſe
diſcontents cauſed ſo many doubts to ſome, and diſcouragement
to others, as our iourney ended: yet ſome of vs procured
petitions to ſet vs forward, only with hope o[?] our
owne confuſions, our next courſe was to turne huſbandmen,
to fell Trées and ſet Corne. Fiftie of our men, we imployed
in this ſeruice, the reſt kept the Fort, to doe the command
of the preſident, and Captaine Martin, 30. dayes the
ſhip lay expecting yt triall of certain matters, which for ſome
cauſe I keepe priuate: yt next exploit was an Indian hauing
ſtolen an Are was ſo purſued by Maiſter Scriuener, & them
next him, as he threw it downe, and flying, drew his how
at any that durſt incounter him: within foure or fiue dayes
alter, Maiſter Scr[?]uener and I, being a little from the Fort,
among the Corne, two Indiants, each with a codgell, and
all newly painted with T[?]rraſigillate, came circling about
mée, as though they would haue clubed me like a hare: I
knew their faining loue is towards me, not withort a deadly
hatred, but to preuent the worſt, I calling maiſter Scriuener
retired to the Fort: the Indians ſeeing me ſuſpect them,
with good [?], aſked me for ſome of their men, whom
they would beate, and went with me into our Fort, [?]nding
one that lay ordinarily with vs, only for a ſpie: they offered
to beat him, I in perſwading them to forbeare, they offered
to beginne with me being now foure for two other arrayed
in like manner, came in on the other ſide the Fort: wherevpon
I cauſed to ſhut the Ports, and apprehend them. The

[[PB facs tcp:26291:22]]

preſident and Counſell, being preſently acquainted, remembring
at the firſt aſſault, they came in like manner, and neuer
elſe but againſt ſome villauie, concluded to commit them
to priſon, and expect the euent, eight more we ceazed at that
preſent, an houre after came three or foure other ſtrangers,
extraordinarily fited with arrowes, ſ[?]innes, and ſhooting
glo[?]es, their iealouſie and feare, bewrayed their bad intent,
as alſo their ſuſpitious departure.

 The next day came firſt an Indian, then another as Embaſſa[?]ors
for their men, they deſired to ſpeake with me, our
diſcourſe was, that what Spades, Shouells, ſwords, or
fooles they had ſtaine, to bring home (if not the next day,
they ſhould hang) the next newes was, they had taken two
of our men, ranging in the woods, which miſchiefe no puniſhment
will preuent bat hanging, and theſe they would
ſhould redeeme their owne 16. or 18. thus brauing vs
to our doores, we deſired the preſident, and Captaine Martin,
that afternoone to ſally vpon them, that, they might but
know, what we durſt to doe, and al night mand our Barge,
and burnt their Townes, and ſpoiled, and deſtroyes, what
we could, but they brought our men, and fréely deliuered
them: the preſident releaſed one, the reſt we brought well
guarded, to Morning and Euening prayers Our men all
in armes, their trembling feare, then cauſed them to much
ſorrow, which till then ſcoffed, and ſcorned at what we durſt
doe, the Counſell concluded, that I ſhould terrifle them
with ſome torture, to know if I co[?]ld know their intent the
next day I bound one in hold, to the maint Maſt, and preſenting
fire Muſkets with match in the cockes, forced him
to desire life, to anſwere my demaunds he could not, but
one of his Comouodos was of the counſell of Paſpahegh,
that could ſatiſfie me: I releaſing him out of ſight, I affrighted
the other, firſt with the rack, then with Muſkets, which
ſéeing, he deſired me to ſtay, and hée would confeſſe to this
execution Maiſter Scriuener came, his diſcourſe was to

[[PB facs tcp:26291:22]]

this effect, that Paſpehegh, the Chickahamaniar, Youghtanum,
Pamaunka, Mattapanient, & Kiskiack. Theſe Nations
were altogether a hunting that tooke me, Paſpahegh, &
Chicahamanya, had entended to ſurpriſe vs at worke, to
haue had our tools: Powhatan, & al his would ſ[?]me friends,
till Captaine Nuports returne, that he had againe his men,
which he called Namontack, where with a great feaſt hee
would ſo enamor Captain Nuport & his men, as they ſhould
ceaze on him, and the like traps would be laied for [?].

 This trap for our fooles, we ſuſpected the chiefe occaſion
was foure daies before Powhatan 
 [?] ſent the boy he had
to vs, with many Turkies to Maiſter Scriuener, and mée,
vnderſtanding I would go vp into his Countries to deſtroy
them, and he doubled it the more, in that I ſo oft practiſed
my men, whoſe ſhooting he heard to his owne lodging, that
much feared his wiues, and children; we ſent him word, we
entended no ſuch thing, but only to goe to Powhatan, to
ſéeke ſtones to make Hatchets, except his men ſhoot at vs,
as Paſpahegh had told vs they would, which if they did
ſhoote but one arrowe, we would deſtroy them, and leaſt
this miſchiefe might happen, ſent the boy to acquaint him
thus much, and requeſt him to ſend vs Weanock, one of his
ſubiects for a guide, yt boy he returned backe with his Cheſt,
& apparell, which then we had giuen him, deſiring another
for him, y• cauſe was, he was practiſing with the Chikahamanias,
as the boy ſuſpected ſome vnlanie, by their extraordinary
reſort, & ſecret conference [?]: whence they would ſend
him. The boy we keepe, now we would ſend him many me[?]s;
ſengers, & preſents, the guide we deſired be ſent vs & withall
requeſted vs to returne him, either the boy or ſome order,
but none he could haue, & that day theſe Indians were apprehended,
his ſonne with others yt had loaded at our Fort,
returned & being out of the Fart, rayl[?]d on me, to [?]
our [?] enemies to [?] & to y• 
 [?]
after W[?]anock yt had [?] with [?]
kept to haue [?]

[[PB facs tcp:26291:23]]

returned, and ſecretly after him, Amocis toe Paſpaheyan,
who alwaies they kept amongſt vs for, [?], whom the
better to auoide ſuſpition, preſently after they came to bea[?]e
away: theſe preſumptions induced me to take any occaſion,
not onely to try the honeſty of Amocis, the ſpie but alſo
the meaning o[?] theſe cunning crickes of their Emperour
of Powhatan; whoſe true [?] Captaine Ma[?]n moſt
confidently pleades.

 [?] of M[?]cano[?], which was the counſeller of
Pasp[?]gh: firſt I then Maiſter [?], vpon their
ſeuerall examinations, [?]ound by them all confirmed, that
Paſpahegh, and C[?]kahammania did hate vs, and intended
ſome miſchiefe, and who they were that tooke me, the
names of them that ſtole our tooles, and ſwords, and that
Powhatan receiued them, they all agreed: certaine vo[?]lies of
ſhot we cauſed to be diſcharged, which cauſed each other to
thinke that their fellowes had beene ſlaine.

 Powhatan vnderſtanding we detained certaine Saluages,
ſeat his Daughter, a child al tenne yeares old, which
not only for feature, countenance, & proportion much exceedeth
any of the reſt of his people, but for wit, and ſpirit, the
only Nonpariel of his Country: this hee ſent by his
moſt truſtie meſſenger, called Rawhunt, as much excéeding
in [?] perſon, but of a ſubtill wit, and crafty
vnderſtanding, he with a long circumſtance, told mee, how
well Powhatan, loued and reſpected mée, and in that I
ſhould not doubt any way of his kindneſſe, [?]e had ſent his
child, which he moſt esteemed, to ſee me, a Deere, and bread,
beſides for a preſent: deſiring me that the Boy might come
againe, which he loued exceedingly, his little Daughter hée
had taught this leſſon alſo: not taking notice at all of the
Ind[?]ans that had beene priſoners three daies, till that morning
that ſhe saw their fathers are friends come quietly,
and in good [?]earmes to entreate their libertie.

 Opechaukanough, ſent also vnto vs, that for his ſake, we

[[PB facs tcp:26291:23]]

would releaſe two that were his friends, and for a token
ſent me his ſhooting Gloue, and Bracer, which the day our
men was taken vpon, [?] himſelfe from the reſt a
long time, intreated to ſpeake with me, where in token of
peace, he had preferred me the ſame: now all of them hauing
found their perempſorie conditions, but to increaſe our malice,
which they ſeeing vs begin to threaten to deſtroy them,
as familiarly as before, without ſuſpition, or feare, came amongſt
vs, to begge libertie for their men: In the afternoone
they being gone, we guarded them as before to the Church,
and after prayer, gaue them to Pocahuntas, the Kings
Daughter, in regard of her fathers kindneſſe in ſending
her: after hauing well fed them, as all the time of their impriſonment,
we gaue them their bowes, arrowes, or
what elſe they had, and with much content, ſent them
packing: Pocahuntas, alſo we requited, with ſuch trifles
as contented her, to tel that we had vſed yt 
 Paſpaheyans very
kindly in ſo releaſing them. The next day we had ſuſpition
of ſome other practiſe for an Ambuſcado, but perfectly wée
could not diſcouer it, two daies after a Paſpheyan, came
to ſhew vs a gliſtering Minerall ſtone: and with ſignes demonſtrating
it to be in great aboundance, like vnto Rockes,
with ſome dozen more, I was ſent to ſeeke to digge ſome
quantitie, and the Indean to conduct me: but ſuſpecting
this ſome tricke to delude vs, for to get ſome Copper of vs,
or with ſome ambuſcado to betray vs, ſéeing him falter in his
tale, being two miles on our way, led him aſhore, where
abuſing vs from place to place, and ſo ſeeking either to haue
drawne vs with him into the [?], or to haue giuen vs the
ſ[?]ppe: I ſhewed him Copper, which I promiſed to haue giuen
him, if he had performed his promiſe, but for his ſcoffing
and abuſing vs, I gaue him twentie laſhes with a Rope,
and his bowes and arrowes, bidding him [?] if he durſt,
and ſo let him goe.

 In all this time, our men being all or the moſt part well

[[PB facs tcp:26291:24]]

recouered, and we not willing to trifle away more time then
neceſſitie enforced vs vnto, we thought good for the better
content of the aduenturers, in ſome reaſonable ſort to
[?]raight home Maiſter Nelſon with Cedar wood, about
which, our men going with willing minds, was in very good
time effected, and the ſhip ſent for England; wee now remaining
being in good health, all our men wel cōtended, free
from mutinies, in loue one with another, & as we hope in a
continuall peace with the Indians, where we doubt not but
by Gods gracious aſſiſtance, and the aduenturers willing
minds, and ſpeedie furtherance to ſo honorable an action in
after times, to ſée our Nation to enioy a Country, not onely
excéeding pleaſant for habitation, but alſo very profitable for
comerce in generall, no doubt pleaſing to almightie God,
honourable to our gracio[?]s Soueraigne, and commodious
generally to the whole Kingdome.

 FINIS.

[[PAGE simple:additions]]

