SOURCE HEADER | URL: https://archive.org/download/10465826bsb/10465826bsb_djvu.txt | Edition: William Strachey, The Historie of Travaile into Virginia Britannia, ed. R.H. Major, Hakluyt Society 1st ser. vol. 6, London 1849 (Bayerische Staatsbibliothek scan; cleanest OCR) | Fetched: 2026-09-14 (UTC) by worker B | Raw OCR/plain text, unedited
----

ee 


Get Lis 


119 3 : 


THE 


HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE — ; 


INTO 


VIRGINIA BRITANNIA; 


EXPRESSING THE 


A 
COSMOGRAPHIE AND COMODITIES OF THE samme: 


TOGITHER WITH THE MANNERS AND 
CUSTOMES OF THE PEOPLE. 


GATHERED AND OBSERVED AS WELL BY THOSE WHO WENT 


FIRST THITHER AS COLLECTED BY 


WILLIAM STRACHEY, GENT., 


THE FIRST SECRETARY OF THE COLONY. 


NOW FIRST EDITED FROM THE ORIGINAL MANUSCRIPT, IN THE 


BRITISH MUSEUM, BY 


R. H. MAJOR, ESQ, 


OF THE BRITISH MUSEUM. 


LONDON: 
PRINTED FOR THE HAKLUYT SOCIETY. 


M.DCCC.XLIX 


— 


THE HAKLUYT SOCIETY. 


Council. 


SIR RODERICK IMPEY MURCHISON, G.C.St.S., F.R.S, Corr. Mem. Inst. Fr., 
Hon. Mem. Imp. Acad. Sc. St. Petersburg, &c., &c., PrestpENT. 


Vicz-ApmMrraL Sir CHARLES MALCOLM, Kyr. 
Tue Rey. W. WHEWELL, D.D., Mast. T. C. C. 
Reaz-Apmirat Sir FRANCIS BEAUFORT, Knyr. 
CHARLES T. BEKE, Esgq., Phil. D., F.S.A. 
Caprain C. R. DRINKWATER BETHUNE, R.N., C.B. 
Masor-Generat J. BRIGGS, F RS. E 
WILLIAM DESBOROUGH COOLEY, Ese. 

BOLTON CORNEY, Esea., M.R.S.L, 

Sir HENRY ELLIS, K.H., B.C.L., F.R.S. 

JOHN FORSTER, Ese. 

R. W. GREY, Esa., M.P. 

JOHN HOLMES, Esa. 

JOHN WINTER JONES, Esa. 

P. LEVESQUE, Esa. 

Tue Very Reverend toe DEAN OF ST. PAUL'S. 

R. MONCKTON MILNES, Ese, MP. 

Tae Marquess or NORTHAMPTON. 

Rey. G. C. RENOUARD, M.A. 

THOMAS RUNDALL, Esa. 

ANDREW SMITH, Esa., M.D. 


} Vice-PrksIDENTs. 


R. H. MAJOR, Esq., F.R.G.S., Honorary Secretary. 


sa — 22 


a li is Nelle 


EDITOR’S PREFACE. 


Tue prophetic quotation which the author of this 
work has placed upon his title-page, seems to indicate 
an anticipation on his part, that his manuscript would 
one day be printed; and its interesting date and curious 
details, have given the Editor reason to congratulate 
himself upon the fact, that the Hakluyt Society is the 
“ veneration” prognosticated. 

Two copies of the manuscript, both in the-author’s 
handwriting (for there are a sufficient number of 
instances of it in the British Museum to prove its 
identity), are all that have come under the Editor’s 
notice; one in the Sloane Collection, No. 1622, in the 
British Museum, from which the present publication 
has been transcribed; and the other among the Ash- 
molean Manuscripts, No. 1754. The only difference 
between these two, is an alteration in the title of the 
second book, and the addition to the titles, both of the 
first and second books, of the motto of Alget qui non 
ardet. The Museum copy is dedicated to Sir Francis 
Bacon, “ Lord High Chancellor”; and that in the 
Ashmolean Library to Sir Allen Apsley, ‘“ Purveyor 
to His Majesties Navie Royall.” 


Vill PREFACE, 


That the author was a man of an intelligent and 
observing mind will be evident from a perusal of the 
following pages. That he was a man of considerable 
learning will be likewise evident; although it must be 
acknowledged that he was not without a tincture of 
the pedantry common to the age, which has led him 
occasionally to illustrate his descriptions by the em- 
_ ployment of classical expressions, and those of such an 
unusual character, that the Editor has been compelled, 
in his duty to the reader, to make annotations appa- 
rently but little suited to the general tenour of the 
narrative. This defect, however, it is hoped, will be 
found to be amply compensated by the intrinsic merit 
of the work itself, especially when the date at which it 
was written is taken into consideration. 


R. H. M. 


Boy8.i che 
SraglshlE hak 


MONCHEN 


INTRODUCTION. 


Tne Eprror was extremely desirous of commencing 
this introduction with a short biographical notice of 
William Strachey, the author of the following pages ; 
but notwithstanding that he has used his best ex- 
ertious, he has been unsuccessful in discovering any- 
thing more respecting him, than such few points as 
connect him immediately with the subject of the work 
itself.'! The place and date of his birth, as well as those 
of his death, are unknown. That he was a person of 
importance in Virginia we shall hereafter show. But 
in the absence of sufficient materials to make even the 


. 1 The Editor having communicated with Sir Henry Strachey, 
Bart., of Sutton Court, Somersetshire, as to the possibility of his 
connexion with the Strachey of this MS., was kindly permitted, 
through the obliging medium of Edward Strachey, Esq. of Clifton, 
and William Strachey, Esq. of London, to inspect the family 
pedigree. From this it appeared that there was a William Strachey 
of Saffron Walden, who was married in 1588, and was alive in 
1620, a range of years including the period of our MS.: but 
no mention was made of his having been to Virginia. It is 
remarkable, however, that his grandson of the same name is espe- 
cially referred to as having emigrated to that place. It would 
appear not improbable that the former of them may be identical 
with the Virginian adventurer, and that the latter may have gone 
to America under the influence of his grandfather’s distinguished 
connexion with the colony. Mention is made twice or thrice in 
various of the Harleian MSS. of a William Strachey of Saffron 
Walden about the same period. 
b 


il INTRODUCTION. 


slightest biographical sketch, the Editor has thought 
it better simply to introduce his name at those points 
of the following introductory outline of the progress 
of the colony, where it naturally falls in with the 
thread of the narrative. 

It is presumed that the two following questions will 
most naturally suggest themselves, upon the perusal 
of our title-page. First, what is the period of this 
Historie of Travaile? and secondly, what degree of 
interest does the date of the narrative involve, with 
reference to the history of the country of which it 
treats? 

The period referred to in our title-page, ranges over 
1610, 1611, and 1612; and if we call to mind that 
the first definite settlement of Virginia, or in other 
words, the first permanent colonization of America by 
the British, took place only in 1607, it must be evident 
that this period is one of the highest interest to all 
who read with pleasure what Hakluyt calls “ the 
industrious labors and painefull travels of our coun- 
trymen.” 

The title of the English to the soil of which we 
eventually gained possession, as well as the description 
of the principal previous visitations of our country- 
men to the western coasts of America—both points 
forming suitable introductory matter to a work like 
the present—have been dealt with by the author him- 
self, all quaintly and ‘briefly though it be, in the suc- 
ceeding pages. His ‘premonition to the reader” leaves 
all allusion to the first question unnecessary; and 
the second book (which might more correctly have 
been the first instead of the second), embodies the 
narrative of those earlier voyages, which though un- 


INTRODUCTION. iil 


successful in effecting settlements, paved the way to 
the ultimate colonization of the country. 

Many attempts at this great object had been made 
by the English, under the command of Sir Hugh 
Willoughby and Martin Frobisher, and finally under 
patents granted by Elizabeth in the early part of her 
reign to Sir Humphrey Gilbert and Sir Walter Raleigh, 
but without any permanently favourable result. 

These several voyages, however, though falling short 
of the purpose for which they were originated, were 
not unproductive of interesting narratives (brief, it is 
true, but unitedly too lengthy even for a digested 
repetition here), which may yet, perhaps, be appro- 
priately enumerated for the reader’s advantage for 
reference. 


G. Best. Discourse of the late voyages and of discoveries 
for the finding of a passage to Cathaya by the nord-weast, 
under the conduct of Martin Frobisher, general, with a 
particular card thereunto adjoined of Meta Incognita, 4to. 
London, Bynneman, 1578. 

Reprinted in Hakluyt. 

A prayse and report of Maister Martyne Forboisher voyage 
to Meta Incognita, now spoken of by Thomas Churchyard, 
gentl. Imprinted for Andrew Maunsell in Paules Church- 
yard, at the sign of the Parrot, 8vo. s. J. (circ. 1580.) 

R. Hakluyt. Divers voyages touching the discoverie of 
America and the Islands adjacent unto the same, made first 
of all by our Englishmen, and afterwards by the Frenchmen 
and Bretons, 4to. London, 1582. 

A discourse upon the intended voyage to the hithermoste 
parts of America, written by Captaine Carleill for the better 
inducement to satisfie such merchauntes, as in disburseing 


1 This rare book, the first publication of Hakluyt, is now in 
progress of preparation for the Hakluyt Society, under the edi- 
torial care of J. Winter Jones, Esq. of the British Museum. 


iv INTRODUCTION, 


their money, do demaunde forwith ‘a present returne of 

gaine; albeit their saied particular disbursement are in such 

slender sommes as are not worth the speaking of, 4to. 1583. 
Reprinted in Hakluyt. 

A briefe and true report of the new found land of Virginia, 
&c., discovered by the English Colony there seated by Sir 
Richard Greinville, Knight, in the yeere 1585. . . by Thomas 
Hariot, 4to. London, 1588. 

Hakluyt. The principal navigations, voyages and dis- 
coveries made by the English nation, folio. 1589. 

Reprinted with additions in 1599. 

De Bry. America, sive navigationes in Indiam Occiden- 
talem. Francofurti, 1590. 

A brief and true report of the new found land of Virginia, 
[being the first part of the preceding collection which was 
not continued in English] T. de Bry, 4to. Frankfort, 1590. 

A briefe and true relation of the discovery of the north 
part of Virginia....by Captains Gilbert, Gosnold, &c., 
J. Brereton, 4to. goth. London, 1602. 

A prosperous voyage in the discovery of the north part of 
Virginia, by Capt. G. Waymouth, written by G. Rosier, a 
gentleman employed in the voyage, 4to. goth. London, 1605. 

Nova Britannia offering most excellent fruits by planting 
in Virginia, 4to. 1609. 

Virginia richly valued by the description of the maine land 
of Florida, her next neighbour, &c., written by a Portuguese 
gentleman of the city of Elvas, and translated by R. Hakluyt, 
4to. 1609. 


At the time of the death of Queen Elizabeth, one 
hundred and eleven years subsequent to the great dis- 
covery of the Western World by Columbus, the Spa- 
niards, on whose behalf his discovery had been made, 
were the sole permanent settlers in this wide and wealthy 
continent. In 1606, the French began to make settle- 
ments in Canada and Acadie, now Nova Scotia, but it 
was not till 1607 that the enterprise, which was finally 


— 


Bi 


INTRODUCTION. Vv 


destined to lay the foundation of British occupancy of 
American soil, was undertaken. Twenty-threeyears had 
expired since the patent had been granted to Sir Walter 
Raleigh to discover and take possession, with little less 
than royal privileges, of remote heathen and barbarous 
lands, hitherto not actually possessed by any Christian 
prince; and yet not an acre of American soil had 
hitherto;become the property of the English. 

The attainder of this enterprising and highly gifted 
man would seem to have been, by some inexplicable 
decree of Providence, a signal for the commencement 
of that success which had been denied to nearly thirty 
several voyages, the furnishing of which had cost 
him a fortune and the persevering exertions of the best 
portion of an energetic and influential life. It was 
shortly after this period, viz., A° 1605-6, that Richard 
Hakluyt, the “ presidium et dulce decus” of our society, 
to whom, as Robertson justly remarks, “ England is 
more indebted for its American possessions than to any 
man of that age”, used influential arguments with va- 
rious gentlemen of condition, to induce them to present 
a petition to King James, to grant them patents for the 
settlement of two plantations on the Coast of North 
America. This petition issued in the concession of a 
charter, bearing date the 10th of April, 1606, by 
which the tract of country lying between the thirty- 
fourth and forty-fifth degrees of latitude was to be 
divided into nearly equal portions, between two com- 
panies; that occupying the southern portion to be 
called the first colony (subsequently named the Lon- 
don Company), and that occupying the northern, to 
be called the second colony (subsequently named the 
Plymouth Company). The patent also vested in each 


vi INTRODUCTION. 


colony a right of property over fifty miles of the 
land, extending along the coast each side of the point 
of first occupation, and a hundred miles inland. The 
chief adventurers in the London or South Virginian 
Company, with which as the first settlement we now 
have principally to do, were Sir Thomas Gates, Sir 
George Somers, Richard Hakluyt, and Edward Maria 
Wingfield. The command of the expedition was com- 
mitted to Captain Newport. 

By a strange caprice of the king—who, with a 
pedantry in keeping with his general character and 
little consonant with the wisdom necessary for the 
direction of important enterprises, had undertaken 
the personal dictation of the instructions for the 
colony, and the appointment of the members of the 
council,—these instructions were sent carefully sealed 
up and enclosed in a box not to be opened till 
after the arrival in Virginia. ‘The result of this ab- 
surdity was, that the main body of the adventurers 
knew not to whom they had to look as president, so 
that in the absence of specified authority, the prepon- 
derance of personal talents or energy in any individual 
among their officers, would naturally attract the atten- 
tion and respect of those who felt the need of an able 
and determined leader. Such an one presented him- 
self in Captain John Smith, who had already distin- 
guished himself by feats of surpassing skill and daring 
in the wars of Transylvania and Hungary. 

It was in April 1607, that the expedition approached 
the shores of America, and after encountering a vio- 
lent tempest and being driven out of their reckoning, 
came in sight of the magnificent bay of Chesapeake. 
Upon opening the box containing the instructions 


“~<a eee 


INTRODUCTION. vii 


drawn up by King James, the name of Captain Smith 
was found mentioned in the list of council. The 
members mentioned, were to choose their president for 
one year, who, in conjunction with the council, was to 
govern the colony. By whatever motive actuated, it 
appears that the council endeavoured, under the most 
trifling pretences, to exclude Smith from a seat amongst 
them, and it was only by the judicious and earnest ex- 
hortations of Mr. Hunt, the chaplain, that the royal 
authority was in this respect deferred to, and he was 
admitted into the council. His prudence and courage 
subsequently produced effects which obtained for him, 
as is well known to every reader of American history, 
a patriarchal rank among British colonists in America. 
It is not our business here to enter into a repetition of 
the oft-repeated story of his chivalrous conduct among 
the Indians, of his steady determination and politic 
endurance, when having to contend with the disaffec- 
tion of his own people, nor of the romantic tale of his 
own life and Englishmen’s lives, for his sake, being 
saved once and again by the personal devotion of the 
generous but ill-requited Pocahontas. Suffice it to 
say, that by this expedition, and prominently under 
the management of Captain Smith, the first perma- 
nent settlement of the English in America was effected 
in the construction of a town on the river Powhatan, 
now called James’ River, and which they named James 
Town, in honour of the king. 

Misfortune, however, seemed to haunt the infant 
colony. The storehouse at James Town caught 
fire accidentally, and was consumed.’ Although the 

1 See Stith’s Virginia, 59; and Smith’s Virginia, 52. By this 
fire, Mr. Hunt, the chaplain, lost his library and all that he possessed. 


viii INTRODUCTION. 


colonists were abstemious,' yet an over-amount of 
toil in the extremity of the heat, together with un- 
wholesome food and comfortless lodging, produced 
considerable mortality amongst them; which again was 
increased in the winter of the following year 1608, by 
the remarkable severity of a frost, which has been the 
subject of notice by several writers of the period. In 
the summer of this latter year, Captain Smith, whose 
wisdom and vigour had by this time gained him the pre- 
sidency of the colony, made an exploratory excursion 
amongst the great rivers which fall into the Chesapeake, 
and drew up a map (a fac-simile of which accompanies 
this volume, frequent reference being made to it by 
our author), together with a short description of the 
country and of the natives, which he transmitted to 
the council in England. This was subsequently 
published under the title of “ A map of Virginia, with 
a description of the countrey, &c., written by Captaine 
Smith, whereunto is annexed the proceedings of those 
Colonies since their first departure from England, &c., 
&c., taken faithfully as they were written, out of the 
writings of Doctor Russell, Tho. Studley, &c., &c., 
and the relations of divers other diligent observers 
then present there, and now many of them in England. 
By W. Strachey.” Oxford, 1612, 4to. A consider- 
able portion of this small work has been adopted by 
Strachey, and interwoven into his own narrative in 
the following MS. 

In the interval Captain Newport, who had returned 
to England, arrived with a second supply for the colony 
at Virginia, and brought over with him seventy persons, 
many of whom were men of rank and distinction. It 


1 See Smith, fo. 44, and Purchas, vy. 1706-1707. 


; 
; 
} 
, 


INTRODUCTION. 1x 


is to be deplored, however, that gold, and not the per- 
manent establishment of the colony, appears to have 
been the predominating incentive; inasmuch as, ac- 
cording to Chalmers, the company’s instructions which 
were sent with this expedition, imperatively required 
that the interior should be explored for gold; and 
threatened that, in the event of failure, the colonists 
“should be allowed to remain as banished men in Vir- 
ginia.” Although these hopes of the company were 
not realized, the confirmation which the narratives of 
the more recent adventurers gave to the accounts of 
those who had preceded them, excited an enthusiasm 
that led to the best results at this very critical period. 
Individuals of the highest rank, tempted by the de- 
scriptions of the extent and fertility of the country. 
and induced, through the medium of commendatory 
pamphlets, to believe that an enterprise on a more ex- 
tensive scale would completely nullify the obstacles 


which had hitherto stood in the way, obtained from 


the king a new charter, in which he was prevailed 
upon to relinquish some of those claims of sovereignty, 
which in the former patent had been so uncompro- 
misingly reserved. By this charter, the lands which 
had formerly been conveyed only in trust were now 
granted in absolute property. The principal re- 
strictive clauses comprised the administration of the 
oath of supremacy to all emigrants, the exclusive esta- 
blishment of the Church of England, with an especial 
veto against Roman Catholics.’ 

It is in this second patent, which exists at the present 
day inthestate paper office, that the first mention occurs, 


' See Nova Britannia, by K. J. London, 1609. 
c 


x INTRODUCTION. 


which we have been able to light upon, of the name 
of our author as William Strachey, gentleman. Copies 
of it are preserved in Stith’s Virginia, appendix No. 2; 
in Smith’s Virginia, fol., where the names are alpha- 
betically arranged; and in Hazard’s Historical Collec- 
tion, vol.i. fol. 58-72.1 Thomas, 11th Lord Delawarr, 
was therein appointed governor for life; Sir Thomas 
Gates was appointed lieutenant governor; Sir George 
Somers, admiral; and Christopher Newport, vice ad- 
miral. Seven ships, attended by two small ketches, 
were equipped with five hundred emigrants for the 
colony. Lord Delawarr did not, himself, leave Eng- 
land immediately, but delegated the command, in the 
meantime, to Sir Thomas Gates, Sir George Somers, 
and Captain Newport, and it is interesting to notice, 
in connexion with the subsequent events of the voyage, 
a curious circumstance related by Smith in his Vir- 
ginia, p. 89. 

As each of these officers held a commission which en- 
titled him to recall the commission previously granted 
for the government of the colony, they agreed, in order 
to avoid disputes respecting precedence, to sail in one 
ship. The nine vessels weighed anchor on the 15th 
of May, 1609; but that in which these officers sailed, 
was separated, by a tempest of uncommon violence, 


1 It is worthy of mention that George Sandys, the celebrated 
author of “ A Relation of a Journey begun a.p. 1610,” whose name 
is entered in the list of adventurers in this patent, made his trans- 
lation of Ovid in Virginia, as he himself mentions in his dedication 
of the edition of 1632 to King Charles, where he says, “ It needeth 
more than a simple denization, being a double stranger sprung 
from the stock of the ancient Romans, but bred in the new world, 
whereof it cannot but participate, especially having wars and tu- 
mults to bring it to light, instead of the muses. 


— - 


INTRODUCTION. xi 


from the rest of the squadron, and was wrecked upon 
the Bermudas; but the company, consisting of one 
hundred and fifty persons, was saved by an act of 
Providence, often spoken of as most remarkable. 
Strachey also was in this vessel, and wrote a descrip- 
tion of the storm, which is to be found in Purchas, 
vol, iv. fol.1734.! The remainder of the fleet, meanwhile, 
with the exception of one of the ketches which was 
lost, had reached James Town on the 11th of August; 
and in the absence of the commissioned officers, Smith, 
who had been the practical leader of the principal 
undertakings of the colony, assumed with justice the 
virtual presidency. The new comers, however, con- 
sisted, as he graphically says at p. 90 of his Virginia, 
“of many unruly gallants, packed hither by their 
friends to escape ill destinies.” These shewed little 
inclination to obey a man who held no appointed au- 
thority over them, and of whose qualities and actions 
they had had no experience as entitling him to assume 
a rank unwarranted by written authority. Anarchy 
soon spread through the colony, but the evils which 
ensued before long reduced them to the necessity of 
requesting that protection which the order, consequent 
upon his influence, would procure them. Good effects 
immediately resulted from this improved state of 
affairs; the people built houses, prepared tar and pitch, 
with various other desiderata for success in their sct- 
tlement; dug a well, constructed a block-house, and 


1 This description was supposed by Malone to have been the 
foundation of Shakespeare’s Tempest, and there is, in the British 
Museum, a small octavo volume, privately printed by him, written 
for the express purpose of substantiating his opinion. The idea 
has been however completely controverted by the Rev. Joseph 
Hunter, in a pamphlet also privately printed. London, 1839, 8vo. 


’ 


Xil INTRODUCTION. 


laid out in cultivation some thirty or forty acres of 
ground.’ Smith also made exertions to fix two advan- 
tageous settlements at Nandsamund and at the falls 
of James River. Companies, of one hundred and 
twenty each, were detached for these separate locali- 
ties, but both of them imprudently offended the In- 
dians and lost a great number of their men. It was 
on his return from the latter place, that Captain Smith 
received a severe accident from the explosion of a bag 
of gunpowder, which dreadfully mangled his person, 
and drove him suffering with extreme torture to Eng- 
land; disgusted with the unfair opposition and the 
difficulties which he had met with in a colony that had 
been so greatly indebted to him, and to which he never 
afterwards returned. By his departure the authority, 
which kept the Indians in awe, was removed, and the 
English, now undisciplined, became an easy prey to 
their revenge or jealousy. Captain’ Sickelmore, who 
bore the pseudonym of Ratcliffe, imprudently ventur- 
ing himself with thirty men, for the purposes of trade, 
within the power of the king Powhatan, was killed 
together with his people. These various losses, com- 
bined with the heedless waste of provisions which 
this reckless band had exhibited, reduced the four 
hundred and ninety persons which were left in the 
colony at Captain Smith’s departure, within the space 
of six months, to only sixty. This fearful period was 
called “the starving time.”* 

Meanwhile Sir Thomas Gates and Sir George 
Somers, who had been wrecked on the Bermudas, 


1 See Stith, fo. 97. 2 See Stith, 116; Keith, fo. 120. 
3 See Smith’s Virginia, fo. 105-106; Chalmers, vol. i. fo. 30; 
and Stith, fo. 110. 


INTRODUCTION. xiil 


employed the winter in forming a settlement there and 
constructing' two small vessels, in which they set 
sail on the 10th of May 1610, and arrived at James 
Town on the 23rd of the same month. To their 
intense disappointment, in lieu of a numerous and 
flourishing colony, they found the small remnants 
of the large expedition with which they had started 
from England, in the last stage of wretchedness and 
famine. No hope was left for the rescue of the miser- 
able settlers but an immediate return to England. It 
was at this critical juncture that, on the 6th of June, 
every preparation being made, the whole colony was 
on board and actually descending James River on their 
return voyage, when they met a long boat announcing 
the arrival of Lord Delawarr, with three ships, one 
hundred and fifty men, and a plentiful supply of pro- 
visions, to take the command. This apparently special 
interposition of Providence, thus bringing not only 
life but good hope for the future to men in an almost 
desperate condition, aided by the circumstance, that 
the government was now invested in one, over whose 
deliberations there could be no control, and with whom 
there could consequently be no rivalry, caused them 
all to return with cheerfulness to James Town, and 
resume with steady obedience the resettlement of the 
colony. The account of Lord Delawarr’s arrival is 
given by Strachey, in Purchas, vol. iv. fol. 1754, as well 
as in a letter addressed by his lordship to the patentees 
in England; which the editor has discovered amongst 
the Harleian manuscripts in the British Museum, and 
has added to this introduction by way of appendix. 
This letter would appear for several reasons to have 


1 See Keith, fo. 120; Stith, fo. 115. 


xiv INTRODUCTION. 


been indited by Strachey himself; the first reason is 
that both it and Strachey’s description mention, in the 
enumeration of the appointments made upon Lord 
Delawarr’s arrival, that of William Strachey as secre- 
tary and recorder, an office which would in all proba- 
bility entail on him the dictation of the letter in ques- 
tion: in the second place, the diction of the letter and 
the description in Purchas, contain passages repeated 
almost verbatim; and thirdly, the date and address of 
the letter are supplied in Strachey’s hand-writing, 
which would seem to imply that it was written for him 
by a scribe, and finally completed by him in his offi- 
cial position as secretary. It is signed by his lordship, 
Sir Thomas Gates, Sir George Percie, F. Henman, and 
William Strachey. This letter, dated, “‘ James Town, 
June 7th, 1610”, embodies not only the description of 
his lordship’s outward voyage and his arrival, but the 
events which ensued in the intervening period. 

Under his enlightened and beneficent auspices, the 
colony soon assumed a wholesome and active appear- 
ance. Every man had his own duty to do, and officers 
were appointed to see that duty done; and it was not 
long before the disturbances and confusion which had 
been the natural consequence of disaffection and revolt, 
were succeeded by the happy fruits of peaceful in- 
dustry and order. While discipline, and the worthy 
example together with the rank of the governor, were 
producing this favourable effect upon the colony at 
Virginia, Lord Delawarr had the prudence to dispatch 
Sir George Somers and Captain Argol to the Bermudas 
for supplies of provisions; favourable accounts having 
been brought thence by the officers whom he had sent 
in advance in 1609. The expedition was unfortunate. 


INTRODUCTION. XV 


Argol being separated from his companion, made his 
way for New England and finally returned to Virginia; 
and Sir George Somers, though he reached the Ber- 
mudas, was so exhausted, being now above sixty 
years of age, with the toil of the journey, that he sunk 
under his fatigues and died soon after his arrival. 
Short intervals of relief to the colony seemed thus 
only to be succeeded by depressing misfortunes. The 
excellent Lord Delawarr, whose virtues, rank, and 
talents, had promised the best results for Virginia, was 
seized (as is shown by his own Relation, published, 
London, 1611, 4to.) with a severe ague, followed by a 
flux, which threatened entirely to destroy his health. 
He was, therefore, compelled to relinquish the anxieties 
of his office and return home. He sct sail on the 28th 
of March 1611, leaving Sir George Percy in the com- 
mand of the colony. The departure of Lord Delawarr 
immediately opened the doorto anarchy, and its natural 
consequence, adversity; but Sir Thomas Dale arriving 
soon after, in the month of May, with a fresh supply of 
emigrants, and provisions for a whole year, matters 
again assumed a more prosperous appearance. It is to 
be presumed, that Strachey did not accompany his lord- 
ship to England, although the editor has not been able 
to ascertain the precise date of the secretary’s return. 
That he was in London in 1612 is certain, from his own 
statement in the “ Address to His Majestie’s Councill 
for the colony of Virginia Britannia”, prefixed to his 
“ Laws for Virginia”; published, Oxford, 1612, 4to., 
the dedication of which is signed thus: “ From my 
lodging in the Blacke Friers, at your best pleasures, 
either to returne unto the colony or to pray for the 
successe of it here. W. S.” 


Xvi INTRODUCTION. 


In this year, 1612, a new charter was granted by the 
king, in behalf of the adventurers. Not only were 
all the privileges that had been conceded to them con- 
firmed, but a grant was made to them of all the islands 
lying within three hundred leagues of the coast.' The 
Bermudas, which came within this range, were sold to 
a number of the company’s own members, who gave 
to the group the name of the Somers Islands, in honour 
of their lately deceased deputy governor, Sir George 
Somers.’ Sir Thomas Gates arrived in the colony in 
August 1611, and held the post of governor till 1614. 
It was during this period that the first hostilities took 
place between the English and French colonies in 
America; but the former gained a complete ascend- 
ancy, under the bold and vigorous management of 
Captain Argol. 

Sir Thomas Gates was succeeded in the government 
by Sir Thomas Dale, under whose administration the 
right to landed property in Virginia was first esta- 
blished. In the year 1615, fifty acres of land were 
allotted to each emigrant and his heirs, with a grant 
of a like quantity to every new comer. Early in the 
year 1616, Sir Thomas Dale returned to England, and 
the government was consigned to Sir George Yeardly. 
It was in this year that the English first cultivated 
tobacco in Virginia. Sir George was succeeded, in 
1617, by Captain Argol, the tyranny of whose admi- 


1 For copies of this charter see Hazard’s Hist. Coll. vol. i. 
fo. 72-81, and Appendix No. 3 to Stith’s Virginia. 

2 The name of these islands has been strangely misconceived by 
map makers, through a long series of years. Not only have the 
English almost universally designated them the Summer Islands, 
but this nomenclature has been ludicrously translated by the French 
into the “ Isles d’Eté.” 


z— 
~ 
: 


INTRODUCTION. XVil 


nistration caused great dissatisfaction. The necessities 
of the colony now demanded the attention of a more 
active and influential government, and Lord Delawarr, 
the captain general, was again sent out in the year 1618, 
with two hundred people, in a vessel of two hundred 
and fifty tons burthen. He died, however, on the 
voyage, in or near the bay which bears his name. 
The great Indian king, Powhatan, whose description 
is so fully and interestingly given in the following 
pages, also died this year. 

The second book contains the only detailed account 
which has hitherto been printed of the voyage of 
Captains George Popham and Raleigh Gilbert, and 
the formation of the colony at Saghadehock, which, 
like so many of the attempts at colonizing Virginia, 
proved ultimately abortive. 

Upon the death of Sir John Popham, Chief Justice 
of England, his son and successor, Sir Francis Popham, 
who was sent out, and who now likewise became go- 
vernor of New England, dispatched thither vessels on 
his account to fish and carry on the fur trade. This 
adventure proving profitable, gave considerable im- 
pulse to colonization, and in the year 1614, Captain 
John Smith, who had so greatly distinguished himself 
in the history of Virginia, was sent out at the expense 
of four English merchants to form a settlement. He 
sailed on the 3rd of March, and reached Manhegin 
Island on the 30th of April. He directed his atten- 
tion principally to the fur trade, as a means of pro- 
ducing what had in the previous attempts been too 
little attended to, a profitable return for the expenses 
of the enterprise, and realized by his traffic in this 
commodity nearly fifteen hundred pounds. He also 

d 


Xviii INTRODUCTION. 


laid down, from the observations which he had made, a 
map of the coast from Penobscot to Cape Cod, which 
he presented to Prince Charles, to whom in conse- 
quence the country owes the designation of New 
England, which it has ever since retained. When 
Captain Smith returned to England, he left one of his 
ships behind, with instructions to the master, whose 
name was Thomas Hunt, to sail for Malaga when he 
had laden his vessel with the fish that he might catch 
on the coast. This ‘“ wicked varlet”, as Hubbard 
rightly calls him, kidnapped twenty-four of the na- 
tives, whom he carried to Malaga, and sold as slaves. 
The result of this infamous outrage was that Captain 
Hobson, who arrived shortly after in perfect ignorance 
of the crime that had been committed, was attacked 
by the Indians, who visited his vessel under the pre- 
text of trading, and he and several of his men were 
severely wounded. The resentment kindled by Hunt’s 
atrocious conduct presented a serious impediment to 
the establishment of the contemplated colony, al- 
though Smith, in his New England’s Trials, published 
London, 1622, 4to., while he reprobates the crime, 
endeavours to make light of the disasters which must 
naturally have been its consequence. 

In 1615, Smith was again sent out in command of 
two vessels, one of two hundred, and the other of fifty 
tons, equipped by Sir Ferdinand Gorges, and Dr. 
Sutcliffe, Dean of Exeter, but encountering a storm 
soon after he had put to sea, which broke the masts 
of his largest ship, he was compelled to return to 
Plymouth. Thomas Durmer, the commander of the 
smaller vessel, continued his voyage, and though the 
main intention of the enterprise was frustrated as to 


INTRODUCTION. xix 


effecting a settlement, he was successful in the fishery,! 
and moreover sailed along the coast from New England 
to Virginia, thereby for the first time proving its con- 
tinuity. He was subsequently wounded severely by a 
band of savages, and died soon afterwards in Virginia. 

The indefatigable Captain John Smith meanwhile 
showed no relaxation in his exertions to infuse the 
spirit of colonization amongst his countrymen. He 
circulated seven thousand copies of books and maps 
among those whom he thought most likely to sympa- 
thize with his plans; but he complains in his New 
England's Trials, 2nd edition, 1622, that he might 
as well have attempted to “ cut rocks with oyster 
shells.” The ill-success of his former voyages was 
adduced as an argument against him, and the present 
thriving condition of Virginia was contrasted, to his 
prejudice, with its unprosperous condition while under 
his presidency, no allowance being made for the fact 
that his own excellent management had paved the 
way for this subsequent prosperity. 

Finally it was not till 1620, after so many abor- 
tive efforts had been made both by government and 
powerful bodies to form an establishment in North 
Virginia, that at length it received, under unex- 
pected circumstances, an influx of settlers which soon 
rendered it by far the most prosperous of all the 
colonies in North America. This was the emigration 
of a large band of Puritans, who suffering under the 
intolerance of the English government, on account of 
non-conformity, first passed into Holland, and after- 
wards found an asylum in America. 


1 He freighted a ship of three hundred tons with fish for Spain. 
See Purchas, vol. v. p. 1833, 


xXx INTRODUCTION. 


The Editor has thus far led the reader cursorily 
through the history of the attempts which our coun- 
trymen made at effecting settlements in the two divi- 
sions of Virginia, and has done so because the English 
colonization of America seemed to be the pivot upon 
which the interest of the MS. turned. If he has mis- 
taken his duty in so doing, he hopes that his explana- 
tion will involve his excuse. An additional reason for 
his having given the foregoing consecutive narrative 
in this introduction, has been that Strachey’s MS., 
although unavoidably borrowing so much of its in- 
terest from the date at which it was written, and al- 
though giving many most interesting details about the 
natives, especially the great king Powhatan, that have 
never been hitherto printed, does not continue the 
description of the progress of the two colonies up to 
the period at which we have reason to conclude that 
he finished his narrative. It is at the same time right 
to observe, that Strachey appears to have entertained 
the project of carrying on the work to a much greater 
extent, inasmuch as he designates the first of the 
books now published “the First Book of the First 
Decade”; and the second book, “ the Second Book of 
the First Decade.” 

It is difficult to say precisely in what year the 
narrative was written. That it was subsequent to 
1612, we are informed by Strachey himself, in the 
“ Address to His Majesties Councell for the Colonie 
of Virginia Britannia”, prefixed to his Laws for Vir- 
ginia, printed at Oxford, 1612, where he says,— 
“When I went forth upon this voyage (right worthy 
gentlemen), true it is, I held it a service of dutie 
(during the time of my unprofitable service, and 


INTRODUCTION. Xxl 


purpose of stay in the colonie, for which way else 
might I adde unto the least hight of so heroicke and 
pious a building) to propose unto myself to be (though 
an unable) remembrancer of all accidents, occurrences, 
and undertakings thereunto adventitiall; in most of 
which, since the time our right famous sole governour 
then, now Lieutenant General Sir Thomas Gates, 
Knight, after the unsealing of his commission, hasted 
to our fleete in the west, there staying for him, I have, 
both in the Bermudas, and since, in Virginia, beene a 
sufferer and an eie-witnesse, and the full storie of both 
in due time shall consecrate unto your viewes, as unto 
whome by right it appertaineth. .... 

“‘ Howbeit, since many impediments as yet must 
detaine such my observations in the shadow of dark- 
nesses, untill I shall be able to deliver them perfect 
unto your judgements, I do, in the meantime, present 
a transcript of the Toparchia, or state of those duties 
by which their colonie stands regulated and com- 
maunded,” &c. &c. 

If the MS. copy from which the present publication 
has been printed had been the only one remaining, 
we should have been compelled to have quoted 1618 
as the earliest possible date of the work, since the 
rank of lord high chancellor, which is appended to 
the name of Sir Francis Bacon in the dedication of 
this copy, was not conferred on him until later. 
But as there is a duplicate! copy among the Ashmo- 
lean manuscripts at Oxford, dedicated to Sir Allen 
Apsley, to whose name is appended the title of 


1 The only difference appears to be in the title of the second 
book, and the addition to each of the title-pages of the sentence, 
“ Alget qui non ardet.” 


Xxli INTRODUCTION. 


‘« Purveyor to His Majestie’s Navie Royall”; and as Sir 
Allen Apsley was, according to Mrs. Hutchinson, in 
her celebrated life of Colonel Hutchinson, made Lieu- 
tenant of the Tower fourteen years before his death in 
1630, i.e., 1616, it is presumed that that copy was 
written prior to that period; inasmuch as it is not 
reasonable to suppose, that the latter and more impor- 
tant of the two titles would have been omitted in an 
author’s dedication. At the same time, it is but right 
to observe, that some authors have quoted the year 
1619 as the date of Sir Allen Apsley’s appointment 
to the lieutenantcy of the Tower. 

The glossary at the end of the voyage has included 
the Indian and English names promiscuously in one 
alphabetical series; but the Editor has thought it 
better not to interfere with the original arrangement. 

It only remains for the Editor to express his best 
thanks to Mr. Bennett, of the British Museum, and 
Secretary of the Linnean Society, for his obliging 
assistance in the botanical portions of the work. He 
also feels it to be only a just expression of gratitude 
to his wife, to acknowledge here her kind aid in sup- 
plying the illustrations,—a “labour of love” which it is 
hoped that the reader will criticise with a lenient eye, 
as they are her first efforts at etching, and would for 
that reason not have been made in connexion with a 
work like the present, but from a natural desire to 
share in the Editor’s labours, and an earnest wish to 
add, in however feeble a manner, to the interest of the 
narrative. 


LETTER FROM THE LORD DELAWARR, 
GOVERNOR OF VIRGINIA, 
TO THE PATENTEES IN ENGLAND. 


[MS. Harl. 7009, fol. 58.] 

“Right Honourable and the rest of our very loving 
friends,—We are not ignorant how divers perplext 
and jealous eies mae looke out, and keepe more then 
freindly espiall over this our passive and misconceived 
bewsines, and now (more especially, haply, then at 
any other time), in these our early dayes, and after 
the aspersions of so many slanderous and wandering 
discourses, which have bin scattered by malignant and 
ill-disposed people against it ; for which we have con- 
ceived it essentiall with the birth of the worke itself, 
to give up unto your noble knowledges the truith of 
the state of the same, and of some consequences most 
materiall following it, since it tooke protection and 
fostering from us. 

“You shall please then to know, howthefirst of A prill 
1610, in the good shipp the De-la-warr, admirall, ac- 
companied with the Blissing of Plinmouth, viz-admirall, 
and the Hercules of Ry, reere-admirall, we weyed from 
the Cowes, getting out of the Needles, and with a 
favourable passadge holding consort; the 12th day 
we fell with the Treseras, and recovered that evening 
(within three leagues) the westermost part of St. 
George’s Island, where we lay that night becalmed ; 
but the next morning with the sunn-rise did the wind 
likewise rise, west and west-by-south, a rough and 
lowde gale, at what time the master of the Reere- 
admirall told me of a roade fitt for that winde at 
Gratiosa, whereupon I willed him to go before and I 


XXIV INTRODUCTION. 


would follow, and so we stood for that roade; but it 
was my fortune to lead it in, where we came to an 
ancor at fortie fathom, when it blew so much winde 


presently, that our ancor came home, and we were _ 


forced to sea againe: the same time the Blissing was 


compeld to cutt her cable at haulfe, for in the weying . 


of it the pale of her capstan brake, and dangerously 
hurte 12 of our men: the Hercules was likewise forced 
from the roade, and brake her ancor; yet the next day 
we mett altogether againe. The 15th, we lost sight of 
the Hercules, betweene the Treceras and Gratiosa, 
and we saw her no more untill the 6th of June, at 
what time we made land to the southward of our har- 
bour, the Chesiopiock Bay, where, running in towards 
the shoare, steering away nor-west, before noone we 
made Cape Henry, bearing nor-west and by west ; and 
that night came to an ancor under the Cape, where we 
went ashoare, as well to refresh ourselves as to fish, 
and to sett up a cross upon the pointe (if haply the 
Hercules might arrive there) to signify our coming 
in. Whilst we were a fishing, divers Indians came 
downe from the woods unto us, and with faire intreatye 
on both sides, I gave unto them of such fish as we 
tooke, which was good store, and was not unwelcome 
unto them, for indeed at this time of the yeare they 
live poore, their corne being but newly putt into the 
ground, and their old store spent; oysters and crabbs, 
and such fish as they take in their weares, is their best 
releefe. As we were returning aboard againe, our 
master discried a sayle close by the pointe at Cape 
Henry, whereupon I commaunded him to beare up the 
helme, and we gave it chase, when within an hower or 
a little more, to our no little [joy], made her to be the 
Hercules, our reereadmirall, whome we had now lost 


INTRODUCTION. XXV 


. . weekes and odd dayes; and this night (all praise 
be to God for it) came to an ancor under Pointe Com- 
fort; from whence the captaine of the forte, Co[lonel ] 
_ James Davies, repaired unto us, and soone had un- 
folded a strange . . . tion of a double quallitie, mixed 

- both-with joy and sorrow. He let us to understand 
first (because thereof I first inquired) of the arrivall 
of Sir Thomas Gates and Sir George Sumers, in 2 
pinnisses, with all their company safe from the Ber- 
mudas, the 21 of May (about some fortnight before our 
now coming in), whome, he tould us, were now up our 
river at James Town. I was heartily glad to heare 
the happines of this newes; but it was seasoned with 
a following discourse, compound of so many miseries ~ 
and calamities (and those in such horrid chaunges and 
divers formes), as no story, I believe, ever presented 
the wrath and curse of the eternall offended Maiestie 
in a greater measure. I understood moreover, by 
reason I saw the Virginia to ly then in Roade, before 
the pointe ridg, and prepared to sett sayle out of the 
river, how that Sir Thomas Gates and Sir George 
Sumers were within a tide or two coming downe 
againe, purposing to abandon the countrie, whilest 
they had meanes yet lefte to transport them and the 
whole company to Newfoundland. 

“For most true it is, the straunge and unexpected 
condition and... in which Sir Thomas Gates found 
the colony, gave him to underst[and] never was there 
more neede of all the powers of judgement, and... . 
knowing, and long exercised vertue, then now to be 


“i calling upon him to save such whome 
he‘found so fo........%. as in redeeming himself 
and his againe from falling intothe...... ties. For 


XXVi INTRODUCTION. 


besides that he found the forte unfurnished (and that 
Pe ee and many casualties) of so lardge an accompte 
and number..... as he expected, and knew came 
alonge the last yeare, trained in..... fleete with 
himself; so likewise found he as empty and unfur- 
nisheda.... entering the towne. It appeared raither 
as the ruins of some auntient [for]tification, then that 
any people living might now inhabit it: the pallisadoes 
he found tourne downe, the portes open, the gates 
from the hinges, the church ruined and unfrequented, 
empty howses (whose owners untimely death had taken 
newly from them) rent up and burnt, the living not 
hable, as they pretended, to step into the woodes to 
gather other fire-wood; and, it is true, the Indian as 
fast killing without as the famine and pestilence within. 
Only the blockhouse (somewhat regarded) was the 
safetie of the remainder that lived; which yet could not 
have preserved them now many dayes longer from the 
watching, subtile, and offended Indian, who (it is most 
certaine) knew all this their weaknes, and forbare too 
timely to assault the forte, or hazard themselves in a 
fruitles warr on such whome they were assured in 
short time would of themselves perish, and being pro- 
voked, their desperate condition might draw forth to 
a valiaunt defence ; yet were they so ready and pre- 
pared, that such whome they found of our men stragled 
single beyond the bounds, at any time, of the block- 
house, they would fiercely chardge (for all their peices), 
as they did 2 of our people not many dayes before Sir 
Thomas Gates was come in, and 2 likewise they killed 
after his arrivall 4 or 5 dayes. 

“‘ But that which added most to his sorowe, and not 
a litle startled him, was the impossibilitie which he 


INTRODUCTION. . XXVil 


conceived (and conceived truly) how to amend any 
one whitt of this. His forces were not of habilitie to 
revenge upon the Indian, nor his owne supply (now 
brought from the Bermudas) sufficient to releive his 
people; for he had brought no greater store of provi- 
sion (as not jealous that any such disaster could have 
befalne the colony) then might well serve 150 for a 
sea voyage; and at this time of the yeare, neither by 
force (had his power bin sufficient) nor trade, might 
have amended these wants, by any help from the 
Indian: nor was there any meanes in the forte to take 
fish, for there was neither a sufficient seave to be 
found, nor any other convenient netts; and, to saye 
true, if there had, yet was there not aneye sturgion 
come into the river. 

** All these considered, he then entered into con- 
sultation with Sir George Sumers and Capt. Newporte, 
calling unto the same the gentlemen and counsaile of 
the former government, intreating both the one and 
the other to advise with him, what was to be don: the 
provision which they both had aboard, both Sir George 
Sumers and Capt. Newporte, was examined and deli- 
vered, how it being rackt to the uttermost, extended 
not to above 16 dayes, after 2 cakes a day. The gen-. 
tlemen of the towne (who knew better of the countrie) 
could not give them any hope, or wayes how to recover 
oughts from the Indian. It soone then appeered most 
fitt, by a generall approbation, that to preserve and 
save all from starving, there could be no readier course 
thought on, then to abandon the countrie, and accom- 
modating themselves the best that they might in the 
present pinnasses then in the roade (as, namely, in 
the Discovery, and the Virginia, the 2 brought from, 


XXvVili INTRODUCTION. 


and builded at, the Bermudas, the one called the Deli- 
veraunce, of about 70 tonn, and the other, the Patience, 
of about 30 tonn), with all speed convenient, to make 
for the New-found-land, where, it being then fishing 
time, they might meete with many English shipps, 
into which, happily, they might disperce most of the 
company. 

“ This consultation taking effect the 7th of June, Sir 
Thomas Gates having appointed to every pinnass his 
complement and nomber, and delivered likewise there- 
unto a proportionable rate of provision, caused every 
man to repaire aboard; and bycause he would pre- 
serve the towne (albeit now to be quitted) unburned, 
which some intemperate and malitious people threat- 
ened, his one company he caused likewise to be cast 
ashoare, and was himself the last of them, when, about 
noone, giving a farewell with a peale of small shott, 
he sett sayle, and that night, with the tide, fell down 
to an island in the river, which our people here call 
Hogg Island; and the next morning the tide brought 
them to another island, which they have called Mul- 
berry Island, at what time they discovered my long 
boat. For I, having understood of the resolution by 
the aforesaid pinnas, which was some 4 or 5 days come 
away before, to prepare those at Pointe Comforte, with 
all expedition I caused the same to be man’d, and in 
it, with the newes of our arrivall, dispatched my letters 
by Captaine Edward Brewister to Sir Thomas Gates, 
which, meeting to[gether] before the aforesaid Mul- 
berry Island, the 8th of June aforesaid, upon the re- 
ceite of our letters, Sir Thomas Gates bore up the helm 
againe, and that night (the wind favourable) re-landed 
all his men at the forte; before which, the 10th of 


i 


INTRODUCTION. XxXix 


June being Sonday, I brought my shipp, and in the 
afternoon went ashoare, where after a sermon made by 
Mr. Buck, Sir Thomas Gates his preacher, I caused 
my commission to be read, upon which Sir Thomas 
Thomas Gates delivered up unto me his owne commis- 
sion, both patents, and the counsell seale: and then I 
delivered some few wordes unto the company, laying 
some blames on them for many vanities and their idle- 
nes, earnestly wisshing that I might no more find it 
so, leaste I should be compeld to drawe the sworde 
of justice, to cut of such delinquents, which I had 
much rather drawe in theire defence, to protect from 
enimies; heartening them with the knowledge of what 
store of provisions I had brought for them; and after, 
not finding as yet in the towne a convenient house, I 
repaired aboard againe, where the 12th of June, I did 
constitute and give places of office and chardge to 
divers captaines and gentlemen, and elected unto me 
acounsaile, unto whome I administred an oath of faith, 
assistance, and secresy; their names were these :— 

Sir Thomas Gates, Knight, Lieutenant Gen[eral. ] 

Sir George Sumers, Knight, Admirall. 

Capt. George Percey, Esq. 

Sir Ferdinando Wenman, Knight, M.... 

Capt. Christopher Newport, ...... 

William Strachey, Esq., Secretary [and Recorder? |’ 
As likewise I nominated Capt. John Martin Master of 
the B....-workes for steele and iron; and Capt. 


1 The paper of the original is destroyed where the dots, &c., are 
inserted. The wordes “ and recorder” are supplied from Strachey’s 
description of the same appointments in Purchas. The almost ver- 


‘batim similarity of the two, leads to the inference that this letter 


was indited by Strachey himself. 


XXX INTRODUCTION. 


George Webb, Serjeant ..... of the forte; and Mr. 
Daniell Tucker and Mr. Robert Wild, clarkes of the 
store. 

‘Our first care was to advise with our counsaile for 
the obtaining of such provisions of victualls, for store 
and quallitie, as the countrey afforded for our people. 
It did not appeare unto us that any kind of flesh, 
deere, or what els, of that kind could be recovered 
from the Indians, or to be sought in the countrey by 
us; and our people, together with the Indians (not to 
friend), had the last winter destroyd and kild up all 
our hoggs, insomuch as of five or six hundred (as it 
is supposed), there was not above one sow, that we 
can heare of, left alive; not a henn nor chick in the 
forte (and our horses and mares they had eaten with 
the first); and the provision which we had brought 
concerning any kind of flesh was little or nothing: 
whereupon it pleased Sir George Sumers to propose a 
voyage, which, for the better releife and good of the 
colony, he would performe into the Bermudas (which, 
lying in the height of 32 degrees and 20 minutes, 5 
degrees from our bay, may be some seve[n] skore 
leagues from us, or thereabouts; reckoning to every 
degree that lyes nor-west and westerly, 28 English 
leagues); and from thence he would fetch 6 monthes’ 
provision of flesh and fish, and some live hoggs, of 
which those islands (by their owne reporte, however, 
most daungerous to fall with) are marveilous full 
and well stored; whereupon, well approving and ap- 
plauding a motion relishing of so faire hopes and much 
goodnes, we gave him a commission the 15th of June, 
who, in his owne Bermuda pinnas, the Patience, accom- 
panied with Capt. Samuell Argall, in the Discovery 


ail 


INTRODUCTION. XXX1 


(whome we sware of our counsaile before his departure), 
the 19th of June fell with the tide from before our 
towne, whome we have ever since accompanied with 
our hearty prayers for his happy and safe returne. 

“ And likewise bicause at our first coming we found 
in our owne river no store of fish after many tryalls, 
we dispatched with instructions the 17. of June, 
Robert Tindall, master of the Delawarr, to fish unto 
all along and betweene Cape Henry and Cape Charles 
within the bay, who the last of the same returned 
unto us againe, but mett with so small a quantitie and 
store of fish, as he scarce tooke so much as served the 
company that he caried forth with him. Nor were 
we in the meane while idle at the forte, but every day 
and night we hayled our nett sometimes a dozen times 
one after an other, but it pleased not God so to bless 
our labours, that we should at any time take one 
quarter so much as would give unto our people one 
pound at a meale a peice (by which we might have 
better husbanded and spared our peaz and oatmeale), 
notwithstanding the greate store we now saw dayly in 
our river. 

“Thus much in briefe concerning our voyadge 
hether, our meeting with Sir Thomas Gates heere, and 
our joynt cares and indevours since our arrivall : nor 
shall we be fayling on our parte to do the uttermost 
that we may for the happy structure and raysing 
againe of this too much stooped and dejected imploy- 
ment. It rests that I should now truly deliver unto 
yee (right honourable and the rest of our good freinds) 
somewhat our opinion, or rather better judgement, 
which hath observed many things, and those objected 
cleare to reason, most benificiall concerning this coun- 


XXxil INTRODUCTION. 


trie. And first, we have experience, and our owne 
eyes witnes, how young soever we are to this place, 
that no countrie yealdeth goodlier corne or more ma- 
nifold increase, large feildes we have as prospects 
houerly before us of the same, and those not many 
miles from our quarter (some whereof, true it is, to 
quitt the mischeivous Indian, and irreconsilable for his 
late injuries and murthering of our men, our purpose 
is to be masters of ere long, and to thresh it out on 
the flores of our barnes when the time shall serve), 
Next, in every boske and common hedge, and not farr 
from our pallisado gates, we have thousands of goodly 
vines running along and leaning to every tree, which 
yeald a plentifull grape in their kind ; let me appeale, 
then, to knowledge, if these naturall vines were 
planted, dressed, and ordered by skilfull vinearoones, 
whether we might not make a perfect grape and fruit- 
full vintage in short time? Lastly, we have made 
triall of our owne English seedes, kitchen hearbes, 
and rootes, and find them no sooner putt into the 
ground then to prosper as speedily and after the same 
quallitie as in England. 

* Only let me truly acknowledge they are not an 
hundred or two of deboisht hands, dropt forth by 
yeare after yeare, with penury and leysure, ill pro- 
vided for before they come, and worse governed when 
they are heere, men of such distempered bodies and 
infected mindes, whome no examples dayly before 
their eyes, either of goodnes or punishment, can deterr 
from their habituall impieties, or terrifie from a shame- 
full death, that must be the carpenters and workers in 
this so glorious a building. 

“ But (to delude and mock the bewsines no longer) 


INTRODUCTION. XXXlii 


as a necessary quantity of provision for a yeare at 
least must be carefully sent with men, so likewise must 
there be the same care for men of quallitie, and paines 
taking men of artes and practises, chosen out and 
sent into the bewsines, and such are in dew time now 
promised, sett downe in the scedule at the end of our 
owne approved discource, which we have intituled ‘A 
true and sincere declaration of the purpose and end of 
our Plantation begonn in Virginia,’ &c. 

‘And these two, such men and such provision are 
like enough to make good the ends of the ymployment 
in all the waies both for re[pu]tation, search and dis- 
covery of the countrie, and the hope of the South Sea, 
as also to returne by all shipps sent hither many 
com[mo]dities well knowne to be heere, if meanes be 
to prepare them. W[here]upon give me leave, I be- 
seech yee, further to make inference, th[at] since it 
hath bin well thought on by yee to provide for the 
gove[rnment] by chaunging the authoritie into an 
absolute command (indeed . . . virtuall advancement 
to these like bewsinesses and m . . . company us) of a 
noble and well instructed leifet[enant] ... . of an in- 
dustrious admirall, and other knights and gen[tlemen], 
and officers, each in their severall place of quallitie 
and implo[yment], if the other two, as I have saide, 
be taken into dew accompte . . . valewed as the sinewes 
(as indeed they be) of this action (without w[hich] it 
cannot possible have any faire subsisting, however 
men ha[ve] belyed both it and themselves heeretofore ) 
then let no rumor of the poverty of the countrey (as 
if in the wombe thereof there lay not those ellimentall 
seedes which could produce as many goodly birthes of 
plenty and increase, yea, and of better hopes as of any 


XXXIV INTRODUCTION. 


land under the heavens unto whome the sunn is no 
neerer a neighbour; I say, let no imposture, rumor 
then, nor any fame of some one or a few more 
chaunceable actions interposing by the way or at 
home, wave any mans faire purposes hetherward, or 
wrest them to a declininge and falling of from the 
bewsines. 

“For let them be assured, as of the truith itself, 
these premisses considered, looke what the countrie 
can afforde, which may, by the quantitie of our men, 
be safely and conveniently explored, search[ed,] and 
made practise of, these things shall not be omitted 
for our p[art], nor will be by the lievetenant generall 
to be commaunded; nor our commaunds receaved (as 
in former times) with unwillingnes or falcenes, either 
in our people’s going forth, or in execution, being for 
each one in his place, whither commaunder, overseer, 
er labourer. 

“ For the causes of these idle and restie untowardnes 
being by the authoritie and unitie of our government 
removed, all hands already sett to it; and he that knew 
not the way to goodnes before, but cherisht singularitie 
and faction, now can beate out a path himself of in- 
dustrie and goodnes for others to trade in, such, may 
I well say, is the power of exemplar vertue. Nor would 
I have it conceived that we would exclude altogether 
gentlemen, and such whose breeding never knew what 
a daye’s labour meant, for even to such, this countrie 
I doubt not but will give likewise excellent satisfac- 
tion, especially to the better and stayed spirritts; for 
he amongst us that cannot digg, use the square, nor 
practise the ax and chissle, yet he shall find how to 
imploy the force of knowledge, the exercise of counsell, 


INTRODUCTION. XXXKV 


and the operation and power of his best breeding and 
quallitie. 

“ And thus, right honourable and the rest of our 
very good friends, assuring yee of our resolution to 
tarry God’s mercy towards us, in continuing for our 
parte this plantation, I only will intreate yee to stand 
favourable unto us for a new supply in such matters 
of the two-fold phisicke, which both the soules and 
bodies of oure poor people heere stand much in neede 
of; the specialties belonging to the one, the phisitians 
themselves (whome I hope you will be carefull to send 
unto us) will bring along with them; the particulari- 
ties of the other we have sent herein, inclosed unto us 
by Mr. Doctor Boone,’ whose care and industrie for 
the preservation of our men’s lives (assaulted with 
straunge fluxes and agues), we have just cause to com- 
mend unto your noble favours: nor let it, I beseech 
yee, be passed over as a motion slight and of no mo- 
ment to furnish us with these things, so much impor- 
tuning the strength and health of our people, since we 
have true experience how many men’s lives these phi- 
sicke helpes have preserved since our coming in, God 
so blessing the practise and diligence of our doctor, 
whose store is nowe growne thereby to so lowe an ebb, 
as we have not above 3 weekes phisicall provisions, if 
our men continew still thus visited with the sicknesses 
of the countrie, of the which every season hath his 
particular infirmitie reighning in it, as we have it re- 
lated unto us by the old inhabitants; and since our 
owne arrivall, have cause to feare it to be true, who 
have had 150 at a time much afflicted, and I am per- 


1 J. e. Bohun, mentioned hereafter in the narrative. 


XXXVi INTRODUCTION. 


swaded had lost the greatest part of them, if we had 
not brought these helpes with us. 

*‘ And so concluding your farther troubles, with this 
only remembrance, that we have, with the advise of 
our counsell, conceived it most fitt to detaine yet a 
while, for all good occasions, the good shipp the Dela- 
warr, to which we hope yee wil be no whitt gainsaying : 
we cease with unnecessary relations to provoke yee 
any farther. 


James Towne, July 7th, 1610. 


Tuo. Lawarre. Tuo. Gates. Ferp. Wrenman. 


GEORGE Percy. WitraM Stracaey.! 


1 A fac-simile of these signatures is given on the next page. 


Fiyamusp aeypav ing * 30a os 7 


wouedes 2 spp opB VY 7 WH ! 


THE FIRST BOOKE 


oF 


THE HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE INTO VIRGINIA BRITANNIA, 
EXPRESSING THE COSMOGRAPHIE AND COMODITIES 
OF THE COUNTRY, TOGITHER WITH THE 
MANNERS AND CUSTOMES OF 
THE PEOPLE: 


GATHERED AND OBSERVED AS WELL BY THOSE WHO WENT 


FIRST THITHER, AS COLLECTED BY 


WILLIAM STRACHEY, GENT., 


THREE YEARES THITHER IMPLOYED SECRETARIE OF STATE, AND 
OF COUNSAILE WITH THE RIGHT HONORABLE THE LORD 
LA-WARRE, HIS MAJESTIES LORD GOVERNOR AND 
CAPT. GENERALL OF THE COLONY. 


PSALM CII, VER. 18. 


“This shalbe written for the generation to come: and the people which 
shalbe created shall praise the Lord.” 


To the Right Honourable SIR FRANCIS BACON, 
Knight, Baron of Verulam, Lord High Chancellor of 
England, and of His Majesties most honorable Privy 
Counsell. 


Most worthely honor’d Lord, 


Your Lordship ever approving yourself a most noble fautor 
of the Virginian Plantation, being from the beginning (with 


* other lords and earles) of the principal counsell applyed to 


propogate and guide yt: and my poore self (bound to your 
observaunce, by being one of the Graies-Inne Societe) having 
bene there three yeares thither, imploied in place of secretarie 
so long there present; and setting downe with all my wel- 
meaning abilities a true narration or historie of the countrie : 
to whome shoulde I submitt so aptly, and with so much dutye, 
the most humble present thereof, as to your most worthie and 
best-judging Lordship? who in all vertuous and religious en- 
deavours have ever bene, as a supreame encourager, so an 
inimitable patterne and perfecter: nor shall my plaine and 
rude composition any thought discourage my attempt, since 
howsoever I should feare to appeare therein before so matchles 
a maister in that facultie (if any opinionate worth of mine 
owne worke presented me) yet as the great Composer of all 
things made all good with his owne goodnes, and in our only 
will to his imitation takes us into his act, so be his goodnes 
your good Lordship’s in this acceptation: for which with all my 
poore service I shall abide ever 


Your best Lordship’s most humbly, 


WILLIAM STRACHEY. 


AECCLESILA ET REIPUB, 


Wild as they are, accept them, so we’re wee: 
To make them civill, will our honnour bee : 
And if good worcks be the effects of myndes, 
Which like good angells be, let our designes, 
As wee ar Angli, make us Angells too : 

No better worck can state- or church-man do. 


W. Sr. 


A 


PRAOMONITION TO THE READER. 


Wherein (as the fowndation to all the succeeding busines) is 
derived downe to our tymes, the auntyent right and clayme 
which we make to this part of America, and therein both the 
objections answered and doubts cleirly satisfied of such who, 
through mallice, or ignorance, either have or hereafter may 
call the lawfulnes of the proceeding hereof in question. 


Tue many mouthes of ignorance and slaunder which are ever too 
apt to lett fall the venome of theire worst and most depraved 
envies uppon the best and most sacred workes, and soe not afrayd 
to blast both this enterprize and the devoutest labowrers therein, 
wringes from me the necessity of this imperfect defence, whome yet 
I have observed more in clamour (me thought) then at any tyme 
in force, to cry out still upon yt, calling yt an unnationall and 
unlawfull undertaking ; when lett [it] be but observed (I pray), and 
soone will appeare theire mallice and petulancy to speake, as also, 
what a distance there is truly sett betweene the busines and their 
knowledge ; for, in a cliere judgment, if any such attaint lay uppon 
the act, neither the generall peace of the tyme might not suffer yt 
to goe forth with such libertie, nor the honor of such who have sett 
yt forward, ymportune yt of his Majestie, nor would the consciences 
(yt is knowen right well) of the chief commanders for the execu- 
tion and actuall part thereof (let custome have taken away, how- 
ever, that quicknes from the chargers owne insensible and seared 
heart) hazard the last and setting howers of their daies in tray- 
terous or ignoble prosecutions ; yet being the pious and only end 
both intended by his Majestie, by the honorable Counsaile for the 
busines, by the Lord Generall, Lieutenant Generall, Marshall, and 
B 


2 PRAMONITION TO THE READER. 


such like emynent officers (called forth for the dignity of so great 
a cause), together with the generall adventurers, with all carefulnes, 
principally to endeavour the conversion of the natives to the know- 
ledge and worship of the true God, and the world’s Redeemer, 
Christ Jesus; how rotten and unsound, then, both to his Majestie 
and the present faith (it is to be feared) may they be at the coare 
within, that dare (except yt be as I sayd, out of ignorance, yet 
cannot that excuse a factious and pragmatique tongue) quarrel 
and traduce the proceedings of a whole state, and to which the 
royall authoritie, by letters made patents, both in her Majestie’s 
tyme, of famous memory, and nowe likewise hath ben five tymes 
concurrant ? May yt be supposed any one but luke-warme in 
Christian charity would he parcell guilty herein, or make yt ques- 
tionable whether should be attempted a worke of this piety uppon 
a barbarous nation? Let the busy knowledge (to say no more) of 
such a one be shrewdly suspected, and blemished. May any lover 
of his country? No. Yet is [it] to be feared that he borroweth but 
a counterfeyt face from Janus, to turne to the penall edict, or to 
his prince (if such be his grace): but, however, let them both 
knowe the grounds of goodnes are not layd so weake, in well 
weyed counsailes, that the clamour of a centurion or two can dis- 
turb Numa Pompilius' kneelinge at the aulter. Let them give yt 
up in rumor, or more subtilly cry out, that our enemies at Sevill, 
or Lishborne, at Dominica, Mevis,? or at the Havana, are up in 
armes for us, we can yet goe on in the justifiableness of our course, 
makinge only Pompilius’ answere;— And we doe sacrifice”. 
Will it yet please the reader to favour me a little ? 

Two sorts especially, I must conceave, of untoward (to stile 
them noe worse) and ill disposéd'in theire wisdomes, stand much 
offended with this busines, and have devysed against yt many 
slaunders and calumneys, the meere ignorant (not only in scientia 
scientie, as the scholman saies, but includinge grossenes and sim- 


1 Plutarch relates that Numa founded his hopes so strongly upon God, 
that on one occasion, during the offering of a sacrifice, when he received 
an announcement that his enemies were approaching, he smiled, and 
made answer, “*‘Eya 2 @dp,”—“ And I am sacrificing”. 

2. “ Nevis”, an island in the West Indies, discovered by Columbus. 


, 
7 
: 


PRAMONITION TO THE READER. 3 


plicytie in any knowledge) and the meere opposite in scientia 
conscientie, in religion ; I would to God the latter were not more 
dangerous, by how much 

Celeberrima per loca vadet ; 
and can speake amisse, out of the corrupt seedes of goodnes, and 
perhaps soe speaking be hearde. 

And these both saye, how the undertaking cannot be lawfull. 
Why? Because the King of Spayne hath a primer interest into 
the countrey. Next, it cannot be honest in yt self. Why? 
Because injurious to the naturalls ; and which connected together, 
yt must then necessarily followe (saye they) that yt can be no 
other than a travaile of flat impiety, and displeasinge before God. 
Indeed, no meane objections to stumble shallowe home witts, who, 
whilst they looke lazely and broadly on yt, are presented with an 
ugly face; but if, by a more perspective direction, we will 
examine how these perticularities may lie together, we shall find 
another modell, and an aire of that dignity and truith which 
aspiers to a cleane contrary comelines. 

For the King of Spaine: he hath no more title nor collour of 
title to this place, which we by our industry and expenses have 
only made ours (as for the Pope’s donative of all America unto 
him, that is sufficyently answeared ellswere, in a discourse alred- 
dye published by a most worthy undertaker),' then hath any Chris- 
tyan prince (or then we, or any other prince, maye have to his 
Mexico and Peru, or any dominions ells of any free state and 
kingdome) how nere soever the West Indies and Florida may 
joyne thereunto, and lye under the same portion of heaven ; with 
as great bravery maie we laye clayme to all the islands which the 
Seignorie of Venice nowe holdes in the Levant seas, because 
Ciprus was once ours, by the conquest of Richard Cour de Lion, 
and confines with theires, then which what more infirme and 

1 Allusion may possibly here be made to Hieronymus Benzo, who, in 
his “ Nove Novi Orbis Historie”, touching the will of Pope Alexander 
VI, says, “ Quo jure haec dare potuit Papa, in que nullum jus nunquam 
habuit? Nisi forté quia Christus cceli ac terre heres est, cujus bonus 
iste Pater vicarius est, scilicet.” Or more probably, judging from the use 
of the word “undertaker”, Hakluyt may be referred to, who treats on the 
subject in his “ Divers Voyages”, published 1582. 

B2 


Within the 
Chesopoke 
Bay six 


their cartes 
call Sante 
Maria. 


Vide Hack- 
luite’s dis- 
coveries, 


lib. 1. 


4 PREMONITION TO THE READER. 


ridiculous pretence could be framed? and yet is the Kinge of 
Spaine’s argument to our interest in Virginia just in this moode 
and figure. 

Noe Prince may laye claime to any more amongst these newe 
discoveries (and soe it was heretofore, a just distinction being 
therefore kept betweene the Kinge of Castile and Portugall) then 
what his people have discovered, tooke actuall possession of, and 
passed over to his right ; and noe otherwise from Columbus doth 
the Kinge of Spaine hold his strength and dominions to this daye 
in his golden Indies ; and noe otherwise from Soto,' his Adelantado, 
concerninge our neighbour Florida : and soe we allow him (with- 
out any one inch of intrusion) both his longitude and latitude in 
this new world, we keeping from Cape Florida norward, to Cape 
Briton. The landes, countries, and territories of this parte of 
America which we call ours, and by the name of Virginia, or 
Nova Britannia, being carefully laid out (of purpose) to avoid 
offence unto certaine boundes, and regions, begynning from the 
point of land called Cape Comfort, and so holding all along the 
sea-coast to the norward two hundred myles ; and from the point 
of the said Cape Comfort all along the sea-coast to the so-ward 
three hundred miles; and so only all that space and circuit of 
land lying from the sea-coasts of these precincts, not coming neere 
any land in his actuall possession, but rather diverting from yt 
many a league ; and yet holdes he neither any chargeable forces 
(to dispute his right) uppon the mayne, nor keeepes colonies 
(except in Florida, at St. Augustine only), nor reckons of the 
same, but that is at his best pleasure. 

But what nowe concerning this point, for the more cliering of 
yt to such who stumble thereat : if we should say that our right 
to the West Indies themselves (since they will needes awaken us 
with pretence of title) is as firme, proper, and far more auncyent 
then the Spaniards ; and before the royall spirited lady Isabella, 
Princesse of Castile, layd her jewells to pawne, to Luis of St. 
Angelo, the King her husband’s secretary, to forward the designe, 
and to prevent our King Henry VII (who was both offred, and 


1 Fernando de Soto, who followed the fortunes of Pizarro, and was a 
main instrument in annexing Florida to the crown of Spain. 


PRAMONITION TO THE READER. 5 


accepted Columbus’s offer, and entred into capitulations with his 
brother Bartholomew about them, anno 1489), sure we should not 
want some pregnant likelyhoodes, and those not only by our sim- 
ple discoveries, but by our planting and inhabiting them with the 
people of our owne nation four hundred years before Columbus 
had notice of them by the Biscan pilot,’ who, when he dwelt in the 
islands of Madera, arrived with a weather beaten caravelle, and 
dying in his house, bequeathed (as they say) to Columbus his 
card of the discription of such newe landes as he had found. True 
yt is, the first shippes that Columbus carryed thither were but in 
anno 1492, which is now since one hundred and twenty yeares ; 
when lett any man be but pleased to looke into the learned and 
industrious antiquities of Mr. Camden (the carefulnes and truth 
of whose searches he that will undervalew, or sclaunder, shalbe 
much out of love with the labours of all good men and powers of 
vertue), and he remembers us of Madoc, the sonne of Owen 
Gwineth, Prince of Nor-Wales, in the yeare 1170 (which may be 
four hundred and thirty-nine years since), who, leaving the land 
in contention betweene his two brethren, Howell and David, pre- 
pared certayne shipps with men and munition, and after many 
unknowne landes and straunge discoveries made (sayling within 
the Atlantick sea, a sowardly course, yet still into the west), at 
last setteled in the West Indies, as his owne relation suffers con- 
struction, which he made in his returne for newe supplies, the 
second and third tyme, which he transported, and after that was 
heard no more of ; and late observations taken in these tymes 

1 Many authors have attempted to mar the fame of Columbus, by 
asserting, in circumstantial and positive language, that he derived his 
notion of the existence of lands in the west, from the papers of a Biscayan 
pilot, named Alonzo Sanchez de Huelva, who died in his house. Accord- 
ing to Garcilasso de la Vega, this pilot, in 1484 or thereabouts, landed on 
Hispaniola, and wrote an account of his voyage. These accounts, as well 
as, in all probability, that here hinted at by Strachey, are doubtless based 
upon the fallacious statement of Gomara, who abounds in such unfounded 
stories. There is, however, a better reason than the paucity of credit 
due to Gomara for refusing credence to this injurious aspersion, inasmuch 
as it is certain that in 1474, ten years previous to the date thus assigned 


to the voyage of the Biscayan pilot, Columbus communicated to Paolo 
Toscanelli, of Florence, his notions of a westward voyage of discovery. 


6 PRAMONITION TO THE READER. 


may confirme the probability hereof, as first in Acuzamill (so in 
writing Francis Lopez de Gomera?) the natives when they were 
first found, had their crosses in their chapples, and in dedicated 
groves, in gardens, by woodes, springes, and fowntaines, which 
they did honour and fall downe before, thereto saying their usuall 
prayers, which must mak illustration that Christians had ben there 
before the coming of the Spaniard : and no ecclesiastical history 
comendes unto us (since Solomon's voyage to Ophir ceased), nor 
any recordes of other antiquities (since the fabulous drowning by 
Deucalion’s flood, or burning by Pheeton, or since the sincking of 
the Atlantick islands), more auncyent, or before the voyage of 
Madoc. Lastly, the language of the Indians admitting much and 
many wordes, both of places, and names of many creatures, which 
have the accents and Welch significations, and are yet retayned, 
Or Mesti- both by the Indian, Crollos (Spaniards borne there), and Mulatoes. 
But this is materiall and punctuall to our hypothesis. King 
John Cabot Henry VII gave his letters pattents, No. 1495, unto John Cabot, 
from Flo- a Wenetian (indenized his subject, and dwelling within the Black- 
a, _friers), and to his three sonnes, who discovered for the King the 
by King north parts of America, to Meta Incognita,‘ and annexed to the 
enry VIL. Crowne of England all that great tract of lande stretching from 
the Cape of Florida unto those parts, mayne and islands, which we 
eall the New-found-land, some of which were not before knowen 
to Columbus, nor afterwards to Nicuesa,® Colmenaris,’ nor Vasquez 
Nunnez,’ nor any of the Castilions ; the draught of which voyage 
1 The island of Cozumel, near the east coast of Yucatan, discovered by 
Grixalva in 1518. 
2 See Gomera’s “ Conquista de Mexico”, Art. La Religion de Acugamil, 
fo, 24, Antwerp edition, 1554. Small Svo. 
8 This word also implies “Spaniards born in the country.” ; 
4 An indefinite name subsequently given to the north part of America 
by Queen Elizabeth upon the return of Frobisher from his second voyage, 
“as a marke and bound hitherto utterly unknowen”. See “The third 
Voyage of Captain Frobisher, pretended for the Discoverie of Cataia by 
Meta Incognita, a.p. 1578.”—Hakluyt, vol. iii, f°. 74. 
5 Diego de Nicuessa, one of the early Spanish adventurers ; founder of 
Nombre de Dios. 
6 Rodrigo Enriquez de Colmenares, a companion of Vasquez Nuiiez de 
Balboa. See Herrera, Dec. 1, lib. ix, cap. 6. 
T Vasquez Nujiez de Balboa, the first European who crossed the main- 


PRAEMONITION TO THE READER. 7 


is yet to be seene in his Majestie’s prize gallery in his pallace at 
Westminster :' but the tumults (say they who wrought of those 
tymes) then, and preparations for warrs in Scotland, tooke away 
the seconding of that enterprize, yet no whit tooke awaye (I hope) 
our title, more than the King of Spayne may loose his to those 
parts covered with the same heavens, which he neither fortefyes 
nor planteth to this day. 

Soe as we may conclude, then, at least, that as Christopher 
Columbus discovered the islands and continent of the West Indies 
for Spayne, John and Sebastian Cabot made discoveries no lesse of 
the rest from Florida, norward, to the behouf of England, being 
supported by the regall authority, and sett forth at the charge and 
expence of King Henry VII; and we hope that they will leave 
unto us the same way and proprietary, both to goe unto our owne 
and hold yt by, as we give them ; and if they will do so (and all 
lawes of nations will assist us herein), how unjust and parciall shall 
that subject be, and how ill a servant in the court of his owne 
prince, that will dare to give from him and his country the right 
and honor of both, gayned with the expence of the publique purse, 
and with the travells and lives of the industrious subject ; as well 
may such a traytor lay the crowne of his monarch uppon the 
Spaniard’s head, as appropriate unto him his titles, his territories, 
and possessions, since so undistinguishable, and such relatives are 
the prince and his principalities, as he is sayd no longer to be a 
kinge that is deprived and is every way denied the title of his 
kingdomes ; and if this argument be in force (he will say) only 
where countryes lye neere and approximate each to other, let me, 
then, ask this question: what kingdoms (I pray you) and pro- 
vinces lye more disjoyned and scattered (as some famelies that 
agree best when they are furthest each from other) then the 
King of Spaynes? in so much as it is only that which holdes him 
to this day from not being reckoned amongst the five great 


land of America, and thence obtained a view of the Pacific Ocean,—this 
took place in the year 1513. 

1 This copy of Cabot’s map is supposed to have perished in the fire 
which destroyed that gallery in the reign of William III. See Entick’s 
“ General History of the late War.” 


8 PRAEMONITION TO THE READER, 


monarchs of the world. Let no man therefore be traduced by the 
accounts which falce hearted subjects (more jelous of a forreign 
prince’s pride, then zealous for his Majestie’s royalties, and joyous 
in the felicity of his government) have heretofore made audit to 
him of, here being raised to the view, though a short, yet a cliere 
prospect of our right. 

Her Majestie, of famous memory, so well understood her princely 
right herein (derived downe from her heroik grandfather to her 
self), as she graunted many large pattents and gratious commissions, 
to divers gentlemen of birth and quality, to inhabite those parts, 
and to keepe her title quick and panting still therein: as first, to 
Sir Humfrey Gilbert (whome the light first forsooke,’ before he 
would forsake his hopes and journeis thither); and afterward, to 
the some time much honored Sir W. R[alegh], knight, to whome, 
and to his heires, in the 26 yeare of her raigne,? she confirmed, at 
Westminster, a large graunt, from 33 to 40 degrees of latitude, 
exemplified with many ymmunityes and priviledges; who there- 

Capt. Ama. Uppon sent, first, thither Captaine Amadas and Captaine Barlow 
Sa Ses (1584), which Amadas, in memory of himself, intituled a bay at 
verttoan- Roanoak, to this day called Bay Amadas; and, after them, he sent 


1584, at the a fleete of 7 sailes, anno 1585, comanded by Sir R. Greenvill, who, 
expence of 


ae at Wococon, likewise more to the so-ward from Roanoak, gave 

Knight name toa port which yet retaines the name of Port Greenville ; 

who left a colony of 100 in the said island of Roanoak, which 

remayned there one whole yeare under the charge of Sir Ralph 

Videlib. Lane, generall of the same, and which were afterward brought from 

thence (by the neclect of due supplies growing into some wants) 

by Sir Francis Drake, in his returne homewardes from the sacking 

of St. Domingo, Carthagena, and St. Augustine. Yet, after this, 

did Sir W. R. contynewe a third and fourth voyage, which had 

their misfortunes ; and anno 1587, sent a second colony of 150, 

under the command of Captaine White and 12 assistents, unto 

whome he gave a charter, and encorporated them by the name of 

Governour and Assistants of the Citty Raleigh, in Virginia ; all of 

1 He was drowned at midnight of the 9th of September, 1583, having 

rashly ventured, with his frigate too heavily laden, to make his home- 

ward voyage from an enterprize in which he had taken possession of 
Newfoundland. 2 Ao, 1584, 


PREMONITION TO THE READER. 9 


which likewise miscarried by the wretchedness of unskilful instru- 
ments (abusing therein Sir W. R.), who, falling upon other prac- 
tizes, and which those tymes afforded, after the said White had 
been in England the second time, and was refurnished out with all 
things needefull for the colony, indeavoured nothing lesse then the 
relief of the poore planters, who afterward, as you shall read in 
this following discourse, came therefore to a miserable and un- 
tymely destiny. 

And this fatall period had Sir W. R. his good purposes, and 
great charges, all which I have the more largely extracted, that yt 
may the more expressively appeare howe this is no newe enterprize, 
nor taken in hand now by a generallity (which, true yt is, before 
Sir W. R. his attaynder, without his leave we might not make 
intrusion uppon, the title being only in him), to offer cause of 
quarrell or offence to a peacefull confederate, or Christian neigh- 
bour prince : a purpose soe far from the undertakers, councell, or 
body politique, to whome the charter is graunted by his Majestie, 
as they shall wrest with too much streyned applicacions, the endea~ 
vours of such honourable and religious personages who would raise 
their country, and the fame of their soveraigne, equall with others 
who have enlarged their powers and their titles by the like meanes ; 
and to avowe unto the world, that if the Spanyard shall attempt us 
at any tyme with ill measure, offring either to make surreption of 
our ships by the way thither, or to breake into our plantations with 
acts of hostility (as most despightfully did Pedro Melendes, their 
admirall, into the French colony, 44 yeares since, in Nova Francia ; 
who raysed their fort, and hung up the common soldiers (Lauden- 
nier, the generall, being straungely escaped), and wrought over 
them disdainfull inscriptions, in Spanish, importing, “ I doe not this 
as unto Frenchmen, but as unto Lutherans”, which Spanish cruelty 
was yet, in the winding up, as bloudely revenged agayne, by 
Dominique de Gourgues, of Burdeux, who, not long after, arrived 
there, trussed up the selfsame Spaniards upon the boughes of the 
same trees whereon they hung the French, with these wordes: I 
doe not this as unto Spaniards, but as unto tyrants and murtherers) 
nowe we are sett downe here, how unjustly they shall proceede 
heerin, and how much they shall lay themselves, and their faithes, 

c 


The second 
objection 
‘aunswered. 


10 PRAMONITION TO THE READER. 


open to the construction of all nations, and haply to our revenge, 
which cannot strike weakly, which strikes with the sword of jus- 
tice in’ all quarrels, the good success of the same ever depending 
upon the innocency of the cause. 

Secondly, where they say yt is unhonest in yt self, because inju- 
rious to the naturalls, yt being the fulfilling of the perpetuall rule 
of justice, swum cuigue tribuere—how unfitt soever that suum 
be for the possessor ; indeede, yt carryes some shewe of the right, 
and we culpable whilst we doe labour in the contrary, as Zenophon 
said, instructing the young Cyrus, when the prince, being walked 
forth one day into the fields, and had spied two boyes comyng 
towards him: a great boy, covered with a short and skant coat; 
and a little boy, clad in a large train’d, wyde, and long gowne ; 
Cyrus stript them both, and shifted them, by the exchange soe 
making a better proportion (as he thought) of fitnes for eyther ; 
but, I say, his learned tutor told him, how he had not done well 
herein, since every one was to be maister of his owne, however yt 
might appeare a matter of much inequality, and the owner unworthy 
of so large a measure of fortune. 

That mynd is to be loved well, that will not leave doubting un- 
till it hath found out the truth; but it must then be veritatem 
querere, non insidias st[r ]uere; indeed, this were a suflicyent argu- 
ment in such a commonwealth which, governed with the well ordered 
powers of philosophy and all naturall knowledges, wanted not 
neither the supernall light, but the groundes of both these (who 
knowes not) doe we goe to lay amongst a simple and barbarous 
people ; yet had they of themselves the first, that is, the practice 
of all morrall pollicyes and offices of vertue, as perfect, perimptory, 
and exact, as the unbeleeving Grecians and infidelious Romans 
had ; yet, since we (as true Christians) knowe that the world never 
was, nor must be, only and alone governed by morality, and our 
charity suffers for them untill we have derived unto them the true 
knowledge indeed, which is the worshipp of the true God and their 
and our blessed Redeemer, Christ Jesus, this can be no absolute 
instance of the right to tye us (appeare it never so upright and full 
of humanity) ; for sometymes, and to the bettering of mankind, the 
divine politique law ytself, we see, doth put on change, and byndeth 


PREMONITION TO THE READER. ll 


not semper et in omne, as in the cases of theft and adultery, etc. 
Let me aske this question: Doe we not goe in a busines that must 
result greater effects, and strive within us, beyond the powers and 
prescriptions of morality? No man must denye it, that will not 
hoodwinck his knowledge from the end and ayme, at least, to which 
we lett goe all our travailes; yet shall we no whit advaunce our 
early and first prosecutions against those morall duties neither, but 
like the best prescribers of those rules themselves (in the learned 
and last monarchies), and with the lovers of them nowe, we will 
manly proceed, and exactly observe the same, even in this worke, 
so as the best Christian shall not be agrieved to heare of our pro- 
ceedings, when they shall reade of the same in our Decades; most 
true yt is, we knowing that the offices of humanity can helpe much 
in the forwarding hereof, 

Then if our accions must relish all of pietie (not excluding neither 
any one particular helpe of curtesie and manlines), how religious 
and manly both is yt to communicate with these simple and inno- 
cent people (unles, perhaps, you will say that it is altogether unlaw- 
full to enter commune and traffique with salvages and infidells, so 
bringing to the test the rich and necessary trades into Turkey and 
the East Indies), kneeling when we kneele, and lifting up theire 
handes and eyes when we pray; not so docyble, as willing to 
receive our customes, herein like raced and unblotted tables, apt 
to receive what forme soever shallbe first drawne theron, and who 
have lesse faith in religion, which maie be the more probably shaken 
by how much they have lesse power eyther of reason or of armes 
to defend yt then the Turk hath, and with whome to hold discourse 
of their religion carrieth not, at least, that challenge and stepping 
into daunger, as yt doth amongst other barbarous nations, especially 
with the Turkes (with whome we hold such enterchangeable cur- 
tesies), who suffer not theire divine lawe, given them in their 
Musaph,? or Alcaran, by their falce prophet Mahumet (and which _ 


1 Mishaf is the Arabic for a code, or book ; but when used with the 
Arabic article, thus, al mishaf, it generally refers to their sacred book, 
Al-Kuran, being the civil and religious code of laws of the Mohammedans. 
It is common for the Mohammedans to designate the Kuran by the term, 
“ Al Mishaf el Karim”, the glorious book. 

c2 


12 - PREMONITION TO THE READER. 


makes them, as they say, the true Musselman, before the Persian), 
to be subject to the disputacion of any Christian, upon the payne 
of a sure death. Where amongst these, a more easie passage lyes 
open to wound the illusion of Sathan, and to gayne a poore inno- 
cent to partake in our knowledges. We take heaven by violence, 
saith the evangelist ; I am sure yt is given to men of fervent 
charity et operantibus, and good workes, albeit they be not con 
cause, yet are they con sectaria (as the schooleman saieth) of our 
faith; though not causa regnandi, yet are they via ad regnum,— 
they justifie not before God, yet they doe glorifie God in His ser- 
vants; and what more meritoryous worke can ther be then to 
labour in Godes cause (let the world however brand yt for folly), 
and worke them to be His, whose image they beare, and partici- 
pate with us of reason, carrying in their nostrills more than the 
spiritt of life, the breath of beasts, which how should we then pitty 
and take religious compassion of ? And compassion, saith Guic- 
ciardine, debates not causes and reasons, but proceedes to relief, for 
which the duty of a good man is said to be compounded of these 
two things, the glory of his Creator, and the love of his neighbour. 
And who is our neighbour, demandeth our Saviour? He that (as 
in an inne) quartereth next lodging and doore unto us? No, sure, 
for albeit in the old lawe, the elected Jew accompted every Jew his 
neighbour only, yet, since the time of grace, we are taught to 
acknowledge every man that beareth the impression of God’s 
stampe, to be not only our neighbour, but to be our brother, howe 
farr distinguished and removed by seas or lands soever from us ; 
and in that stile doe far disjoyned princes salute each the other ; 
and, indeed, yt is the generall office of mankind, not only to wish 
good, but to bring yt to passe, for one of the like creation. 

Now, what greater good can we derive unto them then the 
knowledge of the true and ever lyving God? And what doth 
more directly and rarely minister that effect then society, and to 
joyne with them in friendship? Since we dailye see amongst our- 
selves the profane and the most disordered (might I not say almost 
barbarous), by keepinge company, doth light uppon somethinge 
the while, which stumbles him in his hast, and makes him often 
take a pawse before he proceedes, eyther shame or compunction 


PREMONITION TO THE READER. 13 


striving within him. Nor is this without some plea of reason; for 
like doth in tyme fasten and worke into like (as fier worketh wood 
altogeather into fier), and as the eye, if it be opposed and presented 
to any sensible object that excelleth, will loose his proper and 
naturall function, so by conversing, the tyme, or reverence and 
awe of the better company, or some particuler advantage, circum- 
staunce or other, may object that to the most sensuall which maye 
strike his prowd heart, so as he maye find somewhat to be amazed 
at, about which, whilst his imaginations busy themselves, they 
may beget further discourse and arguments of more and more 
goodnes. 

O let heavy things tend to their centre; let light and ayery 
spiritts salute Heaven, and fly up to the circumference! That great 
and famous instrument of publishing the gospell and knowledge of 
Christ Jesus, Christopher Columbus, as also Vesputius Americus, 
who (five yeares after Columbus) arrived here, gave this whole 
country and ymmeasurable continent (which is, and maye well be 
called the New World for his greatnes, reaching from the one 
pole to the other, being devided by the streights of Magellane, 
where it endeth under fifty-two degrees on the south side of the 
equinoetiall lyne) his owne name, may teach us what progresse to 
make even in this glorious enterprise. The first of these opened 
the way to the Spaniard, who since hath fild both islands and 
mayne with the forme of their worship to God (I leave to saye 
how officious and superstitious), and the other as inflamed to doe 
some notable and Christian act, answeared the other (a health yet 
unpleadged by us unles we will now set to yt), Let the examples 
of these move us to advaunce (now opportunity is offred) our pro- 
fession and faith, as Catholique, and more purged from self inven- 
tions. Have we either lesse meanes, fainter spiritts, or a charity 
more cold, or a religion more shamefull, and afrayd to delate 
ytself? or is yt a lawfull worke in them, and not in us, that yt is 
authorized unto them even by the warrant of the Church? Here 
Pope Alexander VI in his bull and donation to the Kings of 
Castile and their successors — 

“Nos itaque hujusmodi vestrum sanctum et laudabile Pro- 
positum, plurimum in Domino commendantes, ei cupientes ut illud 


14 PRAMONITION TO THE READER. 


ad debitum finem perducatur, et ipsum Nomen Salvatoris nostri in 
partibus illis inducatur, hortamus vos quamplurimum in Domino et 
per Sacri Lavacri susceptionem, qua mandatis Apostolicis obligati 
estis,” ete. 

Which is, “‘ We, greatly comending this your godly and laudable 
purpose in our Lord, and desirous to have the same brought to a 
due end, and the name of our Saviour to be knowne in those 
parts, doe exhort you in our Lord, and by the receaving of the 
holy baptisme, wherby you are bound to apostolicall obedience, 
and earnestly require you, by the bowells of mercy of our Lord 
Jesus Christ, that when you intend, for the zeale of the Catholique 
faith, to prosecute the said expedicion to reduce the people of the 
foresaid landes and islands to the Christian religion, you shall 
spare no labours at any tyme, or be deterred with any perrylls, 
conceaving firme hope and assuraunce that the omnipotent God 
will give good successe to your goodly attempts.” 

It is read that Themistocles hearing of the great victory that 
Melciades' had obteyned on the playne of Marathon, said, that 
that report would not lett him take any rest; and Julius Cesar 
wept at the sight of Alexander’s image (who had at the yeares of 
twenty-four obtayned the name of Great), and cryed out: “Am 
not I miserable, that have done nothinge worthy of memory, and 
yet this prince at these yeares hath executed so many notable 
thinges ?” Shall these, for the smoake of momentary glory, breake 
out thus passionate and forward ? and shall not we, for the glory 
of our God, be as affectionate and ambitious? Shall we now, 
when we know most the effects and perfection of goodnes (as the 
sun when he is highest in the zodiack moveth slowest), be dullest 
in our solstice and supremest height? The glorious St. Augustine, 
in his firste booke, “De Concord. Evang.”, cap. 32°. goeth so far 
concerning the spredding abroad and teaching of our Saviour 
crucified, not only to the right, but to the leaft hand, as it is in 
the 54 of Esau’, as he there amply discourseth how the ghospell 
should be published abroad, not only by those who sincerely, with 
true and perfect charity, assume the function of preachers, but 


1 i.e, Miltiades. 2 i.e. Isaiah. See ch. liv, v. 1-10. 


PREMONITION TO THE READER. 15 


also by those that declare yt, tending to temporall endes; and 


surely many powerfull and divine arguments might be extracted 


for this place, which he there at large persecuteth, which would 
confirme and speak satisfaction to the most sensuall : yf so, why 
then besides these alleaged divine motives, politique and rationall 
respects, even common trade and hope of profitt might make us 
forward to be adventurers. Our country of Virginia hath no 
want of many marchandize (which we in England accomplish in 
Denmark, Norway, Prusia, Poland, etc.; fetch far, and buy deare) 
which advaunce much, and assured increase, with lesse exchaung 
of our owne, with as few hazardes by sea, and which would main- 


' taine as frequent and goodly a navie as what runs the Levant 


stage ; and those by divers treaties, both in Lattin and English, 
private and publique, have ben, in their particuler names and 
values oftentymes expressed, especyally that which hath bene 
published by that true lover of vertue and great learned professor 
of all arts and knowledges, Mr. Hariots,' who lyved there in the 
tyme of the first colony, spake the Indian language, searcht the 
country, and made many proufes of the richnes of the soyle, and 
commodites therof, besides many planters from thence, and right 
worthie marchants, and those knowen to be men of much belief 
and credit, have witnessed as much to the world, in these latter 
tymes, if men will give them stoage and welcome in their good 
opinions, and sett aside their owne overweenings and singularity 
to entertaine a truith, and out of those great plenties and havings 
(which God hath lent them to be his stewards here) be pleased to 
heare themselves entreated to spare but a little, little portion to 
the raising and building up of a sanctum sanctorum, a holy howse, 
and a sanctuary to his blessed name, amongst infidels ; placinge 
those therein on whome yt hath now pleased him both to be suffi- 
ciently revenged for their forefathers’ ingratitude and treasons, and 
to descend in mercy to lighten [them] that sate in darknes, and in 
the shadowe of death, and to direct their feet in the waye of peace. 

But perhappes there be those who will graunt that what they 

1 Thomas Hariot, or Harriot, mathematical tutor to Sir W. Raleigh, 


accompanied Sir Richard Grenville’s expedition to Virginia in 1585, and 
drew up an account of his voyage, now very rare, printed 1590, fe. 


16 PREMONITION TO THE READER, 


have read in those discourses delivered to the world may be true, 
but will they say, What open and actuall injury shall we doe to the 
poore and innocent inhabitaunts to intrude uppon them? I must 
aske them againe, In which shall we offer them injurye ? for prof- 
fering them trade, or the knowledge of Christ? From one of 
these two or both the injury must proceede. Why? What in- 
jury can yt be to people of any nation for Christians to. come unto 
their ports, havens, or territoryes, when the lawe of nations (which 
is the lawe of God and man (doth priviledge all men to doe soe, 
which admitts yt lawfull to trade with any manner of people, in 
so much as no man is to take uppon him (that knoweth any thing) 
the defence of the salvadges in this point, since the salvadges © 
themselves may not impugne or forbid the same, in respect of 
common fellowship and community betwix man and man; albeit 
I will not deny but that the salvadges may (without peradventure) 
be ignorant of as much, and (alas) of more graces beside, and 
particularities of humanity, the reason whereof being, because 
(poor sowles) they knowe not the good which they stand in neede 
of ; but we that are Christians doe knowe howe this lawe (enrich- 
ing all kingdomes) gives priviledges to ambassadours, keepes the 
seas common and safe, layes open ports and havens, and allowes 
free scales and liberal accesse for whosoever that will import unto 
them such commodities as their countreyes have, and they want ; 
or export from them some of their plentye (duties and customes 
provinciall observed). Yf this be so for the first, concerning the 
other yt may fully be answeared with this demaund, shall yt not 
followe, if traffique be thus justifiable (which intended nothing 
but transitory profitt and increase of temporall and worldly goodes) 
shall not plantinge the Christian faith be much more? Yes by 
how much the divine good (not subject to change, and under no 
alteracion), excells, takes an accompt, and surveyes, and surpasseth 
all things, and all our actions are to bend their intentions thether- 
ward ; and what waye soever we make, yet miserable and wretched 
he whose every lyne he drawes, every act and thought doe not 
close and meete in the center of that. Alas, would we but truly 
examyne all, and the best of things, which the rownd eye of the 
sun lookes uppon, what is the travell for all the pompe, the trea- 


PRAMONITION TO THE READER. 17 


sure, the pleasure, and whatsoever belongeth to this lief, compared 
to the ritches of the sowle, the excellency wherof (if there were 
noe other proufe to confirme yt) ys sufficientlie sett fourth by the 
rich ransome that was paid for yt, even the pretious bloud of Jesus 
Christ. O our dull ignorance, depraved wills, or imperfection of 
reason, or all three, how doe yee transport us? who, when we 
should labour a wane and diminution of the most imposture, the 
most falce, and yet eye-pleasing objects of our carnall sences, not 
soe much as makinge out (after the least of them in poore Indian 
canoas),. howe their godlike representations. beguile us that we 
neclect all good things and (like English lords) pursue these on the 
streeme of delight, in swift barges? When let us heare the end 
of all, and som of all happines, saith St. John, chapt. vii, ver. 3, 
and that is, to knowe one only true God and Jesus Christ, whome 
He hath sent, who being the ever blessed and only wysdome of the 
Father, gives, amonge other commandments to his apostles, this, — 
“‘Goe and baptize all nations.” Universa, enim propter. semet 
ipsum operatus est Dominus.—Pro. xvi. This worde and particle 
(all) infallibly and mathumatically concluding, then, even. theis 
poore salvadges. 

- But yet it is injurious to the naturall inhabitants, still saye ours. 
Wherefore? It is because yt is, nowe indeede, a most doughtie 
and mat[eriall reason, a great peice of injury to. bring them (to 
invert our English proverb) out of the warme sun, into God’s 
blessing ; to bring them from bodily wants, confusion, misery, and 
these. outward anguishes, to the knowledg of a better practize, 
and ymproving of those benefitts (to a more and ever duringe ad- 
vantage, and to a civiler use) which God hath given unto them, 
but envolved and hid in the: bowells and. womb of, their land (to 
them barren and unprofitable, because unknowne) ; nay, to exalt, 
as I may saie, meere privation to the highest degree of perfection, 
by bringing their wretched soules (like Cerberus, from hell) from 
the chaynes of Sathan, to the armes and bosome of their Saviour : 
here is a most impious piece of injury. Let me remember what 
Mr. Simondes, preacher of St. Saviour’s, saith in this behalf: It 
is as much, saith he, as if a father should be said to offer violence 
to his child, when he beats him to bring him to goodnesse. Had 


D 


18 PREMONITION TO THE READER. 


not this violence and this injury bene offred to us by the Romans 
(as the warlike Seots did the same, likewise, in Caledonia, unto 
the Picts), even by Julius Cesar himself, then by the emperour 
Claudius, who was therefore called Britannicus, and his captains, 
Aulus Plautius and Vespatian (who tooke in the Isle of Wight); 
arid lastly, by the first lieutenant sent hither, Ostorius Scapula (as 
writes Tacitus in the lief of Agricola), who reduced the conquered 
partes of our barbarous iland into provinces, and established in 
them colonies of old souldiers ; building castells and townes, and 
in every corner teaching us even to knowe the powerfull discourse 
of divine reason (which makes us only men, and distinguisheth us 
from beasts, amongst whome we lived as naked and as beastly as 
they). We might yet have lyved overgrowen satyrs, rude and 
untutred, wandring in the woodes, dwelling in caves, and hunting 
for our dynners, as the wild beasts in the forrests for their praye, 
prostetuting our daughters fo straungers, sacrificing our childrene 
to idolls, nay, eating our owne childrene, as did the Scots in those 
daies, as reciteth Tho. Cogan, bachellor of phisick, in his booke,’ 
De Sanitate, cha. 137, printed 1189, and dedicated to the Earle of 
Hertford ; in which place he bringeth in St. Hierome himself, by 


way of Prosop[o]peia, affirming soe much uppon his knowledg. 


His wordes, there alleged, are these : What shall I say, saieth St. 
Jerom, of other nations, since that, when I was a boy, I saw, in 
Fraunce, Scotts, a people of Britannia, eate man’s flesh ; and when 
they found in the forrests, heardes of swine, beasts, and cattaile, 
they would cut off the buttocks of the boyes that kept them, and 
also the women’s papps, and tooke that ‘to be the most deinty and 
delicate meat ; and, as the reverent Beda reports (before the Britons 
were converted to the ghospell), murthering whole troups of men 
to accompanye and serve their friendes dying, in the other lief, as 
they did to the sondry Zemes* in the West Indies, at what tyme 

1 The work alluded to was published under the title of “The Haven of 
Health,” 1589—the figure 1 being mistakenly inserted above for 5. There 
is a copy of the work at Oriel College, Oxford. See Wood’s “Athenee 
Oxonienses”. 

2 See “Hieron. adversus Jovinianum”, liber ii. “ Epistole D, Hiero- 
nymi”. Rom. 1565. Tom. ii, fe. 50. 

* Idols, or gods, who were pretended to foretell future events. See 
“ Peter Martyr”, Dec. 1, lib. ix, and “ Oviedo”, lib. v. 


PRAMONITION TO THE READER. 19 


Columbus arrived there; and as they did in Peru and Mexico, at 
what tyme Ferdinando Cortez reduced them to the Christianity : 
and as the Quiyoughquisocks (or priests) doe to the idolls of the 
salvadges here, albeit I hope they will not long doe soe, yf by a 
gentle and faire entreaty we may win them to be willing to heare 
and learne of us and our preachers, the more civile use of every 
particular in which they nowe too rudely and beastly doe amisse. 

All the injury that we purpose unto them, is but the amendment 
of these horrible heathenismes, and the reduction of them to the 
aforesaid manly dutyes, and to the knowledg (which the Romans 
could not give us) of that God who must save both them and us, 
and who bought us alike with a deare sufferaunce and pretious 
measure of mercy. 

For the apter enabling of our selfes unto which so heavenly an 
enterprise, who will thinck yt an unlawfull act to fortefie and 
strengthen our selves(as nature requires) with the best helpes, and 
by sitting downe with guardes and forces about us in the wast and 
vast unhabited growndes of their[s], amongst a world of which not 
one foote of a thousand doe they either use, or knowe howe to turne 
to any benefitt ; and therfore lyes so great a circuit vayne and idle 
before them? Nor is this any injurye unto them, from whome we 
will not forceably take of their provision and labours, nor make 
rape of what they clense and manure ; but prepare and breake up 
newe growndes, and therby open unto them likewise a newe waye 
of thrift or husbandry ; for as a righteous man (according to Solo- 
mon) ought to regard the lief of his beast, so surely Christian men 
should not shew themselves like wolves to devoure, who cannot 
forget that every soule which God hath sealed for himself he hath 
done yt with the print of charity and compassion ; and therefore 
even every foote of land which we shall take unto our use, we will 
bargaine and buy of them, for copper, hatchetts, and such like 
comodityes, for which they will even sell themselves, and with 
which they can purchace double that quantity from their neigh- 
bours; and thus we will commune and entreate with them, truck, 
and barter, our commodityes for theires, and theires for ours (of 
which they seeme more faine) in all love and freindship, untill, for 
our good purposes towards them, we shall finde them practize vio- 


D2 


20 PREMONITION TO THE READER. 


lence or treason against us (as they have done to our other colony 
at Roanoak) : when then, I would gladly knowe (of such who pre- 
sume to knowe all things), whether we maye stand upon our owne 
innocency or no, or hold yt a scruple in humanitye, or any breach 
of charity (to prevent our owne throats from the cutting), to drawe 
our swordes, ef vim vi repellere ? 

Planting (saith Sir George Peckam,’ writing an apologye in the 
like cause) may well be divided into two sorts, when Christians, 
by the good liking and willing assent of the salvadges, are admitted 
by them to quiett possession; and when Christians, being inhu- 
manely repulsed, doe seeke to attayne and mayntayne the right for 
which they come, in regard of establishment of Christian religion, 
either of them maye be lawfully exercyzed ; for what soever God, 
by the ministration of nature, hath created on earth, was, at the 
beginning, common among men; may yt not then be lawfull nowe 
to attempt the possession of such lands as are voide of Christian 
inhabitants, for Christ’s sake? Harke, harke, the earth is the 
Lord’s, and all that is therein. 

And all the world he will call and provoke, 

Even from the east, and so forth to the west. 
As it is in the 50 psalme, where David prophesieth how God will 
call all nations by the gospell, and in the 12 verse : 

For all is myne that on the earth doth dwell. 


And who shall bar him from his possession ? In the second booke 
of Esdras, the 6 chap., 14 ver., saieth the prophet : “ And besides 
this Adam, whome thow madest lord over all the workes which 
thou hadst created ; of him come we all.” And in the Newe Tes- 
tament, Paule, calling himself the apostle of the Gentiles, in the 
11 of the Romans, 32 ver., saieth, that God hath shut up all in 
unbelief, that he might have mercy on all; yet, in another place 
of the same epistle, he saieth: ‘“‘And how shall they call on him 


1 Sir George Peckham, in an anonymous work entitled “True Reporte 
of the late Discoveries and Possession taken in the right of the Crown 
of Englande, of the New-found-landes, by that valiaunt and worthye 
gentleman, Sir Humfrey Gilbert, Knight”. By G. P. London. 1583. 
8vo. Chap. 2. 


PREMONITION TO THE READER. _ 21 


in whome they have not beleeved, and how shall they beleeve in 
him on whome they have not heard ?” and therefore, he concludeth : 
“ O, how beautifull are the feet of them which bring glad ‘tidings 
of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things!” and in the third 
of Sophonias' : “The children of my dispersed” (so he calleth the 
apostles) “shall bring me presents from beyond the banckes ‘of 
ZEthiopia.” Besides (omittinge the peregrination of Paule, and 
the travells of Barnabas, into so many straunge countries, islands, 
and kingdomes, of the Gentiles, laboring in this office, and reduc- 
ing so many cittyes of theires to the knowledg of Christ crucified, 
in Grecia, in Pisidia, Pamphilia, Perga, Attalia, in Asia, and Syria, 
insomuch .as Antioch was come to be called, at length, the newe 
cittye, and Jerusalem of the Gentiles : as also omitting the vision 
which Peter saw in Joppa, of a vessell, as it had bene a great sheet, 
let downe from heaven by the four corners, in which were four 
footed beasts of the earth, wilde beasts, creepinge things, and fowles 
of the heaven, with the voice which accompanied yt, saying, “ Arise, 
Peter, slay and eate ;” and this done three tymes, forbiddinge him 
to accompt those things polluted or uncleane (meaninge the Gen- 
tiles), which God had sanctified and made holy ; and let me remem- 
ber, which is worth all observation, and to be bound to the palmes 
of our hands, and to be written uppon the lyntells and brow posts of 
all our dores, for the encouragement and comfort of us, who are im- 
prest in this service; yt is one of our daily petitions, which we are 


‘taught by our blessed Saviour, when we pray, and of that quallity 


as when we have first entreated grace to esteeme, valewe, and 
honour God, according as he ought to be, both in wordes and 
works, as also in our holy and Christian conversacion, for so much 
signifieth “Hallowed be thy Name,” we presently add, “ Thy 
kingdome come,” which ymplieth, that it would please the great 
and mercyfull God that his sacred word might have a powerfull 
passage throughout the world ; yea, in such sort that all nations 
might be reduced to the kingdome of grace, and made partakers 
of their redemption ; nor must we ymagine that this is nowe to 
be done by myracle, for which it is thus foresaid by Esay? in his 


1 Zephaniah, chap. iii, v. 10. 2 Isaiah. 


22 PREMONITION TO THE READER, 


66 chap.,—‘ Those which shall escape out of Israell shall goe farr 
off to Tharsis and to the remote islands, where they shall convert 
many nations unto the Lord, and therefore is Christ called the 
salvation of nations (Gen. 4, Esay 7), there being no other name 
under heaven unto men whereby to be saved, but only this of 
Christ’s” (Acts 4). And in the Old Testament we shall read, when 
strange and great nations would not submitt to the yoake of this 
knowledge of the everlasting God by faire entreaty, they were, 
ferro et flammis, compelled thereunto, In Josua and the Judges 
plentifull instances adhere to the making of this good: there is to 
be seene how Moses, Josua, and Gedion would send spies and 
discoverers for the like purposes (smisit igitur Joshue jfilius Nun 
de Setim duos wiros exploratores in abscondito, et dixit eis, Ite et 
considerate terram urbemque Jericho.—Jos. 2) into kingdoms, 
nations, and provinces, and thereafter beseiged their townes and 
strong howldes ; and when the Gentiles would not call for mercy, 
they would lay waste and burne their chief citties : so fell Jericho, 
and so was Ai surprised, the inhabitants slayne, and their kinge 
hanged up, Read the 12 chapter, and you shall find a catalogue 
of 31 kings and great princes of the hethen put to the edge of the 
sword, whilst the Gibionites, intreating by ambassadours, were 


taken into proteccion, and admitted into the colonye of the Israel- 


ites, and yet made their servants, and fetch-waters. 

And thus these few and unskilfull scaenes, but scenes of truith, 
brought to this act, they shall suffice to begett a setteled opinion of 
goodnes, and of the right of this busines, in any who hath hereto- 
fore doubted, appealing to impartiall judgments wheather the 
Kinge of Spaine hath priority of title to this part of America 
before the English ; nay, whether he hath any coulour of title by 
this at all? or whether this enterprize be an unchristian acte, or 
injury to the naturalls ? and if neither, whether their Epiphonema! 
deserves just showt and applause, whoe declare yt unlawfull, and 
an unnaturall busines, and to God displeasinge. 


1 Outery. 


FINIS. 


} 
; 


Auiatanaetiaantara tty as: 


——— eh 


HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


INTO 


VIRGINIA BRITANNIA. 


CAPUT I. 


The Cosmographie of Virginia ; latitude and bounds ; extention upon a 
right lyne ; first division—the quality of the mountaynes, and des- 
g cription of the high land; subdivided; her temperature, wynds, 
a ‘ soyle, valies, plaines, marishes, etc. 
‘ 


Virernta Brrrannta is a country in America; yt lyeth Virzinia 
betweene the degrees of 80 and 44 of the north latitude ; °™™** 
the bowndes whereof may well be thus layd: on the east 
runneth the great ocean, or mayne Atlantique Sea; on the 
south side, Florida; on the north, Nova Francia; as for the 
west, the lymitts thereof are unknowne, only it is supposed 
there maye be found the discent into the South Sea, by the 
a Spaniards called Mar del zur, so meeting with the doubtfull 
| north-west passage, which leades into the east, to China, 
Cathay, Giapan, the Moluccaes, etc., now ymagined to be 
discovered by our countryman Hudson, and therefore, for 
the more certainty therof, the search anew this presente 
yeare,' undertaken by Capt. Button, Capt. Nelson, and Capt. 

2; albeit, there be who affirme that if there 
should be a third land-locked sea, which hath no enter- 


1 1612. 

2 The omitted name is Ingram. Captain Ingram commanded the 
Discovery, in company with Captain Button. Nelson was master of the 
Resolution, Captain Button’s ship. 


the height of 
supposed to 


joyn 
tog 


How 
Virginia 
extendeth 
upon a 
right lyne. 


Her 
division, 


Country— 
high, low. 


24 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


course at all with the ocean (like the Mare Caspium, and 
Mare Mortuum in Palestina), yt lieth upon the north-west 
of America; when yet againe Gemma Frisius recordeth’ three 
brethren that went this passage, and left a name unto the 
Streights of Anian, where the sea striketh sowth into Mar- 
del-zur, beyond America, whereby that streict is nowe 
called Fretum trium fratrum: we doe reade, likewise, of a 


ad Ameria Portugal that passed this streict, of whom Sir Martin Fur- 


bisher speaketh, that was imprisoned therefore many yeares 
in Lishbon, likewise Anordaneta,’ a frier of Mexico, came 
out of Mar del zur this way into Germany, whose card hath 
ben seene by gentlemen of good credit. 

It is a spatious and ample tract of land; from north to. 
south, upon a right lyne, yt maye be seven hundred myles ; 
from east to west (in the narrowest place) supposed some 
three hundred myles, and in other places one thousand; a 
sufficient space, and ground ynough to satisfie the most 
covetous and wide affection of him whoe frames to himself 
any other end, then the only true one, of this plantation. 

Of all this country (in due place) we purpose to speake, 
though more particularly of that parte which was begun to 
be planted by the English in the yeare of our Lord God, 
1606, and which may lye under the degrees of 37, 38, and 
39, and which part devided may well suffer (with Germany) 
the appellation of the High and Low Country, from the 
mouthe of the Chesapeak Bay up to the head of the rivers, 
all of which I call Virginia, as the high land. about the falls 
(as yet undiscovered), beinge the mayne continent, I call 
Britania; nor doe I holde this partition lesse proper, or 


1 See “ Hakluyt”, vol. iii, p. 26, (Ed. 1600), from which this passage is 
copied, with very slight alterations. Reinier Gemma was a learned Dutch 
mathematician and astronomer, born in 1508, at Doccum, in Friesland, 
whence his cognomen of Frisius. The record alluded to, is his “ Universal 
Mappe”. 

2 7. e., Andrew Urdaneta. 


-~. 


i ie rrr ee 


INTO VIRGINIA. 25 


more impertinent unto this kingdome, then England, Scot- 
land, and Wales is to Great Britany; or Aquitania, Celtica, 
and Belgia to France; or to Spayne and Portugal, Castile 
and Arragon. 

Concerning the high-land little can we say as yet, because 
thereof little have we discovered; only some Indians’ rela- 
. tions and some fewe daies’ marches into the Monocan coun- 
try of our owne, have instructed us thus far. 

This high land, or Britannia, then, say we, is the mayne ae 
and firme continent, which extendeth, we wot not how far, #n4,sbowt 
beyond that cataract or fall of water, which the Indians call 
Paquachowng,! from whence one daie’s jorney into the 
Monocan country. Our elder planters (at their first com- 
yng) proclaymed His Majestie king of the country at 
Mohominge (a neighbour village), and sett up a crosse there 
with His Majestie’s name inscribed thereon, the said falls 
being one hundred and fifty myles up from the mouth of the 
bay, and where the current there at his head falleth, with an 
easye discent, three or four fathome downe into the low 
contry. 

From the falls our men have heretofore marched (as the 
river led them) about forty or fifty miles, and fownd the 
high land woody, little champion,? with rising hills, rockey 
and mountanous, and so all along from the north, by a 
sowth-west lyne, in so much as the more so-ward the further 
off from the bay are those mountaynes ; from them fall cer- 
taine brooks, which after come to be five principall navigable The fail of 


every river 


rivers,® these run from the nor-west into the so-est, and so 's within 20 


into the west side of the bay, as hastinge themselves to oft, 
emptye into the bay, to paye their tribute to the ocean. 
The mountaines here at the head are of divers natures, for 7,20" 


1 The falls at Richmond, about one hundred and ten miles from the 
mouth of the James River. 
2 Champaign. 
3 Now called James River, York River, Rappahannock, Potomac, and 
Patuxent Rivers. 
E 


26 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


the rocks are of a constitution like milstones; some of a 
blew metallyne coulour, some of marble, etc.; and many 
pieces of scattered cristall we find, as throwne downe by 
water from the mountaines ; for in wynter these mountaines 
are covered with snow, and when yt dissolveth, the waters 
fall with such violence that they cawse great inundacions in 
the narrowe vallies, which yet is scarse perceaved, being oute 
in the rivers. These waters wash from the rocks such glis- 
tening tinctures, that the grownd in some places seemeth as 
gilded, where both the rocks and the earth are so splendant 
to behold, that very good judgments would perhapps be per- 
swaded they conteyned more then probabilities. Sure it is 
that some mineralls have ben there found. 

This high land is, in all likelyhoodes, a pleasant tract, and 
the mowld fruictfull, especially what may lye to the so-ward ; 
where, at Peccarecamek and Ochanahoen, by the relation of 
Machumps,! the people have howses built with stone walles, 
and one story above another, so taught them by those 
Englishe whoe escaped the slaughter at Roanoak, at what 
tyme this our colony, under the conduct of Capt. Newport,? 


Howses of landed within the Chesapeake Bay, where the people breed 
turkyes and yp tame turkeis about their howses, and take apes in the 


yes, 
suppose 
at Peccart- 
canick, 


mountaines, and where, at Ritanoe, the Weroance Eyanoco® 
preserved seven of the English alive—fower men, two boyes, 
and one yonge mayde (who escaped and fled up the river of 
Chanoke), to beat his copper, of which he hath certaine 
mynes at the said Ritanoe, as also at Pamawauk are said to 
be store of salt stones. 

Pokotawes, which the West Indians (our neighbours) call 
maiz, their kind of wheat, is here said to be in more plentye 

1 An Indian subsequently mentioned. 

2 In 1607, Captain Newport sailed in command of a squadron of three 
vessels, with one hundred and ten settlers, and reached Chesapeake Bay 
in April of that year. He founded James’s Town,—the oldest settlement, 


with the exception of St. Augustine, in the United States. 
8 Commander, or governor, as hereafter described. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 97 


then below, and the low country fruicts grow here. It is 
supposed that the low land hath more fish and fowle, and the 
high land more number of beasts. The people differ not 
much in nature, habit, or condicion, only they are more dar- 
ing uppon us; and before we erected our forts amongst them, 
there was ever enmity, and open warrs, betweene the high and 
lowe country, going bythe namesof Monocans and Powhatans. 
To the norward of the Falls, and bending to the nor- 
east, lieth the skirt of this high land country, from whence the 
aforesaid five great navigable rivers take their heads, which 
run through the low land (as is before mencyoned) into the 
Chesapeack Bay; this quarter is altogither unknowen to us 
as yet, only herein are seated (say the Indians) those people 
whom Powhatan calls the Bocootawwonaukes, who (he saith) The Bocoo- 
doe likewise melt copper and other mettalls; how true we (chs ne 
must leave to further discovery. 
To the nor-ward againe of this, in the height of 44, lyeth 
the country called Panaquid, the kingdome wherein our fi!" 
westerne colony, uppon the river of Sachadehock,! was some- eros 
tyme planted, which is a high land, and noe lesse fruictfull 
then these other parts, save only the extremity of the winter’s 
coldness makes yt lesse pleasant ; yet did our men, in their 
yll built and bleake cottages, endure one whole wynter there, 
without any great losse or danger ; nor is it more cold then 
the winter in Scotland; and therefore, though that colonye 
be now discontynued, yet is not yt the reason, but rather the 
death of the honorable gentleman, Sir John Popham, knight, 
late lord chief justice, chief patron of the same. 
Now concerning the low land, or Virginia, which bordereth (yiie" * 
“west and nor-west, uppon the Falls, and the country of the “""™ 
Monacans and north uppon the Bocootawwanaukes, east upon 
the sea, and south uppon Florida, yt may well enough be 


1 The Kennebeck River, where a plantation, named St. George, was 
founded in i607, under the presidency of Raleigh Gilbert and George 
Popham, brother of Sir John, the Lord Chief Justice. Both of these 
brothers died in the year 1607. 


Cape 
Henry. 


Cape 
Charles, 


South 
Virginia. 


Ronoak not 


under the 


commaund 


of Powha- 


28 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


devided into South Virginia and North Virginia, the Chesa- 
poack Bay and Powhatan River parting these twoo. 

The cape of this bay, on the south side, we call Cape Henry, 
in honour of that our most royall deceased prince, where the 
land shewes white hilly sand, like unto the Downes, and all 
along the shoare growe great plenty of pines and firrs. 

The north foreland of this bay, which the Indians terme 
Accowmack, we call Cape Charles, in honor of our now prince, 
at that time Duke of York: within these lyes our country, 
and only by the mouthe of this goodly bay the entrance there- 
unto. 

South Virginia is a very low, sandy soyle, without rocks, 
or any stones at all; yt is thick sett with woodes of divers 
kindes, and in all things resembleth North Virginia, excepted 
the lownesse of the land and want of stones; yt hath divers 
rivers in yt, but none navigable to our knowledge; yt hath 
many islands, which lie into the sea before the firme land, 
but the water is not deepe for shippinge betweene them and 
the mayne. Yt is said to have of the same silke whereof the 
Chynoes make their damaske, called by the Portugalls' sone 
del cherua, in great aboundaunce, and sondry apothecary 
druggs, which are nowe found likewise as frequent in our 
north parte; it is a fruitfull countrey, and not much subject 
to cold ; in this country it was that Sir Walter Raleigh planted 
his two colonies, in the islande aforesaid, called Roanoack. 

No parte of this sowth country is supposed to be under 
Powhatan, but under an absolute Weroance, as powerfull and 
great as Powhatan. It shall not fall in here so well at large 
to particulate the bowndes, estate, customes, and comodityes 


? These words are not Portuguese; nor, as the “del” might at first 
lead us to suppose, are they Spanish. The best conjecture the editor 
can make is, that as allusion is doubtless made to the silk-grass of the 
country, the word “cherua” is a mis-spelling for “yerba”, Spanish ; or 
“erba”, Portuguese: the word “sone” is to him utterly unintelligible. 
The same words, without any alteration, occur in the duplicate MS. in 
the Ashmolean collection at Oxford. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 29 


of this south parte, since yt shal be exemplified in his due 
place in the second booke of this Decade, as yt is already sett 
forth and expressed to publike viewe, both in English and 
Latyn, by Theodorus de Bry! and Mr. Harriotts, who was a 
planter there one whole yeare ; albeyt I must acknowledg the 
coleraunce of both the countryes is such, as the relation of 
the one maie suffice to give understanding of the condicion 
and quality of both. 

North Virginia lyeth on the north side of Powhatan, or the —. 
first river within the Chesapeak Bay (which we have called Bria. 
the King’s River),? up to the Falls,’ and from thence by the 
skirt of the high land, by the heades of the rivers, even to 
our mayne sea, upon the northerne shoare of the which said 
King’s River (as London upon the Thames) are seated as yet 
our principall townes and forts, which are in chief com- 
maunded by their great kinge Powhatan, and are compre- 
hended under the denomination of Tsenacommacoh, of which 
we maye the more by experience speak, yt being the place 
wherein our aboad and habitation hath now (well neere) 114 
yeares consisted. 

The sommer here is hot as in Spaine, the winter cold as in 7s 'em- 

Fraunce or England; the heate of the sommer is in June, 
July, and August, but comonly the cool breeses asswage the 
vehemency of the heat ; the chief of winter is half December, 
January, February, and half March. 

The temperature of this country doth well agree with the Not under, 


or too near, 


: ts : : cs 
English constitucions, being sometymes seasoned in the same, Tropicks. 


1 A celebrated engraver, born at Liege in 1561, died in 1623. He is 
especially known for his famous collection of “ Grands et Petits Voyages”, 
Frankfort-on-the-Main, 1590-1634 ; 25 parts, folio, with valuable plates, 
some of which are used by Hariot to illustrate his “Briefe and true 
Report of the new found land of Virginia’. 

2 James River. 4 Falls at Richmond. 

8 In the manuscript, the word “six” was originally written, but has 
been crossed out, and two strokes, thus “11”, inserted, in a darker coloured 
ink, 


te re ee 


SS 


The 
wyndes, 


Our Eng- 
lish fruites 
and seedes 


rosper in 
Virginia. 


380 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


which hath appeared unto us by this, that albeyt, by many 
occasions, ill lodging at the first (the poorer on the bare 
ground, and the best in such miserable cotages at the best, 
as through which the fervent piercing heat of the sun, which 
there (it is true) is the first cause, creating such sommer fevers 
amongst them, found never resistaunce) hard fare, and their 
owne judgments and saffeties instructing them to worke hard 
in the faint tyme of sommer, (the better to be accomodated 
and fitted for the wynter,) they have fallen sick, yet have they 
recovered agayne, by very small meanes, without helpe of 
fresh diet, or comfort of wholsome phisique, there being at 
the first but few phisique helpes, or skilfull surgeons, who 
knew how to apply the right medecine in a new country, or 
to search the quality and constitucion of the patient, and his 
distemper, or that knew how to councell, when to lett blood, 
or not, or in necessity to use a launce in that office at all. 

In the year 1607 was an extraordinary frost in most of 
Europe, and this frost was found as extreme in Virginia; but 
the next yeare following, and so ever since hitherto, for 8 or 
10 dayes of ill weather, we have comonly 14 daies of faire and 
somerly weather. 

The wyndes here are variable: from the so-west come 
the greatest gusts, with thunder and heat; the nor-west 
wind is commonly coole, and bringeth faire weather with it : 
from the north is the greatest cold; and from the east and 
south-east (as from the Bermudas) foggs and raines; some- 
tymes there are great droughts, other tymes much rayne ; yet 
we see not but that all the variety of needfull fruits and 
vegetables, which we transport from hence and plant there, 
thrive and prosper well, of which husbandry and thrift we 
have made many experiments, and they stand us nowe in noe 
little use, having plentye of them ; there is not that seed or 
hearb which our country here, by manuring and culture, bring 
forth, but doe there growe likewise quickly, and to no change- 
able tast from their nature,—nay, to better then in England, 


a ~ ——— 


INTO VIRGINIA. 31 


—as parsenips, carrotts, turnips, pumpions, mellons, cowcum- 
bers, etc., and many of our English garden seedes—parsley, 
endiff, socory, etc.’ There hath bene brought from the West 
Indies the plants of orange trees, which, put into the ground 
carelesly and neclected, have yet prospered ; as also the vines 
of Fraunce, tobacco-seed from Trinidado, cotton, wool, and Tob 


cotton wool, 
potatoes, we have committed to the triall of our soyle, and Bias” 


they yerely come to good passe; the rootes of the delicious French’ 
Indian pina, sett in a sandy place, thrived, and contynued “Ss 
life, without respect had of yt, untill the cold wynter and the 
weedes choaked yt ; yet is this fruict said to be daintye, nice, 
and of that nature, that noe art or industry hath be found 
out hitherto that could preserve yt in any clymate but in the 
West Indie Islands only. For the likelyhood of growing of 
sugar-canes, we have some probable hopes, by reason of the Hove of the 
greatnes and sweetnes of the stalke of the country wheat, and *e"™™"* 
the soile being aromaticall, as I may speake, by the savxa- 
fras, galbanum mechoacon, otherwise called rubarbum album, 
of which Dr. Bohun made triall in cold and moist bodies, for 
the purginge of fleame and superfluous matter ; as also a whit 
bole, which Dr. Bohun calls Terra alba Virginensis, both aro- 
maticall, and cordiall, and diapharetick, in pestilent and 
malignant feavers; and some other druggs; it can be but 
some litle tyme industriously spent to make tryall of this soe 
rich comoditye. 

The vesture of the earth, in most places, doth manifestly Th soyle. 
prove the nature of the soyle, in most places, to be lusty and 
very rich; the coulor of the earth, we find, in dyvers places, 
resembleth bole armoniack, fullers’ earth, marle, and that 
earth which we suppose of the like quality with the Lemnian 
terra sigillata, soe pricefull and marchantable in Turkey ; as, 
likewise, there is a clay which the Indians call assesqueth,? 


1 Chicory. 

2 This is probably the same clay as that now called Catlinite, from the 
celebrated traveller, George Catlin, who presented the only three pieces 
known in this country, to the British Museum. 


32 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


whereof they make their tobacco pipes, which is more smooth 
and fyne then I have ellswhere seene any. But generally 
the earth upon the upper crust, is a black fatt mould; next, 
under that, is a gray sandy marle, which, in dyvers places, is 
a redd sand, and in other places, a hard clay ; in some places, 
a fatt slimye clay; but the best ground is knowne by bur- 
then which it beareth, as by the greatness of trees or abound- 
aunce of weedes. 
ee This part is not mountanous; we sometyme meet with 
Playnes. Pleasant plaines, small risinge hills, and firtile vallies, one 
Marishes. crossing another, and all watered conveniently with brookes 
and springs. By the rivers are many plaine marishes, con- 
teyning, some twenty, some one hundred, some two hundred 
acres, some more, some lesse; other playnes there are few, 
but only where the salvages inhabite, but all overgrowne 
with trees and woodes, being a plaine wildernes, as God first 
ordeyned yt. 
. All the low land of South and North Virginia is conjec- 
likehhoods’ tured to have bene naturally gayned out of the sea; for the 
eihihe Sea, through his impetuous and vast revolution (who knowes 
binn sea Ot), savinge upon every coast, in some places wyns, and in 
’ other places looseth ; and we find within the shoares of our 
rivers, whole bancks of oysters and scallopps, which lye un- 
opened and thick together, as if there had bene their naturall 
bedd before the sea left them ; likewise, the fashion of the 
earth is in smale risinge mounts, which may well be supposed 
that the violence of the wynd hath cawsed, by dryving the 
light sand togither ; moreover, the mould and sword of the 
earth is not two foot deepe all along neare the sea; and that 
which is, comes only by the grasse, and leaves of trees, and 
such rubbish, rotting upon it in contynuance of time; for in 
digging but a fathome or two, we commonly find quick sand. 
Againe, under the crust of the surfage, we find not any 
stones nor rocks (except neere the high land), naie, in most 
places to soward, not so much as a pebble-stone, which must 


INTO VIRGINIA. 33 


proceed through want of tyme, that no duration hath. there 
ben wrought ; besides, the water ebbs and flowes well nigh 
unto the heades of all the rivers (I meane to the falls, 
unto the high land), and the natives which now people with 
us, on this side beneath the said falls, are conceaved not to 
have inhabited here belowe much more.than three hundred 
years. But all which we cannot but truly conjecture, that 
the upland countrye is a faier and goodly country, more 
sweet and wholsome in respect of ayre, and more rich in 
soyle, and fraighted with better comodyties, and those more 
necessary, besides the assurance of mineralls, concerninge 
which we doe already heare the Indians talke both of allam 
mines and copper, to the soward, where hath bene sufficyent 
tyme: for digestion. All which we must submitt to more 
cleire discoveryes. 


CAPUT II. 


Description of the five principall rivers within the Chesapeak Bay, toge- 
ther with such by-streames which fall into them ; a description of 
the Sasquesahanougs of Cape La Warre ; the falling with our coast; 
the fitness of Cape Comfort to fortefie at. 

On the west side of the bay, we said were five faire and 

delightfull navigable rivers, of which we will now proceede 

to report. The first of these rivers, and the next to. the 
mouthe of the bay, hath his course from the west and by 
north. The name of this river we call the King’s River ;) 
they call Powhatan, according to the name of a principal 
country that lyeth upon the head of yt; the mouthe of this 
river is neere three myles in breadth, yet doe the shoells force 
the channell so neere the land, that a sacre® will overshoot yt 
1 Now James River. 


2 Falco sacer; Anglicd “Sacre”, or “saker”, a bold and active species 
of falcon, 


F 


Ist River. 


The river 
Powhatan, 
which wee 
call the 
King’s 


River. 


34 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


at point blanck. This river hath a channell, for a hundred 
and forty miles, of depth betwixt seven and fifteen fathome, 
holding in breadth, for the most parte, two or three miles; 
and in which are many isles, both great and small. Yt falleth 
from rocks far west, in a country inhabited by a nation, as 
aforesaid, that they call Monacan 3 but where yt cometh into 
our discovery, yt is Powhatan. In the furthest place that 
hath been diligently observed, are falls,’ rocks, showlds, etc., 
which makes yt past navigation any higher; albeit, forty 
miles above the said falls, yt hath two branches, or other 
rivers,? that fall into yt: the head of the northermost comes 
from certaine steepe mountaines, that are said to be impass- 
able; the head of the other comes from high hills afar of, 
within the land, from the topps of which hills, the people 
saie they see another sea, and that the water is there salt; 
and the journey to this sea, from the falls, by their accompt, 
should be about ten daies, allowing, according to a march, 
some fourteen or sixteen miles a day.’ In the runing downe- 
ward, the river is enriched with many goodly brooks, which 
are maynteyned by an infinite number of small rundells and 
pleasant springs, that disperse themselves for best service, as 
doe the vaines of a man’s body. 

From the south side there falls into this river, first, the 


1 The falls at Richmond. 

2 The Appomatox and Chicamohominia rivers. 

8 This delusion seéins to have been entertained for many years; for in 
a work entitled the “The Discovery of New Brittaine”, published by 
John Stephenson, London, 1651, is a map in which “ the Sea of China 
and the Indies” is brought close under the Alleghany mountains, with 
the following information attached ;—“ Sir Francis Drake was on this sea 
and landed in anno 1577, in 87 degrees, where hee tooke possession in 
the namie of Quéen Eliza: calling it New Albion, whose happy shoers 
(in ten dayes march, with fifty foote and thirty horsemen, from the head 
of Jeames River, over those hills and through the rich adjacent valleyes, 
beautyfied with as proffitable rivers which necessarily must run into that 
peacefull Indian sea) may be discovered to the exceeding benefit of Great 
Brittaine, and joye of all true English.” 


INTO VIRGINIA. 35 


pleasant river of Appamatuck ; next (more to the east) are The by- 
the two rivers of Quiyoughcohanock ;! a little further is a (which we 


call yet by 


bay, wherein falleth three or four pretty brookes and creeks, theif owne 


7 names) fall- 


that half entrench the inhabitants of Warraskoyack ; then Ki itiver. 
the river of Nandsamund,’ and lastly, the brooke of Chesa- 
peak.* 

From the north side is the river of Chickahamania, the 
black river of James Towne; another by the Cedar Isle, 
wherein are great stoore of goodly oysters; then a conye- 
nient harbour for crayes,’ frygatts, or fisher-boates, at Ke- 
coughtan, the which By-Rill so conveniently turneth yt self 
into baies, coves, and creeks, that the place is made very 
pleasant thereby to inhabite, the corne fields being circled 
therein in manner as so many peninsulaes, The most of 
these by-rivers are inhabited by severall nations, or rather 
families, taking theire names from those rivers, and wherein 
a severall governour or weroance comaundeth. 

The first, and next the river’s mouthe, are the Kecough- 1 The severall 


inhabitants 


tans, then the Paspaheghes, the Arrohatecks, and the place upon, 1 
called Powhatan, On the south side of this river are the 
Appamatucks, the Quiyoughcohanocks, the Warraskoyacks, 

the Nandsamunds, the Chesapeaks; of this last place, the 

bay beareth his name. 

Fourteene miles norward from the river Powhatan, is the nd river, 
river Pamunck,° which we call the Prince’s River, navigable the Princes 
sixty or seventy miles with shippes of good burthen ; but 
with catches and small barkes, thirty or forty miles fur- 
ther. At the ordinary flowing of the salt water, yt devideth 
yt self, at Cinquoteck, into two gallant braunches: on the 


south braunch enhabite the people of Youghtamund ; on the 


1 Chipoak Creek. 2 Cobham Bay. 
3 Which still bears the same name. 

4 Probably Elizabeth river. 

5 Craiera ?—Old Romance. A hoy or smack.— Bailey. 

6 York river. 


Payauka- 
tanck or 
Moun 
mery river, 


36 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


,. north braunch, Mattapament. On the north syde of this river 


is Werowocomoco, where theire great kinge inhabited when 
we came first into the country. Ten or twelve miles lower, 
on the south side of this river, is Kiskiak ; these, as also 
Appamatuck, Orapaks, Arrohatack, and Powhatan, are their 
great king’s inheritance, chief alliance, and inhabitaunce. 
Upon Youghtamund is the seat of Powhatan’s three brethren, 
whome, we learne, are successively to govern after Powhatan, 
in the same dominions which Powhatan, by right of birth, as 
the elder brother, now holdes. The rest of the countryes 
under his comand, are (as they report) his conquests. 


Before we come to the third river, that falleth from the 


mountaines, there is another river, which takes not his birth 
or head so high, but is only some thirty miles navigable, and 
yssueth from out the riffs and breaches from the inland; the 
river is called Payankatank, the inhabitants whereof are but 
few (not now above forty or fifty), and are the remayne of 
the conquered Kecoughtans, whome he transported thither ; 
for in the yeare 1608, Powhatan surprised the naturall inha- 
bitaunce of Payankatank, his neighbours and subjects. The 
occasion was to us unknowne; but the manner was thus per- 
formed. First, he sent divers of his men to lodge amongst 
them one night, pretending a generall hunt, who were to 
give the allarum unto an ambuscado of a greater company 
within the woodes, who, upon the signe, given at the hower 
appointed, environed all the howses, and fell to the execution. 
Twenty-four men they kild outright (the rest escaping by 
fortune and their swift footmanship) ; and the long haire of 
the one side of their heads, with the skin cased off with shells 
or reedes, they brought away to Powhatan. They surprised 
also the women and childrene and the Weroance, all whome 
they presented to Powhatan. The lockes of haire, with their 
skynnes, they hanged on a lyne betweene two trees ; and of 
these Powhatan made ostentation, as of a greate triumphe, at 
Werowocomoco, not longe after, shewing them to such the 


| a 


INTO VIRGINIA. 37 


English as came unto him at his appointment, to trade with 
him for corne, thincking to have terrified them with this 
spectacle, and, in the midst of their amazement, to have 
seased them; but, God be praysed, yt wrought not feare but 
courage in our people, and awaked their discreations to stand 
upon their guard the more cautulously ; and, by that meanes, 
they came off agayne from him, contrary to his purpose. 
And let me truly saie, how they never killed man of ours, 
but by our men’s owne folly and indiscretion, suffering them- 
selves to be beguiled and enticed up into their howses, with- How our 


eople 
out their armes; when then (indeed) they have fallen uppon misearie 


them, and knockt out their braynes, or stuck them full of Indians, 
arrowes (no force) for their credulity. But of so many men 
which the common report, out of ignoraunce, gives out here 
to have been slayed by those Indians, I would but knowe if 
they can name me three men that they ever killed of ours in 
skirmish, fort or field, but by this kind of subtilty in them 
and weakness in ours; and whome the sword of justice would 


have cut off (had they escaped the Indians), for adventuring 


‘so amongst them, either against discipline and the charge 


given them, or, indeed, against common sense and duty unto 
their owne lyves. 

The third navigable river by the Naturalls of old was Brd river, 
called Opiscatumeck, of lateToppahanock, and we the Queen’s noc or the 
River ;? this is navigable some one hundred and thirty miles. "er 
At the top of yt inhabite the people called Mannahoacks, 
amongst the mountaynes, but they are above the place de- 
scribed in Captain Smithe’s mappe. Uppon this river, on 
the north side, are seated a people called Cuttatawomen, with 


thirty fighting men ; higher on the river are the Moraughta- 


cunds, with thirty able men; beyond them Toppahanock, with Te 
one hundred men; far above is another Cuttatawomen, with 
twenty men; on the south, far within the river, is Nand- 
taughtacund, having one hundred and fifty men; this river 

1 Now called Rappahannock river. 


38 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


also, as the former, hath her burthen extraordinary both of 
fish and fowle. 
4h river. The fourth river is called Patawomeck,} and we call Eliza- 
Thann’s Deth River, and is six or seven miles in breadth ; yt is navi- 
~ 2 gable one hundred and twenty miles, and fed, as the rest, with 
many sweet rivers and springs, which fall from the bordering 
hills; many of them are planted, and yeld noe lesse plentye 
and variety of fruict then the other rivers; yt exceedeth with 
aboundance of fish, and is inhabited on both sides: first, on 
the south side, at the very entrance, is Wighcocomoco, and 
Tr witants, Which hath some one hundred and thirty fighting men; be- 
yond that is Cekakawwon, with thirty men; then Onawma- 
nient, with one hundred men; then Satawomeck, with one 
hundred and sixty able men: here doth the river devide ytself 
into three or four convenient rivers ; the greatest of the least 
is called Quiyough, tending nor-west, but the river ytself 
turneth nor-east, and is still a navigable streme. On the 
westerne side of this bought? is Taxenent, with forty able men; 
somewhat further is Potapoco, with twenty men. In the east 
parte of the bought of the river is Pamacocack, with sixty 
men; after Moyoones, with one hundred men; and lastly, 
Nacothtank, with eighty able men. The river, ten miles 
above this place, maketh his passage downe a low pleasand 
valley, overshadowed in many places with high rocky moun- 
taines, from whence distill innumerable sweet and pleasant 
springs. 
Captain Within this river Captain Samuell Argoll, in a small river 
Argolls dis- which the Indians call Oeniho, anno 1610, trading in a bark 
meck river, Called the Discovery, for corne, with the great king of Pota- 
womeck, from him obteyned well neere four hundred bushells 
of wheat, pease, and beanes, beside many kind of furrs, for 
nyne pounds of copper, four bunches of leads, eight dozen of 
hatchetts, five dozen of knives, four bunches of bells, one 
dozen of cizers, all not much more than 40s. English ; as also 
1 The Potomac. ? The same as “bight’’, a bend or indentation. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 89 


from the said king’s brother Iopassous, king of a place called 
Pastanzo, recovered an English boy, called Henry Spilman, }» "2st 
who had lived amongst them one whole yeare, and despayring the Kine of 
of ever seeing his native country, his father’s howse, (for he oe 
was discended of a gentill family), or Christians any more ; 


likewise here Captain Argoll found a myne of antimonye antimony 


(which seldome goes unaccompanyed with quicksilver), as also ¢fieade. 
a kind of hevy black sand upon the bancks, which, being 
washed, weyed massy with lead. 

The fifte river is called Pawtuxunt, and is of a lesse pro- Patuxant 
portion then the rest, but the channell is sixteen or eighteen P Bale’ 
fathome deepe in some places ; here are infinite sculls of divers 
kynds of fish more than elsewhere. Upon this river dwell 
the people called Acquintanacsuck, Pawtuxunt, and Mattapa- T» 
ment ; two hundred men was the greatest strength that could 
be there perceaved by our discoveries, but they inhabite to- 
gither, and not so dispersed as the rest ; these, of all other, 
were found the most civile to give entertainment, and there- 
fore from them we receaved great curtesie and much good 
cheare. 

Thirtye leagues norward is a river not inhabited," yet navi- Venov cal! 
gable, by reason of the red earth or clay resembling bole- ™” 
armoniack ; the discoverers called yt Bolus. At the end of 
the bay (where is six or seven miles in breadth) there fall into 
yt four small rivers, three of them yssuyng from divers boggs, 
envyroned with divers mountaines. Uppon the river inhabite 
a people called the Sasquesahanougs ; they are seated two 
dayes higher then was passage for the discoverers’ barge ; how- The descrip. 
beyt, sixty of the Sasquesahanougs came to the discoverers ro 
with skynns, bowes, arrowes, targetts, swords, beades, and to- 
bacco-pipes for presents. Such great and well-proportioned 
men are seldome seene, for they seemed like giants to the 
English,—yea, and to the neighbours,—yett seemed of an 
honest and simple disposicion, with much adoe restrayned 


inhabitants. 


1 The Susquehannah river. 


40 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


from adoring the discoverers as gods. These are the most 
straung people of all those countryes, both in language and 
attire ; for their language yt may well beseeme their propor- 
tions, sounding from them as yt were a great voice in a vault 
or cave, as an eccoe: their attire is the skyns of beares and 
woulves ; some have cassocks made of beares’ hides and skyns, 
that a man’s neck goeth through the skynn’s neck, and the 
eares of the beare are fastened to his shoulders behind, the 
nose and teeth hanging downe his\brest, and at the end of 
the nose hangs a bear’s paw; the half sleeves cominge to the 
elboe were the necks of beares, and the armes through the 
mouth, with pawes hanging in a chaine for a jewell; his to-. 
baceo-pipe three quarters of a yard long, prittely carved with 
a bird, a deare, or with some such devise, at the great end, 
sufficient to beat out the braynes of an horse.. Likewise their 
bowes, and arrowes, and clubbs, are sutable to their greatnes ; 3 
these are scarse knowne to Powhatan. They can make well 
neare 600 able and mightie men, and are pallisadode in their 
townes to defend them from the Massawomecks, their mortall 
enemyes. Five of these chief Weroances came abourd the 
discoverers, and crossed the bay with them in their barge: the 
picture of the greatest of them is here portrayed [See plate]: 
the calf of whose leg was three quarters of a yard about, and 
all the rest of his lymes so answerable to that proportion, that 
he seemed the goodliest man they ever sawe ; his haire the 
one syde was long, the other shorne close, with a ridge over 
his crowne like a coxcomb; his arrowes were five quarters 
long, headed with flints or splinters of stonés, in forme like a 
heart, an ince broad, and an ynch and a half or more long ; 
these he wore in a woolve’s skyn on his back for his quiver, 
his bow in the one hand and-his club ‘in the other. 
Tockwogh, On the east side of the bay, is the river of Tockwough,!' and 
call' Sydney uppon yt a people that can. make a hundred men, seated 
some seven miles within the. ‘iver, where they have a fort 


1 Chester river. 


Fiched by Sarah £. Major. 


From De Bry. 


a4 


i 


INTO VIRGINIA. 41 


very well pallisadode, and mantelled with the bark of trees; 

next to them are the Ozinies, with sixty men; more to the 

south of that east side of the bay, is the river of Kuscara- 

woak,' upon which is seated a people with two hundred men; 

after that, is the river of Wicocomaco,’ and on it a people 

with one hundred men. ‘The people of these rivers are of a 

little stature, and of another language from the rest, and 

very rude; but they on the river of Accohanock,? with forty {c°Rea°* 
men, and they on the river of Accomack, with eighty men, Kuscare: 
doe equallize any of the territories of Powhatan, and speak Wigheow. 
his language, who, over all those, doth rule as kinge. al 

_ Southward, they went to some parts of Chawonock and the {haven 
Mangoangs, to search them there left by Sir Walter Raleigh; 

which parts, to the towne of Chesapeack, hath formerly 

bene discovered by Mr. Harriotts and Sir Ralph Lane.‘ 
Amongst those people, are thus many severall nations, of 

sondry languages, which environ Powhatan’s territories : the Severall 


nations, 


Chawonocks, the Mangoangs, the Monacans, the Mannacans, jo) eres, 


the Mannahocks, the Sasquesahanougs, the Acquanachuks, 

the Tockwoghes, and the Nuskarawaoks. Of all these, not 

any one understandeth another, but by interpreters; their 

severall habitations are more plainly described by the annexed 4 <¥ 
mappe, set forth by Captain Smith, of whose paines taken Smyth, vide 
herein, I leave to the censure of the reader to judge. Sure I cata 
am there will not returne from thence, in hast, any one who 

hath bene more industrious, or who hath had (Captain Geo. inten 
Percie excepted®) greater experience amongst them, however. 
misconstruction maye traduce here at home, where is not 


1 Choptank river. 2 This river still bears the same name. 

3 This river still bears the same name. 

4 He accompanied Sir Richard Grenville as Lieutenant-master in his 
voyage of 1585. 

5 Captain George Percy held the temporary presidency of the colony 
on two occasions, viz., on the departure of Captain John Smith in 1609, 
and on the return of Lord Delawarr to England, on account of ill health, 
in 1611. 


G 


From 
Accowmack 
to Sachade- 
hoc, our 
coast all the 
way disco- 
vered by 
Capt. Gos- 
noll and 
Capt. 
Argoll. 


42 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


easily seene the mixed sufferaunces, both of body and mynd, 
which is there daylie, and with no few hazards and hearty 
griefes undergon. 

The mappe will likewise present to the eye the way of the 
mountaynes, and current of the rivers, with their severall 
turnings, bayes, shoulders, isles, inletts, and creekes, the 
breadth of the waters, the distances of places, and such like. 
In which mappe, observe this, that, as far as you see the little 
crosses, either rivers, mountaines, or other places, have dis- 
covered; the rest was had by informacion of the salvadges, 
and are set downe accordinge to their instruccions. 

Likewise, from the north point of our bay, which (as afore- 
said) the Indians call Accowmack, and we Cape Charles, 
hath the coast all along bene discovered, even to the river 
of Sachadehoc ; for Captain Argoll, in his returne from the 
search of the Bermudas, anno 1610, after he had lost Sir 
George Somers, 28 July, in a dangerous fogg, well beaten 
to and fro, fell with the mayne, standinge for Cape Cod, and 
made good, from 44 degrees, what Captayne Bartho. Gosnoll!' 
and Captayne Waymouth? wanted in their discoveries, ob- 
serving all along the coast, and drawing the plotts thereof, as 
he steered homewardes, unto our bay ; and divers tymes went 
ashore, offering acquaintaunce and trade unto the people: 
and in the latitude of 39 discovered another goodly bay,’ 


1 In 1602 Captain Gosnold sailed with thirty-two men direct across 
the ocean and came upon the coast of Massachusetts, and after sailing 
onward some time, reached a bold promontory, which, from the great 
quantity of fish caught in the vicinity, he named Cape Cod ; thence, 
“trending the coast southerly,” he entered Buzzard’s Bay, adjoining 
Rhode island, which he named “ Gosnold’s Hope.” See “A briefe and true 
relation of the discoverie of the north part of Virginia made this present 
year.” By J. Brereton. 1602, 4to. 

2 See a narrative of this voyage, in a work entitled “ A true relation 
of the most prosperous voyage made this present yeare 1605, by Captain 
George Waymouth in the discovery of the land of Virginia. Written by 
J. Rosier, a gentleman employed in the voyage. Londini, impensis Geo. 
Bishop. 1605, 4to. _ 3 Delaware Bay. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 43 


into which fell many tayles of faire and large rivers, and 
which might make promise of some westerly passage; the 
cape whereof, in 384, he called Cape Lawar,! from which, not 
far off, lay a faier banck into the sea, as upon the Newfound- 
land, where he hawled excellent fish, both hollibut, cod, and 
ling, of which he brought an essay and tast of two hundred 
couple into the colony ; an excellent fish, and of such a kind 
that will keepe a whole yeare in shipp’s hold, with little care, 
a triall whereof his lordshippe likewise brought with him into 
England; and uppon the shoares, in divers places, he killed 
great store of seales. 

Concerninge the falling with our owne coast, yt is true Mo") 
that there cannot be a bolder shoare to come in, withall, in sige 
any country in the world ; for, first, before we come in sight 
of yt thirty leagues, we smell a sweet savour, as is usually 
from off Cape Vincent, the south cape of Spayne (if the wynd 
come from the shoare) ; besides, we have chaunge of water, 
and sounding at twenty-five fathoms, twenty leagues off. 

The coast of South Virginia, from Cape Henry, lieth south 773.0%" 
and north, next hand some seven leagues, where there goeth “"""* 
in a river? (as is neerest gessed by the Chawonocks and Man- 
goangs), but it is not navigable far; all along this coast, for 
seven leagues, we have seven and eight fathome of water, 
within one league of the shoare, one not farre. More to the 
southward of this in-lett river, is a cape of an island called 
Croatoan, which cape is that which we call the South Cape 
of Virginia ; beyond which cape, so-ward and no-west of this 
cape, or Croatoan, lye certayne smale islands (as before 
remembred), that front the coast of the mayne ; but the sea 
betweene the mayne and them, is not for any shipping to 
passe, Into this shallow sea, there falls divers rivers from 
the mayne, which the salvadges have discribed unto us, and 
plentye of people thereon. 

If we come in with the Chesapeak Bay open, our sound- 


1 Now Cape Henlopen. 2 Currituck Inlet. 


The sy ae 
of phbar bay 


eannall, 


How our 
two Capes 
do beare. 


Point Com- 
fort conve- 
nient and 
necessary 


Pance civi- 


tates novint 


originem. 


4A. HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


ings are fifteene fathome to five ; but if we hit the channell, 
we have no lesse than seven or eight fathome ; soe yt is all 
over bold inough, having neither ledges of rocks, no barres, 
no sandy shelfes, but the bottom even and plaine. 

Our two capes, Cape Henry and Cape Charles, doe lye no- 
east and by east, and so-west ; and they be distant each from 
other, in breadth (where the sea runs in befweene both lands, 
so making our bay, and only entrance into our country), as 
broad as may be betweene Quinborowgh and Lee. 

When we come in with Cape Henry, we have six, seven, 
, and eight fathome, to the point at the bottome of the bay 
eer mouthe of King’s River, into which all shippes that will 
enter, must borrowe soe much of the shoare, as to come 
within little lesse then musquett shott of the point, byt reason 
of the showldes lying uppon the sotherne shoare ; by which 
may be observed howe convenient and necessary a pointe. 
that is for a substanciall fortificacion to be raised, to secure all 
the other forts and townes upon this river from what enemies 
soever. 


CAPUT III. 


Of the begynning and originall of the people; the great King Powhatan, 
his description, and sale of his birthright to the English, 
Ir were, perhappes, to curious a thing to demand, how these 
people might come first, and from whome, and whence, to 
inhabite these so far remote, westerly parts of the world, 
having no intercourse with Africa, Asia, or Europe? And, 
considering the whole world, so many yeares (by all know- 
ledg receaved) was supposed to be only conteyned and cir- 
cumscribed in the discovered and knowne travayled bounds 
of those three, according to that old conclusion in the scholes : 
Quicquid preter Africam et Europam est, Asia est,—whatso- 
ever land doth neither apperteyne unto Africk nor to Europe, 


ae 


INTO VIRGINIA. 45 


is part of Asia. As also to question how that it should be, 
that they (if descended from the people of the first creation) 
should maintayne so generall and grosse a defection from the 
true knowledg of God, with one kind, as it were, of rude and 
savadge lief, customes, manners, and religion, it being to be 
graunted that (with us), infallably they had one and the 
same discent and begynninge from the universall deluge, in 
the scattering of Noah, his children, and nephewes,! with their 
families (as little colonies), some to one, some to other borders 
of the earth, to dwell; as in Egypt (so writing Berosus’), 
Esenius and his household tooke up their inhabitation ; in 
Libia and Cyrene, Tritanes ; and in all the rest of Africa, 
Jupetus Priscus; Attalaas in the east Asia; Ganges, with 
some of Comerus Gallus’ childrene, in Arabia Felix, within 
the confines of Sabea, called the frankincense-bearer ; Canaan 
in Damascus, unto the utmost bounds of Palestine. 

But it is observed, that Cham‘ and his famely were the 
only far travellers and straglers into divers and unknowne 
countryes, searching, exploring, and sitting downe in the 
same; as also it is said of his famely, that what countrye 
soever the childrene of Cham happened to possesse, there 
beganne both the ignoraunce of true godliness, and a kind 
of bondage and slavery to be taxed one upon another; and 
that noe inhabited countries cast forth greater multitudes to 
range and stray into divers remote regions, then that parte 
of Arabia in which Cham himself (constrayned to flye, with 
wief and childrene, by reason of the mocking he had done to 

1 ¢.e. grandsons. 

2 Berosus, a Chaldwan, astronomer, and historian, and priest of Belus, 
lived, it is thought, about the time of Alexander. Some consider the 
astronomer and historian different persons. In 1545, Annius of Viterbo, 
published a history, in five books, under the name of Berosus, the falsity 
of which was soon discovered. It is from this spurious publication that 
Strachey derives his learning on the subject of the dispersion of the des- 
cendants of Noah. See said work, under the division, ‘Genealogia pri- 


morum ducum post diluvium.” 
3 Ham. 


46 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE~ 


his father) tooke into possession ; so great a misery (saieth 
Boem of Auba’) brought to mankind the unsatisfied wander- 
ing of that one man; for, first from him, the ignorance of 
the true worship of God tooke beginninge, the inventions of 
heathenisme, and adoration of falce gods, and the devill; for 
he himself, not applying him to learne from his father the 
knowledg and prescribed worship of the eternall God, the 
God of his fathers; yet, by a fearefull and superstitious in- 
stinct of nature, carryed to ascribe unto some supernaturall 
power a kind of honour and reverence not divout, to knowe 
the essence and quality of that power, taught his successours 
newe and devised manner of God’s sacrifices and ceremonies, 
and which he might the easier impresse into the childrene, 
by reason they were carryed with him so yong awaye from 
the elders, not instructed nor seasoned first in theire true 
customes and religion. Insomuch as then we may conclude 
that, from Cham and his tooke birth and beginninge the first 
universall confusion and diversity which ensewed afterwards 
throughout the whole world, especially in divine and sacred 
matters; whilst it is said againe of the childrene of Sem and 
Japhet, how they, being taught by their elders, and content 
with their owne lymitts and confines, not travelling beyond 
them into new countries, as the other, retayned still, untill 
the comynge of the Messias, the only knowledge of the eter- 
nall and never-changeable Trinity. 

By all which, it is very probable, likewise, that both in the 
trayailes and idolatry of the famely of Cham, this portion of 
the world westward from Africa, upon the Atlantique sea, 
became both peopled and instructed in the forme of the pro- 
phane worship, and of an unknowen deity. Nor is yt to be 
wondered at, where the abused Trinity of religion is suffered 


1 Johannes Bohemius Aubanus, so named from his birth-place, Aub 
or Auw, a town situated on the Gollach in Bavaria. See his work as 
translated by Lucio Fauno into Italian, “Gli Costumi, le Leggi et Usanze 
di tutte le Genti.” Venice, 1560. Lib. i, cap. 1. 


|) 


bh 


INTO VIRGINIA. 47 


to perish, if men, in their owne inventions and lives, become 
so grosse and barbarous, as (by reading the processe of this 
history will hardly be perceaved) what difference maye be 
betweene them and brute beasts, sometymes worshipping 
brute beasts, naie, things more vile, and abhorring the in- 
bredd motions of nature it self, with such headlong and 
bloudye ceremonies of will and act. 

But how the vagabond race of Cham might discend into 
this newe world without furniture (as maye be questioned) of 
shipping, and meanes to tempt the seas, togither how this 
great continent, devided from the other three, should become 
stoared with beasts, and some fowle, of one and the same 
kind with the other parts, especially with lions, beares, deare, 
wolves, and such like, as from the first creation tooke begin- 
ninge in their kind, and after the generall flood were not 
anewe created, nor have their begynning or generation (as 
some other) ea putredine et sole, by corruption and heat, let 
me referre the reader to the search of Acosta, in his i. booke, 
cap. 20, 21, of his morrall and naturall history of the West 
Indies; who hath so officyously laboured herein, as he should 
but bring owles to Athens, who should study for more strayned 
or newe authority concerning the same. 

Thus much, then, maie, in brief, be said and allowed con- 
cerning their originall or first begynning in generall, and 
which maye well reach even downe unto the particular inha- 
bitants of this particuler region by us discovered, who cannot 
be any other then parcell of the same and first mankynd. 


Concerning themselves more especyally, and their division, Virinia 


j 1 alled 
as we find them in these provinces where we are, we maye fu"... 


well say how this tract or portion of land, which we call Vir- 
ginia Britannia,—by the inhabitants, as aforesaid, Isenacom- 
macah,—is governed, in chief, by a great kinge, by them 
called by sondry names, according to his divers places, qua- 
lities, or honours by himself obteyned amongst them, either 
for his valour, his government, or some such like goodnes, 


macah by 
the natur- 
alls. 


Powhatan, 
the great 
king, when 
borne an 
how discen- 
ded into so 


Powhatan 
sells his 


The 
bownds of 
the great 
King's 
empire, 


48 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


which they use to admire and comend to succeeding tymes 
with memorable titles, and so comonly they of greatest 
merritt amongst them aspire to many names. 

The great emperour at this time amongst them, we com- 


a ondly call Powhatan, for by that name, true yt is, he was 


made knowne unto us when we arrived in the country first, 
and so, indeed, he was generally called when he was a yong 
man, as taking his denomination from the country Powhatan, 
wherin he was borne, which is above the Falls, as before men- 
tioned, right over aneinst the islands, at the head of our river, 
and which place, or birth-right of his, he sold, anno 1609, 
about September, unto Captain Francys West, our lord gene- 
rall’s brother, who therefore erected there a fort, calling yt 
West’s Fort, and sate himself down there with one hundred 
and twenty English ; the inhabitants themselves, especially 
his frontier neighbour prince, call him still Powhatan; his 
owne people sometimes call him Ottaniack, sometyme Mama- 
natowick, which last signifies “ great king”; but his proper 
right name, which they salute him with (himself in presence), 
is Wahunsenacawh. 

The greatnes and boundes of whose empire, by reason of 
his powerfulnes and ambition in his youth, hath larger lymitts 
then ever had any of his predicessors in former tymes, for he 
seemes to comaund south and north from the Mangoages and 
Chawonoaks bordering upon Roanoake, and the Old Virginia, 
to Tockwogh, a towne pallisadode, standing at the north end 
of the bay, in forty degrees or thereabouts; south-west to 
Anoeg (not expressed in the mappe), whose howses are built 
as ours, ten daies distant from us, from whence those Wero- 
ances sent unto him of their comodityes ; as Weinock, a ser- 
vant, in whom Powhatan reposed much trust, would tell our 
elder planters, and could repeat many wordes of their lan- 
guage he had learned among them in his ymployment thither 
for his kinge, and whence he often returned, full of presents, 
to Powhatan, west to Monahassanugh, which stands at the 


INTO VIRGINIA, . 49 


foote of the mountaines; nor-west to the borders of Massa- 
womeck and Bocootawwonough, his enemyes; nor-east and 
by east to Accohanock, Accowmack, and some other petty 
nations, lying on the east side of our bay. 

He hath divers seates or howses; his chief, when we came ee 
into the country, was upon Pamunky River, on the north side Bowhalan's 
or Pembrook side, called Werowocomoco, which, by interpre- fret lutea. 
tacion, signifies kinges’-howse ; howbeit, not liking to neigh- 
bour so neere us, that house being within some fifteen or six- 
teen miles where he saw we purposed to hold ourselves, and Removed 
from whence, in six or seven howers, we were able to visite thenoe, and 
him, he removed, and ever since hath most what kept at a 
place in the desarts called Orapaks, at the top of the river 
Chickahamania, betweene Youghtamund and Powhatan. He powhatan's 
is a goodly old man, not yet shrincking, though well beaten iia 
with many cold and stormye winters, in which he hath bene 
patient of many necessityes and attempts of his fortune to 
make his name and famely great. He is supposed to be little 
lesse than eighty yeares old, I dare not saye how much more; 
others saye he is of a tall stature and cleane lymbes, of a sad 
aspect, rownd fatt visaged, with graie haires, but plaine and 
thin, hanging upon his broad showlders; some few haires upon 
his chin, and so on his upper lippe: he hath bene a strong and 
able salvadge, synowye, and of a daring spirit, vigilant, ambi- 
tious, subtile to enlarge his dominions: for, but the coun- 
tryes Powhatan, Arrohatock, Appamatuck, Panunky, Yought- 
amund, and Mattapamient, which are said to come unto him 
by inheritance, all the rest of the territories before named 
and expressed in the mappe, and which are all adjoyning to 
that river whereon we are seated, they report (as is likewise 
before remembred) to have been eyther by force subdued unto 
him, or through feare yeilded: cruell he hath bene, and quar- 
rellous as well with his owne weroances for triffles, and that 
to strike a terrour and awe into them of his power and con- 


1 Chicamahominia, 


His feare 
of us. 


His 
subteltie. 


50 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


dicion, as also with his neighbours in his yonger days, though 
now delighted in security and pleasure, and therefore stands 
upon reasonable condicions of peace with all the great and 
absolute weroances about him, and is likewise more quietly 
settled amongst his owne, 

Watchfull he is over us, and keepes good espyall upon our 
proceedings, concerning which he hath his sentinells, that at 
what tyme soever any of our boats, pinacies, or shippes, come 
in, fall downe, or make up the river, give the alarum, and take 
it quickly one from the other, untill it reach and come even 
to the court or hunting howse, wheresoever he and his cro- 
noccoes, that is, councellours, and priests are, and then he calls 
to advise, and gives out direccions what is to be done, as more 
fearing then harmed, at any tyme, with the danger and mis- 
chief which he saith we intend unto him, by taking awaye 
his land from him and conspiring to surprize him, which we 
never yet ymagined nor attempted, and yet, albeit, the con- 
ceipt of as much strongly possesseth him : he doth often send 
unto us to temporize with us, awayting perhapps a fit oppor- 
tunity (inflamed by his furious and bloudy priests) to offer 
us a tast of the same cuppe which he made our poore country- 
men drinck of at Ronoak,' not yet seeming willing to hold 
any open quarrell or hostility with us; but in all advantages 
which he sometymes takes against our credulous and beguiled 
people, he hath yet alwaies so carried as, uppon our complaint 
to him, yt is rather layed uppon.some of his worst and un- 
ruly people of which he tells us; even our King James 
(commaunding so many divers men) must have some irregu- 
ler and unruly people, or ells uppon some of his pettie 
weroances, whome, peradventure, we have attempted (saieth 
he) with offences of the like nature, then that yt is any act 
of his, or done by his commaund, or according to his will, 
often flattering us that he will take order that it shall be no 
more soe, but that the Tassantasses, that is, the stranger 
King James his people, and his people shalbe all one, bro- 

1 The colony planted by Sir Walter Raleigh, which Powhatan destroyed. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 51 


thers and friends; and thus he served us, at what time he 
wrought the Chickahamines (a nation, as we have learned 
before the cominge in of us, so far from being his subjects, 
as they were ever his enemies) into a hatred of us (being a 
mighty people and our neighbours), and us into the suspition 
of them, by urging them to betray such of our men as traded 
with them for corne, three whereof (yt is true) they slew 
without cause or offence given, and had done as much for 
the rest, had not their owne feare and cowardize withheld 
them, and this he wholly laid uppon them, excusing himself 
to us by their nomber and unrulines, yea, soe far he will goe 
herein sometyme, that when some of his people have done us 
wrong, and by his provoking too, he will not faile underhand, 
after the fact, to tell us the authers of our wrong, giving us 
leave, and bidding us revendge us upon them, of such sub- 
tile understanding and pollitique carriage is he. 

In all his ancyent inheritances he hath howses built after His attena- 
their manner, and at every howse provision for his enter- 8"? 
tainment according to the tyme. About his person ordinarily 
attendeth a guard of forty or fifty of the tallest men his coun- 
try doe affourd. Every night, upon the four quarters of his 
howse, are four centinells drawen forth, each standing from 
other a flight shott; and at every half houre, one from the 
corps du guard doth hallowe, unto whome every sentinell 
returnes answere round from his stand; yf any fayle, an 
officer is presentlye sent forth that beateth him extreamlye. 

The word weroance, which we call and conster for a king, the mean- 
is a comon word, whereby they call all comaunders, for they word wero- 
have but fewe words in their language, and but few occasions wars 
to use any officers more then one comaunder, which comonly 
they call weroance. 

It is strange to see with what great feare and adoration all The dutie 
this people doe obey this Powhatan, for at his feete they pre- rem 


sent whatsoever he comaundeth, and at the least frowne of Krein, 


unto this 


his brow the greatest will tremble, yt may be, because he is Pownatan. 


52 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


very terrible, and inexorable in punishing such as offend 
him; for example, he caused certaine malefactors, at what 
tyme Captain Smith was prisoner with him, (and to the sight 

re mun whereof Captain Smith, for some purpose, was brought,) to 

ius." be bound hand and foote, when certaine officers appointed 
therunto, having from many fiers gathered great store of 
burning coales, raked the coales rounde in forme of a cock- 
pitt, and in the middst they cast the offenders to broyle to 
death. Some tymes he causeth the headds of them that offend 
to be layd upon the aulter or sacrificing stone, and one or 
two, with clubbs, beat out their braynes. When he would 
punish any notorious enemye or trespasser, he causeth him 
to be tyed to a tree, and with muscle-shells or reedes the 
executioner cutteth off his joints one after another, ever cast- 
ing what is cutt of into the fier; then doth he proceede with 
shells and reedes to case the skyn from his head and face ; 
after which they rip up his belly, teare out his bowells, and 
so burne him with the tree and all. Thus themselves re- 
ported, that they executed an Englishman, one George Caw- 
son, whom the women enticed up from the barge unto their 
howses, at a place called Appocant. Howbeit, his ordinary 
correction is to have an offender, whome he will only punish 
and not put to death, to be beatten with cudgells as the Turks 
doe. We have seene a man kneeling on his knees, and, at 
Powhatan’s commaund, two men have beaten him on the 
bare skyn till the skyn have ben all bollen and blistered, and 
all on a goare blood, and till he hath fallen senceles in a 
swound, and yet never cryed, complayned, nor seemed to ask 
pardon, for that they seldom doe. 

And sure yt is to be wondred at, how such a barbarous and 
uncivill prince should take unto him (adorned and sett forth 
with no greater outward ornament and munificence) a forme 
and ostentation of such maiestie as he expresseth, which often- 
tymes strikes awe and sufficyent wonder in our people pre- 
senting themselves before him, but such is (I believe) the 


Etched by Sarah E. Major: 


From Capt "John Smiths Map. 


POWHATAN SURROUNDED BY HIS WIVES. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 53 


impression of the Divine nature, and however these (as other 
heathens forsaken by the true light) have not that porcion of 
the knowing blessed Christian spiritt, yet I am perswaded 
there is an infused kind of divinities and extraordinary (ap- 
pointed that it shall be so by the King of kings) to such who 
are his ymedyate instruments on earth (how wretched soever 
otherwise under the curse of misbelief and infidelity), as it is 
in the psalme, Divi vos sicut Dij estis, to governe and dwell 
in the eyes and countenances of princes. Somewhat maye 
this catagraph or portrature following serve to expresse the 
presentment of this great king Powhatan.' 

According to the order and enstome of sensuall Hacer ee 
isme, in the allowance of poligamie, he may have as many ¥°°™ 
women as he will, and hath (as is supposed) many more then 
one hundred, all which he doth not keepe, yet as the Turk, 
in one seraglia or howse, but hath an appointed number, which 
reside still in every their severall places, amongst whome, 
when he lyeth on his bedd, one sittith at his head and another 
at his feet; but when he sitteth at meat, or in presenting 
himself to any straungers, one sitteth on his right hand, and 
another on his leaft, as is here expressed [See plate]. 

Of his women, there are said to be aboute some dozen at 
this present, in whose company he takes more delight then 
in the rest, being for the most parte very young women, and 
these commonly remove with him from howse to howse, 
eyther in his tyme of hunting, or visitacion of his severall 
howses. I obteyned their names from one Kemps, an Indian, 
who died the last yeare of the surveye at Jamestowne, after 
he had dwelt with us almost one whole yeare, much made of 
by our lord generall, and who could speake a pretty deale of 
our English, and came orderly to church every day to prayers, 
and observed with us the keeping of the Sabbothe, both by 
ceassing from labour and repairing to church. The names of 
the women I have not thought altogither amisse to sett downe 
as he gave them unto me, and as they stood formost in his 


1 The portrait is not given. 


54 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


king’s affection, for they observe certaine degrees of greatnes 
according to the neerenes they stand in their prince’s love 
and amorous entertainment. 


Thenam _Winganuske. Attosomiske. Ortoughnoiske. 

hisweomen. — Ashetoiske. Ponnoiske. Oweroughwough. 
Amopotoiske. Appomosiscut. Ottermiske. 
Ottopomtacke. Appimmoiske. Memeoughquiske. 

His _- He was reported by the said Kemps, as also by the Indian 


Machumps, who was sometyme in England, and comes to and 
fro amongst us as he dares, and as Powhatan gives him leave, 
for yt is not otherwise safe for him, no more then yt was for 
one Amarice, who had his braynes knockt out for selling but 
a baskett of corne, and lying in the English fort two or three 
daies without Powhatan’s leave; I say they often reported 
Twenty unto us that Powhatan had then lyving twenty sonnes and 
daughters. ten daughters, besyde a young one by Winganuske, Ma- 
chumps his sister, and a great darling of the king’s ; and be- 
sides, younge Pocohunta, a daughter of his, using sometyme 
to our fort in tymes past, nowe married to a private captaine, 
called Kocoum, some two yeares since. 
As he is weary of his women, he bestoweth them on those 
Upon his that best deserve them at his hands. When he dineth or 
jostled suppeth, one of his women, before and after meat, bringeth 


Tak. him water, in a woodden platter, to wash his hands ; another 
waiting, with a bunch of feathers, to wipe them instead of a 
towell; and the feathers, when he hath wiped, are washed 
and dryed again. 

At Orepaks A mile from Oropaks, in a thickett of wood, he hath a 

riches. _principall howse, in which he keepeth his kind of treasure, as 
skynnes, copper, perle, and beades, which he storeth upp 
against the tyme of his death and buryall; here is also his 
store of red paint for oyntment, and bowes, and arrowes. 
This howse is fifty or sixty yards in length, frequented only 
by priests. At the four corners of this howse stand four 
images, not as Atlants or Telamones, supporters to beare up 


INTO VIRGINIA. 55 


pillers, posts, or somewhat ells in the stately building ; nor, 
as in the auncient tymes, the images and pedegrees of the 
whole stock or family were wont to be sett in portches or the 
first entrance into howses, with a porter of specyall trust, who 
had the chardge of keeping and looking unto them, called 
Atrienses ; but these are meerely sett as carefull sentinells 
(for sooth) to defend and protect the howse (for soe they be- 
lieve of them) ; one is like a dragon ; another like a beare ; 
the third like a leopard ; and the fourth a giant-like man, all 
made evill favoured ynough according to their best workman- 
shippe. 


CAPUT IV. 


A catalogue of the severall weroances’ names, with the name of the parti- 
culer province wherein they govern, togither with what forces for 
the present they are able to furnish their great king, Powhatan, in 
his warrs. 


Tur great king Powhatan hath devided his countrey into The country 
A . evided into 
many provinces or shiers (as yt were), and over every one many a 
.  Shyres, an 
placed a severall absolute weroance or comaunder, to him @ wero- 


aunce or 


contributary to governe the people, ther to inhabite ; and his msyan 
petty weroances, in all, may be in number about three or oem 
fower and thirty, all which have theire precincts and bowndes, 
proper and comodiously appointed out, that no one intrude 
uppon the other of severall forces ; and for the ground wherein 
each one soweth his corne, plante his apoke’ and gardeine 
fruicts, he tithes to the great king of all the comodityes 
growing in the same, or of what ells his shiere brings forth 
apperteyning to the lands or rivers, corne, beasts, perle, fowle, 
fish, hides, furrs, copper, beades, by what meanes soever ob- 
teyned, a peremptory rate sett downe as shal be mencioned 

in the sixth chapter ; nor have I thought yt altogether amisse 


1 ¢.e. tobacco. See glossary at the end of this volume. 


56 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


to remember here, and offer to consideracion (for all after 
occasions), a cathologue of the several weroances’ names, with 
the denominatyon of the particuler shier (as aforesaid) wherein 
they governe togither, with what forces, for the present, they 
are able to send unto the warrs. Upon Powhatan, or the 
_ King’s river, are seated as followeth :— 

1. Parahunt, one of Powhatan’s sonnes, whome we there- 
fore call Tanxpowatan, which is as much to say Little Pow- 
hatan, and is weroance of the country which hath his owne 
name, called Powhatan, lying (as before mencioned) close 
under the Falls, bordering the Monacans, and he maye at the 
present be furnished with fifty fighting and ready men. 

2. Ashuaquid, weroance of Arrohateck, sixty men. 

3. Coquonasum, weroance of Appamatuck, one hundred men. 

4. Opussoquionuske, sister to Coquonasum, a weroancqua, 
or queene of a little muscaram or small village of Appama- 
tuck, not unlike an ancyent Episcata Villatica,! and she was 
of power to have spared, uppon comaund, some twenty able 
fighting men. Howbeyt, her towne we burnt, and killed 
some of her people, herself miscarieng with small shott in 
pursuit in the woods in wynter 1610, for a treacherous mas- 
sacre which she practized upon fourteen of our men, whome 
she caused her people to invite up into her towne, to feast 
and make merry, entreating our men before hand to leave 
their armes in their boate, because they said how their 
women would be afrayd ells of their peeces. 

5. Kaquothocun, weroance of Weanock, one hundred men. 

6. Oholase, queene of Coiacohanauke, which we comonly 
(though corruptly) call Tapahanock, and is the same which 
Captain Smith, in his mappe, calls Quiyoughcohanock, on 
the south shoare, or Salisbury syde, whose sonne, being yet 
younge, shal be, by Powhatan’s appointment, weroance of the 
said Quiyoughcohanock : his name is Tatahcoope. The wero- 


1 This (to the editor unintelligible) word is repeated in the duplicate 
copy of the MS. in the Ashmolean museum at Oxford, 


INTO VIRGINIA. 57 


ance Pepiscummah (whome by construction as well the In- 
dians as we call Pipisco) was somtyme possessed in right of 
this part, as by birth and possession discended the true and 
lawfull weroance of the same, but upon a displeasure which 
Powhatan conceaved against him, in that the said Pipisco, 
and that not many yeares synce, had stollen away a chief 
woman from Opechankeno (one of Powhatan’s brothers), he 
was deposed from that regiment, and the aforesaid Tatacope 
(a supposed sonne of Powhatan’s, by this said Queene Oho- 
lase) made weroance, who, being yet young (as is said), is 
for the most part in the governement of Chopoke, at Cha- 
wopo, one of Pipiscoe’s brothers ; yet is Pipisco suffered to 
retaine in this his country a little small kaasun, or village, 
uppon the rivadge of the streame, with some few people about 
him, keeping the said woman still, whome he makes his best 
beloved, and she travells with him upon any remove, in hunt- 
ing tyme, or in his visitacion of us, by which meanes, twice 


or thrice in a sommer, she hath come unto our towne; nor is 


so handsome a savadge woman as I have seene amongst them, 
yet, with a kind of pride, can take upon her a shewe of great- 
nes ; for we have seene her forbeare to come out of her quin- 
tan or boat through the water, as the other, both mayds and 
married women, usually doe, unles she were carryed forth 
betweene two of her servants. I was once early at her howse 
(yt being sommer tyme), when she was layed without dores, 
under the shadowe of a broad-leaved tree, upon a pallett of 
osiers, spred over with four or five fyne grey matts, herself 
covered with a faire white drest deare skynne or two; and 
when she rose, she had a mayd who fetcht her a frontall of 
white currall, and pendants of great but imperfect couloured 
and worse drilled pearles, which she put into her eares, and 
a chayne, with long lyncks of copper, which they call Ta- 
poantaminais, and which came twice or thrice about her neck, 
and they accompt a jolly ornament; and sure thus attired, 
with some variety of feathers and flowers stuck in their haires, 
I 


58 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


they seeme as debonaire, quaynt, and well pleased as (I wis) 
a daughter of the howse of Austria behune! with all her 
jewells; likewise her mayd fetcht her a mantell, which they 
call puttawus, which is like a side cloake, made of blew feathers, 
so arteficyally and thick sowed togither, that it seemed like a 
deepe purple satten, and is very smooth and sleeke ; and after 
she brought her water for her hands, and then a braunch or 
twoo of fresh greene asshen leaves, as for a towell to dry 
them. I offend in this digression the willinger, since these 
were ceremonyes which I did little looke for, carrying so much 
presentement of civility, and which are not ordinarily per- 
fourmed to any other amongst them, and the Quiyoughco- 
hanocks may be able to make for the wars sixty fighting 
men. 

8. Tackonekintaco, an old weroance of Warraskoyack, 
whome Captain Newport brought prisoner with his sonne 
Tangoit, about * 1610, to our lord generall, lying then 
at Point Comfort, and whome againe his lordship released 
upon promises and a sollemne contract, made by the old man, 
to exchange with his lordship, after he should have gathered 
in his harvest, in August following, five hundred bushells of 
wheate, beanes, and pease, for copper, beades, and hatchetts ; 
and for the better coulour (carrying away his sonne) and left 
a nephew (as he said) of his with his lordshippe, as a pawne 
or hostage, untill the perfourmaunce ; howbeit, the imposture 
nephew, privie before hand to the falcehood of the old man, 
watchinge his opportunity, leapt over bord one night (being 
kept in the Delawarr) ; and to be more sure of him at that 
tyme, fettered both leggs togither, and a sea gowne uppon 
him, yet he adventured to get clier by swiming, and either to 
recover the south shoare, or to sinck in the attempt. Which of 
either was his fortune we knowe not, only (if he miscarried) 
we never found his body nor gowne, and the Indians of War- 
raskoyack would often tymes afterward mock us, and call to 

1 Decked. 2 A similar gap in the original. 


hie: 


INTO VIRGINIA. 59 


us for him, and at length make a great laughter, and tell us 
he was come home; how true or false is no great matter ; but 
indeed the old kinge, after that tyme, refused to performe 
the former bargaine, for which his lordshipp, to give them to 
understand how he would not be soe dealt with all, sent forth 
two companyes, the of | his lordshipp’s owne com- 
pany, under the comaund of Captaine Brewster, and some 
seamen, under Captaine Argoll, who fell uppon twoo townes 
of his, and burnt them to the grownd, with all their goodly 
furniture of matts and dishes, woodden potts and platters, for 
of this sort is all their goodly epitrapezia or vessells belong- 
ing to their use for the table, or what ells, and these Warras- 
koyacks maie make sixty men. 
9. Weyhohomo, a great weroance of Nansamund. 

10. Amapetough, another lesse weroance of Nansamund. 

11. Weyingopo, a third weroance of Nansamund. 

12. Tirchtough, a fourth weroance of Nansamund, and 
these fower togither may make of sturdy and bold salvadges © 
two hundred. 

13. Wowinchopunck, weroance of Paspahegh, whome, the 
9th of February, 1610, whilst he, with a company of his people, 
were attempting some practize uppon our old blockhouse at 
Jamestowne, and had bene for the same skulking about there 
some two or three dayes and nights, Captaine Georg Percy, 
governour of the towne, sent forth Ensigne Powell and En- 
signe Waller to make surprize of him, yf they could possibly, 
and bring him alive into the towne; but they not finding 
him at any such advantage, yet loath to loose him, or let him 
escape altogither, sett uppon him, (he being one of the 
mightiest and strongest salvages that Powhatan had under 
him, and was therefore one of his champions, and one who 
had killed trecherously many of our men, as he could beguile 
them, or as he, at any tyme, found them by chaunce single 
in the woods, strayed beyond the comaund of the block- 


1 A similar gap in the original MS. 


60 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


howse), and Powell runing uppon him, thrust him twice 
through the body with an arming sword ; howheit, his people 
came in soe fast, and shoat their arrowes so thick, as our men 
being unarmed (in their dublets and hose only) and without 
peices, were faine to retire whilst the Indians recovered the 
weroance’s body, and carried yt awaye with a mightye quick- 
nes and speed of foot, and with a horrible yell and howling ; 
howheit, the liuetenant of the blockhowse, one Puttock, fol- 
lowed hard and oyverreached one of the cronockoes or chief 
men, and, closing with him, overthrew him, and, with his 
dagger, sent him to accompanye his master in the other world; 
and the Paspaheghes may make in nomber for the warrs, 
forty. 

14. Pochins, one of Powhatan’s sonns at Kecoughtan, and 
was the young weroance there at the same tyme when Sir 
Thomas Gates, linetenant-general, took possession of yt. Yt 
is an ample and faire countrie indeed, an admirable porcion 
of land, comparatively high, wholsome, and fruictfull; the 
seat sometyme of a thowsand Indians and three hundred 
Indian howses, and those Indians, as it may well appeare, 
better husbands! then in any parte ells that we have observed, 
which is the reason that so much ground is there cliered and 
opened, enough, with little labour, alreddy prepared, to re- 
' ceave corne, or make viniards of twoo or three thowsand 
acres; and where, beside, we find many fruict-trees, a kind 
of goosbery, cherries, and other plombes, the maricock? aple, 
and many prettie copsies or boskes (as it weere) of mulberye 
trees, and is (indeed) a delicate and necessary seat for a citty 
or chief fortificacion, being so neere (within three miles by 
water) the mouth of our bay, and is well appointed a fitt seat 
for one of our chiefe comaunders, since Point Comfort being 


1 ¢. e. husbandmen. 

2 The maracock is the passion flower, which though it bears no fruit in 
this country, does so in the West Indies. The fruit is of the size and 
colour of a pomegranate. See appendix to Gerard’s Herbal. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 61 


(out of all dispute) to be fortefied to secure our townes above, 
to keepe. open the mouth of our river, by which our shippinge 
maye be lett in, yt will require the faith and judgement of a 
worthy comaunder to be there alwayes present ; besides, there 
wil be good fishing, and upon one of the Capes maie be placed 
a garrison to attend the furnasses and boyling potts for the 
making of salt, which without question there (as in the Ber- 
mudas) maye be made for all occasions to serve the colony, 
and the fishinge voyages for the same likewise upon Point 
Comfort. A great quantity of one kind of silke grasse growes 
there, as yet disorderly, which, having the grownd prepared 
and fitted for yt, would retribute a comodytie worthie the 
paines, yf not going beyond the expectacion of the good which 
is hooped of yt. Our lord generall and liuetenant generall 
have erected here two forts, as is before remembred, the one 
called Fort Henry, the other Charles Fort, as the river which 
runs in and serves both his lordship hath called Southampton, 
river. Uppon the death of an old weroance of this place, 
some fifteen or sixteen yeares since (being too powerfull 
neighbours to side the great Powhatan), yt is said Powhatan, 
taking the advantage, subtilly stepped in and conquered the 
people, killing the chief and most of them, and the reserved 
he transported over the river, craftely chaunging their seat 
and quartering them amongst his owne people, untill nowe 


~ at length the remayne of those living have with much suit 


obteyned of him Payankatanck, which he not long since (as 
you have heard likewise) dispeopled. They might have made 
of able men for the warrs, thirty. 

15. Upon the river of Chickahamania, some eight or twelve 
miles from Jamestowne, which falls from the north side unto 
our King’s river the Chechahamias, being a warlike and free 
people; albeit, they paye certaine duyties to Powhatan, and 
for copper wil be waged to serve and help him in his warrs, 
yet they will not admitt of any weroances from him to go- 
verne over them, but suffer themselves to be regulated and 


62 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


guided by their priests, with the assistance of their elders, 
whome they call Cawcawwassoughes, and they may make 
three hundred men. 
Upon Panunky or the Prince’s River. 

all three Powhatan’s brethrene, and 
are the triumviri, as yt were, or three 
kings of a country called Opechane- 
keno, upon the head of Panunky 
river, and these may make three hun- 
dred men. 

19. Ottahotin, weroance of Kiskiack, fifty. 

At Werowacomoco, Powhatan himself hath a principall re- 
sidence, and there maye be of able men, forty. 

20. Ohonnamo, weroance of Cantaunkack, one hundred. 

21. Ottondeacommoc, weroance of Mummapacune, one 
hundred. 

22. Essenataugh, weroance of Pataunck, one hundred. 

23. Vropaack, weroance of Ochahannanke, forty. 

24. Keyghanghton, weroance of Cassapecock, one hundred. 

25. Weyamat, weroance of Kaposecocke, four hundred. 

26. Attasquintan, weroance of Pamareke, four hundred. 

27. Nansuapunck, weroance of Shamapa, one hundred. 

28. At Orapaks, Powhatan himself comaunds with fifty. 

29. Opopohcumunck, weroance of Chepecho, three hun- 
dred. 

80. Attossomunck, a Taux weroance of Paraconos, ten. 

31. Pomiscatuck, weroance of Youghtamund, seventy. 

32. Werowough, weroance of Mattapanient, one hundred 
and forty. 

And thus yt may appeare, howe they are a people who 
have their severall divisions, provinces, and princes to live in, 
and to comaund over, and to differ likewise (as amongst 
Christians) both in stature, language, and condicion; some 
being great people, as the Susquesahanoughs ; some very litle, 
as the Wighcocomocos; some speaking, likewise, more arti- 


16. Opechanckeno, 
17. Kequotaugh, 
18. Taughaiten, 


INTO VIRGINIA. 63 


culate and plaine, and some more inward and hollowe, as ys 
before remembred ; some curteous and more civile; others 
cruell and bloudy; Powhatan having large territoryes and 
many petty kings under him, as some have fewer. 


CAPUT V. 


A true description of the people, of their cullour, attire, ornaments, con- 
stitutions, dispositions, etc. 
Tuey are generally of a cullour browne or rather tawny, which 
they cast themselves into with a kind of arsenick stone, like 
red patise or orpement, or rather red tempered oyntments of 
earth, and the juyce of certaine scrused rootes, when they 
come unto certaine yeares, and this they doe (keeping them- 
selves still so smudged and besmeered) eyther for the cus- 
tome of the countrye, or the better to defend them (since 
they goe most what naked) from the stinging of muskitoes, 
kinds of flies or biting gnatts, such as the Greekes called 
scynipes, as yet in great swarmes within the arches,’ and 
which heere breed aboundantly amongst the marish whorts 
and fenne berries, and of the same hue are their women ; 
howbeit, yt is supposed neither of them naturally borne so 
discouloured ; for Captain Smith (lyving somtymes amongst 
them) affirmeth how they are from the womb indifferent 
white, but as the men, so doe the women, dye and disguise 
themselves into this tawny cowler, esteeming yt the best 
beauty to be neerest such a kynd of murrey as a sodden 
quince is of (to liken yt to the neerest coulor I can), for which 
they daily anoint both face and bodyes all over with such a 
kind of fucus? or unguent as can cast them into that stayne, 
as is said of the Greek women how they coulored their faces 


1 The sailors’ term for the Archipelago. 
2 Lat. a red dye, generally understood for alkanet, or rouge. 


Their 
collour. 


64: HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


with certain rootes called Brenthina,'’ and as the Britaynes 
died themselves red with woad ;? howbeit, he or she that hath 
obteyned the perfectest art in the tempering of this collour 
with any better kind of earth, yearb, or root, preserves yt not 
yet so secrett and pretious unto her self as doe our great 
ladyes their oyle of talchum,* or other painting white and 
redd, but they frindly comunicate the secret, and teach yt 
one another; after their anoynting (which is daylie) they 
dry in the sun, and thereby make their skynns (besides the 
coulor) more black and spotted, which the sun kissing oft 
and hard, adds to their painting the more rough and rugged. 
Their heads and shoulders they paint oftennest, and those 
red, with the roote pochone,’ brayed to powder, mixed with 
oyle of the walnutt, or bear’s grease; this they hold in som- 
mer doth check the heat, and in winter armes them in some 
measure against the cold. Manie other formes of payntings 
they use; but he is the most gallant who is the most mon- 
strous and uglie to behold. 
Theirhayre, 'Their haire is black, grosse, long, and thick; the men 
* have no beardes; their noses are broad, flatt, and full at the 
end, great bigg lippes, and wyde mouthes, yet nothing so 
unsightly as the Moores; they are generally tall of stature, 
and streight, of comely proportion, and the women have 
handsome lymbes, sclender armes, and pretty hands, and 
when they sing they have a pleasaunt tange in their voices. 
taal For their apparrell they are sometymes covered with the 


1 The editor has only met with the word in this form in Hesychius. 
It is evidently derived from Bpév@ov, of which Julius Pollux speaks, in 
his “ Onomasticon”, lib. vi, cap. 19, as one of the pipa coming from Lydia. 

2 The dye of woad is not red, but blue. 

8 Tale itself enters largely into the composition of rouge; but the so 
called “oil of tale” was produced by dissolving flowers of zinc in vinegar, 
and was formerly extolled as possessing vast power in many imaginary 
operations, and amongst the rest, of being a sovereign remedy for all 
diseases. 

4 See dictionary at the end of this volume. 


ete oe usa? 


From De Bry. Pee ; ike ee wks 


AN INDIAN FEMALE. 


INTO VIRGINIA, 65 


skynns of wyld beasts, which in winter are dressed with the 
haire, but in the sommer without, the better sort use large 
mantells of deeres’ skynns, not much differing from the 
Irish falings,! some embroidered with white beads, some with 
copper, other painted after their manner, but the common 
sort have scarse wherewithall to cover their nakednes, but 
stick long blades of grasse, the leaves of trees, or such like, 
under broad baudricks of leather, which covers them behind 
and before. rate 
The better sort of women cover tieaabhives (for the most # fren’ 
part) all over with skin mantels, finely drest, shagged and beter sortof 
fringed at the skyrt, carved and couloured with some pretty Side 
work, or the proportion of easts, fowle, tortayses, or other 
such like imagry, as shall best please or expresse the fancy 
of the wearer; their younger women goe not shadowed 
amongst their owne com janie until they be nigh eleaven or 
twelve returnes of the Teafe. old (for soe they accompt and 
bring about the yeare, calling the fall of the leafe taquitock) ; 
nor are they much ashamed thereof, and therefore would the 
before remembered Pochahuntas, a well featured, but wan- 
ton yong girle, Powhatan’s daughter, sometymes resorting 
to our fort, of the age then of eleyen or twelve yeares, get 
the boyes forth with her into the markett place, and make 
them wheele, falling on their hands, turning up their heeles 
upwards, whome she would’ followe.and wheele so her self, 
naked as she was, all the fort over ; but being once twelve 
. yeares, they put on a kind of semecinctum lethern apron (as 
doe our artificers or handycrafts men) before their. bellies, 
and are very shamefac’t to-be séene bare. We have seene 
some use mantells made both of Turkey feathers and other 
fowle, so prettily wrought and woven with threeds, that no- 
thing could be discerned but the feathers, which were ex- 
ceeding warme and very handsome. Nuda mulier erat pulchra 
(saith Plautus) quam purpurata pulchrior? indeed the or- 
1 Fallaing or falluing, Celtic for a cloak or mantle. 
° K 


Their 
ornaments. 


The fashion 


play the 
barbers. 


66 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


nament of that sexe, who receave an addition of delicacy by 
their garments. True yt is sometymes in cold weather, or 
when they goe a hunting, or seeking the fruits of the woods, 
or gathering bents for their matts, both men and women (to 
defend them from the bushes and shrubs) put on a kynd of 
leather breeches and stockings, all fastened togither, made 
of deere skynns, which they tye and wrappe about the sb ah 
after the fashion of the Turkes or Irish trouses. 

They adorne themselves most with copper beades and 
paintings. Of the men, there be some whoe will paint their 
bodyes black, and some yellowe, and being oyled over, they 
will sticke therein the soft downe of sundry couloured birdes 
of blew birds, white herne shewes, and the feathers of the 
carnation birde, which they call Ashshawcutteis, as if so many 
variety of laces were stitched to their skinns, which makes a 
wondrous shew; then, being angry and prepared to fight, 
paint and crosse their foreheadds, cheekes, and the right side 
of their heades diversly, either with terra sigillata or with 
their roote pochone. 

The women have their armes, breasts, thighes, shoulders, 
and faces, cuningly ymbrodered with divers workes, for pounc- 
ing or searing their skyns with a kind of instrument heated 
in the fier. They figure therin flowers and fruits of sondry 
lively kinds, as also snakes, serpents, eftes, &c., and this they 
doe by dropping uppon the seared flesh sondry coulers, which, 
rub’d into the stampe, will never be taken awaye agayne, 
because yt will not only be dryed into the flesh, but growe 
therein. 

The men shave their haire on the right side very close, 


‘ keeping a ridge comonly on the toppe or crowne like a cox- 


comb ; for their women, with two shells, will grate away the 
haire into any fashion they please. On the left side they 
weare theire haire at full length, with a lock of an ell long, 
which they annoint often with walnut oyle, whereby it is very 
sleeke, and shynes like a raven’s winge. Sometymes they 


INTO VIRGINIA. 67 


tye up their lock with an arteficyall and well-laboured knott 
(just in the same fashion as I have seene the Carrazzais' of 
Scio and Pera), stuck with many coulored gew-gawes, as the 
cast-head or brow-antle of a deare, the hand of their enemie 
dryed, croisetts of bright and shyning copper, like the newe 
moone. Many weare the whole skyne of a hauke stuffed 
with the wings abroad, and buzzards’ or other fowles’ whole 
wings, and to the feathers they will fasten a little rattle, 
about the bignes of the chape? of a rapier, which they take 
from the tayle of a snake, and sometymes divers kinds of 
shells, hanging loose by small purfleets or threeds, that, being 
shaken as they move, they might make a certaine murmuring 
or whisteling noise by gathering wynd, in which they seeme 
to take great jollity, and hold yt a kind of bravery. 


Their eares they boare with wyde holes, comonly two or Ther 
-rings 


three, and in the same they doe hang chaines of stayned 
pearle braceletts, of white bone or shreeds of copper, beaten 
thinne and bright, and wound up hollowe, and with a greate 
pride, certaine fowles’ leggs, eagles, hawkes, turkeys, etc., 
with beasts’ clawes, beares, arrahacounes, squirrells, etc. The 
clawes thrust through they let hang upon the cheeke to the 
full view, and some of their men there be who will weare in 
these holes a small greene and yellow-couloured live snake, 
neere half a yard in length, which crawling and lapping him- 
self about his neck oftentymes familiarly, he suffereth to kisse 
his lippes. Others weare a dead ratt tyed by the tayle, and 
such like conundrums. 


The women are in themselves so modest as in the tyme of page 
their sicknes they have great care to be seene abroad, at what veomen 


tyme they goe apart, and keepe from the men in a severall 
roome, which they have for themselves as a kynd of gyne- 


1 He probably means copiroa, or, more corruptly, xopiroac, Romaic 
for “girls”. 

2 From “chapa,”, Spanish, the steel or silver tip or case that rudikbes 
the end of the scabbard of a sword. 


eare. 


at 
eS. 


Their con- 
stitutions. 


Their dis- 
positions, 


68 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


ceum, nor will the men, at such a tyme, presse into the nur- 
cery where they are. 

The men are very strong, of able bodyes, and full of agility, 
accustoming themselves to endure hardnes, to lye in the 
woods, under a tree, by a small fier, in the worst of wynter, 
in frost and snowe, or in the weeds and grasse, as in ambus- 
cado, to accomplish their purposes in the sommer. 

They are inconstant in everything but what feare con- 
straineth them to keepe; crafty, tymerous, quick of appre- 
hension, ingenious enough in their owne workes, as maye 
testifie their weares in which they take their fish, which are 
certaine inclosures made of reedes, and framed in the fashion 
of a laborinth or maze sett a fathome deepe in the water, with 
divers chambers or bedds, out of which the entangled fish 
cannot returne or gett out, being once in. Well maye a 
great one, by chaunce, breake the reedes and so escape, other- 
wise he remaines a pray to the fishermen the next lowe water, 
which they fish with a nett at the end of a pole, as likewise 
maye speake for them their netts, their arteficyall dressing of 
leather, theire cordage, which they make of their naturall 
hempe and flax togither, with their cuning dressing of that, 
and preserving the whole yeare great litches or bundells of 
the same, to be used upon any occasyon, and of their girdles 
which they make of silke grasse, much like St. Frauncys cor- 
don,! their cloaks of feathers, their bowes and bow-strings, 
their arrowes, their crownetts, which their weroances weare, 
and their queene’s fascie crinales, borders or frontalls of white 
beades, currall and copper ; especyally their boats, which they 
call quintans, and are very shapefull, made of one piece of 
timber, like the auncyent monoxylum navigium,? theire matts 
and all their houshold implements, and such like. 


1 The girdle used by the monks of the Franciscan order is of twisted 
cord, and knotted. 

2 Movdévda wdoia, vessels hollowed out of one piece of wood are men- 
by Xenophon, Hippocrates, Aristotle, and Polybius, 


INTO VIRGINIA. 69 


Some of them are of disposition fearefull (as I said) and 
not easily wrought, therefore, to trust us or come unto our 
forts ; others, againe, of them are so bold and audacyous, as 
they dare come unto our forts, truck and trade with us, and 
looke us in the face, crying all freinds when they have but 
new done us a mischief, and when they intend presently 
againe, yf it lye in their power, to doe the like. They are 
generally covetous of our comodityes, as copper, white beades 
for their women, hatchetts, of which we make them poore 
ones, of iron howes to pare their corne grownd, knives, and 
such like. 

They are soone moved to anger, and so malitious that they 
seldome forgett an injury ; they are very thievish, and will as 
closely as they can convey any thing away from us; howe- 
be yt, they seldome steale one from another, lest their con- 
nivres should revele yt, and so they be pursued and punished. 
That they are thus feared yt is certaine, nor lett any man 
doubt that the divell cannot reveile an offence actually co- 
mitted. 


CAPUT VI. 


The manner of the Virginian government, their townes, their howses, 
dyett, fowling, and hunting, their gaming, musique, dauncing. 
AurnoucH the country people are very barbarous, yet have 
they amongst them such governement as that their magis- 
trates for good comaunding, and their people for due subjec- 
tion and obeying, excell many places that would be counted 
civill. The forme of their comon wealth, by what hath already 
bene declared, you maye well gather to be a monarcall go- 
vernement, where one as emperour ruleth over many kings ; 
their chief ruler likewise for the presente you have heard 
before. how named, and from whence ; as also you heard the 
nomber of his weroances, their forces, and his owne discrip- 


70 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


tion ; you shall nowe understand how his kingdome descend- 
eth not to his sonns or children, but first to his brethren, 
whereof he hath (as you have heard) three, and after their 
decease, to his sisters ; first to his eldest sister, then to the 
rest, and after them to the heires-male and female of the 
eldest sister, but never to the heires-male. 

He nor any of his people understand how to expresse theire 
mynds by any kynds of letters, to wryte or reade, in barkes 
of trees, or any other kynd of waye, which necessitye or in- 
vention might have instructed them in, as do other barba- 
rians, and some even in these new discoveries ; nor have they 
posetive lawes, only the lawe whereby he ruleth is custome ; 
yet when he pleaseth, his will is a lawe, and must be obeyed, 
not only as a king, but as half a god, his people esteeme him 
soe; his inferiour kings are tyed likewise to rule by like cus- 
tomes, and have permitted them power of life and death over 
theire people, as theire comaund in that nature. 

Theire habitations or townes are for the most part by the 
rivers, or not far distant from fresh springs, comonly upon a 
rice of a hill, that they may overlooke the river, and take 
every small thing into view which sturrs upon the same. 
Their howses are not many in one towne, and those that are 
stand dissite! and scattered without forme of a street, farr 
and wyde asunder. 

As for their howses, who knoweth one of them knoweth 
them all, even the chief kyng’s house yt selfe, for they be all 
alike builded one to the other. They are like garden arbours, 
at best like our sheppards’ cotages, made yet handsomely 
enough, though without strength or gaynes[s], of such yong 
plants as they can pluck up, bow, and make the greene 
toppes meete togither, in fashion of a round roofe, which they 
thatch with matts throwne over. The walles are made of 
barkes of trees, but then those be principall howses, for so 
many barkes which goe to the making up of a howse are long 

1 Dispersed. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 71 


tyme of purchasing. In the midst of the howse there is a 
louer,' out of which the smoake issueth, the fier being kept 
right under. Every house comonly hath twoo dores, one 
before and a posterne. The doores be hung with matts, never 
locked nor bolted, but only those matts be to turne upp, or 
lett fall at pleasure ; and their howses are so comonly placed 
under covert of trees, that the violence of fowle weather, 
snowe, or raine, cannot assalt them, nor the sun in sommer 
annoye them ; and the roofe being covered, as I say, the wynd 
is easily kept out, insomuch as they are as warme as stoves, 
albeit very smoakye. Wyndowes they have none, but the 
light comes in at the doore and at the louer ; for should they 
have broad and open wyndowes in the quarters of their 
howses, they know not well how, upon any occasion, to make 
them close and let in the light too, for glasse they knowe not 
(though the country wants not salsodiack enough to make 
glasse of, and of which we have made some stoore in a goodly 
howse sett up for the same purpose, with all offices and fur- 
nases thereto belonging, a litle without the island, where 
James town stands) ; nor have they lynnen cloth, (albeit they 
want not neither naturally the materyalls for that,) paper, or 
such like, to dipe in oyle, to conveye in as a diapheenick body 
the light, or to keepe out the weather. 

By theire howses they have sometymes a scena, or high 
stage, raised like a scaffold, of small spelts, reedes, or dried 
osiers, covered with matts, which both gives a shadowe and 
is a shelter, and serves for such a covered place where men 
used in old tyme to sitt and talke for recreation or pleasure, 
which they called preestega, and where, on a loft of hurdells, 
they laye forth their corne and fish to dry. They eate, 
sleepe, and dresse theire meate all under one roofe, and in 
one chamber, as it were. 

Rownd about the house on both sides are theire bedstedes, 


1 Luidhier, Celtic for a chimney or vent, the pronunciation of which 
somewhat resembles the English pronunciation of “louer”, or “looer”. 


Ea 


72 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


which are thick short posts stalkt into the ground, a foot 
high and somewhat more, and for the sydes small poles 
layed along, with a hurdle of reeds cast over, wherein they 
rowle downe a fyne white matte or twoo (as for a bedd) 
when they goe to sleepe, and the which they rowle up againe 


in the morning when they rise, as we doe our palletts, and — 


upon these, rownd about the howse, they lye, heads and 
points, one by the other, especially making a fier before 
them in the midst of the howse, as they doe usually every 
night, and some one of them by agreement maynteynes the 
fier for all that night long; some of them, when they lye 
downe to sleepe, cover them with matts, some with skinns, 


- and some lye stark naked on the grownd, from six to twentie 


in a house, as doe the Irish. 
About their howses they have commonly square plotts of 


cleered grownd, which serve them for gardens, some one © 


hundred, some two hundred foote square, wherein they sowe 
their tobacco, pumpons, and a fruit like unto a musk million, 
but lesse and worse, which they call macock gourds, and 
such like, which fruicts increase exceedingly, and ripen in 
the beginning of July, and contynue until September; they 
plant also the field apple, the maracock, a wyld fruit like a 
kind of pomegranett, which increaseth infinitlye, and’ ripens 
in August, contynuing untill the end of October, when all 
the other fruicts be gathered, but they sowe nether herb, 
flower, nor any other kynd of fruict. 

They neither ympale for deare, nor breed cattell, nor 
bring up tame poultry, albeit they have great stoore of 
turkies, nor keepe birdes, squirrells, nor tame partridges, 
swan, duck, nor goose. In March and Aprill they live much 
upon their weeres, and feed on fish, turkies, and squirrells, 
and then, as also sometymes in May, they plant their fields 
and sett their corne, and live after those monthes most of 
acrons, walnutts, chesnutts, chechinquarnins,' and fish; but, 


1 A kind of grain, See glossary. 


Se 


Lie 


INTO VIRGINIA; 73 


to mend their dyett, some disperse themselves in small com- 
panyes, and live uppon such beasts as they can kyll with 
their bow and arrowes, upon crabbs, oysters, land-tortoyses, 
strawberryes, mulberries, and such like. In June, July, and 
August they feed upon rootes of tockohow, berries, grownd 
nutts, fish, and greene wheate, and sometyme uppon a greene 
serpent, or greene snake, of which our people likewise use 
to eate. 

It is straung to see how their bodies alter with their dyett ; 
even as the deare and wild beasts they seeme fatt and leane, 
strong and weake. Powhatan and some others that are pro- 
vident, roast their fish and flesh upon hurdells, and reserve 
of the same untill the scarse tymes; commonly the fish and 
flesh they boyle, either very tenderly, or broyle yt long on 
hurdells over the fier, or ells (after the Spanish fashion) putt 
yt on a spitt and turne first the one side, then the other, till 
yt be as dry as their jerkin beef in the West Indies, and so 
they maye keepe yt a monethe or more without putrifying ; 
the broath of fish or flesh they suppe up as ordinarily as 
they eat the meate. 

Their corne they eat in the eares’ greene, roasted, and 
sometyme brusing yt in a morter of wood with a little pestle ; 
they lap yt in rowlls within the leaves of the corne, and so 
boyle yt for a deyntie; they also reserve that corne late 
planted that will not ripe, by roasting yt in hott ashes, the 
which in wynter (being boyled with beanes) they esteeme for 
arare dish, calling yt pausarawmena: their old wheat they 
firste steepe a night in hot water, and in the morning pound- 
ing yt in a morter, they use a small baskett for the boulter 
or searser,! and when they have syfted fourth the finest, they 
pound againe the great, and so separating yt by dashing their 
hand in the baskett, receave the flower in a platter of wood, 
which; blending with water, they make into flatt, broad cakes 

1 Searse, a fine sieve made of lawn, etc., from the French “sas”—Bailey’s 
Dictionary. 

t 


74: HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


(much like the sacrificing bread which the Grecians offred to 
their gods, called popanum), and these they call appones, 
which covering with ashes till they be baked (as was the an- 
cyent escharitos' panis raked within the embers), and then 
washing them in faire water, they let dry with their own heate, 
or ells boyle them with water, eating the broath with the 
bread, which they call ponepopi. The growtes and broken 
pieces of the corne remayning, they likewise preserve, and by 
fannyng away the branne or huskes in a platter or in the 
wynd, they lett boyle in an earthen pott three or four howres, 
and therof make a straung thick pottage, which they call 
Vsketehamun, and is their kind of frumentry, and indeed is 
like our kind of ptisane, husked barley sodden in water. Yt 
maye be not much unlike that homely jus nigrum, which the 
Lacidemonians used to eate, and which Dionisius could not 
abide to tast of; albeit he brought a cooke from thence only 
to make him that broath, for which the cooke told him he 
must have a Lacedemonian stomach, indeed to eate of the 
Lacedemonian dyett;? and some of them, more thriftye then 
cleanly, doe burne the coare of the eare to powder, which they 
call pungnough, mingling that in their meale, but yt never 
tasted well in bread or broath. 

Their drinck is, as the Turkes, cliere water ; for albeit they 
have grapes, and those good store, yet they have not falne 
upon the use of them, nor advised how to presse them into 
wyne. Peares and apples they have none to make syder or 
perry of, nor honye to make meath, nor licoris to seeth in 
their water. They call all things which have a spicy tast 
wassacan, which leaves a supposition that they maie have 
some kind of spice trees, though not perhapps such as ells- 
where. 

The men bestow their tymes in fishing, hunting, warres, 
and such manlike exercises, without the dores, scorninge to 


1 Tt should be Esyapurne, ¢.e. baked on the hearth. 
2 See Plutarch’s Exirndeipara \axwnd. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 75 


be seene in any effemynate labour, which is the cause that 
the women be very painfull and the men often idle. 

Their fishing is much in boats. These they call quintans, 
as the West Indians call their canoas. They make them with 
one tree, by burning and scraping awaye the coales with 
stones and shells, tyll they have made them in forme of a 
trough. Some of them are an ell deepe, and forty or fifty 
foote in length, and some will transport forty men; but the 
most ordinary are smaller, and will ferry ten or twenty, with 
some luggage, over their broadest rivers. Instead of oares, 
they use paddles and sticks, which they will rowe faster then 
we in our barges. 

They have netts for fishing, for the quantity as formerly 
brayed and mashed as our’s, and these are made of barkes of 
certaine trees, deare synewes, for a kynd of grasse, which 
they call pemmenaw, of which their women, betweene their 
hands and thighes, spin a thredd very even and redily, and 
this threed serveth for many uses, as about their howsing, 
their mantells of feathers and their trowses, and they also 
with yt make lynes for angles. 

Theire angles are long small rodds, at the end whereof they 
have a clift to the which the lyne is fastened, and at the lyne 
they hang a hooke, made eyther of a bone grated (as they 
nock their arrowes) in the forme of a crooked pynne or fis- 
hooke, or of the splinter of a bone, and with a threed of the 
lyne they tye on the bayte. They use also long arrowes tyed 
in a line, wherewith they shoote at fish in the rivers. Those 
of Accowmak use staves, like unto javelins, headed with bone ; 
with these they dart fish, swymming in the water. They have 
also many arteficyall weeres (before described) in which they 
take aboundaunce of fishe. 

In the tyme of their huntings, they leave their habitations, 
and gather themselves into companyes, as doe the Tartars, 
and goe to the most desart places with their families, where 
they passe the tyme. with hunting and fowling up towards 


76 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


the mountaines, by the heads of their rivers, wher in deed 
there is plentye of game, for betwixt the rivers the land is not 
so large belowe that therein breed sufficyent to give them all 
content. Considering, especyally, how at all tymes and sea- 
sons they destroy them, yt maye seeme a marveyle how they 
can so directly passe and wander in these desarts, sometymes 
three or fower dayes’ journyes, meeting with no habitacions, 
and, by reason of the woods, not having sight of the sun, 
wherby to direct them how to coast yt. 

Theire huntinge howses are not soe laboured, substancyall, 
nor artyficyall as their other, but are like our soldiers’ cabins, 
the frame sett up in too or three howers, cast over head, with 
matts, which the women beare after them as they carry like- 
wise corne, acornes, morters, and all bag and baggage to use, 
when they come to the place where they purpose for the tyme 
to hunt. 

Tn the tyme of hunting every man will strive to doe his best 
to shew his fortune and dexterity, for by their excelling therin 
they obteyne the favour of the women. 

At their hunting in the desarts they are comonly two or three 
hundred togither. With the sun rising they call up on[e] an- 
other, and goe forth searching after the heard, which when 
they have found, they environ and circle with many fiers, and 
betwixt the fiers they place themselves, and there take up 
their stands, making the most terrible noise that they can. 
The deare being thus feared by the fires and their voices, 
betake them to their heeles, whome they chase so long within 
that circle, that many tymes they kill six, eight, ten, or fif- 
teen in a morning. They use also to drive them into some 
narrow point of land, when they find that advantage, and so 
force them into the river, where with their boats they have 
ambuscades to kill them. When they have shott a deare by 
land, they followe him (like bloodhounds) like the blood and 
straine,' and often tymes so take him. Hares, partriges, 


1 Hunting term. The view or track of a deer. 


"7 
? 


' 


INTO VIRGINIA. 77 


turkeys, fatt or leane, young or old, in eggs, in breeding 
time, or however they devour, at no time sparing any that 
they can catch in their power. ; 

On[e] savadge hunting alone useth the skyne of a deare 
slitt in the one side, and so put upon his arme through the 
neck, in that sort that the hand comes to the head, which is 
stuffed, and the hornes, head, eyes, eares, and every part as 
arteficyall counterfeited as they can devise; thus shrowding 
his body in the skynne, by stalking he approacheth the 
deere creeping on the ground from one tree to another; yf 
the deare chaunce to find fault, or stand at gaze, he turneth 
the head with the hand to the best advantage to win his 
shoot; having shott him, he chaseth him by his blood and 
straine till he gett him. 

In these hunting and fishing exercizes they take extreame 
paines, and they being their ordinary labours from their in- 
fancy, they place them amongst their sports and pleasures, 
and are very prowd to be expert therein, for thereby (as before 
remembered) they wyn the loves of their women, who wilbe the 
sooner contented to live with such a man, by the readynes and 
fortune of whose bow and diligence such provision they per- 
ceave they are likely to be fedd with well, especially of fish 
and flesh, as the place where they are to dwell can afford ; for 
(indeed) they be all of them hugh eaters, and of whome 
we may saye with Plautus, Noctes diesque estur, for which 
we ourselves doe give unto every Indian that labours with us 
in our forts, doble the allowance of one of our owne men; 
and these active hunters, by their continuall ranging and 
travell, do know all the advantages and places most fre- 
quented and best stored with deare or other beasts, fish, 
fowle, roots, fruicts, and berries. 

A kynd of exercise they have often amongst them much 
like that which boyes call bandy'in English, and maye be 


1 In the game of bandy-ball, the ball was struck with a bat called 
bandy, from its being bent. 


78 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


an auncient game, as yt seemeth in Virgill; for when Aineas 
came into Italy at his marriage with Lavinia, King Latinus’ 
daughter, yt is said the Troyans taught the Latins scipping 
and frisking at the ball. Likewise they have the exercise of 
football, in which they only forceably encounter with the 
foot to carry the ball the one from the other, and spurned 
yt to the goale with a kind of dexterity and swift footman- 
ship, which is the honour of yt; but they never strike up 
one another’s heeles, as we doe, not accompting that praise- 
worthie to purchase a goale by such an advantage. 

Dice play, or cardes, or lotts they knowe not, how be it 
they use a game upon russhes much like primero,’ wherein 
they card and discard, and lay a stake too, and so win and 
loose. They will playe at this for their bowes and arrowes, 
their copper beads, hatchets, and their leather coats. 

If any great comaunder arrive at the habitacion of a wero- 
aunce, they spread a matt, as the Turkes do a carpett, for 
him to sitt uppon; uppon another right opposite they sitt 
themselves, then doe they all, with a tunable voice of showt- 
ing, bid him welcome; after this doe twoo or more of the 
chief men make severall orations, testifying their love, which 
they doe with such vehemency, and so great earnestnes of 
passion, that they sweat till they droppe, and are so out of 
breath that they can scarse speake, in so much as a stranger 
would take them to be exceeding angry, or starke mad. 
After this verball entertaynment, they cause such victuall as 


1 Primero is reckoned among the most ancient games of cards known 
to have been played in England. Each player, we are told, had four 
cards dealt to him one by one ; the seven was the highest card, in point 
of number, that he could avail himself of, which counted for twenty-one ; 
the six counted for sixteen, the five for fifteen, and the ace for the same ; 
but the two, the three, and the four for their respective points only. The 
knave of hearts was commonly fixed upon for the quinola, which the 
player might make what card or suit he thought proper ; if the cards 
were of different suits the highest number was the primero ; if they were 
all of one colour, he that held them won the flush. See Strutt, taken 
from the Hon. Daines Barrington on card-playing, Archxologia, vol. viii. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 79 


they have or can provide to be brought forth, with which 
they feast him fully and freely, and at night they bring him 
to the lodging appointed for him, whither, upon their depar- 
ture, they send a young woman, fresh paynted red with 
pochone and oyle, to be his bedfellowe. 

The void tyme betweene their sleepe and meate they com- 
monly bestow in revelling, dauncing, and singing, and in 
their kind of musique, and have sundry instruments for the 
same. They have a kynd of cane on which they pipe as on 
a recorder, and are like the Greeke pipes, which they called 
bombyces, being hardly to be sounded without great strayn- 
ing of the breath, upon which they observe certain rude 
times; but their chief instruments are rattles made of small 
gourdes or pompion shells; of these they have base, tenor, 
counter tenor, meane, and treble; these myngled with their 
voices, sometymes twenty or thirty togither, make such a 
terrible howling as would rather affright then give pleasure 
to any man. 

They have likewise their errotica carmina, or amorous 
dittyes in their language, some numerous, and some not, 
which they will sing tunable enough. They have contrived 
a kind of angry song against us, in their homely rymes, 
which concludeth with a kynd of petition unto their okeus,' 
and to all the host of their idolls, to plague the Tassantasses 
(for so they call us) and their posterities; as likewise another 
scorneful song they made of us the last yeare at the falls, in 
manner of tryumph, at what tyme they killed Capt. William 
West, our Lord Generall’s nephew, and two or three more, 
and tooke one Symon Skove, a saylor, and one Cob, a boy, 
prisoners. That song goeth thus:— 

1. Matanerew shashashewaw erawango pechecoma 


Whe Tassantassa inoshashawyehockan pocosack. 
Whe whe, yah haha nehe wittowa, wittowa. 


1 Their Indian name for their gods. 


80 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


2. Matanerew shashashewaw erawango pechecoma 
Capt. Newport inoshashaw neir mhoc natian matassan 
Whe whe, etc. 


3. Matanerew shashashewaw erawango pechecoma 
Thom. Newport inoshashaw neir inhoc natian moncock : 
Whe whe, etc. 


4, Matanerew shashashewaw erawango pechecoma 
Pochin Simon moshashaw ningon natian monahack, 
Whe whe, etc. 

Which maye signifie how they killed us for all our pocca- 
sacks, that is our guns, and for all that Captain Newport 
brought them copper, and could hurt Thomas Newport (a 
boy whose name in deede was Thomas Savadge, who Captain 
Newport leaving with Powhatan to learne the language, at 
what tyme he presented the said Powhatan with a copper 
crowne, and other gifts from his Majestie, said he was his 
sonne) for all his monachock, that is his bright sword, and 
how they could take Symon (for they seldome said our sur- 
name) prisoner for all his tamahanke, that is his hatchet, 
adding, as for a burden unto their song, what lamentation 
our people made when they kild him, namely, saying how 
they would cry whe, whe, ete., which they mockt us for, and 
cryed againe to us yah, ha, ha, Tewittawa, Tewittawa; for yt 
is true they never bemoane themselves nor cry out, gyving 
up so much as a groane for any death, how cruell soever and 
full of torment. 

As for their dauncyng, the sport seemes unto them, and 
the use almost as frequent and necessary as their meat and 
drynck, in which they consume much tyme, and for which 
they appoint many and often meetings, and have therefore, 
as yt were, set orgies or festivalls for the same pastyme, as 
have yet at this daye the merry Greekes within the Arches. 
At our colonies first sitting downe amongst them, when any 
of our people repaired to their townes, the Indians would not 
thinck they had expressed their welcome sufficyentlie enough 
untill they had shewed them a daunce, the manner of which 


ON 


“HONVA NVIGNI NV 


er a= 


‘Reg oq] meng 


Fut ae, 


iM) 
¥/ 


INTO VIRGINIA. 81 


is thus: One of them standeth by, with some furre or leather 
thing in his leaft hand, upon which he beats with his right 
hand, and sings with all as if he began the quier, and kept 
unto the rest their just tyme, when upon a certaine stroak or 
more (as upon his cue or tyme'to come in) one riseth up and 
begynns to dawnce ; after he hath daunced a while stepps 
forth another, as if he came in just upon his rest; and in 
this order all of them, so many as there be, one after an- 
other, who then daunce an equall distaunce from each other 
in ring, showting, howling, and stamping their feete against 
the ground with such force and paine that they sweat agayne, 
and with all variety of strang mymick tricks and distorted 
faces, making so confused a yell and noyse as so many fran- 
tique and disquieted bachanalls, and sure they will keepe 
stroak just with their feete to the tyme he gives, and just 
one with another, but with the hands, head, face, and body, 
every one hath a severall gesture ;’ and who have seene the 
darvises, in their holy daunces, in their moscas, upon Wendse- 
dayes and Frydayes in Turkey, maye resemble these unto 
them. You shall find the manner expressed in the figure in 
the second Decade, capt.-[See print.to face this page). 

Every weroance knoweth his owne meeres and lymitts t 
fish, fowle, or hunt in (as before. said), but they hold all of 
their great weroance Powhatan, unto whome they pay eight 
parts of ten tribute of all the comodities which their country 
yeldeth, as of wheat, pease, beanes, eight measures of ten, 
(and these measured out in litle cades or basketts, which the 
great king appoints) of the dying roots, eight measures of ten 
of all sorts of skyns, and furrs eight of ten ; and so he robbes 
the people, in effect, of all they have, even to the deare’s 
skyn wherewith they cover them from cold, in so much as 
they dare not dresse yt and put yt on untill he have seene 
yt and refused yt, for what he comaundeth they dare not dis- 
obey in the lest thinge. 

M 


82 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


CAPUT VII. 


Of the religion amongst the inhabitants,—their god, their temples, their 
opinion of the creation of the world, and of the immortalitie of the 
sowle, of their conjurations and sacrificing of children. 

Tuere is yet, in Virginia, no place discovered to be so savadge 
and simple, in which the inhabitaunts have not a religion 
and the use of bow and arrowes: all things they conceave 
able to doe them hurt beyond their prevention, they adore 
with their kind of divine worship, as the fier, water, light- 
ning, thunder, our ordinaunce pieces, horses, etc. ; but their 
chief god they worship is no other, indeed, then the divell, 
whome they make presentments of, and shadow under the 
forme of an idoll, which they entitle Okeus, and whome they 
worship, as the Romans did their hurtfull god Vejovis, more 
for feare of harme then for hope of any good; they saie they 
have conference with him, and fashion themselves in their 
disguisments as neere to his shape as they can imagyn. 

In every territory of a weroance is a temple and a priest, 
peradventure two or three ; yet happie doth that weroance 
accompt himself who can detayne with him a Quiyoughqui- 
sock, of the best, grave, lucky, well instructed in their mis- 
teryes, and beloved of their god ; and such a one is noe lesse 
honoured then was Dianae’s priest at Ephesus, for whome 
they have their more private temples, with oratories and 
chauncells therein, according as is the dignity and reverence 
of the Quiyoughquisock, which the weroance wilbe at charge 
to build upon purpose, sometyme twenty foote broad and a 
hundred in length, fashioned arbour wyse after their buyld- 
ing, having comonly the dore opening into the east, and at 
the west end a spence or chauncell from the body of the 
temple, with hollow wyndings and pillers, whereon stand 
divers black imagies, fashioned to the shoulders, with their 
faces looking downe the church, and where within their wero- 


INTO VIRGINIA. 83 


ances, upon a kind of beere of reedes, lye buryed ; and under 
them, apart, in a vault low in the ground (as a more secrett 
thing), vailed with a matt, sitts their Okeus, an image ill- 
favouredly carved, all black dressed, with chaynes of perle, 
the presentment and figure of that god (say the priests unto 
the laity, and who religiously believe what the priests saie) 
which doth them all the harme they suffer, be yt in their 
bodies or goods, within doores or abroad; and true yt is many 
of them are divers tymes (especyally offendors) shrewdly 
scratched as they walke alone in the woods, yt may well 
be by the subtyle spirit, the malitious enemy to mankind, 
whome, therefore, to pacefie, and worke to doe them good (at 
least no harme) the priests tell them they must do these and 
these sacrifices unto [them], of these and these things, and 
thus and thus often, by which meanes not only their owne 
children, but straungers, are sometimes sacrificed unto him : 
whilst the great God (the priests tell them) who governes all 
the world, and makes the sun to shine, creating the moone 
and starrs his companyons, great powers, and which dwell 
with him, and by whose vertues and influences the under 
earth is tempered, and brings forth her fruicts according to 
her seasons, they calling Ahone ; the good and peaceable God 
requires no such dutyes, nor needes be sacrificed unto, for 
he intendeth all good unto them, and will doe noe harme, 
only the displeased Okeus, looking into all men’s accions, 
and examining the same according to the severe scale of jus~ 
tice, punisheth them with sicknesses, beats them, and strikes 
their ripe corne with blastings, stormes, and thunder clapps, 
stirrs up warre, and makes their women falce unto them. 
Such is the misery and thraldome under which Sathan hath 
bound these wretched miscreants. 

Indeed their priests, being the ministers of Sathan (who 
is very likely or visibly conversant amongst them), feare and 
tremble lest the knowledg of God, and of our Saviour Jesus 
Christ, should be taught in those parts, doe now with the 


84 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


more vehemency perswade the people to hold on their wonted 
ceremonies, and every yeare to sacrifice still their owne chil- 
dren to the ancyent God of their fathers, and yt is supposed 
gayne doble oblations this waye, by reason they doe at all 
tymes so absolutely governe and direct the weroances, or 
lords of countries, in all their accions, and this custome he 
hath politiquely maynteyn’d, and doth yet universally (a few 
places excepted), over all the Indies. In Florida they sacri- 
fice the first-borne male child. In Mexico they forbeare 
their owne, and offer up such prisoners as they take in the 
warrs, whome they torture with a most barbarous cruelty. 
That the devill hath obteyned the use of the like offring in 
many other parts of America, Acosta hath observed and 
related, in his morrall and naturall History of the West Indies; 
the same honour the devill obteyned from all antiquity, in 
effect even from the Israelites and their borderers, from the 
Carthagenians, Persians, and the first planters of Italy, and 
other nations. To have suffred still therefore, me thincks, 
these priests of Baal or Belzebub, were greatly offensive to the 
majestie of God, and most perilous for the English to inha- 
bite within those parts; for these their Quiyoughquisocks 
or prophetts be they that perswade their weroances to resist 
our settlement, and tell them how much their Okeus wilbe 
offended with them, and that he will not be appeased with a 
sacrifice of a thowsand, nay a hecatomb of their childrene, yf 
they permitt a nation, dispicing the ancyent religion of their 
forefathers, to inhabite among them, since their owne gods 
have hitherto preserved them, and given them victory over 
their enemies, from age to age. 

It is true that hitherto our colony hath consisted (as yt 
were) but of a handfull of men, and not stored with desired 
victualls fitt for such eaters as the English are; nor untill 
1610 hath yt ben the best governed to undertake this service 
to God; but now the commodities of our owne country being 
thither in some good quantety transported, and those there 


INTO VIRGINIA. - 85 


thriving and growing daily into good increase, as kyne, 
goats, swyne, horses, mares, etc.; and the first ragged go- 
vernment nowe likewise prudentlie chaunged into an abso- 
lute comaund, and over the same many learned and juditious 
gentlemen of his majestie’s councell (as a body politique) 
resident in England, and they also enlightened from the 
supreme understanding of his majestie’s privy councell; and 
the lord generall now to goe againe is a very worthy, valiant 
noble man, and well instructed in the busines, who hath Sir 
Thomas Gates, liuetenant-generall (whose comendacion lieth 
in his name), Sir Thomas Dale, marshall, both there at this 
present, informing themselves of the country and people, both 
excellent soldiers, and well knowing all circumstances of 
warre and advantages of ground, yt cannot be doubted but 
that all things shall be soe foreseene, that the best courses shal- 
be taken, and the surreption of these priests more seriously 
thought on then heartofore, and by whose apprehension wil- 
be wrought the saffety of such our people as shalbe imployed 
herein for his majestie’s honour and the enlargement of his 
dominion, for whose sake God will prosper all our lawfull 
and Christian attempts. Yet noe Spanish intention shalbe 
entertayned by us, neither hereby to root out the naturalls, 
as the Spaniards have done in Hispaniola and other parts, 
but only to take from them these seducers, untill when they 
will never knowe God nor obey the king’s majestie, and by 
which meanes we shall by degrees chaunge their barbarous 
natures, make them ashamed the sooner of their savadge 
nakedness, informe them of the true God and of the way to 
their salvation, and, finally, teach them obedience to the 
king’s majestie and to his governouwrs in those parts, declar- 
ing (in the attempt thereof) unto the several weroances, and 
making the comon people likewise to understand, how that 
his majestie hath bene acquainted, that the men, women, and 


-childrene of the first plantation at Roanoak were by practize 


and comaundement of Powhatan (he himself perswaded ther- 


86 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


unto by his priests) miserably slaughtered, without any 
offence given him either by the first planted (who twenty 
and od yeares had peaceably lyved intermixt with those sal- 
vages, and were out of his territory) or by those who nowe 
are come to inhabite some parte of his desarte lands, and to 
trade with him for some comodityes of ours, which he and 
his people stand in want of; notwithstanding, because his 
majestie is, of all the world, the most just and the most mer- 
cifull prince, he hath given order that Powhatan himself, with 
the weroances and all the people, shalbe spared, and revenge 
only taken upon his Quiyoughquisocks, by whose advise and 
perswasions was exercised that bloudy cruelty, and only how 
that Powhatan himself and the weroances must depend on 
his majestie, both acknowledging him for their superiall lord ; 
and wherunto the inferiour weroances sure will most wil- 
lingly condiscend, when yt shalbe told them, that wheras 
Powhatan doth at his pleasure dispoile them both of their 
lives and goods without yeilding them any reason, or alleadg- 
ing or proving any just cause against them, they shall for 
heareafter be delivered from his tyranny, and shall enjoye 
freely the fruicts of their owne territories, so shall they the 
fish and the fowle thereof, of which the most rare and deli- 
cate of the one, and the best and wholsomest of the other, 
are now forbidden them, and reserved and preserved to Pow- 
hatan, and that they shalbe freed likewise from delivering up 
their children for sacrifice; and the poore women’s songs of 
lamentation converted into rejoycings, the true God, and his 
governour king James, comaunding that the childrene of men 
be preserved and not slaughtered without offence given, as 
the devill and his Quiyoughquisocks have ordeyned. Against 
which Sathanicall invention, maye yt please his majestie to 
make an ordinaunce, that the fathers of those childrene, and 
all that consent unto the sacrifices hereafter, shalbe put to 
death as traytors to God and his majestie. As also when they 
shall understand how the tribute which they shall pay unto 


INTO VIRGINIA. 87 


his majestie shalbe far leasse then that which Powhatan 
exacteth from them, who robbs them, as you have heard, of 
all they have ; but after such tyme as they shall submitt them- 
selves to the king’s majestie, and consent to pay him a tribute 
to be agreed upon, Powhatan shall lay no more his exactions 
upon them, but they shall freely enjoy all they can gather, 
and have a peaceable and franck trade with the English for 
the comodities they can make of their owne, exchaunging 
them for ours, and that the English will take of their poorest 
into their famelies, as their better sort shall by patents and 
proclamations hold ‘their lands, as free burgers and citizens 
with the English, and subjects to king James, who will give 
them justice, and defend them against all their enemyes ; 
whereas now they live in miserable slavery, and have no 
assuraunce either of their lyves or of their goods, and indeed 
hereby these dooble and mixt comodities will arrise, namely 
the English garrisons shall not only be provided of corne, 
and their storehowses of merchandizes, but the naturalls being 
thus constrayned to pay duly this their trybute, will clense 
dowble as much ground as they doe, wherby the country will 
not only be made the more passeable both for horse and foot, 
but the people themselves, who are now for the most part of 
the yeare idle, and do little ells then sharpen their arrowes 
against the English, shall find, by the gathering together of 
their severall sorts of tribute, somewhat ells to entertayne 
themselves withall; and although, peradventure, this maye 
seeme a burthen at the first, untill they have acquainted 
themselves with another kind of life, and perceave themselves 
indeed to become thereby the more civile, as likewise to 
enjoye the rest of their owne more freely then under Pow- 
hatan, they will find themselves in farr better estate then now 
they are; for the cussiques or comaunders of Indian townes 
in Peru, whom the Virginians call weroances, although they 
paye unto the king of Spaine great tribute, yet because they 
make exchaunge with the Spaniard for that remaynes, they 


88 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


do not only keepe greate hospitality and are riche in their 
furniture, horses, and cattell, but, as Captain Ellis avowes, 
who lyved amongst them some few yeares, their dyett is 
served to them in silver vessells, and many of them have 
naturall Spaniards that attend them in their howses, when, 
on the other side, the Spaniards were not able to make the 
twentieth part of profitt which they now doe but by the helpe 
of those cussiques, for they furnish out of their severall ter- 
ritories not so few as fifty thousand people to worke in the 
mynes of Potosi, who after so many monthes’ travaile are 
returned to the countryes, and fifty thousand others by an 
other company of cussiques provided to supply them. In 
New Spaine they doe the like, for the naturall people gather 
all the scuchinella! which the Spaniards have, and require no 
more for a week’s labour then so much money as will buy 
them a pott of wyne to drinck drunck the Satterday night. 
In Guiana, thirty of the people, with their canoa, wilbe hired 
for one hatchett to rowe where they are comaunded for a 
whole moneth, and sell a hundred weight of good biskett for 
a threepenny knife, and if our copper had ben well ordered 
in Virginia, as maye be hereafter, I am assured that lesse 
then one ounce will serve to entertayne the labour of a whole 
howshould for ten dayes. This being delivered in fitt termes 
by some perfect interpreter, and to men that are capable 
ynough of understanding yt, maye begett a faire conceipt in 
them of us and our proceedings, and leave them well satis- 
fied ; and indeed be yt beleeved, that when so just an occa- 
sion shall offer these priests of Asmodius or the devill into 
the hands of the lord generall, a better tyme then that will 
not be found to performe the same acceptable service to God 
that Jehu, king of Israell, did, when he assembled all the 
priests of Baal, and slue them, to the last man, in their owne 
temple. Of this may every vulgar sence be well assured, 
that seeing these monsters doe offer up unto the devill their 


1 Cochineal. 


TOMB OF THE WEROANCES. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 89 


owne childrene, and being hardened against all compassion, 
naturall and divine, enforce their owne mothers to deliver 
them to the executioner with their owne hands, they will 
easily condiscend unto, and assist the destruction and extir- 
pacion of all’straungers, knowing or acknowledging the true 
God. Y me 
Within the chauncell of the temple, by the Okeus, are the 
cenotaphies or the monuments of their kings, whose bodyes, 
so soone as they be dead, they embowell, and, scraping the 
flesh from off the bones, they dry the same upon hurdells 
into ashes, which they put into litle potts (like the auncyent 
urnes) ; the annathomy of the bones they bind togither or 
case up in leather, hanging braceletts, or chaines of copper, 
beads, pearle, or such like, as they used to wear about most 
of their joints and neck, and so repose the body upon a litle 
scaffold (as upon a tomb), laying by the dead bodies’ feet, 
all his riches in severall basketts, his apook, and pipe, and 
any one toy, which in his life he held most deare in his 
fancy: their inwards they stuff with pearle, copper, beads, 
and such trash, sowed in a skynne, which they overlapp againe 
very carefully in whit skynnes one or two, and the bodyes 
thus dressed lastly they rowle in matts, as for wynding sheets, 
and so laye them orderly one by one, as they dye in their 
turnes, upon an arche standing (as aforesaid) for the tomb, 
and thes are all the ceremonies we yet can learne that they 
give unto their dead. We heare of no sweet oyles or oynt- 
ments that they use to dresse or chest their dead bodies 
with ; albeit they want not of the pretious rozzin running 
out of the great cedar, wherwith in the old tyme they used 
to embalme dead bodies, washing them in the oyle and 
licoure therof. Only to the priests the care of these temples 
and holy interments are comitted, and these temples are to 
them as solitary Asseteria' colledges or minsters to exercise 
1 Possibly misspelt from Acodrepoc quasi’ Ezasctrepos, z.e. following in 
a row one after another. 
N 


90 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


themselves in contemplation, for they are seldome out of 
them, and therefore often lye in them and maynteyne con- 
tynuall fier in the same, upon a hearth somewhat neere the 
east end. 

For their ordinary burialls they digg a deepé hole in the 
earth with sharpe stakes, and the corps being lapped in skynns 
and matts with their jewells, they laye uppon sticks in the 
ground, and soe cover them with earth: the buryall ended, 
the women (being painted all their faces with black coale 
and oyle) do sitt twenty-four howers in their howses, mourn- 
ing and lamenting by turnes, with such yelling and howling 
as may expresse their great passions. 

Their principall temple, or place of superstition, is at 
Vtamussack, at Pamunky. Neere unto the towne, within 
the woods, is a chief holie howse, proper to Powhatan, upon 
the top of certaine red sandy hills, and it is accompanied 
with two other sixty feet in length, filled with images of 
their kings and devills,» and tombes of the predicessors, 
This place they count so holy as that none but the priests 
and kings dare come therein. In this (as the Grecian 
nigromancers psychomantie did use to call up spiritts) ey- 
ther the priests have conference, or consult (indeed) with the 
devill, and receave verball answeares, and so sayth Acosta; 
he spake to the Garn' or chaplaines of the West Indies, in 
their guacas or oratories, or at least these conjurers make 
the simple laytie so to believe, whoe, therefore (so much are 
the people at the priests’ devotion), are ready to execute any 
thing, how desperate soever, which they shall commaund. 
The salvadges dare not goe up the river in boats by yt, but 
that they solemly cast some piece of copper, white beads, or 
pochones into the river, for feare that Okeus should be 
offended and revenged of them. In this place commonly 
are resident seven priests, the chief differing from the rest 


1 Query—Boxjrat, from Bodw, to cry. Pape, in his “ Handwérterbuch der 
Grieschischen Sprache”, gives Hippocrates as a reference for the use of 
the word. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 91 


in his ornament, whilst the inferior priests can hardly be 
knowne from the common people, save that they had not 
(it maye be maye not have) so many holes in their eares to 
hang their jewells at. The ornaments of the chief priest 
were, uppon his showlders a middle-sized cloke of feathers 
much like the old sacrificing garment which Isodorus calls 
cassiola, and the burlett or attire of his head was thus made ; 
some twelve or sixteen or more snakes’ sloughes or skyns 
were stuffed with mosse, and of weasells or other vermyn 
were skynns perhapps as many; all these were tyed by the 
tayles, so as their tayles meet in the tope of the head like a 
great tassell, and round about the tassell was circled a crow- 
nett (as yt were) of feathers, the skynns hanging round 
about his head, neck, and showlders, and in a manner cover- 
ing his face. The faces of all their priests are painted so 
uglye as they can devise; in their hands they carry every 
one his rattle, for the most part as a symbole of his place 
and profession, some basse, some smaller. Their devotion is 
most in songs, which the chief priest begynns and the rest 
follow him; sometymes he makes invocation with broken 
sentences, by starts and straung passions, and at every pawse 
the rest of the priests give a short groane. 

We have not yet hitherto perceaved that any solemne fast, 
or ferie precidanee vigilli,| or any one daye more holy then 
other, is amongst them, but only in some great distresse of 
want, feare of enemyes, tymes of tryumph, and gathering 
togither their fruicts. The whole country—men, women, 
and children—come togither to their solempnities, the man- 
ner of which jolly devotion is sometymes to make a great fier 
in the house or fields, and all to sing and daunce about yt, 
in a ring like so many fayries, with rattles and showtes, four 


1 This unusual expression for vigils or eves is thus treated of by Aulus 
Gellius, lib. iv, cap 6.— Porcam et hostias quasdam precidaneas, sicuti 
dixi, appellari vulgo notum est; ferias precidaneas dici, id opinor, a 
vulgo remotum est.” 


92 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


or five howers togither, sometymes fashioning themselves in 
twoo companies, keeping a great circuite; one company 
daunceth one waye and the other the contrary, all very finely 
painted, certaine men going before with eyther of them a 
rattle, other following in the midst, and the rest of the 
trayne of both wings in order four and four; and in the 
reare, certayne of the chiefest yong men, with long switches 
in their hands, to keepe them in their places ; after all which 
followes the governour, or weroance himself, in a more slow 
or solemne measure, stopping and dauncinge, and all singing 
very timable. 

They have also divers conjurations : one they made at what 
tyme they had taken Captain Smyth prisoner, to know, as 
they reported, if any more of his countrymen would arrive 
there, and what they intended; the manner of yt Captain 
Smyth observed to be as followeth: first, soe sone as daie was 
shut in, they kindled a faire great fier in a lone howse, about 
which assembled seven priests, takinge Captain Smyth by the 
hand, and appointing him his seat ; about the fier they made 
a kynd of enchanted circle of meale ; that done, the chiefest 
priest, attyred as is expressed, gravely began to sing and shake 
his rattle, solemly rownding and marching about the fier, the 
rest followed him silently untill his song was done, which 
they all shutt up with a groane. At the end of the first 
song the chief priest layd downe certaine graines of wheat, 
and so continuyed howling and invoking their okeus to 
stand firme and powerful to them in divers varieties of songs, 
still counting the songs by the graynes, untill they had 
circled the fier three tymes, then they devided the graynes 
by certaine number with little sticks, all the while muttering 
some ympious thing unto themselves, oftentymes looking 
upon Capt. Smyth. In this manner they contynued ten or 
twelve howers without any other ceremonies or intermission, 
with such violent stretching of their armes, and various pas- 
sions, jestures, and simptoms, as might well seeme strang to 


INTO VIRGINIA. 93 


him before whom they so conjured, and who every hower 
expected to be the hoast and one of their sacrifice. Not any 
meat did they eat untill yt was very late, and the night far 
spent. About the rising of the morning starr they seemed 
to have finished their work of darknes, and then drew forth 
such provision as was in the said howse, and feasted them- 
selves and him with much mirth. Three or fower dayes 
they contynued these elvish ceremonies. Now besides these 
manner of conjurations thus within dores (as we read the 
augurers, in the old tymes of the like superstition, did ascend 
or goe up into the certaine towers or high places, called there- 
fore auguracula, to divine of matters), so doe they goe forth, and 
either upon some rock standing alone, or upon some desolate 
promontery top, or ells into the midst of thick and solitary 
woodes they call upon their okeus and importune their other 
quioughcosughes with most impetuous and interminate cla- 
mours and howling, and with such paynes and strayned 
accions, as the neighbour places ecchoe againe of the same, 
and themselves are all in a sweat and over wearied. 

They have also certaine aulter stones which they call paw- 
corances; but those stand from their temples, some by their 
howses, others in the woodes and wilderness; upon these 
they offer blood, deare suett, and tobacco, and that when 
they returne safe from the warrs, luckely from hunting, and 
upon many other occasions. 

We understand they give great reverence to the sun; for 
which, both at his early rising and late sitting, they couch 
themselves downe, and lift up their hands and eyes, and at 
certayne tymes make a round circle on the ground with to- 
bacco, into which they reverently enter, and murmure cer- 
taine unhallowed wordes with many a deformed gesture. 

They have also another kind of sorcery which they use in 
stormes, a kynd of botanomantia' with herbes ; when the wa- 
ters are rough in the rivers and sea-coasts, their conjurers 


1 Soothsaying from herbs, 


94 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


run to the waters sides, or, passing in their quintans, after 
many hellish outcryes and invocations, they cast whesican, 
tobacco, copper, pocones, or such trash into the water, to 
pacifye that god whome they thinck to be very angry in 
those stormes. 

Before their dinners and suppers (as Heliodorus remem- 
bers the Egyptians were wont to doe when they sate to meate, 
or at candlelight) the better sort will doe a kind of sacrifice, 
taking the first bitt and castinge yt into the fier, and to yt 
repeat certaine wordes. I have heard Machumps, at Sir 
Thos. Dale’s table, once or twice (upon our request) repeat 
the said grace as yt were, howbeit I forgot to take yt from 
hin in writinge. 

In some part of the country they have yerely a sacrifice of 
children; such a one was at Quiyoughcohanock, some ten 
miles from James Towne, as also at Kecoughtan, which Capt. 
Georg Percy was at, and observed. The manner of it was, 
fifteene of the properest yonge boyes, betweene ten and 
fifteene yeares of age, they paynted white; having brought 
them forth, the people spent the forenone in dauncing and 
singing about them with rattles. In the afternoone they 
solemly led those childrene to a certayne tree appointed for 
the same purpose; at the roote whereof, round about, they 
made the childrene to sitt downe, and by them stood the 
most and the ablest of the men, and some of them the fathers 
of the childrene, as a watchfull guard, every one having a 
bastinado in his hand of reedes, and these opened a lane 
betweene all along, through which were appointed five young 
men to fetch those childrene ; and accordingly every one of 
the five tooke his turne and passed through the guard to 
fetch a child, the guard fiercely beating them the while with 
their bastinadoes, and shewing much anger and displeasure 
to have the children so ravisht from them; all which the 
young men pacyently endured, receaying the blowes and 
defending the children, with their naked bodies, from the 


INTO VIRGINIA. 95 


unmersifull stroakes, that paid them soundly, though the 
children escaped. All the while sate the mothers and kins- 
women afar off, looking on, weeping and crying out very 
passionately, and some, in pretty waymenting! tunes, sing- 
ing (as yt were) their dirge or funeral song, provided with 
matts, skynnes, mosse, and dry wood by them, as things fitt- 
ing their children’s funeralls. After the childrene were thus 
forceably taken from the guard, the guard possessed (as yt 
were) with a vyolent fury, entred uppon the tree and tore yt 
downe, bowes and braunches, with such a terrible fierceness 
and strength, that they rent the very body of yt, and shi- 
vered yt in a hundred peeces, whereof some of them made 
them garlandes for their heads, and some stuck of the 
braunches and leaves in their haire, wreathinge them in the 
same, and so went up and downe as mourners, with heavy 
and sad downecast lookes. What ells was done with the 
childrene might not be seene by our people, further then 
that they were all cast on a heape in a valleye, where was 
made a great and solemne feast for all the companye; at the 
going whereunto, the night now approaching, the Indians 
desired our people that they would withdraw themselves and 
leave them to their further proceedings, the which they did: 
only some of the weroances being demanded the meaning of 
this sacrifice, made answeare, that the childrene did not all 


‘of them suffer death, but that the okeus did suck the blood 


from the leaft breast of the child whose chaunce it was to be 
his by lott, till he were dead, and the remaine were kept in 
the wilderness by the said young men till nine moones were 
expired, during which tyme they must not converse with 
any; and of these were made the priests and conjurers, to 
be instructed by tradition from the elder priests. These 
sacrifices, or catharmata, they hold to be so necessary, that 
if they should omitt them they suppose this okeus, and all 
the other quioughcosughes, which are their other gods, would 
1 Soin MS. Probably “plaintive”. 


96 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


let them no deare, turkies, corne, nor fish, and yet besides 
he would make a great slaughter amongst them; insomuch 
as if ever the ancyent superstitious tymes feared the devill’s 
postularia fulgura, lightnings that-signified religion of sacri- 
fices and vowes to be neglected,' these people are dreadfully 
afflicted with the terror of the like, insomuch as, I may truly 
saye therefore, the like thunder and lightening is seldome 
againe eyther seene or heard in Europe as is here. 
Concerning the ymmortality of the sowle, they suppose 
that the common people shall not live after death; but they 
thinck that their weroances and priests, indeed whom they 
esteeme half quioughcosughes, when their bodyes are laied 
in the earth, that that which is within shall goe beyond the 
mountaynes, and travell as farr as where the sun setts into 
most pleasant fields, growndes, and pastures, where yt shall 
doe no labour; but, stuck finely with feathers, and painted 
with oyle and pocones, rest in all quiet and peace, and eat 
delicious fruicts, and have store of copper, beades, and 
hatchetts; sing, daunce, and have all variety of delights and 
merryments till that waxe old there, as the body did on 
earth, and then yt shall dissolve and die, and come into a 
woman’s womb againe, and so be a new borne unto the 
world; not unlike the heathen Pythagoras his opinyon, and 
fable of metempsychosis; nor is this opinion more ridiculous 
or savage then was the Epicures, long since, in tyme too of 
morality, who taught that the sowle of man, as of brute 
beasts, was nothing ells but life, or the vitall power arrisinge 
of the temperature and perfeccion of the body, and therefore 
died and extinguished togither with the body, the sowle so 
being a meere quality in the body, and when the body was 


1 The rendering here given by Strachey of “postularia fulgura” is 
evidently from Festus, though his quaint diction would mislead the 
reader as to the intention of the words. Festus gives the following defini- 
tion of the term. “Fulgura que votorum aut sacrificiorum spretam 
religionem designant”. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 97 


to dissolve, the sowle must likewise become nothing ; nor is 
it more hethenous then our Athists, who would even out of 
scripture prophanely conclude no ymortality of the sowle, to 
be wresting that of Solomon, who saieth, “The condicion of 
men and beasts are even as one”, not acknowledging their 
impious reasonings by fallacies, concluding that which is in 
some respect soe to be simply so, as because their bodies dye 
alike, therefore the sowle of man must perish too. But, alas, 
well maye these heathen be pityed and pardoned untill they 
shall be taught better, neither borne under grace, nor of the 
seed of promise, when such as professe themselves in their 
great place to be our Saviour Christ’s chief vicars here upon 
earth, dare be farr more dissolute, as yt is written of Paule 
the third, Pope of Rome, when he was breathing out his 
sowle, and ready to dye, said that now, at length, he should 
try and knowe three things whereof in his whole tyme he 
much doubted (viz.), whether there was a God; secondly, 
whether sowles were immortal; and lastly, whether there 
was any hell: and Stephanus upon Heroditus remembers us 
how Pope Leo X answered Cardinal Bembo, that alleadged 


‘some part of the gospell unto him,— Lord Cardinall, what 


a wealth this fable of Jesus Christ hath gotten us.” I say, 
therefore, yt may well seeme lesse straung if amonge these 
infidells both the knowledg of our Saviour be questioned, 
and the ymmortality of the sowle not rightly understood. 
Howbeyt, to divert them from this blindness, many of our 
people have used their best endeavours, chiefly with Pepis- 
cumah, weroance of Quiyoughcohanock, whose apprehension 
and good disposicion towards us hath hitherto much exceeded 
any in those countryes, with whom, though as yet we have 
not prevayled to forsake his falce gods, yet this he was wonne 
to saye, that he believed our God as much exceeded theirs, 
as our guns did their bowe and arrowes; and many tymes, 
upon our people’s first comyng into the country, did send to 
the president at James Towne men with presents, entreating 
() 


MONCHEN 


98 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


him to pray to his God for rayne, for his gods would not 
send him any; and in this lamentable ignorance doe these 
poore sowles live. 
I will conclude these points with opinion of the Indians 
of Patawomeck River. The last yeare 1610, about Christ- 
mas, when Captain Argoll was there trading with Jopassus, 
the great king’s brother, after many daies of acquaintaunce 
with him, as the pynnace road before the towne Matcho- 
pongo, Jopassus comyng abourd and sitting (the wheather 
being very cold) by the fier, upon a hearth in the hold, with 
the captaine, one of our men was reading of a Bible, to which 
the Indian gave a very attent care, and looked with a very 
wisht eye upon him, as if he desired to understand what he 
read, whereupon the captayne tooke the booke, and turned 
to the picture of the Creation of the World, in the begynning 
of the booke, and caused a boy, one Spilman, who had lyved 
a whole yere with this Indian kinge, and spake his language, 
to shewe yt unto him, and to enterprete yt in his language, 
which the boy did, and which the king seemed to like well 
of ; howbeit, he bad the boy tell the captayne if he would 
heare, he would tell him the manner of their begyning, which 
was a pretty fabulous tale indeed. ‘“ We have (said he) five 
gods in all; our chief god appeares often unto us in the like- 
nes of a mighty great hare; the other four have noe visible 
shape, but are indeed the four wynds which keepe the four 
corners of the earth (and then, with his hand, he seemed to 
quarter out the scytuations of the world). Our god, who 
takes upon him this shape of a hare, conceaved with himself 
how to people this great world, and with what kinde of crea- . 
tures, and yt is true (said he) that at length he devised and 
made divers men and women, and made provision for them, 
to be kept up yet a while in a great bag. Nowe there were . 
certayne spiritts, which he described to be like great giants, : 
which came to the hare’s dwelling-place (being towards the 
rising of the sun), and had perseveraunce of the men and 


INTO VIRGINIA. 99 


women which he had put into that great bagg, and they 
would haye had them to eat, but the godlye hare reproved 
those caniball spiritts, and drove them awaye.” Now if the 
boy had asked him of what he made those men and women, 
and what those spiritts more particularly had ben, and so had 
proceeded in some order, they should have made yt hang 
together the better; but the boy was unwilling to question 
him so many things, least he should offend him; only the 
old man went on, and said how that godlike hare made the 
water, and the fish therein, and the land, and a great deare, 
which should feed upon the land; at which assembled the 
other four gods, envyous hereat, from the east, the west, from 
the north and south, and with hunting pooles kild this great 
deare, dreast him, and, after they had feasted with him, 
departed againe, east, west, north, and south; at which the 
other god, in despight for this their mallice to him, tooke all 
the haires of the slaine deare, and spred them upon the earth, 
with many powerfull words and charmes, whereby every haire 
became a deare; and then he opened the great bag, wherein 
the men and the women were, and placed them upon the 
earth, a man and a woman in one country, and a man and a 
woman in another country, and so the world tooke his first 
begynning of mankind. The captaine bad the boy ask him 
what he thought became of them after their death, to which 
he answered somewhat like as is expressed before of the 
inhabitapnts about us, how that after they are dead here, 
they goe up to a top of a high tree, and there they espie a 
faire plaine broad path waye, on both sides wherof doth grow 
all manner of pleasant fruicts, as mulberies, straberries, 
plombes, etc. In this pleasant path they rune toward the 
rising of the sun, where the godly hare’s howse is, and in the 
midway they come to a house where a woman goddesse doth 
dwell, whoe hath alwaies her doares open for hospitality, and 
hath at all tymes ready drest greene vskatahomen and poka- 
hichory, (which is greene corne brused and boyled, and wal- 


100 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


nutts beaten small, then washed from the shells with a quan-. 


tity of water, which makes a kind of milke, and which they 
esteeme an extraordinary dish,) togither with all manner of 
pleasant fruicts, in a readines to entertayne all such as doe 
travell to the great hare’s howse; and when they are well 
refreshed, they run in this pleasant path to the rising of the 


sun, where they fynd their forefathers lyving in great plea- . 


sure, in a goodly field, where they doe nothing but dawnce 
and sing, and feed on delitious fruicts with that great hare, 
who is their great god ; and when they have lyved there untill 
they be starke old men, they saie they dye there likewise by 
turnes, and come into the world againe. 

Concerning further of the religion we have not yet learned, 


nor indeed shall we ever know all the certaintye eyther of 


these their unhallowed misteries, or of their further orders 
and policyes, untill we cann make surprize of some of their 
Quiyoughquisocks. 


CAPUT VIII. 


Their manner of warrs, and consultations thereabout; of certain pro- 


phesies amongst them ; of Powhatan’s auncient enemies, and how 


they maie be wrought into league with us, and turned against him, 
whereby we maie bring him likewise to be in freindship with us ; of 
their bowes, arrowes, and swordes, targetts, drumes; of their phisick 
and chirurgery. , 
WueEn they intend any warrs, the weroances usually advise 
with their priests or conjurers, their allies and best trusted 
chauncellors and freinds; but comonly the priests have the 
resulting voice, and determyne therefore their resolutions. 
Eyther a weroance or some lustie fellowe is appointed cap- 
taine over a nation or regiment to be led forth; and when 
they would presse a number of soldiers to be ready by a day, 


an officer is dispacht awaye, who comyng into the townes, 


or otherwise meeting such whome he hath order to warne, 


ay 


INTO VIRGINIA. 101 


to strike them over the back a sound blow with a bastinado, 
and bidds them be ready to serve the great king, and tells 
them the randevous, from whence they dare not at any tyme 
appointed be absent. They seldome make warrs for lands 
or goods, but for women and children, and principally for 
revenge, so vindicative and jealous they be to be made a diri- 
sion of, and to be insulted upon by an enemy. 

There be at this tyme certayne prophesies afoot amongst 
the people enhabiting about us, of which Powhatan ys not 
meanly jealous and careful to divert the construction and 
danger which his priests contynually put him in feare of. 
[It is] not long since that his priests told him how that from 
the Chesapeack Bay a nation should arise which should dis- 
solve and give end to his empire, for which, not many yeares 
since (perplext with this divelish oracle, and divers under- 
standing thereof), according to the ancyent and gentile cus- 
toms, he destroyed and put to sword all such who might lye 
under any doubtful construccion of the said prophesie, as all 
the inhabitants, the weroance and his subjects of that pro- 
vince, and so remaine all the Chessiopeians at this daye, and 
for this cause, extinct. 

Some of the inhabitants, againe, have not spared to give 
us to understand, how they have a second prophesie likewise 
amongst them, that twice they should give overthrow and 
dishearten the attempters, and such straungers as should 
invade their territories or labour to settle a plantation among 
them, but the third tyme they themselves should fall into 
their subjection, and under their conquest ; and sure in the 
observacion of our settlement, and the manner therof hitherto, 
we maye well suppose that this their apprehension may fully 
touch at us. I leave to expresse the particulers unto an- 
other place, albeyt, let me saye here, straunge whispers 
(indeed) and secrett at this hower run among these people 
and possesse them with amazement, what may be the yssue 
of these straung preparations landed in their coasts, and 


102 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


yearly supplyed with fresher trouppes. Every newes and 
blast of rumour strykes them, to which they open their eares 
wyde, and keepe their eyes waking, with good espiall upon 
every thing that sturrs; the noyse of our drums, of our shrill 
trumpetts and great ordinaunce, terrifies them, so as they 
startle at the report of them, how far soever from the reach 
of daunger. Suspicions have bredd straunge feares amongst 
them, and those feares create as straung construccions, and 
those construccions, therefore, begett strong watch and gard, — 
especially about their great kinge, who thrusts forth trusty 
skowtes and carefull sentinells, as before mencyoned, which 
reach even from his owne court downe almost to our palisado 
gates, which answeare one another duly. Many things (whilst 
they observe us) are suffred amisse among themselves, who 
were wont to be so servily fearefull to trespasse against their 
customes, as yt was a chief point of their religion not to 
breake in any, and all this, and more then this, is thus with 
them, whilst the great tyrant himself nor his priests are now 
confident in their wonted courses. Judge all men whether 
these maye not be the forerunners of an alteration of the 
devill’s empire here? I hope they be, nay, I dare prognos- 
ticate that they usher great accydents, and that we shall 
effect them ; the Divine power assist us in this worke, which, 
begun for heavenly ends, may have as heavenly period. 
Powhatan had many enemies, especially in the westerly 
countryes, before we made our forts and habitations so neere 
the Falls ; but now the generall cause hath united them, and 
the poore power of their mallice they contend to power upon 
us. Beyond the mountaynes, and at the heads of the rivers 
upon the head of the Powhatans, are the Monacans, whose 
chief habitacion is at Rassawck, unto whome the Mowhemen- 
chuges, the Massinnacacks, the Monahassanughes, and other 
nations, pay tribute ; and the Monacans, as I said, have been 
deadly enemyes ever unto Powhatan, and maye easily be 
wyned frindship with by us to be so againe ; untill when we 


INTO VIRGINIA. 103 


shall ever have Powhatan at these prowd and insolent termes 
at which he now stands ; and therefore yt was most consider- 
ably and directly advised by one of good place, and great 
knowledg, and by long experience trayned in the managing 
of busines of this nature, when Sir Thomas Gates went over 
sole governour, May 1609, that we should endeavour what all 
envaders and planters seeke out, namely to knowe and enter- 
tayne the bordering enemye of that nation, whom we shalbe 
forced by our sitting downe amongst them, out of many 
offred occasions, to offend and constraine ; for who can be 
ignorant, saith he, that there was never any invaysion, con- 
quest, or far of plantation, that had successe without some 
partie in the place ytself, or neere yt? witnes all the con- 
quests made in these our parts of the world, and all that the 
Spaniards have performed in America; yt cannot but appeare 
to all men of judgment essensially necessary for our colony 
to get knowledg or make friendship, as conveniently as yt 
may, with as many of the weroances which border and make 
warr with Powhatan, as yt can, against whome, or against 
whose people, yf we should fynd cause now or hereafter to 
use violence. There is no man among themselves so savage, 
or not capable of so much sence, but that he will approve our 
cause, when he shalbe made to understand that Powhatan 
hath slaughtered so many of our nation without offence given, 
and such as were seated far from him, and in the territory 
of those weroances which did in no sort depend on him or 
acknowledg him ; but yt hath ben Powhatan’s great care to 
keepe us, by all meanes, from the acquaintance of those 
nations that border and confront him, for besides his know- 
ledge how easely and willingly his enemies wilbe drawne upon 
him by the least countenance and encouragement from us, 
he doth, by keeping us from trading with them, monoplize 
all the copper brought into Virginia by the English. And 
whereas the English are now content to receave, in exchaunge, 
a few measures of corne for a great deale of that mettell 


104 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


(valuyng yt according to the extreame price yt beares with 
them, not to the estymacion yt hath with us), Powhatan doth 
againe vent some small quantity thereof to his neighbour 
nations for one hundred tyme the value, reserving, notwith- 
standing, for himself a plentifull quantity to leavy men withall 
when he shall find cause to use them against us; for the be- 
fore-remembred weroance of Paspahegh did once wage four- 
teen or fifteen weroances to assist him in the attempt upon 
the fort of James towne, for one copper plate promised to 
each weroance. 

Beyond the springs of the river Tappahanock (the second 
from Powhatan’s) is a people called Mannahoaks; to these 
are contributory the Tanxsnitanians, the Shackaconias, the 
Outpankas, the Tegoneas, the Whonkentias, the Stogaras, 
the Hassinugas, and divers others, all confederates with the 
Monacans, though many of them different in language and 
very barbarous, living for the most part upon wild beasts and 
fruicts, and have likewise assisted the Monacans, in tymes 
past, against Powhatan, and maie also by us.be dealt withall 
and taken into freindship, as opportunity and meanes shall 
affourd. 

Beyond the mountaines, from whence is the head of the 
river Patawomeck, do inhabite the Massawomecks (Powha- 
tan’s yet mortall enemies) upon a great salt water, which by 
all likelyhoods may either be some part of Caneda, some great 
lake, or some inlett of some sea, that may fall into the west 
ocean or Mar del zur. ‘These Massawomecks are a great 
nation, and very populous, for the inhabitants of the heads 
of all those rivers, especyally the Patawomecks, the Pawtux- 
unts, the Sasquesahanoughes, the Tockwoghs, are conty- 
nually harbored and frighted by them, of whose cruelty the 
said people generally complained, and were very ymportu- 
nate with Captain Smyth and his company, in the tyme of 
their discovery, to free them from those tormentors, to which 
purpose they offred food, conduct, assistants, and contynuall 


INTO VIRGINIA. 105 


subjection, which were motives sufficyent for Captain Smyth 
to promise to returne with sufficient forces to constraine the 
said Massawomecks; but there were in the colony at that 
tyme such factions and base envyes, as malice in some, in 
some ignorance, and cowardize in others, made that oportu- 
nity to be lost. Seven boats’-full of these Massawomecks, 
the discoverers before mentioned encountred at the head of 
the bay, whose targetts, basketts, swords, tobacco-pipes, plat- 
ters, bowes and arrowes, and every thing, shewed they much 
exceeded them of our parts; and their dexterity in their 
severall boats, made of the barkes of trees sowed togither, 
and well luted with gum and rosin of the pine-tree, argueth 
that they are seated upon some great water. Of these, like- 
wise, yt may please the lord generall againe to enforme him- 
self, as circumstances and occasion shall serve to turne against 
Powhatan. 

I graunt that such the new inhabitants who now people 
Chesapeak againe (the old extinguished, as you have heard, 
upon the conceipt of a prophesie), togither with the wero- 
ances of Nandsamund, Warraskoyak, and Weanock, are now 
at peace with him; howbeit, they maie, peradventure, be 
drawne from him for some rownd rewards and a plentifull 
promise of copper, thus much (and not unnecessarily) 
digressed. 

Their weapons for offence are bowes and arrowes, and 
wodden swords; for defence, targetts. The bowes are of 
some young plant, eyther of the locust-tree or of weech,' 
which they bring to the forme of ours by the scraping of a 
shell, and give them strings of a stagg’s gutt, or thong of a 
deare’s hide twisted. Their arrowes are made some of streight 
young spriggs, which they head with bone, two or three 
inches long, and these they use to shoote at squirrells and 
all kind of fowle. Another sort of arrowes they use made of 
reedes : these are peeced with wood, headed with splinters of 

1 The witch hazel—“ Hamamelis Virginiana’. 


106 HISTORIE: OF TRAVAILE 


cristall or some sharp stone, with the spurrs of a turkey cock, 
or the bill of some bird, feathered with a turkey’s feather, 
which with a knife (made of the splinter of a reed, which he 
will make as sharpe as a surgeon’s gamott’) he cutts him into 
forme, and with which knife, also, he will joynt a deare, or 
any beast, shape his sandalls, buskins, mantell, etc. To make 
the notch of his arrowe, he hath the tooth of a bever sett in 
a stick, wherewith he grateth yt by degrees; his arrowe hedd 
he quickly maketh with a litle bone (which he ever weareth 
at his bracer, and which bracer is comonly of some beast’s 
skynne, eyther of the woolf, badger, or black fox, etc.) of any 
splint of a stone, or peece of a deare’s bone, of an oyster shell, 
or of cristall, in the forme of a heart, barb’d and jagged, and 
these they glue to the end of their arrowes with the synewes 
of deare and the topps of deare’s horne boyled into a jelly, 
of which they make a glue that will not dissolve in cold water. 
Forty yards will they shoot levell, or very neere the marke, 
and one hundred and twenty is their best at random. 

Their swordes be made of a kind of heavy wood which they 
have, much like such wooden instruments as our English 
women swingle their flax withall, and which they call mono- 
cocks, as the salvadges in Bariena,’ in the West Indies, call 
their[s] macanas, and be alike made; but oftentymes they 
use for swordes the horne of a deare put through a peice of 
wood in forme of a pickaxe. Some use a long stone sharp- 
ened at both ends, thrust through a handle of wood in the 
same manner, and these last they were wont to use instead 
of hatchetts to fell a tree, or cut any massy thing in sonder; 
but now, by trucking with us, they have thowsands of our 
iron hatchetts, such as they be. 

Targetts they have, though not many, nor every where ; 
but those they have are made of the barkes of trees, rownd 
and thicke ynough to keepe out an arrowe. 

1 An incision-knife., 
2 It should be Darien. See Herrera, dec. 1, lib. ix, cap. 6. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 107 


For their drums they have a great deepe platter of wood, 
the mouth whereof covering with a skyn, at each corner they 
ty a walnutt, which meeting on the back side neere the bot- 
tome, with a small cord they twitch them together untill they 
be so tough and stiffe, that they maye beat upon them as 
doe wee upon a drum, and they yield a reasonable rattling 
sownde. 

Their chief attempts are by stratagems, surprizes, and 
trecheries, yet the weroances, women, or children, they put 
not to death, but keep them captives. They have a method 
in warre, and for a pleasure Powhatan would needs have yt 
shewed once to our people, and yt was in this manner per- 
formed at Mattapanient. 

Having painted and disguised themselves in the fairest 
manner they could devise, they devided themselves into two 
companies, well neere one hundred in a company; the one 
company they called Monacan’s, the other Powhatan’s, eyther 
army had their captaine. These (as enemies) took their 
stand a muskett shott one from another, rancking them- 
selves fifteen abreast, and each ranck from other four or five 
yardes, not in file, but in the opening betwixt their files, so 
as the reare could shoot as convenyently as the front. Havy- 
ing thus pitched the field, from eyther part went a messenger 
with condicions that whosoever were vanquished, such as 
escaped, upon their submission or comyng in, though two 
daies after, should live, but their wives and childrene should 
be prize for the conquerors. The messengers were no soner 
returned, but they approached in their orders, on each flank 
a serjeant, and in the reare an officer for liuetenant, all duly 
keeping their rancks, yet leaping and singing after their 
accustomed tune, which they use only in warrs. Upon the 
first flight of arrowes, they gave such horrible showts and 
scritches as so many infernall helhounds; when they had 
spent their arrowes they joyned togither prettily, charging 
and retiring, every ranck seconding other. As they gett 


108 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


advantage, they catched their enemies by the haire of their 
head, and downe he came that was.taken; his enemy, with 
a woodden sword, seemed to beat out his braines, and still 
they crept to the reare to mayntayne the skyrmish. The 
Monocans decreasing, the Powhatans charged them in forme 
of a halfe moone ; they, unwilling to be inclosed, fled all in 
a troupe to their ambuscadoes, on whome they led them 
very cunningly. The Monocans disperst themselves among 
the freshmen, whereupon the Powhatans retired themselves 
with all speed to their seconds, which the Monocans seeing, 
tooke that advantage to retire againe to their owne battaile, 
and so each returned to theire owne quarter. All their 
accion, voices, and gestures, both in chardging and retiring, 
were so strayned to the height of their quality and nature, 
that the straungness thereof made yt seeme very delightful. 

Concerning a greene wound cawsed eyther by the stroake 
of an axe, or sword, or such sharpe thinge, they have present 
remedy for, of the juyce of certayne hearbes; howbeyt a 
compound wound (as the surgeons call it) where, beside the 
opening and cutting of the flesh, any rupture is, or bone 
broken, such as our small shotte make upon them, they 
knowe not easily how to cure, and therefore languish in the 
misery of the payne thereof. Old ulcers likewise, and putri- 
fied hurts are seldome seene cured amongst them: howbeit, 
to scarrefye a swelling, or make incisyon, they have a kind 
of instrument of some splinted stone. 

Every spring they make themselves sick with drincking 
the juyce of a roote which they call wighsacan and water, 
wherof they take soe great a quantity, that yt purgeth them 
in a very violent manner, so that in three or four daies after 
they scarse recover their former health. Sometymes they 
are sore trobled with dropseyes, swellings, aches, and such 
like deceases, by reason of their uncleanenes and fowle feed- 
ing ; for cure whereof they buyld a stove in the forme of a 
dove howse, with matts soe close, that a fewe coals therein, 
covered with a pott, will make the patient sweat extreamely. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 109 


For swelling, also, they use small pieces of touch wood in 
the forme of cloves, which, pricking on the grief, they burne 
close to the flesh, and from thence drawe the corruption 
with their mouthe. They have many professed phisitians, 
who, with their charmes and rattles, with an infernall rowt 
of words and accions, will seeme to suck their inward grief 
from their navells, or their affected places; but concerning 
our chirugians they are generally so conceipted of them, 
that they believe that their plaisters will heale any hurt. 


CAPUT IX. 


Of their seeconomick or howshold affaires ; how they obteyne their wives ; 
the women’s works ; and wherefore they contend for manie wives. 
Tury expresse their loves to such women as they would make 
choise to live withall, by presenting them with the fruicts of 
their labours, as by fowle, fish, or wild beasts, which by their 
huntings, their bowes and arrowes, by weeres, or otherwise, 
they obteyne, which they bring unto the young women, as 
also of such somer fruicts and berries which their travells 
abroad hath made them knowe readely where to gather, and 
those of the best kind in their season. Yf the young may- 
den become once to be sororians virgo,’ and live under pa- 
rents, the parents must allow of the sutor; and for their 
good wills, the woer promiseth that the daughter shall not 
want of such provisions, nor of deare skynns fitly drest for to 
weare ; besides, he promiseth to doe his endeavour to procure 
her beades, perle, and copper, and for handsell gives her 
before them something as a kind of arrasponsalitia, token of 
betroathing or contract of a further amity and acquaintance 
to be contynued betweene them, as so after as the likeing 

1 7.e. arrived at puberty. Festus says “Sororiare mamme dicuntur 


puellarum, cum primum tumescunt.” 
2 Harnest money in ratification of the espousals, 


110 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


growes; and as soone as he hath provided her a house (if 
he have none before) and some platters, morters, and 
matts, he takes her home; and the weroances after this man- 
ner maye have as many as they can obteyne, howbeyt all the 
rest whome they take after their first choise are (as yt were) 
mercynary, hired but by covenant and condicion, for a tyme, 
a yeare or soe, after which they may putt them awaye; but 
if they keepe them longer then the tyme appointed, they 
must ever keepe them, how deformed, deseased, or unaccom- 
paniable soever they may prove. 

They are people most voluptious; yet are the women very 
carefull not to be suspected of dishonesty, without the leave 
of the husbands; but he giving his consent, they are like 
Virgill’s scrantie,' and may embrase the acquaintance of any 
straunger for nothing, and it is accompted no offence; and 
incredible yt is, with what heat both sexes of them are given 
over to those intemperances, and the men to preposterous 
Venus, for which they are full of their countrye desease (the 
pox) very young; for cure of which, yet, they have both 
meanes of their owne, and sufficient skill, applying certaine 
herbes and brused roots which doe presently ease, and in 
tyme cure (which kind of medicines Paracelsus calleth 
sedativa medicamenta), having, beside the saxafras, one 
hearb which (as yt is supposed) in short tyme quencheth and 
mortifieth the malignant poyson of that fowle desease. 

The women are said to be easily delivered of child; yet do 
they love childrene very dearly. To make the children hardye, 
in the coldest mornings they wash them in the rivers, and by 
paintings and oyntements so tanne their skynns that, after a 
yeare or twoo no weather will hurt them ; as also, to practize © 
their children in the use of ther bowes and arrowes, the mo- 
thers doe not give them their breakfast in a morning before 
they have hitt a marke which she appoints them to shoot at: 


1 We have not met with this word in Virgil. It occurs in Plautus as 
the epithet of a despicable woman. 


a 


INTO VIRGINIA. 111 


and comonly so cunning they will have them, as throwing up 
in the ayre a piece of mosse, or some such light thinge, the 
boy must with his arrowe meete yt in the fall, and hit it, or 
ells he shall not have his breckfast. 

Both men, women, and childrene have their severall names; 
at first according to the severall humour of their parents ; 
and for the men children, at first, when they are young, 
their mothers give them a name, calling them by some affec- 
tionate title, or, perhapps observing their promising inclina- 
tion give yt accordingly ; and so the great King Powhatan 
called a young daughter of his, whome he loved well, Pocha- 
huntas, which may signifie little wanton; howbeyt she was 
rightly called Amonate at more ripe yeares. When they 
become able to travel into the woods, and to goe forth a 
hunting, fowling, and fishing with their fathers, the fathers 
give him another name as he finds him apt and of spiritt to 
prove toward and valiant, or otherwise changing the mother’s, 
which yet in the family is not so soone forgotten; and if soe 
be yt be by agility, strength, or any extraordinary straine of 
witt he performes any remarkeable or valerous exploite in 
open act of armes, or by stratagem, especyally in the tyme 
of extreamity in the warrs for the publique and common state, 
upon the enemie, the king, taking notice of the same, doth 
then not only in open view and solemnely reward him with 
some present of copper, or chaine of perle, and bedes, but 
doth then likewise (and which they take for the most emynent 
and supreme favour) give him a name answearable to the 
attempt, not much differing herein from the auncyent war- 
like encouragement and order of the Romans to a well de- 


~ serving and gallant young spirrit. 


The men fish, hunt, fowle, goe to the warrs, make the 
weeres, botes, and such like manly exercises and all laboures 
abroad. The women, as the weaker sort, be put to the easier 
workes, to sow their corne, to weed and cleanse the same of 
the orabauke, dodder, and choak weed, and such like, which 


112 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


ells would wynd about the corne and hinder the growth of 
yt; for, by reason of the rankness and lustines of the grownd, 
such weedes spring up very easely and thick, and if not 
pluckt awaie, the corne would prosper so much the worse ; 
for which they keepe the hillocks of theire corne, and the 
passadg between (for they sett their wheat as we doe our 
hoppes, an equal distance one hill from another) as neat and 
cleane as we doe our gardein bedds: likewise the women 
plant and attend the gardeins, dresse the meate brought 


home, make their broaths and pockerchicory drinckes, make . 


matts and basketts, pownd their wheat, make their bread, 
prepare their vessels, beare all kindes of burthens, and such 
like, and to which the children sett their handes, helping 
their mothers. 

There are notes to be taken w which may be discerned a 
marryed woman from a mayd: the maydes have the forepart 
of their heads and sides shaven close, the hinder part very 
long, which they wynd very prettely and ymbroyder in 
playtes, letting yt hang so to the full length: the marryed 
women weare their haire all of a length, shaven as the Irish 
by a dish." : 

The women have a great care to maynteyne and keepe 
fier light still within their howses, and if at any time it go 
out, they take yt for an evil signe, but if yt be out they kin- 
dle yt againe presently, by chauffing a dry pointed stick in 
a hole of a little square piece of wood; that firing ytself will 


so: fier mosse, leaves, or any such like thing that is apt 


quickly to burne. 

They make them sometimes candells of the fattest splin- 
ters of the pine or firre tree, which will give a good cliere 
light, and burne strongly, though the matter will soon con- 
sume, for which they have many slivers ready cut out afoote 
long, some shorter, to be ready to light a second as soone as 
the first goes out ; and in Shropshier, betweene the lordships 


1 7, ¢e. a bowl. 


| 


We 


a 


INTO VIRGINIA. 113 


of Oswestry and Ellesmere, the like lightes they use at this 
daie of the firre tree, of which yt is sayd there be infinite 
taken dailie out of the earth in a marish grownd, and sup- 
posed to have lyen in the moist earth ever since the generall 
flood, the chippes whereof they use in steed of candells, in 
poore howses, so fatt is the wood, as is the smell also strong 
and sweet. 

Their corne and (indeed) their copper, hatchetts, howses, 
beades, perle, and most things with them of value, according 
to their owne estymacion, they hide, one from the knowledge 
of another, in the grownd within the woodes, and so keepe 
them all the yeare, or untill they have fitt use for them, as 
the Romains did their monies and treasure in certaine cel- 
lars, called, therefore, as Plinye remembers, favisse; and 
when they take them forth, they scarse make their women 
privie to the storehowse. 

They are much desirous of our comodityes, and therefore 
when any of our boates arrive before their townes, they will 
come downe unto us, or suffer us to come up into their 
howses, and demaund after copper, white beades, howes to 
pare their corne feilds,.and hatchetts, for which they will 
give us of such things as they have in exchaung, as deere 
skins, furrs of the wild catt, black fox, beaver, otter, arach- 
oune, fowle, fish, deare, or beare’s flesh dried, deare’s suet 
made up handsomely in cakes, their country corne, peas, 
beanes, and such like; and indeed (to say truith) their victuall 


is their chief riches. 


We have observed how when they would affirme any thing 
by much earnestnes and truith, they use to bynd yt by a 
kynd of oath; either by the life of the great king, or by 
pointing up to the sun and clapping the right hand upon 
the heart, and sometymes they have bene understood to 
sweare by the manes of their dead father. 

If they will expresse that we and they wilbe or are all one 
friendes or brothers, as their word is, they will joyne the 

Q 


114 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


indices or twoo forefingers togither of either hand, as the 
Indians of Nova Francia; or ells, clasping their fingers within 
ours, they will saie, so and so close joyned and neere we are 
unto their loves. 

The reason whie each chief patron of a familie, especially 
weroances, are desirous, and indeed strive for manie wives, is, 
because they would have manie children, who maie, if chaunce 
be, fight for them when they are old, as also then feed and 
mayntein them; yet sure, for the nomber of people inhabiting 
these partes, this country hath not appeared so populous 
here to us as ellswhere in the West Indies; and perhappes 
their ignorance in not fynding out yet the use of many 
things necessarie and beneficiall to nature, which their coun- 
trie yet plentifwlly and naturally affordes, their often warrs 
for women (in which manie hundreds perish), and their 
ymoderate use and multiplicity of women (and those often 
full of fowle diseases) leave this country not so well stocked 
as other parts of the maine, and as the islands have bene 
found to be by the Spaniards; besides (under correction) 
yt yet maie be a probleme in philosophy whether variety of 
women be a furtherance or hinderer of manie birthes? yt 
being cleere in these conntries where (as I said) so manie 
penuries for want of knowledge yet be amongst the people, 
that the tired body cannot have those sensuall helpes (as the 
Turkes) to hold up the ymoderate desires, manie women 
deviding the body, and the strength thereof, make yt generall 
unfitt to the office of increase rather than otherwise: and so 
maie the comon people espécially, for the most part, for this 
reason likewise be not so long lived here as ellswhere, even 
amongst salvadges where greater moderacion is used, and 
where they keepe a stricter ceremonie in their kind of mar- 
riages, and have not as manie women as they can buy or wyn 
by force and violence from the enemyes. 


INTO VIRGINIA. * 115 


CAPUT X. 
Of the commodities of the country,—fruicts, trees, beasts, fowle, fish, perle, 


copper, and mines. 
Tuar yt may yet further appeare howe this country is not so 
naked of commoditie nor wretched of provision fitt for the sus- 
tenance of mankind, as some ygnorantly ymagine, and others 
have falcely reported, I will in this chapter propose (for the 
testimonie of the truith thereof I may appeale to many hun- 
dreds, which may convince), the relation of a discourse only 
for forme or assentacion delivered ; nor lett any man sup- 
pose that materialls of so good a navie as maie be there 
framed for planckes, masts, pitch, and tarre, soapashes, tur- 
pentine, iron, cordage, mulberry trees for silke, and another 
kind of silke of the grasse, saxafras, and other aromaticall 
druggs, gums, oyle, and dyes are of noe value, or not worthy 
the exposure of a colonie for secondarie and politique endes 
to be established there, since Muscovia and Polcnia doe 
yearlie receave manie thowsandes for pitch, tarre, sopeashes, 
rosin, flax, cordage, sturgeon, masts, yardes, waynscot, firrs, 
glasse, and such like; also Swethland' receaves much from 
us for iron and copper; France, in like manner, for wyne, 
canvass, and salt; Spayne as much for iron, steele, figgs, ray- 
sons, and sacks; Italy for silks and velvetts, consumes our 
chief commodites ; Holland maynteynes yt self by fishing and 
trading at our own dores. All these temporize with others 
for necessity, but all as uncertaine as peace and warre; 
besides the charge, travell, and daunger in transporting 
them by seas, lands, stormes, and pyratts. Then how much 
may Virginia have the prerogative for the benefitt of our 
land, when as within one hundred miles all these are to be 
had either readie provided by nature, or ells to be prepared, 
were there but industrious men to labour ; so as, then, here 


1 ¢.e. Sweden. 


116 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


is a place, a nurse for soldiers, a practize for marriners, a 
trade for marchants, a reward for the good, and, that which 
is most of all, a busines most acceptable to God, to bring 
poore infidells to his knowledge; and, albeit, our shipps 
(some will object) now returning from thence yearly, come 
freighted home only, yet with certaine pretious woods ; yt is 
to be remembered how that from Hispaniola, Cuba, and 
Portrico the Spaniards, in their yearely daies of possessing 
the Indies, made returnes a long tyme of the like, as of 
cassia, fistula, ebony, guacum, lignum vite, etc., untill they 
found out the mynes, as may wee, we doubt nothing, in the 
heart and bosome of ours when we shalbe enabled truly to 
dissect yt, fynding such appearances now in the suburbs of 
yt, as yt were, the which to tyme, the true revealer of great 
thinges, I submit, or rather to Him from whom, if our un- 
thankfulness deprive us not of the blessing, we may expect a 
prosperous and assured compensacion and satisfaccion to 
wipe of all skores, e¢ in assem satisfacere, all the chardges 
and disbursements which have hitherto gone out for yt; 
albeit, such is the busines, as yt should awake all charitable 
Christians to follow yt according to the goodness of the 
cause, and not according to the greatnes of proffitt and 
commodities. Lett Mammon perish with his gold, that 
hath no other but such stubble meerely to enkindle the flame 
of his zeale unto so holie a worke. 

The natives have here a kinde of wheat which they call 
poketawes, as the West Indians call the same maiz. The 
forme of yt is of a man’s tooth, somewhat thicker ; for the 
preparing of the ground for which, they use this manner :— 
they bruise the barke of those trees which they will take 
awaie neere the roote, then do they scorch the rootes with fier, 
that they grow no more; the next yeare, with a crooked piece 
of wood, they beat up those trees by the rootes, and in their 
mowldes they plant their corne: the manner is thus, they 


si 
i 
5 


—— 


INTO VIRGINIA. 117 


make a hole in the earth with a stick, and into yt they put 
three or five graines of wheat, and one or three of beanes: 
these holes they make four or five foot one from another, for 
the corne being set close together, one stalke would choak 
ells the growth of another, and so render both unprofitable. 
Their women and children do contynually keepe the ground 
with weeding, and when the corne is growne middle high, 
they hill yt about like a hoppeyard, and the stalke will growe 
a man’s height, or rather more, from the ground, and every 
stalke commonly beareth twoo eares, some three, manie but 
one, and some none. Every eare groweth with a great hose 
or pill about yt and above yt; the stalke being greene hath a 
sweet juyce in yt, somewhat like a sugar-cane, which is the 
cause that when they gather the corne greene, they suck the 
stalkes, for as we gather greene peas, so do they, their corne 
being greene, which excelleth their old. 

Peas! they have, which the natives call assentemmens, and 
are the same which in Italy they call fagioli. 

Their beanes? are little like a French beane, and are the 
same which the Turks call garvances, and these kind of pulse 
they much esteeme for daynties. 

By their dwellings are some great mulberrye® trees, and 
these in some parte of the country are found growing naturally 
in pretty groves: there was an assay made to make silke, and 
surely the wormes prospered excellently well untill the master 
workeman fell sick, during which tyme they were eaten with 
ratts, and this wilbe a commoditie not meanely profitable. 
Now yt is seriously considered of, and order taken that yt 
shalbe duly followed. 

In some places we fynd chesnutts,* whose wild fruict I maie 


1 Probably a species of phaseolus, and the same as the “ wild pease” of 
Clayton. 

2 Also probably a species of phaseolus. 

8 Morus rubra, L. A species differing from the European. 

4 The same species with the European chestnut, castanea vesca, Geertn. 


118 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


well saie equallize the best in Fraunce, Spaine, Germany, 
Italy, or those so commended in the Black sea, by Constan- 
tinople, of all which I have eaten. 

They have a small fruict growing in little trees, husked 
like a chesnut, but the fruict most like a very small acron, 
this they call chechniquamins,' and these, with chesnutts, they 
boile four or five houres, of which they make both broth and 
bread, for their chief men, or at their greatest feasts. 

They have cherries,? much like a damoizin, but for their 
tast and cullour we called them cherries ; and a plomb there 
is, somwhat fairer then a cherrie, of the same relish, then 
which are seldome a better eaten. 

They have a berry much like our goose-berries® in great- 
ness, cullour, and tast, these they call rawcomenes, and they 
doe eate them rawe or boyled. 

In the watry valleis groweth a berry which they call ocough- 
tanamins, very much like unto capers; these they gather and 
dry in the heat of the sun, and when they will eate them, 
they boyle them nere halfe a daie, for otherwise they differ 
not much from poison. 

Nattourne groweth as our bents doe in meadowes, the seed 
is not much unlike to rie,* though much smaller ; these they 
use for a deyntie bread, buttered with deare’s suett. 

They have a plomb which they call pessemmins,' like to a 
medler, in England, but of a deeper tawnie cullour; they 
grow on a most high tree. When they are not fully ripe, they 


are harsh and choakie, and furre in a man’s mouth like allam, . 


1 The “ chinquapin-bush” of Catesby’s “Carolina”, and castanea pumila 
of Michaux. 

2 There are several native species of cherries and plums; but the de- 
scription is not sufficient for their discrimination. 

8 Probably a true gooseberry ; but Clayton gives the name of “ goose- 
berries” to the vacciniwm stamineam of Linneeus. 

4 Leersia Virginica, Willd.? but if so, the comparison should be with 
rice, and not with rye. 

5 Diospyros Virginiana, L. (now called persimon.) 


INTO VIRGINIA. 119 


howbeit, being taken fully ripe, yt is a reasonable pleasant 
fruict, somewhat lushious. I have seene our people put them 
into their baked and sodden puddings; there be whose tast 
allowes them to be as pretious as the English apricock ; I con- 
fesse it is a good kind of horse plomb. 

Here is a cherry-redd fruict both within and without (as I 
have seene the like in the Bermudas), which wee call the 
prickle peare ;' in the Indies they are well knowne to every 
common marryner; they beare a broad, thick, spungeous leafe, 
full of kernells ; they be like unto the pomegranet ; the tast 
of this peare is verie pleasant, and the juyce cold and fresh, 
like the water in the West Indian nut called cocus; the juyce 
is sharpe and penetrable like deale-wyne,’ prescribed power- 
full against the stone. 

Here is a fruict by the naturalls called a maracock ;* this 
groweth generally low, and creepeth in a manner amongst the 
corne (albeit I have seene yt, planted in a gardein within our 
fort, at James Towne, to spred and rise as high as the pale); 
yt is of the bignes of a queen apple, and hath manie azurine 
or blew karnells, like as a pomegranet, and yt bloometh a 
most sweet and delicate flower, and yt is a good sommer 
cooling fruict, and in every field where the Indians plant their 
corne be cart-loads of them. 

The macokos‘ is of the forme of our pumpeons,—I must 
confesse, nothing so good,—’tis of a more waterish tast ; the 
inhabitants seeth a kind of million,’ which they put into their 
walnut-milke, and so make a kynd of toothsome meat. 


1 Opuntia vulgaris, Mill. The well-known Indian fig, or prickly pear. 

2 7.e. spruce. 

3 Passiflora incarnata of Linneeus. 

4 Gerard notices “the Virginian macocks or pompion”, and also “the 
Virginian water-melon”. These are probably varieties of the common 
pumpkin, cucurbita pepo, L.; but this plant is not regarded by American 
botanists as indigenous, while the calabash, lagenaria vulgaris of Séringe, 
is known to have been cultivated by the Indians from the earliest period. 

5 Melon. 


120 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


In Aprill, Maie, and June, are great store of strawberries, 
raspices,' hurts, etc., and many hearbs in the spring time are 
comonly dispersed throughout the woodes, good for broathes 
and sallotts, as violetts, purselin, sorrell, and roses, in their 
season, etc., besides many we used whose names we knowe not. 

It would easilie raise a well-stayed judgement into wonder 
(as Sir Thomas Dale hath writt sometimes unto his majesty’s 
counsell here for Virginia) to behold the goodly vines* 
burthening every neighbour bush, and clymbing the toppes 
of highest trees, and those full of clusters of grapes in their 
kind, however dreeped and shadowed soever from the sun, 
and though never pruned or manured. I dare saie yt, that 
we have eaten there, as full and lushious a grape as in the 
villages betweene Paris and Amiens, and I have drunck often 
of the rathe* wine, which Doctor Bohune and other of our 
people have made full as good, as your French British wyne. 

Twenty gallons at a tyme have bene sometimes made with- 
out any other helpe then by crushing the grape with the hand, 
which letting to settle five or six daies, hath, in the drawing - 
forth, proved strong and headdy. Unto what perfection might 
not these be brought by the art and industry of manie skil- 
full vineroones,® being thus naturally good? And how mate- 
riall and principall a commoditie this maie prove, either for 
the benefitt of such who shall inhabit there, or to be returned 
over hither (especially where we maie have pipe staves to make 
our casks of, so cheape, and at hand), I preferre yt to indif- 
ferent judgements. 


1 “Raspices” probably comprehended all kinds of blackberries. The 
true raspberry is not indigenous to the United States; but there are 
several closely related native species. 

2 “ Hurts” are, no doubt, the fruits of a species of vaccinium, so called 
from their resemblance to the hurts, or whortleberries, of our own country. 

3 Probably vitis vulpina of Linnseus, the fox-grape of the southern 
states. The cultivated varieties of vitis labrusca, the fox-grape of the 
northern states, appear to be at present more esteemed. 

4 Karly. 5 Vignerons. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 121 


Many rootes the Indians have here likewise for food. The 
chief they call tockowhough,' and yt groweth like a flag in low 
muddy freshes ; in one day a salvadge will gather sufficient for 
a weeke : these rootes are much of the greatnes and tast of 
potatoes. They use to rake up a great nomber of them in old 
leaves and ferne, and then cover all with earth or sand, in the 
manner of a coal-pit ; on each side they contynue a great fier 
a daie and a night before they dare eate yt: rawe, yt is no 
better then poison, and being roasted (except yt be tender 
and the heat abated, or sliced and dryed in the sun, mixed 
with sorrell and meale, or such like), yt will prickle and tor- 
ment the throat extreamely, and yet in sommer they use this 
ordinarily for bread. 

They have another roote which they call vighsacan ; as the 
other feedeth the bodie, so this cureth their hurts and dis- 
eases, yt is a smale roote, which they bruise and applie to the 
wound. 

Pocones? is a small roote that groweth in the mountaines, 
which, being dried and beat into powlder, turneth red, and 
this they use for swellings, aches, annoynting their joynts, 
paynting their heads and garments with yt, for which they 
accompt yt very pretious and of much worth. 

Musquaspenne is a root of the bignes of a finger, and as red 
as blood ; in drying, it will wither almost to nothing: with 
this they use to paynt their matts, targetts, and such like. 

There is here great store of tobacco, which the salvages call 
apooke ; howbeit yt is not of the best kynd, yt is but poore 
and weake, and of a byting tast, yt growes not fully a yard 
above ground, bearing a little yellowe flower, like to henne- 

1 Lycoperdon solidum of Linneus. “Ad panem conficiendum Indi 
utuntur, vulgo Tuckahoo.”—Clayton. 

2 Anchusa Virginiana of Linnzeus, “ Puccoon indigenis dicta, qua se 
pingunt Americani.”—Plukenet. But it appears from Clayton that the 
natives gave the same name to the “ blood-root,” sanguinaria canadensis . 


of Linnzus. Perhaps one or other of these (and more probably the latter) 
may be indicated in the following paragraph. 


R 


122 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


bane, the leaves are short and thick, somewhat round at the 
upper end; whereas the best tobacco of Trynidado and the 
Oronoque is large, sharpe, and growing two or three yardes 
from the ground, bearing a flower of the bredth of our bell- 
flowers in England: the salvages here dry the leaves of this 
apooke over the fier, and sometymes in the sun, and crumble 
yt into poulder, stalks, leaves, and all, taking the same in 
pipes of earth, which very ingeniously they can make. We 
observe that those Indians which have one, twoo, or more 
women, take much,—but such as yet have no nisin: 
woman take little or none at all. 

Here is also pellitory of Spaine, and divers other “iain 
-which our appothecaries have geathered and found to be 
good and medicinable. 

In the low marishes grow plotts of onions conteyning an 
acre of ground or more in manie places, but they are small, 
like the chiballs,! or schallions,? not past the bignes of the 
toppe of one’s thumb: they eate well sod or otherwise in 
sallet or in bakt meats. Our people find good and whol- 
some relish in them; howbeit the inhabitants cannot abyde 
to eate of them; and these onions doe for the most part 
appeare in the last season of the yeare, for yt is to be under- 
stood how the Indians devide the -yeare into five seasons,— 
the winter, which they call popanow, the spring, cattapeuk, 
the sommer, cohattayough, the earing of their corne, nepen- 
ough, the harvest and fall of the leafe, taquitock. 

They have divers beasts fitt for provision; the chief are 
deare, both redd and fallow; great store in the country 
towards the heads of the rivers, though not so many amongst 
the rivers. In our island, about James Towne, are some few 
nothing differing from ours in England, but that of some of 
them the antletts of their hornes are not so manie. Our peo- 
ple have seene two hundred, one hundred, and fifty in a herd. 

There is a beast they call arocoune, much like a badger, 


1 Chives, cipolle. 2 Shallots, echalottes. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 123 


tayled like a fox, and of a mingle black and grayish cullour, 
and which useth to live on trees, as squirrells doe. Excellent 
meate we kill often of them: the greatest nomber yet we 
obteyne by trade. 

Squirrells they have, and those in great plentie; are very 
good meat ; some are as great as our smallest sort of wild 
rabbitts, some blackish, or black and white, like those which 
here are called silver hayred ; but the most are grey. 

A small beast they have which the Indians call assapa- 
nick, not passing so big as a ratt, but we call them flying 
squirrells, because, spreading their leggs, from whence to 
either shoulder runs a flappe, or fynne, much like a batt’s 
wing, and so stretching the largeness of their skyns, they 
have bene seene to make a pretty flight from one tree to 
another, sometymes thirty or forty yardes. 

An opussum is a beast as big as a pretty beagle, of grey 
cullour; yt hath a head like a swyne; eares, feet, and tayle 
like a ratt ; she carries her young ones under her belly, in a 
piece of her owne skyn, like as in a bagg, which she can open 
and shutt, to lett them out or take them in, as she pleaseth, 
and doth therein lodge, carry, and suckle her young, and 
eates in tast like a pig. 

Muscascus! is a beast black in cullour, proportioned like a 
water ratt; he hath a cod within him, which yieldeth a 
strong sent, like unto musk; yt is a good meat if the cod be 
taken out, otherwise the flesh will tast most strong and 
ranck of the musk ; so will the broath wherein yt is sod. 

Hares they have some few about James Towne; but both 
in the islands and mayne, up at the falls, and below about 
Fort Henry and Charles Fort, great store ; howbeit they are 
no bigger than our conies. 

Beares there be manie towardes the sea-coast, which the 
Indians hunt most greedily ; for deed they love them above 
all other their flesh, and therefore hardly sell any of them 


1 ¢.e. Musquash. 


124 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


unto us, unles upon large proffers of copper, beads, and 
hatchetts. We have eaten of them, and they are very tooth- 
soome sweet venison, as good to be eaten as the flesh of a 
calfe of two yeares old; howbeit they are very little in com- 
parison of those of Muscovia and Tartaria. 

The beaver there is as big as an ordinary water dog, but 
his leggs exceeding short; his forefeet like a doggs, his 
hinder like a swannes, his tayle somewhat like the forme of 
a rackett, bare, without haire, which, to eate, the salvages 
esteeme a great delicate. 

Otters there be manie, which, as the bevers, the Indians 
take with gynns and snares, and esteeme the skynns great 
ornaments; and of all these beasts they use to feed when 
they catch them. - 

Lyons I will not posetively affirme that the country hath, 
since our people never yet saw any; howbeit, in their dis- 
coveryes to the Mangoagues, they did light once upon twoo 
skynns, which, by all the judgements in the fort, were sup- 
posed to be lyons’ skinnes; and this last yeare, myself being 
at the falls with Sir Thomas Dale, I found in an Indian 
howse certaine clawes tyed up in a string, which I brought 
awaie, and into England, and they are assured unto me to be 
lyons clawes.! 

There is also a beast, which the Indians call votchumquoyes, 
in the forme of a wild catt.? 

Their foxes are like our silver-hayred conies, of a small pro- 
porcion, and not smelling so ranck like those in England. 

The doggs of the country are like their woulves, and can- 
not barke, but howle, and are not unlike those auncyent 
doggs called cracute, which were said to be engendred of a 
wolfe and a bitch, and are like the Turkish jackalls, keeping 
about the graves of the dead, in the common poliandrium or 
place of sepulture. 


1 There are no lions in North America. Probably the puma (felis 
concolor) is alluded to. 
2 Probably a species of lynx. 


| 


INTO VIRGINIA. 125 


Their woulves are not much bigger then our English foxes. 

Martins, polecatts, weesells, and monkeys! we knowe they 
have, because we have seene many of their skynns, though 
very seldome any of them alive; but one thing is worth the 
observing,—we could never perceave that their flies, serpents, 
or other vermyn, were any waie pernitious,—when, in the 
south part of America, they are alwaies dangerous, and often 
deadly. 

Likewise, as they have fruicts and beasts, so have they 
fowle, and that great store. Of birdes, the eagle is the 
greatest devourer, and many of them there: there be divers 
sortes of hawkes, sparhawkes, laneretts,? goshawkes, falcons, 
and ospreys ; I brought home from thence this yeare myself, 
a falcon, and a tassell, the one sent by Sir Thomas Dale to 
his highnes the Prince, and the other was presented to the 
Earle of Salsburye, faire ones. What the prowf of them maie 
be, I have not learned, they prey most upon fish. 

Turkeys there be great store, wild in the woods, like phe- 
sants in England, forty in a company, as big as our tame 
here, and yt is an excellent fowle, and so passing good meat, 
as I maye well saie, yt is the best of any kind of flesh which 
I have ever yet eaten there. 

Partridges there are little bigger then our quailes! I have 
knowne of our men to have killed them with their small 
shott, sometime from off a tree five or six at a shoot, 

Cranes, white and grey; herons, both grey and white; 
woosells, or black byrds, with redd showlders ;* thrushes, and 
divers sorts of small byrdes, some carnation, some blew, and 
some other straunge kyndes, to us unknowne by name. 

In winter there are great store of swannes, geese, brants,* 
duck, widgeon, dottrell, oxeyes, mallard, teale, sheldrakes, 


1 They have no monkeys; possibly some of the large species of squirrels, 
which are numerous there, may be referred to. 

2 A kind of hawk. 

3 Agelaius Phenicius, or red-shouldered starling. 4 Brent. geese. 


126 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


and divers diving fowles, and of all these sortes, that aboun- 
dance, as I dare avowe yt, no country in the world may have 
more. 

Parakitoes I have seene manie in the winter, and knowne 
divers killed, yet be they a fowle most swift of wing, their 
winges and breasts are of a greenish cullour, with forked 
tayles, their heades, some crymsen, some yellowe, some 
orange-tawny, very beautifull. Some of our colonie who have 
seene of the East Indian parratts, affirme how they are like 
to that kynd,' which hath given us somewhat the more hope 
of the nerenes of the South Sea, these parratts, by all proba- 
bility, like enough to come from some of the countryes upon 
that sea. 

A kind of wood-pidgeon we see in the winter time, and of 
them such nombers, as I should drawe (from our homelings 
here, such who have seene, peradventure, scarce one more 
then in the markett) the creditt of my relation concerning all 
the other in question, yf I should expresse what extended 
flocks, and how manie thousands in one flock, I have seene in 
one daie,? wondering (I must confesse) at their flight, when, 
like so many thickned clowdes, they (having fed to the nor- 
ward in the daye tyme) retourne againe more sowardly towards 
night to their roust ; but there be manie hundred witnesses, 
who maie convince this my report, yf herein yt testifieth an 
untruth. 

To the naturall commodities which the countrye hath of 
fruicts, beasts, and fowle, we maie also adde the no meane 
commoditie of fish, of which, in March and Aprill, are great 
shoells of herrings. 

Sturgeon, great store, commonlie in Maie if the yeare be 


1 These are of the kind called psittacus Caroliniensis, which belongs to 
quite a different subdivision from the Indian parrot. 

2 The migratory pigeon (ectopistes migratorius). For accounts of the 
prodigious number of these birds, see Wilson’s and Audubon’s works on 
the birds of North America. 


—_ 


INTO VIRGINIA. 127 


forward. I have beene at the taking of some before Alger- 
noone fort, and in Southampton river, in the middst of March, 
and they remaine with us June, July, and August, and in 
that plenty as before expressed in the chapter, 

Shaddes, great store, of a yard long, and for sweetnes and 
fatnes a reasonable good fish, he is only full of small bones, 
like our barbells in England. 

Grampus, porpois, seales, stingraies, bretts, mulletts, white 
salmons, troute, soles, playse, comfish, rockfish, eeles, lam- 
preys, cat-fish, perch of three sorts, shrimps, crefishes, cockles, 
mushells, and more such like, like needles[s] to name, all 
good fish. 

There is the garfish,' some of which are a yard long, small 
and round like an eele, and as big as a man’s legg, having a 
long snout full of sharp teeth. 

Oysters there be in whole bancks and bedds, and those of 
the best: I have seene some thirteen inches long. The sal- 
vages use to boyle oysters and mussells togither, and with 
the broath they make a good spoone meat, thickned with the 
flower of their wheat ; and yt is a great thrift and husbandry 
with them to hang the oysters upon strings (being shauld and 
dried) in the smoake, thereby to preserve them all the yeare. 

There be twoo sorts of sea crabbs, and the one our people 
call a king crabb,? and they are taken in shoall waters from 
off the shoare a dozen at a tyme hanging one upon another’s 
taile; they are of a foote in length and half a foote in bredth, 
havinge manie leggs and a long tayle; the Indians seldome 
eate of this kind. 

There is a kind of shelfish of the proporcion of a cockle, 
but far greater, yt hath a smooth shell, not ragged as our 
cockles ; *tis good meat, though somwhat tough. 

Tortoyses here (such as in the Bermudas) I have seene 
about the entrance of our bay, but we have not taken of them, 
but of the land tortoyses we take and eate dailie; the dif- 


1 A species of belone. 2 Limulus Polyphemus. 


128 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


ference betweene which is nothing in shape, but in cullour 
and bignes, those of the land are gray with a long tayle, 
those of the sea have black shells, speckled with yellowe, the 
bodyes great in compasse like a targett. 

But the most straung fish is a small one, so like the pic- 
ture of St. George’s dragon as possible can be, except the 
leggs and winges, and the toad fish,® which will swell till yt 
be like to burst when yt cometh into the ayre. 

Thus yt appeareth, that this country affordeth manie ex- 
cellent vegitables and living creatures ; yet, I must saie true, 
of grasse, for the present, there is little or none but what 


groweth in low marshes, for all the country is overshadowed . 


with trees, whose droppings contynually turneth grasse to 
weedes by reason of the rancknes of the grownd, which would 
soone be amended by good husbandry. 

Howbeit, woodes yt hath, great, beautifull, fruictfull, plea- 
sant, and profitable, the grounds cleane under them, at least 
passeable both for horse and foote. The oake here, for stature 
and tymber, may compare with any, being so tall and streight, 
that they will beare ‘square of good tymber for twenty 
yardes long; of this wood there is twoo or three severall 
kyndes, the acrons of one kind, whose barke is more white 
then the other, is somewhat sweetish, which, being boyled 
halfe a daie in severall waters, at last affordes a sweet oyle, 
which they call monohominy: they keepe yt in gourdes to 
annoint their heads and joynts ; the fruict they eate made in 
bread or otherwise. 

There is also elme and ash, of which are made sopeashes. 
Yf the trees be very great, the ashes wilbe verry good, and 
melt to hard lumps being carefully burned; but if they be 
small, and suffered to partake too much of the smoak, they 
wilbe but powder, nothing so good as the other, besyde they 
wilbe very fowle and black. 


1 Perhaps the chelydra serpentina. 2 A species of hippocampus. 
3 A species of diodon. 4 A similar gap in the original. 


{a 


INTO VIRGINIA. 129 


' Of walnutts there be three kindes, the black walnutt,! 
which is returned home yearly by all shipping from thence, 
and yields good profitt, for yt is well bought up to make 
waynscott tables, cubbardes, chaires, and stooles, of a delicate 
grayne and cullour like ebonie, and not subject to the worme: 
the fruict of this is little, yt is thinne shelled, and the karnell 
bitter. Annother kynd there is, which beares a great fruict,? 
with a hard shell, and the meat very sweet, and of these the 
Indians make oyle to droppe their joynts and smeere their 
bodies with, which do make them supple and nymble. The 
third sort? is, as this last, exceeding hard shelled, and hath a 
passing sweet karnell; this last kind the Indians beat into 
pieces with stones, and putting them, shells and all, into 
morters, mingling water with them, with long woodden pes- 
tells pound them so long togither untill they make a kind of 
mylke, or oylie liquor, which they call powcohicora. 

There is a kynd of wood which we call cypres,* because 
both the wood, the fruict, and leafe, did most resemble yt ; 
and of these trees there are some neere three fathome about 
at the root very streight, and fifty, sixty, or eighty foote 
without a braunch. 

The cedars,’ for savour and cullor, maie compare with those 
of Lybanon, the clymate of the one and the other differing 
little. 

Of saxafras® there is plenty enough, the rootes whereof, 
not monie yeares since, were sold for twenty shillings per lb. 
and better, and if order maie yet be taken that overmuch 
quantety be not returned, and that which shalbe brought be 


1 Juglans nigra of Linnzeus. 

2 Probably the juglans cinerea, L., the “white walnutt” of the settlers. 

8 Probably the hiccory, juglans alba, L. 

4 Cupressus disticha of Linneus. The “swamp cedar” of the Southern 
States. 
- 5 Juniperus Virginiana of Linnzeus, which is not a cedar, but produces 
the wood so called, of which pencils are made. 

6 Laurus sassafras, UL. 


a 


130 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


kept in one hand, all Europe maie be served thereof at good 
rates. The cedars and saxafras yeild a kynd of gomme in a 
small proporcion of themselves; there have bene conclusions 
tryed to extract yt out of the wood, but nature affourded 
greater quantety then art could produce. 

There are pines infinite, especially by the sea coast, and 
manie other sortes, the use of which are commodious for 
shipping, pipe-staves, clapbourd,' yardes and masts for ship- 
ping, and those here are so faire and large, as a ship of three- 
hundred tonne burthen, called the Starre (sent. thither the 
last yeare upon purpose fitted and prepared with scupper- 
holes to take in masts), was not able to stowe forty of the 
fower score, unles they should have cut them shorter, which 
is a commoditie, rightly understood, of such moment for this 
kingdome (all the easterly countryes from whence we have 
hitherto had them, so ympoverished and wasted as they are 
not able to furnish his majesty’s navie, witnes how hardly 
were obteyned those which we had last from thence, and those 
upon his majesty’s private and particular letter to the king of 
Denmark) as were ynough (yt may be boldly sayd) to make 
good the whole charge of our plantation. 

By the dwellings of the salvages are bay-trees,? wild roses, 
and a kynd of low’ tree, which beares a cod like to the peas, 
but nothing so big: we take yt to be locust.‘ 

Crabb trees® there be, but the fruict small and bitter, how- 
beit, being graffed upon, soone might we have of our owne 
apples of any kind, peares, and what ells. 

Besides these fruict-trees, there is a white poplar,® and 
another tree’ like unto yt, that yieldeth a verye cleere and 

1 Board ready cut for the cooper’s use. 

2 Probably laurus Caroliniensis of Catesby. 

3 Robinia pseudacacia of Linneus, the acacia of our plantations is 
probably the tree meant. 

4 Pyrus coronaria of Linneus, a tree differing slightly from the Euro- 


pean crab. 5 Populus heterophylla of Linneous. 
6 Populus balsamifera of Linneus. 


aes, 


INTO. VIRGINIA. 131 


odoriferous gumme like turpentine, which I have heard Doctor 
Bohune, and some of our surgeons there, saie, maie well be 
reckoned a kynd of balsome, and will heale any greene wound. 

There groweth in the island of James Towne a small tree, 
of leaves, armes, and fruict, like the mirtle tree, the fruict 
thereof hath a tast with the mirtle, but much more bynding; 
these trees growe in great plentie, round about a standing 
pond of fresh water in the middle of the island, the pill or 
rind whereof is of a great force against inveterate dissenteri- 
call fluxes, of which Doctor Bohune made open experiment 
in manie of our men labouring with such diseases, and there- 
fore wisheth all such phisitians as shall goe thither to make 
use thereof. 

For mineralls we will promise nothing; but the hope of 
which, seeing the low grownd, yieldes manie faire shewes; 
the mountaines cannot be doubted but that in them manie 
sortes will be found: and our people, in their first discovery 
into the Monocan country discovered two mynes, the one 
within six miles of the head of the falls, which takes the 
name of Namantack, the fynder of yt: which is conceaved 
wilbe worth the exploring, and with little charge; the other 
lyes in the myd-waie betweene twoo townes of Monocan, 
the neerest called Mowhemincke, the furthest, Massinnacock, 
distant one from another fourteen miles, of whose goodnes 
there is no doubt, since the sparre only taken no further 
then two or three foote into the earth affourdes mettall worth 
the labour. And concerning a silver-myne, not far from the 
same place, an Helvetian, one William Henrick Faldoe, as- 
sured our Lord Generall, and therefore made his provision 
for the search thereof; and having bene in England, made 
earnest suit unto our threasourer and his Majestie’s counsaile 
resident for Virginia, with whome he contracted, and entred 
into condicions for one yeare and a halfe for the full perform- 
aunce of this worke ; but his lordship being not at that time 
enabled with sufficient companie to make good that search, 


132 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


by raising forts and planting so far into the country (which 
only must have secured the workemen), yt hath pleased God, 
since that tyme, that the said Helvetian hath died of a burn- 
ing fever, and with him the knowledge of that myne, which, 
in his life-time, he would not be drawn to reveyle unto any 
one ells of the colonie: and there is extant an old plott, 
which his Lordship hath shewed me, wherein, by a Portugall, 
our seat is layd out, and in the same, two silver mynes 
pricked downe; and at the head of the said falls, the Indians 
there inhabiting tip their arrowes with cristall, and we fynd 
manie pieces scattered in the gritt and sand of the same, 
where, likewise, on Pembrook side, Sir Thomas Dale hath 
mentioned, in his lettres to the lordships of the Counsaile, 
of a goodlie iron myne; and Capt. Newport hath brought 
home of that mettell so sufficient a triall, as there hath bene 
made sixteen or seventeen tonne of iron so good, as the East 
Indian marchants bought yt of the Virginian Companie, pre- 
ferring yt before any other iron of what country soever; and 
for copper, the hills to the norwest have that store, as the 
- people themselves, remembred in the first chapter, called the 
Bocootauwanaukes, are said to part the solide mettall from 
the stone without fire, bellowes, or additamant, and beat it 
into plates, the like whereof is hardly found in any other 
parte of the world: likewise Capt. Argoll (as his Lordship 
beares record in his printed narration), in the river Potawo- 
meck, found a myne of antimony, which, as aforesaid, never 
dwells single, but holds assured legue with quicksilver, as like- 
wise a myne of lead; and we heare the Indians make manie 
particular discriptions of allam mynes to the southward. 
Lastly, that the lakes have perles yt cannot be doubted, 
for we ourselves have seen manie chaynes and braceletts 
worne by the people, and wee have found plentie of them in 
the sepulchres of their kings, though discoloured by burning 
the oysters in the fier, and deformed by the grosse boring. 
And thus (to conclude), we maie well saie how these poore 


INTO VIRGINIA. 133 


people have manie morrall goodes, such as are by accidens 
plentifull ynough amongst them: and as much (poore sowles) 
as they come short of those bona moralia which are per se, 
for the countrie (who sees not by what hath bene sayd?) is 
not so barren, ill destyned, and wretched, under an unhappy 
constellation, but that yt hath (even beside necessary helpes 
and commodities for life) apparent proufes of many naturall 
riches, and which are all dona fortune. Again, they are 
héalthie, which is Jonum corporis: nor is nature a stepdame 
unto them concerninge their aptas membrorum compositiones; 
only (God wot) I must graunt, that bonum morale, as afore- 
said, which is per se, they have not in medio, which is in vir- 
tute; and then, how can they ever obtayne yt in ultimo, 
which is in felicitate? To teach them both, which is the end 
of our planting amongst them; to lett them knowe what ver- 
tue and goodnes is, and the reward of both; to teach them 
religion, and the crowne of the righteous; to acquaint them 
with grace, that they maie participate with glorie; which 
God graunt in mercye unto them. 


FINIS LIB. I. DECAD. PRIMI. 


THE SECOND BOOK 


THE FIRST DECADE OF THE HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE INTO VIRGINIA 
BRITANNIA, ENTREATING OF THE FIRST DISCOVERIES OF THE 
COUNTRY, AND OF THE FIRST COLONIE, TRANSPORTED BY 
SIR RICHARD GREENVILE, KNIGHT, UPON THE ISLAND 
OF ROANOAK, AT THE EXPENCE AND CHARGE OF 


SIR WALTER RALEIGH, KNIGHT. 


AS ALSO OF THE NORTHERN COLONIE, SEATED UPON THE RIVER OF 
SACHADEHOC, TRANSPORTED ANNO 1585, AT THE CHARGE 
OF SIR JOHN POPHAM, KNIGHT, LATE LORD CHIEFE 


JUSTICE OF ENGLAND, GATHERED BY 


WILLIAM STRACHEY, GENT. 


PSALM CII, VER. 18. 


“This shalbe written for the generation to come: and the people which 
shalbe created shall praise the Lord.” 


| am SSS ee 


BOOK THE SECOND. 


CAPUT I. 


Of the first discoverie in generall of America, being certain islands be- 
longing to the mayne, by Columbus, anno 1492 ; of the discoverie of 
the mayne, or continent to the so-ward, by Vesputius Americus, 
anno 1497, who gave it to name America; of Cabot his discoverie 
from Florida norward, for the behoof of King Henry VII, anno 1495. 

Wueruer that ever famous Genoese, Christopher Columbus, 

were sufficiently learned, that by reading of divine allegories, 

named Timeus, of Plato, whose subject is of the universall 

nature and frame of the whole world, under the person of a 

subtile and misterious priest, old Cricia, of Egypt, discoursing 

to Solon, an auncient and superannuat history of an island, 
in tyme of great antiquity, called Athlantides,' lying to the 
west, by which Columbus might instruct his laboring under- 
standing with a greater cliernes, that more then probable yt 
was the sun and moone, and all ye faier eyes of heaven, did 
not looke downe from above, nor shedd their influence uppon 
the things put under the beames of the wandring and lowest 
plannett confyned only to Europe, Asia, and Africa, running 
thereby half their courses without proffitt and in vaine, 
shyning upon the solitary waters and desolate places empty 
and desolate of man and other living creatures ; or whether 

Columbus, being a great cosmographer, did well observe, that 

Asia, Europe, and Africk, concerning the longitude of the 

world, did conteyn in them but 180 visible degrees, and there- 

fore did conceave yt to be most likely, that in the other 180 

1 Critias. Plato gives the name of Critias to one of his dialogues, and 


introduces him also in the Zimeus. In both of these dialogues occur 
allusions to the fabled Atlantis. 


z 


138 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


(which filleth up the whole course of the sun to the nomber 
of 360 degrees, as well observe our moderne writers intreating 
de America sive orbe novo) God would not suffer the waters 
only to possesse all, but would leaye a place forthe habitation 
of men, beasts, flying, and creeping creatures; or whether 
Whose Columbus, by his entertaynment of a Biscan pilot (as the 


name was 


pottenty to SPaniards, ambitious of their countryes fame, will have yt), 


ian *° arrising (after many stowers and stormes in an old carravell, 


such tinpow brused and weather-beaten) in the island of Madera, for his 


not be be sttr attri « hospitallity and friendly curtesyes, had bequeathed unto him 


other author by that dying pilott, all his cardes and sea instruments, by 
Pen iod which he was therby first moved to seek the lands of anti- 


and Morall podes and the rich island of Cipango (whereof Marcus Pawlus 
TR . writeth, and Peter Martir, before his decades of the ocean, 
paymentof remembreth the same); or whether yt nowe pleased the 


is lo 
most - Eternall Wisdome, in His due and appointed tyme, that those 
heap. 1% misteries and secrets of His goodly workmanship of His, 
should to His utmost bounds be extended, reveyled, and laied 
open, and those goodly nations and ample regions discovered, 
which He had seated eyen beneath the pole starre, and under 
the equinoctiall lyne (which left our philosophers and poetts 
noe belief, that they might possebly be habitable); or whether 
all these joyntly concurring (for which how much are we 
bound to that mighty and mercyfull Providence, who, in our 
tymes, would vouchsafe to lett us see these so many riches, 
wonders, and salvation of nations, the testimony of His great 
love unto us, which He had, with strong barrs as yt were, shut 
up from our forefathers) to make good the prophesy of rever- 
end Seneca:— 
Venient annis 
Secula seris ; quibus oceanus 
Vincula rerum laxet, et ingens 
Pateat Tellus, Typhisque novos 


Detegat orbes, 
Nee sit terris ultima Thyle. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 139 


Thus in English -— 


That age shall come, albeit, in latter tymes, 
When as the sea shall ope her lockt-up bownds, 
And mighty lands appeare : new heavens, new clymes 
Shall Typhis bring to knowledg, and new grownds, 
New worlds display: then shall not Thule be 
The farthest nor-west isle our eyes shall see. 


Whether of these, or whither all these I saye, have brought 
these discoveries to passe, which have found out this straung 
and new half world, true yt is, we find that Columbus, with 
three shippes and two hundred and twenty Spaniards, in the 
yeare of Christ [1492] sett forward on his voyage, about the 
kalends of September,' from the islands of Gadez, uppon the 
mouth of Gibralter, and after sondry casualties, and the 
chaunces of sea, at length fell upon the islands Dominica, 
Cuba, etc., which since have bene called by the names of the 
West Indye Islands. 

And five yeares after him was Vesputius Americus set out 
by the same king of Castile to discover the continent, who, 
likewise, as Columbus, happely perfourming the same, gave 
unto yt his owne name, which it ever since hath retayned, 
namely, America. 

The consideracion of both these voyages, so famous and 
notorious in those dayes, moved the royall heart of king Henry 
VII (after yt had much repented him for rejecting the first 
profer of Columbus, who would have made him lord and 
king of those golden islands, and for which no prince was 
better fitted, having at that tyme the goodliest navye of any 
kinge in Christendome), who, therefore, furnished forth a 
skilfull and expert navigator, one John Cabot, a Venetian, 
howbeit, endenized an English subject, and at that tyme, 
governour of the companye of the marchants of Cathay in 
the citty of London, to make discovery of what was left un- 
toucht at, or unsurveyed by Columbus and Americus, upon 


1 He sailed on the third of August, 1492, 


140 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


those new and unknowne lands for his behoofe, in Anno 
1495 sett forth, fell to the soward of America (to that part 
afterwards ‘called Florida, by Johannes Pontius, of Leon,! 
because by him, on Palme-sonday, discovered, 1512, which the 
Spaniards call Pasca Florida), and from thence layde open and 
annexed to the crowne of England all the coast of Meta In- 
cognita. So as true yt is, that this portion of America, which 
we call ours, and whereunto both Sir W. R[alegh], twenty 
yeares since, and upward, and we have nowe for these six 
yeares addressed our divers forces and severall colonyes for 
plantation, by a princely godmother, her renowned late 
majesty, of famous memory, in witnes of her owne well- 
chosen vertues, baptized by the name of Virginia, concludinge 
(indeed) under that denomination (as the auncyent poetts 
did all Italy by the name of Latium) all the bounds and 
regions, both to the south and norward, from 30 to 44: degrees, 
togithere with the manie islands adjacent thereunto, is no 
other then the same first continent and tract of land, which 
the said Venetian, old John Cabot, the father, discovered, 
from whom only, indeed, we laye our earliest clayme and in- 
terest (as we maye right well) to this country. 

And sure, albeit from the tyme, after that first disco- 
very (during some yll destined few yeares, wherein our home 
occasions importuned the residence within our owne ports, 
both of our men and shipps), our voyages hither for a while 
might seeme to lye slumbering, yet our tytle could not there- 
by out-sleepe ytself, nor were our, English spiritts so sunck 
with the tyme, and many shippes which tempt the wide seas 
in the like new searches, as that we abandoned our hopes and 
fortunes thither. 


1 The reader will easily recognize the name of Juan Ponce de Leon, 
the discoverer of Florida. 

2 Upon the comparative agency of John and Sebastian Cabot, see 
learned dissertations by Biddle,—“ Memoir of Sebastian Cabot,” chap. 5,— 
and by Fraser Tytler, in opposition, in the appendix to his “ Progress of 
Discovery on the Northern Coasts of America”. 


re 


INTO VIRGINIA. 141 


We shall find, however, the far famous king Henry VIII 
(full of many impatient and personall, as well domestick 
troubles, as warrs abroad) could not attend the seconding 
his royall father in his enterprize, any other then giving 
leave to a voluntary fryer or twoo in a shipp called the Deus 
Nobiscum, to run upon new searches ;! yet his noble sonne, 
prince Edward VI, entred into so serious consultations of the 
same, as he gave, therefore, to Sebastian Cabot, borne at 
Bristoll, sonne to the father John Cabot, a large pencion 
out of his treasury, and constituted him in the Trinity-howse, 
graund pilot of England, in the second yeare of his raigne, 
and in the yeare of grace 1548, to undertake againe a new 
search of these straung lands; and had not that towardly 
yong prince too unhappely ben cutt of by an untymely des- 
tine, he had prosecuted both what the too too affecting Roome 
(the otherwise faultles) qveene Mary neglected, (though per- 
happs not with out some princely and economick colour of 
reason), by contracte to the Spanish Phillipp, whose pretence 
of right might well debarr the proceedings in any such prac- 
tize then, when our Spanishe harts and Romish Catholiques 
dare yet to make good his title unto all this fourth quarter 
of the world, by the donation of a Pope (though against all 
the rules of justice, prescription, or equality), as also what 
our never enough admired late soveraigne, queene Elizabeth, 
did anew revive, and gave a fresh birth and spiritt unto, some- 
tyme under the discharge of one, sometyme of another, untill 
at length yt discended unto and settled in Sir Walter Rawley, 
unto whome and his heires, her majesty, in the twenty-six 
yeare of her reigne, and anno 1584, at Westminster, gave a 

1 Biddle, in the ninth chapter of his “Memoir of Cabot”, brings a 
variety of evidence to shew that the two ships which sailed to the west 
from England in 1527 (one of which was reported by Hakluyt to have 
been named the “ Dominus Nobiscum”) were named the “Samson,” and 
the “Mary of Guildford,” and that the name “ Dominus Nobiscum” was 


mistakenly recorded. That the name was a pure invention, seems, how- 
ever, very improbable. 


142 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


large patent, from 33 to 40 degrees of latitude, who, therefore, 
the same yeare, in April, sent out Capt. Phillip Amadas and 
Capt. Arthur [Barlow] Florida norward, the whole coast of 
Cape Britton, so called of the people of St. Malo, who first 
found and fell with it, and the 4th of July following, they 
arrived upon the coast in a harborow called Hatorask, in the 
height of 36 and one 3d, and the 13th put out their small 
boates, and rowing seven leagues from that harborough, came 
to an island called Roanoak, where they landed and tooke 
possession of the country in right of the queene’s majestie, 
and after delivered the same over againe to the use of Sir 
W. Ralegh. 


CAPUT II. 


Of the discovery, more in perticuler, of the country of Wingandecoa and 
the isle of Roanoak, by Capt. Amadas and Capt. Barlow, for the 
behoofe of Sir W. Raleigh, who, presenting their travailes therein, 
and the cart of the coast to her Majestie, baptized the country by 
the name of Virginia. 

Wun they first had sight of this country, some thought the 

first land they saw to be the continent ; but after they had 

entred the haven, they saw before them another mighty long 
sea, for there lyeth along the coast a tract of islands two 
hundred miles in length, adjoyning to the ocean sea, and 
betweene the islands two or three entraunces. When they 
were entred betweene them (these islands being very narrow 
for the most parte, as in most places six miles broad, and in 
some places lesse, in some more), then there appeared the 
other great sea, conteyning in breadth in some places forty, 
and in some fifty, in some twenty miles over, before the con- 
tinent be come unto, which continent the Indians call Win- 
gandacoa; and in this inclosed sea there are about one 
hundred islands of divers bignes, whereof the aforesaid 

Roanoak, fifteen to sixteen miles long ; a pleasaunt and fer- 

till grownd, full of sedars, saxafras, currants, flax, vines, 


i. <= 


INTO VIRGINIA. 143 


deare, conies, hares, and the tree that beareth the rind of 
black synamon, of which like Capt. Winter brought from the 
Streights of Magellaun, and manie other commodityes and 
riches, the particulars whereof are more at large to be seene 
in Mr. Hariott’s discourse. 

The chief king’s name, governing at that tyme, they fownde 
to be Wingina, his brother, Quangimino, whose wife and 
daughter came abourd our discoverers’ barkes, who were 
about their forehedd a band of white corall, and earings of 
pearle. 

The river before Roanoak,' and which runneth from thence 
up to the citty Skicoak, they call Occam; upon which like- 
wise standeth the towne of Pameik, six dayes’ journey from 
the aforesaid graet citty, called Skicoak, to the so-ward. 

And in this river Occam falleth too other great rivers; the 
one called Cipo, wherein are great store of the perle muscles, 
the other called Nomopana, upon which standeth Chawa- 
nooke, not subject to the king of Wingandagoa, but is a 
free state, under a lord, at that time, called Pooneno; beyond 
which province is another absolute king likewise, called 
Menatonon ; and these three kings were then in league. 

From Hattorask, to the so-ward four daies journey, they 
discovered Socoto, the last towne southwardly of the bounds 
of Wingandacoa, neere unto which, twenty yeares before 
these tymes, a shipp was cast away; some of the people 
whereof, in an out island called Wococon, saved themselves ; 
and after three weekes aboard there, fastened two Indian 
canoas togither, and, with their shirts for sailes, made out, 
but were soone cast away, and the boats found wreckt upon 
the out islands. 

And with thus much knowledg of the country, and some 
commodityes from the salvadges obteyned, as chamoyse, 


1 By the river before Roanoak he would appear to mean Albemarle 
Sound ; but according to De Bry’s map, Skicoak stands on Nandsamund 
river, which falls into the Chesapeake. 


144 - HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


-buffe, and deare skyns; twenty skynes, worth twenty nobles, 


for a tyn dish, and of other skyns, fifty, worth fifty crownes, 
for a copper kettle, and a bracelett of pearle, as bigg as 
pease, brought home and delivered to Sir W. Raleigh, the 
discoverers returned, and about the midst of September fol- 
lowing, arrived in the west of England with two of the native 
people, one Wanchese, and the other Manteo, brought along 
with them. 


CAPUT III. 


Sir Richard Grenyile, generall of the first colonie of one hundred howse- 
houlders. 

Arter the relation of this discovery up unto Sir W. Raleigh 
by the said captaines, that part of the country about Roan- 
oack (beyond which lieth the maine land) was conceaved to 
be an apt and likely place, both for seat and riches, for a 
colony to be transported unto; whereupon, the next yeare 
following, anno 1585, Sir W. Raleigh prepared a fleete of 
seven sailes, with one hundred howsholders, and many things 
necessary to begin a new State, which in Aprill departed 
from Plymouth ; Sir Richard Greenvile generall' of the same, 
accompanied with many choyse and principall gentlemen,— 
Mr. Ralph Lane, Mr. Thomas Candish, Mr. John Arundell, 
Mr. Reymond, Mr. Stukely, Mr. Bremige, Mr. Vincent, 
Mr. John Clark, and divers others, some captaines, and other 
assistents, for councell and good discretions in the voyage, 
all and every of which, in their severall places, refused no 
travaile of body, nor carefulnes of mynd, to lay the founda- 
cion and beat the path to that great and goodly worke which 
God, I hope by us, in His appointed tyme, will nowe finishe 
to His owne glory, to the salvation of poore seduced infidells, 

1 Tt must not be understood from this expression that Sir Richard 


Grenville was governor of the colony, but simply commander of the expe- 
dition. The governorship was committed to Mr. Ralph Lane. 


: 


ga ——— 


i J <i #,. nS 


INTO VIRGINIA. ~~, Sie 


and to the never dying fame and honour of those noble and 
praise worthy spiritts who shall personally travell in the same. 
. The most of this fleete by the twentieth of June fell with 
the maine of Florida, and keeping by the coast, were in some 
daunger the twenty-fifth of a general wrack on a beach 
called the Cape of Feare ; but the twenty-sixth ancored safe 
at Wocokon, by Secota, four daies’ journey short of Hatorask, 
where the Admirall, through the unskilfulnes of the master, 
stroak on grownd, as she was to be brought into the harbour, 
and sunk, and from whence the generall sent to Wingina, 
the K [ing] at Roanoak, to advertize of his arrivall, as like- 
wise he sent to the maine Mr. Arundell, with Manteo the 
salvadge, and Capt. Aubry, and Capt. Boniten, to Croatoan, 
where they fownd two of their men left there, with thirty 
other, by Capt. Raymond, who fell with that place certayne 
dayes before. 

Lykewyse from hence the generall, well accompanied in 
his tilt boat with divers of the gentlemen aforesaid; and Mr. 
Harriott, with twenty others, following in a pynnace: Capt. 
Amadas and Capt. Clerk, with ten others, in a shipp boat ; 
Frauncys Brooke aud John White in another shipp boat, 
passed over the water to the maine land, victualled for eight 
daies. In which voyage they discovered the townes of 
Pomeioke, Aquascogoke, and Secotan, and the great lake 
called by the salvages Paquippe, and so returned, and the 
twenty-seventh of July ancored the fleet at Hatorask, and 
there rested; from whence he landed all his planters, and 
those which were to remayne in the country, in the aforesaid 
island of Roanoak; togither with such provisions as were to 
be left for their use, after which, having setteled some orders 
amongst the principall commaunders, and constituted Mr. 
Ralph Lane governour of the colony, advising with him in 
many necessary businesses to be perfourmed, the twenty-fifth 
of August he sett saile againe for England, and the eighteenth 

‘ U 


Of the hope- 

full river of 

Maratico, 

& the myn 

of copper 
erein, 


146 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


of October followinge, with a prize, a Spanish shipp of three 
hundred tonne, arrived in Plynmouth. 

The partycularyties of such businesses as were performed 
by Mr. Ralph Lane, the captaines and gentlemen, and the 
rest of the colony, to the nomber (as aforesaid) seene in the 
booke of the discoveries.' 

Only I cannot but remember and mencyone the river of 
Maratock,? up which the Mangoags have traffique, and which 
river openeth into the broad sound of Weapemeiock, running 
with a violent current from the west and sowest, as broad as 
the Thames betweene Greenewich and the Isle of Doggs, and 
as London-bridge upon a vale water; the head being thirty 
daies from Roanoak, which head springeth out of a mayne 
rock in that aboundance, that forthwith yt maketh a most 
violent streame, and which rock standeth soe neere unto a 
sea, that manye tymes in stormes, the wind arrising outwardly 
from the sea, the waves thereof are beaten into the said fresh 
streame, soe that the fresh water, for a certaine space, groweth 
salt and brackish, and which Maratock, by Mr. Harriott’s 


opynion, either arriseth out from the Bay of Mexico,’ or ells 


from very neere unto the same, that openeth out of the South 
Sea. 

This river maketh promise of great things, for up the same 
the Mangoags have recourse and traffique in a province called 
Claunis Temoatan,’ where there is a marvellous and most 
straunge minerall, to the Chawanooks, and all the people to 
the westward, most notorious; the minerall they call wassa- 
dor, which is copper, but they call by the name of wassador 
every mettell whatsoever: they saie yt is of the cullour of our 
copper, but our copper (saie they) is better then theirs, and 

1 He doubtless refers to Hakluyt. 


2 The riyer now called Roanoke, 

3 The river Roanoke rises in the Alleghanies, Montgomery county, 
Virginia. © 

4 Whether this spelling, or that used by the author a few lines lower 
down, be the correct one, the editor has been unable to decide. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 147 


the reason is because yt is redder and harder, whereas that 
of Chanius Temoalan is very soft and pale. The manner of 
taking of which mettell out of the river, I referr to the dis- 
course at lardg, and of many things ells therein conteyned, 
especyally of the treachery of many of the savage weroances, 
to the rooting out and cutting off the whole colony, as of 
Pemipan, of Roanoak, Okisco, king of Weopmeiock, with the 
Mandongs, and the Chesapeians, with seven hundred uppon 
the mayne of Dasamanquepeio; as also how Mr. Lane ac- 
quitted himself of their conspiracie, as not altogither neces- 
sary for this place, I overpasse. 

Only be yt remembred how, that after the colony had la- 
boured herein many searches, and acquired many knowledges, 
eleaven monthes expecting the returne of their gewerall with 
a franck and new supplye out of England, and being in some 
wants for necessarye and fresh victualls, had dispersed them- 
selves into sondry parts of the countrye, the better to be 
fitted and accommodated with the provisions thereof, Capt. 
Stafford lyving then, with twenty in his company, in Croatan; 
my lord admirall’s island, about the beginning of June, had 
escried a great fleet of many shippes uppon the coasts, standing 
in, as he conceaved, for Hatorask, of which he gave speedy 
intelligence unto the fort at Roanoak, who were not a little 
amazed with the nomber of the shippes, not conceaving what 
they might be; in the midst of which doubtfulnes of theires, 
the whole fleet arrived in the road of the bad harborow of 
Hatoraske, and was soone found to be Sir Fraunces Drake 
and his company, returning home this way from the sacking 
of St. Domingo, Carthagena, and St. Augustine, who, sending 
his boats off to Roanoak, and having intelligence from the 
governour, of the condicion of which the colony then stood, 
of their many wants, and daylie expectance of supply from 
England (the generall, by promise, appointing to have bene 
there by the first of the spring), Sir Fraunces Drake much 
commending their patience and noble spiritts, and applauding 


148 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


so good an accion, consulted with his captaines, and con- 
cluded to leave them a barke of seventy tonne, called the 
Frauncis, to serve them upon occasions, with two pinnaces, 
four small boats, and two experimented sea maisters, Abra- 
ham Kendall, and Griffeth Herne, to tarry with them with a 
supply of collivers,! hand-weapons, match, lead, tooles, appa- 
rell, and such like, with victualls for one hundred men for 
four monthes ; all which, whilst they were in hand, in all 
hast to be prepared for them; and in two daies, almost dis- 
patcht, the officers accepting of their charge, and the two 
maisters busy abourd the said appointed barke. The 13th of 
the said month of June, there arrose such an unwonted storme, 
and contynued four daies, that had like to have driven the 
whole fleet a shoare. The only shift was to weigh anchor and 
put to sea to save themselves; and [they being] in the same 
barke appointed to stay, [she] freeing herself, was carried 
with the violence of the storme so far in fower dayes, that at 
length she was forct to make for England, with others of the 
fleete. 

Howbeit, Sir Frauncis Drake, riding yet out after the 
storme, examyning the losse, would have left them another 
goodly shipp, of the burden of one hundred-and-seventy 
tonne, called the barke Bonner, with maisters and guydes to 
tarry there ; but yt being better considered, and the harbour 
so unfitt for a ship of that burthen to be winter roader in, 
and many other things considered, the determinacion of all 
was altered, and yt was conceaved more convenient to take in 
all the planters and come for England, which, unhappely, was 
accordingly performed, and soe, the 19th of June setting saile, 
the 27th of July they arrived in Portsmouth, Anno 1586. 


1 Doubtless a culverin; that word being derived from “ coluber,” a 
snake. The word “ culiver” occurs not unfrequently in writing of this 
period. 


| 
, 


INTO VIRGINIA, 149 


CAPUT IV. 


A new supply sent by Sir W. Raleigh unto his colonie unhappily brought 

away before by Sir Francis Drake. 
Yur, as the colony that whole yeare did their endeavour there, 
Sir W. Raleigh did as carefully intend the supplying of 
them here, preparinge a fleet of three shippes, well appointed, 
to accompany Sir Richard Greenvile with a bark of aviso,' 
freighted with all manner of things, in most plentifull manner, 
for the relief of the. colony, and to give them intelligence 
of the generall’s speedy hasteninge after him. The only 
fault and erroure was, that both his fleete and bark of aviso 
were not sett out till the spring was far spent, and yt was 
after Easter before this bark of aviso sett forth, whoe arrived 
at Hatarask, and not finding the colony (brought away as you 
have heard), returned with all the aforesaid provision into 
England againe. 

Not fully forty or fifty dayes after the departure of this 
barke of aviso from Hatarask, Sir Richard Greenvile arrived 
with his three shippes, well appointed, and not finding the said 
barke nor any newes of the English colony (himself travelling 
up into divers places of the country), yet unwilling to losse 
the possession of the same, after good deliberacion, he left 
fifteen men in the islands of Roanoak, furnished plentifully 
with all manner of provision for two yeares, and departed 
agayne for England. 

These checks found this pious busines even in her early , .....4 
daies and first begynning; howbeyt, yt did not yet make {/g2-y"" 
weary the forward mynd of Sir W. Raleigh to have this seh 
country by a full possession added unto our owne, who there- anno 1587, 
fore prepared a fourth voyage and a new colony of one hun- commaund 
dred and fifty howsholders, who, the 18th of May in the yeare ¥"* 
following, 1587, weyed anchor from Plymouth, under the 


T An advice-boat,—a small vessel employed to carry expresses or orders 
with all possible despatch. 


=—— ee Se Se eee 


150 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


charg of John White, whome he appointed governour, and 


also appointed unto him twelve assistents, unto whome he 
gave a charter, and incorporated them by the name of Gover- 
nour and Assistents of the city Raleigh, in Virginia,—which 
fleet, consisting of three sayle, the 22nd of July following, 
arrived at Hatarask, where they came to an anchor. . From 
whence, the governour, accompanied with forty of his best 
men, in a small pynnace, stood in for Roanoak, meaning to 
take in the aforesaid fifteen men left there by Sir Richard 
Greenvile the yeare before, and so to alter their seat unto 
the Chesapeak Bay, according to directions from Sir W. 
Raleigh’; but the governour, being overruled by some of 
the company, was diverted from that purpose, and in a man- 
ner constrained to seeke no further, but to sett downe in 
that island againe, who accordingly brought all the planters 
and provisions ashoare, where they beganne to fitt and ac- 
commodate themselves. Nor could they heare of any of the 
aforesaid fifteen, but found of the bones of one: and the peo- 
ple of Croatan gave our people to understand how they were 
slayne, sett upon by thirty of the men of the Sequota, Aquas- 
cogoc, and Dasamoquepeuk, conveying themselves upon a 
tyme secretly behind the trees neere the howses, where our 
men carelessly lived, and in the encounter, knockt out the 
braynes of one with a woodden sword, and killed another with 
an arrowe shot into the mouth of him, whilst the rest fled to 
the water’s side, where their boat laye, and all of them taking 
the boat, rowed towards Hatarask, and re-landed on a little 
island, on the right-hand of our entraunce into the harbour 
of Hatarask, where they remayned a while, but afterward 
departed, and could never after be heard of. 

The governour, calling to councell his assistants, found that 
the colony stood in want of many necessary things, both to 
secure and settle them in their plantation, wherefore yt was 
consulted upon, that some one should be forthwith dispatcht 
into England, to ymportune the better supplie to be there 


| 


INTO VIRGINIA. 151 


betymes the next yeare. And at length, by a generall con- 
sent, the governour himself was thought to be the fittest to 
undertake the busines, and therefore prepared the admirall 
and fly-boat to sett forward with all speed, the whilst he es- 
tablished some things amongst them ; and having christened 
a grand-child of his owne, borne there (his daughter being 
married to one of the company), and calling yt Virginia,' he 
caused, likewise, Manteo, the savage, to be christened, by 
Sir W. Raleigh his appointment, and in reward of his faith- 
fulnes, entitled him lord of Roanoak and of Dasamonque- 
peuk ; after which, in August, he departed for England with 
the foresaid fly-boat and admirall, and about the beginning 
of November, the one landed at Hampton, the other at 
Portsmouth. 

Uppon this arrivall he left not to sollicyte for a supplye ; 
accordingly he sent betymes the next yeare, and as carefull 
was Sir W. Raleigh to provide him; howbeit, such were the 
occasions of the ymployment of our shippes in ’88 and the 
yeare following, that yt was March 1590 before Captain 
White could be dispatcht for Virginia, who then, with three 
shippes, put to sea from Plymouth, and the 23rd of July had 
sight of the cape of Florida, and the broken islandes thereof, 
called the Martyrs, and the 15th of August came to an anchor 
at Hatarask, from whence he man’d two boats to row to 
Roanoak, shooting off twoo mynions and a falcon,’ to give 
warning to the colony; but the billow was so rough, and the 
wynd rose so high at norwest, and the indiscreet steerage of 
the master’s mate in a boat where a chief captaine was (Cap- 
taine Spicer), such a dangerous sea breaking on the quarter 
oversett yt, and the boat twice or thrice turned the keile up- 
wardes, nor could the men save themselves in swymming in 
so great a sea, insomuch, that of eleven, seaven of the chiefest 
were drowned, Captaine Spicer himself and six more. 


1 The name of this first Anglo-American was Virginia Dare. She was 
born August i8th, 1587. 2 Names of pieces of ordnance. 


Fee. : _ HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


The which mischaunce did so much discomford the lazie 
and unfaithfull saylers, that they were all in an uproare and 
murmore not to go any further to seeke the planters; how- — 
beit, Captaine White and Captaine Cooke compelled them, 
who, therefore, being nineteen persons in both boats, put off 
from Hatarask once more, and rowed to that parte of the 
island of Roanoak where the colony was left seated ; but yt 
was so darke before they fell with the shoare, that they over- 
shott the place a quarter of a mile, where yet espieing of a 
light towards the north end of the island, they made towards 
yt, and letting fall their grapnells neere the shoare, sounded 
with a trumpett a call, and afterwards many familyer English 
tunes and songs, and called out friendly to the shoareward, 
but all the while had no answere. At breake of day they 
landed, and went through the woodes to that part of the is- 
land directly over against Dasamanquepeuk, and from thence 
returned by the water-syde rownd about the northeren point 
of the island, untill they came to the place where the colony 
was left 1586. Some tracts of feeting they found, and upon 
a sandy banck, on a tree, curiously carved, these romaine 
letters, “Cro”, which gave them hope they might be removed 
to Croatan, for their agreement was, indeed, to remove when 
Captaine White left them. Howbeit, Captaine White sought 
them no further, but missing them there, and his company 
havinge other practizes, and which those tymes afforded, they 
returned covetous of some good successe upon the Spanish 
fleete to returne that yeare from Mexico and the Indies,— 
neglecting thus these unfortunate and betrayed people, of 
whose end you shall yet hereafter read in due place in this 
decade. 


INTO VIRGINIA. - 153 


CAPUT V. 
The unfaithfulnes of such who were imployed miscarried the colony. 


Tuvus Sir W. Raleigh, weried with so great an expence, and 
abused with the unfaithfulnes of the ymployed, after he had 
sent (as you maye see by these five severall tymes) collonies 
and supplies at his owne charges, and nowe at length both 
himself and his successors thus betrayed, he was even nowe 
content to submit the fortune of the poore men’s lives, and 
lief of the holy accion ytself, into the favour and proteccion 
of the God of all mercy, whose will and pleasure he submit- 
ted unto to be fulfilled, as in all things ells, so in this one 
particuler. By which meanes, for seventeen or eighteen 
yeares togeather, yt lay neglected, untill yt pleased God at 


| 


It is anew 


length to move againe the heart of a great and right noble fie'nt‘nn. 
He 
earle amongst us, Earle of 
. rH bs Southamp- 
“Candidus et talos a yertice pulcher ad imos,” ton. 


Henry Earle of Southampton, to take yt in consideration, 

and seriously advise how to recreat and dipp yt anew into 

spiritt and life; who therfore (yt being so the will of the 

Eternall Wisdome, and so let all Christian and charitable 
hearted believe in compassion to this people) begunn to make 
new enquiries and much scruteny after the country to ex- 
| amyne the former proceedings, togither with the lawfulnes 
and pious end thereof, and then, having well weighed the 
greatnes and goodnes of the cause, he lardgley contributed to 
the furnishing out of a shipp to be comaunded by Capt. 
Bartholomew Gosnoll and Capt. Bartholomew Gilbert, and 
accompanyed with divers other gentlemen, to discover con- 
venyent place for a new colony to be sent thither, who ac- 
cordingly, in March, anno 1602, from Falmouth in a bark of 
Dartmouth, called the Concord, sett forward, holding a gamuen 
course for the north parte of Virginia. At which tyme, like- dispacnea 
wise, Sir W. Raleigh once more bought a bark, and hired all ginia hy Si 


x 


154 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


the companye for wages by the month, ymploying therein, for 
chief, Samuell Mace! (a sufficyent marriner, who had been 
twice before at Virginia), to fynd out those people which 
he had sent last thither (as before remembered) by Capt. 
White, 1587; and who, if so be they could happely light 
uppon them, were like enough to instruct us the more per- 
fectly in the quality of the natives, and condicion of the - 
approved country, which barke departed from Waymouth 
the said moneth of March, anno, likewise, 1602, to hold a 
southwardly course for Virginia, and which accordingly fell 
forty leagues to the so-westward of Hatarask, in 34 degrees, 
or thereabouts, and having there spent a moneth trading 
with the people for their owne, when they scoured along the 
coast, and, according to their charge, should have sought the 
people, both in the islands and upon the mayne, in divers 
appointed places, they did yt not, pretending that the ex- 
treamity of weather and loss of some principall ground tack- 
ling forced and feared them from searching the port at 
Hatarask, the isle of Croatan, or any parte of the mayne of 
Dasamonquepeuk, and therefore taking in some quantity of 
saxafras, at that tyme of a good value, worth some three 
shillings the Ib., Chyna roots, benjamin, cassia lignea, and 
the rynd of the tree which growes there, more strong then 
any spice, the vertue whereof, at length, is nowe well knowne, 
with divers other commodities, they returned, and brought 
no comfort or new accesse of hope concerning the lives and 
safety of the unfortunate English people, for which only they 
were sett forth, and the charg of this imployment was under- 
taken. 


1 See Purchas, vol. iv. f°. 1653. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 155 


CAPUT VI. 


The success of the good ship called the Concord, set forth by the Earle of 
Southampton, and commaunded by Capt. Bartholomew Gosnoll, for 
discovery, upon a right lyne, falling about Sachadehoe. 

Tue good ship the Concord, as you have heard, setting forth 

with this about the fourteenth of Maye followinge, making 

land in 43 degrees of the north latitude, had better successe ; 
for the commaunders therein, intending faithfully the end of 
their goeing forth, discovered many goodly rivers, islands, 
and a pleasant contynent, and the Indians in the said height, 
in bark shallops, with maast and sayle, iron grapples, and 
kettles of copper, came boldly abourd them, apparelled with 
wastcoats and’ breeches, some of black serdge, some of blew 
cloth, made after the sea fashion, with hose and shooes on 
their feet: a people tall of stature, broad and grym visaged; 
their eye browes paynted white; and yt seemed by some 
wordes and signes which they made, that some barks, or of 

St. John de Luz,! had fished and traded in this place. 

But the ship riding here in noe good harborow, and with 
all the weather doubted, the master stood off againe into the 
sea southwardly, and soone after found himself imbayed with 
a mighty headland, where, coming to an anchor within a 
league of the shoare, Capt. Gosnoll commaunded the shallop 
to be trymed out, and went ashore, where he perceayed this 
headland to be parcell of the mayne, and sondry islands 
lying almost round about yt; whereupon, thus satisfied, he 
repaired abourd againe, where, during the tyme of his ab- 
sence, which was not above six howers, he found the ship so 
furnished with excellent cod fish, which they had hauled, 
that they were compelled to through nombers of them over- 
bourd agayne: insomuch yt left this belief in them all,— 


1 So in MS. The port of St. Jean de Luz, in the Basses Pyrenees, 
became subsequently the seat of extensive commerce with the French 
possessions in North America. 


156 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


that in this season, namely, April and Maye, there maye, 
upon this coast, in this height (as I said of about 43) be as 
good fishing, and in as great plenty, as in the Newfoundland; 
and they were the more probably confirmed herein by the 
skulls of mackarells, herrings, cod, and other fish, which they 
daily saw as they went and came from the shoare; the place, 
besides, where they tooke these codds being but in seven 
fathome water, and within lesse than a league of the shoare, 
where, in Newfoundland, they fish forty or fifty fathome 
water, and far off upon the banck. 

_ This headland, therefore, they called Cape Cod, from 
whence they sayled round about the same almost all the 
points of the compasse, the shoare very bold; at length they 
came amongst many faier islands, three especyally, those 
which they had discerned upon the land, all lying within a 
league or two one of another, and not above six or seven leagues 
from the mayne; the one whereof Capt. Gosnoll called 
Marthaes Viniard, being stored with such an incredible 
nombre of vynes, as well in the woody parte of the island, 
where they runne upon every tree, as on the outward parts, 
that they could not goe for treading upon them ; the second, 
full of deare, and fowle, and glistering minerall stones, he 
called by his owne name, Gosnoll’s Island ; the third, about 
some sixtene miles in compasse, conteyning many peeces and 
necks of land little differinge from severall islands, saving 
that certaine bancks of small breadth, like bridges, seemed 
to joyne them to this island, he called Elizabeth Island. 
Upon this island they did sow, for a tryall, in sondry places, 
wheate, barley, oats, and pease, which in fourteen dayes were 
sproung up nyne inches and more. On the nor-west side of 
this island, neere to the sea-side, they found a standing lake! 
of fresh water, almost three English miles in compasse, in 
the midst whereof stood a little pretty plott or grove of wood, 


. 1 He would seem to refer to the lake, or rather lakes, near Middle- 
borough, Plymouth county, Massachusetts. 


SESE 


INTO VIRGINIA. 157 


an acre in quantity, or not much above; the lake full of 
tortoises, and exceedingly frequented with all sorts of fowle, 
which bredd, some lowe on the bancks, and others on low 
trees about the lake, in great aboundance, whose younge ones 
theye tooke and eate at their pleasure; also therein they 
found divers sorts of shelfish, as shallops, mushells, cockles, 
lobsters, crabs, oysters, and wilks; and the mayne against 
yt had manye meadowes, large, and full of greene grasse, 
even in the most wooddy places, the trees growing so distinct 
and apart, one tree from another, as was passable for horse 
or coach, with a broad harborow, or river’s mouth, which 
ran up into yt, most comodious, and promising a goodly seat. 
The people theron (for they will appeare forty or fifty at a _ 
tyme togither upon the water in severall canoas) would come 
downe and trade for furs of beavers, luzernos, marternes, 
otters, wild catt skyns, seale skyns, and other beast’ skines 
to ours unknowne, and which they would exchange for 
knives, babies’ beades, and such toyes. There were also 
great store of copper about them, some very redd, and some 
paller cullouwr. None of them but had chaines, earings, and 
collers of this mettall, as also they had large drincking cupps 
made like skulls, and other thine plates of copper, made much 
like our boarspeare blades; and when our people were desir- 
ous to understand where they had such store of this mettell, 
and made signes to them concerning the same, they tooke a 
peece of copper in their hands, and made a hole with their 
fingers in the grownd, and, withall, pointed to the higher 
growndes. 

Within the aforesaid grove, in the midst of the lake men- 
tioned, Capt. Gosnoll did determyne, with eleven more be- 
sides himself, who promised to tarry with him, to sitt downe 
and fortefye, purposing to send the pynnace home into Eng- 
land by Capt. Gilbert, for new and better preparations, to be 
returned the next yeare againe; and for the same purpose 
he built a large howse, and covered yt with sedge, which 


158 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


grew about the lake in great aboundance, in buylding whereof 
were three weekes and more spent. 

But after the trading with the Indians, and the bark had 
taken in so many furrs, skyns, some saxafras, and other 
commodities, as were thought convenyent, most of those 
eleven, who before had given their 1 to stay with Capt. 
Gosnoll, having now possest themselves with a covetous con- 
ceipt of their unlookt for marchandize, that they would be 
very profitable to them at their returne home upon the sale 
thereof at the best hand, making nothing but present gayne 
the end and object of this good work, would not nowe, by 
any meanes, be treated with to tarry behind the shipp, cast- 
ing many doubtes as how if the shipp should miscarry going 
home; or arriving, not to be supplied ; or supplied, miscarry 
in the returne, and suche like, Captaine Gosnoll was faine to 
yield to the presente necessity, and leaving this island with 
many sorrowful, loth to departe, about the mydst of June 
weyed, with faire wyndes, and the mydst of July arrived © 
againe safe in Exmouth in five monthes, thus finishing this 
discovery, and returning with giving many comforts, and 
those right true ones, concerning the benefitt of a plantation 
in those parts. 


CAPUT Vi. 


Capt. George Weymouth’s voyage, upon a right lyne (not seeking the 
wynde in the accustomed height of the West Indies), and falling 
with Sachadehoc, and the discovery of that river. 

Mvcu was comended the diligence and relation of Capt, 

Gosnoll; howbeit this voyage alone could not satisfye his so 

intent a spiritt and ambition in so great and glorious an en- 

terprise as his lordship, the foresaid Earle of Southampton, 
who laboured to have yt so beginne, as that it might be con- 


1 A similar gap in the original. 


aA 


INTO VIRGINIA. 159 


tynued with all due and prepared circumstances and saffety, 
and therefore would his lordship be concurrant the second 
tyme in a new survey and dispatch to be made thither with 
his brother in lawe, Tho. Arundell, Baron of Warder, who 
prepared a ship for Capt. Georg Weymouth, which set sayle 
from Ratcliff in March, anno 1605, and which, about the 
midst of Maye following, fell with the land, an island un- 
to the mayne of the coast of America, in the height, as he 
found yt, of about 42, who from thence casting yt norward 
to 44,—what paines he tooke in discovering,—may witnes 
the many convenyent places upon the mayne, and isles, and 
rivers, togither with that little one of Pamaquid, and of his 
search sixty miles up the most excellent and beneficyall river 
of Sachadehoec, which he found capable of shippinge for tra- 
fique of the greatest burden, a benefitt, indeed, alwaies to be 
accompted the richest treasure to any land; for which we 
for our Severne and Thames, and Fraunce for Loire, Seine, 
and the river of Burdeux, and the Lowe Countries for their 
ynnumerable navigable rivers, receave our and their greatest 
wealth. Next he found the land faire, and the whole coast 
bold to fall with, and then, a safe harbour for shipps to ride 
in, which hath besides, without the river, in the channell and 
soundes about the island, adjoyning to the mouth thereof, so 
desired a road, as yt is capable of an infinite nomber of 
shippes. The river, likewise, ytself, as yt runneth upp into 
the mayne for very neere forty miles towards the high inland 
mountaines, he found to beare in breadth a myle, sometymes 
three quarters, and half a mile the narrowest ; never under 
four or five fathom water hard by the shoare, and six, seven, 
eight, nine, and ten fathomes all along on both sides; every 
half mile very gallant coves, some almost able to conteyne one 
hundred sayle, where the grownde ys soft ouze, with a tuffe 
clay under, for anchor hold, and where shipps maye lye 
without eyther anchor or cable, only moared to the shoare 
with a hauser; and which floweth eighteen or twenty foot at 


160 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


high water, with fit docks apperteyning to graine or carine 
shippes of all burthens, secured from all windes, which is so 
necessarye and incomparable a benefitt, that in few places in 
England, or in any parts of Christendome, art, with great 
charges, can make the like; besides, the bordering land most 
commodious and fertill, trending all along on both sides in 
an equall plaine, neither mountaynes nor rockye, but virged 
with a greene border of grasse, sometymes three or four 
acres, sometymes eight or ten togither, so making tender 
unto the eye of the surveyor her fertility and pleasure, and 
which would be much more if, by clensing away her wooddes, — 
shee were converted into goodly meadowe ; and the wodd she 
beareth is not shrubbish, fitt only for fuell, but goodly oake, 
birch, tall firre and spruse, which in many places grow not 
so thick together, but may, with small labour, be made feed- 
ing grownd, being plentifully stoared, like the outward is- 
lands, with fresh water springs, which streame downe in 
many places. The woddes here are full of deare, hares, and 
other beasts, and reasonably well inhabited by the natives, 
of mild and good condicions; many provinces (as about us 
within the Chesapeak Bay, and about Roanoack) governed 
in chief by a principall commaunder or prince, whom they 
call Bashaba, who hath under him divers petty kings, which 
they call Sagamoes, the same which the Indians in our more 
sowardly parts call weroances, all rich in divers kinds of 
excellent furrs. 

To take possession of this land and goodly river for his 
Majestie, Captain Weymouth thought it fitt to make up to 
the head of the river, which he did well sixty miles in his 
barge ; and as the streame trended westward into the mayne, 
and at that height yt beganne to narrowe, so he there sett 
upp a crosse with his Majestie’s inscription thereon, observ- 
ing all the waye, that in noe place, eyther about the islands, 
or up in the mayne, or all alongst the river, there could be 
discerned any one token or signe that ever any Christian 


INTO VIRGINIA. 161 


had been. there before, of which, eyther by cutting wodd, 
digging for water, or setting up crosses (memorialls seldome 
omitted) by Christian travellers, they might have perceaved 
some testimony, or mention might have been left; and after 
this search, Capt. Weymouth being well satisfied, with in- 
struction and knowledg, of soe commodious a seat, sett sayle 
for England, and the eighteenth of July following arrived 
before Dartmouth. 

Upon his returne, his goodly report joyning with Capt. 
Gosnoll’s, cawsed the busines with soe prosperous and faire 


- starrs to be accompanied, as it not only encouraged the saide 


Earle (the foresaid Lord Arundell being by [t]his tyme 
chaunged in his intendments this waye, and engaged so far 
to the Archduke, before returne of this ship, that he no more 
thought upon the accion), but likewise called forth many 
firme and harty lovers, and some likewise long affected 
thereunto, who by comyng, therefore, humble peticioners to 
his Majestie for the advancemeat of the same (as for the only 
enterprize reserved unto his daies that was yet left unaccom- 
plisht; whereas God might be aboundantly made knowen ; 
His name enlarged and honoured; a notable nation made 
fortunate ; and ourselves famous), yt well pleased his Majes- 
tie (whoe, in all his practizes and consultations, hath ever 
sought God more than himself, and the advauncement of His 
glory, professing deadly enmity—noe prince soe much—with 
ignoraunce and errour), adding to her Christian prenomen, 
Virginia, the surname of Britannia, to cause his letters to be 
made patents the tenth of Aprill, 1606, in the fourth yeare of 
his Majestie’s raigne of England, and thirty-ninth of Scot- 
land, for two colonyes; the one consisting of divers knights, 
gentlemen, marchants, and others of the citty of London, 
called the first colony ;' and the other of sondry knights, gen- 
tlemen, and others of the citty of Bristoll, Exeter, and the 


! Otherwise called the London Company. 


162 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


towne of Plymouth, and other places, called the second co- 
lonye.' 
This last, since yt had his end so untymely, by the death 
of the upright and noble gentleman late Lord Chief Justice 
of England, chief patron of the same, Sir John Popham, 
knight ; and since the order and methode of a full history 
doth clayme of me the remembrance of the most materiall 
poincts at least, as well of this late northern colony as of 
the first planted more to the south, I have not thought yt 
amisse to epithomize a fewe things (and which have not yet 
by any one bene published, or written of) of the same; by 
which, likewise (as I maye the better descend into the oc- 
curraunces of our owne), maie be the clierer confirmed the 
story of all three—the one by the other—where the congruity 
(meaninge the commodityes of the country, nature of the 
soyle, and qualities of the’ people) betweene all three is so 
full and answerable. : 


CAPUT VIII. 


A colonie sent out to settle, within the river of Sachadehoc, by the 
Honourable Sir John Popham, Knight, Lord Chief Justice of Eng- 
land, under the government of Capt. Popham and Capt. Gilbert ; of 
the Spaniards surprising of a ship of Bristoll, sent for the use of the 
colonie. 

Av what tyme the adventurers of the first colonye, anno 1606, 

had prepared all things fitt, with a fleet of three saile, for 

Capt. Christopher Newport to transport a colony of one 

hundred, to begynne the plantation within the Chesapeak 

Bay, the foresaid Sir John Popham likewise prepared a tall 

ship well furnished, belonging to Bristoll and the river of 

Severne, with many planters, which sett out from Plymouth 

about Maye ,” Haines maister, to settle a plantacion in 


1 Otherwise called the Plymouth Company. 
2 A similar gap in the original. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 163 


the river of Sachadehoc, which, making his course for the 
islands of Flores and Cornez,! one morning, about the islande 
of Gratiosa, the Spanish fleet comynge from Mexico, had 
sight of yt, gave yt chase, and soone tooke yt; and under- 
standing by examinacion whither she was outward bound, 
and for what purpose, they tooke the captaine, whose name 
was Martyn Pryn, out of her, togither with the maister and 
most of the passengers, dispersing them into divers shipps 
of their owne, and soe held their course, carrying ours along 
with them for Spaine ; howbeyt one of the fleete, wherein 
three or four of the English were togither, by the steerage of 
the English, who tooke their turnes at the helme, and not 
being observed, altered their course, or whither by contrary 
wynds compelled, true yt is upon observacion, the Spanish 
pilott not knowing where he was, unlooked for fell upox the 
coast of Fraunce, within the river of Burdeux, where they 
would have concealed the English, and stowed them there- 
fore under hatches, had they not happely bene perceaved by 
some of the French, which came abourd and obteyned them 
of the Spaniard, and carried them ashore, at what tyme one 
of them, Daniell Tucker, gent., made complaint unto the 
officers of the place of this wronge offred unto them, and, in 
his Majestie’s name, caused this shipp to be staied and 
arrested untill the court in Paris might determyn of the 
same ; but the Spaniard had too golden an advocate, a West 
Indian purse comynge newly from thence, and therefore, after 
some litle attendaunce, easily freed himself from the incum- 
braunce and made for Spaine, with malice inough to entreat 
the other captived English, whome they had dispersed and 
made slaves in their gallions. 

Howbeyt, the aforesaid late Lord Chief Justice would not, 
for all this hard hansell and Spanish mischief, give over his 
determinacion for planting of a colony within the aforesaid 
so goodly a country, upon the river of Sachadehoc; but 


1 7. e. Corvo. 


164 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


against the next yeare prepared a greater number of planters, 
and better provisions, which in two shipps he sent thither ; 
a fly boat, called the Gift of God, wherein a kinsman of his, 
George Popham, commaunded; and a good ship, called the 
Mary and John, of London, wherein Raleigh Gilbert com- 
maunded; which, with one hundred and twenty persons for 
planters, brake ground from Plymouth in June, 1607, which 
the twenty-fifth fell with Gratiosa, and the twenty-eighth 
tooke in wood and water at Flores and Cornez, from whence 
they allways kept their course to the westward as much as 
wynd and weather would permitt; in which course to the 
west, and west nor-west, as the wynd would give leave, they 
ran twoo hundred leagues from Flores, and in the latitude 
of 42 degrees they found the compasse to be varied one whole 
pointe. 

From whence they stood still to the westward untill the 
twenty-seventh of July, being then in the latitude of 43 and 
two thirds, where they threw out the dipsing lead, and had 
grownd, but twenty fathome and twenty-two fathome, upon 
a banck, and here they fisht some three howers, and tooke 
neere two hundred of cod, very great fish, and where they- 
might have laden their ship in lyttle tyme. 

From hence they stood in for the mayne, the wynd being 
at so-west, and as they ran in for the land, they alwaies 
sounded from this banck, and having run some twelve leagues 
from the banck nor-west, they sounded, and had sixty fathome 
ouze, ground black. The wynd now growing scant, they 
were constreyned to stand for the so-ward, and made south 
so-west way, and sounded againe the next daye, being the 
twenty-eighth of July, and had thirty fathome; small stones 
and white shells, fishing grownd. 

29. They made a west waie untill noone, and then sounded; 
had one hundred and sixty fathome black ouze. 

30. About 1 of the clock in the morning, they 
had sight of the land, and yt bore of them nor-west. They 


1 A similar gap in the original. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 165 


sounded, being ten leagues from the shoar, and had one 
hundred fathomes black ouze. They made towards the 
shoare, but could not recover yt before the night tooke them; 
for which they were constrayned to beare of a litle from the 
land, and lye a hull all that night, where they found abound- 
ance of fish very large and great, and the water deepe hard 
abourd the shoare, eighteen or twenty fathome. 

31. Standing in for the shoare in the afternoone, they 
came to an anchor under an island, for all this coast is full 
of islands, but very sound and good for shipping to passe by 
them, and the water deepe hard abourd them ; they had not 
bene at anchor two howers, when there came a Spanishe 
shallop to them from the shoare, in her eight salvadg men and 
a little salvadg boy, whoe at the first rowed about them and 
would not come abourd, notwithstanding they proffered them 
bread, knives, beades, and other small trifles; but having 
gazed awhile upon the ship they made shewe to departe; 
howbeyt when they were a little from them, they returned 
againe and boldly came up into the shipp, and three of them 
stayed all night abourd, the rest departed and went to the 
shoare, shewing by signes that they would returne the next 
daye. 


The first of August, the same salvadges returned with three 4xsust. 


women with them in another biskey shallop, bringing with 
them many beaver skyns to exchaunge for knyves and beades; 
the saganio of that place they told them Messamot, seated 
upon a river not farr off, which they called Emanuell. The 
salvadges departing, they hoisted out theire bote; and the 
pilott, Captain R. Davies, with twelve others, rowed into the 
bay wherein their ship road, and landed on a galland island, 
where they found gooseberries, strawberries, raspices, hurts, 
and all the island full of huge high trees of divers sorts: 
after they had delighted themselves there a while, they re- 
turned abourd againe and observed the place to stand in 
44. degrees one-third. 

1 The latitude here given would lead to the supposition that the island 


166 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


2. About midnight, the moone shining bright and the 
wynd being fayre, at nor-east they departed from this place, 
setting their course so-west, for soe the coast lieth. 

3. Early in the morning they were faire by the shoar, a 
league from yt, and saw many islands of great bignes and 
many great sownds going betwixt them, but made proofe of 
none of them, but found great stoare of fish all along the 
coast. 

4. They were thwart of the cape or headland, which stands 
in 43 degrees,? the shipp being in 42 degrees 50 minutes ; 
betwixt the place they were now at and the said cape or 
headland, yt is all full of islands and deepe sounds for any 


referred to was Mount Desert Island, in Frenchman’s Bay ; but nearly all 
other histories record Manhegin island as the point at which they first 
landed. 

2 In order to verify and define, in modern nomenclature, the descrip- 
tion of the course held by the adventurers, as given in this and the follow- 
ing three pages, a very elaborate and beautiful manuscript map of this 
coast, in the British Museum, on a scale of two miles to an inch, has been 
consulted. The examination leads unequivocally to the inference, that 
the observation of the latitude, as here quoted, is incorrect by rather more 
than half a degree. The conclusion which, from a careful study of the 
map, the editor has adopted as most consistent with all the details here 
described, is, that the headland referred to is Cape Small Point, and that 
the three islands are Damiscove island, Wood island, and Outward Heron 
island, with the Pumpkin island ledges lying (as described) southward of 
the eastern-most of the three. The two latter of the three islands lie 
agreeably with the description, east and west of each other, but Damis- 
cove island is to the southward of Wood island. If no allowance be made 
for this discrepancy, it appears impossible to find any other trio of islands 
so nearly approaching the description, either as to their bearing with refer- 
ence to each other, and to the headland, or their distance respectively 
from Penobscot and the St. George’s islands. The inference that the 
headland is Cape Small Point is based on the fact that no more southerly 
cape would offer a great number of islands between itself and the ship 
while lying southward of such cape ; and if we assume it to be more nor- 
therly, we wander still further from the latitude quoted by our author, 
and with still less correspondence with the description in other minor 
points ; this would be the case, for example, if we were to adopt the sup- 
position, which the examination has sometimes suggested, that the Mati- 
nicus Islands and Moose Point were referred to. 


= 


INTO VIRGINIA. 167 


shipping to goe in by them, and where is exceeding good 
fishing for cod, great and small, bigger then what comes from 
the banck of the Newfoundland. This cape is lowland, shew- 
ing white like sand, but yt is all whit rocks, and a strong 
tyde goeth there. They ran within half a league of the cape, 
and from thence the land fell awaye and falls in from this 
headland, nor-west and by nore, and nor-west. They keept 
their course from this headland and came to three islands, 
where they found a ledge of rocks to the so-ward, which 
made them hale off from them, and the wynd being at nor- 
est, they passed them, keeping their coast still west and by 
south, and west so-west, untill twelve of the clock at night, 
and made from this headland, in all thirty leagues. 

5. They made a west nor-west way, from four of the clock 
in the morning untill three of the clock in the afternoone, 
and made fifteen leagues, and then they saw the land againe; 
for from the cape before named, they saw noe more land but 
those three islands untill now, in which tyme they ran forty- 
five leagues, and the land bore of them, when they saw yt 
firste, nor-west and by north, and yt shewed yt self in this 
forme. 


Nine leagues or more from yt, there be three high moun- 
taynes that lie in on the land, the land called Segohquet, 
neere about the river of Penobscot.! They stood towards 
this high land untill twelve of the clock noone the next daye, 
and they found the ship to be by observation in 43. 


1 The mountains of Penobscot stand in three clumps, each of which 
would probably have the appearance at a distance of a single mountain. 


168 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


6. From twelve of the clock noon they kept their course 
due west and came neere unto the three islands, lying low 


- and flatt by the water, shewing white to the water as if it 


were sand; but yt is white rock, making shew afarr off almost 
like Dover Cliffes. There lyeth so-west from the easter- 
most of the three islands a white rockye island, and those 
other three islands lye one of the other east and west ; soe 
they stood their course west fast by them, and as they stood 
to the westward, the high land before spoken made shewe of 
this forme, bearing of them then nore-nor-west. 


From hence they kept still their course west and by nore 
towards three other islands, which they saw lying from those 
islands eight leagues ; and about ten of the clock at night, 
having sent in their boat before night to make yt, they bore 
in for one of them, the which they afterwards named St. 
George his Island; they sounded all along as they came in, 
and found very deepe water, hard about yt forty fathome. 
In the morning they were envyrouned every way with islands, 
they told upward of thirty islands from abourd their shipp, 
very good sayling out betweene them. 

7. They weyed anchor, therby to ride in more saffety 
howsoever the wind should happen to blow ; how be yt before 
they put from the island they found a crosse set up, one of 
the same which Captain George Weyman, in his discovery, 
for all after occasions, left upon this island. Having sayled 
to the westward, they brought the high land before spoken of 
to be north, and then it shewed thus,— 


— 


INTO VIRGINIA. 169 


About midnight, Captain Gilbert caused his shipp’s boat 
to be mannde with fourteen persons and the Indian Skidwares, 
(brought into England by Captain Wayman) and rowed to 
the westward from their shipp, to the river of Pamaquid, 
which they found to be four leagues distant from the shipp, 
where she road. The Indian brought them to the salvadges’ 
houses, where they found a hundred men, women, and chil- 
drene; and theire chief commander, or sagamo, amongst them, 
named Nahanada, who had been brought likewise into Eng- 
land by Captain Wayman, and returned thither by Captain 
Hanam, setting forth for those parts and some part of Canada 
the year before ; at their first comyng the Indians betooke 
them to their armes, their bowes and arrowes; but after 
Nahanada had talked with Skidwares and perceaved that they 
were English men, he caused them to lay aside their bowes 
and arrowes, and he himself came unto them and ymbraced 
them, and made them much welcome, and entertayned them 
with much chierfulnesss, and did they likewise him; and after 
two howers thus enterchangeably spent, they returned abourd 
againe. 


CAPUT IX. 


Of some accidents happening in the firste setlement of this northerne 
colonie. 


9. Sonday, the chief of both the shipps, with the great- 
est part of all the company, landed on the island where 
the crosse stood, the which they called St. George’s Island, 
and heard a sermon delivered unto them by Mr. Seymour, 
his preacher, and soe returned abourd againe. 

10. Captain Popham manned his shallop, and Captain 
Gilbert his ship boat, with fifty persons in both, and departed 
for the river of Pemaquid, carrieng with them Skidwares, 
and arrived in the mouthe of the river; there came forth 

Z 


170 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


Nahanada, with all his company of Indians with their bowes 
and arrowes in their handes. They being before his dwelling- 
house, would not willingly have all our people come on 
shoare, using them in all kind sort after their manner; never- 
thelesse, after one hower, they all suddenly withdrew them- 
selves into the woodes, nor was Skidwares desirous to returne 
with them any more abourd. Our people loth to proffer any 
vyolence unto him by drawing him by force, suffered him to 
stay behind, promising to returne to them the next day fol- 
lowing, but he did not. After his departure they imbarked 
themselves, and rowed to the further side of the river and 
there remayned on the shoare for that night. 

11. They returned to their shipps towards the evening, 
where they still road under St. George’s Island.! 

12. They weyed anchors and sett saile to goe for the 
river of Sachadehoc; they had little wynd and kept their 
course west. 

13. They were south of the island of Sutquin,? a league 
from yt, and yt riseth in this form hereunder; but they 
did not take yt to be Sutquin. 


PQA 
YY 
\ 


Sutquin, being sowth of it. The high mountains being north from you rise thus. 


Soe the weather being very faire, they sought the islande 
further to the westward ;° but at length fynding that they 
had overshott yt, they bore up helme, but were soon be- 
calmed ; by which means they were constreyned to remayne 
at sea, when about midnight there arose a mighty storme 
upon them, which put them in great danger, by reason they 
were so neere the shoare and could not gett off, the wynd all 


1 Capt. John Smith makes them to fall in with Manhegin island on 


the eleventh of August. 
2 Seguin island. 8 Damiscove island ? 


= 


INTO VIRGINIA. 171 


the while at south, and yt blew very stiffe, soe as they were 
compelled to turne yt to and agayne, hard abourd the lee 
shoare, many rocks and islands under their lee hard by them ; 
but, God be thancked, they escaped untill yt was daye, the 
storme still contynuyng untill noone the next daye. 

14. Soe soone as the daye gave light, they perceaved 
that they were hard abourd the shore, in the bay that 
they were in the daie before, which made them look out for 
some place to thrust in the shipp to save their lives; for 
towing the long boat, yt laye suncke at the sterne two howers 
and more, yett would they not cutt her off, lyving in hope to 
save her; so bearing up helme, they stood in right with the 
shoare, when anon they perceaved two little islands, to which 
they made, and there they found (God be thancked) good 
anchoring, where they road untill the storme broak, which 
was the next daie after. Here they freed their boat, and had 
her ashore to repaire her, being much torne and spoiled. 
These islands are too leagues to the westward of Sachadehoe. 
Upon one of them they went on shoare, and found four sal- 
vadges and one woman. ‘The islands all rockye and full of 
pine trees. 

15. The storme ended, and the wynd came faire for 
them to goe for Sachadehoc, the river whether they were 
bound to and enjoyned to make their plantacion in; soe they 
weyed anchor and sett sayle, and came to the eastward and 
found the island of Sutquin, and anchored under yt, for the 
wynd was of the shoare, by which they could not gett into 
Sachadehoc; yet Capt. Popham, with the fly-boat, gott in. 

16. In the morning, Capt. Popham sent his shallop 
to helpe in the Mary and John, which weyed anchor, and 
being calme, was soone towed in and anchored by the Guift’s 
syde.! 

17. Capt. Popham, in his pynnace, with thirty per- 
sons, and Capt. Gilbert in his long boat, with eighteen 

1 This ship, it will be remembered, was called the “Gift of God”. 


172 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


persons more, went early in the morning from their shipp 
into the river Sachadehoc, to view the river, and to search 
where they might find a fitt place for their plantation. They 
sayled up into the river neere forty leagues, and found yt to 
be a very gallant river, very deepe, and seldome lesse water 
then three fathome, when they found sest ;' whereupon they 
proceeded no farther, but in their returne homewards they 
observed many goodly islands therein, and many braunches 
of other small rivers falling into yt. 

18. They all went ashore, and there made choise of a 
place for their plantacion,? at the mouth or entry of the 
ryver on the west side (for the river bendeth yt self towards 
the nor-east, and by east), being almost an island, of a good 
bignes, being in a province called by the Indians Sabino, so 
called of a sagamo or chief commaunder under the graund 
bassaba. As they were ashoare, three canoas full of Indians 
came to them, but would not come neere, but rowed away 
up the river. 

19. They all went ashoare where they had made choise 
of their plantation and where they had a sermon deli- 
vered unto them by their preacher; and after the sermon, 
the president’s commission was read, with the lawes to be 
observed and kept. George Popham, gent., was nominated 
president ; Captain Raleigh Gilbert, James Davies, Richard 
Seymer, preacher, Captain Richard Davies, Captain Harlow, 
the same who brought away the salvadges at this tyme shewed 


1 Query, rest,—as in our old word “ zest”, an afternoon’s nap ; as, “to 
go to one’s zest,”—from “ siesta”.—Port. 

2 Belknap, in his “American Biography,” says that they landed on a 
peninsula ; but in the collection of the Mass. Historical Society it is 
called Parker’s island, which, according to the MS. map already alluded 
to, is formed by the waters of the Kennebeck on the west, Jeremysquam 
bay on the east, the sea on the south, and a small strait dividing it from 
Arrowsick island on the north. It is called Parker’s island because it 
was purchased of the natives, in 1650, by one John Parker, who was the 
first occupant after the year 1608, when this colony was broken up. 


INTO VIRGINIA. 173 


in London, from the river of Canada, were all sworne assist- 
ants; and soe they returned back againe. 

20. All went to shoare again, and there began to en- 
trench and make a fort, and to buyld a storehouse, soe 
contynewing the 21st, 22nd, 23rd, 24th, 25th, 26th, 27th. 

28. Whilst most of the hands laboured hard about the 
fort and the carpenters about the buylding of a small pinnace, 
the president overseeing and applying every one to his 
worke, Captain Gilbert.departed in the shallop upon a 
discovery to the westward, and sayled all the daye by many 
gallant islands. The wynd at night comyng contrary, they 
came to anchor that night under a headland, by the Indians 
called Semiamis ;! the land exceeding good and fertile, as ap- 
peared by the trees growing thereon being goodly and great, 
most oake and walnutt, with spatious passages betweene, and 
noe rubbish under, and a place most fitt to fortifye on, being 
by nature fortifyed on two sides with a spring of water 
under yt. ; ; 

29. They departed from this headland Semiamis, in the 
heigh of 434 degrees, and rowed along the shoar to the 
westward, for that the wynd was against them, and which 
blewe so hard that they reached no farther than an island 
two leagues off, where, whilst they anchored, two canoas 
passed by them but would not come neere them. 

30. They returned homewards before the wynd, sayling 
by many goodly and gallant islands; for betwixt the said 
headland and Semiamis, and the river of Sachadehoc, is a 
very great bay ;> in the which there lyeth soe many islands 
and so thicke and neere togither, that can hardly be dis- 
cerned the nomber, yet may any shipp passe betwixt, the 
greatest parte of them having seldome lesse water than eight 
or ten fathome about them. These islands are all over- 

1 Cape Elizabeth. 


2 Casco Bay, which is said to contain as many islands as there are days 
in the year. 


174 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


growne with woods, as oak, walnutt, pine, spruse trees, hasell 
nutts, sarsaparilla, and hurts in abundaunce, only they found 
no saxafras at all in the country, and this night they arrived 
at the fort againe. 

September. 31. And lst of September, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th, nothing was 
done, but only for the furtheraunce and buyldinge of the fort 
and storehouse to receave ashore their victualls. 

5. About noone, there came into the entraunce of the 
river of Sachadehoe and soe unto the fort, as our people were 
at their worke, nine canoes with forty salvadges in them, 
men, women, and children, and amongst them was Nahanada 
and Skidwares. They came up into the fort, and the presi- 
dent gave them meat and drinck, and used them exceeding 
kindly. Two or three howers they remayned there and then 
they parted, Skidwares and an other salvadge staying still, 
with whome at night Captain Gilbert, James Davies, and 
Ellis Beast, went over to the farthest side of the river, whe- 
ther all the rest had withdrawen themselves, and there re- 
mayned with them all the night; and early in the morninge, 
the salvadges departed in their canoas for the river of Pama- 
quid, promising Captain Gilbert to accompany him in their 
canoas to the river of Penobscott, where the bassaba dwells. 

6. And 7th, the busines of the fort only attended. 

8. Captain Gilbert, with twenty-two others, departed in 
the shallop for the river of Penobscot, taking with him 
divers sorts of marchandize to trade with the bassaba; but 
by reason the wynd held easterly, being contrary, yt was 
three daies before he gott into the river of Penobscot. 

11. Early in the morning they came into the river of 
Pamaquid, there to call Nahanada and Skidwares to goe 
along with them; but, being arrived there, they found that 
they were all gone from thence unto the river of Penobscot 
before, wherefore, they sett sayle for that river ; and all that 
day, as likewise the 12th and 13th, they sayled and searched 
to the eastward, yet by noe meanes could find the river, for 


o 


INTO VIRGINIA. 175 


which they returned, their victuals spent, and the wynd large 
and good, and in too dayes arrived againe at the fort, having 
had a sight, the 15th in the morning, of a blasing starr in 
the nor-east of them. 

The 16th, 17th, 18th, 19th, 20th, 21st, 22nd, all labored 
about the fort and buylding up of the storehouse. 


CAPUT X. 


The death of Capt. Popham ; Capt. Gilbert disposeth of himself for Eng- 
land when the companie woud then stay no longer, albeit Capt. 
Davies returned unto them with a great supply from England. 

23. Captain Gilbert, accompanied with nineteen others, 
departed in his shallop, to goe for the head of the river 
of Sachadehoc. They sayled all this daye, and the 24th the 
like, untill six of the clock in the afternoone, when they 
landed on the river’s side, where they found a champion land 
and very fertile, where they remayned all that night. 

25. In the morning, they departed from thence and 
sayled up the river and came to a flatt low island where 
ys a great cataract or downfall of water, which runneth by 
both sides of this island very shold and swift. In this island 
they found great store of grapes, both redd and white; good 
hopps, as also chiballs and garlike; they haled their boat 
with a strong rope through this downfall perforce, and went 
neere a league further up, and here they lay all night; and 
in the first of the night there called certaine salvages on 
the further side of the river unto them in broken English ; 
they answeared them againe and parted long with them, when 
towards morning they departed. 

1 Query, Swan island, a few miles up the river; the fall of water 
round which may be more properly called a downfall of water than a 
cataract. The first great fall of water from the mouth of the river is that 


at Waterville : but there is no island at that spot laid down in the best 
modern maps. 


+ ~ 


me 


SO a nN 


——=———- 


176 HISTORTE OF TRAVAILE 


26. In the morning there came a canoa unto them, 
and in her a Sagamo and four salvages, some of those 
which spoke to them the night before. The Sagamo called 
his name Sebenoa, and told us how he was lord of the river 
Sachadedoc. They entertayned him friendly, and tooke him 
into their boat and presented him with some triffling things, 
which he accepted; howbeyt, he desired some one of our 
men to be put into his canoa as a pawne of his safety, where- 
upon Captain Gilbert sent in a man of his, when presently 
the canoa rowed away from them with all the speed they 
could make up the river. They followed with the shallop, 
haying great care that the Sagamo should not leape over- 
bourd. The canoa quickly rowed from them and landed, and 
the men made to their howses, being neere a league on the 
land from the river’s side, and carried our man with them. 
The shallop making good waye, at length came to another 
downefall, which was so shallowe and soe swift, that by noe 
meanes they could passe any further, for which, Captain 
Gilbert, with nine others, landed and tooke their fare, the 
salvadge Sagamo, with them, and went in search after those 
other salvages, whose howses, the Sagamo told Captain 
Gilbert, were not farr off; and after a good tedious march, 
they came indeed at length unto those salvages’ howses, 
wheere found neere fifty able men very strong and tall, such 
as their like before they had not seene; all newly painted 
and armed with their bowes and arrowes. Howbeyt, after 
that the Sagamo had talked with them, they delivered back 
again the man, and used all the rest very friendly, as did 
ours the like by them, who shewed them their comodities of 
beads, knives, and some copper, of which they seemed very 
fond; and by waye of trade, made shew that they would - 
come downe to the boat and there bring such things as they 
had to exchange them for ours. Soe Captain Gilbert departed 
from them, and within half an howre after he had gotten to 
his boat, there came three canoas down unto them, and in 


INTO VIRGINIA. 177 


them some sixteen salvages, and brought with them some 
tobacco and certayne small skynes, which were of no value ; 
which Captain Gilbert perceaving, and that they had nothing 
ells wherewith to trade, he caused all his men to come 
abourd, and as he would have putt from the shore; the sal- 
vadges perceiving so much, subtilely devised how they might 
put out the fier in the shallop, by which meanes they sawe 
they should be free from the danger of our men’s pieces, and 
to performe the same, one of the salvadges came into the 
shallop and taking the fier brand which one of our company 
held in his hand thereby to light the matches, as if he would 
light a pipe of tobacco, as sone as he had gotten yt into his 
hand he presently threw it into the water and leapt out of 
the shallop. Captain Gilbert seeing that, suddenly com- 
manded his men to betake them to their musketts and the 
targettiers too, from the head of the boat, and bad one of 
the men before, with his targett on his arme, to stepp on the 
shore for more fier; the salvages resisted him and would 
not suffer him to take any, and some others holding fast the 
boat roap that the shallop could not putt off. Captain Gil- 
bert caused the musquettiers to present their peeces, the 
which, the salvages seeing, presently lett goe the boatroap 
and betooke them to their bowes and arrowes, and ran into 
the bushes, nocking their arrowes, but did not shoot, neither 
did ours at them. So the shallop departed from them to the 
further side of the river, where one of the canoas came unto 
them, and would have excused the fault of the others. 
Captain Gilbert made shew as if he were still friends, and 
entertayned them kindlye and soe left them, returning to 
the place where he had lodged the night before, and there 
came to an anchor for that night. The head of the river 
standeth in 45 degrees and odd mynutts. Upon the con- 
tinent they found aboundance of spruse trees such as are 
able to maast the greatest ship his majestie hath, and many 
other trees, oke, walnutt, pineaple ; fish, aboundance; great 
AA 


178 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE 


store of grapes, hopps, and chiballs, also they found certaine 
codds in which they supposed the cotton wooll to grow, and 
also upon the bancks many shells of pearle. 

27. Here they sett up a crosse and then returned home- 
ward, in the way seeking the by river of some note called 
Sasanoa. This daye and the next they sought yt, when the 
weather turned fowle and full of fog and raine, they made 
all hast to the fort before which, the 29th, they arrived. 

80. and 1 and 2 of October, all busye about the fort. 

8. There came a canoa unto some of the people of the 
fort as they were fishing on the sand, in which was Skid- 
wares, who badd them tell their president that Nahanada, 
with the Bashabaes brother and others, were on the further 
side of the river, and the next daie would come and visitt 
hin. 

4. There came two canoas to the fort, in which were 
Nahanada and his wife, and Skidwares, and the Basshabaes 
brother, and one other called Amenquin, a Sagamo; all 
whome the president feasted and entertayned with all kind- 
nes, both that day and the next, which being Sondaye, the 
president carried them with him to the place of publike 
prayers, which they were at both morning and evening, at- 
tending yt with great reverence and silence. 

6. The salvadges departed all except Amenquin the Sa- 
gamo, who would needes staye amongst our people a longer 
tyme. Upon the departure of the others, the president gave 
unto every one of them copper beades, or knives, which con- 
tented them not a little, as also delivered a present unto the 
Basshabae’s brother, and another for his wife, giving him to 
understand that he would come unto his court in the river of 
Penobscot, and see him very-shortly, bringing many such 
like of his country commodityes with him. 

You maie please to understand how, whilst this busines 
was thus followed here, soone after their first arrivall, that 
had dispatch’t away Capt. Robert Davies, in the Mary. and 


INTO VIRGINIA. 179 


John, to advertise of their safe arrival and forwardnes of 
their plantacion within this river of Sachadehoc, with letters 
to the Lord Chief Justice, ymportuninge a supply for the 
most necessary wants to the subsisting of a colony, to be 
sent unto them betymes the next yeare. 

After Capt. Davies’ departure they fully finished the fort, 
trencht and fortefied yt with twelve pieces of ordinaunce, and 
built fifty howses therein, besides a church and a storehowse; 
and the carpenters framed a pretty Pynnace of about some 
thirty tonne, which they called the Virginia; the chief ship 
wright being one Digby of London. 

Many discoveries likewise had been made both to the 
mayne and unto the neighbour rivers, and the frontier na- 
tions fully discovered by the diligence of Capt. Gilbert, had 
not the wynter proved soe extreame unseasonable and frosty ; 
for yt being in the yeare 1607, when the extraordinary frost 
was felt in most parts of Europe, yt was here likewise as 
vehement, by which noe boat could stir upon any busines. 
Howbeyt, as tyme and occasyon gave leave, there was nothing 
omitted which could add unto the benefitt or knowledg of the 
planters, for which when Capt. Davies arrived there in the 
yeare following (sett out from Topsam, the port towne of 
Exciter, with a shipp laden full of victualls, armes, instru- 
ments, and tooles, etc.), albeyt, he found Mr. George Popham, 
the president, and some other dead, yet he found all things 
in good forwardnes, and many kinds of furrs obteyned from 
the Indians by way of trade; good store of sarsaparilla 
gathered, and the new pynnace all finished. But by reason 
that Capt. Gilbert received letters that his brother was newly 
dead, and a faire portion of land fallen unto his share, which 
required his repaier home, and noe mynes discovered, nor 
hope thereof, being the mayne intended benefit expected to 
uphold the charge of this plantacion, and the feare that all 
other wynters would prove like the first, the company by no 
means would stay any longer in the country, especyally Capt. 


180 HISTORIE OF TRAVAILE, ETC. 


Gilbert being to leave them, and Mr. Popham, as aforesaid, 
dead ; wherefore they all ymbarqued in this new arrived 
shipp, and in the new pynnace, the Virginia, and sett saile 
for England. And this was the end of that northerne colony 
uppon the river Sachadehoc. 


Bayerische 
Sractsb.uotiak 


MONCHEN 


FINIS, 


A DICTIONARIE 


THE INDIAN LANGUAGE. 


A 


DICTIONARIE 


OF THE 


INDIAN LANGUAGE, 


FOR THE BETTER ENABLING OF SUCH WHO 
SHALBE THITHER YMPLOYED. 


A. 
Ahone, God 
Apome, the thighe 
Apooke, tobacco 
Apokan, a tobacco pipe 
Ananson, @ matt 
Assentamens, pears 
Anath, farewell 
Assimnims, walnutts 
Assimoest, a foa 
Amahoth, a targett 
Ampkone, a frying pan 
Akontant, a playster 
Ammomi, to sowe 
Aayxkehake, a spade 
Atapahan, a kiae’ 
Asapan, a hasty pudding 
Apquammon, a show 
Amosens, a daughter 
Aramiath south, 
Neire, 
Auppes, a bow string 
Anaskomens, acornes 
Asasqueth, the clay they make 


pipes of 
Amonsoquath, a beare 


Attomois, a dog 
Arrokoth, the skie 


I am sick 


Apones, bread 

Arathkone, a beast like a fox. 

Aposon, a beast in bignes like a 
pig and in tast alike 

Aquintayne manggoy, a great ship 

Aquintayne taux, a little boate or 
canoa 

Assahampehooke, a lobster 

Above, oskeitch 

» vsquyh 
, vspeuwh 

Abroad, vscound 

Acorn, anaskimmins 

Adder, keihtascooce, 
wah 

Afternoone, aunshecapa 

Ague, chowhwasuw 

A king of the head, nindgapamut- 
la mecreentecoh 

A king of the teeth, vneghiawm- 
dupmeputs 

All, cheisk 

An aule pin or needle, pocohaac 

All is out, tashoac, metatuwh 
neckatam 

Alive, kekewh 

Angry, perervimuw 

Angle, aamowk 


sassacomu- 


1 §o in original MS. 


1~“* . 


— - ; y: 7; 


184 DICTIONARIE OF THE 


Apple, maracah 

Apron or any kind of dressed lea- 
ther, mataheigh catommoik 

Arrow, asqweowan 

Arme, mese 

Armes, meascoh 

Arse, kensekit 

Ashes, pungwe 

Aunts, ariqwossac 

Awake, aumaumer 

Aire, rarascat 


B. 
Boketawh, fier 
Bagwanchy basson, a girdle 
Bmseran apook, fill the pipe with 
tobacco 
A bag, porasap 
vttamancoch 
To bark, cuttoundg 
A barrell, ohtamocan 
A batchellor, matawiowijh 
A ball, aitowh 
Bald, paatchkiscaw 
A beare, momonsacqweo 
A bell, maucaqwins 
Beanes, peccatoas 
A beard, weihsatonowans 
A bed, cawwaivwh, petaocawin 
To beat out with a cudgell, auntem- 
dun, nooueshetun 
To beat corne into meale, vshve- 
cohomen 
To beat any iron to an edge, vtsse- 
tecuttawsew 
To bend, accongaivwh 
Not to bend, sansagivawwh 
Before, vicharund 
Behind, taangoqwayk 
Below, nousomon 
Beneath, vishemaijn 
A beggar, cuttassamais 
Better, wingutscaho 
A bird, tshehip, tshetcheindg 
A small bird or chicken, cawah- 
cheims 


A bird with carnation-coloured 
wings, ahshowcutteis 

A bird like a lapwing, collour grey, 
which useth the water, mona- 

~ hamshaw 

A bird called a Divedapper, osasi- 
anticus 

The bill or beak, mehkewh 

To bite, amin, nussacun 

A bitch, vsqwausum 

Black, mahcatawaiuwh 

Blew, osaih 

To blow any thing, nepotatamen 

Blew beades, vnetagwushomon 

Blew berries of the bignes of 
grapes, very pleasant, accoon- 


ews 

Blunt, wijhwaivwh 

To make any thing blunt, neih- 
punsannvwh 

Block, taccahooc 

Bluid, nehpaangunni 

A bow, auhtab 

A bowstring, aupeis 

A boat, acomtan 

A bottle, poheewh 

A bourd, cutsotahwooc 

To boyle up, potopotawh tawh 

A bone, woskan 

A boy, vscapess 

A box in which they play at a 
certain kynd of game, assow- 
pook 

The bob of the gynny wheat with- 

~ out corne, okisher, okinsher 

Bread, appoans 

Bread made of a woat called tac- 
caho appoans 

A braser, qwunnumse 

A bridge, metucs 

To broyle or toast bread, apetawh 


poan 

To breake with one’s fingers any 
thing, vdesinamun 

To break with stryking on any 
thing, paskeaw, vdeistahamu 

To break all in pieces, ketarowk- 
sumah 


INDIAN LANGUAGE. 185 


To be broken or crackt, perew 

Bright or plaine all over, mus- 
caussum 

To bring into the boat, paakset- 
ower 

To bring agayne, patow 

Brasse, osawas 

To bruise any thing small, vnet- 
awennt 

A brother, nemat 

A brush, vnepawahuma 

A bramble or brier, cawmdgue 

A broome, tshekehicawwuns 

A butterfly, manaang-gwas 

To burne as if a shake light on 
any thing, cutchow matowran 

A bunch of grapes, metucsmara- 
kimmins. 


C. 

Camange, a tobacco bag 

Chapant, a shew 

Curcye neire, I am a cold 

Commotins, a turtle 

Cheawanta, a robin read-breast 

Cursine, sister 

Chippsin, land or earth 

Chichiquamins, a kind of graine 
to eat 

Camatinge, six in number 

Chakasowe, a crack in any thing 

Cucheneppo, a woman 

Crenepo, a woman 

Cheskchamay, all freinds 

Ceader, maraak 

Calme, cohquaivwh 

To call one, otassapnar 

A canoa or small boat, aquointan 

A can or any such like thing to 
drinck in, oktamocan 

A candle or gummy stick which 
will keepe light, osanintak 

A cap or hat, puttaiqwapisson 

To carry a thing up and downe, 
nawwiowashim 

To carry a thing betweene twoo, 
necussagwns 


To carry upon one’s showlder, 
ahcohkinnemun 

To catch in the mouth as hes 
doe, onascandamen, opassonta- 
men 

A cat, or wild beast much bigger, 
and spotted black under the 
belly as a luzarne, vtchoong- 
gwat 

Caviare, or the roe of sturgeon, 
woock 

To chaw, tawhtagwountamen 

Cheyne, rarenaw 

A chayne of copper with long 
lincks, tapaantaminais 

Chesnutts, opommins 

Cheese, or any curded matter 
made of milke, ootun 

A chamber, vishecommue 

A child, nechaun 

A chest, pacus 

A chicken, cawahcheims 

To chop wood, catchcahmun mushe 

A circle, mussetaqwaioh 

A civet cat, attowrin 

Clay. pussagwuit 

To clap one’s hands, passahicaan 

The claw of a crab, ohtindge 

To clense a pipe, jacuttehwoon 

To clense the grownd and make 
yt fitt for seed, monascunnemit 

To climb a tree, ahcoushe 

The clowds, mammaum, arrah- 
quotuwh 

Totakehold of any thing, mammun 

Copper, matassun 

A comb, reihcoan 

Cold, nonssamats 

A cord or small lyne, or a threed, 
pemanataon 

A coat of plat®, aqwahussun 

A coat, jerkin, doublet, or ells 
what, mantchoor 

To come (being spoken familiarly 
or hard by), caumorowath, cau- 
meir, caumear-ah 

To come (being spoken a far off to 
one), pijah, pijarowah, pijarah 

BB 


186 


To come in, peintiker 

To come agayne, or we will come 
againe, olacpijann, naantuc-ah, 
pijautch 

To come quickly, vskepijah, vske- 
pewh 

To come up, vtacqwowsun 

To come downe, neighsawhor 

To coffe, nussuccum 

The cock crowes, moninaw, cutse- 
cammo 

A covering or mantle made of 
feathers, cawassow 

A cockle, osakescai 

To cover one, ahgwur 

A cob-web, muttassapec 

A cookold, wmpenton 

A copper kettle, aucutgaqwassan 

A crab, tuttascue 

A crane, vssac 

A crack or crackt, paskasew, ta- 
tumsew 

A creeke, methsutterask 

A crowe, ohawas 

Crooked, ohorinne 

To cry, neighseum 

To cut the haire of a man’s head, 
moundg, nummundgi, cum- 
mund gi 

To cut any thinge vnekishemu 

Curled haire, vichepetaiuwh, awre- 
whmerersk 

Awoman’s secrett, mutusk, mocosijt 


D. 
Dawbasonquire, warme yourself 
A day, cuttepacus, raieawk 
Darke, pahcunnaioh 
I dare not, necqurissaw, nequtahke 
A deare, vttapaantam 
Dead, or to be dead, tsepaih 
Deipe to the middle, tsaqwomot 
Deepe over the head, nuttahcaam 
Deafe, cuppotaw 
To devide a thing in half, rickewh 
The devill, riapoke 
A dish, outacan 


DICTIONARIE OF THE 


To dive, poohkewh 

To doe, noungat 

A dog, attemous 

Doe so, vtsseneind 

To drincke to one, vyaucopen, or 
kucopen 

I would drinck, vyaucopessum 

To dry by fier or otherwise, tse- 
tewh, gaukenates 

To be dry or thirsty, paougwns- 
senttawh 

To dresse or pitch a boat, asca- 
hamu 

A dram, ahqwohhooc 

A duck, piscoend 

Dust, nepensun 

Durt, keshackaivwh 

To dwell, nahapue 

A red dye, pohcoons, mataqui- 
wun . 


E. 

The eare of a man, meihtawk 

The eaves of a hare or any other 
beast, wethtaooes, mechijn 

Toeate, mecher 

I will eate, nwmmechijn 

Tle eate by and by, mechocusk 

Kate with me, methtussuc 

The earth, aspami, ottawm 

The east, vichepwoissuma 

An eagle, opotenaiok 

An eare of wheat, autowtaoh 

An eare of new wheat, maucata- 
watsomeon 

Ebbing water, seiscatuwh 

An eele, ascamauk 

An egg, wouwh 

An elboe, meisquan 

Elder, nussaandg 

The elements, poomp arrathqwa- 
tuwh 

Enemy or naught, macherew, 
marapo 

Enough, warnat, neimbat 

Entombing, patamasuw 

The eye, muskiendguk 

The eyes, muskiendues 


Ez 


INDIAN LANGUAGE. 187 


F. 

Farewell, or the word at parting, 
anah 

The face, vscaentur 

The fall of the leaf or the autome, 
punsaos 

To fall, ammawskin, adamoin, 
adamosi 

To be like to fall, cawesewh 

To fall downe from a tree, raqwas- 
sewhmushe 

To let anything fall, vtmoiahken 

The falls at the upper end of the 
king’s river, paqwachowng 

To be faint, nettencrianges, num- 
mamuntam 

A father, nows 

A faune, nonattewh 

Fatt, wiraohawh 

A fart, poket 

A long feather, meqwanoc 

Feathers, ahpewk 

The feathers of an arrow, assa- 
ovnsawh 

Feet of a hawk, oremgeis 

Feet by a generall name, messetts 

To feed with a spoon, accopaata- 
mun 

To fetch some fier, meshpataan 
bocotaoh 

Fish, nammais 

A fishhooke, auketuttawh 

The fore finger, nummeisutteing- 
wah 

The long finger, nuttawwuttemdg 

The ring finger, nowqweitut 

The little finger, nummeisutteidg 

Filther, moieh, moiowat 

The fins of a fish, wijhcats 

To fight at fisty cuffs, nwmmecaa- 
uttenax 

A fine or small thread, vseook 

The flame, catzahanzamusheis 

Flowing water, tammuscamauwh 

The flower of the apple maraccih, 
tsemahcaug 

To fly, awassew, bauqweuwh 

A fly, mowchesoh 


Flax, tshehaoah 

A flea, nuttaqwon 

To flea any thing, poshenaan 

A flying squirrell, aiossapanijk 

A fly, mowcheson 

A fowle like a teale, with a sharp 
bill like a black bird, cewmeats 

A waterfowle in bignes of a duck, 
finely coulored with a copit 
crowne, meihteams 

A foole, wintuc, wintuccum 

Froth, peihtaoh 

Frost, tacqwacat 

A freind, or the principall word 
of kindnes, netab 

My foot is well, wingan outssem- 
etsumnete 

The fur of the beast arrathcune, 
wehsacanoc 

I am full, negeisp 

To be full, geispun 

Fier, bocuttaw 

A cole of fier, mahcatois 

A spark of fier, accecow, pah- 
quarra 

To make a fier, socaquincheni- 
mum, neusakaqwan 

The fier is out, otawiaac bocataw 


G. 

A garden, or plot of ground to 
sow corne, vronocah 

A garter, kispurracautapus 

A gate, cuppenauk 

A garfish, tatamaho 

Give yt me, or let me see yt, tan- 
goa 

To give, paatch-ah, pasemeh 

Give me some tobacco, paseme 
vppooke 

Give me some water, mammahe 
sucqwahum 

Give me some meat, meishnah- 
mecher 

Give me some butter or fat to 
spread on my bread, paatch 
nah rungan, vdamushcan 


188 DICTIONARIE OF THE 


Give this to the child, meishmi- 
coan, chessoyowk 

Give yt him, cummeish yoowah 

A girle, vsqwaseins 

Girles, vsqwasenis oc 

The gills of a sturgeon or any 
other fish, woskeqwus 

Glew or gum that fasteneth on 
their arrow heads, vppeinsaman 

A glove, oteingas, oteincas 

Glorious, smooth, or beautiful, mus- 
caivwh, wingaivwh 

A gnatt, poenguwh 

Good, wmgan 

It is good meat, necoondamen 

To goe, ireh, paspeen 

To goe abroad, ireh vscoend 

To go along, caweawmear, asca- 
maner 

To go downe, ireh cuppeintanaan 

To go in, vscomtain 

To go softly, vdasemeodaan 

To go home, nummacha 

To go before, nepopawinin 

To go after, apahhammundg 

Now lett go togither, cawmenaan, 
cowichawwotun 

The shipps go home, vppoushun, 
mushower 

Gone, maentchatemayoac 

Not gon up, kekenohaivwh, vspewh 

God, rawottonemd 

A goose, kahangoc 

A goosling, marahungoc 

Good morrow, or the word of salu- 
tation, kencuttemaum 

The grownd, petawin 

To grow hie, otsetuns, cutterewh 

The grissle of a sturgeon, vsocan 

Grasse, mehteqweins 

Grapes, marrakimmins 

A grape’s stone or the stone of 
any plum, macauqs, caunomel 

A grashopper, tatacaunshewah 

A grave, ourcar 

A grownd nut, ouhpunnawk 

A great deale, moowchick 


A great way, amaiuwh, netacoon 

Gymy wheat, pohcuwtoah 

A gun or piece, pacussac-an 

The gum that yssueth out of a 
certaine tree called the Vir- 
ginian maple, pickewh 

The gutts of anything, otakeishe- 
heis 

A gull, coiahquus 

A gust or horrocado, tohtwmmo- 
cunnum 


TS 

Hauquequins, a little stone pot 

Hamkone, a ladle 

Husque, by and by, or quickly 

Hawtoppe, a bow 

Husquequenatora, now I under- 
stand you 

Huskpemmo, poketaws, to sow 
wheat 

Howghweyh takon neire, I am 
hungry 

Hawtorinkanaske, a black fox 
skyn or an overgrowne sables 

A hare, wijhcutteis 

The haire of the head, mererse 

The haire of a deare, vsheqwon- 
naih 

Hard by, yowhse 

Hard, esepannuwh 

A hand, meihtinge 

To hang one, wawapunnah 

A hatchet, taccahacan, tamahaac 

An Indian hatchet, cunsenagwus 

To have, nohaivwh 

I have bene, nearnowwan 

A hazell nut, paaugahtamuns 

The head of a man, mendabuccah 

The head of an arrow that is 
rownd, assamuwh 

The head of an arrow, raputtak 

The head ake, kawmdvppaan 

Heaven, mounshaqwatuwh 

To heare, nowwuntamen 

Not to heare, mata-nowwontamen 

He, yoowah 


INDIAN LANGUAGE. 189 


Hemp, weihkippeis 

Hell, popogwussur 

He hath not or none, tahmocas- 
sewh 

The height of any thing at a good 
growth, mangeker 

Of a little height, tangasuw 

Hearing, aumpsuwk 

To hide or cover from the rayne, 
cushe 

A hill or small mount, romuttun 

A hill or mountaine, pomotawh 

Hidden under a cloud, or over- 
cast, rethcahahcoik 

A howse, yohacan 

A great howse, machacammac 

A husband, wiowah 

A hole, woor 

To make a hole, mbococotamen 

A great hole, maangairagwatowh 

The hornes of a deare, wawirak 

Hold yt aside, hatacqwoear 

Hot weather, vneshawocanassup 

How many, keis 

Hungry, noiatewk, vnapootain. 

The husk of their wheat, pocutu- 
tauha 

A hurt or cut, wapewh 

To hurt, or a thing hurts me, ahkij, 
vwwaap 

It hurts my leg, or my legs ake, 
vnegapamutta mennetatakij 

It hurts me not, or yt is whole or 
well, mamoindgakij, potterakat 


i 

Ire assuminge, go and run quickly 

Ioughqueme wath, let us go or 
come awaie 

Takesan apooke, light tobacco 

I myself, near 

I or yea, nim 

The jaggs of the salvadges habit, 
rassawans 

Ice, oreih 

An island, memnunnahqus 


The itch, vnechikutchikussa 


Certayne phrases put under 


this letter, because they begin 
with I. 

I am lither or lazier, mushaw- 
wacat 

I am your friend, or at your co- 
maund, netab, netapewh 

I care not for it, nwmmaskatamen 

I will not give it, malacommeir 

I must keepe yt, or I love yt, nu- 
wamatamen 

I thanck you, kenah 

Ihavenone,mahmaindg-nohaivwh 

I will go home, nwmmacha 

I must put tobacco in yt, ypococa- 
heth 

It stincketh, ahtur 

I cannot tell, caivwh 

I have noe tobacco, matavppoan- 
nonuwh 

I will not, matush 

I have no shooes, matamawcasun- 
neh 

I have no hose, matacawqweo- 
wanneth 

I understand you not, matagve- 
natoxoth 

I love you, nouwmais 

You love, commomais 

I give yt you gratis, thaigwenvm- 
meraan 

I have bene asleepe, mummascus- 
henepo 


K. 
Kenah, I thanck you 
Kayquiose, a boat 
Kuttchawe, I burne 
Kameyhan, rayne 
Kowse, father 
Kicke, mother 
Kemotte, brother 
Kouppathe, yea truly 
Kenorockonoren quire, come look 
at my head 
Kanyough, I know not 
Kawwin, sleepe 
Kawkopen quier, I drinck to you 
Kicketen quier, speak, or tell me 


<7... a 


oo 


190 DICTIONARIE OF THE 


Kikithamots, the wynd 

Kykeytawe, nine in number 

Koske, ten in number 

Kantokan, to daunce 

Kantikantie, sing and daunce 

Kequasson, a pot to drinck in 

Kahunge, a goose 

A king or great lord, wiroance 

The king’s name of Roanoak, 

' Nanamachauwh 

To kick or spurn, keiskecamon 

A kixe, natapahan 

To kisse, tsepaantamen 

A kettle, aucogwins 

A knife, damisac 

To knot up haire tye upon their 
heads, vdansqwapissun 


Land, cheipsin 

A ladle, tshepoijn 

Lame, nepawironowh 

A lampray, rahtaws 

To laugh, kesshekissun 

To lay downe a thing, nawhpo- 
mind 

Leather that covereth their hips 
and secretts, paqwantawun 

Leather, uttocais 

Leather stripes or stringes, rah- 

. sawans 

Leaves, maangqwipacus 

Dead leaves, moincaminge 

To leap as men leap in dauncing, 
or otherwise, netuspus 

To leap, huspissaan 

To leane against a thing, atcheis- 
quansun 

The leane of any flesh, oiawh, 
wiaaws 

Lead, windscup 

To light any thing, iahcasomaw 

Itis not lighted, matackesa 

Light, keshawtewh 

A lyon, vttacawat 

To lift up any thing, vdespunne- 
mun 

Lightning, kecuttannowas 


A little peece, paangun 

Give me a little piece, kapessema- 
paangun 

A little, taux 

A lizard or elfe, vtacaskis 

You have no lice, matavtapawpeak 

The lippes, nusshath 

To looke ones head, cuttahcum 
mets 

Lost, nowwanus 

A lobster, ahshaham 

Long, cunnaivwh 

Low, machess 

A lowse, metacum 

Alone, apopaqwatecus 

To lye downe to sleepe, machene- 
cawwun 

To lye with a woman, saccasac 

To tell a lye, vtchepitchewain 

To lye togither, cowijhpaantamu 


M. 
Metmge, a hand 
Miske, heare 
Mintabukhan, the head 
Muskan, the forehead 
Muskins, the eyes 
Meskew, the nose 
Mettone, the mouth 
Mepit, the teeth 
Maxatsno, the tongue 
Muckatahone, the arme 
Meskott, the leg 
Messeate, the foot 
Mekouse, the nayles of the fingers 

and toes 

Metawke, the eares 
Mowhkohan, a fish hooke 
Maskowhinge, a parrot 
Monowhauk, @ sword 
Maquiquins, small bells 
Makateweygh, pearle 
Mattanahayyough, I have yt not 
Machequeo, a show 
Mangoite, great 
Muskefkimmins, strawberries 
Matchkore, a stag’s skyn — 
Minchin quire, minchin, eat you 


4 
7 


ae 


INDIAN LANGUAGE. 191 


Mattaquenatorath, I understand 
you not 

Matassumitohook, a small bird of 
divers cullors 

Mahawke, a gourd 

Meroathachessum, a young boy 

Mayanse, I have yt not 

Momuscken, a mole in the grownd 

Monynawgh, a turkey 

Moroke, ceader 

Makique, snot 

Musken, to run 

Mayis, going in a path 

Matakuske, the leafe of a prickle 
peare 

Mattath, noe 

Manote, a basket 

Moussomko, a squirrel 

Mussane, a beast so called 

Messetonaance, a beard 

A man, nimatewh 

A mat made of reeds, anansecoon 

A martern, mouhwacus 

A married man, nowiowijh wiowah 

Maneaters, mussaangegwah 

The marrow of a bone, weimb 

A marryner or seaman, cheiksew 

A match, nmtawooe 

To make bread, apoanocanosutch 

To make a spoone, ampconomindg 

To make a dish, ackohican 

To make a frame or boate, cow- 
cacunnemun, ahtowvun 

To make a grave, cuttahamun- 
ourcar 

To make a mat, chessunnaansun 

Tomakea basket, mannottaihcaun 

Meale and flower, rouhcat, rowk- 
sewh 

Meale made of gynny wheat called 
usketehami 

To melt, pussepuffactawas 

To be melancholy or sad, maski- 
haan 

Milke made of walnutts, pocohi- 
quara 

Milke, mutsun 

To misse the hole, nembobatsoho 


A morter, taccahooc, vttawh. 

The morning or sun rise, papa- 
sowh 

The morning is faire, paspasaat, 
vscantewh 

A moath, mohwhaiok 

To morrow, raiab, vimawh 

A mother, nek 

A mouse, apegwus 

A mulbery, muskmuims 

A mushell shell, tshecomah 

A muskcat, osasquus 


N. 
Numerothequier, your companion 
Neir, myself 
Nissakan, a reed 
Nisake, a cane 
Nepausche, the sun 
Nepunche neir, I am dead 
Nehapper, sit downe 
Nuppawé, sleepe 
Nechaa, a child 
Netap, my deare friend 
Noewanathsoun, I have forgotten 
Nekut, 1 in nomber 
Ninge, 2 in nomber 
Nousough, 3 in nomber 
Nuscawes, 8 in nomber 
Ningepoke, 20 in nomber 
Nocmchamino boketaw, mend up 

the fier 
Nehapper kupper, sit further 
Namaske, nameche, jish of any 
kind 
Nethkeon, the nose 
Neputte, the teeth 
Noraughtoan, put on your hat 
Nahayhough, J have yt 
Naked, nepowwer 
A napkin or anylynnen, matassaih 
The neck of any thing, nusqwoik 
A nett, aussab, nacowns 
Next, viakijk 
A nettle, mauhsaan 
The nest of a bird, wahchesao 
Neere by or next hand, patewh 
New moone, suckimma 


a) 


192. : DICTIONARIP -OF THE 


Night, tapacoh, reihcawh 

No or nay, matah, tah 

None, rawwaiend 

The noise of a peece, or fall of a 
tree, penim 

No more, tawhs 

I will drink no more, nutsseqwa- 
cup . 

The north, vicheits 

A nut like a small acron, good 
meat, chechmqwanims 


Oz. 

Oyykerough, a bren, a fowle like 

a goose... 

Oteyquenimin, to teure or. rent 
any thing 

Ockquetath, a tounell of a gos- 
hauke 35 

Oughtamangoyth, a peinees bag 

Owanough, who hath this - 

Onxe, a fox 

Ockquins, a watchet coulored bird 

Opomens, chesnutts 

Ough, yt is well 

Oughrath, far off 

Owaugh, an egge 

An oare, tshemacans 

An oake tree, poawamindg 

Oysters, cauwaih 

An old man, rawerunnuwh 

An old woman, vtwmpseis 

To open the dore, tenuecatower, 
rassicokear 

To open ones eyes, vdapungwaren 

An otter, or rather a bever, poh- 
kevwh 

An otter, cuttack 

Only one, naantucah-necut 

Out, or yt is pluckt out, aumpos- 
saish 

Out, away, or get you gone, keij 

To overset, or a boat to turne 
‘keele up, cotappesseaw 

An owle, qwangatarask 


Pp 
Poketawes, wheat 


Peketawes, beanes 

Peache, fetch or bring 

Penninaugh, a xope 

Peymmata, threed 

Pasquehamon, to eate 

Powtowhone boketan, blow the fier 
with your mouth . 

Punguy, ashes 

Pettackqueth, thunder 

Pokoranse, a@ minerall stone 

Pokin, pokeyough, to dive under 
water 

Pamyauk, a goard 

Pokosack, a gun 

Pichamnis, an eacellent plom 

Paskamath, mulberries 

Poughkone, the red paint or dye 

Peyeugh, returning 


‘Pickutts, the gum we hold balsome 
‘Potawaugh, a porpus 


Porance, 5 in nomber 

Paspene, to walke about 

Pisquaon, a duck ~~ 

Paskorath, the gold sparkes i in the 
sand 

Penonge, jeron stone 

Pocohack, a bodkin. or ale 

Pattihquapisson, a4 hat 

Pokontats, a girdle 

A parret, massacamwmdg 

Perle, matacawiak 

Perle mushell shells, vsasqwork 

Peaze, ossantamens, otassanta- 
mens 

A peece of a pot or a pot sheard, 
rummasvwendg 

A peece of bread, rowcar appons 

A pestle, pocohaace 

The pipe is stopt, opoteyough 

A pin, pocohaac 

To pinch, nepkehanaan 

A pidgion, towacqwoins 

A wood pidgeon, qgwanonats 

To pisse, shekijn 

A pike, wijhtoram 

Porredg or broth, noumpqwaam 

A post, meihtoram 

Porredg or broth, noumpqwaam 


A polecat, cuttenamvwhwa 
“A pot, ancagwins 
To powre out water, qwatshacum- 
heaan 
To powre in water, vsoweunnemit 
The poxe, nummagwais 
To pluck up, nwmmonnemenndus 
A playster, nuttacoondah 
| . A plomb stone, maquascawnomell 
A plomb very delitious when yt 
| is ripe, pushenims 
I A playse, weiskis 
: To play at any game, mamanti 
terracan 
The privities or secret of a man, 
‘pocohaac ; 
Prayer,ymaunomommaon 
To come to praier, pijahtamaon- 
A pumpeon, mahcawg 
A purse, vitamainquoth 
To pull, nwmmauvmon 
To pull yt out, necantowh 
To put yt in, peinder 
| To put onanything, puttohiqwosur 
To put off any thing, pussaqwun- 
nenidg : 
Purple, ourcrewh 
To put out a candle, vtahtahamu 
To pull one downe, cuttaqwocum 


Q. 
Que quoy, what is this 
Que quoy ternis quire, what is 
your name 


R. 
Rapanta, venison 
Runga, all kind of suet 
Rocoyhook, an otter 
Rickahone, a comb 
Rokohamin, parched corne grownd 

small 

Reconack, a tobacco bag 
Rassoum, the wynd 
Riapoke, to morrow 
Riokosick, the devill 
Rekasque, a knife 
Raw, ascunmewh 


INDIAN LANGUAGE. 


193 


Rayne, camzowan 
A raynbow, qwannacut 


‘A rattle, such as they use in their 


ceremonies, made of a goard, 
chmgawwonawk 

A ratt, aotawk 

A reed, nehsaakah 

Rent or torn, tuttascwh 

A river, yocaanta 

Ripe, wingatewh 

Not ripe, vscannewh 

To rise up, passagwear 

The rynd of a tree like hemp, 

. chesawk 

A ring, nekereinskeps 

A rose, pussaqwembun : 

To rowle or tose, as a ship, vtwco- | 
tucosa x ‘ | 

To row, tchijmaoc 

To rost, apowssaw 

The root of tobacco, vppoo-chappoe 

A root, vichappoc 

A rope or cord, pemuntnaw 

To run, rasannear 

Rushes, cakekesqus 

To cut rushes, maniase cake 

To rub a thing, vssequahamun 


8. 
Suckquohana, water 
Sawwone, salt 
Sakahooke, the cleere stones we 
gather 
Sakahocan, to write 
Secon, to spitt 
Sekehekonaugh, to write 
Sand, racawh 
To sacrifice, vtakaer 
To say or be said, kekuttun 
A saile, tsemaosay 
To see, vunamun. 
Let me see it, nwmpenamun 
A seat in a boat or a bench, tussan 
Seedes, amenacacac 
Sea weeds, ascaxasquus 
Sedge, eskowwascus 
The sea, yapam 
Scum, peihtaoh 
cc 


194 DICTIONARIE OF THE 


The scales of a fish, wohaikank 

To scratch ones head, vyvnnecus- 
sopisson 

To scratch, vnecussopisson 

A skabb, vmequwussum 

Sharp, keneiwuh 

Sheares, mundgtacan 

Shells, ohshaangumiemuns 

A ship, mussowuxuc 

Yt shyneth, assentewcaiah 

Shoos, mawhcasuns 

To shoot, nepomotamen 

Short, tackqwaisuw 

Shut the dore, kessohikear 

To skrub ones head, necutchuc- 
skuw 

To sing or dance, cante-cante 

To sit downe, nawpin 

To sit nearer, otassotagwopur 

To be sick, arownmossouth 

The single of a deare, wushaqwun 

A sister, nuckaandgum 

The skyn or fur of a hare, weisa- 
cannac 

A sheldrake, rowhqwawh 

To sleepe, nepaun 

A sloworme, apouscase 

Smoake, kekepemgwah 

To smell, nwmmeramin 

To snort, neqwaxulloundwun 

To suit ones nose, vtanneqwun 

Snow, coan 

Yt snoweth, rookewh coan 

A snake, vide adder 

A snaile, pomahaum 

To sow or sett wheat, nuttaspin 

To sow with a needle, husquamun 

A sore, methkeih 

To soake bread, nepokeunnami 

The soule or vitall breath of man, 
netshetsunh 

A sparrowhawke, fatacaumexan 

To speake softly, kemaantui 

A squirrell, missanek 

To looke asquint, perrmgqwak 

A sturgeon, cuppatoan 

A string, vide leather 

A stone, shacahocan 


A little stone, mananst 

To steale, commotoouh 

A stake, weputtahoc 

A stalke, mehtacooc 

To strike, nepassingwahoon 

To strike with a sword, vepaca- 
man 

Stockings, cawqweawans 

A starre, attaanqwassuwk 

A straunger, vitassantassowath 

To stand, vannatassun 

Streight, majawh 

To stirr ones self, vwmmewsun 

To stop or put in a stopple, mut- 
taqwohoons 

Strong, towawh 

To step or go up, accowson 

The stinging of a snake, vtag- 
woong 

To strike fier, bocata oc kok 

To stinck, awutus 

The sun, keshowse 

Sun rise, vide morning 

Sun sett, quunsewh 

To sup, or to have bene at supper, 
meatsun 

Summer, cowwotaioh 

To suck, anowwoninr 

A sword, monohacan 

To sweat, vebowchass 

To swym, tooskean 

To swell, cunnaqueis 

A swan, wopussouc 

To swallow, quantamun 

To sweepe, tsekehica 

To swym as a peece of wood or 
feather on the water, puppo- 
qwahauns 


me: 
Tanggo, let me see yt 
Towaughe, a crome 
Tanx, small or little 
Tamokin, to swimme 
Tauosin, a stoole 
Tangeqwath, a furre like a sable’s 
Tamohake, a hatchett 
Take yt, untowh 


a A pi ei 


INDIAN LANGUAGE. 195 


To take up with a spoone, awut- 
sahamun 

To take off, rassunnemum 

To take one prisoner, necakes- 
suttun 

To take tobacco, vespessemaanpooc 

To take heed, amuwoir 

A targett, amunwhokk 

The taile of any thing, wushaqwun 

To tell one any thing, cutterah 

To throw a thing away, apacet 

Thunder, vmdgtuppauk 

A thigh, wnijqwans 

These, yowhs 

This, yowkk 

Thread, penimathatoan 

The thumb, vketequaiviteindg 

The throat, vegwantaak 

Three, nus 

Tobacco, vhpooce 

A tobacco pipe, vhpoocan 

A tobacco bag, vitamancoih 

The tobacco is good, wingutsee 
upooc 

The tobacco is naught, keshemaik 
pooc 

A towne, mussaran 

The trayne of a bird, ottanueis 

A tree, meihtucs 

A greene tree, aqwatanetk 

A walnut tree, assunnoineindge 

An oake tree, poawnneindg 

A turtle, accomodemsk 

A sea turtle, twweuppewk 

A turd, moich 

A turkey, monanaw 

A turkey cock, ospanno 

To turne or take up the coales, 
cuskessamun 

Twyned threed, pemucqweraneind 

To tye or make fast any thing, 
cuspurn 


V. 
Veroanee, a king or a great man 
Vndoth, take yt 
Vsquion, an arrow 
Vmpsemen apook, drinck, tobacco 


; Vmpsquoth, the moone 
Vangh, a word of wonder 
A vaine, abescur 
A village, kaasun 
Virginia, Tsenahcommacah 
Vunderneath, vishemandgij 
To unclose hands, penumun 


| I understand well, kennehautows 


I understand not, matakennown- 
torawh 
A vine; wapapammdge 


W. 

Weyans, the leane of any thing 

Wekowehees, a hare 

Wapin, a stab 

Wysotonoans, a beard 

Winpe, marrow 

Woussicket, a running brooke 

Woughtathe, to swym 

Wecacke, the yard of a racone 

Wousckan, a bone 

Winggapo, my beloved friend 

Wingan, good 

Winganouse, very good 

A waare to take fish, nethsacan 

A walnut, ahsmenuns, paukauns 

To wash the face, keseiqwaan 

To wash the hand, keseiceindcher 

To wash any thing, ketssetawun 

Water, secqwahan 

A wart, meihkeis 

To warme one, bahtanomun 

Yt is warme or hot weather, 
chingissum 

To waken, vnamun 

The waves of the sea, aqwaskaw- 
wans 

To walke, pawpawmear 

Weake, kesshemaue 

Weary, cuttoxeen 

Attasqwus, weedes 

To weepe, nummawh 

Yt is well or ynough, wamattuwh 

Welcome, or the word of greeting, 
wingapo, chamah, netab 

A well, ohcawooc 

The west, attagwassanna 


196 


Wett, neppe 
What is your name? cacuttere- 


windg kear ? 

What is his name ? cacutterewindg 
yowk ? 

What is my name? cacuttewindg 
near? 

When, tanoo chinck 

Where have you been, tanaowaam 

To whet, nussesequus 

Whelpes, apowhoh-homins 

Wheat, pocuttawes 

A wheat plomb, asseseim 

Wheat parcht in the fier, aparou- 
menans 

White, opaivwh 

To whistle, qweisqwesun 

' A whiting, vtteitsouk 

The small wynd, rowhsunnvwh 

A great wynd, mahqwath 

A wife, noungasse 

A wing, vttocannuc 

A widgeon, ponomawus 

Will you goe home, numma 

Winter, puppaannoh 

To wind about, pasqwuaaxaws 

A woman, cutssenepo 


DICTIONARIE OF THE INDIAN LANGUAGE. 


A woman's breast, otaus 

A woman with child, pomevwh 

A woman queene, wironausqua 

An old woman, tumpseis 

A little worme or magot, mowsah 

Wood, muskets 

A wound, nepocuttokeau 

The world, pamahsaivwh 

A woolf, naantam 

To wrastle, mamarenaretun 

To wrap or wind up any thing, 
nuwweisqwaput 


ee 
Yeahaukan, a howse 
Yeokanta, a river 
Yeough, 4 in nomber 
To yawne or gape, tawatuttener 
Yellow, oussawack 
Yesterday, osaioh 
Yea or yes, cuppeh 
Yonder or far off, yoaxvwh 
Yonger, wesaws 
You, kear 


Z. 
Zanckone, to sneese 


FINIS. 


INDEX. 


A. 


Accohanock, river of, 41 

Accomack, river of, 41 

Acquanachuks, people livingnear Pow- 
hatan’s territories, 41 

Acquintanacsuck, people upon the ri- 
ver Pawtuxant or Duke’s river, 39 

Acuzamill, Is. of Cozumel, 6 

Altars and offerings of the Indians, 93 

Alum mines, report of the Indians con- 
cerning, 33 

Amadas, Capt., with Captain Barlow, 
discovers oak, 8, 142 

Amadas Bay, 8 

Americus Vesputius, his discovery of 
America, 139 

Anian, Streights of, named Fretum 
trium fratrum, after the three breth- 
ren, 24 

Animals of Virginia, 122 

Antimony, mine of, found by Capt. 
Argoll, 39 

Appeal people living upon the 

ppamatuck river, 35 

Aquascogoke, a town discovered dur- 
ing the expedition under Sir R. 
Grenville, 145 

Argoll, Capt., his adventure on Pa- 
tawomeck river, 38 ; discovers mines 
of antimony and lead, 39 ; discovers 
Delaware Bay, 42; names Cape 
Lawar (now Cape Henlopen), 43 ; 
destroys two Indian towns in com- 
pany with Capt. Brewster, to re- 
venge the false dealing of Tackone- 
kintaco, 39; his conversation with 
Jopassus about his religion, 98 

Arms used by the Indians, 105 

Arrohatecks, people living upon the 
King’s river, 35 

Arsenick stone, used by the Indians 
to colour themselves, 63 

Arundell, Thos., Lord Wardour, sends 
out Capt. George Weymouth in 
1605, 159 


B. 


Barlow, Capt., with Capt. Amadas, 
discovers oak, 8, 142 

Bashaba, principal king of the pro- 
vinces about oak, 160 

Birds of Virginia, 125 

Biscayan pilot, his supposed communi- 
cation to Columbus, 5 

Boats made by the Indians, 68 

Brewster, Capt., with Capt. Argoll, 
destroys two towns in revenge for 
the false dealing of Tackonekintaco, 


59 

Burials of the Indians, 90 

Button, Capt., his expedition in search 
of the north-west passage, with Capts. 
Ingram and Nelson, 23 


Cc. 


Cabot, John, 6; his discoveries, 139 

Cabot, Sebastian, grand pilot of Eng- 
land under Edward VI, 141 

Candles of pine or fir tree used by the 
Indians, 112 

Cawcawwassoughes, priests and elders 
of the Chechahamias, 62 

Cawson, George, an Englishman taken 

risoner and killed by Powhatan, 52 

tibekeaoes, on the Patawomeck or 
Elizabeth river, 38 

Charles, Cape, 28, 42, 44 

Charles, Fort, built on Southampton 
river, 61 

Chawanooke, upon the river Nomo- 
pana, 143 

Chawonocks, le living near Pow- 
hatan’s territories, 41 

Chechahamias, the, a people upon the 
river Chickahamania, who serve 
Powhatan in his wars, 61 

Chechinquarnins, a kind of grain used 
as food by the Indians, 72 

Chesapeaks, people living upon the 
King’s river, 35 


198 INDEX. 


Chesapeak, brook of, 35 

Chesapeak Bay, depth of, 43 

Chickahamania, river of, 35 

Cinquoteck, division of the Pamunck 
river at, 35 

Cipo, river falling into the river Oc- 
cam, 143 

Cod, Cape, discovered by Capt. Gos- 
nold, 156 

Columbus, Bartholomew, treats with 
Henry VI about his brother’s offer, 5 

Columbus, Christopher, his offer to 
Henry VU, 5; his sup com- 
munication with the Biscayan pilot, 
5; his discoveries, 137 

Conjurations and invocations of the 

- Indians, 92 ‘ seats 
0) mines, 26; report of the 
oasis 2 33 


concerning, 
per brought into Virginia by the 
b iiah monopolized by Powhatan, 
103 
Copper mine near the river Maratock 
or Roanoke, 146 
Coral, white, used as an ornament by 
the Indian women, 143 
Corn, the Indian mode of ing it, 73 
Croatoan, cape of an island called, or 
the south cape of Virginia, 43 
Cuttatawomen, upon the Toppahanock 
or Queen’s river, 37 


D. 


Dances of the Indians, 80 

Davies, Capt. Robert, brings supplies 
to the colony at Saghadehoe, 178 

eT By discovered by Capt. 


Drake, Sir Francis, arrives at Roanoak, 
and endeavours to assist the colony, 
147 ; takes the planters with him to 
England, 148 

Duke’s river, or Pawtuxant, 39 


E. 


Education of the Indian children, 110 

Elizabeth river, or Patawomeck, 38 

Elizabeth Island, discovered by Capt. 
Gosnold, 156 

Employments ofthe Indian women, 111 


F. 


Festivals, religious, of the Indians, 91 

Fish of Virginia, 126 

Fishing, Indian modes of, 68, 75 

Frisius, Gemma, his record respecting 
the three brethren who passed the 
Streights of Anian, 24 


Fruits cultivated by the Indians, 72 ; 
of Virginia, 117 

Frobisher, Sir Martin, mentions a Por- 
tuguese who passed the Streights of 
Anian, 24 


G. 


Games of the Indians, 77 

Gates, Sir Thos., lieutenant-general of 
the “colony of Virginia, 60 

George, St., island of, discovered by 
Capt. George Weyman, so named 
when visited by Capts, Popham and 
Gilbert, 168 

Gilbert, Sir roar judg grant of Queen 
Elizabeth to, 

Gilbert, Capt. Aer sails with 
Capt. Gosnold to Virginia, 153 ; 
their discoveries, 156 ; sent out with 
the ja tog Saghadehock, with 

Capt. Pop by Sir John Popham, 
164 ; goes with Capt. Popham to 
the river Pemaquid, 169; they 
search fora fit place for their planta- 
tion on the river Saghadehock, 172 ; 
commence a settlement, 173; goes 
in search of the river of Penobscot, 
174 ; his adventure with the Indians 
at the river of Saghadehock, 176 ; 
oo to England with the colony, 

Girdles of silk grass made by the In- 
dians, 68 

Gosnold, Capt. Bartholomew, sails 
with Capt. Gilbert to Virginia, 153 ; 
his discovery of Cape Cod, 42, 155 ; 
discovers Martha’s Vineyard, Gos- 
nold’s Island, and Elizabeth Island, 
156; endeavours to form a settle- 
ment, 157; obliged to return to 
England, 158 

Gosnold’s Island, discovered by Capt. 
Gosnold, 156 

Gourgues, Dominique de, of Bourdeaux, 
his revenge upon the Spaniards for 
their cruelty at Nova Francia, 9 

Government of the Indians, 69 

Grace before meat used by the In- 
dians, 94 

Grenville, Sir Richard, general of the 
fleet, sent by Sir W. Raleigh to 
Roanoak, 1585, 8, 144; leaves fif- 
teen men at Roanoak, 149 

Grenville, Port, 8 


H. 
— Thos., his account of Virginia, 
Samet, harbour of, 142 


eS —eeee 


INDEX. 


Henlopen, Cape, formerly named Cape 
Lawar by Sink, Argoll, 43 

Henry VII accepts the offer of Colum- 
bus, 4 ; gives letters patent to John 
Cabot, 6 

Henry, Cape, 28 ; its bearings, neces- 
sity of fortifying, 44 

Henry, Fort, built on Southampton 
river, 61 

Houses of the Indians, 70 

Howard river, or Susquehannah, 39 

Hudson, his supposed discovery of the 
north-west passage, 23 

Hunting excursions of the Indians, 75 


E 


Images in the treasure house of Pow- 
hatan, 54 

Immortality of the soul, Indian belief 
respecting, 96 

Ingram, Capt., his expedition in search 
of the north-west passage with Capts. 
Button and Nelson, 23 

Isenacommacah, Indian name of Vir- 
ginia, 47 


J. 


James the First grants letters patent 
to the London and Plymouth com- 
panies, 161 

Jopassus, Indian king, his conversa- 
tion with Capt. Argoll concerning 
his religion, 98 


K. 


Kecoughtan, harbour at, 36 

Kecoughtans, people living upon the 
King’s river, 35 ; their conquest by 
Powhatan, and transportation to 
Payankatank, 36, 61 

Kemps, an Indian, who gave informa- 
tion respecting Powhatan, 53 

Kequotaugh, brother of Powhatan, 62 

ye ae river, or Powhatan, description 
of, 33 

Kiskiak, on the south side of the river 
Pamuncke, 36 

Kuscarawoak, river of, 41 


L. 


Lane, Ralfe, made governor of the 
colony at Roanoak, 8, 145 

Lawarr, Cape, so named by Capt. Ar- 
goll, 43 

Lead, mine of, found by Capt. Argoll, 
39 


199 
M. 


Mace, Samuel, sent by Sir Walter Ra- 
leigh to Virginia, 153 

Machumps, an Indian who gave infor- 
mation respecting Powhatan, 54 ; 
his sister one of Powhatan’s wives, 
54; repeats the Indian grace at Sir 
Thomas Dale’s table, 94 

Macock gourds, a fruit cultivated by 
the Indians, 72-119 

Madoc’s supposed voyage to the West 
Indies, 5 

Maize cultivated by the Indians, 116 

Mamanatowick, a title of Powhatan, 48 

Mangoangs, people living near Pow- 
hatan, 41 

Mannacans, people living near Pow- 
hatan, 41 

Mannahocks, people living near Pow- 
hatan, 41 

Mannahoacks, people upon the Top- 
pahanock, or Queen’s river, 37 

Manteo, an Indian brought to England 
by Capts. Amadas and Barlow, 144 ; 
christened at Roanoak, and entitled 
lord of Roanoak and Dasamonque- 
peuk, 151 

Mantles of feathers worn by the women, 
65 


Maratock, river of, now called Roa- 
noke, 146 

Maricock Apple, passion flower, bears 
fruit in Virginia, 60 ; cultivated by 
the Indian, 72 ; description of, 119 

Marriages of the Indians, 109 

Martha’s Vineyard, discovered by 
Capt. Gosnold, 156 

Massawomecks, enemies of the Sasque- 
sahanougs, 40 ; enemies of Powhatan, 
104 

Mattapament, people upon the River 
Pawtuxunt or Duke’s river, 36-39 

Medicine of the Indians, 108 

Melendes, Pedro, his cruelty to the 
French colony in Nova Francia, 9 

Meta Incognita, 6 

Mines of alum and copper, report of 
the Indians concerning, 33 

Mine of antimony found by Capt. Ar- 
goll, 39 

Mine of lead found by Capt. Argoll, 39 

Minerals of Virginia, 131 

Monuments of the Indian kings, 89 

Monacans, people living near Powha- 
tan’s territories, 41 

Moraughtacunds, people upon the Top- 
pahanock or Queen’s river, 37 

Mountains of Virginia, 25 

Mountgomery river, or Payankatank, 
36 ; 


_—se” oo” = 


200 INDEX. 


Moyoones, on the Patawomeck or Eli- 
zabeth river, 38 
Music of the Indians, 79 


N. 


Nacothtank, on the Patawomeck or 
Elizabeth river, 38 

Nahanada, chief of the Indians on the 
river Pamaquid, visited by Capt. 
Gilbert’s company, 169; receives 
Capt. Popham and Capt. Gilbert, 
170; with other Indians visits the 
fort, 178 

Names, custom among the Indians of 
giving a variety, 111 

Nandsamund, river of, 35 

Nandsamunds, people living upon the 
King’s river, 35 

Nandfaughtacund, upon the Rappaha- 
nock or Queen’s river, 37 

Nelson, Capt., his expedition in search 
of the North-west passage, with 
Capts. Button and Ingram, 23 

Nets for fishing made by the Indians, 75 

Newfoundland, discovered by John 


Cabot, 6 

Newport, Capt., takes Tackonekintaco 

— prisoners, 58 me 
omopana, river falling into the river 
Occam, 143 

North-west passage, supposed disco- 
very, 23 

Nuskarawaoks, people living near Pow- 
hatan’s territories, 41 


0. 


Oaths used by the Indians, 113 

Occam, river before Roanoak, 143 

Oholase, queen of Coiacohamanke, 
which Capt. Smith calls Quiyough- 
cohanock, 56 

Onawmanient, on the Patawomeck or 
Elizabeth river, 38 

Opechanckeno, brother of Powhatan, 62 

Opusoquionusque, a weroancqua or 
sec ofa village of Appamatuck, 56 

Orapaks, the place where Powhatan 

removed after he left Werowoco- 
moco, 49 

Ottamack, a title of Powhatan, 48 

Ozinies, people upon the ‘Tockwogh or 
Sydney river, 41 


P, 
Pamacocack, on the Patawomeck or 


Elizabeth river, 38 
Pameik, town on the river Occam, 143 


Pamunck river, or Prince’s river, 35 

Paquippe, a lake discovered during the 
expedition under Sir R. Grenville, 145 

P. unt, one of Powhatan’s sons, 56 

Paspaheghes, noe living upon the 
King’s river, 3: 

Patawomeck, or Bicsbeth river, 38 ; 
Indians, their religion, 98 

Pawtuxunt, people upon the river Paw- 
tuxunt, 39 

Payankatank or Mountgomery 
the peoplesurprised by Powkalats, 36 

Pearls sw mr Fowina, 
Lake o Virginia, 132 

Pemaquid, river of, ap TM Capt. 
Weymouth, 159; visited by Capt. 
Popham and Capt. Gilbert, 169 

Peno , Mountains near the river 
of, 167 

Percy, Capt. George, temporary presi- 
dent of the colony, 41 and 59 

Pipisco, formerly weroance of Coiacoha- 
page i but deposed by Powhatan, 
57; his chief wife, the state in 
which she lives, 57; hope of his 
conversion to Christianity, 97 

— one of Powhatan’s sons at 

htan, weroance at the time 

ae Thomas Gates took it, 60 

Pochone root, used by the Indians to 
paint themselves, 64 

Pochahuntas, daughter of Powhatan, 
54 and 65 

Pomeioke, a town discovered during 
the expedition under Sir R. Gren- 
ville, 146 

vein i donation of America to 

Pop Sir John, sends out a colony 
to Saghadehoc, 162; sends another 
under Capt. Popham and Capt. Gil- 
bert, 164 


Popham, Capt., sent out with the 


wader 169 ; rive seek a fit Rittel 

for their settlement on the river Sa- 
ghadehoc, 172; commence a settle- 
ment, 173 ; his death, 179 

Potapoco, on the Patawomeck or Eli- 
zal river, 38 

Powell, Ensign, with Ensign Walker, 
sent by Capt. George Percy to sur- 
prise and kill Wowinchopunck, 59 

eer: or King’s river, description 
of, 33 

Powhatans, a people of Virginia, 27 

Powhatan, his conquest of the le 
of Payankatank, 36 ; his conduct to 


o 


INDEX. 


the English, 37 ; sells his birthright 
to the English in 1609, 48; the 
bounds of his empire, 48 ; his chief 
seat at Werowocomoco, afterwards 
at Orapaks, 49; description of him, 
49 ; his fear of the English, 50 ; his 
cunning, 50; his » 51; his 
mode of punishing offenders, 52 ; his 
multiplicity of women, 53; the 
names of some of his women, 54 ; 
his children, 54; the manner in 
which he is waited on by the women 
at meals, 54 ; his house at Oropaks, 
where he keeps his treasures, 54 ; 
catalogue of the weroances under his 
government, 55; his conquest at 
Kekoughtan, 61; his daughter Po- 
chahuntas, 65 ; tribute paid to him, 
81; his principal temple, 90; pro- 
hecies concerning him, 101; his 

Sener enemies, 102; his eran 
of the copper brought by the Eng- 
lish, 103 ; entertains the English with 
the exhibition of an Indian stratagem 
in war, 107 

Prince’s river, or Pamunck river, 35 

Prophecies of the Indians, 101 

Pryn, Martin, his capture by the Spa- 
niards, 163 


Q. 


Queen’s river, or Toppahanock, 37 

Quintans, boats of the Virginians, the 
manner of making them, 75 - 

Quiyough, branch of the Patawomeck 
river, 38 

Quiyoughcohanocks, people living upon 
the King’s river, 35 

Quiyoughquisocks, or priests, 82 ; their 

and ornaments, 91 


R. 


Raleigh, Sir Walter, his grant from 
Queen Elizabeth, 8-141; sends out, 
in 1584, Capt. Amadas and Capt. 
Barlow, 8-142 ; in 1585, sends a fleet 
commanded by Sir R. Grenville, 
8-144; in 1587, sends a second 
colony to Roanoak, under the com- 
mand of — White, 148-9 ; sends 
supplies by Capt. Whitetothe colony, 
in 1590, 151 ; sends Samuel Mace to 
Virginia, in 1602, 153 

Religion of the Indians, 82 

Richmond, falls at, 34 

Rivers of Chesapeak Bay, 33 

Roanoak, discovered by Capt. Amadas 
and Capt. Barlow, for Sir W. Ra- 
leigh, 8-142 ; situated in South Vir- 


201 


ginia, 28; Sir R. Grenville arrives, 
145; Mr. Ralph Lane made gover- 
nour, 145; Sir F. Drake arrives, 
147 ; takes away the colony, 148 ; 
Sir R. Grenville leaves 15 men, 149 ; 
Capt. White arrives with the second 
colony, 150 ; leaves for England to 
obtain supplies, 151 ; on his return 
is unable to find the colony, 152 

Roots used by the Indians medicinally 
and for painting, 121 


8. 


Sacrifices of children, 84 and 94 

Saghadehock, river of, discovered by 
Capt. Weymouth, 159 ; Capts. Pop- 
ham and Gilbert commence a settle- 
ment there, 173 ; adygnture of Capt. 
Gilbert, 176 ; return of the colony 
to England, 180 

Satawomeck, on the Patawomeck or 
Elizabeth river, 38 

Sebénoa, lord of the river of Saghade- 
hock, 176 

Secotan, a town discovered during the 
expedition under Sir R. Grenville, 145 

Semiamis, Cape Elizabeth, 173 

Serpents and other reptiles of Virginia 

supposed to be harmless, 125 

Silk grass growing in Virginia, 61 

Skicoak, city described by Strachey as 
on the river Occam, but by De Bry 
as on the river Nandsamund, 143 

Skidwares, the Indian, goes with Capt. 
Gilbert’s people to Nahanada, 169 ; 


goes with Capt. Popham and 
Capt. Gilbert, and remains with the 
Indi 170; visits the fort with 


other Indians, 174; comes again 
with Nahanada, 178 
Smith, Capt., reference to his map, 41 
Socoto, town of Wingandacoa, 143 
Song of triumph, Indian, 79 
Goetunging, wilh hess practised b 
ng wil er" 
the Tndianb, 93 i 
Soto, Fernando de, instrumental in 
annexing Florida to Spain, 4 
Southampton, Henry, earl of, sends 
Capt. old and Capt. Gilbert in 
1602, 159; assists in sending Capt. 
Weymouth, 159 
ing of, his claim to America 
questioned, 3 
Spicer, Capt., drowned off Roanoak, 151 
jilman, , an English boy, reco- 
eee pret King of Pastanzo by 
Capt. Argoll, 39 ; interprets between 
Capt. Argoll and Jopassus, 98 
Storehouses of the Indians, 115 
DD 


202 INDEX, 


Stratagem in war exhibited by Powha- 
tan to the English, 107 

Sun, the, worship paid him by the 
Indians, 93 

Superstition about fire among the In- 
dian women, 112 

Surgery of the Indians, 108 

Susquehannah or Howard river, 39 

Susquesahanougs, people living near 
Powhatan’s territories, 41 ; descrip- 
tion of them, 39 ; their size, 62 

Sydney river, or Tockwogh, 40 


Ts 


Tackonekintaco, an old weroance of 
Warraskoyack, taken prisoner by 
Capt. Newport, with his son Tan- 
goit, 58 

Tatahcoope, son of Oholase, 56 

Tanghaiten, brother of Powhatan, 62 

Taxenent, on the Patawomeck or Eli- 
zabeth river, 38 

Temples of the Indians, 82 : 

Temple, principal, at Pamunky, 90 

Thread spun by the women of a kind 
of grass, called pemmenaw, 75 

Timber of Virginia, 128 

Tobacco, called by the savages ‘‘ A- 
pooke,” 121 

Tockohow, roots of, A as food by 
the Indians, 73, 121 

Tockwogh, or Sydney river, 40 

Tockwoghes, le living near Pow- 
hatan’s territories, 41 

Toppahanocks, upon the Toppahanock 
or Queen’s river, 37 

Towns of Virginia, 70 

Tribute paid to Powhatan, 81 

Tucker, Daniell, makes complaint in 
France against the Spaniards who 
had captured him, 163 


V5 


Virginia, d-daughter of governor 
White, fhe f first child of English pa- 
rents born in America, 151 

Virginia Britannia, its latitude, 23 ; 
its bounds, 23; its divisions, 24 ; 
the high land or Britannia, 25 ; 
mountains and rocks, 25 ; houses of 
stone, 26; productions of the coun- 
try, 26; enmity between the Mono- 
cans and Powhatans, 27 ; the low- 
land or Virginia, 27 ; its divisions, 
27; South Virginia, 28 ; its produe- 
tions, 28; North Virginia, 29 ; its 
climate, 29; productions, 30 ; soil, 
81; conjecture concerning the low 
lands, 32; coast of South Virginia, 


43 ; origin of the inhabitants, 44 ; 
description of the people, 63 ; their 
natural color, 63; artificial color- 
ing, 63; their hair and form, 64 ; 
their attire, 64 ; dress of the women, 
65; their ornaments and mode of 
painting their skins, 66 ; the mode 
of hair-eutting practised by the wo- 
men, 66; head dresses, 67; ear- 
rings, 67 ; foci ea of cold and 
——— a osition, 68 ; the mode 


, 68; manufactures, : 


a oa  paatadeie 69 ; towns, 70 ; 
houses, 70; fruits, 72; food, 72; 
boats, 75 ; thread spun by the wo- 
men, 75; different modes of fishing, 
75; hunting, 75; games, 77 ; man- 
ner of reception by a weroaunce, 
78 ; music, 79; poetry and songs, 
79 ; dances, 80 ; religion, 82 ; priests 
and temples, ’g2 ; sacrifices, 84 ; 
monuments of the kings, 89 ; buri- 
als, 90; principal temple at Pa- 
munky, 90; religious festivals, 91 ; 
conjurations, 92; altars and offer- 
ings, 93; sun-worship, 93; sooth- 
saying with herbs, 93 ; sacrifices of 
children, 94; wars, 100; prophe- 
sies, 101; arms, 105; drums, 107 ; 
stratagem in war, 107; surgery, 
108 ; medicine, 108 ; marriage, 109 ; 
education of the children, 110 ; cus- 
tom of giving several names, 111 ; 
employments of the women, 111; 
superstition about fire among the 
women, 112; candles of pine or fir 
tree, 112; their mode of concealing 
their treasures, 113; oaths, 113; 
their mode of cultivating maize, 
116; fruits, 117; the maracock, 
119; the tockowhough, 121 ; roots 
used medicinally and for painting, 
121; tobacco, 121; animals, 122 ; 
birds, 125 ; timber, 128 ; minerals, 
131; pearls, 132 


Ww. 


Wahunsenacawh, the proper name of 
Powhatan, 48 

Wanchese, an Indian brought to Eng- 
land by ’Capts. Amadas and Barlow, 
144 

Warraskoyacks, people living upon the 
river Powhatan or King’s river, 35 

Wars of the Indians, 100 

Waymouth, Capt. George, his voyage 
in 1602, 42; sent out in 1605 by 
Thos. Arundell, Wardour of the 
Earl of Southampton, 159 ; his disco- 
very of the river of Saghadehoe, 159 


INDEX. 203 


Weinock, a servant in Powhatan’s 
confidence, 48 

Weroance, meaning of the word, 51 ; 
mode of reception by a, 78 

Werowocomoco, seat of Powhatan, 36, 
49, 62 

West, Capt. Francis, Powhatan sells 
his birthright to him, he builds a 
fort called West’s Fort, 48 


West, Capt. William, killed by the 
Indians, 79 


White, Capt., sent by Sir W. Raleigh 
with a second colony to Roanoak, 
8, 149 ; returns to England for sup- 
plies, 151; goes to Roanoak with 
supplies, but not finding the colony, 
abandons the search, 152 

Wicocomaco, river of, 41 


INSTRUCTIONS TO BINDER. 


Map, to face title. 


Plate of Autographs, to face page xxxvi. 

The Susquehannah Indian, to face page 40. 

The king sitting among his women, to face page 53. 
The Indian woman, to face page 65. 


The dance, to face page 81. 


The tomb of the Weroances, to face page 89. 


Ricuanps, 100, 8T. MARTIN'S LANE. 


- — —— =" —— aw ——_ 


Bayerische. MDZ Piatlsteunyszentrun 
‘aatsBibliothel Digitale Bibliothek 


Strachey, Willam, 


The historle of travaile into Virginia Britannia expressing the 
cosmographie and comodites of the country, togither with the manners and 
‘customes of the people 


London 1849 


coll. 96 p-6 
urn:nbn:de:bvb:12-bsb10465826-6 


