LECT RA: 


| MT” 


' TRAGEDY. 


* 


— 


Tranſlated from SornocLEs, with Norks. 


* 


| ; By Mr. THEoBALD. 


| 
i 


"Ne c J xTeivearyTes 20 0% rie, 

Aokw Te ) AnPbacy o TWwTH beg xw 

©avov]es, 1 4 Ao lg EQupuoty, 

"Ava; Ar Aνονï ey “] R , To r. 
ZEichyl. in Coeph. 


1 
6d 


LONDON: 


Printed for Bernard Lintott, at the Croſs-Keys between 
/ the two Temple Gates in Fleet-ſtreet, 1714. 
7 : 


H Poem preſumes to 
A zhrow tt ſelf at your Feet, 
4 a Piece more wanting 
ESSE your Protection, than 
worthy of your Patronage. But 
1s as Neceſſary for Young Au- 
tors : who Should be conſcious of 


their 


The Epiſtle Dedicatory. 
heir Imperfections, to skreen Them- 
ſelves under Great Names; as it 
has been always Natural 10 Crimi- 
nals, to fly to a Santtuary, 

Permit Me then, $1r, more than 
zo hope a Shelter ; to promiſe my 
elf ſome Reputation from this Ho- 
nour. Or, even ſhould the World 
determine of my Performance to 
my Diſadvantage; the Satisfaction 
tale in being albwell the Pri di- 
ledge of this Addreſs, yields me 
more Pleaſure, than their Cenſure 
could grve Me Pain. 

But I am ſo far from entertaining 
any Fears of its Miſcarriage; that 
if my own Partality and the Judg- 
ment of thoſe choſen Friends, 


(--Quibus hæc, ſint Qvaliacumque, 


Arridere ven 


1 


. — 


— 


The Epiſtle Dedicatory. 


have not Conſpired to Decerve Me 
in its favour I may preſume, That 
little Merit they are pleasd to al- 


low It, will be my beſt Excuſe for 
pretending, in this public, Manner, 
to declare My /elf, 
SE 
Your moſt Obedient 


Humble Servant, 


Lew. Theobald. 


Dramatis 


Dramatis Perſonæ. 


An Uſurper of the Go- 
EHſtbus, vernment of Argos. 


55 of the late Rightful 


Oreſtes, King Agamemnon, by 


CHtemneſtra. 
Pylades, his Friend, Prince of Phoczs. 
The Governor of Oreſtes. 


Queen of Argos, late 
Clytemneſtra, 5 Wife of Agamemnon, 
—— now of Agyſthus. 


and 
Chry ſothemis gamemuon. 


Attendants of Clytemneſtra. 


Fee 0 Her Daughters by A. 


Chorus of Young Ladies of Argos. 


SCENE, before the Palace in Mycenze. 


EL. E- 


25 T 
2 I "x ps 1 W 


ACTS CEN 


8 C E N E, before the Royal Palace in Mycenæ 


Governor of OREsTES, ORESTES and Py- 
LADES. 


GOFE RN OR; 


don of Agamemnon, (he Wis once, 
® i 


Xx 1. 
Dee . 0 2 . 
[ih 065 | Supream in Pow'r, led our vitotious 
* 2 S I | 


A Greeks 

. . To Troy's Deſtruction;) hence may you 
— __ ſurvey 

The Object of your long, your ardent Wiſhes : 
Behold your native Argos here, the Grove 
Of Tnachns's wand'ring frantick Daughter ; 
And here, the fam'd Lyrcan Forum lands, 


Io Ereted 


wo 


2 r 


Erected to the glorious God of Day: 

This, on the left, is Juno's aweful Temple ; 

Around, the glitt' ring Tow'rs of rich Mycene, to 

With the dire Houſe of bloody Pelops, riſe. 

Thence I receiv'd you from your Siſter's Arms, 

Snatch'd from the Fate in which your Father fell ; 

I took, preſery'd, and nouriſh'd you till now, 

To grow the keen Avenger of his Blood, 15 

But now, Oreſtes, and you, Pylades, 

The deareſt Partner of his Cares, betimes 

We muſt determine what our Cauſe requires. 

For ſee, the chearful Light begins to dawn ; 

The warbling Birds ſalute the early Sun ; 

And ev'ry Star faints in his fuller Glory. 

E'er then the buſie ſearch of jealous Eyes 

Prevent, let's fix our Counſels : Haſty time 

Cuts off all ſlow Debate, and calls for Action. 
Oreſt. Thou trueſt Friend that ever ſerv'd his 

Prince, 25 

How does thy Love to me ſhine out conſpicuous ! - 

And, as the gen'rous Steed when weak with Age, 

Starts into Rage, and ſcents the diſtant Battle : 

So you, tho' preſs d with Years, work up our Souls 30 

To Fame, and follow in the glorious Chaſe. 

To thee my purpos'd Vengeance I'll diſcloſe, 

Do thou with deep Attention mark my Words ; 

And where my Youth ſhall err, with Wiſdom guide it. 

Know, when J went to atk the Pythian God 35 

What method I ſhould take in my Revenge, 


v3 
0 


He 


* 
= 


ELECTRA. 


He thus in expreſs terms ſpoke his high Pleaſure : 

© Cloſe be thy Vengeance; no loud Force prepare; 
gut ſteal upon th' unguarded Murtherer. | 
Therefore do thou, my venerable Friend, 40 
As ſoon as kind Occaſion will permit, 

Enter the Palace; dive into their Counſels; 

And find out means for this our great Attempt. 

For rev'rend Age has plow'd thy Features up, 

And bent thee to the Earth, that thou ſhalt paſs 45x 
Succeſsfully unknown, and unſuſpected. 

Then form a Tale like this; That thou art ſent 
From Phocts, from Phanoteus, to relate 

(For he's their potent Friend, their dear Ally,) 

Nor ſpare an Oath to back the licens'd Fraud 50 
And win belief, how poor Oreſtes perith'd ; 

Whirl'd from his Chariot in the Pythian Games. 

This be che Sum and Subject of thy Errand; 

Mean while, as the great Lycian God injoin'd, 

We, with Oblations and devoted Hair, 55 
Will pleaſe my Father's Shade, and crown his Tomb. 
That done, here let us meet; and in our Hands 

Bear to th' inceſtuous Court the brazen Urn, 

Which lies conceal'd in yonder verdant Thickets: 


Wo 


Thus by an artful Fraud reſembling Truth, 69 


We may convince them of the pleaſing News 

That I am dead ; that thoſe are the Remains 

Of my burnt Bones, rak'd from the fun' ral Pile. 

Why ſhould I grieve to be reported dead, 

While I riſe fairer from that Death ſuppos'd 65 


B 2 To 


. 
£ 
ll 


4 Er 

To nobler Life, to Happineſs and Fame? 

Nor can the Tale which profits, prove diſaſtrous. 
Oft have I heard of Men, for Wiſdom fam'd, 
Revive and flourith from imagin'd Tombs, 


To freth Renown, and more illuſtrious Triumphs. 72 
So on my Foes from Death at once I'll riſe, 


Clare like a Meteor, and with Terror blaſt them. 


But, O my Country, and ye genial Gods, 
Receive me proſp'rous, and aſſiſt my purpoſe ! 
And, thou Paternal Dome, to thee I come 


75 
Sent from the Gods to rid thee of Pollution. 
O drive me not diſhonour'd from this Land! 
But fix me happy in my Father's Throne, 
And make me but the Scourge of Uſurpation, 
I aſk no more! — But now, my good old 
Friend, Wo 


Support the Taſk which thou haſt undertook : 
We, Pylades, will hence, time preſſes hard; 
Time, on whoſe friendly call the Iſſues hang 
Ot all our Mortal Actions. 

Elect, Oh! my Fortune 


( Groaning from within.) 
Gov, Hark! ſure I heard the Voice of Female Sor- 
row. 85 
Ore/t. Think you, 'twas not the poor Zlectra 
groan'd 2? 
Say, ſhall we ſtay and liſten to her Anguith ? 
Gov. Not for the World: 
2 Cod; | | 


* 


Begin we from the 


And 


EL ECT-R A. F 


And his Commands fulfil : With due Oblations 
Appeaſe, invoke the Manes of your Sire: GO 
From hence we ſhall the hop'd Event derive, 
And draw a Bleſſing on the pious Work. 
(Exeunt Orcſtes and Pylades at one 
Door, Governor and Attendants at 


another. 


NY NHL NN NN d N 
o .* * . . - . . * * . STI * . . . P 5 . 
Mk L:& hd 778 7 7 7 7 77 IR AR Z& 7 7 77 N 778 5k 77K 7 


ATI. Scint II. 


Electra alone. 


Fleck. O ſacred Light, and O thou ambient Air, 
How have ye witneſs'd to my conſtant Sorrows! 
How have ye ſeen theſe Hands, in rage of Grief, 95 
Harrow and bruiſe my ſwoln and bleeding Boſom ! 
While each new Morn was blaſted with my Woe : 
How have the circling Nights heard my Deſpair ! 
How have my Walls and hated Bed been curſt, _ 
And eccho'd to my ſtill- repeated Anguiſh 100 
My Sighs, my Groans for my-unhappy Sire, 

Whom barb'rous Climes and cruel Battle ſpar'd ; 
Whom Battle ſpar'd, but whom my Mother flew ! 
She and her partner of adult'rous Joys, 
Accurſt Ægyſthus, with a murth'ring Axe 105 
Splitting his Temples, cleft the Hero down: 

B 3 Reſent- 


ä — — — 
* —— — 
* — 
ig — — — 1 


6 ELECTRA 4. 


Relentleſs, as the Woodman does an Oak, 

And none, but I, or pines or complains ; 

None but Electra mourns for thee, O Father, 
Without regard to Shame or Pity murther'd ! 110 
And I, while Life remains, will cheriſh Gef; 

Each riſing Morn, and each deſcending Night 

Shall hear my moan: For with inceſſant Sorrow, 
Like the ſad Nightingale robb'd of her young, 

Before my Father's Doors I'll plaintive ſtand ; 115 
And my loud Wrongs proclaim to ev'ry Ear. 

Ye Realms of Pluto, and his gloomy Conſort! 
Infernal Hermes! You, my potent Curſes ! 

And awful Furies, Daughters of the Gods, 

Behold the Great are fall'n, unjuſtly ſlain ! 122 
And vile Adult'ry ſtains the Royal Couch ! 

O riſe, aſliſt, revenge a murther'd King. 

Send me my Brother, my Oreſtes hither, 

To eaſe my Sorrows, and to bear his part: 

For, oh! I fink beneath the dire Oppreſlion, f2c 


ACT 


ELECTRA. 7 


ee nennen 


ACT I. SerrE III. 


Electra and Chorus. 


Cho. Thou Off- ſpring of a moſt unworthy Mother, 
Uncomforted Electra! wherefore ſtill 
Doſt thou with ſtreaming Eyes and piercing Groans 
For ever mourn the Fate of Agamemnon ? 
Indulge Affliétion, nor permit the ſpace 135 
Of intervening Years to wipe away 
The mem'ry of thoſe Snares, and female Arts 
That caught his noble Life? Oh, may the 


Man, 

If Juſtice warrant my devoting Pray'r, 

That wrought his End, fall by the like ſurprize! 135 

Elect. O gen'rous Maids, and worthy your high 

Births ; 

Kindly you come to ſoften my Diftreſs : 

I know you do, to charm me into Comfort, 

But, oh! I muſt be deaf to the Inchantment ; 

Nor ever ceaſe to mourn my wretched Father, 149 

Therefore I muſt conjure you by our Friendlhip ; 

By all your tender Offices of Love; 

Let me indulge my Tears, and be a Wretch : 

Nor urge me to remit my Taſk of Sorrow, 


B 4 Cho 


8 LEUN. 
Cho. But yet, nor Pray'rs nor Teare, can ſofter 
Death; 3 . 
Or bribe tir unpitying Hades to unlock 
Earth's common Priſon, and ſend back your Father. 
Yet, fond of Woe and unavailing Paſſion, 
That hourly waſtes and preys upon your Health, 
You mourn the Ills which Mourning will not cure. 150 
Why do you court immod'rate Sorrow thus ? 
Elect. They mult be ſure, inſenſible and ſtupid, | 
That can forget a murther'd Parent's Death. 
Let me be rather like the wailing Bird, 
The murm'ring Herald of approaching Spring, 155 
Who 1ys ever, murther'd 1rys mourns, 
Thee, Niobe, my Heart eſteems a Goddeſs; 
Thou Monument of unexampl'd Sorrow! 
Loſt to thy Sex, and hardned to a Stone, | | 
Thou ftill art Niobe, and weep'ſt for ever! 160 
Cho. Have you, Electra, only cauſe to mourn 2 
Are there not thoſe have equal Right to grieve ? 
Tho' you ſurpaſs them in immod'rate Tranſports, 
How does Chryſothemis ſuppreſs her Anguiſh? 
And how Iphianaſſa bear her Pain? | 165 
Or how Oreſtes droop in ſecret Exile? | 
Ele&f, Happy Oreſtes, when the glad Mycenæ 
Views Him returning to his rightful Throne; 
Sent by the ſweet Direction of the Gods! 
Whilſt I expect him with unwearied Hopes, 170 
bf Childleſs, and deſolate, debarr'd of Wedlock, 
| Diſſolv'd in Tears, and worn away with Anguiſh. 
= | | But 


LUNA. 7 


But cruel He, regardleſs of my Pain, 
Forgets my Love and ardent Invitations : 
Yet has he ſooth'd me {till with flatt'ring Tydings; 175 
Rais'd me to Hopes, in vain, of his Arrival ; 
Too cred'lous Hopes; for, oh! he will not come ! — 
Cho. Deſpair not, Lady, for there reigns above 
A potent God, that overlooks Mankind; 
To his directing Hand ſubmit your Anger: 180 
Nor let your Tranſports ſwell to wild Diſtraction; 
Nor let your juſt Reſentments die forgotten: 
For ling'ring Time knows his redreſſing Hour. 
And he who ſtays on Criſa's verdant Shore, 
Great Agamemnon's Son, back'd with the Pow'rs 185 
Of Blood-avenging Erebus, will come; 
Will come with Fury, and redreſs your Wrongs. 
Elect. Much of my Life has been already ſpent, 
And fed on nought but unavailing Hopes; 
I can no longer bear th' uneahe State, 199 
An Orphan, unſupported, weak, and friendleſs; 
Us'd like a Menial in my Father's Houſe; | 
Robb'd of all Rights of Birth and Princely State; 
Clad in theſe homely Weeds of Wretchedneſs, 
And fed with Offals from th' Imperial Table. Iz; 
Cho. Oh diſmal was the Welcome of his Triumphe 
Mournfal Return! And oh! that Bridal Room, 
To which the unſuſpecting Huſband went 
And met the ſudden Axe ! Accurſed Stroke! 
By Fraud concerted, and by Luſt perform'd; 200 
Adult'rous Luſt with Treachery combind 
os B 5 In- 


19 ECaACTRSH: 


In horrid Mixture for the horrid Act; 
Whether ſome God or Man inſpir'd the Paſſion ! 
Fleck. O Day moſt hated of the rowling Year ! 
O blackeſt Night! And O prodigious Griefs 205 
Which flow'd from that unutterable Deed ! 
When both their Hands upon my Father ftruck, 


To ſpeak their Union, and make Murther ſure, 


I too was ſtruck, undone by that dire Blow, 

And agonizing Death lies heavy on me! 210 

But may the great Olympian God, may Jove 

Repay their Treaſon with till growing Anguiſh ! 

Let no ſhort Interval of Gladneſs chear 'em, 

But Guilt and black Remorſe haunt them for ever ! 
Cho. No more ſuch Words of Outrage: Call to 


Mind | 215 
From what a State of Eaſe your Rage has thrown 
you, 


And pull'd down Woe by wilful Provocation: 
Enough of Sorrow has thy Soul endur'd, 
By bearing up and buffetting the Tempeſt. 
Believe it vain t' aſſail victorious Vice, 220 
And tempt the rugged Hand of Tyrant Pow'r, 
Elect. Such Treaſons ſure demand ſuch loud Com- 
plaints; | 
My Heart is conſcious of its ſwelling Rage: 
Yet Danger thall not ſcare me from this Pleaſure, 
But while I live, I will devote the Wretches. 
From whom, ye dear Companions of my Grief, 
In ſuch Extreams of Woe, can I] endure 
'The 


ELECTRA. 11 


The Voice of Conſolation or Advice? 

Ceaſe, ceaſe your Strains of unprevailing Comfort: 
For never muſt my Labours find an End; 139 
Never mult I have truce with my Afflictions: 

Bur be a faithful Wretch, and weep for ever. 

Cho. Alas !==My Love, like a fond Mother, pleads 
To calm your Breaſt ; leaſt your diſtemper'd Wrath 
Should be the Parent of ſtill greater Troubles. 235 

Elect. Oh! Can my Ills admit of an Increaſe ? 

Can Piety forget a Father's Murther ? 

What Men, what barb'rous Nations, ſay it canj? 

Oh! let me not be honour'd in their Thoughts ! 

No:— Were I to be Match'd to ſome ſuch tame 240 

Forgiving Soul, I would not let the ſoft 

Unjuſt Infection, clog my tow'ring Rage; 

Nor for a Moment ſtop my ſhrill-tongu'd Grief, 

Which flys to gratify my Father's Shade. 

For if my noble Father unreveng'd, 245 

Mutt moulder into Duſt, and be forgot; 

Whilſt they, triumphant in their happy Guilt, 

Laugh at the lame Revenge that cannot rcach em: 

Farewel to Virtue; let religious Awe 

No more reſtrain Mankind, but Outrage flouriſh! 250 
Cho. In your's and in our own Behalf we came, 

T' expreſs our Duty, and aſſwage your Woes. 

But if our Words diſpleaſe your Princely Mind, 

You muſt oercome, and we ſubmit in Silence. 

Elect. I bluſh to think, that my uneaſie Load 255 
Of Grief, ſhould ſeem immoderate or ſtrain'd: 

B 6 Forgive 


— ͤꝑ öà—q— 
— ty Ir EO 
_ 4 
. 
- 
* — . 8 


12 ELECTRA. 

Forgive ny ſtrong Neceſſity of Sorrow. 

What Virgin, well-deſcended, could behold 

Her Father's Wrons:, and not like me reſent ? 

Could ice the never-tading Llis I tee, 200 
That ſprout each Hour and bloſſom on each other; 
While from the Hand of Her, who gave me Litc, 
The piercing Shaft is ſent that wounds my Soul. 

And while within my Father's injur'd Houte, 

I am conftrain'd to dwell with his Atlaſſins, 265 
Inſulted by 'em, and oblig'd to take 

The Means of Life from them, or yield to. Famine. 
Oh! what a Life muſt you believe I drag; 

What Tortures bear, diſtracted, when I ſee 

Agyſthus ſeated in my Father's Throne; 270 
Dreſt in the ſame Imperial Rohes of State; 

And pouring forth Oblations on that Spot, 

Where once the Blood of Agamemnon flow'd ? 

But oh! what Daggers muſt divide my Soul, 

When I behold the laſt great Injury; 275 
The rude Aſſaſſin in my Father's Bed, 


And guilty Mother's Arms? If Virtue ſuffer 


To call Her Mother, who with rank Offence 
Has injur'd Nature in her ſacred Laws. 

But ſhe enjoys the Wretch deform'd with Blood, 250 
Nor tears the Furies round th' adultrous Bed ; 
But with a wicked Triumph at the Fact, 
Searches impatient for the welcome Day 
Whereon my Father fell: O horrid Thought ! 


And when it comes, in wanton Revels, plays, 285 
Feaſts 


ELECTRA 
Feaſls, dances, and with impious Sacrifice, 
Thanks all the Gods for the ſucceſsful Murther. 
While I, a forc'd Spectator of their Riot, 
(In Mock'ry call'& the Feaſt of Agamemnon) 
In ſecret mourn; nor am allow'd to vent 
The Anguiſh of my lab'ring Heart in Freedom: 290 
For She, with watchful and ungen'rous Hate, 
| Eyes my Diſtreſs, and thus upbraids my Pain. 
„Thou Scorn of Heav'n! Have none but Thou been 
gricy'd 2 
Art thou the only one whoſe Father dy'd ? 
* Be trebly curſt, and may th' Infernal Pow'rs 
« Never releaſe thee from the Woe thou'rt fond of. 
Such is her Langnage ; but whene'er ſhe's told 
Oreſtes ſoon will come, then, then ſhe raves, 
And bellows loud, Thou Source of all my 
Cares, 300 
This is thy Work, who ſtol'ſt Oreſtes from me, 
« And nurſt him up to be thy Mother's Ruine: 
But thou ſhalt pay the Price of all my Fears. 
Thus does ſhe taunt ; while her illuſtrious Spouſe 
Stands by her fide, pleas'd, and provokes the Con- 
teſt : 3035 
That trifling Coward, that Diſgrace of Manhood, 
Who only wars in Conſort with a Woman. 
But while I wait to ſee Oreſtes here, 
To end my Griefs and reſcue me, I die! 
His Vengeance ſleeps by an unkind Delay; 310 
Nor 


14 E LE C T A 


Nor leaves me preſent Hope or future Comfort, 
To flatter Woe, and keep my Soul alive. 

In ſuch a State tis hard to be diſcreet; 

And not accuſe the unaſſiſting Gods: 


For in ſuch Ills our Paſſions will tranſgreſs, 315 
Riſe with our Suff rings, and like them grow bound- 
1eſs— 


Chor. Tell me, Electra; Is Ægyſthus nigh? 
Who might, if he o'er-heard, reſent my Words. 
Elect. O think not I ſhould taſte theſe gentle Free- 


doms 

If he were nigh ; but, guiltleſs of my Joy, 320 
He traverſes the verdant Fields of Argos. 

Cho. With greater Confidence I then ſhall ſpeak; 
Nar fear to aſk the things I long to know. 

Elect. Secure from Danger, aſk me what you pleaſe, 

Cho, Then tell me of Oreſtes, will he come? 325 
Or is there ſtill a Cauſe to keep him back ? 

Elect. He ſays he comes, but does not what he ſays, 

Cho. Important Actions move but ſlowly on. 

Elect. I mov'd not ſlowly when I ſav'd his Life. 

Cho. Fear not ; his Virtue will not fail his Friends. 330 

Elect. In that Beliefe 1 have protracted Woe. 

Cho. No more -I ſee Chryſothemis approach; 
Your Siſter, Madam, this way bends her Steps, 
And in her Hands ſhe bears Sepulchral Off rings. 


1 6 

I" — 3 Ws * 

0 B ed” ACT 
{bi * 4 i — 1 


* 
— — 2 — - n — 


ELECTRA. 17 


ATI. Scans IV. 
Chryſothemis, Electra, and Chorus. 


Chryſ. HY will you, Siſter, at this publick 
W Gate 335 

Repeat your Grievance in ſuch clam'rous Accents? 

Nor let Experience teach you to diſcard 

An impotent and unavailing Paſſion ? 

Believe that I am conſcious of our Wrongs, 

And would, if I had Pow'r, attempt Revenge: 340 

And let my ſtrong Reſentment ſtand confeſt. 

But when our Weakneſs dictates to our Wrath, 

"Tis wiſer to ſubmit with lower'd Sails, 

Than to collect the Storm and tempt Deſtruction. 

Thus would I counſel you to ſtifle Rage; 345 

Tho' I confeſs your Indignation juſt; 

But if or Life, or Liberty be dear, 

We muſt obey and ſtoop to rugged Pow'r. 

Eleft. Tis baſe that you, from ſuch a Father forung, 
Should in Neglect of his forgotten Worth, 359 
Side with the Faction of an impious Mother, 

For all your Counſels are by her preſcrib'd, 

And ſpeak her Pleaſure but at ſecond hand: 

Unheeding Girl, confeſs, and chuſe thy Crime, 

That thou, or know'ſt not, or forget'ſt thy Duty. 355 

You ſaid but now, if you had Pow'r to hate, 

To hate to purpoſe, you'd avow your Anger; 
f: | Yet 


C CFA 

Yet when I ſtruggle to revenge my Father, 

Far from aſſiſting, you obſtruct my Work. 2 
Is not this Cowardice, or ſomething worſe 2 © 360 
Tell me what great Advantage would ariſe, 

Should I ſuſpend my Grief, and put on Gladneſs ? 

Do I not live? tho' Ill, the Life Ilead: 
Ill as it is, it is enough for me: 

Whilſt ev'ry Day I interrupt their Joys, 365. 
Contending ſtill to pleaſe my Father's Shade, 

It the Deceas'd are capable of Pleaſure. 

While you, whoſe Words profeſs ſuch ſpecious Hate, 
Act in Concurrence with the Murtherers. 

But would they give me all my Siſter's Gifts, 370 
And all the Ornaments in which you ſhine; 

I would not yield a Moment to 'em.——No: 

Let coſtly Banquets load your wanton Table, 

And your ſoft Life in Delicacies flow; 

Give me the meaneſt neceſſary Food, 375 
The Virtue which has carn'd, ſhalt think it rich; 

And add a Sweetneſs to the homely Diet. 

I ſcorn the guilty Honours you have purchas'd, 

And ſo ſhould you in Wiſdom: But, oh Shame! 

You court Diſgrace, and when you might be ſtil'd 380 
The glorious Daughter of the beſt of Fathers, 

You are the Mother's, her diſtinguiſh'd Darling ! 

Thus at the Price of Cenſure, you betray 


Your Friends, and ſell the Blood of Agamemnon 
Cho. For Heav'ns ſake, let not Anger grow between 


detec 5 389 
3 : 5 You 


— 1 


ELECTRA: 17 


You both ſpeak well, and both may be improv'd 
If you will join, and by each other profit. 

Chry. This Language l am us'd to, Friends, from Her, 
Nor had | now provok'd the Repetition; 

But that I heard an Evil threaten her, 390 
Which would at once end theſe inceſſant Wail.ngs. 

Elect. Name it, and if you can pronounce an Horror 
Greater than theſe I feel, I will obey you. 

Chry. Take then the Sum of what I can inform you: 
Unleſs you calm theſe Paſſions, they reſolve 395 
To force you hence, where you ſhall neer behold 
The cheerful Light of Day, but lie confin'd 
In ſome damp gloomy ſubterranean Priſon, 

Far from this Country; there to groan unheard, _ 
And breath your Sorrows 'midit unwhollome Va- 
pours... 5 | | 400 


But, oh, be wiſe; prevent the threaten'd Woe : 
Nor blame your Siſter, who with early Care 


Would labour to divert th' unripe Deſtruction. 
Elect. And have they then determin'd. thus againſt me? 
Chry. As ſoon as e' er Ægyſthus ſhall return. 405 
Elect. Oh, may the threaten'd Miſchief wing him hi- 
ther?! 
Chry. What horrid Wiſh is this, unwary Maid? 
Elect. That he would come and execute his Malice, 
C/ry, Ha! Are you loſt to Senſe ? What would you 
aim at ? 
Elect. That I might fly from all of you as far 410 
As Earth has Boun ds. 


Chry. 


18 ELECTRA 
Chry. —Reſped you not your Life? 
Elect. This Life is wond'rous beautiful indeed, 
Fit to be car'd for! 
Chry. - Were you wiſe it might. 
Elect. Teach me not, Siſter, to betray my Friends, 
Chry. I teach you not, but to obey Superiors. 41; 
Elec. Tis yours to flatter, I have no ſuch Soul. 
Chry. 'Tis prudent not to throw our Lives away. 
Elect, But glorious to reſign em for a Father. 
Chry, Our Father W id not wiſh us to purſue 
Revenge at that raſh Hazard 
Elect. Cowards only 
And fearful Souls applaud ſuch tim'rous Maxims. | 
Chry. And will you not be caution'd 'gainft Af. ; 
fliction ? wh 
Elect. No: For I would not quite forego my Reaſon, 4 
Ckry. Then I have done, and will purſue my Orders. 
Ele. What Orders !!— And to whom theſe fun'ral 
Rites? 425 þ 
Chry. The Queen enjoins me on my Father's Tomb 
From her to make Libations. 
Elect.. D— How ? from Her? 
To make Libations to that hated Man ? 
Chry. To him ſhe kill'd, for ſo you would infer, 
Eleck. By whom perſwaded, whoſe Advice was 
this ? 430 
_ Chry, "Tis the reſult of a nocturnal Fright, 
Eleck. Oh! all ye Gods of Argos, aid me now. 
[ Chry. What grounds for Hope derive you from hex 
* Pears? Elec. 


420 


20 


e. 19 


Elect. Tell me the Viſion, and I'll then reſolve you. 
Chry. Alas ! I know but little 435 
Eleft. Tell me hen 
That little Little Sentences and Words 
Have often rais'd, and ruin'd Men as oft. 

Chry. Tis whiſper'd, that ſhe ſaw our Father come 
Again to light, and ſeem'd once more his Wife : 
That He, took inhis Hand the Regal Scepter 440 
(Which once he bore, but now Ægyſthus bears;) 

And fix'd it in the Earth: When ſtrait there ſprang, 
From it, a thriving Branch which flouriſh'd wide 

And over-ſhadow'd all Mycene's Land. 

This did I learn from one who was at hand, 445 
When to the riſing Sun ſhe told her Viſion 


| To deprecate it's Omen. More I know not, 
But that theſe Rites are owing to its Horrors. 


Elect. Now I conjure you by our genial Gods, 


; Obey me; fall not into raſh Offence; 450 
But, cer it be too late, avoid Pollution. 


And, deareſt Siſter, let no part of thoſe 

Deſign'd Oblations touch my Father's Tomb: 

For tis not juſt, to bring his inj ur d Shade 

Unhallow'd Off rings from an impious Hand. 

But give 'em to the Winds ; or hide 'em deep 455 
In Earth, - at diſtance from his aweful Tomb. 
Let the Earth keep em for her fun'ral Honours, 

The fitteſt Off rings to adorn her Grave. 

Had ſhe not been the vileſt of her Sex, 


She would not facrifice, to Him ſhe ſlew. 460 
| How. 


nut all I have to give, except this Girdle: 


By Heav'n ! you muſt be filent, Friends; for if 


20 E. 


How do you think his injur'd Ghoſt will bear 

To taſte the Off rings which are ſent by Her; 

Who, not content to rob him of his Lite, 

Mangled and hack'd him to diſarm Reſentment ; 

And ſtrove to wipe th Abomination off. 475 
Will impious Off rings ſatisfie for Murther ? 

And weak Libations purge the guilt of Blood? 

No; fling th' offenſive Sacrifice away; 

And from our Heads let each preſent a Lock 

Of ſupplicating Hair: Too mean the Gift! 470 


4 


Which take, however plain and unadorn d. 
Proſtrate, invoke him to ariſe from Earth; 
To come propitious and deſtroy our Foes; 
And ſend Oreftes, with avenging Force, 475 
To ſtrike the hoſtile Tyrants to the Earth. 
Then ſhall we richer Sacrifices pay, | | 
And crown his Aſhes with more grateful Off rings. 
My Heart ſuggeſts, the care of our Revenge 
Employs his Ghoſt, and ſent the hideous Dream : 455 
Therefore, my Siſter, aid the gen'rous Work; 
The Cauſe of you, and me, and that dear Man, 
Our common Parent who is now no more. 
Cho. The Virgin ſpeaks with Piety, and you 
In Wiſdom. ſhould perform the duteous Office. 
Chry.. I will: For tis a vain and ſenſleſs Strife 
For two to differ in a Work that's juſt, 
And aſks diſpatch. But now that I conſent, 


My inraged Mother ſhould diſcover ought, 499 
I might have cauſe to mourn the bold Attempt. 
(Exit Chryſothemis. 


| EET, 


1 


| 


C ˙ / SCENE Y. 


-G-H-Q: RUS. 


Electra remaines on the Stage while the Chorus fings, 


J. 


Cho. Or my prophetice Soul miſtakes, 
Or I in hope from Reaſon err; | 
Or Fengeance ſwift advances makes, 
Upon: the Conjcience-haunted Murtherer. 495 
Daughter ſhe comes; ſhe comes away 
Vith Pow'r and Juſtice in Array; 
Im ſtrong in hope, the boding Dream, 
Ihe Herald of her awcful Terrors came. 
The King's Reſentments ſhall not ceaſe, $90 
Nor ſhall he bury Wrongs but in redreſs. 
Ihe vengeful Axe that gave the im pious Blow, 
Mindful of th' Imperial Woe, 
To Hell and Heav'n calls out aloud 
For Retribution, and for Blood, 50g 


22 


II. 


The brazen-footed Fury ſhall appear 
With hundred Feet, and hundred Hands ; 
To execute her fell Commands, 
Who yet conceals her wrathſul Spear. 
Unſeen ſhe does her future Work ſurvey, 510 
And hovers o'er her unſuſpecting Prey. 
For impious Acts have ſtain d the Royal Bed; 
Acts at which Hymen ſtood diſma y' d 
While by concerted Guile betray d 
To give Adult ry ſcope, the Huſband bled. 515 
But 1, in hope, foreſee ſome dire Event, 
The threat ning Viſions of the Night 
Shall have their Force, nor be content 
To puniſh Guilt with bare Affright. 
Let Birds, Dreams, Divinations loſe their Force, $25 
Aud ſolemn Oracles no more diſcourſe ; 
If this Appearance paſſes hence 
Without an happy Conſequence, 


III. 


© inauſpicious Chariot race, 

Which Lo ve- inſtructed Pelops won; 525 

What mighty Miſchiefs haſt thou done, 
To this ill fated Place? 


For 


2 ELECTRA. 23 


For e er ſince Myrtilus was thrown 
Headlong from the Chariot, down 
The Promontory's horrid Brow 530 
Into the ſuffocating Surge below ; 
Unnumber d Evils have befall'n the State; 
And Argos felt ſucceſſive Storms of Fate. 


14 


2 


— — . 
rome) If 4 


C2 


ACT 


F 


ACT H. Sen I. 


Clytemneſtra, Electra and Chorus. 


Cly, Ou're free, you think; and now may wait 
at large, | 

Becauſe, you know, Ægyſthus is not here ; 

Who would confine your Walks; not let you range, 

To vent your Spleen, and execrate our Friends, 

But in his abſence you regard not me; 

I am the Theme of your unmanner'd Railings ; 

You brand me with Injuſtice ; fay, I'm fierce ; 

And play the. Tyrant over you and yours. 

But I abuſe you not; I only pay 

Your handſome Compliments to me in kind; 18 

And, firſt inſulted, but return Reproach. 

And ſtill your Father is the ſtale pretence, 

As if I murther'd him: I did, I own it; 

I own, I did it; and 'twas bravely done: 

Juſtice commanded, and I gave the Blow : I; 

And you, if wiſe, had help'd the glorious Work, 

For He, whom you ſo obſtinately mourn, 

Murther'd your Siſter :>—He, of all the Greeks 

Could find a Daughter for a Sacrifice ; 


wh 


And | 


—— BR >_© 7 rr OO an, 


wh 


19 


19 


Ind ; 


LTU TRL. 27 


And bore to ſee Her butcher'd, cruel Man! 2.0 

A ſtranger to the pangs of pleading Nature, 

Nor conſcious of the pains a Mother feels. 

And then, for whom was this fair Victim flain ? 

Was it for Greece ? you will not ſurely ſay it; 

Had Greece the liberty to kill my Daughter ? 25 

Or was't not for his Brother Alenelaus? 

(Oh! juſtly did he die, who kill'd my Child.) 

Had not his Brother Children of his own ? 

'T'was juſter far, they both had dy'd, than ſhe ; 

Both, for their Father and their Mother dy'd ; 39 

On whoſe Account alone the War began. 

Or did the partial God of Hell prefer 

My Daughter's Blood, to any ſecond Victim? 

Or had your execrable Father loſt 

A Parent's Love, but Menelaus not? 35 

Do not theſe Acts proclaim him rath and impious? 

Whate'er you think, my Cenſure has condemn 'd him: 

and fo would injur'd 1phigenia too, 

Could the Departed ſpeak, accuſe her Father, 

do not then repent of what J did; 40 

But if you think I ought, take heed you ſpeak 

In terms of calm reſpect, and urge your Reaſons, 
Ele. You cannot plead, that you were now pro- 

vok'd ; 
And therefore did retort opprobrious Language. 


But might I be permitted, I would try 45. 
To plcad my Father's Cauſe and Siſter's too. | 


C Cty. 


26 EL'ECTR £ 


Cly, You may: And did you always thus addreſs 
me, 

Twould ſpare you that Reproach you murmur at. 
Elect. Firſt you confeſs, that you my Father ſlew; 
And can there be a blacker Crime than this, 50 

The Cauſe be juſt or no? But that it was not, 

I'll ſhew you ; drawn by your adult'rous Love, 

Not for your Daughter but your preſent Spouſe, 

You did the Action. Aſk Diana why, 

Why ſhe delay'd ſo long the courted Winds ; 35 
Or what the Goddeſs will not, I will tell you. 

Tis ſaid, my Father ſporting in her Grove, 

Put up a noblc-ſpotted branching Stag; 

And as he chas'd and ſlew the glorious Prey, 

In Triumph utter'd ſome unhappy Word. 69 
The Goddeſs, to revenge th' Inſult, detain'd 

The Fleet-in Aulis, till my wretched Sire 

Should make Atonement with his Daughter's Blood, 


Thus fell ſhe ; —nor could any meaner Bribe 


Purchaſe a Wind to ſwell their flagging Sails; 65 
For which, and not for AMerelaus's ſake, 

With ſtruggling Sorrows, and reluctant Pangs, 

At laſt he yielded to the Sacrifice, 

But had he done it for his Brother's ſake, 

Should you have kill'd him therefore? By what Law? 70 
Take heed, leaſt you repent the Rules you make; 

By your own Laws your ſelf will ſtand condemu'd: 
It Murther mutt with Murther be repaid, 

Juſtice wul tell you, you are ncxt to bleed ; 


Thus 


2G 


E LE C F R A. 27 


Thus ev'n your own defence is turn'd againſt you. 75 
But tell me, if you can, on what Account 

You now perſiſt in execrable Guilt ; 

Why have you commerce with the bloody Wretch, 
Who was th' Abettor of your horrid Crime ? 

Why propagate by him a lawleſs Brood, 80 
And baniſh far into another Land 

The Virtuous Off- ſpring of your Huſband's Bed? 
Can this be reconcil'd ? Or will you ſay 

Theſe are the farther proofs of your Revenge; 

Tis baſe to ſay it; it can ne'er be good 8 
To wed a Traytor for a Daughter's ſake. 

Yet, deaf to juſt Reproof, you ſpurn at Counſel ; 
Cry, that 'tis Inſolence t' upbraid a Parent; 

And ſhoot with all the Arrows of your Tongue. 

I have a Miſtreſs, not a Mother in you, 90 
Oppreſs'd with Hardthips, and condemn'd to all 

That you and your curſt Conſort will impoſe. 

Nay, ſcarce my Brother did eſcape your Rage; 

Who wears out wretched Life in anxious Exile. 

The ſaving whom, you oft upbraid me with; 95 
And ſay, I nouriſh a Revenger for you! 

And be aſſur'd, IJ wanted not the Will; 

Therefore proclaim me to the World at large; 

Brand me with Impudence ; call me foul Railer; 


| The Signal Characters ſhall make me known, 100 
And mark me out for Clyzemneſtra's Daughter! 


Cho. J ſee, her fierce Reſentment blazes high ; 
Regardleſs whether Reaſon rule her Anger. 
ay Cly. 


28 E:L& GT Rh 


Cly, And what regard can ſhe deſerve from me, 
Who thus upbraids and vilifies her Mother? 105 
Vreſumptuous Wretch !-—Believe you not, my Friends, 
She has forgot to bluth at any Action ? 

Elect. Oh, you miſtake; I bluth at what Ido; 
And am too ſenſible the Words I ſpeak, 

But ill become my Station, Age, or Fortunes; 110 
But your vile Actions and malignant Soul 

Have forc'd me to be rude againſt my Will; 

For Evils ſpring and flouriſh by Example! 

Cly. Injurious Railer ! do my Actions teach, 

Do They, inſtru your Tongue to grow offenſive? 115 

Elect. Tis your Offence that ſpeaks ; you do the 

things, 
Which done in proper Language muſt be told. 

Cly. Now, by Diana, when ZEgyſthus comes, 
You ſhall not thus inſult me unreveng'd. 

Elef#f. You rob me of the Liberty you gave, 120 
You bad me ſpeak, but will not hear with Temper. 

Cly. Will you nor ſuffer me to make Oblations, 
But interrupt with Inauſpicious Words, | 
Becauſe I bad you ſpeax? 

Elec. Go on, perform 
Th' intended Rites ; I will no longer ſtop 125 
The meritorious Office, but be filent !. 

Cly. Then lift thou up the ſuppliant Fruits on high; 

(To her Attendant.) 
Which, offer'd to the facred God of Day, 
Shall free me from the Fears which now I bcar. 
N l O Ph v. 


, » 


i» 


But hear me, thus 


ELECTRA 29 


O Phœbus, thou whoſe Hallow'd Image ſtands 

Before this Palace, hear my hidden Senſe ; 

I ſpeak not among Friends; nor is it ſafe 

Here to unfold the Secrets of ny Heart 

Before thy radiant Light, when She is by; 

Leaſt with her Envy, and her babbling T ongue, 135 
She ſpread the Story over all the City. 

The Viſion of laſt Night, 

The doubtful Dream which ſleeping I beheld, 

If it be proſperous, O Lycian King, 

Fullfill and ratifie its kind Intents : 140 
If Ill, turn all its Horrors on my Foes. 

Nor proſper thoſe, who would diſturb my State; 


And plot in private to undoe my Pow'r. 


Thus let me always live, from Danger free, 

And rule this Kingdom, and this Houſe as now; 145 
Join'd to theſe Friends, to whom I now am join'd ; 
Sill crown'd with Bliſs, and with ſuch Children who 
Nor hate, nor enviouſly diſturb my Joys. 

Grant this, Apollo, and look down propitious ; 


Grant this, and in the manner which I aſk ; 150 


The reſt thou know'ſt, altho' I ſpeak it not: 


For Gods have Pow'r to read our inmoſt Thoughts, 


And nought is hidden from the Sons of Jove. 


Q 
— 


C 2 „ 


30 ELECTRA. 


COLE ITT LEE ECT ETFS 


A T II. Sc II. 
Governor, Clytemneſtra, Electra, and Chorus. 


Gov, E. Virgins, may a Stranger hope to learn, 

If this tall Fabrick be the Royal Palace? 155 
Cho. It 1s. 
Gov. And this the Queen, whom 1 behold ? 

Her Dress and Perſon ſpeak th' Imperial Rank. 

Cho. You're right, tis ſhe. 

Then hail, O Queen ! I come 

To bring you and Zgy/thus grateful News 

From one who is your Friend. 

Cly. T' embrace the News 160 

But next inform me from what Friend you come, 
Gov. From Phocis, from Phanoteas, to relate 

A Buſineſs of Concern ; —— 

Cly. Pronounce it, Stranger ; 

The Man you come from ſpeaks the Errant good. 
Gov. To ſum up all, Oreftes is no more. 165 
Elect. Ah! wretched Maid ! It brings me to the 

Grave 
Cly. What ſaid you, Stranger? Liſten not tc | 
Her. 
Gov. I fay again, Oreftes is no more, 


Gov, 


* 
* 
* 


„ 
, 


60 


5 


the þ 


ELECT RA. 31 


Ele#, I periſh with him, and am too no more! 
Cly. At diſtance, howl !——But, Stranger, you pro- 
ceed; : | 170 
Inſtruct Us in the manner of his Fate. 
Gov. To this was I employ'd; ——— Know, Mighty 
(Queen, 
When young Oreſtes at the Plains arriv'd, 
Where Grecia celebrates her Pythian Games; 
Soon as the Herald's ſhrill-proclaiming Voice 175 
Summon'd each Champion to the noble Sports, 


He enter'd the broad Liſts, bright as a God; 


The Admiration of the throng'd Spectators ! 

"Twere endleſs to recount the things he did; | 
Thro' all the ſtated courſe of Games he ran, 180 
And bore in Triumph ev'ry Prize away. 

The happy Youth was hymn'd by ev'ry Tongue: 
Proclaim'd aloud by th' Herald's Voice, an Argive! 
By Name Oreſtes, Agamemnon's Son, 


The General of Greece) And thus he flou- 


riſn'd: 
But when the Gods oppoſe the mightieſt Man, 
The Mortal ſinks beneath th' unequal Match! 
For when the next ſucceeding Morn aroſe, 
Changing the Nature of the luſty Conteſts ; 
Oreſtes with the Rival Troop advanc'd, I90 


185 


And figh'd for Conqueſt in the Chariot-race. 


But Fate decreed not ſo: —For when his Steeds, 
True to his Hopes, ſucceſsful wing'd their way ; 


And almoſt crown'd him with the promis'd Prize ; 
C 4 Turning 


32 ELECTRA. 


Turning the Goal with a miſtaken breadth, 195 
He ſtruck unwary on the outmoſt Column, 
And broke his Axle ſhort. He, with the Shock, 
Fell from his Seat, and in the twiſted Harneſs 
Intangled hung; Him, thus precipitate, 
The frighted Horſes with Confuſion wild 100 
Dragg'd to the middle Courſe: With Vells and 
Shrieks 

The pittying Crowd beheld, and mourn'd the Youth; 
Fall'n from Renown, and loft to future Conqueſts ! 
Now daſh'd againft the Ground; and now aloft 
Rebounding furious; till the Charioteers 205 
(But oh! too late ) ſtopp'd his unruly Steeds : 
And loos'd him, with unſeemly Wounds deform'd ! 
Torn, bruis'd, disfigur'd, and no longer known 
To be Oreſtes, by his deareſt Friends! 
Some Phocian Men, appointed to the Taſk, 210 
Strait burnt his Body ; and have brought, inurn'd, 
His Duſt; the poor Remains of all his Greatneſs ! 
To find a Tomb in his Paternal Soil. 
Such was his Death ; how terrible to hear ! 
But, Oh, how more afflicting to the Sight ! 21 
The worſt of Spectacles theſe Eyes have ſeen. 

Cho. Alas ! alas! then all my Maſter's Race 
Are periſh'd, rooted up, and quite extinguith'd. 

Cly. O Jove! what News is this? Of Joy, or Horror? 
That Crowns with Safety, yet with Sorrow wounds ; 
Whilſt to aſſure my Life, I loſe my Son. 220 


V1 


| Gov, 


$A = * 


ELECT RA. 33 


Gov. Why does the preſent Story make you ſad ? 
Cly, I feel the Mother ſtruggling in my Soul. 
Gov. Vain, and unwelcome then is this my Labour. 
Cly. How vain ? or how unwelcome ? Since you! 

come. 225 

To bring me certain Tokens of His Death, 

Who tho' my Son, and nourith'd from my Breaſt, 

Yet Who forſook me, like a. Vagrant fled, 

And choſe a Stranger's for his Mother's Houſe ; 

Who never ſaw me, ſince he left the Land; 230 

But branding me with Parricide, He ſtill 

With rebel Menaces has ſtabb' d my Peace. 

I ſcarce have ſlept by Night, or wak'd by Day, 

Secure or pleaſant : But each anxious Minute 

Seem'd but a ſhort reprieve from inſtant Death, 23x 

But this kind Morn diſburthens me of Fear, 

From Him and Her : — From Het, the greater 

Plague ! 

Becauſe Domeſtick, in my Boſom.warm'd, 

Th' ungrateful Serpent ſucks my vital Blood, 

But hurt no longer by her taunting Malice 2.40 


My eaſie Life ſhall flow with pleaſure on. 


Elect. Wretched Electra Now it's time to mourn 


Thuy Fate, Oreſtes; when thy Mother triumphs 


In thy Deſtruction thus; Gods! — is it well ?. 
Cly. With him, tis wondrous well, tho' not with 
thee.— 2485 
Elect. Avenging Goddeſs! hear her Contumelies. 


Cly, She has already heard, and well determin'd !. 
&-5 Elect.. 


äʒ—Ü— p — — —— — wo ͤ —ÿ— 


3+ ELECTRA 


Elect. Ay, now inſult : Your Joys indeed are full. 
C:y. And can Oreſtes help to make em leſs 
Elect. No; — We muſt drop our unperforming An- 
ger. 50: 
Cly. O Stranger, you indeed deſerve our Love, 
If you have filenc'd her malignant Clamours. 

Gov. My Talk is finith'd ; I may now depart—— 
Cly. Not ſo, my Friend: It would diſhonour us, 
And Him that ſent you, thus to let you go: 255 

Enter the Palace; and let's leave this Railer 
To how] abroad, and ſpread her ſtubborn Grief. 
(Ereunt Clytemneſtra, Artendants and 
Governor, 


Sch Ee dhe h lege eg :e de: de ed 


AAT II. SCENEK UT 
Electra and Chorus. 


7:4, Had ſhe the Marks of Sorrow ? Did the 
VWretch 
Conſeſs Deſpair, or like a Mother mourn ? 
But with malignant Pleaſure ſtalk'd away ! 260 | 
Deareſt Grefles, how haſt thou undone me 
Thy Fate has kid me, raviſh'd all the Hopes 
On which my Soul had fix d her laſt ſupport, | 
That thou would eſt one Day come, and with thy! 
Hand 


R 


1 Reycng*® 


20, 


tte 


ELECTRA. 37 


Revenge my Father and unhappy me! 265 

Now where ſhall I retreat, forlorn, depriv'd 

Of Thee, and of my Father? Now again, 

I muſt be dragg'd to ſerve the curſed Men 

Who kill'd my Father. Can ſweet Heay'n per- 
mit? 

No, by the Gods, I will no longer dwell 278 

Beneath the hated Roof which covers them: 

But here on Earth will make my humble Be 1, 

And mourn 'till Life is worn away in ſadnets, 

If I'm a Torment, let 'em kill me ſtrait ; 

For I am fick of Lite, and fain would dye: Is 

When Life is irkſome, Death is a Releite. 


SESSSSSSSSSSASISSSISSSISISSSS IAA $603 


A r H. Seren IV. 
Electta joins in the Chorus. 
* 


Cho. Dees not Apollo ſec? WII Jove not hear 7 
When will it Thunder, if it now be clear ? 

Elect. Alas ! my Fate 

Cho. 1/hy weep'ſt thou ſo ? 

Elect. O 


Co. Softer thy tumaltucus Noe, | 280. 


C 0. | Ele&;. 


As & a 
— — — 
— — > a re 


Cho. The Fate of Amphiaraus know, 


| "Oe 


„„ FERCERE. 


Elect. You kill me if you flop my Grief, 
Cho. How ? 
Ele, ——By teaching vain Releife. 


By off ring Comfort to reſtore, 
When he, in whom I hop d, is now no more. 
By ſuch unavailing Care 285 
You inſult my Griefs, and aggravate Deſpair. 


II. 


By Female Avarice betray'd; 
A Victim to his Wife's Perſwaſions made 
But now the Monarch in the Shades belou.— 299 
Elect. Oh killing thought! | 


Immortal. reigns ; 
A Prophet in th Elyſian Plains: 
lect. Woe: on the Cauſe ! 
no. Ay, Woe indeed 

On th accurſed Matron's Head“ | 
Ele. But foe too late her Treajon rued ; 


95 
Cho. 1 grant, Revenge her Crime purſued. | 
Kieet, That injur'd. Monarch found a. Son 
His diſcontented Shade t' appeaſe ; 
But my unhappy Sire has none 
To give the plaintive Phantom eaſe. Joc 


2 


ELECTRA. 25 


III. 


Cho. O Virgin, great. is thy Diſtreſs. 
Elect. Too well 1 know 
The weight of my oppreſſing Woe ; 
Of Griefs ſucceſſive, long, and numberleſs . 
Cho. With. Juſtice you of Mijery complain; 


305 
Ele. Therefore no longer wound my Far, 
With Comfort 's voice; nor hope to cheer 
My Soul, that ne er ſhall taſte again 
Cho. What ſay ſt thou, Maid? 
Elect. The Sweets of Peace, 
Ne'er be charm'd to joy or eaſe: 310 


Now the gen ' rous Youth is gone, 


Hope and Vengeance are undone, 
V.. 


Cho. Death is the portion of Mankind 


Elect. But not like. him, by furious Courſers born, 
Bruis d, disfigur'd, mangled, torn, 


Shall all a Death of Horror find? * 
Cho. Dark, unforeſeen is Fates ſurprize : 
Elect. His Fate was unforeſeen indeed, 
In a Foreign Land to bleed; 
Without theſe Hands to cloſe his Eyes, 320 
Cho. Unhappy Prince“ 
Elect. —No Ob ſequies to have; 


Nor weeping Friends to mourn Thee to the Grave. 


ACT 


ELECTRA. 


e 


A T H. Ser nr I. 


Chryſothemis, Electra and Chorus. 


Chry. L OR Joy, my Deareſt, I forgot my Sex; 
Neglected Decency, and ran impatient 
To bring you grateful News; whoſe glad ſurprize 
Will end thoſe IIls which you ſo long have mourn'd. 
Elett. Where can't thou find a Cure for my Misfor- 
tunes, 3 
On which no Beam of Comfort c'er can dawn? 
Chry. Enlarge thy Hopes: Oreftes is arriv d; 
Arriv'd as ſurely, as I live to ſpeak it. | 
Elect. Or rather doſt thou rave, unhappy Girl; 
And ſport with my Afflictions and thy own. 10 
Ckry. By all the Gods, I do not trifle with you, 
Or dally with your Woes, but know He's come. 
Elect. By what uncrring Arguments convinc'd, 
That you. ſo ſtrongly bend to their Report. 
Chry. I owe not to Report th' uncertain Tale, 15 
But to theſe Eyes that {aw th' unerring Signs. 
Ele&.. What Signs? What could'it thou ſee, too cre- 


d'lous Maid, 
To 


To kindle this fantaſtick Feaver up? 
Chry. Hear, I conjure you, e're you quite condemn: 

And judge, if Reaſon warrant my Aſſertion. 20 
Elect. If the Relation gives you Pleaſure, ſpeak. 
Chry, Thus then; as I approach'd the hallow'd 

Tomb | 

Wherein my Father's peaceful Aſhes lie; 

I ſaw the Ground with Streams of Milk diſtain d, 

Freſh pour'd, and flowing from the tufted Hillocks; 25 

And all the Flow'rs the genial Seaſon yields, 

Strew'd in a Circle round the Sepulchre. 

I aw and wondred;: and look'd all around, 

Leaſt any one unſeen ſhould ſteal upon Me 

And interrupt my Search: But when I ſaw. 30 

All things in Solitude and perfect Reſt, 

I nearer to the Tomb advanc'd ; and there, 

Upon the utmoſt Pile, a Lock of Hair 

Freſh cut, in Waves was ſpread: when ſtrait my Soul 

Preſented young Orefles to my Thoughts, MW 

And whiſper'd me, 'twas His, which I beheld: 

The Tokens of that dear-loy'd Man's Return. 

took it up, and ſpoke auſpicious Words; 

And my glad Eyes o'reflow'd with Tears of Joy. 

And then my conſcious Soul believ'd as now, 45 

Thofe Fun'ral Honours came from none but him, 

To whom but Me or You, belong'd this Office? 

] did it not, I'm ſure; nor you, I think: 

How could you, who from hence are not allow'd 

A Moment's Abſence, tho' to worſhip Heavin? 45 

My 


40 ELECTRA. 

My Mother——She delights not in ſuch Acts; 

Nor could the do it, but we muſt have known. 

None but Oreſtes then could pay theſe Honours. 
Have Comfort, Siſter ; not the ſame harſh God 

With unremitting Fury ſtill purſues ; 50 
The Storm o' er-blown, a pleaſing Calm ſucceeds ; 

To Day perhaps the lowring Scene will change; 
Revive our Souls, and brighten them with Gladneſs. 

Elect. O ſenſleſs Raptures! how I pity thee! 

Chry. What! Is the News ungrateful then at laſt? 55 

Elect. You know not where you are, nor what you 

ſpeak. 

Chry. Do I not know what theſe my Eyes beheld ? 
Elec. Loſe not an Hope in Search of poor Oreſtes, 
Nor build thy Safety there; for He,. is dead. 

Chry. O Heav'ns! where did you learn the fatal 


News ? 60 
Elect From one who ſtood, and ſaw the Youth ex- 
pire. 


Chry. I ſtand amaz d where is this fatal Herald ?- 
Elect. Careſs'd within; and welcome to my Mother, 
Chry. O fatal! whoſe were all thoſe. Off rings then 
Which grac'd my Father's Tomb ? 
SIT. We mult ſuppoſe 65 
Some Friend has plac'd 'em there, the Monuments 
Of dead Oreftes' Love: | 
. Cry. =_ —Deceitful Joy ! 
I haſted, raviſh'd with the ſtrong Delight; 
Nor dreamt of this diſaſtrous Turn of Fate, 


But 


2 pp 5 . IH ot ee 


w 
1 


— 
WU 


| 


EL E CTR 4 4.1 


But now too well I find our former IIIs 70 
Maintain their Ground, and call up freſh Afflictions! 
Elect. Too true th Increaſe ; but if you'll learn of 
Me, | 
I'll teach you how we may redeem our ſelves. 
Chr. Oh! Can we raiſe the Dead to Life again? 
Elect. Believe not my Conceits tow'r up to Mad- 


* 


neis. 75 
Cry. What would'ſt thou then preſcribe, that I can 
aid in? 


Elec. Reſolve but to perform what I advife. 
Chry. If to our Honour, fear not a Repulſe. 
Elect. Think, nothing can without ſome Pains ſuc- 
ceed.” | | 
Chry. I do, and will contribute to my Pow'r. 80 
Elect. Hear then the Reſolution I have form'd ; 
'Twere vain to urge our Want of Friends to you, 
Who know that we have none; that cruel Death 
Has torn 'em hence, and we are left alone. 
While yet Oreſtes liv'd, my flatter'd Grief 85 
Encourag'd Hopes that he would one Day come; 
And ſatisfie my Father's crying Blood: 
But now He is no more, I look on you, 
To aid your Siſter in the pious Work; | 
And help to kill th' Aſſaſſin, curſt Zgyfthus ! 99 
I'll ſpread the Counſels of my Soul before you,. 
And we with open Boſoms will converſe. 
Why ſhould you till be paſſive in your Wrongs ? 
Is there Redreſs in Hope, but from our ſelyes ? 
Does 


| 
| 
| { 
|| 


42 EL ECT RM. 


Does not Oppreſſion grind us ev'ry way? 97 
Are we not ſpoil'd of our Paternal Rights? 

Debarr'd of Hymen's Joys, and waſting all 

Our Bloom of Life in Virgin Solitude ? 

And, oh, believe it muſt be ever thus; | 
Nor will the Tyrant's Caution give us room 100 
To propagate a Race, to his Deſtruction. 

But if you'll follow the Advice, I give; 

Your Sire and Brother ſhall conſpire to Praiſe, 

And, from the Grave, applaud the gen rous Action, 
Then ſhall you be ſaluted, Noble, Free, 105 
As Nature and your Princely Birth deſign'd; 

And worthy Youths ſhall figh for your Embrace. 

For Virtue is a Charm fires ev'ry Breaſt. 


Do you not ſee, what Glory, what Applauſe 


You purchaſe to your ſelf and me by this ? 110 
What Citizen, what Stranger ſeeing Us 

Will not with theſe Encomiums mark us out. 
Bchold the Siſters— Friends, the Rival Pair, 

Who from Deſtruction rais'd their Father's Houſe! 
Who brav'd the Fury of triumphant Foes, 115 
Attack d their Pomp, and ſtruck the righteons Blow ; 
Of Life regardleſs ! Theſe ſhould always be 

The Subjects of our Wonder, and our Love; 

Theſe ſhould be honour'd, courted, and proclaim'd, 
And in our Feaſts, Aſſemblies, and our Strects, 128 
Hymn'd and diſtinguiſh'd for Heroick Souls !l—— | 
Such Language ſhall we hear from ev'ry Tongue, 
And live Eternal in the Voice of Fame : 


Follow |. 


WI --. 


[ © 


Low. | 


& L'& CTA #. 45 


Follow me then; revenge your Father's Blood; 
Make dead Oxeſtes ſmile, and reſcue Me; 125 
Reſcue Your ſelf: Shake off the guilty Chain: 
For gen'rous Souls difdain a vile Dependance. 

Cho. Prudence is uſeful in Affairs like theſe, 
To Counſel, or Embrace th' important Taſk. 

Chry. Had ſhe but weigh'd her Words before ſhe 

ſpoke, 

She would have kept what now ſhe has not done; 
A modeſt Prudence, and an uſeful Caution. 
What Proſpect of Succeſs, that thus you arm, 
And aik me to aſliſt the Daring Work !—— 
Regard your feeble Sex, and tender Form ; 135 
In Strength inferior to the Foes you brave: 
Behold, how Fortune wooes Them with her Smiles, 
While We are cruſh'd by Fate, and waſte to nothing. 
Who then, invading one defended thus, 
But muſt expect the Death he thought to give? 149 
Take heed, we do not aggravate our Illis; 
And purchaſe new Diſtreſs, if over-heard : 


130 


Poor is th' Advantage of that vain Renown, 


Which panting to obtain, we earn by Death! 
Tho' Death perhaps will be eſteem'd a Mercy ; 145 


And when 'tis courted, Life ſhall be our Doom: 


To ſuffer on, and taſte protracted Anguiſh. 
But, I conjure you, .e're we furious run 
Into the Gripe of Fate; and caſt away 
The laſt Remains of Agamemnon's Blood ; I50 | 
Reſtrain your Rage, and what your Raſhneſs utter'd 


Shall 


44 ELECTRA. 


Sha!l perith, and be loſt to my Remembrance, 
Be wiſe at length, taught by prevailing Woe; 
And ſince, unable to contend, ſubmit. 

Cho. Be rul'd; for Wiſdom and a prudent Mind 125 
Are two the greateſt Goods that Men enjoy. 

Elect. Your Anſwer does not diſappoint my Thoughts? 
For well I knew you would reject the Work. 
Therefore the noble Taſk remaines for Me: 

It muſt be done, and ſhall not want a Hand. 160 

Chry. O! had you been of this Heroick Soul 
When firſt my Father fell, you'd done it then; 

Elect. J had the Soul, but wanted Years for Action. 

Chry. And want 'em ſtill for deſp'rate Acts like theſe. 

Elect. How full of Counſel !- barren of Aſſiſtance! 165 

Chry, For raſh Attempts oft cruſh their wretched 

Author. | 
Ele#. Your Wiſdom I admire, your Fears I hate. 
Chry. The time will come, when I ſhall have your 


Praiſe. 

Elect. The time will never come, when you'll de- 
ſerve it. | 

Chry. Th' Event of things will beſt determine 
this. 170 


Elect. Be gone; for I expect no Aid from Thee. 
Chry. You might: The Fault is in your own Reſolves. 
Elect. Go, and betray my Counſels to the Queen 
Chry. I nouriſh not an Hate that thirſts your Ruine. 


5 Ele. Yet you could brook to draw me to Diſho- 


nour, 175 
Chry, 


E LEUN TX A. 47 


Cry. Not to Diſhonour, but to prudent Care. 

Flect. Muſt I then follow where your Fancy leads ? 

Chry. When you think better, you ſhall lead .— 

Elect. —— Tis ſtrange 

That She who ſpeaks fo well, ſhould act ſo ill. 

Cyry. The Condemnation on your ſelf returns. 188 

Elect. But does not Juſtice warrant my Deſigns ? 

Chry. Tis dang'rous to be always ſtrictly juſt. 

Elect. Such Maxims nc're {hall regulate my Actions. 

Chry. You would have cauſe to thank me, if they 
did. 

Elect. By Hcav'n, I'll not he ſcar'd from my Re- 
ſolves. 


185 
Chry. And will you not be wrought to ſafer Counſels? 
Elect. No; — Exil Counſel is the worſt of things. 
Chry. You ſet a wrong Conſtruction on my Words: 
Elect. My Purpoſe is not new, a Start of Paſſion ; 

But weigh'd with Reaſon, and confirm'd by Time. 195 
Chry. I'm gone; ſince you my Reaſons diſapprove, 

As I your Actions. 
Elect, — Wherefore go you not? 

I would not load you with my Secrets more, 


Tho' you ſhould kneel in Tears, and beg to ſhare em: 


lt argues Folly to purſue a Trifle. 195 


Chry. Enjoy your fancied Wiſdom by your ſelf; 
When ruin'd, you'll too late approve my Caution. 
Exit Chryſothemis. 


ACT 


46 XK LE CZ R A. 


| SoSe Ss Se oe S ss ssd s dee 


n II. 


CHORUS. 


Electra remaines on the Stage, while the Chorus ſings. 


I. 


Cho. Why when th Inhabitants of Air, 
With tender Duty, grateful Care, 
| Grant their aged Parents Food 200 
| To whom their little Souls they ow'd; 
| | Why do not reas ning Men the ſame, 
And their whole Lives by thoſe Dumb Patterns frame? 
i But by Jove's Shafts with Terror bright, 
| By heav'aly Themis, and Eternal Right, 205 
| The Wretch that dares their Pow'r, ſhall ſoon 
Be from his guilty Triumphs thrown : 
| Thou Fame, that do'ft all mortal Actions know, 
| 5 Thy Melancholly Trumpet blow ; 
Pierce the Centre with the Sound, 210 
| The Ears of the Atridæ wound ; 
| TWhil/t thou doſt a Tale relate, 
Full of Sorrow, full of Fate ! 


II. How 


210 


0% 


ELECTRA, 47 


II. 


Hou ail their Houſe in wild Diſorder ſtand; ; 
The Children diſunite their friendly Hands ; 
How Electra, wretched Maid, 
Forlorn, t a thouſand Ils betray'd, 
For her Father melts in Tears; 
And a conſtant Sorrow wears : 
As in Sorrow-ſinging ſtrains 220 


t- 


* 
wo 


The Mournful Nightingale complains, 
Fearleſs of Danger and of Dauth, 
SHe would a Vittory obtain; 
World ſee the Two Domeſtick Furies ſlain, 
And in the glorious Gauſe reſign her Breath. 22: 


».4 
4 


Fer who of noble Parents born 
Can l;ue a Slave to Guilt, and impions Sora ? 


III. 


The Well-deſcended and the Great, 

Throw off the vile incumbring weirht 

Of things that would obſcure their Fame, 230 

Aſſert their Glory, and redeem their Name. 

Thou, O noble, wretched Fair ; 

Who haſt a Life of irkſome Woes 

Before diſhoneſt Honours choſe ; 
Thou fhalt double Praiſes wear. 2 
Stand Eternally renoun' d | 


With Juſtice and with Wiſdom cron d. 


4 


1 


IV. 


O may ſt thou live, ſucceed, and grote, 
In ſtrength above the Tyrants ſoar; 


As much as now thou art below, 245 


And cruſh'd by their Injurious Pow'r, 
I've feen thee ſtruggling with thy Fate, 
Inimitably ſhine ; 


Amidſt thy Sorrows reſolutely Great, 


Religious, Conſtant and Divine, 245 


I WA NILS * RN 


ELECTRA 


49 


[CVERVEINSIVIIVYT 


EE I SD IA 
YON AYR CIA IRNDNRY 


a | 


A TTV. SCENE I. 


Oreſtes, Pylades, Electra, Chorus, and Attendants on 
Oreſles. 


Oreft, E Virgins, will your Goodneſs ſet me right, 
u mis- inform'd by Guides, I tread erroneous ? 
C20. Whom do you ſeek, or whither would you go? 
Oreſt. My Search determines in Ægyſthus's Palace. 
Cho. Tuts is the Dome: Accuſe not your Director. 5 
Greft, Which of you will inform the Royal Howe, 
Some Phocian Men have Buſineſs with ZEgy/tbus ? 
Ele, O Heav'ns! are theſe the Meſſengers of Fate, 
Who bring the Proots of the Report we heard? 


Oreſt. I know not what you heard ;—but aged Styo- 
Phi 


10 
Diſpatch'd me here with News about Oreftes. 


Elect, What is it, Stranger? Oh! I ſhake for fear 


Oreſt. In that ſmall Urn we bring the ſmall Remains 
); his Dead Body. 


Ele . 


— 


——O1) my wretched State ! 
Zhen is the meature of my Sorrows full, 

Oreſt. If theie your Tears are for Oreſtes ſhed, - 
Know, that his Un contains the Man you mourn. 
; 1D 


Ele? 


FO ELECT R A. 


' Ele. O then, if ever Pity touch'd your Breaſt, 
Permit me to receive it in theſe Arms ; 
To mourn my Own and His diſaſtrous Fate : 20 
And waſh his Aſhes with unfeigned Tears. 
Oreſt. Whoe'er ſhe be, ſurrender her the Urn; 
She aſks not like a Foe ; but all her Words 
Beſpeak a Friend's Concern, or Kindred Love. 
Eleck. O dear Memoria! of my deareſt Friend, 25 
Ye ſcanty Reliques of Oreſtes; Oh! 
How different from Him my Hopes had form'd; 
From Him I ſent, do I receive you now? 
Diſſolv'd to Duſt, and crumbling into nothing. 
{ ſent you forth a glorious blooming Child; 30 
But, oh, that I had dy'd an hundred times, 
E er thus condemn'd you to a luckleſs Exile! 


Stoll'n from thy Mother's Rage, and ſav'd from 


Slaughter ! 
For on that Day Thou might'ſt have fall'n ſecure ! 
And had a ſhare of Agamemnons Tomb! 35 
Now far from Home, ſtretch'd on a foreign Shore 
You periſhd:— There no Siſter was at hand 
To walh thy cold and ſtiffen'd Limbs, or bear 
A Torch to kindle up thy fun'ral Flame. 
But dreſs'd by Stranger's Hands at length you come, 40 
A little Body in a little Urn. 
Alas! My' unprofitable nurſing Cares, 


The buſie Offices J paid your Youth, | 


My pleaſing Labours o'er your Infant Years 
Ae come to nought. Electra rear d thee up, 45 


3 Ai 


r I. RE NT EE PIT 2 


om 


35 


40 


4) 


E LE:C-T-& i. Fx 


And with her Fondneſs eas'd th' Attendants, Taſk ; 
View'd thee with Joy above thy Mother's Raptures, 
And prov'd thy Siſter in diſtinguiſh'd Paſſion. 

But one curſt Day has mow'd down all my Labours; 
And, like a Whirlwind, ſwept their Mem'ry hence, 50 
And Thee with them. —My Father went before: 
Now I am dead to thee, and thou to me, 

Our Foes inſult; our Mother, in contempt 

Of Nature, triumphs and grows mad with pleaſure. 
On whom, I long have fed deluſive Hopes 55 
That thou would'ſt come, and reap the Vengeance due. 
But Fate has fruſtrated the juſt Event, 

And mock'd my Expectations with thy Duſt ; 

O weight of Sorrow! Moſt untimely Change! 
Unhappy Progreſs ! and Deſtructive Games! CE 
How haſt thou kill'd thy Siſter, poor Oreſtes “ 
Receive me therefore to thy little Houſe, 

Like Thee, a ſhadow; ſo may We converſe, 

And meet below to mourn our mutual Suff rings. 


For whilſt Thou wert on Earth, my Soul partook 6; 


Of all thy Pleaſures, griev'd in all thy Pains : 


And therefore would I die and ſhare thy Tomb; 
For all is Peace, all Quiet in the Grave. 
Cho. O think, Electra, on your Mortal State; 
Think too, Oreſtes, like your felt was Mortal; 70 


And let that calm your Sorrows. Death's a debt 


( All owe to Nature, all at times muſt pay. 


Oreſt. What ſhall I ſay 2=My Boſom ſwells for vent; 
And I'm no longer Maſter of my Tongue, 


D 2 | Elect. 


—.— N 1 4 4 ww 


And ſay, ſhe's not my Mother. 


72 ELECTRA; 


Eleff, Whence is th' Oppreſſion of your heaving 
Breaſt ? 75 

Oreſt. Is That, Electra's celebrated Face! 

Elect. This is her Face; but all its Charms are dead. 

Oreſt. Curſe on the Suff rings that have ſpoil'd thy 
Beauty 

Elect, How can my Griefs from thee deſerve this 
Pity ? 

Oreſt. O beauteous Form, conſum'd and worn with 
Sorrows |! 80 


Elect. All your Complaints will centre in this Wretch. 


Oreſt. To waſte her Youth in Virgin Solitude! 

Elect. Why doſt thou look upon Me thus, and ſigh? 

Oreſt. I was a ſtranger to my Griets till now. 

Fleet, And can you ſee them by Reflection here? 85 

Oreſt. J ſee thee vext with unexampled Wrongs. 

Zlect. You fee but little of the Ills I bear. 

Oreft. Can Sorrow furniſh out a Scene more dread- 
ful ? 

Elec. Yes; to be forc'd to dwell with Murtherers, 

Oreſt. Of whom? 

Elec. My Father: Forc'd to be their Slave. 90 

Oreſt. Who is the Author of this Cruel Force? 

Elect. One whoſe fell Actions give the Lye to Na- 
ture; 


Creſt. — —But, the Means? 


Does ſhe by ſtrong Compulſion bow you down, 
Or ſavagely withdraw your Life's ſupport 2? 2 
| Elec. 


-If 


O 


TT 73 


Fiefl, By all th Extremes her Impious Heart can 
think 
She gives me Woe; 
Creſt. — Is no Protector near ? 
Elec. None; He, that would have been, c here 
in Duſt. 
Creſt, My Heart is wounded with your helpleſs State. 
Ee, Thou only haſt with kind Compaſſion view d 
me. i 100 
Oreſt. I only feel the ſympathetick Fain; 
Elet, Doſt thou to Ties of Blood owe thy Com- 
paſſion? 
Oreſt. Might I confide my Fortunes with theſe Malds, 
You then ſhould learn | 
Elect. Their Faith is bound to Me. 
Oreſt. Set down the Urn, and you ſhall hear my 
Story. 105 
Elect. Now, by the Gods, let me poſſeſs this Treaſure 
Oreſt. Be counſell'd, Maid; you will not err in this. 
Flect. By all the Honours of your Birth, I beg ; 
Force not thele dear Remains from my Embrace, 
Oreſt. You muſt not keep them. 
Eleff. ————O increaſe of Woe! IID 


If Tm deny'd to bury thee,” Oreſtes. 


Oreſt, Auſpicious ſpeak, your Sorrow is not juſt. 
Elect. Dol not juſtly mourn my Brother's Death? 
Oreſt. The Word is out of time; forbear theſe Sounds, 
leck. Am I not worthy then to mourn his Fate? 115 
Oreſt. Of nought unworthy ; but your Sorrows err. 
D 3 Elect. 


174 ELECTRA 


Elect. What, when I bear his Aſhes in my Hands? 
Oreſt. You only carry his imagin'd Duſt. 
Elect. Ah! where is then the wretched Youth in- 
terr'd ? 
Oreſt. No where—the Living covet not a Grave. 12 
Elect. Is He alive? 
Oreſt. He is, if J am 10. 
Elect. And art thou He? 
Oreſt. Behold my Father's Signet; 
And know your Brother from the happy proof. 
Elect. Oh bleſſed Day ! 
Oreſ?. I join to bleſs it with thee. 
" Elett. And do I hear thee ſpeak ? 
Oreſt. Diſtruſt not, Maid. 12 
Elect. Do my Arms hold thee ? 
Oreſt. May they ever do ſo, 
Elect. My dear Companions, do you ſee Oreſtes ; 
Reviving by thoſe Arts that ſpoke him dead? 
Cho. I ſee, O Virgin, and the ſudden Joy 


21 


Trickles in tears of pleaſure from my Eyes. 130 
Elect. O thou lov'd Off- ſpring of my much lov'd 
Sire, | 


You're come, you've found a long expecting Friend. 


You're come, you've ſeen whom long you wiſh'd to 


ſee ! 
Oreſt. Lm come; but ſpeak not with ſo loud a Joy. 
Elect. Wherefore? | 
Oreſt, ——Leaſt They within o'er-hear your Tran- 


ſports. 135 
Elec i. 


K 


Wl 


Bui 


135 
Cleft. 


FLELECTR 4 xy 


E1,8. But by Diana, the unconquer'd Maid, 
Electra will not condeſcend to fear 
What Women's Impotence can do againſt Us. 
Oreſt. Remember, Women have their Martial Hom: ! 
Elect. Oh! you have ſet before my Eyes afreſh 140 
The glaring Image of my Father's Wrongs ; 
An ever-living Scene of Villany, 
Ne'er to be expiated, ne'er forgot 
Oreſt. I know our Wrongs, and at a proper Hour 


You hall relate the mournful Tale entire. 145 
Elect. It is a Theme will ſuit with ev'ry time, 


But moſt with this; for at this preſent Hour 


L have regain'd the liberty of Speech. 


Oreſt. Be ſtudious to preſerve what you've regain'd ; 
Fleft, Row? 
Oreſt. ——By reſtraining theſe extatick Joys. 159 
Elec. Who could be ſilent in a Joy like mine? 
Who, ſmother the big Rapture, thus tranſported ? 


| When I bchold thee in a glad Surprize 


As risn from Death, and by a Wonder reſcu'd ! 
Oreſt. You ſaw me, when the Gods firſt bad me 
come. | 155 
Ele, My Joys encreaſe with ev'ry Word thou ſpeak'ſt, 
And thy laſt Accents yield ſuperior pleaſure. 
For if the Gods inſtructed thy return, 
Kind Heav'n concerns it ſelf in our Diſtreſs ; 


And ſure will proſper what it ſelf began. 169 


Oreſt. I would indulge the Tranſports of your Joy, 
But fear they're too exceſſive to be ſafe; 
D 4 Elect. 


—— ; l av", 


56 Lr 


Elect. Since after ſuch a painful Age of abſence, 
At length you come to bleſs my longing Eyes; 104 
That have been quench'd with Sorrow, do not now— 
Oreſt. What muſt I not? 
Elect, Deprive me of the Joy, 
Th unmeaſur'd Joy, I feel in gazing on Thee ! 
Oreſt. J will not, Siſter ; 'twould diſpleaſe me much, 
Should any one attempt 1n that to wrong Thee, 
Elec. And does my fondneſs pleaſe Thee? 
Ore/t, — Should It not? 170 
leck. O Friends, I heard the dreadſul Tale of Death; 
Then my ſtrong Paſſion was without a Voice, 
Compell'd to hear, nor ſuffer'd to lament. 
ut now I hold Thee; and thy lovely Form, 
Yiicle Image Sorrow could not er eraſe, 17 
With cordial Smiles revives my fainting Soul. 
Creſt, O ſtop this wild career of ſwelling Plea- 
jure! 
For tell me now my Mother's impious Decds ; 
| Nor how Zgy/thus drains my Father's Houſe; 
| Squanders his Wealth, and riots in his Subſtance. 
Th' untimely Speech would hinder our Deſign ; 
| Rather inſtruct the courſe of my Revenge. 
1 Shall we with open force ruſh boldly on them! 
| Or by a licens'd Fraud deceive our Focs, 
And ſuddenly ſurprize them into Ruin? 
But, Oh, take heed ; Suppreſs your ſtruggling Joy : 
Nor let your Mother trace its infant Pleaſure: | 
Sill wear the Sorrow which you did before, 


* 


3 


129 | 


185 


5 


An: 


ELECTRA. 77 


And, for my Death ſuppos'd, Diſſembling Sigh; 
When Fate has crown'd us with th' Events we 
wiſh, 198 

Then may we ſmile, and give a Looſe to Joy. 

Electra. O Brother, ſtill your Pleaſure ſhall be mine; 
For all my Pleaſure takes its Riſe from you, 
No Comforts has Electra from her ſelf ! 
Nor would I rob you of a Moment's Eaſe, 195 
To purchaſe to my ſelf the greateſt Joy. 
or ſhould my Tranſports ſtop your glorious Aims, 
They would affront the now aſliſting Pow'rs. 
You know th' Affairs within, and have been told 
Xgy/thus is not there; my Mother is. 200 
Bat harbour not a Thought, that ſhe ſhall e're 


' Behold a Tranſport kindle on this Cheek; 


Hate ſhall controul and daſh each riſing Pleaſure, 

And ev'n beholding Thee, my Tears afreſh 

Shall ſtream for Joy: For how ſhould I forbear, 205 
Who in the Space of one ſhort Morn have ſeen Thee 
Dead and alive, Miraculous Surprize ! 

Should my Dead Father now return from Eatth, 

{ ſhould not wonder but believe my Senſe. 

Since then ſo unexpected thou att come, 210. 
Perform the Work which elſe was doom'd for Me, 
For e're you came, my Soul had entertain'd 

Reſolves of Vengcance, with a glorious View 


Of noble Freedom, or of noble Death, 


Oreſt. But ſoft:— For Some Approach us from 
within ; 215 
Dx Fleet: 


TP Wa. 
87 | 
W \ ”P 
|; —— * 8 p 

TY 


78 E LE C RA. 


Eleft. Strangers, go in, — Ve Meſſengers of things 
None can refuſe, yet none with Joy receive. 


S e 


ez; Scans; I; 


Governor, Oreſtes, Pylades, Attendants, Electra and 
Chorus, 


Gov, Loſt to Wiſdom, and all prudent Thoughts ! 
Have you abandon'd all Concern for Life ? 


Shook Hands with Reaſon, and bid Fate defiance ? 220 

Who ſtand not near, but in the midſt of Dangers, 

And T hoſe the greateſt too, yet know it not? 

For had not I ſecur'd theſe outward Gates, 

Employ'd their Ears, and guarded ev'ry Senſe ; 

Your Meaſures had, by this, been all betray'd. 225 

But I have cover'd you as yet with Care, 

Wherefore give o'er theſe talkative Delays ;- 

And this inſatiate Burſt of noiſy Joy: 

And Enter ſtrait : For in Attempts like theſe 

Delays are Ill, when Deeds require Diſpatch. 2.30 
Oreſt. Are all things ready to receive me there? 
Gov. All, all; nor can they know you: 
Oreſt. | Then you told | 

The neceſſary Tale of my Deceaſe. 1 
Gov. Beſure, you're dead to all the World but Us. : 


Oreſt, 


how? 235 
Gov. Suſpend the long Recital till anon; 
For all Jooks well within, yet all's not well. 
Elect. For Heav'n's ſweet ſake, Oreſtes, who is this? 
Oreſt. Know you not Him? 


Elect, I cannot call to Mind. 

Oreſt. Have you forgot to whom you once bequeath'd 
me? 240 

Elect. Whom do you mean? 

Oreſt.— By whoſe officious Hands 


Your Love convey'd me to the Phocian Land? 
Elect. Is this that only faithful Man. I found, 
Durſt aid th' Afflicted when my Father fell? 
Oreſt. He is; at preſent ſeek no farther Proof, 245; 
Ele. O Bleſſings on thy Head, thou great Support 
Of Agamemnons Houſe ! And art thou He 
Redeem'd us from ſuch Ills ? O let me kiſs 


Thoſe Hands, and kneel t'embrace thoſe aiding Feet. 
How could you keep your ſelf ſo long conceal'd? 250 


Or how my Eyes miſtake you, tho diſguis'd 2 

Your Words were cruel, but your Works were kind; 
111 was your News, but friendly its Defign : 

Hail, Father! (for I ſee my Father in you,) 


Hail! Never was a Man in one ſhort Day 25 5 


So much deteſted, and ſo much ador' d. 
Gov, Enough of Praiſe ; until the circling Hours 
Inform you farther how we have deſery'd; 
And teach you all the Series of our Fortunes, 
D 6 But 


KERETRE = 


Oreſt. Did they with Raptures hear the News, or 


ma 7 
' = 
— 3 : Ly —— N 


60 E. 
But now I turn my ſelf to you, my Prince; 200 
Tis time for Action; Clytemneſtra's now 
Alone without her Guard; if you omit 
| This happy Moment, think you will be drove 
[| T' encounter Numbers arming in her Reſcue. 
Oreſt. The preſent Buſineſs wants no more De- 
bate ; | | 265 
But, oh! my Pylades, let's haſte to Action: 
Thus bending to theſe genial Pow'rs for Aid, 
Who grace the Portal, and protect the Dome. 
(Exeunt Oreſtes, Pylades and Governor. 


CbTb0T0T0T0T0T0T0T0b 
ACT IV. Scexs II. 
Electra and Chorus. 


Elect King Apollo, hear Them when they pray; 
And Me with them; who with a bounteous 

Hand | 270 

Have ever, to my Pow'r, adorn'd thy Shrine. 

And now, O Lycian God, proſtrate, with Awe, 

[ blels thy Godhead ; and implore thy Favour ; | 

| Aſſiſt the righteous Vengeance now in hand, 

| And ſhew Mankind with what deteſting Eyes 275 


4 


The Gods bchold and puniſh Guiky Morta)s ! | 


ACT 


L 61 


ACT IV. ScENE IV. 


CHORUS. 
* 


ho. See where the God of Battle ſtalks, 
Breathing Diſcord, foaming Blood ; 
Thro' all the guilty Haunts he walls; 
Th avenging Furies at his Heels provoke 280 
The Deſtin'd Stroke, 
No more to be avoided, or withſtood. 
_ Fer Horror now the Scene does draw, 
Which my prophetick Soul fore ſavu. 


II. 


Agamemnon's Sade appeaſe 285 
With ſilent Steps behold rhe Son, 

Beneath the guilty Roof is gone; 

And ſee ! the vengeful Sword he brandiſhes ! 


9 Nlaja's Sen Attendance pays, 
And wrapt in Clouds the Youth conveys; 290 
e Male he the Taſk of Fate oleys, 


Unknowing of Delays, 
ACT: V. 


62 SS OEACTISX 


8 
e 


KAV. Serin I. 


Electra and Chorus. 


cf. AIT with attentive Silence, deareit 
| Maids ; 
For ftrait they will atchieve the Work of Horror. 
Cho. Oh, how do they proceed ? 
Elect. = — While ſhe prepares 
The Cuſtomary Banquet to allay 
The Sorrow of her Son's imagin'd Death ; 
They preſs around her, watchful ;—— 
Cho. — Wherefore then 
Did you come forth? 
Elect. To guard againſt Surprizc, 
And give em notice, ſhould Ægyſthus come. 
Cly. within.) O fatal Hour! ſome Help — I am 
beſet ; 
Naked of Friends, and cover'd with Deſtroyers ! 10 
Elect. What Shrieks are thoſe? Did you not hear 
em, Friends? 


. 


C 7 ON 


god 


5 


'ON 


ELLE CTA-of, 63 


Cho, I heard the frightful Cry, and ſhake with 
Horror. 
Cly. within.) Confuſion! O Ægyſthus, O! where are 
you? a 
Elect. The Noiſe grows louder. 
| Cly. within, O my Son, my Son, 
Have Pity on thy Mother! 


Elec. — Thou had'ſt none 15 
On Him, or on his bleeding Father — 
Cho. — — — 0h 


O wretched City ! O difaſtrous Race! 
Death and Deſtruction lay thy Princes waſte ! 
Cly. within.) Oh! I am hurt: 


Elect. Repeat, repeat the Blow. 
Cly. within. ] Alas! for Mercy 
Elect.. — Oh, that curſt Ægyſthus, 20 


Caught in the Toil, did groan like Thee defenceleſs! 
Cho. The potent Execrations are fulfill'd! 
The long Deceas'd revive; and drain the Blood 


Of thoſe whoſe Hands were once embrued in Slaugh- 
ter! 


64 ELECTRA. 


S eee eee eee eee 


A T V. Ser II. 


Electra, Oreſtes, Pylades, Artendants and Chorus, 


Elect. DEH OLD they come! And their diſcolour'd 
Hands 
Drop with the crimſon Sacrifice of Mars / 
Speak, my Oreſtes, how ſucceeds our Caule 27 
Oreſt. All's well within; unleſs the God deceive : 
The Wretch is dead; nor need you longer fear, 
Your Mother's Pride ſhall e're inſult you more. $5 
Cho. No'more ;—-for, lo! ZFzayfthas is in ſight. 
Elect. O yet retire; He comes as you could wiſh; 
He comes in Triumph from his rural Sports: 
Aud unſuſpeting Joy glows on his Cheek. 
Cho. Therefore with ſpeed retire, e're he behold: 35 
And ſince Auſpicious Fate has led the way, 
Compleat the Work you have ſo well begun. 
Creſt. Fear not; Succeſs ſhall crown u 
Flect. — —}yt, retire. 
Greſt. J go 


t4 


- 
* 


(Oreſtes, Pylades, and Attendants reiie, 
Elect.. -= Ind leave the Buſineſs here to me. 
Cho. Twere fit a while we entertain the Tyrant 49 
With courteous Accents, and diſſembled Meckneſs; 
To win him on, and ſooth him into Ruine. 
| A $95 Y, 


* #4 


Let all Mycene, nay all Argos ſee: 60 


£ AL ECT:X.#: 65 


SUGAR ESRI ESE 27 
ACT v. Scexs III. 


Egyſthus, Electra, and Chorus. 


Fg. XV O can inform Us where thoſe Phocrans 
are, 

Who bring the Tydings how Crehes periſh'd, 

Thrown from his Chariot in the Y hian Games? 45 

You, I ſuppoſe; whoſe daring Inſolence | 

Till now has liv'd in Him: You, I ſuppoſe, 

As moſt concern'd, can give the beſt Account. 

Elect. Too well, I can; for how ſhould I but know 
The deareſt Accident, which cculd befal me ? 50 
Agyſt. Inſtruct Us quickly where the Strangers are. 
Eleft. Within; They meet a kind Reception there. 

AXzy/t. Do they bring certain News, that He is 
dead? | 
Elect. They do not tell it, but they ſhew him Dead. 
Egyſt. May we then witneſs to it with our 
Eyes? i 5 5 
Elect. Lou may behold the Spectacle of Horror! 
Eg. I never joy'd to hear Thee ſpeak till now! — 
Elect, Be pleas'd, if things like theſe can give you 
Pleaſure. 
Fg. Be ſilent, and ſet open all the Gates; 


my 


11 


fd ST 


If any one encourag'd empty Hopes, 
Let him behold the Carcaſs of this Man; 
And bend him to my Pow'r ; nor hence preſume 
With diſobedient Pride to wake my Wrath. 

Elect. 1 will obey your Orders. for at length 65 
I've learnt Submiſſion ; and muſt ſtoop to Pow'r. 


ACT V. Sein IV. 


SCENE opening diſcovers the Body of Clytemneſtra 
cover d; Oreſtes, Pylades, and Attendants round it, 
ZEgyſthus, Electra and Chorus. 


Agzvft. By Heav'n, He's falln; nor undeſerv'd his 
Fate ! | 
But, if my Words trangreſs, I ſay no more. 
Take from his Face the Veil, that I may pay 
My debt of Sorrow o'er my Kinſman's Body 70 
Oreſt. Your ſelf unveil it; it belongs to You, 

Firſt to behold and mourn the Friend's Diſaſter, 
Agyſt. You well adviſe, and I'll obey your Counſel; 
Let ſome go call my Clytemneſtra forth. — 

Org: She's near you; look not any where, but here— 
(Uncovers the Body. 
Zgy/t. Death to my Eyes 
Oreſt, Of what are you afraid? 


Ate 


's 


ELECTRA. 67 


Are you a Stranger to your Conſort's Face? 
Agyſt. In whoſe damn'd Snares am I unhappy 
fall'n? 
Oreſ#, Do you but now begin to apprehend 
You've parly'd with the Man, imagin'd Dead? 80 
Zgyſt. Alas! Iunderſtand the vaunting Speech, 
And fear Oreſtes ſpoke it. 
Oreſt. Boaſt thy ſelf 
No more a Prophet, who ſo long haſt err'd ! 
Zgvy/t. I feel, I am undone ; but give me leave 
To argue for a while. 
Fleck. Now, by the Gods, 85 
Permit him not to waſte the time in Words, 
What can a ſhort Reprieve from Death import, 
Perplex'd with Fears, and lengthen'd out with Pain ! 
Diſpatch the Villain ſtrait ; and let them throw 
His Body forth, a Prey to Dogs and Vultures ?!= go 
Far from our ſight : For this alone remaines 
To cure my Sorrows, and conclude our Vengeance, 
Oraſt. No more delay of Words; but Enter there ;= 


Jou are not now to argue, but to die. 


Agyſt. But wherefore Enter there? if Honour 
ſtrikes, 95 
Why thould you ſhame to give the Blow in publick ? 
Oreſt. Contend not with thy Doom; but ſtrait obey ; 
For where you kill'd my Father, Thou ſhalt die. 
Agyſt. This Houſe ſhall be the future Scene of 
Death, | 
And drink the Blood of all the Race of Pelops,—— 100 
Oreſt. 


68 EL. 


Or. Thine it ſhall drink; J dare foretel thee, Tyran 
AgvF. Your Sire had no ſuch Talent of Prediction 
Creſt. Your Speech offends ; and I delay too long, 


60 ON — 
AFzv/t, But lead the way. 
Oreſt. —— -No ; thou ſhalt lead: 104 


Azv/t. Do you ſuſpect I ſhould eſcape your Wrath 
Oreft, Heav'n guard my Vengeance from a fear 114c 
that ! | | 
But I would rob Thee of Content in Death, 
And make it bitter in each Circumſtance. 
Did Juſtice thus purſue the Sinner cloſe, 
Nor lag with lazy Steps behind the Crime; 110 
The World would then be frighted into Virtue. 
(Goes in, driving Ægyſthus te- | 


5 fore him.) 

4 Cho. O Seed of Atreus, how haſt thou been croſs'd ! 

iq Thro' what Varieties of Anguiſh toſt! 

q Till late, with fern Attempts, the Vengeful Sword 
| Has Peace and baniſh'd Liberty reſtor'd, 115 

7 F t N F. 
. i 
0 ; 

© EE | 
3 WV WY, . 
| | | t 


3 — 2 


1 


ra 
5 


ELECT RA- 


HE. Subject of this Tragedy is the Re- 
turn of Oreſtes from Phocis to Argos, 
and his Revenge of his Father's Mur- 
ther in the Death of Ægyſthus and Cly- 
temneſtra. But the Poet did not think 
fit to give this Poem a Title from that 
important Incident, which makes its Cataſtrophe ; but 
rather choſe to call it Electra. This Lady was the El- 
der Siſter of Oreſtes, and who (when their Father Aga- 
nemnon, on his Return from Troy, was inhumanly 
Murther'd by his own Wife Clytemneſtra and her Para- 
mour Zzy/thus;) was the Inſtrument of ſecuring her 


tender Brother from the Rage of the Murtherers , by 
conveying him to Strophius, King of Phocis, thro' the 
Care of a faithful and ſecret Servant. Clytemneſtra 
and Agyſthus, after Agamemion's Death, poſleſling 

Themſelves 


70 Notes upon ELECTRA. 


Themſelves of the Government of Argos, ſlipp'd no Op- 
portunities of expreſſing their Reſentment towards E- 
lectra for this Action. 

The Poet in Her Character has labour'd to expreſs 
her Miſeries with vaſt Variety: And given her the true 
Features of an Heroick Daughter thro' the whole Poem. 
All her Sentiments give a freſh Subject for Admiration ; 
and ſhe is equally Wonderful, in her ſtrong and impla- 
cable Reſentments againſt her Father's Murtherers ; in 
her Impatience for Oreſtes to come and revenge him; 
in her exceſſive Sorrows for her Brother's ſuppos'd Di- 
faſter ; in her Tranſports, when ſhe comes to know he 
is living ; and in her Zeal, for the performance of his 
Revenge when once on foot. 

I ſhall take Notice of the artful Conſtitution of this 
Tragedy, in my following Notes on the ſeveral Acts; 
and what a natural Foundation there is for the re- 
ſpective Incidents, which are prepared without being 
foreſeen. 

The Subject of Ægyſthus and Clytemneſtra's Death 
employ'd the Pens of the three great Greek Tragedians ; 
but they are all ſo different in the Diſpoſition of the 
ſame Stories, that I believe (with Monſieur Hedelin, in 
his Whole Art of the Stage ;) they were the Cauſe, of 
that Grand Diſorder and Confuſion there is in Story and 
Chronology in thoſe old Times: Becauſe that They, 
having chang'd both the Times and Events for their 
own Ends, have influenc'd ſome Hiſtorians, who thought 
to pick out of them the truth of Story, and ſo made 
all things uncertain. Any Body that will read the E- 
lectra of Euripides, this of Sophocles, and the Caphors 
of Æſchylus, will eafily ſee that They made no diffi- 
one of contradicting one another, nor even Them- 

elves, 


Notes 


XU" RETRY” wy RR” _ hs 


2 hoy eſs — as 


ores 


Notes upon ELECTRA. 71 


Notes upon the Firſt ACT. 


Verſe 1. Governor.] He ſupports the Part of a very 
uſeful Protatick ; and by him the Poet has artfully ex- 
plain'd to the Audience the Place of the Scene, AMycenæ in 
Argos; the Time when theAcion commences, the break 
of Day; the manner he receiv'd Oreſtes from his Siſter 
Electra, to be convey'd to Phocts; and Pylades's ac- 


companying of Oreſtes, from Phocis, in his Return to 
Argos. 


V. 6. Of Inachus's 


Daughter.) whoſe Name was 


Jo: But her Story having no manner of Relation to 


the preſent Poem, I ſhall refer the Reader for it to my 
Prometheus of Æſchylus, which will ſhortly be publiſh'd, 
where there is ample Occaſion for touching her Hiſtory 
in many Circumſtances, 

V. 8. Glorious God of Day.] The original has it 28 
AvxoxTovy beg, of the Wolfj-deſtroying God; but I was 
of Opinion, this Epithet would make no very beau- 
tiful Appearance in Exgliſu; and therefore was not 
oblig'd (according to Horace) verbum verbo reddere. 
Beſides, that I do not remember the Story of Apollo's 
deſtroying the Wolves; any farther than as Mr. Lloyd, 
in his Lexicon Hiſtorico-Poeticum, ſays, (on the Word, 
Lycins) that there was an Oracle of the Lycian Apollcy 
quia in Lycia maxime clarus fuit ob Luporum interfectio- 
nem. Or, perhaps, he obtain'd the Epithet from the 
Wolf's being ſacrific'd to him, as a Beaſt obnoxious to 
his Diſpleaſure, who wasthe God of the Shepherds. Or 
again, if we will learn the Truth from Triclinius (one of 
the Scholiaſts,) on this Paſlage ; it will come very near 
my Tranſlation of it: For, he ſays, Apollo is to be con- 
fider'd allegorically as the Sun ; who by his preſence 
and refulgence extinguiſhes the Daun, which reſembles 


the 


72 Notes upon ELECTRA. 


the Colour of a Wolf, (23 Axe, ) and therefore is cal- 
led in Greek, To» Avxzo@ws. | 

V. 9. Juno's aweful Temple ;} The Greek ſays, her 
famous Temple; and Sophocles very ſkillfully takes no- 
tice of a Temple to her there, becauſe Argos (as like- 
wife Mycene, Sparta, Samos. Cc.) was peculiarly ſacred 
to Juno. 


— in Junonis Honorem 
Aptum dicit equis Argos, diteſque Mycenas. 


fays Horace; thoſe who are curious of knowing her 
Claim to this Region, may conſult Nat. Com, l. 8. 
cap. 22. * 

v. 16. And, you, Pylades.] A ſtalking Prince would 
make but a very odd Figure on our Theatre, however 
the Alute Character was reliſh'd by the Athenians, So- 
phocles has not given this Prince leave to open his 
Mouth; Æſchylus indeed in his Cœphoræ, has fo far 
complimented his Quality, as to make him ſpeak three 
Verſes: And Euripides, who, in his Electra, has ty'd the 
Tongue of Pylades, even when he had that Lady given 
him by her Brother, to Wife; has in ſome meaſure made 
him amends in his Oreſtes and Iphig. Jaurica, in both 
which he ſpeaks, as well as acts, like a Prince and a 
Friend. 

V. 54. Mean while, as the Great]! The learned Dr. 
Potter, in his Antiquities of Greece, has inadvertently run 
into more than one Error on this Paſſage: For quoting 
it, he takes notice, That Electra in Sophocles ſays , 
« That Agamemnon had commanded her and Chry/- 
« hemis to dedicate their Hair to his Tomb; and there- 
fore thus he tranſlates it, 


« With Drink-Off rings and Locks of Hair, we mult 
« According to his Will his Tomb adorn, 


Now 


=, A&D. Fo tout: a> .> 


— 
rd 


W 


reſtes to ſtay on the Stage to be ſatisfy'd in Electra's Cauſe 


Notes upon ELECTRA. 73 


Now, in the firſt place, this is not ſpoken by era to 
her Siſter, bur by Oreſtes to Pylades. And this Error 
betray'd him into a worſe Miſtake in the Verſion ; tor 
{ ws epi which he renders (according to bis Will } 
meaning Agamemnon's, has not the leaſt Regar't to A- 
gamemnon, but directly to Apollo; as any learned Ex- 
aminer may fatisfy himſelf. Aft opere in tanto fas «ft 
ovrepere ſomnum. 
V. 68. Oft have I heard.) The Schohaft thinks So- 
phocies had an Eye to the Story concerning Pythagoras, 
told by Hermippus in Diog. Laertins;) „ That when 
*© he came to ſtaly, he made a private Room under 
Ground; and having cauſed a Report to be ſpread of 
his Death, he hid himſelf in that Room, ordering his 
Mother to let him down Meat privately from time 
to time, with an Account in writing of all Affairs 
that happen'd in Crotona, and the Places about. Af— 
ter a time He comes abroad, pretending to be riſen 
from the Dead, and tells all the Things that had hap- 
pen'd ſince his ſuppos'd Death, as if he had learnt 
„them in the other World. Which Project procur'd 
him a mighty Authority. Tertullian, in his Book of the 
Soul, gives the ſame Account of this Story; only adds 
this Particular, That he ſtay'd under Ground ſeven 
Years. Tis not improbable, that Sophocles might have 
an Eye to this Story, as a thing not very diſtant from 
his own Age: But that Oreſtes, who ſpeaks, ſhould do 
ſo too, would be to make him guilty of an Anachro- 
niſm with a Vengeance. Therefore I am inclin'd to 


cc 
cc 
cc 
cc 
«c 
cc 
cc 


cc 


ſuppoſe, it may have a Reference to UlyJes more pro- 


perly; but to this the Scholiaſt will object, & 4 i- 


| Te4%)%t Ti To!gTov Od vo, there no ſuch thing happen'd 


to Ulyſſes: No, he did not hide under Ground for a 
Seaſon; but he was long ſuppos'd dead at Ithaca, and 


roſe upon them ſuddenly from Obſcurity to Splendor. 


V. 90, Appeaſe, invoke, | This is one Mark of the 
Poet's Art in his Scezary, that he will not permit Ore- 


of 


74 Notes upon ELECTRA. 


of Sorrow; for then the Diſcovery of his Return would 
be too early: But he clears the Scene, not only to 
make room for Eleftra's Complaints to herſelf; but 
hkewiſe by ſending Oreſtes to make Oblations at his 
Father's Tomb, prepares a Remembrance which can- 
not be foreſeen, and which he has reſery'd for the open- 
ing of his Third Act. 

V. 165. And how, Iphianaſſa] Triclinius upon this 
Place ſays, that Euripides and the other Poets, mean one 
Perſon by 1phigenia and Iphianaſſa: That the Latin 
Poets, as well as the Greek, con found theſe two Names, 
is plain from theſe Lines of Lucretius, 


Aulide quo pacto Trivial Virgins: aram 
Iphianaſſai turparunt ſanguine fade 
Dudctores, Danaum delecti, prima virorum. 


But then the Commentators are ſtagger'd to know, why 
the Poet ſhould make the Chorus mention Ihianaſſa, 
or Iphigenia, who was now at Diana's Shrine in Taurs : 
But Triclinius ſays, the Chorus mention her tho' abſent 
from Mycene, with the fame Reaſon they do Oreſtes ; 
who, as they thought, was at Phocis. I muſt confeſs, I 
do not pretend to be certain whom the Poet here in- 
tends by Ihianaſſa: But I think, with Submiſſion to 
Triclinias, Sophocles did not here mean Tphigenia : For 
twould be very abſurd to ſuppoſe Tphigenza in a living 
Capacity of mourning for her Father, when in the firſt 
Scene of the ſecond Act, Clytemneſtra excuſes her Mur- 
ther of Agamemnon, as a juſt Reprizal upon him, for 
facrificing her Daughter Iphigenia on Diana's Altar at 
Ault | 
V. 171. Debarr'd of Wedlock,] The Poet throughout 
this Tragedy, in many Places, infinuates the Hardſhip 
upon Electra, of being denied the Privilege of Marry- 
ing; and makes her complain to Chryſothemis, that 
Ag yſihus would never ſuffer them to propagate a Race 
to lus Deſtruction, Luripides makes Agy/thus 7 
1 er 


1 ao es 


Out 
ſhip 
rry- 
that 
ace 


arry 


her 


Notes upon ELECTRA. 77 


Her to a Perſon who boatts of his Family, but is de- 
cay'd in his Fortunes. Some, who favour Seppocte;'s 
Opinion, will have her derive her Name from her Sin- 
gle State, quaſi aaixlegy, i. e. ſine Thalamo. Alian in 
his Varzous Hiſtory informs us, that Xanuthus, the Lyric% 
Poet, fays her firſt Name was Laadice; but, that at 
ter Agamemnon's Murthcr, aX:x7ggy &rav x U ng d 
Ta20yoy Agyaor HA EXLMETHY, 01% TO EHHCEY dg, 
un Yee, ,x, Axles, growing old in Virginity, the 
Argives call'd her Electra, becauſe of her living without 
an Huſband. 

V. 184. Oz Criſa's verdant Shore.) Criſſa, or Criſa, 
was a Town of Phocis near the Coriuthian Bay; which 
from its Neighbourhood to that Town, was call'd $175 
Criſſæus. 

V. 195. And fed with Oſſals.] The Greek is ue⁰αẽ, 
0 bels. regt Css, I am ſet at empty Tables. 

V. 332. Chryſothemis approach.] Sophocles has part- 
ly introduced the Character of Chryſothemis, a Lady 
of a mild and condeſcending Temper, to heighten the 
more manly and ſtubborn Sentiments of Electra, as He 
does again the Part of Iſinene in his Antigone. But the 
Entrance of Chry/orheme is likewiſe very artful, and ne- 
cellary to the carrying on the Plot of the Play: For as 
Clytemneſtra's ugly Dream naturally requir'd Expiations 
to avert its Horrors, ſo her ſending Chry/orheme to 
make Oblations at Agamemnon's Tomb, eaſily prepares 
the firſt Remembrance and Suggeſtion of Oreſtes's Re— 
turn, by her finding a Lock of his Hair on the Monu- 
ment, and Signs of other cuſtomary Honours paid to 
the Sepulchre. 6 

V 398. Subterranean Priſon, | It was a Cuſtom with 
the Ancients, when they would make away with any 
one, and not be polluted (as they thought) with his 
Blood ; to ſhut him up in a dark Cavern, and there leave 
him to die. I will give a Confirmation of this by one 
Example out of own Author: Creon having actually 
condemn'd Antigone to the ſame Puniſhment with which 

E Electra 


76 Notes upon ELECTRA. 


Electra is here threatned, waſhes his Hands of her Blood; 
ſay ing, 


oY \ * \ \ #\ \ 
"Het; 78 aryvor Ter THU Thy ug lo, 


Upon which the Scholiaſt comments thus, (2s 
E,] 78 ®ovs 18 Snc's, S Th e Keeviv aw | lus 
ng Hue , 

V. 465. To diſarm Reſentment;] Theſe Words I have 
added in Explanation of a very odd Cuſtom, alluded 
to by the Poet. If any one kill d another treacherouſly, 
he ſtrait cut off all the extreme Parts of the outmoſt 
Members of the Party flain, and ſewing or tying them 

together, wore them under his Arm-pits ; as an Amu- 
let or Spell to prevent the Furies from haunting the 
Murtherer. And they believed, that having part of the 
* murther'd Body in their Power, as an Hoſtage, to do 
what they would with; the Ghoſt of the Party would 
not offer to meddle with them ; or elſe would ſpare 


the Bearer, for Love of the Carriage. The Pieces, i. 
thus cut off, they call'd 4axew7ye4%, and arvgyux)a, Or h 
EZd2/u%)% AS in Apollonins : And the Action of fo ir 
Mutilating the Perſon, was call'd azew7nexdtev : So 0 
ſometimes the Pieces cut off they call'd warzxanc | by 
kala, from the Action (uazxantey,) of fixing them ſt 
under their Arm-pits; which laſt Term is uſed here by El 
Sophocles. | | m: 

V. 466. IWipe th' Abomination off.] The Firſt Scholiaſt 
on this Paſſage ſays, He, that had kill'd another, wip'd ha 
off the ſtains of Blood from his Sword, either on the no! 
Hair of his own Head, or of the Party ſlain. Tricli- ſo 


nius ſays particularly, on the Hair of the Party ſlain, be! 
which is undoubtedly trueſt. I will go a Step farther | thy 
than either of the Scholiaſts on this Place, by informing | «a, 
the Reader, that they only thus wiped away the Abo- | a di 
mination of the Fact, when they ſpilt the Blood un- | oy 
juſtly. But if, they thought they did it in a good Cauſe, | of t 
they us'd to take the Sword, and hold it up —_ and 

| | the 


Notes upon ELECTRA. 77 


/the Sun with the Blood on it (c TS OUR cg we- 


Sou , ſays the Scholiaſt on Euripides in Oreſtes; 
to ſhew, that They fear'd not if Heav'n were Witneis. 

V. 5 28. For e er ſince Myrtilus.] He was the Son of 
Mercury by Phaethuſa ; when He drove Oenomans in 
a Chariot-race, being corrupted by the Promiſes of Pe- 
tops, he ſo order'd it, that his Maſter's Chariot broke 
by the way, and his Maſter, with the fall, broke his 
Neck. Oenomaus, expiring, conjur'd;Pelops to revenge 
his Death; who afterwards, when Myrtilus demanded 
the Reward of his Treachery, threw Him from a Rock 
into the Sea, which from his Name was call'd the Myr- 
1043 Sea. 


Notes upon the Second ACT. 


V. 2. Egyſthus is not here;] The Poet's Contrivance 
is wonderful in making Ægyſthus abſent ; for thereby 
he takes Occaſion to heighten Electra's Diſtreſs, by ſay- 
ing, ſhe could not have had the Liberty of ſtirring out 
of the Palace, if he were at home; and likewiſe 
by leaving Clytemneſtra alone, he facilitates the Cata- 
ſtrophe of his Poem. Euripides has likewiſe in his 
Electra ſent him into the Fields to do Sacrifice, and 
make a Rural Banquet. 

V. 18. Murther d your Siſter :) This confirms what I 
have obſerv'd on the Firſt Act, that Iphianaſſa could 
not be Intended for Ihigenia by Sophocles, whom He 
ſo often in Clytemneſtra's Speech expreſly intimates to 
be Dead; and therefore Triclinius, on One Paſſage, notes 
thus, 3% 1 Ipryiveie, & d war Agriuud®» dgraye- 
Tay, wana O ανν ji. But I defign'd this Note of 
a different Nature; All Diſcourſes brought on the Stage, 
ought to have no particular Reference to the Diverſion 
of the Audience, unleſs drawn from the very Ground 
and Nature of the Subject, * neceſſary to 
| EET the 


78 Notes upon ELECTRA. 


the ſame. I fear Ciytemneſtra's Vindication of her 
Hutband's Death, and Electra's Condemnation of Her 
for It, will fall under the Diſpleaſure of this Rule; for 
however fine and affecting the Diſcourſes may be in 
themſelves; I doubt they are introduc'd with regard to 
the Spectators alone, for as Agamemnon had been kil- 
led Twenty Years ago, it neceſſarily argues, that the 
Juftice or Guilt of his Death muſt have been a Subject 
already ſufficiently canvaſs'd betwixt Clytemneſtra and 
her Daughter, 

V. 29. They both had dy'd.) The old Authors vary 
mightily in regard to Helen's Children: Euſtathius on 


Hemer ſays ſhe only bore Hermione, and that the was not 


permitted to have any more Children, becauie Childbirth 
is accounted to ſpoil Women's Beauty. But ſome ſay, ſhe 
bore two Children to Paris. Sophocles here gives her 
two by Menelaus; which agrees, as the Scholiaſt obſerves, 
with Heſiod's Account, 


Hr 'Howtorlew I g8etravty Met Ac, 
Oc Ae d Frexey Nixorarov, J "Agr, 


But Pau ſanias in Corinthiac : ſays, Menelaus had Nicoſtra- 


tus and Megapenthes by a She-Slave ;: but others ſay, her 


Proper Name was Adv, i. e. Serva. 
V. 123. Inauſpicious Words.) Tis almoſt too well 


known to require a Note, how ſuperſtitious the old 
Greeks were in point of all Ominous Words, and parti- 


cularly in matters of Religion. Before their holy Ce- 
remonies began, the Cryer gave this Charge to the Peo- | 


ple, *Ev@rud]e, which anſwers to the Terms afterwards 


uſed by the Romans, Favete linguis; which do not ſo 
ſtrictly enjoin a deep Silence, as an abſtaining from all 


prophane and ominous Words, 


Aal ominatis 
Parcite verbis. Hor. 


Fort 


Notes upon ELECTRA. 79 


For they reckon'd that ſuch Terms prophan'd the Sacri- 
fice; (and therefore Plautus calls it, obſcænare) and if 
theſe Expreſſions were utter d by any one nearly related 
to the Perſon, whoſe Buſineſs was in hand, they took 
the greater Notice of them, and accounted them ſo 
much the worſe. Or if the Omen were immediately 
catch'd by the Hearer, or ſtruck upon his Imagination, 
it was of the more force. | 

V. 129. Shall free me from the Fears,] We have heard 
already in the firſt Act, that Clytemneſtra had diſclos'd 
her Dream to the Riſing Sun to deprecate its Omen: 
This ſhe did conformable to the Cuſtoms of the An- 
cients; and Triclinius helps us out with their Reaſon 
for it, i é tav]i@- (nempe, e. &To5 651 T5 vux1t, 
eTorggnly teyarilar, er. becauſe the Sun being con- 
trary to the Night, might have Power to avert, or ex- 
pel all Evils brought by the ſame. And therefore they 
gave the Sun or Apollo the Epithets of «morggara ©, 
iZaxt5;,ea0», crc. But this telling of Dreams was not 
always appropriated to one particular Deity, but ſome- 
times to Hercules, Jupiter, or the Houſhold Gods. Nor 
was the diſcloſing of their Fears reckon'd ſnfficient, but 
they were to offer Incenſe, or other Oblations, and 
pray (as Clytemneſtra here does) that if Good was por- 
tended, it might be brought to paſs ; if the contrary, 
that the Gods would avert whatever ill was boded hy 
them. Zſ/chylus, in his Perſians, lets us into another 
Cuſtom in theſe Caſes ; Queen My being territy'd 
by a Nocturnal Viſion, as ſoon as ſhe roſe went to a 
River, and waſh'd away the Pollutions of the Night be- 
fore ſhe approach'd the Altars of the Gods ; 


— 


Exel d d %,, Y Xteglv πEuhνHKe“t 
"EL awre iE, ouv Ov1roAw Kees 
Bohid r D, ano]pgrotrl Gai wrt 
, * / T / /N 
Ogre JUrM TFEARYON, Wy THAN TAG. 


The Scholiaſt on this Place of Z/cbylus gives a dif- 
E. 4 ferent 


8o Notes upon ELECTRA. 


ferent Reaſon why the Sun was look'd upon as the A- 
verter of Dreams, 7&8 4 πιν,ẽjW U , 6: avergot Je- 
ue, for he once ſhining, Dreams vaniſh and are 
Le 
157. Her Dreſs and Perſon. The original is 
eres 49 PE en. E:502% vs which Mr. Johnſon's late 
Edition renders, Decoro enim, ut Regina, videtur vultu. 
But I cannot think this expreſſes the whole Meaning 
of the Greek, as if the Governor knew Clytemneſtra to 
be a Queen only by her Face; but (as the Scholiaſt 
ſays better) So. t cs YT g Ms Tov Bj , he con- 
ciuded Her ſuch, from her Robes and Regalia. 
V. 172. Know, Mighty Queen.) I have taken a Liberty 
in this Narration, for which, however I may be ac- 
cus d by the Adorers of Sophocles, I ſhall be eaſily par- 
don'd by every Engliſh Reader: I have ventur'd rather 
to make an agreeable Innovation on, than be a faithful 
Tranſlator of, a Paſſage which contains too tedious 
and Graphical a Deſcription of the Pythian Games to 
be reliſh'd at this time of Day ; and cools the Paſſion 
which it ſhould excite, and keep warm by its Concue- 
_ and Diſtreſs. 

NV. 174. Celebrates her Pythian Games;] Ariſtotle finds 
fault with this Narration in the Electra; upon which 
it may Hot be improper to add part of Mr. Dacier's 

Remarks. Sophocles was not ſo prudent and judicious 
in the Management of ſome other of his Pieces, as he 
was in Oedipus; for in his Electra he was guilty of the 
very Fault that Ariftorle here mentions, by putting in 
ſomething that was abſurd, and which 1s the more vi- 
cious, becauſe he was the Author of it. In the Second 
Scene of the Second Act, he who brings the falſe News 
of Oreſtes's Death, ſays, That that Prince being at the 
celebrated meeting of the Grecians, to aſſiſt at the Py- 
thian Games, won all the Prizes, but was kill'd in the 
Race of the Chariots, Ariſtotle thought this was ab— 
ſurd, and out of all Reaſon, not becauſe it was not pro- 
bable, that Zzy/thus and Clytemneſtra ſhould not 8 
the 


Notes upon ELECTRA. 8x 


the News before the Arrival of thoſe who brought 
Oreſtes's Aſhes, for there were a thouſand things which 
might hinder that; but becauſe the Pythian Games 
were not inſtituted till above five Years after Oreſtes 
was Dead, and this Falſhood ruin'd all the probability 
of the Piece, of which it was the Foundation. 
Without doubt Sophocles thought his Audience did not 
know the Riſe of thoſe Games, or elſe he would have 
taken care not to have made ſuch an Alteration in the 
Epocha ; otherwiſe the abſurdity is admirably wel] hid, 
under the wonderful Charms which are in the Relation, 
but, that don't juſtifie him. 

V. 287. The Fate of Amphiaraus]! He was a great 
Southſayer, who foreſeeing that all who went with 
Adraſtus to the Theban War ſhould periſh, Adraſtus 
only excepted, refuſed to go along with Him, and pre- 
vented ſeveral others from entring into the ſame 
League, Adraſtus was told, He need only give the 
Necklace to Eriphyla, (Amphiaraus's Wife) which Po- 
lynices had brought from Thebes, and which had been 


dedicated to Harmony, to prevail on Amphiaraus to 


make one in the Expedition. Adraſtus obey'd the 
Advice, and Eriphyla, charm'd with the Beauty of the 
Necklace, promis'd to engage her Hufband ; for that 
depended only on Her, Amphiarans having ſworn to 
obey his Wife in every thing. 

V. 297. Found a Son Alcmeon was the Son of Am— 
phiaraus; the Father, on his Departure for Thebes, 
ſtrictly charg'd his Son, who was then very young, that 
when he came to Age, he ſhould revenge his Death by 
killing his Mother. Alcmeon obey'd theſe Orders very 
punctually : Several of the Poets repreſented this Story 
in Tragedy; and this Murther of Eriphyla by Alcmeon 


the Ancients ſaw with great pleaſure acted on their 
Stages | 


Notes 


% 
& Ss 


82 Notes upon ELECTRA. 


Notes upon the Third ACT. 


V. 1. For Joy, my Deareſt.] Chryſothemis having 
been at her Father's Tomb to offer her own and Si- 


ſter's Hair thereon, meets with the Libations there, 


which had been pour'd by Oreftes, and by them ſug- 
geſts He was return'd to Argos: For that Clytemneſtra 
had not offer'd them, nor yet Electra, nor Chryſothe- 
mis, and therefore it muſt be Oreſtes. 

V. 24. With Streams of Milk| The Libations which 
they made at a Sepulchre, conſiſted for the moſt part 
of Honey, and Milk, and Wine: Upon which they 


ſometimes ſprinkled Barley-Flower. The manner of 


uling theſe Liquors, was to go round the Monument ; 
and pour out ſome, as they went, out of a Bottle 
(avoz; arxy, AS Euripides ſays in his Electra) and as they 
offer'd, they uſed certain Speeches and Prayers to the 
Ghoſts of the Dead to be propitious to them: And 
therefore thoſe xe, or Libations, were uſually term'd 
ydIuyTneaot, and O£ax7]y 240: | 

V. 26. And all the Flow'rs| The Cuſtom of ſtrewing 
Flowers about the Grave ſeems rather in Honour of 
the Mares, than any ways propitiatory. They ſome- 
times wove them into Garlands before they preſented 
them, and this was ge T Tvutey, a crowning of the 
Tomb. Theſe Garlands were caJl'd tew7es, either from 
their expreſſing Love; or from e, becauſe compo- 
ſed of a Collection of Flowers; or laſtly, becauſe they 


were thrown er: Tx» Egg, upon the Earth. The reaſon 


of it, ſays the Scholiaſt upon Euripides, was xs mo vi- 
pacty dom fat Joe ro vixwyrwv, to Honour the Dead as 
they uſed to do the Living when they won the Gallas. 


Notes 


* 
. ren 


D -4%. ak lk - am. 


te; 


Notes upon ELECTRA. 83 


Notes upon the Fourth ACT. 


V.10. But aged Strophius] He was King of Phocis, 
and Father of Pylades. But after all, why muſt O- 
reſtes and his Governor vary in their Story ? Oreſtes him- 
ſelf comes from Strophius, but he charges his Gover- 
nor to ſay, He is a Phocian, and ſent from Phanoters, 
ß dd e Pavoliug ,, if I do not miſunderſtand this 
Paſſage ; for the Scholiaſt ſays, Taws 5 ovour Gur mt 
OxyoTrws ; that Phanoteus was ſaid to be the Name of a 
City; if this be ſo, I indeed have err'd ; but there is a 
Second Place, which, I believe, will juſtify my Con- 
ſtruction, v. 672. O SU; 0 Cos, ſays the Gover- 
nor, Phanoteus the Phocian: For Sophocles could ne- 
ver mean the Governor ſhould ſay, The Phanotean, 
= Phocian, which he muſt do if Phanoteus were a 

ty. 

V. 39. A Torch to kindle up.] For it was cuſtomary 
for the Pile to be lighted by ſome of the dead Perſon's 
neareſt Relations or Friends; who did it with their 
Faces turn'd from the Pile, to ſhew themſelves averſe 
to ſo mournful an Office. So at Mzſenus's Funeral in 
Virg. 

m—Subjeftam more parentum 
Averſi tenutre facem : 


V. 108. By all the Honours.) The Original has it, 
un, rege Yeveis, &c. Do not, I conjure you by your Chin 
or Beard: But the Conjuration would ſeem very trivial 
and burleſque to us, however venerable amongſt the 
Antients. That it was the Cuſtom of old, for Suppli- 
ants to take hold of the Beard of the Perſon to whom 
they made their Entreaty, is evident from Homer, 


— es. 


84 Notes upon ELECTRA. 


mA Zire 0 &%2 UT avegew > tAg8% 


Atorowpn 


And this was one manner of Salutation among the He- 
brews, as appears by 2 Sam. 20, 9; And Joab took Amala 
by the Beard with the Right-hand to kiſs him. ; 

V. 122, Behold my Father's Signet.] Gr. Mov &Pe%- 
Vida rares: Upon which the Scholiaſts have comment- 
ed very variouſly ; Triclinius thus, + ig A:@av/@> wwory 
oy % on Tinon®» PAC, LL ei A. (99. 9% Sari To e 
Vida dναν T& dax1vnaey. The Ivory Shoulder, which the 
Deſcendants of Pelops bore; but others ſay, it is put for 
a Seal: The third Scholiaſt puts a ſtill different Gloſs 
upon It, 7Pepyioe ys T xapyrxlicy TS TEgrurns % T& 
ANTS COURT, T 41% TAY] % 3potoy TH Ep r, AY = 
MEwyovt, that is, the Make and Turn of his Face and Bo- 
dy, altogether reſembling his Father Agamemnon. I have 
tranſlated it Signet; but am not abſolutely determin'd, 
whether that was the Intention of Sophocles. Ariſtotle 
takes notice of a Remembrance made uſe of by the 
Poet Carcinus in his Thyeſtes, by the means of a Star; 
but perhaps that Remembrance may be much the ſame 
as ours, and borrow'd from Sophocles. For Robortellus 
conjectures, and not without great Probability, (in Mr, 
Dacier's Opinion, ) that inſtead of the Word «5Fe@>, 
which ſignifies a Star, Ariſtotle writ sst, Which fignt- 
fies Bones, and that he means the Bone of Ivory with 
which the Gods repaired Pelops's Shoulder, and which 
appear'd in his Deſcendants. 


Notes upon the Fifth ACT. 


V. 4. The cuſtomary Banquet.) Gr. i, rage Act” 
r z074, Which Mr, Johnſon renders, in funus Lebetem 
adornat ; however I have relied on the Words of Two 

| of 


- 


Notes upon ELECTRA. 85 


of the Scholiaſts; the latter of which, as containing 
a tull Lxplanation, | ſhall here tranſcribe. Ie ber 47 
1 D- Sn, du. T rom 2 TS lan rae O. c 4 5 
ex 695 , ec, * 0 Sv. 0 E ve 01% rag no-. 
ue. travls 5 To Legge LEO 17 K0TWEs LEeonTa 
£45 T&Dov , T&TES u Sei 5 TAN OCA Nv. For 
atter the Funeral was over, (fays Dr. Potter) the Com- 


| pany met together at the Houſe of the deceas'd Per- 


ſon's neareſt Relations, to divert them from Sorrow. 
Here there was an Entertainment provided, which was 
term'd eld amv), ve C ui T&PO>, &C. 

V. 26. Crimſon Sacrifice of Mars. i. e. with the Blood 
they Had ſed. PATE rel Het un Age, ſays Sophocles, 
and I believe he certainly expreſſes himſelf thus; in al- 
luſion to the Hamann Pietims which were on ſome Occa- 
ſions ſacrific'd to Mars. Triclinius Remarks on this 


Pailage thus, 498 Ovric;, YT. ainzl©>, 5 9 bu. uf 


"Agr. SAA e > zardTour. that is, with the Sacrifice 
or Blood, which Mars receives in Sacrifice, for he is 
term'd a Lover of Blood. 

V. 68. But, if my Words tranſgreſs. The Greek has it, 
. eee vereert: Which, I confeſs, gave me no ſmall 
Trouble to underſtand; and unleſs another Paſſage in 
tis Play have heip'd me to a right Conception of them, 
| thall as freely own my ſelf till in the Dark. Clytem- 
neſtra in the ſecond Act, triumphing on account of 
Creſtes's Diſtaſter, Electra cries out, 


"Axg: Newer; Y Vavor]O> og r 
Avenging Goddeſs, hear her Contumelies ! 


Upon which Triclinius remarks, Ntutrts, ex luce 
bing: 780% Oey gs rv tDvagckov1o; 0 18786 Tings, 1. e. Ne- 
meſis is a Goddeſs who reſents and puniſhes all Inſults 
upon the Dead. So Zgyſthus, triumphing on the like 


Occaſion, ſtops ſhort ;—but if 1 err, or ſhall be puniſh'd 
for it, I ſay no more. 


7 


— 
—— 


rr 


4 
* — * * —— — — 
= : a — e — 
" of — + So A — 5 — 2 1 
- - . —— 2 * — ——— = ks. Sz +. — L 
- — ms 
— P — oO eo n oe xo OO A erent —ꝛ -— dw — 
— 128 


855 


BOOKS Printed for B. LMrT OTT. 


HE Works of Monſieur de Moliere. In fix Vo- 
lumes. Vol. I. Containing, The Preface. The 
Life of Mr. de Moliere. Sir Martin Mar-all, The A- 
morous Quarrel. The Aﬀected Ladies. 
Vol. II. The Imaginary Cuckold. A School fot 
Huſbands. The Impertinents. A School for Women. 
The School for Women criticed. The Pleaſures 01 
the Inchanted Iſland, 
Vol. III. The Princes of Elis, being the Second Day 
of the Pleaſures of the Inchanted Ifland, Third Day 
of the Pleaſures of the Inchanted Iſland. The Forced 
Marriage. Love the beſt Phyſician. The Milantrope : 
Or Man-Hater. The Forced Phyſician. The Sicilian; 
Or, Love makes a Painter. Amphitryon: Or, the Two 
So ſi as. 
Vol. IV. The Miſer. George Dandin: Or, The Wan- 
ton Wife. Tartufje: Or, The Hypocrite. Monſicur 
de Pourceaugnac: Or, Squire Trelooby, The Gentle- 
man Cit. 
Vol. V. The Cheats of Scapin. Pſiche. The Learn- 
ed Ladies. Don Garcia of Navarre: Or, The Jealous 
Prince. The Impromptu of Verſailles, 
Vol. VI. Don John: Or, the Libertine. Melicerts, 
The Magnificent Lovers. The Counteſs of #/carbagh 
nas, The Hypocondriack. The Ghoſt of Molteref 
Extracts out of divers Authors concerning Molzere Þ 
Works. | 
A CriÞ 


for 
en. 
Ol 


Jay 
Jay 
ced 
pe: 
an; 
"WO 
Van- 
fieur 
ntle- 


earn- 
alous 


cert. 


rr bag” 
The Suppliants, 
liere I 


oliere. 


\ CriÞ 


Books Printed for B. Lintotr. 


A Critical Diſcourſe upon the Iliad of Homer; writ- 
ten in French by Monſieur de la Motte, a Member of 
the French Academy; and tranſlated into Engliſh by 


Mr. Theobald. 


Homer's Iliad, with large Notes by Madam Dacier. 
Tranſlated from the Greek by Mr. Ozel, Mr. Broone, and 
Mr. Oldiſworth. Adorned with 26 Copper Plates, in 5 
Vol. 120. Price 15 8. 


Propoſals for printing by Subſcription, a Tranſlation 


of Homer's Iliads by Mr. Pope, in 6 Vol. Folio. 


'The Odes, Epodes, Carmen Seculare, Satyrs and F- 
piſtles of Horace, in Latin and Ernzliſh ; with Dr. Bent- 
ley's Notes, in 4 Vol. 120. | 

The Works of Virgil, the ſecond Edition, tranſlated 
into Engliſh by the Right Honourable the Earl of Lau- 
derdale. Printed on a new Elzevir Letter. | 

Vintus Curtius his Hiſtory of the Wars of Alexan- 
der, in 2 Vol. with a large Index to the whole; tran- 
ſlated by John Digby, Eſq; | 

Sophocles's Tragedies, wiz. 
Ajax, Notes by Mr. Rowe, 
Electra, 

Oedipus Tyrannus, 
Antigone, by Mr. Roe, 
Oedipus Coloncus, 
Trachinie, 

Philobtetes, 

Aſcylus's Tragedies, viz. 
Prometheus chain'd, | 
Seven Captains before Thebes, 
Ihe Perſians, 

Agameimnon, 
The Cœphoræ, 
The Furies, 


in Blank Verſe, with large 
Notes. 


in Blank! Verſe, with 
Notes. 


The twenty four Books of Homer's Odyſſes in Blank 
Verſe, with Notes. 


| 


4 


An 


Books Printed for B. Ajntott. 


An Hiſtorical Account of the Heathen Gods and 
Heroes, neceſſary for the Underſtanding of the Anci- 
ent Poets. Being an Improvement of whatever has 
been hitherto written by the Greek, Latin, French, and 
Engliſh Authors upon that Subject. By Dr. King. The 
Second Edition, with Cuts. Price 2 s. 

The Third Edition of the Works of Mr. George 
Farquhar : Containing all his Letters, Poems, Eſſays, 
and Comedies publiſh'd by himſelf; wiz. Love and a 
Bottle: The Conſtant Couple: Or, A Trip to the 
Jubilee: Sir Harry Mildair: The Inconſtant, Or, The 
Way to win him: The Twin Rivals : Recruiting Of- 
ficer, and Beaux Stratagem. Price 65, Any of theſe 
Plays may be had ſeparate. 

A Collection of Poems in two Volumes: Being all 
the Miſcellanies of Mr. William Shakeſpear, which were 
publiſh'd by himſelf in the Year 1609. And now cor- 


rely printed from thoſe Editions, on an Elzevir Let- 


ter. Pier 3 5: 

The Miſcellaneous Works of the Right Honourable 
the late Earls of Rocheſter and Roſcommon : With ſome 
Memoirs of the late Earl of Rocheſter, in a Letter to 
the Dutcheſs of Maxarine. By Monſieur St. Evremont. 
To which is added a Collection of ſeveral other Poems. 
The Fourth Edition. Printed in 2 Vol. 12% on an 
Elzevir Letter, 


Familiar Letters written by the late Mrs. Philips, to N 


the late Sir Charles Cotterel, under the borrow'd Names 


of Orinda to Poliarchus. Printed from Originals. 
Price 35. 


n 


„* 


Senecas Morals by way of Abſtract. To which is 


added, a Diſcourſe under the Title of an After-thought: | 
By Sir Roger L'Eſtrange. The roth Edition. Price 5 . 


Next Winter will be publiſh'd, the celebrated Mr. 
Wicquefort's Ambaſſador, in Folio. Tranſlated by John 
Digby, Eſq; A ſmall Number of which will be printed 


on large Paper; thoſe that will have any of theſe, are 


deſir'd to ſend in their Names forthwith to the Under- 
taker Bernard Lintott. 


