LONDON,

Printed for B, Liztott at the Middle Temple-Gate, in Eleet-freet, and
A. Bettesworth at the Rea-Lyon on Lonaon-Bridge.

yen On CEE WIECEI—_S 1 @C——————

ADVERTISEMENT.

Newly publish'd, a Colle&ion of Novels, in 2 Vol. viz. The secret History of the Earl of E/-
sex and Queen EliFabeth. The Happy Slave, in 3 Parts, and the Double Cuckold : To which is
added, the Art of Pleasing in Conversation : By Cardinal Richlieu. Vol. 2. contains the\ Heroine
Musqueteer, in 4 Parts. Incognita, or Love and Duty Recencil'd: By Mr. Congreve, The
Pilgrim, in 2 Parts, Price 10 5. | Each Vol. may be had fingly.

The History 0: the Reign of Lemwrzs XI11. King of France and Navarre : Containing the most
Remarkable Occurrences in France and Exrepe, during the Minority of that Prince : By Mr, Mzchal
ok Yasser, faithtully Translated. Price 5 5.

I bere Gentlemen and Ladics may have all sorts of Plays and Nowels,

Py gn" > |

—K Www — Poe 24 ———<<t wo DM” GER TY - py -- wo” - Jus =o ena.

HENKET EMMETT wn

COW LEY, Esq;

W as ever Fond and Proud of your 200d opinion,

the first merit ; where, without that umbrage,
perhaps, not all the Advantages of Fortune, could
have made me tolerable. You taught me first to
know a little of my self, then shew'd me other Men
aud knowing them, taught me to value ou. I know
not whether the World will allow there can be any
Gratitude tn a Dedication ; but I am assur'd you
are well enough acquainted with my sincerity, to believe
this comes purely from an Hearty and Uninterefled
Inclination. TI am loathto remind you of the
many handsom Obligations you have laid on me ; for
zn being thanked I have observ'd you often in a pain
great as your delight in giving : Which generous
softness in your Temper has made me many times
A 2 conclude,

tt has sometimes recommended ne to Men of

The Epiltle Dedicatory.

conclude, that were you once Passunately touch'd in
Love (as certainly no man was ever so kindly formed
for it ) the happy Fair One with at least have this
security, that your Natural Pleasure in obliging will
mmslruf ber to preserve you long, and ouly Hers. 1
can't help talking thus, because TI am fond of publishing
that ev'n such Yualities are what I have had
several Happy hours of letsure to observe in you. Nay,
I freely confess, I have all the V anity of a young [.6-
ver, and can't really think the Fair One absolutely
mine, till T have told all the World of her favours.
1 wou'd have my Lord, and all the Cheerful Table
know, that the very Gentleman they wwere so loath to
part with, had out flaid his Appointment with Cibber
for the reading an AA or two of Richard III. 1
would have my Lady know too, that ask'd the Civil
Gentleman's name in thenext Box, that *twas
not her Ladyships kind advances that kept him there,
but a certaim Promise made him behind the Scenes,
that a little Extraordinary Pains should be taken in
the Performance of one of Richard's Sol:loquees :
And I wou'd have the Players know, that my so
often wishing the V acation near, is, because Cowley
and your Conversation in the Summer to me,

perhaps

The Epistle Dedicatorv.

perhaps is as Entertainius an Ammnsement, as a Family,

and Uncertaiu pay ia the inter. Þ[ ouce defrened

to have delay'd this Dedica!ion 11 [ was capable

of prefrxing 1t to fore prece mire Wirihy your
Acceptance : Yon have often perswaded me 19 undertake
another Comedy ; but, I confess, your own
happy Talent in that kind ( vou'll excuse my blabbing)
and your common Contersation, have quite
discourae'd me : A Piet onght to be vain enough to

suppose himself the best in his kind, and unless I

could believe I were able to write, as you talk,
with the same life, aud happy turn of T hought, it
will be Prudence in me to let it alone till I am advir
d to it by some body that knows you, as well as I
do : $6 that I rather chuse to pay this Iittle, while
Thave it, than by an Idle Expefttation of better success,
run the hazard of being mm your debt as long as
T live: but that I amafraid I shall ever be; m

long Account will not be easily settled, while you for-

get as fast as you confer, and always grant a favour,

as if you were returns one, so 't1s partly your own

Fault if I subscribe my self,

Your eternally obliged
Lon. Feb.

and humble Ss

1709. Coll:y C "bher.

Ra ” En ei Ss. | I

CD eee Ee ES ——— .— —OAE4. 2... "YT" — ——_____— — — ———— ——

—_ ———_—— Ms q _—_ow_— 7 —————w_———— wmy—C I @@ £1 _—_— a = _—_ a @w— - aqcnMm_mnu__ vw

PREFACE

His Play came upon the Stage with a very Unusual disadvantage,
the whole firit Act being Intirely left our in the Presentation
and tho? it had been read by several persons of
the first Rank and Integrity, some of which were pleas'd to

honour me with an offer of giving it under their hands that the whole

was an Inoffensive.piece, and free from any bol4 Paralcl, or i]l manner'd
reflection, yet this was no satisfaction to him, who had the

Relentless power of _— it for the Stage. TI did not spare for jn- -

treaties ; but all the reason I could get tor its being refus'd, was, that
Henry the Sixth being a Character Unfortunate and Pitied, wou'd put

the Audience in mind of the late Kznp James : Now, IT confek, T ncver

thought of him in the Writing it, which poshbly might proceed
from there not being any hkeness between '*em. But however, there
was no hazard of oftending the Government, thous! the whose
Play had been refus'd, and a man 15/not. obliged to be juit, when he
can get as much by doing an Injury. , I am only torry it hapned to
be the best AQ in the Whole, and Teave it to the Impartial Reader
how far it is offensive, and whether its being Ate: would have
been as injurious to good Manners, as the omission of it was to the
rest of the Play.

Tho? there was no great danger of the Readers mistaking any of
my lines for Shakespear's ; yet, to satishe the curious, and unwilling to
ac more praise than is really my due, I have caus'd those that arc
intirely Shakespear*s to be Printed in this Italick Charafter ; and those
lines with this mark (*) before *em, are generally his thoughts, in
the best dress I could afford *em : What 1s not so mark*d, or in a ditfe-
CharaQter is intirely my own. I haye done my best to imitate his
Style, and manner of thinking : ItI have faiPd, I have {till this comfort,
that our best living Author 1n his imitation of Shakespear's Style
only writ Great and Masterly.

The Petrlons,

Ing Henry the Sixth, designed for Mr. Wilks.
Edward Prince of Wales, Mis. All
Richard Duke of Tork, the young Sons of Ea rs. Allison.

ward the Fourth. Mits. Check.
Richard Duke of Gloucester, afterwards $06) Me, Cibber.
of England.

Duke of Buckingham. Mr. Powel.
Lord Stanley. | Mr. Mills.
Duke ot Norfolk, Mr. S:mepson. '
Ratcliff. Mr. Kent.
Catesby. Mr.Thomas.

re Eu] of Richmond, afterwards King of Le: " RA
nglan in

Oxford. Mr. Fairbank:
Blunt, Kc. amm_——_ ——

Elizabeth, Relic of Edward the Fourth. Mrs. Knight.
Ann, Relict of Edward Prince of )
I} ales, Son to Henry the Sixth, |

afterw ards married to Richthe
Third.

Cicely,. Putchcis of York, Mother to S
Richard the Ticks Yates ewel

Mrs, Rogers,

A CT the First.

The Scene, A Garden within the Tower,

US | m———ca_wuoo__—_—R

Enter the Lieutenant with &« Servant.

Lieu. AS King Herr my walk'd forth this Morning ?
Ser. No, Sir, but 'tis near his Hour.
Lieu. At any time when you see him here,

Let no Stranger into the Garden :
I wou'd not have him star'd at See ! Who's that
Now entring at the Gate ?

Ser. Sir, the Lord Stanley.

Lieu. Leave Me, —_—_—

Enter Lord Stanley.

My Noble Lord you're welcome to the Tower,
DS last Night you late arriv*d with News
Of Edward's Victory to his joyful Queen,

Ld. Sta. Yes, Sir ; and 1 am proud to be the Man
That first brought home the last of Civil Broils,
The Houses now of York, and Lazcaster, |
Like Bloody Brothers fighting for Birth-right,
No more shall wound the Parent, that wou'd part 'em.
Edward now fits secure on England's T hrone.

Lieu. Near Tewiesbury, my Lord I think they fought:
Has the Enemy lost any Men of Note ?

Ld. Sta. Sir, I was Posted Home
Ee an Account was taken of the Slain,

——— Q__—_—_———C_ -- wo

uw OL nmm_— 42

CEx. Servant,

But as I left the Field, a Proclamation
From the King was made in Search of Edward,
Son to your Prisoner, King Henry the Sixth,
Which gave Reward to those Discover'd him,
And him his Life, if he'd surrender.

Licx. That Brave Young Prince, l fear's unlike his Father,
Too high of Heart to brook submissive Life :

This will be heavy News to Hemy's Ear :
For.on this Battles cast his All was set.

Ld. Sta. King Henry, and 111 Fortune are familiar :
He ever threw with an indifferent Hand,

But never yct was known to lose his Patience :
How does he pass the Time in his Confinement ?

Licu. As one whose Wishes neyer reacht a Crown,
The King seems Dead in him ; But as a Man
He sighs sometimes in want of Liberty,

Sometimes he Reads, and Walks, wishes
That Fate had blest him with an humbler Birth,
Not to have felt the falling from a Throne.

Ld. Sta. Were it not possible to see this King ?
They say he'll freely talk with Edward's Friends,
And ever treats him with Respe&, and Honour.

Lie. This is his usual Time of walking forth,
(For he's allow'd the freedom of the Garden ;)

After his Morning-Prayer ? he seldom fails :
Behind this Arbor we unseen may stand
A while Cobserve him.

(They retzre.)
Emer King Henry the Sixth in Monrning.

X. Hen. By this time the Decisive Blow 15 struck,
Either my Queen and Son are blest with Victory,
Or I'm thc cause no more of Civil Proils,

Word 1 were Dead if Heavens good Will were so,

<« For what is in this World but Grief and Care?
What Noise, and Bustle do Kings make to find it ?
When Life's but a short Chace; our Game content
Which most pursued is most compelld to fly ;
And he that mounts him on the swiftest Hope,
Shall often Run his Courser to a stand,

While the poor Peasant from some distant Hill
Qndanger'd, and at Ease views all the Sport,

And sees Content take shelter in his Cottage,

La, Sta,

Zd. $t4. He seems Extreamly mov'd. Y F

Lieu. Does he know you? | F
L1. $14, No! nor wou'd I have him (4%) [;-

Lieu. We'll show our selves. ( They Come fornerd$ B
K. Hen. Why, there's another Check to Proud Ambition, 4
That Man receiv'd his Charge from me, and now |
Pm his Prisoner, he lock's me to my Rest :

Such an unlook'd for Change who cou'd suppose,

That saw him kneel to Kiss the Hand that rais'd him?

But that I skou'd not now complain off, | \\
Since I from thence may happily derive WW
His Civil Treatment of me, ——— *Morrow Lieutenant, bt
Is any News arriv'd ?— Who's that with you ? FF

Lieu. A Gentleman that came last Night Express KF
From Tewkesbury, We've had a Battle, Sir. F1

K. Hen, Comes he to me with Letters or Advice ?

Lien. Sir, he's King Edward's Officer, your Foe.

K. Hen. Then'he won't flatter me, you're welcome, Sir ;
Not less because you are King Edward's Friend ; Y
For I have almost learn'd my self to be so : |
Cou'd I but once forget 1 was a King,

I might be truly Happy.' and his SubjeR.

You've gain'd a Battle * 1gt not so ?

Ld. Sta. We have, Sir ; How, will reach your Ear too soon.
K. Hen. If to my Loss, it cawt too soon ? Pray speak, .
For Fear makes Mischief greater than it is : ,
My Queen ! my Son ! say, Sir! are they living ! 4
Ld. Sta. Sincg my Arrival, Sir, another Post *
Came in, who brought us word your Queen, and Son

Were Prisoners now at Tewkesbury.

K, Hen. Heav*ns W1ll be done ! the Hunters have *tmm now — e
And I have only Sighs, and Prayers to help %m ! '
Ld. Sta. King Edward, Sir, depends upon his Sword, *"
Yet prays heartily, when the Battle's won : IF
And Soldiers love a Bold and Aftive Leader,

Fortune like Women will be close pursu'd ; SB
The English are high MettPd, Sir, and 'tis F
No easie part to Sit '*em well. King Edward 3;

Feels their Temper, and *twill be hard to throw him.
K. Her, Alas, I thought 'em Mcn, aud rather hop'd
To win their Hearts by Mildness, than Severity,

My Soul was never form'd for Cruelty, |

In my Eye Justice has seen'd bloody,
When on the City Gates I have beheld |
B 2 | A Tray-

A Travytor's Quarters parching in the Sun,
My Blood has turn'd with Horror of the Sight,
I took *em down, and Buried with his Limbs
The Memory of the Dead Man's Deeds: Perhaps
That Pity made me look less Terrible,
Giving the mind of weak Rebellion Spirit;

For King* are put in Trvft for all Mankind,

And when themselves take Injuries, who 1s safe ?

If & I have desery'd these frowns of Fortune.

Fnitr a Scryant to the Licutenast.

Ter, Sir, here's a Gentleman brings a Warrant..
For his Access to King, Henry's Presence.
Licu. | come to him.
Ld. Sta. His Business may require your Privacy,
I'll leave you, Sir, wishing you all the Good
That can be wist'd, not wronging him I serve, (Ex. Lord Stan,
XK. Hen. Farewell : Who can this be ? A sudden Caldness
Like the Damp Hand of Death has seiz'd my Limbs :
I fear some heavy News! |

Enter Lieutenant,
Who is it, good Lieutenant ?
Lies. A Gentleman, Sir, from Tewkesbrry, he seems
A mclancholly Messenger : For when I ask'd
What News ? His Answer was a deep faught Sigh:
} wou*d not urge him, bur I fear 'tis fatal.

Enter Ireslell in Mourning

K. Hen, Fatal indeed ' His Brows the Title Page
That speaks the Nature of a Tragick Volume ;
Say, Friend, how does my Queen, my Son !

Thou tremblest, and the nhiteness of thy Cheek

Ts apter than thy 1 ongue to tell the Eyrand,

Evn such a Man, so Faint, so Spiritless,

50 Dull, so Dead in Look, to Woe be gone,

Drew Priam's Curtains tn the Pead of Night,

And won'd have told him half his Troy was burn'd,

But Priam found the Fire, ere he his Tongue,

And 1 my poor Son's Death e're thou relatest it ;
Now wow'd'st thor say 5 Tour Son did thus and thes,

And thus your Queen ; So fought the Valiant Oxford,

Stopping my greedy Ear with their bold Deeds,

But in the End (ta stop my Ear indced,)

Thou hast a Sigh to blow away this Praise,

© Ending with Queen and Son, and all are Dead,
Tress. © Your Queen yet Lives, and many of your Friends,

But for my Lord your Son
K. Hen. Why, he is Dead ; yet speak, 1 Charge thee /

Tell thou thy Master his Suspicion lies,

And I will take it as a kind Disprace,

And thank thee well, for doing me such wrong.
Tress. Wou'd it were wrong to say, but, Sir, your Fears are true,
K. Hen. Yet for all this, say not my Son is Dead.
Trefs. Sir, 1 am sorry 1 must force you to

Believe, what wou'd to Heay'n 1 had not seen

But in this last Battle, near Tewkesbury,

Your Son, whose Attive Spirit lent a Fire

*© Eva to the dullest Peasant in our Camp,

Still made his way, where Danger stood r'oppose him,

A braver Youth of more Couragious Heat,

Neer spurr'd his Courser at the Trumpets sound :

But who can Rule th' uncertain Chance of War,

In Fine, King Edward won the Bloody Field, .

Where both your Queen, and Son were made his Prisoners,
K. Hen. © Yet, hold ! for oh ! this Prologue lets me in .

To a most fatal Tragedy to come, ——

Dy'd he Prisoner, say'st thou ? How ? By Grief,

Or by the bloody Hands of those, that caught him ?
Tress. After the Fight, Edward in Triumph ask'd

To see the Captive Prince ; the Prince was brought,

Whom Edward roughly Chid for bearing Arms,

Asking what Reparation he cou'd make

For having stirr'd his Subjects to Rebellion ?

Your Son impatient of such Taunts, reply'd,

&« Bow like a Subject, Proud Ambitious York !

« While I now speaking with my Father's Mouth,

© Propose the self same Rebel Words to thee,

*«& Which, Traytor, thon wou'dst have me answer to :

From these, more Words arose, till in the End

King Edward swell'd with what th'unhappy Prince

At snch a time too freely spoke, his Gauntlet

In his young Face with Indignation struck :

At which Crook'd Richard, Clarence, and the resk

Buried their fatal Daggers in his Heart :

— —_— O_o RO LY
EO em e—_—__—_—_ —— — ___

In Bl:1dy State I saw him on the Earth,
Eram whence with Life he never more sprung KP.
K. Hen. * O had'st thou stabb'd at every Words deliverance,
« Sharp Ponyards in my Flesh, while this were told
© Thy Wounds had giv'n less Anguish than thy Words. —-
© Heav'ns ! methinks 1 see my tender Lamb
Gasping beneath the Ravenous Wolves fell gripe ?
But say, did all? Did they all strike him, say'st thou ?
Trefs. All, Sir : But the first Wound Duke Michard gave.
XK. Hen. There let him stop ! be that kis last of Ills !

+ O barbarous Act ;; Unhospitable Men !

Azainst the rigid Laws of Arms to kill him !
Was't not enough, his hope of Birth-right gone,
But must your Hate be levelPd at his Life ?

Nor cov'd his Father's Wrongs content you ?

Nor cou'd a Father's Grief dislwade the Deed ?

You have no Children, (Butchers if you had)

The thought of them wou'd sure have stirr'd Remorsep
Tr:ss. Take Comfort, Sir ; and hepe a better Day.
K. Hen. O ! who can hold a Fire in his Hand,

By thinking on the Frosty Caucasus ?
O7 wallow Naked 1m December's Snow,

By bare remembrance of the Summer's Heat ?

Away! by Heav'n, I shall abhor his Sight,

Whoever bids me be of_Comfort more :

If thou wilt footh my Sorrows, then [I'll thank thee-:

Ay ! now thor'rt kind indeed ! these Tears oblige me.
Trefs. Alas, my Lord! I fear more Evils toward you,
K. Hen. Why, let it come ! I scarce shall feel it now,

My present Woes have beat me to the Ground,

And my hard Fate can make me fall no lower : .

What can it be ? Give it its ugliest Shape, O my poor Boy | mn
Tre. A word does that it comes in Glencester*s Form.

F. Hen. Frightful indeed !- give me the worst that threatens.
Trefs. After the Murther of your Son, stern Richard,

As if unsated with the Wounds he had giv'n,

With unwasl'd Hands went from his Friends in haft,

And being ask'd by Clarence of the Cause,

He low'ring cry'd, Brother, I must, to the Tower !

ye Buliness there, excnse me to the King,

Betore you reach the Town, expe some News :

This said, he vanish'd, and I hear's arriv'd.

K. Hen, Why, then the Period of my Woes is set;
For Ills but thought by him are half perform'd. :

Pyter Lientenant with a Paper.

Liex. Forgive me, Sir ; what, I'm compell'd to'bey
An Order for your close Confinement,
XK. Hen. Whence comes it, good Lieutenant ?
Lies. Sir, from the Duke of Gloucester.
K. Hen. Good Night to all then : I obey it
And now good Friend suppose me on my Death-bed,
And take of me, thy last, short Living leave :
Nay, keep thy Tears till thou hast seen me Dead :
And when in tedious Winter Nights, with Good
Old Folks, thou fit st np late
To hear 'em tell thee Di/mal T ales f
Of times long past, even now with Woe remember'd ;
Before then bidst good night, to quit their Grief,
Tell thou the lamentable fall of me,

And send thy hearers weeping to their Beds, (Exeunt;.

Enter Richard Duke of Gloucester. Solvs:

Rich, Now are our Brows bound with Viftorious wreaths,
Our stern allarms are changed to Merry-meetings,
Our dreadfull marches to 4h htful measures.
Grim visaged War has smoothed his wrinkled Front,
And now instead of mounting Barbed Steeds
To fright the Souls of fearful Adversaries
He Capers nimbly in a Ladies Chamber
To the Lascivious Pleasjingof a Lute ;,
But I that am not shaped for sportive tricks,
1 that am curtailed ®f Man's fair proportion, .
Deformw?d, Unfinish'd, sent before my time
Into this breathing World scarce half made up,
And that so lamely and unfafhionable
That Dogs bark at me as I halt by 'em ;,
Why I, in this weak, this piping time of Peace,
Have no delight to pass away my hours,
Unless to see my shadow in the Sun,
And descant on my own deformity :
— T hen. since this Earth fer ds n0 joy to me, .

Bxt to Command, to Check, and to Orebear such,

As are of Happier Person than my self,

Why then to me this restless World's but Hel),
Till this mishapen trunks aspiring head

© Be circled in a glorious Diadem
But then *tis fixt on such an heighth, O ? 1
Must stretch the utmost reaching of my Soul.
11 climb betimes without Remorse or Dread,
And my first step shall be on Henry's Head. (Exit.

Scene, a Chamber in the T ower : R, Henry sleeping.

Enter Lieutenant.

Lier., Asleep so soon ! But sorrow minds no seasons,
The Morning, Noon, and Night with her*s the same,
She's fond of any hour that yiclds Repose.

K. H. Who's there ? Lieutenant ! 1s it yon ? -Come hithar.

Lieu. You shake, my'Lord, and look affrighted.

K.H. O: I have had the fearfull'st Dream ; such sights,
Thar, as I live
1 would not pass another hour so dreadful
Though 'twere to buy a world of happy days.
Reach me a Book —[l] try it reading can
Divert these melancholy thoughts.

Enter Richard.

Rich. Good day, my Lord ;, what, at your Book so hard !
disturb you. | (4

K.H. You do indeed — | Csighing.

Rich. Go, Friend, leave us to our selves ; we must Confer.

K, H. What Bloody Scene has Roscins now to AQ ?
Rich. Suspicion always haunts the gutlty mind,
The Thief does fear each bush an Officer.
K, H. Where Thieves without Controulment rob and kill,
The Traveller does fear each bush a Thief :
The poor bird that has been already lim'd
With trembling Wings misdoubts of every Bush,
And T, the hapless Male to one sweet Bird,
Have now the fatal object 1n my Eye, _
By whom my young one bled, was caught and kill'd.
Rich. Why, what a peevish Fool was that of Creet,
That taught his Son the office of a Fowl *
Ard yet for all bis Wings the fool was drown d :
Thou shonld'st have taught thy Boy his Prayers alone,
And then he had not broke his neck with Clynbing.

(r1sing

(Exit Lieu;

K, H, Ah,

K. Hen. Ab, kill me with thy wearon, not with words,
My breajt can bettcr brook thy Daggers point,
Than can*my ears that piercing story.
But wherefure dost thou come, 1s t for my life ?
Rich. Thinkest thou I am an Execntioner ?
K. Hen. If Murthering Innocents be Executing
Thowrt then the worst of Executioners.
Rich. Thy Son I kill d for bis Presumption.
K. Hen. Hadst thou been kill'd when first thaw didst Presume,
Thou hadst not liv'd to kill 2 Son of mine.
But thou wert born to Maslacre Mankind,
How many Old Mens sighs, and Widows moans,
How many Orphans Water standing eyes,
Men, for their Sons, Wives for their Husbands Fate,
And Children, for their Parents timeless death,
© ÞVVilt rue the hour that ever thou wert born ?
Tye Onl (brick d at thy Birth : An Evil sign.
The night Crow crya, foreboding luckless time,
Dogs howl'd, and hideous Tempests shook down Trees ;
The Raven rook d her on the Chimneys top,
And chattering Pies in dismal discor ds > i
Thy Mother felt more than a Mothers Pain, ,
And yet brought forth less than 'a Mothers Hope :
Teeth hadst thow in thy head when thou wert boyn,
Which plainly said, Thou cam'st to bite Mankind,
And, if the rest be true which I have heard,
Thou cam't -
Rich, I'll hear no more « Dye, Prophet, in thy speech, (stabs him,
For this, amongst the rest was I oraain'd.
K, Hen. O! and for much more slaughter after this.
Tust Heaven forFive my sins, and pardon thee. [Dies,
Rich, What, will the aspiring blood of Lancaster
Sink in the ground ? -— TI thought it would have mounted.
See how my Sword weeps for the poor King?s acath ;
O, may such purple tears be always shed
From those that wish the Downfall of our House.
If any spark of Life be yet remaining.

Domn, down to Hell and say, I sent thee thither. (stabs him again”

I that have neuher Pity, Love ner Fear ©
Tnated "tis truc, what Henry told me of,

For I have often heard my other Jay,

I came into the Wyrld with my Legs forward :
The M:dwife wonder d, andthe Women ctyd,
Good Heoauim bless us, be is born with Teeth ;

And [1 7 war, ”_ ich plainly fronified,

That SPOT ld snarl and bite, and play the Dog.

Then frice th - Ho vens has e sh pd 7; y boay (2,

Let He:!! 312k cro0ked my mind to answer it ———

I have no robes: 41 like no Brother,

And this word [nv wn Gray bearas call Divine,

Be resident in Mun, like one another,

Aid not in me— fam -— my self alone.

Clarence, beware, thou Keep'st me from the Light,

But if I f al not in my deep mitcnt,

T hou”ft not another day to Tive, which done,

Heaven takethe weak King Edward to his Xercy,

Ard leave the World for me to bustle in :

But soft—I'm sharing spoil before the Field is won,
Clarence still. Breaths, Edward still Lives and Reigns,
When they are gone, then I must count my gains. (Exzr.

1he End of the first ACT.

AC TT the Second.
The SCENE, yv:. Pauis.

F.tcr Trcile) mecting [ora Stanley

I resj. Nv Y Lord, your Servant, pray what brought you toPaul's ?
Ld. Stan. | came amongst the Crowd to see the Corps
Ot PUOr King {itmry. "Tis a dismal fi light,
But velterday | [ saw him in the Torer
{His talk is ill so fresh within my me: nory :
That I could weep to think how Fate has us'd im.
wonder where's Duke Richard's pelicy
[12 tullering bim to lic exposed to viery :
Can he believe that Men will love him for't ?
1rd}. O yes, Sir, love hit, as he loves his Brother
Wie was you with King Card, pray, my Lord ?
I hear he ep hi I Fpod, 1s Melancholy,

A 1:1 | Ss VI © him m1 Foy.

Lad. Ste, Tis OV aght ne li {car« rccover :
Y 1) _— \ 2 1 9 © ” 4 L, * l \ 3 *v
S111] \y LO Co lt, 11:4 10at 1301 SC —_ 1 dies -

Tresj. lam oblig'd to pay Attendance here,

The Lady A: has license to remove
King Henry's Corpsto be Interr'd at Cycrt/er,
And 1 3m engag?d to follow her. . :

Ld. Stan Nean you Ring Hexry's Daughter-in-Law

Tress. The same, . Sir, Widow to the late Prince Edward,
Whom Glo:ce/ter KLNIV'd at Ten kecbrry,

Ld. Stan, Alas, poor Lady, she's severely used.
And yetT hear Richard attempts her Love:
Methinks the wrongs he's done her should discourage him,

Tr:s}. Neither those wrongs nor his o:vn shape can fright him ;
He sent for leave to visit her this morning,
And she was forc'd to keep her Bed to avoid him.
But see, she is arrived : Will you along
To see this doleful Ceremony ?

L4. Stan. Il wait on you. (Exennt. Richard, Solus.
Rich. ?T'was her excuse t avoid me-—- Alas !
She keeps no Bed ——

She has health enough to progress far as Chertsey,

Tho' not to bear the sight of me ;

—1 cannot blame her-—

Wyy Love forswore me in my Mothers Womb,

And for I should not deal in his soft Laws,

He. did corrupt frail Nature with some Bribe

To shrink my Arm up like a wither d Shrub,

To make an envious Monntain on myback,

Where fits Deformity to mock my Boaly,

To shape my Legs of an unequal size,

To disproportion me in every part :

And am l then a man to be belov'd ?

O monstrous Thought ! more vain my Ambition.

Enter a Gentleman hastily.

Gcnt. My Lord, I beg your Grace———
Rich, Be gone, Fellow——— Pm not at-leisure —-
Gent. My Lord, the King your Brother's taken Ill.
Rich, I'll wait on him, leave me, Friend — wy

Ha! Edward ta'en ill ! ————

Wo:2d hewere wasted, Marrow-bones and all,

© That from his loins no more young Brats may rise

Tocross me 1; the golden time I look for ———

But see, my Love appears : Look where she shines,

Darting pale Luitre, Ikke the. Silver Moon

Through her dark Vell of Rainy sorrow :

So mourn'd the Dame of Ephesus her Love, |

And tlius the Soldier arm'd with Resolntion
Told his soft tale, and was thriving Woer.
Tis true, my Form perhaps, will little move her,

Bitive 2 Tongue shall wheadie with the Devil.
Yet hold ; She mourns the Mir, whon I rave kilÞPd

First, let her sorrows take {>me vent - Stand here ;

PII take her passion in Its wain, and turn
his storm of grict to gentle "drops of pity
For his Repentant Murderer, —— ( He retires,
Enter Learcrs wity King Henry's Body, the Lady Ann in Mourning,

Lord Stanley, Tressel, and Guards, u 6 all advance

ale Tic of the Churc,
/ Lady A. © Hung be the Heavens with black, yield day to night,

© Comets importing change of Times and States,
© Brandish your fiery Trelles in the Sky,
© And with*em scourge the bad reyolting Stars
© That have consented to King Henry's death -
O be Accurst the Hand that shed this Blood ;
Accurst the Head that had the Heart to do jt,
More azreful hap beride that hated Wretch
Than I can wish to Wol-'es, to Spiders, Toads,
Or any creeping venomd thing that lives *

If ever he have Wife, let her be made
Mui miscriabli ly tlic Life of hiu

Than I am now by Edward's death and thine.
Rich. Poor Girl ! What pains she takes to curse her self ? (aparr.
Lady A. If ever be have Child Abortive be it,
Prodigions and Untimely brought to Light,
Whose hideous Form, whose most unnatural Aspe@
/Atay fright the hopeful 73 ther at the view,

And thar be Heir ro his unhappiness,

Now on, to Cherr/cy with your sacred I oad,
Richard comes forward,
Rich. Stay, you that bear the Coarse, and set it down.
Lady A. What blatk CY Conmres up this Fiend
To stop deveted charitable deeds !

Kich. Villains, set down the Coarsc, or, by St. Paul,
OS PII make a Coarle of him that disobeys.

Guard. Ay lord, stand back, M- let the Coffin pass,
Rich, © Uamanger 'd Slaye /

Sramd tou, mon I command :

Advance t y Hatvert higher than my Breast,
Or, by St. Paul, P'l strike thee ro my foot,
And spurn thee, beggar, for this boldness,

from the md -

Lady £.

Laay A. Why dost thou haunt him thus, unsated Fiend ?
Thou had/t but power over his mortal Bo&y,
His Soul thou'canst not reach ;, therefore be cone.
Rich. Sweet Saint, be not jo hard for Charity.
Lady A. If thou delight to view thy heinous dc@ds,
Behold this pattern of thy Butcheries.
Why didf thou do this deed ? Cou'd not the Laws
Of Man, of Nature, nor of Heaven dislwade thee *
No Beast jo fierce, but knows some touch of pity.
Rich. If want of- pity be a Crime so hateful,
Whence 1s it thou, fair Excellence, art guilty ?
Lady A. What means the slanderer ?
Rich. Vouchsafe, Divine Perfettion of a Woman,
Of these my Crimes suppos'd to give me leave
By Circumstance, but to acqui: my self.
Lady 4. Then take that Sword, whose bloody point still reeks
With Henry's Life," With my lov'd Lord young Ewards,
And here let out thy own t' appease their Ghosts.
Rich. By such despair I show'd accuse my self.
Lady A. Why by despairing only canst thou stand excused ?!
Diast thou not kill this King *
Rich, I grant ye.
Lady A, O' he was Gentle, Loving, Mild and Vertuous ;,
But he's 1n Heaven, Where thuu cuaull uover come.
Rich, Was 1 not Kind to send him thither then ?
He was myfh fitter for that place than Earth.
Lady A. And thou unfit for any place but Hell.
Rich. Yes, one place else, if you will hear me name it.
Laay A. Some Dungeon.
Rich. Your Bed Chamber.
Lany A. Ill rest betide the Chamber where thou liest. |
Rich, So it will, Madam, till T lie in yours. +
Lady A. I hope so. | [4
Rich. I know so. But gentle Lady Ann, T |-
To leave this keen encounter of our Tongues,
© And fall to something a more serious method.
1s 0t the causer of th* untimely deaths
Of these Plantagenets, Henry and Edward,
As blameful as the Executioner ?
Lady A. Thou wert the cause, and most accurst effect,
Rich. your Beanty was the cause of that effett -:
Your Beanty that did haunt me in my sleep,
To undertake the Death of all the World,
So 1 might live one hour 1nthat soft Bosom:

Lady 4: I*

L 4 7 Pj lt I tie 11G|, [ r/ "14 9 I tc!! tee, 500 HELL
* 1hese Bards shou'd ren that Bozury trom my Check: 7
ith, T 'C w C 0:0 - cho ENCLATE t11.t Deaitiis VA 7 -
s " 7 1d mit bll j fTfs AY =7 by.
21] the \W oN 1 4 is nourith'd ] by the Sun,

Ee F & JP nee } hi 2h
6 #17 C #5 4+ WE. 1c £3 7.) 4-639 Wy wt Co

[ily 4.1 wou'd it were to be reven od 97 thee.

Rich. ti 4 Quarrel most una ried

To w:{1 revenge 00 him tht loves thee,
[ay 4, Sy rather 'tis my duty,

© Toseck revenpe on him that kill'd my Husband.
Aichb. Fair Creature, he that kill d tliy Husband

© Did it to--- help thee tn a better Husband.
Lady A. Fi: butter does nor breath upon the Eartis.
t «i. Le lives that ove, tC better, than he could.
#8 + !) A. Nuanie hun!.
4p: Planta 7CNCET.,

Laay A. Wir ', that was LC.

Rich. Th /t Fy--0 une Narnit 3 bit 01/0 of /»fter Natliyte.
[Lady A. Where 35 he 2?
Rich. Ah! take more pity in thy Eyes, and see him
lady A. H us they were Basilishs to sprike thee dead.
Rich. 1 wor ad 15, x were, twat I miaht dic at once,

For now the : :H{ 3116 with 4 ving death.

Darting with cruel aim unpiticd Love,

I nezer jucd to Friend or Encry,

NYOd \NT1C could ncover lear , sweet | J; 1:00thing Wora-,

Bit now thy Beat: 'ty 1s = 4 my Fee

My rroud Heart sues, 1nd prompts niy Tongue to speak.
LL y A. 1s therea To 2gve on Earth can sp eak for thee ?

Why cost thou Court my hte ?

Tr:ff. Where will this end ? she frowns upon him yer. [ |

L. Star, But yet she hears him in her frowns ; | fear him. 4 <<
Kh. *O! teachnot thy Icft lip sach cold contempt ——

I' tiy Ruler; Fee: F C.t4t7.6t f0; '01ve,

UN cre T lend bee tha arp p9tute d Sw ane

aa a5-2 + Taft Bs J
E-ES FT; + , FOWF+'4 7 rolid il! a7 15S EY 1 {) CtIT

here.

& 1#: bf iN © i a "Oe bs Fe '/ Os.T that FU CS I ;,Ct

: "££.% iy FB CY FS FS 5 4 «a T X
Ly Te \ HC 133.53) [ 13\ 33 , Of [ )1Te 5 6&1 I. 2yo1

\\ 4 OF , 'F d * a "Wk. \ » , . .
v t1Ci) Lc dd w I v \ \ , [ By s % 4 i C FED

Rich, Nay, do not pause 5 For I aid kil! King Henry,
But *rwas thy wondrous Bearty tnat provoked me;
Nuyer ow arp Etch : Twas I that stab?d young Edward,
But "twas ty Heavenly face that let 7:6 07,
And I might still persist (so stubborn is p
My Ter: per) to rejoice at what Pve done,
But that thy powersul Eyes (as roaring $c1s
Obey the changes ot the Moon) have turiv'd

My Heart, and made it slow with Penitence {Sz les fall rhe Sword.

Tare 1p tbe Sword agen, Or take rp me.
Lady A. No, ti:0 "In ri thy Death,
I wil! not be thy Exccutioner.
Rich, Then bid me kill my self, and T will do it.
Lady A. Ihavec already,
Rich. That was 19 thy rage *
Say it again, and cven with thy word |
© This guilty hand that rob'd thee of thy Love
© Shall for thy Love revenge thee on thy Lover ;
To both their deaths shalt thou be Accessary.
Tress. By Heaven she wants the heart to bid him do't.
Ld. Stan, What think you now, Sir ? |
Tress. Im struck! I scarce can credit what | see.
Ld. Stan. Why, you {see—— A Woman, aside.
Tress. When future Chronicles shall speak of this |
They will be thought Romance, not History.
Rich, What, not a word to pardon or condemn me ?
But thou art wise — and canst with silence kill me ;
Yet even in death my prostrate Soul pursues thee :
Dash not the tears of Penitence away.
I ask but leave t indulge my cold despair
By Heaven, therc's Joy in this extravagance
Ot Woe; 'tis Melting, Soft, *tis pleasing Ruin.
Oh ! *tis too much, too much for Life to bear
This aching tenderness of thought.
Lady 4A. Wowdit thou not blame me'to forgive thy Crimes ?
Rich. They are not to he forgiven : No, not even
Penitence can atone *em, O misery
Of Thougit ! that strices me with at once Repentance
And Delpair ; tho' unpardon ad, yield me pity.
Laay 2 # " OH 'd Lew thy | neart.
Rich, Tis fieurd in my Ton” 11C,
Laay A. ] fear me both are 'alse.
Kich. The wever Man was 7:

Laay A. Pit Þ thy Sword.

Ki b, SAy

Rich. Say then, my Peace is maac.
Lady A. That shalt thou know hereafter,
Rich. But shall I live in hope ?
wr A. All Men, I hope, live 9.

Rich, | swear, bright Saint, I am not what I vas :
Those Ejcs have turnd my stubborn heart to Woman,
This gocdnelss makes me soft in Penitence,

AnJ1 my harsh thoughts are tun'd to Peace and Love.
O! if thy porr devoted Servant migit
Brit beg one fav at thy gracions hand,
Tho! would? confirm his Hay piness for ever.
Eady A. What is it ?
Rich. That it may please thee, leave thele [19 designs
To him that h.4s most cause to be a Mourner,
find presc utly ; pair to Crosby House,
Where, ajtcr I have solemnly Interi'd
At Chertsey Aonastery, this:Jnjur d King,
And wet 11s aka with my repentart Tear: .
I will with all expedient duty see you *
lor divers unknown reasons 1 beseech yors
Grant me this favour.
Lady A. I av my Lor -d, and much it 19ys me to?»
To lee yort are become 0 Penitent.
Tressel a4 Berkley go along with me.
Rich. Bid me Farewell.
Lady A. "Tis more than you deserve ;,
Put since you teach me how to flatter you,
Imavine I have said Farewell already. CExit with Tres; and Berk.
Guard. Toward: Chertse;, my Lord ? ;
Rich. Now t9 White-Fryars, there attend my commg.
CExit with the Body.
Richard Solus,
Rich, (mailing) Tas ever Woinan in this humour wooed !
Ws ever Wonran in this humour wor ?
J il her © Bit 1 will uct keep her lon
Wha! 1 bat RilPd ber Husband and ber #. ther,
To take 2c 10 her Hearts extream ej Date,
FP 5tir Ca: tes 1 a ber m1, ti, Tears in he; Eyes,
Tie vlevdis g 17-17. els "f 21 hatred by,

/ = ; 4 9 [ T, s 8 , $9 J ]. Ln , -þ P
F $5 , t [te SATO '(7 ( Cf (oi/.CE, tis il [; {fe Bars agamjt itity |
Ard z 0 Fried: to vat ny suit withal,
f £,1'e pl. PR 2 PTY rnd JortÞo 23-4: 1999 J ME”
hit => e211; ATE te ung LY IRKI-
' 4 - % * J - - A . ,
4 h 1. 1C $ { 4 3 [HI L, [ : bo -M { 4 » 4 '” © } Lo [ J J7 ! Fe & s i
Chr. = ls: te 1:5 CyES On mmef
3.57 bb. Ss a 7 9p 4 . ,
F.C 60-065 £27 : als LUV Ur S riciety | (72

On me ! that halt and am mishapen, Thus

My Dukedom to a Widows Chastity

1 do mistake my Person all this while !
Upon my life ! she finds, altho I cannot,
Ay self to be a marvellous proper Man,

FI have my Chambers lin'd with Looking-glais
And entertain a score or two of Taylors
To study fashions to adorn my body.
Stnce 1 am crept in favour with my self,
I will maintain it with some little cost.
But first, I'll turn St. Harry to his grave,
And then return lamenting t0 my. Love,

Shine out fair Sun till | salute my Glass,
That I may see my shadow as 1 pass. '( Exit.

SCEN E the Presexmce: Enter the Duke of Buckingham
hastily, Lord Stanly meeting him.

D. Back. Did you see the Duke ?

L. Stan. what D. my Lord?

D.Buck. His Grace of Gloucester, did you see him?

L. Stan. Not lately, my Lord— I hope no ill news.

D. Buck. The worst that heart e're bore, or tongue can utter.
Edward the King ! his Royal Brother's Dead.

L. Stan. 'Tis sad indeed - I wish by your impatience
To acquaint him tho you think it so to him. aside.
Pid the King, my Lord, make any mention
Of a Prote&tor for his Crown and Children ?

D. Buck. He did, Duke Richard has the care of both.

L. Stan. That sad news you are afraid to tell him too. (asiae.

D. Buck. He'll spare no toile, Pm sure to fill his Place !

L. Stan, Pray Heay'n he's not too diligent / (asode:
My Lord, is not that the Dutchess of Tork,

The King's Mother ? coming 1 fear to visit him.

D. Buck. *Tis she ! little thinking what has befallen us.

Enter Dutchess of York.

Datch. Good day, my Lords ! How takes the Kiug his Rest.
D. Buck. Alas ! Madam, toowell! he sleeps for ever ?
Dutch. Dead ! — Good Heay'n support me !

D. Buck, Madam, *twas my unhappy lot to hear

His last Departing Groans, and close his cyes. |
D Dutch.

6 Rs A ACS Bo nes Od bac outs 2,

Dwrch. Ancther taken from me too ! why just Heav'n
Am] still left the last in life and woe ?
© First | bemoan'd a noble Husbands death,
© Yet liv*d with looking on his Images.
© But now my last support is zone, First Clarence,
Now ,Edward 15 forever taken from me.
Both Crutches now the unrelenting hand
Of Death has stricken from my feeble Arms

And 1 must now of force sink down with sorrow.

D. Buck. Your youngeit Son, the Noble Richard lives,
His love I know will feel his Mothers Cares,
And bring new comfort to your latter days.
Dutch. *Twere new indeed ! for yet of him Pve none,
Unless a churlish disobedience may
Be counted from a Child a Mothers Comfort :
© From his malicious grudge | know my Son,
© His brother Clarence death was krst contriv'd,
But may his Penitence find Heav*n's mercy,
Where is the Queen, my Lord ?
D. Buc. 1 left her with her kinsmen deep in Sorrow,
Who have with much adoe perswaded her
To leave the Body - - Madam they are here.

Frnter the Oxecn attmded with Rivers and Dorset, and others.

Gueen. Why do you thus oppose my grief, unless
To make me Rave, and Weep the faster? Ha!
My Mother too in Tears! Fresh Sorrow strikes
My heart, at fight of every Friend, that knew
My Edward living — O Mother | He's Dead /
F dward, my | ord, thy Son, our King is Dead.
O that my CyCcs cou "d weep away my Soul !
Then might follow worthy of his Hearse.
> 1. $:an. Your Duty, Madam, bf a Wife is Dead,
And now the Mother's only claims your care.
Think on the Prince your Son : send for him strait,
And let his Coronation clear your eyes.
Bury your griefs, in the dead Edward's Grave,
Revive your Joys on living Edward's Throne.
Oween, Alas ! That thonght, but adds to my Aﬀiiftions.
New ns for Edward gone, and-fears for Edward living,
An he!pleis Child, and his Minority
ls in the Trust of his Kern Uncle Gloucester,

A 4..an that trowns on me, and all of mine. (Weeps.

D. Buck. Judge not so hardly, Madam, of his love,
Your Son will find i in him a Father's Care.

Wu At - RA; EO .

#4 vane Yay

#4 RT on Let a i s

Enter Richard bebind.

Rich. Why ay ! —These tears look well ! forraw's the mode,
And every one at Court must wear it now
W ithal my heart, I'll not be out of Fashion. (aseae.

Oucen, My Lord, just Heay*n knows I never hated Richard,
But wou'd on any terms embrace his friendship.

D.Buck. These words would make him weep, —I know him yours.

See where he comes in sorrow for our loss.
Rich. My Lords, —good morrow—Cousin of Buckingham,
lam yours—— Ne, (Weeping.
D. Buck. Good morrow to your Grace.
Rich. Methinks
We meet, like men, that had forgot to speak.
D. Buck, We may remember : But our argument
Is now too mournful to admit much talk.
Rich. It is indeed ! Peace be with him has made it so.
Sister | Take Comfort—Tis true we've all cause
To mourn the dimming of our shining Star :
But sorrow never cov'd revive the dead ——
— And if it cou'd, hope wov'd prevent our tears, ,
Sowe must weep, because we weep in.valn.
Madam, my Mother—I do cry your mercy.
My grief was blind—1T did not see your Grace,
Aoft bumbly on my knee I crave your Blessing.
Fury Thou haft it, and any thy dE: able
Heart, and Tongue love one another, may Heaven
dcdow thy breast with meekness, and obedience.
Rich. Amen, and make me die 4'g80d old man,
That's the old Butt-end of a Mother's Blessing ;
1 marvel that her Grace did leave it out, ( aside.
D. Buck. My Lords, I think "twere fit, that now Prince Edward
Forthwith from Ludlow shou'd be sent for home,
In order to his Coronation. :. i, . Bi
Rich. By all means, my Lords, come let's in to Counsel,
And appoint who shall be the messengers.
Madam, and you my Sister, please you go
To give your sentiments on this occasion ?
Queen, My Lord, your Wisdom needs no help from me,
My glad consent you have in all that's just :
Or for the peoples good, tho I suffer by't.
Rich, Please you to retire, Madam, we shall propose
What you ll not think the peoples wrong, nor yours.

D 2 Queer:

Y f 4s Ms
{gta en. a4
A Fo y a. . o -

>See — Ls *

Ozeen. May Heav'n prosper all your good intents. ( Exit.
with all but Buck. and Richarg
Rich. Amen, with all my Heart. For mine's the Crown.
And is not that a good one ? ha/ Pray'd she not well, Cousin ?
D. Buck. I hope she prophesied — You now stand Fair.
Rich. Now by St. Paul, | feel it here ! Methinks
The massy weight ont galls my laden Brow,
What think | thou, Cousin, wer t not an casie matter
To get Lord Stanley's hand to help it on.
© D. Buck. Mv Lord, [| doubt that for his Fathers sake,
He loves the Prince to well. he'll scarce be won
© To anything against hi. ,
Rich. Poverty the reward or: Honest Fools
O'retake him fort ! what thinkst thou then of Hastings?
D. Buck. He shall be tri'd my Lord : I'll find out Cate:by,
Who shall at subtle distance sound his thoughts,
But we must still suppose the worst may happen,
What if we find him cold in our design ?
Rich._ Chop of his head. — Something we'll soon determine.
But haste, and find out Carey,
That done, follow me to the Counsel Chamber ;
We'll not be seen rogether much, nor have
It known that we confer in Private— Therefore
Away good Coustn.
D. Buck. 1 am gone, My Lord. (Exit. Buck.
Rich, Thus far we run before the wind—Let me see,
The Prince will soon be here — let him—the Crown !
O yes! he shall have twenty, Globes, and Scepters too
New ones made to play withall— But no Coronation !
No ! nor no Court flies about him, no Rinsmen
— Hold ye ! — Where shall he keep his Court !——
—Ay ! —the Tower. |

The end of the Second A C T.

ACT

A C TI the II.

Eater Prince Edward, with the Dukes of Gloucester, Buckingham,
Lord Stanley, Treflel, and Attendaurs.

Rich. © Ow, my Royal Coulin, welcome to 79:40,
Welcume to all thole honour'd Dignitics

Which by your Father's Will, and by your Birth,
You stand the undoubted Heir Possess d of ;
And, it my plain simplicity of Heart
May take the liberty to shew it felt,
You're farther welcome to your Uncles Care
And Love : Why do you sigh, my Lord ?
The weary way bas madc you melancholy.

Pr. Ed. No, Uncle, but our crosses on the way
Have made it Tedious, Wearijome and Heavy,
1 want more Uncles here to welcome me.

Tress. More Uncles.' What means his Highness ? 7

Ld. Stan. Why, Sir, the caretul Duke of Gloucester has
Secur'd his Kinsmen on the way : Lord Rivers, Gray,
Sir Thomas Vaughan, and others of his Friends, Afede:
Are Prisoners now in Pomfrer Castle ; |
On what pretence I boots not : There they are ;
Let the Devil and the Duke alone to accule *em. j

Rich. Ay Lord, the Mayor of London comes to greet you.

Enter Lord Mayor, and Ctizns5,

I d. May. Vouchsate, most Gracious Sovereign to accept
The general Homage of your Loyal City ;
We farther beg your Royal leave to speak
In deep Condolement of yeur Father*s loss -
And, far as our true sorrow will permit
To gratulate your Accession to his Throne.

Pr. Ed. I thank you, good my Lord, and thank yeu all.
Alas, my youth 15 yet unfit to govern,
Therefore the Sword of Justice is inabler hagds
But be assur'd of this, sa much already
I perceivel love you, that tho'] know not yet
To do you offices of good, yetthis I know,
1'd sooner die, than basely do you wrong.

Rich, Ss

——— — A. CC. jp T EROOOS A.

Ur i [0117 [ Ai1Qs

If Rich. So wise, so young, tre; {ay ao
Pr. Ed. My Lords,
I 1lL5roht my Atother hd my Brother York
Vou'd long Ore this have met 15 on the way : .
Say, Duck Gloucester, if our Brother Come, |
VL ere snall we: 'J? WITa7: rl our Coronation © _
Rich. Where it Jes seem best to your Royal sel},
Alay I advise you, Sir, some day or two
Tour Hipnness | hall repose you at the Tower,
Then where you please, and shall be thought most fit
For your best Health and Recreation.
Pr. Ed. Why at the Tower ? But be it as you please.
Buc, My Lord, your Brother's Grace of Tork.
E Rs the young Duke of York attended. en
Pr. Fd. Richard of York ! How fat es our dearest Brotner ?
D. Tork. © O! my dear Lord! Sol niuse call you now. [ embras:ng.
Pr. Ed. 7, Brother, 19 ovr orief, as it is yours :
Tou-soon te dy” 1 who m ght have better worn
That Title, which in me will loose its Majesty.
Rich. ow /ares err Cousin, Noble Lord of York?
D.York. Thark you kindly, dear Uncle. O my Lord.
Tow jerd tat Idle W eeds were fast in grow»,
The King my Brother has out grown me far.
Rich. He huts ny Lord.
D.York. Andth nerefore ts be Tate ?
Rich. O pretty Coulin, 1 must not say 10.

m—_— OE CO A oe ee en dt le et ae ee ee RR Gn ISS

D. York. Nay, Uncle, 1don't belions the {sayings true,
For it it were, you 'd be an Idle Weed.
Es * Rich. How /o, C 9111. ?
+ WT + | York. Pccause Poe heard Folks fury you grew so fast
Tous Teeth nou d £14W # C11:ft at two hours old,

DN {V4 to vears Cer I cond get a Tooth. aye
I Riu, lndeed—1 find the Brat is taught this lesson. ( Asrae.

\ FH Who told thee this, my Pretty merry Cousin ?

IX York. Wy, 1019 Nexse, Oncle

Ric. Ps 7 5 Þ M / "Its EC: mad, she any dead before thou were born,

DD. York. /; twas 15t sue, [ Car 7 tell who told me. G
Rich, 14 194. ts: pity th:01t art short liv'd. [Alde
F Fi. Ed. M1 Rroter, Uncle, 1: be cross in ta {/k.
| + R ici, FS tear not, my Lord, we shall nc\ er Quezrrel.
F: Pg, Ed. 1» "Ee your Grace knows how to bear with tam ©
[ 17, Yo! tk, Toicmean to br as #ot 19 bear IHR nic,
Grielt, ny brogrier 1m9CKs 601: Vous and me,
Becit:. Port | an tile, l;* 178 Apt. :

He thinks that yor: should bear me on your shoulders.
Pr. Ed. Fie, Brother, I Dave no such meaning.
Ld. Stan. With what a fhrarp provided Wit he reasons,
To mitigate the scorn he gives his Vucle :
He prettily and aptly taunts himself,
Tresl. $9 cunning, and [9 yours, is wmrdersl,
Rich. Ady Lord, wilt plealeyou p fs along ?
Ay self, and my good Cousin Buckingham
HVill to your Alotner to entreat of ler
To meet and bid you welcome at the lower.
D. York. What will you 90 19 the Tower, my dear I 0; !
Pr. Ed. My Lord Protettor will have it [0.
NN. Vork. / sh4it sleep in quict at the Tower.
Rb, 1] warrant you. King Heary lay there,

Aicde.

And he sleeps in quiet. [ Aside.

Pr. Ed. What shoi'd you ear, Brother ?
D. York. My Cncle Clarence Ghost, my Lord.
Aly G randinother told me he was khilPd there,
Pr. Ed. I fear no Uncles dead. [
Rich, © Nor any, Sir, that live, I hope.
Pr. Ed. I hope so too But come, my Lords, SE
To the Tower, lince It mult he so. (Ex. allbut R. md B
D. Buc. Think you, my Lord, this little praring York |
Was not instretted by bis subtle Mother
To taunt and scorn you thus Opprobriously ?
Rich. © No doubt, no doubt. O ! "ts a shrewd youny Master:
Stubborn, Bold, Quick, Forward and Capable ;
He 15 all the Mothers from the Top to Toe:
But let them rest * now what /ays Catesby ?
D. Buc. My Lord, 'tis ouch asl suspeQed, and
He s here himself to inform you.
Enter Catesby.
Rich. So, Cateby, hast thou been tampering? What News ?
Car. My Lord, acccording to the instrufion given me,
With words at distance dropt I sounded Hastings,
Piercing how far he did affe& your purpose, '
To which indeed I found him Cold, Unwilling,
The sum is this, he seem'd a while to understand me not.
Atlength from plainer speaking urg'd to answer,
He said in heat, rather than wrong the Head
To whom the Crown was due, he'd lose his own:
Rich. Indeed, his own then answer for that saying,
He shall he taken care of : Mean while Catesby.
Be thou near me : C9us of Buckingham

Lets lose no time © The Mayor and Citizens |
Are now in buifie meeting at Guild-Hall,
© Thither I'd haye you haste immediately,
And at your mectest *'vantage of the time
Improve those Hints I gave you late to speak of :
But above all, mfer the Bastardy
Of Edvard's Children ;
Nay, for a need, thus far come near my Person,
Tell 'em, when my Mother went with Child of him,
Aly Princely Father then had Wars in France,
And by eric Computation of the time
Found, that the issue was not his begot,
Which in his lineaments too plain appear'd,
Being nothing like the Noble York my Father :
Tet touch this sparingly, as 'twere far of ,
Because, my Lord, you know my Mother lives.
D. Buc, * Doubt not, my Lord, Pll play the Orator
As if my selt might wear the Golden Fee,
© For which TI Plead,
Rich. If you thrive well, bring*em $9 see me here,
Where you shall find me seriously employ?d
With the molt Learned Fathers of the Church.
D. Buc. | fly, my Lord, to serve you.
Rich. To serve thy self, my Cousin ;
For look, when I am King, claim thou of mc
The Earldom of Hereford, and all those Moveables,
Whereof the King my Brother ficod pessest.
D. Buc. I shall remember that your Grace was Bountiful.
Rich. Cousin, I have said it.
B. Bruce. 1 am gone, my Lord. [Exit Buc.
Rich. So—Pve fsecur'd my Cousin here : These Moveables
Will never let his Brains have rest tillI am King : Carey,
Go thou with speed to Pottor Shaw, and thence
© ToFryar Bexker : Haste, and bid 'em both
© Attend me here, within an hour at farthest : CExi:Cates by
Mean while my private orders shall be given
To lock up all admittance to the Princes.
Now, by St. Pal, the work goes bravely on-—
How many frighttul stops wou'd Conscience make
in some soft heads to undertake like me -
Come; this Conscicnce is A convenient Scarecrow,
[t Guards the fruit which Priests and Wisemen task,
ho never sct it uÞ to tright themselves :
They kaow ?tis rags, 3nd gather in the face on't,

md —_ A
p - - V oy _ - - <a .. US _
h i = LP. * » - dg > . # — f -
as "DV — OnNENSRA-: OE_m— OT. TT omnom—om—— TWIouIononoE WIE YEE” PUR -TITOIe. > eau & _.”" — _ — -
c©ny » a9. "- Ja » ry + ” - 4 .
ES ates AIR WS SL Bs i " > 0" , $2. - fs q F
V * . . © & I - .
oo ; Fo Vers LS IERuzE2az . S
4 wet p .* . . = No
ET _— —— . oy ws —_— ry
4 * ' : ee on "RT "WOT —_— BY; _ a a
k - —_—ros ———— _ a PY ON « ang > I VIE £44,

s - 4 so
— DG -— —— ———__—_— ——

Om—_—_— — ——_—_

CO CST My ALT

— __ m—_—_ --_. = Yr

\W hilc

While half-starv'd shallow Davrs thro Fear are honest.
Why were Laws made, but that we're Rogues by Nature ?
Conscience ! 'tis our Coin, we live by parting with it, -
And he thrives best that has the most to spare :
The protesting Lover buys hope with it,
And the deluded Virgin fhortliv'd pleasure.
Old gray beards cram their Avarice with it,
Your Lank-jaw'd hungry Judge will dine upon't,
And hang the Guiltlels rather than eat his Mutton cold.
The Crown'd Head quits it for Despotick sway,
The stubborn People for unaw'd Rebellion :
There's not a Slave but has his share of Villain ;
Why then shall after Ages think my deeds
Inhumane ? Since my worst are but Ambition :

Ev'n all Mankind to some lov'd 1I]s incline,

Great Men chuse Greater Sins —Ambition's mine. [Extt.

Enter Lady Ann. Sola.

Lady A. When, when shall I have rest? Was Marriage made
To be the Scourge of our Offences here ?
Ah no / *'Twas meant a Blefling to the Vertuous,
It once was so to me, tho* now my Curse :
The fruit of Edward's Love was sweet and pleasing :
But oh ! Untimely cropt by cruel Richard,
Who rudely having grafted on his stock
Now makes my Life yield only sorrow.
Let me have Musick to compose my thoughts. [Song here.
It will not be : Nought but the grave can close my Eyes.
—— How many labouring Wretches take their refs,
While I, night after night, with cares lie waking,
As if the gentle Nurse of Nature, Sleep,
Had vow'd to rock my peevish sense no more.
< O partial sleep / Canst thou in smoaky Cottages
Stretch out the Peasants Limbs on Beds of Straw,
And lay him fast, cram'd with distressful Bread ?
Yet in the softest breeze of Peaceful Night
Under the Canopies of costly State,
Tho” lulFd with sounds of sweetest melody,
Refuse one moments slumber toa Princess?
O mockery of Greatness ! But see,
He comes! The rude disturber of my Pilloyy,

E E gter

—_—— SOR redo ares am. .. . Da ACS on.

Enter Richard, Aloof.
Rich. Ha ! still in tears ; let 'em slow on; theyre signs |
Of a substantial grief—— Why dowt he die ? |
She must : My Interest will not let her live.
The fair Elizabeth has caught my Eye,
My Heart's vacant ; and she shall fill her place— | Ald
They say that Women have but tender hearts, ? (Aside.
Tis a mistake, I donbt ; Vve found *em tough -
They'll bend, indeed : But he must strain that cracks 'em.
All I can hope*s to throw her into sickness :
Then I may send her a Physicians help. 3
So, Madam : What, you still take care, I see
To let the World believe | love you not,
This outward Mourning now, has malice in't,
So have these sullen disobedient tears :
I'll have you tell] the World I doat on you.
Lady 4. | wish I could, but 'twill not be believ'd:..
Have 1 deserv'd this usage ?
Rich. You have : You do not please me as at first. ,
Lady A. What have I done ? What horrid Crime committed ?
Rich. To me the worst of Crimes, out-liv'd my liking.
Lady A. It that be Criminal, Just Heaven be kind,
And take me while my Penitence is warm :- |
O Sir, forgive, and kill me.
Ricy. Umh ! No, The medling World will call it murder.
And I wou'd have 'em think me pitifull :
Now wert thou not afraid of self-DestruQion,
Thon hast a fair excuse for't.
Lady A. How fain wou'd I be Friends with Death ? O name it.
Rich. Thy Husband's hate : Nor do I hate thee only
From the dull'd edpe of sated Appetite
But from the eager Love | bear another :
Some call me Hypocrite : What think'st thou now,
Do l difsemble ?
Lady A. Thy Vows of Love to me were all disembled.
Rich. Not one : For when I told thee so, I loy'd :
Thou art the only Soul | never yet deceir'd -
And 'tis my honesty thot tells thee now
With all my heart, I hate thee ———
{t this have no Effet, she is immortal. ( Afrae.
{.ady A. Forgive me Heaven, that 1 forgaye this Man.
O may my story told in after Ages,
tive warning, tO our caste Sexes cars :
May 3t Haveil the hcarts of Mecn, azd strike

Them

Them deaf to their dissimulated Love, LEmer Catesby
Cat. My Lord, his Grace of Buckingham attends

Your Highness Pleasure. : |
Rich. Wait on him ; I'll expe&t him here, (E xg Cat.

Your Absence, Madam, will be neceslary.
Lady A. Wou'd my death were so. (Exvr.
Rich. It may be shortly.

So, my Cousin, What say the Citizens ? Emer Backingharns

D. Buc. * Now, by our hopes, my Lord, they're senseless stones,
Their heftating fear has struck 'em dumb. TE
Rich. Touch'd you the Bastardy of Edward's Children ?
D. Buc. 1 4jd, with his Contratt to Lady Lucy.
INay, his own Bastzerdy and Tyranny for Trifles ;
Laid open all your Vittories in Scotland,
Tour Discipline in War, Wisdom in Peace +
Torr Bounty, Justice, fair Humility.
Indeed left nothing that might gild our Cause
Untonxch'd, or slightly handled in my talk,
And when my Oration drew towards an end,
I urg*d of them that lowd their Countries good
Ts Z you right, and cry, Long live King Richard:
Rich. And did they so ?
D. Bus. * Not one, by Heaven : But each like Statues fix'd
Speechless and Pale, star'd in his fellows Face,
Which when I saw, 1 reprehended them,
And ask'd the Mayor what meant this wilfull silence ?
His answer was, the people were not ns'd X
To be spoken ro but by the Recorder, -
Who then took on him to repeat my words. |
Thus saith the Duke, thus has the Duke inferr'd © <.
But nothing «rg*d in Warrant from himself.
When he had done, some Followers of my
Ax lower end of th' Hall, burl'd up their Caps,
nd some ten voices cry d, God save King Richard,
At which I took the *vantageof those few,
And cryd, Thanks gentle Citizens and Friends,
This general Juvres and cheerful shout |
Argues your Wisdom, and your Love to Richard,
And even here broke of, and came _ (
Rich. O Tongzeless Blocks | Wou'd they not speak ?
Will not the Mayur then and his Brethren come !
D. Buc, The Mayor 6s here at band : Feign you some fear,
And be xot spoke with, but by mighty suit :
A Prayer-Book in your hand, my _ were Well,

ee a dt

POT OT VET TIE

Standing between two Churchmen of Rep.te,
For on that ground [ll make an holy descant :
Tet be not easily won to our Request s,
© Seem like the Virgin, feartul of your wishes,
Rich. * My other self ! My CounsePs Confistory /

My Oracle ! my Prophet ! My dear Cousin / . LEmbracinr.

*1, as a Child, will go by thy direction.
D. Buc. Hark ! the Lord Mayor's at hand : Away, my Lord;
Nor doubt, but yet we reach our point propos'd. |
Rich. We cannot fail, my Lord, while you are Pilot,

A little flattery sometimes does well. C A/ide.) CExi Rich.

Enter Lord Mayor, and Citizens.
D. Buc.. Welcome, my Lord, I dance attendance here ;

I'm afraid the Duke will not be spoke muhal. [ Enter Catesby.

Now, Catesby, what says your Lord to my request ?
Cat, My Lord, he humbly does entreat your Grace
To visit him to morrow, or next day.
Hes now retir 'd with two Right Reverend Father:
Diwvinely bent to Meditation, |
And in no worldly suits wou'd be mov/d,
To merrupt his Holy Exercise,
D, Buc. Rerwrn, £594 Catesby, to the gracious Duke :
Teil him, my Self, the Mayer, and Citizens,
In atep desupns, 1n matters of great moment,
No less importing than our general good,
Are come to have some Conference with his Grace.
Cat. My Lord, Ill instantly inform his Highness.
D. Buc. Ab ! my good Lord ! This Prinec is not n Edward,
He 15 mot Iulling on a lewd Love-bed ;;
But on bis knees at Meditation :
Nos dallying with a vrace of Curtizans,
But with two _ Drvines in secret praying.
Happy were England wou'd this Vertuous Prince.
T akg on himself the toil of Sovereignty.
Ld. May. Happy indeed, my Lord.
He will not surerefuse our proffer'd Love ?: *
D. Buc. Alas my Lord, you know him not, his mind's
Abovethis World ; he's for a Crown Immortal !
Look there! His door opens : Now where's our hope ?
Ld. May. See where his Grace:st ands 'rween two Clergymen *?
D. Buc. Ay, ay; tis there he's caught - There's his Ambition.
Ld. May. How low he bows to thank *em for their care!
And, see, a Praycr-Book in his hand !
D. Buc. Woud he were King, we'd:give him leave.to pray.
Mcthinks I wish it for the loye he bearsithe City, How

How have I heard bim vow |. 2 thought it Hard
The'Mayor should lose his Title with his Office ?
Well! who knows ? he may be won ?
Ld. May. Ah! my Lord !
D. Buc. See ! Hecomes forth : my Friends be resolute,
I know he's cautious to a fault but do not
Leave him till our honest suit be granted.
Enter Richard with a Dook.
Rich. Cousin of Buckingham !_
I do beseech your Grace to pardon me,
Who, earnest in my Zealons Meditation,
So long deferr'd the service of my Friends :
Now ai 1 fear I've done some strange offence,
That looks disgracious in the City's Eye ;, If so,
Tis Fust you shon'd reprove my Ignorance.
D. Buc, Tox have, my Lordi; We wish your Grace
On our entreaties wou'd amend your fault.
Rich. Else wherefore breath I in a Christian Land ?
D. Buc. Know then it 1s your fault, that you resion
The Sceptred Office of your Ancestors,
Fair England's Throne, . your own due right of Birth,
To the Corruption of a blemisht stock,
While in the Mildness of your sleeping thoughts, £
(Which here we waken to our Country's good)
This wounded Isle does want her proper Limbs,
©Whick to recure, joyn'd with these Loyal Men,
Your very Worshipful and Loving Friends, |
And by their vehement Instigation
In this Just Cause, 1 come to move your Highness,
That on your gracious self yowd take the Charge
And Kingly Government of this your Land,
Not as Protettor, Steward, Substitute, -
Or lowly Faftor for another's Gain :
But as suceessively from Blood to Blood,
Your own, by right of Birth, and lineal Glory.
Rich, I cannot tell, if to depart in silence,
Or bitterly to speak in your reproof,
Fits best with my Degree or your Egnaition :
< Therefore to speak in just refusal of your suit,
And then in speaking not to check my Friends.
Definitively thus I answer you ;;
Tour Love deserves my Thanks, but my desert
Unmeritable shuns your fond Request - |
For, Heaven be thanked, there is no need of me ;;

Pe ni"... cs...

The Royal flock has left us Royal fruit, 4
Which mellon*d by the stealing bours of time,
Il! well become the seat of Aajesly,
And make ns (#10 doubt) happy by bis Reign.
On lim I lay what you wowd lay on me,
The Right and Fortune of his happy Stars,
© Which Heaven forbid my thoughts shoud rob him of.
D. Buc. My Lord, this argues Conscience in your Grace,
But Circumstances well consider'd :
The weak respetts thereof are nice and trivial.
Tou say that Edward was your Brothers Sor:
So'say we too, but not by Edward®s Wife -

© If solemn Contrads are of any force,

That Title Justice gave to Lady Lucy -

Even of his Birth cou'd I severely speak ;

© Save that for reverence to some alzve,

I give 4 pairing limit to my Tongue.
Ld. May. Upon our knees, my Lord, we beg your Grace

Towear this precious Robe of Dignity,

Which on a Child must fit too loose and heavy.

Tis yours ; befitting both your Wisdom and your Birth.
Cat. My Lord, this coldness is unkind,

Nor suits it with such ardent Loyalty ?
D. Buc, O make 'em happy :* Grant their Lawful Suit,
Rich. Alas! Why word you heap thiscare on me ?

I am unfit for State and Majesty.

I thank you for your Loves, but must declare

. (I do beseech you take it not amiss)

I will not ! dare not / must not yield to you.
D. Buc. If you refuse ns throngh a soft remorse,

Loth to depose the Child, your Brether*s Son :

(As well we know your tenderness of Heart)

Tit know, tho" you deny us to the last,

Tour Brother's Son shall never Reign our King *

But we will plant some other in the Throne,

To the disgrace and downfall of your House.

And thus-resolv'd 1 bid you, Sir, Farewell.

My Lord, and Gentlemen, 1 crave your pard®

For this vain trouble - W intent was f£oog,

wou'd have served my Country and my King ;

But "twill not be : Farewel / When next we meet -—-
Ld. 1ay, Be not too rash, my Lord, his Grace relents.

D. Brc. Away, you but deceive your selves - - CE xit Buc.

Cat. Callnmm 497439 ; sweer Prince accept their /vctF

La. May.

Ld. May. If you deny us, all the Land will rue it,
Rich, Call him again—Tou will enforce m.e to
A World of cares ;, I am not made of stone,
But penetrable to your kind entreatics :
Tho Heaven knows against my own Inclining.
Cousinof Buckingham, and sage grave Men. {Re-enter Bc.
Since you will buckle Fortune on my Back
To bear ber burthen whether 1 will or no,
I must have patience to endure the load :
But if black Scandal or foul-fac d Reproac!.
Attend the sequel of your Imposition,
Torr meer Enforcement shall Acquittance me -:
For Heaven knows, as you may all partly sec,
Flow far I am fromthe desire of this.
Ld. May. Heaven guard your Grace : Wesee it, and will [ay it.
Rich. You will but say the truth, my Lord.
D. Bac, My heart's so full it scarce has vent for words ,
My knee will better speak my duty now. [Xneels.
Long live our Soveraign, Richard King of England.
Rich. Indeed your words have touch'd me nearly Cousin :
Pray rise, I wish you cou'd recall 'em.
D. Bc. It wou'd be Treason now, my Lord : To morrow,
If it so please your Grace, from Counsel |
Orders shall be given for your Coronation.
Rich. Ever when youplease * for you will have t so.
D. Buc. To morrew then we will attend your Highness*
And now me take our leaves with joy.
Rich. Consin Adien! my loving Friends farewel -
I must ts my Holy Work again. CExeunt B. and Cirizons.
Ric har d. Solus,
Why now my golden dream is out
Ambition like an early Friend throws back
My Curtains with an eager Hand, o'rejoy'd
To tell me what I dreamt is true— A Crown /
Thou bright reward of ever daring minds,
O ! How thy awful Glory wraps my Soul !
Nor can the means that got thee dim thy lustre;
For, not mens Love, Fear pays thee Adoration -
And Fame not more survives from Good than Evil deeds.
TH aspiring youth that sir'd th* Ephesiav Dome
Out-lives in Fame the pious Fool that rais'd it:
Conscience, lie still—More lives must yet be drain'd, ;
Crowns got with Blood must be with Blood maintain'd; [Exir.

The Enaof the Thira ACT...

Y — —— — ol —_— _ —c

A C T the Fourth.

The SCENE, The Tower.

Enter the two Princes with the Queer, the Dutchess of York, and Lady Ann :»

CATS,

Pr. Ed. Ray, Madam, do not Jeave me yet,
For I have many more complaints to tell you.
Oucen, And I unable to redress the lealt :
F What woudst thou say, my Child ?
} -, Ed. O Mother ! Since [ first haye lain i'th' Tower |
My _ has still been broke with frighttul Dreams,
Or shocking News has wak'd me into tears.
Pm scarce allow'd a Friend to visit me -
All my old honest Servants are tnrn'd off,
And in their rooms are strange 11]-natur'd fellows,
Who look so bold, as they wereall my Masters ;
And, I'm afraid, "they'll shortly take you from me.
Dutch. YT. O mournful hearing !
Lady A. O unhappy Prince !
1 D. Tork. Dear Brother, why do you weep so ?
You make-me cry too.
Oueen. Alas, poor Innocence !
{ _ Pr. Ed, Wou'd I but knew at what my Uncleaims ;
j It "twere my Crown, I'd freely givelt him,
So he but let me 'Joy my life in quiet.
D. York, Why ! will my Uncle kill us, Brother ?
Pr. Ed. 1 hope he wo'n't : We never in jur'd him.
«cer, 1 cannot bear to see 'em thus. ———— Weeping.
& - Enter to them, Lora Stanley.
F.o. S:#n». Madam, I hope your Majesty will pardon
What I am griev'd tO tell, Unwelcome News.
('ueen. Ahme! more sorrow yet ! My Lord, we've long
Deipair d of happy Tydings, pray what iv't ! ?
Ld. Stk”. On T3 [day lalt, y OUT noble Kinsimen Rit Vers,
Grey, and Sir Tomas Fargran at Pomjret,
Were Executed on a Puvlick Scaffold.

D. Tork,

D;1ch, YT, O dismal Tydings,
| £r, Eq, O poor Uncles ! I doubt my turn is next,

Lady 4, Nor mine, I fear, far off.

Lucen. Why, then let's welcome Blood and Massicre
Yield all our Throats to the fierce Tygers rage, |
And die lamenting one another's wrongs,
O! I focesaw this ruin of cur House. [Hees:

Enter Catesby to Lady Ann. ec

Cat. Madam, the King
Has sent me to inform your Majesty
That you prepare (as is advis'd from Counsel)
To morrow for your Royal Coronation.
Oueen, What do I hear ? Support me, Heaven !
Lady. DBespightful Tydings ! O unpleasing News !
Alas, 1 heard of this before, but cou'd not
For my foul take heart to tell you of it.
Cat. The King does further wish your Majesty
Wou'd less employ your visits at the Tewer.
He gives me leave t? attend you to the Court,
And is impatient, Madam, till he sees you.
Lady A. Farewelto all, and thou, poor injur'd Queen :
Forgive theunfriendly duty I must pay,
Oxeen. Alas, kind Soul, I envy not thy Glory,
Nor think I'm pleas'd thou'rt partner in our sorrows.

Cat, Madam. —

Lady A. 1 come
Ouren, Farewel, thou woeful welcomer of Glory,

Cat. Shall I attznd your Majelty ?

Lady A. Attend me ! Whither, to be Crown'd ?
[t me with deadly Venomebe Anointed,
And die &er Men can say, Long live the Queen,

ueen. Poor grieving heart, I pity thy complaining.

Lady 4. No more thau with my Sout I morn for yours:
A long farewel to all, —

1.d. Stan, Take comfort, Madam.

Oneen. Alas, where is it to be found ?

Death and Destruction follow us {o close,

They shortly must ofretake us.

Li. Stan. In Brittany
My $on-in-Law the Earl of Richmond sill
Res,des, who with a jealous Eye observes
The lawless actions of aspiring Richard :
To him, (wowd 1 2dvise you) Madam, fly

Forthwith for Aid, ProteQion, and NIL

(Exit Lady A. and Cat:

Hewill !'m fare with open arms receiye you,
D. Tork, Delay not Madam,
For *tis the only hope that Heaven has left us.
Oucn. Do with me what you please : For any Change
Mult surely better our Condition.
Ld. Stan, | farther wou'd advise you, Madam, this
Instant to remove the Princes to some
W Remote Alode, where you your self are Mistress.
Pr. Ed, Dear Madam take me hence : For I shall neer
Enjoy a moments, quiet hete.
D. Tork. Nor I : Pray Motlier let me go too *
Oueen, Come then, my pretty young ones, lets away -
For here you lie within the Falcon's zeach,
— Who watches but th' vnguarded hour to seize you.
Enter the Lieutenant with an Oracr.
i Liex. I beg your Majesty will pardon me :.
+ But the young Princes mult, on no account,
i Have Epress from the Tower,
Nor must, without the King” $ especial Licence,
Of what depree soever, any Person
Have admittance to em. All must retire.
Qzeen. ©I amtheir Mother, Sir, who else commands * em ?
| © If I pass freely, they shal] fol'ow me.
} * For you— Pl take the peril of your fault upon my self.
Lieu. My Inclination, Madam, wou'd obi!ge you,
© But I am bound by Oarh, and must obey.
Nor, Madam, can I now with safety answer
PL this continued Visit,

pt mY _

i —_— — _ — . — ” & uf
I = T » — ww? -
wes þ_—_ u
> AS +»? , . I es.
by. - BY ®

VOTE 0p rs me IR
8 ME ETY :

— F, J4 wi

rn ; m" , _ "N
Yo, 9 IR. + = tees

Oucen, O Heavenly powers ! Shall not I stay with*em ?
\n Lieu. Such are the Kings Commands, Madam.
Cuecn. My Lord!
A Cd.Stan. "Tis too true, and it were vain t' oppose em.
©ucen. Support me Heaven !
F For life can never bear the pangs of such a parting.
| 4 O my poor Children! O diltratting thought ?
b [ dare not bid *em (as 1 shou'd) farewel,
Ant then to part in silence stabs my Soul.
Pr, Ed. What, must you leave us, Mother ?
O:ec;:. \Whar shall I say ? (Aside.
But for a time, my Loves

we shall meet again,

\ At least in Heaven. [To ber sel}.
? | P. Tor, Wont you take me with yon, Mother ?
a ifhall be so fraid to [cay WIC! JOU are gone,

$ Omen, |

1se you myLord to read these Orders. (Grves'em Ld. Stanley.

Or shall they

teen, 1 cannot speak to 'em, and yet we must
Be parted —Then let these kisses say farewel, [kissing 'c>»
Why ! O wh; just Heavcn, mult these be our last ?
D.Tork. Give not your grief such way : be sudden when vou part.
Ocen. 1 will-- since it mult be, to Heaven lleave 'em.
Hear me, you Guardian powers of Innocence ! go
Awake or sleeping - O ! protett 'em still,
Still may their helpless youth attract mens pity ;
That when the arm of Cruelty is rais'd,
Their looks may drop the lifted Dagger down
From the stern murderers relenting hand,
And throw him on his knees in penitence.
Both Pr. O Mother ! Mother !
Queen. O my poor Children! (Ex. parted severally;

The Scene changes to the Presence, discovering Richard seated
with Buckingham, Catesby, Ratcliff, Lovel, other Lora
aud Attendants.

Rich, Stand all apart : Cousin of Buckingham.
Buc. My gracions Sovereign.
Rich. Give me thy haxd :
At length by thy advice and thy assist ance
1s Richard seated on the English Throne.
But say, my Cousin, what, F
Shall we wear these Glories for a day ?
last, and we rejoyce in em ?
Buc. | hope for Ages, Sir, Long may they Grace you:
Rich, O Buckingham ! now do / play the tonch-stone,
To try if thou be current Friend indeed,
© Young Edward lives : -So does his Brother York.
© Now think what I wou'd speak /
Buc. * Say on, my gracious Lord.
Rich. 1 tell thee, Cuz, Pve lately had two Spiders
Crawling upon my startled hopes : Now tho?
Thy friendly hand has brush'd 'em from me,
Yer still they Crawl oftenfive to my Eyes,
} wou'd have some Friend to tread upon 'em.
I wou'd be King, my Consin- -
Buc. Why jo I chink you are, my Royal Lord.
Rich. Ha, am 1 King ? *Tis so—But—Edward l;jves !
Buc. Molt true, my Lord,

» Rich,

WG ag re —_—_

A SS...

Rich. Corsi, thou wert ,0t wont to be so dull —————
Shall I be plain ? 1 wish the Basil ards dead.
And I wou'd have it suddenly perforn?4
Now Cousin, canst thou answer me ?
Buc. None dare atspute your Highness Pleasure.
Rich. © Indeed, methifrks thy kindness freezes Coulin -

© Thou dost refuse me then ! — — They shall not die ?

xc. * My Lord, since 'tis an action cannot be
Recalld, allow me but some pause to think,
II1 instantly resolve your Highness. + (Ex; Buc,

Cat. The King seems angry ;, see he graws his lip.

Rich. 7! henceforth deal with shorter (ighted Fools,
None are for me that look into my Deeds,
© With thinking Eyes ——-

High reaching Buckingham grows Circumspett.

The best on't 1s it may be done without kim,

Tho' not so well perhaps —— had he consented, .

Why, then the murther had been his, not mine. ——.
— Well make a shift as 'tis — Come hither, Care-by.
Where's that same Tirre!/ whom thou toldst me of ?
Hast thou given him those sums of Gold 1 order'd ?

Cat, I have, my Liepe.

Rich, Where is he ?

Cat. He waits your Highness pleafire.

Rich. Give him this Ring, and say my self
Will bring him farther Orders instantly. (Ex. Cart.
The deep reyolving Duke of Buckingham:

No more shall be the Neighbour to my Counsels :
Has he so long held out with me untird,
And stops he now for Breath? Well, be it so —
Enter Lord Stanley.
How now, Lord Stanley ? What”s the News ?
Ld. Stan. I bear, my Liege, the Lord Marquess of Dorset
I: fed to Richmond, now jn Brittany.

Rich. Why let him go, my Lord, hemay be spar'd.
Hark thee, Rarcl;F\, when saw'st thou Army, my Queen ?
Is the still weak ? Has my Physician seen her ?

Rat. He has, my Lord, and fears her mightily.

Rich, But he's 2xcellfng skillful, she'll mend shortly.

Rat. I hope she will, my Lord.

Rich. And, if she does, I have mistook my man, (aside.
1 must be married to my Brother's Daughter,
At whom I know the Brittajn Richmond alms-;
And by that knot looks proudly-on the Crown.

But then to stain me with her Brother's Blood :
Is that the way to wooe the Sisters Love ?
© No matter what's the way — For while they live
My goodly Kingdom's on a weak Foundation.
Tis done: My daring heart's resolv'd —— theyre dead.
Re-enter Duke of Buckingham.
Buc. My Lord, I have consider'd in my mind,
\ The late Request that you did sound me in.
Rich. Well, let that refs : Dorset 1s fled ro Richmond,
Buc. I have heard the News, my Lord.
Rich. Stanley, he's your near Kinsman — Well, loo to him.
Buc. My Lord, 1 claim that gift, my due by promise,
For which your Honour and your Faith's engag'd;
The Earldom of Hereford, and those Moveables,
© Which you have promis'd I shall posless.
Rich. Stanley, /ook ro your Wife ;, if she convey
Letters to Richmond, you (hall answer it.
Buc. * What says your Highness to my Just reques ?
Rich. 7 do remember me, Henry the Sixth
Did Prophecy that Richmond shoyld he King,
When Richmond was a peevish ay
©>Tis odd ——— A King perhaps.
Enter Catesby.
Cat. My Lord, I have obey*d your Highness Orders.
Buc. May it please you to resolve me in my Suit ?
Rich. Lead Twrrel to my Closet, I'll meet him.
Buc. 1 beg your Highness ear my Lord
Rich. Pm busie : Thou troubPft me—[Pm not Pth' vein. (EX. Rich.
Buc. O patience, Heaven ! Is't thus he pays my service ?
Was it for this I rais'd him to the Throne ?
Since he forgets the hand that lifted him,
That seated still supports him ; then 'tis time
To loose my hold, and let him fall as low,
As this contemn'd, this ont-cast Buckingham.
O! if the peaceful dead have any sence
Of those vile injuries they bore, while living :
Then sure the joyful Souls of Blood-suck'd Edward,
Henry, Clarence, Hastings, and Al! that through
His foul corrupted dealings have miscarried,
Will from the Walls of Heav'n in smiles look down
To see this Tyrant tumbling from his Throne, ?
His Fall unmourn'd, and Bloody as their own. (Exc.

SCEWNE,

4 ORE NOI 4 = _ *s,
mu 5 20 _— HT 4 —m_ .

ny Er ITT

SCENE ite Tower: Enter Tirrel, Dighton, ara Foreit.

7:ir, Come, Gentiemen -
Have you concluded on the means ?

Pinh. Smothering will make no noise, Sir.

7ir. Lx&t it be done 1'th' dark: For shou'd you see
Their young faces, who knows how far their looks
Ot tlanocence may tempt you into pity.
For. Tis case and living well makes Innocence :

{ hatea face less guilty than my own

Wereall that now seem Honest deep as we
In trouble and in want they'd all be Rogues.
Tir. Stand back — Lieutenant, have you brought the Keys ?
Enter Liewtenant.
Liew. | have *em, Sir.
Tir. Then here?®s your warrant to deliver 'em. (gives a Ring.
Licx. Your Servant, Sir.
What can this mean ? Why, at this dead of night to
Give 'em too '—'Tis not for me t' enquire. (Ex. Lieu.
Tir. There, Gentlemen : (Giving them the Keys.
That way / You have no tarther need of me. (Ex. severally.

SCENE aChamber, the Princes in Ped. The Stage darkned.

Ed. Why do you startle, Brother ?

D. Tork. O ! I have been so frighted i in my sleep !
Pray turn this way ?

r, Ed. Alas, | fain wou'd sleep, but cannot

Tho? tis the stillest night I ever knew.

Not the least breath has stir'd these four hours
Surc all the World's allcep but we.
7. ork. Hark ! Pray Brother count the Clock ! (Clock strikes.
—Þut two! O tedious night : I've slept an Age.
Wou'd it were day, I am so melancholy,
Ed. Hark ! Whatnoise 1s that, ?
{ rhonght I heard some one upon the stairs /
Hark ! Again |!
4 York. O dear, I hear *em too! Who is it, Brother ?
' -4. Bless me! a light roo thro the door ! look there !
b , Tark. \Who 1 isit? Hark! jt unlocks! O! I am so afraid !
£15167 Dight. Nn 41a Forrest with dar+* lynthorns.
Fr. Ed. Bles: me ! What frightful men are these ?
gh. \Vho's there ? Pr. Ed. Who's there?
D;b. Hilt, we've wak'd *em ! What shall we say ?
For. Nothins,, We come to do,
D;zh. 11l sec their Faces

D. Tork.

D, York, Womw't they speak to vs ? |
(Dighton looks in with his Lanthorn,
O save me / Hide me ! Save me, Brother ! 1
Pr. Ed. O mercy Heaven ! Who are you, Sirs, +
That look so ghastly pale and terrible ? 'þ

Digh. 1 am a Fool. I cannot answer 'em,

For. You must die, my Lord, so must your Brother,

Pr.Ed. O stay, for pity sake ! What 1s our Crime, Sir ?
Why must we die ?

Digh. The King, your Uncle, loves you not.

Pr. Ed. O Cruel man ! 7
Tell him we'll live in Prison all our days, | q
And, when we give occasion of offence,

Then let us die: H'as yet no cause to kill us.

For. Pray. ;

Pr. Ed. We do, Sir, to you. Ofpare us Gentlemen !
I was some time your King, and might have shown
You mercy : For your dear Souls sake pity us.

For, Well hear no more.

Both Pr. O Mercy, Mercy ! $ Toy [mother them, and the

For. Down, down with *em. Scexe shits on them.

Enter Tirrel. Solus.
Tir. © ?Tis done: The barbarovs bloody aft is done. LY
© O the most Arch-deed of pitious Maslacre f
© That ever yet this Land was guilty of,
Ha ! the King : His coming hither at this
Late hour, speaks him impatient for the welcome News.
6 Enter Richard.

Rich. Now my Tirrel, how are the Brats dispogd ?
Say; am Ihappy ? Hast thou dealt npon 'em ?

Tir, * If to havedone the thing you gave in charge |
© Beget your happiness, then, Sir, be happy 3 f
For it 1s done.

Rich. But didf thou see em dead ?

Tir. 1 did, my Lord.

Rich. And buried, my good Tirrel ?

Tir. In that I thought to ask your Grace's Pleasure.

Rich. 1 have't— I'll have 'em sure—Get me a Coffin
Full of holes, let 'em be bothcram'd into't ;
And, hark thee, in the night-tide throw *em down
The Thames ; once in, they'll find the way to th* botton:.
Mean time but think how 1 may do thee g00d,
And be Itheritor of thy defare.

T:r, I humbly thank your Highnels.

Rich, Abont

Rich. ! FRO it strait, good 7z;rrel, |
7ir. Conclude it Lone, my Lord, (Exit Tir,
Kich. Why then my lowdelt fears arc hushr,
© The Sons of Edward bave Eternal Rest,
And Aw, my Wite, has bid this World 700d night
While fair El;zaberh my beauteous Neice
Like a New Morn lights onward to my wishes.
Enter Catesby,
Cart. My Lord!
Rich. Good News, or bad, that thou comest in so bluntly *
Cat. Bad News, my Lord, Morton 1s fled to Richmond,
And Buckingham, back'd web the hardy Welshmen,
Is in the Ficld, and still his Power increases.
Rich. Morton with Richmond, touches me more near
Than Buckingham and his rash levied numpers.
© But come, dangers retreat when boldly they re oppos'd,
« And dull delays lead impotence and fear.
© Then ficry Expedition raise my Arm,
And fatal may it fall on crush'd Rebellion.
Let's musl ey Men, my Councel 1s my Shield,
We must be brief when Traytors brave the Field. CExit:
Enter the Queen and Dutchess of York.
Oween, O my poor Children ?- O my tender Babes /
My unblown flowers pluck'd by untimely hands -
If yer your gentle Souls fly in the Air,
And he not ix?d in doom perpetual.
Hover about me with your Airy wings,
Ard hear your Mothers Lamentation :
Why lept their Guardian Angels, when this deed was done ?
D..Tork. * So many miseries have drain'd my Eyes,
© That my woe-wearied Tongue 1s still and mute.
Why should Calamity be full of Words ?
Oren. Let's give'em scope, fortho' they can't remove,
Yer they do ease Afﬀiction.
DD. Terk. Why then let us be loud in Exclamations
To Z:ichard ) Haste, and pierce him with our cries !

That from henceforth his Conscience may out-Tongue

he: cl lose whispers of his relentless heart.

Harx' His Trumpet sounds ! This way he must pass.
(/;ce21. Alas, I've not the Daring to confront him.
D.atork 1 have a Mothers right, [11 force him hear me.

FE mic

Enter Richard with his Powers, the Dutchess meets and stops him, &c.

Rich. Who intercepts me in my Expedition ?
D. York. Dost thou not know me? Art thou not my Son ?
Rich. cry your mercy, Madam, © it you?
D. Tork. * Art thou my Son ?
Rich, 7, 1 thank Heaven, my Father and your Self.
D, Tork. * Then I command thee, hear me.
Rich. Madam, I have a touch of your condition,
That cannot brook the accent of Reproof.
D. York. Stay, [ll be mild and gentle in my Words.
Rich. Avd brief, good Mother, for I am in haste.
D. York. Why, 1 have staid for thee (just Heaven knows
In Torment and Agony.
Rich. And came I not at last ts comfort you ?
D. York. No, on my Soul, too well thou know'st it.
A grievous burthen was thy Birth to me
Tetchy and way-ward was thy Infancy,
Thy prime of Manhood daring, bold and stubborn :
Thy Age confirm'd most subtle, proud and bloody.
Rich. If I am so disgracious in your eye,
Let me march on, aud not offend you, Madam.
Strike up the Drum, ;
D: Tork, Yet stay, I charge thee hear me.
Omeen. If not, hear me ; for I have wrongs will speak
Without a Tongue : methinks the very sight
Of me shou'd turn thee into stone.
Where are my Children, Richard ?
D, York. * Where is thy Brother Clarence ?
Oueen, Where Hastings ?
D. Tork. *© Rivers ?
Oneen. © Vaughan ?
D. Tork. © Grey?
Rich. A Flourish, Trumpets : Strike Allarum, Drums.
Let not the Heavens hear these Tell-tale Women
Rail on the Heavens Anointed. Strike, I say.
CAllarum of Drums and Trumpets.
Either be patient and intreat me fair,
Or with the Clamorous report of War
Thus will T drown your Exclamations. |
Then hear me Heaven, and Heaven at his latest hour
Be Deaf to Him as he is now to me :
Fer from this War he turn a Conqueror,
Ye Pow'rs, cut off his dangerous thread of Lite,

Least

s, "00s: adi, Re" FC AR o_

\ - as J
east his black sins rise higher in Account,
Than Hell has pains to punish
Mischance and sorrow wait thee to the Field :
Hearts Discontent, languid and lean Despair
With all the Hells of Guilt pursue thy steps for ever. F[EFx. Duc.
Oreen., Tho' far more cause, yet much less power to curse
A bides in me : I say Amen to her.
Rich. Stay, adam, I wou'd beg some words with you ?
Oveen, © What canst thouask, that I have now to grant ?
© Is r another Son ? Richard 1 have none.
Rich. You have a Beauteous Daughter call'dElizabeth.
Oucen. * Must she die too !?
Rich. For whose fair sake Dll bring more Good to you,
Than ever Ton or Tours from me had Harn: :
So 1n the Lethe of thy angry Soul |
Thou'lt drown the sad remembrance of those wrongs
Which thou supposlelt me the cruel cause of.
Oueen. Be brief. least that the process of thy Kinaness
Last longer telling than thy kindness Date. |
Rich. * Know then, that from my Soul I love the fair
Elizabeth, and will,. with your permission,
Seat her on the Throne of England.
Oneen, * Alas, vain man, how canst thou wooe her ?
Rich. That would ] learn of you, '
As one being best acquainted with her humour.
Queen. If thou wilt learn of me, then wooe ber thus,
Send to her, by the man that kilÞd her Brothers,
© A pair of bleeding Hearts; thereon Engrave
Edward and Tork: Then haply will she weep
© On this. Present her with an Handkerchief
© Stain'd in their Blood, to wipe her woeful Eyes.
If this Inducement move her not to Love,
Read over the Hiftoryof thy Noble Deeas ;
Tell her, thy Policy took oft her Uncle
Clarence, Rivers, Grey , nay, and for her lake,
Alade quick conveyance with her dear Aunt Ann.
Rich. Tou mock me, FAadam ;, this is not the way
Towim your Daxghter. |
Queen. Tbere 5 no other way,
Unle/s thou couldst put on some other form,
na not br Richard that has done all th1:.

Rich

Rich. 4s 1 intend to prosper and Repent,
So thrive I in my dangerous Aﬀairs .
Of Hostile Arms ;, My self, my self confound,
Heaven and Fortune bar me apr) hours :

Day yield me not thy light, nor Night thy Rest ;
Be opposite all Planets of good luck,
To my Proceeding, if with dear Hearts Rove,
Immaculate Devotion, Holy Thoughts,
1 tender not the fair Elizabeth,
In her consists my happiness and thine :
Without her follows to my self and thee,
Fley self, the Land, and many a Christian Soul,

Death, Desolation, Ruin and Decay.
It cannot, will not be avoided, but by this,

«een. What shalll say ? still to affront his love,
I fear will but incense him to Revenge.
And to consent I showd abhor my self,
Yet I may seemingly comply, and thus
By sending Richmond Word of his Intent,
Shall gain some time to let my Child escape him,
It shall be so,
I have considerd, Sir, of your important wishes,

Ard cou'd I but believe you real
Rich. Now by the sacred Hosts of Saints above —

Oxeen. Odo not swear, my Lord, I ask no Oath ;
Unless my Daughter doubts you more than I,

Rich. O my kind Mother (I must call you so)
Be thou to her my loves soft Orator ;
Plead what I Will be, not what I Have been ;

IVor my deserts, but what IWill deserve : .
© And when this Warlike arm shall have chastisd

© Th? audacious Rebel hot-brain'd Buckingham :
Bound with Triumphant G arlands will I come,

And lead thy Daughter to a Conqueror”s Bed.
Omeen. My Lord, farewel : in some few days expect

To hear how fair a progress I have made.

Till when be Happy, as you're Penitent.
Rich. My heart goes with yon to my Love, farewel.

Relenting, Shallow-thoughted Woman. LExit. 0.
How now ! the News ?

G 2 F-nter

Asiae.

Enter Ratclift.

Rat. Most gracious Sovereign, on the Western Coasts
Ridera most powerful Navy and onr fears
[form us Richmond j5 the:rr Admiral,
There do they Full expetting bnt the ard,
O! Puckingham to welcome them a shore.
Rich, © We mult prevent him then. Come hither Catesby.
Cat. * My Lord, your pleasure? .
Rich. Toft to the "Duke of Norfolk i»fantl,;
Bid him strait levy all the strength and power
That be can make, and meet me suddenly
At Salisbiny - Commend me to his Grace -.away / CExi Cat.
Well, my Lord, What News have you gather'd ?

Enter Lora Stanley.

1d. Stan. Richmond 7502 the Sear, my Lord.
Rich. There let bim sink, and be the Seas 0n Him :
White Liver'd Runnagade, what does he there !
1d. Stan. 1 kzow not, mighty Sovereign, but by guess.
Rich. Well, as you press ?
L4. Stan. Srir*d 1p by Dorset, Buckingham, and Morton,
He makes for England here to claim the Crown.
Rich. Traytor, the Crown - Where is thy power then
To beat him back ?
Where be thy Tenants, and thy Followers !
© 1heFoe upon our Coalt, and thou no Frierds to meet 'em ?
Or hast thou marched 'em to 'the Western Joby e,
To give the Rebels Condutt from their Ships ?
Ld. Stan. Ady Lord, my Friends are ready all, 5th” North.
Rich. The North ' Why, what do they a9 in the North,
When they shou'd serve their Sovereign in the West ?
Ld. Stan. They vet have had no Orders, Sir, to mave :
If *tis your Royal Pleasure they should march,
© ll lead 'em on with utmost haste to joyn/you,
Where, and what Time your Majesty shall please.
Rich, Wha: , tnou T1 dst be gone, to joyn Bith Richmond ?

La.S$tar.

Ld. Stan. © Sir, you've no Cause to doubt my Loyalty ;
I ne'er yet was, nor ever will be false,

Rich. Away then, to thy Friends, and lead *em on
© To meet me—Hold ! Come back ! I will not trust thee,
I've thought a way to make thee sure : Your Son
George Stanley, Sir, Pll have him left behind ;;
And look your Heart be Firm,

Or else his heads Assurance is but Frasl.
Ld. Stan. As I prove true, my Lord, so deal with him. (Exit Staw.

Enter a Messenger.

Mes. My Lord, the Army of Great Buckingham
By sudden Floods, and fall of Waters,
Is balf lost and scatter'd,
And be himself wander d away alone ;
io man knows whither.

Rich. © Has any careful Officer proclaim'd
Reward to him that brings the Traytoy in ?

Mes. Such Proclamation has been made, my Lord.

Enter Catesby.

Cat. My Liege, the Duke of Buckingham js taker.
Rich. Of with his head. So much for Buckingham.
Cat. My Lord, Pm sorry 1 must tell more News.
Rich. Out with it.
Cat. The Earl of Richmond with a mighty power
Is Landed, Sir, at Milford :
And. to confirm the News, Lord Marquess Dorset,
And Sir | homas Lovewel are «p in Yorkshire.
Rich. Why ay, this looks Rebellion. Ho! my Horse /
by Heaven the News allarms my stirring Soul.
And as the Wretch, whose favour weakned joynts,
© Like strengthless hinges buckle under Life ;
Impatient of his fit, breaks like a fire
From his fond Keeper's Arms, and starts away :
© Even so these War-worn Limbs grown weak
From Wars disuse, being now inrag?d with War,
© Feel a new Fury, and are thrice themselves.
Come forth my Honest Sword, which here I vow,

By my Souls hope, shall ne'er again be sheath'd,
Ne'et

YT wont cu cena 0

C p wn." : —— : 1». nis +, 2s ie" . F n
«7 alla wo oe Fhty i) Oy # / HIKES. + RW 4 WE a m_ my $a

Ne'er shall these watching Eyes have needful rest,
Till Death has clos'd ?em in a glorious Grave,
Or Fortune piven me Measure of Revenge, [Exennt,

The End of the Fourth ACT.

CC OO TO — — —— _ —_

ACT the Fifth.
SCENE, The Friel:

Enter Richmond, Oxtord, Blunt, Herbert, and others,

marching.

Richm. FT THus far into the bowels of the Land
Have we march'd n without Impedimenr.

© Richard, the bloody and devouring Boar ,

« Whose Ravenous Appetite has spoil'd your Fields ;

« Laid this rich Country waste, and rudely crop'd

© Its ripned hopes of fair prosperity,

[s now ev'n im the center of the Isle,
As we're inform'd, near to the Town of Leicester :

From Tamworth thither, is but one days march.

And, here receive we from our Father Stanley,
Lines of farr Comfort and Encouragement,
Snch as will help and animate our cause,

On which lets Cheerly, on Couragious Friends,

To reap the harvest of a lasting Peace ;
Or Fame more lasting from a well fought War,

Ox. Your words have fire, my Lord, and warm our men,
Who look*'d methought but cold before, disheartned
With the unequal numbers of the Foe.

Kichm. Why, double 'em sill, our Cause wou'd Gonquer 'ers.

Thrice 1s he arm'd that has his Qyarrel Just,
And be but naked, tho" lock'd up in Steel,
Whose Conscience with Injust ice is Corrapred :

\ The very weight of Richard's guilt shall crush him,

&lunt. His belt of Friends, no doubt will soon be ours.
).x. He has no Friends but what are such thro' fear

Richm.

Richm, And we no Foes but what are such to Heaven ;
Then doubt not, Heaven's for us. Let's on, my Friends :
True hope ne'er tires, but mounts with Eaples wings,
Kings 1t makes Gods, and meaner Creatures Kings. (Ext,

The Scene, Bosworth Freld : Enter Richard in Arms, with
Norfolk, Ratcliff, Surrey, &c.

Rich. Here pitch our Tent, ev'n in Bosworth Field : Ss
My good Lord of Norfolk, the cheerful speed
Of your supply, has merited my thanks.
D. Nor, I am rewarded, Sir, in having power
To serye your Majesty.
Rich. You have our thanks, my Lord. Up with ey Tent -
Here will I lie to night -- But where to morrow ? Well,
No matter where -— Has any careful Friend
Discover?d yet the number of the Rebel: ?
D. Nor. * My Lord, as 1 from certain Spies am well
© Inforn'd, fix or seven thousand is their
© Utmost Power.
Rich. Why, our Battalions treble that account
Beside, the Kings name is aTower of firength,

Which they upon the adverse Fatton want.
D. Tork, Their wants are greater yet, my Lord : Those ev'u

Of Motion, Life, and Spirit—Did you bur know
How wretchedly their Men disgrace the Field,
O ! such a tatter'd Host of mounted Scare-crows,
© So poor, so famish'd ; their Executors,
© The greedy Crows, fly hovering o'er their heads,
Impatient for their lean Inheritance.
Rich. * Now, by St. Paul, we'll send *em Dinners and Apparel ;
© Nay, give their tasting Horses Provender,
© And aftef fight 'em. How long must we stay,
My Lords, before these desp'rate Fools will give
Us time to lay 'em with their Faces upwards ?
D. Nor. Unless their Famine saves our Swords that laboyr,
To morrows Sun will light *em to their ruin,
So soon, I hear, they mean to give us Battle.
Rich. The sooner still the better. Come, my Lords,
Now. ler's survey, the "vantage of the Ground :
Cak me some men of sound direttion. Lead.

Mor, My

D.Nor. My Gracious Lord. —
Rich. What say'st thon, Norfolk ?
D. Nor. Might I advise your Majesty, you yet
Shall save the blood that may be shed to morrow.
Rich. How so® my Lord !?
Nor. The poor Condition of the Rebels tells me,
T hat on a Pardon offer*d to the lives
Of those who instantly sha!l quit their Arms,

Young Richmond, eer to morrows dawn, were Friendless,

Rich. Why, that indeed was onr Sixth Harry s way,
Which made his Reign one Scene of rude Commotion.
['}] be in mens despite a Monarch : No,

Let Kings that Fear, Forgiye; Blows and Revengefor me. [| Excunt.

Enter Richmond, Oxford, Blunt, S:r William Brandon, &c.
Richm. The weary Sun has made a Golden set,
And by yon rudady brightness of the Clouds,
G1ves token of a goodly Day to morrow ;

Sir William Brandon, you shall bear my Standard.

Here have I drawn the model of our Battle,

Which parts in just proportion our small Power.

Here may each Leader know his several Charge :
Aty Lord of Oxford, you Sir Walter Herbert,
And Sir William Brandon, stay with me -
The Earl of Pembroke keeps his Regiment.
Enter a Solater. |
Sold, Sir, a Gentleman that calls himself Sraxtey,

Desires admittance to the EarHof Richmond.

Richm. Now by our hopes, my Noble Father-in-Law,
Addmit him—My good Friends, your leave a while. [They retzre..

Enter Lord Stanley in a Cloak.
My Honour'd Father ! On my Soul
The joy of seeing you this night is more,
Than my »most knowing hopes presag'd— What News ?
Ld. Stan. 7, by Commission bless thee from thy Mother,
ho prays continually for Richmond's good
© The Queen too, has with tears of jdy consented,
Thou should'st espouse Fl:z2abeth her Daughter,
Ar whojn the Tyrant Richard closely aims :
In brief (for. now the shortest moment of
My stay is bought with hazard of my Life)
Prepare thy Battle early in tne morning,
(For so the season of Aﬀairs requires)

And this be sure of, I, upon the first
Occasion offer d, will deceive some Eyes,
And aid thee in this doubtful shock of Arms ;
© In which I had more forward been c'er this,
But that the Life of thy young Brother George
(Whom for my pawn of Faith stern Richard keeps)
© Wou'd then be forfeit to his wild Revenge.
Farewel : The rude enforcement of the rime
© Denies me to revive those Yows of Loye ———
Which so long sunder'd Friends shou'd dwell upon.
Richm. We may meet again, my Lord ——-
La. Stan. Tillthen, once more farewel: Be resolute, and Conquer.
Richm. Give him safe Condutt ro his Regiment. [Exit 4d. Star.
Well, Sirs, to morrow proves a busie day -
But come, the night's far spent— Let's in to Counsel.
Captain, an hour before the Sun gets up
Let me be wak'd;, 1 will in Person walk

From Tent to Tent, and early chear the Soldiers. (Exeunt.
The SCEN E, before Richard's Tem : Richard; Ratcliff,
Norfolk and Catesby.

Rich- Catesby !

Cat. Here, my Lord.

Rich. Sed out 4 Pursuivant at Arms
ToStanley's Regiment : Bid him 'fore Sun-rsec,
Heet me mith his Power, or young George's head
Shall pay the forfeit of his cold delay.

What, is my Beaver easier than it was ?
And all my Armonr laid into my Tent ?

Car. It is, my Liege: All is in readiness.

Rich. Good Norfolk, hye thee to thy Charge ;
Use careful Watch : Chuse trusty Ceminals.

D. Nor. Doubt not, my Lord.
Rich. Be stirring with the Lark, good Norfolk.

D. Nor. 1 shall, my Lord. (Exis D, Nor:
Rich. Saddle White Surrey for the Field to morrow.
Is Ink and Paper ready ?

Cat. Jt 17, my Lord.
Rich. An howr after Midnight, come to my Tent,
And help to Arm me. A good mght, my Friends, (Exit.
Rat. Methinks the King has not that pleas'd Alacrity
Nor Cheer of Mind that he was wont to have.

Cat, The meer eftet of business ——
H You'lJ

You!ll find him, Sir, another Man 'th' Field,

When you shall see him with his Beavour up,

Ready to mount his Neighing Steed, with whom

He smiling, seems to have some wantan talk,

Clapping his pamper*d sides to hold him till ;

Then; with a motion swiit, and light as Air,

Like fiery /1ars he Vaults him to the saddle ;

Looks Terror to the Foe, and Courage to his Soldiers. hd
Rat. Good night to Kichmond then ; for, as 1 hear,

His numbers are so few, and those so sick

And famish'd in their march, it 'he dares fight us.

He jumps into the Sca to caol his Feaver. .
But come, *tis late : Now let's to our Tents,
We've tew hours good before the Trumpet wakes ns; (Ex:

Enter Richard from his Tent. Solus.

Rich, "Tis now the dead of Night, and half the World
Is with a lonely solemn darkness hang ;
Yet I (so coy a dame is sleep to me)
With all the weary Courtship of 2;
My Care-tir'd thoughts can't win her to my Bet ; -
Tho? ev'n the Stars do wink as 'twere, with over watching ==
[ll forth, and walka while—The Air's refreshing, _
And the ripe Harvest of the new-mown Hay
Gives it a sweet and wholelome Odour :
© How awful is this gloom—and hark from Camp to Camp
© The humm of either Army stiily sounds :
That the fixt Centinels almost receive
The secret whispers of each other watch.
Steed threatens Steed in high and boastful neighings,

Piercing the mghts dull Ear. Hark from the Tents, N

The Armourers accomplishing the Knights,

Withclink of hammers closing rivets up

Give Dreadfulnote of Preparation ; while some

© Like sacrifices by their fires of 'watch,

« With patience ft, and inly ruminate

The mornings danger. By yon Heav'n my stern

Impatience chides this tardy-gated night,

Who, likea foul and ugly Witch, does limp

So tediously away : I'll to my Couch,

And once more try to sleep her into morning.

$—_ © ns nr

a mers ern > — —

A Gran is heard,
Ha ! What means that dismalyoice ? Sure 'tis
The Eccho of some yawning Grave,
That teems with an untimely Ghost.—'Tis gone :
Twas but my Fancy, or perhaps the Wind
Forcing his entrance thro' some hollow Cavern ;

No matter what—I feel my eyes grow heavy. (Sleeps.

The Ghost of Henry VI. rises.

XK. H. Gh, O thou, whose unrelenting thoughts, not all

The hideous Terrours of thy Guilt can shake,

Whose Conscience with thy Budy ever sleeps:

Sleep on, while I by Heavens high Ordinance

In dreams of horror wake thy frighted Soul -

Now give thy thoughts to me, let 'em behold

These gaping Wounds, which thy Death-dealing hand
Within the Tower gave my Anointed Body,

Now shall thy own devouring Conscience gnaw

Thy heart, and terribly revenge my Murder,

The Ghosts of the young Princes rise.

Py, Gh. Richard, dream on ; and see the wandring spirits
Of thy young Nephews, murder'd in the Tower :
Cou'd not our Youth, . our Innocence perswade
Thy cruel heart to spare our harmless lives ?
Who, but for thee, alas, might have enjoy d
Our many promis'd years of Happiness.
No Soul, save thine, but pitties our misusage :
O / ®twas a cruel deed ! therefore alone,
Unpittying, unpittied shalt thou fall. (Vanife.

The Ghost of Ann his Wife ry/es.

A. Gh. Think on the wrongs of wretched Ann thy Wife,

En in the Battles heat remember me,
And edgeless fall thy Sword Despair, and Die,
K, H. Gh. The mornings dawn has summon'd me away :
Now Richard wake in all the Hells of Guilt,
And let that wild despair which now does prey
Upon thy mangled thoughts, allarm the World.
Awake Richard, awake ! To guilty minds

A terrible Example, — (sinks. (Rich. arts out of hzs sleep
H 2 Rich.

EGS... At et” Sa = — . «

Rich. Geve me another Horse - Bind up my wounds !
Have mercy, Heaven. Ha !—fott /—Twas buta dream: -
Bot then so terrible, it shakes my Soul.
Cold drops of sweat hang on my trembling Flesh,
My blood grows chilly, and I freze with horror.
O Tyrant Conscience ! how dost thou aflit me!

WhenT look back, 'tis terrible Retreating :

I cannot bear the thought, nor dare repent :
[ am but Man, and Fate, do thou dispose me.
Who's there ?

Enter Catesby.

Cat. "Ti 1 z my Lord 5 the V Mage Cock ;
Has thrice done salutation to the morn : - |
lour Friends are up, and buckle on their Armour. |

Rich. © O C atesby ! I have had such horrid dreams, ———
Car. © Shadows, my Lord, below the Soldier's heeding.

Rich. Now, by my this days hopes, shadows to night |
Have firuck more terror to the Soul of Richard, . | |
Than can the substance of ten Thousand Soldiers |
Arm'd all in Proof, and led by shallow Richmond. | |

Cat. © Be more your self, my Lord - Consider, Sir; .
Were it but known a dream had frighted you, |
How wow'd your animated Foes presume on't.
Rich, Perish that thought : No, never be it said,
That Fate it {clf could awe the Soul of Richard.
Hence, Babling dreams, you threaten here jn valn :
Conscience avant ; Richard's himself again.
Hark.” the shrill Trumpet sounds, to Horse - Away !
My SouPs in Arms, and eager for the Fray. { E xe.

Entcr Richmond, Oxford, &c. Marching.

Rich att !.- (Soldiers halt, halt, &c.)
{low {7 15 3t intothe merning., Friend: !
Ox. Near forr, my Lord.
Aichi ? Tis well : I'm glad to find we are such early stirers.
Ox, Methinks the Foe's less tqrward than we thought 'em -.
Worn as we are, we brave the Field before *em.
#c:14. Come, there looks life in sach a cheer ful haste :
It dreams should animate a Soul refoly'd, ;
I'm more than plcas'd with those I've had to night.
Mcthought that all the Ghotts of them, whose Bodtes

Richard

Mill f eos ea

© Richard murther?d, came mourning to my Tent,
© And rous'd me to revenge 'em,

Ox. A good Omen, Sir : Hark / the Trumpet of
The Enemy. It speaks them on the march.

Richm, * Why, then let's on, my Friends, to face 'em::
© In Peace there's nothing so becomes a Man
© As mild behaviour and humility -
© But when the blast of War blows in our ears,
Let us be Tygers in our herce deportment.
For me, the ransome of my bold attempt
© Shall be this Body, on the Earth's cold Face :
But, if we thrive, the Glory of the Attion
The meanest here shall share hs part of.
Advance your Standards, draw your willing Swords -
Sound, Drums and Trumpets, boldly and cheerfully.
The Word's Saint George, Richmond, and Victory. (Exennt.

Enter Richard, Catesby, marching.

Rich. Who saw the Sun to day ?

Cat. He has not yet broke forth, my Lord.

Rich: Then he di/dains to shine ;, For, by the Clock, -
He should have brav'd the East an hour ago.
Not shine to day !— —Why, what 1s that to me,
© More than to Richmond ? For the self-same Heaven +
< That frowns on me, looks lowring upon him.

Enter Norfolk.

Nor. Prepare, my Lord, the Foe's in the Ficld.

Rich. Come, bustle, bustle ; Caparison my Horse *
Call forth Lord Stanley ; bid him bring his Power.
My self will lead the Solaters to the Plazn. (Exit C atesby,
Well, Norfolk, what thinkst thou now ?

Nor. That we shall Conquer, Sir ; but on my Tent
This morning early was this Paper found.

Rich. [reads.] Jockey of Norfolk be not 00 bold,

For Dickon thy Master is bonght and sold.

© A weak invention of the Enemy.
Come, Gentlemen, now cach man to his Charge.
What shall 1 say more than I have infer'd :
Remember whom you are to Cope withal,
A scum of Britains, Raseals, Run-aways
Whom thetr o'er cloy'd Conntry vomts forth

To desperate adventures and asi: d destruftion.
If we be Conquer'd, let Min Conguer us,
And not these Bastard Britains, whors our Fathcrs
Have 1n their own Land, beaten, spurn'd, and trod on,
And left *em on Record, the Heirs of fliame ;,
Are these Men sir robe the Heirs of England ?

Enter Catesby.

What says Lord Stanley: Wi he bring his Power ?
Cat. He does refuse, my Lord He will not, Sir.

Rich. Off with his Son Georges head. (1run:pet found;
Nor. My Lord, the Foe's already past the Marsh .

Aiter the Battle let young Starley die.
Rich. Why, after be it then

A thousand hearts are swelling in my boson.

© Draw Archers, drraw your Arrows to the head,

©Spur your proud Horses hard, and ride in blood :

And thou, our Warlike Champion, thrice Renown'd
St. Goeree inspire us with the Rage of Lyons -—--
11pon 'em ! Charge /—Follow me— ( Exetin?

An Allarm is heard : Richard re-enters alone.

K:ich. What, ho young, Richmond, ho ! 'tis Richard Cails
hate thee, Harry, for thy blood of Lancaster ;
© Now if thou dost not hide thee from my Sword,
© Now while the angry Trumpet sounds Allarm,
And dead mens groans transpierce the wounded Air.
Richmond, I say, come forth, and single face me :
Kichard 1s Hoarse with Daring thee toArms,

The Allarm contizues : Fnter Cate>by, and the D. of Nor. atforder.

C.:. Rescue ! rescue / my Lord of Norfolk, haste,
The Xing Faatts 1i01e wonaers than a Man,
Dm is ad vipPsue 19 every danger : p
t 1: , / [WUZ TE 5134 ity 0:4 Qt #771 foot he fugnts, i
Seeker 210 Iichmond rn rertbroat of . Death.

Nay, haste my Lord: the Gay:s against vs, "E xeunt.

Fritz Richard ard Ratclift ;z: disorder

£4 F-4y D297 on | ,FÞ p
I* 16 * 3 A it. 4 « A F ; | by [ Þ - Wd.) A $17) 4 Fs "07 1”! < ;:

Rat. © This way, this way, my Lord ; below yon thicket
Stands a swift Horse. Away, ruin pursues us.
© Withdraw, my Lord, for only flight can save you.
Rich. Slave, I have jet my Life upon a Cast,
Ard I will stand the hazard of the Dye.
I think there be fix Richmonds in the Field ;
Five have [ slain.to day, instead of him.
An Horse | an Horse ! my Kingdom tor an Hse. (EX.

Ae- enter Richard, a1d Richmond meeting.

Rich. © Of one, or both of us the time 1s come.
Richin, Kind Heaven l thank thee, for my Cause is thine ;
If Richard's ft to live let Rjichmond fall.
Rich. Thy Gallant bearing, Harry, I cou'd plaid,
\ But that the spotted Rebel stains the Soldier.
Richm, Nor shou'd thy Prowess, Richard, want my praise,
But that thy cruel deeds have sfampt thee Tyrant.
So thrive my Sword as Heaven's high Vengeance draws 1t.
Rich. *My Soul and Body on the Action both.

Richm. A dreadful lay: Here's to decide ir. (Allarm, fight.

Rich. Perdition catch thy Arm. The chance is thine :

(Richard zs wormded.

But oh !' the vast Renown thou hast acquired

In Conquering X:chard, does afflict him more

T han eveu his Bodies parting with its Soul.

Now let the World no longer be a Stage

© To feed contention in a lingring Att :

But let one spirit of the F:irst-born Cajr

Reign in all bosoms, that each heart being set

On bloody Attions, the rude Scene may end,

And darkness be the Burier of tie Dead. (Dies.
Richm. Farewel, Richard, and from thy dreadful end

May future Kings from Tyranny be warn'd ;

Had 12y aspiring Soul but stir'd in Vertue

With half the Spirit it has dar'd in Evil,

How might thy Fame have grac'd our English Annals.

But as thou art, how fair a Page thou'st blotted.

Hark ' the glad Trumpets speak the.Field our own.

Enter Oxford and Lord Stanley : Soldiers follow with Richard's Crown.
Richm. O welcome, Friends : My Noble Father welcome.

Heaven and vis Arms be prais'd the aay 15 ours.

See there, my Lords, tern AKichard 1s 10 more

Ld. Stan.

ee It

Ld. Stan, Yiitorious Richmond well hast thou acquitted thee :
— And see, the just reward that Heaven has sent thee,
Among the Glorious spoils of Bosworth Field,
We've found the Crown, which now in right is thine :
© 'Tis doubly thine by Conquest, and by Choice.
Long Live Henry the Seventh, King of England. (Sbours here.
Kichm. Next to Just Heaven, my Noble Countrymen,
I owe my thanks to yon, whose love I'm proud of,
And Ruling well shall speak my Gratitude.
But now, my Lords, what Friends of us are missing *
Pray tell me © 1s young George Stanley living ?
Ld. Stan. Ac is, my Liege, and safc in Leicester Town,
Whither, if you please, we may withdraw us.

Entey Blunt.

Blunt. My Lord, the Queen and fair El:zabeth,
Her heauteous Davghter, some few miles of, are
On their way to Gratulate your Vitory, |

Richm, Ay, there indeed my toil's rewarded.
[ct us prepare to meet 'em, Lords, and then,
A's we're already bound by solemn Vows ;,

We'll twine the Roses red and white together,

© And both from one kind stalk shall flourish :

England has long been mad, and scarr*d ber self.

© The Brother blindly shed the Brother's blood :

© The Father rashly slaughter'd his 2wn Son - *
© Ths Bloody Son compelPd, has kill'd his Sire.

O! Nowlet Henry and Elizaberh,

The true Succeeders of each Royal Hoase
Conjoyn'd together, heal those deadly wounds :

© And be that wretch of all mankind abhor'd,

That wou'd rcduce those bloody days again -
NXeer let him live to taste our Joys encrease,
That wou'd with Treason wound fair England's Peace.

FN FA

—_— T— H_—— ——— r_o___—___—_ oe

there 1s in tle Press, ard wil! speedily be Pablifh d,
J* 11 F- Flements of History, trom the Creation ot the World, to the Monarchv
4 of Cort ernane the Great; being an Abridgment of //owePs History of the
Worid, done by himtelt : Containing the Afﬀairs of the Empires 3 in a new Order
mt Method : With a Detcription ot the Kingdoms and Republicks contemporary
ththem, and a briet account of their Magiltrates, and Political Governments. ;
remted tor Ariho t fell pron at the Polphmm and Cfonn at the West-End of St. |
a, OC horch-vaxet : Where Gentlemen and Ladies may have all sorts ot Plays.

bh Z - * * CI < - i * , % "_ SH SIS # _ -—_ k , © Þ PP -—_ WC
> bo Login pn RE ads On, =; GED te SE op ADARL wag « \ Nm, L.->- 4 —N —
. | —_ > ws £4 ca Fn - # * a <\ Pr . L7E _ %\% ded * 4 - ”— * _ < = wa ” % WP — - - _- -% _ . _— Fx — _ Ir. ay co t - 4 -

w a — -—— -» * we CTIE—_— a
