CHAP. VIII. Wherein is ended the History of the Curious-Impertinent: And like wise recounted the rough Incounter and Conflict passed betweene Don-Quixote and certain baggs of red Wine. A Little more of the novell did rest unread, when Sancho Panca all per plexed ranne out of the Chamber where his Lord reposed, crying as loud as he could, Come, good Sirs, speedily, and assist my Lord, who is ingaged in one of the most terrible battails that ever mine eyes have seen: I swear that hee hath given such a blow to the Giant, my Lady the Princesse Micomicona her enemie, as hee hath cut his head quite off as round as a Turnep. What sayest thou friend, quoth the Curate (leaving off at that word to prosecute the reading of his novell) art thou in thy wits Sancho? What a Divill man, how can that bee, seeing the Giant dwels at least two thousand leagues from hence? By this they heard a marvellous great noyse within the Chamber, and that Don-Quixote cried out aloud, Stay false Thiefe, Robber, stay; for since thou art here, thy Semiter shall but little availe thee: and therewithall it seemed that hee struck a number of mighty blows on the walls. And Sancho said, There is no need tostand thus listening abroad, but rather that you goe in and part the fray, or else assist my Lord; although I think it bee not very necessary: for the Gyant is questionlesse dead by this, and giving account for the ill life hee led: For I saw his blood runne all about the house, and his head cut off, which is as great as a great Wine-bagge. I am content to bee hewn in pieces, quoth the Inn-keeper, hearing of this, if Don-Quixote or Don-Divell have not given some blow to one of the Wine-baggs that stood filled at his Beds-head, and the shed Wine must needs bee that which seems blood to this good man: And saying so, hee entred into the Room, and all the rest followed him, where they found Don-Quixote in the strangest guise that may bee imagined: Hee was in his Shirt, the which was not long enough before to cover his Thighs, and it was six fingers shorter behinde: His Leggs were very long and lean, full of hair, and horrible dirty: Hee wore on his Head a little red, but very greazie night Cap, which belonged to the Inn-keeper: Hee had wreathed on his left Arme the Coverlet of his Bead; on which Sancho looked very often and angerly, as one that knew well the cause of his own malice to it: and in his right hand hee griped his naked Sword, wherewithall hee laid round about him many a thwack; and withall spake as if hee were in battail with some Gyant: And the best of all was, that hee held not his eyes open; for hee was indeed asleep and dreaming that he was in fight with the Gyant: For the imagination of the Adventure which hee had undertaken to finish, was so bent upon it, as it made him to dream that hee was already arived at the kingdom of Micomicon, and that he was then in combat with his enemy, and he had given so many blowes on the wine bags, supposing them to be Giants, as all the whol chamber flowed with wine: Which being perceived by the Host, all infla med with rage, hee set upon Don-Quixote with drie sists, and gave unto him so many blowes, that if Cardenio and the Curate had not taken him away, he would doubtlesly have finished the war of the Gyant, and yet with all this did not the poor Knight awake untill the Barber brought in a great kettle full of cold water from the Well, and threw it all at a clap upon him, and therewithall Don-Quixote awaked, but not in such sort as he perceived the manner wherein he was. Dorotea seeing how short and how thin her Champion was arayed, would not goe in to see the conflict of her combatant and his Adversarie. Sancho went up and downe the floore searching for the Gyants head, and seeing that hee could not finde it hee said, Now I doe see very well, that all the things of this house are inchantments, for the last time that I was here, in this very same roome, I got many blowes and buffets, and knew not who did strike mee, nor could I see any body; and now the head appeares not, which I saw cut off with mine owne eyes, and yet the blood ran as swiftly from the body, as water would from a Fountaine. What blood, or what Fountaine doest thou tattle of here, thou enemy of God and his Saints? quoth the In-keeper, thou Theefe, dost not thou see that the blood and the fountaine is no other thing then these wine-bags which are slashed here, and the wine red that swims up and down this Chamber (and I wish that I may see his Soule swimming in hell which did bore them. I know nothing replyed Sancho but this, that if I cannot find the Giants head, I shall become so unfortunate, as mine Earledome will dissolve like Salt cast into water. And certes Sancho awake, was in worse case then his Master sleeping, so much had his Lords promises distracted him. The In-keeper on the other side was at his wits end, to see the humor of the Squire, and unhappinesse of his Lord, and swore that it should not succeede with them now as it had done the other time, when they went away without payment: and that now the priviledges of Chi valrie should not any whit availe him, but hee should surely pay both the one and the other, yea even for the very patches that were to bee set on the bored Wine bagges. The Curate held fast Don-Quixote by the hands, who beleeving that hee had a • chie ved the Adventure, and was after it come into the Princesse Micomicona her presence, hee laid himselfe on his knees before the Curate saying, Well may your greatnesse high and famous Ladie, live from henceforth secure from any danger, that this unfor tunate wretch may doe unto you; and I am also freed from this day forward from the promise that I made unto you, seeing I have, by the assistance of the heavens, and through her favour by whom I live and breathe, so happily accomplished it. Did not I say so quoth Sancho, hearing of his Master? yea, I was not drunke; see if my Master hath not powdred the Gyant by this? the matter is questionlesse, and the Earle dome is mine owne. Who would not laugh at these raving fits of the Master and man? all of them laughed save the In-keeper, who gave himself for anger to the Devill more then a hundred times. And the Barber, Cardenio and the Curate got Don-Quixote to bed againe, not without much adoe, who presently fell a sleepe with tokens of marvei lous wearinesse, They left him sleeping and went out to comfort Sancho Panca for the griefe hee had, because he could not finde the Giants head; but yet had more adoe to pacifie the In-keeper, who was almost out of his wits for the unexpected and suddaine death of his wine-bags. The Oast • sse on the other side went up and down whining and saying, in an ill season and an unlucky houre did this Knight errant enter into my house, alas; and I would that mine eyes had never seene him seeing hee costs mee so deere. The last time that hee was here, hee went away scot-free for his Supper, Bed, Straw and Barley, both for himselfe and his man, h • s Horse and his Asse, saying that hee was a Knight Adventu rous (and God give to him ill venture, and to all the other Adventurers of the world) and was not therefore bound to pay any thing, for so it was written in the Statutes of Chivalry. And now for his cause came the other Gentleman, and tooke away my good tayle, and hath returned it mee backe, with two quarters of dammage, for all the haire is falln off, and it cannot stand my husband any more in stead for the purpose hee had it; and for an end and conclusion of all, to breake my wine-bags and shed my wine; I wish I may see as much of his blood shed: And doe not thinke otherwise, for by my fathers old bones, and the life of my mother, they shall pay mee every doit, one quart upon another, or else I will never bee called as I am, nor bee mine owne fathers daughter. These and such like words spake the Inn-keepers Wife with very great furie, and was seconded by her good Servant Maritornes. The Daughter held her peace, and would now and then smile a little: But Master Parson did quiet and pacifie all, by promi sing to satisfie them for the dammages as well as hee might, as well for the Wine as for the Baggs, but chiefly for her tail, the which was so much accounted of and valued so highly. Dorotea did comfort Sancho, saying to him, that whensoever it should bee verified that his Lord had slain the Gyant, and established her quietly in her Kingdome, shee would bestow upon him the best Earldome thereof. With this hee took courage and assured the Princesse, that hee himself had seen the Gyants head cut off; and for a more certain token thereof, hee said, That hee had a beard that reached him down to his girdle; and that if the Head could not now bee found, it was by reason that all the Affairs of that house were guided by inchantment, as hee had made experience to his cost the last time that hee was lodged therein. Dorotea replyed, That shee was of the same opinion, and bade him to bee of good cheer, for all would bee well ended to his hearts desire. All parties being quiet, the Curate resolved to finish the end of his novell because hee perceived that there rested but a little unread thereof. Car denio, Dorotea, and all the rest intreated him earnestly to finish it. And hee de siring to delight them all herein and recreate himself, did prosecute the Tale in this manner. It after befell, That Anselmo grew so satisfied of his Wifes Honestie, as hee led a most contented and secure life: And Camila did for the nonce look sowrely upon Lothario, to the end Anselmo might construe her minde amisse: And for a greater confirmation thereof Lothario requested Anselmo to excuse his comming any more to his house, seeing that hee cleerly perceived how Camila could neither brook his company nor presence. But the hood-wink'd Anselmo answered him, That hee would in no wise consent thereunto; and in this manner did weave his own dishonour a thousand waies, thinking to work his contentment. In this season such was the delight that Leonela took also in her affections, as shee suffered her self to bee borne away by them head longly, without any care or regard confident because her Lady did cover it, yea, and sometimes instructed her how shee might put her desires in practice without any fear or danger. But finally Anselmo heard on a night some body walk in Leonelaes Cham ber, and being desirous to know who it was, as hee thought to enter, hee felt the door to bee held fast against him, which gave him a greater desire to open it; and therefore hee strugled so long, and used such violence, as hee threw open the door and entred just at the time that another leaped out at the Window; and therefore hee ran out to overtake him, or see wherein hee might know him; but could neither compasse the one or the other, by reason that Leonela embracing him hardly, with-held him and said, Pacifie your self, good Sir, and bee not troubled, nor follow him that was here; for hee is one that belongs to me, and that so much, as hee is my Spouse. Anselmo would not believe her, but rather blinde with rage, hee drew out his Ponyard and would have wounded her, saying, That shee should presently tell him the truth, or else hee would kill her. Shee distracted with fear, said, without nothing her own words, Kill me not Sir, and I will acquaint you with things which concern you more then you can imagine. Say quickly then, quoth Anselmo, or else thou shalt die. It will bee impossible, replied Leonela, for me to speak any thing now I am so affrighted; but give respit till morn ing and I will recount unto you things that will marvellously astonish you; and in the mean time rest secure, that hee which leaped out of the Window is a young man of this Citie, betwixt whom and me hath passed a promise of marriage. Anselmo was some what satisfied by these words; and therefore resolved to expect the terme which shee had demanded to open her minde; for hee did not suspect that hee should hear any thing of Camila, by reason hee was already so assured of her Virtue: and so depart ing out of the Chamber, and shutting up Leonela therein, threatning her withall, That shee should never depart thence, untill shee had said all that shee promised to reveal unto him. Hee went presently to Camila, to tell unto her all that which his Mayden had said and the promise shee had passed, to disclose greater and more important things. Whether Camila hearing this were perplexed or no, I leave to the discreet Readers judgement: for such was the fear which shee conceived, believing certainly (as it was to be doubted) that Leonela would tell to Anselmo all that shee knew of her disloy alty, as shee had not the courage to expect and see whether her su • mise would become false or no: But the very same night, as soon as shee perceived Anselmo to bee asleep, gathering together her best Jewels and some Money, shee departed out of her House unperceived of any, and went to Lothario's lodging, to whom shee recounted all that had past, and requested him either to leave her in some safe place, or both of them to depart to some place where they might live secure out of Anselmo's reach. The con fusion that Cimila struck into Lothario, was such as he knew not what to say, and much less how to resolve himself what he might do. But at last he determined to carry Camila to a Monastery wherein his sister was Prioresse; to which shee easily coudescended; and therefore Lothario departed and left her there with all the speed that the case re quired, and did also absent himself presently from the Citie, without acquainting any body with his departure. Anselmo, as soon as it was day, without heeding the absence of his Wife, arose and went to the place where hee had shut up Leonela, with desire to know of her what shee had promised to acquaint him withall: Hee opened the Chamber door and entred, but could finde no body therein but some certain sheets knit together and tied to the window as a certain signe how Leonela had made an escape by that way: Wherefore hee returned very sad to tell to Camila the adventure; but when hee could neither finde her at bed nor in the whole house, hee remained astonied, and demanded, for her of his Servants, but none of them could tell him any thing. And as hee searched for her, hee hapned to see her Coffers lye open and most of her Jewels wanting; and herewithall fell into the true account of his disgrace, and that Leonela was not the cause of his misfor tune, and so departed out of his house sad and pensive, even as hee was, half ready and unapparrelled, to his friend Lothario to recount unto him his disaster: but when hee found him to bee likewise absented, and that the Servants told him how their Ma ster was departed the very same night and had borne away with him all his Money, hee was ready to runne out of his wits. And to conclude, hee returned to his own house again, wherein he found no ceature, man or woman, for all his folk were departed, and had left the house alone and desart: Hee knew not what hee might think, say, or doe; and then his judgement began to faile him. There hee did contemplate and behold himself in an instant without a Wife, a Friend, and Servants; abandoned (to his seem ing) of Heaven that covered him, and chiefly without honour; for hee cleerly noted his own perdition in Camilaes crime. In the end hee resolved, after hee had bethought himself a great while, to goe to his friends Village wherein hee had been all the while that hee afforded the leisure to contrive that disaster: And so shutting up his house hee mounted a horseback, and rode away in languishing and dolefull wise: And scarce had hee ridden the half way when hee was so fiercely assaulted by his thoughts, as hee was constrained to alight, and tying his Horse to a Tree, hee leaned himself to the trunck thereof and breathed out a thousand pittifull and dolorous sighs; and there hee abode untill it was almost night, about which hour espyed a man to come from the Citie a Horse-back by the same way, and having saluted him, hee demanded of him what news hee brought from Florence? The Citizen replyed, The strangest that had hapned there many a day: For it is there reported publiquely, That Lothario the great friend of the rich man, hath carried away the said Anselmo's Wife Camila this night; for shee is also missing: all which a Waiting-maid of Camilaes hath confest, whom the Governour apprehended yesternight as shee slipt down at a window by a pair of sheets out of the said Anselmo's house. I know not particularly the truth of the Affair, but well I wot that all the Citie is amazed at the accident; for such a fact would not bee as much as surmized from the great and familiar amitie of them two, which was so much as they were called The two friends. Is it perhaps yet known, replyed Anselmo, which way Lothario and Camila have taken? In no wise, quoth the Citizen, although the Governour hath used all possible diligence to finde them out. Farewell then, good Sir, said Anselmo. And with you Sir, said the Traveller: And so departed. With these so unfortunate news poore Anselmo arived, not only to termes of losing his wits, but also well nigh of losing his life; and therefore arising as well as hee might, hee came to his friends house, who had heard nothing yet of his disgrace; but percei ving him to arive so wan, pined and dried up, hee presently conjectured that some grie vous evill afflicted him. Anselmo requested him presently that hee might bee caried to his Chamber, and provided of paper and inke to write withall: all was done, and hee left in bed, and alone, for so hee desired them; and also that the dore should bee fast locked: And being alone, the imagination of his misfortune gave him such a terrible charge, as hee cleerely perceived that his life would shortly faile him, and therefore re solved to leave notice of the cause of his suddaine and unexpected death; and therefore hee began to write it; but before hee could set an end to his discourse, his breath fayled, and hee yeelded up his life into the hands of sorrow, which his impertinent curiositie had stirred up in him. The Gentleman of the house seeing that it grew late, and that Anselmo had not called, determined to enter, and know whether his indisposition pas sed forward, and hee found him lying on his face, with halfe of his body in the bed, and the other half leaning on the table whereon he lay, with a written paper unfolded, and held the pen also yet in his hand. His Oast drew neere unto him, and first of all, having called him he took him by the hand; and seeing that he answered not, and that it was cold, he knew that he was dead; and greatly perplexed and grieved thereat, he called in his people, that they might also be witnesses of the disastrous successe of Anselmo, and after all he took the paper and read it, which he knew to be written with his own hand the substance whereof was this: A Foolish and Impertinent Desire hath dispoyled me of Life. If the newes of my Death shall arrive to Camila, let her also know that I doe pardon her, for shee was not bound to worke Miracles; nor had I any neede to desire that she should worke them. And seeing I was the builder and contriver of mine owne dishonour, there is no reason— Hitherto did Anselmo write, by which it appeared that his life ended in that point, ere he could set an end to the Reason he was to give. The next day ensuing, the Gen tleman his friend acquainted Anselmoes kinsfolke with his death; the which had already knowledge of his misfortune, and also of the Monastery wherein Camila had retyred her self, being almost in terms to accompany her husband in that forcible voyage; not for the newes of his death, but for grief of others which she had received of her absent friend. It is said, that although she was a widow, yet would she neither depart out of the Monastery, nor become a Religious woman, untill she had received within a few daies after, news how Lothario was slaine in a battell given by Monsieur de Lau • re • , to the great Captain Goncalo Fernandez of Cordova, in the kingdom of Naples; and that was the end of the late repentant friend, the which being known to Camila, she made a profession, and shortly after deceased between the rigorous hands of sorrow and Melanchollie: and this was the end of them all, sprung from a rash and inconsiderate beginning. This Novell quoth the Curate, having read it, is a pretty one; but yet I cannot per swade my self that it is true, and if it be a fiction, the Author erred therein; for it can not be imagined that any husband would be so foolish, as to make so costly an experience as did Anselmo: but if this accident had been devised betwixt a Gentleman and his love, then were it possible; but being between Man and Wife, it containes somewhat that is impossible and unlikely, but yet I can take no exception against the manner of recount ing thereof.