CHAP. II. Of that which after befell unto Don-Quixote, when he had left the Ladies. B Y this Sancho Panca had gotten up, though somewhat abused by Fri ars Lackeyes, and stood attentively beholding his Lords combate, and prayed to God with all his heart, that it would please him to give him the victory; and that he might therein winn some Island, whereof he might make him governour, as he had promised. And seeing the controversie ended at last, and that his Lord remounted upon Rozinante; he came to holde him the stirrop, and cast him self on his knees before him ere hee got up, and taking him by the hand, hee kist it, say ing, I desire that it will please you good my Lord Don-Quixote, to bestow upon mee the government of that Island which in this terrible Battell you have wonne; for though it were never so great, yet doe I finde my selfe able enough to govern it, as wel as any other whatsoever that ever governed Island in this world. To this demand Don-Quixote answered, thou must note friend Sancha, that this Adventure, and others of this kinde are not adventures of Islands, but of thwartings and high wayes, wherein no thing else is gained but a broaken pate, or the losse of an ear. Have patience a while, for Adventures will be offered, whereby thou shalt not only be made a Gover nor, but also a greater man. Sancho rendred him many thanks, and kissing his hand again, and the skirt of his Habergeon; he did help him to get up on Rozinante, and he leapt on his Asse, and followed his Lord: who with a swift pace, without taking leave or speaking to those of the Coach, he entred into a wood that was hard at hand. Sancho followed him as fast as his beast could trot; but Rozinante went off so swiftly, as he perceiving he was like to be left behinde, was forced to call aloud to his Master that he would stay for him; which Don-Quixote did by checking Rozinante with the bridle, untill his wearied Squire did arrive: who, as soon as he came, said unto him; Me thinks (Sir) that it will not be amisse to retire our selves to some Church; for ac cording as that man is ill dight with whom you fought. I certainly perswade my self that they will give notice of the fact to the Holy Brotherhood, and they will seek to appre hend us; which if they doe, in good faith before we can get out of their claws, I fear me we shall sweat for it. Peace, quoth Don-Quixote, where hast thou ever read or seen that Knight Errant, that hath been brought before the Judge, though he com mitted never so many homicides and slaughters? I know nothing of Omicills, quoth Sancho, nor have I cared in my life for any; but well I wot that it concerns the Holy Brotherhood to deal with such as fight in the Fields, and in that other I will not inter meddle. Then be not afraid friend, quoth Don-Quixote, for I will deliver thee out of the hands of the Caldeans; how much more out of those of the Brotherhood? But tell me in very good earnest, whether thou did'st ever see a more valarous Knight then I am, on the face of the earth? did'st thou ever read in Histories of any other that hath or ever had more courage in assayling; more breath in persevering; more dexterity in offend ing; or more art in overthrowing, then I? The truth is, quoth Sancho, that I have never read any History; for I can neither read nor write: But that which I dare wager is, that I never in any life served a bolder Master then you are; and I pray God that we pay not for this boldnesse, there where I have said, That which I request you is, that you will cure your selfe, for you lose much blood by that eare, and here I have lint and a little Vnguentum Album in my Wallet. All this might bee excused, quoth Don-Qui xote, if I had remembred to make a Violl-full of the Balsamum of Fierebras, for with one drop of it wee might spare both time, and want well all those other Medecines. What Violl, and what Balsamum is that, said Sancho Panca? It is, answered Don-Quixote, a Balsamum whereof I have the receipt in memory, which one possessing hee needs not fear death, nor ought he to think that he may be killed by any wound: and therefore after I have made it, and given it unto thee, thou hast nothing else to doe. but when thou shalt see that in any Bateel I bee cloven in twaine (as many times it happens) thou shalt take faire and softly that part of my Body that is faln to the ground, and put it up again with great subtlety, on the part that rests in the Saddle, before the blood congeale, having evermore great care that thou place it just and equal ly, then presently after thou shalt give mee two draughts of that Balsamum of which I have spoken, and thou shalt see me streight become founder then an Apple. If that bee true, quoth Sancho, I doe presently here renounce the government of the Island you promised, and will demand nothing else in recompence of my services of you, but only the receit of this precious liquor; for I am certain that an ounce thereof will be worth two Rials in any place, and when I have it I should neede nothing else to gain my li ving easily and honestly. But let mee know, is it costly in making? With lesse then three Reals, quoth Don-Quixote, a man may make three gallons of it, But I meane to reach thee greater secrets then this, and doe thee greater favours also. And now let me cure my self, for mine eare grieves me more then I would wish. Sancho then tooke out of his Wallet his lynt and oyntment to cure his Master. But when Don-Quixote saw that the vizar of his Helmet was broken, he was ready to run mad; and setting his hand to his Sword, and lifting up his eyes to heaven, he said, I vow to the creator of all things, and to the foure Gospels where they are largest written, to leade such ano ther life as the great Marquesse of Mantua did, when he swore to revenge the death of his Nephew Valdovinos, which was; not to eate on Table cloath, nor sport with his Wife, and other things, which although I doe not now remember, I give them here for expressed, untill I take compleate revenge on him that hath done me this outrage. Sancho hearing this said, you must note, Sir Don-Quixote, that if the Knight hath ac complished that which you ordained, to goe and present himselfe before my Lady Dul cinea of Toboso, then hath hee fully satisfied his debt, and deserves no new punishment, except hee commit a new fault. Thou hast spoken well and hit the marke right, said Don-Quixote, and therefore I disanull the Oath, in that of taking any new revenge on him; but I make it, and confirm it again, that I will leade the life I have said until I take another Helmet like, or as good as this, perforce from some Knight. And doe not think Sancho that I make this resolution lightly, or as they say, with the smoak of strawes, for I have an Author whom I may very well imitate herein, for the very like in every respect past about Mambrinoes Helmet, which cost Sacriphante so deerely. I would have you resigne those kind of Oathes to the Devill, quoth Sancho, for they will hurt your health, and prejudice your Conscience. If not, tell mee now, I beseech you if wee shall not these many dayes encounter with any that weares a Helmet, what shall wee doe? Will you accomplish the Oath in despight of all the inconveniences and dis commodities that ensue thereof? to wit, to sleepe in your clothes, nor to sleepe in any dwelling, and a thousand other penitencies, which the Oath of the mad old man, the Marquesse of Mantua contained, which you meane to ratifie now? Doe not you con sider that armed men travell not in any of these wayes, but Carriers, and Waggoners, who not only carie no Helmets, but also for the most part never heard speake of them in their lives? Thou dost deceive thy self saying so, replied Don-Quixote, for wee shall not haunt these wayes two houres, before wee shall see more armed Knights then were at the siege of Albraca, to conquer Angelica the faire. Well then, let it bee so, quoth Sancho, and I pray God it befall us well, whom I devoutly beseech that the time may come of gayning that Island which costs mee so deere, and after let me die present ly and I care not. I have already said to thee Sancho, quoth his Lord, that thou shouldst not trouble thy self in any wise about this Affair; for if an Island were wanting, we have then the Kingdome of Denmark or that of Sobradisa, which will come as fit for thy purpose as a Ring to thy finger, and principally thou art to rejoyce, because they are on the continent. But omitting this till his own time; see whether thou hast any thing in they Wallet, and let us eat it, that afterward wee may goe search out some Ca stle, wherein we may lodg this night, and make the Balsamum which I have told thee. For I vow to God that this ear grieves me marvellously. I have here an Onion, re plied the Squire, a peece of Cheese and a few crusts of bread, but such grosse meats are not befitting so noble a Knight as you are. How ill doest thou understand it? an swered Don-Quixote. I let thee to understand Sancho, that it is an honour for Knights Errant, not to eat once in a moneths space; and if by chance they should eat, to eat only of that which is next at hand. And this thou mightest certainly conceive, hadst thou read so many books as I have done. For though I past over many, yet did I never finde recorded in any, that Knights Errant did ever eat, but by meer chance and Adven ture, or in some costly Banquests that were made for them, and all the other dayes they past over with hearbs and roots: and though it is to be understood that they could not live without meat, and supplying the other needs of nature, because they were in effect men as wee are: It is likewise to be understood, that spending the greater part of their lives in Forrests and Deserts, and that too without a Cook, that their most ordinary meats were but course and rusticall, such as thou doest now offer unto me. So that friend Sancho, let not that trouble thee which is my pleasure, nor goe not thou about to make a new world, or to hoist Knight Errantry off of her hinges. Pardon me good Sir, quoth Sancho; for by reason I can neither read nor write, as I have said once before I have not fallne rightly in the Rules and Laws of Knighthood; and from hence forth my Wallet shall be well furnished with all Kindes of dry fruits for you, because you are a Knight: and for my self, seeing I am none, I will provide Fowls and other things, that are of more substance. I say not Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote, that it is a forcible Law to Knights Errant, not to eat any other things then such fruits; but that their most ordinary sustenance could be none other then those, and some herbs they found up and down the Fields, which they knew very well, and so doe I also. It is a virtue, quoth Sancho, to know those Hearbs; for as I imagine that knowledge will some day stand us in stead: And saying so, he took out the provision he had, which they both eat together with good conformity. But being desirous to search out a place where they might lodg that night, they did much shorten their poor dinner, and mount ing anon a horse-back, they made as much haste as they could, to finde out some dwel lings, before the night did fall; but the Sun and their hopes did fail them at once, they being neer the Cabins of certain Goat-heards; and therefore they concluded to take up their lodging there for that night: For, though Sancho 's grief was great, to lie out of a Village yet Don-Quixote 's joy exceeded it farr, considering he must sleep under open Heaven, because he made account as oft as this befell him, that he did a worthy act, which did facilitate and ratifie the practise of his Chivalry.