CHAP. III. Of many pleasant Discourses passed betweene Don-Quixote and those of his Companie, after hee had abandoned the rigorous place of his Penance. S CARCE had the Curate finished his speech throughly, when Sancho said, By my faith, Master Licentiate, hee that did that feate, was my Lord, and that not for want of warning, for I told him beforehand, and advised him that hee should see well what hee did, and that it was a sinne to deliver them, because they were all sent to the Gallies for very great Villanies they had played. You Bottlehead, replyed Don-Quixote, hearing him speak, it concerneth not Knights Errant to examine whether the afflicted, the inchained, and oppressed, which they encounter by the way, bee carried in that fashion, or are plunged in that distresse, through their owne default or disgrace, but only are oblieged to assist them as need • e and oppressed, setting their eyes upon their paines, and not on their crimes. I met with a Rosarie or beades of inserted People, sorrowfull and unfortunate, and I did for them that which my Religion exacts: as for the rest, let them verifie it elsewhere, and to whosoever else, the holy dignitie and honourable Person of Master Licentiat excep ted, it shall seeme evill: I say hee knowes but sleightly what belongs to Chivalry; and hee lies like a Whores-son and a Villain borne, and this will I make him know with the broad side of my Sword. These words hee said, setling himselfe in his Stirrops, and addressing his Murrion (for the Barbers-Bason, which hee accounted to bee Mam brin • es Helmet, hee carried hanging at the pummell of his saddle, untill hee might have it repayred of the crazings the Gally-slave had wrought in it.) Dorotea, who was very discreete and pleasant, and that was by this well acquainted with Don-Quixotes faultie humor, and saw all the rest make a jest of him, Sancho Panca excepted, would also shew her conceit to bee as good as some others, and therefore said unto him, Sir Knight remember you selfe of the Boone you have promised unto mee, whereunto conforming your selfe, you cannot intermeddle in any other Adventure, bee it ever so urgent. Therefore asswage your stomack, for if Master Licentiate had knowne that the Gally slaves were delivered by your invincible Arme, hee would rather have given unto him selfe three blowes on the mouth, and also bit his tongue thrice then have spoken any word whence might result your indignation. That I dare sweare, quoth the Curate, yea and besides torn away one of my Mustachoes. Maddame said Don-Quixote, I will hold my peace, and suppresse the just Choler already inkindled in my brest, and will ride quietly and peaceably, untill I have accom plished the thing I have promised; and I request you in recompence of this my good desire, if it bee not displeasing to you, to tell mee your grievance, and how many, which, and what the Persons bee, of whom I must take due, sufficient, and entyre re venge? I will promptly performe your Will herein, answered Dorotea, if it will not bee irksome to you to listen to disasters. In no sort good Maddam said Don-Quixote. To which Dorotea answered thus, Bee then attentive to my Relation. Scarce had shee said so, when Cardenio and the Barbar came by her side, desirous to heare how the dis creete Dorotea would faine her tale: and the same did Sancho, which was as much de ceived in her person as his Lord Don-Quixote; and shee after dressing her selfe well in the Saddle, bethought and provided her selfe whil'st she coughed and used other ge stures, and then began to speak on this manner. First of all, good Sirs, I would have you note that I am called; And here shee stood uspended a while by reason shee had forgotten the name that the Curate had given unto her; but hee presently occur'd to her succour, understanding the cause, and said; it is no wonder great Lady, that you bee troubled and stagger whil'st you recount your misfortunes, seeing it is the ordinary custome of Disasters to deprive those whom they torment, and distract their memorie in such sort, as they cannot remember them selves even of their owne very names; as now it proves done in your Highnesse, which forgets it selfe, that you are called the Princesse Micomicona, lawfull inheretrix of the great Kingdome of Micomicon: And with this Note, you may easily reduce into your dolefull Memory all that which you shall please to rehearse. It is very true (quoth the Damzell) and from henceforth I thinke it will not bee needfull to prompt mee any more, for I will arive into a safe Port, with the Narra tion of my authentique History: which is, that my father, who was called the wise I macrio, was very expert in that which was called art Magick, and hee knew by his Sci ence, that my Mother who was called Queene Xaramilla, should die before hee decea sed, and that hee should also passe from this life within a while after, and leave mee an Orphan: but hee was wont to say, how that did not afflict his minde so much, as that hee was very certaine, that a huge Giant, Lord of a great Island neere unto my King dome, called Pandafilando of the duskie sight; because, although his Eyes stood in their right places, yet doe they still looke a squint, which hee doth to terrifie the beholders: I say that my Father knew that this Giant, when hee should heare of his death, would passe with a maine power into my Land and deprive mee thereof, not leaving mee the least Village wherein I might hide my head. Yet might all this bee excused, it I would marry with him; but as hee found out by his Science, hee knew I would never condis cend thereunto, or incline mine affection to so unequall a Marriage. And herein hee said nothing but truth: for it never past once my thought to espouse that Giant, nor with any other, were hee ever so unreasonable, and great and mighty. My Father like wise added then, that after his death, I should see Land • filando usurpe my Kingdome, and that I should in no wise stand to my defence, for that would prove my destruction: but leaving to him the Kingdome freely without troubles, if I meant to excuse mine owne death, and the totall ruine of my good and loyall Subjects: for it would be im possible to defend my self from the divellish force of the Gyant; I should presently direct my course towards Spain, where I should finde a redresse of my harmes, by in countring with a Knight Errant, whose fame should extend it self much about that time thorowout that Kingdome, and his name should be, if I forget not my self, Don Acote or Don Gigote. Ladie, you would say Don-Quixote, quoth Sancho Panca, or as he is called by ano ther name, The Knight of the Ill-favoured face. You have reason, replyed Dorotea: hee said moreover, that he should be high of stature, have a withered face; and that on the right side, a little under the left shoulder or thereabouts, he should have a tawny spot with certain hairs like to bristles. Don-Quixote hearing this said to his Squire, Hold my horse here Sonne Sancho, and help me to take off mine apparrell; for I will see whether I be the Knight of whom the wise King hath prophesied. Why would you now put off your clothes, quoth Dorotea? To see whether I have that spot which your father mentioned, answered Don-Quixote. You need not undoe your apparrell for that purpose, said Sancho, for I know already that you have a spot with the tokens she named, on the very ridges of your back, and argues you to be a very strong man. That is sufficient, quoth Dorotea: for we must not look too neer, or be over-curious in our friends affairs; and whether it be on the shoulder or ridge of the back, it im ports but little; for the substance consists only in having such a mark, and not, where soever it shall be, seeing all is one and the self-same flesh; and doubtlesly my good father did aim well at all; and I likewise in commending my self to Don-Quixote: for surely he is the man of whom my father spoke, seeing the signes of his face agree with those of the great renown that is spread abroad of this Knight, not only in Spain, but also in Aethiopia: for I had no sooner landed in Osuna, when I heard so many of his prowesses recounted, as my minde gave me presently that he was the man in whose search I travailed. But how did you land in Osuna, good Madam, quoth Don-Quixote, seeing it is no Sea Town? Marrie, Sir, quoth the Curate, anticipating Dorotea's an swer; the Princesse would say that after she had landed in Malaga, but the first place wherein she heard tidings of you was at Osuna. So I would have said, quoth Dorotea. And it may be very well, quoth the Curate; and I desire your Majestie to continue your discourse. There needs no farther continuation, quoth Dorotea, but that finally my Fortune hath been so favourable in finding of Don-Quixote, as I doe already hold and account my self for Queen and Lady of all mine Estate, seeing that he, of his wonted bountie and mignificence, hath promised me the boon, to accompanie me wheresoever I shall guide him, which shall be to none other place, then to set him before Pandafi lando of the duskie fight, to the end you may slay him, and restore me to that which he hath so wrongfully usurped; for all will succeed in the twinkling of an eye, as the wise Tinacrio my good father hath already foretold; who said moreover, and also left it written in Chaldaicall or Greek charactars (for I cannot read them) that if the Knight of the Prophecie, after having beheaded the Gyant, would take me to wife, that I should in no sort refuse him, but instantly admit him for my Spouse, make him at once possessor of my self and my Kingdome. What thinkest thou of this, friend Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote, then, when he heard her say so? How likest thou this poynt? Did not I tell thee thus much before? See now, whether we have not a Kingdome to command, and a Queen whom we may marry, I swear as much, quoth Sancho, a pox on the knave that will not marry as soon as Master Pundahilado his winde-pipes are cut. Mount then, and see whether the Queen be ill or no: I would to God all the Fleas of my bed were turned to be such. And saying so, he gave two or three friskles in the air, with very great signes of con tentment, and presently went to Dorotea; and taking her Mule by the bridle, he with held it, and laying himself down on his knees before her, requested her very submissively to give him her hands to kisse them, in signe that he received her for his Queen and Ladie. Which of the beholders could abstain from laughter, perceiving the Masters madnesse and the Servants simplicity? To be brief, Dorotea must needs give them unto him, and promised to make him a great Lord in her Kingdome, when Heaven became so propitious to her, as to let her once recover and possesse it peaceably. And Sancho returned her thanks, with such words as made them all laugh anew. This is my Historie, noble Sirs, quoth Dorotea, whereof only rests untold, That none of all the Train which I brought out of my Kingdome to attend on me, is now extant but this well-bearded Squire; for all of them were drowned in a great storm that over-took us in the very sight of Harbor, whence he and I escaped and came to land by the help of two planks, on which we laid hold almost by miracle, as also the whole discourse and mistery of my life seems none other then a miracle, as you might have noted: And if in any part of the relation I have exceeded, or not observed a due decorum, you must impute it to that which Master Licentiat said to the first of my History, that continuall pains and afflictions of minde deprives them that suffer the like of their memory. That shall not hinder me (O high and valourous Ladie) quoth Don-Quixote, from enduring as many as I shall suffer in your service, be they never so great or difficult: And therefore I doe now ratifie and confirm the promise I have made, and doe swear to goe with you to the end of the world, untill I finde out your fierce enemy, whose proud head I mean to slice off by the help of God and my valorous arme, with the edge of this (I will not say a good) Sword; thanks be to Gines of Passa monte which took away mine own: this he said murmuring to himself, and then pro secuted saying, And after I have cut it off, and left you peaceably in the possession of your state, it shall rest in your own will to dispose of your person as you like best. For as long as I shall have my memory possessed, and my will captived, and my understand ing yeelded to her, I will say no more; it is not possible that ever I may induce my self to marry any other although she were a Phoenix. That which Don-Quixote had said last of all, of not marrying, disliked Sancho so much, as lifting his voyce with great anger, he said; I vow and swear by my self, that you are not in your right wits, Sir Don-Quixote; for how is it possible that you can call the matter, of contracting so high a Princesse as this is, in doubt? Doe you think that Fortune will offer you at every corners end the like hap of this which is now proffer ed? is my Lady Dulcinea perhaps more beautifull? No certainly! nor half so fair: nay I am rather about to say, that shee comes not to her shoe that is here present. In an ill hour shall I arrive to possesse that unfortunate Earldome which I expect, if you goe thus seeking for Mushrubs at the bottome of the Sea: Marry, marry your self presently; the Divell take you for me, and take that Kingdome comes into your hands, and being a King, make me presently a Marquesse or Admirall, and instantly after let the Divell take all if hee pleaseth. Don-Quixote, who heard such blasphemies spoken against his Lady Dulcinea, could not bear them any longer: and therefore lift ing up his Javeling without speaking any word to Sancho, gave him therewithall two such blows, as he over-threw him to the earth: and had not Dorotea cried to him, to hold his hand, he had doubtlesly slain him in the place. Thinkest thou (quoth he after a while) base Peasant, that I shall have alwaies leisure and disposition to thrust my hand into my pouch, and that there be nothing else but thou erring, and I pardoning? And doest not thou think of it (excommunicated Rascall) for certainly thou art excommunicated, seeing thou hast talked so broadly of the peerlesse Dulcinea? And doest not thou know, base Slave, Vagabond, that if it were not for the valour shee infuseth into mine arme, that I should not have sufficient forces to kill a Flea? Say, scoffer with the Vipers tongue, who doest thou think hath gained this Kingdome, and cut the head of this Gyant, and made thee a Marquesse (for I give all this for done already, and for a matter ended and judged) but the worths and valour of Dulcinea, using mine arme as the instrument of her act? She fights under my person, and overcomes in me: And I live and breath in her, and from her I hold my life and being. O whorson Villain, how ungratefull art thou, that seest thy self ex alted out from the dust of the earth, to be a Noble-man; and yet doest repay so great a benefit with detracting the person that bestowed it on thee? Sancho was not so sore hurt, but that he could hear all his Masters reasons very well: wherefore arising somewhat hastily, hee ran behinde Doretea her Palfray, and from thence said to his Lord, Tell me Sir, if you be not determined to marry with this Prin cesse, it is most cleer that the Kingdome shall not bee yours: and if it be not, what favours can you bee able to doe to me? it is of this that I complain me: Marrie your self one for one with this Princesse, now that we have her here, as it were rained to us down from Heaven, and you may after turn to my Ladie Dulcinea; for I think there bee Kings in the World that keep Lemmans. As for beauty, I will not intermeddle; for if I must say the truth, each of both is very fair, although I have never seen the Lady Dulcinea. How! hast thou not seen her blasphemous Traytor, quoth Don-Quixote, as if thou didest but even now bring me a message from her? I say, quoth Sancho, I have not seen her so leisurely, as I might particularly note her beautie and good parts one by one, but yet in a clap as I saw them, they liked me very well. I doe excuse thee now, said Don-Quixote, and pardon me the displeasure which I have given unto thee, for the first motions are not in our hands. I see that well, quoth Sancho, and that is the reason why talk is in me of one of those first motions: And I cannot omit to speake once at least, that which comes to my tongue. For all that Sancho, replyed Don-Quixote, see well what thou speakest; for, the earthen Pitcher goes so oft to the water. I will say no more. Well then, answered Sancho, God is in heaven, who seeth all these guiles, and shall be one day Judge of him that sinns most; of me in not speaking well, or of you by not doing well. Let there be no more, quoth Dorotea, but run Sancho, and kisse your Lords hand, and ask him forgivenesse, and from henceforth take more heed how you praise or dispraise any body, and speak no ill of that Lady Toboso, whom I doe not know otherwise then to doe her service; and have confidence in God, for thou shalt not want a Lordship wherein thou mayest live like a King. Sancho went with his head hanging downeward, and demanded his Lords hand, which hee gave unto him with a grave countenance, and after hee hed kissed it, hee gave him his blessing and said to him, that hee had somwhat to say unto him, and therefore bad him to come somewhat for ward that hee might speake unto him. Sancho obeyed, and both of them going a little aside, Don-Quixote said unto him, I have not had leisure after thy comming, to demand of thee in particular, concerning the Ambassage that thou carriedst, and the answere that thou broughtest back; and therefore now Fortune lends us some oportunitie and leisure, doe not denie mee the happiness which thou mayest give mee by thy good newes. Demand what you please quoth Sancho, and I will answere you, and I request you good my Lord, that you bee not from henceforth so wrathfull. Why dost thou say so Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote? I say it replied Sancho, because that these blowes which you bestowed now, were rather given in revenge of the dissention which the Devill stir red between us two the other night, then for any thing I said against my Lady Dulcinea, whom I doe honor and reverence as a relike, although she be none, only because shee is yours. I pray thee good Sancho, said Don-Quixote, fall not again into those discour ses for they offend me. I did pardon thee then, and thou knowest that a new offence must have a new penance. As they talked thus, they espied a Gallant coming towards them, riding on an Asse, and when hee drew neere, hee seemed to bee an AEgyptian; but Sancho Panca, who whensoever hee met any Asses, followed them with his eyes and his heart, as one that thought still on his owne; hee had scarce eyed him, when hee knew that it was Gines of Passamonte, and by the looke of the AEgyptian, found out the fleece of his Asse, as in truth it was; for Gines came riding on his gray Asse, who to the end hee might not bee knowne, and also have commodity to sell his beast, attyred himselfe like an AEgyptian, whose language and many others hee could speake as well as if they were his mother tongue. Sancho saw him and knew him; and scarce had hee seene and taken notice of him, when hee cryed out aloud. Ah theese Ginesillo, leave my goods behinde thee, set my life loose, and doe not intermeddle with my ease. Leave mine Asse, leave my com fort; flie Villane, absent thy selfe thee • e, and abandon that which is none of thine. He needed not to have used so many words and frumps, for Gines leaped downe at the very first, and beginning a Trot that seemed rather to bee a Gallop, hee absented himselfe and fledde farre enough from them, in a moment. Sancho went then to his Asse, and imbracing him said, How hast thou done hitherto, my Darling and Treasure, gray Asse of mine Eyes, and my deerest Companion? and with that stroked and kissed him as if it were a reasonable creature. The Asse held his peace, and permitted San cho to kisse and cherish him without answering a Word. All the rest arived, and congratulated with Sancho for the finding of his Asse, but chiefely Don-Quixote, who said unto him, that notwithstanding that hee found his Asse, yet would not hee therefore annull his Warrant for the three Colts, for which Sancho returned him very great thanks. Whilest they two travelled together discoursing thus, the Curate said to Dorotea, that shee had very discreetly discharged her selfe, as well in the Historie, as in her bre vitie and immitation thereof, to the phrase and conceits of Bookes of Knighthood: Shee answered, That shee did oft times reade bookes of that subject, but that shee knew not where the Provinces lay, nor Sea-ports, and therefore did only say at ran dome that shee had landed in Osuna. I knew it was so quoth the Curate, and there fore I said what you heard, wherewithall the matter was souldered. But is it not a marveilous thing to see with what facilitie the unfortunate Gentleman beleeves all these inventions and lies, only because they beare the stile and manner of the follies laid down in his bookes? It is quoth Cardenio, and that so rare and beyond all conceite, as I beleeve, if the like were to bee invented, scarce could the sharpest wits devise such another. There is yet quoth the Curate, as marvellous a matter as that: for leaving apart the simplicities which this good Gentleman speakes concerning his frenzie, if you will com mune with him of any other subject whatsoever, he will discourse on it with an excellent method, and shew himself to have a cleer and pleasing understanding: So that if he be not touched by matters of Chivalry, there is no man but will deem him to be of a sound and excellent Judgement. Don-Quixote on the other side prosecuted his conversing with his Squire whilest the others talked together; and said to Sancho; Let us two, friend Pancha, forget old injuries, and say unto me now, without any rancour or anger, Where? how? and when didest thou finde my Ladie Dulcinea? What did shee when thou camest? What said'st thou to her? What answered she? What countenance shewed she as she read my Letter? And who writ it out fairly for thee? And every other thing that thou shalt think worthy of notice in this affair to be demanded or answered, without either addition or lying, or soothing adulation: and on the other side doe not abbreviate it, lest thou shouldest defraud me thereby of expected delight. Sir, answered Sancho, if I must say the truth, none copied out the Letter for me; for I carried no Letter at all. Thou sayest true, quoth Don-Quixote; for I found the Tablets wherein it was written, with my self, two dayes after thy departure, which did grieve me exceedingly, because I knew not what thou wouldest doe, when thou didest perceive the want of the Letter; and I alwaies made full account, that thou wouldest return again from the place where thou shouldest first misse it. I had done so, quoth Sancho, if I had not borne it away in memory, when you read it to me, in such sort, as I said it to a Cleark of a Verstrie, who did copie it out of my understanding, so poynt by poynt, as he said that he never in all the dayes of his life, although he had read many a Letter of excommunication, read or seen so fine a Letter as it was. And doest thou hold it yet in memory Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote? No Sir, said Sancho, for after I gave it, seeing it served for none other purpose, I did willingly forget it: And if I remember any thing, it is that of the mouldy, I would say Soveraign Ladie; and the end, Yours untill death, The Knight of the Ill-favoured face: and I put between these two things in the Letter three hundred Souls, and Lives, and Sweet-eyes.