CHAP. VII. Of the high Adventure and rich winning of the Helmet of Mambrino, with other Successes which befell the invincible Knight. I T began about this time to rain and, Sancho, would fain have entred into the fulling-Mills, but Don-Quixote had conceived such hate against them for the jest recounted, as he would in no wise come neer them; but turning his way on she right hand, he fell into a high • way, as much 〈◊〉 as that wherein they rode the day before: within a while after Don-Quixote espied one a horse-back, that bore on his head somewhat that glistered like gold; and scarce had he seen him, when he turned to Sancho, and said, Me thinks Sancho that there's no proveb that is not true; for they are all sentences taken out of experience it self, which is the universall mother of Sciences; and specially that proverb that sayes, Where one door is shut another is opened. I say this, because if fortune did shut yester night the door that we searched deceiving us in the Adventure of the iron Maces, it layes us how wide open the door that may addresse us to a better and more certain Adventure, whereon if I cannot make a good entrie, the fall shall be mine, without being able to attribute it to the little knowledge of the Fulling Maces, or the darkenesse of the night; which I affirm, because, if I be not deceived, there comes one towards us, that wears on his head the helmet of Mambrino, for which I made the Oath. See well what you say Sir, and better what you doe quoth Sancho; for I would not with that this were new Maces to batter us and our understanding. The Divell take thee for a man, replyed Don-Quixote; what difference is there be twixt a Helmet and fulling Maces? I know not, quoth Sancho; but if I could speak as much now as I was wont, perhaps I would give you such reasons, as you your self should see how much you are deceived in that you speak. How may I be deceived in that I say, scrupulous traytor, quoth Don-Quixote? Tell me; seest thou not that Knight which comes riding towards us on a dapple gray horse, with a Helmet of gold on his head? That which I see and finde out to be so, answered Sancho, is none other then a man on a gray Asse like mine own, and brings on his head somewhat that shines. Why that is Mambrino's Helmet, quoth Don-Quixote: stand aside and leave me alone with him; thou shalt see how without speech, to cut off delayes, I will conclude this Adventure, and remain with the Helmet as mine own, which I have so much de sired: I will have care to stand off: but I turn again to say, that I pray God, that it be a purchase of gold, and not Fulling-Mills: I have already said unto thee, that thou doe not make any more mention, no not in thought of those Maces: For if thou doest, said Don-Quixote, I vow, I say no more, that I will batter thy soul. Here Sancho fearing lest his Master would accomplish the vow which he had thrown out as round as a bowle, held his peace. This therefore is the truth of the History of the Helmet • Horse and Knight, which Don-Quixote saw: There was in that Commarke two villages, the one so little as it had neither shop nor Barber, but the greater that was neere unto it, was furnished of one; and hee therefore did serve the little village when they had any occasion, as now it befell that therein lay one sick and must bee let blood, and another that desired to trimme his Beard; for which purpose the Barber came, bringing with him a brazen Bason: and as hee travelled, it • y chance began to rayne, and therefore clapt his Ba son on his head to save his hat from stayning, because it belike was a new one. And the Bason being cleane scowred, glistered halfe a league off. Hee rode on a gray Asse, as Sancho said; and that was the reason why Don-Quixote tooke him to bee a dapple gray Steed: Hee likewise took the Barber for a Knight, and his glistering Bason for a Helmet of gold; for hee did with all facilitie apply every thing which hee saw to his raving Chivalrie and ill-errant thoughts. And when hee saw that the poor Knight drew neere, without setling himselfe to commune with him, hee inrested his [Sancon] Javelin low on the thigh, and ran with all the force Rozinante might, think ing to strike him thorow and thorow; and drawing neere unto him, without stoping his Horse, hee cryed defend thy selfe Caytif, or else render unto mee willingly that which is my due by all reason. The Barber who so without fearing or surmising any such thing, saw that Fantasie and Spirit came upon him, had no other remedy to avoid the blow of the Launce but to fall off of his Asse to the ground: and scarce had hee touched the earth, when ris sing up againe as light as a Deer, he runn away so swiftly through the plane, as the winde could scarce overtake him; leaving behind him on the ground his Bason, where withall Don-Quixote rested content, and said, that Pagan which lost it was discreet, and did imitate the Castor, who seeing himself hotly pursued by the hunters, which tears & cuts away that with his teeth, for which hee knows by naturall instinct he was follow ed. Then hee commanded Sancho to take up the Helmet, who lifting it said, the Bason is a good one by God, and is as well worth a Riall of eight as a marmedie; and giving it to his Lord, hee presently set it on his head, turning about every way, to see whe ther hee could get the Beaver, and seeing hee could not finde it, hee said. The Pa gan for whome this famous Helmet was first forged, had doubtlesly a very great Head; and that which grieves mee principally is, that this Helmet wants the one halfe. When Sancho haard him call the Bason a Helmet, hee could not contain his laughter, but presently remembering of his Masters choler, hee chek't it in the midst. Why dost thou laugh Sancho, quoth Don-Quixotes.? I laugh said hee, to thinke on the great head the Pagan, owner of this Helmet, had; for it is for all the world like a Barbers Bason. Know Sancho that I imagine, quoth Don Quixote, that this famous peece of this inchanted Helmet did fall by some strange accident into some ones hands that knew not the worth thereof, and seeing it was of pure gold, without knowing what hee did, I thinke hee hath molten the halfe, to profit himselfe therewithall, and made of the o so ther halfe this, which seemes a Barbers Bason, as thou sayest: But bee what it list, to mee who knows well what it is, his transmutation makes no matter; for I will dresse it in the first towne where I shall finde a Smith, as that which the God of forges made for the God of Warre shall not surpasse, no nor come neere it; and in the meane while I will weare it as I may; for somthing is better then nothing: and more, seeing it may very well defend mee from the blow of a stone. That's true, quoth Sancho, if it bee not throwne out of a sling, such as that of the battle of the two Armies, when they blessed your Worships cheeke teeth, and broke the bottle wherein you carried the most blessed drench which made mee vomit up my guts. I doe not much care for the losse of it Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote, for as thou knowest I have the receite in memory; so have I likewise quoth Sancho, but if ever I make it or taste it again in my life, I pray God that here may bee mine end. How much more I never meane to thrust my selfe, into a ny occasion wherein I should have neede of it; for I meane with all my five sences to keepe my selfe from hurting any, or being hurt. Of being once againe tost in a Coverlet I say nothing, for such disgraces can hardly bee prevented, and if they befall, there is no other remedie but patience, and to lift up the shoulders, keepe in the breath, shut the eyes, and suffer our selves to be borne where Fortune and the Coverlet pleaseth. Thou art a bad Christian Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote, hearing him say so; for thou never forgetest the injuries that are once done to thee: know that it is the duty of noble and generous mindes, not to make any account of toyes. What leg hast thou brought away lame? what rib broken? or what head hurt, that thou canst not yet forget that jest? for the thing being well examined, it was none other then a jest or pastime; for if I did not take it to be such, I had returned by this to that place, and done more harme in thy revenge, then that which the Greeks did for the rape of Helen: who if she were in these times, or my Dulcinea in hers, she might be sure she should never have gained so much fame for beauty as she did: And saying so, he pierced the skie with a sigh. Then said Sancho, let it passe for a jest, since the revenge cannot passe in earnest. But I know well the quality both of the jest and earnest, and also that they shall never fall out of my memory, as they will never out of my shoulders. But leaving this apart, what shall we doe with this dapple gray stead, that looks so like a gray Asse, which that Martin left behinde, whom you overthrew, who according as he laid feet on the dust and made haste, he mindes not to come back for him again; and by my beard the gray beast is a good one. I am not accustomed, quoth Don-Quixote, to ransack and spoyl those whom I overcome; nor is it the practise of Chi valry to take their horses and let them goe a foot: if that it befall the Victor to lose in the conflict his own; for in such a case it is lawfull to take that of the Vanquished as won in fair warre. So that Sancho leave that Horse, or Asse, or what else thou pleasest to call it; for when his owner sees us departed, he will return again for it. God knows, quoth Sancho, whether it will be good or no for me to take him, or at least change for mine own, which me thinks is not so good. Truely the Laws of Knighthood are straight, since they extend not themselves to licence the exchange of one Asse for another: And I would know whether they permit at least to exchange the one harnesse for another. In that I am not very sure, quoth Don-Quixote; and as a case of doubt (untill I be better informed) I say that thou exchange them, if by chance thy need bee extream. So extream, quoth Sancho, that If they were for mine own very person, I could not neede them more. And presently, enabled by the Licence, he made mutatio Caparum, and set forth his beast like a hundred holy dayes. This being done they broak their fast with the reliques of the spoyles they had made in the Camp of Sumpter horse, and drunk of the Mills streams, without once turning to look on them (so much they abhor'd them for the marveilous terrour they had strucken them in) and having by their repast cut away all cholerick and melancholick humours, they followed on the way which Rozinante pleased to lead them (who was the depository of his Masters will, and also of the Asses; who followed him al waies wheresoever he went, in good amity and company. For all this they returned to the high-way, wherein they travelled at randome, without any certain deliberation which way to goe. And as they thus travailed, Sancho said to his Lord, Sir, will you give me leave to commune a little with you; for since you have imposed upon me that sharp commandement of silence, more then four things have rotted in my sto mack; and one thing that I have now upon the tip of my tongue, I would not wish for any thing that it should miscarrie. Say it, quoth Don-Quixote, and be brief in thy reasons; for none is delightfull if it bee prolix. I say then, quoth Sancho, that I have beene these later daies, considering how little is gained by following these Adventures, that you doe through these Desarts and crosse waies, where though you overcome and finish the most dangerous; yet no man sees or knowes them, and so they shall remaine in perpetuall silence, both to your prejudice, and that of the fame which they deserve. And therefore mee thinks it were better (still excepting your better judgement herein) that wee went to serve some Emperour, or other great Prince that maketh warre, in whose service you might shew the valour of your Person, your marvelous force, and wonderfull Judgement: which being perceived by the Lord whom wee shall serve, hee must perforce reward us, every one according to his deserts; and in such a place will not want one to record your noble acts for a perpetuall memory: of mine I say no thing, seeing they must not transgresse the Squire-like limits; although I dare avouch that if any notice bee taken in Chivalry of the feats of Squires, mine shall not fall away betwixt the lines. Sancho thou sayest not ill, quoth Don-Quixote; but before such a thing come to passe, it is requisite to spend some time up and down the World, as in pro bation, seeking of Adventures; to the end, that by atchieving some, a man may ac quire such fame and renown, as when hee goes to the Court of any great Monarch, hee bee there already known by his works, and that hee shall scarcely bee perceived to enter at the gates by the boyes of that Citie, when they all will follow and inviron him, crying out aloud, That is the Knight of the Sunne, or the Serpent, or of some other device, under which hee hath atchieved strange Adventures. This is hee (will they say) who overcame in single sight the huge Giant Brocabruno of the invincible strength. Hee that disinchanted the great Sophie of Persia, of the large inchantment wherein hee had lien almost nine hundred years. So that they will thus goe pro claiming his acts from hand to hand; and presently the King of that Kingdome, moved by the great bruit of the boyes and other people, will stand at the Windows of his Pallace, to see what it is; And as soon as hee shall eye the Knight, knowing him by his Armes, or by the Impresa of his Shield, he must necessarily say, Up, goe all of you my Knights, as many of you as are in Court, forth, to receive the flower of Chivalry, which comes there. At whose commandement they all will salley, and hee himself will come down to the midest of the stairs, and will imbrace him most straightly, & will give him the peace, kissing him on the cheek; and presently will carrie him by the hand to the Queens Chamber, where the Knight shall finde her accom panied by the Princesse her daughter, which must bee one of the fairest and debonair Damzels that can be found throughout the vast compasse of the earth: After this will presently and in a trice succeed, that shee will cast her eye on the Knight, and hee on her, and each of them shall seem to the other no humane creature, but an Angell; and then without knowing how, or how not, they shall remain captive and intangled in the intricable amorous Net, and with great care in their mindes, because they know not how they shall speak to discover their anguish and feeling. From thence the King will carrie him without doubt, to some quarter of his Pallace richly hanged; where, having taken off his Armes, they will bring him a rich Mantle of Scarlet, furred with Ermines, to wear; and if hee seemed well before, being Armed; hee shall now look as well, or better, out of them. The night being come, hee shall Sup with the King, Queen, and Princesse, where he shall never take his eye off her, beholding unawares of those that stand present, and shee will doe the like with as much discretion: for, as I have said, shee is a very discreet Damzell. The Tables shall bee taken up; there shall enter unexpectedly in at the hall, an ill-favoured little Dwarff, with a fair Lady that comes behinde the Dwarff between two Giants, with a certain Adventure wrought by a most ancient wise man; and that hee who shall end it, shall be held for the best Knight of the World. Presently the King will command all those that are present to prove it, which they doe, but none of them can finish it, but only the new come Knight to the great proof of his fame. Whereat the Princesse will remain very glad, and will be very joyfull and well apaid, because shee hath setled her thoughts in so high a place. And the best of it is. That this King, or Prince • or what else hee is, hath a very great Warre with another as mightie as he; and the Knight his guest doth ask him (after hee hath been in the Court a few dayes) licence to goe and serve him in that Warre. The King will give it with a very good will, and the Knight will kisse his hands courteously for the favour hee doth him therein: And that night he will take leave of his Ladie the Princesse by some win dow of a Garden that looks into her Bed-chamber, by the which he hath spoaken to her oft times before, being a great means and help thereto, a certain Damzell which the Princesse trusts very much. He sighs, and she will fall in a swond, and the Damzell will bring water, to bring her to her self again. Shee will bee also full of care because the morning draws neer, and she would not have them discovered for any her Ladies honour. Finally, the Princesse will return to her self, and will give out her beautifull hands at the window to the Knight, who will kisse them a thousand and a thousand times, and will bathe them all in tears. There it will remain agreed be tween them two, the means that they will use to acquaint one another with their good or bad successes; and the Princesse will pray him to stay away as little time as he may, which hee shall promise unto her, with many Oaths and Protestations. Then will he turn again to kisse her hands, and take his leave of her with such feeling, that there will want but little to end his life in the place: hee goes from thence to his Chamber, and casts himself upon his Bed; but he shall not be able to sleep a nap for sorrow of his departure: Hee will after get up very early, and will goe to take leave of the King, the Queene and Princesse. They tell him (having taken leave of the first two) that the Princesse is ill at ease and that shee cannot bee visited: the Knight thinks that it is for griefe of his departure, and the which ti •• ngs launceth him a new to the bottom of his heart. whereby hee will bee almost constrained to give manifest tokens of his griefe: the damzel that is privie to their loves will be pre sent, and must note all that passeth, and goe after to tell it to her Mistrisse, who re ceives her with teares, and sayes, unto her that one of the greatest afflictions shee hath is, that shee doth not know who is her Knight, or whether hee bee of blood royall or no: Her Damzell will assure her againe, that so great bountie, beauty and valour as is in her Knight, could not finde place but in a great and royall subject. The carefull Princesse will comfort her selfe with this hope, and labor to bee cheerefull left shee should give occasion to her Parents to suspect any sinister thing of her; and within two dayes agayne shee will come out in publique. By this the Knight is de parted, hee fights in the war, and overcomes the Kings enemie, hee winnes many Cities, and triumphs for many Battles, hee returnes to the Court, hee visits his La dy, and speaks to her at the accustomed place, hee agreeth with her to demand her of the King for his wife, in reward of his services, whereunto the King will not consent, because hee knowes not what hee is: but for all this, eyther by carying her away, or by some other manner, the Princesse becomes his wife, and hee accounts himselfe therefore very fortunate, because it was after known that the same Knight is sonne to a very valorous King, of I know not what Countrey; for I beleeve it is not in all the Mappe. The Father dies, and the Princesse doth inherit the Kingdome, and thus in two words our Knight is become a King, Here in this place enters pre sently the commoditie to reward his Squire, and all those that holpe him to ascend to so high an estate. Hee marries his Squire with one of the Princesses Damzels, which shall doubtlesly be the very same that was acquainted with his love, who is some principall Dukes daughter. That's it I seek for, quoth Sancho, and all will goe right; therefore I will leave to that; for every whit of it which you said will happen to your self, without missing a jot, calling your self, The Knight of the ill-favoured • ace. Never doubt it Sancho, quoth Don-Quixote; for even in the very same manner, and by the same steps that I have recounted here, Knights Errant doe ascend, and have ascended to be Kings and Empe rours. This only is expedient, That we enquire what King among the Christians or Heathens makes warr and hath a fair daughter: but we shall have time enough to bethink that, since as I have said we must first acquire fame in other places, before we goe to the Court. Also I want another thing, that put case that we find a Christian or Pagan King, that hath warrs and a fair daughter, and that I have gained incre dible fame throughout the wide-world, yet cannot I tell how I might finde that I am descended from Kings, or that I am at the least Cousen Germain removed of an Emperour? for the King will not give mee his daughter untill this bee first very well proved, though my works deserve it never so much; so that I feare to lose through this defect, that which mine owne hath merited so well. True it is that I am a Gentleman of a known house of propriety and possession; and perhaps the wise man that shall write my History will so beautifie my kindred and discent, that hee will finde mee to bee the fift or sixe discent from a King; for thou must understand Sancho, that there are two manners of lineages in the world. Some that derive their Pedegree from Princes and Monarchs, whom time hath by little and little diminished and consumed, and ended in a point like Pyramydes. Others that tooke their beginning from base people, and ascend from degree unto degree, untill they become at last great Lords. So that all the difference is, That some were that which they are not now; and others are that which they were not; and it might bee that I am of those, and after good exa mination my beginning might bee found to have beene famous and glorious, where withall the King, my father in lawe ought to bee content, whosoever hee were: and when hee were not, yet shall the Princesse love mee in such sort, that shee shall in de spight of her Fathers teeth admitt mee for her Lord and Spouse, although shee knew mee to bee the son of a water-bearer. And if not, here in this place may quader well the carying of her away perforce, and carying of her where best I liked; for either time or death must needs end her fathers displeasure. Here comes well to passe that, Sancho, which some damned fellowes are wont to say; Seeke not to get that with a good will, which thou maist take perforce, although it were better said, The leaps of a shrub is more worth then good mens intreaties. I say it to this purpose, that if the King your father in law will not condiscend to give unto you the Princesse my Mistresse, then there's no more to be done, but as you say to her, steal away and carry her to another place: but all the harme is, that in the mean while that composition is unmade, and you possesse not quietly your Kingdome, the poor Squire may whistle for any benefit or pleasure you are able to doe him, if it bee not that the damzel of whom you spoke even now, run away with her Lady, and that hee passe away his misfortunes now and then with her, untill heaven ordaine some other thing: for I doe think that his Lord may give her unto him presently, if shee please to be his lawfull Spouse. There's none that can deprive thee of that, quoth Don-Quixote. Why, so that this may befall, quoth Sancho, there's no more but to commend our selves to God and let Fortune runne where it may best addresse us. God bring it so to passe, quoth Don-Quixote, as I desire, and thou hast need of Sancho; and let him be a wretch that accouts himself one. Let him be so, quoth Sancho, for I am an old Christian; and to be an Earl, there is no more requisite. I, and 'tis more then enough, quoth Don-Quixote, for that purpose; and though thou werest not, it made not much matter; for I being a King, may give thee nobility, without eyther buying of it, or serving me with nothing: For in creating thee an Earle, loe thereby thou art a Gentleman. And let men say what they please; they must in good faith, call thee Right Honourable, although it grieve them never so much. And think you, quoth Sancho, that I would not authorize my Litado. Thou must say Dictado or dignity, quoth Don-Quixote, and not Litado, for that's barbarous word. Let it be so, quoth Sancho Panca; I say that I would accommodate all very well; for I was once the Warner of a Confratriety, and the Warners gown became me so well, that every one said I had a presence sit for the Provest of the same. Then how much more when I shall set on my shoulders the Royall Robe of a Duke, or bee apparrelled with gold and pearls after the custome of strange Earls? I doe verify believe that men will come a hundred leagues to see me. Thou wilt seem very well, quoth Don-Quixote; but thou must shave that beard very often; for as thou hast it now so bushie, knit, and unhand some: if thou shavest it not with a Razor at the least every other day, men will know that thou art as farre from Gentilitie as a Musquet can carrie. What more is there to be done, quoth Sancho, then to take a Barber and keep him hired in my house? yea, and if it be necessary, hee shall ride after me, as if hee were a Master of Horse to some Noble man. How knowest thou, quoth Don-Quixote, that Noble men have their Masters of Horses riding after them? Some few years agoe I was a moneth in the Court, and there I saw that a young little Lord rode by for his pleasure, they said hee was a great Grandee: there followed him still a horse-back a certain man turning every way that he went, so as he verily seemed to bee his horse taile. I then de manded the cause, why that man did not ride by the others side, but still did follow him so? They answered me that he was Master of his horses, and that the Grandees were accustomed to carrie such men after them. Thou sayest true, quoth Don-Quixote, and thou mayest carrie thy Barber in that manner after thee; for customes came not all together, nor were not invented at once: And thou mayest bee the first Earl that car ried his Barber after him. And I doe assure thee that it is an Office of more trust to trim a mans beard then to saddle a horse. Let that of the Barber rest to my charge, quoth Sancho; and that of procuring to be a King, and of creating me an Earl, to yours. It shall bee so, quoth Don-Quixote: And thus lifting up his eyes, hee saw that which shall bee recounted in the chapter following.