CHAP. VII. Wherein is prosecuted the Historie of the Curious-Im pertinent. E Ven, as it is commonly said, That an Armie seems not well without a Generall; or a Castle without a Con stable: So doe I affirm, That it is much more inde cent to see a young married Woman without her Hus band, when hee is not justly deteined away by necessa rie Affairs. I finde my self so ill-disposed in your absence, and so impatient and impotent to indure it longer, as, if you doe not speedily return, I shall bee constrained to return back unto my Father, although I should leave your house without any keeping: For the guard you appoint ed for me, if it bee so that hee may deserve that title, looks more, I believe to his own pleasure, then to that which concerns you; therefore seeing you have wit enough, I will say no more; nor ought I to say more in reason. Anselmo received the Letter, and by it understood that Lothario had begun the en terprize, and that Camila had answered to him according as he had hoped: And mar vellous glad at the news, hee answered his wife by word of mouth, That shee should not remove in any wise from her house; for hee would return with all speed. Camila was greatly admired at his answer, which struck her into a greater perplexitie then shee was at the first, being afraid to stay at home, and also to goe to her Father. For by staying shee indangers her honesty; by going shee should transgresse her Husbands command: At last shee resolved to doe that which was worst, which was to remain at home, and not to shun Lothario's presence, lest shee should give her Servants occa • ion of suspi • ion: and now shee was grieved to have written what shee did to her Husb • nd, fearfull lest hee should think that Lothario had noted in her some token of lightn • sse, which might have moved him to lose the respect which otherwise was due unto • er: But confident in her innocencie, shee cast her hopes in God and her good thou • hts, wherewithall shee thought to resist all Lothario's words, and by holding her silent • ith out making him any answer, without giving any further account of the matter t • her Husband, lest thereby shee might plunge him in new difficulties and contention • ich his friend, and did therefore bethink her how shee might excuse Lothario to Ansel mo, when hee should demand the occasion that moved her to write unto himthat Letter. With these more honest then profitable or discreet resolutions, shee gave eare th • se cond day to Lothario, who charged her with such resolution, as her constancie began to stagger, and her honesty had enough to doe recurring to her eyes to containe them, lest they should give any demonstration of the amorous compassion which Lotharioes words and teares had stirred in her brest. Lothario noted all this, and it inflamed him the more. Finally, hee thought that it was requisite the time and leisure which Ansel • oes absence afforded him, to lay closer siege to that Fortresse; and so hee assaulted her pre sumptuously, with the prayses of her beautie, for there is nothing which with such faci litie doth rend and raze to the ground the proudly-crested Turrets of womens vanitie, then the same vanitie being dilated on by the tongue of adulation and flatterie, To bee briefe, hee did with all diligence undermine the Rock of her integritie with so warlike Engines, as although Camila were made of brasse, yet would shee bee overthrown, for Lothario wept, intreated, promised, flattered, persisted and fained so feelingly, and with such tokens of truth, as traversing Cameliaes care of her honour, hee came in the end to triumph over that which was least suspected, and hee most desired; for she ren dred her selfe, even Camelia rendred her selfe. But what wonder if Lotharioes amitie could not stand on foote? A cleere example, plainly demonstrating that the amorous passion is only vanquished by shuning it, and that no body ought to adventure to wre stle with so strong an Adversarie; for heavenly forces are necessarie for him that would confront the violence of that passion, although humane. None but Leonela knew the weakenesse of her Ladie, for from her the two bad friends and new lovers could not conceale the matter; nor yet would Lothario discover to Camila her husbands pretence, or that he had given him wittingly the oportunity whereby he arived to that passe, be cause she should not imagine that he had gotten her lightly, and by chance, and did not purposely sollicite her. A few dayes after Anselmo arrived to his house, and did not perceive what wanted therein, to wit, that which it had lost, and he most esteemed. From thence he went to see his friend Lothario, whom he found at home, and embracing one another, he demanded of him the news of his life or of his death, The news which I can give thee, friend Anselmo, quoth Lothario, are, that thou hast a wife, who may deservedly be the example and garland of all good women. The words that I spoke unto her, were spent on the ayre, my proffers contemned, and my gifts repulsed, and besides, she hath mock't mee notably for certain fained teares that I did shead. In resolution, even as Camila is the pattern of all beauty, so is she a treasury wherein modesty resides, courtesie and warinesse dwell, and all the other vertues that may beautifie an ho nourable woman, or make her fortunate. Therefore friend, take back thy money, for here it is ready, and I never had occasion to imploy it: for Camila's integrity cannot bee subdued with so base things as are gifts and promises. And Anselmo content thy selfe now with the proofes made already, without attempting to make any farther try all. And seeing thou hast past over the Sea of difficulties and suspicions with a drie foot, which may and are wont to bee had of women; doe not eftsoones enter into the pro found depths of new inconveniences, nor take thou any other Pilot to make experience of the goodnesse and strength of the Vessell that Heaven hath alotted to thee, to passe therein thorow the Seas of this world; but make account that thou art harboured in a safe Haven, and there hold thy selfe fast with the Anchor of good consideration, and so rest thee untill death come to demand his debt, from the payment whereof no No bility or priviledge whatsoever can exempt us. Anselmo rested singularly satisfied at Lotharioes discourse, and did beleeve it as firmly as if it were delivered by an Oracle: but did intreate him notwithstanding to prosecute his attempt, although it were only done for curiositie, and to passe away the time; yet not to use so efficacious meanes as hee thitherto practised; and that hee only desired him to write some verses in her praise under the name of Clori, for hee would make Camila beleeve, that hee was enamoured on a certaine Lady, to whom hee did appropriate that name, that hee might celebrate her prayses with the respect due to her honour, and that if hee would not take the pains to invent them, that hee himselfe would willingly compose them. That is not needfull quoth Lothario, for the Muses are not so alienated from mee, but that they visite mee somtimes in the yeere. Tell you unto Camila what you have devised of my loves, and as for the verses, I will make them my selfe; if not so well as the subject deserves, yet at the least as artificially as I may devise them: The impertinent curious man and his trea cherous friend having thus agreed, and Anselmo returned to his house, hee demanded of Camila that which shee marvelled hee had not asked before, that shee should tell un to him the occasion why shee sent unto him the Letter? Camila made answer, Because it seemed unto her, that Lothario beheld her some what more immodest then when he was at home; but that now she did againe disswade her selfe, and be leeved that it was but a light surmise, without any ground, because that shee perceived Lothario to loath her presence, or be by any meanes alone with her. Anselmo told her that she might very well live secure for him, for that he knew Lothario's affections were bestowed else-where, and that upon one of the noblest Damzels of the Citie, whose praises hee solemnized under the name of Clori, and that although hee were not, yet was there no cause to doubt of Lothario's virtue, or the amitie that was between them both. Here if Camila had not been premonished by Lothario, that the love of Clori was but fained, and that hee himself had told it to Anselmo to blinde him, that hee might with lesse difficultie celebrate her own praises under the name of Clori, shee had without doubt faln into the desperate toyles of jealousie; but being already advertised shee posted over that assault lightly. The day following they three sitting together at dinner, Anselmo requested Lothario to repeat some one of the Verses that hee had made to his beloved Clori; for seeing that Camila knew her not, hee might boldly say what hee pleased. Although shee knew her quoth Lothario, yet would I not therefore suppresse any part of her praises. For when any Lover praiseth his Ladie for her beauty, and doth withall taxe her of cruelty, her credit incurs no danger. But befall what it list, I composed yesterday a Sonnet of the ingratitude of Clori, and is this ensuing. A SONNET. AMid'st the silence of the darkest night, When sweetest sleep invadeth mortall eyes; I poor account, to Heav'n and Clori bright, Give of the richest harmes, which ever rise. And at the time, wee Phoebus may devise, Shine through the roseal gates of th'Orient bright, With deep accents and sighs, in Wonted guise, I doe my Plaints renew, with main and might. And when the Sunne, down from his Starry seat, Directest rayes towards the earth doth send, My sighs I double and my sad regret: And night returns; but of my Woes no end: For I finde alwaies, in my mortall strife, Heav'n without eares, and Clori likewise deaf. Camila liked the Sonnet very well, but Anselmo best of all; for hee praised it, and said, that the Lady must bee very cruell that would not answer such perspicuous truths with reciprocall affection. But then Camila answered, Why then (belike) all that which enamoured Poets say is true? In as much as Poets, quoth Lothario, they say not truth; but as they are inamoured, they remain as short as they are true. That is que stionlesse, quoth Anselmo, all to underprop and give Lothario more credit with Camila, who was as carelesse of the cause (her Husband said so) as shee was inamoured of Lothario; and therefore with the delight shee took in his compositions, but chiefly knowing that his desires and labours were addrest to her self, who was the true Clori, shee intreated him to repeat some other Sonnet or Dittie, if hee remembred any. Yes that I doe, quoth Lothario; but I believe that it is not so good as the first, as you may well judge; for it is this. A SONNET. I Die, and if I cannot bee believ'd, My death's more certain, as it is most sure To see me, a • thy feet, of life depriv'd; Rather then grieve, this thraldome to indure. Well may I (in oblivious shades obscure) Of Glorie, Life, and Favour bee deny'd: And yet even there, shall in my bosome pure, The shape of thy fair face, iugrav'd, bee ey'd. For that's a relique, which I doe reserve For the last Trances, my contentions threaten. Which mid'st thy rigour doth it self preserve. O woe's the Wight, that is by tempests beaten By night, in unknown Seas, in danger rife, For want of North, or Hav'n to lose his life! Anselmo commended also this second Sonnet as hee had done the first, and added by that means one link to another in the chain, wherewith hee intangled himself, and forged his own dishonour; seeing when Lothario dishonoured him most of all, hee said unto him then that hee honoured him most. And herewithall Camila made all the links, that verily served only to abase her down to the Center of contempt, seem to mount her in her Husbands opinion up to the height of virtue and good fame. It befell soon after, that Camila finding her self alone with her Maiden, said to her, I am ashamed, friend Leonela, to see how little I knew to value my self, seeing that I made not Lothario spend some time at least in the purchasing the whole possession of me, which I, with a prompt will, bestowed upon him so speedily: I fear me that hee will impute my hastinesse to lightnesse, without considering the force hee used towards me, which wholly hindred and disabled my resistance. Let not that afflict you Madam, quoth Leonela; for it is no sufficient cause to diminish estimation, that that bee given quickly which is to bee given, if that in effect be good that is given, and be in it self worthy of estimation; for it is an old proverb, That hee that gives quickly, gives twice. It is also said as well, quoth Camila, That that which costeth little, is lesse esteemed. That reason hath no place in you, quoth Leonela, for as much as Love, according as some have said of it, doth sometimes flie, other times it goes; it runs with this man, and goes leisurely with the other; it makes some key-cold, and inflames others; some it wounds, and some it kills; it begins the Career of his desires in an instant, and in the very same concludes it likewise: It is wont to lay siedge to the Fortresse in the mor ning, and at night it makes it to yield, for there's no force able to resist it: which being so, what doe you wonder? or what is it that you fear, if the same hath befaln Lothario, seeing that Love made of my Lords absence an instrument to vanquish us? And it was forcible, that in it wee should conclude on it which Love had before determined, with out giving time it self any time to lead Anselmo that hee might return, and with his presence leave the work imperfect: For Love hath none so officious or better a mini ster to execute his desires then is occasion: It serves it self of occasion in all his act, but most of all at the beginning: And all this that I have said I know rather by ex perience, then hear-say, as I will some day let you to understand: for, Madam, I am likewise made of flesh and lustie young blood: And as for you, Ladie Camila, you did not give up and yeeld your self presently, but stayed untill you had first seen in Lo thorio's eyes, his sighs in his discourses, in his promises, and gifts all his soul, in which and in his perfections, you might read how worthy hee is to bee loved. And seeing this is so, let not these scruples and nice thoughts assault or further disturb your minde, but perswade your self that Lothario esteems you as much as you doe him, and lives with content and satisfaction, seeing that it was your Fortune to fall into the amorous Snare, that it was his good luck to catch you with his valour and deserts; who not only hath the four S. S. which they say every good Lover ought to have, but also the whole A. A. C. which if you will not credit, doe but listen to me a while, and I will repeat it to you by roate. He is, as it seems, and as far as I can judge, Amiable, Bounti full, Courteous, Dutifull, Enamoured, Firm, Gallant, Honourable, Illustrious, Loyall, Milde, Noble, Honest, Prudent, Quiet, Rich, and the S. S. which they say; and besides True, Valourous: the X. doth not quader well with him, because it sounds harshly: Y. hee is Young; and the Z. hee is Zealous of thine honour. Camila laughed at her Maydens A. B. C. and accounted her to bee more practick in Love-matters then she her self had confessed, as indeed shee was; for then shee revealed to her Mistrisse, how she and a certain young man, well born, of the Citie, did treat of Love one with another. Hereat her Mistrisse was not a little troubled in minde, fearing that her honour might bee greatly indangered by that means; shee demanded whether her affection had passed farther then words? And the Maid answered very shamelesly and freely, that they did: for it is most certain, that this kinde of wretchlesse Mistrisses doe also make their Maydens carelesse and impudent; who when they perceive their Ladies to faulter, are commonly wont to hault likewise themselves, and care not that the World doe know it. Camila seeing that errour past remedie, could doe no more but intreate Leonela, not to reveale any thing of their affaires to him shee said was her sweet heart, and that shee should handle her matters discreetly and secretly, lest they might come to Anselmo or Lotharioes notice. Leonela promised to performe her will; but did accomplish her pro mise in such sort, as shee did confirme Camilaes feares, that shee should lose her credit by her meanes. For the dishonest and bold Gyrle, after shee had perceived that her Mistrisses proceedings were not such as they were wont, grew so hardy, as shee gave entrance and brought her Lover into her Masters house, presuming that although her Ladie knew it, yet would shee not dare to discover it. For this among other harmes follow the sinns of Mistrisses, that it makes them slaves to their own servants, and doth oblige them to them to conceale their dishonest and base proceedings, as it fel out in Camila, who, although she espied Leonela, not once only, but sundry times together with her Lover in a certain chamber of the house, she not onely dared not to rebuke her for it, but rather gave her opportunity to hide him, and would remoove all occasion out of her husbands way, whereby he might suspect any such thing. But all could not hinder Lothario from espying him once, as he departed out of the house at the break of the day: who not knowing him, thought at the first it was a spi rit, but when he saw him post away, and cast his cloke over his face, lest he should be known, he abandoning his simple surmise, fel into a new suspition which had overthrown them all, were it not that Camila did remedie it. For Lothario though, that he whom he had seen issue out of Anselmo's house at so unreasonable an hour, had not en tred into it for Leonela's sake, nor did he remember then that there was such a one as Leonela in the world, but onely thought, that as Camila was lightly gotten by him, so belike she was wonn by some other. For the wickednesse of a bad woman bringeth usually all these additions, that she loseth her reputation even with him, to whom pray ed and perswaded shee yeeldeth her self: and he beleeveth that shee will as easily, or with more facility consent to others, and doth infallibly credit the least suspition which thereof may be offered. And it seems that Lothario in this instant was wholly deprived of all reasonable dis course, and quite dispoyled of his understanding; for without pondering of the matter, impatient and kindled by the jealous rage that inwardly gnawed his bowels, fretting with desire to be revenged on Camila, who had never offended him, he came to Ansel mo before he was up, and said to him, Know, Anselmo, that I have had these many dayes a civill conflict within my self whether I should speak or no, and I have used as much vi olence as I might, to my selfe, not to discover a thing unto you, which now it is neither just nor reasonable I should conceale. Know that Camila's fortresse is rendred, and subject to all that I please to command, and if I have been somewhat slow to inform the this of truth: it was because I would first see, whether it proceeded of some light appetite in her: or whether she did it to trie me, and see whether that love was still con stantly continued, which I first began to make unto her by thy order and licence. I did also beleeve, that if she had been such as she ought to be, and her that we both esteemed her, she would have by this time acquainted you with my importunacy: but seeing that she lingers therein, I presume that her promises made unto me are true, that when you did again absent your self out of town, she would speak with me in the Ward robe (and it was true: for there Camila was accustomed to talke with him) yet would not I have thee runne rashly to take revenge, seeing the sinne is not yet otherwise com mitted then in thought, and perhaps between this and the oportunity shee might hope to put it in execution, her minde would bee changed, and shee repent her self of her folly: And therefore seeing thou hast ever followed mine advice partly or wholly, follow and keep one counsell that I will give unto thee now, to the end that thou mayest after, with carefull assurance, and without fraud, satisfie thine own will as thou likest best; faine thy self to bee absent two or three dayes as thou art wont, and then convey thy self cunningly into the Wardrobe, where thou mayest very well hide thy self behinde the Tapestry, and then thou shalt see with thine own eyes, and I with mine, what Camila will doe; and if it bee that wickednesse which rather ought to bee feared then hoped for, thou mayest with wisedome, silence, and discretion, bee the proper executio ner of so injurious a wrong. Anselmo remained amazed, and almost besides himself, hearing his friend Lothario so unexpectedly to acquaint him with those things in a time whereing hee least expe cted them; for now hee esteemed Camila to have escaped victresse from the forged assaults of Lothario, and did himself triumph for glorie of her victorie. Suspended thus and troubled, hee stood silent a great while looking on the earth, without once removing his eye from it; and finally, turning towards his friend, hee said; Lothario, thou hast done all that which I could expect from so intire amitie, and I doe therefore mean to follow thine advice in all things precisely: Doe therefore what thou pleasest, and keep that secret which is requisite in so weighty and unexpected an event. All that I doe promise, quoth Lothario: and so departed wholly repented for that hee had told to Anselmo, seeing how foolishly hee had proceeded, since hee might have revenged himself on Camila very well, without taking a way so cruell and dishonourable. There did hee curse his little wit, and abased his light resolution, and knew not what means to use to destroy what hee had done, or give it some reasonable and contrary issue. In the end hee resolved to acquaint Camila with the whole matter, and by reason that hee never missed of oportunity to speake unto her, hee found her alone the very same day; and shee seeing likewise that shee had fit time to speak unto him, said, Know, friend Lo thario, that a certain thing doth pinch my heart in such manner, as it seems ready to burst in my brest, as doublesly I fear me that in time it will, if wee cannot set a remedie to it: For such is the immodesty of Leonela, as shee shuts up a Lover of hers every night in this house and remains with him untill day-light, which so much concernes my credit, as it leaves open a spacious field to him that sees the other goe out of my house at so unseasonable times, to judge of me what hee pleaseth; and that which most grieves me is, that I dare not punish or rebuke her for it: For shee being privie to our proceedings, sets a bridle on me, and constrains me to conceale hers; and hence I fear will bad suc cesse befall us. Lothario at the first suspected that Camila did speak thus, to make him believe that the man whom hee had espied was Leonelaes friend, and none of hers: but seeing her to weep indeed, and bee greatly afflicted in minde, hee began at last to give credit unto the truth, and believing it, was greatly confounded and grieved for that hee had done: And yet notwithstand hee answered Camila, that shee should not trou ble or vexe her self any more; for hee would take such order, as Leonelaes impudencies should bee easily crost and suppressed: And then did recount unto her all that hee had said to Anselmo, spur'd on by th • furious rage of jealous indignation, and how her Husband had agreed to hide himself behinde the Tapestry of the Wardrobe, that hee might from thence cleerly perceive the little Loyalty shee kept towards him, and demanded pardon of her for that folly and counsell to redresse it, and come safely out of the intricate Labyrinth whereinto his weake-eyed discourse had conducted him. Camila having heard Lothario's discourse, was afraid and amazed, and with great anger and many and discrect reasons, did rebuke him, reviling the basenesse of his thoughts, and the simple and little consideration that hee had. But as women have naturally a suddain with for good or bad, much more prompt then men; although when indeed they would make discourses, it proves defective: So Camila found in an instant a remedy for an affair in appearance so irremediable and helplesse; and therefore bade Lothario to induce his friend Anselmo to hide himself the next day ensuing, for shee hoped to take commodity out of his being there for them both to enjoy one another with more security then ever they had before: and without wholy manifesting her proverb to him, shee only advertised him to have care, that after Anselmo were hidden hee should presently come when Leonela called for him, and that hee should answer her as directly to every question she proposed, as if Anselmo were not in place. Lothario did urge her importunately to declare her designe unto him, to the end hee might with more security and advice obscure all that was necessarie. I say, quoth Camila, there is no other observance to bee had, then only to answer me directly to what I shall de mand: For shee would not give him account before-hand of her determination, fearfull that hee would not conform himself to her opinion which shee took to bee so good; or else lest hee would follow or seek any other, that would not prove after so well. Thus departed Lothario and Anselmo, under pretext that hee would visit his friend, out of Town departed, and returned convertly back again to hide himself, which hee could doe the more commodiously, because Camila and Leonela did purposely afford him oportunity. Anselmo having hidden himself with the grief that may bee imagined one would conceive, who did expect to see with his own eyes an Anatomie made of the bowels of his honour, and was in danger to lose the highest felicitie that hee accounted himself to possesse in his beloved Camila. Camila and Leonela being certain that hee was hidden within the Wardrobe, entred into it, wherein scarce had Camila set her foot, when breathing forth of a deep sigh, shee spoke in this manner. Ah friend Leonela! were it not better, that before I put in execution, that which I would not have thee to know, lest thou shouldest indeavour to hinder it, that thou takest Anselmo's Ponyard that I have sought of thee, and passe this infamous brest of mine thorow and thorow? but doe it not, for it is no reason that I should suffer for other mens faults: I will know first of all, what the bold and dishonest eyes of Lo thario noted in me, that should stir in him the presumption to discover unto me so un lawfull a desire as that which hee hath revealed, so much in contempt of his friend, and to my dishonour: Stand at that Window Leonela, and call him to me; for I doe infallibly believe, that hee stands in the street awaiting to effect his wicked pur pose: But first my cruell, yet honourable minde shall bee performed. Alas, dear Madame (quoth the wise and craftie Leonela ) what is it you mean to doe with that Ponyard? Meane you perhaps to deprive either your owne or Lotherioes life therewith all? for which soever of these things you doe, shall redound to the losse of your credit and fame. It is much better that you dissemble your wrong, and give no occasion to the bad man now to enter into this house, and finde us here in it alone: Consider good Madame, how wee are but weake women, and hee is a Man, and one resolute, and by reason that hee comes blinded by his bad and passionate intent, hee may peradventure before you bee able to put yours in execution, doe somwhat that would bee worse for you, then to deprive you of your life. Evill befall my master Anselmo, that ministers so great occasion to impudencie, thus to discover her visage in our house; and if you should kill him by chance Madam, as I suspect you meane to doe, what shall wee doe after with the dead carcasse? What said Camila? Wee would leave him here that An selmo might bury him. For hee must in all equity esteeme that labour for ease, which he shall passe, in the interring of his owne infamie. Make an end then and call him, for mee • thinkes that all the time which I spend untakeing due revenge of my just Disdaine, turnes into the prejudice of the Loyaltie which I owe unto my Spouse. Anselmo listened very attentively all the while, and at every word that Camila said, his thoughts changed. But when hee understood that shee was resolved to kill Lothario, hee was about to come out and discover himselfe, to the end that such a thing should not bee done; but the desire that hee had to see wherein so brave and honest a resoluti on would end, with-held him, determining then to sallie out, when his presence should bee needfull to hinder it. Camila about this time began to bee very weake and dismai'd, and casting her selfe, as if shee had faln into a trance upon a bed that was in the roome, Leonela began to lament very bitterly and to say, Alas, wretch that I am, how unfor tunate should I bee, if the flowre of the worlds honesty, the crown of good women, and the patterne of chastitie should die here betweene my hands? Those and such other things shee said so dolefully, as no one could heare her, that would not deeme her to bee one of the most esteemed and loyall Damzels of the world; and take her Ladie for another new and persecuted Penelope. Soone after Camila returned to her selfe, and said presently. Why goest thou not Leonela, to call the most disloyall friend of a friend that ever the Sun beheld, or the night concealed? Make an end, runne, make haste, and let not the fire of my choller bee through thy stay consumed and spent, nor the just revenge, which I hope to take, passe over in threats or maledictions. I goe to call him Madam, quoth Leonela, but first of all you must give mee that Ponyard, lest you should doe with it in mine absence somewhat, that would minister occasion to us your friends to deplore you all the daies of our lives. Goe away boldly, friend Leonela, said Ca mela, for I shall doe nothing in thine absence; for although I bee in thine opinion both simple and bold enough to turne for mine honour, yet meane I not to bee so much as the celebrated Lucretia, of whom it is recorded that shee slew her selfe, without having committed any errour or slaine him first who was the principall cause of her disgrace: I will die if I must needes die; but I will bee satisfied and revenged on him that hath given mee occasion to come into this place to lament his boldnesse, sprung without my default. Leonela could scarcely be intreated to goe and call Lothario, but at last she went out, and in the mean time Camila remained, speaking to her self these words: Good God, had not it been more discretion to have dissmised Lothario, as I did many time before, then thus to possesse him as I have done, with an opinion that I am an evill and disho nest woman, at least all the while that passeth, untill mine acts shal undeceive him, and teach him the contrary? It had been doubtlesly better: but then should not I be re venged, nor my husbands honour satisfied, if hee were permitted to beare away so cleer ly his malignitie, or escape out of the snare wherein his wicked thoughts involved him. Let the Traytor pay with his lifes defrayment, that which hee attempted with so lasci uious a desire. Let the world know (if it by chance shall come to know it) that Ca mila did not only conserve the loyaltie due to her Lord, but also tooke revenge of the intended spoyle thereof: But yet I beleeve that it were best to give Anselmo first notice thereof; but I did already touch it to him in the Letter which I wrote to him to the Village; and I believe his not concurring to take order in this so manifest an abuse pro ceeds of his too sincere and good meaning, which would not, nor cannot beleive that the like kinde of thought could ever finde entertainment in the brest of so firm a friend, tending so much to his dishonour: and what marvell if I my self could not credit it for a great many dayes together? nor would I ever have thought it if his insolencie had not arived to that passe which the manifest Gifts, large Promises, and continuall tears hee shed doe give testimony. But why doe I make now these discourses? Hath a gal lant resolution perhaps any need of advice? No verily; therefore avaunt treacherous thoughts, here wee must use revenge: Let the false man come in; arive; die and end, and let after befall what can befall. I entered pure and untouched to his possession whom Heaven bestowd on me for mine, and I will depart from him purely: And if the worst befall, I shall only be defiled by mine own chaste blood, and the impure gore of the falsest friend that ever amitie saw in this World. And saying of this, shee pranced up and down the Room with the Ponyard naked in her hand, with such long and un measurable strides, and making withall such gestures, as shee rather seemed defective of wit, and a desperate Russian then a delicate woman. All this Anselmo perceived very well from behinde the Arras that covered him, which did not a little admire him; and hee thought that what he had seen and heard was a sufficient satisfaction of farre greater suspicions then he had, and could have wished with all his heart that the triall of Lothario's comming might bee excused, fearing greatly some suddain bad successe: and as hee was ready to manifest himself, and to come out and imbrace and disswade his wife, hee withdrew himself, be cause hee saw Leonela return, bringing Lothario in by the hand: And as soon as Camila beheld him, shee drew a great stroke with the poynt of the Ponyard athwart the Ward robe, saying; Lothario, note well what I mean to say unto thee; for if by chance thou beest so hardy as to passe over this line which thou seest, e're I come as farre as it, I will in the very same instant stab my self into the heart with this Ponyard which I hold in my hand: and before thou doest speak or answer me any word, I would first have thee to listen to a few of mine; for after thou mayest say what thou pleasest. First of all I would have thee, O Lothario! to say whether thou knowest my Hus band Anselmo, and what opinion thou hast of him? And next I would have thee to tell me if thou knowest my self? answer to this without delay, nor doe not stand long thinking on what thou art to answer, seeing they are no deep questions which I pro pose unto thee. Lothario was not so ignorant, but that from the very beginning when Camila requested him to perswade her Husband to hide himself behinde the Tapistrey, hee had not fallen on the drift of her invention; and therefore did answer her inten tion so aptly and discreetly as they made that untruth passe between them for a more then manifest verity: and so hee answered to Camila in this forme. I did never con jecture, Beautifull Camila, that thou wouldest have called me here to demand of me things so wide from the purpose for which I come: if thou doest it to defer yet the promised favour, thou mightest have entertained it yet farther off, for the good de sired afflicteth so much the more, by how much the hope to possesse it is neer. But be cause thou mayest not accuse me for not answering to thy demands, I say that I know thy Husband Anselmo, and both of us know one another even from our tender in fancie, and I will not omit to say that which thou also knowest of our amity, to make me thereby a witnesse against my self of the wrong which Love compells me to doe unto him, yet Love is a sufficient excuse and excuse of greater errous then are mine. Thee doe I likewise know and hold in the same possession that hee doth; for were it not so, I should never have been won by lesse perfections then thine, to transgresse so much that which I owe to my self and to the holy Laws of true Amity, now broken and violated by the tyrannie of so powerfull an Adversary as Love hath proved. If thou doest acknowledge that, replyed Camila, O mortall enemie of all that which justly deserveth Love! with what face darest thou then appear before that which thou know est to bee the Mirrour wherein hee looks, in whom thou also oughtest to behold thy selfe, to the end thou mightest perceive upon how little occasion thou dost wrong him? But unfortunate that I am, I fall now in the reason which hath moved thee to make so little account of thine owne duty, which was perhaps some negligent or light behavi our of mine, which I will not call dishonesty, seeing that as I presume, it hath not pro ceeded from mee deliberately, but rather through the carelessnesse that women which thinke they are not noted, doe sometimes unwittingly commit. If not, say Traytor, when did I ever answere thy Prayers with any world or token that might awake in thee the least shadow of hope to accomplish thine infamous desires? When were not thine a morous intreaties reprehended and dispersed by the roughnesse and rigour of mine an sweres? When were thy many promises and lager gifts ever beleeved or admitted? But for as much as I am perswaded that no man can persevere long time in the amorous contention, who hath not beene susteined by some hope, I will attribute the fault of thine impertinence to my selfe; for doubtlesly some carelesnesse of mine hath hitherto susteined thy care, and therefore I will chastise and give to my selfe the punishment which thy fault deserveth. And because thou mightest see that I being so inhumane to wards my selfe, could not possibly bee other then cruell to thee, I thought fit to call thee to bee a witnesse of the Sacrifice which I meane to make to the offended honour of my most honourable husband, tainted by thee, with the blackest note that thy malice could devise, and by me, through the negligence that I used, to shun the occasion, if I gave thee any, thus to nourish and canonize thy wicked intentions. I say againe, that the suspicion I have, that my little regard hath ingendred in thee these distracted thoughts, is that which afflicteth mee most, and that which I meane to chastise most with mine owne hands; for if another executioner punished mee, then should my crime become more notorious. but before I doe this, I dying, will kill, and carie him away with mee, that shall end and satisfie the greedie desire of revenge which I hope for, and I have; seeing before mine eyes wheresoever I shall goe, the punishment which disingaged justice shall inflict, it still remayning unbowed or suborned by him, which hath brought me to so desperate termes. And having said these words, shee flew upon Lothario with incredible force and lightnesse, and her Ponyard naked, giving such arguments and tokens that shee meant to stab him, as hee himselfe was in doubt whether her demonstrations were false or true; wherefore hee was driven to helpe himselfe by his wit and strength, for to hinder Cami la from striking of him, who did so lively act her strange guile and fiction, as to give it colour, shee would give it a blush of her owne blood: for perceiving, or else feighning that shee could not hurt Lothario, shee said, Seeing that adverse fortune will not satis fie throughly my just desires, yet at least it shall not bee potent wholly to crosse my de signes: and then striving to free the dagger hand, which Lothario held fast, shee snatch ed it away, and directing the point to some place of her body, which might hurt her, but not very grievously, shee stab'd her selfe, and hid it in her apparell neere unto the left shoulder, and fell forthwith to the ground, as if shee were in a trance, Lothario and Leonela stood amazed at the unexpected event, and still rested doubtfull of the truth of the matter, seeing Camila to lye on the ground bathed in her blood: Lotha rio ranne all wanne and pale, very hastily to her, to take out the Ponyard, and seeing how little blood followed, hee lost the feare that hee had conceived of her greater hurt, and began a new to admire the cunning wit and discretion of the beautifull Camila; but yet that hee might play the part of a friend, hee began a long and dolefull lamenta tion over Camila's body, even as she were dead, and began to breathe forth many cur ses and execrations not onely against himself, but also against him that had imployed him in that unfortunate affaire. And knowing that his friend Anselmo did listen unto him, he said such things as would move a man to take more compassion of him then of Camila her selfe, although they accounted her dead. Leonela tooke her up betweene her armes, and laid her on the Bed, and intreated Lothario to goe out, and finde some one that would undertake to cure her secretly. Shee also demanded of him his advice, touching the excuse they might make to Anselmo concerning her Mistresse her wound, if hee came to towne before it were fully cured. Hee answered, that they might say what they pleased, for hee was not in an humour of giving any counsell worth the following; and only said this, that shee should labour to stanch her Ladies blood; for he meant to goe there whence they should hear no news of him ever after: And so departed out of the house with very great tokens of grief and feeling; and when hee was alone in place where no body perceived him, hee blest him self a thousand times to think of Camilaes art, and the gestures so proper and accom modated to the purpose, used by her Maid Leonela. Hee considered how assured An selmo would remain that hee had a second Portia to wife, and desired to meet him, that they might celebrate together the fiction, and the best dissembled truth that could bee ever imagined. Leonela, as is said, stanched her Ladies blood, which was just as much as might serve to colour her invention and no more; and washing the would with some Wine, shee tyed it up the best that shee could, saying such words whilest shee cured her as were able, though nothing had been done before, to make Anselmo be lieve that hee had an Image of honestly in Camila to the plants of Leonela: Camila added others, terming her self a Coward of base Spirit since shee wanted time (being a thing so necessary) to deprive her life which shee hated so mortally; shee demanded counsell of her Maiden, whether shee would tell or conceal all that successe to her be loved Spouse: And shee answered, That it was best to conceal it, lest shee should in gage her Husband to bee revenged on Lothario, which would not bee done without his very great perill, and that every good Wife was bound, not to give occasion to her Husband of quarrelling, but rather to remove from him as many as was possible. Camila answered, That shee allowed of her opinion, and would follow it; and that in any sort they must studie some device to cloak the occasion of her hurt from An selmo, who could not chuse but espye it. To this Leonela answered, That shee her self knew not how to lye, no, not in very jest it self. Well friend, quoth Camila, and I, what doe I know? for I dare not to forge or report an untruth if my life lay on it: And if wee know not how to give it a better issue, it will bee better to report the naked truth then to bee overtaken in a leasing. Doe not trouble your self Madame, quoth Leonela; for I will bethink my self of somewhat between this and to morrow morn ing, and perhaps the wound may be concealed from him • by reason that it is in the place where it is; and Heaven perhaps may bee pleased to favour our so just and honourable thoughts. Bee quiet, good Madam, and labour to appease your alteration of minde, that my Lord at his return may not finde you perplexed; and leave all the rest to Gods and my charge, who doth allwaies assist the just. With highest attention stood Anselmo listening and beholding the Tragedy of his dying honours, which the personages thereof had acted with so strange and forceable effects, as it verily seemed that they were transformed into the opposite truth of their well contrived fiction: Hee longed greatly for the night and leisure to get out of his house, that hee might goe and congratulate with his good friend Lothario, for the pre cious Jewell that hee had found in this last tryall of his Wife. The Mistrisse and Maiden had as great care to give him the oportunity to depart; and hee fearing to lose it, issued out in a trice, and went presently to finde Lothario, who being found, it is not possible to recount the imbracements hee gave unto him, the secrets of his contentment that hee revealed, or the attributes and praises that hee gave to Camila. All which Lothario heard, without giving the least argument of Love; having represented to his minde at that very time, how greatly deceived his friend lived, and how injustly hee himself injuried him. And although that Anselmo noted that Lothario took no delight at his relation, yet did hee believe that the cause of his sorrow proceeded from having left Camila wounded, and hee himself given the occasion thereof: And therefore among many other words, said unto him, That there was no occasion to grieve at Ca milaes hurt, it doubtlesly being but light, seeing shee and her Maid had agreed to hide it from him; and that according unto this there was no great cause of fear, but that from thence forward hee should live merrily and contentedly with him, seeing that by his industry and means, hee found himself raised to the highest felicitie that might bee desired; and therefore would from thenceforth spend his idle times in writing of Verses in Camila's praise, that hee might eternize her name, and make it famous in insuing ages. Lothario commended his resolution therein, and said that hee for his part would also help to raise up so noble an edefice; and herewithall Anselmo rested the most soothingly and contentedly deceived that could be found in the World: And then himself took by the hand to his house (believing that hee bore the instrument of his glory) the utter perdition of his fame. Camila entertained him with a frowning countenance, but a cheerfull minde: the fraud rested unknown a while, untill at the end of certain moneths, Fortune turned the wheel, and the wickednesse that was so ar tificially cloaked, issued to the publique notice of the World; and Anselmo his imper tinent-curiosity cost him his life.