CHAP. XVII. Wherein are prosecuted the wonderfull Adventures of the Inne. S O many were the out-cries which Don-Quixote made, as the Inn-keeper opened the door very hastily and affrighted, to see who it was that so roared; and those that stood without did also the same: Maritornes whom the cries had also awaked, imagining straight what it might bee, went into the Barne, and unperceived of any, loosed the halter that susteined Don-Quixote, and forth with hee fell to the ground in the presence of the Inn-keeper and the Travellers, who comming towards him, demanded the occassion why hee did so unmeasurably roar? Hee, without making any answer, took off the halter from his wrist, and getting up, hee leaped upon Rozinante, imbraced his Target, set his Launce into the Rest, and wheeling about a good part of the Field, re turned with a half gallop, saying, Whosoever shall dare to affirm that I have not been with just title inchanted, if my Lady the Princesse Micomicona will give mee leave to doe it, I say that hee lies, and I doe presently challenge him to Combat. The new Travellers were amazed at Don-Quixotes words; but the Host removed that won der by informing them what hee was, and that they should make no account of his words, for the man was bereft of his wits. Then they demanded of the Inn-keeper, if there had arived to his Inne a young Stripling of some fifteen yeers old or there abouts apparelled like a Horse-Boy, and having such and such marks and tokens; and then gave the very signes of Donna Clara's Lover. The Host made answer, That there were so many People in his Inn, as hee had taken no notice of him for whom they de manded: But one of them having seen the Coach wherein the Judge came, said, Questionlesly hee must bee here; for this is the Coach that they say he hath followed: let therefore one of us remain at the door, and the rest enter to seek him out: Yea, and it will not bee from the purpose, if one of us ride about without the Inn, lest hee should make an escape from us by the walls of the ya • d. We will doe so, said another of them; And thus two of them entred into the house, one staid at the door, and the other did compasse the Inne about. The Inn-keeper beheld all, but could never judge a right the reason why they used all this diligence, although hee easily believed that they sought for the Youth whose markes they had told unto him. By this the day was grown clear, and as well by reason thereof, as through the out cries of Don-Quixote, all the Strangers were awake and did get up, especially both the Ladies, Clara and Dorotea: for the one through fear to have her Lover so neer, & the other with desire to see him, could sleep but very little all that night. Don-Quixote perceiving that none of the four Travellers made any account of him, or answered his challenge, was ready to burst with wrath and despight: and if hee could any wise have found that it was tollerated by the Statutes of Chiva • ry, that a Knight Errant might have lawfully undertaken any enterprize, having plight his word and faith, not to at tempt any untill hee had finished that which hee had first promised, hee would have assailed them all and made them ma • gre their teeth to have answered him: But be cause it seemed to him not so expedient nor honourable, to began any new Adventure untill hee had installed Micomicona in her Kingdome, hee was forced to bee quiet, expecting to see whereunto the indeavours and diligence of those four Travellers tended: the one whereof found out the Youth, that hee searched, asleep by another Lacquie, little dreaming that any body did look for him; and much lesse, would finde him out thus. The man drew him by the arme, and said, Truely Don Lewis, the habit that you weare, answers very well your calling; and the Bed whereon you lie, the care and tendernesse wherewith your Mother did nurse you. The Youth hereat rub'd his drowsie eyes, and beheld very leisurely him that did hold him fast, and knew him forthwith to bee one of his Fathers Servants, whereat hee was so amazed as hee could not speake a word for a great while: And the Serving-man continuing his speech, said, Here is nothing else to bee done, Lord Lewis, but that you bee patient and de part again with us towards home, if you be not pleased to have your Father & my Lord depart out of this World to the other; for no lesse may bee expected from the Woe wherein hee rests for your absence. Why, how did my Father know, said Don Lewis, that I came this way, and in this habit? A Student answered, The other to whom you bewrayed your intention did discover it, moved through the compassion hee took to heare your Fathers lamentations when he found you missing: and so hee dispatcht four of his men in your search; and wee are all at your service more joyfull then may bee imagined, for the good dispatch wherewithall wee shall return, and carrie you to his sight which doth love you so much. That shall bee as I please or Heaven will dispose, said Don Lewis. What would you please, or what should Heaven dispose of, other then that you agree to return? For certainly you shall not doe the contrarie, nor is it possible you should. All these reasons that passed between them both, did the Lackey that lay by Don Lewis heare; and arising from thence, hee went and told all that passed to Don Fernando, Cardenio, and all the rest that were gotten up: To whom hee told how the man gave the title of Don to the boy, and recounted the speech he used, and how he would have him return to his fathers house, which the youth refused to doe. Whereupon, aud knowing already what a good voice the heavens had given him, they greatly desired to be more particularly informed what he was, and intended also to help him, if any violence were offered unto him, and therefore went unto the place where he was, and stood contending with his servant. Dorotea issued by this out of her chamber, and in her companie Donna Clara, all perp • xed; Dorotea calling Cardenio aside, told unto him succinctly all the History of the Musician, and Donna Clara: and he rehearsed to her againe all that passed of the Serving-mens arrivall that came in his pursuit, which he did not speak so low, but that Donna Clara over-heard him, whereat she indured such alteration, as she had faln to the ground, if Dorotea running towards her, had not held her up. Cardenio intreated Do rotea to returne with the other to her chamber, and he would endevour to bring the matter to some good passe, which they presently performed. The four that were come in Don Lewis his search, were by this all of them entred into the Inn, and had compassed him about, perswading him that he would, cutting off all delayes, returne to com fort his father. He answered that he could not doe it in any sort, untill he had finished an adventure, which imported him no lesse then his life, his honour, and his soule. The servants urged him then, saying, that they would in no sort goe backe without him, and therefore would carry him home, whether he would or no. That shall not you doe, quoth Don Lewis, if it be not that you carry me home dead. And in this season all the other Gentlemen were come into the contention, but chiefly Cardenio, Don Fernando and his Comarada's, the Judge the Curate, and the Barber, and Don-Quixote; for now it seemed to him needlesse to guard the Castle any more. Cardenio, who knew already the History of the Youth, demanded of those that would carry him a way, what reason did move them to seeke to take that Lad away against his will? Wee are moved unto it, answered one of them, by this reason, that wee shall thereby save his fathers life, who for his absence is like to lose it. To this said Don Lewis, it is to no end to make relation of mine affaires here. I am free, and will returne if I please, and if not no one shall constrain mee to doe it perforce. Reason shall constrain you, good Sir, to doe it, quoth the man, and when that cannot prevaile with you, it shall with us, to put that in execution for which we be come and are bound to doe. Let us know this af faire from the begining, said the Judge to those men. Sir, quoth one of them, who knew him very well, as his Masters next neighbour: Master Justice, doth not your wor ship know this Gentleman who is your Neighbours sonne, and hath absented himselfe from his fathers house, in an habit so undecent and discrepant from his calling, as you may perceive? The Judge beheld him then somewhat more attentively, knew him, and imbracing of him said. What toyes are these Don Lewis, or what cause hath beene of efficacie sufficient to move you to come away in this manner and attyre, which an swers your calling so ill? The teares stuck then in the young Gentlemans eyes, and hee could not answere a word to the Judge, who bad the foure servingmen app • a • e themselves, for all things should bee done to their satisfaction, and then takeing Don Lewis apart, hee intreated him to tell him the occasion of that his de parture. And whilest hee made this and other demands to the Gentleman, they heard a great noyse at the In doore; the cause whereof was, that two Guests which had lien there that night, seeing all the People busied to learne the cause of the foure Horse-mens coming, had thought to have made an escape scot-free, without defraying their expences; but the In-keeper who attended his owne affaires with more diligence then other mens, did stay them at their going forth, and demanded his money, upbrayding their dishonest re solution with such words as moved them to returne him an answere with their fists, which they did so roundly, as the poore Oast was compelled to raise the crie and de mand succour. The Oastesse and her daughter could see no man so free from occupati on as Don-Quixote; to whom the daughter said, I request you Sir Knight, by the virtue that God hath given you, to succour my poore Father, whom two bad men are grind ing like corne. To this Don-Quixote answered very leisurely, and with great gravity; Beautifull Damzell, your Petition cannot prevaile at this time, for as much as I am hin dred from undertaking any other Adventure, untill I have finished one wherein my promise hath ingaged mee, and all that I can now doe in your service is, that which I shall say now unto you; Run unto your Father, and bid him continue and maintaine his conflict manfully, the best that hee may, untill I demand license of the Princesse Mi comicona, to help him out of his distresse; for if shee will give it unto mee, you may make full account that hee is delivered. Sinner that I am (quoth Maritornes, wh • was by and heard what hee said) before you shall bee able to obteyne that License, of which you speake, my Master will bee departed to the other World. Worke you so Lady, quoth Don-Quixote, that I may have the License; for so that I may have it, it will make no great matter, whether hee bee in the other world or no, for even from thence would I bring him back againe, in despight of the other World it selfe, if it durst contradict mee, or at least wise I will take such a revenge of those that doe send him to the other World, as you shall remaine more then meanely contented; and so without replying any more, hee went and fell on his knees before Dorotea, demanding of her in Knightly and Errant phrases, that shee would daigne to license him to goe and succour the Con stable of that Castle, who was then plunged in a deepe distresse. The Princesse did grant him leave very willingly, and hee presently, buckling on his Target, and laying hold on his Sword, ranne to the Inne doore, where yet the two Guests stood hand somly tuging the Innkeeper: But as soone as hee arived, hee stopt and stood still, al though Maritornes and the Oastesse demanded of him twice or thrice the cause of his restiffenesse: in not assisting her Lord and Husband. I stay quoth Don-Quixote, be cause according to the Lawes of Armes, it is not permitted to mee to lay hand to my Sword against Squire-like men that are not dubbed Knights: But call to mee here my Squire Sancho, for this defence and revenge concernes him as his duty. This passed at the Inne doore, where fists und blowes were interchangeably given, and taken in the best sort, although to the Innkeepers cost, and to the rage and griefe of Maritornes, the Oastesse, and her daughter, who were like to runne wood, beholding Don-Quixotes cowardise, and the mischiefe their Master, Husband and Father endured, But here let us leave them; for there shall not want one to succour him, or if not, let him suffer, and all those that wittingly undertake things beyond their power and force; and let us turne backward to heare that which Don Lewis answered the Judge, whom wee left somewhat apart with him, demanding the cause of his comming a foote, and in so base aray; to which the Youth, wringing him hard • by the hands, as an Argument that some extraordinary griefe pinched his heart, and sheding many teares, answered in this manner. I know not what else I may tell you, deere Sir, but that from the instant that hea ven made us Neighbours, and that I saw Donna Clara, your Daughter and my Lady, I made her Commandresse of my Will; and if yours, my true Lord and Father, doe not hinder it, shee shall bee my Spouse this very day. For her sake have I abandoned my Fa thers house, and for her I did on this attyre, to follow her wheresoever shee went • as the Arrow doth the Marke, or the Mariner the North-starre: Shee is as yet, no far ther acquainted with my desires, then as much as shee might understand somtimes, by the teares which shee saw mine eyes distill a farre off: Now Sir, you know the Riches and Nobility of my discent, and how I am my Fathers sole Heire, and if it seeme unto you that these bee conditions whereupon you may venter to make mee throughly happy, accept of mee presently for your sonne in Law; for if my Father, borne away by other his Designes, shall not like so well of this good which I have sought out for my selfe, yet time hath more force to undoe and change the affaires, then mens Will. Here the a morous Gentleman held his peace, and the Judge remayned astonied as well at the grace and discretion wherewith Don Lewis had discovered his affections unto him, as al so to see himselfe in such a passe, that as hee knew not what course hee might best take in so suddaine and unexpected a matter; and therefore hee answered no other thing at that time, but only bad him to settle his minde, and entertayne the time with his Ser vants, and deale with them to expect that day, because hee might have leisure to con sider what might bee most convenient for all. Don Lewis did kisse his hands perforce, and did bathe them with tears, a thing able to move a heart of Marble, and much more the Judges, who (as a wise man) did presently perceive how beneficiall and honourable was that preferment for his Daughter; although hee could have wished, if it had been possible, to effect it with the consent of Don Lewis his Father, who hee knew did pur pose to have his Sonne made a Noble man of Title. By this time the Inn-keeper and his Ghests had agreed, having paid him all that they ought, more by Don-Quixotes perswasion and good reasons, then by any mena ces: And Don Lewis his Servants expected the end of the Judge his discourse and his resolution: When the Devill (who never sleeps) would have it, at that very time entred into the Inne the Barber from whom Don-Quixote took away the Helmet of Mambrino, and Sancho Panca the furniture of the Asse, whereof hee made an ex change for his own: which Barber, leading his Beast to the Stable, saw Sancho Panca, who was mending some part of the Pannell; and as soon as hee had eyed him, he knew him, and presently set upon Sancho, saying. A Sir Thief, have I found you here with all the Furniture whereof you rob'd me? Sancho that saw himself thus assaulted unex pectedly, and had heard the disgracefull termes which the other used, laying fast hold on the Pannell with the one hand, gave the Barber such a buffet with the other, as hee bathed all his teeth in blood: but yet for all that the Barber held fast his gripe of the Pannell, and therewithall cryed out so loud, as all those that were in the house came to the noyse and conflict: and hee said, I call for the King and Justice; for this Thief and Robber by the High-wayes goeth about to kill me, because I seek to recover mine own goods. Thou lyest, quoth Sancho, for I am not a Robber by the High waies; for my Lord Don-Quixote wonne those spoyles in a good Warre. By this time Don-Quixote himsel was come thither, not a little proud to see how well his Squire de fended himself, and offended his Adversarie; and therefore hee accounted him from thenceforth to bee a man of valour, and purposed in his minde to dub him Knight on the first occasion that should bee offered, because he thought that the Order of Knight hood would bee well imployed by him. Among oeher things that the Barber said in the discourse of his contention, this was one: Sirs, this Pannell is as certainly mine, as the death which I owe unto God, and I know it as well as if I had bred it, and there is my Asse in the Stable who will not per mit me to tell a lye; or otherwise doe but trye the Pannell on him, and if it fit him not justly I am content to remain infamous: And I can say more, that the very day wherein they took my Pannell from me, they robbed me likewise of a new brazen Bason which was never used, and cost me a crown. Here Don-Quixote could no lon ger contain himself from speaking; and so thrusting himself between them two, and putting them asunder, and causing the Pannell to bee laid publiquely on the ground until the truth were decided, he said; To the end that you may perceive the cleer and ma nifest error wherein this good Squire lives; see how hee calls that a Bason which 〈◊〉 was, and shall bee the Helmet of Mambrino, which I took away perfor • e from him in fair War, and made my self Lord thereof in a Lawfull and Warlike manner: About the Pannell I will not contend; for that which I can say therein is, that my Squire Sancho demanded leave of me to take away the Furniture of this vanquished Cowards Horse that hee might adorn his own withall: I gave him author tie to doe it, and hee took them: And for his converting thereof from a Horses Furniture into a Pannell, I can give none other reason then the ordinarie one, to wi • that such trans formations are usually seen in the successes of Chivalrie; for confirmation whereof friend Sancho runne speedily and bring me out the Helmet which this good man a voucheth to bee a Bason. By my faith Sir, quoth Sancho, if wee have no better proof of our intention then that which you say, I say that the Helmet of Mambrino is as arrant a Bason, as this good mans Furniture is a Pannell. Doe what I command, said Don-Quixote: I cannot believe that all the things in this Castle will bee guided by inchantment. Sancho went for the Bason, and brought it: and as soon as Don-Quixote saw it, hee took it in his hands and said, See Sirs, with what face can this im pudent Squire affirm that this is a Bason, and not the Helmet that I have mentioned? and I swear to you all by the Order of Knight-hood which I professe, that this is the very same Helmet which I wonne from him, without having added or taken any thing from it. That it is questionlesse, quoth Sancho; for since the time that my Lord wonne it untill now, hee never fought but one Battell with it, when hee delivered the un luckie chained men; and, but for this Bason-Helmet, hee had not escaped so free as hee did, so thick a showre of stones rained all the time of that conflict.