title: Translation of One of the Choruses in the Prometheus of Aeschylus
author: Clement Clarke Moore
date: pub. 1844
source: Poems (New York: Bartlett & Welford, 1844), pp. 111-113; scan https://archive.org/details/poemsmoor00moorrich (leaves n126 ff.)
form: iambic tetrameter couplets
lines: 34
attribution: certain
notes: Translation (Prometheus Bound, chorus of Oceanids). Footnote on the title (p. 111): '* Prometheus is represented as chained to a rock by the command of Jupiter, for having conveyed fire from Heaven, and having taught the use of it to men; for having also instructed them in many useful arts, of which it had been decreed that they should remain ignorant. The chorus is composed of Sea-Nymphs, by whom the address is made.' Being a translation, use with caution. Heading as printed: 'TRANSLATION / OF ONE OF THE CHORUSES IN THE PROMETHEUS OF AESCHYLUS.'. Editorial: FOOTNOTE p111 (marker on the title): * Prometheus is represented as chained to a rock by the command of Jupiter, for having conveyed fire from Heaven, and having taught the use of it to men; for having also instructed them in many useful arts, of which it had been decreed that they should remain ignorant. The chorus is composed of Sea-Nymphs, by whom the address is made.

Oh, may no thought of mine e'er move
The vengeance of almighty Jove!
Ne'er shall my incense cease to rise,
Due to the Powers who rule the skies,
From all the watery domains
O'er which my Father Ocean reigns.
And till his towering billows cease
To roll, lull'd in eternal peace,
Ne'er shall an impious word of mine
Irreverence mark to power divine.

Lightly flew my former days,
With not a cloud to dim the rays
Of hope, which promis'd peace to send.
And golden pleasures without end.
But what a blast now mars my bliss,
Prometheus, at a scene like this.
While thus thy tortures I behold,
I shudder at the thoughts so bold
Which could impel thee to withstand,
For mortal man, Jove's dread command.

Where's now the aid from mortals due
For all thy deeds of love so true?
Alas! their shadowy strength is vain
As dreams which haunt the feverish brain.
How then can fleeting shades like these
Oppose the mighty Thunderer's decrees?

Such thoughts will rise, such strains will flow,
Prometheus, at thy bitter woe.

How different were the strains we sang
When round thy bridal chamber rang
The voices of the choral throng
Who pour'd the hymeneal song
To thee, and to thy joy, thy pride,
Hesione thy blooming bride!
