title: Moslem Worship (part 1 of 3)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 146
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

This is a very pleasant sight, —
The Moslems thronging to the square
That lies before their house of prayer!
Through narrow streets, that lead away,
Some to the plain, some to the bay,
And others towards the castled height
Where frowning walls and portals rent,
Turret and towering battlement,
Tell of Venetian power, — the work
Is now neglected by the Turk,
And flocks of quiet sheep are fed
Within the walls where hosts have bled;
And fig-trees strike their roots between
The stones that arched the magazine. —
Through all these narrow streets, the throng,
Long-robed and turbaned, move along,
And, gathering round a marble fountain
Whose columns, slight and writhed, and old,
A Saracenic roof uphold,

Airy and decked with paint and gold,
They bathe, in water from the mountain,
That, on all sides, from many a spout
Upon the pavement gushes out,
Their feet and arms, their beards and brows;
Then, to the Mosque these men of prayer, -
There are no women with them there, —
Proceed, to offer up their vows.
Within the porch, without the door
That opens to the " Mercy-seat,"
As if the words were whispered round,
" Put off thy shoes from off thy feet,
Thou standest upon holy ground! "
They leave their slippers on the floor,
And enter. — There, beneath a dome
Less lofty than is that at Rome,
Which, o'er a host of saints in stone,
And virgins in mosaic, swells
To cover one who, on a throne,
Round which are clouds of incense curled,
And organs pealed, and trumpets blown,
And tides of vocal music poured,
Sits, to adore, or be adored
By more than half the Christian world,
— And " plenary indulgence " sells, —
Less lofty than is that, St. Peter,
Lifted, they say, above thy bones,
Certainly o'er thy form in bronze,
That near the Baldacchino stands, —
Where, having wiped and kissed its toes,
(Jove's, whilom, as the story goes,*)
I 've seen men kneel, and clasp their hands,
And lift their eyes, with all the air
Of men engaged in fervent prayer: —
I say not that, while kneeling thus,
Howe'er it may appear to us,
They 're worshipping, — that, till they get up,
That molten image they adore,
"Some christened Jove St. Peter's keys adorn." — Pope.
For myself, notwithstanding the authority of this line of Pope,
himself a Catholic, and in opposition to the popular opinion in
Protestant countries, I do not believe that the statue in ques-
tion is the same that once stood, as Jove, under the dome of
the Pantheon. The right hand which, as Jove's, must have grasped a thunderbolt, cannot be the same that is now raised,
with its finger set in the attitude of episcopal, archiepiscopal,
or papal benediction; (my readers will, I hope, excuse my lack
of exact knowledge, whether it be episcopal, archiepiscopal, or
papal;) and the left hand, as well as the keys that it holds, is
equally out of the question: — for what had Jove to do with keys, for letting people into Heaven, or keeping them out?
But it is asked, Though the hands and arms are spurious,
may not the rest of the statue be a genuine Jove? I answer,
I examined as closely as I could, " with all my eyes," and by
the ring of the metal. I could detect no other junction of the
parts than that which must have been made by the founder.
I am, therefore, satisfied that this u molten image " never had
any thing to do with Jove; except, as may have been the case,
an old Jove was melted down and recast. But I do not see that this should operate to the prejudice of St. Peter. I think
the whole a piece of Protestant scandal.

Which o'er St. Peter's bones of yore
The piety of popes hath set up: —
Deeming it on this subject meeter,
Since we 're not under his dominion,
To let each form his own opinion.
There, as I said, beneath a dome
Less lofty than is that at Rome,
But fitter for a worship true,
Since underneath its ample swell
" No God but God " appears to dwell: —
No " graven image " of a saint,
No martyr in his grated cell,
Tortured by grinning imps of hell;
No demigod in stone or paint;
No virgin with her eyes of blue,
And circlet o'er her auburn hair,
Holding her baby in a chair;
No prophet in a lion's den;
No loose-haired, prostrate Magdalen,
With book and death's-head lying by her,
To tell how quenched is all the fire
That raged, like hell's own flames, within her,
While yet she walked the streets "a sinner";-
No angels, soaring towards the dim
And distant heavens; — no cherubim
With chubby cheeks and little wings,
That smile as St. Cecilia sings;
No gilded pannel lifting high
This picture to Devotion's eye, —
Two young men, standing in a stream
(Doubtless the Jordan's sacred bed),
Of whom the junior seems to bow,
Towards the clear wave, his thoughtful brow,
From which a light appears to beam;
While, with a reverent air, the other, —
You 'd take him for an elder brother, —
Clasped " with a leathern girdle " stoops,
And, with a shell, the water scoops,
And pours it on his kinsman's head; —
And, o'er them both, a downward dove,
Emblem of innocence and love,
On silver wings is seen to hover
In a strong gush of light, that breaks
Forth from the mouth of one above her,
Robed in a mantle of sky blue,
Whose hoary locks, and beard down flowing,
Look like a fall of feathery flakes,
When, for the last time, it is snowing,
As spring is coming on anew,
And scarce a breath of wind is blowing.
There worship they: — that total dearth
Of likenesses of things that breathe
In heaven above, or earth beneath,
Or waters underneath the earth,
Is witness for them, that they find
A Spirit in those walls enshrined.
As, underneath the dome of blue
That holds the stars, but drops the dew,

And as, within the horizon's rim,
We see God, and no God but him,
So is it in the temple, where
These Moslems bow themselves in prayer.
But, lo! by mounted horsemen led,
The soldiery comes! rank following rank,
Dressed in the fashion of the Frank,
Except that, on their shaven head,
With tassel blue, the cap of red
(Called, in these climes, the Grecian fez,)
Shows that, in this part of the globe,
