title: Moslem Worship (part 2 of 3)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 138
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

Fashion, who has, for ages, kept her
Turban untouched, and fur- fringed robe,
Must vail hers to a stronger sceptre;
For that, howe'er she may protest,
The court and army shall be dressed
Exactly as the Sultan says.
But not to worship moves this band,
As in my own, a Christian land,
The current towards the temple sets: —
There, clattering scabbards charged with steel,
Helmets and plumes and spur-armed heel,
Muskets with bristling bayonets,
Gleam in the ranks of those who call
The Prince of life and peace their Lord,
Who taught that they who take the sword
For slaughter, by the sword shall fall.
Yes; they, whose only hope to inherit
A crown of glory lies in this,
That, having caught his peaceful spirit,
They 're fitted to partake his bliss,
When to their "chief" a guard they prove,
And, marshalled, to the temple move,
To worship Him whose name is Love,
And to his praise to chant again
The hymn that, at their Saviour's birth,
Was sung by angels, — " Peace on earth!
Glory to God! Good will to men! " —
Move in the spirit of the camp,
To martial airs with martial tramp,
And even into the " presence " come
With bugle's blast and " tuck of drum."
See, now, in what a different manner
Come they before the King of kings,
Whom, as they mount their Arab steeds
For martial show, or martial deeds,
The Sultan's broad, bright scarlet banner
Waves over: — for, although the shade
Of that red banner, — like the sun
That burns above it, — falls upon
Faces that never blanched with fear,
And hands familiar with the spear
And scimetar's elastic blade, —
Warriors, like those, — (for in their sons
Mahomed's blood and Omar's runs,) —
Whose squadrons, by their Prophet led,
Looked at the Crescent o'er their head,
Gave and received the battle shock,
And onward, like a torrent, poured,

Carrying the Koran on the sword,
From Tigris's bank to Tarik's Rock, —
Yet, when these servants of a lord,
Whose faith was planted with the sword,
Move to the place where prayer is made,
They put their arms off, to a man, —
Pistols and sword and yataghan, —
And all the host, without parade,
Flows on, with movement calm and grave,
As does their own Cayster's wave.
Move on, young men! 't is not in vain
That ye before Jehovah bow;
I never more shall see your train
As I, with reverence, see it now;
But there is One who e'er will see,
And to your prayer his ear will bend; —
The One who has been good to me
Ye worship, and he is your Friend.
I would, indeed, that ye could hear
The Word our Holy Book enshrines;
I would, indeed, that ye could rear
The Cross where now the Crescent shines!
But, till ye can, I will not close
My eyes against the proofs I see
That, in your hearts, the feeling glows
Of reverence for the Deity.
For, as I climb the hill that swells
From this, your Smyrna's, blooming plain,
And listen to the camels' bells,
And see their slowly winding train,
There seems a spirit in the air,
Inviting me to thought and prayer.
I look down on the cypress groves
That darken o'er the crowded dead,
And muse on all the hopes and loves
Of those who there have made their bed,
And ask myself if all that host,
Whose turbaned marbles o'er them nod,*
Were doomed, when giving up the ghost,
To die as those who have no God!
No, no, my God! They worshipped Thee;
Then let not doubts my spirit darken,
That thou, who always nearest me,
To these, thy children too, didst hearken.
On Asia's ancient hills I tread;
There's something in the air that's holy.
Here have my brethren made their bed,
And soon my sleep will be as lowly.

But hark! what is that mellow call,
That comes as from the bending sky,
And o'er the listening city swells
Sweeter than all our Christian bells,
And seems upon the ear to fall
Like angel voices from on high?
'T is the Muezzin's monotone,
That, ere the stooping sun has set,
Is heard from yon tall minaret
Breaking out, solemn and alone,
And dying on the quiet air, —
" Lo, God is great! To prayer! To prayer! "
Is it thus holy, all around,
Because the hill I stand upon,
One of our earliest churches crowned, —
The church of the Apostle John?
O no! Where'er the people pray,
Bowing upon their hills around,
To Him who clothes those hills with day,
There, there, for me, is holy ground!
Let me recall, — it is the last, —
This grateful vision of the past.
The Euxine's breath was fresh and cool,
As down the Bosphorus it flowed;
I was returning to Stamboul,
From our Charge's retired abode. —
The golden sun was not yet down,
But in the west was hanging low,
And gilding with a richer glow
The Crescents of the distant town.

MOSLEM worship. 59
Far, far without its triple wall,
O'er which the mantling ivies fall,
There stood forth a young Tactico *
Before his hut; and to the sky-
Now calmly raising his dark eye,
Now looking down, with both hands pressed
Across each other on his breast,
Now falling on his bended knees
Before Him who in secret sees,
Then bowing lowly towards the south,
With both hands covering his mouth
