title: To My Grave (part 2 of 2)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 66
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

To make me ruler over man)- things,
If, in a few, thou mayst have seen me faithful.
To be at one with thee is all I ask;
'T is all the heaven my spirit can enjoy;
'T is all I 've prayed for, or can ever pray; —
Let me, beneath the covert of thy wing,
Henceforth be shielded from the shafts, that pierced
My spirit while I served thee in the flesh, —
The arrows that were tipped with fire, and winged
By men who knew me not, and could not know.
c Father, forgive them! ' for they thought the world
Was made for Mammon's throne; and that the man
Who, at their call, stood up within thy courts
To speak of things belonging to their peace,
Must make the Gospel pliant to the form
Of 'the law merchant'; — that the Prophet's roll,
The Apostle's girdle, and the Saviour's vesture
Must all be shaped to fit their golden god,
Or else, as worthless shreds, be thrown aside.
Forgive them, Father, for they did not know c The glorious Gospel of the blessed God.'
Thou mad'st it mine to preach that Gospel to them.
Thou knowest whether faithfully I preached,
And whether faithfully they heard, or not.
Thou knowest all my weaknesses and theirs.
Judge thou between us; but, in judgment, Lord,
Remember mercy both to them and me! "
My grave, I 'm ready for thee. I would fain,
Were it my Father's will, put by the cup,
The bitter cup, of sharp or chronic pain,
Or wasting sickness, — for that bitter cup
The hand of God's most holy providence
Hath oft commended to my feverish lips;
And deep, already, have I drunk of it.
Fain would I, if I might, be spared the scene
Of wife and children round my dying bed,
Kneeling in prayer, or to my last poor words
Bending with tearful eyes. And I would fain
Banish the thought of shroud, of coffin-lid,
Of cold hands folded on my breast, and of the chill
That will strike through the frame of all who touch
My marble forehead. I would banish, too,
The thought, that I shall hear the funeral prayer,
And see the funeral train when my remains
Are hither borne. And I would gladly drive,
Far and for ever from my heart, the thought,
That, when the widow and the fatherless
Return to their lone dwelling, they '11 be left
To the world's charity, and all its trials, —
(Almighty God! they will be left to thee.)
But, when all this is over, and the dust
Hath with the dust commingled, as it was,
And when the spirit hath returned to Him
Who gave it, and who guarded it while here,
And entered there into its heavenly rest,
As it will enter; — and when on thy turf,
My grave, the sun shall pour his mellow light,
And the stars drop their dew, and the full moon
Look down serenely, and the summer birds

Shall sing among the branches that o'erhang
The stone that bears my name, to tell whose grave
Thou art; — O then I shall no longer feel,
As I now feel, tired, tired, and sick at heart,
And, by my very wTeariness, impelled
To look with longing toward thee, and to stand,
As now I do stand over thee, and say,
i;I 'm ready to lie down in thee, my grave! "
