title: A Sunday Night at Sea (part 3 of 4)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 113
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

Of severe Doric beauty, that prevails
In these grave works of hoar antiquity.
But to what god rose the Corinthian fane,
Or when, or by what architect, 't was reared,
How much below the time of Sisyphus,
Who laid the corner-stone of Corinth's state,
How much above the era of Timoleon,
Whom that proud state commissioned to dethrone
The tyrant Dionysius, and convey
A Grecian colony to Syracuse, —
'T is all unknown. The ruins there, and here,
Of the same genius speak, and the same age:
And in the same oblivion both have slept
For more than two millenniums. Roman bards *
Have of the rosaries of Psestum sung,
Twice blooming in a year. And he who first
Held in his hands the empire of the world, —
Augustus Caesar, — visited this spot,
As I do now, to muse among these columns,
Of times whose works remain, whose history's lost.
And yet the palace of that same Augustus,
Built, as you know, upon the Palatine,
With all that Rome could do to hold it up
Beneath the pressure of the hand of Time,
Is now all swept away, even to the floor.
This little piece of marble, jaune antique. —
Which now I use, to keep these Sibyl leaves

(As she of Cumse cared not to keep hers) *
From floating off, on every wind that blows,
Before the printer gives them leave to fly, —
Once formed a part of that same palace floor.
Among the weeds and bushes that o'erhang
The giant arches that the floor sustained,
I picked it up. Those arches, and the mass
Of bricks beneath them, and the floor above,
And bushes as aforesaid hanging o'er,
And, with their roots, helping the elements
To pry apart what Roman masons joined,
And fit the lower creature for the use
Of the superior, — converting thus
Things inorganic, mortar, bricks, and stones,
To soil, that it may feed organic life,
Grass, flowers, and trees, that they, in turn, may serve
As food for animals, and they for man,
According to the eternal laws of God, —
Are all, of Caesar's palace, that remains.
But of this solemn temple, not a shaft
Hath fallen, nor yet an architrave or frieze,
Triglyph or metope. Dissolution's work,
The work of frost and moisture, cold and heat,
Has not, on this old sanctuary, begun.
The suns and rains of ages seem not yet,
On any one of all these ponderous stones,
To have given root to the minutest plant.

Not even a lichen or a moss has dared
To fix itself and flourish on these dry
And everlasting blocks of travertine.
The sun has only touched them with a tinge
Of his own gold. And, as I sit between
These columns, and observe how gently fall
His beams upon them, and how soft and calm
The air is, as it sleeps upon their sides,
(Even now, though 't is a January day,)
How gingerly that quick-eyed lizard runs,
In the warm sunshine, up and down their grooves,
It seems as if the very heavens and earth,
With all the elements and creeping things,
Had formed a league to keep eternal silence
Within, above, and all around this pile,
To see how many ages more 't would stand.
Methinks, even now, as the soft wind flows through
These noble colonnades, as through the strings
Of an iEolian harp, I hear a low
And solemn voice, — it is the temple's voice, —
Though in what language it addresses me,
Greek, Latin, or Italian, it were hard
For Mezzofanti or the Polyglot,
Without a close attention, to decide;
For, since this temple pycnostyle hath stood,
It hath been exercised in many a tongue;
And to my ear it says, or seems to say:
" Stranger, I know as little of the world
From which thou com'st, as thou dost of the time

From which I came; 't is only yesterday
To me, that it was known there was a world
West of the promontories thou 'st heard called
The 'Pillars' of my old friend Hercules.
I was so young, when I was first set up,
That I 've forgotten who my builders were,
Or to what god my altars were devoted;
Else would I tell thee; for, I know the Muse
Would, through the lines which thou wilt write of me,
Preserve the knowledge to all future time!
But Hercules, — the friend of whom I 've spoken, —
I well remember, and for ever shall:
For, once he sat where thou art sitting now.
It was, I think, when he was on his way
From Thebes far westward, when he went to help
Atlas, his father-in-law, hold up the heavens.
I told him, then, that if he 'd bring them here,
And lay them on my shoulders, I 'd uphold
The whole of them to all eternity.
" Excuse what, to thy cold and western ear,
May savour, somewhat, of hyperbole!
But, friend, it is the privilege of age
To be laudator acti temporis.
And, long since then, I 've heard events, unmoved,
Which shook all Italy with their report,
And, ever since, have echoed round the globe.
For, I was quite in years, when Hannibal
Came down the Alps, and at the river Tic in,
Which, on thy journey homeward, thou shalt cross,
O'erthrew the Romans under Scipio:
