title: A Sunday Night at Sea (part 4 of 4)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 66
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

When, after that, by Thrasymene's lake, —
(Thou canst not have forgotten the nice fish
Thou at'st, one night, upon the same lake's shore,
Or how, like the good wife of Abraham,
Thy pretty hostess laughed, in unbelief,
When, in the papers of the Pope's police,
Thou didst report thyself c a clerkly man,'
Because thou worest not a monkish garb!) —
The Roman legions, that Flaminius led,
Were, by the Carthaginian, overthrown,
In such a desperate, all-engrossing shock,
That even an earthquake walked unnoticed by!
And when, still later, the same African
Sent forty thousand Romans to the shades,
And their gold rings, by bushels, o'er to Carthage,
From yonder field of Cannse; the small stream,
Bridged by the bodies of the Roman dead,
Is still called ' Sanguinetto,' — Bloody Brook;
(Thou hast one, I 've been told, in thine own land.)
When all these empire-shaking shocks were felt,
I heard them all, and heard them all unmoved.
" But later still, when, had the conqueror gone
With nothing but the panic of his name,
And said, in thunder, to the gates of Rome,
' Lift up your heads, Eternal City's gates,
And let the Conqueror of Rome come in! '
Those gates would have swung open, — O, when I
Then saw those Africans sink down and doze
On the soft bosom of Parthenope;
When they who scaled the Alps, and stemmed the Po,

(A very muddy river that, you '11 find,)
And stood against the arms of Rome's best men,
Within the arms of Capua's worst women
Fell, as fell Samson in Delilah's lap;
Then was I moved, indeed; yea, deeply moved,
At the same time with gladness and with grief,
For though for Rome I smiled, I wept for man!
u Stranger, beware! for still Parthenope,
From whose bewitching smile thou hast withdrawn,
To visit these drear solitudes, and muse
For a few hours among my colonnades,
Spreads all the snares that were by Capua spread,
The indolent and thoughtless to destroy.
But c sapienti verbum sat! ' Thou goest,
And I no more shall see thee; but I pray,
(I see thou takest pleasure in my stones!)
Spare me, as Time hath spared; though I am sure
I owe him little thanks; for I have felt
The hackings of his scythe, (now somewhat dulled,
Thou 'It guess, — thou sayest thou art from Yankee land,)
For some few thousand years; and I leave thee
To judge which hath the better of the game:
So, lift nor hand, nor hammer, I entreat,
To break a fragment, as ' a specimen '
Of the strange, hard, but spongy-looking stone
That the Silaro, (which from yonder hills
Thou seest flowing to Salerno's gulf,)
Turns all things into, that it falls upon:
I 've heard the same thing of Medusa's eyes!
O, treat me not as did the plundering Pict

My fair young sister, higbt ' the Parthenon,'
Whom thou shalt see, and seeing shalt deplore,
When thou shalt visit the Acropolis.
Yea, spare me, friend, and spare me, all ye gods,
From virtuosi, earthquakes, Elgins spare,
And let me have my tussle out with Tdie! "
