title: A Birthday Ix Scio (part 1 of 2)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 124
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

I landed there on the day of my birth, —
The day that the city was swept from the earth;
Though thirteen years had floated away
On the stream of time since that bloody day.
There had been a strong southeaster blowing,
The night before and afternoon;
And the clouds, as night came on, were throwing
So much of mystery round the moon,
That, — what above, and what below, —
Things looked so squally, all on board
Concurred in thinking Captain Ford
Spoke wisely, when he said, " No, no;
I shall put in, and try to keep
Where the ladies, who 're aboard, may sleep."
So I 'd slept on board, the night before,
In the snug little port; while, round the isle,
The breakers thundered on the shore,
Like a line of sea-dogs, chafed and hoar,
Bounding and barking for many a mile.

Yet, though, u outside," those dogs might prowl,
We lay where the wave was " calm as a clock ";
And, though afar off we could hear the dogs howl,
And sometimes their nearer and hoarser growl,
I could sleep, and I did sleep, u like a rock.""
But morning came! — an April morn;
And, though the winds were felt no more,
The waters still were landward borne,
And still the waves came combing o'er,
And fringed with foam the eastern shore;
And there rolled along so heavy a swell,
Between the Island and Tshesme,
That the captain thought he might as well
Not venture round Phanee Point, that day.
O, how I blessed the restless deep,
That it sunk not with the winds to sleep!
For it gave me a day on Scio's isle, —
A day that I shall not soon forget;
For the earth's sweet face, and the blue heaven's smile,
And the sea that glittered all round, the while,
As I then beheld them, haunt me yet.
Well, we 're ashore! Here hath Oppression's rod
Wrought its worst work, where the good hand of God
Seems to have wrought its fairest and its best.
That guardian mountain,* towering in the west, —
guess about 4000 feet high.
His fertile flanks, — the plains that stretch away,
East and southeast, — all basking in the ray
Of such a sun! How could there ever be
A lovelier island lifted from the sea!
Yet here hath Ruin driven her ploughshare deep!
Few here survive, the many slain to weep,
And few now wander, lonely, on this shore,
Their captive sons and daughters to deplore.*
These magazines, — once glutted with the stores
Of what the Euxine down the Bosphorus pours, —
Of Brusa's silks, — of stuffs from Angora's looms,
Of all the colors of the peacock's plumes, —
Of cotton goods from Europe's Island Queen, —
Of Samian wine, — of oil from Mitylene, —
Of corn, that from the coast of Barbary comes, —
Of dates from Egypt, and Arabian gums, —
All empty now, lie open to the sky:
Nothing to sell here, and no one to buy!
" Paithiske,f (damsel,) canst thou tell me where
The College stood? " She answers, with the air were butchered on the spot, or hung up on the yard-arras of the
Turkish fleet, either lying off the island, or when the fleet, on
its return, carae in sight of Constantinople; that 20,000 were
The rest sought shelter in the mountain fastnesses.

Of one who feels unequal to the task,
" Ohe," * (I cannot,) " but I '11 run and ask."
And back she comes with knowledge in her eye,
And leads me round, through places wet and dry, —
O'er heaps of brick, one clambers up with pain,
Round open cellars partly filled with rain, —
Until, at last, " Etho! " f ('T was here!) she cries;
And joy and wonder sparkle in her eyes,
As, with the true Greek appetite for gains,
She pockets a piastre for her pains.
And is this formless mass of prostrate walls
All that remains of Scio's college halls?
Those halls to which the children of the isles,
For Panayea'si and Minerva's smiles,
Thronged, till their spreading light, like kindling morn,
Flashed on the waters of the Golden Horn,
And broke the slumbers of Mahmoud's Divan?
Yes, this is all! and the wayfaring man
Who, after thirteen years, would see the spot,
Finds, it was never known, or is forgot;
walls, I would remark, that, wherever the Greek is a spoken language, the S is sounded precisely like th in this. As for
teachers, tutors, professors, &c, they will go on giving this let-
ter the force of the English d. The case with them, I fear, is
hopeless; for how much better is the eld way than the right way!
■ O/i, No; x like h in house. t 'Edco, Here.
+ Havayla, All Holy; pronounced Panayea. The modern
Greek appellation of the Virgin Mary.
While every peasant, who is not a fool.
Will lead me, if I wish, to Hosier's school.*
I mount a mule, and to the country ride.
High walls confine the road on either side;
Mile after mile presents the same sad scene,
Of princely seats, with orange groves between;
Mansions of merchant princes, that once vied
With those of Venice, both in grace and pride;
But now those mansions speak of Moslem ire.
Roofless and windowless, they show that fire
Here had its perfect work. The walls yet stand,
And seem to whisper, u Lend us, friend, a hand! "
Ay, had a Yankee, — had even I, — this " place,"
How soon I 'd make it wear another face!
New floored, new roofed, and thoroughly new glazed,
The battered court-yard gate and fences raised,
The garden dressed, all trimmed the mastic trees,
I, in my palace hall, might sit at ease,
And see a paradise around me bloom;
And, as the fragrant night-breeze filled my room,
Flowing through open casements; and the moon
Silvered the scene around me; or, at noon,
As in an hour like this, in blooming spring,
I heard my marble fountain murmuring,
And saw my noble orange groves unfold
Their snowy blossoms and their fruit of gold, —
Say, " For this palace must I thank thee, War! "
Well, — I may have it for the asking for!
the Sciotes.
