title: A Birthday Ix Scio (part 2 of 2)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 72
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

But, would I take it? When I turn my eye
Where yon Mount Opus swells into the sky,
Those cliffs that look down on the plains below,
Ring with the answer, — " Wouldst thou take it? — No!
For c come up hither! ' — we can tell
A tale to freeze a Western freeman's blood; —
When, from our height, we saw the swell,
And heard the rush, of war's infernal flood
Through all that city's bleeding lanes,
O'er all the villas of those blooming plains;
We opened, then, our dens and caves
To the poor peasants. Behold, here, their graves!
The fleet of fool to these, our caverns, sped;
To these our heights and cavern-depths, alike,
The hell-hounds followed where the blood-hounds led, —
The brutes to mangle, and the fiends to strike!
We trembled then, at the deep death-note
Pealed from the panting bull-dog's throat, —
The flash, — the echo and the smoke, —
The yell, — the stab, — the sabre stroke, —
The musket shot, — the frenzied shriek, —
The death-groan of the hunted Greek, —
Till our white feet with streams of gore were dyed,
And mangled limbs were strown on every side, —
With many a skull by Turkish sabre cleft;
Our vultures finished what their blood-hounds left!
The arm that, thirteen years ago,
Bathed, elbow-deep, in Sciote blood,
Still sways, o'er us and all below,
The iron sceptre of Mahmoud!

And would'st thou, stranger, — were all free, —
Take any villa thou canst see,
To dwell therein? Beware! Beware!
The sword hangs o'er thee by a hair!"
Fair Scio! as I pass along thy shore,
Through waters that the brave Kanaris bore,
Where, at one blow, thou wast avenged so well,
And where the Butcher of thy children fell;
Ere yet I lose thee in the deepening blue,
So lone, so lovely, art thou to my view, —
(For nothing lonelier lies beneath the sun,
And nothing lovelier doth he look upon!)
I pray thee, listen to a parting strain,
From one who ne'er shall look on thee again:
Farewell to thee, Scio! it is but a day
That I 've seen thee, and yet I shall love thee for ever.
Thy children are slain, and thy crown torn away,*
And thy jewels and gold shall return to thee never.
Thou sittest, no longer, a queen in thy bower,
But a widow, — of sons and of daughters bereft;
Yet despair not, thou desolate one! for thy dower,
Lovely Scio, — thy lands and thy beauty, — is left.

chief source of its wealth, has been almost entirely transferred
to the small Greek island, Sjra.

And though Syra, thy proud " little sister," awhile
Thy pearls round her bold little forehead * may twine,
Yet, envy her not, for she hath not a smile,
Nor hath she a face, or a bosom, like thine.
And, as soon as the sceptre of Islam is broken,
Or Mahmoud, the red-handed Padischa,f dead,
The word shalt thou hear, that thy Maker hath spoken;
" Thou shalt put on thy garments, and lift up thy head."
And vine-leaves and roses thy temples shall deck,
And some of thy children shall cling to thy breast,
While some pluck the clusters that hang round thy neck,
And — thy lap-full of oranges feed all the rest!
a hill, that swells up boldly from the water; and many of the
houses, as they rise ampitheatrically, make quite an imposing
appearance.
t "Padischa," Avglice " Man-killpr." one of the titles of the
present Soultan, and the one by which, it is said, he is particu-
larly pleased to be addressed.
