title: Hymns (part 1 of 2)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: ballad
lines: 89
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

"Break ye the bread, and pour the wine,
As ye have seen your Master do;
This body and this blood of mine
Is broken thus and shed for you."
Yes, mighty God! while life remains,
We will remember him who bled;
Whom Death, in his cold, palsying chains,
A captive and a victim led.
We will remember him, by whom
Those strong and icy chains were riven;
Who scattered round his opening tomb
Their broken links, — and rose to heaven.
And, while with gratitude we dwell
On all his tears of love and woe,
Let death's chili tide before us swell!
Let its still waters darkly flow!

We '11 give our bodies to the stream;
'T will bear us — (for the dead shall rise,
Or faith is vain, and hope a dream,) —
To happier shores and brighter skies.

" And when they had sung a hymn, they went out into the
Mount of Olives." — Matth. xxvi. 30.
The winds are hushed; — the peaceful moon
Looks down on Zion's hill;
The city sleeps; 't is night's calm noon;
And all the streets are still.
Save when, along the shaded walks,
We hear the watchman's call,
Or the guard's footstep, as he stalks
In moonlight on the wall.
How soft, how holy, is this light!
And hark! a mournful song,
As gentle as these dews of night,
Floats on the air along.
Affection's wish, devotion's prayer,
Are in that holy strain;
'T is resignation, — not despair;
'T is triumph, — though 't is pain.
'T is Jesus and his faithful few,
That pour that hymn of love;
O God! may we the song renew
Around thy board above.

" O my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me;
nevertheless, not as I will, but as thou wilt." — Matth. xxvi. 39.
"If it may be, O let this cup,
Pass by me," — prayed the Son;
"But, if I 'm doomed to drink it up,
Father! thy will be done."
He drank it. Bleeding on the tree,
He faintly cried, " I thirst."
Then rose his heart, O God, to thee,
In fervent prayer, — and burst.
That broken heart, that ebbing tide,
That spirit so resigned,
These emblems of the Crucified,
Have now recalled to mind.
For others as our Saviour bled,
So we, at duty's call,
For others in his steps should tread,
And sacrifice our all.

Shall we from scenes of trial shrink,
Now our Example lives?
Or shall we all with patience drink
The cup our Father gives?

O'er Kedron's stream, and Salem's height,
And Olivet's brown steep,
Rolls the majestic queen of night,
And showers from heaven her silver light,
And sees the world asleep.
All but the children of distress,
Of sorrow, grief, and care;
Whom sleep, though prayed for, will not bless;
These leave the couch of restlessness,
To breathe the cool, calm air.
For those who shun the glare of day,
There's a composing power,
That meets them on their lonely way,
In the still air, — the sober ray
Of this religious hour.
Twa religious hour; for he,
Who many a grief shall bear,
In his own body on the tree,
Is kneeling in Gethsemane,
In agony and prayer.
O, holy Father! when the light
Of earthly joy grows dim,
May hope in Christ grow strong and bright,
In all who celebrate this rite
In memory of him.
