title: Hymns (part 1 of 2)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 143
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

Written for ihe Ordination of Mr. William Ware, as Pastor of the First
Congregational Church in New York, December 18th, 1821.
0 Thou who art above all height!
Our God, our Father, and our Friend!
Beneath thy throne of love and light,
We, thine adoring children, bend.
We kneel in praise, — that here is set
A vine, that by thy culture grew;
We kneel in prayer, — that thou wouldst wet
Its opening leaves with heavenly dew.
Since thy young servant now hath given
Himself, his powers, his hopes, his youth,
To the great cause of truth and Heaven;
Be thou his guide, O God of truth!
Here may his doctrine drop like rain,
His speech like Hermon's dew distill,
Till green fields smile, and golden grain,
Eipe for the harvest, waits thy will.

And when he sinks in death, — by care,
Or pain, or toil, or years oppressed, —
O God! remember then our prayer,
And take his spirit to thy rest.

Written for the Ordination of Mr. John P. B. Storer, as Pastor of the Con-
gregational Church and Society in Walpole, November 15th, 1826.
To Thee, our Father and our King,
The wise, the gracious, and the just,
Our song of thanks and prayer we bring,
With humble joy and filial trust.
Joy, that while yet the light is shed
On the bowed form and hoary hairs
Of him who here, so long, hath led
Our fathers' and our childhood's prayers, —
Thou hast provided for thy flock
A pastor, in the strength of youth,
To lead them up to Thee, their Rock,
And to the living wells of truth.
And trust, that He, who ne'er hath left,
Will never leave his sheep to stray,
Of shepherd and of shade bereft,
O'er barren wastes, by night or day.
We thank Thee, Lord, in Christ thy Son,
For all his servants, spared or given;
O, may we, when our work is done,
Shine with their light, and share their heaven.

Written for the same occasion.
God of mercy, do thou never
From our offering turn away,
But command a blessing ever
On the memory of this day.
Light and peace do Thou ordain it;
O'er it be no shadow flung;
Let no deadly darkness stain it,
And no cloud be o'er it hung.*
May the song this people raises,
And its vows, to Thee addressed,
Mingle with the prayers and praises,
That Thou nearest from the blessed.
When the lips are cold, that sing Thee,
And the hearts that love Thee, dust,
Father, then our souls shall bring Thee
Holier love and firmer trust.

Written for the Ordination of Mr. Charles C. Bewail, as Pastor of the First
Unitarian Church and Society in Danvers, April 11th, 1827.
Eternal One, whom mortal eye
Hath never seen, and ne'er can see,*
Loud winds, and fires that flame on high,
Are spirits ministering to thee.t
Those angels of thy love and might,
How blest the office that they bear!
To shed on earth the holy light,
And fill with health the wakened air.
And yet, to man hast thou assigned
A nobler ministry than this; —
With grace and truth to cheer the mind, f
And wake the soul to health and bliss.
By him, who to this holy end
Is now ordained, — as by the Son,
Whom thou didst sanctify and send §
To save the world, — thy will be done.
Thy will be done, whene'er he leads
The service in these courts of thine;
Thy will be done, whene'er he pleads
For truth or charity divine.*
When at the couch by anguish pressed
He kneels, and speaks of pardon there,
Then may the contrite sufferer rest,
Soothed by his presence and his prayer.
When, like the moth, his house of clay f
Is crushed, O may the spirit, Lord,
That served thee in it, hear thee say,
" Rise from thy toils to thy reward."

Written for the Ordination of Mr. George W. Burnap, as Pastor of the First
Independent Church in Baltimore, April 23d, 1828.
0 God, we see thee smile again
In the sweet sunshine of the spring;
Thou comest in the gracious rain;
Thou ridest on the wind's soft wing.
Thou visitest the vales in floods,
That in their fulness roll along;
And, when thou breathest on the woods,
They wave in pomp, and wake with song.

And, Lord, are not thy goings thus
In this our sanctuary seen?
Comes not thy breath of life to us,
Our prospects clothing all in green?
Reviving hopes around us bud,
Hopes, that were rooted long ago,
But languished till thy grace, in flood,
Returned and bade them swell and blow.
What though for years thy feeble flock
By hands of strangers hath been fed? —
What though we 've long drawn near our Rock
Without a shepherd at our head?
We humbly hope, that not in vain
We Ve borne the trials of our trust;
And that thy truth will rise, like grain,
The stronger for its sleep in dust.
For days of care, and hope deferred,
O grant us years of large increase,
Till from above thy voice is heard;
" Ye faithful ones, depart in peace."

Written for the Installation of the Rev. Mellish Irving Motte, over the
South Congregational Society in Boston, May 21st, 1828.
u Let there be light!" — When from on high,
O God, that first commandment came,
Forth leaped the Sun; and earth and sky-
Lay in his light, and felt his flame.
" Let there be light! " — The light of grace
And truth, a darkling world to bless,
Came with thy word, when on our race
Broke forth the Sun of Righteousness.
Light of our souls! how strong it grows!
That Sun! how wide his beams he flings,
As up the glorious sky he goes,
With light and healing in his wings!
Give us that light! O God, H is given!
Hope sees it open heaven's wide halls
To those, who for the truth have striven;
And Faith walks firmly where it falls.
Churches no more, in cold eclipse,
Mourn the withholding of its rays;
It gilds their gates, and on the lips
Of every faithful preacher plays.
