title: Hymns and Odes (part 1 of 4)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 126
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

Written for the Twenty-second Anniversary of the Boston Female Orphan
Asylum, September 20th, 1322.
I praise the God, who, while I kept
My watch beside the grave,
Where, cold and dead, my father slept,
Where, drowned in grief, my mother wept,
An orphan stooped to save.
He stooped to save when hope had fled;
For soon my mother's moan
Was heard no more; — when she had shed
Her last tear o'er my father's bed,
She rested in her own.
When round my couch the visions pressed,
Of want, and guilt, and shame,
Then, like the spirits of the blest,
Sent forth to guide me to my rest,
The orphan's guardians came.

I thank thee, Lord, for hope's sweet ray,
To life's dark morning given;
Let it shine on through all my day;
Let virtues bloom along my way,
And let their fruits be heaven.

Written for the Anniversary of the Howard Benevolent Society, in Boston,
December, 1825.
Mighty One, whose name is holy,
Thou wilt save thy work alive;
And the spirit of the lowly
Thou wilt visit and revive.*
What thy prophets thus have spoken,
Ages witness as they roll;
Bleeding hearts and spirits broken,
Touched by thee, O God, are whole.
By thy pitying spirit guided,
Jesus sought the sufferer's door,
Comforts for the poor provided,
And the mourner's sorrows bore.t
So, it wras thy spirit, beaming
In his face whose name we bear,
That sustained him while redeeming
Power's pale victims fro.n despair.
To the prisoner, wan and wasting
In the voiceless dungeon's night,
He, thine own apostle, hasting,
Led him forth, unbound, to light.
So thy mercy's angel, bending,
Heard a friendless prisoner call,
And, through night's cold vault descending,
Loosed from chains thy servant Paul.*
Father, as thy love is endless,
Working by thy servants thus,
The forsaken and the friendless
Deign to visit, even by us.
So shall each, with spirit fervent,
Laboring with thee here below,
Be declared thy faithful servant,
Where there's neither want nor woe.

Written for the Centennial Anniversary of the Charitable Irish Society in
Boston, March 17th, 1837.
To the Emerald Isle, where our kindred are dwelling,
And where the remains of our forefathers sleep,
Our eyes turn to-day, with the tears in them swelling; —
But why are we sad, who this festival keep?
We weep not for ourselves; — for our fathers, our mothers,
Whom we ne'er shall see more; for our sisters, our brothers,
Whom we hope to see yet; O yes, and for others
We may not name aloud, — 't is for these that we weep.
Poor Ireland! how long shall thy hardly earned treasures
Be wrung from thy hand, that a priesthood may gorge,
Who, year after year, are abroad on their pleasures,
Or swelling the train of a William or George!
'T is not so with thy sons on this side of the ocean;
Here we open our hands from the grateful emotion
We feel to our priests, for their zeal and devotion,
In removing our sins and the fetters they forge.
At evening, the blue eyes of many a maiden
In Erin are lifted to look at the star,
That is hung in the west; and the night wind is laden
With sighs for the loved ones beneath it afar.
Girls of the green isle, O do not deplore us!
In our visions ye 're swimming, like angels, before us,
And the Being, whose shield of protection is o'er us,
Hath not made the deep an impassable bar.
Though absent, the fount of our faith is not frozen;
While we live, of its up-welling waters we '11 draw,
For the maids that we love, for the land that we *ve chosen,
Where Freedom is nursed at the bosom of Law.
" Land of the free! for the shelter thou 'st given
To those whom the storm of oppression has driven
From their homes, may a blessing be on thee from heaven! "
Say the sons and the daughters of Erin go bragh.

Written for the Anniversary of the Fatherless and Widows So iety in
Boston, October loth, 1S37.
The fatherless and widow, Lord,
Find hope and comfort in this word,
Which in thy Holy Book they see, —
" Leave all thy fatherless to me."
This checks the dying husband's sigh,
As on his wife he turns his eye,
^ ho, at his bed-side bends her knee, —
'* And let thy widows trust in me."

" Thy Maker is thy husband; " — this
Soothes the keen anguish of the kiss,
Pressed by the wife upon his brow,
Who answers not to " Husband! " now.
" Orphans and fatherless are we,
Our mothers widows! " — Thus, of old,
Did Zion's children plead with Thee;
And still that mournful tale is told.
But He hath come, who to his breast
Clasped such forsaken ones and blessed.
Here, Lord, are children left alone; —
Help us to clasp them to our own.
And bless thy servant,* Lord, whose ear
These orphans' thanks can never hear, —
Thanks, that, although his eyes are dim,
They have a father found in him.
Time, with his softly falling sand,
Hath closed his ear, but not his hand.
Lord, when that sand shall all have run,
Shall he not hear " Well done! Well done! "
Father of all, our hope, our trust!
When we are sleeping in the dust,
Let others rise, to soothe and bless
The widow and the fatherless.
ciety a donation of § 2,400, besides sundry valuable articles of
food and clothing. He was aged and almost totally deaf.
