title: Hymns and Odes (part 2 of 4)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 148
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

Written for the Twentieth Anniversary of the Female Samaritan Society,
Boston, October 22d, 1837.
Faint, bleeding, of his robes bereft,
" Ready to perish " by the way,
'Mid craggy wilds by robbers left,
A lonely Jewish traveller lay.
A priest of Judah, passing by,
The sufferer saw, and help denied.
A Levite toward him turned his eye,
And " passed by on the other side."
A traveller from Samaria came, —
Whose nation's bosom long had burned
With hatred of the Jewish name, —
And toward the wounded stranger turned.
As nearer, on his beast, he drew,
A thrill of pity through him ran; —
He saw not there a hated Jew;
He only saw a suffering man.
He saw him; — - from his own scant store
Of oil and wine he filled his cup,
From his own robe a bandage tore,
And bathed his wounds and bound them up;

On his own beast the sufferer laid,
And to an hospitable shed
Bore him, — for all his nursing paid,
And left him on a grateful bed.
" Go, do thou likewise! " Thus said He,
Who gave the world this touching tale; —
We would do likewise, Lord, till we
Tread, each alone, Death's shadowy vale.

Written for the Fair of the Female Friendly Society for the Relief of
Widows and Orphans, Boston, July 4th, 1839.
Weary travellers are we,
And our word is briefly spoken;
We must lean on charity,
For our "stay and staff" is broken.
We are widows; — o'er the dead
Oft we bend, to feed our sorrow;
But the grave can give no bread,
And we have none for to-morrow.
We are fatherless; — the crowd
Passes by and does not heed us.
We are hungry; — but the proud
Shelter not, nor clothe, nor feed us.
From our loved and lost ones parted,
We are journeying on alone.
We are sick and broken-hearted, —
For our hearts were not of stone.
We would gladly serve you, neighbour,
Could we earn the coarsest meal;
But, we 're yet too young to labor; —
Must we starve, — or, must we steal?
We '11 do neither! — there are, round us,
Pitying hearts and willing hands;
Woman's melting eye has found us;
She beside us pleading stands.
Our fair friends, here, have been vying
With each other in our aid,
Night and day their needles plying, —
See, what charming things they 've made!
Let us lead you to this table,
By their fairy fingers dressed; —
As you stand here, you '11 be able
To look round on all the rest.
This young lady is our sister; —
Is n't this a rare display?
There! we knew you 'd not resist her; —
Pray you, Madam, step this way.

This good woman is our mother,
For a mother's heart is hers.
All good people help each other,
All are thus God's ministers.
Friends, we have been faint and weary
Travellers on life's thorny way;
But our path looks now less dreary;
Sunshine falls upon 't to-day.
Love's warm sunshine! How resplendent
Art thou to the Orphan boy,
Whom thou makest Independent,
On this day of general joy!

Written for the Jubilee of Sunday Schools, celeb' ated by the Boston Sun-
day School Society, September 14th, 1831.
Father of lights! we bless each ray
Shot from thy throne to lead the blind;
With song we hail the holy day
That's dawning on the youthful mind.
Gone is the gloom! the cold eclipse,
In which the ignorant at thee gaze,
Has passed; and now from infant lips
Art thou, 0 God, " perfecting praise."
Bishop of souls, whose arms were spread,
To clasp and bless such little ones,
On these be thine own spirit shed,
That they may be thy Father's sons!
Friends of the young, whose toils are o'er,
Taste ye in heaven a purer bliss,
Or one that now ye cherish more,
Than that which comes from days like this?
Author of life! when death's cold hand
Is gently on our eyelids pressed,
May sorrowing children round us stand, —
The children whom our cares have blessed.

Written for the Thirteenth Anniversary of the Howard Sunday School,
Boston, December 10th, 1839.
Shall that old chamber* be forgot,
Where first the light divine
Shone on our infant Sunday School,
So pleasant, but lang syne?
'T was pleasant, but lang syne, my friends,
'T was pleasant, but lang syne,
We '11 not forget that chamber where
We prayed and sung lang syne.
Shall Friend-Street Chapel be forgot,
To which, in lengthening line,
When that old room was full, we marched,
In twenty eight or nine?
O, that appears lang syne, my friends,
But, though it was lang syne,
We '11 not forget the Chapel where
We used to meet lang syne.
Shall our old teachers be forgot,
Whose voice and look benign
First drew us to the Sabbath School,
And taught us there lang syne?
O, was not that lang syne, my friends,
O, was it not lang syne?
But still we thank and bless them all,
For teaching us lang syne.
Some of those voices death hath hushed,
And closed those kindly eyen,
That were so cheering to our hearts,
When we were sad lang syne.
O, was not that lang syne, my friends?
It was, indeed, lang syne;
And heavenly hymns those voices sing,
That sung with us lang syne.
Our white-haired Pastor,* should he soon
Earth's toils and joys resign,
Shall be remembered by us all,
For what he did lang syne.
0, how he loved us all, my friends,
He loved us all lang syne,
And great be his reward in heaven,
For loving us lang syne!
Nor be our present friends forgot,
Who work the Gospel mine,
Where Christ and his apostles dropped
The gems of truth lang syne.
