title: The Drunkard's Funeral (part 2 of 2)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 92
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

And may we all, in Thee, a Father find,
Since he who was their earthly father's gone! '
Yea, widowed mourner, though bereft of him
On whose kind arm thou leanedst in thy youth,
Be not disconsolate, or overcome
By a too deep affliction. Lift thy heart, —
Lift up thine eyes! " And she did lift them up!
Then, for the first time, lifted she her eyes, —
They were the maudlin eyes of drunkenness!
She was, indeed, " o'ercome," — but not with grief!
Rum was the " rod " that she was bowing under!
Yes! that poor widowed one, who, two days since, —
Nay, not two days! — had seen her husband borne
To the low house appointed for all living, —
A victim and a trophy of " the trade," —
Her little children hungering for the bread
That only she could give them, — one of them,
Even then, receiving its whole stream of life
From her own bosom! — at the very hour
When he, who had commended her to God,
Yea, and would yet commend her, was to come,
To wreep with them who wept, and kneel beside
The robbed and wounded, — come to stanch the blood,
And pour in oil and wine, — that woman, then,
Was so profoundly steeped in what men make,
And what the law of e'en this Christian land
Allows expressly to be sold, and borne
From house to house, and drunk in families, —
And all this, as it says, " for public good," —
That, while I sat beside her, from her breast,
Her lap, her drunken arms, she let her babe
Upon the hearth-stone fall!
Now, in all this, there is no poetry; —
The tale is simple fact, and simply told.
The hand of God, — that painteth evening's clouds,
The gloom of midnight, and the morning's glory,
Who poureth round the death-bed of the just
A light that prompteth him with dying voice
To cry, " O grave, where is thy victory? n —
Hath painted, with the pencil of events,
This gloomy picture, and hath hung it up
Within the chamber of my memory.
I cannot copy it stronger than it is,
Nay, nor yet as it is! Yet there are those,
To whom this tale of real life, — and death, —
Thus simply told, without a single word
Of denunciation, censure, or rebuke
Towards those who made, or sold, or drank the death
To soul and body that hath here been seen,
Will give offence. Then spread it out, O God,
My Judge, and his and hers, of whom 't is told,
Yea, and the Judge of all who saw the man
Go down into his grave, and led him down,
By reaching forth their hand, with that in it
Which he knew, and which they knew, would be death, —
Spread out the tale, O God, as here it is,
Upon that record from which all, at last, —
I, and all those for whom I live and labor,
My family, my flock, my age, my race, —
Shall " in that day " be judged, — spread it all out,
As I have written it, — as it hath lain
For years, beneath thine own all-seeing eye,
And let thy judgment, then, between me pass
And those to whom I may have given offence,

Whether I write in hatred or in love,
Whether they read in charity or not!
But, so do unto me, and to my house,
And more, — if more than this of earthly woe
Thou hast in store for one who fears thee not, —
If I be let, by this world's fears or hopes,
From speaking, while thou keep'st me in thy service,
The word which thou commandest me to speak!
But give me, God of wisdom and of grace,
Give me the wisdom, all thy words of truth
And grace, with grace to speak. What is severe
In manner, tone, or spirit, — help me soften,
Till all my words become like his who spake
For Thee as never man before had spoken, —
In some good measure worthy of thy truth, —
Thy truth that sanctifies and saves the soul!
But, to that truth, — while I 've a tongue to speak,
A pen to write it, or a heart to feel
Its beauty and its power, — O, let me ne'er
Prove faithless! To thy guiding hand, my God,
I give this simple tale. While writing it,
I 've been drawn nearer to thee. In thy courts,
This day, I could not serve thee; — for thy hand
Hath gently touched me wTith infirmity; —
Upon thine altar, in my house, I lay
This little offering. Accept it, Lord,
With those that have been made thee in thine own!
Sunday, February 24th, 1839.
