title: Funereal Pieces
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: mixed
lines: 62
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

His falchion flashed along the Nile; —
His hosts he led through Alpine snows; —
O'er Moscow's towers, that shook the while,
His eagle flag unrolled, — and froze.
Here sleeps he now, alone; — not one
Of all the kings whose crowns he gave,
Nor sire, nor brother, wife, nor son,
Hath ever seen or sought his grave.
Here sleeps he now alone; — the star,
That led him on from crown to crown,
Hath sunk; — the nations from afar
Gazed, as it faded and went down.
He sleeps alone; — the mountain cloud
That night hangs round him, and the breath
Of morning scatters, is the shroud
That wraps his martial form in death.

High is his couch; — the ocean flood
Far, far below by storms is curled,
As round him heaved, while high he stood,
A stormy and inconstant world.
Hark! Comes there from the Pyramids,
And from Siberia's wastes of snow,
And Europe's fields, a voice that bids
The world he awed to mourn him? — No; -
The only, the perpetual dirge,
That's heard here, is the sea-bird's cry,
The mournful murmur of the surge,
The cloud's deep voice, the wind's low sigh.

Written for the Obsequies of Dr. Gaspard Spurzheim, which were cele-
brated in the Old South Church, Boston, November 17th, 1832.
Stranger, there is bending o'er thee
Many an eye with sorrow wet;
All our stricken hearts deplore thee;
Who, that knew thee, can forget?
Who forget what thou hast spoken?
Who, thine eye, — thy noble frame?
But that golden bowl is broken,
In the greatness of thy fame.
Autumn's leaves shall fall and wither
On the spot where thou shalt rest;
'T is in love we bear thee thither,
To thy mourning Mother's breast.
For the stores of science brought us,
For the charm thy goodness gave
To the lessons thou hast taught us,
Can we give thee but a grave?
Nature's priest, how pure and fervent
Was thy worship at her shrine!
Friend of man, of God the servant,
Advocate of truths divine, —
Taught and charmed as by no other
We have been, and hoped to be;
But, while waiting round thee, brother,
For thy light, — 't is dark with thee.
Dark with thee? — No; thy Creator,
All whose creatures and whose laws
Thou didst love, shall give thee greater
Light than earth's, as earth withdraws.
To thy God thy godlike spirit
Back we give, in filial trust;
Thy cold clay, — we grieve to bear it
To its chamber, — but we must.
