title: Lydia
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: ballad
lines: 90
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

Miss Lydia B. Gates, only daughter of Colonel William Gates, of the
United States Army, died at Fort Columbus, Governor's Island, New
York, February 28th, 1839, aged 19.
I saw her mother's eye of love
As gently on her rest,
As falls the light of evening's sun
Upon a lily's breast.
And the daughter to the mother raised
Her calm and loving eye,
As a lake, among its sheltering hills,
Looks upward to the sky.
I 've seen a swelling rose-bud hang
Upon its parent stem,
Just opening to the light, and graced
With many a dewy gem,
And, ere that bud had spread its leaves
And thrown its fragrance round,
I 've seen it perish on its stem,
And drop upon the ground.
So, in her yet unfolding bloom,
Hath Lydia felt the blast;
A worm unseen hath done its work; —
To earth the bud is cast,
And on her lowly resting-place, —
As on the rose-bud's bed
Drops from the parent tree are showered, —
Her parents' tears are shed.
And other eyes there are that loved
Upon that bud to rest;
There's one who long had hoped to wear
The rose upon his breast;
Who 'd watched and waited lovingly
Till it was fully blown,
And who had e'en put forth his hand,
To pluck it as his own.
A stronger hand than his that flower
Hath gathered from its tree!
And borne it hence, in Paradise
To bloom immortally;
And all that breathe the fragance there
That its young leaves exhale,
It shall remind of Sharon's rose, —
The lily of the vale.
The soldier father have I seen
Suppress a struggling sigh,
And a tear, whene'er he spoke of her,
Stood trembling in his eye; —
No other daughter, in his arms,
Had ever slept, a child,
No other daughter, on his knee,
Had ever sat and smiled.

And he was far away from her,
But for her had his fears,
And anxious thoughts, upon his brow,
Had left the stamp of years;
And now the grave hath, from his hand,
Received its sacred trust,
And father's, mother's, lover's tears
Have mingled with her dust.
Peace to her dust! for, surely, peace
Her gentle spirit knows;
Around her narrow house, on earth,
The night wind sadly blows,
But heavenly airs, that through the trees
Of life for ever play,
Are breathing on her spirit's brow,
To dry her tears away.

Written for the Funeral Service in Commemoration of the Life and Char-
acter of Charles Follen, before the Massachusetts Anti-Slavery Society,
April 17th, 1840.
O, not for thee we weep; — we weep
For her, whose lone and long caress,
And widow's tears, from fountains deep,
Fall on the early fatherless.
'T is for ourselves we mourn; — we mourn
Our blighted hopes, our wishes crossed,
Thy strength, that hath our burdens borne,
Thy love, thy smile, thy counsels lost.
'T is for the slave we sigh; — we sigh
To think thou sleepest on a shore
Where thy calm voice and beaming eye
Shall plead the bondman's cause no more.
'T is for our land we grieve; — we grieve
That Freedom's fane, Devotion's shrine,
And Faith's fresh altar, thou shouldst leave,
And they all lose a soul like thine.
A soul like thine, — so true a soul,
Wife, friends, our land, the world, must miss;
The waters o'er thy corse may roll, —
But thy pure spirit is in bliss.
