title: Patriotic and Political (part 2 of 5)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 148
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

That warms our hearts, — rolls a congenial flood
Of fearless indignation, that belongs
To federal freemen, under federal wrongs; —
Shall we, on whom his sacred mantle rests,
Who wear the badge * of union on our breasts; —
Shall ice neglect the few pale flowers that bloom,
And shed their fragrance, on our father's tomb,
Braving, while rooted there, thy tempest rude,
And all thy wintry frosts, Ingratitude?
Then let each string that wakes, within my soul, —
Untaught by reason, and above control, —
A tone, accordant with the notes sublime,
That trembling float upon the tide of time,
Blown from the trump of Fame, to bear along
The warrior's valor, and the poet's song,
Cease its vibration; — let oblivion, then,
That first of federalists, that first of men,
Hide from my view for ever; — let no joy
Beam on my days; — let blighting blasts destroy
My every hope; — here let me live accursed,
The best my enemies, my friends the worst; —
And when Death's icy touch shall hush my tongue,
Be no grave opened, and no requiem sung;
But, from Earth's consecrated bosom thrust,
Let asps and adders coil upon my dust!
Then, while the hours pursue their viewless flight,
And roll along the sable car of night,
Let us, my friends, turn back our eyes, and gaze
On the bright orbs that gilded other days;
Each in his sphere, revolving round the sun,
That gave them warmth and lustre, — Washington.
But, while we see them in their orbits roll,
Bright as the stars, unshaken as the pole,
Pure as the dew, as summer's evening mild,
By no cloud shaded, by no lust defiled,
While all around their common centre sweep,
Illume the earth, or blaze along the deep,
Who, but exclaims, beneath the o'erwhelming light,
" Visions of Glory, spare my aching sight! " *
Thou hoary monarch! since thy tyrant hand
First shook o'er earth thy sceptre and thy sand,
Or waved thy sithe, commissioned to destroy,
O'er Balbec's columns, or the towers of Troy, —
Nay, since in youth, thou bad'st the rosy hours
Smile upon Adam, under Eden's bowers,
Hadst thou e'er seen a clime, more blest than this,
More richly fraught with beauty and with bliss?

E'er seen a brighter constellation glow,
With all that's pure and dignified below,
Than moved, harmonious, round that wondrous man,
Whose deeds of glory with his life began,
Whose name, the proudest on thy proudest page,
Shall fill with admiration every age!
Then, with such rays as gild the morning, shone,
In peerless pomp, thy genius, Ha3iilton!
Sublime as heaven, and vigorous as sublime,
He, in his flight, outstripped the march of Time,
Plucked from each age the product of each soil,
And o'er thy country poured the generous spoil.
By thine own labors, without aid from France,*
We saw the splendid fabric of finance, —
Beneath whose dome, confusion, in thy hands,
Order became; and (even as did the sands,
O'er which the waters of Puctolus rolled,
WThen Midas touched them,) paper turned to gold, —
At once, the boast and wonder of mankind,
Rise at thy spell, — the creature of thy mind.
Thus, when Amphion left Cithseron's shade,
Beside Ismenus' wave the shepherd strayed;
And, as he roamed in solitude along,
And charmed the ear of Silence with a song,
Sweeping, in symphony, his tuneful string,
That flung its wild notes on the Zephyr's wing,
The walls of Thebes with many a glittering spire,
Rose to the strong enchantment of his lyre.
retary of the Treasury, now (18J2) forms apart of the French
Empire.
Immortal statesman! while the stars shall bum,
Or to the pole the trembling needle turn,
Ne'er shall the tide of dark oblivion roll
Over that " strong divinity of soul
That conquered fate," * and traversed, unconfined,
The various fields of matter and of mind, —
Thy heart, to chanty so warmly strung,
And all the sweet persuasion of thy tongue.
Yet, wast thou spotless in thine exit? — Nay; —
Nor spotless is the monarch of the day; —
Still, but one cloud shall o'er thy fame be cast,
And that shall shade no action, hut thy last.
Then, with a milder, though congenial ray,
Like Hesper, shone the kindred soul of Jay.
His hand unshaken by an empire's weight,
His eye undazzled by the glare of state,
Even in the shadow of " Power's purple robe," f
He gave our land the charter of the globe,
And bade our eagle leave her native pine,
To bathe in light beneath the sultry line,
O'er every tide, with lightning's speed, to sweep,
Cleave every cloud that whitens o'er the deep,
Tower o'er the heads of conquerors and kings,
And soar to glory on her canvass wings.
Then, where Ohio rolls her silver flood,
If e'er a tomahawk was dyed in blood;
"u That strong divinity of soul
That conquers Chance and Fate."
Pleasures of Imagination.
t Akenside.

Or if the war-whoop broke an infant's rest,
Where Erie drinks the rivers of the West;
Or if an arrow, from an unseen bow,
Thrown by a savage, laid a white-man low;
Or if a captive heard the hideous yell,
Or felt the tortures of those fiends of hell; —
On his pale horse the king of terrors sped,
The fires were quenched, the howling savage bled;
The grisly monarch feasted on the slain,
And blest the courage, and the sword, of Wayne.
Then, — ere, by Gallic perfidy beguiled,
" The other Adams " * was again a child, — ■
When a grim monster f rose with many a head,
More foul than e'er the lake of Lerna bred; —
Whose bloody hands no sacred tie could bind,
Whose lurid eye rolled ruin on mankind; —
And frowning dared a tribute to demand,
Of " beauconp d/ argent," from a Pinckney's hand; —;
Fire in his eye, and thunder on his tongue,
Fierce from his seat, the hoary veteran sprung,
And gave the hydra in her den to know,
He bought no friendship, — for he feared no foe.
dent and the truly republican Samuel Adams. (*) t The French Directory.
(*) Both the text and the notes of this poem occasionally show the
warmth of political feeling, and the strength of party prejudice, that be-
longed to the time when it was written. Both text and notes are
allowed to remain, as memorials of fires that raged once, but have long
since gone out.
Then, nay since then, while yet a twilight grey
Gave to our eves the parting beams of day, —
For, when our sun, our glory, sunk to rest,
He fringed with gold the curtains of the west,
And poured a lustre on the world behind,
That faded as the mighty orb declined, —
Our eagle, soaring with unwearied flight,
'Mid clouds to enjoy the last, faint gleam of light,
With piercing eye glanced o'er the watery waste,
And saw her flag by Mussulmans disgraced;
Nay, — heard her children, on Numidia's plains,
Sigh for their homes, and clank the -Moslem's chains;
The generous bird, at that incensing view,
