title: Patriotic and Political (part 4 of 5)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 142
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

Must mix the blending colors, soft as air;
To hit the piercing lustre of her eye,
Must catch the light and azure of the sky;
To fill the piece with corresponding glow,
Must dip his pencil in the eastern bow;
Then, o'er her locks and dimpled cheeks, must shed
The paly orange and the rose's red; —
Must shade the mellow back-ground of the scene
With mingled tints of violet and green;
Upon her lips must smiles and graces play;
The coral, melting in the dews of May,
Must just disclose the ivory beneath,
And if she breathed not, she must seem to breathe.
But let not now the merest novice dread,
(This same Columbia sitting for her head,)
With painting frenzy fired, to grasp the brush; —
He '11 hit her to the life, and need not blush
To have his work inspected; — if he '11 mix
The kindred streams of Acheron and Styx*
Shut close his windows, that no ray of light
May give a single feature to his sight,—
Then, on the ready canvass turn his back,
And daub it o'er with hitter and with black.

Look at Columbia! — see her sickly form,
Exposed, unsheltered, to the howling storm;
No friendly taper glimmering on her sight,
Her thin robes draggled in the dews of night,
Her bosom shrinking from the piercing blasts,
On Earth's cold lap her fainting limbs she casts; —
And as she sinks, despairing and forlorn,
The clouds her curtains, and her couch the thorn,
Her Evil Genius, envying e'en such rest,
Broods like an incubus upon her breast; —
Forbids the fluid through her veins to dart,
And locks up every function of her heart.f regions, the one remarkable for the bitter taste, and the other for
the M inky hue " of its waters.
metropolis, chaining the current of its blood, and locking up
every healthful function and energy of life."
Curraris Speech on the Election of Lord Mayor.

And yet, the authors of their country's shame,
(In rank, too high; in worth, too low to name,)
Viewing her dying agonies the while,
With fiend-like triumph " grin a ghastly smile.'"
Look at our Commerce! — driven from the deep,
Our sails no more its curling surface sweep;
No more the silks of India swell our stores;
No more Arabia's gums perfume our shores;
But Desolation hovers o'er our ships
With raven pinions; — and with skinny lips,
And cheeks all shrivelled, Famine stalks our streets,
And clings, with withered hand, to all she meets.
Look at our army! — See its bristling van,
Led on to conquest by that wondrous man,
Who dares the aid of powder to despise,
And " looks down opposition " with his eyes! *
See! how the forests shudder as he comes!
How their recesses echo to his drums!
See him, with Victory perching on his crest,
Leap boldly o'er the barriers of the West,
And bid his eagles, stooping to the plain,
Fix their strong talons in the Lion's mane! —
Then see him, wheeling with resistless sweep,
Exchange his army — for a flock of sheep! t
HulVs emancipating Proclamation Jo the Oppressed Canadians,
July Uth, 1812.
Merino sheep.
Look at our navy! — does it proudly ride,
And roll its thunders o'er the subject tide,
As once it rode and. thundered? Rogers, say,
When, from our coasts, thy squadron bore away,
Stretched o'er the Atlantic, and its flags unfurled,
To catch the breezes of the Eastern world,
Sought for a foe on Afric's sultry shores,
And ploughed the circling waves, that washed the
Azores;
For thee, what garlands floated on the main?
What did thy squadron? — It came back again! *
How gratefully, amid the horrid gloom,
That rests incumbent on our Honor's tomb,
Should we all hail one solitary ray,
Were it indeed the harbinger of day; —
When even now, amid the tenfold night
Of dark despair, we hail, with fond delight,
Nay, with triumphant pride, the beam that's poured,
Conqueror of Dacres, from thy flaming sword!
Then, would the patriot's heart, that sinks oppressed
By humbling shame, throb proudly in his breast;
Then, would he say, " The reign of night is o'er!
The day is dawning that shall close no more!
My hopes were sunk; but brighter prospects rise,
And other suns shall yet adorn our skies.
Thus would the ear, when fever fires the brain,
Restless, all night, with sympathetic pain,
expedition, in his letter to the Secretary of the Navy, Septem-
ber 1st, 1812.

By jarring discord's harshest gratings torn,
Wake to the airy melodies of morn." *
But now, what is it? 'T is the lightning's glare,
That flames at midnight through the murky air,
And shows what clouds the face of heaven deform,
And all the fearful horrors of the storm.
Thus, when Apollo to his son resigned
His car and coursers, to illume mankind,
His car and coursers, stooping from the skies,
Cleft earth with heat, and opened to the eyes
Of the pale tenants of the realms below,
The boundless chaos, and the scenes of woe,
That reigned around; — e'en Pluto and his bride,
Who swayed the infernal sceptre, side by side,
Trembled beneath the intolerable light; —
And the ghosts shrunk and shuddered at the sight, f
Still, gallant Hull, the meed of praise is thine,
Still Victory's wreaths around thy brow shall twine,
Still, child of Washington, thy name shall live,
While valor immortality can give!
Hark! — as it shuts, with triple-bolted bars,
The ponderous door on grating hinges jars;
The massy key springs the reluctant locks;
Echoes the clang from adamantine rocks; —
There, in a dungeon's gloom, 'mid vapors dank,
Where rattle manacles, and fetters clank,
"M But who the melodies of morn can tell ? " — Beattie.
minating mankind, see Ovid's Metamorphoses, Lib. ii.
To perfidy and treachery self- resigned,
Children of Liberty, were ye confined!
Children of Honor, thither basely led!
Children of Washington, — 't was there ye bled!
And why? — What nameless deed that hates the sun,
And courts congenial darkness, had ye done?
Some ruined virgin had ye left to sigh,
And die in guilt, or live in infamy?
Covered her father's reverend cheeks with shame?
Or shot her brother to redeem your fame? —
No; but in times like these, when Virtue weeps,
When high-born Honor in retirement sleeps,
When Vice triumphant fills the chair of state,
When most great men are infamously great,
When sots and demagogues to election come, —
Those to give votes and these to pay in rum, —
When place is venal, nay, by auction bought,
Ye dared to think, and publish as ye thought!
Hark! — 't is the Demon! — at the door he treads!
