title: Patriotic and Political (part 5 of 5)
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 105
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

Alecto's mantle shrouds his hundred heads;
Back fly the bolts; his bloody eye-balls glare;
Long, dangling snakes hiss in his horrent hair;
Blue flames of sulphur issue from his jaws;
Each giant hand a naked dagger draws;
The steely clashing echoes from the walls,
And at his feet the hoary Lingan falls! * this passage relates to the Baltimore Mob of 1812: — that had
taken place just before this poem was written; that had for its

The monster speaks; — " There, traitor, take thy rest!
Ha! — are those scars, that seam thy aged breast? —
And didst thou think c those poor dumb wounds would plead,
Like angels, trumpet-tongued,' * against my deed?
Simple old fool! — I glory in my work; —
Here, — see thy blood that trickles from my dirk!
Die not, till thou hast seen what joy I feel,
To kiss that trophy of my faithful steel; —
That trophy must command a generous price,
Where I shall show it; — great men are not nice,
Who have employed me in these high affairs;
I '11 have my pay, — as doubtless they have theirs object the suppression of Hanson's " Federal Republican "; and
that resulted on the destruction of the printing-office, — the storm-
ing of the city prison within whose cells the defenders of the
press had allowed themselves to be locked up, as the only pro-
tection the laws could afford them from popular violence, — and in
the murder of the venerable General Lingan, within those cells!
This, I believe, was the first of a series, — disgraceful to our
land, — of mobs for the suppression of the liberty of the press
and of discussion, and for the destruction of the lives of its de-
fenders. That in Philadelphia, May 17th, 1838, in which Pennsyl-
vania Hall was burnt, is, 1 believe, the last. May it ever be!
These lines, now more than a quarter of a century old, show that
my indignation towards mobs is no new flame. 1840.
"Show you sweet Caesar's icounds, poor, poor dumb mouths.'
And bid them speak for me."
Julius Ccesar.
" His virtues
Will plead like angels trumpet-tongued, against
The deep damnation of his taking off."
Macbeth,
From those, who still a prouder state enjoy, —
Who bribed Speranskiy — and who bought Godoy!t
Ah! not yet dead! — give me thy hoary locks,
And let thy brains besmear these gory rocks; —
Thus do I dash thee, — Tory as thou art, —
Thus drink thy blood, — thus craunch thy quivering heart!"
Soul of the brave, look backward in thy flight;
Our eyes pursue thee till thou 'rt lost in light;
There rest in peace, thy earthly pains forgot; —
Soul of the brave, how happy is thy lot!
Johnson, Montgomery, Strieker! — when grim Death
Shall stop the volumes of mephitic breath,
That spread contagion round you; when your ear
The curse of freemen can no longer hear;
Your memory like your carcasses shall rot,
On earth detested, — in the grave forgot.
life to the highest civil office in the Russian empire, — lately
banished to Siberia, for communicating to Buonaparte the whole
plan of the Emperor's operations in the present war.
t Godoy, the infamous Prince of Peace, who, while he enjoyed all the wealth and honor his King could lavish upon
him, as well as all the more flattering favors of his Queen, held
a treasonable correspondence with the Tyrant of France, the object of which was the destruction of the Spanish monarchy.
Thus we see, that from Madrid to St. Petersburgh, neither wealth, nor power, nor love can resist the omnipotence of
French intrigue. Are its operations confined to the Eastern continent?

While Lingan, Hanson, Thompson, Biglow fire
The poet's raptures, and the minstrel's lyre,
Rise, their deluded countrymen to bless,
And, from the ruins of the falling Press,
Diffuse such lustre, as dispels the gloom
From Sidney's scaffold and from Hampden's tomb.
When on the ruins of Palmyra's walls,
Through fleecy clouds, the sober moonlight falls,
Trembling among the ivy leaves, that shade
The crumbling arch and broken colonnade,
As some lone bard, that gives his silver hair
To float, dishevelled, on the sighing air,
While glories, long departed, rush along,
Pours on the ear of night, in mournful song,
The fond remembrance of that splendid day,
When round Longinus' temples twined the bay,
When on those towers the beams of science shone,
And princes kneeled around Zenobia's throne; —
Some future minstrel thus his lyre shall sweep,
Where glides Potomac to the azure deep.
" Where now these ruins moulder on the ground,
Where Desolation walks her silent round,
The slippery serpent drags his sinuous trail,
To marble columns clings the slimy snail,
The solemn raven croaks, the cricket sings,
And bats and owlets flap their sooty wings; —
Once, a proud temple rose, with front sublime,
By Wisdom reared, to brave the shocks of Time,
And consecrated to the smiling Three,
Religion, Peace, and Civil Liberty.
Its earliest priests, in stainless robes arrayed,
By no threats daunted, by no arts betrayed,
Ne'er let the censer nor the olive drop,
Though clouds and tempests brooded o'er its top.
Time brought their pious labors to a close;
Others succeeded, and new scenes arose; —
The hovering tempests fell upon its walls,
The brooding clouds were welcomed to its halls,
The shuddering altars felt the fires of hell,
The olive withered, and the censer fell,
The columns broke, the trembling arches frowned,
The Temple sunk, and ruin stalks around."
