title: The Tocsin
author: John Pierpont
date: c. 1816-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/airspal00pier (Airs of Palestine, and Other Poems, Boston: James Munroe, 1840; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 122
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate; miscellaneous / occasional poems, many hymns and odes

Wake! children of the men who said,
" All are born free! " — Their spirits come
Back to the places where they bled
In Freedom's holy martyrdom,
And find you sleeping on their graves,
And hugging there your chains, — ye slaves!
Ay, — slaves of slaves! What, sleep ye yet,
And dream of Freedom, while ye sleep?
Ay, — dream, while Slavery's foot is set
So firmly on your necks, — while deep
The chain her quivering flesh endures
Gnaws, like a cancer, into yours?
Hah! say ye that I 've falsely spoken,
Calling you slaves? — Then prove ye 're not;
Work a free press! — ye '11 see it broken; *
Stand to defend it! — ye '11 be shot, f —
O yes! but people should not dare
Print what " the brotherhood " won't bear!
t Bear witness, bones of Lovejoy i
Then from your lips let words of grace,
Gleaned from the Holy Bible's pages,
Fall, while ye 're pleading for a race
Whose blood has flowed through chains for ages; —
And pray, — " Lord, let thy kingdom come! "
And see if ye 're not stricken dumb.
Yes, men of God! ye may not speak,
As, by the Word of God, ye 're bidden;
By the pressed lip, — the blanching cheek,
Ye feel yourselves rebuked and chidden; *
And, if ye 're not cast out, ye fear it; —
And why? — " The brethren " will not hear it.
Since, then, through pulpit, or through press,
To prove your freedom ye 're not able,
Go, — like the Sun of Righteousness,
By wise men honored, — to a stable!
Rev. John Pierpont, by a Committee of the Parish, called ' The
Proprietors of Hollis-Street Meetinghouse/ to be submitted to
a mutual Ecclesiastical Council, as Reasons for dissolving his
tions of legislation on the subject of prohibiting the sale of ardent
spirits; — of his too busy interference with questions of legisla-
tion on the subject of imprisonment for debt; — of his too busy
interference with the popular controversy on the subject of the
abolition of slavery." And this, in the eighteen hundred and
that are bound "!

Bend there to Liberty your knee!
Say there that God made all men free!
Even there, — ere Freedom's vows ye 've plighted,
Ere of her form ye 've caught a glimpse,
Even there, are fires infernal lighted,
And ye 're driven out by Slavery's imps. *
Ah, well! - — " so persecuted they
The prophets " of a former day!
Go, then, and build yourselves a hall,
To prove ye are not slaves, but men!
Write " Freedom," on its towering wall!
Baptize it in the name of Penn;
And give it to her holy cause,
Beneath the /Egis of her laws; —
Within let Freedom's anthem swell; —
And, while your hearts begin to throb,
And burn within you Hark! the yell, —
The torch, — the torrent of the Mob! —
the stable of the Marlborough Hotel, standing upon the ground
now covered by the Marlborough Chapel; the only temple in
Boston, into which the friends of human liberty, that is, of the
liberty of man as man, irrespective of color or caste, could gain
admittance for the annual meeting of the Massachusetts Anti-
Slavery Society, January 25th, 1^37. Bear witness, too, that
altar was an iron stove, — their only incense, the fumes of a
quantity of cayenne pepper, that some one of the " imps" had
sprinkled upon the hot stove-plates, to drive the friends of the
freedom of all men out of that little asylum.
They 're Slavery's troops that round you sweep,
And leave your hall a smouldering heap! * \t Slavery's beck, the prayers ye urge
On your own servants, through the door
Of your own Senate, — that the scourge
May gash your brother's back no more, —
Are trampled underneath their feet,
While ye stand praying in the street!
At Slavery's beck, ye send your sons t
To hunt down Indian wives or maids,
Doomed to the lash! — Yes, and their bones,
Whitening 'mid swamps and everglades,
Where no friend goes to give them graves,
Prove that ye are not Slavery's slaves!
At Slavery's beck, the very hands
Ye lift to Heaven, to swear ye 're free,
Will break a truce, to seize the lands
Of Seminole or Cherokee!
Yes, — tear ftflag, that Tartar hordes
Respect, and shield it with their swords!
blphia, from the fear, on the part of the city government, that,
lould the noble structure be reared aofain, and dedicated again
Liberty, the fiery tragedy of the 17th of May would be encored.
t Bear witness, Florida war, from first to last, though " the
d is not yet."
: Bear witness, ghost of the great-hearted, broken-hearted (ceola!

Vengeance is thine, Almighty God!
To pay it hath thy justice bound thee;
Even now, I see thee take thy rod, —
Thy thunders, leashed and growling round thee; —
Slip them not yet, in mercy! — Deign
Thy wrath yet longer to restrain! —
Or, — let thy kingdom, Slavery, come!
Let Church, let State, receive thy chain!
Let pulpit, press, and hall be dumb,
If so " the brotherhood " ordain!
The Muse her own indignant spirit
Will yet speak out: — and men shall hear it.
Yes; — while, at Concord, there's a stone
That she can strike her fire from still;
While there's a shaft at Lexington,
Or half a one on Bunker's Hill,*
There shall she stand and strike her lyre,
And Truth and Freedom shall stand by her.
But, should she thence by mobs be driven,
For purer heights she '11 plume her wing; —
Spurning a land of slaves, to heaven
She '11 soar, where she can safely sing.
God of our fathers, speed her thither!
God of the free, let me go with her!
on Bunker's Hill a whole one. Success to them!
