

=== PDF page 1 ===
ti
ED 257 108
DOCUMENT AESUME
CS 208 950
AUTHOR
.
Fedler, Fred
,
TITLE
Mrs. O'Leary's Cow and Other Newspaper Tales about
..
the Chicago Fire of 1871.i
.
"N.
PUB MATE
Aug 85
,
'NOTE
29p.; Paper presented at the Annual Meeting oL the
Association for Education in Journalism and Mass
CommuniCatien (68th, Memphis, TN, August 3-6,
1985).
-,
PUB TYPE
%
Speeches/Conference Pipers (1t0) .Historical
Materials (060)
,
.,
EDRS,PRICE
DESCRIPTORS
IDENTIFIERS
MF01/PCO2 Plus Postage.
*Journalism; *Newspapers; *News Reporting; *United
States History
*Accuracy; *Chicago Fire 1871; *Illinois (Chicago);
Journalism History
ABSTRACT
I
Noting that, historically, newspaper-editors copied
the best, and sometimes erroneous, stories from other newspapers
published in distant cities, this piper explores newpaper coverage of
the 1871 Great Chicago Fire, and the myth that Mrs. O'Leary's cow was
to blame. After suggesting that a report invented the story of the
'
O'Leib? cow kicking a lantern and'starting the fire, the 4irst
portion of the paper describes the dry vnd fire-prone conditions of
the city at the time, the O'Learylamily, and the fire's destruction.
The middle portion describes how the four Chicago newspapers, their
offices destroyed, still managed to publish in the days immediately
following the fire. This section arsd:elamines initial newspaper
accounts of the fire, which did in fact begin in O'Leary's barn, and
traces the origins of -the "irate cow
story. The fiext section
explores accounts published in paperssactoss the country, discussing
why the stories were so sensational and inaccurate. These include a
story stating that the fire was the result of a communist conspiracy.
The last portion of the paper describes various witnesses and their
testimony before the Board of. Police and Fire Commissionersmost of
them exonerating the O'Learys of blame for the fire--and then
discusses the most likely causes of the fire, and the likelihood that
the "cow story" had been a hoax intended to make the story more
lively. (HTH)
***********************************************************************
*
Reproductions supplied by EDRS are the best that can be made
*
*
from the original document.
*
***********************************************************************
4.


=== PDF page 2 ===
s.
Fred Pedlar
Department of Communication
University of Central Florida
Orlando, Fla.
32816'
Phone:
305-275-2681
vb
N.
C:2
LAJ
I
a,
wog
U.S. DEPASTMENT OF EDUCATION
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF EDUCATION
EDUCATIONAL fiESOURCES.INFORMA TION
XCENTER IERICI
"
This documeni has been reproduced as
re,.erf Irons the person Or orgapatiun
onyinateliii
.
.
Mom! t hangin have been made to imprr:ve '
reptothit Wm rithillly
....__. ....__ .._.
.
PrntiTS of view r), riii.mons slated .n this doce
count do not neceSSMIV reWSent ofiloal NIE
Posaam of policy
/
ire
Mrs. O'Leary's Cow And Other. Newspaper
About The Chicago Fire'Of 1871
By Fred Fedler#
*The author is is professor in the Department of Communication at
the University of Central Florida, Orlando.
A paper presented to the History,Divialon of the Association for
Education in Journalism and Msat'Communication at its convention
in Memphis, Tenn., August 1985.
'PERMISSION TO REPRODUCE THIS
MATERIAL HAS BEEN GRANTED BY
Fred Fedler
TO THE EDUCATIONAL RESOURCES
INFORMATION CENTER (ERIC)."
BEST COPY AVAILABLE
40


=== PDF page 3 ===
.
ti
41.
C
Mrs. O'Leary's Co4 And Other Newspapbr Tales
About The Chicago Fire Of 1871
For 200 years, editors obtained much of the news by subscribing to the
papers published in distant qities and by copying their best stories.
If one
neaSpaper published an interesting error, the editors in other cities might copy
that error, not knowing,(or perhapi caring) that the story was false.
Newspaper
o
readers might quote the.error,.so a single error could be repeated thousands of
.times.
The errors embarrassed innocent victims and fooled millions of 'Americans.
.1/
One of the most famous errors involves Mr710,'Leary 's cow, which was accused
of starting the Chicago fire.
41s
I
Chicago's grest.fire of 1871 started in thi O'Leary's barn, but Mrti.
,
OiLeary was in bed at the time.
Because of a sore foot, Mrs. O'Leary had
gone to bed early that night.
The tale about her jow seems to have been created
by a reporter who wanted to make his story about the fire more interesting.
It
was a fanciful tale,laucft more interesting than,the trUthe .other journflists
copied it, and thi public believed and remembered it.
Newspapers
?far from Chicago also published other inaccurate and sensational
stories about the fire.
For example:
newspapers reported that vigilantes killed
hordes of thieves and arsonists,
nd that 2,500 babids were born and died during
the fire.
t
BEST'COPY AVAILABLE


=== PDF page 4 ===
O'Leary-2
Conditions In Chicap
..**%r
The'summer of 1871 was unusually
dry.
Chicago's last heavy rain fell on
July 3.
During the next three months, the city recorded only one brief
ra'infarl.
'and a few sprinkles.
The Chicago Tribune called the city an enormous firetrap.
The Tribune
explained that 902 of the buildings n Chitago were constructed,of wood.
Some,
4
particularly thOie in, the business district, had brick or stone walls -- but wooden.
floors, window frames, doori, and roofs.
A few owners considere'd their buildings
fireproof, but even their buildings had wooden rafters and tar roofs.2
ChicaT also had 56 miles of wooden (pine block) streets and 561 miles of
..
wooden sidewalks.
Coal and lumber yards lined the-banks of the Chicago River.
Homes contained other flammable materials:
wood or coal for heat and kerosene
for light.
About 300,000 people lived in Chicago,. but the
pity employed only 200
.
firemen and owned only 17 steam-powered fire
engines.
'The city's Board of Police
and Fire Commissioners complained that the tar. roofs were unsafe, that the city's
water supply was inadequate, and that the city's fire hydrants were too far apart.
The board wanted to require the use of metal roofa,
to hire more firemen, and to
purchase, several fire boats, but the city't, Common Council ignored its
'recommendations.;
The O'Leary,Family,
Patrick 021.eary, his wife, and their five children lived at 137 DeKoven
Street.
The O'Lea*rys were poor and lived in a neighborhood of woadan shanties.
Witnesses said DeKoven Street wasiunpaved and littered with
. -pers, boxes, scraps
of wood, and other garbage.
A reporter called it "a me
liftle street of shabby
wooden houses, with dirty dooryards, and Unpainted
ences falling to decay."4
O'Leary was a laborer, "a pick and shove
man, available for anything that
needed muscle."5
His wife, Catharine, was a plump woman, about 35 years old.
.
4
BEST COPY AVAILABLE


=== PDF page 5 ===
c
4
"e?
O'Leary-3
Mrs. O'Leary kept five4mews,oa calf, and a horse in a barn behind their house.
She milked the cows at 5 a.m. and at 4:30 pat'. every da'y, then loaded the milk
onto a wagpn and sold it' to neighbors.
.ro
The O'Learys had purchased their home for $500 and lived in three rooms
.....
'in th4 back.
They rented the fron
half to Patrick McLaughlin, a railroad man.
\t1
From the outside, the house looked c eaply built:
plain, unpainted, and almost
square, with few windows.
The barn was abouti40 feet behind their house.
It wad4.s two-story structure,
I
4,
14 feet high, but only 16 by 20 feet wide.
Three tone of hay were stored in the
loft.
The'Great Fire
A
On a Saturday night -- Oct. 7 : --- flames broke /put at a woodworking factory
iy
on Canal Street.
The area contained several lumber yards, saloons,
alhd cheap wooden.
homes.
Flames raged out of control until 3:30 a.m. Sunday,
almost completely
---4(
destroying every building on four citg., blocks and tausing $1.mil1ien in
damages.
One or two fire engines were burned during the fire.
But more importantly,
the city's firemen were exhausted.
Late1r, critics charged that they became
drunk after extinguishing the fire;
Some critics charged that Chicago's firemen
celebrated every great fire "by a good /thorough drunk." however,
their charges
were never proven.
Chicago's "Great Fire% started that SUnday night.
For the next 24 hours.
flames, raced
through the city and could be seen in Peoria, 100 Miles to the
south.
Experts say a 20- to 30-mile-an-hour wind was blowing in off the prairie,
'toward Lake Michigan.
Witnesses remember a much strongei wind, one'blowing toward
f"
BEST COPY AVAILABLE


=== PDF page 6 ===
4
.
O'Leary-4
the heart of the city at.almost-tornado strength.
Typically, a:newsian recalled,
"A gale of wind vap blowing from the southwest and urging the fire onward over
the wealthiest and handsomest portion of the place.q7
Experts concluded that
the fire bpcgme so large and so hot that it created tremendous updrafts and
cyclonic winds similar to those reported in German cities bombed during World
Z.
War 11.8
J
Chicago's firemen were helpless.
Intense heat and tremendous flames destroyed
the lumber and coal yards along the Chicago River.
All-the city's water pumps were
located in 4 single bdilding with a rodqn roof.
After flames destroyed the
building, firemen were-unable to obtain any more water from'the city's fire
0
hydrants.
They moved their engines to the Chicago River or to Lake Michigan
and pumped water directly from them.
But thafr hoses'could not r'each the heart
of the city, and flames
raced
through 't unopposed.
.
.
The fire gained in strength, spreading faster and faster.
Flames shot forward
as though they were aimed from a blowtorch, destroying blocks of banks, stores,
hotels, theaters, and government offices.
After leaping across the Chicago River,
they struck the North Side, turning its homes and factories to ashes.
Witnesses
reported a continuous sheet of flames, 2 miles long and 1 mile wide.
A journalist visiting Chicago that weekend almost died in Ais hotel.
He was
s'
tired from watching the fire on Saturday night and went to bed at 10:30.
As he
\)was falling asleep, the jourvalist heard a fire alarm
omewhere in'the city.
Later, he heard other unusual noises but fell back asleep.
Wien he finally got
up and threw open the blinds, he "gazed upon a sheet' of flames towering 100 fist
above the top of the hotel."
The journalist ran out and reported:
"There was a tempest of wind, and
shortly there could be seen a river of red cinders and burning. timbers
in the sky,
apparently miles in length, sweeping across the Chicago River at the doomed
i
business district, out Ont, Lake Michigan, to the northeSst."9
BEST COPY AVAiL.0)-L,
w


=== PDF page 7 ===
I- O'Leery-5
Another journalist remained in bed until the city's fire bells sounded a
eN
A
y
G
,
general.alarm;'then looked out an
8fW a row of wooden tenements on fire.
He
.
,
reported: '"A column Of flame would shoot up from,a burning building, catch the
force of'the wind,
andsstrike the next one....It was &imply. indescribable in
, its terrible'gri:ndeur.."10
People hurriedithrough.the streets, carrying bundles of clothing and
household goods citheir shoulders.
Wagons also hurried to *and fro, loaded
with hoUsehold goods and with the merchandise salvaged.from stores.
Thousands of people ran toward Lake Michigan, thPa Stood neck deep in the
.
wptir to escape the heatand fl'mes.
Others fled toWard.Lincoln Park; formerly
the city cemetery.
Families were separated, so husbands and wives
even parents
,
.
.
and their children --.had no idea where they could find one another.
Many feiared
their relatives 'were dead.
,
The fire burned itself out after reaching the northern city limits oil. Monday
4ght.
A cold rain started at. about midnight, and it helped extinguish the remaining
Almost nothing,survived:
Iron railings melted.
Lamp posts drooped. Walls
crumbled into heaps of rubbish.
Wi:tnessee said that even brick and store buildings
melted in the terrible heat, 4nd a Chicago paper reported that marble buildings
4
"were burned to quicklime, crumbled, fell,,and disappeared as th
.gh they Were
the mere toys of children."
AnOther source said the intense heat "melted down
five-story brick and stolibuildings in five minul6s,
Other witnesses
said the interiors of brick and stone buildings burned, and'that the buildings'
'calls crackA or collapsed, but never melted.
.
The fire swept over 2,100 acres:
an area .4 miles long and 1 milchwide.
It
lestroyed 17,500 of the city's 60,000 buildings.
About 100,000 people (one-third
A the population) were homeless.
The damage totalled nearly $2b0 million.
BEST COPY AVAILAbLi


=== PDF page 8 ===
ti
Chicago's e
d
The fire destroyed every newspaper office in Chicago;
O'Leary-6
.
At first, the city's business distrlit had seemed safe.
The fire started
a Aong way away, and many downtown buildings -- including the four-story,Tril
'--...
Building
were supposed to be fireproof.
Buildings directly Nvosite the
e
Tribune puilding later burst into flats*, and the flames seeped under the.
/
wooden pavement and sidewalk, igniting a barbershop in its basement.
Employees
extinguished those flames, then returned to work.
4
The Tribune's employees were determined to publish a .paper that day.
When
the city's gat tains burst, depriving them of light, they burned candles,
When
the city's water mains broke, they were forced to give up.
They needed water
for a.steam engine that powered The Tribune's presses.
Later, a theater wall
collapsed against the Tribune Building, tearing it open to the flames.
Joseph Medill, The Tribune's editor, immediately bought a stall printing
plant that escaped the flames, then ordered a press from Baltimore.
Within
hours, the priss was on its ways.
s
O
Another Chicago paper. the ,Evening Post, published an extra edition that
Monday and,,on Tuesday, reported that the fire had started in a small barn.
The.
c
/Post commented, "How those flames originated we do not know, though
has it
that they were the result of incendiarism, and also that they sprang from
carelessly used pipe or cigar.!'12
The Chicago Tribune's reporters and editors returned to. work on Wednesday,
and their first story about the fire reported, "At 4:30 a small cow -barn
to a house on the corner of DeKoven and Jefferson, streets, one block north of
Twelfth Street, emitted a bright light, followed' by a blaze, and in a moment
the building was hopelessly on fire."13
The publisher of another Chicigo newspaper considered retiring.
Wilbur
Storey, publisher of The Chicago Times, reportedly exclaimed:
"The Times is
BEST COPY AVAILABLE
t


=== PDF page 9 ===
/
O'Leary-7,
.
destroyed.
Chicago is destroyed.
Iiam an old man."114 But Storey was only 52
.
years old, and his employees urged.him tc rebuild.
Alp, Storey remembered some
old type he had left in a barn.'
The Chicago Times resumed publication on Oct. 18 -- eight dayd later than
its competitors-- and received ajflood of advertisements from businessmp anxious.
to announce-their new locations Within fiye weeks,Storey earned a'profit of
-
14,000
and hisnenehusiasm returned.
The Chicago Times immediately published a long story about the fire's origin
and progress.
Al. reporter named Franc Wilkie wrote the story "with * bland disregard
.
for facts..... "15
Much. of his story 'was obviously fraudulent.
Wilkie reported that, "Flames were discovered in a small stable in the rear
of the house on the corner of DeKoven and Jefferion streets."
Wilkie added. that an
old Irish woman.living in the.house had been a welfare recipient for many years; and
that:.
"Her very appearance indicated great poverty.. She was apparently about 70
years of age, and was bent almost double with the weight from many years of toil,
and trouble, and privation.
He
dress corresponded with her demands, being
ragged and dirty in the extreme.16
1
Wilke's story added that Mrs. O'Leary had applied for welfare, and that the
county always -gave it to her -- until learning that she owned a, cow and sold its
milk.
Infuriated when the county stopped her. payments, Mrs. O'Leary "swore she
would bring revenge on a city that woulc deny her a bit of wood or a pound of
`bacon."
In fairness to Mrs. O'Leary, The Clitnes declared that it would also
present her side of the story.
But her story was even moreo,fradulent.
The
'imes claimed that one of its reporters found Mrs. O'Leary "sitting on the front
.steps of her house...bent forward, and her head resting on her hand...
She was
rocking.tVInd fro, moaning and groaning, and crying aloud after the manner of
her country-women toselt in great trouble.
At first. she refused to speak one
BES1 COPY AVAILABLE
.0


=== PDF page 10 ===
I ,
O'Leary -8
r
word about the,fire, but only screamed at the top of her voicc, 'My poor cow.
My poor cow.'"
The Times. continued:
"On Sun
night, about 91.1 o'clock, she took a lamp
in her hand ansi went out to have a look at her pet.
Then she took a notion the
cow must have some salt, and she sat down the. lamp and went in the house for
some.
In a lipment, the cow had accidentally kicked .over the lamp, an explosion
followed, Jnd in an instant the structure was involved in flames."*17
C,
7
During an interview for another. Chicago paper, Mrs. O'Leary complained
that the story in Th
Times was a lie.181kThe second interview (reprinted on
the following page) seems genuine.
The interview appeared in The Journal, and
the statements attributed rho Mr's. 0!Leary seem accurate, except for her description
of a stranger suspected of causing the fire.
Other sources never mention the
stranger.
Curiously, a New York'daily had published a similar story five days earlier.
On Oct. 13, The (New York) World reported th4.- Mrs. O'Leary was a welfare
recipient
and that the county had cut off her payments after learning that she owned six cows.
The World added:
"She was in the habit of visiting her cows every evening.
On
Saturday right she took the lamp in her hand and vent out in the barn.
Then .she
wanted some salt from the house, and she sat the lamp down to go after it. A
moment later and tle barn was in
flames."19,
There may be e. logical explanation for the stories' similarities.
Repobters
in the West often supplemented their incomes by working as correspondents for
newspapers in the East, and Wilkie may have written' the story that appeared in
The World.
hen his regular employer --7111211511LIIE12-- finally resumed
*Copies of The Chicago Times are available on microfilm, but portions of
its story about the fire are virtually, enreadable.
Persons using A
magnifying glass can decipher most of the words but must guess at or
omit some.
As a consequence, accounts of the story quoted or
reprinted elsewhere are likely to contain alight variations.
10
BEST COPY AVAILABLE


=== PDF page 11 ===
Interview Published In The ,Chisaciournal.
REPORTER!
Are yo .the lady of the house?
MRS. LEARY: X am, sir.
REPORTER:
Have you lived here long?
MRS LEARY:
Going on five years.
REPORTER:
Do you own this place?
.
MRS.. LEARY:
I do.
REPORTER:
-Dtd the fire start in your barn?
MRS. LEARY:
It did.
,
REPORTER:
What was in it?
MRS. LrARYr- Five'cam, a horse, ad about two tons of
REMTER:
Is your husband an .expressman?
hay in the loft.
I
O'Leary-5
MRS. LEARY:
Indade, he is not.
We all knocked our living out of those five
blessed cows, and I never hada cint from the parish in all my lifq, and the
dirty Times had no Waimea to say it, bad Bess to it.
REPORTER: How about that kerosene-lamp story?
MRS. LEARY:
There vin not a word of truth in the whole story.
I always
milked my dow cows by daylight, and, never had a lamp of any kind or a candle
about the barn.
It must have been set afire.
Two neighbors at the far end of
tha alley saw a strange man come up about half-vat 9 in the evening.
He asked
them was the alley straight through.
They told him it was, and he went through.
It was not five minutes till they saw the barn on fire.
Before we had time to'
get out the horse or any of the cows it was all gone, and the fire was rurning
1
In every direction.
The boys turned to and saved. the house.
I hope to die if
this isn't every word of it true.
If you was a priest, I wouldn't tell it any
different.
11
BEST COPY AVAILABLE
a


=== PDF page 12 ===
0 Leary...1u
.
,t
publication on Oct.. 18, Wilkie may have included the same '!facts" in the first
story be wrote for it.
T 1 t
.1 The Nation
The Chicago firs excited the'nation.
The Milwaukee Sentinel estimated that
6,000 to 7,000 people gathered. at the train depot there to greet.friends and
.
relatives fleeing Chicago.
People also wanted to.talk with ihdiyianals:who had
witnessed the fire.
Editors in New York placed bulletin boards outside their
offttes and posted the latest news pa them., Illousands of people pressed 'around
the bulletin boards, wandering from one office to another.
The first bulletins reported that Chicago was
doomed.
Then tension mounted.
because the bulletins stopped.
At 7 a.m. Tuesday, The AssOciated'Presa reported
that it had not received any information from Chicago for more than 1.2;hours.
Typically, The Atlanta Constitutio
published a brief storyabodt the fire
on Monday, then added, "It will be almost impossible to get any reliable detailed
particulars for some time...."
Two days later, pie Atlanta Constitution eomplaireed
that, details were still difficult to obtain.
It explained thit.flames had forced
telegraph operators to abandon the Western Union offices in Chicago.
By Wednesday, the fire had been extinguished.
But The Atlanta Constitution
declared:
"The whole city is threatened.
The panic is increasing."
Its story,
obviously several days old, continued,'"It is reported that all hope of saving the'
eity has been given up -- that it is doomed. "2°
Newspapers' style of writing added to the confSsion.
'Newupapers received
doiens of short bulletins about the
bulletins in chronological order.
fire, and most newspapers publiihed the
They began by reporting the .firet bulletins,
so a single column miel contain 10 or 15, including some that were old,
mistaken, and inconsistent.
BEST COPY AVAIOBLL
12


=== PDF page 13 ===
0°Leary-11
The New York Timet employed its own correspondent in Chicago, and a bulletin
it received at 2:10 a.m. Monday warned, "The flames are raging with increased fury
in every direction, and God.'s mercy can,only save the city from I:tter destruction."21
Tht Times' correspondent may have risked his life to transmit the bulletin.
He
explained:
"a raging, roariag hell of fire envelopes 20 blocks of the city.
It
is alreadywithin a block of the telegraph office where this dispatch is written,
weeping onward a 'whirlwintOf flames against which human efforts are pnwerlese,
and it is impossible to tell where it will atop."
'On'Tuesday, The Milwaukee Sentinel blamed Mrs. O'Leary's cow' for the fire.
A front-page story reported, "The fire broke out on the corner of DeKoven and
Twelfth streets, at.about 9 o'clock on Sunday evening, being rused by a cow
kicking over a lamp in a stable in which a woman was milking."22
,Sy 1871, The Associated Press had begun to telegraph news stories to hundreds
of newspapers.
As a result, identical stories
(and errors) appeared in many of
them.
For example:
both The Milwaukee Sentinel and The New "ark Times reported
that Chicago was anl'indescLibable scene of terror and deva
tion," and that,
"Almost everybody -- men, WOMEap aTf children -- are in the streets, and the
weeping and wailing are hears in every direction."
Similarly, an "Extia" published that Monday afternoon by The Daily Picayune
in New Orleans reported that flames threatened tc
destroy Chicago.
On Tuesday,
TtelpAily_tklamaa declared, "All is terror."
Three-fourths of the city was
destroyed, 150,000 people were homeless, and the flames were out of control.
Inconsistently, another bulletin on the same page reported that the
fire was
under control.
On Wednesday, TtlipALLLELEmat announced:
"The origin of the fire was in
a stable where a woman, with a kerosene lamp, went to milk a cow."22. A later
bulletin disagreed; it insisted, "Late on Sunday, a boy went into a stable, on
DeKaven Street, near the river, on the West Side, to milk a cow, carrying with
1 3
BEST COPY AVAILABLE


=== PDF page 14 ===
I
J
O'Leary -1
him a kerosene lamp, which was kicked over by the cow, and the burning fluid
.scattered among the straw.
This was the beginning of the fires"
Thv story
added that firemen arrived slowly and,
"stupefied by the exertions At the fire
on Satin-day night, worked slowly and clumsily. 24
0
'In Louisville, Ky. , The Courier-Journal
reported:
"A boy we
into a stable
on DsKeen Street near the river, on
East Side, to milk a cow, carrying with him
a' kerosene lamp; this was kicked over by the cow, and the burning fluid scattered
among the straw.
This was the beginning of the great
fire."25
The Nevi Yoik Times
published a similar story and explained that it hpd been "especially prepared
for The Associated Press by those who witnessed and fought the flames."26
The/following Sunday, The Daily Picayune reported two new theories.
First,
boys playing with matches might have started the
fire.
Second, a gentleman'
positively asserted that the fire was started by
"the'explosion of a coal
ree
oil lamp."27
In addition to describing the fire, newspapers also described and encouraged
efforts to help the survivors.
Editorials called the fire "a national misfortune"
and urged Americans everywhere to contribute 'EstirteY and supplies.
A few newspapers in the South were less charitable.
ARaper in Rushville,
Ind., said the fire helped compensate for the North's destruction of the South
during the Civil War.
Its story continued:
"It was far different when Sherman's
army desolated and destroyed the fairest region of the South, robbing and
plundering, and burning as they went, leaving the people to starve; or, when
Sheridan, a monster of cruelty, overran and destroyed the valley of Virginia...."28
The Rushville paper also complained that Northern raids during the Civil
War had destroyed more property and killed more people than the Chicago fire,
yet Northerners had rejoiced when they heard the news.
14
BEST COM AVAILAba


=== PDF page 15 ===
News Of "Atrocities"
4
,
Every newspaper that reported the fire published some stories thli were
exaggerated AT inaccurate.
But some newspapers published more than others.
The
most semational and inaccurate Atories seemed to appear in the Amualltilx
Evening Transcript and in Itlimmilyisliyalit.
The. Boston Daily msklummulas estimated that 500persons burned to death
and that hundred's more were trampled in the rush to escape.29
The Evening Transcript
added that some firemen had died, that a wagon full of bodies had been driven through
Chicago's
reets, that arsonist were setting new fires in Chicago, and that, "Seven
-or eight have been hung or shot at sight."3°
On Wednesday, the Evening_rranscript reported, "Two fiends caught in the
act of firihg a house on the West Side were arrested and immediately hung to lamp
posts -- one ofFifteenth Street, near the river, and the other, 3 miles away, on
Claiborne Avenue, North Side."31,
The
ILJEveninlImualpILE most sensational story reported that 70 convicts
died in a Chicago prison.
The story explained:
"A large numberof people gathered
about the building and clamored for the turnkey to release the prisoners., He showed
himself and said the building was perfectly fire -= proof, and no harm could result
to the. confined, and he'should not release the convicts.
Soon the building was
enveloped in flames."32
Other sources said all the prisoners escaped.
One of, the.-;sources explained
that Chicago's mayor established his cc wand post in the courthouse and "ordered
.
the jail prisoners released."33
The second source agreed that 150 prisoners were
4.
released from cells in the courthouse basement -- but complained that they looted
a nearby jewelry_store.
The (New York)' World seemed to give all the information it received to its
most imaginative edito
.
He combined the information in a single story and used
his imagination to fill
n the gaps.
0
BEST COPY AVAILABLE


=== PDF page 16 ===
O'Leary-14
The World reported that Chicago had disappeared into a sea of fire.
That
lit'tle children "whimpered with terror."
That half-naked women were running and
screaming through the city's streets.
And that, "Those who were strongest and
mosts,cowardly knocked the others down in their delirium; men, women, and children
were'trampled upon briuman hordes that fled without reason hither and thither,
uttering the most pitiful groans and, cries of distress."34
,
,
The War
added that arson, rape, and even murder were common;
thus, "it
was found nee
sexy to form vigilance' committees who promptly disposed of the
culprits...."
The World claimed that even the soldiers guarding Chicago refused
to wrest crim..nali.
Instead, soldiers. "shot the..: on the spot."
-
Other newspapers exaggerated the number of dead.
Some newspapers reported
that searcher& found 120 iodies in the ashes.
Others reported that searchers
found 250 bodies.
Still others estimated that 1,500 people died in the flames.35
lk
Newspapers reported dozen of other horror stories.
Some may be true, but
most seem exaggerated, or even totally fictitious.
For example:
e'r
thr
(London
Times reported that
ecrowds of starving people
tened a riot. "36
*The Daily Picayune reported, "Rooms which rented last week
for $50 now command $5000."
4
*The Milwaukee Sentinel reported that a gentleman offered $5
for a drink of water but was unable to obtain it.'
*The Milwaukee Sentinel also reported that thieves blew open
safes in the ruins, and that other scoundrels set new fires
to hide their crimes.37
*The Bostpa_Raily_Eveniiig Transcript repo)ted: that some persons
jumped from, upper. windows, and that parents tied theiribabies
into beds, then threw the beds out windows.38
/
,-
*The Courier-Journal reported:
"On Chicago Avenue, a father
rushed upstairs to carry three children away, when he' was
overtaken with the flames and perished with them.
The mother
was afterward seen on the streets, on the North and West
sides, a raving mauiac."39
1
BEST COPY AVAILABLE
4
6


=== PDF page 17 ===
4
4.
A
O'Leary-15
.
There was some looting and considerable drunkenness in Chidigo that week.
.
.Saloon keepers rolled barrels of alcohol into
streets in an effort to, save
them, and people helped themselves:
Also, criminata\ooted abandoned homes and
stores, and some teamsters demanded exorbitant fees from people anxious to mava
.4
their belong..:ngs.
But the number of crimes and the number'of criminals killed
by mobs was greatly exaggerated.
Gen. Philip H. Sheridan commanded the military district that incluped Chicago,
and Sheridan immediate/'y dispatched soldiers from Fort Omaha and supplies from an
Army deiot in Indiana.
On Oct. 12, Sheridan reported to Chicago's mayor:
"I am
F
happy to state that no Case of outbreak or disorder has been
re111ported.
No
authenticated attempt at incendiarism has reached me, and the people of the
ctty are calm, quiet, and well - disposed."
Despite Sheridan's statement, the rumors continued.
On Oct. 17, he again
reported:
"There has been no case of violence since the disaster of Sunday night
0
and Monday morning.
The reports in the public press of violence and disorder
here are without the slightest foundation.
There has not (keen a single case
of arson, hanging, or shooting -- not even a case ofriot or street-fight.""
The Nevi York Times agreed.
It reported:
"The c
s still disoiganizsd
d of attempted
but not disorderly.
The stories which have been teleg
incendiarism and lynchings are pronounced by .Gen. Sheri an to be fabrications,
and no subst'antiated cases of such outrageAcan be found."41
fi
Why were so many stories about the fire so sensational and inaccurate?
No single source knew the entire story.
Instead, reporters had to piece
.
the story together, obtaining some details from one source, other details from
a second source, and additional details from several other source°.
Many of the
0
sources were tired, frightened, and confused.
Under the circumstances, some'
exaggerations and rumors were inevitable.
17
BEST COPY AVAILABLE


=== PDF page 18 ===
O'Leary-16
Itorlover, journalists had no, way of determining which details were true and
which were false.
Even the most inaccurate details may have seemed true because
they were provided by normally reliable sources or because they contained familiar
fumes or ,other specific detaili.
To reduce its telegraph bills,' The Astociated.Press seems to have trarksmitted
skeletonized stories that contained only a few key words.
Some editOrs published
.
the skeletonized atories, Others tried to fill in the missing words'-- or combined
and rewrote arll the information thekreceived.
So,hundreds of newspapers received
\ identical bulletinst but the stories they published rarely remained identical.
1
The punctuation, the wording, even some "fac
" changed.
Betause of typographical
errors, so did many., spellings.
Despite the problems, Americans hid to rely upon their local newspapers.
People, in ()rt. cities ware unable to see and judge the scene for themselves.
They received no picture magazines.
No newsreels.
No radio.
No television.
Moreover, historians have been unable to find a single photograph taken during
the fire.
Some photographs may have been lost Or destroyed.
Or, using the
4
primitive techniques available at that time,,it may, have been too difficult
(and dangerous) to photograph the bright flames, particularly at night.
Sate sketches and paintings drawn after the flames were extinguished portray
Mrs. O'Leary as a witch,-surrounded by rats and black cats.
Others portray her
as a devil, with horns and .a tail.
A Communist Plot?
On Oct. 23, The ChicleTimea published-a story so bizarre that the newspaper's
own editors admitted that it might be false.. the story claimed that Communists
started the fire.
Tho! Chicago Times said it had received a complete confession
frOm one of the conspirators but published his confessibn "without the expression
of any opinion as to its.authenticity. '142
BEST COPY AVAILABLE


=== PDF page 19 ===
O'Leary-17
ti
`The conspirator saidthe was a member of The Societe Internationale, and that
two Communists from Parts helped him establish a branch in Chicago.
They wanted
.
to promote Communistic sentiments among the masses in Chicago:
"to elevate
T
workingmen to the ;evei of t1
rich" so everyone would "enjoy equal benefits,
and poverty, would'b'e unknown."
For two mohths,-the society tried to stir up trouble between the city's
labof44 and their employers.
After failing, one of the conspirators suggested
burning the city's busineLs district.
:3
On Sept. 3Q, they ignited awarehouse.and hoped the flames Would spread to
a row of wooden buildings
A sudder change-in the wind foiled their plans.
Ob
Oct. 7 (Saturday night), they started another fire "and for a fpw hours all
seemed to be working well."
Then one or
''wes of the group's petrd;eum mines
failed to explcide, saving the city from destruction.
On Sunday, they ignited a half dozen new mines.
When flames reached the
Chicago River, they set off more mines on the opposite side.
Parts of the city
might have escaped, but their colleagues were everywhere.
One, pretending to save
some household goods, rushed inside an abandoned building.
Moments later, "The
xgar,of the building became e mass of flame, and a gust of wind carried it
eastward....over the district that had thus far been spared: thus completing
the universal ruin."
The fird became larger and more destructive than planned, but the conspisTors
were dissatisfied.
Too many bu!ldingfi. survived.
Also, the fire crippled their
organization. 'The two men from Paris died in the flames.
Seven conspirators also
died, and-two others were crippled for life.
The author added that he would be
killed for violating the society's oath of secrecy.
Wh'y did The Chicago Times publish the story?
It was an exclusive and
d T
of its reporters may have written the story.
Or, sbmeone may have given it
sensational story, an
Chicago Times was a sensational newspaper.
One
to a reporter, Insi'ting that it was true.
1.9
BEST COPY AVAILABLE
.


=== PDF page 20 ===
--J
O'Leary-1S
Witnesses Exonerate:The
O'Leary 211
On Nov. 15,
complained that the city's Board of
Police
and fire Commissioners failet in its duty to investigate and to report on the
causes and progress of the-fire.
So The Tribune started its cwn
investigation.
It began by sending a reporter to interview the fire marshal and his assistants,
. then published the results.
Nine days later, the Board of Police and Fire
Commissioners announced that it would investigate the fire.
One of its first
witnesses was Catharine O'Leary.
Earlier, The Chicago Times described Mts.
O'Leary as a 70-year-old hag.
During the November hearings, The Times reported that Mrs. O'Leary appeared
before the board with a baby in her arms.
it.added, "She is a tall, stout,
Irish woman, with no intelligence, and acted as if she believed the city
wanted her to pay every 'cent of the losses created by the
fire."43
Mrs,. O'Leary testified that she, her husband, and all their children were
in
bed when the fire started.
She added that the McLaughlins
who rented the front
half of their home, had a party that night.
Mr&..O'Leary did not know how many
persons attended the party, nor who they were, nor when they left.
None of her
family attended.
After the fire, a neighbor told Mrs.
O'Leary that a guest at
the, party had gone to the barn to get some milk and carried a lantern.
HoWevir,
.
Mrs; O'Leary said she had not seen anyone and could not swear
the story was true.
Catharine Sullivan, a neighbor on DeKoven Street, testified that she had been
washing dishes and noticed a bright reflection oh her window panes.
Running into
the street, she saw the O'Leary's barn on fire.
She beard that the O'Learys were
asleep and that the McLaughlina were having a party, but could not swear.it was
true.
On Nov. 23, Catharine McLaughlin testified that five young men and two women,
in'luding a relative who had just arrived froM Ireland, were at her house that
night.
Her husband played two tunes on his fiddle, but there was little dancing.
BEST COPY AVAILABLE.
20
4'


=== PDF page 21 ===
.
.,
..
O'Leary-19
,
eta
Mrs.
that she
However,
McLaughlin insisted th,t shelled not started her stove that night,
had not cooked anything,
that she had not even served any food..
..someone may have gone out once
or twice for e,:me beer.
Mrs. McLaughlin added that she ',turd someone scry "Fire,".then looked.cutsidk
and saw the O'Leary's barn in
flames.
Her guests were still in the house.
None
had gone out to get milk for a punch because she never served punch.
The Chicago Times described Patrick O'Leary as a fast talker and "a stupid
looking type of man" who could not read or write.\.O'Leary testified that he had
not been in the barn that day or night; his wife and daughter cared for the family's.
cows.
O'Leary added that his wife had gone to bed at,about 8 p.m., and he followed
0
her half an hour later.
When awakened, O'Leary put their children into the street,
then climbed onto the roof and threw ,crater on it until after it a.m.
Other witneses said the O'Leary's home began to smoulder,' and the rear of
/MO
the home caught fire several times during the,next few hours.
But each time they
extinguished the flames, helped by neighbors and by guests from MtLauehlin's
party.
One of the next witnesses was Daniel "Peg Leg" Sullivan,* a neighbor with a
wooden leg.
Sullivan said he had gone to,the O'Leary's home at about P p.m., and
that Mrs. O'Leary was already in bed.
He was told that she,had hurt her foet6
a
and it ached.
After a short visit, Sullivan started for home.
He stopped to
fill his pipe, then sat on a curb to enjoy it.
As he sat directly opposite the
O'Leary's, Sullivan noticed flames in their barn.
He hobbled across the acreet,
crying "Fire" as loudly as he could.,-The barn door was open; and he ran inside,
tried to cut loose the horse and cows, but saved only a half-burned calf.
Sullivan and another witness also testified that they saw Patrick and
Catharine O'Leary come outside after being awakened by the clamor.
Sullivan
*Some newspapers spelled his name "Danile."
Others said it was
"Dennis" or "newts," spelled with only one "n."
Similarly, some
newspapers spelled Mrs. O'Leary's name "Catherine," with two "e's."
21
EST COPY AVAILABLE


=== PDF page 22 ===
d.
0' Leary -20
added that he. had not seen anyone leave the McLaughlin's party
60
but would have
noticed anyone who had.
On Dec. 11, the Board of plice and Fire Commissfbners issued its report.
It had heard 51 witnesses and had taken more than 900 pages of sworn testimony.
The board concluded that the fire started in the OtLeary's barn and that, "The
fire was first discovered by a drayman by the name of Daniel Sullivan, who saw
it while sitting. on the sidewalk on the south side of DeKoven Street, and nearly
opposite O'Leary's premises."
Sullivan fixed the time at between 9:20 and
9:25 p.m.
However, the board was unable to.determint what'eaused the fire.
It exp)ained,:,
"There is no proof that Any persons had been in the barn after nightfall that 'evening.
Whether it 'originated from a spdrk blown from a chimney on that windy night, or was
r
set on fire by 'human agency, we are unable.to determine.
Mr. O'Leary, the owner,
and all
all his family, prove to have'been in bed and asleep at the time.
There was
a small party in the front part of O'Leary's house, whi..a was occupied by Mt.
McLaughlin and wife.
But we failed to find any ividence that anybody from
McLaughlin's part of the house went near the barn that night."44
Why had.the fire spread so quickly?
The board concluded thatthe first fire engine arrived 10 or 15 minutes after
Sullivan. discovered the fire.
By then, three to five ;luildinas were in flexes, and
strong winds carried.the flames to other buildings.
Moreover; at least four of
the district's best fire engines were sent to the.wrong address.
The board calculated that'the fire burned offer 2,150 acres, and that 117
bodies were found in the ruins.
Finally, the board also concludel:
"The fire-
men and their officers were sober, and did all that mmn could do.
They worked
heroically to have the property of others when their own houses were burning and
their families fleeing from the flames.
Many had worked 18 hours Saturday night
and were nearly exhausted when this fire started."
22
BEST COPY AVAILABLE


=== PDF page 23 ===
O'Leary-21
Thus, no one disputed the fact that
the O'Learys were in bed when the fire
started.. 'Common sense also exonerates Mrs. O'Leary.
If Mrs. O'Learytrad gotten
out of bed and gone to the barn, Sullivan would'have seen her.
And if she had
started the fire, 6sha almost certainly would have called for help.
The five cows
in the barn helped support her family.
Because of'their value, Mrs. .O'Leary was
unlikely to star a fire, then quietly return to bed:
without calling for help,
without trying to save the cows, without trying to extinguish the flames.
She had, nothing to gain... None of the
O'Leary's property leas'insured.
And,
t the moment the fire .started, she could not have known that it would spread
to any other buildings.
.
.
What Really Caused The Fire?
By Oct. 27, ThaShi...2.1a:__Iribune reported, "here have been not less than 900
causes assigned for the Chicago' onflagration." Most people blamed "the wrath,
of God" but disagreed about why God was mad at Chicago.45 Anethodist minister
suggested it was 'because Chicago's voters had.eiproved some new liquor laws.
i
A Wisconsin reformer named Ignatius Donnelly offered the most unusual theory.
DonneT explained that a comet had passed over the Midwest thousands of years
earlier and had created new, flammable elements in the\so41.
Other persons
42sist(J that the houses in Chicago had been built of
_...westone that
contained oil, and that the oil ignited.
The most popular theories involved an angry cow.
People explained that
if
someone disturbed the cow several hours past
its nrmal milking time. and that
the angry cow kicked over a kerosene lamp.
But who disturbed the cow?
There
were several suspects:
*Despite her testimony, perhaps Catharine O'Leary had gore to the
barn to care for a sick cow or to get some milk for a customer.
BEST COPY AVAiotbi.l.


=== PDF page 24 ===
O'Leary-z2
or
*Or, Patrick O'Leary had gone to the barn bOcause his. wife refused
to cook his supper untilte stalked the cow.,
"Then he, in a fit of
temper, gave the cow a kick...then the cow kicked at O'Llary but
hit the lamp, .and that started the fire....r46
a
*Or, Patrick O'Leary hadxue home later than usual sad put'off the
milking until After he ate.
He took a lamp and pail out to the
barn "and wag getting along all right until the cow switched her
tail around his face, nearly blinding himptcausing him to boot
the lamp over; thus setting fire to the hay before he could
stop it."47
*Or, someone at the McLaughlin.'s.party bad slipped into the barn,
to get fresh milk for a punch or oyster stew.
*Or, a group of young men who had been playing cards tried to
get some milk.
Five other theories were almost as popular:
*Tramps sleeping in the barn started the fire
*Or, young 'boys enjoying a pipe o
s'sr cigar started the fire.
*Or, sAntaneous combustion started the fire in the hayloft.
*Or, an adult had stepped into the open barn to.fight a pipe or cigar
while sheltered from the strong wind, and he started the fire.
*Or, three men trying out a new terrier had been chasing rats in the
O'Leary's barn, and one of them dropped a lighted match.
One of the O'Lear:,'s eons, Big Jim O'Leary, became a famous gambler and
politician.
Big Jim O'Leary admitted that the fire started in his family's barn.
But O'Leary blamed tramps or neighborhood boys who were Smoking.
O'Leary. said
his mother blamed a neighboes,carelessness (probably the McLaughlin's).
A Reporter's Hoax?
Five sources, all apparently reliable, say a newspaper reporter created
the story about Mrs. O'Leary's cow.
41
.
),., John McPhaul, author of one of the best books about Chicago journalism,
explains, "The legend of. Mrs. O'Leary had its start the night of the fire."
According to McPhaul, a correspondent for The (New York.) Hrald wrote a story
24
BEST COPY AVAILABLE


=== PDF page 25 ===
r
O'Leary-23
that quoted Mrs. O'Leary. His story insisted that "she had gone to the shed to
give salt to an ailing cow, and the animal had kicked over .a kerosene lamp, 48
A.book about The Chicago Tribune agrees that, "The correspondent of The
Herald said the fire began when Mrs. O'Leary went out to milk her cow, whicA h
kicked over a Lantern. "49
Similarly, a third source declares that the.fire
started in Mrs. O'Leary's cowshed "several hours after she had milked the cow,
which, according to a reporter's fabrication that gaifled universal acceptance,
4
kicked over a kerosene lamp."50
The fourth source identifies the reporter:
Michael Ahern.
Moreover, it
adds that Ahern "admitted that he made up the whole story to add color to.his
account gf the fire."51
fifth source provides, a.slightly different account.
It states:
"The
last survivor of the group which reported the Chicago fire of 1871 admitted,
.
shortly before his death, that Mrs. O'Leary's cow had not kicked over the
lantern.
The fire had started from spontaneous combustion in a hayloft,'hut
a fretful Bossie seemed to the reporters a more picturesque origin of the
disaster."52
The fifth account suggests that several reporters,' not Ahern
alone, helped create the story.
Despite the claims, The Herald seems to have been one of the lait newspapers
to mention Mrs. IO'Leary's cow, not the first.
On Monday,.The Herald
reported,
"The fire started in a row of two-story wooden tenements on Deckoven Street."53
Its story was skimpy, probably because -the fire destroyed the telegraph lines
leading into Chicago.
Because the lineaiwere destroyed, it would have been
difficult, perhaps impfssihle, for Ahern to transmit'his story to The Herald
that night.
The Herald did not mention a cow until Wednesday.
Even then, it failed to
mention Mrs. O'Leary.
Instead, The Herald reported that the fire started when
L`&ter
boy went to a stable to milk his cow.
L'ater on the same page, The Herald
25
BEST COPY AVAILAiki


=== PDF page 26 ===
reported for a second time
with him a,kerosene lamp.
scattered among the straw.
O'Leary-24
'that a boy went into a stable ',',,to 'milk a cow, carrying
This was kicked over by 'the cow, and the burrang'fluid
Tiiia was the 'beginning of the giea$, fire. "54
That story, like. most of the others pUblished by The Herald, seems to' have
been provided by ThesAssociated Prase, not by its own correspondent in Chicago.
The Evening Journal was published in Chicago that Monday, and it immediately
reported that, "The fire broke out...at about 9 o'clock on Sunday evening,
eing
,
,
caused by a cow kicking,over a lamp in a stable in which a woman was milking."
Its story -- not a story in .The Herald -- *seems to have been the first to mention
Mrs.'O'Leary's cow.55
newspapers in other cities began to publish similar stories that Tuesday.
Some admitted copying the EzElka.almal.56
Also, the reporteri in Chicago
undoubtedly knew and often saw one another.
During the fire, they may have met
in the telegraph office (or at a popular'saloon).
Several reporters may have
heard a picturesquesrumor, started by someone else, and all those reporters may
have included it in their stories. A0r, Michae
Ahern may have worked for the
Evening Journal, or for some other Chicago daily, and supplemented his income
by serving as'a correspondent for a New York daily.
If so, Ahern may have
submitted
s story to the Chicago paper before transmitting it to New.York.
Or, a correspondent for The Associated Press may
e seen the story in\-'1
a Chicago paper, copied it, then transmitted it to hundreds of other papers.
Mistakenly, readers who saw the story in a New York paper may have assumed
that it appeared ,there first.
Regardless of the story's source, it was a fanciful tale.
After it appeared '
in either a Chicago er a New York daily, it was certain to be noticed amt.-copied
by othei. journalists.
And to be believed by millions of Americans.
BEST COPY AVAILABLE


=== PDF page 27 ===
4
Footnotes
lidloyd Wendt, Chica o Tribune:
The Rise Of A Great American Newspaper
(Chicago:
Rand McNally 6 Co., 1979), p. 233.
2Robert Cromie, The Great Chicago Fire (New York:
McGraw-Hill Book Company, Inc.,
1958), P. 9.
3The Great Ch
of 1871:
Three Illustrated Accounts From Harper's Weekly
(Ashland:
Lewis Osborne, 1969), P. 7.
4"That Cow," The Chicago Times, Oct. 23, 1871, p. 3.
5Stephen Longstreet, Chicago 1860-1919 (New York:
David McKay Co. Inc., 1973),
p. 121.-
6Elias Colbert.and Everett Chamberlin, Chicago and the Great Conflagration,
(Cincinnati:
C. F. Vent, 1871), p. 370.
'John R. Chapin, Letter to the editor, Hamer's Weekly., Oct. 28, 1871, reprinted
in t_ytast_nisal, 2nd ed.,
Louis Synder and .Richard Morrie,
eds. Olew York:
Simon and Schuster, 1962), p. 184.
8Robert P. Howard, Illinois:
A Histor
of the Prairie States (Grand Rapids,
Mich.: 'William B. Berdmaus Publ. Co., 1975), p.
348.
9Charles Sanford Diehl, The Staff Correspondent (San Antonio:
Thg Clegg Co.,
1931), p. 61.
°Horace White, "The Great Fire," Cincinnati Commercial, Oct. 11, 1871, reprinted
in A Treasury of Great Reporting, 2nd ed., p.
181.
11Homer Hoyt, One Hundred Years of Land Values in Chicago (New York:
Arno Press,
1970), p. 101.
12"Accounts By Mail," The New York Times, Oct. 13, 1871, p.
1.
13"The West Side," IhschislacLaitHEE, Oct. 11, 1871, p. 1.
14Justin E. Walsh, To Print The News And RaieeHellt (Chapel Hill:
The University
of North Carolina Press, 1968), p. 228.
151bid.
16"The Fire ," The ChicaeIimes, Oct. 18, 1871, p. 1.
171bid.
18Syndqr and Morris, A Treasury of Great RepgEting, 2nd ed., pp. 187-188.
19"The Welcome Rain--Demand for Hotels--Newspaper Enterprise--Depots and Cars
Burned--Origin of the Fire," The World, Oct. 13, 1871, p. 1.
n"Latest Newt! From Chicago," The Atlanta Constitution, Oct. 11, 1871.
2
BEST COPY AVAILABLE


=== PDF page 28 ===
21 "Fires In Chicago," The New York Times, Oct. 8, 1871, p. 1.
O'Leary Footnptes-2
22"The Destruction of Chicago," The Milwaukee Sentinel, Oct. 10, 1871, p. 1.
23"Further Particulars of the Chicago Fire," The Daily Picayune, Oct. 11,
1871, p. 1.
24 Ibid.
25"Worse and Worse," The Courier-Journal, Oct. 11, 1871, p. 1.
26"The Ruined City," The New York Times, Oct. 11, 1871, p. 1.
27"Chicago," The Daily Picayune, Oct. 14, 1871,
p. 3.
28ewhy She Was Turned - A Rebel View," from the RUshville American, reprinted in
Id
ChiCfl 0 111........udtLielreasgsonfla.!ation by Colbert and Chamberlin, pp. 521-522.
29"The Fire Extinguished,"
:DailExyejg21inTra:Bostorlscrit, Oct. 11, 1871.
30Ibid.
31"The Chicago Fire," It§tonDailEveTranscrit, Oct. 11, 1871.
32"Seventy Prisoners Burned To Death,"
on Daily Evening Transcript, Oct. 12,
1871.
33Howard, Illinois:
A History of the Prairie State, p. 348.
34"The Burned City," The World, Oct. 11, 1871,
p. 1.
35Wayne Andrews, Battle for Chicago
(New York:
Harcourt, Brace and Co., 1946),
.3.
58.
36"The Great Fire At Chicago," The Times, Oct. 12, 1871,
p. 5.
37"The Great Conflagration," The Milwaukee Sentinel, Oct. 11, 1871, p. 1.
38"Arrivals From Chicago," Boston Daily_Evening TranActipl, Oct. 11, 1871.
39"Worse and Worse," p. 1.
40The GreatChistig2jire of 1871,
p. 11.
41"The City at Present," The New York Times, Oct.
14, 1871, p.
1.
42"A Startling Story," The_ Chicago Times, Oct. 23,
1871, p. 1.
43"How They Look And Act," The Chicago Times, Dec. 3, 1871, p.
1.
44"Police And Fire," IttjalLegaTribune, Dec. 12,
1871, p. 4.
45" }low It Burned," The Chicago Tribune, Oct. 27, 1871,
p. 2.
46F. E. Coyne, In Reminiscence (Chicago:
privately printed, 1941), p. 5.
23
BEST COPY AVAILABLE


=== PDF page 29 ===
4
O'Leary Footnotes-3
47Tbid.,
p. 6.
48.Iohn McPhaul, Deadlines 6 Monkeyshine (Westport, Conn.:
Greenwood Press,
Publishers, 1962), p. 63.
49Wendt, Chita o Tribune:
The Rise Of A Great American Newspaper, p. 236.
5°2214.1n-'skyilccloedia, Vol. 6 (New York:
Mcmillan Educational Corp., 1979),
pp. 213-214.
51Tom Burnam, The Dictionary of Misinformation (New York:
Thomas Y. Crowell Co.,
1975), p. 161.
52Silas Bent, Ballyhoo (New York:
Boni and Liveright, 1927), pp. 98-99.
53 "Chicago In Flames," New York Herald, Oct: 9, 1871, p.
7.
54"Chicago," New York Herald, Oct. 11, 1871, p. 5.
55B. A. Botkin, Sidewalks Of America
(Indiana/x;(1JB:
The Bobbs-Merrill Publishing
Co., Inc., 1954), p. 197.
56"The Destruction of Chicago," The Milwaukee Sentinel, Oct. 10, 1871, p. 1.
44.S.V1,0
4
BEST COPY AVAILABLE
I
