title: Melanie (part 2 of 4)
author: Nathaniel Parker Willis
date: 1835
source: https://archive.org/details/melanieotherpoem00willuoft (Melanie, and Other Poems, ed. Barry Cornwall, London: Saunders and Otley, 1835; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 123
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

And Melanie, with lips apart.
And clasped hands upon my arm,
Flung open her impassioned heart.
And bless'd life's mere and breathing charm,
And sang old songs, and gather' d flowers,
And passionately bless'd once more life's thrilling hours.
In happiness and idleness
We wandered down yon sunny vale —
Oh mocking eyes! — a golden tress
Floats back upon this summer gale!
A foot is tripping on the grass!
A laugh rings merry in mine ear!
I see a bounding shadow pass! —
O God! my sister once was here!
Come with me, friend! — We rested yon!
There grew a flower she pluck'd and wore
She sat upon this mossy stone! —
That broken fountain running o'er
With the same ring, like silver bells.
She listen'd to its babbling flow,
And said, " Perhaps the gossip tells
Some fountain-nymph's love-story now!"
And as her laugh rang clear and wild,
A youth — a painter — passed and smiled.
He gave the greeting of the morn
With voice that lingered in mine ear.
I knew him sad and gentle born
By those two words so calm and clear.
His frame was slight, his forehead high
And swept by threads of raven hair,
The fire of thought was in his eye,
And he was pale and marble fair,
And Grecian chisel never caught
The soul in those slight features wrought.
I watch'd his graceful step of pride,
Till hidden by yon leaning tree,
And lov'd him ere the echo died;
And so, alas! did Melanie!
We sat and watch'd the fount awhile
In silence, but our thoughts were one;

And then arose, and with a smile
Of sympathy, we saunter'd on;
And she by sudden fits was gay,
And then her laughter died away,
And in this changefulness of mood,
Forgotten now those May-day spells,
We turn'd where Varro's villa stood
And gazing on the Cascatelles,
(Whose hurrying waters wild and white
Seem madden'd as they burst to light)
I chanced to turn my eyes away,
And lo! upon a bank alone,
The youthful painter, sleeping, lay!
His pencils on the grass were thrown,
And by his side a sketch was flung,
And near him as J lightly crept,
To see the picture as he slept,
Upon his feet he lightly sprung;
And gazing with a wild surprise
Upon the face of Melanie,
He said— and dropp'd his earnest eyes —
" Forgive me! but I dream'd of thee!"
His sketch, the while, was in my hand,
And, for the lines I look'd to trace —
A torrent by a palace spann'd,
Half-classic and half fairy-land —
I only found — my sister's face!

Our life was changed. Another love
In its lone woof began to twine;
But ah! the golden thread was wove
Between my sister's heart and mine!
She who had liv'd for me before —
She who had smiled for me alone —
Would live and smile for me no more!
The echo to my heart was gone!
It seemed to me the very skies
Had shone through those averted eyes;
The air had breath'd of balm — the flower
Of radiant beauty seemed to be —
But as she lov'd them, hour by hour,
And murmur'd of that love to me!

Oh, though it be so heavenly high
The selfishness of earth above,
That, of the watchers in the sky,
He sleeps who guards a brother's love —
Though to a sister's present weal
The deep devotion far transcends
The utmost that the soul can feel
For even its own higher ends —.
Though next to God, and more than heaven
For his own sake, he loves her, even —
Tis difficult to see another,
A passing stranger of a day
Who never hath been friend or brother,
Pluck with a look her heart away —
To see the fair, unsullied brow,
Ne'er kiss'd before without a prayer,
Upon a stranger's bosom now,
Who for the boon took little care —
Who is enrich' d, he knows not why —
Who suddenly hath found a treasure
Golconda were too poor to buy,
And he, perhaps, too cold to measure—
(Albeit, in her forgetful dream,
Th' unconscious idol happier seem,)
'Tis difficult at once to crush
The rebel mourner in the breast,
To press the heart to earth and hush
Its bitter jealousy to rest —
And difficult — the eye gets dim,
The lip wants power— to smile on him!
I thank sweet Mary Mother now,
Who gave me strength those pangs to hide,
And touch'd mine eyes and lit my brow
With sunshine that my heart belied.
I never spoke of wealth or race
To one who ask'd so much from me —
I looked but in my sister's face,
And mus'd if she would happier be;
And hour by hour, and day by day,
I lov'd the gentle painter more,
And in the same soft measure wore
My selfish jealousy away;
