title: Melanie (part 3 of 4)
author: Nathaniel Parker Willis
date: 1835
source: https://archive.org/details/melanieotherpoem00willuoft (Melanie, and Other Poems, ed. Barry Cornwall, London: Saunders and Otley, 1835; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 115
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

And I began to watch his mood,
And feel with her love's trembling care,
And bade God bless him as he woo'd
That loving girl so fond and fair,
And on my mind would sometimes press
A fear that she might love him less.
But Melanie — I little dream'd
What spells the stirring heart may move —
Pygmalion's statue never seem'd
More changed with life, than she with love.
The pearl tint of the early dawn
Flush'd into day-spring's rosy hue —
The meek, moss-folded bud of morn
Flung open to the light and dew —
The first and half-seen star of even
Wax'd clear amid the deepening heaven —
Similitudes perchance may be,
But these are changes oftener seen,
And do not image half to me
My sister's change of face and mien.
'Twas written in her very air
That Love had passed and enter'd there.

A calm and lovely paradise
Is Italy, for minds at ease.
The sadness of its sunny skies
Weighs not upon the lives of these.
The ruin'd aisle, the crumbling fane,
The broken column, vast and prone,
It may be joy — it may be pain —
Amid such wrecks to walk alone!
The saddest man will sadder be,
The gentlest lover gentler there,
As if, whate'er the spirit's key,
It strengthened in that solemn air.
The heart soon grows to mournful things,
And Italy has not a breeze
But comes on melancholy wings;
And even her majestic trees

Stand ghost-like in the Caesar's home,
As if their conscious roots were set
In the old graves of giant Rome,
And drew their sap all kingly yet!
And every stone your feet beneath
Is broken from some mighty thought,
And sculptures in the dust still breathe
The fire with which their lines were wrought,
And sunder' d arch, and plunder'd tomb
Still thunder back the echo, " Rome! "
Yet gaily o'er Egeria's fount
The ivy flings its emerald veil,
And flowers grow fair on Numa's mount,
And light-sprung arches span the dale,
And soft, from Caracalla's Baths,
The herdsman's song comes down the breeze,
While climb his goats the giddy paths
To grass-grown architrave and frieze:
And gracefully Albano's hill
Curves into the horizon's line,
And sweetly sings that classic rill,
And fairly stands that nameless shrine,
And here, oh, many a sultry noon
And starry eve, that happy June,
Came Angelo and Melanie,
And earth for us was all in tune —
For while Love talk'd with them, Hope walked apart with me!

I shrink from the embittered close
Of my own melancholy tale.
Tis long since I have waked my woes—
And nerve and voice together fail!
The throb beats faster at my brow,
My brain feels warm with starting tears,
And I shall weep — but heed not thou!
'Twill soothe awhile the ache of years.
The heart transfix'd— worn out with grief-
Will turn the arrow for relief.

The painter was a child of shame!
It stirr'd my pride to know it first,
For I had question'd but his name,
And thought, alas! I knew the worst,
Believing him unknown and poor.
His blood, indeed, was not obscure;
A high-born Conti was his mother,
But, though he knew one parent's face,
He never had beheld the other,
Nor knew his country or his race.
The Roman hid his daughter's shame
Within St. Mona's convent wall,
And gave the boy a painter's name —
And little else to live withal!
And, with a noble's high desires
For ever mounting in his heart,
The boy consum'd with hidden fires,
But wrought in silence at his art;
And sometimes at St. Mona's shrine,
Worn thin with penance harsh and long,
He saw his mother's form divine,
And lov'd her for their mutual wrong.
I said my pride was stirr'd — but no!
The voice that told its bitter tale
Was touch'd so mournfully with wo,
And, as he ceas'd, all deathly pale,
He loos'd the hand of Melanie,
And gaz'd so gaspingly on me —
The demon in my bosom died!
" Not thine," I said, " another's guilt;
I break no hearts for silly pride;
So, kiss yon weeper if thou wilt!"

St. Mona's morning mass was done.
The shrine-lamps struggled with the day;
And rising slowly, one by one,
Stole the last worshippers away.
The organist played out the hymn,
The incense, to St. Mary swung,
Had mounted to the cherubim,
Or to the pillars thinly clung;
