title: Melanie (part 4 of 4)
author: Nathaniel Parker Willis
date: 1835
source: https://archive.org/details/melanieotherpoem00willuoft (Melanie, and Other Poems, ed. Barry Cornwall, London: Saunders and Otley, 1835; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 85
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

And boyish chorister replaced
The missal that was read no more,
And clos'd, with half irreverent haste,
Confessional and chancel door;
And as, through aisle and oriel pane,
The sun wore round his slanting beam,
The dying martyr stirr'd again,
And warriors battled in its gleam;
And costly tomb and sculptured knight
Show'd warm and wondrous in the light.
I have not said that Melanie
Was radiantly fair—
This earth again may never see
A loveliness so rare!
She glided up St. Mona's aisle
That morning as a bride,
And, full as was my heart the while,
I bless'd her in my pride!
The fountain may not fail the less
Whose sands are golden ore,
And a sister for her loveliness,
May not be lov'd the more;
But as, the fount's full heart beneath,
Those golden sparkles shine,
My sister's beauty seem'd to breathe
Its brightness over mine!
St. Mona has a chapel dim
Within the altar's fretted pale,
Where faintly comes the swelling hymn,
And dies, half lost, the anthem's wail.
And here, in twilight meet for prayer,
A single lamp hangs o'er the shrine,
And Raphael's Mary, soft and fair,
Looks down with sweetness half divine,
And here St. M ona's nuns alway
Through lattic'd bars are seen to pray.
Ave and sacrament were o'er,
And Angelo and Melanie
Still knelt the holy shrine before;
But prayer, that morn was not for me!

My heart was lock'd! The lip might stir,
The frame might agonize — and yet,
Oh God! I could not pray for her!
A seal upon my soul was set —
My brow was hot — my brain opprest —
And fiends seem'd muttering round, " Your bridal is unblest!"
With forehead to the lattice laid,
And thin, white fingers straining through,
A nun the while had softly pray'd.
Oh, ev'n in prayer that voice I knew!
Each faltering word — each mournful tone —
Each pleading cadence, half-suppress'd —
Such music had its like alone
On lips that stole it at her breast!
And ere the orison was done
I lov'd the mother as the son!
And now, the marriage vows to hear,
The nun unveil'd her brow —
When, sudden, to my startled ear,
There crept a whisper, hoarse like fear,
" De Brevern! is it thou! "
The priest let fall the golden ring,
The bridegroom stood aghast,
While, like some weird and frantic thing,
The nun was muttering fast;
And as, in dread, I nearer drew,
She thrust her arms the lattice through,
And held me to her straining view —
But suddenly begun
To steal upon her brain a light
That stagger' d soul, and sense, and sight,
And, with a mouth all ashy white,
She shriek'd, " It is his son!"
The bridegroom is thy blood — thy brother!
Rodolph de Brevern wrong' d his mother!
And, as that doom of love was heard,
My sister sunk — and died — without a sign or word!

I shed no tear for her. She died
With her last sunshine in her eyes.
Earth held for her no joy beside
The hope just shatter'd— and she lies
In a green nook of yonder dell;
And near her, in a newer bed,
Her lover — brother— sleeps as well!
Peace to the broken-hearted dead!
