title: The Wife's Appeal (part 2 of 2)
author: Nathaniel Parker Willis
date: c. 1827-1835
source: https://archive.org/details/melanieotherpoem00willuoft (Melanie, and Other Poems, ed. Barry Cornwall, London: Saunders and Otley, 1835; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 113
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

And yet thou slumberest here
Like a caged bird that never knew its pinions,
And others track in glory the dominions
Where thou hast not thy peer —
Setting their weaker eyes unto the sun,
And plucking honour that thou shouldst have won.
Oh,, if thou lov'dst me ever,
Ernest, my husband! If th' idolatry
That lets go heaven to fling its all on thee—
If to dismiss thee never
In dream or prayer, have given me aught to claim —
Heed me — oh, heed me! and awake to Fame!
Her lips
Closed with an earnest sweetness, and she sat
Gazing into his eyes as if her look
Searched their dark orbs for answer. The warm blood
Into his temples mounted, and across
His countenance the flush of passionate thoughts
Passed with irresolute quickness. He rose up
And paced the dim room rapidly awhile,
Calming his troubled mind, and then he came
And laid his hand upon her orbed brow,
And in a voice of heavenly tenderness
Answered her: —
Before I knew thee, Mary,
Ambition was my angel. I did hear
For ever its witch'd voices in mine ear;
My days were visionary,
My nights were like the slumbers of the mad,
And every dream swept o'er me glory-clad.
I read the burning letters
Of warlike pomp, on History's page, alone;
I counted nothing the struck widow's moan;
I heard no clank of fetters;
I only felt the trumpet's stirring blast,
And lean-eyed Famine stalked unchallenged past!
I heard, with veins of lightning,

The utterance of the Statesman's word of power—

Binding and loosing nations in an hour —
But while my eye was brightening,
A masked detraction breathed upon his fame,,
And a curst serpent slimed his written name.
The Poet rapt mine ears
With the transporting music that he sung.
With fibres from his life his lyre he strung,
And bathed the world in tears —
And then he turned away to muse apart,
And Scorn stole after him and broke his heart!
Yet here and there I saw
One who did set the world at calm defiance,
And press right onward with a bold reliance;
And he did seem to awe
The very shadows pressing on his breast,
And, with a strong heart, held himself at rest.
And then I looked again,
And he had shut the door upon the crowd,

THE WIFES APPEAL. Ill
And on his face he lay and groaned aloud —
Wrestling with hidden pain;
And in her chamber sat his wife in tears,
And his sweet babes grew sad with whispered fears.
And so I turn'd sick-hearted
From the bright cup away, and, in my sadness,
Searched mine own bosom for some spring of gladness;
And lo! a fountain started
Whose waters ev'n in death flow calm and fast,
And my wild fever-thirst was slaked at last.
And then I met thee, Mary,
And felt how love may into fulness pour,
Like light into a fountain running o'er:
And I did hope to vary
My life but with surprises sweet as this —
A dream, but for thy waking, filled with bliss.
Yet now I feel my spirit
Bitterly stirred, and — nay, lift up thy brow!

It is thine own voice echoing to thee now,
And thou didst pray to hear it —
I must unto my work and my stern hours!
Take from my room thy harp, and books and flowers!

And in his room again he sat alone.
His frame had lost its fulness in that time;
His manly features had grown sharp and thin,
Arid from his lips the constant smile had faded.
Wild fires had burned the languor from his eye:
The lids looked fevered, and the brow was bent
With an habitual frown. He was much changed.
His chin was resting on his clenched hand,
And with his foot he beat upon the floor
Unconsciously the time of a sad tune.
Thoughts of the past preyed on him bitterly.
He had won power and held it. He had walked
Steadily upward in the eye of Fame,
And kept his truth unsullied — but his home
Had been invaded by envenomed tongues;

His wife — his spotless wife — had been assailed
By slander, arid his child had grown afraid
To come to him — his manner was so stern.
He could not speak beside his own hearth freely.
His friends were half estranged, and vulgar men
Presumed upon their services and grew
Familiar with him. He'd small time to sleep,
And none to pray; and, with his heart in fetters,
He bore deep insults silently, and bowed
Respectfully to men who knew he loathed them!
And when his heart was eloquent with truth,
And love of country and an honest zeal
Burned for expression, he could find no words
They would not misinterpret with their lies.
What were his many honours to him now?
The good half doubted, falsehood was so strong —
His home was hateful with its cautious fears —
His wife lay trembling on his very breast
Frighted with calumny! And this is FAME.
