title: Melancthon De Anima, Cap. De Humorjbus (part 1 of 3)
author: Nathaniel Parker Willis
date: c. 1827-1835
source: https://archive.org/details/melanieotherpoem00willuoft (Melanie, and Other Poems, ed. Barry Cornwall, London: Saunders and Otley, 1835; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 107
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

NIGHT in Arabia. An hour ago,
Pale Dian had descended from the sky,
Flinging her cestus out upon the sea,
And at their watches now the solemn stars
Stood vigilant and lone; and, dead asleep,
forty years in discovering the motion of the eighth sphere.
He had a scholar, ayoung Bedouin Arab, who, with a singular passion for knowledge, abandoned his wandering tribe, and,
applying himself too closely to astrology, lost his reason, and
died.
With not a shadow moving on its breast,
The breathing earth lay in its silver dew,
And, trembling on their myriad viewless wings,
Th' imprisoned odours left the flowers to dream,
And stole away upon the yielding air.
Ben Khorat's tower stands shadowy and tall
In Mecca's loneliest street; and ever there,
When night is at the deepest, burns his lamp
As constant as the Cynosure, and forth
From his looped window stretch the brazen tubes,
Pointing for ever at the central star
Of that dim nebula just lifting now
Over Mount Arafat. The sky to-night
Is of a clearer blackness than is wont,
And far within its depths the coloured stars* different colours; but when viewed with a prismatic glass,
they may be very accurately classed into the red, the yellow,
the brilliant white, the dull white, and the anomalous. This
is true also of the planets, which shine by reflected light, and
of course the difference of colour must be supposed to arise
from their different powers to absorb and reflect the rays of the

Sparkle like gems— capricious Antares *
Flushing and paling in the Southern arch,
And azure Lyra, like a woman's eye,
Burning with soft blue lustre, and away
Over the desert the bright Polar-star,
White as a flashing icicle, and here,
Hung like a lamp above th' Arabian sea,
Mars with his dusky glow, and, fairer yet,
Mild Sirius,t tinct with dewy violet,
Set like a flower upon the breast of Eve;
And in the zenith the sweet Pleiades,
(Alas — that ev'n a star may pass from heaven
And not be miss'd!) — the linked Pleiades sun. The original composition of the stars, and the different dis-
persive powers of their different atmospheres, may be supposed
to account also for this phenomenon."
ful change in the colour of its light; every alternate twinkling
being of an intense reddish crimson colour, and the answering
one of a brilliant white.
f When seen with a prismatic glass, Sirius shows a large brush of exceedingly beautiful violet rays.
t The Pleiades are vertical in Arabia.
Undimmed are there, though from the sister band
The fairest has gone down, and, South away,
Hirundo* with its little company,
And white-browed Vesta, lamping on her path
Lonely and planet-calm, and, all through heaven,
Articulate almost, they troop to night,
Like unrob'd angels in a prophet's trance.
Ben Khorat knelt before his telescope,t
Gazing with earnest stillness on the stars.
The gray hairs, struggling from his turban folds,
Played with the entering wind upon his cheeks,
And on his breast his venerable beard
With supernatural whiteness loosely fell.
The black flesh swelled about his sandal thongs,
Tight with his painful posture, and his lean
And withered fingers to his knees were clenched,
tralis, because the swallow arrives in Arabia about the time
of the heliacal rising of the Fishes.
-f An anachronism, the author is aware. The telescope was not indented for a century or two after the time of Ben
Khorat.

And the thin lashes of his straining eye
Lay with unwinking closeness to the lens,
Stiffened with tense up-turning Hour by hour.,
Till the stars melted in the flush of morn,,
The old astrologer knelt moveless there,
Ravished past pain with the bewildering spheres,
And, hour by hour, with the same patient thought,
Pored his pale scholar on the characters
Of Chaldee writ, or, as his gaze grew dim
With weariness, the dark-eyed Arab laid
His head upon the window and looked forth
Upon the heavens awhile, until the dews
And the soft beauty of the silent night
Cooled his flushed eyelids, and then patiently
He turned unto his constant task again.
The sparry glinting of the Morning Star
Shot through the leaves of a majestic palm
Fringing Mount Arafat, and, as it caught
The eye of the rapt scholar, he arose
And clasped the volume with an eager haste,
And as the glorious planet mounted on,
Melting her way into the upper sky,,
He breathlessly gazed on her: —
" Star of the silver ray!
Bright as a god, but punctual as a slave —
What spirit the eternal canon gave
That bends thee to thy way?
What is the soul that on thine arrowy light
Is walking earth and heaven in pride to-night?
We know when thou wilt soar
Over the mount — thy change, and place, and time —
'Tis written in the Chaldee's mystic rhyme
As 'twere a priceless lore!
I knew as much in my Bedouin garb —
Coursing the desert on my flying barb!
How oft amid the tents
Upon Sahara's sands I've walked alone,
Waiting all night for thee, resplendent one!
