Written by C. Cibber.

Interdum tollit 7 mana «Fi gem. e

y rinted for Richard Parker at the Royal! Exchange, Dorman Newmas
Leicester Feilds, and George Harris in St. James's- Street.
Price Ic. 64.

BARVARD COLLEGE LIBRARY a
„ ( , DRAMATIC COLLECTION
Ps N 9 K. . . "=O >
DANIEL PAINE GRISWOLD - | „ ; :
BEQUEATHED. BY HIS WIFE
Ihe Per lons.
Ad. - Old Gentlemen. |
Charino Mr. Cross.

Don Lewis, Unkle, and near Friend to Carlos. Mr. Penkethman.

Carlos a student,

T Fons to Antonio. N. Wilks.

Mr. Cibber.

LM to Carlos. Ar. Norris.

Monsieur, Valet to Clodio.

SOVergour of Lisbon, 2 Mr. Simpson.
Don Duart, his Nephew. 5 | M. Mills

Don Maree a Sez-Oficer 1 in Pr with 0 Mr. Toms. 9
Wn, Daughter to Charino, . Mrs. Temple.
Louisa, a Lady of Quality and Pleasure; . 1 Verhiugian.
Elvira, Sister to Don Duart. us. Knight.
Honoria, . Cousin to Tonises | | Mrs. Moor. ;

Priest, Officers, ar 8

N — ee", 1 ** »

Sir NILLIAMH BROWNLOVE, Bar.

7 Is not, Sir, my bare concern for this Play alone, that has

encourag'd me to this Address: But likewise the Com plaints,

and Hardships of the Stage in general. Poetry, of which I
may venture to say, the Dramatick is the most useful Part, never had
more need of able Friends, than now: And while I eake my shelter
here with You, tis not so much in Terror of the Criticks (whom
tho? I shou'd be glad this Play cou'd please, yet if it does not, I
must still beg their Pardon, and leave to be satisfied with its success
tho? unmerited.) I say not so much in fear of an ill natur'd
Pit, as the formidable Zeal of a Presenting Mzaalesex Jury: Men
of Right Worshipful, and petitioning Principles, that wou'd Reform,
aud Level most things, but the Price of their own Commodities;
so down with the Play-Bills, among the rest our Fall's decreed :
For, -alas! we are of no more use to Mens Manners, than a Steeple
is to Religion, an Army to Peace, or to the Publick the Year's Perquisites
of a Lord Mayor's Office, |
Axarice, Hypocrisie, and Ignorance have thrown off their short
Cloaks, spit in their Paws, and are every one resolv'd to have blow
at the root of the Bay-Tree, and when it's down, like Brethren,
they are to share it among em: Ignorance is to carry home the
Stem, and lay it on for a Billet, Aypocrisie, and Avarice to make a
lawful Penny of the Branches, among the sinful, to adorn the prophane
Windows of their Babhylonian Idol, Christmas : But this we are
not to wonder at ; For there are among us a sort of Gentlemen, that
have been us'd to Lopping, that know how to handle an Axe, and I
think the last time they pull'd down the Stage in the City, they set
up a Scaffold at Court; perhaps they are not now the less our Enemies,
because the King's Authority supports us.

A reasonable Stranger here wou'd be apt to imagine from their violent,
and open Prosecution, that we of course must have no Licence,
and that certainly nothing but the King's Patent cou'd protect so many
lewd, notorious, „ and private Houses in, and a bout

IJ be Dedicatioon.

the City : Now whether such Houses are by them Tolerated to
shew their Power only, or the waggishness of their Inclinations, is of
no great moment to determine. |
But methinks it those Places, and some few other Dealings, were
first a little better regulated, it wou'd appear less rash in em than
shou'd they in a full Body knock at every door in the City to enquire
for {some wite, and honest Man, ro know of him after all, if wereall
were a Musance, or not, and Whether they, and their Cluldreir
ought not to be frighred at Musick, and Bears, and Bulls, and Playbating?
Or if such a Per son shou'd not easily be found, Mr. Ce.
wou'd be as able to resolve em in a moment, and be ready with a
second Indictment against us, before they cou'd tell him out fifty
pound for his Labour : This now, in my thoughts wou'd be abundance
more Jult, and Methodical: But they will have every thing
their own way, and so let m; to offer *tm advice is encroaching upon
their Liberty of playing the Fool. 515 1

But suppose the Stage may have taken too loose a Liberty? is there

nothing to be said for it? Have not all Sciences been guilty ? Was it
to be expected in a Reign of Pleasure, Peace, and Madness, that the

Poets shou'd not be merry? Did not the Court then lead up the
Dance ? And did not the whole Nation joyn in it? Was it not a

meer Joan Saunderson, and did nor the Lawn-{leeves, Coiffs, and

Cassocks fill up the measure ? But since those Dancing dæys are over,

F hope our Enemies will give us leave to grow wise, aud sober, as

well as the rest of our Neighbours: Why shall not we have the liberty

to reform, as well as the Clergy, and Lawyers? I believe upon
a fa Examination we may find, that Prophaueness, Cruelty,

and Pallive Obedience, are now less than ever the business of

the Stage, the Bench, or the Pulpit; and I doubt not, but we can

produce Examples oi some new Plays, Lawyers, and Pastors chat

have met with success without being oblig'd ro Immorality, ' Bribery,
or Politicks, and I dare offer this Play as one of the Number.

Now if the Stage must needs down, becaule *tis possible it may

Seduce, as well as Instruct; the fame rule of policy might forbid
the use of Fhysick, because not only their Patients, but Phy sicians

themselves die of common Disaases; or call in the mill'd Crowns, becaule

they are but 10 many Patterns for Coyners to counterfeit by,

or might as well suppress the Courts of Judicature, because some Per-

{ons have suffer'd for What a fucc22ding Reign has made a new

he Deaication.

Law, to make that Law that sentenc'd em Illegal: The same Conclusion
might discountenance our Religion, because we sometimes
find Pride, Hypocrisie, Avarice, and Ignorance in its Teachers: So
that if our zealous Reformers do but stick fairly to their method we e
may in time hope to see. our Nation flourish witheut either Wit,
Health, Money, Law, Conscience, or Religion.

But this fort of Reformation I hope will never be througlhly
wrought, while the King, and the Establisnt Church have any
Friends: The Stage Pm sure was never heartily oppress'd but by the
Enemies of both, and it has been always observable, that they who
can't endure a Prince on the Theatre, have not been very apt to like
him on the Throne. So that at worst our comfort is, that when we
ean*t be quietly Players, we still dare (as some of our Predecessors
did) stir, and be Loyal. But, Sir, I trespass too long upon your

atience, as *tis the misfortune of an obliging teraper to encourage

its own Trouble, tho? IJ am in hopes all I have said won't be choughr

so, because I know you are so much a Favourer of the Muses, as got
to be difpleas*d when they are able to speak for themselves : Tis no
little Pride to us, that we have yet men of your Integrity, and Honour,
inclin'd, and able to support us: The reasonableness of your

Temper gives you Inclination, and the plenty of your Fortune Power;

both which together have fixt you in a lasting taste of happiness,

and *tis our knowledge in the use of m only makes us so: How far

that knowledge contributed to your mutual Rounds of Peace and
Joy, the many never dying Virtues of your first happy choice in Love,
will stand a memorable and unequalPd proof to Ages. And while

we daily ste so many people in their own Coaches, whose Profuseneis,

Pride, Sarizty, and Sloth renders*em contampribly wretched;
we may reasonably conclude, that ro know how to be Happy is (perhaps
the most difficult, but) certainly the most useful Wisdom in the

World, yet, Sir, you I dare pronounce are happy.

Happy in your Principles, ycur choice of Friends, and Pleasures.
The first have taught you to be just, Obliging, Gratesul, and a

Friend; cauitous in-your Credit, and punCtua]l to your Word, be- |

cause you knew you bad a priviledge to break it: Happy in your
Friends, because you have made their Interests your own, and Hind,
chat they have Faith, and Power, to secure, and to return your

Z UT AJC 4 2 n.

Young, a Fair, and Virtuous Bride, from the early Instances of
whose Prudent, and Obliging Conduct we may modestly conclude,
that the chaste Breath of her admir'd Example may in time blow
off the disgraceful Dust, which Libertinism has thrown upon the
\ © sacred Head of Marriage, and restore it to its rightful Power of
Dispensing among Mankind the most secure, and solid happiness
of Life; That yours may long and mutually continue, is the only
addition it can receive from Fortune, or the most devoted

wishes of
Your most Oblig'd, =
> and most Humble Servant, ;

Colley Cibber.

F the Reader will please to look over Fletcher?s Elder Brother, aud

his Custom of the Country, he may be satisfied bow far I am ob-

Tg'd 10 those two Plays for part of this

{ = Inclnation : Your Pleasures are but few, because they are Great,
and the greater because the can admit no Partner: Those of a

ng ge

2 \ 8 25 Fob oye f l ' .
k ' - ' 8 4 * - * 2 MM. * 3

f 5 ; * 2 8 ; 2 By | ; E
ns 2 - | 4 N * Pres
To LOVE N
| 3220 E makes 2 .

YINCE Plays are but à kind of Publick Feasts, _
Where Tickets only wake the welcome Guests;

Methinks, instead of Grace, we (hou'd prepare

! Tour Tastes in Prologue, with your Bill of Fare.

When you foreknow each Course, tho? This may teize you,
Tis five to One, bat One 01h Five may please you.

First for you Criticks, we've your darling Chear,

Faults without number, more than Sense can bear:

Tou're certain to be pleas'd where Errors are.

From your Dijpleasure I dare vouch were safe ;

Toe never fromu, but where your Neighbours laugh.

Now you that never know, what Spleen or Hate is,
Who for an Act or two are welcome gratis,

That tip the Wink, and so sneak out with Nunquam fatis ;
For your (mart I astes we ve tost you up a Fop,

We hope the newest that's of late come ap;

The Fool, Beau, Wit, and Rake, so mixt he carrys,

Fe seems a Ragou piping hot from Paris.

But for the softer Sex, whom most we'd move,

Were what the Fair and Chaste were form"d for, Love.
An artless Passion fraught with Hopes and Fears, 5

And nearest happy, when it most despairs.
For Masks we've Scandal, and for Beaus French Airs
To please all Tastes well do the best we can,

For the Galleries, we've Dicky and Penkethman.
Now, Sirs, you're welcome, aud you know your Fare; ”— 5

But pray in Charity the Founder spare,
Lest you destroy at once the Poet and the Player,

a 80 r * * 3 — : = 4
£ — 4 * . 1 * 4 ] To *
NP: a [ a J |
PE 5 i . 9

Aud fall as much unwillingh is paids © HL
Good Lines, 1 grant, are little worth; but jet,
Coin has been always easier raisd than Wit: © *
© (I fear wed made but very poor Canepalgus, 4 2
Had Funds been levy'd from the grumbling Brains.) + * I,
Beside, to what poor Parpose sbou d we was; OM RS" N

When you have once resolv d 4 Play shall bleed? _ 08
But then again, aWretch, in «ny Cass, . 6
Has leave 10 say why Sentence sbou d wot pass,
First let your Censure from pure Judment slow, ©
And mix with that some Grains of Mercy too. 2a
On some your Praise, like wanton Lovers, you beftow.
Thas have you known 4 Woman plainly fair,
As first scarce worth your two days Pains or Care;
Mithoat a Charm, but being Toung, an New: N 1
(You thought five Guineas far beyond her Dae.) WTR AA ©:

But when persu d by some gay leading Lover, 8 Y Ra:

Then every day her Eyes new Charms discover ;

Till at the last by Crowds of Beaux admir'd,

Sy as rais'd her Price to what her Heart desw'd, ©
New Gowns and Petticoats, which her Airs requir d.
So Miss, aud Poet too, when ouce cry'd up,

Believe their Reputation at the top; ö

And know, that white the liking Fit has seis'd you,
She cannot Look, he Write too ill to Please you.
How can you bear a sense of Love so. gross,

To let meer Fashion on your Taste impose ?

Your Taste resin d might add to your Delight; |
Poets from Jou ae taught 10 raise their Flight : = n= T1
Far as Jou learn to juage, They learn to write. *

— a „ : N + * * o 5 "i
NM Epilogue's 4 Tax on Authors laid. „„

LOVE makes a MAN:

ACT I.
The SCENE a» HALL

Enter Antonio ad Charino.

ITHOUT Com mplement, my old Friend, I
/ shall think my self much Honour'd in yout
Alliance : — Families are Ancient both,

our Children young and able to support
Y ind, * think, the W we set em to Work the

Jetter.

Thos A, a Man: Or,

Cha. Sir, you offer fair and nobly, and shall find I dare meet
you in the same Line of Honour: And, I hope, since I have
but one Girl in the World, you won't think me a troublesome
old Fool, if 1-endeavour to bestew her to her -worth :
Therefore, if you please, before we shake Hands, a word or

two by the by; for I have Tome — Queltions to ask
Ant. Ask 'em. ;
Cha, Well, in the farit place you tap 85 "WAL two Sons?
Ant. Exuctlxxe
cha, And iy are wiling that one of em sha marry my
Pavghter ? | g
Ant. Willing. =
cha. My Daughter Angelina *
Ant. Angellina.
Cha. And you are likewise Content that the said n shall
survey 'em both, and (irh my n * to hee os
Husband the which of ei ine lere EN +
An. Content.
cha, And you farther Womit, chat ih Person * her (and
me) so chosen (be it elder or younger) shall be your sole Heir,
that is to say, shall be in a Conditional Possession of at least three
parts of your Estate: You know the Conditions, and this you
positively promise? 14
Ant. To perform.
Cha, Why then, as chelas when-of my full Consent and Approbation,
I give you my Hand.
Ant. There's mine.
cha. 1Ist a Match?
Ant. A Match.
Cha. Done.
Ant. Done.
Cha, And done. — That's enough Cr the Elder,
you say, is a great Scholar, spends his whole Life in the Uni
versity, and loves his Study.
Ant. Nothing more, Sir.
+ Cha, But Clodio, the younger, has seen the World, and is
very well known in the Court of France, A sprightly Fellow ,
Ant. Metile 0 the Back, Sir.

Sir, this is Arabick : *tis to the Lord Abbut, concerning the Tranhz,

Well: how far either vs dem may go wii my Daughter

1 can't tell: She'll be easily pleas'd ws he. Lam II have

given her some Documents already: Harke! What Noise without.

N

Aut. Odo atis they — T hey're 8 have erpected
em these two Hours. Well Sirrah, Mhe's without?

Bnter "Servant.

Ser. Tis Sartbb, Sir, with'a Wagon Load of my Master's Books.
Ant. Never without | it, Sir, 'tis his humour.
Cha, What, does he. alcays travel witli his whole Study?

Pyres Sancho lauen with Books, ©

Sun. Pur unfoad part of the Library: Bid the Porter open the
great Gates, and make Room for rac dozen of Carts: YU be
with you presently.

Am. Hah! Sancho! Where's my. Carlos? speak Boy, w where didst
thou leave thy Master ?
San. — on, Sir, in the High-w way to Knowledge, both
Hands employ d, his Book, and his Bridle, Sit: ICI
his Dary before him in this Letter, Sir. |

What have we here Por-hovks and Awidixons? | Z
os Porchovts! Oh! dear Sir! ——1 beg your Pardon no,

lation, Sir, of Human Bodies a new way of getting out of
the World: There's a terrible wise Man has written a very smart
Book of it. |

Cha, 5 3 ”_ will ohio © Book teach a _ . 1

San. Teach you, Sir: Why to play a Trump upon Death, an
shew your self 1 Match for 0 Devil. 8 8
Cha. Strange!!! |

San. Here; Sir, this is your Letter. [To Ant.

Cha. Pray, Sir, W hat sort of Life may your Master lead ?

San. Life, Sir! no Prince that fares like him: he breaks his Fast
with Aristotle, Dines with Twly, Drinks at Helicon, Sups with Seneca,
then walks a turn or two in the Milky way, and, after. Six
Hours Conference with the Stars, Aceps with old Errs Pater. |

cha. Wondertul !

8 | Ant;

Love males a Man: or,

Aut. So, Carlos will be here ere, mp the Knave
1e, and let him cat. $910 Wi *

San And'drink/too;:Sit? !
Ant. And drink t00, Sir, —and pray see your K bert 5 Than?
ber Ready. FER 1 5362.3 yo! Fe e

Well, Sir! Who's at "the Gate?

Enter 4 Serdant.

Ser. Mongear, Sir, from my-young Master Slodia.

1 Well, Monsteur, What says your Master ? When will he
be here?

Mon. Sayr he vil be here in de less time van quart de hour, he i is
not quait dirty Mile off. 5 | 9
Ant. And what came you before for ? EY

Mon. Sayr me come to provide de Putvile, * de Essaunce for
1 his Peruque, dat he may approach to your Vorship with de Reve-

g and de belle Air. |

Ant. What, is he unprovided Fe "oe |
on. Sayr he vas Enrage, and did breake his Bottel Morangerie,
because it vas no de same is prepare for Monseigneur Le Dauphin.
Ant. Well, Sir, if you'll go to the Butler, he — help you to
Oil, and Vinegar for his Perriwig, pf;
Mon. Sayr me tank you. Exit Monsi eur.
Ch. A very notable Spark this cia. Ha! What ene
of — is that without?

SS 27 |. 3 « Servant.
Ger. Sir, my young Masters are both come.

Ast. That's well ! Now, Sik now Now. obserye their several

OT I = OR
Ear My Father! Sir, your Blessing... 25 55 |

Ant. Thon

Ast. Thou hast it, Carlos, and now pray know this Gentleman,
Charino, Sir, my old Friend, and one in whom you may have a
particatac Tnjereth 8 *

Car. I'll study to deserve his Love, Sir. /

Cha. Sir, as for that matter you need not study at all. [They salate,

Enter Clodio.

Clo. Hey! La valliere! bid the Groom take care our Hunters be
well rub'd and cloath'd, they're hot, and have outstript the Wind.
Cha. Ay, marry Sir, there's Mettle in this young Fellow.

Clo. Where's my Father? |

Ant, Hah, my dear C/oay, thou'rt welcome! let me kiss thee.

Clo, Sir. Mou kiss pleasingly -I love to kiss a Man, in
Paris we kiss nothing else. Sir, being my Father's Friend, I am
your most oblig'd, and faithful humble Servant. {1o Char.

Cha. Sir, ——-I 1 I like you. [eagerly.

Clo. Thy Hand kiss Pm your Friend.

Cha. Faith thou art a pretty humour'd Fellow.

Clo, Who's that? Pray Sir, who's that?

Ant. Your Brother, Clody. 1
Clo. Odso! I beg his Pardon with all my Heart — ha, ha, ha,
did ever Mortal see such a Book- Worm? Brother how is't ?
lcarelessy.

car. I'm glad you are well, Brother. | Reads.

Clo. What, does he draw his Book upon me? then I will draw
my Wit upon him Gad Pll puzzle him Hark you; Brother,
pray what's what's Latin for a Sword-knot :

Car. The Romans wore none, Brother.

Clo, No Ornament upon their Swords, Sir? 3
Car. O yes, several, Conquest, Peace and Honour — an old
unfashionable Wear. 255 |

Clo. Sir, no Man in France (IJ may as well say Breathing : For
not to live there is not to Breathe) wears a more fashionable
Sword than I do, he cost me fifteen Louis---d'or's in Pari
There, Sir feel him. try him, Sir.

Car. I have no skill, Sir. 5

Clio. No skill, Sir why this Sword would make a Coward fight---
aha! fa, sa! ha! Rip ha ! there I had him. [ Fencing,
Car. Take heed, you'll cut my Cloaths, Brother.

B Cle.

a 8 Low makes a Man: "Or,

Clo. Cut em! ha, ha, no, no, they are cut already, Brother,
to the Grammar - Rules ad P'shaw, prithec Man leave
off this College Air.

Cor. No, Brother, I think it wholesome, the Soil and Situation
pleasant.

Cl o. A Putt, by f ' ke don? t know the Air of a Gentleman
from the Air of the Country — Sir, I mean the Air of your
Cloaths, I would have you change your Taylor, and dress a little
more ex Cavalier : Lay by your Book, and take out yur Snuftbox,
Cock, and look smart, hah ! |
ll Che. Faitha pretty Fellow ! by
Car. I read no use in this Brother, and for my Cloaths, the half
of what I wear already seem to me superfluous: What need I outward
Ornaments, when I can deck my self with Understanding ?_
Why shoud we care for any thing but Knowledge ? Or look upon
the Follics of Mankind but to contema or pity those that seek 'em.

Reads again.

Clo. Stark mad split me.
Char. Pshaw this Fellow will never — Soul in him.
Clo. Hark you, Brother, what do you think of a pretty plump

Wench now?
Car. I seldom think that way, Women are Books I have not read
Co. Gad I cou'd set you a sweet Lesson, Brother.
Car. Lam as well here, Sir. - TRead:. -

Oba. Good m no earthly ching, a meer wok! Ah, that Clody,
Exter Monsicur.

Mon. Sayr, here be de several sort of de Jassimine D'orangerie
vidout, if you please to make your shoice.
Clo. Mum, Sir, I must beg pardon for a moment, a most Important
Business calls me aside, which I will dis atch with all imaginable
Celerity, and return to the Repetition of my desire to continue,
Sir, your most oblig d and faithful humble Servant.

[Exit Clody bowing.

Cha, Faith he's a pretty Fellow.

Ast. Now, Sir, if you please, since we have got the other alone,
we'll put the matter a little closer to him.

Cha, Tis to little purpose, I am afraid: But use your pleasure, Sir.
Car. Plato Giffers 3 from Socrates in this. [To —

Ant. Come, come, prithee charles, lay em by, let em agree at
leisure. What, no hour of Interruption ? 1

Car, Man's Life, Sir, being so short, and then the way that leads
us to the Knowledge of our selves so hard and tedious, each minute
shou'd be precious. ORE

Ant. Ay, but to thrive in this World, Charles, you must part a
litcle with this Bookish Contemplation, and prepare your self for
Action. If you will study, let it he ta know what part of my
Land's fit for the Plough, what for Pasture, to buy and fell my
Stock to the best Advantage, and cure my Cattle when they are
over-Erown with Labour: This now wou'd turn to some Account.

Car, This, Sir, may be done from what T've Read : For what
concerns Tillage, who better can deliver it than Virgil in his Geor-
2icks? And, for the cure of Herds, his Becolicks are a Master-piece,
but when his Art describes the Commonwealth of Bees, their Industry,
their more than Human Knowledge of the Herbs from
which they gather Hony, their Laws, their Government amon
themselves, their Order in going forth, and coming laden home,
their strict Obedience to their King, his just Rewards to such as

Labour, his Punishment inflifted only on the slothful Drone. Pm
ravish'd withit, then reap indeed my Harvest, receive the Gain
my Cattle bring me, and there find Wax and Honey.

Ant. Hey day! Georges | and Blew stichs, and Bees-wax | What,
art thou mad? |

cha. Raving, raving! |

Car. No, Sir, the Knowledge of this guards me from it.

Ant. But can you find among all your musty Manuscripts, what
plea sure he enjoys that hes in the Arms of a Young, Rich, Wellshap'd,
Healthy Bride? Answer me that, ha Sir! 8

Car. Tis frequent, Sir, in Story, there I read of all kinds of virtuous,
and of vicious Women, the ancient Spartan Dames, the
Roman Ladies, their Beauties and their Deformities; and when I
light upon a Portia, or a Cornelia, crownd with ever-blooming
Truth and Virtue, with such a feeling I peruse rheir Fortunes, as
if I then had liv'd and tasted of their lawtul envied Love: But when
I meet a Messalina tir'd, and unsated in her foul Desires, a Clyremaeftra
bath'd in her Husband's Blood, an impious Tails whirling
her Chariot o'er her Father's breathless Body, Horror invades my
Faculties; comparing then the numerous Guilty, with the cake
Count of those that dye in Innocence, I detest and loath em as
Ignorance, or Atheism. ES

B a Aut.

EY nn —— - —— — ade — 1 — a way |
12 Love makes « Man : Or,
Ant. And you do resolve then to make Payment of the Debt
you owe me. 1 |
Car. What Debt, good Sr? 95 25
Ant. Why the Debt I paid my Father when I got you, Sir, and
made him a Grandsire, which I expect from you, I won't have
my Name dye. . ö
Car. Nor wou d I, my labour'd Studies, Sir, may prove in time
a living Issue. 4
Ant. Very well, Sir, and so I shall have a General Collection of
all the Quiddits from Adam, till this time, to be my Grandchild !
Car. Tl take my best Care, Sir, that what I leave mayn't shame
the Family | Dn
Cha. A sad Fellow this! This. is a very sad Fellow. [ Aside,
Ant. Nor you won't take care of my Estate ? SO
Car. But in my Wishes, Sir : For know the Wings on which my
Soul is mounted, have long since born her Pride too high ta stoop
to any Prey that soars not upwards : Sordid and Dunghil- Minds

compos'd of Earth, fix in that gross. Element their Happiness, but

reat and purer Spirits shaking that Clog of Human Frailty. off,
rome retin'd and free as the Ætherial Air.

Ant. So that in short. you wou'd nat Marry an Empress !

Car. Give me leave to por my self; the Closet that contains
my Chosen Books, to me's a glorious Court, my Venerable Companions
there, the Old Sages and Philosophers, sometimes the greatest
Kings and Heros, whose Counsels I have leave to weigh, and call
their Victories, if unjustly got, unto a strict Account, and in my
Fancy dare deface their ill plac'd Statues. Can I then part with solid
constant Pleasures to clasp uncertain Vanities ? No, Sir, be. it
our care to swell your heap of Wealth, Marry my Brother, and

Enter.

The Fop's Fortun bo

Enter Clodio.
Clody, a word! WIE
Clo. To the Wise is enough: Your Pleasure, Sir.
Ant. In the mean time Sir, if you please to send your Daughter
Notice of our Intended Visit [to Char. ”

Che. Ill do*t—hark you, Friend. [Whispers a Servgat..
Enter Sancho behind.

San. I doubt my Master has found but rough Welcome! He's
gone Supperless into his Study, Pd fain know the Reason— Ir
may be some body has borrow'd one of his Books, or so F
must find him out. 2 en [Stands aside.

Clo. Sir, you cou'd not have started any thing more agreeable
to my Incsination ; And for the Young Ladies Sir, it this Old Gentleman
will please to give me a fight of her, you shall see me Whip
into hers in the Cutting of a Caper. | "I

Cha. Well! Pursue, and Conquer; Tho let me tell you Sir, my
Girl has Wit, and will give you as good as you bring, she has a
smart way Sir, 5 Pe

Clo. Sir, I will be as smart asshe, I have my share of Courage,
I fear no Woman alive Sir, having always found Sir, that Love
and Assurance ought to be as inseparable Companions, as a Beau
and a Snuff Box, or a Curate and a Tobacco-stopper. |

Cha, Faith thou art a pleasant Rogue, I gad she must like thee.

Clo. I know how to tickle the Ladies Sir In Paris I had
constantly two Challenges every Morning came up with my Chocolate,
only for being Pleasant Company the Night before, with
the first Ladies of Quality.

1 be. Ab, silly Enyious Rogues !fPrithee what did you to do their

adies? £ 3

San. Positively nothing. = [Aside..

clo. Why the Truth is, I did make the Jades drink a little too
{martly, for which the poor Dogs the Princes cou'd not endure me.

Cha, Why hast thou really converst with the Royal Family.

C/o, Converst with'em! Ay, rot em, Ay! Ay! —— You must
know some of *em came with me halt a Days Journey, to see me a
little on my way hither: But I gad, I senc young Louis back again
to Marli Drunk as a Tinker, by Jove! Ha! Ha! He! I can't but
laugh to think how Old Monarchy growPd at him next W

11 ode makes r Man: Or,
Ant. And you do resolve then to make Payment of the Debt
you owe me. Ws |
Car. What Debt, good Sir? |
Ant. Why the Debt I paid "7 Father when I got you, Sir, and

made him a Grandsire, which
my Name dye.
Car. Nor wou'd I, my labour'd Studies, Sir, may prove in time
a living Issue. |
Ant. Very well, Sir, and so I shall have a General Collection of
all the Quiddits from Adam, till this time, to be my Grandchild !
Car. Tl take my best Care, Sir, that what I leave mayn't shame
the Family. | ? |
Cha, A sad Fellow this! This is a very sad Fellow. [ Aside,
Ant. Nor you won't take care of my Estate ? |
Car. But in my Wishes, Sir : For know the Wings on which my
Soul is mounted, have long since born her Pride too high ta stoop
to any Prey that soars not upwards : Sordid and Dunghil- Minds
compos'd of Earth, fix in that gross. Element their Happiness, but
reat and purer Spirits shaking that Clog of Human Frailty off,
ome resin'd and free as the Ætherial Air.
Ant. So that in short. you wou'd not Marry an Empress !'
Car. Give me leave to phy my self; the Closet that contains
my Chosen Books, to me's a glorious Court, my Venerable Companions
there, the Old Sages and Philosophers, sometimes the greatest

expect from you, I won't have

Kings and Heros, whose Counsels J have leave to weigh, and call
their Victories, if unjustly got, unto a strict Account, and in m

Fancy dare deface their ill plac'd Statues. Can J then part with solid
constant Pleasures to clasp uncertain Vanities ? No, Sir, be it
wax care to swell your heap of Wealth, Marry my Brother, and
et him get you Bodies of our Name, I rather wou'd inform it
with a Soul tire you, Sir——your pardon, and your leave
Lights there for my Study. | [Exit Carlos.

Ant. Was ever Man thus transported from the common Sense
of his own Happiness, a stupid wise Rogue, I cou'd beat him: Now
if it were not for my hopes in young cody, I might fairly conclude
my Name were at a period.

Cha. Ay, ay, he's the match for my Money, and my Girl's too, I
warrant her. What say you, Sir, shall we tell em a piece of our
Mind, and turn em together instantly ?

Ant. This Minute, Sir, and here comes my young Rogue in the
very nick of his Fortune. |

Euter

The Fop's Fortunes ” ol

Enter Clodio.
Clody, a word! 5
C/o. To the Wise is enough: Your Pleasure, Sir.
Ant. In the mean time Sir, if you please to send your Daughter
Notice of our Intended Visit [to Char. ;
Che. III do*t—hark you, Friend. [Whispers a Servnat.

Euter Sancho behind.

San. I doubt my Master has found but rough Welcome! He's
gone Supperless into his Study, Pd fain know the Reason— It
may be some body has borrow'd one of his Books, or so— F
must find him out. [Stands aside,

Co. Sir, you cow'd not have started any thing more agreeable
to my Inclination ; And for the Young Ladies Sir, it this Old Gentleman
will please to give mea sight of her, you shall see me Whip
into hers in the Cutting of a Caper. _ 3

Cha. Well ! Pursue, and Conquer; Tho let me tell you Sir, my
Girl has Wit, and will give you as good as you bring, she has a
smart way Sir, | |

Clo. Sit, I will be as smart asshe, J have my share of Courage,
I fear no Woman alive Sir, having always found Sir, that Love
and Assurance ought to be as inseparable Companions, as a Beau
and a Snuff Box, or a Curate and a Tobacco-stopper. |

Cha, Faith thou art a pleasant Rogue, I gad she must like thee.
Clo, I know how to tickle the Ladies Sir In Paris I had
constantly two Challenges every. Morning came up with my Chocolate,
only for being Pleasant Company the Night before, with
the first Ladies of Quality. |
1 f he. „Ah, silly Enyious Rogues I Prithee what did you to do their

adies? : |

San. Positively nothing. Aside.

clo. Why the Truth is, I did make the Jades drink a little too
smartly, for which the poor Dogs the Princes cou'd not endure me.

Cha, Why hast thou really converst with the Royal Family.

Clo, Converst with 'em! Ay, rot em, Ay! Ay! You must
know some of 'em came with me halt a Days Journey, to see me a
little on my way hither: But I gad, I senc young Louis back again
to Marli Drunk as a Tinker, by Jove! Ha! Ha! He! I can't bur
laugh to think how Old Monarchy growPd at him next . |

Ch.

Cha.” Gramercy Boy | Well! And I warrant thou art as Intimate
with their Ladies too! | |
Can. sust a like, I dare Answer for him. (Aside,
clo. Why you shall judge now, you shall judge let me lee !
There was I, and Monsieur no! no! no! Monsieur did not sup
With us—There was I, and Prince Granamont, Duke de Bongrace,
Duke de Bzllegarde— (Bellegarde— yes—-yes, Jack was there!) Count
de l Esprit, Mareschal Bombarde, and that pleasant Dog the Prince
de Hautenbas, We six now were all at Supper, all in good Hu-
mour, Champaign was the Word, and Wit flew about the Room
like a Pack of losing Cards Now Sir, in Madam Adjacent Lodgings,
there happen d to be the fame Number of Ladies, after the
Fatigue of a Ballet diverting themselves with Ratifia, and the Spleen;
so dull they were not able to talk, tho? it were scandalously ev'n of
their best Friends: So Sir, after a profound Silence, at last one of
em gap'd O God! Says she, wou'd tliat pleasant Dog Clody
were here to Badiner a little Hey says a {econd, and stretcht,
ah! Mondien! Says a third — and wak't—Co.'d not one find him
says a fourth and Leer'd O! Burn b:mfavs a fifth, I saw
him go out with the nasty Rakes of the Blood again a Pett—
Did you so, says a sixth—Pardic! We'll spoil that Gang presently —
in a Passion, whereupon Sir, in two Minutes, I receivd a Billet
in three Words hein nous vous Demandons : Subscrib'd, Grandmont,
Bongrace, Bellegarde, L'esprit, Bombard, Hautenbas.
Cha. Why these are the very Names of the Princes you supt with?
Clo. Every Soul of em, the Individual Wife, or Sister of every
Man in the Company ! Split me! H. Ha! 5
Cha. and Ant. Ha! hal ha! 1
San. Did ever two old Gudgeons swallow so greedily ? [Aside,
Anat. Well! And didst thou make a Night ont, Boy? 5
Clo. Les, I gad! And a Morning too Sir: For about eight a Clock
the next doy {lap / They all sous d upon their Knees, kiss d round,
burnt their Commodes, Drank my Health, broke their Glasses,
and so parted. |
Aut. Gramercy, Clod)! Nay, *twas always a wild young Rogue!
Cha. I like him the better for't hes a pleasant one, Pm sure.

Ant. Well! The Rogue gives him a rare Account of his Travels.
Clo. I gad Sir, I havea Cure for the Spleen; A ha! I know how
to Riggle my self into a Ladies Favour— give me leave when
you please, Sir. =

Cha, Sir, you shall have it this moment — faith I like him
You remember the Conditions Sir, three Parts of your Estate to
him and his Heirs. |
Aut. Sir, he deserves it all: *Tis not a Trifle shall part em:
You see, Charles has given over the World, I'll undertake to buy
his Birth-right for a Shelf of new Books. Pe
Cha, Ay! Ay! Get you the Writings ready with your other
Son's hand to em, for unless he signs, the Conveyance is of no Validity.
|
Ant. I know it Sir
in two Hours 8
Cha. Why then, come along my Lad, and now Ill shew thee
to my Daughter. "NY +
Clo. L dare be shown Sir Allons! Hey, Sutvons, L A-
mour. (Sings) LExeunt.
San. How! My poor Master to be disinherited for Monsieur,
Sa! Sa! there; And Ja Looker on too! If we have studied our
Majors, and our Minors, Antecedents and Consequents to be concluded
Coxcombs at last, we have made a fair hand ont; I am
glad, I know of this Roguery however, I'll take care my Master's
Uocle Old Don Lewis, shall hear of it: For tho he can hardly read
a Proclamation, yet he dotes upon his Learning, and if he be that
Oid Rough, Testy Blade he us'd to be, we may chance to have a
Rubbers with 'em first here he comes Perfecto.

they shall be ready with his Hand

Euter Don Lewis.

D. Lew. Sancho! Where's my Boy Charles ? What is he at it?
Is he at it? Deep-— Deep, I warrant him Sancho! A
little Peep no- one Peep at him through the Key-hole
I must. have a peep. Y

San. Have a care Sir, he's upon a Magical Point.

D. Lew. What, has he lost any thing?

San. Yes Sir, he has lost with a Vengeance.

D. Lew. But what, what, what, what sirrah ! What is.

San. Why, his Birth-right Sir, he is Di di diS—
disinherited. ä [Sobbing.

D. Lew. Ha! how! when! what! where! who! what dost
thou mean? | |

San.

San. His Brother Sir, is to marry Angellina the great Heiress,

to enjoy three parts of his Father's Estate, and my Master is to

have a whole Acre of New Books for setting his Hand to the

Conveyance. 5

D. Lew. This must be a Lie Sirrah ! Iwill have it a Lye.

San. With all my Heart, Sir: But here comes my Old Master,
and that Pick-pocket the Lawyer, they'll tell you more.

Enter Antonio and Lawyer.

Ant. Here Sir, this Paper has your full Instructions: Pray be

speedy Sir, I don't know, but we may couple em to Morrow, be

{ure you make it firm.
Law. Do you secure his Hand, Sir, T defy the Law to give him
Title again. Exit.
San. What think you now Sir?
D. Lew. Why now methinks I'm pleas'd

this is right -——

Pm pleasd — must Cut that Lawyers Throat, tho. must

Bone him — ay! I'll have him Bon'd—— and Potted.
Ant. Brother how ist? | 7
D. Lew. O mighty well — mighty well — let's feel your
Pulse Feavourish. [Looks earnestly in Antonio's Face, and after
some Pause, whistles a Piece of 4 Tune.
Ant. You are merry Brother, |
D. Ley. Its a Lie.
Ant, How Brother ?

D. Lew. A damn'd Lie I am not merry. [Smiling.
Ant, What are you then ? | |
D. Lew. Very angry. | LLaughing.
Ant. Hi! hi! hi! At what Brother? [mimicking him.

Dr. Lew. Why at a very wise Settlement, I have made lately.
Ant. What settlement, good Brother? I find he has heard of it.
D. Lew. Whet do you think I have done I have=—This
deep Head of mine has Disinherited my Elder Son, because
his Understanding's an Honour to my Family, and given it all
to my Yeunger, because he's a Puppy ! A Puppy.

Ant. Come! I guess your meaning Brother.

D. Lew. Do you so Sir! Why then, I must tell you flat and
plain, my Boy Charles must, and shall inherit it.

Ant. I say no, unless Charles had a Soul to value his Fortune:
What! He shou'd manage eight Thousand Crowns a Year our of
the Metaphysicks! Astronomy shou'd look to my Vineyards? Horace
shou'd buy off my Wines, Tragedy shou'd kill my Macton,
History shou'd cut down my Hay, Homer shou'd get in my Corn,
Tityre tu Patulæ look to my Sheep, and Geometry bring in my Harvest
home Hark you Brother, do you know what Learning
is? Pp
D. Lew. What if I don't Sir? I believe its a fine ching, and
that's enough . Tho I can speak no Greek, I love and honour
the Sound of it, and Charles speaks it Loftily; I gad, he thunders it
out Sir, and let me tell you, Sir, if you had ever had the Grace to
have heard but fix lines of Hesiod, or Homer, or Iliad, or any of the
Gr:ek Poets, ods heart! it wou'd have made your Hair stand an
End: Sir, he has read such things in my hearing

Aut. But did you understand 'em, Brother?

D. Lew. I tell you no. What does that signifie? The very Sound's
a sufficient Comfort to an honest Man.

Ant. Fye ! fye! I wonder you'll talk so, you that are old, and
should understand.

D. Lew. Shou'd Sir! Yes, and do, Sir; Sir, I'd have you to know
J have studied, I have run over History, Poetry, Philosophy.

Ant, Yes, like a Cat over a Harpsicord, rare Musick YOu
have read Catalogues I believe: Come, Come, Brother, my
Younger Boy's a fine Gentleman.

D. Lew, A sad Dog I'll buy a prettier fellow in a Penniworth
of Gingerbread. |

Ant. What I propose, I'll do Sir, say you your Pleasure——
Here comes one I mult talk With well Brother, what News?

Enter Charino.

cha. O! to our wishes, Sir: Clody's a right bait for a Giri Sir:
A Budding sprightly Fellow : She's a little shy at first: But I gave
him his Cue, and the Rogue does so whisk, and irisk, and ling,
and dance her about, odsbud ! He plays like a Grey-hound : Noble
Don Lewis, Tam your humble Servant: Come what Jay you 2
Shall I prevail with you to settle some part of your Eilate upon
Young Clody ?
D. Lew. Cloay?

Char, Ay, your Nephew, ©

D. Lew.

18 Love maßes a Man : Or,

D. Lew. Settle upon him!

Cha. Ay - 5

D. Lew. Why look you, I han't much to spare : But J have an
Admirable Horse- ꝓond PI settle that upon him if you will.

Ant. Come Jet him have his way Sir, he's old, and hasty: My
Estate's sufficient, how does your Daughter Sir,

Cha. Ripe, and ready Sir, like a blushing Rose, she only waits
for pulling. ; . :
Anat. Why then, let to morrow be the Day.

Cha, With all my Heart, get you the Writings ready, my Girl
shall be here in the Morning. |

D. Lem. Hark you Sir, do you suppose my Charles shall

cha, Sir, I suppose nothing: What PI] do PIl justify, what
your Brother does let him Answer,

Ant. That I have already, Sir, and so good Morrow to your
Patience Brother. a: [ Exeant.

D. Lem. Sancho l. |

San, Sir, DE | |

D. Lew, Fetch me some Gun-powder —— quick quick——

San. Sir. | „

D. Lew. Some Gun - powder I say -a Barrel quickly
and d'ye hear! Three Penniworth of Ratsbane !—— Hay ay, Pl
blow up one, and Poison the other. -

San. Come Sir, I see what you woud be at, and if you dare
rake my Advice (I don't want Wit at a Pinch Sir) &en let me try,
if can fire my Master enough with thePraises of the young Lady,
to make him Rival his Brother, that wou'd blow 'em up indeed, Sir.

D. Lew. Pshah! impossible, he never spoke six Words to any
Woman in his Life, but his Bed-maker. Fr YR

San. So much the better Sir, therefore if he speaks at all, it's
the more likely to be out of the Road Hark he rings — I
must wait upon him. . Exit.

D. Lew. These damn'd Old Rogues ! — I can't look my poor
Boy in the Face : But come Charles! Let 'em go on, thou shalt
not want to buy thee Books yet That old Fool thy Father,
and his young Puppy shalln't share a Groat of mine between %em !
Nay to plague em, I cou'd find in my Heart to fall sick in a Pett,
give thee my Estate in a Passion, . and leave the World in a Fury.

ACT BE

Enter Antonio, and Sancho.

Ant. IR, he shall have what's fit for him.

San.) No Inheritance, Sir? | |

Ant. Enough to give him Books, and a moderate Maintenance:
That's as much as he cares for; you talk like a Fool, a Coxcomb,
Trouble him with Land 5

San. Must Master Clodio have all Sir?
Ant. All! a}: he knows how to use it: He's a Man bred in
this World, t'other in the Skies, his Business is altogether above
Stairs: Go! See what he wants.

San. A Father I'm sure. (Exit Sancho.

Ant, What, will none of my Rogues come near me now? O!
Here they are.

Enter several Servants.

Well, Sir! in the first place can you procure me a plentisul Dinner
tor about fifty, within two Hours? Your young Master is to be
Married this Morning, will that spur you, Sir?

Coo Young Master, Sir! I wish your Honour had given me 2
little more warning. |
Ant. Sir, you have as much as I had, I was not sure of it half an

Hour ago.

Cook Sir, I will try what I can do- — II/! Pedro] Gusmas !

Come stir ho [ Exit Coo.

Ant. Butler, the Cellar open to all good Fellows, it any Man
fers to sneak away sober, knock him down Is the Musik come?

But. They are within at Breakfast Sir,

Aut. That's well: Here let this Room be clean'd—— You Hussy,
see the Bride Bed made, take care no young Jade cuts the
Cords asunder, and look the Sheets be fine and well scented——
and d'ye hear—— lay on three Pillows! away ! Exeunt.

Carlos alone in his Nudy.

Car. What a perpetual Noise these People make! my Head is
broken with a Parenthesis in every Corner: I have forgot to eat
and sleep, with Reading, all my Faculties turn into Study: What
a Missortune 'tis in Human Nature, that the Body will not live
on that Which feeds the Mind ! ——How unprofitable a Pleasure's
Eating? Sancho, |

Enter Sancho.

San. Did you call, Sir?
Car. Prithee what Noise is this?
San. The Cooks are hard at work, Sir, chopping Herbs, and
mincing Meat, and breaking Marrowbones.

Car. And is it thus at every Dinner? *

San. No, Sir: But we have high Doings to Day. |
Car. Well, set this Folio in its place again, then make me a little

Fire, and get a Manchet, Til dine alone: Does my younger
Brother speak any Greek yet, Sancho.

San. No, Sir, but he spits French like a Magpy, and that's more
in Fashion, ; : ES.

Car. He steps before me there : I think Tread it well enough to
understandit, but when I am to give it Utterance, it quarrels with
my Tongue Again that Noise! Prithee tell me, Sancho, are
there any Princes to dine here? N 2

San. Some that are as happy as Princes, Sir. your Brother's
Married to day. "EG |

Car. What of that! might not Six Dishes serve em? I never
have but one, and cat of that but sparingly.

San. Sir, all the Country round is invited, not a Dog that
knows the House but comes too, all open, Sir,

Car, Prithee who is it my Brother Marrys? |

San. Old Charino's Daughter, Sir, the great Heiress; a delicate
Creature; Young, soft, smooth, fair, plump, and ripe as a Cherry,—
and they say modest too. | 75

Car. That's strange, prithee how do these modest Women look?
T never yet convers'd with any but my own Mother, to me they
ever were but shadows, seen and unregarded.

San. Ah! wou'd you saw this Lady, Sir, shed draw you farther
than your Archimedes, she has a better Secret than any's in
Aristotle, if you'd study for it: I gad you'd find her the prettiest
Natural Philosopher to play wi. 45
Car. Is she so fine a Creature?

San. Such Eyes! such Looks! sueh a pair of pretty, plump, powting
Lips! such Softness in her Voice ! such Mulick too! and when
she smiles, such roguish Dimples in her Cheeks! such a clear Skin /
white. Neck, and a little lower such a pair of round, hard heaving.
what dee callums——— Ah ! 5

Car. Why thou art in Love, Sancho.

San, Ay ! so wou'd you be, if you saw her, Sir.

Cons I don't think so; What Settlement does my Father make

San, Only all his dirty Land, Sir, makes your Brother his sole Heir,

Car, Mult I have nothing ?

San, Books in abundance, leave to study your Eyes out, Sir.

Car, I am the elder born, and have a Title too.

San, No matter for that, Sir, hell have Possession- of the
Lady too. |

Car, I wish him happy
standing too!

San. O, Sir, he's more a Gentleman than to do that
Ods me ! Sir, Sir, here comes the very Lady, the Bride, your Sister
that must be, and her Father,

he'II- not inherit my little Under-

Enter Charino and Angellina.

Stand close, you'll both see and hear, Sir. |

Car. I ne'er sa w any yet so fair! such Sweetness in her Look“
such Modesty ! if we may think the Eye the window to the Heart,
she has a thousand treasur'd Virtues there. 5

San. So / the Book's gone. L Aside.

cha, Come, prithee put on a brisker Look; odsheart, dost thou
think in Conseience that's fit wr thy Wedding day?

Ang. Sir, I with it were not quite so sudden, a little time for
farther Thought perhaps had made it easier to me; To change for
ever is no cr, 0, | |
Cer A Wonder | Cha,

cha. Look you, his Fortune J have taken care of, and his Person
you have no Exceptions to. What, in the Name of Venus,
> wou'd the Girl have? 1 |
Arg. I never said of all the World I made him, Sir, my Choice:
Nay, tho? he be yours, I cannot say Iam highly pleas'd with him,
nor yet am averse, but I had rather welcome your Commands
and him, than Disobedience, ,. |

Cha. O! if that be all, Madam#o make you easie, my Commands
are at your Service. | .

Ang, T have done with my Objections, Sir.

Car. Such Understanding in so soft a Form Happy
Happy Brother may he be Happy, while I fit down in Patience,

and alone I have gaz d too much reach me an
r [Ex. Car. and San.
Cha. I say put on your best Looks Hussyj for here he comes

faith. he. | EEE =

Enter Clodio.

Ah. my dear Clody. wn
Clo. My dear, [K/sses him. dear Dad. Hah! Ma Princesse ! estes
vous la donc! a ha! Non, von, Je ne my Connois Guere, &c. [Sings. ]
Look, look look o sly-boots; what, she knows nothing of the
Matter? but you will, Child- I gad I shall count the Clock
extreamly to Night : Let me fsee——what time shall I rife to Mornot
till after Nine, —'Ten,-—Eleven, for a Pistole.
Ah % a dire Votre Cæur Insensible est en sin vaincu. Non,
non, &c. 53 LSings a second Verse.

Ant, Well said Clody; my noble Brother, welcome; my fair
Daughter, I give you Joy. 5

Clo, And so will I too, Sir. Allons] Vivons ! Chantons ! Dancons !
He) L autre Jour, &c. [Sings and Dances, &c.

Ant., Well said again, Boy. Sir, you and your Writings are
welcome. What, my angry Brother! nay, you mait have your
welcome too, or we {shall make but a flat Feast oc. |
D. Lew. Sir, I am not welcome, nor I won's be welcome, nor
no Body's welcome, and you are all a parcel o

Cha. What, Sir? e

D. Lew, -—— Miserable Wretches {ad Dogs.
Aas. Come, pray Sir, bear with him, he's old and hasty ; hut
hl dine, and be good Company for all this.
D. Lew. A strange Lye, that.
Clo. Ha, ha, ha ! poor Testy, ha, ha!
D. Lem. Don't laugh, my dear Rogue; prithee dont laugh now:
Faich I shall break thy Head if thou dost.
Co. Gats so / what then I find you are angry at me, dear Uncle?
D. Lew. Angry at thee, hay, Puppy! Why what!
what dost thou see in that lovely hatchet Face o' thine, that's
worth my being out of Humour at? Blood and Fire, ye Dog, get
out of my sight, or —
Ant. Nay, Brother, this is too far
D. Lew, Angry at him, a Son of a
Cha, Ha, ha] poor peevish
D. Lew. I'd fain have some body poison him. [To himself.] Ah,
that sweet Creature! Must this fair Flower be cropt to stick up in

Sons, Son of a Whore!

a piece of rascally Earthen Ware? I must speak to her Puppy,
stand out of my way,
Clo. Ha, ha! ay, now for it. |

D. Lew. (To Ang.] Ah! ah! ah / Madam T

pity you; you're a lovely young Creature, and ought to have an
handsome Man yok'd to you, one of Understanding too:
Iam sorry to say it, but this Fellow's Scull's extreamly thick
he can never get any thing upon that fair Body but Muffs and
Snufi-boxes : Or, oy he have a thing shap'd like a Child, you
can make nothing of it but a Taylor.

clo, Ods me ! why you are testy, my dear Uncle.

D. Lew. Will no body take that troublesome Nog out of my
sight I can't stay where he 1s Pll go see my poor Boy
Charles ——Pve disturb'd you, Madam, your humble Servant.

Ant. You'll come again and drink the Bride's health, Brother?

D. Lew. That Lady's health I may; and, if she'll give me leave,
perhaps fit by her at Table too.

Clo. Ha, ha! by Nuncle.

D. Lew. Puppy, good by

Ang. An odd humour'd Gentleman, 5

Ant. Very odd indeed, Child, J suppose in pure spite he H make
my Son Charles his Heir.

Ang. Methinks I wou'd not have a Light Head, nor one laden

with too much Learning, as my Father says this ay»
| 3 ure

[Exit D. Lewis.

sure there's something hid in that Gentleman's concern for him,
that speaks him not so meer a Log.

Ant, Come, shall we go and Seal Brother ? the Priest stays for
us; when Carlos has sign'd the Conveyance, as he shall presently,
we'll then to che Wedding, and so to Dinner. Fa
Cha. With all my heart, Sir.

Clo, Allons ! ma Chere Princesse. [Exeant,

Carlos in his Study, with Don Lewis and Sancho.

D. Lew. Nay, you are undone.

Car, Then I must study, Sir, to bear my Fortune.

D. Lew. Have you no greater feeling ? |

San. You were sensible of the great Book; Sir, when it fell upon
your Head, and won't the Ruin of your Fortune stir you?

Car. Will he have my Books too?

D. Lew. No, no, he has a Book, a fine one too, call d che Gentleman's
Recreation, or the Secret Art of getting Sons and Paughters;
such a Creature / a Beauty in Folio] wou'd chou hadit her
in thy Study, Carlos, tho' it were but to new Clasp her.

San. He has seen her, Sir.

C. Lew. Well, and and

San, He flung away his Book, Sir.

D. Lew. Did he Faith / wou'd he had flung away his Humour
too, and spoke to her.

Car. Must my Brother then have all?

D. Lew. All, all.

San. All that your Father has, Sir.

Car. And that fair Creature too?

San. Ay, Sir.

D. Lew. Hay

Car. He has enough then. 5 | [fbghing,

D. Lew. He have her, Charles I why wou'd ! wou'd! that is---hay /

Car, May I not see her sometimes, and call her Sister? PH do
him no wrong, |

D. Lew. I can't bear this! *sheart I cou'd cry for madness ! Flesh
and Fire ! do but speak to her, Man. ”

Car, I cannot, Sir, her Look requires something of that distant
awe, Words of that soft respect, and yet such force and meaning
too, that I shou'd stand Consounded to approach her, and yer J
Jong to Wil her Joy! O were I born to give it too/
D. Lem.

a e Pop $5 Fortune. 27
D. Lew. Why thou shalt wish her Joy, Boy: Faith she is a good |
humour'd Creature, she'll take it kindly. | |
Car. Do you think so, Uncle?

D. Lew. I'll to her, and tell her of you.

Car. Do, Sir stay Uncle——= Will she no hink me rude,
I wou'd not for the World offend her?

D. Lev. Fend, a Fiddle-stick let mealone———Pl-:-Pll,
Car. Nay, but Sir! dear Uncle. 85
D. Lew. A hum! a hum / [Exit D. Lewis.

Euter Antonio a Lawyer with 4 Writing,

Ant. Where's my Son? 1

Sar. There, Sir, casting a Figure what chopping Children his
Brother shall have, and where he shall find a new Father for himself.

Ant, I shall find a stick for you, Rogue, I ihall. Charles, how

dost thou do? Come hither, Boy.

Car. Your pleasure, Sir? | 1

Ant. Nay, no great matter, Child, only to put your Name
here a little to this bit of Parchment, I think you write a reasonable
good Hand, Charles, _

Car. Pray, Sir, to what use may it be?

Ant. Only to pass your Title in the Land I have, to your Brother
Clodio.

Car. Is it no more, Sir?

Law. That's all, Sir. |

Axt. No, no, tis nothing else: Look you, you shall be provided
for, you shall have what Books you please, and your Means {hall
come in without your Care, and you shall always have a Servant
to wait on you.

Car. Sir, I thank you; but, if you please, I had rather Sign it
before the good Company below, it being, Sir, so frank a Gist "twill
be some small Complement to have it done before the Lady too:
There I shall Sign it cheerfully, and wish my Brother Fortune.

Ant, With all my heatr, Child, it's the same thing to me.

Car, You'll excuse, me, Sir, if I make no great itay with yon.
Aut. Do as thou wilt, thou shalt do any thing thou halt a mind

to. | un ie { EXtazh,
San. Now has he undone himself for ever; odsheart, Ill down
Into the Cellar and be stark drunk for Anger. [Exit

3 $4 + [4 2 Wil; . 2
D The

28 ove makes d Man: Ur,

The SCENE changes to 4 Dining-Room, a. large Table spread.

Ester Charino with Angellina, Clodio, Don Lewis, Ladies, Priest
aud Lawyer.

Law. Ome, let him bring his Son's Hand, and all's done: Are
you ready Sir? |

Priest. Sir, I shall dispatch them presently, immediately! for in
truth TI am an hungry.

Clo. Tged, I warrant you the Priest and I cou'd both fall to
without saying Grace Ha!] you little Rogue / What, you
think it long too? |

Ang. I find no fault, Sir; better things were well done, than done
too hastily————-Sir, you look melancholy, LI D. Lewis.
D. Lew. Sweet swelling Blossom / Ah that I had the gathering
of thee! I wou'd stick thee in the Bosom of a pretty young Fellow
Ah / thou hast miss?d a Man (but that he is so hewitch'd
to his Study, and knows no other Mistress than his Mind) so far
above this Feather-headed Puppy—

Arg. Can he talk, Sir?

D. Lew. Like an Angel to himself —— the Devil a word
to a Woman: His Language is all upon the high Business to Heav'n,
and heavenly Wonders, to Nature, and her dark and secret Causes.

Ang. Does he speak so well there, Sir?
D. Lew. To Admiration ! such Curiosities ! but he can't look a
Woman in the Face, if he does he blushes like fifteen.
Ang. But a little Conversation, methinks

D. Lew. Why so I think too: But the Boy's bewitch'd, and the

Devil can't bring him to't ; Shall I try if I can get him to wish you

J AM I shall receive it as becomes his Sister, Sir.
Clo. Look, look, old Testy will fall in Love by and by, he's hard
at it, split me. . 8
cha. Let him alone, she'l] fetch him about, I warrant vou.
Clo. So, here my Father comes / now Priest! hey! my Brother
too / that's a wonder! broke like a Spirit from his Cell.

Euter Antonio «nd Carlos.

D. Lew. odso here he is / that's he ! a little inclining to
or so, but his Understanding's the fatter for'r.

the lean,

Ani.

Ast. Come, Charles, twas your desire to see my fair Daughter,
and the good Company, and then to Seal before em all, and give
your Brother Joy. . 93 5
Cha. He does well, I shall think the better of him as long as I live.
Car. Is this the Lady, Sir? |
Ant. Ay, that's your Sister, Charles.
Car. . it Love / (aside.) Do you not think she'll grace our
Family? BN .
Di i doubt on't, Sir. |
Car. Shou'd I not thank her for so unmerited a Grace?
Ant. Ay, and welcome, Charles. —
D. Lew. Now my Boy / give her a gentle twist by the Fingers!
lay your Lips sottly, softly, close and plum to hers. {apart ro Car.
Car. Pardon a Stranger's freedom, Lady. (/alutes Ang.) Dissolving
Softness / O the drowning Joy Happy! Happy he that sips
eternally such Nectar down, that unconfind may lave and wanton
there insateless Draughts of ever springing Beauty- But you, |
fair Creature, share by far the higher Joy, if, as ve read, (nay now
am sure) the sole Delight of Love lies only in the Power to give.
Ang. How near his Thoughts agree with mine! This the meer
Scholar I was told of / (siae.) I ind, Sir, you have experienc'd
Love, you seem acquainted with the Passion,
Car. Pve had indeed a dead pale glimpse in Theory ; but never
saw eth'enlivening Light before.
Ang. Ha! before! Aide.
Ant. Well, these are very fine Complements, charles: But you
fy nothing to your Brother yet.
car. O yes, and with him, Sir, with any other Beauty (if possible)
more lasting Joy than I cou'd taste with her.
Ang. He speaks unhappily.
Clo, Ha. What do you say, Brother?
Ant. Nay, for my part, I dont understand him.
Cha. Norl. |
D. Lem. Stand clear, I do and that sweet Creature too, I
3 hope. | |
ol Too well, I tear. Coe | [ Aside.
Ant. Come, come, to the Writing, Charles, prithee leave thy
studying Man, 1 be 1-3 S000
Car, VI] leave my Life first, I study now tobe a Man, before
what Man was, was but my Argument II now am on the
roof! I find I feel my felt a Man- nay, I fear it toc

D. Lew. He has it! he has it! my Boy?! s in for't.
Clo, Come, come, will you :

D. Lew. Stand out of the WY; Puppy.
- [Interposing 1 his 11 to Clo.
Car. Whence is it, Fair, that while I offer speech to you, my
Thoughts want Words, my Words their free and honest utterance?
Why is it thus I tremble in your Touch, and fear your Frown,
as wou'd a frighted Child the dreadful Lightning ? Yet shou'd my
dearest Friend or Brother dare to check my vain deluded Wishes,
O ! shou'd turn and tear him like an offended Lyon Is his
can it, must it be in a Sister's Power? |

Clo. Come, come, will you Sign, Brother.

D. Lew. Time enough, Puppy. |

Car. Ol if you knew with what precipitated hasle you hurry on
a Decd that makes you Blest or Miserable tor ever, ev'n yet, near
as you are to Happiness,you'd find no danger 1n a Moment s pause.

Clo. I say, will you sign, Brother?
Car. Away, I have no time for T rifles! Room for an elder

Brother.
D. Lem. Why, did not I bid thee stand out of the way
Ant. Ay, but this 1s ting, Charles! come, come, your hand,
Man.

Car, Your pardon, Sir, I cannot Seal; yet, had you only
shew'd me Land, I had resign'd it free, and proud to have
bestow'd it to your pleasure: Tis Care, tis Dirt and Trouble:
But you have open'd to me such a Treasure, such unimagin'd
Mines of solid Joy, that I perceive my Temper stubborn now,
ev'n to a churlisn Avarice of Love Heaven direct my
Fortune.

Ant. And so you won't part with your Title, Sir?

Car. Sooner with my Soul of Reason, be à Plant, a Beast, 4
Fish, a Fly, and only make the Number 'of things up, than yield
one foot of Land if she be ty'd to't.

Cha. I don't like this, he talks odly methinks?

Ang. Yet with a bravery of Soul might warm the coldest Heart.

4 (ide,

Co. P shaw, Pox, prithee Brother, you bad better think of

those r in your Study, Man!

Car.

Car. Go you and study, for tis time, young Brother; turn o'e
the Te dious Volumes I have read, think and digest them well!
The whole somest Food for green Consumptive Minds! wear out
Whole fasted Days, and by thy pale weak Lamp, pore away the
freezing Nights; rather make dim thy Sight, than leave thy Mind
in Doubt and Darkness: Confine thy useless Travels to thy Closet,
traverse the Wise, and Civil Lives, of good and great Men
Dead; Compare em with the Living: Tell me why Ce/ar perisnt
by the Hand that lov'd him most, and why his Enemies deplor'd
him? Distil the Sweetness from the Poets Spring, and learn to
soften thy Desires, nor dare to dream of Marriage Vows, till thou
hast taught thy Soul, like mine, to Love——Is it for thee to wear
a Jewel of this inestimable Worth? 3
D. Lew. Ah! Charles ! (Xisses him.) What say you to the Scholar
now, Chicken? — 2 2'
Ang. A Wonder! Is this Gentleman your Brother, Sir?
clo. Hay! No, my—— Madam, not quite that is, he is a
little a kin by the——Pox on him, wou'd he were buried I
can't tell what to say to him, split me.
Aut. Positively you will not seal then / ha! _
Car. Neither showd not blindly say I will not seal----let me
intreat a moments Pause- for, even yet, perhaps, I may, [Sighing |

Ang. Forbid it, Fortune!

Ant. O ! may you so, Sir! Y
clo. Ay! Sir, hay! What, you are come to your self J find |
——sheart|! | |
Cha. Ay, ay, give him a little time, he'll think better on't, |
warrant you. | Y
Car. Perhaps, Fair Creature, I have done you wrong, whoft |

Plighted Love and Hope went hand in hand together: But Icon- is
jure you, think my Life were liateful aiter so bate, so barbarous an
AQ as parting em: What loco lay waste at once for ever, all the |
gay Blossoms of your forward Fortune, the promised Wishes of |
your young Desire; your ftruittul Beauty, and your springing Joy,
your thriving Svfiness, and your cluster'd Kisses, growing on the
Lips of Love, devour'd with an uachirstv Infants Appetite! O

forbid Love! forbid it Nature and Humanity I have no Land,
no Fortune, Life, or Being, while your Næcessity of Peace requires
em: Say! or give me need to chiuk your imalleit Hope depends |
on my objected Ruin, my Ruin is my Safety there; my Fortune,
or my Liie resigned witli joy, to your Account of happy hours |

Cha. Why ay! There's some Civility in this.
Clo. The Fellow really talks very prettily.

suffer Marriage, or what yet be worse, give it as an extorted
Bond, impos d on the simplicity of your Lonth, and dare confess
you wish some honest Friend wou'd save, or free you from its
hard Conditions, I then again have Land, have Life, and Resolution
waiting (till upon your happier Fortune.

this will come tos? | | |
Priest. In truth, unless some body is Married presently , the

eat it.
Ant. Brother I say let's remove the Lady.
Force her from him: | |
Car. Tis too late! I have a Figure here! sooner Bodies leave
their Shade, as well you might attempt to shut old Time into a
Den, and from his Downy Wings wash the swift hours away, or
steal Eternity to stop his Glass; so fix'd, so rooted here is every
growing thought of her.

Clo. Gats me: What now it's troublesome again, is it?
Car. Conlider Fair One, now's the very Crisis of our Fate: Lou
cannot have it sure, to ask if Honour be the Patient of my Love::
If you can Love for Love, and think your Heart rewarded there,
like two young Vines well curl together, circling our Souls in never
2 Joy; we'll spring together, and we'll bear one Fruit;
one Joy shall make us smile, one Sorrow mourn; one Age go
with us, one Hour of Death shall shur our Eyes, and one cold

Grave {hall hold us happy Say, but you hate me not! O

peak / Give but the softelt Breath to that transporting Thought

Ang. Need I then speak, to say, I'm far from hating you
I wou'd say more, but there is nothing fit for me to say,
Cha. PII bear it no longer —-——
Ang. On this you may depend, I cannot like that Marriage was
propos d me. | :
Car. How shall my Soul requite this Goodness ?

Rape

Aut. Part em.

Clo. Ay! ay! Part em, part 'em.

D. Lew. Doll | lum | dum [Sizgs, and drams in their defence,
* \ Qffice Wenn,... |

Car. But if in bare Compliance to a Father's Will, you now but

Clo. Ha! ha! Pert enough, that Igad! I long to see what

Dinner will be spoil'd, and then — no body will be able to

Cha. Beyond Patience! This is downright Insolence! Roguery |

20 F Fortune. 31
Ang, Nay then I am reduc'd to take Protection here. {Goes toCarios
Car. O Ex tasie of Heart ! transporting Joy?
D. Lew, Lorra ! Dorroll | Loll ! [Sings and Dances, |
Cha, A Plot! a Plot, against my Honour: Murther! Treason ! |

Gun- powder, Ill be reveng'd ! |
4p. Sir, you shall have fatisfaQtion,

C5. Ill be reveng'd

Ant. Carlo, I say forego the Lady.

Car. Never, while I have sense of Being, Life or Motion.
C/o, You won't! Gatso! What then, I find I must lug out upon
this Business, Allons! The Lady Sir:

D. Lew. Lora! Dorroll! Loll! {Presenting his Point to Clodio.

Cha, I'll have his Blood | |

Car. Hold Uncle! Come Brother, sheath your Anger Pl |
do my best to satisfy you all but first, IT wou'd intreat a Blef- |
ling here, | . |

Ant. Out of ny Doors ! thou art no Son of mine / [Exit Ant. |

Car, I am sorry I have lost a Father, Sir For you Brother,
{since once you had a seeming Hope, in lieu of what you've lost,. |
balt of my Birth-right. |

(lo. No halss! no halfs Sir, the whole Lady

Car. Why then the whole, if you can like the Terms.

Clo. What Terms? What Terms? Come quick, quick.

Car. The first is this (Snatches D. Lewis's Sword) Win her,
and wear her; for on my Soul unless my Body fail, my Mind shall
never yield thee up a thought in Love. |

D. Lew. Gramercy Charles! To him Boy! I gad! This Love
has made a Man of him.

Car. This is the first good Sword, I ever pois'd in Anger yer ;*tis
sharp I'm sure, if it but hold my putting home, I shall so hunt
your Infolence! -——- I feel the fire of ten strong Spirits in me.
Wert thou a Native Fencer, in so fair a Cause, I thus shou'd hold
thee at the worst desiance. |

Clo, Look you Brother, take care of your self, I shall certainly |
be in you the firstthrust, but if you had rather de'e see, we'll talk |
a little calmly about this Business.

Car. Away Trifler { I wou'd be loath to prove thee a Coward too.

Clo. Coward! Why then really, Sir, if you please Midriffd's the
Word, Brother you are a Son of a Whore Alloas | [They fight,

2” and Clodio is disarm'd.

Cha, His Blood! I say his Blood! ITI have it by all the Scars

and Wounds of Hounour i my Family, Exit. Car.

32 Tove makes a Man: Or, ai

Car. There Sir: Take your Life—and mend it —begon without

Reply. | ; 1

Ang. Are you not wounded Sir? 5
Car. Only in my Fears for you: How shall we bestow us, Uncle?
D. Lew. Positively we are not fate here, this Lady being an Heiress:

Follow me. x OP
car. Good Angels Guard us. [Exeunt with Ang,
clo. Gatso! I never fenc'd so ill in all my Life — never in my

Life, split me“
Enter Monsieur,

Mon. Sayr here be de Trompete, de Haut——bois, de Musique,
de Maitre Dancer, dey deseer to know if you sal be please to ave
de Masque begin.

Clo. Hay ! What does this Puppy say now? ®

Mon. Sayr de Musique. 5
Clo, Why ay — that's true but tell em plague on em,
tell em they are not ready tun'd. 5

Mon. Sayr dere is all Tune, all prepare.

Clo. Ay! Why then tell em that my Brother's wise again, and
has spoiPd all, and I am bubbled, and so I shan't be married till
next time: But IT have fought with him, and he has disarm'd me,
and so he won't release the Land, nor give me my Mistress again,
and IT am undone, that's all. _ [Exenzr,

Enter Charino, Antonio, Officers and Servants,

Cha. Officer do your Duty: I say, seize em all.
Ant. Carry 'em this minute before a how now! what all fled !
Cha, Ha! my Girl! my Child ! my Heiress! Iam abus d! I'm
cheated ! Tam robb'd: I am raviih'd, murder'd, and flung a Ditch.
Ant. Who let em out! Which way went they, Villains?
Ser, Sir we had no Order to stop em: But they went out at that
Door, not six Minutes ago.
Cha, I'll pursue 'em with Bills, Warrants, Actions, Writs, and
Malice: Im a Lawyer, Sir, They shall find 1 understand Ruine.
Ant. Nay, they shall be found Sir, run you to the Port, Sirrah,
sce if any Ships are going off, and bring us notice immediately.

Enter

Enter Sancho Drank,

San. Ban, ban, Cac-caliban ! [Sings. |

Ant, Here comes a Rogue, I'll warrant, knows tlie bottom of
all! where's my 50n, Villain? | |

San. A huh! Son Sir!

Cha, Where's my Daughter, Sirrah ? |
San, Davugiter Sir! ahuh! 1
cha. Ay, my Daughter Rascal ! |
San. Why Sir, they told me just now Sir — that she's ahuh ! — *]
he's run away. — we |
Ant. Dog, where's your Master ? N
San. My Master ! why they say he is ahuh!
Aut. Where Sirrah? _ |
San. Why he 15---he 1s— gone along with her.

Ant. Death! you Dog ditcover him, or
Jan. Sir, I will I will.
Ant. Where is he, Villain?

San, Where Sir! Why to be sure he is he is upon my
Soul, I don't know Sir.

Aut. No more trifling Rascal. 3
Sax, It I do Sir, I wish this may be my Poison. [Drinks
Ant, Death! you Dog get out of my House, or PIl-—lo Sir,

have you found him ?

Re. enter the Se; vant hastily, and Clodio.

Clo. Ay Sir, have you found 'em? |
Ser, Yes Sir, I had fight of em: But they were just got aboard

a small Vessel, before I cou'd overtake 'em.
Cha. Death and Furies
Ant. Whither were they bound, Sirrah ?

Ces. Sir, I cou'd not discover that: But they fsaiid full before
the Wind, with a very smart Gale. |
Ant, What shall we do Brother?

C/o, Be as smart as they Sir: Follow *em | Follow 'em.

Cha. Send ta the Port this moment, and secure a Ship: Il pursue
em thro' all the Elements

Clo. III follow you, by the Northern Star,

To et 2 Mart Or,

Ant. RR Port again, Rogue: Hire a Ship, and tell 'em
they must lic it Sail immediately. ©

Glo. And you Rogue, run to my Chamber, fill up my Snuff.
box-—- Cram it hard you Dog, and be here again before you get
thither. . Eng
Ant. What will you take nothing else, Boy! ;
Clo. Nothing Sir, but Snuff, and Opportunity — we're in haste !

Allons | hey! Je vole. 1 Exit.

The SCENE Lisbon.
Enter Elvira, Don Duart, and Governozur.
Bie Brother, let me intreat you, stay: Why will you

provoke your Danger?
D. Da. Madam, my Honour must be satisfied.

Elv. That's done already by the degrading Blow you gave him.

Gov. Pray Neice what is it has incens'd him?

Elv. Nothing but a needless Quarrel.
Gov. I am sorry for him To whom is all this Fury Nephew ?

D. Da. To you Sir, or any Man that dares oppose me.

Gov. Come, You are, too boisterous Sir, and this vain Opinion
of your Courage, taken on your late Success in Duelling, makes
you daily shun'd by Men of civil Conversation ; for thame leave
off these senseless Brawls; if you are Valiant, as you wou'd be
thought, turn out your Courage to the Wars, let your King and
Country be the better for t. | |

D. Da. Yes, so I might be General Sir, no Maa living shall |
command me. : 3

on only: But never Means, or Favour. A
D. Da, Fire! and Furies! I am tutor d here like a meer School- |

Gov. Sir, you shall find that here in Lisbon I will:

I'm ever

Hour follow'd with Complaints of your Behaviour from Men of |

almost all Conditions; and my Authority, which you presume
will bear you out, because you are my Nephew, no longer shall
protect you now: Expect your next Disorder to be punish'd with
as much Severity, as his that is a Stranger to my Blood.

D. Da, Punish me! You, nor your Office dare not do't.

Gov, Away! Justice dares do any thing she ought.

Ev, Brother, this Brutal Temper mutt be cast off: When you
can master that, you gladly shall command my Fortune. Bur if
you still persist, expect my Prayers and Vows for

boy ! Women shall judge of Injuries in Honour !----For you Sir
L was-born free, and will not curb my Spirit, nor is it for your

Authority to tempt it: Give me the Usage of a Man of Honour,
[ Ext, 1

or *tis not your Government shall protect you.
Gov. I am sorry to see this, Neice, for your sake,
Ev. Wou'd he were not my Brother.

Enter Don Manuel, and Sailors with Angellina.

D. Ma. Divide the Spoil amon
ly challenge for my felt.
Gov. Ha ! Some Prize brought in.
Sail, Sir, she's yours; you fought, and well deserve her.
Gov. Noble Don Manuel! Welcome on shore! I sce you are
Fortunate : For I presume that's some Uncommon Prize. |
D. Ma, She is indeed These ten Years I have known the
Sea, and many rough Engagements there: But never saw so small
a Bark so long defended, with such incredible Valour, and by two
Men scarce arm'd too |
Gov. Ist possible? "4s
D. Ma. Nay, and. their Contempt of Death, when taken, exceeds
even all they acted in their Freedom.
Gov. Pray tell us inn. |

oft you: This fair Captive I onready

to be fetter'd, they look'd as they had sworn never to take
the Bread of Bondage, and on a sudden snatehing up their Swords
(the younger taking first from this fair Mard a farewel only with
his Eyes) both leapt into the Sea. |

your Conversi- |

D. Ma. When they were brought aboard us, both disarm'd and

ES - Love makes a Man: or,
D. Ma. It wrought so much upon me (had not our own Safety
hindred, at that time a great Ship pursuing us) I wou'd in Chari-
1 ta'n em up and with their Lives they shoud have had
Liberty. | | | |
% 7g Too late, alas! they're lost ! Cheart-wounding thought !)
for ever lost ! I now am Friendless, Miserable, and a Slave.
D. Mz. Take Comsort, Fair one, perhaps you yet again may ice
em: They were not quite a League from shore, and with such
Strength and Courage broke through the Rolling Waves, they
coud not fail of Lite and Safety.
Ang. In that last hope, I brook a wretched Being: But if they're
dead, my Woes will find so many Doors to let out Life, I shall
not long survive en. | | PEE
Flv. Alas poor Lady! Come Sir, Misery but weeps the more
when {he is gaz'd on — we trauble her. Oe
Gov. I wait on you, your Servant Sir Ex. Elv. and Gov.
D. Ma. Now my fair Captive, tho I confess you beautiful: yet
give me leave to own my Heart has long been in another's keeping:

Therefore the Favour I am about to ask, you may at least

hear with Safety. |

Ang. This has engaged me, Sir, to hear.

D. Max. These three Years, I have honourably lov'd a Noble
Lady, her Name Louisa, the Beauteous Neice of great Ferrara's
Duke: Her Person and Fortune uncontroul'd, sole Mistress of her
self and me, who long have languish'd in an Hopeless Conftancy :
Now I perceive, in all your Language and your Looks, a softning
Power, nor can a Suit by you promoted be denied: Therefore 1
wou'd a while intreat your leave to recommend you, as her Companion,
to this Lady's Favour: And (as I am sure you'll soon be
near her closest Thoughts) if you can think upon the honest Courtesies
J hitherto have shown your Modesty, and in your happy
Talk, but name with any mark of Favour me, or my unwearied
Love, *twou'd be a generous Act, wou'd fix me ever grateful to
its Memory. gs

Ang. Such poor Aflistance Sir, as one distress'd like me can give
shall willingly be paid: If I can steal but any Thoughts from my
own Misfortunes, rest assur'd, they'll be employ'd in healing yours.

D. Ma. VI study to deserve this Goodness : For the present think
my poor House your own, at Night Ill wait on you to the Lady:
Till when I am your Guard, |
Ang. You've bound me to your Service

Ex. D. Man. and

The Fop s Fortune. 37 q
The SCENE changes to a Church, the Vespers suppos'd to be just ended,
several walking out: Carlos and Don Lewis rising near Louisa i
and Honoria, Louisa observing Carlos. ö

Hon, Come, Madam, shall we walk out? The Croud's pretty |
well over now. | f
Lou. But then that melancholy Softness in his Look ! [To her self. |
Hon. Cousin! Donna Louisa ! ;
Lou. Ev'n in his Devotions too, such graceful Adoration——— |
so sweet a
Hon,” Cousin, will you go?

\ | Loa. Pihah, time enough Prithee let's walk a little this j
FT way. |
\ Hon, What's the matter with her?(They walk, D. Lew. and Carlos. |

Car. To what are we reseryd !- 0
D. Lew. For no good, I am afraid my ill Luck don't use to
give over, when her hand's in, she's always in haste one Misforrune
generally comes galloping in upon the back of another —— *'
Drowning we have escap'd miraculously, wou'd the Fear of Hang- |
ing were over too: Our being so strangely sav'd from one, smells '|
damnable rank of the other. Tho? I am oblig'd to thee, Charles,
for what Lite I have, and PI] thank thee fort if ever I set foot up- .|
on my Estate again: Faith I was jast gone, if thou hadst not taken
me upon thy Back the last hundred Yards, by this time I had been
Food for Herrings and Mackerel But it's pretty well as it is:
For there is not much difference between Starving and Drowning
all in good time We are poor enough on Conscience, and I don't
know, but two days more fasting might really make us hungry too.
Lou. They are Strangers then, and seem in some Necessity.
"0 | leide.
Car, These are light Wants to me, I find 'em nc ne, when wed 1
with Angellinas Loss: When I reflect on her Distress, the Hardships
and the Cries of helpless Bondage, the insolent, the deaf Desires f
Men in Power, O! I cou'd wish the Fate that favd us from the
Occan's Fury, in kinder pity of our Loves Distress, had buried us
in one Wave embracing.
Lou. How tenderly he talks! This were indeed a Lover! [4{i4e,
D. Lew. A most unhappy Loss indeed: Bur come, don't despair,
Boy: The Ship chat took us was a Portuguese, of Lisbon too, I be-
ho knows but some way or other we may hear of her yet.

Car. In that poor Hope I live——— © thou dread Power ! stupendous

Author of Universal Being, and of thy wondrous Works, LP

that Virgin- Wife the Master-piece, look down upon her: Let the
bright Virtues of her untainted Mind sue for, and protect her: O
let her Youth, her spotless Innocence, to which all Passages in
Heaven stand open, appear before thy Throne distress'd, and meet
some Miracle to save her. as. r”
Toa. Who wou'd not dye to be so pray'd for? [Aside.
D. Lew. Faith, Charles, thou hast pray'd heartily, Il say that for
z thee, so that if any good Fortune will pay us a Vil:t, we are ready
to receive her now, as soon as she pleases, Come, dont be melancholy.
.
Car. Havel not cause ? Were not my Force of Faith superiour
to my hopeless Reason, I cou'd not bear the Insults of my Fortune:

But I have raisd my self, by elevated Faith, as far above Despair,

Aas Reason lifts me from the Brute.

D. Lew, Why now wou d not this make any one weep, to hear a
young Man talk so finely, when he is almost tamijh'd 9
Lou. What were you saying, Cousin ? |
Hon. T wou'd have said, Madam, but you wou'd not hear me.
Lou. Prithee forgive. me, I was in the oddeit Thought: Let's
Walk a little. Pll have him dogg'd. (Aside.) Jaques (Whispers)
hat Was't you ask'd me Cousin? ry 4
Hin. The Reason of your Aversion to Don Manuel, ydu know he
loves you. |
Lou. J hate his Love. 75 8
Hon, But why pray? you know he's Honourable, so is his Family,
nor is his Fortune less, I shou'd think, the more desireable, because
his Courage and his Conduct on the Seas have rais'd it, nay,
with all this he's extreamly modest too.
Tou. Therefore I might hate him.
Hon. For his Modesty?
Tol. Is any thing so sleepy, so flat and insupportable, as a modest
Lover! |
Hon. Wou'd you bear Impudence in a Lover? |
Lou. I don't know; it's more tolerable in the Man, than the Woman,
and there must be Impudence on the one side before they
can both come to a right Understanding. |
Hon. Why, what wou'd you have him do? 7 |
Loa. That's a very home Question, Coulin, but if I lik'd him I

cou'd tell you,

Lou. Then T wowd not tell you.
Hon. Why? |

Lou. Cause I shou'd have more Discretion.

Hon. Bless me ! Sure you wou'd not do any thing you wou'd

be asham'd to tell? |
Lon. That's true: But if one shou d, you know 'twou'd be filly

to tell. No Woman wou'd be fond of Shame sure.
jon. But there's no avoiding it in a shameful Action.
Lou. Don't be so positive. _
Hon. All your Friends wou'd shun you, point at you.

Lou. And yet you sec there's a world of Friendship and good

Breeding among all the Women of

Quality.
Hon, Suppose there be ?

Lou. Why then J suppose that a great many of them are mightily

hurried in the Care of their Reputation.
Hon, So you conclude, that a Woman doing an ill Thing, does
her self no harm while her Reputation's fate.

Lou. It does not do her so much harm, and, of two Evils, I'm |

always for chusing the least,
Hon. What need you chuse either? | |
Loa. Because I have a vast Fortune in my own Hands, and love
dearly to do what I have a mind to.
Hon, Why won't you marry then?

Lou. Because then I mult only do what my Husband has a mind

to: And Fhate to be govern d, on my Soul I wou'd not merry to

be an Exe/sb Wife; not but the dear jolting of a Hackney Coach,

and an easie Husband, are strange Temptations : Rut from the
cold Comfort of a fine Coach with Springs, and a dull Husband
with none, good Love deliver me: But then the Insolence of ours

is insupportable, because the nasty Laws gives em a Power over.

us, which Nature never design'd em: For my part, I had rather
be in Love all days of my Lite than Marry.
Hon, That is, you had rather bear the Disease than have
the Cure, = 0 |
Lou. Marriage is indeed a Cure for Love: Bur Love's a Disease
I wou'd never be cur'd of: Therefore no more Phyfick, dear
Coutin, no more Husbands -—- I hate your bitter Draughts
YH but Iam atraid I am a little teaverish—= You'll think me
Hon. What's the matter?

Lon.

this

Lou. Did you observe those Strangers that have walk'd by us?
Hon. Not much, but what of them? 1
Tou. Did you hear nothing of their Talk? Fs
Hon. I think I did; one of em, the younger, seem'd concern'd for
2 lost Mistress. S |

Lou. Ay, but so near, so tenderly concern'd, his Looks as well
as Words, speaking an inward Grief that cou'd not slow from
the result of every common Passion: I must know more of him,
Hon. What do you mean? 25 $a
Lou. —Must speak to him.
Hon. By no means. |
Lou. Why you see they are Strangers, I believe in some Necessity;

and since they seem not born to beg Relief, to offer it unask'd
wou'd add some Merit to the Charity.

Hen, Consider.

Loa, I hate it Sir Sir

D. Lew. Wou'd. you speak with me, Madam?

Lou. If you please, with your Friend — nat to interrupt you,

Car. .Your pleasure, Lady?

Lou. You seem a Stranger, Sir.

Car, A most Unfortunate one.

Lov, If I am not deceiv'd, in Want: Pardon my Freedom
if I have err'd, as freely tell me so: If not, as earnest of your better
Fortune, this Trifle sues for your Acceptance.

D. Lew. Take it, Boy.

Car. A Bounty so unmerited, and from an Hand unknown, . fills
me with Surprize and Wonder: But give me leave in honesty to
warn you, Lady, of a too heedless Purchase ; for if you mean it
as the Bribe to any Evil you wou'd have me practise, be not offended
it I dare not take it. |

Lon. How affably he talks, how Chaste, how Innocent his

Thoughts! he must be won !-——- (Hat.) You are too scrupulous,
I have no hard designs upon your Honeity ; Only
be Wise and Cautious if you shou'd follow me: I am

observ'd, farewel. Jaques! Will you walk, Cousin ?
(Whispers Jaques.) and bring me word immediately |
I am going home, (Ex. Lou. aud Hon.
D. Lew, Let's see, odsheart / follow her Man why tis
21] Gold / + 5 |

Car, Dispose it as you please.

T he Fop's Fortune. At.
D. Lew, Il first have a better Title to'r——<=Sno, tis all thine;
Boy hold an hundred Pistoles she's some great Fortune in
love with you I say follow her since you have lost
one Wife before you had her, I'd have you make sure of another
before you lose her. 2 | 8
Car. Fortune indeed has dispossessd her of my Person But her
firm Title to my Heart, not all the subtle Arts or Laws of Love
can shake or violate. : | |
D. Lem. Prithee follow her now / methinks I'd fain see thee in

Bed with some body before I dye.

Car. Be not so poor in Thought, let me intreat you rather to
employ 'em, Sir, with mine, in search of Angellinas Fortune.

D. Lew. Well, dear Charles, don't chide me now. Ido love thee,
a nd I will follow thee | L Exeunt,

Enter Antonio and Charino. SCE NE the Street.

Ant. You hear what the Sailor said, Brother, such a Ship has
put in here, and such Persons were taken in it. Therefore my
Advice is immediately to get a Warrant from the Government to
search and take em up whereever we can find em. |
Cha. Sir, yon mult not tell me I won't be chous'd of my
Daughter, I shall expect her, Sir; if not Pll take my Course, I
know the Law. „ [Walks about.
Ant. You really have a great deal of dark Wit, Brother, but if
you know any Course better than a Warrant to search for her,
in the Name of Wisdom take it, if not here's an Oatli, and your's,

and how now, where's elo oh, here he comes
Enter Clodio searching his Pockets,
How now | What's the matter, Boy? | |
Cle. Ay, it's, gone, split me. |
Ant. What's the. matter? Clouder.

Clo. The best Joint in Chriftendom.

Ant. Clody!
Clo. Sir, I have lost my Snuff- box. 1
Ant. P'shaw, a Trifle, get theo another, Man.

Clo, Sir, *tis not to be had besides, I dare not show my
Face at Paris without it. What dv you think her Grace will say
to- me? N 4

Ch.

41 Live makes 4 Man: Or,

Ca. Well, upon second Thoughts I am Content to search.
Cho. T have search'd all my Pockets fifty times over, to no

purpose.

Cha. Pockets!

Cio. It's impossible to fellow it, but in Paris I'll go to Paris,
split me. ape...

Hh * To Paris / Why you don't suppose my Daughter? s there,

Clo. I don't know but she may, Sir; but I am sure they make
the best Joints 1 in Europe there.

Cha. Joints ! my Son- in- Law that shou'd ha been, seems
strangely alter d for the worse. But come, let's to the G0
vernor.

C/o. Pll have it cry'd, faith, or, if that won t do, odds, I have
a lucky Thought, III offer thirty Pistoles to the finder,in the Paris
Gazette, in pure Complement to the Favours of Madam la Dutchess
&.—— Mum. I'll do't Faith.

Ant. Come along Clod). [Ex. Ant. 3 Charino.

Clo, Sir, I mult look a little, Pll follow you presently: My poor
pretty Box. Ah plague o' my nn.

Euter 4 Servant hasti, with 4 Flambeau.

Ser. By your leave, Sir, my Master's ng pray Sir clear the
Co. Hay! why thou art pert, my Love; Prithee who is thy
Master, Child?

The valiant Don Duart, Sir, Nephew to the Governour of
Lisbon.

cClo. Well, Child, and does he eat every Man he meets ?

Ser, No, Sir, but he Ca every Man that takes the Wall
of him, and always sends me before to clear the way.

Clo. Hah! a pretty harmless Humour that. Is this he, Child ?-
You may look as terrible as you please, but I must banter you,
flux me. [afiae..

Enter Don Duart, falking #p to Clodio.

D. Ds. Do you know me, Sir?

clo. Hey / ho! [Looks carelesh o on him, and gapes.
D. Da. Do you know me „

| (strikes off Clo. Hat.) Now you know me.

are not a Bully, Sir.

ly the most extraordinary —— umh / —— that ever I met with!
Now Sir, you do know me, split me?

+... " The Fops Fon . 4625
clo. You did not see my Snuff-box, Sir, did you? }

Clo. Perfectly well, Sir, — hi hi! 1 like you mightily you

D. Da. You are Sawcy, Friend.

Clo. Ay, it's a way I have, after Pm affronted Thou art real-

D. D#. Know thee / take that, Peasant !'[irikes him, and both draw.

Clo, I can't upon my Soul, Sir, Allons! now we shall come to a
right understanding. _ Os [They fight:
Serv. Help! Murder! heip : 5 l
C/o. Allons! to our better Acquaintance, Sir. A Hah! (D. Bu.
hal ) he has it! Never pusht better in my Life, never in my Life,
lit me. _ | | ;
Dn! my Master's kill'd ! help ho! Murder! help! |
clo. Hay! why Faith Child that's very true as thou say'st, and

so the Devil take the hindmost. Exit Clo.

Eater Oshcers.

1 ft "Offi. How: now ! -Who's that cries Murder?

Serv. O, my Master murder'd: Some of you follow me, this
way he took! let's after him help. Murder help! F[Exit. |

24, Off, * Ts bon 8 |

1/t. Offi. So, Pride has got a Fall: He has paid for't now ; You
have met with your Match faith, Sir. Come let's carry the Body
to the good Lady his Sister Dozne Elvira: You pursue the Murderer,
I'll warrant him some Civil Gentleman: Ye need not make
too much haste, for if he does scape it's no great Matter Come
along. LExeunt with the Body.

Enter Carlos, and Don Lewis, Follow d at some distance by Jaques and
Bravoes with 4 Chair.

D. Lew. Come along charles, Pm sure 'tis she by their Deseription,

and if that Brawny Dog, the Captain, has play*d her no foul

Play, she shalln't want Ransom, if all my Estate can purchase it.
Car. Now Fortune guide us. 3 1

44 Lowe makes. + Man: or,
Jaqu. That's he, the Taler be sure you spare his Person—
only force him into this Chair, and carry him as directed.
1/ Bra. What must be done with the Old Fellow ,?
Jaqu. We must have him too, left he shou'd dog the erat
be . If he won't oome quietly bring him any hoW
follow softly, we shall snap em as they turn the: Corner. ;

A. Noise of Folow,. &. Enter Clodio a0 from 1 the 2 fe
Clo. Ah! Pax; of their, Noises the Dogs have finelt me out!

What shall I do! If they take me I shall be nung split me / ha!
a Door. apsn, faith Pll in at a venture. Ga LE xn.

Re-enter Bravoes with Carlos in 4 * some halling i in D. Lewis.

„* Lew. O m poor Boy charles! charles help! Munter 7
Bra. 05 your Peace Fool, if you'd be well us d!
Lem. Sir, i will. not not hold my Peace! Dogs i Rogues !
Villains help! Murder
if Bra. Nay, then by your leave, old Gentleman — so bring
him along.
D. Lew. Aw! aw! aw! ( Gig bins, and carry him Head ana
Heels.) [Exeunt.

SCEN E. 4 71 FR Elvira, and her Servants with Kuen

lv. IS not my, Brather come home yet?
Ser. L have not seen him, Madam. | My

Ev. Go and seek him, g all, and every Une bl not rest

till you return, take away your: Lights too: For my Devotions

axe all ideen, e and T all read em there without a

Taper. n e Servants.

055 Boten odio feealing.in. .

Clo, Ah! poor Cody What will become of thee ? Thy Condition,
Em afraid, is but very. inchfferent— Follow d behind ! stopt
—— and ;beset. on both Hogg Ab / Pox o' my, Wit! I must *

must I? But let me see! Where. am T? an odd sort of

an an Hou this——all the Doors open, and. no body in't ! No Noise! |
no no Dog ee 2 !

Elv. Who's that? _ U
Co. Ha ! a Womans Voice. 5
Ev. Who are you? Who waits there? Stephano, Julia !
Clo. Gadso! 'tis the Lady of the House, she can't see my Un. |}
fortunate Face however. Faith Pl] ev'n make her a grave Speech,
tell her my Case, and beg her Protection. | K
Elu. Speak, What arc you? |
Clo. 3 a most Unfortunate Young Gentleman.
El. Iam sure you are a Man of most ill Manners, to press #
thus boldly to my Private Chamber : Whither wou'd you ? What |
want you? „ 1
Clo. Gracious Madam hear me, I am a Stranger most unfortunate,
and my distress has made me rudely press for your Protection;
if you refuse it Madam, I am undone for ever by I ay,
Madam, I am uttecly undone ! *Twas coming, Faith! (aße.
Elv. Alas! his Fear confounds him: What is't pursues you, Sir ?
Clo. An outcry of Officers; the Law's at my Heels, Madam,
tho? Justice 'm not afraid of. — 2 |
Ev. How could you offend the one, and not the other?
Co. Being provok'd, Madam, by the Insolence of my Enemy,
in my own defence, I just now left him dead in the Street; 1am
very young, Madam, and I would, not kg be hang'd in a
strange Country methinks, which I certainly shall be, unless your
tender Charity protects me — Ged, I have a rare Tongue, I have
a rare Tongue, Faith Laside. 5
« Elv. Poor Wretch, I pity him bY. ©
Cs, Madam, your House is now my only Sanctuary, my Altar,
therefore I beg you upon my Knees, Madam, take pity of a poor
bleeding Victim.
Elv. Are you a Castilian ? 5
Clo. No Madam, I was born in —in— in What de
callum in 5 |
Elv. Nay, Lask you not with purpose to betray you, were yau
ten thousand times a SHaniard, the Nation we Porteguese most hate,
in such distress I yer would give you my Protection.
Cle. May I depend upon you, Madam; am I safe? |

lu es he 5 — 3 ba -

— —— ——— — FOOTr n3n thay

Flv. Safe as my Power, my Word, or Vow can make you:
Enter that Door which leads you to a Closet : shou'd the Officers
come, as you expect, they owe such Reverence to my Lodgiogs, |
they'l search no farther than my leave invites 'em. W's

Clo, Dye think, Madam, you can persuade dem?

Elv. Fear not, ll warrant you; away!

C/o, The Breath of Gods, | and Eloquence of Angels go along
with you. [Exz#. p

Elv. Alas, who knows but that the Charity I afford this $tranger
perhaps my Brother elsewhere may stand in need of: How he
trembles ! I hear his Breath come short hither ; be of comfort, Sir,
once more I give you my Solgma Promise for your safety.

Enter S ervant and Officers, with D. Duartꝰ's 2 * | A

Kerv. Here, bring in the Body — O Madam, my Master's
kill'd.

Elv. What say'st thou?
Serv. Your Brother, Madam, my Master Young Don Daart's

E dead, he just now quarrell'd wich a Gentleman, who unfortunately
kilbd him in the Street. |

Elv. Ah me
1. Off. We are informed, Madam, that the Murthever: Was

seen to enter this House, Which made us press intoꝰt to —_— |

Ely. Oh!
Serv. Help ho, my Lady Flints, |
1. Off. Give her Air, {he'll recover. rClodio peeps in.

Clo. Hay hy, what the Devil, am I safer than I wou'd
be now ? Exactly I have nick'd the House to an hair
Just so I did at Paris too, when I took a Lodging at a Bay liffs that
had three Writs against me This D-mn'd Closet too ys neer a
Chimney to ereep out at ah poor Cl-ay ! wou'd thou wer t faii ly
in a Storm at Sea again; for Lam plaguy fraid thou wer't not born
to be drown'd. Tretire.

Elv. Stand off; my Sorrows will have way; O my unhappy
Brother such an end as this thy haughty mind long since did
prophesy ! and to encrease my misery, thy wretched Sister wilfully
must make a breach of what shes vow?d, or thou fall unreveng'd:
Revenge and Justice both stand knocking at my Heart, bur Hospitable
Faith has barr'd their entrance; if I shou'd give 'em
way, I am forsworn; if not, am impious to a Brothers memor
Is there no means ? no middle Path of sa fety left? mult I 2

my Brother's Murtherer? or break a. Solemn Vow, on which a-
nother's Life depends?

ern "oY Zuater

Enter Governor, and Servants,

Gov. Where's this unhappy Sight? — alas! he's Gone past all

recovery. Reproof comes now too late.

Eto, It shall be so; ll take the lighter Evil of the two, and
keep the solemn Vow to which just Heav'n was witness: The

Wounds of Perjury never can be cur'd, hut Justice may again

oretake the Murtherer, when no rash Vows protect him.
Gos. Take comfort, Neice.
Elv. O forbear; search for the Murtherer,and remove the Body,
at your discretion, Sir, to be interr*'d, while I shut out th' offensive
day, and here in solitude indulge my sorrow : Therefore I beg
my nearest Friends, and you, my Lord, for some few days, to spare
your Charitable Visits. 5 |
Gov. I grieve for your misfortune, Neice ; but since you'll have
it so, we take our leaves: Farewell—bring forth the Body. [Ex##.
Clo. Hay ! What are they gone away without me? and by her
Contrivance to0,, —Gatlo! ;

Elv. Whoere thou art, to whom I've giv'n means of Life, to let
thee see with what Religion I have kept my Vow, come fearless
forth, while Night's thy Friend, and pass unkown.

Clo, If this is not Love, the Devil's in't. - [Afaae.

Elv, Fly with thy utmost speed where I may never see thee more.

Clo. Ay, that's her modesty. [A/iae.

Elv. And let that Charitable Faith thou hast found in me, persuade
thee to atone thy Crime by Penitence.

C/o. Poor Soul, I may find a better way to thank thee for”.

Elv. You are at the Door now, farewell for ever.

C/o. Which is as muchas to say, what wou'd I give to see you

aga in All in good time Child

The End of the Third Ack.

AGcT N

Enter Don Duart in his Nieht-Gown, Surgeon, and Servant.

D. Du A YI venture yet abroad, Sir? |
Sur. With safety, Sit; your Wound was never
dangerous: though from your great loss of Blood,

you seem'd a while without all signs of Lite,

—— | ets, co —— 22

48 Love males a Man: or,
D. Da. Sir, do you know, if the Gentleman that Wounded me
ROOT TIO SORE
Sar. He was never taken, Sir, nor know, that I cou'd hear of.
D. Da. I am sorry for't; for cou'd I find him, which now shall
be my earnest care, I wou'd with real Services acknowledge him
my best of Friends, in having prov'd so fortunate an Enemy: he
has bestow'd on me a second Life, which from a clearer insight of
my self, will teach me now to use it better too: How does my Sister
seem to bear my Fortune? Þ „
Sur. I never knew the loss of any Friend la mented with more
sorrow ; she suffers none to visit her, nor is she yet acquainted
with your Recovery. x | bi 1
D. Da. I wou'd not have her yet, nor any of my Friends : No
moisture sooner dries than Womens Tears, and tho? I am apt to
think my Sister honest in her Sorrow, yet knowing her a Woman
still, Iamresolv'd to make a farther tryal of her Virtue.
Sar. Sir, you may command my Secrecy. _ |
D. Da. I thank you Sir, *twill oblige me — Boy.
Ser. Sir. | F |
D. Du. Do you think you know again the Gentleman that
fought me ? 2 Br |
Serv. I believe I may, Sir. FE
D. Da. I'd have you suddenly enquire him out; he seem'd by
his Deport of France, or England; if so, you'll probably find him
in some Leud House or other. 3 5
Serv. Rather at Church Sir, for no body will suspect him there.
D. Da. Seek him every where; come Sir, I wait on you [Exeart.

| [The SCENE charges to Lovisa's Hoase: Don Manuel, «1d Augellina. J

D. Ma. Now Madam, let my hard Fortune teach you a little
to endure your own. You sce with what severe neglect the till
receives my humble Love; nothing I say, or do, has any weight
or motion in her Thoughts for m.
Ang. You are too dissident of your Fortune; I wou'd not have
an honest mind despair : She seem'd indeed a little careless of
you yougave her no offence, Pm contident ; see here she comes;
take heed how you displease her by an Impatient Stay=—Pray go,
in the mean time Pl] think of you, indeed I will. |
D. Mz lam Yours for everm—— [Exeant severally.

Enter Loüisa, and Jaques, Servants waiting.

Los, Were they both seiz'd?

L Jag. Both, Madam, and will be here immediately ; I ran before,

to give your Ladyship notice.
Lov. You know my Orders: When they are enter'd, bar all the
Doors, and on your Lives, let eyery one be mute, as I directed

you mult retire a while. [Exeunt.

Exter Bravo's, who let Carlos out of the Chair, while others throw
down Don Lewis gagg'd and bound.

Car. So Gentlemen, you find I've not resisted you=— but now
pray let me know my Crime? why have you brought me hither ?
where am I? if in Prison, look in my Face, perhaps you have mistaken
me for another.

[Jaques holds up his Lanthorn, nods, and Exit with the rest.
You seem to know me Sir, —_ All dumb, and vanish'd-
My Fortune's humorous, she sports with me.
D. Lew. Aw! Aw / 955
Car. What's here! a Fellow Prisoner ! Who are you?
D. Lew. Aw ! aw!
Car. Do you speak no other Language?

D. Lew. Aw ! aw! aw! Louder. ;
Car. Nay, that's the same, .
D. Lew. Auh LSyehing.

Car. Poor Wretch ! I am afraid he wou'd speak if he cou'd.
Cle. enter Jaques and Servants, with Lights, who release Don Lewis.

Sure they think I walk in my sleep, and won't speak for fear of

waking me. |
D. Lew. Sir, Your most humble Servant, and now my Tongue's

at liberty; Pray will you do* me the favour to shew me the way

home again?

What a Fox, are you all dumb [Exeunt Mute,

Well Sir, and pray what are=— Charles ! ah! my dear Boy?
| | . " [Kysses him.

Car. My Uncle! nay then, my Fortune has not quite lorsaken . f

me! how came you hither; Sir?
D. Lew. Faith, like a Corps into Church, Boy, with my Heels
foremost ; but prithee how didst thou come?

Car. You sa the Men that sciz'd us, they forc'd me intg a Chair,
Ov wml * ,

D. Lew. Well, but a Pox plague em, what is all this for? What
wou'd they have? A FFT
Car. That we must wait rheir pleasure to be inform'd of; they
have indeed alarm'd my Reason, not my Conscience, that's stil at
. &cst, fcarless of any Danger. „ S .-..
D. Lew. The Sons of Whores won't speak neither; Hey day!

What's to be done now ? | | 1 P |

Enter Jaques, and Servants with « Banquet, Wine, and Light.
Car. More Riddles yet! I dream sure. _
EO Jaques complements D. Lewis to take his Chair.
D. Lem. For me? Sir, Your mest Humble Servant: [rs] Charles!
sit down Boy! "Rp 5
Hs / ha ! ha! a Parcel of filly dumb Dogs ! Is this all the Bu-
Puppies! did they think I wou'd not come to Supper, without

being brought Neck and Heels to't ?
Car. Amazement all! What can it end in? 1
D. Lew, Never trouble thy Head, prethee: Pox of Questions ; oo
fall to man—Delicate Food truly—Here—Dumb ! Prithee gives
a Glass of Wine to wet the way a little? come Charles, here's
here's Honest Dumb's Health to thee : [adrizks] Dumb's a very
Honest Fellow, Faith. [Claps Jaques on the Head.
Car. What Harmony is this? [A Flourith]
D. Lew. Rare Mulick indeed let's eat, and hear it. r
Vere |.
Water fine truly I have not made an heartier Meal a great
While.

| [Here Jaques offers a Night- Gown and Cap to D. Lewis.
Well, and what's to do now Lad? for me Boy? Ods so ! we lie
here, do we !— mighty well, that again Faith: [For I was just
thinking to go home, but that I had neer a Lodging] Nay, I always
said Honesh Dumb knew how to make his Friends welcome——
well, but it's time enough yet, shaln't we crack a Bottle
first ? Charles is melancholly. [Jaques shakes his Head.
What! that's as much as to say, if I won't go, I shall be carried.
Sir, your Humble Servant: [Pats on the Gown] well Charles,
good night, since they won't let me have a mind to stay any longer?
I'd give a Pistole tho', to know what this will come to!

ALD) CONLLIC a LiO00t

Ile Fop's Fortune. N

Car I'm buried in Amazement==— why am I busied thus in
1 rifles, having so many nearer Thoughts that wound my Peace—
Ha, more Musick ! I cou'd almost say, *twere welcome now.

[IA SONG here, which ended, D. Lewis appears above.]

D. Lew. So! at last I have grop'd out a Window, that will let
me into the Secret: Now if any Foul Play shou'd happen, I am
pretty near the Street too, and can baul out Murther to the
Watch 5 | |
But Mum! the Door opens!

Enter Louisa.

Hay / ah what dull Rogues were we not to suspect this before?
Dumb's a sly Dog; *cis she, Faith tum, dum, dum
here will be fine work presently ; toll, dum, di, dum Now 1
shall see what mettle my Boy's made of; Tum, dum, dum.

Lov. You iecem amaz'd, Sir.

Car. Your Pardon, Lady, if I confess it raises much my wonder,
why a Stranger, friendless, and unknown, showd meet unmerited
such floods of courtely'? for i I mistake not, once this day before,
I've tasted of your Bounty. | 8

Lov. I have forgot that, hut I confess I saw you, Sir.

Car. Why chen was I fore d hither ? if you reliev'd me only
from a sost compassion of my Fortune, you cou'd not think but such
Humanity might on the fligitest hint have drawn me to be grate-

Lov. Town I could not trust you to my Fortune; I knew not but
some other might have seen you belide, methought you spoke
less kind to me before. : | |

Car. It my poor Thanks were offer*d in too plain a Dress (as I
contels, Pm little practic'd in the Rules of grac'd Behaviour,) rahed,

as

ther think me ignorant, than rude, and pity what you cannot Pardor. |!

Lov. Fye ! you are too modest how cou'd you charge your

self with sucha Thought? I scarce can think *ris in your Nature to

be rude at least to cur Sex.
Car. were more unpardonable there.

Lov. Nay, now you are too strict on the other side; for there

may happen Times, when that the World calls Rudeness, a Woman
might be brought io pardon; Ssasons, when even modesty were
Ignorance Pray be seated Sir, —nay, I'll have it so—I say

sometimes too much Respect [pray be nearer, Sir}, wore melt offen-

52 Love mates a Man: or,
sive: Suppose a Woman were reduc'd to offer Love, her pains of
shame are insupportable ; and shou'd she call that Lover rude, who
kindly conscious of her wishes, bravely resolves to take, and saves
her modesty the guilt of giving? Suppose your self the man so
| 05 where cou'd you find at such a time Excuses for your Modeity.
2 = 5 5 N Bk
Car. If I cou'd love again, my Eyes wou'd tell her; if not, I
shou'd not easily believe; at least, in Manners, wou'd not seem to
understand her. | Ko WEE: EP
Lov. Alas! yon have too poor a sense of Womans love. Think you
ave have no invention? you wou'd not understand her, how wou'd
you avoid it? when ev'n her slightest look wou'd speak too plain
for that Excuse ; if not, she'd fi} proceed Thus gently steal your
Hand, and sign, and press it to her Heart, and then look wishing
in your Eyes, till Love himself fhor forth, and wak'd you to Com-
passion, 5 2 Yo
Car. Amazing! can she be the Creature she describes ?
Lov. O they have such subtle ways to steal into a Lover's Heart;
nay, if she's resolute, not all your strength of Modesty can guard
you; she'd press you still with plainer, stronger Proots ; her Life,
her Fortune shou'd be yours: For where a Woman loves, such
Gifts as these are Trifles ; thus like the lazy minutes wou'd she
teal em on. which once but past, are quite forgotten. [Gives him
5 Jewels.
Car. Is't possible! can there be such a Woman? |
Lov. Fye! Icow'd chide you now; you wou'd not sure be thought
so slow of Apprehension. '
Car. Ewou'd not willingly be thought so vain, or so uncharitable
o su ppose there cou'd be such a one.

Low. Nay, now you force me to forsake my Sex, and tell you
plain I cannot speak it yet you must know — But tell me,
must I needs blush to. on a Passion that's so tender of you? I am
this Creature so reduc'd for you, and all you've seen supposed was
Natural, all but the soft result of growing Love Why are you
ill thus fixt, and silent! what is't you fear?
Car. Monstrous! [side and Rising
Lov. What is't you start at?
Car. Not for your Beauty, the? I confess you Fair to a Perfection,
Compleat in all that may Engage the Eye: But when that Beau
Vades, (as Time leaves none unvisited) what Charm {hall then
slecure my Love? Your Riches? no -an honest Mind's above the
1 | | bribes

bribes of Fortune: For tho? distressed, a Stranger, and in want, I
thus return em Tnankless: be Modest, and be Virtuous, DI] admire
you, all good Men will Adore you, and when your Beauty, and
your Fortune are no more, will still deliver down your Name rever'd
to Ages: But while you thus enllave your Generous Reason
to so Intemperate a Folly, your very Nature seems 1averted : Cou'd
you but one moment calmly Jay it by, you'd find such a vile Indignity
to your Stx, as Modesty could never Pardon.

e,, appear too free a Lover, and talk beyond the usual

Courage of my Sex, forgive me; It! be again che frarful, softning
Wretch, that you'd have me : my Wishes shall be Dumb, udles

SE my Eyes may speak*em, or if I dare to touch your Hand it shall
be gently trembling, and unperceived as Air: nay fix'r, and silent,

as your shade, Pl} watch. whole Winter Nights content, and list-
ning to your Slumbers: Is this Intemperance ? for pity speak, for
I confess your hard reproofs have struck upon my Heart! O say

F : you will be mine, and make your own Conditions. If you suspect

my Temper, bind me by the moist Sacred Tye, and let my Love,
my Person, and my Fortune Lawfully be yours.
Car. Take heed ! Consider yet, if ev'n this Humility be not the
Offspring of your first unruly Passion : But since at least it carries
something a better Claim to my Concern, Il be at once Sincere,
and tell you *cis Impossible, that we should ever meet in Love.
Lou. Impoflible! OY why! / |
Car. Because my Love, my Vows, and Faith are given to another:
Therefore since you find I dare be Honest, be early Wise,
and now release me to my Fortune. |
Loa. I cannot Part with you! |
Car. You must, I cannot with my Reason Pray let me
pass ! why do you thus hang upon my Arm, and (train your Eyes,
as they had Power to hold me ?
Lo. Ungrateful! will you go? take heed ! for you have prov'd
I am not Mistress of my Temper.
Car. I ses it and am sorry: But needed not this Threat to drive
me: For {till I dare be Just, and Force my self away. [ Exit Carlos.
Loa. O Torture! Left! Retus'd! Despis'd ! have I thrown off

my Pride for this! O! Insupportable ! If I am not Reveng'd, -
may all the well, [Walks Disorder d.

D. Lew, What a Pox, are all these fine things come to nothing
then ?— Poor Soul! she is in a great heat truly-—— ah! silly

Rogue — now could I find in * heart to put her into good hu.

54 Lore makes a Man: or,

mour again have a great mind faith——odd ! she's a hummer
A strange mind, I han't had such a mind a great while —
Hay /—ay ! Pi dot faich—if she does but stay now, ah! if she
dots but stay ! LA, he is getting from the Balcony Louisa

Leu. Who waits there ? e
eu. Who waits there :

CR | Enter Jaques.
enge, 5

Jag. Madam I met him just now walking hastily about the Gal-
; 4 Are all the doors fast?

Jag. All barr'd, Madam. 3 8
Lon. Put out all the Lights too, and on your lives let no one ask
or answer him to any Question: But be you still near to observe
—_ | Exit Jaques.

D. Lem. Odso! my Back

Lou. Bless me, who's this > what are you?

D. Lem. Not above Fifty, Madam.

Lou. Whence come you, what's your Business?
D. Lew. Finishing. |
Lon. Who shew'd, who brought you hither ?

D: Lew. Dumb, honeit Dumb. E

Lou. Will you be gone Sir, I have no time to fool away.

D. Lew, Yes, but you have; what ! don't I know /

Lou. Pray Sir who! what is't you take me for?

D. Lew. A delicate piece of work truly, but not finished ; you
understand me, | .

Lou. Lou are mad, Sir. |
D. Lew. I say don't you be modest: for there arc times
do you ice, when cv'n Medesty is Ignorance (pray be seated, Madam——nay
I'!] have it so: ) ah! [Sits down, and Mimicks her
. [ Behaviour to Carlos,
Los. Contulion ! have Texposed my self to this Wreich too ! had
Witaesses of my Folly nay I deserve it. [Stands Mute,
D. Lew. So! So! I shall bring her to terms presently — you
have a world of pretty Jewels here Madam——ay these now

these are a couple of fine large Stones truly, but where a Woman
loves, such Gifts as these are Trifles. PRE

Lau. Insupportable ! within there !

[Doz Lewis Drops down,

[Municks again.

Euter Servants aud Braves.

D. Lew, Hay! 1 | LR sing.
Ser. Did your Ladiship call, Madam? |
D. Lew. I don't like her looks, faith. L 4side.

Loan. Here take this Fool, let him be gagg'd, ty'd neck and
heels, and lockt into a Garret: away with him.
D. Lew. Dumb! Dumb! help Dumb! stand by me Dumb!
A pox of my Finishing, Aw ! a- [They Gagg him, and Carry
| | [vim off.
Lou. The In solence of this Fool was more provoking than the
others Scorn, But I shall yet find ways to measure my Revenge.
| 15 [Exit Louisa.
Re-enter Carlos in the Dark.

Car. What can this evil Woman mean me ! the Doors all barr'd 7
the lights put out ! the Servants mute, and she with Fury in her
Eyes now shot regaidiefs by me: I wou'd the worst wou'd show it
self, Ha ! Yonder*s a Light, PII follow it, and Provoke my Fortune.

The SCENE Changes to another Room.
Angellina with a Light.

Ang. I cannot like this House : For now but going to my Rest,
my Ears were *larum'd with the Cries of one that call'd for Help:
T ve icen strange Faces too, that carry Guilt and Terror in their
looks; and yet the Officer that plac'd me here appear'd of Honest
Thoughts what can this mean? No matter what, since nothing,
than che loss 0! bim I love can worse befal me! —— Hark What
Noise ! is the door fast? Ah! [going to (hut it.

: [Re-enter Carlos, and Jaques Listning.

Car. Ha! another Lady! and alone /

Ang. H ven's how I Tremble / | |

Car. Sure by ber surprise she is not of the other's Counsel
Pardon tliis IAH AuνLEẽVehò Lady, Jam a Stranger, and Distress'd, be not
Dismay'd, I have no Ill designs unless to beg your Charitable Assistance
be Offensive. | | |
Ang. Ha! that Voice! La mag d

8 7 Love makes 0 Alan Or,

Car. Save me you Powers! and give me strength to bear this
Insupportable Surprize of Rushing Joy.

Arg, My Carlos — oh!

Car, Tis she! my long lost Love, my living Angelina,
Embraces her.

Jag. Say you so, Sir! this shall to my Lady. [Exit Jaques.

Ang. O let me hold you ever thus, least Fate again should part

Car. Twas Death indeed to part; but from so hard a separation
thus again to meet, is Life restor'd, it draws whole Years to Hours,
and wegrow Old with Joy Mi Moments.

Ang. O! I were Happy, "blest above my Sex,cou'd but my plain
si implicity of Love deserve your kind Endearments.

Car. Ig t Possible ! thou Miracle of Goodness, that thou canst
thus forget the Misery, the Want, the Ruin my Unhappy Love
has brought thee to? Trust me, that stormy * has clouded
ev 'in the very Joy I had to see thee.

Enter Jaques and Louisa at 4 distance.

There they are; from bom your Ladiship may hear 'em.
Lon. Leave me. [Exit Jaques, and Lou. listens.
Arg. I cannot bear to see you thus: for my fake don —
For while you seem in hope, I shall easily be cheerful.
Car. O thou Engaging Softness | thy Courage has reviv'd me;
No, we'll not despair; the Guardian Power that hitherto has
fav'd us, may now with less expence of Providence, protect, and
fix us happy.
Los. Ha! so near acquainted! [behind.
Car, And yet our safety bids us part this Moment; How came
you hither ?
Ang. The Officer that made me Captive, prov'd a worthy man
and = d me here as a Companion to the Lady of this Dwelling.
| 2 Ha! to what end? ;
He said, to be the Advocate of his Suecelslels Love; for
he pwr he woed her Honourably.
Car. Ist possible? is there 2 Wretch so curs d among mankind to
be her Honourable Lover.
Lou. So. [[z Anger.
Car. Take heed, my Love, avoid her as a Discale to Modesty.
Lou. Very well.

Car. O! have such a shameful Tale to tell thee of her intemperance,
as wou'd subject her even to thy loathing.
Lou. Insolent!— well.
Ang. You amaze me, pray what was it?
Car. This is no time to tell; I had forgot my Danger: Let it
suffice, the Doors are barr'd against me; now, this moment I ama
Prisoner to her Fury; if thou canst help me to any means of
Safety, or Escape, ask me no Questions, but be quick, and tell me.
Ang. Now you frighten me; but here through my Apartment
leads a Passage to the Garden, at the lower end youll find a
Mount; if you dare drop from thence, I'll show you: But can't
you say when I may hope again to see you? $a
Car. About an Hour hence be walking in the Garden, ready for
your escape; for if Ilive, I'll come provided with the means to
make it sure. Now I dare thank thee, Fortune.
Ang. You will not fail. |
Car. If I survive, depend on me; till when may Heav'n support”
thy Innocence...0 —- .
Ang. Follow me. [Exennt hastily.
Lou. Are you so nimble, Sir > Who waits there? [Euter Jaques.
Run, take help, and stop the Stranger, he is now making his escape
through the Garden; fly. [Exit Jaques,
Love and Revenge like Vipers gnaw upon my Quiet, and I must
change their Food, or leave my Being; though I cou'd bear ev'n
the low Contempt he has thrown on me, cou'd it but woe him to
the least return of Love: but I wou'd bear again ten thousand
Racks, rather than confess this Dotage : No, if I forego a second
time that dear support, my Pride, may I become as miserable as
that wretch, that destind Fool he doats on. Ha! she is return'd !
Yonder she passes; with what assur'd contentment in her Looks
How pleas d the Thing is — strangely impudent sure / the
ugly Creature thinks 1 won't strangle her.
Now have you brought him ? Euter Jaques.
Jag. Madam we made what hast we cou d, but the Gentleman
reach'd the Mount before us, and escap'd over the Garden Wall.
Lou. Escap'd, Villain! darest thou tell me so?
Jag. fyour Ladiship had call'd a little sooner, we had taken him.
Who the Devil is this Stranger? [ aside.
Lon. Fool that I am, I betray my self to my own Servants ——.
well, 'tis no matter, bid the Bravoes stay, I have Directions for
em ʒ GO. | [ Fvit Jaques,

He has not lest me hopeless yet; an Hour hence he has promis'd
to be here again, and if he keeps his word (as I've an Odious

Cause to fear he will) he yet at least in my Revenge shall prove me
Woman. Exit Lou.

SCENE The Street.
Euter D. Duart disguis'd, with a Servant.
D. D.. Where did you find him?

Ser. Rard by, Sir, at an House of Civil Recreation; he's now
coming forth ; that's he.

Enier Ctodio.

D. Ds. I scarce remember him. I wou'd not willingly mit —
Fl] observe him.

Clo. So Now if I can but pick up an Honest Fellow to £73:

Healing Bottle, I think I shall finish the Day as {| mart 17 428 Ne f 3; 14
Seignior — hold, let me see what has my ha" ty Ke \hme me

here— umb umh.— umh [ counts his * ann „ Seven Listoles

by Jupiter : why, what a plaguy Income this Jade mu ast have in a
Week, it she's thus paid by the Hour.
D. Du. Tis the lame; leave me. [| Exit Servant. Fug Servant,
Sir.

Sir Your Humble ent.

D. Du. Bandon 2 Stranger's freedom, Sir; but when you know
my Business —

Clo. Sir, if you'll take a Bottle, I shall be 8 of your Acquaintance
and if I don't do your Business before we part, I'll knock
under the Tee.

D. Da. Sir, I shall be glad to drink with you, but at present am
incapable of sitting to't.

Clo. Why then, Sir, you shall only drink as long as you an
stand, we I have a Bottle here, Sir—— Hey, Madona

calls at the Door.

D. Du. A very Frank humour'd Gentleman, I'll know him farther
— I presume, Sir, you are not of Portugal >

Clo. No. Sir I ama kind ofa hat decallum a fort
of a Here and —therian; I am a Stranger no where.

D. Du. Have leber travell d far, Sir 2

The Fos Fortune. „

Clo. My Tour of Europe, or so Sir — Dangled about a little;
I camethis Summer from the Jubilee.

D. Dy. Did you make any stay there, Sir? |

Clo. No, Sir, Lonly call'd in there, at the Salvation Office, just
bought an Annuity of Indulgences for Life; got an Insurance
for my Soul; lay with a Nun, Flax'd ; and so came home again.

Euter Servants with ine.

So! so! here's the Wine / Come dir, to our better Acquain=
tance — Faith I like you mightily — Allons ! shoques Baile donc!
D oy [Kisses, Drinks.
Parbleu / cest du Bon Vin Allons encore hey“ Vive L'amour /
[ Quand Iris, &c. Sings. N
D. Ds. I find, Sir, you have taken a Taste of all the Countries
you have Travell'd ; but I presame, your chief Amusement has lain
among the Ladies: You far'd well in France I hope.

Clo. Yes faith, as far as my Pocket wou'd go: But the Devil a
stroke without it: No Money, no Mademoiselle : No Ducate,
no Dutchess ; no PistolS no Princess -— By the way, let me tell
you, Sir, your Lisbonites are held up at a pretty smart rate too
I was forc'd to come down to the Tune of seven Pistoles here
A man may keep a Pad of his own, cheaper than he can ride Post.
split me: But, a Pox on em, it's no Wonder the Jades are so
sawcy in a Country, where there are so many Swarms of unmarried
Fryars, Monks, and Brawny Jesuits : .The Game may well be
scarce, faith, where there are so many Canonical Poachers e Now,
Sir, in England, where your Gowns and Cassocks are honestly
married, the right Women are as cheap as Mackerel —— Gad, Sir,
I have taken you a Fasting Velvet Scarf out of the Side Box there,
and the Jade has jump'd at a Beef-stake and a Bottle; nay, sometimes
at Coach hire, and a single Glass of Cinamon—— Seven Pistoles
/ Unconscionabla / Odsheart, in London now for half the
Sum a Man might have pickt up the three sirst Rows of the Middle
Gallery.

D. Du. Ifind, Sir, you know England then.

Clo. Ay, Sir, and every Woman there, that's worth knowing,
from honest Betty Sands to the Countess of Ogletorn : Yes, Sir, I
do know London pretty well, and the Side-box, Sir, and behind
the Scenes, ay. and the Green Room too, and all the Girls and
Women-Actresses there, Sir —— Sir I was a whole Winter there
the particular Favourite of the Giggling Party — Come Sir, Ii
you please, here's Miss Kiggle's health to you,

20 * 9A J 400 i ec there?

Clo, Why, Sir, I fist introduc'd my self with a single Pineh of
Bergamot z the next night I presented em a Bq#* full next day
came to Rehearsal; in a Week l desit d em to ule my Name whenever
they pleas d for what the Chocolate house afforded —— upon
this I was chosen Valentine, if I don't mistake, to about Eleven
of em; and in three days more I think it cost me Fifty

Guineas in Gloves, Knots, Heads, Fans, Muffs, Coffee, Tea, Snuff-
boxes, Orangerie, and Chocolate. 3
D. Du. But, pray Sir, were you as intimate at both Play-bouses ?
Clo. No, stretch'em / at the New House they are so us'd to be
Queens and Princesses, and are so often in their Aiirs-Royal, forsootb,
that I ged / there's no reaching one of their Copper tails
there, without a long Pole. or a Settlement; split me.
D. Du. But I wonder, Cir, that in a Country so fam'd for Hand-.
som Women, the Men are so generally blam d for their scandalous
Usage of em. | CO I ISIS er SD 2,
Clio. O Damm d Scandalous, Sir — they use their Mistresses as
bad as their Wives, Faith: I teil you what; Sir, I new a Citizen's |
Daughter chere, that ran away with a Lord, bo in the first fix
Months of her preferment never stird out but the made the Ladies
cry at her Equipage ; and about eight months after, I.think, one
morning reeling pretty early into a certain house in the Savoy, i
found the self fame, cast off, solitary Lady, in a Room with bare

Walls, Dressing her dear, pretty Head there, in the Corner bit of

a Looking glass, prudently supported by a Quartern-Brandy Pot
upon the Head of an Oyster-barre!.. |

D. Da. 1 find few Mistresses make their Fortune there: but pray,
Sir, among all your Adventures, has no particular Ladies Merit
encourag'd you toadvance your own by Marriage.

Clo. Sir, f have been so near Marriage, that my Wedding day
has been come, but it never was over yet; split me.

D. Du. How so, Sir. |

Clo. Why the Priest, the Bride, and the Dinner were all ready
drest, faith; but before I cou'd fall to, my Elder Brother, Sir,
comes me in with a Damn d long stride and a sharp Stomach
said a short Grace, and whipp'd her up like an Oy ster.

D. Du. Ycu had Ill fortune, Sir.

Clo. Sir, Fortune is not much in my Debt: for you must know,

Siri tho I lost my Wife, I have scap d hanging since here in Lisbon.

D. Du. That I know you have: be not amaz d, Sir,

Clo. Hay! what the Devil have I been all this while treating an
Officer, that has a Warrant againlt me Pray Sir, if it be no
Offence—— may I beg the Favour to know who you are.

D. Da. Let it suffice I own my self your Friend I am your
Debtor, Sir, You fought a Gentleman they call'd Don Daart—— 1
knew him well; he was a proud insulting Fellow, and my mortal
Foe; but you kill'd him, and I thank you; nay, I saw you do it
fairly too: and for the action, I desire you will command my Sword
or Fortune. Ws |

Clo. Pray Sir——is there no Joke in all this?

D. Da. There, Sir; the little All I'm master of, may serve at
present to convince you of my sincerity : I ask for no return, but
to be inform'd how I may do you farther Service [Gives him 4 Parse.

Cho. Sir, your Health—— Il give you Information presently.

| ; 5 Drinks.
Pray Sir do you know the Gentleman's Sister that I My with ?
That is, do you know what Reputation, what Fortune {he has ?

D. Da. 1 know her Fortune to be worth above Twelve Thoysand

Pistoles, her Reputation yet unsullied; But pray Sir why may

you ask this? |

Clo. Now PI! tell you, Sir. Twelve Thousagd Pistoles,
you lay !

D. Ds. I speak the least, Sir.

Clo, Why this very Lady, after T had kill'd her Brother, gave me
the Protection of her House, hid me in her Closet, while the Oficers
that brought in the Dead Body came to search for me; and, as
soon as their backs were turn'd, poor Soul! hurried me out at a
Priyate door with Tears in her Eyes, Faith. Now, Sir, what think
you? Is not this hint broad enough for a man to make Love upon.

D. Da. Confusion! 1 |

Clo. Look you, Sir, now if you dare; give me a Proof of your
Friendship: Will you do me the Favour to carry me a Letter to

D. Da. Let me consider, Sir Death, and Fire! is all her
height of Sorrow bur Dislembled then? A Prostitute eva to the
man suppos'd my Murderer! It it be true, the Consequence is soon
re solv'd but this requires my farther search· may I depend

on this for truth, Sir ?
Clo, Why Sir, you don't suppose d banter a Lady of her Qualicy.

DO. Du. Damnation! Well, Sir! I'll take your Letter: but first

let me be well acquainted with my Errand. 3
Clo. Sir, I'll write this Moment; if you please, we'll Rep into

the House here, and finish the Business over another Bottle.

Di. Da. With all my Heart
Clo, Alons ! Entres. | LES,

ACT V.

5 lvira ig Discovered alone in Mourning, a Lamp by her:
Don Duart enters behind; Diszaisea. |

D Da. Hus far I am pass'd unknown to any of the Servants
now for the Proof of what I fear ha
vonder she is=— This close retirement, those

sable Colours, the solemn Silence that attends her, no Friends admitted,

nor ev'n the Day to visit her: These seem to speak a real
sorrow ; if not, the Counterfeit is Deep indeed PI fathom
it. Madam | |

Elv. Who's there / another Murderer ! where are my Servants ?
Will nothing but my sorrows wait upon me?

D. Da. Your pardon, Lady; I have no Evil meaning: This

Letter will inform you of my Business, and excuse this Rude Intrusion.

| :

Elu. For me ! whence comes it, Sir?

D. Da. The Contents, Madam, will Explain to you She
seems amaz'd !/ looks almost through the Letter I shou'd susp6ct
this Stranger had bely'd her, but that he gave me such Convincing
Circumstances aha! ihe paulcs 's Death! a smile
too I fear her now | |

Elv. My Frayers are heard: Justice at length has overta'en the
Murdercr : His vow'd Protection having been strictly paid, I now
unperjur'd may revenge my Brother's Blood. It lies on me if I
neglect this fair Occasion : But c ere not safe ro show my Thought;
therefore to be Just, I must Dissemble. | Aside.
Lask your Pardon for my Rbdenes, Sir: upon your Friend's accdunt
you Might indeed have claimed a better Welcome.

D. Da. So ! then she is Damn'd, I find (/ ie.) But I'll have more,
and bring em face to face. My Friend, Madam, thought his Visits
wou'd be unsea sonable, before the sad Solemnity of your Brother's
Funeral. - =

Elv. A needless Fear“ My Brother, Sir! Alas, I owe your
Friend my Thanks for kaving eas'd our Family of so scandalous
N A Riotous Unmanner'd Fellow; I blush to speak of

Im.

D. Da. O patience ! patience ! a DLAside.

Elv. Pray let him know his Absence was the real Cause of this
mistaken Mourning : Tis true indeed, I give it out 'tis for my
Brother's Death: But Women's Hearts and "Tongues, you know,
mult not always hold alliance: you'd think us fond and forward,
shou'd not we now and then Difsemble. Ts

D. Du. How shall T forbear her?

Elv. I grow impatient till he's wholly mine — to Morrow; cis
an Age; I'll make him mine to night — Pl] write to him this
N can you have Patience, Sir, till I prepare a Letter sor
vou | | |
F D. Da. You may Command me, Madam.

PI dispatch immediately will you walk this way,

D. Da. Madam, I wait upon you Revenge ! and Daggers

Tn! | [ Exenunt.,

The SCENE Louisas House :
Louisa, and Jaques.

Lou. Is the Lady seiz'd?

Ja. Yes, Madam, and half Dead with the Fright. |

Lea. Let 'em be ready to produce her, as I directed: When
the Stranger's taken, bring me immediate Notice: *tis. near his
Time, away. : „ [Ex. Js;
Had he not loy'd another, Methinks I cou'd have born his Usge,
sate down alone, content, and found a secret pleasure in Complaining
But to be {lighted for a Girl, a sickly, poor unthinking
Wretch, Incapable of Leve : That! that stabs home: *Tis Poison
to my Thoughts, and (wells ?em to Revenge / my Rival! no! jhe
{hall never Triumph“ Hark ! what noise / they have him sure !
but now! 8 [Euter Jaques,

Jag.

Jig. Madam, the Gentleman is taken.
Loa, Bring hic in — Revenge I thank thee now?

Euter Bre vo's with Carlos difarn'd.

So, Sir ! you are return'd, it seems ; you can love then ! *
have an heart, I find; tho? not for me Perhaps you came to seek
a Worchier Mistress hese: Twou'd be uncharitable to disappoint Le
your Love ll help your search; if she be here, be sure she's
sale !-——open that Door there. |

Enter more Bravoe's with Angelina,; an Hut ercher on hey Neck,
which they hold ready to strangle ber ber.

IS Sir, 1 is «this the Lady 7

Car. My Angelina ! O

Ang. O miserable Meeting !

Loa. Now let me see you smile; and Rudely throw me from
your Arms: Now scorn my Love, my Person, and my Fortune;
Now let your squeamish Virtue fly me as a Disease to modesty,
and tell her now your shameful Tale of my intemperance.
|

Car. O Cruelty of Fate! that cou'd betray such Innocence !
Loa. What, nota word to soften yet thy obftinate Aversion!
thou wretched Fool, thus to provoke thy ruine End her.

[70 the Bravo's.

Car. O hold! for pity hold, and hear me.

Lou. ve learn'd from you to use my Piry——Death! I cou'd
laugh to sce thy trange stupidyy of Love On one Condition
yet she lives an hour ; but if retus'd —o—

Car. Name not a Refusal, be it, or Danger, Death, or Tortures,
any thing that Life can do to save her.

Lon. Nay, if you are so over- willing,

Car. Speak, and I obey you.

Lou. Now then, this Moment kneel and Curse her.

Car. Preserve her, Heav'n, and snatch her from the Jaws of
Gaping Danger (kneeling O may the Watchful Eye of Providence,
that never sleeps o're Innocence Diftressd, look nearly to her; or
if some Miracle alone can save her, the ever-waking Sun in his E-
ern Progress never saw. so fair an Object to employ it on.

Lou. Presuming Fool ! were I inclin'd to save her Life (which
by my Hopes of Peace I do not mean) canst thou believe this
Insolent concern for her tomy Face wou'd not provoke my Veneance.
|
Car, Yet hold ! Forgive my Rashness, I was to blame indeed :
But Passion has transported both of us: Love made me as Heedlets
of her Safety, as wild Revenge has you ev'n of your neglected
Soul. |
Loa. What, doest thou think ro preach me from my Purole?
- |
5 Car. That were too vain an Hope; tho? Pve a pitecus Cause
that might bespeak, without a Tongue, the Mercy of a Human
heart: But if Revenge alone can fate your Fury, at least misplace
it not; Mine was th' Offence, be miue the Punishment, but
spare the Innocent, that Gentle Maid; she ne'er intended: Yet
a Thought against your Peace, I have deserv'd your Anger, nay,
and justly too: For, I confess, I ought to have given you a milder
Treatment : But, to atone the Crime, rip up my Breast, and in
as Heart you'll read the unhappy Cause of my Neglect and Rudeness.
- 6
Lou. How he disarms my Anger / But, must my Rival Triumph
then? 5
Ang. Charge me not with such abhort'd Ingratitude; be Wit.
ness, Heav'n, I'll for ever serve you, Court you, and Confess you
my Preserver ! | | |
Car. For Pity yet resolve, and force your Temper to a Moment's
Pause: Do not Debase your Generous Revenge with
Cruelty ; That every Common Wreteh can take, the savage
Brutes can suck their Fellow-Creatures Blood, and tear their
Bodies down : But Greater Human Souls have more of. Pride to
curb, and bow the stubborn Mind of what they hate ; and such
Revenge, the Nohler far, I offer now to you: See at your Feet
my humbled Scorn imploring, crusht, and prostrate, like a vile
Slave, that falls below your last Contempt, and Tremb ling begs
{or Mercy. 5
Lox. He buries my Revenge in Blushes.
Ang. O Generous Proof of the most Faithful Love !
Car. Think what a Glorious Triumph it wov'd be, that when
your swoll'n Resentment, wild Revenge and Indignation, all
{tood ready, waiting for tha Word, you calld your Forceful Reason
to your Aid resolv'd, and took that Tyrant Pashon Captive

66 Lane makes a Man: Or,

to your Genile Pity: O! twere such a God-like Instance of your

Virtue, as might atone, if possible, ev'n Crimes to come: Revenge,
like this, can never give you that Continued Peace of

Mind which Mercy may; . Compassion has a thousand secret

Charms: Think you *wwere no Delight of Thought to heal the
Wounds of — Lovers, to make two poor afflicted Wretches
happy, whose

Were it no soothing Joy, no secret Pride, to raise em from the

ighest Crime is loving well, and faithfully ?

last Despair, to Hope? to Lise and Love restor'd? Now on my
Heart I read a struggling Pity in your Eye! O cherish it, and
spare our Innocence! Perhaps the story of our Chast Affections,

once compleat, may live a fair Example to succeeding Times; for
which Posterity shall stand indebted to your Virtue, ©

Lou. Release the Lady Go. ' Exeunt Bra vo's.

And now farewel my Follies, and my mistaken Love: For, I

confess, the fair Example of your Mutual Faith, your Tenderness,
Humility and Tears have quite subdued my Soul, at once
have Conquer'd and Reform'd me: O] you have given me such

an Image of the Contentful Peace, th' unshaken Quiet of an
honest Mind, that now I tast more solid joy, being but the Instrument

of your United Virtuous Love, than all my late false

Hopes propos'd, ev n in the last Indulgence of Bliud desire: Now

Love long, and happily ; Forgive my Folie yz, and you have

over paid me. I oins their Hands,
Car. O Providential Care of Innocence Dlftrets?d !

Ang. O Miracle of Rewarded Love ! 1 * |
Car, What shall I say? I scarce have yet the Power of
Thought amidst this Hurry of Transporting Joy! My Angelina!
do I then live to hold thee thus? O! I have a Thousand things

to say, to ask, to weep, and hear of thee But first let's kneel,
and pay our Thanks to Heav'n, and this our kind Preserver;

to whose molt happy Change we owe ev'n all our Life's to come
in Cheerful Gratitude can pay.

Lon. Nay, now you give me a Confusion [Raises em.] But if”
you yet dare trust me with the Story of your Love's Distress:

Far as my Fortune can, command, it freely, ro supply your

Frefent wants, or any Future means propos'd to give you lasting,

Happiness.

The Fop Fortune. 6
Car. Eternal Rounds of never-ending Peace reward your
Wond*rous Bounty : and when you know the Story of our Fortune,
as we {hall soon find due Occasion to relate it; we cannot doubt
twWill both deserve your Pity and A ssistance— But I have been
too busy 1a my Joy, almost had forgot my Friendly Uncle, the
Ancient Gentleman that first came hither with me: How have
you dispos'd him?
Lou. I think he's here, and safe— who waits there ?
Enter Jaques.
Release the Gentleman above, and tell him that his Friends desite
him. | | [Exit Jaques.
Yow'l Pardon, Sir, the Treatment I have shown him; he made a
little too merry with my Felly, which I confess at that time something
too far incens'd me. | -
Car. He's Old and Cheerful, apt to ba free; but he'll be sorry
where his humour gives Offence, | |

Enter Don Lewis; Jaques bowing to him.

D. Lew. Prithee, Honest Dumb! don't be so Ceremonious ! A
Pox on thee, I tell thee it's very well as it is (only my Jaws ake a
little:) But as long as we're all Friends, it's no great Matter
My Dear Charles! I must buss thee, faith! Madam, your
humble Servant beg your Pardon, do you seem—you understand
me. 5 [Ex, Jaques.

Lou. 1 hope we are friends, Sir.

VL. Lew. I hope weare, Madam l am an Honest Old Fellow,
faith; tho? gow and then Iam a little Odd too.

Car. Here's a Stranger, Uncle, |

LD. Lem. What, my little Blossom! my Gilliflower! my Rose!
my Piak ! my Tulip! Faich I mult smell thee [salutes Ang.] Od!
{he's a Delicate Nosegay / I must have her touz'd a littleę
Charles! you must gather to night; Ican stay no longer — Well,
faith! I am heartily Joy'd to sce thee, Child. 8

Arg. I thank you, Sir, and wish I may deserve your Love : One
Fortune once again is kind; but how it comes about—— _

D. Lew. Docs not signify Three-pence ; when Fortuns pays me
a Visit, I seldom trouble my (elf to know which way she came.
I tx] you am glad to see you. 8 "7M 9

Enter

Matter: Iwilh you, tho' Ican'c join you together for my Friend

68 Love males a Man: or,
Euter Jaques. | |

Je. Madam, here's the Lord Governor come to wait upon yout

Ladyship. :

Log. At this late hour | What can his Business be ; desire his
Lordship.to walk in.

Enter Governor.

Gov. Pardon, Madam, this Unseasonable Visit.
Lou. Your Lordship does me Honour.
Gov. At least, I hope, my Business will Excuse it: some Strangers

here below, upon their Offer'd Oaths, demanded my Authority to

{earch your house for a lost young Lady; to whom the one of em af.

firms himself the Father: But the Respe& I owe your Ladiship, made

me refuse their search till T had spoken with you.
Ang. It must be they —— Now, Madam, your Protection, or we

yet are lost.

Lou. Be not concern'd! wou'd you avoid em? 8
Cor. No: we must be found, let em have Entrance; we have an

honest Cause, aad would provoke its Tryal.

Low. Conduct the Gentlemen without. Exit. Jaques.

My Lord, I'll answer for their Honesty ; and as they are Strangers,
Where the Law's severe, mult beg you'd favour and assist em.

Gov. You may Command me, Madam; tho? there's no great
fear : for having heard the most that they cou'd urge against *em, I
found in their Complaints more of Spleen and Humour, than any
Just Appearance of a Real Injury. .

Enter D. Manuel, Charino, Antonio, aud Clodio.

Cha. VII have Justice. _
Ant. Don't be too hot, Brother.

The. Sir, I demand Justice,

D. Ma. That's the Lady, Sir, I told you of.

Clo. Ah! that's she, my Lord, I am witness.

Car. My Father! Sir, your Pardon, and your Blefling.

Ant. Why truly, Charles, I begin to be a little reconcil'd to the

and Brother here is very Obstinate, and will admit of noSatisfaQ ion:
But however, Heaven bless you, in spite of his Tecth.

Cha. This is all Contrivance! Roguery! JI am abus'd! I say deliver
my Davghter—she is an Heiress, Sir; and to detain her is &
Rape in Law, Sir; and a Rape and Law, Sir, are Death and the

Devil, and Tl have you all Hang'd : Therefore no more Dela: s,

Sir: For I tell you before-hand, 1 am a Wise man, and 'tis impoilible
to trick me. Ws 5 |
Ant. I say you are too Positive, Brother; and when yeu learn
more Wisdom, you'll have some. |

Cha. I say, Brother, this is meer Malice, when you know in your
own Conscience I have ten times your Understanding: For you ice
Pm quite of another Opinion. And so once more, my Lord, I
demand Justice against that Ravisher.

Gov. Does your vg pt Sir, complain of any Violence ?

Cha. Your Lordship knows young Girls never Complain when
the Violence is over; he has taught her better, I supposc.

Ang. (To Cha, kneelizg.) Sir, you are my Father, bred me,
cherish'd me, gave me my affections, taught me to keep m hitherto
within the Bounds of Honour, and of Virtue; let me conjure
you (by the chast Love my Mother bore you, when she pre-
{err'd, to her Mistaken Parents Choice, her being yours without a
a Dower) not to beitow my Person, where those Affections nere
can follow I cannot love that Gentleman more than a Sister
ought: But here my heart's subdued cva to the last Compliance
with my Fortune He, Sir, has nobly wWwoed, and won me; and!
am only his, or miserable. |

Che, Get up again.

Gov. Come, Sir, be persuaded: Your Daughter has made an
Honourable and Happy Choice: This severity will but expose your
self and her. | -

Cha, My Lord, I don't want advice, Ill consider with my sell,

and resolve upon my own Opinion,

8 Enter Jaques.
Jag. My Lord, here's a stranger without, enquires for your Lordip,
and tor a Gentleman that calls himself Ciodio.
Clo, Hay! Ah monChere Amy! [Euter Don Duart 4% Ad.
Well, what News, my Dear, has she answer'd my Letter?
7 K D. Du.

D. Dx. There, Sir This to your Lordship. 85

| [. Gives hima Letter, anawhispers,

Gov, Married to Night! and to this Gentleman, sayst thou?
I'm amaz'd. é |

D. Da. He is her Choice, my Lord.

Clo. (Reading the Letter —Um—um---Charms—lIrrefittible, —excuse—
{o {oon——Passion—Blushe —Tonfent—Provision—Children
Zettlement Marriage — If this is not Plain, the Devils in't

hold, here's more, fauh [ Reads to himself.
D. Ma. How shall I requite this Goodnels ? II Louisa.

Lou. I owe you more than I have leisure now to pay: Press me
not too far, lest I shou'd offer more than you are willing to receive:

Favours, when long withheld, sometimes grow Tastless ; over-fasting

often Palls the Appetite, Th
D. Ma, The Appetite of Love, like mine, can never Dye; it
wou'd be ever Tasting and Unfated. [They seem to talk apart.
Gov. Tis very {sudden—but give my Service, P!] wait upon her.
C!o. Ha ! ha! ha! Poor Soul! Pl be with her presently : and,
faith, since I have made my own Fortune, Pli ev'n patch up my
Brother's too. Hark you, my Dear Dad that shou'd ha? been
This Busines is all at an End for look you, I find your Daughter's
engag'd; and, to tell you truth, so am I faith? If my Brother
has a mind to marry her let him; for I shall not, split me
And now, Gentlemen and Ladies, if you will do me the Honour
to grace mine, and the Lady Elvira's Wedding, such homely Entertainment
as my poor House affords, you {hall be all heartily Welcome
to. 4 Hh :
D. Lew. Thy house ! ha! ha ! Well said, Puppy!
Clo, Hah ! Old Tefty !
Ch. What doest thou mean, man: | [T9 Clo.
Gov. Tis ev'n so, I can assure you, Sir: I have my self an Invitation
from the Lady's own hand, that confirms it: I know her
Fortune well, and am surpriz'd at it.
Ang. Blest news? This seems a ferward step to reconcile us all.
Cha, It this be true, my Lord, I have been thinking to no Purpose:
my design's all broke to pieces. -
Aut, Come, Brother, we'll mend it as well as we can; and since
that young Rogue has rudely tueg'd tat upon your Daughter, Il
61 ap the Blank with Charles Name, and let the rest of the Settlement
itand as it Was. | |

5 ves ee

The Fop's Fortuns. 71
Ch. Hold, I'll first see this Wedding, and then give you my
Final Resolution. | T
Clo, Come, Ladies, if you please, my Friend will show you.
Lou. Sir, we Wait upon you, _ EY
Cha, This Wedding's an odd thing
D. Lew. Ha! ha! If it should be a Lye now [Exeunt,

The SCEN E Changes 70 Elvira's Apartment.
Elvira alone with Clolio's Letter in her hand.

Eu. At how severe a Price do Women purchase an Unspotted
Fame? When ev'n the Justest Title can't assure Possession : When
we Reflect upon the Insolent and Daily wrongs, which Men, and
Scandal, throw upon our Actions, *twere enough to make a modeit
Mind despair: It we are fair, and chast, we are proud; if free,
we are wanton; cold, we are cunning, and if kind, forsaken :
Nothing we do, or think on, be the motive ne'er so just, or generous,
but still the malice, or the guilt of men interprets to our
shame: Why showd this Stranger else, this wretched Stranger,
whose forfeit LifeI rashly sav'd, presume from that mistaken Charity
to tempt me with encourag'd Love ? [Enter 4 Servnt.
Hark ! what Musick's that? [La Flourisb]

Ser. Madam, the Gentlemen are come.

Elv. Tis well; Arc the Officers ready?

Ser. Yes, Madam, and know your Ladiship's Orders.

Elv. Conduct the Company. Now Justice shall uncloud my
Fame, and see my Brother's Death reveng'd.

Enter Haut oys playing, Clodio singing : D. Duart, Gov. D. Man. Lou.
Car. Ang. Ant. Charino, aud D. Lewis.

Clo, Well, Madam, you see I'm punctual you've nick'd
your Man, Faith, Pm always critical=—to a minute, you'll never
stay for me. Ladies, and Gentlemen, I desire youll do me the
Honour of being better acquainted here - my Lord
Gov. Give you Joy, Madam. | | |

Clo. Nay, Madam, I have brought you some near Relaticns of
my own t00—— This Don Antonio, who will shortly have the Honour
tocall you Daughter. 5

Aut. The Young Rouge has made a pretty choice, Faith.

242 1 nate a 1 Man: Or,
Clo. This Don Charino, who Was 3 having the Hanour of
calling me Son. This my Elder: Beöbfier an "his my Noble

Uncle, Don C bench — r ae 10 it 10
D. Lew. Puppy.“

(Id. Pecvish, "NC
D. Lew. Madam, I with you Joy aiich all my heart; but Sg 1
can't much advise you to marry t his Gentleman, because in a day
or two you'll really find him extreamly shocking £. L those that know

him, generally give him the Title of Do Dismatlo, Thickskallo de
Tlalfn it to. :

Clo. Well said Nunkle, ha; ha. | #- |
D. Du. Are you provided of a Priest, Sir ?: |
Clo. Ay, ay, Pox on him, wou'd he were come rhc?.

D. Du, So wou'd J, I want the Cue to act this Justice on my
Honour.

Vet I cannot read the Folly in her Looks. [ Asia.
Gov. Lou have surpriz'd us, Madam, by this sudden Marriage..
|
Blu, EF may yet surprize you more, my Lord.
D. Da. Sir, Don't you think your Br ide looks melancholly ?
Clo. Ay poor Fool / she's modest—— but J have a cure for at
well, my Princess ; why that demure Look now ?
Elv. I was thinking Sir ——
Co. I know what you think of You don't think at all.
You don't know what to think You neither: see, hear, feel,

smell, nor taste; you han't the right use of one of your Senses—
in short, you have! it.

Now my Princess, have not I nickt it ?
Elv. J am sorry, Sir, you know {o\little of your A or me.

Enter 4 1

Ser. Madam, The Priest is come.

Elv. Let him wait, we've no occasion yet
— seize him

[Severat. Officers rash in, who seize Clodio, and bind him
D. Du. Ha!
Gov. What Can this mean? |
Clo. Gats me! What is my Dear ia her Frolicks already?

Elxv. And now, My Lord, your Justice on that Murtherer.
Gev. How, Madam.

— within there:

FO Cho.

Clo. That Bitch my Fortune!

D. Lew. Madam, upon my Knecs, I beg you, don't carry the
Jest too sar, but if there be any real hopes of his having zn Halter,
leis know it in three words, that I may be sure at once sor every
that no carthly thing but a Reprieve can save him. | |
A. Ge : [Apart toElvy

Ant. Pray, Madam, who accuses him? Th

Elv. His own Confession, Sir.

Cha. Of Murther, say you, Madam!

Ev. The Murther cf my Brother.

Gov. Where was this Confession made? |
Elv. After the Fact was done, my Lord, this Man pursued by
Justice, took shelter here, and trembling, begg'd of me for my protection
he seem'd indeed a Stranger, and his Complaints so pitiful,
that I, little suspicious of my Brother's Death, promis'd by a
rash and solemn Vow,I wou'd conceal him: Which Vow Heav'n
camwitness with what distraction in my Thoughts I strictly kept
and paid; but he, alas“ mistaking this my Hospitable Charity
tor the Effects of a most Vile Preposterous Love, proceeds upon
his Error, and in this Letter here addresses me for Marriage; which,
I once having paid my Vow, answer'd in such prevailing terms,
upon his Folly, as now have, unprotected, drawn him into the
Hands of. Justice. | |

D. Da. She is innocent, and well has disappointed my Revenge.
| [ Afrae.
: 8 So, now I am a little easy=—— the Puppy will be
ang'd. |

Gov. Give me leave, Madam, to ask you yet some farther
Questions. a

Clo, Ay —— I! shall be hang'd, I believe. |

Cha. Nay then, tis time to take care of my Daughter; for I
am now convinc'd that my Friend Clogy is dispos'd of——and so,
without Compliment, do you see Children Heav'n bless you
together. [Joixs Car, and Ang. Hands:

Car, This, Sir, is a time unfit to thank you as we ought.

Ant. Well Brother, Ithank you however-; Charles is an Honest

Lad, and will deserve her; but poor C/ody's Ill Fortune I cov?
never ha ve sulpcQed. ey

D. Lew.

74 Loe makes a Man : or,

D. Lew. Why you wou'd be positive, tho? you know, Brother,
Falways told you, Dismall wou'd be hang'd
him a little, because the Dog has been pert with me-- ———(ogy !
{How do'st thou do? Ha! why you are tied !

Co. I hate this Old Fellow, Split me.

Di. Lew. Thou hast really made a Damn'd Blunder here, Child,

to invite so many People toa Marriage Knot, and instead of that
It's like to be one under the left Ear. a at |
Cds. I'd fain have him Dye. PN "LA
D. Lew. Well my dear I'll provide for thy going off however: let
me see ! you'll only have occasion for a Nosegay, a pair of White
Gloves, and a Coffin: look you, take you no care about the Surgeons,
youshall not be Anatomiz*d—P'll get the Body off with a wet
Finger,
/- C/o. O Rot him, Ican't bear this.
D. Lew, Well I won't trouble thee no more now Child, if I
am not engag'd I don't know but I may come to the Tree, and
Bing a Stave or two with thee Nay I'll rise on purpose ——
ho you will hardly Suffer before Twelve a Clock neither ay
just about Twelve about Twelve you'll be Turn'd off

Clo, O Curse consume him. TEE
Gov. I am Convinc'd, Madam, the Fact appears too plain.
D. Lew. Yes, yes he'll suffer. L Aue.
Gov. What says the Gentleman, do you confess the Fact, Sir?
Clo. Will it do me any Good, my Lord?
Gov. Perhaps it may, If yoii can prove it was not done in Ma-
Co. Why then to confels the Truth my Lord, I did Pink him,
and Iam sorry for*t ; but it was none of my Fault, Split me.
» Elv. Now my Lord, your Justice.

D. Ds. Hold, Madam, that remains in me to give: For know,
your Brother Lives, aud Happy in the Proof of such a Siiter's

Virtue. [ Discovers himself.
Elv. My Brother! Olet my Wonder speak my Joy !
Clo. Hay! = _[Clodio, and his Frienas, seem Surpriz'd,

Recovery ?

D. Da. My Body's Health the Surgeon has restor'd: but here's
the true Physician of my Mind: The hot distemper'd Blood,
which lately render'd me offensive to Mankind, his Just resenting
Sword let forth, which gave me lei ure to Reflect upon my Follies
elle tien Beer 2

I must plague

Tho methinks I'd fain see the Inside of the Puppy too.

Gov. Den. Duart! Living and Well! how came this strange

N WET ———

— Abe Mt. ,4 poo IT ia

Elv. This is indeed an Happy Change. 5

Gov. Release the Gentleman. |

Clo. Here Testy, prithee do so much as untye this a little.

D. Lew. Why so I will Sirrah, I find thou hast done a Mettled
thing, and I don't know whether it's worth my while to be Shock'd
at thee any longer. .'- © ©

Ely. I ask your Pardon for the Wrong I have done you Sir,
and Blush to think how much I owe you for a Brother thus Restor'd.
| |

Clo, Madam, your yery humble Servant, it's mighty well as
It 18. N

D. Da. We are indeed his Debtors both; and Sister there's but

one way now of being Grateful: For my fake give him such returns

of Love, as he may yet think firto Ask, or you with Modesty can
Answer. | .

Clo. Sir I thank you, and when you don't think ic Impudence in
me to wish my self well with your Sister, I shall beg leave to make
use of your Friendship. |

D. Da. This Modesty Commends you, Sir. |

Ant. Sir, you have Propos'd like « Man of Honour; and if the
Lady can but like of it, {he shall find those among us, that will
make him up a Fortune to deserve ger. |

Car. I wish my Brother well, and as I once offer'd him to divide
my Birth- right, Pm ready still to put my Words into Performance.

D. Lew. Nay then, since I find the Rogue's no longer like to
be an Enemy to Charles, as far as a few Acres go, Pll be his Friend

D. Du. Sister. J
El. This is no Trifle, Brother; allow me a convenient time to
Think, and if the Gentleman continues to deserve your Friendship,
he shal! not much complain I am his Enemy.

D. Lew. So! now it will bea Wedding again, Faith,

D. Ma. And if this kind Example cou'd prevail on you.

Lou. It it cou'd not, your Merit has sufficient Power: From this
Moment I am Yours for ever.

D. Ma. Which way shall T be Grateful?
Clo. Nay then, strike up again Boys——and with the Ladies
leave, II make bold to lead em up a Dance alas Mode I Angleterre,
„ | [They Dance.
bravely done of all sides: and now Charles

we'll even Tost our Noses over a Chirping Bottle, and Laugh at
our past Fortune. £
Car. Come my Angelling ; |
Our Bark at length has found a Quiet Harbour,
And the Diftressful Voyage of our Loves
Ends not alone in Safety but Reward :
Now we Unlade qur Fraight of Happiness,
Of which fram.theealone my Share's Deriv'd :
Por all my Former search in deep Philosophy,
Not knowing Thee, was a meer Dream of Life:
But Love in one soft, Moment Taught me more
Than all the Volumes of the Learn'd cou'd reach,
Gave me the Proof when Natures Birth began,
To what Great End th? Eternal Form'd a Man.
