RAW DOWNLOAD (complete file, unedited except for this header)
DESCRIPTION: Hakluyt, Principal Navigations, MacLehose ed. (Glasgow 1903) vol. I (all prefatory epistles), complete uncorrected OCR
URL FETCHED: https://archive.org/download/principalnavigat01hakl/principalnavigat01hakl_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
==============================================================================

J\'f 


m 


I 


\ 


The   Principal 

Navigations  Voyages  Traffiques  and 

Discoveries  of  the  EngUsh  Nation 


In  Twelve  Volumes 
Volume  I 


GLASGOW 
PRINTED     AT     THE     UNIVERSITY     PRESS     BY 
ROBERT     MACLEHOSE      AND     COMPANY      FOR 
JAMES     MACLEHOSE    AND    SONS,    PUBLISHERS 
TO    THE    UNIVERSITY    OF    GLASGOW 

MACMILLAN    AND    CO.     LTD.  LONDON 

THE    MACMILLAN    CO.  NEW    YORK 

SIMPKIN,     HAMILTON     AND    CO.  LONDON 

MACMILLAN    AND    BOWES  CAMBRIDGE 

DOUGLAS    AND    FOULIS  EDINBURGH 

MCMIII 


One  thousand  copies  of  this  book  have  been  printed 

for   sale    in    Great  Britain  and  Ireland,  of  which  one 

hundred  copies  are  on  hand-made  paper 


ELIZABETA  D.  G  .  ANGLIi^.rRANCL«L.HIBERNIA,ET  VERGINIA. 
REGINA  CHRIS TIANAE  FIDEI  VNICVM  PROPVGNACVLVM  . 

■Tmtrurtaks    hemes  'Rxgum ,  cut     rum   tulit  irtas  Queis  wsce  tmtvm   fipmmt  rrltfta  tmma  regna  , 

C       <Vlla  pier,  vemnu  nee  Jeret  iflLtparem  ,  ^r^  ^umtum  tu  'maur  "Reoihus    cs   rthyas  , 

Stfgiu  jut>  maimtam    terns  "habkarr  Sritantuu  "hue  ^recor  JeUx   taiui  in   madenwme  reqrd  , 
lirsmet    alma,  -^ws,  LifHtia  atqurTUes,  "Dum   tUn  "Roc  "Kyum  caUca  rcgna  jarn  . 

h  t..ni«..  t-n^-r  J«F  M<^tui>   %mt  ififm  Jim  nntu  htmii  Kftam-t/  hU,  .     U^  •iff 


C\ 


The    Principal 


Navigations  Voyages/ 
Traffiques  &  Discoveries 

of  the  English   Nation 


Made    by    Sea    or    Over-land    to    the 

Remote  and  Farthest  Distant  Quarters 

of  the  Earth   at   any  time   within  the 

compasse  of  these  1600  Yeeres 


By 
RICHARD    HAKLUYT 

Preacher,  and  sometime  Student  of 
Christ-Church  in  Oxford 


VOLUME   I 


Glasgow 
James    MacLehose    and    Sons 

Publishers  to  the  University 

MCMIII 


THE    TABLE 


PAGE 

Publishers'    Note,         ......       xiii 

The   Epistle    Dedicatorie    to    Sir  Francis  Walsing- 

ham,  in  the  First  Edition,    1589,        .  .       xvii 

Richard  Halduyt  to  the   Favourable   Reader,  .     xxiii 

The  Epistle  Dedicatorie  to  Lord  Charles  Howard, 
in  the  First  Volume  of  the  Second  Edition, 
1598,  .......      xxxi 

A  Preface  to  the  Reader  as  touching  the  principall 
Voyages  and  discourses  in  the  first  part 
of   the   Second    Edition,    1598,  .  .    xxxix 

Panegyrick  Verses  on  the  Author  and  his  Booke,     .         Ix 

The  Epistle  Dedicatorie  to  Sir  Robert  Cecil,  in 
the  Second  Volume  of  the  Second  Edition, 
i599> l^iii 

The  Epistle  Dedicatorie  to  Sir  Robert  Cecil,  in 
the  Third  Volume  of  the  Second  Edition, 
1600,  .......      Ixxiv 


0<^Ci^ 


THE    TABLE 

PAGE 

A  Catalogue  of  the  Voyages  of  this  first  volume 
made  to  the  North  and  Northeast  quarters  ; 
with  the  Ambassages,  Treatises,  Priviledges, 
Letters,  and  other  observations,  depending 
upon  the  Voyages  of  this  first  Volume  : 

The  voyage  of  Arthur  K.  of  Britaine  to    Island  and   the 

most  Northeastern  parts  of  Europe,  Anno  517,  .  3 

Two  testimonies  of  Galfridus  Monumetensis  in  his  history 
of  the  Kings  of  Brittaine,  concerning  the  conquests  of 
King  Arthur,  ......  4 

A  testimony  of  M.  Lambard  in  his  ApxatovofiLa,  touching  the 
right  and  appendances  of  the  Crowne  of  the  kingdome 
of  Britaine,  .......  5 

The  voyage  of  Malgo  king  of  Britaine  to  Island,  Gotland, 

Orkney,  Denmark  and  Norway,  Anno  580,       .  .  7 

The  conquest  of  the  Isles  of  Anglesey  and  Man  by  Edwin 

the  Saxon  king  of  Northumberland,  Anno  624,  .  8 

The  voyage  of  Bertus  into  Ireland,  Anno  684,  .  .  lo 

The  voyage  of  Octher  to  the  North  parts  beyond  Norway 

about  the  yeere  890,  .  .  .  .  .11 

The  second   voyage   of  Octher   into   the   Sound   of  Den- 

marke,  .  .  .  .  .  .  .14 

Wolstans  Navigation  into  the   East  sea,  or   the    Sound   of 

Denmarke,    .  .  .  .  .  .  .15 

The  voyage  of  King  Edgar  with  4000.  shippes  round  about 

his  large  Monarchic,  Anno  973,  .  .  .  .16 

The  voyage  of  Edmund  and  Edward  the  sonnes  of  King 

Edmund  Ironside,  into  Hungary,  Anno  1017,  .  .  24 

A  Chronicle  of  the  Kings  of  Man,  taken  out  of  M.  Camdens 

Chorographie,  .  .  .  .  .25 

vi 


THE    TABLE 

A  Catalogue  of  the  Voyages — Continued,  page 

The  mariage  of  the  daughter  of  Harald  unto  Jeruslaus  duke 

of  Russia  in  his  owne  Countrey,  Anno  1067,     ,  .  4.2 

The  ancient  state  of  the  shipping  of  the  Cinque  Ports,         .  42 

The  voyage  of  a  certaine  Englishman  into  Tartaria,  and 

from  thence  into  Poland  and  Hungary,  Anno  1243,    .  50 

Libellus  historicus  Johannis  de  Piano  Carpini,  .  .  55 

The  long  and  wonderfull  voyage  of  Frier  John  de  Piano 

Carpini,  Anno  1246,  .....  94 

The  journall  of  Frier  William  de  Rubricis,  Anno  1253,       .        179 

Part  of  the  great  Charter  graunted  by  King  Edward  the 

first,  to  the  Barons  of  the  Cinque  Ports, .  .  .        293 

The  rolle  of  the  huge  Fleete  of  Edward  the  thirde  before 

Caleis,  .......        297 

The  summe  of  expences  layde  out  in  the  siege  of  Caleis,       .        299 

A  note  of  Thomas  Walsingham  touching  King  Edward  the 
thirde  his  huge  Fleete  of  iioo.  ships,  wherewith  he 
passed  over  unto  Caleis,  Anno  1359,        •  •  •        3^^ 

The  voyage  of  Nicolaus  de  Linna  a  Franciscan  Frier,  and 
an  excellent  Mathematician  of  Oxford  to  all  the  Regions 
situate  under  the  North-pole,  Anno  1360,         .  .301 

A  Testimonie  of  the  learned  Mathematician  Master  John 
Dee,  touching  the  foresaid  voyage  of  Nicholas  De 
Linna,  .......        303 

The  voyage  of  Henry  Earle  of  Derby,  afterward  King  of 

England,  into  Prussia  and  Letto,  Anno  1390,    .  .        304 

The  voyage  of  Thomas  of  Woodstock   duke   of  Glocester 

into  Prussia,  Anno  1391,  .  .  .  .  .        306 


THE    TABLE 

A  Catalogue  of  the  Voyages — Continued.  page 

Certaine  verses  of  Geffrey  Chaucer,  concerning  the  long 
Voyages,  and  valiant  exploits  of  the  English  knights 
in  his  dayes,  ......        307 

A  testimonie  out  of  Cornelius  Tacitus,  proving  London  to 
have  bene  a  famous  Mart-towne  in  the  raigne  of  Nero 
the  Emperour,         ......       308 

A  testimony  out  of  venerable  Beda,  prooving  London  to  have 

bene  a  Citie  of  great  traffique  in  his  time,  .  ,        309 

The  league  betweene  Carolus  Magnus  and  Offa   King  of 

Mercia,  concerning  the  safe  trade  of  English  Merchants,        310 

An  ancient  testimony  translated  out  of  the  oide  Saxon 
Lawes,  conteyning  the  advancement  of  Merchants,  for 
their  thrice  crossing  the  wide  seas,  .  .  .        312 

A  testimony  of  certaine  Privileges  obteined  for  the  English 

and  Danish  Merchants  by  Canutus  the  King  of  England,        3 1 3 

The  flourishing  state  of  Merchandise  in  the  City  of  London 

in  the  dayes  of  Wilhelmus  Malmesburiensis,       .  .        314. 

A  testimony  of  the  said  Wil.  of  Malmesbury  concerning 

traffique  to  Bristow  in  his  time,    .  .  .  .315 

The  league  betweene  Henry  the  second,  and  Frederick 
Barbarossa  Emperour  of  Germany,  partly  touching 
trade  of  Merchandise,         .  .  .  .  .316 

A    generall    safe    conduct    granted    by    King    John    to    all 

forreine  Merchants,  .  .  .  .  •319 

The  letters  of  King  Henry  the  third,  unto  Haquinus  king 

of  Norwey,  .  .  .  .  ,  .  .320 

A  mandate  for  the  king  of  Norway  his  ship  called,  The  Cog,        322 

A   Charter  granted   for   the   behalfe   of  the   Merchants   of 

Colen,  in  the  20.  yeere  of  Henry  the  thirde,     .  .        323 


THE    TABLE 

A  Catalogue  of  the  Voyages — Continued.  page 

The  Charter  of  Lubeck  granted   for  seven   yeeres  in   the 

time  of  Henry  the  third,    .  .  .  .  .324 

A  Charter  of  the  Merchants  of  Almaine,  or  the  Stilyard- 

merchants,    .  .  ,  ,  .  .  .326 

A  mandate  of  King  Edward  the  first  concerning  outlandish 

Merchants,  .......        327 

King  Edw.  the  first  his  great  Charter  granted  to  forreine 

Merchants,  Anno  Dom.  1303,      ....        327 

The  letters  of  Edward  the  second  unto  Haquinus  King  of 
Norway,  concerning  certain  English  Merchants  arrested 
in  Norway,  .  .  .  .  .  .  '339 

Another  letter  of  Edw,  the  second  unto  the  said  Haquinus 

for  the  merchants  aforesaid,  ....        343 

A   third   letter   of   King   Edward   the   second   to   the  said 

Haquinus  in  the  behalfe  of  our  English  merchants,       .        344 

An  Ordinance  for  the  Staple  to  be  holden  at  one  certaine 

place, 350 


IX 


ILLUSTRATIONS 


Queen  Elizabeth, 


PAGE 

Frontispiece 


From  the  engraving  published  by  Joannes  Woutnelius, 
1596.  The  name  of  the  engraver  of  this  plate  is 
unknown.  Sir  William  Stirling  Maxwell  assigns  it 
to  Crispin  van  de  Passe,  while  Henry  ^Bromley,  in 
his  Catalogue  of  Engraved  British  Portraits,  believes 
it  to  be    the  work  of  one  of  the  brothers  Wierix. 


Facsimile   of  the   Title   Page  to  the  First  Edition 
of  'The   Principall  Navigations,'    1589, 


XXIV 


Facsimile  of  the  Title  Page  to  the  First  Volume 

of  the   Second  Edition,    1598,       .  .  .     xxxii 

Facsimile  of  the  Title  Page  to  the  Second  Volume 

of  the  Second  Edition,    1599,         .  .  .       Ixiv 


Facsimile  of  the  Title  Page  to  the  Third  Volume 

of  the  Second  Edition,    1600,     .  .  .    Ixxiv 


XI 


ILLUSTRATIONS 

PAGE 

*Typus  Orbis  Terrarum/ i 

This  Map,  which  first  appeared  in  the  Theatrum  Orbis 
Terrarum  of  Abraham  Ortelius,  Antwerp,  1570, 
was  inserted  in  the  First  Edition  of  The  Principall 
Navigations y  1589.  It  is  referred  to  by  Hakluyt 
in  the  preface  (p.  xxx)  as  *one  of  the  best  generall 
mappes  of  the  world.'  The  map  here  reproduced 
in  facsimile  is  taken  from  the  original  in  the  First 
Edition  of  The  Principall  Navigations. 

Map  of  the  World, 35^ 

This  is  a  facsimile  of  the  Map  sometimes,  but  rarely,  found 
in  copies  of  the  Second  Edition  of  The  Principall 
Navigations  ;  it  is  now  believed  to  be  the  Map  alluded 
to  by  Shakespeare  in  Twelfth  Night,  Act  III,  Scene  2. 
in  the  passage  '  He  does  smile  his  face  into  more 
lines  than  is  in  the  new  map  with  the  augmen- 
tation of  the  Indies/  It  is  also  held  to  be  the  first 
map  engraved  in  England  upon  the  projection 
called  Mercator's,  but  which  was  really  the  work  of 
Edward  Wright,  mathematician  and  hydrographer, 
and  author  of  Certaine  Errors  in  Navigation,  1599. 


PUBLISHERS'    NOTE 

The  first  edition  of  '  The  Principall  Navigations, 
Voiages  and  Discoveries  of  the  English  nation,  made 
by  Sea  or  ouer  Land,  to  the  most  remote  and  farthest 
distant  Quarters  of  the  earth  at  any  time  within  the 
compasse  of  these  1 500.  yeeres.  ...  By  Richard  Hakluyt 
Master  of  Artes,  and  Student  sometime  of  Christ- 
Church  in  Oxford '  was  '  imprinted  at  London  by 
George  Bishop  and  Ralph  Newberie,  Deputies  to 
Christopher  Barker,  Printer  to  the  Queenes  most 
excellent  Maiestie '  in  the  year  1589,  in  one 
volume  foolscap  folio.  Some  copies  of  this  first  edition 
contain  a  cancel  of  pp.  491-501,  substituting  for  'The 
Ambassage  of  Sir  Hierome  Bowes  to  the  Emperour  of 
Moscouie  1583'  a  different  account  entitled  'A  briefe 
discourse  of  the  voyage  of  Sir  lerome  Bowes  knight,  her 
Maiesties  ambassador  to  the  Emperour  of  Muscouia,  in 
the  yeere  1582  :  and  printed  this  second  time,  according 
to  the  true  copie  I  receiued  of  a  gentleman  that  went 
in  the  same  voyage,  for  the  correction  of  the  errours 
in  the  former  impression.'  It  was,  of  course,  this 
amended  account  which  appeared  in  the  second  edition, 
but  for  the  purposes  of  comparison  the  original  account 
will  be  printed  as  an  appendix  in  the  third  volume. 


PUBLISHERS'   NOTE 

A  second  edition  of  '  The  Principal!  Navigations  * 
revised  and  enlarged,  and  with  the  voyages  now  stated 
as  having  been  made  '  within  the  compasse  of  these 
1 600.  yeeres  *  was  '  imprinted  at  London  by  George 
Bishop,  Ralph  Newberie  and  Robert  Barker*  in  the 
years  1598,  1599,  and  1600,  in  three  volumes  foolscap 
folio. 

The  title  page  of  the  first  volume  of  the  second 
edition  originally  contained  a  reference  to  *  the  famous 
victorie  atchieued  at  the  citie  of  Cadiz,  1596,'  but 
after  the  disgrace  of  the  Earl  of  Essex  this  title 
page  was  cancelled  in  many  copies,  and  a  new  one, 
bearing  the  date  1599,  without  any  reference  to  the 
Cadiz  expedition  was  substituted.  This  reprinted  title- 
page  states  the  contents  of  the  Second  Volume  as  well 
as  of  the  First.  The  text  of  '  the  briefe  and  true  report  * 
of  the  expedition  occupying  pp.  607-619  was  at  the 
same  time  cut  out,  but  in  many  copies  has  been  replaced 
by  a  modern  reprint  occupying  one  page  more. 

Facsimiles  of  the  title  page  of  the  first  edition  and 
of  the  three  title  pages  of  the  second  edition  are 
reproduced  here  ;  and  the  dedication  and  preface  to 
the  first  edition  are  also  included. 

The  text  of  this  edition  is  an  exact  reprint  of  that 
of  1 598-1 600  with  the  following  exceptions  : — the 
letters  i,  j,  u,  and  v  are  used  according  to  modern 
custom  ;  contracted  forms  such  as  m  for  '  mm,'  n  for 
^  nn,'  u  for  *  um,'  q;  for  'que'  have  been  extended, 
and  obvious  printers'  errors  have  been  corrected.  The 
punctuation  of  the  second  edition  has  been  followed 
throughout.  At  the  suggestion  of  Professor  Skeat 
references  to  the  volumes  and  pages  of  the  original 
text    have    been    inserted    in    the    margin. 


PUBLISHERS'   NOTE 

Professor  Walter  Raleigh*s  Essay  on  the  Life  and 
Work  of  Hakluyt  and  a  full  Index  to  the  whole 
text,  will  be  included  in  the  twelfth  volume. 

The  Publishers  desire  to  express  their  indebtedness 
to  Mr.  Basil  H.  Soulsby,  Superintendent  of  the  Map 
Room,  British  Museum,  and  Secretary  of  the  Hakluyt 
Society,  for  his  assistance  in  the  selection  of  maps  and 
illustrations. 

All  the  maps,  plans,  and  charts  in  this  edition  are 
from  contemporary  sources,  and  have  been  reproduced 
in  exact  facsimile  with  the  view  of  illustrating  the  state 
of  cartography  in  Hakluyt's  time. 


Glasgow, 

September,  1903. 


Dedications   &'  Prefaces 


THE   EPISTLE  DEDICATORIE   IN   THE 
FIRST  EDITION,    1589. 

To  the  Right  Honorable  Sir  Francis  Walsingham. 
Knight,  Principall  Secretarie  to  her  Majestic, 
Chancellor  of  the  Duchie  of  Lancaster,  and 
one  of  her  Majesties  most  honourable  Privie 
Councell. 

IGHT  Honorable,  I  do  remember  that 
being  a  youth,  and  one  of  her  Majesties 
scholars  at  Westminster  that  fruitfull  nur- 
serie,  it  was  my  happe  to  visit  the  chamber 
of  M.  Richard  Hakluyt  my  cosin,  a  Gen- 
tleman of  the  Middle  Temple,  well  knowen 
unto  you,  at  a  time  when  I  found  lying 
open  upon  his  boord  certeine  bookes  of  Cosmographie, 
with  an  universall  Mappe  :  he  seeing  me  somewhat 
curious  in  the  view  therof,  began  to  instruct  my  ignorance, 
by  shewing  me  the  division  of  the  earth  into  three  parts 
after  the  olde  account,  and  then  according  to  the  latter, 
&  better  distribution,  into  more  :  he  pointed  with  his 
wand  to  all  the  knowen  Seas,  Gulfs,  Bayes,  Straights, 
Capes,  Rivers,  Empires,  Kingdomes,  Dukedomes,  and 
Territories  of  ech  part,  with  declaration  also  of  their 
speciall  commodities,  &  particular  wants,  which  by  the 
benefit  of  traffike,  &  entercourse  of  merchants,  are  plenti- 
fully supplied.  From  the  Mappe  he  brought  me  to  the 
Bible,  and  turning  to  the  107  Psalme,  directed  mee  to  the 
23  &  24  verses,  where  I  read,  that  they  which  go  downe 
to  the  sea  in  ships,  and  occupy  by  the  great  waters,  they 
see  the  works  of  the  Lord,  and  his  woonders  in  the  deepe. 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE  \ 

&c.  Which  words  of  the  Prophet  together  with  my  ; 
cousins  discourse  (things  of  high  and  rare  delight  to  my  | 
yong  nature)  tooke  in  me  so  deepe  an  impression,  that  I  \ 
constantly  resolved,  if  ever  I  were  preferred  to  the  Uni-  \ 
versity,  where  better  time,  and  more  convenient  place  might  ; 
be  ministred  for  these  studies,  I  would  by  Gods  assistance  i 
prosecute  that  knowledge  and  kinde  of  literature,  the  doores  , 
whereof  (after  a  sort)  were  so  happily  opened  before  me.      | 

According  to  which  my  resolution,  when,  not  long 
after,  1  was  removed  to  Christ-church  in  Oxford,  my  ; 
exercises  of  duety  first  performed,  I  fell  to  my  intended  | 
course,  and  by  degrees  read  over  whatsoever  printed  or  | 
written  discoveries  and  voyages  I  found  extant  either  in  i 
the  Greeke,  Latine,  Italian,  Spanish,  Portugall,  French,  or  ; 
English  languages,  and  in  my  publike  lectures  was  the  '■ 
first,  that  produced  and  shewed  both  the  olde  imperfectly  ■ 
composed,  and  the  new  lately  reformed  Mappes,  Globes,  ! 
Spheares,  and  other  instruments  of  this  Art  for  demonstra-  ■ 
tion  in  the  common  schooles,  to  the  singular  pleasure,  and  ! 
generall  contentment  of  my  auditory.  In  continuance  of  ] 
time,  and  by  reason  principally  of  my  insight  in  this  ! 
study,  I  grew  familiarly  acquainted  with  the  chiefest  ! 
Captaines  at  sea,  the  greatest  Merchants,  and  the  best  | 
Mariners  of  our  nation  :  by  which  meanes  having  gotten  ) 
somewhat  more  then  common  knowledge,  I  passed  at  ! 
length  the  narrow  seas  into  France  with  sir  Edward 
Stafford,  her  Majesties  carefull  and  discreet  Ligier,  where  ; 
during  my  five  yeeres  aboad  with  him  in  his  dangerous  [ 
and  chargeable  residencie  in  her  Highnes  service,^il  both  | 
heard  in  speech,  and  read  in  books  other  nations  miracu-  I 
lously  extolled  for  their  discoveries  and  notable  enterprises  < 
by  sea,  but  the  English  of  all  others  for  their  sluggish  ■ 
security,  and  continuall  neglect  of  the  like  attempts  i 
especially  in  so  long  and  happy  a  time  of  peace,  either  j 
ignominiously  reported,  or  exceedingly  condemned  :  j 
which  singular  opportunity,  if  some  other  people  our  1 
neighbors  had  beene  blessed  with,  their  protestations  are  | 
often    and    vehement,  they  would    farre   otherwise   have  I 


XVIU 


TO    SIR   FRANCIS    WALSINGHAM 


used.  And  that  the  trueth  and  evidence  heerof  may- 
better  appeare,  these  are  the  very  words  of  Popiliniere  in 
his  booke  called  L' Admiral  de  France,  and  printed  at 
Paris.  Fol.  73.  pag.  1,2.  The  occasion  of  his  speech  is 
the  commendation  of  the  Rhodians,  who  being  (as  we  are) 
Islanders,  were  excellent  in  navigation,  whereupon  he 
woondereth  much  that  the  English  should  not  surpasse  in 
that  qualitie,  in  this  sort  :  Ce  qui  m'a  fait  autresfois 
rechercher  les  occasions,  qui  empeschent,  que  les  Anglois, 
qui  ont  d'esprit,  de  moyens,  &  valeur  assez,  pour  s'aquerir 
un  grand  honneur  parmi  tous  les  Chrestiens,  ne  se  font 
plus  valoir  sur  I'element  qui  leur  est,  &  doit  estre  plus 
naturel  qu'a  autres  peuples  :  qui  leur  doivent  ceder  en  la 
structure,  accommodement  &  police  de  navires  ;  comme 
j'ay  veu  en  plusieurs  endroits  parmi  eux.  Thus  both 
hearing,  and  reading  the  obloquie  of  our  nation,  and 
finding  few  or  none  of  our  owne  men  able  to  replie 
heerin  :  and  further,  not  seeing  any  man  to  have  care  to 
recommend  to  the  world,  the  industrious  labors,  and 
painefull  travels  of  our  countrey  men  :  for  stopping  the 
mouthes  of  the  reprochers,  my  selfe  being  the  last  winter 
returned  from  France  with  the  honorable  the  Lady 
Sheffield,  for  her  passing  good  behavior  highly  esteemed 
in  all  the  French  court,  determined  notwithstanding  all 
difficulties,  to  undertake  the  burden  of  that  worke  wherin 
all  others  pretended  either  ignorance,  or  lacke  of  leasure, 
or  want  of  sufficient  argument,  whereas  (to  speake  truely) 
the  huge  toile,  and  the  small  profit  to  insue,  were  the 
chiefe  causes  of  the  refusall.  I  call  the  worke  a  burden, 
in  consideration  that  these  voyages  lay  so  dispersed,  scat- 
tered, and  hidden  in  severall  hucksters  hands,  that  I  now 
woonder  at  my  selfe,  to  see  how  I  was  able  to  endure  the 
delayes,  curiosity,  and  backwardnesse  of  many  from  whom 
I  was  to  receive  my  originals  :  so  that  I  have  just  cause  to 
make  that  complaint  of  the  maliciousnes  of  divers  in  our 
time,  which  Plinie  made  of  the  men  of  his  age  :  At  nos 
elaborata  iis  abscondere  atque  supprimere  cupimus,  & 
fraudare  vitam  etiam  alienis  bonis,  &c. 


Plinius.  lib. 
2  5 .  cap.  I . 
Naturalis 

histor'ice. 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

To  harpe  no  longer  upon  this  string,  &  to  speake  a 
word  of  that  just  commendation  which  our  nation  doe 
indeed  deserve  :  it  can  not  be  denied,  but  as  in  all  former 
ages,  they  have  bene  men  full  of  activity,  stirrers  abroad, 
and  searchers  of  the  remote  parts  of  the  world,  so  in  this 
most  famous  and  peerlesse  governement  of  her  most 
excellent  Majesty,  her  subjects  through  the  speciall 
assistance,  and  blessing  of  God,  in  searching  the  most 
opposite  corners  and  quarters  of  the  world,  and  to  speake 
plainly,  in  compassing  the  vaste  globe  of  the  earth  more 
then  once,  have  excelled  all  the  nations  and  people  of  the 
earth.  For,  which  of  the  kings  of  this  land  before  her 
Majesty,  had  theyr  banners  ever  scene  in  the  Caspian  sea? 
which  of  them  hath  ever  dealt  with  the  Emperor  of 
Persia,  as  her  Majesty  hath  done,  and  obteined  for  her 
merchants  large  &  loving  privileges  ?  who  ever  saw  before 
this  regiment,  an  English  Ligier  in  the  stately  porch  of 
the  Grand  Signor  at  Constantinople  ?  who  ever  found 
English  Consuls  &  Agents  at  Tripolis  in  Syria,  at  Aleppo, 
at  Babylon,  at  Balsara,  and  which  is  more,  who  ever  heard 
of  Englishman  at  Goa  before  now  ?  what  English  shippes 
did  heeretofore  ever  anker  in  the  mighty  river  of  Plate  ? 
passe  and  repasse  the  unpassable  (in  former  opinion) 
straight  of  Magellan,  range  along  the  coast  of  Chili,  Peru, 
and  all  the  backside  of  Nova  Hispania,  further  then  any 
Christian  ever  passed,  travers  the  mighty  bredth  of  the 
South  sea,  land  upon  the  Luzones  in  despight  of  the 
enemy,  enter  into  alliance,  amity,  and  traffike  with 
the  princes  of  the  Moluccaes,  &  the  Isle  of  Java,  double 
the  famous  Cape  of  Bona  Speranza,  arive  at  the  Isle  of 
Santa  Helena,  &  last  of  al  returne  home  most  richly 
laden  with  the  commodities  of  China,  as  the  subjects  of 
this  now  florishing  monarchy  have  done  ? 

Lucius  Florus  in  the  very  end  of  his  historic  de  gestis 
Romanorum  recordeth  as  a  wonderfull  miracle,  that  the 
Seres,  (which  I  take  to  be  the  people  of  Cathay,  or  China) 
sent  Ambassadors  to  Rome,  to  intreate  frindship,  as 
moved    with    the    fame   of  the   majesty  of  the    Romane 

XX 


TO    SIR   FRANCIS   WALSINGHAM 

Empire.     And  have  not  we  as  good  cause  to  admire,  that 

the  Kings  of  the  Moluccaes,  and  Java  major,  have  desired 

the  favour  of  her  majestie,  and  the  commerce  &  traffike 

of  her    people  ?      Is    it    not    as    strange    that    the    borne 

naturalles  of  Japan,  and  the  Philippinaes  are  here  to  be 

seene,  agreeing  with  our  climate,  speaking  our  language, 

and  informing  us  of  the  state  of  their  Easterne  habitations  ? 

For  mine  owne  part,  I  take  it  as  a  pledge  of  Gods  further 

favour  both  unto  us  and  them  :   to  them  especially,  unto 

whose  doores  I  doubt  not  in  time  shalbe  by  us  caried  the 

incomparable  treasure  of  the  trueth  of  Christianity,  and  of 

the  Gospell,  while  we  use  and  exercise  common  trade  with 

their   marchants.     I    must  confesse   to  have  read   in   the 

excellent  history  intituled  Origines  of  Joannes  Goropius, 

a  testimonie  of  king  Henrie  the  viii.  a  prince  of  noble 

memory,    whose    intention    was    once,   if  death   had   not 

prevented  him,  to  have  done  some  singular  thing  in  this 

case  :  whose  words  speaking  of  his  dealing  to  that  end 

with  himselfe,  he  being  a  stranger,   &  his   history   rare, 

I  thought  good  in  this  place  verbatim  to  record  :  Ante  Joannis^ 

viginti    &   plus   eo   annos   ab  Henrico  Knevetto  Equite  ^^^°P^^ 

Anglo    nomine    Regis    Henrici    arram    accepi,    qua    con-  q^-i^^^^j^  hjj^ 

venerat,  Regio  sumptu  me  totam  Asiam,  quoad  Turcorum   -^.pag.  494. 

&   Persarum  Regum   commendationes,  &  legationes  ad- 

mitterentur,   peragraturum.     Ab   his  enim   duobus   Asiae 

principibus  facile  se  impetraturum  sperabat,  ut  non  solum 

tuto    mihi    per    ipsorum    fines    liceret    ire,    sed    ut  com- 

mendatione    etiam   ipsorum   ad  confinia    quoque   daretur 

penetrare.     Sumptus  quidem    non   exiguus  erat  futurus, 

sed    tanta    erat    principi    cognoscendi    aviditas,    ut    nullis 

pecuniis  ad  hoc  iter  necessariis  se  diceret  parsurum.     O 

Dignum    Regia   Maj estate    animum,   O    me    foelicem,    si 

Deus    non    ante    &    Knevettum    &    Regem    abstulisset, 

quam   reversus  ab  hac  peregrinatione  fuissem,   &c.     But 

as  the  purpose  of  David  the  king  to  builde  a  house  and 

temple  to  God  was  accepted,  although  Salomon  performed 

it  :    so   I   make   no   question,   but  that  the  zeale   in   this 

matter  of  the  aforesaid  most  renowmed  prince  may  seeme 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 


Plutarch  in 
the  life  of 
Tkemistodcs. 


no  lesse  worthy  (in  his  kinde)  of  acceptation,  although 
reserved  for  the  person  of  our  Salomon  her  gratious 
Majesty,  whome  I  feare  not  to  pronounce  to  have  re- 
ceived the  same  Heroicall  spirit,  and  most  honorable 
disposition,  as  an  inheritance  from  her  famous  father. 

Now  wheras  I  have  alwayes  noted  your  wisdome  to 
have  had  a  speciall  care  of  the  honor  of  her  Majesty,  the 
good  reputation  of  our  country,  &  the  advancing  of 
navigation,  the  very  walles  of  this  our  Island,  as  the  oracle 
is  reported  to  have  spoken  of  the  sea  forces  of  Athens  : 
and  whereas  I  acknowledge  in  all  dutifull  sort  how 
honorably  both  by  your  letter  and  speech  I  have  bene 
animated  in  this  and  other  my  travels,  I  see  my  selfe 
bound  to  make  presentment  of  this  worke  to  your  selfe, 
as  the  fruits  of  your  owne  incouragements,  &  the 
manifestation  both  of  my  unfained  service  to  my  prince 
and  country,  and  of  my  particular  duty  to  your  honour  : 
which  I  have  done  with  the  lesse  suspition  either  of  not 
satisfying  the  world,  or  of  not  answering  your  owne 
expectation,  in  that  according  to  your  order,  it  hath 
passed  the  sight,  and  partly  also  the  censure  of  the 
learned  phisitian  M.  Doctor  James,  a  man  many  wayes 
very  notably  qualified. 

And  thus  beseeching  God,  the  giver  of  all  true  honor 
&  wisdome  to  increase  both  these  blessings  in  you,  with 
continuance  of  health,  strength,  happinesse,  and  whatso- 
ever good  thing  els  your  selfe  can  wish,  I  humbly  take 
my  leave.     London  the  1 7  of  November. 

Your  honors  most  humble  alwayes  to  be 
commanded  Richard  Hakluyt. 


THE   PREFJCE    TO    THE    FIRST  EDITION. 


Richard   Hakluyt  to  the  favourable    Reader. 


Have  thought  it  very  requisite  for  thy 
further  instruction  and  direction  in  this 
historie  (Good  Reader)  to  acquaint  thee 
brieflie  with  the  Methode  and  order  which 
I  have  used  in  the  whole  course  thereof : 
and  by  the  way  also  to  let  thee  under- 
stand by  whose  friendly  aide  in  this  my 
travell  I  have  bene  furthered  :  acknowledging  that  ancient 
speach  to  be  no  lesse  true  then  ingenious,  that  the  offence 
is  great,  Non  agnoscere  per  quos  profeceris,  not  to  speake 
of  them  by  whom  a  man  in  his  indevours  is  assisted. 

Concerning  my  proceeding  therefore  in  this  present 
worke,  it  hath  bene  this.  Whatsoever  testimonie  I  have 
found  in  any  authour  of  authoritie  appertaining  to  my 
argument,  either  stranger  or  naturall,  I  have  recorded 
the  same  word  for  word,  with  his  particular  name  and 
page  of  booke  where  it  is  extant.  If  the  same  were 
not  reduced  into  our  common  language,  I  have  first 
expressed  it  in  the  same  termes  wherein  it  is  originally 
written,  whether  it  were  a  Latine,  Italian,  Spanish  or 
Portingall  discourse,  or  whatsoever  els,  and  thereunto  in 
the  next  roome  have  annexed  the  signification  and  trans- 
lation of  the  wordes  in  English.  And  to  the  ende  that 
those  men  which  were  the  paynefull  and  personall 
travellers  might  reape  that  good  opinion  and  just  com- 
mendation which  they  have  deserved,  and  further,  that 
every  man  might  answere  for  himselfe,  justifie  his  reports, 


RICHARD   HAKLUYT 

and  stand  accountable  for  his  owne  doings,  I  have  referred 
every  voyage  to  his  Author,  which  both  in  person  hath 
performed,  and  in  writing  hath  left  the  same  :  for  I  am 
not  ignorant  of  Ptolomies  assertion,  that  Peregrinationis 
historia,  and  not  those  wearie  volumes  bearing  the  titles 
of  universall  Cosmographie  which  some  men  that  I  could 
name  have  published  as  their  owne,  beyng  in  deed 
most  untruly  and  unprofitablie  ramassed  and  hurled 
together,  is  that  which  must  bring  us  to  the  certayne 
and  full  discoverie  of  the  world. 

Moreover,  I  meddle  in  this  worke  with  the  Naviga- 
tions onely  of  our  owne  nation  :  And  albeit  I  alleage 
in  a  few  places  (as  the  matter  and  occasion  required)  some 
strangers  as  witnesses  of  the  things  done,  yet  are  they  none 
but  such  as  either  faythfully  remember,  or  sufficiently  con- 
iirme  the  travels  of  our  owne  people :  of  whom  (to  speake 
trueth)  I  have  received  more  light  in  some  respects,  then 
all  our  owne  Historians  could  affoord  me  in  this  case, 
Bale,  Foxe,  and  Eden  onely  excepted. 

And  it  is  a  thing  withall  principally  to  be  considered, 
that  I  stand  not  upon  any  action  perfourmed  neere  home, 
nor  in  any  part  of  Europe  commonly  frequented  by 
our  shipping,  as  for  example  :  Not  upon  that  victorious 
exploit  not  long  since  atchieved  in  our  narow  Seas  agaynst 
that  monstrous  Spanish  army  under  the  valiant  and 
provident  conduct  of  the  right  honourable  the  lord 
Charles  Howard  high  Admirall  of  England  :  Not  upon 
the  good  services  of  our  two  woorthie  Generals  in  their 
late  Portugall  expedition  :  Not  upon  the  two  most 
fortunate  attempts  of  our  famous  Chieftaine  Sir  Frauncis 
Drake,  the  one  in  the  Baie  of  Cales  upon  a  great  part  of 
the  enimies  chiefest  shippes,  the  other  neere  the  Islands 
upon  the  great  Carrack  of  the  East  India,  the  first 
(though  peradventure  not  the  last)  of  that  imployment, 
that  ever  discharged  Molucca  spices  in  English  portes  : 
these  (albeit  singular  and  happy  voyages  of  our  re- 
nowmed  countrymen)  I  omit,  as  things  distinct  and 
without    the   compasse    of  my  prescribed  limites,   beyng 


<0 


H^ 


-5  y  J.a"  •  ■iiJi'iA 


I4ili 
lull 


HZ 


llliJi 

mil? 


C   n    .-  e  (o 
c-S   iS-S   iT^ 


■^     C    >^  «     O      =     tJ 


gJ   R   S^E^   o 
Z-a  SM  '*'"^  §^ 

1 1  Z  2  |;-S,  g-> 
"  —  '^  .£  ."^'S  b  -§ 

J  e  Sb-S  J3  -S  G  o 


TO   THE   FAVOURABLE   READER 

neither  of  remote  length  and  spaciousnesse,  neither 
of  search  and  discoverie  of  strange  coasts,  the  chiefe 
subject  of  this  my  labour. 

Thus  much  in  brevitie  shall  serve  thee  for  the  generall 
order.  Particularlie  I  have  disposed  and  digested  the 
whole  worke  into  3.  partes,  or  as  it  were  Classes,  not 
without  my  reasons.  In  the  first  I  have  martialled  all 
our  voyages  of  any  moment  that  have  bene  performed 
to  the  South  and  Southeast  parts  of  the  world,  by  which  I 
chiefly  meane  that  part  of  Asia  which  is  neerest,  and  of 
the  rest  hithermost  towards  us  :  For  I  find  that  the  oldest 
travels  as  well  of  the  ancient  Britains,  as  of  the  English, 
were  ordinarie  to  Judea  which  is  in  Asia,  termed  by  them 
the  Holy  land,  principally  for  devotions  sake  according  to 
the  time,  although  I  read  in  Joseph  Bengorion  a  very 
authenticall  Hebrew  author,  a  testimonie  of  the  passing  of 
20000.  Britains  valiant  souldiours,  to  the  siege  and  feare- 
full  sacking  of  Jerusalem  under  the  conduct  of  Vespasian 
and  Titus  the  Romane  Emperour,  a  thing  in  deed  of  all 
the  rest  most  ancient.  But  of  latter  dayes  I  see  our  men 
have  pierced  further  into  the  East,  have  passed  downe  the 
mightie  river  Euphrates,  have  sayled  from  Balsara  through 
the  Persian  gulfe  to  the  Citie  of  Ormuz,  and  from  thence 
to  Chaul  and  Goa  in  the  East  India,  which  passages 
written  by  the  parties  themselves  are  herein  to  be  read. 
To  these  I  have  added  the  Navigations  of  the  English 
made  for  the  parts  of  Africa,  and  either  within  or  without 
the  streights  of  Gibraltar :  within,  to  Constantinople  in 
Romania,  to  Alexandria,  and  Cayro  in  Egypt,  to  Tunez, 
to  Goletta,  to  Malta,  to  Algier,  and  to  Tripolis  in  Bar- 
bary:  without,  to  Santa  Cruz,  to  Asafi,  to  the  Citie  of 
Marocco,  to  the  River  of  Senega,  to  the  Isles  of  Cape 
Verde,  to  Guinea,  to  Benyn,  and  round  about  the  dread- 
full  Cape  of  Bona  Speranza,  as  far  as  Goa. 

The  north,  and  Northeasterne  voyages  of  our  nation  I 
have  produced  in  the  second  place,  because  our  accesse  to 
those  quarters  of  the  world  is  later  and  not  so  auncient  as 
the  former :  and  yet  some  of  our  travailes  that  way  be  of 


RICHARD   HAKLUYT 

more  antiquitie  by  many  hundred  yeeres,  then  those  that 
have  bene  made  to  the  westerne  coastes  of  America. 
Under  this  title  thou  shalt  first  finde  the  old  northerne 
Navigations  of  our  Brittish  Kings,  as  of  Arthur,  of  Malgo, 
of  Edgar  Pacificus  the  Saxon  Monarch,  with  that  also  of 
Nicholaus  de  Linna  under  the  north  pole :  next  to  them 
in  consequence,  the  discoveries  of  the  bay  of  Saint 
Nicholas,  of  Colgoieve,  of  Pechora,  of  the  Isles  of  Vaigats, 
of  Nova  Zembla,  and  of  the  Sea  eastwards  towardes  the 
river  of  Ob  :  after  this,  the  opening  by  sea  of  the  great 
Dukedome,  and  Empire  of  Russia,  with  the  notable  and 
strange  journey  of  Master  Jenkinson  to  Boghar  in  Bactria. 
Whereunto  thou  maist  adde  sixe  of  our  voyages  eleven 
hundred  verstes  up  against  the  streame  of  Dwina  to  the 
towne  of  Vologhda :  thence  one  hundred,  and  fourescore 
verstes  by  land  to  Yeraslave  standing  upon  the  mighty 
river  of  Volga :  there  hence  above  two  thousand  and  five 
hundred  versts  downe  the  streame  to  the  ancient  marte 
Towne  of  Astracan,  and  so  to  the  manifolde  mouthes  of 
Volga,  and  from  thence  also  by  ship  over  the  Caspian  sea 
into  Media,  and  further  then  that  also  with  Camels  unto 
Georgia,  Armenia,  Hyrcania,  Gillan,  and  the  cheefest 
Cities  of  the  Empire  of  Persia :  wherein  the  Companie  of 
Moscovie  Marchants  to  the  perpetuall  honor  of  their 
Citie,  and  societie,  have  performed  more  then  any  one, 
yea  then  all  the  nations  of  Europe  besides :  which  thing 
is  also  acknowledged  by  the  most  learned  Cosmographers, 
and  Historiographers  of  Christendome,  with  whose  honor- 
able testimonies  of  the  action,  not  many  for  number,  but 
sufficient  for  authoritie  I  have  concluded  this  second  part. 
Touching  the  westerne  Navigations,  and  travailes  of 
ours,  they  succeede  naturallie  in  the  third  and  last  roome, 
forasmuch  as  in  order  and  course  those  coastes,  and 
quarters  came  last  of  all  to  our  knowledge  and  experience. 
Herein  thou  shalt  reade  the  attempt  by  Sea  of  the  sonne 
of  one  of  the  Princes  of  Northwales,  in  sayling  and 
searching  towards  the  west  more  then  400.  yeeres  since : 
the  offer  made  by  Christopher  Columbus  that  renowned 


Fabian. 


TO   THE   FAVOURABLE   READER 

Genouoys  to  the  most  sage  Prince  of  noble  memorle 
King  Henrie  the  7.  with  his  prompt  and  cheerefull 
acceptation  thereof,  and  the  occasion  whereupon  it  became 
fruitlesse,  and  at  that  time  of  no  great  effect  to  this  king- 
dome  :  then  followe  the  letters  Patentes  of  the  foresaid 
noble  Prince  given  to  John  Cabot  a  Venetian  and  his  3. 
sonnes,  to  discover  &  conquer  in  his  name,  and  under 
his  Banners  unknowen  Regions :  who  with  that  royall 
incouragement  &  contribution  of  the  king  himselfe,  and 
some  assistance  in  charges  of  English  Marchants  departed 
II  with  5.  sailes  from  the  Port  of  Bristoll  accompained  with  Robert 
300.  Englishmen,  and  first  of  any  Christians  found  out 
that  mightie  and  large  tract  of  lande  and  Sea,  from  the 
circle  Arcticke  as  farre  as  Florida,  as  appeareth  in  the  dis- 
course thereof.  The  triumphant  raigne  of  King  Henry 
the  8.  yelded  some  prosecution  of  this  discoverie  :  for  the 
3.  voyages  performed,  and  the  4.  intended  for  all  Asia  by 
his  Majesties  selfe,  do  approove  and  confirme  the  same. 
Then  in  processe  of  yeeres  ariseth  the  first  English  trade 
to  Brasill,  the  first  passing  of  some  of  our  nation  in  the 
ordinarie  Spanish  fleetes  to  the  west  Indies,  and  the 
huge  Citie  of  Mexico  in  Nova  Hispania.  Then  im- 
mediatlye  ensue  3.  voyages  made  by  M.  John  Hawkins 
now  Knight,  then  Esquire,  to  Hispaniola,  and  the  gulfe 
of  Mexico :  upon  which  depende  sixe  verie  excellent 
discourses  of  our  men,  whereof  some  for  15.  or  16. 
whole  yeeres  inhabited  in  New  Spaine,  and  ranged  the 
whole  Countrie,  wherein  are  disclosed  the  cheefest 
secretes  of  the  west  India,  which  may  in  time  turne  to 
our  no  smal  advantage.  The  next  leaves  thou  turnest,  do 
yeelde  thee  the  first  valiant  enterprise  of  Sir  Francis 
Drake  upon  Nombre  de  Dios,  the  mules  laden  with 
treasure  which  he  surprised,  and  the  house  called  the 
Cruzes,  which  his  fire  consumed :  and  therewith  is 
joyned  an  action  more  venterous  then  happie  of  John 
Oxnam  of  Plimmouth  written,  and  confessed  by  a  Span- 
yard,  which  with  his  companie  passed  over  the  streight 
Istme  of  Darien,  and  building  certaine  pinnesses  on  the 


RICHARD   HAKLUYT 

west  shoare,  was  the  first  Englishman  that  entered  the 
South  sea.  To  passe  over  Master  Frobisher  and  his 
actions,  which  1  have  also  newly  though  briefely  printed, 
and  as  it  were  revived,  whatsoever  Master  John  Davis 
hath  performed  in  continuing  that  discovery,  which 
Master  Frobisher  began  for  the  northwest  passage,  I  have 
faithfully  at  large  communicated  it  with  thee,  that  so  the 
great  good  hope,  &  singular  probabilities  &  almost  cer- 
taintie  therof,  which  by  his  industry  have  risen,  may  be 
knowen  generally  of  all  men,  that  some  may  yet  still 
prosecute  so  noble  an  action.  Sir  Humfrey  Gilbert,  that 
couragious  Knight,  and  very  expert  in  the  mysteries  of 
Navigation  amongst  the  rest  is  not  forgotten :  his  learned 
reasons  &  arguments  for  the  proofe  of  the  passage  before 
named,  together  with  his  last  more  commendable  resolu- 
tion then  fortunate  successe,  are  here  both  to  be  read. 
The  continuance  of  the  historic,  produceth  the  beginnings, 
and  proceedings  of  the  two  English  Colonies  planted  in 
Virginia  at  the  charges  of  sir  Walter  Raleigh,  whose 
entrance  upon  those  newe  inhabitations  had  bene  happie,  if 
it  had  ben  as  seruiously  followed,  as  it  was  cheerefully  un- 
dertaken. I  could  not  omit  in  this  parte  the  two  voyages 
made  not  long  since  to  the  Southwest,  whereof  I  thinke  the 
Spanyard  hath  had  some  knowledge,  and  felt  some  blowes  : 
the  one  of  Master  Edward  Fenton,  and  his  consort  Master 
Luke  Warde  :  the  other  of  Master  Robert  Withrington, 
and  his  hardie  consort  Master  Christopher  Lister  as  farre 
as  44.  degrees  of  southerly  latitude,  set  out  at  the  direction 
and  charge  of  the  right  honorable  the  Earle  of  Cumber- 
land, both  which  in  divers  respectes  may  yelde  both  profite 
and  pleasure  to  the  reader,  being  carefully  perused. 

For  the  conclusion  of  all,  the  memorable  voyage  of 
Master  Thomas  Candish  into  the  South  sea,  and  from 
thence  about  the  globe  of  the  earth  doth  satisfie  mee,  and 
I  doubt  not  but  will  fully  content  thee :  which  as  in  time 
it  is  later  then  that  of  Sir  Frauncis  Drake,  so  in  relation  of 
the  Philippinaes,  Japan,  China,  and  the  Isle  of  S.  Helena 
it  is  more  particular,  and  exact :  and  therfore  the  want  of 

xxviii 


TO   THE   FAVOURABLE    READER 

the  first  made  by  Sir  Frauncis  Drake  will  be  the  lesse : 
wherein  I  must  confesse  to  have  taken  more  then  ordin- 
arie  paines,  meaning  to  have  inserted  it  in  this  worke : 
but  being  of  late  (contrary  to  my  expectation)  seriously 
delt  withall,  not  to  anticipate  or  prevent  another  mans 
paines  and  charge  in  drawing  all  the  services  of  that 
worthie  Knight  into  one  volume,  I  have  yeelded  unto 
those  my  freindes  which  pressed  me  in  the  matter,  refer- 
ring the  further  knowledge  of  his  proceedinges,  to  those 
intended  discourses. 

Now  for  the  other  part  of  my  promise,  I  must  crave 
thy  further  patience  frendly  reader,  and  some  longer 
suspence  from  the  worke  it  selfe,  in  acquainting  thee  with 
those  vertuous  gentlemen,  and  others  which  partly  for 
their  private  affection  to  my  selfe,  but  chiefely  for  their 
devotion  to  the  furtherance  of  this  my  travaile,  have 
yelded  me  their  severall  good  assistances :  for  I  accompt 
him  unworthy  of  future  favours,  that  is  not  thankefull  for 
former  benefites.  In  respect  of  a  generall  incouragement 
in  this  laborious  travaile,  it  were  grosse  ingratitude  in  mee 
to  forget,  and  wilfull  maliciousnes  not  to  confesse  that 
man,  whose  onely  name  doth  carrie  with  it  sufficient 
estimation  and  love,  and  that  is  Master  Edward  Dier,  of 
whom  I  will  speake  thus  much  in  few  wordes,  that  both 
my  selfe  and  my  intentions  herein  by  his  frendly  meanes 
have  bene  made  knowne  to  those,  who  in  sundrie  par- 
ticulars have  much  steeded  me.  More  specially  in  my 
first  part.  Master  Richard  Staper  Marchant  of  London, 
hath  furnished  me  with  divers  thinges  touching  the  trade 
of  Turkie,  and  other  places  in  the  East.  Master  William 
Burro wgh,  Clarke  of  her  Majesties  navie,  and  Master 
Anthonie  Jenkinson,  both  gentlemen  of  great  experience, 
and  observations  in  the  north  Regions,  have  much 
pleasured  me  in  the  second  part.  In  the  third  and  last 
besides  myne  owne  extreeme  travaile  in  the  histories  of 
the  Spanyards,  my  cheefest  light  hath  bene  received  from 
Sir  John  Hawkins,  Sir  Walter  Raleigh,  and  my  kinseman 
Master  Richard  Hakluyt  of  the  middle  Temple. 


RICHARD   HAKLUYT 

And  whereas  in  the  course  of  this  history  often 
mention  is  made  of  many  beastes,  birds,  fishes,  serpents, 
plants,  fruits,  hearbes,  rootes,  apparell,  armour,  boates, 
and  such  other  rare  and  strange  curiosities,  which  wise 
men  take  great  pleasure  to  reade  of,  but  much  more 
contentment  to  see :  herein  1  my  selfe  to  my  singuler 
delight  have  bene  as  it  were  ravished  in  beholding 
all  the  premisses  gathered  together  with  no  small  cost, 
and  preserved  with  no  litle  diligence,  in  the  excellent 
Cabinets  of  my  very  worshipfull  and  learned  friends 
M.  Richard  Garthe,  one  of  the  Clearkes  of  the  pettie 
Bags,  and  M.  William  Cope  Gentleman  Ussier  to  the 
right  Honourable  and  most  prudent  Counseller  (the 
Seneca  of  our  common  wealth,)  the  Lord  Burleigh,  high 
Treasourer  of  England. 

Nowe,  because  peradventure  it  would  bee  expected 
as  necessarie,  that  the  descriptions  of  so  many  parts  of 
the  world  would  farre  more  easily  be  conceived  of  the 
Readers,  by  adding  Geographicall,  and  Hydrographicail 
tables  thereunto,  thou  art  by  the  way  to  be  admonished 
that  I  have  contented  my  selfe  with  inserting  into  the 
worke  one  of  the  best  generall  mappes  of  the  world 
onely,  untill  the  comming  out  of  a  very  large  and  most 
The  excellent  exact  terrestriall  Globe,  collected  and  reformed  according 
nezve^  Globe  of  to  the  newest,  secretest,  and  latest  discoveries,  both 
Spanish,  Portugall,  and  English,  composed  by  M. 
Emmerie  MoUineux  of  Lambeth,  a  rare  Gentleman  in 
his  profession,  being  therein  for  divers  yeeres,  greatly 
supported  by  the  purse  and  liberalitie  of  the  worshipfull 
marchant  M.  William  Sanderson. 

This  being  the  summe  of  those  things  which  I  thought 

good  to  admonish  thee  of  (good  Reader)  it  remaineth  that 

thou  take  the  profite  and  pleasure  of  the  worke :  which 

I  wish  to  bee  as  great  to  thee,  as  my  paines  and  labour 

have  bene  in  bringing  these  rawe  fruits  unto 

this  ripenesse,  and  in  reducing  these 

loose  papers  into  this  order. 

Farewell. 


M.  Mulli- 
neux 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE   IN    THE   FIRST  VOLUME 
OF   THE   SECOND   EDITION,    1598. 

To  the  right  honorable  my  singular  good  Lord,  the 
Lord  Charles  Howard,  Erie  of  Notingham, 
Baron  of  Effingham,  Knight  of  the  noble 
Order  of  the  Garter,  Lord  high  Admirall  of 
England,  Ireland,  and  Wales,  &c.  one  of  her 
Majesties  most  honourable  privie  Counsell. 

Ight  Honourable  and  my  very  good  Lord, 
after  I  had  long  since  published  in  Print 
many  Navigations  and  Discoveries  of 
Strangers  in  divers  languages,  as  well 
here  at  London,  as  in  the  citie  of  Paris, 
duruig  my  five  yeeres  abode  in  France, 
with  the  woorthie  Knight  Sir  Edward 
Stafford  your  brother  in  lawe,  her  Majesties  most  prudent 
and  carefull  Ambassador  ligier  with  the  French  King : 
and  had  waded  on  still  farther  and  farther  in  the  sweet 
studie  of  the  historie  of  Cosmographie,  I  began  at  length 
to  conceive,  that  with  diligent  observation,  some  thing 
might  be  gathered  which  might  commend  our  nation 
for  their  high  courage  and  singular  activitie  in  the  Search 
and  Discoverie  of  the  most  unknowen  quarters  of  the 
world.  Howbeit,  seeing  no  man  to  step  forth  to  under- 
take the  recording  of  so  many  memorable  actions,  but 
every  man  to  folow  his  private  affaires  :  the  ardent  love 
of  my  countrey  devoured  all  difficulties,  and  as  it  were 
with  a  sharpe  goad  provoked  me  and  thrust  me  forward 
into  this  most  troublesome  and  painfull  action.  And 
after  great  charges  and  infinite  cares,  after  many  watchings. 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

toiles,  and  travels,  and  wearying  out  of  my  weake  body; 
at  length  I  have  collected  three  severall  Volumes  of 
the  English  Navigations,  Traffiques,  and  Discoveries, 
to  strange,  remote,  and  farre  distant  countreys.  Which 
worke  of  mine  I  have  not  included  within  the  compasse 
of  things  onely  done  in  these  latter  dayes,  as  though 
litle  or  nothing  woorthie  of  memorie  had  bene  performed 
in  former  ages ;  but  mounting  aloft  by  the  space  of 
many  hundred  yeeres,  have  brought  to  light  many  very 
rare  and  worthy  monuments,  which  long  have  lien 
miserably  scattered  in  mustie  corners,  &  retchlesly 
hidden  in  mistie  darkenesse,  and  were  very  like  for  the 
greatest  part  to  have  bene  buried  in  perpetuall  oblivion. 
The  first  Volume  of  this  worke  I  have  thus  for  the 
present  brought  to  light,  reserving  the  other  two  untill 
the  next  Spring,  when  by  Gods  grace  they  shall  come 
to  the  Presse.  In  the  meane  season  bethinking  my 
selfe  of  some  munificent  and  bountifull  Patrone,  I  called 
to  mind  your  honorable  Lordship,  who  both  in  regard 
of  my  particular  obligation,  and  also  in  respect  of  the 
subject  and  matter,  might  justly  chalenge  the  Patronage 
thereof.  For  first  I  remembred  how  much  I  was  bound, 
and  how  deeply  indebted  for  my  yongest  brother 
Edmund  Hackluyt,  to  whom  for  the  space  of  foure 
whole  yeeres  your  Lordship  committed  the  government 
and  instruction  of  that  honorable  yong  noble  man, 
your  Sonne  &  heire  apparant,  the  lord  William 
Howard,  of  whose  high  spirit  and  wonderful  toward- 
linesse  full  many  a  time  hath  he  boasted  unto  me. 
Secondly,  the  bounden  duetie  which  I  owe  to  your 
most  deare  sister  the  lady  Sheffield,  my  singular  good 
lady  &  honorable  mistresse,  admonished  me  to  be  mind- 
full  of  the  renoumed  familie  of  the  Howards.  Thirdly, 
when  I  found  in  the  first  Patent  graunted  by  Queene 
Marie  to  the  Moscovie  companie,  that  my  lord  your 
father  being  then  lord  high  Admirall  of  England,  was 
one  of  the  first  favourers  and  furtherers,  with  his 
purse   and   countenance,   of  the   strange   and   wonderfull 

xxxii 


TO   LORD    CHARLES    HOWARD 

Discoverie  of  Russia,  the  chiefe  contents  of  this  present 
Volume,  then  I  remembred  the  sage  saying  of  sweet 
Isocrates,  That  sonnes  ought  not  onely  to  be  inheriters 
of  their  fathers  substance,  but  also  of  their  commendable 
vertues  and  honours.  But  what  speake  I  of  your 
ancestors  honors  (which  to  say  the  trueth,  are  very 
great,  and  such  as  our  Chronicles  have  notably  blazoned) 
when  as  your  owne  Heroicall  actions  from  time  to  time 
have  shewed  themselves  so  admirable,  as  no  antiquitie 
hath  afFoorded  greater,  and  the  future  times  will  not 
in  haste  (I  thinke)  performe  the  like.  To  come  to 
some  particulars,  when  the  Emperors  sister,  the  spouse 
of  Spaine,  with  a  Fleete  of  an  130.  sailes,  stoutly  and 
proudly  passed  the  narow  Seas,  your  Lordship  accom- 
panied with  ten  ships  onely  of  her  Majesties  Navie 
Roiall,  environed  their  Fleet  in  most  strange  and 
warrelike  sort,  enforced  them  to  stoope  gallant,  and 
to  vaile  their  bonets  for  the  Queene  of  England,  and 
made  them  perfectly  to  understand  that  olde  speach 
of  the  prince  of  Poets ; 

Non  illi  imperium  pelagi   saevumque  tridentem, 
sed  tibi  sorte  datum. 

Yet  after  they  had  acknowledged  their  dutie,  your 
lordship  on  her  Majesties  behalfe  conducted  her  safely 
through  our  English  chanell,  and  performed  all  good 
offices  of  honor  and  humanitie  to  that  forren  Princesse. 
At  that  time  all  England  beholding  your  most  honorable 
cariage  of  your  selfe  in  that  so  weightie  service,  began 
to  cast  an  extraordinarie  eie  upon  your  lordship,  and 
deeply  to  conceive  that  singular  hope  which  since  by 
your  most  worthie  &  wonderfull  service,  your  L  hath 
more  then  fully  satisfied.  I  meane  (among  others)  that 
glorious,  triumphant,  and  thrise-happy  victory  atchieved 
against  that  huge  and  haultie  Spanish  Armada  (which 
is  notably  described  in  the  ende  of  this  volume)  wherein 
being  chiefe  and  sole  Commander  under  her  sacred  and 
roiall     Majestie,    your    noble    government    and    worthy 

1  xxxiii  c 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

behavior,  your  high  wisedom,  discretion  and  happinesse, 
accompanied  with  the  heavenly  blessing  of  the  Almightie, 
are    shewed    most    evidently  to   have    bene    such,    as  all 
posteritie  and  succeeding  ages  shall   never  cease  to  sing 
and  resound  your  infinite  prayse  and  eternall  commenda- 
tions.       As    for     the    late     renoumed     expedition    and 
honorable    voyage    unto   Cadiz,  the  vanquishing  of  part 
of  the   king  of  Spaines  Armada,  the  destruction  of  the 
rich  West  Indian  Fleete,  the  chasing  of  so   many  brave 
and    gallant    Gallies,    the    miraculous    winning,    sacking, 
and  burning  of  that  almost  impregnable  citie  of  Cadiz,  the   j 
surprising    of  the   towne   of  Faraon   upon  the  coast   of  ! 
Portugal,  and  other  rare  appendances  of  that  enterprise,    | 
because  they  be   hereafter  so  judicially  set  downe,  by  a    ' 
very  grave  and    learned   Gentleman,  which  was    an    eye   I 
witnesse  in  all  that  action,  I  referre  your  good  L.  to  his 
faithfull  report,  wherein  I  trust  (as  much  as  in  him  lay) 
he  hath  wittingly  deprived  no  man  of  his  right.     Upon    : 
these  and  other  the  like  considerations,  I   thought  it  fit   ; 
and  very  convenient  to  commend  with  all  humilitie  and   j 
reverence  this  first  part  of  our  English  Voiages  &  Dis-   | 
coveries    unto    your     Honors     favourable    censure    and    i 
patronage.  ; 

And  here  by  the  way  most  humbly  craving  pardon,  and  , 
alwayes  submitting  my  poore  opinion  to  your  Lordships  I 
most  deep  and  percing  insight,  especially  in  this  matter,  as 
being  the  father  and  principall  favourer  of  the  English 
Navigation,  I  trust  it  shall  not  be  impertinent  in  passing 
by,  to  point  at  the  meanes  of  breeding  up  of  skilful! 
Sea-men  and  Mariners  in  this  Realme.  Sithence  your 
Lordship  is  not  ignorant,  that  ships  are  to  litle  purpose 
without  skilfull  Sea-men ;  and  since  Sea-men  are  not  bred 
up  to  perfection  of  skill  in  much  lesse  time  (as  it  is  said) 
then  in  the  time  of  two  prentiships ;  and  since  no  kinde 
of  men  of  any  profession  in  the  common  wealth  passe 
their  yeres  in  so  great  and  continual!  hazard  of  life  ;  and 
since  of  so  many,  so  few  grow  to  gray  heires :  how 
needfull    it   is,   that   by  way  of  Lectures  and  such  like 


TO    LORD    CHARLES    HOWARD 

instructions,  these  ought  to  have  a  better  education,  then 
hitherto  they  have  had ;  all  wise  men  may  easily  judge. 
When  I  call  to  minde,  how  many  noble  ships  have  bene 
lost,  how  many  worthy  persons  have  bene  drenched  in  the 
sea,  and  how  greatly  this  Realme  hath  bene  impoverished 
by  losse  of  great  Ordinance  and  other  rich  commodities 
through  the  ignorance  of  our  Sea-men,  I  have  greatly 
wished  there  were  a  Lecture  of  Navigation  read  in  this 
Citie,  for  the  banishing  of  our  former  grosse  ignorance  in 
Marine  causes,  and  for  the  increase  and  generall  multi- 
plying of  the  sea-knowledge  in  this  age,  wherein  God 
hath  raised  so  generall  a  desire  in  the  youth  of  this 
Realme  to  discover  all  parts  of  the  face  of  the  earth,  to 
this  Realme  in  former  ages  not  knowen.  And,  that  it 
may  appeare  that  this  is  no  vaine  fancie  nor  devise  of 
mine,  it  may  please  your  Lordship  to  understand,  that  the 
late  Emperour  Charles  the  fift,  considering  the  rawnesse 
of  his  Sea-men,  and  the  manifolde  shipwracks  which  they 
susteyned  in  passing  and  repassing  betweene  Spaine  and 
the  West  Indies,  with  an  high  reach  and  great  foresight, 
established  not  onely  a  Pilote  Major,  for  the  examination 
of  such  as  sought  to  take  charge  of  ships  in  that  voyage, 
but  also  founded  a  notable  Lecture  of  the  Art  of  Naviga- 
tion, which  is  read  to  this  day  in  the  Contractation  house 
at  Sivil.  The  readers  of  which  Lecture  have  not  only 
carefully  taught  and  instructed  the  Spanish  Mariners  by 
word  of  mouth,  but  also  have  published  sundry  exact  and 
worthy  treatises  concerning  Marine  causes,  for  the 
direction  and  incouragement  of  posteritie.  The  learned 
works  of  three  of  which  readers,  namely  of  Alonso  de 
Chavez,  of  Hieronymo  de  Chavez,  and  of  Roderigo 
Zamorano  came  long  ago  very  happily  to  my  hands, 
together  with  the  straight  and  severe  examining  of  all 
such  Masters  as  desire  to  take  charge  for  the  West  Indies. 
Which  when  I  first  read  and  duely  considered,  it  seemed 
to  mee  so  excellent  and  so  exact  a  course,  as  I  greatly 
wished,  that  I  might  be  so  happy  as  to  see  the  like  order 
established  here  with   us.     This  matter,   as    it    seemeth, 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

tooke   no   light  impression    in   the    royall    brest  of  that  | 

most  renowmed  and  victorious  prince  King  Henry  the  i 

eight    of    famous    memory ;    who    for    the    increase    of  | 

knowledge    in    his    Sea-men,    with     princely    liberalitie  '. 
erected  three  severall   Guilds   or   brotherhoods,  the   one 

at  Deptford  here  upon  the  Thames,  the  other  at  King-  ' 
ston  upon  Hull,  and  the  third  at  Newcastle  upon  Tine : 

which    last    was    established    in    the    28.    yeere    of    his  j 

reigne.     The  chiefe  motives  which  induced  his  princely  I 

wisedome    hereunto,   himselfe    expresseth    in   maner   fol-  ; 

lowing.      Ut    magistri,    marinarii,    gubernatores,    &    alii  | 

ofiiciarii     navium,    juventutem     suam     in     exercitatione  j 

gubernationis    navium   transigentes,   mutilati,   aut    aliquo  i 

alio    casu    in    paupertatem     collapsi,    aliquod    relevamen  j 

ad   eorum    sustentationem   habeant,   quo    non    solum    illi  ! 

reficiantur,    verumetiam    alii  juvenes    moveantur    &    in-  ' 

stigentur    ad    eandem   artem    exercendam,   ratione   cujus,  ^ 

doctiores  &  aptiores  fiant  navibus  &  aliis  vasis  nostris  &  i 

aliorum   quorumcunque   in  Mare  gubernandis  &  manu-  j 

tenendis,    tam    pacis,    quam     belli    tempore,    cum    opus  ' 

postulet,   &c.     To  descend   a  litle  lower,  king  Edward  , 

the  sixt  that  prince  of  peerelesse  hope,  with  the  advise  I 

of  his    sage    and    prudent    Counsaile,   before    he    entred  \ 

into   the   Northeasterne   discovery,  advanced  the  worthy  ; 

and    excellent    Sebastian    Cabota    to    be    grand    Pilot    of  | 

England,    allowing    him    a    most    bountifull    pension    of  : 

i66.1i.    vi.s.    viii.d.    by    the    yeere    during    his    life,    as  \ 

appeareth  in   his  Letters  Patents  which  are  to  be  scene  ; 

in    the    third    part    of  my    worke.       And    if    God    had  1 

granted   him    longer    life,    I    doubt   not    but    as   he    delt  : 

most  royally  in  establishing  that  office  of  Pilote  Major  ' 

(which   not  long  after   to   the    great  hinderance   of  this  \ 

Common  wealth  was   miserably  turned   to  other  private  ■ 

uses)  so  his  princely  Majestie  would  have  shewed  him-  ■ 

selfe    no    nigard    in    erecting,    in     imitation    of    Spaine,  : 

the   like   profitable    Lecture    of  the    Art    of  Navigation.  | 

And   surely  when    I   considered   of  late   the   memorable  ; 

bountie    of    sir    Thomas    Gresham,    who    being    but    a  I 

xxxvi 


TO   LORD    CHARLES    HOWARD 

Merchant  hath  founded  so  many  chargeable  Lectures,  and 
some  of  them  also  which  are  Mathematical!,  tending  to 
the  advancement  of  Marine  causes ;  I  nothing  doubted  of 
your  Lordships  forwardnes  in  settling  and  establishing  of 
this  Lecture ;  but  rather  when  your  Lordship  shall  see 
the  noble  and  rare  effects  thereof,  you  will  be  heartily  sory 
that  all  this  while  it  hath  not  bene  erected.  As  therefore 
our  skill  in  Navigation  hath  hitherto  bene  very  much 
bettered  and  increased  under  the  Admiraltie  of  your 
Lordship ;  so  if  this  one  thing  be  added  thereunto, 
together  with  severe  and  straight  discipline,  I  doubt  not 
but  with  Gods  good  blessing  it  will  shortly  grow  to  the 
hiest  pitch  and  top  of  all  perfection  :  which  whensoever  it 
shall  come  to  passe,  I  assure  my  selfe  it  will  turne  to  the 
infinite  wealth  and  honour  of  our  Countrey,  to  the  pros- 
perous and  speedy  discoverie  of  many  rich  lands  and 
territories  of  heathens  and  gentiles  as  yet  unknowen,  to 
the  honest  employment  of  many  thousands  of  our  idle 
people,  to  the  great  comfort  and  rejoycing  of  our  friends, 
to  the  terror,  daunting  and  confusion  of  our  foes.  To 
ende  this  matter,  let  mee  now  I  beseech  you  speake  unto 
your  Lordship,  as  in  times  past  the  elder  Scipio  spake  to 
Cornelius  Scipio  Africanus :  Quo  sis,  Africane,  alacrior  ad 
tutandam  Rempublicam,  sic  habeto :  Omnibus,  qui 
patriam  conservaverint,  adjuverint,  auxerint,  certum  esse 
in  coelo,  ac  definitum  locum,  ubi  beati  asvo  sempiterno 
fruantur.  It  remaineth  therefore,  that  as  your  Lordship 
from  time  to  time  under  her  most  gracious  and  excellent 
Majestic,  have  shewed  your  selfe  a  valiant  protectour,  a 
carefull  conserver,  and  an  happy  enlarger  of  the  honour 
and  reputation  of  your  Countrey ;  so  at  length  you  may 
enjoy  those  celestial  blessings,  which  are  prepared  to  such 
as  tread  your  steps,  and  seeke  to  aspire  to  such  divine  and 
heroical  vertues.  And  even  here  I  surcease,  wishing  all 
temporal  and  spiritual!  blessings  of  the  life  present  and 
that  which  is  to  come  to  be  powred  out  in  most  ample 
measure,  not  onely  upon  your  honourable  Lordship,  the 
noble  and  vertuous  Lady  your  bedfellow,  and  those  two 

xxxvii 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

rare  jewels,  your  generous  ofF-springs,  but  also  upon  all 
the  rest  wheresoever  of  that  your  noble  and  renowmed 
family.     From  London  the  7.  day  of  this  present  October 

1598. 

Your  honours  most  humble  alwayes 
to  be  commanded  : 

Richard  Hakluyt  Preacher. 


X  XXVI 11 


THE   PREFACE   TO    THE   SECOND   EDITION,    1598. 

A  preface  to  the   Reader  as  touching  the  princi- 
pal! Voyages  and  discourses  in  this  first  part. 

Aving  for  the  benefit  and  honour  of  my 
Countrey  zealously  bestowed  so  many 
yeres,  so  much  traveile  and  cost,  to  bring 
Antiquities  smothered  and  buried  in  darke 
silence,  to  light,  and  to  preserve  certaine 
memorable  exploits  of  late  yeeres  by  our 
English  nation  atchieved,  from  the  greedy 
and  devouring  jawes  of  oblivion  :  to  gather  likewise,  and  as 
it  were  to  incorporate  into  one  body  the  torne  and  scattered 
limmes  of  our  ancient  and  late  Navigations  by  Sea,  our 
voyages  by  land,  and  traffiques  of  merchandise  by  both : 
and  having  (so  much  as  in  me  lieth)  restored  ech  parti- 
cular member,  being  before  displaced,  to  their  true  joynts 
and  ligaments ;  I  meane,  by  the  helpe  of  Geographie  and 
Chronologie  (which  I  may  call  the  Sunne  and  the  Moone, 
the  right  eye  and  the  left  of  all  history)  referred  ech 
particular  relation  to  the  due  time  and  place :  I  do  this 
second  time  (friendly  Reader,  if  not  to  satisfie,  yet  at 
least  for  the  present  to  allay  and  hold  in  suspense  thine 
expectation)  presume  to  offer  unto  thy  view  this  first  part 
of  my  threefold  discourse.  For  the  bringing  of  which 
into  this  homely  and  rough-hewen  shape,  which  here  thou 
seest ;  what  restlesse  nights,  what  painefull  dayes,  what 
heat,  what  cold  I  have  indured ;  how  many  long  & 
chargeable  journeys  I  have  traveiled ;  how  many  famous 
libraries  I  have  searched  into  ;    what  varietie   of  ancient 

xxxix 


PREFACE   TO   THE 

and  moderne  writers  I  have  perused  ;  what  a  number 
of  old  records,  patents,  privileges,  letters,  &c.  I  have 
redeemed  from  obscuritie  and  perishing  ;  into  how  mani- 
fold acquaintance  I  have  entred ;  what  expenses  I  have  not 
spared ;  and  yet  what  faire  opportunities  of  private  gaine, 
preferment,  and  ease  I  have  neglected  ;  albeit  thy  selfe 
canst  hardly  imagine,  yet  I  by  daily  experience  do  finde 
&  feele,  and  some  of  my  entier  friends  can  sufficiently 
testifie.  Howbeit  (as  I  told  thee  at  the  first)  the  honour 
and  benefit  of  this  Common  weale  wherein  I  live  and 
breathe,  hath  made  all  difficulties  seeme  easie,  all  paines 
and  industrie  pleasant,  and  all  expenses  of  light  value  and 
moment  unto  me. 

For  (to  conteine  my  selfe  onely  within  the  bounds  of 
this  present  discourse,  and  in  the  midst  thereof  to  begin) 
wil  it  not  in  all  posteritie  be  as  great  a  renowme  unto  our 
English  nation,  to  have  bene  the  first  discoverers  of  a  Sea 
beyond  the  North  cape  (never  certainly  knowen  before) 
and  of  a  convenient  passage  into  the  huge  Empire  of 
Russia  by  the  bay  of  S.  Nicolas  and  the  river  of  Duina  ; 
as  for  the  Portugales  to  have  found  a  Sea  beyond  the  Cape 
of  Buona  Esperanza,  and  so  consequently  a  passage  by 
Sea  into  the  East  Indies ;  or  for  the  Italians  and  Spaniards 
to  have  discovered  unknowen  landes  so  many  hundred 
leagues  Westward  and  Southwestward  of  the  streits  of 
Gibraltar,  &  of  the  pillers  of  Hercules  ?  Be  it  granted 
that  the  renowmed  Portugale  Vasques  de  Gama  traversed 
the  maine  Ocean  Southward  of  Africke :  Did  not  Richard 
Chanceler  and  his  mates  performe  the  like  Northward  of 
Europe  ?  Suppose  that  Columbus  that  noble  and  high- 
spirited  Genuois  escried  unknowen  landes  to  the  Westward 
of  Europe  and  Africke :  Did  not  the  valiant  English 
knight  sir  Hugh  Willoughby ;  did  not  the  famous  Pilots 
Stephen  Burrough,  Arthur  Pet,  and  Charles  Jackman 
accoast  Nova  Zembla,  Colgoieve,  and  Vaigatz  to  the  North 
of  Europe  and  Asia  ?  Howbeit  you  will  say  perhaps,  not 
with  the  like  golden  successe,  not  with  such  deductions  of 
Colonies,  nor  attaining  of  conquests.    True  it  is,  that  our 

xl 


SECOND    EDITION    1598  j 

successe  hath  not  bene  correspondent  unto  theirs:  yet  in  this  j 
our  attempt  the  uncertaintie  of  finding  was  farre  greater, 

and   the  difficultie  and  danger  of  searching  was  no  whit  \ 

lesse.     For  hath  not  Herodotus  (a  man  for  his  time,  most  | 
skilfull  and   judicial    in   Cosmographie,  who  writ   above                            ^   j 

2000.  yeeres  ago)  in  his  4.  booke  called  Melpomene,  signi-  | 
iied  unto  the  Portugales   in  plaine  termes ;    that  Africa, 

except  the  small  Isthmus  between  the  Arabian  gulfe  and  the  , 

Mediterran  sea,  was  on  all  sides  environed  with  the  Ocean  r  ] 

And   for  the  further  confirmation   thereof,   doth   he   not  ; 

make  mention  of  one  Neco  an  Egyptian  King,  who  (for  ,! 

trials  sake)  sent  a  fleet  of  Phoenicians  downe  the  Red  sea ;  ! 

who  setting  forth  in  Autumne  and  sailing  Southward  till  t 

they  had   the  Sunne  at   noonetide  upon   their  sterbourd  ] 

(that  is  to  say,  having  crossed  the  Equinoctial  and   the  ^ 

Southerne  tropique)  after  a  long  Navigation,  directed  their  S 

course  to  the  North,  and   in  the  space  of  3.  yeeres  envi-  \ 

roned    all    Africk,    passing    home    through    the    Gaditan  J 

streites,  and  arriving  in  ^gypt?     And  doth  not   II  Plinie  \\Lik2.nat.  \ 

tel   them,  that  noble  Hanno,  in  the  flourishing  time  and  ^'^^^'  ^^P-  ^7-  ^ 

estate  of  Carthage,  sailed   from  Gades  in  Spaine  to  the  J 

coast  of  Arabia  foelix,  and  put  downe  his  whole  journall  j 

in  writing?     Doth  he  not  make  mention,  that  in  the  time  | 

of  Augustus  Caesar,  the  wracke  of  certaine  Spanish  ships  1i 

was  found  floating  in  the  Arabian  gulfe  ?    And,  not  to  be  \ 

over-tedious  in  alleaging  of  testimonies,  doth  not   Strabo  1 

in  the  2.  booke  of  his  Geography,  together  with  Cornelius  1 

Nepos  and   Plinie  in  the  place  beforenamed,  agree  all   in  \ 

one,  that  one  Eudoxus  fleeing  from  king  Lathyrus,  and  \ 

valing  downe  the  Arabian  bay,  sailed  along,  doubled  the  1 

Southern  point  of  Africk,  and  at  length  arrived  at  Gades  ?  j 

And  what  should   I  speake  of  the  Spaniards?    Was  not  ; 

divine  II  Plato  (who  lived  so  many  ages  ago,  and  plainely  ||/«  Timceo.  ! 

described  their  West   Indies  under  the  name  of  Atlantis)  ! 

was  not  he  (I  say)  instead  of  a  Cosmographer  unto  them  ?  | 

Were  not  those  Carthaginians  mentioned  by  Aristotle  lib.  ; 

II  de  admirabil.  auscult.  their  forerunners?     And  had  they  ik^P\^«^^«,  ; 

not  Columbus  to  stirre  them  up,  and  pricke  them  torward  rojy.  \ 

xli  ! 


PREFACE   TO   THE 

unto  their  Westerne  discoveries ;  yea,  to  be  their  chiefe 
loads-man  and  Pilot  ?  Sithens  therefore  these  two  worthy- 
Nations  had  those  bright  lampes  of  learning  (I  meane  the 
most  ancient  and  best  Philosophers,  Historiographers  and 
Geographers)  to  shewe  them  light ;  and  the  load-starre  of 
experience  (to  wit  those  great  exploits  and  voyages  layed 
up  in  store  and  recorded)  whereby  to  shape  their  course : 
what  great  attempt  might  they  not  presume  to  undertake  ? 
But  alas  our  English  nation,  at  the  first  setting  foorth  for 
their  Northeasterne  discovery,  were  either  altogether  des- 
titute of  such  cleare  lights  and  inducements,  or  if  they 
had  any  inkling  at  all,  it  was  as  misty  as  they  found  the 
Northren  seas,  and  so  obscure  and  ambiguous,  that  it  was 
meet  rather  to  deterre  them,  then  to  give  them  encourage- 
ment. 

But  besides  the  foresaid  uncertaintie,  into  what  dangers 
and  difficulties  they  plunged  themselves.  Animus  memi- 
nisse  horret,  I  tremble  to  recount.  For  first  they  were  to 
expose  themselves  unto  the  rigour  of  the  sterne  and  un- 
couth Northren  seas,  and  to  make  triall  of  the  swelling 
waves  and  boistrous  winds  which  there  commonly  do 
surge  and  blow  :  then  were  they  to  saile  by  the  ragged  and 
perilous  coast  of  Norway,  to  frequent  the  unhaunted 
shoares  of  Finmark,  to  double  the  dreadfull  and  misty 
North  cape,  to  beare  with  Willoughbies  land,  to  run  along 
within  kenning  of  the  Countreys  of  Lapland  and  Corelia, 
and  as  it  were  to  open  and  unlocke  the  seven-fold  mouth 
of  Duina.  Moreover,  in  their  Northeasterly  Navigations, 
upon  the  seas  and  by  the  coasts  of  Condora,  Colgoieve, 
Petzora,  Joughoria,  Samoedia,  Nova  Zembla,  &c.  and 
their  passing  and  returne  through  the  streits  of  Vaigatz, 
unto  what  drifts  of  snow  and  mountaines  of  yce  even  in 
June,  July,  and  August,  unto  what  hideous  overfals,  uncer- 
taine  currents,  darke  mistes  and  fogs,  and  divers  other 
fearefull  inconveniences  they  were  subject  and  in  danger 
of,  I  wish  you  rather  to  learne  out  of  the  voyages  of  sir 
Hugh  Willoughbie,  Stephen  Burrough,  Arthur  Pet  and 
the  rest,  then  to  expect  in  this  place  an  endlesse  catalogue 

xlii 


SECOND    EDITION    1598 

thereof.  And  here  by  the  way  I  cannot  but  highly  com- 
mend the  great  industry  and  magnanimity  of  the  Hollan- 
ders, who  within  these  few  yeeres  have  discovered  to  78. 
yea  (as  themselves  affirme)  to  81.  degrees  of  Northerly 
latitude :  yet  with  this  proviso ;  that  our  English  nation 
led  them  the  dance,  brake  the  yce  before  them,  and  gave 
them  good  leave  to  light  their  candle  at  our  torch.  But 
nowe  it  is  high  time  for  us  to  weigh  our  ancre,  to  hoise  up 
our  sailes,  to  get  cleare  of  these  boistrous,  frosty,  and  misty- 
seas,  and  with  all  speede  to  direct  our  course  for  the  milde, 
lightsome,  temperate,  and  warme  Atlantick  Ocean,  over 
which  the  Spaniards  and  Portugales  have  made  so  many 
pleasant  prosperous  and  golden  voyages.  And  albeit  I 
cannot  deny,  that  both  of  them  in  their  East  and  West 
Indian  Navigations  have  indured  many  tempests,  dangers 
and  shipwracks :  yet  this  dare  I  boldly  affirme ;  first  that 
a  great  number  of  them  have  satisfied  their  fame-thirsty 
and  gold-thirsty  mindes  with  that  reputation  and  wealth, 
which  made  all  perils  and  misadventures  seeme  tolerable 
unto  them ;  and  secondly,  that  their  first  attempts  (which 
in  this  comparison  I  doe  onely  stand  upon)  were  no  whit 
more  difficult  and  dangerous,  then  ours  to  the  Northeast. 
For  admit  that  the  way  was  much  longer,  yet  was  it  never 
barred  with  yce,  mist,  or  darknes,  but  was  at  all  seasons  of 
the  yeere  open  and  Navigable ;  yea  and  that  for  the  most 
part  with  fortunate  and  fit  gales  of  winde.  Moreover  they 
had  no  forren  prince  to  intercept  or  molest  them,  but  their 
owne  Townes,  Islands,  and  maine  lands  to  succour  them. 
The  Spaniards  had  the  Canary  Isles :  and  so  had  the  Por- 
tugales the  Isles  of  the  A9ores,  of  Porto  santo,  of 
Madera,  of  Cape  verd,  the  castle  of  Mina,  the  fruitful! 
and  profitable  Isle  of  S.  Thomas,  being  all  of  them  con- 
veniently situated,  and  well  fraught  with  commodities. 
And  had  they  not  continual!  and  yerely  trade  in  some  one 
part  or  other  of  Africa,  for  getting  of  slaves,  for  sugar,  for 
Elephants  teeth,  graines,  silver,  gold,  and  other  precious 
wares,  which  served  as  allurements  to  draw  them  on  by 
little  and  litle,  and  as  proppes  to  stay  them   from  giving 

xliii 


PREFACE   TO   THE 

over  their  attempts?     But  nowe  let  us  leave  them  and 
returne  home  unto  our  selves. 

In  this  first  Volume  (friendly  Reader)  besides  our 
Northeasterne  Discoveries  by  sea,  and  the  memorable 
voyage  of  M.  Christopher  Hodson,  and  M.  William 
Burrough,  Anno  1570.  to  the  Narve,  wherein  with 
merchants  ships  onely,  they  tooke  five  strong  and  warrelike 
ships  of  the  Freebooters,  which  lay  within  the  sound  of 
Denmark  of  purpose  to  intercept  our  English  Fleete  : 
besides  all  these  (I  say)  thou  maiest  find  here  recorded,  to 
the  lasting  honor  of  our  nation,  all  their  long  and 
dangerous  voyages  for  the  advauncing  of  traffique  by  river 
and  by  land  to  all  parts  of  the  huge  and  wide  Empire  of 
Russia  :  as  namely  Richard  Chanceler  his  first  fortunate 
arrivall  at  Newnox,  his  passing  up  the  river  of  Dwina  to 
the  citie  of  Vologda  for  the  space  of  iioo.  versts,  and 
from  thence  to  Yaruslave,  Rostove,  Peraslave,  and  so  to 
the  famous  citie  of  Mosco,  being  1500.  versts  travell  in 
all.  Moreover,  here  thou  hast  his  voiage  penned  by 
himselfe  (which  I  hold  to  be  very  authentical,  &  for  the 
which  I  do  acknowledge  my  selfe  beholding  unto  the 
excellent  Librarie  of  the  right  honorable  my  lord  Lumley) 
wherein  he  describeth  in  part  the  state  of  Russia,  the 
maners  of  the  people  and  their  religion,  the  magnificence 
of  the  Court,  the  majestie,  power,  and  riches  of  the 
Emperour,  and  the  gracious  entertainment  of  himselfe. 
But  if  he  being  the  first  man,  and  not  having  so  perfect 
intelligence  as  they  that  came  after  him,  doeth  not  fullie 
satisfie  your  expectation  in  describing  the  foresayd 
countrey  and  people  ;  I  then  referre  you  to  Clement 
Adams  his  relation  next  following,  to  M.  Jenkinsons 
discourse  as  touching  that  argument,  to  the  smooth 
verses  of  M.  George  Turbervile,  and  to  a  learned  and 
excellent  discourse  set  downe,  pag.  475.  of  this  volume, 
and  the  pages  following.  Unto  all  which  (if  you  please) 
you  may  adde  Richard  Johnsons  strange  report  of  the 
Samoeds,  pag.  283.  But  to  returne  to  our  voyages 
performed  within  the  bounds  of  Russia,  I  suppose  (among 

xliv 


SECOND    EDITION    1598 

the  rest)   that  difficult  journey  of  Southam  and  Sparke, 
from  Colmogro  and  S.  Nicholas  Baie,  up  the  great  river  of 
Onega,  and  so  by  other  rivers  and  lakes  to  the  citie  of 
Novogrod  velica  upon  the  West  frontier  of  Russia,  to  be 
right  woorthy  of  observation  ;  as  likewise  that  of  Thomas 
Alcock  from  Mosco  to  Smolensko,  and  thence  to  Tirwill 
in  Polonia,  pag.  304.  &  that  also  of  M.  Hierome  Horsey 
from  Mosco  to  Vobsko,  and  so  through  Liefland  to  Riga, 
thence  by  the  chiefe  townes  of  Prussia  and  Pomerland  to 
Rostok,  and  so  to  Hamburg,  Breme,  Emden,  &c.     Neither 
hath  our  nation  bene  contented  onely  throughly  to  search 
into  all  parts  of  the  Inland,  and  to  view  the  Northren, 
Southerne,  and  Westerne  frontiers,  but  also  by  the  rivers 
of  Moscua,  Occa  and  Volga,  to  visite  Cazan  and  Astracan, 
the  farthest  Easterne  and  Southeasterne   bounds  of  that 
huge  Empire.     And  yet  not  containing  themselves  within 
all  that  maine  circumference,  they  have  adventured  their 
persons,  shippes,   and    goods,   homewards   and  outwards, 
foureteene    times    over    the    unknowen    and    dangerous 
Caspian  sea  ;  that  valiant,  wise,  and  personable  gentleman 
M.  Anthonie  Jenkinson  being  their  first  ring-leader  :  who 
in   Anno    1558.  sailing  from  Astracan  towards  the   East 
shore  of  the  Caspian  sea,  and  there  arriving  at  the  port  of 
Mangusla,  travelled  thence  by  Urgence  and  Shelisur,  and 
by  the  rivers  of  Oxus  and  Ardok,  40.  dayes  journey  over 
desert  and  wast  countreys,  to  Boghar  a  principall  citie  of 
Bactria,  being  there   &   by  the  way  friendly  entertained, 
dismissed,    and    safely    conducted    by    certaine    Tartarian 
kings  and  Murses.     Then  have  you  a  second  Navigation 
of  his  performance   to  the  South   shore  of  the   foresayd 
Caspian   sea,   together   with   his  landing   at   Derbent,  his 
arrivall    at    Shabran,   his    proceeding  unto   Shamaky,   the 
great  curtesie  vouchsafed  on  him  by  Obdolowcan  king  of 
Hircan,   his  journey  after   of  30.   dayes    Southward,   by 
Yavate,  Ardouil,  and  other  townes  and  cities  to  Casben, 
being  as  then  the  seate  imperiall  of  Shaugh  Thamas  the 
great  Sophy  of  Persia,  with  divers  other  notable  accidents 
in  his  going  foorth,  in  his  abode  there,  and  in  his  returne 

xlv 


PREFACE   TO   THE 

home.  Immediately  after  you  have  set  downe  in  five 
severall  voiages  the  successe  of  M.  Jenkinsons  laudable 
and  well-begun  enterprise,  under  the  foresayd  Shaugh 
Thamas,  under  Shally  Murzey  the  new  king  of  Hircan, 
and  lastly  our  traffique  with  Osman  Basha  the  great 
Turkes  lieutenant  at  Derbent.  Moreover,  as  in  M. 
Jenkinsons  travel  to  Boghar  the  Tartars,  with  their 
territories,  habitations,  maner  of  living,  apparell,  food, 
armour,  &c.  are  most  lively  represented  unto  you  :  so 
likewise  in  the  sixe  Persian  Journals  you  may  here  and 
there  observe  the  state  of  that  countrey,  of  the  great 
Shaugh  and  of  his  subjects,  together  with  their  religion, 
lawes,  customes,  &  maner  of  government,  their  coines, 
weights  and  measures,  the  distances  of  places,  the  tempera- 
ture of  the  climate  and  region,  and  the  natural  commodi- 
ties and  discommodities  of  the  same. 

Furthermore  in  this  first  Volume,  all  the  Ambassages 
and  Negotiations  from  her  Majestie  to  the  Russian 
Emperor,  or  from  him  unto  her  Majestie,  seemed  by 
good  right  to  chalenge  their  due  places  of  Record.  As 
namely,  first  that  of  M.  Randolph,  1568.  then  the 
emploiment  of  M.  Jenkinson  1571.  thirdly.  Sir  Jerome 
Bowes  his  honorable  commission  and  ambassage  1582. 
and  last  of  all  the  Ambassage  of  M.  Doct.  Fletcher  1588. 
Neither  do  we  forget  the  Emperours  first  Ambassador 
Osep  Napea,  his  arrivall  in  Scotland,  his  most  honourable 
entertainment  and  abode  in  England,  and  his  dismission 
into  Russeland.  In  the  second  place  we  doe  make 
mention  of  Stephen  Tuerdico,  and  Pheodata  Pogorella  ; 
thirdly,  of  Andrea  Savin  ;  and  lastly,  of  Pheodor 
Andrewich  Phisemski.  And  to  be  briefe,  I  have  not 
omitted  the  Commissions,  Letters,  Privileges,  Instructions, 
Observations,  or  any  other  Particulars  which  might  serve 
both  in  this  age,  and  with  all  posteritie,  either  for 
presidents  in  such  like  princely  and  weightie  actions  to 
bee  imitated,  or  as  woorthy  monuments  in  no  wise  to  bee 
buried  in  silence.  Finally,  that  nothing  should  be  wanting 
which  might  adde  any  grace  or  shew  of  perfection  unto 

xlvi 


SECOND    EDITION    1598 

this  discourse  of  Russia  ;  I  have  prefixed  before  the  begin- 
ning thereof,  the  petigree  and  genealogie  of  the  Russian 
Emperors  and  Dukes,  gathered  out  of  their  owne 
Chronicles  by  a  Polonian,  containing  in  briefe  many 
notable  antiquities  and  much  knowledge  of  those  partes  : 
as  likewise  about  the  conclusion,  I  have  signified  in  the 
branch  of  a  letter,  the  last  Emperour  Pheodor  Ivanowich 
his  death,  and  the  inauguration  of  Boris  Pheodorowich 
unto  the  Empire. 

But  that  no  man  should  imagine  that  our  forren  trades 
of  merchandise  have  bene  comprised  within  some  few 
yeeres,  or  at  least  wise  have  not  bene  of  any  long  con- 
tinuance ;  let  us  now  withdraw  our  selves  from  our  ajffaires 
in  Russia,  and  ascending  somewhat  higher,  let  us  take  a 
sleight  survey  of  our  trafiiques  and  negotiations  in  former 
ages.  First  therefore  the  Reader  may  have  recourse  unto 
the  1 24  page  of  this  Volume,  &  there  with  great  delight 
and  admiration,  consider  out  of  the  judicial  Historiographer 
Cornelius  Tacitus,  that  the  Citie  of  London  fifteene 
hundred  yeeres  agoe  in  the  time  of  Nero  the  Emperour, 
was  most  famous  for  multitude  of  merchants  and  con- 
course of  people.  In  the  pages  folowing  he  may  learne 
out  of  Venerable  Beda,  that  almost  900.  yeeres  past,  in  the 
time  of  the  Saxons,  the  said  citie  of  London  was  multorum 
emporium  populorum,  a  Mart-towne  for  many  nations. 
There  he  may  behold,  out  of  William  of  Malmesburie,  a 
league  concluded  betweene  the  most  renoumed  and 
victorious  Germane  Emperour  Carolus  Magnus,  and  the 
Saxon  king  OfFa,  together  with  the  sayd  Charles  his 
patronage  and  protection  granted  unto  all  English  mer- 
chants which  in  those  dayes  frequented  his  dominions. 
There  may  hee  plainly  see  in  an  auncient  testimonie 
translated  out  of  the  Saxon  tongue,  how  our  merchants 
were  often  woont  for  trafliques  sake,  so  many  hundred 
yeeres  since,  to  crosse  the  wide  Seas,  and  how  their 
industry  in  so  doing  was  recompensed.  Yea,  there 
mayest  thou  observe  (friendly  Reader)  what  privileges  the 
Danish  king  Canutus  obtained  at  Rome  of  Pope  John,  of 

xlvii 


PREFACE   TO   THE 

Conradus  the  Emperour,  and  of  king  Rudolphus  for  our 
English  merchants  Adventurers  of  those  times.  Then  if 
you  shall  thinke  good  to  descend  unto  the  times  and  ages 
succeeding  the  conquest,  there  may  you  partly  see  what 
our  state  of  merchandise  was  in  the  time  of  king  Stephen 
and  of  his  predecessor,  and  how  the  Citie  of  Bristol  (which 
may  seeme  somewhat  strange)  was  then  greatly  resorted 
unto  with  ships  from  Norway  and  from  Ireland.  There 
may  you  see  the  friendly  league  betweene  king  Henry  the 
second,  and  the  famous  Germane  Emperour  Friderick 
Barbarossa,  and  the  gracious  authorizing  of  both  their 
merchants  to  traffique  in  either  of  their  dominions.  And 
what  need  I  to  put  you  in  mind  of  king  John  his 
favourable  safe-conduct,  whereby  all  forren  merchants 
were  to  have  the  same  privileges  here  in  England,  which 
our  English  merchants  enjoied  abroad  in  their  severall 
countreys.  Or  what  should  I  signifie  unto  you  the 
entercourse  of  league  and  of  other  curtesies  betweene 
king  Henry  the  third,  and  Haquinus  king  of  Norway ; 
and  likewise  of  the  free  trade  of  merchandise  between 
their  subjects :  or  tell  you  what  favours  the  citizens  of 
Colen,  of  Lubek,  and  of  all  the  Hansetownes  obtained  of 
king  Edward  the  first  ;  or  to  what  high  endes  and  pur- 
poses the  generall,  large,  and  stately  Charter  concerning 
all  outlandish  merchants  whatsoever  was  by  the  same 
prince  most  graciously  published  ?  You  are  of  your 
owne  industry  sufficiently  able  to  conceive  of  the  letters 
&  negotiations  which  passed  between  K.  Edward  the  2. 
&  Haquinus  the  Noruagian  king ;  of  our  English 
merchants  and  their  goods  detained  upon  arrest  at 
Bergen  in  Norway  ;  and  also  of  the  first  ordination  of 
a  Staple,  or  of  one  onely  setled  Mart-towne  for  the 
uttering  of  English  woolls  &  woollen  fells,  instituted 
by  the  sayd  K.  Edward  last  before  named.  All  which 
(Reader)  being  throughly  considered,  I  referre  you  then 
to  the  Ambassages,  Letters,  Traffiques,  and  prohibition 
of  Traffiques,  concluding  and  repealing  of  leagues, 
damages,      reprisals,     arrests,     complaints,     supplications, 

xlvili 


SECOND    EDITION    1598 

compositions  and  restitutions  which  happened  in  the 
time  of  king  Richard  the  2.  and  king  Henry  the  4. 
between  the  said  kings  and  their  subjects  on  the  one 
partie ;  and  Conradus  de  Zolner,  Conradus  de  Jungingen, 
and  Ulricus  de  Jungingen,  three  of  the  great  masters  ot 
Prussia,  and  their  subjects,  with  the  common  societie  of 
the  Hans-townes  on  the  other  partie.  In  all  which  dis- 
course you  may  note  very  many  memorable  things ;  as 
namely  first  the  wise,  discreet,  and  cautelous  dealing  of 
the  Ambassadors  and  Commissioners  of  both  parts,  then 
the  wealth  of  the  foresaid  nations,  and  their  manifold 
and  most  usuall  kinds  of  wares  uttered  in  those  dayes, 
as  likewise  the  qualitie,  burthen,  and  strength  of  their 
shipping,  the  number  of  their  Mariners,  the  maner  of 
their  combates  at  sea,  the  number  and  names  of  the 
English  townes  which  traded  that  way,  with  the  particular 
places  as  well  upon  the  coast  of  Norway,  as  every  where 
within  the  sound  of  Denmark  which  they  frequented  ; 
together  with  the  inveterate  malice  and  craftie  crueltie  of 
the  Hanse.  And  because  the  name,  office,  and  dignitie 
of  the  masters  generall,  or  great  Masters  of  Prussia 
would  otherwise  have  bene  utterly  darke  and  unknowen 
to  the  greater  part  of  Readers,  I  have  set  downe  immedi- 
atly  before  the  first  Prussian  ambassage,  pagina  144 
a  briefe  and  orderly  Catalogue  of  them  all,  contayning 
the  first  originall  and  institution  of  themselves  and  of 
their  whole  knightly  order  and  brotherhood,  with  the 
increase  of  revenues  and  wealth  which  befell  them  after- 
ward in  Italy  and  Germany  and  the  great  conquests 
which  they  atchieved  upon  the  infidels  of  Prussia,  Samo- 
gitia,  Curland,  Liefland,  Lituania,  &c.  also  their  decay  and 
finall  overthrow,  partly  by  the  revolt  of  divers  Townes 
and  Castles  under  their  jurisdiction,  and  partly  by  the 
meanes  of  their  next  mightie  neighbour  the  King  of  Poland. 
After  all  these,  out  of  2.  branches  of  2.  ancient 
statutes,  is  partly  shewed  our  trade  and  the  successe 
thereof  with  divers  forren  Nations  in  the  time  of  K. 
Henry  the  sixt. 

I  xlix  d 


PREFACE   TO   THE 

Then  followeth  the  true  processe  of  English  policie,  I 
meane  that   excellent  and   pithy  treatise   de   politia  con- 
servativa  maris :  which  I  cannot  to  any  thing  more  fitly 
compare,   then   to   the   Emperour  of  Russia    his    palace 
called    the    golden    Castle,    and    described    by    Richard 
Chanceller    pag.    238.   of  this    volume  :    whereof   albeit  \ 
the    outward    apparance   was    but    homely  and    no  whit  i 
correspondent  to  the  name,  yet  was  it  within  so  beautified  | 
and  adorned  with  the  Emperour  his  majesticall  presence,   ■■ 
with   the    honourable    and    great    assembly    of  his   rich-  \ 
attired  Peers  and  Senatours,  with  an  invaluable  and  huge   \ 
masse   of  gold   and   silver  plate,  &   with   other  princely  i 
magnificence ;  that  well  might   the  eyes  of  the  beholders   ^ 
be  dazeled,  and  their  cogitations  astonished  thereat.     For   \ 
indeed  the  exteriour  habit  of  this  our  English  politician,    I 
to  wit,  the  harsh  and  unaffected  stile  of  his  substantial!   , 
verses   and   the   olde   dialect   of  his  wordes  is   such ;    as   | 
the    first    may   seeme   to    have    bene    whistled    of    Pans    I 
oaten    pipe,    and    the    second    to    have    proceeded    from 
the    mother    of    Evander  :    but    take    you    off    his   ut-   i 
most  weed,  and    beholde   the   comelinesse,  beautie,   and    ' 
riches  which  lie  hid  within  his  inward  sense  and  sentence ;    | 
and  you  shall  finde  (I  wisse)  so   much   true  and  sound    • 
policy,  so  much  delightfuU  and  pertinent  history,  so  many    | 
lively  descriptions  of  the  shipping  and  wares  in  his  time 
of  all  the  nations  almost  in   Christendome,  and   such   a    | 
subtile  discovery  of  outlandish  merchants  fraud,  and  of 
the  sophistication  of  their  wares ;  that  needes  you  must    ; 
acknowledge,  that  more  matter  and  substance  could  in  no 
wise  be  comprised  in  so  little  a  roome.     And  notwith- 
standing  (as    I    said)    his    stile    be   unpolished,   and    his    ; 
phrases  somewhat  out  of  use ;  yet,  so  neere  as  the  written    : 
copies  would    give    me    leave,    I   have    most    religiously    ■ 
without  alteration  observed  the  same':  thinking  it  farre    j 
more   convenient  that  himselfe  should  speake,  then  that    ! 
I  should  bee  his  spokesman ;  and  that  the  Readers  should    j 
enjoy  his  true  verses,  then  mine  or  any  other  mans  fained    i 
prose.  j 


SECOND   EDITION    1598 

Next  after  the  conclusion  of  the  last  mentioned  dis- 
course, the  Reader  may  in  some  sort  take  a  vieu  of  our 
state  of  merchandise  under  K.  Edward  the  fourth,  as 
likewise  of  the  establishing  of  an  English  company  in  the 
Netherlands,  and  of  all  the  discreet  provisoes,  just  ordina- 
tions, &  gratious  privileges  conteined  in  the  large  Charter 
which  was  granted  for  the  same  purpose. 

Now  besides  our  voyages  and  trades  of  late  yeeres 
to  the  North  and  Northeast  regions  of  the  world,  and 
our  ancient  traffique  also  to  those  parts ;  I  have  not 
bene  unmindefull  (so  farre  as  the  histories  of  England 
and  of  other  Countreys  would  give  me  direction)  to 
place  in  the  fore-front  of  this  booke  those  forren  con- 
quests, exploits,  and  travels  of  our  English  nation, 
which  have  bene  atchieved  of  old.  Where  in  the  first 
place  (as  I  am  credibly  informed  out  of  Galfridus 
Monumetensis,  and  out  of  M.  Lambert  his  Apxc^^ovo/mla) 
I  have  published  unto  the  world  the  noble  actes  of 
Arthur  and  Malgo  two  British  Kings.  Then  followeth 
in  the  Saxons  time  K.  Edwin  his  conquest  of  Man 
and  Anglesey,  and  the  expedition  of  Bertus  into  Ireland. 
Next  succeedeth  Octher  making  relation  of  his  doings, 
and  describing  the  North  Countreys,  unto  his  soveraigne 
Lord  K.  Ecfrid.  After  whom  Wolstans  Navigation 
within  the  Sound  of  Denmark  is  mentioned,  the 
voyage  of  the  yong  Princes  Edmund  and  Edward  into 
Sweden  and  Hungarie  is  recorded,  as  likewise  the 
mariage  of  Harald  his  daughter  unto  the  Russian  duke 
Jeruslaus.  Neither  is  that  Englishman  forgotten,  who 
was  forced  to  traveile  with  the  cruel  Tartars  into  their 
Countrey,  and  from  thence  to  beare  them  company  into 
Hungary  and  Poland.  And  because  those  North- 
eastern e  Regions  beyond  Volga,  by  reason  of  the  huge 
deserts,  the  colde  climate,  and  the  barbarous  incivilitie 
of  the  people  there  inhabiting,  were  never  yet 
throughly  traveiled  by  any  of  our  Nation,  nor  suffi- 
ciently knowen  unto  us ;  I  have  here  annexed  unto 
the    said    Englishmans    traveile,  the   rare   &   memorable 

li 


PREFACE   TO   THE 

journals    of    2.    Friers,    who    were    some    of    the    first  j 

Christians  that  travailed  farthest  that  way,  and  brought  I 

home   most   particular   intelligence   &   knowledge   of  all  | 

things  which   they  had   seene.     These   Friers  were  sent  i 

as   Ambassadours    unto    the    savage    Tartars    (who    had  | 

as    then    wasted    and    overrunne    a    great    part    of  Asia,  | 

and  had  pierced  farre  into  Europe  with  fire  and  sword)  i 

to  mitigate  their  fury,  and  to  offer  the  glad  tidings  of  I 

the  Gospel  unto  them.     The   former,  namely  Johannes  ! 

de  Piano  Carpini  (whose  journey,  because  he  road  sixe  ' 

moneths  poste  directly  beyond  Boristhenes,  did,  I  thinke,  ■ 

both    for   length    and    difBcultie    farre    surpasse   that   of  | 

Alexander  the  great,  unto  the  river  of  Indus)  was  in  the  ' 

yeere   1246.  sent  with  the  authoritie  and  commission  of  ' 

a    Legate    from    Pope     Innocentius     the     fourth  :     who  ] 

passed     through     more     garisons    of    the    Tartars,    and  I 

wandered    over    more    vast,    barren,    and    cold    deserts,  I 

then  (I   suppose)  an  army  of  an  hundred  thousand  good  I 

souldiers  could  have  done.     The  other,  to  wit,  William  : 

de    Rubricis,  was    1253.   by  the  way  of   Constantinople,  ; 
of  the  Euxin  sea,  and  of  Taurica  Chersonesus  imployed 

in  an  ambassage   from  Lewis  the  French  King  (waging  . 
warre  as  then  against   the    Saracens   in   the    Holy  land) 
unto   one    Sartach   a  great   duke   of  the   Tartars,  which 
Sartach   sent   him    forthwith  unto  his  father  Baatu,  and 

from  Baatu  he  was  conducted  over  many  large  territories  ! 

unto  the  Court  of  Mangu-Can  their  Emperour.     Both  ! 

of  them   have   so  well   played   their  parts,   in   declaring  , 

what  befell  them  before  they  came  at  the  Tartars,  what  i 

a  terrible  and  unmanerly  welcomming  they  had  at  their  | 

first  arrivall,  what  cold  intertainment  they  felt  in  traveil-  I 
ing  towards  the  great  Can,  and  what  slender  cheere  they 
found  at  his  Court ;  that  they  seeme  no  lesse  worthy  of 
praise  then  of  pitie.  But  in  describing  of  the  Tartars 
Countrey,  and  of  the  Regions  adjacent,  in  setting  downe 
the  base  and  sillie  beginnings  of  that  huge  and  over- 
spreading Empire,  in  registring  their  manifolde  warres 
and  bloody  conquests,  in  making  relation  of  their  hords 

lii 


SECOND    EDITION    1598 

and  mooveable  Townes,  as  likewise  of  their  food,  apparell 
and  armour,  and  in  setting  downe  their  unmercifull 
lawes,  their  fond  superstitions,  their  bestiall  lives,  their 
vicious  maners,  their  slavish  subjection  to  their  owne 
superiours,  and  their  disdainfull  and  brutish  inhumanitie 
unto  strangers,  they  deserve  most  exceeding  and  high 
commendation.  Howbeit  if  any  man  shall  object  that 
they  have  certaine  incredible  relations :  I  answere,  first, 
that  many  true  things  may  to  the  ignorant  seeme  in- 
credible. But  suppose  there  be  some  particulars  which 
hardly  will  be  credited ;  yet  thus  much  I  will  boldly 
say  for  the  Friers,  that  those  particulars  are  but  few, 
and  that  they  doe  not  avouch  them  under  their  owne 
names,  but  from  the  report  of  others.  Yet  farther, 
imagine  that  they  did  avouch  them,  were  they  not  to 
be  pardoned  as  well  as  Herodotus,  Strabo,  Plutarch, 
Plinie,  Solinus,  yea  &  a  great  many  of  our  new  principall 
writers,  whose  names  you  may  see  about  the  end  of 
this  Preface ;  every  one  of  which  hath  reported  more 
strange  things  then  the  Friers  between  them  both  ? 
Nay,  there  is  not  any  history  in  the  world  (the  most 
Holy  writ  excepted)  whereof  we  are  precisely  bound  to 
beleeve  ech  word  and  syllable.  Moreover  sithens  these 
two  journals  are  so  rare,  that  Mercator  and  Ortelius  (as 
their  letters  unto  me  do  testifie)  were  many  yeeres 
very  inquisitive,  and  could  not  for  all  that  attaine  unto 
them ;  and  sithens  they  have  bene  of  so  great  accompt 
with  those  two  famous  Cosmographers,  that  according 
to  some  fragments  of  them  they  have  described  in  their 
Mappes  a  great  part  of  those  Northeastern  Regions ; 
sith  also  that  these  two  relations  containe  in  some  respect 
more  exact  history  of  those  unknowen  parts,  then  all 
the  ancient  and  newe  writers  that  ever  I  could  set  mine 
eyes  on  :  I  thought  it  good,  if  the  translation  should 
chance  to  swerve  in  ought  from  the  originals  (both  for 
the  preservation  of  the  originals  themselves,  and  the 
satisfying  of  the  Reader)  to  put  them  downe  word  for 
word    in     that    homely    stile    wherein    they    were    first 

liii 


PREFACE   TO    THE 

penned.       And    for   these    two    rare  jewels,   as    likewise  i 

for   many   other    extraordinary   courtesies,    I    must    here  | 

acknowledge   my  selfe  most   deepely  bounden  unto  the  j 

right    reverend,    grave,    and    learned    Prelate,    my    very  j 

good    lord    the    Bishop    of    Chichester,    and    L.    high  j 

Almner    unto    her   Majestic ;    by  whose    friendship    and  \ 

meanes  I  had  free  accesse  unto  the  right  honor,  my  L.  | 

Lumley  his  stately  library,   and   was  permitted   to  copy  j 
out  of  ancient  manuscripts,  these  two  journals  and  some 

others  also.  ' 

After   these   Friers    (though    not    in    the    next    place)  i 

foloweth  a  testimonie  of  Gerardus  Mercator,  and  another  \ 

of    M.    Dee,    concerning    one    Nicholas    de    Linna    an  j 

English  Franciscan  Frier.  i 

Then    succeedeth    the   long  journey   of  Henry   Earle  ; 

of  Derbie,  and  afterward  king  of  England  into  Prussia  ; 

&  Lithuania,   with  a  briefe  remembrance  of  his  valiant  ! 

exploits  against  the  Infidels  there ;  as  namely,  that  with  I 

the  help  of  certaine  his   Associates,  he   vanquished   the  ^ 

king  of  Letto  his   armie,   put   the   sayd   king   to   flight,  \ 

tooke    and    slew    divers    of    his    captains,    advanced    his  I 

English   colours   upon  the   wall   of  Vilna,   &  made   the  ■ 

citie   it  selfe  to   yeeld.     Then  mention  is  made  also   of  ' 

Tho.  of   Woodstock   his   travel   into   Pruis,   and  of  his  ■ 

returne    home.       And    lastly,    our    old    English    father  \ 

Ennius,    I    meane,    the    learned,    wittie,    and    profound  | 

Geffrey  Chaucer,  under  the  person  of  his  knight,  doeth  I 

full  judicially  and  like  a  cunning  Cosmographer,  make  ■ 

report  of  the  long  voiages  and  woorthy  exploits  of  our  i 

English  Nobles,  Knights,  &  Gentlemen,  to  the  Northren,  i 

and  to  other  partes  of  the  world  in  his  dayes.  j 

Neither    have    we    comprehended    in    this    Volume,  i 

onely  our  Trades  and  Voiages  both  new  and  old ;  but  i 
also  have  scattered  here  and  there   (as  the  circumstance 
of  times   would  give   us   leave)   certaine  fragments  con- 
cerning  the   beginnings,   antiquities,   and    grouth   of  the 

classical  and  warrelike  shipping  of  this  Island :  as  namely,  ■ 
first  of  the  great  navie   of  that  victorious  Saxon  prince 

liv  ' 


SECOND    EDITION    1598 

king  Edgar,  mentioned  by  Florentius  Wigorniensis, 
Roger  Hoveden,  Rainulph  of  Chester,  Matthew  of 
Westminster,  Flores  historiarum,  &  in  the  libel  of 
English  policie,  pag.  202.  and  203.  of  this  present 
volume.  Of  which  Authors  some  affirme  the  sayd 
Fleet  to  have  consisted  of  4800.  others  of  4000.  some 
others  of  3600.  ships  :  howbeit  (if  I  may  presume  to 
gloze  upon  the  text)  I  verily  thinke  that  they  were  not 
comparable,  either  for  burthen,  strength,  building,  or 
nimble  stirrage  unto  the  ships  of  later  times,  and 
specially  of  this  age.  But  howsoever  it  be,  they  all 
agree  in  this,  that  by  meanes  of  the  sayd  huge  Fleet 
he  was  a  most  puissant  prince ;  yea,  and  some  of  them 
affirme  together  with  William  of  Malmesbury,  that  he 
was  not  onely  soveraigne  lord  of  all  the  British  seas, 
and  of  the  whole  Isle  of  Britaine  it  selfe,  but  also  that 
he  brought  under  his  yoke  of  subjection,  most  of  the 
Isles  and  some  of  the  maine  lands  adjacent.  And  for 
that  most  of  our  Navigators  at  this  time  bee  (for  want 
of  trade  and  practise  that  way)  either  utterly  ignorant, 
or  but  meanely  skilful!,  in  the  true  state  of  the  Seas, 
Shoulds,  and  Islands,  lying  between  the  North  part  of 
Ireland  and  of  Scotland  ;  I  have  for  their  better  en- 
couragement (if  any  weightie  action  shall  hereafter 
chance  to  drawe  them  into  those  quarters)  translated 
into  English  a  briefe  treatise  called,  A  Chronicle  of 
the  Kings  of  Man.  Wherein  they  may  behold  as  well 
the  tragical  and  dolefull  historie  of  those  parts,  for  the 
space  almost  of  300.  yeeres,  as  also  the  most  ordinarie 
and  accustomed  navigations,  through  those  very  seas, 
and  amidst  those  Northwesterne  Isles  called  the  Hebrides, 
so  many  hundred  yeeres  agoe.  For  they  shall  there 
read,  that  even  then  (when  men  were  but  rude  in  sea- 
causes  in  regard  of  the  great  knowledge  which  we  now 
have)  first  Godredus  Crovan  with  a  whole  Fleet  of 
ships,  throughly  haunted  some  places  in  that  sea  : 
secondly,  that  one  Ingemundus  setting  saile  out  of 
Norway,    arrived   upon   the    Isle    of  Lewis  :    then,    that 

ly 


PREFACE   TO   THE 

Magnus  the  king  of  Norway  came  into  the  same  seas 
with  1 60.  sailes,  and  having  subdued  the  Orkney  Isles 
in  his  way,  passed  on  in  Uke  conquering  maner,  directing 
his  course  (as  it  should  seeme)  even  through  the  very 
midst,  and  on  all  sides  of  the  Hebrides,  who  sailing 
thence  to  Man,  conquered  it  also,  proceeding  afterward 
as  farre  as  Anglesey ;  and  lastly  crossing  over  from  the 
Isle  of  Man  to  the  East  part  of  Ireland.  Yea,  there 
they  shall  read  of  Godredus  the  sonne  of  Olavus  his 
voiage  to  the  king  of  Norway,  of  his  expedition  with 
80.  ships  against  Sumerledus,  of  Sumerled  his  expedition 
with  53.  ships  against  him;  of  Godred  his  flight  and 
second  journey  into  Norway ;  of  Sumerled  his  second 
arrival  with  160.  shippes  at  Rhinfrin  upon  the  coast  of 
Man,  and  of  many  other  such  combates,  assaults,  & 
voyages  which  were  performed  onely  upon  those  seas 
&  Islands.  And  for  the  bringing  of  this  woorthy 
monument  to  light,  we  doe  owe  great  thanks  unto  the 
judiciall  and  famous  Antiquarie  M.  Camden.  But 
sithens  we  are  entred  into  a  discourse  of  the  ancient 
warrelike  shipping  of  this  land,  the  Reader  shall  give 
me  leave  to  borow  one  principall  note  out  of  this  litle 
historie,  before  I  quite  take  my  leave  thereof:  and  that 
is  in  few  words,  that  K.  John  passed  into  Ireland  with 
a  Fleet  of  500.  sailes ;  so  great  were  our  sea-forces 
even  in  his  time.  Neither  did  our  shipping  for  the 
warres  first  begin  to  flourish  with  king  John,  but  long 
before  his  dayes  in  the  reign  of  K.  Edward  the 
Confessor,  of  William  the  Conqueror,  of  William  Rufus 
and  the  rest,  there  were  divers  men  of  warre  which 
did  valiant  service  at  sea,  and  for  their  paines  were 
roially  rewarded.  All  this  and  more  then  this  you 
may  see  recorded,  pag.  17.  out  of  the  learned  Gentle- 
man M.  Lambert  his  Perambulation  of  Kent  ;  namely, 
the  antiquitie  of  the  Kentish  Cinque  ports,  which  of 
the  sea-townes  they  were,  how  they  were  infranchised, 
what  gracious  privileges  and  high  prerogatives  were 
by  divers  kings  vouchsafed  upon  them,  and  what  services 

Ivi 


SECOND    EDITION    1598 

they  were  tied  unto  in  regard  thereof;  to  wit,  how 
many  ships,  how  many  souldiers,  mariners,  Garsons, 
and  for  how  many  dayes  each  of  them,  and  all  of  them 
were  to  furnish  for  the  kings  use ;  and  lastly,  what 
great  exploits  they  performed  under  the  conduct  of 
Hubert  of  Burrough,  as  likewise  against  the  Welshmen, 
upon  200.  French  ships,  and  under  the  commaund  of 
captaine  Henry  Pay.  Then  have  you,  pag.  117.  the 
franke  and  bountifull  Charter  granted  by  king  Edward 
the  first,  upon  the  foresayd  Cinque  portes  :  &  next 
thereunto  a  Roll  of  the  mightie  fleet  of  seven  hundred 
ships  which  K.  Edward  the  third  had  with  him  unto 
the  siege  of  Caleis  :  out  of  which  Roll  (before  I  proceed 
any  further)  let  me  give  you  a  double  observation.  First, 
that  these  ships,  according  to  the  number  of  the  mariners 
which  were  in  all  141 51.  persons,  seeme  to  have  bene 
of  great  burthen  ;  and  secondly,  that  Yarmouth  an 
haven  towne  in  Northfolke  (which  I  much  wonder  at) 
set  foorth  almost  twise  as  many  ships  and  mariners,  as 
either  the  king  did  at  his  owne  costs  and  charges,  or 
as  any  one  citie  or  towne  in  England  besides.  Howbeit 
Tho.  Walsingham  maketh  plaine  and  evident  mention 
of  a  farre  greater  Fleete  of  the  same  king ;  namely,  of 
1 100.  shippes  lying  before  Sandwich,  being  all  of  them 
sufficiently  well  furnished.  Moreover,  the  Reader  may 
behold,  pag.  186,  a  notable  testimonie  of  the  mightie 
ships  of  that  valiant  prince  king  Henry  the  5.  who 
(when  after  his  great  victory  at  Agincourt  the  Frenchmen 
to  recover  Harflew  had  hired  certaine  Spanish  and 
Italian  ships  and  forces,  &  had  united  their  owne 
strength  unto  them)  sent  his  brother  John  duke  of 
Bedford  to  encounter  them,  who  bidding  them  battell, 
got  the  victory,  taking  some  of  their  ships,  and  sinking 
others,  and  putting  the  residue  to  dishonorable  flight. 
Likewise  comming  the  next  yeere  with  stronger  powers, 
and  being  then  also  overcome,  they  were  glad  to  conclude 
a  perpetuall  league  with  K.  Henry;  &  propter  eorum 
naves   (saieth    mine    Author)    that    is,   for   the  resistance 

Ivii 


PREFACE   TO   THE 

of  their  ships,  the  sayd  king  caused  such  huge  ships 
to  be  built,  quales  non  erant  in  mundo,  as  the  like  were 
not  to  be  found  in  the  whole  world  besides. 

But  to  leave  our  ancient  shipping,  and  descend  unto 
later  times ;  I  thinke  that  never  was  any  nation  blessed  of 
Jehovah,  with  a  more  glorious  and  wonderfull  victory 
upon  the  Seas,  then  our  vanquishing  of  the  dreadfull 
Spanish  Armada,  1588.  But  why  should  I  presume  to 
call  it  our  vanquishing ;  when  as  the  greatest  part  of  them 
escaped  us,  and  were  onely  by  Gods  out-stretched  arme 
overwhelmed  in  the  Seas,  dashed  in  pieces  against  the 
Rockes,  and  made  fearefull  spectacles  and  examples  of  his 
judgements  unto  all  Christendome  ?  An  excellent  dis- 
course whereof,  as  likewise  of  the  honourable  expedition 
under  two  of  the  most  noble  and  valiant  peeres  of  this 
Realme,  I  meane,  the  renoumed  Erie  of  Essex,  and  the 
right  honorable  the  lord  Charles  Howard,  lord  high 
Admirall  of  England,  made  1596.  unto  the  strong  citie  of 
Cadiz,  I  have  set  downe  as  a  double  epiphonema  to  con- 
clude this  my  first  volume  withall.  Both  of  which,  albeit 
they  ought  of  right  to  have  bene  placed  among  the 
Southerne  voyages  of  our  nation :  yet  partly  to  satisfie 
the  importunitie  of  some  of  my  special  friends,  and  partly, 
not  longer  to  deprive  the  diligent  Reader  of  two  such 
woorthy  and  long-expected  discourses ;  I  have  made  bold 
to  straine  a  litle  curtesie  with  that  methode  which  I  first 
propounded  unto  my  selfe. 

And  here  had  I  almost  forgotten  to  put  the  Reader  in 
mind  of  that  learned  and  Philosophical  treatise  of  the  true 
state  of  Iseland,  and  so  consequently  of  the  Northren 
Seas  &  regions  lying  that  way :  wherein  a  great  number 
of  none  of  the  meanest  Historiographers  and  Cosmogra- 
phers  of  later  times,  as  namely,  Munster,  Gemma  Frisius, 
Zieglerus,  Krantzius,  Saxo  Grammaticus,  Olaus  Magnus, 
Peucerus  and  others,  are  by  evident  arguments  convinced 
of  manifold  errors :  that  is  to  say,  as  touching  the  true 
situation  and  Northerly  latitude  of  that  Island,  and  of  the 
distance  thereof  from  other  places ;  touching  the  length  of 

Iviii 


SECOND   EDITION    1598 

dayes  in  Sommer  and  of  nights  in  Winter,  of  the  tempera- 
ture of  the  land  and  sea,  of  the  time  and  maner  of  the 
congealing,  continuance,  and  thawing  of  the  Ice  in  those 
Seas,  of  the  first  Discoverie  and  inhabiting  of  that  Island, 
of  the  first  planting  of  Christianitie  there,  as  likewise  of 
the  continuall  flaming  of  mountains,  strange  qualities  of 
fountains,  of  hel-mouth,  and  of  purgatorie  which  those 
authors  have  fondly  written  and  imagined  to  be  there. 
All  which  treatise  ought  to  bee  the  more  acceptable ;  first 
in  that  it  hath  brought  sound  trueth  with  it ;  and  secondly^ 
in  that  it  commeth  from  that  farre  Northren  climate  which 
most  men  would  suppose  could  not  affoord  any  one  so 
learned  a  Patrone  for  it  selfe. 

And     thus    (friendly    Reader)    thou    seest    the    briefe 
summe   and  scope  of  all   my  labours   for  the   common- 
wealths   sake,    and    thy    sake,    bestowed    upon    this    first 
Volume :    which  if  thou  shalt  as  thankefully  accept,  as  I 
have  willingly  and  freely  imparted  with  thee,  I  shall  bee 
the    better    encouraged    speedily    to    acquaint   thee    with 
those  rare,   delightfull  and  profitable  histories, 
which  I  purpose  (God  willing)  to  pub- 
lish concerning  the  Southerne 
and  Westerne   partes 
of  the  World. 


Postscriptum. 

Not  knowing  any  other  place  so  convenient,  I  am  here  to  advertise 
the  friendly  Reader  of  certaine  faultes  escaped  in  the  printing  of  this 
booke,  and  to  request  him  that  in  the  Page  54.  and  in  the  last  line  save 
two,  hee  would  in  stead  of  Kine,  read  Swine,  and  he  shall  thereby  avoid 
a  great  contradiction  :  likewise  pag.  187.  that  hee  would  unto  the  ende 
of  the  second  verse  of  the  Prologue  to  the  English  Policy,  make  supply  of 
the  word  Rest,  which  is  there  wanting:  also  pag.  221.  lin.  29.  for 
woorthinesse  read  woorthies,  &c.  Other  faults  (if  there  bee  any)  are 
(I  doubt  not)  easily  corrigible. 


lix 


PJNEGTRICK  FERSES    ON    THE  AUTHOR    ^   HIS  BOOKE. 

Elg  A7ro8j]/jiLag  Bperravodv 
riovrj/jua  Pc^apSov  rov  AWvltov^ 

T"y(i}v  6  Bpox^wj-os. 

O'^(T0L   yalav   e^ovan   /3poToi   evog   eKTrecpvacri 
o)?    aWrjXa    opav   eOvecri   -^app-a    (pvarei. 
0*9   ^e    0'    a\i7r\ayKT0<;   /ULeTeKcaOev   eOuea    irXeicrTa, 

OLKOL   jui/uLvutova'    a^iayacFTO^   echv. 
E"^o^a    ^peTTavol    S\   aWcov   a-^LcrQevTe^    epavrai, 

'iSfJL€Pai   aXXoOpowv    (pvXa   TroXucrirepea. 
TvSoug   €(T7r6pL0vg  koli    ewovg,    KSloirag   re, 

KOI    MocrYOL'9,   fcai    iravT    ea-yaTOuiiVTa    yevt], 
liOVToov   S'    oia   /uLoXicTTa   kXvtu,  KXvTog   A  KXviTog 

ypdy^ev   apKppaSecog,   juLvrj/j!    ael    ea-cro/iJievov. 


In  navales   Richardi   Hakluyti  Commentarios. 

ANglia  magnarum  foecunda  puerpera  rerum, 
sive  solum  spectes  nobile,  sive  salum ; 
Quae  quantum  sumptis  se  nobilitaverit  armis, 

sive  domi  gessit  praelia,  sive  foris ; 
Multorum  celebrant  matura  volumina :    tanta^ 

Insula  materiem  parvula  laudis  alit. 
At  se  in  quot,   qualesque,   &  quando  effuderit  oras. 

qua  fidit  ignotum  pervia  classis  iter, 
Solius  Hakluyti  decus  est,  praedivite  penna 

ostendisse  suis  civibus  ausa  mari. 

Ix 


PANEGYRICK   VERSES 

Quaecunque  idcirco  celeri  gens  Anglica  navi, 

Oceani  tristes  spernere  doctaminas, 
A  prima  generisque  &  gentis  origine  gessit, 

qua  via  per  fluctus  ulla  patere  potest, 
Sive  decus,  laudemque  secuta,  ut  &  hostibus  alas 

demeret,  atque  suis  laeta  pararet  opes : 
Hoc  opus  Hakluyti ;    cui  debet  patria  multum, 

cui  multum,  patriae  quisquis  amicus  erit. 
Qua  re  namque  magis  se  nostra  Britannia  jactat, 

quam  quod  sit  pra^ter  ca^tera  classe  potens  ? 
Quam  prius  obsessam  tenebris  sic  liberat,  ut  nunc 

quisque  sciat,  quam  sit  nobile  classis  opus. 
Quam  si  Daedalice  utemur,   surgemus  in  altum, 

sin  autem   Icarice,  quod  voret,  aequor  habet. 

Rich.   Mulcaster. 


Ejusdem  in   eundem. 

Qui  gravi  primus  cecinit  camcena 
Aureum  vellus,  proceresque  Grascos, 
quos  sibi  adjunxit  comites  Jason 

Vectus  in  Argo 
Nave,  quam  primum  secuisse  fluctus 
praedicant  salsos,  sibi  comparavit 
Inde  non  unquam  moritura  magnas 

praemia  fama^. 
Tanta  si  merces  calamum  secuta 
Unic«  navis  referentis  acta. 
Quanta  Richardum  manet  Hakluytum 

gloria  ?   cujus 
Penna  descripsit  freta  mille,  mille 
Insulae  nostrae  celeres  carinas, 
Quae  per  immensi  loca  pervolarunt 

omnia  mundi. 
Senties  gratam  patriam,  tuaeque 
Laudis  aeternum  memorem,  &  laboris  : 
Quae  tua  cura,  calamoque  totum 

ibit  in  orbem  : 

Ixi 


PANEGYRICK   VERSES 

Quam  doces  omni  studio  fovere 
Nauticum  robur,  validamque  classem. 
Hac  luet  quisquis  violentus  Anglos 

usserit  hostis. 


In  eximium  opus  R.  Hakluyti  de  Anglorum  ad 
disjunctissimas  regiones  navigationibus  Gulielmi 
Camdeni  Hexastichon. 

Nglia  quae  penitus  toto  discluditur  orbe, 
Angulus  orbis  erat,  parvus  &  orbis  erat. 
Nunc  cum  sepositos  alios  detexerit  orbes, 

Maximus  orbis  honos,  Orbis  &  orbis  erit. 
At  quid  Haklute  tibi  monstranti  base  debeat  orbis  ? 
Laus  tua,  crede  mihi,  non  erit  orbe  minor. 


A' 


I 


I 

Di  Marc'  Antonio  Pigafeta  Gentilhuomo  Vicentino.  j 

Gnota  mi  starei,  con  poco  honore  \ 
Sepolta  neir  oscure,  antiche  carte, 

S'alcun  de  figli  miei  con  spesa  &  arte  \ 
Non  havesse  hor  scoperto  il  mio  splendore. 

Ramusio  pria  pieno  d'  ardente  amore 
Manifesto  le  mie  piu  riche  parte, 

Che  son  la  dove  il  Maragnon  diparte,  | 

E  dove  il  Negro  allaga,  el  Gange  scorre,  I 

Hakluyto  poi  senza  verun  risguardo  ] 

Di  fatica  o  di  danno  accolt'  ha  insieme,  i 

Cio  c'  ha  potuto  haver  da  typhi  Inglesi.  i 

Onde  vedrassie  dove  bella  sguardo,  • 

E  la  Dwina  agghiaccia,  e  V  Obi  freme,  \ 

Et  altri  membri  miei  non  ben  palesi.  j 


Ixii 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE  IN   THE  SECOND    VOLUME 
OF   THE   SECOND   EDITION,    1599. 

To  the  Right  Honorable  Sir  Robert  Cecil  Knight, 
principall  Secretarie  to  her  Majestie,  master  of 
the  Court  of  Wardes  and  Liveries,  and  one  of 
her  Majesties  most  honourable  privie  Counsell. 

Ight  honorable,  having  newly  finished  a 
Treatise  of  the  long  Voyages  of  our 
Nation  made  into  the  Levant  within  the 
Streight  of  Gibraltar,  &  from  thence  over- 
land to  the  South  and  Southeast  parts  of 
the  world,  all  circumstances  considered,  I 
found  none  to  whom  I  thought  it  fitter  to 
bee  presented  then  to  your  selfe  :  wherein  having  begun 
at  the  highest  Antiquities  of  this  realme  under  the 
government  of  the  Romans  ;  next  under  the  Saxons  ;  and 
thirdly  since  the  conquest  under  the  Normans,  I  have 
continued  the  histories  unto  these  our  dayes.  The  time 
of  the  Romans  affoordeth  small  matter.  But  after  that 
they  were  called  hence  by  forren  invasions  of  their 
Empire,  and  the  Saxons  by  degrees  became  lords  in  this 
Hand,  and  shortly  after  received  the  Christian  faith,  they 
did  not  onely  travell  to  Rome,  but  passed  further  unto 
Jerusalem,  and  therewith  not  contented,  Sigelmus  bishop 
of  Shireburne  in  Dorcetshire  caried  the  almes  of  king 
Alfred  even  to  the  Sepulcher  of  S.  Thomas  in  India, 
(which  place  at  this  day  is  called  Maliapor)  and  brought 
from  thence  most  fragrant  spices,  and  rich  jewels  into 
England :  which  jewels,  as  William  of  Malmesburie  in 
two  sundry  treatises  writeth,  were  remaining  in  the  afore- 

Ixiii 


THE   EPISTLE    DEDICATORIE 

sayd  Cathedrall  Church  to  be  seene  even  in  his  time. 
And  this  most  memorable  voyage  into  India  is  net  onely 
mentioned  by  the  aforesayd  Malmesburie,  but  also  by 
Florentius  Wigorniensis,  a  grave  and  woorthy  Author 
which  lived  before  him,  and  by  many  others  since,  and 
even  by  M.  Foxe  in  his  first  volume  of  his  Acts  and 
Monuments  in  the  life  of  king  Alfred.  To  omit  divers 
other  of  the  Saxon  nation,  the  travels  of  Alured  bishop  of 
Worcester  through  Hungarie  to  Constantinople,  and  so 
by  Asia  the  lesse  into  Phoenicia  and  Syria,  and  the  like 
course  of  Ingulphus,  not  long  afterward  Abbot  of 
Croiland,  set  downe  particularly  by  himselfe,  are  things  in 
mine  opinion  right  worthy  of  memorie.  After  the  com- 
ming  in  of  the  Normans,  in  the  yeere  1096,  in  the  reigne 
of  William  Rufus,  and  so  downward  for  the  space  of 
above  300  yeeres,  such  was  the  ardent  desire  of  our  nation 
to  visite  the  Holy  land,  and  to  expell  the  Saracens  and 
Mahumetans,  that  not  only  great  numbers  of  Erles, 
Bishops,  Barons,  and  Knights,  but  even  Kings,  Princes, 
and  Peeres  of  the  blood  Roiall,  with  incredible  devotion, 
courage  and  alacritie  intruded  themselves  into  this 
glorious  expedition.  A  sufficient  proofe  hereof  are  the 
voiages  of  prince  Edgar  the  nephew  of  Edmund  Ironside, 
of  Robert  Curtois  brother  of  William  Rufus,  the  great 
benevolence  of  king  Henry  the  2.  and  his  vowe  to  have 
gone  in  person  to  the  succour  of  Jerusalem,  the  personall 
going  into  Palaestina  of  his  sonne  king  Richard  the  first, 
with  the  chivalrie,  wealth,  and  shipping  of  this  realme ; 
the  large  contribution  of  king  John,  and  the  travels  of 
Oliver  Fitz-Roy  his  sonne,  as  is  supposed,  with  Ranulph 
Glanvile  Erie  of  Chester  to  the  siege  of  Damiata  in 
JEgypt :  the  prosperous  voyage  of  Richard  Erie  of 
Cornwall,  elected  afterward  king  of  the  Romans,  and 
brother  to  Henry  the  3,  the  famous  expedition  of  prince 
Edward,  the  first  king  of  the  Norman  race  of  that  name ; 
the  journey  of  Henry  Erie  of  Derbie,  duke  of  Hereford, 
and  afterward  king  of  this  realme,  by  the  name  of  Henry 
the    4.    against    the   citie    of  Tunis    in    Africa,    and    his 

Ixiv 


>  ^  "^iil 

X 

H 

COND 

THE  PR 

ATIONS,    V 

and  Difcoueiiesofi 

orcuer-Iandjto  the  So 

World,at  any  rime  wjthin  tl 

Diuidcdintot 

41-^' 


i-  'i^iT 


IfllMlJlflJ 


2  ^sS-stJJ'i-^ 


iHii 


^ -sill's^  ill 

-G   Ji  ,§  -5  X"-! 


TO    SIR   ROBERT   CECIL 

preparation  of  ships  and  gallies  to  go  himselfe  into  the  Holy 
land,  if  he  had  not  on  the  sudden  bene  prevented  by- 
death  ;  the  travel  of  John  of  Holland  brother  by  the 
mothers  side  to  king  Richard  the  2  into  those  parts.  All 
these,  either  Kings,  Kings  sonnes,  or  Kings  brothers, 
exposed  themselves  with  invincible  courages  to  the 
manifest  hazard  of  their  persons,  lives,  and  livings, 
leaving  their  ease,  their  countries,  wives  and  children, 
induced  with  a  Zelous  devotion  and  ardent  desire  to 
protect  and  dilate  the  Christian  faith.  These  memorable 
enterprises  in  part  concealed,  in  part  scattered,  and  for  the 
most  part  unlooked  after,  I  have  brought  together  in  the 
best  Method  and  brevitie  that  I  could  devise.  Where- 
unto  I  have  annexed  the  losse  of  Rhodes,  which  although 
it  were  originally  written  in  French,  yet  maketh  it  as 
honourable  and  often  mention  of  the  English  nation,  as 
of  any  other  Christians  that  served  in  that  most  violent 
siege.  After  which  ensueth  the  princely  promise  of  the 
bountifull  aide  of  king  Henry  the  8  to  Ferdinando  newly 
elected  king  of  Hungarie,  against  Solyman  the  mortall 
enemie  of  Christendome.  These  and  the  like  Heroicall 
intents  and  attempts  of  our  Princes,  our  Nobilitie,  our 
Clergie,  &  our  Chivalry,  I  have  in  the  first  place  exposed 
and  set  foorth  to  the  view  of  this  age,  with  the  same 
intention  that  the  old  Romans  set  up  in  wax  in  their 
palaces  the  Statuas  or  images  of  their  worthy  ancestors ; 
whereof  Salust  in  his  treatise  of  the  warre  of  Jugurtha, 
writeth  in  this  maner :  Saepe  audivi  ego  Quintum  maxi- 
mum, Publium  Scipionem,  praeterea  civitatis  nostras 
praeclaros  viros  solitos  ita  dicere,  cum  majorum  imagines 
intuerentur,  vehementissime  animum  sibi  ad  virtutem  ac- 
cendi.  Scilicet  non  ceram  illam,  neque  figuram,  tantam 
vim  in  sese  habere,  sed  memoria  rerum  gestarum  flammam 
eam  egregiis  viris  in  pectore  crescere,  neque  prius  sedari, 
quam  virtus  eorum  famam  &  gloriam  adasquaverit.  I 
have  often  heard  (quoth  he)  how  Quintus  maximus, 
Publius  Scipio,  and  many  other  worthy  men  of  our  citie 
were  woont  to  say,  when  they  beheld  the  images  and 
I  Ixv  e 


THE    EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

portraitures  of  their  ancestors,  that  they  were  most 
vehemently  inflamed  unto  vertue.  Not  that  the  sayd 
wax  or  portraiture  had  any  such  force  at  all  in  it  selfe,  but 
that  by  the  remembring  of  their  woorthy  actes,  that  flame 
was  kindled  in  their  noble  breasts,  and  could  never  be 
quenched,  untill  such  time  as  their  owne  valure  had 
equalled  the  fame  and  glory  of  their  progenitors.  So, 
though  not  in  wax,  yet  in  record  of  writing  have  I 
presented  to  the  noble  courages  of  this  English  Monarchie, 
the  like  images  of  their  famous  predecessors,  with  hope  of 
like  efl^ect  in  their  posteritie.  And  here  by  the  way  if 
any  man  shall  think,  that  an  universall  peace  with  our 
Christian  neighbours  will  cut  off  the  emploiment  of 
the  couragious  increasing  youth  of  this  realme,  he  is 
much  deceived.  For  there  are  other  most  convenient 
emploiments  for  all  the  superfluitie  of  every  profession  in 
this  realme.  For,  not  to  meddle  with  the  state  of  Ireland, 
nor  that  of  Guiana,  there  is  under  our  noses  the  great  & 
ample  countrey  of  Virginia;  the  In-land  whereof  is  found 
of  late  to  bee  so  sweete  and  holesome  a  climate,  so  rich 
and  abundant  in  silver  mines,  so  apt  and  capable  of  all 
commodities,  which  Italy,  Spaine,  and  France  can  affoord, 
that  the  Spaniards  themselves  in  their  owne  writings 
printed  in  Madrid  1586,  and  within  few  moneths  after- 
ward reprinted  by  me  in  Paris,  and  in  a  secret  mappe  of 
those  partes  made  in  Mexico  the  yeere  before  for  the  king 
of  Spaine,  (which  originall  with  many  others  is  in  the 
custodie  of  the  excellent  Mathematician  M.  Thomas 
Hariot)  as  also  in  their  intercepted  letters  come  unto  my 
hand,  bearing  date  1595.  they  acknowledge  the  In-land  to 
be  a  better  and  richer  countrey  then  Mexico  and  Nueva 
Spania  it  selfe.  And  on  the  other  side  their  chiefest 
writers,  as  Peter  Martyr  ab  Angleria,  and  Francis  Lopez 
de  Gomara,  the  most  learned  Venetian  John  Baptista 
Ramusius,  and  the  French  Geographers,  as  namely, 
Popiliniere  and  the  rest,  acknowledge  with  one  consent, 
that  all  that  mightie  tract  of  land  from  67.  degrees  North- 
ward to  the  latitude  almost  of  Florida  was  first  discovered 

Ixvi 


TO    SIR   ROBERT    CECIL 

out  of  England,  by  the  commaundement  of  king  Henry 
the  seventh,  and  the  South  part  thereof  before  any  other 
Christian  people  of  late  hath  bene  planted  with  divers 
English  Colonies  by  the  royal  consent  of  her  sacred 
Majestie  under  the  broad  scale  of  England,  whereof  one 
as  yet  remaineth,  for  ought  we  know,  alive  in  the 
countrey.  Which  action,  if  upon  a  good  &  godly  peace 
obtained,  it  shal  please  the  Almighty  to  stirre  up  her 
Majesties  heart  to  continue  with  her  favourable  coun- 
tenance (as  upon  the  ceasing  of  the  warres  of  Granada,  hee 
stirred  up  the  spirite  of  Isabella  Queene  of  Castile,  to 
advaunce  the  enterprise  of  Columbus)  with  transporting  of 
one  or  two  thousand  of  her  people,  and  such  others  as 
upon  mine  owne  knowledge  will  most  willingly  at  their 
owne  charges  become  Adventurers  in  good  numbers  with 
their  bodies  and  goods  ;  she  shall  by  Gods  assistance,  in 
short  space,  worke  many  great  and  unlooked  for  effects, 
increase  her  dominions,  enrich  her  cofers,  and  reduce 
many  Pagans  to  the  faith  of  Christ.  The  neglecting 
hitherto  of  which  last  point  our  adversaries  daily  in  many 
of  their  bookes  full  bitterly  lay  unto  the  charge  of  the 
professors  of  the  Gospell.  No  sooner  should  we  set 
footing  in  that  pleasant  and  good  land,  and  erect  one  or 
two  convenient  Fortes  in  the  Continent,  or  in  some  Hand 
neere  the  maine,  but  every  step  we  tread  would  yeeld  us 
new  occasion  of  action,  which  I  wish  the  Gentrie  of  our 
nation  rather  to  regard,  then  to  follow  those  soft  unprofit- 
able pleasures  wherein  they  now  too  much  consume  their 
time  and  patrimonie,  and  hereafter  will  doe  much  more, 
when  as  our  neighbour  warres  being  appeased,  they  are 
like  to  have  lesse  emploiment  then  nowe  they  have, 
unlesse  they  bee  occupied  in  this  or  some  other  the  like 
expedition.  And  to  this  ende  and  purpose  give  me  leave 
(I  beseech  you)  to  impart  this  occurrent  to  your  honour- 
able and  provident  consideration  :  that  in  the  yere  one 
thousand  five  hundred  eighty  and  seven,  when  I  had 
caused  the  foure  voyages  of  Ribault,  Laudonniere,  and 
Gourges  to  Florida,  at  mine  owne  charges  to  bee  printed 

Ixvii 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

in  Paris,  which  by  the  malice  of  some  too  much  afFectioned 
to  the   Spanish   faction,   had   bene   above   twentie    yeeres 
suppressed,  assoone  as  that  booke  came  to  the  view  of  that 
reverend   and   prudent   Counseller  Monsieur  Harlac  the 
lord  chiefe  Justice  of  France,  and  certaine  other  of  the 
wisest  Judges,  in  great  choler  they  asked,  who  had  done 
such  intollerable  wrong   to  their  whole  kingdome,  as  to 
have  concealed  that  woorthie  worke  so  long  ?     Protesting 
further,  that  if  their  Kings  and  the  Estate  had  throughly 
followed  that  action,  France  had  bene  freed  of  their  long 
civill   warres,  and   the  variable  humours  of  all  sortes  of 
people  might  have  had  very  ample  and  manifold  occasions 
of  good  and  honest  emploiment  abroad  in  that  large  and 
fruitfull  Continent  of  the  West  Indies.     The  application 
of  which  sentence  unto  our  selves  I  here  omit,  hastening 
unto  the  summarie  recapitulation   of  other  matters  con- 
tained in  this  worke.     It  may  please  your  Honour  there- 
fore   to    understand,    that    the    second  part  of  this   first 
Treatise  containeth  our  auncient  trade  and  traffique  with 
English  shipping  to  the  Hands  of  Sicilie,  Candie,  and  Sio, 
which   by  good  warrant  herein  alleaged,  I   find   to  have 
bene   begun   in  the  yeere   1 5 1 1 .  and   to  have  continued 
untill  the  yeere  1552.  and  somewhat  longer.     But  shortly 
after   (as  it  seemeth)   it  was  intermitted,  or  rather  given 
over   (as   is   noted   in   master   Caspar   Campions   discreet 
letters    to    master    Michael    Lock    and    master    William 
Winter  inserted   in  this  booke)  first  by  occasion  of  the 
Turkes    expelling    of  the    foure    and   twentie   Mauneses 
or  governours  of  the  Genouois   out  of  the  He  of  Sio, 
and  by  taking  of  the  sayd    Hand  wholie  into  his  owne 
hand  in  Aprill,    1566.   sending  thither  Piali  Basha  with 
fourescore  gallies   for    that    purpose  ;    and    afterward   by 
his    growing    over    mightie    and    troublesome    in    those 
Seas,  by  the  cruell  invasion  of  Nicosia  and  Famagusta, 
and  the  whole  He  of  Cyprus  by  his  lieutenant  Generall 
Mustapha    Basha.     Which    lamentable   Tragedie   I    have 
here    againe    revived,    that    the    posteritie    may    never 
forget    what    trust    may    bee    given    to    the    oath    of    a 

Ixviii 


TO    SIR   ROBERT   CECIL 

Mahumetan,  when   hee   hath   advauntage   and   is   in   his 
choler. 

Lastly,  I  have  here  put  downe  at  large  the  happie 
renuing  and  much  increasing  of  our  interrupted  trade  in 
all  the  Levant,  accomplished  by  the  great  charges  and 
speciall  industrie  of  the  worshipfull  and  worthy  Citizens, 
Sir  Edward  Osborne  Knight,  M.  Richard  Staper,  and  M. 
William  Hareborne,  together  with  the  league  for  traffike 
onely  betweene  her  Majestie  and  the  Grand  Signior,  with 
the  great  privileges,  immunities,  and  favours  obteyned  of 
his  imperiall  Highnesse  in  that  behalfe,  the  admissions 
and  residencies  of  our  Ambassadours  in  his  stately 
Porch,  and  the  great  good  and  Christian  offices  which  her 
Sacred  Majestie  by  her  extraordinary  favour  in  that  Court 
hath  done  for  the  king  and  kingdome  of  Poland,  and 
other  Christian  Princes  :  the  traffike  of  our  Nation  in  all 
the  chiefe  Havens  of  Africa  and  Egypt :  the  searching  and 
haunting  the  very  bottome  of  the  Mediterran  Sea  to  the 
ports  of  Tripoli  and  Alexandretta,  of  the  Archipelagus,  by 
the  Turkes  now  called  The  white  sea,  even  to  the  walles 
of  Constantinople  :  the  voyages  over  land  and  by  river 
through  Aleppo,  Birrha,  Babylon  and  Balsara,  and  downe 
the  Persian  gulfe  to  Ormuz,  and  thence  by  the  Ocean  sea 
to  Goa,  and  againe  over-land  to  Bisnagar,  Cambaia,  Orixa, 
Bengala,  Aracan,  Pegu,  Malacca,  Siam,  the  langomes, 
Quicheu,  and  even  to  the  Frontiers  of  the  Empire  of 
China  :  the  former  performed  diverse  times  by  sundry  of 
our  nation,  and  the  last  great  voyage  by  M.  Ralph  Fitch, 
who  with  M.  John  Newbery  and  two  other  consorts 
departed  from  London  with  her  Majesties  letters  written 
effectually  in  their  favour  to  the  kings  of  Cambaia  and 
China  in  the  yere  1583,  who  in  the  yeere  1591.  like 
another  Paulus  Venetus  returned  home  to  the  place  of  his 
departure,  with  ample  relation  of  his  wonderfull  travailes, 
which  he  presented  in  writing  to  my  Lord  your  father  of 
honourable  memorie. 

Now  here  if  any  man  shall  take  exception  against  this 
our  new  trade  with   Turkes  and   misbeleevers,   he  shall 

Ixix 


THE    EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

shew  himselfe  a  man  of  small  experience  in  old  and  new 
Histories,  or  wilfully  lead  with  partialitie,  or  some  worse 
*  I.  Kifig.  humour.  *  For  who  knoweth  not,  that  king  Salomon 
ca/>.  5.  Qf  qI^^  entred  into  league  upon  necessitie  with  Hiram  the 
^  .  ^^"'  king  of  Tyrus,  a  gentile  ?  Or  who  is  ignorant  that  the 
French,  the  Genouois,  Florentines,  Raguseans,  Venetians, 
and  Polonians  are  at  this  day  in  league  with  the  Grand 
Signior,  and  have  beene  these  many  yeeres,  and  have  used 
trade  and  traffike  in  his  dominions  ?  Who  can  deny  that 
the  Emperor  of  Christendome  hath  had  league  with  the 
Turke,  and  payd  him  a  long  while  a  pension  for  a  part  of 
Hungarie  ?  And  who  doth  not  acknowledge,  that  either 
hath  travailed  the  remote  parts  of  the  world,  or  read  the 
Histories  of  this  later  age,  that  the  Spaniards  and 
Portugales  in  Barbaric,  in  the  Indies,  and  elsewhere,  have 
ordinarie  confederacie  and  traffike  with  the  Moores,  and 
many  kindes  of  Gentiles  and  Pagans,  and  that  which  is 
more,  doe  pay  them  pensions,  and  use  them  in  their 
service  and  warres  ?  Why  then  should  that  be  blamed  in 
us,  which  is  usuall  and  common  to  the  most  part  of  other 
Christian  nations  ?  Therefore  let  our  neighbours,  which 
have  found  most  fault  with  this  new  league  and  traffike, 
thanke  themselves  and  their  owne  foolish  pride,  whereby 
we  were  urged  to  seeke  further  to  provide  vent  for  our 
naturall  commodities.  And  herein  the  old  Greeke  pro- 
verbe  was  most  truely  verified.  That  evill  counsaile 
proveth  worst  to  the  author  and  deviser  of  the  same. 

Having  thus  farre  intreated  of  the  chiefe  contents  of 
the  first  part  of  this  second  Volume,  it  remayneth  that  I 
briefly  acquaint  your  Honor  with  the  chiefe  contents  of 
the  second  part.  It  may  therefore  please  you  to  under- 
stand, that  herein  I  have  likewise  preserved,  disposed,  and 
set  in  order  such  Voyages,  Navigations,  Traffikes,  and 
Discoveries,  as  our  Nation,  and  especially  the  worthy 
inhabitants  of  this  citie  of  London,  have  painefully 
performed  to  the  South  and  Southeast  parts  of  the  world, 
without  the  Streight  of  Gibraltar,  upon  the  coasts  of 
Africa,    about    the     Cape    of    Buona    Speran^a,    to    and 

Ixx 


TO    SIR   ROBERT    CECIL 

beyonde  the  East  India.  To  come  more  neere  unto 
particulars,  I  have  here  set  downe  the  very  originals  and 
infancie  of  our  trades  to  the  Canarian  Hands,  to  the 
kingdomes  of  Barbaric,  to  the  mightie  rivers  of  Senega 
and  Gambra,  to  those  of  Madrabumba,  and  Sierra  Leona, 
and  the  Isles  of  Cape  Verde,  with  twelve  sundry  voyages 
to  the  sultry  kingdomes  of  Guinea  and  Benin,  to  the  Isle 
of  San  Thome,  with  a  late  and  true  report  of  the  weake 
estate  of  the  Portugales  in  Angola,  as  also  the  whole 
course  of  the  Portugale  Caracks  from  Lisbon  to  the  barre 
of  Goa  in  India,  with  the  disposition  and  qualitie  of  the 
climate  neere  and  under  the  Equinoctiall  line,  the  sundry 
infallible  markes  and  tokens  of  approching  unto,  and 
doubling  of  The  Cape  of  good  Hope,  the  great  variation 
of  the  compasse  for  three  or  foure  pointes  towards  the 
East  betweene  the  Meridian  of  S.  Michael  one  of  the 
Islands  of  the  Azores,  and  the  aforesaid  Cape,  with 
the  returne  of  the  needle  againe  due  North  at  the  Cape 
Das  Agulias,  and  that  place  being  passed  outward  bound, 
the  swarving  backe  againe  thereof  towards  the  West, 
proportionally  as  it  did  before,  the  two  wayes,  the  one 
within  and  the  other  without  the  Isle  of  S.  Laurence,  the 
dangers  of  privie  rockes  and  quicksands,  the  running  seas, 
and  the  perils  thereof,  with  the  certaine  and  undoubted 
signes  of  land.  All  these  and  other  particularities  are 
plainly  and  truely  here  delivered  by.  one  Thomas  Stevens 
a  learned  Englishman,  who  in  the  yeere  1579  going  as  a 
passenger  in  the  Portugale  Rleete  from  Lisbon  into  India, 
wrote  the  same  from  Goa  to  his  father  in  England  : 
Whereunto  I  have  added  the  memorable  voyage  of  M. 
James  Lancaster,  who  doth  not  onely  recount  and  confirme 
most  of  the  things  above  mentioned,  but  also  doth 
acquaint  us  with  the  state  of  the  voyage  beyond  Cape 
Comori,  and  the  Isle  of  Ceilon,  with  the  Isles  of  Nicubar 
and  Gomes  Polo  lying  within  two  leagues  of  the  rich 
Island  Samatra,  and  those  of  Pulo  Pinaon,  with  the 
maine  land  of  Jun9alaon  and  the  streight  of  Malacca. 
I    have    likewise    added    a    late    intercepted    letter    of  a 

Ixxi 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

Portugall  revealing  the  secret  and  most  gainefuU  trade 
of  Pegu,  which  is  also  confirmed  by  Caesar  Fredericke  a 
Venetian,  and  M.  Ralph  Fitch  now  living  here  in  London. 

And  because  our  chiefe  desire  is  to  find  out  ample  vent 
of  our  wollen  cloth,  the  naturall  commoditie  of  this  our 
Realme,  the  fittest  places,  which  in  al  my  readings  and 
observations  I  find  for  that  purpose,  are  the  manifold 
Islands  of  Japan,  &  the  Northern  parts  of  China,  &  the 
regions  of  the  Tartars  next  adjoyning  (whereof  I  read, 
that  the  countrey  in  winter  is  Assi  fria  como  Flandes,  that 
is  to  say,  as  cold  as  Flanders,  &  that  the  rivers  be 
strongly  overfrozen)  and  therefore  I  have  here  inserted 
two  speciall  Treatises  of  the  sayd  Countries,  the  one 
beginning  pag.  68,  the  other,  pag.  88  :  which  last  dis- 
course 1  hold  to  be  the  most  exact  of  those  parts  that  is 
yet  come  to  light,  which  was  printed  in  Latine  in  Macao 
a  citie  of  China,  in  China-paper,  in  the  yeere  a  thousand 
HvG  hundred  and  ninetie,  and  was  intercepted  in  the 
great  Carack  called  Madre  de  Dios  two  yeeres  after, 
inclosed  in  a  case  of  sweete  Cedar  wood,  and  lapped  up 
almost  an  hundred  fold  in  fine  calicut-cloth,  as  though  it 
had  beene  some  incomparable  Jewell. 

But  leaving  abruptly  this  discourse,  I  thinke  it  not 
impertinent,  before  I  make  an  end,  to  deliver  some  of  the 
reasons,  that  moved  me  to  present  this  part  of  my 
travailes  unto  your  Honour.  The  reverend  antiquitie  in 
the  dedication  of  their  workes  made  choyse  of  such 
patrons,  as  eyther  with  their  reputation  and  credite  were 
able  to  countenance  the  same,  or  by  their  wisedome  and 
understanding  were  able  to  censure  and  approove  them, 
or  with  their  abilitie  were  likely  to  stand  them  or  theirs  in 
steade  in  the  ordinarie  necessities  and  accidents  of  their 
life.  Touching  the  first,  your  descent  from  a  father,  that 
was  accounted  Pater  patriae,  your  owne  place  and  credite 
in  execution  of  her  Majesties  inward  counsailes  and  pub- 
like services,  added  to  your  well  discharging  your  forren 
imployment  (when  the  greatest  cause  in  Christendome 
was  handled)  have  not  onely  drawen  mens  eyes  upon  you, 

Ixxii 


TO    SIR   ROBERT    CECIL 

but  also  forcibly  have  moved  many,  and  my  selfe  among 
the  rest  to  have  our  labours  protected  by  your  authoritie. 
For  the  second  point,  when  it  pleased  your  Honour  in 
sommer  was  two  yeeres  to  have  some  conference  with  me, 
and  to  demaund  mine  opinion  touching  the  state  of  the 
Country  of  Guiana,  and  whether  it  were  fit  to  be  planted 
by  the  English  :  I  then  (to  my  no  small  joy)  did  admire 
the  exact  knowledge  which  you  had  gotten  of  those 
matters  of  Indian  Navigations :  and  how  carefull  you 
were,  not  to  be  overtaken  with  any  partiall  affection  to  the 
Action,  appeared  also,  by  the  sound  arguments  which  you 
made  pro  &  contra,  of  the  likelihood  and  reason  of  good 
or  ill  successe  of  the  same,  before  the  State  and  common 
wealth  (wherein  you  have  an  extraordinarie  voyce)  should 
be  farther  engaged.  In  consideration  whereof  I  thinke 
my  selfe  thrise  happie  to  have  these  my  travailes  censured 
by  your  Honours  so  well  approved  judgement.  Touch- 
ing the  third  and  last  motive  I  cannot  but  acknowledge 
my  selfe  much  indebted  for  your  favourable  letters  here- 
tofore written  in  my  behalfe  in  mine  honest  causes. 
Whereunto  I  may  adde,  that  when  this  worke  was  to 
passe  unto  the  presse,  your  Honour  did  not  onely 
intreate  a  worthy  knight,  a  person  of  speciall  experience, 
as  in  many  others  so  in  marine  causes,  to  oversee  and 
peruse  the  same,  but  also  upon  his  good  report  with  your 
most  favourable  letters  did  warrant,  and  with  extra- 
ordinarie commendation  did  approve  and  allow  my 
labours,  and  desire  to  publish  the  same.  Wherefore  to 
conclude,  seeing  they  take  their  life  and  light  from 
the  most  cheerefull  and  benigne  aspect  of  your  favour,  I 
thinke  it  my  bounden  dutie  in  all  humilitie  and  with 
much  bashfulnesse  to  recommend  my  selfe  and  them  unto 
your  right  Honorable  and  favourable  protection,  and 
your  Honour  to  the  mercifull  tuition  of  the  most  High. 
From  London  this  24.  of  October.  1599. 

Your  Honors  most  humble 
to  be  commanded, 

Richard  Hakluyt  preacher. 


THE    EPISTLE    DEDICATORIE   IN   THE    THIRD    FOLUME 
OF   THE    SECOND    EDITION,    1600. 

To  the  Right  Honourable  Sir  Robert  Cecil  Knight, 
principall  Secretary  to  her  Majestic,  master  of 
the  Court  of  Wards  and  Liveries,  and  one  of 
her  Majesties  most  honourable  privie  Councel. 

Ight  honourable,  your  favourable  accep- 
tance of  my  second  volume  of  The  English 
voyages  offred  unto  you  the  last  yere, 
your  perusing  of  the  same  at  your  con- 
venient leasure,  your  good  testimony  of 
my  selfe  and  of  my  travailes  therein, 
together  with  the  infallible  signes  of  your 
earnest  desire  to  doe  mee  good,  which  very  lately,  when 
I  thought  least  thereof,  brake  forth  into  most  bountiful 
and  acceptable  eifects:  these  considerations  have  throughly 
animated  and  encouraged  me  to  present  unto  your  pru- 
dent censure  this  my  third  and  last  volume  also.  The 
subject  and  matter  herein  contained  is  the  fourth  part 
of  the  world,  which  more  commonly  then  properly  is 
called  America :  but  by  the  chiefest  authors  The  new 
world.  New,  in  regard  of  the  new  and  late  discovery 
thereof  made  by  Christopher  Colon,  alias  Columbus,  a 
Genouois  by  nation,  in  the  yere  of  grace  1492.  And 
world,  in  respect  of  the  huge  extension  thereof,  which 
to  this  day  is  not  throughly  discovered,  neither  within 
the  Inland  nor  on  the  coast,  especially  toward  the  North 
and  Northwest,  although  on  the  hither  side  it  be  knowen 
unto  us  for  the  space  of  five  thousand  leagues  at  the  least, 
compting  and  considering  the  trending  of  the  land,  and 

Ixxiv 


iM^ 


H 


«    gof^ 

»       t^     "   s 

.0    c  3  o 

C3  2  s^. 

."'.^  ^  = 

^IIJ 

tJJI 

8ng 
snot 

fthefe 

C  «  o  0^ 

■>ko  £  §  2 

1;    ^•J'^c 


g      -a  ^"  ■£«.;!  "5. 
£5  ^A^2^Z 


is 


TO    SIR   ROBERT   CECIL 

for  3000.  more  on  the  backeside  in  the  South  Sea  from 
the  Streight  of  Magellan  to  Cape  Mendo9ino  and  Nova 
Albion.  So  that  it  seemeth  very  fitly  to  be  called  A  newe 
worlde.  Howbeit  it  cannot  be  denied  but  that  Antiquitie 
had  some  kinde  of  dimme  glimse,  and  unperfect  notice 
thereof  Which  may  appeare  by  the  relation  of  Plato  in 
his  two  worthy  dialogues  of  Timaeus  and  Critias  under 
the  discourse  of  that  mighty  large  yland  called  by  him 
Atlantis,  lying  in  the  Ocean  sea  without  the  Streight  of 
Hercules,  now  called  the  Streight  of  Gibraltar,  being  (as 
he  there  reporteth)  bigger  then  Africa  &  Asia  :  And 
by  that  of  Aristotle  in  his  booke  De  admirandis  audition- 
ibus  of  the  long  navigation  of  certaine  Carthaginians, 
who  sayling  forth  of  the  aforesaid  Streight  of  Gibraltar 
into  the  maine  Ocean  for  the  space  of  many  dayes,  in 
the  ende  found  a  mighty  and  fruitfull  yland,  which 
they  would  have  inhabited,  but  were  forbidden  by  their 
Senate  and  chiefe  governours.  Moreover,  above  300. 
yeeres  after  these  wee  have  the  testimony  of  Diodorus 
Siculus  lib.  5.  cap.  7.  of  the  like  mighty  yland  discovered 
in  the  Westerne  Ocean  by  the  Tyrrheni,  who  were  for- 
bidden for  certaine  causes  to  inhabite  the  same  by  the 
foresaid  Carthaginians.  And  Seneca  in  his  tragedie 
intituled  Medea  foretold  above  1500.  yeeres  past,  that  in 
the  later  ages  the  Ocean  would  discover  new  worlds,  and 
that  the  yle  of  Thule  would  no  more  be  the  uttermost 
limite  of  the  earth.  For  whereas  Virgile  had  said  to  Au- 
gustus Caesar,  Tibi  serviat  ultima  Thule,  alluding  there- 
unto he  contradicteth  the  same,  and  saith,  Nee  sit  terris 
ultima  Thule.  Yea  Tertullian  one  of  our  most  ancient 
and  learned  divines,  in  the  beginning  of  his  treatise  de 
Pallio  alludeth  unto  Plato  his  Westerne  Atlantis,  which 
there  by  another  name  he  calleth  Aeon,  saying.  Aeon  in 
Atlantico  nunc  quaeritur.  And  in  his  40.  chapter  de 
Apologetico  he  reporteth  the  same  to  be  bigger  then  all 
Africa  and  Asia.  Of  this  New  world  and  every  speciall 
part  thereof  in  this  my  third  volume  I  have  brought  to 
light  the  best  &  most   perfect  relations  of  such  as  were 

Ixxv 


THE    EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

chiefe  actours  in  the  particular  discoveries  and  serches  of 
the  same,  giving  unto  every  man  his  right,  and  leaving 
every  one  to  mainteine  his  owne  credit.  The  order 
observed  in  this  worke  is  farre  more  exact,  then  here- 
tofore I  could  attaine  unto  :  for  whereas  in  my  two  former 
volumes  I  was  enforced  for  lacke  of  sufficient  store,  in 
divers  places  to  use  the  methode  of  time  onely  (which 
many  worthy  authors  on  the  like  occasion  are  enforced 
unto)  being  now  more  plentifully  furnished  with  matter, 
I  alwayes  follow  the  double  order  of  time  and  place. 
Wherefore  proposing  unto  my  selfe  the  right  situation 
of  this  New  world,  I  begin  at  the  extreme  Northerne 
limite,  and  put  downe  successively  in  one  ranke  or  classis, 
according  to  the  order  aforesaide,  all  such  voyages  as 
have  bene  made  to  the  said  part :  which  comming  all 
together,  and  following  orderly  one  upon  another,  doe 
much  more  lighten  the  readers  understanding,  and  con- 
firme  his  judgement,  then  if  they  had  bene  scattered 
in  sundry  corners  of  the  worke.  Which  methode  I 
observe  from  the  highest  North  to  the  lowest  South. 
Now  where  any  country  hath  bene  but  seldome  hanted, 
or  any  extraordinary  and  chiefe  action  occurreth,  if  I 
finde  one  voyage  well  written  by  two  severall  persons, 
sometimes  I  make  no  difficultie  to  set  downe  both  those 
journals,  as  finding  divers  things  of  good  moment  observed 
in  the  one,  which  are  quite  omitted  in  the  other.  For 
commonly  a  souldier  observeth  one  thing,  and  a  mariner 
another,  and  as  your  honour  knoweth.  Plus  vident  oculi, 
quam  oculus.  But  this  course  I  take  very  seldome  and 
sparingly.  And  albeit  my  worke  do  carry  the  title  of 
The  English  voyages,  aswell  in  regard  that  the  greatest 
part  are  theirs,  and  that  my  travaile  was  chiefly  undertaken 
for  preservation  of  their  memorable  actions,  yet  where  our 
owne  mens  experience  is  defective,  there  I  have  bene  care- 
ful to  supply  the  same  with  the  best  and  chiefest  relations 
of  strangers.  As  in  the  discovery  of  the  Grand  Bay,  of  the 
mighty  river  of  S.  Laurence,  of  the  countries  of  Canada, 
Hochelaga,  and    Saguenay,   of    Florida,   and    the  Inland 

Ixxvi 


TO    SIR   ROBERT    CECIL 

of  Cibola,  Tiguex,  Cicuic,  and  Quivira,  of  The  gulfe 
of  California,  &  the  Northwesterne  sea-coast  to  Cabo 
Mendogino  and  Sierra  Nevada :  as  also  of  the  late  &  rich 
discovery  of  15.  provinces  on  the  backside  of  Florida  and 
Virginia,  the  chiefest  wherof  is  called  the  kingdome  of 
New  Mexico,  for  the  wealth,  civil  government,  and  popu- 
lousnesse  of  the  same.  Moreover,  because  since  our  warres 
with  Spaine,  by  the  taking  of  their  ships,  and  sacking  of 
their  townes  and  cities,  most  of  all  their  secrets  of  the 
West  Indies,  and  every  part  thereof  are  fallen  into  our 
peoples  hands  (which  in  former  time  were  for  the  most 
part  unknowen  unto  us,)  I  have  used  the  uttermost  of 
my  best  endevour,'  to  get,  and  having  gotten,  to  translate 
out  of  Spanish,  and  here  in  this  present  volume  to  publish 
such  secrets  of  theirs,  as  may  any  way  availe  us  or  annoy 
them,  if  they  drive  and  urge  us  by  their  sullen  insolencies, 
to  continue  our  courses  of  hostilitie  against  them,  and 
shall  cease  to  seeke  a  good  and  Christian  peace  upon 
indifferent  and  equal  conditions.  What  these  things  be, 
and  of  how  great  importance  your  honour  in  part  may 
understand,  if  it  please  you  to  vouchsafe  to  reade  the 
Catalogues  conteyning  the  14.  principal  heads  of  this 
worke.  Whereby  your  honor  may  farther  perceive  that 
there  is  no  chiefe  river,  no  port,  no  towne,  no  citie,  no 
province  of  any  reckoning  in  the  West  Indies,  that  hath 
not  here  some  good  description  thereof,  aswell  for  the 
inland  as  the  seast-coast.  And  for  the  knowledge  of 
the  true  breadth  of  the  Sea  betweene  Nova  Albion  on  the 
Northwest  part  of  America,  and  the  yle  of  Japan  lying 
over  against  the  kingdomes  of  Coray  and  China,  which 
until  these  foure  yeeres  was  never  reveiled  unto  us,  being 
a  point  of  exceeding  great  consequence,  I  have  here 
inserted  the  voyage  of  one  Francis  Gualle  a  Spaniard 
made  from  Acapulco  an  haven  on  the  South  sea  on  the 
coast  of  New  Spaine,  first  to  the  Philippinas,  and  then  to 
the  citie  of  Macao  in  China,  and  homeward  from  Macao 
by  the  yles  of  Japan,  and  thence  to  the  back  of  the  West 
Indies    in   the   Northerly  latitude   of  37.  degrees  |-.     In 

Ixxvii 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

regions,  which  to  good  purpose  may  serve  our  peoples 
turnes,  if  they  chance  to  prosecute  the  intermitted 
discovery  by  the  Northwest,  whereunto  1  finde  divers 
worshipfull  citizens  at  this  present  much  incHned.  Now 
because  long  since  I  did  foresee,  that  my  profession  of 
divinitie,  the  care  of  my  family,  and  other  occasions 
might  call  and  divert  me  from  these  kinde  of  endevours, 
1  have  for  these  3.  yeeres  last  past  encouraged  and 
furthered  in  these  studies  of  Cosmographie  and  forren 
histories,  my  very  honest,  industrious,  and  learned  friend 
M.  John  Pory,  one  of  speciall  skill  and  extraordinary 
hope  to  performe  great  matters  in  the  same,  and  beneficial 
for  the  common  wealth. 

Thus    Sir  I   have    portrayed  out   in    rude    lineaments 

my  Westerne  Atlantis   or  America  :    assuring    you,   that 

if  I    had  bene  able,  I  would    have  limned   her  and   set 

her  out  with  farre  more  lively  and  exquisite  colours  :   yet, 

as  she  is,  I  humbly  desire  you  to  receive  her  with  your 

wonted  and  accustomed  favour  at  my  handes,  who  alwayes 

wil  remaine  most  ready  and  devoted  to  do  your  honour 

any  poore  service  that  I  may  ;  and  in  the  meane  season 

will    not    faile    unfainedly    to    beseech   the   Almighty   to 

powre    upon    you    the    best    of  his    temporall    blessings 

in    this    world,    and    after    this    life    ended    with     true 

and   much   honour,  to   make  you   partaker    of 

his  joyes  eternall.     From  London  the 

first  of  September,  the  yeere 

of  our  Lord  God 

1600. 

Your  Honours  most  humble  to 
be  commanded, 

Richard  Hakluyt,  Preacher. 


f^ 


I 


''iM  M 


..<s       \/^    [.^M\J^     I^TIV5QV£     MVNDJ    NOTA   511    MAGNITVDO    CICERO' 


s\j^:^ 


THE   FIRST   VOLUME 


OF    THE 


Principall  Navigations,  Voyages,  Traffiques 
and  Discoveries  of  the  English  Nation 

Made  to  the  North  and  Northeast  quarters  of  the 

World,  with  the  directions,  letters,  priviledges 

discourses,  and  observations  incident 

to  the  same 


Certeine    testimonies    concerning    K.    Arthur    and  [I-  ^-l 
his     conquests     of    the    North    regions,    taken 
out  of  the  historic  of  the    Kings  of   Britaine, 
written  by  Galfridus  Monumetensis,  and  newly 
printed  at  Heidelberge,  Anno    1587. 

Lib.   9.   cap.    10. 

Nno  Christi,  517.  Arthurus,  secundo 
regni  sui  anno,  subjugatis  totius  Hyber- 
ni^  partibus,  classem  suam  direxit  in 
Islandiam,  eamque  debellato  populo  sub- 
jugavit.  Exin  divulgate  per  caeteras  insulas 
rumore,  quod  ei  nulla  Provincia  resistere 
poterat,  Doldavius  rex  Gotlandiae,  &  Gun- 
facius  rex  Orcadum  ultro  venerunt,  promissoque  vectigali 
subjectionem  fecerunt.  Emensa  deinde  hyeme,  reversus 
est  in  Britanniam,  statumque  regni  in  firmam  pacem 
renovans,  moram  duodecim  annis  ibidem  fecit. 

The  same  in  English. 

IN  the  yere  of  Christ,  517.  king  Arthur  in  the  second 
yeere  of  his  reigne,  having  subdued  all  parts  of 
Ireland,  sailed  with  his  fleet  into  Island,  and  brought  it 
and  the  people  thereof  under  his  subjection.  The 
rumour  afterwards  being  spread  thorowout  all  the  other 
Islands,  that  no  countrey  was  able  to  withstand  him, 
Doldavius  the  king  of  Gotland,  and  Gunfacius  the  king 
of  Orkney,  came  voluntarily  unto  him,  and  yeelded  him 
their  obedience,    promising    to    pay    him    tribute.       The 

3 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES  j 

517-  I 

Winter  being  spent,  he  returned  into  Britaine,  and  estab-   ' 

lishing  his  kingdome  in  perfect  peace,  he  continued  there   j 

for  the  space  of  twelve  yeres. 

Lib.   9   cap.    12.  ' 

Missis  deinde  in  diversa  regna  Legatis,  invitantur  tarn  j 
ex  Galliis,  quam  ex  collateralibus  Insulis  Oceani,  j 
qui  ad  curiam  venire  deberent,  &c.  Et  paulo  post  :  Ex  | 
collateralibus  autem  Insulis,  Guillaumurius  rex  Hyberniae, 
Malvasius  rex  Islandiae,  Doldavius  rex  Gotlandiae,  Gun-  ■ 
nasius  rex  Orchadum,  Lot  rex  Noruegias,  Aschilius  rex 
Danorum.  '■ 

The  same  in  English.  ' 

AFter  that  king  Arthur  sending  his  messengers  into  | 
divers  kingdomes,  he  summoned  such  as  were  to  ! 
come  to  his  Court,  aswell  out  of  France,  as  out  of  the  | 
adjacent  Islands  of  the  sea,  &c.  and  a  little  after  :  From  j 
those  adjacent  Islands  came  Guillaumurius  king  of  ' 
Ireland,  Malvasius  king  of  Island,  Doldavius  king  of  ; 
Gotland,  Gunnasius  king  of  Orkney,  Lot  the  king  of  Nor-  j 
way,  and  Aschilius  the  king  of  Denmarke.  ! 

Lib.   9  cap.    19. 

AT  reges  caeterarum  Insularum,  quoniam  non  duxer-  . 
ant  in  morem  equites  habere,  pedites  quot  quisque  j 
debebat,  promittunt,  ita  ut  ex  sex  Insulis,  videlicet,  j 
Hyberniae,  Islandiae,  Gotlandiae,  Orcadum,  Noruegiae,  ! 
atque  Daciae,  sexies  viginti  millia  essent  annumerata.  j 


B 


[I.  2.]  The  same  in  English.  I 

Ut   the   kings   of  the   other    Islands,   because  it  was 
not  their  custome  to  breed  up  horses,  promised  the 

king    as    many   footmen,   as    every   m.an    was    bound    to  ! 

send  :  so  that  out  of  the  six  Islands,  namely,  of  Ireland,  | 

Island,  Gotland,    Orkney,    Norway,  and    Denmarke,  the  ; 

king  had  sixe  score  thousand  souldiers  sent  him.  ! 

4  \ 


KING   ARTHUR  ad. 

517. 
A    testimonie    of    the    right    and    appendances    of 
the     crowne     of    the     kingdome    of    Britaine, 
taken   out   of   M.  Lambard   his  A'pKaiovo/mia,  fol. 
137.  pag.   2. 

ARthurus  qui  fuit  quondam  inclytissimus  Rex  Brit- 
onum,  vir  magnus  fuit  &  animosus,  &  miles 
illustris.  Parum  fuit  ei  regnum  istud,  non  fuit  animus 
ejus  contentus  regno  Britanniae.  Subjugavit  igitur  sibi 
strenue  Scantiam  totam,  quae  modo  Norweia  vocatur,  & 
omnes  insulas  ultra  Scantiam,  scz.  Islandiam,  &  Grenlan- 
diam,  quae  sunt  de  appendiciis  Norweiae,  &  Suechordam, 
&  Hyberniam,  &  Gutlandiam,  &  Daciam,  Semelandiam, 
Winlandiam,  Curlandiam,  Roe,  Femelandiam,  Wirelan- 
diam,  Flandriam,  Cherelam,  Lappam,  &  omnes  alias  terras 
&  insulas,  Orientalis  Oceani  usque  Russiam  (in  Lappa 
scilicet  posuit  Orientalem  metam  regni  Britanniae)  & 
multas  insulas  ultra  Scantiam,  usque  dum  sub  Septen- 
trione,  quae  sunt  de  appendicibus  Scantiae,  quae  modo 
Norweia  vocatur.  Fuerunt  autem  ibi  Christiani  occulte. 
Arthurus  autem  Christianus  optimus  fuit,  &  fecit  eos 
baptizari,  &  unum  Deum  per  totam  Norweiam  venerari, 
&  unam  fidem  Christi  semper  inviolatam  custodire,  & 
suscipere.  Ceperunt  universi  proceres  Norweiae  uxores 
suas  de  nobili  gente  Britonum  tempore  illo,  unde  Nor- 
wegienses  dicunt  se  exiisse  de  gente  &  sanguine  regni 
hujus.  Impetravit  enim  temporibus  illis  Arthurus  rex 
a  domino  Papa,  &  a  Curia  Romana,  quod  confirmata  sit 
Norweia,  in  perpetuum  coronae  Britanniae  in  augmentum 
regni  hujus,  vocavitque  illam  dictus  Arthurus  Cameram 
Britanniae.  Hac  vero  de  causa  dicunt  Norwegienses,  se 
debere  in  regno  isto  cohabitare  &  dicunt  se  esse  de 
corpore  regni  hujus,  scilicet  de  corona  Britanniae.  Malu- 
erunt  enim  manere  in  regno  isto,  quam  in  terra  eorum 
propria.  Terra  enim  eorum  arida  est,  &  montuosa,  & 
sterilis,  &  non  sunt  ibi  segetes  nisi  per  loca.  Ista  vero 
opulenta  est,  &  fertilis,  &  crescunt  hie  segetes,  &  caetera 
universa.     Qua  ex  causa  saepius  per  vices  gesta  sunt  bella 

5 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

517- 

atrocissima  inter  Anglos  &  Norwegienses,  &  interfecti 
sunt  innumerabiles.  Occupaverunt  vero  Norwegienses 
terras  multas  &  insulas  regni  hujus,  quas  adhuc  detinent 
occupatas,  nee  potuerunt  unquam  postea  penitus  evelli. 
Tandem  modo  confederati  sunt  nobis  fide,  &  sacramento, 
&  per  uxores  suas,  quas  postea  ceperunt  de  sanguine 
nostro,  &  per  affinitates,  &  conjugia.  Ita  demum  con- 
stituit,  &  eis  concessit  bonus  rex  Edouardus  propinquus 
noster  (qui  fuit  optimus  filius  pacis)  per  commune  con- 
silium totius  regni.  Qua  de  causa  possent,  &  debent 
prasdicti  de  caetero  nobiscum  cohabitare,  &  remanere  in 
regno,  sicut  conjurati  fratres  nostri. 

The  same  in  English. 

ARthur  which  was  som.etimes  the  most  renowmed 
king  of  the  Britains,  was  a  mightie,  and  valiant 
man,  and  a  famous  warriour.  This  kingdome  was  too 
litle  for  him,  &  his  minde  was  not  contented  with  it. 
He  therefore  valiantly  subdued  all  Scantia,  which  is  now 
called  Norway,  and  all  the  Islands  beyond  Norway,  to  wit. 
Island  and  Greenland,  which  are  apperteining  unto  Nor- 
way, Sweveland,  Ireland,  Gotland,  Denmarke,  Semeland, 
Windland,  Curland,  Roe,  Femeland,  Wireland,  Flanders, 
Cherilland,  Lapland,  and  all  the  other  lands  &  Islands  of 
the  East  sea,  even  unto  Russia  (in  which  Lapland  he 
placed  the  Easterly  bounds  of  his  Brittish  Empire)  and 
many  other  Islands  beyond  Norway,  even  under  the 
North  pole,  which  are  appendances  of  Scantia,  now  called 
Norway.  These  people  were  wild  and  savage,  and  had 
not  in  them  the  love  of  God  nor  of  their  neighbors, 
because  all  evill  commeth  from  the  North,  yet  there  were 
among  them  certeine  Christians  living  in  secret.  But 
king  Arthur  was  an  exceeding  good  Christian,  and  caused 
them  to  be  baptized,  and  thorowout  all  Norway  to  worship 
one  God,  and  to  receive  and  keepe  Inviolably  for  ever, 
faith  in  Christ  onely.  At  that  time  all  the  noble  men  of 
Norway  tooke  wives  of  the  noble  nation  of  the  Britaines, 
whereupon  the  Norses  say,  that  they  are  descended  of  the 

6 


KING   MALGO  ad. 

580. 
race  and  blood  of  this  kingdome.  The  aforesayd  king 
Arthur  obteined  also  in  those  dayes  of  the  Pope  &  court 
of  Rome,  that  Norway  should  be  for  ever  annexed  to  the 
crowne  of  Britaine  for  the  inlargement  of  this  kingdome, 
and  he  called  it  the  chamber  of  Britaine.  For  this  cause 
the  Norses  say,  that  they  ought  to  dwell  with  us  in  this 
kingdome,  to  wit,  that  they  belong  to  the  crowne  of 
Britaine  :  for  they  had  rather  dwell  here  then  in  their 
owne  native  countrey,  which  is  drieand  full  of  mountaines,  [I.  3.] 
and  barren,  and  no  graine  growing  there,  but  in  certeine 
places.  But  this  countrey  of  Britaine  is  fruitfull,  wherein 
corne  and  all  other  good  things  do  grow  and  increase  :  for 
which  cause  many  cruell  battels  have  bene  oftentimes 
fought  betwixt  the  Englishmen  and  the  people  of  Norway, 
and  infinite  numbers  of  people  have  bene  slaine,  &  the 
Norses  have  possessed  many  lands  and  Islands  of  this 
Empire,  which  unto  this  day  they  doe  possesse,  neither 
could  they  ever  afterwards  be  fully  expelled.  But  now  at 
length  they  are  incorporated  with  us  by  the  receiving  of 
our  religion  and  sacraments,  and  by  taking  wives  of  our 
nation,  and  by  affinitie,  and  mariages.  For  so  the  good 
king  Edward  (who  was  a  notable  mainteiner  of  peace) 
ordeined  and  granted  unto  them  by  the  generall  consent 
of  the  whole  kingdome,  so  that  the  people  may,  and 
ought  from  hencefoorth  dwell  and  remaine  in  this  king- 
dome  with  us  as  our  loving  sworne  brethren. 

A  testimonie  out  of  the  foresayd  Galfridus  Monu- 
metensis,  concerning  the  conquests  of  Malgo, 
king  of  England.      Lib.    11.   cap.   7. 

Ortiporio  successit  Malgo,  omnium  fere  Britanniae 


\&V 


I  pulcherrimus,  multorum  tyrannorum  depulsor, 
robustus  armis,  largior  caeteris,  &  ultra  modum 
probitate  praeclarus.  Hie  etiam  totam  Insulam  obtinuit, 
&  sex  conprovinciales  Oceani  Insulas  :  Hyberniam  vide- 
licet, atque  Islandiam,  Gotlandiam,  Orcades,  Noruegiam, 
Daciam,  adjecit  dirissimis  praeliis  potestati  suae. 

7 


M 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

580. 

The  same  in  English. 

Algo  succeeded  Vortiporius  which  was  the  goodliest 
man  in  person  of  all  Britaine,  a  prince  that  expulsed 
many  tyrants.  He  was  strong  and  valiant  in  warre,  taller 
then  most  men  that  then  lived,  and  exceeding  famous  for 
his  vertues.  This  king  also  obteined  the  government  of 
the  whole  Island  of  Britaine,  and  by  most  sharpe  battailes 
he  recovered  to  his  Empire  the  sixe  Islands  of  the  Ocean 
sea,  which  before  had  bene  made  tributaries  by  king 
Arthur,  namely  Ireland,  Island,  Gotland,  Orkney,  Norway, 
and  Denmarke. 


The  conquest  of  the  Isles  of  Anglesey  and  Man 
by  Edwin  the  Saxon  king  of  Northumberland 
v^ritten  in  the  second  Booke  and  fift  Chapter 
of  Beda  his  Ecclesiasticall  historic  of  the  English 
nation. 

Duinus  Nordanhumbrorum  gentis,  id  est,  ejus  quas 
ad  borealem  Humbri  fluminis  plagam  inhabitat, 
majore  potentia  cunctis  qui  Britanniam  incolunt, 
Anglorum  pariter  &  Britonum  populis  praefuit,  praeter 
Cantuarios  tantum,  necnon  &  Menavias  Britonum  insulas, 
quae  inter  Hiberniam  &  Britanniam  sitae  sunt,  Anglorum 
subjecit  potestati. 

The  same  in  English. 

EDwin  king  of  the  people  of  Northumberland,  that  is 
to  say,  of  them  which  inhabit  to  the  North  of  the 
river  Humber,  being  of  greater  authoritie  then  any  other 
potentate  in  the  whole  Isle  of  Britaine,  bare  rule  as  well 
over  the  English  as  the  British  nation,  except  onely  the 
people  of  Kent  :  who  also  brought  in  subjection  under 
the  English,  the  Isles  of  Man  and  Anglesey,  and  the  other 
Northwesterne  Isles  of  the  Britons,  which  are  situate 
betweene  Britaine  and  Ireland. 


EDWIN   OF   NORTHUMBERLAND  a.d.  I 


624.  \ 

1 


Another  testimonie  alledged  by  Beda  to  the  same 

purpose.      Lib.    2.   cap.   9.  i 

ANno   ab  incarnatione  Domini  sexcentesimo  vicesimo  ! 

quarto,  gens  Nordanhumbrorum,  hoc   est,  ea   natio  i 

Anglorum  quae  ad  aquilonarem  Humbri  fluminis  plagam  , 

habitat,  cum  rege  suo  Eduino,  verbum  fidei  (prasdicante  " 

Paulino,  cujus  supra  meminimus)  suscepit  :  cui  videlicet  | 

regi    in    auspicium    suscipiendae    fidei,    &    regni    coelestis  ) 

potestas,  &  terreni  creverat  imperii  :   ita  ut  (quod  nemo  ' 

Anglorum  ante  eum  fecit)  omnes  Britanniae  fines,  qua  vel  j 

ipsorum  vel  Britonum  Provinciae  habitabantur,  sub  ditione  ; 

acceperit.       Quin    &   Menavias    insulas    (sicut    &    supra  ' 

docuimus)  imperio  subjugavit  Anglorum.      Quarum  prior  H 
quas  ad  austrum  est,  &  situ  amplior,  &  frugum  proventu 

atque  ubertate  foelicior,  nongentarum  sexaginta  familiarum  J 

mensuram,  juxta  aestimationem  Anglorum,  secunda    tre-  | 

centarum  &  ultra  spatium  tenet.  ^ 

i 
The  same  in  English.  [I.  4] 

IN   the  yeere   from  the  incarnation  of  our   Lord,  sixe  I 

hundreth    twentie    and    foure,    the    people    of   Nor-  ' 

thumberland,  to  wit,  those  English  people  which  inhabit  ! 

on  the  North  side  of  the  river  of  Humber,  together  with  j 

their  king  Edwin,   at  the   Christian    preaching   and   per-  * 

swasion    of    Paulinus    above    mentioned,    embraced    the  ' 

Gospel.     Under  which  king,  after  he  had  once  accepted  4 
of  the  Christian  faith,  the  power   both  of  the  heavenly 

&  of  his  earthly  kingdome  was  inlarged  ;  insomuch,  that  j 
he  (which  no  English  king  had  done  before  him)  brought 

under  his  subjection  all  the  provinces  of  Britaine,  which  ] 

were  inhabited  either  by  the  English  men  themselves,  or  i 

by  the  Britons.      Moreover,  he  subdued  unto  the  crowne  ' 

of  England  (as  we  have  above  signified)  the   Hebrides,  ■ 

commonly  called  the  Westerne  Islands.     The    principall  j 

wherof  being  more  commodiously  and   pleasantly  seated  : 
towards  the  South,  and  more  abounding  with  corne  then 
the    rest,  conteineth    according  to    the  estimation  of  the 

9 


*. 


A.D. 
624. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

English,  roome  enough  for  960.  families,  and  the  second 
for  300.  and  above. 


The  voyage  of  Bertus,  general!  of  an  armie  sent 
into  Ireland  by  Ecfridus  king  of  Northumber- 
land, in  the  yere  of  our  Lord  684,  out  of  the 
4.  Booke  and  26.  Chapter  of  Beda  his  Ecclesi- 
asticall  Hystorie. 

Nno  Dominicas  incarnationis  sexcentesimo 
octogesimo  quarto,  Ecfridus  rex  Nordan- 
humbrorum,  misso  Hiberniam  cum  excer- 
citu  duce  Berto,  vastavit  misere  gentem 
innoxiam,  &  nationi  Anglorum  semper 
amicissimam,  ita  ut  nee  ecclesiis  quidem 
aut  monasteriis  manus  parceret  hostilis. 
At  insulani  &  quantum  valuere  armis  arma  repellebant, 
&  invocantes  divinae  auxilium  pietatis  coelitus  se  vindicari 
continuis  diu  imprecationibus  postulabant.  Et  quamvis 
maledici  regnum  Dei  possidere  non  possint,  creditum 
tamen  est,  quod  hi  qui  merito  impietatis  su^  maledice- 
bantur,  ocyus  Domino  vindice,  poenas  sui  reatus  luerent. 

The  same  in  English. 

IN  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  684,  Ecfrid  the  king  of 
Northumberland  sent  captaine  Bert  into  Ireland  with 
an  armie,  which  Bert  miserably  wasted  that  innocent 
nation  being  alwayes  most  friendly  unto  the  people  of 
England,  insomuch  that  the  fury  of  the  enemy  spared 
neither  churches  nor  monasteries.  Howbeit  the  Islanders 
to  their  power  repelled  armes  with  armes,  and  craving 
Gods  aid  from  heaven  with  continual!  imprecations  and 
curses,  they  pleaded  for  revenge.  And  albeit  cursed 
speakers  can  by  no  meanes  inherit  the  kingdome  of  God, 
it  was  thought  notwithstanding,  that  they  which  were 
accursed  for  their  impiety  did  not  long  escape  the  ven- 
geance of  God  imminent  for  their  offences. 

10 


I 


OCTHER  S  VOYAGE  BEYOND  NORWAY         ad. 

c.  890 

The  voyage  of  Octher  made  to  the  Northeast  parts  j 

beyond    Norway,    reported    by    himselfe    unto  t 

Alfred  the  famous  king  of  England,  about  the  i 

yere  890.  ^ 

Cther  said,  that  the  countrey  wherein  he 
dwelt  was  called  Helgoland.  Octher  tolde 
his  lord  king  Alfred  that  he  dwelt  furthest 
North  of  any  other  Norman.  He  sayd 
that  he  dwelt  towards  the  North  part  of 
the  land  toward  the  West  coast  :  and 
affirmed  that  the  land,  notwithstandino^  it 


stretcheth  marveilous  farre  towards  the  North,  yet  it  is  all 
desert  and  not  inhabited,  unlesse  it  be  very  few  places,  here 
and   there,  where   certeine  Finnes  dwell  upon  the  coast, 
who  live  by  hunting  all   the  Winter,  and  by  fishing  in  Fynfies  live  by 
Summer.     He  said  that  upon  a  certeine  time  he  fell  into  hu7iting  y 
a  fantasie  and  desire  to  proove  and  know  how  farre  that  P^^^^S- 
land  stretched  Northward,   and  whether  there  were  any 
habitation  of  men  North  beyond  the  desert.     Whereupon 
he  tooke  his  voyage  directly  North  along  the  coast,  having 
upon  his  steereboord  alwayes  the  desert  land,  and  upon 
the    leereboord    the    maine    Ocean  :     and    continued    his 
course  for  the  space  of  3.  dayes.     In  which  space  he  was 
come  as  far  towards  the  North,  as  commonly  the  whale  The  place 
hunters    use    to    travell.     Whence    he    proceeded    in   his  ^^^^^!^^,  ^^^ 
course  still  towards  the  North  so  farre  as  he  was  able  to  "^.^^,^//!_ 
saile  in  other  3.  dayes.     At  the  end  whereof  he  perceived 
that   the  coast  turned  towards  the   East,  or   els   the  sea 
opened  with  a  maine  gulfe  into  the  land,  he  knew  not 
how   farre.     Well   he  wist  and  remembred,  that  he  was 
faine  to  stay  till  he  had  a  Westerne  winde,  and  somewhat 
Northerly  :    and  thence  he   sailed   plaine  East  along  the 
coast  still  so  far  as  he  was  able  in  the  space  of  4.  dayes. 
At  the  end  of  which  time  he  was  compelled  againe  to  stay  [I.  5.] 
till  he  had  a  full  Northerly  winde,  forsomuch  as  the  coast 
bowed  thence  directly  towards  the  South,  or  at  least  wise 

1 1 


A.D. 

c.  890. 


The  river  of 
Duina  of 
likelihood. 


A  Desert 
countrey. 

Fynnes. 

Biarmia. 


Tet fynnes. 


The  Fynnes 
and  Biarmes 
speake  one 
language. 
II  Or,  morsses, 
their  teeth 
commended. 
Use  of  ye 
Morsses  skinne 
for  cables. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

the  sea  opened  into  the  land  he  could  not  tell  how  tarre  : 
so  that  he  sailed  thence  along  the  coast  continually  full 
South,  so  farre  as  he  could  travaile  in  5.  dayes  ;  and  at 
the  fifth  dayes  end  he  discovered  a  mightie  river  which 
opened  very  farre  into  the  land.  At  the  entrie  of  which 
river  he  stayed  his  course,  and  in  conclusion  turned  backe 
againe,  for  he  durst  not  enter  thereinto  for  feare  of  the 
inhabitants  of  the  land  :  perceiving  that  on  the  other  side 
of  the  river  the  countrey  was  thorowly  inhabited  :  which 
was  the  first  peopled  land  that  he  had  found  since  his 
departure  from  his  owne  dwelling  :  whereas  continually 
thorowout  all  his  voyage,  he  had  evermore  on  his  steere- 
boord,  a  wildernesse  and  desert  countrey,  except  that  in 
some  places,  he  saw  a  few  fishers,  fowlers,  and  hunters, 
which  were  all  Fynnes  :  and  all  the  way  upon  his  leere- 
boord  was  the  maine  ocean.  The  Biarmes  had  inhabited 
and  tilled  their  countrey  indifferent  well,  notwithstanding 
he  was  afrayed  to  go  upon  shore.  But  the  countrey  of 
the  Terfynnes  lay  all  waste,  and  not  inhabited,  except  it 
were,  as  we  have  sayd,  whereas  dwelled  certeine  hunters, 
fowlers,  and  fishers.  The  Biarmes  tolde  him  a  number  of 
stories  both  of  their  owne  countrey,  and  of  the  countreyes 
adjoyning.  Howbeit,  he  knew  not,  nor  could  affirme  any 
thing  for  certeine  trueth  :  forsomuch  as  he  was  not  upon 
land,  nor  saw  any  himselfe.  This  onely  he  judged,  that 
the  Fynnes  and  Biarmes  speake  but  one  language.  The 
principall  purpose  of  his  traveile  this  way,  was  to  encrease 
the  knowledge  and  discoverie  of  these  coasts  and 
countreyes,  for  the  more  commoditie  of  fishing  of  II  horse- 
whales,  which  have  in  their  teeth  bones  of  great  price  and 
excellencie  :  whereof  he  brought  some  at  his  returne  unto 
the  king.  Their  skinnes  are  also  very  good  to  make 
cables  for  shippes,  and  so  used.  This  kinde  of  whale  is 
much  lesse  in  quantitie  then  other  kindes,  having  not  in 
length  above  seven  elles.  And  as  for  the  common  kind 
of  whales,  the  place  of  most  and  best  hunting  of  them  is 
in  his  owne  countrey  :  whereof  some  be  48.  elles  of 
length,  and  some  50.  of  which  sort  he  affirmed  that  he 

12 


i 


OCTHER'S  VOYAGE  BEYOND  NORWAY    ad. 

c.  890. 

himselfe  was  one  of  the  sixe,  which  in  the  space  of  3.  dayes 

killed  threescore.     He  was  a  man  of  exceeding  wealth  in 

such    riches,  wherein   the   wealth   of  that   countrey   doth 

consist.     At  the  same  time  that  he  came  to  the  king,  he 

had  of  his  owne  breed  600.  tame  Deere,  of  that  kinde  Sixe  hundreth 

which  they  call  Rane  Deere  :  of  the  which  number  6.  were  ^^^^  Deere, 

stall  Rane  Deere,  a  beast  of  great  value,  and  marveilously 

esteemed   among   the   Fynnes,    for   that   with   them   they 

catch  the  wilde  Rane  Deere.     He  was  among  the  chiefe 

men  of  his  countrey  one  :   and  yet  he  had  but  20.  kine, 

and  20.  swine,  and  that  little  which  he  tilled,  he  tilled  it 

all  with  horses.     Their  principall  wealth  consisteth  in  the 

tribute  which  the  Fynnes  pay  them,  which  is  all  in  skinnes  T'he  Fynnes 

of  wilde  beasts,  feathers  of  birds,  whale  bones,  and  cables,  ^^"^'^^^^' 

and    tacklings    for    shippes    made    of    Whales    or    Scales 

skinnes.     Every   man    payeth    according    to    his    abilitie.   '^ote. 

The  richest  pay  ordinarily  15.  cases  of  Marterns,  5.  Rane 

Deere  skinnes,  and  one  Beare,  ten  bushels  of  feathers,  a  ^^^/^^  ^z- 

coat  of  a  Beares  skinne,  two  cables  threescore  elles  long  a  whales  and 

piece,  the  one  made  of  Whales  skin,  the  other  of  Scales.      Se ales  skins. 

He  sayd,  that  the  countrey  of  Norway  was  very  long  A  description 

and   small.     So   much  of  it  as  either  beareth  any  good  ^f^'^^'^^^y- 

pasture,  or  may  be  tilled,  lieth  upon  the  Sea  coast,  which 

notwithstanding  in  some  places  is  very  rockie  and  stonie  : 

and  all  Eastward,  all  along  against  the  inhabited  land,  lie 

wilde  and  huge  hilles  and  mountaines,  which  are  in  some 

places  inhabited  by  the  Fynnes.     The  inhabited  land  is 

broadest  toward   the   South,  &  the  further   it  stretcheth 

towards    the    North,    it    groweth    evermore    smaller    and 

smaller.     Towards  the  South  it  is  peradventure  threescore 

miles   in   bredth   or  broader  in   some  places  :    about    the 

middest,  30.  miles  or  above,  and  towards  the  North  where 

it  is  smallest,  he  affirmeth  that  it  proveth  not  three  miles 

from  the  Sea  to  the  mountaines.     The  mountaines  be  in   T'he  bredth  of 

breadth  of  such  quantitie,  as  a  man  is  able  to  traveile  over  ^^j ^°^^^^^^^^ 

r         •    1  1    •  1  1  1       ofNorzoas. 

m  a  rortnight,  and  in  some  places  no  more  then  may  be 

traveiled  in  sixe  dayes.     Right  over  against  this  land,  in 

the  other  side  of  the  mountaines,  somewhat  towards  the 

13 


A.D. 

c.  890. 
Swethlajtd. 
Queeneland. 


Boats  carted 
on  mens  backs. 


[I.  6.] 
II  O;-,  streight. 
It  seemeth  to 
be  about 
Elsenborg. 


The  descrip- 
tion of  the  sound 
ofDenmarke. 

Gotland. 


II  Vandals. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES  j 

I 
South,  lieth  Swethland,  and  against  the  same  towards  the    : 
North,  lieth  Queeneland.     The  Queenes  sometimes  pass- 
ing the  mountaines,  invade  and  spoile  the  Normans  :  and    : 
on  the   contrary   part,  the   Normans  likewise   sometimes    \ 
spoile  their  countrey.     Among  the  mountaines  be  many    I 
and  great  lakes  in  sundry  places  of  fresh  water,  into  the    1 
which  the  Queenes  use    to  carie  their  boats  upon  their   j 
backs    over    land,    and    thereby    invade    and    spoile    the 
countrey  of  the  Normans.     These  boats  of  theirs  be  very 
little  and  very  light. 

The  voyage  of  Octher  out  of  his  countrey  of  Hal-  i 
goland  into  the  sound  of  Denmarke  unto  a  port  I 
called  Hetha,  v^hich  seemeth  to  be  Wismer  or  I 
Rostorke. 

OCther  sayd  that  the  countrey  wherein  he  dwelled,  | 
was  called  Halgoland  :  and  affirmed  that  there  was  ' 
no  man  dwelling  towards  the  North  from  him.  From 
this  countrey  towards  the  South,  there  is  a  certeine  II  port 
called  Scirings  hall,  whither,  he  sayth,  that  a  man  was  not 
able  to  saile  in  a  moneths  space,  if  he  lay  still  by  night, 
although  he  had  every  day  a  full  winde.  And  he  shall 
saile  all  the  way  along  the  coast,  having  on  his  steereboord, 
first  Jutland  and  the  Islands  which  lie  betwixt  this  countrey 
&  Jutland,  still  along  the  coast  of  this  countrey,  till  he 
came  to  Scirings  hall,  having  it  on  his  larboord.  At 
Scirings  hall  there  entreth  into  the  land  a  maine  gulfe  of 
the  Sea,  which  is  so  broad,  that  a  man  cannot  see  over  it  : 
and  on  the  other  side  against  the  same,  is  Gotland,  and 
then  Silland.  This  sea  stretcheth  many  hundreth  miles 
up  into  the  land.  From  Scirings  hall  he  sayd  that  he 
sailed  in  5.  dayes  to  the  port  which  is  called  Hetha,  which 
lieth  betwixt  the  countries  of  II  Wendels,  Saxons,  and 
Angles,  whereunto  it  is  subject.  And  as  he  sailed  thither- 
ward from  Scirings  hall,  he  had  upon  his  steereboord 
Denmarke,  and  on  his  leereboord  the  maine  sea,  for  the 
space   of  3.   dayes  :    and   2.   dayes   before,   he  arrived  in 

H 


WOLSTAN'S   VOYAGE   TO    TRUSCO  a.d. 

c.  890. 
Hetha,  he  had  Gotland  on  leerboord,  and  Silland,  with  Hetha  but  two 
divers    other    Islands.     In   that   countrey   dwelt    English  'ipei  sailing 
men,  before  they  came  into  this  land.     And  these  2.  dayes  //^^;4/I/i? 
he  had  upon  his  leereboord  the  Islands  that  are  subject  to  he  Wwner  or 
Denmarke.  Rostocke. 

Wolstans  navigation  in  the  ||  East  sea,  from  Hetha  Within  the 
to  Trusco,  which  is  about  Dantzig.  ^marke 

Olstan  sayd,  that  he  departed  from  Hetha, 
and  arrived  at  Trusco,  in  the  space  of  7. 
dayes,  and  7.  nights  :    during  which  time, 
his    shippe    kept    her    course    continually 
under  saile.     All  this  voyage  Wenedland 
was  still  upon  his  steerboord,  and  on  his 
leerboord  was  Langland,  Layland,  Falster, 
and  Sconie  :  all  which  countreyes  are  subject  to  Denmarke. 
Upon  his  leerboord  also,  was  Bargenland,  which  hath  a  Bargenland, 
private  king,  unto  whom  it  is  subject.     Having  left  Bar-  ^^'  Bomholme. 
genland,  he  passed  by  Blekingie,  Meere,  Eland  and   Got- 
land, having  them  on  his  leerboord  :  all  which  countreys 
are  subject  to  Sweden  :  and  Wenedland  was  all  the  way 
upon  his  steerboord,  until  he  came  to  Wixel  mouth.   Wixel  Wixelis  the 
is  a  very  great  river  which  runneth  along  betwixt  Witland  ^'^^'^^'  ^^.^^ 
and  Wenedland.     Witland  is  apperteining  to  the  Easter-  ^^J^^  ^^  ^ 
lings:  and  the  river  of  Wixel  runneth  out  of  ||  Wenedland  Dantzig. 
into  Eastmeere,  which  Eastmeere  is  at  the  least  15.  miles  \\0r,  Prussia. 
in  breadth.     There  runneth  also  another  river  called  Using 
from  the  East,  and  falieth  into  Eastmeere,  out  of  another 
lake  upon  the  banke,  whereupon  is  situated   Fruso.     So  Fruso. 
that  Using  comming  out  of  II  Eastland,  and  Wixel  out  of  1|  Or, 
Wenedland,  fall  both  together  into  Eastmeere,  and  there  Lituania. 
Wixel  depriveth  Using  of  his  name,  and  runneth  thence 
West  &  North  into  the  sea  ;  whereof  the  place  is  called 
Wixelmouth. 

Eastland  is  a  very  large  land,  and  there  be  many  cities  The  descrip- 
and  townes  within  it,  and  in  every  one  of  them  is  a  king :  ^^^'^  ^f 
whereby  there    is    continually  among    them    great    strife     ^^^^^  ' 

15 


A.D. 

c.  890. 


Mares  milke  a 
chief e  dnnke. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

and    contention.     There    is    great    plentie    of  hony  and  I 
fish.  ! 

The  wealthiest  men  drinke  commonly  Mares  milke,  and  ' 
the  poore  people  and  slaves  meade.  There  is  no  ale  , 
brewed   among    the   Easterlings,    but    of  mead    there   is 

plentie. 

^  i 

The  navigation  of  King  Edgar,  taken  out  of  Floren-  1 
tius  Wigorniensis,  Hoveden,  and    M.  Dee  his 
discourse   of  the  Brittish   Monarchie,  pag.   54,  ' 

55,  &c. 

Have  often  times  (sayd  he)  and  many  ! 
wayes  looked  into  the  state  of  earthly  j 
kingdomes,  generally  the  whole  world  over 
(as  farre  as  it  may  be  yet  knowen  to 
Christian  men  commonly)  being  a  studie 
of  no  great  difficultie,  but  rather  a  purpose 
somewhat  answerable  to  a  perfect  Cosmo- 
grapher,  to  finde  himselfe  Cosmopolites,  a  citizen  and 
member  of  the  whole  and  onely  one  mysticall  citie 
universall,  and  so  consequently  to  meditate  of  the  Cosmo- 
politicall  government  thereof,  under  the  King  almightie, 
passing  on  very  swiftly  toward  the  most  dreadfull  and  most 
comfortable  terme  prefixed. 

And  I  finde  (sayd  he)  that  if  this  Brittish  Monarchie 
would  heretofore  have  followed  the  advantages  which  they 
have  had  onward,  they  might  very  well,  yer  this,  have  sur- 
passed by  justice,  and  godly  sort,  any  particular  Monarchie 
els,  that  ever  was  on  earth  since  mans  creation  :  and  that 
to  all  such  purposes  as  to  God  are  most  acceptable,  and  to 
all  perfect  common  wealths,  most  honorable,  profitable,  and 
comfortable. 

But  yet  (sayd  he)  there  is  a  little  locke  of  Lady 
Occasion  flickering  in  the  aire,  by  our  hands  to  catch  hold 
on,  whereby  we  may  yet  once  more  (before  all  be  utterly 
past,  and  for  ever)  discreetly  and  valiantly  recover  and 
enjoy,  if  not  all  our  ancient  &  due  appurtenances  to  this 

16 


\ 


KING   EDGAR  a.d. 

973- 

Imperiall  Brittish  monarchic,  yet  at  the  least  some  such 
notable  portion  thereof,  as  (al  circumstances  duely  and 
justly  apperteining  to  peace  &  amitie  with  forrein  princes  [I-  7-] 
being  offred  &  used)  this  may  become  the  most  peace- 
able, most  rich,  most  puissant,  &  most  florishing  mon- 
archic of  al  els  (this  day)  in  christendome.  Peaceable,  I 
say,  even  with  the  most  part  of  the  selfe  same  respects 
that  good  king  Edgar  had  (being  but  a  Saxon)  and  by 
sundry  such  meanes,  as  he  chiefly  in  this  Empire  did  put 
in  proofe  and  ure  triumphantly,  whereupon  his  sirname 
was  Pacificus,  most  aptly  and  justly.  This  peaceable 
king  Edgar  had  in  his  minde  about  six  hundred  yeeres 
past,  the  representation  of  a  great  part  of  the  selfe  same 
Idaea,  which  from  above  onely,  &  by  no  mans  devise 
hath  streamed  downe  into  my  imagination,  being  as  it 
becommeth  a  subject  carefull  for  the  godly  prosperitie 
of  this  British  Empire  under  our  most  peaceable  Queene 
Elizabeth. 

For,  ^dgarus  pacificus,  Regni  sui  prospiciens  utilitati,  Flores 
pariter  &  quieti,  quatuor  millia  octingentas  sibi  robustas  Historiarum. 
congregavit  naves  e  quibus  mille  ducentas,  in  plaga  Angliae 
Orientali,  mille  ducentas  in  Occidentali,  mille  ducentas  in 
Australi,  mille  ducentas  in  Septentrionali  pelago  con- 
stituit,  ut  ad  defensionem  regni  sui,  contra  exteras  nationes, 
bellorum  discrimina  sustinerent. 

O  wisedome  imperiall,  most  diligently  to  be  imitated, 
videlicet,  prospicere,  to  foresee.  O  charitable  kingly  parent, 
that  was  touched  with  ardent  zeale,  for  procuring  the 
publike  profite  of  his  kingdome,  yea  and  also  the  peaceable 
enjoying  therof.  O,  of  an  incredible  masse  of  treasure, 
a  kingly  portion,  yet,  in  his  coffers  remayning  :  if  then  he 
had,  (or  late  before)  any  warres,  seeing  no  notable  taxe,  or 
contribution  publike  is  historically  mentioned  to  have  bene 
for  the  charges  levied  :  if  in  peace  he  himselfe  flourished 
so  wealthily  :  O  marveilous  politicall,  &  princely  prudencie, 
in  time  of  peace  to  foresee,  and  prevent,  (and  that  most 
puissantly,  and  invincibly)  all  possible  malice,  fraude,  force, 
and  mischiefe  forrain.  O  most  discreet  liberalitie  to  such 
I  17  B 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

973- 

excellent  uses,  powring  out  his  treasure  so  abundantly.    O 

faithfull  English  people  (then,)  and  worthy  subjects,  of 
such  an  Imperiall  and  godly  Governour.  O  your  true, 
and  willing  hearts,  and  blessed  ready  hands  (then,)  so  to 
impart  such  abundance  of  victuals  for  those  huge  Navies 
maintenance  :  so  (I  say)  as  neither  dearth  of  famine, 
seemed  (fondly)  to  be  feared  of  you,  for  any  intolerable 
want  likely  to  ensue  thereby,  nor  prices  of  victuals  com- 
plained of  to  be  unreasonable  enhaunsed  by  you,  finding 
for  their  great  sales  so  good,  and  rare  opportunitie. 

This  peaceable  king  Edgar,  was  one  of  the  perfect  Im- 
periall Monarches  of  this  British  Empire,  and  therefore 
thus  his  fame  remaineth  (for  ever)  recorded. 

ChamRe^a,  Anglici  orbis  Basileus,  flos,  &  Decus  iEdgarus,  non 
Hen7-ici  minus    memorabilis   Anglis,   quam    Cyrus    Persis, 

^ecundi.  Romulus      Romanis,     Alexander      Macedonibus, 

Arsaces  Parthis,  Carolus  Francis,  Anno  vitae  37. 

Regni  sui  cum^  fratre,  &  post  2 1 .  Idibus  Julii  obiit, 

&  apud  Glascon  sepelitur. 

O  Glastonbury,  Glastonbury,  the  treasurie  of  the  car- 
cases of  so  famous,  and  so  many  persons  (Quae  olim  mater 
sanctorum  dicta  es,  &  ab  aliis,  tumulus  sanctorum,  quam 
ab  ipsis  discipulis  Domini,  aedificatam  fuisse  venerabilis 
habet  Antiquorum  authoritas)  how  lamentable  is  thy  case 
nowe !  howe  hath  hypocrisie  and  pride  wrought  thy  deso- 
lation !  though  I  omit  here  the  names  of  very  many  other, 
both  excellent  holy  men,  and  mighty  princes,  whose  carcases 
are  committed  to  thy  custody,  yet  that  Apostolike  Joseph, 
that  triumphant  British  Arthur,  and  nowe  this  peaceable 
and  provident  Saxon  king  Edgar,  doe  force  me  with 
a  certaine  sorowful  reverence,  here  to  celebrate  thy 
memorie. 

This  peaceable  king  Edgar  (as  by  ancient  Recordes 
may  appeare)  his  Sommer  progresses,  and  yerely  chiefe 
pastimes  were,  the  sailing  round  about  this  whole  Isle 
of  Albion,  garded  with  his  grand  navie  of  4000.  saile 
at  the  least,  parted  into  4.  equall  parts  of  petie  Navies, 

18 


KING   EDGAR                                      a.d.  . 

973-  1 

eche    one    being   of    looo.    ships,   for   so   it   is   anciently  1 

recorded.  ] 

Idem   quoque  j^dgarus,  4000.  naves    congregavit,  ex  ^^nulphus  , 
quibus   omni   anno,  post    festum   Paschale,   1000.   ^^^^^^"^^^' 

naves    ad    quamlibet   Angliae    partem    statuit,   sic,  ; 

aestate     Insulam     circumnavigavit  :     hyeme    vero,  ] 
judicia  in  Provincia  exercuit :  &  haec  omnia  ad  sui 

exercitium,  &  ad  hostium  fecit  terrorem.  j 

.1 

COuld,  and  would  that  peaceable  &  wise  king  Edgar,  \ 

before    need,  as  being   in  peace    and   quiet  with   all  1 

nations  about   him,  and   notwithstanding  mistrusting   his  ■ 

possible  enemies,  make  his  pastimes  so  roially,  politically,  i 

and  triumphantly,  with  so  many  thousand  ships,  and  at  the  i 

least  with  ten  times  so  many  men  as  ships,  and  that  yerely  ?  \ 
and  shall  we  being  not  assured  of  such  neighbors  friend- 
ship, as  may  become  to  us  as  cruel  and  tyrannicall  enemies 
as  never  king  Edgar  needed  to  dread  the  like,  and  they  as 
many  and  mighty  princes,  as  never  king  Edgar  coped  with 
the  like,  shall  we  (said  he)  not  judge  it  some  part  of  wis- 
dome,  to  imitate  carefully  in  some  litle  proportion  (though 
not  with  so  many  thousands)  the  prosperous  pastimes  of 

peaceable   king    Edgar,   that    Saxonicall  Alexander  ?    yea,  j 

prosperous  pastimes  these  may  bee  justly  counted,  by  which  I 

he  also  made  evident  to  the  whole  world,  that  as  he  wisely  \ 

knew  the  ancient  bounds  and  limits  of  this  British  Empire,  j 

so  that  he  could  and  would  royally,  justly,  and   trium-  [I.  8.]  ■ 

phantly  enjoy  the  same,  spite  of  the  devil,  and  maugre  the  ' 

force  of  any  forreine  potentate.     And  al  that,  so  highly  and  ] 

faithfully  to  the  glory  of  God  finally  intended  and  brought  ! 

to  passe,  as  the  wisest  and  godliest  Prelates  and  counsellors  ! 

of  those  dayes  (so  counted  of  and  recorded)  coulde  best  1 

advise  and  direct  him,  or  perchance,  but  sincerely  com-  ] 

mend  and  duetifully  incourage  him  in,  he  being  of  him-  ' 

selfe  so  bent,  as  purposing  first  invincibly  to  fortifie  the  j 

chiefe  and  uttermost  walles  of  his  Islandish   Monarchie,  1 

against  all  forreine   encombrance  possible.     And   in  that  i 

fortification  furthering  and  assuring  to  trust  best  his  owne  ; 

19  ' 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

973- 

oversight  and  judgement,  in  yeerely  viewing  the  same  in 
every  quarter  thereof,  and  that  as  it  were  for  his  pastime 
Imperial!,  also  in  Sommer  time,  to  the  ende  that  afterward 
in  all  securitie,  hee  might  in  Winter  time  (vacare)  be  at 
convenient  leisure  on  land,  chiefly  to  set  foorth  Gods  due 
honour,  and  secondly  to  understand,  and  diligently  to 
listen  to  the  causes  and  complaints  of  his  commons.  For 
as  Matthasus  Westmonasteriensis  of  him  to  his  Imperial! 
commendation  hath  left  us  a  remembrance. 

Habebat  autem  praeterea  consuetudinem,  per  omnes 
Regni  provincias  transire,  ut  intelligeret  quomodo 
legum  jura,  &  suorum  statuta  decretorum,  a 
principibus  observarentur,  &  ne  pauperes  a 
potentibus  praejudicium  passi,  opprimerentur, 
diligenter  investigare  solebat  :  in  uno  fortitudini, 
in  altero  Justitia^  studens,  &  Reipub.  regnique 
utilitati  consulens  in  utroque.  Hinc  hostibus 
circumquaque  timor,  &  amor  omnium  erga  eum 
excreverat  subditorum. 

Thus  we  see  how  in  opportunitie,  this  peaceable  Edgar 
procured  to  this  Empire  such  prosperous  securitie,  that 
his  true  and  faithful!  subjects,  all  maner  of  wayes  (that  is 
at  home  and  also  at  sea,  both  outward  and  inward)  might 
peaceably,  safely  and  securely  employ  their  wits  and  travels 
for  the  marveilous  enriching  of  this  kingdome,  and 
pleasuring  very  many  other,  carying  forth  the  natural!  com- 
modities of  this  land,  abounding  here  above  our  necessary 
uses  (and  due  store  reserved)  and  likewise  againe  furnish- 
ing the  same  with  all  necessary  and  not  superfluous 
forreine  commodities,  fet  from  farre  or  forrein  countreys. 
This  was  in  deed  (as  before  is  recorded)  a  kingly  provi- 
dence, Reipub.  Regnique  utilitati  consulens,  &c.  besides 
with  great  utilitie  and  profite  publique  foreseene,  and  by 
his  meanes  enjoyed,  he  himselfe  used  most  gladly  the 
advantage  of  that  securitie,  in  ministring  of  justice,  or 
causing  the  same  to  be  executed  all  his  kingdome  over, 
not  squemishly,   frowningly  or  skornefully  shunning  the 

20 


KING   EDGAR  ad  j 

973-  i 

ragged  and  tattered  sleeve  of  any  suppliant,  holding  up  to  i 

him  a  simple  soiled  bill  of  complaint  or  petition,  and  that  j 

homely  contrived,  or  afrayde  at,  and  timerously  hasting  1 
from     the    sickly    pale    face    or    feeble    limmed    suter, 

extreemely   constrained    so    to    speake   for   himselfe,    nor  ; 

parcially  smoothering  his  owne  conscience,   to   favour  or  j 

mainteine  the  foule  fault  and  trespasse  unlawful!  of  any  j 

his  subjects,  how  mightie  or  necessary  soever,  they  (els)  ; 
were,  but  diligently  made  search,  least  Pauperes  a  poten- 

tibus  praejudicium  passi,  opprimerentur.  ! 

Thus  did  publique  securitie  from  forrein  foe  abroad,  and  j 

true  love  of  his  owne  subjects,  garding  him  at  home,  and  I 

the  heavenly  spirit  directing  all  his  good  purposes,  cause  '• 

justice  and  equitie  in  all  quarters  of  this  Albion  to  flourish.  ' 

For   which  his  peaceable  and  prosperous  benefits   at  the  j 

eternall  king  his  hand  obteined,  hee  became  not  insolent  i 

or  declined   to   tyrannical!  regiment  (as   some  princes  in  j 

other  countreis  have  made  their  lives  Comicotragical)  but  \ 

with     all    his    foresaide    invincible     Seaforce,     aboundant  | 

wealth,  triumphant  peace,  with  securitie  and  Justice  over  i 

all   his   Monarchic  prevailing,  his  heart   was   continually,  ; 

and  most  zealously  bent  to  set  foorth  the  glory,  laude  and  j 

honour  of  the  Almightie  Creator,  the  heavenly  and  ever-  * 

lasting  king,  by  such   principal!  and  princely  meanes,  as  ^ 
(then)   were   deemed   to   God   most  acceptable,   as  many 

monuments    yet    to    our    dayes    remaining,    do     of    him  '* 

undoubtedly  testifie  :  As  this,  for  one.  i 

Altitonantis  Dei  largiflua  dementia,  qui  est  rex  Regum,  Ex  charta  \ 

Ego    T^dgarus    Anglorum    Basileus    omniumque  fa^^dationu  1 

Regum,  Insularum,  Oceanique  Britanniam  circum-  CatTedralis  ^ 

jacentis,   cunctarumque   nationum   quae   infra   eam   wigomlce,  \ 

includuntur,   Imperator,   &  Dominus,  gratias  ago  ] 

ipsi  Deo  omnipotenti,   Regi  meo,  qui  meum  Im-  | 

perium   sic  ampliavit,   &   exaltavit   super  regnum  j 

patrum    meorum  :     qui    licet    Monarchiam    totius  \ 

Anglias    adepti    sunt    a    tempore    Athelstani    (qui  1 

primus   regnum   Anglorum,    &   omnes    Nationes,  j 

21 


A.D. 

973- 


[I-  9.] 

Fundatio 
Ecclesi(£ 
Cathedralls 
Eliensis. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

quas  Britanniam  incolunt,  sibi  Armis  subegit) 
nullus  tamen  eorum  ultra  ejus  fines  imperium  suum 
dilatare  aggressus  est.  Mihi  autem  concessit  pro- 
pitia  Divinitas,  cum  Anglorum  Imperio,  omnia 
regna  Insularum  Oceani,  cum  suis  ferocissimis 
Regibus,  usque  Noruegiam,  maximamque  partem 
Hyberniae,  cum  sua  nobilissima  Civitate  Dublinia, 
Anglorum  regno  subjugare  :  Quos  etiam  omnes, 
meis  Imperiis  colla  subdere  (Dei  favente  gratia) 
coegi.  Quapropter  &  ego  Christi  gloriam,  & 
laudem  exaltare,  &  ejus  servitium  amplificare 
devotus  disposui,  &  per  meos  fideles  Fautores, 
Dunstanum  viz.  Archiepiscopum,  Athelwoldum,  & 
Oswaldum  episcopos  (quos  mihi  patres  spirituales, 
&  Consiliatores  elegi)  magna  ex  parte,  secundum 
quod  disposui,  efFeci,  &c. 

And   againe  this  in  another   Monument. 

OMnipotentis  Dei,  &c.  Ipsius  nutu  &  gratia  sufFultus, 
Ego  i^dgarus  Basileus  dilectae  Insulae  Albionis,  sub- 
ditis  nobis  sceptris  Scotorum,  Cumbrorum,  ac  Brytonum, 
&  omnium  circumcirca  Regionum,  quieta  pace  perfruens, 
studiosus  sollicite  de  laudibus  creatoris  omnium  occupor 
addendis :  Ne  nunc  inertia,  nostrisque  diebus  (plus  aequo) 
servitus  ejus  tepescere  videatur,  &c.  18.  mei  terreni 
Imperii  anno,  &c.     Anno  Incarnationis  Dominicas,  973. 

Ego  ^dgarus  totius  Albionis  Basileus  hoc  privilegium 
(tanta  roboratum  authoritate)  crucis  Thaumate  con- 
firmavi. 

So  that  by  all  these  rehearsed  Records,  it  is  most  evident 
that  the  peaceable  king  Edgar,  was  one  of  those  Monarchs, 
in  whose  handes  (if  life  had  suffised)  the  incredible  value 
and  priviledge  granted  by  God  and  nature  unto  this 
British  monarchie,  might  have  bene  peaceably  purchased  in 
such  sort,  as  the  very  blessing  and  favour  of  the  divine 
Trinitie  hath  laid  meanes  for  our  industrie  to  attaine  to, 
and  enjoye  the  same  by. 


KING   EDGAR  a.6 

973- 
And  though  sundry  other  valiant  princes  and  kings  of 
this  land  I  could  recite,  which  in  times  past  have  either  by 
intent  gone  about,  or  by  wise  and  valiant  exploit,  have 
meetely  well  prospered  towards  this  Islandish  appropriate 
supremacie  attaining,  yet  never  any  other  reasonable 
meanes  was  used,  or  by  humane  wit,  or  industrie  can  be 
contrived,  to  al  purposes  sufficient,  but  only  by  our  sea 
forces  prevailing,  and  so  by  our  invincible  enjoying  al 
within  the  sea  limites  of  our  British  royaltie  contained. 

To  which  incredible  political  mysterie  attaining,  no 
easier,  readier,  or  perfecter  plat  and  introduction,  is  (as  yet) 
come  to  my  imagination,  then  is  the  present  and  continual! 
service  of  threescore  good  and  tall  warlike  ships,  with 
twentie  smaller  barkes,  and  those  80.  ships  (great  and 
smal)  with  6660.  apt  men  furnished,  and  all  singularly 
well  appointed  for  service  both  on  sea  and  land,  faithfully 
and  diligently  to  be  done  in  such  circumspect  and  discreet 
order,  as  partly  I  have  in  other  places  declared,  and  further 
(upon  good  occasion  offered)  may  declare. 

This  grand  navie  of  peaceable  king  Edgar,  of  so  many 
thousand  ships,  and  they  furnished  with  an  hundred  thou- 
sand men  at  the  least,  with  all  the  iinall  intents  of  those  sea 
forces,  so  invincible,  continually  mainteined,  the  order  of 
the  execution  of  their  service,  the  godly  and  Imperial 
successe  thereof,  are  in  a  maner  kingly  lessons  and  pro- 
phetical incouragements  to  us  left,  even  now  to  bee  as 
provident  for  publique  securitie  as  he  was,  to  be  as  skilful 
of  our  sea  right  and  royal  limits,  and  wisely  to  finde  our 
selves  as  able  to  recover  and  enjoy  the  same  as  he  was,  who 
could  not  chuse,  but  with  the  passing  and  yeerely  sayling 
about  this  Brittish  Albion,  with  all  the  lesser  Isles  next 
adjacent  round  about  it,  he  could  not  chuse  I  say,  but  by 
such  ful  and  peaceable  possession,  find  himselte  (according 
to  right,  and  his  hearts  desire)  the  true  and  soveraigne 
Monarch  of  all  the  British  Ocean,  environing  any  way  his 
empire  of  Albion  and  Ireland,  with  the  lesser  Islands  next 
adjacent  :  with  memorial  whereof,  as  with  one  very 
precious  jewel  Imperial,  hee  adorned  the  title  and  crowne 

23 


A.D. 

973- 


"Note  the 
Queenes  Ma- 
jesties royaltie 
over  the  Bri- 
tish Ocean  sea, 
round  about 
the  British 
Empire. 


An.  Dom. 
1017. 


[I.  10.] 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

of  his  regalitie,  as  with  the  testimonie  annexed  of  the 
states  and  nobles  of  his  Empire,  to  commit  to  perpetuall 
memorie,  the  stile  of  his  chiefe  worldly  dignitie,  in  this 
very  tenor  of  words  before  also  remembred. 

Ego  ^dgarus  Anglorum  Basileus,  omniumque  Regum, 
Insularum,  Oceanique  Britanniam  circumjacentis, 
cunctarumquenationum,quas  infra  earn  includuntur, 
Imperator,  &  Dominus. 

The  voyage  of  Edmund  and  Edward  the  sonnes  of 
King  Edmund  Ironside  into  Hungarie,  Anno 
D.   1017.  Recorded  by  Florentius  Wigorniensis 

pag-  391- 

Edit  consilium  Edricus  Canuto  regi,  ut 
clitunculos  Eadwardum  &  Eadmundum 
regis  Eadmundi  filios  necaret.  Sed  quia 
magnum  dedecus  sibi  videbatur,  ut  in 
Anglia  perimerentur,  parvo  elapso  tem- 
pore, ad  regem  Suavorum  occidendos 
misit.  Qui,  licet  foedus  esset  inter  eos, 
precibus  illius  nullatenus  voluit  acquiescere,  sed  illos  ad 
regem  Hungarorum  Salomonem  nomine  misit  nutriendos 
vitaeque  reservandos.  Quorum  unus  scilicet  Eadmundus 
processu  temporis  ibidem  vitam  finivit.  Eadwardus  vero 
Agatham  iiliam  Germani  Imperatoris  Henrici  in  matri- 
monium  accepit,  ex  qua  Margaretam  Scotorum  reginam, 
&  Christinam  Sanctimonialem,  &  Clitonem  Eadgarum 
suscepit. 

The  same  in  English. 

Dric  counselled  king:  Kanutus  to  murther  the 
yong  princes  Edward  and  Edmund  the  sonnes  of 
King  Edmund.  But  because  it  seemed  a  thing  very 
dishonourable  unto  him  to  have  them  put  to  death 
in  England,  hee  sent  them,  after  a  short  space,  unto 
the  king  of  Sweden  to  be  slaine.  Who,  albeit  there 
was     a   league   betweene    them,   would    in    no   case    con- 

24 


E 


THE    KINGS    OF   JNIAN 

descend  unto  Canutus  his  bloody  request,  but  sent  them 
unto  Salomon  the  king  of  Hungarie  to  be  nourished 
and  preserved  alive.  The  one  whereof  namely  Edmund 
in  processe  of  time  there  deceased.  But  Edward  received 
to  wife  Agatha  daughter  unto  the  Germane  Emperour 
Henry,  of  whom  he  begot  Margaret  the  Queene  of  the 
Scots,  and  Christina  a  Nunne,  and  Clito  Edgar. 


A.D. 

1066. 


A   Chronicle  of  the  Kings  of  Man,  taken   out  of 
M.  Camdens  Chorographie. 

N  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  1066.  Edward 
King  of  England,  of  famous  memory 
deceased,  whom  Harald  sonne  of  Godwin 
succeeded  in  his  kingdome  ;  against  which 
Harald  the  king  of  Norwaie  called  Harald 
Harfager  fought  a  battel  at  Stainford 
^   bridge,   where   the    English   winning   the 


fielde  put  all  the  Norwegians  to  flight :  out  of  which 
flight  one  Godredus  sirnamed  Crovan  (the  sonne  of 
Harald  the  blacke,  who  had  before  time  fled  out  of  Island) 
repaired  unto  Godred  sonne  of  Syrric,  who  then  reigned 
in  Man,  and  was  right  friendly  and  honourably  enterteined 
by  him. 

In  the  very  same  yeere  William  the  Conquerour  sub- 
dued England,  and  Godred  the  sonne  of  Syrric,  king  of 
Man,  deceased,  after  whom  succeeded  his  sonne  Fingal. 

In  the  yeere  1066.  Godredus  Crovan  gathered  a  fleete 
of  ships,  and  sailed  unto  Man,  and  giving  battell  unto  the 
people  of  the  countrey,  was  vanquished  and  put  to  flight. 
The  second  time  also  having  gathered  his  armie  and  ships 
together,  hee  came  unto  Man,  fought  with  the  inhabitants, 
lost  the  victorie,  and  was  chaced  away.  Yea,  the  third 
time  he  assembled  a  great  multitude,  and  comming  by 
night  unto  the  port  which  is  called  Ramsa,  hid  300.  of  his 
men  in  a  wood  standing  upon  the  side  of  the  hill  called 
Scacafel.  The  Sunne  was  no  sooner  up,  but  the  Mannians 
arranged  themselves  and  with  great  furie  set  upon  Godred. 

25 


Fingal. 


A.t>.  THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

1066. 

And  in  the  midst  of  the  skirmish,  the  foresaid  300.  men 
rising  out  of  their  ambush,  and  comming  upon  the  backes 
of  the  Mannians,  molested  them  so  sore,  that  they  were 
enforced  to  flie.  But  when  they  saw  y*  they  were  over- 
come and  had  no  place  of  refuge  to  retire  unto  (for  the 
tide  of  the  sea  had  filled  the  chanel  of  the  river  of  Ramsa) 
and  seeing  the  enemie  so  fiercely  pursuing  them  on  the 
other  side,  they  which  remained,  with  lamentable  outcries 
beseeched  Godred  to  spare  their  lives.  Then  hee  being 
mooved  with  compassion,  and  pitying  their  extreme 
calamitie,  because  hee  had  bene  of  late  sustained  and 
nourished  among  them,  sounded  a  retreat  and  forbad  his 
souldiers  to  make  any  longer  pursuit.  The  day  following 
Godred  put  his  souldiers  to  their  choice,  whether  they 
would  divide  Man  among  themselves  and  inhabite  it,  or 
whether  they  would  take  the  wealth  of  the  countrey,  and 
so  returne  unto  their  owne  home.  Howbeit,  it  pleased 
them  better  to  waste  the  whole  Island  and  to  enrich  them- 
selves with  the  commodities  thereof,  and  so  to  returne 
from  whence  they  came.  Nowe  Godred  himselfe  with  a 
fewe  Islanders  which  had  remained  with  him,  tooke 
possession  of  the  South  part  of  the  Island,  and  unto  the 
remnant  of  the  Mannians  he  granted  the  North  part 
thereof,  upon  condition,  that  none  of  them  should  at  any 
time  afterward  dare  once  to  chalenge  any  parcell  of  the 
said  ground  by  title  of  inheritance.  Whereupon  it  com- 
meth  to  passe,  that  unto  this  day  the  whole  Island  is  the 
kings  owne  Fee-simple,  and  that  all  the  revenues  thereof 
pertaine  unto  him.  Also  Godredus  subdued  Dublin  unto 
himselfe  &  a  great  part  of  Lainestir.  And  he  so  tamed  the 
Boats  having  Scots,  that  none  of  them  durst  build  a  ship  or  a  boate, 
not  past  three  ^-^j^  above  three  yron  nailes  in  it.  Hee  reigned  16. 
'^theni^^^^^  ^"  yeeres  and  died  in  the  Island  called  Yle.  He  left  behinde 
him  three  sonnes,  Lagman,  Harald,  and  Olavus.  Lagman 
being  the  eldest  chalenged  the  kingdome  and  reigned 
seven  yeeres.  Howbeit  Harald  his  brother  rebelled 
against  him  a  long  time,  but  being  at  length  taken  by 
Lagman,  hee  was  gelt  and  had  his  eyes  put  out.     After- 

26 


THE    KINGS    OF   MAN  ad. 

1077. 
ward  Lagman  repenting  him  that  he  had  put  out  the  eyes 
of  his  brother,  did  of  his  owne  accord  relinquish  his 
kingdome,  and  taking  upon  him  the  badge  of  the  crosse, 
he  went  on  pilgrimage  to  Jerusalem,  in  which  journey- 
also  he  died. 

In  the  yeere  1075.  ^^^  ^^^  principall  men  of  the  Islands 
having  intelligence  of  the  death  of  Lagman,  sent  messen- 
gers unto  Murecardus  O-Brien  King  of  Irland,  requesting 
him  that  hee  would  send  some  wel-disposed  person  of  his 
owne  kinred  and  blood  royall,  untill  Olavus  sonne  of 
Godred  were  come  to  full  age.  The  king  most  willingly  [I.  n.] 
condescended  unto  their  request,  and  sent  unto  them  one 
Dopnald  the  sonne  of  Tade,  charging  and  commaunding 
him  that  with  all  meekenesse  and  modestie,  hee  should 
governe  that  kingdome,  which  of  right  belonged  not  unto 
him.  Howbeit  he,  after  he  had  once  attained  unto  the 
kingdome,  neglecting  the  commaundement  of  his  lord, 
usurped  the  government  with  great  tyrannic,  committing 
many  heinous  crimes,  and  so  he  reigned  very  disorderly 
for  the  space  of  three  yeeres.  Then  all  the  princes  of 
the  Islands  making  a  generall  conspiracie,  banded  them- 
selves against  him,  and  expelled  him  out  of  their 
dominions.  And  he  flying  into  Irland  returned  no 
more  unto  them. 

In  the  yeere  1077.  one  Ingemundus  was  sent  from  the 
king  of  Norway,  to  take  possession  of  the  kingdome  of 
the  Islands.  And  being  come  unto  the  Island  of  Leodus,  Lezvis. 
hee  sent  messengers  unto  all  the  princes  of  the  Islands  to 
come  unto  him,  commaunding  them  to  assemble  themselves, 
and  to  appoint  him  to  be  their  King.  In  the  meane 
season  he  and  his  companions  spent  their  time  in  robbing 
and  rioting,  ravished  women  and  virgines,  and  addicted 
themselves  to  filthy  pleasures  and  to  the  lustes  of  the 
flesh.  And  when  these  things  were  reported  unto  the 
princes  of  the  Islands,  who  had  assembled  themselves  to 
chuse  him  king,  being  mightely  incensed  thereat,  they 
made  haste  towards  him,  and  comming  upon  him  in  the 
night,  they  burnt  the  house  wherein  hee  was,  and  slue 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1077. 

both  him  and  the  rest  of  his  company,  partly  with  sword, 
and  partly  with  fire. 

In  the  yeere  1098.  the  abbey  of  S.  Maries  at  Cistertium 
was  founded.  In  the  same  yeere  also  Antiochia  was 
taken  by  the  Christians,  and  a  Comet  appeared. 

Moreover,  the  same  yeere  there  was  a  battel  fought 
betweene  the  inhabitants  of  Man,  at  Santwat,  and  they  of 
the  North  obtained  the  victory.  In  which  battell  were 
slaine  Earle  Othor  and  Mac-Maras,  chieftaines  of  both 
parts. 

The  same  yeere  Magnus  king  of  Norway,  sonne  of 
Olavus,  Sonne  of  Harald  Harfagre,  being  desirous  to 
view  the  corps  of  S.  Olavus  king  and  Martyr,  gave  com- 
maundement  that  his  monument  should  be  opened.  But 
the  Bishop  and  the  Clergie  withstanding  this  his  attempt, 
the  king  went  very  boldly  and  by  his  kingly  authoritie, 
caused  the  cophin  to  be  opened.  And  when  hee  had 
seene  with  his  eyes,  and  handled  with  his  hands  the 
incorrupt  body  of  the  foresaid  King  and  Martyr,  a  sudden 
feare  came  upon  him,  and  he  departed  with  great  haste. 
The  night  following  Olavus  king  and  Martyr  appeared 
unto  him  in  a  vision,  saying :  Chuse  (I  say)  unto  your 
selfe  one  of  these  two,  either  within  30.  dayes  to  lose 
your  life  with  your  kingdome,  or  else  to  depart  from 
Norway  and  never  to  see  it  againe.  The  King  so  soone 
as  he  was  awaked  out  of  sleepe,  called  his  Princes  and 
Senatours,  and  expounded  the  foresaide  vision  unto  them. 
And  they  also  being  astonished  thereat  gave  him  this 
counsell,  that  with  all  speed  he  should  depart  out  of 
Norway.  Then  he  without  any  further  delay  caused  a 
Navie  of  1 60.  ships  to  be  provided,  and  so  sailed  unto  the 
Islands  of  Orkney,  which  hee  presently  subdued,  and 
passing  along  through  all  the  Islands  and  conquering 
them,  at  length  he  came  unto  the  Isle  of  Man,  where 
he  was  no  sooner  arrived,  but  hee  went  unto  the  Isle  of 
S.  Patric  to  see  the  place  of  battell,  where  the  inhabitants 
of  Man  had  of  late  fought,  because  many  of  the  dead 
bodies  were  as  yet  unburied.     And  seeing  that  it  was  a 

28 


THE    KINGS    OF   MAN  ad. 

1098. 

most  beautifull  Island,  it  pleased  him  exceeding  well,  and 
therefore  hee  made  choice  to  inhabite  therein  his  owne 
selfe,  and  built  forts  there  which  are  at  this  day  called  by 
his  owne  name.  He  had  the  people  of  Galway  in  such 
awe,  that  he  constrained  them  to  cut  downe  their  owne 
timber,  and  to  bring  it  unto  his  shore  for  the  building  of 
his  fortes.  Hee  sailed  on  further  unto  the  Isle  of  Anglesey 
neere  unto  Wales,  and  finding  two  Earles  therein  (either 
of  them  being  called  by  the  name  of  Hugo)  he  slue  the 
one,  and  the  other  hee  put  to  flight,  and  so  subdued  the 
Island.  But  the  Welshmen  presented  many  gifts  unto 
him,  and  so  bidding  them  farewell  he  returned  unto  Man. 
Unto  Murecard  king  of  Irland  he  sent  his  shooes,  com- 
maunding  him  that  he  should  cary  them  on  his  shoulders, 
upon  the  birth-day  of  our  Lord  through  the  midst  of  his 
Palace,  in  the  sight  of  his  Embassadours,  that  thereby  it 
might  appeare  unto  them,  that  he  was  subject  unto  king 
Magnus.  Which  when  the  Irishmen  heard,  they  tooke 
it  grievously  and  disdeined  much  thereat.  But  the  King 
being  better  advised,  I  had  rather  (said  he)  not  only 
beare  his  shooes,  but  eate  his  shooes,  then  that  king 
Magnus  should  destroy  any  one  province  in  Irland. 
Wherefore  he  fulfilied  his  commaundement,  and 
honourably  enterteined  his  Embassadours.  Many  gifts 
also  he  sent  unto  king  Magnus  by  them,  and  concluded 
a  league.  But  the  messengers  returning  unto  their  lord, 
tolde  him  of  the  situation  of  Irland,  of  the  beautie  thereof, 
of  the  fruitfulnesse  of  the  soile,  and  of  the  holesomnesse 
of  the  aire.  Magnus  hearing  these  things  was  fully  re- 
solved to  conquer  all  Irland  unto  himselfe.  And  for 
the  same  purpose  he  commaunded  that  a  Fleet  should 
be  made  ready.  But  he  taking  his  voyage  with  sixteene 
ships,  &  being  desirous  to  view  the  land,  when  he  had 
undiscreetly  departed  from  his  Navie,  he  was  suddenly 
invironed  by  the  Irish,  and  was  himselfe  slaine,  together 
with  all  that  were  with  him  almost.  Hee  was  interred 
neere  unto  the  Church  of  S.  Patric  in  Armagh.  Hee 
reigned  sixe  yeeres.     After  his  death  the  Princes  of  the 

29 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1098. 

[I.  12.]  Islands  sent  for  Olavus  the  sonne  of  Godredus  Crovan, 
who  lived  in  the  Court  of  Henry  King  of  England  son 
unto  William  the  Conquerour. 

In  the  yeere  1102.  Olavus  sonne  of  Godredus  Crovan 
beganne  his  reigne  and  reigned  fourtie  yeeres  :  he  was  a 
peaceable  man  being  in  league  with  all  the  Kings  of 
Scotland  and  Irland  in  his  time.  He  tooke  to  wife  AfFrica 
the  daughter  of  Fergusius  of  Galway,  of  whom  he  begat 
Godredus.  Of  his  concubines  he  begat  Regnaldus, 
Lagmannus,  and  Haraldus,  and  many  daughters,  whereof 

II  Argik.  one  married  unto  Sumerledus  king  of  II  Herergaidel, 
which  afterward  occasioned  the  overthrow  of  the  whole 
kingdome  of  the  Islands.  He  begat  foure  sonnes  by 
her,  namely  Dulgallus,  Raignaldus,  Engus,  and  Olavus. 

In  the  yeere  1 134.  Olavus  gave  unto  Yvo  the  Abbat  of 
Furnes  a  portion  of  his  owne  ground  in  Man  to  build  an 
Abbey  in  the  place  which  is  called  Russin.  Also  hee 
inriched  with  revenues  and  indued  with  priviledges  al 
places  of  religion  within  his  Islands. 

In  the  yere  1142.  Godredus  ye  son  of  Olavus  sailed 
unto  the  K.  of  Norway  called  Hinge,  and  doing  his 
homage  unto  him  he  remained  with  him,  &  was  by  him 
honorably  enterteined.  The  same  yere  the  3.  sonnes  of 
Harald  brother  unto  Olavus,  who  were  brought  up  at  the 
citie  of  Dublin,  gathering  together  a  great  multitude  of 
people,  and  all  the  fugitives  and  vagabonds  of  the 
kingdome  resorted  unto  Man,  and  demaunded  of  the 
said  king  the  one  halfe  of  al  the  kingdome  of  the  Islands. 
Which  thing  when  the  king  heard,  being  desirous  to 
pacific  them,  he  answered  that  he  would  consult  about 
that  matter.  And  a  day  and  place  being  appointed,  where 
the  consultation  should  bee  kept,  in  the  meane  time  those 
miscreants  conspired  together,  about  the  murthering  of  the 
King.  And  when  the  day  appointed  was  come,  both 
companies  assembled  themselves  unto  the  haven  towne 
called  Ramsa,  and  they  sate  in  order,  the  king  with  his 
nobilitie  on  the  one  side,  and  they  with  their  confederates 
on    the   other    side.     Howbeit    Regnaldus    who    had  an 

30 


THE    KINGS    OF   MAN  ad. 

1 156. 

intention  to  slay  the  king,  stoode  a-side  in  the  midst  of  the 
house  talking  with  one  of  the  Princes  of  the  lande.  And 
being  called  to  come  unto  the  king  he  turned  himselfe  about 
as  if  hee  would  have  saluted  him,  and  lifting  up  his  glittering 
axe,  he  chopt  the  kings  head  quite  off  at  a  blow.  Nowe  ii43- 
having  committed  this  outragious  vilanie,  within  a  short 
space  they  divided  the  Island  betweene  themselves,  and 
gathering  an  armie  together  sailed  unto  Galway,  intending 
to  subdue  that  also ;  howbeit  the  people  of  Galway 
assembled  themselves,  and  with  great  furie  encountred 
with  them.  Then  they  immediately  turning  their  backs 
with  great  confusion  fled  unto  Man.  And  as  touching  all 
the  Galwedians  which  inhabited  in  the  said  Island,  some  of 
them  they  slue,  and  the  residue  they  banished. 

In  the  yeere  1 143.  Godredus  sonne  of  Olavus  returning 
out  of  Norway  was  created  king  of  Man  ;  who  in  revenge 
of  his  fathers  death,  put  out  the  eyes  of  two  of  Haralds 
sonnes  and  slue  the  thirde. 

In  the  yeere  1144.  Godredus  began  his  reigne,  and  hee 
reigned  thirtie  yeeres.  In  the  thirde  yeere  of  his  reigne 
the  citizens  of  Dublin  sent  for  him  and  created  him  king 
of  Dublin,  against  whom  Murecardus  king  of  Irland  made 
warre,  and  encamping  himselfe  at  the  citie  called  Coridelis, 
he  sent  his  brother  Osibel  with  3000.  horsemen  unto 
Dublin,  who  was  slaine  by  Godred  and  the  Dubliners,  the 
rest  of  his  company  being  put  to  flight.  These  things 
being  thus  finished,  Godredus  returned  unto  Man,  and 
began  to  exercise  tyrannic,  disinheriting  certaine  of  his 
nobles,  of  whom  one  called  Thorfinus  the  sonne  of  Oter, 
being  mightier  then  the  rest,  went  unto  Sumerledus,  and 
named  Dubgal  the  sonne  of  Sumerledus,  king  of  the 
Islands,  and  subdued  many  of  the  said  Islands  on  his 
behalfe.  Whereof  when  Godred  had  intelligence  by  one 
Paulus,  providing  a  Navie,  hee  went  to  meete  Sumerledus 
comming  against  him  with  80.  ships :  and  in  the  yeere 
1 1 56.  upon  the  night  of  the  feast  of  Epiphanie,  there  was  1156. 
a  Sea-battell  fought,  and  many  being  slaine  on  both  parts, 
the   day   folowing    they    were    pacified,   and    divided   the 

31 


A.D.  ^  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1 1 56. 

kingdome  of  the  Islands  among  themselves,  and  it  con- 
tinued two  kingdomes  from  that  day  unto  this  present 
time.  And  this  was  the  cause  of  the  ruine  of  the 
monarchie  of  the  Islands,  from  which  time  the  sonnes  of 
Sumerled  injoyed  the  one  halfe  thereof. 

In  the  yeere  1158.  Sumerled  came  unto  Man  with 
53.  ships,  putting  Godred  to  flight  and  wasting  the 
Island :  and  Godred  sailed  unto  Norway  to  seeke  for  aide 
against  Sumerled.  In  the  yere  1 1 64.  Sumerled  gathered 
a  fleete  of  1 60.  ships  together ;  and  arrived  at  Rhinfrin, 
intending  to  subdue  all  Scotland  unto  himselfe :  howbeit, 
by  Gods  just  judgement  being  overcome  by  a  few,  together 
with  his  Sonne,  and  an  innumerable  multitude  of  people, 
he  was  slaine.  The  very  same  yere  there  was  a  battel 
fought  at  Ramsa,  betweene  Reginald  the  brother  of 
Godred,  and  the  inhabitants  of  Man,  but  by  the 
stratageme  of  a  certaine  Earle  the  Mannians  were  put 
to  flight.  Then  began  Reginald  to  usurpe  the  kingly 
authoritie.  Howbeit  his  brother  Godred  within  foure 
dayes  after,  comming  out  of  Norway  with  a  great  power 
of  armed  men,  apprehended  his  brother  Reginald,  gelt 
him,  and  put  out  his  eyes.  The  same  yeere  deceased 
[I-  13-]  Malcolme  the  king  of  Scots,  and  his  brother  William 
succeeded  in  the  kingdome. 

In  the  yeere  11 66.  two  Comets  appeared  in  the  moneth 
of  August,  before  the  rising  of  the  Sunne,  one  to  the 
South  and  another  to  the  North. 

In  the  yeere  1171.  Richard  earle  of  Penbroke  sailed 
into  Irland,  and  subdued  Dublin  with  a  great  part  of 
Irland. 

In  the  yere  1176.  John  Curcy  conquered  Ulster  unto 
himselfe.  And  at  the  same  time  also  Vivianus  legate  from 
the  sea  of  Rome  came  into  Man,  &:  caused  king  Godred 
to  bee  lawfully  wedded  unto  his  wife  Phingola,  daughter 
of  Maclotlen  son  of  Murkartac  king  of  Irland,  mother 
of  Olavus,  who  was  then  3.  yeeres  old.  Silvanus  the 
abbat  married  them,  unto  whom  the  very  same  day,  king 
Godred  gave  a  portion  of  ground  in  Mirescoge,  where  he 

32 


THE    KINGS    OF   MAN  V  ad. 

1204. 
built  a  Monastery  :  howbeit,  in  processe  of  time,  the  said 
land  with  the  monkes,  was  granted  unto  the  abbey  of 
Russin. 

In  the  yere  1172.  Reginaldus  the  son  of  Eacmarcat  (a 
man  descended  of  the  blood  royal)  comming  into  Man 
with  a  great  multitude  of  people,  in  the  absence  of  the 
king,  at  the  first  conflict  hee  put  to  flight  certaine  watch- 
men which  kept  the  shoare,  &  slue  about  30.  persons. 
Whereupon  the  very  same  day  the  Mannians  arranging 
themselves  put  him,  &  almost  al  his  folowers  to  the 
sword. 

In  the  yere  1 183.  O-Fogolt  was  vicount  of  Man. 

In  the  yere  1185.  the  Sunne  was  ecclipsed  upon  the 
feast  of  S.  Philip  and  Jacob. 

In  the  yere  1187.  deceased  Godred  king  of  the  Islands, 
upon  the  4.  of  the  Ides  of  November,  and  the  next  sommer 
his  body  was  translated  unto  the  island  of  Hy.  He  left 
3.  sonnes  behinde  him,  Reginaldus,  Olavus,  and  Yvarus. 
In  his  life  time  he  ordeined  his  sonne  Olavus  to  be  his 
heire  apparant,  because  he  onely  was  borne  legitimate. 
But  the  Mannians,  when  Olavus  was  scarce  ten  yeeres  olde, 
sent  unto  the  islands  for  Reginald  and  created  him  king. 

In  the  yeere  1 187.  began  Reginald  the  sonne  of  Godred 
to  reigne  over  the  islands  :  and  Murchardus  a  man  of 
great  power  throughout  all  the  kingdome  of  the  islands 
was  put  to  death. 

In  the  yere  1192.  there  was  a  battel  fought  betweene 
Reginald  and  Engus  the  two  sonnes  of  Sumerled  :  but 
Engus  obtained  the  victory.  The  same  yere  was  the 
abbey  of  Russin  remooved  unto  Dufglas,  howbeit  within 
foure  yeeres  after  the  monkes  returned  unto  Russin. 

In  the  yere  1203.  Michael  bishop  of  the  islands  deceased 
at  Fontanas,  and  Nicholas  succeeded  in  his  roome. 

In  the  yere  1204.  Hugo  de  Lacy  invaded  Ulster  with 
an  armie  and  encountered  with  John  de  Curcy,  tooke  him 
prisoner  &  subdued  Ulster  unto  himselfe.  Afterward  he 
permitted  the  said  John  to  goe  at  libertie,  who  comming 
unto  king  Reginald  was  honourably  enterteined  by  him, 
I  33  ^ 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1204. 

because  he  was  his  sonne  in  lawe,  for  John  de  Curcy  had 
taken  to  wife  AfFrica  the  daughter  of  Godredus,  which 
founded  the  abbey  of  S.  Mary  de  jugo  domini,  and  was 
there  buried. 

In  the  yeere  1205.  John  de  Curcy  &  Reginald  king  of 

the  islands  invading  Ulster  with  a  hundreth  ships  at  the 

port  which  is  called  Stranfeord  did  negligently  besiege  the 

castle  of  Rath  :    but  Walter  de  Lacy  comming  upon  them 

with  his  armie,  put  them  to  flight,   &    from   that    time 

Curcy    never    recovered    his    land.      In    the    yere    12 10. 

Engus  the  son  of  Sumerled  &  his  3.  sonnes  were  slaine. 

King  John  At  the  same  time  John  king  of  England  conducted  a 

passed  into       ^^^x,    of   500.    ships    into    Irland,    and   subdued    it   unto 

coo^   ^I        himselfe  :  and  sending  a  certaine  earle  named  Fulco,  unto 

the  isle  of  Man,  his  souldiers  almost  utterly  wasted  it  in 

the   space  of  15.  dayes,  and   having  taken  pledges  they 

returned  home  into  their  owne  countrey.     King  Reginald 

and  his  nobles  were  at  this  time  absent  from  Man. 

In  the  yere  12 17.  deceased  Nicolas  bishop  of  the 
islands,  and  was  buried  in  Ulster,  in  the  house  of  Benchor, 
whom  Reginald  succeeded. 

I  thinke  it  not  amisse  to  report  somevv^hat  more 
concerning  the  tv^o  foresaid  brethren  Reginaldus 
and  Olavus. 

REginald  gave  unto  his  brother  Olavus,  the  island 
called  Lodhus  or  Lewes,  which  is  saide  to  be  larger 
then  the  rest  of  the  islands,  but  almost  destitute  of 
inhabitants,  because  it  is  so  ful  of  mountaines  &  quarreis, 
being  almost  no  where  fit  for  tillage.  Howbeit  the 
inhabitants  thereof  do  live  for  the  most  part  upon  hunting 
and  fishing.  Olavus  therefore  went  to  take  possession  of 
this  Island,  and  dwelt  therein  leading  a  poore  life  :  and 
when  he  saw  that  it  would  by  no  meanes  suffice  for  the 
sustentation  of  himselfe  &  his  folowers,  hee  went  boldly 
unto  his  brother  Reginald,  who  as  then  remained  in  the 
islands,  &  spake  on  this  wise  unto  him.  My  brother 
(said    he)    and   my  lord   and    king,    you   know   that   the 

34 


THE   KINGS   OF   MAN  '  ad. 

1223. 

kingdom  of  the  islands  pertained  unto  me  by  right  of 
inheritance,  howbeit  because  the  Lord  had  chosen  you  to 
beare  the  scepter,  I  doe  not  envie  that  honour  unto  you, 
neither  doeth  it  any  whit  grieve  mee  that  you  are  exalted 
unto  this  royall  dignitie.  Nowe  therefore  I  beseech  you 
to  provide  mee  some  portion  of  land  in  the  islands, 
whereby  I  may  honestly  live.  For  the  Island  of  Lewis  [I.  14.] 
which  you  gave  me  is  not  sufficient  for  my  maintenance. 
Which  his  brother  Reginald  hearing  said  that  he  would 
consult  about  the  premisses.  And  on  the  morow,  when 
Olavus  was  sent  for  to  parle,  Reginald  commanded  him  to 
be  attached,  and  to  be  caried  unto  William  king  of 
Scotland,  and  with  him  to  remaine  prisoner  :  and  Olavus 
remained  in  prison  almost  for  the  space  of  7.  yeres.  But 
at  the  7.  yeres  end  William  king  of  Scots  deceased,  and 
Alexander  his  sonne  reigned  in  his  stead.  The  foresaid 
William,  before  his  death,  commanded  that  all  prisoners 
should  be  set  at  libertie.  Olavus  therefore  being  at 
libertie  came  unto  Man,  and  immediatly  with  a  great 
company  of  nobles  tooke  his  journey  unto  S.  James  :  and 
his  brother  Reginald  caused  the  said  Olavus  to  take  unto 
wife,  the  daughter  of  a  certaine  noble  man  of  Kentyre, 
cousine  german  unto  his  owne  wife,  &  by  name  being 
called  Lavon,  and  he  granted  unto  him  the  possession  of 
Lewis.  After  a  few  dayes  Reginald  the  bishop  of  the 
Islands  having  gathered  a  Synod,  separated  Olavus  and 
Godred  his  sonne,  and  Lavon  his  wife,  namely  because 
shee  was  cousin  german  unto  his  former  wife.  Afterward 
Olavus  maried  Scristina  daughter  unto  Ferkarus  earle  of 
Rosse. 

Hereupon  the  wife  of  Reginald  Queene  of  the  Islands 
being  incensed,  sent  letters  unto  the  Island  of  Sky  in 
K.  Reginald  his  name  to  her  sonne  Godred  willing  him  to 
take  Olavus.  Which  commandement  Godred  putting  in 
practise,  &  entring  the  isle  of  Lewis  for  ye  same  purpose, 
Olavus  fled  in  a  litle  skiffe  unto  his  father  in  law  the  earle 
of  Rosse,  &  in  the  meane  time  Godred  wasted  the  isle  of 
Lewis.     At   the   very   same   time   Pol   the   son   of  Boke 

35 


AD.  '  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1223. 

vicount  of  Sky,  being  a  man  of  power  in  al  the  Islands, 
because  he  would  not  consent  unto  Godred,  fled,  & 
dwelt  together  with  Olavus  in  the  dominions  of  the  earle 
of  Rosse,  &  making  a  league  with  Olavus,  they  went  both 
in  a  ship  unto  Sky.  To  be  short,  sending  certaine  spies, 
they  were  informed  that  Godred  remained  secure  with  a 
smal  company  in  a  certaine  Isle  called  ye  isle  of  S.  Columba. 
And  uniting  unto  themselves  their  friends  and  acquaint- 
ance, &  others  that  would  goe  voluntarily  with  them,  in 
the  dead  of  the  night,  having  lanched  5.  ships  from  the 
next  sea-shore,  which  was  distant  about  the  space  of 
2.  furlongs  from  the  foresaid  Island,  they  environed  the 
said  Island  on  all  sides.  Now  Godred  and  his  company 
rising  early  in  the  morning,  and  seeing  themselves  beset 
with  their  enemies  on  all  sides,  they  were  utterly  astonied. 
Howbeit  arming  themselves  they  began  stoutly  to  make 
resistance,  but  altogether  in  vaine.  For  about  9.  of  the 
clocke  in  the  morning,  Olavus  and  the  foresaid  vicount 
Pol,  with  al  their  souldiers,  entred  the  Island,  and  having 
slaine  all  whom  they  found  without  the  precincts  of  the 
Church,  they  apprehended  Godred,  gelding  him,  and 
putting  out  his  eyes.  Unto  which  action  Olavus  gave  not 
his  consent,  neither  could  he  withstand  it,  by  reason  of  the 
forenamed  vicount  the  son  of  Boke.  This  was  done  in 
the  yere  of  Christ  1223.  The  next  sommer  folowing 
Olavus  having  received  pledges  from  all  the  chiefe  men  of 
the  Islands,  with  a  fleet  of  32.  ships  sailed  unto  Man,  and 
arrived  at  Rognolfwaht.  At  the  same  time  Reginald  and 
Olavus  divided  the  kingdome  of  the  Islands  betweene 
The  Isle  of  themselves,  Man  being  granted  unto  Reginald,  &  besides 
Man  ad-         his    portion   the   name   of  a   king  also.     Olavus   having 

vaunced  to  a     j-^ceived  certaine  victuals  of  the  people  of  Man,  returned, 

kingdome.  ,  .  .      ,  .  ^      ^.  .  •  r 

together  with    his    company,   unto    his    owne  portion  or 

Islands.     The  yeere  folowing  Reginald  taking  unto  him 

Alanus  lord  of  Galway,  together  with  his  subjects  of  Man, 

sailed  unto  the  Islands,  that    hee  might    take  away  that 

portion  of  ground  from  his  brother  Olavus,  which  he  had 

granted  unto  him,  and  subdue  it  unto  himselfe.     How- 

36 


THE    KINGS    OF   MAN  a.d. 

1228. 

belt,  by  reason  that  the  people  of  Man  had  no  list  to  fight 
against  Olavus  or  the  Islanders,  because  they  bare  good 
will  towards  them,  Reginald  and  Alanus  lord  of  Galway 
being  defeated  of  their  purpose,  returned  home  unto  their 
owne.  Within  a  short  space  after  Reginald,  under  pre- 
tense of  going  unto  the  Court  of  his  lord  the  king  of 
England,  received  an  100.  markes  of  the  people  of  Man, 
and  tooke  his  journey  unto  Alanus  lord  of  Galway.  Which 
the  people  of  Man  hearing  tooke  great  indignation  thereat, 
insomuch  that  they  sent  for  Olavus,  and  appointed  him  to 
be  their  king. 

In  the  yeere  1226.  Olavus  recovered  his  inheritance, 
that  is  to  say  the  kingdome  of  Man  and  of  the  Islands, 
which  Reginald  his  brother  had  governed  for  the  space  of 
38.  yeeres,  and  he  reigned  two  yeeres  in  safetie. 

In  the  yeere  1228.  Olavus  with  all  his  nobles  of  Man, 
and  the  stronger  part  of  his  people,  sailed  unto  the 
Islands.  A  short  space  after  Alanus  lord  of  Galway, 
Thomas  earle  of  Athol,  &  king  Reginald  came  unto  Man 
with  a  mightie  army,  and  wasted  all  the  South  part  of 
Man,  spoiled  the  Churches,  and  slue  all  the  men  whom 
they  coulde  take,  insomuch,  that  the  South  part  of  the 
saide  Island  was  brought  almost  into  desolation.  And 
then  Alanus  returned  with  his  army  into  his  owne  land, 
leaving  behind  him  bailiffes  and  substitutes  in  Man,  which 
should  gather  up  and  render  unto  him  the  tribute  of  the 
countrey.  Howbeit  king  Olavus  came  suddenly  upon 
them,  chaced  them  away  and  recovered  his  kingdome. 
And  the  Mannians  which  of  late  were  dispersed  and  scat- 
tered abroad,  began  to  unite  themselves,  and  to  inhabite 
without  feare.  The  same  yeere,  in  the  time  of  Winter, 
upon  the  sudden,  and  in  the  very  dead  of  the  night  came 
king  Reginald  out  of  Galway  with  five  ships,  and  burnt  all  [I.  15.] 
the  ships  of  his  brother  Olavus,  and  of  the  nobles  of  Man, 
at  the  Isle  of  S.  Patric,  &  concluding  a  peace  with  his 
brother,  remained  at  the  port  of  Ragnolwath  40.  dayes  : 
in  the  meane  while  hee  allured  unto  himselfe  all  the 
Islanders  upon  the  South  part  of  Man,  who  sware,  that 

37 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1228. 

they  would  adventure  their  lives,  untill  hee  had  gotten  the 
one  halfe  of  his  kingdome  :  contrariwise  Olavus  joyned 
unto  himselfe  them  of  the  North  part,  &  upon  the  14.  of 
February  in  the  place  called  Tingvalla,  a  field  was  fought 
betweene  the  two  brothers,  wherein  Olavus  got  the  victory, 
and  Reginald  the  king  was  by  certaine  souldiers  slaine 
without  the  knowledge  of  his  brother.  Also  certaine 
pirates  comming  to  the  south  part  of  Man,  wasted  & 
spoiled  it.  The  monkes  of  Russin  conveyed  the  body  of 
K.  Reginald,  unto  the  abbey  of  S.  Mary  of  Fournes,  & 
there  he  was  interred  in  the  place,  which  his  owne  selfe  had 
chosen  for  the  purpose.  After  these  things  Olavus  traveiled 
unto  the  king  of  Norway,  but  before  he  was  arrived  there, 
Haco  king  of  Norway  appointed  a  certaine  noble  man  named 
Husbac  the  son  of  Owmund,  to  be  king  of  the  Islands  of 
the  Hebrides  &  called  his  name  Haco.  Then  came  the 
said  Haco  with  Olavus  &  Godred  Don  the  son  of  Regi- 
nald, and  a  multitude  of  Norwegians,  unto  the  islands  : 
and  while  they  were  giving  an  assault  unto  a  castle  in  the 
island  of  Both,  Haco  being  hit  with  a  stone  died,  and  was 
buried  in  lona. 

In  the  yere  1230.  came  Olavus,  with  Godredus  Don, 
&  certeine  Norwegians  unto  Man,  and  they  parted  the 
kingdome  among  themselves,  Olavus  stil  reteining  Man. 
Godred  as  he  was  going  unto  the  islands,  was  slaine  in  the 
isle  of  Lewis,  &  Olavus  injoyed  the  kingdome  of  the 
islands  also. 

In  the  yere  1237.  upon  the  12.  of  the  Kalends  of  June, 
Olavus  Sonne  of  Godred  king  of  Man  deceased  in  the  isle 
of  S.  Patric,  and  was  interred  in  the  abbey  of  Russin.  He 
reigned  1 1.  yeres,  two  while  his  brother  was  alive,  and  nine 
after  his  death. 

Haraldus  his  sonne  being  of  the  age  of  14.  yeres,  suc- 
ceeded, and  he  reigned  12.  yeeres.  The  first  yere  of  his 
reigne  taking  his  journey  unto  the  islands,  he  appointed 
one  Loglen  his  kinsman  to  be  his  deputie  in  Man.  The 
Autumne  folowing  Haraldus  sent  the  three  sonnes  of  Nel, 
namely  Dufgaldus,  Torquellus,  &  Molmore,  and  his  friend 

38 


THE   KINGS    OF   MAN  *  ad. 

1249. 

Joseph  unto  Man,  that  they  might  enter  into  consultation 
together.  Wherfore  the  25.  day  they  assembled  them- 
selves at  Tingvalla  :  and  malice  growing  betweene  the 
sonnes  of  Nel,  and  Loglen,  they  fel  to  blowes  and  skir- 
mished sore  on  both  parts,  Molmore,  Dufgald,  and  the 
foresaid  Joseph  being  all  slaine  in  the  fray.  The  Spring 
folowing,  king  Harald  came  into  the  isle  of  Man,  and 
Loglen  fleeing  into  Wales,  was  himselfe,  together  with 
Godred  the  sonne  of  Olavus  his  pupil,  and  40.  others, 
drowned  by  shipwracke. 

In  the  yere  1238.  Gospatricius  and  Gillescrist  sonne  of 
Mac-Kerthac  came  from  the  king  of  Norway  unto  Man, 
expelling  Harald  out  of  the  said  island,  and  taking  tribute 
on  the  behalfe  of  the  Norwegian  king,  because  the  said 
Harald  refused  to  come  unto  his  Court. 

In  the  yere  1240.  Gospatricius  deceased  and  was  buried 
in  the  abbey  of  Russin. 

In  the  yere  1239.  Haraldus  went  unto  the  king  of 
Norway,  who  within  two  yeres  confirmed  unto  him,  his 
heires  and  successors,  under  scale,  all  the  islands  which  his 
predecessors  enjoyed. 

In  the  yeere  1242.  Haraldus  returned  out  of  Norway 
unto  Man,  and  being  honourably  received  by  the  inhabi- 
tants, he  lived  in  peace  with  the  kings  of  England  and 
Scotland. 

In  the  yeere  1247.  Haraldus  (like  as  his  father  also  before 
him)  was  knighted  by  the  king  of  England,  and  so  being 
rewarded  with  many  gifts,  he  returned  home.  The  same 
yere  he  was  sent  for  by  the  king  of  Norway,  and  he 
maried  his  daughter.  And  in  the  yere  1249.  as  he  was 
returning  home  with  his  wife,  with  Laurence  the  elect  of 
Man,  and  with  many  other  nobles,  neere  unto  the  confines 
of  Radland,  he  was  drowned  in  a  tempest. 

In  the  yere  1249.  Reginald  the  sonne  of  Olavus,  and 
brother  unto  Harald  began  to  reigne  the  day  next  before 
the  Nones  of  May  :  and  upon  the  30.  day  of  the  same 
moneth  he  was  slaine  by  Yvarus  a  souldier,  and  other  of 
his  complices,  in  the  South  part   of  a  certaine  medow, 

39 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

1249- 

neere  unto  the  Church  of  the  holy  Trinitie,  and  he  was 
buried  at  the  Church  of  S.  Marie  at  Russin. 

The  same  yere  Alexander  king  of  Scots  provided  a  great 
navie  of  ships,  that  he  might  conquere  the  islands  unto 
himselfe  :  howbeit  falling  into  an  ague  at  the  isle  of  Ker- 
wary,  he  deceased. 

Then  Haraldus  the  sonne  of  Godred  Don  usurped  the 
name  of  a  king  over  the  islands,  hee  banished  also  all  the 
princes  of  Harald  the  sonne  of  Olavus,  and  ordeined  his 
fugitives  to  bee  princes  and  nobles  in  their  stead. 

In  the  yere  1250.  Haraldus  the  son  of  Godred  Don 
being  summoned  by  letters  went  unto  the  king  of  Norway, 
who  deteined  him  in  prison  because  he  had  unjustly  pos- 
sessed the  kingdome.  The  same  yeere  Magnus  the  sonne 
of  Olavus,  and  John  the  sonne  of  Dugalt  arrived  at 
Roghalwaht,  which  John  named  himselfe  king,  but  the 
Mannians  taking  it  grievously,  that  Magnus  was  not 
nominated,  drave  them  from  their  shoare,  and  many  of  the 
company  perished  by  shipwracke. 

In  the  yeere  1252.  came  Magnus  the  sonne  of  Olavus 
unto  Man,  and  was  ordeined  king.     The  yere  folowing  he 
tooke  his  journey  unto  the  king  of  Norway,  &  there  he 
remained  one  whole  yere. 
[I.  16.]  In   the   yeere    1254.   Haco  king  of  Norway   ordeined 

Magnus  the  sonne  of  Olavus  king  of  the  Islands,  con- 
firming them  to  him  and  to  his  heires,  and  by  name  unto 
Harald  his  brother. 

In  the  yere  1256.  Magnus  tooke  his  journey  into 
England,  and  was  by  the  king  of  England  created  knight. 

In  ye  yere  1257.  the  Church  of  S.  Maries  of  Russin 
was  dedicated  by  Richard  bishop  of  Soder. 

In  the  yeere  1260.  Haco  king  of  Norway  came  into  the 
parts  of  Scotland,  and  without  atchieving  ought,  turning 
his  course  towards  the  Orcades  he  there  deceased  at  Kir- 
was,  and  was  buried  at  Bergen. 

In  the  yeere  1265.  Magnus  the  sonne  of  Olavus  king 
of  Man  and  of  the  Islands  died  at  the  castle  of  Russin, 
and  was  buried  at  the  Church  of  S.  Mary  at  Russin. 

40 


THE   KINGS    OF   MAN  a.d. 

1316. 

In  the  yere  1266.  the  kingdome  of  the  Islands  was  trans- 
lated unto  Alexander  king  of  Scots. 

That  which  followeth  was  written  in  a  new  char- 
acter or  letter,  and  of  a  divers  kinde  from  the 
former. 

IN  the  yeere  1270.  upon  the  seventh  day  of  October 
the  Fleete  of  Alexander  king  of  Scots  arrived  at 
Roghalwath,  and  the  next  day  before  the  Sunne  rising 
there  was  a  battell  fought  betweene  the  Mannians 
and  the  Scots,  in  the  which  conflict  there  were  slaine 
§2S'  Mannians  :  whereupon  a  certaine  versifier  writeth 
to  this  effect  : 

Five  hundreth  fourtie  men  are  slaine  : 

against  ill  haps, 
Yee  Mannians  arme  your  selves,  for  feare 

of  afterclaps. 

In  the  yeere  13 13.  Robert  king  of  Scots  besieged  the 
castle  of  Russin,  which  Dingaway  Dowil  held  against 
him,  howbeit  at  the  last  the  king  tooke  the  castle. 

In  the  yeere  13 16.  upon  the  feast  of  Ascension,  Richard 
le  Mandevile  and  his  brethren,  with  divers  great  person- 
ages of  Irland  arrived  at  Ramaldwath,  demaunding  to 
have  victuals  and  money  ministred  unto  them,  because 
they  had  bene  spoyled  by  their  enemies,  which  made 
continuall  warre  upon  them.  But  when  the  whole  com- 
pany of  the  Mannians  answered  that  they  would  give 
nothing,  they  proceeded  against  them  in  warlike  maner 
with  two  bands,  till  they  were  come  under  the  side  of 
the  hill  called  Warthfel,  in  the  fielde  where  John 
Mandevile  remained,  and  there  having  fought  a  battell, 
the  Irish  overcame  the  people  of  Man,  and  spoiled  the 
Island  and  the  Abbey  of  Russin  also  :  and  when  they 
had  reveled  a  whole  moneth  in  the  Island,  fading  their 
ships  they  returned  home. 

41 


A.D. 

1067. 


[067. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


The  mariage  of  the  daughter  of  Harald,  slaine  by 
WilHam  the  Conquerour,  unto  Jeruslaus  duke  of 
Russia,  taken  out  of  the  9.  Booke  of  the  Danish 
historie  written  by  Saxo  Grammaticus.  An.  D. 
1067. 

Araldo  casso,  filli  ejus  duo  confestim  in 
Daniam  cum  sorore  migrarunt.  Quos 
Sweno,  paterni  illorum  meriti  oblitus  con- 
sanguineae  pietatis  more  accepitjpuellamque 
Ruthenorum  regi  Waldemaro,  (qui  &  ipse 
Jarislaus  a  suis  est  appellatus)  nuptum 
dedit.    Eidem  postmodum  nostri  temporis 


dux,  ut  sanguinis,  ita  &  nominis  haeres,  ex  filia  nepos 
obvenit.  Itaque  hinc  Britannicus,  inde  Ecus  sanguis 
in  salutarem  nostri  principis  ortum  confluens  communem 
stirpem  duarum  gentium  ornamentum  effecit. 

The  same  in  EngUsh. 

HArald  being  slaine  his  two  sonnes  with  their  sister 
sped  themselves  immediatly  into  Denmarke.  Whom 
Sweno  forgetting  their  fathers  deserts  received  in  most 
kinde  and  friendly  maner,  and  bestowed  the  yong  damosell 
in  mariage  upon  Waldemarus  king  of  Russia  who  was 
also  called  by  his  subjects  Jarislaus.  Afterward  the  said 
Waldemarus  had  by  his  daughter  a  nephew  being  duke 
at  this  present,  who  succeeded  his  predecessour  both  in 
lineal  descent  and  in  name  also.  Wherefore  the  English 
blood  on  the  one  side  and  the  Russian  on  the  other 
side  concurring  to  the  joyfull  birth  of  our  prince,  caused 
that  mutual  kinred  to  be  an  ornament  unto  both  nations. 


[I.  17.]  The  state  of  the  shipping  of  the  Cinque  ports  from 
Edv^ard  the  Confessour  and  William  the  Con- 
querour, and  so  downe  to  Edv^ard  the  first, 
faithfully  gathered  by  the  learned   Gentleman 


42 


SHIPPING   OF   THE   CINQUE   PORTS 

M.  Willaim  Lambert  in  his  Perambulation  of 
Kent,  out  of  the  most  ancient  Records  of 
England. 


A.D. 

1070. 


1070. 


Finde  in  the  booke  of  the  generall  survey  The  antlquitie 
of  the  Realme,  which  William  the  Con-  'f'^''  P'^'^'- 
querour  caused  to  bee  made  in  the  fourth 
yeere  of  his  reigne,  and  to  be  called 
Domesday,  because  (as  Matthew  Parise 
saith)  it  spared  no  man  but  judged  all 
men  indifferently,  as  the  Lord  in  that  great 
day  wil  do,  that  Dover,  Sandwich,  and  Rumney,  were  in 
the  time  of  K.  Edward  the  Confessour,  discharged  almost 
of  all  maner  of  imposicions  and  burdens  (which  other 
townes  did  beare)  in  consideration  of  such  service  to  bee 
done  by  them  upon  the  Sea,  as  in  their  special  titles  shall 
hereafter  appeare. 

Whereupon,  although  I  might  ground  reasonable  con- 
jecture, that  the  immunitie  of  the  haven  Townes  (which 
we  nowe  call  by  a  certaine  number,  the  Cinque  Ports) 
might  take  their  beginning  from  the  same  Edward  :  yet 
for  as  much  as  I  read  in  the  Chartre  of  K.  Edward  the 
first  after  the  conquest  (which  is  reported  in  our  booke  of 
Entries)  A  recitall  of  the  graunts  of  sundry  kings  to  the 
Five  Ports,  the  same  reaching  no  higher  then  to  William 
the  Conquerour,  I  will  leave  my  conjecture,  and  leane  to  his 
Chartre  :  contenting  my  selfe  to  yeelde  to  the  Conquerour, 
the  thankes  of  other  mens  benefits,  seeing  those  which 
were  benefited,  were  wisely  contented  (as  the  case  then 
stood)  to  like  better  of  his  confirmation  (or  second  gift) 
then  of  K.  Edwards  first  graunt,  and  endowment. 

And  to  the  ende  that  I  may  proceed  in  some  maner  of 
array,  I  will  first  shewe,  which  Townes  were  at  the  begin- 
ning taken  for  the  Five  Ports,  and  what  others  be  now 
reputed  in  the  same  number  :  secondly,  what  service  they 
ought,  and  did  in  times  passed  :  and  lastly,  what  privi- 
ledges  they  have  therefore,  and  by  what  persons  they  have 
bene  governed. 

+3 


A.D. 

1070. 
Which  be  the 
Five  Forts. 


250. 


Citizens  were 
called  Barons 
in  old  time. 


Contention 
betzveene  Tar- 
mouth,  and  the 
Five  Ports. 

1250. 
Antiquitie  of 
Yarmouth 
fishing. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

If  1  should  judge  by  the  common,  and  rude  verse, 
Dover ^  Sandwicus^  Ry,  Rum,  Frigmare  ventus^ 

I  must  say,  that  Dover,  Sandwich,  Rie,  Rumney,  and 
Winchelsey,  (for  that  is,  Frigmare  ventus)  be  the  Five 
Ports  :  Againe,  if  I  should  be  ruled  by  the  Rolle  which 
reciteth  the  Ports  that  send  Barons  to  the  Parliament,  1 
must  then  adde  to  these,  Hastings  and  Hyde,  for  they  also 
have  their  Barons  as  well  as  the  other  :  and  so  should  I 
not  onely,  not  shew  which  were  the  first  Five,  but  also 
(by  addition  of  two  others)  increase  both  the  number,  and 
doubtfulnesse.  Leaving  the  verse  therefore,  for  ignorance 
of  the  authour  and  suspition  of  his  authoritie,  and  for- 
saking the  Rolle  (as  not  assured  of  the  antiquitie)  I  will 
flee  to  Henry  Bracton,  a  man  both  ancient,  learned,  and 
credible,  which  lived  under  K.  Henry  the  thirde,  and 
wrote  (above  three  hundreth  yeeres  since)  learnedly  of  the 
lawes  of  this  Realme. 

He  (I  say)  in  the  third  booke  of  his  worke,  and  treatise 
of  the  Crowne,  taking  in  hand  to  shewe  the  articles  inquir- 
able  before  the  Justice  in  Eire,  (or  Itinerent,  as  we  called 
them,  because  they  used  to  ride  from  place  to  place 
throughout  the  Realme,  for  administration  of  justice) 
setteth  forth  a  special  fourme  of  writs,  to  be  directed 
severally  to  the  Bailifes  of  Hastings,  Hithe,  Rumney, 
Dover,  and  Sandwich,  commanding  them,  that  they  should 
cause  twentie  &  foure  of  their  Barons  (for  so  their 
Burgesses,  or  townesmen,  and  the  citizens  of  London 
likewise,  were  wont  to  be  termed)  to  appeare  before  the 
Kings  Justices  at  Shipwey  in  Kent  (as  they  accustomed  to 
do)  there  to  enquire  of  such  points,  as  should  be  given  in 
charge.  Which  done,  hee  addeth  moreover,  that  forso- 
much  as  there  was  oftentimes  contention  betweene  them  of 
the  Five  Ports,  &  the  inhabitants  of  Yarmouth  in 
Norfolke  and  Donwich  in  Suffolke,  there  should  be  severall 
writs  directed  to  them  also,  returnable  before  the  same 
Justices  at  the  same  day  and  place,  reciting,  that  where  the 
King  had  by  his  former  writs  sommoned  the  Pleas  of  the 
Five  Ports  to  bee  holden  at  Shipwey,  if  any  of  the  same 

44 


SHIPPING   OF   THE   CINQUE   PORTS  a.d.            j 

^'^11-  "I 

townes  had  cause  to  complaine  of  any  (being  within  the  \ 

liberties  of  the   said  Ports)  he  should  be  at  Shipwey   to  • 

propound  against  him,  and  there  to  receive  according  to  \ 

law  and  Justice.  i 

Thus  much  I  recite  out  of  Bracton,  partly  to  shew  that  . 

Shipwey  was  before  K.  Edward  the  firsts  time,  the  place  of  j 

assembly  for  the  Plees  of  the  Five  Ports  :   partly  to  notifie  • 

the  difference,  and  controversie  that  long  time  since  was  ] 

betweene  these  Ports,  and  those  other  townes  :  But  pur-  i 

posely,  and  chiefly,  to  prove,  that  Hastings,  and  Hithe,  'f 

Dover,   Rumney,   and  Sandwich,  were   in  Bractons  time  \ 
accompted  the  Five  principall  havens  or  Ports,  which  were 

endowed  with  priviledge,  and  had  the  same  ratified  by  the  .i 

great  Chartre  of  England.  j 

Neither  yet  will  I  deny,  but  that  soone  after,  Winchel-       1268.  ] 

sey  and  Rie  might  be  added  to  the  number.     For  I  find  \-         J  i 

in  an  old  recorde,  that  king  Henry  the  third  tooke  into  j 

his  owne  hands  (for  the  better  defence  of  the  Realme)  the  j 

townes  of  Winchelsey,  and  Rie,  which  belonged  before  to  | 

the    Monasterie  of  Fescampe   in   Normandie,   and    gave  I 

therefore  in  exchange,  the  Manor  of  Chiltham  in  Glouces-  i 

tershire,  &  divers  other  lands  in  Lincolneshire.     This  he  j 

did,  partly  to  conceale  from  the  Priors  Aliens  the  intelli-  j 

gence   of  the   secret  affaires   of  his   Realme,   and    partly  \ 

because  of  a  great  disobedience  &  excesse,  that  was  com-  ; 
mitted   by  the   inhabitants   of  Wincelsey,   against  Prince 

Edward  his  eldest  sonne.     And  therefore,  although  I  can  | 

easily  be  led  to  thinke,  that  he  submitted  them  for  their  j 

correction  to  the  order,  and  governance  of  the  Five  ports,  \ 

yet  I  stand  doubtfull  whether  hee  made  them  partners  of  \ 

their  priviledges,  or  no,  for  that  had  bene  a  preferment,  '\ 

and  no  punishment  unto  them  :  but  I  suspect  rather,  that  | 

his  sonne  king  Edward  the  first,  (by  whose  encouragement  \ 

and  aide,  olde  Winchelsey  was  afterward  abandoned,  and  Winchelsey  \ 
the  newe  towne  builded)  was  the  first  that  apparelled  them  -^^'^^  builded.         \ 

with  that  preeminence.  '^'''              \ 

By  this  therefore  let  it  appeare,  that  Hastings,  Dover,  j 

Hithe,   Rumney,  and  Sandwich,  were  the  first  Ports  of  j 

45  i 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

priviledge  :  which  (because  they  were  5.  in  number)  both 
at  the  first  gave,  and  yet  continue,  to  all  the  residue,  the 
name  of  Cinque  Ports,  although  not  onely  Winchelsey  and 
Rie,  be  (since  that  time)  incorporated  with  them  as 
principals,  but  divers  other  places  also  (for  the  ease  of 
their  charge)  be  crept  in,  as  partes,  lims,  and  members  of 
the  same. 

Now  therefore,  somewhat  shalbe  said,  as  touching  the 
services  that  these  Ports  of  duetie  owe,  and  in  deed  have 
done,  to  the  Princes  :  whereof  the  one  (I  meane  with  what 
number  of  vessels,  in  what  maner  of  furniture,  and  for 
how  long  season,  they  ought  to  wait  on  the  king  at  the 
Sea,  upon  their  owne  charges)  shall  partly  appeare  by  that 
which  we  shall  presently  say,  and  partly  by  that  which  shall 
followe  in  Sandwich,  and  Rumney  :  The  other  shall  bee 
made  manifest  by  examples,  drawne  out  of  good  histories  : 
and  they  both  shall  be  testified  by  the  words  of  king 
Edward  the  first  in  his  owne  Chartre. 

The  booke  of  Domesday  before  remembred,  chargeth 
Dover  with  twentie  vessels  at  the  sea,  whereof  eche  to  be 
furnished  with  one  and  twentie  men  for  fifteene  dayes 
together  :  and  saith  further,  that  Rumney  and  Sandwich 
answered  the  like  service.  But  now  whether  this  (like) 
ought  to  be  understoode  of  the  like  altogether,  both  in 
respect  of  the  number  and  service,  or  of  the  (like)  in 
respect  of  service,  according  to  the  proportion  of  their 
abilitie  onely,  I  may  not  hereby  take  upon  me  to  deter- 
mine. For  on  the  one  side,  if  Rumney,  Sandwich,  and 
the  residue,  should  likewise  finde  twentie  vessels  a  piece, 
then  (as  you  shall  anone  see)  the  five  Ports  were  subject 
to  a  greater  charge  at  that  time,  then  King  Edward  the 
first  layd  upon  them  :  And  on  the  other  side,  if  they  were 
onely  chargeable  after  their  proportion,  then  know  I  not 
how  farre  to  burthen  them,  seeing  the  Record  of  Domesday 
it  selfe,  bindeth  them  to  no  certeintie.  And  therefore 
leaving  this  as  I  find  it,  I  must  elsewhere  make  inquisition 
for  more  lightsome  proofe.  And  first  I  will  have  recourse 
to  king  Edward  the  first  his  Chartre  in  which  I  read,  that 

46 


SHIPPING   OF   THE   CINQUE   PORTS  ad. 

1278. 

At  ech  time  that  the  King  passeth  over  the  sea,  the  Ports 
ought  to  rigge  up  fiftie  and  seven  ships,  (whereof  every- 
one to  have  twentie  armed  souldiers)  and  to  mainteine  j 
them  at  their  owne  costes,  by  the  space  of  fifteene  dayes  j 
together. 

And  thus  it  stoode  with  the  Ports  for  their  generall       1278.  ^ 

charge,  in  the  sixt  yeere  of  his  reigne,  for  then  was  this  '■ 

Chartre  sealed.     But  as  touching  the  particular  burthen  of  . 

ech  one,  I  have  seene  two  divers  testimonies,  of  which  the  I 

first  is  a  note  in  French  (bearing  the  countenance  of  a 
Record)  and  is  intituled,  to  have  bene  renued  in  the  two 
and  twentie  yeere  of  the  Reigne  of  the  same  king,  by 
Stephan  Penchester,  then  Constable  of  Dover  Castle,  in  j 

which  the  particular  charge  is  set  downe  in  this  maner.  j 

The  Port  of  Hastings  ought  to  finde  three  ships.  I 

The  lowie  of  Pevensey,  one.  ; 

Bulverhithe  and  Petit  Jahn,  one.  i 

Bekesborne  in  Kent,  seven. 

Grenche    at    Gillingham    in     Kent,    two     men    and  \ 

armour,  with  the  ships  of  Hastings.  ] 

The  towne  of  Rie,  five.  j 

To  it  was  Tenterdene  annexed,  in  the  time  of  King  ; 

Henrie  the  sixt. 
The  towne  of  Winchelsey,  tenne.  : 

The  Port  of  Rumney,  foure.  J 

Lydde,  seven.  | 

The  Port  of  Hythe,  five. 
The  Port  of  Dover,  nineteene. 

The  towne  of  Folkestone,  seven.  •; 

The  towne  of  Feversham,  seven.  ] 

The  Port  of  Sandwich,  with  Stonor,  Fordwich,  Dale, 
&c.  five. 
These    ships    they    ought    to   finde  upon  fortie   dayes  [I.  19.]         '     ' 
summons,  armed  and  arrayed  at  their  owne  charge,  and 
in  ech  of  them  twentie  men,  besides  the  Master  of  the  \ 

Mariners :  all  which  they  shall  likewise  mainteine  five 
dayes  together  at  their  owne  costs,  giving  to  the  Maister 
sixe  pence  by  the  day,  to  the  Constable  sixe  pence,  and  to 

47  "  i 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1278. 

ech   other    Manner    three   pence.      And   after   those   five 
dayes  ended,  the  King  shall  defray  the  charges. 

The  other  is  a  Latine  Custumall  of  the  towne  of  Hyde, 

the  which  although  it  pretend  not  so  great  antiquity  as 

the  first,  yet  seemeth  it  to  me  to  import  as  much  or  more 

likelihood  and  credit :   It  standeth  thus. 

These  be  the  Five  Ports  of  our  soveraigne  Lord  the  King 

having  liberties,  which  other  Ports  have  not :  Hasting, 

Romenal,  Heth,  Dover,  Sandwich,  the  chiefe  Townes. 

The  services  due  by  the  same. 

Hasting  shall  finde  21.  ships,  in  every  ship  21.  men, 
and  a  Garcion,  or  Boy,  which  is  called  a  Gromet.  To  it 
perteine  (as  the  members  of  one  towne)  the  Seashore  in 
Seford,  Pevenshey,  Hodeney,  Winchelsey,  Rie,  Ihame, 
Bekesbourne,  Grenge,  Northie,  Bulwerheth. 

Romenal  5.  ships,  in  every  ship  21.  men,  and  a 
Garcion :  To  it  perteine,  as  members  thereof,  Promhell, 
Lede,  Eastwestone,  Dengemareys,  olde  Rumney. 

Hethe  5.  ships,  as  Romenal  before.  To  it  perteineth 
the  Westhethe. 

Dover  21.  ships,  as  Hasting  before.  To  it  perteine, 
Folkstane,  Feversham,  and  S.  Margarets,  not  concerning 
the  land,  but  for  the  goods  and  cattels. 

Sandwich  5.  ships,  as  Romenal,  and  Hethe.  To  it 
perteine  Fordwich,  Reculver,  Serre,  and  Dele,  not  for  the 
soile,  but  for  the  goods. 

Summe  of  ships  57. 

Summe  of  the  men  11 87.  and  57.  Garcions. 

This  service,  the  Barons  of  the  Five  Ports  doe  acknow- 
ledge to  owe  to  the  King,  upon  summons  yerely  (if  it 
happen)  by  the  space  of  15.  dayes  together,  at  their  owne 
costs  and  charges,  accounting  that  for  the  first  day  of  the 
15.  in  which  they  shall  spread  their  sailes  to  goe  towards 
those  parts  that  the  King  intendeth :  and  to  serve  so  long 
after  15.  dayes,  as  the  King  will,  at  his  owne  pay  and 
wages. 

Thus  much  out  of  these  ancient  notes,  whereby  your 

48 


SHIPPING   OF   THE   CIXQUE   PORTS  ad.  . 

1293.  I 

selfe  may  easily  discerne  the  difference  :    but  whether  the  i 

one  or  the  other,  or  (by  reason  of  some  latter  dispensa-  | 

tion)    neither    of  these,  have    place   at   this   day,  I  must  i 

referre  it  to  them  that  be  privie,  and  of  counsel!  with  the  ; 

Ports :  and  so  leaving  this  also  undecided,  holde  on  the  ; 

way,  wherein  I  am  entred.  : 

This  duetie  of  attendance  therefore  (being  devised  for 
the   honourable  transportation,  and    safe   conduct   of  the  j 

Kings  owne  person  or  his  armie   over   the   narrow  Seas)  j 

the  Ports  have  not  onely  most  diligently  ever  since  that 
time  performed,  but  furthermore  also  valiantly  behaved 
themselves  against  the  enemie  from  time  to  time,  in 
sundrie  exploits  by  water,  as  occasion  hath  bene  profered, 
or  the  necessitie  of  the  Realme  required. 

And  amongst  other  feats  not  unwoorthy  perpetuall  re-  The  good  ser- 
membrance,  after  such  time  as  Lewes  (the  eldest  sonne  of  ^'^^^  of  the  five 
the  French  King)  had  entred  the  Realme  to  aide  Stephan 
Langton  the  Archbishop,  and  the  Nobilitie,  in  the  life  of 
King  John,  and  had  sent  into  France  for   new  supply  of 
souldiers    after    his    death,    Hubert    of    Borough     (then     1217. 
captaine  of  Dover)  following  the  opinion  of  Themistocles 
in  the  exposition  of  the   oracle   of  the  woodden   walles, 
by   the  aide  of  the  Port   townes,  armed  fortie  tall  ships, 
and    meeting    with    eightie    saile    of   French   men    upon 
the   high  seas,  gave  them  a  most  couragious  encounter, 
in  which   he   tooke   some,  sunke   others,  and  discomfited 
the  rest. 

King  Henrie  the  third  also,  after  that  he  came  to  riper 
age,  had  great  benefit  by  the  service  of  the  Cinque  Ports  : 
And  king  Edward  the  first  in  his  Chartre,  maketh  their 
continual!  faithful!  service  (and  especially  their  good 
endevour,  then  lately  shewed  against  the  Welshmen)  the  1278. 
principal!  cause,  and  motive  of  that  his  liberal!  grant. 

Furthermore,  about  the  midst  of  the  reigne  of  the  same 
king,  an  hundreth  saile  of  the  Navie  of  the  Ports  fought 
at  the  Sea  with  a  fleet  of  200.  French  men,  all  which  1293. 
(notwithstanding  the  great  oddes  of  the  number)  they 
tooke,  and  slew,  and  sunke  so  many  of  the  Mariners,  that 
I  49  D 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1293-  I 

France  was  thereby   (for  a  long  season  after)  in  maner  ] 

destitute,  both  of  Seamen,  and  shipping.  ' 

1406.  Finally,  and  to  conclude  this  part,  in  the  dayes  of  king  I 

Henrie   the  fourth,  the  navie  of  the   Five  Ports,  under  I 

the  conduct  of  one  Henrie  Paye,  surprised  one  hundreth  i 

and  twentie  French  ships,  all  laden  with  Salt,  Iron,  Oile,  ' 
and  no  woorse  merchandize. 

The  prhn-         The  priviledges  of  these  Ports,  being  first  granted  by  ! 

ledges  of  the  Ec^^ard  the   Confessour,  and  William    the   Conquerour,  ' 

and    then    confirmed   and    increased   by  William    Rufus,  - 

[I.  20.]        Henrie  the  second,  Richard  the  first,  Henrie  the  third,  I 

and  king   Edward    the   first,  be  very  great,    considering  ' 

either  the  honour  and  ease,  or  the  freedome  and  exemp-  ' 

tion,  that  the  inhabitants  have  by  reason  of  the  same.  ; 

I 

Part  of  an  Epistle  written  by  one  Yvo  of  Narbona  | 

unto  the  Archbishop  of  Burdeaux,  conteining  \ 

the  confession   of  an   Englishman    as   touching  ; 

the  barbarous  demeanour  of  the  Tartars,  which  \ 

had  lived  long  among  them,  and  was  drawen  | 

along  perforce  with  them  in   their  expedition  | 

against  Hungarie :    Recorded  by  Mathew  Paris  i 

in  the  yere  of  our  Lord  1243.  i 

THe  Lord  therefore   being  provoked  to    indignation,  ! 

by    reason    of   this    and     other     sinnes     committed  ! 

among  us  Christians,  is  become,  as  it  were,  a  destroying  ■ 

enemie,    and    a    dreadfull    avenger.     This    I    may  justly  ; 

afBrme    to    be     true,    because    an    huge    nation,    and    a  ! 

barbarous  and   inhumane  people,  whose  law  is  lawlesse,  ; 

whose    wrath   is   furious,  even    the    rod   of  Gods   anger,  j 

overrunneth,    and     utterly    wasteth     infinite    countreyes,  j 

cruelly  abolishing  all  things  where  they  come,  with  fire  j 
and  sword.  And  this  present  Summer,  the  foresayd 
nation,  being  called  Tartars,  departing  out  of  Hungarie, 
which  they  had  surprised  by  treason,  layd  siege  unto  the 
I  Neustat.  very  same  II  towne,  wherein  I  my  selfe  abode,  with  many 
thousands    of  souldicrs :   neither  were  there  in  the  sayd 

50 


THE   TARTARS  ad. 

1243- 

towne  on  our  part  above  50.  men  of  warre,  whom,  together 
with  20.  crosbowes,  the  captaine  had  left  in  garrison.  All 
these,  out  of  certeine  high  places,  beholding  the  enemies 
vaste  armie,  and  abhorring  the  beastly  crueltie  of  Anti- 
christ his  complices,  signified  foorthwith  unto  their 
governour,  the  hideous  lamentations  of  his  Christian 
subjects,  who  suddenly  being  surprised  in  all  the  province 
adjoyning,  without  any  difference  or  respect  of  condition, 
fortune,  sexe,  or  age,  were  by  manifolde  cruelties,  all  of 
them  destroyed  :  with  whose  carkeises,  the  Tartarian 
chieftains,  and  their  brutish  and  savage  followers,  glutting 
themselves,  as  with  delicious  cates,  left  nothing  for  vul- 
tures but  the  bare  bones.  And  a  strange  thing  it  is  to 
consider,  that  the  greedie  and  ravenous  vultures  disdeined 
to  praye  upon  any  of  the  reliques,  which  remained.  Olde, 
and  deformed  women  they  gave,  as  it  were,  for  dayly 
sustenance,  unto  their  Canibals  :  the  beautifull  devoured 
they  not,  but  smothered  them  lamenting  and  scritching, 
with  forced  and  unnaturall  ravishments.  Like  barbarous 
miscreants,  they  quelled  virgins  unto  death,  and  cutting 
off  their  tender  paps  to  present  for  deinties  unto  their 
magistrates,  they  engorged  themselves  with  their  bodies. 

Howbeit,  their  spials  in  the  meane  time  discrying  from 
the  top  of  an  high  mountaine  the  Duke  of  Austria,  the 
King  of  Bohemia,  the  Patriarch  of  Aquileia,  the  Duke  of 
Carinthia,  and  (as  some  report)  the  Earle  of  Baden,  with 
a  mightie  power,  and  in  battell  aray,  approching  towards 
them,  that  accursed  crew  immediatly  vanished,  and  all 
those  Tartarian  vagabonds  retired  themselves  into  the 
distressed  and  vanquished  land  of  Hungarie ;  who  as  they 
came  suddenly,  so  they  departed  also  on  the  sudden  : 
which  their  celeritie  caused  all  men  to  stand  in  horrour 
and  astonishment  of  them.  But  of  the  sayd  fugitives,  the 
prince  of  Dalmatia  tooke  eight :  one  of  which  number  the 
Duke  of  Austria  knew  to  be  an  English  man,  who  was 
perpetually  banished  out  of  the  Realme  of  England,  in 
regard  of  certaine  notorious  crimes  by  him  committed. 
This  fellow,  on  the  behalfe  of  the  most  tyrannicall  king  of 

5* 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1243- 

the  Tartars,  had  bene  twise,  as  a  messenger  and  inter- 
preter, with  the  king  of  Hungarie,  menacing  and  plainely 
foretelHng  those  mischiefes  which  afterward  happened, 
unlesse  he  would  submit  himselfe  and  his  kingdome  unto 
the  Tartars  yoke.  Well,  being  allured  by  our  Princes  to 
confesse  the  trueth,  he  made  such  oathes  and  protesta- 
tions, as  (I  thinke)  the  devill  himselfe  would  have  beene 
trusted  for.  First  therefore  he  reported  of  himselfe,  that 
presently  after  the  time  of  his  banishment,  namely  about 
the  30.  yere  of  his  age,  having  lost  all  that  he  had  in  the 
citie  of  Aeon  at  dice,  even  in  the  midst  of  Winter,  being 
compelled  by  ignominious  hunger,  wearing  nothing  about 
him  but  a  shirt  of  sacke,  a  paire  of  shooes,  and  a  haire 
cappe  onely,  being  shaven  like  a  foole,  and  uttering  an 
uncoth  noise  as  if  he  had  bene  dumbe,  he  tooke  his 
journey,  and  so  traveiling  many  countreyes,  and  finding  in 
divers  places  friendly  enterteinment,  he  prolonged  his  life 
in  this  maner  for  a  season,  albeit  every  day  by  rashnesse  of 
speech,  and  inconstancie  of  heart,  he  endangered  himselfe 
to  the  devill.  At  length,  by  reason  of  extreame  travaile, 
and  continuall  change  of  aire  and  of  meats  in  Caldea,  he 
fell  into  a  grievous  sickenesse,  insomuch  that  he  was  wearie 
of  his  life.  Not  being  able  therefore  to  go  forward  or 
backeward,  and  staying  there  a  while  to  refresh  himselfe, 
he  began  (being  somewhat  learned)  to  commend  to  writing 
those  wordes  which  hee  heard  spoken,  and  within  a  short 
space,  so  aptly  to  pronounce,  and  to  utter  them  himselfe, 
that  he  was  reputed  for  a  native  member  of  that  countrey : 
and  by  the  same  dexteritie  he  attained  to  manie  languages. 
This  man  the  Tartars  having  intelligence  of  by  their  spies, 
drew  him  perforce  into  their  societie  :  and  being  admon- 
ished by  an  oracle  or  vision,  to  challenge  dominion  over 

[I.  21.]  the  whole  earth,  they  allured  him  by  many  rewards  to 
their  faithfull  service,  by  reason  that  they  wanted  Inter- 
preters. But  concerning  their  maners  and  superstitions, 
of  the  disposition  and  stature  of  their  bodies,  of  their 
countrey  and  maner  of  fighting  &c,  he  protested  the 
particulars  following  to  be  true  :   namely,  that  they  were 

52 


THE   TARTARS  ad. 

1243- 
above  all  men,  covetous,  hasty,  deceitfull,  and  mercilesse  : 
notwithstanding,  by  reason  of  the  rigour  and  extremitie  of 
punishments  to  be  inflicted  upon  them  by  their  superiours, 
they  are  restreined  from  brawlings,  and  from  mutuall 
strife  and  contention.  The  ancient  founders  and  fathers 
of  their  tribes,  they  call  by  the  name  of  gods,  and  at 
certaine  set  times  they  doe  celebrate  solemne  feasts  unto 
them,  many  of  them  being  particular,  &  but  foure  onely 
generall.  They  thinke  that  all  things  are  created  for 
themselves  alone.  They  esteeme  it  none  offence  to  exer- 
cise cruelty  against  rebels.  They  be  hardie  and  strong  in 
the  breast,  leane  and  pale-faced,  rough  and  huf-shouldred, 
having  flatte  and  short  noses,  long  and  sharpe  chinnes, 
their  upper  jawes  are  low  and  declining,  their  teeth  long 
and  thinne,  their  eye-browes  extending  from  their  fore- 
heads downe  to  their  noses,  their  eies  inconstant  and 
blacke,  their  countenances  writhen  and  terrible,  their 
extreame  joynts  strong  with  bones  and  sinewes,  having 
thicke  and  great  thighes,  and  short  legs,  and  yet  being 
equall  unto  us  in  stature :  for  that  length  which  is  wanting 
in  their  legs,  is  supplied  in  the  upper  parts  of  their  bodies. 
Their  countrey  in  olde  time  was  a  land  utterly  desert  and 
waste,  situated  far  beyond  Chaldea,  from  whence  they 
have  expelled  Lions,  Beares,  &  such  like  untamed  beasts, 
with  their  bowes,  and  other  engines.  Of  the  hides  of 
beasts  being  tanned,  they  use  to  shape  for  themselves  light, 
but  yet  impenetrable  armour.  They  ride  fast  bound  unto 
their  horses,  which  are  not  very  great  in  stature,  but 
exceedingly  strong,  and  mainteined  with  little  provender. 
They  use  to  fight  constantly  and  valiantly  with  javelins, 
maces,  battle-axes,  and  swords.  But  specially  they  are 
excellent  archers,  and  cunning  warriers  with  their  bowes. 
Their  backs  are  slightly  armed,  that  they  may  not  flee. 
They  withdraw  not  themselves  from  the  combate,  till  they 
see  the  chiefs  Standerd  of  their  Generall  give  backe. 
Vanquished,  they  aske  no  favour,  and  vanquishing,  they 
shew  no  compassion.  They  all  persist  in  their  purpose  of 
subduing  the  whole  world  under  their  owne  subjection,  as 

53 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

^243- 

if  they  were  but  one  man,  and  yet  they  are  moe  then 
milhons  in  number.  They  have  60000.  Courriers,  who 
being  sent  before  upon  light  horses  to  prepare  a  place  for 
the  armie  to  incampe  in,  will  in  the  space  of  one  night 
gallop  three  dayes  journey.  And  suddenly  diffusing 
themselves  over  an  whole  province,  and  surprising  all  the 
people  thereof  unarmed,  unprovided,  dispersed,  they  make 
such  horrible  slaughters,  that  the  king  or  prince  of  the 
land  invaded,  cannot  finde  people  sufficient  to  wage  battell 
against  them,  and  to  withstand  them.  They  delude  all 
people  and  princes  of  regions  in  time  of  peace,  pretending 
that  for  a  cause,  which  indeed  is  no  cause.  Sometimes 
they  say,  that  they  will  make  a  voyage  to  Colen,  to  fetch 
home  the  three  wise  kings  into  their  owne  countrey  ; 
sometimes  to  punish  the  avarice  and  pride  of  the  Romans, 
who  oppressed  them  in  times  past ;  sometimes  to  conquere 
barbarous  and  Northren  nations  ;  sometimes  to  moderate 
the  furie  of  the  Germans  with  their  owne  meeke  mildnesse; 
sometimes  to  learne  warlike  feats  and  stratagems  of  the 
French  ;  sometimes  for  the  finding  out  of  fertile  ground 
to  suffice  their  huge  multitudes  ;  sometimes  againe  in 
derision  they  say,  that  they  intend  to  goe  on  pilgrimage 
to  S.  James  of  Galicia.  In  regard  of  which  sleights  and 
collusions  certaine  undiscreet  governors  concluding  a 
league  with  them,  have  granted  them  free  passage  thorow 
their  territories,  which  leagues  notwithstanding  being 
violated,  were  an  occasion  of  ruine  and  destruction  unto 
the  foresayd  governours  &c. 


5+ 


i 


JOHN    DE    PLANO    CARPINI  a.d. 

1246. 

Libellus  historicus  Joannis  de  Piano  Carpini,  qui 
missus  est  Legatus  ad  Tartaros  anno  Domini 
1246.  ab  Innocentio  quarto  Pontifice  maximo. 
Incipit  Prologus  in  librum  Tartarorum. 

Mnibus  Christi  fidelibus  ad  quos  prassens 
scriptum  pervenerit,  frater  Joannes  de 
Piano  Carpini  ordinis  fratrum  minorum, 
Apostolicas  sedis  Legatus,  nuncius  ad  Tar- 
taros &  nationes  alias  Orientis,  Dei  gratiam 
in  prassenti,  &  gloriam  in  futuro,  &  de 
inimicis  suis  gloriam  triumphalem.  Cum 
ex  mandato  sedis  Apostolic^  iremus  ad  Tartaros  &  nationes 
alias  Orientis,  &  sciremus  Domini  Papae  &  venerabilium 
Cardinalium  voluntatem,  elegimus  prius  ad  Tartaros  pro- 
ficisci.  Timebamus  enim  ne  per  eos  in  proximo  ecclesiae 
Dei  periculum  immineret.  Et  quamvis  a  Tartaris  &  aliis 
nationibus  timeremus  occidi,  vel  perpetuo  captivari,  vel 
fame,  siti,  algore,  aestu,  contumelia,  &  laborious  nimiis,  [I.  22.] 
&  quasi  ultra  vires  affligi  (quae  omnia  multo  plusquam 
prius  credidimus,  excepta  morte  vel  captivitate  perpetua 
nobis  multipliciter  evenerunt)  non  tamen  pepercimus  nobis 
ipsis,  ut  voluntatem  Dei  secundum  Domini  papae  man- 
datum  adimplere  possemus,  &  ut  proficeremus  in  aliquo 
Christianis,  ut  saltem  scita  veraciter  voluntate  &  intentione 
ipsorum,  possemus  illam  patefacere  Christianis,  ne  forte 
subito  irruentes  invenirent  eos  imparatos,  sicut  peccatis 
hominum  exigentibus  alia  vice  contigit  :  &  fecerunt 
magnam  stragem  in  populo  Christiano.  Unde  quaecunque 
pro  vestra  utilitate  vobis  scribimus  ad  cautelam,  tanto 
securius  credere  debetis,  quanto  nos  cuncta  vel  ipsi 
vidimus  oculis  nostris,  qui  per  annum  &  quatuor  menses  Annus  is  4. 
&  amplius  ambulavimus  per  ipsos  &  cum  ipsis,  ac  '>-''/7.f^-f  '^^ 
fuimus  inter  eos,  vel  audivimus  a  Christianis  qui  ''■''*'"'^- 
sunt  inter  eos  captivi,  &  ut  credimus  fide  dignis. 
Mandatum  etiam  a  supremo  pontifice  habebamus,  ut 
cuncta    perscrutaremur    &    videremus    omnia    diligenter. 

55 


A.D. 
1246. 

Trater  Bene- 
dictus  Polonus 
comes  Joannis 
de  Piano  Car- 
pint. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

Quod  tarn  nos  quam  frater  Benedictus  ejusdem  ordinis 
qui  nostrae  tribulationis  fuit  socius  &  interpres  fecimus 
studiose. 

De  terra  Tartarorum,  situ,  qualitate  &  dispositione 
aeris  in  eadem.      Cap.  i. 
iOlentes     igitur      facta      scribere      Tartarorum,     ut 


\\Jl.  Sclango- 
rum. 

Oceania  ah 
J  qui  lone. 


Syr  a  or  da, 
curia  major 
imperatoris. 


S I  lectores  facilius  valeant  invenire,  hoc  modo  per 
capitula  describemus.  Primo  quidem  dicemus 
de  terra.  Secundo  de  hominibus.  Tertio  de  ritu. 
Quarto  de  moribus.  Quinto  de  ipsorum  imperio.  Sexto 
de  bellis.  Septimo  de  terris  quas  eorum  dominio 
subjugaverunt.  Octavo  quomodo  Bello  occurratur 
eisdem.  De  terra  possumus  hoc  modo  tractare.  In 
principio  quidem  dicemus  de  situ  ipsius  :  secundo  de 
qualitate  :  tertio  de  dispositione  aeris  in  eadem.  Terra 
vero  prcedicta  est  in  ea  posita  parte  Orientis  in  qua  oriens 
sicut  credimus  conjungitur  Aquiloni.  Ab  Oriente  autem 
est  terra  posita  Kytaiorum  &  etiam  II  Solangorum  :  a 
meridie  sunt  terrae  Saracenorum  :  inter  Occidentem  & 
Meridiem  Huyrorum.  Ab  Occidente  provincia  Nay- 
manorum  ;  ab  Aquilone  mari  oceano  circundatur.  Haec 
vero  in  parte  aliqua  est  nimium  montuosa,  &  in  aliqua  est 
campestris,  sed  fere  tota  admixta  glarea,  raro  argillosa, 
plurimum  est  arenosa.  In  aliqua  parte  terrae  sunt  aliquas 
modicae  sylvae  :  alia  vero  est  sine  lignis  omnino.  Cibaria 
autem  sua  decoquunt  &  sedent  tam  imperator  quam 
principes  &  alii  ad  ignem  factum  de  boum  stercoribus  & 
equorum.  Terra  autem  praedicta  non  est  in  parte 
centesima  fructuosa  :  nee  etiam  potest  fructum  portare 
nisi  aquis  fluvialibus  irrigetur.  Sed  aqua  &  rivi  ibidem 
sunt  pauci  :  flumina  vero  rarissima  unde  ibidem  villae 
sunt  paucae  ;  nee  aliquae  civitates  excepta  una,  quae  esse 
dicitur  satis  bona  ;  nos  autem  non  vidimus  illam,  sed 
fuimus  prope  ad  dimidium  diem,  cum  apud  Syram  ordam 
essemus,  quae  curia  est  major  imperatoris  eorum.  Et  licet 
alias  infructuosa  sit,  quamvis  non  multum,  tamen  com- 
petenter    est    alendis    pecoribus    apta.       Aer    in    ipsa    est 

56 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  a.d. 

1246. 

mirabiliter  inordinatus.     In  media  etiam  asstate  quando  in 

aliis   partibus    solet   calor    maximus    abundare  ;    ibi    sunt 

tonitrua    magna    &    fulgura,    ex    quibus    homines    quam 

plurimi    occiduntur.      Cadunt    etiam   ibi    eodem   tempore 

maximae  nives.      Ibi  sunt  etiam  frigidissimorum  ventorum  Maxima 

tam   maximas  tempestates,  quod  cum  labore  vix   possunt  ^^^^'^J^^n cestate 

homines  ahquando   equitare.      Unde   cum   essemus   apud 

ordam  (sic  enim  stationes  imperatoris  apud  eos  &  principum 

appellantur)   jacebamus   in    terra   prae    magnitudine   venti 

prostrati,  &  propter  pulveris  multitudinem  videre  minime 

poteramus.      In  ea  etiam  in  hyeme  nusquam  pluit,  sed  in 

aestate  :    &    tam    modicum,    quod   vix    potest    aliquando 

pulverem  &  radices  graminum  madidare.     Grando  etiam   Grando 

ibi   saepe   maxima  cadit.      Unde  eo  tempore  quando   fuit  ^^^^^^■ 

electus,  &  in  sede  regni  poni  debuit  imperator,  nobis  in 

curia   existentibus,    tanta   cecidit  grando,   quod  ex  subita  Maxlmahun- 

resolutione,  sicut  plenius  intelleximus,  plusquam  centum  &  dam  ex  subita 

quadraginta  homines   in    eadem   curia   fuerunt   submersi.  S^^^f^^^^ 

.  j'csotutioTie , 

Res  autem   &  habitacula  plura  deducta  fuerunt.     Ibi  est 

etiam  in  aestate  subito  magnus  calor,  &  repente  maximum 

frigus.      In   hyeme  vero  in  ahqua  parte   cadunt  maximae 

nives,  in  aha  autem  parvae.     Et  ut  breviter  de  terra  con- 

cludam,    magna    est,    sed     ahter,    sicut    vidimus    ocuhs 

nostris,   (quia   per   ipsam   circuendam    quinque    mensibus  Iter  quhque 

&     dimidium      ambulavimus)     multo     vihor     est,    quam  mensium  ^ 

dicere  valeamus.  dimidh. 

De   formis    Tartarorum,   de    conjugio,   vestibus    & 
habitaculis  eorum.      Cap.  2. 

DIcto  de  terra,  de  hominibus  est  dicendum.  Primo 
quidem  formas  describemus  personarum.  Secundo 
de  ipsorum  conjugio  supponemus.  Tertio  de  vesti- 
bus. Quarto  de  habitaculis.  Quinto  de  rebus 
eorum.  Forma  personarum  ab  hominibus  ahis  est 
remota.  Inter  oculos  enim  &  genas  plusquam  alii  [I.  23.] 
homines  sunt  lati.  Genae  etiam  satis  prominent  a 
maxillis.  Graciles  sunt  gejieraliter  in  cingulo  exceptis 
quibusdam  paucis.     Pene  omnes  sunt  mediocris  staturae. 

57 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

Barba  fere  omnibus  minime  crescit.  Aliqui  tamen  in 
inferiori  labio  &  in  barba  modicos  habent  crines,  quos 
minime  tondent.  Super  verticem  capitis  in  modum 
clericorum  habent  coronas,  &  ab  aure  una  usque  ad 
aliam,  ad  latitudinem  trium  digitorum  similiter  omnes 
radunt.  Quae  rasurae  coronae  praedictae  junguntur.  Super 
frontem  etiam  ad  latitudinem  duorum  digitorum  similiter 
omnes  radunt.  Illos  autem  capillos  qui  sunt  inter 
coronam  &  prastaxatam  rasuram  crescere  usque  ad  super- 
cilia  sinunt.  Et  ex  utraque  parte  frontis  tondendo 
plusquam  in  medio  crines  faciunt  longos  :  reliquos  vero 
crines  permittunt  crescere  ut  mulieres.  De  quibus  faciunt 
duas  cordas,  &  ligant  unamquamque  post  aurem.  Pedes 
etiam  modicos  habent.  Uxores  vero  habet  unusquisque 
quot  potest  tenere.  Aliquis  centum,  aliquis  quinquaginta, 
aliquis  decem,  aliquis  plures  vel  pauciores  :  &  omnibus 
parentibus  generaliter  junguntur,  excepta  matre,  filia,  vel 
sorore  ex  eadem  matre,  sororibus  etiam  ex  patre :  tamen 
&  uxores  patris  post  mortem  ducere  possunt.  Uxorem 
etiam  fratris  alter  frater  junior  post  mortem  vel  alius  de 
parentela  junior  ducere  tenetur.  Reliquas  mulieres  omnes 
sine  ulla  differentia  ducunt  in  uxores,  &  emunt  eas  valde 
pretiose  a  parentibus  suis.  Post  mortem  maritorum  de 
facili  ad  secunda  conjugia  non  migrant,  nisi  quis  velit 
Vestes.  suam  novercam  ducere  in  uxorem.  Vestes  autem  tarn 
virorum  quam  mulierum  sunt  uno  modo  formatas. 
Palliis,  cappis  vel  capputiis  vel  pellibus  non  utuntur. 
Tunicas  vero  portant  de  Bukeramo,  purpura,  vel  Baldaquino 
in  hunc  modum  formatas.  A  supremo  usque  deorsum 
sunt  scissae,  quia  ante  pectus  duplicantur.  A  latere  vero 
sinistro  una,  &  in  dextris  tribus  ligaturis  nectuntur,  &  in 
latere  &  in  sinistro  usque  ad  brachiale  sunt  scissae.  Pellicia 
cujuscunque  sunt  generis  in  eundem  modum  formantur  : 
superius  tamen  pellicium  exterius  habet  pilum,  sed  a 
posterioribus  est  apertum.  Habet  autem  caudulam  unam 
usque  ad  genua  retro.  Mulieres  vero  quae  sunt  maritatae 
habent  tunicam  vaide  amplam  &  usque  ad  terram  ante 
scissam.     Super  caput  vero  habent  unum  quid  rotundum 

58 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 

de  viminibus  vel  de  cortice  factum,  quod  in  longum  pro- 

tenditur    ad    unam    ulnam,    &    in    summitate   desinit    in 

quadrum  :   &  ab  imo  usque  ad  summum  in  amplitudine 

semper   crescit,    &    in    summitate   habet   virgulam   unam 

longam  &  gracilem  de  auro  vel  de  argento  seu  de  ligno, 

vel  etiam  pennam  :    &  est  assutum  super  unum  pileolum, 

quod     protenditur     usque    ad    humeros.      Instrumentum 

praedictum   est   tectum    de   buccaramo,   sive   purpura   vel 

baldaquino  :     sine     quo     instrumento    coram     hominibus 

nunquam  vadunt,  &  per  hoc  ab  aliis  mulieribus  cognos- 

cuntur.     Virgines  autem  &  juvenes  mulieres  cum  magna 

difficultate  a  viris  suis  possunt  discerni  :    quum  per  omnia 

vestiuntur  ut  viri.     Pileola  habent  alia  quam  alias  nationes, 

quorum   formam   intelligibiliter   describere    non   valemus. 

Stationes  rotundas  habent  in  modum  tentorii  prasparatas,  Tabenmcula. 

de  virgis  &  baculis  subtiliter  factas.     Supra  vero  in  medio 

rotundam  habent  fenestram  unde  lumen  ingreditur,  &  ut 

possit  fumus  exire  :   quia  semper  in  medio  ignem  faciunt. 

Parietes  autem  &  tecta  filtro  sunt  cooperta.     Ostia  etiam 

de    filtro    sunt    facta.     Quaedam    stationes    sunt    magnae, 

quaedam     parvae,     secundum      dignitatem    &     hominum 

parvitatem.     Quaedam  solvuntur  subito  &  reparantur,  & 

super  somarios  deferuntur.     Quaedam  dissolvi  non  possunt, 

sed  in  curribus   deferuntur.      Minoribus  autem  in  curru 

ad  deferendum  unos  bos  ;    majoribus  tres  vel  quatuor,  vel 

etiam  plures,  vel  quod  est  magis,  sufficiunt  ad  portandum. 

Quocunque  vadunt  sive  ad  bellum,  sive  alias,  semper  illas 

deferunt   secum.     In  animalibus  sunt  divites  valde  :    in  Opesinpecore. 

camelis,    bobus,    ovibus,   capris,    &   equis.     Jumentorum 

tantam  habent  multitudinem,  quantam  non  credimus  habere 

totum  mundum.     Porcos  &  alias  bestias  minime  habent. 

De  cultu  &  de  hiis  qu^  credunt  esse  peccata,  &  de 
divinationibus  &  ritu  funeris  eorum,  &  de 
purgationibus  suorum  peccatorum.      Cap.  3. 

DIcto    de    hominibus,     dicendum     est     de    ritu  :     de 
quo  tractabimus  in  hunc  modum.     Primo  de  cultu  : 
secundo    de    hiis  quae    credunt    esse    peccata  :     tertio    de 

59 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

divinationibus,  &  purgationibus  peccatorum  :  quarto  de 
ritu  funeris.  Unum  Deum  credunt,  quern  credunt  esse 
factorem  omnium  visibilium  &  invisibilium.  Et  credunt 
eum  tam  bonorum  in  hoc  mundo  quam  poenarum  esse 
factorem  :  non  tamen  orationibus  vel  laudibus,  aut  ritu 
aliquo  ipsum  colunt.  Nihilominus  habent  idola  quasdam 
de  filtro  ad  imaginem  hominis  facta  ;  &  ilia  ponunt  ex 
utraque  parte  ostii  stationis,  &  subtus  ilia  ponunt 
quiddam  de  filtro  in  modum  uberis  factum,  &  ilia 
credunt  esse  pecorum  custodes,  &  eis  beneficium  lactis  & 
pullorum  prasstare.  Alia  vero  faciunt  de  pannis  sericis,  & 
ilia  multum  honorant.  Quidam  ponunt  ilia  in  pulchro 
curru  tecto  ante  ostium  stationis  :  &  quicunque  aliquid  de 
[I.  24.1  illo  curru  furatur,  sine  ulla  miseratione  occiditur.  Duces, 
millenarii,  &  centenarii  unum  semper  habent  in  medio 
stationis.  Praedictis  idolis  offerunt  primum  lac  omnis 
pecoris  &  jumenti.  Et  cum  primo  comedere  &  bibere 
incipiunt,  primo  offerunt  eis  de  cibariis  &  potu.  Et 
cum  bestiam  aliquam  occidunt,  oiferunt  cor  Idolo  quod 
est  in  curru  in  aliquo  cypho,  &  dimittunt  usque 
mane,  &  tunc  auferunt  de  praesenti  ejus,  &  decoquunt 
&  manducant.  Primo  etiam  imperatori  faciunt  idolum, 
quod  ponunt  in  curru,  ante  quam  stationem  honor- 
ifice,  sicut  vidimus  ante  ordam  imperatoris  istius,  oiferunt 
munera  multa.  Equos  etiam  offerunt  ei,  quos  nullus 
audet  ascendere  usque  ad  mortem.  Alia  etiam  animalia 
eidem  offerunt.  Quae  vero  occidunt  ad  manducandum, 
nullum  OS  ex  eis  confringunt,  sed  igni  comburunt.  Et 
etiam  ad  meridiem  tanquam  Deo  inclinant,  &  inclinare 
faciunt  alios  nobiles,  qui  se  reddunt  eisdem.  Unde 
nuper  contigit  quod  Michael,  qui  fuit  unus  de  magnis 
ducibus  Russiae,  cum  ivisset  ad  se  reddendum  Bati, 
fecerunt  eum  prius  inter  duos  ignes  transire  :  Post  hoc 
dixerunt,  quod  ad  meridiem  Cyngis  can  inclinaret. 
Qui  respondit,  quod  Bati  &  servis  suis  inclinaret  libenter, 
sed  imagini  hominis  mortui  non  inclinaret,  quia  non  licet 
hoc  facere  Christianis.  Et  cum  saepe  diceretur,  quod 
inclinaret,    &    nollet,    mandavit    ei    praedictus    per    filium 

60 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI 

Jeroslai,  quod  occideretur  si  non  inclinaret.  Qui  respondit, 
quod  potius  vellet  mori,  quam  hoc  faceret,  quia  non 
liceret.  At  ille  satellitem  unum  misit,  qui  tarn  diu  contra 
cor  eum  in  ventre  cake  percussit,  quousque  deficeret. 
Tunc  quidam  de  suis  militibus  qui  astabat  confortans  eum 
dixit  :  Esto  robustus  quia  haec  poena  non  diu  tibi  durabit, 
&  statim  sequetur  gaudium  sempiternum  :  post  hoc  fuit 
caput  ejus  cultello  prascisum.  Militi  vero  prasdicto  fuit 
caput  etiam  cultello  amputatum.  Solem  igitur  lumina  & 
ignem  venerantur  &  adorant,  &  aquam  &  terram,  eis 
ciborum  &  potus  primitias  offerentes,  &  mane  potissime 
antequam  comedant  &  bibant  :  quia  de  cultu  Dei  nullam 
legem  observant.  Neminem  cogunt  suam  fidem  vel 
legem  negare.  Accidit  tamen  dum  adhuc  nuper  essemus 
in  terra  quod  Andreas  dux  de  II  Sarvogle  quae  est  in  Russia 
fuit  apud  Bati  accusatus,  quod  educeret  equos  Tartarorum 
de  terra  &  venderet  alias,  &  cum  tamen  non  esset  pro- 
batum  fuit  occisus  :  quod  audiens  junior  frater  ejus,  venit 
cum  uxore  occisi  ad  ducem  praedictum  Bati,  volens  suppli- 
care,  ne  terra  tolleretur  eisdem.  Qui  dixit  par  esse,  quod 
uxorem  fratris  carnalis  praedicti  duceret  in  uxorem  :  & 
mulieri  prascepit  ducere  ilium  in  virum  secundum  consue- 
tudinem  Tartarorum.  Qui  respondit,  quod  prius  vellet 
occidi,  quam  faceret  contra  legem.  At  ille  nihilominus 
tradidit  eam  illi,  quamvis  renuerat  quantum  posset  :  & 
duxerunt  ambo  in  lecto,  &  posuerunt  puerum  super  illam 
plorantem  &  clamantem,  &  cogerunt  eos  commisceri 
coactione  non  conditionali,  sed  absoluta.  Quamvis  de 
justitia  facienda,  vel  peccato  cavendo  nullam  habeant 
legem,  nihilominus  tamen  habent  aliquas  traditiones,  quas 
dicunt  esse  peccata  :  quas  confinxerunt  ipsi  &  patres 
eorum.  Unum  est,  cultellum  figere  in  igne,  vel  etiam 
quocunque  modo  tangere  cum  cultello  :  vel  cum  cultello 
extrahere  carnes  de  caldario  :  juxta  ignem  etiam  incidere 
cum  securi.  Credunt  etiam  quod  sic  auferri  caput  debeat 
igni.  Item  appodiare  se  ad  flagellum,  cum  quo  percutitur 
equus  :  Ipsi  enim  calcaribus  non  utuntur.  Item  tangere 
fiagellis  sagittas.      Item  juvenes  aves  occidere,  vel  accipere  : 

6i 


A.D. 
1246. 

MaTty?-ium 
Michaelis 
duels  Russice. 


II  Fel,  Scir- 
vogle. 

Andreas  dux 
Russt^e. 


De  super- 
stitiosis  tradi- 
tionibus  eorum. 
'Ede\odpr](TK€ia. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

cum  froeno  equum  percutere.  Item  os  cum  osse  alio 
frangere.  Item  lac  vel  aliquem  potum  vel  cibum  super 
terram  effundere.  In  statione  mingere,  sed  si  voluntarie 
facit  occiditur  :  si  autem  aliter,  oportet  quod  pecunia 
solvatur  incantatori,  qui  purificet  eos  :  faciat  etiam 
stationem  &  ea  quae  in  ipsa  sunt  inter  duos  ignes  transire. 
Sed  antequam  sic  purificetur  nullus  audet  intrare  vel 
aliquid  de  ipsa  portare.  Item  si  alicui  morsus  imponitur, 
&  deglutire  non  potest,  &  de  ore  suo  ejicit  eum,  fit  fora- 
men sub  statione,  &  extrahunt  per  illud  foramen,  &  sine 
ulla  misericordia  occiditur.  Item  si  aliquis  calcat  limen 
stationis    alicujus    ducis    interficitur    eodem    modo.       Et 

d^eoTT??.  multa  habent  similia,  de  quibus  longum  est  narrare.     Sed 

homines  occidere,  aliorum  terras  invadere,  res  aliorum 
accipere,  quocunque  injusto  modo  fornicari,  aliis  homiiii- 
bus  injuriari,  facere  contra  Dei  prohibitiones  &  Dei 
prascepta,  nullum  est  peccatum  apud  eos.  De  vita  aeterna 
&  damnatione  perpetua,  nihil  sciunt.  Credunt  tamen  quod 
post  mortem  in  alio  seculo  vivant,  greges  multiplicent, 
comedant,  bibant,  &  alia  faciant,  quae  in  hoc  seculo  a 
viventibus  hominibus  fiunt.  Divinationibus,  auguriis, 
aruspiciis,  veneficiis,  incantationibus  multum  intendunt.  Et 
cum  a  daemonibus  ipsis  respondetur,  credunt  quod  Deus 
ipsis  loquatur,  quem  Deum  vocant  Itoga  :  sed  Comani 
Cham,  id  est,  imperatorem  ipsum  appellant,  quem  mira- 
biliter  timent  &  reverentur  :  ac  oblationes  offerunt  multas, 
&    primitias   cibi    &   potus.      Secundum   autem   responsa 

Cultus  lunce.  ipsius  faciunt  universa.  In  principio  etiam  lunationis  vel 
plenilunio  incipiunt  quicquid  novi  agere  volunt.  Unde 
illam  magnum  imperatorem  appellant,  eique  genua  flectunt 
&  deprecantur.  Solem  dicunt  esse  matrem  lunas,  eo  quod 
lumen  a  sole  recipiat.  Et  ut  breviter  dicam  per  ignem 
credunt  omnia  purificari.  Unde  cum  nuncii  veniunt  ad 
eos,  vel  principes,  vel  qualescunque  personae,  oportet  ipsos 
&  munera  quae  portant  per  duos  ignes  transire,  ut  puri- 
ficentur.     Item  si  cadit  ignis  de  coelo  super  pecora,  vel 

[I-  25.]  super  homines,  quod  ibidem  saepe  contingit,  sive  aliquid 
talium  evenerit  eis,  per  quod  immundos  seu  infortunatos 

6? 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246.  i 

se  reputant,  oportet  similiter  per  incantatores  mundari.    Et  | 

quasi  omnem  spem  suam  in  talibus  posuerunt.     Quando  Rltusfunebris.       ' 
aliquis    eorum   infirmatur,   ponitur   in    statione    ejus   una  j 

hasta,  &  contra  illam  filtrum  circumvolvitur  nigrum  :  & 
ex  tunc  nullus  audet  alienus  postes  stationum  intrare.     Et  ] 

quando  incipit  agonizare,  omnes  recedunt  ab  eo  ;  quoniam 
nullus  de  iis  qui  morti  ejus  assistunt,  potest  ordam  alicujus 
ducis  vel  imperatoris  usque  ad  novam  lunationem  intrare. 
Cum  autem  mortuus  est,  si  est  de  majoribus,  sepelitur 
occulte  in  campo  ubi  placuerit  :  sepelitur  autem  cum 
statione  sedendo  in  medio  ejus,  &  ponunt  mensam  ante 
eum,  &  alveum  carnibus  plenum,  &  cyphum  lactis 
jumentini  :  Sepelitur  autem  cum  eo  unum  jumentum  cum 
pullo,  &  equus  cum  fraeno  &  sella  :  &  alium  equum  come- 
dunt  &  stramine  corium  implent,  &  super  duo  vel  quatuor 
ligna  altius  ponunt,  ut  habeat  in  alio  mundo  stationem  ubi  \ 

moretur,    &  jumentum  de  quo  lac  habeat,  &  possit   sibi  \ 

equos     multiplicare,    &    equos    etiam    in     quibus    valeat  I 

equitare.    Aurum  &  argentum  sepeliunt  eodem  modo  cum  \ 

ipso.  Currus  in  quo  ducitur  frangitur,  &  statio  sua 
destruitur,  nee  nomen  proprium  ejus  usque  ad  tertiam 
generationem  audet  aliquis  nominare.  Alius  etiam  est 
modus  sepeliendi  quosdam  majores.  Vaditur  in  campo 
occulte,  &  ibi  gramina  removent  cum  radicibus,  &  faciunt 
foveam  magnam,  &  in  latere  illius  foveae  faciunt  unam  sub 
terra,  &  ilium  servum  quem  habet  dilectum  ponunt  sub 
eo,  qui  jacet  tam  diu  sub  eo  donee  incipit  agonizare, 
deinde  extrahunt  eum  ut  valeat  respirare,  &  sic  faciunt 
ter.  Et  si  evadet,  postea  est  liber,  &  facit  quicquid  ei 
placuerit,  &  est  magnus  in  statione,  ac  inter  parentes  illius. 
Mortuum  autem  ponunt  in  foveam,  quas  est  in  latere  facta  Idem 
cum  his  quae  superius  dicta  sunt.  Deinde  replent  foveam  ^fp^^^^^^i  fere  ;] 
quae  est  ante  foveam  suam,  &  desuper  gramina  ponunt,  ut  ^     '  j 

fuerant  prius,   ad   hoc,    ne   locus  ulterius  valeat  inveniri.  i 

Alia  faciunt  ut  dictum  est.     In  terra  eorum  sunt  coemeteria  I 

duo.     Unum   in   quo    sepeliuntur    imperatores,   duces  & 
nobiles  omnes  :  &  ubicunque  moriuntur,  si  congrue  fieri  ' 

potest,  illuc  deferuntur.     Sepelitur  autem  cum  eis  aurum 

63 


?nos 


A.D. 
1246. 


Lustrationis 
ritus. 


Obedientia. 


Absttnentia. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

&  argentum  multum.  Aliud  est  in  quo  sepeliuntur  illi 
qui  in  Hungaria  interfecti  fuerunt  :  multi  enim  ibidem 
occisi  fuerunt.  Ad  ilia  coemeteria  nullus  audet  accedere 
praeter  custodes,  qui  ad  custodiendum  positi  sunt  ibidem. 
Et  si  aliquis  accesserit,  capitur,  spoliatur  &  verberatur,  & 
valde  male  tractatur.  Unde  nos  ipsi  nescientes  intravimus 
terminos  coemeterii  eorum  qui  in  Hungaria  occisi  fuerunt, 
&  venerunt  super  nos  sagittas  volantes  :  sed  quia  eramus 
nuncii  consuetudinem  terras  nescientes,  nos  liberos  dimi- 
serunt  abire.  Parentes  autem  &  omnes  alii  qui  morantur 
in  stationibus  suis  oportet  purificari  per  ignem  :  quae 
purificatio  fit  hoc  modo.  Faciunt  duos  ignes,  &  duas 
hastas  ponunt  juxta  ignes,  &  unam  cordam  in  summitate 
hastarum  :  &  ligant  super  cordam  illam  quasdam  scissuras 
de  buccharamo  :  sub  qua  corda  &  ligaturis  inter  illos  duos 
ignes  transeunt  homines,  bestiae  &  stationes  :  Et  sunt  duas 
mulieres,  una  hinc,  &  alia  inde  aquam  projicientes,  & 
quasdam  carmina  recitantes.  Et  si  aliqui  currus  ibi 
franguntur,  vel  etiam  res  ibi  cadunt  aliquae,  incantatores 
accipiunt.  Et  si  aliquis  occiditur  a  tonitruo,  omnes  illos 
homines  qui  morantur  in  stationibus  illis,  oportet  prasdicto 
modo  ignes  transire.  Statio,  lectus,  filtra,  currus,  vestes,  & 
quicquid  talium  habuerint,  a  nullo  tanguntur,  sed  tanquam 
immunda  ab  omnibus  respuuntur. 

De  consuetudinibus  bonis  &  malis  &  cibis  eorum. 

Cap.  4. 

DIcto  de  ritu,  dicendum  est  de  moribus  :  de  quibus 
tractabimus  hoc  modo.  Primo  dicemus  de  bonis, 
secundo  de  malis  :  tertio  de  consuetudinibus  :  quarto  de 
cibis.  Pr^dicti  homines,  scilicet  Tartari  sunt  magis 
obedientes  Dominis  suis,  quam  aliqui  homines  in  hoc 
mundo,  sive  religiosi,  sive  seculares  :  &  magis  reverentur 
eosdem :  neque  de  facili  mentiuntur  eis.  Verbis  ad 
invicem  raro  aut  nunquam  contendunt,  factis  vero  nun- 
quam.  Bella,  rixae,  vulnera,  homicidia  inter  eos  non 
contingunt.  Praedones  &  fures  magnarum  rerum  non 
inveniuntur  inter  eos.      Unde  stationes  &  currus  eorum, 

6+ 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPIXI  a.d. 

1246. 
ubi    habent    thesaurum     suum     setis    aut    vectibus     non 
firmantur.      Si   aliquas    bestiae    perduntur,    quicunque    in- 
venerit  eas  vel  dimittit  sic  esse,  vel  ducit  eas  ad  homines 
illos,  qui   positi   sunt  ad  hoc.     Homines  autem  quorum 
sunt  bestiae  apud  eosdem  illas  requirunt,  &   absque  ulla 
difficultate  recipiunt  illas.      Unus  alium  satis  honorat  :   &   Comltas, 
ad  invicem  sunt  satis  familiares :   Et  cibaria  quamvis  inter 
illos  sint  pauca,  tamen   inter   se   satis   competenter   com- 
municant   ilia ;     &    satis   sunt   sufferentes.     Unde   quum   Temperantla. 
jejunant    uno    die  vel    duobus    diebus    nihil    comedentes 
omnino  de  facili  non  videntur  impatientes,  sed  cantant  & 
ludunt    quasi   comederunt   bene.      In  equitando    multum 
sustinent  frigus,  &  calorem  nimium  patiuntur.     Non  sunt 
homines  delicati.     Invidi  ad  invicem  non  videntur.     Inter 
eos  quasi   nulla  placita   sunt :    nullus    alium   spernit,  sed 
juvat  &   promovet   quantum   congrue    potest.      Mulieres   Castitas 
eorum    sunt  castas :    nee   de   impudicitia   earum  inter  eas  ^«^'^^'«^^- 
aliquid  auditur.     Verba  tamen  quasdam  ex  eis  in  joco  satis  [I.  26.] 
habent  turpia  &  impudica.      Seditiones  vero  inter  eas  raro 
vel  nunquam  audiuntur.     Et  quamvis  multum  inebrientur, 
in  ebrietate    sua    tamen   verbis    vel   facto  nunquam  con- 
tendunt.     Nunc   de   malis    moribus    eorum    est   suppon- 
endum.     Superbissimi  aliis  hominibus  sunt,  &  despiciunt  Insokntla  nd- 
omnes :   ideo  quasi  pro  nihilo  reputant,  sive  nobiles  sint,  "^'^^'^^^  ^xf^^'o^- 
sive  ignobiles.     Vidimus  enim  in  curia  Imperatoris  nobi- 
lem  virum   Jeroslaum,  magnum    Ducem    Russias,   filium 
etiam    Regis    &    Reginse    Georgia:,  &   Soldanos   multos, 
duces  etiam   Soldanorum    nullum   honorem   debitum  re- 
cipere    inter    eos.     Sed    Tartari    qui    erant    eis    assignati, 
quantumcunque   erant  viles,  antecedebant  eos,  &  semper 
primum  locum  &  summum  tenebant :    immo  s^pe  opor- 
tebat  eos  post  eorum  posteriora  sedere.     Iracundi  multum  Iraamdia. 
&  indignantis  naturae  sunt :  &  etiam  aliis  hominibus  plus 
sunt  mendaces,  &  fere  nulla  Veritas  invenitur  in  eis.     In  Mendadtas. 
principio    quidem    sunt    blandi,  sed   in   fine   pungunt   ut 
Scorpio.      Subdoli  sunt  &  fraudulenti,  &  si  possunt  astutia  Fraudulentia. 
circumveniunt  omnes.     Homines  sunt  immundi,  sumendo  ^o^^^^- 
cibum   &  potum,  &  aliis    factis    suis.      Qui   cum  volunt 

I  65  E 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

allquid  mali  facere  aliis  hominibus,  miro  modo  occultant, 
ut  prasvidere  non  possint,  vel  contra   eorum  astutias  re- 

Temulentia.  medium  invenire.  Ebrietas  honorabilis  est  apud  eos :  & 
quum  multum  quis  bibit,  ibidem  rejicit,  nee  propter  hoc 

Extortio.  dimittit  quin  iterum  bibat.  Valde  sunt  cupidi  &  avari, 
exactores  maximi  ad  petendum  :  tenacissimi  retentores,  & 

Criidelttas.  parcissimi  donatores.  Aliorum  hominum  occisio  pro  ni- 
hilo  est  apud  illos.  Et,  ut  breviter  dicam,  omnes  mali 
mores   eorum  propter  prolixitatem  in  scripto  redigi  non 

C'tbt.  possunt.     Cibi   eorum   sunt   omnia   quae  mandi  possunt. 

Comedunt  canes,  lupos,  vulpes,  &  equos ;  &  in  necessitate 
carnes  humanas.  Unde  quando  pugnaverunt  contra 
quandam  civitatem  Kytaorum,  ubi  morabatur  imperator 
ipsorum ;  eam  obsederunt  tam  diu,  quod  defecerunt  ipsis 
Tartaris  omnino  expensae.  Et  quia  non  habebant  quod 
manducarent  omnino,  tunc  accipiebatur  de  decem  homini- 
bus unus  ad  manducandum.  Abluviones  etiam  quae 
egrediuntur  de  jumentis  cum  pulHs  manducant.  Imo 
vidimus  etiam  eos  pediculos  manducare :  vidimus  etiam 
eos  comedere  mures.  Mensalibus  &  manutergiis  non 
utuntur :  panem  non  habent,  nee  olera,  nee  legumina,  nee 
aliquid  ahud  nisi  carnes :  &  tam  paucas  habent,  quod  ali« 
nationes  vix  inde  vivere  possent.  Cum  pinguedine  car- 
nium  multum  polluunt  manus  :  quando  vero  comederunt, 
tunc  manus  ad  ocreas  suas,  vel  ad  gramina,  vel  ad  aliquid 
talium  tergunt.  Solent  etiam  honestiores  habere  aliquos 
panniculos  parvos,  cum  quibus  ultimo  tergunt  manus, 
quando  carnes  manducarunt.  Cibum  unus  eorum  incidit, 
&  alius  accipit  cum  puncto  cultelli  morsellos,  &  unicuique 
praebet,  quibusdam  plus,  quibusdam  minus,  secundum 
quod  plus  vel  minus  volunt  eos  honorare.  Scutellas  non 
lavant,  &  si  aliquando  cum  brodio  lavant  carnium,  iterum 
cum  carnibus  in  olla  reponunt.  Ollas  etiam  vel  caldaria, 
vel  alia  vasa  ad  hoc  deputata  si  abluunt,  simili  modo  lavant. 
Apud  eos  est  magnum,  peccatum,  si  de  cibo  vel  potu  perire 
permittatur  aliquid.  Unde  ossa,  nisi  prius  extrahatur 
medulla,  dari  canibus  non  permittunt.  Vestes  etiam  non 
lavant,  nee  lavari  permittunt,  &  maxime  quo  tonitrua  ab  ilia 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CAKPINI  a.d.  | 

1 246. 

hora  incipiunt  donee  desinant.     Lae  jumentlnum  bibunt  in  j 
maxima quantitate  si  habent:  bibunt etiamovinum,caprinum, 
vaccinum,  &  camelorum.     Vinum,  eervisiam,  &  medonem 

non  habent,  nisi  ab  aliis  nationibus  mittatur,  vel  donetur  i 

eisdem.      In  hyeme,  nisi  divites  sint,  lac  jumentinum  non  i 

habent.      Millium  cum  aqua  decoquunt,  quod  tam  tenue  ! 

faciunt,  quod  non  comedere  sed  bibere  possunt.     Et  unus  i 

quisque  ex  eis  bibit  cyphum  unum  vel  duos  in  mane,  &  ; 

nil  plus  in  die  manducant.     In  sero  unicuique  parum   de  i 

carnibus  datur,  &  brodium  de  carnibus  bibunt.     In  aestate  i 

autem,  quia  tunc  habent  satis  de  lacte  jumentino   carnes  i 

raro    manducant,   nisi   forte    donentur   eis,   aut  venatione  ' 

aliquam  bestiam  ceperint,  sive  avem.     Legem  etiam  sive  P^^^  • 
consuetudinem  habent  occidendi  virum  &  mulierem  quos  ^''^^^^^^'■"• 
in  adulterio  invenerint  manifeste.     Similiter  &  virginem  si 
fornicata  fuerit,  mulierem  occidunt  &  virum.     Si  aliquis 

invenitur  in  prseda  vel  in  furto  manifesto  in  terra  potes-  Furfi.  ■, 

tatis  eorum  sine  ulla  miseratione  occiditur.     Item  si  aliquis  Jrcani  i 

eorum   deundat  consilium,  maxime  quando  volunt  ire  ad  ^"^^k^^^-  \ 

bellum,   centum   plagae   dantur   super    posteriora,   quanto  \ 

majores   dare   cum   baculo   magno   unus  rusticus    potest.  I 

Item   quando  aliqui  de  minoribus  offendunt  in  aliquo  a  j 
suis  majoribus  non  parcitur  eis,  sed  verberibus  graviter 

affliguntur.     Item  inter  filium  concubinae  &  uxoris  nulla  1 

est  differentia,  sed  dat  pater  unicuique  eorum  quod  vult,  j 

et  si  est  de  genere  ducum,  ita  est  dux  filius  concubinae,  j 

sicut    filius    legitimus.       Et    cum    unus    Tartarus    habet  iiox^va/t/a.  ; 

multas    uxores,    unaquaeque    per    se    suam   stationem,   &  I 

familiam  habet :  &  cum  una  comedit,  &  bibit,  &  dormit  I 

una  die,  &  altera  die  cum  alia.     Una  tamen  ex  ipsis  major  ! 
est  inter   alias,  &    frequentius   cum    ilia   quam   cum  aliis 

commoratur.     Et  cum  tam  multae  sint  inter  se  tamen  de  \ 

facili  non  contendunt.     Viri  nihil  operantur  omnino  ex-  j 

ceptis  sagittis :   &  etiam  de  gregibus  aliquantulam  habent  ; 

curam,    sed    venantur,    &    exercent    se    ad   sagittandum :  j 

Omnes  enim  a  parvo  usque  ad  magnum  sagittarii  sunt  &  j 
boni.     Et  statim  pueri  eorum,  cum  sunt  duorum   anno- 

rum  vel  trium,  incipiunt  equitare.     Equos  eorum  regunt  ] 

67  ' 


AD. 

1246. 


[I.  27-] 


Fcsmino' 
Metce  incog- 
n'ltce  eodeni 
modo  vest'iun- 
tur. 


Tartarice 
popidi. 
Tartar 
fiiiz'ius. 


Cyngis  ortus 
y  res  gesta-. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

&  currunt  in  eis :  &  dantur  eis  arcus  secundum  suam 
aetatem,  &  instruunt  ad  sagittandum.  Agiles  enim  sunt  & 
audaces  valde.  Virgines  &  mulieres  equitant,  &  agiliter 
in  equis  currunt  ut  viri.  Vidimus  enim  eas  arcus  & 
pharetras  portare.  Et  tam  viri  quam  mulieres  diu  in 
equitando  possunt  durare.  Brevissimas  habent  strepas : 
equos  valde  custodiunt :  imo  rerum  omnium  sunt  magni 
conservatores.  Mulieres  eorum  omnia  operantur.  Pel- 
licia,  vestes,  calceos,  ocreas,  &  omnia  opera  quae  de  corio 
fiunt.  Currus  etiam  ducunt  &  reparant,  camelos  onerant, 
&  velocissimas  sunt  &  strenuas  in  omnibus  operibus  suis : 
foemoralibus  omnes  utuntur :    aliquas,  sicut  viri,  sagittant. 

De  ipsorum  Imperio.      Cap.  5. 

DIcto  de  eorum  consuetudinibus,  dicendum  est  de 
eorum  imperio.  Et  primo  de  ipsius  principio. 
Secundo  de  principibus  ejus.  Tertio  de  dominio  Impera- 
toris  &  principum.  Terra  quaedam  est  in  partibus 
Orientisj  de  qua  dictum  est  supra,  quae  Mongol  nominatur. 
Haec  terra  quondam  quatuor  populos  habuit.  Et  unus 
Yek  a  Mongol,  id  est,  magni  Mongali  vocabatur.  Se- 
cundus  Sumongol,  id  est  Aquatici  Mongali.  Ipsi  autem 
se  ipsos  Tartaros  appellabant,  a  quodam  fluvio,  qui  currit 
per  terram  eorum,  qui  Tartar  nominatur.  Alius  appellatur 
Merkat,  quartus  Metrit.  Hii  populi  omnes  unam 
formam  personarum,  &  unam  linguam  habebant :  quamvis 
inter  se  per  principes  &  provincias  essent  divisi.  In  terra 
Yeka-Mongol  fuit  qui  vocabatur  Cyngis.  Iste  incepit 
esse  robustus  venator  coram  Domino.  Didicit  enim 
homines  furari,  rapere,  praedari.  Ibat  autem  ad  alias 
terras,  &  quoscunque  potuit  capere,  &  sibi  associare  non 
demittebat :  homines  vero  suae  gentis  ad  se  inclinabat, 
qui  tanquam  ducem  ipsum  sequebantur  ad  omnia  male- 
facta.  Hie  autem  incepit  pugnare  cum  Sumongal,  sive 
Tartaris,  postquam  homines  aggregaverat  sibi,  &  inter- 
fecit  ducem  eorum,  &  multo  bello  omnes  Tartaros  sibi 
subjugavit  &  in  suam  servitutem  redegit.  Post  haec  cum 
omnibus  his  pugnavit,  cum  Merkat,  qui  erant  positi  juxta 

68 


A.D. 
1246. 


Naymani. 


Fratres 

discordantes 

oppressi. 


JOHN    DE   PLANO    CARPINI 

terram  Tartarorum,  quos  etiam  bello  sibi  subjecit:  Inde 
procedens  pugnavit  contra  Metritas,  &  etiam  illos  devicit. 
Audentes  itaque  Naymani,  quod  Cyngis  erat  taliter 
elevatus,  indignati  fuerunt.  Ipsi  enim  habuerunt  Impera- 
torem,  qui  fuerat  strenuus  valde,  cui  dabant  tributum 
omnes  nationes  praedictae.  Qui  debitum  universae  carnis 
exsolvens,  filii  ejus  successerunt  loco  ejus;  sed  juvenes 
erant  &  stulti,  &  populum  nesciebant  tenere :  sed  invicem 
divisi  erant  &  scissi :  unde  medio  tempore  Cyngis  erat 
taliter  exaltatus,  nihilominus  insultum  faciebant  in  terras 
superius  annotatas,  viros  &  mulieres,  &  pueros  occidebant, 
&  capiebant  praedam  eorum.  Cyngis  hoc  audiens,  omnes 
sibi  subjectos  homines  aggregavit.  Naymani  &  Kara  Kara  Kitai. 
Kitai,  id  est,  nigri  Kitai,  ex  adverso  in  quandam  vallem 
strictam  inter  montes  duos,  per  quam  nos  euntes  ad  im- 
peratorem  eorum  transivimus,  similiter  conveniunt  :  & 
commissum  est  pr^lium,  in  quo  Naymani  &  Kara  Kitai  a 
Mongallis  sunt  devicti,  &  major  pars  eorum  occisa  :  & 
alii  qui  evadere  non  potuerunt  in  servitutem  redacti  sunt. 
In  terra  autem  praedictorum  Kara  Kytaorum  Occaday  can 
filius  Cyngis  can,  postquam  positus  fuit  imperator,  quan- 
dam civitatem  asdificavit,  quam  llOmyl  appellavit.  Prope 
quam  ad  meridiem  est  quoddam  desertum  magnum,  in 
quo  sylvestres  homines  pro  certo  habitare  dicuntur,  qui 
nullo  modo  loquuntur,  nee  in  cruribus  habent  juncturas  : 
&  si  quando  cadunt,  per  se  surgere  sine  adjutorio  aliorum 
minime  possunt,  aliquantam  tamen  habent  discretionem. 
Mongali  autem  in  terram  eorum  revertentes  se  contra 
Kytaos  in  praelium  praeparaverunt,  qui  castra  moventes 
terram  eorum  intraverunt.  Imperator  autem  Kytaorum 
hoc  audiens  venit  contra  eos  cum  exercitu  suo  ;  &  com- 
missum est  praelium  durum  ;  in  quo  praelio  Mongali 
fuerunt  devicti  :  &  omnes  nobiles  Mongallorum  qui 
erant  in  praedicto  exercitu  fuerunt  occisi  usque  ad  septem. 
Cyngis  vero  &  alii  qui  remanserunt  in  terram  suam 
fugerunt.  Et  quum  aliquantulum  quievisset  Cyngis, 
praeparavit  se  rursus  ad  praelium  &  contra  terram 
Huyrorum  processit  ad  bellum.     Isti  homines  Christiani 

69 


Occoday  can. 

II  Fel  Chanyl. 

Homines 
sylvestres. 


De  mutua 

victoria 

Mongalorum 

ISj  Kytaorum. 

Tartarorum 

Kytatna 

clades. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

de  secta  Nestorianorum  erant,  quos  etiam  bello  devicit,  & 

eorum  literas  acceperunt.     Nam  prius  scripturam  aliquam 

Novce victoria  non  habebant.     Nunc  autem  eandem  literam  Mongallorum 

literal.  appellant.     Inde  process! t  contra   terram   Saruiuorum,   & 

Vel  Sarutur.     contra  terram   Karavitarum,  &   contra  terram  Voyrat,  ^v^ 

VelKaramta-  contra  terram  Comana,  quas  terras  omnes  devicit.     Inde 

VdHndirat    ^^^    ^^"^    terram    suam    reversus.      Et    cum    aliquantulumi 

quievisset,  convocatis  omnibus  gentibus  supradictis,  contra 

Kytaos  ad  bellum  processit,  &  cum  diu  contra  eos  pug- 

nasset  magnam  partem  terrae  Kytaorum  vicerunt :  Impera- 

torem  autem  eorum  concluserunt  in  sua  civitate  majori  : 

quam  cum  tam  diu  obsiderunt,  quod  exercitui  defecerunt 

expensae,  &  cum  non  haberent  quod  manducarent,  prae- 

cepit  illis  Cyngis  can,  quod  de  decem  hominibus  unum 

darent  ad  manducandum.     Illi  autem  de  civitate  pugna- 

Argenium  loco  bant   viriliter   contra   illos   sagittis  &  machinis  :    Et   cum 

lapidum  in       deficerent  lapides,  pro  lapidibus  projecerunt  argentum,  & 

OS  em  pi 0-       niaxime    liquefactum.     Civitas    enim  hasc   multis    divitiis 
jectum.  ^  1    11       • 

erat  plena.     Et  cum  dm  pugnassent,  &  eam  bello  vincere 

minime  possent,  fecerunt  unam  magnam  viam  sub  terra  ab 

exercitu  usque  ad  mediam  civitatem,  &  aperientes  subito 

[I.  28.]  terram,  eis  nescientibus  prosilierunt  in  medio  civitatis,  & 

K-^tal  vict'i.      pugnabant  cum  hominibus  civitatis,  &  illi  qui  erant  extra 

simili  modo  pugnabant,  &  concidentes  portas  intraverunt 

civitatem  :  &  occidentes  Imperatorem  &  homines  plures, 

civitatem  possidebant  :  &  aurum  &  argentum,  &  omnes 

divitias  abstulerunt.     Et  cum  terrae  praedictas  Kytaorum 

suos  homines  praefecissent,  in  terram  propriam  sunt  reversi. 

Cyngis  Et  tunc  Imperatore  Kytaorum  devicto  factus  est  Imperator. 

saiutatur  Quandarn  autem  partem  terrse  Kytaorum,  quae  posita  est 

K^thalapars    ^^"^  niari,  usque  in  hodiernum  diem  nullatenus  devicerunt. 

in  mart  posita.  Kytai  autem,  de  quibus  superius  diximus,  homines  sunt 

Kytaorum^         Pagani,  qui  habent  literam  specialem  :   &  habent  novum  & 

hteray  t5         vetus  Testamentum  ;  &  habent  vitas  patrum,  &  Eremitas 

&  domos  quasi  Ecclesias  factas,  in  quibus  orant  temporibus 

suis  :    Et    dicunt    se    quosdam    sanctos   habere.       Unum 

Deum     colunt  :     Dominum     nostrum    Jesum     Christum 

honorant,   &    credunt  vitam  aeternam,    sed   minime   bap- 

70 


JOHN   DE    PLANO    CARPINl  a.d. 

1246. 

tlzantur.     Scripturam    nostram    honorant   &   reverentur  : 

Christianos  diligunt,  &  Ecclesias  faciunt  plures.     Homines 

benigni  &  humani  satis  videntur  :   barbam  non  habent,  & 

in  dispositione  faciei  satis  concordant  cum  Mongalis,  non 

tamen  sunt  in  facie  ita  lati.     Linguam  propriam  habent  :   Opijidorum 

meliores    artifices    non    inveniuntur    in    toto    mundo    in  ^'^''•^• 

omnibus   operibus,    in   quibus   solent    homines  exercitari. 

Terra  eorum  est  opulenta  valde  in  frumento,  vino,  auro, 

argento,  &  serico,  &  omnibus  rebus  in  quibus  solet  sus- 

tentari  humana  natura.     Et  cum  ahquantulum  quievissent, 

suos     exercitus     diviserunt.       Unum     de     fiHis    Tossuch   Tlwssuch  can 

nomine,  quem  etiam  Can  appellabant,  id  est  Imperatorem,   Cyngtsfhus 

misit   cum   exercitu   contra   Comanos,   quos    multo   bello  ^,— ^ 

devicit  :   &  postquam  vicerat  eos  in  terram  suam  reverte- 

batur.     Alium    etiam    filium   misit    cum    exercitu    contra 

Indos  ;    qui    minorem    Indiam    devicerunt.       Hii   autem  If^dia  minor 

nigri    sunt    Saraceni,    qui    ^thiopes    nuncupantur.      Hie  ^^^^^^^^^^ 

autem    exercitus    contra    Christianos,    qui    sint     in    India 

majori    in   pugnam   processit.     Quod    audiens   rex   terrae 

illius,  qui  vulgo  Praesbyter  Johannes  appellatur,  venit  con-  Presbyter 

tra  eos  exercitu  congregato.     Et  faciens  imagines  cupreas  Joannes: 

hominum    in    sella    posuit    super    equos,    ponens    ignem  ^^^^  ^^ 

Q  .       I         .  ^  7,        '     ^  .         t?  siratagema. 

interius,   &    posuit    nominem   cum   rolle   post    imaginem 

cupream    super   equum  :    &   cum   multis    imaginibus,   & 

equis    taliter    prasparatis    venerunt    contra     praedictos    ad 

pugnandum.     Et  cum  ad  locum  praelii  pervenissent,  istos 

equos  unum  juxta  unum  praemiserunt.     Viri  autem,  qui 

erant  retro,  posuerunt  nescio  quid  super  ignem  qui  erat  in 

praedicta    imagine,   &   cum    follibus   fortiter    sufflaverunt. 

Unde  factum  est,  quod  de  fumo  illo  aer  est  denigratus. 

Et  tunc  super  Tartaros  jecerunt  sagittas,  ex  quibus  multi   Victoria  de 

interfecti  &  vulnerati  fuerunt.     Et  sic  cum  confusione  eos  Panaris. 

de  finibus  suis  ejecerunt  :   Et  nunquam  audivimus,  quod 

ultra  ad  eos  redierunt.     Cum  autem  per  deserta  redirent, 

in   quandam   terram    venerunt    in   qua   quaedam   monstra  De  monstrosls 

foemineas  imagines  habentia  reperierunt.     Et  cum  inter-  mulicribus  Iff 

rogassent  eas  per  multos  interpretes  ubi  essent  viri  terras  ^^^^^^^^-^  ^'^^- 

illius,  responderunt  quod  in  ilia  terra  quaecunque  foeminae 

71 


strosanarratio. 


A.D. 
1246. 


Giacies. 


Burutabeth 
regto. 


Incolarum 
mores. 


Terra  Kergis 
Orlenialis. 


Nota  iter 
duorutn  men- 
sium  versus 
Orientem. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

nascebantur,  habebant  formam  humanam  :  Masculi  vero 
formam  caninam.  Et  dum  moram  protraherent  in  terra 
praedicta,  Canes  in  alia  parte  convenerunt  in  unum  :  Et 
dum  esset  hyems  asperrima,  se  omnes  projecerunt  in 
aquam  :  &  post  haec  incontinenti  in  pulverem  movebantur, 
&  ita  pulvis  admixtus  aquas  super  eos  congelavit :  &  dum 
saepe  hoc  fecissent,  giacies  densa  facta  est  super  eos  :  Unde 
cum  magno  impetu  cum  Tartaris  convenerunt  ad  pugnam. 
At  illi  quum  sagittas  super  eos  jactabant,  ac  si  super 
lapides  sagitassent,  retro  sagittae  redibant  :  Alia  etiam 
arma  eorum  in  nullo  eos  laedere  potuerunt.  Canes  vero 
insultum  facientes  in  eos  morsibus  vulneraverunt,  multos 
etiam  occiderunt,  &  ita  ejecerunt  eos  de  finibus  suis.  Et 
dum  reverteretur  exercitus  ille,  venit  ad  terram  Buruta- 
beth, quos  bello  vicerunt  :  qui  sunt  Pagani.  Qui  con- 
suetudinem  mirabilem  imo  potius  miserabilem  habent. 
Quia  cum  aliquis  patrum  suorum  humanae  naturce  debitum 
exsolvit,  omnem  congregant  parentelam,  &  comedunt 
eum.  Isti  pilos  in  barba  non  habent  :  immo  quoddam 
ferrum  in  manibus  portant,  cum  quo  barbam  semper 
depilant,  si  forte  aliquis  crinis  crescit  in  ipsa  :  &  multum 
etiam  deformes  sunt.  Inde  exercitus  ille  revertebatur  in 
terram  suam.  Cyngis  can  etiam  eo  tempore  quo  divisit 
exercitus  illos,  misit  in  expeditione  contra  Orientem  per 
terram  Kergis,  quos  bello  non  vicit  :  &  usque  ad  Caspios 
montes  pervenit,  montes  autem  illi  sunt  de  lapide  adaman- 
tino.  Unde  eorum  sagittas  &  arma  ferrea  ad  se  traxerunt. 
Homines  inter  Caspios  montes  conclusos  viderunt,  qui 
jam  montem  fregerunt  :  sed  nubes  quasdam  erat  posita 
ante  ipsos,  ad  quam  accedere  non  poterant  ullo  modo,  quia 
statim  moriebantur,  cum  perveniebant  ad  illam.  Sed 
antequam  pervenirent  ad  praedictum  montem  plusquam 
per  mensem  vastam  solitudinem  transierunt.  Inde  pro- 
cedentes  adhuc  contra  Orientem  plusquam  per  mensem 
per  magnum  desertum  iverunt.  Et  pervenerunt  ad  quan- 
dam  terram,  ubi  viderunt  vias  tritas,  sed  nullum  hominem 
poterant  invenire.  Sed  tantum  qu^siverunt  per  terram, 
quod   invenerunt  hominem   cum    uxore   sua  ;    quos   ante 

72 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 

Cyngis  can  adduxerunt.     Et  cum  interrogasset,  ubi  essent 
homines    terrae    illius,    responderunt    quod    in    terra    sub 
montibus  habitarent.     At  Cyngis  can  retenta  uxore  misit  Trogkdyta:. 
virum  ilium  cum  nunciis  suis  mandans  hominibus  illis  ut  [I.  29.] 
venirent  ad  mandatum  ipsius.      Illi   vero   euntes  ad  eos, 
narraverunt   omnia   quae   Cyngis  can    mandaverat.      Qui 
responderunt  quod  tali  die  venirent  ad  mandatum  suum 
faciendum.      Medio  vero  tempore  congregaverunt  se  per 
vias  occultas  sub  terra,  &  venerunt  contra  istos  ad  pug- 
nandum  :  &  irruentes  subito  super  eos  plurimos  occiderunt. 
At  illi,  Cyngis  can  videlicet  &  sui  fugam  ineuntes,  terram 
exierunt  prasdictam.     Illos  tamen  homines,  virum   scilicet 
&  mulierem    secum  duxerunt,  qui  usque  ad  mortem   in 
terra   Tartarorum    fuerunt.      Interrogati    vero    quare   sub    'l^'idetiir  Jnc^ 
terra  habitarent,  dixerunt  quod  uno  tempore  anni  quum  ^l^l^'f-^"'^' 
sol  oritur,  tantus  sonitus  est,  quod  homines  nulla  ratione  p-jadeC  ^ 
possunt    sustinere.      Immo    etiam    tunc    percutiebant    in  n'wium  de 
organis  &  tympanis,  &  aliis  instrumentis,  ut  ilium  sonitum  montibus. 
non  audirent.     Et  dum  Cyngis  de  terra  ilia  reverteretur, 
defecerunt  ei  victualia,  &  habebant  maximam  famem.     Et 
tunc  recentia  interiora  unius  bestiae  eos  contigit  invenire  : 
quas  accipientes,  depositis  tamen  stercoribus  decoxerunt  ; 
&  coram  Cyngis  can  portantes  cum  suis  ilia  comedit.     Et  Cyngis  lex. 
ex  hoc  statutum  fuit  ab  eo,  ut  nee  sanguis,  nee  interiora, 
nee    aliquid    de    bestia    quod   manducari    potest,   exceptis 
stercoribus,  projiciatur.     Et  deinde  in  terram  propriam  est 
reversus  :  &  ibidem  leges  &  statuta  multiplicia  fecit,  quae 
Tartari  non  violabiliter  observant.     Ex  quibus  tantum  duo 
dicemus.     Unum  est,  quod  quicunque  in  superbia  erectus, 
propria  authoritate  sine  electione  principum  esse  voluerit 
imperator,  sine  ulla  miseratione  debet  occidi.      Unde  ante 
electionem  ipsius  Cuynch  propter  hoc  unus  de  principibus, 
nepos  ipsius  Cyngis  can  fuit  occisus.     Volebat  enim  sine 
electione  regnare.     Aliud  statutum  est,  quod  sibi  debent 
subjugare  omnem  terram  :    nee  cum  aliqua  gente  debent 
pacem   habere,  nisi   prius  eis  subdatur,  quo  usque  veniat 
tempus   occisionis  eorum.     Debent  enim  occidi,  ut  pro- 
phetatum  est  eis  :  Et  illi  qui  evadere  poterunt,  ut  dicunt, 

73 


Liben 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1246. 

debent  illam  legem  tenere  quam  tenent  alii,  qui  eos  bello 
devincuiit.  Statuit  etiam  quod  per  millenarios,  &  cen- 
tenarios    &    Decanos    debeat    eorum     exercitus    ordinari. 

Interitus.  Post  hoc  ab  ictu  tonitrui  est  occisus,  peractis  suis  ordina- 
tionibus  &  statutis.  Hie  autem  habuit  quatuor  filios : 
Unus  vocabatur  Occoday,  secundus  Tossuch  can,  tertius 
Thaaday :  &  nomen  quarti  ignoramus.  Isti  quatuor  filii 
cum  aliis  majoribus  qui  tunc  erant,  primum  filium  vide- 
licet  Occoday   elegerunt    imperatorem,  filii    autem    istius 

Nepotes.  Occoday    Cuyne,    qui    nunc    est    imperator,    Cocthen    & 

Cyrenen.  Et  si  plures  habuerit  filios  ignoramus.  Filii 
autem  Tossuch  can  Bati :  iste  est  ditior  &  potentior  post 
imperatorem :  Ordu,  iste  est  senior  omnium  ducum : 
Syban,  Bora,  Bercuthanth  :  aliorum  filiorum  Tossuch  can 
nomina  ignoramus.  Filii  Thaaday  sunt  Burin  &  Chadan, 
nomina  aliorum  filiorum  nescimus.  Alterius  autem  filii 
Cyngis  can,  cujus  nomen  nescimus,  filiorum  nomina  sunt 
hasc.  Unus  vocatur  Mengu,  cujus  mater  est  Seroctan. 
Ista  domina  inter  omnes  Tartaros,  excepta  matre  impera- 
toris,  est  magis  nominata :  &  potentior  est  omnibus  ex- 
cepto    Bati.     Alius    vocatur    Becas.      Alios    filios    habuit 

Duces.  plures,  sed  eorum  nomina  ignoramus.     Haec  sunt  ducum 

nomina.  Ordu :  iste  fuit  in  Polonia  &  in  Hungaria : 
Bati,  Cathan,  Syban,  Bureth.  Omnes  isti  fuerunt  in 
Hungaria,  Cyrpodan,  iste  est  adhuc  ultra  mare  contra 
Soldanum  Damasci.  Isti  remanserunt  in  terra :  Mangu, 
Cuthen,  Syrennen,  Hybilay,  Seremum,  Synocur,  Thuata- 
mur,  Cyragay,  Sybedey,  senex  quidam  miles  inter  eos, 
Bora,  Berca,  Mauci,  Choranca :  sed  iste  inter  alios  est 
minimus.  Alii  vero  duces  sunt  plures,  sed  eorum  nomina 
ignoramus. 

Imperatons  Imperator  autem  Tartarorum  habet  mirabile  dominium 

super  omnes.  Nullus  audet  in  aliqua  parte  morari,  nisi 
ipse  assignet  ei.  Ipse  autem  assignat  ubi  maneant  duces : 
millenarii  centenariis,  Centenarii  decanis.  Insuper  quic- 
quid  prascipitur  in  quocunque  tempore,  quocunque  loco, 
sive  ad  bellum,  sive  ad  mortem,  sive  ad  vitam,  sine  ulla 
contradictione   obediunt.     Etiam  si  petit  filiam  virginem 

74 


Tartarorum 
servile  in  om- 
nes mperiurd 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 

vel  sororem,  sine  contradictione  dant  ei.  Aut  singulis 
annis,  aut  intermissis  aliquibus  annis  virgines  colligit  ex 
omnibus  finibus  Tartarorum.  Si  ipse  vult  sibi  retinere 
aliquas  retinet :  alias  dat  suis  hominibus,  sicut  videtur  ei 
expedire.  Nuncios  quoscunque,  quotcunque  &  ubicunque 
transmittit,  oportet  quod  dent  ei  sine  mora  equos  sub- 
dititios  &  expensas.  Undecunque  venerint  ei  tributa  vel 
nuncii,  oportet  quod  equi,  currus,  &  expensae  similiter 
dentur  eis.  Nuncii  qui  veniunt  aliunde  in  magna  miseria 
sunt  in  victu  pariter  &  vestitu  :  quia  expensae  viles  sunt 
&  paucs  :  &  maxime  cum  veniunt  ad  principes,  &  ibi  InJmmamtas 
debent  moram  contrahere.  Tunc  ita  parum  datur  decem  ^^^^  Legates. 
hominibus,  quod  inde  vix  possint  vivere  duo.  Nee  etiam 
in  curiis  principum,  nee  in  via  datur  eis  comedere,  nisi 
semel  in  die,  &  satis  parum.  Insuper  si  aliquas  injuriae 
sibi  fiunt,  conqueri  de  facili  minime  possunt.  Unde  eos 
oportet  ilia  patienter  portare.  Insuper  multa  tam  a  prin- 
cipibus,  quam  ab  aliis  nationibus  et  minoribus  ab  eis  ex- 
iguntur :  &  si  non  daretur,  vili  pendunt  eos,  immo  quasi 
pro  nihilo  habent  eos.  Et  si  a  magnis  viris  mittuntur, 
nolunt  ab  eis  modicum  munus  habere :  sed  dicunt :  A 
magno  homine  venistis,  &  cur  modicum  datis  ?  &  accipere 
dedignantur.  Et  si  nuncii  bene  volunt  facere  facta  sua, 
oportet  eos  dare  majora.  Idcirco  magnam  partem  rerum, 
quae  nobis  a  fidelibus  erant  datae,  oportuit  nos  de  necessi- 
tate muneribus  dare.  Et  sciendum,  quod  ita  omnia  sunt  [I.  30.] 
in  manu  Imperatoris  praedicti,  quod  nemo  audet  dicere, 
hoc  est  meum  vel  illius ;  sed  omnia  sunt  Imperatoris,  res, 
jumenta,  &  homines.  Et  super  hoc  etiam  nuper  emanavit 
Imperatoris  statutum.  Idem  dominium  per  omnia  habent 
duces  super  homines  suos.  Divisi  enim  sunt  homines 
Tartari,  videlicet  etiam  alii  inter  duces.  Nuncii  etiam 
ducum,  quocunque  eos  transmittunt,  &  homines  tam 
Imperatoris  quam  alii  omnes  equos  subdititios  &  expensas, 
&  qui  equos  custodiant,  &  etiam  nunciis  serviant  sine 
contradictione  dare  tenentur.  Imperatori  autem  jumenta 
ut  habeat  ex  eis  lac  ad  annum  vel  ad  duos,  vel  ad  tres, 
sicut  placuerit  ei,  tam  duces  quam  alii  pro  redditu  dare 

75 


A.D. 
1246. 


Occoday  secun- 
dus  hnpcrator 
Tartarorum. 


II  Barthra 
civitas  vel 
BarcJiin. 


II  Vel  Sargult. 


Orna  super 
Don  Jluvium. 


Kioz'ia  c'witas. 


THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

tenentur.  Et  homines  ducum  idem  facere  tenentur 
dominis  suis.  Inter  eos  enim  nullus  est  liber.  Et  ut 
breviter  dicam,  Quicquid  Imperator  &  Duces  volunt,  & 
quantum  volunt  de  rebus  suis  accipiunt.  De  personis 
etiam  eorum  disponunt  per  omnia,  sicut  volunt.  Mortuo 
Imperatore,  sicut  superius  dictum  est,  convenerunt  Duces 
&  elegerunt  Occoday  filium  Cyngis  can  prasdicti  Impera- 
torem.  Qui  habito  consilio  principum  divisit  exercitus. 
Bati,  qui  in  secundo  gradu  attinebat  ei,  misit  contra 
Altisoldanum,  &  contra  terram  Biserminorum.  Hii  erant 
Saraceni,  &  Comanicum  loquebantur.  Et  cum  intrasset 
terram  illorum  pugnavit  contra  eos,  &  bello  eos  sibi 
subjecit.  Quasdam  autem  civitas  quae  ||  Barthra  dicitur, 
diu  restitit  ei,  fecerant  enim  foveas  multas  in  circuitu 
civitatis  &  operuerant  illas ;  &  quando  illi  veniebant 
cadebant  in  foveas.  Unde  non  potuerunt  capere  civitatem, 
donee  illas  foveas  replessent.  Homines  autem  de  quadam 
civitate  quae  vocatur  II  lakint  haec  audientes  exierunt 
obviam  eis,  se  sponte  in  manus  eorum  tradentes :  unde 
civitas  eorum  non  erat  destructa,  sed  plures  eorum  occi- 
derunt,  &  alios  transtulerunt.  Et  accepto  spolio  civitatis, 
ipsam  aliis  hominibus  repleverunt.  Et  venerunt  contra 
civitatem  quae  vocatur  Orna.  Ista  civitas  erat  nimium 
populosa :  Christiani  ibi  erant  plures ;  Gazari  videlicet, 
Rutheni,  &  Alani,  &  alii :  nee  non  &  Saraceni.  Sara- 
cenorum  enim  erat  dominium  civitatis.  Haec  autem 
civitas  erat  divitiis  multum  plena.  Est  enim  posita  super 
fluvium  qui  vocatur  Don,  qui  intrat  in  mare.  Unde  est 
quasi  portus  :  &  forum  maximum  habebant  de  ilia  civitate 
alii  Saraceni.  Et  cum  non  possent  aliter  devincere,  pras- 
ciderunt  fluvium,  qui  currebat  per  civitatem,  &  illam  cum 
rebus  omnibus  submerserunt.  Quo  facto  :  postea  intra- 
verunt  terram  Tortorum,  qui  similiter  sunt  Pagani :  quam 
devincentes,  iverunt  contra  Russiam,  &  fecerunt  magnam 
stragem  in  terra  Russian,  civitates  &  castra  destruxerunt, 
&  homines  occiderunt :  etiam  Kioviam  quae  erat  Metro- 
polis Russiae  obsederunt :  &  cum  diu  obsedissent,  illam 
ceperunt,  &  occiderunt  homines  civitatis.    Inde  procedentes 

76 


JOHN   DE    PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 
pugnando    destruxerunt    totam     Russiam.       De     Russia 
autem  &  Comania  processerunt  duces  praedicti,  &  pugna- 
verunt  contra  Hungaros  &  Polonos.     Ex  quibus  Tartans 
in  Polonia  &  in  Hungaria  plures  interfecti  fuerunt.     Et  si 
non  fugissent,  sed  viriliter  restitissent  Hungari  exivissent 
Tartari    de  finibus  suis  :    quia  tunc   habuerunt  timorem, 
quod  omnes  fugere  attentabant.     Sed  Bati  vaginato  gladio 
in  faciem  eis  restitit,  dicens  :  Nolite  fugere  :  quia  si  fugitis 
nullus   evadet :    Et   si  debemus  mori,  moriamur  omnes  : 
quia  futurum  est,  ut  Cyngis  can  praedixit,  quod  interfici 
debeamus :    Et  si  nunc  est  tempus,  sustineamus.     Et  sic 
animati  sunt  &  remanserunt,  &  Hungarian!  destruxerunt. 
Inde  revertentes   iverunt   in    terram    Morduanorum,  qui  Morduamrum 
sunt  Pagani,  &  bello  devicerunt.     Inde  procedentes  contra  ^^^'^''^• 
Bileros,  id  est,  Bulgarian!  magnam,  &  ipsam  destruxerunt  Bulgaria 
omnino.     Inde  procedentes  ad  Aquilonem  adhuc  contra  ^^^g^^^- 
Bascart,  id  est,  Hungarian!  magnam,  &  eos  etiam  device-  Hungaria 
runt.    Inde  egredientes  iverunt  ad  Aquilonem,  &  venerunt  ^^^^S.''^^- 
ad  Parossitas  qui  habent  parvos  stomachos  &  os  parvulum,  Parossita^. 
nee  manducant,   sed    decoquunt  carnes :    quibus  decoctis 
ponunt  se  inter  fumum  &  ollam,  &  recipiunt  fumum,  & 
de  hoc  solo  reficiuntur  :    Sed  etiamsi  aliquid  manducant, 
hoc  valde  modicum   est.     Inde  procedentes  venerunt  ad 
Samogedos.      Hii  autem  homines  tantum  de  venationibus  Samogedi. 
vivunt :     tabernacula    &    vestes    habent    tantummodo    de 
bestiarum  pellibus.     Inde  ultra  procedentes  venerunt  ad 
quandam  terram  super  Oceanum,  ubi  invenerunt  quaedam   Oceanus  Sep- 
monstra  quae  per  omnia  formam  humanam  habebant,  sed  ^^^^^'^"^^^^^'•f- 
pedes  desinebant  in  pedes  bovinos,  &  faciem  per  omnia  /r^-^^/^y^^;-^- 
habebant  ut  canis  :  duo  verba  loquebantur  more  humano  hominlbus. 
&  tertio  latrabant  ut  canis :  &  sic  per  intervalla  temporum 
latratum  interponebant :  tum  ad  naturam  suam  redibant : 
&  sic  intelligi  poterat  quod  dicebant :    Inde  redierunt  in 
Comaniam,  &  usque  nunc  quidam  ex  eis  morantur  ibidem. 
Cyrpodan  vero   eodem  tempore  misit  Occoday  can  cum  Expeditio 
exercitu    ad    meridiem    contra   Kergis,  quos    etiam    bello   ^y^podanis. 
devicit.     Hii  autem   homines  sunt  pagani,  qui    pilos   in 
barba  non  habent.     Quorum  consuetude  est  talis.     Cum 

77 


A.D. 

[246. 


Armeni. 


Hit  videntur 

sagtttasse 

balistis. 

[1.3..] 


Geoigia. 


Terra  ^oldani 

Deurum. 


Terra  Soldanl 
Halapice. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

pater  moritur  alicujus,  pra5  dolore  quasi  unam  corrigiam 
in  signum  lamenti  ab  aure  usque  ad  aurem  de  facie  sua 
levant.  Quibus  devictis,  ad  meridiem  ivit  contra  Armenos. 
Sed  cum  per  deserta  transiret,  etiam  qusdam  monstra 
effigiem  humanam  habentia  invenerunt :  sed  non  nisi 
unum  brachium  cum  manu  in  medio  pectoris,  &  unum 
pedem  habebant :  &  duo  sagittarunt  cum  uno  arcu,  &  isti 
ita  fortiter  currebant,  quod  equi  eos  investigare  non 
poterant.  Currebant  enim  saltando  super  ilium  unum 
pedem,  &  cum  essent  fessi  taliter  eundo,  ibant  super 
manum  &  pedem,  removendo  se  quasi  rota ;  &  sic  cum 
essent  fessi  iterum  currebant  secundum  modum  priorem  : 
aliquos  tamen  occidebant  ex  eis.  Inde  procedentes  venerunt 
in  Armeniam,  quam  bello  vicerunt,  &  partem  Georgiae  : 
&  alia  pars  venit  ad  mandatum  eorum  ;  &  quadraginta 
millia  yperperorum  singulis  annis  dederunt,  &  adhuc 
faciunt  idem.  Inde  procedentes  ad  terram  Soldani  Deurum, 
qui  erat  satis  magnus  &  potens,  cum  eo  pugnaverunt  & 
devicerunt.  Inde  procedentes  ultra  debellando  &  vincendo 
usque  ad  terram  Soldani  Halapia^  &  nunc  terram  illam 
impugnant :  nee  postea  usque  in  hodiernum  diem .  in 
terram  suam  fuerunt  reversi.  Alius  exercitus  ivit  contra 
terram  Calif  de  Baldach,  quam  sibi  etiam  subdiderunt  :  Et 
quadraginta  bisantia  exceptis  Baldachinis  &  aliis  muneribus 
omni  die  dant  pro  tributo  :  Et  omni  anno  pro  Calif,  ut  ad 
eos  veniat,  nuncios  mittunt  :  qui  cum  tributo  munera 
magna  mittit,  rogans  ut  eum  supportent.  Ipse  vero 
imperator  munera  accipit,  &  nihilominus  ut  veniat  mittit 
pro  eo. 

Qualiter  Tartar!  se  habent  in  prasliis.      Cap.  6. 

DIcto  de  imperio,  dicendum  est  hoc  modo  de  bello. 
Primo  de  ordinatione  acierum.  Secundo  de  armis. 
Tertio  de  astutiis  in  congressione,  quarto  de  crudelitate 
quam  faciunt  in  captivos.  Quinto  de  oppugnatione 
castrorum  &  civitatum.  Sexto  de  perfidia  quam  exercent 
cum  hiis  qui  se  reddunt  eisdem.  De  ordinatione  acierum 
dicemus    hoc    modo.      Cyngis    can    ordinavit,    ut    decern 

78 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 
hominibus  prseponeretur  unus  :  &  ille  secundum  nos 
appellatur  Decanus.  Decern  autem  Decanis  praeponeretur 
unus,  qui  centenarius  nuncupatur  :  Decern  vero  Centenariis 
praeponeretur  unus  qui  millenarius  nuncupatur  :  decern 
millenariis  praeponeretur  unus,  &  ille  numerus  vocatur 
tenebre  apud  eos.  Cuncto  vero  expercitui  praeponuntur 
duo  duces  vel  tres,  ita  tamen  quod  habeant  respectum  ad 
unum.  Cum  autem  omnes  sunt  in  bello  si  de  decern 
hominibus  fugit  unus  vel  duo,  vel  tres,  vel  etiam  plures, 
omnes  occiduntur.  Et  ut  breviter  dicam,  nisi  communiter 
cedant,  omnes  qui  fugiunt  occiduntur.  Item  si  unus  vel 
duo  aut  plures  audacter  ad  pugnam  accedunt,  &  decem  alii 
non  sequuntur,  etiam  occiduntur.  Item  si  unus  de  decem 
vel  plures  capiuntur,  &  alii  socii  sui  non  liberant  eos,  etiam 
occiduntur.  Duo  arcus  vel  tres,  vel  unum  bonum  ad  minus, 
&  tres  pharetras  magnas  plenas  de  sagittis  &  unam 
securim,  &  tunes  ad  machinas  trahendas  habere  debet 
unusquisque.  Divites  autem  habent  gladios  acutos  in  fine, 
ex  una  tantum  parte  incidentes,  &  aliquantulum  curvos  : 
&  habent  equum  armatum,  crura  etiam  tecta.  Galeas  & 
loricas  quidam  habent  de  corio  in  hunc  modum  formatas. 
Habent  quasdam  corrigias  de  bove  ad  latitudinem  unius 
manus,  &  bituminant  tres  vel  quatuor  simul,  &  ligant 
illas  corrigiolis  vel  cordis.  In  corrigia  superiori  ponunt 
cordulas  in  fine  ;  in  inferiori  ponunt  in  medio,  &  sic 
faciunt  usque  ad  finem.  Unde  quum  se  inclinant  in 
inferiores,  corrigiae  superiores  ascendunt  &  sic  duplicantur 
super  corpus,  vel  triplicantur.  De  coopertura  equi  faciunt 
quinque  partes  :  ex  una  parte  faciunt  unam,  ex  alia  parte 
faciunt  aliam,  quam  partem  ducunt  a  cauda  usque  ad  caput  : 
quae  ligantur  ad  sellam,  &  post  sellam  in  dorso  &  etiam  in 
collo,  super  renes  etiam  partem  aliam  ponunt,  ubi  duae 
partium  ligaturas  junguntur  :  in  qua  pecia  faciunt  unum 
foramen,  per  quod  caudas  exponunt  :  &  ante  pectus  ponunt 
etiam  unam  :  quae  omnes  protenduntur  usque  ad  crurium 
juncturas.  Et  ante  frontem  laminam  ferream  ponunt,  quae 
ex  utraque  parte  colli  partibus  praedictis  ligatur.  Lorica 
vero  etiam  quatuor  partes  habet,  una  pars,  protenditur  a 

79 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

foemore  usque  ad  collum  ;  sed  est  facta  secundum  dispo- 
sitionem  humani  corporis  :  quia  ante  pectus  est  stricta  :  in 
rotundum  obvolvitur  circa  corpus  a  brachiis  inferius  : 
Super  humeros  autem  retro  ad  renes  habent  aliam  peciam, 
qu^  protenditur  a  collo  usque  ad  aliam  peciam,  quae 
revolvitur  circa  corpus  :  Super  humeros  autem  istas  duas 
pecias  anterior  videlicet  &  posterior,  ad  duas  laminas 
ferreas  quae  sunt  in  utroque  humero  fibulis  connectuntur. 
Et  in  utroque  brachio  unam  habent  peciam,  quas  ab 
humero  protenduntur  usque  ad  manus,  quas  etiam  inferius 
sunt  aptas.  Et  in  utroque  crure  unam  habent  peciam  : 
quas  pecis  omnes  fibulis  conjunguntur.  Galea  autem 
superius  est  ferrea.  Sed  illud  quod  protegit  in  circuitu 
collum  &  gulam  de  corio  fit.  Et  omnes  istas  pecias  de 
corio  sunt  formates  secundum  modum  superius  annotatum. 
Quidam  autem  omnia  quae  superius  diximus  habent  de 
ferro  in  hunc  modum  formata.  Unam  laminam  tenuem  ad 
latitudinem  unius  digiti  faciunt,  &  ad  longitudinem  palmae 
unius.  Et  in  hunc  modum  faciunt  laminas  multas  :  &  in 
unaquaque  lamina  octo  foramina  parvula  faciunt,  &  interius 
tres  corrigias  strictas  &  fortes  ponunt,  &  laminas  unam 
super  aliam  ponunt,  quasi  ascendendo  per  gradus  :  & 
ligant  laminas  praedictas  ad  corrigias  tenuibus  corrigiolis, 
[I.  32.]  quas  mittunt  per  foramina  superius  annotata :  Et  in 
superiori  parte  consuunt  corrigiolam  unam,  ut  laminas 
prasdictae  bene  &  firmiter  cohasreant  sibi.  Et  faciunt  ex 
laminis  quasi  corrigiam  unam,  &  postea  ligant  per  pecias 
per  omnia,  sicut  superius  dictum  est.  Et  ista  faciunt  tam 
ad  equorum  quam  ad  hominum  armaturas.  Et  faciunt  ilia 
ita  lucere,  quod  potest  homo  in  eis  faciem  suam  videre. 
Aliqui  eorum  lanceas  habent  :  &  in  fine  ferri  lanceas  unum 
habent  uncum,  cum  quo  trahunt  hominem  de  sella  si 
possunt.  Longitudo  sagittarum  est  duorum  pedum  & 
unius  palmae,  &  duorum  digitorum.  Et  quia  diversi  sunt 
pedes,  mensuram  pedum  geometricam  ponimus.  Duodecem 
grana  hordei  pollicis  transversio  est.  Sexdecem  pollices 
transversi  faciunt  unum  geometricum  pedem.  Ferramenta 
sagittarum  sunt  acutissima,  &  ex  utraque  parte  incidentia 

80 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 

quasi  gladius  biceps,  &  semper  portant  limas  juxta  phare-  ] 

tram  ad  acuendum  sagittas.      Ferramenta  praedicta  caudam  ' 

habent  acutam  ad  longitudinem  unius  digiti,  quam  impo-  ' 

nunt  in  lignum.  Scutum  habent  de  viminibus  vel  de 
virgulis  factum.     Sagittas  habent  alias  ad  sagittandum  aves  ! 

bestias  &  homines  inermes  ad  trium  digitorum  latitudinem.  ! 

Sagittas  alias  habent  diversimodas  ad  aves  &  bestias  sagit-  j 

tandas.     Quum  ad  bellum  procedere  volunt  pra^cursores  ] 

prasmittunt,    qui    nihil    secum    portant    praster   filtra   sua,  \ 

equos  &  arma.      Isti  nihil  rapiunt,  domos  non  comburunt,  I 

bestias    non    occidunt  :     Sed    tamen    homines    vulnerant  < 

&  mortificant,  &  si  non  possunt  aliud,  mittunt  in  fugam  , 
multo  libentius  tamen  occidunt,  quam   fugant,  post  istos  I 

sequitur    exercitus,    qui     cuncta    quas    invenit    accipit,    &  I 

homines  etiam,  si   inveniri  possunt,  accipiunt  &  occidunt.  \ 

Quum  autem  ad  flumina  perveniunt,  hoc  modo  transeunt  Mos  tranandl 
ilia   etiamsi    sunt   magna.      Majores    unum   rotundum   &  fi^^^^"^"  1 

leve  corium   habent,  in  quo   in  summitate  per   circuitum  ' 

crebras    faciunt    ansas,    in    quibus    funem     imponunt,    &  : 

stringunt  ita  quod  in  circuitu  faciunt  quendam  ventrem, 
quem  replent  vestibus,  &  aliis  rebus,  &  fortissime  com-  ' 

primunt  ad  invicem  :  post  hoc  in  medio  ponunt  sellas 
&  alias  res  duriores :  homines  autem  in  medio  sedent  :  & 
ligant  ad  caudam  equi  navem  hanc  taliter  prasparatam,  & 
unum  hominum  qui  equum  regat  faciunt  pariter  cum.  equo  ■ 

ante  natare  :  vel  habent  aliquando  duos  remos,  &  cum  illis 
remigant  ultra  aquam,  &  sic  transeunt  fluvium.  Equos 
vero  pellunt  in  aqua,  &  unus  homo  juxta  unum  equum, 
quem  regit,  natat  :  &  alii  equi  ilium  sequuntur.  Et  sic 
transeunt  aquas  &  flumina  magna.  Alii  vero  pauperiores 
unam  bursam  de  corio  bene  consutam  unusquisque  tenetur  | 

habere  :   in  qua  bursa  vel  in  quo  sacco  vestes  &  omnes  res  j 

suas  imponunt;  &  in  summitate  saccum  fortissime  ligant,  j 

&   suspendunt   ad   caudam   equi,  &   transeunt,    ut  supra-  I 

dictum  est.     Sciendum  est,  quod  cum  vident  hostes  tunc  I 

vadunt  ad  eos,  &  unusquisque  jacit  tres  sagittas  vel  quatuor  I 

contra  adversarios  :   Et  si  vident  quod  eos  superare  non 
possunt,    retro    gradiuntur  ad   suos  :    Et   hoc    faciunt    in 
I  8i  F 


A.D.  THE   ElVGLISH    VOYAGES 

1246. 

fraudem,  ut  adversarii  eos  sequantur  ad  loca  ubi  insidias 
paraverunt  :  Et  si  inimici  eorum  sequuntur  ad  prasdictas 
insidias,  circundant  eos  &  sic  vulnerant  &  occidunt.  Item 
si  vident  quod  magnus  exercitus  est  contra  eos,  aliquando 
divertunt  ab  eo  per  unam  dietam  vel  duas,  &  aliam  partem 
terras  invadunt  &  spoliant  :  &  interficiunt  homines,  & 
terram  destruunt  &  devastant.  Et  si  vident  quod  hoc  etiam 
facere  non  possunt,  cedunt  retro  ad  decem  vel  duodecem 
dietas :  ahquando  etiam  morantur  in  loco  tuto,  quousque 
adversariorum  exercitus  separetur,  &  tunc  furtim  veniunt, 
&  depopulantur  totam  terram.  In  bellis  etiam  astutissimi 
sunt  :  quia  jam  per  quadraginta  annos  &  amplius  cum  aliis 
gentibus  dimicarunt.  Cum  autem  volunt  ad  pugnam 
accedere,  omnes  acies  ordinant  sicut  deberent  pugnare. 
Duces  sive  principes  exercitus  bellum  non  intrant,  sed  stant 
a  longe  contra  inimicorum  exercitum,  &  juxta  se  habent 
pueros  in  equis  &  mulieres  &  equos.  Et  faciunt  aliquando 
imagines  hominum,  &  ponunt  super  equos.  Hoc  ideo 
faciunt,  ut  multitudo  magna  bellantium  esse  credantur. 
Contra  faciem  equorum  unam  aciem  captivorum  &  aliarum 
gentium  quEe  sunt  inter  eos  transmittunt  :  &  forsitan 
aliqui  Tartari  vadunt  cum  eis.  Alias  acies  fortiorum 
hominum  longe  mittunt  a  dextris  &  a  sinistris,  ut  non 
videantur  ab  adversariis  suis  :  &  sic  circundant  adver- 
sarios  &  colligunt  in  medium,  &  pugnare  incipiunt  ex 
omni  parte.  Et  cum  sunt  aliquando  pauci,  putantur  ab 
adversariis  qui  circundati  sunt,  esse  multi.  Et  maxime 
cum  videant  illos,  qui  sunt  cum  duce  vel  principe  exercitus 
pueros  &  mulieres  &  equos,  &  homines  fictos,  ut  dictum 
est  supra  :  quos  credunt  esse  pugnatores :  &  per  hoc 
terrentur  &  confunduntur.  Et  si  forte  adversarii  bene 
pugnant,  faciunt  eis  viam  ut  fugiant  :  &  statim  cum  fugere 
incipiunt,  ab  invicem  separati  insequuntur  eos,  &  plures 
tunc  occidunt  fuga,  quam  mortificare  possent  in  bello. 
Sciendum  tamen  est,  quod  si  aliud  possunt,  non  libenter 
congrediuntur,  sed  homines  &  equos  sagittis  vulnerant  & 
mumtiones  occidunt.  Munitiones  in  hunc  modum  expugnant.  Si 
ohstdent,  est   talis   munitio   ipsam   circundant,   immo   aliquando   ita 

82 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 

seplunt,  ut   nullus  Ingredi  vel  exire   possit.     Expugnant 

fortissime    machinis    &    sagittis  :    &    nee    die    nee    nocte 

cessant   a  prsslio,    ut    illi   qui   sunt   in   munitionibus   non 

quiescant.     Ipsi  Tartari  quiescunt  :  quia  acies  dividunt  & 

una  succedit  alteri  in  pugnam  ut  non  nimium  fatigentur. 

Et  si  earn  taliter  habere  non  possunt  grxxum  projiciunt 

ignem.     Imo  solent  aliquando  accipere  arvinam  hominum 

quos   occidunt,  &    liquefactum    projiciunt   super   domos  : 

Et  ubicunque  venit  ignis  super  pinguedinem  illam,  quasi  [I.  33-] 

inextinguibiliter   ardet.     Et   si    ita    non    prevalent,   &   si 

civitas  ilia  vel  castrum  habeat  flumen,  obstruunt  illud,  vel 

faciunt  alium  alveum  &  submergunt  illam  munitionem  si 

possunt.     Si  autem  non  possunt  suffodiunt  illam,  &  sub 

terra  armati   in  ipsam  ingrediuntur.     Et  cum  jam  intra- 

verunt,  una  pars  ignem   imponit  ut  comburatur  :   &  alia 

pars  cum  illius  munitionis  hominibus  pugnat.     Si  autem 

nee   sic   illam  vincere   possunt,  castrum   vel   munitionem 

suam  faciunt  contra  illam,  ut  ab  inimicorum  jaculis  non 

graventur,  &  contra  illam  multo  tempore  jacent  :   nisi  forte 

exterius  adjutorium  exercitus  qui  pugnat  cum  eis  adhibeat, 

&  vi  removeant  ipsos.     Sed  cum  jacent  ante  munitionem  Punlcn fides. 

blande  eis  loquuntur,  &  multa  promittunt,  ad  hoc  ut  se  in 

eorum  manus  tradant  :   Et  si  illi  se  eis  tradiderint,  dicunt : 

Exite,  ut  secundum  morem  nostrum  vos  muneremus.     Et 

cum  illi  ad  eos  exeunt,  qu^runt  qui  sunt  artifices  inter 

eos,   &   illos  reservant  :    alios   autem,  exceptis   illis   quos 

volunt    habere    pro    servis    cum    securi    occidunt.     Et   si 

aliquibus  aliis  parcunt,  ut  dictum  est,  nobilibus  &  honestis 

nunquam  parcunt.     Et   si   forte  aliquo  casu   contingente 

reservant  aliquos  nobiles  ;  nee  prece  nee  precio  ultra  de 

captivitate   possunt   exire.      In   bellis    autem    quoscunque 

capiunt    occidunt,    nisi    forte   velint   aliquos   reservare   ut 

habeant  eos  pro  servis.     Occidendos  autem  dividunt  per 

centenarios,  ut  cum  bipenni  interficiantur  ab  eis.     Ipsi  vero 

post  hoc  dividunt  captivos,  &  unicuique  servo  ad  inter- 

ficiendum  dant  decem  aut  plures  vel  pauciores,  secundum 

quod  majoribus  placet. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 


S' 


De  terris  quas  eorum  dominio  subjugarunt. 
Cap.  7. 

Cripto  quomodo  pugnant,  dicendum  est  de  terris,  quas 
eorum  dominio  subjugarunt.  De  quo  isto  modo 
scribemus.  Primo  dicemus  quomodo  faciunt  cum  homini- 
bus  pacem.  Secundo  de  terrarum  nominibus  quas  sibi 
subdiderunt.  Tertio  de  tyrannide  quam  exercent  in  eis. 
Quarto  de  terris  quae  viriliter  restiterunt.  Sciendum  est 
quod  cum  nullis  hominibus  faciunt  pacem,  nisi  subdentur 
eis  :  quia,  ut  dictum  est  supra,  Cyngis  can  habent  manda- 
tum,  ut  cunctas  si  possunt  sibi  subjiciant  nationes.  Et 
hsec  sunt  ilia  quae  petunt  ab  eis,  ut  vadant  cum  eis  in 
exercitu  contra  omnem  hominem  quando  placet,  &  ut  dent 
decimam  de  omnibus  tam  de  hominibus,  quam  de  rebus. 
Computant  enim  decem,  &  unum  accipiunt.  De  puellis 
faciunt  illud  idem,  quos  in  terram  eorum  deducunt  & 
tenent  eos  pro  servis  :  reliquos  numerant  &  ordinant 
secundum  morem.  Sed  quando  plene  habent  dominium 
super  eos,  si  aliquid  promiserunt  eis  nihil  observant  :  sed 
quascunque  possunt  congrue  occasiones  inveniunt  contra 
eos.  Nam  cum  essemus  in  Russia,  missus  fuit  Saracen- 
orum  ex  parte  Cuynthcan  ut  dicebatur  &  Bati  :  &  prae- 
fectus  ille  a  quolibet  homine  qui  habebat  tres  pueros  unum 
accipiebat  :  &  quicunque  viri  non  habebant  uxores,  illos 
deducebant,  &  faciebant  de  mulieribus  etiam  illud  idem 
quae  viros  legitimos  non  habebant.  Pauperes  etiam  qui 
mendicando  suum  victum  quaerebant  similiter  deportabunt. 
Reliquos  autem  secundum  eorum  consuetudinem  numer- 
avit,  praecipiens  ut  unusquisque  tam  parvus  quam  magnus, 
&  infans  unius  diei,  sive  pauper  sive  dives  esset,  tale 
Ursi  albi.  tributum  praeberet  :  ut  scilicet  daret  unum  pellem  albi 
ursi,  &  unum  nigrum  castorem,  &  unum  Zabulum,  & 
unam  nigram  pellem  cujusdam  animalis  quod  in  terra 
latibulum  habet,  cujus  nomen  nescio  in  latinum  transferre, 
II  Vel  illic.  sed  Teutonice  dicitur  II  illit  :  Poloni  autem  &  Rutheni 
Dochon.  appellant  illam  Dochon  :  &  unam  nigram  pellem  vulpinam. 

Et  quicunque  ista  non  dat,  inter  Tartaros  debet  duci,  &  in 

84 


JOHN   DE    PLANO   CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 

eorum  redigi  servitutem.  Mitunt  etiam  pro  principibus 
terrarum,  ut  ad  eos  veniant  sine  mora  :  &  cum  venerint, 
debitum  honorem  nullum  recipiunt,  sed  habentur  ut  aliae 
viles  personae  :  &  oportet  ut  eis  munera  magna  praesentent, 
tam  ducibus  quam  uxoribus  eorum,  &  officialibus,  mil- 
lenariis  &  centenariis.  Imo  omnes  generaliter,  &  ipsi 
etiam  servi  ab  eis  cum  magna  importunitate  munera 
quasrunt  :  Et  non  solum  ab  ipsis,  sed  etiam  a  nunciis 
eorum  cum  mittuntur.  Aliquibus  etiam  inveniunt  occa- 
siones  ut  eos  occidant.  Sicut  de  Michaele  &  aliis  actum 
est.  Aliquos  vero  alliciunt,  quos  permittunt  redire. 
Aliquos  etiam  potionibus  perimunt  vel  veneno.  Eorum 
enim  intentio  est,  ut  ipsi  soli  dominentur  in  terra.  Idcirco 
quaerunt  occasiones  contra  nobiles,  ut  eos  occidant.  Ab 
illis  vero  quos  redire  permittunt  petunt  eorum  filios  aut 
fratres,  quos  ulterius  nunquam  dimittunt.  Sicut  factum 
est  de  filio  Jeroslai,  &  de  quodam  duce  Alanorum,  &  aliis 
plurimis.  Et  si  moritur  pater  vel  frater  sive  haeres,  filium 
vel  fratrem  nunquam  dimittunt  :  immo  illius  principatum 
totaliter  accipiunt  sibi.  Sicut  de  quodam  Solangorum  Solangi. 
vidimus  esse  factum.  Baschathos  suos  ponunt  in  terris  ^^^^'^\  "^'^^ 
eorum  quos  redire  permittunt,  quibus  oportet  ut  ad  nutum  ujumurTurd 
tam  duces  quam  alii  debeant  obedire.  Et  si  homines 
alicujus  civitatis  vel  terras  non  faciunt  quod  volunt,  isti 
Baschathi  imponunt  eis,  quod  sunt  Tartaris  infideles  :  & 
sic  civitatem  illam  vel  terram  destruunt,  &  homines  qui 
sunt  in  ea  occidunt,  per  manum  validam  Tartarorum,  qui 
ex  mandato  principis  illius  cui  obedit  terra  ilia  veniunt  eis 
nescientibus,  &  subito  irruunt  super  eos  :  sicut  nuper 
contigit  cum  in  terra  Tartarorum  essemus  de  quadam  [I.  34.] 
civitate.  Quod  ipsummet  de  Ruthenis  fecerunt  in  terra 
Comanorum.  Et  non  solum  princeps  Tartarorum  qui 
terram  usurpavit,  sed  prasfectus  ipsius,  &  quicunque 
Tartarus  per  civitatem  illam  sive  terram  transit  quasi 
dominatur  eidem,  &  maxime  qui  major  est  apud  eos.  In 
super  aurum  &  argentum,  &  alia  quas  volunt  &  quando 
libet  ad  imperatorem  vadant  Tartarorum  ad  placitandum. 
Sicut  nuper  contigit  de  duobus  filiis  regis  Georgia.     Unus 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

enim  erat  legitimus,  &  alter  de  adulterio  natus,  qui 
vocabatur  David  :  legitimus  autem  Melic  vocabatur. 
Filio  adulters  terras  partem  relinquebat  pater.  Alius  vero, 
qui  junior  erat,  veniebat  cum  matre  ad  Tartarorum  impera- 
torem,  pro  eo  quod  David  prasdictus  ad  ipsum  iter  arri- 
puerat  veniendi.  Mater  alterius  scilicet  Melic  regina 
Georgiss,  per  quam  maritus  tenebat  regnum,  quia  per 
foeminas  illud  regnum  tenebatur,  mortua  fuit  in  via.  Illi 
autem  cum  venerunt  dederunt  maxima  munera  :  & 
maxime  legitimus  filius,  qui  repetebat  terram  quam  reli- 
querat  pater  filio  suo  David,  cum  non  deberet  habere,  quia 
adulteras  filius  erat.  Ille  vero  respondit  :  Licet  sim  filius 
concubinas,  peto  tamen  ut  fiat  mihi  justitia  secundum 
legem  Tartarorum,  qui  nullam  differentiam  faciunt  inter 
filios  legitime  &  ancilla^  :  unde  fuit  data  sententia  contra 
filium  legitimum,  ut  ille  Davidi  qui  major  erat  subesset,  & 
terram  haberet  quiete  &  pacifice,  quam  dederat  ei  pater  :  & 
sic  donaria  qu^  dederat,  &  causam  quam  contra  fratrem 
suum  David  habuerat,  amisit.  Ab  illis  etiam  nationibus 
quas  longe  sunt  ab  eis,  &  conjunctse  sunt  aliis  nationibus 
quas  aliquo  modo  timent,  quas  non  sunt  eis  subjectas, 
tributum  accipiunt  &  quasi  misericorditer  agunt  cum  eis, 
ut  non  adducant  exercitum  super  eos,  vel  etiam  ut  alii  non 
terreantur,  se  tradere  eis.  Sicut  factum  est  de  Obesis  sive 
Georgianis,  a  quibus  quinquaginta  vel  quadraginta  millia, 
ut  dictum  est,  yperperorum  sive  Bysantiorum  accipiunt 
pro  tributo  :  alias  ad  hoc  in  pace  esse  permittunt.  Tamen, 
secundum  quod  intelleximus  ab  eis,  rebellare  proponunt. 

Terrarum  nomina  quas  vicerunt  sunt  hsc.  Kytai,  Nay- 
mani,  Solangi,  Kara  Kytai,  sive  nigri  Kytai,  Comania, 
Tumat,  Voyrat,  Caraniti,  Huyur,  Soboal,  Merkiti,  Meniti, 
Baryhryur,  Gosmit,  Saraceni,  Bisermini,  Turcomani,  Byleri, 
magna  Bulgaria,  Baschare,  magna  Hungaria,  Kergis, 
Colona,  Thorati,  Buritabeth,  Parossiti,  Sassi,  Jacobiti, 
Alani,  sive  Assi,  Obesi  sive  Georgiani,  Nestoriani,  Armeni, 
Cangiti,  Comani  Brutachi,  qui  sunt  Jud?ji,  Mordui,  Torci, 
Samogcdi  Gazari,  Samogedi,  Perses,  Thous,  India  minor  sive 
aquilonares.      Ethiopia,   Yrchasi,  Rutheni,  Baldach,  Sarthi  :  Alias  terras 


JOHN   DE    PLANO    CARPINI  a.d. 

1246. 

sunt  plures,  sed  earum  nomina  ignoramus.  Vidimus  etiam 
viros  &  mulieres  fere  de  omnibus  terris  supra  nominatis. 
Hasc  autem  sunt  nomina  Terrarum  quae  eis  viriliter  resti- 
terunt,  nee  sunt  adhuc  subditas  eis,  India  magna,  Mangia ;  Mrjigia. 
Quasdam  pars  Alanorum,  Qu^dam  pars  Kytaorum,  Sayi. 
Quandam  enim  civitatem  Sayorum  praedictorum  obsede- 
derunt  &  debellare  tentaverunt.  At  ipsi  fecerunt  machinas 
contra  machinas  eorum,  &  Tartarorum  machinas  omnes 
fregerunt,  nee  civitati  appropinquare  poterant  ad  pugnam 
contra  machinas  &  balistas.  Tandem  unam  viam  sub  terra 
fecerunt,  &  prosiluerunt  in  civitatem,  &  alii  tentabant 
incendere  civitatem,  alii  pugnabant.  Homines  autem 
civitatis  unam  partem  populi  ad  extinguendum  ignem 
posuerunt,  &  alia  pars  fortiter  pugnabat  cum  hiis  qui  in- 
traverunt  civitatem,  &  multos  occiderunt  ex  eis,  &  alios 
vulneraverunt,  compellentes  eos  ad  suos  redire.  At  ipsi 
videntes  quod  nihil  possent  facere,  &  multi  homines 
morerentur,  recesserunt  ab  eis.  In  terra  Saracenorum  & 
aliorum  ubi  sunt  quasi  inter  eos  domini,  accipiunt  omnes 
artifices  meliores,  &  in  omnibus  operibus  suis  ponunt. 
Alii  autem  artifices  dant  eis  de  opere  suo  tributum. 
Segetes  omnes  condunt  in  horreis  dominorum  :  &  uni- 
cuique  unum  pondus  satis  modicum  dant  in  die  :  nihil 
aliud  nisi  ter  in  septimana  modicum  quid  de  carnibus  eis 
prebent.  Et  illi  hoc  tantum  artificibus  faciunt  qui  in  civi- 
tatibus  commorantur.  Item  quando  dominis  placet  juvenes 
omnes  accipiunt,  &  post  se  cum  omnibus  famulis  suis  ire 
cogunt  :  qui  de  castero  certo  sunt  numero  Tartarorum  ; 
immo  potius  de  numero  captivorum;  quia  etsi  inter  ipsos 
sunt  numerati,  non  tamen  habentur  in  reverentia  sicut 
Tartari  ;  sed  habentur  pro  servis,  &  ad  omnia  pericula  ut 
alii  captivi  mittuntur.  Ipsi  enim  in  bello  sunt  primi  : 
Etiam  si  debet  palus  vel  aqua  periculosa  transiri,  eos 
oportet  primo  vadum  tentare.  Ipsos  est  etiam  necesse 
operari  omnia  quae  sunt  facienda.  Ipsi  etiam  si  in  aliquo 
ofFendunt,  vel  si  non  obediunt  ad  nutum,  ut  asini  verber- 
antur.  Et  ut  breviter  dicam,  modicum  quid  manducant, 
&  etiam  modicum  bibunt,  &  pessime  induuntur;  nisi  forte 

87 


D 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

aliquid  possunt  lucrari,  nisi  sunt  aurifabri  &  alii  artifices 
boni.  Sed  aliqui  tarn  malos  dominos  habent,  quod  nihil 
eis  dimittunt,  nee  habent  tempus  pras  multitudine  operum 
dominorum,  ut  sibi  aliquid  operentur,  nisi  furentur  sibi 
tempus,  quando  forsitan  debent  quiescere  vel  dormire.  Et 
hoc  si  uxores  vel  propriam  stationem  permittuntur  habere. 
Alii  autem  qui  tenentur  in  domo  pro  servis  omni  miseria 
sunt  repleti.  Vidi  enim  eos  ire  in  bracis  saspissime,  & 
toto  corpore  nudos  in  maximo  solis  ardore.  Et  in  hyeme 
patiuntur  maximum  frigus.  Vidimus  etiam  aliquos  pedi- 
cas  &  digitos  manuum  de  magno  frigore  perdidisse.  Au- 
divimus  etiam  alios  esse  mortuos,  vel  etiam  de  magno 
algore  quasi  in  omnibus  membris  inutiles  esse  factos. 

[I-  35-]  Quomodo  bello  occurratur  Tartaris.    Cap.  8. 

|Icto  de  terris,  quas  obediunt  eis,  supponendum  est 
quomodo  bello  occurratur  eisdem.  Quod  videtur 
nobis  hoc  modo  dicendum.  Primo  scribendum  est  quid 
intendunt.  Secundo  de  armis  &  ordinatione  acierum. 
Tertio  quomodo  occurratur  astutiis  eorum  in  congressione. 
Quarto  de  munitione  castrorum  &  civitatum.  Quinto 
quid  faciendum  sit  de  captivis  eorum.  IntentioTartarorum 
est  subjicere  sibi  totum  mundum  si  possunt.  Et  de  hoc 
Cyngischan  habent  mandatum,  sicut  superius  dictum  est. 
Idcirco  eorum  imperator  sic  in  literis  suis  scribit.  Dei 
fortitudo.  Omnium  Imperator.  Et  in  superscriptione 
sigilli  sui  hoc  habet. 

Dominus  in  coelo,  &  Cuynch  Chan  super  terram.  Dei 
fortitudo,  omnium  hominum  imperatoris  sigillum.  Et 
ideo  cum  nullis  hominibus  faciunt  pacem,  ut  dictum  est, 
nisi  forte  se  in  eorum  manibus  tradunt.  Et  quia  excepta 
Christianitate  nulla  est  terra  in  orbe  quam  timent,  idcirco 
se  ad  pugnam  praepararunt  contra  nos.  Unde  noverint 
universi  quod  nobis  existentibus  in  terra  eorum  in  solenni 
curia,  quae  jam  ex  pluribus  annis  indicta  erat,  fuimus,  ubi 
elegerent  Cuynch  imperatorem  in  presentia  nostra,  qui  in 
lingua  eorum  dicitur  Chan.  Qui  Cuynch  Chan  prasdictus 
erexit  cum  omnibus  principibus  vexillum  contra  ecclesiam 

88 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 

del  &  Romanum  imperium,  &  contra  omnia  regna  Chris- 
tianorum  &  populos  occidentis,  nisi  forsan  facerent  ea,  quae 
mandat  Domino  Papas,  &  potentibus  ac  omnibus  Christi- 
anorum  populis  Occidentis  :  quod  nulla  ratione  faciendum 
est :  tum  propter  nimiam  servitutem  &  intolerabilem,  quae 
est  hactenus  inaudita,  quam  vidimus  oculis  nostris,  in  quam 
redigunt  omnes  gentes  sibi  subjectas  :  tum  propterea  quod 
nulla  in  eis  est  fides  :  nee  potest  aliqua  gens  confidere  in 
verbis  eorum  :  quia  quicquid  promittunt  non  observant, 
quando  vident  sibi  tempora  favere :  &  subdoli  sunt  in  om- 
nibus factis  &  promissis  eorum.  Intendunt  etiam  delere 
omnes  principes,  omnes  nobiles,  omnes  milites  de  terra,  ut 
superius  dictum  est  :  sed  hoc  faciunt  subdole  &  artificiose 
in  subditos  suos :  Tum  etiam  quia  indignum  est  quod 
Christiani  subdantur  eisdem,  propter  abominationes  eorum, 
&  quia  in  nihilum  redigitur  cultus  dei,  &  animas  pereunt, 
&  corpora  ultra  quam  credi  possit  multitudine  affliguntur. 
In  primo  quidem  sunt  blandi,  sed  postea  ut  scorpio  cru- 
ciant  &  affligunt.  Tum  quia  pauciores  sunt  numero,  & 
corpore  debiliores  quam  populi  Christiani.  In  praedicta 
autem  curia  sunt  bellatores  &  principes  &  exercitus  assig- 
nati.  De  decem  hominibus  mittuntur  tres  cum  familiis 
eorum,  de  omni  terra  potestatis  eorum.  Unus  exercitus 
debet  intrare  per  Hungariam  :  secundus  per  Poloniam. 
Veniunt  autem  pugnaturi  continue  octodecem  annis. 
Tempus  est  etiam  eis  assignatum.  In  Martio  An.  Dom. 
1247.  si  de  terra  sua  movebunt.  Venient  autem  in  tribus 
vel  in  quatuor  ||  annis  usque  ad  Comaniam.  De  Comania  \\Forte 
autem  insultum  facient  in  terras  superius  annotatas.  Haec  ^^^^^-f^^^^- 
omnia  firma  sunt  &  vera,  nisi  Dominus  aliquod  impedi- 
mentum  pro  sua  gratia  faciat  eis.  Sicut  fecit  quando  vene- 
runt  in  Hungariam  &  Poloniam.  Debebant  enim  proce- 
dere  tunc  pro  certo  triginta  annis.  Sed  interfectus  fuit 
tunc  imperator  eorum  veneno  :  &  propter  hoc  quieverunt 
a  praeliis  usque  nunc.  Sed  modo,  quia  positus  est  imperator 
de  novo,  iterum  se  de  novo  ad  puonam  incipiunt  praeparare.  T^^'^^^^^P^'opo- 
Adhoc  sciendum  est,  quod  imperator  dixit  ore  suo,  quod  ^zm/z^w  15 
vellet   mittere   exercitum   in  Livoniam  &  Prussiam.      Et  Prussiam 

89 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

quoniam  omnem  terram  volunt  delere  vel  in  servitutem 
redigere,  quae  servitus  est  intolerabilis  nostras  genti,  ut 
superius  dictum  est :  Occurrendum  est  igitur  eis  in  bello. 
Sed  si  una  provincia  non  vult  alteri  opem  ferre,  terra  ilia 
delebitur  contra  quam  pugnant,  &  cum  illis  hominibus 
quos  capiunt  pugnabunt  contra  aliam  terram ;  &  in  acie 
erunt  primi.  Si  male  pugnant  occidentur  ab  eis  :  Si  autem 
bene,  ipsos  cum  promissis  adulationibus  tenent :  &  etiam 
ut  ab  ipsis  non  fugiant  promittunt  eis  quod  facient  eos 
dominos  magnos  :  &  post  hoc  quando  securi  esse  possunt 
de  ipsis,  ut  non  redeant,  faciunt  eos  infoelicissimos  servos. 
Ac  de  mulieribus  quas  volunt  in  concubinas  tenere  pro 
servitiis  faciunt  illud  idem.  Et  ita  cum  hominibus  de- 
victae  provinciae  destruunt  aliam  terram.  Nee  est  aliqua 
provincia  quae  per  se  possit  resistere  eis :  quia  de  omni 
terra  potestatis  eorum,  ut  dictum  est,  homines  congregant 
ad  bellum.  Unde  si  Christiani  seipsos  &  suam  terram, 
&  Christianitatem  volunt  servare,  oportet  quod  in  unum 
conveniant  reges,  principes  &  barones,  &  terrarum  rectores, 
&  mittant  de  communi  consilio  homines  contra  eos  ad 
pugnam,  antequam  ipsi  incipiant  in  terras  diiFundi.  Quo- 
niam postquam  incipiunt  spargi  per  terras,  undique  homines 
quaerunt,  &  nullus  congrue  auxilium  alteri  potest  praebere  : 
quoniam  ipsi  catervatim  undique  quaerunt  homines  &  occi- 
dunt.  Et  si  claudunt  se  in  castris,  ponunt  tria  millia  vel 
quatuor  millia  hominum  contra  castrum  vel  civitatem,  qui 
obsideant  earn ;  &  ipsi  nihilominus  diffunduntur  per  terras 
homines  occidentes.  Quicunque  autem  volunt  pugnare 
cum  eis,  haec  arma  debent  habere.  Arcus  bonos  &  fortes, 
&  balistas,  quas  multum  timent,  &  sagittas  sufficientes :  & 
bonum  dolabrum  de  bono  ferro,  &  scutum  cum  longo 
Temperamen-  manubrio.  Ferramenta  sagittarum  de  arcu  vel  de  balista 
turn  fern.  debent,  ut  Tartari,  quando  sunt  calida,  temperari  in  aqua 
*  cum  sale  mixta,  ut  fortia  sint  ad  penetrandum  arma  eorum. 

Gladios  &  etiam  ianceas  cum  unco,  qui  valeant  ad  trahen- 
dum  eos  de  sellis :  quia  de  eis  facillime  cadunt;  ac  cultellos 
ac  loricas  duplicatas ;  quia  illos  eorum  sagittae  non  pene- 
trant: &  galeam  &  arma  alia  ad   protegendum  corpus  & 

90 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPI XI  a.d. 

1246, 

equum  ab  armis  &  sagittis  eorum.  Et  si  aliqui  non  sunt 
ita  bene  armati,  ut  dixi ;  debent  ire  post  alios  ut  faciunt 
Tartari:  &  trahere  contra  eos  de  armis  &  sagittis.  Nee 
debent  parcere  pecuniae,  quoniam  comparent  arma,  ut  pos- 
sint  animas  &  corpora,  libertatem  &  res  alias  conservare. 
Acies  debent  ordinari,  ut  ipsi,  per  millenarios,  centenarios, 
&  decanos  &  duces  exercitus:  qui  duces  nequaquam  debent 
praelium  intrare,  sicut  nee  duces  eorum,  sed  debent  exer- 
citus videre  &  ordinare:  legemque  debent  ponere  ut  simul 
incedant  ad  bellum,  sive  alias,  sicut  sunt  ordinati.  Et  qui- 
cunque  relinquit  alium  sive  ad  bellum  procedentem,  sive 
pugnantem,  vel  quicunque  fugerit,  nisi  omnes  communiter 
cedant,  gravissime  puniatur:  quia  tunc  pars  bellantium  se- 
quitur  fugientes,  &  sagittis  eorum  occidunt,  &  pars  cum 
hiis  qui  remanent  pugnant,  &  sic  confunduntur  &  occi- 
duntur  remanentes  &  fugientes.  Similiter  quicunque  con- 
versus  fuerit  ad  prasdam  tollendam,  antequam  omnino  sit 
exercitus  contrariorum  devictus,  maxima  poena  mulctetur. 
Talis  enim  apud  Tartaros  sine  ulla  miseratione  occiditur. 
Locus  ad  pr^liandum  est  eligendus,  si  fieri  potest  ut  cam- 
pus sit  planus,  &  possint  undique  videre:  &  si  possunt 
habeant  sylvam  magnam  a  tergo  vel  a  latere:  ita  tamen 
quod  non  possunt  intrare  inter  ipsos  &  sylvam:  nee  debent 
simul  omnes  convenire  in  unum,  sed  facere  acies  multas, 
&  diversas  ab  invicem,  nee  tamen  multum  distantes.  Et 
contra  illos  qui  post  veniunt  debent  unam  aciem  mittere 
qui  eis  occurrat.  Et  si  Tartari  simulant  fugam,  non  mul- 
tum vadant  post  eos,  nisi  forte  quantum  possunt  videre, 
ne  forte  ipsos  ad  paratas  insidias  trahant,  sicut  facere 
Solent  :  Et  alia  sit  parata  ad  juvandum  aciem  illam,  si 
fuerit  opportunum.  Insuper  habeant  speculatores  ex  Speculatores. 
omni  parte,  ut  videant  quando  veniant  alias  acies 
Tartarorum  retro,  a  dextris  &  a  sinistris:  &  semper 
debent  mittere  aciem  contra  aciem  quas  eis  occurrat.  Ipsi 
enim  semper  nituntur  concludere  adversarios  eorum  in 
medio,  unde  magnam  cautelam  debent  habere  ne  hoc 
facere  possint,  quia  sic  exercitus  facillime  debellatur. 
Omnes  acies  hoc  debent  cavere,  ne  diu  currant  post  eos, 

91 


AD.  THE    ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

propter  insidias  quas  solent  prasparare :  plus  enim 
fraudulentia  quam  fortitudine  pugnant.  Duces  ex- 
ercitus  semper  debent  esse  parati  ad  mittendum  adjutorium, 
si  necesse  est,  illis  qui  sunt  in  pugna,  &  propter  hoc 
etiam  debent  vitare  nimium  cursum  post  eos:  ne  forte 
fatigentur  equi  eorum  ;  quoniam  nostri  multitudinem 
equorum  non  habent.  Sed  Tartari  ilium  quern  equitant 
una  die,  ilium  non  ascendunt  in  tribus  vel  in  quatuor 
diebus  post  hoc.  Unde  non  curant  si  fatigentur  equi 
eorum  propter  multitudinem  quam  habent.  Et  si  Tartari 
cedunt,  non  tamen  nostri  debent  recedere,  vel  ab  invicem 
separari:  quia  simulando  hoc  faciunt,  ut  exercitus  dividatur, 
&  post  hoc  terram  libere  ingrediantur,  &  eam  destruant. 
Debent  etiam  cavere  ut  non  faciant  nimias  expensas,  ut 
solent  ;  ne  propter  penuriam  redire  compellantur,  &  dent 
Tartaris  viam,  ut  ipsos  &  alios  occidant,  &  destruant 
omnem  terram  ;  &  propter  eorum  superfluitatem  nomen 
Domini  blasphemetur.  Et  hoc  debent  facere  diligenter  : 
ut  si  contingat  aliquos  pugnatores  recedere,  quod  alii  loco 
eorum  succedant.  Duces  etiam  nostri  debent  die  nocteque 
facere  exercitum  custodiri,  ne  repente  &  subito  irruant 
super  ipsos  :  quia  Tartari  ut  dasmones,  multas  excogitant 
iniquitates  &  artes  nocendi  :  Immo  tam  de  die  quam  de 
nocte  semper  debent  esse  parati  :  sed  nee  spoliati  debent 
jacere  nee  deliciose  ad  mensam  sedere,  ne  imparati 
inveniantur,  quia  Tartari  semper  vigilant,  ut  possint 
nocere.  Homines  vero  terras  qui  Tartaros  expectant,  vel 
super  se  timent  venire,  occultas  foveas  debent  habere,  in 
quibus  sagittas,  &  alia  debent  reponere,  propter  duo  :  ut 
videlicet  Tartari  non  possint  ea  habere  ;  &  si  propitius 
fuerit  eis  Deus,  valeant  ea  postea  invenire  ;  Eis  fugientibus 
de  terra,  debent  foenum  &  stramina  comburere,  ut  equi 
Tartarorum  ad  comedendum  minus  inveniant.  Civitates 
autem  &  castra  si  volunt  munire,  videant  prius  qualia  sint 
in  situ.  Situs  enim  talis  debet  esse  in  castris,  quod 
machinis  &  sagittis  expugnari  non  possit  ;  &  aquam 
habeant  sufficientem  &  lignum,  &  si  fieri  potest,  quod 
introitus  &  exitus  eis  tolli  non  possit  :  &  quod  habeant 

92 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  ad.  j 

1246.  i 

homines   sufficientes   qui    possint    vicissim    pugnare.     Et  ' 

debent  vigilare  diligenter  ne  aliqua  astutia  possint  castrum 
furari.  Expensas  ad  multos  annos  debent  habere 
sufficientes  :     custodiant     tamen     dihgenter     illas,     &     in  ] 

mensura  manducent,  quia  nesciunt  quanto  tempore  eos  in  1 

castris  oportet  esse  inclusos.     Quum  enim  incipiunt,  tunc  ] 

multis  annis  obsident  unum  castrum.     Sic  fit  hodierna  die  Obsidio  ii.  \ 

in  terra  Alanorum   de  quodam   monte,   quem,   ut  credo,  ^^^^^orum.  : 

jam     obsederunt     per     duodecem     annos  ;     qui     viriliter  j 

restiterunt,    &    multos    Tartaros    &    nobiles    occiderunt.  i 

Alia  autem  castra  &  civitates,  qu«  talem  situm  non  habent 
debent  fortiter  vallari  foveis  profundis  munitis,  &  muris  ^ 

bene    pra^^paratis  ;     &    arcus    &    sagittas    sufficientes  :    &  \ 

lapides   ac   fundas   debent  habere.     Et   debent   diligenter  ^ 

cavere,  quod  non  permittant  Tartaros  ponere  machinas 
suas  ;  &  suis  machinis  debent  eos  repellere.     Et  si  forte  \ 

aliquo    ingenio   vel  arte    erigunt   Tartari    machinas   suas,   [I.  37.] 
debent   eas   destruere   machinis  suis   si  possunt.     Balistis  | 

etiam,  fundis  &  machinis  debent  resistere  ne  civitati 
appropinquent.     Alias     etiam     debent     esse     parati,     ut  i 

superius  dictum  est.     De  castris  &  civitatibus,  qua^  sunt  j 

in  fluminibus  positas,  diligenter  debent  videre  ne  possint 
submergi.     Sed  ad  hoc  sciendum  est,  quod  Tartari  plus  \ 

diligunt,   quod  homines  claudant  se  in  civitatibus,  quam  j 

quod  pugnent  cum  eis  in  campo.     Dicunt  enim  eos  esse  ' 

suos    porcellos    in     hara    conclusos.     Unde    ponunt    eis  i 

custodes,  ut  supradictum  est.     Si  autem  aliqui  Tartari  de  ' 

equis  suis  in  bello  projiciuntur,  statim  sunt  capiendi  :  quia  j 

cum  sunt  in  terra  fortiter  sagittant,  &  equos  &  homines  ; 

vulnerant  &  occidunt.     Et  si  servantur  tales,  potest  esse,  1 

quod  habeatur  pro  eis  pax  perpetua,  aut  pecunia  magna  1 

redimantur  :   quoniam   se  adinvicem   satis  diligunt.     Sed  \ 

quomodo  Tartari  cognoscantur,  superius  dictum  est  ubi 
forma  eorum  fuit  expressa.  Tamen  quando  capiuntur,  si 
debent  servari,  ne  fugiant  diligens  est  custodia  adhibenda. 
Sunt  etiam  alias  multas  gentes  cum  eis,  quae  per  formam 
superius  annotatam  possunt  ab  ipsis  cognosci.  Est  etiam 
hoc  sciendum,  quod  multi  in  exercitu  eorum  sunt,  qui  si 

93 


A.D. 

1246. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

viderent  tempus,  &  haberent  fiduciam,  quod  nostri  non 
occiderent  eos,  ex  omni  parte  exercitus,  sicut  ipsimet  nobis 
dixerunt,  pugnarent  cum  eis,  &  plura  mala  facerent  ipsis, 
quam  alii,  qui  sunt  eorum  adversarii  manifest!. 


T 


AsceTinns. 
H  Vide 
Mechoi'ium 
lib.  I.  cap.  5. 


^'imon  Sa/:- 
qiiintiniamis. 


He  long  and  wonderful  voyage  of  Frier  John  de 
Piano  Carpini,  sent  ambassadour  by  Pope 
Innocentius  the  iiii.  An.  Do.  1246  to  the  great  CAN 
of  Tartaria  ;  wherin  he  passed  through  Bohemia, 
Polonia,  Russia,  and  so  to  the  citie  of  Kiow  upon 
Boristhenes,  and  from  thence  rode  continually  post  for 
the  space  of  sixe  moneths  through  Comania,  over  the 
mighty  and  famous  rivers  of  Tanais,  Volga,  and  laic, 
&  through  the  countries  of  the  people  called  Kangittae, 
Bisermini,  Kara-Kitay,  Naimani,  &  so  to  the  native 
countrie  of  the  Mongals  or  Tartars,  situate  in  the 
extreme  Northeasterne  partes  of  all  Asia:  and  thence 
backe  againe  the  same  way  to  Russia,  and  Polonia, 
and  so  to  Rome  ;  spending  in  the  whole  voyage  among 
the  sayd  Tartars  one  whole  yeere  &  above  foure 
moneths  :  Taken  out  of  the  32.  booke  of  Vincentius 
Beluacensis  his  Speculum  historiale. 

LiBRi  xxxn. 

De  prima  missione   Fratrum   Prsedicatorum  & 
Minorum  ad  Tartaros.      Cap.   2. 

Oc  etiam  tempore  misit  Innocentius  IIII. 
Papa  Fr.  Ascelinum  de  ordine  Pras- 
dicatorum  cum  tribus  aliis  Fratribus, 
auctoritate,  qua  fungebantur,  de  diversis 
ordinis  sui  conventibus  sibi  associatis, 
cum  literis  Apostolicis  ad  exercitum 
Tartarorum,  in  quibus  hortabatur  eos, 
ut  ab  hominum  strage  desisterent,  &  fidei  veritatem 
reciperent.  Et  ego  quidem  ab  uno  Fratrum  Praedicatorum, 
videlicet  a  Fr.  Simone  de  S.  Quintino,  jam  ab  illo  itinere 
regresso,    gesta    Tartarorum    accepi,    ilia    duntaxat,    quae 

94 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPIXI  ad. 

1246. 

superius  per  diversa  loca  juxta  congruentiam  temporum 
huic  operi  inserui.    Siquidem  &  eo  tempore  quidam  Frater 
ordinis  Minorum,  videlicet  Fr.  Johannes  de  Piano  carpini,  Joannes  de 
cum  quibusdam  aliis  missus  fuit  ad  Tartaros,  qui  etiam,  ^[^^^'^  ^^^'~ 
ut  ipse  testatur,  per  annum  &  quatuor  menses  &  amplius  ^^^''' 
cum  eis  mansit,  &  inter  eos  ambulavit.     A  summo  namque 
Pontifice     mandatum,    ut    omnia,    quae    apud    eos    erant, 
diligenter     scrutaretur,    acceperat,    tam     ipse,    quam    Fr. 
Benedictus  Polonus  ejusdem  ordinis,  qui  suae  tribulationis  Benedkius 
particeps  &  socius  erat.     Et  hie  ergo  Fr.  Joannes  de  his,  P°^^^^^^^- 
quae     apud     Tartaros     vel     oculis    propriis    vidit,    vel    a 
Christianis  fide  dignis,  qui  inter  illos  captivi  erant,  audivit, 
libellum    historialem,   conscripsit,   qui   &   ipse   ad  manus  Libellus  his- 
nostras  pervenit.     De  quo  etiam  hie  quasi  per  epilogum  tonalis  Jo- 
inserere  libet  aliqua,  videlicet  ad  supplementum    eorum,  ^J^^^^  ^^\^^^'^^ 
quae  desunt  in  praedicta  rr.  bnnonis  historia. 

De  situ   &   qualitate    terrs    Tartarorum.      Cap.    3. 
Johannes  de   Piano   Carpini. 

ESt    in    partibus     Orientis     terra,    quae     Mongal    sive   Tartaric 
Tartaria    dicitur,    in    ea    scilicet    parte    sita,    in    qua  ^^^"'ip^^o- 
Oriens  Aquiloni  conjungi  creditur.     Ab  Oriente  quidem 
habet  terram  Kythaorum  &  etiam  Solangorum,  a  meridie 
vero  terram  Sarracenorum.      Inter  llOrientem  &  meridiem   ^Vel  Occl- 
terram    Huynorum,    &    ab    Occidente    provinciam    Nay-  ^^'^'^''^• 
manorum,    ab    Aquilone    vero    circundatur    Oceano.     In 
parte  aliqua  nimium  est  montuosa,  &  in  aliqua  campestris, 
sed   tota  fere  admixta  glarea  plurimum  arenosa,  nee  est 
in   centesima  parte  fructuosa.     Nee  enim   potest  fructum 
portare,    nisi    aquis     fluvialibus    irrigetur,    quae    ibi    sunt 
rarissimae.      Unde  nee  villae  nee   aliqua^   civitates    ibidem 
reperiuntur,  excepta  una,  quae  Cracurim  appellatur,  &  satis  [I.  38.] 
bona  esse  dicitur.     Nos  quidem  illam  non  vidimus,  sed  ad 
dimidiam  dietam  prope  fuimus,  cum  apud  Syram  ordam,   5)7v?  orda. 
quae  curia  major  Imperatoris  eorum  est,  essemus.     Licet 
autem     alias     infructifera     sit    ilia     terra,    tamen     alendis 
pecoribus    est    apta.      In    aliqua   ejus    parte    sunt    aliquas 
sylvae  modicae,  alia  vero  sine  lignis  est  omnino.     Itaque 

95 


A.D. 

1246. 


Jeris  intem- 
per'ies. 


Orda  quid. 


Tnrtarorurn 
species. 


Ton  sura. 


Habitus. 


Vestes  retro 
caudat^e. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

tarn  Imperator  quam  Principes,  &  omnes  alii  sedent,  & 
cibaria  sua  decoquunt  ad  focum,  de  bourn  &  equorum 
stercoribus  factum.  Ipse  quoque  aer  inordinatus  est  ibidem 
mirabiliter.  In  media  siquidem  restate  ibi  tonitrua  magna 
&  fulgura  fiunt,  ex  quibus  plurimi  occiduntur  homines,  & 
eodem  quoque  tempore  cadunt  ibidem  maxima  nives. 
Sunt  &  ibi  ventorum  frigidissimorum  tam  maximae 
tempestates,  quod  aliquando  vix  possunt  equitare  homines. 
Unde  cum  ante  ordam  essemus  (sic  enim  apud  eos  stationes 
Imperatoris  &  Principum  appellantur)  pras  venti  magni- 
tudine  in  terra  prostrati  jacebamus,  &  videre  propter 
pulveris  magnitudinem  minime  poteramus.  Nunquam  ibi 
pluit  in  hyeme,  sed  frequenter  in  asstate,  &  tam  modicum, 
ut  vix  posset  ahquando  pulverem  &  radicem  graminum 
madefacere.  Ibi  quoque  maxima  grando  cadit  s^pe.  Unde 
cum  Imperator  electus  in  sede  regni  debuit  poni,  nobis  in 
curia  tunc  existentibus,  tanta  cecidit  grando,  quod  ex 
subita  resolutione  plusquam  CLX.  homines  in  eadem  curia 
fuerunt  submersi.  Res  etiam  &  habitacula  plura  fuerunt 
deducta.  Ibi  etiam  est  in  aestate  subito  calor  magnus, 
&  repente  maximum  frigus. 

De  forma  &   habitu   &  victu   eorum.      Cap.   4. 

MOngalorum  autem  sive  Tartarorum  forma  ab  omni- 
bus aliis  hominibus  est  remota.  Inter  oculos  enim, 
&  inter  genas,  lati  sunt  plus  casteris,  genae  quoque  satis 
prominent  a  maxillis.  Nasum  habent  planum  &  modicum, 
oculos  etiam  parvos,  &  palpebras  usque  ad  supercilia 
elevatas,  ac  super  verticem  in  modum  Clericorum  coronas. 
Ex  utraque  parte  frontis  tondendo,  plusquam  in  medio 
crines  longos  faciunt,  reliquos  autem  sicut  mulieres  crescere 
permittunt.  De  quibus  duas  cordas  faciunt,  &  unam- 
quamque  post  aurem  ligant.  Pedes  quoque  modicos  habent. 
Vestes  tam  virorum  quam  mulierum  uno  modo  formatae 
sunt.  Palliis  vel  cappis  vel  caputiis  non  utuntur.  Tunicas 
vero  miro  modo  formatas  portant  de  buccaramo,  vel 
purpurato,  vel  baldaquino.  Pellicium  habet  pilos  exterius, 
sed  apertum  est  a  posterioribus.     Habet  tamen  caudulam 

96 


JOHN    DE    PLANO    CARPINI  ad 

1246. 
unam  usque  ad  genua  retro.  Vestes  suas  non  lavant,  nee 
lavari  permittunt,  &  maxime  a  tempore,  quo  tonitrua 
incipiunt,  usquequo  desinat  illud  tempus.  Stationes  Tabemacula. 
habent  rotundas  in  modum  tentorii  de  virgulis  &  baculis 
subtilibus  pra^paratas.  Supra  vero  in  medio  rotundam 
habent  fenestram,  unde  ingrediatur  lumen,  &  fumus  exire 
possit :  quia  semper  in  medio  faciunt  ignem :  parietes 
autem  &  tecta  filtro  sunt  operta.  Ostia  quoque  de  filtro 
sunt  facta.  Harum  quaedam  subito  solvuntur,  &  reparan- 
tur,  &  super  summarios  deferuntur  :  quasdam  vero  dissolvi 
non  possunt  sed  in  curribus  portantur.  Et  quocunque 
sive  ad  bellum  sive  alias  vadunt,  semper  illas  secum 
deferunt.  In  animalibus  valde  divites  sunt,  ut  in  Camelis  Opeshpecore. 
&  bobus,  capris  &  ovibus.  Jumenta  &  equos  habent  in 
tanta  multitudine,  quantam  non  credimus  totum  mundi 
residuum  habere.  Porcos  autem  &  alias  bestias  non 
habent.  Imperator  ac  Duces  atque  alii  magnates  in  auro  & 
argento  ac  serico  &  gemmis  abundant.  Cibi  eorum  sunt  Victus. 
omnia,  quas  mandi  possunt.  Vidimus  eos  etiam  manducare 
pediculos.  Lac  bibunt  animalium,  &  in  maxima  quanti- 
tate,  si  habent,  jumentinum.  Porro  in  hyeme,  quia  nisi 
divites  sint,  lac  jumentinum  non  habent,  millium  cum 
aqua  decoquunt,  quod  tam  tenue  faciunt,  ut  illud  bibere 
valeant.  Unde  quilibet  eorum  scyphum  bibit  unum  vel 
duos  in  mane,  &  quandoque  nihil  amplius  manducant  in 
die.  In  sero  autem  unicuique  datur  de  carnibus  modicum, 
&  bibunt  ex  eis  brodium.  Porro  in  aestate  quando  satis 
habent  de  lacte  jumentino,  carnes  comedunt  raro,  nisi  forte 
donentur  eisdem,  aut  venatione  bestiam  aliquam  ceperint 
vel  avem. 

De  moribus  eorum  bonis  &  malis.      Cap.   5. 

HAbent  autem  mores  quosdam  quidem  commendabiles,  net^apx'a 
&  quosdam  detestabiles.  Magis  quippe  sunt  obedi- 
entes  Dominis  suis,  quam  aliqui  qui  in  mundo  sint 
homines,  sive  religiosi  sive  seculares.  Nam  eos  maxime 
reverentur,  nee  illis  de  facili  mentiuntur  verbis  factisve  : 
raro  vel   nunquam   ad  invicem  contendunt,  bellaque  vel 


A.D. 

1246. 

Jbstinentia. 


Comitas. 
T^emperantta. 
[I-  39-] 


Castitas. 


Insolentia  ad- 
versus  exteros. 


Iracund'ia. 
Fraudulentia, 

Sordes, 

Temulent'ta^ 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

rixae,  vulnera  vel  homicidia  nunquam  inter  eos  contingunt. 
Prasdones  etiam  ac  fures  rerum  magnarum  ibi  nequaquam 
inveniuntur,  ideoque  stationes  &  currus  eorum,  ubi  thesau- 
ros  habent,  seris  aut  vectibus  non  firmantur.  Si  aliqua 
bestia  perdita  fuerit,  quicunque  invenit  earn  vel  dimittit, 
vel  ad  illos,  qui  ad  hoc  positi  sunt,  earn  ducit.  Apud 
quos  ille,  cujus  est  bestia,  illam  requirit,  &  absque  ulla 
difficultate  recipit.  Unus  alium  satis  honorat,  &  familia- 
ritatem  ac  cibaria,  quamvis  apud  eos  sint  pauca,  liberaliter 
satis  communicat.  Satis  etiam  sunt  sufferentes,  nee  cum 
jejunaverint  uno  die,  vel  duobus,  omnino  sine  cibc, 
videntur  impatientes,  sed  cantant  &  ludunt,  ac  si  bene 
comedissent.  In  equitando  multum  sustinent  frigus, 
calorem  quoque  nimium  patiuntur.  Inter  eos  quasi  nulla 
placita  sunt,  &  quamvis  multum  inebrientur,  tamen  in 
ebrietate  sua  nunquam  contendunt.  Nullus  alium  spernit, 
sed  juvat  &  promovet,  quantum  congrue  potest.  Castas 
sunt  eorum  mulieres,  nee  aliquid  inter  eos  auditur  de 
ipsarum  impudicitia.  Quasdam  tamen  ex  iis  verba  turpia 
satis  habent  &  impudica.  Porro  erga  casteros  homines 
iidem  Tartari  superbissimi  sunt,  omnesque  nobiles  & 
ignobiles  quasi  pro  nihilo  reputantes  despiciunt.  Unde 
vidimus  in  curia  Imperatoris  magnum  Russian  ducem,  & 
filium  regis  Georgianorum,  ac  Soldanos  multos  &  magnos 
nullum  honorem  debitum  recipere  apud  eos.  Quinetiam 
Tartari  eisdem  assignati,  quantumcunque  viles  essent  illos 
antecedebant,  semperque  primum  locum  &  summum  tene- 
bant,  imo  etiam  saspe  oportebat  illos  post  eorum  posteriora 
sedere.  Pr^terea  iracundi  sunt,  &  indignantis  naturae 
multum  erga  casteros  homines,  &  ultra  modum  erga 
eosdem  mendaces.  In  principio  quidem  blandi  sunt,  sed 
postmodum  ut  Scorpiones  pungunt.  Subdoli  enim  & 
fraudulenti  sunt,  &  omnes  homines  si  possunt  astutia 
circumveniunt."  Quicquid  mali  volunt  eis  facere,  miro 
modo  occultant,  ut  sibi  non  possint  providere,  vel  contra 
eorum  astutias  remedium  invenire.  Immundi  quoque 
sunt  in  cibo  &  potu  sumendis,  &  in  caeteris  factis  suis. 
Ebrietas  apud  illos  est  honorabilis  :  cumque  multum  aliquis 

98 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 
biberit,  ibidemque  rejicit,    non   ideo    cessat,  quin    iterum 
bibat.     Ad  petendum  maximi  sunt  exactores,  tenacissimi 
retentores,    parcissimi     donatores.        Aliorum     hominum  AwpoSo/cia. 
occisio  apud  illos  est  pro  nihilo. 

De  legibus  &   consuetudinibus  eorum.      Cap.   6. 

HOc    autem    habent    in    lege    sive    consuetudine,     ut  Poena 
occidant  viros  &  mulieres,  si  quando  inveniantur  in  ^^«^'^^''«- 
adulterio  manifeste.     Similiter  etiam  virginem,  si  fornicata 
fuerit  cum   aliquo,    occidunt   eam   cum   eo.     Prasterea  si 
aliquis  in  prasda  vel  furto  manifesto  invenitur,  sine  ulla  Furti. 
miseratione  occiditur.       Item  si   quis   denudavit   consilia, 
maxime   quando   volunt   ad  bellum  procedere,  dantur  ei 
super    posteriora    centum    plag«,    quanto    majores     unus  Jnani 
rusticus  cum  magno   baculo   potest  dare.      Similiter   cum  evulgati. 
aliqui  de  minoribus  oiFendunt  in  aliquo,  non  eis  a  majori- 
bus    suis    parcitur,    sed    verberibus    graviter    affliguntur. 
Matrimonio    autem    generaliter    conjunguntur    omnibus,  Leges  matri- 
etiam  propinquis  carne,  excepta  matre  &  filia  &  sorore  ex  ^^^^o^'^^- 
eadem  matre.     Nam  sororem  tantum  ex  patre,  &  uxorem 
quoque  patris,  post  ejus  mortem  solent  ducere.      Uxorem 
etiam   fratris   alius   frater  junior,  post    ejus    mortem,  vel 
alius    de    parentela,   tenetur    ducere.      CJnde   dum    adhuc  Andreas  Dux 
essemus  in  terra,  Dux  quidam   Russiae,  Andreas  nomine,  P^ussice. 

apud  Baty,  quod  equos  Tartarorum  de  terra  educeret,  &  ^)^^^^/^^^- 
!••  i      ^  ^  J    T      ^  bersteinium  de 

alus  venderet,  accusatus  est :    quod   licet   non  esset  pro-  ^.^^^^  ^q^_ 

batum,  occisus  est.  Hoc  audiens  junior  frater,  &  uxor  chovipag,%.b. 
occisi,  pariter  venerunt  ad  pr^fatum  Ducem,  supplicare 
volentes,  ne  terra  auferretur  eisdem.  At  ille  parvo  prae- 
cepit,  ut  fratris  defuncti  duceret  uxorem,  mulieri  quoque 
ut  ilium  in  virum  duceret,  secundum  Tartarorum  con- 
suetudinem.  Qus  respondit,  se  potius  occidi  velle,  quam 
sic  contra  legem  facere.  At  ille  nihilominus  eam  illi 
tradidit  quamvis  ambo  renuerent,  quantum  possent.  Itaque 
ducentes  eos  in  lectum,  clamantem  puerum  &  plorantem 
super  illam  posuerunt,  ipsosque  commisceri  pariter  coeg- 
erunt.  Denique  post  mortem  maritorum,  uxores  Tartar- 
orum non  de  facili  solent  ad  secunda  conjugia  transire,  nisi 

99 


A.D. 
1246. 


Melich  t3 


TToXvyafMia. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

forte  quis  velit  sororiam  aut  novercam  suam  ducere.  Nulla 
vero  differentia  est  apud  eos  inter  filium  uxoris  &  con- 
cubinas,  sed  dat  pater  quod  vult  unicuique.  Itaque  si  sunt 
etiam  ex  Ducum  genere,  ita  fit  Dux  filius  concubinas,  sicut 
filius  uxoris  legitima^.  Unde  cum  rex  Georgiae  duos  filios 
David  fratres  j^^uper,  unum  scilicet  nomine  Melich  legitimum,  alterum 
iorgiam.  y^xo  David  ex  adulterio  natum  haberet,  moriensque  terras 
partem  adulteras  filio  reliquisset,  Melich,  cui  etiam  ex  parte 
matris  regnum  obvenerat,  quia  per  foeminas  tenebatur, 
perrexit  ad  Imperatorem  Tartarorum,  eo  quod  &  David 
iter  arripuerat  ad  ilium.  Ambobus  igitur  ad  curiam  venien- 
tibus,  datisque  maximis  muneribus,  petebat  adulteras  filius, 
ut  fieret  ei  justitia  secundum  morem  Tartarorum.  Dataque 
est  sententia  contra  Melich,  ut  David,  qui  major  erat 
natu,  subesset,  ac  terram  a  patre  sibi  concessam  quiete 
ac  pacifice  possideret.  Cumque  Tartarorum  unus  habet 
uxorum  multitudinem,  unaquaeque  per  se  suam  habet 
familiam  &  stationem.  Et  una  die  Tartarus  comedit 
&  bibit  &  dormit  cum  una,  altera  die  cum  alia.  Una 
tamen  inter  casteras  major  habetur,  cum  qua  frequen- 
tius  quam  cum  aliis  commoratur.  Et  licet,  ut  dictum 
est,  sint  multas,  nunquam  tamen  de  facili  contendunt 
inter  se. 

De  superstitiosis  traditionibus  ipsorum.      Cap  7. 

€0e\odp7)<rK€ia.  /^^Uibusdam  vero  traditionibus  indifferentia  quaedam 
V^  esse  peccata  dicunt,  quas  vel  ipsi  vel  antecessores 
eorum  confinxerunt.  Unum  est,  cultellum  in  ignem 
figere,  vel  quocunque  modo  ignem  cultello  tangere,  vel 
etiam  de  caldaria  cum  cultello  carnes  extrahere,  vel  cum 

[I.  40.]  securi   juxta   ignem   incidere.       Credunt    enim,   quod   sic 

auferri  debeat  caput  igni.  Aliud  est  appodiare  se  ad 
flagellum,  quo  percutitur  equus  :  ipsi  enim  non  utuntur 
calcaribus.  Item  flagello  sagittas  tangere,  juvenes  aves 
capere  vel  occidere,  cum  frasno  equum  percutere,  os  cum 
osse  alio  frangere.  Itemque  lac,  vel  aliquem  potum  aut 
cibum  super  terram  effundere,  in  statione  mingere.  Quod 
si  voluntarie  facit,  occiditur,  si  autem  aliter,  oportet  quod 

100 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINl  ad. 

1246. 

pecuniam    multam    incantatori   solvat,   a   quo   purificetur. 

Qui  etiam  facial,  ut  static  cum  omnibus,  quae  in  ipsa  sunt, 

inter    duos     ignes    transeat.      Antequam    sic    purificetur, 

nullus  audet  intrare,  nee  aliquid  de  ilia  exportare.    Pr^terea 

si  alicui   morsellus  imponitur,  quem  deglutire  non  possit, 

&  ilium   de  ore  suo  ejicit,  foramen  sub  statione  fit,    per 

quod  extrahitur,  ac  sine  ulla  miseratione  occiditur.     Iterum  a^eoTT^s. 

si  quis  calcat  super  limen  stationis  Ducis  alicujus,  inter- 

ficitur.      Multa    etiam    habent    his   similia,  quas   reputant 

peccata.     At  homines  occidere,  aliorum  terras  invadere,  ac 

res  illorum  diripere,  &  contra  Dei  pra^cepta  vel  prohibi- 

tiones   facere,   nullum   apud  eos  est   peccatum.     De  vita 

asterna    &    damnatione    perpetua    nihil    sciunt.      Credunt 

tamen,  quod  post  mortem  in  alio  seculo  vivant,  gregesque 

multiplicent,  comedant  &  bibant,  &  castera  faciant,  quas 

hie    a    viventibus    fiunt.     In   principio   lunationis  vel    in   Cu/fus  lun^e. 

plenilunio  incipiunt,  quic  quid  novi  agere  volunt,  ipsamque 

Lunam    Imperatorem  magnum  appellant,  eamque  depre- 

cantes  genua  flectunt.     Omnes,  qui  morantur  in  stationi- 

bus  suis,  oportet  per  ignem  purificari.     Qus  scilicet  puri- 

ficatio  fit  hoc  modo.     Duos  quidem  ignes  faciunt,  &  duas  Lustrationh 

hastas  juxta  eos,  unamque  cordam  in  summitate  hastarum   '''^^^^^• 

ponunt.       Ligantque    super    cordam    illam    quasdam    de 

Bucaramo  scissiones,  sub  qua  scilicet  corda  &  ligaturis  inter 

illos     ignes    transeunt    homines,    ac    bestias    ac    stationes. 

Sunt  etiam  du^  mulieres,  una  hinc,  &  alia  inde  aquam 

projicientes,  ac  quasdam  carmina  recitantes.     Casterum  si 

aliquis   a   fulgure   occiditur,   oportet   prasdicto    modo   per 

ignes  transire  omnes  illos,  qui  in  illis  stationibus  morantur. 

Statio   siquidem  ac   lectus   &   currus,  filtra   &   vestes,    & 

quicquid  talium  habent,  a  nullo  tanguntur,  sed  ab  homini- 

bus  tanquam  immunda  respuuntur.     Et  ut  breviter  dicam, 

omnia    purificari    credunt    per    ignem.      Unde    quando  Ignn 

veniunt   ad   eos   nuncii,   vel  Principes,  aut  qualescunque  ^^^Pf^'^^j^^^^^ 

personam,   oportet   ipsos   &   munera   sua   per   duos   ignes,  ^-^^^^^  ^^* 

ut   purificentur,   transire,   ne   forte  veneficia  fecerint,  aut 

venenum  seu  aliquid  mali  attulerint. 


lOI 


A.D. 
1246. 


THE    ENGLISH    VOYAGES 


Tartari^e 
popuU. 


Chingis  ortus 
I3  res  gestae. 


Naymant. 
U  Infra  cap. 
25. 


Fratres 

discordantes 

oppressi. 


De  initio  imperii  sive  Principatus  eorum. 
Cap.    8. 

TErra  quidem  ilia  Orientalis,  de  qua  dictum  est  supra, 
quse  Mongal  nominatur,  quatuor  quondam  habuisse 
populos  memoratur.  Unus  eorum  Yeka  Mongal,  id  est, 
magni  Mongali  vocabantur.  Secundus  Sumongal,  id  est, 
aquatici  Mongali,  qui  seipsos  appellabant  Tartaros,  a 
quodam  fiuvio  per  eorum  terram  currente,  qui  Tartar 
nominatur.  Tertius  appellabatur  Merkat.  Quartus  vero 
Metrit.  Omnes  unam  personarum  formam  &  unam  lin- 
guam  habebant  hi  populi,  quamvis  inter  se  per  Principes 
ac  provincias  essent  divisi.  In  terra  Yeka  Mongal  quidam. 
fuit,  qui  vocabatur  Chingis.  Iste  coepit  robustus  venator 
esse  :  didicit  enim  homines  furari,  &  praedam  capere.  Ad 
alias  terras  ibat,  &  quoscunque  poterat,  captivabat,  sibique 
associabat.  Homines  quoque  suas  gentis  inclinavit  ad  se, 
qui  tanquam  Ducem  sequebantur  ipsum  ad  male  agendum. 
Coepit  autem  pugnare  cum  Sumongal,  sive  cum  Tartaris, 
&  Ducem  eorum  interfecit,  multoque  bello  sibi  Tartaros 
omnes  subjecit,  &  in  servitutem  redegit.  Post  hasc  cum 
istis  omnibus  contra  Merkatas,  juxta  terram  positos  Tar- 
tarorum  pugnavit,  quos  etiam  bello  sibi  subjecit.  Inde 
procedens  contra  Metritas  pugnam  exercuit,  &  illos  etiam 
obtinuit.  Audientes  Naymani,  quod  Chingis  taliter 
elevatus  esset,  indignati  sunt.  Ipsi  enim  habuerant  Im- 
peratorem  strenuum  valde,  cui  dabant  tributum  cunct^ 
nationes  prsdictae.  Qui  cum  esset  mortuus,  filii  ejus 
successerunt  loco  ipsius.  Sed  quia  juvenes  ac  stulti  erant, 
populum  tenere  nesciebant,  sed  ad  invicem  divisi  ac  scissi 
erant.  Unde  Chingi  prasdicto  modo  jam  exaltato,  nihilo- 
minus  in  terras  prsdictas  faciebant  insultum,  &  habitatores 
occidebant,  ac  diripiebant  prasdam  eorum.  Quod  audiens 
Chingis,  omnes  sibi  subjectos  congregavit.  Naymani  & 
Karakytay  ex  adverso  similiter  in  quandam  vallem  strictam 
convenerunt,  &  commissum  est  praslium,  in  quo  Naymani 
&   Karakytay  a  Mongalis  devicti   sunt.     Qui  etiam  pro 

102 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  a.d. 

1246. 
majori  parte  occlsi  fuerunt,  &  alii,  qui  evadere  non  potue- 
runt,  ill  servitutem  redacti  sunt.     In  terra   praedictorum 
Karakytaorum  Occoday  Cham,  filius   Chingischam,  post-  Occoday 
quam  imperator  fuit  positus,  quandam  civitatem  aedificavit,   ^'^'^^• 
quam  Chanyl  appellavit.     Prope  quam  ad  Meridiem  est 
quoddam  desertum  magnum,  in  quo  pro  certo  sylvestres  Homines  syl- 
homines    habitare    dicuntur,    qui    nullatenus    loquuntur, 
nee  juncturas  in   cruribus   habent,  &   si   quando  cadunt, 
per    se    surgere    non    valent.       Sed    tamen    discretionem 
tantam  habent,   quod   filtra   de  lana   Camelorum,  quibus 
vestiuntur,    faciunt    &    contra    ventum    ponunt.       Et    si 
quando  Tartari   pergentes   ad   eos  vubierant  eos  sagittis, 
gramina    in    vulneribus    ponunt,    &    fortiter    ante    ipsos 
fueiunt. 


vestres. 


De  mutua  victoria  ipsorum  6c  Kythaorum.         ^  4i-] 
Cap.   9. 


M 


Ongali  autem  in  terram  suam  revertentes,  se  contra*  "^Haphomi^ 


Paulo  Veneto 
sunt  Cathay, 

Tartarojiim 

Cathayna 

clades. 


Kythaos  ad  praelium  paraverunt,  &  castra  moventes, 
eorum  terram  intraverunt.  Quod  audiens  eorum  Impera- 
tor, venit  cum  exercitu  suo  contra  illos,  &  commissum  est 
praslium  durum,  in  quo  Mongali  sunt  devicti,  omnesque 
nobiles  eorum,  qui  erant  in  exercitu,  pr^ster  septem  occisi 
sunt.  Unde  cum  illis  volentibus  aliquam  impugnare 
regionem,  minatur  aliquis  stragem,  adhuc  respondent  : 
Olim  etiam  occisi  non  nisi  septem  remansimus,  &  tamen 
modo  crevimus  in  multitudinem  magnam,  ideoque  non 
terremur  de  talibus.  Chingis  autem  &  alii,  qui  reman- 
serunt,  in  terram  suam  fugerunt.  Cumque  quievisset 
aliquantulum,  prasparavit  se  rursus  ad  praslium,  &  pro- 
cessit  contra  terram  Huyrorum.  Isti  sunt  homines 
Christiani  de  secta  Nestorianorum.  Et  hos  etiam  Mon-  t^ov^ 
gali  devicerunt,  eorumque  literam  acceperunt  ;  prius  enim  victoria- 
scripturam  non  habebant,  nunc  autem  eandem  Mongal-  Litera. 
orum  literam  appellant.  Inde  contra  terram  Saruyur,  & 
contra  terram  Karanitarum,  &  contra  terram  Hudirat  pro-  j 

cessit,  quos  omnes   bello   devicit.     Inde  in  terram  suam  < 

rediit,  &  aliquantulum  quievit.     Deinde  convocatis  omni-  ] 

103  ; 


A.D. 
1246. 


Argentum  loco 
lapidum  in  hos- 
ts m  projectum. 


Ch'mgis 
sahtattir 
Imperator. 
Cathaynorum 
litera  ^  re- 


Opificiorum 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

bus  hominibus  suls,  contra  Kythaos  pariter  processerunt, 
diuque  contra  illos  pugnantes,  magnam  partem  terras 
illorum  vicerunt,  eorumque  Imperatorem  in  civitatem  suam 
majorem  concluserunt.  Quam  &  tarn  longo  tempore 
obsederunt,  quod  exercitus  expensae  omnin6  defecerunt. 
Cumque  jam  quod  manducarent,  penitus  non  haberent, 
prascipit  Chingischam  suis,  ut  de  decern  hominibus  unum 
ad  manducandum  darent.  Illi  vero  de  civitate  machinis 
&  sagittis  viriliter  contra  istos  pugnabant,  &  cum  deficerent 
lapideSj  argentum  &  maxime  liquefactum  projiciebant. 
Civitas  siquidem  ilia  multis  erat  divitiis  plena.  Cumque 
diu  Mongali  pugnassent,  &  eam  bello  vincere  non  possent, 
unam  magnam  sub  terra  viam  ab  exercitu  usque  ad  medium 
civitatis  fecerunt,  &  prosilientes  in  medium,  ejus,  contra 
cives  pugnaverunt.  Illi  quoque,  qui  extra  remanserant, 
eodem  modo  contra  illos  pugnabant.  Denique  concidentes 
portas  civitatis  intraverunt,  &  imperatorem  cum  pluribus 
occidentes  urbem  possederunt,  aurumque  &  argentum,  & 
omnes  ejus  divitias  abstulerunt.  Et  cum  illi  terras  suos 
homines  prsfecissent,  in  terram  propriam  reversi  sunt. 
Tunc  primum  Imperatore  Kythaorum  devicto,  factus  est 
Chingischam  imperator.  Quandam  tamen  partem  illius 
terr«,  quia  posita  erat  in  mari,  nullatenus  devicerunt  usque 
hodie.  Sunt  autem  Kytai  homines  pagani,  habentes  literam 
specialem,  &  etiam,  ut  dicitur,  veteris  &  novi  Testamenti 
scripturam.  Habent  etiam  vitas  patrum  &  eremitas  & 
domos,  in  quibus  orant  temporibus  suis,  ad  modum  Ec- 
clesiarum  factas.  Quosdam  etiam  sanctos  habere  se  dicunt, 
&  unum  Deum  colunt.  Christum  Jesum  Dominum 
venerantur,  &  credunt  vitam  asternam,  sed  non  baptizantur. 
Scripturam  nostram  honorant  ac  reverentur.  Christianos 
diligunt,  &  eleemosynas  plures  faciunt,  homines  benigni 
satis  &  humani  videntur.  Barbam  non  habent,  &  in  dis- 
positione  faciei  cum  Mongalis  in  parte  concordant. 
Meliores  artifices  in  mundo  non  inveniuntur  in  omnibus 
operibus,  in  quibus  homines  exercentur.  Terra  eorum  est 
opulenta  nimis  in  frumento  &  vino,  auro  &  serico  ac  rebus 
casteris. 

104 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 

De  pugna  ipsorum  contra  Indiam  minorem  & 
maiorem.     Cap.  10.     ' 

CUm  autem  Mongali  cum  Imperatore  suo  Chingischam 
post    prasfatam    victoriam    aliquantulum    quievissent, 
exercitus  suos  diviserunt.     Imperator  siquidem  unum  de   Thssut  Can, 
iiliis  suis  nomine  Thosut,  quem  etiam  Can,  id  est,  Impera-  ^-^^^^^S^^  ^^ 
torem   appellabant,  cum    exercitu  contra   Comanos   misit, 
quos   ille   multo   bello  devicit,  &  postmodum  in    terram 
suam  rediit.     Alium  vero  filium  cum  exercitu  contra  Indos  India  minor 
misit,  qui  &  minorem    Indiam    subjecit.      Hi    sunt    nigri  ^(^bellata. 
Sarraceni,  qui  iEthipes  sunt  vocati.     Hie  autem  exercitus 
ad  pugnam  contra  Christianos,  qui  sunt  in  India  majori,  Regis  majoris 
processit.     Quod   audiens   Rex   illius    terrae,  qui   vulgo*  ^"^^'^"^  strata- 
Presbyter  Johannes  appellatur,  contra  illos  venit  exercitu  i^^w       /• 
congregato.       Et     faciens     imagines    cupreas     hominum,  i^  njj^  ^  c(it>. 
unamquanque   posuit   in   sella  super   equum.      Posuit  &   51.  M.  Pauli 
interius  ignem,  &  hominem  cum  folle  super  equum  post  ^^^netl 
imaginem.       Itaque    cum    multis     equis    &    imaginibus, 
taliter  praeparatis,  ad  pugnam  contra  Mongalos  seu  Tar- 
taros  processerunt.     Et  cam  ad  locum  praelii  pervenissent, 
equos  istos  unum  juxta  alium  praemiserunt.     Viri  autem, 
qui  erant  retro,  nescio  quid  super  ignem,  qui  erat  intra 
imagines,  posuerunt,  &  cum  follibus  fortiter  sufflaverunt. 
Unde  factum  est,  ut  ex  Graeco  igne  homines  &  equi  com- 
burerentur,  &  etiam  aer  ex  fumo  denigraretur.     Tumque 
super   Tartaros   sagittas  jecerunt   Indi,  ex    quibus    multi  Victoria. 
vulnerati    fuerunt    &    interfecti.       Sicque    ejecerunt   illos 
cum  magna  confusione  de  suis  finibus,  nee  unquam,  quod 
ad  ipsos  ultra  redierint  audivimus. 

Qualiter  ab  hominibus  caninis  repulsi,  Buritha-     [I.  +2.] 
bethinos  vicerunt.      Cap.    11. 

CUm  autem  per  deserta  redirent,  in  quandam  terram 
venerunt,  in  qua,  sicut  nobis  apud  Imperatoris  curiam 
per  clericos  Ruthenos,  &  alios,  qui  diu  fuerant  inter  ipsos, 
iirmiter  asserendo  referebatur,  monstra  quaedam,  imaginem 

105 


A.D. 

1246. 
De  monst?vsis 
mulieribus  iff 
canibus  mon- 
strosanarratio. 

U  Forsan 
autem  videri 
allegor'ica 
alliisio  possit 
ad  Can'ibaks 
de  qu'ibus 
Petrus  Mar- 
tyr Mediolan. 
de  rebus 
Oceanicis. 


Burithabeth 
regto. 

Incolarum 
mores. 


Alia  Chingis 
expedition 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

foemineam  habentia,  repererunt.  Quas  cum  per  multos 
interpretes  interrogassent,  ubi  viri  terrae  illius  essent,  re- 
sponderunt,  quod  in  ilia  terra  quaecunque  foeminae 
nascebantur,  habebant  formam  humanam,  masculi  vero 
speciem  caninam.  Dumque  moram  in  terra  ilia  protra- 
herent.  Canes  in  alia  fluvii  parte  convenerunt.  Et  cum 
esset  hyems  asperrima  omnes  se  in  aquam  projecerunt. 
Post  base  incontinenti  sponte  in  pulverem  volvebantur, 
sicque  pulvis  admixtus  aquae  super  eos  congelabatur,  & 
ut  ita  pluries  fecerunt,  glacie  super  eos  depressata,  cum 
impetu  magno  contra  Tartaros  ad  pugnam  convenerunt. 
At  vero  cum  illi  sagittas  super  eos  jaciebant,  ac  si  super 
lapides  sagittassent,  retro  sagittae  redibant.  Alia  quoque 
arma  eorum  in  nullo  eos  laedere  poterant.  Ipsi  vero  Canes 
insultum  in  Tartaros  facientes,  morsibus  vulneraverunt 
multos,  &  occiderunt,  sicque  illos  de  suis  finibus  ejecerunt. 
Unde  adhuc  inter  illos  est  proverbium  de  hoc  facto,  quod 
dicunt  ad  invicem  ridendo  :  Pater  meus  vel  frater  meus  a 
Canibus  fuit  occisus.  Mulieres  autem  illorum,  quas 
ceperant,  ad  terram  suam  duxerunt,  &  usque  ad  diem 
mortis  eorum  ibidem  fuerunt.  Cum  autem  exercitus  ille 
Mongalorum  rediret,  venit  ad  terram  Burithabeth,  cujus 
habitatores  pagani  sunt,  &  hos  Tartari  bello  vicerunt.  Hi 
consuetudinem  habent  mirabilem,  imo  potius  miserabilem. 
Cum  enim  alicujus  pater  humanae  naturae  solvit  debitum, 
congregant  omnem  parentelam,  &  comedunt  eum.  Hi 
pilos  in  barba  non  habent,  imo  ferrum  quoddam  in  man- 
ibus,  sicut  vidimus,  portant,  cum  quo  semper  barbam,  si 
forte  crinis  aliquis  in  ea  crescit,  depilant.  Multum 
etiam  deformes  sunt.  Inde  vero  ille  Tartarorum  exercitus 
in  terram  suam  est  reversus. 

Qualiter  a  montibus   Caspiis,   &  ab  hominibus 
subterraneis  repulsi  sunt.      Cap.    12. 

CHingischam  etiam  illo  tempore,  quo  dimisit  alios 
exercitus  contra  Orientem,  per  terram  Kergis  cum 
expeditione  perrexit,  quos  tamen  tunc  bello  non  vicit,  & 
ut    nobis    dicebatur,  ibidem    usque    ad    montes    Caspios 

106 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 
pervenit.     At  illi  montes  in  ea  parte,  ad  quam  applica- 
verunt,  de  lapide  Adamantlno  sunt :    ideoque  sagittas  & 
arma   ferrea   illorum   ad   se    traxerunt.     Homines    autem 
inter    Caspios    montes    conclusi    clamorem    exercitus,    ut 
creditur,   audientes,   montem  frangere   coeperunt,  &   cum 
alio  tempore  post  decern  annos  redirent  Tartari,  montem 
confractum      invenerunt.       Cumque     ad     illos     accedere 
attentassent,  minime  potuerunt :   quia  nubes  quaedam  erat 
posita    ante    ipsos,  ultra   quam    ire     nullatenus    poterant. 
Omnino   quippe   visum    amittebant,    statim    ut    ad    illam 
perveniebant.       Illi    autem    ex    adverso    credentes,    quod  ^  Vide  an 
Tartari  ad  illos  accedere  formidarent,  insultum  contra  eos  ^^^^^^^ 
fecerunt,  sed   statim   ut   pervenerunt   ad   nubem    propter  ^^^^°T.^j 
causam   praedictam,  procedere   non   potuerunt.     Ac   vero  Haythonus 
antequam  ad  montes  prasdictos  pervenirent  Tartari,  plus-  cap.  10. 
quam  per  mensem  per  vastam  solitudinem  transierunt,  & 
inde  procedentes   adhuc  contra  Orientem,  plusquam  per 
mensem    per    magnum     desertum     perrexerunt.       Itaque 
pervenerunt  ad  quandam  terram,  in  qua  vias  quidem  tritas 
videbant,    sed     neminem     invenire     poterant.       Tandem 
quaerentes,  unum   hominem   cum   uxore    sua    repererunt, 
quos  in  pr^sentiam   Chingischam  adduxerunt.     Qui  cum 
interrogasset  illos,  ubi  homines  illius  terrae  essent,  respon- 
derunt,   quod    in  terra  sub   m.ontibus   habitarent.     Tunc  Troghdytce. 
Chingischam   retenta   uxore,  misit    ad    eos   virum    ilium, 
mandans   illis,   ut    venirent    ad    ipsius    mandatum.      Qui 
pergens   ad   illos,  omnia    narravit,  quae    Chingischam    eis 
mandavit.     Illi  vero  respondentes  dixerunt,  quod  die  tali 
venirent  ad  ipsum,  ut  facerent  ejus  mandatum.     Ac  ipsi 
medio  tempore  per  vias  occultas  sub  terra  se  congregantes, 
ad   pugnam   contra   illos    venerunt,  &   subito    super    eos 
irruentes,  plurimos  occiderunt.     Solis  quoque  sonitus  in  Fabuksus 
ortu    suo     sustinere     non     poterant,   imo     tempore,    quo  '^^^{■^  orientis 
oriebatur,  oportebat  eos  unam  aurem  ad  terram  ponere,  &  ^^^^^«^- 
superiorem   fortiter  obturare,  ne   sonum  ilium  terribilem 
audirent.     Nee   sic  tamen  cavere   poterant,   quin   hac   de 
causa  plurimi  ex  eis  interirent.     Videns  ergo  Chingischam 
&  sui,  quod   nihil   proficerent,  sed  potius  homines   suos 

107 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1246. 

perderent,  fugerunt,  ac  terra  ilia  exierunt.  Ilium  tamen 
virum  cum  uxore  sua  secum  deduxerunt,  qui  etiam  usque 
ad  mortem  in  terra  eorum  fuerunt.  Interrogati  vero,  cur 
in  regione  sua  sub  terra  soleant  habitare,  dixerunt,  quod 
ibi  quodam  tempore  anni,  cum  oritur  Sol,  tantus  fit 
sonitus,  ut  homines  nulla  ratione  valeant  sustinere.  Quin 
etiam  tunc  in  organis  &  tympanis  caeterisque  musicis 
instrumentis  percutere  solent,  ut  sonitum  ilium  non 
audiant. 

[I-  43]  De  statutis  Chingischam,  et  morte  ipsius,  et  iiliis 

ac   Ducibus.      Cap.    13. 

CUm  autem  de  terra  ilia  reverteretur  Chingischam, 
defecerunt  eis  victualia,  famemque  patiebantur  maxi- 
mam.  Tunc  interiora  unius  bestiae  recentia  casu  inven- 
erunt :  quae  accipientes,  depositis  tantum  stercoribus, 
decoxerunt,    &     coram     Chingischam     deportata     pariter 

Chingis  lex.  comederunt.  Ideoque  statuit  Chingischam,  ut  nee 
sanguis,  nee  interiora,  nee  aliquid  de  bestia,  quas  manducari 
potest,  projiciatur,  exceptis  stercoribus.  Inde  ergo  in 
terram  propriam  reversus  est,  ibique  leges  &  statuta 
edidit,  quae  Tartari  inviolabiliter  observant,  de  quibus 
scilicet  jam  alias  superius  dictum  est.     Post  hoc  ab  ictu 

Liberi.  tonitrui  occisus  est.      Habuit  autem  quatuor  filios  :    Occo- 

day  vocabatur  primus,  Thossut  Can  secundus,  Thiaday 
tertius,  quarti  nomen  ignoramus.  Ab  his  iiii.  descen- 
derunt  omnes  Duces  Mongalorum.  Primus  filiorum 
Occoday  est  Cuyne,  qui  nunc  est  Imperator.  Hujus 
fratres  Cocten  &  Chyrenen.  Ex  filiis  autem  Thossut  Can 
sunt  Bathy,  Ordu,  Siba,  Bora.  Bathy  post  Imperatorem 
omnibus  ditior  est  ac  potentior.  Ordu  vero  omnium 
Ducum  senior.  Filii  Thiaday,  sunt  Hurin  &  Cadan. 
Filii  autem  alterius  filii  Chingischam,  cujus  ignoramus 
nomen,  sunt,  Mengu  &  Bithat  &  alii  plures.  Hujus 
Mengu  mater  Seroctan  est,  Domina  magna  inter  Tartaros, 
excepta  Imperatoris  matre  plus  nominata,  omnibusque 
potentior,    excepto    Bathy.       Haec    autem    sunt     nomina 

Duces.  Ducum:   Ordu,  qui  fuit  in  Polonia,  &  Hungaria,  Bathy 

108 


Iriier'itus. 


Kepotes. 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 
quoque  &  Huryn  &  Cadan  &  Syban  &  Ouygat,  qui 
omnes  fuerunt  in  Hungaria.  Sed  &  Cyrpodan,  qui  adhuc 
est  ultra  mare  contra  quosdam  Soldanos  Sarracenorum,  & 
alios  habitatores  terrae  transmarinae.  Alii  vero  remanse- 
runt  in  terra,  scilicet  Mengu,  Chyrenen,  Hubilai,  Sinocur, 
Cara,  Gay,  Sybedey,  Bora,  Berca,  Corrensa.  Alii  quoque 
Duces  eorum  plures  sunt,  quorum  nomina  nobis  ignota 
sunt. 

De  potestate  Imperatoris  &   Ducum  ejus. 
Cap.    14. 

POrro    Imperator     eorum,   scilicet     Tartarorum,    super  Imperatoris 
omnes  habet  mirabile  dominium.      Nullus  enim  audet  Tartarorum 

in  aliqua  morari  parte,  nisi  ubi  assig^naverit  ipse.     Et  ipse  ^^^"^'^!^  ''■  '^"^' 
•A  •         ^  T^      -u  u-  r^  .^        7ies  tmperium. 

quidem  assignat  Ducibus  ubi  maneant.     Duces  autem  loca 

Millenariis  assignant,  Millenarii  vero  Centenariis,  & 
Centenarii  Decanis.  Quicquid  autem  eis  prascipitur,  quo- 
cunque  tempore,  quocunque  loco,  sive  ad  bellum,  sive 
ad  mortem,  vel  ubicunque,  sine  ulla  obediunt  contra- 
dictions Nam  etsi  petit  alicujus  filiam  virginem,  vel 
sororem,  mox  ei  sine  contradictione  exponunt  eam,  imo 
frequenter  colligit  virgines  ex  omnibus  Tartarorum  finibus, 
&  si  vult  aliquas  retinere,  sibi  retinet,  alias  vero  dat  suis 
hominibus.  Nuncios  etiam  quoscunque  &  ubicunque 
transmittat,  oportet  quod  dent  ei  sine  mora  equos  & 
expensas.  Similiter  undecunque  veniant  ei  tributa  vel 
nuncii,  oportet  equos  &  currus  &  expensas  tribui.  Ac  Inhumanitas 
vero  nuncii,  qui  aliunde  veniunt,  in  magna  miseria,  &  ^^^^  Legatos. 
victus  &  vestitus  penuria  sunt.  Maximeque  quando 
veniunt  ad  Principes,  &  ibi  debent  moram  contrahere. 
Tunc  adeo  parum  datur  decem  hominibus,  quod  vix  inde 
possent  duo  vivere.  Insuper  &  si  aliqua  illis  injuria^ 
fiunt,  minime  conqueri  facile  possunt.  Multa  quoque 
munera  tam  a  principibus  quam  a  casteris  ab  illis  petuntur : 
qu£  si  non  dederint,  vilipenduntur,  &  quasi  pro  nihilo 
reputantur.  Hinc  &  nos  magnam  partem  rerum,  quae 
nobis  pro  expensis  a  lidelibus  erant  datae,  de  necessitate 
oportuit  in  muneribus  dare.     Denique  sic  omnia  sunt  in 

109 


A.D. 
1246. 


Occoday  sur- 
rogatur  patru 

Bathy  ejusque 
expeditio. 


Barchin 
civitas. 


Sarguit 
civitas. 


Orna  civitas. 
[I.  44-] 


%VideMecho- 
vium,  lib.  i. 
ca.  3. 


THE    ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

manu  Imperatoris,  quod  nemo  audet  dicere,  Hoc  meum 
est  vel  illiuSj  sed  omnia,  scilicet  res  &  jumenta  ac  homines, 
sunt  ipsius.  Super  hoc  etiam  nuper  emanavit  statutum 
ejusdem.  Idem  quoque  per  omnia  dominium  habent 
Duces  super  sibi  subditos  homines. 

De  electione  Imperatoris  Occoday,   &  legatione 
Ducis  Bathy.      Cap.  15. 

MOrtuo,  ut  supra  dictum  est,  Cyngischam,  convenerunt 
Duces,  &  elegerunt  Occoday,  fiHum  ejus  Impera- 
torem.  Qui  habito  consiHo  Principum,  divisit  exercitus. 
Misitque  Bathy,  qui  in  secundo  gradu  attingebat  eum, 
contra  terram  Altissodan  &  contra  terram  Bisminorum,  qui 
Sarraceni  erant,  sed  loquebantur  Comanicum.  Qui  terram 
illorum  ingressus,  cum  eis  pugnavit,  eosque  sibi  bello  sub- 
jecit.  Quasdam  autem  civitas,  nomine  Barchin,  diu  restitit 
eis.  Gives  enim  in  circuitu  civitatis  foveas  multas  fecerant, 
propter  quas  non  poterant  a  Tartaris  capi,  donee  illas  re- 
plevissent.  Gives  autem  urbis  Sarguit  hoc  audientes, 
exierunt  obviam  eis,  sponte  in  manus  eorum  se  tradentes. 
Unde  civitas  eorum  destructa  non  fuit,  sed  plures  eorum 
occiderunt,  &  alios  transtulerunt,  acceptisque  spoliis, 
urbem  aliis  hominibus  repleverunt,  &  contra  civitatem 
Orna  perrexerunt.  Hasc  erat  nimium  populosa  &  divitiis 
copiosa.  Erant  enim  ibi  plures  Ghristiani,  videlicet  Gasari 
&  Rutheni,  &  Alani,  &  alii  nee  non  &  Sarraceni.  Erat- 
que  Sarracenorum  civitatis  dominium.  Est  etiam  posita 
super  quendam  magnum  fluvium,  &  est  quasi  portus, 
habens  forum  maximum.  Gumque  Tartari  non  possent  eos 
aliter  vincere,  fluvium,  qui  per  urbem  currebat,  praeciderunt, 
&  illam  cum  rebus  &  hominibus  submerserunt.  Quo 
facto,  contra  Russiam  perrexerunt,  &  magnam  stragem  in 
ea  fecerunt,  civitates  &  castra  destruxerunt,  &  homines 
occiderunt.  Kioviam,  Russias  metropolin,  diu  obsederunt, 
&  tandem  ceperunt,  ac  cives  interfecerunt.  Unde  quando 
per  illam  terram  ibamus,  innumerabilia  capita  &  ossa  homi- 
num  mortuorum,  jacentia  super  campum,  inveniebamus. 
Fuerat  enim  urbs  valde  magna  &  populosa,  nunc  quasi  ad 

1 10 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINl  ad. 

1246. 
nihilum  est  redacta :  vix  enim  domus  ibi  remanserunt  du- 
centae,  quarum  etiam  habitatores  teiientur  in  maxima  servi- 
tute.       Porro   de   Russia   &   de   Comania  Tartari   contra 
Hungaros  &  Polonos  processerunt,  ibique  plures  ex  ipsis 
interfecti  fuerunt,  &  ut  jam  superius  dictum  est,  si  Hun- 
gari  viriliter  restitissent,  Tartari  ab  eis  confusi  recessissent. 
Inde  revertentes  in  terram  Morduanorum,  qui  sunt  Pagani,  Morduanl 
venerunt,  eosque  bello  vicerunt.      Inde  contra  Byleros,  id 
est,  contra  Bulgariam  magnam  profecti  sunt,  &  ipsam  om-  Bulgaria 
nino    destruxerunt.      Hinc   ad  Aquilonem   adhuc   contra  ^^^S^^^- 
Bastarcos,  id  est  Hungariam  magnam  processerunt,  &  illos  Hungarla 
etiam  devicerunt.     Hinc  amplius  ad  Aquilonem  pergentes,  ^^S"^- 
ad  Parossitas  venerunt,  qui  parvos  habentes  stomachos  &  Pamsltce. 
OS  parvum,  non  manducant,  sed  carnes  decoquunt,  quibus 
decoctis,  se  super  ollam  ponunt,  &  fumum  recipiunt,  &  de 
hoc  solo  reficiuntur,  vel  si  aliquid  manducant,  hoc  valde 
modicum  est.      Hinc  &  ad  Samogetas  venerunt,  qui  tan-  Samoget^. 
tum  de  venationibus  vivunt,  &  tabernacula  vestesque  tantum 
habent  de  pellibus  bestiarum.      Inde  ad  quandam  terram 
super  Oceanum  pervenerunt,  ubi  monstra  quaedam  invene-  Monstra 
runt,   quae   per   omnia   formam   humanam    habebant,    sed  ^l^^^^^^^^^- 
pedes  bovinos,  &  caput  quidem  humanum,  sed   faciem  ut 
canis.     Duo  verba  loquebantur  ut  homines,  tertio  latrabant 
ut  canes.     Hinc  redierunt  in  Comaniam,  &  usque  nunc  ibi 
morantur  ex  eis  quidam. 

jZ)^  his  regionibus   Herhersteinius  pag.    8.^.    ^   <^i.h. 

Paret  enim  hodie  utraque  Moschorum  Principi.     Item  de 

Bulgaria  Guaguinus  pag.  loG.b. 

De  legatione  Cyrpodan  Ducis.     Cap.  16. 

EO  tempore  misit  Occoday  Can  Cyrpodan  Ducem  cum  E xpe ditto  ^ 
exercitu  ad  meridiem  contra  Kergis,  qui  &  illos  bello  ^VP^^^'^^^- 
superavit.  Hi  homines  sunt  Pagani,  qui  pilos  in  barba 
non  habent.  Quorum  consuetudo  talis  est,  ut  cum  alicu- 
jus  pater  moritur,  prae  dolore  quasi  unam  corrigiam  in 
signum  lamenti  ab  aure  usque  aurem  de  facie  sua  levet. 
His  autem  devictis.  Dux  Cyrpodan  contra  Armenios  ivit 
ad  meridiem  cum  suis.     Qui  cum  transirent   per  deserta 

1 1 1 


AD. 
1246. 


Cyclopedes. 


Armenia  I5 
Georgia  sub- 
acta. 


Zoldajius 
Halapio". 

+ 
Calipha 
Baldacetisis. 


Tartarorurn 
militaris  dis- 
ciplina. 


THE    ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

quaedam,  monstra  invenerunt,  effigiem  humanam  habentia, 
quae  non  nisi  unum  brachium  cum  manu  in  medio  pectoris, 
&  unum  pedem  habebant,  &  duo  cum  uno  arcu  sagitta- 
bant,  adeoque  fortiter  currebant,  quod  equi  eos  investigare 
non  poterant.  Currebant  autem  super  unum  pedem  ilium 
saltando,  &  cum  essent  fatigati,  taliter  eundo  ibant  super 
manum  &  pedem,  se  tanquam  in  circulo  revolvendo. 
Cumque  sic  etiam  fesse  essent,  iterum  secundum  priorem 
modum  currebant.  Hos  Isidorus  Cyclopedes  appellat.  Et 
ex  eis  Tartari  nonnullos  occiderunt.  Et  sicut  nobis  a 
Ruthenis  Clericis  in  curia  dicebatur,  qui  morantur  cum  Im- 
peratore  praedicto,  plures  ex  eis  nuncii  venerunt  in  legatione 
ad  curiam  Imperatoris,  superius  annotati,  ut  possent  habere 
pacem  cum  illo.  Inde  procedentes  venerunt  in  Armeniam, 
quam  bello  devicerunt,  &  etiam  Georgiae  partem.  Alia 
vero  pars  venit  ad  mandatum  eorum,  &  singulis  annis 
dederunt,  &  adhuc  dant  ei  pro  tributo  xx.  millia  Yper- 
perarum.  Hinc  ad  terram  Soldani  Deurum,  potentis  & 
magni,  processerunt,  cum  quo  etiam  pugnantes,  ipsum  de- 
vicerunt. Denique  processerunt  ulterius  debellando  ac 
vincendo  usque  ad  terram  Soldani  Halapiae,  &  nunc  etiam 
terram  obtinent,  alias  quoque  terras  ultra  illas  proponentes 
impugnare:  nee  postea  reversi  sunt  in  terram  suam  usque 
hodie.  Idemque  exercitus  contra  terram  Caliphi  Baldach 
perrexit,  quam  etiam  sibi  subdidit,  &  ut  CCCC.  Byzantios, 
exceptis  Baldekinis  caeterisque  muneribus,  ei  quotidie  pro 
tributo  daret,  obtinuit.  Sed  &  quolibet  anno  mittunt  nun- 
cios ad  Caliphum,  ut  ad  eos  veniat.  Qui  cum  tributo 
munera  magna  trasmittens,  ut  eum  supportent,  rogat. 
Ipse  autem  Imperator  Tartarorum  munera  quidem  accipit, 
&  nihilominus  ut  veniat,  pro  eo  mittit. 

Qualiter  Tartari  se  habent  in  praeliis.      Cap.  17. 

ORdinavit  Chingischam  Tartaros  per  Decanos  &  cen- 
tenarios  &  millenarios.  Decern  quoque  millenariis 
prasponunt  unum,  cunctoque  nihilominus  exercitui  duos 
aut  tres  Duces,  ita  tamen  ut  ad  unum  habeant  respectum. 
Cumque  in  bello  contra  aliquos  congrediuntur,  nisi  com- 


j 

JOHN   DE    PLANO    CARPINI  a.d.              j 

1246.  I 

muniter  cedant,  omnes  qui    fugiunt,  occiduntur.      Et   si  [I.  45.]                 j 

unus  aut  duo,  vel  plures  ex  decern  audacter  accedunt  ad  ■ 

pugnam,  alii  vero  ex  illo  Denario  non  sequuntur,  similiter  ' 

occiduntur.     Sed  etiam  si  unus  ex  decern  vel  plures  capi-  j 

untur,  socii  eorum  si  non  eos  liberant,  ipsi  etiam  occidun-  \ 

tur.     Porro  arma  debent  habere  talia.     Duos  arcus  vel  Jt-matura,              \ 
unum  bonum  ad  minus.    Tresque  pharetras  sagittis  plenas, 
&  unam  securim  &  funes  ad  machinas  trahendas.    Divites 
autem  habent  gladios  in  fine  acutos,  ex  una  parte  tantum 
incidentes,    &   aliquantulum    curvos.      Habent    &    equos 

armatos,  crura  etiam  tecta,  galeas  &  loricas.    Verum  loricas  " 

&  equorum   cooperturas  quidam  habent  de  corio,  super  J 

corpus  artificiose  duplicato  vel  etiam  triplicato.    Galea  vero  \ 
superius  est  de  chalybe,  vel  de  ferro:   sed  illud,  quod  in 
circuitu  protegit  collum  &  gulam,  est  de  corio.     Quidam 

autem  de  ferro  habent  omnia  supradicta,  in  hunc  modum  ; 

formata.     Laminas  multas  tenues  ad  unius  digiti   latitu-  ' 

dinem  &  palms  longitudinem  faciunt,  &  in  qualibet  octo  I 

foramina  parvula  facientes,  interius  tres  corrigias  strictas  &  ' 
fortes  ponunt.     Sicque  laminas,  unam  alii  quasi  per  gradus 
ascendendo,  supponunt.     Itaque  laminas  ad  corrigias,  tenu- 

ibus  corrigiolis  per  foramina  praedicta  immissis,  ligant,  &  I 

in  superiori  parte  corrigiolam  unam  ex  utraque  parte  dupli-  I 
catam  cum  alia  corrigiola  consuunt,  ut  laminae  simul  bene 

firmiterque  cohaereant.     Haec  faciunt   tam  ad  cooperturas  j 

equorum,  quam  ad  armaturas  hominum.    Adeoque  faciunt  ] 

ilia  lucere,  quod   in  eis  potest  homo  faciem  suam  videre.  | 

Aliqui  vero  in  collo  ferri  lanceae  uncum  habent,  cum  quo  I 

de  sella,  si  possunt,  hominem  detrahant.    Sagittarum  eorum  | 

ferramenta  sunt  acutissima,  ex  utraque  parte  quasi  gladius  j 

biceps  incidentia,  semperque  juxta  pharetram  portant  limas  I 

ad  acuendum   sagittas.     Habent  vero  scuta  de  viminibus,  ' 

aut  de  virgulis  facta.      Sed  non  credimus,  quod  ea  soleant  ' 

portare,  nisi  ad  castra  &  ad  custodiam  Imperatoris  ac  prin-  I 

cipum,  &  hoc  tantum  de  nocte.     In  bellis  astutissimi  sunt:  Ususbellorum.         < 

quia    per   annos   xlii.    cum    caeteris    gentibus    dimicarunt.  \ 

Cum    autem    ad    flumina    pervenerunt,    majores    habent  Mos  tranandi          J 

rotundum  ac  leve  corium,  in  cujus  summitate  per  circui-  flumina.                 \ 

I                                           113                                          H  I 


N' 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

turn  ansas  crebras  facientes,  funem  imponunt  ac  stringunt, 
ita  quod  in  circuitu  quasi  ventrem  efficiunt,  quern  vestibus 
ac  rebus  caeteris  replent,  fortissimeque  ad  invicem  compri- 
munt.  In  medio  autem  ponunt  sellas  &  alias  res  duriores: 
ibi  quoque  sedent  homines.  Hujusmodi  navim  ad  equi 
caudam  ligant,  &  hominem,  qui  equum  regat,  pariter  natare 
faciunt,  vel  habent  aliquando  duos  remos,  cum  quibus 
remigant.  Equo  igitur  in  aquam  impulso,  omnes  alii  equi 
sequuntur  ilium,  &  sic  transeunt  fluvium.  Pauperior 
autem  quilibet  unam  bursam  vel  saccum  de  corio  bene 
consutum  habet,  in  quo  res  suas  omnes  imponit,  &  in 
summitate  fortiter  ligatum,  ad  equi  caudam  suspendit,  sic- 
que  modo  praedicto  transit. 

Qualiter  resistendum  sit  eis.      Cap.  18. 

'Ullam  aestimo  provinciam  esse,  quae  per  se  possit  eis 

resistere  :    quia  de  omni  terra  potestatis  suae  solent 

homines  ad  bellum  congregare.     Et  siquidem  vicina  pro- 

vincia  non  vult  eis  opem  ferre,  quam  impugnant,  delentes 

illam,  cum  hominibus,  quos  ex  ilia  capiunt,  contra  aliam 

^°'^h'ir'^        pugnant.     Et  illos  quidem  in  acie  primos  ponunt,  &  si 

Tartaros  niale    pugnant,   ipsos   occidunt.     Itaque   si    Christiani   eis 

gerendo.  resistere  volunt,  oportet  quod  Principes  ac  rectores  terrarum 

in  unum  conveniant,  ac  de  communi  consilio  eis  resistant. 

Habeantque    pugnatores    arcus    fortes    &    balistas,    quas 

multum  timent,  sagittasque  sufficientes,  dolabrum  quoque 

Ferri  tempera-  de  bono  ferro,  vel  securim  cum  manubrio  longo.     Ferra- 

mentum.  menta  vero   sagittarum    more    Tartarorum,   quando    sunt 

calida,  temperare  debent  in  aqua,  cum  sale  mixta,  ut  fortia 

sint    ad    penetrandum    illorum    arma.     Gladios   etiam    & 

lanceas  cum  uncis  habeant,  qui  volunt,  ad  detrahendum 

illos  de  sella,  de  qua  facillime  cadunt.     Habeant  &  galeas 

&  arma  caetera,  ad  protegendum  corpus  &  equum  ab  armis 

&   sagittis  eorum,  &  si  qui  non  ita  sunt  armati,  debent 

more  illorum  post  alios  ire,  &  contra  ipsos  arcubus  vel 

balistis  trajicere.     Et  sicut  dictum  est  supra  de  Tartaris, 

debent  acies  suas  ordinare,  ac  legem  pugnantibus  imponere. 

Quicunque  conversus  fuerit  ad   praedam   ante  victoriam, 

114 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 

maximam  debet  poenam  subire  :  talis  enim  apud  illos 
occiditur  absque  miseratione.  Locus  ad  praelium,  si  fieri 
potest,  eligendus  est  planus,  ut  undique  possint  videre, 
nee  omnes  debent  in  unum  convenire,  sed  acies  multas  & 
divisas,  nee  tamen  nimis  distantes  ab  invicem,  facere. 
Contra  illos,  qui  primo  veniunt,  debent  unam  aciem 
mittere,  &  alia  parata  sit  ad  juvandum  illam  opportuno 
tempore.  Habeant  &  speculatores  ex  omni  parte,  qui 
videant,  quando  veniunt  acies  casterae.  Nam  ideo  semper 
debent  aciem  contra  aciem,  ut  ei  occurrant,  mittere, 
quoniam  illi  semper  nituntur  adversarios  in  medio  con- 
cludere.  Hoc  autem  acies  caveant,  ne  si  etiam  illi  fugere 
videantur,  diu  post  illos  currant,  ne  forte,  sicut  facere 
Solent,  ipsos  ad  paratas  insidias  trahant  :  quia  plus  fraudu- 
lentia  quam  fortitudine  pugnant.  Et  iterum  ne  fatigentur 
equi  eorum  :  quia  nostri  multitudinem  non  habent  equo- 
rum.  Tartari  vero  quos  equitant  die  una,  non  ascendunt 
tribus  diebus,  vel  quatuor  postea.  Prasterea  si  cedunt 
Tartari,  non  ideo  debent  nostri  recedere,  vel  ab  invicem 
separari  :  quoniam  hoc  simulando  faciunt,  ut  exercitus  [I.  46.] 
dividatur,  &  sic  ad  terrae  destructionem  libere  ingrediantur. 
Caeterum  Duces  nostri  die  noctiique  facere  debent  exer- 
citum  custodiri  :  nee  jacere  spoliati,  sed  semper  ad  pugnam 
parati  :  quia  Tartari  quasi  Daemones  semper  vigilant, 
excogitantes  artem  nocendi.  Porro  si  aliqui  Tartarorum 
in  bello  de  suis  equis  projiciuntur,  statim  capiendi  sunt, 
quia  quando  sunt  in  terra  fortiter  sagittant,  &  equos 
hominesque  vulnerant. 

De  itinere  Fratris  Johannis  de  Piano  carpini  usque 
ad  primam  custodiam  Tartarorum.      Cap.  19. 

NOs  igitur  ex  mandato  sedis  Apostolicae  cum  iremus  ad 
Orientis  nationes,  elegimus  prius  ad  Tartaros  profi- 
cisci  :  quia  timebamus,  ne  per  illos  in  proximo  Ecclesias 
Dei  periculum  immineret.  Itaque  pergentes,  ad  regem 
Boemorum  pervenimus  :  qui  cum  esset  nobis  familiaris,  •^^^^^-  ^ 
consuluit,  ut  per  Poloniam  &  Russiam  iter  ageremus.  ^^^^^f^  ^^^' 
Habebat  enim  consanguineos  in  Polonia,  quorum  auxilio 

115 


Itmerarium 


A.D. 
1246. 


Boles  la  US  Dux 
Silesice. 


*  Mazovia- 


*  Gj-'tmislaun, 
tit  Mechovlus 
lib,  I.  cap.  9. 


Liter <£  Papa- 
ad  Russos. 


Daniel,  frater 
Basilii. 


Lituani. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

Russiam  intrare  possemus.  Datisque  Uteris  &  bono  con- 
ductu,  fecit  &  expensas  nobis  dari  per  curias  &  civitates 
ejus,  quo  usque  ad  Ducem  Slesiae  Bolezlaum,  nepotem 
ejus,  veniremus,  qui  etiam  erat  nobis  familiaris  &  notus* 
Hinc  &  ipse  nobis  similiter  fecit,  donee  veniremus  ad 
Conradum,  Ducem  *  Lautisciae,  ad  quem  tunc,  Dei  gratia 
nobis  favente,  venerat  Dominus  Wasilico,  Dux  Russiae,  a 
quo  etiam  plenius  de  facto  audivimus  Tartarorum  :  quia 
nuncios  illuc  miserat,  qui  jam  redierant  ad  ipsum.  Audito 
autem,  quod  oporteret  nos  illis  munera  dare,  quasdam 
pelles  castorum  &  aliorum  animalium  fecimus  emi,  de  hoc, 
quod  datum  nobis  fuerat  in  eleemosynam  ad  subsidium 
viae.  Quod  agnoscentes  Dux  Conradus  &  *  Ducissa 
Cracoviae,  &  Episcopus  &  quidam  milites,  plures  etiam 
nobis  dederunt  hujusmodi  pelles,  Denique  Dux  Wasilico 
a  Duce  Cracoviae,  &  Episcopo  atque  Baronibus  pro  nobis 
attente  rogatus,  secum  nos  in  terram  suam  duxit,  &  ut 
aliquantulum  quiesceremus,  aliquot  diebus  nos  in  expensis 
suis  detinuit.  Et  cum  rogatus  a  nobis,  fecisset  Episcopos 
suos  venire,  legimus  eis  literas  Domini  Papae,  monentis 
eos,  ad  sanctae  matris  Ecclesiae  unitatem  redire.  Ad  idem 
quoque  nos  ipsi  monuimus  eos,  &  induximus,  quantum 
potuimus,  tam  Ducem  quam  Episcopos  &  alios.  Sed  quia 
Dux  Daniel,  frater  Wasiliconis  praedicti,  praesens  non  erat, 
quoniam  ad  Baty  profectus  erat,  non  potuerunt  eo  tempore 
finaliter  respondere.  Post  hasc  Dux  Wasilico  transmisit 
nos  usque  in  Kioviam  metropolin  Russiae,  cum  serviente 
uno.  Ibamus  tamen  in  periculo  capitis  semper  propter 
Lituanos,  qui  saepe  faciebant  insultum  super  terram  Russiae, 
&  in  illis  maxime  locis,  per  quos  debebamus  transire.  At 
per  praedictum  servientem  eramus  securi  a  Ruthenis, 
quorum  etiam  maxima  pars  occisa  vel  captivata  erat  a 
Tartaris.  Porro  in  Danilone  usque  ad  mortem  tunc 
infirmati  fuimus.  Nihilominus  tamen  in  vehiculo  per 
nivem  &  frigus  magnum  trahi  nos  fecimus.  Cum  ergo 
Kioviam  pervenimus,  habuimus  de  via  nostra  consilium 
cum  millenario  ac  caeteris  ibidem  nobilibus.  Qui  respond- 
erunt   nobis,   quod  si   duceremus  equos   illos,   quos   tunc 

116 


A.D. 

1246. 

Pabulum  equo- 
rum  Tartaric. 


Micheas 
xd-yKaKos. 


JOHN    DE    PLANO    CARPINI 

habebamuSj  ad  Tartaros,  cum  essent  magnas  nives,  morer- 
entur  omnes  :  quia  nescirent  herbam  fodere  sub  nive, 
sicut  equi  faciunt  Tartarorum,  nee  inveniri  posset  aliquod 
pro  els  ad  manducandum,  cum  Tartan  nee  stramina  nee 
foenum  habeant,  nee  pabulum.  Itaque  decrevimus  eos 
illie  dimittere  cum  duobus  pueris,  deputatis  eorum  cus- 
todiae.  Ideoque  nos  oportuit  millenarlo  dare  munera,  ut 
ipsum  haberemus  propitium,  ad  dandum  nobis  equos  sub- 
ductitios  &  conductum.  Secundo  igitur  die  post  festum 
Purificationis  cepto  itinere,  venimus  ad  villam  Canovas, 
quae  sub  Tartaris  erat  immediate.  Cujus  pr^fectus  nobis 
dedit  equos  &  conductum  usque  ad  aliam,  in  qua  reperimus 
prasfectum  Micheam,  omni  malitia  plenum.  Qui  tamen 
acceptis  a  nobis  muneribus  secundum  velle  suum,  duxit 
nos  usque  ad  primam  custodiam  Tartarorum. 

Qualiter  primo  cum  sociis  suis  receptus  est  a 
Tartaris.      Cap.  20. 

CUm  ergo  in  prima  sexta  feria  post  diem  cinerum,  Sole 
ad  occasum  tendente,  hospitaremur.  Tartari  super 
nos  armati  horribiliter  irruerunt,  quasrentes  cujusmodi 
homines  essemus  :  cumque  respondissemus,  quod  Domini 
Paps  nuncii  essemus,  quibusdam  cibariis  a  nobis  acceptis, 
continue  discesserunt.  Porro  mane  facto,  cum  surgentes 
aliquantulum  processissemus,  majores  illorum,  qui  erant  in 
custodia,  nobis  occurrerunt,  interrogantes,  cur  ad  eos 
veniremus  ?  &  quid  negotii  haberemus  ?  Quibus  respondi- 
mus,  Domini  Papas  nuncii  sumus,  qui  Christianorum  pater  ^^/^  Chr'uti- 
est  ac  Dominus.     Hie  nos  idcirco  tam  ad  Reg^em  quam  ad  ^-f^^^^  M^^' 

T^  .      .  rj^  ..  -i-xj^  Donnnus. 

rrmcipes,  omnesque   lartaros,  mittit,  quia  placet  ei,  quod 
omnes  Christiani  Tartarorum  sint  amici,  &  pacem  habeant 
cum  ipsis.     Desiderat  insuper,  ut  apud  Deum  in  coelo  sint  Legationis 
magni,  &  idcirco  monet  eos  tam  per  nos  quam  per  literas  ^^^^^^^' 
suas,  ut  efficiantur  Christiani,  fidemque  recipiant  Domini  '^  " 
nostri  Jesu  Christi,  quia  non  possunt  aliter  salvari.     Man- 
dat  praeterea,  quod  miratur  de  tanta  occisione  hominum,  & 
maxime  Christianorum,  ac  potissime  Hungarorum,  Mon- 
tanorum,  &  Polonorum,  qui   sunt  ei    subjecti,   facta   per 

117 


A.D. 
1246. 


Correiisa, 


Dux  limitis 
occidentdis. 


Mos  salutandl 

Tartaricos 

proceies. 


THE    ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

Tartaros,  cum  in  nullo  laesissent,  aut  l^dere  attentassent 
eos.  Et  quia  Dominus  Deus  graviter  est  super  hoc 
ofFensus,  monet  eos,  ut  a  talibus  de  castero  caveant,  &  de 
commissis  poenitentiam  agant.  Super  his  etiam  rogat,  ut 
ei  rescribant,  quid  facere  velint  de  csetero,  &  quas  sit  eorum 
intentio.  Quibus  auditis,  &  intellectis,  dixerunt  Tartari, 
se  velle  equos  nobis  subductitios  usque  ad  Corrensam  & 
ducatum  prasbere.  Statimque  munera  petierunt,  &  a  nobis 
acceperunt.  Equis  igitur  acceptis,  de  quibus  descenderant 
ipsi,  cum  eorum  ducatu  ad  Corrensam  arripuimus  iter 
eundi.  Ipsi  tamen  velociter  equitantes,  nuncium  unum 
prasmiserunt  ad  pr^fatum  Ducem  cum  his  verbis,  quse 
dixeramus  eisdem.  Est  autem  Dux  iste  Dominus 
omnium,  qui  positi  sunt  in  custodia  contra  omnes  Occi- 
dentis  populos,  ne  forte  subito  &  improvise  irruant  ahqui 
super  illos.  Et  iste  dicitur  habere  sexaginta  milHa  homi- 
num  armatorum  sub  se. 

Qualiter  recepti  sunt  apud  Corrensam. 
Cap.   21. 

CUm  ergo  pervenissemus  ad  ejus  curiam,  fecit  nobis 
longe  a  se  poni  stationem,  &  misit  ad  nos  pro- 
curatores  suos,  ut  quaererent  a  nobis,  cum  quo  ei 
vellemus  inchnare,  id  est,  quae  ei  munera  incHnando 
vellemus  ofFerre.  Quibus  respondimus,  quod  Dominus 
Papa  non  mittebat  aliqua  munera  ;  quia  non  erat  certus, 
quod  ad  illos  pervenire  possemus,  &  insuper  veneramus 
per  loca  valde  periculosa.  Veruntamen  in  quantum  de 
his,  quae  habebamus  ex  gratia  Dei  &  Domini  Papae  ad 
victum  nostrum,  sicut  poterimus,  honorabimus  ipsum. 
Acceptisque  muneribus  duxerunt  nos  ad  ordam  sive  ten- 
torium ipsius,  &  instructi  fuimus,  ut  ante  ostium  stationis 
ter  cum  sinistro  genu  inclinaremus,  &  caveremus  attente, 
ne  pedem  super  limen  ostii  poneremus.  Et  postquam  in- 
travimus,  oportuit  nos  coram  Duce  omnibusque  majoribus, 
qui  ad  hoc  erant  vocati,  dicere  flexis  genibus  ea,  quae 
dixeramus  superius.  Literas  etiam  Dom.  Papae  obtulimus  : 
sed  interpres,  quem  de  Kyovia,  dato  pretio,  duxeramus,  non 

118 


Rha, 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 

erat  sufficiens  ad  interpretandum,  nee  aliquis  alius  habebatur 
idoneus.      Hinc  equi  nobis  dati  sunt,  &  tres  Tartari,  qui 
nos  ducerent  festinanter  ad  ducem  Bathy.     Ipse  est  apud  Bath^^  ejhque 
eos  potentior  excepto  Imperatore,  cui  tenentur  prae  cunctis  po^^^f^^- 
principibus  obedire.     Itaque  iter  arripuimus  secunda  feria 
post  primam  dominicam  ||  xl.  &  equitando,  quantum  equi  li  Quadra- 
trotare  poterant,  quoniam  habebamus  equos  recentes  fere  S^^^^"^- 
ter  aut  quater  omni  die,  properabamus  de  mane  usque  ad 
noctem,   imo  etiam   de  nocte  saepissime,  nee  tamen  ante 
quartam  feriam  majoris  hebdomadae  potuimus  ad  ipsum 
pervenire.     Ibamus  autem  per  terram  Comanorum,  quas   Comanla. 
tota  est  plana,  &  flumina  quatuor  habet  magna.     Primum 
appellatur  *  Neper,  juxta  quod  ex  parte  Russias  ambulabat  *  Feteiibus 
Correnza  &   Montii,   qui   major   est   illo   ex  altera  parte  Borysthe?ies. 
per  campestria.     Secundum  appellatur  *  Don,  super  quod  *  Tanais. 
ambulat    quidam   Princeps,   habens  in   conjugio   sororem 
Baty,  qui  vocatur  Tirbon.  Tertium  dicitur  *  Volga,  quod 
est  magnum  valde,  super  quod  incedit  Bathy.     Quartum 
nominatur    *  laec,    super    quod    duo    millenarii    vadunt,  "^  Rh^mnus, 
unus  ex  parte  fluminis  una,  &  alter  ex  altera.     Hi  omnes 
in  hyeme  ad  mare  descendunt,  &  in   aestate  super  ripam 
eorundem    fluminum    ad    montes    ascendunt.     Hoc    est  Po^t^/ 
mare    magnum,    de    quo    brachium    sancti    Georgii    exit,  ^^^^^^^• 
quod    in    Constantinopolin    vadit.     Haec  autem    flumina 
sunt  piscibus  valde  plena,  maxime  Volga,  intrantque  mare  ^olga  yion 
Graecias,    quod    dicitur    Magnum    mare.       Super    Nepre  ^'^^^'^^^ 
autem  multis  diebus  ivimus  per  glaciem.     Super  littora 
quoque  maris  Graecias  satis  periculose  per  glaciem  ivimus  in 
pluribus  locis  multis  diebus.    Congelantur  enim  circa  littora 
undae  ad  tres  leucas  inferius.    Prius  autem  quam  ad  Bathy 
perveniremus,  duo  ex  nostris  Tartaris  praecesserunt,  ad  in- 
dicandum  ei  omnia  verba,  quae  apud  Corrensam  dixeramus. 

Qualiter  recepti  sunt  apud  Bathy  magnum 
Principem.      Cap.    22. 

POrro    cum    in    finibus    terrae    Comanorum    ad    Bathy  ^ 
,  .  .     -  .  ,  '     Leremonia 

perveniremus,  bene  positi   ruimus   per  unam  leucam  p^j.  ^^^^  jg^^^ 

a   stationibus  ejus.     Cumque   duci   debuimus  ad  curiam  transeundi. 

119 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

ipsius,  dictum  fuit  nobis,  quod  inter  quos  ignes  transire 
deberemus.  Nos  autem  hoc  nulla  ratione  facere  volebamus. 
At  illi  dixerunt  nobis  :  Ite  secure,  quia  pro  nulla  causa 
volumus  hoc  facere,  nisi  tantum,  ut  si  vos  aliquid  malum 
cogitatis  Domino  nostro,  vel  portatis  venenum,  ignis 
auferat  omne  malum.  Quibus  respondimus  :  quod 
propter  hoc,  ne  de  tali  re  suspectos  redderemus  nos, 
transiremus.  Cum  igitur  ad  Ordam  pervenissemus, 
EUegay.  interrogati  a  procuratore  ipsius  Eldegay,  cum  quo  inclinare 

vellemus  ?  idem  quod  prius  apud  Corrensam  respondimus, 
[I.  48.]  datisque    muneribus    &    acceptis,    auditis    etiam    itineris 

causis,    introduxerunt    nos   in   stationem   Principis,    prius 
facta  inclinatione,  &  audita  de  limine  non  calcando,  sicut 
Bathy  audit     prius,  admonitione.      Ingressi  autem  flexis  genibus,  verba 
legatos.  nostra  proposuimus,  deinde  literas  obtulimus,  &  ut  nobis 

darentur  interpretes  ad  transferendum  eas,  rogavimus. 
Qui  etiam  in  die  Parasceve  dati  fuerunt  nobis,  &  eas 
in  litera  Ruthenica,  Sarracenica  &  in  Tartarica  diligenter 
cum  ipsis  transtulimus.  Haec  interpretatio  Bathy 
praesentata  fuit  :  quam  &  legit,  &  attente  notavit. 
Tandem  ad  nostram  stationem  reducti  fuimus,  sed  nulla 
cibaria  nobis  dederunt,  nisi  semel  aliquantulum  millii  in 
una  scutella,  scilicet  in  prima  nocte  quando  venimus. 
Gerit  se  regi-  |ste  Bathy  magnifice  se  gerit,  habens  ostiarios  &  omnes 
■^^^'  officiales    ad   modum    Imperatoris,   &   sedet   in   eminenti 

loco  velut  in  throno  cum  una  de  uxoribus  suis.  Alii 
vero  tam  fratres  sui  &  filii,  quam  alii  majores  inferius 
sedent  in  medio  super  bancum,  &  homines  caeteri  post  eos 
in  terra  deorsum,  sed  viri  a  dextris,  &  fceminae  a  sinistris. 
Tentoria  quoque  de  panno  lineo  habet  pulchra  &  magna 
satis,  quae  fuerunt  Hungariae  regis.  Nee  aliquis  ad  ejus 
tentorium  audet  accedere  praeter  familiam,  nisi  vocatus, 
quantumcunque  sit  potens  &  magnus,  nisi  forte  sciatur, 
quod  sit  voluntas  ipsius.  Nos  etiam  dicta  causa  sedimus 
a  sinistris  :  Sic  etenim  &  omnes  nuncii  faciunt  in 
eundo  :  sed  in  redeundo  ab  Imperatore,  semper  ponebamur 
a  dextris.  In  medio  ponitur  mensa  ejus  prope  ostium 
stationis,     super    quam    apponitur    potus    in    aureis    & 

120 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI 


A.D. 

1246. 

Ejusdem 
blbendi  ad 
Symphonia- 
cantum  mos. 


argenteis  vasis.  Nee  unquam  bibit  Bathy,  vel  allquis 
Tartarorum  Princeps,  maxime  quando  in  publico  sunt, 
nisi  cantetur  ei  vel  cytharizetur.  Et  cum  equitat,  semper 
portatur  solinum,  vel  tentoriolum  super  caput  ejus  in  hasta. 
Sicque  faciunt  cuncti  majores  Principes  Tartarorum,  & 
etiam  uxores  eorum.  Idem  vero  Bathy  satis  est  hominibus  Authoriuzs. 
suis  benignus,  valde  tamen  ab  eis  timetur,  &  in  pugna  est 
crudelissimus,  sagax  est  multum  &  astutissimus  in  bello  : 
quia  jam  pugnavit  tempore  longo. 

Qualiter  recedentes  a  Bathy  per  terram  Comanorum 
&  Kangittarum  transierunt.      Cap.  23. 

IN  die  porro  Sabbathi  sancti  ad  stationem  fuimus  vocati,  Legati 
&  exivit  ad  nos  procurator  Bathy  praedictus,  dicens  J^^^^i^-''  ^^ 
ex  parte  ipsius,  quod  ad  Imperatorem  Cuyne  in  terram  .  ^J^^^  .  ^^^~ 
ipsorum  iremus,  retentis  quibusdam  ex  nostris  sub  hac 
specie,  quod  vellent  eos  remittere  ad  Dominum  Papam, 
quibus  &  literas  dedimus  de  omnibus  factis  nostris,  quas 
deferrent  eidem.  Sed  cum  rediissent  usque  ad  Montii 
Ducem  supradictum,  ibi  retenti  fuerunt  usque  ad  reditum 
nostrum.  Nos  autem  in  die  Paschae  officio  dicto,  &  facta 
comestione  qualicunque  cum  duobus  Tartaris,  qui  nobis 
apud  Corrensam  fuerant  assignati,  cum  multis  lacrymis 
recessimus,  nescientes  utrum  ad  mortem  vel  vitam 
pergeremus.  Eramus  tamen  ita  infirmi  corpore,  quod  vix 
poteramus  equitare.  In  tota  siquidem  ilia  quadragesima 
fuerat  cibus  noster  millium  cum  aqua  &  sale  tantum,  &  in 
aliis  similiter  diebus  jejuniorum.  Nee  habebamus  aliquid 
ad  bibendum  praeter  nivem  in  caldario  liquefactam.  Ibamus 
autem  per  Comaniam  equitando  fortissime,  quoniam 
habebamus  equos  recentes  quinquies  aut  pluries  in  die, 
nisi  quando  per  deserta  ibamus,  &  tunc  equos  meliores 
atque  fortiores,  qui  possent  continuum  sustinere  laborem, 
accipiebamus.  Et  hoc  ab  ineunte  quadragesima  usque  ad 
octo  dies  post  Pascha.  Haec  terra  Comania  ab  Aquilone  Comaniam  de- 
immediate  post  Russiam  habet  Morduynos  Byleros,  id  scriptio. 
est,  magnam  Bulgariam,  Bastarcos,  id  est,  magnam 
Hungariam,  post  Bastarcos,  Parositas  &  Samogetas.     Post 


A.D. 

1246. 

Oceaniu  sep- 
tentrionalis. 


Terra 
Kangittarum 


JeroslauSy 
Dux  Russia", 


[I-  49-] 


Terra  Biser 
minorum. 


Altisoldanus. 

Monies 
maximi. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

Samogetas,  illos,  qui  dicuntur  habere  faciem  caninam  in 
Oceani  littoribus  desertis.  A  meridie  habet  Alanos, 
Circassos,  Gazaros,  Graeciam  &  Constantinopolin,  ac 
terram  Iberorum,  Cathos,  Brutachios,  qui  dicuntur  esse 
Judaei,  caput  radentes  per  totum,  terram  quoque  Cithorum 
atque  Georgianorum  &  Armeniorum  &  Turcorum.  Ab 
occidente  autem  Hungarian!  habet  atque  Russiam.  Et 
est  Comania  terra  maxima  &  longa.  Cujus  populos, 
scilicet  Comanos,  Tartari  occiderunt,  quidam  tamen  a  facie 
eorum  fugerunt,  &  quidam  in  eorum  servitutem  redacti 
sunt.  Plurimi  autem  ex  eis,  qui  fugerunt,  ad  ipsos 
redierunt.  Post  haec  intravimus  terram  Kangittarum,  quae 
magnam  habet  in  plurimis  locis  penuriam  aquarum,  in 
qua  etiam  homines  pauci  morantur  propter  aquae  de- 
fectum. Unde  homines  Jeroslai,  Ducis  Russiae,  cum  ad 
ipsum  in  terram  Tartarorum  perrexerunt,  plures  eorum  in 
illo  deserto  prae  siti  mortui  sunt.  In  hac  etiam  terra  & 
in  Comania  multa  invenimus  capita  &  ossa  mortuorum 
hominum,  super  terram  jacentia  tanquam  sterquihnium. 
Per  hanc  itaque  terram  ivimus  ab  octo  diebus  post  Pascha 
fere  usque  ad  Ascensionem  Dominicam.  Huj  usque 
habitatores  Pagani  erant,  &  tam  ipsi  quam  Comani  non 
laborabant,  sed  tantum  de  animahbus  vivebant,  nee  domos 
aedificabant,  sed  in  tabernacuHs  habitabant.  Istos  etiam 
Tartari  deleverunt,  &  habitabant  in  terris  eorum,  iUique 
qui  remanserunt,  redacti  sunt  in  servitutem  ipsorum. 

Qualiter  ad  primam  Imperatoris  futuri  curiam 
devenerunt.      Cap.   24. 

POrro  de  terra  Kangittarum  intravimus  terram  Biser- 
minorum,  qui  loquuntur  lingua  Comanica,  sed 
legem  tenent  Sarracenorum.  In  hac  etiam  terra  in- 
venimus urbes  innumeras  cum  castris  dirutas,  villasque 
multas  desertas.  Huj  us  Dominus  dicebatur  Altisoldanus, 
qui  cum  tota  sua  progenie  a  Tartaris  est  destructus. 
Habet  autem  haec  terra  montes  maximos.  Et  a  meridie 
quidem  habet  Hierusalem  &  Baldach,  totamque 
Sarracenorum  terram.     Atque  in  finibus   illis  propinquis 

122 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 
morantur  duo  fratres  carnales,  Tartarorum  Duces,  scilicet 
Burin  &  Cadan,  filii  Thiaday,  qui  fuit  filius  Chingischam.  Bu?in. 
Ab  Aquilone  vero  terram  habet  nigrorum  Kythaorum  &  Cadan. 
Oceanum.     In    ilia    vero    moratur    Syban,    frater    Bathy.   ^^^^^^^ '^^ 
rer  nanc  ivimus  a  resto  Ascensionis  dominicae  rere  usque  ^-^ban,  frater 
ad  viii.  dies  ante  festum  sanct.  Johan.  Baptistae.     Deinde  Bathy. 
ingressi    sumus    terram    nigrorum     Kythaorum,    in     qua  ^^^^^'^ 
Imperator  aediiicavit  domum,  ubi  etiam  vocati  fuimus  ad  ^^^^^y^^- 
bibendum.     Et  ille,  qui  erat  ibidem  ex  parte  imperatoris, 
fecit  majores  civitatis,  &  etiam  duos  filios  ejus,  plaudere 
coram    nobis.      Hinc  exeuntes,  quoddam    mare    parvum  Mareparvum. 
invenimus,  in   cujus  littore  quidam  existit  mons  parvus. 
In  quo  scilicet  monte  quoddam  foramen  esse  dicitur,  unde 
in    hyeme    tam   maximae    tempestates    ventorum    exeunt, 
quod  homines  inde  vix  &  cum   magno  periculo  transire 
possunt.     In   asstate  vero    semper   quidem   ibi  ventorum 
sonitus  auditur,  sed  de  foramine  tenuiter  egreditur.     Per 
hujus   maris    littora    plurimis    diebus    perreximus,    quod  ^^^^' 


nmis 


quidem    licet    non    multum    sit    magnum,  plures   insulas  ^^^^j^^^- , 

habet,  &  illud  in  sinistris  dimisimus.     In  terra  vero  ilia 

habitat  Ordu,  quem   omnium   Ducum   Tartarorum  anti-  Ordu.cap.i^. 

quiorem    diximus,   &   est  orda,  sive    curia   patris    ipsius, 

quam    inhabitat,   &   regis   una    de    uxoribus    ejus.      Con- 

suetudo    enim    est    apud    Tartaros,   quod    principum     & 

majorum    curiae    non     delentur,    sed    semper    ordinantur 

aliquas    mulieres,    quae    illas    regant,    eisque     donariorum 

partes,  sicut  Dominis   earum   dari  solebant,  dantur.      Sic 

tandem   ad   primam   Imperatoris  curiam  venimus,  in  qua  Prima  curia 

erat  una  de  uxoribus  ipsius.  Imperatoris. 

Qualiter  ad  ipsum   Cuyne,  Imperatorem  futurum 
pervenerunt.      Cap.   25. 

AT  vero  quia  nondum  Imperatorem  videramus,  nol- 
uerunt  vocare  nos,  nee  intromittere  ad  Ordam  ipsius, 
sed  nobis  in  tentorio  nostro  secundum  morem  Tartarorum 
valde  bene  serviri  fecerunt,  &  ut  quiesceremus,  nos 
ibidem  per  unam  diem  tenuerunt.  Inde  procedentes  in  jy  . 
vigilia   sanctorum   Petri    &    Pauli,   terram    Naymanorum  Naymanorum. 

123 


AD.  THE    ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

intravimus,  qui  sunt  Pagani.  In  ipsa  vero  die  Aposto- 
lorum  ibidem  cecidit  magna  nix,  &  habuimus  magnum 
frigus.  Hasc  quidem  terra  montuosa  &  frigida  est  supra 
modum,  ibique  de  planicie  reperitur  modicum.  Istas 
quoque  duas  nationes  praedictse  non  laborabant,  sed  sicut 
&  Tartari  in  tentoriis  habitabant,  quas  &  ipsi  deleverant, 
per  hanc  etiam  multis  diebus  perreximus.     Deinde  terram 

Tartaria.  Mongalorum  intravimus,  quos  Tartaros  appellamus.  Per 
has  itaque  terras,  ut  credimus,  tribus  septimanis  equitando 

Juin  22.  fortiter  ivimus,  &   in    die   Beatae   Mariae  Magdalenas    ad 

cceeiaum      Cuyne  Imperatorem  electum  pervenimus.     Ideo  autem  per 
legatorum  iter.  •'  X        .  1  i  v     r      •         •  • 

omnem  viam  istam  valde   restmavimus,  quia  prasceptum 

erat  Tartaris   nostris,  ut   cito   nos  deducerent  ad  curiam 

solennem,  jam  ex  annis  pluribus  indictam,  propter  ipsius 

Imperatoris    electionem.       Idcirco    de    mane    surgentes, 

ibamus  usque  ad  noctem  sine  comestione,  &  saepius  tarn 

tarde  veniebamus,  quod  non   comedebamus    in   sero,  sed 

quod  manducare  debebamus  in  vespere,  dabatur  nobis  in 

mane.      Mutatisque  frequentius   equis,  nullatenus   parce- 

batur  eis,  sed  equitabamus  velociter  ac  sine  intermissione, 

quantum  poterant  equi  trotare. 

Qualiter  Cuyne  Fratres  Minores  suscepit. 
Cap.    26. 

Cuyne  in  lega-  /^Um    autem   pervenimus    ad    Cuyne,  fecit   nobis   dari 

ios  benignitas.    v>4  tentorium   &   expensas,  quales  Tartaris  dare    solent, 

nobis  tamen    melius    quam    aliis    nunciis    faciebant.     Ad 

ipsum  autem  vocati  non  fuimus,  eo  quod  nondum  electus 

erat,  nee  adhuc  de  imperio  se  intromittebat.     Interpretatio 

tamen  literarum  Domini  Papae,  ac  verba  etiam  a   nobis 

dicta,    a    prasdicto   Baty  erant    ei    mandata.       Cum    ergo 

stetissemus  ibi  per  quinque  vel  sex  dies,  ad  matrem  suam 

nos  transmisit,  ubi  adunabatur   curia   solennis.     Et   cum 

Tentorium        venissemus  illuc,  tam  extensum  erat  tentorium  magnum, 

return.  ^^  ^^i  purpura  pra^paratum,  eratque   tam  grande  nostro 

judicio,  quod  plusquam  duo  millia  hominum  poterant  esse 

sub   illo.      Et  in  circuitu  factum  erat  ligneum  tabulatum 

variis  imaginibus  depictum.     Illuc  ergo  perreximus  cum 

124 


JOHN    DE    PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1240. 

Tartaris,   nobis    ad    custodiam    assignatis,  ibique  conven- 
erant  omnes  duces,  &  unusquisque  cum   hominibus  suis  Comitia. 
equitabat  in   circuitu   per  planiciem  &  colles.      In  prima  [I.  50.] 
die  vestiti   sunt   omnes   purpuris    albis,  in    secunda  vero 
rubeis.     Et  tunc  venit  Cuyne  ad  tentorium  illud.     Porro 
tertia  die  fuerunt  omnes  in  blaueis  purpuris,  &  quarta  in 
optimis  Baldakinis.     In  illo  autem  tabulato  juxta  tentorium 
erant  dua^  majores  portae,  per  quarum  unam  solus  Impera- 
tor    debebat    intrare,   &    ad    illam     nulla    erat    custodia, 
quamvis  esset  aperta,  quia  per  illam  nullus  audebat  ingredi 
vel  exire :  per  aliam  omnes,  qui  admittebantur,  intrabant, 
&  ad  illam  custodes  cum  gladiis  &  arcubus   &   sagittis 
erant.     Itaque  si  quis  tentorio  propinquabat  ultra  terminos, 
qui   positi   erant,  si   capiebatur,  verberabatur,  si   fugiebat, 
sagitta  sive  ferro  sagittabatur.      Multique  ibi  erant,  qui  in 
fraenis,    pectoralibus,  sellis   &   hujusmodi,  judicio   nostro, 
auri   circiter   viginti    marcas    habebant.      Sic   Duces   infra 
tentorium    colloquebantur,    &    de     Imperatoris    electione 
tractabant,  ut  a   nobis  creditur.      Alius  autem   universus 
populus   longe    extra   tabulatum  collocabatur,   &    ita  fere 
usque  ad   meridiem    morabantur.      Tunc   incipiebant    lac 
jumentinum  bibere,  &  usque  ad  vesperas  tantum  bibebant, 
quod  erat  visu  mirabile.     Nos  autem  vocaverunt  interius,  Symposium 
&  dederunt  nobis  cerevisiam  :    quia  jumentinum  lac  non  P^<^'^'^''"^'- 
bibebamus.      Et  hoc   quidem   nobis  pro  magno  fecerunt 
honore :   sed  tamen  nos  compellebant  ad  bibendum,  quod 
nullatenus    poteramus    propter    consuetudinem   sustinere. 
Unde  ostendimus  eis,  hoc  esse  nobis  grave,  ideoque  nos 
cessaverunt  compellere.     Foris  autem  erat  Dux  Jeroslaus  Jeroslaus  Dux 
de  Susdal  Russiae,  pluresque  Duces  Kythaorum  &  Solan-  ^^^^'^• 
gorum.      Duo  quoque  filii  regis  Georgiae,  nuncius  etiam  dwersmum 
Caliphi  de  Baldach,  qui  erat  Soldanus,  &  plus  quam  decern  nationum. 
alii  Soldani  Sarracenorum,  ut  credimus.     Et  sicut  nobis  a 
procuratoribus  dicebatur,  erant  ibi  nunciorum  plus  quam 
quatuor  millia,  inter  illos,  qui  tributa  portabant,  &  illos, 
qui  deterebant  munera,  &  Soldanos  ac  Duces  alios,  qui  ad 
tradendum    seipsos    veniebant,   &    illos,  pro    quibus    ipsi 
miserant,  illosque,  qui  terrarum  praefecti  erant.     Hi  omnes 

125 


A.D. 

1246. 


Imperil  Cuy- 
na  pj-'imitia: . 


Syra  orda. 


Aurea  orda. 


Augiisti  15. 


Preces 
soknnes. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

simul  extra  tabulatum  ponebantur,  eisque  simul  bibere 
prsebebatur.  Nobis  autem  &  Duci  Jerozlao  fere  semper 
ab  eis  dabatur  superior  locus,  quando  cum  eis  eramus 
exterius. 

Qualiter  in  imperium  sublimatus  fuit.      Cap.  27. 

ET  quidem,  si  bene  meminimus,  ibidem  per  septimanas 
circiter  quatuor  fuimus.  Credim usque,  quod  ibi  fuit 
electio  celebrata,  non  tamen  ibidem  fuit  publicata.  Prop- 
ter hoc  autem  id  maxime  credebatur,  quia  semper, 
quando  Cuyne  tentorio  exibat,  eidem  cantabatur,  &  cum 
virgis  speciosisj  in  summitate  lanam  coccineam  habentibus, 
inclinabatur,  quod  alteri  Ducum  nulli  fiebat,  quousque 
exterius  morabatur.  Hasc  autem  statio  sive  Curia  nomi- 
natur  ab  eis  Syra  orda.  Hinc  exeuntes,  unanimiter  omnes 
equitavimus  per  tres  aut  quatuor  leucas  ad  alium  locum, 
ubi  erat  in  quadam  pulchra  planicie  juxta  rivum  inter 
montes  aliud  tentorium,  quod  apud  ipsos  appellatur  Orda 
aurea,  praeparatum.  Ibi  enim  Cuyne  debebat  poni  in  sede 
in  die  Assumptionis  Dominae  nostrae.  Sed  propter 
grandinem  nimiam,  quae  tunc,  ut  supra  dictum  est,  cecidit, 
res  dilata  fuit.  Eratque  tentorium  in  columnis  positum, 
quae  laminis  aureis  erant  tectae,  &  clavis  aureis  cum  aliis 
lignis  fixae.  Porro  de  Baldakino  erat  tectum  superius,  sed 
alii  erant  panni  exterius.  Fuimus  autem  ibi  usque  ad 
festum  Beati  Bartholomaei,  in  quo  maxima  multitudo 
convenit,  &  contra  meridiem  versis  vultibus  stetit.  Et 
quidam  ad  jactum  lapidis  longe  a  caeteris  erant,  semperque 
orationes  faciendo,  ac  genua  flectendo,  contra  meridiem 
longius,  &  longius  procedebant.  Nos  autem  utrum  in- 
cantationes  facerent,  aut  genua  Deo  vel  alteri  flecterent, 
nescientes,  nolebamus  facere  genu  flexiones.  Cumque 
diu  ita  fecissent,  ad  tentorium  reversi  sunt,  &  Cuyne  in 
sede  imperiali  posuerunt,  Ducesque  coram  eo  genua 
flexerunt.  Post  hoc  idem  fecit  universus  populus, 
exceptis  nobis,  qui  eis  subditi  non  eramus. 


126 


H 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  a.d. 

1246. 

De  «tate  ac  moribus  ac  sigillo  ipsius.     Cap.   28. 

Ic  autem  Imperator  quando  sublimatus  est  in  regnum,  Cuynde  a-fas 
videbatur  esse  circlter  xl.  vel  xlv.  annorum.     Medio-   ^  mores. 
cris  erat  staturae,  prudens  valde,  nimis  astutus  multumque 
seriosus,    &  gravis    in    moribus.     Nee    unquam    videbat 
eum  homo  de  facili  ridere,  vel  aliquam  levitatem  facere, 
sicut  dicebant  Christiani,  qui  cum   ipso   morabantur  con- 
tinue.    Dicebant  etiam  nobis  asserendo  firmiter  Christiani, 
qui  erant  de  familia  ejus,  quod  deberet  fieri  Christianus. 
Cujus  signum  erat,  quod  ipse  Clericos  Christianos  tenebat,  ^ttidmrn 
&  expensas  eis  dabat.     Habebat  etiam  semper  capellam       nstiamsmi. 
Christianorum  ante  majus  tentorium   suum,  ubi  cantant 
Clerici   publice   &  aperte,  ac  pulsant  ad  horas,  ut  casteri 
Christiani  secundum  mores  Graecorum,  quantacunque  sit 
ibi   multitudo  Tartarorum,  vel  etiam  aliorum  hominum. 
Hoc  tamen  non  faciunt  alii  Duces  ipsorum.     Est  autem  Majestas. 
mos  Imperatoris  ipsius,  ut  nunquam  ore  proprio  loquatur 
cum  extraneo,  quantumcunque   magnus  sit,  sed  audit  &  [I.  51.] 
respondet   per   interpositam   personam,  &   quandocunque 
negotium  proponunt,  vel  Imperatoris  responsionem  audi- 
unt   illi,  qui   sub   eo   sunt,   quantumcunque   sint    magni, 
flexis  genibus  usque  ad  finem  verborum  persistunt.     Nee 
alicui  de  consuetudine  super  aliquo  negotio  loqui  licitum 
est,  postquam  ab  Imperatore  definitum  est.     Habet  autem 
Imperator  praedictus  procuratorem  &  protonotarios,  atque 
scriptores,   omnesque    officiales    in    negotiis    tam   publicis 
quam  privatis,  exceptis  Advocatis.     Nam  sine  litium  vel  Potestns^ 
judiciorum  strepitu  secundum  arbitrium  Imperatoris  omnia  ^^^^^  '^' 
fiunt.     Alii  quoque  Principes  Tartarorum  de  his,  quas  ad 
illos  pertinent,  idem  faciunt.      Hoc  autem   noverint  uni- 
versi,  quia  nobis  tunc  existentibus  in  solenni  curia,  jam  ex 
pluribus  annis  indicta,  idem   Cuyne  Imperator,  de  novo 
electus,   cum   omnibus   suis   Principibus    erexit    vexillum  Bellum  in 
contra  Ecclesiam  Dei,  ac  Romanum  Imperium,  &  contra  Chnsttanos 
omnia  regna   Christianorum   &  populos    Occidentis,    nisi  '^  ^^  ^  ^ 
fortasse,  quod  absit,  facerent  ea,  quae  mandabat   Domino 
Papae,  atque  potentibus,  &  omnibus  Christianorum  popu- 

127 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

lis,  videlicet  ut  ipsi  subdantur  eis.  Nam  excepta  Christi- 
anitate,  nulla  est  terra  in  orbe,  quam  timeant,  &  idcirco 
contra  nos  ad  pugnam  se  praeparant.  Hujus  siquidem 
Imperatoris  pater,  scilicet  Occoday,  necatus  fuerat  veneno, 
&  ob  hoc  a  bellis  quieverant  tempore  pauco.  Intentio 
autem  eorum,  ut  dictum  est  supra,  est,  sibi  totum  subjicere 
mundum,  sicut  a  Chingischam  habent  mandatum.  Unde 
&  ipse  Imperator  in  Uteris  suis  ita  scribit:  Dei  fortitudo, 
omnium  hominum  Imperator.  In  superscriptione  quoque 
sigilli  ejus  est  hoc:  Deus  in  coelo,  &  Cuyne  Cham  super 
terram,  Dei  fortitudo:  omnium  hominum  Imperatoris 
sigillum. 

f  Contra  Xenophon:  SUaiov  ea-ri  vo/uliiulov.  Et  praclare 
Aristoteles  Politic,  lib.  3.  cap.  12.  in  hanc  sententiam: 
^i  legem  pr^esse  vult,  is  velle  videtur  Deum  ac  leges 
imperare:  qui  autem  vult  hominem^  is  etiam  helluam  ad- 
jungit^  cum  pr^sertim  tale  quid  sit  cupiditas  &  iracundia : 
^  magistratus  &'  optimus  quisque  a  recta  via  detorque- 
antur  i^c.  Adde  qua  e  Chrysippo  adducuntur  ff.  li.  i. 
tit.  3.  /.  1. 

De  admissione  Fratrum  &  nunciorum  ad 
Imperatorem.      Cap.   29. 

Cuyne  audit     TN  loco  illo,  ubi  positus  est  Imperator  in  throno,  vocati 
kgatos.  JL  fuimus    coram  ipso.      Cumque  Chingay  protonotarius 

ejus  nomina  nostra  scripsisset,  illorumque  a  quibus  missi 
eramus,  &  Ducis  Solangorum  &  aliorum,  clamavit  alta 
voce,  recitans  ilia  coram  Imperatore  ac  Ducum  universitate. 
Quo  facto,  flexit  unusquisque  nostrum  quater  genu  sinis- 
trum,  &  monuerunt,  ne  tangeremus  limen  deorsum. 
Cumque  pro  cultellis  nos  diligentissime  scrutati  fuissent,  & 
nullatenus  invenissent,  intravimus  ostium  ab  Orientali 
parte:  quia  nullus  ab  Occidente,  nisi  solus  imperator,  audet 
intrare.  Similiter  &  Dux  ab  ilia  parte  ingreditur  solus,  si 
est  tentorium  ejus.  Minores  autem  non  multum  curant 
de  talibus.  Tunc  ergo  primum  in  ejus  praesentia  suam  in- 
travimus stationem,  videlicet  postquam  factus  est  Impera- 
tor ibidem.     Omnes  quoque  nuncii  tunc  ab  eo  recepti  sunt, 

128 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 
sed  paucissimi  tentorium  ejus  intraverunt.      Ibi  vero  tanta  Munera 
donaria  ab  ipsis  nunciis  fuerunt  ei  praesentata,  quod  quasi  ^^^^"^'  oblata. 
videbantur  infinita,  videlicet  in  samitis  ac  purpureis  &  bal- 
dakinis  ac  cingulis  sericis  cum  auro   praeparatis,  pellibus 
etiam  nobilibus,  caeterisque  muneribus.     Quoddam  etiam 
Solinum,  sive  tentoriolum,  quod  super  caput  Imperatoris 
portatur,  fuit  eidem  praesentatum,  quod  totum  erat  cum 
gemmis  praeparatum.     Quidam  vero  praefectus  unius  pro- 
vinciae  adduxit  ei  Camelos  multos  cum  Baldakinis  tectos. 
Similiter  sellas  positae  cum  instrumentis  quibusdam  erant, 
in  quibus  homines  interius  sedere  valebant.     Equos  etiam 
multos  &  mulos  adducebant  eidem  phaleratos  &  armatos, 
quosdam   quidem  de  corio,   &   quosdam   de   ferro.     Nos 
etiam  requisiti  fuimus,  an  ei  munera  dare  vellemus:   sed 
jam  facultas  non  erat,  quoniam  omnia  fere  nostra  consump- 
seramus.     Ibidem  longe  a  stationibus  super  montem  erant  Currus 
positi    currus    plusquam    quingenti,   qui    omnes   auro   &  ^^'^'^^p^^°p^^- 
argento  ac  sericis  vestibus  erant  pleni.      Cunctique  inter 
imperatorem  &  Duces  divisi   fuerunt,  singulique  Duces 
inter  homines  suos  partes  suas,  ut  eis  placuit,  diviserunt. 

De  loco  divisionis  Imperatoris  &  matris  suae,  & 
morte  Jeroslai,   Ducis  Russian. 

INde  recedentes,  venimus  ad  alium  locum,  ubi  tentorium  Tentorium 
mirabile,  totum  de  purpura  rufa,  quod  Kitay  dederant,  P^^'P^reum. 
erat  positum.     Illic  interius  introducti  fuimus,  &  semper 
cam  intrabamus  nobis  dabatur  ad  bibendum  cerevisia  vel 
vinum,  &  etiam  carnes  coctae,  si  volebamus,  ad  edendum. 
Eratque  solariolum  unum,  de  tabulis  alte  praeparatum,  ubi  Solium  ebur- 
thronus    Imperatoris    erat    positus,    ex    ebore    mirabiliter  ^^^' 
sculptus,  in  quo  etiam  erat  aurum,  &  lapides  preciosi,  si 
bene  meminimus,  &  illuc  ascendebatur  per  gradus.     Erat- 
que rotundum  superius.      Banci  vero  erant  positi  in  cir-  [I.  52.] 
cuitu  sedis,  ubi  dominae  sedebant  a  parte  sinistra  in  scamnis, 
a  dextris  autem  nemo  sedebat  superius,  sed  Duces  sedebant 
in  Bancis  inferius,  &  hoc  in  medio.     Alii  vero  sedebant 
post   eos,   &   quolibet   die   veniebat   dominarum   maxima 
multitudo.     Ista  vero  tria  tentoria,  de  quibus  supra  dixi- 
I  129  I 


A.D. 

1246. 


Nex  Occoda'^ 
vindicata 
Jeroslaus  Dux 
Russi^e. 


Cuyne  cum 
legatis  dis- 
ihnulanter 
agif. 


Cosmas 
Russus. 


Chingay 
internuncius. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

mus,  erant  valde  magna,  aliaque  habebant  uxores  ejus  de 
filtro  albo  satis  magna  &  pulchra.  Ibidem  Imperator 
divisus  est  a  matre  sua,  quae  ivit  in  unam  terrae  partem,  & 
Imperator  in  aliam  ad  judicia  facienda.  Capta  siquidem 
erat  amica  Imperatoris  istius,  quae  veneno  interfecerat 
patrem  ejus,  eo  tempore,  quo  exercitus  eorum  in  Hungaria 
fuit.  Propter  quod  etiam  exercitus  eorum,  qui  erat  in 
partibus  illis,  recessit.  De  qua  cum  aliis  pluribus  factum 
fuit  judicium,  &  occisi  fuerunt.  Eodem  tempore  mortuus 
fuit  Jerozlaus.  Dux  magnus  Soldal,  quae  est  quaedam 
Russiae  pars.  Vocatus  enim  ad  matrem  Imperatoris  quasi 
pro  honore,  ut  manducaret  ac  biberet  de  manu  ipsius,  in 
continenti  ad  hospitium  est  reversus,  infirmatusque  mor- 
tuus est  post  septem  dies,  totumque  corpus  ejus  miro 
modo  glaucum  efFectum  est,  dicebaturque  ab  omnibus, 
quod  ibidem,  ut  terram  ejus  libere  ac  plenarie  possiderent, 
fuisset  impotionatus. 

Qualiter    tandem    Fratres    ad     Imperatorem    acce- 
dentes,   literas    dederunt    &   acceperunt.      Cap. 

DEnique  Tartari  nostri  nos  ad  Imperatorem  duxerunt: 
qui  cum  audisset  per  illos,  nos  ad  eum  venisse,  jussit 
nos  ad  matrem  redire.  Volebat  enim  secundo  die,  sicut 
superius  dictum  est,  contra  totam  Occidentis  terram  vexil- 
lum  erigere,  quod  nos  volebat  ignorare.  Itaque  reversi 
stetimus  paucis  diebus,  &  iterum  ad  ipsum  reversi  sumus. 
Cum  quo  bene  per  mensem  fuimus  in  tanta  fame  ac  siti, 
quod  vix  vivere  poteramus.  Nam  expensae,  quae  nobis  pro 
diebus  quatuor  dabantur,  vix  uni  sufficiebant.  Nee  in- 
venire  poteramus  aliquid  ad  emendum,  quia  forum  erat 
nimis  remotum.  Sed  Dominus  nobis  quendam  Ruthenum, 
nomine  Cosmam,  aurifabrum  praeparavit,  qui  satis  dilectus 
Imperatori,  nos  in  aliquo  sustentavit.  Et  hie  ncbis  osten- 
dit  thronum  Imperatoris,  quem  ipse  fecerat,  antequam 
poneretur  in  sede,  &  sigillum  ejusdem,  quod  etiam  fabri- 
caverat  ipse.  Post  hoc  Imperator  pro  nobis  misit,  nobisque 
per  Chingay  protonotarium  suum  dici  fecit,  ut  verba  nostra 

130 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  a.d. 

1246. 

&  negotia  scriberemus,  eique  porrigeremus.     Quod  &  feci-  1 

mus.     Post  plures  dies  nos  iterum  vocari  fecit,  &  utrum  | 

essent  apud  Dominum  Papam,  qui  Ruthenorum  vel  Sar-  i 

racenorum,   aut    etiam   Tartarorum    literam    intelligerent, 

interrogavit.     Cui  respondimus,  quod  nullam  istarum  lite-  \ 

rarum    habebamus.      Sarraceni   tamen   erant   in   terra,   sed  j 

remoti  erant  a  Domino  Papa.     Diximus  tamen,  quia  nobis  Prud^ns  de  \ 

expedire  videbatur,  quod  in  Tartarico  scriberent,  &  nobis      J'^^  ^°^'~  i 

interpretarentur,  nos  autem  in  litera  nostra  diligenter  scri-  '  1 

beremus,  &  tam  literam  quam  interpretationem  ad  Domi-  ' 

num  Papam  deferremus.     Tunc  a  nobis  recesserunt,  &  ad 

Imperatorem  iverunt.     Porro  a  die  Beati   Martini   fuimus  | 

vocati.     Tunc  Kadac,  totius  imperii  procurator,  &  Chingay 

&  Bala,  pluresque  scriptores  ad   nos  venerunt,  nobisque 

literam  de  verbo  ad  verbum  interpretati  fuerunt.     Et  cum  ' 

in  Latina  litera  scripsissemus,  faciebant  sibi    per  singulas 

orationes  interpretari,  volentes  scire,  si  nos  in  aliquo  verbo 

erraremus.     Cum  igitur  ambae  literae  fuissent  scriptae,  fece-  i 

runt  nos  semel  ac  secundo  legere,  ne  forte  minus  aliquid  ' 

haberemus.     Dixerunt   enim    nobis,  videte,   quod   omnia 

bene   intelligatis,   quia    non   expediret,    quod    non   omnia  \ 

bene    intelligeretis.      Literas   etiam    in    Sarracenico   scrip-  ] 

serunt,  ut  aliquis  in  partibus  nostris  inveniri  posset,  qui  ! 

eas,  si  opus  esset,  legeret.  : 

Qualiter  licentiati   fuerunt.      Cap.    32. 

UT  autem  nobis  Tartar!  nostri  dixerunt,  proposuit  Im-  ; 

perator    nuncios    suos    nobiscum    mittere.      Volebat  ' 

tamen,  ut  credimus,  quod  nos  id  ab  eo  peteremus.     Sed  : 

Cum  unus  de  Tartaris  nostris,  qui  senior  erat,  nos  ad   hoc  ! 

petendum  hortaretur,  nobis  quidem,  ut  venirent,  ne  qua- 
quam  bonum  videbatur.     Ideoque  respondimus  ei,  quod  Legati      ^  ; 

non  erat  nostrum  petere,  sed  si  sponte  ipse  Imperator  mit-  ^^^^^^^^^  ^ 
teret  eos,  libenter  eos  secure  conduceremus.  Domino  ad-  ad  Christimm  ' 

juvante.     Nobis  autem  ob  plures  causas  ut  venirent,  non  kgatione.  ' 

videbatur  expedire.     Prima  quidem  fuit,  quia  timuimus,  i 

ne  visis  dissentionibus  aut  guerris,  quae  fiunt  inter  nos, 
magis  animarentur   ad  veniendum   contra   nos.     Secunda  1 

131  \ 


A.D 

1246. 


THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 


[I.  53-] 


Honorantur 
commeatu  ^ 
lautiis. 


fuit,  timebamus  eos  exploratores  terrae  fieri.  Tertia  vero, 
quia  timebamus  eos  interfici.  Gentes  enim  nostras  arro- 
gantes  sunt  &  superbae.  Unde  quando  servientes,  qui 
stant  nobiscum,  ex  rogatu  Cardinalis,  legati  scilicet  Ale- 
manniae,  in  habitu  Tartarico  ibant  ad  ipsum,  in  via  fere 
lapidati  sunt  a  Teutonicis,  &  coacti  sunt  deponere  habitum 
ilium.  Consuetudo  autem  est  Tartarorum,  ut  cum  illis, 
qui  nuncios  eorum  occiderint,  nunquam  faciant  pacem,  nisi 
sumant  de  ipsis  ultionem.  Quarta  etiam  causa  fuit,  quia 
timebamus  ne  nobis  auferrentur  vi.  Quinta  vero  causa 
erat,  quia  de  adventu  eorum  nulla  foret  utilitas,  cum 
nullum  haberent  aliud  mandatum  vel  potestatem,  nisi  quod 
literas  Imperatoris  ad  Dominum  Papam  &  ad  Principes 
deferrent,  quas  videlicet  literas  ipsi  nos  habebamus,  & 
malum  ex  eorum  adventu  posse  contingere  credebamus. 
Novemb.  13.  Itaque  tertia  die  post  hoc,  scilicet  in  festo  beati  Briccii 
nobis  dederunt  licentiam  &  literam,  Imperatoris  sigillo 
munitam,  mittentes  nos  ad  ipsius  Imperatoris  matrem, 
quas  unicuique  nostrum  dedit  pelliceum  unum  de  pellibus 
vulpinis,  quod  habebat  pilos  de  foris,  &  purpuram  unam. 
De  quibus  Tartari  nostri  furati  sunt  ex  unaquaque  unum 
passum.  De  ilia  quoque,  quae  dabatur  servienti,  meliorem 
medietatem  sunt  furati.  Quod  nos  quidem  non  ignoravi- 
mus,  sed  inde  verba  movere  noluimus. 

Qualiter  ab  illo  itinere  redierunt.      Cap.    33. 

TUnc  iter  ad  revertendum  arripuimus,  ac  per  totam 
hyemem  venimus,  jacentes  in  desertis  sa^pius  in  nive, 
nisi  quantum  poteramus  nobis  cum  pede  locum  facere. 
Ibi  quippe  non  erant  arbores,  sed  planus  campus.  Et 
saepe  mane  nos  inveniebamus  totos  nive,  quam  ventus 
pellebat,  coopertos.  Sic  venientes  usque  ad  Ascensionem 
Domini  pervenimus  ad  Bathy.  A  quo  cum  inquireremus, 
quid  responderet  Domino  Papas,  dixit  se  nolle  aliud,  nisi 
quod  Imperator  diligenter  scripserat,  demandare.  Datis- 
que  nobis  de  conductu  literis,  ab  eo  recessimus,  &  sabbatho 
infra  octavas  Pentecostes  usque  ad  Montii  pervenimus, 
ubi   erant  socii   nostri,  ac   servientes,   qui   fuerant  retenti, 

132 


Difficilis 
legatorum 
reditus. 

Bathy. 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI 

quos  ad  nos  fecimus  reduci.  Hinc  usque  Corrensam 
pervenimus,  cui  iterum  a  nobis  donaria  petenti  non 
dedimus,  quia  non  habebamus.  Deditque  nobis  duos 
Comanos,  qui  erant  ex  Tartarorum  plebe,  usque  ad 
Kioviam  Russias.  Tartarus  tamen  noster  non  dimisit  nos, 
donee  exiremus  ultimam  Tartarorum  custodiam.  Isti 
vero  alii,  qui  nobis  a  Corrensa  dati  sunt,  in  sex  diebus  ab 
ultima  custodia  usque  ad  Kioviam  nos  duxerunt.  Veni- 
mus  autem  illuc  ante  festum  Beati  Johannis  Baptistas  xv. 
diebus.  Porro  Kiovienses  adventum  nostrum  percipientes, 
occurrerunt  nobis  omnes  laetanter.  Congratulabantur 
enim  nobis,  tanquam  a  morte  suscitatis.  Sic  fecerunt 
nobis  per  totam  Russiam,  Poloniam  &  Bohemiam.  Daniel 
&  Wasilico  frater  ejus  festum  nobis  magnum  fecerunt,  & 
nos  contra  voluntatem  nostram  bene  per  octo  dies 
tenuerunt.  Medioque  tempore  inter  se  &  cum  Episcopis, 
c^terisque  probis  viris,  super  his,  quas  locuti  fueramus 
eisdem,  in  processu  nostro  ad  Tartaros  consilium  habentes, 
responderunt  nobis  communiter,  dicentes  :  quod  Dominum 
Papam  habere  vellent  in  specialem  Dominum,  &  in  patrem, 
sanctam  quoque  Romanam  Ecclesiam  in  dominam  & 
magistram,  confirmantes  etiam  omnia,  quae  prius  de  hac 
materia  per  Abbatem  suum  transmiserant.  Et  super  hoc 
etiam  nobiscum  ad  Dominum  Papam  nuncios  suos  & 
literas  transmiserunt. 


A.D. 

1246. 

Corrensa. 


Junti  8. 
Gratulationes 
reducibus 
factce. 
BasUius  y 
Daniel 
Principcs. 


Russ'i 

agnoscunt  pri- 
matum  Papa' 


[The  voyage 


^ZZ 


A.D. 
1246. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


The   voyage   of  Johannes   de    Piano   Carpini   unto 

the  Northeast  parts  of  the  world,  in  the 

yeere  of  our  Lord,    1246. 

Of  the  first  sending  of  certaine  Friers  Prasdicants  and 
Minorites  unto  the  Tartars,  taken  out  of  the  32.  Booke 
of  Vincentius  Beluacensis  his  Speculum  Historiale  : 
beginning  at  the  second  Chapter. 

AsceUinus.       I,  , ^  .^     _  .iBout  this  time  also,  Pope  Innocentius  the 

fourth  sent  Frier  Ascelline  being  one  of 
the  order  of  the  Praedicants,  together  with 
three  other  Friers  (of  the  same  authoritie 
whereunto  they  were  called)  consorted 
with  him  out  of  divers  Covens  of  their 
order,  with  letters  Apostolicall  unto  the  Tar- 
tars campe  :  wherein  hee  exhorted  them  to  give  over  their 
bloudie  slaughter  of  mankinde,  and  to  receive  the  Christian 
faith.  And  I,  in  verie  deede,  received  the  relations  con- 
cerning the  deedes  of  the  Tartars  onelie,  (which,  according 
to  the  congruence  of  times,  I  have  above  inserted  into  this 
my  woorke)  from  a  Frier  Minorite,  called  Simon  de  Sanct. 
Quintin,  who  lately  returned  from  the  same  voyage.  And 
at  that  verie  time  also,  there  was  a  certaine  other  Frier 
Minorite,  namely  Frier  John  de  Piano  Carpini,  sent  with 
certaine  associates  unto  the  Tartars,  who  likewise  (as 
himselfe  witnesseth)  abode  and  conversed  with  them  a 
yeere  and  three  moneths  at  the  least.  For  both  he  &  one 
Frier  Benedict  a  Polonian  being  of  the  same  order,  and  a 
partaker  of  all  his  miserie  and  tribulation,  received  straight 
commaundement  from  the  Pope,  that  both  of  them  shoulde 
diligently  searche  out  all  things  that  concerned  the  state  of 
the  Tartars.  And  therefore  this  Frier  John  hath  written 
a  litle  Historic  (which  is  come  to  our  hands)  of  such 
[I.  54.]  things,  as  with  his  owne  eyes  hee  sawe  among  the  Tartars, 

or  which  he  heard  from  divers  Christians  worthy  of  credit, 
remaining   there  in   captivitie.     Out  of  which  historie  I 

134 


Simon 

Quintinianus. 
John  de  piano 
Carpini. 


Benedictus 
Polonus. 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  a.d. 

1 246.  ' 

thought  good  by  way  of  conclusion,  to  insert  somewhat  \ 
for  the  supply  of  those  things  which  are  wanting  in  the 

said  Frier  Simon.  1 

Of  the  situation  and   qualitie  of  the  Tartars  land, 

By  Johannes  de  Piano  Carpini.      Chap.   3.  \ 

THere  is  towards  the  East  a  land  which  is  called  Mon-  J  description  j 

gal  or  Tartaria,  lying  in  that  part  of  the  worlde  which  ofTartaria,  , 

is  thought  to  be  most  North  Easterly.     On  the  East  part  ' 

it  hath  the  countrey  of  Kythay  and  of  the  people  called  J 

Solangi  :  on  the  South  part  the  countrey  of  the  Saracens  :  j 

on  the  South  east  the  land  of  the  Huini  :  and  on  the  West  j 

the   province  of  Naimani  :    but  on  the  North  side  it   is  T'he  North  \ 

invironed  with  the  Ocean  Sea.     In  some  part  thereof  it  is  ^^^^^-  j 

full  of  mountaines,  and  in  other  places  plaine  and  smoothe  ! 

grounde,  but  everie  where  sandie  and  barren,  neither  is  \ 

the  hundreth  part  thereof  fruitefull.     For  it  cannot  beare  ; 

fruite  unlesse  it  be  moistened  with  river  waters,  which  bee  ' 

verie  rare  in  that  countrey.    Whereupon  they  have  neither  ■ 

villages,  nor  cities  among  them,  except  one  which  is  called  \ 

Cracurim,  and  is  said  to  be  a  proper  towne.     We  our  \ 

selves  sawe  not  this  towne,  but  were  almost  within  halfe  a  \ 

dayes  journey  thereof,  when  we  remained  at  Syra  Orda,  Syra  Orda.  \ 

which  is  the  great  court  of  their  Emperour.     And  albeit  \ 

the  foresaid  lande  is  otherwise  unfruitfull,  yet  is  it  very  = 
commodious  for  the  bringing  up  of  cattell.     In  certaine 
places  thereof  are  some  small  store  of  trees  growing,  but 

otherwise  it  is  altogether  destitute  of  woods.     Therefore  ' 

the  Emperour,  and  his  noble  men  and  all  other  warme  , 

themselves,  and  dresse  their  meate  with  fires  made  of  the  i 
doung    of    oxen,    and    horses.      The    ayre    also    in    that  The 
countrey    is    verie    intemperate.      For    in    the    midst    of  ^^temperature 
Sommer  there  be  great  thunders  and  lightnings,  by  the  ^•' 
which  many  men  are  slaine,  and  at  the  same  time  there 
falleth  great  abundance  of  snowe.     There  bee  also  such 

mightie  tempestes  of  colde  windes,  that  sometimes  men  j 

are  not  able  to  sitte  on  horsebacke.     Whereupon,  being  ^^/-^^^  q^^^  \ 

neere    unto    the   Orda    (for   by  this  name   they  call    the  signifieth.  \ 

135  \ 


AD.  THE   EIS^GLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

habitations  of  their  Emperours  and  noble  men)  in  regarde 
of  the  great  winde  we  were  constrained  to  lye  groveling  on 
the  earth,  and  could  not  see  by  reason  of  the  dust.  There 
is  never  any  raine  in  Winter,  but  onely  in  Sommer,  albeit 
in  so  little  quantitie,  that  sometimes  it  scarcely  sufficeth  to 
allay  the  dust,  or  to  moysten  the  rootes  of  the  grasse. 
There  is  often  times  great  store  of  haile  also.  Insomuch 
that  when  the  Emperour  elect  was  to  be  placed  in  his 
Emperiall  throne  (my  selfe  being  then  present)  there  fell 
such  abundance  of  haile,  that,  upon  the  sudden  melting 
thereof,  more  then  160.  persons  were  drowned  in  the  same 
place  :  there  were  manie  tentes  and  other  thinges  also 
caried  away.  Likewise,  in  the  Sommer  season  there  is  on 
the  sudden  extreame  heate,  and  suddenly  againe  intol- 
lerable  colde. 

Of  their  forme,  habite,  and  maner  of  living. 
Chap.  4. 

The  shape  of    HT^He  Mongals  or  Tartars,  in  outward  shape,  are  unlike 

the  Tartars.       X.    to  all  Other  people.     For  they  are  broader  betweene 

the   eyes,  and  the  balles  of  their  cheekes,  then  men  of 

other  nations  bee.     They  have  flat  and  small  noses,  litle 

eyes,  and  eye  liddes  standing  streight  upright,  they  are 

shaven   on   the  crownes  like    priests.     They  weare  their 

haire  somewhat  longer  about  their  eares,  then  upon  their 

foreheads  :     but    behinde    they    let    it   growe    long    like 

Their  habite.    womans  haire,  whereof  they  braide    two   lockes  binding 

eche  of  them  behind  either  eare.     They  have  short  feet 

also.     The  garments,  as  well  of  their  men,  as  of  their 

women  are  all  of  one  fashion.     They  use  neither  cloakes, 

hattes,  nor  cappes.     But  they  weare  Jackets  framed  after  a 

strange    manner,    of    buckeram,    skarlet,    or    Baldakines. 

Like  unto  Fro-  Their  shoubes  or  gownes  are  hayrie  on  the  outside,  and 

btshirs  men.      q^^^    behinde,     with     tailes    hanging     downe    to     their 

hammes.     They  use  not  to  washe  their  garments,  neither 

will  in  any  wise  suffer  them  to  bee  washed,  especially  in 

Their  the  time  of  thunder.     Their  habitations  bee  rounde  and 

tabernacles.       cunningly  made  with  wickers   and    staves   in   manner   of 

136 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINl  a.d. 

1246. 

a  tent.  But  in  the  middest  of  the  toppes  thereof,  they 
have  a  window  open  to  convey  the  light  in  and  the 
smoake  out.  For  their  fire  is  alwayes  in  the  middest. 
Their  walks  bee  covered  with  felt.  Their  doores  are 
made  of  felte  also.  Some  of  these  Tabernacles  may 
quickely  be  taken  asunder,  and  set  together  againe,  and 
are  caried  upon  beastes  backes.  Other  some  cannot  be 
taken  insunder,  but  are  stowed  upon  carts.  And  whither- 
soever they  goe,  be  it  either  to  warre,  or  to  any  other 
place,  they  transport  their  tabernacles  with  them.  They 
are  very  rich  in  cattel,  as  in  camels,  oxen,  sheep,  and  Their  cattell. 
goats.  And  I  thinke  they  have  more  horses  and  mares 
then  all  the  world  besides.  But  they  have  no  kine  nor 
other  beasts.  Their  Emperors,  Dukes,  &  other  of  their 
nobles  doe  abound  with  silk,  gold,  silver,  and  precious 
stones.  Their  victuals  are  al  things  that  may  be  eaten  :  Their 
for  we  saw  some  of  them  eat  lice.  They  drinke  milke  in  ^'-^'^^^^-f- 
great  quantitie,  but  especially  mares  milke,  if  they  have  I-  •  55-J 
it  :  They  seeth  Mill  also  in  water,  making  it  so  thinne, 
that  they  may  drinke  thereof.  Every  one  of  them 
drinkes  off  a  cup  full  or  two  in  a  morning,  and  sometime 
they  eate  nought  else  all  the  day  long.  But  in  the 
evening  each  man  hath  a  little  flesh  given  him  to  eate,  and 
they  drinke  the  broath  thereof.  Howbeit  in  summer 
time,  when  they  have  mares  milke  enough,  they  seldome 
eate  flesh,  unles  perhaps  it  be  given  them,  or  they  take 
some  beast  or  bird  in  hunting. 

Of  their  manners  both  good  and  bad.      Chap.  5. 

THeir  manners  are   partly  prayse-worthie,  and  partly  Their 
detestable  :    For  they  are  more  obedient  unto  their  ^^^^i^^^<^^' 
lords    and    masters,    then     any    other    either    clergie    or 
laie-people   in   the  whole   world.     For   they    doe    highly 
reverence  them,  and  will  deceive  them,  neither  in  wordes 
nor    deedes.     They    seldome    or    never    fall    out  among 
themselves,  and,  as  for  fightings  or  brawlings,  wounds  or 
manslaughters,  they  never  happen  among  them.     There  Their 
are   neither   theeves   nor   robbers    of  great    riches   to    be  ^^■^^^^^»^^- 

137 


A.D. 
1246. 


Their 
courtesie. 


Their 
chastity. 


Their 
insokncie 
against 
strangers. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

found,  and  therefore  the  tabernacles  and  cartes  of  them 
that  have  any  treasures  are  not  strengthened  with  lockes 
or  barres.  If  any  beast  goe  astray,  the  finder  thereof 
either  lets  it  goe,  or  driveth  it  to  them  that  are  put 
in  office  for  the  same  purpose,  at  whose  handes  the 
owner  of  the  said  beast  demaundeth  it,  and  without  any 
difficultie  receiveth  it  againe.  One  of  them  honoureth 
another  exceedingly,  and  bestoweth  banquets  very 
familiarly  and  liberally,  notwithstanding  that  good  victuals 
are  daintie  and  scarce  among  them.  They  are  also  very 
hardie,  and  when  they  have  fasted  a  day  or  two  without 
any  maner  of  sustenance,  they  sing  and  are  merry  as  if 
they  had  eaten  their  bellies  full.  In  riding,  they  endure 
much  cold  and  extreme  heat.  There  be,  in  a  maner,  no 
contentions  among  them,  and  although  they  use  commonly 
to  be  drunken,  yet  doe  they  not  quarell  in  their 
drunkennes.  Noe  one  of  them  despiseth  another  but 
helpeth  and  furthereth  him,  as  much  as  conveniently 
he  can.  Their  women  are  chaste,  neither  is  there  so  much 
as  a  word  uttered  concerning  their  dishonestie.  Some  of 
them  will  notwithstanding  speake  filthy  and  immodest 
words.  But  towards  other  people,  the  said  Tartars  be 
most  insolent,  and  they  scorne  and  set  nought  by  all  other 
noble  and  ignoble  persons  whatsoever.  For  we  saw  in 
the  Emperours  court  the  great  duke  of  Russia,  the  kings 
Sonne  of  Georgia,  and  many  great  Soldanes  receiving  no 
due  honour  and  estimation  among  them.  So  that  even 
the  very  Tartars  assigned  to  give  attendance  unto  them, 
were  they  never  so  base,  would  alwaies  goe  before  them, 
and  take  the  upper  hand  of  them,  yea,  and  sometimes 
would  constraine  them  to  sit  behinde  their  backes.  More- 
over they  are  angrie  and  of  a  disdainefull  nature  unto 
other  people,  and  beyond  all  measure  deceitfull,  and 
treacherous  towards  them.  They  speake  fayre  in  the 
beginning,  but  in  conclusion,  they  sting  like  scorpions. 
For  craftie  they  are,  and  full  of  falshood,  circumventing 
all  men  whom  they  are  able,  by  their  sleights.  Whatso- 
ever mischiefe  they  entend  to  practise  against  a  man,  they 

138 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  a.d. 

1246. 

keepe  It  wonderfully  secrete,  so  that  he  may  by  no  meanes 
provide  for  himselfe,  nor  find  a  remedie  against  their 
conspiracies.  They  are  unmanerly  also  and  uncleanly  in 
taking  their  meat  and  their  drinke,  and  in  other  actions. 
Drunkennes  is  honourable  among  them,  and  when  any  ot 
them  hath  taken  more  drinke  then  his  stomacke  can  well 
beare,  hee  casteth  it  up  and  falles  to  drinking  againe. 
They  are  most  intollerable  exacters,  most  covetous 
possessours,  and  most  nigardly  givers.  The  slaughter 
of  other  people  is  accompted  a  matter  of  nothing  with 
them. 

Of  their  lawes  and  customes.      Chap.   6. 

Moreover,     they    have     this    law    or    custome,     that  Punishments 
whatsoever    man    or    woman    be    manifestly    taken  of  adultery. 
in   adultery,    they  are   punished  with   death.     A   virgine 
likewise    that    hath     committed     fornication,     they     slay 
together    with     her     mate.     Whosoever    be    taken    in   of  theft. 
robberie  or  theft,  is  put  to  death  without  all  pitie.     Also,   of  secretes 
if  any  man  disclose   their   secrets,   especially   in    time   of  disclosed. 
warre,  he  receiveth  an  hundreth  blowes  on  the  backe  with 
a  bastinado,  layd  on  by  a  tall  fellow.     In  like  sort  when  any 
inferiours  offend  in  ought,  they  finde  no  favour  at  their 
superiours  handes,  but  are  punished  with  grievous  stripes. 
They    are  joyned  in  matrimony  to  all   in  generall,  yea,  Lawes  of 
even     to     their    neare    kinsfolkes    except    their    mother,  -^^^rtmome. 
daughter  and  sister  by  the  mothers  side.     For  they  use 
to  marrie  their  sister  by  the  fathers  side  onely,  and  also 
the  wife  of  their  father  after  his   decease.     The  yonger 
brother  also,  or  some  other  of  his  kindred,  is  bound  to 
marry  the  wife  of  his  elder  brother  deceased.     For,  at  the 
time   of  our  aboad   in   the   countrey,  a  certaine  duke  of  Andreas  duke 
Russia  named  Andreas,  was  accused  before  duke  Baty  for  v^^"^^- 
conveying  the  Tartars  horses  out   of  the   land,  and   for 
selling  them  to  others  :    and   although   it   could   not   be 
prooved,  yet  was  he  put  to  death.     His  yonger  brother 
and   the  wife   of  the   party  deceased   hearing   this,   came 
&  made  their  supplication  unto  the  forenamed  duke,  that 

139 


brothers. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

[I.  56.]  the  dukedome  of  Russia  might  not  be  taken  from  them. 

But  he  commanded  the  youth  to  marrie  his  deceased 
brothers  wife,  and  the  woman  also  to  take  him  unto 
her  husband,  according  to  the  custome  of  the  Tartars. 
She  answered,  that  she  had  rather  die,  then  so  haynously 
transgresse  the  law.  Howbeit,  hee  delivered  her  unto 
him,  although  they  both  refused  as  much  as  they 
could.  Wherefore  carying  them  to  bed,  they  constrained 
the  youth,  lamenting  and  weeping,  to  lie  downe  and 
commit  incest  with  his  brothers  wife.  To  be  short,  after 
the  death  of  their  husbands,  the  Tartars  wives  use  very 
seldome  to  marrie  the  second  time,  unlesse  perhaps  some 
man  takes  his  brothers  wife  or  his  stepmother  in  mariage. 
They  make  no  difference  betweene  the  sonne  of  their  wife 
and  of  their  concubine,  but  the  father  gives  what  he 
pleaseth  unto  each  one  :  For  of  late   the  king  of  Georgia 

Mel'ich  13       having  two  sonnes,  one  lawfully  begotten  called  Melich  ; 

£!!ll/^^  but  the  other  David,  borne  in  adulterie,  at  his  death  left 
part  of  his  lande  unto  his  base  sonne.  Hereupon  Melich 
(unto  whome  the  kingdome  fell  by  right  of  his  mother, 
because  it  was  governed  before  time  by  women)  went  unto 
the  Emperour  of  the  Tartars,  David  also  having  taken 
his  journey  unto  him.  Nowe  both  of  them  comming 
to  the  court  and  proffering  large  giftes,  the  sonne  of 
the  harlot  made  suite,  that  he  might  have  justice, 
according  to  the  custome  of  the  Tartars.  Well,  sentence 
passed  against  Melich,  that  David  being  his  elder  brother, 
should  have  superioritie  over  him,  and  should  quietly 
and  peaceably  possesse  the  portion  of  land  granted  unto 
him  by  his  father.  Whensoever  a  Tartar  hath  many 
wives,  each  one  of  them  hath  her  family  and  dwelling 
place  by  her  selfe.  And  sometime  the  Tartar  eateth, 
drinketh  and  lieth  with  one,  and  sometime  with  another. 
One  is  accompted  chiefe  among  the  rest,  with  whom  hee  is 
oftener  conversant,  then  with  the  other.  And  notwith- 
standing (as  it  hath  bin  said)  they  are  many,  yet  do  they 
seldome  fal  out  among  themselves. 

140 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI 

Of  their  superstitious  traditions.      Chap.  7. 

BUt  by  reason  of  certain  traditions,  which  either  they 
or  their  predecessors  have  devised,  they  accompt 
some  things  indifferent  to  be  faults.  One  is  to  thrust 
a  knife  into  the  fire,  or  any  way  to  touch  the  fire  with  a 
knife,  or  with  their  knife  to  take  flesh  out  of  the  cauldron, 
or  to  hewe  with  an  hatchet  neare  unto  the  fire.  For  they 
think  by  that  means  to  take  away  the  head  or  force  from 
the  fire.  Another  is  to  leane  upon  the  whip,  wherewith 
they  beate  their  horses  :  for  they  ride  not  with  spurs. 
Also,  to  touch  arrowes  with  a  whip,  to  take  or  kill  yong 
birds,  to  strike  an  horse  with  ye  raine  of  their  bridle,  and 
to  breake  one  bone  against  another.  Also,  to  powre  out 
milke,  meate,  or  any  kinde  of  drinke  upon  the  ground 
or  to  make  water  within  their  tabernacle  :  which  whoso- 
ever doth  willingly,  he  is  slaine,  but  otherwise  he  must 
pay  a  great  summe  of  money  to  the  inchanter  to  be 
purified.  Who  likewise  must  cause  the  tabernacle  with 
all  things  therein,  to  passe  betweene  two  fiers.  Before  it 
be  on  this  wise  purified,  no  man  dare  once  enter  into  it, 
nor  conveigh  any  thing  thereout.  Besides,  if  any  man 
hath  a  morsell  given  him,  which  he  is  not  able  to  swallow, 
and  for  that  cause  casteth  it  out  of  his  mouth,  there  is  an 
hole  made  under  his  tabernacle,  by  which  hee  is  drawen 
forth  and  slaine  without  all  compassion.  Likewise,  who- 
soever treads  upon  the  threshold  of  any  of  their  dukes 
tabernacles,  he  is  put  to  death.  Many  other  things  there 
be,  like  unto  these,  which  they  take  for  heinous  offences. 
But  to  slay  men,  to  invade  the  dominions  of  other  people, 
and  to  rifle  their  goods,  to  transgresse  the  commaundements 
and  prohibitions  of  God,  are  with  them  no  offences  at  all. 
They  know  nothing  concerning  eternall  life,  and  ever- 
lasting damnation,  and  yet  they  thinke,  that  after  death 
they  shall  live  in  another  world,  that  they  shall  multiply 
their  cattell,  that  they  shal  eate  and  drinke  and  doe  other 
things  which  living  men  performe  here  upon  earth.  At 
a  new  moone,  or  a  full  moone,  they  begin  all  enterprises 

141 


A.D. 

1246. 


Ridiculous 
traditions. 


The  Tartars 
zvorship  the 


A.D. 
1246. 


Their  customc 
of  purifying. 


[I.   57.] 


The  people  of 
Tartaria. 


The  ori^nal 
13  the  ex- 
ploits of 
Chingis, 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

that  they  take  in  hand,  and  they  call  the  moone  the 
Great  Emperour,  and  worship  it  upon  their  knees.  All 
men  that  abide  in  their  tabernacles  must  be  purified  with 
fire  :  Which  purification  is  on  this  wise,  They  kindle  two 
fires,  and  pitch  two  Javelines  into  the  ground  neere  unto 
the  said  fires,  binding  a  corde  to  the  tops  of  the  Javelines. 
And  about  the  corde  they  tye  certaine  jagges  of  buckram, 
under  which  corde,  and  betweene  which  fires,  men,  beastes, 
and  tabernacles  do  passe.  There  stand  two  women  also, 
one  on  the  right  side,  and  another  on  the  left  casting 
water,  and  repeating  certaine  charmes.  If  any  man  be 
slaine  by  lightning,  all  that  dwell  in  the  same  tabernacle 
with  him  must  passe  by  fire  in  maner  aforesaid.  For 
their  tabernacles,  beds,  and  cartes,  their  feltes  and  gar- 
ments, and  whatsoever  such  things  they  have,  are  touched 
by  no  man,  yea,  and  are  abandoned  by  all  men  as  things 
uncleane.  And  to  bee  short,  they  thinke  that  all  things 
are  to  be  purged  by  fire.  Therefore,  when  any  ambassa- 
dours,  princes,  or  other  personages  whatsoever  come  unto 
them,  they  and  their  giftes  must  passe  betweene  two  fires 
to  be  purified,  lest  peradventure  they  have  practised 
some  witchcraft,  or  have  brought  some  poyson  or  other 
mischiefe  with  them. 

Of  the  beginning  of  their  empire  or  government. 

Chap.  8. 

THe  East  countrie,  whereof  wee  have  entreated,  which 
is  called  Mongal,  is  reported  to  have  had  of  olde 
time  foure  sortes  of  people.  One  of  their  companions 
was  called  Yeka  Mongal,  that  is  the  great  Mongals. 
The  second  company  was  called  Sumongal,  that  is,  the 
Water-Mongals,  who  called  themselves  Tartars  of  a 
certaine  river  running  through  their  countrey  named 
Tartar.  The  third  was  called  Merkat,  and  the  fourth 
Metrit.  All  these  people  had  one  and  the  same  person, 
attire  of  body  and  language,  albeit  they  were  divided  by 
princes  and  provinces.  In  the  province  of  Yeka  Mongal, 
there    was    a    certaine    man    called    Chingis.     This    man 

142 


JOHN    DE   PLANO    CARPINI 


A.D. 

1246. 


became  a  mighty  hunter.  For  he  learned  to  steale  men, 
&  to  take  them  for  a  pray.  He  ranged  into  other 
countries  taking  as  many  captives  as  he  could,  and  joining 
them  unto  himselfe.  Also  hee  allured  the  men  of  his 
owne  countrey  unto  him,  who  followed  him  as  their 
captaine  and  ringleader  to  doe  mischiefe.  Then  began  he 
to  make  warre  upon  the  Sumongals  or  Tartars,  and  slewe 
their  captaine,  and  after  many  conflicts,  subdued  them 
unto  himselfe,  and  brought  them  all  into  bondage. 
Afterward  he  used  their  helpe  to  fight  against  the 
Merkats,  dwelling  by  the  Tartars,  whom  also  hee  van- 
quished in  battell.  Proceeding  from  thence,  he  fought 
against  the  Metrites,  and  conquered  them  also.  The  The'Namani. 
Naimani  hearing  that  Chingis  was  thus  exalted,  greatly 
disdeined  thereat.  For  they  had  a  mighty  &  puissant 
Emperour,  unto  whom  all  the  foresaid  nations  payed 
tribute.  Whose  sonnes,  when  he  was  dead,  succeeded 
him  in  his  Empire.  Howbeit,  being  young  and  foolish, 
they  knew  not  howe  to  governe  the  people,  but  were  The  discord  of 
divided,  and  fell  at  variance  among  themselves.  Now  ^^^^^^'^^• 
Chingis  being  exalted,  as  is  aforesaid,  they  neverthelesse 
invaded  the  forenamed  countries,  put  the  inhabitants  to 
the  sword,  and  carried  away  their  goods  for  a  pray. 
Which  Chingis  having  intelligence  of,  gathered  all  his 
subjects  together.  The  Naimani  also,  and  the  people 
called  Karakitay  assembled  and  banded  themselves  at  a 
certaine  straight  valley,  where,  after  a  battell  foughten 
they  were  vanquished  by  the  Mongals.  And  being  thus 
vanquished,  they  were,  the  greater  part  of  them,  slaine  ; 
and  others,  which  could  not  escape,  were  carried  into 
captivitie.  In  the  land  of  the  foresayd  Karakytayans, 
Occoday  Cham,  the  sonne  of  Chingis  Cham,  after  he  was  Occoday 
created  Emperour,  built  a  certaine  citie,  which  he  called  ^^^^^ 
Chanyl.  Neare  unto  which  citie,  on  the  South  side, 
there  is  an  huge  desert,  wherein  wilde  men  are  certainely 
reported  to  inhabite,  which  cannot  speake  at  all,  and  are 
destitute  of  joynts  in  their  legges,  so  that  if  they  fall,  they 
cannot  rise  alone  by  themselves.     Howbeit,  they  are  of 

143 


A.D. 

1246. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


Haython  ^ 

Pau/us 

Venetm  call 

them 

*  Cathayans. 


discretion  to  make  feltes  of  Camels  haire,  wherewith  they 
clothe  themselves,  and  which  they  holde  against  the 
winde.  And  if  at  any  time,  the  Tartars  pursuing  them, 
chance  to  wound  them  with  their  arrowes,  they  put  herbes 
into  their  wounds,  and  flye  strongly  before  them. 

Of  the  mutuall  victories  betweene  them,  and   the 
people  of  Kythay.      Chap.  9. 

BUt  the  Mongals  returning  home  into  their  owne 
countrey,  prepared  themselves  to  battell  against  the 
*Kythayans  :  Which  their  Emperour  hearing,  set  forward 
against  them  with  his  armie,  and  they  fought  a  cruell 
battell,  wherein  the  Mongals  were  overcome,  and  all  their 
nobles  in  the  armie,  except  seven,  were  slaine.  And  for 
this  cause,  when  they,  purposing  to  invade  anie  region, 
are  threatned  by  the  inhabitants  thereof  to  be  slaine,  they 
doe,  to  this  day,  answere  :  in  old  time  also  our  whole 
number  besides  being  slaine,  we  remayned  but  seven  of  us 
alive,  and  yet  notwithstanding  we  are  now  growen  unto 
a  great  multitude,  thinke  not  therefore  to  daunt  us  with 
such  brags.  But  Chingis  and  the  residue  that  remained 
alive,  fled  home  into  their  countrey  :  And  having  breathed 

Netv  victories,  him  a  little,  he  prepared  himselfe  to  warre,  and  went  forth 
against  the  people  called  Huyri  :  These  men  were  Chris- 

Letters.  tians    of  the    sect    of    Nestorius.      And    these    also    the 

Mongals  overcame,  and  received  letters  or  learning  from 
them  :  for  before  that  time  they  had  not  the  arte  of 
writing,  and  nowe  they  call  it  the  hand  or  letters  of  the 
Mongals.  Immediately  after,  hee  marched  against  the 
countrey  of  Saruyur,  and  of  the  Karanites,  and  against 
the  land  of  Hudirat ;  all  which  he  vanquished.  Then 
returned  he  home  into  his  owne  countrey,  and  breathed 
himselfe.  Afterward,  assembling  his  warlike  troupes,  they 
marched  with  one  accord  against  the  Kythayans,  and 
waging  warre  with  them  a  long  time,  they  conquered  a 
great  part  of  their  land,  and  shut  up  their  Emperour  into 
his  greatest  citie  :  which  citie  they  had  so  long  time  be- 
sieged, that  they  began  to  want  necessary  provision  for  their 

144 


JOHN   DE    PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 

armie.     And  when  they  had  no  victuals  to  feede  upon, 

Chingis  Cham  commaunded  his  souldiers,  that  they  should 

eate  every  tenth  man  of  the  companie.     But  they  of  the  [I.  58.] 

citie  fought  manfully  against  them,  with  engines,  dartes, 

and  arrowes,  and  when  stones  wanted  they  threw  silver,  ^^^^^^'  ^^f^  ^/ 

and  especially  melted  silver  :  for  the  same  citie  abounded  ^'^^  ^»^^^/^  in 

•1  -1  At  1  iTv;r  iiiri       ^^<?^«  of  Stones. 

with  great  riches.     Also,  when  the  Mongals  had  rought 
a  long  time  and  could  not  prevayle  by  warre,  they  made  a 
great  trench  underneath  the  ground  from  the  armie  unto 
the  middest  of  the  citie,  and  there  issuing  foorth  they 
fought  against  the  citizens,  and  the  remnant  also  without 
the  walks  fought  in  like  manner.     At  last,  breaking  open 
the    gates   of  the    citie,    they    entred,    and    putting    the 
Emperour,  with   many  other  to   the   sworde,  they  tooke 
possession  thereof  and  conveighed  away  the  golde,  silver, 
and  all  the  riches  therein.     And  having  appointed  certaine 
deputies  over  the  countrey,  they  returned  home  into  their 
owne  lande.     This  is  the  first  time,  when  the  Emperour 
of  the  Kythayans  being  vanquished,  Chingis  Cham  ob-  Chingh  Cham 
tayned   the    Empire.     But   some   parte   of  the  countrey,  P^'^^^^'^^^^ 
because  it  lyeth  within  the  sea,  they  could  by  no  meanes   r>       r 
conquere  unto  this  day.     The  men  of  Kytay  are  Pagans,  (^^^/^J^  i^^ 
having  a  speciall  kinde  of  writing  by  themselves,  and  (as  it  the  sea. 
is  reported)  the  Scriptures  of  the  olde  and  newe  Testa-  7;^^  letters, 
ment.     They  have  also  recorded  in  hystories  the  lives  of  ^  the 
their  forefathers  :  and  they  have  Eremites,  and  certaine  ''^%"^^  ^f  ^he 
houses  made  after  the   manner  of  our   Churches,   which     ^^  ^-^^''^' 
in   those   dayes   they  greatly   resorted   unto.      They  say 
that  they  have  divers  Saints  also,  and  they  worship  one 
God.     They  adore  and  reverence  CHRIST  JESUS  our 
Lorde,    and    beleeve    the    article    of    eternall    life,    but 
are   not   baptized.      They   doe   also   honourably   esteeme 
and  reverence  our  Scriptures.     They  love  Christians,  and 
bestowe    much    almes,    and    are    a    very    courteous    and 
gentle   people.     They  have  no   beardes,   and  they  agree 
partly    with    the    Mongals    in    the    disposition    of    their         . 
countenance.       In    all    occupations    which    men    practise,  excellent 
there    are    not    better    artificers    in     the    whole    worlde.   workmanship 
I  145  K 


A.D. 
1246. 


THE    ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


Thossut  Can 

son  of  Chinas. 


India  minor 
subdued. 


The  stratagem 
oft/ie  king  of 
India. 


Their  countrey  is  exceeding  rich, 
silke,  and  other  commodities. 


in  corne,  wme 


gold( 


Of  their  warre 


against   India  major  and  minor. 
Chap.    10. 

ANd  when  the  Mongals  with  their  emperour  Chingis 
Cham  had  a  while  rested  themselves  after  the  fore- 
sayd  victorie,  they  divided  their  armies.  For  the  Em- 
perour sent  one  of  his  sonnes  named  Thossut  (whom  also 
they  called  Can,  that  is  to  say,  Emperour)  with  an  armie 
against  the  people  of  Comania,  whom  he  vanquished  with 
much  warre,  and  afterward  returned  into  his  owne 
country.  But  he  sent  his  other  sonne  with  an  armie 
against  the  Indians,  who  also  subdued  India  minor. 
These  Indians  are  the  blacke  Saracens,  which  are  also  called 
-(Ethiopians.  But  here  the  armie  marched  forward  to  fight 
against  Christians  dwelling  in  India  major.  Which  the 
King  of  that  countrey  hearing  (who  is  commonly  called 
Presbiter  John)  gathered  his  souldiers  together,  and  came 
foorth  against  them.  And  making  mens  images  of  copper, 
he  set  each  of  them  upon  a  saddle  on  horsebacke,  and  put 
fire  within  them,  and  placed  a  man  with  a  paire  of  bellowes 
on  the  horse  backe  behinde  every  image.  And  so  with 
many  horses  and  images  in  such  sorte  furnished,  they 
marched  on  to  fight  against  the  Mongals  or  Tartars.  And 
comming  neare  unto  the  place  of  the  battell,  they  first  of 
all  sent  those  horses  in  order  one  after  another.  But  the 
men  that  sate  behind  laide  I  wote  not  what  upon  the  fire 
within  the  images,  and  blew  strongly  with  their  bellowes. 
Whereupon  it  came  to  passe,  that  the  men  and  the  horses 
were  burnt  with  wilde  fire,  and  the 
with    smoake.     Then   the 

Tartars,  of  whom  many  were  wounded  and  slain.  And  so 
they  expelled  them  out  of  their  dominions  with  great 
confusion,  neither  did  we  heare,  that  ever  they  returned 
thither  againe. 


,,  c*.xv^   c.x^   ayre  was 
Indians   cast   dartes 


darkened 
upon   the 


146 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  ad.  \ 

1 246.         j 

i 

How    being    repelled    by    monstrous    men    shapen  . 

like  dogs,  they  overcame  the  people  of  Buri-  i 

thabeth.      Chap.    11.  \ 

! 

BUt  returning  through   the  deserts,  they  came  into  a  ] 

certaine  countrey,  wherin  (as  it  was  reported  unto  us  : 

in  the  Emperours  court,  by  certaine  clergie  men  of  Russia,  ! 

and  others,  who  were  long  time  among  them,  and  that  by  ^  strange  \ 

strong:    and     stedfast    affirmation)     they    found    certaine  report  of  cer- 

^  IT  .''..•'  1J1  tain  monstrous        \ 

monsters  resembhng  women  :  who  being  asked  by  many  „^.^^^^^  ^^^  ; 

interpreters,    where    the    men    of    that    land    were,    they  dogs.  ] 

answered,  that  whatsoever  women  were  borne  there,  were  I 

indued  with  the  shape  of  mankinde,  but  the  males  were  - 

like  unto  dogges.     And  delaying  the  time,  in  that  countrey  \ 

they  met  with  the  said  dogges  on  the  other  side  of  the  river. 

And  in  the  midst  of  sharpe  winter,  they  cast  themselves  , 

into  the  water  :  Afterward  they  wallowed  in  the  dust  upon  j 

the  maine  land,  and  so  the  dust  being  mingled  with  water, 

was  frozen  to  their  backes,   and   having  often   times    so 

done,  the  ice  being  strongly  frozen  upon  them,  with  great 

fiiry  they  came  to  fight  against  the  Tartars.     And  when 

the    Tartars    threwe   their   dartes,   or   shot    their   arrowes 

among  them,  they  rebounded  backe  againe,  as  if  they  had  [I.  59.] 

lighted  upon  stones.     And  the  rest  of  their  weapons  coulde 

by  no  meanes  hurt  them.      Howbeit,  the  Dogges  made  an 

assault   upon   the   Tartars,  and  wounding  some  of  them 

with  their  teeth,  and  slaying  others,  at  length  they  drave 

them  out  of  their  countries.     And  thereupon  they  have  a 

Proverbe   of  the   same  matter,  as   yet   rife  among  them, 

which  they  speake  in  jesting  sorte  one  to  another  ;  My 

father  or  my  brother  was  slaine  of  Dogges.     The  women 

which  they  tooke,  they  brought  into  their  owne  countrey, 

who  remayned  there  till  their  dying  day.     And  in  traveil- 

ing  homewardes,  the  sayd  armie  of  the  Mongals  came  unto  ^"^  r^&^''  °J 

the    lande   of  Burithabeth    (the   inhabitants  whereof  are  B^^^'^^^"^^'^^- 

Pagans)    and    conquered    the    people   in    battell.      These 

people    have    a    strange    or    rather   a  miserable  kinde   of 

147 


A.D. 
1246. 

The  manners 
of  the  people. 


Another 
expedition  of 
Chinas. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

custome.  For  when  anie  mans  father  deceaseth,  he 
assembleth  all  his  kindred,  and  they  eate  him.  These 
men  have  no  beards  at  all,  for  we  saw  them  carie  a  certaine 
iron  instrument  in  their  hands,  wherewith,  if  any  haires 
growe  upon  their  chinne,  they  presently  plucke  them  out. 
They  are  also  very  deformed.  From  thence  the  Tartars 
armie  returned  to  their  owne  home. 

Hov^  they  had  the  repulse  at  the  Caspian  moun- 
taynes,  and  v^ere  driven  backe  by  men  dv^ell- 
ing  in  caves.      Chap.    12. 

Moreover  Chingis  Cham,  at  the  same  time  when  he 
sent  other  armies  against  the  East,  hee  himselfe 
marched  with  a  power  into  the  lande  of  Kergis,  which 
notwithstanding,  he  conquered  not  in  that  expedition,  and 
as  it  was  reported  unto  us,  he  went  on  forward  even  to 
the  Caspian  mountaines.  But  the  mountaines  on  that  part 
where  they  encamped  themselves,  were  of  adamant,  and 
therefore  they  drew  unto  them  their  arrowes,  and  weapons 
of  iron.  And  certaine  men  contained  within  those  Caspian 
mountaynes,  hearing,  as  it  was  thought,  the  noyse  of  the 
armie,  made  a  breach  through,  so  that  when  the  Tartars 
returned  unto  the  same  place  tenne  yeeres  after,  they 
found  the  mountaine  broken.  And  attempting  to  goe 
unto  them,  they  could  not  :  for  there  stood  a  cloud  before 
them,  beyond  which  they  were  not  able  to  passe,  being 
deprived  of  their  sight  so  soone  as  they  approched  there- 
unto. But  they  on  the  contrary  side  thinking  that  the 
Tartars  durst  not  come  nigh  them,  gave  the  assault,  & 
when  they  came  at  the  cloud,  they  could  not  proceed  for 
the  cause  aforesaid.  Also  the  Tartars,  before  they  came 
unto  the  said  mountaines,  passed  for  the  space  of  a  moneth 
and  more,  through  a  vast  wildernes,  &  departing  thence 
towards  the  East,  they  were  above  a  moneth  traveiling 
through  another  huge  desert.  At  length,  they  came  unto 
a  land  wherin  they  saw  beaten  waies,  but  could  not  find 
any  people.  Howbeit,  at  the  last,  diligently  seeking,  they 
found  a  man   &    his   wife,  whom   they  presented   before 

148 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 

Chingis  Cham  :  and  demanding  of  them  where  the  people 
of  that  countrey  were,  they  answered,  that  the  people 
inhabited  under  the  ground  in  mountains.  Then  Chingis 
Cham  keeping  still  the  woman,  sent  her  husband  unto 
them,  giving  them  charge  to  come  at  his  command.  And 
going  unto  them,  he  declared  all  things  that  Chingis  Cham 
had  commanded  them.  But  they  answered,  that  they 
would  upon  such  a  day  visite  him,  to  satisfie  his  desire. 
And  in  the  meane  season,  by  blinde  &  hidden  passages 
under  the  earth,  assembling  themselves,  they  came  against 
the  Tartars  in  warlike  manner,  and  suddenly  issuing  forth, 
they  slewe  a  great  number  of  them.  This  people  were 
not  able  to  endure  the  terrible  noise,  which  in  that  place 
the  Sunne  made  at  his  uprising  :  for  at  the  time  of  the  A  fabulous 
Sunne  rising,  they  were  inforced  to  lay  one  eare  upon  the  ^f'^^^^^^^^f 
ground,  and  to  stoppe  the  other  close,  least  they  should 
heare  that  dreadfull  sound.  Neither  could  they  so  escape, 
for  by  this  meanes  many  of  them  were  destroyed.  Chingis 
Cham  therefore  and  his  company,  seeing  that  they  pre- 
vailed not,  but  continually  lost  some  of  their  number,  fled 
and  departed  out  of  that  land.  But  the  man  and  his  wife 
aforesaid  they  caried  along  with  them,  who  all  their  life 
time  continued  in  the  Tartars  countrey.  Being  demaunded 
why  the  men  of  their  countrey  doe  inhabite  under  the 
ground,  they  sayd,  that  at  a  certeine  time  of  the  yeare, 
when  the  sunne  riseth,  there  is  such  an  huge  noyse,  that 
the  people  cannot  endure  it.  Moreover,  they  use  to  play 
upon  cymbals,  drums,  and  other  musicall  instruments,  to 
the  ende  they  may  not  heare  that  sounde. 

Of  the  statutes  of  Chingis  Cham,  of  his  death,  of 
his  sonnes,  and  of  his  dukes.      Chap.    13. 

BUt  as  Chingis  Cham  returned  out  of  that  countrey,  his 
people  wanted  victuals,  &  suffered  extreme  famin. 
Then  by  chance  they  found  ye  fresh  intrails  of  a  beast  : 
which  they  tooke,  &  casting  away  the  dung  therof,  caused 
it  to  be  sodden,  brought  it  before  Chingis  Cham,  &  did  y^^^  ^^^,^  ^r 
eat  therof.     And  hereupon  Chingis  Cham  enacted  ;  that  Chingis. 

149 


A.D. 
1246. 

[I.    60.] 


The  death  of 
Chhigis. 
His  sonnes. 


His  graund- 
children. 


The  Tar- 
tarian dukes. 


The  absolute 
and  lordly 
dominion  of  the 
Tartarian 
Emperourover 
/.Is  subjects. 


THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

neither  the  blood,  nor  the  intrails,  nor  any  other  part  of  a 
beast  which  might  be  eaten,  should  be  cast  away,  save 
onely  the  dunge.  Wherefore  he  returned  thence  into  his 
owne  land,  and  there  he  ordayned  lawes  and  statutes, 
which  the  Tartars  doe  most  strictly  and  inviolably  observe, 
of  the  which  we  have  before  spoken.  He  was  afterward 
slaine  by  a  thunderclap.  He  had  foure  sonnes  :  the  first 
was  called  Occoday,  the  second  Thossut  Can,  the  third 
Thiaday  :  the  name  of  the  fourth  is  unknowen.  From 
these  foure  descended  all  the  dukes  of  the  Mongals.  The 
first  Sonne  of  Occoday  is  Cuyne,  who  is  now  Emperour  : 
his  brothers  be  Cocten  and  Chyrinen.  The  sonnes  of 
Thossut  Can  are  Bathy,  Ordu,  Siba,  and  Bora.  Bathy, 
next  unto  the  Emperour,  is  richer  and  mightier  then  all 
the  rest.  But  Ordu  is  the  seignior  of  all  the  dukes. 
The  sonnes  of  Thiaday  be  Hurin  and  Cadan.  The 
sonnes  of  Chingis  Cham  his  other  sonne,  whose  name  is 
unknowen,  are  Mengu,  Bithat,  and  certaine  others.  The 
mother  of  Mengu  was  named  Seroctan,  and  of  all  others 
most  honoured  among  the  Tartars,  except  the  Emperors 
mother,  and  mightier  then  any  subject  except  Bathy. 
These  be  the  names  of  the  dukes  :  Ordu,  who  was  in 
Poland  and  in  Hungarie  :  Bathy  also  &  Hurin  &  Cadan, 
and  Siban,  and  Ouygat,  all  which  were  in  Hungarie. 
In  like  maner  Cyrpodan,  who  is  as  yet  beyond  the  sea, 
making  war  against  certaine  Soldans  of  the  Saracens,  and 
other  inhabitants  of  farre  countries.  Others  remained  in 
the  land,  as  namely  Mengu,  Chyrinen,  Hubilai,  Sinocur, 
Cara,  Gay,  Sybedey,  Bora,  Berca,  Corrensa.  There  be 
many  other  of  their  dukes,  whose  names  are  unknowen 
unto  us. 

Of  the  authoritie  of  the  Emperour,  and  of  his 
dukes.      Chap.    14. 

Moreover,  the  Emperour  of  the  Tartars  hath  a 
wonderfull  dominion  over  all  his  subjects.  For  no 
man  dare  abide  in  any  place,  unles  he  hath  assigned  him 
to  be  there.     Also  he  himselfe  appointeth  to  his  dukes 

150 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI 

where  they  should  inhabite.  Likewise  the  dukes  assigne 
places  unto  every  Millenarie,  or  conducter  of  a  thousand 
souldiers,  the  Millenaries  unto  each  captaine  of  an  loo. 
the  captaines  unto  every  corporall  of  ten.  Whatsoever 
is  given  them  in  charge,  whensoever,  or  wheresoever,  be 
it  to  fight  or  to  lose  their  lives,  or  howsoever  it  be,  they 
obey  without  any  gainsaying.  For  if  he  demandeth  any 
mans  daughter,  or  sister  being  a  virgine,  they  presently 
deliver  her  unto  him  without  all  contradiction  :  yea,  often 
times  he  makes  a  collection  of  virgines  throughout  all  the 
Tartars  dominions,  and  those  whom  he  meanes  to  keepe, 
he  retaineth  unto  himselfe,  others  he  bestoweth  upon  his 
men.  Also,  whatsoever  messenger  he  sendeth,  or  whither- 
soever, his  subjects  must  without  delay  finde  them  horses 
and  other  necessaries.  In  like  sorte,  from  what  countrey 
soever  tribute  payers,  or  ambassadours  come  unto  him, 
they  must  have  horses,  carriages,  and  expenses  allowed 
them.  Notwithstanding  ambassadours  comming  from 
other  places  do  suffer  great  misery,  and  are  in  much 
wante  both  of  victuals,  and  of  apparel  :  especially  when 
they  come  to  any  of  the  dukes,  and  there  they  are  con- 
stray  ned  to  make  some  lingering  abode.  Then  ten  men 
are  allowed  so  little  sustenance,  that  scarcely  two  could 
live  thereof.  Likewise,  if  any  injuries  be  offered  them, 
they  cannot  without  danger  make  complaint.  Many  gifts 
also  are  demaunded  of  them,  both  by  dukes  and  others, 
which  if  they  doe  not  bestow,  they  are  basely  esteemed, 
and  set  at  nought.  And  hereupon,  wee  were  of  necessitie 
enforced  to  bestowe  in  giftes  a  great  part  of  those  things 
which  were  given  us  by  well  disposed  people,  to  defray 
our  charges.  To  be  short,  all  things  are  so  in  the  power 
and  possession  of  the  Emperour,  that  no  man  dare  say. 
This  is  mine,  or,  this  is  my  neighbours  ;  but  all,  both 
goods,  cattell  and  men  are  his  owne.  Concerning  this 
matter  also  he  published  a  statute  of  late.  The  very 
same  authority  and  jurisdiction,  doe  the  dukes  in  like 
sorte  exercise  upon  their  subjects. 


A.D. 

124b. 


Their 

barbarous 

inhumanitie 

towards 

ambassadours. 


151 


A.D. 
1246. 


Occoday  suc- 
ceedeth  his 
father. 


The 

expedition  of 
Bathy. 


The  citie  of 
Barchln. 


[L  6: 
Ornii. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

Of  the  election  of  Emperour  Occoday,  and  of 
the  expedition   of  duke  Bathy.      Chap.    15. 

AFter  the  death  of  Chingis  Cham  aforesayd,  the  dukes 
assembled  themselves  and  chose  Occoday  his  sonne 
to  be  their  Emperour.  And  he,  entering  into  consulta- 
tion with  his  nobles,  divided  his  armies,  and  sent  duke 
Bathy  his  nephew  against  the  countrie  of  Altisoldan,  and 
against  the  people  called  Bisermini,  who  were  Saracens, 
but  spake  the  language  of  Comania.  The  Tartars  in- 
vading their  countrey,  fought  with  them  and  subdued 
them  in  battel.  But  a  certeine  citie  called  Barchin  resisted 
them  a  long  time.  For  the  citizens  had  cast  up  many 
ditches  and  trenches  about  their  citie,  in  regard  whereof 
the  Tartars  could  not  take  it,  till  they  had  filled  the  said 
ditches.  But  the  citizens  of  Sarguit  hearing  this,  came 
foorth  to  meete  them,  yeelding  themselves  unto  them  of 
their  owne  accord.  Whereupon  their  citie  was  not 
destroyed,  but  they  slue  manie  of  them  and  others  they 
carried  away  captive,  and  taking  spoyles,  they  filled  the 
citie  with  other  inhabitants,  and  so  marched  foorth  against 
the  citie  of  Orna.  This  towne  was  very  populous  and 
exceeding  rich.  For  there  were  many  Christians  therein, 
as  namely  Gasarians,  Russians,  and  Alanians,  with  others, 
and  Saracens  also.  The  government  of  the  citie  was  in 
the  Saracens  hande.  It  standeth  upon  a  mighty  river, 
and  is  a  kinde  of  porte  towne,  having  a  great  marte 
exercised  therein.  And  when  the  Tartars  could  not 
otherwise  overcome  it,  they  turned  the  said  river,  running 
through  the  citie,  out  of  his  chanell,  and  so  drowned  the 
citie  with  the  inhabitantes  and  their  goods.  Which  being 
done,  they  set  forward  against  Russia,  and  made  foule 
havocke  there,  destroying  cities  and  castles  and  murther- 
ing  the  people.  They  layd  siege  a  long  while  unto  Kiow 
the  chiefe  citie  of  Russia,  and  at  length  they  tooke  it  and 
slue  the  citizens.  Whereupon,  traveiling  through  that 
countrey,  wee  found  an  innumerable  multitude  of  dead 
mens  skulles  and  bones  lying  upon  the  earth.     For  it  was 

152 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 
a  very  large  and  a  populous  citie,  but  it   is   nowe  in   a 
maner  brought  to  nothing  :   for  there  doe  scarce  remaine 
200.  houses,  the  inhabitants  whereof  are  kept  in  extreame 
bondage.     Moreover,  out  of  Russia  and  Comania,  they 
proceeded    forward    against    the    Hungarians,    and    the 
Polonians,  and  there  manie  of  them  were  slaine,  as  is 
aforesaid  :  and  had  the  Hungarians   manfully  withstood 
them,    the    Tartars    had    beene    confounded    and    driven 
backe.        Returning     from     thence,     they    invaded     the 
countrey  of  the  Morduans  being  pagans,  and  conquered  T'he 
them  in  battell.     Then  they  marched  against  the  people  ^'^^'^'*^^^- 
called  Byleri,  or  Bulgaria  magna,  &  utterly  wasted  the  Bulgaria 
countrey.        From    hence    they    proceeded     towards     the  ^^^S"^- 
North   against   the    people    called    Bastarci   or   Hungaria  Hmgaria 
magna,   and    conquered    them    also.     And   so    going  on  ^^S*^^- 
further  North,  they  came  unto  the  Parossitas,  who  having  Pamsita. 
little  stomacks  and  small  mouthes,  eate  not  any  thing  at 
all,  but  seething  flesh  they  stand  or  sitte  over  the  potte, 
and  receiving  the  steame  or  smoke  thereof,  are  therewith 
onely  nourished,  and  if  they  eate  anie  thing  it  is  very 
little.     From  hence  they  came  to  the  Samogetae,  who  live  Samogetce. 
onely  upon  hunting,  and  use  to  dwell  in  tabernacles  onely, 
and  to  weare  garments  made  of  beastes  skinnes.     From 
thence  they  proceeded  unto  a  countrey  lying  upon  the 
Ocean  sea,  where  they  found  certaine  monsters,  who  in  The  North 
all  things  resembled  the  shape  of  men,  saving  that  their  °^^^^' 
feete  were  like  the  feete  of  an  oxe,  and  they  had  in  deede 
mens  heads  but  dogges  faces.     They  spake,  as  it  were,  Northeme 
two  words  like  men,  but  at  the  third  they  barked  like  ^lonsters. 
dogges.     From    hence    they   retired    into    Comania,   and 
there  some  of  them  remaine  unto  this  day. 

Of  the  expedition  of  duke  Cyrpodan.      Chap.    16. 

AT  the  same  time  Occoday  Can  sent  duke  Cyrpodan  Ker^s. 
with    an    armie    against    Kergis,  who    also    subdued 
them   in    battell.      These    men    are    Pagans,    having    no 
beardes  at  all.     They  have  a  custome  when  any  of  their 
fathers    die,   for    griefe   and    in    token   of  lamentation   to 

153 


A.D. 
1246. 


Cyclopedcs. 


Armenia  \3 

Georgia 

conquered. 


The  Soldan  of 
Aleppo  his 
land. 


The  Caliph  of 
Baldach. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

drawe  as  it  were,  a  leather  thong  overthwart  their  faces, 
from  one  eare  to  the  other.  This  nation  being  con- 
quered, duke  Cyrpodan  marched  with  his  forces  South- 
ward against  the  Armenians.  And  travailing  through 
certain  desert  places,  they  found  monsters  in  the  shape  of 
men,  which  had  each  of  them  but  one  arme  &  one  hand 
growing  out  of  the  midst  of  their  breast,  and  but  one 
foote.  Two  of  them  used  to  shoote  in  one  bowe,  and 
they  ran  so  swiftly,  that  horses  could  not  overtake  them. 
They  ran  also  upon  that  one  foote  by  hopping  and  leap- 
ing, and  being  weary  of  such  walking,  they  went  upon 
their  hand  and  their  foote,  turning  themselves  round,  as 
it  were  in  a  circle.  And  being  wearie  of  so  doing,  they 
ran  againe  according  to  their  wonted  manner.  Isidore 
calleth  them  Cyclopedes.  And  as  it  was  told  us  in  court, 
by  the  clergie  men  of  Russia,  who  remaine  with  the 
foresayd  Emperour,  many  ambassadours  were  sent  from 
them  unto  the  Emperours  court,  to  obtaine  peace.  From 
thence  they  proceeded  forth  into  Armenia,  which  they 
conquered  in  battell,  and  part  also  of  Georgia.  And  the 
other  part  is  under  their  jurisdiction,  paying  as  yet  every 
yeare  unto  them  for  tribute,  20000.  pieces  of  coyne  called 
Yperpera.  From  thence  they  marched  into  the  dominions 
of  the  puissant  and  mighty  Soldan  called  Deurum,  whom 
also  they  vanquished  in  fight.  And  to  be  short,  they 
went  on  farther  sacking  and  conquering,  even  unto  the 
Soldan  of  Aleppo  his  dominions,  and  now  they  have  sub- 
dued that  land  also,  determining  to  invade  other  countries 
beyond  it  :  neither  returned  they  afterward  into  their 
owne  land  unto  this  day.  Likewise  the  same  armie 
marched  forward  against  the  Caliph  of  Baldach  his 
countrey,  which  they  subdued  also,  &  exacted  at  his 
handes  the  dayHe  tribute  of  400.  Byzantines,  besides 
Baldakines  and  other  giftes.  Also  every  yeare  they  send 
messengers  unto  the  Caliph  moving  him  to  come  unto 
them.  Who  sending  back  great  gifts  together  with  his 
tribute  beseecheth  them  to  be  favourable  unto  him. 
Howbeit  the  Tartarian  Emperour  receiveth  al  his  gifts, 

154 


JOHN    DE   PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 
&    yet    still    nevertheles    sends    for    him,    to    have    him 
come. 

How  the  Tartars  behave  themselves  in  warre.       [I.  62.] 
Chap.    17. 

C Hingis  Cham  divided  his  Tartars  by  captaines  of  The  military 
ten,  captaines  of  an  100.  and  captaines  of  a  1000.  discipline  of 
And  over  ten  Millenaries  or  captains  of  a  1000,  he  ^^^  Tartars. 
placed,  as  it  were,  one  Colonel,  and  yet  notwithstanding 
over  one  whole  armie  he  authorised  two  or  three 
dukes,  but  yet  so  that  all  should  have  especiall  regard 
unto  one  of  the  said  dukes.  And  when  they  joine 
battel  against  any  other  nation,  unles  they  do  all  with 
one  consent  give  backe,  every  man  that  flies  is  put  to 
death.  And  if  one  or  two,  or  more  of  ten  proceed 
manfully  to  the  battel,  but  the  residue  of  those  ten 
draw  backe  &  follow  not  the  company,  they  are  in 
like  maner  slaine.  Also,  if  one  among  ten  or  more 
bee  taken,  their  fellowes,  if  they  rescue  them  not,  are 
punished  with  death.  Moreover  they  are  enjoined  to 
have  these  weapons  following.  Two  long  bowes  or  one  Their 
good  one  at  the  least,  three  quivers  full  of  arrowes,  &  one  '^veapons. 
axe,  and  ropes  to  draw  engines  withal.  But  the  richer 
sort  have  single  edged  swords,  with  sharpe  points,  and 
somewhat  crooked.  They  have  also  armed  horses  with 
their  shoulders  and  breasts  defenced,  they  have  helmets 
and  brigandines.  Some  of  them  have  jackes,  and  caparisons 
for  their  horses  made  of  leather  artificially  doubled  or 
trebled  upon  their  bodies.  The  upper  part  of  their 
helmet  is  of  iron  or  Steele,  but  that  part  which  com- 
passeth  about  the  necke  and  the  throate  is  of  leather. 
Howbeit  some  of  them  have  all  their  foresaide  furniture 
of  iron  framed  in  maner  following.  They  beate  out 
many  thinne  plates  a  finger  broad,  and  a  handful  long, 
and  making  in  every  one  of  them  eight  little  holes, 
they  put  thereunto  three  strong  and  streight  leather 
thongs.  So  they  joine  the  plates  one  to  another,  as  it 
were,   ascending   by  degrees.      Then    they  tie  the  plates 

155 


A.D. 
1246. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


unto  the  said  thongs,  with  other  small  and  slender 
thongs,  drawen  through  the  holes  aforesayd,  and  in  the 
upper  part,  on  each  side  therof,  they  fasten  one  small 
doubled  thong  unto  another,  that  the  plates  may 
iirmely  be  knit  together.  These  they  make,  as  well  for 
their  horses  caparisons,  as  for  the  armour  of  their  men  : 
And  they  skowre  them  so  bright  that  a  man  may 
behold  his  face  in  them.  Some  of  them  upon  the 
necke  of  their  launce  have  an  hooke,  wherewithall  they 
attempt  to  pull  men  out  of  their  saddles.  The  heads  of 
their  arrowes  are  exceedingly  sharpe  cutting  both  wayes 
like  a  two  edged  sworde,  and  they  alwaies  carie  a  file 
in  their  quivers  to  whet  their  arrowheads.  They  have 
targets  made  of  wickers,  or  of  small  roddes.  Howbeit 
they  doe  not  (as  we  suppose)  accustome  to  carrie  them, 
but  onely  about  the  tents,  or  in  the  Emperours  or 
dukes  guardes,  &  that  only  in  the  night  season.  They 
are  most  politique  in  warres,  having  bene  exercised 
experience  l5  therein  with  other  nations  for  the  space  of  these  42. 
yeres.  When  they  come  at  any  rivers,  the  chiefe  men 
of  the  company  have  a  round  and  light  piece  of 
leather,  about  the  borders  whereof  making  many  loopes, 
they  put  a  rope  into  them  to  drawe  it  together  like  a 
purse,  and  so  bring  it  into  the  rounde  forme  of  a  ball, 
which  leather  they  fill  with  their  garments  and  other 
necessaries,  trussing  it  up  most  strongly.  But  upon  the 
midst  of  the  upper  parte  thereof,  they  lay  their  saddles 
and  other  hard  things,  there  also  doe  the  men  them- 
selves sit.  This  their  boate  they  tye  unto  an  horse 
tayle,  causing  a  man  to  swimme  before,  &  to  guide 
over  the  horse,  or  sometime  they  have  two  oares  to  row 
themselves  over.  The  first  horse  therefore  being  driven 
into  the  water,  all  the  other  horses  of  the  company 
followe  him,  and  so  they  passe  through  the  river.  But  the 
poorer  sort  of  common  souldiers  have  every  man  his  leather 
bag  or  sachell  well  sowen  together,  wherin  he  packs  up  all 
his  trinkets,  and  strongly  trussing  it  up  hangs  it  at  his 
horses  tayle,  and  so  passeth  over,  in  maner  aforesaid. 

156 


Their 


cunning  in 
warres. 

Their  maner 
of  passing  otei 
rivers. 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  ad  i 

1246.  'i 


Howe  they  may  be  resisted.      Chap.   18.  j 

IDeeme    not    any  one    kingdome    or  province   able   to  i 

resist  them  :    because   they  use    to   take   up  souldiers  j 
out  of  every  countrey  of   their  dominions.     And  if  so 

be   the  neighbour    province  which   they   invade,  wil   not  1 

aide     them,     utterly    wasting    it,     with     the     inhabitants  ■■■ 

therof,  whom    they   take  from    thence   with    them,   they  : 

proceed    on    to    fight    against    another    countrey.      And  i 

placing  their  captives  in  the  forefront  of   the   battell,  if  j 

they    fight    not    couragiously,    they    put    them     to    the  \ 

sworde.       Wherefore,     if    Christians    would    withstande  Counsel  how            \ 

them,  it  is  expedient,  that  the  provinces  and  governours  ^^  ".'^<?^  ^<^^^^          ■ 

of  countreies  should   agree   in   one,  and  so  by  common  ^^^.^^^  *  ^              : 
counsell,  should    give   them   resistance.     Their  souldiers 

also  must  be  furnished  with   strong  hand-bowes  &  cros-  1 

bowes,    which     they    greatly    dread,    &    with     sufficient  i 

arrowes,  with    maces  also  of  good  iron,  or  an  axe  with  '*•; 

a  long  handle   or  staffe.     When   they  make  their  arrow  A  notable              \ 

heads,  they  must  (according  to  ye  Tartars  custome)  dip  ^^^P^^  of  iron         ^ 

them    red-hot  into  water  mingled   with  sake,  that    they  ^^  ^^^^'^' 
may    be    strong  to   pierce    the    enemies  armour.      They 
that  wil  may  have  swords  also  &  lances  with  hooks  at  the 

ends,  to  pull  them  from  their  saddles,  out  of  which  they  ^ 

are  easilie  removed.      They  must  have  helmets  likewise  "; 
&  other  armour  to  defend  themselves  &  their  horses  from 

the    Tartars   weapons  &  arrowes,   &   they  that    are    un-  j 
armed,   must  (according    to  ye   Tartars   custome)  march 

behinde  their  fellowes,  and  discharge  at  the  enemie  with  [I.  63.] 

long  bowes  and   cros-bowes.     And  (as   it   is  above  said  ^ 

of  the  Tartars)  they  must  orderly  dispose  their  bandes  < 

and     troupes,    and     ordeine    lawes    for    their    souldiers.  ; 

Whosoever  runneth   to   the   pray  or  spoyle,  before    the  | 
victorie    be    atchieved,    must    undergoe    a    most    severe 

punishment.     For  such  a  fellow  is  put  to  death  among  ; 
the   Tartars  without  all   pitie   or  mercie.     The  place   of 

battel    must   be    chosen,    if  it   be  possible,    in   a    plaine  j 

fielde,   where   they  may  see   round   about,   neither   must  j 

157  ; 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

all    be    in    one    company,    but    in    manie    and    severall 
bandes,  not  very  farre  distant  one  from  another.     They 
which    give    the   first   encounter    must   sende   one    band 
before,    and    must    have    another    in    a    readynesse    to 
relieve  and  second  the  former  in  time  convenient.      They 
must  have  spies  also  on  every  side  to  give  them  notice 
when   the    rest    of   the    enemies    bandes    approch.     For 
therefore  ought  they  alwayes  to  send  forth  band  against 
band  &  troupe  against  troupe,  because   the  Tartar  ever 
practiseth   to   gette   his  enemie   in   the  midst  and   so    to 
environ   him.      Let   our   bands   take   this   caveat  also,  if 
the  enemie  retire,  not  to  make  any  long  pursuit  after  him, 
lest    peradventure   (according   to   his  custome)    he  might 
draw   them    into    some    secret    ambush  :    for   the   Tartar 
fights    more    by    policie    then    by    maine    force.      And 
againe,   lest   our   horses    bee  tired  :    for    we   are   not    so 
well   stored   with   horses   as    they.     Those   horses  which 
the  Tartars   use   one    day,  they  ride  not   upon  three  or 
foure     dayes    after.      Moreover,     if    the    Tartars    draw 
homeward,    our    men    must    not    therefore    depart    and 
casseir    their    bandes,    or   separate    themselves    asunder  : 
because  they  doe  this  upon  policie,  namely  to  have  our     i 
armie  divided,  that  they  may  more  securely  invade  and     | 
waste  the  countrey.     And   in  very  deede,  our  captaines     ; 
ought   both   day  and   night    to   keepe   their   armie   in    a    j 
readines  :  and  not  to  lie  out  of  their  armour,  but  at  all     | 
assayes,  to   bee   provided   for   battell.      For   the   Tartars 
like  divels  are  alwaies  watching  and  devising  howe  to  prac- 
tise mischiefe.    Furthermore,  if  in  battell  any  of  the  Tartars 
be  cast  off  their  horse  backes,  they  must   presently  bee     | 
layd  holde  on  and  taken,  for  being  on  foote  they  shoote     1 
strongly,  wounding  and  killing  both  horses  and  men. 

*  Johannes  de         Of  the  journey  of  frier  *John  unto  the  first         j 
pknoCarpini  g^^j.^  ^£  ^j^^  Tartars.      Chap.    19. 

"E    therefore   by   the    commaundement   of  the    sea  \ 

apostolique  setting  foorth   towards   the  nations  of  ] 

the  East,  chose  first  to  travel  unto  the  Tartars,  because  \ 

158 


w 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI 

we  feared  that  there  might  be  great  danger  imminent 
upon  the  Church  of  God  next  unto  them,  by  their 
invasions.  Proceeding  on  therefore,  we  came  to  the 
king  of  Bohemia,  who  being  of  our  familiar  acquain- 
tance, advised  us  to  take  our  journey  through  Polonia 
and  Russia.  For  we  had  kinsfolkes  in  Polonia,  by 
whose  assistance,  we  might  enter  into  Russia.  Having 
given  us  his  letters,  hee  caused  our  charges  also  to  be 
defrayed,  in  all  his  chiefe  houses  and  cities,  till  we 
came  unto  his  nephew  Boleslaus  duke  of  Slesia,  who 
also  was  familiar  and  well  knowen  unto  us.  The  like 
favour  he  shewed  us  also,  till  wee  came  unto  Conradus 
duke  of  *  Lautiscia,  unto  whome  then  (by  Gods  especiall 
favour  towards  us)  lord  Wasilico  duke  of  Russia  was 
come,  from  whose  mouth  we  heard  more  at  large 
concerning  the  deedes  of  the  Tartars  :  for  he  had  sent 
ambassadours  thither,  who  were  returned  backe  unto  him. 
Wherefore,  it  being  given  us  to  understand,  that  we  must 
bestow  giftes  upon  them,  we  caused  certaine  skinnes 
of  bevers  and  other  beastes  to  be  bought  with  part  of 
that  money,  which  was  given  upon  almes  to  succour  us  by 
the  way.  Which  thing  duke  Conradus  and  the  *  duches 
of  Cracow,  and  a  bishop,  and  certaine  souldiers  being  ad- 
vertised of,  gave  us  likewise  more  of  the  same  skins.  And 
to  be  short,  duke  Wasilico  being  earnestly  requested  by  the 
duke  of  Cracow,  and  by  the  bishop  and  barons,  on  our 
behalfe,  conducted  us  with  him,  unto  his  owne  land,  and 
there  for  certaine  daies,  enterteined  us  at  his  owne  charges, 
to  the  ende  that  we  might  refresh  our  selves  a  while.  And 
when,  being  requested  by  us,  he  had  caused  his  bishops  to 
resort  unto  him,  we  reade  before  them  the  Popes  letters, 
admonishing  them  to  returne  unto  the  unitie  of  the  Church. 
To  the  same  purpose  also,  we  our  selves  admonished  them, 
and  to  our  abilitie,  induced  as  well  the  duke  as  the  bishops 
and  others  thereunto.  Howbeit  because  duke  Daniel  the 
brother  of  Wasilico  aforesaid  (having  as  then  taken  his 
journey  unto  Baty)  was  absent,  they  could  not  at  that  time, 
make  a  finall  answere.     After  these  things  duke  Wasilico 

159 


A.D. 

1246. 

The  journey  of 
frier  Johji  i^ 
h'ls  fellow 
Legates. 


Boleslaus  duke 
of  Silesia. 

*  Mazoz'ia. 


Grimslaua. 


Daniel 
brother  unto 
Wasilico. 


I 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

sent  us  forward  with  one  of  his  servants  as  farre  as  Kiow 

the  chiefe  citie  of  Russia.     Howbeit  we  went  alwayes  in 

The  danger  of  our  lives  by  reason  of  the  Lituanians,  who  did 

Lithuanians,     often  invade  ye  borders  of   Russia,  even   in  those  verie 

places  by  which  we  were  to  passe.     But  in  regard  of  the 

foresayd  servant,  wee  were  out  of  the  Russians  daunger, 

the  greatest  part  of  whome  were  either  slaine,  or  caried 

into  captivitie  by  the  Tartars.      Moreover,  at  Danilon  wee 

were  feeble  even  unto  the  death.     (Notwithstanding  wee 

caused  our  selves  to  bee  carried  in  a  waggon  through  the 

snowe  and  extreme  colde.)   And  being  come  unto  Kiow,  wee 

consulted  with    the  Millenary,  &  other  noble  men  there 

concerning  our  journey.     They  told  us,  that  if  wee  carried 

[I.  64.]  those  horses,  which  wee  then  had,  unto  the  Tartars,  great 

store  of  snowe  lying  upon  the  ground,  they  would  all  dye  : 

be  cause  they  knew  not  howe  to  digge  up  the  grasse  under 

The  fodder  of  the  snow,  as  the  Tartarian  horses  doe,  neither  could  there 

the  Tartarian  ^^g  ought  found  for  them  to  eate,  the  Tartars  having  neither 

^^^^■^'  hay  nor  strawe,  nor  any  other  fodder.     We  determined 

therefore  to  leave  them  behind  at  Kiow  with  two  servants 

appointed  to  keepe  them.     And  wee  were  constrayned  to 

bestow  gifts  upon  the  Millenary,  that  we  might  obtaine  his 

favour  to  allowe  us  poste  horses  and  a  guide.     Wherefore 

beginning  our  journey  the  second  daye  after  the  feast  of 

the  Purification,  wee  arrived  at  the  towne  of  Canow,  which 

was  immediatly  under  the  dominion  of  the  Tartars.     The 

governour  whereof  allowed  us  horses  and  a  guide  unto 

Michceas  the     another   towne,  wherein  wee  found   one   Michaeas   to  be 

governour,  a  man  full  of  all  maHce  and  despight.     Who 

notwithstanding,   having    received    giftes    at    our   handes, 

according  to  his  maner  conducted  us  to  the  first  guarde  of 

the  Tartars. 

Hov^  he  and   his  company  were  at   the  first 
received  of  the  Tartars.      Chap.   20. 

WHerefore,  the  first  Saturday  next  after  Ash  Wednes- 
day, having  about  the  Sunnes  going  downe,  taken 
up  our  place  of  rest,  the  armed  Tartars  came  rushing  upon 

160 


malicious. 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 

us  in  uncivil  and  horrible  maner,  being  very  inquisitive  of 
us  what  maner  of  persons,  or  of  what  condition  we  were  : 
&  when  we  had  answered  them  that  we  were  the  Popes 
Legates,  receiving  some  victuals  at  our  handes,  they  imme- 
diatly  departed.  Moreover  in  the  morning  rising  and 
proceeding  on  our  journey,  the  chiefe  of  them  which  were 
in  the  guard  met  with  us,  demaunding  why,  or  for  what  I 

intent  and  purpose  we  came  thither  ?   and  what  busines  j 

we  had  with   them  ?     Unto  whom  we  answered.  We  are  j 

the  legates  of  our  lord  the  Pope,  who  is  the  father  &  lord  I 

of  the  Christians.     He  hath   sent  us  as  well   unto  your  T'he  contents^  \ 

Emperour,  as  to  your  princes,  and  all  other  Tartars  for  ^^^^^  legacie.  ^ 

this  purpose,  because  it  is  his  pleasure,  that  all   Christians  \ 

should  be  in  league  with  the  Tartars,  and  should  have  peace  ' 

with  them.     It  is  his  desire  also  that  they  should  become  \ 

great  or  in  favour  with  God  in  heaven,  therfore  he  admo-  ; 

nisheth  them  aswel  by  us,  as  by  his  own  letters,  to  become 
Christians,  and  to  embrace  the  faith  of  our  Lord  Jesu 
Christ,  because  they  could  not  otherwise  be  saved.    More-  J 

over,  he  gives  them  to  understand,  that   he  much  mar-  | 

veileth   at    their   monstrous    slaughters    &    massacres    of  i 

mankind,  &  especially  of  Christians,  but  most  of  al  of 
Hungarians,  Mountaineirs,  &  Polonians,  being  al  his  sub- 
jects, having  not  injuried  them  in  ought,  nor  attempted  to 
doe  them  injurie.  And  because  the  Lord  God  is  grievously 
offended  thereat,  he  adviseth  them  from  henceforth  to  be- 
ware of  such  dealing,  &  to  repent  them  of  that  which 
they  had  done.  He  requesteth  also,  that  they  would  write 
an  answere  unto  him,  what  they  purpose  to  doe  hereafter, 
and  what  their  intention  is.  All  which  things  being  heard 
and  understood,  the  Tartars  sayd  that  they  would  appoint 
us  poste  horses  and  a  guide  unto  Corrensa.  And  immedi-  Corrensa. 
ately  demanding  gifts  at  our  hands,  they  obtained  them. 
Then  receiving  the  same  horses,  from  which  they  dis- 
mounted, together  with  a  guide  wee  tooke  our  journey 
unto  Corrensa.  But  they  riding  a  swift  pace,  sent  a 
messenger  before  unto  the  sayd  duke  Corrensa,  to  signifie  the  Westerne 
the  message,  which  we  had  delivered  unto  them.  This  marches. 
I  161  L 


A.D. 

1246. 


The  maner  of 
saluting  the 
Tartarian 
princes. 


[1. 65.] 

Duke  Bathy 
y  his  pozcer. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

duke  is  governour  of  all  them,  which  lie  in  guard  against 
the  nations  of  the  West,  least  some  enemy  might  on  the 
sudden  and  at  unawares  breake  in  upon  them.  And  hee 
is  said  to  have  60000.  men  under  him. 

How  they  were  received  at   the  court  of 
Corrensa.      Chap.  21. 

BEing  come  therefore  unto  his  court,  hee  caused  our  tent 
to  bee  placed  farre  from  him,  and  sent  his  agents  to 
demaund  of  us  with  what  we  would  incline  unto  him,  that 
is  to  say,  what  giftes  we  would  offer,  in  doing  our  obeisance 
unto  him.  Unto  whome  wee  answered,  that  our  lord  the 
Pope  had  not  sent  any  giftes  at  all,  because  he  was  not 
certaine  that  wee  should  ever  bee  able  to  come  at  them  : 
for  we  passed  through  most  dangerous  places.  Notwith- 
standing, to  our  abilitie,  we  will  honour  him  with  some  part 
of  those  things,  which  have  bene,  by  the  goodnes  of  God, 
&  the  favour  of  the  Pope,  bestowed  upon  us  for  our  sus- 
tenance. Having  received  our  gifts,  they  conducted  us 
unto  the  Orda  or  tent  of  the  duke,  &  we  were  instructed 
to  bow  thrise  with  our  left  knee  before  the  doore  of  the 
tente,  and  in  any  case  to  beware,  lest  wee  set  our  foote 
upon  the  threshold  of  the  sayd  doore.  And  that  after  we 
were  entred,  wee  should  rehearse  before  the  duke  and  all 
his  nobles,  the  same  wordes,  which  wee  had  before  sayde, 
kneeling  upon  our  knees.  Then  presented  wee  the  letters 
of  our  lord  the  Pope  :  but  our  interpreter  whome  we  had 
hired  and  brought  with  us  from  Kiow  was  not  sufficiently 
able  to  interpret  them,  neither  was  there  any  other  esteemed 
to  bee  meete  for  the  same  purpose.  Here  certaine  poste 
horses  and  three  Tartars  were  appoynted  for  us  to  conduct 
us  from  hence  with  al  speede  unto  duke  Bathy.  This 
Bathy  is  the  mightiest  prince  among  them  except  the  Em- 
perour,  &  they  are  bound  to  obey  him  before  all  other 
princes.  We  began  our  journey  towards  his  court  the 
first  tuesday  in  Lent,  and  riding  as  fast  as  our  horses  could 
trot  (for  we  had  fresh  horses  almost  thrise  or  foure  times  a 
day)  we  posted  from  morning  till  night,  yea  very  often  in 

162 


JOHN    DE    PLANO    CARPINI  a.d. 

1246. 

the  night  season  also,  and  yet  could  we  not  come  at  him 
before    Maundie    thursday.     All    this    journey    we   went 
through  the  land  of  Comania,  which  is  al  plaine  ground, 
and   hath   foure  mighty  rivers  running  through   it  :   The 
first  is  called  J  Neper,  on  the  side  whereof  towards  Russia,   I  Borhthenes. 
duke  Corrensa  &  Montii  marched  up  and  downe,  which 
Montii  on  the  other  side  upon  the  plaines  is  greater  then 
he.     The  second  is  called  J  Don,  upon  the  banke  whereof  +  T^anais. 
marcheth  a  certain  prince  having  in  mariage  the  sister  of 
Baty,  his  name  is  Tirbon.     The  third   is  called   J  Volga,   X^ha. 
which  is  an  exceeding  great  river,  upon  the  bankes  whereof 
duke  Bathy  marcheth.     The  fourth  is  called  J  laec,  upon   XRhynmus. 
which  two  Millenaries  doe  march,  on  each  side  of  the  river 
one.     All  these,  in  the  winter  time,  descend  down  to  the 
sea,  &  in  summer  ascend  backe  by  the  bankes  of  the  said 
rivers  up  to  the  mountains.     The  sea  last  named   is  the 
II  Great  sea,  out  of  which  the  arme  of  S.  George  proceedeth,  II  Pontus 
which  runneth  by  Constantinople.    These  rivers  do  abound  ^^}^^^' . 
with  plenty  of  fishes,  but  especially  Volga,  &  they  exon-  ^^  ^/^^^-^      ' 
erate  themselves  into  the  Grecian  sea,  which  is  called  Mare   'Neper  13  Don 
major.     Over  Neper  we  went  many  daies  upon  the  ice.  run  into  Mare 
Along  the  shore  also  of  the  Grecian  sea  we  went  very  dan-  ^y^!*^ '\l^l  ^ 
gerously  upon  the  ice  in  sundry  places,  &  that   for  many  1^1  i^to  the 
daies  together.     For  about  the  shore  the  waters  are  frozen  Caspian  sea. 
three  leagues   into  the  sea.     But    before  we   came   unto 
Bathy,  two  of  our  Tartars  rode  afore,  to  give  him  intelli- 
gence of  all   the  sayings  which  we  had   uttered    in   the 
presence  of  Corrensa. 

How  we  were  received  at  the  court  of  the  great 
prince  Bathy.      Chap.   22. 

Moreover,  when  we  came  unto  Bathy  in  the  land  of 
Comania,  we  were  seated  a  good  league  distant  from 
his  tabernacles.     And  when  we  should  be  conducted  unto  A  ceremony 
his  court,  it  was  tolde  us  that  we  must  passe  between  two  of  passing  be- 
fires.     But  we  would  by  no  means  be  induced  thereunto.  ^'^'^^^^  ^^^^ 
Howbeit,  they   said    unto   us :    you  may  passe    through        * 
without  al  danger :   for  we  would  have  you  to  doe  it  for 

163 


A.D. 
1246. 


Eldegay. 


Bathy  heareth 
the  Legates. 


He  behaves 
himselfe  like 
a  king. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

none  other  cause,  but  only  that  if  you  intend  any  mischiefe 
against  our  lord,  or  bring  any  poyson  with  you,  fire  may 
take  away  all  evill.  Unto  whom  we  answered,  that  to  the 
end  we  might  cleare  ourselves  from  all  suspition  of  any 
such  matter,  we  were  contented  to  passe  through.  When 
therefore  we  were  come  unto  the  Orda,  being  demanded 
by  his  agent  Eldegay  with  what  present  or  gift  we  would 
do  our  obeisance  ?  Wee  gave  the  same  answere  which  we 
did  at  the  court  of  Corrensa.  The  gifts  being  given  and 
received,  the  causes  of  our  journey  also  being  heard,  they 
brought  us  into  the  tabernacle  of  the  prince,  first  bowing 
our  selves  at  the  doore,  &  being  admonished,  as  before, 
not  to  tread  upon  the  threshold.  And  being  entred,  we 
spake  unto  him  kneeling  upon  our  knees,  &  delivered 
him  our  letters,  and  requested  him  to  have  interpreters  to 
translate  them.  Who  accordingly  on  good  friday  were 
sent  unto  us,  and  we  together  with  them,  diligently 
translated  our  sayd  letters  into  the  Russian,  Tartarian,  and 
Saracen  languages.  This  interpretation  was  presented 
unto  Bathy,  which  he  read,  &  attentively  noted.  At 
length  wee  were  conducted  home  againe  unto  our  owne 
lodging,  howbeit  no  victuals  were  given  unto  us,  except  it 
were  once  a  litle  Millet  in  a  dich,  the  first  night  of  our 
comming.  This  Bathy  caries  himselfe  very  stately  & 
magnificently,  having  porters  and  all  officers  after  the 
maner  of  the  Emperour,  and  sittes  in  a  lofty  seate  or 
throne  together  with  one  of  his  wives.  The  rest,  namely, 
as  well  his  brethren  and  sonnes,  as  other  great  personages 
sit  underneath  him  in  the  midst  upon  a  bench,  and  others 
sit  downe  upon  the  ground,  behinde  him,  but  the  men  on 
the  right  hand  and  the  women  on  the  left.  He  hath  very 
faire  and  large  tentes  of  linnen  cloth  also,  which  were  once 
the  kings  of  Hungaria.  Neither  dare  any  man  come  into 
his  tent  (besides  them  of  his  owne  family)  unles  he  be 
called,  be  he  never  so  mighty  and  great,  except  perhaps  it 
be  knowen  that  it  is  his  pleasure.  Wee  also,  for  the  same 
cause,  sate  on  the  left  hand ;  for  so  doe  all  ambassadors  in 
but  in  returning  from  the  Emperour,  we  were 
164 


gouig 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  a.d.            j 

1 246.  j 

alwaies  placed  on  the  right  hand.     In  the  middest  stands  ^ 

his  table,  neare  unto  the  doore  of  the  tent,  upon  the  which  1 

there  is  drinke  filled  in  golden  and  silver  vessels.    Neither  "^^^'^^^  custome         1 
doth    Bathy  at    any  time   drinke,  nor   any  other   of  the  fj]lfj%^^        \ 

Tartarian  princes,  especially  being  in  a  publique  place,  but  muskke.                ^ 

they   have    singing    and    minstrilsie    before    them.      And  j 

alwaies,  when  hee  rides,  there  is  a  canopie  or  small  tent  | 

caried  over  his  head  upon  the  point  of  a  javeline.     And  so  i 

doe  all  the  great  princes  of  the  Tartars,  &  their  wives  also.  j 
The  sayd  Bathy  is  courteous  enough  unto  his  owne  men, 

and  yet  is  hee  had  in  great  awe  by  them  :  he  is  most  cruel  j 
in  fight :  he  is  exceedingly  prudent  and  politique  in  warre, 

because  he  hath   now  continued  a  long  time  in  martiall  \ 

affaires.  ' 

How  departing  from   Bathy,  they  passed   through  [I.  (i^.'l             \ 
the    land    of   Comania,   and    of  the    Kangittas. 
Chap.   23. 

Moreover,  upon  Easter  even  we  were  called  unto  the  j 

tent,  and  there  came  forth  to  meete  us  the  foresaid  \ 

agent  of  Bathy,   saying  on  his  masters  behalfe,   that   we  i 

should   go    into   their   land,    unto   the    Emperor    Cuyne,  \ 

deteining  certaine  of  our  company  with  this  pretence,  that  ) 

they  would  send  them  backe  unto  the  Pope,  to  whom  we  ! 
gave  letters  of  al  our  affaires  to  deliver  unto  him.     But 

being  come  as  farre  as  duke  Montii  aforesaid,  there  they  ^ hey  travelled       ; 

were  kept  untill  our  returne.     Upon  Easter  day,  having  P^^^fr^^             j 

said   our   praiers,  and   taken   a   slender   breakfast,  in   the  ^^^"^22  ofJuh       ^ 

company  of  two  Tartars,  which  were  assigned  unto  us  by  Eastward  of         \ 

Corensa    we    departed    with    many    teares,    not    knowing  Volga.                 \ 

whether  we  went  to  death  or  to  life.     And  we  were  so  i 

feeble  in  bodie,  that  we  were  scarce  able  to  ride.     For  all  j 

that  Lent  through,  our  meat  was  Millet  onely  with  a  little  \ 

water    and    salte.     And   so    likewise    upon   other    fasting  \ 

dayes.      Neither    had    we    ought    to    drinke,    but    snowe  j 

melted  in  a  skillet.     And    passing  through    Comania  we  ) 

rode  most  earnestly,  having  change  of  horses  five  times  or  i 

oftener  in  a  day,  except  when  we  went  through  deserts,  for  ;; 

165  ! 


A.D. 
1246. 


A  description 
of  Comania. 


The  North 
Ocean. 


The  land  of  the 
Kangittce. 


Jeroslaus  duke 
of  Russia. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

then  we  were  allowed  better  and  stronger  horses,  which 
could  undergoe  the  whole  labour.  And  thus  farre  had  we 
travailed  from  the  beginning  of  Lent  untill  eight  dayes 
after  Easter.  The  land  of  Comania  on  the  North  side 
immediately  after  Russia,  hath  the  people  called  Morduyni 
Byleri,  that  is,  Bulgaria  magna,  the  Bastarci,  that  is, 
Hungaria  magna,  next  unto  the  Bastarci,  the  Parositae  and 
the  Samogetas.  Next  unto  the  Samogetae  are  those  people 
which  are  sayd  to  have  dogges  faces,  inhabiting  upon  the 
desert  shores  of  the  Ocean.  On  the  South  side  it  hath  the 
Alani,  the  Circassi,  the  Gazari,  Greece  and  Constantinople  ; 
also  the  land  of  Iberia,  the  Cathes,  the  Brutaches  who  are 
said  to  be  Jewes  shaving  their  heads  all  over,  the  landes 
also  of  Scythia,  of  Georgia,  of  Armenia,  of  Turkie.  On 
the  West  side  it  hath  Hungaria,  and  Russia.  Also 
Comania  is  a  most  large  and  long  countrey.  The  inhabi- 
tantes  whereof  called  Comani  the  Tartars  slewe,  some 
notwithstanding  fled  from  them,  and  the  rest  were  sub- 
dued under  their  bondage.  But  most  of  them  that  fled 
are  returned  againe.  Afterward  wee  entred  the  iande  of 
the  Kangittae,  which  in  many  places  hath  great  scarcetie  of 
waters,  wherin  there  are  but  fewe  inhabitants  by  reason 
of  the  foresayd  defect  of  water.  For  this  cause  divers 
of  the  servants  of  Jeroslaus  duke  of  Russia,  as  they  were 
traveiling  towards  him  into  the  land  of  Tartaria,  died  for 
thirst,  in  that  desert.  As  before  in  Comania,  so  likewise 
in  this  countrey,  wee  found  many  skulles  and  bones  of 
dead  men  lying  upon  the  earth  like  a  dunghill.  Through 
this  countrey  we  were  traveiling  from  the  eight  day  after 
Easter  untill  Ascension  day.  The  inhabitants  therof  were 
Pagans,  and  neither  they  nor  the  Comanians  used  to  till 
the  ground,  but  lived  onely  upon  cattell,  neither  built  they 
any  houses  but  dwelled  in  tents.  These  men  also  have 
the  Tartars  rooted  out,  and  doe  possesse  and  inhabite  their 
countrey,  howbeit,  those  that  remained  are  reduced  into 
their  bondage. 


166 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINl  a.d. 

1 246. 

How   they  came   unto   the  first  court   of  the  new 
Emperour.      Chap.   24. 

Moreover,  out  of  the  land  of  the  Kangittae,  we  entered  Thelandofthe 
into  the  countrey  of  ye  Bisermini,  who  speake  the  Btsermim. 
language  of  Comania,  but  observe  the  law  of  the  Saracens. 
In  this  countrey  we  found  innumerable  cities  with  castles 
ruined,   &  many  towns   left  desolate.     The   lord  of  this 
country  was  called  Soldan  Alti,  who  with  al  his  progenie,  A  hi  Soldanus. 
was  destroyed  by  the  Tartars.     This  country  hath  most 
huge  mountains.     On  the  South  side  it  hath  Jerusalem  Huge  moun- 
and  Baldach,  and  all  the  whole  countrey  of  the  Saracens.  ^^^'^^•^• 
In  the  next  territories  adjoyning  doe  inhabite  two  carnall 
brothers  dukes  of  the  Tartars,  namely.  Burin  and  Cadan,  ^^^'^^  ^^'-^ 
the  sonnes  of  Thyaday,  who  was  the  sonne   of  Chingis        ^^' 
Can.     On  the  North  side  thereof  it  hath  the  land  of  the 
blacke  Kythayans,  and  the  Ocean.     In  the  same  countrie  The  North 
Syban   the   brother   of  Bathy   remaineth.     Through    this  ^^^f^' 
countrie  we  were  traveiling  from  the  feast  of  Ascension,  un^J^Bath 
until  eight  daies  before  the  feast  of  S.  John  Baptist.     And 
then  we  entred  into  the  land  of  the  blacke  Kythayans,  in   ^^'^  ^^^^^' 
which  the  Emperour  built  an  house,  where  we  were  called     -^   ^^j^^^' 
in  to  drinke.     Also  the  Emperours  deputy  in  that  place 
caused  the  chiefe  men  of  the  citie  and  his  two  sonnes  to 
daunce  before  us.     Departing  from  hence,  wee  founde  a 
certaine  small  sea,  upon  the  shore  whereof  stands  a  little  A  small  sea, 
mountaine.     In  which  mountaine  is  reported  to  be  a  hole, 
from  whence,  in  winter  time  such  vehement  tempests  of 
winds  doe  issue,  that  traveilers  can  scarcely,  and  with  great 
danger   passe   by   the   same  way.      In   summer  time,  the 
noise  in  deede  of  the  winde  is  heard  there,  but  it  pro- 
ceedeth  gently  out  of  the  hole.     Along  the  shores  of  the 
foresaid  sea  we  travailed  for  the  space  of  many  dayes,  which  Many  dayes. 
although  it  bee  not  very  great,  yet  hath  it  many  islandes, 
and  wee  passed  by  leaving  it  on  our  left  hande.      In  this 
lande  dwelleth  Ordu,  whome  wee  sayde  to  bee  auncient  Orducap.ii. 
unto   all   the   Tartarian  dukes.     And   it   is  the  Orda   or 
court  of  his  father  which  hee  inhabiteth,  and  one  of  his 

167 


A.D. 

1246. 
[I.    67.] 


The  first 
court  of  the 
Emperour. 


The  land  of 
Naymani. 


The  22.  of 
July. 


THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

wives  beareth  rule  there.  For  it  is  a  custome  among  the 
Tartars,  that  the  Courts  of  Princes  or  of  noble  men  are 
not  dissolved,  but  alwayes  some  women  are  appointed  to 
keepe  and  governe  them,  upon  whom  certain  gifts  are 
bestowed,  in  like  sort  as  they  are  given  unto  their  Lords. 
And  so  at  length  we  arrived  at  the  first  court  of  the 
Emperour,  wherein  one  of  his  wives  dwelt. 

Howe  they  came  unto  Cuyne  himselfe,  who  was 
forthwith    to    be    chosen    Emperour.       Chap. 

25- 

BUt  because  we  had  not  as  yet  seene  the  Emperour, 
they  would  not  invite  us  nor  admit  us  into  his  Orda, 
but  caused  good  attendance  and  entertainement,  after  the 
Tartars  fashion,  to  be  given  unto  us  in  our  owne  tent, 
and  they  caused  us  to  stay  there,  and  to  refresh  our  selves 
with  them  one  day.  Departing  thence  upon  the  even  of 
Saint  Peter  and  Saint  Paul,  wee  entered  into  the  land  of 
the  Naymani,  who  are  Pagans.  But  upon  the  very  feast 
day  of  the  saide  Apostles,  there  fel  a  mightie  snowe  in  that 
place,  and  wee  had  extreame  colde  weather.  This  lande  is 
full  of  mountaines,  and  colde  beyonde  measure,  and  there 
is  little  plaine  ground  to  bee  seene.  These  two  nations 
last  mentioned  used  not  to  till  their  grounde,  but,  like 
unto  the  Tartars,  dwelt  in  tents,  which  the  sayde  Tartars 
had  destroyed.  Through  this  countrey  wee  were  travail- 
ing manie  dayes.  Then  entered  wee  into  the  lande  of  the 
Mongals,  whome  wee  call  Tartars.  Through  the  Tartars 
lande  wee  continued  our  travaile  (as  wee  suppose)  for  the 
space  of  some  three  weekes,  riding  alwayes  hastily  and 
with  speede,  and  upon  the  day  of  Marie  Magdalene  we 
arrived  at  the  court  of  Cuyne  the  Emperour  elect.  But 
therefore  did  we  make  great  haste  all  this  way,  because  our 
Tartarian  guides  were  straightly  commaunded  to  bring  us 
unto  the  court  Imperiall  with  all  speede,  which  court  hath 
beene  these  many  yeeres,  ordained  for  the  election  of  the 
Emperour.  Wherefore  rising  earely,  wee  travailed  untill 
night  without   eating   of  any   thing,  and   oftentimes  wee 

168 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI 

came  so  late  unto  our  lodging,  that  we  had  no  time  to  eate 
the  same  night,  but  that  which  we  should  have  eaten  over 
night,  was  given  us  in  the  morning.  And  often  changing 
our  horses,  wee  spared  no  Horse-fleshe,  but  rode  swiftly 
and  without  intermission,  as  fast  as  our  horses  could  trot. 

How  Cuyne  enterteined  the  Minorite  Friers. 
Chap.   26. 

BUt  when  wee  were  come  unto  the  court  of  Cuyne,  hee 
caused  (after  the  Tartars  manner)  a  Tent  and  all 
expenses  necessarie  to  bee  provided  for  us.  And  his 
people  entreated  us  with  more  regarde  and  courtesie,  then 
they  did  anie  other  Ambassadours.  Howbeeit  wee  were 
not  called  before  his  presence,  because  hee  was  not  as  yet 
elected,  nor  admitted  unto  his  empire.  Notwithstanding, 
the  interpretation  of  the  Popes  letters,  and  the  message 
which  we  delivered,  were  sent  unto  him  by  the  foresaid 
Bathy.  And  having  stayed  there  five  or  sixe  dayes,  hee 
sent  us  unto  his  mother,  under  whome  there  was  main- 
teyned  a  verie  solemne  and  royall  court.  And  being 
come  thither,  we  saw  an  huge  tent  of  fine  white  cloth 
pitched,  which  was,  to  our  judgement,  of  so  great  quantitie, 
that  more  then  two  thousand  men  might  stand  within 
it,  and  round  about  it  there  was  a  wall  of  planks  set  up, 
painted  with  divers  images.  Wee  therefore  with  our 
Tartars  assigned  to  attende  upon  us,  tooke  our  journey 
thither,  and  there  were  all  the  Dukes  assembled,  eche  one 
of  them  riding  up  and  downe  with  his  traine  over  the 
hilles  and  dales.  The  first  day  they  were  all  clad  in  white, 
but  the  second  in  skarlet  robes.  Then  came  Cuyne  unto 
the  saide  tent.  Moreover,  the  third  day  they  were  all  in 
blew  robes,  and  the  fourth  in  most  rich  robes  of  Baldakin 
cloth.  In  the  wall  of  boardes,  about  the  tent  aforesaid, 
were  two  great  gates,  by  one  of  the  which  gates,  the 
Emperour  only  was  to  enter,  and  at  that  gate  there  was  no 
gard  of  men  appointed  to  stand,  although  it  stood  con- 
tinually open,  because  none  durst  go  in  or  come  out  the 
same  way  :  all  that  were  admitted,  entred  by  another  gate, 

169 


A.D. 

1246. 


The  curtesie  of 
Cuyne  tozuards 
Ambassadors. 


The  tent  roial. 


A  generall 
Gssemblie. 


A.D. 

1246. 


The  banquet  of 
the  'Nobles. 


[I.  68.] 
JeroslausDuke 
of  Susdal. 


Ambassadors 
of  sundry  na- 
tions. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

at  which  there  stood  watchmen,  with  bowes,  swords,  & 
arrowes.  And  whosoever  approched  unto  the  tent  beyond 
the  bounds  and  limit  assigned,  being  caught,  was  beaten, 
but  if  he  fled,  he  was  shot  at  with  arrowes  or  iron.  There 
were  many  that  to  our  judgement,  had  upon  their  bridles, 
trappers,  saddles,  and  such  like  furniture,  to  the  value  of 
20.  markes  in  pure  gold.  The  foresaid  Dukes  (as  we 
thinke)  communed  together  within  the  tent,  and  consulted 
about  the  election  of  their  Emperor.  But  all  the  residue 
of  the  people  were  placed  farre  away  without  the  walles  of 
board,  &  in  this  maner  they  staied  almost  til  noone. 
Then  began  they  to  drink  mares  milk,  &  so  continued 
drinking  til  even  tide,  and  that  in  so  great  quantity,  as  it 
was  wonderfull.  And  they  called  us  in  unto  them,  and 
gave  us  of  their  ale,  because  we  could  not  drink  their 
mares  milke.  And  this  they  did  unto  us  in  token  of 
great  honor.  But  they  compelled  us  to  drink  so  much, 
that  in  regard  of  our  customary  diet,  wee  coulde  by  no 
means  endure  it.  Whereupon,  giving  them  to  under- 
stand, that  it  was  hurtful  unto  us,  they  ceassed  to  compel 
us  any  more.  Without  the  doore  stoode  Duke  Jeroslaus 
of  Susdal,  in  Russia,  and  a  great  many  Dukes  of  the 
Kythayans,  and  of  the  Solangi.  The  two  sonnes  also  of 
the  king  of  Georgia,  the  ligier  of  the  Caliph  of  Baldach, 
who  was  a  Soldan,  and  (as  we  thinke)  above  ten  Soldans 
of  the  Saracens  beside.  And,  as  it  was  tolde  us  by  the 
agents,  there  were  more  then  4000.  ambassadors,  partly 
of  such  as  paide  tributes,  and  such  as  presented  gifts, 
and  other  Soldans,  and  Dukes,  which  came  to  yeeld 
themselves,  and  such  as  the  Tartars  had  sent  for, 
and  such  as  were  governours  of  lands.  All  these  were 
placed  without  the  lists,  and  had  drinke  given  unto  them. 
But  almost  continually  they  all  of  them  gave  us  and 
Duke  Jeroslaus  the  upper  hand,  when  we  were  abroad 
in  their  companie. 


170 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI 


A.D. 

1246. 


Thebe^nnings 

of  Cuyne  his 
empire. 


The  golden 
Orda. 

The  15.  oj 

August. 


How  he  was  exalted  to  his  Empire.      Chap.  27. 

ANd  to  our  remembrance,  we  remained  there,  about 
the  space  of  foure  weekes.  The  election  was  to  our 
thinking  there  celebrated,  but  it  was  not  published  and 
proclaimed  there.  And  it  was  greatly  suspected  so  to  be, 
because  alwayes  when  Cuyne  came  forth  out  of  the  tent, 
he  had  a  noyse  of  musicke,  and  was  bowed  unto,  or 
honoured  with  faire  wands,  having  purple  wooll  upon  the 
tops  of  them,  and  that,  so  long  as  he  remained  abroad : 
which  service  was  performed  to  none  of  the  other  Dukes. 
The  foresaid  tent  or  court  is  called  by  them  Syra  Orda.  ^yra  Orda. 
Departing  thence,  wee  all  with  one  accord  rode  3.  or  4. 
leagues  unto  another  place,  where,  in  a  goodly  plaine,  by  a 
rivers  side,  betweene  certaine  mountaines,  there  was  another 
tent  erected,  which  was  called  the  golden  Orda.  For 
there  was  Cuyne  to  be  placed  in  the  throne  Emperiall, 
upon  the  day  of  the  Assumption  of  our  Ladie.  But,  for 
the  abundance  of  haile  which  fell  at  the  same  time,  as  is 
above  said,  the  matter  was  deferred.  There  was  also  a 
tent  erected  upon  pillars,  which  were  covered  with  plates 
of  golde,  and  were  joyned  unto  other  timber  with  golden 
nailes.  It  was  covered  above  with  Baldakin  cloth,  but  Wollen  cloth. 
there  was  other  cloth  spread  over  that,  next  unto  the  ayre. 
Wee  abode  there  unto  the  feast  of  Saint  Bartholomew, 
what  time  there  was  assembled  an  huge  multitude  stand- 
ing with  their  faces  towards  the  South.  And  a  certaine 
number  of  them  beeing  a  stones  cast  distant  from  the 
residue,  making  continuall  prayers,  and  kneeling  upon 
their  knees,  proceeded  farther  and  farther  towards  the 
South.  Howbeit  wee,  not  knowing  whether  they  used 
inchantments,  or  whether  they  bowed  their  knees  to  God 
or  to  some  other,  woulde  not  kneele  upon  the  grounde  with 
them.  And  having  done  so  a  long  time,  they  returned  to 
the  tent,  and  placed  Cuyne  in  his  throne  imperiall,  and 
his  Dukes  bowed  their  knees  before  him.  Afterwarde 
the  whole  multitude  kneeled  downe  in  like  maner,  except 
our  selves,  for  wee  were  none  of  his  subjects. 

171 


A.D. 

1246. 


His  incHna- 
tion  to 
Christianitie. 


His  majestie. 


A  lawlesse 
authoritie. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


Of  his  age  and  demeanour,  and  of  his  seale. 
Chap.   28. 

THis  Emperour,  when  hee  was  exalted  unto  his  govern- 
ment, seemed  to  bee  about  the  age  of  fourty  or 
fourty  five  yeeres.  He  was  of  a  meane  stature,  very  wise 
and  poHtike,  and  passing  serious  and  grave  in  all  his 
demeanour.  A  rare  thing  it  was,  for  a  man  to  see  him 
laugh  or  behave  himselfe  lightly,  as  those  Christians 
report,  which  abode  continually  with  him.  Certaine  Chris- 
tians of  his  familie  earnestly  and  strongly  affirmed  unto 
us,  that  he  himselfe  was  about  to  become  a  Christian. 
A  token  and  argument  whereof  was,  that  hee  reteined 
divers  Cleargie  men  of  the  Christians.  Hee  had  likewise 
at  all  times  a  Chappell  of  Christians,  neere  unto  his  great 
Tent,  where  the  Clearkes  (like  unto  other  Christians,  and 
according  to  the  custome  of  the  Graecians)  doe  sing 
publiquely  and  openly,  and  ring  belles  at  certaine  houres, 
bee  there  never  so  great  a  multitude  of  Tartars,  or  of 
other  people  in  presence.  And  yet  none  of  their  Dukes 
doe  the  like.  It  is  the  manner  of  the  Emperour  never 
to  talke  his  owne  selfe  with  a  stranger,  though  he  be 
never  so  great,  but  heareth  and  answeareth  by  a  speaker. 
And  when  any  of  his  subjects  (howe  great  soever  they 
bee)  are  in  propounding  anie  matter  of  importaunce  unto 
him,  or  in  hearing  his  answeare,  they  continue  kneeling 
upon  their  knees  unto  the  ende  of  their  conference. 
Neither  is  it  lawfull  for  any  man  to  speake  of  any  affaires, 
after  they  have  beene  determined  of  by  the  Emperour. 
The  sayde  Emperour,  hath  in  his  affaires  both  publike 
and  private,  an  Agent,  and  Secretary  of  estate,  with  Scribes 
and  all  other  Officials,  except  advocates.  For,  without 
the  noyse  of  pleading,  or  sentence  giving,  all  things  are 
done  according  to  the  Emperours  will  and  pleasure. 
Other  Tartarian  princes  do  the  like  in  those  things  which 
belong  unto  them.  But,  be  it  known  unto  al  men,  that 
whilest  we  remained  at  the  said  Emperors  court,  which 
hath  bin  ordained  and  kept  for  these  many  yeeres,  the 

172 


JOHN   DE    PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246.  j 

saide   Cuyne    being    Emperor    new    elect,    together  with  \ 

al  his  princes,  erected  a  flag  of  defiance  against  the  Church  \ 

of  God,  &  the  Romane  empire,  and  against  al  Christian  W^rre  in-             \ 

kingdomes  and  nations  of  the  West,  unlesse  peradventure  ^^I'^^.i  agmmt         ■ 

(which    God    forbid)    they    will    condescend    unto     those  ry   ^    i                 ; 

things,  which   he  hath   injoined  unto  our  lord  the  Pope,  '■  '      '^                j 

&  to  all  potentates  and  people  of  the  Christians,  namely,  j 

that    they  wil  become  obedient  unto  him.     For,  except  | 

Christendom,  there  is  no  land  under  heaven,  which  they  ! 

stand  in  feare  of,  and  for  that  cause  they  prepare  them-  ! 

selves  to  battel  against  us.     This  Emperors  father,  namely  j 

Occoday  was  poisoned  to  death,  which  is  the  cause  why  ' 

they  have  for  a  short  space  absteined  from  warre.     But  ^ 

their  intent  and  purpose  is  (as  I  have  above  said)  to  subdue  \ 

the  whole  world  unto  themselves,  as  they  were  commanded  ' 

by  Chingis  Can.     Hence  it  is  that  the  Emperor  in  his  ' 
letters  writeth  after  this  maner  :    The  power  of  God,  & 
Emperour  of  all  men.     Also,  upon  his  seale,  there  is  this 

posie  ingraven  :  God  in  heaven,  and  Cuyne  Can  upon  earth,  j 

the  power  of  God  :  the  seale  of  the  Emperour  of  all  men.  \ 

Of  the  admission  of  the  Friers  and  Ambassadours  \ 
unto  the  Emperour.      Chap.   29. 

IN  the  same  place  where  the  Emperour  was  established  Cuyne heareth 

into  his  throne,  we  were  summoned  before  him.     And  ^he  Legates. 
Chingay   his   chiefe   secretary   having  written  downe   our 

names,  and  the  names   of  them   that   sent   us,   with   the  I 
name  of  the  Duke  of  Solangi,  &  of  others,  cried  out  with 

a    loude    voice,    rehearsing    the    said    names     before     the  1 

Emperour,    and    the    assembly    of  his    Dukes.      Which  \ 
beeing  done,  ech   one   of  us  bowed  his   left   knee  foure 

times,  &  they  gave  us  warning  not  to  touch  the  threshold.  j 

And  after  they  had  searched  us  most  diligently  for  knives,  j 

and   could   not  find  any  about  us,  we   entred   in   at   the  ; 

doore  upon  the  East  side  :  because  no  man  dare  presume  ; 
to  enter  at  the   West  doore,   but   the  Emperour  onely. 

In  like  maner,  every  Tartarian  Duke  entreth  on  the  West  \ 

side  into  his  tent.     Howbeit  the  inferiour  sort  doe   not  \ 

173 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1246. 

greatly  regard  such  ceremonies.  This  therefore  was  the 
first  time,  when  we  entred  into  the  Emperours  tent  in  his 
presence,  after  he  was  created  Emperour.  Likewise  all 
other  ambassadours  were  there  received  by  him,  but  very 
fewe  were  admitted  into  his  tent.  And  there  were  pre- 
Gifts  presen-  sented  unto  him  such  abundance  of  gifts  by  the  saide 
ted  unto  him.  Ambassadours,  that  they  seemed  to  be  infinite,  namely  in 
Samites,  robes  of  purple,  and  of  Baldakin  cloth,  silke 
girdles  wrought  with  golde,  and  costly  skinnes,  with  other 
gifts  also.  Likewise  there  was  a  certaine  Sun  Canopie,  or 
small  tent  (which  was  to  bee  caried  over  the  Emperours 
head)  presented  unto  him,  being  set  full  of  precious 
stones.  And  a  governour  of  one  Province  brought  unto 
him  a  companie  of  camels  covered  with  Baldakins.  They 
had  saddles  also  upon  their  backs,  with  certaine  other 
instruments,  within  the  which  were  places  for  men  to  sitte 
upon.  Also  they  brought  many  horses  &  mules  unto 
him  furnished  w'  trappers  and  caparisons,  some  being 
made  of  leather,  and  some  of  iron.  And  we  were 
demanded  whether  we  would  bestow  any  gifts  upon 
him  or  no  }  But  wee  were  not  of  abilitie  so  to  doe, 
having  in  a  maner  spent  all  our  provision.  There  were 
also  upon  an  hill  standing  a  good  distance  from  the  tents, 
500.  Carts ful  more  then  500.  carts,  which  were  all  ful  of  silver  and  of 
of  treasure.  gold,  and  silke  garments.  And  they  were  all  divided  be- 
tweene  the  Emperour  and  his  Dukes,  and  every  Duke 
bestowed  upon  his  owne  followers  what  pleased  him. 

Of  the  place  where  the  Emperor  and  his  mother 
tooke  their  leaves  one  of  another,  and  of 
Jeroslaus  Duke  of  Russia.      Chap.   30. 

J  tent  of        T^Eparting  thence,  we  came  unto  another  place,  where 
purple.  \^  ^  wonderfull  brave  tent,  all  of  red  purple,  given  by 

the  Kythayans,  was  pitched.  Wee  were  admitted  into 
that  also,  and  alwaies  when  we  entred,  there  was  given 
unto  us  ale  and  wine  to  drinke,  &  sodden  flesh  (when  we 
would)  to  eate.  There  was  also  a  loftie  stage  built  of 
boords,  where  the  Emperours  throne  was  placed,   being 

174 


JOHN   DE   PLANO   CARPINI  a.d.           ; 

1 246. 

very  curiously  wrought  out  of  ivorie,  wherein  also  there  ^  throne  of 

was  golde    and   precious  stones,   and   (as   we   remember)  ^^'^^^^-                j 

there  were    certain   degrees  or  staires  to  ascend  unto  it.  j 

And   it   was  round   upon  the  top.     There  were  benches  j 

placed   about   the   saide  throne,  whereon   the   ladies   sate  ': 

towarde   the   left   hand   of  the   Emperour   upon   stooles,  ; 

(but  none  sate  aloft  on  the  right  hande)  and  the  Dukes  ] 

sate   upon   benches   below,  the   said   throne  being   in    the  ■ 

midst.      Certaine   others    sate    behinde    the    Dukes,   and  ; 
every  day  there  resorted  great  companie  of  Ladies  thither. 

The    three    tents    whereof  we    spake    before,   were   very  J 
large,  but  the   Emperour  his  wives  had  other  great  and 

faire  tentes  made  of  white  felt.     This  was  the  place  where  j 

the  Emperour  parted  companie  with  his  mother  :   for  she  , 

went  into  one  part  of  the  land,  and  the  Emperour  into  j 

another  to  execute  justice.     For  there  was  taken  a  certaine  ^ 
Concubine   of  this   Emperour,   which   had  poysoned   his 

father  to  death,  at  the  same  time  when  the  Tartars  armie  j 

was   in  Hungarie,   which,    for   the    same  cause    returned  j 

home.     Moreover,  upon  the    foresaide    Concubine,  and  T^he  death  of        j 

many  other  of  her  confederats  sentence  of  judgement  was  ^'^'^^^^y  ^^-          j 

pronounced,  and    they  were  put  to  death.     At  the  same  ''^^^^  '                ' 

time  Jeroslaus  the  great  Duke  of  Soldal,  which  is  a  part  q^  Susdal 

of  Russia,  deceased.     For  being  (as  it  were  for  honours  [1/70.]    '           : 

sake)   invited   to   eate    and    drink    with    the    Emperours  ; 

mother,    and    immediatly    after     the    banquet,    returning  \ 

unto  his  lodging,  he  fel  sicke,  and  within  seven  dayes,  j 

died.     And  after  his   death,  his  body  was   of  a  strange  ) 

blew  colour,   and   it   was    commonly   reported,    that    the  \ 

said  Duke  was  poisoned,  to  the  ende   that  the  Tartars  ) 

might  freely  and  totally  possesse  his  Dukedome.  • 

\ 

How  the  Friers  comming  at  length  unto  the  j 

Emperour,  gave,  and  received  letters.  ', 

Chap.  31 


TO    be    short,    the    Tartars    brought    us    unto     their  Cuyne  dissem- 

Emperor,  who   when    he   had   heard   of  them,   that  ^^^^^  ^^^^  ^^^ 

we  were    come   unto   him,  commanded   that   we    should  ^^^^^^' 

175 


A.D. 

1246. 


Cosmas 
a  Russian. 


The  message 
ofChingay. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

return,  unto  his  mother.  For  he  was  determined  the 
next  day,  (as  it  is  abovesaid)  to  set  up  a  flag  of  defiance 
against  al  ye  countreis  of  the  West,  which  he  would  have 
us  in  no  case  to  know.  Wherefore  returning,  we  staied 
some  few  dayes  with  his  mother,  and  so  returned  backe 
again  unto  him.  With  whom  we  continued  for  the 
space  of  one  whole  moneth  in  such  extreme  hunger  and 
thirst,  that  we  could  scarce  hold  life  and  soule  together. 
For  the  provision  allowed  us  for  foure  dayes,  was  scantly 
sufficient  for  one  day.  Neither  could  we  buy  us  any 
sustenance,  because  the  market  was  too  farre  off.  How- 
beit  the  Lorde  provided  for  us  a  Russian  goldsmith, 
named  Cosmas,  who  being  greatly  in  the  Emperours 
favour,  procured  us  some  sustenance.  This  man  shewed 
unto  us  the  throne  of  the  Emperour,  which  hee  had 
made,  before  it  was  set  in  the  proper  place,  and  his  seale, 
which  he  also  had  framed.  Afterward  the  Emperor  sent 
for  us,  giving  us  to  understand  by  Chingay  his  chief 
Secretary,  that  wee  should  write  downe  our  messages  & 
affaires,  and  should  deliver  them  unto  him.  Which 
thing  we  performed  accordingly.  After  many  daies  he 
called  for  us  againe,  demanding  whether  there  were  any 
with  our  Lord  the  Pope,  which  understood  the  Russian, 
the  Sarracen,  or  the  Tartarian  language  ?  To  whom  we 
answered,  that  we  had  none  of  those  letters  or  languages. 
Howbeit,  that  there  were  certaine  Saracens  in  the  land, 
but  inhabiting  a  great  distance  from  our  Lord  the  Pope. 
And  wee  saide,  that  wee  thought  it  most  expedient,  that 
when  they  had  written  their  mindes  in  the  Tartarian 
language,  and  had  interpreted  the  meaning  therof  unto 
us,  we  should  diligently  translate  it  into  our  own  tongue, 
and  so  deliver  both  the  letter  and  the  translation  thereof 
unto  our  Lord  the  Pope.  Then  departed  they  from  us, 
and  went  unto  the  Emperour.  And  after  the  day  of 
S.  Martine,  we  were  called  for  againe.  Then  Kadac 
principal  agent  for  the  whole  empire,  and  Chingay,  and 
Bala,  with  divers  other  Scribes,  came  unto  us,  and  in- 
terpreted the  letter  word  for  word.     And  having  written 

176 


are  loath  to  \ 


JOHN   DE   PLANO    CARPINI  ad. 

1246. 
it  in  Latine,  they  caused  us  to  interprete  unto  them  eche 
sentence,  to  wit  if  we  had  erred  in  any  word.  And  when 
both  letters  were  written,  they  made  us  to  reade  them 
over  twise  more,  least  we  should  have  mistaken  ought. 
For  they  said  unto  us  :  Take  heed  that  ye  understand 
all  things  throughly,  for  if  you  should  not  understand  the 
whole  matter  aright,  it  might  breed  some  inconvenience. 
They  wrote  the  said  letters  also  in  the  Saracen  tongue, 
that  there  might  be  some  found  in  our  dominions  which 
could  reade  and  interprete  them,  if  need  should  require. 

Hov^  they  were  licensed  to  depart.      Chap.    32. 

ANd  (as  our  Tartars  told  us)  the  Emperour  was  pur-   ^^^  Legates 
posed  to  send  his  ambassadors  with  us.     Howbeit,  ^^^ ^^°^^  ^ 
he  was  desirous  (as  we  thought)  that  we  our  selves  should  bassadours  • 

crave  that  favour  at  his  hands.     And  when  one  of  our  sent  from  the  \ 

Tartars  being  an  ancient  man,  exhorted  us  to  make  the  said  Tartars  to  the         j 
petition,  we  thought  it  not  good  for  us,  that  the  Emperor  ^^^^^^^^'^^-  \ 

should  send  his  ambassadours.     Wherfore  we  gave  him  < 

answere,  that  it  was  not  for  us  to  make  any  such  petition, 
but  if  it  pleased  the  Emperour  of  his  owne  accord  to  send  I 

them,    we    would    diligently    (by    Gods    assistance)     see  i 

them  conducted  in  safetie.  Howbeit,  we  thought  it 
expedient  for  us,  that  they  should  not  goe,  and  that  for  i 

divers  causes.  First,  because  we  feared,  least  they,  seeing 
the  dissentions  and  warres  which  are  among  us,  should  be  \ 

the  more  encouraged  to  make  warre  against  us.     Secondly,  j 

we  feared,  that  they  would  be  insteade  of  spies  and  intelli-  ■ 

gencers  in  our  dominions.     Thirdly,  we  misdoubted  that  , 

they  would  be  slaine  by  the  way.  For  our  nations  be 
arrogant  and  proud.  For  when  as  those  servants  (which 
at  the  request  of  the  Cardinall,  attended  upon  us,  namely  : 

the  legates  of  Almaine)  returned  unto  him  in  the  Tartars 
attire,  they  were  almost  stoned  in  the  way,  by  the  Dutch, 
and  were  compelled  to  put  off  those  garments.     And  it  is  • 

the  Tartars  custome,  never  to  bee  reconciled  unto  such  as 
have  slaine  their  Ambassadours,  till  they  have  revenged  ^ 

themselves.     Fourthly,  least  they  should  bee  taken  from  us  \ 

I  177  M  ' 


A.D. 

1246. 


[I.    71.] 

November  13. 


They  are  re- 
warded with 
gifts. 


The  sore  jour- 
neys of  the  Le- 
gates in  re- 
turning. 


Bathy. 


Corrensa. 


THE    ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

by  mayne  force.  Fiftly,  because  there  could  come  no 
good  by  their  ambassade,  for  they  were  to  have  none  other 
commission,  or  authoritie,  but  onely  to  deliver  their 
Emperours  letter  unto  the  Pope,  and  to  the  Princes  of 
Christendome,  which  very  same  letters  wee  our  selves  had, 
and  we  knew  right  well,  that  much  harme  might  ensue 
thereof.  Wherefore,  the  third  day  after  this,  namely, 
upon  the  feast  of  Saint  Brice,  they  gave  us  our  passe-port 
and  a  Letter  sealed  with  the  Emperours  owne  scale, 
sending  us  unto  the  Emperours  mother,  who  gave  unto 
eche  of  us  a  gowne  made  of  Foxe-skinnes,  with  the  furre 
on  the  outside,  and  a  piece  of  purple.  And  our  Tartars 
stole  a  yarde  out  of  every  one  of  them.  And  out  of  that 
which  was  given  unto  our  servant,  they  stole  the  better 
halfe.  Which  false  dealing  of  theirs,  we  knew  well 
inough,  but  would  make  no  words  thereof. 

Hov^r  they  returned  homewards.      Chap.    33. 

THen  taking  our  journey  to  returne,  we  travailed  all 
Winter  long,  lying  in  the  deserts  oftentimes  upon 
the  snow,  except  with  our  feete  wee  made  a  piece  of 
ground  bare  to  lye  upon.  For  there  were  no  trees,  but 
the  plaine  champion  field.  And  oftentimes  in  the 
morning,  we  found  our  selves  all  covered  with  snow 
driven  over  us  by  the  winde.  And  so  travailing  till  the 
feast  of  our  Lordes  Ascension,  we  arrived  at  the  court  of 
Bathy.  Of  whom  when  wee  had  enquired,  what  answere 
he  would  send  unto  our  Lord  the  Pope,  he  said  that  he 
had  nothing  to  give  us  in  charge,  but  onely  that  we  should 
diligently  deliver  that  which  the  Emperour  had  written. 
And,  having  received  letters  for  our  safe  conduct,  the 
thirteenth  day  after  Pentecost,  being  Saterday,  wee  were 
proceeded  as  farre  as  Montii,  with  whome  our  foresaide 
associates  and  servants  remained,  which  were  withheld  from 
us,  and  we  caused  them  to  be  delivered  unto  us.  From 
hence  wee  travailed  unto  Corrensa,  to  whom,  requiring 
gifts  the  second  time  at  our  hands,  we  gave  none,  because 
we    had  not  wherewithall.      And   hee  appointed   us  two 

178 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 

Comanlans,   which    lived   among  the  common   people  of 
the   Tartars,   to   be   our   guides   unto   the   citie   of  Kiow 
in  Russia.      Howbeit  one  of  our  Tartars  parted  not  from 
us,  till  we   were   past   the   utmost   gard   of  the   Tartars. 
But  the  other  guides,  namely  the  Comanians,  which  were 
given  us  by  Corrensa,  brought  us  from  the  last  garde  unto 
the  citie  of  Kiow,  in  the  space  of  sixe  dayes.     And  there 
we  arrived   fifteene  dayes  before  the  feast  of  Saint  John  June  8. 
Baptist.      Moreover,  the  Citizens  of  Kiow  having:  intelli-  ^°'^  ^^^^^ 
gence  or  our  approch,  came  roortn  all  or  them  to  meete  corned  at 
us,  with  great  joy.     For  they  rejoyced  over  us,  as   over  their  retume. 
men  that  had  bene  risen  from  death  to  hfe.      So  like  wise 
they  did   unto   us   throughout   all   Russia,   Polonia,   and 
Bohemia.     Daniel  and   his   brother  WasiJico  made   us   a  Basilius  and 
royall    feast,   and   interteined   us   with    them   against   our  ^^.^^^^ 
willes  for  the  space  of  eight  dayes.      In  the  meane  time, 
they  with  their  Bishops,  and  other  men  of  account,  being 
in  consultation  together  about  those  matters  which  we  had 
propounded  unto  them  in  our  journey  towards  the  Tartars, 
answered   us  with    common   consent,    saying  :    that   they 
would  holde  the  Pope  for  their  speciall  Lord  and  Father, 
and   the  Church   of  Rome  for   their   Lady  &    mistresse, 
confirming  likewise  al   things  which   they  had   sent  con- 
cerning this  matter,  before  our  comming,  by  their  Abbate. 
And  for  the  same  purpose,  they  sent  their  Ambassadours 
and  letters  by  us  also,  unto  our  Lord  the  Pope. 

Itinerarium  fratris  Willielmi  de  Rubruquis  de 
ordine  fratrum  Minorum,  Galli,  Anno  gratis 
1253.  ^^  partes  Orientales. 

EXcellentissimo  Domino  &  Christianissimo,  Lodovico 
Dei  gratia  Regi  Francorum  illustri,  frater  Willielmus 
de  Rubruquis  in  ordine  fratrum  Minorum  minimus 
salutem,  &  semper  triumphare  in  Christo.  Scriptum  est 
in  Ecclesiastico  de  sapiente.  In  terram  alienarum  gentium  Eccks.  39. 
transibit,  bona  &  mala  in  omnibus  tentabit.  Hoc  opus,  ^^^-  4- 
Domine  mi  Rex,  feci  :  sed  utinam  ut  sapiens  &  non 
stultus.     Multi  enim  faciunt  quod  facit  sapiens,  sed  non 

179 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

sapienter,  sed  magis  stulte  :  de  quorum  numero  timeo  me 
esse.  Tamen  quocunque  modo  fecerim;  quia  dixistis  mihi 
quando  recessi  a  vobis,ut  omnia  scriberem  vobis,  quaecunque 
viderem  inter  Tartaros,  &  etiam  monuistis  ut  non  timerem 
vobis  scribere  longas  literas,  facio  quod  injunxistis  :  Cum 
timore  tamen  &  verecundia,  quia  verba  congrua  mihi  non 
suppetunt,  quas  debeam  tant«  scribere  Majestati.  Noverit 
ergo  vestra  sancta  majestas,  quod  anno  Domini  millessimo 
ducentessimo,  quinquagessimo  tertio,  nonas  Maii  ingressi 
sumus  mare  Ponti,  quod  Bulgarici  vocant,  Majus  Mare  : 
&  habet  mille  octo  milliaria  in  longum,  ut  didici  a  mer- 
catoribus,  &  distinguitur  quasi  in  duas  partes.  Circa 
medium  enim  ejus  sunt  dus  provincias  terras,  una  ad 
Aquilonem,  &  alia  ad  meridiem.  Ilia  quas  est  ad  meri- 
diem dicitur  Synopolis;  &  est  castrum  &  portus  Soldani 
Turchiae.  Quas  vero  ad  Aquilonem  est,  est  Provincia 
[I-  72.]  quasdam,  qu^  nunc  dicitur  a  Latinis  Gasaria,  a  Gr^cis 
vero  qui  inhabitant  eam  super  littus  maris  dicitur  Cassaria, 
hoc  est  Cssaria.  Et  sunt  promontoria  quasdam  exten- 
dentia  se  in  mare,  &  contra  meridiem  versus  Synopolim. 
Et  sunt  trecenta  milliaria  inter  Synopolim  &  Cassariam. 
Ita  quod  sint  septingenta  miliaria  ab  istis  punctis  versus 
Constantinopolim  in  longum  &  latum  :  &  septingenta 
versus  Orientem  :  hoc  est,  Hiberiam,  quas  est  provincia 
Georgian.  Ad  provinciam  Gasarias  sive  Casarias  applicui- 
mus,  qure  est  quasi  triangularis,  ad  Occidentem  habens 
civitatem,  qua^  dicitur  Kersova,  in  qua  fuit  Sanctus 
Clemens  marterizatus.  Et  navigantes  coram  ea  vidimus 
insulam  in  qua  est  templum  illud  quod  dicitur  Angelicis 
manibus  prasparatum.  In  medio  vero  quasi  in  cuspide  ad 
meridiem  habet  civitatem  quas  dicitur  Soldaia,  qua^  ex 
transverso  respicit  Synopolim  :  Et  illuc  applicant  omnes 
Mercatores  venientes  de  Turchia  volentes  ire  ad  terras 
Aquilonares,  &  e  contrario  venientes  de  Rossia  &  terris 
Aquilonaribus,  volentes  transire  in  Turchiam.  Illi  portant 
varium  &:  grisiam,  &  alias  pelles  pretiosas.  Alii  portant 
telas  de  cottone  sive  bombasio,  &  pannos  sericos  &  species 
aromaticas.     Ad  Orientem  vero  illius  provincial  est  civitas 

180 


Soldaia. 


WILLIAM    DE   RUBRUQUIS  ,         ad. 

1253. 

quas  dicitur  Matriga,  ubi  cadit  fluvius  Tanais  in  mare  Matriga 
Ponti  per  orificium  habens  latitudinem  duodecem  milli-  ^^2'^^^^- 
arium.  Ille  enim  fluvius  antequam  ingrediatur  mare 
Ponti,  facit  quoddam  mare  versus  Aquilonem,  habens  in 
latitudine  &  longitudine  septinginta  milliaria,  nusquam 
habens  profunditatem  ultra  sex  passus,  unde  magna  vasa 
non  ingrediuntur  illud.  Sed  mercatores  de  Constanti- 
nopoli  applicantes  ad  praedictam  civitatem  Matertam, 
mittunt  barcas  suas  usque  ad  flumen  Tanaim,  ut  emant 
pisces  siccatos,  sturiones,  thosas,  borbatas,  &  alios  pisces 
infinitae  multitudinis.  Prasdicta  vero  provincia  Cassaria 
cingitur  mari  in  tribus  lateribus  :  ad  Occidentem  scilicet, 
ubi  est  Kersova  civitas  Clementis,  ad  meridiem  ubi  est 
civitas  Soldaia,  ad  quam  applicuimus,  quae  est  cuspis  pro- 
vinciae,  &  ad  Orientem  Maricandis,  ubi  est  civitas  Materta,  ^ 
&  orificium  Tanais.  Ultra  illud  orificium  est  Zikia,  quae  Zikia. 
non  obedit  Tartaris  :  Et  Suevi  &  Hiberi  ad  Orientem, 
qui  non  obediunt  Tartaris.  Postea  versus  meridiem  est 
Trapesunda  quae  habet  proprium  Dominum  nomine 
Guidonem,  qui  est  de  genere  imperatorum  Constantino- 
politanorum,  qui  obedit  Tartaris  :  postea  Synopolis  quae 
est  Soldani  Turchiae  qui  similiter  obedit  :  postea  terra 
Vastacii  cujus  filius  dicitur  Astar  ab  avo  materno,  qui  non 
obedit.  Ab  orificio  Tanais  versus  Occidentem  usque  ad 
Danubium  totum  est  subditum.  Etiam  ultra  Danubium 
versus  Constantinopolim,  Valakia,  qu^  est  terra  Assani,  & 
minor  Bulgaria  usque  in  Solonomam  omnes  solvunt  eis 
tributum.  Et  etiam  ultra  tributum  condictum  sumpserunt 
annis  nuper  transactis  de  qualibet  domo  securim  unam,  & 
totum  frumentum  quod  invenerunt  in  massa.  Appli- 
cuimus ergo  Soldaiae  in  12.  Kalendas  Junii  :  &  prae- 
venerant  nos  quidam  mercatores  de  Constantinopoli,  qui 
dixerunt  venturos  illuc  nuncios  de  terra  sancta  volentes  ire 
ad  Sartach.  Ego  tamen  prsedicaveram  publice  in  Ramis 
Palmarum  apud  Sanctam  Sophiam,  quod  non  essem 
nuncius,  nee  vester,  nee  alicujus,  sed  ibam  apud  illos 
incredulos  secundum  regulam  nostram.  Tunc  cum  appli- 
cuissem,  monebant  me  dicti  mercatores  ut  caute  loquerer, 

t8i 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH    VOYAGES 

1253- 

quia  dixerunt  me  esse  nuncium,  &  si  non  dicerem  me  esse 
nuncium,  quod  non  praeberetur  mihi  transitus.  Tunc 
loquutus  sum  hoc  modo  ad  capitaneos  civitatis,  imo  ad 
vicarios  capitaneorum,  quia  capitanei  iverant  ad  Baatu 
portantes  tributum,  &  non  fuerant  adhuc  reversi.  Nos 
audivimus,  dixi,  de  Domino  vestro  Sartach  in  Terra 
Sancta  quod  esset  Christianus :  &  gavisi  sunt  inde 
vehementer  Christiani,  &  praecipue  Dominus  Rex  Fran- 
corum  Christianissimus,  qui  ibi  peregrinatur,  &  pugnat 
contra  Saracenos,  ut  eripiat  loca  sancta  de  manibus  eorum  : 
unde  volo  ire  ad  Sartach,  &  portare  ei  literas  Domini 
Regis,  in  quibus  monet  eum  de  utihtate  totius  Christiani- 
tatis.  Et  ipsi  receperunt  nos  gratanter,  &  dederunt  nobis 
hospitium  in  ecclesia  Episcopali.  Et  Episcopus  ipsius 
*  ecclesiae  fuerat  ad  Sartach,  qui  multa  bona  dixit  mihi  de 
Sartach,  quas  ego  postea  non  inveni.  Tunc  dederunt 
nobis  optionem  utrum  vellemus  habere  bigas  cum  bobus 
ad  portandum  res  nostras  vel  equos  pro  summariis.  Et 
mercatores  Constantinopolitani  consuluerunt  mihi  quod 
non  acciperem  bigas,  imo  quod  emerem  proprias  bigas 
coopertas,  in  quibus  apportant  Ruteni  pelles  suas,  &  in  ilHs 
includerem  res  nostras  quas  vellem  quotidie  deponere,  quia 
si  acciperem  equos,  oporteret  me  in  qualibet  Herbergia 
deponere  &  reponere  super  ahos,  &  praeterea  equitarem 
lentiori  gressu  juxta  boves.  Et  tunc  acquievi  consiho 
eorum  malo,  tum  quia  fui  in  itinere  usque  Sarthach 
duobus  mensibus,  quod  potuissem  uno  mense  fecisse,  si 
ivissem  equis.  Attuleram  mecum  de  ConstantinopoH 
fructus  &  vinum  muscatum,  &  biscoctum  deHcatum  de 
consiho  mercatorum  ad  prassentandum  capitaneis  primis, 
ut  facihus  pateret  mihi  transitus;  quia  nullus  apud  eos 
respicitur  rectis  ocuhs,  qui  venit  vacua  manu.  Quae 
omnia  posui  in  una  biga,  quando  non  inveni  ibi  capitaneos 
civitatis,  quia  dicebant  mihi,  quod  gratissima  forent 
Sarthach,  si  possem  deferre  ea  usque  ad  eum.  Arripuimus 
ergo  iter  tunc  circa  Kalend.  Junii  cum  bigis  nostris 
quatuor  coopertis  &  cum  aliis  duabus  quas  accepimus  ab 
eis,  In  quibus  portabantur  lectisternia  ad  dormiendum  de 

182 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 
nocte,  &  quinque  equos  dabant  nobis  ad  equitandum. 
Eramus  enim  quinque  personae.  Ego  &  socius  meus  [I.  73.] 
frater  Bartholomeus  de  Cremona,  &  Goset  lator  praesen- 
tium,  &  homo  dei  Turgemannus,  &  puer  NIcolaus,  quem 
emeram  Constantinopoli  de  nostra  eleemosyna.  Dederunt 
etiam  duos  homines  qui  ducebant  bigas  &  custodiebant 
boves  &  equos.  Sunt  autem  alta  promontoria  super  Mare 
a  Kersova  usque  ad  orificium  Tanais :  &  sunt  quadraginta 
castella  inter  Kersovam  &  Soldaiam,  quorum  quodhbet 
fere  habet  proprium  idioma :  inter  quos  erant  multi  Goti, 
quorum  idioma  est  Teutonicum.  Post  ilia  montana 
versus  Aquilonem  est  pulcherrima  sylva  in  planicie,  plena 
fontibus  &  rivulis :  Et  post  illam  sylvam  est  planicies 
maxima,  quae  durat  per  quinque  dietas  usque  ad  extremi- 
tatem  illius  provinciae  ad  aquilonem,  quae  coarctatur  habens 
Mare  ad  Orientem  &  Occidentem  :  Ita  quod  est  unum 
fossatum  magnum  ab  uno  Mari  usque  ad  aliud.  In  ilia 
planicie  solebant  esse  Comani  antequam  venirent  Tartari, 
&  cogebant  civitates  praedictas  &  castra  ut  darent  eis 
tributum.  Et  cum  venerunt  Tartari,  tanta  multitudo 
Comanorum  intravit  provinciam  illam,  qui  omnes  fugerunt 
usque  ad  ripam  Maris,  quod  comedebant  se  mutuo  vivi 
morientes :  secundum  quod  narravit  mihi  quidam  mer- 
cator,  qui  hoc  vidit :  Quod  vivi  devorabant  &  lacerabant 
dentibus  carnes  crudas  mortuorum,  sicut  canes  cadavera. 
Versus  extremitatem  illius  provinciae  sunt  lacus  multi  & 
magni :  in  quorum  ripis  sunt  fontes  salmastri,  quorum 
aqua,  quam  cito  intrat  lacum,  efficit  salem  durum  ad 
modum  glaciei.  Et  de  illis  salinis  habent  Baatu  &  Sartach 
magnos  reditus  :  quia  de  tota  Russia  veniunt  illuc  pro 
sale :  &  de  qualibet  biga  onusta  dant  duas  telas  de  cottone 
valentes  dimidiam  Ipperperam.  Veniunt  &  per  Mare 
multae  naves  pro  sale,  quae  omnes  dant  tributum  secundum 
sui  quantitatem.  Postquam  ergo  recessimus  de  Soldaia, 
tertia  die  invenimus  Tartaros  :  inter  quos  cum  intraveram, 
visum  fuit  mihi  recte  quod  ingrederer  quoddam  aliud 
saeculum.  Quorum  vitam  &  mores  vobis  describam  prout 
possum. 

183 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

De  Tartaris  &  domibus  eorum. 

NUsquam  habent  manentem  civitatem,  sed  futuram 
ignorant.  Inter  se  diviserunt  Scythiam,  quae  durat  a 
Danubio  usque  ad  ortum  solis.  Et  quilibet  Capitaneus, 
secundum  quod  habet  plures  vel  pauciores  homines  sub  se, 
scit  terminos  pascuorum  suorum,  &  ubi  debet  pascere 
hyeme  &  aestate,  vere  &  autumno.  In  hyeme  enim 
descendunt  ad  calidiores  regiones  versus  meridiem.  In 
aestate  ascendunt  ad  frigidiores  versus  aquilonem.  Loca 
pascuosa  sine  aquis  pascunt  in  hyeme  quando  est  ibi  nix, 
quia  nivem  habent  pro  aqua.  Domum  in  qua  dormiunt 
fundant  super  rotam  de  virgis  cancellatis,  cujus  tigna  sunt 
de  virgis,  &  conveniunt  in  unam  parvulam  rotam  superius, 
de  qua  ascendit  collum  sursum  tanquam  fumigatorium, 
quam  cooperiunt  filtro  albo :  &  frequentius  imbuunt 
etiam  filtrum  cake  vel  terra  alba  &  pulvere  ossium,  ut 
albens  splendeat,  &  aliquando  nigro.  Et  filtrum  illud 
circa  collum  superius  decorant  pulchra  varietate  picturae. 
Ante  ostium  similiter  suspendunt  filtrum  opere  polimitario 
variatum.  Consumunt  enim  filtrum  coloratum  in  faciendo 
vites  &  arbores,  aves  &  bestias.  Et  faciunt  tales  domos 
ita  magnas,  quod  habent  triginta  pedes  in  latitudine.  Ego 
enim  mensuravi  semel  latitudinem  inter  vestigia  rotarum 
unius  bigae  viginti  pedum  :  &  quando  domus  erat  super 
bigam  excedebat  extra  rotas  in  utroque  latere  quinque 
pedibus  ad  minus.  Ego  numeravi  in  una  biga  viginti 
duos  boves  trahentes  unam  domum :  Undecem  in  uno 
ordine  secundum  latitudinem  bigae,  &  alios  undecem  ante 
illos :  Axis  bigae  erat  magnus  ad  modum  arboris  navis  : 
Et  unus  homo  stabat  in  ostio  domus  super  bigam  minans 
boves.  Insuper  faciunt  quadrangulos  de  virgulis  fissis 
attenuatis  ad  quantitatem  unius  arcae  magnae  :  &  postea  de 
una  extremitate  ad  aliam  elevant  testudinem  de  similibus 
virgis,  &  ostiolum  faciunt  in  anteriori  extremitate :  & 
postea  cooperiunt  illam  cistam  sive  domunculam  filtro  nigro 
imbuto  sevo  sive  lacte  ovino,  ne  possit  penetrari  pluvia  : 
quod  similiter  decorant  opere  polimitario  vel  plumario.    Et 

184 


WILLIAM    DE   RUBRUQUIS                       ad.  i 

1253. 

in  talibus  arcis  ponunt  totam  suppellectilem  suam  &  the-  \ 

saurum  :    quas    ligant    fortiter    super    bigas    alteras    quas  ; 

trahunt  cameli,  ut  possint  transvadare  flumina.    Tales  areas  \ 

nunquam  deponunt  de  bigis.     Quando  deponunt  domus  '! 

suas  mansionariaSj  semper  vertunt  portam  ad  meridiem  ;  &  | 

consequenter  collocant   bigas  cum  arcis  hinc  &  inde  prope  : 

domum  ad  dimidium  jactum  lapidis  :  ita  quod  domus  stat  \ 
inter  duos  ordines  bigarum  quasi  inter  duos  muros.      Ma- 

tronae  faciunt  sibi  pulcherrimas  bigas,  quas  nescirem  vobis  [I.  74.]  1 

describere   nisi    per  picturam.      II  Imo   omnia  depinxissem  i|  Nota.  ' 
vobis  si  scivissem  pingere.      Unus  dives  Moal  sive  Tartar 

habet   bene   tales   bigas   cum   arcis   ducentas  vel   centum.  ' 
Baatu  habet  sexdecem  uxores  :  quaelibet  habet  unam  mag- 

nam    domum,    exceptis    aliis    parvis,   quas    collocant    post  i 

magnam,   quae   sunt    quasi    camerae  ;    in    quibus    habitant  j 

puellas.     Ad  quamlibet  istarum  domorum  appendent  du-  i 

centae   bigae.     Et   quando   deponunt   domus,   prima  uxor  j 

deponit  suam  curiam  in  capite  occidental,  &  postea  aliae  \ 

secundum  ordinem  suum  :   ita  quod  ultima  uxor  erit   in  ! 
capite  Orientali :  &  erit  spacium  inter  curiam  unius  dominae 

&  alterius,  jactus  unius  lapidis.      Unde  curia  unius  divitis  ! 

Moal  apparebit  quasi  una  magna  Villa  :    tunc   paucissimi  I 

viri  erunt  in  ea.      Una  muliercula  ducet  20.  bigas  vel  30.  \ 

Terra  enim  plana  est.     Et    ligant    bigas  cum   bobus  vel  ■ 
camelis  unam  post  aliam  :  &  sedebit  muliercula  in  anteriori 

minans  bovem,  &  omnes  aliae  pari  gressu  sequentur.      Si  ' 

contingat  venire  ad  aliquem  malum  passum,  solvunt  eas  &  : 

transducunt  sigillatim  :   Vadunt  enim   lento  gressu,  sicut  \ 

agnus  vel  bos  potest  ambulare.  ' 

De  lectis  eorum  &  poculis.  ] 

POstquam  deposuerint  domus  versa  porta  ad  meridiem,  \ 

collocant    lectum     domini    ad     partem     aquilonarem.  j 

Locus  mulierum  est  semper  ad  latus  Orientale  hoc  est  ad  : 

sinistrum  domini  domus  cum  sedet  in  lecto  suo  versa  facie  1 

ad  meridiem  :    locus  vero  virorum    ad    latus  occidentale,  \ 

hoc   est   ad    dextrum.      Viri    ingredientes   domum    nullo  \ 

modo  suspenderent  pharetram  ad  partem  mulierum.     Et  | 

185  I 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

super  caput  Domini  est  semper  una  imago  quasi  puppa  & 
statuuncula  de  filtro,  quam  vocant  fratrem  domini :  alia 
similis  super  caput  dominas,  quam  vocant  fratrem  dominas, 
affixa  parieti :  &  superius  inter  utramque  illarum  est  una 
parvula,  macilenta,  quae  est  quasi  custos  totius  domus. 
Domina  domus  ponit  ad  latus  suum  dextrum  ad  pedes 
lecti  in  eminenti  loco  pelliculam  hoedinam  impletam  lana 
vel  alia  materia,  &  juxta  illam  statuunculam  parvulam 
respicientem  famulas  &  mulieres.  Juxta  ostium  ad 
partem  mulieris  est  iterum  alia  imago  cum  ubere  vaccino, 
pro  mulieribus  quas  mungunt  vaccas.  De  officio  faemina- 
rum  est  mungere  vaccas.  Ad  aliud  latus  ostii  versus  viros  est 
alia  statua  cum  ubere  equae  pro  viris  qui  mungunt  equas. 
Et  cum  convenerint  ad  potandum  primo  spargunt  de  potu 
illi  imagini,  quas  est  super  caput  domini  :  postea  aliis 
imaginibus  per  ordinem  :  postea  exit  minister  domum 
cum  cipho  &  potu,  &  spargit  ter  ad  meridiem,  qualibet 
vice  flectendo  genu  ;  &  hoc  ad  reverentiam  ignis  :  postea 
ad  Orientem  ad  reverentiam  aeris  :  postea  ad  Occidentem 
ad  reverentiam  aquae  :  ad  aquilonem  projiciunt  pro 
mortuis.  Quando  tenet  dominus  ciphum  in  manu  &  debet 
bibere,  tunc  primo  antequam  bibat,  infundit  terrae  partem 
suam.  Si  bibit  sedens  super  equum,  infundit  antequam 
bibat,  super  collum  vel  crinem  equi.  Postquam  vero 
minister  sic  sparserit  ad  quatuor  latera  mundi,  revertitur 
in  domum  &  sunt  parati  duo  famuli  cum  duobus  ciphis 
&  totidem  patenis  ut  deferant  potum  domino  &  uxori 
sedenti  juxta  eum  sursum  in  lecto.  Et  cum  habet  plures 
uxores,  ilia  cum  qua  dormit  in  nocte  sedet  juxta  eum  in 
die  :  &  oportet  quod  omnes  aliae  veniant  ad  domum  illam 
ilia  die  ad  bibendum  :  &  ibi  tenetur  curia  ilia  die  :  & 
xenia  quae  deferuntur,  ilia  deponuntur  in  thesauris  illius 
dominas.  Bancus  ibi  est  cum  utre  lactis  vel  cum  alio 
potu  &  cum  ciphis. 


i86 


WILLIAM    DE   IIUBRUQUIS  a.d. 

1253- 

De  potibus   eorum  &   qualiter   provocant  alios    ad 

bibendum. 

FAciunt  in  hyeme  optimum  potum,  de  risio,  de  millio, 
de  melle  :  claret  sicut  vinum.  Et  defertur  eis  vinum 
a  remotis  partibus.  In  aestate  non  curant  nisi  de  Cosmos. 
Stat  semper  infra  domum  ad  introitum  portas,  &  juxta 
illud  Stat  citharista  cum  citherula  sua.  Citheras  &  vielas 
nostras  non  vidi  ibi,  sed  multa  alia  instrumenta,  quae  apud 
nos  non  habentur.  Et  cum  incipit  bibere  tunc  unus 
ministrorum  exclamat  alta  voce,  HA  :  &  citharista  ^^^^"^^^^^  ^^^ 
percutit  cicharum.  Et  quando  faciunt  festum  magnum, 
tunc  omnes  plaudunt  manibus  &  saltant  ad  vocem 
citharae,  viri  coram  Domino,  &  mulieres  coram  domina. 
Et  postquam  dominus  biberit,  tunc  exclamat  minister  sicut 
prius,  &  tacet  citharista  :  tunc  bibunt  omnes  in  circuitu 
viri  &  mulieres  :  &  aliquando  bibunt  certatim  valde 
turpiter  &  gulose.  Et  quando  volunt  aliquem  provocare 
ad  potum  arripiunt  eum  per  aures  &  trahunt  fortiter  ut 
dilatent  ei  gulam,  &  plaudunt  &  saltant  coram  eo.  Item 
cum  aliqui  volunt  facere  magnum  festum  &  gaudium, 
unus  accipit  ciphum  plenum,  &  alii  duo  sunt  ei  a  dextris 
&  sinistris  :  &  sic  illi  tres  veniunt  cantantes  usque  ad 
ilium  cui  debent  porrigere  ciphum,  &  cantant  &  saltant 
coram  eo  :  &  cum  porrigit  manum  ad  recipiendum 
ciphum,  ipsi  subito  resiliunt,  &  iterum  sicut  prius  rever-  [I.  75.] 
tuntur,  &  sic  illudunt  ei  ter  vel  quater  retrahendo  ciphum, 
donee  fuerit  bene  exhileratus  &  bonum  habeat  appetitum, 
&  tunc  dant  ei  ciphum,  &  cantant  &  plaudunt  manibus 
&  terunt  pedibus  donee  biberit. 

De  cibariis  eorum. 

DE  cibis  &  victualibus  eorum  noveritis,  quod  in- 
differenter  comedunt  omnia  morticinia  sua.  Et  inter 
tot  pecora  &  armenta  non  potest  esse  quin  multa  animalia 
moriantur.  Tamen  in  aestate  quamdiu  durat  eis  cosmos, 
hoc  est  lac  equinum,  non  curant  de  alio  cibo.  Unde  tunc 
si   contingat  eis   mori  bovem   vel   equum,    siccant   carnes 

187 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

scindendo  per  tenues  pecias  &  suspendendo  ad  solem  & 
ventum,  quae  statim  sine  sale  siccantur  absque  aliquo 
fastore.  De  intestinis  equorum  faciunt  andulges  meliores 
quam  de  porcis  :  quas  comedunt  recentes  :  reliquas  carnes 
reservant  ad  hyemem.  De  pellibus  bourn  faciunt  utres 
magnos,  quos  mirabiliter  siccant  ad  fumum.  De  posteriori 
parte  pellis  equi  faciunt  pulcherrimos  soculares.  De  carne 
unius  arietis  dant  comedere  quinquaginta  hominibus  vel 
centum.  Scindunt  enim  minutatim  in  scutella  cum  sale  & 
aqua,  aliam  enim  salsam  non  faciunt,  &  tunc  cum  puncto 
cultelli  vel  furcinula,  quas  proprias  faciunt  ad  hoc,  cum 
qua  solemus  comedere  pira  &  poma  cocta  in  vino, 
porrigunt  cuilibet  circumstantium  buccellam  unam  vel 
duas,  secundum  multitudinem  comedentium.  Dominus 
antequam  proponitur  caro  arietis  in  primo  ipse  accipit 
quod  placet  ei  :  &  etiam  si  dat  alicui  partem  specialem, 
oportet  quod  accipiens  comedat  eam  solus,  &  nemini  licet 
dare  ei.  Si  non  potest  totum  comedere,  asportat  secum, 
vel  dat  garcioni  suo,  si  est  presens,  qui  custodiat  ei  :  sin 
aliter,  recondit  in  saptargat  suo,  hoc  est  in  bursa  quadrata, 
quam  portant  ad  recondendum  omnia  talia,  in  qua  &  ossa 
recondunt,  quando  non  habent  spacium  bene  rodendi  ea, 
ut  postea  rodant,  ne  pereat  aliquid  de  cibo. 

Quomodo  faciunt  Cosmos. 

IPsum  Cosmos,  hoc  est  lac  jumentinum  fit  hoc  modo. 
Extendunt  cordam  longam  super  terram  ad  duos  palos 
fixos  in  terra,  &  ad  illam  cordam  ligant  circiter  horas 
tres,  pullos  equarum  quas  volunt  mungere.  Tunc  stant 
matres  juxta  pullos  suos  &  permittunt  se  pacifice  mungi. 
Et  si  aliqua  est  nimis  indomita,  tunc  accipit  unus  homo 
pullum  &  supponit  ei  permittens  parum  sugere,  tunc 
retrahit  ilium,  &  emunctor  lactis  succedit.  Congregata 
ergo  multitudine  lactis,  quod  est  ita  dulce  sicut  vaccinum, 
dum  est  recens,  fundunt  illud  in  magnum  utrem  sive 
bucellam,  &  incipiunt  illud  concutere  cum  ligno  ad  hoc 
aptato,  quod  grossum  est  inferius  sicut  caput  hominis  & 
cavatum   subtus  :    &  quam  cito   concutiunt   illud,   incipit 

1 88 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 

bullire  sicut  vinum  novum,  &  acescere  sive  fermentari,  & 
excutiunt  illud  donee  extrahant  butirum.  Tune  gustant 
illud  ;  &  quando  est  temperate  pungitivum  bibunt  : 
pungit  enim  super  linguam  sicut  vinum  raspei  dum 
bibitur.  Et  postquam  homo  cessat  bibere,  relinquit 
saporem  super  linguam  lactis  amygdalini,  &  multum 
reddit  interiora  hominis  jucunda,  &  etiam  inebriat  debilia 
capita  :  multum  etiam  provocat  urinam.  Faciunt  etiam 
Cara-cosmos,  hoc  est  nigrum  cosmos  ad  usum  magnorum 
dominorum,  hoc  modo.  Lac  equinum  non  coagulatur. 
Ratio  enim  est  :  quod  nullius  animalis  lac  nisi  cujus  fetet 
venter  non  invenitur  coagulum.  In  ventre  pulli  equi  non 
invenitur  :  unde  lac  equas  non  coagulatur.  Concutiunt 
ergo  lac  in  tantum,  quod  omnino  quod  spissum  est  in  eo 
vadat  ad  fundum  recta,  sicut  fasces  vini,  &  quod  purum 
est  remanet  superius,  &  est  sicut  serum,  &  sicut  mustum 
album.  Faeces-  sunt  albs  multum,  &  dantur  servis,  & 
faciunt  multum  dormire.  Illud  clarum  bibunt  domini  :  & 
est  pro  certo  valde  suavis  potus  &  bonae  efficacias.  Baatu 
habet  30.  casalia  circa  herbergiam  suam  ad  unam  dietam, 
quorum  unumquodque  qualibet  die  servit  ei  de  tali  lacte 
centum  equarum,  hoc  est,  qualibet  die  lac  trium  millium 
equarum,  excepto  alio  lacte  albo,  quod  deferunt  alii. 
Sicut  enim  in  Syria  rustici  dant  tertiam  partem  fructuum, 
quam  ipsi  afferunt  ad  curias  dominorum  suorum,  ita  &  isti 
lac  equarum  tertias  diei.  De  lacte  vaccino  primo  extrahunt 
butyrum  &  bulliunt  illud  usque  ad  perfectam  decoc- 
tionem,  &  postea  recondunt  illud  in  utribus  arietinis 
quos  ad  hoc  reservant.  Et  non  ponunt  sal  in  butiro  : 
tamen  propter  magnam  decoctionem  non  putrescit  :  & 
reservant  illud  contra  hyemem.  Residuum  lac  quod 
remanet  post  butirum  permittunt  acescere  quantum  acrius 
fieri  potest  &  bulliunt  illud,  &  coagulatur  bulliendo, 
&  coagulum  illud  desiccant  ad  solem,  &  efficitur  durum 
sicut  scoria  ferri.  Quod  recondunt  in  saccis  contra 
hyemem  :  tempore  hyemali  quando  deficit  eis  lac,  [I-  76.] 
ponunt  illud  acre  coagulum,  quod  ipsi  vocant  gri-ut,  in 
utre,   &  super   infundunt   aquam  calidam,   &  concutiunt 

189 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

fortiter  donee  illud  resolvatur  in  aqua  ;  quae  ex  illo 
efficitur  tota  acetosa,  &  illam  aquam  bibunt  loco  lactis. 
Summe  cavent  ne  bibant  aquam  puram. 

De  bestiis  quas  comedunt,  &  de  vestibus,  ac 
de  venatione  eorum. 

MAgni  domini  habent  casalia  versus  meridiem,  de 
quibus  afferunt  eis  milium  &  farinam  contra 
hyemem.  pauperes  procurant  sibi  pro  arietibus  &  pellibus 
commutando.  Sclavi  etiam  implent  ventrem  suum  aqua 
crassa,  &  hac  contend  sunt.  Mures  cum  longis  caudis 
non  comedunt  &  omne  genus  murium  habens  curtam 
caudam.  Sunt  etiam  ibi  multae  marmotes,  quas  ipsi 
vocant  Sogur  :  quas  conveniunt  in  una  fovea  in  hyeme 
20.  vel  30.  pariter,  &  dormiunt  sex  mensibus  :  quas 
capiunt  in  magna  multitudine.  Sunt  etiam  ibi,  cuniculi 
habentes  longam  caudam  sicut  cati  ;  &  in  summitate 
caudae  habent  pilos  nigros  &  albos.  Habent  &  multas 
alias  bestiolas  bonas  ad  comedendum  :  quas  ipsi  valde 
bene  discernunt.  Cervos  non  vidi  ibi.  lepores  paucos 
vidi,  gaselos  multos.  Asinos  sylvestres  vidi  in  magna 
multitudine,  qui  sunt  quasi  muli.  Vidi  &  aliud  genus 
animalis  quod  dicitur  Artak,  quod  habet  recte  corpus 
arietis  &  cornua  torta,  sed  tantae  quantitatis,  quod  vix 
poteram  una  manu  levare  duo  cornua  :  &  faciunt  de 
cornibus  illis  ciphos  magnos.  Habent  falcones,  gir- 
falcones,  &  herodios  in  magna  multitudine  :  quos  omnes 
portant  super  manum  dexteram  :  &  ponunt  semper  falconi 
unam  corrigiam  parvulam  circa  collum,  quae  pendet  ei 
usque  ad  medietatem  pectoris  :  per  quam  cum  projiciunt 
eum  ad  praedam,  inclinant  cum  sinistra  manu  caput  & 
pectus  falconis,  ne  verberetur  a  vento,  vel  ne  feratur 
sursum.  Magnum  ergo  partem  victus  sui  acquirunt 
venatione.  De  vestibus  &  habitu  eorum  noveritis,  quod 
de  Cataya  &  aliis  regionibus  Orientis,  &  etiam  de  Perside 
&  aliis  regionibus  austri  veniunt  eis  panni  serici  &  aurei, 
&  telae  de  bambasio,  quibus  induuntur  in  aestate.  De 
Russia,  de  Moxel,  &  Majore  Bulgaria  &  Pascatir,  quae  est 

190 


WILLIAM    DE   RUBRUQUIS  a.d. 

1253. 

major  Hungaria,  &  Kersis  :  (quas  omnes  sunt  regiones  ad  Major 
Aquilonem  &  plenae  sylvis;)  &  aliis  multis  regionibus  ad  Hungaria. 
latus  aquilonare,  quae  eis  obediunt,  adducuntur  eis  pelles 
preciosas  multi  generis  :  quas  nunquam  vidi  in  partibus 
nostris  :  Quibus  induuntur  in  hyeme.  Et  faciunt  semper 
in  hyeme  duas  pelliceas  ad  minus  :  unam,  cujus  pilus  est 
ad  carnem  :  aliam  cujus  pilus  est  extra  contra  ventum  & 
nives,  quae  multoties  sunt  de  pellibus  lupinis  vel  vulpibus 
vel  papionibus.  Et  dum  sedent  in  domo  habent  aliam 
delicatiorem.  Pauperes  faciunt  illas  exteriores  de  canibus 
&  capris.  Quum  volunt  venari  feras,  conveniunt  magna 
multitudo  &  circundant  regionem  in  qua  sciunt  feras  esse, 
6c  paulatim  appropinquant  sibi,  donee  concludant  feras 
inter  se  quasi  infra  circulum,  &  tunc  sagitant  ad  eas. 
faciunt  etiam  braccas  de  pellibus.  Divites  etiam  furrant 
vestes  suas  de  stupa  setae,  quae  est  supra  modum  mollis,  & 
levis  &  calida.  Pauperes  furrant  vestes  de  tela  de  bam- 
basio,  de  delicatiori  lana  quam  possunt  extrahere  :  de  gros- 
siori  faciunt  filtrum  ad  cooperiendum  domos  suas  &  cistas, 
&  ad  lectisternia.  De  lana  etiam  &  tertia  parte  pilorum 
equi  admixta,  faciunt  cordas  suas.  De  filtro  etiam  faciunt 
pavellas  sub  sellis,  &  capas  contra  pluviam.  Unde  mul- 
tum  expendunt  de  lana.      Habitum  virorum  vidistis. 

De  rasura  virorum  &   ornatu  mulierum. 

Vlri  radunt  in  summitate  capitis  quadrangulum,  &  ab 
anterioribus  angulis  ducunt  rasuram  cristae  capitis 
usque  ad  tempora.  Radunt  etiam  tempora  &  collum 
usque  ad  summum  concavitatis  cervicis  :  &  frontem 
anterius  usque  ad  frontinellam,  super  quam  relinquunt 
manipulum  pilorum  descendentium  usque  ad  supercilia  : 
In  angulis  occipitis  relinquunt  crines,  quibus  faciunt  tricas, 
quas  succingunt  nodando  usque  ad  aures.  Et  habitus 
puellarum  non  differt  ab  habitu  virorum,  nisi  quod  ali- 
quantulum  est  longior.  Sed  in  crastino  postquam  est 
nupta  radit  calvariam  suam  a  medietate  capitis  versus 
frontem,  &  habet  tunicam  latam  sicut  cucullam  monialis, 
&   per  omnia  latiorem   &   longiorem,  fissam  ante,  quam 

191 


Nota. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253. 

llgat  sub  dextro  latere.  In  hoc  enim  differunt  Tartar!  a 
Turcis  :  quod  Turci  ligant  tunicas  suas  ad  sinistram, 
Tartar!  semper  ad  dextram.  Postea  habent  ornamentum 
capitis,  quod  vocant  botta,  quod  fit  de  cortice  arboris  vel 
alia  materia,  quam  possunt  invenire,  leviore  :  &  est  gros- 
sum  &  rotundum,  quantum  potest  duabus  manibus  com- 
plecti;  longum  vero  unius  cubiti  &  plus,  quadrum 
superius,  sicut  capitellum  unius  columnas.  Istud  botta 
cooperiunt  panno  serico  precioso;  &  est  concavum  interius  : 
U-  77-]  &  super  capitellum  in  medio  vel  super  quadraturam  illam 
ponunt  virgulam  de  calamis  pennarum  vel  cannis  gracilibus 
longitudinis  scilicet  unius  cubiti  &  plus  :  &  illam  sibi 
virgulam  ornant  superius  de  pennis  pavonis,  &  per  longum 
in  circuitu  pennulis  caudae  malardi,  &  etiam  lapidibus 
praeciosis.  Divites  dominae  istud  ornamentum  ponunt  in 
summitate  capitis  quod  stringunt  fortiter  cum  almucia, 
quae  foramen  habet  in  summitate  ad  hoc  aptatum,  &  in 
isto  recondunt  crines  suos  quos  recolligunt  a  parte  pos- 
teriori ad  summitatem  capitis  quasi  in  nodo  uno  & 
reponunt  in  illo  botta,  quod  postea  fortiter  ligant  sub 
gutture.  Unde  quum  equitant  plures  dominae  simul  & 
videntur  a  longe,  apparent  milites,  habentes  galeas  in 
capitibus  cum  lanceis  elevatis.  Illud  enim  botta  apparet 
galea  de  super  lancea.  Et  sedent  omnes  mulieres  super 
equos  sicut  viti  diversificantes  coxas;  &  ligant  cucullas 
suas  panno  serico  aerii  coloris  super  renes,  &  alia  fascia 
stringunt  ad  mamillas  :  &  ligant  unam  peciam  albam  sub 
occulis,  quae  descendit  usque  ad  pectus.  Et  sunt  mulieres 
mirae  pinguedinis,  &  quae  minus  habet  de  naso  pulchrior 
reputatur.  Deturpant  etiam  turpiter  pinguedine  facies 
suas  :   nunquam  cubant  in  lecto  pro  puerperio. 

De  ofBcio  mulierum,  &  operibus  earum,  ac  de 
nuptiis  earum. 

|Ficium  foeminarum  est  ducere  bigas,  ponere  domus 

super  eas  &  deponere,  mungere  vaccas,  facere  butirum 

&  griut,  parare  pelles,  &  consuere  eas,  quas  consuunt  filo 

denervis.    dividunt  enim  nervos  in  minuta  fila,  &  postea  ilia 

192 


o 


')aratio. 


WILLIAM    DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 

contorquent  in  unum  longum  iilum.  Consuunt  etiam 
soculares  &  soccos  &  alias  vestes.  Vestes  vero  nunquam 
lavant,  quia  dicunt  quod  Deus  tunc  irascitur,  &  quod  fiant 
tonitrua  si  suspendantur  ad  siccandum  :  Imo  lavantes  ver- 
berant  &  eis  auferunt.  Tonitrua  supra  modum  timent  : 
tunc  omnes  extraneos  emittunt  de  domibus  suis  ;  &  invol- 
vunt  se  in  filtris  nigris,  in  quibus  latitant,  donee  transient. 
Nunquam  etiam  lavant  scutellos,  imo  carne  cocta  alveum 
in  quo  debent  ponere  eam  lavant  brodio  bulliente  de 
caldaria,  &  postea  refundunt  in  caldariam.  faciunt  &  fil- 
trum  &  cooperiunt  domos.  Viri  faciunt  solum  arcus  & 
sagittas,  fabricant  strepas  &  fraena,  &  faciunt  cellas,  carpen- 
tant  domos  &  bigas :  custodiunt  equos  &  mungunt  equas, 
concutiunt  ipsum  cosmos  &  lac  equinum,  faciunt  utres  in 
quibus  reconditur  :  custodiunt  etiam  camelos,  &  onerant 
eos.  Oves  &  Capras  custodiunt  mixtim  &  mungunt  ali- 
quando  viri,  aliquando  mulieres.  De  lacte  ovium  inspis-  PelUum 
sato  &  salso  parant  pelles.  Cum  volunt  manus  vel  caput 
lavare  implent  os  suum  aqua  &  paulatim  fundunt  de  ore 
suo  super  manus,  &  eadem  humectant  crines  suos,  &  lavant 
caput  suum.  De  nuptiis  eorum  noveritis,  quod  nemo 
habet  ibi  uxorem  nisi  emat  eam  :  unde  aliquando  sunt 
puellae  multum  adultse  ante  quam  nubant  :  semper  enim 
tenent  eas  parentes,  donee  vendant  eas.  Servant  etiam 
gradus  consanguinitatis  primum  &  secundum  :  nullum 
autem  servant  affinitatis.  Habent  enim  simul  vel  succes- 
sive duas  sorores.  Nulla  vidua  nubit  inter  eos,  hac  ratione  ; 
quia  credunt  quod  omnes  qui  serviunt  eis  in  hac  vita  ser- 
vient in  futura.  Unde  de  vidua  credunt,  quod  semper 
revertitur  post  mortem  ad  primum  maritum.  Unde  acci- 
dit  turpis  consuetudo  inter  eos  quod  filius  scilicet  ducit 
aliquando  omnes  uxores  patris  sui,  excepta  matre.  Curia 
enim  patris  &  matris  semper  accidit  juniori  filio.  Unde 
oportet  quod  ipse  provideat  omnibus  uxoribus  patris  sui, 
quia  adveniunt  eae  cum  curia  paterna.  Et  tunc  si  vult 
utitur  eis  pro  uxoribus,  quia  non  reputat  sibi  injuriam,  si 
revertatur  ad  patrem  post  mortem.  Cum  ergo  aliquis 
fecerit  pactum  cum  aliquo  de  filia  accipienda,  facit  pater 
I  193  N 


D 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

puellae  convivium,  &  Ula  fugit  ad  consanguineos,  ut  ibi 
lateat  :  Tunc  pater  dicit,  Ecce  filia  mea  tua  est,  accipe  earn 
ubicunque  inveneris  :  Tunc  ille  quaerit  earn  cum  amicis  suis, 
donee  inveniat  earn,  &  oportet,  quod  vi  capiat  earn,  &  ducat 
earn  quasi  violenter  ad  domum. 

De  justiciis  eorum  &  judiciis,  et  de  morte  ac 
sepultura  eorum. 

,E  justiciis  eorum  noveritis,  quod  quando  duo  homines 
pugnant,  nemo  audet  se  intermittere.  Etiam  pater 
non  audet  juvare  iilium.  Sed  qui  pejorem  partem  habet, 
appellat  ad  curiam  domini.  Et  si  alius  post  appellationem 
tangat  eum,  interficitur.  Sed  oportet  quod  statim  absque 
dilatione  vadat  :  Et  ille  qui  passus  est  injuriam  ducit  eum 
quasi  captivum.  Neminem  puniunt  capitali  sententia,  nisi 
deprehensus  fuerit  in  facto,  vel  confessus.  Sed  quum  diffa- 
matus  est  a  pluribus,  bene  torquent  eum,  ut  confiteatur. 
Homicidium  puniunt  capitali  sententia,  &  etiam  coitum 
cum  non  sua.  Non  suam  dico  vel  uxorem  vel  famulam  : 
[I.  7^-]  Sua  enim  sclava  licet  uti  prout  libet.  Item  enorme  furtum 
puniunt  morte.  Pro  levi  furto,  sicut  pro  uno  ariete,  dum- 
modo  non  fuerit  saepe  deprehensus  in  hoc,  verberant 
crudeliter.  Et  si  dant  centum  ictus  oportet  quod  habeant 
centum  baculos,  de  illis  dico,  qui  verberantur  sententia 
curiae.  Item  falsos  nuncios,  quia  faciunt  se  nuncios  &  non 
sunt,  interficiunt.  Item  sacrilegas,  de  quibus  dicam  vobis 
postea  plenius,  quia  tales  reputant  veneficas.  Quando  ali- 
quis  moritur  plangunt  vehementer  ululando  :  &  tunc  sunt 
liberi  quod  non  dant  vectigal  usque  ad  annum.  Et  si  quis 
interest  morti  alicujus  adulti,  non  ingreditur  domum  ipsius 
Mangucham  usque  ad  annum.  Si  parvulus  est  qui  mori- 
tur, non  ingreditur  usque  post  lunationem.  Juxta  sepul- 
turam  defuncti  semper  relinquunt  domum  unam.  Si  est 
de  nobilibus,  hoc  est  de  genere  Chingis,  qui  fuit  primus 
pater  &  dominus  eorum,  illius  qui  moritur  ignoratur  sepul- 
tura :  &  semper  circa  loca  ilia  ubi  sepeliunt  nobiles  suos 
est  una  herbergia  hominum  custodientium  sepulturas.  Non 
intellexi    quod    ipsi   recondunt    thesaurum   cum   mortuis. 

194 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  a.d. 

1253. 

Comani  faciunt  magnum  tumulum  super  defunctum  &  eri- 
gunt  ei  statuam  versa  facie  ad  orientem,  tenentem  ciphum 
in  manu  sua  ante  umbelicum.  fabricant  &  divitibus  pyra- 
mides,  id  est  domunculas  acutas  :  &  alicubi  vidi  magnas 
turres  de  tegulis  coctis  :  alicubi  lapideas  domos,  quamvis 
lapides  non  inveniantur  ibi.  Vidi  quendam  noviter  de- 
functum, cui  suspenderant  pelles  sexdecem  equorum,  ad 
quodlibet  latus  mundi  quatuor  inter  perticas  altas :  &  appo- 
suerunt  ei  cosmos  ut  biberet,  &  carnes  ut  comederet  :  & 
tamen  dicebant  de  illo  quod  fuerat  baptizatus.  Alias  vidi 
sepulturas  versus  orientem.  Areas  scilicet  magnas  structas 
lapidibuSj  aliquas  rotundas,  aliquas  quadratas,  &  postea 
quatuor  lapides  longos  erectos  ad  quatuor  regiones  mundi 
circa  aream.  Et  ubi  aliquis  infirmatur  cubat  in  lecto  & 
ponit  signum  super  domum  suam,  quod  ibi  est  infirmus, 
&  quod  nullus  ingrediatur  :  unde  nullus  visitat  infirmum 
nisi  serviens  ejus.  Quando  etiam  aliquis  de  magnis  curiis 
infirmatur,  ponunt  custodes  longe  circa  curiam,  qui  infra 
illos  terminos  neminem  permittunt  transire  :  timent  enim 
ne  mali  spiritus  vel  ventus  veniant  cum  ingredientibus. 
Ipsos  divinatores  vocant  tanquam  sacerdotes  suos. 

Qualiter  ingressi  sunt  inter  Tartaros,  &  de 
ingratitudine  eorum. 

QUando  ergo  ingressi  sumus  inter  illos  barbaros,  visum 
fuit  mihi,  ut  dixi  superius,  quod  ingrederer  aliud 
saeculum.  Circumdederunt  enim  nos  in  equis  postquam 
diu  fecerant  nos  expectare  sedentes  in  umbra  sub  bigis 
nigris.  Prima  quasstio  fuit,  utrum  unquam  fuissemus 
inter  eos.  habito  quod  non  :  inceperunt  impudenter  petere 
de  cibariis  nostris,  &  dedimus  de  pane  biscocto  &  vino 
quod  attuleramus  nobiscum  de  villa :  &  potata  una  lagena 
vini,  petrerunt  aliam,  dicentes,  quod  homo  non  ingreditur 
domum  uno  pede.  non  dedimus  eis,  excusantes  nos  quod 
parum  haberemus.  Tunc  quaesiverunt  unde  veniremus, 
&  quo  vellemus  ire.  dixi  eis  superiora  verba,  quod  audie- 
ramus  de  Sartach,  quod  esset  Christianus,  &  quod  vellem 
ire  ad  eum,  quia  habebam  deferre  ei  literas  vestras.     Ipsi 

195 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253. 

diligenter  quaesiverunt,  utrum  irem  de  mea  voluntate,  vel 
utrum  mitterer.  Ego  respond!  quod  nemo  coegit  me  ad 
eundum,  nee  ivissem  nisi  voluissem  :  unde  de  mea  volun- 
tate ibam,  &  etiam  de  voluntate  superioris  mei.  Bene 
cavi,  quod  nunquam  dixi,  me  esse  nuncium  vestrum. 
Tunc  quaesiverunt  quid  esset  in  bigis,  utrum  esset  aurum 
vel  argentum,  vel  vestes  preciosae,  quas  deferrem  Sartach. 
Ego  respondi,  quod  Sartach  videret  quid  deferremus  ei, 
quando  perveniremus  ad  eum  ;  &  quod  non  intererat 
eorum  ista  quaerere  :  sed  facerent  me  deduci  usque  ad 
capitaneum  suum,  &:  ipse  si  vellet  mihi  praebere  ducatum 
usque  ad  Sartach  faceret  :  sin  minus,  reverterer.  Erat 
enim  in  ilia  provincia  unus  consanguineus  Baatu,  nomine 
Scacatai,  cui  dominus  imperator  Constantinopolitanus 
mittebat  literas  deprecatorias,  quod  me  permitteret  transire. 
Tunc  ipsi  acquieverunt,  praebentes  nobis  equos  &  boves  & 
duos  homines,  qui  deducerent  nos.  Et  alii  qui  adduxerant 
nos  sunt  reversi.  Prius  tamen  antequam  praedicta  darent, 
fecerunt  nos  diu  expectare  petentes  de  pane  nostro  pro 
parvulis  suis  :  Et  omnia  quae  videbant  super  famulos 
nostros,  cultellos,  chirothecas,  bursas,  corrigias,  omnia 
admirantes  &  volentes  habere.  Excusabam  me,  quia 
longa  nobis  restabat  via,  nee  debebamus  ita  cito  spoliare 
nos  rebus  necessariis  ad  tantam  viam  perficiendam.  Tunc 
dicebant  quod  essem  batrator.  Verum  est  quod  nihil 
abstulerint  vi  :  Sed  valde  importune  &  impudenter  petunt 
quae  vident.  Et  si  dat  homo  eis  perdit,  quia  sunt  ingrati. 
Reputant  se  dominos  mundi,  &  videtur  eis,  quod  nihil 
debeat  eis  negari  ab  aliquo.  Si  non  dat,  &  postea  indigeat 
servicio  eorum,  male  ministrant  ei.  Dederunt  nobis  bibere 
de  lacte  suo  vaccino,  a  quo  contractum  erat  butirum, 
acetoso  valde,  quod  ipsi  vocant  Apram  :  &  sic  recessimus 
ab  eis.  Et  visum  fuit  mihi  recte,  quod  evasissem  de 
manibus  daemonum.  In  crastino  pervenimus  ad  capi- 
taneum. Ex  quo  recessimus  a  Soldaia  usque  ad  Sartach 
in  duobus  mensibus  nunquam  jacuimus  in  domo  nee  in 

[I.  79.]       tentorio,   sed  semper  sub  dio,   vel   sub   bigis  nostris,  nee 
vidimus  aliquam  villam,  vel  vestigium  alicujus  aedificii  ubi 

196 


WILLIAM    DE   RUBRUQUIS  a.d. 

1253. 

fuisset  villa,  nisi  tumbas  Comanorum  in  maxima  multitu- 

dine.     Illo  sero  dedit  nobis  garcio  qui  ducebat  nos  bibere 

cosmos  ;  ad  cujus  haustum  totus  sudavi  propter  horrorem 

&  novitatem,  quia  nunquam  biberam  de  eo.  valde  tamen 

sapidum  videbatur  mihi,  sicut  vere  est. 

De  curia  Scacatay,  &  quod  Christiani  non  bibunt 

cosmos. 

MAne  ergo  obviavimus  bigis  Scacatay  onustis  domibus. 
Et  videbatur  mihi  quod  obviaret  mihi  civitas  magna. 
Mirabar  etiam  super  multitudine  armentorum  boum  & 
equorum  &  gregum  ovium  :  paucos  videbam  homines  qui 
ista  gubernarent.  unde  inquisivi  quot  homines  haberet  sub 
se  ?  &  dictum  fuit  mihi,  quod  non  plusquam  quingentos, 
quorum  medietatem  transiveramus  in  alia  herbergia.  Tunc 
incepit  mihi  dicere  garcio  qui  ducebat  nos,  quod  aliquid 
oporteret  Scacatay  dare  :  &  ipse  fecit  nos  stare,  &  praecessit 
nuncians  adventum  nostrum.  Jam  erat  hora  plusquam 
tertia,  &  deposuerunt  domos  suas  juxta  quandam  aquam. 
Et  venit  ad  nos  interpres  ipsius,  qui  statim  cognito,  quod 
nunquam  fueramus  inter  illos,  poposcit  de  cibis  nostris,  & 
dedimus  ei,  poscebat  etiam  vestimentum  aliquod,  quia 
dicturus  erat  verbum  nostrum  ante  dominum  suum.  Ex- 
cusavimus  nos.  Quaesivit  quid  portaremus  domino  suo  ? 
Accepimus  unum  flasconem  de  vino,  &  implevimus  unum 
veringal  de  biscocto  &  platellum  unum  de  pomis  &  aliis 
fructibus.  Sed  non  placebat  ei,  quia  non  ferebamus  ali- 
quem  pannum  pretiosum.  Sic  tamen  ingressi  sumus  cum 
timore  &  verecundia.  Sedebat  ipse  in  lecto  suo  tenens 
citharulam  in  manu,  &  uxor  sua  juxta  eum  :  de  qua 
credebam  in  veritate,  quod  amputasset  sibi  nasum  inter 
oculos  ut  simior  esset  :  nihil  enim  habebat  ibi  de  naso,  & 
unxerat  locum  ilium  quodam  unguento  nigro,  &  etiam 
supercilia  :  quod  erat  turpissimum  in  oculis  nostris.  Tunc 
dixi  ei  verba  supradicta.  Ubique  enim  oportebat  nos 
dicere  idem  verbum.  Super  hoc  enim  eramus  bene  prae-  Nofa 
moniti  ab  illis  qui  fuerant  inter  illos,  quod  nunquam  diligenter. 
mutaremus  verba  nostra.     Rogavi  etiam  eum  ut  dignaretur 

197 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

accipere  munusculum  de  manu  nostra,  excusans  me,  quia 
monachus  eram,  nee  erat  ordinis  nostri  possidere  aurum, 
vel  argentum,  vel  vestes  preciosas.  Unde  non  habebam 
aliquid  talium,  quod  possem  ei  dare  :  sed  de  cibis  nostris 
acciperet  pro  benedictione.  Tunc  fecit  recipi,  &  distribuit 
statim  hominibus  suis  qui  convenerant  ad  potandum.  Dedi 
etiam  ei  literas  Imperatoris  Constantinopolitani  :  (Hoc  fuit 
in  octavis  ascensionis)  Qui  statim  eas  Soldaiam  misit  ut 
ibi  interpretarentur  :  quia  erant  in  Graeco,  nee  habebat 
secum  qui  sciret  literas  Graecas.  Quaesivit  etiam  a  nobis, 
si  vellemus  bibere  cosmos,  hoc  est,  lac  jumentinum. 
Christiani  enim  Ruteni,  Graeci,  &  Alani,  qui  sunt  inter 
eos,  qui  volunt  stricte  custodire  legem  suam,  non  bibunt 
illud  :  Imo  non  reputant  se  Christianos  postquam  biberunt. 
Et  sacerdotes  eorum  reconciliant  eos,  tanquam  negassent 
fidem  Christianam.  Ego  respondi,  quod  habebamus 
adhuc  sufficienter  ad  bibendum  :  &  cum  ille  potus 
deficeret  nobis,  oporteret  nos  bibere  illud,  quod  daretur 
nobis.  Quaesivit  etiam  quid  contineretur  in  literis  nostris, 
quas  mittebatis  Sartach.  Dixi  quod  clausae  erant  bullae 
nostrae  :  &  quod  non  erant  in  eis  nisi  bona  verba  &  amica- 
bilia.  Quaesivit  &  quae  verba  diceremus  Sartach  ? 
Respondi,  Verba  fidei  Christianae.  Quaesivit  quae  ?  Quia 
libenter  vellet  audire.  Tunc  exposui  ei  prout  potui  per 
interpretem  meum,  qui  nullius  erat  ingenii,  nee  alicujus 
eloquentias,  symbolum  fidei.  Quo  audito,  ipse  tacuit  & 
movit  caput.  Tunc  assignavit  nobis  duos  homines,  qui 
nos  custodirent,  &  equos  &  boves  :  &  fecit  nos  bigare 
secum,  donee  reverteretur  nuncius,  quem  ipse  miserat  pro 
interpretatione  literarum  imperatoris  ;  &  ivimus  cum  eo 
usque  in  crastinum  Pentecostes. 

Qualiter  Alani  venerunt  ad  eos  in  vigilia 
Pentecostes. 

IN  vigilia  Pentecostes  venerunt  ad  nos  quidam  Alani, 
qui  ibi  dicuntur  II  Acias,  Christiani  secundum  ritum 
Graecorum  ;  habentes  literas  Graecas  &  sacerdotes  Graecos  : 
tamen  non  sunt  schismatici  sicut  Graeci  ;  sed  sine  accep- 

198 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  a.d. 

1253. 

tione    personarum    venerantur    omnem    Christianum  :    & 

detulerunt  nobis  carnes  coctas,  rogantes  ut  comederemus 

de  cibo  eorum,  &  oraremus  pro  quodam  defuncto  eorum. 

Tunc  dixi  quod  vigilia  erat  tantas  solennitatis,  quod  ilia  die 

non  comederemus  carnes.     Et  exposui  eis  de  solennitate, 

super  quo  fuerunt  multum  gavisi  ;  quia  omnia  ignorabant 

quae  spectant  ad  ritum  Christianum,  solo  nomine  Christi 

excepto.     Quaesiverunt    &    ipsi    &   alii   multi   Christiani, 

Ruteni  &  Hungari,  utrum  possent  salvari,  quia  oportebat 

eos  bibere  cosmos,  &  comedere  morticinia  &  interfecta  a 

Saracenis   &   aliis  infidelibus  :    quae   etiam    ipsi   Graeci   &  [I-  80.] 

Ruteni    sacerdotes    reputant    quasi    morticinia    vel     idolis 

immolata  :   quia  ignorabant  tempora  jejunii  :   nee  poterant 

custodire    etiam    si    cognovissent.     Tunc    rectificabar    eos 

prout  potui,  docens  &  confortans  in   fide.      Carnes  quas 

detulerant    reservavimus    usque   ad   diem    festum  :    nihil 

enim  inveniebamus  venale  pro  auro   &  argento,  nisi  pro 

telis   &  aliis  II  pannis  :    &  illos   non  habebamus.      Quum  II  Nota 

famuli  nostri  offerebant  eis  ipperpera,  ipsi  fricabant  digitis,  diligentissime.  \ 

&   ponebant  ad  nares,   ut  odore  sentirent,  utrum   essent 

cuprum.     Nee  dabant  nobis  cibum  nisi  lac  vaccinum  acre 

valde  &  foetidum.     Vinum  jam  deficiebat  nobis.     Aqua  j 

ita    turbabatur  ab   equis,   quod   non  erat  potabihs.     Nisi  j 

fuisset  biscoctum    quod   habebamus,   &  gratia   dei,    forte  - 

fuissemus  mortui.  J 

De   Saraceno  qui  dixit  se  velle  baptizari,   et  de  \ 

hominibus  qui  apparent  leprosi.  | 

IN  die  pentecostes  venit  ad  nos  quidam  Saracenus,   qui  I 

cum  loqueretur  nobiscum,  incepimus  exponere  fidem.  j 

Qui    audiens    beneiicia    dei    exhibita    humano    generi    in  '1 

incarnatione    Christi,   &    resurrectionem    mortuorum,    &  j 

judicium   futurum,   &  quod  ablutio  peccatorum  esset  in  ] 

baptismo  :    dixit  se  velle  baptizari.       Et  cum  pararemus  \ 

nos    ad   baptizandum   eum,   ipse   subito   ascendit   equum  jj 

suum,  dicens  se  iturum  domum  &  habiturum  consilium  j 

cum    uxore    sua.       Qui    in    crastino    loquens    nobiscum,  j 

dixit   quod  nullo   modo  auderet  accipere   baptisma,   quia  i 

199 


A.D. 
1253. 


SialiiKe. 


Decern  die  to'. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

tunc  non  biberet  cosmos.  Christiani  enim  illius  loci  hoc 
dicebant,  quod  nullus  verus  Christianus  deberet  bibere  : 
&  sine  potu  illo  non  posset  vivere  in  solitudine  ilia.  A 
qua  opinione  nullo  modo  potui  divertere  ilium.  Unde 
noveritis  pro  certo  quod  multum  elongantur  a  fide  propter 
illam  opinionem  quas  jam  viguit  inter  illos  per  Rutenos, 
quorum  maxima  multitudo  est  inter  eos.  Ilia  die  dedit 
nobis  ille  capitaneus  unum  hominem,  qui  nos  deduceret 
usque  ad  Sartach  :  &  duos  qui  ducerent  nos  usque  ad 
proximam  herbergiam  ;  quae  inde  distabat  quinque  dietas 
prout  boves  poterant  ire.  Dederunt  etiam  nobis  unam 
capram  pro  cibo  &  plures  utres  lactis  vaccini,  &  de 
cosmos  parum  :  quia  illud  preciosum  est  inter  illos.  Et 
sic  arripientes  iter  recte  in  aquilonem,  visum  fuit  mihi 
quod  unam  portam  inferni  transissemus.  Garciones  qui 
ducebant  nos,  incipiebant  nobis  audacter  furari,  quia  vide- 
bant  nos  parum  cautos.  Tandem  amissis  pluribus  vexatio 
dabat  nobis  intellectum.  Pervenimus  tandem  ad  extremi- 
tatem  illius  provincias,  quas  clauditur  uno  fossato  ab  uno 
mari  usque  ad  aliud  :  extra  quam  erat  herbergia  eorum 
apud  quos  intrassemus  :  videbantur  nobis  leprosi  omnes  : 
quia  erant  viles  homines  ibi  collocati,  ut  reciperent 
tributum  ab  accipientibus  sal  a  salinis  superius  dictis.  Ab 
illo  loco,  ut  dicebant,  oportebat  nos  ambulare  quindecim 
diebus,  quibus  non  inveniremus  populum.  Cum  illis 
bibimus  cosmos  :  &  dedimus  illis  unum  veringal  plenum 
fructibus  &  panem  biscoctum.  Qui  dederunt  nobis 
octo  boves,  unam  capram  pro  tanto  itinere,  &  nescio  quot 
utres  plenos  lacte  vaccino.  Sic  mutatis  bobus  arripuimus 
iter,  quod  perfecimus  decem  diebus  usque  ad  aliam 
herbergiam  :  nee  invenimus  aquam  in  ilia  via  nisi  in  fossis 
in  convallibus  factis,  exceptis  duobus  parvis  fluminibus. 
Et  tendebamus  recte  in  orientem  ex  quo  exivimus  praedic- 
tam  provinciam  Gasariae,  habentes  mare  ad  meridiem  & 
vastam  solitudinem  ad  aquilonem  :  quae  durat  per  viginti 
dietas  alicubi  in  latitudine  :  In  qua  nulla  est  sylva,  nullus 
mons,  nullus  lapis.  Herba  est  optima.  In  hac  solebant 
pascere    Comani,   qui    dicuntur    Capchat.      A  Teutonicis 

200 


WILLIAM    DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 

vero  dicuntur  Valani,  &  provincia  Valania.     Ab   Isidore 

vero  dicitur  a  flumine  Tanai  usque  ad  paludes  Meotidis 

&  Danubium  Alania.     Et  durat  ista  terra  in  longitudine  a   Coman'ice  lon- 

Danubio    usque    Tanaim  ;     qui    est    terminus    Asiae    &  ^^^^  °' 

Europae,    itinere    duorum    mensium    velociter   equitando 

prout  equitant  Tartari :    Quae  tota  inhabitabatur  a  Comanis 

Capchat,   &  etiam  ultra  a  Tanai  usque   II  Etiliam  :    Inter  \\Etiliaqu^ 

qu^   flumina   sunt  decern  dietae  magnae.     Ad  aquilonem    ^  ^^^^^ 

vero   istius   provinciae   jacet    Russia,   quae    ubique    sylvas  \^^^^i^ 

habet,    &    protenditur    a    Polonia    &    Hungaria    usque 

Tanaim  :     quae    tota    vastata    est    a    Tartaris,    &    adhuc 

quotidie  vastatur.     Praeponunt  enim   Rutenis,  quia  sunt 

Christiani,  Saracenos  :    &  cum  non  possunt  amplius  dare 

aurum    vel    argentum,    ducunt    eos    &    parvulos    eorum 

tanquam    greges   ad    solitudinem    ut   custodiant    animalia 

eorum.     Ultra  Russiam  ad  aquilonem  est  Prussia,  quam  Prussia. 

nuper   subjugaverunt  totam  fratres  Teutonici.     Et  certe 

de  facili  acquierent  Russiam,  si  apponerent  manum.     Si 

enim   Tartari   audirent,  quod  magnus   sacerdos,    hoc   est, 

Papa  faceret  cruce  signari  contra  eos,  omnes  fugerent  ad 

solitudines  suas. 

De  tediis  qus  patiebantur,   &  de  sepultura 
Comanorum. 

IBamus  ergo  versus  orientem,  nihil  videntes  nisi 
coelum  &  terram,  &  aliquando  mare  ad  dextram,  quod 
dicitur  Mare  Tanais,  &  etiam  sepulturas  Comanorum, 
quae  apparebant  nobis  a  duabus  leucis  secundum  quod  [I- 
solebant  parentelae  eorum  sepeliri  simul.  Quam  diu 
eramus  in  solitudine  bene  erat  nobis  :  quod  taedium  quod 
patiebar  quum  veniebamus  ad  mansiones  eorum  non 
possem  exprimere  verbis.  Volebat  enim  dux  noster,  quod 
ad  quoslibet  capitaneos  ingrederer  cum  xenio  :  &  ad  hoc 
non  sufficiebant  expensse.  Quotidie  enim  eramus  octo 
personae  comedentes  viaticum  nostrum  exceptis  servienti- 
bus,  qui  omnes  volebant  comedere  nobiscum.  Nos  enim 
eramus  quinque,  &  ipsi  tres  qui  ducebant  nos  :  duo 
ducentes    bigas,    &    unus     iturus    nobiscum    usque    ad 

201 


81 


A.D. 
1253. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


mus  ibi 
a:  state. 


Sartach.  Carnes  quas  dabant  non  sufficiebant  ;  nee 
inveniebamus  aliquid  venale  pro  moneta.  Et  eum 
Calor  max'i-  sedebamus  sub  bigis  nostris  pro  umbra,  quia  ealor  erat 
ibi  maximus  illo  tempore,  ipsi  ita  importune  ingerebant 
se  nobis,  quod  conculcabant  nos,  volentes  omnia  nostra 
videre.  Si  arripiebat  eos  appetitus  purgandi  ventrem, 
non  elongabant  se  a  nobis,  quam  possit  faba  jactari. 
Imo  juxta  nos  colloquentes  mutuo  faciebant  immunditias 
suas  :  &  multa  alia  faciebant  quae  erant  supra  modum 
taediosa.  Super  omnia  gravabat  me,  quod  cum  volebam 
dicere  eis  aliquod  verbum  aedificationis,  interpres  meus 
dicebat,  non  facietis  me  praedicare  :  quia  nescio  talia  verba 
dicere.  Et  verum  dicebat.  Ego  enim  perpendi  postea, 
quum  incepi  aliquantulum  intelligere  idioma,  quod  quum 
dicebam  unum,  ipse  totum  aliud  dicebat,  secundum  quod 
ei  occurrebat.  Tunc  videns  periculum  loquendi  per 
ipsum,  elegi  magis  tacere.  Ambulavimus  ergo  cum 
magno  labore  de  mansione  in  mansionem  :  ita  quod 
paucis  diebus  ante  festum  beatae  Mariae  Magdalenae  veni 
ad  fluvium  magnum  Tanais  :  qui  dividit  Asiam  ab 
Europa,  sicut  Nilus  fluvius  ^gypti,  Asiam  ab  Africa. 
In  illo  loco  quo  applicuimus  fecerunt  Baatu  &  Sartach 
fieri  quoddam  casale  de  Rutenis  in  ripa  orientali,  qui 
transferunt  nuncios  &  mercatores  cum  naviculis.  Ipsi 
transtulerunt  nos  primo  &  postea  bigas  ponentes  unam 
rotam  in  una  barca  &  aliam  in  alia,  ligantes  barcas  ad 
invicem ;  &  sic  remigantes  transibant.  Ibi  egit  dux 
noster  valde  stulte.  Ipse  enim  credebat,  quod  illi  de 
casali  deberent  nobis  ministrare  equos,  &  dimisit  animalia 
quas  adduxeramus  in  alia  biga,  ut  redirent  ad  dominos 
suos.  Et  quum  postulavimus  ab  eis  animalia,  ipsi 
respondebant  quod  habebant  privilegium  a  Baatu,  quod 
non  tenerentur  ad  aliud,  nisi  transferre  euntes  & 
redeuntes :  etiam  a  mercatoribus  accipiebant  magnum 
tributum.  Stetimus  ergo  ibi  in  ripa  fluminis  tribus 
diebus.  Prima  die  dederunt  nobis  magnam  borbatam 
recentem :  secunda  die  panem  de  siligine  &  parum  de 
carnibus,    quas    acceperat    procurator    villas    ostiatim    per 

202 


Tanais 

fluvius. 


Casale  Rute 
nor  urn. 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

Jf253- 
diversas  domos.      Tertia   die   pisces  siccos,   quos   habent 
ibi   in   magna   multitudine.       Fluvius   ille  erat   ibi  tantas  Latitudo 
latitudinis,  quantas   est   Sequana  Parisiis.       Et  antequam   ^^«^^^- 
pervenissemus  ad  locum  ilium,  transivimus  multas  aquas 
pulcherrimas   &   piscosissimas :    Sed  Tartari   nesciunt  eos 
capere :    nee   curant  de   pisce   nisi    sit   ita   magnus,   quod 
possunt    comedere    carnes    ejus,    sicut    carnes    arietinas. 
Ille    fluvius    est    terminus    Orientalis   Russiae ;    &   oritur 
de  paludibus  quae  pertingunt  ad  Oceanum  ad  aquilonem.   Oceanus. 
Fluvius  vero  currit   ad  meridiem   in   quoddam   magnum 
Mare    septingentorum    millium,    antequam    pertingat    ad 
Mare  Ponti  :     Et  omnes  aquae  quas  transivimus  vadunt 
ad  illas  partes.      Habet  etiam  pr^dictum  flumen  magnam 
sylvam    in    ripa    Occidentali.       Ultra    locum    ilium    non 
ascendunt  Tartari  versus  Aquilonem  :  quia  tunc  temporis 
II  circa    introitumx  Augusti    incipiunt   redire   versus    meri-  \Adintroitum 
diem.       Unde    aliud    est    casale    inferius    ubi    transeunt   /^^!^^!^'  , 

,  .    .  .  dtunt  ad  ; 

nuncn   tempore   hyemali.       ilramus   igitur  ibi   m   magna  meridiem.  \ 

angustia,    quia   nee    equos    nee   boves    inveniebamus   pro  i 

pecunia.     Tandem   postquam   ostendi  eis,   quod  laboravi  ^ 

pro    communi    utilitate    omnium    Christianorum,   accom-  \ 

modaverunt  nobis  boves  &  homines :    nos  autem   opor-  1 

tebat   ire   pedibus.      Tunc  temporis  metebant  siliginem :  • 

triticum    non    proficiebat    ibi   bene.       Milium   habent   in  \ 

magna    copia.       Mulieres     Rutenas     ornant    capita    sicut  I 

nostras.       Supertunicalia    sua    exterius    ornant    vario    vel  -i 

grisio    a    pedibus    usque    ad    genua.       Homines    portant  \ 

capas   sicut   Teutonici  :    sed   in   capite   portant   pileos   de  i 

filtro  acutos  in  summitate  longo  acumine.     Ambulavimus  '] 

ergo   tribus  diebus  non   invenientes   populum.     Et   cum  ■ 

essemus    valde    fatigati   &   boves   similiter,   nee   sciremus  \ 

quorsum  possemus  Tartaros  invenire,  accurrerunt  subito  j 

duo   equi,   quos   recepimus   cum    gaudio    magno,   &   as-  i 

cenderunt    eos    dux    noster   &    interpres,   ut    specularen-  I 

tur    quorsum    possemus    populum     invenire.       Tandem  \ 

quarta    die    inventis    hominibus    gavisi    sumus    tanquam  \ 

naufragi    venientes    ad    portum.       Tunc    acceptis    equis  I 

&  bobus  ivimus  de  mansione  ad  mansionem  donee  per-  | 

203  I 


A.D. 
1253- 


[I.    82.] 


Merdui  Sara- 


vel  Volga 


fiuvius. 


II  Kerkis. 
vel  A  as. 

Lesgi  Sara- 
cent. 


II  Reditus  ejus 
per  Derbent. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

venimus  usque  ad  herbergiam  Sartach  secundo  Calendas 
August!. 

De  regione  Sartach,  &  de  gentibus  illius. 

REgio  ista  ultra  Tanaim  est  pulcherrima,  habens 
flumina  &  sylvas  ad  aquilonem.  Sunt  sylvae 
maximae,  quas  inhabitant  duo  genera  hominum  :  Moxel 
scilicet,  qui  sunt  sine  lege,  puri  pagani.  Civitatem  non 
habent  sed  casulas  in  sylvis.  Dominus  eorum  &  magna 
pars  eorum  fuerunt  interfecti  in  Alemania.  Tartari  enim 
duxerant  eos  ad  introitum  Alemaniae.  Unde  ipsi  multum 
commendant  Alemanos,  sperantes  quod  adhuc  liberabuntur 
per  eos  a  servitute  Tartarorum.  Si  mercator  veniat  ad 
eos,  oportet  quod  ille  apud  quem  primo  descendit  pro- 
videat  ei  quamdiu  vult  esse  inter  eos.  Si  quis  dormiat 
cum  uxore  alterius,  ille  non  curat  nisi  videat  propriis 
oculis :  unde  non  sunt  Zelotypi.  Abundant  apud  eos 
porci,  mel,  &  cera,  pelles  precios^,  &  falcones.  Post  illos 
sunt  alii  qui  dicuntur  Merdas,  quos  latini  vocant  Merduos, 
&  sunt  Saraceni.  Post  illos  est  il  Etilia,  quae  est  major 
fluvius,  quam  unquam  viderim  :  &  venit  ab  Aquilone  de 
majori  Bulgaria  tendens  ad  meridiem  :  &  cadit  in  quen- 
dam  lacum  habentem  spacium  quatuor  mensium  in  circuitu, 
de  quo  postea  dicam  vobis.  Ista  ergo  duo  flumina  Tanais 
&  Etilia  versus  regiones  Aquilonis  per  quas  transivimus 
non  distant  ab  invicem  nisi  decem  dietis,  sed  ad  meridiem 
multurn  dividuntur  ab  invicem.  Tanais  enim  descendit 
in  Mare  Ponti :  Etilia  facit  praedictum  Mare  sive  lacum, 
cum  aliis  multis  fluminibus,  quae  cadunt  in  ilium  de  Per- 
side.  Habebamus  autem  ad  meridiem  montes  maximos 
in  quibus  habitant  in  lateribus  versus  solitudinem  illam 
Cergis  &  Alani  sive  II  Acas,  qui  sunt  Christiani  &  adhuc 
pugnant  contra  Tartaros.  Post  istos  prope  Mare  sive 
lacum  Etiliae  sunt  quidam  Saraceni  qui  dicuntur  Lesgi, 
qui  similiter  obediunt.  Post  hos  est  Porta  ferrea,  quam 
fecit  Alexander  ad  excludendas  Barbaras  gentes  de 
Perside :  de  cujus  situ  dicam  vobis  postea,  II  quia  transivi 
per  eam   in   reditu.      Et  inter   ista  duo   flumina  in   illis 

204 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 
terris  per  quas  transivimus  habitabant  Comani  antequam 
Tartar!  occuparent  eas. 

De  Curia  Sartach  &  de  gloria  ejus. 

INvenimus  ergo  Sartach  prope  Etiliam  per  tres  dietas : 
cujus  curia  valde  magna  videbatur  nobis :  quia  habet 
sex  uxores,  &  filius  ejus  primogenitus  juxta  eum  duas  vel 
tres :  &  quaelibet  habet  domum  magnam  &  bigas  forte 
ducentas.  Accessit  autem  ductor  noster  ad  quendam 
Nestorinum  Coiat  nomine,  qui  est  unus  de  majoribus  CoiatNestori- 
Curiae  suae.  Ille  fecit  nos  ire  valde  longe  ad  domini  '^^•^• 
Januam.  Ita  vocant  ilium  qui  habet  officium  recipiendi 
nuncios.  In  sero  prascepit  nobis  dictus  Coiat,  ut 
veniremus  ad  eum.  Tunc  incepit  qu^rere  ductor  noster 
quid  portaremus  ei,  &  coepit  multum  scandalizari,  quum 
vidit  quod  nihil  parabamus  ad  portandum.  Stetimus 
coram  eo,  &  ipse  sedebat  in  gloria  sua  &  faciebat  sonare 
citharam  &  saltare  coram  se.  Tunc  dixi  ei  verba 
pr^dicta  qualiter  veniremus  ad  dominum  ejus,  rogans 
eum  ut  juvaret  nos  ut  Dominus  ejus  videret  literas 
nostras.  Excusavi  etiam  me  quia  monachus  eram,  non 
habens,  nee  recipiens,  nee  tractans  aurum  vel  argentum 
vel  aliquid  preciosum,  solis  libris  &  capella  in  qua 
serviebamus  deo  exceptis  :  unde  nullum  xenium  affere- 
bamus  ei  nee  domino  suo.  Qui  enim  propria  dimiseram, 
non  poteram  portator  esse  alienorum.  Tunc  respondit 
satis  mansuete,  quod  bene  faciebam  ex  quo  eram 
monachus:  sic  servarem  votum  meum,  &  non  indigebat 
rebus  nostris ;  sed  magis  daret  nobis  de  suis,  si  indigere- 
mus :  &  fecit  nos  sedere  &  bibere  de  lacte  suo.  Et  post 
pauca  rogavit  ut  diceremus  benedictionem  pro  eo,  quod 
&  fecimus.  Quaesivit  &  quis  esset  major  dominus  inter 
Francos.  Dixi,  Imperator,  si  haberet  terram  suam  in 
pace.  Non,  inquit,  sed  Rex  Francias.  Audiverat  enim 
de  vobis  a  domino  Baldewyno  de  Hannonia.  Inveni 
etiam  ibi  unum  de  Sociis  domus  Dominicae,  qui  fuerat 
in  Cypro,  qui  narraverat  omnia  quae  viderat.  Tunc 
reversi  sumus  ad  hospitium  nostrum.      In  crastino  misi 

205 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

1253- 

ei  unum  flasconem  de  vino  Muscato,  quod  optime  se 
custodierat  in  tarn  longa  via ;  &  cophinum  plenum 
biscocto  quod  fuit  ei  gratissimum,  &  retinuit  illo  sero 
famulos  nostros  secum.  In  crastino  mandavit  mihi  quod 
venirem  ad  curiam  ;  afferens  literas  regis  &  capellam  & 
libros  mecum,  quia  dominus  suus  vellet  videre  ea :  quod 
&  fecimus,  onerantes  unam  bigam  libris  &  capella,  & 
aliam  pane  &  vino  &  fructibus.  Tunc  fecit  omnes  libros 
&  vestes  explicari,  &  circumstabant  nos  in  equis  multi 
Tartari  &  Christiani  &  Saraceni :  quibus  inspectis, 
quaesivit,  si  vellem  ista  omnia  dare  domino  suo,  quo 
audito,  expavi,  &  displicuit  mihi  verbum,  dissimulans 
tamen  respondi,  domine  rogamus,  quatenus  dominus 
noster  dignetur  recipere  panem  istum,  vinum  &  fructus 
non  pro  xenio  quia  exiguum  quid  est,  sed  pro  bene- 
dictione,  ne  vacua  manu  veniamus  coram  eo.  Ipse 
autem  videbit  literas  domini  regis,  &  per  eas  sciet,  qua 
de  causa  venimus  ad  eum :  &  tunc  stabimus  mandato 
ejus  nos  &  omnes  res  nostrae.  Vestes  enim  sanctae 
sunt,  &  non  licet  eas  contingere  nisi  sacerdotibus.  Tunc 
praecepit  quod  indueremus  nos  ituri  coram  domino  suo  : 
quod  &  fecimus.  Ego  autem  indutus  preciosioribus 
v.  vestibus  accepi  in  pectore  pulvinar,  quod  erat  valde 
pulchrum,  &  biblium  quod  dederatis  mihi,  psalterium 
pulcherrimum,  quod  dederat  mihi  domina  regina,  in  quo 
erant  picturas  pulchras.  Socius  meus  accepit  missale  & 
crucem,  clericus  indutus  supercilicio  accepit  thuribulum  : 
sic  accessimus  ante  dominum  ejus:  &  levaverunt 
[I-  83.]  filtrum  quod  pendebat  ante  ostium  ut  nos  posset  videre. 
Tunc  fecerunt  flectere  genua  ter  clerico  &  interpreti : 
a  nobis  non  requisiverunt.  Tunc  monuerunt  nos 
valde  diligenter,  ut  caveremus  ingrediendo  &  egredi- 
endo  ne  tangeremus  limen  domus,  &  ut  cantaremus 
aliquam  benedictionem  pro  eo.  Tunc  ingressi  sumus 
cantando.  Salve  regina.  In  introitu  autem  ostii  stabat 
bancus  cum  cosmos  &  cum  ciphis.  Et  convenerant 
omnes  uxores  ejus :  &  ipsi  Moal.  Ingredientes  nobiscum 
comprimebant  nos.     Illic  Coiac  tulit  ei  thuribulum  cum, 

206 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  a.d. 

1253. 

incenso,  quod  ipse  respexit,  tenens  in  manu  diligenter : 
postea  tulit  ei  psalterium  quod  valde  respexit,  &  uxor 
ejus  sedens  juxta  eum.  Postea  tulit  biblium,  &  ipse 
quaesivit,  si  evangelium  esset  ibi.  Dixi,  etiam  tota 
Scriptura  Sacra.  Accepit  etiam  crucem  in  manu  sua,  & 
quaesivit  de  imagine,  utrum  esset  imago  Christi  ? 
Respondi  quod  sic.  Ipsi  Nestoriani  &  Armeni  nunquam 
faciunt  super  cruces  suas  figuram  Christi.  Unde 
videntur  male  sentire  de  passione,  vel  erubescunt  eam. 
Postea  fecit  circumstantes  nos  retrahere  se,  ut  plenius 
posset  videre  ornamenta  nostra.  Tunc  obtuli  ei  literas 
vestras  cum  transcriptis  in  Arabico  &  Syriano.  Feceram 
enim  eas  transferri  in  Aeon  in  utraque  litera  &  lingua. 
Et  ibi  erant  sacerdotes  Armeni,  qui  sciebant  Turcicum 
&  Arabicum,  &  Ille  Socius  domus  Domini  qui  sciebat 
Syrianum,  &  Turcicum  &  Arabicum.  Tunc  exivimus 
&  deposuimus  vestimenta  nostra :  &  venerunt  scriptores 
&  ille  Coiac,  &  fecerunt  literas  interpretari.  Quibus 
auditis,  fecit  recipi  panem  &  vinum  &  fructus :  vesti- 
menta &  libros  fecit  nos  reportare  ad  hospitium.  Hoc 
actum  est  in  festo  Sancti  Petri  ad  vincula. 

Qualiter  habuerunt  in  mandatis  adire  Baatu 
patrem  Sartach. 

IN  crastino  mane  venit  quidam  sacerdos  frater  ipsius 
Coiac  postulans  vasculum  cum  chrismate,  quia  Sartach 
volebat  illud  videre,  ut  dicebat,  &  dedimus  ei.  Hora 
vespertina  vocavit  nos  Coiac,  dicens  nobis :  Dominus  rex 
scripsit  bona  verba  Domino  meo  :  Sed  sunt  in  eis  difficilia^ 
de  quibus  nihil  auderet  facere,  sine  consilio  patris  sui. 
Unde  oportet  vos  ire  ad  patrem  suum,  &  duas  bigas  quas 
adduxistis  heri  cum  vestimentis  &  libris  dimittetis  mihi, 
quia  Dominus  meus  vult  res  diligentius  videre.  Ego 
statim  suspicatus  sum  malum  de  cupiditate  ejus,  &  dixi 
ei.  Domine,  non  solum  illas  sed  etiam  duas  quas  adhuc 
habemus  relinquemus  sub  custodia  vestra.  Non  inquit, 
illas  relinquetis,  de  aliis  facietis  velle  vestrum.  Dixi  quod 
hoc  nullo  modo  posset  fieri.     Sed  totam  dimitteremus  ei. 

207 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253. 

Tunc  quaesivit  si  vellemus  morari  in  terra  ?  Ego  dixi,  Si 
bene  intellexistis  literas  domini  regis,  potestis  scire,  quod 
sic.  Tunc  dixit,  quod  oporteret  nos  esse  patientes  mul- 
tum,  &  humiles.  Sic  discessimus  ab  eo  illo  sero.  In 
crastino  mane  misit  unum  sacerdotem  Nestorinum  pro 
bigis,  &  nos  duximus  omnes  quatuor.  Tunc  occurrens 
nobis  frater  ipsius  Coiacis,  seperavit  omnia  nostra  ab  ipsis 
rebus  quas  tuleramus  pridie  ad  curiam,  &  ilia  accepit 
tanquam  sua,  scilicet  libros  &  vestimenta :  &  Coiac  prae- 
ceperat,  quod  ferremus  nobiscum  vestimenta  quibus  induti 
fueramus  coram  Sartach  ut  illis  indueremur  coram  Baatu 
si  expediret :  quas  ille  sacerdos  abstulit  nobisvi,  dicens  : 
Tu  attulisti  eas  ad  Sartach,  modo  vis  ferre  Baatu  ?  Et 
cum  vellem  ei  reddere  rationem,  respondit  mihi,  Ne 
loquaris  nimis,  &  vade  viam  tuam.  Tunc  necessaria  fuit 
patientia,  quia  apud  Sartach,  non  patebat  nobis  ingressus ; 
nee  aliquis  erat,  qui  nobis  exhiberet  justiciam.  Timebam 
etiam  de  interprete,  ne  ipse  aliquid  aliter  dixisset,  quam 
ego  dixissem  ei  :  quia  ipse  bene  voluisset,  quod  de  omni- 
bus fecissemus  xenium.  Unum  erat  mihi  solacium,  quia 
quum  persensi  cupiditatem  eorum,  ego  subtraxi  de  libris 
Biblium  &  sententias,  &  alios  libros  quos  magis  diligebam. 
Psalterium  dominae  reginas  non  fui  ausus  subtrahere,  quia 
illud  fuerat  nimis  notatum  propter  aureas  picturas  quas 
erant  in  eo.  Sic  ergo  reversi  sumus  cum  duobus  residuis 
bigis  ad  hospitium  nostrum.  Tunc  venit  ille,  qui  debebat 
ducere  nos  ad  Baatu,  volens  cum  festinatione  arripere  iter  : 
cui  dixi  quod  nulla  ratione  ducerem  bigas.  Quod  ipse 
retulit  ad  Coiac.  Tunc  praecepit  Coiac  quod  relinqueremus 
eas  apud  ipsum  cum  garcione  nostro  :  quod  &  fecimus. 
Sic  ergo  euntes  versus  Baatu  recta  in  Orientem,  tertia  die 
Perven'iunt  ad  pervenimus  ad  Etiliam  :  cujus  aquas  cum  vidi,  mirabar 
Etiham  vel  unde  ab  Aquilone  descenderunt  tantas  aquse.  Antequam 
ogam,  recederemus  a  Sartach,  dixit  nobis  supradictus  Coiac  cum 

Tartarivolunt  aliis  multis  scriptoribus  curiae,  Nolite  dicere  quod  dominus 
vocari  Moal.     roster  sit  Christianus,  sed  Moal.     Quia  nomen  Christiani- 
tatis    videtur    eis    nomen    cujusdam    gentis.      In    tantam 
superbiam  sunt  erecti,  quod  quamvis  aliquid  forte  credant 

208 


'■CI. 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253- 
de  Christo,  tamen  nolunt  dici   Christiani  volentes  nomen 
suum,  hoc  est,  Moal  exaltare  super  omne  nomen.     Nee  [I-  84.] 
volunt  vocari  Tartar! :    Tartar!  enim  fuerunt  alia  gens  de 
quibus  sic  didici. 

Qualiter  Sartach,  &  Mangucham  &  Kencham 
faciunt  reverentiam  Christianis. 

TEmpore    quo    Franci     ceperunt    Antiochiam    tenebat 
monarchiam  in  illis  lateribus  Aquilonis   quidam   qui 
vocabatur    Concan.       Con    est    proprium    nomen :     Can   Cofi  can. 
nomen  dignitatis  quod  idem  est  qui   divinator.     Omnes 
divinatores  vocant   Can.      Unde  principes   dicuntur   Can, 
quia  penes  eos  spectat  regimen  populi  per  divinationem. 
Unde  legitur  in  historia  Antiochias,  quod  Turci  miserunt 
propter  succursum  contra  Francos  ad  regnum  Con  can. 
De  illis  enim  partibus  venerunt  omnes  Turci.     Iste  Con   Unde  vene- 
erat   Cara-Catay.      Cara    idem    est    quod    nigrum.      Catai  ^'",^[  ^^^" 
nomen   gentis.      Unde    Cara-Catay  idem   est    quod    nigri  ■^' 

Catay.     Et    hoc    dicitur    ad  differentiam   ipsorum    Catay 
qui  erant  in  Oriente  super    Oceanum  de   quibus   postea  Oceanus. 
dicam  vobis.     Isti  Catay  erant  in  quibusdam  alpibus  per 
quas  transivi.     Et  in  quadam  planicie  inter  illas  Alpes  erat 
quidam  Nestorinus  pastor  potens  &  dominus  super  popu- 
lum,  qui  dicebatur  Yayman,  qui  erant  Christiani  Nestorini.  ^^l  Naymrji. 
Mortuo   Con  can  elevavit  se  ille  Nestorius  in  regem,  & 
vocabant    eum    Nestoriani    Regem    Johannem :     &    plus  P^^^h^^^'  •^^- 
dicebant  de  ipso  in  decuplo  quam  Veritas  esset.      Ita  enim 
faciunt  Nestoriani  venientes  de  partibus  illis.      De  nihilo 
enim  faciunt  magnos  rumores.      Unde  disseminaverunt  de 
Sartach  quod  esset  Christianus,  &  de  Mangu  Can  &  Ken 
can  :  quia  faciunt  majorem  reverentiam  Christianis,  quam 
aliis  populis,  &  tamen  in  veritate  Christiani  non  sunt.     Sic 
ergo    exivit   magna    fama    de    illo    Rege    Johanne.      Et  Kencham  ubi 
quando  ego  transivi  per  pascua  ejus,  nullus  aliquid  sciebat  habitavit. 
de    eo    nisi    Nestoriani    pauci.      In    pascuis   ejus   habitat   'Prater  And-^ 
Kencam,  apud  cujus  curiam  fuit  frater  Andreas  :    &  ego  ^!^^  ^^  ^^^'^^ 
etiam    transivi    per   eam   in   reditu.      Huic  Johanni    erat  ^^^^  ^^^  \,^i 
frater   quidam   potens,  pastor   similiter,  nomine   Vut :    &   Unc. 
I  209  o 


A.D. 
1253- 


Caracarum. 
Villula. 
CriU  e5 
Merkit. 


Moal pauper- 
rimi  homines. 


Tartarorum 
sedes. 


Cyngis. 


Mangu-can. 


Mancherule. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

ipse  erat  ultra  Alpes  ipsorum  Caracatay,  distans  a  fratre 
suo  spacium  trlum  hebdomadarum  &  erat  dominus  cujus- 
dam  Villulae  quae  dicitur  Caracarum,  populum  habens  sub 
se,  qui  dicebantur  Crit,  Merkit,  qui  erant  Christiani 
Nestorini.  Sed  ipse  dominus  eorum  dimisso  cultu 
Christi,  sectabatur  idola;  habens  sacerdotes  idolorum,  qui 
omnes  sunt  invocatores  daemonum  &  sortilegi.  Ultra 
pascua  istius  ad  decern  vel  quindecem  dietas  erant  pascua 
Moal :  qui  erant  pauperrimi  homines  sine  capitaneo  & 
sine  lege,  exceptis  sortilegiis  &  divinationibus,  quibus 
omnes  in  partibus  illis  intendunt.  Et  juxta  Moal  erant 
alii  pauperes,  qui  dicebantur  Tartari.  Rex  Johannes 
mortuus  fuit  sine  haerede,  &  ditatus  est  frater  ejus  Unc ; 
&  faciebat  se  vocari  Can  :  &  mittebantur  armenta  greges 
ejus  usque  ad  terminos  Moal.  Tunc  temporis  Chingis 
faber  quidam  erat  in  populo  Moal :  &  furabatur  de 
animalibus  Unc  can  quod  poterat :  In  tantum  quod  con- 
questi  sunt  pastores  Vut  domino  suo.  Tunc  congregavit 
exercitum  be  equitavit  in  terram  Moal,  quaerens  ipsum 
Cyngis.  Et  ille  fugit  inter  Tartaros  &  latuit  ibi.  Tunc 
ipse  Vut  accepta  praeda  Moal  &  a  Tartaris  reversus  est. 
Tunc  ipse  Cyngis  allocutus  est  Tartaros  &  ipsos  Moal 
dicens.  Quia  sine  duce  sumus  opprimunt  nos  vicini  nostri, 
Et  fecerunt  ipsum  ducem  &  capitaneum  Tartari  &  Moal. 
Tunc  latenter  congregato  exercitu  irruit  super  ipsum  Vut, 
&  vicit  ipsum,  &  ipse  fugit  in  Cathaiam.  Ibi  capta  fuit 
filia  ejus,  quam  Cyngis  dedit  uni  ex  filiis  in  uxorem,  ex 
quo  ipsa  suscepit  istum  qui  nunc  regnat  Mangu.  Tunc 
ipse  Cyngis  premittebat  ubique  ipsos  Tartaros :  &  inde 
exivit  nomen  eorum,  quia  ubique  clamabatur,  Ecce  Tartari 
veniunt.  Sed  per  crebra  bella  modo  omnes  fere  deleti 
sunt.  Unde  isti  Moal  modo  volunt  extinguere  illud 
nomen,  &  suum  elevare.  Terra  ilia  in  qua  primo  fue- 
runt,  &  ubi  est  adhuc  curia  Cyngiscan,  vocatur  Man- 
cherule. Sed  quia  Tartari  est  regio  circa  quam  fuit 
acquisitio  eorum,  illam  civitatem  habent  pro  regali,  &  ibi 
prope  eligunt  suum  Can. 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad.  j 

1253-  ] 

De  Rutenis  &   Hungaris,  &  Alanis,  &  de  mari     [i-  85-] 

Caspio. 

DE  Sartach  autem  utrum  credit  in  Christum  vel  non 

nescio.     Hoc  scio  quod  Christianus  non  vult  dici.  j 

Immo   magis    videtur    mihi    deridere    Christianos.      Ipse  < 

enim    est    in    itinere   Christianorum,   scilicet   Rutenorum,  .; 

Blacorum,   Bulgarorum    minoris    Bulgariae,   Soldainorum,  ; 

Kerkisorum,  Alanorum  :    qui   omnes   transeunt  per  eum  i 

quum   vadunt  ad  curiam    patris    sui   deferre  ei   munera,  ! 

unde  magis  amplectitur  eos.     Tamen  si  Saraceni  veniant,  ! 
&  majus  afferant,  citius  expediuntur.      Habet  etiam  circa 
se  Nestorinos  sacerdotes,  qui  pulsant  tabulam,  &  cantant 

officium  suum.  ] 

Est    alius   qui   dicitur    Berta    super    Baatu,    qui    pascit  Serta  vel  j 

versus  Portam  ferream,  ubi  est  iter  Saracenorum  omnium  ^^^'^^'  \ 

qui    veniunt  de    Perside   &    de   Turchia,  qui  euntes   ad  i 

Baatu,  &  transeuntes  per  eum,  deferunt  ei  munera.     Et  i 

ille    facit    se    Saracenum,   &    non    permittit    in   terra  sua  j 

comedi  carnes  porcinas.     Baatu   in   reditu   nostro  praece-  j 

perat  ei,  quod  transferret  se  de  illo  loco  ultra  Etiliam  ad  j 

Orientem,  nolens  nuncios  Saracenorum  transire  per  eum,  • 

quia  videbatur  sibi  damnosum.  I 

Quatuor  autem  diebus  quibus  fuimus  in  curia  Sartach,  j 

nunquam  provisum  fuit  nobis  de  cibo,  nisi  semel  de  modico  I 

cosmos.     In  via  vero  inter  ipsum  &  patrem  suum  habui-  \ 

mus  magnum    timorem.      Ruteni   enim    &    Hungari,   &  j 

Alani   servi   eorum,  quorum    est   magna   multitudo   inter  i 

eos,  associant  se  viginti  vel  triginta  simul,  &  fugiunt  de  \ 

nocte,  habentes  pharetras  &  arcus,  &  quemcunque  inveni-  | 

unt  de  nocte  interficiunt,  de  die  latitantes.     Et  quando  i 

sunt  equi  eorum  fatigati  veniunt  de  nocte  ad  multitudinem  ; 

equorum  in  pascuis,  &  mutant  equos,  &  unum  vel  duos  \ 

ducunt   secum,  ut  comedant  quum  indiguerint.     Occur-  j 

sum  ergo  talium  timebat  multum  Dux  noster.     In  ilia  via  ; 

fuissemus  mortui   fame,  si   non  portavissemus  nobiscum  \ 

modicum  de  biscocto.  - 

Venimus  tandem  ad  Etiliam   maximum  flumen.     Est  j 

211  ] 


A.D. 
1253. 

Exacta  marts. 

Caspii 

descriptio. 


Canglce  po- 
puli,  vel 
Cangitt(^. 


Frater  And- 
reas. 


Reprehenditur 
Isidori  error 
de  mart 
Caspio. 

[1.  86.] 


Oceanus 
Jquilonaris. 

Isidorus. 

Oceanus 

Jquilonaris. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

enim  in  quadruple  majus  quam  Sequana,  &  profundissi- 
mum  :  Veniens  de  majori  Bulgaria,  quae  est  ad  Aquilo- 
nem,  tendens  in  quendam  lacum,  sive  quoddam  mare, 
quod  modo  vocant  mare  Sircan,  a  quadam  civitate,  quae 
est  juxta  ripam  ejus  in  Perside.  Sed  Isidorus  vocat  illud 
mare  Caspium.  Habet  enim  montes  Caspios,  &  Persi- 
dem  a  meridie :  montes  vero  Musihet,  hoc  est,  Assassi- 
norum  ad  Orientem,  qui  contiguantur  cum  montibus 
Caspiis :  Ad  Aquilonem  vero  habet  illam  solitudinem,  in 
qua  modo  sunt  Tartari.  Prius  vero  erant  ibi  quidam  qui 
dicebantur  Canglas  :  Et  ex  illo  latere  recipit  Etiliam,  qui 
crescit  in  aestate  sicut  Nilus  ^gypti.  Ad  Occidentem 
vero  habet  montes  Alanorum  &  Lesgi ;  &  Portam  feream, 
&  montes  Georgianorum.  Habet  igitur  illud  mare  tria 
latera  inter  montes,  Aquilonare  vero  habet  ad  planiciem. 
Frater  Andreas  ipse  circumdedit  duo  latera  ejus,  meridi- 
onale  scilicet  &  Orientale.  Ego  vero  alia  duo ;  Aqui- 
lonare scilicet  in  eundo  a  Baatu  ad  Mangu  cham, 
Occidentale  vero  in  revertendo  de  iBaatu  in  Syriam. 
Quatuor  mensibus  potest  circumdari.  Et  non  est  verum 
quod  dicit  Isidorus,  quod  sit  sinus  exiens  ab  Oceano : 
nusquam  enim  tangit  Oceanum,  sed  undique  circumdatur 
terra. 

De  curia  Baatu,  &  qualiter  recepti  fuerunt 
ab  eo. 

TOta  ilia  regio  a  latere  Occidentali  istius  maris,  ubi 
sunt  Porta  ferrea  Alexandri,  &  montes  Alanorum, 
usque  ad  Oceanum  Aquilonarem  &  paludes  Maeotidis  ubi 
mergitur  Tanais,  solebat  dici  Albania :  de  qua  dicit 
Isidorus,  quod  habet  canes  ita  magnos,  tantaeque  feritatis, 
ut  tauros  premant,  leones  perimant.  Quod  verum  est, 
prout  intellexi  a  narrantibus,  quod  ibi  versus  Oceanum 
Aquilonarem  faciunt  canes  trahere  in  bigis  sicut  boves 
propter  magnitudinem  &  fortitudinem  eorum.  In  illo 
ergo  loco  ubi  nos  applicuimus  super  Etiliam  est  casale 
novum,  quod  fecerunt  Tartari  de  Rutenis  mixtim,  qui 
transponunt  nuncios  euntes,  &  redeuntes  ad  curiam  Baatu  : 

212 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS 

quia  Baatu  est  in  ulterior!  ripa  versus  Orientem :  nee 
transit  ilium  locum  ubi  nos  applicuimus  ascendendo  in 
aestate,  sed  jam  incipiebat  descendere.  De  Januario  enim 
usque  ad  Augustum  ascendit  ipse,  &  omnes  alii  versus 
frigidas  regiones,  &  in  Augusto  incipiunt  redire.  De- 
scendimus  ergo  in  navi  ab  illo  casali  usque  ad  curiam  ejus. 
Et  ab  illo  loco  usque  ad  villas  majoris  Bulgariae  versus 
Aquilonem,  sunt  quinque  dietae.  Et  miror  quis  Diabolus 
portavit  illuc  legem  Machometi.  A  Porta  enim  ferrea, 
quae  est  exitus  Persidis,  sunt  plusquam  triginta  dietae  per 
transversum,  solitudinem  ascendendo  juxta  Etiliam  usque 
in  illam  Bulgariam,  ubi  nulla  est  civitas,  nisi  quaedam 
casalia  prope  ubi  cadit  Etilia  in  mare.  Et  illi  Bulgari  sunt 
pessimi  Saraceni,  fortius  tenentes  legem  Machometi,  quam 
aliqui  alii.  Quum  ergo  vidi  curiam  Baatu,  expavi  ;  quia 
videbantur  prope  domus  ejus,  quasi  quaedam  magna 
civitas  protensa  in  longum,  &  populus  undique  circum- 
fusus,  usque  ad  tres  vel  quatuor  leucas.  Et  sicut  populus 
Israel  sciebat  unusquisque,  ad  quam  regionem  tabernaculi 
deberet  figere  tentoria  :  ita  ipsi  sciunt  ad  quod  latus  curiae 
debeant  se  collocare,  quando  ipsi  deponunt  domus.  Unde 
dicitur  curia  Orda  lingua  eorum,  quod  sonat  medium, 
quia  semper  est  in  medio  hominum  suorum  :  hoc  excepto, 
quod  recta  ad  meridiem  nullus  se  collocat,  quia  ad  partem 
illam  aperiuntur  portae  Curiae  :  Sed  a  dextris  &  a  sinistris 
extendunt  se  quantum  volunt  secundum  exigentiam 
locorum  :  dummodo  recte  ante  curiam,  vel  ex  opposite 
curiae  non  descendunt.  Fuimus  ergo  ducti  ad  quendam 
Saracenum,  qui  non  providebat  nobis  de  aliquo  cibo  : 
sequent!  die  fuimus  ad  curiam,  &  fecerat  extendi  magnum 
tentorium,  quia  domus  non  potuisset  capere  tot  homines 
&  mulieres,  quot  convenerant.  Monuit  nos  ductor 
noster  ut  non  loqueremur,  donee  Baatu  praeciperet  :  & 
tunc  loqueremur  breviter.  Quaesivit  etiam  utrum  misis- 
setis  nuncios  ad  eos.  Dixi  qualiter  miseratis  ad  Kencham, 
&  quod  nee  ad  ipsum  misissetis  nuncios,  nee  ad  Sartach 
literas,  nisi  credidissetis  eos  fuisse  Christianos  :  quia  non 
pro  timore  aliquo,  sed  ex  congratulatione,  quia  audiveratis 

213 


A.D. 

1253- 


Descendit 
v.avi  per  jlu- 
men  Volga. 

Nota. 

30  dietae  a 

Porta  ferrea. 

Astracan. 


Descriptio  cu- 
riae Baatu. 


Horda  sonat 

medium. 


Misit  rex 
Frafid^  ad 
Kencham 
nuncios. 


pun. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

eos  esse  Christianos,  misistis.  Tunc  duxit  nos  ad  papilio- 
nem  :  &  monebamur,  ne  tangeremus  cordas  tentorii,  quas 
ipsi  reputant  loco  liminis  domus.  Stetimus  ibi  nudis 
pedibus  in  habitu  nostro  discoopertis  capitibus,  &  eramus 
spectaculum  magnum  in  oculis  eorum.  Fuerat  enim  ibi 
Johannes  frater    Johannes    de    Piano    carpini,    sed    ipse    mutaverat 

e  ano  cat-  \^^\^\^^^^  j-^g  contemneretur ;  quia  erat  nuncius  Domini 
Papae.  Tunc  indued  fuimus  usque  ad  medium  tentorii, 
nee  requisiverunt  ut  faceremus  aliquam  reverentiam  genua 
flectendo,  sicut  solent  facere  nuncii.  Stetimus  ergo  coram 
eo  quantum  possit  dici,  Miserere  mei  Deus  :  &  omnes 
erant  in  summo  silentio.  Ipse  vero  super  solium  longum 
sedebat  &  latum  sicut  lectus,  totum  deauratum,  ad  quod 
ascendebatur  tribus  gradibus,  &  una  domina  juxta  eum. 
Viri  vero  difFusi  sedebant  a  dextris  dominae  &  a  sinistris  : 
quod  non  implebant  mulieres  ex  parte  una,  quia  erant  ibi 
solae  uxores  Baatu,  implebant  viri.  Bancus  vero  cum 
cosmos  &  ciphis  maximis  aureis  &  argenteis,  ornatis 
lapidibus  praetiosis  erat  in  introitu  tentorii.  Respexit  ergo 
nos  diligentius,  &  nos  eum  :  &  videbatur  mihi  similis  in 
statura  Domino  Johanni  de  Bello  monte  cujus  anima 
requiescit  in  pace.  Erat  etiam  vultus  ejus  tunc  perfusus 
gutta  rosea.  Tandem  praecepit  ut  loquerer.  Tunc  ductor 
noster  praecepit  ut  flecteremus  genua,  &  loqueremur. 
Flexi  unum  genu  tanquam  homini  :  tunc  innuit  quod 
ambo  flecterem,  quod  &  feci,  nolens  contendere  super  hoc. 
Tunc  praecepit  quod  loquerer.  Et  ego  cogitans  quod 
orarem  Dominum,  quia  flexeram  ambo  genua,  Incepi 
verba  oratione,  dicens  :  Domine,  nos  oramus  Dominum, 
a  quo  bona  cuncta  procedunt,  qui  dedit  vobis  ista  terrena, 
ut  det  vobis  post  haec  coelestia  :  quia  hasc  sine  illis  vana 
sunt.  Et  ipse  diligenter  auscultavit,  &  subjunxi  : 
Noveritis  pro  certo  quod  coelestia  non  habebitis,  nisi 
fueritis  Christianus.  Dicit  enim  Deus,  Qui  crediderit  & 
baptizatus  fuerit,  salvus  erit :  qui  vero  non  crediderit, 
condemnabitur.  Ad  illud  verbum  ipse  modeste  subrisit, 
&  alii  Moal  inceperunt  plaudere  manus  deridendo  nos. 
Et  obstupuit  interpres  meus,  quern  oportuit  me  confortare 

214 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  a.d. 

1253- 
ne  timerem.  Tunc  facto  silentio,  dixi  :  Ego  veni  ad 
filium  vestrum,  quia  audivimus  quod  esset  Christianus,  & 
attuli  ei  literas  ex  parte  Domini  Regis  Francorum  ;  ipse  Liters  Regis 
misit  me  hue  ad  vos.  Vos  debetis  scire  qua  de  causa,  j^^^'^^^^^^f^^^- 
Tunc  fecit  me  surgere.  Et  quassivit  nomen  vestrum,  &  '-  ' 
meum,  &  socii  mei,  &  interpretis,  &  fecit  omnia  scribi. 
Quassivit  etiam,  quia  intellexerat  quod  exieratis  terram 
vestram  cum  exercitu  ut  haberetis  bellum.  Respondi, 
Contra  Saracenos  violantes  domum  Dei  Hierusalem. 
Quassivit  etiam  si  unquam  misissetis  nuncios  ad  eum. 
Ad  vos  dixi  nunquam.  Tunc  fecit  nos  sedere,  &  dari  de 
lacte  suo  ad  bibendum,  quod  ipsi  valde  magnum  reputant, 
quando  aliquis  bibit  cosmos  cum  eo  in  domo  sua.  Et 
dum  sedens  respicerem  terram,  praecepit  ut  elevarem 
vultum,  volens  adhuc  nos  amplius  respicere,  vel  forte  pro 
sortilegio  :  quia  habent  pro  malo  omine  vel  signo,  vel  pro 
mala  Prognostica,  quando  aliquis  sedet  coram  eis  inclinata 
facie  quasi  tristis,  maxime  quum  appodiat  maxillam,  vel 
mentum  super  manum.  Tunc  exivimus,  &  post  pauca, 
venit  Ductor  noster  ad  nos,  &  ducens  nos  ad  hospitium, 
dixit  mihi,  Dominus  Rex  rogat,  quod  retinearis  in  terra 
ista  :  &  hoc  non  potest  Baatu  facere  sine  conscientia 
Mangu  cham.  Unde  oportet  quod  tu  &  interpres  tuus 
eatis  ad  Mangu  cham.  Socius  vero  tuus  &  alius  homo 
revertentur  ad  curiam  Sartach  ibi  expectantes  donee 
revertatis.  Tunc  incepit  homo  DEI  Interpres  lugere 
reputans  se  perditum  :  Socius  etiam  meus  contestari,  quod 
citius  amputarent  ei  caput,  quam  quod  divideretur  a  me. 
Et  ego  dixi,  quod  sine  socio  non  possem  ire  :  Et  etiam 
quod  bene  indigebamus  duobus  famulis,  quia  si  contin- 
geret  unum  infirmari,  non  possem  solus  remanere.  Tunc 
ipse  reversus  ad  curiam  dixit  verba  Baatu.  Tunc  prae- 
cepit :  vadant  duo  sacerdotes  &  interpres  :  &  Clericus 
revertatur  ad  Sartach.  Ille  reversus  dixit  nobis  summam. 
Et  quando  volebam  loqui  pro  Clerico,  quod  iret  nobis- 
cum,  dixit,  Non  loquamini  amplius,  quia  Baatu  definivit, 
&  eo  amplius  non  audeo  redire  ad  curiam.  De  elee- 
mosyna  habebat  Goset  clericus  viginti  sex   ipperpera,  & 

215 


I 


vianas  juxta 
Etil'iam  de 
scendcbmit. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

non  plus  :  quorum  decern  retinuit  sibi  &  puero  :  & 
sexdecem  dedit  homini  Dei  pro  nobis.  Et  sic  divisi 
sumus  cum  lachrimis  ab  invicem  :  lUo  redeunte  ad  curiam 
Sartach,  &  nobis  ibi  remanentibus. 

De  itinere  fratrum  versus  curiam  Mangu  cham. 

N  Vigilia  Assumptionis  pervenit  ipse  clericus  ad  Curiam 
Sartach  :  &  in  crastino  fuerunt  Sacerdotes  Nestorini 
induti  vestimentis  nostris  coram  Sartach.  Tunc  ducti 
fuimus  ad  alium  hospitem,  qui  debebat  nobis  providere  de 
domo  &  cibo  &  equis.  Sed  quia  non  habuimus  quod 
daremus  ei,  omnia  male  faciebat.  Et  bigavimus  cum 
Baatu    descendendo   juxta    Etiliam    quinque    septimanas. 

Ouinquesepti-  Aliquando  habuit  socius  meus  tantam  famem,  quod 
dicebat  mihi  quasi  lachrymando  :  videbatur  mihi  quod 
nunquam  comederim.  Forum  sequitur  semper  Curiam 
Baatu.  Sed  illud  erat  tam  longe  a  nobis,  quod  non 
poteramus    ire.      Oportebat    enim    nos    ire    pedibus    pro 

Quidam  Hun-  defectu     equorum.      Tandem     invenerunt     nos    quidam 

^^^'^'  Hungari,    qui    fuerant    Clericuli,    quorum    unus    sciebat 

adhuc  cantare  multa  corde,  &  habebatur  ab  aliis  Hungaris 
quasi  Sacerdos,  &  vocabatur  ad  exequias  suorum  defunc- 
torum  :  Et  alius  fuerat  competenter  instructus  in  Gram- 
matica  :  qui  intelligebat  quicquid  dicebamus  ei  literaliter, 
sed  nesciebat  respondere  :  qui  fecerunt  nobis  magnam 
consolationem,  afferentes  cosmos  ad  bibendum,  &  carnes 
aliquando  ad  comedendum  :  qui  quum  postulassent  a 
nobis  aliquos  libros,  &  non  haberem  quos  possem  dare, 
nullos  enim  habebam,  nisi  Biblium  &  breviarium,  dolui 
multum.  Tunc  dixi  eis,  afFerte  nobis  chartas,  &  ego  i 
scribam  vobis,  quamdiu  erimus  hie  :  quod  &  fecerunt.  i 
Et  scripsi  utrasque  horas  Beatae  Virginis  &  officium  i 
defunctorum.      Quodam     die    junxit     se    nobis    quidam     i 

Comanus.  Comanus,  salutans  nos  verbis  latinis,  dicens,  Salvete  i 
Domini.  Ego  mirans,  ipso  resalutato,  quaesivi  ab  eo,  quis  i 
eum  docuerat  illam  salutationem.  Et  ipse  dixit  quod  in  t. 
Hungaria  fuit  baptizatus  a  fratribus  nostris  qui  docuerant  I 
ilium   eam.     Dixit   etiam   quod   Baatu   quaesiverat  ab  eo    ] 

216 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  a.d. 

1253. 

multa  de  nobis,  &  quod  ipse  dixerat  ei  conditiones  ordinis 
nostri.     Ego  vidi   Baatu   equitantem   cum    turba   sua,   & 
omnes  patres  familias  equitantes  cum  eo,  secundum  aesti- 
mationem  meam  non  erant  quingenti  viri.     Tandem  circa 
finem  exaltationis  sancts  crucis  venit  ad  nos  quidam  dives 
Moal,  cujus  pater  erat  millenarius,  quod  magnum  est  inter 
eos,  dicens,  Ego  vos  debeo  ducere  ad  Mangu  cham,  &  est 
iter  quatuor  mensium  :    &   tantum   frigus  est  ibi,   quod  ^'^^'  f^^^^^^^" 
iinduntur    ibi    lapides   &   arbores    pro    frigore  :    Videatis  ^^J^^^'^^  ^^ 
utrum    poteritis    sustinere.       Cui     respondi  :      Spero     in  ingens frigus. 
virtute  Dei,  quod    nos  sustinebimus,  quod   alii   homines 
possunt    sustinere.      Tunc   dixit  :     Si   non  poteritis    sus- 
tinere, ego  relinquam  vos  in  via.     Cui  respondi,  hoc  non 
esset  justum  :    quia  non  ivimus  pro   nobis,    nisi   missi   a 
Domino  vestro  :   Unde  ex  quo  vobis  committimur,   non 
debetis  nos  dimittere.     Tunc  dixit,  bene  erit.     Post  hoc 
fecit  nos  ostendere  sibi  omnes  vestes  nostras,  &:  quod  sibi  [I.  88.] 
videbatur  minus  necessarium  fecit  deponere  sub  custodia 
hospitis  nostri.     In  crastino  attulerunt    cuilibet   nostrum 
unam  pelliceam  villosam  arietinam  &  braccas  de  eadem, 
&    botas    sive    bucellos    secundum    morem    eorum    cum 
soccis    de    filtro  ;     &     almucias    de    pellibus    secundum 
modum     eorum.      Et    secunda    die    post     exaltationem  26.  Septemb. 
Sanct«    crucis    incepimus    equitare    nos     tres     habentes 
signarios :     &     equitavimus    continue     versus     Orientem 
usque  ad  festum    Omnium    Sanctorum,   per  totam   illam 
terram,   &    adhuc    amplius    habitabant    Cangle,    quaedam   C angle  populi. 
parentela      Romanorum.       Ad     Aquilonem      habebamus 
majorem    Bulgariam,    &    ad    meridiem    prasdictum    mare  Major  Bul- 
Caspium.  ^^'■^'^• 

De  flumine  lagag,  &  de    diversis    regionibus    sive 

nationibus. 

.  .  .  ...  lagag  fiumen 

130stquam    iveramus    duodecim    diebus    ab    Etilia    in-  \z.  dietis  a 

X    venimus    magnum    flumen,  quod   vocant    lagag  :    &  Volga. 

venit  ab  Aquilone   de   terra  Pascatir  descendens  in   prae-  P^^^^^^^ff^'^'^, 

dictum    mare.      Idioma    Pascatir   &   Hungarorum    idem  ^rum  terra  lei 

est  :    &    sunt    pastores    sine    civitate    aliqua.      Et    con-  Zibier. 

217 


A.D. 
1253- 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


Hungari  a 

Pascat'ir 

oriundi. 


Nota, 


tiguatur  majori  Bulgariae  ab  Occidente.  Ab  ilia  terra 
versus  Orientem  in  latere  illo  Aquilonari  non  est 
amplius  aliqua  civitas.  Unde  Bulgaria  major  est  ultima 
regio  habens  civitatem.  De  ilia  regione  Pascatir  exierunt 
Huni,  qui  postea  dicti  sunt  Hungari.  Unde  ipsa  est 
major  Bulgaria.  Et  dicit  Isidorus,  quod  pernicibus 
equis  claustra  Alexandri  rupibus  Caucasi  feras  gentes 
cohibentia  transierunt  :  ita  quod  usque  in  j^gyptum 
solvebatur  eis  tributum.  Destruxerunt  etiam  omnes 
terras  usque  in  Franciam.  Unde  fuerunt  majoris  poten- 
tiae,  quam  sunt  adhuc  Tartari.  Cum  illis  occurrerunt 
Blaci  &  Bulgari  &  Vandali.  De  ilia  enim  majori 
Bulgaria  venerunt  illi  Bulgari  :  Et  qui  sunt  ultra 
Danubium  prope  Constantinopolin,  &  juxta  Pascatir 
sunt  Ilac,  quod  idem  est  quod  Blac  :  sed  B.  nesciunt 
Tartari  sonare :  a  quibus  venerunt  illi  qui  sunt  in  terra 
Assani.  Utrosque  enim  vocant  Ilac,  &  hos  &  illos 
lingua  Rutenorum  &  Polonorum,  &  Bo^morum.  Scla- 
vorum  est  idem  idioma  cum  lingua  Vandalorum,  quorum 
omnium  manus  fuit  cum  Hunis :  &  nunc  pro  majori 
parte  est  cum  Tartaris  quos  Deus  suscitavit  a  remotiori- 
bus  partibus,  populum  multum,  &  gentem  stultam, 
Deut.T^z.ii.  secundum  quod  dicit  Dominus,  Provocabo  eos,  id  est, 
non  custodientes  Legem  suam,  in  eo  qui  non  est  populus, 
&  in  gente  stulta  irritabo  eos :  Hoc  completur  ad  literam 
super  omnes  nationes  non  custodientes  Legem  Dei. 
Hoc  quod  dixi  de  terra  Pascatir  scio  per  fratres  Pras- 
dicatores,  II  qui  iverunt  illuc  ante  adventum  Tartarorum. 
Et  ex  tunc  erant  ipsi  subjugati  a  vicinis  Bulgaris  Sara- 
cenis,  &  plures  eorum  facti  Saraceni.  Alia  possunt  sciri 
per  Chronica :  quia  constat  quod  illae  provinciae  post 
Constantinopolim,  quae  modo  dicuntur  Bulgaria,  Valachia, 
Sclavonia,  fuerunt  provinciae  Graecorum.  Hungaria  fuit 
Pannonia.  Equitavimus  ergo  per  terram  Cangle  a  festo 
Sanctae  crucis  usque  ad  festum  Omnium  Sanctorum,  quo- 
libet  die  fere  quantum  est  a  Parisiis  usque  Aurelianum, 
secundum  quod  possum  estimare,  &  plus  aliquando  : 
secundum  quod  habebamus  copiam  equorum.     Aliquando 

218 


il  Qui  fuerunt 
isti  fratres  ? 


Cangle 

planicies 

ingens. 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 

enim  mutabamus  bis  in  die  vel  ter  equos.  Aliquando 
ibamus  duobus  diebus  vel  tribus,  quibus  non  invenie- 
bamus  populum,  &  oportebat  levius  ire.  De  viginti  vel 
triginta  equis  nos  semper  habebamus  pejores,  quia  ex- 
tranei  eramus.  Omnes  enim  accipiebant  ante  nos  equos 
meliores.  Mihi  semper  providebant  de  forti  equo,  quia 
eram  ponderosus  valde :  sed  utrum  suaviter  ambularet 
vel  non,  de  hoc  non  auderem  facere  quaestionem.  Nee 
etiam  audebam  conqueri,  si  dure  portaret.  Sed  fortunam 
suam  oportebat  unumquemque  sustinere.  Unde  orie- 
batur  nobis  difficillimus  labor  :  quia  multoties  fatiga- 
bantur  equi,  antequam  possemus  pervenire  ad  populum. 
Et  tunc  oportebat  nos  percutere  &  flagellare  equos, 
ponere  etiam  vestes  super  alios  saginarios,  mutare  equos 
saginarios ;  aliquando  nos  duos  ire  in  uno  equo. 

De  fame  &  siti,   &   aliis  miseriis  quas 
sustinuerunt  in  itinere. 

DE     fame    &    siti,    frigore     &     fatigatione    non     est 
Humerus.     Non  enim  dant  cibum  nisi  in  sero.     In 
mane  dant  aliquid   bibere,  vel  sorbere  milium.     In  sero 
dabant   nobis   carnes,   scapulam   arietis   cum  costis   &  de 
brodio   ad   mensuram    bibere.       Quando    habebamus    de 
brodio    carnium   ad   satietatem   optime  reficiebamur.     Et 
videbatur  mihi   suavissimus   potus   &   maxime    nutriens.  [i.  89.] 
Feria  sexta  permanebam  jejunus  usque  ad  noctem,  nihil 
hauriens.     Tunc  oportebat  me  in  tristitia  &  dolore  come- 
dere  carnes.     Aliquando   oportebat   nos  comedere  carnes 
semicoctas  vel  fere  crudas  propter  defectum  materiae  ignis,  Defectus  mate- 
quando  jacebamus  in  campis  &  de  nocte  descendebamus :  ri^  ig^i^- 
quia  tunc  non  poteramus  bene  colligere  stercora  equorum 
vel  boum  :  aliam  materiam  ignis  raro  inveniebamus ;  nisi 
forte   alicubi  aliquas  spinas.      In    ripis   etiam   aliquorum  Jliqua 
fluminum  sunt  alicubi  sylvas.     Sed  hoc  raro.     In  principio  flumina. 
despiciebat  nos  multum  Ductor  noster,  &  fastidiebat  eum 
ducere  tam  viles  homines.     Postea  tamen  quando  incepit 
nos  melius   cognoscere,   ducebat  nos   per  curias   divitum 
Moallorum :  &  oportebat  nos  orare  pro  ipsis.     Unde  si 

219 


A.D. 
1253. 


Fasta  solitudo. 


II  Nota  dili- 
genter. 
Iter  versus 
meridiem  octo 
dierum. 


Astni 
velocissimi. 

Mantes  altis- 
simi. 

Terrce  cultce. 
Kenchat  villa 
Saracenorum. 


Septimo  die 
Novembris 
ibant  super 
glaciem. 

Civitas  valde 
parva. 
Magnus 
Jiuvius. 
Mult^e 
paludes. 
Vites. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

habuissem  bonum  interpretem,  habebam  oportunitatem 
seminandi  multa  bona.  Ille  Chingis  primus  Cham  habuit 
quatuor  filios,  de  quibus  egressi  sunt  multi,  qui  omnes 
habent  modo  magnas  curias :  &  quotidie  multiplicantur 
&  diffunduntur  per  illam  Vastam  solitudinem,  quae  est 
sicut  mare.  Per  multos  ergo  illorum  ducebat  nos  Ductor 
noster.  Et  mirabantur  supra  modum,  quia  nolebamus 
recipere  aurum,  vel  argentum,  vel  vestes  prasciosas. 
Quasrebant  etiam  de  magno  Papa,  si  esset  ita  senex  sicut 
audierant :  audierant  enim  quod  esset  quingentorum 
annorum.  Quasrebant  de  terris  nostris  si  ibi  essent 
multas  oves,  &  boves,  &  equi.  De  Oceano  mari  non 
potuerunt  intelligere,  quod  esset  sine  termino  vel  sine 
ripa.  In  vigilia  omnium  Sanctorum  dimisimus  viam  in 
Orientem,  II  quia  jam  populus  descenderat  multum  versus 
meridiem :  Et  direximus  iter  per  quasdam  Alpes  recte  in 
meridiem  continue  per  octo  dies.  In  ilia  solitudine  vidi 
multos  asinos,  quos  vocant  Colan,  qui  magis  assimulantur 
mulis :  quos  multum  prosequuti  sunt  Dux  noste  &  socii 
ejus,  sed  nihil  profecerunt  propter  nimiam  velocitatem 
eorum.  Septima  die  inceperunt  nobis  apparere  ad  meri- 
diem montes  altissimi :  &  intravimus  planiciem,  qua^ 
irrigabatur  sicut  hortus,  &  invenimus  terras  cultas.  In 
octavis  omnium  Sanctorum  intravimus  villam  quandam 
Saracenorum  nomine  Kenchat :  cujus  capitaneus  occurre- 
bat  extra  villam  duci  nostro  cum  cervisia  &  ciphis.  Hie 
est  enim  mos  eorum ;  quod  de  omnibus  villis  subditis  eis, 
occurratur  nunciis  Baatu,  &  Mangu  cham  cum  cibo  & 
potu.  Tunc  temporis  ibant  ibi  super  glaciem.  Et  prius 
a  festo  Sancti  Michaelis  habueramus  gelu  in  solitudine. 
Quaesivi  de  nomine  Provincias  illius :  sed  quia  jam  era- 
mus  in  alio  territorio  nescierunt  mihi  dicere,  nisi  a  nomine 
civitatis,  quae  erat  valde  parva.  Et  descendebat  magnus 
fluvius  de  montibus,  qui  irrigabat  totam  regionem,  secun- 
dum quod  volebant  aquam  ducere :  nee  descendebat  in 
aliquod  mare,  sed  absorbebatur  a  terra :  &  faciebat  etiam 
multas  paludes.      Ibi  vidi  vites,  &  bibi  bis  de  vino. 


220 


WILLIAM    DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253- 

De  interfectione   Ban   &   habitatione 
Teutonicorum. 

SEquentI    die    venimus    ad     aliud     casale    propinquius  Casale. 
montibus.       Et     quaesivi     de     montibus,    de     quibus 
intellexi,  quod  essent  montes  Caucasi  :    qui  contiguantur  Montes  ^ 

ex  utraque  parte  maris  ab  Occidente  usque  ad  Orientem  :   ^^^^^-^^  ^°^-  . 
o  1        ^      •  J-  J     •    ^     .u   tizuantur man 

cz   quod   transiveramus    mare    supradictum,   quod    intrat   q^-^^^^^/j 

Etilia.     Quaesivi   etiam   de    Talas  civitate,   in   qua   erant  Ta/as,  vel 

Teutonici  servi  Buri,  de  quibus  dixerat  frater  Andreas,  de   Chlndtalas 

quibus    etiam    qu^siveram    multum   in   curia   Sartach    &  "«^'^^^-^- 

Baatu.      Sed    nihil    poteram^    intelligere,    nisi    quod    Ban  ^  j., 

dominus    eorum    fuerat   interfectus   tali    occasione.     Ipse 

non   erat   in   bonis   pascuis.     Et   quadam   die   dum    esset 

ebrius,  loquebatur  ita  cum  hominibus  suis.     Nonne  sum 

de  genere  Chingis  can  sicut  Baatus  (Et  ipse  erat  nepos 

Baatu  vel  frater)  quare  non   vadam  super  ripam  Etiliae, 

sicut  Baatu,  ut  pascam  ibi  ?     Quae  verba  relata  fuerunt 

Baatu.     Tunc    ipse    Baatu    scripsit    hominibus   illius,    ut 

adducerent    ei    dominum     ipsorum    vinctum  :     quod    & 

fecerunt.       Tunc    Baatu    quaesivit    ab   eo   si   dixisset  tale  Casale. 

verbum  :   &  ipse  confessus  est,  tamen  excusavit  se,  quia 

ebrius   erat  :    (quia   solent  condonare    ebriis  :)   &    Baatu 

respondit  :   Quomodo  audebas  me  nominare  in  ebrietate 

tua  ?     Et  fecit  ei  amputari  caput.      De  illis  Teutonicis 

nihil  potui  cognoscere  usque  ad  curiam  Mangu.      Sed  in 

supradicto  casali  intellexi,  quod  Talas  erat  post  nos  juxta 

montes  per  sex  dietas.     Quando  veni  ad  curiam   Mangu 

cham,    intellexi    quod    ipse    Mangu    transtulerat    eos    de 

licentia    Baatu    versus     Orientem    spacio     itineris     unius 

mensis  a  Talas  ad  quandam  villam    quae  dicitur  Bolac  :  ^^^-^f  ^''^^f^- 

ubi  fodiunt  aurum,  &  fabricant  arma.      Unde  non  potui  ^^^V^'^^^'^- 

ire  nee  redire  per  eos.     Transivi  eundo  satis  prope,  per 

tres  dietas  forte,  civitatem  illam  :   sed  ego  ignoravi  :   nee 

potuissem  etiam  declinasse  extra  viam,  si  bene  scivissem. 

A  praedicto  casali  ivimus  ad  Orientem  juxta  montes  prae-  Intrat 

dictos  :    &   ex   tunc    intravimus   inter    homines    Mangu  ^^^^°^^^^^ 

cham,  qui  ubique  cantabant  &  plaudebant  coram  ductore      ^^^"' 

221 


A.D. 
1253- 


[I.  90. 


Alpesinquibus 

habitabant 

Caracatay. 

Magnus 

jiuz'ius. 


Terra  culta. 
Equ'ius  villa 
bona. 

Longissime  a 
Perside. 


Lacus  qu'inde- 
cem  dietartim 
cii'cuitu. 


Cailac  magna 
villa  ^  plena 
mercatoribm. 


Contomanni. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

nostro  :  quia  ipse  erat  nuncius  Baatu.  Hunc  enim 
honorem  exhibent  sibi  mutuo,  ut  homines  Mangu  cham 
recipiant  nuncios  Baatu  praedicto  modo  :  Et  similiter 
homines  Baatu  nuncios  Mangu.  Tamen  homines  Baatu 
superiores  sunt,  nee  exequuntur  ita  diligenter.  Paucis 
diebus  post  hoc  intravimus  Alpes,  in  quibus  solebant 
habitare  Cara  catay  :  &  invenimus  ibi  magnum  fluvium, 
quem  oportuit  nos  transire  navigio.  Post  haec  intravi- 
mus quandam  vallem,  ubi  vidi  castrum  quod  dam 
destructum,  cujus  muri  non  erant  nisi  de  luto,  &  terra 
colebatur  ibi.  Et  post  invenimus  quandam  bonam  villam 
quae  dicitur  Equius,  in  qua  erant  Saraceni  loquentes  Persi- 
cum :  longissime  tamen  erant  a  Perside.  Sequenti  die 
transgressis  illis  Alpibus  quae  descendebant  a  magnis  mon- 
tibus  ad  meridiem,  ingressi  sumus  pulcherrimam  planiciem 
habentem  montes  altos  a  dextris,  &  quoddam  mare  a 
sinistris,  sive  quendam  lacum  qui  durat  quindecem  dietas 
in  circuitu.  Et  ilia  planicies  tota  irrigabatur  ad  libitum 
aquis  descendentibus  de  montibus,  quae  omnes  recipiuntur 
in  illud  mare.  In  aestate  redivimus  ad  latus  Aquilonare 
illius  maris,  ubi  similiter  erant  magni  montes.  In  planicie 
praedicta  solebant  esse  multae  villae :  sed  pro  majori  parte 
omnes  erant  destructas,  ut  pascerent  ibi  Tartari :  quia 
optima  pascua  erant  ibi.  Unam  magnam  villam  invenimus 
ibi  nomine  Cailac,  in  qua  erat  forum,  &  frequentabant 
eam  multi  mercatores.  In  ilia  quievimus  quindecem  die- 
bus,  expectantes  quendam  scriptorem  Baatu,  qui  debebat 
esse  socius  ducis  nostri  in  negotiis  expediendis  in  curia 
Mangu.  Terra  ilia  solebat  dici  Organum :  &  solebant 
habere  proprium  idioma,  &  propriam  literam  :  Sed  haec 
tota  erat  occupata  a  Contomannis.  Etiam  in  literatura 
ilia  &  idiomate  solebant  facere  Nestorini  de  partibus  illis. 
Dicuntur  Organa,  quia  solebant  esse  optimi  Organistae  vel 
Citharistae,  ut  dicebatur  mihi.  Ibi  primo  vidi  Idolatrias, 
de  quibus  noveritis,  quod  sunt  multae  sectae  in  Oriente. 


222 


WILLIAM    DE    RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253- 

Quod   Nestorini  et   Saraceni  sunt   mixti  & 
Idolatrae. 

PRimi  sunt  Jugures,  quorum  terra  contiguatur  cum  JugurespopuH, 
terra  praedicta  Organum  inter  montes  illos  versus  ^^°^^^^'^'- 
Orientem  :  Et  in  omnibus  civitatibus  eorum  sunt  mixti 
Nestorini  &  Saraceni.  Et  ipsi  etiam  sunt  diffusi  versus 
Persidem  in  civitatibus  Saracenorum.  In  praedicta  civitate 
Cealac  habebant  etiam  ipsi  tres  Idolatrias,  quarum  duas  Ca'ilac. 
intravi,  ut  viderem  stultitias  eorum.  In  prima  inveni 
quendam,  qui  habebat  cruciculam  de  atramento  super 
manum  suam.  Unde  credidi  quod  esset  Christianus :  quia 
ad  omnia  quae  quaerebam  ab  eo,  respondebat  ut  Christianus. 
Unde  quaesivi  ab  eo  :  Quare  ergo  non  habetis  crucem  & 
imaginem  Jesu  Christi  .^  Et  ipse  respondit,  non  habemus 
consuetudinem.  unde  ego  credidi  quod  essent  Christiani : 
sed  ex  defectu  doctrinae  omitterent.  Videbam  enim  ibi 
post  quandam  cistam,  quae  erat  eis  loco  altaris,  super  quam 
ponunt  lucernas  &  oblationes,  quandam  imaginationem 
habentem  alas  quasi  Sancti  Michaelis  :  &  alias  quasi  ipso- 
rum  tenentes  digitos  sicut  ad  benedicendum.  Illo  sero 
non  potui  aliud  invenire.  Quia  Saraceni  in  tantum  in- 
vitant  eos,  quod  nee  etiam  volunt  loqui  inde  eis.  Unde 
quando  quaerebam  a  Saracenis  de  ritu  talium,  ipsi  scan- 
dalizabantur.  In  crastino  fuerunt  kalendae  &  pascha 
Saracenorum  &  mutavi  hospitium :  ita  quod  fui  hospi- 
tatus  prope  aliam  Idolatriam.  Homines  enim  colligunt 
nuncios,  quilibet  secundum  posse  suum  vel  portionem 
suam.  Tunc  intrans  Idolatriam  praedictam  inveni  sacer- 
dotes  Idolorum.  In  kalendis  enim  aperiunt  templa  sua, 
&  ornant  se  sacerdotes,  &  offerunt  populi  oblationes  de 
pane  &  fructibus.  Primo  ergo  describo  vobis  ritus  com-  Jugures  secta 
munes  omnes  Idolatrarum :  &  postea  istorum  Jugurum  ;  '^^'^^'•^^  f'^  '^///V 
qui  sunt  quasi  secta  divisa  ab  aliis.  Omnes  adorant  ad  ^'^°^^^^'^^' 
Aquilonem  complosis  manibus  :  &  prosternentes  se  geni- 
bus  flexis  ad  terram,  ponentes  frontem  super  manus. 
Unde  Nestorini  in  partibus  illis  nullo  modo  jungunt 
manus    orando :    sed    orant   extensis    palmis  ante   pectus. 

223 


A.D. 
1253- 


fii'it  apud 
Caracarum 

frater 
W'llhelmus. 


[I.  91.] 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

Porrigunt  templa  sua  ab  Oriente  in  Occidentem :  &  in 
latere  Aquilonari  faciunt  cameram  unam  quasi  eorum 
exeuntem  :  vel  aliter,  Si  est  domus  quadrata,  in  medio 
domus  ad  latus  aquilonare  intercludunt  unam  cameram 
in  loco  chori.  Ibi  ergo  collocant  unam  arcam  longam 
&  latam  sicut  mensam  unam.  Et  post  illam  arcam 
contra  meridiem  collocant  principale  idolum  :  quod  ego 
vidi  apud  Caracarum,  ita  magnum  sicut  pingitur  Sanctus 
Christopherus.  Et  dixit  mihi  quidam  sacerdos  Nesto- 
rinus,  qui  venerat  ex  Cataya,  quod  in  terra  ilia  est 
Idolum  ita  magnum,  quod  potest  videri  a  duabus  dietis. 
Et  collocant  alia  idola  in  circuitu,  omnia  pulcherrime 
deaurata :  Super  cistam  illam,  quae  est  quasi  mensa  una, 
ponunt  lucernas  &  oblationes.  Omnes  portae  templorum 
sunt  apertae  ad  meridiem  contrario  modo  Saracenis.  Item 
habent  campanas  magnas  sicut  nos.  Ideo  credo  quod 
orientales  Christiani  noluerunt  habere  eas.  Ruteni  tamen 
habent  &  Graeci  in  Gasaria. 

De  templis  eorum  &  idolis,  &  qualiter  se  habent 
in  officio  deorum  suorum. 

OMnes  sacerdotes  eorum  rasum  habent  totum  caput 
&  barbam  ;  sunt  vestiti  de  croceo,  &  servant  casti- 
tatem,  ex  quo  radunt  caput :  Et  vivunt  pariter  centum 
vel  ducenti  in  una  congregatione.  Diebus  quibus  intrant 
templum,  ponunt  duo  scamna,  &  sedent  e  regione  chorus 
contra  chorum  habentes  libros  in  manibus,  quos  aliquando 
deponunt  super  ilia  scamna :  &  habent  capita  discooperta 
quamdiu  insunt  in  templo,  legentes  in  silencio,  & 
tenentes  silencium.  Unde  cum  ingressus  fuissem  apud 
Oratorium  quoddam  eorum,  &  invenissem  eos  ita  se- 
dentes,  multis  modis  tentavi  eos  provocare  ad  verba,  & 
nullo  modo  potui.  Habent  etiam  quocunque  vadunt 
quendam  restem  centum  vel  ducentorum  nucleorum, 
sicut  nos  portamus  pater  noster :  Et  dicunt  semper  haec 
verba :  Ou  mam  Hactavi :  hoc  est,  Deus  tu  nosti ;  se- 
cundum quod  quidem  eorum  interpretatus  est  mihi.  Et 
toties    expectant    remunerationem    a    Deo,    quoties    hoc 

224 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  a.d 

1253. 

dicendo  memoratur  Dei.  Circa  templum  suum  semper 
faciunt  pulchrum  atrium,  quod  bene  includunt  muro : 
&  ad  meridiem  faciunt  portam  magnam,  in  qua  sedent 
ad  colloquendum.  Et  super  illam  portam  erigunt  per- 
ticam  longam,  quae  emineat  si  possint,  super  totam  villam. 
Et  per  illam  perticam  potest  cognosci,  quod  domus  ilia 
sit  templum  Idolorum.  Ista  communia  sunt  omnibus 
Idolatris.  Quando  ergo  ingressus  fui  praedictam  Idola- 
triam,  inveni  sacerdotes  sedentes  sub  porta  exteriori,  Illi 
quos  vidi,  videbantur  mihi  fratres  Franci  esse  rasis  barbis. 
Tyaras  habebant  in  capitibus  cartaceas.  Istorum  Jugu-  Tyaro' 
rum  sacerdotes  habent  talem  habitum  quocunque  vadunt :  '=^^'^^'^^'^' 
semper  sunt  in  tunicis  croceis  satis  strictis  accincti  desuper 
recte  sicut  Franci :  &  habent  pallium  super  humerum 
sinistrum  descendens  involutum  per  pectus  &  dorsum 
ad  latus  dextrum  sicut  diaconus  portans  casulam  in  quad- 
ragesima.  Istorum  literas  acceperunt  Tartari.  Ipsi  in-  Chinenses  ita 
cipiunt  scribere  sursum,  &  ducunt  lineam  deorsum,  &  ^t^amscribunt. 
eodem  modo  ipsi  legunt  &  multiplicant  lineas  a  sinistra 
ad  dextram.  Isti  multum  utuntur  cartis  &  caracteribus 
pro  sortilegio.  Unde  templa  sua  plena  sunt  brevibus  Sortilegi. 
suspensis.  Et  Mangu-cham  mittit  vobis  literas  in  idio- 
mate  Moal  &  literatura  eorum.  Isti  cornburunt  mortuos  Combustio 
suos  secundum  antiquum  modum,  &  recondunt  pulverem  ^ortuorum. 
in  summitate  pyramidis.  Cum  ergo  sedissem  juxta  prae- 
dictos  sacerdotes,  postquam  ingressus  fueram  templum 
&  vidissem  idola  eorum  multa  magna  &  parva :  quaesivi 
ab  eis,  quid  ipsi  crederent  de  Deo.  Qui  responderunt, 
Non  credimus  nisi  unum  Deum.  Et  ego  quaesivi.  Cre- 
ditis  quod  ipse  sit  spiritus  vel  aliquid  corporale  ?  Dix- 
erunt,  credimus  quod  sit  spiritus.  Et  ego  :  Creditis  quod 
nunquam  sumpserit  humanam  naturam  ^  Dixerunt,  mi- 
nime.  Tunc  ego :  ex  quo  creditis,  quod  non  sit  nisi 
unus  spiritus,  quare  facitis  ei  imagines  corporales,  &  tot 
insuper.?  Et  ex  quo  non  creditis  quod  factus  sit  homo, 
quare  facitis  ei  magis  imagines  hominum,  quam  alterius 
animalis  ?  Tunc  responderunt,  Nos  non  figuramus  istas 
imagines  Deo.  Sed  quando  aliquis  dives  moritur  ex 
I  225  p 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253. 

nostrisj  vel  filius,  vel  uxor,  vel  aliquis  charus  ejus  facit 
fieri  imaginem  defuncti,  &  ponit  earn  hie :  &  nos  venera- 
mur  earn  ad  memoriam  ejus.  Quibus  ego.  Tunc  ergo 
non  facitis  ista  nisi  propter  adulationem  hominum.  Immo 
dixerunt  ad  memoriam.  Tunc  quaesiverunt  a  me  quasi 
deridendo :  ubi  est  Deus  ?  Quibus  ego.  Ubi  est  anima 
vestra?  Dixerunt,  in  corpore  nostro.  Quibus  ego. 
Nonne  est  ubique  in  corpore  tuo  &  totum  regit,  & 
tamen  non  videtur?  Ita  Deus  ubique  est,  &  omnia 
gubernat,  invisibilis  tamen,  quia  intellectus  &  sapientia 
est.  Tunc  cum  vellem  plura  ratiocinari  cum  illis,  interpres 
meus  fatigatus,  non  valens  verba  exprimere,  fecit  me 
tacere.  Istorum  sectae  sunt  Moal  sive  Tartari,  quantum 
ad  hoc,  quod  ipsi  non  credunt  nisi  unum  Deum :  tamen 
faciunt  de  filtro  imagines  defunctorum  suorum,  &  induunt 
eas  quinque  pannis  preciocissimis,  &  ponunt  in  una  biga 
vel  duabus,  &  illas  bigas  nuUus  audet  tangere :  &  sunt 
sub  custodia  divinatorum  suorum,  qui  sunt  eorum  sacer- 
dotes,  de  quibus  postea  narrabo  vobis.  Isti  divinatores 
semper  sunt  ante  curiam  ipsius  Mangu  &  aliorum  divi- 
tum :  pauperes  enim  non  habent  eos ;  nisi  illi  qui  sunt 
de  genere  Chingis.  Et  cum  debent  bigare,  ipsi  praece- 
dunt,  sicut  columna  nubis  filios  Israel,  &  ipsi  considerant 
locum  metandi  castra,  &  post  deponunt  domos  suas ;  & 
post  eos  tota  curia.  Et  tunc  cum  sit  dies  festus  sive 
kalendae  ipsi  extrahunt  praedictas  imagines  &  ponunt  eas 
ordinate  per  circuitum  in  domo  sua.  Tunc  veniunt 
Moal  &  ingrediuntur  domum  illam,  &  inclinant  se  ima- 
ginibus  illis  &  venerantur  illas.  Et  illam  domum  nemini 
ingredi  extraneo  licet :  Quadam  enim  vice  volui  ingredi 
&  multum  dure  increpatus  fui. 

I.  92.]        De  diversis  nationibus,  &  de  illis  qui  comedere 

solebant  parentes  suos. 

iRaedicti  vero  Jugures,  qui  sunt  mixti  cum  Christianis 

&  Saracenis,  per  frequentes  disputationes,  ut  credo, 

pervenerunt  ad  hoc,  quod  non  credunt  nisi  unum  deum. 

Et  isti  fuerunt  habitantes  in  civitatibus,  qui  post  obedi- 

226 


p 


WILLIAM   DE   KUBRUQUIS 

verunt  Chingis  Cham  :  unde  ipse  dedit  regi  eorum  filiam 
suam.  Et  ipsa  Caracarum  est  quasi  in  territorio  eorum  : 
Et  tota  terra  regis  sive  presbyteri  Johannis  &  Vut  fratris 
ejus  circa  terras  eorum  :  Sed  isti  in  pascuis  ad  aquilonem, 
illi  Jugures  inter  montes  ad  meridiem.  Inde  est  quod 
ipsi  Moal  sumpserunt  literas  eorum.  Et  ipsi  sunt  magni 
scriptores  eorum  :  &  omnes  fere  Nestorini  sciunt  literas 
eorum.  Post  istos  sunt  ipsi  Tangut  ad  orientem  inter 
montes  illos,  homines  fortissimi,  qui  ceperunt  Chingis  in 
bello.  Et  pace  facta  dimissus  ab  eis,  postea  subjugavit 
eos.  Isti  habent  boves  fortissimos  habentes  caudas  plenas 
pilis  sicut  equi,  &  ventres  pilosos  &  dorsa.  Bassiores 
sunt  aliis  bobus  in  tibiis,  sed  ferociores  multum.  Isti 
trahunt  magnas  domos  Moallorum  :  &  habent  cornua 
gracilia,  longa,  acuosa,  acutissima  :  ita  quod  oportet 
semper  secare  summitates  eorum.  Vacca  non  permittit  se 
injungi  nisi  cantetur  ei.  Habent  etiam  naturam  bubali 
quia  si  vident  hominem  indutum  rubeis,  insiliunt  in 
eum  volentes  interficere.  Post  illos  sunt  Tebet  homines 
solentes  comedere  parentes  suos  defunctos,  ut  causa 
pietatis  non  facerent  aliud  sepulchrum  eis  nisi  viscera  sua. 
Modo  tamen  hoc  dimiserunt,  quia  abominabiles  erant 
omni  nationi.  Tamen  adhuc  faciunt  pulchros  ciphos  de 
capitibus  parentum,  ut  illis  bibentes  habeant  memoriam 
eorum  in  jocunditate  sua.  Hoc  dixit  mihi  qui  viderat. 
Isti  habent  multum  de  auro  in  terra  sua.  Unde  qui 
indiget  auro,  fodit  donee  reperiat,  &  accipiat  quando  in- 
diget,  residuum  condens  in  terra  :  quia  si  reponeret  in 
area  vel  in  thesauro,  crederet  quod  Deus  auferret  ei  aliud 
quod  est  in  terra.  De  istis  hominibus  vidi  personas  mul- 
tum deformes.  Tangut  vidi  homines  magnos  sed  fuscos. 
Jugures  sunt  mediocris  staturas  sicut  nostri.  Apud 
Jugures  est  fons  &  radix  ideomatis  Turci  &  Comanici. 
Post  Tebet  sunt  Langa  &  Solanga,  quorum  nuncios 
vidi  in  curia  :  Qui  adduxerant  magnas  bigas  plusquam 
decem,  quarum  quaelibet  trahebatur  sex  bobus.  Isti  sunt 
parvi  homines  &  fusci  sicut  Hispani  :  &  habent  tunicas 
sicut  supertunicale   diaconi   manicis   parum    strictioribus  : 

227 


A.D. 

[253- 


Patr'ia 

Presb'iteri 

Johannis. 


TangutpopuH^ 
fortissimi. 

Boves  pilosis 
caudis :  his 
similes  sunt  in 
Quiver  a 
America 
septentrionalis 
provincia. 


Tebet  populi. 


Auri  abun- 
dantia. 


Tangut 
homines  magni 
sed  fusci. 

Langa  iff 
So/afiga. 

Solangi  similes 
Hispanis,  ifj 
fusci. 


A.D. 

1253. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


Tabula  de 

dente 

elephantino. 


&  habent  in  capitibus  mitras  sicut  episcopi.  Sed  pars 
anterior  est  parum  interior  quam  posterior,  &  non  ter- 
minatur  in  unum  angulum  :  sed  sunt  quadrae  desuper,  & 
sunt  de  stramine  rigidato  per  calorem  magnum,  &  limato 
in  tantum,  quod  fulget  ad  radium  solis  sicut  speculum 
vel  galea  bene  burnita.  Et  circa  tempora  habent  longas 
bendas  de  eadem  materia  assutas  ipsi  mitrae  ;  quae  se 
extendunt  ad  ventum  sicut  duo  cornua  egredientia  de 
temporibus.  Et  quando  ventus  nimis  jactat  eas  plicant 
eas  per  medium  mitrae  superius  a  tempore  in  tempus  : 
&  jacent  sicut  circulus  ex  transverso  capitis.  Et  princi- 
palis nuncius  quando  veniebat  ad  curiam,  habebat 
tabulam  de  dente  elephantino  ad  longitudinem  unius 
cubiti,  &  ad  latitudinem  unius  palmi,  rasam  multum  :  Et 
quandocunque  loquebatur  ipsi  Cham,  vel  alicui  magno 
viro,  semper  aspiciebat  in  illam  tabulam,  ac  si  inveniret  ibi 
ea  quae  dicebat  :  nee  respiciebat  ad  dextram  vel  sinistram, 
nee  in  faciem  illius  cui  loquebatur.  Etiam  accedens  coram 
domino  &  recedens  nusquam  respicit  nisi  in  tabulam 
suam.  Ultra  istos  sunt  alii  homines,  ut  intellexi  pro  vero, 
Muc popuU.  qui  dicuntur  Muc,  qui  habent  villas,  sed  nulla  animalia 
sibi  appropriant  :  tamen  sunt  multi  greges  &  multa 
armenta  in  terra  ipsorum,  &  nullus  custodit  ea.  Sed  cum 
aliquis  indiget  aliquo,  ascendit  collem  &  clamat,  &  omnia 
animalia  audientia  clamorem  accedunt  circa  ilium,  & 
permittunt  se  tractari  quasi  domestica.  Et  si  nuncius  vel 
aliquis  extraneus  accedat  ad  regionem  illam,  ipsi  includunt 
eum  in  domo,  &  ministrant  ei  necessaria,  donee  negocium 
ejus  fuerit  expeditum.  Quia  si  iret  extraneus  per 
regionem,  animalia  ad  odorem  ejus  fugerent,  &  efficeren- 
tur  sylvestria.  Ultra  est  magna  Cathaya,  cujus  incolae 
antiquitus  ut  credo  dicebantur  Seres.  Ab  ipsis  enim 
veniunt  optimi  panni  serici.  Et  ille  populus  dicitur  Seres 
a  quodam  oppido  eorum.  Bene  intellexi,  quod  in  ilia 
regione  est  oppidum  habens  muros  argenteos  &  pro- 
pugnacula  aurea.  In  ista  terra  sunt  multae  provinciae, 
quarum  plures  adhuc  non  obediunt  Moallis.  Et  inter  * 
Aliqua  desiderantur. 
228 


Magna 
Cathaya. 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS 


A.D. 

1253- 


The    journal    of    frier    William    de    Rubruquis    a  [I.  93.] 
French  man  of  the  order  of  the  minorite  friers, 
unto  the  East  parts  of  the  worlde.     An.  Dom. 

1253- 

O  his  most  Soveraigne,  &  most  Christian 
Lord  Lewis,  by  Gods  grace  the  renowmed 
king  of  France,  frier  William  de  Rubruk, 
the  meanest  of  the  Minorites  order, 
wisheth  health  &  continual  triumph  in 
CHRIST. 

It  is  written  in  the  booke  of  Ecclesi-  Ecclus.  39. 
asticus  concerning  the  wise  man  :  He  shall  travell  ^^^-  4- 
into  forren  countries,  and  good  and  evill  shall  he  trie 
in  all  things.  The  very  same  action  (my  lord  and  king) 
have  I  atchieved  :  howbeit  I  wish  that  I  have  done  it 
like  a  wise  man,  and  not  like  a  foole.  For  many  there 
be,  that  performe  the  same  action  which  a  wise  man  doth, 
not  wisely  but  more  undiscreetly  :  of  which  number  I 
feare  my  selfe  to  be  one.  Notwithstanding  howsoever 
I  have  done  it,  because  you  commanded  mee,  when  I 
departed  from  your  highnes,  to  write  all  things  unto  you, 
which  I  should  see  among  the  Tartars,  and  you  wished 
me  also  that  I  should  not  feare  to  write  long  letters,  I  have 
done  as  your  majestic  injoined  me  :  yet  with  feare  and 
reverence,  because  I  want  wordes  and  eloquence  sufficient 
to  write  unto  so  great  a  majestie.  Be  it  knowen  there- 
fore unto  your  sacred  Majestie,  that  in  the  yeare  of  our 
Lord  1253.  about  the  Nones  of  May,  we  entered  into  the 
sea  of  Pontus,  which  the  Bulgarians  call  the  great  sea. 
It  containeth  in  length  (as  I  learned  of  certaine  merchants) 
1008  miles,  and  is  in  a  maner,  divided  into  two  parts. 
About  the  midst  thereof  are  two  provinces,  one  towards 
the  North,  and  another  towards  the  South.  The  South 
province  is  called  Synopolis,  and  it  is  the  castle  and  porte 
of  the  Soldan  of  Turkie  :  but  the  North  province  is 
called   of  the    Latines,    Gasaria :    of  the    Greeks,    which 

229 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

inhabite  upon  the  sea  shore  thereof,  it  is  called  Cassaria, 
that  is  to  say  Caesaria.  And  there  are  certaine  head  lands 
stretching  foorth  into  the  sea  towards  Synopolis.  Also, 
there  are  300.  miles  of  distance  betweene  Synopolis  and 
Cassaria.  Insomuch  that  the  distance  from  those  points 
or  places  to  Constantinople,  in  length  and  breadth  is  about 
700.  miles  :  and  700.  miles  also  from  thence  to  the  East, 
namely  to  the  countrey  of  Hiberia  which  is  a  province  of 

Gasaria.  Georgia.  At  the  province  of  Gasaria  or  Cassaria  we 
arrived,  which  province  is,  in  a  maner,  three  square, 
having  a  citie  on  the  West  part  thereof  called  Kersova, 
wherein  S.  Clement  suffered  martyrdome.  And  sayling 
before  the  said  citie,  we  sawe  an  island,  in  which  a  Church 
is  sayd  to  be  built  by  the  hands  of  angels.  But  about  the 
midst  of  the  said  province  toward  the  South,  as  it  were, 
upon  a  sharpe    angle    or    point,  standeth    a    citie    called 

Soidaia.  Soldaia  directly  over  against  Synopolis.  And  there  doe 
all  the  Turkie  merchants,  which  traffique  into  the  North 
countries,  in  their  journey  outward,  arrive,  and  as  they 
returne  homeward  also  from  Russia,  and  the  said 
Northerne  regions,  into  Turkie.  The  foresaid  merchants 
transport  thither  ermines  and  gray  furres,  with  other  rich 
and  costly  skinnes.  Others  carrie  cloathes  made  of  cotton 
or  bombast,  and  silke,  and  divers  kindes  of  spices.  But 
upon  the  East  part  of  the  said  province  standeth  a  citie 

The  citie  of  called    Matriga,   where  the   river   Tanais   dischargeth   his 

Matriga.  streames  into  the  sea  of  Pontus,  the  mouth  wherof  is 
twelve  miles  in  breadth.  For  this  river,  before  it  entreth 
into  the  sea  of  Pontus,  maketh  a  little  sea,  which  hath  in 
breadth  and  length  seven  hundreth  miles,  &  it  is  in  no 
place  thereof  above  sixe  paces  deepe,  whereupon  great 
vessels  cannot  sayle  over  it.     Howbeit  the  merchants  of 

WMatriga.  Constantinople,  arriving  at  the  foresayd  citie  of  II  Materta, 
send  their  barkes  unto  the  river  of  Tanais  to  buy  dried 
fishes.  Sturgeons,  Thosses,  Barbils,  and  an  infinite  number 
of  other  fishes.  The  foresayd  province  of  Cassaria  is 
compassed  in  with  the  sea  on  three  sides  thereof :  namely 
on    the    West    side,    where    Kersova    the    citie    of  Saint 

230 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 

Clement  is  situate  :  on  the  South  side  the  citie  of  Soldaia 
whereat  we  arrived  :  on  the  East  side  Maricandis,  and 
there  stands  the  citie  of  Matriga  upon  the  mouth  of  the 
river  Tanais.  Beyond  the  sayd  mouth  standeth  Zikia,  Zikia. 
which  is  not  in  subjection  unto  the  Tartars  :  also  the 
people  called  Suevi  and  Hiberi  towards  the  East,  who 
likewise  are  not  under  the  Tartars  dominion.  Moreover 
towards  the  South,  standeth  the  citie  of  Trapesunda, 
which  hath  a  governour  proper  to  it  selfe,  named  Guydo, 
being  of  the  linage  of  the  emperours  of  Constantinople, 
and  is  subject  unto  the  Tartars.  Next  unto  that  is 
Synopolis  the  citie  of  the  Soldan  of  Turkie,  who  likewise 
is  in  subjection  unto  them.  Next  unto  these  lyeth  the 
countrey  of  Vastacius,  whose  sonne  is  called  Astar,  of 
his  grandfather  by  the  mothers  side,  who  is  not  in 
subjection.  All  the  land  from  the  mouth  of  Tanais 
Westward  as  farre  as  Danubius  is  under  their  jurisdiction. 
Yea  beyond  Danubius  also,  towards  Constantinople, 
Valakia,  which  is  the  land  of  Assanus,  and  Bulgaria  minor 
as  farre  as  Solonia,  doe  all  pay  tribute  unto  them.     And  I 

besides  the  tribute  imposed,  they  have  also,  of  late  yeares,  [I-  94-] 
exacted   of  every   houshold   an   axe,  and   all   such   corne  \ 

as  they  found  lying  on  heapes.     We  arrived  therefore  at  '\ 

Soldaia  the  twelfth  of  the  Kalends  of  June.     And  divers  \ 

merchants   of  Constantinople,   which  were    arrived   there  ,j 

before  us,  reported  that  certaine  messengers  were   com-  \ 

ming  thither  from  the  holy  land,  who  were  desirous  to  j 

travell   unto    Sartach.     Notwithstanding    I    my    self  had  I 

publikely  given  out  upon  Palme  Sunday  within  ye  Church  \ 

of  Sancta  Sophia,  that  I  was  not  your  nor  any  other  mans 
messenger,    but    that    I    travailed    unto     those    infidels  ■ 

according  to  the  rule  of  our  order.  And  being  arrived, 
the  said  merchants  admonished  me  to  take  diligent  heede 
what  I  spake :  because  they  having  reported  me  to  be  a 
messenger,  if  I  should  say  the  contrary,  that  1  were  no  \ 

messenger,  I  could  not  have  free  passage  granted  unto  me.  \ 

Then  I  spake  after  this  maner  unto  the  governors  of  the 
citie,    or    rather    unto    their    Lieutenants,    because    the 

231 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

governors  themselves  were  gone  to  pay  tribute  unto 
Baatu,  &  were  not  as  yet  returned.  We  heard  of  your 
lord  Sartach  (quoth  I)  in  the  holy  land,  that  he  was 
become  a  Christian  :  and  the  Christians  were  exceeding 
glad  therof,  &  especially  the  most  Christian  king  of 
France,  who  is  there  now  in  pilgrimage,  &  fighteth  against 
the  Saracens  to  redeeme  the  holy  places  out  of  their 
handes :  wherfore  I  am  determined  to  go  unto  Sartach, 
&  to  deliver  unto  him  ye  letters  of  my  lord  the  king, 
wherein  he  admonisheth  him  concerning  the  good  and 
commoditie  of  all  Christendome.  And  they  received  us 
with  gladnes,  and  gave  us  enterteinement  in  the  cathedrall 
Church.  The  bishop  of  which  Church  was  with  Sartach, 
who  told  me  many  good  things  concerning  the  saide 
Sartach,  which  afterward  I  found  to  be  nothing  so.  Then 
put  they  us  to  our  choyce,  whither  we  woulde  have  cartes 
and  oxen,  or  packe  horses  to  transport  our  cariages.  And 
the  marchants  of  Constantinople  advised  me,  not  to  take 
cartes  of  the  citizens  of  Soldaia,  but  to  buy  covered  cartes 
of  mine  owne,  (such  as  the  Russians  carrie  their  skins  in) 
and  to  put  all  our  carriages,  which  I  would  daylie  take 
out,  into  them  :  because,  if  I  should  use  horses,  I  must 
be  constrained  at  every  baite  to  take  downe  my  carriages, 
and  to  lift  them  up  againe  on  sundry  horses  backs :  and 
besides,  that  I  should  ride  a  more  gentle  pace  by  the  oxen 
drawing  the  cartes.  Wherfore,  contenting  my  selfe  with 
their  evil  counsel,  I  was  traveiling  unto  Sartach  2. 
moneths  which  I  could  have  done  in  one,  if  I  had  gone 
by  horse.  I  brought  with  me  from  Constantinople  (being 
by  the  marchants  advised  so  to  doe)  pleasant  fruits, 
muscadel  wine,  and  delicate  bisket  bread  to  present  unto 
the  governours  of  Soldaia,  to  the  end  I  might  obtaine  free 
passage :  because  they  looke  favourablie  upon  no  man 
which  commeth  with  an  emptie  hand.  All  which  thinges 
I  bestowed  in  one  of  my  cartes,  (not  finding  the  gover- 
nours of  the  citie  at  home)  for  they  told  me,  if  I  could 
carrie  them  to  Sartach,  that  they  would  be  most  acceptable 
unto  him.     Wee  tooke  our  journey  therefore  about  the 

232 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS                        a.d.  ] 

1253.  ] 

kalends  of  June,  with  fower  covered  cartes  of  our  owne 
and  with  two  other  which  wee  borrowed  of  them,  wherein  \ 
we  carried  our  bedding  to  rest  upon  in  the  night,  and  | 
they  allowed  us  five  horses  to  ride  upon.  For  there  were  i 
just  five  persons  in  our  company :  namely,  I  my  selfe  and  \ 
mine  associate  frier  Bartholomew  of  Cremona,  and  Goset  ^^'^^^'  Bat-^ho-  j 
the  bearer  of  these  presents,  the  man  of  God  Turgeman-  ^^.^^^^^  ! 
nus,  and  Nicolas  my  servant,  whome  I  bought  at  Con-  \ 
stantinople  with  some  part  of  the  almes  bestowed  upon  ; 
me.  Moreover,  they  allowed  us  two  men,  which  drave  ■ 
our  carts  and  gave  attendance  unto  our  oxen  and  horses.  j 
There  be  high  promontories  on  the  sea  shore  from  ' 
Kersova  unto  the  mouth  of  Tanais.  Also  there  are  fortie  '  ; 
castles  betweene  Kersova  and  Soldaia,  every  one  of  which  ; 
almost  have  their  proper  languages :  amongst  whome  j 
there  were  many  Gothes,  who  spake  the  Dutch  tongue. 
Beyond  the  said  mountaines  towards  the  North,  there  is  a  •: 
most  beautifuU  wood  growing  on  a  plaine  ful  of  fountaines  > 
&  freshets.  And  beyond  the  wood  there  is  a  mightie  ] 
plaine  champion,  continuing  five  dayes  journey  unto  the  ■ 
very  extremitie  and  borders  of  the  said  province  north- 
ward, and  there  it  is  a  narrow  Isthmus  or  neck  land,  ^'^^  "f^^^  °f  ' 
having  sea  on  the  East  &  West  sides  therof,  insomuch  qI^^^^^^^^  : 
that  there  is  a  ditch  made  from  one  sea  unto  the  other.  i 
In  the  same  plaine  (before  the  Tartars  sprang  up)  were  ., 
the  Comanians  wont  to  inhabite,  who  compelled  the  | 
foresayd  cities  and  castles  to  pay  tribute  unto  them.  But  d 
when  the  Tartars  came  upon  them,  the  multitude  of  the  • 
Comanians  entred  into  the  foresaid  province,  and  fled  all  ; 
of  them,  even  unto  the  sea  shore,  being  in  such  extreame  '\ 
famine,  that  they  which  were  alive,  were  constrained  to  \ 
eate  up  those  which  were  dead :  and  (as  a  marchant  re-  1 
ported  unto  me  who  sawe  it  with  his  owne  eyes)  that  the 
living  men  devoured  and  tore  with  their  teeth,  the  raw  ] 
flesh  of  the  dead,  as  dogges  would  gnawe  upon  carrion.  I 
Towards  the  borders  of  the  sayd  province  there  be  many  j 
great  lakes :  upon  the  bankes  whereof  are  salt  pits  or  j 
fountaines,  the  water  of  which  so  soone  as  it  entereth  into  j 

233  , 


AD  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253. 

the  lake,  becommeth  hard  sake  like  unto  ice.  And  out  of 
those  salte  pittes  Baatu  and  Sartach  have  great  revenues : 
for  they  repayre  thither  out  of  all  Russia  for  salte :  and 
for  each  carte  loade  they  give  two  webbes  of  cotton 
amounting  to  the  value  of  half  an  Yperpera.  There  come 
by  sea  also  many  ships  for  salt,  which  pay  tribute  every 
one  of  them  according  to  their  burden.  The  third  day 
after  wee  were  departed  out  of  the  precincts  of  Soldaia,  we 
The  Tartars,  found  the  Tartars.  Amongst  whome  being  entred,  me 
[I-  95-]  thought  I  was  come  into  a  new  world.     Whose  life  and 

maners  I  wil  describe  unto  your  Highnes  as  well  as  I  can. 

Of  the  Tartars,  and  of  their  houses.      Chap.   2. 

THey  have  in  no  place  any  setled  citie  to  abide  in, 
neither  knowe  they  of  the  celestiall  citie  to  come. 
They  have  divided  all  Scythia  among  themselves,  which 
stretcheth  from  the  river  Danubius  even  unto  the  rising 
of  the  sunne.  And  every  of  their  captaines,  according  to 
the  great  or  small  number  of  his  people,  knoweth  the 
bounds  of  his  pastures,  and  where  he  ought  to  feed  his 
cattel  winter  and  summer.  Spring  and  autumne.  For  in 
the  winter  they  descend  unto  the  warme  regions  south- 
ward. And  in  the  summer  they  ascend  unto  the  colde 
regions  northv/ard.  In  winter  when  snowe  lyeth  upon 
the  ground,  they  feede  their  cattell  upon  pastures  without 
water,  because  then  they  use  snow  in  stead  of  water. 
Their  houses  wherein  they  sleepe,  they  ground  upon  a 
round  foundation  of  wickers  artificially  wrought  and  com- 
pacted together :  the  roofe  whereof  consisteth  (in  like 
sorte)  of  wickers,  meeting  above  into  one  little  roundell, 
out  of  which  roundell  ascendeth  upward  a  necke  like  unto 
a  chimney,  which  they  cover  with  white  felte,  and  often- 
times they  lay  morter  or  white  earth  upon  the  sayd  felt, 
with  the  powder  of  bones,  that  it  may  shine  white.  And 
sometimes  also  they  cover  it  with  blacke  felte.  The  sayd 
felte  on  the  necke  of  their  house,  they  doe  garnish  over 
with  beautifull  varietie  of  pictures.  Before  the  doore 
likewise  they  hang  a  felt  curiously  painted   over.      For 

234 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad,              j 

1253.  I 

they  spend  all  their  coloured  felt,  in  painting  vines,  trees,  :, 

birds,   and    beastes    thereupon.     The    sayd    houses    they  ; 

make  so  large,  that  they  conteine  thirtie  foote  in  breadth.  \ 

For  measuring  once  the  breadth  betweene  the  wheele-ruts 

of  one  of  their  cartes,  I  found  it  to  be  20  feete  over  :  and  ^ 

when  the  house  was  upon  the  carte,  it  stretched  over  the  i 

wheeles  on  each  side  five  feete  at  the  least.     I  told  22.  , 

oxen  in  one  teame,  drawing  an  house  upon  a  cart,  eleven  ] 

in  one  order  according  to  the  breadth  of  the  carte,  and  ] 

eleven  more  before  them  :  the  axletree  of  the  carte  was  of  j 

an  huge  bignes  like  unto  the  mast  of  a  ship.     And  a  fellow  i 

stood  in  the  doore  of  the  house,  upon  the  forestall  of  the  j 

carte    driving    forth    the    oxen.       Moreover,   they    make  j 

certaine   fouresquare  baskets  of  small  slender  wickers  as  I 

big  as  great  chestes :    and   afterward,  from   one  side  to  ) 

another,  they  frame  an  hollow  lidde  or  cover  of  such  like  ; 

wickers,  and  make  a  doore  in  the  fore  side  thereof.     And  | 

then  they  cover  the  sayd  chest  or  little  house  with  black  ■ 

felt  rubbed  over  with  tallow  or  sheeps  milke  to  keepe  the  ! 

raine  from  soaking  through,  which   they  decke  likewise 

with  painting  or  with  feathers.     And  in  such  chests  they  i 

put  their  whole   houshold   stuffe  &   treasure.     Also  the  ! 

same    chests    they   do    strongly   bind    upon    other    carts,  \ 

which  are  drawen  with  camels,  to  ye  end  they  may  wade  j 

through  rivers.     Neither  do  they  at  any  time  take  down  i 

the   sayd  chests  from   off  their  carts.     When   they  take 

down  their  dwelling  houses,  they  turne  the  doores  alwayes  ! 

to  the  South :    &  next  of  all  they  place  the  carts  laden  '\ 

with  their  chests,  here  &  there,  within  half  a  stones  cast  of  i 

ye  house :  insomuch  that  the  house  standeth  between  two  ] 

ranks  of  carts,  as  it  were,  between  two  wals.    The  matrons  J 

make  for  themselves  most  beautiful  carts,  which  I  am  not  ThebenefiteoJ         j 

able  to  describe  unto  vour  maiestie  but  by  pictures  onlie:  ^P^^^^^^"^'^ 

rr            11-1          Mi-ii                •         111-           r  stranse  coun- 

ror  1  would  right  willingly  have  painted  al  things  tor  you,  ^^.^^f^                   \ 

had  my  skill  bin  ought  in  that  art.     One  rich   Moal  or  j 

Tartar  hath  200.  or  100.  such  cartes  with  chests.     Duke  | 

Baatu  hath  sixteene  wives,  every  one  of  which  hath  one 

great  house,  besides  other  little  houses,  which  they  place  ] 

235  ; 

I 

\ 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253. 

behind  the  great  one,  being  as  it  were  chambers  for  their 
maidens  to  dwel  in.  And  unto  every  of  the  said  houses 
do  belong  200.  cartes.  When  they  take  their  houses  from 
off  the  cartes,  the  principal  wife  placeth  her  court  on  the 
West  frontier,  and  so  all  the  rest  in  their  order :  so  that 
the  last  wife  dwelleth  upon  the  East  frontier :  and  one  of 
the  said  ladies  courts  is  distant  from  another  about  a 
stones  cast.  Whereupon  the  court  of  one  rich  Moal  or 
Tartar  will  appeare  like  unto  a  great  village,  very  few 
men  abiding  in  the  same.  One  woman  will  guide  20.  or 
30.  cartes  at  once,  for  their  countries  are  very  plaine,  and 
they  binde  the  cartes  with  camels  or  oxen,  one  behind 
another.  And  there  sittes  a  wench  in  the  foremost  carte 
driving  the  oxen,  and  al  the  residue  follow  on  a  like  pace. 
When  they  chance  to  come  at  any  bad  passage,  they  let 
them  loose,  and  guide  them  over  one  by  one  :  for  they 
goe  a  slowe  pace,  as  fast  as  a  lambe  or  an  oxe  can  walke. 

Of  their  beds,  and  of  their  drinking  pots. 
Chap.    3. 

Aving  taken  downe  their  houses  from  off  their  cartes, 
and  turning  the  doores  Southward,  they  place  the 
bed  of  the  master  of  the  house,  at  the  North  part  thereof. 
The  womens  place  is  alwaies  on  the  East  side,  namely  on 
the  left  hand  of  the  good  man  of  the  house  sitting  upon 
his  bed  with  his  face  Southwards :  but  the  mens  place  is 
upon  ye  West  side,  namely  at  the  right  hand  of  their 
master.  Men  when  they  enter  into  the  house,  wil  not  in 
[I.  96.]  any  case  hang  their  quivers  on  the  womens  side.  Over 
the  masters  head  there  is  alwayes  an  image,  like  a  puppet, 
made  of  felte,  which  they  call  the  masters  brother :  and 
another  over  the  head  of  the  good  wife  or  mistresse, 
which  they  call  her  brother  being  fastened  to  the  wall : 
and  above  betweene  both  of  them,  there  is  a  little  leane 
one,  which  is,  as  it  were  the  keeper  of  the  whole  house. 
The  good  wife  or  mistresse  of  the  house  placeth  aloft  at 
her  beds  feete,  on  the  right  hand,  the  skinne  of  a  Kidde 
stuffed  with  wooll  or  some  other  matter,  and  neare  unto 

236 


H 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 

that  a  litle  image  or  puppet  looking  towards  the  maidens 
and  women.  Next  unto  the  doore  also  on  the  womens 
side,  there  is  another  image  with  a  cowes  udder,  for  the 
women  that  milke  the  kine.  For  it  is  the  duety  of  their 
women  to  milke  kine.  On  the  other  side  of  the  doore 
next  unto  the  men,  there  is  another  image  with  the  udder 
of  a  mare,  for  the  men  which  milke  mares.  And  when 
they  come  together  to  drinke  and  make  merie,  they 
sprinckle  parte  of  their  drinke  upon  the  image  which  is 
above  the  masters  head :  afterward  upon  other  images  in 
order :  then  goeth  a  servant  out  of  the  house  with  a 
cuppe  full  of  drinke  sprinckling  it  thrise  towards  the 
South,  and  bowing  his  knee  at  every  time :  and  this  is 
done  for  the  honour  of  the  fire.  Then  perfourmeth  he 
the  like  superstitious  idolatrie  towards  the  East,  for  the 
honour  of  the  ayre :  and  then  to  the  West  for  the  honour 
of  the  water :  &  lastly  to  the  North  in  the  behalfe  of  the 
dead.  When  the  maister  holdeth  a  cuppe  in  his  hande  to 
drinke,  before  he  tasteth  thereof,  hee  powreth  his  part 
upon  the  ground.  If  he  drinketh  sitting  on  horse  backe, 
hee  powreth  out  part  thereof  upon  the  necke  or  maine  of 
his  horse  before  hee  himselfe  drinketh.  After  the  ser- 
vaunt  aforesaide  hath  so  discharged  his  cuppes  to  the 
fower  quarters  of  the  world,  hee  returneth  into  the  house : 
and  two  other  servants  stand  ready  with  two  cuppes,  and 
two  basons,  to  carrie  drinke  unto  their  master  and  his 
wife,  sitting  together  upon  a  bed.  And  if  he  hath  more 
wives  then  one,  she  with  whome  hee  slept  the  night  be- 
fore, sitteth  by  his  side  the  daye  following :  and  all  his 
other  wives  must  that  day  resorte  unto  the  same  house  to 
drinke :  and  there  is  the  court  holden  for  that  day :  the 
giftes  also  which  are  presented  that  daye  are  layd  up  in 
the  chests  of  the  sayd  wife.  And  upon  a  bench  stands  a 
vessell  of  milke  or  of  other  drinke  and  drinking  cuppes. 


[Of  their 
237 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1 253- 


I 


Of  their  drinkes,  and  how  they  provoke  one 

another  to  drinking.  Chap.  4. 
N  winter  time  they  make  excellent  drinke  of  Rise,  of 
Mill,  and  of  honie,  being  well  and  high  coloured  like 
wine.  Also  they  have  wine  brought  unto  them  from  farre 
countries.  In  summer  time  they  care  not  for  any  drinke, 
but  Cosmos.  And  it  standeth  alwaies  within  the  entrance 
of  his  doore,  and  next  unto  it  stands  a  minstrell  with  his 
fidle.  1  sawe  there  no  such  citerns  and  vials  as  ours  com- 
monly be,  but  many  other  musicall  instruments  which  are 
not  used  among  us.  And  when  the  master  of  the  house 
begins  to  drinke,  one  of  his  servants  cryeth  out  with  a 
lowde  voice  HA,  and  the  minstrell  playes  upon  his  fidle. 
They  use  the  And  when  they  make  any  great  solemne  feast,  they  all  of 
h ice  custom e  in  t^gj^  d^p  their  hands  &  daunce  to  the  noyse  of  musique, 
the  men  before  their  master  and  the  women  before  their 
mistresse.  And  when  the  master  hath  drunke,  then  cries 
out  his  servant  as  before,  and  the  minstrell  stayeth  his 
musique.  Then  drinke  they  all  around  both  men  and 
women :  and  sometimes  they  carowse  for  the  victory  very 
filthily  and  drunkenly.  Also  when  they  will  provoke 
any  man,  they  pul  him  by  the  eares  to  the  drinke,  and  so 
lug  and  draw  him  strongly  to  stretch  out  his  throate 
clapping  their  handes  and  dauncing  before  him.  More- 
over when  some  of  them  will  make  great  feasting  and 
rejoycing,  one  of  the  company  takes  a  full  cuppe,  and 
two  other  stand,  one  on  his  right  hand  and  another  on 
his  left,  and  so  they  three  come  singing  to  the  man  who 
is  to  have  the  cuppe  reached  unto  him,  still  singing  and 
dauncing  before  him :  and  when  he  stretcheth  foorth  his 
hand  to  receive  the  cuppe,  they  leape  suddenly  backe, 
returning  againe  as  they  did  before,  and  so  having 
deluded  him  thrice  or  fower  times  by  drawing  backe 
the  cuppe  untill  he  be  merie,  and  hath  gotten  a  good 
appetite,  then  they  give  him  the  cuppe,  singing  and 
dauncing  and  stamping  with  their  feete,  untill  he  hath 
done  drinking. 

238 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 

Of  their  foode  and  victuals.     Chap.   5. 

Concerning  their  foode  and  victuals,  be  it  knowen  unto 
your  Highnesse  that  they  do,  without  al  difference  or 
exception,  eat  all  their  dead  carrions.  And  amongst  so 
many  droves  it  cannot  be,  but  some  cattell  must  needes 
die.  Howbeit  in  summer,  so  long  as  their  Cosmos,  that 
is,  their  mares  milke  lasteth,  they  care  not  for  any  foode. 
And  if  they  chance  to  have  an  oxe  or  an  horse  dye,  they 
drie  the  flesh  thereof:  for  cutting  it  into  thin  slices  and 
hanging  it  up  against  the  Sunne  and  the  wind,  it  is  Drfingoffiesh 
presently  dried  without  salt,  and  also  without  stenche  ^^  ^^^  ^^^'^^ 
or  corruption.  They  make  better  puddings  of  their  [I.  97.] 
horses  then  of  their  hogs,  which  they  eate  being  new 
made :  the  rest  of  the  flesh  they  reserve  untill  winter. 
They  make  of  their  oxe  skins  great  bladders  or  bags, 
which  they  doe  wonderfully  dry  in  the  smoake.  Of  the 
hinder  part  of  their  horse  hides  they  make  very  fine 
sandals  &  pantofles.  They  give  unto  50.  or  an  100. 
men  the  flesh  of  one  ram  to  eat.  For  they  mince  it  in  a 
bowle  with  salt  and  water  (other  sauce  they  have  none) 
and  then  with  the  point  of  a  knife,  or  a  litle  forke  which 
they  make  for  the  same  purpose  (such  as  wee  use  to  take 
rosted  peares  or  apples  out  of  wine  withal)  they  reach 
unto  every  one  of  the  company  a  morsel!  or  twaine, 
according  to  the  multitude  of  guestes.  The  master  of 
the  house,  before  the  rams  flesh  be  distributed,  first  of  all 
himselfe  taketh  thereof,  what  he  pleaseth.  Also,  if  he 
giveth  unto  any  of  the  company  a  speciall  part,  the 
receiver  therof  must  eat  it  alone,  and  must  not  impart 
ought  therof  unto  any  other.  Not  being  able  to  eate  it 
up  all,  he  caries  it  with  him,  or  delivers  it  unto  his 
boy,  if  he  be  present,  to  keepe  it :  if  not,  he  puts  it 
up  into  his  Saptargat,  that  is  to  say,  his  foure  square 
buget,  which  they  use  to  cary  about  with  them  for  the 
saving  of  all  such  provision,  and  wherein  they  lay  up 
their  bones,  when  they  have  not  time  to  gnaw  them 
throughly,     that     they     may     burnish     them     afterward, 

239 


I 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253. 

to   the  end   that   no    whit  of  their    food    may  come   to 
nought. 

How  they  make  their  drinke  called  Cosmos. 
Chap.   6. 

THeir  drinke  called  Cosmos,  which  is  mares  milke,  is 
prepared  after  this  maner.  They  fasten  a  long  line 
unto  2.  posts  standing  firmely  in  the  ground,  &  unto  the 
same  line  they  tie  the  young  foles  of  those  mares,  which 
they  mean  to  milke.  Then  come  the  dams  to  stand  by 
their  foles  gently  suffering  themselves  to  be  milked.  And 
if  any  of  them  be  too  unruly,  then  one  takes  her  fole,  & 
puts  it  under  her,  letting  it  suck  a  while,  and  presently 
carying  it  away  againe,  there  comes  another  man  to  milke 
the  said  mare.  And  having  gotten  a  good  quantity  of 
this  milke  together  (being  as  sweet  as  cowes  milke)  while 
it  is  newe  they  powre  it  into  a  great  bladder  or  bag,  and 
they  beat  the  said  bag  with  a  piece  of  wood  made  for  the 
purpose,  having  a  club  at  the  lower  ende  like  a  mans 
head,  which  is  hollow  within :  and  so  soone  as  they  beat 
upon  it,  it  begins  to  boile  like  newe  wine,  &  to  be  sower 
and  sharp  of  taste,  and  they  beate  it  in  that  maner  till 
butter  come  thereof.  Then  taste  they  thereof,  and  being 
indifferently  sharpe  they  drinke  it :  for  it  biteth  a  mans 
tongue  like  the  wine  of  raspes,  when  it  is  drunk.  After 
a  man  hath  taken  a  draught  therof,  it  leaveth  behind  it  a 
taste  like  the  taste  of  almon  milke,  and  goeth  downe  very 
pleasantly,  intoxicating  weake  braines  :  also  it  causeth  urine 
to  be  avoided  in  great  measure.  Likewise  Caracosmos, 
that  is  to  say  black  Cosmos,  for  great  lords  to  drink,  they 
make  on  this  maner.  First  they  beat  the  said  milke 
so  long  till  the  thickest  part  thereof  descend  right  downe 
to  the  bottome  like  the  lees  of  white  wine,  and  that 
which  is  thin  and  pure  remaineth  above,  being  like  unto 
whay  or  white  must.  The  said  lees  or  dregs  being  very 
white,  are  given  to  servants,  and  will  cause  them  to 
sleepe  exceedingly.  That  which  is  thinne  and  cleare 
their  masters  drinke :  and  in  very  deed  it  is  marveilous 

240 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253- 

sweete  and  holesome  liquor.  Duke  Baatu  hath  thirty 
cottages  or  granges  within  a  daies  journey  of  his  abiding 
place :  every  one  of  which  serveth  him  dayly  with  the 
Caracosmos  of  an  hundreth  mares  milk,  and  so  all  of 
them  together  every  day  with  the  milke  of  3000.  mares, 
besides  white  milke  which  other  of  his  subjects  bring. 
For  even  as  the  husbandmen  of  Syria  bestow  the  third 
part  of  their  fruicts  and  carie  it  unto  the  courts  of  their 
lords,  even  so  doe  they  their  mares  milke  every  third 
day.  Out  of  their  cowes  milke  they  first  churne  butter, 
boyling  the  which  butter  unto  a  perfect  decoction,  they 
put  it  into  rams  skinnes,  which  they  reserve  for  the 
same  purpose.  Neither  doe  they  sake  their  butter :  and 
yet  by  reason  of  the  long  seething,  it  putrifieth  not  : 
and  they  keepe  it  in  store  for  winter.  The  churnmilke 
which  remaineth  of  the  butter,  they  let  alone  till  it  be 
as  sowre  as  possibly  it  may  be,  then  they  boile  it  and 
in  boiling,  it  is  turned  all  into  curdes,  which  curds  they 
drie  in  the  sun,  making  them  as  hard  as  the  drosse  of 
iron :  and  this  kind  of  food  also  they  store  up  in  sachels 
against  winter.  In  the  winter  season  when  milke  faileth 
them,  they  put  the  foresaid  curds  (which  they  cal  Gry-ut) 
into  a  bladder,  and  powring  hot  water  thereinto,  they 
beat  it  lustily  till  they  have  resolved  it  into  the  said 
water,  which  is  thereby  made  exceedingly  sowre,  and 
that  they  drinke  in  stead  of  milke.  They  are  very 
scrupulous,  and  take  diligent  heed  that  they  drinke  not 
fayre  water  by  it  selfe. 

Of  the  beastes  which  they  eat,  of  their  garments, 
and  of  their  maner  of  hunting.      Chap.   7. 

GReat  lords  have  cottages  or  granges  towards  the 
South,  from  whence  their  tenants  bring  them 
Millet  and  meale  against  winter.  The  poorer  sort 
provide  themselves  of  such  necessaries,  for  ye  exchange 
of  rams,  &  of  other  beasts  skins.  The  Tartars  slaves 
fil  their  bellies  with  thick  water,  &  are  therewithal! 
contented.  They  wil  neither  eate  mise  with  long  tailes, 
I  241  Q 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

nor  any  kinde  of  mise  with   short  tailes.       They  have 

also    certaine    litle    beasts  called   by  them   Sogur,   which 

[I.  98.]  lie  in  a  cave  twenty  or  thirty  of  them  together,  al   the 

whole    winter    sleeping    there    for    the    space    of    sixe 

moneths :     and    these    they    take    in    great    abundance. 

There  are  also  a  kind  of  conies  having  long  tayles  like 

unto  cats :  &  on  the  outside  of  their  tailes  grow  blacke 

&  white    haires.      They  have   many   other  small    beasts 

good  to  eat,  which  they  know  and  discerne  right  well. 

I  saw  no  Deere  there,  &  but  a  fewe  hares,  but  a  great 

number  of  Roes.     I  saw  wild  asses  in  great  abundance, 

which  be  like   unto  Mules.      Also   I   saw  another  kind 

of  beast  called  Artak,  having  in  al  resemblance  the  body 

of  a  ram,  &  crooked  homes,  which  are  of  such  bignes, 

that   I   could   scarce  lift  up  a  paire    of  them   with    one 

hand :    &    of  these    homes    they    make    great    drinking 

cups.      They  have  Falcons,  Girfalcons,  &  other  haukes 

Our  falconers  in  great  plenty,    all    which    they   cary  upon   their   right 

use  the  left       hands :    &  they   put  alwaies   about   their   Falcons   necks 

^^'  a    string  of  leather,   which   hangeth   down   to  ye   midst 

strange  cus-      ^^  ^^^i^    gorges,    by  the    which   string,   when    they  cast 

tome,  which      them   off  the   fist  at   their    game,   with    their    left    hand 

/  leave  to  be    they  bow  downe  the  heads  &  breasts  of  the  sayd  haukes, 

scanned  by       j^^^^    ^^icy    should    be    tossed    up    &    downe,    &    beaten 

themselves.       ^^^^    ^^^   wind,   or    least    they    should    soare    too    high. 

Wherefore   they  get  a  great   part   of  their   victuals,   by 

hunting    &    hauking.      Concerning    their    garments    and 

attire    be    it    knowen     unto    your     Majestic,     that    out 

of  Cataya  &   other  regions  of  the   East,   out  of  Persia 

also  and  other  countries  of  the  South,  there  are  brought 

unto    them    stuffes    of  silke,    cloth    of  gold,    &    cotton 

cloth,  which  they  weare   in   time  of  summer.     But  out 

of    Russia,     Moxel,    Bulgaria    the    greater,    &    Pascatir, 

that  is   Hungaria    the    greater,    and    out    of  Kersis    (all 

which  are   Northerne  regions  &  full  of  woods)   &  also 

out   of  many   other  countries   of  the   North,  which   are 

subject  unto  them,  the  inhabitants  bring  them  rich  and 

costly  skins  of  divers  sortes  (which   I  never  saw  in  our 

242 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 

countries)    wherewithal   they   are   clad    in   winter.       And 

alwaies  against  winter  they  make  themselves  two  gownes, 

one  with  the  fur  inward   to   their  skin,  &  another  with 

the  furre  outward,   to  defend  them  from  wind  &  snow, 

which  for  the  most  part  are   made  of  woolves  skins,  or 

Fox  skins,  or  els  of  Papions.     And  when  they  sit  within 

the    house,    they    have    a    finer    gowne   to   weare.      The 

poorer    sort    make    their    upper    gowne    of  dogs    or    of 

goats  skins.      When  they  goe  to   hunt  for  wild  beasts, 

there   meets  a  great  company  of  them   together,   &  in- 

vironing  the  place  round  about,  where  they  are  sure  to 

find    some    game,    by  litle   &   litle    they   approch    on    al 

sides,    til    they    have    gotten    the    wild    beasts    into    the  j 

midst,  as  it   were  into   a   circle,   &   then   they  discharge 

their    arrowes    at    them.      Also    they    make    themselves 

breeches    of    skins.       The    rich    Tartars    somtimes     fur 

their  gowns  with  pelluce  or  silke  shag,  which  is  exceeding 

soft,  light,   &   warme.      The   poorer   sort   do    line    their  l 

clothes   with   cotton    cloth   which   is   made   of  the   finest  1 

wooll  they  can  pick  out,  &  of  the  courser  part  of  the  1 

said    wool,    they  make    felt    to    cover   their    houses    and  | 

their  chests,   and  for   their  bedding  also.      Of  the  same  ■ 

wool,  being  mixed  with   one  third  part  of  horse  haire,  1 

they  make   all   their  cordage.      They  make  also  of  the  j 

said  felt  coverings  for  their  stooles,  and  caps  to   defende  Great  expense  ; 


their  heads  from  the  weather :  for  all  which  purposes 
they  spend  a  great  quantity  of  their  wooll.  And  thus 
much   concerning  the  attyre  of  the  men. 

Of  the  fashion  which  the  Tartars  use  in  cutting 
their  haire,  and  of  the  attire  of  their  v^omen. 
Chap.   8. 

THe  men  shave  a  plot  foure  square  upon  the  crownes 
of  their  heads,  and  from  the  two  formost  corners 
they  shave,  as  it  were,  two  seames  downe  to  their 
temples :  they  shave  also  their  temples  and  the  hinder 
part  of  their  head  even  unto  the  nape  of  the  necke : 
likewise    they   shave    the   forepart   of  their    scalp   downe 

243 


of  wooll. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

^253. 

to  their  foreheads,  &  upon  their  foreheads  they  leave 
a  locke  of  hayre  reaching  downe  unto  their  eye  browes  : 
upon  the  two  hindermost  corners  of  their  heads,  they 
have  two  lockes  also,  which  they  twine  and  braid  into 
knots  and  so  bind  and  knit  them  under  each  eare  one. 
Moreover  their  womens  garments  differ  not  from  their 
mens,  saving  that  they  are  somwhat  longer.  But  on 
the  morrowe  after  one  of  their  women  is  maried,  shee 
shaves  her  scalpe  from  the  middest  of  her  head  down 
to  her  forehead,  &  weares  a  wide  garment  like  unto 
the  hood  of  a  Nunne,  yea  larger  and  longer  in  all 
parts  then  a  Nuns  hood,  being  open  before  and  girt 
unto  them  under  the  right  side.  For  herein  doe  the 
Tartars  differ  from  the  Turkes  :  because  the  Turkes 
fasten  their  garments  to  their  bodies  on  the  left  side  : 
but  the  Tartars  alwaies  on  the  right  side.  They  have 
also  an  ornament  for  their  heads  which  they  call  Botta, 
being  made  of  the  barke  of  a  tree,  or  of  some  such 
other  lighter  matter  as  they  can  find,  which  by  reason 
of  the  thicknes  &  roundnes  therof  cannot  be  holden 
but  in  both  hands  together :  &  it  hath  a  square  sharp 
spire  rising  from  the  top  therof,  being  more  then  a 
cubite  in  length,  &  fashioned  like  unto  a  pinacle.  The 
said  Botta  they  cover  al  over  with  a  piece  of  rich  silke  : 
&  it  is  hollow  within  :  &  upon  the  midst  of  the  sayd 
spire  or  square  toppe,  they  put  a  bunch  of  quils  or  of 
slender  canes  a  cubite  long  and  more :  &  the  sayd 
bunch,  on  the  top  thereof,  they  beautifie  with  Peacocks 
feathers,  &  round  about  al  ye  length  therof,  with  the 
feathers  of  a  Malards  taile,  &  with  precious  stones 
also.  Great  ladies  weare  this  kind  of  ornament  upon 
their  heads  binding  it  strongly  with  a  certain  hat  or 
coyfe,  which  hath  an  hole  in  the  crowne,  fit  for  the 
[I.  99.]  spire  to  come  through  it :  &  under  the  foresaid  ornament 
they  cover  the  haires  of  their  heads,  which  they  gather 
up  round  together  from  the  hinder  part  therof  to  the 
crowne,  &  so  lap  them  up  in  a  knot  or  bundel  within 
the  said  Botta,  which  afterward  they  bind  strongly  under 

244 


WILLIAM    DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

J  253. 
their  throtes.  Hereupon  when  a  great  company  of 
such  gentlewomen  ride  together,  and  are  beheld  a  far 
off,  they  seem  to  be  souldiers  with  helmets  on  their 
heads  carrying  their  launces  upright :  for  the  said  Botta 
appeareth  like  an  helmet  with  a  launce  over  it.  Al 
their  women  sit  on  horsebacke  bestriding  their  horses 
like  men :  &  they  bind  their  hoods  or  gownes  about 
their  wastes  with  a  skie  coloured  silke  skarfe,  &  with 
another  skarfe  they  girde  it  above  their  breasts :  & 
they  bind  also  a  piece  of  white  silke  like  a  mufler  or 
maske  under  their  eyes,  reaching  down  unto  their  breast. 
These  gentlewomen  are  exceeding  fat,  &  the  lesser  their 
noses  be,  the  fairer  are  they  esteemed :  they  daube 
over  their  sweet  faces  with  grease  too  shamefully :  and 
they  never  lie   in  bed  for  their  travel  of  childbirth. 

Of  the  dueties  injoined  unto  the  Tartarian  women, 
and  of  their  labours,  and  also  of  their 
mariages.     Chap.   9. 

THe  duties  of  women  are,  to  drive  carts :  to  lay  their 
houses  upon  carts  &:  to  take  them  downe  again :  to 
milke  kine :  to  make  butter  &  Gry-ut :  to  dresse  skins  & 
to  sow  them,  which  they  usually  sowe  v/ith  thread  made 
of  sinewes,  for  they  divide  sinewes  into  slender  threads,  & 
then  twine  them  into  one  long  thread.  They  make 
sandals  &  socks  &  other  garments.  Howbeit  they  never 
wash  any  apparel :  for  they  say  that  God  is  then  angry,  & 
that  dreadful  thunder  wil  ensue,  if  washed  garments  be 
hanged  forth  to  drie :  yea,  they  beat  such  as  wash,  &  take 
their  garments  from  them.  They  are  wonderfully  afraid 
of  thunder :  for  in  the  time  of  thunder  they  thrust  all 
strangers  out  of  their  houses,  &  then  wrapping  themselves 
in  black  felt,  they  lie  hidden  therein,  til  the  thunder  be 
overpast.  They  never  wash  their  dishes  or  bowles :  yea, 
when  their  flesh  is  sodden,  they  wash  the  platter  wherein 
it  must  be  put,  with  scalding  hot  broth  out  of  the  pot,  & 
then  powre  the  said  broth  into  the  pot  againe.  They 
make  felte  also,  &  cover  their  houses  therewith.      The 

245 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

duties  of  the  men  are  to  make  bowes  &  arrowes,  stirrops, 
bridles,  and  saddles :  to  build  houses  &  carts,  to  keepe 
horses :  to  milke  mares :  to  churne  Cosmos  and  mares 
milke,  &  to  make  bags  wherein  to  put  it :  they  keepe 
camels  also  &  lay  burthens  upon  them.  As  for  sheepe  & 
goates  they  tend  and  milke  them,  aswell  the  men  as  the 
women.  With  sheeps  milke  thicked  &  salted  they  dresse 
and  tan  their  hides.  When  they  wil  wash  their  hands  or 
their  heads,  they  fil  their  mouthes  full  of  water,  & 
spouting  it  into  their  hands  by  little  and  little,  they 
sprinckle  their  haire  &  wash  their  heades  therwith.  As 
touching  mariages,  your  Highnes  is  to  understand,  that 
no  man  can  have  a  wife  among  them  till  he  hath  bought 
her :  whereupon  somtimes  their  maids  are  very  stale 
before  they  be  maried,  for  their  parents  alwaies  keepe 
them  till  they  can  sel  them.  They  keepe  the  first  and 
second  degrees  of  consanguinitie  inviolable,  as  we  do  :  but 
they  have  no  regard  of  the  degrees  of  affinity :  for  they 
wil  marrie  together,  or  by  succession,  two  sisters.  Their 
widowes  marie  not  at  al,  for  this  reason :  because  they 
beleeve,  that  al  who  have  served  them  in  this  life,  shall  do 
them  service  in  the  life  to  come  also.  Whereupon  they 
are  perswaded,  that  every  widow  after  death  shal  returne 
unto  her  own  husband.  And  herehence  ariseth  an 
abominable  &  filthy  custome  among  them,  namely  that 
the  Sonne  marieth  somtimes  all  his  fathers  wives  except 
his  own  mother :  For  the  court  or  house  of  the  father  or 
mother  falleth  by  inheritance  alwaies  to  the  yonger  son. 
Wherupon  he  is  to  provide  for  all  his  fathers  wives, 
because  they  are  part  of  his  inheritance  aswel  as  his  fathers 
possessions.  And  then  if  he  will  he  useth  them  for  his 
owne  wives :  for  he  thinks  it  no  injurie  or  disparagement 
unto  himselfe,  although  they  returne  unto  his  father  after 
death.  Therfore  when  any  man  hath  bargained  with 
another  for  a  maid,  the  father  of  the  said  damosel  makes 
him  a  feast :  in  the  meane  while  she  fleeth  unto  some  of 
her  kinsfolks  to  hide  her  selfe.  Then  saith  her  father 
unto  the  bridegrome:    Loe,  my  daughter  is  yours,  take 

246 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 

her  wheresoever  you  can  find  her.  Then  he  and  his 
friends  seek  for  her  till  they  can  find  her,  and  having 
found  her  hee  must  take  her  by  force  and  cary  her,  as  it 
were,  violently  unto  his  owne  house. 

Of  their  execution  of  justice  and  judgement : 
and  of  their  deaths  and  burials.      Chap.   10. 

Concerning  their  lawes  or  their  execution  of  justice, 
your  Majesty  is  to  be  advertised,  that  when  two  men 
fight,  no  third  man  dare  intrude  himself  to  part  them. 
Yea,  the  father  dare  not  help  his  owne  sonne.  But  he 
that  goes  by  the  worst  must  appeale  unto  the  court  of  his 
lord.  And  whosoever  els  offereth  him  any  violence  after 
appeale,  is  put  to  death.  But  he  must  go  presently 
without  all  delay :  and  he  that  hath  suffered  the  injury, 
carieth  him,  as  it  were  captive.  They  punish  no  man  with 
sentence  of  death,  unles  hee  bee  taken  in  the  deede 
doing,  or  confesseth  the  same.  But  being  accused  by  the 
multitude,  they  put  him  unto  extreame  torture  to  make 
him  confesse  the  trueth.  They  punish  murther  with 
death,  and  carnall  copulation  also  with  any  other  besides  [I.  100.] 
his  owne.  By  his  own,  I  meane  his  wife  or  his  maid 
servant,  for  he  may  use  his  slave  as  he  listeth  himself. 
Heinous  theft  also  or  felony  they  punish  with  death.  For 
a  light  theft,  as  namely  for  stealing  of  a  ram,  the  party 
(not  being  apprehended  in  the  deed  doing,  but  otherwise 
detected)  is  cruelly  beaten.  And  if  ye  executioner  laies 
on  an  100.  strokes,  he  must  have  an  100.  staves,  namely 
for  such  as  are  beaten  upon  sentence  given  in  the  court. 
Also  counterfeit  messengers,  because  they  feine  themselves 
to  be  messengers,  when  as  indeed  they  are  none  at  all, 
they  punish  with  death.  Sacrilegious  persons  they  use  in 
like  maner  (of  which  kind  of  malefactors  your  Majesty 
shall  understand  more  fully  hereafter)  because  they 
esteeme  such  to  be  witches.  When  any  man  dieth,  they 
lament  &  howle  most  pitifully  for  him :  &  the  said 
mourners  are  free  from  paying  any  tribute  for  one  whole 
yeare    after.     Also   whosoever    is    present    at    the    house 

247 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES  I 


1253- 


where  any  one  growen  to  mans  estate  lieth  dead,  he  must 
not  enter  into  the  court  of  Mangu-Can  til  one  whole  yere 
be  expired.  If  it  were  a  child  deceased  he  must  not  enter 
into  the  said  court  til  the  next  moneth  after.  Neere  unto 
the  grave  of  the  partie  deceased  they  alwaies  leave  one 
cottage.  If  any  of  their  nobles  (being  of  the  stock  of 
Chingis,  who  was  their  first  lord  &  father)  deceaseth,  his 
sepulcher  is  unknowen.  And  alwayes  about  those  places 
where  they  interre  their  nobles,  there  is  one  house  of  men 
to  keep  the  sepulchers.  I  could  not  learn  that  they  use 
to  hide  treasures  in  the  graves  of  their  dead.  The  Co- 
manians  build  a  great  toomb  over  their  dead,  &  erect  the 
image  of  the  dead  party  thereupon,  with  his  face  towards 
the  East,  holding  a  drinking  cup  in  his  hand,  before  his 
navel.  They  erect  also  upon  the  monuments  of  rich 
men,  Pyramides,  that  is  to  say,  litle  sharpe  houses  or 
pinacles :  &  in  some  places  I  saw  mighty  towers  made  of 
brick,  in  other  places  Pyramides  made  of  stones,  albeit 
there  are  no  stones  to  be  found  thereabout.  I  saw  one 
newly  buried,  in  whose  behalfe  they  hanged  up  i6.  horse 
hides,  unto  each  quarter  of  the  world  4,  betweene  certain 
high  posts :  &  they  set  besides  his  grave  Cosmos  for  him 
to  drink,  &  flesh  to  eat :  &  yet  they  sayd  that  he  was 
baptized.  I  beheld  other  kinds  of  sepulchers  also  towards 
the  East :  namely  large  flowres  or  pavements  made  of 
stone,  some  round  &  some  square,  &  then  4.  long  stones 
pitched  upright,  about  the  said  pavement  towards  the  4. 
regions  of  the  world.  When  any  man  is  sicke,  he  lieth  in 
his  bed,  &  causeth  a  signe  to  be  set  upon  his  house,  to 
signifie  that  there  lieth  a  sicke  person  there,  to  the  end 
that  no  man  may  enter  into  the  sayd  house :  whereupon 
none  at  all  visit  any  sicke  party  but  his  servant  only. 
Moreover,  when  any  one  is  sicke  in  their  great  courts, 
they  appoint  watchmen  to  stand  round  about  the  said 
court,  who  wil  not  suffer  any  person  to  enter  within  the 
precincts  thereof.  For  they  feare  least  evill  spirits  or 
winds  should  come  together  with  the  parties  that  enter  in. 
They  esteeme  of  soothsayers,  as  of  their  priests. 

248 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  a.d. 

1253- 

Of  our  first  entrance  among  the  Tartars,  and  of 
their  ingratitude.      Chap.    ii. 

ANd  being  come  amongst  those  barbarous  people,  me 
thought  (as  I  said  before)  y'  1  was  entred  into  a  new 
world :  for  they  came  flocking  about  us  on  horse  back, 
after  they  had  made  us  a  long  time  to  awaite  for  them 
sitting  in  the  shadow,  under  their  black  carts.  The  first 
question  which  they  demanded  was  whether  we  had  ever 
bin  with  them  heretofore,  or  no  ?  And  giving  them 
answere  that  we  had  not,  they  began  impudently  to  beg 
our  victuals  from  us.  And  we  gave  them  some  of  our 
bisket  &  wine,  which  we  had  brought  with  us  from  the 
towne  of  Soldaia.  And  having  drunke  off  one  flagon  of 
our  wine  they  demanded  another,  saying,  that  a  man 
goeth  not  into  the  house  with  one  foote.  Howbeit  we 
gave  them  no  more,  excusing  our  selves  that  we  had  but 
a  litle.  Then  they  asked  us,  whence  we  came,  &  whither 
we  were  bound  ?  I  answered  them  with  the  words  above 
mentioned :  that  we  had  heard  concerning  duke  Sartach, 
that  he  was  become  a  Christian,  &  that  unto  him  our 
determination  was  to  travel,  having  your  Majesties  letters 
to  deliver  unto  him.  They  were  very  inquisitive  to  know 
whether  I  came  of  mine  own  accord,  or  whether  I  were 
sent  ?  I  answered  that  no  man  compelled  me  to  come, 
neither  had  I  come,  unles  I  my  selfe  had  bin  willing :  & 
that  therefore  I  was  come  according  to  mine  own  wil,  &  to 
the  will  of  my  superior.  I  tooke  diligent  heed  never  to 
say  that  I  was  your  Majesties  ambassador.  Then  they 
asked  what  I  had  in  my  carts ;  whether  it  were  gold  or 
silver,  or  rich  garments  to  carie  unto  Sartach  ?  I  answered 
that  Sartach  should  see  what  we  had  brought,  when  we 
were  once  come  unto  him,  &  that  they  had  nothing  to  do 
to  aske  such  questions,  but  rather  ought  to  conduct  me 
unto  their  captaine,  and  that  he,  if  he  thought  good, 
should  cause  me  to  be  directed  unto  Sartach  :  if  not,  that 
I  would  returne.  For  there  was  in  the  same  province  one 
of  Baatu  his  kinsmen  called  Scacati,  unto  whom  my  lord 

249 


AD  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

the  Emperor  of  Constantinople  had  written  letters  of 
request,  to  suffer  me  to  passe  through  his  territory.  With 
this  answere  of  ours  they  were  satisfied,  giving  us  horses 
&  oxen,  &  two  men  to  conduct  us,  Howbeit  before  they 
would  allow  us  the  foresayd  necessaries  for  our  journey, 
they  made  us  to  awayt  a  long  while,  begging  our  bread  for 
their  yong  brats,  wondering  at  all  things  which  they  sawe 
about  our  servants,  as  their  knives,  gloves,  purses,  & 
points,  and  desiring  to  have  them.  I  excused  my  self  that 
[I.  loi.]  we  had  a  long  way  to  travel,  &  that  we  must  in  no  wise 
so  soon  deprive  our  selves  of  things  necessary,  to  finish  so 
long  a  journey.  Then  they  said  that  I  was  a  very  varlet. 
True  it  is,  that  they  tooke  nothing  by  force  from  me : 
howbeit  they  wil  beg  that  which  they  see  very  importu- 
natly  &  shamelesly.  And  if  a  man  bestow  ought  upon 
them,  it  is  but  cost  lost,  for  they  are  thankles  wretches. 
They  esteeme  themselves  lords  &  think  y'  nothing  should 
be  denied  them  by  any  man.  If  a  man  gives  them  nought, 
&  afterward  stands  in  neede  of  their  service,  they  will  do 
right  nought  for  him.  They  gave  us  of  their  cowes 
milke  to  drink  after  ye  butter  was  cherned  out  of  it,  being 
very  sower,  which  they  cal  Apram.  And  so  we  departed 
from  them.  And  in  very  deed  it  seemed  to  me  y^  we 
were  escaped  out  of  the  hands  of  divels.  On  the  morrow 
we  were  come  unto  the  captain.  From  the  time  wherin 
we  departed  from  Soldaia,  till  we  arrived  at  the  court  of 
Sartach,  which  was  the  space  of  two  moneths,  we  never  lay 
in  house  or  tent,  but  alwaies  under  the  starry  canopy,  &  in 
the  open  aire,  or  under  our  carts.  Neither  yet  saw  we  any 
village,  nor  any  mention  of  building  where  a  village  had 
bin,  but  the  graves  of  the  Comanians  in  great  abundance. 
The  same  evening  our  guide  which  had  conducted  us, 
gave  us  some  Cosmos.  After  I  had  drunke  thereof  I 
sweat  most  extreamly  for  the  novelty  and  strangenes, 
because  I  never  dranke  of  it  before.  Notwithstanding 
me  thought  it  was  very  savory,  as  indeed  it  was. 


250 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253- 

Of  the  court  of  Scacatai :  and  how  the  Christians 
drinke  no  Cosmos.      Chap.  12. 

ON  the  morrowe  after  we  met  with  the  cartes  of  Sca- 
catai laden  with  houses,  and  me  thought  that  a 
mighty  citie  came  to  meete  me.  I  wondered  also  at  the 
great  multitude  of  huge  droves  of  oxen,  &  horses,  and  at 
the  flockes  of  sheepe.  I  could  see  but  a  fewe  men  that 
guided  all  these  matters :  wherupon  I  inquired  how  many 
men  he  had  under  him,  &  they  told  me  that  he  had  not 
above  500.  in  all,  the  one  halfe  of  which  number  we  were 
come  past,  as  they  lay  in  another  lodging.  Then  the  ser- 
vant which  was  our  guide  told  me,  that  I  must  present 
somwhat  unto  Scacatay :  &  so  he  caused  us  to  stay,  going 
himselfe  before  to  give  notice  of  our  comming.  By  this 
time  it  was  past  three  of  the  clocke,  and  they  unladed 
their  houses  nere  unto  a  certain  water :  And  there  came 
unto  us  his  interpreter,  who  being  advertised  by  us  that 
wee  were  never  there  before,  demanded  some  of  our  vic- 
tuals, &  we  yeelded  unto  his  request.  Also  he  required 
of  us  some  garment  for  a  reward,  because  he  was  to  inter- 
pret our  sayings  unto  his  master.  Howbeit  we  excused 
our  selves  as  well  as  wee  could.  Then  he  asked  us,  what 
we  would  present  unto  his  Lord  ?  And  we  tooke  a  flagon 
of  wine,  &  filled  a  maund  with  bisket,  &  a  platter  with 
apples  &  other  fruits.  But  he  was  not  contented  therewith, 
because  we  brought  him  not  some  rich  garment.  Notwith- 
standing we  entred  so  into  his  presence  with  feare  and 
bashfulnes.  He  sate  upon  his  bed  holding  a  citron  in  his 
hand,  and  his  wife  sate  by  him  :  who  (as  I  verily  thinke) 
had  cut  and  pared  her  nose  betweene  the  eyes,  that  she 
might  seeme  to  be  more  flat  and  saddle-nosed :  for  she 
had  left  her  selfe  no  nose  at  all  in  that  place,  having 
annointed  the  very  same  place  with  a  black  ointment,  and 
her  eye  browes  also  :  which  sight  seemed  most  ugly  in  our 
eies.  Then  I  rehearsed  unto  him  the  same  wordes,  which 
I  had  spoken  in  other  places  before.  For  it  stoode  us  in 
hand  to  use  one  and  the  same  speech  in  all  places.     For 

251 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

A  caveat  right  we  were  wel  forewarned  of  this  circumstance  by  some 
worthy  the  which  had  been  amongst  the  Tartars,  that  we  should  never 
^°^^i'  varie  in  our  tale.     Then  I  besought  him,  that  he  would 

vouchsafe  to  accept  that  small  gifte  at  our  hands,  excusing 
my  selfe  that  I  was  a  Monke,  and  that  it  was  against  our 
profession  to  possesse  gold,  or  silver,  or  precious  garments, 
and  therefore  that  I  had  not  any  such  thing  to  give  him, 
howbeit  he  should  receive  some  part  of  our  victuals  in 
stead  of  a  blessing.  Hereupon  he  caused  our  present  to  be 
received,  and  immediately  distributed  the  same  among  his 
men,  who  were  mette  together  for  the  same  purpose,  to 
drinke  and  make  merrie.  I  delivered  also  unto  him  the 
Emperor  of  Constantinople  his  letters  (this  was  eight 
dayes  after  the  feast  of  Ascension)  who  sent  them  forthwith 
to  Soldaia  to  have  them  interpreted  there :  for  they  were 
written  in  Greeke,  and  he  had  none  about  him  that  was 
skilfull  in  the  Greeke  tongue.  He  asked  us  also  whether 
we  would  drink  any  Cosmos,  that  is  to  say  mares  milke } 
(For  those  that  are  Christians  among  them,  as  namely  the 
Russians,  Grecians,  and  Alanians,  who  keep  their  own  law 
very  strictly,  wil  in  no  case  drinke  thereof,  yea,  they  ac- 
compt  themselves  no  Christians  after  they  have  once  drunke 
of  it,  &  their  priests  reconcile  them  unto  the  Church  as 
if  they  had  renounced  the  Christian  faith.)  I  gave  him 
answere,  that  we  had  as  yet  sufficient  of  our  owne  to 
drinke,  and  that  when  our  drinke  failed  us,  we  must  be 
constrained  to  drink  such  as  should  be  given  unto  us.  He 
enquired  also  what  was  contained  in  our  letters,  which 
your  Majestie  sent  unto  Sartach }  I  answered  :  that  they 
were  sealed  up,  and  that  there  was  nothing  conteined  in 
them,  but  good  and  friendly  wordes.  And  he  asked  what 
wordes  wee  would  deliver  unto  Sartach  ?  I  answered  :  the 
words  of  Christian  faith.  He  asked  again  what  these 
words  were }  For  he  was  very  desirous  to  heare  them. 
[I.  1 02.]  Then  1  expounded  unto  him  as  well  as  I  could,  by  mine 
interpreter,  (who  had  no  wit  nor  any  utterance  of  speech) 
the  Apostles  creed.  Which  after  he  had  heard,  holding 
his  peace,  he  shooke  his  head.    Then  hee  assigned  unto  us 

252 


WILLIAM    DE   RUBRUQUIS                       ad.  \ 

1253-  j 

two  men,  who  shoulde  give  attendance  upon  our  selves,  s 

upon  our  horses,  and  upon  our  Oxen.     And   hee  caused  i 

us  to  ride  in  his  companie,  till  the  messenger  whome  hee  \ 

had  sent  for  the  interpretation  of  the  Emperours  letters,  5 

was  returned.     And  so  wee  traveiled  in  his  companie  till  ^ 
the  morowe  after  Pentecost. 

Howx  the  Alanians  came  unto  us  on  Pentecost 

or  Whitson  even.      Chap.   13.  ^ 

UPon  the  even  of  Pentecost,  there  came  unto  us  cer-  : 

taine  Alanians,  who   are   there  called   *Acias,  being  *0r,  Jkas.  1 
Christians  after  the  maner  of  the  Grecians,  using  greeke 

bookes  and  Grecian  priests  :    howbeit  they  are  not  schis-  ' 

matiques  as  the   Grecians  are,  but  without  acception   of  ; 

persons,  they  honour  al   Christians.     And   they  brought  ■ 

unto  us  sodden  flesh,  requesting  us  to  eat  of  their  meat,  1 

and  to  pray  for  one  of  their  company  being  dead.     Then  i 

I  sayd,  because  it  was  the  even  of  so  great  and  so  solemne  ■ 

a  feast  day,  that  we  would  not  eate  any  flesh  for  that  time.  J 

And  I  expounded  unto  them  the  solemnitie  of  the  sayd  \ 

feast,  whereat  they  greatly  rejoyced  :  for  they  were  ignorant  ■ 
of  all  things  appertayning  to  Christian  religion,  except  only 
the  name  of  Christ.  They  and  many  other  Christians, 
both  Russians,  and  Hungarians  demanded  of  us,  whether 
they  might  be  saved  or  no,  because  they  were  constrained 
to  drinke  Cosmos,  &  to  eate  the  dead  carkases  of  such 
things,  as  were  slaine  by  the  Saracens,  and  other  infidels  ? 
Which  even  the  Greeke  &  Russian  priests  themselves 
also  esteeme  as  things  strangled  or  offered  unto  idoles : 

because  they  were  ignorant  of  the  times  of  fasting,  neither  \ 

could  they  have  observed  them  albeit  they  had  knowen  J 

them.       Then  instructed   I    them  aswell  as  I  could  and  ■ 

strengthened   them   in  the  faith.      As  for  the  flesh  which  j 

they  had  brought  we  reserved  it  untill  the  feast  day.    For  C/of/i  is  the  | 

there  was  nothing  to  be  sold  among  the  Tartars  for  gold  ^^^'c^  march-  : 

&  silver,  but  only  for  cloth  and  garments,  of  the  which  "l^fj^^^^  1 

kind  of  marchandise  wee  had  none  at  all.      When  our              '  \ 

servants   offered    them    any   coine   called   Yperpera,  they  j 

253  \ 

j 
1 


u 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

^253- 

rubbed  it  with  their  fingers,  and  put  it  unto  their  noses, 
to  try  by  the  smell  whether  it  were  copper  or  no.  Neither 
did  they  allow  us  any  foode  but  cowes  milke  onely  which 
was  very  sowre  &  filthy.  There  was  one  thing  most 
necessary  greatly  wanting  unto  us.  For  the  water  was  so 
foule  and  muddy  by  reason  of  their  horses,  that  it  was  not 
meete  to  be  drunk.  And  but  for  certaine  bisket,  which 
was  by  the  goodnes  of  God  remaining  unto  us,  we  had 
undoubtedly  perished. 

Of  a  Saracen  which  said  that  he  would  be  bap- 
tized :  and  of  certaine  men  which  seemed 
to  be  lepers.      Chap.    14. 

Ton  the  day  of  Pentecost  there  came  unto  us  a 
certain  Saracen,  unto  whome,  as  hee  talked  with 
us,  we  expounded  the  Christian  faith.  Who  (hearing 
of  Gods  benefits  exhibited  unto  mankind  by  the  in- 
carnation of  our  Saviour  Christ,  and  the  resurrection 
of  the  dead,  &  the  judgement  to  come,  &  that  in 
baptisme  was  a  washing  away  of  sinnes)  sayd,  that  hee 
would  be  baptized.  But  when  we  prepared  our  selves 
to  the  baptizing  of  him,  he  suddenly  mounted  on 
horsebacke,  saying  that  he  would  goe  home  and  consult 
with  his  wife  what  were  best  to  be  done.  And  on  the 
morrow  after  he  told  us,  that  he  durst  in  no  case  receive 
baptisme,  because  then  he  should  drinke  no  more  Cos- 
mos. For  the  Christians  of  that  place  affirme  that  no 
true  Christians  ought  to  drinke  thereof:  and  that  with- 
out the  said  liquor  he  could  not  live  in  that  desert. 
From  which  opinion,  I  could  not  for  my  life  remove 
him.  Wherefore  be  it  knowen  of  a  certainty  unto 
your  highnes,  that  they  are  much  estranged  from  the 
Christian  faith  by  reason  of  that  opinion  which  hath 
bin  broached  &  confirmed  among  them  by  the  Russians, 
of  whom  there  is  a  great  multitude  in  that  place.  The 
same  day  Scacatay  the  captaine  aforesayd  gave  us  one 
man  to  conduct  us  to  Sartach,  and  two  other  to  guide 
us  unto  the  next  lodging,  which  was  distant  from  that 

254 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 
place  five  dayes  journey  for  oxen  to  travell.  They 
gave  unto  us  also  a  goate  for  victuals,  and  a  great 
many  bladders  of  cowes  milke,  &  but  a  little  Cosmos, 
because  it  is  of  so  great  estimation  among  them.  And 
so  taking  our  journey  directly  toward  the  North,  me 
thought  that  wee  had  passed  through  one  of  hell  gates. 
The  servants  which  conducted  us  began  to  play  the 
bold  theeves  with  us,  seeing  us  take  so  little  heed  unto 
our  selves.  At  length  having  lost  much  by  their 
theevery,  harme  taught  us  wisdome.  And  then  we 
came  unto  the  extremity  of  that  province,  which  is 
fortified  with  a  ditch  from  one  sea  unto  another : 
without  the  bounds  wherof  their  lodging  was  situate. 
Into  the  which,  so  soone  as  we  had  entred,  al  the 
inhabitants  there  seemed  unto  us  to  be  infected  with 
leprosie:  for  certain  base  fellowes  were  placed  there  to 
receive  tribute  of  al  such  as  tooke  salt  out  of  the  salt  Salt  pits. 
pits  aforesaid.  From  that  place  they  told  us  that  we  [I.  103.] 
must  travel  fifteen  daies  journey,  before  we  shuld  find 
any  other  people.  With  them  wee  dranke  Cosmos,  and 
gave  unto  them  a  basket  full  of  fruites  and  of  bisket. 
And  they  gave  unto  us  eight  oxen  and  one  goate,  to 
sustaine  us  in  so  great  a  journey,  and  I  knowe  not  how 
many  bladders  of  milke.  And  so  changing  our  oxen,  "^^^  ^a^^s 
we  tooke  our  journey  which  we  finished  in  tenne  J'^^^'^^y- 
dayes,  arriving  at  another  lodging:  neither  found  we 
any  water  all  that  way,  but  onely  in  certaine  ditches  made 
in  the  valleys,  except  two  small  rivers.  And  from  the 
time  wherein  wee  departed  out  of  the  foresaid  province 
of  Gasaria,  we  travailed  directly  Eastward,  having  a 
Sea  on  the  South  side  of  us,  and  a  waste  desert  on 
the  North,  which  desert,  in  some  places,  reacheth 
twenty  dayes  journey  in  breadth,  and  there  is  neither 
tree,  mountaine,  nor  stone  therein.  And  it  is  most 
excellent  pasture.  Here  the  Comanians,  which  were 
called  Capthac,  were  wont  to  feede  their  cattell.  How- 
beit  by  the  Dutch  men  they  are  called  Valani,  and  the 
province   it   selfe  Valania.      But    Isidore   calleth  all  that 

255 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253. 
The  length  of  tract  of  land  stretching  from  the  river  of  Tanais  to  the 
Comania.         }^]^g  of  Maeotis,  and  so  along  as  farre  as  Danubius,  the 
countrey  of  Alania.     And   the  same  land  continueth  in 
length    from    Danubius    unto    Tanais    (which    divideth 
Asia    from     Europe)    for    the    space    of    two    moneths 
journey,  albeit  a  man  should   ride   poste   as   fast  as  the 
Tartars  use  to  ride  :    and   it  was   all   over  inhabited  by 
the  Comanians,  called  Capthac :  yea  and  beyond  Tanais, 
as  farre  as    the   river  of   Edil  or  Volga :    the   space   be- 
tweene    the    two    which    rivers    is    a    great    and    long 
Russia.  journey  to  bee  travailed  in  ten  dayes.      To   the   North 

of  the  same  province  lieth  Russia,  which  is  full  of 
wood  in  all  places,  and  stretcheth  from  Polonia  and 
Hungaria,  even  to  the  river  of  Tanais :  and  it  hath 
bene  wasted  all  over  by  the  Tartars,  and  as  yet  is 
daily  wasted  by  them. 

Of   our    afflictions    v^hich    we    sustained :     and   of 
the  Comanians  maner  of  buriall.      Chap.    15. 

Prussia.  ^  I  ^Hey    preferre     the     Saracens    before    the    Russians, 

A  because  they  are  Christians,  and  when  they  are 
able  to  give  them  no  more  golde  nor  silver,  they  drive 
them  and  their  children  like  flockes  of  sheepe  into  the 
wildernes,  constraining  them  to  keepe  their  cattell  there. 
Beyond  Russia  lieth  the  countrey  of  Prussia,  which  the 
Dutch  knights  of  the  order  of  Saint  Maries  hospitall  of 
Jerusalem  have  of  late  wholly  conquered  and  subdued. 
And  in  very  deede  they  might  easily  winne  Russia,  if 
they  would  put  to  their  helping  hand.  For  if  the 
Tartars  should  but  once  know,  that  the  great  Priest, 
that  is  to  say,  the  Pope  did  cause  the  ensigne  of  the 
crosse  to  bee  displaied  against  them,  they  would  flee 
all  into  their  desert  and  soHtarie  places.  We  therefore 
went  on  towards  the  East,  seeing  nothing  but  heaven 
and  earth,  and  sometimes  the  sea  on  our  right  hand, 
called  the  Sea  of  Tanais,  and  the  sepulchres  of  the 
Comanians,  which  appeared  unto  us  two  leagues  off, 
in  which   places   they  were   wont   to   burie   their   kinred 

256 


WILLIAM   DE   KUBRUQUIS  ad,  j 

1253.  j 

altogether.     So  long  as  we  were  travelling  through  the  I 
desert,  it  went  reasonably  well  with   us.     For  I  cannot 
sufficiently  expresse  in  words  the  irkesome  and   tedious 

troubles  which  I   susteined,  when  I  came  at  any  of  their  ; 
places  of  abode.     For  our  guide  would  have  us  goe  in 

unto   every  Captaine  with  a   present,   and   our  expenses  j 

would  not  extend  so  farre.     For  we  were  every  day  eight  j 

persons  of  us  spending  our  waifaring  provision,  for  the  j 

Tartars  servants  would  all  of  them  eate  of  our  victuals.  j 

We  our  selves  were  five  in  number,  and  the  servants  our  I 

guides  were  three,  two   to  drive  our  carts,   and  one  to  j 

conduct  us  unto  Sartach.     The  flesh  which  they  gave  us  ; 

was   not  sufficient    for   us :    neither  could  we    finde  any  ! 

thing  to   be   bought  for  our   money.      And   as   we   sate  Extreme  heau  \ 
under  our  carts  in  the  coole  shadowe,  by  reason  of  the  ^^  ^ommer. 

extreame  and  vehement   heate  which  was   there  at   that  ! 

time,  they  did  so  importunately  and  shamelesly  intrude  : 

themselves    into    our   companie,   that    they  would    even  j 
tread  upon  us,  to  see  whatsoever  things  we  had.     Having 
list  at  any  time  to  ease  themselves,  the  filthy  lozels  had 

not  the  maners  to  withdrawe  themselves  farther  from  us,  j 

then  a  beane  can  bee  cast.     Yea,  like  vile  slovens  they  j 

would  lay  their  tailes  in  our  presence,  while  they  were  ■ 

yet  talking  with  us :  many  other  things  they  committed,  i 

which  were  most  tedious  and  loathsome  unto  us.     But  ' 

above   all  things   it  grieved  me  to   the  very  heart,  that  j 

when  I  would  utter  ought  unto  them,  which  might  tend  i 

to    their   edification,  my   foolish   interpreter   would   say:  | 

you  shall  not  make  me  become  a  Preacher  now :  I  tell  I 
you,  I  cannot  nor  I  will  not  rehearse  any  such  wordes. 

And  true  it  was  which  he  saide.  For  I  perceived  after-  ; 

ward,  when   I   began   to   have   a   litle   smattering  in  the  • 
language,    that  when   I   spake   one   thing,  he  would   say 
quite   another,   whatsoever   came   next   unto   his   witlesse 
tongues  end.     Then  seeing  the  danger  I  might  incurre 

in   speaking    by   such    an    interpreter,    I    resolved    much  i 
rather   to   holde   my  peace,  and   thus  we   traveiled  with 

great   toile  from  lodging  to  lodging,   till  at  the  length,  { 

I  257  R  I 


A.D. 
1253. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


Tanais. 


[I.    104.] 


The  breadth 
of  Tanais. 


He  is  much 
deceived. 


a  fewe  dayes  before  the  feast  of  Saint  Marie  Magdalene, 
we  arrived  at  the  banke  of  the  mightie  river  Tanais  which 
divideth  Asia  from  Europa,  even  as  the  river  Nilus  of 
j^gypt  disjoyneth  Asia  from  Africa.  At  the  same  place 
where  wee  arrived,  Baatu  and  Sartach  did  cause  a 
certaine  cottage  to  be  built,  upon  the  Easterne  banke  of 
the  river,  for  a  companie  of  Russians  to  dwell  in  to  the 
ende  they  might  transport  Ambassadours  and  merchants 
in  ferrie-boates  over  that  part  of  the  river.  First  they 
ferried  us  over,  and  then  our  carts,  putting  one  wheele 
into  one  lyter,  and  the  other  wheele  into  another  lyter, 
having  bounde  both  the  lyters  together,  and  so  they 
rowed  them  over.  In  this  place  our  guide  played  the 
foole  most  extreamely.  For  hee  imagining  that  the 
said  Russians,  dwelling  in  the  cottage,  should  have 
provided  us  horses,  sent  home  the  beasts  which  we 
brought  with  us,  in  another  cart,  y'  they  might  returne 
unto  their  owne  masters.  And  when  we  demanded  to 
have  some  beasts  of  them,  they  answered,  that  they 
had  a  priviledge  from  Baatu,  wherby  they  were  bound 
to  none  other  service,  but  only  to  ferry  over  goers 
&  commers :  and  that  they  received  great  tribute  of 
marchants  in  regard  therof.  We  staied  therfore  by 
the  said  rivers  side  three  daies.  The  first  day  they  gave 
unto  us  a  great  fresh  turbut :  the  second  day  they  be- 
stowed rye  bread,  and  a  litle  flesh  upon  us,  which  the 
purveyer  of  the  village  had  taken  up  at  everie  house  for 
us :  and  the  third  day  dried  fishes,  which  they  have  there 
in  great  abundance.  The  saide  river  was  even  as  broad 
in  that  place,  as  the  river  of  Sein  is  at  Paris.  And  before 
we  came  there,  we  passed  over  many  goodly  waters,  and 
full  of  fish  :  howbeit  the  barbarous  and  rude  Tartars 
know  not  how  to  take  them  :  neither  do  they  make  any 
reckoning  of  any  fish,  except  it  be  so  great,  that  they  may 
pray  upon  the  flesh  therof,  as  upon  the  flesh  of  a  ram. 
This  river  is  the  limite  of  the  East  part  of  Russia,  and  it 
springeth  out  of  the  fennes  of  Masotis,  which  fennes 
stretch  unto  the  North  Ocean.     And  it  runneth  South- 

258 


WILLIAM    DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 

ward  into  a  certain  great  sea  700.  miles  about,  before 
it  falleth  into  the  sea  called  Pontus  Euxinus.  And  al 
the  rivers,  which  we  passed  over,  ran  with  ful  stream 
into  those  quarters.  The  foresaid  river  hath  great  store 
of  wood  also  growing  upon  the  West  side  thereof. 
Beyond  this  place  the  Tartars  ascend  no  farther  unto 
the  North  :  for  at  that  season  of  the  yeere,  about  the  About  the 
iirst  of  August,  they  begin  to  returne  backe  unto  the  beginning  of 
South.  And  therfore  there  is  another  cottage  somwhat  y-^f^^^^  ^^_ 
lower,  where  passengers  are  ferried  over  in  Winter  tume  South- 
time.  And  in  this  place  wee  were  driven  to  great  zcard. 
extremitie,  by  reason  that  we  could  get  neither  horses, 
nor  oxen  for  any  money.  At  length,  after  I  had 
declared  unto  them,  that  my  comming  was  to  labour 
for  the  common  good  of  all  Christians,  they  sent  us 
oxen  &  men  ;  howbeit  we  our  selves  were  faine  to 
travel  on  foote.  At  this  time  they  were  reaping  their 
rye.  Wheat  prospereth  not  wel  in  that  soile.  They 
have  the  seed  of  Millium  in  great  abundance.  The 
Russian  women  attire  their  heads  like  unto  our  women. 
They  imbroder  their  safegards  or  gowns  on  the  outside, 
from  their  feet  unto  their  knees  with  particoloured  or 
grey  stuffe.  The  Russian  men  weare  caps  like  unto 
the  Dutch  men.  Also  they  weare  upon  their  heads 
certain  sharpe,  &  high-crowned  hats  made  of  felt,  much 
like  unto  a  sugar  loafe.  Then  traveiled  we  3.  daies 
together,  not  finding  any  people.  And  when  our  selves 
and  our  oxen  were  exceeding  weary  and  faint,  not 
knowing  how  far  off  we  should  find  any  Tartars,  on 
the  sudden,  there  came  two  horses  running  towards  us, 
which  we  tooke  with  great  joy,  and  our  guide  and  in- 
terpreter mounted  upon  their  backes,  to  see,  how  far 
off  they  could  descry  any  people.  At  length  upon  the 
fourth  day  of  our  journey,  having  found  some  inhabitants, 
we  rejoyced  like  sea-faring  men,  which  had  escaped  out  of 
a  dangerous  tempest,  and  had  newly  recovered  the  haven. 
Then  having  taken  fresh  horses,  and  oxen,  we  passed 
on   from   lodging  to  lodging,  till  at  the  last,  upon   the 

259 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253. 

second    of  the    Kalends    of  August,   we    arrived  at   the 
habitation  of  Duke  Sartach  himselfe. 


T 


Of  the  dominion  of  Sartach,  and  of  his  Subjects. 

Chap.    16. 

He  region  lying   beyond    Tanais,   is   a  very  goodly 

countrey,  having  store  of  rivers  and  woods  toward 

the  North  part  thereof.     There  be  mighty  huge  woods 

The  people  of  which  two  sorts   of  people   do   inhabite.     One   of  them 

pTans^^^       is  called  Moxel,  being  meere  Pagans,  and   without  law. 

They  have  neither  townes   nor  cities,  but  only  cottages 

in  ye  woods.     Their  lord  &  a  great  part  of  themselves 

were  put  to  the  sword  in  high  Germanie.     Whereupon 

they     highly     commend     the     brave     courage     of    the 

Almans,    hoping    as    yet    to    be    delivered    out    of   the 

bondage     of    the    Tartars,     by    their    meanes.     If    any 

merchant    come    unto    them,    he    must    provide    things 

necessary   for   him,  with  whom  he  is   first  of  all   enter- 

teined,  all  the  time  of  his  abode  among  them.     If  any 

lieth  with  another  mans  wife,  her  husband,  unles  he  be  an 

eiewitnes    therof,    regardeth    it    not  :    for    they    are    not 

jelous  over  their  wives.     They  have  abundance  of  hogs, 

and    great    store  of  hony  &    waxe,  and   divers  sorts  of 

The  people       rich  &  costly  skins,  and  plentie  of  falcons.     Next  unto 

behtfaZ^-'''  ^^^^  ^^^  °^^^^  people  called  Merclas,  which  the  Latines 

cgjii.  cal  Merdui,  and  they  are  Saracens.     Beyond  them  is  the 

river    of  Etilia    or  Volga,   which   is    ye    mightiest    river 

that  ever  I  saw.     And  it  issueth  from  the  North  part  of 

Bulgaria    the    greater,  &  so    trending  along   Southward, 

disimboqueth    into   a  certain    lake    containing    in   circuit 

the    space    of  4.    moneths    travel,   whereof  I  will    speak 

The  circuite     hereafter.     The    two    foresaid    rivers,    namely  Tanais   & 

of  the  Caspian  ^^^y^^^    otherwise    called    Volga,    towards    the    Northren 

regions  through  the  which  we  traveiled,  are  not  distant 

[I.  105.]        asunder    above    x.    daies   journey,  but    Southward    they 

are    divided    a    great    space    one    from    another.     For 

Tanais    descendeth     into     the    sea    of    Pontus  :     Etilia 

maketh  the  foresaid  sea  or  lake,  with  the  help  of  many 

260 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  a.d. 

1253. 

other  rivers   which  fal  therinto  out  of  Persia.     And  we 

had  to  the  South  of  us  huge  high  mountains,  upon  the 

sides  wherof,   towards   the    said    desert,   doe    the   people 

called   Cergis,  and   the  Alani   or   Acas   inhabit,  who   are  Kergis  or 

as    yet    Christians,    &    wage    warre    against   the    Tartars.  ^'^■^• 

Beyond    them,    next    unto    the    sea    or    lake    of   Etilia, 

there    are    certaine    Saracens    called    Lesgi,    who    are    in  The  Saracens 

subjection    unto    the    Tartars.     Beyond    these    is    Porta  ^^  ^     ^■*^' 

ferrea,  or    the    yron    gate,   nowe    called    Derbent,  which 

Alexander    built   to   exclude   the   barbarous    nations   out 

of    Persia.       Concerning    the     situation     whereof,     your 

majestie   shall    understand    more   about   the    end   of  this 

Treatise  :    for    I    travailed   in   my   returne    by    the    very  ^^ ^^^«^«^^>^ 

same   place.     Betweene    the    two    foresaid   rivers,    in    the    ^ 

regions  through  the  which  we  passed  did  the  Comanians 

of  olde  time  inhabite,  before  they  were  overrun  by  the 

Tartars. 

Of  the  Court  of  Sartach,  and  of  the  magnificence 
thereof.      Chap.  17. 

ANd  we  found  Sartach  lying  within  three  daies  journey 
of  the  river  Etilia  :  whose  Court  seemed  unto  us  to 
be  very  great.  For  he  himselfe  had  sixe  wives,  and  his 
eldest  Sonne  also  had  three  wives  :  every  one  of  which 
women  hath  a  great  house,  &  they  have  ech  one  of  them 
about  200.  cartes.  Our  guide  went  unto  a  certaine 
Nestorian  named  Coiat,  who  is  a  man  of  great  authoritie  Coiat  the 
in  Sartachs  Court.  He  made  us  to  goe  very  farre  unto  ^^^^°^'^^^' 
the  Lordes  gate.  For  so  they  call  him,  who  hath  the 
office  of  enterteining  Ambassadours.  In  the  evening 
Coiac  commanded  us  to  come  unto  him.  Then  our 
guide  began  to  enquire  what  we  would  present  him 
withal,  &  was  exceedingly  offended,  when  he  saw  that 
we  had  nothing  ready  to  present.  We  stoode  before 
him,  and  he  sate  majestically,  having  musicke  and 
dauncing  in  his  presence.  Then  I  spake  unto  him  in 
the  wordes  before  recited,  telling  him,  for  what  purpose 
I    was    come    unto    his    lorde,    and   requesting   so   much 

261 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253. 

favour  at  his  hands,  as  to  bring  our  letters  unto  the 
sight  of  his  Lord.  I  excused  my  selfe  also,  that  I  was 
a  Monke,  not  having,  nor  receiving,  nor  using  any 
golde,  or  silver,  or  any  other  precious  thing,  save 
onely  our  bookes,  and  the  vestiments  wherein  wee 
served  God  :  and  that  this  was  the  cause  why  I 
brought  no  present  unto  him,  nor  unto  his  Lord.  For 
I  that  had  abandoned  mine  owne  goods,  could  not  be 
a  transporter  of  things  for  other  men.  Then  hee 
answered  very  courteously,  that  being  a  Monke,  and  so 
doing,  I  did  well  :  for  so  I  should  observe  my  vowe  : 
neither  did  himselfe  stand  in  neede  of  ought  that  we 
had,  but  rather  was  readie  to  bestow  upon  us  such  things 
as  we  our  selves  stood  in  neede  of:  and  he  caused 
us  to  sit  downe,  and  to  drinke  of  his  milke.  And 
presently  after  he  requested  us  to  say  our  devotions 
for  him :  and  we  did  so.  He  enquired  also  who  was 
the  greatest  Prince  among  the  Franckes  ?  And  I  saide, 
the  Emperour,  if  he  could  injoy  his  owne  dominions 
in  quiet.  No  (quoth  he)  but  the  king  of  France.  For 
he  had  heard  of  your  Highnes  by  lord  Baldwine  of 
Henault.  I  found  there  also  one  of  the  Knights  of  the 
Temple,  who  had  bene  in  Cyprus,  and  had  made  report 
of  all  things  which  he  sawe  there.  Then  returned  wee 
unto  our  lodging.  And  on  the  morow  we  sent  him  a 
flagon  of  Muscadel  wine  (which  had  lasted  very  wel 
in  so  long  a  journey)  and  a  boxe  full  of  bisket,  which 
was  most  acceptable  unto  him.  And  he  kept  our 
servants  with  him  for  that  evening.  The  next  morning 
he  commanded  me  to  come  unto  the  Court,  and  to 
bring  the  kings  letters  and  my  vestimentes,  and  bookes 
with  me  :  because  his  Lorde  was  desirous  to  see  them. 
Which  we  did  accordingly,  lading  one  cart  with  our 
bookes  and  vestiments,  and  another  with  bisket,  wine, 
and  fruites.  Then  he  caused  all  our  bookes  and  vesti- 
ments to  bee  laide  forth.  And  there  stoode  round 
about  us  many  Tartars,  Christians  and  Saracens  on 
horseback.     At  the  sight  whereof,  he  demanded  whether 

262 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253- 
I  would  bestow  all  those  things  upon  his  Lord  or  no  ? 
Which  saying  made  me  to  tremble,  and  grieved  me  full 
sore.     Howbeit,    dissembling   our    griefe   as  well   as   we 
could,   we   shaped   him   this   answere  :    Sir,    our    humble 
request   is,   that    our  Lorde   your   master   would   vouch- 
safe   to    accept  our    bread,    wine,    and    fruits,    not    as    a 
present,  because  it  is   too   meane,  but  as  a   benediction, 
least  we  should  come  with  an  emptie  hand  before  him. 
And  he  shall  see  the  letters  of  my  sovereigne  Lord  the 
king,   and  by  them   he  shall  understand  for  what  cause 
we  are  come  unto  him,  and  then    both  our  selves,  and 
all    that  we   have,   shall    stand    to   his   curtesie  :    for  our 
vestiments    be    holy,  and    it    is    unlawfull    for    any    but 
Priests   to   touch    them.     Then   he    commaunded    us   to 
invest  our  selves  in  the  saide  garments,  that  we  might 
goe    before   his   Lord  :    and    wee    did    so.     Then    I   my 
selfe  putting  on  our  most  precious  ornaments,  tooke  in 
mine    armes  a  very  faire   cushion,   and   the   Bible   which 
your   Majesty  gave   me,  and   a   most    beautifull   Psalter, 
which   the   Queenes   Grace   bestowed   upon   me,  wherein 
there    were    goodly    pictures.     Mine    associate    tooke    a 
missal  and  a  crosse  :  and  the  clearke  having  put  on  his 
surplesse,   tooke    a    censer    in    his    hand.     And    so   wee 
came    unto   the   presence   of  his  Lord  :    and   they  lifted 
up    the   felt   hanging  before   his   doore,   that   hee   might 
behold     us.     Then    they    caused    the    clearke    and    the      [l.  io6.] 
interpreter   thrise    to    bow    the    knee :    but    of   us    they 
required    no    such    submission.       And    they    diligently 
admonished  us  to  take   heed,  that   in   going   in,  and   in 
comming  out,  we  touched  not  the  threshold  of  the  house, 
and  requested  us  to  sing  a  benediction  for  him.    Then  we 
entred  in,  singing  Salve  Regina.     And  within  the  entrance 
of  the   doore,  stood  a  bench  with  cosmos,  and  drinking 
cups  thereupon.     And  all  his  wives  were  there  assembled. 
Also    the    Moals    or    rich  Tartars    thrusting  in  with    us 
pressed   us  sore.     Then   Coiat  caried  unto   his  lord  the 
censer  with    incense,  which    he    beheld    very    diligently, 
holding  it  in  his  hand.     Afterward  hee  caried  the  Psalter 

263 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

^253- 

unto  him,  which  he  looked  earnestly  upon,  and  his  wife 
also  that  sate  beside  him.  After  that  he  caried  the  Bible : 
then  Sartach  asked  if  the  Gospel  were  contained  therein  ? 
Yea  (said  I)  and  all  the  holy  scriptures  besides.  He  tooke 
the  crosse  also  in  his  hand,  and  demanded  concerning  the 
image,  whether  it  were  the  image  of  Christ  or  no  ^  I  said 
it  was.  The  Nestorians  &  the  Armenians  do  never  make 
No  good  the  figure  of  Christ  upon  their  crosses.     Wherfore  either 

consequence.  ^^y  seem  not  to  think  wel  of  his  passion,  or  els  they  are 
ashamed  of  it.  Then  he  caused  them  that  stood  about  us, 
to  stand  aside,  that  he  might  more  fully  behold  our 
ornaments.  Afterward  I  delivered  unto  him  your 
Majesties  letters,  with  the  translation  therof  into  the 
Arabike,  &  Syriake  languages.  For  I  caused  them  to  be 
translated  at  Aeon  into  the  character,  &  dialect  of  both 
the  saide  tongues.  And  there  were  certain  Armenian 
priests,  which  had  skil  in  the  Turkish  &  Arabian 
languages.  The  aforesaid  knight  also  of  the  order  of  the 
Temple  had  knowledge  in  the  Syriake,  Turkish,  & 
Arabian  tongues.  Then  we  departed  forth,  and  put  off 
our  vestiments,  and  there  came  unto  us  certaine  Scribes 
together  with  the  foresaid  Coiat,  &  caused  our  letters  to 
be  interpreted.  Which  letters  being  heard,  he  caused  our 
bread,  wine  and  fruits  to  be  received.  And  he  permitted 
us  also  to  carie  our  vestiments  and  bookes  unto  our  owne 
lodging.  This  was  done  upon  the  feast  of  S.  Peter  ad 
vincula. 

Hovs^  they  were  given  in  charge  to  goe  unto 
Baatu  the  Father  of  Sartach.      Chap.    i8. 

THe  next  morning  betimes  came  unto  us  a  certaine 
Priest,  who  was  brother  unto  Coiat,  requesting  to 
have  our  boxe  of  Chrisme,  because  Sartach  (as  he  said) 
was  desirous  to  see  it :  and  so  we  gave  it  him.  About 
eventide  Coiat  sent  for  us,  saying :  My  lord  your  king 
wrote  good  words  unto  my  lord  and  master  Sartach. 
Howbeit  there  are  certaine  matters  of  difficulty  in  them 
concerning  which  he  dare  not  determine  ought,  without 

264 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  a.d. 

1253- 

the  advise  and  counsell  of  his  father.  And  therfore  of 
necessitie  you  must  depart  unto  his  father,  leaving  behind 
you  the  two  carts,  which  you  brought  hither  yesterday 
with  vestiments  and  bookes,  in  my  custodie :  because  my 
lorde  is  desirous  to  take  more  diligent  view  thereof.  I 
presently  suspecting  what  mischiefe  might  ensue  by  his 
covetousnes,  said  unto  him :  Sir,  we  will  not  onely  leave 
those  with  you,  but  the  two  other  carts  also,  which  we 
have  in  our  possession,  will  we  commit  unto  your 
custodie.  You  shall  not  (quoth  he)  leave  those  behinde 
you,  but  for  the  other  two  carts  first  named,  we  will 
satisfie  your  request.  I  saide  that  this  could  not  con- 
veniently be  done :  but  needes  we  must  leave  all  with 
him.  Then  he  asked,  whether  we  meant  to  tarie  in  the 
land  ?  I  answered :  If  you  throughly  understand  the 
letters  of  my  lorde  the  king,  you  know  that  we  are  even 
so  determined.  Then  he  replied,  that  we  ought  to  bee 
patient  and  lowly :  and  so  we  departed  from  him  that 
evening.  On  the  morrowe  after  he  sent  a  Nestorian 
Priest  for  the  carts,  and  we  caused  all  the  foure  carts  to  be 
delivered.  Then  came  the  foresaid  brother  of  Coiat  to 
meet  us,  and  separated  all  those  things,  which  we  had 
brought  the  day  before  unto  the  Court,  from  the  rest, 
namely,  the  bookes  and  vestiments,  and  tooke  them  away 
with  him.  Howbeit  Coiat  had  commanded,  that  we 
should  carie  those  vestiments  with  us,  which  wee  ware  in 
the  presence  of  Sartach,  that  we  might  put  them  on 
before  Baatu,  if  neede  should  require :  but  the  said 
Priest  tooke  them  from  us  by  violence,  saying :  thou 
hast  brought  them  unto  Sartach,  and  wouldest  thou  carie 
them  unto  Baatu  ?  And  when  I  would  have  rendred  a 
reason,  he  answered  :  be  not  too  talkative,  but  goe  your 
wayes.  Then  I  sawe  that  there  was  no  remedie  but 
patience :  for  wee  could  have  no  accesse  unto  Sartach 
himselfe,  neither  was  there  any  other,  that  would  doe  us 
justice.  I  was  afraide  also  in  regard  of  the  interpreter, 
least  he  had  spoken  other  things  then  I  saide  unto  him  : 
for  his  will  was  good  that  we  should  have  given  away  all 

265 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

that  wee  had.     There  was  yet  one  comfort  remaining  unto 
me  :  for  when  I  once  perceived  their  covetous  intent,  I 
conveyed   from   among  our  bookes    the    Bible,  and    the 
sentences,  and  certaine  other  bookes  which  I  made  speciall 
account  of.     Howbeit  I  durst  not  take  away  the  Psalter 
of  my  soveraigne  Lady  the  Queene,  because  it  was  too 
wel   known,  by  reason    of  the    golden    pictures    therein. 
And  so  we  returned  with  the  two  other  carts  unto  our 
lodging.     Then   came   he  that  was  appointed  to  be  our 
guide    unto     the    court    of    Baatu,    willing    us    to    take 
our  journey  in  all  poste-haste :   unto  whom  I  said,  that  I 
would  in  no  case  have  the  carts  to  goe  with  me.     Which 
thing  he  declared  unto  Coiat.     Then  Coiat  commaunded, 
[I.  107.]        that  we  should   leave  them  and  our   servant  with   him  : 
And    we    did    as    he    commanded.       And    so    traveling 
directly  Eastward  towards  Baatu,  the  third  day  we  came 
They  are  come  to  Etilia  or  Volga  :    the  streams  whereof  when  I  beheld, 
ayaiie  as       j  ^Q^^^gj-ed  from  what  regions  of  the  North  such  huge 
and    mighty  waters    should    descend.       Before   we    were 
departed    from    Sartach,    the    foresaid    Coiat,  with    many 
other  Scribes  of  the  court  said  unto  us  :    doe  not  make 
The  Tartars     report     that     our    Lord    is    a    Christian,    but    a     Moal. 
wu  be  called    Because  the  name  of  a  Christian  seemeth  unto  them  to 
be   the   name  of  some  nation.       So  great  is  their  pride, 
that  albeit  they  beleeve  perhaps  some  things  concerning 
Christ,    yet    will    they  not    bee    called    Christians,   being 
desirous    that    their   owne    name,   that    is    to    say,    Moal 
should  be  exalted   above  all   other  names.     Neither   wil 
This  history  of  ^^J    be    called     by    the    name    of    Tartars.      For     the 
PresbiterJohn  Tartars  were  another  nation,  as  I  was  informed  by  them. 
in  the  'North- 
east, is  allead-       Hov^   Sartach,   and   Mangu-Can,   and   Ken-Can 
ged  at  large  ^^^  revcrence  unto  Christians.      Chap.    lo. 

by  Gerardus  ^  ^  ^ 

Mercator  in       \  T    the    same    time   when    the    French-men    tooke 

his  generall      £\^  Antioch,    a    certaine    man     named     Con    Can     had 

mappe.  dominion  over  the  Northren  regions,  lying  thereabouts. 

Con  is  a  proper  name :    Can  is  a  name  of  authority   or 

dignitie,   which   signifieth   a   diviner   or  soothsayer.      All 

266 


WILLIAM    DE   RUBRUQUIS  a.d. 

1253. 

diviners  are  called  Can  amongst  them.     Whereupon  their 
princes  are  called  Can,  because  that  unto  them  belongeth 
the  government  of  the  people  by  divination.     Wee  doe 
reade   also  in  the  historie  of  Antiochia,  that  the  Turkes 
sent  for  aide  against  the  French-men,  unto  the  kingdome 
of  Con  Can.     For  out  of  those  parts  the  whole  nation  of  From  whence 
the  Turkes  first  came.     The  said  Con  was  of  the  nation  ^^^  Turkes 
of  Kara-Catay.      Kara  signifieth  blacke,  and  Catay  is  the  -^'^  ^^^ 
name   of  a  countrey.     So  that  Kara-Catay  signifieth  the 
blacke  Catay.     This  name  was  given  to  make  a  difference 
between   the   foresaid   people,  and   the    people   of  Catay, 
inhabiting    Eastward    over    against   ye    Ocean    sea:    con-  An  Ocean  sea. 
cerning  whom  your  majesty  shall  understand  more  here- 
after.    These  Catayans  dwelt  upon  certaine  Alpes,  by  the 
which    I    travailed.     And    in    a    certain    plaine    countrey 
within  those  Alpes,  there  inhabited  a  Nestorian  shepheard, 
being  a  mighty  governour  over  the  people  called  Yayman,  Nayman. 
which  were   Christians,   following  the   sect   of  Nestorius. 
After  the  death  of  Con  Can,  the  said  Nestorian  exalted 
himselfe   to    the    kingdome,  and    they   called    him    King  Presbiter 
John,  reporting   ten   times  more  of  him    then  was   true.   '^°^^' 
For  so   the   Nestorians  which   come   out  of  those   parts, 
use  to  doe.     For  they  blaze  abroade  great  rumors,  and 
reports   upon  just   nothing.     Whereupon   they  gave   out 
concerning  Sartach,  that  he  was  become  a  Christian,  and 
the    like    also    they    reported    concerning    Mangu    Can, 
and  Ken  Can :    namely  because  these  Tartars  make  more 
account    of  Christians,    then    they  doe    of  other   people, 
and   yet   in    very  deede,   themselves   are     no    Christians. 
So  likewise   there  went  foorth  a  great  report  concerning 
the  said  king  John.     Howbeit,  when    I   travailed    along 
by  his  territories,  there  was  no  man  that  knew  any  thing 
of  him,  but   onely  a    fewe  Nestorians.     In  his  pastures  The  place  of 
or  territories  dwelleth   Ken  Can,  at  whose    Court    Frier  ^^^  ^^^^  ^" 
Andrew   was.      And    I    my    selfe    passed    by    it    at    my  ^^°^'^^- 
returne.      This    John   had   a    brother,    being   a    mightie 
man  also,  and  a  shepheard  like  himselfe,  called  Vut,  and  ^«^  ^^"y  or 
he    inhabited    beyond    the  Alpes    of  Cara    Catay,    being  ^"^^  ^'^'^■ 

267 


A.D. 
1253- 

The  village  of 
Car  a  Carum. 
Crit  and 
Merkit. 


Moal  in  olde 
time  a  begger- 
ly  people. 


The  place  of 
the  Tartars. 


Cyngis. 


[I.   io8.] 
Mangu-Can. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

distant  from  his  brother  John,  the  space  of  three  weekes 
journey.  He  was  lord  over  a  certain  village,  called  Cara 
Carum,  having  people  also  for  his  subjects,  named  Crit,  or 
Merkit,  who  were  Christians  of  the  sect  of  Nestorius. 
But  their  Lorde  abandoning  the  worship  of  Christ, 
followed  after  idoles,  reteining  with  him  Priests  of  the 
saide  idoles,  who  all  of  them  are  worshippers  of  devils 
and  sorcerers.  Beyond  his  pastures  some  tenne  or 
fifteene  dayes  journey,  were  the  pastures  of  Moal,  who 
were  a  poore  and  beggerly  nation,  without  governour, 
and  without  Lawe,  except  their  soothsayings,  and  their 
divinations,  unto  the  which  detestable  studies,  all  in 
those  partes  doe  apply  their  mindes.  Neere  unto 
Moal  were  other  poore  people  called  Tartars.  The 
foresaid  king  John  died  without  issue  male,  and  there- 
upon his  brother  Vut  was  greatly  inriched,  and  caused 
himselfe  to  be  named  Can  :  and  his  droves  and  flockes 
raunged  even  unto  the  borders  of  Moal.  About  the 
same  time  there  was  one  Cyngis,  a  blacke  smith  among 
the  people  of  Moal.  This  Cyngis  stole  as  many  cattel 
from  Vut  Can,  as  he  could  possibly  get  :  insomuch 
that  the  shepheards  of  Vut  complained  unto  their  Lord. 
Then  provided  he  an  armie,  and  marched  up  into  the 
countrey  of  Moal  to  seeke  for  the  saide  Cyngis.  But 
Cyngis  fledde  among  the  Tartars,  and  hidde  himselfe 
amongest  them.  And  Vut  having  taken  some  spoiles 
both  from  Moal,  and  also  from  the  Tartars,  returned 
home.  Then  spake  Cyngis  unto  the  Tartars,  and  unto 
the  people  of  Moal,  saying  :  Sirs,  because  we  are 
destitute  of  a  governour  and  Captaine,  you  see  howe 
our  neighbours  do  oppresse  us.  And  the  Tartars  and 
Moals  appointed  him  to  be  their  Chieftaine.  Then 
having  secretly  gathered  together  an  armie,  he  brake  in 
suddenly  upon  Vut,  and  overcame  him,  and  Vut  fledde 
into  Cataya.  At  the  same  time  was  the  daughter  of 
Vut  taken,  which  Cyngis  married  unto  one  of  his  sonnes, 
by  whom  she  conceived,  &  brought  forth  the  great 
Can,    which    now    reigneth,    called    Mangu-Can.       Then 

268 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS                       a.d.  | 

1253-  I 

Cyngis   sent  ye  Tartars   before  him  in   al   places  where  \ 

he  came  :  and  thereupon  was  their  name  published  and  j 

spread    abroade  :    for    in    all    places    the    people    woulde  j 

crie    out  :     Loe,    the    Tartars    come,   the    Tartars    come.  : 

Howbeit,  through  continuall  warres,  they  are  nowe,  all  \ 

of  them  in  a  maner,  consumed  and  brought  to  nought.  ' 

Whereupon    the     Moals    indevour    what    they    can,    to  \ 

extinguish  the  name  of  the  Tartars,  that  they  may  exalt  * 

their    owne    name.       The    countrey    wherein    they    first  \ 

inhabited,   and  where  the   Court   of  Cyngis  Can   as  yet  j 

remaineth,   is  called  Mancherule.     But  because  Tartaria  Mancherule.  \ 

is    the    region,     about    which    they    have    obtained    their  ; 

conquests,   they  esteeme   that   as   their  royall   and  chiefe  ^ 

citie,  and  there  for  the   most   part   doe   they  elect   their  . 

great  Can.  ' 

Of  the  Russians,   Hungarians,  and  Alanians  :    and  .; 
of  the  Caspian  Sea.      Chap.   20. 

NOw,  as  concerning  Sartach,  whether  he   beleeves  in  \ 

Christ,   or  no,   I   knowe  not.      This  I   am  sure  of,  \ 

that  he  will  not  be  called  a  Christian.       Yea  rather  he  1 

seemeth   unto   mee   to   deride  and   skoffe    at    Christians.  | 

He  lieth  in  the  way  of  the  Christians,  as  namely  of  the  | 
Russians,  the  Valachians,  the  Bulgarians  of  Bulgaria  the 

lesser,    the    Soldaianes,   the    Kerkis,    and    the    Alanians  :  ^ 

who  all   of  them   passe   by   him,   as    they  are  going    to  \ 

the  Court  of  his  father  Baatu,  to  carie  giftes  :  whereupon  ) 

he    is    more    in    league    with    them.       Howbeit,    if  the  j 

Saracens  come,  and  bring  greater  giftes  then  they,  they  1 

are    dispatched    sooner.      He    hath    about    him    certaine  ] 

Nestorian    Priestes,    who    pray    upon    their    beades,    and  ' 

sing    their    devotions.       Also,    there    is    another    under  ! 

Baatu  called  Berta,  who  feedeth  his  cattell   toward  Porta  Or^  Berca.  \ 
ferrea,  or  Derbent,  where  lieth  the  passage  of  all  those 

Saracens,  which  come  out  of  Persia,  and  out  of  Turkie  to  ^ 

goe  unto  Baatu,  and  passing  by,  they  give  rewards  unto  \ 

him.     And  he  professeth  himselfe  to  be  a  Saracene,  and  '\ 

will  not  permit  swines  flesh  to  be  eaten  in  his  dominions.  ' 

269 


AD  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253. 

Howbeitj  at  the  time  of  our  returne,  Baatu  commanded 
him  to  remove  himselfe  from  that  place,  and  to  inhabite 
upon  the  East  side  of  Volga  :  for  hee  was  unwilling  that 
the  Saracens  messengers  should  passe  by  the  saide  Berta, 
because  he  sawe  it  was  not  for  his  profite.  For  the  space 
of  foure  dayes  while  we  remained  in  the  court  of  Sartach, 
we  had  not  any  victuals  at  all  allowed  us,  but  once  onely 
a  litle  Cosmos.  And  in  our  journey  betweene  him  and 
his  father,  wee  traveiled  in  great  feare.  For  certaine 
Russians,  Hungarians,  and  Alanians  being  servants  unto 
the  Tartars  (of  whom  they  have  great  multitudes  among 
them)  assemble  themselves  twentie  or  thirtie  in  a  com- 
panie,  and  so  secretly  in  the  night  conveying  themselves 
from  home,  they  take  bowes  and  arrowes  with  them, 
and  whomesoever  they  finde  in  the  night  season,  they 
put  him  to  death,  hiding  themselves  in  the  day  time. 
And  having  tired  their  horses,  they  goe  in  the  night 
unto  a  company  of  other  horses  feeding  in  some  pas- 
ture, and  change  them  for  newe,  taking  with  them 
also  one  or  two  horses  besides,  to  eate  them  when 
they  stand  in  neede.  Our  guide  therefore  was  sore 
afraide,  least  we  should  have  met  with  such  com- 
panions. In  this  journey  wee  had  died  for  famine,  had 
we  not  caried  some  of  our  bisket  with  us.  At  length 
we  came  unto  the  mighty  river  of  Etilia,  or  Volga. 
For  it  is  foure  times  greater,  then  the  river  of  Sein,  and 
of  a  wonderfull  depth  :  and  issuing  forth  of  Bulgaria  the 
greater,  it  runneth  into  a  certaine  lake  or  sea,  which  of 
late  they  cal  the  Hircan  sea,  according  to  the  name  of 
a  certain  citie  in  Persia,  standing  upon  the  shore  thereof. 
Howbeit  Isidore  calleth  it  the  Caspian  sea.  For 
it  hath  the  Caspian  mountaines  and  the  land  of 
Persia  situate  on  the  South  side  thereof:  and  the  moun- 
taines of  Musihet,  that  is  to  say,  of  the  people  called 
Assassini  towards  the  East,  which  mountaines  are  con- 
joyned  unto  the  Caspian  mountaines :  but  on  the  North 
side  thereof  lieth  the  same  desert,  wherein  the  Tartars  doe 
now  inhabite.     Howbeit  heretofore  there  dwelt  certaine 

270 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  a.d. 

1253. 

people   called   Chaiiglae.     And   on   that   side  it  receiveth  ChangU. 

the  streams  of  Etilia ;  which  river  increaseth  in  Sommer  j 

time,  like  unto  the   river   Nilus   in  -^gypt.      Upon   the  ,1 

West  part  thereof,  it  hath  the  mountaines  of  Alani,  and  ; 

Lesgi,  and  Porta  ferrea,  or  Derbent,  and  the  mountaines  \ 

of  Georgia.     This  Sea  therefore  is  compassed  in  on  three  \ 

sides  with  the  mountaines,  but  on   the  North  side  with 

plaine  grounde.     Frier  Andrew,  in  his  journey  tra veiled  ^rier                    ; 

round  about  two  sides  therof,  namely  the  South  and  the  ^^^^'^^                 \ 

East  sides  :  and   I   my  selfe  about  other  two,  that  is  to  { 

say,  the  North  side  in  going  from  Baatu  to  Mangu-Can, 

and  in  returning  likewise  :  and  the  West  side  in  comming  • 

home  from  Baatu  into  Syria.     A  man  may  travel  round  I 

about   it   in   foure   moneths.     And  it  is  not  true  which  ■ 

Isidore  reporteth,  namely  that  this  Sea  is  a  bay  or  gulfe  i, 

comming   forth  of  the  Ocean  :    for  it  doeth,  in  no  part  ; 

thereof,  joyne  with  the  Ocean,  but  is   invironed   on   all 

sides  with  lande.  1 

Of  the  court  of  Baatu :  and  howe  we  w^ere  [l-  109.]             'i 

interteined  by  him.      Chap.    21.  \ 

AL  the  region  extending  from  the  West  shore  of  the  \ 

foresaid    sea,    where    Alexanders    Iron    gate,    other-  J 

wise    called   the    citie    of  Derbent,    is    situate,   and   from  l 

the   mountaines    of  Alania,  all    along   by  the   fennes   of  ! 

Masotis,   whereinto    the  river   of  Tanais  falleth,  and   so  \ 

forth,    to    the    North    Ocean,    was    wont    to    be    called  ^^^  ^°^'^^            * 

Albania.       Of   which    countrey    Isidore    reporteth,    that  ^^^^"-                  ' 

there   be  dogs  of  such   an    huge   stature,  and   so  fierce,  '■ 

that  they  are  able  in  fight  to  match  bulles,  and  to  master  j 

lions.      Which  is  true,  as  I   understand  by  divers,  who  ' 

tolde   me,   that    there   towardes    the    North    Ocean    they  ' 
make  their  dogges  to  draw  in  carts  like  oxen,  by  reason 

of  their  bignesse  and   strength.       Moreover,   upon   that  - 
part  of  Etilia  where  we  arrived,  there  is  a  new  cottage 
built,    wherein    they   have    placed    Tartars  and   Russians 
both  together,  to  ferrie  over,   and  transport  messengers 
going  and  comming  to  and  fro  the  court  of  Baatu.     For 

271 


A.D. 
1253- 


He  descendeth 
dozvne  the 
river  Volga  in 
a  barke. 


Astracan. 


The  descrip- 
tion of  Baatu 
his  court. 


Horda  signifi- 
eth  the  midst. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

Baatu  remaineth  upon  the  farther  side  towards  the  East. 
Neither  ascendeth  hee  in  Sommer  time  more  Northward 
then  the  foresaide  place  where  we  arrived,  but  was  even 
then  descending  to  the  South.  From  Januarie  untill 
August  both  he  and  all  other  Tartars  ascend  by  the 
banks  of  rivers  towards  cold  and  Northerly  regions, 
and  in  August  they  begin  to  returne  backe  againe. 
We  passed  downe  the  streame  therefore  in  a  barke,  from 
the  foresaid  cottage  unto  his  court.  From  the  same 
place  unto  the  villages  of  Bulgaria  the  greater,  standing 
toward  the  North,  it  is  five  dayes  journey.  I  wonder 
what  devill  caried  the  religion  of  Mahomet  thither. 
For,  from  Derbent,  which  is  upon  the  extreame  borders 
of  Persia,  it  is  above  30.  daies  journey  to  passe  over- 
thwart  the  desert,  and  so  to  ascend  by  the  banke  of 
Etilia,  into  the  foresaid  countrey  of  Bulgaria.  All  which 
way  there  is  no  citie,  but  onely  certaine  cottages  neere 
unto  that  place  where  Etilia  falleth  into  the  sea.  Those 
Bulgarians  are  most  wicked  Saracens,  more  earnestly 
professing  the  damnable  religion  of  Mahomet,  then 
any  other  nation  whatsoever.  Moreover,  when  I  first 
beheld  the  court  of  Baatu,  I  was  astonied  at  the  sight 
thereof:  for  his  houses  or  tents  seemed  as  though  they 
had  bene  some  huge  and  mighty  citie,  stretching  out  a 
great  way  in  length,  the  people  ranging  up  and  downe 
about  it  for  the  space  of  some  three  or  foure  leagues. 
And  even  as  the  people  of  Israel  knew  every  man,  on 
which  side  of  the  tabernacle  to  pitch  his  tent  :  even  so 
every  one  of  them  knoweth  right  well,  towards  what 
side  of  the  court  he  ought  to  place  his  house  when 
he  takes  it  from  off  the  cart.  Wherupon  the  court 
is  called  in  their  language  Horda,  which  signifieth,  the 
midst :  because  the  governour  or  chieftaine  among  them 
dwels  alwaies  in  the  middest  of  his  people  :  except  onely 
that  directly  towards  the  South  no  subject  or  inferiour 
person  placeth  himselfe,  because  towards  that  region  the 
court  gates  are  set  open  :  but  unto  the  right  hand,  and 
the   left   hand   they  extend  themselves   as   farre   as   they 

272 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS                        ad.  | 

1253. 

will,  according  to  the  conveniencie  of  places,  so  that  they 

place  not  their  houses  directly  opposite  against  the  court.  j 
At  our  arrival  we  were  conducted  unto  a  Saracen,  who 

provided  not  for  us  any  victuals  at  all.     The  day  follow-  .; 

ing,  we   were   brought  unto   the   court :   and   Baatu   had  , 
caused  a  large  tent  to   be  erected,  because  his  house  or 

ordinarie    tent    could    not    containe    so    many    men    and  ] 

women   as  were  assembled.      Our  guide  admonished  us  ] 

not  to  speake,  till  Baatu  had  given  us  commandement  so  j 

to    doe,   and   that    then   we   should    speake    our    mindes  j 

briefly.      Then  Baatu  demanded  whether  your  Majestie  l 

had  sent  Ambassadours  unto   him   or  no  ?     I  answered,  • 

that  your   Majestie    had    sent   messengers   to   Ken-Can  :  ! 

and  that  you  would  not  have  sent  messengers  unto  him,  \ 

or    letters    unto    Sartach,  had    not    your    Highnes    bene  ■ 
perswaded   that  they  were    become    Christians :    because 

you   sent   not  unto    them   for    any   feare,  but   onely   for  i 

congratulation,  and    curtesies    sake,  in    regard    that    you  : 

heard   they  were   converted   to   Christianitie.      Then   led  I 

he  us  unto  his  pavilion  :  and  wee  were  charged  not  to  : 

touch  the  cordes  of  the  tent,  which  they  account  in  stead  j 

of  the  threshold  of  the  house.     There  we  stoode  in  our  ! 

habite    bare-footed,  and    bare-headed,  and  were    a  great  ■ 
and   strange   spectacle   in   their  eyes.     For   indeed   Frier  Jo/in  de  Pkm 

John  de  Piano  Carpini  had  byn  there  before  my  comming:  ^^^P^^-  \ 
howbeit,  because  he  was  the  Popes  messenger,  he  changed 

his  habit   that   he  might  not  be   contemned.     Then  we  j 

were  brought  into   the  very  midst   of  the   tent,  neither  i 

required  they  of  us  to  do  any  reverence  by  bowing  our  1 
knees,  as   they  use   to   doe   of  other  messengers.     Wee 

stood  therefore  before  him  for  the  space  wherein  a  man  j 

might  have  rehearsed  the  Psalme,  Miserere  mei   Deus :  \ 

and    there    was    great   silence    kept   of  all    men.      Baatu  ■ 

himselfe  sate  upon  a  seate   long  and  broad  like  unto  a  i 

bed,  guilt  all  over,  with  three  staires  to  ascend  thereunto,  j 

and  one  of  his  ladies  sate  beside  him.     The  men  there  ^ 

assembled,  sate  downe  scattering,  some  on  the  right  hand  \ 
of  the  saide  Lady,  and  some  on  the  left.     Those  places 

I                                          273                                          s  1 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253. 

on  the  one  side  which  the  women  filled  not  up  (for  there 
were  only  the  wives  of  Baatu)  were  supplied  by  the  men. 
Also,  at  the  very  entrance  of  the  tent,  stoode  a  bench 
furnished  with  cosmos,  and  with  stately  great  cuppes  of 
silver,  and  golde,  beeing  richly  set  with  precious  stones. 
Baatu  beheld  us  earnestly,  and  we  him :  and  he  seemed 
[I.  no.]  to  me  to  resemble  in  personage,  Monsieur  John  de  beau 
mont,  whose  soule  resteth  in  peace.  And  hee  had  a  fresh 
ruddie  colour  in  his  countenance.  At  length  he  com- 
manded us  to  speake.  Then  our  guide  gave  us  direction, 
that  wee  should  bow  our  knees  &  speak.  Wherupon  1 
bowed  one  knee  as  unto  a  man :  then  he  signified  that  I 
should  kneele  upon  both  knees:  and  1  did  so,  being  loath 
to  contend  about  such  circumstaunces.  And  again  he 
commanded  me  to  speak.  Then  I  thinking  of  praier  unto 
God,  because  I  kneeled  on  both  my  knees,  began  to  pray 
on  this  wise :  Sir,  we  beseech  the  Lord,  from  whom  all 
good  things  doe  proceed,  and  who  hath  given  you  these 
earthly  benefites,  that  it  would  please  him  hereafter  to 
make  you  partaker  of  his  heavenly  blessings  :  because  the 
former  without  these  are  but  vain  and  improfitable.  And 
I  added  further.  Be  it  knowen  unto  you  of  a  certainty, 
that  you  shal  not  obtain  the  joyes  of  heaven,  unles  you 
become  a  Christian :  for  God  saith,  Whosoever  beleeveth 
&  is  baptized,  shalbe  saved :  but  he  that  beleeveth  not, 
shalbe  condemned.  At  this  word  he  modestly  smiled : 
but  the  other  Moals  began  to  clap  their  hands,  and  to 
deride  us.  And  my  silly  interpreter,  of  whom  especially 
I  should  have  received  comfort  in  time  of  need,  was 
himself  abashed  &  utterly  dasht  out  of  countenance. 
Then,  after  silence  made,  I  said  unto  him,  I  came  unto 
your  Sonne,  because  we  heard  that  he  was  become  a 
Christian  :  and  I  brought  unto  him  letters  on  the  behalfe 
The  letter i  of  of  my  sovereigne  Lord  the  king  of  France  :  and  your 
the  Trench  sonne  sent  me  hither  unto  you.  The  cause  of  my 
^"^'  comming  therefore  is  best  known  unto  your  selfe.     Then 

he    caused     me    to    rise    up.       And     he    enquired    your 
majesties   name,  and  my  name,  and  the   name  of  mine 

274 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253- 

associate  and  interpreter,  and  caused  them  all  to  be  put 
down  in  writing.  He  demaunded  likewise  (because  he 
had  bene  informed,  that  you  were  departed  out  of  your 
owne  countreys  with  an  armie)  against  whom  you  waged 
warre  ?  I  answered  :  against  the  Saracens,  who  had  defiled 
the  house  of  God  at  Jerusalem.  He  asked  also,  whether 
your  Highnes  had  ever  before  that  time  sent  any 
messengers  unto  him,  or  no  ?  To  you  sir  ?  (said  I)  never. 
Then  caused  he  us  to  sit  downe,  and  gave  us  of  his  milke 
to  drinke,  which  they  account  to  be  a  great  favour, 
especially  when  any  man  is  admitted  to  drinke  Cosmos 
with  him  in  his  own  house.  And  as  I  sate  looking 
downe  upon  the  ground,  he  commanded  me  to  lift  up  my 
countenance,  being  desirous  as  yet  to  take  more  diligent 
view  of  us,  or  els  perhaps  for  a  kinde  of  superstitious 
observation.  For  they  esteeme  it  a  signe  of  ill  lucke,  or 
a  prognostication  of  evill  unto  them,  when  any  man  sits 
in  their  presence,  holding  downe  his  head,  as  if  he  were 
sad :  especially  when  he  leanes  his  cheeke  or  chinne 
upon  his  hand.  Then  we  departed  forth,  and  immediatly 
after  came  our  guide  unto  us,  and  conducting  us  unto 
our  lodging,  saide  unto  me :  Your  master  the  King 
requesteth  that  you  may  remaine  in  this  land,  which 
request  Baatu  cannot  satisfie  without  the  knowledge  and 
consent  of  Mangu-Can.  Wherefore  you,  and  your 
interpreter  must  of  necessitie  goe  unto  Mangu-Can, 
Howbeit  your  associate,  and  the  other  man  shall  returne 
unto  the  court  of  Sartach,  staying  there  for  you,  till  you 
come  backe.  Then  began  the  man  of  God  mine  inter- 
preter to  lament,  esteeming  himselfe  but  a  dead  man. 
Mine  associate  also  protested,  that  they  should  sooner 
chop  off  his  head,  then  withdrawe  him  out  of  my  com- 
panie.  Moreover  I  my  selfe  saide,  that  without  mine 
associate  I  coulde  not  goe  :  and  that  we  stood  in  neede  of 
two  servants  at  the  least,  to  attend  upon  us,  because,  if 
one  should  chance  to  fall  sicke,  we  could  not  be  without 
another.  Then  returning  unto  the  court,  he  told  these 
sayings  unto  Baatu.     And  Baatu  commanded  saying :  let 

275 


u 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253- 

the  two  Priests  and  the  interpreter  goe  together,  but  let 
the  clearke  returne  unto  Sartach.  And  comming  againe 
unto  us,  hee  tolde  us  even  so.  And  when  I  would 
have  spoken  for  the  clearke  to  have  had  him  with 
us,  he  saide :  No  more  words :  for  Baatu  hath  resolved, 
that  so  it  shall  be,  and  therefore  I  dare  not  goe  unto 
the  court  any  more.  Goset  the  clearke  had  remain- 
ing of  the  almes  money  bestowed  upon  him,  26. 
Yperperas,  and  no  more;  10.  whereof  he  kept  for  him- 
selfe  and  for  the  lad,  and  16.  he  gave  unto  the  man  of 
God  for  us.  And  thus  were  we  parted  asunder  with 
teares :  he  returning  unto  the  court  of  Sartach,  and 
our  selves  remaining  still  in  the  same  place. 

Of  our  journey  tov^ards  the  Court  of  Mangu 
Can.     Chap.   22. 

Pon    Assumption   even   our    clearke   arrived    at    the 

court  of  Sartach.      And  on  the  morrow  after,  the 

Nestorian  Priestes  were  adorned  with  our  vestments  in 

the  presence  of  the  saide  Sartach.     Then  wee  our  selves 

were  conducted  unto  another  hoste,  who  was  appointed 

to  provide  us  houseroome,  victualles,  and  horses.     But 

because  wee  had  not  ought  to  bestowe  upon  him,  hee  did 

T/iey  travell    all   things  untowardly  for  us.     Then  wee   rode   on  for- 

five  zceekes  by  j^^iT&Q  with  Baatu,  descending:  alonff  by  the  banke  of  Etilia, 

the  banke  of      r         -l  r  r  1  .1  c  .•  • 

Etiliti  ^^^  ^^^  space  or  nve  weekes  together  :    bometimes  mme 

associate  was  so  extreme] ie  hungrie,  that  hee  would  tell 
mee  in  a  manner  weeping,  that  it  fared  with  him  as  though 
hee  had  never  eaten  any  thing  in  all  his  life  before. 
There  is  a  faire  or  market  following  the  court  of  Baatu  at 
all  times :  but  it  was  so   farre  distant  from  us  that  we 

[I.  III.]  could  not  have  recourse  thereunto.  For  wee  were  con- 
strained to  walke  on  foote  for  want  of  horses.     At  length 

Hungarians,  certaine  Hungarians  (who  had  sometime  bene  after  a  sort 
Cleargie  men)  found  us  out :  and  one  of  them  could  as 
yet  sing  many  songs  without  booke,  and  was  accompted 
of  other  Hungarians  as  a  Priest,  and  was  sent  for  unto 
the  funerals  of  his  deceased  countrey  men.     There  was 

276 


WILLIAM   DE  RUBRUQUIS 


A.D. 
1253. 


another  of  them  also  pretily  wel  instructed  in  his  Gram- 
mer :   for  hee  could  understand  the  meaning  of  any  thing 
that    wee    spake,    but    could     not    answere     us.       These 
Hungarians  were  a   great  comfort  unto  us,   bringing  us 
Cosmos  to  drinke,  yea,  and  sometimes  flesh  for  to  eate 
also :  who,  when  they  requested  to  have  some  bookes  of 
us,  and  I  had  not  any  to  give  them  (for  indeede  we  had 
none  but  onely  a  Bible,  and  a  breviarie)  it  grieved  mee 
exceedingly.     And  I   saide  unto  them  :   Bring  mee  some 
inke  and  paper,  and  I  will  write  for  you  so  long  as  we 
shall  remaine  here :  and  they  did  so.     And  I  copied  out 
for  them  Horas  beatae  Virginis,  and  Officium  defunctorum. 
Moreover,  upon   a   certaine   day,  there  was   a   Comanian  A  Comaman. 
that  accompanied  us,  saluting  us  in  Latine,  and  saying  : 
Salvete  Domini.      Wondering  thereat  and   saluting  him 
againe,  I   demaunded  of  him,  who  had  taught  him   that 
kinde  of  salutation  ?     Hee  saide  that  hee  was  baptized  in 
Hungaria  by  our  Friers,  and  that  of  them  hee  learned  it. 
He  saide  moreover,  that  Baatu  had  enquired  many  things 
of  him  concerning  us,  and  that  hee  tolde  him  the  estate  of 
our   order.      Afterwarde    I    sawe   Baatu   riding   with    his 
companie,  and  all  his  subjects  that  were  housholders  or 
masters  of  families  riding  with  him,  and  (in  mine  estima- 
tion)  they    were    not   five    hundred   persons   in   all.     At 
length    about    the    ende   of  Holy   roode,   there    came    a 
certaine  rich  Moal  unto  us  (whose  father  was  a  Millenarie, 
which  is  a  great  office  among  them)  saying  :  I  am  the  man 
that  must  conduct  you  unto   Mangu-Can,  and  wee  have 
thither   a  journey  of  foure  moneths  long  to  travell,  and  A  journey  of 
there  is  such  extreame  colde  in  those  parts,  that  stones  and  +•  ^'^^^^-^ 
trees  doe  even  rive  asunder  in  regarde  thereof.     Therefore  - '^^^    ^^^' 
I  would  wish  you  throughly  to  advise  your  selves,  whether 
you  be  able  to  indure  it  or  no.     Unto  whome  I  answered  : 
I  hope  by  Gods  helpe  that  we  shalbe  able  to  brooke  that 
which   other   men   can   indure.     Then   he   saide  :    if  you 
cannot  indure  it,  I  wil  forsake  you  by  the  way.     And  I 
answered  him  :  it  were  not  just  dealing  for  you  so  to  doe : 
for  wee  goe  not  thither  upon  anie  businesse  of  our  owne, 

277 


A.D. 

1253- 


The  1 6.  oj 
September. 

46.  days. 
Or,  Kan^tta-. 


Or,  laic. 


laic  twelve 
dayes  journey 
from  Volga. 


Pascadr. 


The 

Hungarians 
descendedfrom 
the  Bascirdes. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

but  by  reason  that  we  are  sent  by  your  lord.  Wherfore 
sithence  we  are  committed  unto  your  charge,  you  ought 
in  no  wise  to  forsake  us.  Then  he  saide  :  all  shalbe  well. 
Afterward  he  caused  us  to  shewe  him  all  our  garments  : 
and  whatsoever  hee  deemed  to  be  lesse  needfull  for  us,  he 
willed  us  to  leave  it  behind  in  the  custodie  of  our  hoste.- 
On  the  morrow  they  brought  unto  ech  of  us  a  furred 
gowne,  made  all  of  rammes  skinnes,  with  the  wool  stil 
upon  them,  and  breeches  of  the  same,  and  bootes  also  or 
buskins  according  to  their  fashion,  and  shooes  made  of 
felt,  and  hoods  also  made  of  skinnes  after  their  maner. 
The  second  day  after  Holy  rood,  we  began  to  set  forward 
on  our  journey,  having  three  guides  to  direct  us  :  and  we 
rode  continually  Eastward,  till  the  feast  of  All  Saints. 
Throughout  all  that  region,  and  beyonde  also  did  the 
people  of  Changle  inhabite,  who  were  by  parentage 
descended  from  the  Romanes.  Upon  the  North  side  of 
us,  wee  had  Bulgaria  the  greater,  and  on  the  South,  the 
foresaid  Caspian  sea. 

Of  the  river  of  lagac  :    and  of  divers  regions  or 
nations.      Chap.   23. 

HAving  traveiled  twelve  dayes  journey  from  Etilia,  wee 
found  a  mightie  river  called  lagac  :  which  river 
issuing  out  of  the  North,  from  the  land  of  Pascatir, 
descendeth  into  the  foresaid  sea.  The  language  of 
Pascatir,  and  of  the  Hungarians  is  all  one,  and  they  are  all 
of  them  shepheards,  not  having  any  cities.  And  their 
countrey  bordereth  upon  Bulgaria  the  greater,  on  the 
West  frontier  thereof  From  the  Northeast  part  of  the 
said  countrey,  there  is  no  citie  at  all.  For  Bulgaria  the 
greater  is  the  farthest  countrey  that  way,  that  hath  any 
citie  therein.  Out  of  the  forenamed  region  of  Pascatir, 
proceeded  the  Hunnes  of  olde  time,  who  afterwarde  were 
called  Hungarians.  Next  unto  it  is  Bulgaria  the  greater. 
Isidore  reporteth  concerning  the  people  of  this  nation,  that 
with  swift  horses  they  traversed  the  impregnable  walles 
and  bounds  of  Alexander,  (which,  together  with  the  rocks 

278 


\ 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253. 

of  Caucasus,  served  to  restraine  those  barbarous  and  blood- 
thirstie   people  from  invading  the  regions  of  the  South) 
insomuch  that  they  had  tribute  paied  unto  them,  as  farre 
as  ^gypt.     Likewise  they  wasted  all  countreis  even  unto 
France.     Whereupon   they  were  more  mightie  then  the 
Tartars   as   yet  are.     And    unto  them   the  Blacians,   the  Valachlans. 
Bulgarians,  and  the  Vandals  joyned  themselves.     For  out 
of  Bulgaria  the  greater,  came  those  Bulgarians.     More- 
over, they   which   inhabit   beyond  Danubius,  neere  unto 
Constantinople,  and  not  farre  from  Pascatir,  are  called  Ilac, 
which  (saving  the  pronunciation)  is  al  one  with  Blac,  (for 
the  Tartars  cannot  pronounce  the  letter  B)  from  whom 
also    descended    the    people    which    inhabit    the    land    of 
Assani.     For    they   are   both   of  them  called    Ilac   (both 
these,   &  the  other)  in  ye  languages  of  the  Russians,  ye 
Polonians,  &  the  Bohemians.     The  Sclavonians  speake  all  [I.  112.] 
one  language  with  the  Vandals,  all  which  banded  them- 
selves with  the  Hunnes  :  and  now  for  the  most  part,  they 
unite    themselves   unto    the    Tartars  :    whom    God    hath 
raised  up  from  the  utmost  partes  of  the  earth,  according 
to   that  which  the  Lord  saith  :  I  will  provoke  them  to  ^^«^-  32 
envy  (namely  such  as  keepe  not  his  Law)  by  a  people, 
which  is  no  people,  and  by  a  foolish  nation  will  I  anger 
them.     This  prophecie  is  fulfilled,  according  to  the  literal 
sense  thereof,  upon  all  nations  which  observe  not  the  Law 
of  God.     Al   this  which  I  have  written  concerning  the 
land  of  Pascatir,  was  told  me  by  certaine  Friers  praedicants, 
which     travailed    thither    before    ever    the    Tartars    came 
abroad.     And  from    that  time   they  were  subdued  unto 
their  neighbors  the  Bulgarians  being  Saracens,  whereupon 
many  of  them  proved  Saracens  also.     Other  matters  con- 
cerning this   people,  may   be   known    out   of  Chronicles. 
For    it    is    manifest,  that    those   provinces   beyond    Con- 
stantinople, which   are   now  called  Bulgaria,  Valachia,  & 
Sclavonia,  were  of  old  time  provinces  belonging   to  the 
Greekes.     Also  Hungaria  was  heretofore  called  Pannonia. 
And  wee  were  riding  over  the  land  of  Cangle,  from  the  ^^^f/j^-^^ 
feast  of  Holy  roode,  untill  the  feast  of  All  Saints  :  traveil-  duntrey^^ 

279 


21, 

Rom.  10.  V. 
19- 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

^253- 

ing  almost  every  day  (according  to  mine  estimation)  as 
farre,  as  from  Paris  to  Orleans,  and  sometimes  farther,  as 
we  were  provided  of  poste  horses  :  for  some  dayes  we  had 
change  of  horses  twise  or  thrise  in  a  day.  Sometimes  we 
travailed  two  or  three  daies  together,  not  finding  any 
people,  and  then  we  were  constrained  not  to  ride  so  fast. 
Of  20.  or  30.  horses  we  had  alwayes  the  woorst,  because 
wee  were  strangers.  For  every  one  tooke  their  choice  of 
the  best  horses  before  us.  They  provided  mee  alwaies  of 
a  strong  horse,  because  I  was  very  corpulent  &  heavy  : 
but  whether  he  ambled  a  gentle  pase  or  no,  I  durst  not 
make  any  question.  Neither  yet  durst  I  complaine, 
although  he  trotted  full  sore.  But  every  man  must  be 
contented  with  his  lot  as  it  fell.  Whereupon  wee  were 
exceedingly  troubled  :  for  oftentimes  our  horses  were  tired 
before  we  could  come  at  any  people.  And  then  wee  were 
constrained  to  beate  and  whip  on  our  horses,  and  to  lay 
our  garments  upon  other  emptie  horses  :  yea  and  some- 
times two  of  us  to  ride  upon  one  horse. 

Of  the  hunger,  and  thirst,  and    other  miseries, 

which  wtt  sustained  in  our  journey. 

Chap.   24. 

OF  hunger  and  thirst,  colde  and  wearinesse,  there  was 
no  end.  For  they  gave  us  no  victuals,  but  onely  in 
the  evening.  In  the  morning  they  used  to  give  us  a  little 
drinke,  or  some  sodden  Millet  to  sup  off.  In  the  evening 
they  bestowed  flesh  upon  us,  as  namely,  a  shoulder  and 
breast  of  rams  mutton,  and  every  man  a  measured 
quantitie  of  broath  to  drinke.  When  we  had  sufficient  of 
the  flesh-broath,  we  were  marvellously  wel  refreshed. 
And  it  seemed  to  me  most  pleasant,  and  most  nourishing 
drinke.  Every  Saterday  I  remained  fasting  until  night, 
without  eating  or  drinking  of  ought.  And  when  night 
came,  I  was  constrained,  to  my  great  grief  and  sorow,  to 
eat  flesh.  Sometimes  we  were  faine  to  eate  flesh  halfe 
sodden,  or  almost  rawe,  and  all  for  want  of  fewel  to  seethe 
it  withal  :  especially  when  we  lay  in  the  fields,  or  were 

280 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253.  J 

benighted  before  we  came  at  our  journeis  end  :  because 
we  could  not  then  conveniently  gather  together  the  doung  j 
of  horses  or  oxen  :  for  other  fewel  we  found  but  seldome, 
except  perhaps  a  few  thornes  in  some  places.     Likewise  Certawe 
upon  the  bankes  of  some  rivers,  there  are  woods  growing  ^^^^^^'  ,1 
here  and   there.     Howbeit   they  are  very   rare.     In   the  , 
beginning    our    guide    highly    disdained    us,   and    it    was  '^ 
tedious  unto  him  to  conduct  such  base  fellowes.     After-  ! 
ward,  when   he   began  to  know  us   somewhat  better,  he  \ 
directed  us  on  our  way  by  the  courts  of  rich  Moals,  and  \ 
we  were  requested  to  pray  for  them.     Wherefore,  had  1  \ 
caried  a  good    interpreter  with  me,   I   should    have  had  j 
opportunitie    to   have    done    much    good.     The    foresaid  ; 
Chingis,  who  was  the  first  great  Can  or  Emperour  of  the  i 
Tartars,  had  foure  sonnes,  of  whome  proceeded  by  naturall  \ 
descent  many  children,  every  one  of  which  doeth  at  this  ! 
day  enjoy  great  possessions  :  and  they  are  daily  multiplied  ; 
and  dispersed  over  that  huge  and  waste  desert,  which  is,  '< 
in    dimensions,   like   unto    the   Ocean    Sea.      Our    guide  j 
therefore  directed  us,  as  we  were  going  on  our  journey,  i 
unto   many  of  their    habitations.      And    they    marveiled  ; 
exceedingly,  that  we  would  receive  neither  gold,  nor  silver,  S 
nor  precious  and  costly  garments  at  their  hands.     They 
inquired  also,  concerning  the  great  Pope,  whether  he  was  ! 
of  so  lasting  an  age  as  they  had  heard  ?     For  there  had  ' 
gone  a  report  among  them,  that  he  was  500.  yeeres  olde. 
They  inquired   likewise  of  our  countreis,  whether  there 
were  abundance  of  sheep,  oxen,  &  horses  or  no  }     Con- 
cerning   the    Ocean  sea,   they  could  not  conceive   of  it,  j 
because  it  was  without  limits  or  banks.     Upon  the  even 
of  ye    feast  of  Al    Saints,  we   forsook  the  way  leading  i 
towards  the  East,  (because  the  people  were  now  descended  j 
very  much  South)  and  we  went  on  our  journey  by  certaine  \ 
Alpes,  or  mountaines  directly  Southward,  for  the  space  of  Eight  dayes 
8.    dayes   together.     In  the  foresaid   desert   I    saw  many  j°^^^0  ^°^^^- 
asses  (which  they  cal  Colan)  being;  rather  like  unto  mules  :  '^^T'  '     -r.  r 
these  aid  our  guide  &  his  companions  chase  very  eagerly :  foote. 
howbeit,  they  did  but  lose  their  labour  :  for  the  beastes  ^' 

281  - 


A.D. 

1253- 

High 
mountaines. 

[I.  ..3.] 

Manured 
gf-ounds. 


Kenchat  a 
village  of  the 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

were  two  swift  for  them.  Upon  the  7.  day  there  appeared 
to  the  South  of  us  huge  high  mountaines,  and  we  entred 
into  a  place  which  was  well  watered,  and  fresh  as  a  garden, 
and  found  land  tilled  and  manured.  The  eight  day  after 
the  feast  of  All  Saints,  we  arrived  at  a  certain  towne  of 


Saracens. 


The  7.  day  of 
'November. 


the  Saracens,  named  Kenchat,  the  governour  whereof  met 
our  guide  at  the  townes  end  with  ale  and  cups.  For  it  is 
their  maner  at  all  townes  and  villages,  subject  unto  them, 
to  meet  the  messengers  of  Baatu  and  Mangu-Can  with 
meate  and  drinke.  At  the  same  time  of  the  yere,  they 
went  upon  the  yce  in  that  countrey.  And  before  the 
feast  of  S.  Michael,  we  had  frost  in  the  desert.  I 
enquired  the  name  of  that  province  :  but  being  now  in 
a  strange  territorie,  they  could  not  tell  mee  the  name 
thereof,  but  onely  the  name  of  a  very  smal  citie  in 
A  great  river,  the  same  province.  And  there  descended  a  great  river 
downe  from  the  mountaines,  which  watered  the  whole 
region,  according  as  the  inhabitants  would  give  it  passage, 
by  making  divers  chanels  and  sluces  :  neither  did  this 
river  exonerate  it  selfe  into  any  sea,  but  was  swallowed 
up  by  an  hideous  gulfe  into  the  bowels  of  the  earth  : 
and  it  caused  many  fennes  or  lakes.  Also  I  saw  many 
vines,  and  dranke  of  the  wine  thereof. 


Many  lakes. 
Vines. 


A  cottage. 
The  mountains 
of  Caucasus 
are  extended 
unto  the  East- 
erne  Sea. 


The  citie  oj- 
Talas,  or 
Chincitalas. 
Frier 
Andrew. 


How  Ban  was  put  to  death  :    and  concerning  the 
habitation  of  the  Dutch  men.      Chap.  25. 

THe  day  following,  we  came  unto  another  cottage 
neere  unto  the  mountains.  And  I  enquired  what 
mountains  they  were,  which  I  understood  to  be  the 
mountains  of  Caucasus,  which  are  stretched  forth,  & 
continued  on  both  parts  to  the  sea,  from  the  West  unto 
the  East  :  and  on  the  West  part  they  are  conjoyned  unto 
the  foresaid  Caspian  sea,  wherinto  the  river  of  Volga 
dischargeth  his  streams.  I  enquired  also  of  the  city  of 
Talas,  wherein  were  certaine  Dutchmen  servants  unto  one 
Buri,  of  whom  Frier  Andrew  made  mention.  Concerning 
whom  also  I  enquired  very  diligently  in  the  courts  of 
Sartach  &  Baatu.     Howbeit  I  could  have  no  intelligence 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad. 

1253- 
of  them,  but  onely  that  their  lord  &  master  Ban  was 
put  to  death  upon  the  occasion  following  :  This  Ban  was 
not  placed  in  good  and  fertile  pastures.  And  upon  a 
certain  day  being  drunken,  he  spake  on  this  wise  unto  his 
men.  Am  not  I  of  the  stocke  and  kinred  of  Chingis  Can, 
as  well  as  Baatu  ?  (for  in  very  deede  he  was  brother  or 
nephew  unto  Baatu.)  Why  then  doe  I  not  passe  and 
repasse  upon  the  banke  of  Etilia,  to  feed  my  cattel  there, 
as  freely  as  Baatu  himselfe  doeth  ?  Which  speeches  of 
his  were  reported  unto  Baatu.  Whereupon  Baatu  wrote 
unto  his  servants  to  bring  their  Lorde  bound  unto  him. 
And  they  did  so.  Then  Baatu  demanded  of  him  whether 
he  had  spoken  any  such  words  ?  And  hee  confessed  that 
he  had.  Howbeit,  (because  it  is  the  Tartars  maner  to 
pardon  drunken  men)  he  excused  himselfe  that  he  was 
drunken  at  the  same  time.  Howe  durst  thou  (quoth 
Baatu)  once  name  mee  in  thy  drunkennesse  ?  And  with 
that  hee  caused  his  head  to  be  chopt  off.  Concerning  the 
foresaid  Dutchmen,  I  could  not  understand  ought,  till  1 
was  come  unto  the  court  of  Mangu-Can.  And  there  I 
was  informed  that  Mangu-Can  had  removed  them  out 
of  the  jurisdiction  of  Baatu,  for  the  space  of  a  moneths 
journey  from  Talas  Eastward,  unto  a  certaine  village, 
called  Bolac  :  where  they  are  set  to  dig  gold,  and  to  T^e  village  of 
make  armour.  Whereupon  I  could  neither  goe  nor  come  ^^-''^^• 
by  them.  I  passed  very  neere  the  saide  citie  in  going 
forth,  as  namely,  within  three  dayes  journey  thereof:  but 
I  was  ignorant  that  I  did  so  :  neither  could  I  have  turned 
out  of  my  way,  albeit  I  had  knowen  so  much.  From  the 
foresaide  cottage  we  went  directly  Eastward,  by  the 
mountaines  aforesaid.  And  from  that  time  we  travailed  ^^  entreth 
among  the  people  of  Mangu-Can,  who  in  all  places  sang 
and  daunced  before  our  guide,  because  hee  was  the 
messenger  of  Baatu.  For  this  curtesie  they  doe  affoord 
eche  to  other  :  namely,  the  people  of  Mangu-Can  re- 
ceiving the  messengers  of  Baatu  in  maner  aforesaide  : 
and  so  likewise  the  people  of  Baatu  intertaining  the 
messengers  of  Mangu-Can.     Notwithstanding  the  people 

283 


hito  the 
territories  of 
Mangu-Can. 


A.D. 
1253- 


Certain  Alpes 
wherein  the 
Car  a  Catal- 
ans inhabited. 
A  mighty 
riz'er. 

Ground  tilled. 
Equius. 


J  lake  of 
Jifteene  dayes 
journey  in 
compasse. 


[I  1,+.] 

Cailac  a  great 
citie,  and  full 
of  merchants. 


Contomanni. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

of  Baatu  are  more  surlie  and  stoute,  and  shewe  not  so 
much  curtesie  unto  the  subjectes  of  Mangu-Can,  as  they 
doe  unto  them.  A  fewe  dayes  after,  wee  entered  upon 
those  Alpes  where  the  Cara  Catayans  were  woont  to 
inhabite.  And  there  wee  found  a  mightie  river  :  inso- 
much that  wee  were  constrained  to  imbarke  our  selves, 
and  to  saile  over  it.  Afterward  we  came  into  a  certaine 
valley,  where  I  saw  a  castle  destroyed,  the  walles  whereof 
were  onely  of  mudde :  and  in  that  place  the  ground  was 
tilled  also.  And  there  wee  founde  a  certaine  village,  named 
Equius,  wherein  were  Saracens,  speaking  the  Persian 
language  :  howbeit  they  dwelt  an  huge  distance  from 
Persia.  The  day  following,  having  passed  over  the 
foresaide  Alpes  which  descended  from  the  great  mountains 
Southward,  we  entred  into  a  most  beautiful  plaine,  having 
high  mountaines  on  our  right  hande,  and  on  the  left 
hande  of  us  a  certaine  Sea  or  lake,  which  containeth  fifteene 
dayes  journey  in  circuite.  All  the  foresayde  plaine  is 
most  commodiously  watered  with  certaine  freshets  dis- 
tilling from  the  said  mountaines,  all  which  do  fall  into 
the  lake.  In  Sommer  time  wee  returned  by  the  North 
shore  of  the  saide  lake,  and  there  were  great  mountaines 
on  that  side  also.  Upon  the  forenamed  plaine  there  were 
wont  to  bee  great  store  of  villages  :  but  for  the  most  part 
they  were  all  wasted,  in  regarde  of  the  fertile  pastures, 
that  the  Tartars  might  feede  their  cattel  there.  Wee 
found  one  great  citie  there  named  Cailac,  wherein  was 
a  mart,  and  great  store  of  Merchants  frequenting  it. 
In  this  citie  wee  remained  fifteene  dayes,  staying  for  a 
certaine  Scribe  or  Secretarie  of  Baatu,  who  ought  to  have 
accompanied  our  guide  for  the  dispatching  of  certaine 
affaires  in  the  court  of  Mangu.  All  this  countrey  was 
wont  to  be  called  Organum  :  and  the  people  thereof  had 
their  proper  language,  and  their  peculiar  kinde  of  writing. 
But  it  was  altogether  inhabited  of  the  people  called 
Contomanni.  The  Nestorians  likewise  in  those  parts 
used  the  very  same  kinde  of  language  and  writing.  They 
are  called  Organa,  because  they  were  wont  to  be  most 


WILLIAM   DE    RUBRUQUIS  ad 

1253. 

skilfull  in  playing  upon  the  Organes  or  citherne,  as  it 
was  reported  unto  me.  Here  first  did  I  see  worshippers 
of  idoles,  concerning  whom,  bee  it  knowen  unto  your 
majestie,  that  there  be  many  sects  of  them  in  the 
East  countries. 

,  How   the   Nestorians,    Saracens,   and   Idolaters  are 
I  joyned  together.      Chap.   26. 

THe  first  sort  of  these  idolaters  are  called  Jugures  :  T'he  people 
whose  land  bordereth  upon  the  foresaid  land  of  '^^Qiaters^'^^ ^ 
Organum,  within  the  said  mountains  Eastward  :  and  in 
al  their  cities  Nestorians  do  inhabit  together,  and  they 
are  dispersed  likewise  towards  Persia  in  the  cities  of 
the  Saracens.  The  citizens  of  ye  foresaid  city  of  Cailac 
had  3.  idole-Temples  :  and  I  entred  into  two  of  them, 
to  beholde  their  foolish  superstitions.  In  the  first  of 
which  I  found  a  man  having  a  crosse  painted  with  ink 
upon  his  hand,  wherupon  I  supposed  him  to  be  a 
Christian  :  for  he  answered  like  a  Christian  unto  al 
questions  which  I  demanded  of  him.  And  I  asked 
him.  Why  therefore  have  you  not  the  crosse  with  the 
image  of  Jesu  Christ  therupon  }  And  he  answered  : 
We  have  no  such  custome.  Whereupon  I  conjectured 
that  they  were  indeede  Christians  :  but,  that  for  lacke 
of  instruction  they  omitted  the  foresaide  ceremonie.  For 
I  saw  there  behind  a  certaine  chest  (which  was  unto  them 
in  steed  of  an  altar,  whereupon  they  set  candles  and 
oblations)  an  image  having  wings  like  unto  the  image 
of  Saint  Michael,  and  other  images  also,  holding  their 
fingers,  as  if  they  would  blesse  some  body.  That  evening 
I  could  not  find  any  thing  els.  For  the  Saracens  doe 
onely  invite  men  thither,  but  they  will  not  have  them 
speake  of  their  religion.  And  therfore,  when  I  enquired 
of  the  Saracens  concerning  such  ceremonies,  they  were 
offended  thereat.  On  the  morrow  after  were  the 
Kalends,  and  the  Saracens  feast  of  Passeover.  And 
changing  mine  Inne  or  lodging  the  same  day,  I  tooke 
up  mine  abode  neere  unto  another   idole-Temple.     For 

285 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

J253. 

the  citizens  of  the  said  citie  of  Cailac  doe  curteously 
invite,  &  lovingly  intertaine  all  messengers,  every  man 
of  them  according  to  his  abilitie  and  portion.  And 
entring  into  the  foresaid  idole-Temple,  I  found  the 
Priests  of  the  said  idoles  there.  For  alwayes  at  the 
Kalends  they  set  open  their  Temples,  and  the  priests 
adorne  themselves,  and  offer  up  the  peoples  oblations 
of  bread  and  fruits.  First  therefore  I  will  describe 
unto  you  those  rites  and  ceremonies,  which  are  common 
unto  all  their  idole-Temples  :  and  then  the  superstitions 
of  the  foresaid  Jugures,  which  be,  as  it  were,  a  sect  dis- 
tinguished from  the  rest.  They  doe  all  of  them  worship 
towards  the  North,  clapping  their  hands  together,  and 
prostrating  themselves  on  their  knees  upon  ye  earth, 
holding  also  their  foreheads  in  their  hands.  Wherupon 
the  Nestorians  of  those  parts  will  in  no  case  joyne 
their  hands  together  in  time  of  prayer  :  but  they  pray, 
displaying  their  hands  before  their  breasts.  They 
extend  their  Temples  in  length  East  and  West  :  and 
upon  the  North  side  they  build  a  chamber,  in  maner  of 
a  Vestry  for  themselves  to  goe  forth  into.  Or  sometimes 
it  is  otherwise.  If  it  be  a  foure  square  Temple,  in  the 
midst  of  the  Temple  towards  the  North  side  therof, 
they  take  in  one  chamber  in  that  place  where  the  quire 
should  stand.  And  within  the  said  chamber  they  place 
a  chest  long  and  broad  like  unto  a  table  :  and  behinde 
the  saide  chest  towardes  the  South  stands  their  principall 
Frier  William  idole  :  which  I  sawe  at  Caracarum,  and  it  was  as  bigge 
was  at  Cara-  ^s  the  idole  of  Saint  Christopher.  Also  a  certaine 
Nestorian  priest,  which  had  bin  in  Catay,  saide  that  in 
that  countrey  there  is  an  idole  of  so  huge  a  bignes,  that 
it  may  be  seen  two  daies  journey  before  a  man  come  at  it. 
And  so  they  place  other  idoles  round  about  the  foresaid 
principal  idole,  being  all  of  them  finely  gilt  over  with  pure 
golde  :  and  upon  the  saide  chest,  which  is  in  manner  of  a 
table,  they  set  candles  and  oblations.  The  doores  of  their 
Temples  are  alwayes  opened  towards  the  South,  contrary 
to  the  custome  of  the   Saracens.     They  have  also  great 

286 


carum. 


WILLIAM   DE  RUBRUQUIS  a.d. 

1253- 
belles  like  unto  us.     And  that  is  the  cause  (as  I  thinke) 
why  the  Christians  of  the  East  will  in  no  case  use  great 
belles.     Notwithstanding    they    are    common   among    the 
Russians,  and  Graecians  of  Gasaria. 

Of  their  Temples  and  idoles  :  and  howe  they 
behave  themselves  in  worshipping  their  false 
gods.      Chap.  27. 

I  A  LI  their  Priests  had  their  heads  and  beards  shaven 
■  .l\,  quite  over  :  and  they  are  clad  in  saffron  coloured 
garments  :  and  being  once  shaven,  they  lead  an  unmaried 
life  from  that  time  forward  :  and  they  live  an  hundreth  or  [I.  1 1 5.] 
two  hundreth  of  them  together  in  one  cloister  or  covent. 
Upon  those  dayes  when  they  enter  into  their  temples,  they 
place  two  long  foormes  therein  :  and  so  sitting  upon  the 
sayd  foormes  like  singing  men  in  a  quier,  namely  the  one 
halfe  of  them  directly  over  against  the  other,  they  have 
certaine  books  in  their  hands,  which  sometimes  they  lay  Bookes. 
downe  by  them  upon  the  foormes  :  and  their  heads  are 
bare  so  long  as  they  remaine  in  the  temple.  And  there 
they  reade  softly  unto  themselves,  not  uttering  any  voice 
at  all.  Whereupon  comming  in  amongst  them,  at  the 
time  of  their  superstitious  devotions,  and  finding  them  all 
siting  mute  in  maner  aforesayde,  I  attempted  divers  waies 
to  provoke  them  unto  speach,  and  yet  could  not  by  any 
means  possible.  They  have  with  them  also  whithersoever 
they  goe,  a  certaine  string  with  an  hundreth  or  two 
hundreth  nutshels  thereupon,  much  like  to  our  bead-roule 
which  we  cary  about  with  us.  And  they  doe  alwayes  utter 
these  words  :  Ou  mam  Hactani^  God  thou  knowest  :  as 
one  of  them  expounded  it  unto  me.  And  so  often  doe 
they  expect  a  reward  at  Gods  hands,  as  they  pronounce 
these  words  in  remembrance  of  God.  Round  about  their 
temple  they  doe  alwayes  make  a  faire  court,  like  unto  a 
churchyard,  which  they  environ  with  a  good  wall :  and 
upon  the  South  part  thereof  they  build  a  great  portal, 
wherein  they  sit  and  conferre  together.  And  upon  the 
top  of  the  said  portall  they  pitch  a  long  pole  right  up, 

287 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

1253. 

exalting  it,  if  they  can,  above  all  the  whole  towne  besides. 
And  by  the  same  pole  all  men  may  knowe,  that  there 
stands  the  temple  of  their  idoles,  These  rites  and  cere- 
monies aforesayd  be  common  unto  all  idolaters  in  those 
parts.  Going  upon  a  time  towardes  the  foresayd  idole- 
temple,  I  found  certain  priests  sitting  in  the  outward 
portal.  And  those  which  I  sawe,  seemed  unto  me,  by 
their  shaven  beards,  as  if  they  had  bene  French  men. 
They  wore  certaine  ornaments  upon  their  heads  made  of 
paper.  The  priestes  of  the  foresaide  Jugures  doe  use  such 
attire  whithersoever  they  goe.  They  are  alwaies  in  their 
safiron  coloured  jackets,  which  be  very  straight  being 
laced  or  buttened  from  the  bosome  right  downe,  after  the 
French  fashion.  And  they  have  a  cloake  upon  their  left 
shoulder  descending  before  and  behind  under  their  right 
arme,  like  unto  a  deacon  carying  the  houssel-boxe  in  time 
Paper.  of  lent.     Their  letters  or  kind  of  writing  the  Tartars  did 

5o  do  the         receive.     They  begin  to  write  at  the  top  of  their  paper 
people  of  China  Jj-^wing  their  lines  right  downe  :  and  so  they  reade  and 
^dravchz  their  ^'^^^iply  their  lines  from  the  left  hand  to  the  right.     They 
lines perpendi-  doe   use   certaine   papers  and   characters  in  their   magical 
cularly  down-  practises.     Whereupon  their  temples  are  full  of  such  short 
ward,  '^  not    scroules   hanged   round   about   them.     Aso    Mangu-Can 
^th^U^hthand  ^^^^    ^^^^^    letters    unto    your    Majestie    written    in    the 
to  the  leftc.      language  of  the  Moals   or  Tartars,  and  in  the   foresayd 
hand  or  letter  of  the  Jugures.     They  burne  their  dead 
according  to  the  anncient  custome,  and  lay  up  the  ashes  in 
the  top  of  a  Pyramis.     Now,  after  I  had  sit  a  while  by  the 
foresaid  priests,  and  entred   into   their  temple  and  scene 
many  of  their  images  both  great  and  small,  I  demanded  of 
them   what    they  beleeved   concerning  God  }     And  they 
answered :  We  beleeve  that  there  is  onely  one  God.     And 
I  demaunded  farther :  Whether  do  you  beleve  that  he  is 
a  spirit,  or    some   bodily  substance  }      They  saide  :    We 
beleeve    that    he   is   a   spirite.      Then  said    I  :    Doe  you 
beleeve   that    God   ever   tooke  mans   nature   upon   him  .^ 
They  answered  :  Noe.     And  againe  I  said  :  Sithence  ye 
beleeve  that  he  is  a  spirit,  to  what  end  doe  you  make  so 

288 


WILLIAM    DE   RUBRUQUIS  ad 

1253- 
many  bodily  images  to  represent  him  ?  Sithence  also  you 
beleeve  not  that  hee  was  made  man  :  why  doe  you 
resemble  him  rather  unto  the  image  of  a  man  then  of  any 
other  creature  ?  Then  they  answered  saying  :  we  frame 
not  those  images  whereby  to  represent  God.  But  when 
any  rich  man  amongst  us,  or  his  sonne,  or  his  wife,  or  any 
of  his  friends  deceaseth,  hee  causeth  the  image  of  the  dead 
party  to  be  made,  and  to  be  placed  here  :  and  we  in 
remembrance  of  him  doe  reverence  thereunto.  Then  I 
replyed  :  you  doe  these  things  onely  for  the  friendship 
and  flatterie  of  men.  Noe  (said  they)  but  for  their 
memory.  Then  they  demanded  of  me,  as  it  were  in 
scoffing  wise  :  Where  is  God  ?  To  whom  I  answered  : 
where  is  your  soule  ?  They  said,  in  our  bodies.  Then 
saide  I,  is  it  not  in  every  part  of  your  bodie,  ruling  and 
guiding  the  whole  bodie,  and  yet  notwithstanding  is  not 
seene  or  perceived  ?  Even  so  God  is  every  where  and 
ruleth  all  things,  and  yet  is  he  invisible,  being  under- 
standing and  wisedome  it  selfe.  Then  being  desirous  to 
have  had  some  more  conference  with  them,  by  reason, 
that  mine  interpreter  was  weary,  and  not  able  to  expresse 
my  meaning,  I  was  constrained  to  keepe  silence.  The 
Moals  or  Tartars  are  in  this  regard  of  their  sect  :  namely 
they  beleeve  that  there  is  but  one  God  :  howbeit  they 
make  images  of  felt,  in  remembrance  of  their  deceased 
friends,  covering  them  with  five  most  rich  and  costly 
garments,  and  putting  them  into  one  or  two  carts,  which 
carts  no  man  dare  once  touch  :  and  they  are  in  the 
custody  of  their  soothsayers,  who  are  their  priests,  con- 
cerning whom  I  will  give  your  Highnesse  more  at  large 
to  understand  hereafter.  These  soothsayers  or  diviners 
do  alwaies  attend  upon  the  court  of  Mangu  and  of  other 
great  personages.  As  for  the  poorer  or  meaner  sorte, 
they  have  them  not,  but  such  onely  as  are  of  the  stocke 
and  kindred  of  Chingis.  And  when  they  are  to  remove 
or  to  take  any  journey,  the  said  diviners  goe  before  them, 
even  as  the  cloudie  piller  went  before  the  children  of 
Israel.  And  they  appoint  ground  where  the  tents  must 
I  289  T 


B 


AD  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253. 

be  pitched,  and  first  of  al  they  take  down  their  owne 
[I.  116.]  houses:  &  after  them  the  whole  court  doth  the  like. 
Also  upon  their  festival  daies  or  kalends  they  take  forth 
the  foresayd  images,  and  place  them  in  order  round,  or 
circle  wise  within  the  house.  Then  come  the  Moals  or 
Tartars,  and  enter  into  the  same  house,  bowing  themselves 
before  the  said  images  and  worship  them.  Moreover,  it 
is  not  lawfuU  for  any  stranger  to  enter  into  that  house. 
For  upon  a  certaine  time  I  my  selfe  would  have  gone  in, 
but  I  was  chidden  full  well  for  my  labour. 

Of  divers  and  sundry  nations  :  and  of  certaine 
people  which  were  wont  to  eate  their  owne 
parents.      Chap.   28. 

'Ut  the  foresayd  Jugures  (who  live  among  the 
Christians,  and  the  Saracens)  by  their  sundry  dis- 
putations, as  I  suppose,  have  bene  brought  unto  this,  to 
beleeve,  that  there  is  but  one  onely  God.  And  they 
dwelt  in  certaine  cities,  which  afterward  were  brought  in 
subjection  unto  Chingis  Can  :  whereupon  he  gave  his 
daughter  in  mariage  unto  their  king.  Also  the  citie  of 
Caracarum  it  selfe  is  in  a  manner  within  their  territory  : 

The  countrey    and  the  whole  countrey  of  king  or  Presbyter  John,  &  of 

ofPresbite?-  j^jg  brother  Vut  lyeth  neere  unto  their  dominions  :  saving, 
that  they  inhabite  in  certaine  pastures  Northward,  and  the 
sayde  Jugures  betweene  the  mountaines  towardes  the 
South.  Whereupon  it  came  to  passe,  that  the  Moals 
received  letters  from  them.  And  they  are  the  Tartars 
principall  scribes  :  &  al  the  Nestorians  almost  can  skill  of 
their    letters.      Next    unto    them,    between    the    foresaid 

Tangut.  mountaines   Eastward,  inhabiteth    the   nation  of  Tangut, 

who  are  a  most  valiant  people,  and  tooke  Chingis  in 
battell.  But  after  the  conclusion  of  a  league  hee  was  set 
at  libertie  by  them,  and  afterward  subdued  them.     These 

Strange  oxen,  people  of  Tangut  have  oxen  of  great  strength,  with  tailes 
like  unto  horses,  and  with  long  shagge  haire  upon  their 
backes  and  bellyes.  They  have  legges  greater  then  other 
oxen  have,  and  they  are  exceedingly  fierce.     These  oxen 

290 


WILLIAM   DE   RUBRUQUIS 

drawe  the  great  houses  of  the  Moals  :  and  their  homes 
are  slender,  long,  streight,  and  most  sharpe  pointed  : 
insomuch  that  their  owners  are  faine  to  cut  off  the  endes 
of  them.  A  cowe  will  not  suffer  her  selfe  to  be  coupled 
unto  one  of  them,  unles  they  whistle  or  sing  unto  her. 
They  have  also  the  qualities  of  a  Buffe  :  for  if  they  see 
a  man  clothed  in  red,  they  run  upon  him  immediately 
to  kill  him.  Next  unto  them  are  the  people  of  Tebet, 
men  which  were  wont  to  eate  the  carkases  of  their 
deceased  parents  :  that  for  pities  sake,  they  might  make 
no  other  sepulchre  for  them,  then  their  owne  bowels. 
Howbeit  of  late  they  have  left  off  this  custome,  because 
that  thereby  they  became  abominable  and  odious  unto  al 
other  nations.  Notwithstanding  unto  this  day  they  make 
£ne  cups  of  the  skuls  of  their  parents,  to  the  ende  that 
when  they  drinke  out  of  them,  they  may  amidst  all  their 
jollities  and  delights  call  their  dead  parents  to  remem- 
brance. This  was  tolde  mee  by  one  that  saw  it.  The 
sayd  people  of  Tebet  have  great  plentie  of  golde  in  their 
land.  Whosoever  therefore  wanteth  golde,  diggeth  till 
he  hath  found  some  quantitie,  and  then  taking  so  much 
thereof  as  will  serve  his  turne,  he  layeth  up  the  residue 
within  the  earth  :  because,  if  he  should  put  it  into  his 
chest  or  storehouse,  hee  is  of  opinion  that  God  would 
withholde  from  him  all  other  gold  within  the  earth.  I 
sawe  some  of  those  people,  being  very  deformed  creatures. 
In  Tangut  I  saw  lusty  tall  men,  but  browne  and  swart  in 
colour.  The  Jugures  are  of  a  middle  stature  like  unto 
our  French  men.  Amongst  the  Jugures  is  the  originall 
and  roote  of  the  Turkish,  and  Comanian  languages. 
Next  unto  Tebet  are  the  people  of  Langa  and  Solanga, 
whose  messengers  I  saw  in  the  Tartars  court.  And  they 
had  brought  more  then  ten  great  cartes  with  them,  every 
one  of  which  was  drawen  with  sixe  oxen.  They  be  little 
browne  men  like  unto  Spaniards.  Also  they  have  jackets, 
like  unto  the  upper  vestment  of  a  deacon,  saving  that  the 
sleeves  are  somewhat  streighter.  And  they  have  miters 
upon  their  heads  like  bishops.     But  the  fore  part  of  their 

291 


A.D. 
1253- 


The  people  of 
Tebet. 


Abundance  of 
golde. 


The  stature  of 
the  people  of 
Tangut,  and 
of  the  Jugures. 

Langa  U 
Solanga. 


The  people 
of  Solanga 
resemble 
Spaniards. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1253 

miter  is  not  so  hollow  within  as  the  hinder  part :    neither 
is  it  sharpe  pointed  or  cornered  at  the  toppe  :    but  there 
hang  downe  certaine  square  flappes  compacted  of  a  kinde 
of  strawe  which  is  made  rough  and  rugged  with  extreme 
heat,  and  is  so   trimmed,  that  it  glittereth   in  the  sunne 
beames,  like  unto  a  glasse,  or  an  helmet  well  burnished. 
And  about   their   temples  they  have  long  bands    of  the 
foresayd  matter  fastened  unto  their  miters,  which  hover  in 
the  wind,  as  if  two  long  homes  grewe  out  of  their  heads. 
And  when   the  winde    tosseth   them  up  and  downe   too 
much,  they  tie  them  over  the  midst  of  their  miter  from 
one  temple  to  another :    and  so  they  lie  circle  wise  over- 
thwart  their  heads.      Moreover  their  principal  messenger 
Atabkofele-  comming  unto  the  Tartars  court  had  a  table  of  elephants 
phants  tooth.      ^QQ^j^  about  him  of  a  cubite  in  length,  and  a  handfull  in 
breadth,  being  very  smoothe.     And  whensoever  hee  spake 
unto    the    Emperor    himselfe,  or    unto    any   other    great    \ 
personage,  hee  alwayes   beheld  that  table,  as  if  hee  had    j 
found  therein  those  things  which  hee  spake :   neither  did 
he  cast  his  eyes  to  the  right  hand,  nor  to  the  lefte,  nor    \ 
upon  his  face,  with  whom  he  talked.     Yea,  going  too  and    I 
fro  before  his  lord,  he  looketh  no  where  but  only  upon    1 
The  people       ^^^  table.     Beyond  them  (as  I  understand  of  a  certainty)    I 
called  Muc.      there  are  other  people  called  Muc,  having  villages,  but  no    : 
[I.  117.]         one  particular  man  of  them  appropriating  any  cattell  unto    ,i 
himselfe.     Notwithstanding   there  are   many  flockes   and 
droves  of  cattell  in  their  countrey,  &  no  man  appointed  to 
keepe    them.     But    when    any  one  of  them  standeth  in 
neede  of  any  beast,  hee  ascendeth  up  unto  an  hill,  and 
there  maketh  a  shout,  and  all  the  cattell  which  are  within    ! 
hearing  of  the  noyse,  come  flocking  about  him,  and  suffer    ' 
themselves  to  be  handled  and  taken,  as  if  they  were  tame,    i 
And  when  any  messenger  or  stranger  commeth  into  their    j 
countrie,  they  shut  him  up  into  an  house,  ministring  there    i 
things   necessary  unto   him,  untill   his   businesse   be   dis-    \ 
patched.      For  if  anie  stranger  should  travell  through  that    I 
countrie,  the  cattell  would  flee  away  at  the  very  sent  of  ( 
him,  and  so  would  become  wilde.     Beyond  Muc  is  great 

292 


CHARTER   TO    THE    CINQUE   PORTS 


A.D. 
1278 


Cathaya,  the  inhabitants  whereof  (as  I  suppose)  were  of  Great 
olde  time,  called  Seres.  For  from  them  are  brought  most  ^^^^^y^- 
excellent  stuffes  of  silke.  And  this  people  is  called  Seres 
of  a  certain  towne  in  the  same  countrey.  I  was  crediblie 
informed,  that  in  the  said  countrey,  there  is  one  towne 
having  walles  of  silver,  and  bulwarkes  or  towers  of  golde. 
There  be  many  provinces  in  that  land,  the  greater  part 
whereof  are  not  as  yet  subdued  unto  the  Tartars.  And 
amongst* 

Somewhat  is  wanting. 


Part  of  the  great  Charter  granted  by  king  Edward 
the  first  to  the  Barons  of  the  Cinque  portes,  in 
the  sixt  yeere  of  his  reigne  1278.  for  their 
good  services  done  unto  him  by  sea :  wherein 
is  mention  of  their  former  ancient  Charters 
from  Edward  the  Confessor,  William  the 
Conqueror,  William  Rufus,  Henry  the  second, 
king  Richard  the  first,  king  John,  and  Henry 
the  third  continued   unto  them. 

Dward  by  the  grace  of  God  king  of 
England,  lord  of  Ireland,  &  duke  of 
Gascoigne,  to  all  Archbishops,  Bishops, 
Abbots,  Priors,  Earles,  Barons,  Justices, 
Shirifs,  Provosts,  Officers,  &  to  all  Bay- 
liffes  and  true  subjects  greeting.  You 
shall  knowe  that  for  the  faithfull  service 
that  our  Barons  of  the  five  Ports  hitherto  to  our  pre- 
decessors kings  of  England,  &  unto  us  lately  in  our  armie 
of  Wales  have  done,  and  for  their  good  service  to  us  and 
our  heires  kings  of  England,  truly  to  be  continued  in 
time  to  come,  we  have  granted  &  by  this  our  Charter 
confirmed  for  us  and  our  heires,  to  the  same  our  Barons 
and  to  their  heires,  all  their  liberties  and  freedomes.  So 
that  they  shall  be  free  from  all  toll,  and  from  all  custome ; 
that  is   to  say   from  all  lastage,  tallage,  passage,  cariage, 

293 


A.D. 
1278. 


The  fishing 
at  great 
Yarmouth. 


Henry  the 
third. 


Edzuard  the 
confessor. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

rivage,  asponsage,  and  from  all  wrecke,  and  from  all  their 
sale,  carying  and  recarying  through  all  our  realme  and 
dominion,  with  socke  and  souke,  toll  and  theme.  And 
that  they  shall  have  Infangthefe,  and  that  they  shall  be 
wreckefree,  lastagefree,  and  lovecopfree.  And  that  they 
shall  have  Denne  and  Strande  at  great  Yarmouth,  accord- 
ing as  it  is  contayned  in  the  ordinance  by  us  thereof  made 
perpetually  to  bee  observed.  And  also  that  they  are  free 
from  all  shires  and  hundreds  :  so  that  if  any  person  will 
plead  against  them,  they  shall  not  aunswere  nor  pleade 
otherwise  then  they  were  wont  to  plead  in  the  time  of  the 
lord,  king  Henrie  our  great  grandfather :  And  that  they 
shall  have  their  findelles  in  the  sea  and  in  the  land :  And 
that  they  be  free  of  all  their  goods  and  of  all  their 
marchandises  as  our  freemen.  And  that  they  have  their 
honours  in  our  court,  and  their  liberties  throughout  all 
the  land  wheresoever  they  shall  come.  And  that  they 
shall  be  free  for  ever  of  all  their  lands,  which  in  the  time 
of  Lord  Henrie  the  king  our  father  they  possessed :  that 
is  to  say  in  the  44.  yere  of  his  reign,  from  all  maner  of 
summonces  before  our  Justices  to  any  maner  of  plead- 
ings, journeying  in  what  shire  soever  their  lands  are. 
So  that  they  shall  not  be  bound  to  come  before  the 
Justices  aforesaid,  except  any  of  the  same  Barons  doe 
implead  any  man,  or  if  any  man  be  impleaded.  And  that 
they  shall  not  pleade  in  any  other  place,  except  where 
they  ought,  and  where  they  were  wont,  that  is  to  say,  at 
Shepeway.  And  that  they  have  their  liberties  and  free- 
domes  from  hencefoorth,  as  they  and  their  predecessors 
have  had  them  at  any  time  better,  more  fully  and  honour- 
ably in  the  time  of  the  kings  of  England,  Edward, 
William  the  first,  William  the  second,  Henrie  the  king 
our  great  grandfather,  and  in  the  times  of  king  Richard, 
and  king  John  our  grandfathers,  and  lord  king  Henrie 
our  father,  by  their  Charters :  as  the  same  Charters  which 
the  same  our  Barons  thereof  have,  and  which  we  have 
scene,  doe  reasonably  testifie.  And  we  forbid  that  no  man 
unjustly  trouble  them  nor   their   marchandise   upon  our 

294 


CHARTER   TO    THE   CINQUE   PORTS  ad. 

1278. 

forfeyture  often  pounds.  So  nevertheless,  that  when  the 
same  Barons  shall  fayle  in  doing  of  Justice  or  in  receiving 
of  Justice,  our  Warden,  and  the  wardens  of  our  heires  of  [I.  118.] 
the  Cinque  Portes,  which  for  the  time  shall  be,  their 
Ports  and  liberties  may  enter  for  to  doe  their  full  Justice. 
So  also  that  the  sayd  Barons  and  their  heires,  do  unto  us 
and  to  our  heirs  kings  of  England  by  the  yeare  their  full 
service  of  57.  shippes  at  their  costs  by  the  space  of  fifteene  57-  ^f^}P^  °f 
dayes  at  our  somounce,  or  at  the  somounce  of  our  heires.  p  ?^^  , 
We  have  granted  also  unto  them  of  our  speciall  grace  that  ^^  ^^^^,^  ^^^ 
they  have  Outfangthefe  in  their  lands  within  the  Ports  king  \^. dayes 
aforesayd,  in  the  same  maner  that  Archbishops,  Bishops,  (it  their  owne 
Abbots,  Earles  and  Barons,  have  in  their  manours  in  the  ^^^^^• 
countie  of  Kent.  And  they  be  not  put  in  any  Assises, 
Juries,  or  Recognisances  by  reason  of  their  forreine  tenure 
against  their  will :  and  that  they  be  free  of  all  their  owne 
wines  for  which  they  do  travaile  of  our  right  prise,  that 
is  to  say,  of  one  tunne  before  the  mast,  and  of  another 
behind  the  maste.  We  have  granted  furthermore  unto 
the  said  Barons  for  us  and  our  heires,  that  they  for  ever 
have  this  liberty,  that  is  to  say.  That  we  or  our  heires 
shall  not  have  the  wardship  or  mariages  of  their  heires  by 
reason  of  their  landes,  which  they  holde  within  the 
liberties  and  Portes  aforesayde,  for  the  which  they  doe 
their  service  aforesayd :  and  for  the  which  wee  and  our 
progenitors  had  not  the  wardships  and  mariages  in  time 
past.  But  we  our  aforesayd  confirmation  upon  the 
liberties  and  freedomes  aforesayde,  and  our  grants 
following  to  them  of  our  especiall  grace,  of  newe  have 
caused  to  be  made,  saving  alwaies  in  al  things  our  kingly 
dignitie :  And  saving  unto  us  and  to  our  heires,  plea 
of  our  crowne,  life  and  member.  Wherefore  we  will 
and  surely  command  for  us  and  our  heires  that  the 
aforesaid  Barons  and  their  heires  for  ever  have  all  the 
aforesaid  liberties  and  freedomes,  as  the  aforesaid  Charters 
do  reasonably  testifie.  And  that  of  our  especial  grace 
they  have  outfangthefe  in  their  lands  within  the  Ports 
aforesaid    after    the    maner    that    Archbishops,    Bishops, 

295 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1278. 

Abbots,  Earles  and  Barons  have  in  their  manours  in  the 
county  of  Kent.  And  that  they  be  not  put  in  Assises, 
Juries,  or  Recognisances  by  reason  of  their  forreine 
tenure  against  their  will.  And  that  they  bee  free  of 
their  owne  wines  for  which  they  travaile  of  our  right 
price  or  custome,  that  is  to  say  of  one  tunne  of  wine 
before  the  maste,  and  of  another  tunne  behinde  the 
maste.  And  that  likewise  for  ever  they  have  the  libertie 
aforesayde :  that  is  to  say :  That  wee  and  our  heires 
have  not  the  wardships  or  mariages  of  their  heires  by 
reason  of  their  landes  which  they  holde  within  the  liberties 
and  Portes  aforesayd,  for  which  they  doe  their  service 
aforesaid,  and  for  which  wee  and  our  predecessors  the 
wardships  and  mariages  have  not  had  in  times  past. 
But  our  aforesayd  confirmation  of  their  liberties  and 
freedomes  aforesaid  and  other  grants  following  to  them 
of  our  especiall  grace  of  new  we  have  caused  to  bee 
made.  Saving  alwayes  and  in  all  things  our  regall 
dignity.  And  saving  unto  us  and  our  heires  the  pleas 
of  our  crowne  of  life  and  member  as  is  aforesayd.  These 
being  witnesses,  the  reverend  father  Robert  of  Portuens 
Cardinall  of  the  holie  Church  of  Rome,  frier  WiUiam 
of  Southhampton  Prior  povincial  of  the  friers  preachers 
in  England,  William  of  Valencia  our  uncle,  Roger  of 
the  dead  sea,  Roger  of  Clifford,  Master  Robert  Samuel 
deane  of  Sarum,  Master  Robert  of  Scarborough  the 
Archdeacon  of  East  Riding,  Master  Robert  of  Seyton, 
Bartholomew  of  Southley,  Thomas  of  Wayland,  Walter 
of  Hoptan,  Thomas  of  Normannel,  Steven  of  Pennes- 
ter,  Frances  of  Bonava,  John  of  Lenetotes,  John  of 
Metingham  and  others.  Given  by  our  hand  at  West- 
minster the  fourteenth  day  of  June,  in  the  sixth  yeare 
of  our  reigne. 


296 


THE  FLEET  BEFORE  CALAIS 

The  roll  of  the  huge  fleete  of  Edward  the  third 
before  Calice,  extant  in  the  kings  great  ward- 
robe in  London,  whereby  the  wonderfull 
strength  of  England  by  sea 
may  appeare. 

The  South  fleete, 
'  Shippes       25 


in    those    dayes 


The  Kings 

London 

Aileford 

Hoo 

Maydstonc 

Hope 

New  Hi  the 

Margat 

II  Motue 

Feversham 

Sandwich 

Dover 

Wight 

Winchelsey 

Way  mouth 


2 
24 

2 

24 
2 

2 

59 

5 

49 

15 


)  Mariners  4 1 9 
f  Shippes  25 
\  Mariners  662 
f  Shippes 
I  Mariners 
f  Shippes 
\  Mariners 
f  Shippes 
I  Mariners 
J  Shippes 
)  Mariners 

Shippes 

Mariners 
)  Shippes 
I  Mariners  160 
f  Shippes  2 
I  Mariners  22 
I  Shippes  2 
\  Mariners  25 
(Ships  22 

I  Mariners  504 
\  Ships  16 

)  Mariners  336 

Ships  13 

Mariners  220 
(  Ships  21 

I  Mariners  596 
j  Ships  15 

[Mariners  263 


Lyme 

Seton 

Sydmouth 

Exmouth 

Tegmouth 

Dartmouth 

Portsmouth 


PI 


imou 


th 


Loo 

Yalme 

II  Fowey 

Bristol 

Tenmouth 

Hasting 


25 

3 
62 

10 

93 

7 


Romney 


\  Ships  4 

)  Mariners    62 
I  Ships  2 

I  Mariners 
j  Ships 
I  Mariners 
j  Ships 
\  Mariners 
f  Ships 
)  Mariners  120 
I  Ships  3  I 

(  Mariners  757 
f  Ships  5 

\  Mariners    96 
\  Ships  26 

)  Mariners  603 
f  Ships  20 

I  Mariners  3  1 5 
J  Ships  2 

I  Mariners    47 
Ships  47 

Mariners  770 
(  Ships  22 

]  Mariners  608 
i  Ships  2 

j  Mariners    25 
\  Ships  5 

I  Mariners    96 
Ships  4 

Mariners    (^^ 


A.D. 

c.  1345. 

Thomas  Wal- 
singham 
write  th  y* 
he  had  once 
1 1 00.  strong 
shippes. 


I  Or,  Morne. 

I.  ..9.] 

i  Or,  Foy. 


297 


A.D. 

c.  1345. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


t  Or,  Pad- 
stow. 


Rye 
Hithe 
Shoreham 
XOr,^eford.     J  Soford 

Newmouth 

Hamowl- 
hooke 

Hoke 

Southhamp- 
ton 

Leymington 
Poole 
Warham         < 


Ships  9. 

Manners  156. 
Ships  6. 

Mariners  122, 
Ships  20. 

Mariners  329. 


5- 
80. 


Stockhith. 
[I.   120.] 


Bamburgh 

Newcastle 

Walcrich 

Hertilpoole 

HuU 

Yorke 

Ravenser 


Ships 
Mariners 
Ships  2 

Mariners    18 
Ships  7, 

Mariners  1 17 
Ships  II, 

Mariners  208, 
Ships  21 

Mariners  576 
Ships  9 

Mariners  159, 
Ships  4 

Mariners    94 
Ships  3 

Mariners    59 


Swanzey 

Ilfercombe 

J  Patricke- 
stowe 

Polerwan 

Wadworth 

Kardife 

Bridgwater 

Kaermar- 
then 

Caileches- 
worth 

Mulbrooke 

Summe  of  the 
South  fleete. 


Ships 

Mariners 
(  Ships 
(^  Mariners 
[  Ships 
\  Mariners 

Ships 

Mariners 

Ships 

Mariners 
J  Ships 
(  Mariners 
J  Ships 
I  Mariners 
j  Ships 
(  Mariners 

Ships 

Mariners 

Ships 

Mariners 
Ships  493 

Mariners  9630 


29. 
6. 

79- 

2. 

27. 

I. 
60. 

I. 
14. 

I. 

51- 
I. 

15- 
I. 

16. 

I. 
12. 

I. 

12, 


The  North  fleete. 

I  y<n    •  '  Woodhouse 

(  Mariners      9. 

i  Ships  17. 

Mariners  314. 
Ships  I. 

Mariners     12. 
j  Ships  5. 

(  Mariners  145. 
J  Ships  16. 

(^  Mariners  466. 
( Ships  I. 

I  Mariners      9. 
J  Ships  I. 

(  Mariners    27. 


Strokhithe 

Barton 

Swinefleete 

Saltfleet 

Grimesby 

Waynefleet 


Ships 

Mariners 

Ships 

Mariners 

Ships 

Mariners 

Ships 

Mariners 

Ships 

Mariners 

Ships 

Mariners 

Ships 

Mariners 


I 
22, 

I 
10. 

30- 
I 

1 1 
2, 

49. 

1 1 
171 
2. 

49. 


THE   FLEET   BEFORE   CALAIS 


Wrangle 


j^  Lenne 
Blackney 


l^hips  l'  Mersey 

(  Manners      8.  ^ 

I  Ships  1 6.  Brightling- 

(  Mariners  382.  sey 

J^hips  l'  Colchester 

I  Manners    38. 


Scarborough  |  Mariners 


19. 

43- 


Whitbanes 
Maiden 


r  Ships 
Yernmouth  <  Mariners 

(1950.  or  1075. 
J  Ships  6. 

(  Mariners  102. 
i  Ships  3. 

[Mariners    62. 
j  Ships  13. 

I  Mariners  303. 
j  Ships  14. 

)  Mariners  283. 
(Ships  12. 

[Mariners  239. 

The  summe  totall  of  f  Ships 
all  the  English  fleete\  Mariners 


Donwich 

Orford 

Goford 

Herwich 

Ipswich 


Derwen 


Boston 


Swinhumber 


Barton 

The  Summe 
of  the  North 
fleete. 


J  Ships 
I  Mariners 
J  Ships 
\  Mariners 

Ships 

Mariners 

Ships 

Mariners 

Ships 
I  Mariners 
j  Ships 
I  Mariners 
j  Ships 
(  Mariners  361. 
f Ships  I. 

"[  Mariners    32. 
j  Ships  5. 

[  Mariners    9 1 . 
Ships  217. 

Mariners  4521. 


700. 
14151. 


I. 

6. 

5- 
61. 

5- 

90. 

I. 

17- 

2. 

32. 
I. 

15- 
17- 


Bay  on 

Spayne 

Ireland 


Estrangers  the 

Ships 

Mariners 
j  Ships 
(  Mariners 
f  Ships 
"[  Mariners 


15 

439 

7 

184 

I 

25 


ships  and  mariners, 
i  Ships 


Flanders 
Gelderland 


I  Mariners 
J  Ships 
1  Mariners 


14. 

133- 
I. 

24. 


The  summe  of  all  the  Estrangers 


Ships 
Mariners 


38. 
805. 


A.D. 

c.  1345- 


Nozv  Brkkel- 

sey. 

1  Or,  Linne, 


Or, 

Vermouth, 


THe   summe  of  expenses  aswell  of  wages,   &   prests,  [I.  121.] 
as   for   the   expenses   of  the   kings   houses,  and  for 
other    gifts     and     rewards,    shippes     and     other     things 
necessary    to    the    parties    of    France    and    Normandie, 

299 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES  j 

c-  1345.  I 

and  before  Calice,  during  the  siege  there,  as  it  appeareth 
in    the    accompts    of    William     Norwel    keeper    of    the      \ 
kings    Wardrobe,    from    the    21.    day   of  April    in    the      ! 
18    yeere    of  the    reigne    of    the    said    king,    unto    the      I 
foure  and  twentieth  day  of  November  in   the   one   and 
twentieth   yeere   of   his    reigne,    is    iii.   hundreth   xxxvii. 
thousand  li.  ix.s.  iiii.d. 

A    note    out    of   Thomas   Walsingham    touching  ; 

the     huge     Fleete    of    eleven    hundred    v^ell  | 

furnished  ships  w^herew^ith  king  Edward  the  I 

third    passed    over  unto    Calais   in   the   yeere  j 

1359-  i 

ANno  gratia^  1359.  Johannes  Rex  Francias  sub  umbra      ! 
pacis,    &    dolose    obtulit    Regi    Angliae     Flandriam, 
Picardiam,  Aquitaniam,  aliasque   terras   quas   equitaverat 
&  vastarat :    pro   quibus  omnibus   ratificandis  idem  Rex      ; 
Edwardus    in    Franciam    nuncios    suos    direxit  ;     quibus 
omnibus     Franci     contradixerunt.       Unde    motus     Rex 
Angliae,   celeriter   se   &   suos   praeparavit   ad   transfretan- 
dum,  ducens  secum  principem  Walliae  Edwardum  suum 
primogenitum,    ducem     Henricum     Lancastriae,    &     fere      1 
proceres     omnes,    quos     comitabantur    vel     sequebantur      | 
pcene  mille  currus,  habuitque  apud  Sanwicum  instructas     ' 
optime  undecies  centum  naves,  &  cum  hoc  apparatu  ad      ' 
humiliandum     Francorum     fastum     Franciam     navigavit,      ' 
relicto  domino  Thoma  de  Woodstock  filio   suo  juniore 
admodum    parvulo,    Anglici    regni    custode,    sub    tutela 
tamen. 

The  same  in  English. 

IN  the  yeere  of  our  Lord  1359.  John  the  French  king  \ 
craftily,  and  under  pretence  of  peace,  offered  unto  : 
Edward  the  third  king  of  England,  Flanders,  Picardie,  j 
Gascoigne,  and  other  territories  which  he  had  spoyled 
and  wasted :  for  the  ratifying  of  which  agreement,  the 
foresaid  king  Edward  sent  his  ambassadors  into  France,  : 
but  the  Frenchmen  gainsaied  them  in  all  their  articles  and     | 

300 


NICHOLAS    DE   LYNNA 

demaunds.  Whereupon  the  king  of  England  being  pro- 
voked, speedily  prepared  himselfe  and  his  forces  to  crosse 
the  seas,  carying  with  him  Edward  Prince  of  Wales  his 
heire  apparant,  and  Henry  duke  of  Lancaster  and  almost 
all  his  Nobles,  with  a  thousand  wagons  and  cartes  attend- 
ing upon  them.  And  the  said  king  had  at  Sandwich 
eleven  hundred  ships  exceedingly  well  furnished :  with 
which  preparation  he  passed  over  the  seas,  to  abate 
the  Frenchmens  arrogancie :  leaving  his  yonger  sonne 
Thomas  of  Woodstocke,  being  very  tender  of  age,  as 
his  vicegerent  in  the  Realme  of  England ;  albeit  not 
without  a  protectour,  &c. 

The  voyage  of  Nicholas  de  Lynna  a  Franciscan 
Frier,  and  an  excellent  Mathematician  of 
Oxford,  to  all  the  Regions  situate  under 
the  North  pole,  in  the  yeere  1360.  and  in 
the  raigne  of  Edward  the  3.  king  of 
England. 


A.D. 

1360. 


Uod  ad  descriptionem  partium  Septen- 
trionalium  attinet,  earn  nos  accipimus 
ex  Itinerario  Jacobi  Cnoyen  Buscodu- 
censis,  qui  quaedam  ex  rebus  gestis 
Arthuri  Britanni  citat,  majorem  autem 
partem  &  potiora,  a  Sacerdote  quodam 
apud  Regem  Noruegi^,  An.  Dom.  1364. 
didicit.  Descenderat  is  ex  illis  quos  Arthurus  ad  has 
habitandas  insulas  miserat,  &  referebat,  An.  1360.  Mino- 
ritam  quendam  Anglum  Oxoniensem  Mathematicum  in 
eas  insulas  venisse,  ipsisque  relictis  ad  ulteriora  arte 
Magica  profectum  descripsisse  omnia,  &  Astrolabio 
dimensum  esse  in  banc  subjectam  formam  fere,  uti  ex 
Jacobo  collegimus.  Euripos  illos  quatuor  dicebat  tanto 
impetu  ad  interiorem  voraginem  rapi,  ut  naves  semel 
ingressas  nullo  vento  retroagi  possent,  neque  vero  un- 
quam  tantum  ibi  ventum  esse,  ut  mola?  frumentariae 
circumagends    sufficiat.      Simillima    his    habet     Giraldus 


The  words  of 
Gerardus 
Mercator,  in 
the  foote  of  his 
genei'al  Map^ 
upon  the  de- 
scription of  the 
North  partes. 


T 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1360- 

Cambrensis  (qui  floruit.  An.   12 10.)   in  libro  de  mirabi- 

libus  Hyberniae,  sic  enim  scribit.      Non  procul  ab  insulis 

Hebridibus,    Islandia,    &c.    ex    parte    Boreali,   est    maris 

quasdam    miranda   vorago,    in   quam   a   remotis    partibus 

omnes     undique     fluctus     marini     tanquam    ex    condicto 

fluuntj  &  recurrunt,  qui  in  secreta  naturae  penetralia  se 

ibi  transfundentes,  quasi  in  Abyssum  vorantur.     Si  vero 

navem  hac  forte  transire  contigerit,  tanta  rapitur,  &  attra- 

hitur  fluctuum  violentia,  ut  earn  statim  irrevocabiliter  vis 

voracitatis  absorbeat. 

Quatuor  voragines  hujus  Oceani,  a  quatuor  oppositis 

mundi    partibus     Philosophi     describunt,    unde    &    tarn 

marinos    fluctus,     quam     &     ^Eolicos     flatus     causaliter 

pervenire  nonnulli  conjectant, 

[I.  122.]  The  same  in   English. 

Ouching  the  description  of  the  North  partes,  I  have 
taken  the  same  out  of  the  voyage  of  James  Cnoyen 
of  Hartzevan  Buske,  which  alleageth  certaine  conquests 
of  Arthur  king  of  Britaine :  and  the  most  part,  and 
chiefest  things  among  the  rest,  he  learned  of  a  certaine 
priest  in  the  king  of  Norwayes  court,  in  the  yeere  1364. 
This  priest  was  descended  from  them  which  king  Arthur 
had  sent  to  inhabite  these  Islands,  and  he  reported  that  in 
the  yeere  1360,  a  certaine  English  Frier,  a  Franciscan, 
and  a  Mathematician  of  Oxford,  came  into  those  Islands, 
who  leaving  them,  and  passing  further  by  his  Magicall 
Arte,  described  all  those  places  that  he  sawe,  and  tooke 
the  height  of  them  with  his  Astrolabe,  according  to  the 
forme  that  I  (Gerard  Mercator)  have  set  downe  in  my 
mappe,  and  as  I  have  taken  it  out  of  the  aforesaid  James 
Cnoyen.  Hee  sayd  that  those  foure  Indraughts  were 
drawne  into  an  inward  gulfe  or  whirlepoole,  with  so  great 
a  force,  that  the  ships  which  once  entred  therein,  could 
by  no  meanes  be  driven  backe  againe,  and  that  there  is 
never  in  those  parts  so  much  winde  blowing,  as  might  be 
sufficient  to  drive  a  Corne  mill. 

Giraldus  Cambrensis  (who  florished  in  the  yeere  12 10, 

302 


ii 


NICHOLAS   DE   LYNNA 

under  king  John)  in  his  booke  of  the  miracles  of  Ireland, 
hath  certaine  words  altogether  alike  with  these,   videlicet : 

Not  farre  from  these  Islands  (namely  the  Hebrides, 
Island  &c.)  towards  the  North  there  is  a  certaine 
woonderful  whirlpoole  of  the  sea,  whereinto  all  the  waves 
of  the  sea  from  farre  have  their  course  and  recourse,  as  it 
were  without  stoppe :  which,  there  conveying  themselves 
into  the  secret  receptacles  of  nature,  are  swallowed  up,  as 
it  were,  into  a  bottomlesse  pit,  and  if  it  chance  that  any 
shippe  doe  passe  this  way,  it  is  pulled,  and  drawen  with 
such  a  violence  of  the  waves,  that  eftsoones  without 
remedy,  the  force  of  the  whirlepoole  devoureth  the  same. 

The  Philosophers  describe  foure  indraughts  of  this 
Ocean  sea,  in  the  foure  opposite  quarters  of  the  world, 
from  whence  many  doe  conjecture  that  as  well  the  flowing 
of  the  sea,  as  the  blasts  of  the  winde,  have  their  first 
originall. 


A.D. 

1360. 


There  Is  a  no- 
table whirle- 
poole on  the 
coast  ofNor- 
zvay,  called 
Malestrande^ 
about  the  lati- 
tude of  6^. 


A  Testimonie  of  the  learned  Mathematician 
master  John  Dee,  touching  the  foresaid 
voyage   of   Nicholas    De    Linna. 

Nno  1360.  (that  is  to  wit,  in  the  34.  yeere 
of  the  reigne  of  the  triumphant  king 
Edward  the  third)  a  frier  of  Oxford,  being 
a  good  Astronomer,  went  in  companie 
with  others  to  the  most  Northren  Islands 
of  the  world,  and  there  leaving  his  com- 
pany together,  hee  travailed  alone,  and 
purposely  described  all  the  Northerne  Islands,  with  the 
indrawing  seas  :  and  the  record  thereof  at  his  returne  he 
delivered  to  the  king  of  England.  The  name  of  which 
booke  is  Inventio  Fortunata  (aliter  fortunae)  qui  liber  Inventlo 
incipit  a  gradu  54.  usque  ad  polum.  Which  frier  for  fortunata. 
sundry  purposes  after  that  did  five  times  passe  from 
England  thither,  and  home  againe. 

It   is  to  be  noted,  that   from   the  haven   of  Linne  in 
Norfolke  (whereof  the  foresaid  Francisan  frier  tooke  his 


A.D. 
1360. 


An.  2.  y 

Edwardi 
tertii. 


An.  Dom. 
1390. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

name)  to  Island,  it  is  not  above  a  fortnights  sailing  with 
an  ordinarie  winde,  and  hath  bene  of  many  yeeres  a 
very  common  and  usuall  trade :  which  further  appeareth 
by  the  privileges  granted  to  the  Fishermen  of  the  towne 
of  Blacknie  in  the  said  Countie  of  Norfolke,  by  king 
Edward  the  third,  for  their  exemption  and  freedome  from 
his  ordinary  service,  in  respect  of  their  trade  to  Island. 

The  voyage  of  Henry  Earle  of  Derbie,  after 
Duke  of  Hereford,  and  lastly  king  of  Eng- 
land, by  the  name  of  Henry  the  fourth,, 
An.  Dom.  1390.  into  Prussia  and  Lettov^e, 
against  the  infidels,  recorded  by  Thomas  of 
Walsingham. 

Ominus  Henricus  Comes  de  Derbie  per 
idem  tempus  profectus  est  in  le  Pruys, 
ubi  cum  adjutorio  marescalli  diets  patriae, 
&  cujusdam  Regis  vocati  Wytot  devicit 
exercitum  Regis  de  Lettowe,  captis  qua- 
tuor  ducibus,  &  tribus  peremptis,  & 
amplius  quam  trecentis,  de  valentioribus 
exercitus  supradicti  pariter  interemptis.  Civitas  quoque 
\\  Alias  Vilna.  vocatur  il  Will,  in  cujus  castellum  Rex  de  Lettowe  nomine 
Skirgalle  confugerat,  potenti  virtute  dicti  Comitis  maxime, 
[I.  123.]  atque  suorum  capta  est.  Namque  qui  fuerunt  de  familia 
sua  primi  murum  ascenderant,  &  vexillum  ejus  super 
muros,  ceteris  vel  torpentibus  vel  ignorantibus,  posuerunt. 
Captaque  sunt  ibi  vel  occisa  quatuor  millia  plebanorum, 
fratre  Regis  de  Poleyn  inter  caeteros  ibi  perempto,  qui 
adversarius  nostri  fuit.  Obsessumque  fuit  castrum  dictae 
Civitatis  per  quinque  hebdomadas  :  Sed  propter  infirmi- 
tates,  quibus  vexabatur  exercitus  magistri  de  Pruys  &  de 
Lifland  noluerunt  diutius  expectare.  Facti  sunt  Christiani 
de  gente  de  Lettowe  octo.  Et  magister  de  Lifland  duxit 
secum  in  suam  patriam  tria  millia  captivorum. 


304 


HENRY   EARL    OF   DERBY  ad. 

1390. 

The  same   in    English. 

A  Bout  the  same  time  L.  Henry  the  Earle  of  Derbie 
travailed  into  Prussia,  where,  with  the  helpe  of  the 
Marshall  of  the  same  Province,  and  of  a  certaine  king 
called  Wytot,  hee  vanquished  the  armie  of  the  king  of 
Lettowe,  with  the  captivitie  of  foure  Lithuanian  Dukes, 
and  the  slaughter  of  three,  besides  more  then  three 
hundred  of  the  principall  common  souldiers  of  the  sayd 
armie  which  were  slaine.  The  Citie  also  which  is  called 
Wil  or  Vilna,  into  the  castle  whereof  the  king  of  Lettow 
named  Skirgalle  fled  for  his  savegard,  was,  by  the  valour 
of  the  sayd  Earle  especially  and  of  his  followers,  sur- 
prised and  taken.  For  certaine  of  the  chiefs  men  of  his 
familie,  while  others  were  slouthfuU  or  at  least  ignorant  of 
their  intent,  skaling  the  walles,  advanced  his  colours  there- 
upon. And  there  were  taken  and  slaine  foure  thousand 
of  the  common  souldiers,  and  amongst  others  was  slaine 
the  king  of  Poland  his  brother,  who  was  our  professed 
enemie.  And  the  castle  of  the  foresaid  Citie  was  besieged 
for  the  space  of  five  weekes :  but  by  reason  of  the  infir- 
mities and  inconveniences  wherewith  the  whole  armie  was 
annoyed,  the  great  masters  of  Prussia  and  of  Lifland 
would  not  stay  any  longer.  There  were  converted  of  the 
nation  of  Lettowe  eight  persons  unto  the  Christian  faith. 
And  the  master  of  Lifland  carried  home  with  him  into  his 
countrey  three  thousand  captives. 


[The  voyage 
305  u 


A.D. 


II  Filius  natu 
minimus 
Edwardi  3. 


Reditus. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

The  voyage  of  Thomas  of  Woodstocke  Duke  of 
Glocester  into  Prussia,  in  the  yeere  1391. 
written   by  Thomas  Walsingham. 

Odem  tempore  dux  Glovernias  Dominus 
II  Thomas  de  Woodstock,  multis  moerenti- 
bus,  iter  apparavit  versus  le  Pruys  :  quern 
non  Londinensium  gemitus,  non  com- 
munis vulgi  moeror  retinere  poterant,  quin 
proficisci  vellet.  Nam  plebs  communis 
tam  Urbana  quam  rustica  metuebant  quod 
eo  absente  aliquod  novum  detrimentum  succresceret,  quo 
prassente  nihil  tale  timebant.  Siquidem  in  eo  spes  & 
solatium  totius  patrias  reposita  videbantur.  Ipse  vero  mox, 
ut  fines  patrias  suae  transiit,  illico  adversa  agitatus  fortuna, 
nunc  hac  nunc  iliac  turbinibus  procellosis  circumfertur ;  & 
in  tantum  destituitur,  ut  de  vita  etiam  desperaret.  Tan- 
dem post  Daciam,  post  Norwagiam,  post  Scoticam  bar- 
bariem  non  sine  mortis  pavore  transcursam,  pervenit 
Northumbriam,  &  ad  castellum  se  contulit  de  Tinnemutha 
velut  assylum  antiquitus  notum  sibi :  ubi  per  aliquot  dies 
recreatus,  iter  assumpsit  versus  manerium  suum  de 
Plashy,  magnum  apportans  gaudium  toti  regno,  tam  de 
ejus  evasione,  quam  de  adventu  suo. 

The  same  in   English. 

AT  the  same  time  the  Duke  of  Glocester  Lord  Thomas 
of  Woodstock  (the  yongest  sonne  of  Edward  the 
third)  to  the  great  griefe  of  many,  tooke  his  journey 
towards  Prussia :  whom  neither  the  Londoners  mones  nor 
yet  the  lamentation  of  the  communaltie  could  restraine 
from  his  intended  expedition.  For  the  common  people 
both  of  the  Citie  and  of  the  countrey  feared  lest  in  his 
absence  some  newe  calamitie  might  happen ;  which  they 
feared  not  while  he  was  present.  For  in  him  the  whole 
nation  seemed  to  repose  their  hope  and  comfort.  Howbeit 
having    skarce   passed    as   yet    the   bounds    of   his   owne 

306 


GEOFREY   CHAUCER  a.d. 

1402. 

countrey,  he  was  immediatly  by  hard  fortune  tossed  up 
and  downe  with  dangerous  stormes  and  tempests,  and  was 
brought  into  such  distresse,  that  he  despaired  even  of  his 
owne  life.  At  length,  having  not  without  danger  of 
death,  sailed  along  the  coastes  of  Denmarke,  Norway,  and 
Scotland,  he  returned  into  Northumberland,  and  went  to 
the  castle  of  Tinmouth  as  unto  a  place  of  refuge  knowen 
of  olde  unto  him  :  where,  after  hee  had  refreshed  himselfe 
a  fewe  dayes,  hee  tooke  his  journey  toward  his  Mannour 
of  Plashy,  bringing  great  joy  unto  the  whole  kingdome, 
aswell  in  reo^ard  of  his  safetie  as  of  his  returne. 

The  verses  of  Geofrey  Chaucer  in  the  knights  [I-  124.] 
Prologue,  who  living  in  the  yeere  1402.  (as 
hee  writeth  himselfe  in  his  Epistle  of  Cupide) 
shewed  that  the  English  Knights  after  the 
losse  of  Aeon,  were  wont  in  his  time  to 
travaile  into  Prussia  and  Lettowe,  and  other 
heathen  lands,  to  advance  the  Christian  faith 
against  Infidels  and  miscreants,  and  to  seeke 
honour  by  feats   of   armes. 

The  English    Knights   Prologue. 

Knight  there  was,  and  that  a  worthie  man, 

that  from  the  time  that  he  first  began 

to  riden  out,  he  loved  Chevalrie, 
trouth,  honour,  freedome,  and  Curtesie. 
full  worthy  was  he  in  his  lords  warre : 
and  thereto  had  hee  ridden  no  man  farre, 

As  well  in  Christendome  as  in  Heathennesse,  Long  travaile. 

and  ever  had  honour  for  his  worthinesse. 

At  Alisandre  hee  was,  when  it  was  wonne :  Alexandria, 

full  oft  time  hee  had  the  bourd  begon 
aboven  all  nations  in  Pruce, 

In  Lettowe  had  hee  riden,  and  in   Ruce,  Lettozve,Ruce, 

no  Christen  man  so  oft  of  his  degree  : 
In  Granade  at  the  siege  had  he  bee 

307 


A.D. 

.1402. 
AlgcLcr  in 
Granado. 
Layas  in 
Armenia. 
Froysart.  lib. 
3.  cap.  40. 
Satalie  in  the 
mayne  of  Asia 
neere  Rhods. 
Tremisen  is  in 
Barbarie. 
II  Or,  Palice 
Froysart  lib. 
3.  cap.  40. 
Turkie. 
The  time 
when  Chaucer 
wrote,  is  thus 
mentioned  in 
the  end  of 
his  letter  of 
Cupide. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

At  Algezer :    and  ridden  in  Belmarye : 

At  Leyes  was  hee,  and  also  at  Satalye, 

When  they  were  wonne :    and  in  the  great  see 

at  many  a  Noble  armie  had  hee  bee. 

At  mortall  battailes  had  he  bin  fifteene, 

And  foughten  for  our  faith  at  Tramissen, 

in  listes  thries,  and  aye  slayne  his  foe  : 

This  ilke  worthie  Knight  had  bin  also, 
sometime  with  the  lord  of  II  Palathye 
ayenst  another  Heathen  in  Turkie. 

Written  in  the  lustie  moneth  of  May 
in  our  Palace,  where  many  a  million 
of  lovers  true  have  habitation. 
The  yeere  of  grace  joyfull  and  jocond, 
a  thousand,  foure  hundred  and  second. 

The    original,    proceedings    and    successe    of    the 

Northren    domestical    and  forren   trades  and   traf- 

fiques  of  this  Isle  of  Britain  from  the  time  of  Nero 

the  Emperour,  who  deceased  in  the  yeere  of  our 

Lord  70.  under  the  Romans,  Britons,  Saxons,  and 

Danes,  till  the  conquest :  and  from  the  conquest, 

untill  this  present  time,  gathered  out  of 

the   most   authenticall   histories 

and   records    of  this 

nation. 

A  testimonie  out  of  the  fourteenth  Booke  of  the 
Annales  of  Cornelius  Tacitus,  prooving  London 
to  have  bene  a  famous  Mart  Towne  in  the 
reigne  of  Nero  the  Emperour,  v^hich  died  in 
the  yeere  of  Christ  70. 

T   Suetonius   mira  constantia   medios   inter  hostes 
Londinium   perrexit,  cognomento  quidem  coloniae 
non  insigne,  sed  copia  negociatorum  &  commeatu 
maxime  celebre. 

308 


1 


GREAT  TRAFFIC  OF  LONDON        a.d. 

604. 

The  same  in   English. 

BUt     Suetonius     with    wonderfull     constancie     passed 
through   the   middest  of  his  enemies,  unto  London, 
which   though  it  were  not  honoured  with  the  name  and 
title  of  a  Romane  Colonie,  yet  was  it  most  famous  for  [i,  125.] 
multitude  of  Marchants  and  concourse  of  people. 

A   testimonie  out  of  Venerable  Beda  (which  died  ^^'^^  Ealesi- 
in    the    yeere    of    our    Lord     734.)     prooving  centis  Jngh- 
London  to  have  bene  a  Citie  of  great   traffike  rum  lib.  2. 
and  Marchandize  not  long  after  the  beginning  '^^^'  ^' 
of  the  Saxons  reigne. 


Nno  Dominies  incarnationis  sexcentesimo  quarto 
Augustinus  Britanniarum  Archiepiscopus  ordinavit 
duos  Episcopos,  Mellitum  videlicet  &  Justum  : 
Mellitum  quidem  ad  praedicandum  provinciae  Orientalium 
Saxonum,  qui  Tamesi  fluvio  dirimuntur  a  Cantia,  &  ipsi 
Orientali  Mari  contigui,  quorum  Metropolis  Londonia 
Civitas  est,  super  ripam  praefati  fluminis  posita,  &  ipsa 
multorum  emporium  populorum,  terra  marique  venien- 
tium. 

The  same  in  English. 

IN  the  yeere  of  the  incarnation  of  Christ  604.  Augus- 
tine Archbishop  of  Britaine  consecrated  two  Bishops, 
to  wit  Mellitus  and  Justus.  He  appoynted  Mellitus  to 
preach  to  the  East  Saxons,  which  are  divided  from  Kent 
by  the  river  of  Thames,  and  border  upon  the  Easterne 
sea,  whose  chiefe  and  Metropolitane  Citie  is  London, 
seated  upon  the  banke  of  the  aforesayd  river,  which  is 
also  a  Marte  Towne  of  many  nations,  which  repayre 
thither  by  sea  and  by  land. 


[The  league 
309 


AD. 

c.  795. 


MalmsbuK  de 
gestis  Regum 
Anglorum  lib, 
I.  cap.  4. 


Navigatio 
interdicta. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

The  league  betweene  Carolus  Magnus  and  OfFa 
King  of  Mercia  concerning  safe  trade  of  the 
EngUsh  Marchants  in  all  the  Emperours 
Dominion.  This  OfFa  died  in  the  yeere  of 
our  Lord  795. 


Negoctatorum 
Anglicanoriim 
patrocin'ium. 


Regem 


Ffa  interea  Carolum  magnum 
Francorum  frequentibus  legationibus 
amicum  paravit :  quamvis  non  facile  quod 
suis  artibus  conduceret  in  Caroli  animo 
invenerit.  Discordarunt  antea,  adeo  ut 
magnis  motibus  utrobique  concurrentibus, 
etiam  negociatorum  commeatus  prohiber- 
entur.  Est  Epistola  Albini  hujusce  rei  index,  cujus 
partem  hie  apponam. 

Nesico  quid  de  nobis  venturum  sit.  Aliquid  enim 
dissentionis  diabolico  fomento  inflammante,  nuper  inter 
Regem  Carolum  &  Regem  Offam  exortum  est :  ita  ut 
utrinque  navigatio  interdicta  negociantibus  cesset.  Sunt 
qui  dicant  nos  pro  pace  in  illas  partes  mittendos.  Et 
nonnullis  interpositis,  Nunc,  inquit,  ex  verbis  Caroli 
fcedus  firmum  inter  eum  &  OfFam  compactum  subjiciam. 
Carolus  gratia  Dei  Rex  Francorum,  &  Longobardorum, 
&  patricius  Romanorum,  viro  venerando  &  fratri 
charissimo  Offae  Regi  Merciorum  salutem.  Primo 
gratias  agimus  omnipotent!  deo,  de  salute  animarum,  de 
Catholicas  fidei  sinceritate,  quam  in  vestris  laudabiliter 
paginis  reperimus  exaratam.  De  peregrinis  vero  qui  pro 
amore  Dei,  &  salute  animarum  suarum  beatorum  Aposto- 
lorum  limina  desiderant  adire,  cum  pace  sine  omni 
perturbatione  vadant.  Sed  si  aliqui,  non  religioni  ser- 
vientes,  sed  lucra  sectantes,  inveniantur  inter  eos,  locis 
opportunis  statuta  solvant  telonia.  Negociatores  quoque 
volumus  ut  ex  mandato  nostro  patrocinium  habeant  in 
Regno  nostro  legitime.  Et  si  aliquo  loco  injusta 
affligantur  oppressione,  reclament  ad  nos  vel  nostros 
judices,  &  plenam  videbimus  justitiam  fieri. 

310 


CAROLUS    MAGNUS   AND    OFFA  ad. 

c.  795. 

The  same  in  English. 

IN  the  meane  season  Offa  by  often  legacies  solicited 
Charles  le  maigne  the  king  of  France,  to  be  his  friend : 
albeit  he  could  not  easily  finde  king  Charles  any  whit 
enclined  to  further  and  promote  his  craftie  attempts. 
Their  mindes  were  so  alienated  before,  that,  bearing  hauty 
stomacks  on  both  parts,  even  the  mutuall  traffique  of  Traffique 
their  Marchants  was  prohibited.  The  Epistle  of  Albinus  P"-'^'^'''^- 
is  a  sufficient  testimony  of  this  matter :  part  whereof  I 
will  here  put  downe. 

I  know  not  (quoth  he)  what  will  become  of  us.      For 
there   is  of  late,  by  the   instigation  of  the   devill,  some 
discord  and  variance   sprung  up   betweene   king   Charles 
and    king    Offa:    insomuch    that    sailing    to    and    fro    is  [I.  126.] 
forbidden  unto  the  Marchants  of  both  their  dominions.  Navigaiion 
Some  say  that  we  are  to  be  sent,  for  the  obtaining  of  a  fi^^^^'^^^- 
peace,  into  those  partes.     And  againe,  after  a  fewe  lines. 
Nowe  (quoth  he)  out  of  Charles  his  owne  words,  I  will  ^  ^^^S^^  ^^~ 
make  report  of  the  league  concluded  betweene  him  and  ^^^\  T^' 
Offa.  Qff-a, 

Charles  by  the  grace  of  God  king  of  the  Franks  and 
Lombards  and  Senatour  of  the  Romanes,  unto  the  reverend 
and  his  most  deare  brother  Offa  king  of  the  Mercians 
sendeth  greeting.  First  we  doe  render  unto  almightie 
God  most  humble  thankes  for  the  salvation  of  soules,  and 
the  sinceritie  of  the  Catholique  faith,  which  we,  to  your 
great  commendation,  have  found  signified  in  your  letters. 
As  touching  those  pilgrimes,  who  for  the  love  of  God 
and  their  owne  soules  health,  are  desirous  to  resort  unto 
the  Churches  of  the  holy  Apostles,  let  them  goe  in  peace 
without  all  disturbance.  But  if  any  be  found  amongst 
them  not  honouring  religion,  but  following  their  owne 
gaine,  they  are  to  pay  their  ordinarie  customes  at  places 
convenient.  It  is  our  pleasure  also  and  commandement,  Protection  of 
that   your   marchants    shall    have    lawfull    patronage    and  ^^^^^f^^^^ 

^   •'  ■        '  1        •    •  Txn         -r  •       ^  1  1  Marchants. 

protection  in  our  dominions.      Who,  it  in  any  place  they 
chance  to  be  afflicted  with  any  injust  oppression,  let  them 

311 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH  VOYAGES 

C.795. 

make  their  supplication  unto  us,  or  unto  our  Judges,  and 
we  will  see  justice  executed  to  the  full. 

An  ancient  testimonie  translated  out  of  the  olde 
Saxon  lawes,  containing  among  other  things 
the  advancement  of  Marchants  for  their  thrise 
crossing  the  wide  seas,  set  downe  by  the 
learned  Gentleman  Master  William  Lambert 
pagina  500.  of  his  perambulation  of  Kent. 

IT  was  sometime  in  English  lawes,  that  the  people  and 
the  lawes  were  in  reputation :  and  then  were  the 
wisest  of  the  people  worship-worthy,  every  one  after 
his  degree :  Earle,  and  Churle,  Thein,  and  under-Thein. 
And  if  a  churle  thrived  so,  that  hee  had  fully  five  hides 
of  his  owne  land,  a  Church  and  a  Kitchin,  a  Belhouse, 
and  a  gate,  a  seate,  and  a  severall  office  in  the  Kings 
hall,  then  was  he  thenceforth  the  Theins  right  worthy. 
And  if  a  Thein  so  thrived,  that  he  served  the  king,  and 
on  his  message  rid  in  his  houshold,  if  he  then  had  a 
Thein  that  followed  him,  the  which  to  the  kings  journey 
five  hides  had,  and  in  the  kings  seate  his  Lord  served, 
and  thrise  with  his  errand  had  gone  to  the  king,  he 
might  afterward  with  his  foreoth  his  lords  part  play  at 
any  great  neede.  And  if  a  Thein  did  thrive  so,  that 
he  became  an  Earle;  then  was  he  afterward  an  Earles 
right  worthie.  And  if  a  Marchant  so  thrived,  that  he 
passed  thrise  over  the  wide  seas,  of  his  owne  craft,  he 
was  thencefoorth  a  Theins  right  worthie.  And  if  a 
scholar  so  prospered  thorow  learning  that  he  degree 
had,  and  served  Christ,  he  was  then  afterward  of  dig- 
nitie  and  peace  so  much  worthie,  as  thereunto  belonged : 
unlesse  he  forfaited  so,  that  he  the  use  of  his  degree 
use  ne  might. 


312 


1 


KING   CANUTE  ajd 

c.  1027. 

A   testimonie  of  certaine   priviledges   obtained   for  William  of 
the  English  and   Danish   Marchants  of  Con-  ^''l'^'^-^^ 
radus    the    Emperour   and   John    the    Bishop  g^^^i^  Regum 
of  Rome   by   Canutus  the    King  of  England  Anglorum. 
in   his  journey  to   Rome,  extracted    out   of  a 
letter   of   his  written    unto    the    Cleargie    of 
England. 


It  vobis  notum  quia  magna  congregatio 
nobilum  in  ipsa  solemnitate  Pascali, 
Romae  cum  Domino  Papa  Joanne,  & 
imperatore  Conrado  erat,  scilicet  omnes 
principes  gentium  a  monte  Gargano, 
usque  ad  istum  proximum  Mare  :  qui 
omnes  me  &  honorifice  suscepere,  & 
magnificis  donis  honoravere.  Maxime  autem  ab  im- 
peratore donis  variis  &  muneribus  pretiosis  honoratus 
sum,  tam  in  vasis  aureis  &  argenteis,  quam  in  palliis  & 
vestibus  valde  pretiosis.  Locutus  sum  igitur  cum  ipso 
imperatore,  &  Domino  Papa,  &  principibus  qui  ibi 
erant,  de  necessitatibus  totius  populi  mei,  tam  Angli 
quam  Dani,  ut  eis  concederetur  lex  aequior,  &  pax 
securior  in  via  Romam  adeundi,  &  ne  tot  clausuris 
per  viam  arcerentur,  &  propter  injustum  teloneum 
fatigarentur.  Annuitque  postulatis  Imperator,  &  Rodul- 
phus  Rex,  qui  maxime  ipsarum  clausurarum  dominatur, 
cunctique  principes  edictis  firmarunt,  ut  homines  mei 
tam  Mercatores,  quam  alii  orandi  gratia  viatores,  absque 
omni  anguria  clausurarum  &  teloneariorum,  cum  firma 
pace  Romam  eant  &  redeant. 

The  same  in   English.  [I.  127.] 

YOu  are   to   understand,  that  at   the  feast  of  Easter, 
there  was   a  great    company  of   Nobles  with    Pope 
John  and  Conradus  the  Emperour  assembled  at  Rome,  ^^^&^^j^^  ^ 

■,  „       ,         T--*  •  r       1  •  r  mountaine  of 

namely   all    the    Prmces    or    the    nations     rrom     mount  ^w^^  in 
Garganus  unto  the  West  Ocean  sea.     Who  all  of  them  italie. 


A.D. 

c.  1027. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

honourably  interteined  me,  and  welcomed  mee  with  rich 
and  magnificent  gifts :  but  especially  the  Emperour 
bestowed  divers  costly  presents  and  rewards  upon  mee, 
both  in  vessels  of  golde  and  silver,  and  also  in  cloakes 
and  garments  of  great  value.  Wherefore  I  conferred 
with  the  Emperour  himselfe  and  the  Pope,  and  with 
the  other  Princes  who  were  there  present,  concerning  the 
necessities  of  all  my  subjects  both  Englishmen  and 
Danes ;  that  a  more  favourable  law  &  secure  peace  in 
their  way  to  Rome  might  bee  graunted  unto  them,  and 
that  they  might  not  bee  hindered  by  so  many  stops 
&  impediments  in  their  journey,  and  wearied  by  reason 
of  injust  exactions.  And  the  Emperour  condescended 
unto  my  request,  and  King  Rodulphus  also,  who  hath 
greatest  authoritie  over  the  foresaid  stops  and  streights, 
and  all  the  other  princes  confirmed  by  their  Edicts, 
that  my  subjects,  as  well  Marchants,  as  others  who 
travailed  for  devotions  sake,  should  without  all  hinder- 
ance  and  restraint  of  the  foresaid  stops  and  customers, 
goe  unto  Rome  in  peace,  and  returne  from  thence  in 
safetie. 


Gullel. 
Malmesb.  de 
gestis  pont. 
Anglorum  lib. 
2. 


The  flourishing  state  of  Marchandise  in  the  Citie 
of  London  in  the  dayes  of  Willielmus  Mal- 
mesburiensis,  which  died  in  the  yeere  1142. 
in   the   reigne   of  K.    Stephen. 


Aud  longe  a  Rofa  quasi  viginti  quinque  milliariis 
est     Londonia     Civitas     nobilis,     opima     civium 


^   divitiis,    constipata   negociatorum  ex   omni    terra. 


&  maxime  ex  Germania  venientium,  commerciis.  Unde 
fit  ut  cum  ubique  in  Anglia  caritas  victualium  pro  sterili 
proventu  messium  sit,  ibi  necessaria  distrahantur  &  eman- 
tur  minore,  quam  alibi,  vel  vendentium  compendio, 
vel  ementium  dispendio.  Peregrinas  invehit  merces 
Civitatis  finibus  Tamesis  fluvius  famosus,  qui  citra  urbem 
ad  80.  milliaria  fonticulo  fusus,  ultra  plus  70.  nomen 
profert. 

314 


,1 

i 

THE   TRAFFIC   TO   BRISTOL  ad.  | 

c.  1 140.  \ 

The   same   in   English.  ; 

NOt    farre    from    Rochester,    about    the    distance    of 
five    and    twenty   miles,   standeth    the    Noble    Citie  \ 

of  London,   abounding   with    the   riches   of  the   inhabi-  j 

tants,   and   being  frequented  with  the   traffique  of  Mar- 
chants  resorting  thither  out  of  all  nations,  and  especially  j 
out  of  Germanie.     Whereupon  it  commeth  to  passe,  that  Germanie.  ! 
when  any  generall  dearth  of  victuals  falleth  out  in  Eng-  \ 
land,  by  reason  of  the  scarcitie  of  corne,  things  necessary  ■ 
may  there  be  provided  and  bought  with  lesse  gaine  unto                                \ 
the  sellers,  and  with  lesse  hinderance  and  losse  unto  the                                \ 
buyers,   then   in   any   other  place   of  the   Realme.     Out- 
landish wares  are  conveighed   into  the  same  Citie  by  the                                : 
famous  river  of  Thames  :   which  river  springing  out  of 
a  fountaine  80.  miles  beyond  the  Citie,  is  called  by  one                               i 
and  the  selfe  same  name.  70.  miles  beneath  it.                                                     j 

The   aforesaid  William  of  Malmesburie  v^riteth  of  \ 

traffike  in  his  time  to  Bristowe  in  his  fourth  •■ 

booke   de   gestis  pontificum  Anglorum,   after 
this  maner. 

N  eadem  valle  est  vicus  celeberrimus  Bristow 
nomine,  in  quo  est  navium  portus  ab  Hiber- 
nia    &    Norwegia    &    caeteris    transmarinis    terris 


venientium   receptaculum,   ne   scilicet  genitalibus  divitiis 
j  tam    fortunata    regio     peregrinarum     opum     frauderetur 


!  commercio. 


The  same  in   English. 

IN  the  same  valley  stands  the  famous  Towne  of 
Bristow,  with  an  Haven  belonging  thereunto,  which 
is  a  commodious  and  safe  receptacle  for  all  ships  directing 
their  course  for  the  same,  from  Ireland,  Norway,  and  Norway. 
other  outlandish  and  foren  countreys :  namely  that  a 
region  so  fortunate  and  blessed  with  the  riches  that 
nature  hath  vouchsafed  thereupon  should  not  bee  desti- 
tute of  the  wealth  and  commodities  of  other  lands. 

315 


A.D. 
II57. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


[I.  128.]  The  league  betweene  Henry  the  second  and 
Fredericke  Barbarossa  Emperour  of  Ger- 
manie,  wherein  is  mention  of  friendly 
traffike  betweene  the  Marchants  of  the 
Empire  and  England,  confirmed  in  the 
yeere  of  our  Lord  11 57.  recorded  in  the 
first  Booke  and  seventeenth  Chapter  of 
Radevicus  Canonicus  Frisingensis,  being  an 
appendix   to   Otto   Frisingensis. 

Bidem   tunc   affuere   etiam    Henrici  Regis 

Angliae   missi,   varia    &    preciosa   donaria 

multo    lepore  verborum    adornata    praes- 

tantes.       Inter     quse     papilionem     unum 

quantitate  maximum,  qualitate   optimum 

perspeximus.       Cujus      si       quantitatem 

requiris,    non    nisi    machinis    &     instru- 

mentorum  genere  &  adminiculo  levari  poterat :    si  quali- 

tatem,   nee   materia    nee    opere    ipsum    putem    aliquando 

ab  aliquo  hujusce  apparatu  superatum  iri.     Literas  quo- 

que  mellito  sermone  plenas  pariter  direxerat,  quarum  hie 

tenor  fuit.     Prascordiali  amico  sue,  Frederico  Dei  gratia 

Romanorum     imperatori     invictissimo,     Henricus      Rex 

Anglias,     dux     Normanniae,     &     Aquitanias,     &     Comes 

Andegavensis,  salutem,  &   veras    dilectionis    concordiam. 

Excellentiae   vestrae   quantas   possumus   referimus   grates, 

dominantium    optime,   quod   nos   nunciis  vestris  visitare, 

salutare  Uteris,  muneribus  praevenire,  &  quod  his  charius 

amplectimur,    pacis    &    amoris     invicem     dignatus     estis 

foedera  inchoare.     Exultavimus,  &  quodammodo  animum 

nobis  crescere,  &   in   majus   sensimus  evehi  dum  vestra 

promissio,   in    qua    nobis   spem   dedistis,    in    disponendis 

Regni  nostri  negociis,  alacriores   nos  reddidit,  &  promp- 

tiores.     Exultavimus     inquam,    &    tota    mente    magnifi- 

centiae    vestrae    assurreximus,    id   vobis   in   sincere   cordis 

afFectu  respondentes,  quod  quicquid  ad  honorem  vestrum 

spectare  noverimus,  pro  posse   nostro  effectui  mancipare 

316 


I 


HENRY   II.   AND    BARBAROSSA  ad. 

1157. 

parati    sumus.      Regnum    nostrum,   &   quicquld   ubique 

nostras     subjicitur    ditioni    vobis    exponimus    &    vestrae 

committimus    potestati,    ut    ad    vestrum    nutum     omnia 

disponantur,  &  in   omnibus  vestri   fiat  voluntas  imperii. 

Sit    igitur   inter    nos    &    populos    nostros    dilectionis    &   Commercia 

pacis    unitas     indivisa,    commercia    tuta  :     Ita    tamen    ut  "^^^',  ,  ^'^f" 
^    ,  .  ....  '         .        .      .  J  •  1  ..nos<5  Anglos. 

vobis,  qui  dignitate  praemmetis,  imperandi  cedat  autnori- 

tas,    nobis    non    deerit   voluntas    obsequendi.       Et    sicut 

vestras   Serenitatis  memoriam  vestrorum  excitat  in   nobis 

munerum  largitio,  sic  vos  nostri  quoque  reminisci  pra^op- 

tamus,  mittentes  quae  pulchriora  penes  nos  erant,  &  vobis 

magis  placitura.      Attendite  itaque  dantis   affectum,   non 

data,   &  eo  animo  quo  dantur  accipite.     De  manu  beati 

Jacobi,     super    qua     nobis     scripsistis,     in     ore     magistri 

Hereberti   &  Guilielmi  Clerici  nostri  verbum  posuimus. 

Teste  Thoma  Cancellario  apud  Northanton. 

The  same  in   English. 

THere  were  present  also  the  same  time,  the  messen- 
gers of  Henry  king  of  England  presenting  divers 
rich  and  precious  gifts,  and  that  with  great  learning  & 
eloquence  of  speech.  Amongst  the  which  we  saw  a 
pavilion,  most  large  in  quantity,  &  most  excellent  in 
quality.  For  if  you  desire  to  know  the  quantitie  therof, 
it  could  not  be  erected  without  engines  and  a  kinde  of 
instruments,  and  maine  force  :  if  the  qualitie,  I  thinke 
there  was  never  any  furniture  of  the  same  kinde,  that 
surpassed  the  same  either  in  stuffe  or  workemanship. 
The  said  king  directed  his  letters  also,  full  of  sugred 
speeches,  the  tenour  whereof  was  this  that  followeth. 

To  his  entirely  beloved  friend  Frederick  by  the  grace 
of  God  Emperour  of  the  Romanes  most  invincible, 
Henry  king  of  England,  duke  of  Normandie  and 
Aquitaine,  Earle  of  Anjou  wisheth  health  and  concord 
of  sincere  amitie.  We  doe  render  unto  your  highnes 
(most  renowmed  and  peerelesse  Prince)  exceeding  great 
thanks  for  that  you  have  so  graciously  vouchsafed  by 
your   messengers  to  visite  us,   in   your  letters  to  salute 

3^7 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1157. 

us,  with  your  gifts  to  prevent  us,  and  (which  wee  doe 
more  highly  esteeme  of  then  all  the  rest)  to  beginne  a 
league  of  peace  and  friendship  betweene  us.  We  rejoyced, 
and  in  a  maner  sensibly  felt  our  selves  to  bee  greatly 
emboldened,  and  our  courage  to  encrease,  whilest  your 
promise,  whereby  you  put  us  in  good  comfort,  did 
make  us  more  cheerefull  and  resolute,  in  managing  the 
affaires  of  our  kingdome.  We  rejoyced  (I  say)  &  in 
our  secret  cogitations  did  humble  obeisance  unto  your 
Majestic,  giving  you  at  this  time  to  understand  from 
the  sincere  &  unfained  affection  of  our  heart,  that 
whatsoever  we  shal  know  to  tend  unto  your  honour, 
we  are,  to  our  power  most  ready  to  put  in  practise. 
Our  kingdome,  and  whatsoever  is  under  our  juris- 
diction we  doe  offer  unto  you,  and  commit  the  same 
unto  your  highnesse,  that  all  matters  may  be  disposed 
according  to  your  direction,  and  that  your  pleasure  may 
in  all  things  be  fulfilled.  Let  there  be  therefore  betweene 
our  selves  and  our  subjects,  an  indivisible  unitie  of 
friendship  and  peace,  and  safe  trade  of  Marchandize : 
yet  so,  as  that  unto  you  (who  excell  in  dignitie)  authoritie 
in  commanding  may  bee  ascribed,  and  diligence  in  obey- 
ing shall  not  want  in  us.  And  as  the  liberalitie  of 
your  rewards  doeth  often  put  us  in  remembrance  of 
your  Majestic,  even  so  in  like  maner  sending  unto 
[I.  129.]  your  Highnesse  the  most  rare  things  in  our  custodie, 
and  which  we  thought  should  be  most  acceptable  unto 
you,  wee  doe  most  heartily  wish  that  your  selfe  also 
would  not  altogether  bee  unmindefuU  of  us.  Have 
respect  therefore  not  unto  the  gifts,  but  unto  the  affection 
of  the  giver,  and  accept  of  them  with  that  minde,  where- 
with they  are  offered  unto  you. 

Concerning  the  hand  of  S.  James,  about  which  you 
wrote  unto  us,  we  have  sent  you  word  by  M.  Herbert, 
and  by  William  the  Gierke.  Witnes  Thomas  our 
Chancelour  at   Northanton. 


318 


I 


KING   JOHN'S   SAFE   CONDUCT 


A.D. 

1 1 99. 


^olit^e  merca- 
torum  consue- 
tndines. 


A  generall  safe  conduct   graunted    to   all   forreine 

Marchants    by  king  John  in    the   ||  first   yeere  ||ii99- 
of  his  reigne,   as  appeareth   in  the  Records  of 
the  Tower,  Anno    i.  Regis  Joannis. 

Cannes  Dei  gratia  &c.  Majori  &  Com- 
munitati  Londinensi  salutem.  Sciatis 
voluntatem  esse  nostram,  quod  omnes 
Mercatores  de  quacunque  fuerint  terra 
salvum  habeant  conductum  ire  &  redire 
cum  mercibus  suis  in  Angliam.  Volu- 
mus  etiam  quod  eandem  habeant  pacem 
in  Anglia,  quam  Mercatores  de  Anglia  habent  in  terris 
illis  unde  fuerunt  egressi.  Et  idee  vobis  praecipimus, 
quod  hoc  faciatis  denunciari  in  Balliva  vestra,  &  firmiter 
teneri  ;  permittentes  eos  ire  &  redire  sine  impedimento 
per  debitas  &  rectas  &  solitas  consuetudines  in  Balliva 
vestra.  Teste  Galfredo  iilio  Petri  comite  Essexiae  apud 
Kinefard  5.  die  Aprilis. 

In  eadem  forma  scribitur  vicecomiti  Sudsex,  Majori  & 
communitati  Civitatis  Winton,  Ballivo  de  Southampton, 
Ballivo  de  Lenne,  Ballivo  Kent,  Vicecomiti  Norffolcias  & 
SufFolcias,  Vicecomiti  dorset  &  Sommerset,  Baronibus  de 
quinque  portubus,  Vicecomiti  de  Southampton  sire,  Vice- 
comiti de  Herteford  &  Essex,  Vicecomiti  Cornubias  & 
Devon. 

The  same  in  English. 

John  by  the  grace  of  God  &:c.  to  the  Maior  and 
communaltie  of  London,  greeting.  You  are  to 
understand,  that  it  is  our  pleasure,  that  all  Marchants 
of  what  nation  soever,  shall  have  safe  conduct  to  passe 
and  repasse  with  their  Marchandize  into  England.  It 
is  our  will  also,  that  they  be  vouchsafed  the  same  favour 
in  England,  which  is  granted  unto  the  English  Marchants 
in  those  places  from  whence  they  come.  And  therefore 
we  give  you  in  charge,  that  you  cause  this  to  be  pub- 

319 


A.D. 
I  1 99. 


The  ancient 
customes  of 
Marchants. 


216. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

lished,  and  proclaimed  in  your  bailiwicke,  &  firmely  to 
be  observed,  permitting  them  to  goe  &  come,  without 
impediment,  according  to  the  due,  right  and  ancient 
customes  used  in  your  said  BaiHwicke.  Witnesse 
Geofry  Fitz-Peter  Earle  of  Essex  at  Kinefard  the  5. 
day  of  April. 

The  same  forme  of  writing  was  sent  to  the  sherife  of 
Sudsex,  to  the  Maior  and  communaltie  of  the  Citie  of 
Winchester,  to  the  Baily  of  Southampton,  the  Baily 
Lenne,  the  Baily  of  Kent,  the  sherife  of  Norfolke  and 
Suffolke,  the  sherife  of  Dorset  and  Sommerset,  the 
Barons  of  the  Cinque-ports,  the  sherife  of  Southampton- 
shire,  the  sherife  of  Hertford  and  Essex,  the  sherife 
of  Cornewal  and  Devon. 

Literal  regis  Henrici  tertii  ad  Haquinum  Regem 
Norwegias  de  pacis  foedere  &  intercursu  mer- 
candisandi   ||  Anno    i.    Henrici   3. 

Enricus  Dei  gratia  &:c.  Haquino  eadem 
gratia  Regi  Norwegias  salutem.  Immensas 
nobilitati  vestras  referimus  gratiarum 
actiones  de  his  qu«  per  literas  vestras  & 
prudentem  virum  Abbatem  de  Lisa,  nobis 
significastis,  volentes  &  desiderantes  foedus 
pacis  &  dilectionis  libenter  nobiscum  inire, 
&  nobiscum  confoederari.  Bene  autem  placet  &  placebit 
nobis  quod  terrae  nostrae  communes  sint,  &  Mercatores  & 
homines  qui  sunt  de  potestate  vestra  libere  &  sine 
impedimento  terram  nostram  adire  possint,  &  homines  & 
Mercatores  nostri  similiter  terram  vestram.  Dum  tamen 
literas  vestras  patentes  super  hoc  nobis  destinetis,  &  nos 
vobis  nostras  transmittemus.  Interim  autem  bene 
volumus  &  concedimus,  quod  Mercatores  tam  de  terra 
vestra  quam  nostra  eant,  veniant,  &  recedant  per  terras 
nostras.  Et  si  quid  vestrae  sederit  voluntati,  quod  facere 
valeamus,  id  secure  nobis  significetis.  Detinuimus  autem 
adhuc  Abbatem  praedictum,  ut  de  navi  vestra  &  rebus  in 

320 


KING   HENRY   III.'S   LETTERS  ad. 

c.  1229. 
ea    contentis   pro   posse   nostro    restitutionem  fieri   facer- 
emus  :     per  quern  de  statu  nostro  &  Regni   nostri  vos 
certificare  curabimus,  &  quam  citius  &c.     Teste  me  ipso 
apud  Lamhithe  decimo  die  Octobris. 

Eodem  modo  scribitur  S.  Duci  Norwegias  ibidem  & 
eodem  die. 

The    letters     of    King     Henry     the     third     unto     [i.  130-] 
Haquinus     King     of    Norway     concerning     a 
treatie     of    peace     and     mutuall     traffique     of 
marchandize,    &c. 

HEnry  by  the  grace  of  God,  &c.  unto  Haquinus  by 
the  same  grace  King  of  Norway,  sendeth  greeting. 
Wee  render  unto  your  highnesse  unspeakeable  thanks 
for  those  things  which  by  your  letters,  and  by  your 
discreete  subject  the  Abbat  of  Lisa,  you  have  signified 
unto  us,  and  also  for  that  you  are  right  willing  and  desi- 
rous to  begin  and  to  conclude  betweene  us  both,  a  league 
of  peace  and  amitie.  And  wee  for  our  part  both  nowe 
are,  and  hereafter  shalbe  well  contented,  that  both  our 
lands  be  common,  to  the  ende  that  the  Marchants  and 
people  of  your  dominions  may  freely  and  without 
Impediment  resort  unto  our  land,  and  our  people  and 
Marchants  may  likewise  have  recourse  unto  your  terri- 
tories. Provided,  that  for  the  confirmation  of  this 
matter,  you  send  unto  us  your  letters  patents,  and  wee 
will  send  ours  also  unto  you.  Howbeit  in  the  meane 
while  wee  doe  will  and  freely  graunt,  that  the  Marchants 
both  of  our  and  your  lands,  may  goe,  come,  and  returne 
to  and  from  both  our  Dominions.  And  if  there  be  ought 
in  your  minde,  whereby  we  might  stand  you  in  any 
stead,  you  may  boldly  signifie  the  same  unto  us.  Wee 
have  as  yet  deteined  the  foresaid  Abbat,  that  wee  might, 
to  our  abilitie,  cause  restitution  to  be  made  for  your  ship, 
and  for  the  things  therein  contained  :  by  whome  wee  will 
certifie  you  of  our  owne  estate,  and  of  the  estate  of  our 
I  321  X 


A.D. 

c.  1229. 


II  Antiqua 

consuetudo 

GildhalU 

Coloniensium 

Londini, 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

kingdome  so  soone,  &c.     Witnesse  our  selfe  at  Lamhith 

the  tenth  of  October. 

Another  letter  in  the  same  forme  and  to  the  same  effect 
was  there  and  then  sent  unto  S.  Duke  of  Norway. 

Mandatum  pro   Coga  Regis   Norwegias  Anno   13. 

Henrici  3. 

Andatum  est  omnibus  Ballivis  portuum  in  quos 
Ventura  est  Coga  de  Norwegia,  in  qua  venerint  in 
Angliam  milites  Regis  Norwegiae  &  Mercatores 
Saxonias,  quod  cum  praedictam  Cogam  in  portus  suos 
venire  contigerit,  salvo  permittant  ipsam  Cogam  in  por- 
tubus  suis  morari,  quamdiu  necesse  habuerit,  &  libere  sine 
impediment©  inde  recedere  quando  voluerint.    Teste  Rege. 

The  same  in  English. 

A    Mandate    for   the    King   of   Norway   his    Ship 

called  the  Cog. 

WEe  will  and  commaund  all  bailifes  of  Fortes,  at  the 
which  the  Cog  of  Norway  (wherein  certaine  of  the 
king  of  Norwaie  his  souldiers,  and  certaine  Marchants  of 
Saxonie  are  comming  for  England)  shall  touch,  that,  when 
the  foresaid  Cog  shall  chance  to  arrive  at  any  of  their 
Havens,  they  doe  permit  the  said  Cog  safely  to  remaine 
in  their  said  Havens  so  long  as  neede  shall  require,  and 
without  impediment  also  freely  to  depart  thence,  whenso- 
ever the  governours  of  the  sayd  ship  shall  thinke  it 
expedient.     Witnesse  the  King. 

Carta  pro  Mercatoribus  de  Colonia  anno  20.  Henrici 
3.  Confirmata  per  Regem  Edwardum  primum 
8.  Julii  Anno  Regni  18.  prout  extat  in  rotulo 
cartarum  de  Anno  18.   Regis  Edv^ardi  primi. 

Ex  Archiepiscopis  &c.  salutem.     Sciatis  nos  quietos 
clamasse   pro   nobis   &   haeredibus  nostris  dilectos 
nostros,  Cives  de  Colonia,  &  mercandisam  suam  de 
illis  duobus  solidis,  II  quos  solebant  dare  de  Gildhalla  sua 

322 


KING   HENRY   III.'S   CHARTER  a.d. 

c.  1236. 

London,  &  de  omnibus  aliis  consuetudinibus  &  demandis,  [I.  131-] 
quae  pertinent  ad  nos  in  London,  &  per  totam  terram 
nostram  ;  &  quod  libere  possunt  ire  ad  ferias,  per  totam 
terram  nostram  &  emere  &  vendere  in  villa  London  & 
alibi,  salva  libertate  Civitatis  nostrae  London.  Quare 
volumus  &  firmiter  prascipimus  pro  nobis  &  haeredibus 
nostris,  quod  praedicti  cives  de  Colonia  praenominatas 
libertates  &  liberas  consuetudines  habeant  per  totam 
terram  nostram  Angliae  sicut  praedictum  est.  His  testibus, 
venerabili  patre  Waltero  Caerleolensi  Episcopo,  Willielmo 
de  Ferariis,  Gilberto  Basset,  Waltero  de  Bello  campo, 
Hugone  Disspenser,  Waltero  Marescallo,  Galfrido  Dis- 
penser, Bartholom^o  Pech,  Bartholomaeo  de  Saukevill,  & 
aliis.  Data  per  manum  venerabilis  patris  Radulphi  Cicis- 
trensis  Episcopi,  Cancellarii  nostri  apud  Davintre  Octavo 
die  Novembris,  Anno  Regni  nostri  vicesimo. 

The  same  in  English. 

A  Charter  graunted  for  the  behalfe  of  the  Mar- 
chants  of  Colen  in  the  twentieth  yeere  of 
Henry  the  third,  confirmed  by  King  Edward 
the  first,  as  it  is  extant  in  the  roule  of  Char- 
ters, in  the  eighteenth  yeere  of  King  Edward 
the  first. 

THe    King    unto    Archbishops   &c.   greeting.      Be    it 
knowen  unto  you,  that  wee  have  quite  claimed,  and 
for  us  and  our  heires  released  our  welbeloved  the  Citizens 
of  Colen  and   their   marchandize,   from   the   payment  of 
those  two  shillings  which  they  were  wont  to  pay  out  of 
their  Gildhall  at  London,  and  from  all  other  customes  and  The  ancient 
demaunds,  which  perteine  unto  us,  either  in  London,  or  ^^-^^^^^^  ^f^he 
in  any  other  place  of  our  Dominions  :  and  that  they  may  qhJ/^Ji  j^ 
safely  resort  unto  Payers  throughout  our  whole  Kingdome,  London. 
and  buy  and  sell  in  the  Citie  of  London.     Wherefore  we 
will  and  firmely  command  for  us  and  our  heires,  that  the 
forenamed   Marchants   of  Colen  may  enjoy  the  liberties 
and    free    priviledges    above-mentioned,   throughout    our 

2>2Z 


A.D. 

c.  1236. 


Ricardus 

Comes  Cor- 
nubice  Rex 
Romanorum, 


Carta 
conditionalis. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

whole  kingdome  of  England  as  is  aforesaid.  Witnesses, 
the  reverend  father  Walter  Bishop  of  Carlil,  William  de 
Ferariis,  Gilbert  Basset,  Walter  de  Beau-champ,  Hugh 
Disspenser,  Walter  Marescal,  Geofrie  Disspensser,  Bar- 
tholomew Peach,  Bartholomew  de  Saukevill  and  others. 
Given  by  the  hand  of  the  reverend  father  Ralph  Bishop  of 
Chichester  and  our  Chauncellour  at  Davintre,  the  eight 
day  of  November,  in  the  twentieth  yeere  of  our  reigne. 

Carta  Lubecensibus   ad  septennium  concessa. 
Anno  41.   Henrici   3. 

Enricus  dei  gracia  Rex  Angliae,  dominus 
Hibernias,  dux  Normanniae,  Aquitaniae,  & 
Comes  Andegaviae,  omnibus  Ballivis  suis 
salutem.  Sciatis  nos  ad  instantiam  dilecti 
&  fidelis  fratris  nostri  Ricardi  Comitis 
Cornubiae  in  Regem  Romanorum  electi, 
suscepisse  in  protectionem  &  defensionem 
nostram  &  salvum  &  securum  conductum  nostrum  Bur- 
genses  de  Lubek  in  Alemania  cum  omnibus  rebus  & 
mercandisis  quas  in  Regnum  nostrum  deferent,  vel  facient 
deferri.  Et  eis  concessimus,  quod  de  omnibus  rebus  & 
mercandisis  suis  nihil  capiatur  ad  opus  nostrum  vel 
alterius  contra  voluntatem  eorundem  ;  sed  libere  vendant 
&  negocientur  inde  in  Regno  praedicto,  prout  sibi  viderint 
expedire.  Et  ideo  vobis  mandamus,  quod  dictis  Burgen- 
sibus  vel  eorum  nunciis  in  veniendo  in  terram  nostram 
cum  rebus  &  mercandisis  suis,  ibidem  morando,  &  inde 
recedendo,  nullum  inferatis,  aut  ab  aliis  inferri  permittatis 
impedimentum  aut  gravamen.  Nee  eos  contra  quietantiam 
praedictam  vexetis,  aut  ab  aliis  vexari  permittatis.  In 
cujus  rei  testimonium  has  literas  nostras  fieri  fecimus 
patentes  per  septennium  durantes  :  Dum  tamen  iidem 
Burgenses  interim  bene  &  fideliter  se  habuerint  erga 
praefatum  electum  fratrem  nostrum.  Teste  meipso  apud 
Westmonasterium  undecimo  die  Maii  Anno  Regni  nostri 
quadragesimo  primo.  Hasc  litera  duplicata  est,  pro  Bur- 
gensibus  &  mercatoribus  Dacis,  Brunswig,  &  Lubek. 

324 


CHARTER   OF   LUBECK  ad. 

c.  1257. 

The  same  in   English.  [I.  132-] 

The  charter  of  Lubek  granted  for  seven  yeeres, 
obtained  in  the  one  and  fortieth  yeere  of 
Henry  the  third. 

HEnry  by  the  grace  of  God  King  of  England,  Lord  of 
Ireland,  Duke  of  Normandie  and  Aquitaine,  and 
Earle  of  Anjou,  to  all  his  Bailifs  sendeth  greeting.  Know 
ye  that  at  the  instant  request  of  our  welbeloved  and 
trusty  brother  Richard  Earle  of  Cornewal  being  of  late 
elected  king  of  the  Romanes,  we  have  received  under  our 
protection  and  defence,  and  under  our  safe  and  secure 
conduct,  the  citizens  of  Lubek  in  Alemain,  with  all  their 
goods  and  wares,  which  they  shall  bring  or  cause  to  be 
brought  into  our  kingdome.  We  have  also  granted  unto 
them,  that  of  all  their  goods  and  merchandize,  nothing 
shal  be  seized  unto  the  use  of  our  selves,  or  of  any  other 
without  their  owne  consent,  but  that  they  may  freely  sell 
and  exercise  traffike  therewith,  according  as  they  shall 
thinke  expedient.  And  therefore  we  straightly  command 
you,  that  neither  your  selves  do  offer,  nor  that  you  permit 
any  other  to  offer  any  impediment  or  molestation  unto  the 
said  Burgers  or  unto  their  messengers,  either  at  their 
comming  into  our  land,  with  their  goods  and  marchandize, 
in  the  time  of  their  abode  there,  or  at  their  departure 
from  thence,  and  that  yee  neither  molest  them  your 
selves,  nor  yet  suffer  them  by  others  to  be  molested, 
contrary  to  the  aforesaid  Charter.  In  testimonie  whereof, 
we  have  caused  these  our  Letters  to  be  made  Patents, 
during  the  space  of  seven  yeeres  next  following. 

Provided,  that  the  sayd  Burghers  doe  in  the  meane 
time  behave  themselves  well  and  faithfully  towards  our 
foresaid  elected  brother.  Witnesse  our  selves  at  West- 
minster the  eleventh  day  of  March,  in  the  one  and  fortieth 
yeere  of  our  reigne. 

This  Letter  was  doubled,  namely  for  the  Burghers, 
and  the  Marchants  of  Denmarke,  of  Brunswig, 
and  of  Lubecke. 

325 


A.D. 

c.  1260. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 


Carta  pro  Mercatoribus  Alemannias,  qui  habent 
domum  in  London,  quae  Gildhalla  Teutoni- 
corum  vulgariter  nuncupatur  Anno  44. 
Henrici  tertii,  &  Anno  primo  &  29. 
Edwardi  primi  renovata  &  confirmata. 

D  instantiam  Serenissimi  princlpis  Rich- 
ard! Romanorum  Regis  charissimi  fra- 
tris  nostri  concedimus  mercatoribus 
Alemanniae,  illis  videlicet  qui  habent 
domum  in  Civitate  nostra  London, 
quae  Gildhalla  Teutonicorum  vulgariter 
nuncupatur,  quod  eos  universos  manu- 
tenebimus  per  totum  Regnum  nostrum  in  omnibus 
iisdem  libertatibus  &  liberis  consuetudinibus,  quibus 
ipsi  nostris  &  II  progenitorum  nostrorum  temporibus 
usi  sunt  &  gavisi.  Ipsosque  extra  hujusmodi  liber- 
tates  &  liberas  consuetudines  non  trahemus,  nee  trahi 
aliquatenus  permittemus.  In  cujus  rei  testimonium  has 
literas  nostras  fieri  fecimus  patentes. 

The  same  in  English. 

A    charter   for   the   Marchants   of  Almaine,    who 
have    an   house  at   London   commonly  called 
XTheStiliard.  :[:  the  Guild  hall  of  the   Dutch,   graunted   in 

the  44.  yeere  of  Henry  the  third,  renued 
and  confirmed  in  the  i.  &  29.  yeere  of 
Edward  the  first. 


II  Nota  anti- 
quit  a  tern. 


AT  the  instant  request  of  the  most  gracious  Prince 
Richard  king  of  the  Romanes  our  most  deare 
brother,  wee  doe  graunt  unto  the  Marchants  of  Alemain 
(namely  unto  those  that  have  an  house  in  our  citie  of 
London,  commonly  called  the  Guildhall  of  the  Dutch 
Merchants)  that  we  will,  throughout  our  whole  Realme, 
maintaine  all  and  every  of  them,  in  all  those  liberties 
and  free  customes,  which  both   in  our  times,  and  in  the 

326 


EDWARD    I.'S   GREAT   CHARTER  ad. 

1303- 
times  of  our  progenitors,  they  have  used  and  enjoyed. 
Neither  will  we  inforce  them  beyond  these  liberties  and  ^ote  the 
free  customes,  nor  in   any  wise  permit  them  to  be  in-  ^^^^f«^^^^- 
forced.     In   witnesse    whereof,   wee    have    caused    these 
our  letters  to  be  made  patents. 

Mandatum  regis  Edv^ardi  primi  de  mercatoribus    [l.  133.] 
alienigenis. 

MErcatores    extranei    vendant     mercimonia     sua     in 
civitate    London    &c.  infra    quadraginta   dies   post 
ingressum  suum,  anno  3.  Edwardi  primi. 

The  same  in  English. 

A  mandate  of   king  Edward  the  first  concerning 
outlandish  marchants. 

WE  will  and   command    that    outlandish    marchants 
doe  sel  their  wares  in   the   citie   of  London   &c. 
within  forty  dayes  of  their  arrivall. 

The  great  Charter  granted  unto  forreine  mar- 
chants by  king  Edward  the  first,  in  the  31 
yeare  of  his  reigne  commonly  called  Carta 
mercatoria,  Anno  Domini    1303. 

Dwardus  Dei  gratia  Rex  Angliae,  Dominus 
Hiberniae,  dux  Aquitaniae,  Archiepiscopis, 
Episcopis,  Abbatibus,  Prioribus,  Comiti- 
bus,  Baronibus,  Justitiariis,  Vicecomiti- 
bus,  pra^positis,  ministris,  &  omnibus 
ballivis  &  fidelibus  suis  salutem.  Circa 
bonum  statum  omnium  mercatorum  sub- 
scriptorum  regnorum,  terrarum,  &  provinciarum,  vide- 
licet Alemanniae,  Franciae,  Hispaniae,  Portugalliae, 
Navarrae,  Lombardias,  Thusciae,  Provincial,  Cataloniae, 
ducatus  nostri  Aquitaniae,  Tholosaniae,  Caturluni,  Flan- 
driae,  Brabantiae,  &  omnium  aliarum  terrarum  & 
locorum  extraneorum,  quocunque  nomine  censeantur, 
venientium     in     regnum     nostrum    Angliae     &    ibidem 

327 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

'303- 

conversantium     nos     praecipua     cura     sollicitat,     qualiter 

sub    nostro    dominio    tranquillitatis    &    plenas   securitatls 

immunitas     eisdem      mercatoribus      futuris     temporibus 

prasparetur.      Ut     itaque    vota    ipsorum     reddantur    ad 

nostra    &    regni     nostri     servitia     promptiora,     ipsorum 

petitionibus  favorabiliter  annuentes,  &  pro  statu  eorun- 

dem  plenius  assecurando,  in  forma  quae  sequitur  ordin- 

antes,    pro    nobis    &    haeredibus    nostris    in    perpetuum 

subscripta  dictis  mercatoribus  duximus  concedenda. 

1.  Inprimis  videlicet  quod  omnes  mercatores  dictorum 
regnorum  &  terrarum  salve  &  secure  sub  tuitione 
&  protectione  nostra  in  dictum  regnum  nostrum 
Anglias,  &  ubique  infra  potestatem  nostram  alibi 
veniant  cum  mercandisis  suis  quibuscunque,  de  mura- 
gio,  pontagio  &  pannagio  liberi  &  quieti.  Quodque 
infra  idem  regnum  &  potestatem  nostram  in  civitatibus, 
burgis,  &  villis  mercatoriis  possunt  mercari  duntaxat 
in  grosso  tam  cum  indigenis  seu  incolis  ejusdem  regni 
&  potestatis  nostrae  praedictae,  quam  cum  alienigenis, 
extraneis,  vel  privatis.  Ita  tamen  quod  merces,  quae 
vulgariter  merceriae  vocantur,  ac  species,  minutatim 
vendi  possint,  prout  antea  fieri  consuevit.  Et  quod 
omnes  prasdicti  mercatores  mercandisas  suas,  quas  ipsos 
ad  prasdictum  regnum  &  potestatem  nostram  adducere, 
seu  infra  idem  regnum  &  potestatem  nostram  emere, 
vel  alias  acquirere  contigerit,  possint  quo  voluerint  tam 
infra  regnum    &    potestatem    nostram   praedictam,  quam 

Exceptio  extra    ducere    vel    portare    facere,  praeterquam    ad   terras 

contra  notorios  manifestorum  &  notoriorum  hostium  regni  nostri,  sol- 
regm  hostes.  yendo  consuetudines  quas  debebunt :  vinis  duntaxat 
exceptis,  quae  de  eodem  regno  seu  potestate  nostra, 
postquam  infra  idem  regnum  seu  potestatem  nostram 
ducta  fuerint,  sine  voluntate  &  licentia  speciali  non 
liceat  eis  educere  quoquo  modo. 

2.  Item  quod  praedicti  mercatores  in  civitatibus,  burgis, 
&  villis  prasdictis  pro  voluntate  sua  hospitari  valeant, 
&  morari  cum  bonis  suis  ad  gratiam  ipsorum,  quorum 
sunt  hospitia  sive  domus. 

328 


\ 


EDWARD   I.'S   GREAT   CHARTER  ad. 

1303- 

Item  quod  quilibet  contractus  per  ipsos  mercatores  3. 
cum  quibuscunque  personis  undecunque  fuerint  super 
quocunque  genere  mercandisae  initus,  firmus  sit  & 
stabilis,  ita  quod  neuter  mercatorum  ab  illo  contractu 
possit  recedere,  vel  resilire,  postquam  denarius  Dei  inter 
principales  personas  contrahentes  datus  fuerit  &  receptus. 
Et  si  forsan  super  contractu  ejusmodi  contentio  oriatur, 
fiat  inde  probatio  aut  inquisitio  secundum  usus  &  con- 
suetudines  feriarum  &  villarum,  ubi  dictum  contractum  [I.  134.] 
fieri  contigerit  &  iniri. 

Item  promittimus  praefatis  mercatoribus  pro  nobis  &  4. 
haeredibus  nostris  in  perpetuum  concedentes,  quod 
nullam  prisam  vel  arrestationem,  seu  dilationem  occa- 
sione  prisam  de  caetero  de  mercimoniis,  mercandisis  seu 
aliis  bonis  suis  per  nos  vel  alium  seu  alios  pro  aliqua 
necessitate  vel  casu  contra  voluntatem  ipsorum  merca- 
torum aliquatenus  faciemus,  aut  fieri  patiemur,  nisi 
statim  soluto  precio  pro  quo  ipsi  mercatores  aliis  ejus- 
modi mercimonia  vendere  possint,  vel  eis  aliter  satisfacto, 
ita  quod  reputent  se  contentos :  Et  quod  super  merci- 
monia, mercandisaSj  seu  bona  ipsorum  per  nos  vel  minis- 
tros  nostros  nulla  appreciatio  aut  estimatio  imponetur. 

Item  volumus  quod  omnes  ballivi  &  ministri  feriarum,     5. 
civitatum,   burgorum,   &  villarum  mercatoriarum  merca- 
toribus    antedictis     conquerentibus     coram     iis     celerem 
justitiam  faciant  de  die  in  diem  sine  dilatione  secundum 
legem    mercatoriam,    de    universis    &    singulis    quae    per  Lex 
eandem   legem   poterunt   terminari.     Et   si   forte   inveni-  mercatoria. 
atur  defectus  in  aliquo  ballivorum  vel  ministrorum  prae- 
dictorum,    unde    iidem     mercatores    vel     eorum     aliquis 
dilationis     incommoda    sustinuerint    vel    sustineant,    licet 
mercator  versus  partem  in  principali  recuperaverit  damna 
sua,  nihilominus   ballivus  vel   minister  alius  versus   nos, 
prout   delictum   exigit   puniatur.      Et   punitionem   istam 
concedimus    in    favorem    mercatorum     praedictorum    pro 
eorum  justitia  maturanda. 

Item    quod    in    omnibus    generibus    placitorum,    salvo     6. 
casu   criminis   pro   quo   infiigenda  est   poena  mortis,   ubi 

329 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1303- 

mercator  implacitatus  fuerit,  vel  alium  implacitaverit, 
cujuscunque  conditionis  idem  implacitatus  extiterit,  ex- 
traneus  vel  privatus,  in  nundinis,  civitatibus,  sive  Burgis, 
ubi  fuerit  sufficiens  copia  mercatorum  praedictarum  ter- 
rarum,  &  inquisitio  fieri  debeat,  sit  medietas  inquisitionis 
de  eiisdem  mercatoribus,  &  medietas  altera  de  probis 
&  legalibus  hominibus  loci  illius  ubi  placitum  illud  esse 
contigerit.  Et  si  de  mercatoribus  dictarum  terrarum 
Humerus  non  inveniatur  sufficiens,  ponentur  in  inquisi- 
tione  illi  qui  idonei  invenientur  ibidem,  &  residii  sint  de 
aliis  bonis  hominibus  &  idoneis  de  locis  in  quibus 
placitum  illud  erit. 
7-  Item  volumus,  ordinamus,  &  statuimus,  quod  in 
qualibet  villa  mercatoria  &  feria  regni  nostri  praedicti 
&  alibi  infra  potestatem  nostram  pondus  nostrum  in  certo 
loco  ponatur,  &  ante  ponderationem  statera  in  praesentia 
emptoris  &  venditoris  vacua  videatur,  &  quod  brachia 
sint  equalia :  &  ex  tunc  ponderator  ponderet  in  asquali. 
Et  cum  stateram  posuerit  in  asquali  statim  amoveat 
manus  suas,  ita  quod  remaneat  in  aequali :  quodque 
per  totum  regnum  &  potestatem  nostram  sit  unum 
pondus  &  una  mensura :  &  signo  standardi  nostri 
signentur :  Et  quod  quilibet  possit  habere  stateram 
unius  quaternionis,  &  infra,  ubi  contra  domini  loci, 
aut  libertatem  per  nos  &  antecessores  nostros  concessam 
illud  non  fuerit,  sive  contra  villarum  &  feriarum 
consuetudinem  hactenus  observatam. 
^'  Item  volumus  &  concedimus,  quod  aliquis  certus  homo 
fidelis  &  discretus  Londini  residens  assignetur  justitiarius 
mercatoribus  memoratis,  coram  quo  valeant  specialiter 
placitare,  &  debita  sua  recuperare  celeriter,  si  Vicecomites 
&  Majores  eis  non  facerent  de  die  in  diem  celeris  justitiae 
complementum  :    Et   inde   fiat   Commissio  extra  Cartam 

Lex  praesentem  concessa  mercatoribus  antedictis  :  scilicet  de  his 

mercatoria    ^^  ^^^^  mX.^x  mercatores  &  mercatores  secundum  legem 

^     ■  mercatoriam  deducenda. 

9-         Item   ordinamus   &  statuimus,    &   ordinationem   illam 
statutumque  pro  nobis  &  haeredibus  nostris  in  perpetuum 

330 


Custumce. 


EDWARD    I.'S   GREAT   CHARTER  ad. 

1303- 

volumus  firmiter  observari,  quod  pro  quacunque  libertate, 
quam  nos  vel  haeredes  nostri  de  caetero  concedemus, 
praefati  mercatores  supradictas  libertates  vel  earum  aliquam 
non  amittant.  Pro  praedictis  autem  libertatibus  &  liberis 
consuetudinibus  obtinendis,  &  prisis  nostris  remittendis 
iidem  supradicti  mercatores  universi  &  singuli  pro  se  & 
omnibus  aliis  de  partibus  suis  nobis  concorditer  &  unani- 
miter  concesserunt,  quod  de  quolibet  dolio  vini,  quod 
adducent  vel  adduci  facient  infra  regnum  &  potestatem 
nostram,  &  unde  marinariis  fretum  solvere  tenebuntur, 
solvent  nobis  &  haeredibus  nostris  nomine  Custum^  duos  Antlqu^^ 
solidos  ultra  antiquas  custumas  debitas  &  in  denariis  solvi 
consuetas  nobis,  aut  alias  infra  quadraginta  dies,  postquam 
extra  naves  ad  terram  posita  fuerint  dicta  vina.  Item  de 
quolibet  sacco  lanarum,  quem  dicti  mercatores,  aut  alii 
nomine  ipsorum  ement  &  e  regno  educent,  aut  emi  & 
educi  facient,  solvent  quadraginta  denarios  de  incremento 
ultra  custumam  antiquam  dimidias  marcae,  quas  prius  fuerat 
persoluta.  Et  pro  lasta  coriorum  extra  regnum  &  potes- 
tatem nostram  vehendorum  dimidiam  marcam  supra  id 
quod  ex  antiqua  custuma  ante  solvebatur.  Et  similiter 
de  trecentis  pellibus  lanitis  extra  regnum  &  potestatem 
nostram  ducendis  quadraginta  denarios  ultra  certum  illud, 
quod  de  antiqua  custuma  fuerat  prius  datum.  Item  duos  [I.  135.] 
solidos  de  quolibet  scarlato  &  panno  tincto  in  grano. 
Item  decem  &  octo  denarios  de  quolibet  panno,  in  quo 
pars  grani  fuerit  intermixta.  Item  duodecem  denarios  de 
quolibet  panno  alio  sine  grano.  Item  duodecem  denarios 
de  qualibet  aeris  quintalla. 

Cumque  de  praefatis  mercatoribus  nonnulli  eorum  alias  10. 
exercere  soleant  mercandisas,  ut  de  Averio  ponderis,  &  de 
aliis  rebus  subtilibus,  sicut  de  pannis  Tarsensibus,  de 
serico,  &  cindallis,  de  seta  &  aliis  diversis  mercibus,  & 
de  equis  etiam  &  aliis  animalibus,  blado  &  aliis  rebus  & 
mercandisis  multimodis,  quae  ad  certam  custumam  facile 
poni  non  poterunt,  iidem  mercatores  concesserunt  dare 
nobis  &  haeredibus  nostris  de  qualibet  libra  argenti 
estimationis  seu   valoris  rerum  &  mercandisarum  hujus- 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1303. 

modi,  quocunque  nomine  censeantur,  tres  denarios  de 
libra  in  introitu  rerum  &  mercandisarum  ipsarum  in 
regnum  &  potestatem  nostram  praedictam  infra  viginti 
dies  postquam  hujusmodi  res  &  mercandisae  in  regnum  & 
potestatem  nostram  adductae  &  etiam  ibidem  exoneratae 
seu  venditas  fuerint.  Et  similiter  tres  denarios  de  qualibet 
libra  argenti  in  eductione  quarumcunque  rerum  &  mer- 
candisarum hujusmodi  emptarum  in  regno  &  potestate 
nostris  prasdictis  ultra  custumas  nobis  aut  aliis  ante  datas. 
Et  super  valore  &  estimatione  rerum  &  mercandisarum 
hujusmodi  de  quibus  tres  denarii  de  qualibet  libra  argenti 
sicut  prasdicitur  sunt  solvendi,  credatur  eis  per  literas, 
quas  de  Dominis  aut  sociis  suis  ostendere  poterunt  :  Et 
si  literas  non  habeant  stetur  in  hac  parte  praedictorum 
mercatorum,  si  praesentes  fuerint,  vel  valetorum  suorum 
in  eorundem  mercatorum  absentia,  juramentis. 
II.  Liceat  insuper  sociis  de  societate  praedictorum  mer- 
catorum infra  regnum  &  potestatem  nostram  praedictas, 
lanas  vendere  aliis  suis  sociis,  &  similiter  emere  ab  iisdem 
absque  custuma  solvenda.  Ita  tamen  quod  dictae  lanae  ad 
tales  manus  non  deveniant,  quod  de  custuma  nobis  debita 
defraudemur.  Et  praeterea  est  sciendum,  quod  postquam 
supradicti  mercatores  semel  in  uno  loco  infra  regnum  & 
potestatem  nostram  custumam  nobis  concessam  superius 
pro  mercandisis  suis  in  forma  solverint  supradicta,  & 
suum  habeant  inde  warantum,  sive  hujusmodi  mercandisae 
infra  regnum  &  potestatem  nostram  remaneant,  sive 
exterius  deferantur,  (exceptis  vinis,  quas  de  regno  & 
potestate  nostris  prasdictis  sine  voluntate  &  licentia  nostra 
sicut  praedictum  est,  nullatenus  educantur  :)  Volumus,  ac 
pro  nobis,  ac  haeredibus  nostris  concedimus,  quod  nulla 
exactio,  prisa,  vel  praestatio,  aut  aliquod  onus  super 
personas  mercatorum  prasdictorum,  mercandisas  seu  bona 
eorundem  aliquatenus  imponatur  contra  formam  expressam 
superius  &  concessam.  His  testibus  veracibus  principali- 
bus,  Roberto  Cantuariensi  Archiepiscopo  totius  Anglias 
primate,  Waltero  Coventriae  &  Lichfildiae  episcopo, 
Henrico    de    Lacy    Lincolniense,   Humfredo    de    Bohum 

332 


\ 


EDWARD    i;S    GREAT    CHARTER  ad. 

1303- 
comite  Herfordiense  &  Essexiae  &  Constabulo  magno 
Angliae,  Adomaro  de  Valentia,  Galfrido  de  Gaymal, 
Hugone  de  Lespensor,  Waltero  de  Bello  campo,  senescallo 
hospitii  nostri,  Roberto  de  Buriis,  &  aliis.  Datum  per 
manum  nostram  apud  Windesore,  primo  die  Februarii, 
anno  regni  nostri  xxxi. 

The  aforesaid  generall  Charter  in  English. 

EDward  by  the  grace  of  God  king  of  England,  lord  of 
Ireland,  duke  of  Aquitaine,  to  Archbishops,  Bishops, 
Abbots,  Priors,  Earles,  Barons,  Justices,  Vicounts,  gover- 
nours,  officers,  and  all  bayliffes,  and  his  faithfull  people 
sendeth  greeting.  Wee  have  speciall  care  for  the  good 
estate  of  all  marchants  of  the  kingdomes,  lands,  and 
countreis  following  :  to  wit  of  Almaine,  France,  Spaine, 
Portugal,  Navarre,  Lombardie,  Florence,  Provence, 
Catalonia,  of  our  duchie  of  Aquitaine,  Tholosa,  Catur- 
lune,  Flanders,  Brabant,  and  of  all  other  forreine  countreis 
and  places  by  what  name  soever  they  be  called,  which 
come  into  our  kingdome  of  England,  and  there  remayne, 
that  the  sayd  marchants  may  live  in  quiet  and  full 
securitie  under  our  dominion  in  time  to  come.  Where- 
fore that  their  hearts  desires  may  bee  more  readily  inclined 
to  our  service  and  the  service  of  our  kingdome,  wee 
favourably  agreeing  to  their  petitions,  for  the  fuller  asring 
of  their  estate,  have  thought  good  to  graunt  to  the  sayd 
marchants  for  us  and  our  heires  for  ever  these  priviledges 
under  written,  ordaining  in  forme  as  followeth. 

First,  that  all  marchants  of  the  sayd  kingdomes  and  i- 
countreys  may  come  into  our  kingdome  of  England,  and 
any  where  else  into  our  dominion  with  their  marchandises 
whatsoever  safely  and  securely  under  our  defence  and 
protection  without  paying  wharfage,  pontage,  or  pannage. 
And  that  in  Cities,  Boroughs,  and  market  townes  of  the 
sayd  kingdome  and  dominion  they  may  traffique  onely  by 
the  great  as  well  with  the  naturall  subjects  and  inhabi- 
tantes  of  our  aforesayde  kingdome  and  dominion,  as  with 
forreiners,  straungers,  or  private  persons.     Yet  so,  that 

333 


1303- 

[I.  ,36.] 


An  exception 
for  traficking 
with  ye  known 
enemies  oj  the 
kingdome. 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

marchandises  which  are  commonly  called  mercerie  wares, 
and  spices,  may  be  sold  by  the  small,  as  heretofore  hath 
bin  accustomed.  And  that  all  the  aforesaid  marchants 
may  cary  or  cause  to  be  caried  whither  they  will,  aswell 
within  our  realme  or  dominion,  as  out  of  the  same  ; 
saving  unto  the  countreis  of  the  manifest  and  knowne 
enemies  of  our  kingdome,  those  marchandises  which  they 
shall  bring  into  our  foresayd  realme  and  dominion,  or 
buy,  or  otherwise  purchase  in  our  sayd  realme  and 
dominion,  paying  such  customes  as  they  ought  to  doe  : 
except  onely  wines,  which  it  shall  not  be  any  wayes 
lawfull  for  them  to  cary  out  of  our  sayd  realme  and 
dominion  without  our  speciall  favour  and  licence,  after 
they  be  once  brought  into  our  realme  and  dominion. 

2.  Item  that  the  aforesayd  marchants  may  at  their  pleasure 
lodge  &  remaine  with  their  goods  in  the  cities,  boroughs, 
and  townes  aforesaid,  with  the  good  liking  of  those  which 
are  owners  of  their  lodgings. 

3.  Item  that  every  bargaine  made  by  the  said  marchants 
with  any  maner  of  persons,  of  what  places  soever  they  be, 
for  any  kind  of  marchandise  whatsoever,  shalbe  firme  & 
stable,  so  that  none  of  both  the  marchants  shall  shrinke  or 
give  backe  from  that  bargaine,  after  that  the  earnest  penie 
be  once  given  and  taken  betweene  the  principall  bar- 
gayners.  And  if  peradventure  any  strife  arise  about  the 
same  bargaine,  the  triall  and  inquirie  thereof  shall  be 
made  according  to  the  uses  and  customes  of  the  fayres 
and  townes  where  it  chanced  that  the  said  bargaine  was 
made  and  contracted. 

4-  Item,  we  promise  the  aforesaid  marchants  granting  for 
ever  for  us  and  our  heires,  that  from  hence  foorth  we  will 
not  in  any  wise  make  nor  cause  to  be  made  any  stay  or 
arrest,  or  any  delay  by  reason  of  arrest  of  their  wares, 
marchandises  or  other  goods,  by  our  selves,  or  by  any 
other  or  others  for  any  neede  or  accident  against  the  will 
of  the  sayd  marchants,  without  present  payment  of  such  a 
price  as  the  marchants  would  have  sold  those  marchandises 
for    to    other    men,  or  without  making    of   them    other 

334 


EDWARD   I.'S   GREAT   CHARTER  ad. 

1303- 
satisfaction,  so  that  they  shall  hold  themselves  well  con- 
tented :    and  that   no  price  or  valuation  shalbe  set  upon 
their    wares,  marchandises,    &  goods    by   us    or    by  any 
officer  of  ours. 

Item,  we  will  that  all  bayliffes  and  officers  of  fayres,     5. 
cities,   boroughs,   and   market    townes   shall   doe   speedie  Where  is  this 
justice  from  day  to  day  without  delay  according  to  the  ^'^^  ^'^^  ^^~ 
lawe    of    Marchants    to    the    aforesayd    marchants    when 
they    shall    complaine    before    them,    touching    all     and 
singuler  causes,  which  may  be  determined   by  the  same 
law.     And   if  default  be  found   in   any  of  the  bayliffes 
or  officers  aforesayd,  whereby  the  sayd  marchants  or  any 
of    them    have    sustained,    or    do    sustaine    any    damage 
through    delay,  though    the  marchant   recover  his  losses 
against    the   partie   principall,   yet    the   bayliffe    or    other 
officer   shall    be  punished    to  us  ward,  according   to  the 
qualitie  of  the  default.     And  wee  doe  grant  this  punish- 
ment in  favour  of  the  aforesayd  marchants  in  regard  of 
the  hastening  of  their  justice. 

Item,  that  in  al  maner  of  pleas,  saving  in  case  where  6. 
punishment  of  death  is  to  be  inflicted,  where  a  marchant 
is  impleaded,  or  sueth  another,  of  what  condition  soever 
hee  bee  which  is  sued,  whether  stranger  or  home  borne, 
in  fayres,  cities,  or  boroughs,  where  sufficient  numbers 
of  marchants  of  the  foresayd  countreis  are,  and  where 
the  triall  ought  to  bee  made,  let  the  one  halfe  of  the 
Jurie  be  of  the  sayd  marchants,  and  the  other  halfe  of 
good  and  lawfull  men  of  the  place  where  the  suite 
shall  fall  out  to  bee  :  and  if  sufficient  number  of  mar- 
chants of  the  sayd  countries  cannot  bee  found,  those 
which  shall  be  found  fit  in  that  place  shall  be  put 
upon  the  jurie,  and  the  rest  shall  be  chosen  of  good 
and  fit  men  of  the  places  where  such  suit  shall  chance 
to  be. 

Item    we  will,  we   ordaine,  and  wee  appoint,  that    in     7- 
every  market  towne  and   fayre  of  our  realme  aforesayd 
and  elsewhere  within  our  dominion  our  weight  shall  bee 
set  in  some  certaine  place ;   and  that  before  the  weighing 

335 


AD  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1303- 

the  balance  shall  bee  seene  emptie  in  the  presence  of 
the  buyer  and  of  the  seller,  and  that  the  skales  bee 
equall :  and  that  afterward  the  weigher  weigh  in  the 
equall  balance.  And  when  hee  hath  set  the  balances 
even,  let  him  straightway  remoove  his  hands,  so  that 
the  balance  way  remayne  even :  And  that  throughout 
all  our  kingdome  and  dominion  there  be  one  weight 
and  one  measure,  and  that  they  be  marked  with  the 
marke  of  our  standard.  And  that  every  man  may  have 
a  weight  of  one  quarter  of  an  hundred,  and  under, 
where  the  same  hath  not  bin  contrary  to  the  liberty  of 
the  lord  of  the  place,  and  contrary  to  the  libertie 
granted  by  us  and  our  predecessors,  or  contrary  to  the 
custome  of  townes  and  fayres  which  hath  hitherto  beene 
observed. 

8.  Item  we  will  and  we  grant  that  some  certaine  fayth- 
full  and  discreete  man  resident  in  London  be  appointed 
to  doe  Justice  to  the  aforesayd  marchants,  before  whome 
they  may  have  their  sutes  decided,  and  may  speedilie 
recover  their  debts,  if  the  Shiriffes  and  Maior  should 
not  from  day  to  day  give  them  speedy  justice.  And 
hereof  let  a  Commission  be  made :  which  we  grant  unto 
the  aforesaid  marchants  besides  this  present  Charter :  to 
wit  of  such  things  as  betweene  marchant  and  marchant 
are  to  be  decided  according  to  the  lawe  of  marchants. 

9.  Item  we  ordayne  and  appoynt,  and  wee  will  that  this 
ordinance  and  statute  shall  firmely  bee  observed  for  ever 
for  us  and  our  heires,  that  the  aforesayd  marchants  shal 

[I.  137-]  not  loose  the  aforesayd  liberties  nor  any  of  them,  for 
any  liberty  whatsoever,  which  wee  or  our  heires  here- 
after shall  grant.  And  for  the  obtayning  of  the  afore- 
sayd liberties  and  free  customes,  and  for  remission  of 
our  arresting  of  their  goods,  the  aforesayd  marchants 
all  and  every  of  them  for  themselves  and  all  other  of 
their  parties  with  one  accorde  and  one  consent  have 
granted  unto  us,  that  of  every  tunne  of  wine,  which 
they  shall  bring  or  cause  to  be  brought  into  our  realme 
and  dominion,  for  which    they  shall    bee  bound   to  pay 

336 


EDWARD   I.'S   GREAT   CHARTER  ad. 

1303- 
freight  unto  the  mariners,  besides  the  olde  customes 
which  are  due  and  were  woont  to  bee  payd  unto  us,  they 
will  pay  unto  us  and  to  our  heires  in  the  name  of  a 
custome  two  shillings  in  money,  either  out  of  hande,  or 
else  within  fortie  dayes  after  the  sayd  wines  shall  bee 
brought  on  land  out  of  the  shippes.  Item  for  every 
sacke  of  wooll,  which  the  sayd  marchants  or  others  in 
their  name  shall  buy  and  carie  out  of  the  realme,  or 
cause  to  bee  brought  and  caried  out,  they  will  pay  forty 
pence  above  the  old  custome  of  halfe  a  marke,  which 
was  payed  heretofore :  And  for  a  last  of  hides  to  bee 
caryed  out  of  our  realme  and  dominion  halfe  a  marke 
above  that  which  heretofore  was  payed  by  the  olde 
custome.  And  likewise  for  three  hundreth  Felles  with 
the  wooll  on  them  to  bee  transported  out  of  our  realme 
and  dominion  fortie  pence,  above  that  certaine  rate  which 
before  was  payed  by  the  olde  custome :  Also  two 
shillings  upon  every  scarlate  and  every  cloth  died  in 
graine.  Item  eighteene  pence  for  every  cloth  wherein 
any  kind  of  graine  is  mingled.  Item  twelve  pence  upon 
every  cloth  dyed  without  graine.  Item  twelve  pence 
upon  everie  quintall  of  copper. 

And  whereas  sundrie  of  the  aforesayd  marchants  are 
woont  to  exercise  other  marchandises,  as  of  Haver  de 
pois,  and  other  fine  wares,  as  sarcenets,  lawnes,  cindalles, 
and  silke,  and  divers  other  marchandises,  and  to  sell 
horses  and  other  beastes,  corne,  and  sundrie  other  things 
and  marchandises,  which  cannot  easily  bee  reduced  unto 
a  certaine  custome :  the  sayd  marchants  have  granted  to 
give  unto  us,  and  to  our  heires  of  every  pound  of  silver 
of  the  estemation  and  value  of  these  kinde  of  goods 
and  marchandises,  by  what  name  soever  they  be  called, 
three  pence  in  the  pound  in  the  bringing  in  of  these 
goods  into  our  realme  and  dominion  aforesaid,  within 
twentie  dayes  after  these  goods  and  marchandises  shall 
be  brought  into  our  realme  and  dominion,  and  shall  be 
there  unladen  and  solde.  And  likewise  three  pence  upon 
every  pound  of  silver  in  the  carying  out  of  any  such 
1  337  Y 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1303- 

goods  and  marchandises  which  are  bought  in  our  realme 
and  dominion  aforesayd  above  the  customes  beforetime 
payd  unto  us  or  any  of  our  progenitors.  And  touching 
the  value  and  estimation  of  these  goods  and  marchan- 
dises, whereof  three  pence  of  every  pound  of  silver,  as 
is  aforesayd,  is  to  be  payd,  credite  shalbe  given  unto 
them  upon  the  letters  which  they  are  able  to  shewe 
from  their  masters  or  parteners.  And  if  they  have  no 
letters  in  this  behalfe,  we  will  stand  to  the  othe  of  the 
foresayd  marchants  if  they  bee  present,  or  in  their 
absence  to  the  othes  of  their  servants. 

Moreover,  it  shall  be  lawfull  for  such  as  be  of  the 
company  of  the  aforesayd  marchants  within  our  realme 
and  dominion  aforesayd,  to  sell  woolles  to  other  of  their 
company,  and  likewise  to  buy  of  them  without  paying 
of  custome.  Yet  so,  that  the  said  wools  come  not  to 
such  hands,  that  wee  be  defrauded  of  the  custome  due 
unto  us.  And  furthermore  it  is  to  be  understood,  that 
after  that  the  aforesaid  marchants  have  once  payed  in 
one  place  within  our  realme  and  dominion,  the  custome 
above  granted  unto  us  in  forme  aforesayd  for  their 
marchandises,  &  have  their  warrant  therof,  whether 
these  marchandises  remayne  within  our  kingdome  or  be 
caried  out  (excepting  wines,  which  in  no  wise  shalbe  carried 
forth  of  our  realme  and  dominion  aforesayd,  without 
our  favour  &  licence  as  is  aforesayd)  we  wil  and  we  grant 
for  us  and  our  heires,  that  no  execution,  attachment,  or 
loane,  or  any  other  burthen  be  layd  upon  the  persons 
of  the  aforesayd  marchants,  upon  their  marchandises  or 
goods  in  any  case,  contrary  to  the  forme  before  men- 
tioned and  granted.  The  faithfiill  &  principall  witnesses 
of  these  presents  are  these,  Robert  Archbishop  of  Canter- 
bury, Primate  of  all  England,  Walter  bishop  of  Coven- 
trey  and  Lichfield,  Henry  Lacie  of  Lincolne,  Humfrey 
de  Bohume,  Earle  of  Herford  and  Essex,  high  Constable 
of  England,  Adomare  of  Valentia,  Geofrey  of  Gaymal, 
Hugh  Spenser,  Walter  Beauchampe  Seneschall  of  our 
house,    Robert    of    Bures,    and    others.      Given    by  our 

338 


KING   EDWARD    II.'S    LETTERS  ad.  ■ 

1313-  ] 

owne  hand  at  Windesore  the  first  day  of  February,  in  i 

the  yere  of  our  reigne    xxxi.  \ 

De  mercatoribus  Angliae  in  Norwegia  arestatis,  &  : 

eorum  mercimoniis  de  arrestandis  liters  Edwardi  ; 
secundi   anno   sexto    regni    sui,    Haquino    regi 

Norwegia.  ' 

J^STjAgnifico  principi  domino  Haquino  Dei  gratia  regi  j 

l^^a  Norwegis  illustri,  amico  suo  charissimo  Edwardus  ■ 

— '  eadem  Dei  gratia  rex  Angliae,  Dom.  Hiberniae,  & 

dux  Aquitaniae  salutem  cum  dilectione  sincera.      Miramur  ; 

non  modicum  &  in  intimis  conturbamur  de  gravaminibus  j 

&    oppressionibus    quas     subditis     nostris    infra    regnum  [I.  138.]  I 

vestrum    causa    negociandi    venientibus    his    diebus    plus  ' 

solito    absque    causa    rationabili,    sicut    ex    gravi    querela  \ 
didicimus,    inferuntur.       Nuper     siquidem    Willihelmus 

filius    Laurentii    de    Waynfleete,    Simon    filius    Alani    de  t 

eadem,   Guido   filius    Mathei   &  eorum   socii   mercatores  ! 

nostri    nobis    conquerendo  monstrarunt,   quod    cum    ipsi  \ 

quosdam  homines  &  servientes  suos  cum  tribus  navibus  1 

suis    ad     partes    regni    vestri,    ad     negotiandum     ibidem  ! 
transmisissent  :    &   naves   illae   in   portu  villae  vestrae   de  Fi/Ia  de 

Tonnesbergh    halece    &    aliis    bonis    diversis    usque    ad  Tonnesbergh.  ; 

magnam    summam    oneratae     fuissent  :     Et    licet     nautis  i 

navium   praedictarum   hominibusque  &  servientibus  prae-  \ 

dictis  a  regno  vestro  libere  cum  navibus  &  bonis  praedictis  i 

ad  partes  Angliae  redeundi  vestras  fieri  feceritis  de  con-  j 

ductu,   postmodum   tamen   antequam   naves   illse  propter  ! 

venti  contrarietatem  portum  praedictum  exire  potuerunt,  \ 

quidam  ballivi  vestri  naves  praedictas  cum  hominibus  &  ; 

bonis    omnibus    tunc    existentibus    in    eisdem,    occasione  \ 

mortis  cujusdam  militis  nuper  ballivi  vestri   in  Vikia  per  1 

malefactores    &    piratas,   dum    naves    praedictae   in    portu  ; 
supradicto  sicut  praemittitur  remanserunt  supra  mare  ut 

dicitur  interfecti,  de  mandato  vestro   ut  dicebant  arrest-  I 

arunt,  &  diu  sub  aresto  hujusmodi  detinebant,  quousque  \ 

videlicet    homines   &   marinarii    praedicti    de   quadraginta  \ 

339 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

libris  sterlingorum  certo  die  statute  ad  opus  vestrum  pro 
qualibet  navi  praedictarum  solvendis  inviti  &  coacti 
securitatem  invenissent  :  Et  similiter  de  eisdem  navibus 
cum  hominibus  pr^dictis  infra  portum  praedictum  citra 
festum  nativitatis  Sancti  Joannis  Baptistae  proximo  futuro 
ad  standum  tunc  ibidem  de  personis  &  navibus  suis  vestrae 
gratiae  seu  voluntatis  arbitrio  reducendis  tres  obsides 
ulterius  liberassent  :  quod  ipsis  valde  grave  censetur,  & 
auditu  mirabile  auribus  audientium  non  immerito  reputa- 
tur.  Et  quia  contra  rationem  &  asquitatem,  omnemque 
justitiam  fore  dinoscitur,  atque  legem,  quod  delinquen- 
tium  culpae  seu  demerita  in  personis  vel  rebus  illorum 
qui  criminis  rei  conscii  vel  participes,  seu  de  hujusmodi 
delinquentium  societate  non  fuerunt,  aliqualiter  ulcis- 
cantur,  vestram  amicitiam  affectuose  requirimus  & 
rogamus,  quatenus  praemissa  diligenti  meditatione  zelo 
justitiae  ponderantes,  obsides  praedictos  jubere  velitis  ab 
hostagiamento  hujusmodi  liberari,  dictamque  securitatem 
relaxari  penitus  &  resolvi.  Scientes  pro  certo,  quod  si 
malefactores  prasdicti,  qui  dictum  militem  vestrum,  ut 
dicitur,  occiderunt,  alicubi  infra  regnum  seu  potestatem 
nostram  poterunt  inveniri,  de  ipsis  justitiam  &  judicium 
secundum  legem  &  consuetudinem  ejusdem  regni  fieri 
faciemus.  Non  enim  possumus  his  diebus  a^quanimiter 
tolerare,  quod  naves  praedictae  seu  aliae  de  regno  nostro, 
quae  semper  promptae  ad  nostrum  servitium  esse  debent, 
extra  idem  regnum  ad  partes  remotas  se  divertant  sine 
nostra  licentia  speciali.  Quid  autem  ad  hanc  nostram 
instantiam  faciendum  decreveritis  in  praemissis,  nobis  si 
placeat  rescribatis  per  praesentium  portatorem.  Datas  apud 
Windesore  decimo  sexto  die  Aprilis. 


340 


KING   EDWARD   Il.'S   LETTERS  ad. 

The  same  in  English. 

The  letters  of  Edward  the  second  unto  Haquinus 
king  of  Norway,  concerning  the  English  mar- 
chants  arrested  in  Norway,  and  their  goods 
to  be  freed  from  arrest. 


O  the  mighty  Prince,  lord  Haquinus,  by 
the  grace  of  God  the  famous  king  of 
Norway  his  most  deare  friend,  Edward 
by  the  same  grace  of  God,  king  of 
England,  lord  of  Ireland,  duke  of  Aqui- 
taine,  greeting  and  sincere  love.  We 
marvell  not  a  little,  and  are  much  dis- 
quieted in  our  cogitations,  considering  the  greevances  and 
oppressions,  which  (as  wee  have  beene  informed  by 
pitifull  complaints)  are  at  this  present,  more  then  in  times 
past,  without  any  reasonable  cause  inflicted  upon  our 
subjects,  which  doe  usually  resort  unto  your  kingdome 
for  traffiques  sake.  For  of  late  one  William  the  sonne  of 
Laurence  of  Wainfleete,  and  one  Simon  the  sonne  of  Alan 
of  the  same  towne,  and  Guido  the  sonne  of  Mathew,  and 
their  associates  our  marchants,  in  complayning  wise 
declared  unto  us  :  that  having  sent  certaine  of  their  factors 
and  servants,  with  three  shippes  into  your  dominions, 
there  to  exercise  traffique,  and  the  sayd  ships  being  laden 
in  the  haven  of  your  towne  of  Tonnesbergh,  with  Her-  The  tozvne  of 
rings  and  other  commodities,  to  a  great  value  :  and  also  Tonesbergh. 
the  said  mariners,  men,  and  servants  of  the  foresayd 
shippes,  being  licenced  by  vertue  of  the  safe  conduct 
which  you  had  granted  them,  freely  to  returne  from  your 
kingdome  unto  the  parts  of  England  with  their  ships  and 
goods  aforesayd,  but  afterward  not  being  able  to  depart 
out  of  your  haven  by  reason  of  contrary  windes  :  certaine 
of  your  bayliffes  upon  occasion  of  the  slaughter  of  a 
knight  being  himselfe  also  of  late  your  bayliffe  of  Vikia, 
committed  by  malefactors  and  Pirates  upon  the  sea, 
whilest  the  sayd  shippes  remained  in  the  haven  aforesayd, 

341 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

did  at  your  commandement  (as  they  say)  arrest,  and  for  a 
long  season  also  deteined  under  that  arrest,  the  foresaid 
[I.  139.]  ships,  with  all  the  men  and  goods  that  were  in  them  : 
namely  untill  such  time,  as  the  men  and  mariners  afore- 
saide  (beeing  driven  perforce,  and  constrained  thereunto) 
should  lay  in  sufficient  securitie  for  the  payment  of  fortie 
pounds  sterling,  upon  a  certain  day  appointed,  unto  your 
use,  for  every  of  the  foresaide  ships  :  and  also  untill  they 
had  moreover  delivered  three  pledges,  for  the  bringing  of 
the  saide  ships  and  men  backe  againe  into  the  foresaid 
haven,  before  the  feast  of  the  nativitie  of  S.  John  the 
Baptist  next  ensuing,  then  and  there  to  stand  unto  your 
favour  and  curtesie,  as  touching  the  said  persons,  and 
those  ships  of  theirs  :  which  dealing,  the  parties  themselves 
take  very  grievously,  yea,  and  all  others  that  heare  thereof 
thinke  it  to  be  a  strange  and  unwonted  course.  And 
because  it  is  most  undoubtedly  contrary  to  all  reason, 
equitie,  justice,  and  lawe,  that  the  faults  or  demerits  of 
offenders  should  in  any  sort  be  punished  in  such  persons, 
or  in  their  goods,  as  neither  have  bene  accessory  nor 
partakers  in  the  crime,  nor  have  had  any  society  with  the 
saide  offenders  :  we  doe  heartily  intreat  and  request  your 
Highnes,  that  weighing  and  pondering  the  matter  in  the 
balance  of  justice,  you  would  of  your  love  and  friendship, 
command  the  foresaid  pledges  to  be  set  at  libertie,  and 
the  said  securitie  utterly  to  bee  released  and  acquited. 
And  know  you  this  for  a  certaintie,  that  if  the  foresaide 
malefactors,  who  (as  it  is  reported)  slewe  your  Knight 
aforesaide,  shall  any  where  within  our  realme  and 
dominions  be  found,  we  wil  cause  justice  and  judgement 
to  bee  executed  upon  them,  according  to  the  Lawe  and 
custome  of  our  sayde  Realme.  For  we  cannot  in  these 
times  conveniently  and  well  indure,  that  the  ships  afore- 
saide, or  any  other  ships  of  our  kingdome  (which  ought 
alwayes  to  be  in  a  readinesse  for  our  service)  should 
without  speciall  licence,  depart  out  of  our  saide  kingdome, 
unto  forreine  dominions.  Nowe,  what  you  shall  think 
good  at  this   our  request  to  performe  in  the  premisses, 

342 


KING  EDWARD    II.'S   LETTERS  ad. 

1313- 

may  it  please  you  by  the  bearer  of  these  presents  to  returne 
an  answere  unto  us.     Geven  at  Windsore  the  16.  of  April. 

Another  Letter  of  Edward  the  second,  to  Haqui- 
nus  King  of  Norway,  in  the  behalfe  of  cer- 
taine  English   Marchants. 

MAgnifico  Principi  Dom.  Haquino  Dei  gratia  regi 
Norwegias  illustri,  amico  suo  charissimo,  Edwardus 
eadem  Dei  gratia  Rex  Angliae,  dominus  Hyberniae,  &  dux 
Aquitaniae,  salutem  cum  dilectione  sincera.  Querelam 
dilectorum  Mercatorum  nostrorum  Thomae  de  Swyn  de 
Waynfleete,  &  Simonis   filii   Alani  de  eadem  recepimus,  j 

continentem,    Quod  cum   ipsi  nuper   quosdam   servientes  ^ 

suos   infra   regnum   vestrum  pro   suis   ibidem   exercendis  j 

mercimoniis  transmisissent,  Thesaurarius  vester  bona  &  | 

mercimonia  praedictorum  Thomae  &  Simonis  ad  valenciam  i 

quadraginta  librarum,  quae  servientes  praedicti  in  villa  de 
Northberne     in    sua     custodia     habuerunt,    die     Sancti  ^orthhem^ 
Michaelis  ultimo  praeterita  fecit  absque   causa  rationabili  ^^  ^'  , 

arestari,    &  ea  adhuc    taliter  arestata   detinet    injuste,  in 
ipsorum   Thomae   &  Simonis  damnum  non  modicum  &  \ 

depauperationem  manifestam.     Et  quia  eisdem  mercatori-  I 

bus  nostris  subvenire  volumus,  quatenus  suadente  justitia  : 

poterimus  in  hac  parte,  vestram  amicitiam  requirimus  cum  j 

afFectu,    quatenus    audita    querela    praedictorum    Thomae  j 

&  Simonis,  vel  ipsorum  atturnatorum  super  restitutione  \ 

bonorum     &    mercimoniorum     prasdictorum     impendere  \ 

velitis  eisdem  celeris  justitiae  complementum  :    Ita  quod 
pro  defectu  exhibitionis  justitiae  super  arestatione  praedicta  \ 

non  oporteat   nos   pro  mercatoribus   nostris  praedictis  de  i 

alio  remedio  providere.     Nobis  autem  quid  ad  hanc  nos-  ' 

tram    instantiam    duxeritis    faciendum,    rescribere    velitis  .; 

per  praesentium  portitorem.     Datae  ut  supra.  f 

The  same  in  English.  \ 

TO  the  mightie  Prince  Lord  Haquinus,  by  the  grace  \ 

of    God    the    famous    King    of  Norway,    his    most  \ 
deare  friend  Edward  by  the  same  grace  of  God  king  of 

343  ' 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

England,  Lorde  of  Ireland,  and  Duke  of  Aquitaine, 
greeting  and  sincere  love.  Wee  received  the  complaint 
of  our  welbeloved  Merchants  Thomas  de  Swyn  of  Wayn- 
fleet,  and  Simon  the  sonne  of  Alanus  of  the  same  towne : 
the  contents  whereof  are,  that  whereas  of  late,  the  saide 
parties  sent  certaine  of  their  servants  to  traffike  in  your 
kingdome,  your  Treasurer  upon  the  feast  of  S.  Michael 
last  past,  without  any  just  or  reasonable  occasion,  caused 
the  goods  and  merchandise  of  the  foresaide  Thomas  and 
Simon,  to  the  value  of  fortie  pound,  which  their  said 
servants  had  under  their  custodie  at  the  towne  of  North- 
berne,  to  be  arrested,  and  as  yet  also  injuriously  deteineth 
the  same  under  the  same  arrest,  to  the  great  damage  and 
impoverishing  of  the  sayd  Thomas  and  Simon.  And 
forasmuch  as  our  desire  is  to  succour  these  our  marchants 
so  far  foorth  as  we  can.  Justice  requiring  no  lesse  in  this 
[I.  140.]  behalfe,  we  doe  right  earnestly  request  you,  that  having 
hearde  the  complaint  and  supplication  of  the  foresayde 
Thomas  and  Simon,  or  of  their  Atturneyes,  you  woulde 
of  your  love  and  friendship,  vouchsafe  them  speedie 
administration  of  Justice,  about  the  restitution  of  their 
goods  and  marchandise  aforesaide :  least  that  for  want 
of  the  exhibiting  of  Justice  about  the  foresaid  arrest, 
we  be  constrained  to  provide  some  other  remedie  for 
our  marchants  aforesaid.  Our  request  is,  that  you  would 
by  the  bearer  of  these  presents,  returne  an  answere  unto 
us,  what  you  are  determined  to  doe,  at  this  our  instant 
motion.     Given  as  above. 

A  third  letter  of  King  Edward  the  second,  to 
Haquinus  King  of  Norway  in  the  behalfe 
of  certaine  English  Marchants. 

MAgnifico  Principi  Domino  Haquino  Dei  gratia  Regi 
Norwegiae  illustri,  amico  suo  charissimo,  Edwardus 
eadem  Dei  gratia  Rex  Angliae,  dominus  Hyberniae,  & 
dux  Aquitaniae,  salutem  cum  dilectione  sincera.  Pro 
mercatoribus  nostris  Lennas,  &  partium  vicinarum,  quos 
Ballivus  &  Officiarii  vestri  civitatis  vestrae  Bergen  dudum 

344 


KING   EDWARD    II.'S   LETTERS  ad. 

ceperunt,  &  stricto  career!  manciparunt,  quorum  multi  ut 
jam  intelleximus,  propter  alimentorum  subtractionem  & 
duritiam,  ac  asperitatem  carceris  perierunt,  ut  ipsorum 
&  bonorum  suorum  deliberationem  praecipere  curaretis, 
vestrae  serenitati  Regiae  nostras  nuper  transmisimus  literas 
speciales.  Sed  vos,  retentis  adhuc  in  carcere  nostris 
mercatoribus  sicut  prius,  nobis  per  literas  vestras  quas 
audivimus  &  intelleximus  diligenter,  inter  castera  rescrip- 
sistis,  quod  quidam  mercatores  de  regno  vestro  de 
injuriis,  violentiis  &  arrestationibus,  quibus  in  regno 
nostro  his  diebus  sunt,  ut  asserunt,  contra  justitiam 
aggravati,  multipliciter  conqueruntur,  adjiciendo  in  vestris 
Uteris  memoratis,  quod  quidam  iniquitatis  filii  in  villa 
Lennae,  ad  piscandum  ut  dicebant  halecia  venientes, 
quendam  militem  Ballivum  vestrum,  in  Vikia  una  cum 
decem  aliis  subditis  vestris,  in  vestris  &  regni  vestri 
negotiis  existentibus  crudeliter  occiderunt.  Super  quibus 
mens  nostra  gravatur  quamplurimum  &  turbatur,  pras- 
sertim  quum  nunquam  nostrae  fuerit  voluntatis,  quod 
injuriae,  violentiae,  seu  arrestationes  aliqu^  mercatoribus, 
vel  aliis  de  regno  vestro  per  aliquos  de  regno  & 
potestate  nostris  fierent  indebite  vel  injuste :  nee  adhuc 
intelligere  possumus,  quod  mercatoribus  vestris  per  ali- 
quem  vel  aliquos  de  subditis  nostris  hue  usque  aliter 
factum  fuerit :  Scientes  pro  certo  quod  si  nobis  per 
inquisitiones  legitimas  constare  poterit  hujusmodi  grava- 
mina subditis  vestris  infra  regnum  nostrum  illata  fuisse, 
nos  sufficientes  emendas,  &  satisfactiones  debitas  super 
illis,  celerisque  justitiae  complementum  fieri  faciemus. 
Et  insuper  si  malefactores  praedicti,  qui  praefatum 
militem,  &  alios  secum  existentes,  ut  prasmittitur,  occi- 
derunt, de  regno,  seu  potestate  nostra  sint,  vel  infra 
idem  regnum  vel  potestatem  poterunt  inveniri,  de  ipsis 
judicium  &  justitiam  fieri  prascipiemus,  secundum  Leges 
&  consuetudines  regni  nostri.  Et  quia  inter  nos  &  vos, 
nostrosque  &  vestros  subditos  hinc  inde  foveri  desidera- 
mus  mutuam  concordiam  &  amorem ;  ita  quod  merca- 
tores   nostri    &    vestri    mercandisas    suas    in    nostris    & 

345 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1313- 

Antiquitas  vestHs  regnis  &  dominiis  libere,  &  absque  impedimento 

commerctt  in-  y^leant    exercere,   prout    temporlbus    proP:enitorum    nos- 
ter  Andtam  ^     .  ^  •      o  f-  1  •      ° 

y  Norzve-  trorum  neri  consuevit,  <x  ex  dictarum  literarum  vestrarum 

giam.  serie   collegimus   evidenter  vos   promptos   esse   similiter, 

&  paratos  ad  omnia  &  singula,  quas  pro  vobis  &  vestris 
subditis  super  discordiis,  contentionibus,  aut  gravaminibus 
inter  nostros  &  vestros  subditos  qualitercunque  suscitatis 
pro  bono  pacis  &  justitiae  fuerint  aequanimiter  facienda: 
Nos  consimilia  pro  nobis  &  nostris,  quantum  ad  nos 
&  ad  ipsos  attinet,  illius  amore,  qui  pacis  author  fore 
dinoscitur,  &  pro  quiete  &  commodo  populi  utriusque 
regnorum  nostrorum,  quatenus  jus  &  ratio  dictitaverint, 
promittimus  nos  facturos :  Vestram  amicitiam  requirentes 
obnixius  &  rogantes,  quatenus  mercatores  nostros  prae- 
dictos,  qui  adhuc  superstites  relinquuntur,  quos  etiam 
tempore,  quo  dicta  felonia  committi  dicebatur,  inter- 
clusos  tenebat  custodia  carceralis,  jubere  velitis  nostri 
contemplatione,  zeloque  justitiae  ab  hujusmodi  custodia 
liberari,  bona  ab  ipsis  capta  eis  prout  justum  fuerit 
restitui  faciendo.  Et  ut  deliberatio  mercatorum  nostro- 
rum praedictorum,  &  bonorum  suorum  eo  facilius  con- 
cedatur,  placeat  vobis  cum  diligentia  debita  ponderare, 
quod  Galfridus  Drewe,  &  quidam  alii  mercatores  nostri 
de  Lenne,  quibusdam  mercatoribus  de  regno  vestro 
occasione  ejusdem  gravaminis  ipsis  mercatoribus  vestris, 

[I.  141.]  ad  sectam  Tidemanni  Lippe  infra  regnum  nostrum, 
ut  dicebatur,  illati,  centum  libras  sterlingorum  per- 
solverunt,  sicut  in  quodam  scripto  indentato  inter 
Ingelramum  Lende  de  Thorenden,  &  quosdam  alios 
mercatores  vestros  ex  parte  una,  &  praefatum  Galfridum, 
&  quosdam  alios  de  regno  nostro  similiter  ex  altera 
confecto,  vidimus  contineri.  Si  qui  vero  de  subditis 
vestris  de  aliquibus  subditis  nostris,  de  aliqua  injuria 
ipsis  facta  querelas  in  curia  nostra  deponere  voluerint, 
&  prosequi  cum  effectu,  ipsorum  subditorum  vestrorum 
petitiones  admitti,  &  eis  super  querelis  hujusmodi  plenam 
&  celerem  justitiam  fieri  faciemus.  Ita  quod  iidem  sub- 
diti  vestri  exinde  reputare  debebunt  merito  se  contentos. 

346 


KING   EDWARD    II.  S   LETTERS  ad. 

Et  interim  de  excessibus  &  gravaminibus  subditis  vestris 
infra  regnum  nostrum  qualitercunque  illatis  inquiri  facie- 
mus  cum  diligentia  veritatem.  Vestrae  igitur  voluntatis 
beneplacitum  in  praemissis  nobis  rescribere  velitis  per 
praesentium  portitorem.  Datae  apud  Westminster  tertio 
die  Aprilis. 

The  same  in  English. 

TO  the  mightie  Prince  king  Haquinus,  by  the  grace 
of  God  the  famous  king  of  Norway,  his  most 
deare  friend  Edward  by  the  same  grace  of  God,  king 
of  England,  lord  of  Ireland,  Duke  of  Aquitaine,  greeting 
and  sincere  love.  We  sent  of  late  unto  your  royall 
majestie  our  special  letters,  for  the  behalfe  of  our  late 
marchants  of  Lenne,  and  of  the  coast  adjoyning  (whome 
your  baily  and  officers  of  the  citie  of  Bergen  lately 
apprehended,  committing  them  to  close  prison,  many 
of  whome,  as  we  understand,  are,  for  want  of  due 
nourishment,  and  by  reason  of  the  extremitie  &  loath- 
somnesse  of  the  prison,  quite  perished)  that  you  would 
cause  them  and  their  goods  to  bee  released.  Howbeit, 
you  reteining  as  yet  our  marchants  in  durance  as  before, 
in  your  letters,  which  we  have  diligently  heard,  and 
throughly  understood,  have,  amongst  other  matters, 
returned  this  answere  unto  us :  that  certaine  marchants 
of  your  kingdome  doe  make  sundrie  complaints  of 
injuries,  violences  and  arrests,  whereby  they  have  lately 
(as  themselves  avouch)  contrary  to  justice  bene  aggrieved 
and  oppressed  in  our  dominions  :  adding  moreover  in 
your  sayde  letters,  that  certaine  sonnes  of  iniquitie  of 
the  towne  of  Lenne,  comming,  as  they  saide,  to  fish 
tor  herrings,  cruelly  murthered  a  certaine  Knight,  who 
was  in  times  past  your  bayliffe  of  Vikia,  together  with 
ten  others  of  your  subjects,  being  imployed  about  the 
affaires  of  your  kingdome.  In  consideration  whereof 
our  minde  is  exceedingly  and  above  measure  grieved 
and  troubled,  especially  sithence  it  was  never  any  part 
of   our    intent,    that  any    injuries,   violences,    or    arrests 

347 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

should  unjustly  be  inflicted  upon  any  marchants,  or 
any  others  of  your  realme  by  any  of  our  kingdomes : 
neither  can  we  as  yet  have  any  intelligence,  that  any 
such  hard  measure  hath  bene  offered  unto  any  of  your 
marchants,  by  any  one  or  moe  of  our  subjects :  giving 
you  for  a  certaintie  to  understand,  that  if  upon  lawfull 
inquisition  we  shalbe  advertised  of  any  such  grievances, 
which  have  bene  offered  unto  your  subjects  within  our 
realme,  we  will  cause  speedie  justice  to  be  administred, 
and  sufficient  recompence,  and  due  satisfaction  to  be 
made  in  regarde  thereof.  And  moreover,  if  the  saide 
malefactors,  which,  as  it  is  aforesaid,  slewe  the  fore- 
named  Knight,  and  others  of  his  companie,  either  be 
appertaining  unto  our  kingdome  and  dominion,  or  may 
at  any  time  be  found  within  our  saide  kingdome  or 
dominion,  we  will  command  justice  and  judgement  to 
be  executed  upon  them,  according  to  the  lawes  and 
customes  of  our  realme.  And  forasmuch  as  our  desire 
is,  that  mutuall  concord  and  amitie  should  be  mainteined 
and  cherished  between  your  and  our  subjects  on  both 
The  antiquity    parts :    SO   that   our   and  your   marchants   may,   in   both 

ojtiapque       Q^j.  ;^ga]j^es  and  dominions,  freely  and  without  impedi- 

bctwccnc  hi  n?-  .  .  .  . 

land  and  Nor-  i^^^t    exercise    their   traffique,   as    in    the    times    of  our 

way.  progenitors  it  hath  bene  accustomed :    Whereas  also  we 

evidently  gathered  out  of  the  contents  of  your  letter, 
that  you  are  in  like  sort  readie  and  willing  to  put  all 
things  in  practise,  which  are  by  you  and  your  subjects 
(for  the  taking  away  of  discords,  contentions,  and  moles- 
tations howsoever  occasioned,  and  sprung  up  betweene 
your  and  our  subjects)  lovingly  to  be  performed :  we 
also  doe  promise  for  our  selves,  and  our  subjects,  so 
much  as  in  us  and  them  lieth,  for  his  sake  who  is 
knowen  to  be  the  author  of  peace,  and  for  the  benefite 
&:  tranquilitie  of  both  our  Realmes  (as  justice  and 
reason  shall  move  us)  to  doe  the  like.  ,  Desiring  and 
earnestly  requesting  at  your  hands,  that  of  your  love 
and  friendship,  having  regard  of  us,  and  consideration 
of  justice,    you    would    commaund    that    our    foresaide 

348 


KING   EDWARD    II.'S    LETTERS                   a.d.  J 

marchants,  who   as  yet  remaine  alive,  and  who   also   at  1 
the    time    of    the    saide    felonie    committed,    were    shut 

up    in    close    prison,    be    delivered    out    of    the    saide  i 

thraldome,  causing   their  goods   which   have  bene   taken  ' 

from   them,   to   bee,   according  unto  justice,   restored   to  | 

them  again.     And    that    the    deliverie   of  our   foresaide  j 
marchants   and   goods,  may  be   the   more   easily  yeelded 

unto,    may   it   please  you    with    diligent   observation    to  i 

consider,  that  Gefferey  Drew,  and  certaine  other  of  our  j 

marchants  of   Lenne,  upon    occasion    of   the    greivances  I 

offered   unto   your    marchants   within     our    Realme,    (as  ! 

the  report  goeth)  at  the  suite  of  Tidman   Lippe,  paide  j 

unto     the     same    your    marchants    an    hundreth    pound  | 

sterling  :    even  as  in  a  certain  Indenture  made  betweene      [I.  142.]  ' 
Ingelram  Lende  of  Thorenden,  and  some  other  of  your 

marchants  on  the  one   part,  and   betweene  the  foresaide  i 

Gefirey,    and    certaine    of  our    marchants    on    the   other  | 

part,    wee    sawe  conteined.     Moreover,   if  any  of  your  ; 

subjects    be    minded    to     exhibite,    and     effectually    to  i 

prosecute  their  complaints  in  our  Court,  concerning  any  ■ 

of  our  subjects,  or  of  any  injury  done   unto   them,  we  j 

will   cause   the   petitions   of  those    your    subjects    to    be  ; 

admitted,     and    also     full    and  .  speedie    justice     to    be  i 

administred,    upon   any   such    like    complaints    of  theirs.  '. 

Insomuch,   that   those    your    subjects   shal   thinke   them-  ! 

selves  right  well   and   sufficiently  contented  therewithall.  ] 

And    in    the    meane    space    we    will    cause    diligent    in-  ' 
quisition  of  the  trueth  to   be  made,  of  all  excesses  and 

grievances  howsoever  offered   unto  your  subjects  within  I 

our    dominions.     May    it    please    you    therfore,    by   the  1 

bearer    of  these    presents,  to    returne    an    answere    unto  | 
us,  what  you   are  determined  to  doe  in   the   premisses. 

Given  at  Westminster,  the  third  day  of  April.  ' 


[De  Stapula 
3+9 


A.D. 
1320. 


Major  13 

Communitas 

stapula. 


Charta  anno 
regni  sexto 
confecta. 


THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

De  Stapula  tenenda  in  certo  loco  ordinatio, 
Anno   13.  Edwardi  secundi. 

REx  collectoribus  custumae  lanarum  &  pellium 
lanutarum  in  portu  London  salutem.  Cum  nos 
vicesimo  die  Maii  anno  regni  nostri  sexto  attendentes 
damna  &  gravamina,  quas  mercatoribus  de  regno  nostro 
diversimode  evenerunt,  ex  eo  quod  mercatores  tam 
indigenae  quam  alienigenae  lanas  &  pelles  lanutas  infra 
regnum  &  potestatem  nostram  ementes,  &  se  cum 
eisdem  lanis  &  pellibus  ad  vendendum  eas  ad  diversa 
loca  infra  terras  Brabantias,  Flandriae,  &  de  Artoys 
eorum  libito  voluntatis  transtulerint  :  &  volentes  etiam 
hujusmodi  damnis  &  gravaminibus  quatenus  bono  modo 
possemus  providere,  de  consilio  nostro  ordinaverimus, 
quod  mercatores  indigenae  &  alienigenae  lanas  &  pelles 
hujusmodi  infra  regnum  &  potestatem  praedictam  ementes, 
&  ad  terras  prasdictas  ibidem  vendendas  ducere  volentes, 
lanas  illas  &  pelles  ad  certam  stapulam  infra  aliquam 
earundem  terrarum,  per  Majorem  &  Communitatem 
eorundem  mercatorum,  de  regno  nostro  ordinandam 
assignari,  ac  prout  &  quando  expedire  viderint  mutan- 
dum,  &  non  ad  alia  loca  in  terris  illis  ducant,  seu  duci 
faciant  ullo  modo  :  &  inter  castera  concesserimus 
mercatoribus  de  regno  nostro  supradicto  pro  nobis  .& 
haeredibus  nostris,  quod  ipsi  Major  &  consilium 
dictorum  mercatorum,  qui  pro  tempore  fuerint,  quibus- 
cunque  mercatoribus  indigenis  seu  alienigenis,  qui 
contra  dictam  ordinationem  venerint,  &  modo  rationa- 
bili  convicti  fuerint,  certas  pecunias  summas  pro  delictis 
illis  imponant,  &  quod  illae  hujusmodi  summs  de 
bonis  &  mercimoniis  mercatorum  sic  delinquentium, 
ubicunque  ea  infra  regnum  &  potestatem  praedictam 
inveniri  contigerit,  per  ministros  nostros  ad  opus 
nostrum  leventur  :  prout  in  Charta  nostra  inde  confecta 
plenius  continetur  :  quam  quidem  Chartam  per  singulos 
comitatus  regni  nostri  super  costeras  maris  fecimus 
publican,  &  firmiter  inhiberi,  ne  qui  mercatores  indigenae 

350 


ORDINANCE   OF   THE   STAPLE 

seu  alienigenae  contra  tenorem  Chartae  praedictas  sub 
poenis  contentis  in  eadem  venerint  ullo  modo  :  Ac 
postmodum  dato  nobis  intelligi,  quod  quamplures 
mercatores  tarn  indigenae  quam  alienigenae,  lanas  & 
pelles  lanutas  infra  regnum  &  potestatem  praedictas 
ementes,  &  se  cum  eisdem  lanis  &  pellibus  ad 
vendendum  eas  ad  alia  loca  in  dictis  terris,  quam  ad 
Stapulam  juxta  concessionem  nostram  praedictam  per 
Majorem  &  communitatem  dictorum  mercatorum  de 
regno  nostro  in  aliqua  terrarum  illarum  ordinatam  & 
assignatam  transtulerint  in  nostri  contemptum,  &  contra 
Chartam  ordinationis,  publicationis  &  inhibitionis  pras- 
dictarum  assignaverimus  quosdam  fideles  nostros  in 
diversis  partibus  regni  ad  inquirendum  de  lanis  & 
pellibus  lanutis  ad  dictas  terras  alibi  quam  ad  Stapulam 
illam  ductis,  ita  quod  emendas  inde  ad  nos  pertinentes, 
ad  opus  nostrum  leventur  ;  etiam  intellexerimus,  quod 
quasi  omnes  mercatores  tam  indigenae  quam  alienigenae 
hujusmodi  mercimonia  in  dicto  regno  nostro  exercentes 
sunt  culpabiles  de  prasmissis  :  &  quod  plures  inde 
indictati,  ac  alii  timentes  inde  indictari,  lanas  suas  ac 
pelles  lanutas  sub  nominibus  aliorum  non  culpabilium 
faciunt  advocari,  &  extra  regnum  nostrum  transmitti 
quibusdam  alienigenis,  sic  culpabilibus  in  dictum  regnum 
fqrsitan  non  reversuris,  ut  sic  forisfacturas  praedictas 
effugiant,  &  nos  de  emenda  ad  nos  sic  pertinente 
illudant :  quae  si  permitterentur  sic  transire  in  nostri 
damnum  non  modicum  redundarent.  Nos  volentes 
hujusmodi  fraudibus  obviare,  &  nostris  damnis  quatenus 
bono  modo  poterimus  praecavere,  vobis  praecipimus 
firmiter  injungentes,  quod  a  singulis  mercatoribus  lanas 
seu  pelles  lanutas  per  portum  praedictum  ad  partes 
exteras  ducere  volentibus  corporale  sacramentum  ad 
sancta  Dei  Evangelia  recipiatis,  quod  ipsi  lanas  seu 
pelles  lanutas  sub  nomine  ipsius,  cujus  propriae  sunt, 
&  non  alterius  advocabunt.  &  tunc  recepta  ab  illo  cujus 
lanae  &  pelles  hujusmodi  erunt,  vel  nomine  suo 
sufficiente    securitate   pro    qua    respondere  volueritis,   de 

351 


A.D. 
1320. 


A.D.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1320. 

respondendo  &  faciendo  nobis  id  quod  ad  nos  pertinet 
de  lanis  &  pellibus  lanutis  per  ipsum  ductis  seu  missis 
[I.  143.]  ad  aliquam  dictarum  terrarum  Flandriae  &  Brabantiae, 
&  de  Artoys  contra  formam  Chartae,  proclamationis,  & 
inhibitionis  supradictarum,  si  ipsum  super  hoc  convinci 
contingat,  lanas  &  pelles  illas  lanutas  extra  portum  prae- 
dictum,  recepta  prius  custuma  debita  de  eisdem,  ad 
partes  exteras  transire  permittatis.  Teste  Rege  apud 
Doveram  decimo  octavo  die  Junii,  per  ipsum  Regem 
&   Consilium. 

Et  postmodum  per  breve  de  privato  sigillo  eodem 
modo  mandatum  est  collectoribus  custumae  praedicts  in 
portubus  subscriptis  :  Videlicet, 

In  portu  villas  Southhampton. 

In  portu  villae  Weymouth. 

In  portu  villae  Sancti  Botolphi. 

In  portu  villas  de  Kingtone  super  Hull. 

In  portu  villas  de  novo  Castro. 

In  portu  villae  de  magna  lernemutha. 

In  portu  villas  de  Lenne. 

In  portu  villas  de  Gypwico. 

The  same  in  English. 

An  Ordinance  of  the  Staple  to  bee  holden  at 
one  certaine  place. 

THe  King  unto  his  Collectors  of  custome,  for  wooll 
and  woollen  fels,  in  his  port  of  London,  greeting. 
Whereas  we  upon  the  20.  of  May,  in  the  sixt  yeere  of 
our  reigne,  considering  the  damages  and  grievances 
that  have  diversly  happened  unto  the  marchants  of  our 
realme,  upon  occasion  that  the  marchants  both  of  our 
owne,  &  of  other  countreis,  buying  up  wooll  and 
woollen  fels  within  our  kingdome  and  dominions,  have, 
for  the  better  sale  thereof,  at  their  pleasure  conveyed 
themselves,  and  trasported  the  said  wooll  &  fels  into 
sundry  places  within  the  provinces  of  Brabant,  Flanders 
and  Artoys  :  and  being  desirous  also,  to  our  power,  to 

352 


ORDINANCE    OF   THE    STAPLE  ad. 

1320. 
provide  a  remedie  against  such  damages  and  incon- 
veniences, have  ordained  by  our  counsel,  that  all 
marchants,  both  homeborne  and  aliens,  buying  up  such 
wools  and  fels,  within  our  kingdome  and  dominion 
aforesaid,  and  being  desirous  to  transport  them  into 
the  foresaid  provinces,  there  to  bee  solde,  may  carrie 
the  saide  wools  and  fels,  or  cause  them  to  be  caried  to 
some  certaine  staple,  within  any  of  the  saide  Provinces, 
by  the  Maior  and  Communaltie  of  the  said  marchants 
of  our  realme,  to  be  appointed  and  assigned,  and  when 
they  shall  thinke  it  expedient,  to  be  changed  and 
removed,  and  not  unto  any  other  place  within  the 
saide  Provinces  whatsoever  :  and  whereas  also,  amongst 
other  things,  we  have  granted  unto  the  marchants  of 
our  foresaid  realme,  for  us  and  our  heires,  that  the 
Maior  and  Councel  of  the  saide  marchants  for  the 
time  being,  may  impose  upon  all  marchants,  home- 
borne  or  aliens  whatsoever,  that  shall  transgresse  the 
foresaid  ordination,  and  shall  thereof  lawfully  be  con- 
victed, certaine  summes  of  money  to  be  paid  for  their 
offences,  and  that  such  summes  must  by  our  ministers 
and  officers,  to  our  use,  be  levied  out  of  the  goods 
and  wares  of  the  marchants  so  offending,  wheresoever 
they  shall  chance  to  be  found  within  our  kingdome  and 
dominions  aforesaid,  as  in  our  Charter  made  for  the  ^  Charter 
same  purpose,  it  is  more  plainly  expressed,  (which  ^.^"^^  ^^  ^^^ 
Charter  we  have  caused  to  be  published  upon  the  Sea-  \-^^  J^- 
coasts,  throughout  all  the  countreys  of  our  realme,  and 
a  strong  prohibition  to  be  proclaimed,  that  no  marchants, 
neither  home-borne,  nor  strangers,  may  in  any  wise 
transgresse  the  tenour  of  the  foresaide  Charter,  under 
the  penalties  therein  contained)  and  whereas  afterward 
it  beeing  given  us  to  understand,  that  divers  mar- 
chants both  home-borne,  and  aliens,  bought  up  such 
woolles  and  woollen  felles  within  our  saide  Realme  and 
dominions,  and  conveyed  themselves  with  the  saide  wools 
and  felles  for  the  sale  thereof,  unto  other  places  within 
the  foresaide  Provinces,  besides  the  saide  Staple,  which 
I  353  z 


AD.  THE   ENGLISH   VOYAGES 

1320.  ^  i 

was,  according  to  our  graunt  aforesaide,  appointed  and  | 
ordained  by  the  Maior  and  communaltie  of  the  said  j 
marchants  of  our  Realme,  in  some  one  of  those  Pro-  1 
vinces,  to  the  contempt  of  our  authoritie,  and  contrary  ! 
to  the  Charter  of  the  ordination,  publication,  and  inhibi-  j 
tion  aforesaide,  wee  assigned  certaine  of  our  faithfull  ; 
subjects,  in  divers  parts  of  our  Realme,  to  make  inquisi-  | 
tion  for  such  wools  and  woollen  felles,  as  were  conveyed 
unto  any  other  place  of  the  saide  Provinces,  then  unto  the  1 
Staple,  so  that  by  these  meanes,  the  penalties  due  unto  ! 
us  might  bee  levied  unto  our  use  :  and  having  intelligence  ! 
also,  that  in  a  maner  all  marchants  both  home-borne,  and 
strangers  bartering  such  wares  in  our  kingdome,  are  | 
culpable  of  the  premisses,  and  that  many  being  indicted  j 
thereupon,  and  others  fearing  to  bee  indicted,  doe  cause  i 
their  wools  and  woollen  felles  to  bee  avouched  under  the  | 
[I.  ]44.]  names  of  persons  not  culpable,  and  to  be  sent  over  unto  j 
certaine  strangers  being  also  culpable,  and  not  minding  \ 
perhaps  to  return  any  more  into  our  realme,  that  they 
may  so  escape  the  foresaid  forfeitures,  and  defraud  us  of 
the  penaltie,  appertaining  of  right  unto  us,  (which  abuses, 
if  they  were  suffered  so  to  goe  unpunished  woulde  re- 
dound unto  our  extreame  hinderance :)  and  beeing  like- 
wise desirous  to  withstand  such  deceitefull  dealing,  and 
so  farre  forth  as  wee  can,  to  prevent  our  owne  losses, 
we  firmely  command,  and  streightly  charge  you,  that  you 
doe  receive  of  every  particular  marchant,  desirous  to 
convey  any  wools,  or  woollen  fels  out  of  the  foresaid 
port,  into  any  forrein  dominions,  a  corporal  oath  upon 
Gods  holy  Evangelists :  that  they  shall  avouch  all  those 
wools  and  woollen  fels  under  his  name  unto  whom  they 
doe  properly  belong,  &  under  the  name  of  none  other : 
and  then  taking  sufficient  security  from  the  owner  of 
those  wools  and  fels,  or  in  his  name,  in  regard  whereof 
you  wil  undertake  to  warrantize,  and  make  good  unto 
us  those  penalties  and  forfaitures  which  shal  unto  us 
appertaine,  for  all  wools,  and  woollen  fels  conveied  or 
sent  by  any  of  the  foresaid  merchants  unto  any  of  the 

354 


I 


ORDINANCE   OF   THE   STAPLE 

said  provinces  of  Flanders,  Brabant,  and  Artoys,  contrary 
to  the  Charter  of  the  Proclamation  and  inhibition  above 
mentioned  (if  they  shal  chance  to  be  convinced  hereof) 
that  first,  our  due  custome  being  received,  you  doe  permit 
the  said  wools  and  woollen  fels  to  passe  out  of  the  fore- 
said port  into  forrein  countries.  Witnes  the  king  at 
Dover  the  i8.  day  of  June.  By  the  king  himselfe  and 
his  Councell. 

And  afterwarde  by  a  Writte  under  the  Kings  privie 
Seale  there  was  a  like  commandement  given  unto  the 
Collectors  of  the  custome  aforesayde  in  the  portes  under- 
written. 

That  is  to  say : 

Weymouth. 

Southhampton. 

Saint   Botulphs  towne,  nov/  called  Boston. 

Kingtone  upon  Hull, 

Newcastle. 

lernemouth  magna,  or  Yermouth. 

Lenne. 

Gypwick  or  Ipswich. 


A.D. 

1320. 


In  the  port 
of  the 
Towne  of 


END    OF    VOLUME    I. 


V  k.    . 


:^-< 


ii^^^^^^^^^ 


