RAW DOWNLOAD (complete file, unedited except for this header)
DESCRIPTION: Rye (ed.), Discovery and Conquest of Terra Florida (Hakluyt Society 1851; reprint of Hakluyt's Virginia richly valued), complete uncorrected OCR
URL FETCHED: https://archive.org/download/discoveryconques00ryewrich/discoveryconques00ryewrich_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
==============================================================================

'>   DISCOVERY     AND     (X)XQUEST 


OF 


TERRA    FLORIDA, 


DON   FERDINANDO   DE   SOTO, 


AND     SIX     HUNDRED     SPANIARDS 
HIS     FOLLOWERS. 


WRITTEN   BY   A    GENTLEMAN    OF    ELVAS,    EMPLOYED    IN    ALL    THE    ACTION,    AND 
TRANSLATED    OUT    OF    PORTUGUESE, 

BY    mCHARD   HAKLUYT. 


BE  PRINTED  FROM   THE  EDITION  OF   IGII. 


KDITEl), 

Wiii\)  Notes  anti  an  KntroUiirtion, 

AND     A     TRANSLATION     OF     A     NARRATIVE     OF     THE     EXPEDITION 
BY    LUIS    HERNANDEZ    DE    BIEDMA,  FACTOR    TO    THE    SAME, 


WILLIAM     B.    RYE, 

OF    THE    BEITISH    MUSEUM. 

/T  OF  THE 


LONDON : 

PRINTED     FOR     THE     IIAKLUYT     SOCIETY. 


lonuon: 
richards)  37,  gt.  queen  street. 


THE     HAKLUYT     SOCIETY. 


SIR  RODERICK  IMPEY  MURCHISON,  G.C.St.S.,  F.R.S.,  Corr.  Mem.  Inst.  Fr. 
Hon.  Mem.  Imp.  Acad.  Sc.  St.  Petersburg,  &c.,  &c.,  President. 

Vice-Admiral  Sir  CHARLES  MALCOLM,  Knt, 

Vice-Presidents. 


The  earl  OF  ELLESMERE. 

Rear-admiral  Sir  FRANCIS  BEAUFORT,  K.C.B. 

CHARLES  T.  BEKE,  Esq.,  Phil.  D.,  F.S.A. 

Captain  C.  R.  DRINKWATER  BETHUNE,  R.N.,  C.B. 

The  lord  ALFRED  S.  CHURCHILL. 

WILLIAM  DESBOROUGH  COOLEY,  Esq. 

BOLTON  CORNEY,  Esq.,  M.R.S.L. 

The  Right  Rev,  LORD  BISHOP  OF  ST.  DAVID'S. 

Sir  HENRY  ELLIS,  K.H.,  F.R.S. 

JOHN  FORSTER,  Esq. 

R.  W.  GREY,  Esq.,  M.P. 

THOMAS  HODGKIN,  Esq.,  M.D. 

JOHN  HOLMES,  Esq. 

JOHN  WINTER  JONES,  Esq. 

P.  LEVESQUE,  Esq. 

The  very  Rev.  the  DEAN  OF  ST.  PAUL'S. 

THOMAS  RUNDALL,  Esq. 

The  Right  Hon.  the  LORD  ADVOCATE  OF  SCOTLAND. 

The  Hon.  HENRY  E.  J.  STANLEY. 

R.  H.  MAJOR,  Esq.,  F.R.G.S.,  Honorary  Secretary. 


107169 


INTRODUCTION. 


The  first  account  of  Fernando  de  Soto's  travels 
tlu'ough  the  southern  portion  of  North  America,  was 
written  by  one  of  the  Portuguese  adventurers  who 
accompanied  the  expedition  throughout,  and  returned 
to  his  native  country.  It  was  published  at  Evora,  in 
1557,  under  the  following  title  :  "  Helacam  verdadeira 
dos  Trabalhos  q  ho  Gouernador  do  Fernado  d'  Souto 
&  certos  Fidalgos  Portugueses  passarom  no  d'scobri- 
meto  da  Provincia  da  Frolida.  Agora  nouamete  feita 
per  hu  Fidalgo  Deluas".  Copies  of  this  work  are 
extremely  rare.  The  price  of  one,  mentioned  in  Mr. 
Rich's  "  Catalogue  of  Books  relating  principally  to 
America",  is  stated  at  £31.  10s.  It  is  a  small  octavo, 
in  black  letter.  There  is  a  copy  in  the  collection  of 
the  Right  Honourable  Thomas  Grenville,  recently 
bequeathed  to  the  British  Museum. 

The  translation  by  Hakluyt,  here  reprinted,  of  this 
narrative  by  the  "  Gentleman  of  Elvas",  has  been 
already  brought  under  the  notice  of  the  Hakluyt 
Society  by  Mr.  Winter  Jones,  in  his  Introduction 
to  the  "  Divers  Voyages  touching  the  disco verie  of 
America".  The  reader  will  have  there  seen,  that 
Hakluyt's  intention  in  making  this  translation,  was 
evidently  to  encourage  the  young  colony  in  Virginia, 
and  to  procure  an  increase  of  support  for  that  under- 

h 


11 


INTRODUCTION. 


taking,  at  a  period  wlicn  its  chances  of  prosperity 
were  but  precarious.  The  work  first  appeared  in 
1609,  under  the  following  title:  Virginia  richly  valued 
hy  the  description  of  the  maine  land  of  Florida  her  next 
neighbour;  out  of  the  foure  yeeres  contimiall  travell  and 
discoverie  for  above  one  thousand  miles  east  and  tvest^  of 
Don  Ferdinando  de  Soto,  and  sixe  hundred  able  men  in  his 
comjoanie.  Wherein  are  truly  observed  the  riches  and 
fertilitie  of  those  parts  abounding  luith  things  necessarie, 
pleasant,  and  profitable  for  the  life  of  man  ;  tuith  the 
natures  and  dispositions  of  the  inhabitants.  Written  by 
a  For  tug  all  gentleman  of  Elvas,  emploiedin  all  the  action, 
and  translated  out  of  Fortuguese  by  Richard  Halduyt, 
At  London,  printed  by  Felix  Kyngston  for  Mattheio 
Loivnes,  1609  ;   small  4to.^ 

^  Among  the  poems  of  Michael  Drayton,  the  celebrated  author 
of  the  Polyolbion,  is  an  ''  Ode  to  the  Virginian  Voyage",  which 
was  most  probably  written  at  this  period  (1609),  and  in  a  warm 
tone  of  sjTnpathy  with  Hakluyt's  praiseworthy  exertions.  We 
quote  from  the  collected  edition  of  his  poems  published  in  1619-20  : 

You  brave  heroique  minds, 
Worthy  yoiu'  countries  name, 

That  honour  still  pursue, 

Goe,  and  subdue, 
Whilst  loyt'ring  hinds 
Lurk  here  at  home  with  shame. 

Britans,  you  stay  too  long, 
Quickly  aboord  bestow  you, 

And  Avith  a  merry  gale, 

Swell  your  stretch'd  sayle. 
With  Yowes  as  strong 
As  the  winds  that  bloAv  you. 

Your  course  securely  steere, 
AVest  and  by  south  forth  keepe  ; 

Rocks,  lee-shores,  nor  sholes. 

When  Eolus  scowles. 
You  need  not  feare. 
So  absolute  the  deepe. 


And  cheerefuUy  at  sea, 
Successe  you  still  intice. 

To  get  the  pearle  and  gold, 

And  ours  to  hold 
Virginia, 
Earth's  only  Paradise, 

Where  nature  hath  in  store 
Fowle,  venison,  and  fish  ; 

And  the  fruitfull'st  soyle, 

Without  your  toyle. 
Three  harvests  more. 
All  greater  then  you  wish. 

And  the  ambitious  vine, 
Crownes  with  his  purple  masse 

The  cedar  reaching  hie 

To  kisse  the  sky. 
The  cypresse,  pine, 
And  usefull  sassafras, 


INTRODUCTION. 


Ill 


The  losses  and  mismanagement  of  the  Virginia 
colony  during  the  following  year,  had  produced  so 
much  discouragement,  and  Hakluyt,  as  one  of  the 
chief  patentees  under  the  charter  granted  by  King 
James  for  establishing  this  first  settlement  of  the 
English  in  North  America,  naturally  felt  so  much 
interest  in  its  success,  that  as  a  fresh  temptation  to 
adventurers,  and  to  stimulate  the  exertions  of  the 
colonists  themselves,  he  in  the  year  1611  altered  the 
title  of  the  "  Virginia  richly  valued",  to  that  which 
we  have  adopted  for  our  title-page. 

Our  reason  for  giving  preference  to  the  later  title, 
is  not  only  that  it  is  much  more  scarce,  but  that  it 
precludes  the  chance  of  a  mistake,  into  which  the 
earlier  title  might  lead  an  unprepared  reader,  of  con- 
cluding that  the  work  itself  treated  of  Virginia,  and 
not  of  Florida. 

This  little  volume  is  extremely  rare,  not  being 
included  in  either  of  the  editions  of  Hakluyt's  cele- 


To  whose,  the  Golden  Age 
Still  natures  lawes  doth  give  ; 

No  other  cares  that  tend, 

But  them  to  defend 
From  winters  age, 
That  long  there  doth  not  live. 

When  as  the  lushious  smell 

Of  that  delicious  land, 

Above  the  seas  that  flowes 
The  cleere  wind  throwes 

Your  hearts  to  swell, 

Approching  the  deare  strand. 

In  kenning  of  the  shore 
(Thanks  to  God  first  given) 

0  you,  the  happy 'st  men, 

Be  frolike  then  ; 
Let  cannons  roarc. 
Frighting  the  wide  Heaven, 


And  in  regions  farre. 

Such  heroes  bring  yee  foorth 

As  those  from  whom  we  came ; 

And  plant  our  name 
Under  that  starre 
Not  knowne  unto  our  north. 

And  as  there  plenty  growes 
Of  lawrell  every  where, 

Apollo's  sacred  tree, 

You  it  may  see, 
A  poets  browes 
To  crowne,  that  may  sing  there. 

Thy  Voyages  attend, 
Industrious  Hacklvit, 

Whose  reading  shall  inflame 

Men  to  seeke  fame, 
And  much  commend 
To  after-times  thy  wit. 


IV  INTRODUCTION. 

brated  collection,  though  reprinted  in  the  supplement 
to  that  of  1809. 

In  America,  it  has  been  reprinted  by  Mr.  Peter 
Force,  in  the  fourth  volume  of  his  collection,  entitled, 
"  Tracts  and  other  Papers  relating  principally  to  the 
origin,  settlement,  and  progress  of  the  colonies  in 
North  America";  published  at  Washington  in  1846, 
but  Avithout  any  notes  ;  and  in  "  Part  ii"  of  the  "  His- 
torical Collections  of  Louisiana"  (Philadelphia,  1850), 
also  without  annotation,  in  which  the  spelling  is 
modernized,  and  Hakluyt's  preface,  and  his  marginal 
notes,  Avith  the  exception  of  three,  omitted. 

An  abridgment  of  Hakluyt's  translation  is  inserted 
in  "  Purchas  his  Pilgrimes",  fol.  1625.  Part  iv,  pp. 
1528-1556. 

Another  English  version, — but  very  inferior  to  that 
by  Hakluyt,  and  erroneous  as  to  numbers,  distances, 
and  names  of  places,  —  was  published  anonymously 
in  1686,  in  8vo.,  under  the  title  of  "A  Eolation 
of  the  invasion  and  conquest  of  Florida  by  the  Spa- 
niards, under  the  command  of  Fernando  de  Soto, 
written  in  Portuguese  by  a  gentleman  of  the  town 
of  Elvas.  Now  Englished.  To  which  is  subjoyned, 
Two  Journeys  of  the  present  Emperour  of  China 
[Kang-He]  into  Tartary,  in  the  years  1682  and 
1683,  with  some  discoveries  made  by  the  Spaniards 
in  the  Island  of  California,  in  the  year  1683".  This, 
however,  was  merely  a  translation  from  a  French 
version,  anonymous  also,  but  by  Citri  de  la  Guette, 
which  appeared  in  Paris  the  year  before,  in  12mo., 
entitled,  "  Ilistoire  de  la  C  onqueste  de  la  Floride  par 


INTRODUCTION.  V 

les  Espagnols,  sous  Ferdinand  de  Soto,  ecrite  en  Por- 
tiigais  par  un  gentilhomme  de"  la  ville  d'Elvas." 

The  Preface  to  this  second  English  translation  says : 
"  This  Relation  now  published  has  the  preference  in 
Spain,  not  onely  for  its  rarity,  but  for  the  merit  of  its 
author  also.  As  to  its  rarity,  there  was  but  one  manu- 
script of  it  in  Spain,  which  was  taken  out  of  the  library 
of  the  Duke  of  Sessa  to  be  printed,  and  but  few  copies 
of  the  impression  in  any  other  country  besides.  It  hath 
the  advantage  to  be  an  original,  and  to  come  from  the 
first  hand ;  whereas  that  of  the  Ynca  Garcilasso  de  la 
Vega  came  abroad  but  since,^  and,  how  pompous 
soever  it  may  appear  in  language,  has  no  greater 
authority  than  the  bare  report  of  a  private  trooper, 
and  by  consequent  cannot  be  compared  to  this,  since 
the  trooper  who  served  Fernando  de  Soto  in  that 
exj)edition,  might,  for  want  of  good  intelligence,  have 
in  many  things  been  mistaken,  as  well  as  Garcilasso, 
for  want  of  memory  and  application.  The  truth  of 
this  seems  more  than  probable,  seeing  Garcilasso,  in 
the  beginning  of  his  Florida,  affirms  confidently,  that 
Soto  Avent  thither  accompanied  with  thirteen  hundred 
men ;  whereas  our  author  says,  and  that  upon  better 
ground,  that  he  had  but  six  hundred ;  whereupon,  it 
is  to  be  observed,  that  a  gentleman,  as  he  was,  hath 

^  Garcilasso  de  la  Vega's  History  of  Florida  was  completed 
in  1591.  It  was  first  printed  at  Lisbon  in  1605,  under  the  title  of 
''La  Florida  del  Ynca.  Historia  del  Adelantado  Hernando  de 
Soto,  Governador  y  capitan  general  del  reyno  de  la  Florida,  y  de 
otros  heroicos  cavalleros  Espanoles  e  Indios."  We  shall  presently 
have  occasion  to  offer  some  remarks  on  the  relative  merits  of  the 
Portuguese  and  Spanish  works. 


VI  INTRODUCTION. 


commonly  more  knowledge,  and  a  greater  respect  for 
truth,  than  a  private  souldier.  The  title  of  the  rela- 
tion informs  us,  that  our  author  was  a  Portusfuese 
gentleman  of  the  town  of  Elvas,  and  that  he  accom- 
panied Soto  in  all  that  expedition.  He  is  certainly 
one  of  those  who  are  named  in  the  second  chapter, 
though  he  cannot  be  particularly  known,  since  he  has 
been  unwilling  to  name,  or  any  other  way  distinguish 
himself  from  the  rest.  It  is  very  probable  that  his 
birth  and  quality  made  him  to  be  admitted  into  the 
most  important  councils  and  deliberations ;  and  the 
particular  account  he  gives  us  of  them,  is  sufficient 
to  confirm  this  opinion.  It  is  not  at  all  to  be  doubted 
then,  but  that  his  information  w^as  good;  and  they 
who  take  the  pains  to  examine  his  book,  will  be  con- 
vinced of  it,  by  his  way  of  writing.  His  stile  is 
natural,  plain,  and  without  any  ornaments,  such  as 
the  stile  of  a  discourse  ought  to  be,  which  hath  truth 
onely  for  its  object.  He  never  wanders  from  his  sub- 
ject into  useless  digressions,  as  Garcilasso  de  la  Vega 
doth,  who  seems  to  have  had  no  other  scope  but  to 
relate  the  exploits  of  Gonsales  Sylvester,  whom,  in  a 
manner,  he  makes  the  heroe  of  his  romance ;  and 
who,  nevertheless,  is  not  so  much  as  named  by  our 
author." 

A  Dutch  translation  is  in  Van  der  Aa's  volumin- 
ous collection  of  voyages  and  travels,  "  Naaukeurige 
versameling  der  gedenk-w^aardigste  Zee  en  Land 
Reysen  na  Oost  en  West-Indien",  published  at  Ley- 
den  in  1706,  in  8vo.,  accompanied  by  a  map,  and 
beautiful  (?)  engravings — "  schoone  kopere   Platen". 


INTIIODUCTIOX.  Vll 

The  same  map  is  inserted  in  the  French  translation 
of  Garcilasso  cle  la  Vega's  "  Florida",  by  Pierre 
Richelet,  published  by  Van  der  Aa,  at  Leyden,  in 
1731. 

The  Appendix  to  the  present  edition  consists  of  a 
translation  of  another  narrative  of  Soto's  expedition, 
written  by  Biedrna,  or  Yiedma,  a  Spaniard,  who  accom- 
panied it  in  the  capacity  of  factor.  This  translation  we 
have  made  from  Ternaux-Compans'  Recueil  de  Pieces 
sur  la  Floride,  published  at  Paris  in  1841,  and  forming 
part  of  his  collection  of  "  Voyages,  relations  et  me- 
moires  originaux  pour  servir  a  I'histoire  de  la  decou- 
verte  de  I'Amerique".  An  abridgment  of  this  narrative 
is  given  in  the  Historical  Collections  of  Louisiana, 
before  quoted,  as  "  A  translation  of  a  recently  dis- 
covered Manuscript  Journal",  and  in  the  Preface 
to  the  volume,  we  are  informed  that  this  manuscript 
was  discovered  in  Spain  ;  the  natural  assumption  from 
which  would  be,  that  the  version  in  question  had 
been  made  from  the  original  Spanish  document :  we 
are,  however,  at  a  loss  to  account  for  the  occasional 
introduction  of  French  words,  such  as  Facfeicr  de  sa 
Majeste^  Pamfile^  Saint  Esprit^  etc.^ 

The  question,  as  to  whether  England  or  Spain  may 
claim  the  priority  in  the  discovery  of  Florida,  has 
given  rise  to  many  contradictory  statements.  By  the 
English,  the  honour  has  been  claimed  for  Sebastian 

^  It  is  only  a  few  days  since,  and  after  the  text  had  been  printed 
off,  that  an  opportunity  was  afforded  us,  through  the  obliging 
attention  of  Mr.  Henry  Stevens,  of  inspecting  the  volume  of  the 
Historical  Collections  above  alluded  to. 


Vlll  INTRODUCTION. 

Cabot ;  and  by  the  Spaniards,  for  Ponce  de  Leon. 
Upon  this  subject,  the  historian  De  Thou,  in  his 
"  Historia  sui  temporis",  lib.  xliv,  12mo.,  1609,  has 
the  following  remark : — "  Floridam,  qui  primus  inve- 
nerit,  inter  scriptores  ambigitur.  Hispani  . . .  gloriam 
Joanni  Pontio  Legionensi  deferunt . . .  verum  quod  et 
certius  est,  plerique  affirmant,  jam  ante  Sebastianum 
Gabotum  ...  primum  in  eam  Indiarum  provinciam 
venisse." 

Mr.  Biddle,  in  his  "  Memoirs  of  Sebastian  Cabot", 
thus  treats  the  matter : 

"  The  question,  how  far  Cabot,  on  quitting  the 
north,  proceeded  along  the  coast  of  the  continent,  has 
been  the  subject  of  contradictory  statements.  By 
some,  his  progress  is  limited  to  a  latitude  correspond- 
ing with  that  of  the  Straits  of  Gibraltar,  while  others 
insist  on  carrying  him  to  the  extreme  point  of  the 
Atlantic  sea  coast.  We  can  hardly  be  at  a  loss  to 
decide,  when  it  is  recollected  that  while  there  is  no 
du'ect  authority  for  the  latter  opinion, — and  it  is  one 
which  would  readily  be  adopted,  in  mistake,  from  the 
vague  use  originally  of  the  title  Florida^ — the  former 
has  the  direct  sanction  of  Peter  Martyr,  [Dec.  iii, 
cap.  vi),  '  Tetenditque  tantum  ad  meridiem,  littore 
sese  incurvante,  ut  Herculei  freti  latitudinis/^r^  gradus 
equarit ;  ad  occidentemque  profectus  tantum  est  ut  Cu- 
bam  insulam  a  Iseva  longitudine  graduum  pene  parem 
habuerit.'  '  He  was  thereby  brought  so  far  into  the 
south,  by  reason  of  the  lande  bending  so  much  south- 
warde,  that  it  was  there  almost  equall  in  latitude  with 
the  sea  called  Fretum  Herculewn^  having  the  north  pole 


INTRODUCTION.  IX 

elevate  in  maner  in  the  same  degree.  He  sayled 
likewise  in  this  tract  so  farre  towarde  the  west,  that 
hee  hadde  the  iland  of  Cuba  on  his  left  hande,  in 
maner ^  in  the  same  degree  of  longitude.' "  (Peter 
Martyr's  Decades^  translated  by  Lok,  p.  125.)^ 

Gomara,  more  definitely,  but  perhaps  only  deter- 
mining by  conjecture  the  circumstantial  statement  of 
Peter  Martyr,  names  38°.  Hakluyt,  in  the  dedica- 
tion of  his  second  volume  to  Sir  Robert  Cecil,  boasts 
of  the  universal  acknowledgment,  even  by  foreigners, 
"  that  all  that  mighty  tract  of  land,  from  sixty-seven 
degrees  northward,  to  the  latitude  almost  of  Florida, 
was  first  discovered  out  of  England,  by  the  command- 
ment of  King  Henry  VII";  and  again,  in  a  marginal 
note  of  his  third  volume  (p.  9),  he  states,  that  Cabot 
discovered  "the  northern  parts  of  that  land,  and  from 
thence  as  far  almost  as  Florida." 

Peter  Martyr  informs  us,  that  a  failure  of  provisions 
at  this  point  compelled  an  abandonment  of  the  fur- 
ther pursuit  of  the  coast,  and  a  return  to  England. — 
(Biddle's  Memoir  of  Seh.  Cahot,  pp.  79-80.) 

It  has,  however,  to  be  observed,  that  while  it  is 
difficult  to  decide  how  far  Cabot  may  have  sailed  in 
his  southward  track  along  the  eastern  coasts  of  Ame- 
rica, before  he  was  compelled  from  want  of  provisions 
to  direct  his  course  towards  England,  it  is  equally 
difficult  to  decide  how  much  of  the  southern  portion 

^  Peter  Martyr,  in  the  same  page  of  his  Decades,  speaks  of  the 
great  navigator  in  these  terms  : — ''Cabot  is  my  very  friende,  whom 
I  use  familiarly,  and  delight  to  have  him  sometimes  keepe  mee 
companie  in  my  owne  house." 

C 


X  INTRODUCTION. 

of  North  America  at  that  time  bore  the  name  of 
Florida.  We  learn  from  Sanford's  History  of  the  United 
States^  that  "  Florida  then  included  an  indefinite  ex- 
tent of  territory  north  and  west  of  the  present  Flo- 
ridas";  and  in  Williams's  Territory  of  Florida^  it  is  said 
that  "  The  name  Florida  was  at  one  period  applied  to 
all  that  tract  of  country  which  extends  from  Canada  to 
the  Rio  del  Norte.  This  extent  has  in  a  course  of 
two  hundred  years  been  curtailed  by  various  political 
arrangements,  until  it  was  finally  settled  by  the  treaty 
Avith  Spain,  in  1795." 

Whatever  may  have  been  the  southernmost  point 
reached  by  Cabot  in  coasting  America  on  his  return, 
it  is  certain  that  he  did  not  land  in  Florida,  and  that 
the  honour  of  first  exploring  that  country  is  due  to 
Juan  Ponce  de  Leon.  This  cavalier,  who  was  gover- 
nor of  Puerto  Pico,  induced  by  the  vague  traditions 
circulated  by  the  natives  of  the  West  Indies,  that 
there  was  a  country  in  the  north  possessing  a  foun- 
tain whose  waters  restored  the  aged  to  youth,  made 
it  an  object  of  his  ambition  to  be  the  first  to  discover 
this  marvellous  region.  With  this  view,  he  resigned 
the  governorship,  and  set  sail  with  three  caravels  on 
the  3rd  of  March  1512.  Steering  N.  ^  N.,  he  came 
upon  a  country  covered  with  fiowers  and  verdure ; 
and  as  the  day  of  his  discovery  happened  to  be  Palm 
Sunday,  called  by  the  Spaniards  Pasqua  Florida,  he 
gave  it  the  name  of  Florida  from  this  circumstance.^ 

^  Peter  Mart}T  says  [Dec.  iv,  Lok's  transl.  p.  163),  ^'Joannes 
Pontius  called  it  Florida,  because  he  founde  that  Hand  on  the  day 
of  the  resurrection ;  the  Spaniard  calleth  Easter  the  flourishing  day 


INTRODUCTION.  XI 

He  landed  on  the  2nd  of  April,  and  took  posses- 
sion of  the  country  in  the  name  of  the  king  of  Castile. 
The  warlike  people  of  the  coast  of  Cautio  (a  name 
given  by  the  Indians  to  all  the  country  lying  between 
Cape  Canaveral  and  the  southern  point  of  Florida) 
soon,  however,  compelled  him  to  retreat,  and  he  pur- 
sued his  exploration  of  the  coast  as  far  as  30°  8'  north 
latitude,  and  on  the  8th  of  May  doubled  Cape  Cana- 
veral. Then  retracing  his  course  to  Puerto  Kico,  in 
the  hope  of  finding  the  island  of  Bimini,  which  he 
believed  to  be  the  Land  of  Youth,  and  described  by 
the  Indians  as  opposite  to  Florida,  he  discovered  the 
Bahamas,  and  some  other  islands,  previously  unknown. 
Bad  weather  compelling  him  to  put  into  the  isle  of 
Guanima  to  repair  damages,  he  despatched  one  of 
his  caravels,  under  the  orders  of  Juan  Perez  de 
Ortubia  and  of  the  pilot  Anton  de  Alaminos,  to  gain 
information  respecting  the  desired  land,  which  he 
had  as  yet  been  totally  unable  to  discover.  He 
returned  to  Puerto  Bico  on  the  21st  of  SejDtember. 
and  a  few  days  afterwards,  Ortubia  arrived  also  with 
news  of  Bimini.  He  reported,  that  he  had  explored 
the  island, — which  he  described  as  large,  well  wooded, 
and  watered  by  numerous  streams, — but  he  had  failed 
in  discovering  the  fountain.  Oviedo  places  Bimini  at 
forty  leagues  west  of  the  island  of  Bahama.     Thus 

of  the  resurrection".  But  according  to  Purchas,  it  was  so  named 
"  because  it  was  first  discovered  by  the  Spaniards  on  Pahn  Sunday, 
or  on  Easter  Day,  which  they  call  Pasqua  Florida  ;  and  not,  as 
Thevet  write th,  for  the  flourishing  verdure  thereof".  Herrera  says 
that  Ponce  de  Leon  had  regard  to  both  reasons. 


XU  INTRODUCTION. 

all  the  advantages  which  Ponce  cle  Leon  promised 
himself  from  this  voyage,  turned  to  the  profit  of 
geography :  the  title  of  "  Adelantado  of  Bimini  and 
Florida",  which  was  conferred  upon  him,  was  purely 
honorary ;  but  the  route  taken  by  him  in  order  to 
return  to  Puerto  Pico,  showed  the  advantage  of 
making  the  homeward  voyage  to  Spain  by  the 
Bahama  Channel;  and  science  became  indebted  to 
him  also  for  the  first  exploration  of  the  small  islands, 
and  numberless  rocks  and  shoals,  which  render  tliis 
arm  of  the  sea  so  dangerous  to  navigation. 

Many  authors  have  spoken  of  the  miraculous  foun- 
tain, whose  waters  effaced  the  wrinkles  of  age  and 
restored  departed  beauty.  Thus,  in  the  old  Pomance 
of  "  Huon  de  Bordeaux",  mention  is  made  of  it  in 
these  terms  : — "  Elle  etait  situee  dans  un  lieu  desert, 
et  venait  du  Nil  et  du  Paradis  terrestre.  Ses  vertus 
etaient  telles  que  si  un  homme  malade  en  buvait  ou 
en  lavait  ses  mains,  il  etait  aussitot  sain  et  gueri ;  et 
s'il  etait  vieux  et  decrepit,  il  revenait  a  I'age  de 
trente  ans,  et  une  femme  etait  aussi  fi*aiche  qu'une 
pucelle."  Edmund  Burke  also  in  his  anonymously 
published  "  European  Settlements  in  America",  hu- 
morously remarks,  that  if  this  fountain  had  been  dis- 
covered, "it  would  undoubtedly  be  the  best  commodity 
the  country  could  yield,  both  for  domestic  consump- 
tion and  for  the  foreign  markets,  and  would  be  a  far 
better  basis  for  stocks  and  funds  than  the  richest 
mines  of  gold  or  silver." 

In  the  year  1519,  Francisco  Garay,  Governor  of 
Jamaica,  sent  out  at  his  OAvn  expense  four  ships,  with 


INTRODUCTION.  Xlll 

skilful  pilots,  under  the  command  of  Alonzo  Alvarez 
de  Pineda,  with  orders  to  search  for  some  gulf  or  strait 
on  the  continent  towards  Florida.  They  sailed  dur- 
ing eight  or  nine  months,  without  meeting  with  the 
success  anticipated,  having  seen  only  the  same  country 
which  had  been  already  explored  by  Ponce  de  Leon. 
After  this,  they  endeavoured  to  coast  eastwards ;  but 
the  numerous  shoals  and  reefs  which  they  encountered, 
together  with  the  contrary  winds,  and  the  violence  of 
the  currents,  compelled  them  to  return.  They  then 
held  a  westerly  course,  making  a  careful  survey  of  all 
the  country,  bays,  rivers,  and  other  objects  worthy  of 
notice,  till  they  fell  in  with  Hernando  Cortes,  who 
happened  at  that  time  to  be  engaged  at  Vera  Cruz. 
They  made  this  the  limit  of  their  researches,  having 
ranged  the  coast  for  the  distance  of  more  than  three 
hundred  leagues,  and  taken  possession  of  the  country 
for  the  crown  of  Castile.  On  their  homeward  voyage, 
they  discovered  a  mighty  river,  at  whose  mouth  dwelt 
a  considerable  population.  They  sailed  six  leagues 
up  this  river,  on  either  shore  of  which  they  observed 
about  forty  villages,  situated  in  a  province  called 
Amichel.^ 

The  next  visit  to  Florida  by  Europeans  was  made 
in  the  year  1520,  by  the  licentiate  Lucas  Vasquez  de 
Ayllon,  described  by  Peter  Martyr  as  a  "  grave  man, 
and  of  authority,  and  a  citizen  of  Toledo".  This  man 
wanting  slaves  to  work  the  Spanish  mines,  entered 
into  an  agreement  with  some  of  his  associates  to  kid- 
nap a  number  of  Caribs  from  the  neighbouring  islands 

^  Navarrete.      Coleccion  de  las  Viages,  etc.,  torn,  iii,  pp.  63,  148. 


XIV  INTRODUCTION. 

in  lieu  of  those  who  were  rapicQy  disappearing  under 
the  hard  treatment  of  the  Spaniards.  He  equipped 
two  ships  at  San  Domingo,  and  steering  either  by 
chance  or  design,  or  driven,  according  to  Barcia,  by  a 
tempest  in  a  north-w^esterly  direction,  he  came  to  the 
most  distant  part  of  the  Bahama  islands,  and  thence 
to  that  part  of  Florida  between  32°  and  33"  of  north 
latitude.  He  then  discovered  and  surveyed  two  pro- 
vinces, one  named  Chicora ;  and  the  other,  according 
to  Barcia,  Duharhe,  but,  according  to  Navarrete, 
Gualdape, — a  river,  which  w^as  named  the  Jordan,^ 

^  Writers  disagree  as  to  the  part  of  the  coast  upon  which  Vas- 
quez  landed,  and  as  to  the  river  called  Jordan.  Ribault  believed 
Port  Royal  to  be  the  same  river.  He  says  :  "  This  is  the  river  of 
Jordan  in  mine  opinion,  whereof  so  much  hath  been  spoken." 
Laudonniere  thought  differently,  and  supposed  the  Jordan  to  be 
further  north.  [Basatiie)-,  p.  16.)  The  place  of  landing  was  called 
Cape  St.  Helen's,  which  in  Charlevoix's  map  is  placed  near  the 
Santee,  making  that  river  the  Jordan,  This  is  evidentlj'  a  mistake. 
St.  Helen's  Sound  is  more  than  half  a  degree  south  of  the  Santee, 
and  about  twenty  miles  north  of  Port  Royal.  The  Jordan  was 
doubtless  one  of  the  large  rivers  emptying  into  this  sound.  There 
are  three  such  rivers, — the  Coosaw,  the  Combahee,  and  the  Edisto. 
Of  these  the  Coosaw  is  the  largest,  and  is  most  likely  to  have  been 
the  Jordan.  But  the  Coosaw  is  only  an  extension  of  the  Broad  river, 
or  Ribault' s  western  arm;  the  two  uniting  to  encompass  the  island 
of  Port  Royal ;  so  that  Ribault,  in  his  expedition'  up  the  western 
arm,  [in  1562]  may  have  entered  the  waters  of  the  Jordan.  It  is 
singular,  however,  that  so  recent  an  event  as  that  of  the  treacher- 
ous conduct  of  Vasquez, — his  last  voyage  having  been  in  1525, — 
should  not  have  been  remembered  by  the  natives,  and  caused  them 
to  view  their  new  visitors  with  strong  suspicion,  if  not  to  have  met 
them  with  open  hostility.  But  it  would  not  seem,  from  anything 
that  is  ^^Titten  by  Ribault  or  Laudonniere,  that  the  natives  had 
ever  before  seen  or  heard  of  Eurojoeans.  [Note  by  Mr.  Jared  Sparks, 
in  his  ''Life  of  Ribault", — vol   xvii  of  American  Biography.^ 


INTRODUCTION.  XV 

after  the  captain  of  one  of  the  vessels, — and  a  Cape  St. 
Helena,  so  called  because  discovered  on  St.  Helena's 
day.  The  Indians  of  Duharhe  are  thus  described  by 
Peter  Martyr,  on  the  authority  of  Ayllon : — "  These 
people  have  a  king  of  a  gyantlike  stature  and  height, 
called  Datlia^  and  they  say  that  the  queene  his  wife 
is  not  much  shorter  than  himselfe.  This  lord  being 
demanded,  why  he  alone  and  his  wife  should  attaine 
to  that  talnesse  and  height  of  body,  and  none  of  the 
people  besides,  says,  that  this  gift  is  not  hereditary 
unto  them  by  nature  or  from  their  birth,  that  they 
should  exceede  others  by  that  prerogative ;  but  that 
it  proceedeth  from  violent  art,  after  this  manner : 
While  the  infants  are  in  the  cradell,  and  under  the 
breastes  of  the  nurses,  the  Masters  of  that  Art  are  sent 
for,  who  annoint  the  several  members  of  the  infant 
for  certayne  dayes,  with  medicines  of  certayne  hearbes 
which  mollifie  the  tender  bones,  so  that  the  bones 
being  presently  converted  into  the  softnesse  of  luke- 
warme  waxe,  they  so  stretch  them  out  in  length  often- 
times, that  they  leave  the  poore  miserable  infant  almost 
halfe  deade  ;  and  after  that,  they  feed  the  nurse  with 
certaine  meats  of  powerfull  vertue.  Lastly,  the  nurse 
giveth  it  the  brest,  while  it  lyeth  covered  in  warme 
clothes,  and  refresheth  and  cheereth  the  infant  with 
milke  gathered  from  substantiall  meates:  and  after 
some  fewe  days  of  refreshing,  they  returne  to  the 
dolefuU  service  of  wresting  and  winding  of  the  bones 
againe." 

Another  of  Ayllon's   strange  stories   refers   to    a 
country  called  Inzignanin  : — "  The  inhabitaimtes,  by 


XVI  INTRODUCTION. 

report  of  their  ancestors,  say,  that  a  people  as  tall  as 
the  length  of  a  man's  arme,  with  tayles  of  a  spanne 
long,  sometime  arrived  there,  brought  thither  by  sea, 
which  tayle  was  not  moveable  or  wavering,  as  in 
foui'e -footed  beastes,  but  solide,  broad  above,  and 
sharpe  beneath,  as  wee  see  in  fishes  and  crocodiles, 
and  extended  into  a  bony  hardness.  Wherefore,  when 
they  desired  to  sitt,  they  used  seates  mth  holes  through 
them,  or  wanting  them,  digged  upp  the  earth  a  spanne 
deepe  or  little  more,  they  must  convay  their  tayle 
into  the  hole  when  they  rest  them."^ 

Ayllon  treated  these  Indians  with  remarkable  kind- 
ness, until  he  had  gained  their  confidence  sufficiently 
to  induce  one  hundred  and  thirty  of  them  to  come  on 
board,  when  he  at  once  weighed  anchor  and  sailed 
for  San  Domingo  with  his  prize.  The  greater  part  of 
the  wretched  ca]3tives  pined  to  death,  refusing  to  par- 
take of  food,  or  were  wrecked  in  one  of  the  vessels 
which  foundered  at  sea.  A  few  experienced  perhaps 
even  a  worse  fate  in  Spanish  slavery.  This  ungrateful 
cruelty  on  the  part  of  Ayllon  met  with  loud  expres- 
sions of  indignation  even  from  the  Spaniards  in  San 

^  The  historian  Andres  Gonzalez  Barcia,  who  writes  under  the 
pseudonpne  or  anagram  of  "  Gabriel  de  Cardenas  z  Cano",  when 
relating  this  '^  marvellous  report"  in  his  ''Ensayo  cronologico  para 
la  historia  general  de  la  Florida",  1723,  notes  parenthetically  that 
''Polydore  Vergil  informs  us  that  the  Englishmen  of  the  county  of 
Kent  ( — 'los  Ingleses  del  condado  de  Kent' — )  are  likewise  bom 
with  similar  tails,  [as  a  punishment]  because  their  ancestors  out  of 
derision  cut  off  the  tail  of  the  horse  which  carried  the  illustrious 
martyr  Thomas  a  Becket."  The  tale  may  be  seen  at  length  in 
Lambard's  ''Perambulation  of  Kent"  1576,  under  the  division  of 
Stroud. 


INTRODUCTION.  XVll 


Domingo,  and  it  was  hoped  that  his  villany  would 
receive  its  merited  punishment.  The  contrary 
however  was  the  case.  Instead  of  punishment,  he 
obtained  from  the  emperor  upon  his  petition  the 
government  of  the  country.  Peter  Martyr,  who  was 
acquainted  with  Ay  Hon,  makes  the  following  state- 
ment upon  this  point  of  his  history : — "  We  caused 
Licentiatus  Aiglionus,  the  senator,  to  obtaine  his 
desire :  so  that  now  he  is  sent  away  from  us  and 
from  Caesar's  majestic  [Charles  V]  through  our  per- 
swasion.  Hee  determined  to  builde  a  newe  fleete 
in  Hispaniola,  to  passe  over  to  those  coastes,  to 
plant  a  colonic  ;  nor  shall  he  want  folowers :  For  all 
this  Spanish  nation  is  so  desirous  of  novelties,  that 
what  way  soever  they  be  called  with  a  becke  onely, 
or  soft  whispering  voyce,  to  any  thing  arising  above 
water,  they  speedily  prepare  themselves  to  flie,  and 
forsake  certainties  under  hope  of  an  higher  degree, 
to  foUowe  incertainties  ;  which  wee  may  gather  from 
that  which  is  past."  [Decade  vii,  translated  by  Lok, 
p.  256.) 

In  the  document  granting  permission  from  Charles 
the  Fifth  to  conquer  the  country,^  there  is,  however, 
a  passage  to  the  effect  that  in  the  new  province  there 
should  be  no  "  repartimientos",  or  distributions  of 
Indians,  and  that  they  should  not  do  personal  service 
except  of  their  own  good  will  and  with  wages,  "  as  is 
done  with  our  free  vassals  and  the  working  men  in 
these  kingdoms".     In  1524,  Ayllon  sent  out  a  prelimi- 

Printed  in  Navarrete's  Coleccion  cle  los  viages  y  descubrimientos, 
n.  iii,  p.  153,  etc. 

d 


XVlll  INTRODUCTION. 

nary  expedition  of  two  vessels,  which  returned  wdth  a 
favourable  report,  and  in  the  year  following  he  went 
in  person  with  six  ships,  carrymg  five  hundred  men 
and  between  eighty  and  ninety  horses.  The  expedi- 
tion was  most  unfortunate.  The  pilot  Diego  de  Miruelo 
could  not  find  his  way  to  Chicora,  although  he  had 
piloted  the  first  expedition  in  1520,  and  died  mad 
with  vexation.  At  length  Ayllon  landed  in  a  favour- 
able spot,  and  was  received  by  the  Indians  with  every 
show  of  friendship  and  kindness.  It  was  now  their  turn 
to  be  treacherous.  Deceived  by  appearances,  Ayllon 
sent  two  hundred  men  on  an  exploring  expedition, 
about  a  day's  journey  from  the  coast ;  the  natives 
entertained  and  feasted  them  for  four  days,  and  when 
they  were  thus  put  completely  ofi"  their  guard,  mur- 
dered them  in  their  sleep  to  a  man.  This  slaughter 
was  followed  by  an  attack  on  those  who  remained  in 
the  ships,  w^hich  compelled  them  to  put  to  sea,  and 
they  only  reached  San  Domingo  after  great  sufierings. 
Accounts  difier  respecting  the  cause  of  Ayllon's 
death :  some  say,  a  broken  heart,  and  others,  dis- 
ease brought  on  by  cold  and  fatigue.  We  close  our 
brief  notice  of  him  with  the  following  extract  from 
Galvano  (Galvam).  He  says  that  "  he  was  lost  with 
all  his  companie,  leaving  nothing  done  worthy  of 
memorie.  And  I  cannot  tell  how  it  commeth  to  pass, 
except  it  be  by  the  just  judgement  of  God,  that  of  so 
much  gold  and  precious  stones  as  have  been  gotten 
in  the  Antiles  by  so  many  Spaniards,  little  or  none 
remaineth,  but  the  most  part  is  spent  and  consumed, 
and  no  good  thing  done."    (Galvano's  Discoveries  of 


INTRODUCTION.  XIX 

the  World  unto  the  yeere  1555.   Published  by  Hakluyt, 
1601,  pp.  57  and  63.) 

In  1524,  Giovanni  da  Verazzano,  a  Florentine,  who 
had  been  sent  the  year  before  by  Francis  I  of  France 
to  prosecute  discoveries  in  the  northern  parts  of 
America,  coasted  from  Florida  as  high  as  Cape 
Breton.^ 

In  1527,  preparations  were  made  in  Spain  for  a 
fresh  expedition  to  Florida.  Pamphilo  de  Narvaez, 
having  by  interest  obtained  from  the  Emperor  Charles 
the  Fifth  the  somewhat  vague  grant  of  all  the  lands 
extending  from  the  Pio  de  las  Palmas  to  Cape  Florida, 
with  the  title  of  "  adelantado",  and  a  commission  to 
conquer  and  govern  the  provinces  within  the  above 
limits,  set  sail  from  St.  Lucar  on  the  17th  of  June 
of  that  year,  with  five  ships  and  a  force  of  about 
six  hundred  men.  A  hurricane  at  Cuba  caused  so 
much  injury  to  the  expedition,  as  to  deter  Narvaez 
from  proceeding  to  Florida  till  the  ensuing  spring. 
He  accordingly  put  to  sea  in  February  1528,  and 
landed  his  army  at  the  bay  of  Santa  Cruz  in  Florida. 
Having  formally  taken  possession  of  the  country  and 
explored  the  neighbourhood,  they  were  induced  by 

^  Verazzano' s  Letter  addressed  to  Francis  I,  is  the  earliest  ori- 
ginal account  in  existence  of  the  Atlantic  coast  of  the  United  States, 
nearly  the  whole  extent  of  which  was  visited  by  him  during  the 
voyage  described  in  it.  (See  Reprint  in  Hakluyt's  '' Divers  Voy- 
ages", edited  by  J.  Winter  Jones,  Esq.)  A  new  translation  of  this 
letter,  by  Joseph  G.  Cogswell,  Esq.,  made  from  a  copy  of  the  ori- 
ginal manuscript  in  the  Magliabecchian  Library  at  Florence,  accom- 
panied by  the  Italian  text,  is  printed  in  the  Collections  of  the  New 
York  Historical  Society.     Second  series  ;  vol.  i,  1841. 


XX  INTRODUCTION. 

the  accounts  given  by  the  natives,  of  the  existence 
of  great  store  of  gold,  to  direct  their  course  to  the 
province  of  Apalache.  After  a  Avearisome  march 
they  reached  the  village  or  town  which  constituted 
the  capital  of  the  province  and  bore  its  name,  on 
the  26th  of  June.  They  now  made  themselves  mas- 
ters of  the  place,  but  w^ere  so  much  harassed  by  the 
repeated  attacks  of  the  natives,  as  to  be  compelled 
to  dii'ect  their  course  to  the  sea-coast.  In  their 
march  towards  the  Bay  of  Ante  (now  called  the  Bay 
of  St.  Mark's),  they  lost  nearly  one  third  of  their 
number  by  the  arrow^s  of  the  Indians,  and  of  the 
remainder  a  great  many  suifered  from  disease  in- 
duced by  the  hardships  to  which  they  were  exposed. 
Here,  while  labouring  under  a  degree  of  famine 
which  compelled  them  to  kill  a  horse  every  third 
day,  they  resolved  upon  constructing  vessels,  in  the 
best  manner  that  their  scanty  means  afforded  them, 
for  encountering  the  dangers  of  the  sea.  They  con- 
trived in  about  five  weeks  to  build  five  boats,  capable 
of  holding  from  forty  to  fifty  men  each.  Stirrups, 
spurs,  and  every  other  species  of  iron  they  possessed, 
were  converted  into  nails,  saws,  axes,  and  other  tools. 
The  ropes  were  formed  of  horse-hair,  and  the  sails  of 
the  soldier's  shirts.  They  put  to  sea  in  these  frail 
barques,  and  moved  along  the  coast  in  a  westerly 
direction.  In  this  trying  position  Narvaez  resigned 
the  command,  and  Cabeca  de  Yaca  (who  had  in  the 
first  instance  sailed  as  the  treasurer  to  the  armament), 
took  charge  of  the  small  remnant  of  the  expedition. 
Narvaez  was  lost  with  many  others  in  a  storm,  about 


INTRODUCTION.  XXI 

the  middle  of  November,  near  the  mouth  of  the 
Mississippi,  and  the  whole  undertaking  was  frus- 
trated. In  this  expedition  Narvaez  is  said  to  have 
discovered  the  Bay  of  Pensacola,  and  to  have  landed 
there.  Cabeca  de  Vaca  was  kindly  received  by 
some  of  the  Indians,  but  a  scarcity  of  food  occur- 
ring in  the  winter,  the  Spaniards  were  reduced  to 
the  necessity  of  eating  each  other, — an  act  which  so 
horrified  the  natives  that  they  could  no  longer  re- 
gard them  with  favour.  Cabeca  de  Vaca  and  his 
companions  were  reduced  to  a  state  of  slavery,  but 
afterwards  escaped,  through  a  variety  of  incredible 
hardships,  to  Mexico,  whence  he  was  enabled  finally 
to  set  sail  for  Europe,  and  arrived  at  Lisbon  on  the 
15th  of  August  1537.^ 

It  has  been  very  generally  supposed  that  Soto 
was  the  first  European  who  discovered  the  Missis- 
sippi. He  crossed  it  in  the  year  1541,  near  the 
thirty-fifth  degree  of  north  latitude ;  and  after  his 
death  the  remnant  of  his  companions  descended  it  to 
its  mouth.  This  view  is  supported  by  no  less  an 
authority  than  Mr.  Bancroft,  and  also  in  an  able  review 
of  Colonel  Pickett's  pamphlet  on  "  Soto's  invasion  in 
Alabama",  1849,  in  De  Bow's  Commercial  Review^  vol. 
ix,  1850.  There  have  not,  however,  been  wanting 
learned  investigators  into  this  question,  who  are  of 
opinion,  judging  from  the  account  given  by  Cabeca 
de  Vaca  himself,  that  the  honour  of  this  discovery  is 
due  either  to  this  latter  adventurer,  or  to  Pineda, 

^  The   subsequent  career  of  this  remarkable  man  is  admirably 
narrated  by  Southey,  in  chap,  v  of  his  History  of  Brazil. 


XXll  IXTRODUCTIOX. 

who  preceded  him  in  1519.  That  the  reader  may 
judge  more  fully  for  himself,  we  give  at  length  the  two 
following  extracts,  in  confirmation  of  the  latter  view. 
The  first  is  from  a  paper,  "  On  the  early  voyages  to 
America",  in  review  of  Robinson's  Account  of  Dis- 
coveries in  the  West,  published  by  the  Virginia 
Historical  Society  (Southern  Literary  Messenger  for 
December  1848)  :— 

"  It  is  among  the  adventures  of  the  early  Spanish 
navigators  here  recorded,  that  we  would  recommend 
all  who  require  the  seasoning  of  romance  to  search, 
in  order  to  gratify  their  taste ;  and  we  doubt  whether 
they  will  be  disappointed  in  perusing  the  extraor- 
dinary narrative  of  Cabeca  de  Vaca's  journey  on  foot 
from  Florida  to  Mexico.  Making  all  due  allowance 
for  the  perhaps  natural  desire  which  Cabeca  felt  to 
magnify  his  exploit,  there  are  too  many  intrinsic  evi- 
dences of  truth  in  this  narrative  to  justify  a  disbelief 
of  its  general  veracity ;  and  it  is  conjectured  with 
strong  probability,  that  while  we  are  in  the  habit  of 
according  to  Ferdinand  de  Soto  the  discovery  of  the 
mighty  Mississippi,  the  '  father  of  waters',  it  is  to 
Cabeca  de  Vaca  that  this  merit  belongs.  At  all 
events,  it  is  highly  probable  that  he  passed  that  river 
in  his  voyage  along  the  coast  of  Florida,  and  this 
conjecture  is  strengthened  by  the  fact,  that  in  his 
long  over-land  journey  from  Florida  to  Mexico,  he 
does  not  mention  liis  having  encountered  it.  Mr. 
Robert  Greenhow,  of  Washington,  in  a  letter  ad- 
dressed to  the  Historical  Society  of  Virginia,  com- 
municating a  very  valuable  memoir  on  the  first  dis- 


INTRODUCTION.  XXlll 

coveiy  of  the  Chesapeake  Bay,  declares  that  '  proofs 
undeniable  exist  of  the  discovery  of  the  Mississippi 
by  the  Spaniards  many  years  before  the  expedition 
of  Ferdinand  de  Soto  in  1541';  and  in  Mr.  Green- 
how's  forthcoming  '  History  of  Florida,  Texas,  and 
Louisiana',  we  may  expect  to  see  this  interesting  spe- 
culation more  fully  developed." 

Our  second  quotation  is  from  a  letter  addressed  by 
Mr.  Greenhow  to  De  Bow,  the  editor  of  the  Commer- 
cial RevieiD^  October  1849,  in  which  he  says: — 

"  In  order  to  show  how  imperfectly  the  early  records 
relating  to  that  part  of  America  have  been  studied, 
I  send  you  an  extract  of  my  work,  containing  the 
account  of  the  Second  visit  of  the  SjMniards  to  the 
mouth  of  the  Mississippi^  made  some  time  before  the 
expedition  of  Hernando  de  Soto,  who  has  been 
hitherto  universally  regarded  as  the  discoverer  of  the 
great  river,  and  in  commemoration  of  whose  supposed 
discovery,  an  artist  of  much  talent  is  now  employed 
by  our  government  in  painting  a  picture  to  adorn  the 
halls  of  the  national  legislature. 

(extract.) 
"  The  mouth  of  the  Mississippi  was  first  discovered 
in  1519,  by  Alonzo  de  Pineda  [Alonso  Alvarez  de 
Pineda,  in  Navarrete^  iii,  p.  64],  who  gave  it  the  name 
of  Rio  del  Espiritu  Santo,^  as  clearly  proved  in  the  his- 
tory of  Florida,  Louisiana,  and  Texas,  from  the  official 
report  of  the  voyage  and  the  chart  annexed  to  it,  of 
which  a  fac-simile  is  preserved  [in  Navarrete  iii,  148]. 

^  See  note  in  Portuguese  Relation,  p.  90. 


XXIV  INTRODUCTION. 

In  the  spring  of  that  year  [1528],  Panfilo  de  Narvaez 
landed  with  several  hundred  men  on  the  shore  of  a 
bay,  which  was  most  probably  the  same  now  called 
Charlotte  Harbour,  on  the  south  side  of  the  peninsula 
of  Florida ;  and  thence  they  marched  northward  to  a 
country  called  Apalache,  which  can  be  satisfactorily 
proved  to  have  been  the  south-eastern  portion  of  the 
state  of  Alabama.  After  remaining  for  some  time  suf- 
fering from  want  of  food,  and  undeceived  as  to  the 
hope  of  finding  rich  nations  to  be  plundered,  they  built 
boats  on  a  bay  named  by  them  Baia  de  Cavallos,  in 
commemoration  of  the  slaughter  of  their  horses ;  which 
appears  to  have  been  the  same  now  known  as  Choc- 
tahatchee  Bay,  communicating  with  Pensacola  Bay 
on  the  west  by  Santa  Rosa  Sound.  With  their  de- 
parture from  this  place,  begins  the  following  extract 
from  the  history,  for  which  the  only  authority  is  the 
narrative  published  by  Alvar  Nunez  [Cabeca]  de 
Vaca,  the  treasurer  of  the  expedition,  and  one  of  the 
four  survivors  of  the  party  engaged  in  it : — 

"  From  the  place  of  embarkation,  the  Spaniards 
pursued  their  voyage  towards  the  west  for  seven  days 
before  reaching  the  open  gulf,  which  they  at  length 
entered,  through  a  strait,  between  the  mainland  and 
an  island,  —  most  probably  through  the  entrance 
of  the  Bay  of  Pensacola,  which  is  just  ninety  miles 
from  the  eastern  extremity  of  the  Bay  of  Chocta- 
hatchee.  Thence  they  continued  their  navigation 
westward  along  the  coast,  suffering  constantly  from 
insufficiency  of  food,  and  often  from  thirst,  as  thei 
horse-skin  bottles    proved  useless ;     and   they  were 


INTRODUCTION.  XXV 

obliged  in  many  cases  to  have  severe  combats  with 
the  natives,  in  order  to  procure  fresh  water. 

"  Wending  their  way  thus  slowly  along  the  coast, 
the  Spaniards,  at  the  end  of  a  month,  had  reached  a 
small  cluster  of  islands  near  the  mainland,  where  they 
were  attacked  by  a  numerous  party  of  natives  in 
canoes,  who  chased  them  during  the  whole  day,  and 
annoyed  them  considerably  by  volleys  of  stones  and 
arrows.  'Thus'  (writes  Cabeza  de  Vaca  in  his  nar- 
rative) '  we  continued  our  voyage  through  that  day 
(November  1st)  until  the  hour  of  vespers ;  when  my 
boat  being  the  foremost,  I  observed  a  point  of  land, 
beyond  which  was  a  very  great  river,  and  I  halted  at 
an  islet  off  the  point  to  wait  for  the  other  boats. 
The  governor  (Narvaez),  however,  would  not  come 
up,  but  chose  rather  to  remain  in  a  bay  very  near, 
where  Avere  many  small  islands  ;  and  there  we  joined 
company,  and  toolt  up  fresh  tvater  from  the  sea^  into 
which  the  river  poured  in  a  torrent}  As  we  had  eaten 
our  corn  raw  for  two  days,  we  landed  upon  the  island 
to  parch  some ;  but  finding  no  wood  there,  we  agreed 
to  go  to  the  river  beyond  the  point,  a  league  distant : 
on  going  there,  however,  the  current  was  so  violent, 
that  we  were  entirely  unable  to  enter,  and  were  driven 
away  from  the  land,  notwithstanding  all  our  efforts 
and  labour  to  reach  it." 

The  original  passage,  which  is  not  given  by  Mr. 
Greenhow,  is  as  follows: — " Navegamos  aquel  dia  hasta 
hora  de  visperas  que  mi  varca  que  yva  delante  descubrio 

^  Compare  Portuguese  Relation,  p.  157;  and  Biedma's  7V«r/'a//re, 
p.  199. 

e 


XXVI  INTRODUCTION. 

una  punta  que  la  ticrra  hazia,  y  del  otro  cabo  se  via  un 
rio  muy  grancle :  y  en  una  yslcta  que  hazia  la  punta 
hize  yo  surgir  por  esperar  las  otras  varcas.  El  gover- 
nador  no  quiso  llcgar,  antes  se  metio  por  una  baya 
muy  cerca  de  alii,  en  que  avia  muclias  isletas :  y  alii 
nos  juntamos,  y  clesde  la  mar  tomamos  agiia  clulce^  por  que 
el  rio  entrava  en  la  mar  de  avenida.  Y  por  tostar 
algun  maiz  de  lo  que  trayamos,  porque  ya  avia  dos 
dias  que  lo  comiamos  crudo,  saltamos  en  aquella  isla, 
mas  como  no  hallamos  lena,  acordamos  de  yr  al  rio 
que  estava  detras  de  la  punta  una  legua  de  alii;  y 
yendo  era  tanta  la  corriente  que  no  nos  dexava  en 
ninguna  manera  llegar,  antes  nos  apartava  de  la 
tierra :  y  nosotros  trabajando  y  porfiando  por  tomarla." 
[La  relacion  y  comentarios  del  governador  Alvar  Nunez 
Cahega  de  Vaca,  1555,  4to.,  fol.  xv  and  xvi.) 

"  The  river  here  mentioned,"  proceeds  Mr.  Green- 
how,  "  could  have  been  no  other  than  the  Mississippi, 
the  only  stream  flowing  into  the  Mexican  Gulf,  or  into 
any  other  sea  from  Xorth  America,  the  waters  of 
w^hich  remain  so  pure  and  unmixed  with  those  of  the 
sea,  as  to  be  potable  at  the  distance  of  a  league  from 
their  outlet.  This  outlet  had  been  already  seen  in 
1519  by  Pineda,  who  represented  it  on  his  chart  under 
the  name  of  Eio  del  Espiritu  Santo ;  or  the  merit  of 
discovering  the  greatest  river  of  North  America,  if  not 
of  the  whole  world,  should  have  been  assigned  to 
Panfilo  de  Narvaez  and  Cabeza  de  Yaca." 

Heference  having  already  been  made  to  the  three 
accounts,  directly  or  proximately  given  by  parties 
engaged  in  the  expedition  of  De  Soto,  we  propose  here 


INTRODUCTION.  XXVll 

to  make  an  especial  appeal  to  the  reader's  judgment  as 
to  their  individual  or  correlative  value,  with  the  view 
of  giving  an  answer  to  those  who  have  attempted 
either  to  disparage,  or  altogether  to  annihilate,  the 
credibility  of  our  author.  For  this  purpose,  we  shall 
commence  by  quoting  first  the  statements  of  those 
who  aim  at  attributing  an  apocryphal  character  to 
the  entire  narrative  ;  and  secondly,  those  of  Mr. 
Theodore  Irving,  who  would  assign  to  the  Gentleman 
of  Elvas  a  lower  standard  of  credibility  than  to  the 
Inca  Garcilasso  de  la  Vega.  From  these  antagonistic 
statements  themselves,  we  hope  to  prove  the  fallacy 
of  the  respective  charges,  and  to  confirm  our  proof 
by  reference  to  two  syno23tical  tables  of  such  points 
in  the  three  narratives,  placed  side  by  side,  as  mutu- 
ally tend  to  establish  the  validity  of  the  main  story, 
and  expose  the  extravagancies  of  the  Spanish  historian 
Garcilasso. 

In  the  life  of  Father  Marquette,  in  Mr.  Jared 
Sparks'  American  Biograi^liy ^  vol.  x,  the  following 
passage  occurs : — "  It  is  generally  believed  that  the 
Mississippi  River  was  first  discovered  by  Ferdinand 
de  Soto,  as  early  as  1541.  The  accounts  of  his 
expadition  in  Florida  are  so  highly  exaggerated,  so 
indefinite,  and  in  many  parts  so  obviously  false,  that 
little  more  can  be  inferred  from  them,  than  that  he 
passed  far  into  the  country,  had  many  combats  with 
the  natives,  and  finally  died  in  the  interior.  The 
probability  is  so  strong,  however,  that  he  and  his 
party  actually  crossed  the  Mississippi,  that  it  has  usu- 
ally been  assumed  as  a  historical  fact — 


XXVni  INTRODUCTION. 

"  Soto  died  on  the  21st  of  May ;  and  his  followers, 
under  Moscoso,  as  the  story  says,  constructed  bri- 
gantines,  in  which  they  sailed  down  the  river  to  its 
mouth. . . . 

"  The  first  account  of  Soto's  expedition  pui'ports  to 
have  been  written  by  one  of  the  Portuguese  adven- 
turers, who  accompanied  it  throughout,  and  returned 
to  his  native  country —  The  book  was  first  published 
in  1557,  more  than  fifteen  years  after  the  principal 
events  it  narrates.  There  is  much  show  of  exactness 
in  regard  to  dates;  but  the  account  was  evidently 
drawn  up  for  the  most  part  from  memory,  being 
vague  in  its  descriptions,  and  indefinite  as  to  locali- 
ties, distances,  and  other  points  usually  noted  by 
journalists. 

"  The  Inca  Garcilaso  de  la  Vega  completed  his 
work  on  Florida  in  1591.  It  was  first  printed  at 
Lisbon  in  1605.  The  author's  style  is  flowing  and 
agreeable,  but  his  fancy  constantly  takes  the  lead  of 
his  judgment,  and  no  tale  is  too  marvellous  for  his 
pen.  ...  A  large  portion  of  his  work  is  taken  up  with 
the  adventures  of  Soto.  Although  he  wrote  more 
than  forty  years  after  the  death  of  his  hero,  yet  he 
had  no  other  written  materials  for  his  guidance  ^han 
those  which  had  been  furnished  by  the  '  Gentleman 
of  Elvas';  and  in  fact  the  narrative  of  this  unknown 
person  is  the  only  authority  which  can  be  considered 
of  any  value  respecting  the  wanderings  of  Soto.  In 
several  points,  Garcilaso  difi'ers  from  his  original. 
Citri  de  la  Guette  says,  that  he  took  his  account 
chiefly  from  the  narration  of  a  common  soldier,  who 


INTRODUCTION.  XXIX 


was  in  Soto's  expedition,  and  this  at  least  forty  years 
after  the  events.  Little  could  be  gathered  from  such 
a  source  which  is  worthy  of  confidence.  Both  of  the 
accounts  are  too  romantic  and  vague  for  history ;  yet 
some  of  the  names  of  places  and  of  Indian  tribes  and 
descriptions  of  the  country,  in  the  narrative  of  the 
anonymous  Portuguese  writer,  could  hardly  have  been 
given,  except  from  personal  observation ;  and  they 
render  it  in  the  highest  degree  probable  that  Soto 
crossed  the  Mississippi  near  the  thirty-fourth  degree 
of  latitude. 

"  It  may  be  doubted,  at  least,  whether  either  of 
these  works  can  be  trusted  as  affording  genuine  his- 
torical materials.  They  have  been  cited  by  respect- 
able writers  in  default  of  other  authorities ;  but  they 
border  so  closely  upon  the  regions  of  romance,  that 
they  may  as  justly  be  ranked  in  this  class  of  compo- 
sitions, as  in  that  of  history.  This  is  generally  con- 
ceded in  regard  to  Garcilaso.  His  predecessor,  the 
Gentleman  of  Elvas,  is  thought  to  have  higher  claims, 
and  perha23s  he  has ;  yet  whoever  follows  him  closely 
will  be  likely  to  run  into  ten  errors  in  arriving  at  a 
single  truth,  with  the  additional  uncertainty  of  being 
able  to  distinguish  the  former  from  the  latter.  The 
narrative  is,  moreover,  disfigured  with  descriptions  of 
atrocious  acts  of  injustice,  oppression,  and  cruelty. 
In  short,  if  this  narrative  is  worthy  of  credit,  few 
readers  will  be  inclined  to  dissent  from  the  remark 
of  Philip  Briet,  in  his  Annales  Mundi^  that  it  is  diffi- 
cult to  decide  whether  cruelty  or  avarice  was  the  O-^.^ 
predominant  trait  in  the  character  of  Soto."     ^  :X  ^      ^ 


XXX  INTRODUCTION. 

Again  : — in  the  North  American  Revieiv  for  July 
18-47,  in  an  article  on  Gayarre's  Ilistori)  of  Louisiana^ 
the  writer  says  : — "  The  first  chapter  of  M.  Gayarre's 
work  is  devoted  to  the  apocryphal  story  of  Her- 
nando de  Soto's  overland  expedition  to  the  lower 
ISIississippi,  which  he  discovered  in  1541,  of  his  death 
the  following  year,  and  of  a  remnant  of  his  followers 
descending  the  river  to  its  mouth,  and  thence  return- 
ing along  the  shores  of  the  Gulf  in  safety  to  Mexico. 
All  this  is  a  romantic  and  interesting  tale  ;  but  for 
how  large  a  portion  of  it  we  are  indebted  only  to  the 
vivid  fancy  of  the  Spanish  historian,  it  is  impossible 
to  say ;  exaggerations  and  imaginative  details  may 
easily  be  detected  in  it  by  internal  evidence.  Spain 
made  no  attempt  to  take  possession  of  the  country  to 
which  this  expedition,  if  real,  had  given  it  a  valid 
claim,  nor  did  any  of  its  subjects  venture  to  follow 
the  track  of  Soto's  discoveries." 

Mr.  Theodore  Irving,  in  the  preface  to  his  Con- 
quest of  Florida^  draws  the  following  comparison 
between  the  Gentleman  of  Elvas  and  the  Inca  Gar- 
cilasso  de  la  Vega: — "The  Inca  is  most  to  be  de- 
pended upon, — the  Spanish  cavalier  from  whom  he 
derived  his  principal  information  being  more  likely 
to  be  admitted  to  the  intimate  councils  of  his  com- 
mander than  one  of  a  different  nation,  and  being  free 
from  the  tinge  of  national  jealousy  wdiich  may  have 
influenced  the  statements  of  the  Portuguese." 

We  have  given  these  three  quotations  all  together, 
because  the  charges  contained  in  them  are  alike  in 
character,  though  different  in  degree,  and,  as  we  hope 


INTRODUCTION.  XXXI 

to  show,  present  powerful  arguments  in  refutation  of 
each  other. 

Now  it  is  not  only  from  a  sense  of  the  re- 
spect due  to  the  high  authority  of  Mr.  Jared 
Sparks,  but  from  our  own  conviction  of  the  general 
correctness  of  his  opinions  on  this  question,  that  we 
welcome  the  statements  above  quoted  from  him  in 
favour  of  the  superior  credibility  of  our  author. 
While  however  we  acknowledge  that  the  investigation 
of  the  narrative  justifies  his  remark,  that  "  whoever 
follows  it  closely  will  be  likely  to  run  into  ten  errors 
in  arriving  at  a  simple  truth", — a  fact  not  to  be  won- 
dered at  when  the  toils  of  this  laborious  and  perilous 
expedition  are  taken  into  consideration, — yet  we  de- 
precate the  expression  that  "  both  of  the  accounts  are 
too  romantic  and  vague  for  history",  as  calculated, 
when  coming  from  such  an  authority,  to  lead  the 
reader  into  utter  distrust  of  the  whole  story.  We 
fear  that  the  general  consideration  of  the  subject  has 
led  Mr.  Sparks  to  blend  the  characteristics  of  the 
Spanish  and  Portuguese  historians,  and  to  transfer 
to  the  latter  more  of  that  tendency  to  romance  for 
which  the  former  is  remarkable,  than  we  believe  the 
careful  reader  will  be  willing  to  concede  ;  and  here 
we  would  refer  to  the  table  which  follows,  to  show 
that  three  accounts,  which,  though  written  inde- 
pendently of  each  other  and  confessedly  differing  in 
minute  detail,  can  present  so  many  points  of  agree- 
ment in  regular  sequence,  must  have  been  founded 
on  facts  which  are  not^  in  so  far  as  those  points  are 
concerned,  "  too  romantic  and  vague  for  history." 


XXXll 


INTRODUCTION. 


Table  of  Names  mentioned  either  in  two  or  in  each  of 
the  three  Accounts. 


THE    GENTLEMAN    OF 

GARCILASSO    DE    LA 

p  T  T"  'n  Ar  A 

ELVAS. 

VEGA. 

JJXXily.'l^  . 

Paracossi. 

Urril:)arracuxi. 

Hurripacuxi. 

Cale. 

Ocali. 

Etocale. 

Caliquen. 

Aguacalecuen. 

Axille, 

Ochile. 

Veachile. 

Vitachuco. 

Vitachuco. 

Ivitachuco. 

Uzela. 

Ossachile. 

Anaica  Apalache. 

Apalache. 

Iniahico. 

Capachiqui. 

Acapachiqui. 

Altaiiiaca. 

Altapaha. 

Altapaha. 

Ocute. 

Ocute. 

Cofaqui. 

Cofaqui. 

Cofoqui. 

Cutifa-Chiqui. 

Cofachiqui. 

Cofitachyque. 

Chalaque. 

Chalaque. 

Xualla. 

Xuala. 

Xuala. 

Guaxule, 

Guaxule. 

Guasuli. 

Chiaha. 

Ychiaha. 

China. 

Coste. 

Acoste. 

Costehe. 

Co9a. 

Co9a= 

Coca. 

Tallise. 

Talisse. 

Italisi. 

Tascaluca. 

Tascalu9a. 

Faszaluza. 

Mavilla. 

Mauvila. 

Mavila. 

Chica9a. 

Chica9a. 

Chicaza. 

Alimamii. 

Alibamo. 

Alibanio. 

Quizquiz. 

Chisca. 

Quizquiz. 

Casqui. 

Casquin. 

Ycasqui. 

Pacaha. 

Capaha. 

Pacaha. 

Quigaute. 

Quiguate. 

Quiguata. 

Coligoa. 

Colima. 

Coligua. 

Tatalicoya. 

Tatilcoya. 

Cayas. 

Cayas. 

Tulla. 

Tula. 

Tula. 

Quipana. 

Quipana. 

Autiamque. 

Utiangue. 

Viranque. 

Nilco. 

Anilco. 

Anicoyanque. 

Guachoya. 

Guachoya. 

Guachoyanque. 

Aguacay. 

Aguacay. 

Nissoone. 

Nisione. 

Lacane. 

Lacame. 

Nondacao. 

Nandacaho. 

Soacatino. 

Xuacatino. 

The  above  table,  as  we  have  said,  presents  too 
many  points  of  agreement  in  the  three  accounts  to 
leave    any  excuse    to  those  who  would  venture  to 


INTRODUCTION.  XXXlll 

impeach  the  credibility  of  the  main  story  ;  and  if 
this  be  granted,  the  next  inquiry  will  naturally 
be,  which  of  the  three  contains  the  greatest  number 
of  details  of  a  character  serviceable  to  history  and 
geography,  but  neither  dictated  by,  nor  catering  to, 
an  exaggerative  spirit  of  romance.  In  this  respect,  not 
only  Sparks  and  Bancroft,  but  every  other  critic  that 
we  have  read  upon  the  subject,  unite  in  acknowledg- 
ing the  superior  credibility  of  the  Gentleman  of  Elvas. 

Mr.  Bancroft's  observations  are  as  follows  [His- 
torjj  of  the  United  States^  edit.  1834,  vol.  i,  p.  (dQ):  — 
"  On  Soto's  expedition,  by  far  the  best  account  is  that 
of  the  Portuguese  eye-witness.  ...  This  narrative  is 
remarkably  good,  and  contains  internal  evidence  of 
its  credibility.  The  work  of  Vega  is  an  extravagant 
romance,  yet  founded  upon  facts.  Numbers  and  dis- 
tances are  magnified,  and  everything  embellished  with 
great  boldness.  His  history  is  not  without  its  value, 
but  must  be  consulted  with  extreme  caution." 

For  the  rest,  Mr.  Sparks's  criticism  entirely  disarms 
Mr.  Theodore  Irving  of  his  arguments  in  favour  of 
Garcilasso  de  la  Vega.  Any  reader  of  the  work  will 
readily  concede  the  correctness  of  the  remark,  that 
"  the  author's  fancy  constantly  takes  the  lead  of  his 
judgment,  and  that  no  tale  is  too  marvellous  for  his 
pen".  Wisely  did  Mr.  Irving,  with  the  object  he  had 
in  view,  select  it  for  the  basis  of  his  romantic  and 
ably -written  story.  But  if,  as  we  believe,  such 
charge  is  not  to  be  fairly  brought  against  the  Portu- 
guese narrator,  the  details  here  presented  to  the 
reader,  difficult  as  they  may  be  to  follow,  from  the 

/ 


XXXIV 


INTRODUCTION. 


liindrances  which  the  perils  and  toils  of  the  route 
must  have  opposed  to  constant  journalizing, form  a  sub- 
ject worthy  of  the  attention  of  the  Hakluyt  Society, 
both  in  an  historical  and  geographical  point  of  ^aew. 
To  assist  the  reader's  judgment  as  to  the  extrava- 
gancies of  Garcilasso,  and  the  greater  accuracy  of  the 
Gentleman  of  Elvas  and  Biedma,  we  here  give  another 
synoptical  table,  exhibiting  the  statements  respec- 
tively given  in  the  three  accounts,  with  particular 
reference  to  numbers  : — 


PLACES 

GENTLEMAN   OF 

GARCILASSO    DE 

MEXTIOXED. 

ELVAS. 

BIEDMA. 

LA    VEGA. 

Landed  in 

600  men. 

620  men. 

1000  men. 

Florida  (Bay 

213  horses. 

223  horses. 

350  horses. 

of      Espiritu 

Santo). 

... 

John  Ortiz  came 

9  Indians. 

50  Indians. 

to  meet  us  with 

10  or  11  princi- 

(8 or  10,  in  So- 

pal Indians. 

to's  letter  to  the 
municipal  autho- 
rities   at    Cuba  ; 
printed    in    Ter- 
naux  -  Compans's 
Pieces      sur      la 
Floride.) 

The    Grovernor 

■ 

left    Calde-ron   at 

the  port  with  30 

26  horsemen. 

40  horsemen. 

horsemen  and  70 

62  foot  soldiers. 

80  foot  soldiers. 

footmen. 

Patofa. 

The  cacique  gave 

4000  ;  and 

the  Governor  700 

4000  besides  as  an 

Indians    to    bear 

800  Indians. 

escort. 

burdens. 

8000*LS«e  note  p.xxxv. 

Cutifachiqui. 

They  found  14 
arrobas  of  pearls 
in  a  tenjple. 

6  or  7  arrobas. 

20  arrobas. 

[Table  continued. 


INTRODUCTION. 


XXXV 


PLACES 
MENTIONED. 

GENTLEMAN    OF 
ELVAS. 

BIEDMA. 

GARCILASSO   DE 
LA    VEGA. 

Mavila 
(the  battle). 

2,500    Indians 
killed. 

Upwards  of 
1 1,000       Indians 
killed.* 

18       Christians 

20     Christians 

82     Christians 

killed. 

killed. 

killed. 

150     Christians 

250   Christians 

1770  Spaniards 

wounded,       with 

wounded  :  —  660 

wounded. 

700  wounds. 

arrow-shots. 

12  horses  killed. 

45  horses  killed. 

Chicaga 
(the  battle). 

1 1      Christians 
killed. 

13  or  14  Chris- 
tians killed. 

40      Spaniards 
killed. 

400  hogs  burnt. 

300  hogs  burnt. 

Nearly   all    pe- 
rished. 

■^'  The  following  note  is  from  the  Hon.  Albert  Gallatin's  valuable 
''Synopsis  of  the  Indian  Tribes"  fArchceologia  Americana,  \i,  106). 
''  If  we  were  to  place  implicit  faith  in  the  accounts  given  by  Garcilaso 
de  la  Vega  of  the  number  of  Indians  in  various  places,  we  should 
infer  a  greater  population  than  was  found  to  exist  one  hundred  and 
fifty  years  later.  Considering  the  sources  from  which  he  derived  his 
information,  the  proneness  of  common  soldiers  to  swell  the  num- 
ber of  enemies,  and  the  habitual  and  notorious  exaggeration  of  the 
Spaniards  of  his  time,  we  will  in  that  respect  give  the  preference  to 
the  more  sober  statements  of  the  Portuguese  narrator,  who  kills  only 
2,500  Indians  by  the  fire  and  sword,  at  the  storming  of  Mauvila, 
whilst  Garcilaso  swells  the  number  to  11,000.  Yet  Garcilaso  did 
not  intend  to  impose  on  his  readers,  or  exceed,  according  to  his 
knowledge,  the  bounds  of  credibility.  Born  in  Peru,  he  was  de- 
ceived by  an  erroneous  analogy,  and  saw  nothing  extraordinary  in 
the  accounts  given  to  him  of  eight  to  twelve  thousand  Indians  col- 
lected together.  In  another  place,  at  Cofaqui  or  Patofa,  the  last 
inhabited  district  before  the  arrival  of  the  Spaniards  at  Cofachiqui, 
the  cacique,  who  was  very  friendly,  gave  them,  according  to  Gar- 
cilaso, 4000  warriors  to  escort  them,  and  4000  retainers  to  carry 
their  supplies  and  clothing.  It  must  be  observed  that  the  total 
amount  of  their  baggage  was  such,  that,  on  their  departure  from 
Anhayca,  each  soldier  carried  his  supply  on  his  back.  On  the 
seventh  day  of  their  march  through  an  uninhabited  country,  the  army 
was  arrested  by  the  termination  of  the  path  which  they  had  followed 


XXXVl  IIS'TRODUCTION. 

Mr.  Theodore  Ir\'iii<^,  in  tlie  revised  edition  of  his 
Conquest  of  Florida^  published  during  the  present 
year,  remarks,  that  "  nothing  is  more  perplexing  than 
to  make  out  the  route  of  De  Soto  in  conformity  to 
modern  landmarks".  It  is  only  left  to  us  in  meeting 
this  perplexity,  to  endeavour  to  reconcile  the  three 
accounts  as  far  as  possible  with  the  various  explana- 
tions which  have  been  offered  by  learned  and  indus- 
trious American  critics,  aided  by  the  personal 
observations  of  travellers.  Of  these  investigators, 
the  most  careful  and  laborious  have  been  Dr.  J.  H. 
M'Culloh  (^Researches^  j)liilo8opldcal  and  antiqnarian^ 
concerning  the  aboriginal  Jiistory  of  America.  Balti- 
more, 1829);   the  Honourable  Albert  Gallatin  [Sg- 

thus  far.  They  were  then  withm  twelve  leagues  of  the  first  village 
in  the  province  of  Cofachiqui,  and  not  one  of  the  8000  Indian  allies 
could  point  out  the  proper  direction,  which  at  last  was  discovered  by 
the  Spaniards  themselves.  And  the  Indian  chief  assured  De  Soto 
that  none  of  his  followers  had  ever  been  in  that  place,  and  that  in 
their  wars  with  the  Indians  of  Cofachiqui,  those  of  Cofaqui  had 
never  passed  over  their  own  frontiers.  Whether  any  one  Indian 
warrior  has  ever  been  found  ignorant  of  the  way  to  an  enemy's 
village,  hardly  one  hundred  and  fifty  miles  distant,  and  through  a 
country  offering  no  particular  obstacle,  we  are  able  to  judge. 
According  to  the  Portuguese  narrator,  De  Soto  had  demanded  only 
six  hundred  Indians  ;  and  when  he  found  himself  at  a  loss  which 
way  to  pursue,  he  had  no  other  guide  but  a  young  Indian  they  had 
brought  from  Appalache,  and  Avho  confessed  that  he  did  not  know 
where  he  was.  '  The  Indians  of  Patofa  (or  Cofaqui)  had  been 
sent  back  as  soon  as  provisions  began  to  be  scarce',  though  the 
poor  men  showed  a  great  deal  of  trouble  to  leave  the  Christians 
before  they  saw  them  in  a  good  country.  The  numbers,  as  stated 
in  the  Portuguese  relation,  are  not  in  the  whole  inconsistent  with  a 
population  nearly  the  same  as  at  this  time.  The  greatest  apparent 
exaggeration  is,  perhaps,  that  of  the  cacique  of  Ocute  sending  two 
thousand  Indians  to  De  Soto  with  a  present  of  some  provisions." 


INTRODUCTION.  XXXVll 

nopsis  of  the  Indian  Tribes ^  published  in  the  second 
vohime  of  the  Archwologia  Americana.  Cambridge, 
1836);  Mr.  Thomas  Nuttall  [A  Journal  of  Travels  into 
the  Ark  ansa  territory  during  the  year  1819.  Philadel- 
phia, 1821);  and  Dr.  J.  W.  Monette  [History  of  the 
discovery  and  settlement  of  the  Valley  of  the  Mississijypi ; 
2  vols.     New  York,  1846). 

Mr.  Irving  also,  who  seems  to  have  made  use  of 
all  these  commentators  except  Dr.  Monette,  has  added 
to  his  revised  edition  of  the  Conquest  of  Florida  some 
notes  upon  the  route,  which,  aided  as  they  are  by  the 
personal  observations  of  Mr.  G.  R.  Fairbanks,  who 
travelled  over  the  south-easterly  portion  of  it  himself, 
deserve  particular  respect  and  credence.  The  map 
which  we  have  used  in  guiding  us  through  these 
puzzling  accounts  and  their  various  renderings,  is 
that  published  in  1839  by  David  H.  Burr,  Geogra- 
pher to  the  House  of  Hepresentatives  of  the  United 
States,  on  the  scale  of  one-inch  to  ten  statute  miles. 

De  Soto  arrived  in  the  Bay  of  Espiritu  Santo,  on 
the  western  coast  of  East  Florida,  on  the  25th  of 
May  1539,  and  after  four  days  spent  in  taking  obser- 
vations of  the  vicinity,  landed  his  army  probably  in 
that  part  of  it  known  as  Hillsborough  Bay.  Six 
miles  in  a  north-westerly  direction  brought  them  to 
an  Indian  village  named  Ucita  by  the  Portuguese 
historian,  but  Hirrihigua  by  the  Inca  Garcilasso  de  la 
Vega. 

Their  onward  route  towards  the  north-east,  pass- 
ing through  the  province  of  Paracossi,  or  Urribar- 
racuxi,  is  thus  minutely  described  by  Dr.  Monette : — 


XXXVIU  INTRODUCTION. 

"  The  army  pursued  an  Indian  trace,  which  traversed 
tlie  low,  marshy  region  south  and  east  of  the  Hills- 
borough River,  towards  the  north-east.  Their  guides 
led  them  through  thick  woods,  with  tangled  vines 
and  undergrowth  ;  through  swamps,  marshes,  and 
deep  morasses,  almost  impassable  for  man  or 
horse.  ...  After  several  days  of  severe  toil  and  great 
perplexity,  in  threading  their  way  through  swamps 
and  bogs,  they  at  length  came  to  a  deep  river, 
which  was  out  of  its  banks  from  recent  rains. 
On  each  side  of  the  stream,  for  a  mile  and  a  half  in 
width,  was  a  low  swamp,  which  was  excessively  boggy 
w^hen  not  completely  covered  with  water.  Three 
days  were  spent  in  continued  and  fruitless  attempts 
to  find  a  firm  crossing-place. ...  A  rude  Indian  bridge, 
made  by  a  tree  felled  in  from  each  bank,  and  joined 
by  a  floating  raft,  enabled  them  to  cross,  while  the 
horses  were  obliged  to  swim.  They  were  now,  in  all 
probability,  on  the  Withlacoochy  Hiver,  in  the  region 
of  the  Wahoo  swamp  ;  and  pursuing  their  route, 
they  crossed  from  the  south  to  the  north  side,  and 
continued  their  march  towards  the  north.  After 
almost  incredible  difficulties,  the  army  arrived  at  the 
village  of  Acuera,  about  thirty  miles  north  of  the 
Withlacoochy  or  Amaxura  Hiver,  situated  in  a  beau- 
tiful and  fertile  bottom,  environed  by  extensive  fields 
of  corn,  and  by  gardens,  besides  beautiful  copses  of 
fruit  trees....  Near  the  village  of  Acuera,  De  Soto 
remained  for  twenty  days. . . .  The  Spaniards  were  now 
about  seventy  or  eighty  miles  distant  from  Hills- 
borough Bay,  in  a  due  north  direction,  and  about 


INTRODUCTION.  XXXIX 

twelve  miles  south-west  from  Orange  Lake. . . .  De  Soto 
determined  to  march  for  the  country  of  Ocali  [Cale], 
about  forty  miles  further  north.  In  the  first  thirty 
miles,  they  passed  over  a  thin,  barren  region,  and  some 
fine  forests,  probably  north-west  of  the  present  site  of 
Fort  Micanopy,  before  they  entered  the  fertile  region 
of  OcaH.  For  twenty  miles  further,  they  passed 
through  a  fruitful  valley,  thickly  inhabited,  and 
abounding  in  fields.  At  length  they  arrived  at  the 
chief  town,  called,  after  the  country,  Ocali.  This 
was  one  of  the  most  extensive  towns  in  Florida,  and 
contained  six  hundred  houses.  It  was  situated  upon 
the  south  side  of  a  river,  in  all  probability  the  Su- 
wanee,  or  the  Santa  Fe  branch.  Here  the  Spaniards 
remained  several  days." 

It  were  almost  vain  to  attempt  to  trace  the  precise 
positions  of  the  various  so-called  towns  or  villages 
which  next  occur,  as  referred  to  by  the  Portuguese 
narrator,  and  by  him  alone,  until  they  arrive  at  the 
country  of  Vitachuco  or  Palache.  This  province 
would  seem  to  have  extended  northward,  according 
to  Dr.  Monette,  as  far  as  the  Suwanee  river,  which 
forms  the  southern  limit  of  Hamilton  County,  Florida. 
Ochile  was  its  frontier  province ;  and  the  town  of 
Vitachuco  itself  is  supposed  by  the  same  author  to 
have  been  about  twelve  miles  south-east  of  Suwanee 
river,  or  the  northern  verge  of  the  province  itself. 

This  account,  however,  we  think  carries  the  jour- 
ney too  far  north ;  and  we  incline  to  agree  with  Mr. 
Fairbanks,  in  placing  Ocali  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
Fort  King,  and  Vitachuco  about  fifteen  miles  west  of 


xl  TNTRODUCTIOX. 

Fort  ^licanopy.  lie  says  that  in  this  vicinity  are 
numerous  lakes  and  prairies,  which  might  be  taken 
as  the  scene  of  a  battle,  described  very  fully  by  Gar- 
cilasso  de  la  Vega. 

Their  route  thence  brought  them  to  a  large  and 
deep  river,  doubtless  the  Suwanee,  which  they  crossed 
on  rafts,  and  came  to  the  village  of  Uzela  or  Ossachile, 
which  Mr.  Fairbanks  takes  to  be  Suwanee  old  tovra. 
In  journeying  hence  towards  the  country  of  Apalache, 
they  crossed  a  "  great  morass",  and  after  a  dangerous 
and  toilsome  march  came  to  a  deep  river  bordered 
by  dense  forests,  which  was  in  all  probability  the 
Oscilla,  and  about  twelve  miles  beyond  was  the 
town  of  Anhayca.  The  sw^amp  crossed  is  thought 
by  Mr.  Fairbanks  to  be  that  at  the  head  of  the 
Estauhatchee,  a  river  emptying  into  the  gulf  He 
remarks,  that  it  could  not  have  been  the  Okefenokee, 
as  supposed  by  Mr.  M'Culloh,  as  that  is  nearly  one 
hundred  and  fifty  miles  from  Apalache,  and  is  alto- 
gether unlike  the  morass,  and  no  Indian  highway 
goes  through  it ;  its  diameter  being  twelve  or  fifteen 
miles.  Almost  any  wet  Florida  swamp  at  the  head 
of  a  river  would  answer  the  description  given  of  the 
morass  crossed  by  De  Soto.  He  adds,  that  from  his 
personal  knowledge  of  the  country,  he  feels  con- 
fident that  the  course  we  have  thus  far  marked  out 
must  be  nearly,  if  not  exactly  the  one  taken ;  and  the 
fact,  that  the  Seminoles  kept  the  whole  army  of  the 
United  States  at  bay  for  seven  years,  and  now  require 
to  be  bought  out,  is  itself  an  evidence  of  the  nature  of 
the  country. —  Vide  Kerr's  Voyages  and  Travels^  vol.  v, 


INTRODUCTION.  xH 

page  466  ;  M'Culloh's  Researclies^  P^ge  524  ;  Darby's 
Florida,  pp.  19-20. 

Upon  the  position  of  the  town  of  Anhaica  or 
Anhayca,  and  of  the  Bay  of  Ante,  in  its  vicinity,  Mr. 
Gallatin  makes  the  following  observations : — "  This 
was  situated  in  the  vicinity  of  a  port  into  which 
he  [De  Soto]  ordered  his  vessels,  and  which,  from  the 
position  designated,  must  necessarily  have  been  some- 
where in  Apalachee  Bay.  We  cannot  therefore  err 
much  in  placing  Anhayca  in  the  vicinity  of  the 
Ockockona  river.  East,  and  not  far  from  it,  the  names 
of  Uzachil  and  Anille  [Axille]  are  mentioned,  and 
there  is  a  river  precisely  in  the  same  position,  which 
to  this  day  is  called  Oscilla.  But  I  have  not  been 
able  to  ascertain  whether  this  is  either  an  Uchee  or 
Muskhogee  name,  or  whether  it  may  not  have  been 
subsequently  given  to  the  river  by  the  Spaniards  in 
commemoration  of  De  Soto's  expedition.  I  have  been 
equally  unfortunate  in  my  inquiries  respecting  the 
etymology  of  the  name  Apalachee ;  whether  it  belongs 
to  the  language  of  any  of  the  existing  nations,  or 
whether  it  has  been  perpetuated  from  De  Soto's  time. 
It  is  certain  that  the  river  Appalachicola  is  known  to 
the  Muskhogees  by  no  other  name  than  that  of  Chatta 
Hatchee,  or  Rock  River.  The  only  name  mentioned 
in  that  vicinity,  having  any  known  affinity  with  an 
Indian  language,  is  that  of  a  village  near  the  sea- 
port, which  in  the  Spanish  relation  is  called  Ante. 
In  the  Muskhogee  language,  autti  or  oty,  means  an 
island. 

"  De  Soto's  officers  discovered  in  the  course  of  the 

9 


xlii  INTRODUCTION. 

winter  another  and  better  port,  sixty  comjiuted  leagues 
west  of  Ante.  This  was  called  Ochus,  and  must 
have  been  either  Pensacola,  or  the  entrance  of  the 
Mobile.  Instead,  however,  of  proceeding  in  that 
du'ection,  De  Soto,  on  the  information  of  an  Indian 
boy,  determined  to  march  northwardly  in  search  of  a 
gold  region." 

Upon  the  same  subject,  Mr.  M'Culloh  makes  the 
following  remarks  : — "  The  Apalachy  Indians,  at  the 
time  the  French  settled  in  Louisiana,  lived  around  and 
above  the  junction  of  Flint  and  Cattahouchie  rivers, 
and,  most  probably,  had  lived  there  since  the  time  of 
Soto.  The  town  of  Anhayca  I  have  placed  north  of  the 
river  Uche,  from  the  following  incident  in  Soto's  his- 
tory : — After  Calderona,  who  was  marching  to  join 
him  at  Anhayca,  had  passed  the  marsh  of  Apalache, 
which  I  cannot  make  out  to  be  other  than  the  Oha- 
hichee  swamp,  he  entered  on  a  large  plain,  over 
which  he  marched  about  five  leagues  to  a  deep 
stream, — the  Uche  river,  I  presume, — where  they 
fought  a  battle  with  the  Indians.  Now  near  this 
place  must  have  been  the  town  of  Anhayca,  for 
Garcilazo  says,  that  the  Spaniards  encamped  there 
ought  to  have  heard  the  noise  of  the  engagement. 
We  cannot  be  far  wrong  in  thus  locating  Apa- 
lache ;  for  the  seaport  of  Ante,  which  undoubtedly 
was  at  the  head  of  the  bay  of  St.  Mark's,  was  about 
thirty  leagues  distant." 

Dr.  Monette's  observations  place  this  town  some- 
what more  northerly,  but  yet  in  a  position  suffici- 
ently   approximating   to    the    other    two,    allowance 


INTRODUCTION.  xliii 

being  made  for  the  almost  inevitable  want  of  preci- 
sion in  the  original  documents.  He  says : — "  That 
part  of  the  province  in  which  the  town  of  Anhayca 
was  situated,  is,  by  general  assent,  placed  from  about 
one  hundred  to  one  hundred  and  thirty  miles  north 
of  the  present  site  of  St.  Mark's.  As  to  the  imme- 
diate site  of  this  town,  nothing  definite  can  be  ascer- 
tained ;  but  it  was  probably  in  the  vicinity  of  some  of 
the  tributaries  of  the  Suwanee  River,  or  nearer  the 
Flint.  The  Spaniards,  pursuing  their  circuitous 
marches,  considered  it  nine  days'  march  from  the  sea, 
and  near  one  hundred  leagues  north  from  the  Bay  of 
Espiritu  Santo.  The  province  was  populous,  and  had 
numerous  villages  and  extensive  fields.     There  was 


no  gold  in  the  country.  .  .  While  in  winter  quarters 
at  Anhayca,  De  Soto  repeatedly  sent  out  strong  de- 
tachments through  the  surrounding  country,  to  the 
distance  of  forty  or  fifty  miles,  to  explore  the  country, 
and  inquire  for  the  gold  region.  Some  of  these  de- 
tachments were  out  as  long  as  a  week  or  ten  days, 
and  returned  and  reported  the  country  on  the  north 
fertile,  populous,  and  free  from  marshes.  At  length, 
one  of  the  most  intrepid  and  persevering  captains  was 
despatched  southward,  with  a  strong  detachment  of 
horse  and  foot,  to  reach  the  sea."  Mr.  Irving  places 
Anhayca  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  modern  town 
of  Tallahassee ;  and  Colonel  Pickett  says,  Indian  tra- 
ditions confirm  this  opinion. 

After  wintering  at  Anhayca,  they  marched  north- 
wardly five  or  six  days,  and  crossing,  on  the  fourth  or 
fifth,  a  broad  and   very  rapid  river, — probably  the 


xliv  INTRODUCTION. 

Ochlockony, — they  reached  Capachiqui.  Ten  days 
from  Capachiqui,  brings  them,  on  the  21st  March,  to 
Toalli,  or  Otoa,  the  largest  viUage  yet  seen,  but  the 
site  of  which  we  are  unable  to  conjecture.  It  is 
described,  however,  as  near  Achese,  on  a  small  river, 
which  was  probably  the  southern  branch  of  the 
Ocmulgee,  Ochis  being,  according  to  Mr.  Gallatin, 
the  Muskhogee  name  of  that  river. 

They  left  Achese — the  Chisi  of  Biedma — on  the 
1st  of  April;  and  on  the  4th  came  to  Altamaca,  the 
Altapaha  of  Biedma,  which  name,  M'CuUoh  suggests, 
is  probably  preserved  in  that  of  the  river  Alapapaha, 
the  midmost  branch  of  the  Sawanee  river,  but  which 
we  presume  to  be  the  river  Altamaha  itself,  of  which 
the  Ocmulgee  is  a  branch. 

In  the  middle  of  April  they  reached  Ocute  and 
Cofaqui,  and  on  the  28th  or  29th  of  the  month  came 
to  Cutifachiqui  or  Cofachiqui.  Dr.  Monette  places  this 
province  on  the  head- waters  of  the  Savannah  river, 
and  the  chief  toA\m  probably  in  the  peninsula  at  the 
junction  of  the  Broad  and  Savannah  rivers.  On  this 
point  Mr.  Gallatin  has  the  following  remarks,  which 
give  to  the  location  of  Cutifachiqui  a  tolerable  amount 
of  certainty  :  "  Twelve  days'  march  more,  in  the  same 
direction,  brought  him  [De  Soto]  toXuala  in  the  moun- 
tains; and  this  was  the  termination  of  his  travels  north- 
wardly. The  distance  from  the  vicinity  of  St.  Mark's 
to  the  sources  of  the  French  Broad,  or  of  the  Hiwas- 
see,  both  tributary  streams  of  the  Tennessee,  is  about 
three  hundred  and  fifty  miles  in  a  direct  line.  This 
determines   the    position   of  Cofachiqui,   which  was 


INTRODUCTION.  xlv 

certainly  on  a  river  emptying  into  the  Atlantic,  not 
far  south  of  the  thirty-fourth  degree  of  north  latitude, 
on  the  Oconee,  or  on  the  Savannah  River.  The  state- 
ment, therefore,  that,  according  to  Indian  information, 
it  was  but  two  days'  journey  to  the  sea,  is  erroneous. 
Between  Anhayca  and  Cofachiqui,  we  find  the  two 
names  of  Achese,  on  a  river  which  the  Spaniards 
ascended  some  days,  and  of  Ocute,  a  fruitful  country, 
Ochis  is  the  Muskhogee  name  of  the  Okmulgee  river. 
Oketa^  in  the  same  language  means  woman ;  and 
Cohivita  in  Uchee  means  man^  and  is  the  well-known 
name  of  a  Creek  town.  These  detached  names  afford 
but  a  slight  indication  of  that  part  of  the  country 
having  been  at  that  time  occupied  by  the  Creeks. 
But  from  Cofachiqui  to  the  Mississippi,  we  have  a 
continued  series  of  names,  which  seems  to  leave  no 
doubt  respecting  the  several  nations  along  De  Soto's 
line  of  march,  from  the  time  he  left  Cofachiqui." 

We  further  quote  from  a  note  by  Colonel  Pickett, 
which  leaves  no  doubt  on  our  mind  as  to  the  real 
locality  of  Cofachiqui.  The  colonel  says,  "  that  all 
Indian  tradition  places  the  town  of  Cofachiqui  on  the 
east  bank  of  the  Savannah,  at  the  modern  Silver 
Bluff,  Barnwell  district.  South  Carolina.  About  1735, 
a  young  Irishman,  George  Gilpin,  settled  upon  the 
ruins  of  Cofachiqui,  and  gave  it  the  name  of  Silver 
Bluff,  owing  to  the  tradition,  that  De  Soto  and  his 
troops  searched  there  for  silver  in  the  bed  of  the  river, 
and  among  the  various  strata  of  the  Bluff,  some  of 
which  resembled  silver  ore." 

In  seven  days'  march  due  north  from  that  place, 


xlvi  INTRODUCTION. 

De  Soto  came  to  Chalaque,  probably  a  tribe  of  Chero- 
kees,  some  of  whom  do  not  pronounce  the  letter  r, 
and  call  themselves  Chellakees.  The  next  province 
reached  by  the  Spaniards  was  Xualla,  from  which 
their  course  was  westwardly,  bending  to  the  south. 

It  is  possible,  that  the  town  of  Qualatche,  which 
is  situated  on  the  very  source  of  the  Catahootche 
river,  designates  the  station  of  Xualla,  —  Colonel 
Pickett  says  it  w^as  probably  in  Habersham  county. 
From  hence  they  proceeded,  in  two  days,  to  Canasa- 
gua,  a  name  perhaps  retained  in  the  river  Connesaugo, 
which  runs  nearly  along  the  8°  of  longitude  (west 
from  Washington)  from  the  mountains,  and  finally 
empties  into  the  Coosa  river. 

Leaving  Canasagua,  in  five  days  they  reached  the 
town  of  Chiaha,  or  Ichiaha,  which  all  agree  in  placing 
on  the  Etowee  branch  of  the  Coosa  river ;  and  Dr. 
Monette  supposes  it  to  have  been  in  that  part  of 
Georgia  now  designated  as  Floyd  County.  Colonel 
Pickett  places  it  on  the  site  of  the  modern  town  of 
Home.  He  says,  that  De  Soto  had  now  reached  the 
confluence  of  the  Oostanaula  and  Etow^ah,  which 
make  the  Coosa,  and  that  the  Spaniards  mistook  the 
peninsula  on  which  the  village  stood  for  an  island. 
Mr.  Meek  also  states,  that  there  is  no  such  island 
now  in  the  Coosa,  and  thinks  it  probable  that  the 
Spaniards  either  mistook  the  peninsula  formed  by  the 
junction  of  the  two  rivers  for  an  island,  or  that  these 
two  rivers  were  origmally  united  so  as  to  form  an 
island  near  their  present  confluence.  He  adds,  that 
he  has  heard  this  latter  supposition  asserted  by  two 


INTRODUCTION.  xlvil 

persons  well  acquainted  with  the  country.  Crossing 
this  river,  they  entered  the  province  of  Coste  or  Acoste 
on  the  2nd  of  July,  and  thence  marched  to  the  province 
of  Coca  or  Cosa,  the  principal  village  of  which  they 
reached  on  the  26th  of  July.  Mr.  M'Culloh  here  says: 
"From  Acoste  they  marched  into  the  province  of  Cosa. 
This  province  they  state  to  be  about  one  hundred 
leagues  in  extent;  and  that  the  village  of  the  cacique, 
which  was  also  called  Cosa,  was  at  the  other  extremity 
of  the  province  from  whence  they  had  entered.  It  Avas 
situated  upon  the  banks  of  a  river.  Every  part  of 
this  description  is  strictly  correct,  as  applied  to  that 
town,  which  is  now  called  in  our  maps,  '  Old  Coosa', 
in  north  latitude  about  33°  30',  on  Coosa  river." 

They  remained  at  Coca  twenty-five  days,  and  left 
it  on  the  20th  of  August ;  and  after  passing  through 
several  villages,  enumerated  only  by  the  Portuguese 
historian,  came  to  Tallise  on  the  18th  of  September. 
This  town  lay  upon  a  very  rapid  river,  which  M'Cul- 
loh considers  to  be  the  Talisse  of  the  maps,  lying  at 
the  elbow  of  Talapoosa  river.  They  crossed  this  river, 
and  in  six  days  came  to  Tascaluca.  Bossu  (^Travels  in 
Louisiana^  282)  says,  that  above  sixty  leagues  above  the 
junction  of  the  Tombecbe  and  Alabama  rivers,  and 
up  this  last,  is  a  ford  called  by  the  Choctaws  Taska- 
loussas,  which  signifies  ivhite  mountain  or  hill^  where 
we  may  suppose  the  army  to  have  crossed. 

A  few  days  afterwards,  De  Soto  proceeded  to  the 
south-east,  until  he  arrived  at  the  toAvn  of  Mauvilla,  or 
Mavilla,  on  the  site  of  which  Mr.  Irving  gives  the  fol- 
lowing note: — "This  town  is  supposed  to  have  stood  on 


xlviii  INTRODUCTION. 

the  north  side  of  the  Alabama,  and  at  a  place  now  called 
Choctaw  Bluff,  in  the  county  of  Clarke,  about  twenty- 
five  miles  above  the  junction  of  that  river  with  the 
Tombecbe,  within  a  hundred  miles  from  Pensacola ; 
and  this  opinion  is  strengthened  by  the  fact,  that  aged 
Indians  in  the  neighbourhood,  at  the  present  day, 
point  it  out  as  the  site  of  the  great  battle  between 
De  Soto  and  the  MobiHans.  There  is  little  doubt 
that  it  gave  the  name  to  the  present  river  and  bay  of 
Mobile.  The  letters  v  and  h  are  often  used  indiffer- 
ently in  Spanish  in  place  of  each  other,  and  articu- 
lated in  nearly  the  same  manner.  Charlevoix,  in  his 
Journal  Historique^  let.  33,  p.  452,  says : — '  Garcilasso 
de  la  Vega,  dans  son  Histoire  de  la  Floride,  parle 
d'une  Bourgade  appellee  Mauvilla^  laquelle  a  sans 
doute  donne  son  nom  a  la  riviere,  et  a  la  nation  qui 
etoit  etablie  sur  ses  bords.  Ces  Mauviliens  etoient 
alors  tres-puissans ;  a  peine  en  reste-t'il  aujourd'hui 
quelques  vestiges.'" 

Their  onward  route  from  Mauvila  has  been  ela- 
borated with  such  zeal  and  patient  attention  by  Dr. 
Monette,  that  we  feel  justified  in  submitting  it  to  the 
reader's  favourable  acceptance,  contenting  ourselves 
with  offering  by  the  way  such  corrective  suggestions 
as  may  arise  from  our  own  deductions,  or  those  of 
Mr.  M'Culloh.  Dr.  Monette's  remarks  run  thus : — 
"  One  month  after  the  great  disaster  of  Mau^dle,  find- 
ing that  his  horses  and  men  were  now  suffi.ciently  re- 
covered from  their  wounds  to  travel,  De  Soto  set  out 
on  his  march  toward  the  north,  near  the  last  of  Novem- 
ber. . . .  After  ^Ye  days'  march  they  arrived  at  '  a  deep 


INTRODUCTION.        ■*  xlix 

and  wide  river',  wliicli  was  in  all  probability  the 
Tombigby,  below  the  month  of  the  Black  Warrior. 
This  they  crossed  after  mnch  hard  fighting  with  a 
large  body  of  Indians,  who  dispnted  the  passage  for 
twelve  days,  nntil  large  boats  were  constructed  to 
ferry  the  army  across.  This  was  probably  in  Marengo 
county,  Alabama,  not  far  from  Chickasa  Creek.  After 
this  they  marched  on  toward  the  north-west  for  five 
days  more,  when  they  came  to  another  river,  probably 
the  Pearl,  which  was  not  so  large  as  the  first.  Here 
they  met  with  some  opposition  from  the  natives,  and 
passed  on  in  the  province  of  Chicasa,  within  the  state 
of  Mississippi.  The  first  river  crossed  by  De  Soto  and 
his  army  after  leaving  Mauvile  was  '  a  deep  and  wide 
river',  where  they  were  vigorously  opposed  by  a  large 
body  of  Indians,  who,  stationed  for  six  miles  on  the 
west  bank,  defeated  every  attempt  to  cross  for  twelve 
days,  until  the  Spaniards  had  completed  a  very  large 
scow  or  ferry-boat Some  have  erroneously  sup- 
posed this  was  the  Black  Warrior  itself ;  but  De  Soto 
directed  his  general  course  west  of  north  from  Mauvile, 
and  of  course  he  would  not  reach  the  Black  Warrior, 
which  was  toward  the  north-east ;  besides,  the  latter 
river  does  not  answer  to  the  size  and  depth  of  the  first 
river  crossed  in  their  march  for  Chicasa.  The  second 
river  crossed  in  this  march  was  probably  the  main 
Pearl  river,  somewhere  in  Leake  county.  Thence  the 
course  was  more  toward  the  north ;  and  after  eight  or 
ten  days'  march  in  that  direction,  they  came  to  the 
village  of  Chicasa,  situated  in  a  beautiful  plain,  fertile 
and  well- watered,  probably  in  the  valley  of  the  Yalobu- 

li 


1  INTRODUCTION. 

sha.  and  in  that  portion  embraced  in  Yalobusha  county. 
The  expedition  arrived  at  this  village  late  in  Decem- 
ber, about  one  month  after  its  departure  from  Mau- 
vile.     It  was  composed  of  about  two  hundred  small 

houses  or  wigwams The  winter  had  now  set  in. 

....  De  Soto  determined  to  remain  in  the  village 
until  spring.  .  .  .  This  w^as  supposed  by  the  Spaniards 
to  have  been  the  chief  town  of  the  Chicasa  Indians, 
whose  territory  extended  to  the  first  river  they  crossed 
after  leaving  Mauvile  (a.d.  1541).  After  this  disaster 
(the  battle  and  conflagration  of  Chicasa),  the  army 
soon  removed  to  another  village,  about  three  miles 
distant,  called  Chicacilla,  where  they  fortified  them- 
selves, and  remained  until  the  last  of  March  .  .  About 
the  1st  of  April,  De  Soto  broke  up  his  winter-quar- 
ters, and  set  out  again  toward  the  north-west.  The 
first  day's  march  westward  brought  them  to  the  vici- 
nity of  a  strongly  fortified  town  called  Alibamo,  or  as 
the  Portuguese  narrator  writes  it,  Alimamu.  This  is 
the  town  from  which  the  river  Alabama  takes  its 
name.  It  was  situated  on  the  east  bank  of  a  deep 
but  narrow  river,  with  high  banks,  in  all  probability 
the  same  now  known  as  the  Tallahatchy,  and  probably 
not  far  above  the  junction  of  the  Yalobusha  .  .  .  The 
next  day  this  post  was  regularly  attacked  and  carried 
by  storm.  .  .  .  The  Spaniards  remained  in  camp  four 
days,  to  recruit  their  strength  and  for  the  recovery  of 
the  wounded. 

"  Their  next  march  was  westward ;  and  crossing 
the  river  at  an  easy  ford  they  left  the  province  of 
Chicasa.      For  seven  days   they  traversed  an  unin- 


INTRODUCTION.  11 

habited  country,  abounding  in  swamps  and  forests, 
where  they  were  often  compelled  to  swim  their  horses 
in  the  route.     At  length  they  came  in  sight  of  a 
village  called  Chisca  [by  Garcilasso  de  la  Vega,  and 
Quizquiz  by  the  Portuguese  author  and  Biedma], — 
which  was  seated  near  a  wide  river.     As  this  was 
the   largest   river   they   had   yet    seen,    they    called 
it  the  '  Eio  Grande'.     It  was  the   same  now  called 
the  Mississippi.  .  .  .  Since  their  departure  from  the 
fortress  of  Alibamo,  the  Spaniards  had  traversed  a 
vast    and    dense   forest,    '  intersected    by   numerous 
streams';    doubtless  the    creeks   and   bayous   of  the 
Tallahatchy  region.     Wearied  in  the  toilsome  march, 
they  remained  several  days  in  camp  at  the  village  of 
Chisca,  near  the  Great  River.     '  The  river  Avas  low 
and  both  banks  were  high.'     Incessantly  harassed  by 
the  hostility  of  the  natives,  they  resumed  the  line  of 
march  up  the  eastern  bank  during  four  days.    Having 
found  an  open  region,  they  encamped   until  boats 
should   be  built  for  crossing    to    the  western    side. 
Twenty  days  were  required  to  build  them  in  sufficient 
size  and  number  to  transport  the  army  and  horses. 
No  sooner  were  the  boats  completed,  than  De  Soto 
began  to  cross  his  army  to  the  western  shore. . .  He  at 
length  succeeded,  with  the  aid  of  a  friendly  chief,  in 
obtaining  for  his  whole  army  a  safe  passage.     '  At 
this  place,'  says  the  Portuguese  historian,  '  the  river 
was  half  a  league  from  one  shore  to  the  other,  so  that 
a  man  standing  still  could  not  be  seen  from  the  oppo- 
site shore.     It  was  of  great  depth  and  of  wonderful 
rapidity.     It  was  very  muddy,  and  was  always  filled 


lii 


INTRODUCTION. 


with  floating  trees  and  timber,  carried  down  by  the 
force  of  the  current.'  Much  doubt  and  uncertainty 
has  obtained  as  to  the  precise  point  at  which  De  Soto 
reached  the  Mississippi.  It  was  evidently  much 
below  the  latitude  of  Memphis,  where  he  was  toiling 
four  days  in  advancing  twelve  leagues  up  the  river, 
and  seven  days  in  his  w^estward  march  through 
swamps  and  deep  forests  from  the  uplands  east  of 
the  Tallahatchy.  At  no  point  above  Helena  are  the 
highlands,  on  the  east  side  of  the  river,  more  than  ten 
or  fifteen  miles  distant.  The  point  where  De  Soto 
crossed  the  river  was  probably  within  thirty  miles  of 
Helena.  The  changes  of  the  channel  in  the  lapse  of 
three  hundred  years  may  have  been  such  as  to  defy 
identification  now."  Mr.  Irving  says  the  spot  "  was 
probably  the  lowest  Chickasaw  Bluff,  one  of  the 
ancient  crossing-places  between  the  thirty -fourth  and 
thirty-fifth  parallel  of  latitude". 

We  do  not  venture  to  trace  the  route  beyond  this 
upon  the  map,  inasmuch  as  it  is  so  complicated  as  to 
have  caused  the  greatest  perplexity  and  difference  of 
opinion  to  all  who  have  endeavoured  to  follow  it. 
We  shall  therefore  content  ourselves  with  placing 
before  the  reader  the  respective  conclusions  of  Mr. 
M'Culloh  and  of  Dr.  Monette. 


M'CULLOH. 

After  having  built  boats,  they 
crossed  the  Mississippi,  some- 
where, I  presume,  about  twenty 
or  thirty  miles  below  the  mouth 
of  tlie  Arkansaw  river.  They  call 
tlic  country  where  they  landed 
the  province  of  Aquixo,  a  name 


MONETTE. 

The  whole  expedition  having 
safely  crossed  to  the  west  side  of 
the  river, . . .  the  army  prej^ared 
to  advance  north-westward  into 
the  interior  of  what  is  now  the 
State  of  Arkansas.  After  nearly 
fi^  c  days'  march  through  a  level 


INTRODUCTION. 


m'culloh. 


we  cannot  recognize  in  any  In- 
dian words  preserved  on  our 
maps.  As  far  as  can  be  collected 
from  their  account,  they  marched 
across  the  province,  crossed  a 
river  (the  AVachita),  and  on  the 
fifth  day,  from  a  high  eminence 
(probably  near  the  present  south- 
ern old  Cado  village),  they  disco- 
vered the  town  of  Casquin,  on 
the  banks  of  a  river  (Red  river) 
as  great  as  the  Guadalquivir  at 
Cordova. 

[It  is  not  unlikely  that  by  this 
name  the  Kaskaia  Indians  are 
intended,  but  they  are  now  found 
in  the  interior  of  the  country. 
According  to  Long's  Expedition, 
ii,  112,  they  frequent  the  country 
about  the  sources  of  the  Platte, 
Arkansaw,  and  Rio  del  Norte, 
and  extend  their  hunting  excur- 
sions to  Red  River,  and  the 
sources  of  the  Brasses. — iYo^e.] 

They  marched  up  this  river  to 
some  little  villages  where  the 
cacique  held  his  court  (probably 
the  northern  old  Cado  villages), 
and  from  hence  they  proceeded 
to  Capaha;  in  which  word  we 
may  recognize  a  town  of  the  Kap- 
pas, or  Quapaw  Indians,  who 
even  at  this  day,  have  their  towns 
extending  across  the  Wachita 
from  the  Red  to  the  Arcansaw 
river.  It  is  impossible  to  say 
where  Capaha  stood,  but  if  a  lo- 
cality be  deemed  necessary,  we 
may  suppose  it  to  have  been 
about  the  western  Cado  village, 
which  on  Pike's  map  is  near  the 
18°  of  longitude  west  from  Wash- 
ington. The  most  embarrassing 
part  of  their  narration,  however, 
is,  that  they  say  there  was  a  canal 
of  water  of  about  three  leagues 
in  length  from  Capaha  to  the 
Great  river.    As  the  appellation 


liii 

MONETTE. 

wilderness  country,  intersected  in 
many  places  with  streams,  bay- 
ous, and  lakes,  many  of  which 
were  not  fordable,  they  descried 
a  large  Indian  village  containing 
about  four  hundred  dwellings. 
It  was  situated  on  the  banks 
of  a  river,  bordered  as  far  as  the 
eye  could  reach,  with  luxuriant 
fields  of  corn,  and  fruit  trees  of 
different  kinds.  This  town  was 
occupied  by  the  tribe  of  Casqui 
or  Casquin;  and  the  river  upon 
which  it  was  situated  in  all  pro- 
bability was  White  River,  about 
one  hundred  and  fifty  miles 
above  its  junction  with  the  Mis- 
sissippi.    They  remained  at  this 

place  six  days They  then  set 

out  for  the  chief  town  or  resi- 
dence of  the  cacique,  which  was 
situated  upon  the  same  side  of 
the  river,  about  two  days'  march 
above  the  first  town.  In  this 
distance  they  passed  through  a 
beautiful  rolling  country,  which 
was  less  alluvial  than  any  they 
had  passed  since  they  left  the 
highlands  east  of  the  Tallahatchy. 
It  was  late  in  the  month  of  May. 
Having  remained  nine  or  ten 
days. .  . ,  De  Soto  set  out  toward 
the  north  and  east.  .  .  .  After 
marching  three  days  through 
open  lands,  ''  they  came  to  a 
great  swamp,  rising  on  the  bor- 
ders, with  a  lake  in  the  centre 
too  deep  to  be  forded,  and  which 
formed  a  kind  of  gulf  on  the 
Mississippi,  into  which  it  emptied 
itself." 

Two  days  more  brought  them 
to  some  elevated  ridges,  beyond 
which  they  beheld  the  chief  town 
of  the  Capaha  tribe.  This  town, 
which  contained  five  hundred 
houses,  was  situated  on  an  ele- 
vated piece  of  land,  nearly  sur- 


liv 


INTRODUCTION. 


M'CULLOH. 

Great  river  has  been  but  just 
applied  to  the  Missis si2:>pi,  I  was 
much  perplexed  to  connect  other 
circumstances  with  the  supposi- 
tion that  Capaha  was  within  three 
leagues  of  that  river,  and  not 
being  able  to  reconcile  the  future 
incidents  of  their  route  with  such 
a  position,  I  have  jjresumed  that 
the  Spaniards  have  called  the 
river  of  Casquin  (Red  river)  the 
Great  river  in  this  instance,  either 
from  some  mistaken  idea  of  its 
identity  with  the  Mississippi  or 
from  its  being  simply  a  large 
river,  without  any  reference  to 
the  former.  If  we  admit  this 
misnomer  to  have  existed,  there 
remains  no  other  difficulty  to 
overcome ;  for  the  ensuing  part 
of  their  journey  agrees  with  sup- 
posing Capaha  to  have  been  on 
Red  river. 

At  Capaha  the  Indians  in- 
formed Soto,  that  at  about  forty 
leagues  distant  were  mountains 
(Ozark  mountains,  or  Potato 
hills),  at  which  he  could  procure 
salt ;  and  two  Spaniards  who 
were  despatched  for  this  purpose, 
returned  after  an  absence  of  ele- 
ven days  with  a  sufficiency  of 
rock  salt,  ''as  clear  as  crystal", 
and  one  load  of  copper.  {Her- 
rera,  v,  339.) 

[According  to  Herrera,  this  dis- 
tance is  but  four  leagues,  if  cor- 
rectly translated;  but  in Garcilazo 
it  is  as  stated  in  our  text.  That 
we  are  correct  in  following  the 
latter,  is  justified  by  the  number 
of  days  consumed  in  the  journey. 
They  had  probably  reached  the 
vicinity  of  the  hot  springs  of 
the  Washita,  near  Avhich  Major 
Long's  \iMty  f  Expeditioji  toRocJii/ 
Mountains,  ii,  299)  found  native 
copper.    In  the  same  region  also 


MONETTE. 

rounded  by  a  deep  bayou  which 
communicated  with   the  Missis- 
sippi   or    '*  Rio    Grande",    nine 
miles  distant  from  the  town.  .  .  . 
The  town  of  Ca2)aha  in  all  proba- 
bility Avas   situated  a  few  miles 
south    of    the    present    town    of 
Helena  in  Arkansas,  upon    the 
w^est   bank    of   the    Mississippi. 
The  changes  in  the  river  channel 
since  that  time  may  have  obliter- 
ated the  ancient  landmarks,  and 
have    thrown    the    river    several 
miles  further  west  at  this  jDarti- 
cular  point.     The  numerous  old 
river  lakes  on  the  east  side  of  the 
river  are  facts  which  corroborate 
the  inference.    The  low  grounds 
west    of   the    Mississij)pi  which 
Avere  traversed  by  De  Soto  in  this 
portion    of   his    marches,   corre- 
spond w^ell  with  the  present  re- 
gion of  the  White  River  delta, 
and  its  tributary  Big  Creek.     In 
further  confirmation  of  the  infer- 
ence   that  De  Soto  crossed  the 
Mississippi  near  this  point,  the 
reader  is  referred  to  the  present 
geography  of  the  countr}^  in  the 
vicinity  of   Helena,   which    Avill 
abundantly  satisfy  him  of  its  cor- 
rectness.    Helena  is  on  the  west 
side  of  the  river,  ten  miles  by  the 
river  below  the  mouth  of  the  St. 
Francis  river,  and  twenty  miles 
above  the  '^  Horse-shoe  Bend", 
or  eighty  miles  above  the  mouth 
of  White  River.     It  is  situated 
on    alluvial    ground,   which    de- 
scends   gently    back    to    a   low, 
boggy,  c}qDress  bayou,  which  me- 
anders within  a  few  rods  of  the 
town,  and  near  the  base  of  the 
uplands,  which  rise  fifty  or  sixty 
feet    above    the   alluvion.      This 
bayou   takes  its  origin  from  an 
old  river-lake  near  the  Bluffs,  a 
few   miles    above    Helena,    and 


INTRODUCTION. 


Iv 


m'culloh. 
is  the  saline  branch  of  the  Wa- 
shita, near  which  they  probably 
procured  salt. — Noter\ 

Afterwards,  Soto  returned  to 
Casquin,  determining  to  march 
to  the  westward,  and  after  cross- 
ing the  river  (Red  river)  he 
marched  down  the  stream  four 
or  five  days,  through  a  fertile 
country,  to  Quiguate,  a  province 
and  town  with  the  same  name, 
fertile  and  abundant  in  provi- 
sions. I  cannot  detect  this  name 
on  the  map.  Lest  any  of  my 
readers  might  suppose  I  had 
overlooked  the  apparent  resemb- 
lance of  Coshatta  in  this  very 
neighbourhood  to  Quiguate,  it 
may  be  proper  to  remark,  that 
the  Coshattas  are  a  body  of  Creek 
Indians  who  emigrated  to  that 
village  about  thirty  or  forty  years 
ago.  From  Quiguate  they 
marched  in  five  days  to  Colima, 
still  descending  the  river,  which 
Garcilazo  {Exped.  of  Soto,  \\,  172) 
expressly  says,  ran  by  Casquin, 
and  which  confirms  our  supposi- 
tion that  Capaha  was  on  Red 
river ;  for  such  a  descent  along 
the  river  side  will  alone  suit  that 
stream.  Colima,  or  Coligoa  (for 
it  is  spelt  both  ways)  I  cannot 
identify  in  any  Indian  name;  but 
the  Portuguese  gentleman  says, 
they  marched  seven  days  from 
Quiguate  under  guidance  of  an 
Indian,  through  a  marshy  country 
and  so  wet  that  they  even  slept 
in  the  water  until  they  came  to 
Coligoa,  which  lay  at  the  foot  of 
a  mountain,  and  upon  a  river  as 
large  as  the  Coya  in  Estrema- 
dura.  This  description  Avill  apply 
tolerably  well  to  that  hill  called 
Mount  Darby,  abovit  32°  north 
latitude,  and  by  which  Sibley's 
river  passes. 


MONETTE. 

winds  on  about  fifteen  miles  be- 
low the  town,  where  it  unites  with 
the  river  at  '^  Horse-shoe  Bend". 
Upon  this  bayou,  which  is  called 
^'Old-town  Bayou",  about  eight 
miles  below  Helena,  are  found 
the  remains  of  a  large  Indian 
town.  These  remains  consist  of 
mounds,  embankments,  and 
bricks,  of  antique  appearance  and 
form.  They  are  doubtless  the 
remains  of  the  old  Indian  town 
Capaha.  The  striking  resemb- 
lance in  the  general  features  of 
the  country  about  the  Arkansas, 
White  River,  and  the  St.  Francis, 
compared  with  that  on  Red  River, 
the  Washita,  and  the  River  au 
Ba3uf,  or  the  Tensas,  as  regards 
the  general  description  of  rivers, 
swamps,  and  high  rolling  lands, 
has  been  the  cause  of  much  doubt 
and  uncertainty  among  those  who 
have  attempted  to  trace  the  route 
of  the  Spanish  army.  Some  have 
supposed  that  their  first  sojourn- 
ing and  marches  west  of  the 
Mississippi  were  principally  in 
the  vicinity  of  NeAV Madrid;  some 
that  it  was  near  the  Arkansas ; 
and  others  that  it  must  have  been 
as  low  dow^n  as  Red  River.  This 
latter  opinion  is  maintained  by 
Judge  Martin  in  his  History  of 
Louisiana.  In  this  he  is  most 
probably  in  error.  While  in  the 
territory  of  Capaha,  De  Soto  hav- 
ing heard  of  a  region  to  the  north, 
where  salt  abounded,  and  where 
probably  gold  might  be  found, 
sent  two  Spaniards  with  Indian 
guides  to  ascertain  the  prospects. 
After  eleven  days  they  returned, 
having  been  about  one  hundred 
leagues  north-west,  through  a 
barren  and  hilly  region,  abound- 
ing in  buff'aloes.  They  brought 
a  supply  of  rock  salt  and  some 


Ivi 


INTRODUCTION. 


m'culloh. 

From  Collgoa,  after  five  days' 
march,  they  arrived  at  ralisema ; 
but  they  do  not  state  in  what 
direction  they  went.  As  they 
say,  however,  the  face  of  the 
country  was  rough,  we  may  pre- 
sume they  had  left  Red  river, 
and  marched  westwardly  across 
the  hills  between  Ked  and  Sabine 
rivers,  and  from  thence  they  ad- 
vanced to  Tafalicoya,  in  the 
province  of  Cayas, —  the  Keyes 
Indians,  who  live  on  the  east 
bank  of  Trinity  river  at  present, 
but  formerly  resided  on  the  head 
waters  of  the  Sabine.  Thence  they 
marched  to  Tanico  (Tankaways : ), 
[The  Tankaways  have  no  parti- 
cular place  of  abode,  but  are  al- 
ways moving,  alternately  occupy- 
ing the  country  watered  by  the 
Trinity,  Brassos  de  Dios,  and  Co- 
lorado rivers. — Note.'],  on  a  river 
side  (Brassos  de  Dios),  and  then 
in  a  day  and  a  half  more  reached 
Tula.  From  this  town  they 
marched  in  six  days  to  Vitanque 
or  Autiamque,  where  they  passed 
the  winter  of  1 5  4 1 .  At  this  place 
they  say  it  snowed  heavily. 

I  have  not  been  able  to  iden- 
tify any  points  on  their  march, 
or  even  its  general  direction  after 
leaving  Coligoa;  but  incline,  from 
their  future  movements,  to  sup- 
pose that  they  had  ascended  the 
river  Brassos  de  Dios  some  dis- 
tance up  the  valley,  through 
which  that  stream  descends  from 
mountains  of  St.  Saba.  I  think 
we  maybe  justified  in  supposing 
this  to  have  been  their  route,  as 
the  Portuguese  gentleman  says, 
that,  in  marching  from  Tula  to 
Autiamque,  they  were  '  five  days 
passing  over  very  rough  moun- 
tains', which  can  hardly  be  ap- 
plied to  any  other  mountains 
than  those  of  St.  Saba. 


MONETTE. 

copper,  but  found  no  gold.  Dis- 
couraged by  this  intelligence,  De 
Soto  determined  to  bear  more 
toward  the  west.  He  finally  re- 
turned to  the  village  of  Casqui, 
probably  on  White  River,  and 
thence,  after  a  few  days  rest,  they 
advanced  down  the  river,  march- 
ing through  a  fertile  and  popu- 
lous country  for  several  days,  or 
about  one  hundred  miles,  to  the 
principal  town  of  Quigate,  where 
he  arrived  on  the  4th  of  August. 
This  town  must  have  been  on 
White  River,  about  forty  or  fifty 
miles  above  its  mouth. 

Mr.  Irving  says  :  ''  From  Qui- 
gate De  Soto  shaped  his  course 
to  the  northwest  in  search  of  a 
province  called  Coligoa,  lying  at 
the  foot  of  mountains,  beyond 
which  he  thought  there  might  be 
a  gold  region.  After  a  march 
of  several  clays  through  dreary 
forests  and  frequent  marshes, 
they  came  to  the  village  of  Coli- 
goa on  the  margin  of  a  small 
river."  This  must  have  been  the 
Big  Meto  Creek,  about  fifty  miles 
south-east  of  Little  Rock. 

At  Coligoa  De  Soto  learned 
that  the  country  to  the  north  was 
thinly  inhabited  by  Indians,  but 
that  vast  herds  of  buffaloes  ranged 
the  country,  and  that  toward  the 
south  there  was  a  populous  and 
fertile  country  called  Cayas.  To- 
ward this  country  his  march  was 
next  directed.  After  nine  days' 
march,  having  passed  a  large 
river,  he  came  to  a  village  called 
Tanico,  in  the  Cayas  country. 
Here  he  found  salt  springs.  .  .  . 
He  was  now  probably  on  the 
head  waters  of  Saline  River,  a 
branch  of  the  Washita. 

From  Tanico  their  march  was 
next  directed  westward,  and  after 
several   days'   march    through  a 


INTROUUCTIOX. 


Ivii 


M^CULLOH. 

The  Portuguese  gentleman  also 
says,  that  the  river  of  Cayas 
(Red  river?)  passed  by  Autiam- 
que,  which,  to  make  a  position, 
we  shall  assume  to  have  been 
situated  on  Red  river,  about  the 
20°  of  longitude  west  from  Wash- 
ington. Autiamque,  or  Vitan- 
gue,  it  is  not  unlikely  is  a  cor- 
ruption of  the  Yancton  Sioux 
word  0-tong-y-a,  which  signifies 
a  village. 

While  in  winter  quarters,  they 
made  an  excursion  in  quest  of 
slaves  into  the  province  of  Nagu- 
aten  or  Naguatex  (Nacodoche 
Indians?),  which  they  describe  as 
being  very  populous. 

In  the  spring  of  the  year  1542, 
they  left  Autiamque  to  return  to 
the  great  river  (Mississippi) ;  for 
Soto  became  anxious  to  make  an 
establishment  on  its  banks,  by 
which  he  could  communicate 
v/ith  the  sea.  To  reach  that 
river  they  made  hasty  and  long 
marches  by  a  different  route  from 
the  one  by  which  they  had  ad- 
vanced, but  of  which  scarcely  any 
particulars  are  stated. 

The  Portuguese  Gentleman  re- 
lates, that  after  leaving  Autiam- 
que, they  proceeded  to  the  pro- 
vince of  Ayas  (Yawyes  or  Eyeish 
Indians),  where  they  found  a  town 
upon  that  river  (Red  river)  which 
passes  by  Cayas  and  Autiamque. 
To  cross  the  river  they  had  to 
build  a  boat,  and  after  three  or 
four  days'  marching  in  a  very  wet 
country,  they  came  to  the  town 
of  Tultelpina,  where  there  was 
a  river  and  a  lake  which  dis- 
charged itself  impetuously  into 
the  river.  This  is  precisely  the 
character  of  the  numerous  lakes 
along  the  course  of  Red  River. 
We  have  no  clue  given  us,  to 
ascertain  whether  they  had  got 


MOXETTF. 

wilderness  country  they  reached 
the  chief  town  of  the  Tula  tribe, 
situated  between  two  streams, 
probably  the  UjDper  Ouachita  and 
Little  Missouri.  .  .  .  They  were 
obliged  to  remain  here  twenty 
days.  .  .  .  Having  heard  of  the 
country  of  Autiamque  or  Utian- 
gue  toward  the  north  or  north- 
west, the  march  was  next  thither. 
The  distance  was  about  two  hun- 
dred and  thirty  or  forty  miles  by 
the  route  marched  over,  ''five 
days  of  their  journey  was  over 
a  rough,  mountainous  country, 
closely  wooded."  At  length 
they  reached  the  chief  town  of 
Utiangue.  .  .  .  The  town  "■  con- 
tained numerous  well  -  built 
houses,  and  w^as  situated  in  a 
fine  plain,  watered  by  a  wide 
running  river,  the  same  that 
passed  through  the  province  of 
Cayas."  This  ''  wide  running 
river"  was  doubtless  the  Arkan- 
sas, the  same  river  crossed  by 
them  in  their  march  southward 
three  months  before,  and  the 
portion  of  the  river  upon  which 
this  village  was  situated  most 
likely  was  not  more  than  fifty 
miles  below  Crawford  court- 
house, in  the  state  of  Arkan- 
sas. .  .  .  The  winter  had  already 
set  in  with  great  severity. 

The  expedition  was  now  on 
the  north  side  of  the  Arkansas 
river,  not  far  from  the  western 
boundary  of  the  present  State  of 
Arkansas,  in  latitude  about  36° 
north.  .  .  .  De  Soto  determined 
to  take  up  his  winter  quarters. .  . 
(a.d.  1542.)  As  soon  ...  as  the 
winter  Avas  sufiiciently  over,  he 
broke  up  his  winter  quarters  at 
Utiangue,  and  marched  toward 
the  Mississippi.  After  several 
days'  march  along  the  river  on 
the  south  side,  they  halted  ten 


Iviii 


INTRODUCTION. 


M'CULLOH. 

entangled  between  some  of  the 
numerous  lakes  that  clischari^e 
themselves  into  Red  river,  or 
whctlier  it  may  not  have  been 
some  lake  on  the  Wachita  river. 
But  they  crossed  the  lake  'svith 
considerable  difficulty  on  rafts 
and  floats,  and  then  marched  in 
three  days'  time  to  Tianto,  a  fron- 
tier town  of  the  province  of  Nilco 
or  Anilco.  Herrera,  vi,  5,  says, 
from  hence  they  marched  thirty 
leagues  through  that  province  to 
the  chief  village  of  the  cacique, 
which  stood  upon  the  bank  of  a 
river  as  large  as  that  of  Seville. 
They  crossed  this  river,  and 
marching  through  a  woody  desert 
came  into  the  province  of  Guach- 
oya,  and  then  to  the  capital 
thereof,  seated  on  the  hillocks 
by  the  side  of  the  Great  river. 

Of  the  places  last  mentioned, 
Tianto  and  the  river  of  Nilco,  we 
can  find  nothing  spionymous  in 
the  Indian  names  as  laid  down 
in  our  maps  ;  but  taking  every- 
thing into  consideration,  both  as 
respects  the  past  events  of  their 
journey,  and  those  that  presently 
are  to  be  related,  I  presume  the 
river  of  Nilco  was  the  Arkansaw. 
The  Portuguese  Gentleman  in- 
deed says  that  it  was  the  same 
river  that  ran  by  Cayas  and  Au- 
tiamque,  which  we  have  hitherto 
considered  to  have  been  Red 
river,  and  Mith  which  Nilco  would 
agree  as  avcII  as  with  the  Arkan- 
saw, was  not  the  supposition 
opposed  by  the  length  of  their 
voyage  down  the  Mississippi  to 
the  ocean.  Now,  as  I  think,  it 
will  be  impossible  to  reconcile 
their  voyage  down  that  river,  with 
a  position  near  the  mouth  of  Red 
river,  it  will  follow  conclusively, 
that  they  debarked  above  the 
Arkansaw.   for   it    is  impossible 


MONETTE. 

days  at  an  Indian  town  until 
they  built  boats  and  crossed  the 
whole  army  over  to  the  north 
or  east  side.  This  probably  he 
did  to  reach  the  MississijDpi, 
near  the  point  where  he  had  left 
it.  Their  advance  thence  was 
"■  through  a  low  region  and 
perplexed  with  swamps".  ...  At 
length,  after  several  days'  march, 
they  came  to  the  village  of 
Anilco,  situated  on  ''  the  same 
river  that  passed  through  the 
pro\inces  of  Cayas  and  Utian- 
gue".  There  learning  that  there 
was  a  populous  and  fertile  coun- 
try not  far  below  the  junction 
of  these  two  great  rivers,  he 
determined  to  proceed  toward 
it,  in  hopes  the  sea  might  be 
at  no  great  distance.  He  ac- 
cordingly crossed  the  river  at 
Anilco  to  the  south  side,  and 
after  a  march  of  four  daj's  over 
a  hilly  uninhabited  country,  ar- 
rived at  the  village  of  Guachoya, 
on  the  Mississippi,  about  twenty 
miles  below  the  mouth  of  the 
Arkansas.  It  was  situated  on 
two  hills,  one  or  two  hundred 
yards  from  the  river,  and  con- 
tained about  three  hundred 
houses.  .  .  .  De  Soto  .  .  .  sent  an 
exploring  party  down  the  river 
to  seek  tidings  of  the  sea  ;  but 
after  eight  days'  absence,  they 
returned,  having  advanced  only 
forty-five  miles,  "^  on  account  of 
the  great  windings  of  the  river, 
and  the  swamps  and  torrents 
with  which  it  was  bordered". 
Thus  it  seems  the  river  was  full, 
and  many  sluices  were  putting 
out  into  the  swamps  and  filling 
the  bayous.  It  was  now  about 
the  last  of  May  1542.  {Death  of 
De  Snfo.)  He  expired  .  .  .  about 
the  5th  of  June.  Luis  de  Mos- 
coso    havins:    succeeded    to    the 


INTRODUCTION. 


lix 


M^CULLOH. 

that  any  other  river  can  divide 
the  question  of  locality  with  the 
two  we  have  mentioned. 

Garcilazo  {Exped.  of  Soto,  \\, 
221)  says,  that  Guachoya  was 
situated  seven  leagues  from  the 
mouth  of  Nilco  river.  That  it 
was  above,  or  north  of  this  river, 
is  evident  from  Herrera,  vi,  7, 
who  describes  the  canoes  of  a 
military  expedition  to  have  '^  went 
down"  the  great  river  (Missis- 
sippi), and  up  Nilco  river,  to  the 
town  of  that  name,  a  distance  in 
all  of  about  twenty  leagues. 

At  Guachoya,  Soto,  the  com- 
mander of  these  villainous  ban- 
ditti, died,  and  his  body  was  sunk 
in  the  Mississippi,  where  they 
say  the  water  was  nineteen  fa- 
thoms deep — if  Herrera' s  Spanish 
measures  be  translated  correctly, 
which  I  verj'  much  doubt.  I  pre- 
sume the  Spanish  word  used  by 
Herrera,  is  vara,  which  is  but 
thirty-three  inches  of  our  mea- 
sure. 

After  Soto's  death,  his  fol- 
lowers made  a  fruitless  attempt 
to  march  to  Mexico  by  land. 
They  assert,  they  went  about  one 
hundred  and  fifty  leagues  to  the 
westward,  and  got  in  sight  of 
vast  mountains,  but  from  the  de- 
sert state  of  the  country,  and  its 
unpromising  appearance,  they 
again  returned  to  the  Great  river. 
Here  they  commenced  building 
their  brigantines,  in  the  province 
of  Aminoya  or  Minoya,  which 
they  state  was  about  seventeen 
leagues  above  Guachoya. 

We  have  no  means  whereby 
we  can  ascertain  how  far  west 
they  marched  on  this  expedition. 
The  mountains  they  mention  may 
have  been  some  of  the  spurs  of 
the  Rocky  mountains,  though  we 
can  hardly  think  they  had  reached 


MONETTE. 

command  of  the  remnant  of  De 
Soto's  army  .  .  .  abandoned  the 
plan  of  De  Soto  of  descending 
the  river  to  the  sea,  and  deter- 
mined to  reach  Mexico  by  land. 
The  expedition  accordingly  set 
out  for  the  west  about  the  mid- 
dle of  June.  They  passed  near 
the  salines  of  the  Wachita  river. 
.  .  .  Leaving  this  region,  they 
passed  through  the  country  of 
the  Naguatax,  now  written  Nat- 
chitoches, and  which  appears  to 
have  been  high  up  Red  river,  in 
the  south-west  corner  of  the 
State  of  Arkansas.  At  length, 
after  nearly  three  months,  they 
came  upon  Red  river,  in  the 
barrens  north  of  the  present 
country  of  Texas.  .  .  .  Continu- 
ing the  march  south  of  De  Soto's 
route,  they  passed  through  a 
country  abounding  in  buffaloes  ; 
beyond  which,  they  passed  a 
sterile  region,  and  came  in  sight 
of  mountains,  where  the  country 
was  almost  uninhabited.  Here 
they  halted,  and  sent  light  ex- 
ploring parties,  who  penetrated 
in  every  direction  nearly  ninety 
miles  further,  and  returned  with 
information  that  the  country 
grew  worse  as  they  advanced. 
In  this  region  the  natives  lived 
in  camps.  .  .  .  These  were  evi- 
dently the  early  ancestors  of  the 
Pawnees,  Camanchees,  and  other 
roving  tribes  of  the  west.  It 
was  now  late  in  October,  and 
they  had  been  nearly  five  months 
making  their  way  across  from 
the  Mississippi,  and  had  tra- 
versed regions  which  are  un- 
known. ...  It  was  determined 
at  length  to  return,  and  retrace 
their  steps  to  the  Mississippi. 
.  .  .  They  returned  by  forced 
marches.  .  . .  Before  they  reached 
the  vicinity  of  the  Arkansas,- the 


Ix 


INTRODUCTION 


M'CULLOH. 

that  chain.  Minoya,  or  Aminoya, 
I  have  been  unable  to  detect  in 
any  Indian  name  in  this  part  of 
America.  There  was  an  Indian 
nation  called  Tamaoas,  a  little 
above  where  we  have  located 
Aminoya,  and  it  is  not  impossi- 
ble the  Spaniards  may  have  cor- 
rupted that  appellation.  The 
Tamaoas,  who  were  of  the  Illi- 
nois stock,  lived  in  the  time  of 
the  Chevalier  Tonti  (a.d.  1679), 
about  one  hundred  and  forty 
years  after  Soto,  on  the  Missis- 
sippi, about  ten  leagues  below 
the  mouth  of  the  Missouri  river. 
This  will  place  them  pretty  close 
to  where  we  have  supposed  Ami- 
noya to  have  been.  (To?iti  in 
Trans.  N.  Y.  Hist.  Soc.  ii,  264.) 
At  any  rate,  Aminoya  was,  ac- 
cording to  H  err  era,  seventeen 
leagues  above  Guachoya.  The 
Portuguese  gentleman  says,  they 
were  two  days  march  distant. 
That  a  plausible  locality  may  be 
assigned  for  this  place,  we  have 
ventured  to  select  the  neighbour- 
hood of  the  town  of  Helena, 
about  thirty-five  miles  above  the 
mouth  of  the  Arkansas  river. 

At  Aminoya,  they  built  seven 
brigantines ;  and  having  em- 
barked, they  descended  the  Mis- 
sissippi to  the  ocean. 

The  only  method  by  which  we 
can  plausibly  determine,  whether 
Aminoya  was  near  the  mouth  of 
the  Arkansas,  or  Red  river,  will 
1)0  to  ascertain,  as  near  as  pos- 
sible, the  number  of  days  they 
were  actually  employed  in  de- 
scending the  Mississippi.  For 
as  we  know  the  velocity  of  the 
current,  we  may  ascertain  with 
tolerable  exactness  the  number 
of  miles  per  day  they  would  be 
carried  down  by  the  mere  force 
of  the  stream,  and  thus  learn  the 


MONETTE. 

winter  had  set  in.  .  .  .At  length 
they  reached  the  Mississippi,  not 
far  from  the  mouth  of  the  Ar- 
kansas. .  .  They  determined  to 
winter  here,  and  make  prepara- 
tion to  descend  the  Mississippi 
to  the  sea,  in  order  to  reach 
Mexico  or  some  of  the  West 
India  islands.  Here  they  took 
possession  of  an  Indian  fortified 
town.  .  .  .  Moscoso  and  his  com- 
panions embarked,  and  commit- 
ted themselves  to  the  Mississippi 
on  the  2nd  of  July  1543.  .  .  . 
At  the  end  of  twenty  days  from 
their  embarkation  on  the  river, 
they  arrived  in  sight  of  the  open 
sea ;  and  after  coasting  westward 
for  fifty  days,  they  arrived  at  the 
town  of  Panuco,  on  the  coast 
of  Mexico.  .  .  .  They  remained 
twenty-five  days  at  Panuco.  .  .  . 
The  viceroy  sent  for  them  to 
Mexico,  where  they  were  treated 
with  great  kindness  and  attention 
by  the  people  ;  yet  they  became 
morose,  despondent;  and  as  disap- 
pointed men  do,  they  entertained 
much  ill  will,  and  mostly  entered 
the  armies  of  Mexico  and  Peru, 
hoping  there  to  retrieve  their 
fortunes." 


INTRODUCTION. 


Ixi 


m'culloh. 
minimum  distance  they  would 
descend  in  any  certain  number 
of  days.  We  should  then,  if  it 
be  possible,  add  to  the  simple 
force  of  the  stream,  an  additional 
velocity  from  the  use  of  oars  and 
sails ;  but  for  this  we  can  have 
no  data,  though  we  must  bear  the 
fact  in  mind. 

The  Portuguese  gentleman 
says,  the  voyage  lasted  seventeen 
days,  and  he  estimates  its  length 
to  have  been  about  two  hundred 
and  fifty  leagues. 

Garcilazo  relates,  the  voyage 
continued  during  nineteen  days 
and  twenty  nights,  and  that  they 
sailed  during  that  time  about 
five  hundred  leagues. 

As  the  number  of  leagues 
stated  in  either  relation  was  avow- 
edly guess  work,  no  reliance  need 
be  given  them ;  and  the  differ- 
ence in  the  number  of  days  may 
be  explained,  by  considering  the 
Portuguese  not  to  have  counted 
the  three  days  that  they  stopped 
to  refresh  themselves  a  little 
above  the  mouth  of  the  Missis- 
sippi before  they  went  to  sea, 
while  Garcilazo  counts  the  time 
to  the  very  ocean.  We  shall, 
however,  take  the  account  of  the 
Portuguese  gentleman,  and  after 
ascertaining,  as  carefully  as  we 
can,  all  the  various  delays  and 
stoppages  that  occurred  during 
the  voyage,  then  make  a  fair 
estimate  of  the  time  during  which 
they  actually  made  progress. 

HOURS 

They  left  Aminoya,  2  July, 
A.D.  1543,  but  according  to 
the  new  style  to  which  this 
time  must  be  reduced,  on 
the  14th  July;  and  de- 
scended as  far  as  Guachoya, 
where  they  stopped  several 
hours,  but  did  not  land  : 
.suppose  the  detention  was     6 


Ixii 


INTRODUCTIO-N 


M'CULLOH.  itouits 

The  next  day  tlicy  landed  at 
a  wood,  but  at  night  they 
went  aboard  their  vessels  : 
probable  sto2)page    .     .     .12 

They  once  more  landed  at  a 
town,  where  a  j^arty  of  horse 
were  put  on  shore,  who 
plundered  a  village  :   say  .    1 2 

They  moreover  tarried  here 
a  day  to  embark  their 
plunder 24 

After  this  they  embarked  and 
fell  down  the  stream  to  a 
town  on  the  river  side, 
where  they  landed  and 
burnt  the  village 

Their  whole  force  (about  300 
men)  appear  to  have  been 
landed  and  drawn  up  in 
battle  array  :  we  suppose 
the  detention  was     ...   24 

The  next  detention  appears 
to  have  been  from  a  battle 
on  the  river  with  the  In- 
dians, during  which  time 
they  were  either  at  anchor 
or  made  very  little  pro- 
gress :   say 0 

They  now  speak  of  frequent 
detentions  they  had  expe- 
rienced on  account  of  the 
boats  that  carried  their 
horses;  and  to  avoid  this 
delay  for  the  future,  they 
landed  and  killed  them, 
intending  to  dry  their  flesh 
for  jorovisions  ;  but  the  In- 
dians making  a  formidable 
attack  at  this  time,  the 
Spaniards  fled  to  the  brig- 
antines.  We  suppose  the 
whole  of  the  detentions 
they  complain  of,  as  well  as 
this  particular  landing,  may 
be 48 

After  this  time,  no  other  cir- 
cumstances are  related 
Avhereby  we  could  estimate 
any  other  detention. 


INTRODUCTION. 


Ixiii 


M'CULLOH. 

According  to  our  estimate, 
they  were  delayed  on  their  voyage 
five  days  and  a  half ;  which,  how- 
ever, we  think  may  be  safely 
called  six  entire  days ;  which, 
deducted  from  seventeen,  leaves 
eleven  days  for  the  actual  voyage. 

The  current  of  the  Mississippi 
at  this  time  of  the  year  (July) 
maybe  stated  at  about  three  miles 
per  hour. 

Having  thus  settled  our  data, 
we  now  proceed  to  observe,  that 
if  Aminoya  had  been  at  the 
mouth  of  Red  river,  their  voy- 
age thence  to  the  ocean  would 
have  been  about  three  hundred 
and  fifty  miles,  which  for  eleven 
days'  progress  will  average  but 
about  thirty-two  miles  per  day, 
or  about  one  and  a  quarter  miles 
per  hour  under  the  united  impe- 
tus of  sails,  oars,  and  the  steady 
current  of  the  Mississippi.  As 
we  have  every  reason  to  think 
a  log  would  be  floated  down 
with  twice  the  velocity,  it  seems 
to  follow  conclusively,  that  Ami- 
noya could  not  have  been  at  the 
mouth  of  Red  river. 

The  Arkansaw  falls  into  the 
Mississippi  about  seven  hundred 
and  twenty  miles  above  its  mouth, 
which  will  allow  them  to  have 
descended  the  stream  at  the  rate 
of  sixty-five  miles  a  day,  or  about 
two  and  three-quarter  miles  per 
hour  during  the  twenty-four 
hours,  which  is  about  a  fair  al- 
lowance, as  they  did  not  continue 
under  way  during  the  whole 
night,  except  at  particular  times. 

They  also  used  their  oars  on 
certain  occasions  with  all  the 
strength  they  could  apply  to  them, 
and  their  sails,  when  the  wind 
served  ;  but  we  know  not  how  to 
estimate  the  additional  velocity 
thus  acquired.    It  probably,  dur- 


Ixiv 


INTRODUCTION. 


m'culloh. 

ing  their  voyafTjc,  would  not  com- 
pensate for  tlic  time  tlicy  lost, 
by  stopping  for  five  or  six  hours 
during  the  nights  they  were  on 
the  river,  when  not  pursued  by 
the  Indians  in  their  canoes. 

But  if  it  be  still  thought  that 
they  ought  to  have  descended  the 
Mississippi  at  a  greater  rate  than 
sixty-five  miles  per  day,  we  can 
only  support  our  conjecture  by 
this  su2')position,  that  they  either 
stopped,  or  were  detained  a  longer 
time  than  we  have  allowed,  or 
that  they  have  omitted  other  de- 
lays in  the  descriptions  they  have 
given  us.  But,  ccBteris  paribus, 
the  difficulty  will  be  two-fold,  to 
reconcile  their  voyage  to  have 
been  from  Red  river ;  and  thus 
being  negatively  established,  it 
will  follow,  that  Aminoya  must 
have  been  just  above  the  Arkan- 
saw;  for  I  think  it  impossible 
that  any  other  river  can  be  brought 
within  the  bounds  of  their  expe- 
dition on  the  land. 

Since  writing  the  above,  I  feel 
satisfied,  from  the  following  au- 
thority, that  their  actual  progress 
down  the  Mississippi,  according 
to  our  estimate,  confirms  the 
position  of  Aminoya  to  have  been 
above  the  Arkansaw  :  —  ''The 
general  current  of  the  Mississippi 
{^Stoddart,  Sketches  of  Louisiana, 
371)  is  from  three  and  a  half  to 
four  miles  an  hour.  In  low 
water,  a  boat  will  float  down  at 
the  rate  of  from  forty-five  to  fifty 
miles  in  twenty  four  hours  ;  in 
high  water,  from  ninety  to  a  hun- 
dred ;  and  at  a  mean  height,  from 
sixty  to  seventy  miles.  Between 
the  Arkansaw  and  the  Delta, 
the  velocity  of  the  current  is 
l-3rd  less  ;  and  from  the  Delta  to 
the  outlet,  by  nearly  one-half." 


INTRODUCTION.  IxV 

From  these  accounts,  drawn  up  by  two  of  the  most 
pams-taking  investigators  of  the  subject,  it  will  be 
seen  how  difficult  it  is  to  trace,  with  any  appearance 
of  precision,  the  route  of  the  expedition  west  of  the 
Mississippi ;  but  there  can  be  no  doubt  that  the  Spa- 
niards must  have  penetrated  to  a  considerable  distance 
into  the  interior. 

The  character  of  De  Soto,  as  developed  in  liis  posi- 
tion of  leader  of  this  remarkable  expedition,  presents 
us  with  an  amount  of  hardihood  and  courageous  per- 
severance under  the  most  fearful  trials,  unsurpassed 
perhaps  even  by  Pizarro  or  Cortes.  At  the  same 
time  we  have  to  deplore,  that  in  his  case,  as  in  that 
of  most  of  the  adventurers  of  the  period,  his  daring 
was  equalled  by  his  cruelty.  The  couplet  of  Gay, 
which  is  verified  we  should  hope  in  the  majority  of 
instances,  that — 

Cowards  are  cruel,  but  the  brave 
Love  mercy  and  delight  to  save — 

seems  here  to  receive  a  complete  disproval. 

Upon  the  reckless  inhumanity  of  De  Soto,  and  of 
Moscoso  his  successor,  Bartolome  de  las  Casas,  the 
celebrated  "  Protector  of  the  Indians",  writes  in  the 
following  emphatic  language: — "The  fourth  tyrant 
p.  6.,  Soto]  that  came  last  in  the  yere  1538,  cun- 
ningly advised,  and  beeing  fully  furnished :  it  is 
three  yeeres  since  there  is  no  tidinges  concerning 
him.  Wee  are  certaine  that  incontinent  [immedi- 
ately] after  his  entrie  thither,  hee  hath  behaved 
himself  cruelly,  and  since  hath  beene  as  a  man  van- 
ished :  that  if  he  be  alive,  hee  and  his  mainies  have 


Ixvi  INTRODUCTION. 

destroyed  these  three  yeeres  a  great  many  mightie 
peoples,  if  hee  hath  found  any  in  his  enquest  as  hee 
hath  gone  ; — for  sure  he  is  one  of  the  notoriousest  and 
best  experimented  amongest  them  that  have  done  the 
most  hurtes,  miscliieves  and  destructions  in  many 
realmes  with  their  consorts  (^'porq  es  de  los  marcados  y 
experimentados^  &  de  los  que  mas  dahos  y  males  y  destruy- 
clones  de  muchas  frovincias  y  reynos  con  otros  siis  com- 
paneros  a  hecho') :  wherefore  I  beleeve  that  God  hath 
given  him  like  end  unto  the  others." 

"  Three  or  foure  yeeres  after  the  writing  of  the 
above  written,  there  came  out  of  the  Florida  the  head 
of  the  pette  tyrants  [i.e.^  Moscoso]  which  went  thither 
with  this  captaine  tyrant  ("  tirano  mayor'')  that  there 
left  his  bones,  of  whome  wee  understood  the  cruelties 
and  evilles  whiche  there  during  his  Hfe-time  princi- 
pailly,  and  under  his  conduct  and  government,  and 
since  after  his  cursed  death,  the  unnaturall  men  have 
executed  against  the  Indians  innocent,  and  harmeful 
to  none,  to  veriiie  that  which  I  had  prognosticate 
before,  they  being  so  excessive,  that  they  have  the 
more  confirmed  the  rule  by  mee  set  downe  before  at 
the  beginning,  that  the  farther  they  proceeded  to 
discover,  destroy  and  to  waste  countries  and  lands, 
the  more  cruelties  and  notorious  wickednesses  they 
woulde  doe  against  God,  and  against  their  neigh- 
bours. It  loatheth  mee  to  recount  those  actes  so 
cursed,  ghastly  and  bloodie, —  not  of  men  but  of 
savage  beastes,"  etc.  etc.  {The  Bpanish  Colonie,  or 
hriefe  chronicle  of  the  acts  and  gestes  of  the  Bpaniardes 
in  the   West-Indies — [translated  from  the  Brevissima 


INTRODUCTION.  Ixvii 

relaeion  de  la  destruyeion  de  las  Indias^  1552].    4to., 
London;   1583.) 

The  editor,  in  conclusion,  has  to  acknowledge  his 
obligations  to  Richard  Henry  Major,  Esq.,  the  zealous 
and  able  Secretary  of  the  Hakluyt  Society,  for  much 
assistance  kindly  and  voluntarily  rendered,  particu- 
larly in  that  the  most  difficult  part  of  his  task — the 
route  of  the  Spaniards. 


THE 

WORTH YE 

AND    FAMOYS    HIS- 

TORY   OF    THE    TRAVAILES, 

Discoueiy,  &  Conquest,  of  that  great 

Continent  of   Terra  Florida,  being  liuely 
Paraleld,  with  that  of  our  noAV  Inha- 
bited   VIRGINIA. 

» 

As  also 

The  Comoclities  of  the  said    Country, 

With   diuers   excellent   and  rich   Mynes,  of   Golde, 

Siluer,  and  other  Mettals,  &c.  which  cannot  but 

giue  vs  a  great  and  exceeding  hope  of  our 

VIRGINIA,   being   so   neere 

of  one    Continent. 

Accomplished  and  effected,  by  that  worthy 

Generall  and  Captaine,  Do7i  Ferdinando 

de  Soto,  and  six  hundreth  Spaniards 

his    followers. 


^Mii^S^^ 


LONDON 

Printed  for  Mathew  Lownes,  dwelling 

in  Paules  Church-yard,  at  the  Signe  of 
the  Bishops  head.     1611. 


THE    EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE. 


TO    THE    RIGHT    HONOURABLE,     THE    RIGHT 

Worshipfull    Counsellors,    and    others    the    cheerfull 

adventurors,  for  the  advancement  of  that  Christian 

and  noble  Plantation  in  Virginia. 

THIS  worhe,  right  honourable,  right  loorshipfnll,  and  the 
rest,  though  small  in  shew  yet  great  in  substance,  doth  yeeld 
much  light  to  our  enterprise  now  on  foot ;  whether  you  desire 
to  hnoio  the  present  and  future  commodities  of  our  cotmtrie  ; 
or  the  qualities  and  co7iditions  of  the  inhabitants,  or  ivhat 
course  is  best  to  be  taken  with  them. 

Touching  the  commodities,  besides  the  generall  report  of 
Cabe^a  de  Vaca^  to  Charles  the  Emperour  ( who  first  travelled 
through  a  great  part  of  the  Inlcmcl  of  Florida,  next  adjoining 
upon  our  Virginia)  That  Florida  was  the  richest  countrie  of 
the  world ;  and,  that  after  hee  had  found  clothes  made  of 
cotton  wooU,  he  saw  gold  and  silver,  and  stones  of  great 
value  :  I  refer  re  you  first  to  the  rich  mines  of  gold  reported  cimp.  35. 
to  be  in  the  province  of  Yupaha,  and  described  in  the  twelfth 
chaptter  of  this  Treatise  to  come  icithin  our  limits.  And 
againe,  to  the  copper  hatchets  found  in  Cutifachiqui,  standing 
upon  the  River  of  Santa  Helena,  which  were  said  to  have  a 
mixture  of  gold.     It  seemeth  also  that  the  last  chronicler  of 

'  See  also  chap.  ii. 

B 


THE    EPISTLE 


the  JVest  Indies,  Antonio  de  Herrcra,  speahing  of  the  foresaid 
lliver  of  Santa  Helena,  icliich  standeth  in  32  degrees  and 
an  halfe,  alhideth  to  the  province  of  Yupaha,  in  these  icords  : 

^cirniV*^  Ycl  oro,  y  plata,  que  hallaron,  no  era  de  aquella  tierra,  sino 
dc  60  leguas,  a  dcntro  al  nortc,  de  los  pueblos  dichos  Ota- 
pales  J  Olagatanos,  adonde  so  intiende,  que  ay  minas  de  oro, 
plata,  y  cobre.  That  is  to  sag,  that  the  gold  and  silver  tohich 
they  found,  was  not  of  that  coimtrie  {of  Santa  Helena),  hut 
60  leagues  distant  towards  the  north,  of  the  townes  called 
Otapales  and  Olagatanos,  tvhere  we  understand  that  there 
are  mines  of  gold,  silver,  and  copper.  By  which  reckoning 
these  rich  mines  are  in  the  latitude  of  35  degrees  and  afi 
hcdfe.    I  desire  you  likewise  to  take  knoidedge  of  the  famous 

ciinp.  15.  golden  province  of  Chisca,  stretching  further  to  the  north, 
xohereof  the  cacique  of  Coste  gave  notice  to  Ferdinando  de 
Soto,  in  the  towne  o/Cliiaha,  affirming,  that  there  were  mines 
of  copper,  and  of  another  mettall  of  the  same  colour,  save 
that  it  teas  finer,  and  of  a  farre  more  perfect  lustre,  and 
farre  better  in  sight,  and  that  they  used  it  not  so  much, 
because  it  teas  softer.  A?id  the  selfe  same  thing  was  before 
told  the  governour  in  Cutifacliiqui :  who  sent  two  Cliristians 
from  Chiaha,  with  certaine  Indians  which  knew  the  countrie 
of  Cbisca,  and  the  language  thereof,  to  vieio  it,  and  to  make 

Chap.  23.  report  of  that  which  they  shoidd finde.  We  likeioise  reade 
not  long  after,  that  the  governour  set  forward  to  seeke  a  pro- 
vince called  Pacaha,  ivhich  hee  was  informed  to  he  neere 
unto  Chisca,  where  the  Indians  told  him  that  there  was  gold. 

ci.ap.  24.  ^^^  in  another  place  hee  saith  :  That  from  Pacaha  hee  sent 
thirtie  horsemen  and  fif tie  footmen  to  the  province  o/Caluca, 
to  see  if  from  thence  he  might  travell  to  Chisca,  where  the 
Indians  said,  there  was  a  worke  of  gold  and  copper.  So  that 
here  is  foure  times  mention,  and  that  in  sundrie  places,  of 
the  rich  and  famous  golde  mines  of  Chisca,  and  that  they  lie 
beyond  the  mountaines  towards  the  7iorth,  over  which  they 
were  not  able  to  travell  for  the  roughness  thereof.     But  what 


DEDICATORIE.  3 

neede  I  to  stand  upon  forren  testimonies^  since  Master  Thomas 
Heriot/  a  man  of  much  judgement  in  these  causes,  signified 
unto  you  all,  at  your  late  solemne  meeting  at  the  house  of  the 
right  honourable  the  Earle  of  Exeter^'  hoio  to  the  southivest 
of  our  old  fort  in  Virginia,  the  Indiayis  often  informed  him, 
that  there  was  a  great  melting  of  red  mettall,  reporting  the 
mariner  in  ivorking  of  the  same.     Besides,  our  oivne  Indians 

1  Thomas  Hariot,  or  Harriot,  the  emmeiit  mathematician  and  astro- 
nomer ;  born  1560,  died  1621.  He  was  mathematical  tutor  to  Sir 
Walter  Raleigh  ;  and  in  1585  accompanied  the  first  party  of  colo- 
nists to  Virginia.  Here  he  was  "imployed  in  the  discovery  and  sur- 
veying thereof,  and  in  making  what  knowledge  he  could  of  the  commo- 
dities it  yielded,  and  concerning  the  inhabitants,  and  their  manners  and 
customs."  Three  years  later,  he  published  the  result  of  his  labours  in  a 
small  quarto  volume,  bearing  the  following  title  :  "  A  briefe  and  true 
Report  of  the  new  found  land  of  Virginia  .  .  .  discovered  by  the  English 
colony  there  seated  by  Sii*  Richard  Greinuile,  knight,  in  the  yeere  1585, 
which  remained  under  the  government  of  Rafe  Lane,  Esquier,  one  of  her 
maiesties  equieres,  during  the  space  of  twelve  monethes,  at  the  speciall 
charge  and  direction  of  the  Honourable  Sir*  Walter  Raleigh.  By  Thomas 
Hariot,  servant  to  the  above  named  Sir  Walter,  a  member  of  the  colony, 
and  there  imployed  in  discovering."  This  account  was  republished  in 
1590,  in  folio,  by  the  celebrated  Frankfort  engraver,  Theodor  de  Bry, 
who  added,  as  he  says  in  his  Dedication  to  Sir  Walter,  "figures,  cott  in 
copper,  which  doe  leuelye  represent  the  forme  and  maner  of  the  inha- 
bitants of  the  same  countrye,  Avith  theirs  ceremonies,  soUemne  feastes, 
and  the  manner  and  situation  of  their  townes  or  villages."  Hakluyt,  it 
seems,  was  the  first  to  encourage  him  to  publish  the  work,  and  he 
also  supplied  him  with  the  descriptions  to  accompany  his  plates.  In 
his  preface  to  the  "  gentle  reader",  De  Bry  says  :  "  consideringe  therefore 
that  yt  v/as  a  thinge  worthie  of  admiration,  I  was  verye  willinge  to  ofier 
vnto  you  the  true  pictures  of  those  people  wich  by  the  helf  of  Maister 
Richard  Hakluyt  of  Oxford,  minister  of  God's  word,  who  first  incouraged 
me  to  publish  the  worke,  I  creaued  out  of  the  verye  original  of  Maister 
Jhon  White,  an  Englisch  paynter,  who  was  sent  into  the  contrye  by  the 
queenes  maiestye,  onlye  to  draw  the  description  of  the  place,  lyuelye  to 
describe  the  shapes  of  the  inhabitants,  their  apparell,  manners  of  liuingeand 
fashions,  att  the  speciall  charges  of  the  worthy  knight  Sir  Walter  Ralegh, 
who  bestowed  no  small  sume  of  monnyo  in  the  serche  and  discouerye  of 
that  countrye  from  te  yeers  1584  to  the  ende  of  the  years  1588." 

2  Thomas  Cecil,  second  Lord  Burleigh,  created  Earl  of  Exeter  in 
1605  ;  died  in  1622. 


^  THE    EPISTLE 

have  lately  revealed  either  this  or  another  rich  mine  of  copper 
or  gold,  in  a  toivne  called  Ritanoe,  7ieere  certaine  mountaines 
lying  west  of  Roanoac. 

Another  very  gainfidl  commoditie  is,  the  huge  quantitie  of 
excellent  perles,  and  little  hahies  and  birds  made  of  them, 
that  10  ere  found  in  Cutifacliiqui.  The  ahundance  whereof  is 
reported  to  he  such,  that  if  they  would  have  searched  divers 
chiip.  14.  graves  in  townes  thereabout,  they  might  have  laded  many  of 
their  horses.  Neither  are  the  Turkic  stones  and  cotton  tvooll 
found  at  Guasco^  to  he  forgotten,  ?ior  passed  over  in  silence. 

But  that,  ivhich  I  make  no  small  account  of,  is,  the  mid- 
titude  of  oxen,  which,  from  the  heginning  of  the  16  to  the 
end  of  the  ^6  chapter,  are  nine  several  times  made  mention 
of ;  and  that  cdong  from  Chialia,  Coste,  Pacalia^  Coligoa,  and 
TuUa,  still  totcard  the  north,  to  wit,  toivard  us,  there  was 
such  store  of  them,  that  they  could  keepe  no  come  for  them  ; 
and  that  the  Indians  lived  upon  their  flesh.  The  haire  of 
these  oxen  is  likeioise  said  to  he  like  a  soft  tvooll,  hetweene  the 
coarse  and  fine  tvooll  of  sheepe  ;  and  that  they  use  them  for 
coverlets,  because  they  are  very  soft  and  woolled  like  sheep  ; 
and  not  so  onely,  but  they  make  bootes,  shooes,  targets,  and 
other  things  necessarie  of  the  same.  Besides  the  foriner 
benefits,  their  young  ones  may  be  framed  to  the  yoke,  for 
carting  and  tillage  of  our  ground.  And  I  am  in  good  hope, 
that  ere  it  be  long  tve  shall  have  notice  of  their  being  neerer 
us,  by  that  tvhich  I  reade  in  the  Italian  relation  of  Cabcya 
de  Vaca/  the  first  finder  of  them ;  which  writeth.  That  they 
spread  themselves  within  the  countrie  above  foure  hundred 
leagues.  Moreover,  Yasques  de  Coronado,  and  long  after 
him,  Antonio  de  Espejo  ftvhose  voiages  arc  at  large  in  my 
third  volume^ J ,  travelled  many  leagues  among  these  heards  of 

^  See  chap,  xxxiv  and  xxxr. 
"  See  Ramusio  Navigationi,  torn.  iii. 

'  The  titles  of  the  works  refeiTed  to  by  Hakluyt  are  as  follows : — 1.  "The 
Relation  of  Francis  Vas(;iucz  de  Coronado,  captaine  generall  of  the  people 


DEDICATUKIE.  5 

oxen^  and  found  them  from  33  degrees  ranging  very  far  re  to 
the  north  and  7iortheast. 

A  fourth  chiefe  commoditie  wee  may  accotmt  to  he  the 
great  number  of  mulherrie  trees,  apt  to  feede  silhe-ioormes  to 
mahe  silke  :  tvhereof  there  was  such  plentie  in  mamj  places, 
that,  though  they  found  some  hempe  in  the  countrie,  the 
Spaniards  made  ropes  of  the  harks  of  them  for  their  hrigan- 
dines,  when  they  were  to  put  to  sea  for  Nova  Hispania.^ 

A  fifth  is  the  excellent  and  perfect  colours,  as  black,  white, 
greene,  yellow,  and  red,  and  the  materials  to  dye  toithall,  so 
often  spoken  of  in  this  discourse :  among  which,  I  have  some 
hope  to  bring  you  to  the  knoivledge  of  the  rich  graine  of 
Cochonillio,  so  much  esteemed,  aiid  of  so  great  price.  I  speake 
nothing  of  the  sever  all  sorts  of  passing  good  grapes  for  wine 
and  raisons. 

Neither  is  it  the  least  benefit,  that  they  found  salt  made  by  chap.sKtsa 
the  Indians  at  Cayas,  and  in  two  places  of  the  provitice  of 
Aguacay :  the  manner  also  hoiv  the  inhabitants  make  it,  is 
very  well  ivorth  the  observation. 

One  of  the  chief  est  of  all  the  rest  may  be  the  notice  of  the  chap.suts^ 
South  Sea,  leading  us  to  Japan  and  China,  tvhich   I  finde 

whicli  were  sent  in  the  name  of  the  emperoiirs  majestie  to  the  countrey 
of  Cibok,  newly  discovered,  which  he  sent  to  Don  Antonio  de  Mendo§a, 
viceroy  of  Mexico,  of  such  things  as  happened  in  his  voyage  from  the  22  of 
Aprill  in  the  yeere  1540,  which  departed  from  Culiacan  forward ;  and  of  such 
things  as  hee  found  in  the  countrey  which  he  passed."  (Vol.  iii,  p.  373.) 
2.  "  A  briefe  relation  of  two  notable  voyages  ;  the  first,  made  by  frier 
Augustin  Ruys,  a  Franciscan,  in  the  yeere  1581  ;  the  second  by  Antonio 
de  Espejo  in  the  yeere  1583  ;  who,  together  with  his  company,  discouered 
a  land  wherein  they  found  fifteene  provinces  all  full  of  townes,  conteining 
houses  of  foure  and  five  stories  high,  which  they  named  New  Mexico  ; 
for  that,  in  many  respects,  it  resembleth  the  province  of  old  Mexico. 
This  land  is  situate  to  the  north  of  Nueva  Espanna,  and  stretcheth  from 
24  to  34  degrees  and  better  ;  by  the  which,  and  by  other  inhabited  lands, 
it  is  thought  that  men  may  travell  even  to  Terra  de  Labrador.  Taken 
out  of  the  history  of  China,  written  by  Frier  Juan  Gonzalez  de  Mendoca, 
and  printed  in  Madrid,  1586."  (Vol.  iii,  p.  383.) 
'  Kew  Spain  or  Mexico. 


6  THE    EPISTLE 

here  twice  to  he  spoken  of.  Whereof  long  since  I  have 
written  a  discourse,  which  I  thinke  not  fit  to  he  mcide  over 
common. 

For  closing  up  this  point,  the  distances  of  places,  the 
qualities  of  the  soiles,  the  situations  of  the  regions,  the 
diversities  and  goodnesse  of  the  fruits,  the  severall  sorts  of 
heasts,  the  varietie  of  fowles,  the  difference  hetweene  the  inha- 
hitants  of  the  mountaines  and  the  plaines,  and  the  riches  of 
the  inland  in  comparison  of  the  sea-coast,  are  judicially  set 
doivne  in  the  conclusion  of  this  hooke,  whereunto  for  mine 
owne  ease  I  refer  re  you. 

To  come  to  the  second  generall  head,  which  in  the  hegin- 
ning  I  proposed,  concerning  the  manners  and  dispositions  of 
the  inhabitants  ;  among  other  things,  I finde  them  here  noted 
to  he  very  eloquent  and  well  spoken,  as  the  short  orations, 
interpreted  by  John  Ortiz,  which  lived  twelve  yeeres  amoyig 
them,  make  sufficient  p>roofe.  And  the  author,  which  teas  a 
gentleman  of  Eluas,  in  Portugal,  emploied  in  all  the  action, 
whose  name  is  not  set  doivne,  speaking  of  the  cacique  of 
Tulla,  saith,  that  as  ivell  this  cacique,  as  the  others,  and  all 
those  which  came  to  the  Governour  on  their  behalf e,  delivered 
their  message  or  speech  in  so  good  order,  that  no  oratour 
could  utter  the  same  more  eloquently.  But  for  all  their  f aire 
and  cu7ining  speeches,  they  are  not  overmuch  to  he  trusted, 
for  they  he  the  greatest  traitors  of  the  world,  as  their  mani- 
fold most  craftie  contrived  and  bloody  treasons,  here  set 
down  at  large,  doe  evidently  prove.  They  be  also  as  uncon- 
stant  as  the  wethercock,  and  most  readie  to  take  all  occasions 
of  advantages  to  doe  mischief e.  They  are  great  liars  and 
dissemblers ;  for  ivhich  faults  oftentimes  they  had  their 
deserved  paiments.  And  many  times  they  gave  good  testi- 
monie  of  their  great  valour  and  resolution.  To  handle  them 
gently,  while  gentle  courses  may  he  found  to  serve,  it  will  he 
without  comparison  the  best  ;  but  if  gentle  2^olishing  will  not 
serve,  then  ive  shall  not  want  hammcrours  and  rough  masons 


DEDICATORIE.  7 

enow,  I  meane  our  old  soldiours  trained  up  in  the  Nether- 
lands,  to  square  and  prepare  them  to  our  Preachers  hands. 
To  conclude,  I  trust  by  your  Honours  and  Worships  wise 
instructions  to  the  7iohle  governour,  the  tvorthy  experimented 
hieutenant  and  Admirall,  and  other  chief e  managers  of  the 
businesse,  all  things  shall  be  so  prudently  carried,  that  the 
painfull  Preachers  shall  be  reverenced  and  cherished,  the 
valiant  and  forward  soldiour  respected,  the  diligent  rewarded, 
the  cotoard  emboldened,  the  toeake  and  sick  relieved,  the 
mutinous  suppressed,  the  reputation  of  the  Christians  among 
the  salvages  preserved,  our  most  holy  faith  exalted,  all  pagan- 
isme  and  idolatrie  by  little  and  little  utterly  extinguished. 
And  here  reposing  and  resting  myselfe  upon  this  sweete 
hope,  I  cease,  beseeching  the  Almightie  to  blesse  this  good 
work  in  your  hands  to  the  honour  and  glorie  of  his  most  holy 
name,  to  the  inlargement  of  the  dominions  of  his  sacred 
Maiestie,  and  to  the  generall  good  of  all  the  worthie  adven- 
turers and  undertakers.  From  my  lodging  in  the  Colledge  of 
TVestmifister,  this  15  of  Apr  ill,  1609. 

By  one  ptiblicly  and  anciently  devoted  to  God's 

service,  and  all  yours  in  this  so  good  action, 

RICHARD   HAKLUYT. 


A  RELATION  OF  SUCH   THINGS   AS   DON   FER- 

clinando  de  Soto/  the  Adelantado'^  of  Florida,  passed  in 

seeking  to  conquer  the  said  coimtrey,  wherein  is  declared 

who  he  was,  and  what  some  of  them  were  that  went  with 

him  :  and  some  particulars  and  diversities  of  the 

countrie,  and  whatsoever  they  saw  and 

happened  unto  them  in  the  same. 


CHAPTER  I. 

Which  declareth  who  Don  Ferdinando  de  Soto  was,  and  how  he  got  the 
government  of  Florida. 

Captaine  Soto  was  the  son  of  a  squire  of  Xerez  of  Badajos. 
He  went  into  the  Spanish  Indies,  when  Peter  Arias^  of  Avila 
was  governor  of  the  West  Indies.  And  there  he  was  without 
any  thing  else  of  his  owne,  save  his  sword  and  target :  and 
for  his  good  qualities  and  valour,  Peter  Arias  made  him 
captaine  of  a  troope  of  horsemen,  and  by  his  commandement 
hee  went  with  Fernando  Pizarro  to  the  conquest  of  Peru ; 
where  (as  many  persons  of  credit  reported,  which  were  there 

1  The  Portuguese  form  of  this  name  is  Souto. 

-  Bartolome  de  las  Casas,  Bishop  of  Chiapa,  whose  benevolent  exertions 
in  behalf  of  the  natives  of  America  led  to  his  being  honoured  with  the 
distinction  of  "  Protector  General  of  the  Indians",  gives  a  caustic  ety- 
mology of  the  title  of  Adelantado,  so  often  granted  to  the  Spanish  dis- 
coverers— "  Adelantados  porque  se  adelantaron  en  hazer  males  y  danos 
tan  gravisimos  d  gentes  pacificas." — Prescott,  Conq.  of  Mexico,  i,  213. 

^  Or  Pedarias  Davila,  by  which  name  he  is  better  known.  He  was 
sent  by  King  Ferdinand  to  supersede  Balboa,  the  discoverer  of  the 
Pacific,  in  the  government  of  Darien.  This  great  man  at  length  fell  a 
victim  to  the  jealousy  and  implacable  enmity  of  the  cruel  Pedrarias,  by 
whose  orders  he  was  put  to  death  in  1517. — Herrera,  dec.  ii,  lib.  ii. 

c 


10  A    RELATIOX    OF 

present),  as  avcII  at  the  taking  of  Atabalipa,  Lord  of  Peru, 
as  at  the  assault  of  the  citic  of  Cusco,  and  in  all  other  places 
where  they  found  resistance,  wheresover  hee  was  present,  hee 
passed  all  other  captaines  and  principall  persons.^  For  which 
cause,  besides  his  j)art  of  the  treasure  of  Atabalipa,  he  had  a 
good  share ;  whereby  in  time  he  gathered  an  hundred  and 
fourescore  thousand  duckets  together,  with  that  which  fell  to 
his  part,  which  he  brought  into  Spaine;  whereof  the  Empcrour 
borrowed  a  certaine  part,  which  he  rcpaied  againe  with  60,000 
rials  of  plate  in  the  rent  of  the  silkes  of  Granada,  and  all  the 
rest  was  delivered  him  in  the  contractation  house  of  Sivil."  He 
tooke  servants,  to  wit,  a  steward,  a  gentleman  usher,  pages, 
a  gentleman  of  the  horse,  a  chambcrlaine,  lakies,  and  al  other 
officers  that  the  hoiise  of  a  nobleman  reqmreth.  From  Sivil 
hee  went  to  the  court,  and  in  the  court  there  accompanied 
him  John  Danusco  of  Sivil,^  and  Lewis  Moscoso  d'Alvarado, 
Nunno  de  Touar,  and  John  Rodriguez  Lobillo.  Except  John 
Danusco,  all  the  rest  came  with  him  from  Peru  :  and  every 
one  of  them  brought  fourteene  or  fifteene  thousand  duckets ; 
all  of  them  went  well  and  costly  apparrelled.  And  although 
Soto  of  his  owne  nature  was  not  liberall,  yet  because  that  was 
the  first  time  that  hee  was  to  shew  himselfe  in  the  court,  he 
spent  frankly,  and  went  accompanied  with  those  which  I  have 
named,  and  with  his  servants,  and  many  other  wliich  resorted 
imto  him.  Hee  married  with  Donna  Isabella  de  Bovadilla, 
daughter  of  Peter  Arias  Avila,  Earlc  of  Punno  en  Rostro. 
The  Empcrour  made  him  the  Governor  of  the  Isle  of  Cuba, 
and  Adelantado  or  President  of  Florida,  with  a  title  of 
Marques  of  certaine  part  of  the  lands  that  he  should  conquer. 

'  The  reader  is  referred  to  Mr.  Prescott's  delightful  work,  "  The  history 
of  the  Conquest  of  Peru",  for  a  particular  account  of  Soto's  Peruvian 
exploits, 

-  The  Casa  de  Contmtacion,  "House  of  Trade",  or  India  House,  esta- 
blished at  Seville  in  1503. 

^  Juan  de  A  fiasco. 


DON   FEUDINANDO   DP]  SOTO.  11 


CHAPTER  II. 


How  Cahega  de  Vaca  came  to  the  court  and  gave  relation  of  the  cowUrie  of 
Florida :  and  of  the  companie  that  was  assembled  in  Sivil  to  goe  ivitJt 
Don  Ferdinando  de  Soto. 

When  Don  Ferdinando  had  obtamed  the  government, 
there  came  a  gentleman  from  the  Indies  to  the  court,  named 
Cabeca  de  Yaca/  which  had  been  with  the  governor  Pam- 
philo  de  Narvaez,  which  died  in  Florida,  who  reported  that 
Narvaez  was  cast  away  at  sea,  with  all  the  companie  that 
went  with  him.  And  how  he  with  foure  more  escaped  and 
arrived  in  Nueva  Espanna ;'-  and  he  brought  a  relation  in 
writing  of  that  Avhich  hee  had  scene  in  Florida,  Avhich  said 
in  some  places  :  In  such  a  place  I  have  scene  this ;  and  the 
rest  which  here  I  saw,  I  leave  to  conferre  of  betweene  his 
Maiestie  and  myselfe.  Generally  he  reported  the  miserie  of 
the  countrie,  and  the  troubles  which  hee  passed :  and  he  told 
some  of  his  kinsfolke,  which  were  desirous  to  goe  into  the 
Indies,  and  urged  him  very  much  to  tell  them  whether  he 
had  scene  any  rich  country  in  Florida,  that  he  might  not  tell 
them,  because  hee  and  another,  whose  name  was  Orantes^ 
(who  remained  in  Nueva  Espanna,  with  purpose  to  returne 

1  Alvar  Nunez  Cabega  de  Vaca  was  treasurer  to  the  adventurous  but 
ill-fated  expedition  into  Florida,  undertaken  by  Pamphilo  de  Narvaez 
in  1528.  Of  three  hundred  men  who  engaged  in  the  enterprise,  five 
only  returned  :  their  daring  leader — the  same  Narvaez  who  eight  years 
before  had  made  a  vain  attempt  to  arrest  Cortes  in  Mexico — perished 
in  a  storm  near  the  mouths  of  the  Mississippi.  Cabe9a  de  Vaca,  one  of 
the  survivors,  wrote  a  narrative  of  his  ten  years'  wanderings  and  sutrer- 
ings,  which  was  published  in  1555  under  the  title  of  "  Naufragios  de 
Alvar  Nunez  de  Cabe9a  de  Vaca."  "  The  story,"  says  Bancroft,  "  of 
which  the  truth  was  aifirmed  on  oath  before  a  magistrate,  is  disfigured 
by  bold  exaggerations  and  the  wildest  fictions" ;  on  the  other  hand 
M.  Ternaux-Compans,  and  others,  vindicate  its  credibility  and  general 
accuracy.  An  abridged  English  version,  from  the  Italian  in  Ramusio's 
collection,  is  in  Purchas,  vol.  iv,  pp.  1499-1528. 

-  New  Spain  or  Mexico.  "  Dorantes. 


12  A   KELATIOX   OF 

into  Florida ;  for  which  intent  hcc  came  into  Spainc  to  beg 
the  government  thereof  of  the  emperour),  had  sworne  not  to 
discover  some  of  those  things  which  they  had  scene,  because 
no  man  should  prevent  them  in  begging  the  same.  And  hee 
Florida  is    infomicd  thcm,  That  it  teas  the  richest  countrie  of  the  world. 

the  richest  '  «/ 

the  worid.^  Don  Fcrdiuaudo  de  Soto  was  very  desirous  to  have  him  with 
him,  and  made  him  a  favourable  offer :  and  after  they  were 
agreed,  because  Soto  gave  him  not  a  summe  of  money  which 
he  demanded  to  buy  a  ship,  they  broke  off  againe.  Baltasar 
de  Gallegos,  and  Christopher  de  S]3indola,^  the  kinsmen  of 
Cabe9a  de  Vaca,  told  hun,  that  for  that  which  hee  had  im- 
parted to  them,  they  were  resolved  to  passe  with  Soto  into 
Florida,  and  therefore  they  prayed  him  to  advise  them  what 
they  w^ere  best  to  doe.  Cabeca  de  Vaca  told  them,  that  the 
cause  why  he  went  not  with  Soto  was,  because  hee  hoped  to 
beg  another  government,  and  that  hee  was  loth  to  go  under 
the  command  of  another ;  and  that  hee  came  to  beg  the  con- 
quest of  Florida :  but  seeing  Don  Ferdinando  de  Soto  had 
gotten  it  alreadie,  for  his  othes  sake  hee  might  tell  them 
nothing  of  that  which  they  would  know  ;  but  he  counselled 
them  to  sell  their  goods  and  goe  with  him,  and  that  in  so 
doing  they  should  doe  well.  As  soone  as  he  had  opportunitie 
hee  spake  with  the  emperour,  and  related  unto  him  whatso- 
ever hee  had  passed  and  scene,  and  come  to  understand.  Of 
this  relation,  made  by  word  of  mouth  to  the  emperour,  the 
Marques  of  Astorga""  had  notice,  and  forthmth  determined  to 
send  wdth  Don  Ferdinando  de  Soto  his  brother  Don  Antonio 
Osorio ;  and  with  him  two  kinsmen  of  his  prepared  them- 
selves, to  wit,  Francis  Osorio,  and  Garcia  Osorio.  Don 
Antonio  dispossessed  himselfe  of  60,000  rials  of  rent,  which 
hee  held  by  the  Church ;  and  Francis  Osorio  of  a  town  of 
Vassals,  which  he  had  in  the  countrie  de  Campos.  And  they 
made  their  rendezvous  ^4th  the  Adelantado  in  Sivil.     The 

1  Spinola,  a  Genoese. 

^  Pedro  Alvarez  Osorio,  fourtli  Marcjuis  of  Astorga. 


DON   FEUDINAXDO  1)E  SOTO.  lo 

like  did  Funnez  dc  Touar,  and  Lewis  de  Moscoso,  and  John 
Rodriguez  Lobillo,  each,  of  whom  had  brought  from  Peru 
fourteene  or  fifteene  thousand  duckets.  Lewis  de  Moscoso 
carried  with  him  two  brethren  :  there  went  also  Don  Carlos, 
which  had  married  the  Governour's  niece,  and  tooke  her  with 
him.  From  Badajoz  there  went  Peter  Calderan,  and  three 
kinsmen  of  the  Adelantado,  to  wit,  Arias  Tinoco,  Alfonso 
Romo,  and  Diego  Tinoco.  And  as  Lewis  de  Moscoso  passed 
throuo-h  Elvas*  Andrew  de  Vasconcelos  spake  with  him,  and  *  I'l^^s  is  a 

O  ^  i-  '  citie  111  Por- 

requcsted  him  to  speake  to  Don  Ferdinando  de  Soto  concern-  *"Siii- 
ing  him,  and  delivered  him  certaine  warrants  which  he  had 
received  from  the  Marques  of  Villareal,  wherein  he  gave 
him  the  captaineship  of  Ceuta  in  Barbaric,  that  he  might 
shew  them  unto  him.  And  the  Adelantado  saw  them,  and 
was  informed  who  hee  was,  and  wrote  unto  him,  that  hee 
would  favour  him  in  all  things,  and  by  al  meanes,  and  would 
give  him  a  charge  of  men  in  Florida.  And  from  Elvas  went 
Andrew  de  Vasconcelos,  and  Fernan  Pegado,  Antonio  Mar- 
tinez Segurado,  Men  Poiz  Pereira,  John  Cordero,  Stephen 
Pegado,  Benedict  Fernandez,  and  Alvaro  Fernandez.  And 
out  of  Salamanca,  and  Jaen,  and  Valencia,  and  Albuquerque, 
and  from  other  partes  of  Spaine,  many  people  of  noble  birth 
assembled  at  Sivil :  insomuch  that  in  Saint  Lucar  many  men 
of  good  account  which  had  sold  their  goods  remained  behind 
for  want  of  shipping,  wheras  for  other  known  and  rich  coun- 
tries they  are  wont  to  want  men  ;  and  this  fell  out  by  occa- 
sion of  that  which  Cabe^a  de  Vaca  told  the  emperour,  and 
informed  such  persons  as  hee  had  conference  withall  touching 
the  state  of  that  countrie.  Soto  made  him  great  offers ;  and 
being  agreed  to  goe  with  him  (as  I  have  said  before),  because 
he  would  not  give  him  monie  to  pay  for  a  ship,  which  he  had 
bouojht,  they  broke  off,  and  he  went  for  Governour  to  the  cabecacie 
river  of  Plate.     His  kinsmen  Christopher  de  Spindola,  and  ^t-'i^'V?-"' 

-•-  -"-of  the  Eive 

Baltasar  de  Gallegos,  went  with  Soto.     Baltasar  de  Gallegos  ofP''^te. 
sold  houses  and  vineyards,  and  rent  corne,  and  ninetic  rankes 


the 
er 


14  A  KKT.ATION  OF 

of  olive  trees  in  the  Xarafe  of  Sivil.^  Hec  had  th:?' office  of 
Alcalde  Mayor,  and  tooke  his  wife  with  him.  And  there 
went  also  many  other  persons  of  account  with  the  president, 
and  had  the  offices  following  by  great  friendship,  because 
they  Avere  offices  desired  of  many  ;  to  wit,  Antonio  de  Biedma- 
was  factor,  John  Danusco  was  auditor,  and  John  Gaytan, 
nephcAV  to  the  Cardinall  of  Ciguenza,  had  the  office  of 
treasurer. 


CHAPTER   III. 


How  the  Portugcdes  loent  to  Sivil,  and  from  thence  to  S.  Lucar :  he 
appointed  captaines  over  the  ships,  and  distributed  the  p>eop>le  which 
were  to  goe  in  them. 

The  Portugales  departed  from  Elvas  the  15  of  Januarie, 
and  came  to  Sivil  the  19  of  the  same  moneth,  and  went  to 

'  The  olive  districts  in  the  vicinity  of  Seville.  Aljarafe  or  Ajarafe, 
or  more  correctly  AlSharaf,  is  an  Arabic  word,  signifying  a  hilly  or 
elevated  country.  Zuniga  {Annales  de  SeoiUa,  p.  4)  describes  it  as 
"  Aquella  fertilissima  porcion  de  tierra,  que  los  antiguos  llamaron  Guerta 
de  Hercules,  que  desde  las  riberas  de  Guadalquivir,  interpuesta  vega  de 
media  legua  de  ancho,  se  va  elevando,  de  que  le  provino  el  nombre 
Alxarafe,  que  significa  tierra  alta  5  superior."  Mr,  Ford  says,  "  This 
fertile  district  was  called  the  garden  of  Hercules.  It  produced  the  finest 
Boetican  olives  of  antiquity  :  under  the  Moors  it  was  a  paradise,  but 
now  all  is  ruin  and  desolation.  There  is  not  only  excellent  lodging  for 
owls  in  ruined  buildings,  but  first-rate  cover  for  game  of  every  kind, 
which  thrive  in  these  wastes,  where  nature  and  her  fercB  are  left  in 
undisputed  possession." — {Hand-Boole  of  Spain,  i,  241.) 

2  Among  the  Recueil  de  pieces  sur  la  Floride,  published  by  Ternaux- 
Compans  in  1841,  is  one  entitled  :  "  Relation  de  ce  qui  arriva  pendant 
le  voyage  du  capitaine  Soto,  et  details  sur  la  nature  du  pays  qu'il  par- 
courut.  Par  Luis  Hernandez  de  Biedma."  A  note  by  Munoz  st^ates 
that  Biedma  accompanied  Soto  in  quality  of  Factor  to  His  Majesty,  as 
appears  by  a  decision  of  the  Council  of  the  Indies  in  1544.  Notwith- 
standing the  discrepancy  in  the  Christian  name  of  the  author,  it  is  evi- 
dent that  Antonio  and  Luis  Hernandez  are  one  and  the  same  person.  A 
translation  of  this  document  is  given  in  the  present  work. 


DON  FEK])1NAN1)0  DE  SOTO.  15 

the  lodging  of  the  Governor,  and  entred  into  a  court,  over 
the  which  were  certaine  galleries  where  hee  was,  who  came 
downe  and  received  them  at  the  staires,  whereby  they  went 
up  into  the  galleries :  when  he  was  come  up,  he  commanded 
chaires  to  be  "iven  them  to  sit  on.  And  Andrew  de  Vas- 
concelos  told  him  who  hee  and  the  other  Portugales  were, 
and  how  they  all  were  come  to  accompany  him,  and  serve 
him  in  his  voiage.  He  gave  him  thanks,  and  made  shcAV  of 
great  contentment  for  his  comming  and  offer.  And  the  table 
being  alreaclie  laid^  he  invited  them  to  dinner.  And  being 
at  dinner,  he  commanded  his  steward  to  seeke  a  lodging  for 
them  near  unto  his  owne,  where  they  might  be  lodged.  The 
Adelantado  departed  from  Sivil  to  Saint  Lucar  with  al  the 
people  Avhich  were  to  goe  wdth  him.  And  he  commanded  a 
muster  to  be  made,  at  the  which  the  Portugales  shewed 
themselves  armed  in  verie  bright  armour,  and  the  Castellans 
very  gallant  with  silke  upon  silke,  with  many  pinkings  and 
cuts.  The  Governour,  because  these  braveries  in  such  an 
action  did  not  like  him,  commanded  that  they  should  muster 
another  day,  and  every  one  should  come  foorth  with  his 
armour ;  at  the  which  the  Portugales  came  as  at  the  first, 
armed  with  very  good  armour.  The  Governour  placed  them  in 
order  neere  unto  the  standard  which  the  ensigne-bearer  car- 
ried. The  Castellanes  for  the  most  part  did  weare  very  bad 
and  rustic  shirts  of  maile,  and  all  of  them  head-peeces  and 
Steele  cappes^  and  very  bad  lances.  And  some  of  them  sought 
to  come  among  the  Portugales.  So  those  passed  and  were 
counted  and  enroled,  which  Soto  liked  and  accepted  of,  and 
did  accompanie  him  into  Florida :   which  were  in  all  sixe  ^^^^  ^""- 

^  ■'  area  men 

hundred  men.    He  had  alreadie  bought  seven  ships,  and  had  ^'^i^*^^^!^^ 
all  necessarie  provision  aboord  them.     He  appointed   cap- 
taines,  and  delivered  to  every  one  his  ship,  and  gave  them  in 
a  role  what  people  every  one  should  carrie  Avith  them. 


Soto  into 
Florida. 


16  A   RELATION   OF 


CHAPTER    IV. 

IIow  the  Adelantado  with  his  -people  departed  from  SjKiine,  and  came  to 
the  Canaries,  and  afterward  to  the  Antiles. 

In  the  yccre  of  our  Lord  1538,  in  the  moneth  of  Aprill, 
the  Adelantado  delivered  his  shippcs  to  the  captaincs  Avhich 
were  to  goe  in  them ;  and  tooke  for  himselfe  a  new  ship,  and 
good  of  saile,  and  gave  another  to  Andrew  de  Vasconcelos, 
in  which  the  Portugales  went ;  hee  went  over  the  barre  of 
S.  Lucar  on  Sunday,  being  S.  Lazarus  day,  in  the  morning, 
of  the  moneth  and  yeere  aforesaid,  with  great  joy,  command- 
ing his  trumpets  to  be  sounded,  and  many  shots  of  the  ordi- 
nance to  be  discharged.  Hee  sailed  foure  dales  with  a  pros- 
perous wind,  and  suddenly  it  calmed — the  calmes  continued 
eight  dales  with  swelling  seas,  in  such  wise,  that  wee  made 
no  way.  The  15  day  after  his  departure  from  S.  Lucar,  hee 
came  to  Gomera,  one  of  the  Canaries,  on  Easter  day  in  the 
morning.  The  Earle  of  that  island  was  apparrelled  all  in 
white,  cloke,  jerkin,  hose,  shooes,  and  caj^pe,  so  that  he 
seemed  a  Lord  of  the  Gypses.^  Hee  received  the  Governour 
with  much  joy;  hee  was  well  lodged,  and  all  the  rest  had 
their  lodgings  gratis,  and  gat  great  store  of  victuals  for  their 
monie,  as  bread,  wine,  and  flesh ;  and  they  tooke  what  was 
needful  for  their  ships  :  and  the  Sunday  following,  eight 
days  after  their  arrivall,  they  departed  from  the  isle  of  Gomera. 
The  earle  gave  to  Donna  Isabella,  the  Adelantados  wife,  a 
bastard  daughter  that  hee  had,  to  bee  her  waiting  maid.' 

^  "  IIo  code  daquella  ylha  andaua  todo  vestido  de  braco,  capa  e  pelote 
e  cal§as  e  9apatos  e  carapu9a,  q'  parecia  code  de  ciganos." — Relagam 
verdadeira,  etc.,  2^er  hfi  jidalgo  Deluas.     Evora,  1557. 

-  The  name  of  this  lady,  "  Dona  Leonora  de  Bobadilla",  is  suj)plied  by 
Garcilaso  de  la  Vega  {La  Florida  del  Inca,  p.  11),  who  also  adds,  that 
she  was  seventeen  years  of  age,  and  extremely  beautiful, — "  cuya  hermo- 
sura  era  cstremada". 


DOX  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  17 

They  arriA'cd  at  the  Antilles,  in  tlic^  isle  of  Cuba,  at  the  port 
of  the  city  of  Sant  lago,  upon  Whitsunday.  As  sone  as  they 
came  thither,  a  gentleman  of  the  citie  sent  to  the  sea  side  a 
very  faire  roan  horse,  and  well  furnished,  for  the  Governour, 
and  a  mule  for  Donna  Isabella ;  and  all  the  horsemen  and 
footemen  that  were  in  the  towne,  came  to  receive  him  at  the 
seaside.  The  Governour  was  well  lodged,  visited,  and  served 
of  all  the  inhabitants  of  that  citie,  and  all  his  companie  had 
their  lodgings  freely ;  those  which  desired  to  goe  into  the 
countrie  were  divided  by  foure  and  foure,  and  sixe  and  sixe 
in  the  farmes  or  granges,  according  to  the  abilitie  of  the 
owners  of  the  farmes,  and  were  furnished  by  them  with  all 
things  necessary. 


CHAPTER    y. 


Of  the  inhabitants  which  are  in  the  citie  of  aS'.  lago^  and  iii  the  other 
townes  of  the  idand  ;  and  of  the  qimlitie  of  the  soile,  andfruites  that 
it  yeeldeth. 

The  citie  of  S.  lago  hath  fourescore  houses,  w"hich  are 
great  and  well  contrived.  The  most  part  have  theu'  walles 
made  of  bords,  and  are  covered  with  thatch ;  it  hath  some 
houses  builded  with  lime  and  stone,  and  covered  with  tiles. 
It  hath  great  orchards  and  many  trees  in  them,  differing  from 
those  of  Spaine ;  there  be  figge  trees,  which  beare  figges  as  oreatfigges. 
big  as  ones  fist,  yellow  within,  and  of  small  taste  ;  and  other 
trees,  which  beare  a  fruit  which  they  call  ananes,^  in  making  Ananes. 
and  bignes  like  to  a  small  pineapple  ;  it  is  a  fruit  very 
sweete  in  taste ;  the  shel  being  taken  away,  the  kernel  is  like 

'  This  appears  to  be  an  error  in  spelling  ;  the  anana,  or  pine-apple, 
not  presenting  these  characteristics.  Possibly  the  anona,  or  sweet-sop, 
may  be  referred  to  ;  but  the  description  is  too  vague  to  allow  us  to 
speak  with  certainty. 

D 


18  A  RELATION  OF 

a  pcccc  of  fresh  cheese.  In  the  granges  abroad  in  the 
Great  pine-  countric  there  are  other  great  pineaj^ples,  which  grow  on 
*  Ena       low    trocs,    and    are   like    the    *  aloe -tree  ;    they    are    of    a 

babosa.i 

very  good  smell  and  exceeding  good  taste.     Other  trees  do 

exceifent'^"  bcarc  a  fruit  which  they  call  mameis,-  of  the  bignes  of  peaches. 
This  the  islanders  do  hold  for  the  best  fruit  of  the  country. 

(-innyabas.  Xhcrc  is  auothcr  fruit  which  they  call  guayabas/  like  filberds, 
as  bigge  as  figges.  There  are  other  trees  as  high  as  a  jave- 
line,  haying  one  only  stocke  A^dthout  any  bough,  and  the 
leaves  as  long  as  a  casting  dart ;  and  the  fruite  is  of  the  big- 
nesse  and  fashion  of  a  cucumber,  one  bunch  bcareth  20  or 
30,   and  as  they  ripen,  the  tree  bendeth  doA\^ieward  with 

riantnnos.  them :  they  are  called  in  this  countrie  plantanos,  and  are  of 
a  good  taste,  and  rij^en  after  they  be  gathered ;  but  those  are 
the  better  which  ripen  upon  the  tree  itselfe  ;  they  beare  fruite 
but  once ;  and  the  tree  being  cut  downe,  there  spring  up 
others  out  of  the  but,  which  beare  fruite  the  next  yeere. 
There  is  another  fruit,  whereby  many  people  are  sustained, 

^oiaiS  "*'  ^^^  chiefly  the  slaves,  wliicli  are  called  batatas.^  These  grow 
now  in  the  isle  of  Tercera,  belonging  to  the  kingdome  of 
Portugal,  and  they  grow  within  the  earth,  and  are  like  a 
fruit  called  iname  f  they  have  almost  the  taste  of  a  chestnut. 
The  bread  of  this  countrie  is  also  made  of  rootes,  which  are 

The  cassavi  like  the  batatas.  And  the  stocke  whereon  those  rootes  doe 
grow  is  like  an  elder-tree ;  they  make  their  ground  in  little 
hillocks,  and  in  each  of  them  they  thrust  4  or  5  stakes,  and 
they  gather  the  rootes  a  yeere  and  an  halfe  after  they  set 
them.  If  any  one,  thinking  it  is  a  batata  or  potato  roote, 
chance  to  eate  of  it  never  so  little,  hee  is  in  great  danger  of 
death,^  which  was  scene  by  experience  in  a  souldier,  who  as 

'  Erba  babosa. — The  scientific  term  for  the  aloe. 

2  The  mammee-apple,  well  known  in  the  ^Yest  Indies, 

■'  Guavas. 

^  The  convolvulus  batata,  or  sweet  potato. 

^  Say  Iname,  since  corrupted  into  yam. 

s  This  is  only  the  case  with  the  uncooked  cassava  root. 


roote. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  19 

sone  as  hee  had  eaten  a  very  little  of  one  of  those  rootes,  hee 
died  quicklie.  They  pare  these  rootes  and  stampe  them^  and 
sqnese  them  in  a  thing  like  a  presse ;  the  juyce  that  cometh 
from  them  is  of  an  evill  smell.  The  bread  is  of  little  taste, 
and  lesse  substance.  Of  the  fruites  of  Spaine,  there  are 
figges  and  oranges,  and  they  beare  fruit  all  the  yeere,  because 
the  soile  is  very  ranke  and  fruitfuU.  In  this  countrie  are 
many  good  horses,  and  there  is  greene  grasse  all  the  yeere.  i^o^ses^^^"*^ 
There  be  many  wild  oxen  and  hogges,  whereby  the  people 
of  the  island  is  well  furnished  with  flesh.  Without  the 
townes  abroad  in  the  countrie  are  many  fruites.  And  it 
happeneth  sometimes,  that  a  Christian  goeth  out  of  the  way 
and  is  lost  15  or  20  daies,  because  of  the  many  paths  in  the 
thicke  groves  that  crosse  to  and  fro  made  by  the  oxen,  and 
being  thus  lost,  they  sustaine  themselves  with  fruites  and 
palmitos, — for  there  bee  many  great  groves  of  palme  trees 
through  all  the  island :  they  yceld  no  other  fruite  that  is  of 
any  profit.  The  isle  of  Cuba  is  300  leagues  long  from  the  east  ^^e  j^ji^gth 
to  the  west ;  and  is  in  some  places  30,  in  others  40,  leagues  ^^  ^"^^• 
from  north  to  south.  It  hath  6  townes  of  Christians ;  to  wit, 
S.  lago,  Baracoa,  Bayamo,  Puerto  de  Princi]3es,  S.  Espirito, 
and  Havana.  Every  one  hath  betweene  30  and  40  house- 
holds, except  S.  lago  and  Havana,  which  have  about  60 
or  80  houses.  They  have  churches  in  each  of  them,  and  a 
chaplen,  which  confesseth  them  and  saith  masse.  In  S.  lago 
is  a  monasterie  of  Franciscan  friers ;  it  hath  but  few  friers, 
and  is  well  provided  of  almes,  because  the  countrie  is  rich. 
The  church  of  S.  lago  hath  honest  revenew,  and  there  is  a 
curat  and  prebends  and  many  priests,  as  the  church  of  that 
citie,  which  is  the  chiefe  of  all  the  island.  There  is  in  this 
countrie  much  gold,  and  few  slaves  to  get  it ;  for  many  have 
made  away  themselves,  because  of  the  Christians  evill  usage 
of  them  in  the  mines.  A  steward  of  Vasques  Porcallo,  which 
was  an  inhabitour  in  that  island,  understanding  that  hisAwittie 
slaves  would  make  away  themselves,  staled  for  them  with  a 


20  A  RELATION  OF 

cudgill  in  his  hand  at  the  place  where  they  were  to  meetc, 
and  tokl  them,  that  they  could  neither  doe  nor  thinke  any 
thing  that  hee  did  not  know  before  ;  and  that  he  came 
thither  to  kill  himselfe  with  them,  to  the  end,  that  if  he  had 
used  them  badly  iu  this  world,  hee  might  use  them  Avorse  in 
the  world  to  come.  And  this  was  a  meane  that  they  changed 
their  purjoose,  and  turned  home  againe  to  doe  that  which  he 
commanded  them. 


CHAPTER    YI. 


Moiv  the  Gooernour  sent  Domui  Isabella  with  the  ships  to  Havana^  and  he, 
with  some  of  his  2^eople,  vjeiU  thither  by  land. 

The  Governour  sent  from  S.  lago  his  nephew  Don  Carlos 
with  the  ships,  in  company  of  Donna  Isabella,  to  tarrie  for 
him  at  Havana,  which  is  an  haven  in  the  west  part,  toward 
the  head  of  the  island,  180  leagues  from  the  citie  of  Saint 
lago.  The  Governour,  and  those  which  staied  with  him, 
bought  horses,  and  proceeded  on  their  journie.  The  first 
Bayamo.  towuc  they  camc  unto  was  Bayamo  :  they  were  lodged  foure 
and  foure,  and  sixe  and  sixe,  as  they  went  in  company,  and 
where  they  lodged,  they  tooke  nothing  for  their  diet,  for 
nothing  cost  them  ought  save  the  maiz,  or  corne  for  their 
horses,  because  the  Governor  went  to  visit  them  from  towne 
to  towne,  and  seased  them  in  the  tribute  and  service  of  the 
Indians.  Bayamo  is  25  leagues  from  the  citie  of  Saint  lago. 
Neere  unto  the  toAvne  passeth  a  great  river,  which  is  called 
Tauto  ;^  it  is  greater  then  Guadiana,  and  in  it  be  very  great 
crocodiles,  which  sometimes  hurt  the  Indians,  or  the  cattell 
which  passeth  the  river.  In  all  the  countrie  are  neither 
wolfe,  foxo,  bcaro,  lion,  nor  tiger.     There  arc  wild  dogges 

1  The  Rio  de  Cauto. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  21 

which  goe  from  the  houses  into  the  woods  and  feed  upon 

swine.     There  be  certaine  snakes  as  bigge  as  a  mans  thigh, 

or  bigger :  they  are  very  slow,  they  doe  no  kind  of  hurt. 

From  Bayamo  to  Puerto  dellos  principes  are  50  leagues.     In  i^g^pJill?'" 

al  the  island,  from  towne  to  towne,  the  way  is  made  by  "^'^''" 

stubbing  up  the  underwood :  and  if  it  bee  left  but  one  yeere 

undone,  the  wood  groweth  so  much,  that  the  way  cannot  be 

scene,  and  the  paths  of  the  oxen  are  so  many,  that  none  can 

travell  without  an  Indian  of  the  countrie  for  a  guide ;  for  all 

the  rest  is  very  hie  and  thicke  woods.     From  Puerto  dellos 

principes  the  Governour  went  to  the  house  of  Vasques  Por- 

callo   by  sea  in  a  bote   (for  it  was  neere  the  sea),  to  know 

there  some  newes  of  Donna  Isabella,  which  at  that  instant 

(as  afterward  was  knowne)  was  in  great  distresse,  in  so  much 

that  the  ships  lost  one  another ;  and  two  of  them  fell  on  the 

coast  of  Florida,  and  all  of  them  endured  great  want  of  water 

and  victuals.    Wlien  the  storme  was  over,  they  met  together, 

without  knowing  where  they  were  :  in  the  end  they  descried 

the  cape  of  S.  Anton,  a  countrie  not  inhabited  of  the  island  The  cape  of 

S.  Antonio, 

of  Cuba :  there  they  watered ;  and  at  the  end  of  40  daies, 
which  were  passed  since  their  departure  from  the  city  of  S. 
lago,  they  arrived  at  Havana.  The  Governour  was  presently 
informed  thereof,  and  went  to  Donna  Isabella.  And  those 
which  went  by  land,  which  were  one  hundred  and  fiftie 
horsemen,  being  divided  into  two  parts,  because  they  would 
not  oppresse  the  inhabitants,  travelled  by  S.  Espirito,  which 
is  60  leagues  from  Puerto  dellos  principes.  The  food  which 
they  carried  with  them  was  cacabe  bread,  which  is  that 
whereof  I  made  mention  before  ;  and  it  is  of  such  a  qualitie, 
that  if  it  be  wet,  it  breaketh  presently,  whereby  it  happened 
to  some  to  eate  flesh  without  bread  for  many  daies.  They 
carried  dogges  with  them,  and  a  man  of  the  country  which 
did  hunt;  and  by  the  way,  or  where  they  were  to  lodge 
that  night,  they  killed  as  many  hogges  as  they  needed.  In 
this  joui-nie  they  were  well  provided  of  becfe  and  porke ; 


22  A  RELATION  OF 

and  they  were  greatly  troubled  with  mviskitos,  especially  in 
a  lake,  which  is  called  the  mere  of  Pia,  which  they  had 
much  adoe  to  passe  from  noone  till  night ;  the  water  might 
be  some  halfe  league  over,  and  to  be  swome  about  a  crosse- 
bow  shot,  the  rest  came  to  the  waste,  and  they  waded  up  to 
the  knees  in  the  mire,  and  in  the  bottome  were  cockle-shels, 
which  cut  theu'  feete  very  sore ;  in  such  sort,  that  there  was 
neither  boote  nor  shooe  sole  that  was  hole  at  halfe  way. 
Their  clothes  and  saddels  were  passed  in  baskets  of  palme 
trees.  Passing  this  lake,  stripped  out  of  their  clothes,  there 
came  many  muskitos,  upon  whose  biting  there  arose  a  wheale 
that  smarted  very  much ;  they  strooke  them  with  their  hands, 
and  with  the  blowe  which  they  gave  they  killed  so  many, 
that  the  blood  did  runne  downe  the  armes  and  bodies  of  the 
men.  That  night  they  rested  very  little  for  them,  and  other 
nights  also   in  the  like  places   and  times.      They  came  to 

sauto  Espi-  g^j-^^Q  Espirito,  which  is  a  towne  of  thirtie  houses  ;  there 
passeth  by  it  a  little  river  :  it  is  very  pleasant  and  fruitfuU, 
having  great  store  of  oranges  and  citrons,  and  fruites  of  the 
countrie.  One  halfe  of  the  companie  were  lodged  here,  and 
the  rest  passed  forward  26  leagues  to  another  towne  called 

LaTriuiaad.  i^  Trinidad,  of  15  or  20  households.  Here  is  an  hosj)itall 
for  the  poore,  and  there  is  none  other  in  all  the  island.  And 
they  say,  that  this  towne  was  the  greatest  in  all  the  countrie  ; 
and  that  before  the  Christians  came  into  this  land,  as  a  ship 
passed  along  the  coast,  there  came  in  it  a  very  sicke  man, 
which  desired  the  caj)taine  to  set  him  on  shore ;  and  the 
captaine  did  so,  and  the  ship  went  her  way.  The  sicke 
man  remained  set  on  shore  in  that  countrie,  which  untill 
then  had  not  been  haunted  by  Christians ;  whereupon  the 
Indians  found  him,  carried  him  home,  and  looked  unto  him 
till  he  was  whole ;  and  the  lord  of  that  toA\Tie  maried  him 
imto  a  daughter  of  his,  and  had  warre  with  all  the  inhabitants 
round  about ;  and  by  the  Industrie  and  valour  of  the  Chris- 
tian, he  subdued  and  brouoht  under  his  command  all  the 


DON  FETIDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  2S 

people  of  that  island.  A  great  while  after,  the  governour, 
Diego  Velasques,  went  to  conquer  it,  and  from  thence  dis- 
covered 'New  Spaine.^  And  this  Christian,  which  was  with 
the  Indians,  did  pacific  them,  and  brought  them  to  the  obe- 
dience and  subjection  of  the  governour.  From  this  towne, 
della  Trinidad,  unto  Havana,  are  80  leagues,  without  any 
habitation,  which  they  travelled.  They  came  to  Havana  in  iraynna. 
the  end  of  March ;  where  they  found  the  Governor,  and  the 
rest  of  the  people  which  came  with  him  from  Spaine.  The 
Governour  sent  from  Havana  John  Dannusco,  with  a  caravele 
and  two  brigantines,  mth  50  men,  to  discover  the  haven  of 
Florida ;  and  from  thence  hee  brought  two  Indians,  which 
he  tooke  upon  the  coast;  wherewith  (as  well  because  they 
might  be  necessarie  for  guides  and  for  interpretours,  as  be- 
cause they  said  by  signes  there  was  much  gold  in  Florida) 
the  Governour  and  all  the  companie  received  much  con- 
tentment, and  longed  for  the  houre  of  their  departure,  think- 
ing in  himselfe  that  this  was  the  richest  countrie  that  unto 
that  day  had  been  discovered. 

1  The  conquest  of  Cuba  was  effected  by  Diego  Velasquez,  in  1511. 
New  Spain  was  discovered,  in  1518,  by  Juan  de  Grijalva,  who  set  sail 
from  Cuba  with  four  vessels  fitted  out  at  the  expense  of  Velasquez,  at 
that  time  Governor  of  the  island.  On  receiving  intelligence  from  Grijalva 
of  the  important  discovery  which  he  had  made,  the  ambitious  Velasquez 
immediately  issued  orders  for  the  equipment  of  a  fleet  for  the  conquest 
of  the  newly-discovered  regions,  and  gave  the  command  of  it  to  Hernando 
Cortes, — "  the  man,  of  all  others,  best  calculated  to  achieve  this  great 
enterprise  ;  the  last  man  to  whom  Velasquez,  could  he  have  foreseen  the 
results,  would  have  confided  it."     Prescott,  Conquest  of  Mexico,  i,  196. 


24  A  RELATION  OF 


CHAPTER  VII. 

IJov)  we  departed  from  Havana,  and  arrived  in  Florida,  and  of  such  th  ings 

as  happened  unto  us. 

Before  our  dei^arture,  the  Governour  deprived  Nunno  de 
Tovar  of  the  office  of  captaine-generaU,  and  gave  it  to  Porcallo 
de  Figueroa,  an  inhabitant  of  Cuba,  which  was  a  meane  that 
the  sliij)pes  were  well  furnished  with  victuals :  for  he  gave  a 
great  many  loads  of  casabe  bread,  and  manie  hogges.     The 
Governour  tooke  away  this  office  from  Xonno  de  Tovar,  be- 
cause hee  had  fallen  in  love  with  the  daughter  of  the  Earle 
of  Gomera,  Donna  Isabella's  waighting-maid,  who,  though  his 
office  were  taken  from  him  (to  returne  againe  to  the  Govern- 
ours  favour),  though  she  were  ^^ith  child  by  him,  yet  tooke 
her   to  his  wife,   and  went  A^dth   Soto   into   Florida.     The 
Governour  left   Donna  Isabella  in  Havana  ;    and  with  her 
remained  the  wife  of  Don  Carlos,  and  the  T\dves  of  Baltasar 
de  Gallegos,  and  of  Xonno  de  Tovar.     And  hee  left  for  his 
lieutenant  a  gentleman  of  HaA^ana,  called  John  de  Roias,  for 
the  goA^ernment  of  the  island. 
Ma\i8.i539.      Qn  Suuday  the   18.   of  May,  in  the  yeere  of  our  Lord 
1539,  the  Adelantado  or  president  departed  fr'om  HaA'ana  in 
Cuba  with  liis  fleete,  AAdiich  were  nine  A'cssels,  fiA'e  great 
ships,  two  cai'aA^els,  and  two  brigantines.     They  sailed  scA^en 
dales  with  a  prosperous  wind.     The  25.  day  of  May,  the  day 
de  Pasca  de  Spirito  Santo  (which  we  call  AVhitson  Sonday), 

Tliis  place 

was  called    tlicy  saAV  the  land  of  Florida:  and  because  of  the  shoalds, 

liaya  de  *'  ^ 

sSncto  they  came  to  an  anchor  a  league  from  the  shore.  On  Friday 
^Sst"s"ide*  o^f  the  30.  of  May  they  landed  in  Florida,  two  leagues  from  a 
'^9  degi-ees i  toA\Tie  of  au  Indian  lord,  called  Ucita.^     They  set  on  land 

•  The  reader  is  referred  to  the  Introduction,  for  a  more  particular 
notice  of  the  various  Indian  provinces,  towns,  and  villages,  mentioned  in 
the  following  pages  as  falling  in  Soto's  route. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  25 

two  hundred  and  thirteene  horses,  which  they  brought  with 

them,  to  unburden  the  shippes,  that  they  might  draw  the 

lesse  water.     Hee  landed  all  his  men,  and  only  the  sea  men 

remained  in  the  shippes,  which  in  eight  dales,  going  up  with 

the  tide  every  day  a  little,  brought  them  up  unto  the  towne. 

As  soone  as  the  people  were  come  on  shore,  hee  pitched  his 

campe  on  the  sea  side,  hard  upon  the  bay  which  went  up 

unto  the  towne.    And  presently  the  captaine  generall  Vasques  The  ships 

Porcallo,  with  other  seven  horsemen,  foracred  the  countrie  the  towne  of 

.  ,  ,         Ucita. 

halfe  a  league  round  about,  and  found  sixe  Indians,  which 
resisted  him  with  their  arrowes,  which  are  the  weaj)ons 
which  they  use  to  fight  withall.  The  horsemen  killed  two  of 
them,  and  the  other  foure  escaped ;  because  the  countrie  is 
cumbersome  with  woods  and  bogs,  where  the  horses  stacke 
fast,  and  fell  with  their  riders,  because  they  were  weake  with 
travelling  upon  the  sea.  The  same  night  following,  the  Go- 
vernour,  with  an  hundred  men  in  the  brigan tines,  lighted 
upon  a  towne,  which  he  found  without  people,  because,  that 
assoone  as  the  Christians  had  sight  of  land,  they  were  de- 
scried, and  saw  along  the  coast  many  smokes,  which  the 
Indians  had  made  to  give  advice  the  one  to  the  other.  The 
next  day  Luys  de  Moscoso,  master  of  the  campe,  set  the  men 
in  order,  the  horsemen  in  three  squadrons, — the  vantgard, 
the  batallion,  and  the  rerewarde  :  and  so  they  marched  that 
day,  and  the  day  following,  compassing  great  creekes  which 
came  out  of  the  bay.  They  came  to  the  towne  of  Ucita,  The  towns 
where  the  Governour  was,  on  Sunday  the  first  of  June,  being  ju^e. 
Trinitie  Sunday.  The  towne  was  of  seven  or  eight  houses. 
The  lordes  house  stoode  neere  the  shore,  upon  a  very  hie 
mount,  made  by  hand  for  strength.  At  another  end  of  the 
towne  stood  the  church,^  and  on  the  top  of  it  stood  a  fowle 
made  of  wood,  with  gilded  eies.     Heere  were  found  some 

^  The  original  Portuguese  word   is  mesquita,  which  would  be  more 
correctly  rendered  by  "  temple". 

E 


26  A  RELATION  OF 

Some  pcries  pcai'lcs   of   Small   valcw,   spoiled  with    the    fire,   which   the 

found. 

Indians  do  pierce  and  string  them  like  beades,  and 
wearc  them  about  their  neckes  and  handwrists,  and  they 
esteeme  them  very  much.  The  houses  were  made  of  timber, 
and  covered  with  palme  leaves.  The  Governour  lodged  him- 
selfe  in  the  lords  houses,  and  with  him  Vasques  Porcallo, 
and  Luys  de  Moscoso  ;  and  in  others  that  were  in  the  middest 
of  the  towne,  was  the  chiefe  alcalde  or  justice,  Baltasar  de 
Gallegos,  lodged  ;  and  in  the  same  houses  was  set  in  a  place 
by  it  selfe,  al  the  provision  that  came  in  the  ships :  the 
other  houses  and  the  church  were  broken  do^^Ti,  and  every 
three  or  foure  souldiers  made  a  little  cabin  wherein  they 
lodged.  The  countrie  round  about  was  very  fennie,  and 
encombred  with  great  and  hie  trees.  The  Governor  com- 
manded to  fel  the  w^oods  a  crossebow  shot  round  about  the 
towne,  that  the  horses  might  runne,  and  the  Christians  might 
have  the  advantage  of  the  Indians,  if  by  chance  they  should 
set  upon  them  by  night.  In  the  waies  and  places  convenient, 
they  had  their  centinelles  of  footemen  by  two  and  two  in 
every  stand,  which  did  watch  by  turnes,  and  the  horsemen 
did  visit  them,  and  were  readie  to  assist  th^m,  if  there  were 
any  alarme.  The  Governour  made  foure  captaines  of  the 
horsemen,  and  two  of  the  footemen.  The  captaines  of  the 
horsemen  were,  one  of  them,  Andrew  de  Yasconcelos,  and 
another,  Pedro  Calderan  de  Badajos  ;  and  the  other  two 
were  his  kinsemen,  to  wit,  Arias  Tinoco  and  Alfonso  Komo, 
borne  likewise  in  Badajos.  The  captaines  of  the  footemen, 
the  one  was  Francisco  ]Maldonado  of  Salamanca,  and  the 
other  Juan  Rodriguez  Lobillo.  'While  wee  were  in  this 
towne  of  Ucita,  the  two  Indians  which  John  Danusco  had 
taken  on  that  coast,  and  the  Governor  caried  along  with  him 
for  guides  and  interpretours,  through  carelessenes  of  two 
men  which  had  the  charge  of  them,  escaped  away  one  night. 
For  which  the  Governour  and  all  the  rest  were  very  sorie. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  27 

for  tliey  had  alreadie  made  some  roades,  and  no  Indians 
coidd  bee  taken,  because  tlie  countrie  was  full  of  marish 
grounds,  and  in  many  places  full  of  very  hie  and  thicke 
woods. 


CHAPTEH    VIII. 


Of  some  iiirodes  tJuit  were  made  into  the  countrie;  and  how  there  was  a 
Christian  foiDid,  ivhich  had  bin  long  time  in  tlie power  of  an  Indian 
Lord. 

From  the  towne  of  Ucita,  the  Governour  sent  the  alcalde 
mayor,  Baltasar  de  Gallegos,  with  40  horsemen  and  80  foote- 
men,  into  the  countrie,  to  see  if  they  could  take  any  Indians  : 
and  the  captaine,  John  Rodriguez  Lobillo,  another  way  with 
50  footemen ;  the  most  of  them  were  swordmen  and  target- 
tours,  and  the  rest  were  shot  and  crossebowmen.  They 
passed  through  a  countrie  full  of  bogges,  where  horses  could 
not  travell.  Halfe  a  league  fi'om  the  campe,  they  lighted  upon 
certaine  cabins  of  Indians  neere  a  river ;  the  people  that  were  certaine 

-,  .  ,  1  /.  cabins  o 

m  them  leaped  into  the  river  ;  yet  they  tooke  foure  Indian  Indians. 
women ;  and  twentie  Indians  charged  us,  and  so  distressed 
us,  that  wee  were  forced  to  retire  to  our  campe,  being,  as  they 
are,  exceeding  readie  with  their  weapons.  It  is  a  people  so 
warlike  and  so  nimble,  that  they  care  not  a  whit  for  any 
footemen.  For  if  their  enemies  charge  them,  they  runne 
away,  and  if  they  turne  their  backs,  they  are  presently  upon 
them.  And  the  thing  that  they  most  flee,  is  the  shot  of  an 
arrow.  They  never  stand  still,  but  are  alwaies  running  and 
traversing  from  one  place  to  another ;  by  reason  whereof 
neither  crossebow  nor  arcubuse  can  aime  at  them  ;  and  before 
one  crossebowman  can  make  one  shot,  an  Indian  will  dis- 
charge three  or  foure  arrowes  ;  and  he  seldome  misseth  what 


28  A  RELATION  OF 

lice  sliootetli  at.  An  arrow,  where  it  lindeth  no  armour, 
pierceth  as  deepcly  as  a  crossebow.  Their  bowes  are  very 
long,  and  their  arrowes  are  made  of  certain  canes  like  reedes, 
very  heavie,  and  so  strong,  that  a  sharpe  cane  passeth  thorow 
a  target ;  some  they  arme  in  the  point  with  a  sharpe  bone  of 
a  fish  like  a  chisel,  and  in  others  they  fasten  certaine  stones 
like  points  of  diamants.  For  the  most  part,  when  they  light 
upon  an  armour,  they  brcake  in  the  place  where  they  are 
bound  together.  Those  of  cane  do  split  and  pierce  a  coate 
of  maile,  and  are  more  hurtfull  then  the  other.  John  Ro- 
driguez Lobillo  returned  to  the  campe  with  sixe  men  wounded, 
whereof  one  died,  and  brought  the  foure  Indian  women, 
which  Baltasar  Gallegos  had  taken  in  the  cabins  or  cotages. 
Two  leagues  from  the  towne,  comming  into  the  plaine  field, 
he  espied  ten  or  eleven  Indians,  among  whom  was  a  Chris- 
tian, which  was  naked,  and  scorched  with  the  sunne,  and  had 
his  amies  razed  after  the  manner  of  the  Indians,  and  differed 
nothing  at  all  from  them.  And  as  soone  as  the  horsemen  saw 
them,  they  ran  toward  them.  The  Indians  fled,  and  some 
of  them  hid  themselves  in  a  wood,  and  they  overtooke  two 
or  three  of  them,  which  were  wounded ;  and  the  Christian, 
seeing  an  horseman  runne  upon  him  with  his  lance,  began 
to  crie  out.  Sirs,  I  am  a  Christian,  slay  me  not,  nor  these 
Indians,  for  they  have  saved  my  life.  And  straightway  he 
called  them,  and  put  them  out  of  feare,  and  they  came 
foorth  of  the  wood  unto  them.  The  horsemen  tooke  both 
the  Christian  and  the  Indians  up  behind  them ;  and  toward 
night  came  into  the  campe  with  much  joy  ;  which  thing 
being  knowne  by  the  Governour,  and  them  that  remained  in 
the  campe,  they  were  received  with  the  like. 


IH)X   FElU)lXA^*DO  DE  SOTO.  29 


CHAPTER   IX. 

Hot"  this  Christian  came  to  the  land  of  Florida,  and  who  lie  was  ;  and 
what  conference  he  had  with  the  Governour. 

This  Christian's  name  was  John  Ortiz,  and  he  was  borne  ;^'^^^"  ^l'^^^ 

'  lived  12 

in  Sivilj  in  worshij)ful  parentage.     He  was  twelve  yeeres  in  aSil  the 

the  hands  of  the  Indians.     He  came  into  this  conntrie  with  ofucuaand 

.       -,  .  M0C090. 

Pam]3hilo  de   Narvaez,  and   returned   m   the   ships   to   the 

Island  of  Cuba,  where  the  wife  of  the  Governour,  Pamphilo 
de  Narvaez,  was  :  and  by  his  commandement,  with  twenty  or 
thirty  other,  in  a  brigandine,  returned  backe  againe  to  Florida ; 
and  comming  to  the  port  in  the  sight  of  the  towne,  on  the 
shore  they  saw  a  cane  sticking  in  the  ground,  and  riven  at 
the  top,  and  a  letter  in  it :  and  they  beleeved  that  the 
Governoui*  had  left  it  there  to  give  advertisement  of  himselfe, 
when  he  resolved  to  goe  up  into  the  land;  and  they  de- 
manded it  of  foure  or  five  Indians,  which  walked  along  the 
sea  shore ;  and  they  bad  them,  by  signes,  to  come  on  shore 
for  it,  which,  against  the  will  of  the  rest,  John  Ortiz  and 
another  did.  And  as  soone  as  they  were  on  land,  from  the 
houses  of  the  towne  issued  a  great  number  of  Indians,  which 
compassed  them  about,  and  tooke  them  in  a  place  where 
they  could  not  flee  ;  and  the  other,  which  sought  to  defend 
himselfe,  they  presentlie  killed  upon  the  place,  and  tooke 
John  Ortiz  alive,  and  carried  him  to  Ucita  their  lord.  And 
those  of  the  brigandine  sought  not  to  land,  but  put  them- 
selves to  sea,  and  returned  to  the  island  of  Cuba.  Ucita 
commanded  to  bind  John  Ortiz  hand  and  foote  upon  foure 
stakes  aloft  upon  a  raft,  and  to  make  a  fire  under  him,  that 
there  he  might  bee  burned.  But  a  daughter  of  his  desired 
him  that  he  would  not  put  him  to  death,  alleaging  that  one 
only  Christian  could  do  him  neither  hurt  nor  good,  telling 
him,  that  it  was  more  for  his  honour  to  keepe  him  as  a  cap- 


oO  A  RELAT1()>    OF 

tive.  And  Ucita  granted  her  request,  and  commanded  him 
to  be  cured  of  his  wounds  ;  and  as  soone  as  he  was  whole, 
he  gave  him  the  charge  of  the  keeping  of  the  temple,  because 
that  by  night  the  wolves  did  cary  away  the  dead  corpses  out 
of  the  same ;  who  commended  himsclfe  to  God,  and  tooke 
upon  him  the  charge  of  his  temple.  One  night  the  wolves 
gate  from  him  the  corpes  of  a  little  child,  the  sonne  of  a 
principal  Indian ;  and  going  after  them,  he  threw  a  darte  at 
one  of  the  wolves,  and  strooke  him  that  carried  away  the 
corps,  who,  feeling  himselfe  wounded,  left  it,  and  fell  downe 
dead  neere  the  place ;  and  hee  not  woting  what  he  had  done, 
because  it  was  night,  went  backe  againe  to  the  temple  ;  the 
morning  being  come,  and  finding  not  the  bodie  of  the  child, 
he  was  very  sad.  As  soone  as  Ucita  knew  thereof,  he 
resolved  to  put  him  to  death ;  and  sent  by  the  tract,  which 
he  said  the  wolves  Avent,  and  found  the  bodie  of  the  child, 
and  the  wolfe  dead  a  little  beyond :  whereat  Ucita  was  much 
contented  with  the  Clii'istian,  and  with  the  watch  w^hich  hee 
kept  in  the  temple,  and  from  thence  forward  esteemed  him 
much.  Three  yeeres  after  hee  fell  into  his  hands,  there 
came  another  lord,  called  Mococo,  who  dwelleth  two  daies 
daSjoumie  jouJ'ny  ffom  the  port,  and  burned  his  towne.  Ucita  fled  to 
lom  ti  a.  ^^qj.]^pj.  ^owne  that  he  had  in  another  sea  port.  Thus  John 
Ortiz  lost  his  office  and  favour  that  he  had  with  him.  These 
people  being  worshippers  of  the  divell,  are  w^ont  to  offer  up 
unto  him  the  lives  and  blood  of  their  Indians,  or  of  any 
other  j)eople  they  can  come  by ;  and  they  report,  that  when 
he  will  have  them  doe  that  sacrifice  unto  Imn,  he  speaketh 
with  them,  and  telleth  them  that  he  is  athirst,  and  willeth 
them  to  sacrifice  unto  him.  John  Ortiz  had  notice  by  the 
damsell  that  had  delivered  him  from  the  fire,  how  her  father 
was  determined  to  sacrifice  him  the  day  following,  who  willed 
him  to  flee  to  Mococo,  for  shee  knew  that  he  would  use  him 
well ;  for  she  heard  say,  that  he  had  asked  for  him,  and  said 
he  would  be  glad  to  see  him ;  and  because  he  knew  not  the 


DON   FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  31 

way,  she  went  with  him  halfe  a  league  out  of  the  towne  by 
night,  and  set  him  in  the  way,  and  returned,  because  she 
woukl  not  be  discovered.  John  Ortiz  travailed  all  that 
night,  and  by  the  morning  came  unto  a  river,  which  is  in  a  river. 
the  territorie  of  Mococo ;  and  there  he  saw"  two  Indians  fish- 
ing ;  and  because  they  were  in  w^ar  with  the  people  of  Ucita, 
and  their  languages  were  dififercnt,  and  hee  knew  not  the 
language  of  Mococo,  he  was  afraid  (because  he  could  not  tell  ^ 
them  who  hee  was,  nor  how  hee  came  thither,  nor  was  able 
to  answer  any  thing  for  himselfe)  that  they  would  kill  him, 
taking  him  for  one  of  the  Indians  of  Ucita ;  and  before  they 
espied  him,  he  came  to  the  place  where  they  had  laid  their 
weapons ;  and  as  soone  as  they  saw  him,  they  fled  toward 
the  towne ;  and  although  he  willed  them  to  stay,  because  he 
meant  to  do  them  no  hurt,  yet  they  understood  him  not,  and 
ran  away  as  fast  as  ever  they  could.  And  as  soone  as  they 
came  to  the  towne  with  great  outcries,  many  Indians  came 
forth  against  him,  and  began  to  compasse  him  to  shoote  at 
him :  John  Ortiz  seeing  himselfe  in  so  great  danger,  shielded 
himselfe  with  certaine  trees,  and  began  to  shreeke  out,  and 
crie  very  loud,  and  to  tell  them  that  he  was  a  Christian,  and 
that  he  was  fled  from  Ucita,  and  was  come  to  see  and  serve 
Mococo  his  lord.  It  pleased  God,  that  at  that  very  instant 
there  came  thither  an  Indian  that  could  speake  the  language 
and  understood  him,  and  j)acified  the  rest,  who  told  them 
what  hee  said.  Then  ran  from  thence  three  or  foure  Indians 
to  beare  the  newes  to  their  lord,  who  came  foorth  a  quarter 
of  a  league  from  the  towne  to  receive  him,  and  was  very 
glad  of  him.  He  caused  him  presently  to  sweare  according 
to  the  custome  of  the  Christians,  that  he  would  not  run  away 
from  him  to  any  other  lord,  and  promised  him  to  entreate 
him  very  well ;  and  that  if  at  any  time  there  came  any 
Christians  into  that  countrie,  he  would  freely  let  him  goe, 
and  give  him  leave  to  goe  to  them ;  and  likewise  tooke  his 
oth  to  performe  the  same,  according^  to  the  Indian  custome. 


S2  A  RELATION  OF 

About  three  yeares   after,  certainc  Indians,  which  were 

fishing  at  sea  two  leagues  from  the  towne,  brought  newes  to 

Moco(jo  Ms  Mococo  that  they  had  seene  ships  :  and  hee  called  John  Ortiz, 

towne,  two  •»  '^  *- 

thSi  °*  ^^^  gave  him  leave  to  go  his  way ;  who,  taking  his  leave  of 
him,  ^vith  all  the  haste  he  could,  came  to  the  sea,  and  finding 
no  ships,  he  thought  it  to  be  some  deceit,  and  that  the 
cacique  had  done  the  same  to  learne  his  mind ;  so  he  dwelt 
with  Mococo  nine  yeeres,  with  small  hope  of  seeing  any 
Christians.  As  soone  as  our  Governor  arrived  in  Florida,  it 
was  kno-svne  to  Mococo,  and  straightway  he  signified  to  John 
Ortiz  that  Cliristians  were  lodged  in  the  towne  of  Ucita  : 
and  he  thought  he  had  jested  with  him,  as  hee  had  done 
before,  and  told  him,  that  by  this  time  he  had  forgotten  the 
Christians,  and  thought  of  nothing  else  but  to  serve  him. 
But  he  assured  him  that  it  was  so,  and  gave  him  licence  to 
goe  unto  them ;  saying  unto  him,  that  if  hee  would  not  doe 
it,  and  if  the  Christians  should  goe  their  way,  he  should  not 
blame  him,  for  he  had  fulfilled  that  which  hee  had  promised 
him.  The  joy  of  John  Ortiz  was  so  great,  that  hee  could 
not  beleeve  that  it  was  true ;  notwithstanding,  he  gave  him 
•thankes,  and  tooke  his  leave  of  him;  and  Mococo  gave  him 
tenne  or  eleven  principall  Indians  to  beare  him  companie ; 
and  as  they  went  to  the  port  where  the  Governour  Avas,  they 
met  with  Baltasar  de  Gallegos,  as  I  have  declared  before. 

As  soone  as  he  was  come  to  the  campe,  the  Governour 
commanded  to  give  him  a  sute  of  apparrell,  and  very  good 
armour,  and  a  faire  horse,  and  enquired  of  him,  whether  hee 
had  notice  of  any  countrie,  where  there  was  any  gold  or 
silver  ?  He  answered.  No,  because  he  never  went  ten  leagues 
compasse  from  the  place  where  he  dwelt;  but  that  thirty 
ka^Srom  leagucs  from  thence  dwelt  an  Indian  lord,  which  was  called 
spStS  "^  ^  Parocossi,  to  whom  Mococo  and  Ucita,  with  al  the  rest  of  that 
coast,  paied  tribute,  and  that  hee  peradventure  might  have 
notice  of  some  good  countrie ;  and  that  his  land  was  better 
then  that  of  the  sea  coast,  and  more  fruitfull  and  plentifull 


DON  FEEDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  33 

of  maiz  ;  whereof  the  Governour  received  great  contentment ; 
and  said,  that  he  desired  no  more  then  to  finde  victuals,  that 
hee  might  goe  into  the  mainc  land,  for  the  land  of  Florida 
was  so  large  that  in  one  place  or  other  there  could  not  chuse 
but  bee  some  rich  countrie.  The  cacique  Mococo  came  to  the 
port  to  visit  the  Governor,  and  made  this  s]3eech  following : 

Right  hie  and  mightie  Lord,  I  being  lesser  in  mine  oione 
conceit  for  to  obey  you,  then  any  of  those  which  you  have 
under  your  command  ;  and  greater  in  desire  to  doe  you 
greater  services,  doe  appeare  before  your  Lordship  xmtli  so 
much  confidence  of  receiving  favour,  as  if  in  effect  this  my 
good  will  were  manifested  unto  you  in  ivorhes  :  not  for  the 
small  service  I  did  unto  you,  touching  the  Christian  ichich  I 
had  in  my  poioer,  in  giving  him  freely  his  libei'tie  (for  L  was 
bound  to  doe  it  to  preserve  7nine  honour,  and  that  tvhich  L 
had  promised  hinij ,  but  because  it  is  the  part  of  great  men 
to  use  great  magnificences  :  and  L  am  persivaded,  that  as  in 
bodily  perfections,  and  comynanding  of  good  people,  you  doe 
exceede  all  men  in  the  tcorld,  so  lihewise  you  doe  in  the  parts 
of  the  minde,  in  which  you  may  boast  of  the  bountie  of  7iature. 
The  favour  which  I  hope  for  of  your  Lordship  is,  that  you 
woidd  hold  mee  for  yours,  and  bethinke  your  selfe  to  com- 
mand me  any  thing,  loherein  I  may  doe  you  service. 

The  Governour  answered  him,  that  although  in  freeing 
and  sending  him  the  Christian,  he  had  preserved  his  honour 
and  promise,  yet  he  thanked  him,  and  held  it  in  such 
esteeme,  as  it  had  no  comparison  ;  and  that  hee  would  alwaies 
hold  him  as  his  brother,  and  would  favour  him  in  all  things 
to  the  utmost  of  his  power.  Then  he  commanded  a  shirt  to 
be  given  him,  and  other  things,  wherewith  the  cacique  being 
verie  well  contented,  tooke  his  leave  of  him,  and  departed  to 
his  owne  towne. 


34  A  RET.ATION  OF 


CHAPTER  X. 

How  the  Goveniour  sent  the  ships  to  Cuba,  and  left  an  hundred  onen  at 
the  haven  de  iSjnrito  Santo,  and  himself  with  the  rest  of  his  people 
went  into  the  maine  land. 

From  the  port  de  Spii-ito  Santo,  where  the  Governoiir  lay, 
he  sent  the  alcalde  mayor,  Baltasar  de  Gallegos,  with  fifty 
horsemen,  and  thirty  or  forty  footemen,  to  the  province  of 
Paracossi,  to  view  the  disposition  of  the  countrie,  and  enforme 
himselfe  of  the  land  farther  inward,  and  to  send  him  word  of 
such  things  as  he  found.  Likewise  he  sent  his  shippes  backe 
to  the  island  of  Cuba,  that  they  might  returne  within  a  cer- 
taine  time  ^dth  victuals.  Yasques  Porcallo  de  Figueroa, 
which  went  with  the  Governour  as  captaine  generall  (whose 
principall  intent  was  to  send  slaves  from  Florida  to  the 
island  of  Cuba,  where  he  had  his  goods  and  mines),  having 
made  some  inrodes,  and  seeing  no  Indians  were  to  be  got, 
because  of  the  great  bogs  and  thicke  woods  that  Avere  in  the 
countrie,  considering  the  disposition  of  the  same,  determined 
to  returne  to  Cuba.  And  though  there  was  some  difference 
between  him  and  the  Governour,  whereupon  they  neither 
dealt  nor  conversed  together  with  good  countenance,  yet 
notwithstanding  with  loving  words  he  asked  him  leave  and 
Paracossi.  departed  from  him.  Baltasar  de  Gallegos  came  to  the  Para- 
cossi. There  came  to  him  thiily  Indians  from  the  cacique, 
which  was  absent  from  his  towne,  and  one  of  them  made  this 
speech. 

Paracossi,  the  Lord  of  this  province,  xohose  vassals  we  are, 
sendeth  us  unto  your  worship,  to  know  what  it  is  that  you 
seehe  i?i  this  his  countine,  and  wherein  he  may  doe  you  service. 

Baltasar  de  Gallegos  said  unto  him,  that  hee  thanked  them 
very  much  for  their  offer,  willing  them  to  warne  their  lord 
to  come  to  his  toAATie,  and  that  there  they  would  talke  and 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  35 

confirme  their  peace  and  friendship,  which  he  much  desired. 
The  Indians  went  their  way,  and  returned  the  next  day,  and 
said,  that  their  lord  was  ill  at  ease,  and  therefore  could  not 
come,  but  that  they  came  on  his  behalfe  to  see  what  he  de- 
manded. He  asked  them  if  they  knew  or  had  notice  of  any 
rich  countrie  where  there  was  gold  or  silver.  They  told 
them  they  did :  and  that  towards  the  west,  there  was  a  pro- 
vince which  was  called  Cale  ;  and  that  others  that  inhabited 
other  countries  had  warre  with  the  people  of  that  countrie, 
where  the  most  j^art  of  the  yeere  was  sommer,  and  that  there 
was  much  gold :  and  that  when  those  theii-  enemies  came  to 
make  warre  with  them  of  Cale,  these  inhabitants  of  Cale  did 
weare  hats  of  gold,  in  manner  of  head  peeces.  Baltasar  de 
Gallegos,  seeing  that  the  cacique  came  not,  thinking  all  that 
they  said  was  fained,  with  intent  that  in  the  meane  time  they 
might  set  themselves  in  safetie,  fearing,  that  if  he  did  let 
them  goe,  they  would  returne  no  more,  commanded  the 
thirty  Indians  to  be  chained,  and  sent  word  to  the  Governour, 
by  eight  horsemen,  what  had  passed  :  whereof  the  Governour 
with  al  that  were  with  him,  at  the  port  de  Spirito  Santo,  re- 
ceived great  comfort,  supj)osing  that  that  which  the  Indians 
reported  might  be  true.  Hee  left  Captaine  Calderan  at  the 
port,  with  thirtie  horsemen,  and  seventie  footemen,  with  pro- 
vision for  two  yeeres,  and  himselfe  with  all  the  rest  marched 
into  the  maine  land,  and  came  to  the  Paracossi,  at  whose  Paracoss 
towne  Baltasar  de  Gallegos  was :  and  from  thence  with  all 
his  men  tooke  the  way  to  Cale.  He  passed  by  a  little  towne, 
called  Acela,  and  came  to  another,  called  Tocaste:  and  from  Aceia. 
thence  he  went  before  with  thirtie  horsemen,  and  fiftie  foote- 
men toward  Cale.  And  passing  by  a  towne,  whence  the  Another 
people  were  fled,  they  saw  Indians  a  little  from  thence  in  a 
lake  ;  to  whom  the  interpretour  spake.  They  came  unto  a  lake. 
them  and  gave  them  an  Indian  for  a  guide  :  and  hee  came  to 
a  river  with  a  great  current,  and  upon  a  tree,  which  was  in  ^  ^wift 
the  midst  of  it,  was  made  a  bridge,  whereon  the  men  passed : 


36  A   RELATION  OF 

the  horses  swam  over  by  a  hawser  that  they  were  pulled  by 
from  the  other  side  :  for  one,  which  they  drove  in  at  the  first 
without  it,  was  drowmed.     From  thence  the  Governour  sent 
two  horsemen  to  his  people  that  were  behind,  to  make  haste 
after  him  ;   because  the  way  grew  long,  and  their  Victuals 
Gale.        short,      Hcc   came  to  Gale,  and  found  the  towne  without 
people.     He  tooke  three  Indians  which  were  spies,  and  tar- 
ried there  for  his  people  that  came  after,  which  were  sore 
vexed  with  hunger  and  evill  waies,  because  the  countrie  was 
very  barren  of  maiz,  Ioav,  and  full  of  w^ater,  bogs,  and  thicke 
woods ;  and  the  victuals  which  they  brought  with  them  from 
the  port  de  Spirito  Santo,  were  spent.      "Wheresoever  any 
towne  was  founde,  there  were  some  beetes,^  and  hee  that  came 
first  gathered  them,  and  sodden  with  w^ater  and  salt,  did  eate 
them  without  any  other  thing  :  and  such  as  could  not  get 
them,  gathered  the  stalkes  of  maiz  and  eate  them  ;  which,  be- 
cause they  w^ere  young,  had  no  maiz  in  them.     "Wlien  they 
came  to  the   river  which  the  Governour  had  passed,  they 
found  palmitos  upon  low  palme  trees,  like  those  of  Andaluzia. 
There  they  met  with  the  two  horsemen  w^hich  the  Governour 
sent  unto  them,  and  they  brought  newes  that  in  Cale  there 
was  plentie  of  maiz  ;   at  which  newes  they  all  rejoyced.     As 
soone    as    they   came   to   Cale,   the   Governour   commanded 
them  to  gather  all  the  maiz  that  was  rij)e  in  the  field,  which 
was  sufficient  for  three  moneths.     At  the  gathering  of  it  the 
Indians  killed  three  Christians,  and  one  of  them  which  w^ere 
taken  told  the  Governour,  that  within  seven  dales  journie, 
there  was   a  very  great  province,  and  plentifull   of  maize, 
w^hich  was   called  Apalache.     And  presently  hee  departed 
from  Cale  with  fifty  horsemen,  and  sixty  footemen.     He  left 
the  master  of  the  campe,  Luys  de  Moscoso,  with  all  the  rest 
of  the  people  there,  with  charge  that  hee  should  not  depart 
thence  untill  he  had  word  from  him.     And  because  hitherto 
none  had  gotten  any  slaves,  the  bread  that  every  one  was  to 

^  Probably  related  to  the  beetroot,  and  used  as  a  salad. 


DON  FERUINANDO  DE  SOTO.  O  i 

eate,  he  was  faine  himselfe  to  beate  in  a  morter  made  in  a 
peece  of  timber,  with  a  pestle,  and  some  of  them  did  sift  the 
flower  through  their  shirts  of  maile.  They  baked  their  bread 
upon  certaine  tileshares  which  they  set  over  the  fire,  in  such 
sort  as  heretofore  I  have  said  they  use  to  doe  in  Cuba.  It 
is  so  troublesome  to  grind  their  maiz,  that  there  were  many 
that  would  rather  not  eate  it,  then  grind  it :  and  did  eate  the 
maiz  parched  and  sodden. 


CHAPTER    XI. 


How  the  Governour  came  to  Caliquen,  and  carrying  from  thence  the  cacique 
with  him  went  to  Napetuca,  lohere  the  Indians  sought  to  have  taken 
him  from  him,  and  in  an  assault  many  of  them  were  slaine,  and 
taken  prisoners. 

The  11  day  of  August  1539,  the  Governour  departed  from 
Cale  ;  hee  lodged  in  a  little  town  called  Ytara,  and  the  next  Ytaia. 
day  in  another  called  Potano,  and  the  third  day  at  Utinama,  Potnao. 
and  came  to  another  towne,  which  they  named  the  towne  of 
Evill  Peace  ;  because  an  Indian  came  in  peace,  savins,  that  The  towne  of 

'      ^  •  .  .  E^'ill  Peace. 

he  was  the  cacique,  and  that  he  with  his  people  would  serve 
the  Governour,  and  that  if  he  would  set  free  twenty-eight 
persons,  men  and  women,  which  his  men  had  taken  the  night 
before,  he  would  command  provision  to  be  brought  him,  and 
would  give  him  a  guide  to  instruct  him  in  his  way.  The 
Governour  commanded  them  to  be  set  at  libertie,  and  to 
keepe  him  in  safegard.  The  next  day  in  the  morning  there 
came  many  Indians,  and  set  themselves  round  about  the 
toAvne  neere  to  a  wood.  The  Indian  wished  them  to  carrie 
him  neere  them  ;  and  that  he  would  speake  unto  them,  and 
assure  them,  and  that  they  would  doe  whatsoever  hee  com- 
manded them.  And  when  he  saw  himselfe  neere  unto  them 
he  brake  from  them,  and  ran  away  so  swiftly  from  the  Chris- 
tians, that  there  was  none  that  could  overtake  him,  and  all 


38  A  RELATION  OF 

of  them  fled  into  the  woods.      The  Governour  commanded 
to  loose  a  grayhound,  which  Avas  alreadie  fleshed  on  them, 
which  passing  by  many  other  Indians,  caught  the  counterfait 
cacique,  which  had  escaj^ed  from  the  Christians,  and  held 
him  till  they  came  to  take  him.    From  thence  the  Governour 
choiuiuiha.  lodged  at  a  towne  called   Cholupaha  :    and  because  it  had 
store  of  maiz  in  it,  they  named  it  Villa  farta.     Beyond  the 
A  river.       sauic  thcrc  was   a  river,  on  which  he  made   a   bridge   of 
timber,  and  travelled  two  daies  through  a  desert.    The  17  of 
caiiquen.     August,  hc  camc  to  Caliqucu,  where  he  was  informed  of  the 
province  of  Apalache.     They  told  him  that  Pamphilo   de 
Narvaez  had  bin  there,  and  that  there  hee  tooke  shipping, 
because  hee  could  find  no  way  to  goe  forward  :    that  there 
was  none  other  towne  at  al ;  but  that  on  both  sides  was  all 
water.     The  whole  companie  were  very  sad  for  these  newes  ; 
and  counselled  the  Governour  to  goe  backe  to  the  port  de 
Spirito  Santo,  and  to  abandon  the  countrie  of  Florida,  lest 
hee  should  perish  as  Narvaez  had  done  :  declaring,  that  if 
he  went  forward,  he  could  not  returne  backe  when  he  would, 
and  that  the  Indians  would  gather  up  that  small  quantitie  of 
maiz  which  was  left.     Whereunto  the  Governour  answered, 
that  he  would  not  go  backe,  till  he  had  seen  with  his  eies 
that  which  they  reported  ;  saying,  that  hee  could  not  beleeve 
it,  and  that  wee  should  be  put  out  of  doubt  before  it  were 
long.     And  he  sent  to  Luys  de  Moscoso  to  come  presently 
from   Gale,   and   that  he  tarried  for  him  here.      Luys   de 
Moscoso  and  many  others  thought,  that  from  Apalache  they 
should  returne  backe  ;   and  in  Gale  they  buried  their  yron 
tooles,  and  divers  other  things.    They  came  to  Caiiquen  Avith 
great  trouble  ;    because  the  countrie,  which  the  Governour 
had  passed  by,  was  spoiled  and  destitute  of  maiz.     After  all 
the  people  were  come  together,  hee  commanded  a  bridge  to 
A  river.       bc  madc  over  a  river  that  passed  neere  the  toAvne. 

Hee  departed  from  Caiiquen  the  10  of  vSeptember,  and  car- 
ried the  cacique  Avith  him.  After  hee  had  travelled  three  daies. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  39 

there  came  Indians  peaceably,  to  visit  their  lord,  and  every 
day  met  us  on  the  way  playing  u2:)on  flutes  :  which  is  a  token 
that  they  use,  that  men  may  know  that  they  come  in  peace. 
They  said,  that  in  our  way  before  there  was  a  cacique,  whose 
name  was  Uzachil,  a  kinseman  of  the  cacique  of  Caliquen 
their  lord,  waiting  for  him  with  many  presents,  and  they 
desired  the  Governor  that  he  would  loose  the  cacique.  But 
he  would  not,  fearing  that  they  would  rise,  and  would  not 
give  him  any  guides,  and  sent  them  away  from  day  to  day 
with  good  words.  He  travelled  five  daies,  he  passed  by 
some  small  townes,  he  came  to  a  towne  called  Napetuca,  the  ^°"^^  ^^^^^ 
15  day  of  September.  Thither  came  fourteen  or  fifteen  ^^i'^*"*'^- 
Indians,  and  besought  the  governor  to  let  loose  the  cacique 
of  Caliquen  their  lord.  He  answered  them  that  he  held  him 
not  in  prison,  but  that  hee  would  have  him  to  accompanie 
him  to  Uzachil.  The  Governour  had  notice  by  John  Ortiz, 
that  an  Indian  told  him  how  they  determined  to  gather  them- 
selves together,  and  come  upon  him,  and  give  him  battell, 
and  take  away  the  cacique  from  him.  The  day  that  it  was 
agreed  upon,  the  Governour  commanded  his  men  to  bee  in  a 
readines,  and  that  the  horsemen  should  bee  readie  armed  and 
on  horsebacke  every  one  in  his  lodging,  because  the  Indians 
might  not  see  them,  and  so  more  confidently  come  to  the 
towne.  There  came  foure  hundred  Indians  in  sight  of  the 
campe  with  their  bowes  and  arrowes,  and  placed  themselves 
in  a  wood,  and  sent  two  Indians  to  bid  the  Governour  to 
deliver  them  the  cacique.  The  Governour,  with  sixe  foote- 
men  leading  the  cacique  by  the  hand,  and  talking  with  him, 
to  secure  the  Indians,  went  toward  the  place  where  they 
were  :  and  seeing  a  fit  time,  commanded  to  sound  a  trumpet : 
and  presently  those  that  were  in  the  towne  in  the  houses, 
both  horse  and  foot,  set  upon  the  Indians,  which  were  so 
suddenly  assaulted  that  the  greatest  care  they  had  was 
which  way  they  should  flee.  They  killed  two  horses  ;  one 
was  the  Governour's,  and   he   was  presently  horsed  againe 


40  A  RELATION  OF 

upon  anotlier.     There  were  thirty  or   forty  Indians  slaine. 
Twovei-y      The  rest  fled  to  two  very  great  lakes,  that  were  somewhat 

great  lakes.  /^  i  i  t  i  •  • 

distant  the  one  from  the  other  :  there  they  were  swmimmg, 
and  the  Clii'istians  round  about  them.  The  calievermen  and 
crossebowmen  shot  at  them  from  the  banke  ;  but  the  distance 
being  great,  and  shooting  afarre  off,  they  did  them  no  hurt. 
The  Governour  commanded  that  the  same  night  they  should 
compasse  one  of  the  lakes,  because  they  were  so  great,  that 
there  were  not  men  enow  to  compasse  them  both.  Being  beset 
as  soone  as  night  shut  in,  the  Indians,  with  determination  to 
runne  away,  came  swimming  very  softly  to  the  banke ;  and 
to  hide  themselves,  they  put  a  water -lillie  leafe  on  their 
heads.  The  horsemen,  as  soone  as  they  perceived  it  to  stirre, 
ran  into  the  water  to  the  horses  breasts,  and  the  Indians  fled 
againe  into  the  lake.  So  this  night  passed  without  any  rest 
on  both  sides.  John  Ortiz  persuaded  them,  that  seeing 
they  could  not  escape,  they  should  yeeld  themselves  to  the 
Governour :  which  they  did,  enforced  thereunto  by  the  cold- 
ness of  the  water  ;  and  one  by  one,  hee  first  whom  the  cold 
did  first  overcome,  cried  to  John  Ortiz,  desiring  that  they 
would  not  kill  him,  for  he  came  to  j)ut  himselfe  into  the 
hands  of  the  Governour.  By  the  morning  watch  they  made 
an  end  of  yeelding  themselves :  only  twelve  principall  men, 
being  more  honorable  and  valorous  then  the  rest,  resolved 
rather  to  die  then  to  come  into  his  hands.  And  the  Indians 
of  Paracossi,  which  were  now  loosed  out  of  chaines,  went 
swimming  to  them,  and  pulled  them  out  by  the  haire  of  their 
heads,  and  they  were  all  put  in  chaines ;  and  the  next  day 
were  divided  among  the  Christians  for  their  service. 
A  new  Beina:  thus  in  captivitie,  they  determined  to  rebell ;  and 

oonspiracie.  o  r  '  ^ 

gave  in  charge  to  an  Indian,  which  was  interpretour,  and  held 
to  be  valiant,  that  as  soone  as  the  Governour  did  come  to  speake 
with  him,  he  should  cast  his  hands  about  his  necke,  and 
choke  him :  who,  when  he  saw  opportunitie,  laid  hands  on 
\\\^e  Governour,  and  before  he  cast  his  hands  about  his  neck. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  41 

he  gave  him  such  a  blow  on  the  nostrils,  that  hee  made  them 
gush  out  with  blood,  and  presently  all  the  rest  did  rise.  He 
that  could  get  any  weapons  at  hand,  or  the  handle  where- 
with he  did  grind  the  maiz,  sought  to  kill  his  master,  or  the 
first  hee  met  before  him  :  and  hee  that  could  sfet  a  lance  or 
sword  at  hand,  bestirred  himselfe  in  such  sort  with  it,  as 
though  he  had  used  it  all  his  life  time.  One  Indian  in  the 
market-place,  enclosed  betweene  fifteen  or  twenty  footemen, 
made  away  like  a  bull,  with  a  sword  in  his  hand,  till  cer- 
taine  halbardiers  of  the  Governour  came,  which  killed  him : 
another  got  up  with  a  lance  to  a  loft  made  of  canes,  which 
they  build  to  keepe  their  maiz  in,  which  they  call  a  barbacoa, 
and  there  hee  made  such  a  noise,  as  though  tenne  men  had 
been  there  defending  the  doore  ;  they  slew  him  with  a  parti- 
san. The  Indians  were  in  all  about  two  hundred  men.  Two  hun- 
They  were  all  subdued.  And  some  of  the  youngest  the  taken.^  '^"^ 
Governour  gave  to  them  which  had  good  chaines,  and  were 
carefull  to  looke  to  them  that  they  gat  not  away.  Al  the 
rest  he  commanded  to  be  put  to  death,  being  tied  to  a  stake 
in  the  midst  of  the  market-place  ;  and  the  Indians  of  the 
Paracossi  did  shoote  them  to  death. 


CHAPTER    XII. 


A  river. 


How  the  Governour  came  to  Apalache,  and  was  informed,  that  within  the 
land  there  loas  much  Gold. 

The  Governour  departed  from  Napetuca  the  23  of  Sep- 
tember ;  he  lodged  by  a  river,  where  two  Indians  brought 
him  a  buck  from  the  cacique  of  Uzachil.     The  next  day  he 
passed  by  a  great   towne   called  Hapaluya,  and   lodged  at  ^^Pfjj;,^,;^^ 
Uzachil,  and  found  no  people  in  it,  because  they  durst  not  uzarhii. 

G 


42  A  RELATION  OF 

tarrie,  lor  tlie  notice   the  Indians  had  of   the   slaughter  of 
NajDCtuca.       He  found  in  that   towne  great  store  of  maiz, 

*  Abobaras.  french  beanes,  and  pompions,*  which  is  their  foode,  and 
that  wherewith  the  Christians  there  sustained  themselves  ; 
the  maiz  is  like  coarse  millet,  and  the  pompions  are  bet- 
ter and  more  savorie  then  those  of  Spaine.  From  thence 
the  Governour  sent  two  captaines,  each  a  sundry  way,  to 
seeke  the  Indians.  They  tooke  an  ^  hundred  men  and 
women ;  of  which,  aswel  there  as  in  other  places  where  they 
made  any  inrodes,  the  captaine  chose  one  or  two  for  the 
Governour,  and  di\dded  the  rest  to  himselfe,  and  those  that 
went  with  him.  They  led  these  Indians  in  chaines  with 
yron  collars  about  their  neckes ;  and  they  served  to  carrie 
their  stuffe,  and  to  grind  their  maiz,  and  for  other  services 
that  such  captives  could  doe.  Sometimes  it  happened,  that 
going  for  wood  or  maiz  with  them,  they  killed  the  Christian 
that  led  them,  and  ran  away  with  the  chaine ;  others  filed 
their  chaines  by  night  with  a  peece  of  stone,  wherewith  they 
cut  them,  and  use  instead  of  yron.  Those  that  were  per- 
ceived paid  for  themselves,  and  for  the  rest,  because  they 
should  not  dare  to  doe  the  like  another  time.  The  women 
and  young  boyes,  when  they  were  once  an  hundred  leagues 
from  their  countrie,  and  had  forgotten  things,  they  let  goe 
loose,  and  so  they  served ;  and  in  a  very  short  space  they 
understood  the  language  of  the  Christians.  From  Uzachil 
the  Governour  departed  toward  Aj)alache,  and  in  two  daies 

Axiiie.  journie  hee  came  to  a  towne  called  Axille,  and  from  thence 
forward  the  Indians  were  carelesse,  because  they  had  as  yet 
no  notice  of  the  Christians. 

The  next  day  in  the  morning,  the  first  of  October,  he 
departed  from  thence,  and  commanded  a  bridge  to  bee  made 

A  river.  ovcr  a  rivcr,  which  hee  was  to  passe.  The  deepe  of  the 
river  where  the  bridge  was  made,  was  a  stones  cast,  and 
forward  a  crossebow  shot,  the  water  came  to  the  waste  ;  and 
the  wood,  whereby  the  Indians  came  to  see  if  they  could 


Uzela. 

Anaica 

Apalaehe. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  43 

defend  the  passage,  and  disturbe  those  which  made  the 
bridge,  was  very  hie  and  thicke.  The  crossebow  men  so 
bestirred  themselves,  that  they  made  them  give  back ;  and 
certain  plancks  were  cast  into  the  river,  whereon  the  men 
passed,  which  made  good  the  passage.  The  Governor  passed 
upon  Wednesday,  which  was  S.  Francis  his  day,  and  lodged 
at  a  towne  which  was  called  Vitachuco,  subject  to  Apalaehe ;  vitacimco. 
he  found  it  burning,  for  the  Indians  had  set  it  on  fire.  From 
thence  forward  the  countrie  was  much  inhabited,  and  had 
great  store  of  maiz.  Hee  passed  by  many  granges,  like 
hamlets.  On  Sunday  the  25  of  October,  he  came  to  a  towne,  October  29. 
which  is  called  Uzela,  and  u23on  Tuesday  to  Anaica  Apalaehe,  Inaica 
where  the  lord  of  all  that  countrie  and  province  was  resi 
dent ;  in  which  towne  the  campe  master,  whose  office  it  is  to 
quarter  out  and  lodge  men,  did  lodge  all  the  companie  round 
about  within  a  league  and  halfe  a  league  of  it.  There  were 
other  townes,  where  was  great  store  of  maiz,  pompions,  french 
beanes,  and  plummes  of  the  countrie,  which  are  better  then 
those  of  Spaine,  and  they  grow  in  the  fields  without  plant- 
ing. The  victuals  that  were  thought  necessarie  to  passe  the 
winter,  were  gathered  from  these  townes  to  Anaica  Apalaehe.  Apalaehe 

within  ten 

The  Governour  was  informed  that  the  sea  was  ten  leao^ues  leagues  of 

^  the  sea. 

from  thence.  Hee  presently  sent  a  captaine  thither  with 
horsemen  and  footemen ;  and  sixe  leagues  on  the  way  he 
found  a  towne,  which  was  named  Ochete,  and  so  came  to  the  ochete. 
sea,  and  found  a  great  tree  felled,  and  cut  into  peeces,  with  The  sea. 
stakes  set  up  like  mangers,  and  saw  the  skuUes  of  horses. 
Hee  returned  with  this  newes.  And  that  was  held  for  cer- 
taine,  which  was  reported  of  Pamphilo  de  Narvaez,  that 
there  hee  had  builded  the  barkes  wherewith  he  went  out  of 
the  land  of  Florida,  and  was  cast  away  at  sea.  Presently 
the  Governour  sent  John  Danusco,  with  thirty  horsemen,  to 
the  port  de  Sj)iritu  Santo,  where  Calderan  was,  with  order 
that  they  should  abandon  the  port,  and  all  of  them  come  to 
Apalaehe.     He  departed  on  Saturday,  the  17  of  November. 


44  A  RELATION  OF 

In  Uzachil  and  other  townes  that  stood  in  the  way  he  found 
great  store  of  people  alreadie  carelesse.  Hee  would  take 
none  of  the  Indians,  for  not  hindring  himselfc,  because  it 
behooved  him  to  give  them  no  Icasurc  to  gather  themselves 
together.  He  jjassed  through  the  townes  by  night,  and 
rested  without  the  townes  three  or  foure  houres.  In  tenne 
The  Port  de  daics  he  Came  to  the  port  de  Spirito  Santo.    He  carried  with 

SpirituSanto  -"^  •'- 

!*^^!!I.?"i<,')v",;!  him  twenty  Indian  women,  w^hich  he  tooke  in  Ytara,  and 
p  ac  e.     pQ|-aiio^  neere  unto  Cale,  and  sent  them  to  Donna  Isabella 
in  the  two  caravels  which  hee  sent  from  the  j^ort  de  Spirito 
Santo  to  Cuba.     And  he   carried  all  the  footemen  in  the 
brigandines,  and  coasting  along  the  shore,  came  to  A]3alache. 
And  Calderan  with  the  horsemen,  and  some  crossebowmen 
on  foote,  went  by  land ;   and  in  some  places  the  Indians  set 
upon  him  and  wounded  some  of  his  men.     As  soone  as  he 
came    to    Apalache,   presently    the    Governour    sent    sawed 
plankes  and  spikes  to  the  sea-side,  wherewith  was  made  a 
piragua  or  barke,  wherein  were  embarked  thirty  men  well 
armed,  which  went  out  of  the  bay  to  the  sea,  looking  for 
the  brigandines.     Sometimes  they  fought  with  the  Indians, 
which  passed  along   the  harbour  in  their   canoes.      Upon 
Novem.  20.    Satui'day,    the   29th   of  Xovember,  there   came  an   Indian 
through  the  watch  undiscovered,  and  set  the  to^\aie  on  fire, 
and  with  the  great  w4nd  that  blew,  two  parts  of  it  were  con- 
Decem.  '28.    sumcd  iu  a  short  time.     On  Sonday,  the  28  of  December, 
came  John  Danusco  with  the  brigandines.     The  Governour 
sent  Francisco  Maldonado,  a  captaine  of  footemen,  with  fifty 
men  to  discover  the  coast  westward,  and  to  seeke  some  port, 
because  he  had  determined  to  go  by  land,  and  discover  that 
part.     That  day  there  went  out  eight  horsemen  by   com- 
mandement  of  the  Governor  into  the  field,  two  leagues  about 
the  towne,  to  seeke  Indians ;  for  they  were  now  so  embold- 
ened, that  within  two  crossebow  shot  of  the  camp,  they  came 
and  slew  men.     They  found  two  men  and  a  woman  gathering 
french  bcanes  ;  the  men,  though  they  might  have  fled,  yet 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  45 

because  they  would  not  leave  the  woman,  which  Avas  one  of 
then-  wives,  they  resolved  to  die  fighting ;  and  before  they 
were  slaine,  they  wounded  three  horses,  whereof  one  died 
within  a  few  daies  after.  Calderan  going  with  his  men  by 
the  sea  coast,  from  a  wood  that  was  neere  the  place,  the 
Indians  set  upon  him,  and  made  him  forsake  his  way,  and 
many  of  them  that  went  with  him  forsooke  some  necessarie 
victuals,  which  they  carried  with  them. 

Three  or  foure  daies  after  the  limited  time  given  by  the 
Governour  to  Maldonado  for  his  going  and  comming,  being 
alreadie  determined  and  resolved,  if  within  eight  daies  he 
did  not  come,  to  tarrie  no  longer  for  him ;  he  came,  and 
brought  an  Indian,  from  a  province  which  was  called  Ochus,  Ochus  sixty 

leagues  west 

sixtie  leagues  westward  from  Apalache,  where  he  had  found  of  Apaiache. 
a  good  port,  of  good  depth  and  defense  against  weather. 
And  because  the  Governor  hoped  to  find  a  good  countrie 
forward,  he  was  very  well  contented.  And  he  sent  Mal- 
donado for  victuals  to  Havana,  with  order  that  he  should 
tarrie  for  him  at  the  port  of  Ochus,  which  hee  had  disco- 
vered, for  hee  would  goe  seeke  it  by  land ;  and  if  he  should 
chance  to  stay  and  not  come  thither  that  summer,  that  then 
hee  should  returne  to  Havana,  and  should  come  againe  the 
next  summer  after,  and  tarrie  for  him  at  that  port ;  for  hee 
said  hee  would  doe  none  other  thing  but  goe  to  seeke 
Ochus.  Francisco  Maldonado  departed,  and  in  his  place 
for  captaine  of  the  footemen  remained  John  de  Guzman. 

Of  those  Indians  which  were  taken  in  ISTapetuca,  the  chap.  ii. 
treasurer,  John  Gaytan,  had  a  young  man,  which  said  that  he 
was  not  of  that  countrie,  but  of  another  farre  off  toward  the 
sunrising,  and  that  it  was  long  since  he  had  travelled  to  see 
countries ;  and  that  his  countrie  was  called  Yupaha,  and 
that  a  woman  did  governe  it ;  and  that  the  towne  where  she 
was  resident  was  of  a  wonderfull  bignesse,  and  that  many 
lords  round  about  were  tributaries  to  her ;  and  some  gave 
her  clothes,  and  others  gold  in  abundance ;  and  hee  told  how  ^/"gdld™'^ 


46  A  RELATION  OF 

it  was  taken  out  of  tlie  mines,  and  was  moulten  and  refined, 
as  if  hee  had  seene  it  done,  or  the  divel  had  taught  it  him. 
So  that  all  those  which  knew  any  thing  concerning  the  same, 
said  that  it  was  impossible  to  give  so  good  a  relation  with- 
out having  seene  it ;  and  all  of  them,  as  if  they  had  seene  it, 
by  the  signes  that  he  gave,  beleeved  all  that  he  said  to  be 
true. 


CHAPTER    XIII. 


How  the  Governour  departed  from  Apalache  to  seeke  Yujxiha,  and  of  that 
which  happened  unto  him. 

March  the  3,  Oi^  Wednesday  the  thii'd  of  March,  of  the  yeere  1540,  the 
Governor  departed  from  Anaica  Apalache  to  seeke  Yupaha. 
He  commanded  his  men  to  goe  provided  with  maiz  for  sixtie 
leagues  of  desert.  The  horsemen  carried  their  maiz  on  their 
horses,  and  the  footemen  at  their  sides  :  because  the  Indians 
that  were  for  service,  with  their  miserable  life  that  they  lead 
that  winter,  being  naked  and  in  chaines,  died  for  the  most 

A  great       part.    A^'itliiu  foure  dales  iournie  thev  came  to  a  ffreat  river  : 

river.  -•■  j  ^  o  ^ 

and  they  made  a  piragua  or  ferric  bote,  and  because  of  the 
great  current,  they  made  a  cable  with  chaines,  which  they 
fastened  on  both  sides  of  the  river  ;  and  the  ferrie  bote  went 
along  by  it ;  and  the  horses  swam  over,  being  drawne  with 
capstans.  Ha\T.ng  passed  the  river,  in  a  day  and  an  halfe  they 
capachiiiui.  came  to  a  toTvne  called  Capachiqui.  Upon  Friday,  the  11 
of  March,  they  found  Indians  in  armes.  The  next  day  five 
Christians  went  to  seeke  morters,  which  the  Indians  have  to 
beate  their  maiz,  and  they  went  to  certaine  houses  on  the 
backside  of  the  campe  environed  with  a  wood  :  and  within 
the  wood  were  many  Indians  which  came  to  spic  us  ;   of  the 


DON  FEKDINANDO  T)E  SOTO.  47 

wliich  came  other  five  and  set  upon  us.  One  of  the  Chris- 
tians came  running  away,  giving  an  alarme  unto  the  campe. 
Those  which  were  most  readie  answered  the  alarme.  They 
found  one  Christian  dead,  and  three  sore  wounded.  The 
Indians  fled  unto  a  lake  adjoining  neere  a  very  thicke  wood, 
where  the  horses  could  not  enter.  The  Governour  departed 
from  Capachiqui,  and  passed  through  a  desert.  On  Wednes- 
day, the  21  of  the  moneth,  he  came  to  a  towne  called  Toalli. 
And  from  thence  forward  there  was  a  difference  in  the  houses  ; 
for  those  which  were  behind  us  were  thatched  with  straw, 
and  those  of  Toalli  were  covered  with  reeds,  in  manner  of  Toain. 
tiles.  These  houses  are  verie  cleanly.  Some  of  them  had 
walles  daubed  with  clay,  which  shewed  like  a  mud  wall.  In 
all  the  cold  countrie  the  Indians  have  every  one  a  house  for 
the  winter,  daubed  with  clay  within  and  without,  and  the 
doore  is  very  little  :  they  shut  it  by  night,  and  make  fire 
within ;  so  that  they  are  in  it  as  warme  as  a  stove :  and  so  it 
continueth  all  night  that  they  need  not  clothes  :  and  besides 
these,  they  have  others  for  summer ;  and  their  kitchins  neere 
them,  where  they  make  fire  and  bake  their  bread :  and  they 
have  barbacoas  wherein  they  keepe  their  maiz  ;  which  is  an 
house  set  up  in  the  aire  upon  foure  stakes,  boorded  about 
like  a  chamber,  and  the  floor e  of  it  is  of  cane  hurdles.  The 
diflerence  which  lords  or  principall  mens  houses  have  from 
the  rest,  besides  they  be  greater,  is,  that  they  have  great 
galleries  in  their  fronts,  and  under  them  seates  made  of  canes 
in  manner  of  benches ;  and  round  about  them  they  have 
many  lofts,  wherein  they  lay  up  that  w^hich  the  Indians  doe 
give  them  for  tribute,  which  is  maiz,  deeres  skins,  and 
mantles  of  the  countrie,  which  are  like  blankets  :  they  make 
them  of  the  inner  rinde  of  the  barkes  of  trees,  and  some  of  a 
kind  of  grasse  like  unto  nettles,  which  being  beaten,  is  like  Agrasseiike 
unto  flaxe.  The  women  cover  themselves  with  these  mantles  ; 
they  put  one  about  them  from  the  wast  downeward ;  and 
another  over  their  shoulder,  with  their  right  arme  out,  like 


48  A  RELATION  OF 

unto  the  Egyptians.^  The  men  wearc  but  one  mantle  upon 
their  shoulders  after  the  same  manner :  and  have  then'  secrets 
hid  Avith  a  deeres  skins,  made  like  a  linen  breech,  which  was 
wont  to  be  used  in  Spaine.  The  skins  arc  well  corried,  and 
Fxceiier.t     thcv  ffivc  thcui  what  colour  they  list,  so  perfect,  that  if  it  be 

colours.  Jo 

red,  it  seemeth  a  yery  fine  cloth  in  graine,  and  the  blacke  is 
most  fine :  and  of  the  same  leather  they  make  shooes  ;  and 
they  die  their  mantles  in  the  same  colours.  The  Goyernour 
departed  from  Toalli  the  24  of  March :  he  came  on  Thursday 

A  small  at  evening  to  a  small  river,  where  a  bridge  was  made  whereon 
the  people  passed,  and  Benit  Fernandez,  a  Portugall,  fell  ofiT 
from  it,  and  was  droT\aied.  As  soone  as  the  Governour  had 
passed  the  river,  a  little  distance  thence  he  found  a  to^^aie 

Achese.  callcd  Achcsc.  The  Indians  had  no  notice  of  the  Christians: 
they  leaped  into  a  river :  some  men  and  women  were  taken  ; 
among  which  was  one  that  understood  the  youth  which 
guided  the  Governour  to  Yupaha  :  whereby  that  which  he 
had  reported  was  more  confirmed.  For  they  had  passed 
thi'ough  countries  of  divers  languages,  and  some  which  he 
understood  not.  The  Governour  sent  by  one  of  the  Indians 
that  w^ere  taken  to  call  the  cacique,  which  was  on  the  other 
side  of  the  river.  Hee  came  and  made  this  speech  fol- 
lowing : 

Bight  high,  right  mightie,  and  excellent  lord,  those  tilings 
which  seldome  happen  doe  cause  admiration.  What  then 
may  the  sight  of  your  lordship  and  your  people  doe  to  mee 
and  mine,  ichoni  ive  neter  saio  ?  especially  bei?ig  mou?ited  on 
such  fierce  leasts  as  your  horses  are,  entring  icith  such  vio- 
lence and  furie  into  my  countrie,  without  my  hnoioledge  of 
your  comming.  It  teas  a  thing  so  strange,  and  caused  such 
feare  and  terrour  in  our  mindes,  that  it  loas  not  in  our  power 
to  stay  and  receive  your  lordship  icith  the  solemnitie  due  to 
so  high  and  renowned  a  prince^  as  your  lordship  is.     And 

•  i.e.,  the  gipsies. 


DON  FERDTNANDO  DE  SOTO.  49 

trusting  in  your  greatnesse  and  singular  vertues^  I  doe  not  onely 
hope  to  be  freed  from  blame,  but  also  to  receive  favours :  and 
the  first  lohich  I  demand  of  your  lordship  is,  that  you  will 
use  me,  my  countrie,  ayid  subjects  as  your  oiane  :  and  the 
second,  that  you  will  tell  me  who  you  are,  and  whe^ice  you 
come,  and  whither  you  goe,  and  what  you  seeke,  that  I  the 
better  may  serve  you  therein. 

The  Governour  answered  him,  that  hee  thanked  him  as 
much  for  his  offer  and  good  will,  as  if  hee  had  received  it, 
and  as  if  hee  had  offered  him  a  great  treasure :  and  told  him 
that  he  was  the  sonne  of  the  sun,  and  came  from  those  parts 
where  he  dwelt,  and  travelled  through  that  countrie,  and 
sought  the  greatest  lord  and  richest  province  that  was  in  it. 
The  cacique  told  him,  that  farther  forward  dwelt  a  great 
lord,  and  that  his   dominion  was  called   Ocute.     He   gave 
him  a  guide,  and  an  interpretour  for  that  province.     The 
Governour  commanded  his  Indians  to  bee  set  free,  and  tra- 
velled throus'h  his  countrie  up  a  river  very  well  inhabited,  a  river  very 
He  departed  from  his  towne  the  first  of  Apl^ill ;  and  left  a  ^'^^'''^• 
very  high  crosse  of  wood  set  up  in  the  middest  of  the  market 
place  ;  and  because  the  time  gave  no  more  leasure,  hee  de- 
clared to  him  onely,  that  that  crosse  was  a  memorie  of  the 
same,  whereon  Christ,  which  was  God  and  man,  and  created 
the  heavens  and  the  earth,  suffered  for  our  salvation  :  there- 
fore he  exhorted  them  that  they  should  reverence  it :    and 
they  made  shew  as  though  they  w^ould  doe  so.     The  fourth 
of  Aprill  the  Governour  passed  by  a  towne  called  Altamaca,  Aitamaca. 
and  the   10  of  the  moneth  he  came  to  Ocute.     The  cacique  ocute. 
sent  him  two  thousand  Indians  with  a  present,  to  wit,  many 
conies,  and  partriges,  bread  of  maiz,  two  hens,  and  many  conies,  par- 
dogs  :  which  among  the  Christians  were  esteemed  as  if  they  do|ge's. 
had  been  fat  wethers,  because   of  the  great  want  of  flesh 
meate  and  salt,  and  hereof  in  many  places  and  many  times 
was  great  need  ;  and  they  were  so  scarse,  that  if  a  man  fell 
sicke,  there  was  nothing  to  cherish  him  withall ;  and  with  a 

H 


50  A    RELATION    OF 

sicknesse,  that  in  another  place  easilie  might  have  been  re- 
medied, he  consumed  away  till  nothing  but  skinne  and  bones 
were  left :  and  they  died  of  pure  weaknes,  some  of  them 
saying,  If  I  had  a  slice  of  meate,  or  a  few  cornes  of  salt,  I 
should  not  die.  The  Indians  want  no  fleshnieat :  for  they 
kill  with  their  arrowes  many  deere,  hennes,  conies,  and  other 
wild  fowle  :  for  they  are  very  cunning  at  it :  which  skill  the 
Christians  had  not :  and  though  they  had  it,  they  had  no 
leisure  to  use  it :  for  the  most  part  of  the  time  they  spent  in 
travell,  and  dui'st  not  presume  to  straggle  aside.  And  be- 
cause they  were  thus  scanted  of  flesh,  when  sixe  hundred  men 
that  went  with  Soto,  came  to  any  to^^aie,  and  found  thirty  or 
forty  dogs,  he  that  could  get  one  and  kill  it,  thought  himselfe 
no  small  man  :  and  he  that  killed  it,  and  gave  not  his  cap- 
taine  one  quarter,  if  he  knew  it,  he  frowned  on  him,  and 
made  him  feele  it,  in  the  watches,  or  in  any  other  matter  of 
labour  that  was  offered,  wherein  hee  might  doe  him  a  dis- 
pleasure. On  Monday  the  IS  of  Aprill,  the  Governour  de- 
parted from  Gcute  :  the  cacique  gave  him  two  hundred 
Tamenes,  to  wit,  Indians  to  carrie  burdens  :  hee  passed 
cofaqtii.  through  a  towne,  the  lord  whereof  was  named  Cofaqui,  and 
ratofa.  came  to  a  province  of  an  Indian  lord,  called  Patofa,  who, 
because  he  was  in  peace  with  the  lord  of  Ocute,  and  with 
the  other  bordering  lords,  had  many  daies  before  notice  of 
the  Governour,  and  desired  to  see  him :  he  came  to  \isit  him, 
and  made  this  speech  following. 

Mightie  lord,  now  with  good  reason  I  loill  crave  of  fortune 
to  requite  this  my  so  great  prosperitie  xoith  some  small  adver- 
sitie  ;  and  I  loill  count  myself e  verie  rich,  seeing  I  have  ob- 
tained that,  tvhich  in  this  world  I  most  desired,  ivhich  is,  to 
see,  and  he  able  to  doe  your  lordship  some  service.  And 
although  the  tongue  bee  the  image  of  that  ivhich  is  in  the 
heart,  and  that  the  contentment  ivhich  I  feele  in  my  heart  I 
cannot  dissemble,  yet  it  is  not  sufficient  loholly  to  manifest 
the   same.       Where  did   this   your  countrie,  ivhich    I  doe 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  51 

governe,  deserve  to  he  visited  of  so  soveraigne  mid  so  excel- 
lent  a  prince,  tvhom  all  the  rest  of  the  loorld  ought  to  obey 
a7id  serve  ?  And  those  lohich  inhabit  it  being  so  base,  what 
shall  be  the  issue  of  such  happines,  if  their  memorie  doe  not 
represent  unto  them  some  adversitie  that  may  betide  them, 
according  to  the  order  of  fortune  ?  If  from  this  day  for - 
toard  ive  may  be  capable  of  this  benefit,  that  your  lordship 
will  hold  us  for  your  oione,  toe  cannot  faile  to  be  favoured 
and  maintained  in  true  justice  and  reason,  and  to  have  the 
name  of  men.  For  such  as  are  void  of  reason  and  justice, 
may  be  compared  to  brute  beasts.  For  mhie  owne  part,  from 
my  very  heart  with  reverence  due  to  such  a  prince,  I  offer 
my  selfe  unto  your  lordship,  and  beseech  you,  that  in  reward 
of  this  my  true  good  ivill,  you  will  vouchsafe  to  mahe  use  of 
mine  oiime  person,  my  countrie,  and  subjects. 

The  Governour  answered  him,  that  his  offers  and  good 
will  declared  by  the  effect,  did  highly  please  him,  whereof 
he  would  alwaies  be  mindfuU  to  honour  and  favour  him  as 
his  brother.     This  countrie,  from  the  first  peaceable  cacique 
unto  the  province  of  Patofa,  which  were  fiftie  leagues,  is  a 
fat  countrie,  beautifuU,  and  very  fruitfuU,  and  very  well  countrie'for 
watered,  and  full  of  good  rivers.     And  from  thence  to  the        ^^^^^' 
port  de  Spirito  Santo,  where  we  first  arived  in  the  land  of 
Florida  (which  may  be  three  hundred  and  fifty  leagues,  little 
more  or  lesse)  is  a  barren  land,  and  the  most  of  it  groves  of 
wild  pine  trees,  low  and  full  of  lakes,  and  in  some  places 
very  hie  and  thicke  groves,  whither  the  Indians  that  were 
in  armes  fled,  so  that  no  man  could  find  them,  neither  could 
any  horses  enter  into  them.     Wliich  was  an  inconvenience 
to  the  Christians,  in  regard  of  the  victuals  which  they  found 
conveied  away  ;  and  of  the  trouble  which  they  had  in  seek- 
ing of  Indians  to  bee  their  guides. 


53 


A  rp:iation  of 


CHAPTER  XIV. 

How  the   Governour  departed  from  the  iwovince  of  Patofa,  and  vjent 
through  a  desert ;  where  he  and  all  his  men  fell  into  great 
distresse,  and  extreme  miserie. 

In  the  towne  of  Patofa,  the  youth,  which  the  Governour 
carried  with  him  for  an  interpretour  and  a  guide,  began  to 
fome  at  the  mouth,  and  tumble  on  the  ground,  as  one  pos- 
sessed with  the  divell.  They  said  a  gos]3el  over  him ;  and 
the  fit  left  him.  And  he  said,  that  foure  dales  journie  from 
thence  toward  the  sunne  rising,  was  the  province  that  he 
spake  of.  The  Indians  of  Patofa  said,  that  toward  that  part 
they  knew  no  habitation  ;  but  that  toward  the  northwest, 
they  knew  a  province  which  was  called  Coca,  a  verie  plenti- 
ful! coimtrie,  which  had  very  great  townes  in  it.  The  cacique 
told  the  Governour,  that  if  he  would  go  thither,  he  would 
give  him  guides  and  Indians  for  burdens  ;  and  if  he  would 
goe  whither  the  youth  spake  of,  that  he  would  likewise 
give  him  those  that  he  needed :  and  so,  with  loving  words 
and  offers  of  courtesie,  they  tooke  their  leaves  the  one  of 
the  other.  Hee  gave  him  seven  hundred  Indians  to  beare 
burdens.  He  tooke  maiz  for  foure  dales  journie.  Hee  tra- 
velled sixe  dales  by  a  path,  which  grew  narrow  more  and 
more  till  it  was  lost  altogether.  He  went  where  the  youth 
Two  swift    did  lead  him,  and  passed  two  rivers  which  were  waded ; 

rivers.  p     -i 

each  of  them  was  two  crossebow-shot  over  :  the  water  came 
to  the  stirrops,  and  had  so  great  a  current,  that  it  was  need- 
full  for  the  horsemen  to  stand  one  before  another,  that  the 
footemen  might  passe  above  them  leaning  unto  them.  He 
Anotiior      came  to   another  river  of  a  sfreatcr  current  and  lara:enes, 

great  river.  ^  ~  o  ' 

which  was  passed  Avith  more  trouble,  because  the  horses 


DON  FERDTNANDO  DE  SOTO.  53 

did  swim  at  the  comming  out  about  a  lances  length.  Having 
passed  this  river,  the  Governor  came  to  a  grove  of  pine-trees, 
and  threatened  the  youth,  and  made  as  though  hee  would 
have  cast  him  to  the  dogges,  because  he  had  told  him  a  lie, 
saying,  it  w^as  but  foure  daies  journic,  and  they  had  travelled 
nine,  and  every  day  seven  or  eio^ht  leas^ues  :  and  the  men  by  Nine  dales 

-'  ./  ,/  CO'  ./    journie. 

this  time  were  growne  wearie  and  weake,  and  the  horses 
leane  through  the  great  scanting  of  the  maiz.  The  youth 
said,  that  hee  knew  not  where  hee  was.  It  saved  him  that 
he  was  not  cast  to  the  dogges,  that  there  was  never  another 
whom  John  Ortiz  did  understand.  The  Governour  with 
them  two,  and  with  some  horsemen  and  footemen,  leaving 
the  campe  in  a  grove  of  pine  trees,  travelled  that  day  five  or 
six  leagues  to  seek  a  way,  and  returned  at  night  very  com- 
fortlesse,  and  without  finding  any  signe  of  way  or  towne. 
The  next  day  there  were  sundrie  opinions  delivered,  whether 
they  should  goe  backe,  or  what  they  should  doe :  and  be- 
cause backward  the  countrie  whereby  they  had  passed  was 
greatlie  spoiled  and  destitute  of  maiz,  and  that  which  they 
brought  with  them  was  spent,  and  the  men  were  very  weake, 
and  the  horses  likewise,  they  doubted  much  whether  they 
might  come  to  any  place  where  they  might  helpe  them- 
selves. 

And  besides  this,  they  were  of  opinion,  that  going  in  that 
sort  out  of  order,  that  any  Indians  would  presume  to  set 
upon  them,  so  that  with  hunger,  or  with  warre,  they  could 
not  escape.  The  Governour  determined  to  send  horsemen 
from  thence  every  way  to  seeke  habitation  ;  and  the  next 
day  he  sent  foure  captaines,  every  one  a  sundrie  way  with 
eight  horsemen.  At  night  they  came  againe,  leading  their 
horses,  or  driving  them  mth  a  sticke  before  ;  for  they  were 
so  wearie,  that  they  could  not  lead  them ;  neither  found 
they  any  way  nor  signe  of  habitation.  The  next  day,  the 
Governour  sent  other  foure,  with   as   many  horsemen  that 


54  A  RELATION  OF 

could  swim,  to  passe  the  ose^  and  rivers  whicli  they  should 
find,  and  they  had  choice  horses,  the  best  that  were  in  the 
campc.  The  captaines  were  Baltasar  de  Gallegos,  which 
went  up  the  river  ;  and  John  Danusco,  downe  the  river  ; 
Alfonso  Romo,  and  John  Rodriquez  Lobillo  went  into  the 
inward  parts  of  the  land.  The  Governour  brought  with  him 
Tiie  great     i^to   Florida  thu'teene   sowes,  and  had  by  this  time  three 

increase  of  j  '' 

swiue.  hundred  sTvdne.  He  commanded  every  man  should  have 
halfe  a  pound  of  hog's  flesh  every  day  ;  and  this  hee  did 
three  or  foure  daies  after  the  maiz  was  all  spent.  With  this 
small  quantitie  of  flesh,  and  some  sodden  hearbs,  mth  much 
trouble  the  jDCople  were  sustained.  The  Governour  dis- 
missed the  Indians  of  Patofa,  because  hee  had  no  food  to 
give  them ;  who  desiring  to  accompanie  and  serve  the  Chris- 
tians in  their  necessitie,  making  shew  that  it  grieved  them 
very  much  to  returne,  untill  they  had  left  them  in  a  peopled 
countrie,  returned  to  their  ovnie  home.  John  Danusco  came 
on  Sunday  late  in  the  evening,  and  brought  newes  that  he 
had  found  a  little  towne  twelve  or  thirteen  leagues  from 
thence  :  he  brought  a  woman  and  a  boy  that  he  tooke  there  ; 
with  his  comming  and  with  those  newes,  the  Governour  and 
all  the  rest  were  so  glad,  that  they  seemed  at  that  instant  to 
have  returned  from  death  to  life. 

Upon  Monday,  the  twentie-sixe  of  Aprill,  the  Governour 

Aymay.  departed  to  go  to  the  towne,  which  was  called  Aymay  ;  and 
the  Christians  named  it  the  towne  of  Relief.  He  left,  where 
the  camp  had  lien,  at  the  foote  of  a  pine  tree,  a  letter  buried, 
and  letters  carved  in  the  barke  of  the  pine,  the  contents 
whereof  was  this  :  Dig  here  at  the  foot  of  this  pine,  and 
you  shall  find  a  letter.  And  this  he  did,  because  when  the 
captaines  came,  which  were  sent  to  seeke  some  habitation, 
they  might  see  the  letter,  and  know  what  was  become  of  the 
Governour,  and  which  way  he  was   gone.     There  was  no 

'   i.  e.,  ooze.      The  Portuguese  word  is  vasas. 


DON  FERDIXANDO  T)E  SOTO.  55 

other  way  to  the  towne,  but  the  markes  that  John  Dan  vis  co 
left  made  upon  the  trees.  The  Governour,  with  some  of 
them  that  had  the  best  horses^  came  to  it  on  the  Monday. 
And  all  the  rest  inforcing  themselves  the  best  they  could, 
some  of  them  lodged  within  two  leagues  of  the  towne,  some 
within  three  and  foure,  every  one  as  he  was  able  to  goe, 
and  his  strength  served  him.  There  was  found  in  the  towne 
a  storehouse  full  of  the  flowre  of  parched  maiz ;  and  some 
maiz,  which  was  distributed  by  allowance.  Here  were  foure 
Indians  taken,  and  none  of  them  would  confess  any  other 
thing,  but  that  they  knew  of  none  other  habitation.  The 
Governour  commanded  one  of  them  to  be  burned ;  and  pre-  -^"  Indian 

-^  burned  for 

sently  another  confessed,  that  two  dales  journie  from  thence,  Jjood^^^^^ 
there  was  a  province  that  was  called  Cutifa-Chiqui.     Upon 
Wednesday  came  the  captaines  Baltasar  de  Gallegos,  Alfonso 
Romo,  and  John  Rodriquez   Lobillo  :    for  they  had  found 
the  letter,  and  followed  the  way  which  the  Governour  had 
taken  toward  the  towne.     Two  men  of  John  Rodriquez  com- 
panie   were   lost,   because    their   horses   tired :   the    Gover- 
nour checked  him  very  sore  for  leaving  them  behind,  and 
sent  to  seeke  them  :  and  as  soone  as  they  came,  he  departed 
towards   Cutifa-Chiqui.       In  the  way  three   Indians   were  ^{J*^% 
taken,  which  said,  that  the  Ladie  of  that  countrie  had  notice 
alreadie  of  the  Christians,  and  staled  for  them  in  a  towne  of 
hers.     The  Governour  sent  by  one  of  them  to  offer  her  his 
friendship,  and  to  advertise  her  how  he  was  comming  thither. 
The  Governour  came  unto  the  towne  ;  and  presently  there 
came  foure  canoes  to  him  ;    in  one  of  them  came  a  sister  of 
the  ladie,  and  approching  to  the  Governour,  she  said  these 
words  : 

Excellent  lord,  my  sister  sendeth  unto  you  hy  me  to  kisse 
your  lordship's  hands,  and  to  signifie  unto  you,  that  the 
cause  ivhy  she  came  not  in  person  is,  that  she  thinketh  to  do 
you  greater  service  staying  behind,  as  she  doth,  giving  order, 
that  with  all  speed,  al  her  canoes  he  readie,  that  your  lord- 


56  A  RELATION  OF 

ship  may  passe  the  ricer,  and  take  your  rest,  which  shall  hee 
presentlie  performed. 

The  Governour  gave  her  thankes,  and  she  returned  to  the 
other  side  of  the  river.  Within  a  little  while  the  Ladie  came 
out  of  the  towne  in  a  chaire,  whereon  certaine  of  the  princi- 
pall  Indians  brought  her  to  the  river.  She  entred  into  a 
barge,  which  had  the  stcrne  tilted  over,  and  on  the  floore 
her  mat  readie  laied  with  two  cushions  upon  it  one  upon 
another,  where  she  sate  her  do\^me ;  and  with  her  came  her 
principall  Indians  in  other  barges,  which  did  wait  upon  her. 
She  went  to  the  place  where  the  Governor  was,  and  at  her 
comming  she  made  this  speech  following  : 

Excellent  lord,  I  wish  this  comming  of  your  lordship  into 
these  your  countries,  to  he  m,ost  happie  :  although  my  power 
be  7iot  answerable  to  my  wil,  and  my  services  be  not  according 
to  my  desire,  nor  such  as  so  high  a  prince  as  your  lordship 
deserteth  ;  yet  since  the  good  tvill  is  rather  to  be  accepted 
then  all  the  treasures  of  the  tcorld,  that  without  it  are  offered, 
with  most  unfaileable  and  manifest  affection  I  offer  you  my 
person,  lands,  and  subjects,  and  this  small  service. 

And  thereT\TLthal  she  presented  unto  him  great   store  of 

clothes  of  the  countrie,  which  she  brought  in  other  canoes  ; 

to  wit,  mantles  and  skinnes ;  and  tooke  from  her  o"^Tie  necke 

A  great       a  great  cordon  of  perles,  and  cast  it  about  the  necke  of  the 

cordon   of  ....-, 

perles.        Govcrnour,  entertaining  him  with  very  gracious  speeches  of 

love  and  courtesie,  and  commanded   canoes  to   be  brought 

They  passe  thither,  whorcin  the  Governour  and  his  people  passed  the 

the  river.  '  . 

river.  As  soone  as  hee  was  lodged  in  the  towne,  she  sent 
cutifa-        him  another  present  of  many  hens.     This  countrie  was  verie 

Chiqui.  ,  . 

pleasant,  fat,  and  hath  goodly  meadows  by  the  rivers.  Their 
tSes"*Mui-  "^oods  are  thin,  and  ful  of  walnut  trees  and  mulberrie  trees. 
foTsiike!^^^'  They  said  the  sea  was  two  dales  joumie  from  thence.  Within 
dales  jour-    a  league,  and  halfe  a  league  about  this  towne,  were  great 

"ie  off.  T  1  ^  •   1  1   •    1 

townes    dispeopled,    and    overgrowne    with    grasse  ;    which 
shewed  that  they  had  been  lonoj  without  inhabitants.     The 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  57 

Indians  said,  that  two  yeere  before  there  was  a  plague  in 
that    countrie,    and   that   they   remooved  to    other  townes. 
There  was  in  their  storehouses   great  quantitie  of  clothes^ 
mantles  of  yarne  made  of  the  barkes  of  trees,  and  others  made  ?he"bi^le? 
of  feathers,  white,  greene,  red,  and  yellow,  very  fine  after  Mantles  of 

.  p      1  1       p  •  rrn  "      1  feathers. 

their  use,  and  profitable  for  wmter.  There  were  also  many 
deeres  skinnes,  with  many  compartiments  traced  in  them ; 
and  some  of  them  made  into  hose,  stockings,  and  shooes. 
And  the  ladie  perceiving  that  the  Christians  esteemed  the 
perles,  advised  the  Governour  to  send  to  search  certaine 
graves  that  were  in  that  towne,  and  that  hee  should  find 
many  ;  and  that  if  hee  would  send  to  the  dispeopled  townes, 
he  might  load  all  his  horses. 

They  sought  the  graves  of  that  towne,  and  there  found 
foureteene  rooves  of  perles,  and  little  babies  and  birds  made  Thi'f ^  imn- 

^  •'  area  mnetie 

of  them.     The  people  were  browne,  well  made,  and  well  orpeK"^^*^ 
proportioned,   and  more   civill  then   any  others   that  were 
seene  in  all  the  countrie  of  Florida ;  and  all  of  them  went 
shod  and  clothed. 

The  youth  told  the  Governour  that  hee  began  now  to 
enter  into  the  land  which  he  spake  of;  and  some  credit  was 
given  him  that  it  was  so,  because  hee  understood  the  lan- 
guage of  the  Indians ;  and  hee  requested  that  he  might  bee 
christened,  for  he  said  hee  desired  to  become  a  Christian. 
Hee  was  christened,  and  named  Peter ;  and  the  Governour 
commanded  him  to  bee  loosed  from  a  chaine,  in  which,  untill 
that  time,  he  had  gone. 

This  countrie,  as  the  Indians  reported,  had  been  much 
inhabited,  and  had  the  fame  of  a  good  countrie.  And,  as  it 
seemeth,  the  youth,  which  was  the  Governour's  guide,  had 
heard  of  it,  and  that  which  he  knew  by  heresay,  hee  afiirmed 
that  hee  had  seene,  and  augmented  at  his  joleasure.  In  this 
towne  was  found  a  dagger,  and  beades,  that  had  belonged  to  was  but  two 

cljiics   10111'" 

Christians.     The  Indians  reported,  that  Christians  had  been  "je  ivom  the 

■*  haven    of 

in  the  haven,  Avhich  was  two  dales'  journie  from  this  towne,  f^^^^  ^^^' 

1 


58  A  RELATION  OF 

many  yceres  agoc.  Hee  that  came  thither  was  the  gover- 
nour,  the  Licenciate  Lucas  Vasquez  de  Ayllon,  which  went 

1525^^  5'^®''*'  to  conquer  this  countrie ;  and  at  his  comming  to  the  port  hee 
died :  and  there  was  a  division,  quarrels,  and  slaughters 
betweene  some  principall  men  which  went  with  him,  for  the 
principall  government.     And  without  knowing  any  thing  of 

It  is  in  32  the  countrie,  they  returned  home  to  Hispaniola.  All  the 
companie  thought  it  good  to  inhabit  that  countrie,  because 
it  was  a  temperat  climate  ;  and  that  if  it  were  inhabited,  al 
the  shippes  of  New  Spaine,  of  Peru,  Santa  Martha,  and 
Tierra  firme,  in  their  returne  for  Spaine,  might  well  touch 
there,  because  it  was  in  their  way,  and  because  it  was  a  good 
countrie,  and  sited  fit  to  raise  commoditie.  The  Governour, 
since  his  intent  was  to  seeke  another  treasure  like  that  of 
Atabalipa,  lord  of  Peru,  was  not  contented  with  a  good 
countrie,  nor  with  pearles,  though  many  of  them  were  worth 
their  weight  in  gold.  And  if  the  countrie  had  been  divided 
amono-  the  Christians,  those  which  the  Indians  had  fished 
for  afterward,  would  have  been  of  more  value  ;  for  those 
which  they  had,  because  they  burned  them  in  the  fire,  did 
leese  their  colour.^  The  Governour  answered  them  that 
urged  him  to  inhabit,  that  in  all  the  countrie  there  were  not 
victuals  to  sustaine  his  men  one  moneth,  and  that  it  was 
needfull  to  resort  to  the  port  of  Ocus,  w^here  Maldonado  was 
to  stay  for  them ;  and  that  if  no  richer  countrie  were  found, 
they  might  returne  againe  to  that  whensoever  they  would ; 
and  in  the  meane  time  the  Indians  would  sow  their  fields, 
and  it  would  be  better  furnished  with  maiz. 

chiaha  12         He  inquired  of  the  Indians,  whether  they  had  notice  of 

(lilies  .jour-  -•- 

s'mia  no-  ^^y  great  lord  farther  into  the  land.  They  told  him,  that 
cos'te  r"^  twelve  dales  journie  from  thence,  there  was  a  province  called 
fn.n^'('■hi!!-'  Chiaha,  subject  to  the  lord  of  Coca.  Presently,  the  Gover- 
towie  of     nour  determined  to  seeke  that  land.     And  bemg  a  sterne 

Coste    they  '^ 

had   an   oxe 

iiide.—  I  Old  word  for  '■^lose",  from  the  Ansrlo-Saxon  ^^leosaii". 

Chap.  IC.  '  1  •!  1 

"  No  cause  nor  client  fat,  will  Cne\Til  leese, 
But  as  thev  come  on  both  sides  he  takes  fees." — Den  Jonson. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  59 

man,  and  of  few  words,  though  he  was  glad  to  sift  and 
knoAY  the  opinion  of  all  men,  yet  after  hee  had  delivered  his 
owne,  hee  would  not  be  contraried,  and  alwaies  did  what 
liked  himselfe,  and  so  all  men  did  condescend  unto  his  will. 
And  though  it  seemed  an  errour  to  leave  that  countrie  (for 
others  might  have  been  sought  round  about,  where  the 
peoj^le  might  have  been  sustained  untill  the  harvest  had  been 
readie  there,  and  the  maiz  gathered),  yet  there  was  none 
that  would  say  any  thing  against  him  after  they  knew  his 
resolution. 


CHAPTER  XV. 


Hoio  the  Governour  departed  from  Cutifa-Chiqui  to  seeke  the  province  of 
Coga  ;  and  what  happened  unto  him  in  the  wai/. 

The  Governour  departed  from  Cutifa-Chiqui  the  third  day 
of  May.  And  because  the  Indians  had  revolted,  and  the  will 
of  the  ladie  was  perceived,  that  if  she  could,  she  would  de- 
part without  giving  any  guides  or  men  for  burdens,  for  the 
wrongs  which  the  Christians  had  done  to  the  Indians  (for 
there  never  want  some  among  many  of  a  base  sort,  that  for 
a  little  gaine  doe  put  themselves  and  others  in  danger  of 
undoing) :  the  Governour  commanded  her  to  be  kept  in 
safegard,  and  carried  with  him,  not  with  so  good  usage  as 
she  deserved  for  the  good  wil  she  shewed,  and  good  enter- 
tainement  that  she  had  made  him.  And  he  verified  that  old 
proverb  which  saith  :  "  For  weldoing  I  receive  evil."  And 
so  he  carried  her  on  foot,  with  his  bondwomen  to  look  unto 
her.  In  all  the  townes  where  the  Governour  passed,  the 
ladie  commanded  the  Indians  to  come  and  carrie  the  burdens 
from  one  towne  to  another.  We  passed  through  her  countrie 
an  hundred  leagues,  in  which,  as  we  saw,  she  was  much 
obeyed.  For  the  Indians  did  all  that  she  commanded  them 
with  great  cfficacie  and  diligence.  Peter,  the  youth  that  was 
our  guide,  said,  that  she  was  not  the  ladie  herselfe,  but  a 


60  A  RELATION  OF 

neece  of  hers,  which  came  to  that  towne  to  execute  certaine 
principal  men  by  commandement  of  the  ladie,  Avhich  had 
Avithheld  her  tribute  ;  which  words  were  not  beleeved,  because 
of  the  lies  which  they  had  found  in  him  before  :  but  they 
bare  with  all  things,  because  of  the  need  which  they  had  of  him, 
to  declare  what  the  Indians  said.  In  seven  daies  space  the 
Governour  came  to  a  province  called  Chalaque,  the  poorest 
chiiiuque,     country  of  maiz  that  was  scene  in  Florida.     The  Indians  fed 

seven  ilaies 

.io.iruietiom  upou  rootcs  and  herbes,  which  they  seeke  in  the  fields,  and 

^"^-  u23on  wild  beasts,  which  they  kil  with  their  bowes  and  ar- 

rowes  :  and  it  is  a  verie  gentle  people.  All  of  them  goe 
naked,  and  are  very  leane.  There  was  a  lord,  which  for  a 
great  present,  brought  the  Governour  two  deeres  skins  :  and 
there  were  in  that  countrie  many  wdld  hennes.^    In  one  towne 

700  hemies.  they  made  him  a  present  of  seven  hundred  hennes,  and  so  in 
other  townes  they  sent  him  those  which  they  had  or  could 
get.     From  this  province  to  another,  which  is  called  Xualla, 

xuaiia  five  he  spcut  fivc  daics  :  here  he  found  very  little  maiz ;  and  for  this 

dales  ofl".  ■'-  •'  ^ 

cause,  though  the  people  were  wearied,  and  the  horses  very 
weake,  he  staled  no  more  but  two  daies.  From  Ocute  to  Cutifa- 
Chiqui,  may  bee  some  hundred  and  thirtie  leagues,  whereof 
eighty  are  v\dldernesse.  From  Cutifa-Chiqui  to  Xualla,  tAvo 
hundred  and  fiftie,  and  it  is  an  hillie  countrie.  The  Governoui' 
Kniish  and  departed  from  Xualla  toward  Guaxule  :  he  passed  very  rough 
and  hie  hilles.  In  that  j ournie,  the  ladie  of  Cutifa-Clnqui  (whom 
the  Governour  carried  with  him,  as  is  aforesaid,  with  purpose 
to  Carrie  her  to  Guaxule,  because  her  territorie  reached  thi- 
ther) going  on  a  day  with  the  bondwomen  which  lead  her,  went 
out  of  the  Avay,  and  entered  into  a  wood,  saying,  she  went  to 
ease  herselfc,  and  so  she  deceived  them,  and  hid  herselfe  in 
the  wood ;  and  though  they  sought  her  they  could  not  find 
her.  She  carried  aw^ay  with  her  a  little  chest  made  of  canes, 
in  manner  of  a  coffer,  which  they  call  Petaca,  full  of  unbored 
perles.  Some  which  could  judge  of  them,  said,  that  they 
were  of  great  value.  An  Indian  woman  that  waited  on  her 
1  Probably  the  prairie  hcn^  a  specict)  of  grouse,  ib  alluded  to. 


DON  FEllDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  61 

did  Carrie  them.  The  Governour,  not  to  discontent  her  alto- 
gether, left  them  with  her,  making  account  that  in  Guaxule 
he  would  ask  them  of  her,  when  he  gave  her  leave  to  returne : 
which  coffer  she  carried  away,  and  went  to  Xualla  with  three 
slaves  which  fled  from  the  campe,  and  one  horseman  which 
remained  behinde,  who  falling  sick  of  an  ague,  went  out  of 
the  way  and  was  lost.  This  man,  whose  name  was  Alimamos, 
dealt  with  the  slaves  to  change  their  evill  purpose,  and  returne 
with  him  to  the  Christians  :  which  two  of  them  did ;  and 
Alimamos  and  they  overtooke  the  Governour  fifty  leagues 
from  thence,  in  a  ]3rovince  called  Chiaha  ;  and  reported  how 
the  ladie  remained  in  Xualla  with  a  slave  of  Andrew  de 
Vasconcellos,  which  would  not  come  backe  with  them,  and 
that  of  a  certaintie  they  lived  as  man  and  wife  together,  and 
meant  to  goe  both  to  Cutifa-Chiqui.  Within  five  dales  the 
Governour  came  to  Guaxule.     The  Indians  there  erave  him  a  ouaxuiefive 

*-*  dales  olf. 

present  of  three  hundred  dogges,  because  they  saw  the  Chris- 
tians esteeme  them,  and  sought  them  to  feed  on  them  :  for 
among  them  they  are  not  eaten.  In  Guaxule,  and  all  that 
way,  was  very  little  maiz.  The  Governour  sent  from  thence 
an  Indian  with  a  message  to  the  cacique  of  Chiaha,  to  desire 
him  to  gather  some  maiz  thither,  that  he  might  rest  a  few 
dales  in  Chiaha.  The  Governour  departed  from  Guaxule, 
and  in  two  dales  journie  came  to  a  towne  called  Canasagua.  canasagua 

two  daies 

There  met  him  on  the  way  twenty  Indians,  every  one  loaden  Jounne  off. 

•^  •'  ^  J  Great  store 

with  a  basket  ful  of  mulberries :  for  there  be  many,  and  those  trVestomake 
very  good,  from  Cutifa-Chiqui  thither,  and  so  forward  in  ''^ 
other  provinces,  and  also  nuts  and  plummes.  And  the  trees 
grow  in  the  fields  without  planting  or  dressing  them,  and  are 
as  big  and  as  rancke  as  though  they  grew  in  gardens  digged 
and  watered.  From  the  time  that  the  Governour  departed 
from  Canasagua,  hee  journied  five  daies  through  a  desert ; 
and  two  leagues  before  hee  came  to  Chiaha,  there  met  him 
fifteen  Indians  loaden  with  maiz,  which  the  cacique  had  sent; 
and  they  told  him  on  his  behalfe,  that  he  waited  his  comming 


THE 


62  A  RELATION  OF 

with  twenty  barnes  full  of  it ;   and  farther,  that  himselfe,  his 

countrie,  and  subjects,  and  all  things  els,  were  at  his  service. 

^^^^,^-   .     On  the  5  day  of  June,  the  Governor  entred  into   Chiaha: 

Chiaha    live  ^^  ■' 

nSuud  the  cacique  voided  his  owne  houses,  in  which  he  lodged,  and 

filmxidS  received  him  mth  much  joy,  saying  these  words  following : 

Mightie  and  excellent  lord,  I  hold  mijselfe  for  so  happte  a 

man,  in  that  it  hath  pleased  your  lordship  to  use  me,  that 

notliincj  could  have  happened  unto  me  of  more  contentment, 

nor  that  I  would  have  esteemed  so  much.     From  Guaxule 

your  lordship  sent  unto  me,  that  I  should  prepare  maiz  for 

you  in  this  toione  for  two  months.      Here  I  have  for  you 

twenty  harnes  full  of  the  choisest  that  in  all  the  countrie 

coidd  he  found.     If  your  lordship  hee  not  entertained  hy  me 

in  such  sort,  as  is  fit  for  so  hie  a  prince,  respect  my  tender 

age,  which  excuseth  me  from  hlame,  and  receive  my  good  ivill, 

xohich  with  much  loyaltie,  truth,  and  sinceritie,  I  will  ahvaies 

sheio  ill  anything  lohich  shall  concerne  your  lordships  service. 

The  Governor  answered  him  that  he  thanked  him  very  much 

for  his  service  and  offer,  and  that  he  would  alwaies  account 

him  as  his  brother.    There  was  in  this  towne  much  butter  in 

The  fat  of    gourds,  melted  like  oile :  they  said  it  was  the  fat  of  beares. 

beares.  o      '-\  n  i  i   •    i 

Oile  of  wai-  There  was  found  also  great  store  of  one  of  walnuts,  which 
was  cleare  as  butter,  and  of  a  good  taste,  and  a  pot  full  of 
iiouie  of     honie  of  bees,  which  neither  before  nor  afterward  was  scene 
chiaiia  seat-  iu  all  thc  couutric.     The  toTVTie  was  m  an  island,  betweene 
island.        two  amics  of  a  river,  and  was  seated  nigh  one  of  them.     The 
river  divideth  itselfe  into  those  two  branches  two  crossebow 
shot  above  the  towne,  and  meeteth  againe  a  league  beneath 
the  same.     The  plaine  betweene  both  the  branches  is  some- 
times one  crossebow  shot,  sometimes  two  crossebow  shot  over. 
The  branches  are  very  broad,  and  both   of  them  may  be 
waded  over.    There  were  all  along  them  verie  good  meadows, 
and  manic  fields  sowne  ^\dth  maiz.    And  because  the  Indians 
staied  in   their   towne,  the   Governour  only  lodged  in   the 
houses  of  thc  cacique,  and  his  people  in  the  fields  ;  where 


DON  FERDINANDO  1)E  SOTO.  6S 

there  was  ever  a  tree,  everie  one  tooke  one  for  himselfe. 
Thus  the  camp  lay  separated  one  from  another,  and  out  of 
order.  The  Governour  winked  at  it,  because  the  Indians 
were  in  peace,  and  because  it  was  very  hot,  and  the  people 
should  have  suffered  great  extremitie,  if  it  had  not  bin  so. 
The  horses  came  thither  so  weake,  that  for  feeblenesse  they 
were  not  able  to  carrie  their  masters  :  because  that  from 
Cutifa-Chiqui,  they  alwaies  travelled  with  verie  little  prov- 
ender, and  were  hunger-starved  and  tired  ever  since  they 
came  from  the  desert  of  Ocute.     And  because  the  most  of '^.^V^^^^'"*^ 

or  Ocute. — 

them  were  not  in  case  to  use  in  battell,  though  need  should  ^^^^'  ^^' 
require,  they  sent  them  to  feed  in  the  night  a  quarter  of  a 
league  from  the  camp.  The  Christians  were  there  in  great 
danger,  because  that  if  at  this  time  the  Indians  had  set  upon 
them,  they  had  been  in  evill  case  to  have  defended  themselves. 
The  Governour  rested  there  thirtie  dales,  in  which  time,  be-  J^g""*^^  ^'^^^^ 
cause  the  countrie  was  very  fruitfuU,  the  horses  grew  fat. 
At  the  time  of  his  departure,  by  the  importunitie  of  some, 
which  would  have  more  then  was  reason,  hee  demanded  of 
the  cacique  thirty  women  to  make  slaves  of.  Hee  answered 
that  he  would  conferre  with  his  chiefe  men.  And  before  hee 
returned  an  answere,  one  night  all  of  them  with  their  wives 
and  children  forsooke  the  towne,  and  fled  away.  The  next 
day  the  Governour  purposing  to  goe  to  seeke  them,  the 
cacique  came  unto  him,  and  at  his  comming  used  these  words 
unto  the  Governour  : 

Mightie  lord,  with  shame  and  feare  of  your  lordship,  he- 
cause  my  subjects  against  my  will  have  done  atnisse  in  ahsent- 
ing  themselves,  I  went  my  way  toithout  your  license ;  and 
hiiowing  the  err  our  which  I  have  committed,  like  a  log  all  sub- 
ject, I  come  to  yeeld  myself e  into  your  power,  to  dispose  of 
mee  at  your  owne  pleasure.  For  my  subjects  do  not  obey  mee, 
nor  doe  any  thing  but  what  a7i  uncle  of  mine  commandeth, 
ivhich  governeth  this  countrie  for  7ne,  until  I  be  of  a  perfect 
age.     If  your  lordship  tvill  pursue  them,  and  execute  on  them 


64  A  RELATION  OF 

that,  lohicli  for  their  disohedience  they  deserve,  I  will  he  your 
guide,  since  at  this  present  my  fortune  will  not  suffer  me  to 
perfortne  any  more. 

Presently  the  Governour,  witli  thirty  horsemen,   and  as 

many  footemen,  went  to  seeke  the  Indians,  and  passing  by 

ccrtaine      sonie  townes  of  the  principall  Indians  which  had  absented 

townes. 

themselves,  hee  cut  and  destroyed  great  fields  of  maiz,  and 
went  up  the  river,  where  the  Indians  were  in  an  island, 
where  the  horsemen  could  not  come  at  them.  There  he  sent 
them  word  by  an  Indian  to  returne  to  their  townc,  and  feare 
nothing,  and  that  they  should  give  him  men  to  carrie  bur- 
dens, as  al  those  behind  had  done ;  for  he  would  have  no 
Indian  Avomen,  seeing  they  were  so  loth  to  part  with  them. 
The  Indians  accepted  his  request,  and  came  to  the  Gover- 
nour to  excuse  themselves ;  and  so  all  of  them  returned  to 
their  towne. 

A  cacique  of  a  province  called  Coste,  came  to  this  toAATi  to 

visit  the  Governour.     After  hee  had  offered  liimselfe,  and 

passed  with  him   some  words  of  tendring  his  service  and 

curtesie,  the  Governour  asking  him  whether  he  had  notice  of 

any  rich  countrie  ?     He  said.  Yea ;  to  wit,  that  toward  the 

north  there  was  a  province  named  Chisca;  and  that  there 

Mines  of      was  a  melting  of  copper,  and  of  another  metall  of  the  same 

goEcids-  colour,  save  that  it  was  finer,  and  of  a  farre  more  perfect 

the  north,     colour,  and  farre  better  to  the  sight,  and  that  they  used  it 

not  so  much,  because  it  was  softer.     And  the  selfe   same 

thing    was    told    the    Governour   in    Cutifa-Chiqui,    where 

Hatchets  of  wc    saw    somc    little  hatchets   of  copper,    which  were  said 

coppei-  hold- 
ing gold.       .j-Q  liave  a  mixture  of  gokl.      But  in  that  part  the  country 

Chisca  is  di-  was  not  well  peopled  ;    and  they  said   there  were   moun- 

rectly  north  ^  i     i:*  i 

from  cutifii    taiucs,    wliich    the    horses    couid   not   passe  :    and  lor   that 

Chiqui,  ^  ... 

^thiu'two     cause,  the  Governour  would  not  goe    from   Cutifa-Chiqui 

santl'^He-     dircctly    thither.       And    he   made   account,    that   travelling 

thi'ough  a  peopled  countrie,  when  his  men  and  horses  should 

bee  in  better  plight,  and  hee  were  better  certified  of  the  truth 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  65 

of  the  thing,  he  would  returne  toward  it  by  mountaines,  and 
a  better  inhabited  comitrie,  whereby  hee  might  have  better 
passage.  He  sent  two  Christians  from  Chiaha  with  certaine  ^^^^^J^^'^^' 
Indians  which  knew  the  countrie  of  Chisca,  and  the  language  J^Seke'*'^* 
thereof,  to  view  it,  and  to  make  report  of  that  which  they 
should  find ;  where  he  told  them  that  he  would  tarrie  for 
them. 


CHAPTER    XVI. 


Hoio  the  Governor  departed  from  Chiaha,  and  at  Coste  tvas  in  danger  to 
have  been  slaine  hy  the  hands  of  the  Indians,  and  by  a  stratageme 
escaped  the  same;  and  what  more  happened  unto  him  in  this  jour nie, 
and  hoiD  he  came  to  Coga. 

When   the    Governour  was    determined   to    depart  from 
Chiaha  to  Coste,  he  sent  for  the  cacique  to  come  before  him,  coste  seven 

dales  from 

and  Avith  2:entle  words  tooke  his  leave  of  mm,  and  gave  him  chiaha.— 

^  ^  o  Chap.  14. 

certaine  things,  wherewith  he  rested  much  contented.  In 
seven  daies  hee  came  to  Coste.  The  second  of  Julie  he  com- 
manded his  campe  to  be  pitched  two  crossebow  shot  from 
the  town,  and  with  eight  men  of  his  guard  he  went  where 
he  found  the  cacique,  which  to  his  thinking  received  him 
wdth  great  love.  As  hee  was  talking  with  him,  there  went 
from  the  campe  certaine  footemen  to  the  towne  to  seeke 
some  maiz  ;  and  not  contented  with  it,  they  ransacked  and 
searched  the  houses,  and  tooke  what  they  found.  With  this 
despite  the  Indians  began  to  rise  and  to  take  their  amies  ; 
and  some  of  them  with  cudgils  in  their  hands,  ran  upon  five 
or  sixe  Christians  which  had  done  them  wrong,  and  beat 
them  at  their  pleasure.  The  Governour  seeing  them  al  in 
an  uprore,  and  himselfe  among  them  with  so  few  Christians, 
to  escape  their  hands   used  a   stratagem,   farre   against  his  a  wise  stra- 

^  o  o  tagem. 

owne  disposition,  being,  as  hee  was,  very  francke  and  open ; 

K 


66  A  RELATION  OF 

and  though  it  grieved  him  very  much  that  any  Indian  shoukl 
be  so  bold,  as  with  reason,  or  without  reason,  to  despise  the 
Christians,  he  tooke  up  a  cudgel,  and  tooke  their  parts  against 
his  owne  men,  which  was  a  meanes  to  quiet  them.  And  pre- 
sently he  sent  word  by  a  man  very  secretly  to  the  campe, 
that  some  armed  men  should  come  toward  the  place  where 
he  was ;  and  hee  tooke  the  cacique  by  the  hand,  using  very 
mild  words  unto  him,  and  with  some  principall  Indians  that 
did  accompanie  him  he  drew  them  out  of  the  towne  into  a 
j)laine  way,  and  unto  the  sight  of  the  campe,  whither  by 
little  and  little  with  good  discretion  the  Christians  began  to 
come  and  to  gather  about  them.  Thus  the  Governour  led 
the  cacique  •  and  his  chiefe  men  untill  he  entred  with  them 
into  the  campe ;  and  neere  unto  his  tent  hee  commanded 
them  to  be  put  in  safe  custodie,  and  told  them,  that  they 
should  not  depart  without  giving  him  a  guide,  and  Indians 
for  burthens,  and  till  certaine  sicke  Chiistians  were  come, 
which  he  had  commanded  to  come  downe  the  river  in  canoes 
from  Chiaha,  and  those  also  which  he  had  sent  to  the  pro- 
vince of  Chisca  (for  they  were  not  returned,  and  he  feared 
that  the  Indians  had  slaine  the  one  and  the  other).  AVithin 
were  Veut'^^  three  daics  after,  those  which  were  sent  to  Chisca  returned, 
Chisca  re-  and  made  report,  that  the  Indians  had  carried  them  through 
a  countrie  so  poore  of  maiz,  and  so  rough,  and  over  so  high 
Highmoun- ii^ountaines,  that  it  was  impossible  for  the  armie  to  travell 

tames.  ^ 

that  way ;  and  that  seeing  the  way  grew  very  long,  and  that 
A  little  oor  ^^^J  lingered  much,  they  consulted  to  returne  from  a  little 
towie.  poore  towne,  where  they  saw  nothing  that  was  of  any  profit, 
wi"th'haire^^  and  brought  an  oxe  hide,  which  the  Indians  gave  them,  as 
Chap!  20,'  thinne  as  a  calves  skinne,  and  the  haire  like  a  soft  wooll, 
iiistor.  Ge'-  bctwecne  the  course  and  fine  wooll  of  sheepe.^    The  cacique 

neral,    chap. 

Si^iTda^'''  S^^'^  ^  guide,  and  men  for  burdens,  and  departed  with  the 

^  The  215th  chapter  of  Lopez  de  Gomara's  Historia  general  de  las 
Indias,  1554,  referred  to  in  the  margin  by  Hakluyt,  describes  the  vacas 
corcohadas,  i.  e.  hump-backed  oxen,  which  may  be  clearly  identified  with 
the  bison. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  67 

Governour's  leave.  The  Governour  departed  from  Coste 
the  ninth  of  Julie^  and  lodged  at  a  towne  called  Tali.  The 
cacique  came  foorth  to  receive  him  on  the  way,  and  made 
this  speech  : 

Excellent  lord  and  prince,  loorthie  to  be  served  and  obeyed 
of  all  the  princes  in  the  loorld  ;  howsoever  for  the  most  part 
by  the  outward  physiognomic,  the  inward  vertue  may  bee 
judged,  and  that  who  you  are,  and  of  ivhat  strength,  was 
knowne  unto  mee  before  now  :  I  will  not  inferre  hereupon 
how  meane  I  am  in  your  presence,  to  hope  that  my  poore  ser- 
vices will  bee  gratefull  and  acceptable,  since  lohereas  strength 
faileth,  the  will  doth  not  cease  to  be  praised  and  accepted. 
And  for  this  cause  I  presume  to  request  your  lordship,  that 
you  will  be  pleased  onely  to  respect  the  same,  and  consider 
wherein  you  will  command  my  services  in  this  your  countrie. 

The  Governour  answered  him,  that  his  good  will  and  offer 
was  as  acceptable  unto  him,  as  if  he  had  offered  him  all  the 
treasures  of  the  world,  and  that  he  would  alwaies  intreate, 
favour,  and  esteeme  him,  as  if  he  were  his  owne  brother. 
The  cacique  commanded  provision  necessarie  for  two  dales, 
while  the  Governour  was  there,  to  be  brought  thither ;  and 
at  the  time  of  his  departure  he  gave  him  foure  women  and 
two  men,  which  hee  had  need  of  to  beare  burthens. 

The  Governour  travelled  sixe  dales  through  many  townes 
subject  to  the  cacique  of  Coca;  and  as  he  entred  into  his  JJ co9a.^"®^ 
countrie,  many  Indians  came  unto  him  every  day  from  the 
cacique,  and  met  him  on  the  way  with  messages,  one  going 
and  another  comminsr.     Hee  came  to  Coca  upon  Friday,  the  cova, 

^   ^  '         ^  /  Julie  2G. 

26  of  Julie.  The  cacique  came  foorth  to  receive  him  two 
crossebow  shot  from  the  towne  in  a  chaire,  which  his  princi- 
pall  men  carried  on  their  shoulders,  sitting  upon  a  cushion, 
and  covered  with  a  garment  of  marterns,  of  the  fashion  and  Marienis. 
bignes  of  a  woman's  huke^;  hee  had  on  his  head  a  diadem  of 
feathers,  and  round  about  him  many  Indians  playing  upon 

•  A  kind  of  mantle,  or  cloak,  worn  in  Spain  and  the  Low  Countries. 
Huc|ue,  Fr.;  huca,  low  Latin.     N ares'  Glossarij. 


68  A  RELATION  OF 

flutes,  and  singing.  As  soone  as  he  came  unto  the  Gover- 
nour,  he  did  his  obeysance,  and  uttered  these  words  fol- 
lowing : 

Excellent  and  miglitie  lord,  above  all  them  of  the  earth  ; 
although  I  come  hut  noxo  to  receive  you,  yet  I  have  received 
you  manie  daies  agoe  hi  my  heart,  to  wit,  from  the  day  wherein 
I  had  first  notice  of  your  lordship  ;  ivith  so  great  desire  to 
serve  you,  ivith  so  great  pleasure  and  contentment,  that  this 
which  I  make  shew  of,  is  nothing  in  regard  of  that  tvhich  is 
in  my  heart,  neither  can  it  have  any  hind  of  comparison. 
This  you  may  hold  for  certaine,  that  to  ohtaine  the  dominion 
of  the  ivhole  icorld,  ivould  not  have  rejoyced  me  so  much,  as 
your  sight,  neither  tvoidd  I  have  held  it  for  so  great  a  felicitie. 
Doe  not  loohe  for  me  to  offer  you  that  which  is  your  oione, 
to  wit,  my  person,  tny  lands,  and  subjects  :  onely  I  will  husie 
myself e  in  cominanding  my  men  with  all  diligence  and  due 
reverence  to  welcome  you  from  hence  to  the  towne  ivith  play- 
ing and  singing,  where  your  lordship  shall  he  lodged  and  at- 
tended upon  hy  my  self e  and  them  :  and  all  that  I  possesse, 
your  lordship  shall  use  as  it  were  your  owne.  For  your  lord- 
shijy  shall  doe  me  a  verie  great  favour  in  so  doing. 

The  Governour  gave  him  tliankes,  and  with  great  joy  they 

The  towne.  botli  weut  Conferring  together,  till  they  came  to  the  towne  ; 
and  he  commanded  his  Indians  to  void  their  houses,  wherein 
the  Governor  and  his  men  were  lodged.  There  Avas  in  the 
barnes,    and  in  the  fields,  great  store  of  niaiz  and  french 

Mauy  great  bcancs.     The  couutry  was  greatly  inhabited  with  many  great 

towiies.  . 

townes,  and  many  sowne  fields,  which  reached  from  the  one 

to  the  other.    It  was  pleasant,  fat,  full  of  good  meadows  upon 

i^iany  plum  I'ivcrs.     Thcrc  were  in  the  fields  many  plum  trees,  as  well  of 

vers  sorts,     such  as  gTow  in  Spaiuc,  as  of  the   countrie,  and  wild  taU 

Two  sorts  of  vines,  that  runne  up  the  trees ;  and  besides  these,  there  were 

other  loAV  vines,  Avith  big  and  sweet  grapes^;  but  for  want  of 

'  Theodore  Irving,  in  his  Conquest  of  Florida,  quoting  Bancroft,  says  : 
"  This  is  supposed  to  have  heen  the  same  native  grape,  called  the  Isabella, 
T\hich  has  since  heen  cultivated." 


DON   FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  69 

digging  and  dressing,  they  had  great  kirnels  in  them.  The 
Governonr  used  to  set  a  guard  over  the  caciques,  because 
they  should  not  absent  themselves,  and  carried  them  with 
him,  till  he  came  out  of  their  coimtries ;  because  that  carry- 
ing them  along  with  him,  he  looked  to  find  people  in  the 
townes,  and  they  gave  him  guides,  and  men  to  carrie  bur- 
dens ;  and  before  hee  went  out  of  their  countries,  he  gave 
them  licence  to  returne  to  their  houses,  and  to  their  porters 
likewise,  as  soone  as  he  came  to  any  other  lordship,  where 
they  gave  him  others. 

The  men  of  Coca  seeing  their  lord  detained,  tooke  it  in 
evil  part,  and  revolted,  and  hid  themselves  in  the  woods,  as 
well  those  of  the  towne  of  the  cacique  as  those  of  the  other 
townes  of  his  principall  subjects.  The  Governour  sent  out 
foure  captaines,  every  one  his  way  to  seeke  them.  They 
tooke  many  men  and  women,  which  were  put  into  chaines. 
They  seeing  the  hurt  which  they  received,  and  how  little 
they  gained  in  absenting  themselves,  came  againe,  promising 
to  do  whatsoever  they  were  commanded.  Of  those  which 
were  taken  prisoners,  some  principall  men  Avere  set  at  libertie, 
whom  the  cacique  demanded ;  and  every  one  that  had  any, 
carried  the  rest  in  chaines  like  slaves,  without  letting  them 
goc  to  their  countrie  ;  neither  did  any  returne,  but  some 
few,  whose  fortune  helped  them  with  the  good  diligence 
which  they  used  to  file  ofi"  their  chaines  by  night,  or  such  as 
in  their  travelling  could  slippe  aside  out  of  the  way,  seeing 
any  negligence  in  them  that  kept  them ;  some  escaped  away 
with  the  chaines,  and  with  the  burdens,  and  clothes  which 
they  carried. 


70 


A  RELATION  OF 


CHAPTER  XVII. 


How  the  Goveniour  went  from  Coga  to  Tascaluca. 


great 
towue. 


Ytava. 


A  great 
river. 


Ullibahali. 


The  Governour  rested  in  Co9a  twenty-five  daies.  He  de- 
20  of  Aug.  parted  from  thence  the  20  of  August,  to  seeke  a  province 
called  Tascaluca  :  hee  carried  with  him  the  cacique  of  Co9a. 
TaiiimiKhase  jjg  passcd  that  day  by  a  great  towne  called  Tallimuchase, 
the  people  were  fled :  he  lodged  halfe  a  league  further,  neere 
a  brooke.  The  next  day  he  came  to  a  towne  called  Ytava, 
subject  to  Coca.  Hee  staled  there  sixe  daies  because  of  a 
river  that  passed  by  it,  which  at  that  time  was  very  hie ;  and 
as  soone  as  the  river  suffered  him  to  passe,  he  set  forward, 
and  lodged  at  a  towne  named  Ullibahali.  There  came  to  him 
on  the  way,  on  the  caciques  behalfe  of  that  province,  ten  or 
twelve  principall  Indians  to  offer  him  his  service ;  all  of  them 
had  theu'  plumes  of  feathers,  and  bowes  and  arroAves.  The 
Governour  coming  to  the  towne  with  twelve  horsemen,  and 
some  footemen  of  his  guard,  leaving  his  people  a  crossebow 
shot  from  the  toA\Tie,  entered  into  it ;  hee  found  all  the  In- 
dians with  their  weapons :  and  as  farre  as  he  could  ghesse, 
they  seemed  to  have  some  evill  meaning.  It  was  knowne 
afterward,  that  they  were  determined  to  take  the  cacique  of 
Co^a  from  the  Governour,  if  hee  had  requested  it.  The 
Governour  commanded  all  his  people  to  enter  the  towne, 
which  was  walled  about,  and  neere  unto  it  passed  a  small 
river.  The  wall,  as  well  of  that,  as  of  others,  which  after- 
ward we  saw,  was  of  great  posts  thrust  deepe  into  the  ground 
and  very  rough,  and  many  long  railes  as  big  as  ones  arme 
laid  acrosse  between  them,  and  the  wall  was  about  the  height 
of  a  lance,  and  it  was  daubed  within  and  without  with  clay, 
and  had  loope  holes.  On  the  other  side  of  the  river  was  a 
towne,  where  at  that  present  the  cacique  was.     The  Govern- 


Ullibaluili 

Walled 

about. 


The  fashiuu 
of  their 
Avalles. 


A  towue. 


DON   FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  71 

our  sent  to  call  him,  and  hee  came  presently.     After  he  had 
passed  with  the  Governour  some  words  of  offering  his  ser- 
vices, he  gave  him  such  men  for  his  cariages  as  he  needed, 
and  thirtie  women  for  slaves.     In  that  place  was  a  Christian 
lost  called  Man^ano,  borne  in  Salamanca,  of  noble  parentage, 
which  went  astray  to  seeke  for  grapes,  whereof  there  is  great  ^/'"^oq^^""' 
store,  and  those  very  good.     The  day  that  the  Governour  s^'^p*'^- 
departed  from  thence,  he  lodged  at  a  towne  subject  to  the^towne. 
lord  of  UUibahali :  and  the  next  day  hee  came  to  another 
towne,  called  Toasi.     The  Indians  gave  the  Governour  thirtie  Toasi. 
women,  and  such  men  for  his  cariages  as  he  needed.     Hee  He  travelled 

ordinarily 

travelled  ordinarily  five  or  six  leasrues  a  day  when  he  travel-  J^'®  °^"  ^^'^ 

•/  n  J  leagues  a 

led  through  peopled  countries :  and  going  through  deserts,  he  '^'^^ ' 
marched  as  fast  as  he  could,  to  eschew  the  want  of  maiz. 

From  Toasi,  passing  through  some  townes  subject  to  a 
cacique,  which  was  lord  of  a  province  called  Tallise,  hee  tra- 
velled five  dales.  He  came  to  Tallise  the  18  of  September,  grelt^towne. 
The  towne  was  great,  and  situated  neere  unto  a  maine  river.  A^lia  ' 
On  the  other  side  of  the  river  were  other  townes,  and  many 
fields  sowne  with  maiz.  On  both  sides  it  was  a  very  plenti- 
full  countrie,  and  had  store  of  maiz  :  they  had  voided  the 
tovrne.  The  Governour  commanded  to  call  the  cacique,  who 
came,  and  betweene  them  passed  some  words  of  love  and 
offer  of  his  services,  and  hee  presented  unto  him  forty  In- 
dians. There  came  to  the  Governour  in  this  towne  a  prin- 
ci23all  Indian  in  the  behalfe  of  the  cacique  of  Tascaluca,  and 
made  this  speech  following  : 

Mightie,  vertuous,  and  esteemed  lord,  the  great  cacique  of 
Tascaluca,  my  lord,  sendeth  by  me  to  kisse  your  lordships 
hands,  and  to  let  you  understand,  that  he  hath  notice,  how 
you  justly  ravish  with  your  peyfections  and  power  all  men  07i 
the  earth  ;  and  that  everie  one  hy  whom  your  lordship  passeth 
doth  serve  and  obey  you  ;  which  he  achnowledgeth  to  he  due 
unto  you,  arid  desireth  as  his  life,  to  see,  and  to  serve  your 
lordship.     For  which  cause  hy  me  he  offereth  himselfe,  his 


aiiie 
river. 


2  A  RELATION  OF 


lands  and  subjects,  that  when  your  lordship  pleaseth  to  go 
through  his  countrie,  you  may  he  received  with  all  peace  and 
late,  served  and  obeyed ;  and  that  in  recompense  of  the  desire 
he  hath  to  see  you,  you  icill  doe  him  the  favour  to  let  him 
know  when  you  will  come  :  for  how  much  the  sooner,  so  much, 
the  greater  favour  he  shall  receive. 

The  Govcrnour  received  and  dispatched  him  graciously, 
giving  him  beades,  which  among  them  were  not  much  esteem- 
ed, and  some  other  things  to  carrie  to  his  lord.  And  he  gave 
licence  to  the  cacique  of  Coca  to  returne  home  to  his  owne 
countries.  The  cacique  of  Tallise  gave  him  such  men  for  bur- 
thens as  he  needed.  And  after  he  had  rested  there  twenty  daies, 
liee  departed  thence  toward  Tascaluca.     That  day  when  hee 

^Sftowne  ^'^i^t  from  Tallise,  hee  lodged  at  a  great  towne  called  Casiste. 
And  the  next  day  passed  by  another,  and  came  to  a  small 

Tascaluca.  towiic  of  Tascaluca  ;  and  the  next  day  hee  camped  in  a  wood 
two  leagues  from  the  towne  where  the  cacique  resided,  and 
was  at  that  time.  And  he  sent  the  master  of  the  campe,  Luys 
de  Moscoso,  with  fifteen  horsemen,  to  let  him  know  how  hee 
was  comming.  The  cacique  was  in  his  lodgings  under  a 
canopie  :  and  without  doores,  right  against  his  lodgings,  in 
an  high  place,  they  spread  a  mat  for  him,  and  two  cushions 
one  upon  another,  where  he  sat  him  downe,  and  his  Indians 
placed  themselves  round  about  him,  somewhat  distant  from 
him,  so  that  they  made  a  place,  and  a  void  roome  where  he 
sate  :  and  his  chiefest  men  were  neerest  to  him,  and  one  with 
a  shadow  of  deeres  skinne,  which  kept  the  sunne  from  him, 
being  round,  and  of  the  bignes  of  a  target,  quartered  ^vith 
black  and  white,  having  a  rundelP  in  the  middest :  a  farre  off 
it  seemed  to  be  of  tafllita,  because  the  colours  were  very  per- 
fect. It  was  set  on  a  small  staffe  stretched  wide  out.  This 
was  the  device  which  hee  carried  in  his  warres.  Hee  was  a 
man  of  very  tall  stature,  of  great  limmes,  and  spare,  and  well 

1  A  rundle,  or  ch'cle,  from  the  Fr.  rondelle,  which  in  Cotgrave  is 
described  as  "  a  buckler,  or  little  target"'. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  73 

proportioned,  and  was  much  feared  of  his  neighbours  and 
subjects.  He  was  lord  of  many  territories  and  much  people. 
In  his  countenance  hee  was  very  grave.  After  the  master  of 
the  campe  had  spoken  with  him,  he  and  those  that  went  with 
him  coursed  their  horses,  pransing  them  to  and  fro,  and  now 
and  then  toward  the  place  where  the  cacique  was,  who  with 
much  gravitie  and  dissimulation  now  and  then  lifted  up  his 
eies,  and  beheld  them  as  it  were  with  disdaine.  At  the 
Governours  comming,  hee  made  no  offer  at  all  to  rise.  The 
Governour  tooke  him  by  the  hand,  and  both  of  them  sat 
downe  tosrether  on  a  seate  which  was  under  the  cloth  of 
estate.     The  cacique  said  these  words  unto  him  : 

Mighty  lord,  I  hid  your  lordship  right  hartily  welcome. 
I  receive  as  much  pleasure  and  contentment  with  your  sight, 
as  if  you,  xoere  my  brother  whoyn  I  dearely  loved :  upon  this 
point  it  is  not  needfull  to  use  many  reasons  ;  since  it  is  no 
discretio7i  to  speahe  that  in  mamj  wordes  which  infeto  may 
he  uttered.  Hoio  much  the  greater  the  will  is,  so  much  more 
giveth  it  7iame  to  the  workes,  and  the  workes  give  testimonie 
of  the  truth.  Now  touching  my  will,  hy  it  you  shall  knoiv, 
how  certain  and  manifest  it  is,  and  hoiv  pure  inclination  I 
have  to  serve  you.  Concerning  the  favour  which  you  did  me, 
in  the  things  which  you  sent  me,  I  make  as  much  account  of 
them  as  is  reaso7i  to  esteeme  them  :  and  chiefly  hecause  they 
were  yours.     Now  see  what  service  you  will  command  me. 

The  Governour  satisfied  him  with  sweet  words,  and  with 
great  brevitie.     When  hee  departed  from  thence,  he  deter- 
mined to  Carrie  him  along  with  him  for  some  causes,  and  at 
two  dales  journie  hee  came  to  a  towne  called  Piache,  by  which  Piache. 
there  passed  a  ffreat  river.    The  Governour  demanded  canoes  a  great 

•^  '-'  river. 

of  the  Indians  :  they  said,  they  had  them  not,  but  that  they 
would  make  rafts  of  canes  and  drie  timber,  on  which  he 
might  passe  well  enough.  And  they  made  them  with  all 
diligence  and  speed,  and  they  governed  them  ;  and  because 

L 


Mavilla. 
18  of  Octo- 
ber. 


74  A  RELATION  OF 

the  water  went  very  slow,  the   Governour  and  his  people 
passed  very  well. 

From  the  port  de  Spirito  Santo  to  Apalache,  which  is  about 
an  hundred  leagues,  the  Governour  went  from  east  to  west ; 
and  from  Apalache  to  Cutifa-Chiqui,  which  are  four  hun- 
di'ed  and  thirty  leagues,  from  the  south-west  to  the  north- 
east :  and  from  Cutifa-Chiqui  to  Xualla,  which  are  about 
two  hundred  and  fiftie  leagues,  from  the  south  to  the  north  ; 
and  from  Xualla  to  Tascaluca,  which  are  two  hundred  and 
fiftie  leagues  more,  an  hundred  and  ninetie  of  them  he  tra- 
velled from  east  to  west,  to  wit,  to  the  province  of  Coca  :  and 
the  other  sixty  from  Coca  to  Tascaluca,  from  the  north  to  the 
south. 

Having  passed  the  river  of  Piache,  a  Christian  went  from 
his  companie  from  thence  to  seeke  a  woman  slave  that  was 
runne  away  from  him,  and  the  Indians  either  tooke  him  cap- 
tive, or  slue  him.  The  Governour  urged  the  cacique  that 
he  should  give  account  of  him,  and  thi'eatned  him,  that  if  he 
were  not  found,  he  would  never  let  him  loose.  The  cacique 
sent  an  Indian  from  thence  to  Ma^-illa,  whither  they  were 
travelling,  which  was  a  towne  of  a  principall  Indian  and  his 
subject,  saying,  that  he  sent  him  to  advise  them  to  make 
readie  victuals,  and  men  for  carriages.  But  (as  afterward 
appeared)  hee  sent  him  to  assemble  all  the  men  of  warre 
thither,  that  hee  had  in  his  countrie. 

The  Governour  travelled  three  dales ;  and  the  third  day  he 
passed  all  day  through  a  peopled  countrie  :  and  he  came  to 
Mavilla  upon  Monday  the  18  of  October.  He  went  before 
the  camp  with  fifteen  horsemen  and  thirty  footemen.  And 
from  the  towne  came  a  Chi'istian,  whom  he  had  sent  to  the 
principall  man  three  or  foure  dales  before,  because  he  should 
not  absent  himselfe,  and  also  to  learne  in  what  sort  the  In- 
dians were  :  who  told  him  that  hee  thought  they  were  in  an 
evill  purpose  :  for  while  hee  was  there,  there  came  manie 
people   into   the  towne,  and  many  weapons,  and  that  they 


DON  FERDINAINDO  DE  SOTO.  75 

made  srreat  haste  to  fortifie  the  wall.     Luys  de  Moscoco  told  Maviiia 

^  .  .  *  walled. 

the  Governour,  that  it  would  bee  good  to  lodge  in  the  field, 
seeing  the  Indians  were  of  snch  disposition :  and  hee  answered, 
that  he  would  lodge  in  the  towne,  for  hee  was  wearie  of  lodg- 
ing in  the  field.  When  hee  came  neere  unto  the  towne,  the 
cacique  came  foorth  to  receive  him,  with  many  Indians  inlay- 
ing upon  flutes  and  singing  :  and  after  hee  had  offered  him- 
selfe,  hee  presented  him  with  three  mantles  of  marterns.    The  '^^^^'^'^  "^*"- 

-^  ties  ot  mar 

Governour,  with  both  the  caciques,  and  seven  or  eight  men  ^'^"''^ 
of  his  guard,  and  three  or  foure  horsemen,  which  alighted  to 
accompanie  him,  entred  into  the  towne,  and  sat  him  downe 
under  a  cloth  of  estate.  The  cacique  of  Tascaluca  requested 
him,  that  hee  would  let  him  remaine  in  that  towne,  and  trou- 
ble him  no  more  with  travelling :  and  seeing  he  would  not 
give  him  leave,  in  his  talke  he  changed  his  purpose,  and 
dissemblinglie  fained  that  he  would  speake  with  some  prin- 
cipall  Indians,  and  rose  up  from  the  place  where  hee  sate 
with  the  Governour,  and  entred  into  a  house,  where  many 
Indians  were  with  their  bowes  and  arrowes.  The  Govern- 
our when  he  saw  he  returned  not,  called  him,  and  he  an- 
swered, that  he  would  not  come  out  from  thence,  neither 
would  he  goe  any  farther  then  that  towne,  and  that  if  he 
would  goe  his  way  in  peace,  hee  should  presently  depart, 
and  should  not  seeke  to  carrie  him  perforce  out  of  his  coun- 
trie  and  territorie. 


76  A  RELATION  OF 


CHAPTER    XVIII. 

Hoio  the  Indians  rose  against  the  Governour,  and  what  ensued 

thereupon. 

The  Governour  seeing  the  deteraimation  and  furious 
answere  of  the  cacique,  went  about  to  pacific  him  with  faire 
words ;  to  which  he  gave  no  answere,  but  rather  ^\'ith  much 
pride  and  disdaine  withdrew  himselfe  where  the  Govemour 
might  not  see  him,  nor  speake  with  him.  As  a  principal! 
Indian  passed  that  way,  the  Governor  called  him,  to  send 
him  word  that  hee  might  remaine  at  his  pleasure  in  his 
countrie,  and  that  it  would  please  him  to  give  him  a  guide, 
and  men  for  carriages,  to  see  if  hee  could  pacific  him  with 
mild  words.  The  Indian  answered  Avith  great  pride,  that 
hee  would  not  hearken  unto  him.  Baltasar  de  Gallegos,  which 
A  gowne  of  stood  bv,  tookc  hold  of  a  gowne  of  marterns  which  hee  had 

iiianerns.  '^  .  . 

on,  and  hee  cast  it  over  his  head  and  left  it  in  his  hands  ; 
and  because  all  of  them  immediately  began  to  stirre,  Baltasar 
de  Gallegos  gave  him  such  a  Avound  Avith  his  coutilas,  that 
hee  opened  him  doAvne  the  backe,  and  presently  all  the  Indians 
Avith  a  great  crie  came  out  of  the  houses  shooting  their 
arroAves.  The  Governour  considering  that  if  hee  tarried  there, 
hee  could  not  escape,  and  if  hee  commanded  his  men  to  come 
in,  AA  hich  Avere  Avithout  the  towne,  the  Indians  Avithin  the 
houses  might  kill  their  horses,  and  doe  much  hurt,  ranne  out 
of  the  toAvne ;  and  before  hee  came  out,  hee  fell  twice  or 
thrice,  and  those  that  Avere  with  him  did  hel^^e  him  up  againe  ; 
and  he  and  those  that  were  with  him  were  sore  wounded ;  and 
in  a  moment  there  were  five  Christians  slaine  in  the  towne. 
The  Governour  came  running  out  of  the  toAvne,  crpng  out, 
that  every  man  should  stand  farther  off",  because  from  the 
wall  they  did  them  much  hurt.  The  Indians  seeing  that  the 
Christians  retiied,  and  some  of  them,  or  the  most  part,  more 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  77 

then  an  ordinary  pase,  shot  with  great  boldnesse  at  them,  and 
strooke  downe  such  as  they  could  overtake.  The  Indians 
which  the  Christians  did  lead  with  them  in  chaines,  had  laid 
downe  their  burthens  neere  unto  the  wall ;  and  as  soone  as 
the  Governour  and  his  men  were  retired,  the  men  of  Mavilla 
laid  them  on  the  Indians  backs  againe,  and  tooke  them  into 
the  towne,  and  loosed  them  presently  from  their  chaines,  and 
gave  them  bowes  and  arrowes  to  fight  withall.  Thus  they 
possessed  themselves  of  al  the  clothes  and  perles,  and  all  that  ^^  t'le 

-^  -^  .  clothes  and 

the  Christians  had,  which  their  slaves  carried.  And  because  chSian?^ 
the  Indians  had  been  alwaies  peaceable  untill  wee  came  to  ''^^^'^  "^ 
this  place,  some  of  our  men  had  their  weapons  in  their  fardels^ 
and  remained  unarmed.  And  from  others  that  had  entred 
the  towne  with  the  Governour,  they  had  taken  swords  and 
halebards,  and  fought  with  them.  When  the  Governour 
was  gotten  into  the  field,  hee  called  for  an  horse,  and  with 
some  that  accompanied  him,  hee  returned  and  slew  two  or 
three  Indians.  All  the  rest  retired  themselves  to  the  towne, 
and  shot  with  their  bowes  from  the  wall.  And  those  which 
presumed  of  their  nimblenes,  sallied  foorth  to  fight  a  stones 
cast  from  the  wall ;  and  when  the  Christians  charged  them, 
they  retired  themselves  at  their  leasure  into  the  towne.  At 
the  time  that  the  broile  began,  there  were  in  the  towne  a 
frier  and  a  priest,  and  a  servant  of  the  Governour,  with  a 
woman  slave  ;  and  they  had  no  time  to  come  out  of  the  towne  ; 
and  they  tooke  an  house,  and  so  remained  in  the  towne. 

The  Indians  being  become  masters  of  the  place,  they  shut 
the  doore  with  a  field  gate ;  and  among  them  was  one  sword 
which  the  Governour's  servant  had,  and  with  it  he  set  him- 
selfe  behind  the  door,  thrusting  at  the  Indians  which  sought 
to  come  into  them ;  and  the  frier  and  the  priest  stood  on  the 
other  side,  each  of  them  with  a  barre  in  their  hands  to  beate 
him  downe  that  first  came  in.  The  Indians  seeing  they 
could  not  get  in  by  the  doore,  began  to  uncover  the  house 

^  The  bundles,  or  packs,  which  each  man  carried. 


78  A  RELATION  OF 

top.  By  this  time,  all  the  horsemen  and  footemen  which  were 
behind,  were  come  to  Mavilla.  Here  there  were  sundrie 
opinions,  whether  they  should  charge  the  Indians,  to  enter 
the  townc,  or  ^\  hether  they  should  leave  it,  because  it  was 
hard  to  enter :  and  in  the  end  it  was  resolved  to  set  upon 
them. 


CHAPTER  XIX. 


A  consulta- 
tion of  the 
Indians   to 
send  away 
their  caci 


How  the  Governour  set  his  men  in  order,  and  entred  the  towne  of 

Mavilla. 

As  soone  as  the  battell  and  the  rereward  were  come  to 
Mavilla,  the  Governour  commanded  all  those  that  were  best 
armed  to  alight,  and  make  foure  squadrons  of  footmen.     The 
Indians,  seeing  how  he  was  setting  his  men  in  order,  con- 
cluded with  the  cacique,  that  hee  should  goe  his  way,  say- 
que?  """'     ing  unto  him,  as  after  it  was  knowne  by  certaine  women  that 
were  taken  there,  that  he  was  but  one  man,  and  could  fight 
but  for  one  man,  and  that  they  had  there  among  them  many 
principall  Indians  verie  valiant  and  expert  in  feates  of  armes, 
that  any  one  of  them  was  able  to  order  the  people  there ;  and 
forasmuch  as  matters  of  warre  were  subject  to  casualtie,  and 
it  was  uncertaine  which  part  should  overcome,  they  wished 
him  to  save  himselfe,  to  the  end  that  if  it  fel  out  that  they 
should  end  their  dales  there,  as  they  determined,  rather  then 
to  be   overcome,  there  might  remaine  one  to   governe  the 
countrie.     For  all  this  hee  would  not  have  gon  away  :  but 
they  urged  him  so  much,  that  with  fifteene  or  twentie  Indians 
of  his  owne,  hee  went  out  of  the  towne,  and  carried  away  a 
skarlat  cloke,  and  other  things  of  the  Christians  goods  ;  as 
much  as  hee  was  able  to  carrie,  and  seemed  best  unto  him. 
The  Governour  was  informed  how  there  went  men  out  of  the 
towne,  and  hee  commanded  the  horsemen  to  beset  it,  and 


DON  FERDINANDO  DP:  SOTO.  79 

sent  in  every  squadron  of  footemen  one  souldier  with,  a  fire- 
brand to  set  fire  on  the  houses,  that  the  Indians  might  have 
no  defense.  All  his  men  being  set  in  order,  hee  commanded 
an  harcubuz  to  bee  shot  off.  The  signe  being  given,  the 
foure  squadrons,  every  one  by  itselfe  with  great  furie,  gave 
the  onset,  and  with  great  hurt  on  both  sides  they  entred  the 
towne.  The  frier  and  the  priest,  and  those  that  were  with 
them  in  the  house  were  saved,  which  cost  the  lives  of  two  men 
of  account  and  valiant,  which  came  thither  to  succour  them. 
The  Indians  fought  with  such  courage,  that  many  times  they 
drave  our  men  out  of  the  towne.  The  fight  lasted  so  long, 
that  for  wearinesse  and  great  thirst  many  of  the  Christians 
went  to  a  poole  that  was  neere  the  wal,  to  drink,  which  was 
all  stained  with  blood  of  the  dead,  and  then  came  againe  to 
fight.  The  Governour  seeing  this,  entered  among  the  foote- 
men into  the  towne  on  horseback,  with  certaine  that  accom- 
panied him,  and  was  a  meane  that  the  Christians  came  to  set 
fire  on  the  houses,  and  brake  and  overcame  the  Indians,  who 
running  out  of  the  towne  from  the  footemen,  the  horsemen 
without  drave  in  at  the  gates  again,  where  being  without  all 
hoj^e  of  life,  they  fought  valiantly,  and  after  the  Christians 
came  among  them  to  handy  blows,  seeing  themselves  in  great 
distresse  without  any  succour,  many  of  them  fled  into  the 
burning  houses,  where  one  upon  another  they  were  smo- 
thered and  burnt  in  the  fire. 

The  whole  number  of  the  Indians  that  died  in  this  towne, 
were  two  thousand  and  five  hundred,  little  more  or  lesse.    Of  The  death 

^  of  2,500 

the  Christians  there  died  eighteene  ;  of  which  one  was  Don  Indians. 
Carlos,  brother-in-law  to  the  Governour,  and  a  nephew  of 
his,  and  one  John  de  Games,  and  Men  Rodrigues,  Portugals, 
and  John  Yasquez  de  Villanova  de  Barca  Rota,  all  men  of 
honour,  and  of  much  valour  :  the  rest  were  footemen.  Besides 
those  that  were  slaine,  there  were  an  hundred  and  fiftie 
wounded  with  700  wounds  of  their  arrowes :  and  it  pleased 
God  that  of  very  dangerous  wounds  they  were  quickly  healed. 


80  A   RELATION  OF 

Moreover,  there  were  twelve  horses  slainc,  and  seventie  hurt. 
All  the  clothes  which  the  Christians  carried  with  them  to 
clothe  themselves  withall,  and  the  ornaments  to  say  masse, 
and  the  perles,  were  all  burnt  there :  and  the  Christians  did 
set  them  on  fire  themselves,  because  they  held  for  a  greater 
inconvenience  the  hurt  which  the  Indians  might  doe  them 
from  those  houses,  where  they  had  gathered  all  those  goods 
together,  then  the  losse  of  them.  Here  the  Governour  under- 
ochiS  sbfe  stood  that  Francisco  Maldonado  waited  for  him  at  the  jDort  of 
iijrfnmi"^  Ochuse,  and  that  it  was  sixe  dales  journie  from  thence  ;  and 
he  dealt  with  John  Ortiz  to  keepe  it  secret,  because  he  had 
not  accomplished  that  which  he  determined  to  doe,  and 
because  the  perles  were  burnt  there,  which  he  meant  to  have 
sent  to  Cuba  for  a  shew,  that  the  people,  hearing  the  newes, 
might  be  desirous  to  come  to  that  countrie.  He  feared  also, 
that  if  they  should  have  newes  of  him  without  seeing  from 
Florida  neither  gold,  nor  silver,  nor  anything  of  value,  it 
woidd  get  such  a  name,  that  no  man  would  seeke  to  goe 
thither,  when  he  should  have  neede  of  pe'ople.  And  so  he 
determined  to  send  no  newes  of  himselfe,  untill  hee  had  found 
some  rich  countrie. 


CHAPTER    XX. 


Bov)  the  Governour  departed  from  Mavilla  toward  Chimga,  and  what 

happened  unto  him. 

From  the  time  that  the  Governour  entred  into  Florida, 
untill  his  departure  from  Mavilla,  there  died  an  hundred  and 
two  Christians,  some  of  sickeness,  and  others  which  the 
Indians  slew.  Hee  staled  in  Mavilla,  because  of  the  wounded 
men,  eight  and  twentie  dales  ;  all  which  time  he  lay  in  the 
field.     It  was  a  well  inhabited  and  a  fat  countrie  :  there  ^vere 


DON   FERDINANDO  1)E  SOTO.  81 

some  o'reat  and  walled  towiies  ;   and  many  houses  scattered  ^^I'^'^^t  and 

"  walled 

all  about  the  fields,  to  wit,  a  crosscbow  shot  or  two  the  one  toques. 
from  the  other.     Upon  Sonday  the  18th  of  November,  when  l^  of  no- 
the  hurt  men  were  knowne  to  bee  healed,  the  Governour 
departed  from  Mavilla.     Every  one  furnished  himselfe  with 
maiz  for  two  dales,  and  they  travelled  five  dales  through  a 
desert :   they  came   to  a  province  called  Pafallaya,  unto    a 
towne,  named  Taliepatava ;   and  from  thence  they  went  -to  Taiio'iatnva. 
another,  called   Cabusto  :    neere   unto   it   ran  a  o'reat  river,  caimsto. 

A  prcat 

The  Indians  on  the  other  side  cried  out,  threatning  the  "ver. 
Chi'istians  to  kill  them,  if  they  sought  to  passe  it.  The 
Governour  commanded  his  men  to  make  a  barge  within  the 
towne,  because  the  Indians  should  not  perceive  it :  it  was 
finished  in  foure  dales ;  and  being  ended,  he  commanded  it 
to  be  carried  one  night  upon  sleds  halfe  a  league  up  the 
river.  In  the  morning  there  entred  into  it  thirtie  men  well 
armed.  The  Indians  perceived  what  was  attempted,  and 
those  which  were  neerest  came  to  defend  the  passage.  They 
resisted  what  they  could,  till  the  Christians  came  neere  them  ; 
and  seeing  that  the  barge  came  to  the  shore,  they  fled  away  canavaraies. 
into  the  groves  of  canes. 

The  Christians  mounted  on  horseback,  and  went  up  the 
river  to  make  good  the  passage,  whereby  the  Governour  and 
his  comj)anie  passed  the  river.  There  were  along  the  river 
some  townes  well  stored  with  maiz  and  french  beanes.  From  f^^l^^^^ 
thence  to  Chicaca  the  Governour  travelled  five  dales  throuo'h 
a  desert.  Hee  came  to  a  river,  where  on  the  other  side  were  a  river. 
Indians  to  defend  the  passage.  He  made  another  barge  in 
two  dales ;  and  when  it  was  finished,  the  Governour  sent  an 
Indian  to  request  the  cacique  to  accept  of  his  friendship,  and 
peaceably  to  expect  his  comming,  whom  the  Indians  that  were 
on  the  other  side  the  river  slew  before  his  face,  and  presently, 
making  a  great  shout,  went  their  way. 

Having  passed  the  river,  the  next  day,  being  the  17th  of  Decemberir. 
December,  the  Governour  came  to  Chicaca,  a  small  towne  of  cinca^a. 

:m 


82  A  RELATION  OF 

tvvcntic  houses.  And  after  they  were  come  to  Chicaca,  they 
were  much  troubled  with  cold,  because  it  was  now  winter  and 
it  snowed,  while  most  of  them  were  lodged  in  the  field,  before 
they  had  time  to  make  themselves  houses.  This  countrie  was 
very  Avell  peopled,  and  the  houses  scattered  like  those  of 
INIavilla,  fat  and  plentifull  of  maiz,  and  the  most  part  of  it  was 
fielding  :  they  gathered  as  much  as  sufficed  to  passe  the 
winter.  Some  Indians  were  taken,  among  which  was  one 
Avhom  the  cacique  esteemed  greatly.  The  Governour  sent  an 
Indian  to  signifie  to  the  cacique  that  he  desired  to  see  him, 
and  to  have  his  friendship.  The  cacique  came  unto  him  to 
oflfer  his  person,  countrie,  and  subjects,  and  told  him  that  he 
would  cause  two  other  caciques  to  come  to  him  in  peace ; 
who,  within  few  daies  after,  came  with  him,  and  with  their 
Indians  :  the  one  was  called  Alimamu,  the  other  Nicalasa. 
They  gave  a  present  unto  the  Governour  of  an  hundred  and 
fiftie  conies,  and  of  the  countrie  garments,  to  Tvdt,  of  mantles 
and  skinnes.  The  cacique  of  Chicaca  came  to  visit  him  many 
times;  and  sometimes  the  Governour  sent  to  call  him,  and 
sent  him  an  horse  to  goe  and  come.  He  complained  unto 
him,  that  a  subject  of  his  was  risen  against  him,  and  deprived 
him  of  his  tribute,  requesting  his  aide  against  him,  for  hee 
meant  to  seeke  him  in  his  countrie,  and  to  punish  him  accord- 
ing to  his  desert ;  which  was  nothing  els  but  a  fained  plot.  For 
they  determined,  as  soone  as  the  Governour  was  gone  with 
him,  and  the  campe  was  divided  into  two  parts,  the  one  part 
of  them  to  set  upon  the  Governour,  and  the  other  upon  them 
that  remained  in  Chicaca.  Hee  went  to  the  towne  where  he 
used  to  keep  his  residence,  and  brought  with  him  two  hun- 
dred Indians  with  their  bowes  and  arrowes.  The  Governour 
tooke  thirtie  horsemen  and  eightie  footemen,  and  they  went  to 
Saquechuma  (for  so  was  the  province  called  of  that  chiefe 
man,  which  he  said  had  rebelled)  :  they  found  a  walled  town, 
without  any  men ;  and  those  which  went  with  the  cacique 
set  fire  on  the  houses,  to  dissemble  their  treason.     But  by 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  83 

reason  of  the  great  care  and  hcedfulnesse,  that  was  as  well 
in  the  Governonr's  people  which  hee  carried  with  him,  as  of 
those  which  remained  in  Chicaca,  they  durst  not  assault  them 
at  that  time.  The  Governour  invited  the  cacique,  and  cer- 
taine  principall  Indians,  and  gave  them  hogges  flesh  to  eate. 
And  though  they  did  not  commonly  use  it,  yet  they  were  so 
greedie  of  it,  that  every  night  there  came  Indians  to  certaine 
houses  a  crossebow  shot  from  the  camp,  where  the  hogges 
lay,  and  killed  and  carried  away  as  many  as  they  cordd. 
And  three  Indians  were  taken  in  the  manner.  Two  of  them 
the  Governor  commanded  to  be  shot  to  death  with  arrowes  ; 
and  to  cut  off  the  hands  of  the  other ;  and  he  sent  him  so 
handled  to  the  cacique,  who  made  as  though  it  grieved  him 
that  they  had  oflended  the  Governour,  and  that  he  was  glad 
that  he  had  executed  that  punishment  on  them.  He  lay  in  a 
plaine  countrie  halfe  a  league  from  the  j^lace  where  the  Chris- 
tians lodged.  Foure  horsemen  went  a  stragling  thither,  to 
wit,  Francisco  Osorio,  and  a  servant  of  the  Marques  of  Astorga, 
called  Reynoso,  and  two  servants  of  the  Governour,  the  one 
his  page,  called  Kibera,  and  the  other,  Fuentes  his  chamber- 
laine  :  and  these  had  taken  from  the  Indians  some  skinnes, 
and  some  mantles,  wherewith  they  were  offended,  and  for- 
sooke  their  houses.  The  Governour  knew  of  it,  and  com- 
manded them  to  bee  apprehended ;  and  condemned  to  death 
Francisco  Osorio  and  the  chamberlaine,  as  principals ;  and  al 
of  them  to  losse  of  goods.  The  friers  and  priests,  and  other 
principall  persons,  were  earnest  with  him  to  pardon  Francisco 
Osorio  his  life,  and  to  moderate  his  sentence  ;  which  hee 
would  not  grant  for  any  of  them.  While  he  was  readie  to 
command  them  to  be  drawne  to  the  market-place  to  cut  off 
their  heads,  there  came  certaine  Indians  from  the  cacique  to 
complaine  of  them.  John  Ortiz,  at  the  request  of  Baltasar 
de  Gallegos  and  other  persons,  changed  their  words,  and  told 
the  Governour,  that  the  cacique  said,  he  had  notice  how  his 
lordship  held  those  Christians  in  prison  for  his  sake,  and  that 


March  1541 


84  A   RELATION?  OF 

tlicy  were  in  no  fault,  neither  had  they  done  him  any  wrong, 
and  that  if  he  woukl  do  him  any  favour,  he  should  set  them 
free.  And  he  told  the  Indians,  that  the  Goternour  said, 
he  had  them  in  prison,  and  that  he  would  punish  them  in 
such  sort,  that  they  should  bee  an  examj^le  to  others.  Here- 
upon the  Governour  commanded  the  prisoners  to  be  loosed. 
As  soone  as  March  was  come,  hee  determined  to  depart  from 
Chicaca,  and  demanded  of  the  cacique  two  hundred  men  for 
cariages.  He  sent  him  answere,  that  lice  would  speake  with 
his  principal!  men. 

Upon  Twcsday  the  eight  of  March,  the  Governour  went  to 
the  towne  where  he  was,  to  aske  him  for  the  men.  Hee  told 
him,  he  would  send  them  the  next  day.  As  soone  as  the 
Governour  was  come  to  Chicaca,  he  told  Luys  de  Moscoso, 
the  camp  master,  that  he  misliked  the  Indians,  and  that  he 
should  keepe  a  strong  watch  that  night,  which  hee  remembred 
but  a  little.  The  Indians  came  at  the  second  Avatch  in  foure 
squadrons,  every  one  by  itselfe  ;  and  as  soone  as  they  were 
descried,  they  sounded  a  drum,  and  gave  the  assault  with  a 
great  cry,  and  Avith  so  great  celeritie,  that  presently  they 
entred  with  the  scoutes,  that  were  somewhat  distant  from  the 
campe.  And  when  they  were  perceived  of  them  wliich  were 
chi.aca ^.et  iu  the  towue,  halfe  the  houses  were  on  fire,  which  they  had 

oil  lire  ^y  .  . 

the  iiiiiiiiiis.  kindled.  That  night  three  horsemen  chanced  to  bee  skouts  ; 
two  of  them  were  of  base  calling,  and  the  worst  men  in  all  the 
camp,  and  the  other,  which  Avas  a  nephew  of  the  GoA'ernour, 
Avhich  untill  then  was  held  for  a  tall  man,  shewed  himselfe 
there  as  great  a  coward  as  any  of  them  :  for  all  of  them  ran 
away.  And  the  Indians  Avithout  any  resistance  came  and  set 
the  toAvne  on  fire  ;  and  taried  Avithout  behind  the  doorcs  for 
the  Christians,  which  ran  out  of  the  houses,  not  having  any 
leasurc  to  arme  themsehes  ;  and  as  they  ran  hither  and  thi- 
ther, amazed  Avith  the  noise,  and  bhnded  with  the  smoke  and 
flame  of  the  fire,  they  kncAv  not  A^hich  Avay  they  Avcnt,  neither 
could  they  light  upon  their  aa  capons,  nor  saddle  their  horses. 


DON  FERUINANDO  DE  SOTO.  85 

neither  saw  they  the  Indians  that  shot  at  them.  Manie  of 
the  horses  were  burned  in  the  stables,  and  those  which  could 
breake  their  halters  gat  loose.  The  disorder  and  flight  was 
such,  that  every  man  fled  which  way  he  could,  without  leav- 
ing any  to  resist  the  Indians.  But  God  (which  chastiseth 
his  according  to  His  pleasure,  and  in  the  greatest  necessities 
and  dangers  sustaineth  them  with  His  hand)  so  blinded  the 
Indians,  that  they  saw  not  what  they  had  done,  and  thought 
that  the  horses  which  ran  loose  were  men  on  horseback, 
that  gathered  themselves  together  to  set  upon  them.  The 
Governour  only  rod  on  horsebacke,  and  with  him  a  soldier 
called  Tapia,  and  set  upon  the  Indians  ;  and  striking  the  first 
he  met  with  his  lance,  the  saddle  fell  with  him,  which  with 
haste  was  evill  girded,  and  so  hee  fell  from  his  horse.  And 
all  the  people  that  were  on  foote  were  fled  to  a  wood  out  of 
the  towne,  and  there  assembled  themselves  together.  And 
because  it  was  night,  and  that  the  Indians  thought  the  horses 
were  men  on  horsebacke  which  came  to  set  upon  them,  as  I 
said  before,  they  fled ;  and  one  onely  remained  dead,  and 
that  was  he  whom  the  Governour  slew  with  his  lance.  The 
towne  lay  all  burnt  to  ashes.  There  was  a  woman  burned, 
who,  after  shee  and  her  husband  were  both  gone  out  of  their 
house,  went  in  againe  for  certaine  perles,  which  they  had 
forgotten ;  and  when  she  would  have  come  out,  the  fire  was 
so  great  at  the  doore  that  shee  could  not,  neither  could  her 
husband  succour  her.  Other  three  Christians  came  out  of 
their  lodgings  so  cruelly  burned,  that  one  of  them  died  within 
three  dales,  and  the  other  two  were  carried  many  dales  each 
of  them  upon  a  couch  betweene  staves,  which  the  Indians  car- 
ried on  their  shoulders,  for  otherwise  they  could  not  travell. 
There  died  in  this  hurliburlie  eleven  Christians,  and  fiftie 
horses  ;  and  there  remained  an  hundred  hogges,  and  foure  Theincrease 
hundred  were  burned.  If  any  perchance  had  saved  any  °  ^ 
clothes  from  the  fire  of  Mavilla,  here  they  were  burned,  and 
many  were  clad  in  skinnes,  for  they  had  no  leasure  to  take 


86  A  RELATION  OF 

their  coatcs.  They  endured  much  cokl  in  this  phace,  and  the 
chiefest  remedie  were  great  fires.  They  spent  all  night  in 
turnings  without  slcepe :  for  if  they  warmed  one  side,  they 
freesed  on  the  other.  Some  invented  the  weaving  of  certaine 
mats  of  dric  ivic,  and  did  weare  one  beneath,  and  another 
above  :  many  laughed  at  tliis  device,  whom  afterward  neces- 
sity inforced  to  doe  the  like.  The  Christians  were  so  spoiled, 
and  in  such  want  of  saddles  and  Aveapons  which  were  burned, 
that  if  the  Indians  had  come  the  second  night,  they  had 
overcome  them  with  little  labour.  They  remooved  thence  to 
The  towue   the  towuc  wlicrc  the  cacique  was  wont  to  lie,  because  it  was 

\vhere  the 

cacique  lay.  in  a  cliampion^  countrie.    Within  eight  dales  after,  there  were 

Ash  trees,     many  lances  and  saddles  made.     There  were  ash  trees  in 

those  parts,  whereof  they  made  as  good  lances  as  in  Biscay. 


CHAPTER    XXL 


How  the  Indians  set  againe  upon  the  Christians,  and  how  tlie  Governour 

went  to  Alimamu,  heyond  which  towne  in  warlike  sort  they 

tarried  for  him  in  the  way. 

Upon  Wednesday,  the  15  of  March  1541,  after  the  Gover- 
nour had  lodged  eight  dales  in  a  plaine,  halfe  a  league  from 
the  place  which  he  had  wintered  in,  after  he  had  set  up 
a  forge,  and  tempered  the  swords  which  in  Cliica9a  were 
burned,  and  made  many  targets,  saddles,  and  lances,  on 
Tuesday  night,  at  the  morning  watch,  many  Indians  came  to 
assault  the  campe  in  three  squadrons,  every  one  by  them- 
selves. Those  which  watched  gave  the  alarme.  The  Gover- 
nour with  great  speed  set  his  men  in  order  in  other  three 
squadrons,  and  leaving  some  to  defend  the  campe,  went  out 
to  incounter  them.     The  Indians  were  overcome  and  put  to 

'  Champaign. 


DON  FEUDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  87 

flight.  The  ground  was  champion  and  fit  for  the  Christians 
to  take  the  advantage  of  them ;  and  it  was  now  breake  of 
day.  But  there  happened  a  disorder,  whereby  there  were 
not  past  thirtie  or  fortie  Indians  slaine ;  and  this  it  was,  that 
a  frier  cried  out  in  the  campe  without  any  just  occasion.  To 
the  campe,  To  the  campe ;  whereupon  the  Governour  and 
all  the  rest  repaired  thither,  and  the  Indians  had  time  to 
save  themselves.  There  were  some  taken,  by  whom  the 
Governour  informed  himselfe  of  the  countrie  through  which 
he  was  to  passe. 

The  25  of  Aprill  he  departed  from  Chicaca,  and  lodged  at  25of  Apiu. 
a  small  towne  called  Alimamu.  They  had  very  little  maiz,  Aiimamu. 
and  they  were  to  passe  a  desert  of  seven  dales  journie.  The 
next  day,  the  Governour  sent  three  captaines,  everie  one 
his  way,  with  horsemen  and  footemen,  to  seeke  provision  to 
passe  the  desert.  And  John  Dannusco,  the  auditor,  went 
with  fifteene  horsemen  and  forty  footemen  that  way  that  the 
Governour  was  to  goe,  and  found  a  strong  fort  made,  where 
the  Indians  staled  for  him,  and  many  of  them  walked  on  the 
top  of  it  with  their  weapons,  having  their  bodies,  thighes, 
and  amies,  okered  and  died  with  blacke,  white,  yellow,  and  Bjacke, 

^  ^  ^  J  '  white,  yel- 

red,  striped  like  unto  panes,  so  that  they  shewed  as  though  coimfrsl^  ^^^ 
they  went  in  hose  and  doublets  ;  and  some  of  them  had 
plumes,  and  others  had  homes  on  their  heads,  and  their  faces 
blacke,  and  their  eies  done  round  about  with  strakes  of  red, 
to  seeme  more  fierce.  As  soone  as  they  saw  that  the  Chris- 
tians approched,  with  a  great  crie,  sounding  two  drummes 
with  great  furie,  they  sallied  foorth  to  receive  them.  John 
Dannusco,  and  those  that  were  with  him,  thought  good  to 
avoid  them,  and  to  acquaint  the  Governour  therewith.  They 
retired  to  a  plaine  place,  a  crossebow  shot  from  the  fort  in 
sight  of  it,  the  footemen,  the  crossebowmen,  and  targetters, 
placed  themselves  before  the  horsemen,  that  they  might  not 
hurt  the  horses.  The  Indians  sallied  out  by  seven  and  seven, 
and  eight  and  eight,   to   shoote  their   arrowes,  and  retired 


88  A  RELATION  OF 

againe ;  and  in  sight  of  the  Christians  they  made  a  fire,  and 
tookc  an  Indian,  some  by  the  feete,  and  some  by  the  head, 
and  made  as  though  they  went  to  cast  him  into  the  fire,  and 
gave  him  first  many  knocks  on  the  head  ;  signifying,  that 
they  meant  so  to  handle  the  Cliristians.  John  Danusco 
sent  three  horsemen  to  advertise  the  Governour  hereof.  He 
came  presently  ;  for  his  intent  was  to  drive  them  from 
thence  ;  saying,  that  if  he  did  it  not,  they  would  be  em- 
boldned  to  charge  him  another  time,  when  they  might  doe 
him  more  harme.  He  made  the  horsemen  to  alight,  and 
set  his  men  in  foure  squadrons ;  the  signe  being  given,  they 
set  upon  the  Indians,  which  made  resistance  till  the  Chris- 
tians came  neere  the  fort,  and  as  soone  as  they  saw  they 
could  not  defend  themselves,  by  a  place  where  a  brooke 
passed  neere  the  fort,  they  ran  away,  and  from  the  other  side 
they  shot  some  arrowes ;  and  because  at  that  instant  we  knew 
no  ford  for  the  horses  to  passe,  they  had  time  enough  to  get 
out  of  our  danger.  Three  Indians  were  slaine  there,  and 
many  Christians  were  hurt,  whereof  within  few  dales  there 
died  fifteene  by  the  way. 

All  men  thought  the  Governour  to  bee  in  fault,  because  he 
sent  not  to  see  the  disposition  of  the  place  on  the  other  side 
of  the  river,  and  to  know  the  passage  before  hee  set  upon 
them.  For  with  the  hoj)e  they  had  to  save  themselves  by 
flight  that  way,  when  they  saw  none  other  meanes,  they 
fought  till  they  were  broken,  and  it  was  an  incouragement  to 
defend  themselves  untill  then,  and  to  oflfend  the  Christians 
without  any  danger  to  themselves. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SO'IO.  89 


CHAPTER    XXII. 

Hovj  the  Goveriiour  went  from  Alimamu  to  Quizquiz,  and  from  thence 
to  Rio  Grande,  or  the  Great  River. 

Three  dales  after  they  had  sought  some  maiz,  whereof 
they  found  but  little  store,  in  regard  of  that  which  was  need- 
full,  and  that  for  this  cause,  as  well  for  their  sakes  that  were 
wounded,  it  was  needfuU  for  them  to  rest,  as  for  the  great 
journie  they  were  to  march  to  come  where  store  of  maiz  was  ; 
yet  the  Governour  was  inforced  to  depart  presentlie  toward 
Quizquiz.    He  travelled  seven  dales  through  a  desert  of  manv  ^  ^'^^^^'^  P^ 

■^  o  J    seven  daiea. 

marlshes  and  thlcke  woods ;  but  it  might  all  be  travelled  on 
horseback,  except  some  lakes,  which  they  swamme  over. 
Hee  came  to  a  towne  of  the  province  of  Quizquiz  without  :^  ^ow"e  of 

-■-  -■-  Quizquiz. 

being  descried,  and  tooke  all  the  people  in  it  before  they 
came  out  of  their  houses.  The  mother  of  the  cacique  was 
taken  there ;  and  he  sent  unto  him  by  an  Indian,  that  he 
should  come  to  see  him,  and  that  he  would  give  him  his 
mother,  and  al  the  people  which  he  had  taken  there.  The 
cacique  sent  him  answere  againe,  that  his  lordship  should 
loose  and  send  them  to  him,  and  that  he  would  come  to  visit 
and  serve  him.  The  Governour,  because  his  people  for  want 
of  maiz  were  somewhat  weake  and  wearie,  and  the  horses 
also  were  leane,  determined  to  accomplish  his  request,  to  see 
if  hee  could  have  peace  with  him,  and  so  commanded  to  set 
free  his  mother  and  all  the  rest,  and  with  loving  words  dis- 
missed them,  and  sent  them  to  him. 

The  next  day,  when  the  Governour  expected  the  cacique, 
there  came  many  Indians  with  their  bowes  and  arrowes,  with 
a  purpose  to  set  upon  the  Christians.  The  Governor  had 
commanded  all  the  horsemen  to  be  armed,  and  on  horsebacke, 
and  in  a  readines.  When  the  Indians  saw  that  they  were 
readie,  they  staled  a  crossebow  shot  from  the  place  where 

N 


90  A  RELATION  OF 

the  Governour  was,  nccre  a  brooke.  And  after  halfe  ail 
houre  that  they  had  stood  there  stil,  there  came  to  the  camp 
sixe   principall   Indians,   and   said,  they  came   to   see  what 

prophecie.  people  thcy  werc  ;  and  that  long  agoe  they  had  been  in- 
formed by  their  forefathers,  that  a  white  people  should  sub- 
due them;  and  that  therefore  they  would  retume  to  their 
cacique,  and  bid  him  come  presently  to  obey  and  serve  the 
Governour  :  and  after  they  had  presented  him  with  sixe  or 
seven  skinnes  and  mantles  wdiich  they  brought,  they  tooke 
their  leave  of  him,  and  returned  with  the  other,  which  Avaited 
for  them  by  the  brookes  side.  The  cacique  never  came 
againe  nor  sent  other  message. 

Another  And  bccausc  in  the  towne  where  the  Governour  Iodised 

towue.  " 

there  was  small  store  of  maiz,  he  remooved  to  another  halfe 
S^RioX*^^'  ^  league  from  Rio  Grande,  where  they  found  plentie  of  maiz. 
SiStoJ^^       And  he  went  to  see  the  river,  and  found  that  neere  unto  it 
was  great  store  of  timber  to  make  barges,  and  good  situa- 
tion of  ground  to  incampe  in.     Presently  he  remooved  him- 
selfe  thither.     They  made  houses,  and  pitched  then*  campe 
in  a  plaine  field  a  crossebow  shot  from  the  river.    And  thither 
was  gathered  all  the  maiz  of  the  townes  which  they  had  latelie 
passed.     They  began  presently  to  cut  and  hew  doT\Ti  timber, 
and  to  saw  plankes  for  barges.     The  Indians  came  presently 
down  the  river ;  they  leaped  on  shore,  and  declared  to  the 
Governour,  that  they  were  subjects  of  a  great  lord,  whose 
RreaUonfou  ^^^^^^^  ^^^^^    Aquixo,   who    was    lord    of  many    townes,    and 
sSeT^Rio  governed  many  people  on  the  other  side  of  the  river,  and 
came  to  tell  him  on  his  behalfe,  that  the  next  day  he  with 
al  his  men  would  come  to  see  what  it  would  please  him  to 
command  him. 

*  The  Mississippi,  the  great  river  here  referred  to,  is  rightly  called  by 
Hakluyt  in  his  marginal  note  Rio  de  Espiritu  Santo,  as  is  proved  by  col- 
lation Avith  Biedma's  account  in  the  appendix  to  the  present  work.  This 
name  is  applied  to  the  Mississippi  in  Ogilby's  map  of  America,  1671  ; 
but  in  the  later  Dutch  maps  was  transferred  erroneously  to  the  river 
Apalachicola. 


DON  P^EUDINANDO  BE  SOTO.  91 

The  next  clay  with  speed,  the  cacique  came  with  two  huii-  J'^™  ^^^^es 
dred  canoes  full  of  Indians  with  their  bowcs  and  arrowes, 
painted,  and  with  great  plumes  of  white  feathers,  and  many 
other  colours,  with  shields  in  their  hands,  wherewith  they 
defended  the  rowers  on  both  sides,  and  the  men  of  warre 
stood  from  the  head  to  the  sterne,  with  their  bowes  and 
arrowes  in  their  hands.  The  canoe  wherein  the  cacique  was, 
had  a  tilt^  over  the  sterne,  and  hee  sate  under  the  tilt ;  and 
so  were  other  canoes  of  the  principall  Indians.  And  from 
under  the  tilt  where  the  chiefe  man  sat,  hee  governed  and 
commanded  the  other  people.  All  joyned  together,  and 
came  within  a  stones  cast  of  the  shore.  From  thence  the 
cacique  said  to  the  Governour,  which  walked  along  the  rivers 
side  with  others  that  waited  on  him,  that  he  was  come  thi- 
ther to  visit,  to  honour,  and  to  obey  him  ;  because  he  knew 
he  was  the  greatest  and  mightiest  lord  on  the  earth  :  there- 
fore he  would  see  what  he  would  command  him  to  doe.  The 
Governour  yeelded  him  thankes,  and  requested  him  to  come 
on  shore,  that  they  might  the  better  communicate  together. 
And  without  any  answere  to  that  point,  hee  sent  him  three 
canoes,  wherein  was  2:reat  store  of  fish,  and  loaves  made  of  ^^^'^^  ™'^'^^ 

''  o  ^  of  prunes. 

the  substance  of  prunes,-  like  unto  brickes.  After  he  had  re- 
ceived al,  he  thanked  him,  and  prayed  him  againe  to  come 
on  shore.  And  because  the  caciques  purpose  was,  to  see  if 
with  dissimulation  he  might  doe  some  hurt,  when  they  saw 
that  the  Governour  and  his  men  were  in  readinesse,  they 
began  to  goe  from  the  shore  ;  and  with  a  great  crie,  the 
crossebowmen  which  were  ready,  shot  at  them,  and  slue  five 
or  sixe  of  them.  They  retired  with  great  order ;  none  did 
leave  his  oare,  though  the  next  to  him  were  slaine  ;  and 
shielding  themselves,  they  went  farther  off.  Afterward  they 
came  many  times  and  landed  :  and  when  any  of  us  came 
toward  them,  they  fled  unto  their  canoes,  which  were  verie  ^anS^^^^' 
pleasant  to  behold ;   for  they  were  very  great  and  w^ell  made, 

'  An  awning  or  canopy.         '^  The  persimon — dios^yf/ros  Virgitiiana. 


92  A  RELATION  OF 

and  had  their  tilts,  plumes,  paveses,*  and  flagges,  and  with 
the  multitude  of  people  that  were  in  them,  they  seemed  to 
be  a  faire  armie  of  gallies.  In  thirtie  dales  space,  while 
Fouie  the  Governour  remained  there,  they  made  foure  barges  :  in 
made.  tlirec  of  which  hee  commanded  twelve  horsemen  to  enter,  in 
each  of  them  foure  ;  in  a  morning,  three  houres  before  day, 
men  which  hee  trusted  would  land  in  despight  of  the  Indians, 
and  make  sure  the  passage,  or  die,  and  some  footemen  being 
crossebowmen  went  with  them,  and  rowers  to  set  them  on 
the  other  side.  And  in  the  other  barge,  he  commanded  John 
de  Guzman  to  passe  with  the  footemen,  which  Avas  made 
captaine  instead  of  Francisco  Maldonado.  And  because  the 
streame  was  swift,  they  went  a  quarter  of  a  league  up  the 
river  along  the  bancke,  and  crossing  over,  fell  doA\T:ie  with 
the  streame,  and  landed  right  over  against  the  camp.  Two 
stones-cast  before  they  came  to  land,  the  horsemen  went  out 
of  the  barges  on  horsebacke  to  a  sandie  plot  of  very  hard  and 
cleere  ground,  w^here  all  of  them  landed  wdthout  any  resist- 
They  passe  ancc.    As  soouc  as  thosc  that  passed  first  were  on  land  on  the 

over  Rio  -•■ 

Graude.       other  Side,  the  barges  returned  to  the  place  where  the  Gover- 
nour was :  and  within  two  houres  after  sunne-rising,  all  the 
The  river     peoplc  wcrc  ovcr.    The  river  w^as  almost  halfe  a  leasrue  broad. 

here  almost  ■'••'-  ° 

broad ^^''^^^^  If  a  man  stood  still  on  the  other  side,  it  could  not  be  dis- 
cerned wiiether  he  were  a  man  or  no.  The  river  was  of  great 
depth,  and  of  a  strong  current;  the  water  was  alwaies  muddie  : 
there  came  doT\Tie  the  river  continually  many  trees  and  tim- 
ber, which  the  force  of  the  water  and  streame  brought  downe. 
There  was  great  store  of  fish  in  it  of  sundrie  sorts,  and  the 
most  of  it  differing  from  the  freshwater  fish  of  Spaine,  as 
hereafter  shall  be  shewed. 

'  Waste  cloths  which  hung  round  ahout  the  ship  to  hinder  men  from 
being  seen  in  the  fight  :  literally,  shields  or  bucklers. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  93 


CHAPTER    XXIII. 

How  the  Governour  departed  from  Aquixo  to  Casqui,  and  from  thence  to 

Pacaha  :  and  how  this  countrie  differeth  from  that  which 

we  had  passed. 

Having  passed  Rio  Grande,  the  Governour  travelled  a 
league  and  an  halfe,  and  came  to  a  great  towne  of  Aquixo, 
which  was  dispeopled  before  hee  came  thither.  They  espied 
thirtie  Indians  comming  over  a  plaine,  which  the  cacique  sent 
to  discover  the  Chi'istians  determination  :  and  as  soone  as 
they  had  sight  of  them,  they  tooke  themselves  to  flight.  The 
horsemen  pursued  them,  and  slue  tenne,  and  tooke  fifteene. 
And  because  the  towne,  whither  the  Governour  went,  was 
neere  unto  the  river,  he  sent  a  captaine,  Avith  as  many  men 
as  he  thought  sufficient  to  carrie  the  barges  up  the  river. 
And  because  in  his  travelling  by  land  many  times  he  went 
farre  from  the  river  to  compasse  the  creekes  that  came  from 
it,  the  Indians  tooke  occasion  to  set  upon  them  of  the  barges, 
and  put  them  in  great  danger,  because  that  by  reason  of  the 
great  current,  they  durst  not  leave  the  shore,  and  from  the 
bancke  they  shot  at  them.  As  soone  as  the  Governour  was 
come  to  the  towne,  hee  presently  sent  crossebow  men  downe  a  towne. 
the  river,  which  came  to  rescue  them  :  and  upon  the  comming 
of  the  barges  to  the  towne,  hee  commanded  them  to  bee 
broken,  and  to  save  the  iron  for  others,  when  it  should  bee 
needfull.  Hee  lay  there  one  night,  and  the  day  following 
hee  set  forward  to  seeke  a  province  called  Pacaha,  which  Pacaha 

neere  unto 

hee  was  informed  to  bee  neere  unto  Chisca,  where  the  In-  <^hisca. 
dians  told  him  there  was  gold.     He  passed  through  great  ^j-eat 
townes  of  Aquixo,  which  were  all  abandoned  for  feare  of  the 
Christians.     Hee  understood  by  certaine  Indians  that  were 
taken,  that  three  daies  journie  from  thence  dwelt  a  great 


94  A  RELATION  OF 

cacique,  whose  name  was  Casqiii.  Hce  came  to  a  small  river, 
where  a  bridge  was  made,  by  which  they  passed  :  that  day 
till  sunset  they  went  all  in  water,  which  in  some  places  came 
to  the  waste,  and  in  some  to  the  knees.  When  they  saw  them- 
selves on  dry  land,  they  Avere  very  glad,  because  they  feared 
they  should  wander  up  and  downe  as  forlorne  men  al  night 
in  the  water. 

The  first  ^^  noone  they  came  to  the  first  toA^aie  of  Casqui :   they 

t:"squi.  found  the  Indians  carelesse,  because  they  had  no  knowledge 
of  them.  There  were  many  men  and  women  taken,  and  store 
of  goods,  as  mantles  and  skinnes,  as  well  in  the  first  towne, 

tomle'^'^  as  in  another,  which  stood  in  a  field  halfe  a  league  from 
thence  in  sight  of  it,  whither  the  horsemen  ran.  This 
countrie  is  higher,  drier,  and  more  champion,  then  any  part 
bordering  neere  the  river,  that  untill  then  they  had  scene. 

^viIh"?of7'^^  There  were  in  the  fields  many  walnut  trees,  bearing  soft 
shelled  walnuts,^  in  fashion  like  bullets ;  and  in  the  houses 
they  found  many  of  them,  which  the  Indians  had  laid  up 
in  store.  The  trees  differed  in  nothing  else  from  those  of 
Spaine,  nor  from  those  which  we  had  scene  before,  but  onely 

Miu.y  mill-   ^\-^n^j^  they  had  a  smaller  leafe.     There  were  many  mulberrie 

berne   trees  -^  ♦' 

trees!^""'  trccs  aud  pluui  trees,  which  bare  red  plums  like  those  of 
Spaine,  and  other  gray,  somewhat  differing,  but  farre  better. 
And  all  the  trees  are  all  the  yeare  so  fruitfuU,  as  if  they  were 
planted  in  orchards  :  and  the  woods  were  verie  thinne.  The 
Governour  travelled  two  dales  through  the  countrie  of  Casqui, 
before  hee  came  to  the  towne  where  the  cacique  was  :  and 
the  most  of  the  way  w^as  alway  by  champion  ground,  which 

towiiL^'^'^*^  was  full  of  great  townes  ;  so  that  from  one  towne,  you  might 
see  two  or  three.  He  sent  an  Indian  to  certifie  the  cacique, 
that  hee  was  comming  to  the  place  where  hee  Avas,  with  in- 
tent to  procure  his  friendship,  and  to  hold  him  as  his  brother. 
Whereunto  he  answered,  that  he  should  be  welcome,  and 

*  The  pecan  nut — juglans  olivieformis  of  Micliaux. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  95 

that  lie  would  receive  him  with  speciall  good  wil,  and  accom- 
plish all  that  his  lordshij)  Avould  command  him.  Hee  sent 
him  a  present  upon  the  way  ;  to  wit,  skinnes,  mantles,  and 
fish.  And  after  these  compliments,  the  Governour  found 
all  the  townes,  as  he  passed,  inhabited  with  people,  which 
peaceablie  attended  his  comming,  and  offered  him  skinnes, 
mantles,  and  fish.  The  cacique,  accompanied  with  many 
Indians,  came  out  of  the  towne,  and  staled  halfe  a  league  on 
the  way  to  receive  the  Governour  ;  and  Avhen  hee  came  to 
him,  he  spake  these  words  folloAving : 

Right  high,  right  mighty,  and  renoioned  lord,  your  lord- 
ship is  most  hartilie  welcome.  As  soone  as  I  had  notice  of 
your  lordship,  of  your  poioer,  and  your  perfections,  although 
you  came  into  my  countrie,  killing  and  taking  captives  the  inha- 
hitants  thereof  and  my  subjects:  yet  I  determined  to  coyiforme 
my  will  unto  yours,  and  as  your  owne  to  interpret  in  good 
part  all  that  your  lordship  did :  heleeving  that  it  teas  conve- 
nient it  should  he  so  for  some  just  respect,  to  prevent  some 
future  matter  revealed  unto  your  lordship,  and  concealed  from 
me.  For  ivell  may  a  mischief  e  he  permitted  to  avoid  a  greater, 
and  that  good  may  come  thereof :  which  I  helieve  will  so  fall 
out.  For  it  is  no  reason  to  presimie  of  so  excellent  a  prhice, 
that  the  nohlenesse  of  his  heart  and  the  effect  of  his  ivill 
woidd permit  him  to  suffer  any  U7ijust  thing.  My  ahilitie  is 
so  small  to  serve  you  as  your  lordship  deserveth,  that  if  you 
respect  not  mine  ahundant  good  will,  which  humhlie  offer eth  all 
kind  of  service,  I  deserve  hut  little  in  your  presence.  But  if 
it  hee  reason  that  this  he  esteemed,  receive  the  same,  my  selfe, 
my  countrie,  and  suhjects  for  yours,  and  dispose  of  me  and 
them  at  your  pleasure.  For  if  I  were  lord  of  all  the  world, 
tvith  the  same  good  will  should  your  lordship  hy  me  he  re- 
ceived, served,  and  oheyed. 

The  Governour  answered  him  to  the  purpose,  and  satisfied 
him  in  few  words.  Within  a  while  after,  both  of  them  used 
words  of  great  offers  and  courtesie  the  one  to  the  other,  and 


96  A  RELATION  OF 

the  cacique  requested  him  to  lodge  in  his  houses.  The 
Governour,  to  preserve  the  peace  the  better,  excused  hini- 
selfe,  saying,  that  hee  would  lodge  in  the  fields.  And  be- 
cause it  was  very  hot,  they  camped  neere  certaine  trees  a 
The  chiefe  quarter  of  a  league  from  the  towne.     The  cacique  went  to 

towne  of  the  ^  .  .  ,  t     t  •        •  a 

cacique  of    his  to'v^^le,  and  came  agame  with  many  Indians  smgmg.     As 

Casqui. 

soone  as  they  came  to  the  Governour,  all  of  them  prostrated 
themselves  upon  the  ground.     Among  these  came  two  In- 
dians that  were  blind.     The  cacique  made  a  speech  :  to  avoid 
tediousnesse,  I  vnW  onely  tell  in  few  words  the  substance  of 
the  matter.     Hee  said,  that  seeing  the  Governour  was  the 
Sonne  of  the  sunne,  and  a  great  lord,  he  besought  him  to  doe 
him  the  favour  to  give  sight  to  those  two  blind  men.     The 
blind  men  rose  up  presently,  and  very  earnestly  requested 
the  same  of  the  Governour.     He  answered,  that  in  the  high 
heavens  was  He  that  had  power  to  give  them  health,  and 
whatsoever  they  could  aske  of  Him  ;   whose  servant  he  was. 
And  that  this  Lord  made  the  heavens  and  the  earth,  and  man 
after   His  o^vne  likenesse,  and  that  He   suffered  upon  the 
crosse  to  save  mankind,  and  rose  againe  the  third  day  ;  and 
that  He  died  as  He  was  man ;  and  as  touching  His  divinitie, 
He  was,  and  is  immortall ;  and  that  He  ascended  into  heaven, 
where  He  standeth  with  His  amies  open  to  receive  all  such 
as  turne  unto  Him.     And  straightway  he  commanded  him  to 
make  a  verie  high  crosse  of  wood,  which  was  set  up  in  the 
highest  place  of  the  towne  ;    declaring  unto  him,  that  the 
Christians  worshipped  the  same,  in  resemblance  and  memorie 
of  that  whereon  Christ  suffered.     The  Governour  and  his 
men  kneeled  downe  before  it,  and  the  Indians  did  the  like. 
The  Governour  willed  him,  that  from  thenceforth  hee  should 
worship  the  same,  and  should  aske  whatsoever  they  stoode  in 
need  of,  of  that  Lord  that  he  told  hmi  was  in  heaven.     Then 
he  asked  him  how  far  it  was  from  thence  to  Pacaha.     He 
said,  one  daies  journie  ;  and  at  the  end  of  his  countrie,  there 
was  a  lake  like  a  brooke,  which  falleth  into  Eio  Grande,  and 


BOX  FERDINANDO   DE  SOTO.  97 

that  hee  would  send  men  before  to  make  a  bridge  whereby 
he  might  passe. 

The  same  day  that  the   Govcrnour   departed  thence,  he 
lodored  at  a  towne  belono;ino^  to  Casqui:    and  the  next  day  a  towne 

^  .  ,  ^       ^  ^  "^    belong! ug 

hee  passed  in  sis^ht  of  other  townes,  and  came  to  the  lake,  tocasqui. 

i-  c}  '  '  Other 

which  was  halfe  a  crossebow  shot  over,  of  a  great  depth  and  t"^^"'-'*- 
current.  At  the  time  of  his  comming,  the  Indians  had  made 
an  end  of  the  bridge,  which  was  made  of  timber,  laid  one 
tree  after  another  :  and  on  one  side  it  had  a  course  of  stakes 
higher  then  the  bridge,  for  them  that  passed  to  take  hold  on. 
The  cacique  of  Casqui  came  to  the  Governour,  and  brought 
his  people  with  him.  The  Governour  sent  word  by  an  In- 
dian to  the  cacique  of  Pacaha,  that  though  hee  were  enemie 
to  the  cacique  of  Casqui,  and  though  hee  were  there,  yet  he 
would  doe  him  no  disgrace  nor  hurt,  if  he  would  attend  him 
peaceablie,  and  embrace  his  friendship  ;  but  rather  would 
intreate  him  as  a  brother.  The  Indian,  which  the  Govern- 
our sent,  came  againe,  and  said,  that  the  cacique  made  none 
account  of  that  which  hee  told  him,  but  fled  with  all  his  men 
out  at  the  other  side  of  the  towne.  Presentlie  the  Governour 
entred,  and  ran  before  with  the  horsemen  that  Avay  by  which 
the  Indians  fled;  and  at  another  towne  distant  a  quarter  of  a  Another 

towne. 

league  from  thence,  they  tooke  many  Indians  :  and  as  soone 
as  the  horsemen  had  taken  them,  they  delivered  them  to  the 
Indians  of  Casqui,  whom,  because  they  were  their  enemies, 
with  much  circumspection  and  rej eyeing  they  brought  to 
the  towne  where  the  Christians  were  :  and  the  greatest  grief 
they  had,  was  this,  that  they  could  not  get  leave  to  kill  them. 
There  were  found  in  the  towne  many  mantles,  and  deere  Mantles, 

deere  skins, 

skinnes,  lions  skins/  and  beares  skinnes,  and  many  cats  skins,  ^v^"*^ 

•^  ^  -7  ./  skinnes, 

Many  came  so   farre  poorely  apparrelled,   and  there   they  giSlIfand 
clothed  themselves  :  of  the  mantles,  they  made  them  cotes  skinnes. 
and  cassocks,  and  some  made  gownes,  and  lined  them  with 

^  Most  probably  puma  skins  (felis  concolor),  there  being  no  Uons  in 
North  America. 

O 


98 


A  RELATION  OF 


cats  skins  ;  and  likewise  theii'  cassocks.  Of  the  deeres  skinnes, 
some  made  them  also  jerkins,  shirts,  hose,  and  shooes:  and  of 
the  beare  skinnes,  they  made  them  verie  good  clokes :  for 
Targets  of  no  watcr  could  pierce  them.  There  were  targets  of  raw 
oxe  hides  found  there,  with  which  hides  they  armed  their 
horses. 


raw  oxe 
bides. 


CHAPTER    XXIY. 


Pacaha,   a 
very  great 
towne  beset 
^^  iih  towers. 


G  rent  walled 
townes. 


Nets  foimd. 


The  divers 
sorts  of  ex- 
cellent fish 
in   Kio 
Grande. 


Hovj  the  cacique  of  Pacaha  came  peaceablie  to  the  Governour,  and  the 
cacique  of  Casqui  absented  himself e,  and  came  againe  to  malce  his 
excuse  ;  and  hov:  the  Governour  made  them  both  friends. 

Upon  Wednesday,  the  19  of  June,  the  Governotir  entred 
into  Pacaha.  He  lodged  in  the  to^ATie,  where  the  cacique 
used  to  reside,  which  w^as  very  great,  walled,  and  beset  with 
towers,  and  many  loopeholes  were  in  the  towers  and  wall. 
And  in  the  towne  was  great  store  of  old  maiz,  and  great 
quantitie  of  new  in  the  fields.  Within  a  league  and  halfe  a 
league  were  great  townes  all  w^alled.  Wliere  the  Governour 
w^as  lodged,  was  a  great  lake,  that  came  neere  unto  the  wall ; 
and  it  entred  into  a  ditch  that  went  round  about  the  towne, 
wanting  but  a  little  to  environ  it  round.  From  the  lake  to 
the  great  river  was  made  a  weare,  by  the  which  the  fish  came 
into  it,  which  the  cacique  kept  for  his  recreation  and  sport : 
with  nets,  that  were  found  in  the  towne,  they  tooke  as  much 
as  they  would  ;  and  tooke  they  never  so  much,  there  was  no 
want  perceived.  There  was  also  great  store  of  fish  in  many 
other  lakes  that  were  thereabout,  but  it  was  soft,  and  not  so 
good  as  that  which  came  fii'om  the  river,  and  the  most  of  it 
was  different  from  the  fresh-water  fish  of  Spaine.  There  w^as 
a  fish  which  they  call  bagres  •}  the  third  part  of  it  was  head, 

'  The  cat-fish  of  the  Mississippi — silurus  Mississippiensis. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  99 

and  it  had  on  both  sides  the  gilles,  and  along  the  sides  great 
pricks  like  very  sharpe  aules :  those  of  this  kind  that  were  in  the 
lakes  were  as  big  as  pikes  :  and  in  the  river,  there  were  some 
of  an  hundred,  and  of  an  hundred  and  fiftie  pounds  weight,  and 
many  of  them  were  taken  with  the  hooke.  There  was  another 
fish  like  barbilles ;  and  another  like  breames,  headed  like  a 
delicate  fish,  called  in  Spaine  besugo,  betweene  red  and  gray. 
This  was  there  of  most  esteeme.  There  was  another  fish, 
called  a  pele  fish  :^  it  had  a  snout  of  a  cubit  long,  and  at  the 
end  of  the  upper  lip  it  was  made  like  a  peele.  There  was 
another  fish  like  a  westerne  shad :  and  all  of  them  had  scales, 
except  the  bagres,  and  the  pele  fish.  There  was  another  fish, 
wliich  sometimes  the  Indians  brought  us,  of  the  bignes  of  an 
hog  ;  they  called  it  the  pereo  fish  :~  it  had  rowcs  of  teeth  be- 
neath and  above.  The  cacique  of  Casqui  sent  many  times 
great  presents  of  fish,  mantles,  and  skinnes.  Hee  told  the 
Governour,  that  he  would  deliver  the  cacique  of  Pacaha  into 
his  hands.  He  went  to  Casqui,  and  sent  many  canoes  up  the 
river,  and  came  himselfe  by  land  with  many  of  his  people. 
The  Governour  with  forty  horsemen  and  sixty  footemen, 
tooke  him  along  with  him  up  the  river.  And  his  Indians 
which  were  in  the  canoes,  discovered  where  the  cacique  of 
Pacaha  was  in  a  little  island,  situated  betweene  two  amies 
of  the  river.  And  five  Christians  entred  into  a  canoe  wherein 
Don  Antonio  Osorio  went  before,  to  see  what  people  the 
cacique  had  with  him.  There  were  in  the  isle  five  or  sixe  f^oLmt''^ 
thousand  soules.     And  as  soone  as  they  saw  them,  supposing 

1  The  spade  or  shovel  fish — jpolyodon  spatula.  Flint  says  (Geography 
of  the  Mississippi  Valley,  i,  129),  "  We  have  never  remarked  this  fish  in 
any  Museum,  although  to  us  the  most  strange  and  whimsical-looking  fish 
we  ha,ve  seen."     There  are  several  specimens  in  the  British  Museum. 

^  The  words  "  pexe  pereo",  in  the  original  Portuguese,  are  in  all  pro- 
bability a  misprint  for  pexe,  or  peyxe,/sA,  and  porco,  hog^  the  two  words 
together  meaning  a  porpoise,  which  English  vv'oi'd  indeed  is  derived  from 
the  corresponding  Latin  words  joorcws  ^n'sm.  A  doubt  arising  from  the 
misprint,  Hakluyt  has,  perhaps  not  injudiciously,  preserved  in  his  trans- 
lation the  word  pereo  exactly  as  he  found  it. 


100  A   RELATION   OF 

that  the  Indians  which  were  in  the  other  canoes  were  also 
Christians,  the  cacique,  and  certaine  which  were  in  three 
canoes,  which  they  had  there  with  them,  fled  in  great  haste 
to  the  other  side  of  the  river.  The  rest,  with  great  feare  and 
danger,  lept  into  the  river,  where  much  people  was  drowTied, 
especially  women  and  little  children. 

Presently  the  Governour,  which  was  on  land,  not  knowing 
what  had  happened  to  Don  Antonio,  and  those  that  went  with 
him,  commanded  the  Christians  with  all  speed  to  enter  with 
the  Indians  of  Casqui  in  the  canoes,  which  w^ere  quickly  with 
Don  Antonio  in  the  little  island,  where  they  tooke  many  men 
and  women,  and  much  goods.  Great  store  of  goods,  which 
the  Indians  had  laid  upon  hurdles  of  canes,  and  rafts  of  tim- 
ber, to  carrie  over  to  the  other  side,  drave  down  the  river, 
wherewith  the  Indians  of  Casqui  filled  their  canoes  :  and  for 
feare  lest  the  Christians  would  take  it  from  them,  the  cacique 
Avent  home  with  them  downe  the  river,  without  taking  his 
leave  of  the  Governour;  whereupon  the  Governour  was  highly 
offended  with  him,  and  presently  returning  to  Pacaha,  he 
overran  the  countrie  of  Casqui  the  space  of  two  leagues, 
where  hee  tooke  twentie  or  thirtie  of  his  men.  And  because 
his  horses  Avere  wearie,  and  he  wanted  time  that  day  to  goe 
any  farther,  hee  returned  to  Pacaha,  with  determination 
within  three  or  foure  daies  after  to  invade  Casqui.  And 
presently  he  let  loose  one  of  the  Indians  of  Pacaha,  and  sent 
word  by  him  to  the  cacique,  that  if  hee  would  have  his  friend- 
ship, he  should  repaire  unto  him,  and  that  both  of  them 
would  make  warre  upon  Casqui.  And  presently  came  many 
Indians  that  belonged  to  Pacaha,  and  brought  an  Indian, 
instead  of  the  cacique,  wliich  was  discovered  by  the  caciques 
brother  which  was  taken  prisoner.  The  Governour  A^dshed 
the  Indians  that  their  master  himselfe  should  come  :  for  hee 
knew  very  well  that  that  jvas  not  hee  ;  and  told  them,  that 
they  could  doe  nothing  which  he  knew  not  before  they 
thought  it. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  TOl 

The  next  day  the  cacique  came,  accompanied  with  many  of^p^cS^^ 
Indians,  and  with  a  present  of  much  fish,  skinnes,  and  mantles,  thraover-*'^ 
He  made  a  speech  that  all  were  glad  to  heare,  and  concluded,  ^^^^' 
saying,  that  though  his  lordship,  without  his  giving  occasion 
of  offence,  had  done  him  hurt  in  his  countrie  and  subjects  ;  yet 
he  would  not  therefore  refuse  to  bee  his,  and  that  he  would  al- 
waies  be  at  his  commandemcnt.  The  Governour  commanded 
his  brother  to  be  loosed,  and  other  principall  Indians  that 
were  taken  prisoners.  That  day  came  an  Indian  from  the 
cacique  of  Casqui,  and  said,  that  his  lord  would  come  the 
next  day  to  excuse  himselfe  of  the  error  which  he  had  com- 
mitted, in  going  away  without  licence  of  the  Governour. 
The  Governour  willed  the  messenger  to  signifie  unto  him, 
that  if  he  came  not  in  his  owne  person,  he  would  seeke  him 
himselfe,  and  give  him  such  punishment  as  he  deserved. 
The  next  day  with  all  speede  came  the  cacique  of  Casqui, 
and  brought  a  present  to  the  Governour  of  many  mantles, 
skinnes,  and  fish,  and  gave  him  a  daughter  of  his,  sapng, 
that  he  greatly  desired  to  match  his  blood  with  the  blood  of 
so  great  a  lord  as  he  was,  and  therefore  he  brought  him  his 
daughter,  and  desired  him  to  take  her  to  his  wife.  Hee  made 
a  long  and  discreet  oration,  giving  him  great  commendations, 
and  concluded,  saying,  that  hee  should  pardon  his  going 
away  without  licence,  for  that  crosses  sake,  which  he  had  left 
with  him :  protesting,  that  hee  went  away  for  shame  of  that 
which  his  men  had  done  without  his  consent.  The  Govern- 
our answered  him,  that  hee  had  chosen  a  good  patrone  ;  and 
that  if  he  had  not  come  to  excuse  himselfe,  hee  had  deter- 
mined to  seeke  him,  to  burne  his  townes,  to  kill  him  and  his 
people,  and  to  destroy  his  countrie.  To  which  he  replied, 
saying  : 

My  lord,  I  and  mine  are  yours,  and  my  countrie  likewise 
is  yours  :  therefore  if  you  had  done  so,  you  shotdd  have  de- 
stroyed  your  owne  countrie,  a7id  have  killed  your  oione people : 
whatsoever  shall  come  unto  me  from  your  hand,  I  will  receive 


lOJi 


A    RELATION    OF 


Gold  and 
copper  ill 
Chisca. 


A  poore 
towne. 


Great  store 
of  oxen  to- 
ward the 
north  of 
Pacaha. 
This  is  like 
Qnivera. 


as  from  my  lord,  as  loell  punishment  as  reicard.  And  knoio 
you,  that  the  favour  ichich  you  did  me  in  leaving  me  the  crosse, 
I  do  acknowledge  the  same  to  he  a  very  great  one,  and  greater 
than  I  have  ever  deserved.  For  you  shall  understand,  that 
with  great  droughts,  the  fields  of  maiz  of  my  countrie  were 
w'ithered;  and  as  soone  as  I  and  my  people  kneeled  before  the 
crosse,  and  prayed  for  raine,  presently  our  necessitie  icas  re- 
lieved. 

The  Governour  made  him  and  the  cacique  of  Pacaha 
friends;  and  set  them  with  him  at  his  table  to  dine  Avith  him: 
and  the  caciques  fell  at  variance  about  the  seates,  -sA'hich  of 
them  should  sit  on  his  right  hand.  The  Governour  pacified 
them  ;  telling  them,  that  among  the  Christians,  all  was  one  to 
sit  on  the  one  side  or  on  the  other,  willing  them  so  to  behave 
themselves,  seeing  they  were  with  him,  that  no  bodie  might 
heare  them,  and  that  every  one  should  sit  in  the  place  that 
fii'st  hee  lighted  on.  From  thence  he  sent  thirtie  horsemen, 
and  fiftie  footemen  to  the  province  of  Caluca,  to  see  if  from 
thence  hee  might  travell  to  Chisca,  where  the  Indians  said 
there  was  a  worke  of  gold  and  copj)er.  They  travelled  seven 
daies  journie  through  a  desert,  and  returned  verie  wearie, 
eating  greene  plums  and  stalkes  of  mais,  which  they  found 
in  a  poore  towne  of  sixe  or  seven  houses.  From  thence  for- 
ward toward  the  north,  the  Indians  said,  that  the  country  was 
very  ill  inhabited,  because  it  was  very  cold  :  and  that  there 
were  such  store  of  oxen,  that  they  could  keepe  no  come  for 
them:  that  the  Indians  lived  upon  their  flesh.  The  Governor 
seeing  that  toward  that  part  the  countrie  was  so  poore  of 
maiz,  that  in  it  they  could  not  bee  sustained,  demanded  of 
the  Indians,  which  Avay  it  was  most  inhabited :  and  they 
said,  they  had  notice  of  a  great  provmce,  and  a  very  plenti- 
full  countrie,  which  was  called  Quigaute,  and  that  it  was 
toward  the  south. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  •  lOo 


CHAPTER   XXV. 

How  the  Governour  departed  from  Pacaha  to  Quigaute,  and  to  Coligoa^ 

and  came  to  Cay  as. 

The  Governour  rested  in  Pacaha  fortie  claies.  In  all 
which  time  the  two  caciques  served  him  with  great  store  of 
fish,  mantles,  and  skinnes,  and  strove  who  should  doe  him 
greatest  service.  At  the  time  of  his  departure,  the  cacique 
of  Pacaha  gave  him  two  of  his  sisters,  saying,  that  in  signe 
of  love  that  he  might  remember  him,  he  should  take  them 
for  his  wives :  the  ones  name  was  Macanoche,  and  the  others 
Mochila.  They  were  well  proportioned,  tall  of  bodie,  and 
well  fleshed.  Macanoche  was  of  a  good  countenance,  and 
in  her  shajDc  and  physiognomic  looked  like  a  ladie  ;  the  other 
was  strongly  made.  The  cacique  of  Casqui  commanded  the 
bridge  to  be  repaired,  and  the  Governour  returned  through 
his  countrey,  and  lodo^ed  in  the  field  neere  his  towne,  whither  The  cad- 

•^  "  ques  towne. 

hee  came  with  great  store  of  fish  and  two  women,  which  hee 
exchanged  with  two  Christians  for  two  shirts.  He  gave  us 
a  guide  and  men  for  cariasres.     The  Governour  lodged  at  a  a  towne  of 

,  ^  Casqui. 

towne  of  his,  and  the  next  day  at  another  neere   a  river, 
whither  he  caused  canoes  to  be  brought  for  him  to  passe  4™*"' 
over,  and  with  his  leave  returned.     The  Governour  tooke 
his  journie  toward  Quigaute.  Quigaute. 

The  fourth  day  of  August,  he  came  to  the  towne  where  The  fourth 

•^  .  .  .  ofAugu.st. 

the  cacique  used  to  keep  his  residencie  :  on  the  way  he  sent 
him  a  present  of  many  mantles  and  skinnes,  and  not  daring 
to  stay  for  him  in  the  towne,  he  absented  himselfe.     The  ^, 

•^  '  The  greatest 

towne  was  the  greatest  that  was  scene   in   Florida.       The  [n'^Fioriar^ 
Governour  and  his  people  lodged  in  the  one  halfe  of  it ;  and 
within  few  dales,  seeing  the  Indians  became  liars,  he  com- 
manded the  other  halfe  to  be  burned,  because  it  should  not 


104  A  RELATION  OF 

bee  a  shelter  for  theni;,  if  they  came  to  assault  him  by  night, 
nor  an  hindrance  to  his  horsemen  for  the  resisting  of  them. 
There  came  an  Indian,  very  well  accompanied  with  many 
Indians,  saying,  that  hee  was  the  cacique.  Pie  delivered 
him  over  to  the  men  of  his  guard  to  look  unto  him. 

There  went  and  came  many  Indians,  and  brovight  mantles 
and  skinnes.     The  counterfeit  cacique,  seeing  so  little  oppor- 
tunity to  execute  his   evill  thought,  as  hee  went  one  day 
abroad  talking  with  the  Governour,  he  shewed  him  such  a 
paire  of  heeles,  that  there  was  no  Christian  that  could  over- 
take him,  and  he  leaped  into  the  river,  which  was  a  crosse- 
bow  shot  from  the  towne ;  and  as  soone  as  he  was  on  the 
other   side,  many  Indians   that  were  thereabout  making  a 
great  crie,  began  to  shoote.    The  Governour  passed  presently 
over  to  them  with  horsemen  and  footemen,  but  they  durst 
not  tarrie  for  him.     Going  forward  on  his  way,  hee  came  to 
A  towne.      ^  towuc  whcrc  the  people  were  fled,  and  a  little  further  to  a 
lake,  where  the  horses  could  not  passe,  and  on  the  other  side 
were  many  women.    The  footemen  passed,  and  tooke  many  of 
them,  and  much  spoile.     The  Governour  came  to  the  camp  ; 
and  that  night  was  a  spie  of  the  Indians  taken  by  them  of  the 
watch.    The  Governour  asked  liim,  whether  he  would  bring 
him  where  the  cacique  was  ?    he  said  he  woidd.     And  he 
went  presently  to  seeke  him  with  twentie  horsemen  and  fiftie 
footemen ;  and  after  he  had  sought  him  a  day  and  an  halfe, 
hee  found  him  in  a  strong  wood ;  and  a  souldiour  not  know- 
ing him,  gave  him  a  wound  on  the  head,  and  he  cried  out  that 
he  should  not  kill  him,  saying,  that  he  was  the  cacique  ;  so 
he  was  taken,  and  an  hundred  and  fortie  of  his  men  with  him. 
The  Governour  came  againe  to  Quigaute,  and  willed  him 
to  cause  his  men  to  come  to  serve  the  Christians ;  and  stay- 
ing some  daies  for  their  comming,  and  seeing  they  came  not, 
he  sent  two  cajitaines,  every  one  his  way,  on  both  sides  of 
the  river,  with  horsemen  and  footemen.     They  tooke  many 
men  and  women.     Now  seeing  the  hurt  which  they  sustained 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  105 

for  their  rebellion,  they  came  to  see  what  the  Governour 
would  command  them,  and  passed  to  and  fro  many  times, 
and  brought  presents  of  cloth  and  fish.  <^'^^i' 

The  cacique  and  his  two  wives  were  in  the  lodging  of  the 
Governour  loose,  and  the  halbardiers  of  his  guard  did  keepe 
them.  The  Governour  asked  them  which  way  the  countrie 
Avas  most  inhabited  ?  They  said,  that  toward  the  south, 
downe  the  river,  were  great  townes  and  caciques,  which 
commanded  great  countries,  and  much  people.  And  that 
toward  the  northwest,  there  was  a  province  neere  to  certaine 
mountaines,  that  was  called  Coligoa.  The  Governoar  and  cyiigoa, 
all  the  rest  thought  good  to  goe  first  to  Coligoa,  saying,  that  laine'^  moun- 

,  ,  .  Ill  T/r  r  tallies  north- 

peradventure  the  mountains  would  make  some  dinerence  oi  west. 
soile,  and  that  beyond  them  there  might  be  some  gold  or 
silver.  As  for  Quigaute,  Casqui,  and  Pacaha,  they  were 
plaine  countries,  fat  grounds,  and  full  of  good  medowes  on 
the  rivers,  where  the  Indians  sowed  large  fields  of  maiz. 
From  Tascaluca  to  Rio  Grande,  or  the  Great  River,  is  about 
three  hundred  leagues ;  it  is  a  very  low  countrie,  and  hath 
many  lakes.  From  Pacaha  to  Quigaute  may  be  an  hundred 
leagues.  The  Governour  left  the  cacique  of  Quigaute  in  his 
owne  towne ;  and  an  Indian,  which  was  his  guide,  led  him 
through  great  woods  without  any  way  seven  dales  journie 
through  a  desert,  where,  at  every  lodging,  they  lodged  in 
lakes  and  pooles  in  verie  shold  water :  there  was  such  store 
of  fish  that  they  killed  them  with  cudgils  -,  and  the  Indians, 
which  they  carried  in  chaines,  with  the  mud  troubled  the 
waters,  and  the  fish  being  therewith,  as  it  were,  astonied,  a  now  «uy 

to  Liike  lisli. 

came  to  the  top  of  the  water,  and  they  tooke  as  much  as 
they  listed. 

The  Indians  of  Coligoa  had  no  knowledge  of  the  Chris-  coiiyoa. 
tians ;    and  when   they  came   so  neere   the   towne  that  the 
Indians  saw  them,  they  fled  u^)  a  river,  which  passed  neere 
the  towne,  and  some  leaped  into  it,  but  the  Christians  went 
on  both  sides  of  the  river   and   tooke   them.     There  were 

p 


lOG  A  RELATION  OF 

many  men  and  women  taken,   and  the  caeique  with  them. 

And  by  his  commandement,  within  three  daies  came  many 

Indians  with  a  present  of  mantles  and  deeres  skinnes,  and 

Two  oxe      two  oxe  hides ;  and  they  reported,  that  five  or  sixe  leagues 

hides. 

from  thence  toward  the  north,  there  w^ere  many  of  these 
fstoreof       oxen,  and  that  because  the  countrie  was  cold,  it  w^as  evill 

oxen    to-  ■'  •' 

north.'^^*^  inhabited :  that  the  best  countrie  which  they  knew,  the 
most  plentifull,  and  most  inhabited,  was  a  province  called 

I'roin  Qui-   Cayas,  lying  toward  the  south.     From  Quiguate  to  Coligoa 

S'^iea-ues*!  may  be  forty  leagues.  This  town  of  Coligoa  stood  at  the 
foote  of  an  hill,  on  the  bank  of  a  meane  river,  of  the  bignesse 
of  Cayas,  the  river  that  passeth  by  Estremadura.  It  was  a 
fat  soile,  and  so  plentifull  of  maiz,  that  they  cast  out  the  old 
to  bring  in  the  new.  There  was  also  great  plentie  of  french 
beanes  and  pompions.  The  french  beanes  w^ere  greater  and 
better  then  those  of  S]3aine,  and  likewise  the  pompions,  and 
being  rosted,  they  have  almost  the  taste  of  chestnuts.  The 
cacique  of  Coligoa  gave  a  guide  to  Cayas,  and  staled  behind 
in  his  o\^aie  towne.     Wee  travelled  five  daies,  and  came  to 

The  1,10-     the  ]3rovince  of  Palisema.     The  house  of  the  cacique  was 

Piiiiseiuii.  found  covered  with  deeres  skinnes  of  divers  colours  and 
works  di'aw^ne  in  them,  and  wdth  the  same  in  manner  of  car- 
pets was  the  ground  of  the  house  covered.  The  cacique  left 
it  so,  that  the  Governour  might  lodge  in  it,  in  token  that  he 
sought  peace  and  his  friendship.  But  hee  durst  not  tarrie  his 
comming.  The  Governour,  seeing  he  had  absented  himselfe, 
sent  a  captaine  with  horsemen  and  footemen  to  seeke  him. 
Hee  found  much  people,  but  by  reason  of  the  roughnesse  of 
the  countrie,  he  tooke  none  save  a  few  women  and  childi'en. 
The  toAvne  was  little  and  scattering,  and  had  very  little  maiz  ; 
for   which  cause    the    Governour    speedilie    departed   from 

liiuiUeoya.  thcncc.  Hcc  cauic  to  another  towne  called  Tatalicoya ;  hee 
carried  with  him  the  cacique  thereof,  which  guided  him  to 

Cayas.  Cayas.  When  hee  came  to  Cayas,  and  saw  the  toAvne  scat- 
tered, hee  thought  they  had  told  him  a  lie,  and  that  it  was 


DON  FERBINANDO  DE  SOTO.  107 

not  the  province  of  Cayas,  because  they  had  informed  him 
that  it  was  well  inhabited.  He  threatned  the  cacique, 
charo'inof  him  to  tell  him  where  hee  was ;  and  he,  and  other 
Indians  which  were  taken  neere  about  that  place,  affirmed 
that  this  was  the  towne  of  Cayas,  and  the  best  that  was  in 
that  countrie ;  and  that  though  the  houses  were  distant  the 
one  from  the  other,  yet  the  ground  that  was  inhabited  was 
great,  and  that  there  was  great  store  of  people,  and  many 
fields  of  maiz.  This  towne  was  called  Tanico.  He  pitched  Tanico. 
his  cam]3e  in  the  best  part  of  it,  neere  unto  a  river. 

The  same  day  that  the  Governour  came  thither,  he  went 
a  league  farther  with  certaine  horsemen,  and  without  finding 
any  people ;  hee  found  many  skinnes  in  a  pathway,  which 
the  cacique  had  left  there,  that  they  might  bee  found,  in 
token  of  peace.     For  so  is  the  custome  in  that  countrie. 


CHAPTER    XXVI. 


Hov!  the  Governour  discovered  the  i:>rovince  of  Tidla,  and  what  happened 

unto  him. 

The  Governor  rested  a  moneth  in  the  province  of  Cayas. 
In  which  time  the  horses  fattened  and  thrived  more  then  in 
other  places  in  a  longer  time,  with  the  great  plentie  of  maiz 
and  the  leaves  thereof,  which  I  thinke  was  the  best  that  hath 
been  scene,  and  they  dranke  of  a  lake  of  very  hot  water,  and  Aiakenfimt 
somewhat  brackish,  and  they  dranke  so  much,  that  it  swelled  what  brack- 

^  isli  water. 

in  their  bellies  when  they  brought  them  from  the  watering. 
Untill  that  time  the  Christians  wanted  salt,  and  there  they  store  of  salt 
made  good  store,  which  they  carried  along  with  them.     The  cayas/ 
Indians    doe    carrie    it   to   other   places   to   exchange   it  for 
skinnes  and  mantles.     They  make  it  along  the  river,  which. 


Tulla. 


108  A  RELATION  OF 

when  it  cbbcth,  Icaveth  it  upon  the  upper  part  of  the  sand. 
And  because  they  cannot  make  it,  without  much  sand  mingled 
with  it,  they  throw  it  into  certaine  baskets,  which  they  have 
for  that  purpose,  broad  at  the  mouth,  and  narrow  at  the 
bottom,  and  set  it  in  the  aire  upon  a  barre,  and  throw  water 
into  it,  and  set  a  small  vessell  under  it,  wherein  it  falleth. 
Being  strained  and  set  to  boile  upon  the  fire,  when  the  water 
is  sodden  away,  the  salt  remaineth  in  the  bottome  of  the  pan. 
On  both  sides  of  the  river  the  countrie  was  full  of  sowne 
fields,  and  there  was  store  of  maiz. 

The  Indians  durst  not  come  over  where  wee  were  ;  and 
when  some  of  them  shewed  themselves,  the  souldiers  that  saw 
them  called  unto  them ;  then  the  Indians  passed  the  river, 
and  came  with  them  where  the  Governor  was.  He  asked 
them  for  the  cacique.  They  said  that  he  remained  quiet, 
but  that  he  durst  not  shew  himselfe.  The  Governour  pre- 
sently sent  him  word,  that  he  should  come  unto  him,  and 
bring  him  a  guide  and  an  interpretour  for  his  journie,  if  he 
made  account  of  his  friendship ;  and  if  he  did  not  so,  he 
would  come  himselfe  to  seeke  him,  and  that  it  would  bee 
the  worse  for  him.  Hee  waited  three  daies,  and  seeing  he 
came  not,  he  went  to  seeke  him,  and  brought  him  prisoner 
with  one  hundred  and  fifty  of  his  men.  He  asked  him, 
whether  hee  had  notice  of  any  great  cacique,  and  which  way 
the  countrie  was  best  inhabited.  Hee  answered,  that  the 
best  countrie  thereabout  was  a  province  toward  the  south,  a 
day  and  an  halfes  journie,  which  w^as  called  Tulla;  and  that 
he  could  give  him  a  guide,  but  no  interpretour,  because  the 
speech  of  that  countrie  was  different  from  his,  and  because 
he  and  his  ancestors  had  ahvaies  warres  with  the  lords  of 
that  province ;  therefore  they  had  no  commerce,  nor  under- 
stood one  anothers  language. 

Immediately  the  Governour,  with  certaine  horsemen  and 
fifty  footemen,  departed  toward  Tulla,  to  see  if  the  countrie 
were  such  as  hee  might  passe  through  it  with  all  his  com- 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  109 

jjanie :  and  as  scone  as  he  arrived  there,  and  was  espied  of 
the  Indians,  the  countrie  gathered  together,  and  as  soone  as 
fifteen  or  twenty  Indians  could  assemble  themselves,  they 
set  upon  the  Christians  ;  and  seeing  that  they  did  handle 
them  shrewdly,  and  that  the  horsemen  overtooke  them  when 
they  fled,  they  gat  up  into  the  tops  of  their  houses,  and 
sought  to  defend  themselves  with  their  arrowes ;  and  being 
beaten  downe  from  one,  they  gat  up  upon  another.  And 
while  our  men  pursued  some,  others  set  upon  them  another 
way.  Thus  the  skirmish  lasted  so  long,  that  the  horses  were 
tired,  and  they  could  not  make  them  runne.  The  Indians 
killed  there  one  horse,  and  some  were  hurt.  There  were 
fifteen  Indians  slain e  there,  and  forty  women  and  boies  were 
taken  prisoners.  For  whatsoever  Indian  did  shoot  at  them, 
if  they  could  come  by  him,  they  put  him  to  the  sword. 

The  Governour  determined  to  returne  toward  Cayas  before 
the  Indians  had  time  to  gather  a  head ;  and  presently  that 
evening,  going  part  of  the  night  to  leave  Tulla,  he  lodged 
by  the  way,  and  the  next  day  came  to  Cayas ;  and  within 
three  daies  after  he  departed  thence  toward  Tulla  with  all  ^J^^. ^J^'f^" 
his  companie.     He  carried  the  cacique  along  with  him  ;  and  STuihfwith 
among   all  his  men,   there  was  not  one  found  that  could  panie. 
understand  the  speech  of  Tulla.     He  staled  three  daies  by 
the  way,  and  the  day  that  he  came  thither,  he  found  the 
towne  abandoned,  for  the  Indians  durst  not  tarrie  his  com- 
ming.     But  as  soone  as  they  knew  that  the  Governour  was  in  ' 
Tulla,  the  first  night  about  the  morning  watch,  they  came  in 
two    squadrons  two   severall  waies,    with  their  bowes  and 
arrowes,  and  long  staves  like  pikes.     As  soone  as  they  were 
descried,  both  horse  and  foot  sallied  out  upon  them,  where 
many  of  the  Indians  were  slaine,  and  some  Christians  and 
horses  were  hurt ;  some  of  the  Indians  were  taken  prisoners, 
whereof  the  Governour  sent  sixe  to  the  cacique,  with  their  j^fiians 
right  hands  and  noses  cut  off;  and  sent  him  word,  that  if  he  AgM hands 
came  not  to  him  to  excuse  and    submit  himselfe,  that  hee  cut  off. 


110  A  KELATTOX  OF 

would  come  to  seeke  him,  and  that  hee  would  doe  the  like 
to  him,  and  as  many  of  his  as  hee  could  find,  as  hee  had 
done  to  those  which  hee  had  sent  him,  and  gave  him  three 
daies  respit  for  to  come.  And  this  he  gave  them  to  under- 
stand by  signes,  as  well  as  hee  could,  for  there  was  no  inter- 
pretour. 

At  the  three  daies  end,  there  came  an  Indian  laden  with 
oxe hides     Qxe  liidcs.     Hc  came  weeping  with  great  sobs,  and  comming 
to  the  Governour  cast  himselfe  downe  at  his  feete.     He  tooke 
him  up,  and  he  made  a  speech,  but  there  was  none  that  un- 
derstood him.     The  Governour  by  signes  commanded  him 
to  returne  to  the  cacique,  and  to  will  him  to  send  him  an 
interpreter,  which  could  understand  the  men  of  Cayas.     The 
oxe hides,    next  day  came   three  Indians  laden  with   oxe  hides;   and 
within  three  daies  after  came  twenty  Indians,  and   among 
them  one  that  understood  them  of  Cayas :  who,  after  a  long 
oration  of  excuses  of  the  cacique,  and  praises  of  the  Govern- 
our, concluded  with  this,  that  he  and  the  other  were  come 
thither   on  the   caciques  behalfe,  to   see  what  his  lordship 
would  command  him  to  doe,  for  he  was  readie  at  his  com- 
mandement.    The  Governour  and  all  his  companie  were  verie 
glad ;   for  in  no  wise  could  they  travell  without  an  inter- 
pretour.     The  Governour  commanded  him  to  be  kept  safe, 
and  bad  him  tell  the  men  that  came  with  him,  that  they 
should  returne  to  the  cacique,  and  signifie  unto  him,  that  he 
pardoned  him  for   that  which  was  past,  and  thanked  him 
much  for  his  presents  and  interpretour,  which  hc  had  sent 
him,  and  that  he  would  bee  glad  to  see  him,  and  that  he 
shuld  come  the  next  day  to  talke  with  him.     After  three 
of  Tima.'^"^  daies,  the  cacique  came,  and  eighty  Indians  with  him  :  and 
hides,  ^^ilh  himsclfc  aud  his  men  came  weeping  into  the  camp,  in  token 
tiiemassoft  of  obcdicnce  and  repentance  for  the  errour  passed,  after  the 

as  sheepes  .  ^ 

wool.— Go-    manner  of  that  countrie.      He   brought  a  present  oi  many 

maraHistor.  ^^  ^  f 

2u^^''Mnm-  ^^^  hidcs ;  which,  because  the  countrie  was  cold,  were  verie 
["hrnS-ur*^  profitable,  and  served  for  coverlets,  because  they  were  very 


DON  FEllDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  Ill 

soft,  and  wolled  like  sheepe.  Not  farre  from  thence  toward 
the  north  were  many  oxen.  The  Christians  saw  them  not, 
nor  came  into  the  countrie  where  they  were,  because  those 
parts  Avere  evill  inhabited,  and  had  small  store  of  maiz  where 
they  were  bred.  The  cacique  of  TuUa  made  an  oration  to 
the  Governour,  wherein  he  excused  himselfe,  and  offered 
him  his  countrie,  subjects,  and  person.  As  well  this  cacique 
as  the  others,  and  all  those  which  came  to  the  Governour 
on  their  behalfe.   delivered  their  messa^^e  or  speech  in  so  ^'!^^  8'"^'^''  , 

o  x  eloquence  ot 

good  order,  that  no  oratour  could  utter  the  same  more  elo-  *^®  ^"^^i*^"^- 
quentUe. 


CHAPTER    XXVII. 


Iloiv  tiie  Governour  went  from  Tulla  to  Autiamque,  ivhere  lie  passed 

the  ivinter. 

The  Governour  enformed  himselfe  of  all  the  countrie  round 
about ;  and  understood,  that  toward  the  west  was  a  scattered 
dwelling,  and  that  toward  the  south-east  were  great  townes, 
especially  in  a  province  called  Autiamque,  tenne  dales  jour- 
nie  from  Tulla  ;  which  might  be  about  eighty  leagues  :  and 
that  it  was  a  plentifull  countrie  of  maiz.    And  because  winter  a  wimer  of 

^  two  or  three 

came  on,  and  that  they  could  not  travell  two  or  three  moneths  moneths. 
in  the  yeere  for  cold,  waters,  and  snow  :  and  fearing,  that  if 
they  should  stay  so  long  in  the  scattered  dwelling,  they  could 
not  be  susteined  ;  and  also  because  the  Indians  said,  that 
neere  to  Autiamque  was  a  great  water,  and  according  to  their 
relation  the  Governour  thought  it  was  some  arme  of  the  sea : 
and  because  he  now  desired  to  send  ncwes  of  himselfe  to 
Cuba,  that  some  supplie  of  men  and  horses  might  be  sent 
unto  him  (for  it  was  above  three  yecres  since  Donna  Isabella, 


112  A   RELATION  OF 

which  was  in  Havana,  or  any  other  person  in  Christendome, 
had  heard  of  him,  and  by  this  time  he  had  lost  two  hundred 
and  fifty  men,  and  one  hundred  and  fifty  horses)  he  deter- 
mined to  winter  in  Autiamque  ;  and  the  next  spring,  to  goe 
to  the  sea  cost,  and  make  two  brigantines,  and  send  one  of 
them  to  Cuba,  and  the  other  to  Nueva  Espanna,  that  that 
which  went  in  safetie,  might  give  newes  of  him  :  hoping  with 
the  goods  which  he  had  in  Cuba,  to  furnish  himselfe  againe, 
and  to  attempt  the  discovery  and  conquest  toward  the  west ; 
for  he  had  not  yet  come  where  Cabeca  de  Vaca  had  been. 
Thus  having  sent  away  the  two  caciques  of  Cayas  and  TuUa, 
he  tooke  his  journie  toward  Autiamque.  Hee  travelled  five 
Quiiiaua,      daics   ovcr  very  rousrh  mountaines,  and  came  to   a  towne 

live  diiies  *^  ^ 

TuH?*^*^^  called  Quipana,  where  no  Indians  could  be  taken  for  the 
roughnesse  of  the  countrie  :  and  the  towne  being  betweene 
hilles,  there  was  an  ambush  laid,  wherewith  they  tooke  two 
Indians,  which  told  them,  that  Autiamque  was  sixe  dales 
journie  from  thence,  and  that  there  was  another  province 
toward  the  south,  eight  dales  journie  off",  plentifull  of  maiz, 

Guahate.  ^ud  vcry  wcll  pcoplcd,  which  was  called  Guahate.  But  be- 
cause Autimaque  was  neerer,  and  the  most  of  the  Indians 
agreed  of  it,  the  Governour  made  his  journie  that  way. 

Aiioixi.  In  three  dales  he  came  to  a  towne  called  Anoixi.    He  sent 

a  captaine  before  with  thirty  horsemen,  and  fifty  footemen, 
and  tooke  the  Indians  carelesse  :  hee  tooke  many  men  and 
women  prisoners.     AVithin  two  dales  after   the   Governour 

Catamaya.  cauic  to  another  towne,  called  Catamaya,  and  lodged  in  the 
fields  of  the  towne.  Two  Indians  came  with  a  false  message 
from  the  cacique  to  know  his  determination.  Hee  bad  them 
tell  their  lord,  that  hee  should  come  and  speake  with  him. 
The  Indians  returned  and  came  no  more,  nor  any  other 
message  from  the  cacique.  The  next  day  the  Christians 
went  to  the  toAvne,  which  was  without  people  :  they  tooke 

s^xe'ST'  as  much  maiz  as  they  needed.     That  day  they  lodged  in  a 

Quipana.      wood,  and  tlic  ucxt  day  they  came  to  Autiamque.      They 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  118 

found  mncli  maiz  laid  up  in  store,  and  frcncli  beanes,  and 
walnuts,  and  prunes,  great  store  of  all  sorts.  They  tooke 
some  Indians,  which  were  gathering  together  the  stuffe  which 
their  wives  had  hidden.  This  was  a  champion  countrie,  and 
well  inhabited.  The  Governour  lodged  in  the  best  part  of 
the  towne,  and  commanded  presently  to  make  a  fense  of  tim- 
ber round  about  the  campe,  distant  from  the  houses,  that  the 
Indians  might  not  hurt  them  without  by  fire.  And  measur- 
ing the  ground  by  pases,  hee  appointed  every  one  his  part 
to  doe  according  to  the  number  of  Indians  which  he  had  : 
presently  the  timber  was  brought  by  them;  and  in  three 
daies  there  was  an  inclosure  made  of  very  hie  and  thicke 
posts  thrust  into  the  ground,  and  many  railes  laid  acrosse. 
Hard  by  this  towne  passed  a  river,  that  came  out  of  the  pro-  a  river. 
vince  of  Cayas  ;  and  above  and  beneath  it  was  very  well 
peopled.  Thither  came  Indians  on  the  caciques  behalfe  with 
a  present  of  mantles  and  skinnes  ;  and  an  halting  cacique, 
subject  to  the  lord  of  Autiamque,  lord  of  a  towne  called 
Tietiquaquo,  came  many  times  to  visit  the  Governour,  and  Tistiqi-aquo. 
to  bring  him  presents  of  such  as  hee  had.  The  cacique  of 
Autiamque  sent  to  know  of  the  Governour,  how  long  time 
hee  meant  to  stay  in  his  country  ?  And  understanding  that 
he  meant  to  stay  above  three  daies,  he  never  sent  any  more 
Indians,  nor  any  other  message,  but  conspired  with  the  lame 
cacique  to  rebell.  Divers  inrodes  were  made,  wherein  there 
were  many  men  and  women  taken,  and  the  lame  cacique 
among  the  rest.  The  Governou^j  respecting  the  services 
which  he  had  received  from  him,  reprehended  and  admon- 
ished him,  and  set  him  at  libertie,  and  gave  him  two  Indians 
to  Carrie  him  in  a  chair e  upon  their  shoulders.  The  cacique 
of  Autiamque  desiring  to  thrust  the  Governour  out  of  his 
countrie,  set  spies  over  him.  And  an  Indian  comming  one 
night  to  the  gate  of  the  inclosure,  a  souldier  that  watched 
espied  him ;  and  stepping  behind  the  gate,  as  he  came  in  he 
gave  him  such  a  thrust,  that  he  fell  downe;  and  so  he  carried 

Q 


114 


A  RELATION  OF 


Great   11  ro- 
vidence. 


Three 
moneths 
abode  in 

Autiamque 


him  to  tlie  (iovernour  :  and  as  liee  asked  him  wherefore  he 
came,  not  being  able  to  speake,  hee  fell  downe  dead.  The 
night  following,  the  Governour  commanded  a  souldiour  to 
give  the  alarme,  and  to  say  that  he  had  seene  Indians,  to  see 
how  ready  they  would  be  to  answere  the  alarme.  And  hee 
did  so  sometimes,  as  well  there  as  in  other  places,  when  he 
thought  that  his  men  were  carelesse,  and  reprehended  such 
as  Avere  slacke.  And  as  well  for  this  cause,  as  in  regard  of 
doing  their  dutie,  when  the  alarme  was  given,  every  one 
souo-ht  to  be  the  fu'st  that  shoidd  answere. 

They  staled  in  Autiamque  three  moneths,  with  great  plentie 
of  maiz,  french  beanes,  walnuts,  prunes,  and  conies  :  which 
untill  that  time  they  knew  not  how  to  catch.  And  in  Auti- 
amque the  Indians  taught  them  how  to  take  them  :  which 
w^as,  with  great  sprindges,  which  lifted  uj)  their  feete  from 
the  ground  :  and  the  snare  was  made  with  a  strong  string, 
whereuntowas  fastened  a  knot  of  a  cane,  which  ran  close  about 
the  neck  of  the  conie,  because  they  should  not  gnaw  the  string. 
They  tooke  many  in  the  fields  of  maiz,  especiallie  Avhen  it 
freesed  or  snowed.  The  Christians  staled  there  one  whole 
A.  mcneth  mouetli,  SO  iucloscd  with  snow  that  they  went  not  out  of  the 
towne  ;  and  when  they  wanted  firewood,  the  Governour  with 
his  horsemen  going  and  comming  many  times  to  the  wood, 
Avhich  was  two  crossebow  shot  from  the  towne,  made  a  path- 
way, whereby  the  footemen  went  for  wood.  In  this  meane 
space,  some  Indians  which  went  loose^  killed  many  conies 
with  their  gives  ^  and  with  arrowes.  These  conies  were  of 
two  sorts,  some  were  like  those  of  Spaine,  and  the  other  of 
the  same  colour  and  fashion,  and  as  big  as  great  hares,  longer, 
and  having  greater  loines. 


Frost  and 
snow. 


of  snow. 


Conies  of 

two  tforis. 


'  The  Portuguese  word  "  armadilhas",  here  rendered  "  gives",  should 
have  been  "  snares". 


DON   FE]iI)lNAN]:)C)  1)K  SOTO.  115 


CHAPTER  XXVIII. 

How  the  (jovemoiLr  went  from  Autiamque  to  Nilco,  and  from  thence  to 

Guacoya. 

Upon  Monday  the  sixt  of  March  1542,  the  Governour  de-  H^^^f^  *^> 
parted  from  Antianique  to  seeke  Nilco,  which  the  Indians 
said  was  neere  the  great  river,  with  determination  to  come  to 
the  sea,  and  procure  some  succour  of  men  and  horses:  for  he 
had  now  but  three  hundred  men  of  warre,  and  fortie  horses, 
and  some  of  them  lame,  which  did  nothing  but  helpe  to  make 
up  the  number :  and  for  want  of  iron  they  had  gone  above  a 
yeere  unshod:  and  because  they  were  used  to  it  in  the  plaine 
countrie,  it  did  them  no  s'reat  harme.     John  Ortiz  died  in  The  death  of 

^  '^  John  Ortiz, 

Autiamque  ;  which  grieved  the  Governour  very  much  :  be-  misseofhfm 
cause  that  without  an  interpretour  hee  feared  to  enter  farre  fnter|retour. 
into  the  land,  where  he  might  be  lost.     From  thence  forward 
a  youth  that  was  taken  in  Cutifa-Chiqui  did  serve  for  inter- 
2)retour,  which  had  by  that  time  learned  somewhat  of  the 
Christians    language.        The   death    of  John  Ortiz    was    so 
great  a  mischiefe  for  the  discovering  inward,  or  going  out  of 
the  land,  that  to  learne  of  the  Indians,  that  which  in  foure 
words  hee  declared,  they  needed  a  whole  day  with  the  youth: 
and   most   commonly  hee    understood    quite   contrarie    that 
which  was  asked  him  :  whereby  it  often  happened  that  the 
way  that  they  went  one  day,  and  sometimes  two  or  three  dales, 
they  turned  backe,  and  went  astray  through  the  wood  here 
and  there.    The  Governour  spent  ten  dales  in  travelling  from 
Autiamque  to  a  province  called  Ay  ays;  and  came  toatowne  that  ^y^ys. 
stood  neere  the  river  that  passeth  by  Cayas  and  Autiamque.  ^  ^'i^^''- 
There  hee  commanded  a  barge  to  be  made,  wherewith  he 
passed  the  river.     When  he  had  passed  the  river,  there  fell 
out  such  weather,  that  foure  dales  he  could  not  travell  for  ^J^^^^f  ^^^^^ 
snow.    As  soone  as  it  gave  over  snowing,  he  went  three  dales  Sch! 


116  A  RELATION  OF 

journey  through  a  wiklernesse,  and  a  countrie  so  low,  and  so 

full  of  lakes  and  evill  waies,  that  hee  travelled  one  time  a 

whole  day  in  water,  sometimes  knee  deepe,  sometimes  to  the 

stii'rup,  and  sometimes  they  swamme.     He  came  to  a  towne 

Tiiteirinco.  called  Tutelpinco,  abandoned,  and  without  maiz :  there  passed 

hike!''''^       hy  it  a  lake,  that  entred  into  the  river,  which  carried  a  great 

streame  and  force  of  water.     Five  Christians  passing  over  it 

in  a  periagua,^  which  the  Governour  had  sent  with  a  cap- 

taine,  the  periagua  overset :  some  tooke  hold  on  it,  some  on 

the  trees  that  were  in  the  lake.     One  Francis  Sebastian,  an 

honest  man  of  Villa  Nova  de  Barca  Rota,  was  drowned  there. 

The  Governour  went  a  whole  day  along  the  lake  seeking 

passage,  and  could  finde  none,  nor  any  way  that  did  passe  to 

the  other  side.     Comming  againe  at  night  to  the  towne,  hee 

found  two  peaceable  Indians,  which  shewed  him  the  passage, 

and  which  way  hee  was  to  goe.     There  they  made  of  canes 

Eaftswhere-  ^nd  of  the  timber  of  houses  thatched  with  canes,  rafts,  where- 
with they  '  ^ 

lake."^'  ^^^  with  they  passed  the  lake.  They  travelled  three  dales,  and 
came  to  a  to-\;\aie  of  the  territorie  of  Nilco,  called  Tianto. 
There  they  tooke  thii'tie  Indians,  and  among  them  two  prin- 
cipall  men  of  this  towne.  The  Governour  sent  a  captaine 
with  horsemen  and  footemen  before  to  Nilco,  because  the  In- 
dians might  have  no  time  to  carrie  away  the  provision.     They 

i\.wie  great  passcd  through  three  or  foure  great  townes;  and  in  the  towne 
where  the  cacique  was  resident,  which  Avas  two  leagues  from 
the  place  where  the  Governour  remained,  they  found  many 
Indians,  with  their  bowes  and  arrowes,  in  manner  as  though 
they  would  have  staled  to  fight,  which  did  compasse  the 
towne  ;  and  as  soone  as  they  saw  the  Christians  come  neere 

J  A  Spanish  word,  more  correctly  spelt  "piragua",  meaning  a  ferry-boat : 
the  word  used  in  the  original  Portuguese  is  "almadia",  derived  from  the 
Arabic  root  "ada",  to  pass,  or  to  transport  over  a  river.  It  is  a  small  skiff, 
or  canoe,  used  for  crossing  lakes  and  small  streams,  and  also  for  fishing. 
Those  used  in  Morocco  are  called  maadia,  and  are  commonly  made  of  a 
kind  of  bull  rush  strongly  bound  together,  which  grows  on  the  banks  of 
the  lakes  ol"  the  country  ;  and  they  are  generally  navigated  by  one  man. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  117 

them  without  misdoubting  them,  they  set  the  caciques  house 
on  fire,  and  fled  over  a  lake  that  passed  neere  the  towne, 
through  which  the  horses  could  not  passe. 

The  next  day,  being  "Wednesday  the   29   of  March,  the  March  20. 
Governour  came  to  Nilco  :  he  lodged  with  all  his  men  in  the  nuco. 
caciques  towne,  which  stood  in  a  plaine  field,  which  was  in- 
habited foY  the  space  of  a  quarter  of  a  league  :  and  within  a 
league  and  halfe  a  league  were  other  great  townes,  wherein  towil^^^'^' 
was  great  store  of  maiz,  of  french  beanes,  of  walnuts,  and 
prunes.     This  was  the  best  countrie  that  was  seen  in  Florida,  The  best 

^  countrie  of 

and  had  most  store   of  maiz,   excej^t  Coca  and  Apalache.  Florida. 
There  came  to  the  campe  an  Indian  accompanied  with  others, 
and  in  the  caciques  name  gave  the  Governour  a  mantle  of 
marterns  skinnes,  and  a  cordon  of  perles.     The  Governour  Maiterns 

•^  skinnes. 

gave  him  a  few  small  margarites,  which  are  certaine  beades  ^.^^gj°g" 
much  esteemed  in  Peru,  and  other  things,  wherewith  he  was 
very  well  contented.  He  promised  to  returne  within  two 
daies,  but  never  came  againe ;  but  on  the  contrarie  the  In- 
dians came  by  night  in  canoes,  and  carried  away  all  the  maiz 
they  could,  and  made  them  cabins  on  the  other  side  of  the 
river  in  the  thickest  of  the  wood,  because  they  might  flee  if 
wee  should  goe  to  seeke  them.  The  Governour,  seeing  hee 
came  not  at  the  time  apj)ointed,  commanded  an  ambush  to  be 
laid  about  certaine  store-houses  neere  the  lake,  whither  the 
Indians  came  for  maiz  :  where  they  tooke  two  Indians,  who 
told  the  Governour,  that  hee  which  came  to  visit  him,  was 
not  the  cacique,  but  was  sent  by  him  under  pretence  to  spie 
whether  the  Christians  were  carelesse,  and  whether  they  de- 
termined to  settle  in  that  country  or  to  goe  forward.  Pre- 
sently the  Governour  sent  a  captaine  with  footmen  and  horse- 
men over  the  river  ;  and  in  their  passage  they  were  descried 
of  the  Indians,  and  therefore  he  could  take  but  tenne  or 
twelve  men  and  women,  with  whom  hee  returned  to  the 
campe.  This  river,  which  passed  by  Nilco,  was  that  which  4"hS! 
passed  by  Cayas  and  Autiamque,  and  fell  into  Rio  Grande, 


fall- 
to  Kio 


Grande. 


118  A    ]{i;],A'l'ION   OF 

or  the  great  river,  which  passed  by  Pachaha  and  Aqiiixo, 
neere  unto  the  province  of  Guachoya  :  and  the  lord  thereof 
came  up  the  river  in  canoes  to  make  warre  with  him  of  Nilco. 
On  his  behalf  there  came  an  Indian  to  the  Governour  and 
said  unto  him,  that  he  was  his  servant,  and  prayed  him  so  to 
hold  him,  and  that  within  t^^'o  daies  hee  would  come  to  kisse 
his  lordships  hands  :  and  at  the  time  aj^pointed  he  came  with 
some  of  his  principal  Indians,  Avhich  accompanied  him,  and 
with  words  of  great  offers  and  courtesie  hee  gave  the  Govern- 
our a  present  of  many  mantles  and  deeres  skinnes.  The  Gover- 
nour gave  him  some  other  things  in  recompense,  and  honoured 
him  much.  Hee  asked  him  what  toA\aies  there  were  downe 
the  river  ?  Hee  answered  that  he  knew  none  other  but  his 
owne  :  and  on  the  other  side  of  the  river  a  province  of  a 
cacique  called  Quigalta.  So  hee  tooke  his  leave  of  the 
Governour  and  went  to  his  owne  towne. 

Within  fewe  daies  the  Governour  determined  to  goe  to 
Guachoya,  to  learne  there  whether  the  sea  were  neere,  or 
whether  there  were  any  habitation  neere,  where  hee  might 
relieve  his  comj)anie,  while  the  brigantines  ^seve  making, 
which  he  meant  to  send  to  the  land  of  the  Christians.  As 
he  passed  the  river  of  Nilco,  there  came  in  canoes  Indians  of 
Guachoya  up  the  streame  ;  and  when  they  saw  him,  suppos- 
ing that  he  came  to  seeke  them  to  doe  them  some  hurt,  they 
returned  downe  the  river,  and  informed  the  cacique  thereof: 
Avho,  with  all  his  people,  spoiling  the  towne  of  all  that  they 
could  Carrie  away,  passed  that  night  over  to  the  other  side 
of  Eio  Grande,  or  the  great  river.  The  Governour  sent  a 
captaine  with  fiftie  men  in  sixe  canoes  downe  the  river,  and 

Guachoya.  wcut  himselfc  by  land  with  the  rest.  Hee  came  to  Guachoya 
upon  Sunday  the  17  of  Aprdl :  he  lodged  in  the  towne  of  the 
cacique,  which  was  inclosed  about,  and  seated  a  crosseboAV 

Foure         shot  distant  from  the  river.     Here  the  river  is  called  Tama- 

names   of 

Eio  Grande,  i^geu ;  and  in  Nilco,  Tapatu  ;  and  in  Coca,  Mico  ;  and  in 
the  port  or  mouth,  Ri. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  119 


CHAPTER    XXIX. 

()f   the    message  ivhich    the    Governour    sent  to    Quigalta,    and  of    the 

answere  ichich  he  returned^  and  of  the  things  which 

happened  in  this  time. 

As  scone  as  the  Governour  came  to  Guachoya,  hee  sent 
John  Danusco,  with  as  many  men  as  could  goe  in  the  canoes, 
up  the  river.  For  when  they  came  clowne  from  Nilco,  they 
saw  on  the  other  side  the  river  new  cabins  made.  John 
Danusco  went  and  brought  the  canoes  loden  with  maiz, 
French  beanes,  prunes,  and  many  loaves  made  of  the  sub-  JJ^J^gf^^'* 
stance  of  prunes.  That  day  came  an  Indian  to  the  Gover-  p™"*^*^- 
nor  from  the  cacique  of  Guachoya,  and  said,  that  his  lord 
would  come  the  next  day.  The  next  day  they  saw  many 
canoes  come  up  the  river,  and  on  the  other  side  of  the  great 
river  they  assembled  together  in  the  space  of  an  houre ;  they 
consulted  whether  they  should  come  or  not ;  and  at  length 
concluded  to  come,  and  crossed  the  river.  In  them  came  the 
cacique  of  Guachoya,  and  brought  with  him  manie  Indians, 
with  great  store  of  fish,  dogges,  deeres  skinnes,  and  mantles. 
And  as  soone  as  they  landed,  they  went  to  the  lodging  of  the 
Governour,  and  presented  him  their  gifts ;  and  the  cacique 
uttered  these  words  : 

Mightie  and  excellent  lord,  I  beseech  your  lordship  to 
2xirdon  niee  the  errour  tvhich  I  committed  in  absenting  jny- 
selfe,  and  not  tarrying  in  this  towne  to  have  received  and 
serued  your  lordship ;  since,  to  obtaine  this  opportunitie  of 
time,  was,  and  is,  as  much  as  a  greate  victorie  to  me.  But 
I  feared  that  which  I  needed  not  to  have  feared,  and  so  did 
that  tohich  was  not  reasoji  to  do.  But  as  haste  maheth  waste, 
and  I  removed  without  deliberation  ;  so,  as  soone  as  I  thought 
on  it,  I  detertnined  not  to  follotv  the  opinion  of  the  foolish. 


120  A  RELATION  OF 

which  is,  to  continue  in  their  errour  ;  hut  to  imitate  the  wise 
and  discreet  in  changing  my  counsell,  and  so  I  came  to  see 
what  your  lordship  icill  command  me  to  doe,  that  I  may  serve 
you  in  all  things  that  are  in  my  j^ower. 

The  Governour  received  him  with  much  joy,  and  gave 
him  thankes  for  his  present  and  offer.  He  asked  him,  whether 
hee  had  any  notice  of  the  sea  ?  Hee  answered,  no ;  nor  of 
any  townes  downe  the  river  on  that  side  :  save  that  two 
leagues  from  thence  was  one  towne  of  a  principall  Indian,  a 
subject  of  his;  and  on  the  other  side  of  the  river,  three  daies 
journey  from  thence  do^vne  the  river,  was  the  pro^dnce  of 
Quigalta,  which  was  the  greatest  lord  that  was  in  that 
countrie.  The  Governour  thought  that  the  cacique  lied  unto 
him,  to  rid  him  out  of  his  o^\^ie  townes,  and  sent  John  Danusco 
with  eight  horsemen  downe  the  river  to  see  what  habitation 
there  was,  and  to  informe  himselfe  if  there  were  any  notice 
of  the  sea.  Hee  travelled  eight  daies,  and  at  his  returne  hee 
said,  that  in  all  that  time  he  was  not  able  to  go  above  four- 
teen or  fifteen  leagues,  because  of  the  great  creekes  that 
came  out  of  the  river,  and  groves  of  canes,  and  thicke  woods, 
that  were  along  the  bancks  of  the  river,  and  that  hee  had 
found  no  habitation.  The  Governoui-  fell  into  great  dumps 
to  see  how  hard  it  was  to  get  to  the  sea ;  and  worse,  because 
his  men  and  horses  every  day  diminished,  being  without 
succour  to  sustaine  themselves  in  the  country ;  and  with  that 
The  Cover-  thouoht  hc  fell  sick.     But  before  he  tooke  his  bed,  hee  sent 

nor  fallelh  C> 

though^t.  an  Indian  to  the  cacique  of  Quigalta,  to  tell  him  that  hee 
was  the  childe  of  the  sunne ;  and  that  all  the  Avay  that  hee 
came,  all  men  obeyed  and  served  him,  that  he  requested  him 
to  accept  of  his  friendship,  and  come  imto  him,  for  hc  would 
be  very  glad  to  see  him ;  and  in  signe  of  love  and  obedience, 
to  bring  something  with  him  of  that  which  in  his  countrie 

A  most       was  most  esteemed.      The  cacique  answered  bv  the  same 

■wittie  and 

stout  an-     Indian  : 

swere  of  the 

QuSn'^         That  whereas  he  said  he  was  the  child  of  the  sunnc,  if  he 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  121 

toould  drie  up  the  river  he  tvotdd  heleeve  him  :  and  touching 
the  rest,  that  hee  was  wont  to  visit  7ione ;  but  rather  that  all 
those  of  tohom  he  had  notice  did  visit  him,  served,  obeyed  and 
paid  him  tributes  willingly  or  perforce  :  therefore,  if  hee 
desired  to  see  him,  it  were  best  he  should  come  thither :  that 
if  hee  came  in  peace,  he  would  receive  him  ivith  speciall  good 
will ;  and  if  in  tvarre,  in  like  manner  hee  woidd  attend  him 
in  the  towne  ivhere  he  tvas  ;  and  that  for  him  or  any  other 
hee  woidd  not  shrinke  one  foote  bache. 

By  that  time  the  Indian  returned  with  this  answere,  the 
Governour  had  betaken  himselfe  to  bed,  being  evill  handled 
with  fevers,  and  was  much  aggrieved  that  he  was  not  in  case 
to  passe  presently  the  river  and  to  seeke  him,  to  see  if  he 
could  abate  that  pride  of  his,  considering  the  river  went  now 
very  strongly  in  those  parts ;  for  it  was  neere  halfe  a  league 
broad  and  sixteen  fathomes  deep,  and  very  furious,  and 
ranne  Avith  a  great  current ;  and  on  both  sides  there  were 
many  Indians ;  and  his  power  was  not  now  so  great  but  that 
hee  had  need  to  helpe  himselfe  rather  by  slights  then  by 
force.  The  Indians  of  Guachoya  came  every  day  with  fish, 
in  such  numbers  that  the  towne  was  full  of  them.  The 
cacique  said,  that  on  a  certaine  night  hee  of  Quigalta  would 
come  to  give  battell  to  the  Governour ;  which  the  Gover- 
nour imagined  that  he  had  devised  to  drive  him  out  of  his 
countrey,  and  commanded  him  to  bee  put  in  hold ;  and  that 
night  and  all  the  rest  there  was  good  watch  kept.  Hee  asked 
him  wherefore  Quigalta  come  not  ?  He  said  that  hee  came, 
but  that  he  saw  him  prepared,  and  therefore  durst  not  give 
the  attempt ;  and  hee  was  earnest  with  him  to  send  his  cap- 
taines  over  the  river,  and  that  he  would  aide  him  with  many 
men  to  set  upon  Quigalta.  The  Governour  told  him  that  as 
soone  as  he  was  recovered,  himselfe  would  seeke  him  out. 
And  seeing  how  many  Indians  came  daily  to  the  towne,  and 
what  store  of  people  was  in  that  countrie,  fearing  they  should 
all  conspire  together  and  plot  some  treason  against  him ;  and 

R 


122  A  RELATION  OF 

because  the  towne  had  some  open  gaps  whicli  were  not  made 
an  end  of  inclosing,  besides  the  gates  which  they  went  in 
and  out  by ;  because  the  Indians  should  not  thinke  he  feared 
them,  he  let  them  all  alone  unrepaii'ed,  and  commanded  the 
horsemen  to  be  appointed  to  them  and  to  the  gates ;  and  all 
night  the  horsemen  went  the  round,  and  two  and  two  of 
every  squadron  rode  about,  and  visited  the  skouts  that  were 
without  the  towne  in  their  standings  by  the  passages,  and 
the  crossebowmen  that  kept  the  canoes  in  the  river.  And 
because  the  Indians  should  stand  in  feare  of  them,  hee  deter- 
mined to  send  a  captaine  to  Nilco,  for  those  of  Guachoya 
had  told  him  that  it  was  inhabited ;  that  by  using  them 
cruelly,  neither  the  one  nor  the  other  should  presume  to 
assaile  him ;  and  hee  sent  Nunnez  de  Tovar  with  fifteene 
horsemen,  and  John  de  Guzman,  captaine  of  the  footmen, 
with  his  companie  in  canoes  up  the  river. 

The  cacique  of  Guachoya  sent  for  many  canoes  and  many 
warlike  Indians  to  goe  Avith  the  Chi'istians ;  and  the  captaine 
of  the  Christians,  called  Nunnez  de  Tovar,  went  by  land 
with  his  horsemen,  and  two  leagues  before  he  came  to  Nilco 
hee  staied  for  John  de  Guzman,  and  in  that  j)lace  they  passed 
the  river  by  night :  the  horsemen  came  first,  and  in  the 
morning  by  breake  of  day  in  sight  of  the  towne  they  lighted 
upon  a  spie,  which,  as  soone  as  he  perceived  the  Christians, 
crying  out  amaine,  fled  to  the  towne  to  give  warning.  Nun- 
nez de  Tovar  and  his  companie  made  such  speed,  that  before 
the  Indians  of  the  towne  could  fully  come  out,  they  were 
upon  them  :  it  was  champion  ground  that  was  inhabited, 
which  was  about  a  quarter  of  a  league.  There  were  about 
Sousan?^^  ^^^  01*  ^i^6  thousand  people  in  the  towne  ;  and,  as  many 
RSf  "^  people  came  out  of  the  houses,  and  fled  from  one  house  to 
another,  and  many  Indians  came  flocking  together  from  all 
parts ;  there  was  never  a  horseman  that  was  not  alone  among 
many.  The  captaine  had  commanded  that  they  should  not 
spare  the  life  of  any  male.     Their  disorder  was  so  great,  that 


J 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  123 

there  was  no  Indian  that  shot  an  arrow  at  any  Christian. 
The  shreekes  of  women  and  chiklrcn  were  so  great,  that  they 
made  the  eares  deafe  of  those  that  followed  them.  There 
were  slaine  an  hundred  Indians,  little  more  or  lesse ;  and 
many  were  wounded  with  great  wounds,  whom  they  suffered 
to  escape,  to  strike  a  terror  in  the  rest  that  were  not  there. 
There  were  some  so  cruell  and  butcher-like,  that  they  killed 
old  and  young,  and  all  that  they  met,  though  they  made  no 
resistance  ;  and  those  which  presumed  of  themselves  for  their 
valour,  and  were  taken  for  such,  brake  through  the  Indians, 
bearing  downe  many  with  their  stirro]3s  and  brests  of  their 
horses,  and  some  they  wounded  with  their  lances,  and  so  let 
them  goe ;  and  when  they  saw  any  youth  or  woman  they 
tooke  them,  and  delivered  them  to  the  footmen.  These 
mens  simies,  by  God's  permission,  lighted  on  their  own 
heads,  who,  because  they  would  seeme  valiant,  became  cruell, 
shewing  themselves  extreme  cowards  in  the  sight  of  all  men, 
when  as  most  neede  of  valour  was  required,  and  afterward  chap.  37. 
they  came  to  a  shameful  death.  Of  the  Indians  of  Nilco 
were  taken  prisoners  fourescore  women  and  children,  and 
much  spoile.  The  Indians  of  Guachoya  kept  back  before 
they  came  at  the  towne,  and  staled  without,  beholding  the 
successe  of  the  Christians  with  the  men  of  Nilco.  And  when 
they  saw  them  put  to  flight,  and  the  horsemen  busie  in  kill- 
ing of  them,  they  hastened  to  the  houses  to  rob,  and  filled 
their  canoes  with  the  spoile  of  the  goods,  and  returned  to 
Guachoya  before  the  Christians ;  and  wondring  much  at  the 
sharpe  dealing  which  they  had  scene  them  use  toward  the 
Indians  of  Nilco,  they  told  their  cacique  all  that  had  passed 
with  great  astonishment. 


124 


A   RELATION  OF 


CHAPTER    XXX. 

Of  the  death  of  the  Adelantado  Fernando  de  Soto  :  and  how  Laijs  Moscoso 
de  Aloarado  was  elected  Gocernour  in  his  stead. 

Tlie  Governour  felt  in  himselfe  tliat  the  houre  ajDproclied 
wherein  hee  was  to  leave  this  present  life,  and  called  for  the 
kings  officers,  captaines,  and  principall  persons,  to  whom  he 
made  a  speech,  saying  : 

TJiat  71010  he  was  to  goe  to  give  an  account  before  the  pre- 
sence of  God  of  all  his  life  past :  and  since  it  pleased  Hun  to 
take  him  in  such  a  time,  and  that  the  time  ivas  come  that  he 
kneio  his  death,  that  he  His  most  unworthie  sercant  did  yeeld 
Him  many  thankes  therefore ;  arid  desired  cdl  that  tcere 
present  and  absent  fichom  he  confessed  himselfe  to  be  much 
beholding  unto  for  their  singidar  vertues,  love,  and  loyaltie, 
ichich  himselfe  had  ivell  tried  in  the  travels  which  they  had 
suffered,  ichich  alwaies  in  his  mind  he  did  hope  to  satisfe 
and  reward,  when  it  shoidd  please  God  to  give  him  rest,  with 
more  prosperitie  of  his  estate  J,  that  they  icould  pray  to  God 
for  him,  that  for  His  mercie  He  tcoidd  forgive  him  his  sinnes, 
and  receive  his  soule  into  eternall  glorie  :  and  that  they  would 
quit  and  free  him  of  the  charge  ichich  hee  had  over  them,  and 
ought  unto  them  all,  and  that  they  icould  pardon  him  for 
some  wrongs  which  they  might  have  received  of  him.  And 
to  avoid  some  divisio?i,  ivhich  upon  his  death  might  fall  out 
upon  the  choice  of  his  successour,  he  requested  them  to  elect  a 
principall  person,  and  able  to  governe,  of  whom  all  should  like 
well ;  and  when  he  icas  elected,  they  should  swear e  before 
him  to  obey  him  :  and  that  he  would  thanke  them  very  much 
in  so  doing  ;  because  the  grief e  that  he  had  would  someichat 
be  asswaged,  and  the  paine  that  he  felt,  because  he  left  them 
in  so  great  confusion,  to  wit,  in  leaving  them  in  a  strange 
countrie,  where  they  knew  not  where  they  were. 


DON   FERUINANDO  DE  SOTO.  125 

Baltasar  cle  G alleges  answered  in  the  name  of  all  the  rest. 
And  first  of  all  comforting  him,  he  set  before  his  eies  how 
short  the  life  of  this  world  was,  and  with  how  many  troubles 
and  miseries  it  is  accompanied,  and  how  God  shewed  him  a 
singular  favor  Avhich  soonest  left  it :  telling  him  many  other 
things  fit  for  such  a  time.  And  for  the  last  point,  that  since 
it  pleased  God  to  take  him  to  himselfe,  although  his  death 
did  justly  grieve  them  much,  yet  as  wel  he,  as  al  the  rest 
ought  of  necessitie  to  conforme  themselves  to  the  will  of  God. 
And  touching  the  Governour  which  he  commanded  they 
should  elect,  he  besought  him,  that  it  would  please  his  lord- 
shi]3  to  name  him  which  he  thought  fit,  and  him  they  would 
obey.  And  presently  he  named  Luys  cle  Moscoso  de  Alvarado, 
his  caj)taine  generall.  And  presently  he  was  sworne  by  all 
that  were  present  and  elected  for  Governour.  The  next  day.  The  death  of 
beins^  the  21  of  May,  1542,  departed  out  of  this  life,  the  "ando  de 
valorous,  virtuous,  and  valiant  captaine,  Don  Fernando  de  ofMay,i542, 
Soto,  Governour  of  Cuba,  and  Adelantado  of  Florida ;  whom 
fortune  advanced,  as  it  useth  to  doe  others,  that  hee  might 
have  the  higher  fal.  He  departed  in  such  a  place,  and  at 
such  a  time,  as  in  his  sicknesse  he  had  but  little  comfort :  and 
the  danger  wherein  all  his  people  were  of  perishing  in  that 
countrie,  which  appeared  before  their  eies,  was  cause  suiR- 
cient,  why  every  one  of  them  had  need  of  comfort,  and  why 
they  did  not  visit  nor  accompanie  him  as  they  ought  to  have 
done.  Luys  de  Moscoso  determined  to  conceale  his  death 
from  the  Indians,  because  Ferdinando  de  Soto  had  made  them 
beleeve  that  the  Christians  were  immortall,  and  also  because 
they  tooke  him  to  be  bardie,  wise,  and  valiant :  and  if  they 
should  know  that  he  was  dead,  they  would  bee  bold  to  set 
upon  the  Christians,  though  they  lived  peaceablie  by  them. 
In  regard  of  their  disposition,  and  because  they  were  nothing 
constant,  and  beleeved  all  that  was  told  them,  the  Adelantado 
made  them  beleeve,  that  he  knew  some  things  that  passed  in 
secret  among  themselves,  without  their  knowledge,  how,  or  in 


126  A  RELATION  OF 

A  wittie       what  manner  lie  came  by  them  :  and  that  the  figure  which 

stratagem.  i   •    n      i  i  i       i  i  •  i         n    i   • 

appeared  in  a  glasse,  which  he  shewed  them,  did  teil  him 
whatsoever  they  practised  and  went  about ;  and  therefore 
neither  in  word  nor  deed  durst  they  attempt  any  thing  that 
might  bee  prejudicial!  unto  him. 

As  soone  as  he  was  dead,  Luis  de  Moscoso  commanded  to 

put  him  secretly  in  an  house,  where  hee  remained  three  dales  : 

and  remooving  him  from  thence,  commanded  him  to  bee  buried 

in  the  night  at  one  of  the  gates  of  the  towne  within  the  wall. 

And  as  the  Indians  had  scene  him  sick,  and  missed  hmi,  so 

did  they  suspect  what  might  bee.     And  passing  by  the  place 

where  hee  was  buried,  seeing  the  earth  mooved,  they  looked 

and  spake  one  to  another.     Luys  de  Moscoso  understanding 

of  it,  commanded  him  to  be  taken  Lip  by  night,  and  to  cast  a 

great  deale  of  sand  into  the  mantles,  wherein  he  was  winded 

up,  wherein  hee  was  carried  in  a  canoe,  and  thi'owne  into  the 

middest  of  the  river.     The  cacique  of  Guachoya  inquired  for 

him,  demanding  what  was  become  of  his  brother  and  lord, 

the  Governour.     Luys  de  Moscoso  told  him,  that  he  was  gon 

to  heaven,  as  many  other  times  hee  did ;  and  because  hee  was 

to  stay  there  certaine  daies,  hee  had  left  him  in  his  place. 

The  cacique  thought  with  himself  that  he  was  dead ;   and 

commanded  two  young  and  well-proportioned  Indians  to  be 

brought  thither ;  and  said,  that  the  use  of  that  countrie  was, 

Secustome  ^hcn  aiiy  lord  died,  to  kill  Indians  to  wait  upon  him,  and 

Taltars!*^     scrvc  him  by  the  way  :  and  for  that  purpose  by  his  com- 

mandement  were  those  come  thither :  and  prayed  Luys  de 

Moscoso  to  command  them  to  be  beheaded,  that  they  might 

attend  and  serve  his  lord  and  brother.     Luys  de  Moscoso 

told  him,  that  the   Governour  was  not  dead,  but  gone  to 

heaven,  and  that  of  his  owne  Christian  souldiers  he  had  taken 

such  as  he  needed  to  serve  him,  and  praied  him  to  command 

those  Indians  to  be  loosed,  and  not  to  use  any  such  bad  cus- 

tome  from  thencefoorth.     Straightway  hee  commanded  them 

to  be  loosed,  and  to  get  them  home  to  their  houses.   And  one  of 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  127 

them  would  not  goe  ;  saying,  that  hce  would  not  serve  him  that 
without  desert  had  judged  him  to  death,  hut  that  hee  would 
serve  him  as  long  as  hee  lived,  which  had  saved  his  life. 

Luys  de  Moscoso  caused  all  the  goods  of  the  Governour  to 
be  sold  at  an  outcrie  :^  to  wit,  two  men  slaves,  and  two  women 
slaves,  and  three  horses,  and  seven  hundred  ho^^6s.     For  seven 

hundrec 

every  slave  or  horse  they  gave  two  or  three  thousand  ducats  :  ^^ss^s. 
which  were  to  he  paied  at  the  first  melting  of  gold  or  silver, 
or  at  the  division  of  their  portion  of  inheritance.  And  they 
entred  into  bonds,  though  in  the  countrie  there  was  not 
wherewith,  to  pay  it  within  a  yeere  after,  and  put  in  sureties 
for  the  same.  Such  as  in  Spaine  had  no  goods  to  bind,  gave 
two  hundred  ducats  for  an  hog,  giving  assurance  after  the 
same  manner.  Those  which  had  any  goods  in  Spaine,  bought 
with  more  feare,  and  bought  the  lesse.  From  that  time 
forward,  most  of  the  companie  had  swine,  and  brought  them 
up,  and  fed  upon  them;  and  observed  Fridaies  and  Saturdaies, 
and  the  evenings  of  feasts,  which  before  they  did  not.  For 
sometimes  in  two  or  three  moneths  they  did  eate  no  flesh,  and 
whensoever  they  could  come  by  it,  they  did  eate  it. 


CHAPTER    XXXI. 


How  the  Governour,  Luys  de  Moscoso,  departed  from  Guachoya,  and  went 
to  Chaguate  ;  and  from  thence  to  Aguacay. 

Some  were  glad  of  the  death  of  Don  Ferdinando  de  Soto, 
holding  for  certaine  that  Luys  de  Moscoso  (which  was  given 
to  his  ease)  would  rather  desire  to  be  among  the  Christians 
at  rest,  then  to  continue  the  labours  of  the  warre  in  subdu- 
ing and  discovering  of  countries,  whereof  they  were  alreadie 

*  i.e.  an  auction  : 

"  The  goods  of  this  poor  man  sold  at  an  outcry, 
His  wife  turn'd  out  of  doors." — 

(Massinger's  "  City  Madam",  act  i,  sc.  3.) 


westwai'd. 


128  A  RELATION  OF 

wcaric,  seeing  the   small  profit  that  insuecl  thereof.      The 

Governour  commanded  the  captaines  and  principall  persons 

to  meet,  to  consult  and  determine  Avhat  they  should   doe. 

And  being  informed  what   peopled  habitation  was   round 

about,  he  understood  that  to  the  west  the  countrie  was  most 

inhabited,  and  that  downe  the  river  beyond  Quigalta  was 

uninhabited,  and  had  little  store  of  food.     He  desired  them 

all,  that  everie  one  would  give  his  opinion  in  writing,  and 

Their  gene-  gg^  ]^jg  ]iand  to  it  I  that  they  mio-ht  resolve  by  o^enerall  con- 
mi  resolu-  JO  JO 

ve'n  byiaud  scut,  whcthcr  they  should  goe  downe  the  river,  or  enter 
into  the  maine  land.  All  were  of  opinion,  that  it  was  best 
to  go  by  land  toward  the  west,  because  Nueva  Espanna  was 
that  way ;  holding  the  voyage  by  sea  more  dangerous,  and 
of  greater  hazard,  because  they  could  make  no  ship  of  any 
strength  to  abide  a  storme,  neither  had  they  master,  nor 
pilot,  compasse,  nor  chart,  neither  knew  they  how  farre  the 
sea  was  off,  nor  had  any  notice  of  it ;  nor  whether  the  river 
did  make  any  great  turning  into  the  land,  or  had  any  great 
fall  from  the  rocks,  where  all  of  them  might  be  cast  away. 
And  some  which  had  seene  the  sea  chart,  did  find,  that  from 
the  place  where  they  were  by  the  sea  coast  to  Xova  Espanna, 
might  be  four  hundred  leagues,  little  more  or  lesse,  and  said, 
that  though  they  went  somewhat  about  by  land  in  seeking 
a  peopled  countrie,  if  some  great  wildernesse  which  they 
could  not  passe  did  not  hinder  them,  by  spending  that  sonimer 
in  travell,  finding  provision  to  passe  the  winter  in  some 
peopled  countrie,  that  the  next  sommer  after  they  might 
come  to  some  Christian  land,  and  that  it  might  fortune,  in 
their  travell  by  land,  to  find  some  rich  countrie,  where  they 
might  doe  themselves  good.  The  Governour,  although 
he  desii'ed  to  get  out  of  Florida  in  shorter  time,  seeing  the 
inconveniences  they  laid  before  him,  in  travelling  by  sea, 
determined  to  follow  that  which  seemed  good  to  them  all. 

The  fifth  of  On  Monday  the  fifth  of  June,  he  departed  from  Guachoya. 
The  cacique  gave  him  a  guide  to  Chaguate,  and  staied  at 


June. 


DOX  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  129 

home  in  liis  owne  towne.  Tliey  passed  through  a  provmce 
called  Catalte  :  and  having  passed  a  wildcrnesse  of  sixe  dales  ^^*^^*^®- 
journie,  the  twentieth  day  of  the  moneth  he  came  to  Chaguate.  chaguate. 
The  cacique  of  this  province  had  visited  the  Governour,  Don 
Ferdinando  de  Soto,  at  Autiamque,  whither  he  brought  him 
presents  of  skinnes,  and  mantles,  and  salt.  And  a  day  before 
Luys  de  Moscoso  came  to  his  towne,  we  lost  a  Christian  that 
was  sicke  ;  which  hee  suspected  that  the  Indians  had  slaine. 
Hee  sent  the  cacique  word,  that  he  should  command  his 
people  to  seeke  him  up,  and  send  him  unto  him,  and  that  he 
would  hold  him,  as  he  did,  for  his  friend :  and  if  he  did  not, 
that  neither  he,  nor  his,  should  escape  his  hands,  and  that 
hee  would  set  his  countrie  on  fire.  Presently  the  cacique 
came  unto  him,  and  brought  a  great  present  of  mantles  and 
skinnes,  and  the  Christian  that  was  lost,  and  made  this  speech 
following : 

Right  excellent  lord,  I  would  not  deserve  that  conceit  ivhich 
you  had  of  me,  for  all  the  treasure  of  the  tvorld.  What  in- 
forced  me  to  goe  to  visit  and  serve  the  excellent  Lord  Govern- 
our  your  father  in  Autiamque,  ivhich  you  shoidd  have  re- 
7nemhred,  ivhere  I  offered  myself e  ivith  all  log altie,  faith,  and 
love,  during  my  life  to  serve  and  obey  him  ?  What  then 
could  he  the  cause,  I  having  received  favours  of  him,  and 
7ieither  you  nor  he  having  done  me  any  wrong,  that  shoidd 
moove  me  to  doe  the  thing  which  I  ought  not  ?  Beleeve  this 
of  mee,  that  neither  lorong,  nor  any  worldly  interest,  ivas  able 
to  malxc  me  to  have  done  it,  nor  shall  be  able  to  blind  me. 
But  as  in  this  life  it  is  a  naturall  course,  that  after  one 
pleasure,  many  sorrowes  doe  folloiv  :  so  by  your  indignatio?i, 
fortune  would  moderate  the  joy,  ivhich  my  heart  conceiveth 
loith  your  presence  ;  and  that  I  shoidd  erre,  where  I  thought 
surest  to  have  hit  the  may^he,  in  harboring  this  Christian 
ivhich  was  lost,  and  using  him  in  such  manner  as  he  may 
tell  himself e,  tliinhing  that  herein  I  did  you  service,  tvith 
purpose  to  deliver  him  unto  you  in  Chaguate,  and  to  serve 

s 


130  A  RELATION  OF 

you  to  the  uttermost  of  my  power.  If  I  deserve  punishment 
for  this,  I  ivill  receive  it  at  your  hands,  as  from  my  lord,  as 
if  it  were  a  favour.  For  the  love  tvhich  I  did  heare  to  the 
excellent  Governour,  and  tohich  I  heare  to  you,  hath  no  limit. 
And  like  as  you  give  me  chastisement,  so  tvill  you  also  shew 
me  favour.  And  that  tchich  now  I  crave  of  you  is  this,  to 
declare  your  tvill  unto  me,  and  those  things  wherein  I  may 
hee  able  to  doe  you  the  most  and  best  service. 

The  Governour  answered  him,  that  because  he  did  not 
find  him  in  that  to^vne,  hee  was  incensed  against  him,  think- 
ing he  had  absented  himselfe,  as  others  had  done :  but  seeing 
he  now  knew  his  loyaltie  and  love,  he  would  alwaies  hold 
him  as  a  brother,  and  favour  him  in  all  his  aiFaires.  The 
cacique  went  with  him  to  the  towne  where  he  resided,  which 
was  a  dales  journie  from  thence.  They  passed  through  a 
A  smai       smal  towii,  whcrc  there  was  a  lake,  where  the  Indians  made 

towne. 

Salt  made  of  Salt  I  and  the  Christians  made  some  one  day  while  they  rested 
ufwat.r.  there,  of  a  brackish  water,  which  sprang  neere  the  towne  in 
ponds  like  fountaines.  The  Governour  staled  in  Chaguate 
sixe  dales.  There  he  was  informed  of  the  habitation  that 
was  toward  the  west.  They  told  him,  that  three  dales  jour- 
nie from  thence  was  a  province  called  Aguacay.  The  day 
that  he  departed  from  Chaguate,  a  Christian,  called  Francisco 
de  Guzman,  the  base  sonne  of  a  gentleman  of  Si^dll,  staled 
behind,  and  went  to  the  Indians,  with  an  Indian  woman 
which  he  kept  as  his  concubine,  for  feare  he  should  be  piuiished 
for  gaming  debts,  that  he  did  owe.  The  Governor  had  tra- 
velled two  dales  before  he  missed  him  ;  hee  sent  the  cacique 
word  to  seeke  him  up,  and  to  send  him  to  Aguacay,  whither  he 
travelled :  which  hee  did  not  performe.  From  the  cacique  of 
Aguacay,  before  they  came  into  the  couutrie,  there  met  him 
on  the  way  fifteen  Indians  with  a  present  of  skinnes,  fish, 
Apuacay.  aud  rostcd  veulsou.  The  Governour  came  to  his  towne  on 
Wednesday,  the  fourth  of  Julie.  He  found  the  towne  with- 
out people,  and  lodged  in  it :  he  staled  there  about  a  day  ; 


DON    FEUDiNAMX)   1)E  8010.  131 

durlns:  wliicli,  lie  made  some  roades,  and  tooke  many  men 
and  women.     There  they  had  knowledare  of  the  South  Sea.  i^wwiedge 
Here  there  was  great  store  of  salt  made  of  sand,  which  they  ^'''*' 
gather  in  a  vaine  of  ground  like  peeble  stones.     And  it  was  1^'^,;^.°'^"^' 
made  as  thev  make  saU  in  Cayas. 


CHAPTER    XXXIl. 


Now   the   Govenioar   went  from  Aguacay  to  Naguatex,   aad  what 

haj^pened  unto  him. 

The  same  day  that  the  Governour  departed  from  Aguacay, 
he  lodo-ed  in  a  small  towne  subiect  to  the  lord  of  that  pro-  a  smai 

^  ^  towue. 

vince.     The  canipe  pitched  hard  by  a  lake  of  salt  water,  and 
that  evening  they  made  some  salt  there.     The  day  following  ^Je.'"''' 
hce  lodged  betweene  two  mountaines  in  a  thinne  groA^e  of 
wood.     The  next  day  hee  came  to  a  small  towne  called  Pato.  ^''''^''■ 
The  fourth  day  after  his  departure  from  Aguacay  he  came 
to  the  fii'st  habitation  of  a  province  called  Amaye.    There  an  -^"^'^i^- 
Indian  was  taken,  which  said,  that  from  thence  to  Naguatex 
A\-as  a  day  and  a  halfes  journey,  Avhich  they  travelled,  finding 
all  the  way  inhabited  places.      Having  passed  the  peopled 
countrie  of  Amaye,  on  Saturday,  the  20  of  Julie,  they  pitched  J'^iii^  ^O" 
their  campe  at  noone  betweene  Amaye  and  Naguatex,  along 
the  corner  of  a  grove  of  very  faii'e  trees.     In  the  same  place 
certaine  Indians  were  discovered,  which  came  to  view  them. 
The  horsemen  went  out  to  them,  and  killed  six,  and  tooke 
two  ;   v>-hom   the    Governour   asked,  wherefore   they  came  ? 
They  said,  to  know  what  people  hee  had,  and  Avhat  order 
they  kept ;  and  that  the  cacique  of  Xaguatex,  their  lord,  had 
sent  them ;  and  that  he,  with  other  caciques  which  came  to 
aide  him,  determined  that  day  to  bid  him  battell.     ^\^hile 
they  were  occupied  in  these  questions  and  answeres,  there 


132 


A  RELATION  OF 


iiacauac. 


Naguatex. 


A  river. 


came  many  Indians  by  two  waies  in  two  squadrons  ;  and  when 
they  saw  they  were  descried,  giving  a  great  crie,  they  assaulted 
the  Christians  each  squadron  by  it  selfe  ;  but  seeing  what 
resistance  the  Christians  made  them,  they  turned  their  backes 
and  betooke  themselves  to  flight,  in  which  many  of  them  lost 
their  lives  ;  and  most  of  the  horsemen  follo^vdng  them  in  chase, 
carelesse  of  the  camj),  other  two  squadrons  of  Indians,  which 
lay  in  ambush,  set  upon  the  Clnistians  that  were  in  the  campe, 
which  also  they  resisted,  who  also  had  their  reward  as  the 
first.  After  the  flight  of  the  Indians,  and  that  the  Christians 
w^ere  retii'ed,  they  heard  a  great  noise  a  crossebow  shot  from 
the  place  where  they  were.  The  Governour  sent  twelve 
horsemen  to  see  what  it  was.  They  found  sixe  Chi'istians, 
foure  footmen  and  two  horsemen,  among  many  Indians ;  the 
horsemen  defending  the  footmen  with  great  labour.  These 
being  of  them  that  chased  the  first  two  squadrons,  had  lost 
themselves,  and,  comming  to  recover  the  campe,  fell  among 
those  with  whom  they  were  fighting  ;  and  so  they,  and  those 
that  came  to  succour  them,  slew  many  of  the  Indians,  and 
brought  one  alive  to  the  campe,  whom  the  Governour  exa- 
mined, who  they  were  that  came  to  bid  him  battell.  He 
told  him,  that  they  were  the  cacique  of  Naguatex,  and  of 
Amaye,  and  another  of  a  province  called  Hacanac,  a  lord  of 
great  countries  and  many  subjects;  and  that  the  cacique  of 
Naguatex  came  for  captaine  and  chiefest  of  them  all.  The 
Governour  commanded  his  right  arme  and  nose  to  be  cut 
oflT,  and  sent  him  to  the  cacique  of  Naguatex,  charging  him 
to  tell  him,  that  the  next  day  hee  would  bee  in  his  countrey 
to  destroy  him ;  and  if  hee  would  withstand  his  entrance, 
hee  should  stay  for  him. 

That  night  he  lodged  there,  and  the  next  day  hee  came 
to  the  habitation  of  jVaguatex,  which  was  very  scattering : 
he  inquired  where  the  caciques  chiefe  towne  was  ?  They 
told  him  that  it  was  on  the  other  side  of  a  river  that  passed 
thereby.     Hee  travelled  thitherward,  and  came  unto  it ;  and 


DON  FERUINANDO  DE  SOTO.  133 

on  the  other  side  hee  saw  many  Indians,  that  taried  for  him, 
making  shew  as  though  they  would  defend  the  passage. 
And  because  hee  knew  not  whether  it  could  bee  waded,  nor 
where  the  passage  was,  and  that  some  Christians  and  horses 
were  hurt,  that  they  might  have  time  to  recover,  he  deter- 
mined to  rest  certaine  dales  in  the  towne  where  he  was.  So 
hee  pitched  his  campe  a  quarter  of  a  league  from  the  river, 
because  the  weather  was  very  hot,  neere  unto  the  towne,  in  August. 
a  thinne  grove  of  very  faire  and  hie  trees,  neere  a  brookes 
side ;  and  in  that  place  were  certaine  Indians  taken,  whom 
hee  examined,  whether  the  river  were  wadeable  or  no  ? 
They  said,  yea,  at  some  times,  and  in  some  places.  Within 
ten  dales  after,  he  sent  two  captaines  with  fifteene  horsemen 
a  peece  upward  and  downe  the  river,  with  Indians  to  shew 
them  where  they  should  goe  over,  to  see  what  habitation  was 
on  the  other  side  ;  and  the  Indians  withstood  them  both, 
defending  the  passage  of  the  river  as  farre  as  they  were  able, 
but  they  passed  in  despite  of  them ;  and  on  the  other  side  ^j^py  p^gg^ 
of  the  river  they  saw  great  habitation,  and  great  store  of 
victuals,  and  with  these  newes  returned  to  the  camp. 


CHAPTER    XXXIII. 


Hovj  the  cacique  of  Naguatex  cmne  to  visite  the  Governour,  and  how  the 
Govemour  departed  from  Naguatex  and  came  to  Nondacao. 

The  Governour  sent  an  Indian  from  Naguatex,  where  hee 
lay,  to  command  the  cacique  to  come  to  serve  and  obey  him, 
and  that  hee  would  forgive  him  all  that  was  past ;  and  if  he 
came  not,  that  he  would  seeke  him,  and  give  him  such  pun- 
ishment as  he  had  deserved  for  that  which  he  had  done 
against  him.      Within  two  dales  the  Indian  returned,  and 


134  A  RELATION  OF 

said  that  the  cacique  would  come  the  next  day ;  which,  the 
same  day  when  he  came,  sent  many  Indians  before  him, 
among  whom  there  were  some  jDrincipall  men  :  hee  sent  them 
to  see  what  countenance  they  found  in  the  Governour,  to 
resolve  with  himselfe  whether  hee  should  goe  or  not.  The 
Indians  let  him  understand  that  he  was  comming,  and  went 
away  presently ;  and  the  cacique  came  within  two  houres, 
accompanied  with  many  of  his  men  :  they  came  all  in  a  ranke 
one  before  another  on  both  sides,  leaving  a  lane  in  the 
middest,  where  hee  came.  They  came  where  the  Gover- 
Tuiia  not     nour  was,  all  of  them  weepinsj  after  the  manner  of  Tulla, 

far  from  N  a-  ^  x        o  ^ 

Sd^^'  ^^^^'  which  was  not  farre   from  thence  toward  the  east.       The 
cacique  made  his  due  obedience,  and  this  speech  following  : 

night  high  and  mightie  lord,  ivhom  all  the  xoorld  ought  to 
serve  and  obey,  I  was  hold  to  appeare  before  your  lordship, 
having  coinmitted  so  heinous  and  abominahle  an  act,  as  only 
for  me  to  have  imagined,  deserved  to  he  punished  ;  trusting 
in  your  greatnes,  that  although  I  deserve  to  ohtaine  no  pardon, 
yet  for  your  owne  sake  only  you  tvill  use  clemencie  toward 
me,  considering  hoio  small  I  am  iyi  comparison  of  your  lord- 
ship;  and  not  to  think  upon  my  iveaknesses,  tchich  to  my  grief  e 
and  for  my  greater  good,  I  have  knoione.  And  I  heleeve  that 
you  a7id  yours  are  immortall ;  and  that  your  lordship  is  lord 
of  the  land  of  nature,  seeing  that  you  suhdue  all  things,  and 
they  ohey  you,  even  the  very  hearts  of  men.  For  tchen  I 
beheld  the  slaughter  and  destruction  of  my  moi  in  the  battell, 
which,  through  mine  ignorance,  and  the  counsell  of  a  brother 
of  mine,  tchich  died  in  the  same,  I  gave  your  lordship,  pre- 
sently I  repented  me  in  my  heart  of  the  error  which  I  had 
committed,  and  desired  to  serve  and  obey  you  ;  and  to  this 
end  I  come,  that  your  lordship  may  chastise  and  command 
mee  as  your  owne. 

The  Governour  answered  him,  that  he  forgave  him  all 
which  Avas  past ;  that  from  thenceforth  hee  should  do  his 
dutie,  and  that  he  would  hold  him  for  his  friend,  and  that  he 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  135 


would  favour  him  in  all  things.     Within  foure  dales  hee  de- 
parted thence^  and  comming  to  the  river  he  could  not  passe,  3Jjfwnrun- 

b'.  1   •  1*1  T    i.      ^  '  passable  in 

ecause  it  was  growne  very  bigge ;  wnicn  seemed  to  nim  a  August  at 

p,..,.  T  .  n.  T.  Naguatex. 

thing  01  admiration,  being  at  that  time  that  it  was,  and  since 

it  had  not  rained  a  moneth  before.     The  Indians  said,  that 

it  increased  many  times  after  that  manner  without  raining  in 

all  the  countrie.     It  was  supposed,  that  it  might  bee  the  tide  ora'sea  to'' 

that  came  into  it.     It  was  learned  that  the  flood  came  alway  ward. 

from  above,  and  that  the  Indians  of  all  that  countrie  had  no 

knowledge  of  the  sea.     The  Governour  returned  unto  the 

place  where  he  had  lodged  before :  and  understanding  within 

eight  dales  after  that  the  river  was  passeable,  he  departed. 

He  passed  over  and  found  the  towne  without  people  :   he  ^  towno. 

lodged  in  the  field,  and  sent  the  cacique  word  to  come  unto 

him,  and  to  bring  him  a  guide  to  goe  forward.     And  some 

dales  being  past,  seeing  the  cacique  came  not,  nor  sent  any 

bodie,  hee  sent  two   captaines   sundrie  waies  to  burne  the  Townes 

burned. 

townes,  and  to  take  such  Indians  as  they  could  finde.  They 
burnt  great  store  of  victuals,  and  took  many  Indians.  The 
cacique  seeing  the  hurt  that  he  received  in  his  countrie,  sent 
sixe  principall  Indians  with  three  men  for  guides,  which 
knew  the  language  of  the  countrie,  through  which  the  Gover- 
nour was  to  passe.  Hee  departed  presently  from  Naguatex, 
and  within  three  dales  journey  came  to  a  towne  of  foure  or 
five  houses,  which  belonged  to  the  cacique  of  that  province, 
Avhich  is  called  Nissoone  ;  it  was  evill  inhabited  and  had  Nissoone. 
little  maiz.  Two  dales  journey  forward  the  guides  which 
guided  the  Governour,  if  they  were  to  goe  westward,  guided 
him  to  the  east ;  and  sometimes  went  up  and  downe  through 
very  great  woods  out  of  the  way.  The  Governour  com- 
manded them  to  bee  hanged  upon  a  tree  :  and  a  woman  that 
they  tooke  in  JSTissoone  guided  him,  and  went  backe  againe 
to  seeke  the  way.  In  two  dales  he  came  to  another  miserable 
towne,  called  Lacane  ;  an  Indian  was  taken  in  that  place,  Lacane. 
that  said,  that  the  countrie  of  Nondacao  was  a  countrie  of  Nondacao. 


136  A  RELATION  OF 

great  habitation,  and  the  houses  scattering  the  one  from  the 
other,  as  they  use  to  bee  in  mountains,  and  had  great  store 
of  maiz.  The  cacique  came  with  his  men  weeping,  like  them 
of  Nasruatex  :  for  this  is  their  use  in  token  of  obedience  :  hee 
m.ade  him  a  present  of  much  fish,  and  offered  to  doe  what  he 
would  command  him.  Hee  tooke  his  leave,  and  gave  him  a 
guide  to  the  province  of  Soacatino. 


CHAPTER    XXXIY. 


How  the  Governour  v'ent  from  Xondacao  to  Soacatino  and  Guasco^  and 

parsed  through  a  desert,  from  whence,  for  want  of  a  guide  and 

an  interpretour,  he  returned  to  Nilco. 

The  Governour  de23arted  from  Xondacao  toward  Soacatino, 
Aays.  and  in  five  daies  journie  came  to  a  province  called  Aays. 

The  Indians  which  inhabited  it,  had  no  notice  of  the  Chi'is- 
tians  :  but  as  soone  as  they  saw  that  they  entred  into  their 
country,  they  assembled  themselves :  and  as  they  came  toge- 
ther fifty  or  one  hundred,  they  came  foorth  to  fight :  while 
some  fought,  others  came  and  charged  our  men  another  way, 
and  while  they  followed  some,  others  followed  them.  The 
fight  lasted  the  greatest  part  of  the  day,  till  they  came  to  their 
Atowne.  towuc.  Souic  horscs  and  men  were  wounded,  but  not  to  any 
hurt  of  their  travelling :  for  there  was  no  wound  that  was 
dangerous.  There  was  a  great  spoile  made  of  the  Indians. 
That  day  that  the  Governour  departed  from  thence,  the  In- 
dian that  guided  him  said,  that  in  Xondacao  he  had  heard 
say,  that  the  Indians  of  Soacatino  had  scene  other  Christians, 
whereof  they  all  were  very  glad  :  thinking  it  might  be  true, 
and  that  they  might  have  entred  into  those  parts  by  Xueva 
Espanna ;  and  that  if  it  were  so,  it  was  in  their  owne  hand 
to  goe  out  of  Florida,  if  they  found  nothing  of  profit :   for 


DON   FEKDIXAXDO  I)E  SO'IO.  loT 

they  feared  they  should  lose  themselves  in  some  wildernes. 
This  Indian  led  him  two  dales  out  of  the  way.  The  Govern- 
our  commanded  to  torture  him.  He  said,  that  the  cacique  of 
Nondacao,  his  lord,  had  commanded  him  to  guide  them  so, 
because  they  were  his  enemies,  and  that  hce  was  to  doe  as 
his  lord  commanded  him.  The  Governour  commanded  him 
to  be  cast  to  the  dogs :  and  another  guided  him  to  Soacatino,  soacatino. 
whither  hee  came  the  day  following.  It  was  a  verie  poore 
countrie;  there  was  great  want  of  maiz  in  that  place.  Hee 
asked  the  Indians,  whether  they  knew  of  any  other  Chris- 
tians. They  said,  that  a  little  from  thence  toward  the  south 
they  heard  they  were.     He  travelled  twenty  dales  through  a  Twenty daies 

....  .    .      travell    to- 

countrie  evill  inhabited,  where  they  suffered  great  scarcitie  ^q^JJ/^^® 
and  trouble.     For  that  little  maiz  which  the  Indians  had, 
they  had  hidden  and  buried  in  the  woods,  where  the  Chris- 
tians, after  they  were  well  wearied  with  their  travell,  at  the 
end  of  their  journie  went  to  seeke  by  digging  what  they 
should  eat.     At  last,  comming  to  a  province  that  was  called 
Guasco,  they  found  maiz,  wherewith  they  loaded  their  horses,  ^JI^tTe"- 
and  the  Indians  that  they  had.     From  thence  they  went  to  TurkL^""^^ 
another  towne  called  Naquisco^a.     The  Indians  said,  they  mamies  of 

11  '  o  1  /-n      •      •  rr^^  n  cotton  wooll. 

had  no   notice   oi    any  other   Christians.       I  he    Governour  ciiap.  35. 

''  Naquiscoca. 

commanded  to  torment  them.      They  said,  that  they  came 
first  to  another  lordship,  which  was  called  Nacacahoz,  and  Na^acahoz. 
from  thence  returned  again  to  the  west,  from  whence  they 
came. 

The  Governour  came  in  two  daies  to  Nacacahoz  :  some 
women  were  taken  there  :  among  whom  there  was  one,  which 
said,  that  she  had  scene  Christians,  and  had  been  taken  by 
them,  and  had  run  away.  The  Governour  sent  a  captaine 
with  fifteen  horsemen  to  the  place  where  the  woman  said 
she  had  scene  them,  to  see  if  there  were  any  signe  of  horses, 
or  any  token  of  their  being  there.  After  they  had  gone  three 
or  foure  leagues,  the  woman  that  guided  them  said,  that  all 

T 


138  A    RELATION    OF 

that  she  had  told  them  was  untrue.  And  so  they  held  all 
the  rest  that  the  Indians  had  said,  of  seeing  Christians  in  the 
land  of  Florida.  And,  because  the  countrie  that  way  was 
poore  of  maiz,  and  toward  the  west  there  was  no  notice  of 
•niey return-  ^ny  habitation,  they  returned  to  Guasco. 

edtoGuasco.        j  ^  j 

The  Indians  told  them  there,  that  ten  daies  journie  from 
thence  toward  the  west,  was  a  river  called  Daycao,  whither 
they  went  sometimes  a  hunting  and  killing  of  deere ;  and 
that  they  had  scene  people  on  the  other  side,  but  knew  not 
what  habitation  was  there.  There  the  Christians  tooke  such 
maiz  as  they  found  and  could  carrie,  and  going  ten  daies 
J^^.^^^^^*"  "^^  journie  through  a  wildernesse,  they  came  to  the  river  which 
Stobr°^  the  Indians  had  told  them  of.  Ten  horsemen,  which  the 
Governour  had  sent  before,  passed  over  the  same,  and  went 
in  a  way  that  led  to  the  river,  and  lighted  upon  a  companie 
of  Indians  that  dwelt  in  verie  little  cabins ;  who,  as  soone  as 
they  saw  them,  tooke  themselves  to  flight,  leaving  that  which 
they  had :  all  which  was  nothing  but  miserie  and  povertie. 
The  countrie  was  so  poore,  that  among  them  all  there  was 
not  found  halfe  a  peck  of  maiz.  The  horsemen  tooke  two 
Indians,  and  returned  with  them  to  the  river,  where  the 
Governour  staied  for  them.  He  sought  to  learne  of  them 
what  habitation  was  toward  the  west.  There  was  none  in 
the  camp  that  could  understand  their  language.  The  Gover- 
nour assembled  the  captaines  and  principall  persons  to  deter- 

'  The  "  Rio  del  Oro"  is  placed  in  Ortelius's  map  of  Florida  (Theatrum 
orbis  terrarum,  1570)  midway  between  the  "  Rio  del  Spirito  Santo",  i.e.,  the 
Mississippi,  and  the  "  Rio  Escondido",  which  is  probably  the  "  Rio  Bravo 
del  Norte" ;  but  it  is  difficult  to  determine  which  of  the  several  rivers 
within  that  space  may  be  referred  to.  The  reader  w'ill  have  already  ob- 
served that  under  the  name  of  Florida  are  included  countries  lying  far 
beyond  the  tract  at  present  bearing  that  designation.  This  name  indeed 
was  originally,  though  vaguely,  applied  by  the  Spaniards  to  that  part 
of  the  United  States  lying  between  the  ocean  and  the  Appalachian 
mountains,  and  extending  east  and  west  from  about  the  Savannah  river 
as  far  as  Texas, 


DON  FERDIXANDO  I)E  SOTO.  139 

mine,  with  their  advice,  what  they  should  doe.    And  the  most 

part  said,  that  they  thought  it  best  to  returne  backe  to  Rio 

Grande,  or  the  great  river  of  Guachoya ;    because  that  in 

Nilco  and  thereabout  was  store  of  maiz ;  saying,  that  they 

would  make  pinaces  that  winter,  and  the  next  sommer  passe 

down  the  river  to  the  seaward  in  them,  and  comming  to  the 

sea  they  would  goe  along  the  coast  to  Nueva  Espanna.     For 

though  it  seemed  a  doubtfull  thing  and  difficult,  by  that 

which  they  had  already  alleaged,  yet  it  was  the  last  remedie 

they  had.     For  by  land  they  could  not  goe  for  want  of  an 

interpretour.     And  they  held,  that  the  countrie  beyond  the  no  travel- 
ling by  land 
river  of  Daycao,  where  they  were,  was  that  which  Cabeca  de  without  aa 

-I  ^  J  '  >  interpre- 

Vaca  mentioned  in  his  relation,  that  he  passed  of  the  Indians,  **""• 
which  lived  like  the  Alarbes,*  having  no  setled  place,  and  fed 
upon  tunas^  and  rootes  of  the  fields,  and  wilde  beasts  that 
they  killed ;  which,  if  it  were  so,  if  they  should  enter  into  it, 
and  finde  no  victuals  to  passe  the  winter,  they  could  not 
chuse  but  perish.  For  they  were  entred  alreadie  into  the 
beginning  of  October ;  and  if  they  staled  any  longer,  they 
were  not  able  to  returne  for  raine  and  snowes,  nor  to  sus- 
taine  themselves  in  so  poore  a  countrey.  The  Governour 
(that  desired  long  to  see  himselfe  in  a  place  where  hee  might 
sleepe  his  full  sleep,  rather  then  to  conquer  and  governe  a 
countrie  where  so  many  troubles  presented  themselves)  pre- 
sently returned  back  that  same  way  that  he  came. 

*  i.e.  the  Arabs. 

2  The  Indian  fig,  or  prickly  pear — Cactus  opuntia. 


140  A  RELATION  OF 


CHAPTER   XXXY. 

Uvu^  they  returned  to  Xilco,  and  ccuue  to  Minoya,  where  they  agreed  to 
make  ships  to  depart  out  of  the  land  of  Florida. 

When  that  Avhich  was  determined  was  published  in  the 
campe,  there  were  many  that  were  greatly  grieved  at  it ;  for 
they  held  the  sea  voyage  as  doubtfully  for  the  evill  meanes 
they  had,  and  of  as  great  danger  as  the  travelling  by  land ; 
and  they  hoped  to  finde  some  rich  countrie  before  they  came 
to  the  land  of  the  Chi'istians,  by  that  which  Cabeca  de  Vaca 
had  told  the  emperour ;  and  that  was  this,  that  after  hee  had 
Gold,  silver,  fouud  clothcs  made  of  cotton  wooll,  hee  saw  srold  and  silver, 

and  precious 

FiSidft^"  and  stones  of  great  value.  And  they  had  not  yet  come 
where  hee  had  been.  For  untill  that  place  hee  alwaies 
travelled  by  the  sea  coast ;  and  they  travelled  farre  ^4thin 
the  land ;  and  that  going  toward  the  west,  of  necessitie  they 
should  come  where  hee  had  been.  For  he  said,  that  in  a 
certaine  place  he  travelled  many  dales,  and  entred  into  the 
land  toward  the  north.     And  in  Guasco  they  had  ah'eadie 

'^J^^i^  „„ ,  found  some  Tui'kie  stones^  and  mantles  of  cotton  wooll,  which 

stoiics.  and  ' 


Stum^wotu,  the  Indians  signified  by  signes  that  they  had  from  the  west ; 

Guasco.  and  that  holding  that  course,  they  should  di*aw  neere  to  the 
land  of  the  Clnistians.  But  though  they  were  much  discon- 
tented with  it,  and  it  grieved  many  to  goe  backward,  which 
would  rather  have  adventui'ed  their  lives  and  have  died  in 
the  land  of  Florida,  then  to  have  gone  poore  out  of  it :  yet 
were  they  not  a  sufficient  part  to  hinder  that  which  was 
determined,  because  the  principall  men  agreed  with  the 
Governour,  And  afterward  there  was  one  that  said,  hee 
would  put  out  one  of  his  owne  eyes  to  put  out  another  of 
Luis  de  Moscoso,  because  it  would  grieve  him  much  to  see 
him  prosper ;  because  as  well  himself  as  others  of  his  friends 

'  Turquoises. 


DON  FERD1NANJ)()   l)E  SOTO.  141 

had  crossed  that  which  hee  durst  not  have  done,  seemg  that 
within  two  daies  hee  should  leave  the  government. 

From  Daycao,  where  now  they  were,  to  Rio  Grande,  or  jr,o  leagues 
the  Great  River,  Avas  a  hundred  and  fifty  leagues,  which  unto  the'iivei^of 

TAiii  Daycao,  and 

that  place  they  had  gone  westward.      And  by  the  way  as  kio  Grande. 

they  returned  backe  they  had  much  adoe  to  find  maiz  to 

eate,  for  where  they  had  passed  the  countrey  was  destroyed, 

and  some  little  maiz  that  was  left  the  Indians  had  hidden. 

The  townes  which  in  Naguatex  they  had  burned  (whereof  it  Naguatex. 

repented  them)  were  repaired  againe,  and  the  houses  full  of 

maiz.     This  countrie  is  well  inhabited  and  plentifull.     In 

that  place  are  vessels  made  of  clay,  which  differ  very  little  Fine  earth- 

^  -^  *^  en  vessels. 

from  those  of  Estremoz,  or  Monte-mor.  In  Chaguate  the  chaguate. 
Indians  by  commandement  of  the  cacique  came  peaceably,  and 
said,  that  the  Christian  which  remained  there  would  not 
come.  The  Governour  wrote  unto  him,  and  sent  him  inke 
and  paper,  that  he  might  answere.  The  substance  of  the 
words  of  the  letter  was,  to  declare  unto  him  his  determina- 
tion, which  was,  to  goe  out  of  the  land  of  Florida,  and  to 
put  him  in  remembrance  that  he  was  a  Christian,  that  hee 
would  not  remaine  in  the  subjection  of  infidels  ;  that  hee  par- 
doned him  the  fault  which  he  had  done  in  going  away  to  the 
Indians  ;  that  hee  should  come  unto  him,  and  if  they  did 
stay  him,  that  hee  would  advertise  him  thereof  by  writing. 
The  Indian  went  with  the  letter,  and  came  again  without 
any  more  answere,  then  on  the  back  side  his  name  and  his 
scale,  that  they  might  know  he  was  alive.  The  Governour 
sent  twelve  horsemen  to  seeke  him ;  but  he,  which  had  his 
spies,  so  hid  himselfe,  that  they  could  not  find  him.  For 
want  of  maiz,  the  Governour  could  not  stay  any  longer  to 
seeke  him. 

Hee   departed  from   Chaguate,   and  passed  the  river  by 
Aays  ;  going  downe  by  it,  hee  found  a  towne  called  Chilano,  Aays. 
which  as  yet  they  had  not  seen.     They  came  to  Nilco,  and  nuco. 
found  so  little  maiz  as  could  not  suffice  till  they  made  their 


142  A  KELATIOX  OF 

ships ;  because  the  Chi'istians,  being  in  Guachoya  in  the 
seede  time,  the  Indians,  for  feare  of  them,  durst  not  come  to 
sow  the  grounds  of  Nilco ;  and  they  knew  not  thereabout 
any  other  countrie  where  any  maiz  was ;  and  that  was  the 
most  fruitfull  soile  that  was  thereaway,  and  where  they  had 
most  hope  to  finde  it.  Every  one  was  confounded,  and  the 
most  part  thought  it  bad  counsell  to  come  backe  from  the 
river  of  Daycao,  and  not  to  have  followed  their  fortune, 
going  that  way  that  went  over  land.  For  by  sea  it  seemed 
impossible  to  save  themselves,  unlesse  God  would  worke  a 
miracle  for  them ;  for  there  was  neither  pilot  nor  sea-chart ; 
neither  did  they  know  where  the  river  entred  into  the  sea ; 
neither  had  they  notice  of  it;  neither  had  they  any  thing 
wherewith  to  make  sailes ;  nor  any  store  of  enequem,  which 
is  a  grasse  whereof  they  make  okam,  which  grew  there :  and 
that  which  they  found,  they  saved  to  calke  the  pinaces  with- 
all  ;  neither  had  they  any  thing  to  pitch  them  withall ; 
neither  could  they  make  ships  of  such  substance,  but  that 
any  storme  would  put  them  in  great  danger ;  and  they  feared 
much  it  would  fall  out  with  them,  as  it  did  with  Pamphilo 
de  Narvaez,  which  was  cast  away  upon  that  coast :  and  above 
all  other  it  troubled  them  most,  that  they  could  finde  no 
maiz ;  for  without  it  they  could  not  bee  sustained,  nor  could 
doe  any  thing  that  they  had  neede  of.  All  of  them  were  put 
to  great  confusion.  Their  chiefe  remedy  was  to  commit 
themselves  to  God,  and  to  beseech  Him  that  He  would  direct 
them  the  way  that  they  might  save  their  lives.  And  it 
pleased  Him  of  His  goodnesse,  that  the  Indians  of  Nilco  came 
peaceablie,  and  told  them,  that  two  dales  journey  from  thence, 
neere  unto  the  Great  River,  were  two  townes,  whereof  the 
Christians  had  no  notice,  and  that  the  province  was  called 
Minoya,  and  was  a  fruitfull  soile  ;  that,  whether  at  this  present 
there  was  any  maiz  or  no,  they  knew  not,  because  they  had 
warre  with  them ;  but  that  they  would  be  very  glad,  Tvdth 
the  favour  of  the  Christians,  to  goe  and  spoyle  them.     The 


4 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  143 

Governour  sent  a  captaine  thither  with  horsemen  and  foot- 
men, and  the  Indians  of  Nilco  with  him.  Hee  came  to 
Minoya,  and  found  two  ffreat  townes  seated  in  a  plaine  and  Minoya. 

''     \  ^         ^  _  ^  -^  Two  great 

open  soile,  halfe  a  league  distant,  one  in  sight  of  another,  townes. 

and  in  them  he  tooke  many  Indians,  and  found  great  store 

of  maiz.     Presently  he  lodged  in  one  of  them,  and  sent  word 

to  the  Governour  what  hee  had  found ;  wherewith  they  were 

all  exceeding  glad.    They  departed  from  Nilco  in  the  begin-  The  begin- 

ning  of  De- 

ning  of  December,  and  all  that  way,  and  before  from  Chilano,  cember. 

they  endured  much  trouble ;  for  they  passed  through  many 

waters,   and  many  times  it  rained  with  a  northren  winde,  Raine,  with 

and  was  exceeding  cold,  so  that  they  were  in  the  open  field  wind,  ex- 
ceeding coid. 

with  water  over  and  underneath  them ;  and  when  at  the  end 
of  their  dales  journey  they  found  drie  ground  to  rest  upon, 
they  gave  great  thanks  to  God.  With  this  trouble  almost 
all  the  Indians  that  served  ihem  died.  And  after  they  were 
in  Minoya,  many  Christians  also  died ;  and  the  most  part 
were  sicke  of  great  and  dangerous  diseases,  which  had  a 
spice  of  the  lethargic.     At  this  place  died  Andrew  de  Vas-  The  death  of 

Andrew  Vas- 

concelos,  and  two  Portugals  of  Elvas,  which  were  very  neere  conceios. 
him,  which  were  brethren,  and  by  their  surname  called 
Sotis.  The  Christians  lodged  in  one  of  the  townes,  which 
they  liked  best,  which  was  fensed  about,  and  distant  a  quar- 
ter of  a  league  from  the  great  river.  The  maiz  that  was  in 
the  other  towne  was  brought  thither,  and  in  all  it  was 
esteemed  to  bee  six  thousand  hanegs  or  bushels.  And  there 
was  the  best  timber  to  make  ships  that  they  had  scene  in  all 
the  land  of  Florida  ;  wherefore  all  of  them  gave  God  great 
thankes  for  so  singular  a  favour,  and  hoped  that  that  which 
they  desired  would  take  effect,  which  was,  that  they  might 
safely  bee  conducted  into  the  land  of  the  Christians. 


144  A  llELATIOX  OF 


CHAPTER   XXXVI. 

How  there  u^ere  seven  hrigandines  huilded^  and  how  they  departed  from 

Minoya. 

As  soone  as  they  came  to  Minoya,  the  Governor  com- 
manded them  to  gather  all  the  chaines  together,  which  everie 
one  had  to  lead  Indians  in ;  and  to  gather  al  the  yron  which 
they  had  for  their  provision,  and  al  the  rest  that  was  in  the 
camp,  and  to  set  up  a  forge  to  make  nailes,  and  commanded 
them  to  cut  downe  timber  for  the  hrigandines.  And  a 
Portugall  of  Ceuta,  who,  having  bin  a  prisoner  in  Fez,  had 
learned  to  saw  timber  with  a  long  saw,  which  for  such  pur- 
poses they  had  carried  with  them,  did  teach  others,  which 
hel23ed  him  to  saw  timber.  And  a  Genowis,  whom  it  pleased 
God  to  preserve  (for  without  liim  they  had  never  come  out 
of  the  countrie  :  for  there  w^as  never  another  that  could  make 
ships  but  hee),  with  foure  or  five  other  Biscaine  carjienters, 
which  hewed  his  plancks  and  other  timbers,  made  the  hrigan- 
dines. And  two  calkers,  the  one  of  Genua,  the  other  of 
Sardinia,  did  calke  them  with  the  tow  of  an  hearb  like  hempe, 
Eneqnen  is  whcrcof  bcforc  I  havc  made  mention,  which  there  is  named 

aiilifrbelike 

hempe.  encqucn.  And  because  there  was  not  enough  of  it,  they 
calked  them  with  the  flaxe  of  the  countrie,  and  with  the 
mantles,  which  they  ravelled  for  that  purpose.  A  cooper 
which  they  had  among  them  fell  sicke,  and  was  at  the  point 
of  death :  and  there  was  none  other  that  had  any  skill  in  that 
trade.  It  pleased  God  to  send  him  his  health ;  and  albeit 
he  was  verie  weake,  and  could  not  labour,  yet  fifteen  daies 
before  they  departed,  he  made  for  every  brigandine  two 
halfc  hogsheads,  which  the  mariners  call  quarterets,  because 
foure  of  them  hold  a  pipe  of  water.  The  Indians  which 
dwelt  two  daios  jouviiir  above  the  river,  in  a  province  called 


Flaxe  of  the 
coimlrie. 


DON  FERDTNANDO  DE  SOTO.  145 

Taguanate,  and  likewise  those  of  Nilco  and  Guacoya,  and  JvoTafes' 
others  their  neighbours,  seeing  the  brigandines  in  making,  EVo^Mi- 
thinking,  because  their  places  of  refuge  are  in  the  water,  that 
they  were  to  goe  to  seeke  them,  and  because  the  Governour 
demanded  mantles  of  them,  as  necessarie  for  sailes,  came 
many  times,  and  brought  many  mantles,  and  great  store  of 
fish.  And  for  certainc  it  seemed  that  God  was  willing  to 
favour  them  in  so  great  necessitie,  mooving  the  minds  of  the 
Indians  to  bring  them  :  for  to  goe  to  take  them  they  were 
never  able.  For  in  the  towne  where  they  were,  as  soone  as 
winter  came  in,  they  were  so  inclosed  and  compassed  with 
A^'ater,  that  they  could  go  no  farther  by  land  then  a  league 
and  a  league  and  an  half.  And  if  they  would  goe  farther, 
they  could  carrie  no  horses,  and  without  them  they  were  not  The  great 

J  ^  J  use  of 

able  to  fight  with  the  Indians,  because  they  were  many;  and  Worses. 
so  many  for  so  many  on  foote  they  had  the  advantage  of 
them  by  water  and  by  land,  because  they  were  more  apt  and 
lighter,  and  by  reason  of  the  disposition  of  the  countrie, 
which  was  according  to  their  desire  for  the  use  of  their  warre. 
They  brought  also  some  cords,  and  those  which  wanted  for 
cables  were  made  of  the  barkes  of  mulberrie  trees.     They  Muibeme 

•^    trees. 

made  stirrops  of  wood,  and  made  ankers  of  their  stirrops. 
In  the  moneth  of  March,  when  it  had  not  rained  a  moneth 
before,  the  river  grew  so  big,  that  it  came  to  Nilco,  which  The  mightie 
was  nnie  leao^ues  oft:  and  on  the  other  side  the  Indians  said,  of  the  river 

^  for  two 

that  it  reached  other  nine  leas^ues  into  the  land.     In  the  moneths 

o  space,   to 

towne  where  the  Christians  were,  which  was  somewhat  high  S^h  and 
ground,  where  they  could  best  goe,  the  water  reached  to  the  ^'" 
stirrops.  They  made  certaine  rafts  of  timber,  and  laid  manie 
boughes  upon  them,  whereon  they  set  their  horses,  and  in 
the  houses  they  did  the  like.  But  seeing  that  nothing  pre- 
vailed, they  went  up  to  the  lofts ;  and  if  they  went  out  of  the 
houses,  it  was  in  canoes,  or  on  horseback  in  those  places 
where  the  ground  was  hicst.     So  they  were  two  moneths, 

u 


146  A  RELATION  OF 

and  could  doe  nothing,  during  which  time  the  river  decreased 
not. 

The  Indians  ceased  not  to  come  unto  the  brigantines  as 
they  were  wont,  and  came  in  canoes.  At  that  time  the 
Governour  feared  they  woukl  set  upon  him.  Hee  com- 
manded his  men  to  take  an  Indian  secretly  of  those  that  came 
to  the  towne,  and  to  stay  him  till  the  rest  were  gone  :  and 
they  tooke  one.  The  Governour  commanded  him  to  bee  put 
to  torture,  to  make  hun  confesse  whether  the  Indians  did 
icInspSde  practise  any  treason  or  no.  Hee  confessed  that  the  caciques 
Indians       of  Nilco,  Guaclioya,  and  Taguanate,  and  others,  which  in  al 

against  the  .  .  , 

Christians,  were  about  twenty  caciques,  wath  a  great  number  of  people, 
determined  to  come  upon  him ;  and  that  three  dales  before, 
they  would  send  a  great  present  of  fish  to  colour  their  great 
treason  and  malice,  and  on  the  verie  day  they  would  send 

Note  well,  somc  ludlaus  before  with  another  j^resent.  And  these,  with 
those  which  were  our  slaves,  which  were  of  their  conspiracie 
also,  should  set  the  houses  on  fire,  and  first  of  all  possesse 
themselves  of  the  lances  which  stood  at  the  doores  of  the 
houses ;  and  the  caciques  with  all  their  men  should  bee  neere 
the  towne  in  ambush  in  the  wood,  and  when  they  saw  the 
fire  kindled,  should  come  and  make  an  end  of  the  conquest. 

dians'of  the  The  Govcmour  commanded  the  Indian  to  be  kept  in  a  chaine, 

Guachoya     and  the  selfe  same  day  that  he  spake  of,  there  came  thii'ty 

have  their 

right  hands  Indians  with  fish.     Hee  commanded  their  rio-ht  hands  to  be 

cut  off.  ^ 

cut  off",  and  sent  them  so  backe  to  the  cacique  of  Guaclioya, 
whose  men  they  were.  He  sent  hmi  word,  that  he  and  the 
rest  should  come  when  they  would,  for  he  desired  nothing 
more,  and  that  hee  should  know  that  they  thought  not  any 
thing  which  he  knew  not  before  they  thought  of  it.  Here- 
upon they  all  were  put  in  a  very  great  feare.  And  the 
caciques  of  Nilco  and  Taguanate  came  to  excuse  themselves  ; 
and  a  few  dales  after  came  he  of  Guachoya,  and  a  principal 
Indian  and  his  subject  said,  he  knew  by  certaine  informa- 
tion, that  the  caciques  of  Nilco  and  Taguanate  were  agreed 


DON  FERDINANDO  I)E  SOTO.  147 

to  come  and  make  warre  upon  the  Christians.  As  soone 
as  the  Indians  came  from  Nilco,  the  Governour  examined 
them,  and  they  confessed  it  was  true.  Hee  delivered  them 
presently  to  the  principall  man  of  Guachoya,  which  drew 
them  out  of  the  towne  and  killed  them.  Another  day 
came  some  from  Taguanate,  and  confessed  it  likewise.  The 
Governour   commanded  their  right  hands  and  noses  to  be  The  right 

hands  and 

cut  off,  and  sent  them  to   the  cacique,  wherewith  they  of  "o^^s  of 

^  X       ^  ./  traitours 

Guachoya  remained  very  well  contented  ;  and  they  came  ^^'  °**- 
oftentimes  with  presents  of  mantles,  and  fish,  and  hogs,  ^^^^^^  ^" 
which  bred  in  the  countrie  of  some  swine  that  were  lost  by 
the  way  the  last  yeere.  As  soone  as  the  waters  were  slaked, 
they  perswaded  the  Governour  to  send  men  to  Taguanate. 
They  came  and  brought  canoes,  wherein  the  footemen  were 
conveied  downe  the  river,  and  a  ca23taine  with  horsemen  went 
by  land ;  and  the  Indians  of  Guachoya,  which  guided  him 
till  they  came  to  Taaruanate,  assaulted  the  towne,  and  took  Taguanate 

J  ^  ^  ^  taken. 

many  men  and  women,  and  mantles,  which,  with  those  that 
they  had  alreadie,  were  sufficient  to  supplie  their  want. 

The  brigandines  being  finished  in  the  moneth  of  June,  the  June. 
Indians  having  told  us  that  the  river  increased  but  once  a  ^^^  river 

o  mcreaseth 

yeere,  when  the   snowes  did  melt,  in  the   time  wherein  I  yeere?  when 

,.-,,,  T-  11'  •  tl^6  snowes 

mentioned  it  had  alreadie  increased,  being  now  m  sommer,  doe  meit  in 

>-i      T      1  1        March  and 

and  havino-  not  rained  a  loiiff  time,  it  pleased  God  that  the  Apriii. 

'-'  o  ^  i  ^  miraeu- 

flood  came  u]3  to  the  towne  to  seeke  the  brigandines,  from  Jj^JJ^^^  ^°''^- 
whence  they  carried  them  by  water  to  the  river  ;  which,  if 
they  had  gone  by  land,  had  been  in  danger  of  breaking  and 
sj)litting  their  keeles,  and  to  bee  all  undone  ;  because  that 
for  want  of  iron  the  spikes  were  short,  and  the  planckes  and 
timber  were  very  weake.  The  Indians  of  Minoya,  during 
the  time  that  they  were  there,  came  to  serve  them  (being 
driven  thereunto  by  necessity),  that  of  the  maiz  which  they 
had  taken  from  them,  they  would  bestow  some  crummes 
upon  them.  And  because  the  countrie  was  fertill,  and  the 
people  used  to  feed  of  maiz,  and  the  Christians  had  gotten  all 


148  A  RELATION  OF 

from  them  that  they  had,  and  the  people  were  many,  they 
were  not  able  to  sustaine  themselves.  Those  which  came  to 
the  towne  were  so  weake  and  feeble,  that  they  had  no  flesh 
left  on  their  bones  ;  and  many  came  and  died  neere  the  towne 
for  pure  hunger  and  weakenesse.  The  Governour  commanded 
upon  grievous  punishments  to  give  them  no  maiz.  Yet, 
when  they  saw  that  the  hogges  wanted  it  not,  and  that  they 
had  yeelded  themselves  to  serve  them,  and  considering  their 
miserie  and  wretchednes,  having  pity  of  them,  they  gave 
them  part  of  the  maiz  which  they  had.  And  when  the  time 
of  theu*  embarkment  came,  there  was  not  sufficient  to  serve 
their  owne  turnes.  That  which  there  was,  they  put  into  the 
brigandines,  and  into  great  canoes  tied  two  and  two  together. 
They  shipped  twenty-two  of  the  best  horses  that  were  in  the 
camp,  the  rest  they  made  dried  flesh  of;  and  dressed  the 
hogges  which  they  had  in  like  manner.  They  departed  from 
Minoya  the  second  day  of  Julie,  1543. 


CHAPTER    XXXVII. 


An  the  Christians  we7it  downe  the  great  river  on  their  voyage,  the  Indians 
of  Quigalta  did  set  upon  them,  and  what  ivas  the  sicccesse  thereof. 

The  day  before  they  departed  from  Minoya,  they  deter- 
mined to  dismisse  al  the  men  and  women  of  the  countrie, 
which  they  had  detained  as  slaves  to  serve  them,  save  some 
hundred,  little  more  or  Icsse,  which  the  Governour  embarked, 
and  others  whom  it  pleased  him  to  permit.  And  because 
there  were  many  men  of  qualitie,  whom  he  could  not  deny 
that  which  he  granted  to  others,  he  used  a  policy,  saying, 
that  they  might  serve  them  as  long  as  they  were  in  the  river, 
but  when  thcv  came  to  the  sea,  ihcv  must  send  them  awav 


3:)0N  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  149 

for  want  of  water,  because  they  had  but  few  vessels.  He 
told  his  friends  in  secret,  that  they  should  carric  theirs  to 
Nueva  Espanna.  And  all  those  whom  hee  bare  no  good  will 
unto  (which  were  the  greater  number),  ignorant  of  that  which 
was  hidden  from  them,  w^hich  afterward  time  discovered, 
thinking  it  inhumanitie  for  so  little  time  of  service,  in  reward 
of  the  great  service  that  they  had  done  them,  to  carrie  them 
Avith  them,  to  leave  them  slaves  to  other  men  out  of  their 
owne  countries  ;  left  five  hundred  men  and  women  :  amonsr  ^w  slaves 
Avhom  were  many  boies  and  girls,  which  spake  and  under-  couutrie 
stood  the  Sj)anish  tongue.  The  most  of  them  did  nothing 
but  weepe,  which  mooved  great  compassion ;  seeing  that  all 
of  them  with  good  will  would  have  become  Christians,  and 
were  left  in  state  of  perdition.     There  went  from  Minoya  They  saiie 

dowiie  ivio 

three  hundred  and  twenty-two  Spaniards,  in  seven  brio-an-  Giaudefi-om 

^  i-  ^  o  Miuoya  17 

dines,  well  made,  save  that  the  plankes  were  thin,  because  the^came  to 
the  nailes  were  short,  and  were  not  pitched,  nor  had  any  thereof.'^  ^ 
decks  to  keep  the  water  from  comming  in.  In  stead  of  decks 
they  laid  planks,  whereon  the  mariners  might  runne  to  trim 
their  sailes,  and  the  people  might  refresh  themselves  above 
and  below.  The  Governour  made  his  captaines,  and  gave  to 
every  one  his  brigandine,  and  took  their  oth  and  their  word, 
that  they  would  obey  him,  untill  they  came  to  the  land  of 
the  Cliristians.  The  Governour  tooke  one  of  the  brigan dines 
for  himself,  which  he  best  liked.  The  same  day  that  they 
departed  from  Minoya,  they  passed  by  Guachoya,  where  the 
Indians  tarried  for  them  in  canoes  by  the  river.  And  on  the 
shore,  they  had  made  a  great  arbour  with  boughes  ;  they 
desired  him  to  come  on  shore,  but  he  excused  himselfe,  and 
so  went  along.  The  Indians  in  their  canoes  accompanied 
him ;  and  comming  where  an  arme  of  the  river  declined  on 
the  right  hand,  they  said,  that  the  province  of  Quigalta  was 
neere  unto  that  place,  and  importuned  the  Governour  to  set 
upon  him,  and  that  they  would  aide  him.  And  because  they 
had  said,  that  he  dwelt  three  dales  journic  downe  the  river. 


150  A  RELATION  OF 

the  Govcrnour  supposed  tliat  they  had  j^lotted  some  treason 
against  him,  and  there  left  them  ;  and  went  downe  with  the 
greatest  force  of  the  water.  The  current  was  very  strong, 
and  with  the  hclpe  of  ores,  they  went  very  swiftly.  The 
first  day  they  landed  in  a  wood  on  the  left  hand  of  the  river, 
and  at  night  they  withdrew  themselves  to  the  brigandines. 
div  '^^'"'^"'^  The  next  day  they  came  to  a  towne,  where  they  went  on 
shore,  and  the  people  that  was  in  it  durst  not  tarrie.  A 
woman  that  they  tooke  there  being  examined,  said,  that  that 
iiuaseue.  towiic  belonged  to  a  cacique  named  Huasene,  subject  to 
Quigalta,  and  that  Quigalta  tarried  for  them  below  in  the 
river  with  many  men.  Certaine  horsemen  went  thither,  and 
found  some  houses,  wherein  was  much  maiz.  Immediately 
Auotherday.  morc  of  them  wcut  tliitlier  and  tarried  there  one  day,  in  which 
they  did  beate  out,  and  tooke  as  much  maiz  as  they  needed. 
While  they  were  there,  many  Indians  came  from  the  nether 
part  of  the  river,  and  on  the  other  side  right  against  them, 
somewhat  carelessly  set  themselves  in  order  to  fight. 

The  Governour  sent  in  two  canoes  the  crossebowmen  that 

he  had,  and  as  many  more  as  could  goe  in  them.     They  ran 

away,  and  seeing  the  Spaniards  could  not  overtake  them, 

they   returned   backe,  and   tooke    courage ;    and    comming 

neerer,  making   an  outcrie,  they  tlireatened  them ;   and  as 

soone  as  they  departed  thence,  they  went  after  them,  some 

in  canoes,   and  some  by  land  along  the  river  ;  and  getting 

before,  comming  to  a  to^^^le  that  stood  by  the  rivers  side, 

they  joyned  altogether,  making  a  shew  that  they  would  tarrie 

there.     Everie  brigandine  towed  a  canoe  fastened  to  their 

sternes  for  theii'  particular  service.     Presently  there  entred 

men  into  everie  one  of  them,  which  made  the  Indians  to  flie, 

burueT       ^^^  burned  the  towne.     The  same  day  they  presently  landed 

The  third     ^^  ^  great  field,  where  the   Indians  durst  not  tarrie.     The 

V'^^   .     ..  next  dav  there  were  slathered  tosrether  an  hundi'ed  canoes, 

A  fleete  of  •  c>  o  ' 

illire^^ami''^  amoug  wliich  wcrc  some  that  carried  sixty  and  seventy  men  ; 
and  the  princi2:)all  mens  canoes  had  their  tilts,  and  plumes 


great   ca 
noes. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  151 

of  white  and  red  feathers  for  their  ensignes  ;  and  they  came 
within  two  crossebow  shot  of  the  brigandines,  and  sent  three 
Indians  in  a  small  canoe  with  a  fained  message,  to  view  the 
manner  of  the  brigandines,  and  what  weapons  they  had. 
And  comming  to  the  side  of  the  Governours  brigandine,  one 
of  the  Indians  entred,  and  said  : 

That  the  cacique  of  Quigalta,  his  lord,  sent  him  his  com- 
mend atio7is,  and  did  let  him  understand,  that  all  that  the 
Indians  of  Guachoya  had  told  him  concerning  hhnselfe  tvas 
false,  and  that  they  had  incensed  him,  because  they  ivere  his 
enemies  ;  that  he  tvas  his  sertant,  and  should  find  him  so. 

The  Governour  answered  him,  that  he  beleeved  all  that  he 
said  was  true,  and  willed  him  to  tell  him,  that  he  esteemed 
his  friendship  very  mnch.  With  this  answer  they  returned 
to  the  place  where  the  rest  in  their  canoes  were  waiting  for 
them ;  and  from  thence  all  of  them  fell  downe,  and  came 
neere  the  Spaniards,  shouting  aloud,  and  threatning  of  them. 
The  Governour  sent  John  de  Guzman,  which  had  been  a 
captaine  of  footemen  in  Florida,  with  fifteen  armed  men  in 
canoes,  to  make  them  give  way.  As  soone  as  the  Indians 
sawe  them  come  towards  them,  they  divided  themselves  into 
two  parts,  and  stood  still  till  the  Spaniards  came  nie  them ; 
and  when  they  were  come  neere  them,  they  joyned  together  on 
both  sides,  taking  John  de  Guzman  in  the  middest,  and  them 
that  came  first  with  him,  and  with  great  furie  horded  them: 
and  as  their  canoes  were  bigger,  and  many  of  them  leaped  into 
the  water  to  stay  them,  and  to  lay  hold  on  the  canoes  of  the 
Spaniards,  and  overwhelme  them  ;  so  presently  they  over- 
whelmed them.  The  Christians  fell  into  the  water,  and  with 
the  weight  of  their  armour  sunke  downe  to  the  bottome ;  and 
some  few,  that  by  swimming  or  holding  by  the  canoe  could  have 
saved  themselves,  with  oares,  and  staves,  which  they  had,  they 
strooke  them  on  the  head  and  made  them  sinke.  When  they  of 
the  brigandines  saw  the  overthrow,  though  they  went  about  to 
succour  them,  yet  through  the  current  of  the  river  they  could 


152  A  RELATION  OF 

not  goe  backe.     Foiirc  Spaniards  fled  to  the  brigandine  that 

was  neerest  to  the  canoes  ;  and  only  these  escaped  of  those 

nhmf"  ^^'^  ^^"^^  came  among  the  Indians.     They  were  eleven  that  died 

.iruwned.      ^\^(.yc  1  amonsT  whom  John  de  Guzman  was  one,  and  a  sonne 

Tlie  death  of  '  ^  ' 

.loiiii  .le  q£  Don  Carlos,  called  John  de  Vargas  :  the  rest  also  were 
persons  of  account,  and  men  of  great  courage.  Those  that 
escaped  by  swimming,  said,  that  they  saw  the  Indians  enter 
the  canoe  of  John  de  Guzman  at  the  sterne  of  one  of  their 
canoes,^  and  whether  they  carried  him  away  dead  or  alive, 
they  could  not  certainly  tell. 


CHAPTER    XXXVIII. 

Which  declareth  hovi  they  were  imrsued  hij  the  Indians. 

The   Indians,   seeing  that  they  had  gotten  the  victorie, 
tookc  such  courage,  that  they  assaulted  them  in  the  brigan- 
dine s,  which  they  durst  not  doe  before.     They  came  first  to 
that  brigandine  wherein  Calderon  went  for  captaine,  and 
w^as  in  the  rereward,  and  at  the  fii'st  volie  of  arrowes  they 
Twenty-five  wouudcd  twcntv-five  men.     There  were  onlv  foure  armed 
wouiided.     j^^^j^  '^^  l]^^g  "brigandine ;  these  did  stand  at  the  brigandines 
side  to  defend  it.     Those  that  were  unarmed,  seeing  how 
they  hurt  them,  left  their  oares  and  went  under  the  deck ; 
whereupon  the  brigandine  began  to  crosse,  and  to  goe  where 
the  current  of  the  streame  carried  it.    One  of  the  armed  men 
seeing  this,  without  the  commandement  of  the  captaine,  made 
a  footman  to  take  an  oare  and  stirre  the  brigandine,  hee 
Tiie  great    standing  before  him   and   defendinsj  him  with  his  target. 

use  of  lai-ge  c"  o  <_> 

targets.        ^\i;^  Indians  came  no  neerer  then  a  bowshot,  from  whence 
they  offended  and  were  not  offended,  receiving  no  hurt ;  for 

^  "  Os  que  naclanclo  escaparam  disseram  que  aos  Indies  vieram  etrar  co 
Joam  de  Guzniam  pella  popa  de  hua  almadia  sua,"  etc. 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  158 

in  every  brigandinc  was  but  one  crossebow,  and  those  which 
wee  had  were  very  much  out  of  order,  so  that  the  Chris- 
tians did  nothing  else  but  stand  for  a  butte  to  receive  their 
arrowes.  Having  left  this  brigandine  they  went  to  another, 
and  fought  with  it  halfe  an  houre ;  and  so  from  one  to  another 
they  fought  with  them  all.     The  Christians  had  mattes  to  strong  mats 

_  a  good  de- 

lay under  them,  which  were  double,  and  so  close  and  strono-,  ff"*;^ 

J  ^  '  O^  against 

that  no  arrow  went  thorow  them.  And  as  soone  as  the  ""■''^^®^- 
Indians  gave  them  leisure,  they  fensed  the  brigandines  with 
them.  And  the  Indians  seeing  that  they  could  not  shoote 
levell,  shot  their  arrowes  at  random  up  into  the  aire,  which 
fell  into  the  brigandines  and  hurt  some  of  the  men ;  and  not 
therewith  contented,  they  sought  to  get  to  them  which  were 
in  the  canoes  with  the  horses.  Those  of  the  brigandines 
environed  them  to  defend  them,  and  tooke  them  among  them. 
Thus  seeing  themselves  much  vexed  by  them,  and  so  wearied 
that  they  could  no  longer  endure  it,  they  determined  to 
travell  all  the  night  following,  thinking  to  get  beyond  the 
countrie  of  Quigalta,  and  that  they  would  leave  them ;  but 
when  they  thought  least  of  it,  supposing  they  had  now  left 
them,  they  heard  very  neere  them  so  great  outcries,  that 
they  made  them  deafe,  and  so  they  followed  us  all  that  night 
and  the  next  day  till  noone,  by  which  time  we  were  come 
into  the  countrie  of  others,  whom  they  desired  to  use  us  Another 

pro  vi  ace. 

after  the  same  manner :  and  so  they  did. 

The  men  of  Quigalta  returned  home ;  and  the  other  in 
fiftie  canoes  fought  with  us  a  whole  day  and  a  night ;  and 
they  entred  one  of  the  brigandines  that  came  in  the  rere- 
ward  by  the  canoe  which  she  had  at  her  sterne,  and  tooke 
away  a  woman  which  they  found  in  it,  and  afterward  hurt 
some  of  the  men  of  the  brigandines.  Those  which  came 
with  the  horses  in  the  canoes,  being  wearie  with  rowing 
night  and  day,  lingered  behind ;  and  presently  the  Indians 
came  upon  them,  and  they  of  the  brigandines  tarried  for 
them.     The  Governour  resolved  to  goe  on  shore  and  to  kill 

X 


154  A  RELATION  OF 

the  horses,  because  of  the  slow  way  which  they  made  because 

of  them.     As  soone  as  they  saw  a  place  convenient  for  it, 

Dried  horse-  thcv  wcut  thithcr  and  killed  the  horses,  and  brouarht  the 

flesh  for  -^  ^        ,  ^  o 

food.  flesh   of  them  to   drie  it   aboord.     Foure   or   five   of  them 

remained  on  shore  alive :  the  Indians  went  unto  them  after 
the  Spaniards  were  embarked.  The  horses  were  not  ac- 
quainted with  them,  and  began  to  neigh,  and  runne  up  and 
downe  in  such  sort,  that  the  Indians,  for  feare  of  them,  leaped 
into  the  water,  and  getting  into  their  canoes  went  after  the 
brigandines,  shooting  cruelly  at  them.  They  followed  us 
that  evening  and  the  night  following  till  the  next  day  at 
tenne  of  the  clocke,  and  then  returned  up  the  river.     Pre- 

A  sniai        sently,  from  a  small  towne  that  stood  upon  the  river,  came 

towne.  ,  , 

seven  canoes,  and  followed  us  a  little  way  do^vne  the  river, 

shooting  at  us ;  but  seeing  they  were  so  few  that  they  could 

doe  us  but  little  harme,  they  returned  to  their  towne.     From 

thence  forward,  untill  they  came  to  the  sea,  they  had  no 

They  sailed  cucoiuiter.     They  Sailed  downe  the  river  seventeene  dales, 

downe  the    which  may  be  two  hundred  and  fifty  leagues  journey,  little 

is  about  250  j^orc  or  Icssc  :  and  neere  unto  the  sea  the  river  is  divided 

leagues.  ' 

into  two  armes ;  each  of  them  is  a  league  and  an  halfe  broad. 


CHAPTER    XXXIX. 

How  they  came  unto  the  sea  :  and  vjhat  happened  mito  them  in  all 

their  voiage. 

Halfe  a  league  before  they  came  to  the  sea,  they  came  to 
anker  to  rest  themselves  there  about  a  day ;  for  they  were     I 
very  weary  with  rowing,  and  out  of  heart.     For  by  the  space 
of  many  dales  they  had  eaten  nothing  but  parched  and  sod- 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  155 

den  maiz ;  which  they  had  by  allowance  every  day,  an  head- 
peecc  ful  by  strike^  for  every  three  men.  While  they  rode 
there  at  anker,  seven  canoes  of  Indians  came  to  set  upon 
those  which  they  brought  with  them.  The  Governour  com- 
manded armed  men  to  go  aboord  them,  and  to  drive  them 
farther  off.  They  came  also  against  them  by  land  through  a 
thick  wood  and  a  moorish  ground,  and  had  staves  with  very 
sharp  forked  heads  made  of  the  bones  of  fishes,  and  fought 
very  valiantly  with  us,  which  went  out  to  encounter  them. 
And  the  other  that  came  in  canoes  with  their  arrowes  staled 
for  them  that  came  against  them,  and  at  their  comming,  both 
those  that  were  on  land  and  those  in  the  canoes  wounded 
some  of  us.  And  seeing  us  come  neere  them,  they  turned 
their  backs,  and  like  swift  horses  among  footemen  gat  away 
from  us,  making  some  returnes,  and  reuniting  themselves 
together,  going  not  past  a  bow  shot  off;  for  in  so  retiring  they 
shot,  without  receiving  any  hurt  of  the  Christians.  For  though 
they  had  some  bowes,  yet  they  could  not  use  them  ;  and  brake 
their  armes  with  rowing  to  overtake  them.  And  the  Indians 
easily  in  their  compasse  went  with  their  canoes,  staying  and 
wheeling  about  as  it  had  been  in  a  skirmish ;  perceiving  that 
those  that  came  against  them  could  not  offend  them.  And 
the  more  they  strove  to  come  neere  them,  the  more  hurt  they 
received.  As  soone  as  they  had  driven  them  farther  off, 
they  returned  to  the  brigan dines.  They  staled  two  dales 
there,  and  departed  from  thence  unto  the  place  where  the 
arme  of  the  river  entreth  into  the  sea.  They  sounded  in 
the  river  neere  unto  the  sea,  and  found  forty  fathoms  water. 
They  staled  there.  And  the  Governour  commanded  al  and 
singular  persons  to  speake  their  minds  touching  their  voiage, 
whether  it  were  best  to  crosse  over  to  Nueva  Esj^anna,  com- 
mitting themselves  to  the  hie  sea,  or  whether  they  should 

^  A  strike,  or  strickle,  is  an  instrument  used  for  scraping  off  the  surface 
of  a  measure  of  grain  to  a  level  with  the  top.  The  original  word  is 
arrasado,  i.  e.,  rased  or  smoothed. 


156  A  RELATION  OF 

keepe  along  the  coast.  There  were  sundry  opinions  touch- 
ing this  matter  ;  wherein  John  Danusco,  which  j^resumed 
much,  and  tooke  much  upon  him  in  the  knowledge  of  navi- 
gation and  matters  of  the  sea,  although  hee  had  but  little 
experience,  mooved  the  Governour  with  his  talke  ;  and  his 
opinion  was  seconded  by  some  others.  And  they  affirmed, 
that  it  was  much  better  to  passe  by  the  hie  sea,  and  crosse 
the  gulfe,  which  was  three  of  foure  -psLvts  the  lesser  travell ; 
because  in  going  along  the  coast,  they  went  a  great  way 
about,  by  reason  of  the  compasse  which  the  land  did  make. 
John  Danusco  said,  that  he  had  scene  the  sea  card,  and  that 
from  the  place  w^here  they  were,  the  coast  ran  east  and  west 
unto  Rio  de  las  Palmas  ;  and  from  E-io  de  las  Palmas  to  Nueva 
Espanna  from  north  to  south;  and  therefore  in  sailing  alwaies 
in  sight  of  land  would  bee  a  great  compassing  about  and  spend- 
ing of  much  time  ;  and  that  they  would  be  in  great  danger 
to  be  overtaken  with  winter  before  they  should  get  to  the 
land  of  the  Ckristians  ;  and  that  in  ten  or  twelve  daies  space, 
having  good  weather,  they  might  bee  there  in  crossing  over. 
The  most  part  were  against  this  opinion,  and  said,  that  it 
was  more  safe  to  go  along  the  coast,  though  they  staled  the 
longer,  because  their  ships  were  very  weake  and  without 
decks,  so  that  a  very  little  storme  was  enough  to  cast  them 
away ;  and  if  they  should  be  hindred  with  calmes,  or  con- 
trarie  weather,  through  the  small  store  of  vessels  which  they 
had  to  carrie  water  in,  they  should  likewise  fall  into  great 
danger ;  and  that  aUhough  the  ships  were  such  as  they  might 
ventiu'e  in  them,  yet  having  neither  pilot  nor  sea  card  to  guide 
themselves,  it  was  no  good  counsell  to  crosse  the  gulfe.  This 
o])inion  Avas  confirmed  by  the  greatest  part,  and  they  agreed 
to  go  along  the  coast.  At  the  time  wherein  they  sought  to 
depart  from  thence,  the  cable  of  the  anker  of  the  Governoui's 
brigandine  brake,  and  the  anker  remained  in  the  river.  And 
albeit  they  were  neere  the  shore,  yet  it  was  so  deepe  that  the 
divers  diving  many  times  coukl  never  find  it,  which  caused 


DON  FEKDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  157 

great  sadnes  in  the  Governour,  and  in  all  those  that  went 
with  him  in  his  brigandine.  But  with  a  grindstone  which 
they  had,  and  certaine  bridles  which  remained  to  some  of  the 
gentlemen  and  men  of  worship  which  had  horses,  they  made 
a  weight  which  served  instead  of  an  anker. 

The  18  of  July,  they  went  foorth  to  sea  with  faire  and  They  hmded 

•^  ''         ^  ^  the  30  of 

prosperous  weather  for  their  voiage.     And  seeing  that  they^  £/'~^'^' 
were  gone  two  or  three  leagues  from  the  shore,  the  captaines  fooJthTo^sea 
of  the   other  brigandines   overtooke  them,  and    asked   the  1543.    ' 
Governour  wherefore  he  did  put  off  from  the  shore?  and  that 
if  he  would  leave  the  coast,  he  should  say  so ;  and  he  should 
not  do  it  without  the  consent  of  all ;   and  that  if  hee  did 
otherwise,  they  would  not  follow  him,  but  that  every  one 
would  doe  what  seemed  best  unto  himselfe.     The  Govern- 
our  answered,  that  hee   would   doe  nothing  without  their 
counsell,  but  that  hee  did  beare  oif  from  the  land  to  saile  the 
better  and  safer  by  night ;  and  that  the  next  day  when  time 
served,  he  would  returne  to  the  sight  of  land  againe.     They 
sailed  with  a  reasonable  good  wind  that  day  and  the  night 
following,  and  the  next  day  till  evening  song,  alwaies  in  fresh  Fresh  water 

{UmobL  two 

water  ;    whereat  they  wondred  much,  for  they  were  verie  f^^^^^g^^"'^' 

farre  from  land.     But  the  force  of  the  current  of  the  river  is 

so  srreat,  and  the  coast  there  is  so  shallow  and  gentle,  that  The  coast 

^  ,  .  shallow. 

the  fresh  water  entreth  farre  into  the  sea.  That  evening  on 
their  right  hand  they  saw  certaine  creekes,  whither  they  went,  cerume 

creekes 

and  rested  there  that  niofht :  where  John  Danusco  with  his  ^^ere  they 

'-'  rested  a 

reasons  wonne  them  at  last,  that  all  consented  and  agreed  to  "'^^^• 
commit  themselves  to  the  maine  sea,  alleaging,  as  he  had 
done  before,  that  it  was  a  great  advantage,  and  that  their 
voyage  would  be  much  shorter.     They  sailed  two  dales,  and 

1  i.  e.,  the  Governour  and  John  Danusco.  The  passage  in  the  original 
stands  thus  :  "  llo  Gouernador  &  coelle  Joa  Danusco  co  sens  bragantins 
ao  mar  se  metera,  &  todos  os  seguira  ;  &  vedo  q'  de  trr'a  duas  ou  tres 
Icgoas  desuiados  estava,  os  capitaes  dos  outros  bragantins  os  alcagaram," 
etc. 


158  A  RELATION  OF 

when  they  would  have  come  to  sight  of  land,  they  could  not, 
for  the  winde  blew  from  the  shore.  On  the  fourth  dale,  see- 
ing their  fresh  water  began  to  faile,  fearing  necessitie  and 
danger,  they  all  complained  of  John  Danusco  and  of  the 
Governour  that  followed  liis  counsell :  and  every  one  of  the 
captaines  said,  that  they  would  no  more  goe  from  the  shore, 
though  the  Governour  went  wliither  he  would.  It  pleased 
God  that  the  winde  changed,  though  but  a  little,  and  at  the 
end  of  foure  dales  after  they  had  put  to  sea,  being  alreadie 
destitute  of  water,  by  force  of  rowing  they  got  within  sight 
of  land,  and  with  great  trouble  recovered  it,  in  an  open 
roade.  Tliat  evening  the  winde  came  to  the  south,  which 
on  that  coast  is  a  crosse  winde,  and  drave  the  brigandines 
against  the  shore,  because  it  blew  very  hard,  and  the  anchors 
were  so  weake  that  they  yeelded  and  began  to  bend.  The 
Governour  commanded  all  men  to  leaj^e  into  the  water,  and 
gomg  between  them  and  the  shore,  and  thrusting  the  brigan- 
dines into  the  sea  as  soone  as  the  wave  was  past,  they  saved 
them  till  the  T\T.nde  ceased. 


CHAPTER    XL. 


How  they  lost  one  another  hy  a  storme,  and  afterward  came  together 

in  a  creeke. 

In  the  bay  where  they  rode,  after  the  tempest  was  past, 

they  went  on  shore,  and  with  mattockes  wliich  they  had. 

Fresh  wnter  tliev  dii^gcd  certaiuc  pits,  which  grew  full  of  fresh  water, 

is  common-  .  <^  o  '"  ^^ 

lie  found  by  T^^rJiere  thcv  filled  all  the  cask  which  thcv  had.      I  he  next 

digging   in  •  • 

thrseatlS  <^^'^y  they  departed  thence,  and  sailed  two  dales,  and  entred 
into  a  creeke  like  unto  a  poole,  fenced  from  the  south  winde 
which  then  did  blow  and  Avas  against  them  ;  and  there  they 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  159 

staled  foure  daies^  not  being  able  to  get  out ;  and  when  the 
sea  was  cahne  they  rowed  out.  They  sailed  that  day,  and 
toward  evening  the  winde  grew  so  strong  that  it  drave  them 
on  the  shore,  and  they  were  sorie  that  they  had  put  foorth 
from  the  former  harbour ;  for  as  soone  as  night  approched,  a 
storme  began  to  rise  in  the  sea,  and  the  winde  still  waxed 
more  and  more  violent  with  a  tempest.  The  brigandines 
lost  one  another;  two  of  them,  which  bare  more  into  the  sea, 
entred  into  an  arme  of  the  sea,  which  pearced  into  the  land  An  arme  of 

the  sea. 

two  leagues  beyond  the  place  where  the  other  were  that  night. 
The  five  which  staled  behinde,  being  alwaies  a  league  and 
halfe  a  league  the  one  from  the  other,  met  together,  without 
any  knowledge    the   one  of  the    other,  in  a  wilde   roade,  a  wild 

.  roade. 

where  the  winde  and  the  waves  drove  them  on  shore ;  for 
their  anchors  did  streighten  and  came  home ;  and  they  could 
not  rule  their  oares,  putting  seven  or  eight  men  to  every  oare, 
which  rowed  to  seaward :  and  all  the  rest  leaped  into  the 
water,  and  when  the  wave  was  past  that  drave  the  brigandine 
on  shore,  they  thrust  it  againe  into  sea  with  all  the  dili- 
gence and  might  that  they  had.  Others,  while  another  wave 
was  in  comming,  with  bowles  laved  out  the  water  that  came 
in  overboord.  Wliile  they  were  in  this  tempest,  in  great 
feare  of  being  cast  away  in  that  place,  from  midnight  forAvard 
they  endured  an  intollerable  torment  of  an  infinite  swarme  ^ ?^arme  of 

•^  grievous 

of  moskitoes  which  fell  upon  them,  which,  as  soone  as  they  ^^^^i^*^^^- 
had  stung  the  flesh,  it  so  infected  it,  as  though  they  had  bin 
venomous.  In  the  morning  the  sea  was  asswaged  and  the 
wind  slaked,  but  not  the  muskitoes  ;  for  the  sailes  which 
were  white  seemed  blacke  with  them  in  the  morning.  Those 
which  rowed,  unlesse  others  kept  them  away,  were  not  able 
to  row.  Having  passed  the  feare  and  danger  of  the  storme, 
beholding  the  deformities  of  their  faces,  and  the  blowes  which 
they  gave  themselves  to  drive  them  away,  one  of  them  laughed 
at  another.  They  met  all  together  in  the  creek  where  the 
two  brigandines  were,  which  outwent  their  fellowes.     There 


IGO  A  RELATION  OF 

A  sknmmc  was  fouiid  a  skummc,  wliicli  tlicy  call  copce,  which  the  sea 

of  the  sea  .  ,       . 

like  pitcii,    casteth  up,  and  it  is  like  pitch,  wherewith  m  some  places 

railed  copee.  ^  ^  ^ 

where  pitch  is  Avanting  they  pitch  their  ships :   there  they 

pitched  their  brigandines.     They  rested  two  daies,  and  then 

eftsoones  proceeded  on  their  voyage.     They  sailed  two  daies 

Another      morc,  and  landed  in  a  bay  or  arme  of  the  sea,  where  they 

deep  bflv.  nil  n  i 

staied  two  daies.  The  same  day  that  they  went  Irom  thence, 
sixe  men  went  up  in  a  canoe  toward  the  head  of  it,  and  could 
not  see  the  end  of  it.  They  put  out  from  thence  with  a  south 
winde,  which  was  against  them ;  but  because  it  was  little,  and 
for  the  great  desire  they  had  to  shorten  their  voyage,  they 
put  out  to  sea  by  force  of  oares,  and  for  all  that  made  very 
little  way  with  great  labour  in  two  daies,  and  went  under  the 

A  smnii  lee  of  a  small  island  into  an  arme  of  the  sea,  which  compassed 
it  about.  'WTiile  they  were  there,  there  fell  out  such  weather, 
that  they  gave  God  many  thankcs,  that  they  had  found  out 

Great  store  such  au  harbour.  There  was  great  store  of  fish  in  that  place, 
which  they  tooke  with  nets  which  they  had,  and  hookes. 
Heere  a  man  cast  an  hooke  and  a  line  into  the  sea,  and  tied 
the  end  of  it  to  his  arme,  and  a  fish  caught  it,  and  drew  him 
into  the  water  unto  the  necke  ;  and  it  pleased  God  that  hee 
remembred  himselfe  of  a  knife  that  he  had,  and  cut  the  line 

Foiirteene    witli  it.     Thcrc  tlicy  abodc  fourteene  daies  ;  and  at  the  end 

daies  abode 

in  this  place,  of  them  it  plcascd  God  to  send  them  faire  weather,  for 
which  with  great  devotion  they  appointed  a  procession,  and 
went  in  procession  along  the  strand,  beseeching  God  to 
bring  them  to  a  land  where  they  might  serve  him  in  better 
sort. 


DOX  FERDINANDO  I)E  SOTO.  161 


CHAPTER    XLI. 

Hoio  they  came  to  the  river  of  Panuco  in  Niieva  Esimnna. 

In  all  the  coast  wheresoever  they  digged,  they  found  fresh 
water :  there  they  filled  their  vessels,  and  the  procession 
being  ended,  embarked  themselves,  and  going  alwaies  in 
sio^ht  of  the  shore,  they  sailed  sixe  dales.     John  Danusco  sixe  dales 

c  '  ^  sailing. 

said  that  it  would  doe  well  to  beare  out  to  seaward,  for  he 

had  seene  the  sea  card,   and  remembred  that  from  Rio  de 

las  Palmas  forward  the  coast  did  runne  from  north  to  south, 

and  thitherto  they  had  runne  from  east  to  west ;  and  in  his 

opinion,  by  his  reckoning,  Rio  de  las  Palmas  could  not  be 

farre  off  from  where  they  were.     That  same  night  they  put 

to  sea,  and  in  the  morning  they  saw  palme  leaves  floting,  pai°me^  ^'^ 

and  the  coast,  which  ranne  north  and  south :  from  midday 

forward  they  saw  great  mountaines,  which  untill  then  they  uines!^°"° 

had  not  seene ;  for  from  this   place   to   Puerto   de   Spiritu 

Santo,  where  they  first  landed  in  Florida,  was  a  very  plaine 

and  low  countrey ;  and  therfore  it  cannot  be  descried,  un-  ^iUe^o^^^J^e^^ 

lesse  a  man  come  very  neere  it.     By  that  which  they  saw,  Mexico^is 

YGl'lG    low 

they  thousrht  that  they  had  overshot   Rio  de  Palmas  that  land,  save  in 

....  .  .         this  one 

night,  which  is  sixty  leagues  from  the  river  of  Panuco,  which  place. 
is  in  Nueva  Espanna.  They  assembled  all  together,  and 
some  said  it  was  not  good  to  saile  by  night,  lest  they  should 
overshoot  the  river  of  Panuco ;  and  others  said,  it  was  not 
well  to  lose  time  while  it  was  favourable,  and  that  it  could 
not  be  so  neere  that  they  should  passe  it  that  night:  and 
they  agreed  to  take  away  halfe  the  sailes,  and  so  saile  all 
night.  Two  of  the  brigandines,  which  sailed  that  night 
with  all  their  sailes,  by  breake  of  day  had  overshot  the  river 
of  Panuco  without  seeing  it.  Of  the  five  that  came  behind, 
the  first  that  came  unto  it  was  that  wherein  Calderan  was 

Y 


162  A  RELATION  OF 

captaine.     A  quarter  of  a  league  before  tliey  came  at  it,  and 

before  they  did  see  it,  they  saw  the  water  muddie,  and  knew 

it  to  be  fresh  water ;  and  comniing  right  against  the  river, 

they  saw,  where  it  entred  into  the  sea,  that  the  water  brake 

upon  a  shokl.     And  because  there  was  no  man  there  that 

knew  it,  they  were  in  doubt  whether  they  should  goe  in,  or 

goe  along,  and  they  resolved  to  goe  in ;  and  before  they 

came  unto  the  current,  they  went  close  to  the  shore,  and 

entred  into  the  port ;  and  as  soone  as  they  were  come  in, 

they  saw  Indian  men  and  women  apparelled  like  Sjoaniards, 

whom  they  asked  in  what  countrey  they  were  ?     They  an- 

Pan/Jo^'the  swcrcd  in  Spanish,  that  it  was  the  river  of  Panuco,  and  that 

16^0  feagies  the  towuc  of  the  Chi'istians  was  fifteen  leagues  up  within  the 

mouth  of     land.     The  joy  that  all  of  them  received  upon  these  newes 

the  river.  i       n         • 

cannot  sufficiently  be  expressed,  for  it  seemed  unto  them 
that  at  that  instant  they  were  borne  again.  And  many  went 
on  shore  and  kissed  the  ground,  and  kneehng  on  their  knees, 
with  lifting  up  their  hands  and  eyes  to  heaven,  they  all  ceased 
not  to  give  God  thankes. 

Those  wliich  came  after,  as  soone  as  they  saw  Calderan 
come  to  an  anchor  with  his  brigandine  in  the  river,  presently 
■went  thither,  and  came  into  the  haven.  The  other  two 
brigandines  which  had  overshot  the  place,  put  to  sea  to 
returne  backe  to  seeke  the  rest,  and  could  not  doe  it,  because 
the  winde  was  contrarie  and  the  sea  growne  ;  they  were 
afraid  of  being  cast  away,  and  recovering  the  shore  they  cast 
anchor.  ^\Tiile  they  rode  there  a  storme  arose,  and  seeing 
that  they  could  not  abide  there,  much  lesse  endure  at  sea, 
they  resolved  to  runne  on  shore ;  and  as  the  brigandines 
were  but  small,  so  did  they  draw  but  little  water ;  and  where 
they  were  it  was  a  sandie  coast.  By  which  occasion  the  force 
of  their  sailes  drave  them  on  shore,  without  any  hurt  of 
them  that  were  in  them.  As  those  that  were  in  the  port  of 
Panuco  at  this  time  were  in  great  joy,  so  these  felt  a  double 
griefe  in  their  hearts,  for  they  knew  not  what  was  become 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  163 

of  their  fellowes,  nor  in  what  countrey  they  were,  and  feared 
it  was  a  countrey  of  Indian  enemies.  They  landed  two 
leagues  below  the  port ;  and  when  they  saw  themselves  out 
of  the  danger  of  the  sea,  every  one  tooke  of  that  which  he 
had  as  much  as  he  could  carrie  on  his  backe ;  and  they  tra- 
velled up  into  the  countrey,  and  found  Indians,  which  told 
them  where  their  fellowes  were,  and  gave  them  good  enter- 
tainement,  wherewith  their  sadnes  was  turned  into  joy,  and 
they  thanked  God  most  humbly  for  their  deliverance  out  of 
so  many  dangers. 


CHAPTER    XLIL 


How  they  came  to  Panuco,  and  liow  they  were  received  of  the 

inhabitants. 

From  the  time  that  they  put  out  of  Rio  Grande  to  the  sea, 
at  their  departure  from  Florida,  until  they  arrived  in  the  JjlJeJ  \l\\iQ 
river  of  Panuco,  were  fifty-two  dales.  They  came  into  the  nuco,  1543, 
river  of  Panuco  the  10  of  September  1543.  They  went  up 
the  river  with  their  brigandines.  They  travelled  foure  dales  ; 
and  because  the  wind  was  but  little,  and  many  times  it  served 
them  not,  because  of  the  many  turnings  which  the  river 
maketh,  and  the  great  current,  drawing  them  up  by  towing, 
and  that  in  many  places ;  for  this  cause  they  made  very  little 
way,  and  with  great  labour  ;  and  seeing  the  execution  of 
their  desire  to  be  deferred,  which  was  to  come  among  Chris- 
tians, and  to  see  the  celebration  of  divine  service,  which  so 
long  time  they  had  not  scene,  they  left  the  brigandines  with 
the  mariners,  and  went  by  land  to  Panuco.  All  of  them 
were  apparrelled  in  deeres  skins,  tanned  and  died  blacke, 
to  wit,  cotes,  hose,  and  shooes.    When  they  came  to  Panuco, 


164  A  RELATION  OF 

presently  they  went  to  the  church  to  pray  and  give  God 
thankes  that  so  miraculousely  had  saved  them. 

The  townesmen,  which  before  were  advertised  by  the 
Indians,  and  knew  of  their  arrival,  caried  some  of  them  to 
their  houses,  and  entertained  them  whom  they  knew  and  had 
acquaintance  of,  or  because  they  were  their  countrimen. 
The  Alcalde  mayor  tooke  the  Governour  home  to  his  house, 
and  commanded  al  the  rest,  as  soone  as  they  came,  to  be 
lodged  six  and  six,  and  ten  and  ten,  according  to  the  habi- 
litie  of  every  townesman.  And  all  of  them  were  provided 
for  by  their  hostes  of  many  hennes  and  bread  of  maiz,  and 
fruites  of  the  countrie,  which  are  such  as  be  in  the  isle  of 
Cuba,  whereof  before  I  have  spoken. 

^on'^T"^       The  towne  of  Panuco  may  containe  above  seventy  families  ; 

pauuco.  ^]^g  most  of  their  houses  are  of  lime  and  stone,  and  some 
made  of  timber,  and  all  of  them  are  thatched.  It  is  a  poore 
countrie,  and  there  is  neither  gold  nor  silver  in  it  ;  the 
inhabitants  live  there  in  great  abundance  of  victuals  and 
servants.  The  richest  have  not  above  five  hundred  crownes 
rent  a  yeere,  and  that  is  in  cotten  clothes,  hennes,  and  maiz, 
which  the  Indians,  their  servants,  doe  give  them  for  tribute. 

311  Chris-   There  arrived  there  of  those  that  came  out  of  Florida,  three 

turns  arrived  ^ 

at  Panuco.  Jiuiidrcd  and  eleven  Christians.  Presently,  the  Alcalde 
mayor  sent  one  of  the  townsmen  in  post  to  advertise  the 
viceroy,  Don  Antonio  de  Mendo9a,  which  was  resident  in 
Mexico,  that  of  the  people  that  went  with  Don  Ferdinando 
de  Soto  to  discover  and  conquer  Florida,  three  hundred  and 
eleven  men  were  arrived  there  :  that  seeing  they  were  im- 
ploied  in  his  majesties  service,  he  would  take  some  order  to 
provide  for  them ;  whereat  the  viceroy  and  all  the  inhabit- 
ants of  Mexico  wondred.  For  they  thought  they  were  mis- 
carried, because  they  had  travelled  so  farre  within  the  maine 
land  of  Florida,  and  had  no  newes  of  them  for  so  long  a 
time ;  and  it  seemed  a  wonderfull  thing  unto  them  how  they 
could  save  themselves  so  long  among  infidels,  without  any 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  165 

fort^  wherein  they  might  fortifie  themselves,  and  without  any- 
other  succour  at  all.  Presently  the  viceroy  sent  a  warrant, 
wherein  hee  commanded,  that  whithersoever  they  sent,  they 
should  give  them  victuals,  and  as  many  Indians  for  their 
cariages  as  they  needed ;  and  where  they  would  not  furnish 
them,  they  might  take  those  things  that  were  necessarie  per- 
force, without  incurring  any  danger  of  law.  This  warrant 
was  so  readilie  obeyed,  that  by  the  way,  before  they  came 
to  the  townes,  they  came  to  receive  them  with  hennes  and 
victuals. 


CHAPTER    XLIII. 


Of  the  favour  which  they  found  at  the  hands  of  the  Viceroy,  and  of 
the  inhabitants  of  the  citie  of  Mexico. 

From  Panuco  to  the  great  citie  Temistitan  Mexico,^  is 
sixty  leagues,  and  other  sixty  from  Panuco  to  the  Port  de 
Vera  Cruz,  where  they  take  shipping  for  Spaine,  and  those 
that  come  from  Spaine  do  land  to  go  for  Nueva  Espanna. 
These  three  townes  stand  in  a  triangle ;  to  wit.  Vera  Cruz 
to  the  south,  Panuco  to  the  north,  and  Mexico  to  the  west, 
sixty  leagues  asunder.  The  countrie  is  so  inhabited  with 
Indians,  that  from  towne  to  towne,  those  which  are  farthest, 
are  but  a  league  and  halfe  a  league  asunder.  Some  of  them 
that  came  from  Florida  staled  a  moneth  in  Panuco  to  rest 
themselves,  others  fifteene  dales,  and  ev^ery  one  as  long  as  he 
listed ;  for  there  was  none  that  shewed  a  soAver  countenance 

^  "  Gram  cidade  de  Mestitam  Mexico"  in  the  original.  The  ancient 
name  of  the  city  of  Mexico  was  properly  Tenochtitlan.  Cortes,  in  his 
third  Despatch  to  the  Emperor  Charles  the  Fifth,  calls  it  the  great  city 
of  Temixtitan — "  la  gran  ciudad  de  Temixtitan",  and  applies  the  name 
Mexico  to  the  province.  Bernal  Diaz,  in  his  Conquista  de  la  Nueva  Es- 
pana,  ch.  88,  speaks  of  it  as  "  the  great  city  of  Tenustitlan  Mexico". 


166  A  RELATION  OF 

to  his  guests,  but  rather  gave  them  any  thing  that  they  had, 
and  seemed  to  be  grieved  when  they  took  their  leave  ;  which 
was  to  be  beleeved.  For  the  victuals,  which  the  Indians 
doe  pay  them  for  tribute,  are  more  than  they  can  spend; 
and  in  that  to^vne  is  no  commerce ;  and  there  dwelt  but  few 
Spaniards  there,  and  they  were  glad  of  their  companie.  The 
Alcalde  mayor  divided  all  the  Emperours  clothes  which  he 
had  (which  there  they  pay  him  for  his  tribute)  among  those 
that  would  come  to  receive  them.  Those  which  had  shirts 
of  maile  left  were  glad  men,  for  they  had  a  horse  for  one 
shii't  of  maile.  Some  horsed  themselves  ;  and  such  as  could 
not  (which  were  the  greatest  part)  tooke  their  journie  on 
foote ;  in  which  they  were  well  received  of  the  Indians  that 
were  in  the  toAvnes,  and  better  served  then  they  could  have 
been  in  their  o'svne  houses,  though  they  had  been  well  to 
live.  For  if  they  asked  one  hen  of  an  Indian,  they  brought 
them  foure  ;  and  if  they  asked  any  of  the  countrie  fruit, 
though  it  were  a  league  off,  they  ran  presently  for  it.  And 
if  any  Christian  found  himself  evill  at  ease,  they  carried  him 
in  a  chaire  from  one  towne  to  another. 

In  whatsoever  towne  they  came,  the  cacique,  by  an  Indian 
which  carried  a  rod  of  justice  in  his  hand,  whom  they  call 
Tapile,  that  is  to  say,  a  sergeant,  commanded  them  to  pro- 
vide victuals  for  them,  and  Indians  to  beare  biu'dens  of  such 
things  as  they  had,  and  such  as  were  needfull  to  carrie  them 
that  were  sick.  The  viceroy  sent  a  Portugall  twenty  leagues 
from  Mexico,  Tvdth  great  store  of  sugar,  raisons  of  the  sunne, 
and  conserves,  and  other  things  fit  for  sicke  folkes,  for  such 
as  had  neede  of  them ;  and  had  given  order  to  cloth  them  all 
at  the  Emperours  charges.  And  their  approch  being  knowne 
by  the  citizens  of  Mexico,  they  went  out  of  the  to^^Tie  to 
receive  them ;  and  with  great  courtesie,  requesting  them  in 
favour  to  come  to  their  houses,  every  one  carried  such  as 
hee  met  home  with  him,  and  clothed  them  every  one  the 
best  they  could ;  so  that  he  which  had  the  meanest  apparrell 


DON  FERDINANDO  DE.SOTO.  167 

it  cost  above  thirty  ducats.  As  many  as  were  willing  to 
come  to  the  viceroyes  house  he  commanded  to  be  apparelled, 
and  such  as  were  persons  of  qualitie  sate  at  his  table ;  and 
there  was  a  table  in  his  house  for  as  many  of  the  meaner 
sort  as  would  come  to  it ;  and  he  was  presently  informed 
who  every  one  was,  to  shew  him  the  courtesie  that  he  de- 
served. Some  of  the  conquerors  did  set  both  gentlemen  and 
clownes  at  their  owne  table,  and  many  times  made  the  ser- 
vant sit  cheeke  by  cheeke  by  his  master  ;  and  chiefly  the 
ofiicers  and  men  of  base  condition  did  so,  for  those  which 
had  better  education  did  enquire  who  every  one  was,  and 
made  difference  of  persons  ;  but  all  did  what  they  could 
with  a  good  will,  and  every  one  told  them  whom  they  had 
in  their  houses,  that  they  should  not  trouble  themselves,  nor 
thinke  themselves  the  worse  to  take  that  which  they  gave 
them ;  for  they  had  bin  in  the  like  case,  and  had  bin  relieved 
of  others,  and  that  this  was  the  custome  of  that  countrey. 
God  reward  them  all,  and  God  grant  that  those  which  it 
pleased  Him  to  deliver  out  of  Florida  and  to  bring  againe 
into  Christendome,  may  serve  Him ;  and  unto  those  that 
died  in  that  countrey,  and  unto  all  that  beleeve  in  Him  and 
confesse  His  holy  faith,  God  for  His  mercie  sake  grant  the 
kingdome  of  heaven.     Amen. 


CHAPTER    XLIV. 


Which  declareth  some  diversities  mid  particularities  of  the  land  of 

Florida  ;  and  the  fruites,  and  beasts,  andfowles  that  are 

in  that  countrie. 

From  the  port  de  Spiritu  Santo,  where  they  landed  when  p^j.^  ^^  gp}. 
they  entred  into  Florida,  to  the  province  of  Ocute,  which  "/Vo^de^^ 
may  bee  four  hundred  leagues,  little  more  or  lesse,  is  a  verie  the  west 

°  ^  side   of 

plaine  countrie,  and  hath  many  lakes  and  thicke  woods,  and  Florida. 


168  ^  KELATION  OF 

in  some  places  they  are  of  wild  pine-trees  ;  and  is  a  weake 
soilc :  there  is  in  it  neither  mountaine  nor  hill.  The  countrie 
of  Ocute  is  more  fat  and  fruitfull ;  it  hath  thinner  woods, 

ociite.  cu-  a^^  very  goodly  meadows  upon  the  rivers.  From  Ocute  to 
Cutifachiqui  may  be  one  hundred  and  thirty  leagues  :  eighty 
leagues  thereof  are  desert,  and  have  many  groves  of  wild 
pine-trees.     Through  the  wildernesse  great  rivers  doe  passe. 

xuaift.  From  Cutifachiqui  to  Xuala,  may  be  two  hundred  and  fifty 
leagues  :  it  is  al  an  hilly  countrie.  Cutifachiqui  and  Xuala 
stand  both  in  plaine  ground,  hie,  and  have  goodly  medows 

chiaha,       qj^  ^]^g  rivcrs.     From  thence  forward  to  Chiaha,  Coca,  and 

Co(;a,  and  ' 

Taiise.        Talise,  is  plaine  ground,  dry,  and  fat,  and  very  plentifull  of 

Tascaiu^a.  maiz.  From  Xuala  to  Tascaluca  may  be  two  hundred  and 
fifty  leagues.  From  Tascalu9a  to  Rio  Grande,  or  the  great 
river,  may  be  three  hundi'ed  leagues  :  the  countrie  is  low, 

Kio  Grande,  and  fuU  of  lakcs.  Froui  Rio  Grande  forward,  the  countrie 
is  hier  and  more  champion,  and  best  peopled  of  all  the  land 

Aquixo.  of  Florida.  And  along  this  river  from  Aquixo  to  Pacaha, 
and  Coligoa,  are  one  hundred  and  fifty  leagues  :  the  countrie 
is  plaine,  and  the  woods  thinne,  and  in  some  places  cham- 

coiigoa.       pion,  very  fruitfull  and  pleasant.     From  Coligoa  to  Auti- 

Autiamque.  amquc  arc  two  hundi-ed  and  fifty  leagues  of  hillie  countrie. 

Aguacay.     J^roui  Autiamquc  to  Aguacay  may  be  two  hundi-ed  and  thu'ty 
leagues  of  plaine  ground.     From  Aguacay  to  the  river  of 
Daycao  one  hundi'ed  and  twenty  leagues,  all  hillie  country. 
From  the  port  de  Spiritu  Santo  unto  Apalache  they  tra- 

ragina  72.1  yg^j^g^j  from  east  to  west  and  northwest.  From  Cutifachiqui 
to  Xuala  from  south  to  north.  From  Xuala  to  Coca  from 
east  to  west.  From  Coca  to  Tascaluca,  and  to  Rio  Grande, 
as  far  as  the  provinces  of  Quizquiz  and  Aquixo  from  east  to 
west.  From  Aquixo  to  Pacaha  to  the  north.  From  Pacaha 
to  TuUa  fr'om  east  to  west :  and  from  TuUa  to  Autiamque 
from  north  to  south,  to  the  province  of  Guachoya  and 
Daycao. 

^  Page  74  of  the  present  edition. 


DON  FEKDINANDO  DE  SOTO.  169 

The  bread  which  they  eate  in  all  the  land  of  Florida  is  of 
maiz,  which  is  like  course  millet.     And  this  maiz  is  common  mmIz. 
in  all  the  islandes  and  West  Indies^from  the  Antiles  forward. 
There  are  also  in  Florida  ffreat  store  of  walnuts,  and  plummes,  wniuuts, 

*-'  •  ^  l)luiinnes, 

mulberries,  and  grapes.     They  sow  and  gather  their  maiz  ''|.!i\^g'g™®®' 
every  one  their  sever  all  crop.     The  fruites  are  common  to 
all :  for  they  grow  abroad  in  the  open  fields  in  great  abun- 
dance, without  any  neede  of  planting  or  dressing.     Where 
there  be  mountaines,  there  be  chestnuts  :  they  are  somewhat  chestuuts. 
smaller  then  the  chestnuts  of  S'^aine.     From  E-io   Grande 
westward,  the  walnuts  diifer  from  those  that  grow  more  east- 
ward :  for  they  are  softy  and  like  unto  acornes :  and  those  eastward"^^ 
which  grow  from  Rio  Grande  to  Puerto  del  Spiritu  Santo  Grande. 
for  the  most  part  are  hafd ;  and  the  trees  and  walnuts  in  luus  w^S- 
shcAV  like  tl^se  of  Spaine.     There  is  a  fruit  through  all  the  lUo  Grande. 
countrie  which  groweth  on  a  plant  like  ligoacan,^  which  the 
Indians  doe  plant.      The  fruit  is  like  unto  peares  riall  :^  it  ^Jl^^^ 
hath  a  verie   good  smell,  and   an   excellent  taste.       There 
groweth  another  plant  in  the  open  field,  which  beareth  a 
fruit  like  unto  strawberries,  close  to  the  aground,  which  hath  sti-wber- 
a  verie  good  taste.     The  plummes  are  of  two  kindes,  red  and  J^^w™*^^ 
gray,  of  the  making  and  bignesse  of  nuts,  and  have  three  or   ""^^' 
foure  stones  in  them.^    These  are  better  then  all  the  plummes 
of  Spaine,  and  they  make  farre  better  prunes  of  them.     In 
the  grapes  there  is  onlie  want  of  dressing  ;  for  though  they 
bee  big,  they  have  a  great  kirnell.     All  other  fruits  are  very 
perfect,  and  lesse  hurtfull  then  those  of  Spaine. 

There   are  in  Florida  many  beares,  and  lyons,''  wolves,  ceasts. 
deere,  dogges,  cattes,  martens,  and  conies. 

There  be  many  wild  hennes  as  big  as  turkies,  partridges  Fowies. 
smaU  like  those  of  Africa,  cranes,  duckes,  pigeons,  thrushes, 
and  sparrowes.    There  are  certaine  blacke  birds^  bigger  than 

^  Ligoacan  : — Lignum  Guaiacum  ?  "  Pears  royal. 

^  Prunus  chicasa  and  P.  hiemalis.  ^  See  note  at  p.  97. 

^  Perhaps  the  winter  cow-bird — Molothrus  pecoris . 


170      A  RELATION  OF  DON  FERDINANDO  DE  SOTO. 

sparrows,  and  lesser  then  stares.  There  are  gosse  hawkes, 
falcons,  ierfalcons,  and  all  fowles  of  prey  that  are  in  Spaine. 
The  Indians  are  well  proportioned.  Those  of  the  plaine 
countries  are  taller  of  bodie  and  better  shapen  then  those  of 
the  mountaines.  Those  of  the  inland  have  greater  store  of 
maiz,  and  commodities  of  the  countrie,  then  those  that  dwell 
upon  the  sea  coast.  The  countrie  along  the  sea  coast  is 
barren  and  poore,  and  the  people  more  warlike.  The  coast 
runneth  from  Puerto  del  Spiritu  Santo  to  Apalache,  east  and 
west :  and  from  Apalache  to  Eio  de  las  Palmas  from  east  to 
west:  from  Rio  de  las  Palmas  unto  Nueva  Espanna  from 
north  to  south.  It  is  a  gentle  coast,  but  it  hath  many 
sholdes,  and  great  shelves  of  sand. 

Deo  gratias. 


This  Relation  of  the  discoverie  of  Florida  was  printed  in 
the  house  of  Andrew  de  Burgos,  Printer  and  Gentleman 
of  the  house  of  my  Lord  Cardinall  the  Infante. 

It  was  finished  the  tenth  of  Februarie  in  the 

yeere  one  thousand,  five  hundred,  fiftie 

and  seven,  in  the  noble  and  most 

loyall  citic  of 

Evora. 


FINIS. 


APPENDIX. 


173 


APPENDIX. 


Honda. 


A  RELATION  OF  WHAT  TOOK  PLACE  DURING 

the  expedition  of  Captain  Soto ;  with  particulars 

concerning  the  nature  of  the  country  through 

which  he  passed. 

BY    LUIS    HERNANDEZ    DE    BIEDMA.^ 

Having  arrived  at  the  port  of  Baya-Honda/  we  landed  Baya 
six  hundred  and  twenty  men  and  two  hundred  and  twenty- 
three  horses.  This  operation  was  scarcely  effected,  when  we 
were  informed  by  one  of  the  Indians  who  had  been  captured, 
that  there  was  a  Christian  in  the  country  who  had  accom- 
panied the  expedition  of  Panfilo  de  Narvaez ;  messengers 
were  despatched  in  quest  of  this  person,  who  was  with  a 
cacique  living  eight  leagues  distant  from  the  harbour.  We 
fell  in  with  him  on  the  way,  for  he  was  already  coming  to 
meet  us.     As  soon  as  the  cacique  had  learnt  that  we  had 

^  This  Biedma  presented  the  above  Relation  to  the  King  (Charles  V)  in 
person,  in  his  council  of  the  Indies,  assembled  in  1544  ;  as  apj)ears  by  a 
decision,  wherein  it  is  stated  that  he  accompanied  Fernando  de  Soto  in 
quality  of  Factor  to  his  majesty.     {Note  hy  Munoz.) 

^  That  the  port  called  Baya-Honda  here  and  at  page  174,  is  Espiritu 
Santo  Bay,  is  evident  from  the  concurrent  testimony  of  the  Portuguese 
author,  and  of  Garcilaso  de  la  Vega.  The  latter,  indeed,  describes  the 
bay  of  Espiritu  Santo  in  so  many  words  as  "una  bahia  honda  y  buena", — 
a  deep  and  good  bay.  Hence  it  is  possible  that  this  name  also  was  given 
to  it  at  the  time  by  the  Spaniards,  and  if  so,  Biedma  is  the  only  nar- 
rator who  has  informed  us  of  the  fact.  In  the  absence  of  the  original 
Spanish,  we  are  unalile  to  detect  whether  any  error  has  crept  into  the 
translation. 


174  APPENDIX. 

landed,  he  enquired  of  this  Christian  whether  he  wished 
to  go  in  seareh  of  lis,  and  upon  his  replying  in  the 
affirmative,  he  was  sent  by  the  cacique  in  company  with 
nine  Indians.  He  was  naked  like  them  ;  in  his  hand  he 
carried  a  bow  and  arrows,  and  his  body  was  painted  like 
theirs.  ^Vlien  the  Christians  perceived  them,  they  supposed 
that  they  were  natives  who  had  come  for  the  purpose  of 
being  spies  on  our  troops,  and  accordingly  marched  to  attack 
them ;  but  the  Indians  fled  over  a  neighbouring  hill.  The 
horsemen  having  overtaken  them,  gave  an  Indian  a  thrust 
with  a  lance,  and  the  Christian  also  narrowly  escajDcd  with 
his  life,  for  he  spoke  our  language  very  imperfectly,  ha^dng 
almost  forgotten  it ;  but  it  occurred  to  him  to  call  upon  our 
Lady,  which  circumstance  assured  us  of  his  being  a  Chris- 
tian. We  conducted  him  to  the  Governor  with  great  delight ; 
he  had  been  twelve  years  among  these  Indians,  spoke  their 
language,  and  had  so  accustomed  himself  to  it,  that  he  passed 
upwards  of  four  days  with  us  without  being  able  to  speak 
two  words  consecutively  :  to  every  word  in  Sjoanish,  he 
added  four  or  five  in  the  language  of  the  Indians  :  this  con- 
tinued until  he  had  regained  the  use  of  our  language.  He  was 
so  ignorant  of  the  country,  that  he  knew  not  even  by  hearsay 
of  what  was  twenty  leagues  distant.  In  fact,  from  the  first 
moment,  he  told  us  that  there  was  no  gold  in  the  country. 

We  all  left  the  port  of  Baya-Honda  for  the  purpose  of 
penetrating  into  the  interior,  with  the  exception  of  twenty- 
six  horsemen  and  sixty  foot  soldiers,  who  remained  to  guard 
the  harbour  until  they  should  receive  the  Governor's  orders 
to  join  him.  We  marched  at  first  in  a  westerly  direction, 
and  then  north-east ;  we  had  notice  of  a  cacique,  who,  accord- 
ing to  the  report  of  the  Indians,  received  tribute  from  all 
iTnnipiirnvi  the  uativcs  I  hc  was  called  Hurripacuxi,  and  lived  about 
twenty  leagues  from  the  coast.  From  this  place  we  con- 
tinued our  march,  crossing  swamps  and  rivers,  for  the  dis- 
tance of  from  fifteen  to  twenty  leagues.     We  wished  to  repair 


biedma's  relation.  175 

to  a  town,  concerning  which  the  Indians  related  marvellous 
things  :  amongst  others,  they  pretended  that  when  the  inha- 
bitants shouted,  they  caused  the  birds  which  were  flying  in 
the  air  to  fall  down.  We  came  to  this  j)lace,  which  was 
called  Etocale,  and  was  but  a  small  village.  We  found  in  Etocaie. 
it  some  provisions ;  namely,  maize,  beans,  and  little  dogs, 
which  afibrded  no  small  relief  to  our  party,  who  were  famish- 
ing. We  stayed  here  seven  or  eight  days,  during  which 
several  excursions  were  made  in  order  to  capture  some 
Indians,  who  might  serve  us  as  guides  into  the  province  of 
Apalache,  concerning  which  place  there  was  much  talk  in 
the  country.  We  caught  three  or  four,  but  the  most  skilful 
of  them  only  knew  the  country  to  the  distance  of  two  leagues 
round  the  village.  We  departed,  taking  the  direction  towards 
New  Spain,  and  marching  ten  or  twelve  leagues  from  the 
coast.  In  the  course  of  five  or  six  days  we  passed  through 
some  hamlets,  and  then  entered  a  village  of  moderate  size, 
named  Asaiacalecuen  :   all  the  Indians  had  taken  refusfe  in  ^^g"acaie- 

o  ^  o  cuen. 

the  woods.  We  stayed  here  five  or  six  days  in  the  hope  of 
taking  some  Indians  to  serve  us  as  guides.  Ten  or  twelve 
women  were  ca]3tured,  one  of  whom  said  that  she  was  the 
daughter  of  the  cacique  :  this  induced  the  cacique  himself 
to  come  to  us  in  a  friendly  manner :  he  promised  to  give  us 
some  interpreters  and  guides,  so  that  we  might  continue  our 
march,  but  this  promise  he  did  not  keep.  We  were  obliged 
to  take  him  along  with  us.  After  marching  for  six  or  seven 
days,  we  fell  in  with  one  hundred  and  fifty  Indians,  armed 
with  bows  and  arrows,  who  came  out  against  us  with  the 
intention  of  carrying  off  the  cacique  ;  we  killed  some  of 
them,  and  took  the  others  prisoners.  Amongst  these  were 
some  natives  who  had  a  knowledge  of  the  interior ;  but  on 
this  subject  they  told  the  grossest  falsehoods.  We  crossed  a  a  river. 
river  which  ran  through  a  province  called  Veachile,  and  on  veachiic. 
the  opposite  shore  we  found  some  villages,  which,  although 
deserted,  contained  all  that  we  wanted,  namely,  provisions. 


176  APPENDIX. 

We  left  there  for  a  village  called  Aguile,  situated  on  the 
borders  of  the  province  of  Apalache,  which  is  separated 
from  the  first-named  place  by  a  river,  over  which  we  threw 
a  bridge,  formed  upon  a  great  number  of  boats  fastened  one 
to  another ;  we  crossed  the  river  with  considerable  difficulty, 
for  the  Indians  who  were  dra^^ai  up  on  the  shore  defended 
the  passage  :  as  soon,  however,  as  we  reached  the  opposite 
side,  they  withdrew  into  a  neighbouring  ^dllage  called  Ivita- 
chuco,  where  they  remained  until  we  came  in  sight  of  the 
place.  As  soon  as  they  saw  us  approach,  they  set  fii'e  to  the 
\illage  and  fled. 

The  province  of  Apalache  contains  a  great  number  of 
villages,  but  provisions  are  scarce.  The  province  to  which 
we  were  going  was  called  Yustaga.  We  arrived  at  a  village 
named  Iniahico.  On  reaching  this  place,  we  thought  that  it 
was  time  to  obtain  some  intelligence  of  those  who  had  remained 
at  the  harbour,  and  to  give  them  news  of  ourselves  ;  for  it  was 
our  intention  now  to  penetrate  so  far  into  the  interior,  that 
it  would  be  no  longer  possible  for  us  to  communicate  with 
them,  and  we  had  already  travelled  one  hundred  and  ten 
leagues  fi'om  the  spot  where  we  had  left  them.  The  Govcr- 
or  accordingly  sent  orders  for  them  to  join  us. 

Departing  hence,  we  went  in  search  of  the  sea,  which  was 
nine  leagues  distant  from  the  village  where  we  now  were. 
We  came  to  the  place  on  the  coast  where  Panfilo  de  JSTarvaez 
had  constructed  vessels ;  we  recognised  the  spot  where  the 
forge  had  been  set  up,  and  we  saw  a  great  number  of  bones  of 
horses.  The  Indians  told  us  that  other  Cliristians  had  built 
barques  at  this  j)lace.  Juan  de  Afiasco  made  several  marks 
of  recognition  upon  the  trees  along  the  sea  shore.  He  had 
received  the  Governor's  orders  to  proceed  in  search  of  the 
soldiers  who  had  remained  at  the  harbour,  and  to  make  them 
come  by  land  to  the  village  w^here  we  were,  whilst  they  (i.e., 
his  own  party)  were  to  return  by  sea  in  two  brigantines  and 
a  caravel,  which  they  were  to  bring  up  to  the  province  of 


BIEDMA  S  RELATION.  177 

Apalache.  In  the  mean  time  we  were  to  wait  at  the  pLice 
where  we  were  now  staying.  Juan  cle  Aiiasco  sent  the  party 
by  land,  and  he  himself  came  by  sea  as  the  Governor  had 
directed  him.  He  encountered  great  dangers,  for  he  observed 
that  this  coast  was  not  such  as  he  had  viewed  it  from  the 
land.  In  sailing,  he  did  not  recognize  the  spots  which  he 
had  passed,  for  the  shore  was  edged  with  small  shallow 
creeks,  where  the  water  rose  high  at  full  tide,  but  at  the  ebb 
it  remained  perfectly  dry.  We  built  a  pirogue,  which  put 
out  to  sea  two  leagues  every  day  in  order  to  watch  for  the 
arrival  of  the  brigantines,  and  point  out  to  them  the  spot 
where  they  ought  to  land.  God  granted  a  safe  arrival  to 
those  who  were  expected  both  by  sea  and  land. 

As  soon  as  the  brigantines  had  arrived,  the  Governor  gave 
orders  for  them  to  set  sail  again  and  search  out  a  near  har- 
bour on  the  east  side,  to  reconnoitre  the  coast  and  to  see  if 
the  land  came  to  a  termination.  The  cavalier  Francisco 
Maldonado,  of  Salamanca,  embarked  in  the  brigantines,  sailed 
along  the  coast,  put  into  all  the  bays  and  rivers  that  he  saw, 
until  he  reached  a  river,  the  entrance  into  ^^^hich  was  easy,  a  river. 
and  which  afforded  a  good  harbour.  There  was  an  Indian 
village  situate  on  the  sea  shore,  and  divers  of  the  inhabitants 
came  out  to  traffick  with  him ;  one  of  these  natives  he  took, 
and  then  returned  to  where  we  were  stationed,  after  having 
spent  two  months  in  this  expedition.  We  found  the  time  of 
our  sojourn  very  long,  owing  to  the  reports  that  we  had 
heard  respecting  the  interior.  When  Maldonado  arrived, 
the  Governor  told  him  that  we  were  going  in  quest  of  that 
country,  which,  according  to  the  Indians,  was  situate  upon 
another  sea :  he  ordered  Maldonado  to  proceed  to  Cuba  with 
the  brigantines,  on  board  of  which  was  the  Governor's  wife, 
Doiia  Isabella  de  Bobadilla,^  and  afterwards  to  bring  them 

1  In  the  absence  of  the  original  document,  we  can  scarcely  doubt  that 
there  is  some  mistake  here  either  in  the  Spanish  or  the  translation  ;  for 
both  the  Portuguese  author  {ante  pp.  24  and  111)  and  Garcilaso  de  la  Vega 

A  A 


178  APPENDIX. 

back  as  far  as  the  river  Saint  Esprit  (Espiritu  Santo),  whither 
we  shoukl  repair,  if  in  six  months'  time  he  heard  no  news  of 
us.  The  brigantines  sailed  for  Cuba,  and  we  resumed  oiu' 
march  towards  the  north,  in  order  to  verify  the  statements 
of  the  Indians.  We  travelled  during  five  days  in  the  midst 
A  broad  ftiid  of  a  dcsert,  and  at  length  came  upon  a  broad  and  very  rapid 

r;ipid  liver.        ^  .  . 

river,  over  which  we  could  not  construct  a  bridge  owing  to 
the  force  of  the  current :  we  made,  however,  a  canoe,  in 
which  we  crossed  to  the  other  side.     We  entered  a  province 

Acapachiqui  called  Acapachiqui,  where  there  was  plenty  of  provisions 
for  the  sustenance  of  the  Indians ;  we  perceived  some  vil- 
lages, but  as  the  country  was  covered  w^ith  extensive  marshes, 
we  could  not  reconnoitre  all  of  them  :  we  noticed  also  that  in 
this  country  the  houses  of  the  Indians  were  diiferently  con- 
structed from  those  we  had  hitherto  seen,  being  dug  out  of 
the  earth,  and  having  the  apj)earance  of  caves ;  whilst  all 
those  previously  observed  had  been  covered  with  palm 
branches  and  straw.     We  continued  our  march,  and  came  in 

Two  rivers,  sight  of  two  rivcrs,  ovcr  which  we  were  obliged  to  construct 
bridges  with  pine  trees  lashed  together,  as  we  were  wont  to 
do  on  these   occasions.     We  arrived  at  a  province  called 

otoa.  Otoa,  in  which  \^'e  found  a  very  large  village,   the   most 

ccnsiderable  that  we  had  yet  seen ;  from  thence  we  passed 
on  to  other  villages  of  the  same  province,  which  might  be 
distant  a  two  days'  march ;  we  captured  some  Indians,  who 
had  no  suspicion  of  us,  nor  had  they  been  apprised  of  our 
arrival ;  others  offered  to  come  into  our  service,  on  condition 
that  we  should  deliver  up  those  of  their  tribes  whom  we  had 
seized.  The  Governor  consented  to  this,  for  they  would  not 
have  been  made  prisoners  if  we  had  not  had  absolute  need  of 
guides  and  interpreters. 

agree  that  Dona  Isabel  de  Bobadilla  had  been  left  at  Cuba  ;  and  in  the  cor- 
responding passage  in  Garcilaso,  it  is  distinctly  stated  that  Maldonado  was 
sent  with  the  brigantines  to  visit  Dona  Isabel : — "  Pocos  dias  despues  de 
la  venida  de  Diego  Maldonado,  le  mando  el  Governador,  fuese  a  la 
Habana  con  los  dos  vergantines,  que  tenia  a  su  cargo,  y  visitase  a  Dona 
Isabel  de  Bobadilla,"  etc. — La  Florida  del  Inca,  p.  102  ;  edit.  1723. 


biedma's  relation.  179 

We  spent  five  or  six   days  in  passing  through  this  pro- 
vince,   which  is   called    Chisi.       These  Indians  treated  us  chisi. 
as  well  as  their  poverty   allowed  them ;    we  then  marched 
three  days  without  finding  a  habitation,  and  at  length  en- 
tered a  province  called  Altapaha.     We  discovered  there  a  Aitapaha. 

^  ^  A  nver. 

river,  which  did  not  flow  towards  the  south,  like  those  we  had 
already  passed ;  but  it  came  from  the  east,  and  fell  into  the 
sea  on  the  side  where  the  licentiate  Lucas  d'Aillon  had 
landed ;  this  circumstance  gave  us  more  confidence  in  what 
the  Indian  had  stated,  and  we  were  persuaded  that  all  the 
lies  which  they  had  told  us  were  truths.  This  province  was 
well  peopled,  and  all  the  inhabitants  came  to  offer  their  ser- 
vices. The  Governor  having  made  some  enquiries  of  them 
respecting  the  province  of  Cafitachyque,  whither  we  were 
going,  they  answered  that  it  was  impossible  for  us  to  reach  it, 
as  there  was  no  road  leading  to  it,  neither  were  there  any 
provisions  to  be  procured  on  the  way ;  and  that  we  should  all 
perish  from  hunger.  We  set  forward  nevertheless,  and  came 
into  the  territories  of  the  caciques  named  Ocute  and  Cofoqui  ;  ^cute. 

^  U        ^  Cofoqui. 

they  supplied  us  with  provisions,  and  told  us  that  if  we 
wished  to  make  war  upon  the  Queen  of  Cafitachyque,  they 
would  furnish  us  ^vith  everything  necessary  for  the  journey, 
but  they  gave  us  to  understand  that  there  was  no  road 
thither ;  that  they  held  no  communication  with  each  other, 
because  hostilities  were  going  on ;  that  they  only  saw  each 
other  when  they  were  engaged  in  fighting  from  time  to  time, 
which  they  did  always  secretly  and  in  ambush  ;  and  that  it  took 
from  twenty  to  twenty-two  days  to  reach  there,  during  which 
they  subsisted  altogether  on  herbs  and  parched  maize  which 
they  carried  with  them.  Seeing,  however,  that  we  were 
determined  upon  going,  they  gave  us  eight  hundred  Indians 
to  carry  our  provisions  and  baggage,  as  well  as  guides, 
who  immediately  took  an  easterly  direction,  and  in  this 
way  we  marched  for  three  days.  The  Indian  who  deceived 
us   said  that  in  three   days  he  would  conduct  us  thither ; 


180  APPENDIX. 

at  the  expiration  of  which,  we  began  to  perceive  the  falsity 
of  this  man  ;  nevertheless  the  Governor  continued  to 
follow  the  route  taken,  because  he  had  a  foreboding  (which 
indeed  eventually  came  to  pass)  of  the  great  want  that  we 
should  have  to  endure.  After  tkree  days  we  reached  some 
huts ;  the  Indians  were  already  bewildered,  and  knew  no 
longer  what  road  to  take ;  the  Governor  went  in  advance  in 
order  to  search  for  one,  but  returned  in  despair  at  his  ill 
success.     We  then  proceeded  half  a  league,  until  we  came  to 

A  large  a  large  river,  when  we  were  necessitated  for  the  first  time  to 
eat  the  swine  that  we  brought  along  with  us ;  each  man  re- 
ceived for  his  allowance  a  pound  of  flesh,  which  was  boiled 
in  water  without  salt  or  anything  to  season  it.  The  Governor 
sent  a  party  to  seek  out  a  road  in  two  opposite  directions. 
One  person  proceeded  up  the  river  at  the  north-north-east 
side,  and  another  descended  it  in  the  direction  of  south- 
south-east.  He  allowed  ten  days  to  each  in  going  and 
returning,  and  directed  them  to  give  notice  if  they  should 
discover  any  villages  or  a  road.  The  explorer,  who  went 
towards  the  south-south-east,  returned  in  four  days  with  the 
news  that  he  had  found  a  small  hamlet  and  some  provisions  ; 
he  brought  three  or  four  Indians,  who  spoke  with  the  man 
who  had  deceived  us  ;  they  understood  each  other,  which  was 
no  small  satisfaction  to  us,  considering  the  extreme  scarcity 
of  interpreters  in  this  country.  They  confirmed  the  lies 
which  that  Indian  had  told  us,  and  we  believed  them  because 
he  made  himself  very  easily  understood  by  these  Indians. 
We  all  set  out  in  company  immediately,  to  go  and  await  the 
arrival  in  that  small  village  of  the  messenger  who  had  been 
on  the  other  side ;  we  remained  there  four  or  five  days  until 
we  were  all  once  more  assembled ;  we  found  about  fifty 
fanegas  (bushels)  of  maize,  a  small  quantity  of  meal  of  roasted 
maize,  numerous  mulberry  trees  loaded  with  mulberries,  and 
some  wild  fruits. 

fur'"''''"^  We    departed    for    the    village    of    Cofitachyque,    which 


biedma's  relation.  181 

was  two  days'  march  from  this  hamlet,  and  situated  on 
the  banks  of  a  river  which  we  supposed  to  be  that  of  Saint 
Helena,  whither  the  licentiate  Ayllon  had  gone.  When 
we  arrived  there,  the  Queen  sent  to  us  one  of  her  nieces, 
who  was  carried  in  a  litter  by  Indians,  and  appeared  to 
possess  considerable  authority ;  she  gave  us  to  understand 
that  she  Avas  well  pleased  at  our  arrival,  and  that  she  would 
give  us  all  that  was  in  her  power.  She  presented  the  Go- 
vernor with  a  necklace  of  pearls  of  five  or  six  rows,  procured 
for  us  canoes  to  pass  the  river,  and  assigned  the  half  of  the 
village  for  our  quarters.  After  having  been  in  our  company 
three  or  four  days,  she  escaped  into  the  forest ;  the  Governor 
caused  search  to  be  made  after  her,  but  without  success ;  he 
then  gave  orders  to  break  open  a  temple  erected  in  this  vil- 
lage, wherein  the  chiefs  of  the  country  were  interred.  We 
took  out  of  it  a  vast  quantity  of  pearls,  which  might  amount 
to  six  or  seven  arrobas,^  but  they  were  spoiled  by  having 
been  underground.  We  found  also  buried  there  a  couple  of 
hatchets  for  felling  wood,  of  Spanish  manufacture,  a  chaplet 
made  of  the  seeds  of  the  wild  olive,  and  several  small  pearls 
similar  to  those  which  are  brought  from  Spain  to  barter  with 
the  Indians.  We  supposed  that  they  had  procured  all  these 
articles  in  trafficking  with  the  party  which  had  accompanied 
the  licentiate  Ayllon.  According  to  the  report  of  these 
Indians,  the  sea  was  distant  thirty  leao^ues  ;  we  likewise  learnt  Tiie  sea  dis- 

•^  "^  taut  thirty 

from  them  that  Ayllon's  company  had  penetrated  only  a  leagues. 
short  distance  into  the  interior,  that  they  had  nearly  always 
followed  the  sea-coast,  until  the  death  of  Ayllon,  and  that  his 
companions  had  destroyed  each  other,  not  being  able  to  agree 
in  the  choice  of  a  leader,  A  great  number  died  of  starvation, 
as  we  were  informed  by  one  of  the  soldiers  who  had  remained 
in  the  country.  Out  of  six  hundred  men  who  had  landed 
with  Ayllon,  only  fifty-seven  escaped :   tliis  great  loss  was 

^  An  arroha  is  a  Spanish  weight  of  twenty-five  pounds. 


182  APPENDIX. 

mainly  attributable  to  the  shipwreck  of  a  large  vessel  laden 
with  provisions. 

We  remained  in  the  village  of  this  queen  ten  or  eleven 
days,  after  which  we  agreed  to  go  and  explore  the  country 
and  search  for  provisions,  of  which  we  had  but  very  little  left : 
we  had  to  find  subsistence  for  the  Indians,  the  Christians, 
and  the  horses.  We  set  forward  with  all  expedition,  taking 
the  direction  of  the  north.  We  marched  during  eight  days 
through  a  poor  country,  in  which  few  provisions  were  found, 

xnnifi.  and  came  to  a  province  called  Xuala,  which  was  thinly  in- 
habited, because  the  soil  is  very  barren  ;  we  found  however 
some  huts  of  Indians  in  the  mountains.     We  ascended  to 

The  great    the  sourcc  of  the  great  river  whose  course  we  had  followed, 

river,  sup-  n   r     •  -n  •      /-r\        •    • 

posed  to  be   and  which  we  believed  to  be  that  of  Saint  Esprit  (Espiritu 

thfit  of  Kspi-  JT  V         X 

Guasii'ih^'  Santo)  ;  we  entered  a  village  called  Guasuli,  where  we  were 
presented  mth  several  dogs  and  a  little  maize,  for  there  was 
only  a  small  quantity  in  the  place.  We  continued  our  march 
during  four   days,   and  at  length  reached   a  village  called 

ciiiiia.  China,  where  there  was  plenty  of  provisions  ;  it  is  built  on 
one  of  the  islands  of  the  river  of  Saint-Esprit,  which  are 
numerous  and  considerable  close  to  its  source.  We  found  for 
the  first  time  in  this  province  fortified  \411ages ;  the  Indians 
make  here  a  great  quantity  of  nut  oil ;  we  remained  twenty- 
six  or  twenty-seven  days  in  order  to  rest  the  horses,  which 
from  want  of  food  had  become  excessively  wearied.  We 
pursued  our  course  along  the  banks  of  the  river,  and  reached 

costehe.  auotlicr  proviucc  called  Costehe,  the  villages  of  which  are 
also    built   upon   the    islands   of  the  river ;   we   afterwards 

Cora.  entered   the  province   of  Coca,  which  is   one   of  the  best 

we  have  met  with  in  Florida.  The  cacique  came  out  to 
meet  us  ;  he  was  carried  in  a  litter,  and  attended  by  a  numer- 
ous suite,  the  procession  presenting  the  appearance  of  a  fete. 
A  great  number  of  villages  are  subject  to  this  cacique.  The 
next  morning  all  the  Indians  escaped ;  we  took  the  cacique, 
that  we  might  compel  him  to  give  us  Indians  to  carry  our 


biedma's  relation.  183 

baggage,  and  we  remained  several   days   until  lie  had  fur- 
nished them.      In  this  province  we  found  plums  similar  to  piums  aiui 

viues. 

those  of  Spain,  and  a  considerable  number  of  wild  vines, 
which  produced  excellent  grapes  in  abundance. 

Leaving  the  village,  we  shaped  our  course  west  and  south- 
west. During  five  or  six  days  we  met  with  villages  belong- 
ing to  this  cacique,  at  length  we  reached  another  province 
called  Italisi.  The  inhabitants  having  fled,  we  proceeded  to  luiisi. 
seek  for  them.  Some  Indians  came  to  us  ;  the  Governor 
told  them  to  summon  the  cacique,  who  came  and  presented  us 
with  twenty-six  or  twenty-seven  women,  some  deer-skins, 
and  other  things.  Quitting  this  village,  we  proceeded  to- 
wards the  south  in  the  direction  of  New  Spain.  We  passed 
through  several  villages,  and  arrived  at  another  province 
called  Faszaluza,  the  cacique  of  which  was  an  Indian  of  a  sta-  laszaiuza. 
ture  so  immense  that  he  was  universally  believed  to  be  a  giant ; 
he  quietly  awaited  us  in  his  village.  On  our  arrival,  we  showed 
him  all  sorts  of  courteous  attentions,  and  got  up  a  tournament 
and  horse -racing  for  his  diversion,  but  he  appeared  to 
take  very  little  interest  in  them.  We  at  length  asked  him  to 
procure  for  us  some  Indians  to  carry  our  baggage,  to  which 
he  replied  that  he  was  not  accustomed  to  serve  anybody,  but 
on  the  contrary  he  made  every  one  serve  him.  The  Governor 
gave  orders  to  prevent  his  returning  home,  and  to  keep 
him  prisoner.  This  Indian  was  greatly  exasperated  at  thus 
seeing  himself  detained  in  our  power;  and  this  was  the  cause 
of  the  treachery  which  he  committed  in  the  sequel.  He  told 
us  that  he  could  give  us  nothing  in  this  place,  but  that  if  we 
repaired  to  another  village  called  Mavila,  which  belonged  to 
him,  he  would  there  supply  us  with  what  we  had  asked  of 
him.  Having  set  out  for  this  village,  we  found  a  large  river  a  large 
which  we  supposed  to  be  that  which  falls  into  the  bay  of 
Chuse ;  we  learnt  that  the  vessels  of  Narvaez  had  arrived 
there  in  want  of  water,  and  that  a  Christian  named  Teodoro 
and  an  Indian  had  remained  among  these  Indians :  at  the 


184  APPENDIX. 

same  time  they  showed  us  a  dagger  which  had  belonged  to 
the  Christian.  We  employed  two  days  in  constructing  rafts 
for  the  passage  of  the  river,  during  which  the  Indians  killed 
a  Christian,  who  was  one  of  the  Governor's  own  guard.  The 
Governor  being  greatly  displeased,  treated  the  cacique  very 
rouglily,  and  told  him  that  he  would  have  him  burnt  alive  if 
he  did  not  deliver  up  the  murderers  ;  the  cacique  replied 
that  he  would  give  them  up  to  us  at  Mavila,  This  Indian 
cacique  had  a  great  number  of  natives  under  his  orders  ;  he 
had  always  near  his  person  a  man  whose  duty  it  was  to  keep 
oif  the  flies ;  another  behind  him  carried  a  large  umbrella 
made  of  feathers  to  protect  him  from  the  rays  of  the  sun. 
Mavila.  We  arrived  at  Mavila  at  nine  o'clock  in  the  morning;  it  was 

a  small  village  built  on  a  plain,  surrounded  by  walls  and  very 
strong.  There  had  been  some  cabins  outside  the  enclosure, 
but  all  of  these  the  Indians  had  demolished  in  order  that  the 
ground  might  be  perfectly  clear.  Some  of  the  cliiefs  came  to 
meet  us,  and  told  the  Governor  through  the  interpreter,  that 
he  might  take  up  his  quarters  either  on  the  plain  or  in  the 
village,  whichever  he  preferred,  and  that  in  the  evening  we 
should  receive  some  carriers.  The  Governor,  thinking  it 
best  to  enter  the  village  in  their  company,  gave  orders 
accordingly,  and  we  followed  the  Indians.  We  conversed 
with  them  amicably,  for  we  saw  only  thi-ee  or  four  hundred ; 
but  there  were  at  least  five  thousand  concealed  in  the  houses 
of  the  village.  They  gave  us  a  cordial  welcome,  commenced 
their  dances  and  their  exercises,  and  in  order  the  more  com- 
pletely to  deceive  us,  they  introduced  fifteen  or  twenty 
women,  who  capered  before  us.  After  they  had  danced  for 
some  time,  the  cacique  arose  and  entered  one  of  the  houses. 
The  Governor  sent  to  order  him  to  come  out;  he  replied  that 
he  would  not.  The  captain  of  the  guard  to  the  Governor  en- 
tered to  compel  obedience,  but  perceiving  in  the  interior  of 
the  house  a  vast  number  of  Avarriors,  all  on  their  guard,  he 
judged  it  more  prudent  to  withdraw  and  to  leave  the  cacique 


biedma's  relation.  185 

there ;  he  then  reported  to  the  Governor  how  he  had  seen 
those  houses  full  of  Indians  armed  with  boAVs  and  arrows, 
and  ready  to  commit  some  treachery.  The  Governor  called 
to  another  cacique  who  was  passing  by,  but  this  man  like- 
wise refused  to  come.  One  of  the  gentlemen  who  was  stand- 
ing near,  caught  him  by  the  arm  to  lead  him,  but  the  man 
made  a  movement,  and  disengaged  himself  from  his  hold, 
whereupon  the  gentleman  drew  his  sword,  and  struck  at  him 
a  blow  Avhich  cut  off  his  arm.  The  Indian  had  no  sooner 
received  this  wound,  than  all  the  rest  began  to  discharge 
their  arrows  at  us  from  the  interior  of  the  houses,  through 
the  numerous  loopholes  which  they  had  made,  whilst  others 
attacked  us  from  the  outside.  As  we  were  completely  thrown 
off  our  guard,  having  considered  them  as  friends,  ^e  sus- 
tained such  considerable  loss  that  we  were  oblio-ed  to 
retreat  out  of  the  village,  leaving  behind  all  the  baggage 
which  the  Indians  had  carried,  in  the  place  where  they  had 
unloaded  it.  Directly  they  perceived  us  on  the  outside, 
they  closed  the  gates  of  the  village,  and  began  to  beat  their 
drums,  display  their  flags,  and  set  up  a  great  shouting ; 
they  then  opened  our  trunks  and  packages,  and  from  the  top 
of  the  walls  exhibited  to  our  view  the  property  which  they 
had  made  themselves  masters  of.  As  soon  as  we  had  left  the 
village,  we  mounted  our  horses,  and  surrounded  the  walls, 
in  order  to  prevent  the  Indians  from  coming  out.  The 
Governor  made  sixty  or  eighty  of  our  men,  all  well  armed, 
dismount,  and  ordered  us  to  divide  into  four  squadrons,  and 
to  go  and  attack  the  village  in  as  many  different  places. 
The  first  who  should  enter,  had  orders  to  set  fire  to  the 
houses,  so  as  to  prevent  the  besieged  from  doing  us  any 
injury.  The  horsemen,  and  the  other  soldiers  who  were  not 
armed,  were  directed  to  guard  the  exterior  of  the  village,  and 
to  take  care  that  no  Indian  escaped.  We  put  our  plan  into 
execution,  entered  the  place,  and  set  fire  to  the  houses.  A 
great  number  of  Indians  were  burnt,  but  all  our  baggage 

B   B 


186  APPENDIX. 

became  a  prey  to  the  flames.  Not  a  thing  belonging  to  us 
remained.  We  fought  the  whole  day  till  the  evening  without 
a  single  Indian  asking  for  quarter  ;  they  defended  themselves 
like  furious  lions ;  all  of  them  perished,  some  by  the  sword, 
others  by  the  fire ;  whilst  those  who  endeavoured  to  escape 
were  killed  by  thrusts  from  tlic  lance.  When  night  came, 
there  remained  no  more  than  three  Indians,  who  were  guard- 
ing the  twenty  women  they  had  brought  out  to  dance  ;  they 
placed  these  women  in  front  of  them,  who  crossed  their  hands, 
and  made  signs  to  the  Christians  as  though  asking  to  be  taken ; 
they  then  withdrew,  and  the  three  Indians  discharged  their 
arrows  at  us  ;  we  killed  two  of  them,  and  the  one  now  left, 
not  willing  to  yield,  climbed  a  tree  which  was  upon  the  wall, 
unstrung  his  bow,  fastened  the  cord  round  his  neck  and 
hanged  himself. 

On  that  day  the  Indians  killed  more  than  twenty  of 
our  men,  and  ujjwards  of  two  hundred  and  fifty  were 
wounded  ;  we  received  more  than  six  hundi*ed  and  sixty 
arrowshots.  During  the  night  we  dressed  the  wounds  of 
our  men  with  the  fat  of  the  dead  Indians.  No  other  medi- 
cine remained  for  our  use,  all  that  we  possessed  having  been 
burnt  in  the  affray.  We  stayed  here  twenty-seven  or  twenty- 
eight  days,  in  order  to  recruit  our  strength.  God  permitted 
LIS  all  to  esca]3e.  We  took  the  women  and  made  them  tend 
those  who  were  most  seriously  wounded.  We  learnt  from  the 
I  ui  ty  lea-  nativcs  that  we  were  distant  upwards  of  forty  leasrues  from 
the  sea ;  we  were  very  anxious  for  the  Governor  to  proceed 
thither,  that  we  might  obtain  tidings  of  the  brigantines  ; 
but  he  would  not  venture,  it  being  already  the  middle  of 
November  and  the  Aveather  very  cold.  It  was  advisable  to 
seek  a  country  in  which  to  winter,  where  there  would 
be  no  want  of  provisions,  for  there  was  a  scarcity  in  the 
place  we  now  were  staying  at ;  we  accordingly  pursued  our 
route  towards  the  north,  and  marched  ten  or  twelve  days, 
suffering   excessively   from   cold,   and   from   the   passage   of 


the  sea. 


biedma's  relation.  187 

rivers  which  we  were  obliged  to  ford  ;  at  length  we  reached 
an  extensive  and  fertile  province,  where  we  might  pass  the 
winter  until  the  extremity  of  the  cold  was  over  ;  for  more 
snow  falls  in  this  country  than  in  Spain. 

This  province  was  called  Chicaza ;  the  Indians  attempted  to  cii 
defend  the  passage  of  a  river,  which  we  had  to  cross  ;  we  made  a 
a  halt  of  three  days,  at  the  expiration  of  which  we  passed  over 
in  a  canoe  that  we  had  constructed.  All  the  Indians  fled  into 
the  forest.  Seven  or  eight  days  afterwards,  messengers  from 
the  cacique  came  to  the  Governor,  and  said  that  their  master 
intended  to  come  and  offer  his  services  to  him  and  all  his  com- 
pany. The  Governor  received  them  favorably,  and  sent  word 
to  the  cacique  to  come,  and  he  would  make  him  numerous  pre- 
sents. The  cacique  came  accordingly,  attended  by  a  great  many 
Indians,  who  carried  him  on  their  shoulders.  He  presented 
us  with  some  little  dogs  and  deer-skins.  The  cacique  stayed 
with  us,  and  the  other  Indians  went  away  ;  each  day  they 
came  and  departed,  bringing  us  many  rabbits  and  whatever 
else  they  could  procure  in  the  country.  In  the  night  we 
surprised  some  Indians,  who,  under  the  pretext  of  being 
friendly,  came  to  see  how  we  slept  and  kept  guard.  Having 
no  suspicion  of  their  designs,  we  told  the  cacique  that  we 
should  resume  our  journey  on  the  morrow.  He  left,  and 
the  same  night  marched  against  us.  As  these  Indians  knew 
the  places  where  we  posted  our  sentinels,  three  hundred  of 
them  entered  the  village  by  twos  and  fours,  carrying  fire, 
which  they  had  put  into  small  pots  so  that  we  might 
not  perceive  them  ;  and  whilst  they  were  making  their  way 
along,  another  troop  was  heard  shouting  their  war  cries ;  but 
the  former  had  ah'eady  set  fire  to  the  village.  We  expe- 
rienced a  great  loss,  for  on  this  night  they  killed  fifty-seven 
of  our  horses,  upwards  of  three  hundred  swine,  and  thirteen 
or  fourteen  men  ;  but  what  would  appear  to  be  a  great  miracle 
of  God,  is,  that  they  fled  without  our  oflfering  them  the 
slightest  resistance.     If  they  had  persevered  in  their  attack. 


188  APPENDIX. 

our  destruction  must  have  been  inevitable.  We  left  that 
place  to  make  our  way  to  a  cabin,  which  might  be  a  league 
distant ;  we  were  told  that  the  Indians  intended  to  march 
against  us  in  the  night,  but  it  pleased  God  to  send  a  little 
rain,  which  was  the  cause  of  their  not  coming. 

We  were  in  a  very  sad  plight ;  a  few  horses  were  left,  but 
we  had  neither  saddles,  lances,  nor  bucklers, — all  had  been 
burnt.  We  immediately  set  to  work  to  make  shields,  saddles, 
and  lances,  as  well  as  w^e  were  able.  Five  days  afterwards 
the  Indians  sallied  out  to  attack  us  again ;  they  marched  in 
good  order  of  battle,  and  assailed  us  on  three  sides.  As  we 
had  been  forewarned,  we  marched  to  meet  them,  and  put 
them  to  flight,  after  having  killed  a  considerable  number, 
which  circumstance,  God  be  praised,  prevented  their  return. 
We  stayed  in  this  place  two  months,  during  which  time  we 
made  saddles,  lances,  and  bucklers,  and  at  length  resumed 
our  march  towards  the  north-w^est. 
Aiibanio.  We  proceeded  to  the  province  of  Alibanio,  where  an  event 

occurred  to  us,  such  as  they  say  was  never  witnessed  in 
the  Indies.  The  natives  who  had  in  this  place  neither  pro- 
visions, women,  nor  anything  else  to  defend,  constructed,  in 
the  middle  of  the  road,  for  the  sole  purj)ose  of  contending 
with  us,  a  very  strong  palisade,  behind  which  three  hundred 
warriors  posted  themselves,  determined  to  die  rather  than 
allow  us  to  pass.  Directly  we  made  our  appearance,  some  of 
the  Indians  came  out  of  the  palisade,  and  thi'catened  us,  saying 
that  not  one  of  us  should  escape  alive.  As  soon  as  we  caught 
sight  of  the  j^alisade,  and  of  the  warriors  who  were  defending 
it,  we  supposed  that  behind  it  there  were  provisions  or  other 
valuables.  We  stood  in  the  greatest  need  of  food,  for  we 
knew  that  we  should  have  to  traverse  a  desert  of  twelve  days' 
march,  during  which  we  shoidd  not  meet  with  victuals  of  any 
kind.  We  then  formed  into  a  body  of  forty  or  fifty  men,  and 
divided  ourselves  into  two  troops  to  attack  the  enemy  as  soon 
as  a  trumpet  should  give  the  signal.    We  carried  the  palisade. 


biedma's  relation.  189 

but  with  the  loss  of  seven  or  eight  men,  and  twenty-five  were 
wounded ;  we  killed  several  Indians,  and  took  some  prisoners, 
from  whom  we  learnt  that  they  had  constructed  this  barrier 
for  the  express  purpose  of  trying  the  mastery  between  us. 
We  found  some  provisions  in  the  environs,  in  order  to  enable 
us  to  pass  the  desert,  through  which  we  marched  twelve  days.  ^  '^^*^''''t- 
The  sick  and  wounded  that  we  carried  caused  us  considerable 
trouble.      One  day,  at  noon,  we  entered  a    village,  named 
Quizquiz,  so   suddenly,  that   the   Indians    had   received  no  Q^"^q^^i^- 
notice  of  our  arrival,  but  were  at  work  in  their  maize  fields ; 
we  took  U23wards  of  three  hundred  women  in   the  village. 
These  people  were  wretchedly  poor,  having  only  with  them 
some  skins  and  cloaks ;  it  was  in  this  place  that  we  gathered 
for  the  first  time  small  nuts  of  the  country,  which  are  superior  ^™^"  ""*^- 
to  those  of  Spain.     The  village  is  built  on  the  banks  of  the 
river  Saint-Esprit,  and  we  ascertained  from  the  inhabitants,  ^jirsanto 
that  this,  as  well  as  divers  others  in  the  immediate  neigh- 
bourhood, were  tributary  to  the  sovereign  of  Pacaha,  who  is 
greatly  renowned  throughout  all  the  country. 

As  soon  as  the  Indians  knew  that  we  had  captured  these 
women,  they  came  as  friends  to  demand  them  of  the  Governor, 
who  gave  them  up,  and  desired  them  to  let  him  have  some 
canoes  in  order  to  pass  the  Great  River ;  they  promised,  but  The  Groat 
failed  to  do  so,  and  even  collected  their  forces  to  make  war  upon 
us,  and  presented  themselves  before  the  village  in  which  we 
were  ;  they  did  not,  however,  venture  to  attack  us,  but  went 
away.  We  quitted  the  village,  and  proceeded  to  encamp  upon 
the  bank  of  the  river,  in  order  to  see  how  we  could  pass  it. 
We  perceived  a  number  of  Indians,  with  a  great  many  canoes, 
on  the  opposite  side,  ready  to  dispute  our  passage.  We  resolved 
upon  making  four  large  pirogues,  each  capable  of  containing 
sixty  or  seventy  men,  and  five  or  six  horses ;  and  we  spent 
twenty-seven  or  twenty-eight  days  in  constructing  them. 
During  this  time  the  Indians  came  out  every  day  at  three 
o'clock  in  the  afternoon  in   two  hundred  and   fifty  canoes. 


190  APPENDIX. 

adorned  with  handsome  flags,  and  approaching  the  shore 
where  we  were,  they  raised  their  war  cries,  and  discharged  as 
many  arrows  at  us  as  they  could ;  they  then  returned  to  the 
0232:)osite  shore.  AMien,  however,  they  saw  that  our  barques 
were  ready  to  pass  the  river,  all  of  them  fled  and  abandoned 
the  place. 

We  crossed  the  river  with  much  order ;  it  was  about  a 
league  broad,  and  the  depth  from  nineteen  to  twenty  fathoms. 
On  the  opposite  side  we  found  some  excellent  villages ;  we 
ascended  the  current  with  the  intention  of  repairing  to  the 
province  of  Pacaha,  for  it  was  necessary  to  take  this  course  in 
order  to  reach  there.  But  before  arriving  at  that  province,  we 
fell  in  with  another  sovereign,  named  Ycasqui,  who  was  at  war 
with  the  cacique  of  Pacaha ;  he  came  in  a  friendly  manner  to 
visit  us,  and  said  that  he  had  long  heard  of  us,  that  he  knew 
we  were  men  from  heaven,  on  whom  their  arrows  could  inflict 
no  injury,  and  that  on  this  account  he  wished  not  to  make 
war  ujoon  us,  but  to  render  us  service.  The  Governor  re- 
ceived him  courteously,  and  forbade  any  person  whomsoever 
to  enter  his  village,  or  do  him  any  harm.  We  encamped  in 
a  plain  in  sight  of  this  cacique's  village,  where  we  rested  two 
da  vs. 

On  the  day  of  our  arrival,  the  cacique  asked  the  Governor 
to  give  him  a  sign  by  means  of  which  after  our  departure  he 
should  be  enabled  to  demand  assistance  during  these  wars, 
and  by  which  his  subjects  coidd  obtain  water,  which  they 
greatly  needed  for  the  cultivation  of  their  grounds,  as  their 
children  were  starving.  The  Governor  ordered  his  men  to 
make  a  large  cross  of  a  couple  of  pine  trees,  and  told  the  cacique 
to  return  on  the  next  day,  when  the  sign  from  heaven  which 
he  had  asked  for  would  be  given  to  him,  and  that  he  believed 
he  would  want  for  nothing,  if  he  placed  implicit  faith  in  it. 
The  cacique  repeated  his  visit  on  the  following  day,  and  he 
then  made  a  long  oration,  in  which  he  asked  why  we  delayed 
so  long  to  give  him  the  sign  that  he  had  requested,  since  he 


biedma's  relation.  191 

was  so  well  disposed  to  serve  and  to  follow  us ;  he  began  to 
weep  bitterly  because  we  did  not  give  it  him  immediately, 
and  in  such  a  manner  as  to  draw  tears  from  all  our  eyes  at 
witnessing  his  devotion,  and  the  fervency  with  which  he 
sought  it.  The  Governor  told  him  to  return  with  his  Indians, 
and  that  we  should  come  in  the  evening  to  his  village,  and 
bring  the  sign  which  he  was  anxious  to  obtain.  In  the  evening 
he  presented  himself  with  all  his  Indians,  and  we  marched 
with  them  in  procession  to  the  village.  The  caciques  of  this 
country  are  in  the  habit  of  erecting,  near  the  houses  in 
which  they  reside,  very  high  mounds  ;  some,  however,  have 
their  abodes  on  the  summit  of  these  mounds.  It  was  upon 
one  of  these  little  mountains  that  we  planted  the  cross.  We 
all  repaired  thither,  and  with  the  greatest  devotion  fell  on  our 
knees  to  kiss  the  foot  of  it.  The  Indians  followed  our  ex- 
ample, and  afterwards  brought  a  great  quantity  of  reeds,  with 
which  they  constructed  a  fence  round  about  it. 

The  same  evening  we  returned  to  our  camp,  and  on  the 
following  morning  departed  for  Pacaha,  which  was  situated  i^"^^'ii>' 
higher  up  ;  we  marched  two  days,  and  arrived  at  a  village 
in  the  middle  of  a  plain,  encompassed  by  walls  and  a  moat 
full  of  water,  dug  by  the  hand  of  man.  We  approached  as 
near  as  we  could,  and  when  we  were  quite  close,  we  halted,  not 
daring  to  enter.  As  we  were  turning  round,  we  perceived 
at  one  side  a  vast  number  of  the  inhabitants  leaving  the 
place.  We  entered  the  village  without  meeting  with  any 
opposition.  We  took  a  very  few  Indians,  for  nearly  all  of 
them  had  already  fled ;  but  they  were  not  able  to  place  in 
safety  the  little  that  they  possessed,  for  everything  remained 
in  the  town.  Whilst  we  stayed  outside  the  walls  without 
daring  to  enter,  we  saw  a  numerous  party  of  Indians  behind 
us,  whom  we  took  for  warriors  coming  to  the  assistance  of 
the  village.  We  marched  to  meet  them,  but  soon  recognized 
the  cacique  we  had  left  behind,  and  with  whom  we  had 
planted  the  cross ;  he  had  come  to  render  us  assistance  in 


192  APPENDIX. 

case  we  stood  in  need  of  it ;  we  conducted  him  into  tlie  vil- 
lage. He  began  by  thanking  the  Governor  for  the  cross 
which  he  had  given  to  him,  and  said  that  on  the  previous  day 
rain  had  fallen  in  abundance ;  that  all  his  subjects  were  so 
well  satisfied,  that  they  intended  not  to  leave  us  again,  but 
wished  to  bear  us  company.  The  Governor  made  him  enter 
the  village,  and  gave  him  all  that  Ave  found  there ;  (for  they 
esteem  as  a  great  treasure  a  few  collars  formed  of  shell  fish, 
skins  of  cats  and  of  roebucks  ;)  we  gave  him  likewise  a 
small  quantity  of  maize  that  was  in  the  village,  and  he  left 
much  delighted.  We  remained  in  this  place  in  order  to  see  if 
we  could  take  the  northern  route,  so  as  to  cross  to  the  South 
Sea. 

After  an  abode  of  twenty-six  or  twenty-seven  days,  during 
which  we  made  some  excursions,  we  advanced  towards  the 
north-east,  as  we  had  been  told  that  in  that  direction  we 
should  meet  with  large  towns  wherein  we  might  take  up 
Aiicbert.  our  quartcrs.  We  travelled  eight  days  through  a  desert 
covered  with  very  extensive  marshes,  and  where  not  a  tree 
was  to  be  seen ;  we  could  perceive  nought  but  plains, 
where  certain  herbs  grew  so  high  and  thick  that  the  horses 
could  with  difficulty  pass  through  them ;  we  afterwards  met 
with  a  party  of  Indians,  who  lived  under  tents  stitched  to- 
gether, which  they  carry  away  with  them  whenever  they 
choose ;  they  have  at  such  times  only  to  roll  up  the  covering 
of  the  tent,  which  an  Indian  takes  charge  of,  whilst  the  Avoman 
carries  the  poles  that  su^^port  it ;  they  construct  and  remove 
these  tents  Avith  the  greatest  ease,  and  consequently  being 
able  to  take  their  houses  Avith  them,  they  change  their  abodes 
very  frequently.  We  ascertained  from  these  Indians  that 
in  the  interior  there  Avere  scA'^cral  tribes  like  their  OAAm, 
AA'ho  Avere  nomadic,  and  pitched  their  tents  in  those  places 
Avhich  Avere  stocked  Avith  deer ;  that  they  frequented  a 
marsh  Avhere  there  Avas  an  abundant  supply  of  fish ;  that  as 
soon  as  the  game  had  been  scared,  and  they  caught  no  more 


biedma's  relation.  193 

fish,  they  shifted  their  abode,  and  transporting  their  houses 
on  their  backs,  and  every  thing  they  possessed,  they  betook 
themselves  to  some  place  where  they  could  procure  food. 
The  name  of  this  province  was  Calusi.  The  natives  pay  caiusi. 
little  attention  to  cultivating  the  soil,  but  depend  entirely 
on  hunting  and  fishing  for  subsistence.  We  returned  to 
Pacaha,  where  the  Governor  had  remained.  We  found  the 
cacique,  who  had  come  again  as  a  friend,  along  with  the 
Governor ;  in  the  meantime  the  other  cacique,  who  had  kept 
further  behind,  and  with  whom  we  had  planted  the  cross, 
arrived ;  it  was  a  wonderful  thing  to  see  the  reconciliation  of 
these  two  hostile  caciques.  The  Governor  made  them  both 
sit  by  his  side,  and  one  could  hardly  imagine  the  pains  that 
each  took  to  obtain  the  right-hand  place. 

Finding  that  there  was  no  possibility  of  reaching  the  other  '^^'^  ^'^''^*' 
sea,  we  returned  towards  the  south.  The  cacique  with  whom 
we  had  planted  the  cross,  accomjDanied  us.  On  taking  leave 
of  him,  we  marched  in  the  direction  of  the  other  sea,  that  is 
to  say,  towards  the  south-west,  until  we  reached  a  province 
called  Quiguata,  in  which  is  the  largest  village  that  we  have  Quiguata. 
seen  in  Florida ;  it  was  situated  on  one  of  the  arms  of  the 
great  river.  Here  we  stayed  eight  or  nine  days  for  the  pur- 
pose of  procuring  interpreters  and  guides,  intending  always 
to  reach  the  other  sea,  for  the  Indians  told  us  that  eleven 
days'  march  would  bring  us  to  a  province  where  they  killed 
oxen,  and  where  we  should  find  interpreters  who  would 
conduct  us  to  the  sea. 

We  left  with  the  guides  for  that  province  which  is  called 
Coligua ;  there  was  no  beaten  track ;  every  evening  they  led 
us  near  to  a  marsh  where  we  refreshed  ourselves,  and  found 
abundance  of  fish.  We  crossed  vast  plains,  and  very  high 
mountains,  and  at  length  came  quite  suddenly  upon  the  town 
of  Coligua,  as  though  we  had  reached  it  by  a  high  road. 
We  observed  all  along  the  way  traces  of  the  passage  of  ^o^'^"*'^- 
men  ;     we    found    a    great    quantity    of  provisions  in   this 

c  c 


194  APPENDIX. 

country,  and  a  considerable  number  of  ox  tails  tanned,  and 
others  in  preparation.  During  the  route,  we  made  inquiries 
of  the  Indians  respecting  the  country  Ave  were  in  search  of, 
and  whether  there  were  any  village  far  or  near ;  but  to  these 
inquii'ies  we  could  never  obtain  any  answer  :  all  they  said 
was,  that  if  we  A\dshed  to  go  to  any  villages,  we  ought  to 
take  the  direction  of  west-south-west.  We  accordingly  fol- 
lowed the  route  which  the  Indians  had  pointed  out,  and 
Tatii  coya.  arrived  a  some  scattered  villages  which  bore  the  name  of 
A  large       Tatil  Cova     we  found  there  a  larsre  river  which  falls  into 

river,  falling  ''  '^ 

Kio  Grande  ^^  ^^^  Graudc ;  we  learnt  that  by  ascending  the  first  stream 
we  should  meet  with  a  considerable  province,  called  Cayas  ; 
we  accordingly  went  to  this  place,  and  saw  that  it  was  com- 
posed of  detached  villages  thickly  peopled,  where  we  made 

Cayas.  somc  recomioiterings ;  the  entire  country  is  covered  with 
mountains. 

During  an  excursion,  the  cacique  and  a  great  number  of 
natives  were  seized,  of  whom  we  made  inquii-ies  respecting 
the  country:  they  replied,  that  by  ascending  the  river  we 
should  find  a  large  province  called  Tula.  The  Governor 
was  desirous  of  going  to  see  whether  it  would  be  possible 
for  us  to  winter  there :  he  accordingly  set  out  with  twenty 
horsemen,  leaving  the  remainder  in  the  province  of  Cayas. 

Tula.  Before,  however,  we  reached  Tula,  we  passed  over   steep 

mountains,  and  at  length  entered  the  village  without  any 
notice  being  given  of  our  arrival;  we  set  about  capturing 
some  Indians,  but  they  defended  themselves,  and  that  day 
wounded  nine  or  ten  of  our  horses  and  seven  or  eight  Spa- 
niards. They  were  so  brave  that  they  formed  into  parties  of 
eight  or  ten,  and  rushed  upon  us  like  fmious  dogs  ;  we 
killed  about  thirty  or  forty  of  them. 

The  Governor  seeing  that  we  were  but  few  in  number, 
considered  that  it  was  not  prudent  to  pass  the  night  in  this 
place ;  Ave  accordingly  returned  by  the  same  route  that  we 
had  taken.     We   crossed   a   level   plain   surrounded  by  the 


biedma's  relation.  195 

river,  after  having  passed  over  the  mountain,  which  we  feared 
might  be  occupied  by  the  Indians.  The  next  day  the 
Governor  came  to  the  spot  where  he  had  left  his  party,  but 
the  Indians  who  had  been  seized  had  made  their  escape,  and 
there  were  none  others  in  the  province  whom  our  interpreter 
could  understand.  The  Governor  gave  orders  that  all  should 
get  ready  to  go  to  that  province,  and  we  proceeded  thither 
without  loss  of  time.  We  had  scarcely  arrived  on  the  fol- 
lowing day,  when  we  perceived  three  large  troops  of  Indians 
advancing  towards  us  from  three  different  sides.  We  routed 
them  after  having  killed  some  men,  which  put  an  end 
to  hostilities ;  two  or  three  days  afterwards,  they  despatched 
messengers  to  us  as  if  to  sue  for  peace,  but  as  we  had  no 
interpreters,  we  were  not  able  to  understand  them.  We 
made  them  comprehend  by  signs,  that  they  were  to  send  us 
interpreters  for  the  natives  whom  we  intended  to  visit ; 
they  brought  us  five  or  six  Indians  who  understood  our 
interpreters.  They  were  inquisitive  to  know  who  we  were, 
and  what  was  the  object  of  our  journey ;  we  made  inqui- 
ries after  some  large  province  where  there  might  be  a 
good  supply  of  provisions,  for  we  began  to  feel  severely 
the  rigour  of  the  winter  ;  they  said,  that  in  the  direc- 
tion we  were  following,  they  had  no  knowledge  of  any  very 
extensive  population.  Seeing  that  no  other  resource  was 
left  for  us,  we  resumed  the  route  of  the  south-east,  and  pro- 
ceeded to  a  province  called  Quipana,  which  was  situated  at  Quiiiana. 
the  foot  of  very  lofty  mountains.  From  thence  we  turned 
towards  the  east,  and  crossing  those  mountains,  we  descended  Mouutuius 
into  a  j)lain,  which  was  inhabited,  and  appeared  favourable 
for  our  plans ;  not  far  off  was  a  village  where  there  was 
plenty  of  provisions ;  it  was  constructed  on  the  bank  of  a 
large  river,  which  flowed  into  the  great  river,  along  which  we 
had  passed :  the  province  was  called  Viranque,  and  here  we  viranque. 
spent  the  winter,  and  suffered  so  much  from  the  cold  and 
snow,   that  we    thought  we    should    have    perished.       The 


196  APPENDIX. 

Christian  who  was  found  among  the  Indians  whom  Narvaez 
had  visited,  and  who  acted  as  our  interpreter,  died  at  this 
place. 

We  departed  from  this  village  at  the  beginning  of  March, 
when  we  supposed  that  the  extremity  of  the  cold  was  over. 
We  descended  the  course  of  the  river,  on  the  shores  of  wliich 
we  found  other  provinces  well  peopled  and  rich  in  provi- 
sions ;  at  length  we  reached  another  province,  called  Ani- 
coyanque,  which  appeared  to  us  to  be  one  of  the  best  that 

Aui.uyau-  we  had  seen  in  this  country.  A  cacique  whose  name  w^as 
Guachoyanque,  came  to  visit  us  ;  his  village  was  situated 
on  the  bank  of  the  great  river ;  he  was  frequently  at  war 
with  the  cacique  whom  we  were  leaving.     The  Governor 

Guacboy-  sct  out  immediately  for  the  villasre  of  Guachoyanque  in  coni- 
pany  with  the  cacique.  His  village  was  very  well  enclosed 
with  walls,  and  fortified,  but  there  was  only  a  scanty  supply 
of  provisions,  for  the  Indians  had  robbed  him  of  all  that 
he  had. 

The  Governor  came  to  a  resolution  at  this  place,  in  case 
he  should  discover  the  sea,  to  build  some  brigantines  which 
might  convey  intelligence  to  Cuba  that  we  were  alive,  and 
to  ask  for  horses  and  other  things  of  which  we  stood  in  need  ; 
he  despatched  the  captain  towards  the  south,  with  orders  to 
search  out  some  road  so  as  to  reach  the  sea;  for  notwith- 
standing the  questions  which  were  put  to  the  Indians,  no 
exact  knowledge  could  be  obtained  as  to  its  existence  on  this 
side.  He  came  back  and  reported  that  he  had  not  discovered 
any  road  by  which  to  cross  the  vast  morasses  formed  by  the 
great  river  on  this  side. 

The   Governor   being  in   great  perplexity  of  mind,   and 

Soto's  death,  matters  not  turning  out  according  to  his  wishes,  fell  sick  and 
died,  having  nominated  Luis  de  Moscoso  to  succeed  him. 
Not  discovering  any  road  for  reaching  the  sea,  w^e  determined 
upon  resuming  the  route  towards  the  west,  in  the  hopes  of 
proceeding  by  land  to  Mexico,  provided  we  did  not  succeed 


biedma's  relation.  197 

in  finding  in  the  interior  some  place  where  we  could  remain  ; 
we  marched  during  seventeen  days,  and  arrived  at  the  pro- 
vince of  Chavite,  where  the  Indians  made  abundance  of  ^''-^^i^'^- 
salt ;  we  had  no  information  respecting  the  north ;  from 
thence  we  re]3aired  to  the  province  of  Aguacay,  and  three  Aguncay. 
days  more  were  spent  in  getting  there,  taking  a  direct  north- 
erly course. 

The  Indians  told  us  that  we  should  not  meet  with  any 
inhabited  country,  unless  we  descended  towards  the  south-east 
and  south,  where  we  should  find  villages  and  provisions  ;  but 
on  the  side  to  which  we  were  desirous  of  going,  there  were  only 
extensive  tracts  of  sand,  without  village  or  any  kind  of  food  ; 
we  were  consequently  forced  to  turn  our  steps  to  that  side 
which  the  Indians  had  pointed  out.  We  next  reached  a 
province  called  Nisione,  and  subsequently  others  called  Nan-  Nisione. 
dacaho  and  Lacame :  the  country  becoming^  more  and  more  Naiuiacaho. 

•^  *-'  Lacame. 

barren,  the  scarcity  of  provisions  increased ;  we  received 
some  notice  respecting  the  province  of  Xuacatino,  wliich  we 
had  been  told  was  considerable ;  the  cacique  of  Nandacaho 
gave  us  an  Indian  for  a  guide  who  would  conduct  us  into  a 
country  from  whence  we  could  no  more  escape ;  he  led  us 
then  into  a  wild  country  through  which  there  was  no  road, 
and  finished  by  telling  us,  that  his  master  had  ordered  him 
to  carry  us  to  a  place  where  we  should  die  of  hunger.  We 
took  another  guide,  who  conducted  us  into  the  province  of 
Hais,  to  which  herds  of  oxen  occasionally  resorted.  As  soon  J^^J 
as  the  natives  saw  us  enter  their  territories,  they  collected 
theii*  forces  in  order  to  prevent  our  killing  the  oxen ;  they 
attacked  us  with  their  arrows,  which  occasioned  us  some 
loss.  We  left  this  province  for  that  of  Xacatin,  which  is  xa  aiin. 
surrounded  by  thick  forests ;  provisions  there  were  scarce ; 
from  thence  the  Indians  conducted  us  on  the  east  side  into 
other  small  villages,  which  were  destitute  of  provisions  ;  they 
pretended  to  lead  us  to  a  country  where  there  were  other 
Christians  ;    we   soon,   however,   found  out  that  they  were 


198  APPENDIX. 

deceiving  us,  and  that  they  could  not  have  acquired  any  such 
knowledge,  as  they  had  seen  no  other  Christians  but  our- 
selves ;  but  as  our  course  had  been  so  very  circuitous,  it  was 
possible  that  they  had  already  seen  us  pass  by.  We  then 
took  once  more  the  southerly  direction,  with  a  firm  deter- 
mination to  reach  New  Spain,  or  perish  in  the  attempt. 

We  marched  six  days  in  the  direction  of  south-south-east, 
after  which  we  halted.  We  sent  out  a  detachment  of  six  horse- 
men, mth  orders  for  them  to  advance  for  eight  or  nine  days 
as  far  as  possible,  and  to  see  whether  they  could  not  discover 
some  village  where  we  might  procure  a  supj)ly  of  maize  for 
the  journey.  They  set  out  accordingly  and  proceeded  as  far 
as  they  could,  and  met  with  some  poor  Indians  who  had  no 
houses,  but  lived  in  wretched  cabins ;  they  cultivated  no 
plants  of  any  kind,  but  subsisted  solely  on  fish  and  game ; 
four  or  five  of  these  natives  were  taken,  but  no  one  could  be 
found  who  understood  their  language. 

Seeing  that  we  were  without  interpreters,  and  without 
provisions,  and  that  the  maize  which  we  had  brought  began 
to  fail, — in  short,  that  it  w^as  impossible  so  many  persons 
could  travel  through  so  poor  a  country, — we  resolved  upon 
returning  to  the  village  where  the  Governor  Soto  had  died, 
thinking  that  at  that  place  we  should  find  greater  facilities 
for  constructing  the  vessels  in  which  we  might  take  our 
departure  from  the  country. 

We  accordingly  retraced  our  steps  to  the  place  where  the 
Governor  had  died.  When  we  arrived  there,  we  were  dis- 
appointed in  our  expectations,  for  the  Indians  had  carried 
oif  all  the  provisions  that  were  in  the  village ;  this  com- 
pelled us  to  seek  another,  with  a  view  of  wintering  there, 
and  building  the  vessels.  God  permitted  us  to  discover  two 
villages  most  suitable  for  our  purpose ;  they  were  situated 
upon  the  great  river,  were  fortified,  and  contained  great 
store  of  maize.  Here  we  took  up  our  quarters,  and  set  to 
work  to  build  our  vessels.     Six  months  were  spent  in  con- 


biedma's  relation.  199 

structing  seven  brigantines,  with  the  utmost  difficulty  ;  at 
length  we  launched  them  into  the  stream,  and  in  truth  it  was 
miraculous  that  they  sailed  so  well,  and  did  not  let  in  the 
water,  considering  that  they  were  only  caulked  with  the  bark 
of  mulberry  trees,  and  without  any  pitch.  We  took  with  us 
some  canoes,  into  which  we  put  twenty-six  horses  ;  and 
we  intended,  in  case  we  met  with  a  village  on  the  coast 
where  we  could  live,  to  despatch  two  brigantines  with  intel- 
ligence to  the  viceroy  of  New  Spain,  so  that  he  might  send 
vessels  to  seek  us. 

On  the  second  day,  as  we  were  descending  the  river,  forty 
or  fifty  Indian  canoes,  of  a  very  large  size  and  very  light, 
approached  us ;  one  of  these  contained  eighty  warriors,  who 
kept  hovering  in  our  rear,  and  showering  their  arrows  upon 
us ;  many  of  our  men  looking  upon  it  as  a  piece  of  cowardice 
not  to  attack  them,  took  four  or  five  of  our  small  canoes,  and 
advanced  against  those  of  the  Indians,  who,  as  soon  as  they 
saw  their  manoeuvres,  surrounded  them,  cut  off  their  retreat, 
overturned  their  canoes,  and  killed  twelve  of  our  best  sol- 
diers, without  our  being  able  to  render  them  any  assist- 
ance. The  stream  was  very  rapid,  and  we  had  but  few  oars 
on  board. 

The  Indians,  emboldened  by  this  success,  continued  pur- 
suing us  until  we  reached  the  sea,  which  lasted  nineteen 
days.  We  sustained  a  heavy  loss  from  them,  and  had  several 
of  our  soldiers  wounded.  Perceiving  that  we  had  no  weapons 
which  could  reach  them  from  a  distance — for  we  had  neither 
crossbow  nor  arquebuss  remaining,  but  only  a  few  swords 
and  bucklers — they  had  not  the  least  fear  of  us,  but  ap- 
proached very  near  to  discharge  their  arrows  at  us.  We 
entered  the  sea  by  the  mouth  of  the  river,  which  forms  a 
very  large  bay.  We  sailed  during  three  days  and  nights  in 
very  fair  weather,  without  perceiving  land.  We  suspected 
that  we  were  in  the  open  sea,  but  at  the  expiration  of  the 
above-mentioned  time,  we  took  up  water  which  was  as  fresh 


200  APPENDIX. 

as  that  of  the  river,  and  very  good  to  drink.  We  discovered 
some  small  islands  on  the  west  side ;  towards  these  we 
shaped  our  course,  and  from  that  time  we  continually  fol- 
lowed the  coast,  gathering  shell-fish,  and  searching  after  any- 
thing we  might  find  to  eat,  till  at  length  we  entered  the 
river  of  Panuco,  where  we  had  a  welcome  reception  from  the 
Christians. 

Signed,  Luis  Fernandez  de  Biedma. 


INDEX. 


A. 


Aays,  136,  141 

Acapachiqui,  xxxii,  178 

Acela,  35 

Achese,  xliv,  xlv,  48 

Acoirte,  xxxii,  xhdi 

Adelantado,  etymology  of,  9 

Aguacalecuen,  xxxii,  175 

Aguacay,  xxxii,  130,  131,  197 

Aguile,  170 

AiUon  (Lucas  d'),  see  AyUon 

Alibanio,  xxxii,  1,  188 

Alimamu,  xxxii ;  the  town  from  which 
the  Ptiver  Alabama  takes  its  name, 
1,  82,  87 

Almadia,  derivation  of,  116 

Al-Sharaf,  signification  of,  14 

Altamaca,  xxxii,  xliv,  49 

Altamaha  River,  xliv 

Altapaha,  xxxii,  xliv,  179 

Amaxm^a  Eiver,  xxxviii 

Am  aye,  131 

Aminoya,  lix,  Ix,  Ixiv 

Anaica  Apalache,  xxxii  ;  placed  hy 
Gallatin  in  the  vicinity  of  the  Oc- 
kockona  river,  xli;  and  hy  M'Cul- 
loh  north  of  the  river  Uche,  xlii; 
and  hy  Monette  100  to  130  miles 
north  of  St.  Mark's,  xliii;  and  hy 
Ii'ving  and  Pickett  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  Tallahassee  Town,  xliv ; 
description  of,  43,  40 

Anasco  (Juan  de),  150,  158,  176 

Anicoyanque,  xxxii,  190 

Anilco,  xxxii,  hiii 

Animals  of  Florida,  109 

Anoixi,  112 

Apalache,  see  also  Anaica ;  visited  by 
Pamphilo  de  Narvaez  in  1528,  xx ; 
probably  the  south-east  portion  of 
Alabama,  xxiv,  xxxii,  xl-xlii,  44, 
170 

Appalachicola  Eiver,  known  to  tiie 
Muskhogees  by  the  name  of  Cliatta 
Hatchee,  xli 


Aquixo,  90,  93 

Ai'kansas,  lii-lx 

Ante,  sea-port  of,  visited  by  Narvaez 
in  1528,  XX ;  placed  by  Gallatin  in 
Apalache  Bay,  xli;  and  by  M'Culloh 
at  the  head  of  the  Bay  of  St.  Mark's, 
xliii 

Autiamque,  xxxii,  Ivii,  112-114 

Avila  (Peter  Arias  of),  see  Davila 

Axille,  xxxii,  xU,  42 

Ay  ays,  Ivii,  115 

Ayllon  (Lucas  Vasquez  de),  his  disco- 
veries in  Florida,  xiv-xix,  58,  179, 
181 

Aj-may,  54 


B. 


Balboa  (Vasco  Nunez  de)  put  to  death 
by  order  of  Pedrarias  Davila,  9 

Bancroft  (Mr.),  criticism  on  the  Por- 
tuguese History  of  Soto's  Expedi- 
tion, and  on  Garcilasso  de  la  Vega, 
xxxiii 

Barcia  (Andres  Gonzalez),  quotation 
from  his  "  Historia  de  Florida",  on 
Kentish  long  tails,  xvi 

Baya-Honda,  173 

Biedma  (Luis  Hernandez  de),  narra- 
tive of  Soto's  expedition,  vii,  14, 
173-200 

Bimini,  island  of,  voyage  of  Ponce  de 
Leon  in  search  of,  xi 

Birds  of  Florida,  109 

Bison,  or  buffalo,  traces  of  the,  GO, 
102,  110 

Black  Wanior  Paver,  xlix 

Bobadilla  (Donna  Isabella  de),  wife  of 
Soto,  24,  111,  177 

Brasses  de  Dios,  river,  Ivi 

Burke  (Edmund),  quotation  from  his 
"  European  Settlements  in  Ame- 
rica", respecting  the  Fountain  of 
Youth,  xii 

15nrr  (Darid  H.),  his  map  of  the 
United  States,  xxxvii 

D  D 


11 


INDEX. 


c. 


Cabe^a  de  Vaca  (Alvar  Nunez),  liis 
rriiiarkable  over-land  joiu-ney  from 
Fliirida  to  Mexico,  xxi-xxvi;  extract 
from  his  Relacion,  xxiv,  xxvi ;  his 
report  to  the  emperor  conceniing 
Florida,  and  notice  of,  11,  112,  18i), 
140;  appointed  Governor  of  Kio  de 
la  Plata,  13 

Cabot  (Sebastian),  question  as  to  his 
discovery  of  Florida,  a  ii-x 

Cabusto,  ^1 

('ado  villages,  liii 

(■ale,  xxxii,  30 

Caliquen,  xxxii,  38 

Calu^a,  102 

Calusi,  1U3 

Canasagua,  xlvi,  01 

Capachiqui,  xxxii,  xliv,  40 

Capaha,  xxxii;  position  of,  liii-lv 

Casa  de  Contrataciou  at  Seville,  10 

Casiste,  72 

Casqui,  xxxii ;  on  the  banks  of  the 
Red  Eiver,  liii-lv,  94-103 

Catalte,  129 

Catamaya,  112 

Cavallos,  Baia  de,  visited  by  Narvaez 
in  1528,  sui)posed  to  be  Choctahat- 
chee  Bay,  xxiv 

Cayas,  xxxii,  Ivi-lviii,  100-109,  194 

Chaguate,  128-130,  141 

Chalaque,  xxxii;  probably  a  tiibe  of 
Cherokees,  xlvi,  00 

Chaxite,  197 

Chiaha,  xxxii ;  placed  on  the  Etowee 
branch  of  the  Coosa  river,  xlvi ; 
supposed  by  Monette  to  have  been 
Floyd  county,  Georgia ;  and  by  Pic- 
kett, on  the  site  of  the  town  of 
Piome,  xlvii,  02 

Chica^a,  xxxii,  xxxv  ;  situated  pro 
Itably  in  the  valley  of  the  Yalobusha, 
xhx,  81-87,  187 

Cliickasaw  Bluff,  probably  the  spot 
where  Soto  crossed  the  Mississippi, 
lii 

Chicora,  a  province  discovered  byAyl- 
lou,  xiv 

Chilano,  141,  143 

(Jhina,  xxxii,  182 

Chisca,  xxxii,  h,  93,  102 

Chisi,  xliv,  179 

Choctahatchee  Bay,  called  Baia  de 
Cavallos  by  Narvaez,  xxiv 

Cholupaha,  38 

Chuse,  bay  of,  183 

Co^a,  xxxii ;    description   answers  to 

.  the  town  of  "  Old  Coosa',  in  latitude 
33°  30',  on  Coosa  river,  xlvii,  07-70, 
182  '  >  , 


Cofachiqui,  see  also  Cutifachiqui,  xxxii 

Cofaqui,  xxxii,  xliv,  50 

Cofitachyque,  xxxii,  179,  180 

Cofoqui,  179 

Coligoa,  xxxii,  Iv,  Ivi,  105 

Coligua,  193 

Colima,  xxxii,  Iv,  Ivi 

Conies,  Indian  method  of  catching, 
114 

Connesaugo  river,  xlvi 

Coosaw  river,  supposed  to  be  the  Jor- 
dan, discovered  by  Ayllon,  xiv,  xlvii 

Copee,  a  scum  of  the  sea  like  pitch, 
100 

Coronado  (Francis  Yasquez  de),  voy- 
age to  Cibola  in  1540,  5 

Cortes  (Hernando),  xiii,  23 

Coste,  xxxii,  xlvii,  05 

Costehe,  xxxii,  182 

Cuba,  description  of,  17 

Cutifachiqui,  xxxii,  xxxiv ;  placed  by 
Monette  on  the  head-waters  of  the 
Savannah  river,  xliv;  and  by  Gal- 
latin on  the  Oconee  or  on  the  Sa- 
vanna river,  xiv ;  and  by  Pickett  on 
the  east  bank  of  the  Savannah,  at 
the  modem  Silver  Bluff,  Barnwell 
Dist.,  S.  Carolina,  xlri,  55 


D. 


Danusco  (John),  see  Anasco 

Datha,    a   giant    king   spoken   of  by 

Pet.  Mai't}T,  XV 
Davila  (Pedi'arias),  notice  of,  9 
Daycao,  138-142 
Dogs,  eaten  by  the  Spaniai'ds,  but  not 

by  the  Indians,  01 
Drayton  (Michael),  "  Ode  to  the  Yii-- 

giuian  Yoyage",  ii,  iii 
Duharhe,    a  province   discovered   by 

Ayllon,   xiv  ;    gigantic  Indians  of, 

described  by  Peter  Martyr,  xv 


E. 


Elvas,  Gentleman  of,  see  "  Gentleman 

of  Elvas" 
Enequem,  a  herb  like  hemp,  used  for 

caulking  vessels,  142,  144 
Espejo  (Antonio   de),  discovers  Kew 

Mexico,  5 
Espuitu  Santo,  bay  of,  Soto  lands  his 

army  there,  probably  Hillsborough 

Bay,  xxxAii,  24,  173 
Fspu-itu  Santo,  liio  de,see  Mississippi 
Estauhatchee  river,  xl 
Ktocale,  xxxii,  175 
Erill  Peace,  town  of,  37 


INDEX. 


Ill 


Faszaluza,  xxxii,  183 

Fish,  diiferent  kinds  of,  found  in  the 
Rio  Grande  or  Mississippi,  98,  1)0  ; 
Indian  method  of  taking,  105 

Florida,  discovery  of, — by  Cabot,  vii ; 
by  Ponce  de  Leon,  x;  by  Pineda, 
xiii ;  by  Ayllon,  xiii-xix ;  by  Veraz- 
zano,  xix  ;  by  Narvaez  and  Cabe^a 
de  Vaca,  xix-xxvi ;  foraier  extent 
of,  X,  138 ;  why  so  called,  x ;  ani- 
mals, fowls,  and  fruits  of,  169 


G. 


Gallatin  (Hon.  Albert),  extract  from 
his  "  Synopsis  of  the  Indian  tribes", 
xxxv-xxxvi 

Galvam  (Antonio),  extract  from,  rela- 
tive to  Ayllon,  xviii 

Garay  (Francisco),  Governor  of  Ja- 
maica, sends  Pineda  with  four  ships 
to  explore  the  continent  towards 
Florida,  xiii 

"  Gentleman  of  Elvas",  writes  an  ac- 
count of  the  expedition  into  Florida 
of  Fernando  de  Soto,  i ;  extreme 
rarity  of  the  original  Portuguese 
work,  i;  translated  by  Halduyt,  i-iii; 
translated  into  French  by  Citri  de 
la  Guette,  and  again  into  English, 
iv ;  translated  into  Dutch,  vi ;  cha- 
racter of  the  work,  v,  vi ;  by  Mr. 
Sparks,  xxvii  xxix ;  by  Mr.  Bancroft, 
xxxiii 

Gomera,  island  of,  10 

Great  River,  see  Mississippi 

Grivalja  (Juan  de),  discovers  New 
Spain,  23 

Guachoya,  xxxii,  Iriii,  lix,  118-123  ; 
death  of  Soto  at,  125,  146,  147 

Guaclioyanque,  196 

Guahate,  112 

Guasco,  137-140 

Guasuli,  xxxii 

Guaxule,  xxxii,  61 

Guzman  (John  de),  death  of,  152 


H. 


Hacanac,  132 

Hakluyt  (Richard), translates  the  Por- 
tuguese history  of  Soto's  discoveries, 
i ;  account  of  the  work,  ii-iv ;  cri- 
ticism upon,  by  Sparks  and  Ban- 
croft, xxvii-xxxv 

Hapaluya,  41 

Hariot  (Thoma>),  notice  of,  3 


Helena,  lii-lv,  Ix 

Helena,  Saint,  discovered  Ity  Ayllon 

(cape),  XV  ;   (river),  181 
Hillsborough     Bay,    xxxvii  ;     River, 

xxxviii 
Hirrihigua,  xxxvii 
Huasene,  150 
Hurripacuxi,  xxxii,  174 


Ichiaha,  xlvi 

Indians,  great  eloquence  of  the,  111  ; 
Indians  of  Duharhe  described  by 
Pet.  Martyr,  xv 

luiahico,  xxxii,  176 

Inzignanin,  a  country  ^isited  by  Ayl- 
lon, XV 

Irving  (Mr. Theodore), his  "Conquest 
of  Florida",  xxvii,  xxxiii,  xxxvi;  vm- 
derrates  the  work  of  the  "  Gentle- 
man of  Elvas",  xxvii ;  preference  for 
the  Inca  Garcilasso  de  la  Vega,  xxx ; 
notes  upon  the  route  of  De  Soto's 
army,  Xxxrii 

Italisi,  xxxii,  183 

Iritachuco,  xxxii,  176 


J. 


Jordan,  river,  discovered   by  Ayllon, 
xiv ;  note  on,  by  Mr.  Sparks,  xiv 


K. 


Kentish  long  tails,  mentioned  in  Bar- 
cia's  "  Historia  de  Florida",  xvi 


L. 


Lacame,  xxxii,  197 

Lacane,  xxxii,  135 

Las  Casas  (Bartolome  de),  extract 
from  his  "  Brevissima  relacion  de 
las  Indias",  on  De  Soto's  cruelties, 
lx\i 

Loaves  made  of  prunes,  ]  19 


M. 


Maadia,  a  kind  of  canoe  used  in  Mo- 
rocco, 116 

M'Culloh  (Dr.J.H.),  his  "  Researches 
concerning  the  aboriginal  history  of 
America",  xxxvi ;  Route  of  the  Span- 
iards west  of  the  Mississippi,  lii-lxiv 

Maldonado  (Francis),  80,  177 

Margarites,  beads  much  esteemed  in 
Peru,  117 

Mark's,  St.,  Bay  of,  called  the  Bay  of 
Aute  by  Narvaez,  xx 


IV 


INDEX. 


Martyr  (Peter),  extracts  from,  relating 
to  Cabot,  viii,  ix;  on  tl)e  discovery 
of  Florida,  and  why  so  called,  x;  df- 
scriptive  of  tlie  Indians  of  Duharlie, 
XV ;  relative  to  Ayllon,  xvii 

Mavilla,  xxxii-xxxv  ;  supposed  to  have 
stood  on  the  n.  side  of  tlie  Alabama, 
and  at  a  place  called  Choctaw  Bluff, 
xhiii ;  74-Hl,  184=-180 

'Maii\ila,  xxxii 

Mendo9a  (Don  Antonio  de),  yicer<\v 
of  Mexico,  164 

Mexico,  ancient  name  of,  105 

Micanopy,  Fort,  xxxix,  xl 

Minoya,  lix,  Ix,  Ixiv,  14."3-14:9 

Mississippi  River,  called  by  the  Span- 
iards Eio  de  Espiritu  Santo  and 
Eio  Grande  ;  discovered  and  named 
by  Pineda  in  1519,  xxiii ;  crossed  1  y 
Cahe9a  de  Yaca,  xxi,  xxiii ;  3Ir. 
Greenhow's  letter  respecting,  xxiii ; 
four  Indian  names  of,  118 ;  crossed 
by  De  Soto's  ai'my  in  1541,  probably 
within  thirty  miles  of  Helena :  ac- 
cording to  Ining,  at  the  lowest 
Chickasaw  Bluff;  and  accorduig  to 
M'Culloh,  about  twenty  or  thiity 
miles  below  the  mouth  of  the  Ar- 
kansaw  Ptiver,  xxi,  lii,  92,  189 ;  de- 
scribed, li,  90-92, 182 ;  the  Spaniards 
descend  the  river,  Ix,  Ixiii,  Ixiv,  149- 
154,  199 

M0C090,  32,  33 

Monette  (Dr.  J.  W.),  his  »  History  of 
the  discoveiy  and  settlement  of  the 
valley  of  the  Mississippi,  xxxvii; 
route  of  the  Spaniards  west  of  the 
Mississippi,  lii-lx 

Moscoso  de  Alvarado  (Luys  de),  takes 
the  command  on  the  death  of  Soto, 
125,  190 

Musquitos,  an  infinite  swarm  of,  159 


N. 


Nagacahoz,  137 

Kaguatax,  lix,  131-135,  141 

Nandacaho,  xxxii,  197 

Napetuca,  39 

Naquisco^a,  137 

Narvaez  (Pamphilo  de),  his  expedi- 
tion to  Florida  in  1527-8,  xix-xxvi, 
11,  29,  38,  43,  142,  176,  183 

Natchitoches,  lix 

Nicalasa,  82 

Nilco,  xxxii,  hiii,  lix,  116-123, 141-147 

Nisione,  xxxii,  197 

Nissoone,  xxxii,  135 

Nondacao,  xxxii,  135,  136 

Nuttall  (Mr.  T.),  his  travels  into  the 
Arkansa,  xxxvii 


O. 


Ocali,  xxxii ;  probably  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood of  Furl  King,  xxxix 

Ochete,  43 

Ochile,  xxxii,  xxxix 

Ochlockony  Paver,  crossed  by  the 
Spaniards,  xliv 

Ochus,  probably  either  Pensacola,  or 
the  entrance  of  the  Mobile,  xlii,  45 

Ockockona  River,  xli 

Ocute,  xxxii,  xxx^i,  xliv,  xlv,  49,  179 

Ohahichee  Swamp,  xlii 

Okefenokee  River,  xl 

Orange  Lake,  xxxix 

Oro,  Rio  del,  138 

Ortiz  (Juan),  the  interpreter,  29,  173, 
1 74 ;  death  of,  at  Autiamque,  115, 190 

Osachile,  conjectured  by  Fairbanks  to 
be  Suwanee  Old  Town,  xl 

Oscilla  river,  xl,  xli 

Ossachile,  xxxii,  xl 

Otoa,  xliv,  178 

Ouachita  river,  Ivi 


P. 


Pacaha,  xxxii,  93-103,  191 

Pafallaya,  81 

Palache,  xxxix 

Palisema,  hi,  106 

Panuco,  river  and  town,  162-164,  200 

Pai-acossi,  xxxii,  xxxvii,  34,  35 

Pato,  131 

Patofa,  xxxiv,  50 

Pearl  river,  xlix 

Pearls,  found  at  Cutifa-Chiqui,  57 

Pensacola  bay,  discovered  by  Narsaez, 
xxi,  xlii 

Piache,  73 

Pineda  (Alonzo  Alvai'ez  de),  takes  the 
command  of  an  expedition  towards 
Florida  in  1519,  and  afterwards 
coasts  westward  as  far  as  Vera  Cruz, 
xii ;  discovers  the  river  Mississippi, 
xxiii 

Piragua,  meaning  of,  116 

Ponce  de  Leon  (Juan),  discovers  and 
explores  Florida,  x ;  account  of  his 
voyage  and  search  after  the  Foun- 
tain of  Youth,  xi 

Potano,  37 

Q. 

Qiiigalta,  118-121,  150, 153 

Quigate,  hi 

Quigaute,  xxxii,  102-105 

Quiguata,  xxxii,  193 

Quiguate,  Iv 

Quipana,  xxxii,  112,  195 

Quizquiz,  xxxii,  li,  89,  189 


// 


INDEX. 


E. 


Tied  River,  liv-lx 

Rio  de  Espiritu  Santo,  see  Mississippi 

Rio  del  Oro,  138 

Rio  Grande,  see  Mississippi 


S. 


Saba,  St.,  mountains,  Ivii 

Salt  made  by  the  Indians  at  Cayas, 

107,    108  ;     and   at   Cliaguate   and 

Aguacay,  180,  131 
Santa  Cruz  Bay,    Narvaez  lands  his 

army  at,  xix 
Saquechuma,  82 
Seville,    Casa    de    Contratacion,    10 ; 

Xarafe,  described,  14 
Soacatino,  xxxii,  130,  137 
Soto  (Fernando  de),  went  with  Pizarro 

to  the  conquest  of  Peru — appointed 

Governor  of  Cuba,  and  adelantado 

of  Florida,  10;  his  death,  at  Gua- 

choya,  125,  RKJ 
Sparks  (Mr.  Jared),  criticism  on  the 

work  of  the  "  Gentleman  of  Elvas", 

and  on  Garcilasso  de  la  Vega,  xxvii- 

xxix ;  remarks  upon,  xxxi 
Suwanee  river,  xxxix ;  and  Old  Town, 

xl 


T. 


Taguanate,  147 

Tali,  67 

Taliepatava,  81 

Talis e,  xxxii 

Tallahatchy  river,  1 

Tallimuchase,  70 

Tallise,  xxxii ;  lying  at  tlie  elbow  of 

Talapoosa  river,  xlviii,  71 
Tamaoas,  Ix 

Tanico  (TankaAvays?),  Ivi,  107 
Tascalu9a,xxxii;  quotation  from  Bossu 

respecting  its  site,  xlviii,  72 
Tatalicoya,  xxxii,  Ivi,  106 
Tatilcoya,  xxxii,  194 
Tianto,  Iviii,  116 
Tietiquaquo,  113 
Toalli,  xliv,  47 
Toasi,  71 
Tocaste,  35 
Tombigby  river,  xlix 
Tula,  xxxii,  Ivi,  194 
Tulla,  xxxii,  108,  109 
Tutelpinco,  Ivii,  116 


U. 

Uche  river,  xlii 
Ucita,  xxxvii,  24,  25 
UlUbahali,  70 

Urribarracuxi,  xxxii,  xxxvii 
Utiangue,  xxxii,  Ivii 
Utinama,  37 
Uzachil,  xli,  41 
Uzela,  xxxii 

V. 

Vasconcelos  (Andrew  de),  143 

Veachile,  xxxii,  175 

Vega  (Garcilasso  de  la),  his  history  of 
Florida,  v  ;  criticism  on,  by  Mr. 
Sparks,  xxix ;  by  Mr.  Bancroft, 
xxxiii;  his  tendency  to  romance, 
xxxi ;  synoptical  table,  sliowing  his 
extravagancies  in  numbers,  xxxiv 

Velasquez  (Diego),  Governor  of  Cuba, 
23 

Verazzano  (Giovanni  da),  his  disco- 
veries in  the  northern  parts  of 
America,  xix 

Viedma,  see  Biedma 

Villa  farta,  38 

Viranque,  xxxii,  Ivii,  195 

"  Virginia  richly  valued",  1609,  ii ; 
"  Ode  to  the  Virginian  Voyage",  by 
Drayton,  ii,  iii 

Vitachuco,  xxxii ;  probably  about  tif- 
teen  miles  west  of  Fort  ]Mi  canopy, 
xxxix,  43 

W. 

Wahoo  swamp,  xxxviii 
Washita  river,  liii-lv,  lix 
White  river,  liii,  liv 
Withlacoochy  river,  xxxviii 

X. 

Xacatin,  197 

Xarafe  of  Seville,  description  of,  14 

Xuacatino,  xxxii,  197 

Xualla,  xxxii ;  probably  on  the  source 
of  the  CataJiootchee  river,  xlvi ; 
placed  by  Col.  Pickett  in  Haber- 
sham county,  xlvi,  60,  182 


Y. 


Ycasqui,  xxxii,  190 
Ychiaha,  xxxii 
Ytara,  37 
Ytava,  70 
Yustatra,  176 


E  E 


-#-«5S!&J§ 


RETURN     CIRCULATION  DEPARTMENT 

TO— ^      202  Main  Library 


LOAN  PERIOD  1 
-     HOME  USE 

2                                3 

4 

5                                6 

ALL  BOOKS  MAY  BE  RECALLED  AFTER  7  DAYS 

Renewals  and  Recharges  may  be  made  4  days  prior  to  the  due  date. 

Books  may  be  Renewed  by  calling     642-3405. 

DUE  AS  STAMPED  BELOW 

FEB  2 1 1992 

UNIVERSITY  OF  CALIFORNIA,  BERKELEY 
FORM  NO.  DD6                                BERKELEY,  CA  94720 

14  DAY  USE 

RETURN  TO  DESK  FROM  WHICH  BORROWED 

LOAN  DEPT. 

This  book  is  due  on  the  last  date  stamped  below, 
or  on  the  date  to  which  renewed.  Renewals  only- 
Tel.  No.  642-3405 
Renewals  may  be  made  4  days  prior  to  date  due. 
Renewed  books  are  subject  to  immediate  recall. 


'UVI     Zd     1072      \}[: 


ffic.  mm  Hjj  6  72 


REC^DLD    uGV     7  72  >9  RW    9 


FEB  2  5 1987 


BETD      MAR  3  1  1984 


'ftUT0.DlSC0ECl5    Ot^ 


LD21A-40m-3,*72 
(Qll73sl0)476-A-32 


General  Library 

University  of  California 

Berkeley 


^^=^  .f^%^  ^^nf 

p 

K^ 

■5'n^-^  'S^^-*5SJStt:b4 

iM 

ik^grSiC  Asj'^^^S 

& 

.^^^i-j^  sS'  ^^^g^ 

r^ 

,^^^^^M^^M^^r     p 

~c  f'l-^  "^^ 


mr^^ 


UNIVERSITY  OF  CALIFORNIA  LIBRARY 


■  A-^ji 


KM^.,,^^ 


1 

^ 

