RAW DOWNLOAD (complete file, unedited except for this header)
DESCRIPTION: Geiger (trans.), The Martyrs of Florida by Luis Geronimo de Ore (1936), complete uncorrected OCR
URL FETCHED: https://archive.org/download/martyrsofflorida00orel/martyrsofflorida00orel_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
==============================================================================

FRANCISCAN  STUDIES 


No.  18  JULY,  1936 


THE  MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 

(1513-1616) 

BY 

LUIS  ger6nimo  DE  ORE,  O.  F.  M. 

Translated,  with  Biographical  Introduction 
and  Notes 


BT 


MAYNARQ  GEIGER,  O.  F.  M. 

OLD  MISSION,  SANTA  BARBARA,  CAL. 


S O C I ET ATI S 
VER.BI  DIVINI 

chmy. 


FRANCISCAN  STUDIES 


FRANCISCAN  STUDIES 

A series  of  monographs  dealing  with  subjects  of  Franciscan  history 
and  Franciscan  science.  They  are  published  at  irregular  intervals.  The 
following  issues  have  appeared  to  date: 


1.  Science  in  the  Franciscan  Order.  An  Historical  Sketch.  By 

John  M.  Lenhart,  O.  M.  Cap.  I $0.25 

2.  St.  Bonaventure : The  Seraphic  Doctor.  His  Lif  e and  Works. 

By  Ludger  Wegemer,  0.  F.  M.  St.  Bonaventure  on  the 
Knowledge  of  God.  By  Vincent  Mayer,  O.  M.  C $0.25 


3.  The  Origin  and  Development  of  the  Franciscan  School. 

Duns  Scotus  and  St.  Thomas.  Note  on  the  “ Formal  Dis- 
tinction” of  Scotus.  Note  on  the  “Forma  Corporeitatis” 
of  Scotus.  By  Berard  Vogt,  O.  F.  M.,  Ph.  D $0.25 

4.  Ven.  John  Duns  Scotus.  His  Life  and  Works.  By  Edwin 

Dorzweiler,  O.  M.  Cap.,  A.  M.  The  Doctrine  of  Ven.  John 
Duns  Scotus  concerning  the  Causality  of  the  Sacraments. 

By  Raphael  M.  Huber,  0.  M.  C.,  S.  T.  D.  The  Teaching  of 
Ven.  John  Duns  Scotus  concerning  the  Immaculate  Con- 
ception of  Owr  Lady.  By  Vincent  Mayer,  O.  M.  C $0.25 


5.  Language  Studies  in  the  Franciscan  Order.  An  Historical 

Sketch.  By  John  M.  Lenhart,  O.  M.  Cap.  (Out  of  print.)  $0.75 

6.  Franciscan  Mysticism.  A Critical  Examination  of  the  Mys- 

tical Theology  of  the  Seraphic  Doctor , with  Special  Refer- 
ence to  the  Sources  of  His  Doctrines.  (Essay  crowned  by 
Oxford  University.)  By  Dunstan  Dobbins,  O.  M.  Cap., 

B.  Litt.  (Oxon.)  $1.25 

7.  The  History  of  Franciscan  Preaching  and  of  Franciscan 

Preachers  ( 1209-1927 ).  By  Anscar  Zawart,  O.  M.  Cap $1.50 

8.  The  Capuchins  in  French  Louisiana  (1722-1766).  An  Histo- 

rical Sketch  Based  on  Original  Documents.  By  Claude  L. 

Vogel,  O.  M.  Cap.,  Ph.  D.  (Out  of  print.)  $1.50 

9.  Pere  Girard , Educator.  By  Andrew  Maas,  O.  M.  C.r  A.  M.  $0.50 

(Continued,  Next  Page) 


10. 

Ignatius  Cardinal  Persico,  O.  M.  Cap.  By  Donald  Shearer, 
O.  M.  Cap.,  Ph.  D.  Pioneer  Capuchin  Missionaries  in  the 
United  States  (1784-1816).  By  Norbert  Miller,  O.  M. 
Cap.,  A.  M 

$0.75 

11. 

Pontificia  Americana:  A Documentary  History  of  the 

Catholic  Church  in  the  United  States  (1784-1884).  By 
Donald  Shearer,  O.  M.  Cap.,  Ph.  D 

$1.25 

12. 

The  Ludwig-Missionsverein  and  the  Church  in  the  United 
States  (1838-1918).  By  Theodore  Roemer,  O.  M.  Cap., 
Ph.  D.  

$0.75 

13. 

The  Franciscan  Pere  Marquette.  A Critical  Biography  of 
Father  Zenobe  Mernbre , 0.  F.  M.,  La  Salle* s Chaplain  and 
Missionary  Companion  (164.5  ca.-1689).  With  Maps  and 
Original  Narratives.  By  Marion  A.  Habig,  0.  P.  M., 
A.  M 

$1.25 

14. 

Pre-Reformation  Printed  Books.  A Study  in  Statistical  and 
Applied  Bibliography.  By  John  M.  Lenhart,  0.  M.  Cap. 

$1.00 

15. 

Catholic  Leadership  toward  Social  Progress — the  Third  Or- 
der. By  Marion  A.  Habig,  0.  F.  M.,  A.  M 

$0.50 

16. 

Pioneer  Capuchin  Letters.  By  Theodore  Roemer,  0.  M.  Cap.,. 
Ph.  D 

$1.00 

17. 

Roger  Bacon* s Contribution  to  Knowledge.  By  Edward  Lutz, 
0.  F.  M.  Illustrations  by  E.  Katkoski  

$0.50 

18. 

The  Martyrs  of  Florida.  Translated  with  Biographical  In- 
troduction and  Notes,  by  Maynard  Geiger,  0.  F.  M.  

$1.00 

Nos.  1,  2,  3,  4,  each  $2.75  per  dozen;  $20.00  per  hundred.  Nos.  1-13, 
except  Nos.  5 and  8 which  are  out  of  print,  $5.00.  At  all  bookstores  and 
at  the  publishers. 

JOSEPH  F.  WAGNER,  INC.,  PUBL. 
54  Park  Place,  New  York  City 

FRANCISCAN  STUDIES 


No.  18 


JULY,  1936 


THE  MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 

(1513-1616) 

BY 

LUIS  GERONIMO  DE  ORE,  O.  F.  M. 


Translated,  with  Biographical  Introduction 
and  Notes 


BY 

MAYNARD  GEIGER,  O.  F.  M. 

OLD  MISSION,  SANTA  BARBARA,  CAL. 


In  Sanctitate  et  Doati'ina 


NEW  YORK 

JOSEPH  F.  WAGNER.  INC. 


NIHIL  OBSTAT: 


53 


Rev.  Marion  A.  Habig,  O.  F.  M., 

Censor  Deputatus 


IMPRIMI  PERMITTITUR: 

Very  Rev.  Novatus  Benzing,  O.  F.  M., 

Minister  Provincial!* 


NIHIL  OBSTAT: 

Very  Rev.  Msgr.  Amos  E.  Giusti,  J.  C.  D., 

Censor  Librorum 


IMPRIMATUR : 


Most  Rev.  James  A.  Griffin, 

Bishop  of  Springfield  in  Illinois 


July  8,  1936. 


COPYRIGHT,  1936,  BY  REV.  MAYNARD  GEIGER,  0.  F.  M. 


FRANCISCAN  STUDIES 


A series  of  monographs  published  under  the  auspices  of 
the  Franciscan,  Conventual,  and  Capuchin  Fathers  of  the 
United  States  and  Canada. 


BOARD  OF  EDITORS 
Editor-in-chief 

REV.  MARION  A.  HABIG,  0.  F.  M.,  A.  M. 

Associate  Editors 

REV.  ALOYSIUS  M.  FISH,  0.  M.  C.,  Ph.  D. 

REV.  VINCENT  FOCHTMAN,  O.  F.  M.,  Ph.  D. 

REV.  REGINALD  LUTOMSKI,  0.  F.  M. 

REV.  BERARD  VOGT,  0.  F.  M.,  Ph.  D. 

REV.  TURIBIUS  DEAVER,  0.  F.  M. 

REV.  FERDINAND  PAWLOSKI,  0.  F.  M. 

REV.  MAYNARD  GEIGER,  O.  F.  M. 

REV.  BEDE  HESS,  O.  M.  C.,  S.  T.  D. 

REV.  CYRIL  KITA,  0.  M.  C.,  Ph.  D.,  S.  T.  D. 

REV.  SYLVESTER  BRIELMAIER,  0.  M.  Cap.,  J.  C.  D. 
REV.  URBAN  ADELMAN,  O.  M.  Cap.,  J.  C.  D. 


Publication  Office,  54  Park  Place,  New  York,  N.  Y. 


Correspondence  in  regard  to  contributions  should  be  sent 
to  Editorial  Office,  Sacred  Heart  Friary,  1362  Monroe  St., 
N.  E.,  Washington,  D.  C. 


v 


THE  MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


BIOGRAPHICAL  INTRODUCTION 


Fray  Luis  Geronimo  de  Ore,  0.  F.  M.,  the  author  of  the 
Relation  de  los  martires  que  ha  habido  en  las  Provincial  de* 
la  Florida,  is  according  to  Means,  “one  of  the  least  known  and 
least  often  cited  chroniclers  of  Peru.”1  It  might  be  added 
that  anent  Ore’s  Relation,  there  are  few  writers  concerning 
whom  so  many  chaotic  bibliographical  references  have  been 
made  both  in  Spanish  and  English.  If  the  present  transla- 
tion, here  offered  for  the  first  time  in  English,  serves  the 
humble  purpose  of  dispelling  this  chaos,  the  labor  entailed 
in  its  preparation  will  not  have  been  in  vain.  On  the  other 
hand,  the  Relation,  though  relatively  short,  will  be  a means 
of  making  better  known  an  illustrious  and  learned  missionary 
who  in  his  day  was  an  international  figure. 

Father  Ore  was  bom  at  Guamanga,Peru,in  the  year  1554.2 
Don  Antonio  de  Ore  and  Luisa  Diaz  y Rojas  reared  seven  chil- 
dren, four  boys  and  three  girls.  Luis  Geronimo  was  the  third 
of  the  boys.  He  and  his  three  brothers  entered  the  Francis- 
can Order  and  were  ordained  to  the  priesthood.  All  were 
members  of  the  Province  of  the  Twelve  Apostles  in  Peru.  Fa- 
ther Ore’s  three  brothers  were  knowm  as  Fray  Pedro  de  Ore, 
Fray  Antonio  de  Ore  and  Fray  Dionisio  de  Ore.  The  three 
girls  became  Poor  Clares  in  their  native  city,  Guamanga, 
where  Antonio  de  Ore  was  instrumental  in  establishing  a con- 
vent of  that  Order. 

Joined  to  their  ability  in  rendering  plain  chant  and  in 
playing  the  organ,  the  four  brothers  became  indefatigable 
missionaries  among  the  Indians  and  approved  preachers  for 
the  Spaniards.  Fray  Luis  Geronimo  was  destined  to  become 
the  most  famous  of  the  brothers  by  reason  of  his  several 
scholarly  writings.  Among  his  many  offices  may  be  men- 
tioned those  of  preacher  at  Lima,  Cuzco,  Trujillo,  Guanuco, 
and  Arequipa;  parish  priest  at  Collaguas  and  Santiago  de 

ix 


X 


BIOGRAPHICAL  INTRODUCTION 


Coparaque;  guardian  at  Valle  de  Juaja;  guardian  at  Potosi; 
professor  of  Indian  languages  at  Lima.  The  bishop  of  Cuzco, 
Don  Antonio  de  la  Raya,  made  Farther  Ore  pastor  of  an  Indian 
parish  in  that  city.  So  great  an  impression  did  the  friar 
make  on  the  bishop  by  his  eloquence  and  his  skill  in  the  na- 
tive languages,  that  the  latter  requested  the  pope  and  the 
king  to  make  Father  Ore  co-adjutor  of  Cuzco.  No  action,  how- 
ever, was  taken  on  the  bishop's  request.  One  is  not  surprised 
to  learn  that  the  highest  office  of  the  province  was  conferred 
upon  Father  Ore  in  the  form  of  the  provincialate. 

In  1598,  Father  Ore  published  at  Lima,  his  Symbolo  Ca- 
tholico  Indiano  which  contained  an  explanation  of  the  Apos- 
tles', Nicene,  and  Athanasian  Creeds.  This  work  also  included 
a description  of  the  new  world,  together  with  a practical  me- 
dium for  teaching  Christian  doctrine  in  the  Quechua  and  Ay- 
mara  languages3.  In  offering  this  work  to  his  fellow-priests  in 
Peru,  Father  Ore  was  conscious  of  its  utility  for  the  conversion 
and  instruction  of  multitudes  of  aborigines.  He  considered 
himself  a pathfinder  in  that  particular  field  of  religious  writ- 
ing in  the  native  languages  and  humbly  asked  his  readers  to 
overlook  whatever  errors  they  might  find  in  the  volume  pre- 
pared after  much  labor  and  study. 

Fray  Geronimo  de  Valenzuela,  Dominican  prior  of  Parina 
Cocha,  wrote  a dedicatory  sonnet  for  the  Symbolo  wherein  he 
evaluates  the  work  of  the  Franciscan  linguist: 

...  Y si  saber  quisieres  el  camino 
Deste  placido,  ameno  e emplrico  puerto 
Aunque  no  tengas  guia  ni  piloto, 

Fray  Luis  Hieronimo  de  Ore  ques  digno 
De  escelsa  loa,  te  lo  muestra  abierto 
En  tu  lenguaje  con  su  libro  docto.4 

With  the  publication  of  this  volume,  Father  Ore  did  not 
rest  on  his  laurels.  He  had  other  projects  in  mind  but  because 
financial  means  were  lacking,  he  was  hindered  from  having 
other  works  printed.  In  1599,  Fray  Fernando  de  Trejo, 
Franciscan  bishop  of  Tucuman  wrote  to  the  king  of  Spain  that 


BIOGRAPHICAL  INTRODUCTION 


XI 


Father  Ore  was  going  to  that  country  in  order  to  have  some  of 
his  books  published.  On  this  same  occasion  the  bishop  praised 
the  efforts  of  the  zealous  missionary  who  had  preached 
throughout  the  entire  kingdom.5 

In  1604  the  bishop  of  Cuzco  approved  of  another  work  of 
Father  Ore,  entitled  Rituale  sen  Mammle  Peruanum.  This  rit- 
ual or  manual  contained  prayers  in  the  Quechua,  Aymara,  Pu- 
quina,  Mochica,  Guarani,  and  Brazilian  tongues.  It  was  print- 
ed in  Naples  in  1607.  This  work  is  sometimes  referred  to  as 
Manual  de  administrar  los  Sacramentos.  Two  other  works  in 
Indian  by  Father  Ore  are:  Arte  y Bocabulario  en  las  dos  len- 
guas  quichua  y aimara,  and  Sermonario  de  las  dominions  y 
fiestas  del  ano  en  las  dos  lenguas  quichua  y aimara.6 

It  was  probably  in  the  year  1605  that  Father  Ore  travelled 
to  Spain.  Thence  he  went  to  Italy.  At  Alexandria,  in  1606, 
he  published  his  Tratado  sobre  las  indulgencias.  According 
to  Medina  who  cites  the  Franciscan  chronicler  Cordova  y Sa- 
linas, Father  Ore  wrote  the  book  in  Latin  while  in  the  city  of 
Rome.7  In  the  following  year,  his  Rituale , already  mentioned, 
appeared  at  Naples.  It  is  quite  understandable  that  Father 
Ore  became  interested  in  publishing  a life  of  St.  Francis  Sola- 
no, the  great  Franciscan  apostle  of  Peru  and  Tucuman.  In 
Spain  he  had  ample  opportunity  for  gathering  the  necessary 
documents.  This  work  appeared  under  the  title : Relacion  de  la 
uida  y milagros  del  venerable  padre  Fray  Francisco  Solano, 
sometime  between  1614  and  1619.  Another  work  of  Father  Ore 
dealt  with  the  Rosary,  entitled:  Corona  de  la  Sacratisima 

Virgen  Maria.  It  appeared  at  Madrid,  in  1619.8 

The  chief  work  of  this  Peruvian  missionary  in  which  the 
interest  of  this  treatise  centers  is  the  Relacion  de  los  mdrtires 
que  ha  habido  en  las  Provincias  de  la  Florida .9  As  mentioned 
before,  none  of  the  great  bibliographers  of  His  panic- America 
or  of  other  countries  have  offered  any  reliable  evidence  as  to 
the  year  of  its  publication.  The  Relacion  of  Father  Ore  has 
received  prominent  mention  by  bibliographers  and  historians, 
but  owing  to  its  scarcity,  few  if  any  were  able  to  obtain  copies 
of  it  for  personal  perusal  and  citations. 


BIOGRAPHICAL  INTRODUCTION 


xii 

Barcia,10  writes  that  the  Relation:  “se  imprimio  en  Quarto 
el  Ano  de  1604.”  Ruidiaz  y Caravia11  gives  the  year  of  pub- 
lication as  1605.  Pinelo12  cites  the  years  1605  and  1612  (Li- 
ma) referring  obviously  to  two  editions.  Beristain  de  Souza13 
merely  states  that  the  Relation  was  published  various  times. 
Streit14  offers  the  tentative  date  of  1612.  The  great  Medina 
offers  a lengthy  discourse  in  support  of  his  opinion  that  the 
Relation  most  probably  was  not  published  before  the  year 
1612.  “La  indication  del  ano  de  la  publication  de  esta  obra 
es tamos  muy  distantes  de  mirarla  como  segura.”15 

These  various  errors  with  regard  to  the  date  of  publica- 
tion of  the  Relation  are  understandable  enough  when  one  con- 
siders the  rarity  of  the  work.  It  appears,  likewise  that  no 
date  was  attached  to  the  original  printed  edition.  A norm 
for  forming  a judgment  as  to  the  date  of  publication  is  af- 
forded by  the  contents  of  the  Relation  itself.  Most  of  the 
outstanding  bibliographers  were  under  the  impression  that 
Father  Ore  was  never  in  Florida.  This  is  stated  as  probable  by 
Medina.16  Streit  declares:  “aller  Wahrscheinlichkeit  nach, 

war  er  selbst  nicht  in  Florida  gewesen.”17  Means,  who  is  a 
specialist  on  Andean  history  offers  the  following  comments: 
“In  1604  he  [Ore]  had  published  a Relation  de  los  martires 
que  ha  habido  en  la  Florida,  a work  of  some  interest  for  that 
part  of  American  history.  The  fact  that  he,  a Peruvian  born, 
wrote  about  Florida  puts  him  in  the  same  class  as  the  Inca 
Garcilaso,  . . . with  whom,  at  Cordova  in  1612,  he  had  friendly 
and  sympathetic  contact.”18  If  this  were  so,  the  Relation  of 
Ore  would  have  only  a relatively  mediocre  value,  owing  to  the 
supposed  fact  that  Ore  described  a country  he  had  never  vis- 
ited. 

Internal  criticism  of  the  Relation  proves  that  the  work 
could  not  have  been  printed  before  the  year  1617,  for  it  ends 
with  an  account  of  the  second  visitation  of  Father  Ore  to  Flori- 
da in  November  and  December  of  the  year  1616.  This  then  re- 
presents the  terminus  a quo.  The  Relation  discloses  that  Fray 
Francisco  Pareja  was  elected  provincial  of  Florida  in  Decem- 
ber, 1616.  In  the  same  Relation , Father  Ore  states  that  at  the 


BIOGRAPHICAL  INTRODUCTION 


xiii 


time  he  was  writing'  it,  Father  Pareja  was  still  provincial.  In 
view  of  the  fact  that  Father  Ore  left  Spain  in  1620  as  bishop  of 
Concepcion,  Chile,  where  he  was  busily  occupied  in  adminis- 
trative affairs  till  his  death  in  1629,  in  all  likelihood,  the 
Relation  was  published  in  Spain  between  the  years  1617  and 
1620.  This  would  also  coincide  with  the  provincialship  of 
Father  Pareja.  Fray  Atanasio  Lopez,  0.  F.  M.,  of  Santiago  de 
Compostella,  Spain,  who  edited  the  modern  edition  of  the 
Relation  from  which  this  translation  was  made,  declared  to 
the  translator  that  the  Relation  was  not  published  prior  to 
1617,  but  he  was  not  able  to  offer  any  clue  as  to  the  exact  year 
of  the  seventeenth  century  publication.19 

There  remain  for  consideration  the  labors  of  Father  Ore 
from  1612  to  1629.  In  1612  Father  Ore  while  in  Spain  received 
a commission  from  Fray  Antonio  de  Trejo,  commissary-gener- 
al of  the  Indies,  to  recruit  a number  of  friars  for  the  growing 
mission  field  of  Florida.  With  his  usual  energy,  Father  Ore 
gathered  twenty-one  friars  from  the  Province  of  Concepcion, 
and  accompanied  them  as  far  as  Seville.  These  friars  journ- 
eyed to  Florida  under  the  leadership  of  Fray  Lorenzo  Mar- 
tinez. An  interesting  event  occurred  during  that  year.  At 
Cordova,  Father  Ore  visited  his  renowned  countryman,  Garci- 
laso  de  la  Vega.  The  friar  asked  the  Inca  for  some  copies  of  his 
history  of  Florida  so  that  the  new  missionaries  could  acquaint 
themselves  with  the  customs  of  the  natives  to  whom  they 
were  about  to  minister.  The  Inca  graciously  acceded  to  the 
friar’s  request  and  gave  him  several  copies  of  La  Florida  del 
Inca  together  with  several  books  of  the  Commentaries  Reales 
dealing  with  Peru.  This  meeting  is  not  recorded  by  Father  Ore 
but  by  the  Inca  in  the  last-mentioned  work.20  The  Inca  stat- 
ed, likewise  that  at  the  time  Father  Ore  was  uncertain  as  to 
whether  he  was  going  to  accompany  the  friars  to  Florida  as 
commissary  or  remain  in  Spain.  As  a matter  of  fact  he  re- 
mained in  Spain. 

In  1614,  however,  Fray  Juan  de  Vivanco,  commissary- 
general  of  the  Indies,  ordered  Father  Ore  to  go  to  Florida  and 
Cuba  and  make  a visitation  of  the  Province  of  Santa  Elena. 


XIV 


BIOGRAPHICAL  INTRODUCTION 


Father  Ore  complied  with  this  order  and  during  the  same  year 
visited  the  friars  laboring  in  the  territories  now  known  as 
Cuba,  Florida  and  Georgia.  On  this  occasion  he  gathered 
much  valuable  information  in  the  form  of  written  statements, 
on  the  progress  of  the  Indian  missions.  Several  of  these 
sworn  testimonies,  Father  Ore  included  bodily  in  his  Relation. 
After  his  visitation  to  the  mainland,  Father  Ore  returned  to 
Cuba. 

Two  years  later  the  minister-general  of  the  Order,  di- 
rected Father  Ore  to  proceed  to  Florida  once  more  in  order  to 
hold  another  visitation  and  to  conduct  the  canonical  elections. 
On  this  occasion,  the  bishop  of  Cuba,  Fray  Alonso  Henriquez 
de  Toledo,  authorized  Father  Ore  to  visit  Florida  in  the  capac- 
ity of  episcopal  delegate  as  well.  Clothed  with  this  twofold  au- 
thority, Father  Ore  sailed  for  Florida  and  arrived  at  St.  Augus- 
tine on  November  16,  1616.  For  the  next  two  months,  he  was 
busily  engaged  in  visiting  all  the  Indian  missions  of  the  prov- 
ince, conducting  the  visitation  with  apostolic  zeal  as  well  as 
with  becoming  prudence.  He  has  left  us  an  interesting  itin- 
erary of  his  visitation  which  forms  the  final  chapter  of  the 
Relation. 

In  all  probability,  Father  Ore  left  the  West  Indies  for 
Spain  in  the  year  1617.  There  in  1619  he  published  his  Life  of 
St.  Francis  Solano  and  the  work  on  the  Rosary  already  men- 
tioned. On  August  17,  1620  as  a crowning  reward  for  his 
many  useful  labors  Philip  III,  appointed  him  bishop  of  Con- 
cepcion, in  Chile.  Father  Ore  received  episcopal  consecration  in 
Spain  and  set  out  for  his  new  field  of  labor.  On  his  way  to 
Chile,  he  travelled  through  Peru  visiting  the  scenes  of  his 
early  labors  as  well  as  his  friends  and  kinsfolk.  In  1622  he 
took  possession  of  his  cathedral  in  Concepcion.21 

Without  losing  much  time,  Father  Ore  determined  to  jour- 
ney to  the  Chiloe  Indians  for  none  of  his  episcopal  predecessors 
had  ever  visited  that  Indian  territory.  For  an  entire  year,  the 
missionary-bishop  travelled  from  island  to  island  by  canoe, 
attempting  to  bring  the  Indians  of  Chiloe  into  closer  relations 
with  the  Church.  However,  he  found  that  his  new  field  of 


BIOGRAPHICAL  INTRODUCTION 


XV 


labor  was  less  promising  in  spiritual  returns  than  his  native 
Peru.  This  fact,  however,  did  not  dampen  his  ardor.  Re- 
turning to  the  mainland,  Bishop  Ore  visited  his  parishes  to 
the  north.  Philip  IV  consulted  him  as  to  the  best  manner  of 
subjecting  the  militaristic  Araucanians  to  Spain.  He  answered 
the  practical  solution  of  the  difficulty  lay  in  withdrawing  the 
Spanish  troops  from  the  territory  and  sending  in  their  place 
missionaries,  who  would  effect  a spiritual  and  peaceful  con- 
quest. 

Despite  Bishop  Ore's  reputation  for  learning  and  sanctity, 
complaints  reached  Madrid,  that  he  did  not  exercise  the  ne- 
cessary caution  in  ordaining  to  the  priesthood,  men  with  the 
requisite  qualities.  His  conduct  probably,  was  guided  by  his 
zeal  in  desiring  large  conversions  for  the  present,  overlooking 
the  evil  results  that  in  all  probability  would  accrue  to  the 
Church  at  a later  period  by  unfit  or  unworthy  men  exercising 
the  ministry  of  the  priesthood.  The  king  took  cognizance  of 
the  complaint  and  addressed  a cedula  to  Bishop  Ore,  ordering 
him  to  desist  from  his  imprudent  actions  in  that  matter.22  The 
cedula , arrived  too  late,  however,  to  come  into  the  hands  of 
Bishop  Ore,  for  he  died  on  January  31,  1629. 

The  Relation  of  Father  Ore,  though  containing  much  valu- 
able information,  is  of  unequal  value  in  its  parts.  As  a matter 
of  fact  the  first  part  of  the  work  where  Father  Ore  treats  of 
the  early  conquests  of  Florida  prior  to  1565  is  quite  sketchy 
and  contains  a number  of  errors.  The  intrinsic  value  of  the  Re- 
lation lies  in  the  details  concerning  the  missionary  work  of 
the  friars  during  the  early  days,  especially  from  1595  to  1616. 
Therein  is  contained  a veritable  mine  of  information,  some  of 
which  is  obtainable  from  no  other  source.  Father  Ore  has  left 
us  brief  biographical  sketches  of  the  friars  who  went  to  Flori- 
da in  1587  and  in  1595.  Besides  a detailed  account  of  the  Guale 
Revolt  and  the  captivity  of  Father  Avila,  Father  Ore  included 
accounts  of  his  two  formal  visitations,  thus  speaking  with  the 
authority  of  an  eye-witness  of  the  events  he  described. 

The  perusal  of  the  Relation  shows  Father  Ore  to  have 
been  a man  of  careful  inquiry  and  observation.  Though  he  did 


XVI 


BIOGRAPHICAL  INTRODUCTION 


not  witness  the  Guale  Revolt,  he  was  a contemporary  of  it,  and 
was  in  intimate  connection  with  persons  who  gave  reliable  in- 
formation concerning  it.  The  general  tenor  of  his  work 
shows  the  means  he  employed  in  obtaining  his  information. 
For  his  account  of  the  martyrdom  of  the  friars  in  1597,  he 
used  the  Relation  of  Fray  Francisco  Marron  who  was  the 
Franciscan  superior  at  St.  Augustine  at  the  time  of  the  out- 
break. For  his  account  of  the  captivity  of  Father  Avila,  he  used 
the  latter’s  own  description  of  it,  which  was  preserved  in  the 
archives  of  Havana.  In  fact,  he  gives  most  of  Avila’s  Re- 
lation verbatim.  The  same  holds  good  for  the  testimonies  of 
Fathers  Pareja  and  Prieto  given  to  him  in  1614.  On  a num- 
ber of  occasions,  Father  Ore  is  careful  to  distinguish  what  he 
knew  from  documents  or  interviews  and  what  he  had  from 
hearsay.  His  account  of  his  second  visitation  to  Florida  in 
1616  is  most  valuable,  for  he  traversed  the  whole  mission 
area  of  Florida  and  Georgia  on  foot  or  by  means  of  a canoe. 

In  its  own  unpretentious  way,  the  Relation  of  Father  Ore 
takes  its  place  among  the  many  Narratives  and  Histories  of 
the  early  history  of  Florida,  occasioned  by  the  various  military 
exploits  and  religious  crusades  made  by  the  Spaniards  in  that 
region.  For  Franciscan  history  of  the  colonial  period,  the 
Relation  adds  another  interesting  chapter  to  that  far-flung 
spiritual  battle  line  of  the  Franciscan  friars,  which  at  one  time 
or  another  stretched  from  Santa  Elena  on  the  Atlantic  to  San 
Francisco  on  the  Pacific  in  that  area  of  the  United  States 
known  as  the  Spanish  borderlands. 

The  aim  of  the  translator  has  been  to  preserve  carefully 
the  sense  of  the  Spanish  text  in  preference  to  felicity  of  ex- 
pression in  English.  Father  Ore  proves  to  be  very  cryptic  at 
times  in  narrating  events,  and  to  overcome  the  resulting  ob- 
scurity or  incompleteness,  copious  notes  have  been  added.  In- 
terminable Spanish  sentences  have  been  broken  up  into  their 
component  parts.  While  the  Spanish  text  has  captions 
throughout  indicating  chapters,  chapter  numbers  have  been 
added  in  the  translation. 


BIOGRAPHICAL  INTRODUCTION  xvii 

O.  F.  M.,  for  permission  to  translate  the  Relation  into  English. 
0.  F.  M.,  for  permission  to  translate  the  Relation  in  English. 
He  is  grateful  to  Dr.  David  Rubio,  O.  S.  A.,  and  in  particular  to 
Dr.  F.  B.  Steck,  0.  F.  M.,  both  of  the  Catholic  University,  for 
their  many  hours  of  unselfish  labor  expended  in  comparing  the 
Spanish  and  English  texts  as  well  as  for  the  valuable  sugges- 
tions given.  To  Dr.  J.  A.  Robertson,  archivist  of  the  State  of 
Maryland  and  curator  of  the  Spanish  documents  of  the  Florida 
State  Historical  Society,  as  well  as  to  Dr.  J.  T.  Lanning  of 
Duke  University,  the  translator  is  indebted  for  the  use  of  their 
extensive  documentary  material,  needed  for  the  elucidation  of 
the  text,  in  the  critical  notes.  Finally  the  translator  wishes 
to  thank  the  Franciscan  Educational  Conference  for  bringing 
this  work  of  Father  Ore  to  the  attention  of  the  American  pub- 
lic. 

Maynard  Geiger,  O.  F.  M. 
The  Catholic  University  of  America, 

Washington,  D.  C. 

May  4,  1936 

NOTES  TO  INTRODUCTION 

1 Philip  A.  Means,  Biblioteca  Andina  (New  Haven,  1928) , 
p.  423. 

-Most  of  the  facts  relative  to  the  life  of  Father  Ore  were 
obtained  from  Jose  Toribio  Medina,  Diccionario  Biogrdfico  Co- 
lonial de  Chile  (Santiago  de  Chile,  MDCMVI) , pp.  612-615,  and 
Jose  Toribio  Medina,  Biblioteca  Hispano-Chilena,  (1523-1817) 
(Santiago  de  Chile,  1897) , I,  passim , especially  127-132. 

sQueehua  was  spoken  in  the  area  of  Lima  while  Aymara 
was  the  language  of  the  Indians  farther  south.  According  to 
linguists,  these  are  not  only  two  distinct  languages  but  they 
belong  to  two  different  linguistic  families. 

4Cited  from  Medina,  Biblioteca  Hispano-Chilena , I,  86. 
The  author  of  the  dedicatory  sonnet  called  upon  the  Peruvian 
Indians  to  arise  from  the  sleep  of  paganism  and  in  the  light 
of  the  Christian  faith  to  sail  over  a tranquil  sea  to  eternity. 


XViii  BIOGRAPHICAL  INTRODUCTION 

The  translation  of  the  final  words  of  the  sonnet  is  as  follows : 
“And  if  you  should  desire  to  know  the  way  to  this  placid, 
pleasing,  and  empiric  port ; even  if  you  have  neither  guide  nor 
pilot,  Fray  Luis  Geronimo  de  Ore,  who  is  worthy  of  great 
praise,  will  show  it  to  you  clearly  in  your  own  language  by 
means  of  his  learned  book.”  The  use  of  the  adjective  em- 
piric refers  to  the  necessity  of  the  Indians  finding  the  desired 
haven  through  repeated  efforts  coupled  with  the  knowledge 
gained  by  experience. 

5Ibid.,  p.  105. 

QIbid.,  pp.  101-103. 

7Ibid.,  p.  96. 

8Ibid.,  p.  127. 

’The  modem  edition  of  the  Relation  of  Father  Ore  was 
published  in  1931  at  Madrid  by  Fray  Atanasio  Lopez,  0.  F. 
M.,  under  the  title:  Relation  historica  de  la  Florida,  escrita  en 
el  siglo  XVII,  Vol.  I. 

10Ensayo  cronologico  para  la  historia  general  de  la  Flo- 
rida (Madrid,  1723) , p.  181. 

11  La  Florida  su  conquista  y colonization  por  Pedro 
Menendez  de  Aviles  (Madrid,  1893) , II,  p.  733. 

12Epitome,  (Madrid,  1737) , II,  c.  619. 

13Biblioteca  Hispano  Americana  Septentrional  (2  edit., 
Mexico,  1883) , II,  359. 

^Biblioteca  Missionum  (Aachen,  1924),  II,  394. 

15Medina,  Biblioteca  Hispano-Chilena,  I,  114. 

16Ibid.,  p.  115. 

17Biblioteca  Missionum,  II,  395. 

18Biblioteca  Andina,  p.  424. 

19Letter  of  Fray  Atanasio  Lopez  to  the  translator,  Santia- 
go de  Compostella,  May  14,  1935. 

20  Commentaries  Reales  (Madrid,  1723),  p.  460. 

21Medina,  Biblioteca  Hispano-Chilena,  I,  129-130. 

22Medina,  Diccionurio  Biogrdfico  Colonial  de  Chile , p.  615. 


CONTENTS 


Page 

Biographical  Introduction ix 

Translation  of  Original  Title  Page 1 

Chapter 

I  3 

II  The  Arrival  of  the  Adelantado,  Diego  (Pedro) 
Menendez  Valdez,  in  Florida  and  the  Events 
That  Took  Place  There  15 

III  The  Discovery  of  Jacan,  and  the  Martyrdom 

of  Twelve  Religious  of  the  Society  of  Jesus  20 

IV  The  Discovery  of  the  Treachery  of  the  Indians 

and  of  the  Death  of  the  Religious  28 

V Rebellion  of  the  Indians  of  Santa  Elena  and 

Guale  33 

VI  The  Appointment  of  Pedro  Menendez  Marques 

to  the  Governorship  of  Florida;  the  Reli- 
gious of  St.  Francis  who  Set  Out  for  the 
Conversion  of  the  Natives  ; and  an  Account 
of  Jacan 41 

VII  An  Account  of  the  Death  of  Five  Martyrs  and 

of  the  Sufferings  of  One  Confessor,  Reli- 
gious of  the  Order  of  Our  Holy  Father  St. 
Francis,  in  Florida 66 


XIX 


XX 


CONTENTS 


Chapter  Page 

VIII  Narrative  of  the  Great  Hardships  which  Fa- 
ther Avila  Endured  During  the  Year  and  a 
Half  in  Which  He  Was  Captive  Among  the 
Rebel  Indians,  and  of  the  Death  and  Martyr- 
dom of  Father  Verascola,  a Native  of 
Vizcaya  87 

IX  How  the  Indians  of  the  Province  of  Guale 
were  Brought  Into  Subjection.  Concerning 
the  Great  Success  of  the  Religious  in  the 
Conversion  of  the  Indians  of  Florida 100 

X  Other  Things  That  Happened  to  the  Religious 
in  This  Mission  Field  ; An  Account  of  the 
Great  Province  of  Apalache 112 

XI  Concerning  the  First  Provincial  Chapter  of 
This  Province  of  Florida  and  the  Status  and 
Disposition  of  Its  Affairs 125 


An  Account  of  the  Martyrs  of  the  Provinces  of 
Florida  : Twelve  Religious  of  the  Society  of  Jesus,  who 

SUFFERED  IN  JACAN,  AND  FIVE  OF  THE  ORDER  OF  OUR  SERAPHIC 

Father  Saint  Francis,  in  the  Province  of  Guale.  Of- 
fered also,  is  a Description  of  Jacan  where  the  English 

HAVE  FORTIFIED  THEMSELVES;  AND  OF  OTHER  MATTERS  RELA- 
TIVE to  the  Conversion  of  the  Indians. 


Written  by  Father  Luis  Hieronimo  de  Ore,  Lector  of 
Theology  and  Commissary  of  the  Province  of  Santa  Elena  of 
Florida  and  the  Island  of  Cuba, 


I 


In  the  year  1513, 1 before  any  other  Spaniard,  Juan  Ponce 
de  Leon  who  was  of  knightly  rank,  and  a native  of  the  city  of 
Leon,2  and  who  had  been  governor  of  the  island  of  San  Juan 
de  Puerto  Rico,  discovered  the  coast  and  mainland  of  the  king- 
dom of  Florida.  Because  he  discovered  it  on  Easter  Sunday 
(which  fell  on  the  27th  of  March)  he  bestowed  the  name 
Florida  upon  it,  for  among  Spaniards  this  most  solemn  day 
is  called  Pascua  Florida.  He  found  it  lying  north  of  the  island 
of  Cuba.  He  was  satisfied  with  having  discovered  it,  just  as 
in  other  regions  others  were  engaged  in  the  discovery  of  vari- 
ous islands  and  countries.3 

Such  was  the  case  of  the  island  of  Madeira,  discovered  by 
the  Infante  Don  Enrique,4  son  of  the  King  of  Portugal.  A 
learned  man  and  an  accomplished  mathematician,  the  Infante 
due  to  his  studious  enterprises  succeeded  in  reaching  still  oth- 
er lands.  At  his  own  expense  he  caused  maritime  enterprises 
to  be  undertaken  from  Portugal  to  Madeira  and  other  islands 
of  that  region,  where,  pious  prince  that  he  was,  he  had  the 
faith  of  Christ  preached,  about  the  year  1490.5 

It  was  he  who  awakened  the  desires  of  Christopher  Co- 
lumbus, who  two  years  afterwards6  set  out  from  Spain,  sent 
by  the  Catholic  Kings.  He  discovered  Hispaniola,  called 
Femandina,7  and  peopled  the  city  of  Santo  Domingo,8  a rich 
port.  The  other  islands:  Cuba,  Jamaica,  and  all  those  of 
Barlovento9  were  discovered,  then  conquered  and  settled  by 
Spaniards.  Before  the  arrival  of  the  Spaniards,  they  were  in- 
habited by  innumerable  Indians,  who,  in  all  parts  of  these  is- 
lands, have  dwindled  and  died.10 

Juan  Ponce  de  Leon  returned  some  years  afterwards11  to 
Florida  by  virtue  of  the  favor  which  the  Catholic  Kings  grant- 
ted  him  to  govern  and  conquer  it.  When  he  landed,  the  In- 
dians resisted  him  and  struggled  valorously  against  him  until 

3 


4 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


they  routed  him  and  killed  nearly  all  his  soldiers.  Only  seven 
escaped,  among  whom  was  Juan  Ponce.12 

After  this  a pilot  named  Miruelo,13  the  owner  of  a caravel, 
reached  Florida  owing  to  a storm  which  took  him  thither. 
However,  he  neglected  to  survey  the  land  and  take  the  latitude, 
which  he  should  have  done  by  reason  of  his  office. 

At  the  same  time,14  Lucas  Vasquez  de  Ayllon,  oidor 15  of 
the  Royal  Audiencia  of  Santo  Domingo  and  judge  of  the  ap- 
pellate court  (an  institution  in  vogue  on  the  island  before  the 
establishment  of  the  Audiencia )16  with  six  companions,  armed 
two  ships17  and  sailed  through  those  islands.  Their  purpose 
was  to  search  for  and  bring  back  Indians  in  order  to  make 
them  work  in  the  gold  mines  which  they  conjointly  owned. 
The  ships  arrived  in  a storm  at  a cape  which  they  called  Santa 
Elena18  because  it  was  her  feast-day.  The  Spaniards  landed 
at  a river  which  they  called  Jordan  because  this  was  the  name 
of  the  mariner  who  first  saw  it.19 

Soon  the  Indians  approached  them  to  see  the  ships, 
startled  over  a thing  for  them  so  strange  and  novel.  Indians 
and  Spaniards  treated  each  other  in  a friendly  manner  so  that 
the  Spaniards  succeeded  in  inviting  the  Indians  to  enter  their 
ships  and  see  what  they  had  brought  in  them.20  More  than 
a hundred  and  thirty  Indians  went  aboard.  When  the  Span- 
iards saw  them  go  below  the  decks,  they  shipped  anchor  and 
took  to  sail  for  Santo  Domingo.  One  of  the  two  ships  was 
lost,  but  the  Indians  who  remained  in  the  other,  although  they 
arrived  at  Santo  Domingo,  preferred  to  die  of  grief  and  hun- 
ger, for  they  refused  to  eat,  enraged  over  the  deceit  practiced 
on  them  under  the  guise  of  friendship.21 

In  the  year  1524, 22  the  oidor , Lucas  Vasquez  de  Ayllon, 
armed  three  ships  in  Santo  Domingo.  Meanwhile,  Emperor 
Charles  V honored  him  with  the  habit  of  the  Order  of  Santiago 
and  bestowed  on  him  the  title  of  Governor  of  the  province  of 
Chicora,  that  province  which  the  pilot  Miruelo  discovered,  but 
who  neglected  to  determine  its  latitude  and  take  its  position. 
One  of  the  ships  was  lost  in  the  River  Jordan  but  again  joined 
the  company  of  the  other  two  along  the  coast,  and  reached  a 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


5 


pleasant  stretch  of  country.  The  (ricLor  commanded  two  hun- 
dred soldiers  to  land  in  order  to  go  and  see  the  Indian  town 
which  was  three  leagues  inland.  The  natives  regaled  the 
Spaniards  with  festivities  and  dances  which  lasted  for  three 
days.  Then  one  night,  the  Indians  suddenly  slew  them  all, 
whereby  they  avenged  themselves  for  the  former  trick  of  the 
Spaniards,  when  these  carried  off  the  Indians  to  mine  gold.23 

In  the  year  1539,  by  order  of  Don  Antonio  de  Mendoza, 
viceroy  of  New  Spain,  Captain  Juan  Vasquez  Coronado24  set 
out  to  explore  Florida,  He  discovered  and  explored  much  ex- 
cellent land  but  was  unable  to  colonize  it  owing  to  many  diffi- 
culties. About  the  very  same  time,25  Panfilo  de  Narvaez  en- 
tered and  explored  Florida,  but  he  with  all  the  Spaniards  who 
accompanied  him  were  lost,  except  Alvar  Nunez  Cabeza  de  Va- 
ca  and  three  other  Spaniards.26  To  these  God  gave  such  aid 
that  among  those  infidels,  they  worked  miracles  in  the  name 
of  Christ,  as  Father  Joseph  de  Acosta  in  his  book,  De  Natura 
novi  orbis,  and  other  writers  regard  them.27 

In  the  same  year  1539,  Hernando  de  Soto  went  to  Florida 
with  the  title  of  adelantado ,28  He  had  been  a resident  of  the 
city  of  Cuzco  and  was  one  of  the  first  and  oldest  conquerors  of 
Peru.  De  Soto  was  with  Marquis  Pizarro  at  Cassamarca  in 
the  prison  of  Atahualpa  Inca.  Because  De  Soto  was  the  first 
Spaniard  who  saw  him  and  spoke  to  him,  he  entertained  an 
affection  for  him.29  Powerful  king  that  he  was,  and  though 
a prisoner  in  his  own  house  and  country,  through  the  audacity 
of  those  few  and  valiant  men,  he  gave  him  rich  presents  and 
keepsakes.  With  these  and  the  part  which  fell  to  him  owing 
to  the  imprisonment  and  despoliation  of  so  powerful  a king, 
he  returned  to  Spain  and  went  to  his  own  district  which  was 
Villanueva  de  Barcarrota,30  having  in  his  possession  a hundred 
thousand  ducats.31  This  amount  made  him  a very  rich  man, 
for  at  that  time  there  was  not  in  Spain  so  much  gold  and  silver 
as  was  brought  in  later. 

Not  satisfied  with  the  hardships  endured  in  the  conquest 
of  Peru,  he  wished  to  undertake  similar  hazards.  So  with  in- 
sistence, he  entreated  Emperor  Charles  of  glorious  memory, 


6 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


that  when  he  would  hold  his  court  at  Valladolid,  he  should 
grant  him  the  favor  of  conquering  the  kingdom  of  Florida. 
This  he  wished  to  accomplish  at  his  own  expense  and  risk. 
For  this  purpose  he  was  willing  to  spend  his  fortune  and  life 
in  the  service  of  the  king.  This  favor  was  granted  with  the 
result  that  he  came  in  the  year  1539  with  seven  galleons  and 
nine  hundred  and  fifty  Spaniards,  not  counting  the  sailors  and 
naval  officers  who  formed  a great  number.32  Besides,  there 
were  secular  priests,  and  religious  of  the  Orders  of  St.  Do- 
minic and  St.  Francis,  and  a Trinitarian.33  On  the  island  of 
Cuba  more  people  joined  him,  among  whom  was  a knight,  a 
conqueror  of  the  island,  named  Vasco  Porcallo  de  Figueroa. 
Him  he  made  captain-general  of  the  whole  army. 

The  armada  arrived  at  the  Bay  of  Espiritu  Santo,  at  a 
place  the  Indians  called  Pohoi.  From  here  he  commenced  the 
discovery  and  conquest  of  very  great  provinces,  such  as 
Apalache  and  Acuera,  Avinu  and  others  through  which  he  en- 
tered Apalache.  Going  on  great  journeys  he  came  upon  and 
conquered  the  provinces  up  to  the  Great  River34  where  he  died. 
Amid  tears  of  sorrow  they  buried  him  in  the  middle  of  the 
river,  in  a tree,  hollowed  in  the  manner  of  a coffin  which  they 
covered  with  wood;  and  with  a heavy  trunk  of  oak,  they  low- 
ered him  to  the  bottom  of  the  river,  lest  the  Indians,  in  mock- 
ery, cut  his  remains  to  pieces.35  The  governor  who  succeeded 
him,  and  whom  De  Soto  had  appointed  before  his  death,36  to- 
gether with  the  captains  and  the  other  people,  set  out  over 
unknown  lands  to  the  city  of  Mexico  where  they  separated  and 
went  to  live  in  different  parts  of  that  kingdom".37 

Although  both  Spaniards  and  Indians  (who  are  very  war- 
like, of  unconquerable  spirits,  and  valiant  warriors)  performed 
great  military  deeds,  encountered  huge  difficulties  and  suf- 
fered hunger  and  fatigue, — things  worthy  of  honor  and  ever- 
lasting memory — it  was  not  God's  will  that  with  such  a large 
body  of  soldiers  and  horses,  they  should  settle  any  part  of 
that  kingdom ; but  rather,  being  continually  on  the  move,  they 
were  always  discovering  new  lands  and  great  provinces  thickly 
populated  with  Indians. 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


7 


When  the  death  of  the  adelantado,  De  Soto,  became  known 
Emperor  Charles  V in  the  year  1549, 38  sent  thither  a religious 
of  the  Order  of  St.  Dominic,  Fray  Luis  Cancel,39  as  superior  of 
the  other  religious  of  his  Order.40  These  offered  their  services 
as  preachers  to  reduce  those  peoples  to  the  obedience  of  the 
Church  and  the  King.  Coming  to  Florida  they  set  on  land  and 
commenced  to  preach  to  the  natives.  These  Indians,  apprized 
by  past  experience  with  the  Spaniards,  without  waiting  or 
wishing  to  listen  to  them,  killed  Fray  Luis  and  two  of  his 
companions.41  The  others  made  for  the  ship  and  returned  to 
Spain  where  they  gave  an  account  of  the  fierceness  of  those 
barbarous  Indians. 

Also,  certain  French  ships  endeavored  to  enter  the  king- 
dom of  Florida.  They  anchored  in  the  Bay  of  San  Mateo  where 
they  set  up  a monument  to  the  King  of  France.  It  was  a very 
high  shaft  and  on  it  they  placed  an  escutcheon  of  the  arms  and 
the  fleur-de-lis  of  France.  When  the  King  of  Spain  was  ad- 
vised of  this,  he  ordered  the  governor  of  Havana,  Diego 
Mazariegos,  to  send  someone  to  tear  down  the  shaft  and  the 
escutcheon.  Hernan  Manrique  de  Rojas,  a knight  of  the  king- 
dom of  Toledo,  was  chosen  to  do  this.  He  went  to  Florida  and 
cut  down  the  shaft  and  threw  it  upon  the  ground.  He  took 
away  the  coat-of-arms  and  frustrated  the  hope  of  more 
Frenchmen  returning  to  that  place.  This  happened  in  the 
year  1554.42  Yet  ten  years  afterwards,43  the  French  insisted 
on  entering  and  settling  there.  What  happened  to  them  will 
be  seen  in  the  following  chapter. 

NOTES 

1 

historians  with  few  exceptions,  till  about  fifty  years 
ago,  gave  the  year  of  Ponce  de  Leon's  discovery  of  Florida  as 
1512.  Garcilaso  de  la  Vega,  in  La  Florida  del  Inca , (Madrid, 
1728),  p.  3,  distinctly  says  that  Easter  Day  on  which  Florida 
was  discovered,  “fue  el  ano  de  mil  quinientos  y trece,  que  se- 


8 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


gun  los  Computistas  se  celebro  aquel  ano  a los  veinte  y siete  de 
Margo.”  Fray  Luis  Geronimo  de  Ore  obtained  his  knowledge 
of  the  correct  year  of  Florida's  discovery  from  the  Inca  whom 
he  met  at  Cordova,  Spain  in  the  year  1612.  Father  Ore,  a cre- 
ole and  native  of  Peru  wras  naturally  interested  in  meeting  his 
renowned  countryman,  whose  writings  even  today  are  inval- 
uable. At  that  time  Father  Ore  was  engaged  in  sending  to 
Florida  some  Franciscan  friars.  He  asked  the  Inca  for  some 
copies  of  his  history  of  that  country.  To  this  request  the  Inca 
responded  by  giving  to  Father  Ore,  three  copies  of  La  Florida 
del  Inca,  and  four  copies  of  the  Commentaries  Reales , relating 
to  the  history  of  Peru.  Vide  Commentaries  Reales  (Madrid, 
1728),  p.  460.  Also,  Barcia,  Ensayo  Cronologico  para  la  his- 
toric.i general  d,e  la  Florida  (Madrid,  1728) , p.  181.  La  Florida 
del  Inca  was  first  published  at  Lisbon  in  1605;  the  Commen- 
taries Reales,  at  Lisbon,  in  1609.  The  patent  authorizing 
Ponce  de  Leon  “to  discover  and  settle  the  Islands  of  Beniny” 
was  signed,  February  23,  1512.  It  was  physically  impossible 
for  this  patent  to  reach  the  navigator  in  time  to  enable  him 
to  fit  out  his  vessels  and  discover  Florida  by  March  27  of  the 
same  year.  A concise  explanation  of  how  modem  historians 
have  solved  the  problem  and  determined  the  date  of  discover}" 
as  1513  is  contained  in  Frederick  Davis,  “The  Record  of  Ponce 
de  Leon's  Discovery  of  Florida,  1513,”  The  Florida  Historical 
Society  Quarterly,  XI  (1932),  14-15. 

2Garcilaso  de  la  Vega,  in  La  Florida  del  Inca,  p.  3,  writes 
that  Ponce  de  Leon  was  a “Cavallero  Natural  del  Reyno  de 
Leon.”  Lowery,  citing  Herrera,  says  he  was  '‘a  native  of  San 
Servas  in  the  province  of  Campos  and  the  kingdom  of  Leon.” 
Cf.  The  Spanish  Settlements  within  the  Present  Limits  of 
the  United  States,  1513-1561  (New  York,  1901),  p.  131.  (Cited 
hereinafter  as  Spanish  Settlements , I) . 

3This  sentence  of  Father  Ore,  “he  was  satisfied  with  hav- 
ing discovered  it,”  is  more  clearly  expressed  by  the  Inca:  “Con- 
tentose  Juan  Ponce  de  Leon  solo  con  ver  que  era  Tierra  Firme, 
6 Isla,  vino  a Espafia.”  La  Florida  del  Inca,  p.  3. 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


9 


*Prince  Henry  of  Portugal,  commonly  known  as  the  Navi- 
gator, 

5Father  Ore  is  in  error  here.  He  misses  the  date  of  Prince 
Henry's  death  by  thirty  years!  Prince  Henry  died  November 
13,  1460,  Arthur  Helps,  The  Spanish  Conquest  in  America 
(New  York,  1900),  I,  39.  note.  See  also:  Atanasio  Lopez,  0.  F. 
M.,  ed.,  Relacion  historica  de  la  Florida  escrita  en  el  siglo 
XVII  (Madrid,  1931),  I,  56,  note.  He  writes:  “El  Infante  D. 
Enrique,  ilamado  el  Navegante,  murio  el  13  re  noviembre  de 
1460/’  He  cites  as  his  authority  the  work  of  D.  Antonio  Cae- 
tano  de  Sousa,  Historia  geneologica  de  Casa  Real  Portugeza 
(Lisbon,  1736) , II,  110.  This  work  of  Lopez  will  be  cited  here- 
inafter as  Relacion  historica. 

' Thirty-two  years  afterwards.  Cf.  note  5. 

7The  island  was  called  Isla  Espanola  by  Columbus.  Fer- 
nandina  was  the  name  given  to  Cuba,  though  not  from  the 
beginning. 

8The  city  of  Santo  Domingo  was  founded  by  Bartholomew 
Columbus  in  1496  during  Christopher’s  absence  in  Spain.  San- 
to Domingo  is  the  oldest  European  settlement  in  the  Amer- 
icas. 

Barlovento,  or  the  Lesser  Antilles  were  known  to  the 
Spaniards  but  no  settlements  of  account  were  made  on  them. 

10By  the  time  of  Father  Ore’s  visit  to  the  Caribbean,  the  is- 
lands of  the  area  had  declined  in  prosperity  and  population  for 
a number  of  reasons : the  greater  attractions  of  the  continent, 
especially  Mexico  and  Peru ; the  death  of  the  Indians ; and  the 
inroads  made  by  foreign  filibusters.  See:  Bolton  and  Marshall, 
The  Colonization  of  North  America,  1492-1783  (New  York, 
1932),  p.  67. 

"In  1521. 

12Ponce  de  Leon  died  in  Cuba  shortly  after  returning  from 
Florida.  His  death  resulted  from  an  arrow  wound  received  in 
the  encounter  with  the  Floridian  Indians. 

13Diego  de  Miruelo,  in  1516. 

14This  expedition  was  sponsored  by  Vasquez  de  Ayllon, 


10 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


who,  however,  remained  at  home.  The  pilot  of  the  expedition 
was  Francisco  de  Gordillo. 

15 An  auditor  of  the  court. 

16“In  1511,  a tribunal  of  independent  royal  judges  was 
constituted  in  the  colony  of  Espanola  to  try  cases  appealed 
from  the  town  magistrates  and  the  governor.”  Charles  H. 
Cunningham,  The  Audiencia  in  the  Spanish  Colonies  (Univ.  of 
Calif.  Publications  in  History , Berkeley,  1919) , IX,  10-11.  The 
usual  date  given  for  the  establishment  of  the  audiencia  is  Sep- 
tember 14,  1526.  That  the  audiencia  existed  earlier,  however, 
is  very  probable.  Vide  Cunningham,  op.  cit.  p.  19,  note. 

17Ayllon  sent  one  ship.  The  two  vessels  are  explained  by 
the  fact  that  Gordillo  was  joined  by  Pedro  Quexos  in  the  Lu- 
cayas.  Quexos  had  been  out  on  the  Carib  hunting  expedition 
and  was  returning  home  when  he  met  Gordillo.  Lowery,  Span- 
ish Settlements,  I,  154-155. 

18Santa  Elena  was  not  named  on  this  occasion,  but  later 
by  one  of  Ayllon’s  pilots.  Mary  Ross,  “The  Spanish  Settle- 
ment of  Santa  Elena  (Port  Royal)  in  1578,”  The  Georgia  His- 
torical Quarterly,  IX  (1925),  352. 

19  Jordan  was  one  of  the  captains  of  the  second  Ay  lion  ex- 
pedition in  1526.  Lowery,  Spanish  Settlements,  I,  165. 

20Not,  however,  before  the  Indians  took  to  flight  at  the 
appearance  of  the  well  dressed  Spaniards.  The  Spaniards  pur- 
sued them  and  captured  two.  These  were  sent  back  to  call 
the  others.  Confidence  was  then  restored.  Lowery,  Spanish 
Settlements,  I,  155-156. 

21Lowery,  citing  Gomara  says  the  same.  Hunger  strikes 
in  modem  times  are  nothing  new.  Nor  was  this  the  first 
time  Indians  preferred  death  to  submission.  Spanish  Settle- 
ments, I,  157. 

22Quexos  who  went  ahead  of  the  main  expedition  in  1525 
had  two  ships.  When  Ayllon  sailed  in  July,  1526,  he  had  six 
ships.  Lowery,  Spanish  Settlements,  I,  164. 

23This  story  of  poetic  justice  is  given  by  Garcilaso  de  la 
Vega,  La  Florida  del  Inca,  p.  4.  Ayllon’s  colony  failed  be- 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


11 


cause  of  the  cold  winter  and  lack  of  food.  Ayllon  himself  died, 
and  after  that,  internal  dissension  completed  the  ruin. 

24The  explorer's  name  was  Francisco  Vasquez  de  Coronado 
as  given  by  Pedro  de  Castaneda,  who  accompanied  the  Coro- 
nado expedition  and  who  became  its  historian.  Father  Ore 
writes  that  Coronado  set  out  to  discover  Florida.  The  regions 
north  of  Mexico  were  known  only  in  a hazy  manner,  while  the 
Florida  of  that  day  included  all  the  hinterland:  from  Newfound- 
land to  Texas.  One  has  only  to  read  Barela's  Ensayo  Crono- 
logico  and  the  documents  of  the  period  to  realize  what  a wide 
extent  Florida  had.  Pedro  de  Castaneda  in  his  narrative  of 
the  Coronado  expedition,  throws  light  on  the  hazy  ideas  en- 
tertained at  the  time  with  regard  to  the  geography  of  the 
north.  Concerning  New  Mexico  he  writes:  “For  example, 

some  make  it  an  uninhabitable  country,  others  have  it  border- 
ing on  Florida,  and  still  others  on  Greater  India,  which  does 
not  appear  to  be  a slight  difference."  Cf.  F.  W.  Hodge,  ed. 
Spanish  Explorers  in  the  Southern  United  States , 1528-1 5 AS 
(New  York,  1907),  p.  282. 

25In  1528. 

26Cabeza  de  Vaca,  Dorantes,  Maldonado  and  Esteven,  the 
negro.  They  reached  Mexico  in  1586.  Too  often  it  is  for- 
gotten that  there  was  a fifth  survivor,  Juan  Ortiz  who  had 
been  left  in  Florida  and  who  was  rescued  by  the  members  of 
the  De  Soto  expedition.  Vide  Francis  Borgia  Steck,  “ ‘Cap- 
tain John  Smith’  in  Florida,"  Franciscan  Herald , XXIV  (1986) 
81-88  and  104-107. 

27Cabeza  de  Vaca's  account  of  the  cures  among  the  Indians 
is  given  in  his  own  narrative.  Vide  F.  W.  Hodge,  ed.,  Span- 
ish Explorers  in  the  Southern  United  States  1528-15 AS,  pp. 
76-78.  For  an  interesting  discussion  of  the  reputed  cures,  see 
Lowery,  Spanish  Settlements  I,  456-457.  Acosta  in  his  Historia 
natural  y moral  de  las  Indias  (Madrid,  1894),  writes  about 
Cabeza  de  Vaca  and  the  circumstances  of  the  cures.  Acosta, 
op  cit.,  II,  847-348.  Acosta's  work  appeared  at  Salamanca  in 
1589  in  Latin,  and  at  Seville  in  1590  in  Spanish.  It  has  since 
appeared  in  a number  of  editions.  As  the  title  indicates, 


12 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


Acosta's  Historia  natural  y moral  is  physical  and  ethnical 
rather  than  political  and  military.  His  purpose  was  to  pre- 
sent a history  of  the  Indians  themselves  as  well  as  to  make 
known  the  causas  y razon  of  the  new  and  strange  things  in 
the  Indies,  Acosta,  op.  cit.,  I,  xiii. 

28The  asiento  and  capitulacion  between  the  emperor  and 
De  Soto  were  executed  at  Valladolid,  April  20,  1537.  Lowery, 
Spanish  Settlements,  I,  215. 

29From  Cassamarca  or  Cajamarca,  Pizarro  sent  Hernando 
de  Soto  with  thirty  horsemen  ahead  to  interview  Atahualpa. 
Writers  disagree  as  to  the  manner  in  which  Atahualpa  received 
De  Soto.  Philip  A.  Means,  Fall  of  the  Inca  Empire  and  the 
Spanish  Rule  in  Peru:  1530-1780  (New  York,  1932),  p.  30. 
After  Atahualpa’s  capture,  De  Soto  stoutly  opposed  having  the 
Inca  murdered.  The  murder  was  accomplished  in  De  Soto's 
absence.  Against  this  act  he  registered  his  fierce  protest. 
Means,  op.  cit.  pp.  44-45. 

30Villanueva  de  Barcarrota  is  in  the  province  of  Badajoz 
in  southwestern  Spain,  adjoining  Portugal. 

31  From  Atahualpa’s  ransom,  Pizarro  and  the  conquerors 
were  able  to  obtain  1,326,539  pesos  in  gold  and  51,610  marks 
of  silver.  From  this  amount  was  deducted  the  royal  fifth 
which  was  sent  to  Spain.  Means,  Fall  of  the  Inca  Empire, 
p.  36.  Garcilaso  de  la  Vega  writes  that  De  Soto  received  over 
100,000  ducats.  Father  Ore's  statements  as  well  as  some  of  his 
phrases  are  taken  from  La  Florida  del  Inca,  pp.  1-2. 

32This  number  is  given  in  La  Florida  del  Inca,  p.  9.  The 
Gentleman  of  Elvas  says:  “Six  hundred  men  in  all  followed 

him  to  Florida."  T.  H.  Lewis,  ed.,  Spanish  Explorers  in  the 
Southern  United  States,  p.  139. 

33One  of  the  purposes  of  the  De  Soto  expedition  was  the 
conversion  of  the  natives  of  Florida.  This  purpose  was  ex- 
pressed in  the  royal  grant.  Twelve  priests  in  all  accompanied 
De  Soto,  eight  of  whom  were  secular  priests,  and  four  of  whom 
belonged  to  religious  Orders.  The  names  of  only  four  secular 
priests  have  come  down  to  us:  Rodrigo  de  Gallegos,  Diego 

de  Banuelos,  Francisco  del  Poqo,  Dionisio  de  Paris.  Luis  de 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


13 


Soto  and  Joan  de  Gallegos  were  Dominicans;  Juan  de  Torres 
was  a Franciscan ; and  Francisco  de  la  Rocha  was  a Trinitarian. 
La  Florida  del  Inca,  p.  9.  For  details  of  the  religious  aspects 
of  the  expedition,  vide  F.  B.  Steck,  0.  F.  M.,  “Neglected  As- 
pects of  the  De  Soto  Expedition,”  Mid-America,  IV  (1932), 
3-26. 

34The  Mississippi. 

35Garcilaso  de  la  Vega  gives  a very  detailed  account  of  De 
Soto’s  burial.  He  was  first  buried  in  the  earth  and  later  low- 
ered into  the  Mississippi.  La  Florida  del  Inca,  pp.  208-209. 

36When  he  felt  death  coming  on,  De  Soto  named  Luis  de 
Moscoso  de  Alvarado  as  his  successor  and  commanded  the  of- 
ficers of  the  expedition  to  obey  him  until  the  king  of  Spain 
should  ordain  otherwise.  La  Florida  del  Inca,  p.  207. 

37Some  of  the  remaining  members  of  the  expedition 
stayed  in  Mexico  but  the  majority  went  to  Peru.  La  Florida 
del  Inca,  p.  264. 

38The  royal  cedula  giving  Fray  Luis  Cancer  permission  to 
go  to  Florida  was  given  to  him  December  28,  1547.  Lowery, 
Spanish  Settlements,  I,  417. 

39The  usual  form  in  which  the  friar’s  name  is  found  is 
Cancer.  His  full  name  was  Fray  Luis  Cancer  de  Barbastro. 
He  was  an  Aragonese.  Lowery,  Spanish  Settlements,  I,  411. 

40Those  who  accompanied  Fray  Luis  were:  Fray  Gregorio 
de  Beteta,  Fray  Juan  Garcia,  and  Fray  Diego  de  Tolosa.  A 
fourth  member  was  an  oblate  named  Fuentes.  Lowery,  Span- 
ish Settlements,  I,  418. 

41Fray  Luis  Cancer,  Fray  Juan  Garcia  and  the  oblate  were 
the  three  who  were  killed  by  the  Indians.  Lowery,  Spanish 
Settlements,  I,  421-427. 

42The  French  made  their  first  settlement  along  the  Florida 
coast  in  1562  under  Jean  Ribaut.  He  “erected  on  a sand-hill 
near  the  mouth  of  the  river  [St.  Johns]  a stone  column,  on 
which  were  engraved  the  French  arms,  the  date,  and  the  name 
of  the  commander  of  the  expedition.”  Woodbury  Lowery, 
The  Spanish  Settlements  within  the  Present  Limits  of  the 
United  States , Florida,  1562-157 U (New  York,  1905),  pp.  33- 


14 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


34.  (Hereinafter  this  work  will  be  referred  to  as  Lowery, 
Spanish  Settlements,  II.)  Ribaut  did  not  found  a settlement 
there  but  passed  on  to  Port  Royal  in  South  Carolina  where  he 
established  a French  base  and  then  returned  to  France.  At 
Port  Royal  a second  column  was  raised.  Hernando  Manrique 
de  Rojas  went  to  Florida  in  1564  to  carry  out  the  royal  orders, 
among  which  was  the  one  to  tear  down  the  French  columns. 
He  was  unable  to  locate  the  one  on  the  St.  Johns  but  succeeded 
in  securing  the  column  at  Port  Royal.  This  was  taken  aboard 
ship  and  transferred  to  Havana.  Lowery,  Spanish  Settlements, 
II,  35  and  47-48. 

431564.  This  date  is  correct  but  it  was  only  two  years  aft- 
er the  founding  of  the  colony  of  Ribaut  that  a second  was 
established  by  Rene  de  Laudonniere.  Stopping  at  the  St. 
Johns  River  Laudonniere  found  the  Ribaut  column  which 
Manrique  de  Rojas  had  failed  to  locate.  On  the  St,  Johns,  Fort 
Caroline  was  built  and  there  the  colony  made  its  settlement. 
Lowery,  Spanish  Settlements,  II,  54-58. 


II 


The  Arrival  of  the  Adelantado,  Diego  (Pedro)  Me- 
mendez  Valdez1,  in  Florida  and  the  Events  That  Took 
Place  There. 

His  Majesty  the  Emperor,  having  concerned  himself  in 
the  discovery  and  conquest  of  Florida,  as  I have  said,  King 
Philip  II,  our  lord  of  glorious  memory,  continued  it  with  the 
same  interest.  Wherefore  His  Majesty,  in  the  year  1564,  sent 
Pedro  Menendez  Valdes,  a knight  of  the  habit  of  Santiago, 
with  the  titles  of  adelantado , governor  and  captain-general  of 
those  provinces,  making,  moreover,  various  stipulations  con- 
cerning the  conquest.2  Menendez  was  at  the  same  time  gov- 
ernor and  captain-general  of  the  island  of  Cuba  and  in  charge 
of  the  armada  of  twelve  galleons  in  the  service  known  as  the 
fleet  of  the  Indies.  He  was  a person  of  such  ability  that  he 
alone  at  that  time  occupied  and  fulfilled  with  exactness  those 
offices  which  today  are  held  by  four  distinct  persons.3 

A son  of  the  adelantado  was  lost  at  sea,  so  Menendez  with 
some  vessels,  went  to  look  for  him  along  that  coast.4  Stopping 
at  a port  called  San  Mateo,  twelve  leagues  from  St.  Augustine, 
he  found  at  the  entrance  of  the  port  certain  French  ships. 
Their  general  was  Jean  Ribaut.5  The  French  had  already  built 
a fort  a league  away  from  the  bar.  They  [the  Spaniards]  had 
certain  quarrels  as  to  who  should  lower  the  flag,  so  they  with- 
held the  challenge  [for  a battle]  for  some  other  day.6 

Since  the  adelantado  considered  the  French  force  the 
stronger,  he  took  to  sail  that  night  in  the  direction  of  Havana 
and  entered  the  port  of  St.  Augustine.  Here  on  the  following 
morning  he  sighted  the  enemy  who  came  out  to  seek  him  and 
whom  he  let  pass  by.  Then  with  some  Indian  friends  who 
knew  the  country,  he  set  out  overland  and  returned  to  the 
French  fort,  and  without  losing  any  of  his  men,  he  assaulted 

15 


16 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


and  conquered  the  French  at  dawn,  sacking  the  fort  and  taking 
possession  of  what  was  in  it.7 

When  the  French  armada  arrived  near  Cape  Canaveral, 
thirty  leagues  from  St.  Augustine,  a wind  storm  hit  it  with 
such  force  that  it  was  stranded.  The  people  went  on  land  and 
then  travelled  along  the  beach  toward  the  north  in  search  of 
their  fort.  The  adelantado  held  for  certain  that  the  ship- 
wreck of  the  enemy  had  taken  place  owing  to  the  violent  storm 
they  encountered!.8  With  his  infantry  he  went  to  the  pass  of  the 
bar  of  Matanzas,  five  leagues  before  one  arrives  at  St.  Augus- 
tine from  the  south.  There  Jean  Ribaut  and  the  greater  num- 
ber of  the  people  of  his  armada  arrived  and  when  he  was 
about  to  pass  there,  the  adelantado  sent  him  a message  com- 
manding him  to  surrender,  at  the  same  time  stating  that  the 
fort  had  already  been  taken.  In  testimony  of  this,  the 
adelantado  sent  him  at  the  same  time  the  keys  of  the  fort  to- 
gether with  a hat  of  the  French  general.  When  Ribaut  rea- 
lized such  evident  signs  of  defeat,  he  surrendered.  The  com- 
pany crossed  over  in  a bark  and  the  Spaniards  beheaded  them 
all.9  Those  who  escaped  into  the  interior,  afterwards  came  to 
the  same  end. 

After  this  victorious  event,  the  adelantado  returned  to 
St.  Augustine  by  way  of  the  seashore,  leaving  Jean  Ribaut, 
the  French  general  in  the  custody  of  a captain  named  Bayona. 
To  the  latter  the  order  had  been  given  that  along  the  beach  he 
would  find  a lance  planted  in  the  ground  and  that  he  should 
kill  Ribaut  at  that  place.10  This  he  did,  stabbing  him  with 
a poniard.  Because  the  French  were  killed  at  that  bar,  [the 
Spaniards  named  it  Matanzas.11  After  the  adelantado  had 
strengthened  the  fort  at  St.  Augustine  he  went  to  Havana  and 
notified  the  king  of  what  had  taken  place. 

Within  eight  months  there  came  storeships  filled  with 
provisions,  munitions  and  supplies.  With  them  came  the  cap- 
tain-general, Sancho  de  Arciniega,  with  about  a thousand  re- 
lief troops.12  By  order  of  the  king,  with  them  the  adelantado 
fortified  four  presidios  from  the  Bay  of  Carlos13  to  Santa 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


17 


Elena,14  dividing  the  infantry  among  them.  Because  ships 
were  lost  every  year  along  the  coast  of  Matacumbe,  owing  to 
the  unskillfulness  of  the  pilots  in  the  Bahama  Channel,  the 
Indians  killed  the  Spaniards  who  took  refuge  on  the  beach.  As 
a result  they  called  the  place  The  Martyrs’  which  perhaps, 
some  were  for  their  deaths  took  on  the  nature  of  martyrdom, 
because  they  died  as  Catholics  at  the  hands  of  the  infidel.15 

The  Spaniards  who  remained  in  the  forts,  which  they 
built  in  different  parts,  made  some  incursions  and  had  many 
encounters  with  the  warlike  Indians.  All  of  that  coast  are 
warlike,  particularly  those  of  Santa  Elena  and  the  surround- 
ing district.  In  these  encounters  many  people  died,  or  suffered 
hunger,  privations  and  great  hardships.  They  bore  up  with 
these,  however,  defending  particularly  the  forts  of  St.  Augus- 
tine and  Santa  Elena. 


NOTES 

II 

1Pedro  Menendez  de  Aviles  was  the  adelantado’s  proper 
name. 

The  asiento  entered  into  between  Philip  II  and  Menendez 
de  Aviles  was  dated  March  20,  1565.  According  to  the  several 
provisions  of  the  asiento , Menendez  was  to  divide  the  land  in- 
to repartimientos  among  the  five  hundred  settlers,  found  two 
towns,  introduce  horses  and  cattle,  take  along  religious  and 
above  all  drive  out  the  French  by  whatever  means  he  saw 
fit.  Lowery,  Spanish  Settlements,  II,  142-143. 

The  royal  officials  on  whom  devolved  the  duties  of  ruling 
the  province  at  the  time  of  Father  Ore’s  writing  were  the  gov- 
ernor, the  treasurer,  the  accountant,  and  the  factor. 

The  son  here  referred  to  was  Don  Juan  Menendez.  He 
was  wrecked  off  the  Bermudas  on  a return  trip  from  Mexico. 
Lowery,  Spanish  Settlements,  II,  139. 

5Menendez  encountered  four  French  ships  at  the  mouth  of 
the  St.  Johns  River  on  September  4,  1565.  Lowery,  Spanish 


18 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


Settlements , II,  155.  This  was  twelve  leagues  north  of  St. 
Augustine.  Later  a Franciscan  mission  was  founded  in  the 
vicinity  and  called  San  Juan  del  Puerto. 

6There  appears  to  be  no  record  of  a quarrel.  Menendez 
and  his  council  of  captains  differed  as  to  whether  the  French 
should  be  attacked  then  and  there.  Lowery,  Spanish  Settle- 
ments, II,  155-156. 

7The  stronghold  of  the  French,  Fort  Caroline,  was  taken 
by  surprise  by  Menendez  and  his  soldiers  on  the  morning  of 
September  20.  Orders  were  given  to  spare  the  women  and 
children.  Fort  Caroline  was  rechristened  Fort  San  Mateo  in 
honor  of  St.  Matthew,  whose  feast  fell  on  September  20.  Low- 
ery, Spanish  Settlements,  II,  172-180. 

sMenendez’s  surmise  that  the  French  had  been  wrecked 
became  an  assurance  when  Indians  from  the  south  notified 
him  of  Ribaut’s  disaster.  Lowery,  Spanish  Settlements , II, 
189-190. 

9Ten  of  Ribaut’s  men  who  stated  they  were  Catholics 
were  saved  from  execution  through  the  interposition  of  Father 
Mendoza,  the  chaplain  of  St.  Augustine.  Lowery,  Spanish 
Settlements , II,  198-194. 

10 Jean  Ribaut  and  his  men  were  executed  the  very  same 
evening  at  a spot  pointed  out  by  Menendez.  The  place  of  their 
execution  was  a line  drawn  in  the  sand  by  Menendez’s  spear. 
Lowery,  Spanish  Settlements,  II,  194. 

11 Motor  means  to  slay.  Matanzas  means  slaughterings. 

12Arciniega  arrived  at  St.  Augustine  in  June,  1566.  His 
fleet  comprised  seventeen  ships,  fifteen  hundred  men,  five 
hundred  sailors  and  plentiful  supplies.  Lowery,  Spanish  Set- 
tlements, II,  255-256. 

13The  Bay  of  Carlos  was  in  the  territory  of  the  Caloosa 
or  Carlos  Indians  in  the  southwestern  part  of  Florida.  Vide 
Lowery,  Spanish  Settlements,  II,  map  opposite  p.  210. 

14Santa  Elena  was  the  second  Spanish  city  to  be  founded 
in  Florida.  It  was  located  on  Parris  Island,  South  Carolina. 
Mary  Ross,  “The  Spanish  Settlement  of  Santa  Elena  (Port 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


19 


Royal)  in  1578/’  The  Georgia  Historical  Quarterly,  IX  (1925), 
853. 

15 According  to  Lowery,  who  cites  Herrera,  the  Martyr 
Islands  or  Los  Mdrtires  were  so  named  by  Ponce  de  Leon  on 
his  first  voyage  of  discovery  in  Florida,  “because  the  high 
rocks  looked  at  a distance  like  men  who  are  suffering.”  Low- 
ery, Spanish  Settlements,  I,  141.  It  is  quite  possible  that  the 
term  Los  Mdrtires  was  given  a new  signification  in  the  course 
of  time  by  reason  of  the  many  lives  lost  there  by  shipwreck 
and  Indian  killings. 


Ill 


The  Discovery  of  Jacan,  and  the  Martyrdom  of 
Twelve  Religious  of  the  Society  of  Jesus. 

About  the  year  1570,  while  the  adelantado,  Pedro  Me- 
nendez  was  governing  the  presidios  of  Florida,  a ship  from 
the  port  of  Santa  Elena,  lost  its  course  towards  the  north,  at 
a latitude  of  37%  degrees  and  put  into  a large  bay  which  the 
sailors  called  the  Bay  of  Madre  de  Dios.1  From  among  some 
Indians  who  came  aboard  they  retained  a young  cacique , whom 
they  took  along  with  them  to  Spain,  where  after  instructing 
him  in  the  faith,  they  baptized  him  and  gave  him  the  name 
Luis,2  The  king  ordered  that  the  necessary  sustenance  be 
given  him  all  the  time  he  remained  in  Spain.  They  placed 
him  with  the  fathers  of  the  Society  of  Jesus  to  be  educated. 

In  the  year  1577s  the  adelantado  brought  fifty  settlers  to 
Florida  and  divided  them  between  the  two  forts  of  Santa 
Elena  and  St.  Augustine.  In  the  following  year,  15784,  eight 
religious  of  the  Society  came  for  the  purpose  of  converting  the 
natives  of  Florida.  When  they  arrived  they  exercised  their 
ministry  in  Santa  Elena,  while  two  of  them  went  to  the  prov- 
ince of  Guale,  fourteen  leagues  from  there,  between  St.  Augus- 
tine and  Santa  Elena,  in  order  to  instruct  the  natives.  One 
went  to  the  northern  district,  to  a province  called  Escamacu, 
taking  in  his  company  a boy  of  ten  years  of  age,  named  Juan 
de  Lara,  a son  of  a settler,  in  order  to  learn  the  language.  To- 
day Juan  de  Lara  lives  at  St.  Augustine.  After  serving  the 
natives  for  a year  and  a half,  considering  the  little  progress 
that  he  made,  the  father  returned  to  Santa  Elena,  where  the 
other  religious  were. 

Father  Alamo  (this  was  the  name  of  one  of  the  religious 
of  that  Congregation)  went  to  Spain5  to  give  an  account  to  his 
superiors  of  the  condition  and  character  of  the  natives  of  that 

20 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


21 


land,  and  of  the  meagre  progress  he  made  among  them.  For, 
owing  to  their  resistance  and  obduracy,  the  fathers  did  not 
deem  it  fitting  to  baptize  any  during  this  entire  period.6  At 
that  time  the  cacique , Don  Luis  was  living  in  the  [Jesuit] 
house  at  Seville,  advancing  in  the  Spanish  language,  as  well  as 
in  reading  and  writing,  together  with  other  branches  of  knowl- 
edge which  they  taught  him. 

When  he  learned  that  religious  had  gone  for  the  conver- 
sion of  the  natives  of  Florida,  he  told  the  Father  Rector  and 
others  that  he  would  venture  to  take  some  priests  to  his  coun- 
try and  that  with  the  help  of  God  and  his  own  industry,  the 
Indians  of  that  land  would  be  converted  to  the  faith.  These 
words  aroused  in  the  hearts  of  the  religious  an  intense  desire 
and  zeal  for  the  salvation  of  souls.  Moved  to  resolution,  they 
offered  themselves  to  the  king,  and  asked  his  permission  as 
well  as  for  the  necessary  provisions  to  go  to  those  parts,  and 
to  take  with  them  the  cacique , Don  Luis. 

When  His  Majesty  had  granted  permission  and  the  sup- 
plies they  had  asked  for,  they  set  out  from  Spain  and  arrived 
at  Santa  Elena  in  safety.7  From  here  the  adelantado  gave 
them  a ship  and  provisions  for  a year,  and  ordered  that  a 
captain,  Vincente  Gonzales  by  name,  should  take  them  thither. 
There  were  all  together  twelve  religious  priests8  and  a boy, 
Alonso  de  Lara,9  the  elder  brother  of  the  other  mentioned  be- 
fore, sons  of  a settler  of  Santa  Elena.  Having  arrived  at  the 
Bay  of  Madre  de  Dios  at  Jaean,  they  ascended  the  river  for  a 
distance  of  twelve  leagues.  On  the  banks  of  this  river,  the 
cacique , Don  Luis  had  his  towns.  Two  brother  caciques  of  Don 
Luis  together  with  other  Indians  received  them  and  gave  them 
lodgings  amid  demonstrations  of  great  joy. 

Seeing  the  good  condition  of  the  land,  they  unloaded  their 
provisions  and  found  lodging  in  a house  which  they  soon  con- 
structed, made  of  palms.  This  had  a small  apartment  to  one 
side  where  the  fathers  were  to  say  Mass  until  they  could  build 
a more  commodious  church.  From  here  Vincente  Gonzales 
returned  to  Santa  Elena  to  give  an  account  to  the  adelantado 
as  to  where  he  had  left  the  religious.  And  as  the  enemy  of 


22 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


the  human  race  always  tries  to  impede  works  of  this  sort,  de- 
dicated to  the  salvation  of  souls,  he  instigated  the  cacique,  Don 
Luis  (now  placed  in  the  position  of  being  in  the  midst  of  his 
own  people)  to  give  himself  over  to  immorality  in  so  shameful 
a manner  that  the  superior  of  those  religious,  Father  Juan 
Bautista,  reprimanded  him  severely.  Afterwards  in  words 
couched  in  the  spirit  of  religion  and  charity,  he  admonished 
and  begged  him,  telling  him  that  he  should  remember  that 
they  had  come,  moved  by  the  promises  he  had  made  in  Spain, 
and  under  his  protection.  Moreover,  if  he  gave  such  bad  ex- 
ample, they  would  not  be  able  to  implant  the  Gospel,  in  whose 
ministers  and  interpreters,  cleanness  of  life  is  so  very  impor- 
tant. Despite  these  and  other  gentle  words  which  he  and  the 
other  religious  spoke  to  him,  they  could  not  soften  him,  but 
rather  they  were  the  occasion  of  spiritual  hardening  of  the 
heart,  for  the  devil  reigned  in  his  heart  as  he  did  in  the  heart 
of  Judas.  He  forged  the  treachery  in  his  breast.  Wishing 
to  withdraw  from  the  sight  of  him  who  had  reprimanded  him, 
Don  Luis  said  he  was  going  to  look  for  chestnuts  and  nuts  of 
other  varieties,  in  one  of  his  towns,  which  was  four  leagues 
from  there,  and  that  he  would  return  very  soon,  within  a de- 
finite number  of  days.  The  fathers  let  him  go,  but  seeing 
that  he  did  not  return  on  the  day  and  at  the  time  specified, 
they  wrote  him  a letter,10  asking  him  for  the  love  of  God  to 
come,  and  to  remember  that  they  were  without  an  interpreter 
and  that  after  God,  the  conversion  of  the  natives  depended  on 
him. 

But  it  had  no  influence  on  the  apostate  cacique  neither  to 
induce  him  to  come  nor  to  answer  the  letter.  On  this  account 
those  servants  of  God  were  in  great  confusion.  Wherefore, 
they  determined  to  send  a father  whom  he  respected,  and  who 
was  a preacher,  together  with  a companion  to  the  place  where 
Don  Luis  was.11  These  were  to  admonish  him  to  come  along 
with  them.  They  presumed  they  would  not  be  killed  when  he 
saw  them  coming  personally.  But  as  the  devil  had  the  upper- 
hand  in  his  heart  already,  he  killed  the  two  priest  ambassadors 
as  soon  as  they  came ; then  he  set  out  to  kill  the  others,  on  the 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


23 


vespers  of  the  Purification  of  Our  Lady,12  on  the  day  of  the 
renowned  martyr,  St.  Ignatius,13  in  whose  heart  was  written 
the  name  of  Jesus.  On  such  a day  these  two  blessed  martyrs 
of  the  Company  of  Jesus  shed  their  blood. 

Having  arrived  at  the  place  where  the  others  were,  the 
cacique  Don  Luis  said  that  the  fathers  remained  behind  with 
the  Indians  who  were  bringing  the  chestnuts  and  other  varie- 
ties of  nuts  for  his  repast;  that  they  would  arrive  in  the 
morning,  and  that  the  next  day  being  the  solemn  feast  of 
Candlemas,  he  wished  to  go  with  all  the  Indians  to  cut  wood 
in  order  to  construct  a church  for  the  Virgin ; and:  that  a fa- 
ther should  say  Mass  in  the  morning.  Therefore  hei  asked  for 
hatchets  and  other  tools  in  order  to  distribute  them  among 
the  Indians.  On  hearing  this  the  fathers  perceived  that  a 
church  could  be  constructed.  In  the  morning  [one  of  the 
priests]  said  Mass.  The  youth,  Alonso  de  Lara  was  in  the 
house  of  a cacique,  a brother  of  Don  Luis,  who  also  was  a 
conspirator  with  his  brother  for  the  death  of  the  religious. 
He  had  pity  on  Alonso  for  he  did  not  kill  him  after  the  others, 
but  took  him  to  his  house  to  give  him  some  breakfast. 

When  the  priest  was  celebrating  Mass  at  the  altar,  and 
the  others  were  assisting  and  officiating  at  it,  Don  Luis  came 
and  gave  him  a heavy  blow  on  the  head  with  a cutlass,  and 
then  wounded  and  killed  the  other  companions,  who  were  like 
sheep  among  those  wolves  and  butchers.  At  the  sound  of  the 
noise,  Alonso  de  Lara  came  forth  but  the  cacique  who  had 
taken  him  to  his  house,  caught  him  by  the  arm  and  detained 
him  from  going  to  the  scene.  When  all  were  dead  the  boy 
went  out  and  saw  the  priest  who  had  been  celebrating  Mass, 
stretched  on  the  ground  and:  breathing  his  last.  The  boy  told 
Don  Luis  to  help  him  bury  the  bodies  and  in  the  midst  of  the 
fear  which  he  felt  on  seeing  this  deed,  he  took  courage  to  ask 
with  tears,  that  respect  be  shown  to  those  priests,  his  com- 
panions and  good  masters,  that  they  should  receive  burial. 
Digging  the  graves,  they  buried  them  all  as  well  as  they 
could.14  These  were  the  trees  they  cut  down  and  which  will 
remain  in  perpetual  memory  as  twelve15  columns  of  the  church 


24 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


which  was  erected  in  Jacan,  when  God  was  willing  that  the 
land  be  watered  with  the  blood  of  martyrs  so  that  new  plants 
should  sprout  for  heaven. 

Holy  Job  says:  “A  tree  hath  hope:  if  it  be  cut,  it  grow- 

eth  green  again,  and  the  boughs  thereof  sprout.”16Well  may  we 
apply  these  words,  at  the  same  time,  to  the  death  and  burial 
of  those  innocent  martyrs  whom  the  sacrilegious  apostate 
deceived  that  night  when  he  said  he  was  going  to  cut  wood 
to  build  a church.  These  words  foretold  their  precious  death 
in  the  sight  of  the  Lord  and  their  names  are  written  in  heaven. 
These  names  I have  not  been  able  to  find  out  in  the  diligent  in- 
quiry that  I have  made,  except  that  of  Father  Juan  Bautista, 
their  prelate  and  superior.17 

A miraculous  thing  happened : while  the  Indians  were  go- 
ing about  busily  in  despoiling  the  clothing,  chalices,  patens  and 
sacerdotal  vestments  which  they  divided  among  themselves, 
profaning  the  vases  and  sacred  objects  in  an  abominable  man- 
ner, they  found  a chest  which  contained  relics  and  a crucifix 
which  the  martyrs  had  brought  along  for  their  devotion  and 
consolation.  An  Indian  wanted  to  give  the  chest  a blow  with 
a hatchet,  but  on  raising  his  arm  and  on  swinging  to  strike 
it,  he  fell  dead.  At  this,  fear  fell  upon  the  others  with  the 
result  that  they  did  not  dare  to  approach  it  any  more.  Alonso 
de  Lara  told  Don  Luis  that  the  relics  should  be  placed  in  a 
garita.18  These  are  found  all  over  Florida  and  in  them  the 
Indians  place  the  maize  they  keep  for  their  sustenance;  it  is 
a type  of  barn  supported  by  four  posts,  high  and  bulky,  raised 
from  the  earth.  These  they  call  garitas.  Up  into  one  of 
these,  Alonso  de  Lara  and  Don  Luis  together  raised  the  box 
of  relics  and  the  crucifix.  It  is  hardly  possible  but  that  the 
soul  of  Don  Luis  was  confounded  and  that  his  thoughts  turned 
on  the  punishment  of  Heaven  and  the  horrors  of  condemna- 
tion, over  such  a nefarious  act  and  treasonable  deed,  which  he 
committed.19 

Such  wras  the  martyrdom  of  these  servants  of  God.  And 
as  the  Indians  were  the  lords  of  the  land  and  the  authors  of 
this  abominable  act  of  treachery,  they  held  it  a secret  lest  the 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


25 


Spaniards  find  it  out.  Thus  it  was  not  discovered,  nor  di- 
vulged until  the  following  year.  It  happened  in  this  way : 

NOTES 

III 

xThis  bay,  Chesapeake  Bay,  was  called  by  the  Spaniards 
Baia  de  Madre  de  Dios  de  Jacan  or  Baia  de  Santa  Maria  de 
Jacan.  The  year  in  which  this  Spanish  vessel  reached  Jacan 
was  1561  and  it  belonged  to  the  Villafane  expedition.  M.  Kenny, 
S.  J.,  The  Romance  of  the  Floridas,  (New  York,  1934),  pp. 
88-89. 

2The  Indian  cacique  taken  on  this  occasion  was  Don  Luis 
de  Velasco.  He  was  taken  by  Captain  Velasquez  under  Villa- 
fane.  Don  Luis  was  taken  to  Mexico  where  he  embraced 
Christianity.  The  viceroy  of  Mexico  at  the  time  was  Don 
Luis  de  Velasco  who  was  sponsor  for  the  cacique  at  his  bap- 
tism and  who  gave  the  cacique  his  name.  Kenny,  The  Ro- 
mance of  the  Floridas,  p.  89. 

Whatever  the  date  may  be  to  which  Father  Ore  refers,  it 
cannot  be  later  than  1574.  That  year  in  September,  Menendez 
died  at  Santander,  Spain.  “Aviles,  who  at  the  outset  had  so 
keenly  appreciated  the  importance  of  cultivating  the  soil,  sent 
out  farmers  at  different  times  to  colonize  his  province.”  Low- 
ery, Spanish  Settlements,  II,  375. 

4The  first  Jesuit  missionaries  came  to  Florida  in  1567. 
They  were  Fathers  Pedro  Martinez  and  Juan  Rogel,  and 
Brother  Francisco  Villareal.  Father  Martinez  was  killed  by  the 
Indians  as  soon  as  he  reached  the  coast  of  Florida.  Father  Ro- 
gel labored  in  Caloosa,  while  Brother  Villareal  went  among  the 
Tegesta  in  the  region  of  modern  Miami.  In  1568  the  follow- 
ing Jesuits  set  out  from  Spain  for  Florida : Fathers  Juan  Bau- 
tista de  Segura,  Gonzalo  del  Alamo,  and  Antonio  Sedeno; 
Brothers  Juan  de  la  Carrera,  Pedro  de  Linares,  and  Domingo 
Agustln  Baez.  In  November,  1568,  Fathers  Segura,  Sedeno 


26 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


and  Alamo  were  conducted  to  Tegesta.  Brother  Villareal  was 
appointed  catechist  there.  Father  Alamo  went  to  Caloosa,  while 
Fathers  Sedeno  and  Segura  went  to  Guale  or  the  coast  of  Geor- 
gia. Brother  Baez  worked  among  the  Timucuans.  A Brother 
Ruiz  was  sent  to  Tegesta.  In  1570,  the  Jesuits  Father  Luis 
de  Quiros,  Brothers  Gabriel  Gomez  and  Sancho  Zeballos  left 
Spain  for  Florida.  Kenny,  The  Romance  of  the  Floridas,  pas- 
sim,, especially  pp.  1 58-232. 

5 Father  Alamo  was  called  to  Spain  by  St.  Francis  Borgia, 
the  general  of  the  Society.  This  was  in  1569.  Kenny.  The  Ro- 
mance of  the  Floridas,  p.  228. 

6This  is  not  quite  correct.  It  is  true  that  little  progress 
was  made  in  the  matter  of  conversions,  yet  there  were  a few 
baptisms.  By  1570  seven  persons  were  baptized  in  Guale, 
four  of  whom  were  infants  while  the  others  were  in  danger  of 
death.  Kenny,  The  Romance  of  the  Floridas,  p.  256.  The 
general  results  of  the  Jesuits’  work  with  regard  to  conver- 
sions during  the  entire  period  of  their  stay  was  very  meagre. 

7The  names  of  the  Jesuits  who  left  Spain  on  this  mission 
were:  Father  Luis  Quiros,  and  Brothers  Gabriel  Gomez  and 
Sancho  Zeballos.  Kenny,  The  Romance  of  the  Floridas,  pp. 
244-245. 

sThe  number  of  Jesuits  who  went  to  Jacan  were  eight. 
They  were:  Fathers  Juan  Bautista  de  Segura  and  Luis  de 
Quiros;  Brothers  Pedro  Linares,  Gabriel  Gomez,  and  Sancho 
Zeballos ; the  novices  Juan  Bautista  Mendez,  Gabriel  de  Solis 
and  Cristobal  Redondo.  Kenny,  The  Romance  of  the  Floridas, 
p.  273. 

5The  name  of  the  boy  was  Alonso  Olmos.  He  went  along 
to  serve  the  Fathers’  Masses.  Kenny,  The  Romance  of  the 
Floridas,  p.  273. 

10These  letters  were  sent  through  the  medium  of  the 
Jesuit  brothers.  Kenny,  The  Romance  of  the  Floridas,  p.  276. 

^Those  sent  on  this  occasion  were  Father  Quiros  and 
Brothers  Bautista  Mendez  and  Gabriel  de  Solis.  Father  Quiros 
“appeared  to  have  won  the  Indian’s  attachment  on  the  voyage 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


27 


from  Spain.”  Kenny,  The  Romance  of  the  Florida s,  p.  276. 
On  this  occasion  all  three  were  killed. 

12The  Feast  of  the  Purification  of  the  Blessed  Virgin  or 
Candlemas  Day  falls  on  February  2.  Since  it  is  a feast  of  high 
rank  its  celebration  commences  with  Vespers  on  the  preceding 
day. 

13The  Saint  Ignatius  mentioned  here  is  not  to  be  confused 
with  Saint  Ignatius  Loyola,  the  founder  of  the  Jesuits.  Refer- 
ence is  made  here  to  the  Feast  of  Saint  Ignatius  of  Antioch, 
Asia  Minor,  who  suffered  martyrdom  for  the  faith  during  the 
persecution  of  the  Emperor  Trajan.  F.  X.  Funk,  A Manual  of 
Church  History  (St.  Louis,  1910) , I,  40.  The  feast  occurs  on 
February  1. 

14In  certain  details  Father  Ore's  account  agrees  with  an 
account  given  by  Brother  Carrera.  According  to  the  latter, 
however,  the  priests  were  not  slain  at  Mass  but  during  their 
early  morning  devotions.  Kenny,  The  Romance  of  the  Flori- 
da, p.  278.  Father  Kenny  places  the  date  of  the  martyrdom 
of  this  second  group  on  February  9.  op.  cit.y  p.  281. 

15The  number  should  be  eight  to  correspond  with  that 
number  of  martyrs.  Cf.  note  8. 

16Book  of  Job,  xiv,  7. 

17Cf.  note  8. 

18 A garita  was  a public  granary.  Le  Moyne  (1565)  has 
left  a picture  of  such  a garita  in  drawing.  Vide  David  I. 
Bushnell,  Jr.,  Native  Villages  and  Village  Sites  East  of  the 
Mississippi  (Bureau  of  American  Ethnology  Bulletin  69), 
plate  16. 

19An  account  of  this  story  is  given  by  Father  Rogel.  Ken- 
ny, The  Romance  of  the  Floridas,  pp.  281-282.  A later  record 
of  this  event,  also  written  by  Father  Rogel,  was  preserved  in 
the  Jesuit  Archives  of  Mexico.  For  an  English  translation  of 
the  event  according  to  Rogel,  vide  Kenny,  op.  cit. , p.  282, 


IV 


The  Discovery  of  the  Treachery  of  the  Indians  and 
of  the  Death  of  the  Religious. 

After  a year  had  passed,  the  same  captain  Vincente  Gon- 
zales set  out  to  carry  provisions  to  the  religious.1  When  he 
arrived  within  sight  of  the  town,  he  saw  along  the  beach,  peo- 
ple vested  in  cassocks  and  religious  robes  and  it  seemed  to  him 
that  these  were  the  religious.  He  was  waiting  until  some  one 
should  come  on  board.  Then  a canoe  came  containing  Indians. 
He  asked  them  by  signs  why  the  fathers  did  not  come  on 
board.  He  wrote  giving  them  notice  that  he  was  Vincente 
Gonzales  and  when  no  answer  was  forthcoming,  suspicion  of 
evil  arose.  Of  the  Indians  who  returned  to  the  ship,  he 
seized  two  while  the  others  jumped  into  the  water.2  From  yon- 
der in  a short  time  he  saw  that  many  Indians  were  coming  in 
canoes.  Then  he  took  to  sail  and  came  to  Santa  Elena  where 
he  took  the  confession  of  the  Indians.3  They  said  that  the  re- 
ligious were  dead  and  that  there  remained  there  a boy  called 
Alonso  de  Lara. 

At  this  time  the  king  called  the  adelantado  to  Spain,  but 
before  going  thither,  it  happened  that  he  went  from  Santa 
Elena  to  St.  Augustine,  where  he  had  two  new  frigates  which 
were  just  being  completed.  Since  it  was  the  month  of  July, 
he  sailed  from  that  port  to  Spain.  At  the  importunity  of  the 
religious  who  remained:  at  Santa  Elena,  they  stopped  at  Jacan, 
for  he  was  to  go  and  hunt  for  Alonso  de  Lara.  He  took  with 
him  a hundred  and  fifty  soldiers  of  the  presidio  and  among 
them  Juan  de  Lara,  the  younger  brother  of  the  captive.  All 
these  sailed  in  four  ships.  Arriving  at  the  bay,  they  found 
two  Indians  who  belonged  to  the  cacique  by  whom  Alonso  de 
Lara  had  been  protected  from  the  fury  of  Don  Luis.  The 
cacique  had  disguised  him  during  the  night  to  make  him  look 

28 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


29 


like  Don  Luis’s  niece  for  he  knew  Alonso’s  “uncle”  would  not 
kill  him. 

They  anchored  the  ships.  Approaching  the  Indians, 
Juan  de  Lara  asked  for  his  brother  Alonso.  The  Indians 
answered  that  he  was  in  the  power  of  their  cacique,  a day’s 
journey  from  there.  The  adelantado  told  them  to  say  that 
Alonso  was  his  son  and  that  they  should  tell  their  cacique  to 
send  him  to  him.  At  the  isame  time  he  sent  some  gifts.  The 
following  day  he  sent  Captain  Vincente  Gonzales  with  a tender 
and  thirty  soldiers  to  Don  Luis’s  town  so  that  he  could  per- 
chance catch  and  apprehend  him.  Arriving  at  the  edge  of 
the  town,  the  captain  commanded  the  soldiers  to  hide  below 
the  decks.  Since  the  Indians  saw  no  more  than  six  men,  sixty 
Indians  came  on  board  in  canoes,  wearing  the  patens  belonging 
to  the  chalices  as  ornaments  about  their  necks.  Since  they 
were  naked  (which  is  the  custom  of  the  Indians  of  the  whole 
land)  they  covered  their  private  parts  with  the  corporals.  The 
captain  invited  them  to  eat  honey-cakes  and  biscuits  which  he 
brought.  Then  while  they  were  in  the  midst  of  their  meal, 
the  soldiers  sallied  forth  from  below  the  decks,  seized  hold  of 
thirteen  of  the  more  important  Indians,  and  killed  more  than 
twenty.4  With  this  booty  of  prisoners  they  returned  to  the 
bay  where  the  adelantado  had  remained.  At  that  place  there 
arrived  within  two  days,  two  hundred  Indians  who  brought 
with  them  Alonso  de  Lara,  whom  they  handed  over.  He  was 
naked,  in  Indian  fashion.  It  was  he  who  gave  a true  and 
lengthy  story  of  the  martyrdom  of  the  fathers  in  the  manner 
in  which  it  has  been  related.5 

The  adelantado  then  sent  Don  Diego  de  Velasco,  his  son- 
in-law  with  a hundred  soldiers,  as  well  as  the  two  Lara  broth- 
ers to  look  over  the  condition  of  the  land  and  to  speak 
to  the  cacique  who  had  defended  and  taken  under  his  protec- 
tion Alonso  de  Lara.  From  the  information  obtained  regard- 
ing the  territory,  it  appeared  that  the  land  was  rich.  They  re- 
turned, however,  with  little  or  no  news  concerning  the  things 
they  desired  to  know  for  the  frightened  Indians  had  fled.  The 
adelantado  put  many  questions  to  the  thirteen  prisoners  whom 


30 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


Captain  Gonzales  brought  with  him.  He  made  a proposal  to 
them  saying:  would  anyone  venture  to  bring  Don  Luis  to  him, 
dead  or  alive?  One  offered  to  do  this.  He  gave  him  a definite 
time  to  return  and  said  that  if  at  the  time  determined  he 
would  not  come  through  with  his  undertaking,  he  would  have 
to  hang  them  all.  They  asked  for  a period  of  ten  days  in 
which  to  carry  out  their  enterprise.  They  sent  him  out  to  ac- 
complish that  which  the  adelantado  had  told  them  to  do.  He 
never  returned,  although  more  days  passed  beyond  the  time 
stipulated.  The  adelantado  then  gave  orders  that  the  cap- 
tured Indians  be  put  to  death.  He  asked  them  if  they  wished 
to  die  as  Christians,  and  this  they  accepted.  Willingly  they 
asked  for  baptism.  A religious6  instructed  them  and  exhorted 
them  as  was  fitting.  Then  they  were  hung  from  the  yard- 
arms. When  this  was  accomplished,  the  adelantado  went  to 
Spain  on  August  24,  1572,  sending  a religious7  and  Alonso  de 
Lara  in  a tender  to  Havana. 

The  reason  why  the  adelantado , Pedro  Menendez,  went  to 
Spain  was  because  His  Majesty  had  sent  for  him  and  had  or- 
dered him  to  get  ready  the  armada  at  Santander.  There,  how- 
ever, the  adelantado  died.8  His  body  was  carried  to  the  town 
of  Aviles,  where  he  was  bom.9  They  placed  his  body  in  an 
honorable  grave  in  the  parish  church.  His  tomb  was  covered 
with  a canopy  and  the  cross  of  Santiago,  together  with  an 
epitaph  in  gold  letters  which  relates  his  deeds  and  the  offices 
he  held  and  the  title  of  adelantado.10  He  left  the  government 
of  Florida  in  the  hands  of  his  son-in-law,  Don  Diego  de  Velas- 
co, who  was  married  to  his  younger  daughter,  Dona  Maria 
Menendez.11  The  adelantado  had  explored  the  coast  of  Florida 
from  Cape  Canaveral  which  is  in  28  degrees  latitude,  to  the 
Bay  of  Madre  de  Dios  in  Jacan  where  the  English  have  now 
fortified  themselves  and  peopled  it  in  latitude  of  36  degrees.12 
He  explored,  likewise,  the  coast  of  the  Bahama  Channel  from 
Cape  Canaveral  directly  up  to  Carlos  Bay. 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


31 


NOTES 

IV 

‘The  Jesuit  Brother  Juan  Salcedo  accompanied  this  ex- 
pedition,. Kenny,  The  Romance  of  the  Floridas,  p.  284. 

2The  ship  went  first  to  Havana  and  then  returned  to 
Florida.  One  of  the  two  Indian  captives  “jumped  overboard 
and  disappeared”  in  the  Bahama  Channel.  Kenny,  The  Ro- 
mance of  the  Floridas , p.  284. 

3Menendez  de  Aviles  in  Cuba  heard  of  the  fate  of  the  Je- 
suit missionaries.  From  there  he  set  out  for  Santa  Elena 
where  he  arrived  on  July  22,  1572.  From  Santa  Elena  he  pro- 
ceded  to  Jacan.  Lowery,  Spanish  Settlements,  II,  373. 

4 According  to  Lowery  only  eight  Indians  were  seized. 
Spanish  Settlements,  II,  373. 

5The  account  of  the  Jesuit  martyrdom  rests  entirely  upon 
the  veracity  of  Alonso  de  Lara.  He  was  the  sole  surviving 
witness  of  the  deaths  of  the  religious. 

“This  religious  was  Father  Rogel.  Lowery,  Spanish  Set- 
tlements, II,  373. 

7Cf.  note  6. 

8On  September  17,  1574. 

9This  occurred  in  the  year  1591.  Lowery,  Spanish  Set- 
tlements, II,  383.  Aviles  is  on  the  bay  of  Biscay  in  the  prov- 
ince of  Asturias. 

10The  inscription  over  the  grave  of  Menendez  is  as  fol- 
lows: “Here  lies  interred  the  very  illustrious  cavalier  Pedro 

Mene.z  de  Aviles,  native  of  this  town,  Adelantado  of  the 
Provinces  of  Florida,  Commander  of  the  Holy  Cross  of  La 
Carga  of  the  Order  of  Santiago  and  C.n  Gen.al  of  the  Ocean 
Sea  and  of  the  Catholic  Armada  which  the  Lord  Philip  II.  as- 
sembled against  England  in  the  year  1574,  at  Santander,  where 
he  died  on  the  17th  of  September  of  the  said  year  being  fifty- 
five  years  of  age.”  Lowery,  Spanish  Settlements,  II,  383-384. 

41In  1575  Don  Diego  de  Velasco  wrote  to  the  king:  “Owing 
to  the  absence  of  the  Adelantado,  my  father-in-law,  I have 


32 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


served:  four  years  in  the  office  of  captain-general  and  governor 
of  these  provinces ; and  in  order  to  do  it  better,  I brought  hith- 
er my  wife  and  household.”  Diego  de  Velasco  to  the  king,  St. 
Augustine,  Florida,  August,  1575,  in  J.  T.  Connor,  Colonial 
Records  of  Spanish  Florida  (Deland,  1925) , I,  145.  (Herein- 
after cited  as  Colonial  Records.)  Menendez  de  Aviles  had  left 
Florida  in  1572. 

12Reference  is  here  made  to  the  English  settlement  at 
Jamestown.  Jamestown  however  is  between  37  and  38  de- 
grees latitude. 


V 


Rebellion  of  the  Indians  of  Santa  Elena  and  Guale. 

When  the  adelantado  went  to  Spain,  and  left  the  govern- 
ment of  the  presidios  to  his  son-in-law,  Don  Diego  de  Velasco, 
the  Indians  of  Guale  and  Escamacu  were  quiet  and  peaceful  to 
such  an  extent  that  a lone  soldier  went  securely  to  any  of  the 
towns  from  one  district  to  another  and  treated  with  the  In- 
dians. Then  it  happened  that  one  of  the  principal  caciques  of 
the  peninsula  of  Guale  together  with  his  wife  became  Chris- 
tians. And  because  one  of  his  vassals  refused  him  respect 
and  obedience,  the  cacique  approached  the  town.  A nephew 
of  the  recalcitrant  cacique  killed  the  Christian  chieftain  by  an 
arrow  shot.  Wherefore  the  wife  of  the  dead  chieftain  went  to 
Santa  Elena  to  complain  to  the  governor.  Since  her  husband 
had  become  a Christian,  she  asked  the  governor  to  protect  her 
and  avenge  the  murder.  To  appease  her,  the  governor  com- 
manded all  the  principal  chieftains  of  the  province  of  Guale 
to  be  called  together,  giving  them  the  assurance  that  he  would 
do  them  no  harm.  He  ordered  them  to  bring  to  him  the  In- 
dian who  had  killed  the  Christian  cacique.  With  this  assur- 
ance they  went  to  Santa  Elena  with  the  murderer.  Though  the 
governor  tried  to  placate  the  woman  with  gifts  and  cajolery, 
he  was  unable  to  satisfy  her  in  any  way.  Seeing  before  her 
the  murderer  of  her  husband,  she  asked  for  justice  the  more 
insistently,  protesting  that  unless  justice  were  meted  out, 
many  more  deaths  would  occur  among  them.  The  governor 
then,  to  avoid  greater  evil,  sentenced  the  Indian  murderer  to 
be  hung.  The  sentence  was  put  into  execution  and  he  was  hung 
in  the  presence  of  the  other  caciques.  When  they  saw  that 
the  governor  had  broken  his  plighted  word,  they  went  to  their 
towns  in  an  angry  mood,  swearing  that  they  would  avenge 
this  affront.1 


83 


34 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


Soon  the  Indians  conspired  with  those  of  Escamacu,  their 
neighbors  who  live  to  the  north.  They  sent  them  gifts  as 
well  as  an  account  of  the  injury  they  had  received.  They  told 
them  that  if  they  brought  any  Spaniards  to  their  towns  they 
would  kill  the  same  and  would  not  let  them  return.  These  In- 
dians of  Escamacu  are  very  valiant,  feared  and  esteemed  as 
such. 

At  this  time,  certain  Indians  in  the  Spanish  service  fled 
and  took  with  them  the  clothing  of  their  overseers.  Twenty- 
two  soldiers  went  out  to  search  for  these  Indians.2  When  they 
arrived  at  Escamacu,  they  were  well  received  by  the  Indians. 
Since  these  Indians  had  already  determined  to  put  into  execu- 
tion their  wicked  designs,  they  arranged  not  to  have  their  wo- 
men and  children  appear,  which  is  a sign  of  war.  When  an 
ensign  inquired  why  the  women  did  not  appear  the  Indians 
asked  why  the  Spaniards  had  on  padded  armor  and  appeared 
with  lighted  matches. 

The  ensign  not  wishing  to  excite  the  Indians,  commanded 
the  soldiers  to  disarm  and  placed  a guard  at  the  end  of  a hut. 
At  dawn  when  a soldier  came  forth  and  went  among  the 
thickets  to  answer  a need,  he  saw  a group  of  Indians  attack 
the  hut,  with  the  result  that  the  alarm  was  given.  While  the 
soldiers  were  lighting  their  matches,  the  Indians  shot  the 
greater  number  of  them  with  their  arrows.  The  one  who  was 
in  the  thickets,  not  being  able  to  obtain  his  arms,  fled  whither 
fortune  led  him  toward  Santa  Elena.  Looking  back,  he  saw 
Alonso  de  Lara  (the  one  who  was  rescued  in  Jacan)  and  anoth- 
er soldier  coming,  both  badly  wounded.  They  said  that  all 
their  companions  were  dead.  The  soldier  then  said  to  them: 
“I  am  well,  and  you  are  badly  wounded;  good-bye,  my  broth- 
ers.” For  he  saw  all  the  Indians  coming  after  them.  So  he 
parted  from  them  and  plunged  into  a lake  until  he  saw  the 
Indians  return,  dancing  over  their  victory,  with  the  heads  of 
Alonso  de  Lara  and  his  companion. 

As  it  was  growing  towards  night,  he  came  forth  from  the 
lake.  Without  a road  he  struck  out  for  the  south  and  the 
next  day  he  found  the  island  of  Santa  Elena,  but  he  was 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


35 


forced  to  swim  across  the  bay  to  reach  it.  Juan  de  Lara  and 
other  boys  saw  a naked  man  coming  towards  them  through  a 
swamp.  They  ran  to  him  in  order  to  assist  him,  for  they 
knew  who  he  was.  His  name  was  Calderon.3  To  them  he 
told  the  story  of  the  death  and  sad  fate  of  his  companions. 
Together  they  went  to  the  city,  where  the  news  became  known 
with  the  result  that  great  was  the  weeping  for  brothers,  sons 
and  husbands  who  had  been  killed. 

Likewise,  at  this  time,  there  were  in  the  province  of 
Guale  three  soldiers  who  had  gone  out  on  a rescuing  expedi- 
tion. An  Indian  woman  warned  them  that  the  natives  were 
intent  on  killing  them  and  that,  therefore,  they  should  go  to 
Santa  Elena.  Accordingly,  that  night,  without  the  Indians 
having  perceived  it,  the  Spaniards  departed.  Four  leagues 
from  there,  there  was  a strait  so  narrow  that  a canoe  could 
hardly  pass  through  it.  There,  Indians  from  Escamacu  who 
were  carrying  to  the  caciques  of  Guale  twenty  heads  of  dead 
men  as  gifts,  met  them.  The  Indians  apprehended  the  three 
soldiers,  took  them  to  Guale  and  killed  them.  Thus  all  the 
land  of  Guale  was  in  a state  of  rebellion.4 

At  this  time  the  king  sent  Hernando  de  Miranda  as  gov- 
ernor and  captain-general  of  the  provinces  of  Florida  owing  to 
the  death  of  the  adelantado.5  Miranda  was  the  son-in-law  of 
the  adelantado  and  the  husband  of  Dona  Catalina  Menendez, 
the  adelantado' s heir  according  to  the  capitulations.6  Arriving 
in  Havana  from  Spain,  he  found  the  annual  subsidy  and  the 
money  which  had  been  brought  from  New  Spain  for  the  relief 
of  the  soldiers  of  Florida.  When  he  landed  at  St.  Augustine,  he 
paid  the  soldiers,  for  that  is  the  first  port.  Thence,  with  three 
ships  he  departed  for  Santa  Elena  where  the  wife  of  the 
adelantado  was.  When  he  came  as  far  as  the  bar,  there  was 
a contrary  wind ; wherefore  the  royal  officers  asked  him  that 
he  allow  them  to  land  that  afternoon.  With  ten  men  they 
set  out  in  a launch  for  the  town.  Soon  the  weather  grew 
calm  and  a favorable  wind  arose  so  that  the  general  took  to 
sail  and  left  the  royal  officers  on  land.  Next  day,  in  the  morn- 
ing, these  set  out  in  search  of  their  general  and  not  finding 


36 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


him  where  they  had  left  him,  sailed  along  the  coast  as  far 
as  the  bar  of  San  Mateo  which  from  that  point  is  connected 
with  Santa  Elena  by  means  of  a channel,  so  that  one  does  not 
have  to  go  out  to  sea. 

They  arrived  at  a town,  the  first  of  the  land  of  Guale, 
where  they  landed,  leaving  four  men  in  the  launch.  They  did 
not  know  that  the  country  was  in  a state  of  rebellion.  When 
they  entered  a hut,  these  royal  officers  and  soldiers  were  killed 
by  the  Indians  who  had  made  a sudden  inroad  upon  them.7 
Afterwards  they  killed  those  in  the  launch.  The  general  ar- 
rived at  Santa  Elena  and  when  he  was  informed  that  the  In- 
dians had  rebelled,  he  dispatched  a tender  with  thirteen  sol- 
diers to  search  diligently  for  the  royal  officers.  When  the  sol- 
diers arrived,  it  was  late. 

Having  placed  themselves  at  the  mouth  of  a channel  near 
the  town  of  Guale,  they  saw  the  Indians  making  great  fires, 
which  among  them  is  a means  of  giving  signals.  Within  an 
hour  of  their  arrival,  the  soldiers  saw  twelve  canoes  full  of 
Indian  warriors  coming  to  the  assistance  of  the  town.  Thus 
the  soldiers  knew  that  the  royal  officers  as  well  as  the  militia 
who  had:  gone  with  them,  were  dead.  The  Indians  invited  the 
soldiers  to  land,  promising  them  chickens  and  women. 

At  this,  the  soldiers  returned  to  Santa  Elena  with  one 
man  less,  whom  they  put  on  land  because  he  was  a spy.  So 
with  this  one  there  were  thirty-six  dead  all  told.  They  arrived 
near  the  fort  at  night,  and  because  the  sea-breeze  was  con- 
trary, they  left  the  tender  in  a river  and  went  to  the  fort  by 
land.  But  before  they  arrived  at  a quarter  of  a league  away, 
they  saw  a great  number  of  fires  ; also  a number  of  Indians 
dancing,  by  which  they  understood  that  the  fort  was  encom- 
passed.8 They  came  to  the  town  and  the  fort.  At  the  news 
that  the  royal  officials  and  those  who  had  gone  with  them,  had 
perished,  there  resulted  great  confusion  and  weeping  which 
the  people  made  over  them  with  notable  feeling. 

The  following  day,  the  general  sent  Captain  Solis  and 
nine  soldiers  to  overrun  the  island,  to  see  what  Indians  were 
abroad.  The  Indians,  who  were  in  ambush,  sent  one  of  their 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


37 


men  forward  to  skirmish  with  the  soldiers ; then  the  rest  came 
out  and  there  killed  them.  They  also  came  near  the  fort  so 
that  for  forty-five  days  they  advanced  twice  a day  to  assault 
it.  The  general  realizing  that  the  Spaniards  were  being  har- 
rassed,  and  that  there  was  a lack  of  hempen  fuses  which  they 
made  from  bed-sheets,  determined  that  all  the  people  who  did 
not  belong  to  the  military,  should  embark  and  go  to  St.  Augus- 
tine. He  remained  with  sixty  soldiers  and  burned  the  fort. 
The  general  made  use  of  a stratagem  in  this  fashion:  while 
he  was  asleep,  the  women,  as  if  by  force,  put  him  on  board 
ship.  (A  notary  of  his  land  has  given  testimony  of  this.)9 
The  soldiers  were  in  the  parrel  apportioning  those  who  were 
to  remain.  From  the  poop  the  governor  said  to  them  that  the 
women  had  forced  him  to  embark  and  that  all  should  come  on 
board  ship.  This  they  did  in  a hurry,  leaving  their  property 
to  the  pillage  of  their  enemies.  Hardly  had  they  lifted  anchor 
when  a multitude  of  Indians  came  running  to  the  fort  and  be- 
gan to  pillage  it  on  a grand  scale,  destroying  all  the  artillery 
in  the  fort.  The  Spaniards  arrived  at  St.  Augustine  where 
Velasco  left  in  his  place,  as  governor,  Gutierre  de  Miranda.10 
Then  Velasco  went  to  Spain  to  give  to  the  king  an  account  of 
what  had  happened  and  to  ask  for  help.  With  him  he  took 
seven  chests  of  the  annual  subsidy.  In  Spain  he  was  appre- 
hended and  examined  as  to  the  reason  of  his  coming  as  well 
as  concerning  his  resolution  which  resulted  in  the  destruction 
of  Santa  Elena. 

At  this  time  there  arrived  above  the  bar  of  St.  Augustine, 
a French  galleon  called  El  Principe. 11  This  ship  came,  dam- 
aged by  the  armada  which  Don  Cristobal  Eraso  brought.  It 
remained  anchored  for  three  days,  half  a league  from  the  bar. 
Knowing  that  Santa  Elena  had  been  depopulated  and  that  ar- 
tillery had  been  left  there,  the  sailors  went  to  the  bay.  A 
league  before  coming  to  the  bar,  the  ship  ran  into  a sand  bank 
where  it  was  destroyed.  The  mariners  were  not  able  to  save 
a thing,  not  even  the  food.  While  the  Indians  were  going  hunt- 
ing, they  discovered  the  men  and  made  an  assault  upon  them 


88 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


until  they  surrendered.  The  Indians  divided  them  up  as  slaves 
among-  the  caciques  of  Guale  and  Escamacu. 

NOTES 

V 

father  Ore  appears  to  be  making  use  of  documentary  evi- 
dence on  Indian  affairs  in  Florida.  Relative  to  the  Escamacu 
massacre  of  which  Father  Ore  subsequently  treats,  Mary  Ross 
writes : “Sometime  before  that  disaster  Solis,  the  commander 

at  Santa  Elena,  had  unwisely  interfered  with  a local  quarrel 
in  Guale,  even  going  so  far  as  to  execute  some  of  the  Indian 
leaders  who  had  put  to  death  a fellow  chieftain,  who  happened 
to  be  a Christian.  That  drastic  step  had  aroused  bitter  feel- 
ings in  Guale  against  the  Spaniards,  and  now,  linked  with  the 
hatred  that  had  arisen  in  Orista,  it  caused  disaffection  among 
the  natives  along  the  entire  Georgia-Carolina  seaboard.” 
“French  Intrusions  and  Indian  Uprisings  in  Georgia  and  South 
Carolina  (1577-1580) ,”  The  Georgia  Historical  Quarterly,  VII 
(1928),  254.  A brief  account  of  these  uprisings  is  given  in 
a letter  of  Bartolome  Martinez  to  the  king,  Havana,  February 
17,  1577,  in  Connor,  Colonial  Records  I,  289-241. 

2The  events  and  those  of  the  two  subsequent  chapters  are 
given  in  a document  of  the  year  1577  entitled:  Report  of  the 
Uprising  of  the  Indians  of  Florida,  and  Loss  of  the  Fort  of 
Santa  Elena,  in  Connor,  Colonial  Records,  I,  192-208.  The 
soldiers  twenty-one  in  number  under  Captain  Moyano  set  out 
from  Santa  Elena  for  Orista  in  search  of  food.  On  the  In- 
dians refusing  to  provide  the  food,  Moyano  seized  it,  while  the 
Indians  retired  and  prepared  for  battle.  Connor,  Colonial 
Records,  I,  195.  For  variation  of  the  details  of  this  battle 
and  its  antecedents  see,  Connor,  Colonial  Records  I,  192-208. 

3Once  more,  history  is  entirely  dependent  on  the  veracity 
of  Calderon  as  to  what  happened  in  Orista.  He  was  the  one 
survivor  who  reached  Santa  Elena  to  tell  the  story. 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


39 


4The  Indians  killed  three  groups  of  Spaniards  at  this  time. 
Captain  Solis  and  eight  soldiers  were  killed  in  July,  1576. 
Again  five  men,  including  an  interpreter,  were  regarded  as 
dead  in  Guale.  On  another  occasion  the  Indians  killed  four 
officials  and  five  soldiers  en  route  from  Santa  Elena  to  St. 
Augustine.  Letter  of  Bartolome  Martinez  to  the  king,  in 
Connor,  Colonial  Records , I,  241. 

5”Early  ini  1576  . . . the  other  son-in-law  of  the  great 
adelantado,  Hernando  de  Miranda,  to  whom  the  adelantado  had 
left  his  title  and  offices  in  Florida,  became,  through  the  ac- 
quiescence of  the  king  in  1575,  the  second  regularly  appointed 
adelantado  and  captain-general  and  governor  of  Florida,  since 
actual  colonization.”  J.  A.  Robertson,  in  Connor’s  Colonial 
Records  of  Spanish  Florida , II,  xxv-xxvi. 

6In  March,  1575,  a petition  from  Hernando  de  Miranda 
who  described  himself  as  the  husband  of  Dona  Catalina  Me- 
nendez,  was  read  by  the  Council  of  the  Indies.  In  that  peti- 
tion Miranda  asserted:  “It  so  happens  that  the  said  Adelan- 

tado, in  the  asiento  he  made  concerning  the  conquest  of  Flori- 
da aforesaid,  concluded  the  contract  not  only  in  his  favor , but 
in  mine , and  so  arranged  that  by  the  said  asiento,  I was  to 
possess  all  what  whereof  he  had  had  or  did  have  possession  ” 
A Petition  of  Hernando  de  Miranda  to  the  king,  Madrid,  March 
7,  1575,  in  Connor,  Colonial  Records,  I,  117.  On  the  strength 
of  this  original  asiento  or  capitulacion,  Miranda  received  the 
governorship  of  Florida.  Connor,  Colonial  Records,  I,  119. 

7On  this  occasion  the  factor,  Diego  de  Otalora,  the  treas- 
urer, Pedro  Menendez  the  younger,  the  assistant  accountant, 
Miguel  Moreno,  the  notary  and  five  soldiers  were  killed.  Bar- 
tolome Martinez  to  the  king,  Havana,  February  17,  1577,  in 
Connor,  Colonial  Records,  I,  241. 

8 A description  of  the  loss  of  the  fort  at  Santa  Elena  is 
given  in  the  document  entitled  Report  on  the  Uprising  of  the 
Indians  of  Florida,  and  Loss  of  the  Fort  of  Santa  Elena,  in 
Connor,  Colonial  Records,  I,  193-203.  Likewise,  in  the  Letter 
of  Bartolome  Martinez  to  the  king,  Connor,  Colonial  Records, 
I,  241. 


40 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


9Is  Father  Ore  citing  a document  he  saw  or  is  he  giving 
the  testimony  derived  orally  from  the  unnamed  notary  or  from 
a third  party?  This  opera  bouffe,  if  reliable  may  be  looked 
upon  as  the  first  feminine  cotop  d’etat  perpetrated  in  what  is 
now  United  States  territory.  Perhaps  the  story  was  put  in 
writing  to  discredit  Miranda  all  the  more.  From  the  circum- 
stances of  the  rebellious  Indians  and  the  poor  defense  the 
Spaniards  were  able  to  offer  it  would  appear  that  Miranda’s 
recourse  to  so  unheroic  an  act  was  quite  unnecessary. 

10When  the  visitador,  Baltasar  del  Castillo  de  Ahedo  ar- 
rived in  Florida  in  November,  1576,  he  found  Captain  Gutierre 
de  Miranda  serving  as  lieutenant-governor  of  Florida  in 
place  of  Hernando  de  Miranda.  Baltasar  del  Castillo  de 
Ahedo,  Visitador  to  Florida,  to  his  Majesty,  Havana,  Febru- 
ary 12,  1577,  Connor,  Colonial  Records,  I,  203-205. 

11The  ship  El  Principe  is  mentioned  in  a letter  of  Pedro 
Menendez  Marques  to  the  king,  Santa  Elena,  October  21,  1577, 
in  Connor,  Colonial  Records,  I,  269  and  in  a letter  of  Francisco 
Carreno,  governor  of  Cuba  to  Philip  II,  Havana,  December  10, 
1577,  in  Connor,  Colonial  Records,  I,  337.  The  ship  was 
wrecked  in  a storm  at  Santa  Elena  in  December,  1576.  Most 
of  the  men  were  slain  by  the  Indians.  The  rest  were  retained 
as  slaves. 


VI 


The  Appointment  of  Pedro  Menendez  Marques  to 
the  Governorship  of  Florida  ; the  Religious  of  St.  Francis 
who  Set  Out  for  the  Conversion  of  the  Natives  ; and  an 
Account  of  Jacan. 

In  the  year  1577,  His  Majesty  ordered  Pedro  Menendez 
Marques,  nephew  of  the  Adelantado,  to  take  with  him  infantry 
and  rebuild  the  fort  of  Santa  Elena,  with  the  title  of  Governor 
of  Florida  and  its  provinces.1  Marques  was  then  admiral  of 
the  galleons  of  the  Indies’  fleet  and  accountant  of  Florida. 
When  the  general  arrived,  he  discussed  the  restoration  of  the 
fort  of  Santa  Elena  and  took  one  hundred  soldiers  with  him. 
These  had  many  encounters  with  the  Indians  until  the  fort 
was  built.  From  Santa.  Elena  as  a center,  they  went  forth  to 
burn  the  Indian  villages  and  to  inflict  whatever  damage  they 
could.  In  one  of  these  assaults,  they  killed  and  captured 
a hundred  and  twenty  persons,  while  in  the  province  of  Guale 
they  burned  all  the  towns  so  that  when  the  Indians  saw  their 
villages  overrun  and  their  people  dead  or  in  captivity  they  sub- 
mitted, made  peace  and  asked  for  religious  who  would  instruct 
them  in  the  things  necessary  for  receiving  baptism  and  em- 
bracing Christianity.  Thus  they  went  about  straightening  out 
matters  and  subduing  the  Indians.2  The  first  Christian  towns 
were  Nombre  de  Dios  and  San  Sebastian  for  so  they  named 
those  towns  which  are  near  St.  Augustine.3 

In  the  year  1585  it  became  known  that  the  English  came 
to  settle  on  the  coast  of  Jacan.4  On  receiving  orders  from  His 
Majesty,  General  Pedro  Menendez  left  St.  Augustine  in  a 
frigate  and  sailed  towards  Jacan  to  reconnoitre  it  and  ascer- 
tain what  he  could  about  the  settlement.  So  in  the  year  1587 
he  came  near  the  place  but  encountered  a tempest  so  dire  that 
he  was  forced  to  put  into  harbor  with  great  risk  to  himself. 

41 


42 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


He  came  to  Havana  and  then  set  out  for  St.  Augustine  where 
he  arrived  in  July.  He  and  Juan  de  Texeda,  captain-general 
of  the  army,  agreed  that  the  fort  of  Santa  Elena  should  be 
reduced  in  favor  of  that  of  St.  Augustine.  On  his  arrival  he 
soon  carried  this  out. 

This  was  done  in  view  of  the  fact  that  the  year  before 
(1586) 5 the  corsair  Francis  Drake  had  burned  the  fort  of  St. 
Augustine  by  the  aid  of  a great  force  of  infantry  and  the 
artillery  which  he  put  on  land ; also  because  of  the  few  people 
and  the  meager  defense  which  there  was  in  the  presidio.  Con- 
cerning this,  a bugler  who  had  gone  over  to  him,  gave  him  the 
information.  During  the  time  he  was  in  the  port,  however, 
great  damage  was  inflicted  on  him,  such  as  launches  that  were 
sunk,  and  a number  of  Englishmen  who  were  killed.  One  in 
particular  was  a person  of  note  who  was  killed  by  a soldier, 
Luis  Fernandez.  Him  he  killed  with  a single  shot.  Fernandez 
is  living  today,  very  old  and  poor  and  with  children.  Drake 
had  such  feeling  for  him  that  he  ordered  a gun  to  be  fired 
as  a signal  to  depart.  Drake  left  and  returned  to  his  course 
of  piracy  in  which  he  was  engaged.  Much  more  damage  would 
have  been  inflicted  on  him  and  a greater  resistance  given,  had 
it  not  been  necessary  to  give  attention  to  repairing  the  dam- 
age which  the  Indians  from  the  interior  of  Icaste  and  Cacacolo6 
intended  to  do,  namely,  to  rebel  and  to  capture  the  women  and 
children  who  were  in  safe  keeping  in  the  woods.  The  Indians 
intended  to  take  these  to  themselves.  In  their  councils  they 
had  already  apportioned  the  women  out  according  to  the 
status  of  the  women  and  Indians  alike. 

His  Majesty  considered  it  well  to  listen  to  the  advice 
given  him  concerning  the  harm  done  and  the  expense  which 
afterwards  would  have  to  be  sustained  in  order  to  reconquer 
the  Indians.  Moreover,  since  the  infantrymen  were  so  few 
in  the  presidio,  it  was  impossible  to  resist  the  great  force  of 
the  enemy  in  a fort  constructed  of  wood  and  sand,  without 
hope  of  succor. 

In  the  month  of  December,  in  the  year  1587,  there  came 
from  Castille,  Fray  Alonso  Reinoso,  of  the  Order  of  Our 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


43 


Holy  Father  St.  Francis,  with  fellow-religious,  for  the  con- 
version of  the  Indians.7  These  religious  were  stationed  in  the 
towns  of  Nombre  de  Dios  and  San  Sebastian,  in  San  Antonio 
and  its  district,  in  San  Pedro  and  San  Juan  and  in  other 
places  in  their  jurisdictions.8  1 

Some  years  before,  at  the  request  of  General  Pedro  Me- 
nendez  Marques,  the  same  Fray  Alonso  de  Reinoso  entered 
Florida  with  the  first  companions  be  brought  with  him.9  There 
they  were  engaged  in  the  land  of  Guale,  in  Tolomato,  Tupi- 
qui,10  Santa  Elena  and  St.  Augustine,  Everywhere  they  be- 
gan to  gather  abundant  fruit  by  preaching  and  exhortation. 
A number  of  people  were  baptized  and  became  Christians.  In 
the  beginning  the  missionaries  notably  lamented  the  situation, 
not  because  there  were  no  Christians, — for  there  were  Chris- 
tians and  at  that  not  by  force,  but  of  their  own  free  wills, — 
but  because  of  those  who  were  not,  and  these  latter  constituted 
the  greater  part  of  every  town.  These  infidels  persecuted  the 
Christian  Indians  and  held  them  as  outcasts  among  them,  of- 
fering them  a thousand  injurious  affronts,  which  they  suf- 
fered and  which  were  turned  into  precious  pearls  for  them. 
This  persecution  lasted  twenty  years.  During  this  same 
period  there  were  always  Indian  ambuscades  about  the  town, 
for  when  a soldier  carelessly  went  out  for  wood,  or  to  fish  or 
hunt  or  for  some  other  reason,  the  Indians  immediately  killed 
him,  as  has  been  told  in  previous  chapters.  To  this  end  they 
employed  their  force  and  ingenuity  so  that  no  Spaniard, 
neither  his  crops  nor  his  cattle  should  remain  in  the  land.  God 
wished,  however,  that  this  difficult  situation  be  gradually 
straightened  out  and  be  changed  to  the  desirable  state  of  af- 
fairs that  now  obtains,  namely  that  the  Indians  consider  it  an 
honor  to  be  Christians ; they  even  persecute  those  who  are  not 
and  offer  them  affronts  in  such  a manner  that  we  religious 
find  it  necessary  to  become  the  defenders  and  protectors  of 
the  Hanopiras11  among  the  Christian  Indians.  This  term  sig- 
nifies a painted  man  because  the  pagans  in  greater  part  go 
about  smeared  and  painted  with  a bright  reddish  color,  and 
when  this  is  lacking  they  paint  themselves  with  soot  and  char- 


44 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


coal.  In  this  the  Indians  of  Florida  are  similar  to  those  pa- 
gans and  barbarous  Indians  who  live  in  the  cordilleras  of  Peru. 
Both  make  use  of  arrows,  but  in  Peru  they  go  about  clothed, 
or  at  least,  are  less  naked  than  the  Indians  here.  The  Peru- 
vians excel  in  being  more  warlike.  But  the  Indians  of  Florida 
are  not  addicted  to  the  vice  of  drunkenness,  to  which  all  the 
Indians,  both  of  New  Spain  and  Peru,  are  given.12 

In  the  following  year,  1588,  at  the  end  of  the  month  of 
May,  Captain  Vincente  Gonzales  left  from  the  port  and:  presi- 
dio of  St.  Augustine.  With  Gonzales  went  the  sergeant-ma- 
jor, Juan  Menendez  Marques  and  thirty  soldiers  and  sailors  in 
a long  bark  which  had  come  from  San  Lucar13  to  Havana  the 
year  before  as  a dispatch  boat.  This  boat  was  bought  for 
the  expedition  to  Jacan.  The  purpose  of  this  expedition  was 
to  run  along  the  coast  up  to  the  Bay  of  Madre  de  Dios,  in 
order  to  try  to  obtain  knowledge  of  and  to  reconnoitre  the 
English  settlement  and  fortification.34  After  they  made  the 
journey  along  the  coast,  the  party  came  to  Santa  Elena  and 
found  the  Indians  at  peace;  the  same  was  true  at  the  port  of 
Cayagua,15  which  they  judged  to  be  a good  port.  Then  they 
followed  the  coast,  having  passed  the  cape  of  San  Roman.16 
They  spoke  with  the  Indians  but  the  interpreters  whom  they 
had  brought  along  did  not  understand  their  language.  They 
continued  their  journey,  passing  the  Cape  of  Trafalgar17  and 
that  of  San  Juan;18  likewise  two  other  ports.  Whereupon 
they  arrived  at  the  Bay  of  Madre  de  Dios  de  Jacan,  in  the 
month  of  June,  in  the  year  1588. 

The  mouth  of  the  bay  is  about  three  leagues  wide,19  with- 
out shoals  or  reefs,  and  is  more  than  eight  fathoms  deep.  It 
runs  northwest-southeast  and  forms  a large  round  gulf.  Be- 
tween the  entrance  and  the  place  where  one  reaches  the  main- 
land, it  extends  toward  the  west  and  the  northwest  for  about 
three  leagues.  In  the  east-west  direction,  at  the  mouth,  on 
the  mainland,  there  is  a good  port  which  at  its  entrance  has  a 
depth  of  three  fathoms.20  A little  less  than  two  leagues  from 
there,  there  is  another  port  toward  the  northwest,21  where 
Captain  Gonzales  said  he  had  landed  when  he  brought  the  re- 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


45 


ligious  of  the  Society,  whom  Don  Luis  and  his  accomplices  put 
to  death,  as  has  already  been  told. 

Captain  Gonzales  said  that  on  a plain  which  is  beyond 
a ravine  and  where  there  was  a group  of  pine  trees,  an  altar 
had  been  erected  and  Mass  had  been  said.  From  there  he  re- 
turned toward  the  east,  where  on  the  mainland  of  that  area, 
but  within  the  bay  and  near  some  small  islands  and  an  inlet, 
the  Adelantado  had  been.  It  was  there  that  the  Adelantado 
finished  the  gunwales  of  two  frigates  in  which  he  sailed  for 
Castille  from  that  place.22 

Thereupon  they  departed  from  the  said  port,  and  coasting 
along  the  shore  of  the  mainland  toward  the  north,  they  dis- 
covered another  port  which  appeared  to  be  a good  one  and  of 
great  depth.  On  the  shore  there  was  an  abundance  of  large 
stone,  while  the  cape  of  the  land  to  the  north  formed  a high 
headland.  These  three  ports  can  be  seen  at  one  glance  from 
the  mouth  of  the  bay ; the  last,  however,  only  faintly. 

As  they  continued  to  sail  north,  the  land  from  the  east 
jutted  into  the  bay.  It  became  narrower  in  such  a manner 
that  at  its  narrowest  place,  from  the  western  shore  whence  it 
stretched  toward  the  eastern  part,  it  was  two  leagues.23  After 
that  they  discovered  coves  and  inlets  as  well  as  rivers  along 
the  western  shore.  Then  they  came  upon  a large  fresh  water 
river,  which,  where  it  entered  the  bay,  was  more  than  six 
fathoms  deep.  To  the  north  there  was  very  high  land,  with 
ravines,  but  without  trees,  delightful  and  free,  which  had  the 
aspect  of  a green  field  and  was  pleasant  to  behold:.  On  the 
south  shore  of  this  river  the  beach  is  very  calm  and  is  lined 
with  small  pebbles.  Farther  up  on  the  south  bank  of  the 
same  river  there  appeared  a delightful  valley,  wooded,  and 
pleasant  land  which  seemed  to  be  fertile  and  adaptable  to  stock 
raising  and  farming.  This  river  was  located  in  latitude  of  38 
degrees.  They  named  it  San  Pedro.24 

They  continued  to  sail  north  along  the  western  shore  and 
passed  the  night  in  a small  inlet  under  the  protection  of  high 
and  well-shaded  land.  The  next  day  many  Indians  came  to 


46 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


the  beach,  and  the  one  among  them  who  appeared  to  have  the 
greater  dignity,  wore  a necklace,  which  seemed  to  be  of  fine 
gold.  There  they  seized  an  Indian  youth  of  about  fifteen 
years  of  age.25 

Advancing  farther,  they  discovered  many  other  ports  and 
important  rivers  which  entered  the  bay  from  the  western 
shore  until  they  came  to  latitude  3526  where  they  discovered 
mountain  ridges  which  were  very  high  and  which  ran  in  the 
direction  of  south-west,  north-east.  Still  more  rivers  were  dis- 
covered. Soon  in  the  middle  of  the  bay  there  appeared  a small 
island27  while  along  the  western  shore  the  depth  began  to  di- 
minish to  such  an  extent  that  they  could  go  no  further.  They 
found  it  necessary  to  turn  eastward.  In  front  of  the  island, 
the  land  was  high  and  broken  and  well  wooded.  Near  the  is- 
land on  the  eastern  shore  there  were  shoals  of  greater  or  lesser 
depth.  Sailing  closer  toward  the  eastern  shore,  they  found  a 
channel  of  great  depth.28  Continuing  still  farther  north,  they 
found  that  the  hills  began  to  encircle  the  view. 

In  different  parts  they  found  mouths  of  rivers  and  coves. 
Where  this  semi-circular  bay  ends,  it  is  about  as  wide  as  the 
harbor  of  Cadiz.29  More  than  two  or  three  leagues,  before 
they  reached  the  terminus  of  the  bay,  they  found  that  the 
water  was  fresh.  That  evening  they  were  on  the  point  of  en- 
tering a river  toward  the  north,  north-west  between  some 
high  hills  and  rocks.30  At  high  tide  the  mouth  was  more  than 
three  fathoms  deep.  Because  it  was  already  night,  at  about 
a quarter  of  a league  from  there,  they  cast  anchor.  At  dawn, 
there  was  low  tide.  It  was  almost  a miracle  that  the  bark  re- 
mained between  the  rocks  by  which  the  river  was  enclosed 
from  one  side  to  the  other.  At  great  risk,  and  amid  shouts 
and  orders,31  it  sailed  forth  as  far  as  the  mouth  of  the  river 
which  was  clear.  There  they  saw  a small  shad,32  dead  and 
floating  on  the  water,  which  was  of  no  use.  In  a brook  which 
came  down  between  the  rocks,  some  small  trout  were  seen, 
like  those  of  the  mountains.  This  was  the  eve  of  the  feast 
of  St.  John  the  Baptist,  and  out  of  devotion  they  called  the 
river  San  Juan  de  las  Penas.33 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


47 


They  went  up  to  the  sierra  on  the  level  place  and  beheld 
on  the  other  side,  another  river,  and  together  with  it  ranges 
of  hills  and  rolling  land.34  Below  in  the  fold  of  this  range 
there  was  a fair  valley  with  trees,  with  fertile  and  pleasing 
land.  From  the  latitude  of  38  degrees  up  to  the  end,  there 
is  found  a great  quantity  of  chestnuts  and  large  walnuts  as 
well  as  wild  vines  with  bulky  grapes.  The  same  day  they 
departed  from  that  river  and  went  along  the  coast  toward  the 
east  at  a good  rate,  where  they  discovered  a very  agreeable 
inlet, 55  thick  with  trees  where  many  deer  appeared.  They  en- 
tered it  toward  the  north,  and  sailed  as  far  as  its  extremity. 
Then  they  landed  on  a pleasant  beach,  below  some  small  ra- 
vines. At  that  termination  there  was  a quiet  and  pleasant 
valley,  containing  trees,  without  any  craggy  place.  In  it  they 
found  many  deer.  They  killed  one  of  these  and  made  a feast 
of  it  on  the  day  of  the  glorious  Saint  John  the  Baptist. 

Captain  Vincente  Gonzales  and  the  pilot  Gines  Pinzon 
took  the  latitude  which  they  found  to  be  at  about  40  degrees.36 
They  had  taken  it  also  at  the  first  port  after  they  had  entered 
the  bay  and  there  they  found  it  to  be  at  37  degrees  and  37 
minutes.37  On  that  same  day,  the  feast  of  St.  John,  they  left 
that  end  of  the  bay  and  sailed  south  along  the  western  shore. 
In  view  of  the  fact  that  one  of  the  Indians  had  been  captured 
there  (as  mentioned  before)38  no  Indian  appeared  along  the 
western  shore  until  the  feast  of  Sts.  Peter  and  Paul.39  In  the 
morning  they  crossed  to  the  eastern  shore  and  came  to  some 
small  islands  which  are  within  view  of  the  mouth  of  the  bay. 
There  they  landed. 

From  that  place  to  a spot  farther  on,  and  in  view  of  the 
cove  where  the  Adelantado  had  been,  they  steered  for  land, 
but  because  the  water  had  little  depth,  they  could  not  reach 
it.  Many  Indians  both  men  and  women  came  to  the  beach. 
When  some  came  to  the  bark,  after  wading  in  water  up  to 
their  knees,  the  Spaniards  seized  one  of  them  and  sailed 
away.40  When  they  departed  from  the  bay,  it  was  evening. 
All  that  night  they  navigated  toward  the  south  with  the  help 
of  a strong  west  wind.  The  same  was  true  all  the  next  day 


48 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


till  sunset.  The  wind,  however,  became  too  strong,  and  they 
were  forced  to  unmast  the  ship.  By  rowing  they  came  to  the 
shore  and  interned  at  a bar  of  very  shallow  depth.  Within 
the  bar  there  was  a large  cove  to  the  south,  which  at  low  tide 
remained  almost  dry.  The  view  toward  the  north  showed  a 
great  portion  of  the  bay  as  well  as  a large  arm  to  the  north- 
west, while  the  land  was  thickly  wooded.  Also,  along  the 
coast,  to  the  north,  there  appeared  another  mouth  which 
seemed  to  be  better  than  the  one  they  had  entered.  That 
portion  of  the  coast,  for  about  a league,  between  one  bar  and 
another,  is  low  and  broken  by  sand.  In  the  interior  of  the 
region  where  they  were,  there  was.  a ship-yard,  indicated  by 
the  presence  of  sloops,  while  on  the  land  there  were  some  re- 
mains of  English  barrels^  Besides,  there  were  other  signs  of 
debris,  indicating  that  people  had  been  there.41 

The  next  day  they  again  departed.  They  found  the  lati- 
tude to  be  85 degrees.42  Continuing  toward  the  south,  they 
passed  the  three  capes  referred  to  before.43  Then  in  turn  they 
passed  the  ports  of  Cayagua,  Santa  Elena  and  the  whole  land 
of  Guale  until  they  arrived  at  the  island  of  San  Pedro  which 
was  then  thickly  populated  with  native  Indians.  There  they 
found  Fray  Baltasar  Lopez  who  was  beginning  to  gather 
abundant  fruit  in  that  mission.  He  had  already  baptized  many 
Indians.  By  these,  the  navigators  were  well  received:  and 
regaled  according  to  what  they  had  asked,  for  they  arrived 
in  great  need  of  provisions.44 

After  they  passed  the  bar  of  this  island,  they  returned  to 
St.  Augustine,  in  the  month  of  July,  in  the  same  year,  1588. 
This  trip  of  exploration  and  discovery,  from  start  to  finish, 
they  made  in  a little  less  than  a month  and  a half,  according 
to  this  report,  so  exact  and  prolix,  which  was  made  by  the  said 
sergeant-major  Juan  Menendez,45  who  at  present  is  the  royal 
treasurer  in  the  city  of  St.  Augustine. 

Because  the  description  of  the  Bay  of  Madre  de  Dios  and 
of  the  ports  with  their  latitudes,  and  of  the  directions  of  their 
explorations  is  so  trustworthy  and  so  necessary  for  the  time 
when  Your  Majesty  may  be  pleased  to  command  that  the  bay 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


49 


be  cleared  of  the  robbers  who  have  occupied  it  and  fortified  it 
for  thirty  years,46  it  seemed  well  that  I should  dwell  on  it  at 
some  length. 

This  same  information  was  obtained  from  what  was 
learned  at  Havana,  from  a pilot,  Pedro  Diaz  Franco,47  namely, 
that  the  port  which  was  referred  to  above  as  being*  at  85  y2  de- 
grees latitude,  and  where  the  remains  of  the  English  barrels 
were  seen,  was  the  location  of  the  English  settlement.  He 
reported  further  that  they  had  taken  him  along  on  two  voy- 
ages and  that  at  that  time,  it  had  about  three  hundred  men 
and  as  many  women. 

To  the  question  why  they  had  not  seen  the  settlement 
from  the  bark,  since  they  reached  the  place  where  the  remains 
were,  he  answered  that  he  was  not  able  to  see,  since  it  was 
ten  leagues  from  the  port  by  the  arm  above  the  shore  of  the 
northern  entrance.  Another  reason  was  that  they  tried  to 
conceal  their  purpose  until  they  should  discover  good  land  for 
settlement  and  fortification.48 

The  same  was  said  by  David  Glavid  who  was  brought  to 
the  city  of  St.  Augustine  from  Havana  where  he  was  forced 
to  serve  in  the  galleys.  He  said  the  English  had  brought  him 
thither  by  force.  But  he  said  more : that  they  penetrated  the 
interior  for  many  leagues  up  a river  and  that  a quantity  of 
gold  dust  was  obtained.  This  David  Glavid  who  gave  this  in- 
formation, said  he  was  an  Irishman.49 

Having  obtained  the  account  of  the  voyage  from  the  cap- 
tain and  sergeant-major  Vincente  Gonzales  and  the  one  which 
the  pilot  Pedro  Diaz  Franco  gave,  General  Pedro  Menendez  de- 
sired to  go  to  Castille,  leaving  in  his  place  his  brother-in-law, 
Juan  de  Posadas  and  taking  with  him  his  first  cousin,  ser- 
geant-major, Juan  Menendez.  But  he  encountered  adverse 
weather  and  suffered  a torn  sail.  This  brought  him  in  sight 
of  Bermuda,  Puerto  Rico  and  Santo  Domingo.  Unable  to  make 
any  other  port,  he  arrived  at  La  Yeguana50  in  dire  necessity. 
Wishing  to  continue  his  voyage  and  to  disembark  at  Cape  San 
Nicolas,51  he  was  prevented  by  the  lack  of  sufficient  wind. 
Consequently  he  was  forced  to  double  the  point  of  Mayci52  and 


50 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


take  the  way  of  the  old  channel  to  Havana.  From  there  he 
went  to  St.  Augustine,  whence  he  started  out  again  for  Cas- 
tille  on  May  18,  1859.  He  entered  the  port  of  San  Lucar  on 
July  5 of  the  same  year  accompanied  by  Fray  Alonso  de 
Reinoso53  and  the  sergeant-major.  He  then  went  to  court  and 
gave  an  account  to  His  Majesty  of  the  discovery  spoken  of 
before. 

He  was  told  to  return  to  Havana  with  four  supply  ships, 
with  infantry,  provisions,  stores  and  munitions  and  from  there 
to  take  the  galleys  and  merchant  ships,  as  it  would  seem  fit- 
ting to  him,  and  go  to  St.  Augustine.  There  he  was  to  station 
the  new  troops  and  take  the  seasoned  ones  with  him  to  35% 
degrees.  He  was  to  enter  St.  Augustine  with  the  galleys  and 
merchant  ships  since  the  bar  has  little  depth,  and  send  the 
supply  ships  to  the  bay.  And  after  reconnoitering  the  lay 
of  the  land,  he  was  to  erect  a fort  in  the  place  which  to  him 
appeared  most  suitable.  He  was  to  leave  there  the  best  equip- 
ment he  could  afford  with  three  hundred  infantry  men.  More- 
over, he  was  to  give  orders  to  the  alcaide 54  in  charge,  that  at 
the  most  opportune  time,  either  he  or  his  lieutenant  should 
explore  the  interior  in  order  to  reconnoitre  the  land,  and  sat- 
isfy themselves  as  to  the  topography  and  to  find  out  whether 
there  were  any  mines. 

Such  was  the  understanding.  Nevertheless,  this  order 
was  not  carried  out  because  soon  another  was  issued  whereby 
General  Pedro  Menendez  was  instructed  to  go  to  Tierra  Firme 
with  two  lateen-rigged  vessels,  and  in  these,  he  was  to  bring 
to  Castille  the  silver,  gold  and  pearls  belonging  to  His  Ma- 
jesty.55 This  he  did,  leaving  the  Bay  of  Cadiz  on  May  16,  1590. 
He  returned  with  the  treasure,  entering  the  port  of  Viana  de 
Camina56  on  September  4,  of  the  same  year.  The  sergeant- 
major,  Juan  Menendez,  took  the  news  of  the  arrival  to  His  Ma- 
jesty of  glorious  memory  to  the  Escorial,  while  the  treasure 
was  taken  to  the  mint  at  Segovia. 

In  the  year,  1591,  Pedro  Menendez  was  placed  in  charge 
of  the  frigates  belonging  to  the  fleet  of  the  Indies,  as  well 
as  of  the  carriage  of  the  silver  from  Tierra  Firme  and  New 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


51 


Spain,  Having  gone  to  Nombre  de  Dios,57  he  returned  to  San 
Lucar  de  Barrameda  in  the  month  of  January,  1592, 

In  the  following  year  1593,  His  Majesty  was  informed 
that  in  the  presidio  of  St.  Augustine  the  people  were  refusing 
obedience  to  the  governor,  Gutierre  de  Miranda,  who  was 
governing  the  presidio  by  virtue  of  a royal  cedula,  in  the  ab- 
sence of  General  Pedro  Menendez.  News  was  likewise  received 
that  Rodrigo  de  Junco  was  drowned  at  the  bar  of  San  Mateo. 
He  had  come  to  govern  by  virtue  of  a royal  cedula . Likewise 
the  captain,  Juan  de  Posadas,  was  drowned.  He  had  come  to 
take  the  place  of  the  treasurer,  because  of  the  death  of  Juan 
de  Cebadilla.  When  the  king  received  this  news,  he  ordered 
General  Pedro  Menendez  to  go  to  the  presidio  of  St.  Augustine 
and  put  down  the  uprising  against  the  governor. 

But  he  had  hardly  gone,  when  sickness  overtook  him  so 
that  he  was  forced  to  ask  the  king  to  send  another  person 
who  was  satisfactory,  in  his  place.  So  there  were  provided 
for  Florida,  a governor  and  captain-general,  a treasurer  and 
accountant  who  were  respectively:  Domingo  Martinez  de 
Avendano,58  Juan  Menendez,  the  sergeant-major,  and  Barto- 
lome  de  Argiielles. 

The  Indian  who  had  been  apprehended  on  the  eastern  side 
of  the  bay,  died  in  the  port  of  San  Pedro,  of  anger  and  melan- 
choly. The  one  who  had  been  first  apprehended,  went  to  Cas^ 
tille.  He  accompanied  the  general  in  a lateen-rigged  vessel, 
but  on  the  return  voyage,  he  died  at  Viana  of  the  small-pox. 
Being  already  a Christian,  they  buried  him  in  the  convent  of 
Santo  Domingo.  He  was  a linguist  and  spoke  much  about  the 
excellence  and  fertility  of  his  land  and  about  the  gold  that 
was  in  it.  This,  in  his  native  tongue  he  called  tapisco.59 

Some  years  later,  in  the  month  of  June,  in  the  year  1609, 
the  governor,  Pedro  Ybarra,60  sent  Captain  Francisco  Fernan- 
dez de  Ecija  in  a light  vessel  with  infantry  and  sailors,  to- 
gether with  the  major-pilot  of  Florida,  Andres  Gonzales,  to 
reconnoitre  the  English  settlement  which  was  said  to  be  es- 
tablished on  the  bay,  and  which  was  thought  to  have  a large 
fortification  as  well  as  a great  number  of  soldiers  and  settlers. 


52 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


This  expedition  entered  the  mouth  of  the  bay.  After  having 
recognized  a large  ship  within,  in  the  region  of  the  islands, 
they  retraced  their  steps,  without  having  been  able  to  detect 
anything  else  and  then  returned  to  St.  Augustine  with  the 
report.61 

In  the  month  of  June,  in  1611,  there  passed  by  the  presidio 
Don  Diego  de  Molina  and  an  ensign  named  Marco  Antonio  and 
an  English  pilot  in  a caravel,  in  which  they  later  arrived  at 
the  bay.  When  the  three  landed,  the  English  seized  them  and 
said  that  they  were  sending  an  English  pilot  who  would  take 
the  caravel  further  in,  which  according  to  the  information 
they  received  was  the  first  port  on  the  mainland  within  the 
bay.  The  Portuguese  on  the  caravel  apprehended  the  English 
pilot,  took  to  sail  and  went  with  him  to  Havana,  leaving  the 
three  aforementioned  friends  with  the  English.62 

Since  the  fortification  and  the  settlement  were  so  strong, 
as  it  is  understood,  great  strength  of  arms  will  be  necessary 
to  dislodge  them.  According  to  the  view  of  him  who  entered 
and  saw  the  situation  of  the  bay,  which  we  have  described,  it 
will  be  necessary  to  enter  it  with  three  sturdy  galleons  and  a 
dispatch-boat,  two  galleys,  and  two  long  barks,  built  with  care 
and  light  in  structure.  For  it  will  be  necessary  to  go  in  and 
come  out  with  ease,  the  various  parts  and  places  which  it 
might  be  fitting  to  investigate  within  the  bay.  The  galleons, 
dispatch-boat  and  galleys  must  be  well  supplied  with  artillery, 
arms,  munitions  and  supplies,  manned  by  about  a thousand 
soldiers,  artillerymen,  the  necessary  sailors  and  an  engineer. 
Likewise  there  is  needed  a quantity  of  armor,  of  sail  cloth 
and  cotton,  well  basted.  With  these  preparations  one  will 
be  able  to  reconnoitre  with  this  end  in  view  and  obtain  definite 
information  concerning  the  fortification,  settlement,  and  mili- 
tary strength  of  the  enemy.  Moreover  with  the  galleons  and 
galleys,  one  will  be  enabled  to  obstruct  the  enemy’s  commerce 
and  trade  with  England,  vexing  and  disturbing  the  settlement 
at  the  same  time  on  land  by  skirmishes  and  ambuscades.  For 
within  the  bay  there  are  favorable  places,  ports  and  rivers  to 
serve  these  purposes,  and  to  erect  a fortification  wherein  to 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


53 


lodge  themselves  and  thence  to  go  out  and  dislodge  the  enemy. 
By  this  means  that  seizure  of  territory  will  come  to  naught  in 
a short  time,  as  well  as  the  other  which  they  are  now  fortify- 
ing in  latitude  of  33  degrees  in  the  island  of  Bermuda. 

The  enemy’s  ships  arrive  from  England  with  practical 
security,  there  being  no  one  to  resist  them  or  to  thwart  their 
designs.  From  these  two  ports  of  Jacan  and  Bermuda,63  boats 
of  the  enemy  set  out  every  year  and  run  along  the  islands  of 
Cuba,  Puerto  Rico,  Jamaica  and  Santo  Domingo.  They  rob 
what  they  can,  without  our  being  able  to  punish  them.  With 
their  booty  of  cow-hides,  wine  and  other  things  which  they 
can  lay  their  hands  on,  they  pillage  and  leave  again  by  way 
of  the  Bahama  Channel,  with  which  they  are  as  familiar  as 
the  pilots  who  have  made  the  journey  to  the  Indies  ten  or 
twelve  times.  Then  they  enter  into  one  of  these  haunts, 
whence  they  return  to  England,  rich  from  the  robbery  they 
were  able  to  commit,  leaving  the  owners  poor  and  bereft  of 
their  money  and  merchandise,  which  they  carry  away.  All 
this  without  alleviation  to  the  women  folk  who  waited  for  it 
from  the  returns,  from  the  sale  of  leather.  Above  all  the  re- 
putation of  the  Spanish  name  has  been  shamed  by  this  silence 
and  continuous  suffering  for  so  many  years.64  So  many  cor- 
sairs are  entering  the  unfortified  places,  that  they  take  as 
much  as  they  please,  either  bargaining  for  it  or  taking  it  by 
force  of  men  and  arms.  Conditions  are  such  that  without  a fleet 
of  galleons,  no  journey  is  safely  taken  for  any  part  where  fri- 
gates and-  large  sea-going  vessels  carry  on  trade.  These  are  not 
in  danger  of  attack  from  corsairs  during  the  winter  season 
when  the  corsairs  return  to  the  two  ports.  It  is  then  that 
the  ships  prefer  to  appear  in  order  to  avoid  the  danger  of 
enemies,  robbers  and  corsairs. 

NOTES 

VI 

4Pedro  Menendez  Marques  ruled  in  Florida  first  as  gov- 
ernor ad  interrim  from  1577  to  1578  and  then  permanently 


54 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


from  1578  to  1589.  Vide  Spanish  Governors  of  Florida,  1565- 
1768,  in  Connor,  Colonial  Records,  I,  xxxiii. 

2From  Santa  Elena,  October  21,  1577,  Pedro  Menendez 
Marques  wrote  to  King  Philip  II:  “Your  Majesty  expressly 

commands  that.  . . I should  strengthen  this  fort  of  Santa  Elena 
and  the  others  there  may  be  in  these  provinces,  because  it  so 
befits  your  Majesty’s  service  and  the  safety  of  the  rest  of 
the  Indies.”  Connor,  Colonial  Records,  I,  265.  Even  while 
Menendez  was  rebuilding  the  fort  at  Santa  Elena  he  and  his 
soldiers  were  unsafe  because  of  the  presence  of  some  French- 
men from  the  Principe  in  the  interior.  Letter  of  Pedro 
Menendez  Marques  to  the  king,  St.  Augustine,  June  15,  1578, 
in  Connor,  Colonial  Records,  II,  78-83.  Indians  from  Guale 
and  Santa  Elena  had  come  to  treat  with  those  in  the  neigh- 
borhood of  St.  Augustine  in  the  attempt  to  get  them  to  destroy 
the  Spaniards  in  the  latter  city. 

3Nombre  de  Dios  is  described  as  a quarter  of  a league  from 
St.  Augustine.  Vide  Nota  de  las  missiones  de  la  provincia 
de  la  Florida,  in  Serrano  y Sanz,  Documentos  historicos  de  la 
Florida  y la  Luisiaiva  siglos  XVI  al  XVIII  (Madrid,  1913) , p. 
132.  (Hereinafter  cited  as  Documentos  historicos.)  Docu- 
ments of  the  mission  period  refer  to  it  as  “dos  tiros  de  mos- 
queta”  away  from  St.  Augustine  to  emphasize  its  propinquity. 
It  was  ruled  by  Dona  Maria,  the  cacica,  who  was  married  to  a 
Spanish  soldier,  Clemente  Vernal.  Doha  Maria  Cacica  and 
Clemente  Vernal,  her  husband,  to  the  king,  St.  Augustine,  Nov. 
30,  1592.  Archivo  General  de  Indias,  estante  87,  cajon  4, 
legajo  4.  Florida  State  Historical  Society  photostat.  Herein- 
after the  photostats  of  this  collection  will  be  abbreviated  in 
this  manner : (A.  G.  I.  87-4-4)  F.  S'.  H.  S.  phot.  San  Sebastian 
according  to  Swanton,  Early  History  of  the  Creek  Indians  and 
their  Neighbors  (Bureau  of  American  Ethnology  Bulletin  73, 
Washington,  1922) , p.  328,  is  described  as  “a  town  on  an  arm 
of  the  sea  near  St.  Augustine,  destroyed  about  1600  by  a 
flood.”  (Hereinafter,  Swanton,  Early  History  of  the  Creek 
Indians.) 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


55 


4Here  reference  is  made  to  the  English  settlement  at 
Roanoke.  Roanoke  and  Jacan  were  contiguous.  Cf.  Log  of 
the  Jacan  expedition. 

5Drake  and  his  armada  appeared  at  St.  Augustine  about 
two  o’clock  in  the  afternoon,  Friday,  June  6,  the  day  after 
the  Feast  of  Corpus  Christi.  On  the  following  day  artillery  was 
landed  from  the  English  vessels,  and  placed  behind  the  sand 
dunes  from  which  vantage  point  the  wooden  fort  of  San  Juan 
de  Pinello  was  bombarded.  Menendez  Marques  had  less  than 
a hundred  able  and  equipped  soldiers  to  defend  the  fort ; so  he 
and  his  officers  decided  to  abandon  it.  Drake  had  from  1,500 
to  2,000  men  according  to  the  Spanish  reports.  The  women 
and  children  had  been  moved  to  safety  in  the  woods.  It  was 
thither  that  Menendez  and  his  soldiers  fled  after  abandoning 
the  fort.  Drake  burned  the  fort,  the  church,  and  in  fact,  the 
entire  pueblo.  He  remained  a week  careening  one  of  his  ships. 
Thereupon  he  left  for  the  north,  and  carried  away  the  Roanoke 
colony  to  England.  He  missed  the  Spanish  fort  of  Santa  Elena 
passing  it  most  probably  by  night.  Documents  relative  to 
Drake’s  attack  on  St.  Augustine  from  which  these  facts,  are 
taken  are  the  following:  Pero  Menendez  Marq.s  por  cartas 
de  17  de  Junio  y de  16  de  Jullio  de  86.  [Spain]  (A.  G.  I. 
2-5-2|12)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot. — Fernandez  de  Quinones  to  the 
Casa  de  Contratacion,  San  Cristobal  de  Havana,  [July  2,  1586] 
(A.  G.  I.  42-1-8 13)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot. — Royal  officials  to  the  king, 
Havana,  July  4,  1586.  (A.  G.  I.  54-1-34,  No.  15)  F.  S.  H.  S. 

phot. — Information  sobre  la  perdida  del  fuerte  de  San  Augus- 
tin de  la  Florida  [Cuban  officials  to  the  king,  July  30,  1586] 
(A.  G.  I.  40-3-1 123)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot. — probanza  echa  e la 
ciudad  desto  agustin  de  la  florida  antel  capitan  franco  salazar 
por  comision  del  muy  ylle  senor  po  menendez  marquez  gouer- 
dor  y capitan  general  enstas  prouyas  por  su  mag.  sobre  la 
benida  estrago  y dano  que  hizo  el  corsario  franco  drag  ingles. 
[St.  Augustine,  August  12,  1596]  (A.  G.  I.  54-5-14)  F.  S.  H. 
S.  phot. — Pedro  Menendez  Marques  to  the  Casa  de  Con- 
tratacion, August  30,  1586.  (A.  G.  I.  42-l-8|3)  F.  S.  H.  S. 

phot. 


56 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


6Icaste,  probably  the  same  as  Casti,  “given  by  Laudon- 
niere  as  a Timucua  town.”  Swanton,  Early  History  of  the 
Creek  Indians , p.  824.  The  cacique  of  Cacacolo  belonged  either 
to  the  area  of  San  Juan  del  Puerto  or  San  Pedro  (Cumberland 
Island).  Vide  Juan  Menendez  Marques  to  Fray  Miguel  Aven- 
gozar,  St.  Augustine,  June  7,  1606,  in  Ruidlaz  y Caravia,  La 
Florida  su  conquista  y colonizacion,  II,  498.  (Cited  herein- 
after as  Ruidiaz,  La  Florida). 

7These  were  not  the  first  Franciscans  who  came  to  Florida 
after  the  departure  of  the  Jesuits.  The  first  friars  to  enter 
Spanish  Florida  (barring  those  who  accompanied  the  earlier 
expeditions)  were  members  of  the  group  who  came  to  Santa 
Elena  in  1578.  Vide  A Fragment  of  the  Description  of  the 
Voyage  of  Pedro  Menendez  Marques  along  the  east  Coast  of 
Florida,  in  1578,  in  Connor,  Colonial  Records,  I,  881.  The 
translation  stating  that  there  were  “nine  new  religious,”  how- 
ever, is  a slip.  The  Spanish  text  on  page  330  merely  states 
there  were  (<nuevos  Religiosos.”  When  these  friars  heard  of 
the  death  of  the  adelantado,  Pedro  Menendez  de  Aviles,  who 
had  supported  them,  they  left  Santa  Elena,  “because  of  lacking 
that  support.”  Diego  de  Velasco  to  the  king,  St.  Augustine, 
:•  August,  1575,  in  Connor,  Colonial  Records,  I,  143.  Between 
1573  and  1583  the  missionary  work  of  the  friars  was  getting 
under  way  but  the  sum  total  of  activity  was  rather  meagre. 
In  1578  there  were  but  two  friars  in  Florida  and  these  were 
chaplains  of  the  forts  at  St.  Augustine  and  Santa  Elena.  The 
respective  friars  were;  Fray  Alonso  Cavezas  and  Fray  Fran- 
cisco del  Castillo.  Vide  The  Visitation  made  by  Alvaro  Flores 
of  the  Forts  of  Florida,  St.  Augustine  and  Santa  Elena,  1578, 
in  Connor,  Colonial  Records,  II,  143  and  163.  Cf.  likewise 
Pedro  Menendez  Marques  to  the  king,  St.  Augustine,  June  15, 
1578,  in  Connor,  Colonial  Records,  II,  87.  The  religious  of  the 
group  brought  to  Florida  by  Father  Reinoso  on  the  occasion 
mentioned  by  Father  Ore  are  given  in  metrical  form  by  the  po- 
et-historian of  the  group,  Fray  Alonso  de  Escobedo,  in  a poem 
entitled  La  Florida.  Archivo  Ibero- Americano,  XXVIII  (1927), 
49. 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


57 


El  uno  fue  Reinoso,  el  otro  Vigo, 

Hojeda,  y fray  Antonio,  y Fustamente 
Corpa,  Manzano,  Torquemada,  Oviedo 
Gomez  y Lopez,  y Ruiz  con  Escobedo. 

8The  San  Antonio  here  referred  to  was  probably  on  the 
mainland  of  Georgia,  west  of  Cumberland  Island  and  within 
the  jurisdiction  of  Mission  San  Pedro  on  Cumberland  Island. 
There  was  another  district  known  as  San  Antonio  in  the  Fresh 
Water  District  (Agua  Dulce)  in  the  region  of  the  St.  Johns 
River  and  Lake  George  southwest  of  St.  Augustine.  San 
Juan  stands  for  San  Juan  del  Puerto  at  the  mouth  of  the  St. 
Johns  River  twelve  leagues  north  of  St.  Augustine. 

9When  Father  Reinoso  came  to  Florida  in  1857  it  was  his 
third  visit  to  the  peninsula.  He  was  in  Florida  prior  to  1588. 
In  that  year  he  returned  to  Spain  seeking  recruits  for  the 
mission  field  of  Florida.  The  religious  who  set  out  with  Fray 
Reinoso  on  May  6,  1584  were:  Fray  Pedro  de  Aguilar,  Fray 
Pedro  de  Arias,  Fray  Juan  de  Santa  Ana,  Fray  Francisco  de 
la  Cruz,  Fray  Rafael  del  Castillo,  Fray  Juan  de  San  Nicolas, 
Fray  Alonso  Perez,  and  Fray  Gaspar  de  los  Reyes.  Archivo 
Ibero- Americano,  IV  (1915),  134,  and  XXVIII  (1927),  47. 

10Tolomato  and  Tupique  were  not  far  distant  from  each 
other.  The  former  was  opposite  Sapelo  Island,  the  latter  al- 
so on  the  mainland,  near  the  southern  terminus  of  Guale  or 
St.  Catherines  Island.  Vide  Bolton  Arredondo’s  Historical 
Proof  of  Spain’s  Title  to  Georgia,  (Berkeley,  1925) , map  oppo- 
site p.  xvii. 

lxHanopiras  according  to  Dr.  Swanton  is  a compound  word 
having  as  elements  ano,  signifying  “human  being”  and  pira, 
“red.”  Thus  Father  Ore’s  use  of  the  word  as  painted  man  or 
“red  human-being”  is  correct.  Letter  of  Dr.  Swanton  to  Dr. 
J.  M.  Cooper,  Washington,  March  19,  1986. 

12Father  Ore  occasionally  alludes  to  conditions  in  Peru  of 
which  country  he  was  a native.  Since  no  drink  of  Florida  was 
strong  enough  to  cause  drunkenness,  the  natives  were  pro- 
tected by  nature  from  falling  into  vicious  drinking  habits. 


58 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


This  was  one  vice  against  which  the  missionaries  did  not  have 
to  contend. 

13San  Lucar  is  a shortened  form  for  San  Lucar  de  Bar- 
rameda.  It  is  on  the  Atlantic  at  the  mouth  of  the  Guadal- 
quivir River.  It  was  one  of  the  auxiliary  ports  of  Seville,  not 
far  from  Cadiz. 

14Drake’s  assault  on  St.  Augustine  coupled  with  the  wide- 
spread belief  in  the  Caribbean  that  the  corsair  was  founding 
an  English  settlement  on  the  Atlantic  coast,  led  to  this  voy- 
age of  exploration.  Instead  of  founding  a colony  Drake  actu- 
ally took  back  to  England  the  one  English  colony  along  the 
coast,  that  of  Roanoke.  Of  this,  however,  the  Spaniards  were 
apparently  unaware. 

15Cayagua,  Charlestown  harbor.  Maps  of  the  United 
States  Geological  Survey  to  the  scale  of  _0OiOO0  were  used  in 
locating  the  various  places  enumerated  in  the  following  notes. 

16San  Roman,  now  Cape  Romain,  in  88°,  in  South  Carolina. 

1 Trafalgar,  now  Cape  Hatteras,  in  85°.  Cf.  Lowery, 
Spanish  Settlements,  I,  875. 

18San  Juan  as  described  by  the  geographer,  Velasco,  was 
in  86° ; therefore  between  Cape  Hatteras  and  the  entrance  of 
Chesapeake  Bay. 

19Between  Capes  Charles  and  Henry. 

20The  present  port  of  Norfolk,  Virginia. 

21Reference  is  made  probably  to  what  is  now  the  mouth 
of  the  York  River  or  perhaps  to  Mob  jack  Bay. 

22This  was  in  the  year  1572. 

23Chesapeake  Bay  narrows  to  about  this  distance  between 
Calvert  and:  Dorchester  Counties  just  above  the  Patuxent 
River.  However,  this  is  hardly  the  spot  indicated  by  the  log, 
for  the  Potomac  is  indicated  in  88°.  On  the  other  hand  the 
Chesapeake  can  hardly  be  said  to  narrow  to  two  leagues  any- 
where before  one  reaches  the  Potomac.  The  distance  from 
Smith  Island  in  the  Chesapeake  to  Smith  Point  on  the  Virginia 
mainland  is  about  three  leagues.  Smith  Island  lies  opposite 
the  mouth  of  the  Potomac.  This  may  be  the  place  referred 
to  in  the  log. 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


59 


241 The  Potomac  River  enters  Chesapeake  Bay  at  exactly 
38°  latitude. 

25This  Indian  was  taken  from  the  western  shore  of  Chesa- 
peake Bay  above  the  Potomac,  probably  from  St.  Marys 
County. 

26This  evidently  is  a scribal  error  or  false  transcription 
for  39°  latitude.  The  Potomac  was  given  as  lying  in  38°. 

2 7 Between  38°  and  39°  there  are  a number  of  rivers  and  in- 
lets running  into  the  Chesapeake  from  the  western  shore.  The 
interpretation  of  “small  island”  depends  to  some  extent  on 
what  the  navigators  considered  a small  island.  The  39°  parallel 
runs  directly  through  Kent  Island,  and  Kent  Island  would  be 
small  to  Spaniards  acquainted  with  islands  the  size  of  Cuba, 
Hispaniola  and  Jamaica.  South  of  Kent  is  a much  smaller 
island,  called  today  Poplar  Island.  The  log  refers  most  prob- 
ably to  Kent  Island. 

28As  a matter  of  fact  the  channel  of  the  Chesapeake  runs 
along  the  eastern  part  of  the  bay. 

29Roundly  speaking  Chesapeake  Bay  terminates  in  a sort 
of  semicircular  head,  into  the  middle  of  which  flows  the  Sus- 
quehanna River.  It  is  not  this  part,  however  to  which  the 
log  refers  but  to  the  extreme  terminus  which  is  tongue-like 
in  shape  and  runs  to  the  northeast  to  a point  where  is  situated 
a small  town  called  Northeast,  in  Maryland. 

30Beyond  doubt  the  reference  is  to  the  Susquehanna  which 
flows  from  northwest  to  southeast  into  Chesapeake  Bay 
several  leagues  from  the  extreme  terminus  of  the  bay.  More- 
over the  Susquehanna  is  flanked  by  hills. 

31The  literal  meaning  in  Spanish  as  given  in  the  log  is: 
“Boat  here,  guard,  there!”  signifying  the  commands  that  were 
given  by  the  officers  for  the  Spaniards  considered  their  posi- 
tion dangerous.  They  were  in  danger  of  being  wrecked  or 
at  least  marooned. 

32Shad  are  obtained  from  the  Susquehanna. 

33The  date  was  June  23.  The  Feast  of  St.  John  the  Bap- 
tist falls  on  the  following  day.  Here  one  has  an  instance  of 
how  so  many  places  in  the  Americas  were  named.  The  com- 


60 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


bination  of  some  incident  or  physical  characteristic  with  that 
of  the  day  of  a saint  often  determined  the  nomenclature  of 
the  country. 

34Several  small  streams  running  in  a southernly  direction 
run  somewhat  parallel  to  the  Susquehanna  in  Hartford  and 
Cecil  counties,  Maryland,  which  flank  the  Susquehanna. 

35Here  reference  is  made  most  probably  to  the  terminus 
of  the  Bay  running  in  a northeast  direction. 

S6The  terminus  of  Chesapeake  Bay  is  only  a little  more 
than  391/2°  latitude. 

37Reference  is  made  here  to  what  is  now  the  harbor  of 
Norfolk.  The  37°  meridian  runs  through  Hampdon  Roads. 

3SCf.  note  36. 

39The  feast  of  Sts.  Peter  and  Paul  occurs  on  June  29. 

40This  Indian  was  taken  from  the  eastern  shore  of  the 
Chesapeake. 

41The  coastline  described  here  is  the  broken  island  coast 
of  North  Carolina.  The  Spaniards  were  probably  in  the  re- 
gion of  Albermarle  Sound.  Roanoke  Island  flanked  by  Roanoke 
Sound  and  Croatan  Sound,  lies  southeast  from  the  mouth  of 
Albermarle  Sound.  Protecting  Roanoke  Island  from  the  ocean 
is  a long  narrow  sandy  island  called  Bodie  Island.  “In  the 
interior  of  the  region  where  they  were,  there  was  a ship-yard, 
indicated  by  the  presence  of  sloops,  while  on  the  land  there 
were  some  remains  of  English  barrels.”  Here  it  is  clear  that 
the  Spaniards  detected  the  remains  of  Roanoke  but  did  not 
go  to  the  spot.  As  will  be  brought  out  later  in  the  text  the 
Spaniards  thought  the  settlement  was  still  inhabitated  and 
wished  to  conceal  their  hostile  designs  from  the  English  until 
Spain  was  ready  to  plant  her  own  colony  there. 

4235 Y20  is  between  Roanoke  Island  and  Cape  Hatteras. 

43Capes  Trafalgar  (Hatteras)  San  Juan  and  San  Roman. 

44San  Pedro  or  Cumberland  Island  was  called  Tacatacoru 
by  the  Indians.  Vide  Memorial  on  four  Forts  of  Florida  pre- 
sented to  his  Majesty  by  Captain  Antonio  dei  Prado,  Madrid, 
November  16,  1569,  Connor,  Colonial  Records , I,  291.  It  was 
about  twenty  leages  from  St.  Augustine.  In  a letter  to  Fray 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


61 


Miguel  Avengogar,  Commissary  General  of  the  Indies,  Juan 
Menendez  Marques  on  June  7,  1606,  recalled  his  voyage  to 
Jacan.  Referring  to  the  ship’s  calling  at  San  Pedro  on  its 
return  to  St.  Augustine,  he  wrote  that  he  found  Fray  Baltasar 
Lopez  making  progress  with  the  Indian  mission  there.  “Y 
aviendo  por  el  ano  de  88  ydo  al  descubrimiento  de  la  baya  de 
la  Madre  de  Dios  del  Jacan,  y tomar  lengua  de  la  poblacion  del 
yngles,  juntamente  con  el  Capitan  Vincente  Gonzalez,  por 
orden  del  dicho  General,  y aviendo  llegado  de  buelta  a San 
Pedro,  bi  que  avia  cantidad  de  yndios  cristianos  y que  con 
muestras  de  aficion  y devocion  acudian  a oyr  misa  y la  doc- 
trinal Ruidiaz,  La  Florida,  II,  498.  Juan  Menendez  Marques 
mentions  Fray  Baltasar  Lopez  on  p.  497. 

45 Juan  Menendez  Marques  wrote,  he  made  such  a report 
to  the  royal  officials.  Ruidiaz,  La  Florida,  II,  498.  It  was 
probably  this  written  account  that  Father  Ore  inserted  bodily 
in  this  Relacion  de  los  Mdrtires. 

46Here  is  an  indication  of  the  time  this  Relacion  was 
written  by  Ore.  If  Drake’s  attack  (1586)  is  taken  as  the 
starting  point  of  Ore’s  thirty  years  the  year  of  the  writing 
would  be  most  probably  the  beginning  of  1617.  The  narrative 
of  the  Relacion  ends  with  the  events  of  December,  1616.  If 
the  discovery  of  what  was  thought  to  have  been  the  inhabited 
settlement  of  Roanoke  is  the  terminus  a quo  of  Father  Ore’s 
thirty  years,  then  the  Relacion  was  written  in  1618  or  1619. 

47The  name  of  Pedro  Diaz  appears  in  a document  of  the 
year  1589  entitled:  hauana  ano  1589  Relacion  quel  g della 
Inbia  de  la  parte  donde  los  yngleses  estan  poblados  en  la  costa 
de  la  florida  en  altura  de  36  grados  %.  (A.  G.  I.  54-1-34)  F.  S. 
H.  S.  phot.  Diaz  was  captured  by  the  English  under  Richard 
Grenville,  near  Bermuda,  while  he  was  en  route  from  the  Indies 
to  Spain.  Later  Diaz  was  taken  to  Roanoke. 

48C/.  note  42. 

49David  Glavid,  usually  spelled  Glauin  or  Glavin,  was  an 
Irishman  who  was  captured  by  the  English  under  Richard 
Grenville  (whom  the  Spaniards  called  Richarte  Canpouerde) 
in  1584  after  the  former  had  left  the  port  of  Nantes,  France, 


62 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


in  a merchant  vessel.  The  English  brought  him  to  Jacan  or 
Roanoke  where  he  remained  with  the  colony  until  it  was  taken 
back  to  England  by  Drake  in  1586.  Glavin  was  forced  to  ac- 
company a second  expedition  that  set  out  for  the  reestablish- 
ment of  Roanoke  a short  time  later.  The  English  went  by 
way  of  Puerto  Rico,  where  Glavin  made  his  escape.  From 
then  on  he  continued  in  the  Spanish  service.  He  was  a soldier 
at  St.  Augustine  from  1595  till  at  least  1600.  The  above  tes- 
timony was  given  by  Glavin  himself  to  Governor  Canzo  of 
Florida,  in  1600.  Vide  Relation  de  la  Tama  y su  Tierra,  y de 
la  Poblacion  de  Ingles es,  in  Serrano  y Sanz,  Documentos  his- 
toricos , pp.  155-157. 

50La  Yeguana  in  Espanola. 

51Cape  San  Nicolas,  the  most  northwestern  point  of  mod- 
em Playti. 

52The  Point  of  Mayci  is  the  extreme  eastern  point  of  Cuba. 

53Father  Reinoso  went  to  Spain  no  doubt  in  the  hope  of  ob- 
taining more  friars  for  the  Florida  mission  field.  Various 
cedulas  from  the  end  of  the  year  1589  to  the  beginning  of  the 
year  1590  expressly  mention  friars  destined  for  Florida. 

54 Alcaide  in  this  connection  means  commander.  Vide 
Ruidiaz,  La  Florida , II,  496. 

55These  facts  relative  to  Jacan  and  Tierra  Firme  are  nar- 
rated in  a letter  of  Juan  Menendez  Marques  to  Fray  Miguel 
Avengogar,  June,  1606.  Ruidiaz,  La  Florida,  II,  495-96. 

56In  all  probability,  either  one  of  two  ports  known  today 
as  Vianna  do  Castillo  and  Caminha  in  Entre  Minho  E Duoro 
province  in  north-east  Portugal  bordering  on  Spanish  Gali- 
cia. At  this  time  Spain  and  Portugal  were  united:  under  Philip 
II  of  Spain. 

57Nombre  de  Dios  in  this  case  must  be  distinguished  from 
the  Nombre  de  Dios  in  Florida.  The  former  refers  to  the 
famous  port  on  the  Isthmus  of  Panama. 

58Avendano  received  the  news  of  his.  appointment  at  Ca- 
diz, February,  10,  1594.  Letter  of  Domingo  Martinez  de 
Avendano  to  the  king,  Cadiz,  February  10,  1594.  (A.  G.  I. 
143-4-2)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot. 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


63 


™Tapisco  is  an  Algonquian  word  whose  radix  means  metal. 

60His  name  is  usually  given  as  Pedro  de  Ybarra.  He  gov- 
erned Florida  from  1603  to  1609. 

61The  Relation  made  by  Ecija  on  this  occasion  declares 
the  voyage  from  St.  Augustine  to  Jacan  and  return  occupied 
the  time  between  June  21  and  September  24,  1609.  By  this 
time  the  English  had  been  settled  in  Jamestown  for  two  years. 
Within  the  Chesapeake,  “a  vessel  of  unknown  nationality  was 
seen  in  the  bay.  Observing  smoke  signals  in  the  direction 
where  the  English  ‘Presidio’  was  supposed  to  be,  he  [Ecija] 
consulted  with  his  officers  and  in  view  of  the  rumor  of  an  ap- 
proaching hostile  fleet  of  seven  vessels,  the  lateness  of  the 
season,  and  the  condition  of  his  own  ship,  concluded  to  return.” 
Lowery,  Spanish  Settlements,  I,  450. 

62Father  Ore’s  remarks  are  correct  but  they  are  so  scant 
that  it  is  almost  impossible  to  arrive  at  a satisfactory  conclu- 
sion as  to  what  the  whole  story  is  about.  First  of  all,  Don 
Gaspar  Ruiz  de  Pereda,  governor  of  Cuba,  sent  out  a ship  os- 
tensibly to  search  for  an  English  vessel  supposed  to  have  taken 
on  board  ammunition  from  a Spanish  vessel  stranded  at  Buenos 
Aires,  This  ship  sent  out  by  the  governor,  carried  Captain 
Diego  de  Molina,  Ensign  Marco  Antonio  Perez,  and  Francisco 
Lembri,  called  the  “English  pilot  of  the  Navy.”  Alexander 
Brown,  The  Genesis  of  the  United  States  (New  York,  1890) , I, 
511-512.  This  ship  left  Havana,  June  2,  1611,  and  arrived  at 
St.  Augustine  on  the  8th,  where  it  remained  for  eight  days. 
Thence  it  proceeded  to  Jacan  and  the  Chesapeake  and  entered 
the  bay.  Within,  the  Spaniards  found  a ship  anchored  which 
they  thought  was  the  English  ship  they  were  looking  for.  Don 
Diego  de  Molina,  Marco  Antonio,  and  Lembri  went  ashore  and 
were  captured  by  Englishmen  lying  in  ambush.  The  master 
of  the  ship  who  had  remained  on  board  according  to  Molina’s 
orders,  sent  a sailor  ashore  to  find  out  about  the  fate  of  the 
three  captives.  The  English  asked  to  see  the  master  of  the 
ship.  The  sailor  replied  that  he  would  be  willing  to  take  one 
of  them  aboard  to  see  the  master,  which  he  did.  This  Eng- 
lishman now  on  board  the  Spanish  ship  was  a pilot  named 


64 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


Clark.  He  told  the  Spanish  master  that  he  wished  to  take 
the  Spanish  ship  into  the  English  fort  (Jamestown)  at  the 
same  time  inviting  the  master  as  well  as  the  rest  of  the  crew 
to  come  ashore,  promising  them  good  treatment.  This  the 
master  would  not  do  until  the  English  would  produce  Diego 
de  Molina.  When  this  was  not  promised,  the  master  held 
Clark,  nor  would  he  permit  him  to  return  to  shore. 

The  next  day  negotiations  were  entered  into  for  the  ex- 
change of  prisoners.  The  English  wanted  the  master  of  the 
Spanish  boat  to  come  on  shore  first.  The  Spanish  master  de- 
clared that  unless  the  English  handed  over  the  three  prison- 
ers, he  would  fight  them,  to  which  the  English  replied  that 
the  Spaniards  “might  go  to  the  Devil.  At  this  time  it  was 
seen  that  they  [the  English]  took  away  Francisco  Lembri 
with  much  violence  and  that  from  behind  the  English  Captain 
he  made  signs  that  they  should  push  out  to  sea,  crossing  his 
arms  and  hastening  to  get  away.  Thus  they  returned  to  the 
Caravela  and  discovering  that  a small  vessel  was  coming  out 
from  within  the  river  which  falls  in  on  the  right  hand,  they 
resolved  to  be  off  to  sea  and  to  return  to  the  Havana,  where 
they  arrived  on  July  20  [10],  without  anything  of  importance 
having  occurred  or  befallen  them  on  the  way,  with  all  the  peo- 
ple they  took  out  except  Don  Diego  de  Molina,  Marco  Antonio 
Perez  and  Francisco  Lembri,  who  remained  in  the  power  of  the 
English.”  Alex.  Brown,  The  Genesis  of  the  United  States,  I, 
517-518.  The  sailor  who  seized  Clark  was  probably  the  Por- 
tuguese mentioned  by  Ore.  The  Spanish  ship  had  gone  from 
Lisbon  to  Havana  and  thence  to  Virginia.  This  would  explain 
the  presence  of  Portuguese  on  the  boat.  Moreover,  at  this 
time  Portugal  and  Spain  were  united,  which  union  lasted  till 
1640. 

By  November  15,  1611,  Philip  III  wrote  to  the  Spanish 
ambassador  at  London,  telling  him  to  request  James  II  to  re- 
lease the  Spanish  prisoners  in  Virginia.  Brown,  op.  cit.,  I,  524. 
By  February  13, 1613,  Clark  had  been  brought  to  Spain.  Philip 
III  was  willing  to  exchange  him  for  the  prisoners  in  Virginia. 
Brown,  op.  cit.,  II,  603.  Diego  de  Molina  on  May  28,  1613  sent 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


65 


a letter  from  Virginia  to  the  Spanish  ambassador  containing 
much  information  as  to  the  progress  of  the  English  colony. 
He  stated  that  Marco  Antonio  had  died  fifteen  months  previ- 
ously and  explained  that  the  “English  sailor”  who  was  the 
third  captive  “claims  to  be  from  Aragon  and  really  no  one 
would  take  him  to  be  a foreigner.”  Brown,  op.  cit.,  II,  650. 
The  bearer  of  Molina's  letter  was  a Venetian.  Molina  wrote 
it  in  cipher.  “If  you  [Velasco]  have  the  Key  to  my  cipher  you 
can  write  to  me  in  the  same  cipher;  but  this  letter  goes  be- 
tween the  soles  of  a shoe,  where  it  is  sewed  in,  and  thus  I 
trust  to  God  that  I have  not  done  wrong  in  writing  in  this 
manner.”  Brown,  op.  cit.,  II,  651.  Clark  died  in  Spain  prior 
to  October,  1614.  Brown,  op.  cit.,  II,  738.  Molina  was  still  in 
Virginia  in  1618,  Brown,  op.  cit,,  II,  950. 

63Jaean  and  Bermuda  were  strategically  situated  to  cause 
much  damage  to  Spanish  shipping.  The  Spanish  treasure  ships 
did  not  sail  directly  from  Havana  to  Cadiz  and  San  Lucar  but 
went  along  the  coast  of  Florida  and  the  Carolinas,  turned  di- 
rectly east  by  way  of  Bermuda  and  the  Canaries  and  then 
made  for  Spain. 

64Father  Ore's  description  of  conditions  in  the  Caribbean  is 
entirely  correct.  A substantial  amount  of  documentary  ma- 
terial directly  or  indirectly  deals  with  the  inroads  made  by 
the  corsairs  in  that  region.  The  attempts  of  Spain  to  retain 
the  Caribbean  as  a Mare  Clausum  were  never  wholly  success- 
ful, despite  the  vigilance  of  the  coast  guard  vessels  (guarda- 
costas)  and  the  fleet  known  as  the  armada  de  Indies. 


VII 


An  Account  of  the  Death  of  Five  Martyrs  and  of  the 
Sufferings  of  One  Confessor,  Religious  of  the  Order 
of  Our  Holy  Father  St.  Francis,  in  Florida. 

In  the  year  1595,  by  order  of  His  Majesty,  King*  Philip  II 
of  glorious  memory,  and  at  the  request  of  the  captain,  Domingo 
Martinez  de  Avendano,  Fray  Francisco  de  Arzubiaga,  Com- 
missary-General of  the  Indies,1  sent  twelve  religious  to  con- 
tinue the  conversion  of  the  Indians  of  Florida  and  to  teach 
them  Christian  doctrine.  This  work  had  already  started, 
as  I said  before.  These  religious  had  been  chosen  from  the 
province  of  Castille.  They  embarked  from  Spain  on  the  feast 
of  the  glorious  Doctor,2  St.  Bonaventure,  July  14.  Fray  Juan 
de  Silva,,  a preacher  and  a very  religious  and  prudent  man  was 
chosen  as  superior  and  commissary.3  His  companions  were 
the  following : 

FrayJBlas  de  Montes,  priest,  confessor4  and  a very  spirit- 
ual religious,  was  a man  of  incredible  acts  of  penance,  for  he 
fasted  during  all  the  Lents  of  Our  Father  St.  Francis,5  as  well 
as  on  the  three  days  of  the  Great  Lent.6  Likewise,  he  fasted 
on  all  Saturdays  of  the  year  on  bread  and  water ; on  the  vigils 
of  Our  Lady  and  on  those  of  some  of  his  favorite  saints,  he 
fasted  to  the  extent  of  not  even  taking  a bite,  but  only  water 
when  thirst  weakened  him,  eating  neither  bread,  nor  fruit  nor 
any  other  things.  During  Holy  Week,  he  fasted  taking  only 
three  refections:  on  Sunday  and  Tuesday  of  Holy  Week,  he 
subsisted  on  bread  and  water;  while  on  Holy  Thursday,  out 
of  certain  consideration,  he  ate  what  the  community  offered. 
He  never  knew  a cell  or  a bed,  but  only  the  choir.  After  be- 
coming a priest,  he  wore  no  other  clothes  but  the  habit,  with- 
out a tunic;7  moreover  he  wore  a hair-shirt  inside.  When  he 
was  on  a journey,  on  going  out  of  the  town,  he  took  off  his 

66 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


67 


sandals  and  put  them  in  his  sleeve,  even  though  the  roads 
would  be  covered  with  snow,  a half  yard  deep.  This  happened 
many  times  because,  since  he  was  an  exemplary  religious,  they 
frequently  sent  him  out.8  This  religious  was  of  good  build 
and  from  the  better  class  of  society.  In  him  there  reigned  a 
spiritual  joy  by  which  all  were  consoled.  He  was  loved  by 
all.  He  experienced  many  corporal  and  spiritual  difficulties 
in  Florida  which  were  caused  by  a certain  person  whom,  by 
his  advice  in  confession,  he  hindered  from  accomplishing  his 
immoral  designs.  For  this  the  person  wished  to  take  revenge 
on  him,  by  bringing  against  him  testimony  which  was  un- 
believable in  so  holy  a man. 

When  he  fell  ill,  the  Duchess  of  Infantado,9  knowing  his 
needs  (she  knew  him  well  and  was  conversant  with  his  vir- 
tues) wrote  to  him  that  he  should  return  to  Spain  and  sent 
him  a royal  decree  from  the  King10  as  well  as  an  obedience 
from  his  prelate,  on  the  strength  of  which  he  went  to  Alba- 
cete,11  his  home,  to  see  if  his  protracted  illness  would  be  cured 
in  the  air  of  his  homeland.  There  he  died  a holy  death.  They 
buried  his  body  in  the  church  where  he  had  been  baptized  and 
his  grave  is  held  in  great  veneration. 

Fray  Pedtro  Berinejo,  priest  and  confessor,  a native  of 
the  town  of  Tendilla,12  is  a religious  well  thought  of  and  known 
for  his  fervent  charity  toward  the  sick.  Wherefore  they  made 
him  infirmarian  in  Guadalajara.  He  fasted  nearly  all  through 
the  year,  and  on  many  days  took  only  bread  and  water.  He 
was  most  zealous  in  the  things  pertaining  to  our  rule  and  holy 
poverty.  This  he  also  observes  now,  for  in  the  visitation  I 
made  of  the  convent  of  Bayamo,13  I found  him  to  be  the 
guardian  of  that  house.  He  used  very  few  things,  only  those 
which  were  absolutely  necessary.  All  the  people  consider  him 
a holy  and  apostolic  man.  He  has  always  been  much  given 
to  the  practice  of  mental  prayer.  In  Florida  he  has  been  very 
useful  among  the  Indians  because  by  means  of  his  teaching, 
and  more  so  by  his  exemplary  life,  he  brought  many  pagans 
to  the  knowledge  of  the  true  God. 


68 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


-Erav  Miguel  de  Aunon,  preacher  of  the  province  of  Cas- 
tille,  a native  of  the  city  of  Zaragossa,  of  a well  known  family, 
and  of  noble  blood,  a man  of  great  spirit,  grace  and  voice,  was 
loved  and  cherished  by  all  with  whom  he  dealt.  He  was  con- 
siderate towards  all  and  so  he  was  master  of  the  wills  of  all, 
both  the  religious  and  seculars.  He  was  much  loved  by  the 
Indians,  as  will  be  seen  afterwards  in  his  martyrdom.  ATthe" 
request  of  the  convent  and  city  of  Havana  to  have  him  preach 
there,  he  embarked  for  that  city,  but  was  unable  to  reach  it 
in  over  forty  days,  although  it  is  a short  journey  of  six  or 
seven  days,  I,  myself,  have  made  the  journey  twice.14  They 
were  unable  to  round  Cape  Canaveral,15  a trip  of  two  or  three 
days.  Seeing  their  inability  to  make  headway,  they  returned. 
The  reverend  preacher  said : “God  did  not  send  me  to  the  city 
of  Havana,  but  to  this  land  to  instruct  the  Indians  ; here  I 
intend  to  remain  till  death,  because  I have  to  receive  therein 
some  great  favor  from  God;  thus  I believe  that  my  inability 
to  proceed  farther  with  the  journey  has  not  been  in  vain.” 
With  this  he  soon  prepared  himself  to  go  among  the  Indians. 

^ Choxas^preacher  of  the  province  of 

Castille,  a religious  of  great  zeal  in  working  among  the  Indians 
during  the  whole  time  he  was  in  their  midst,  teaching  and  in- 
structing them,  attended  to  the  things  of  their  souls  and  their 
government.  In  his  provident  way,  he  looked  out  for  them 
so  that  they  would  have  flocks  and  cultivated  fields.  He 
taught  them  the  art  of  singing,  and  for  this  he  was  greatly 
esteemed  by  them.16  So  he  determined  to  go  into  the  interior, 
as  far  as  the  Indian  towns  of  the  province  of  La  Tama17  where 
he  was  well  received  by  them.  As  soon  as  he  returned,  he 
was  sent  to  Spain  with  the  news  of  the  religious  who  had 
suffered  martyrdom.18  Since  then  he  has  held  the  honorable 
office  of  Custodio 19  of  the  province  of  Castille  and  with  this 
title  he  went  to  the  General  Chapter  in  Rome  in  the  year 
1612.20  He  returned  with  the  office  of  Commissary-General 
of  Jerusalem  to  solicit  and  administer  the  alms  of  the  Holy 
House.21  Afterwards  he  was  guardian  at  Madrid. 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


69 


Fray  Pedro  de  San  Gregorio,  a religious  of  great  sanctity 
and  very  recollected,  went  forth  from  the  house  of  recollection 
and  holy  convent  of  Castanar22  of  the  province  of  Castille.  He 
was  a man  of  interior  as  well  as  exterior  mortification,  and 
a religious  of  great  devotion.  He  was  a native  of  the  town 
known  as  Casa  de  Uzeda.23  He  fell  sick  in  Puerto  Rico.  He 
had  come  with  the  other  religious,  but  remained  on  the  is- 
land to  get  well.  Not  being  able  to  obtain  passage  to  Florida, 
he  returned  from  there  to  Spain. 

Fray  Pedro  de  Aunon,  a preacher,  native  of  the  town  of 
Aunon,24  of  the  province  of  Castille,  fell  sick  at  San  Lucar,  so 
he  remained  in  Spain  to  his  own  sorrow  and  that  of  his  com- 
panions. 

Fray  Francisco  Pare j a,  of  the  same  province  of  Castille, 
also  a native  of  Aunon,  is  a man  of  great  sanctity  and  of  in- 
credible zeal  for  the  salvation  of  souls,  as  his  works  and  writ- 
ings which  he  has  composed  and  has  had  printed  in  the  lan- 
guage of  the  Indians,  give  testimony.  In  this  he  surpassed 
the  rest.  In  the  beginning  the  Indians  offered  him  many  af- 
fronts but  he  overcame  them  all  with  much  patience  and  per- 
severance by  abiding  in  their  midst,  teaching  them  the  law  of 
Christ  and  defending  them  from  the  molestation  of  the  Span- 
ish soldiers.  By  these  deeds  and  through  the  power  of  his 
example,  which  he  always  gave,  he  overcame  the  harshness 
and  cruelty  of  the  Indians,  changing  them  from  wolves  to 
sheep.  Because  of  the  virtue  that  was  known  to  be  in  him, 
he  was  given  the  offices  of  guardian,  definitor  and  custodio;25 
and  in  the  visitation  which  I made,26  in  order  to  celebrate  the 
first  provincial  chapter  of  this  province,  I found  him  to  be  a 
very  holy  man  and  most  worthy  of  this  election.  Thus  it  fell 
to  his  lot  to  become  provincial  which  office  he  holds  at  the 
present  time,  with  sanctity  and  integrity,  not  sparing  at  his 
advanced  age,  the  labor  connected  with  the  journeys  in  Flo- 
rida. 

Fray  Pedro  Ruiz,  priest  and  confessor,  is  a religious  per- 
son who  has  always  given  good  example  among  the  Indians 
and  Spaniards.  On  account  of  this  he  was  given  the  offices 


70 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


of  guardian,  custodio  and  commissary27  of  this  custody  before 
it  was  erected  into  a province.  In  order  to  express  their  sat- 
isfaction with  his  services,  the  prelates  in  Spain  have  given 
him  the  title  of  “Father  of  this  Province.”28  In  the  first  provin- 
cial chapter  we  held,  he  was  named  guardian  of  the  convent 
of  Havana.  He  is  from  the  province  of  Castille,  a native  of 
Valdesoto,  in  the  jurisdiction  of  the  town  of  Uzeda. 

Fray  Francisco  de  Avila,  a young  priest  of  the  province 
of  Castille,  and  a native  of  the  city  of  Toledo  was  a man  of 
great  spirit  who  bore  up  with  great  difficulties,  as  will  be 
seen,  when  we  treat  of  his  captivity  among  the  Indians. 

Fray  [Francisco  de]  Verascola,  a priest  of  the  province  of 
Cantabria,29  a Viscayan,  was  a religious  endowed  with  good- 
ness and  simplicity,  and  who  afflicted  his  body  with  great 
penances,  about  which  we  shall  treat  later  on. 

Fray  Pedro  de  Viniegra,  a lay  brother,  of  the  province  of 
Castille,  was  a very  humble  religious  and  given  to  prayer.  He 
was  never  remiss  in  diligent  attendance  at  his  exercises.  He 
gave  himself  to  the  learning  of  the  Indian  language  to  such 
an  extent  that  he  understood  it  and  knew  it  thoroughly.  He 
preached  with  zeal  and  with  the  spirit  of  an  apostle;  more- 
over he  was  a zealot  for  the  cause  of  holy  poverty  which  he 
keeps  with  such  perfection  that  he  has  never  used  more  than 
one  poor  habit  without  a tunic. 

Seeing  his  humility,  his  gift  of  language  which  he  ac- 
quired, as  well  as  the  grace  and  spirit  of  his  preaching  to  the 
Indians,  the  fathers  realized  that  it  was  a shame  that  he  was 
not  a priest  so  that  he  could  bear  the  Indians’  confessions  and 
say  Mass,  for  he  had  the  requirements  to  be  a priest  and  to  ad- 
minister the  sacraments.  So  the  fathers  of  this  custody  pe- 
titioned the  Father  Commissary  of  New  Spain  to  grant  this 
favor.  This  he  did  by  giving  permission  to  have  him  or- 
dained. Of  him  we  have  made  one  of  the  best  ministers  of 
the  Indians  who  have  appeared  in  our  times.30 

Fray  Francisco  de  Bonilla,  a native  of  Talarrubias31  of 
the  province  of  Castille;  was  sent  to  New  Spain  with  some 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


71 


messages  as  soon  as  he  arrived.  There  he  stayed  until  he 
came  back,  an  old  man,  to  be  present  at  our  chapter. 

These  religious  were  well  received  by  the  governor  and 
by  all  the  soldiers  of  the  presidio  as  well  as  by  the  Indians, 
with  great  manifestations  of  joy.  Fray  Francisco  Marron 
was  custodio  and  prelate  of  the  religious.  He  was  a preacher 
of  more  than  eighty  years  of  age.32  He  died  twenty-two  years 
afterwards  in  the  convent  of  Havana,  and  I buried  him.  When 
at  the  hour  of  his  death,  I asked  him  how  long  he  had  worn 
the  habit,  he  answered  more  than  eighty  years  and  that  he 
was  over  a hundred  years  old.  He  died  like  a Christian  and 
religious.  He  was  one  of  the  religious  who  declared  and  gave 
a true  account  of  the  martyrdom  of  the  five  religious  whom 
the  Indians  killed.  This  he  gave,  compelled  by  obedience.  His 
account  will  accompany  this  narrative.  He  was  a companion 
of  the  martyrs  and  God  permitted  him  alone  to  remain  to  tell 
the  how,  the  when  and  the  wherefore  of  the  death  of  his  com- 
panions. 

There  were  six  other  religious  of  those  who  had  come  be- 
fore with  Father  Reinoso.33  One  of  these  was  Fray  Baltasar 
Lopez,  of  the  province  of  Burgos  who  suffered  much  among 
the  Indians,  and  who  knew  their  language  well.  They  had 
condemned  him  to  death  three  times  but  God  miraculously  de- 
livered him  from  them.  He  resided  on  the  island  of  San  Pe- 
dro, the  chief  place  of  the  Timucuans.  Their  language  is  used 
extensively.  He  had  fostered  the  cacique  from  childhood.34 
Almost  all  on  that  island  are  Christians. 

Fray  Pedro  de  Corpa,  priest  and  confessor  of  the  province 
of  Castille,  who  was  in  the  province  of  Guale,  knew  the  lan- 
guage well.  He  experienced  much  toil  with  the  Indians  be- 
cause the  time  had  not  yet  come  for  them  to  esteem  the  honor 
of  being  Christians;  nevertheless,  by  his  good  example  and 
perseverance,  he  converted  them. 

Fray  Bias  de  Rodriguez,  priest  and  confessor  of  the  prov- 
ince of  San  Gabriel,35  was  a good  religious  and  was  versed  in 
the  Indian  language.  We  shall  treat  of  him  further  on. 


72 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


The  lay  brother  Fray  Juan  de  San  Nicolas,  of  the  province 
of  Santiago,36  was  the  greatest  worker  you  ever  saw.  He  con- 
tinued- in  this  up  to  his  old  age,  which  he  has  now  attained.  He 
lives  in  the  convent  of  St.  Augustine  and  is  much  given  to 
prayer.  He  is  a person  of  great  simplicity  in  whom  the  whole 
presidio  has  very  great  faith.  People  obtain  his  worn-out 
and  torn  underclothing  and  use  them  for  swaddling  clothes 
for  their  infants,  because  they  look  upon  them  as  relics.  Ev- 
erything he  was  taught  in  the  Order,  he  keeps  and  observes 
to  this  day,  as  if  he  were  a novice.  He  is  so  far  removed  from 
the  things  of  this  world;  that  he  appears  not  to  have  been 
born,  nor  created  in  it.  Two  or  three  times  the  devil  has 
beaten  him  at  the  unseemly  time  when  he  was  going  to  trim 
the  lamps.  The  devil  left  him  injured,  although  by  prayer, 
the  brother  always  overcame  him.  His  exercise,  after  having 
worked  all  morning  in  the  garden,  and  after  a meal,  again  in 
the  afternoon,  is  to  clean  and  trim  the  lamps  with  the  greatest 
care.  At  night  he  watches  in  prayer  for  the  living  and  the 
dead ; and  when  praying  for  them  [the  dead]  he  is  accustomed 
to  throw  holy  water  over  their  graves.  He  is  also  engaged  in 
asking  for  bread  through  the  streets.  This  he  does  with  great 
devotion.  Nor  does  he  ever  offer  an  excuse  but  rather  tends 
to  this  matter  with  the  greatest  obedience.  This  holds  also 
for  other  things  in  which  the  guardian  engages  him.  He  pro- 
gresses in  the  practice  of  humility  and  exercises  it  as  if  he 
were  a recently  admitted  novice.  He  is  signally  eminent  in 
the  things  pertaining  to  virtue,  keeps  perpetual  silence  and  his 
few  words  are  always  of  great  edification  and  serve  to  cause 
devotion  in  those  who  speak  and  converse  with  him. 

The  brother  Antonio  de  Badajoz,37  of  the  province  of  San 
Gabriel,  knew  the  language  of  the  Indians  of  Guale  well;  of 
him  we  shall  soon  speak  when  we  treat  of  his  death. 

Fray  Juan  de  Silva,  with  all  the  other  religious  prayed  to 
God,  our  Saviour,  after  having  celebrated  the  feast  of  our  Holy 
Father  St.  Francis,  to  give  to  each  one  the  fate  which  He 
deemed  most  fitting  for  the  conversion  of  those  souls  whom 
they  came  to  seek,  from  Spain.  Fray  Francisco  Marron,  guar- 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


73 


dian  and  custodio  of  the  religious,  assigned  to  each  one  the 
place  and  district  in  which  he  was  to  instruct  the  Indians,  (the 
governor,  Juan  Martinez  de  Avendano  himself  being  present) 
so  they  separated  and  departed  from  St.  Augustine  and  entered 
ten  towns,  each  one  to  the  place  which  fate  and  the  will  of  his 
superior  determined.38  They  were  separated  from  one  another 
at  a distance  of  three  or  four  leagues.  Moreover,  there  were 
bad  roads,  swamps  and  waterways,  so  that  travelling  was  ren- 
dered difficult  both  by  land  and  by  sea.39  They  served  in  the 
missions  realizing  great  fruit  among  the  Indians,  occupying 
themselves  in  preaching,  baptizing  and  administering  the  other 
sacraments. 

Two  years  after  the  friars  arrived  in  Florida,  namely  in 
the  year  1597, 40  the  Indians  of  Guale,  instigated  by  the  devil 
who  is  adverse  to  all  good  works,  seized  upon  an  occasion  [to 
revolt].  One  of  the  fathers41  would  not  permit  an  Indian 
youth,42  who  was  a Christian  and  heir  to  the  caciquedom,  to 
have  more  than  the  one  wife  to  whom  he  was  married.  Because 
the  priest  reprimanded  him  and  commanded  him  that  since 
he  was  a Christian,  he  should  live  as  a Christian  and  not  as 
a pagan,  [he  rebelled].  He  was  told  that  according  to  the 
Christian  law,  he  could  not  have  more  than  one  wife  and  at 
that  no  other  than  the  one  to  whom  he  was  married.43 

This  cacique  and  two  other  Indians,  like  him,  given  to  the 
same  immoral  practice,  went  into  the  interior  among  the  pa- 
gans, without  saying  anything  or  without  obtaining  permission 
as  they  were  wont  to  do  on  other  occasions.  After  a few  days 
they  returned  at  night  with  many  other  pagan  Indians,  painted 
and  smeared  with  red  paste,  and  with  feathers  on  their  heads. 
This  among  them  is  a sign  of  cruelty  and  slaughter. 

That  night  when  the  Indians  arrived  neither  the  priest 
nor  those  in  the  town  knew  anything  about  it.  When,  in  the 
morning,44  the  Indians  opened  the  priest’s  house,  they  found 
him  there  praying ; then  without  waiting  to  give  any  explana- 
tion, they  killed  the  priest  with  a stone  hatchet  which  they 
call  macana,  but  which  is.  known  as  charrvpi  in  the  language  of 
the  Incas  of  Cuzco.  This  happened  at  Tolomato,  the  chief  place 


74 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


of  that  district.  The  name  of  the  religious*  whom  they  killed, 
was  Fray  Pedro  de  Corpa. 

When  this  religious  was  dead,  the  Indians  began  to  ex- 
change women  in  order  to  give  rein  to  their  sensuality  and 
unlawful  pleasures.45  A command  was  given  that  the  head  of 
the  dead  religious  be  placed  on  the  end  of  a lance  and  set  up 
at  the  landing  place,  and  that  the  body  be  taken  by  two  In- 
dians to  the  woods,  to  be  hidden  so  that  the  Christians  would 
not  find  it.  Hence  it  is  that  the  body  has  not  been  found.46 

Afterwards  they  sent  notice  to  the  isle  of  Guale,  which 
was  near,47  commanding  the  cacique  to  kill  the  two  friars  who 
were  in  his  territory.  When  the  cacique  heard  of  this.,  he  was 
much  grieved,  nor  did  he  wish  to  fulfill  the  command.  There- 
fore he  warned  the  lay  brother  of  what  he  had  learned  about 
the  Indians'  deeds,  advising  him  that  he  and  the  Father  Com- 
missary go  to  the  isle  of  San  Pedro.  Moreover  the  cacique 
offered  to  give  him  a bark  and  Indians  who  would  take  them 
thither,  even  though  it  would  be  at  the  risk  of  their  lives.  The 
lay  brother,  however,  did  not  wish  to  believe  him,  and  so  did 
not  choose  to  advise  Fray  Miguel  de  Aunon  of  the  warning. 
Nor  did  the  cacique  dare  tell  the  priest,  both  on  account  of  the 
shame  which  the  situation  revealed,  and  because  of  the  great 
love  he  had  for  him. 

The  cacique  advised  the  lay  brother  again  the  next  day, 
but  not  being  able  to  believe  such  a thing,  the  brother  reacted 
the  same  as  the  first  time.  On  the  third  day,  the  Indians  of 
the  conspiracy  came  and  told  the  cacique  that  they  were  com- 
ing to  have  him  kill  the  friars ; otherwise  they  would  have  to 
kill  the  cacique.  The  cacique  answered  he  had  no  reason  for 
killing  the  friars  and  that  if  they  cared  to  overlook  them,  and 
would  leave  them  free,  he  would  give  the  Indians  as  much  as 
he  had.  The  Indians  agreed  to  answer  that  they  had  come  to 
kill  and  that  they  intended  to  carry  out  their  intention.  The 
cacique  then  went  to  Fray  Miguel  and  with  tears  told  him  what 
was  happening  and  that  he  could  not  rescue  them  and  that  he 
and  his  people  were  going  to  the  woods  to  weep  for  them  as 
if  they  were  their  own  brothers. 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


75 


When  Fray  Miguel  and  his  companion  saw  this,  they 
turned  to  prayer  to  await  the  critical  hour  of  death.  He  said 
Mass  and  afterwards  spent  more  than  four  hours  in  prayer. 
Presently  the  Indians  sacked  the  house,  then  came  first  upon 
the  lay  brother  and  gave  him  a blow  with  the  hatchet  or  ma- 
ccma,  from  which  he  soon  died.  They  did  not  dare  approach 
Fray  Miguel,  owing  to  the  respect  they  had  for  him.  But  a 
pagan  Indian  came  and  gave  him  a heavy  blow  with  a macana 
and  stunned  him.  All  the  faithful  of  the  town  came,  wishing  to 
defend  and  rescue  him,  but  another  pagan  Indian  came  from 
behind  and  gave  him  another  very  heavy  blow  which  cut  his 
brains  to  pieces.48  This  pagan  Indian,  within  a few  days,  gave 
way  to  despair  and  hung  himself  from  a height  with  the  cord 
of  his  bow.  This  caused  great  wonder  among  the  Indians. 
The  Christian  Indians  buried  the  body  [of  Fray  Miguel]  at  the 
foot  of  a very  high  cross  which  he  himself  had  erected.  Six 
years  afterwards  when  [the  Spaniards]  came  to  look  for  his 
bones,  they  found  them  at  the  foot  of  the  cross,  as  the  Indians 
had  told  them.49 

In  the  town  of  Tupiqui,50  which  is  near  there  where  Fray 
Bias  Rodriguez  resided,  the  Indians  came  and  said  to  him: 
“We  have  come  to  kill  you ; you  have  no  other  alternative  but 
to  die.”  Then  the  priest  asked  them  to  allow  him  to  first 
say  Mass  and  after  that  they  could  do  with  him  as  they 
pleased.  He  said  Mass,  while  the  Christian  women  as  well  as 
some  men  came  to  mourn  over  him.  Then  he  divided  among 
them  the  little  he  had  for  his  own  use.  Four  hours  having 
passed  after  he  said  Mass,  he  held  an  argumentative  discourse 
with  all  his  [spiritual]  sons  whom  he  had  baptized  and  in- 
structed in  the  law  of  God.  Seeing  that  they  had  rebelled 
against  him,  he  said  to  them:  “My  children,  for  me  it  is  not 
a difficult  thing  to  die,  for  death  of  the  body  will  come  al- 
though you  be  not  the  instrument  of  my  death.  Every  hour 
we  must  expect  it;  at  the  end  we  shall  have  to  die.  What 
hurts  me  is  your  loss,  and  that  the  devil  has  been  able  to  make 
you  commit  so  great  an  offense  against  your  God  and  Creator ; 
it  hurts  me,  likewise,  that  you  are  so  ungrateful  for  the  work 


76 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


which  I and  the  other  fathers  have  undertaken  for  you  in 
order  to  teach  you  the  way  to  heaven.”  Then  he  said  to  them, 
weeping:  “Look,  children,  now  you  have  time,  if  you  wish  to 
depart  from  your  evil  intention;  God  our  Master  is  merciful 
and  He  will  forgive  you.”  But  that  sacrilegious  people  paid 
no  attention  to  his  counsel  and  tears,  but  rather  they  despoiled 
the  relics  and  vestments  of  the  church  and  everything  the 
father  had  in  his  cell.  Owing  to  his  requests  and  petitions, 
they  held  him  for  two  days  without  killing  him.  During  this 
time  he  prepared  for  death  with  the  best  disposition  and  care 
he  could,  like  a good  religious  and  Christian. 

When  these  days  had  passed,51  they  gave  him  a heavy 
blow  with  a stone  hatchet,  thereby  breaking  his  brains  to 
pieces.  They  threw  his  body  to  the  birds,  for  the  Christians 
did  not  dare  to  bury  him.  But  the  birds  did  not  come  to  feed 
on  him,  while  a dog  that  came  upon  him,  immediately  turned 
away.  This  was  seen  by  all.  An  old  man,  a Christian,  took 
the  body  secretly  to  bury  it  in  the  woods.  Because  this  good 
old  man  has  died  we  do  not  know  where  the  friar's  bones  lie.52 

Father  Avila  was  at  his  mission53  whither  the  Indians 
went  with  the  set  determination  to  kill  him.  They  arrived  at 
night  and  since  they  found  him  already  retired,  they  knocked 
at  the  door,  feigning  they  were  bringing  a letter  from  his  prel- 
ate. He  replied  that  they  should  give  it  to  him  in  the  morning. 
(He  was  already  fearful,  knowing  that  they  had  killed  Father 
Corpa.)  The  Indians  insisted  that  he  open  the  door  to  which 
he  answered  that  it  was  not  time  to  open  till  morning,  and 
that  in  God's  name  they  should  depart  for  he  had  already  re- 
tired. Then  the  Indians  commenced  to  open  the  door  with 
violence,  which  in  fact  they  finally  succeeded  [in  doing] . The 
religious,  seeing  himself  in  this  danger,  placed  himself  behind 
the  door,  and  since  there  was  no  light,  they  rushed  in  all  at 
once  to  rob  his  poor  abode.  In  the  avaricious  spirit  in  which 
they  came,  they  did  not  encounter  the  priest  for  he  had  fled 
from  their  fury,  hiding  himself  in  some  rushes.  They  looked 
for  him  carefully  and  found  him  for  they  were  able  to  see  by 
the  light  of  the  moon.  They  shot  at  him  with  three  arrows 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


77 


and  left  him  for  dead.  With  one,  they  struck  him  in  the  right 
hand,  with  another  in  the  shoulder,  while  a third  hit  him  in 
the  thigh.  Soon  there  came  to  him  an  Indian,  feigning  char- 
ity, who  took  off  his  habit  and  said  to  him:  “Take  off  this 

habit  which  is  full  of  blood  and  I shall  wash  it  for  you.” 

The  Indian  took  it  off  and  put  it  on  himself,  so  that  the 
religious  was  naked.  Nevertheless,  the  Indian  was  of  use 
to  him,  in  that  he  was  a young  chieftain,  for  he  then  liberated 
him  from  the  fury  of  the  others,  and  so  the  religious  was  not 
killed.  The  chieftain  persuaded  the  Indians  that  they  should 
take  the  religious  along  with  them  and  give  him  a more  cruel 
form  of  death,  or  that  he  should  remain  a captive  among  them 
to  serve  them,  since  they  had  already  left  him  for  dead  in  the 
rushes.  They  then  tied  his  arms  and  took  him  off  as  a cap- 
tive to  the  pagan  towns  by  means  of  Indians  who  guarded  him. 

It  is  incredible  what  this  religious  experienced  in  the 
year54  of  his  captivity  among  those  barbarians.  He  was  naked 
in  a climate  which  is  as  rigorous  as  that  of  Madrid,  nor  did 
he  have  anyone  to  heal  his  wounds,  nor  did  he  have  any  cloth 
for  bandages  to  cover  or  bind  them.  God  healed  them  miracu- 
lously or  mercifully.  After  this  the  Indians  determined  to 
burn  him,  tied  to  a stake  which  was  to  serve  as  a firebrand, 
with  a great  quantity  of  twigs  and  sticks  which  they  had 
brought  together  for  that  purpose.  In  this  predicament,  an 
Indian  woman  came  forth  and  freed  the  religious  from  the 
pillar,  for  she  had  a son  among  the  hostages,  held  by  the 
military.  She  declared:  “This  man  I must  have  in  place  of 

my  son,  for  he  will  have  to  bring  my  son  to  me ; and  if  I deliver 
him  from  death,  the  governor  will  not  order  my  son  to  be 
killed.”  At  this,  they  delivered  him  from  death  after  which 
he  was  somewhat  more  free. 

Great  was  the  persecution  he  sustained  at  the  hands  of 
the  boys  who  many  times  came  short  of  killing  or  hanging 
him  in  view  of  the  fact  that  when  the  religious  had  taught 
them  Christian  doctrine  and  reading,  he  had  sometimes  struck 
them.  The  Indians  made  him  serve  a,s  a slave  in  the  com- 
munity house.  He  suffered  great  hunger,  but  wherever  he 


78 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


went  they  gave  him  something  because  he  asked  for  it  for 
the  love  of  God.  They  made  him  carry  wood  on  his  shoulders 
and  ordered  him  to  guard  their  huts55  and  the  cultivated  maize 
fields  from  the  jackdaws  that  pilfered  from  them.56 

Although  in  this  brief  eulogy,  the  death  and  martyrdom 
of  four  religious  have  been  told,  together  with  the  great  suf- 
ferings of  Father  Avila,  I have  deemed  it  well  to  include  the 
very  narrative  of  Father  Avila  which  he  left  written  in  his  own 
hand,  before  he  returned  to  Spain,  and  which  remained  in  the 
hands  of  Father  Marron.  After  his  death  [Father  Marron’s]  it 
was  kept  in  the  archives  of  the  convent  of  Havana.57  In  this 
narrative,  after  having  briefly  narrated  the  death  of  his  com- 
panions, he  continues  the  story  of  his  imprisonment  and  cap- 
tivity and  at  the  same  time  recounts  minutely  his  own  suffer- 
ings. He  writes  as  follows : 

NOTES 

VII 

aThe  Franciscan  commissary-general  of  the  Indies  resid- 
ing at  Madrid,  and  maintained  at  royal  expense,  was,  after 
the  minister-general  of  the  Order,  the  chief  executive  offi- 
cer concerning  friars  who  went  to  the  Indies.  His  dealings 
were  directly  with  the  Crown.  The  king  gave  permission  for 
friars  to  go  to  the  Indies,  whereupon  the  commissary-general 
was  notified;  he,  in  turn,  appointed  a commissary  to  recruit 
friars  for  a definite  field  in  the  Indies.  The  transportation  of 
the  friars  from  their  friaries  to  the  port  of  Seville,  as 
well  as  their  maintenance  in  Seville  until  embarcation  was 
taken  care  of  by  the  royal  treasury.  Their  passage  to  the 
Indies,  their  daily  maintenance  in  Florida,  the  purchase  of 
vestments  and  chalices,  and  the  construction  of  churches  and 
friaries,  were  likewise  provided  for  by  the  munificence  of  the 
Spanish  king.  Documentary  evidence  is  rich  in  the  matter  of 
details  as  to  the  manner  in  which  the  friars  were  maintained 
at  royal  support. 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


79 


-St.  Bonaventure  is  one  of  the  doctors  of  the  Catholic 
Church.  The  honor  of  doctor  is  given  to  those  saints  who  by 
their  copious  writing’s  have  elucidated  and  propounded  Catholic 
teaching-  and  who  have  enhanced  Catholicism  by  their  learning-. 
During-  life  St.  Bonaventure  was  a doctor  also  in  the  academic 
sense.  He  taught  at  the  University  of  Paris  contemporane- 
ously with  St.  Thomas.  In  ecclesiastical  circles  St.  Bonaven- 
ture is  known  as  the  Seraphic  Doctor. 

3The  friar  who  was  commissioned  by  the  commissary- 
general  to  recruit  friars  for  the  Indies  was  known  as  a com- 
missary. Sometimes  the  commissary  accompanied  the  friars 
to  the  Indies,  at  other  times  he  merely  conducted  them  to  the 
port  of  embarcation. 

4In  former  times,  more  generally  than  now,  priests  were 
designated  as  confessors,  preachers,  etc.,  according  to  the 
special  type  of  priestly  work  committed  to  them.  Such  dis- 
tinctions are  foreign  to  modern  American  practice  and  in  fact 
most  countries  of  the  world. 

5Besides  the  Church  Lent  which  lasts  from  Ash  Wed- 
nesday till  Easter,  St.  Francis  required  his  friars  to  keep  the 
Seraphic  Lent  from  November  2 to  December  24  inclusive. 
A second  Lent  known  as  the  Lent  of  the  Epiphany  is  not 
obligatory.  The  more  zealous  of  the  friars,  however,  kept 
this  Lent  as  religiously  as  those  of  obligation. 

°The  great  Lent  or  the  Church  Lent  par  excellence,  which 
lasts  from  Ash  Wednesday  till  Easter  Sunday. 

7The  clothing  of  the  friars  is  determined  by  the  Francis- 
can Rule.  Besides  the  habit,  the  friars  are  permitted  to  wear 
beneath,  a tunic  made  of  coarse  material.  The  tunic  is  not 
obligatory. 

8Since  the  Franciscans  are  mendicants,  they  are  dependent 
on  alms  in  one  form  or  another  for  their  subsistence.  Exem- 
plary friars  were  sent  about  the  town  or  city  ostiatim  to  beg 
for  the  food  and  other  necessaries  of  the  community. 

9A  duke  or  duchess  del  Infantado  signifies  a person  of 
royal  blood  to  whom  a portion  of  territory  has  been  assigned. 


80 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


10This  royal  cedula  was  signed  at  Caravanchel,  July  1, 
1598.  The  cedula  stated  that  the  commissary-general  of  the 
Indies  consented  to  Father  Montes'  return  to  Spain  owing  to 
his  illness  in  Florida.  The  governor  of  Florida  was  commanded 
to  place  no  obstacles  in  the  way  of  Father  Montes'  return  to 
Spain.  (A.  G.  I.  154-1-18)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot. 

- “Albacete  is  the  principal  town  in  the  province  of  the 
same  name  in  southeastern  Spain. 

— 12Tendilla  is  located  in  the  province  of  Guadalajara,  south- 
east of  the  city  of  Guadalajara. 

13Bayamo,  Cuba.  In  1609  Florida  and  Cuba  were  joined 
into  a single  custody  or  minor  province  and  in  1612  both 
formed  the  province  of  Santa  Elena  of  Florida. 

14Father  Ore  made  two  visitations  in  Florida,  in  1614  and 
in  1616.  In  the  Memorial  del  P.  Fray  Luis  Jeronimo  de  Ore 
a S.  M.  pidiendo  misioneros  para  la  Florida,  donde  aumentaban 
las  conversiones,  he  states,  he  visited  Florida  twice  “con  peli- 
gros  y trabaxos  de  la  costa  de  la  Florida  por  ser  mas  tem- 
pestuoso  la  canal  de  Bahama  y estar  a la  boca  della  la  ciudad 
y puerto  de  S.  Agustin."  Vide  Lopez,  Relacion  historica,  II,  45. 

15Cape  Canaveral  which  retains  the  same  name  today  is 
thirty  leagues  or  about  ninety  miles  south  of  St.  Augustine. 
It  was  a treacherous  part  of  the  coast  that  proved  disastrous 
to  many  a Spanish  mariner. 

16This  fact  of  his  teaching  the  Indians  singing  is  brought 
out  in  another  source,  the  poem  La  Florida  by  Escobedo,  in 
Lopez,  Relacion  historica , I,  82-83: 

Hubo  por  su  venida  gran  contento, 

Cantando  a punto  de  organo  canciones, 

Que  el  Padre  Chozas,  con  su  buen  talento, 

Les  daba  cada  dia  dos  lecciones,  . . . 

“Great  happiness  prevailed  as  a result  of  [Father  Cho- 
zas'] return  [from  Tama] . [The  Indians]  sang  their  songs  to 
the  accompaniment  of  the  organ ; for  Father  Chozas,  musically 
talented,  had  given  them  two  lessons  each  day.'' 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


81 


17La  Tama  was  in  the  interior  of  Georgia.  In  the  com- 
pany of  Fray  Francisco  de  Verascola,  a soldier  and  a num- 
ber of  Indians,  Father  Chozas  explored  the  interior  of  Georgia 
in  1597  just  before  the  Guale  outbreak.  He  was  commissioned 
to  make  this  trip  of  exploration  by  the  governor,  Gonzalo 
Mendez  de  Canzo  and  by  his  religious  superior,  Fray  Fran- 
cisco Marron.  La  Florida  in  Lopez,  Relacion  historica,  I, 
26-35,  and  Serrano  y Sanz,  Docwnentos  historicos,  pp.  143-145. 

18Father  Chozas  was  sent  to  Spain  by  order  of  Father  Mar- 
ron despite  the  fact  that  the  governor  wanted  him  to  wait  until 
royal  permission  had  been  obtained.  Lanning,  The  Spanish 
Missions  of  Georgia  (Chapel  Hill,  1935),  p.  191.  When  the 
governor  complained  of  this  procedure  to  the  king,  the  latter 
wrote  to  Canzo  that  in  similar  circumstances  the  friars  were 
not  to  be  impeded  from  going  to  Spain.  Carta  del  gobemador 
de  la  Florida  Gonzalo  Mendez  de  Canzo  a S.  M.  San  Agustin 
23  de  febrero  de  1598.  (A.  G.  I.  54-5-9)  Modern  number,  244. 
Lanning  transcript. 

19 Custodio  appears  to  have  been  the  title  given  to  a friar 
who  represented  a province  at  a general  chapter. 

20The  general  chapter  of  the  Order  elects  a minister-gen- 
eral of  the  Order.  Each  province  sends  its  delegate.  At  this 
chapter,  held  at  Rome  in  1612,  Florida  became  a province. 

21Since  the  days  of  St.  Francis  the  holy  places  in  Palestine 
have  been  under  the  care  and  protection  of  the  Friars  Minor. 
Alms  for  the  maintenance  of  the  holy  places  are  gathered  by 
commissaries  throughout  the  world  who  send  the  proceeds  to 
the  Holy  Land. 

22Castanar  is  in  Estremadura. 

23It  was  from  such  houses  of  recollection  that  the  Re- 
collects in  France  and  the  Reformati  in  Italy,  reform  branches 
within  the  ranks  of  the  Franciscans,  developed.  H.  Holzapfel, 
O.  F.  M.,  Handbuch  der  Geschichte  des  Franziskanerordens 
(Freiburg  im  Breisgau,  1909),  pp.  334-336.  Houses  of  recol- 
lection were  friaries  in  which  was  maintained  a stricter  ob- 
servance of  the  rule,  coupled  with  severer  mortification  and 


82 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


greater  recollection  from  the  distractions  of  the  world.  Vide 
Dominic  Devas,  0.  F.  M.,  The  Franciscan  Order:  an  Essay  on 
its  Spirit  and  History  (New  York,  1930) , p.  42. 

24Aun6n  is  a town  in  the  province  of  Guadalajara  in  north- 
eastern Spain. 

25The  title  of  guardian  is  given  to  a local  superior  espe- 
cially of  larger  houses,  while  that  of  definitor  to  a member  of 
the  provincial's  council.  The  custodio  was  the  chief  adminis- 
trative officer  in  a custodia  or  custody,  a province  in  the  pro- 
cess of  formation.  When  the  custody  became  a province  the 
chief  administrative  officer  was  called  a provincial.  Father 
Pareja  obtained  this  latter  office  in  December,  1616. 

26In  the  year  1616.  Father  Ore’s  prior  visit  in  1614  was 
made  in  fulfillment  of  a commission  to  visit  the  friars  offi- 
cially but  not  to  hold  a provincial  chapter. 

27Commissary  is  a term  used  in  various  ways.  A friar 
delegated  for  a special  task  may  be  designated  a commissary. 
This  occurred  a number  of  times  in  early  Florida.  A com- 
missary, likewise,  recruited  friars  in  Spain  (which  Father  Ruiz 
did  in  1610) , and  provided  for  their  economic  needs. 

28Father  of  the  Province  or  Pater  Provinciae  was  a title 
given  to  some  of  the  definitors  who  were  perpetual  definitors, 
and  who  enjoyed  the  right  of  perpetual  vote  in  chapter.  Holz- 
apfel,  op.  cit.,  p.  424. 

29He  is  referred  to  as  the  “Cantabrian  Giant”  in  Bolton, 
Arredondo’s  Historical  Proof , p.  15. 

30Fray  Pedro  Viniegra  after  ordination  was  stationed  at 
Nombre  de  Dios  and  ministered  at  Tocoy  and  Antonico  in  the 
Fresh  Water  District.  Lanning,  The  Spanish  Missions  of 
Georgia,  p.  146. 

31Talarrubias  is  located  in  the  province  of  Badajoz,  Spain. 

32Prior  to  his  coming  to  Florida,  Father  Marron  had  seen 
veteran  service  in  Peru,  Mexico  and  Guatemala.  Lopez,  Rela- 
tion historica,  II,  12-13. 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


83 


33That  is  in  the  year  1587.  Cf.  note  7,  ch.  vi.  Only  three 
names  of  this  group  mentioned  by  Father  Ore  correspond  with 
those  mentioned  by  Father  Escobedo  in  his  poem,  La  Florida . 
These  are  Fathers  Corpa  and  Lopez,  and  Brother  Antonio  de 
Badajoz.  Fray  Bias  de  Rodriguez  and  Brother  Juan  de  San 
Nicolas  are  not  mentioned  by  Escobedo. 

34This  Father  Lopez  himself  asserts  in  his  letter  to  the 
king  on  December  12,  1599.  Lopez,  Relacion  historica,  II,  11. 

35The  province  of  San  Gabriel  became  a province  of  the 
Discalced  Friars  in  the  seventeenth  century.  Fray  Juan  de  la 
Trinidad,  Chronica  de  la  provincia  de  San  Gabriel  (Seville, 
1652),  p.  6. 

36The  province  of  St.  James  or  Santiago  de  Compostella  in 
Galicia. 

37Badajoz  is  on  the  Guadiana  River  in  southwestern  Spain. 

38Governor  Avendano  himself  accompanied  the  religious 
to  their  doctrinas  or  missions.  Informacion  hecha  sobre  las 
conversiones  de  la  Florida,  por  orden  de  Fray  Francisco  de 
Marron,  Vicario  Eclesiastico  en  esta  region,  in  Lopez,  Relacion 
historica , II,  8. 

39In  January,  1597,  Father  Marron  who  had  visited  the  re^ 
ligious  in  their  missions  declared  that  they  were  hindered 
from  properly  performing  their  religious  ministrations,  owing 
to  a lack  of  vestments,  chalices,  missals,  bells,  statues  and  oil- 
stocks.  Informacion  hecha  sobre  las  conversiones  de  la  Florida, 
etc.  in  Lopez,  Relacion  historica , II,  8. 

40In  September,  1597. 

41Father  Corpa  who  was  stationed  at  Tolomato  on  the 
mainland  opposite  Zapala  Island.  Bolton,  Arredondo's  His- 
torical Proof , 15. 

42The  Indian  youth  Don  Juan  or  Don  Juanillo  as  he  is 
sometimes  called. 

43The  practice  of  polygamy  proved  a serious  obstacle  to 
the  whole-hearted  adoption  of  Christianity  in  Guale.  That 
this  was  the  real  underlying  reason  of  the  revolt  is  clear  from 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


84 

the  several  documents  on  the  revolt.  Various  Indians  who 
testified  at  the  trial  held  at  St.  Augustine  in  1598  stated  that 
the  friars  specifically  commanded  the  Indians  to  live  with  but 
one  wife.  That  the  religious  died  because  they  upheld  the 
Christian  law  of  monogamy  is  clear  from  a letter  of  the  friars 
written  to  the  king  in  1612J^“Although  the  Indians  did  not 
martyr  the  friars  for  the  faith,  it  is  certain  that  they  mar- 
tyred them  because  of  the  law  of  God  which  the  religious 
taught  them.”  It  was  polygamy  versus  monogamy.  “This 
is  the  reason  they  gave  and  which  they  attest  to  today,  since 
they  realize  their  sin.  ...  It  is  known  in  this  land  that  since 
the  death  of  those  holy  religious  this  people  has  become  docile 
and  mild-mannered  attaining  the  point  [of  subjection]  they 
show  today.”  The  definitors  of  the  custody  of  Santa  Elena 
to  the  king,  October  16,  1612.  (A.  G.  I.  54-5-17)  F.  S.  H.  S. 
phot.  A contributary  cause  of  the  revolt  may  have  been  the 
fact  that  Father  Corpa  in  conjunction  with  Father  Rodriguez 
removed  Don  Juan  from  the  exercise  of  the  office  of  cacique 
because  of  his  un-Christian  mode  of  life.  Lanning,  The  Span- 
ish Missions  of  Georgia,  p.  82. 

44September  18,  1597.  Lanning,  The  Spanish  Missions  of 
Georgia,  p.  84. 

45 According  to  Barcia,  Don  Juan  delivered  a fiery  speech 
to  the  Indians  who  had  participated  in  the  murder  and  told 
them  that  since  the  Spanish  governor  would  punish  them  as 
severely  for  the  death  of  one  friar  as  for  the  death  of  all, 
they  might  as  well  kill  the  others.  Then  they  proceded  to  act 
upon  his  words.  Ensayo  Cronologico,  p.  170. 

46When  Governor  Canzo  in  the  company  of  Fray  Bias  de 
Montes  and  soldiers  went  to  Guale  after  the  friars  had  been 
killed,  he  found  the  church  at  Tolomato  burned,  and  in  the 
brush  recovered  an  altar-stone  and  a statue  of  St.  Anthony 
of  Padua.  1598-Testimomio  de  lo  sugedido  en  la  lengua  de 
Guale  en  el  viaxe  que  hizo  Gonzalo  mendez  de  Cango  governa- 
dor  y Capitan  general  de  las  prouingias  por  el  Rey  nuestro 
Senor  a aueriguar  y castigar  la  muerte  de  los  Relixiosos  que 
mataron  en  aquella  lengua.  No.  I.  San  Agustln  de  la  Florida 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


85 


12  de  enero  de  1598.  (A.  G.  I.  54-5-9 ; No.  28)  Modern  number 

224.  Lanning  transcript.  (Cited  hereinafter  as  1598-Tes- 
timonio,  etc.  (A.  G.  I.  54-5-9;  No.  28). 

47Guale  or  St.  Catherines  Island  was  to  the  northeast. 

48The  date  of  the  death  of  these  two  friars  was  Septem- 
ber 17.  Lanning,  The  Spanish  Missions  of  Georgia , p.  89. 
Soldiers  under  Governor  Canzo  discovered  the  burial  place  of 
the  two  martyrs,  exhumed  them  and  re-buried  them  in  a de- 
cent manner.  The  bodies  were  horribly  mutilated  and  they 
were  in  such  a state  of  decay  that  at  the  time  they  could  not 
be  taken  to  St.  Aug-ustine.  A modest  marker  was  placed  on 
the  graves  so  that  the  bodies  could  be  located  at  a later  date. 
1598-Testimonio,  etc.  (A.  G.  I.  54-5-9;  No.  23). 

49The  reference  here  is  to  the  time  when  the  bones  of  the 
martyrs  were  taken  to  St.  Augustine.  According  to  Barcia, 
this  occurred  in  1605.  Ensayo  Cronologico,  p.  176. 

50Tupiqui  was  close  to  Tolomato,  three  leagues  to  the 
north  on  the  mainland.  Bolton,  Arredondo’s  Historical  Proof , 
p.  15. 

51His  death  occurred  on  September  16.  Lanning,  The 
Spanish  Missions  of  Georgia,  p.  87. 

52Soldiers  under  Canzo  found  the  buried  corpse  of  Father 
Rodriguez,  his  head  split  in  three  or  four  places.  They  dis- 
interred him  and  buried  him  anew.  1598-Testimonio,  etc.  (Av_ 
G.  I.  54-5-9;  No.  23). 

53At  Ospo  on  Jekyl  Island.  Bolton,  Arredondo’ s Histor- 
ical Proof,  p.  15. 

54More  precisely  ten  months. 

55The  Spanish  text  of  Ore  as  edited  by  Lopez,  here  and 
in  several  other  places  has  sabanas  which  in  the  circumstances 
used  would  mean  orchards.  In  all  probability  the  correct 
reading  of  the  original  manuscript  was  cabanas,  huts  or  cabins 
and  more  specifically,  the  garitas  where  the  grain  was  stored. 
Father  Avila’s  work  was  to  keep  away  the  birds  from  pilfering 
the  grain  fields  and  the  cabanas  as  well.  Fray  Juan  de  la 
Trinidad,  of  the  province  of  San  Gabriel,  in  Spain  declared  that 


86 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


the  Relation  of  Father  Avila  came  into  his  hands.  In  giving 
a digest  of  the  account  of  Father  Avila,  Fray  Juan  declares 
that  one  of  the  captive’s  duties  was  “que  guardase  las  caba- 
nas.” Chronica  de  la  provvncia  de  San  Gabriel  (Seville, 
1652),  p.  717. 

56In  the  above  paragraphs  Father  Ore  has  been  anticipat- 
ing the  story  of  Father  Avila’s  captivity  mentioning  certain 
events  which  will  be  retold  in  the  Relation  of  Father  Avila 
himself. 

57Here  one  has  an  extraordinary  history  as  to  the  fate  of 
an  important  document.  In  giving  the  reader  the  genesis  of 
events  in  the  history  of  the  document,  Father  Ore  showed  his 
historical  scholarship.  Cf.  note  55  as  to  the  further  fate  of 
the  document. 


VIII 


Narrative  of  the  great  hardships  which  father  Avila 

ENDURED  DURING  THE  YEAR  AND  A HALF  IN  WHICH  HE  WAS 
CAPTIVE  AMONG  THE  REBEL  INDIANS,  AND  OF  THE  DEATH  AND 
MARTYRDOM  OF  FATHER  VERASCOLA,  A NATIVE  OF  VIZCAYA. 

To  relate  once  more  how  God  delivered  me  from  the 
hands  of  the  Indians,  I declare  as  follows:  When  they  found 

me  among  the  rushes  where  I had  hid  myself,  they  shot 
arrows  at  me.  Then  they  held  me  for  the  period  of  an  hour, 
leaving  me  with  an  Indian  to  guard  me  while  the  Indians  were 
busy  sacking  and  robbing  the  church  and  house.  Soon  there 
came  the  cacique  who  had  liberated  me,  with  three  or  four 
Indians,  and  at  that  hour  of  the  night,  they  took  me  to  their 
town  which  was  two  leagues  from  there,  over  a very  poor 
road.  But  since  I was  wounded,  I could  walk  only  with  great 
difficulty;  yet  they  urged  me  on,  pretending  they  were  taking 
me  to  their  town  to  cure  me  and  to  provide  for  me.  Finally, 
perhaps  about  twelve  o’clock  at  night,  we  arrived  where  they 
threw  me  among  some  common  reed-grass  in  the  hut  until 
morning.  Some  guards  were  placed  over  me,  and  I passed  the 
time  amid  great  annoyance.  When  morning  arrived,  the 
cacique  came,  despoiling  me  of  my  habit  which  I had,  leaving 
me  my  undergarments.  He  said  the  habit  was  very  bloody 
and  he  wanted  to  wash  it.  In  the  meanwhile  I wore  a small 
coat  which  he  left  with  me.  This  is  the  clothing  in  which  the 
Indians  go  about.  So  I was  like  an  Indian  with  regard  to  my 
exterior,  while  all  of  them  made  fun  of  me  and  mocked  me. 

The  cacique  convoked  all  the  boys  and  women,  saying  to 
them:  “Come  kiss  the  hand  of  your  father;  receive  his 

blessing.”  Since  we  had  taught  them  this  good  custom  and 
mark  of  good  breeding,  the  cacique  commanded  that  they 
practice  this  custom  on  me  in  mockery.  After  the  Indians 

87 


88 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


had  satisfied  themselves  by  this  amusement  and  had  made 
fun  of  me,  the  cacique  ordered  that  two  Indians  should  tie  my 
hands  with  a rope  and  take  me  to  Tulafina,1  which  was  the 
first  mission  or  post  where  I had  been.  It  was  distant  six 
leagues  through  swamps  and  mire  so  that  one  had  to  go 
through  them  up  to  the  hips.  Moreover  the  Indians  said 
that  I had  declared  that  the  land  of  Tulafina  was  bad  and  that 
the  Indians  were  very  bad.  “Therefore,”  said  the  cacique , 
“I  wish  you  to  go  there ; and  there  they  will  treat  you  as  you 
deserve.”  So  with  great  cruelty  they  soon  took  me  there, 
without  considering  my  wounds.  And  since  the  roads  were  so 
bad,  I fell  at  almost  every  step  and  stuck  in  the  mire.  For 
them  it  was  the  occasion  of  so  much  satisfaction  and  delight 
that  they  could  not  hide  it,  for  they  made  fun  of  me  with 
gestures  and  grimaces,  and  played  with  me  by  slapping  me  on 
the  neck.  If  God  had  not  given  me  sufficient  strength  and 
relief,  this  journey  would  have  been  enough  to  bring  on  death, 
for  I was  sick  and  wounded.  But  God  who  wished  to  liberate 
me  from  their  hands  gave  me  sufficient  strength  to  bear  it. 

At  about  four  in  the  afternoon,  we  arrived  at  a very 
large  town  called  Ufalage.  This  town  is  on  the  way  to  Tulafina. 
Many  Indians,  men  and  women,  came  out  to  meet  me,  all  of 
whom  were  painted,  and  who  made  a great  show  and  mockery 
of  me.  In  this  manner  they  took  me  to  their  hut  where  they 
made  me  sit  down  on  the  ground,  while  they  all  stood  around 
me  laughing  at  me  and  ridiculing  me.  I was  very  tired  and 
hungry  and  on  this  account  I would  have  preferred  to  remain 
there  that  night.  This,  however,  was  not  to  their  liking,  so 
that  night  they  took  me  to  Tulafina  because  they  alleged  that 
the  Indians  there  were  awaiting  me.  Tulafina  was  distant 
two  leagues  from  there.  The  journey  was  over  a worse  road 
than  the  previous  one  and  in  many  parts,  the  water  reached 
to  the  waist.  Nevertheless,  God  gave  me  strength,  and  before 
nightfall  we  arrived  at  Tulafina.  A little  before  arriving 
there  we  encountered  a great  number  of  painted  Indians,  their 
faces  smeared  with  red  earth,  and  fitted  out  with  bows  and 
arrows.  They  seemed  to  be  numberless  and  looked  like 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


89 


demons.  They  all  came  out  to  receive  me,  and  amid  great 
mockery  and  fun,  led  me  to  their  habitation.  When  I arrived 
at  the  door  of  the  hut,  I found  a great  quantity  of  dry  palm. 
They  told  me  that  the  palm  was  to  make  a fire  to  burn  me. 
And  on  entering,  I found  they  had  erected  a large  cross, 
while  on  one  side  there  was  a large  whip  which  was  a green 
rod  with  many  branches  which  they  use  when  at  first  they 
make  the  blood  flow.  On  the  other  side  of  the  cross  was  a 
rod  to  be  used  as  a firebrand  having  a pine  branch  before  it 
with  the  head-skin  of  a small  animal.  They  commanded  me 
to  sit  down  at  the  foot  of  the  cross.  Thereupon  they  tied  my 
hands;  my  arms  being  already  bent  because  of  the  arrow 
shots  in  the  shoulder,  arm  and  hand.  They  also  tied  my  neck 
strongly  to  the  same  cross  so  that  they  almost  hung  me. 
When  this  was  done,  a cacique  came,  who  was  the  commander 
of  the  dwelling,  and  said : “Do  you  know  what  this  is  ? The 

cross  which  is  erected  here,  is  an  invention  of  yours  so  we 
shall  have  to  place  you  on  it.  The  torch  is  to  be  bound  to 
your  body  to  burn  you;  the  whip  is  to  beat  you;  and  this 
skin  which  is  here,  is  a sign  that  you  have  to  die.  Tomorrow 
all  this  will  be  put  into  execution.”  Then  an  Indian  dressed 
in  a chasuble,  went  about  in  mockery,  mimicking  the  Mass. 
Another  Indian  came  and  placed  a book  before  me  and  when 
I did  not  reverence  it,  a principal  cacique  came  and  with  the 
book  struck  me  on  the  head  and  cheek  with  a blow  so  hard 
that  it  left  me  senseless.2 

I was  stark  naked  for  they  did  not  even  let  me  have  a 
poor  coat.  Another  Indian  came  with  a cord,  one  of  those 
with  which  we  gird  ourselves,3  knotted  and  doubled,  and  gave 
me  three  or  four  strokes  so  hard  that  I was  left  like  dead. 
While  they  were  engaged  in  this,  a cacique  arose  and  carried 
a little  bit  of  burning  wood  and  threw  it  on  my  back.  Since 
I was  tied,  I could  not  throw  it  from  me  very  quickly.  It 
left  a deep  mark  on  my  body  and  caused  me  much  pain.  Soon 
the  Indians  began  to  dance  around  me  as  if  they  were  passing 
in  review  before  me,  and  if  it  struck  someone’s  fancy,  he 
gave  me  a heavy  blow  with  a macana.  In  this  manner  they 


90 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


danced  for  three  hours,  while  they  made  a thousand  incanta- 
tions. When  they  were  tired  of  dancing,  they  sat  down  a 
little  and  when  I saw  there  was  a little  quiet,  I asked  them  if 
they,  for  the  love  of  God,  would  have  the  kindness  to  untie  my 
arms  for  a little  while,  (for  they  were  in  a bent  position)  and 
though  they  were  going  to  kill  me,  I asked  them  to  show  this 
mercy  to  me.  Just  then  they  did  not  wish  to  heed  my  request, 
but  they  soon  began  to  treat  among  themselves  about  showing 
me  some  mercy.  They  remembered  that  there  was  in  the 
city  of  St.  Augustine,  a boy  who  was  the  heir  to  the 
caciquedom  and  they  reasoned  that  if  they  would  not  kill  me, 
they  could  sometime  exchange  him  for  me.4  Others  said 
that  those  who  had  entered  that  hut  were  immune  from 
death;  still  others  said  that  the  daughter  of  the  sun  had 
appeared  to  them  and  had  told  them  that  they  should  not  kill 
me.  This  is  one  of  their  practices  of  witchcraft. 

Finally,  confronted  with  all  these  opinions,  they  decided 
to  let  me  live,  and  so  a cacique  arose  and  said  to  me : “Do  you 

wish  me  to  unbind  you?  Do  you  wish  to  live  or  to  die?  We 
leave  it  in  your  hands.  You  may  have  what  you  wish.  But 
I tell  you  that  if  we  do  not  kill  you,  you  will  have  to  stay  here 
among  us,  serving  us  by  carrying  water  and  wood,  and  by 
digging  at  times,  and  by  attending  to  all  that  we  tell  you.” 

When  the  cacique  said  this  to  me,  I was  half  dead. 
Nevertheless,  I answered:  “Do  what  you  desire  for  my  body 

is  in  your  hands;  but  if  you  do  not  kill  me,  I shall  do  what 
you  tell  me  and  will  be  good,  for  you  see  that  I cannot  stir.” 
This  seemed  good  to  him  and  I said  much  in  a seasonable 
time.  And  so  he  untied  me.  Then  they  commanded  me  to 
sit  down  on  the  ground,  having  placed  me  against  a bench. 
They  gave  me  two  mazorquillas 5 of  cooked  maize  to  eat.  But 
I was  in  such  a condition  that  although  it  was  good  and 
substantial  food,  I could  not  eat  it;  but  in  order  to  satisfy 
them,  I forced  myself  to  eat.  I asked  them  to  give  me  one  of 
those  cane  beds  that  I might  sleep.  This  they  did  and  placed 
an  Indian  with  me  who  was  to  be  in  my  presence  in  case  I 
needed  anything.  But  how  could  I sleep  in  those  knotted 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


91 


canes,  being  naked  and  wounded  and  so  ill-treated?  I only 
say  that  unless  God  had  given  me  strength,  it  would  have  been 
impossible  to  live.  In  this  manner  I was  in  this  hut  for  ten 
days,  while  the  Indians  danced  till  midnight,  without  showing 
any  desire  to  heal  my  wounds.  But  God  who  is  merciful 
permitted  that  within  a short  time,  without  any  curative 
means,  they  were  healed  and  I became  well. 

Fairer  days  succeeded  and  they  allowed  me  to  go  from  one 
house  to  another,  though  always  naked  even  during  the  worst 
cold  of  winter.  I was  the  laughing-stock  because  when  they 
held  a feast,  they  sent  for  me  and  hurled  nicknames  at  me. 
Thus  they  received  pleasure  from  the  feast  and  they  were 
glad  they  had  not  killed  me  so  that  they  could  have  someone 
to  entertain  them.  They  made  me  dig  and  stand  guard  over 
their  huts  in  order  that  the  birds  would  not  eat  the  grain. 
All  had  dominion  over  me ; whoever  wished,  hit  me  with  a 
stick.  Particularly  the  boys  employed  their  scorn  upon  me, 
for  when  they  saw  me,  they  made  fun  of  me  as  they  would 
of  a madman ; they  threw  sticks  or  whatever  they  had,  at  me.6 
I suffered  much  hunger  and  need  because  the  Indians  had 
nothing  to  eat  and  if  they  had  anything,  they  first  attended  to 
their  needs,  rather  than  to  mine.  And  so  often  I found  it 
necessary  to  satisfy  my  hunger  and  need  on  the  leaves  of  wild 
grapes  and  plants  having  a sour  juice,  for  in  this  land  there 
were  no  better  fruits.7 

They  tried  to  use  force  on  me  to  make  me  abandon  my 
law  and  accept  that  of  the  Indians,  and  to  marry  an  Indian 
after  their  manner.  This  I answered  with  contradiction  and 
with  great  spirit  and  feeling,  confounding  the  Indians  in  such 
a way  that  they  marvelled  at  the  spirit  and  liberty  I used  in 
speaking  to  them  and  in  contradicting  them.  After  that  they 
tried  to  make  me  serve  in  cleaning  the  house  of  the  demon, 
for  such  we  call  it.  They,  however,  call  it  a tomb.  There 
they  place  food  and  drink  for  the  dead  which  the  dead  are 
supposed  to  find  at  the  morning  meal.  The  Indians  believe 
that  the  dead  eat  this  food.  However,  they  are  already 
persuaded  that  the  dead  do  not  eat  it,  because  the  wizards  eat 


92 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


it  themselves,  as  they  know  by  experience,  for  we  have  made 
this  known  to  them.  The  same  wizards  themselves  have 
confessed  this  and  we  have  made  good  Christians  of  them. 
To  this  I answered  that  although  they  cut  me  to  a thousand 
pieces,  1 would  not  enter  that  house  but  I would  rather  go  and 
burn  it.  When  they  saw  me  so  strong  in  my  resolve,  they 
left  me. 

When  affairs  reached  this  stage,  the  Indians  wished  to 
take  the  crown  from  me  by  saying:  “You  will  never  see  the 

Spaniards  again,  nor  they,  you ; leave  your  law  and  become  an 
Indian  and  you  will  enjoy  what  we  enjoy;  you  will  have  a 
wife  or  more,  if  you  wish;  furthermore,  in  the  other  life  you 
will  enjoy  what  you  enjoy  here,  for  we  know  that  he  who  has 
been  miserable  and  mean  in  this  life,  will  be  the  same  in  the 
other,  and  as  many  wives  as  one  had  in  this  life,  so  many  will 
he  have  in  the  other.  This  is  our  belief.  Give  up  the  things 
you  teach  us  for  they  are  foolish,  Here  we  are  bringing  this 
Indian  woman,  young  and  beautiful;  marry  her  and  you  will 
have  a happy  life  and  thus  reward  yourself.”  While  they  were 
speaking  and  acting  in  this  manner,  the  Indian  girl  brought  de- 
cayed palm  leaves  from  the  woods,  similar  to  straw,  made  a bed 
for  [me]  and  called  [me]  to  dine.8  As  soon  as  I saw  this,  I per- 
ceived the  persecution  of  the  devil  who  did  not  leave  any  occas- 
ion pass,  in  order  to  tempt  me  and  make  me  disconsolate.  I had 
recourse  to  God  in  prayer  on  this  occasion  and  with  tears  that 
fell  from  my  eyes,  begged  Him  to  give  me  the  grace  to  deliver 
me  from  so  diabolical  a temptation.  God  gave  me  such 
persuasiveness  and  such  spirit  that  by  means  of  them  I 
convinced  the  Indians  and  in  order  to  safeguard  myself  from 
all  this,  I fled  to  the  woods  where  I remained  for  four  days, 
sustaining  myself  on  herbs  and  roots.  Nor  did  I return  to 
that  town,  but  betook  myself  to  another,  and  since  then  they 
never  spoke  to  me  of  such  things. 

One  day  while  I was  going  along  leisurely,  I passed  by  a 
hut  where  some  Indians  were  digging.  Under  the  inspiration 
of  the  devil,  they  took  their  heavy  rods  and  six  Indians 
conjointly  gave  me  so  many  strokes  that  they  left  me  for 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


93 


dead.  This  renewed  my  wounds  and  caused  many  new  ones 
as  well,  but  God  was  pleased  that  they  should  be  healed  in  a 
short  time  without  any  curative  means.  Ten  months  I was 
in  this  state  of  captivity  during  which  the  Lord  delivered  me 
from  great  dangers,  giving  me  such  good  health  and  strength 
that  never  in  my  life  have  I experienced  the  same. 

On  a certain  occasion  when  the  Indians  had  determined 
to  declare  war  against  some  enemies  of  theirs,  they  came  to 
him  and  said:  “See,  here  we  have  ten  arquebuses  without 

powder  and  bullets.  Make  us  some  powder  and  bullets  and  if 
you  do  not  we  shall  have  to  kill  you.”  He  excused  himself, 
saying  that  he  did  not  know  how.  To  this  the  Indians 
answered:  “Do  not  excuse  yourself  for  you  do  know  how; 

your  books  tell  you  how  you  can  make  them.”  Father  Avila 
answered:  “I  have  no  books  because  you  have  taken  them 

from  me.”  They  said:  “We  shall  bring  them  to  you.”  Then 

they  brought  him  a Summa ? and  a prayer  book  for  religious, 
those  by  Fray  Luis  de  Granada,10  and  a breviary,11  all  of 
which  were  a great  consolation  for  him  in  his  solitude.  He 
hid  them  in  the  cavity  of  an  oak  tree  where  he  went  to  read 
them  and  to  console  himself  with  their  contents.  The 
breviary,  however,  he  always  carried  publicly  but  the  boys 
tore  out  the  pages.  In  order  to  answer  them  in  this  matter 
of  the  powder  and  bullets  concerning  which  they  molested 
him  and  pressed  him,  he  asked  for  the  necessary  materials  of 
which  there  were  none  in  that  country.  Thus  they  understood 
that  it  was  not  because  he  was  unwilling,  but  for  lack  of  the 
materials,  that  he  failed  to  make  them.  And  so  they  left  him. 

This  story  of  the  powder  and  bullets,  Father  Avila  did  not 
write  in  his  Relation  but  it  was  given  to  me  by  a religious 
who  dealt  with  Father  Avila  before  and  after  his  captivity  and 
who  spoke  and  conferred  with  him  a great  deal.  He  relates 
this  incident  and  divers  others,  which  I pass  over  in  order  to 
avoid  prolixity.12 

Father  Verascola  who  at  this  time  was  in  the  city  of  St. 
Augustine,  whither  he  had  gone  to  obtain  some  things 
necessary  for  his  cell  and  for  his  Indians,  was  in  charge  of 


94 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


the  mission  of  St.  Dominic  at  Asao.13  He  returned  to  Asao, 
very  glad  to  divide  among  his  Indians  the  things  he  brought 
along.  But  they  had  already  played  false  and  had  apostatized 
from  the  faith,  without  the  religious  knowing  about  it.  They 
waited  for  him  and  when  he  disembarked,  two  Indians  took 
him  in  their  arms,  while  the  others  arrived  and  killed  him  by 
means  of  blows  from  an  ax.  Then  they  buried  him.14 

Soon  the  Indians  took  up  the  subject  of  going  to  war  with 
the  other  Indians  who  were  their  enemies,  and  of  killing  the 
religious  who  were  with  them.  To  them  it  seemed  a good 
opportunity  because  owing  to  the  religious,  they  were  unpre- 
pared for  meeting  warlike  conditions.  Many  Indians  joined; 
they  nominated  and  appointed  captains,  and  apportioned 
other  offices;  prepared  bows  and  arrows  and  got  ready  all 
that  was  necessary  for  war.  More  than  forty13  canoes  con- 
gregated in  order  to  attack  the  principal  town  of  San  Pedro, 
on  the  feast  of  our  Holy  Father  St.  Francis,  in  order  to  catch 
the  enemy  unawares.  They  were  determined  not  to  desist 
until  they  had  killed  all  the  Spaniards,  for  these  Indians  are 
past  masters  when  it  comes  to  arrogance. 

It  happened  that  a brigantine  had  come  to  San  Pedro  to 
bring  two  religious  and  certain  articles.  The  boat  came  with 
peaceful  intent  since  it  had  only  one  soldier  and  the  necessary 
sailors.  There  were  no  arms.  It  so  pleased  God  that  for 
thirty  days  it  could  not  leave  port,  for  lack  of  wind,  either  by 
sea  or  by  the  channel.  Four  times  it  returned  from  the  sea 
and  the  channel,  until  the  day  of  our  Holy  Father  St. 
Francis.16  The  enemy  Indians  came  at  dawn  upon  the  town 
with  more  than  forty  canoes,  containing  many  pagan  Indians 
and  rebel  Christians.  They  landed  many  of  their  men  at  the 
head  of  the  island  so  that  they  could  kill  the  Indians  in  their 
houses.  As  soon  as  they  saw  the  brigantine  in  the  port,  the 
Indians  were  dismayed  and  their  arrogance  was  subdued. 
They  thought  there  were  soldiers  with  firearms  in  it.  More- 
over the  chieftain  of  San  Pedro  was  warlike  so  he  went  out 
in  canoes  with  Indian  bowmen  and  guns  after  the  invaders 
who  took  to  flight.  They  apprehended  some  of  those  who  had 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


95 


landed.  Others  who  were  not  able  to  flee  to  safety,  took  to 
land  on  the  other  side  of  the  river,  deserting  their  canoes.17 
When  they  saw  that  they  were  in  their  enemies'  territory,  and 
that  they  could  not  reach  their  own,  they  hung  themselves 
with  the  cords  of  their  bows  from  the  oak  and  laurel  trees. 
Thus  we  see  the  pride  of  all  those  who  laid  hands  on  the 
religious.  They  were  accomplices  and  abettors  in  their  death, 
and  they  all  came  to  an  evil  end.18 

The  governor,  Domingo  de  Avendano,  died  on  the  24th  of 
November,  in  the  year  1595.19  It  was  at  his  petition  that  His 
Majesty  sent  the  said  religious  who  had  arrived  three  months 
before  his  death.  Gonzalo  Mendez  de  Canzo  succeeded  him  in 
the  government,  by  a royal  cedula20  and  it  was  he  who 
governed  the  presidio  when  the  Indians  of  Guale  killed  the 
religious.  As  soon  as  he  learned  of  it  he  tried  to  inflict  a 
general  reprisal  on  the  province  of  Guale.  One  hundred 
Spanish  soldiers  and  two  hundred  friendly  Indians  went  out 
[for  this  purpose].  And  when  they  entered  the  towns,  they 
found  the  houses  of  the  fathers  burned,  and  many  others 
destroyed  and  tenantless.  Nor  were  there  any  Indians  present 
who  might  impede  their  progress.  They  overran  these  towns. 
From  an  Indian  whom  they  apprehended  they  learned  that  the 
whole  population  was  where  Father  Avila,  “the  resurrected 
one"  as  the  Indians  called  him,  was  in  captivity.  Through 
his  good  efforts  the  governor  rescued  him  and  freed  him  from 
that  miserable  slavery  in  which  the  barbarous  Indians  held 
him.21 

Since  all  the  Indians  were  hidden  in  the  woods,  the 
governor  could  neither  punish  them  nor  get  in  touch  with 
them.  They  burned  the  maize  fields  and  foodstuffs  of  the 
Indians;  the  Indians  themselves  already  burned  their  houses 
when  they  left.  On  this  account  and  due  to  what  followed, 
during  the  subsequent  years  they  had  no  maize  harvest. 
Moreover  since  they  were  removed  from  the  sea,  they  could 
neither  fish  nor  gather  shellfish,  with  the  result  that  they 
suffered  great  hunger.  Though  the  Indians  sowed,  it  was 
little,  while  the  Spaniards  destroyed  it  every  year,  by  which 


96 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


they  understood  that  it  was  a punishment  of  God  for  having 
killed  the  fathers. 

The  Indians  treated  with  the  governor  about  giving 
themselves  up  to  the  service  of  His  Majesty.22  He  answered 
that  he  could  not  receive  them  unless  they  first  handed  over 
to  him  the  heir  to  the  inheritance  of  Tolomato,  since  he  was 
the  chief  one  of  those  who  conspired  for  the  death  of  the 
religious.  Because  he  was  a cacique  they  took  it  ill  to  comply 
with  this  demand;  nevertheless,  they  turned  against  him. 
But  he  strengthened  his  position  with  many  Indians  who 
rallied  around  him.  They  went  out  with  determination 
against  him  and  his  followers  and  killed  them  all  sparing 
neither  brothers,  cousins,  relatives,  friends  or  neighbors  or 
those  united  by  any  other  bond.23  In  this  way,  the  land 
became  quiet  and  at  the  end  of  six  years,  after  the  religious’ 
deaths  they  were  brought  into  subjection  under  Hofv  Mother 
the  Church  and  the  service  of  God. 

NOTES 

VIII 

^ulafina  was  on  the  mainland. 

2Indians  are  past  masters  in  the  art  of  ridicule.  Among 
many  tribes,  ridicule  is  the  worst  punishment  that  can  be 
given  to  a fellow  tribesman.  This  weapon  is  applied  with 
great  effect  on  those  who  have  broken  a law  or  tribal  custom. 

3The  woolen  cincture  worn  about  the  waist. 

Previously  Father  Ore  mentioned  that  one  of  the  women 
whose  son  was  a hostage  at  St.  Augustine,  was  instrumental 
in  obtaining  Father  Avila’s  release  from  death. 

5 A mazorca  is  a spindleful  of  anything ; it  likewise  means 
an  ear  of  corn.  Mazorquilla,  a diminutive  form,  means  a 
small  spindleful,  and  in  this  case,  of  corn. 

6At  the  trial  held  at  St.  Augustine  the  Indians  testified 
that  Father  Avila  was  the  butt  of  ridicule  at  the  hands  of  the 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


97 


Indian  boys.  Information  sobre  el  martirio  de  los  misioneros 
franciscanos  de  la  Florida.  Lopez,  Relation  historica , II,  13-23. 

7This  information  was  likewise  supplied  by  the  Indians  at 
the  trial. 

8The  Indian  maiden  anticipating  her  domestic  duties  as  a 
wife,  prepared  a bed  and  a meal. 

9A  Summa  is  a name  generally  given  to  a scientific  com- 
pendium of  theology  or  philosophy.  It  is  employed  also  for 
a book  containing  a compendium  of  prayers. 

10Fray  Luis  de  Granada  (1504-1588)  was  a Spanish 
Dominican.  His  real  name  was  Luis  de  Sarria  but  he  is  best 
known  today  as  Fray  Luis  de  Granada,  the  place  of  his  birth. 
Among  the  best  known  of  his  non-mystical  works  was  the 
Guia  de  Pecadores , one  of  the  chief  devotional  books  of  Spain. 
It  had  wide  circulation  also  in  France  and  England.  E. 
Allison  Peers,  Spanish  Mysticism  (London,  1934),  pp.  90-91. 

lirrhe  breviary  or  breviarium  contains  the  Divine  Office 
which  every  priest  is  bound  to  recite  daily. 

12Here  Father  Ore’s  trustworthiness  is  again  evident. 
Such  distinctions  as  to  the  source  of  his  material  for  this 
history  make  him  all  the  more  trustworthy.  The  story  itself 
does  not  appear  to  be  fantastic. 

13Asao  is  an  island,  St.  Simon  Island  of  today,  lying 
between  Jekyl  and  Sapelo  Islands.  Bolton,  Arredondo’s 
Historical  Proof , p.  15. 

14This  murder  occurred  after  September  17.  According 
to  Lanning  it  occurred  after  the  martyrdom  of  Father  Aunon 
and  Brother  Badajoz,  but  before  the  attack  on  Father  Avila. 
Lanning,  The  Spanish  Missions  of  Georgia , pp.  89-90. 

15According  to  a trustworthy  document  only  twenty-three 
canoes  were  seen  at  San  Pedro.  1598 — Testimonio,  etc.  (A. 
G.  I.  54-5-9;  No.  23). 

16Father  Chozas  also  testifies  that  the  attack  on  San  Pedro 
was  made  in  the  morning  of  the  feast  of  St.  Francis.  1598 — 
L_Testimonio,  etc.,  (A.  G.  I.  54-5-9;  No.  23). 

17Evidently  Father  Ore  again  wished  to  avoid  prolixity  but 
in  so  doing  he  left  out  quite  a number  of  interesting  details. 


98 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


Only  occupants  of  two  canoes  made  a landing  at  San  Pedro. 
These  Indians  surrounded  the  house  of  a Christian,  named 
Antonio  Lopez.  Aroused  by  the  barking  of  a dog,  a certain 
Jusepe,  the  son-in-law  of  Antonio  Lopez,  came  out  of  the 
house  to  quiet  the  animal.  At  that  moment  he  received  five 
arrow  wounds.  However,  he  was  able  to  run  back  to  the 
house  and  arouse  his  father-in-law.  Antonio  Lopez  sought 
the  cacique  of  the  island,  Don  Juan.  He  soon  found  him  and 
gave  the  alarm  for  battle.  Don  Juan  and  his  followers  pursued 
the  attacking  Indians  across  the  river  to  the  mainland  and 
succeeded  in  catching  only  a few.  Among  the  effects  the 
intruders  left  behind  were  the  habit  and  capuche  of  Father 
Verascola.  When  the  alarm  for  battle  was  sounded  Father 
Pare j a was  standing  in  front  of  the  church  at  San  Pedro. 
Pie  ran  to  the  assistance  of  the  wounded  Jusepe  and  heard  his 
confession.  A messenger  was  sent  to  Puturiba  on  the 
northern  part  of  the  island  where  Father  Chozas  was  stationed. 

Meanwhile  some  of  the  retreating  Indians  arrived  by 
canoe  at  Puturiba.  They  did  not  attack  the  place.  Father 
Chozas  was  apprised  of  their  presence  by  some  of  the  faithful 
Indians  of  the  town.  The  cacique  of  Asao  who  was  among 
the  retreating  Indians  lifted  up  the  hat  of  the  dead  Father 
Verascola  declaring  that  five  of  the  friars  had  been  killed. 
“Since  I had  no  other  arms,”  declared  Father  Chozas,  “I  clothed 
myself  with  those  of  the  Church  and  commenced  to  celebrate 
the  Mass  of  my  glorious  and  seraphic  Father  St.  Francis  for 
it  was  his  feast-day.”  That  evening  Father  Chozas  dispatched 
a letter  to  Governor  Canzo  at  St.  Augustine,  by  means  of  the 
brigantine,  telling  him  of  the  grim  events  that  had  taken 
place  in  Guale.  1598 — Testimonio,  etc.,  (A.  G.  I.  54-5-9; 
No.  28). 

18The  Testimonio  of  1598  does  not  mention  anything 
about  the  Indians  committing  suicide.  Indeed  among  Indians 
suicide  is  almost  unknown. 

19This  date  corresponds  with  the  official  report  of  his 
death  as  contained  in  the:  testimonyo  de  como  murio  el 

gouernador  Domyngo  mytnez  de  Avendano.  [St.  Augustine, 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


99 


November  25,  1595]  (A.  G.  I.  54-5-16;  No.  67)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot. 

20Gonzalo  Mendez  de  Canzo  was  appointed  governor  of 
Florida  by  Philip  II,  on  May  25,  1596.  testinyo  pa  hager  buena 
la  placa  al  pe  Ricardo  Cura  y capellan  y Vicario  destas  prouyas. 
1600.  [August  7]  (A.  G.  I.  54-5-16,  No.  81)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot. 

21Father  Avila  was  rescued  through  Captain  Francisco 
Fernandez  de  Ecija  who  having  entered  into  relations  with 
the  natives,  threatened  to  follow  them  as  far  as  Tama  with 
heavy  penalties  unless  they  gave  the  friar  over  to  him. 
Informacion  sobre  el  martirio  de  los  misioneros  franciscanos 
de  la  Florida,  Lopez,  Relation  historica , II,  15. 

22The  first  of  the  Indian  chiefs  to  submit  to  the  Spaniards 
was  Espogache.  To  test  the  sincerity  of  these  caciques 
Governor  Canzo  sent  some  soldiers  into  Guale  to  see  if  they 
would  be  hospitably  received.  After  that  some  of  the  caciques 
came  into  St.  Augustine  to  render  obedience,  testimonyo  de 
la  obediengia  de  los  cagiques  de  guale  en  q piden  mysericordia 
del  delito  q an  cometido  de  matar  los  Religiosos.  18  Mayo  de 
[1]  600.  [St.  Augustine]  (A.  G.  I.  54-5-9;  No.  32)  F.  S.  H.  S. 
phot. 

23The  repentant  chiefs  of  Guale  made  war  on  Don  Fran- 
cisco, the  ruler  of  Tolomato,  together  with  Don  Juanillo,  his 
heir.  Both  were  killed  in  battle  after  which  the  land  became 
quiet  and  missionary  work  was  begun  anew,  aueriguacion 
sobre  la  muerte  de  don  Junyllo  yndio  de  guale  y demas  yndios 
sus  bassallos.  [St.  Augustine,  Nov.  27,  1601]  (A.  G.  I.  54-5-9 ; 
No.  41)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot. 


IX 


How  the  Indians  of  the  province  of  Guale  were 

BROUGHT  INTO  SUBJECTION.  CONCERNING  THE  GREAT  SUCCESS 
OF  THE  RELIGIOUS  IN  THE  CONVERSION  OF  THE  INDIANS  OF 

Florida. 

Pedro  de  Ybarra  succeeded  Gonzalo  Mendez  de  Canzo  as 
governor.1  During  bis  period  of  office,  namely  in  1604,  His 
Majesty  King  Philip  III,  our  master,  sent  a number  of 
religious  of  the  Province  of  Los  Angeles2  to  continue  the  work 
of  conversion  that  was  progressing  in  Florida.  These  came 
under  Fray  Bartolome  Romero.  Two  of  this  group  were  sent 
to  the  province  of  Guale  where  they  have  remained  to  this 
day.  They  have  made  great  headway  in  learning  the  language 
which  they  know  perfectly.  Moreover  they  have  made  great 
strides  in  reconciling  the  Indians  and  in  bringing  them  to  our 
Holy  Catholic  Faith.  These  two  religious  were  Fray  Juan  de 
Guadalupe  and  Fray  E steven  de  San  Andres.3  They  came  as 
companions  of  Fray  Pedro  Ruiz  who  was  a companion  who 
came  with  the  martyrs. 

These  religious  encountered  great  difficulty  in  reducing 
those  Indians,  because  all  had  exchanged  their  women  with 
those  of  others,  and  had  two  or  more  children  by  them  during 
the  time  of  their  apostasy.  They  lived  with  them  according 
to  their  desires  more  than  with  their  lawful  wives.  Things 
were  so  bad  that  the  friars  could  not  get  the  Indians  to  an 
agreement.  Some  of  the  Christian  women  had  gone  to  the 
pagans  in  the  interior  and  had  given  birth  as  a result  of  these 
unions  to  two  or  three  children.  Their  husbands  had  entered 
into  relations  with  women  here  by  whom  they  also  had 
children.  Because  they  were  Christians  and  had  been  married 
by  the  Church,  it  was  imperative  that  they  give  up  the  women 
and  live  as  Christians.  And  in  this  manner  there  was  more 

100 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


101 


difficulty  than  if  they  had  to  be  converted  for  the  first  time. 
The  fathers  told  the  Indians:  “Leave  this  woman  who  is  not 

yours.”  To  this  the  Indian  would  reply:  “Bring  me  mine 

who  is  among  the  pagans  and  make  her  love  me  and  I shall 
leave  this  one.”  But  the  religious  answered  thus:  “Until 

we  bring  her,  leave  this  one.”  Again  the  Indian  answered: 
“If  I leave  her,  I will  not  have  anyone  to  give  me  to  eat  and 
if  I do  not  enter  the  house  where  my  children  are,  and  if  I do 
not  bring  them  food  and  wood,  they  will  perish.”  The 
religious  were  not  able  to  solve  the  situation  by  any  remedy 
for  it  was  grave  and  onerous,  so  they  were  discouraged.  They 
turned  to  God  in  prayer  and  besought  Him  to  remedy  the 
affair.  He  favored  them  so  that  gradually  He  brought  them 
back  and  on  His  part  evened  out  the  difficulty,  taking  some  of 
them  out  of  this  world  to  the  other.  Thus  the  partners 
became  free  of  their  former  alliance  and  were  able  to  contract 
anew. 

We  have  an  example  of  this  in  reference  to  the  principal 
cacique  of  the  province  of  Guale.  During  the  time  of  his 
apostacy  he  took  to  his  house  as  a concubine  and  mistress  one 
of  his  sisters-in-law,  the  sister  of  his  own  wife,  with  whom  he 
lived  all  that  time.  By  her  he  had  three  children,  and  by 
his  own  wife  four  children.  Knowing  that  he  would  be  com- 
manded to  leave  his  sister-in-law  he  spoke  first  and  said  to  the 
fathers : “I  see  the  evil  I have  done  in  committing  this  incest 

with  the  sister  of  my  wife.  I have  three  children  by  her,  but 
if  I eject  them  from  my  house,  they  will  have  to  suffer  and 
perish.  Although  she  be  in  my  house,  I do  not  have  to  have 
relations  with  her;  if  the  Indians  murmur  at  this,  recall  what 
I said.”  The  fathers  said  nothing  in  order  not  to  break 
immediately  with  the  cacique  for  it  seemed  proper  to  them  to 
act  in  this  manner  until  a more  opportune  season  presented 
itself,  lest  everything  be  lost.  Afterwards  they  treated  with 
this  cacique  in  resolving  his  difficulty.  They  told  him  to  eject 
his  sister-in-law  from  his  house  and  send  her  to  her  father’s 
house  because  her  presence  in  his  house  was  scandalizing  the 
Indians  and  was  setting  them  a bad  example.  The  fathers 


102 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


said  the  reformation  of  morals  should  start  with  him.  All 
they  accomplished  with  him  was  that  he  put  her  in  a separate 
house,  which  was  an  ancient  custom  of  the  chiefs  who  placed 
in  a separate  house  each  one  of  the  women  or  lovers  they  had. 
Even  then  the  Indians  complained:  “Until  now  the  cacique 

had  in  one  house  two  women  and  children ; now  he  has  two 
houses  and  in  each  house  he  has  a woman  as  if  he  were  a 
pagan.”  The  Indians  urged  him  to  marry  her.  Neither 
did  he  nor  she  wish,  nor  did  anyone  dare  to  marry  her,  for  it 
wras  a custom  that  no  one  should  marry  or  speak  to  the  wives 
or  the  lovers  of  the  caciques.  God  was  pleased  to  call  to  Him- 
self the  wife  of  the  cacique , while  the  sister-in-law  gathered 
the  children  of  her  sister  together  with  hers  in  her  house. 
The  religious  forbade  him  to  enter  the  house  of  his  sister-in- 
law,  his  mistress. 

He  answered  with  tears  that  he  had  no  relatives  and 
that  he  would  die  of  hunger  if  that  woman  would  not  give  him 
to  eat  and  if  they  forbade  him  to  go  and  see  his  children  in 
order  to  bring  them  food  and  wood.  The  religious  answered : 
“Take  them  to  our  house  and  there  we  shall  take  care  of 
them  in  exchange  for  your  turning  from  sin.”  Fray  Pedro 
Ruiz  said  to  him  with  feeling,  among  other  admonitions: 
“You  have  not  desired  to  leave  olf  sin,  nor  to  take  the  advice 
we  have  given  you.  It  would  be  better  if  you  had  never  been 
a Christian,  because  in  hell,  being  a pagan,  you  would  not 
have  to  endure  so  many  pains  and  torments,  as  you  will  have 
to,  being  a bad  Christian.  But  I tell  you  in  the  name  of  God 
that  if  you  do  not  amend,  I will  have  to  bury  you  or  this 
woman  within  thirty  days.”  This  was  a portent  full  of 
wonder  to  all  the  Indians  and  a means  by  which  many  were 
converted  for  within  twenty  days  the  sister-in-law  died  and 
on  the  day  of  burial  at  the  door  of  the  church,  the  Indian 
said  with  tears:  “Because  I did  not  take  the  advice  of  the 

father,  this,  my  sister-in-law  died,  as  the  father  foretold.  I 
am  very  sorry  for  this.  Take  warning  from  my  case  and 
leave  the  women  you  have  stolen  and  who  are  not  yours,  and 
receive  those  whom  God  has  given  you  through  the  Church, 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


103 


for  it  is  proper  to  do  this.  In  the  execution  of  this,  I must 
help  the  father  as  much  as  I can  so  that  by  means  of  this 
good  work,  God  may  forgive  me  my  sins.”  With  this  case 
before  them  nearly  all  the  Indians  submitted. 

Another  married  Indian  did  not  wish  to  live  with  his 
wife  because  he  had  illicit  relations  with  a widow  by  whom  he 
had  a son,  and  owing  to  the  love  he  had  for  the  child,  there 
was  no  way  of  separating  them.  The  father  threatened  him 
saying:  “Perhaps  God  will  permit  that  this  son  whom  you 

love  so  much  will  be  taken  away  from  you  within  a few  days 
for  this  is  the  cause  of  your  remaining  in  sin.”  As  he  pre- 
dicted so  it  happened.  Then  they  separated,  confessing  as  did 
the  cacique  before  the  door  of  the  church,  so  that  the  Indians 
were  affrighted.  So  they  continued  to  amend  their  lives  and 
depart  from  such  immoral  vices,  so  common  in  all  parts,  both 
among  Indians  and  Spaniards.4 

One  of  the  religious  who  has  been  most  useful  in  the 
conversion  of  the  Indians  has  been  Fray  Francisco  Pare j a 
who  has  dedicated  himself  to  the  ministry  of  teaching  the 
Indians.  And  in  order  that  he  might  be  useful  not  only  to 
those  of  his  own  mission  and  district,  but  to  all  in  that  province 
and  language  of  Timucua  in  which  he  is  skilled  for  he  has 
worked  among  them  for  more  than  twenty  years,  he  has 
written  and  published  several  books  called  La  Doctrina 
Christiana  and  Catecismo  and  Confessionario 5 and  other  devo- 
tional tracts.  These  are  always  in  the  hands  of  the  Indians. 
With  ease  many  Indian  men  and  women  have  learned  to  read 
in  less  than  two  months,  and  they  write  letters  to  one  another 
in  their  own  language.  In  this  first  chapter,  because  of  his 
excellent  virtue,  he  was  elected  provincial.6  Pie  narrates 
many  things  and  occurrences,  which  he  has  experienced  among 
the  Indians,  in  his  Relacion  which  he  wrote  in  his  own  hand 
and  which  was  signed  with  his  name.  The  principal  things 
and  those  most  noteworthy  to  be  inserted  here,  are  the 
following : 

Certain  questions  are  put  in  writing  to  all  the  religious. 
The  questions  put  to  them  were:  Is  there  any  progress 


104 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


among  the  Indians?  Do  they  live  as  Christians?  Do  they 
confess  as  such?  Are  there  any  reasons  why  Communion  is 
forbidden  them  ? He  answers  in  the  following  words : 

Fray  Luis  Jeronimo  de  Ore,  Commissary  of  this  prov- 
ince,7 the  other  fathers  of  this  province  being  gathered, 
commanded  us  under  holy  obedience  and  ordered  us  at  the 
same  time  to  place  our  hand  on  our  breast  and  to  swear 
in  verbo  sacerdotis8  to  tell  what  we  know  concerning  certain 
questions  which  his  paternity  asked,  signed  with  his  name. 
In  fulfillment  of  this,  I,  Francisco  Pare j a,  definitor  of  this 
province,  said  the  following: 

To  the  third  question,  namely,  whether  any  improvement 
is  apparent  among  the  converted  Indians  and  whether  they 
show  themselves  to  be  true  Christians:  I answer  that  it  is 

for  more  than  fourteen  years  that  the  more  advanced  are 
going  forward  in  the  things  of  the  faith ; that  Holy  Commun- 
ion has  been  given  them,  which  they  receive  with  great 
devotion.  When  I was  the  custodio ,9  I examined  some  of 
these  together  with  some  in  the  interior.  I had  been  asked 
by  the  fathers  to  do  so  in  order  to  ascertain  if  Communion 
could  be  given  to  them.  Among  them  there  are  Indian  men 
who  have  sufficient  knowledge  to  give  instructions  while  there 
are  Indian  women  who  catechize  other  Indian  women,  prepar- 
ing them  for  the  reception  of  Christianity.  They  assist  at 
Masses  of  obligation  on  Sundays  and  feast-days  in  which  they 
take  part  and  sing;  in  some  districts  they  have  their  confra- 
ternities and  the  procession  of  Holy  Thursday,  and  from  the 
mission  stations  they  come  to  the  principal  mission  to  hear 
the  Salve10  which  is  sung  on  Saturdays.  They  stay  there  to 
sleep  over  Saturday  night  in  order  to  hear  Mass  on  Sundays. 

In  all  the  towns,  they  have  their  churches,  and  they 
emulate  one  another  in  building  better  ones.  They  take  holy 
water  and  recite  their  prayers  in  the  morning  and  evening. 
They  come  together  in  the  community  house  to  teach  one 
another  singing  and  reading.  Whenever  a religious  goes  out 
of  his  convent  to  a rather  distant  place,  as  for  example  to  the 
presidio  on  some  necessary  business,  or  if  he  goes  there  to  be 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


105 


cured  of  some  indisposition  from  which  he  is  suffering,  many 
Indian  men  and  women  ask  him  to  hear  their  confessions, 
saying:  “perhaps  I shall  die  before  your  reverence  returns.” 

When  someone  is  ill,  they  immediately  send  one  of  the 
runners  of  the  town  [for  the  priest]  in  order  that  he  might 
hear  the  person’s  confession  and  administer  extreme  unction. 
Although  some  die  in  the  mission  stations,  in  their  testament 
which  they  make  orally,  they  order  that  for  burial  they  be 
carried  to  where  the  fathers  say  Mass  every  day.  This  is  the 
principal  place  over  three  or  four  towns  which  every  religious 
has  as  sub-stations.  Others,  when  they  are  ill,  have  them- 
selves brought  in  canoes  to  where  the  priest  is  in  order  to 
confess,  and  after  they  have  done  this  they  return  to  their 
houses  or  huts.  They  show  reverence  for  the  dead,  for  not 
only  on  the  General  Commemoration  of  the  Dead11  do  they 
bring  them  an  offering,  such  as  pumpkins  or  beans  or  a basket 
of  maize  or  a hamper  of  toasted  flour,  but  also  during  the 
year  they  have  Mass  said  for  them  with  some  offering  of  the 
afore-mentioned  articles  which  they  offer  as  an  alms.  On 
Monday,  at  the  procession  for  the  Departed  Souls,  they  come 
to  be  present  at  it  and  to  hear  Mass.  These  are  the  signs  I 
have  seen  together  with  others  which  I omit,  in  order  not  to 
be  too  long.  I shall  add  that  they  have  left  all  their  rites  and 
ceremonies  and  abuses  to  which  they  were  prone. 

Do  they  confess  as  Christians  ? I answer  yes,  if  they  are 
sufficiently  instructed.  As  a person  who  has  visited  this 
custody,  I have  looked  carefully  into  this  matter,  to  see  that 
they  had  that  sufficiency  to  receive  Holy  Communion,  and  I 
have  found  no  reason  why  they  should  be  denied  this 
Sacrament.  Many  persons  are  found,  men  and  women,  who 
confess  and  who  receive  [Holy  Communion]  with  tears,  and 
who  show  up  advantageously  with  many  Spaniards.  And  I 
shall  make  bold  to  say  and  sustain  my  contention  by  what  1 
have  learned  by  experience  that  with  regard  to  the  mysteries 
of  faith,  many  of  them  answer  better  than  the  Spaniards 
because  the  latter  are  careless  in  these  matters.  The  religious 
never  cease  to  instruct  them  and  repeat  to  them  the  word  of 


106 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


God  daily.  What  pertains  to  faith  and  belief,  God  is  the  One 
who  can  judge.  We  can  judge  only  by  a person’s  exterior 
manifestations,  who  by  the  actions  he  performs  presumably 
shows  forth  the  workings  of  faith.12 

As  to  the  question  whether  there  are  any  reasons  why 
they  should  be  denied  Holy  Communion,  [I  reply]  that  for 
many  of  them  I find  no  reason  (except  the  scruple  of  some  of 
the  religious)  for  among  them  I have  never  found  a trace  of 
idolatry  or  witchcraft  or  superstition.  For  instance  they 
never  say:  “By  means  of  this  you  will  be  healed;  if  you  do 

not  cure  yourself  with  this  herb,  you  will  die;”  or,  “if  the 
owl  hoots,  it  is  a sign  that  some  disgrace  must  overtake  me;” 
or,  “do  not  cook  the  fish  in  warm  water  if  it  was  the  first  that 
entered  the  fishing  grounds  where  no  other  fish  enter;”  or 
“do  not  eat  maize  of  the  cultivated  land  where  lightning 
struck  for  you  will  be  sick  with  such  a sickness.” 

When  a woman  gives  birth,  she  does  so  apart,  but  she  no 
longer  places  a laurel  at  the  door  of  her  house  saying  that 
the  devil  should  not  strike  her,  as  she  used  to  do.  All  these 
things  and  others  has  the  word  of  the  Gospel  extirpated  so 
much  so  that  the  Indians  do  not  even  remember  them. 
Furthermore,  the  younger  generation  which  has  been 
nourished  on  the  milk  of  the  Gospel  makes  fun  of  and  laughs 
at  some  old  men  and  women  who  carelessly  have  recourse  to 
these  abuses.  There  is  no  need  of  treating  of  drunkenness, 
for  their  drink  does  not  cause  it;  even  many  of  the  religious 
are  not  without  it.  It  is  made  of  some  leaves  of  the  oak  tree. 
This  is  toasted  dry  in  a pot  or  jar  placed  in  water.  Immediately 
they  pour  water  upon  it  to  a point  where  it  is  neither  hot 
nor  cold.  Nor  do  they  mix  any  other  thing  with  it.  It  is 
good  for  preventing  stones  and  small  accretions  in  the  kidneys, 
as  well  as  a preventative  against  pain  in  the  side.  For  this 
reason  it  has  been  taken  to  Spain  and  to  New  Spain.13 

[Another  question  was:]  Have  churches  and  fonts  for 
baptismal  and  holy  water  been  erected  ? I say  they  esteem  it 
to  have  a better  church  or  temple  than  in  other  places.  It 
has  happened  that  pagans  have  come  (as  they  do  every  day 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


107 


from  their  towns  to  those  of  the  Christians)  and  receive  the 
blessing  of  the  religious.  The  latter  ask  the  Indians : “What 

are  you  looking  for  here?”  To  which  they  answer:  “We 

came  to  see  the  church  and  your  house  and  that  of  our 
relatives  because  they  consider  themselves  related,  provided 
they  have  the  same  names  or  lineage  even  if  there  is  a differ- 
ence of  a hundred  degrees.  After  a lapse  of  time  they  come  and 
say:  “Father,  we  have  a house  for  you  and  a church;  come 

and  instruct  us  for  the  Christians  have  already  told  us  if  is 
of  prime  importance  for  us  to  go  and  see  the  Utinama »14  who 
is  in  heaven  above;  besides  the  caciques  there,  who  are  most 
orobisi,15  which  means  learned,  tell  us  that  they  have  become 
Christians.  We  also  desire  to  become  such  and  to  be  guided 
by  that  which  they  do  and  say,  instructed  by  you.” 

With  regard  to  the  question  of  furnishings:  I say  that 

despite  their  poverty,  they  are  accustomed  to  bring  some  deer 
skins,  in  order  to  buy  wax,  for  the  burial  of  the  dead;16  in 
other  parts,  by  means  of  some  arrobas17  of  maize,  and  machos, 
for  so  they  call  the  pigs,  they  have  gathered  enough  to 
purchase  some  small  bells. 

For  the  rest,  the  religious  are  accustomed  to  do  without 
some  of  their  food  and  drink  and  clothing  which  Your  Majesty 
provides  for  the  friars,  in  order  to  adorn  the  altars.  I testify 
that  Fray  Pedro  Ruiz  and  I have  made  chalices  of  lead,  which 
we  have  used  at  Mass  many  times ; that  for  weeks,  it  was 
necessary  for  one  to  have  the  vestment  and  [the  other] 
remain  without  saying  Mass  until  we  provided  ourselves  with 
the  necessaries  of  the  sacred  ministry  by  the  sacrifice  of  our 
meals.18  The  lead  out  of  which  the  chalices  were  made,  and 
the  stones  for  the  altars,19  we  obtained  by  contributing  to  the 
common  cause  from  the  meagre  ration  that  was  given  us  or 
from  the  alms  which  Your  Majesty  commands  to  be  given  us. 
Often  it  appears  that  they  [the  government  officials]  throw 
it  to  the  dogs,  since  it  seems  to  them  that  the  soldiers  are  the 
necessary  ones  [here]  and  that  we  are  of  no  use;  but  we  are 
the  ones  who  bear  the  burden  and  heats,  and  we  are  the  ones 
who  are  subduing  and  conquering  the  land.  It  has  been 


108 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


proposed  at  times  that  Your  Majesty,  Our  King  and  Lord,  give 
an  arroba  and  a half  of  wine  for  Mass,  and  also  be  pleased  to 
give  two  arrobas  of  wax  for  the  same  purpose,  for  the  period 
of  a whole  year,  because  of  the  great  penury  that  is 
experienced  here.  But  since  we  have  not  the  means  to  buy  it, 
there  has  been  no  one  to  ask  for  it.20 

This  good  religious  relates  other  things  in  greater  extent 
and  his  account  is  very  true.  The  other  religious  agree  with 
the  account  of  Father  Pare j a.  He  is  the  oldest  of  them,  a 
man  of  great  virtue  and  has  approved  of  the  accounts  given 
by  the  other  religious  so  that  I have  contented  myself  with 
giving  his  alone  in  order  to  avoid  prolixity.21 

NOTES 

IX 

^edro  de  Ybarra  was  appointed  governor  of  Florida  in 
September,  1602.  Camara  de  Yndias  19  de  noviembre  1602 
Proponense  psonas  Para  los  Cargos  de  goueror  y Capitan 
general  de  las  Prouincias  de  la  florida.  [Valladolid]  (A.  G.  I. 
147-5-15)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot.  Governor  Canzo  before  the  termi- 
nation of  his  office  made  an  official  visit  through  Guale  and 
was  well  received.  In  1604  Pedro  de  Ybarra  made  another 
visitation.  Excellent  accounts  of  both  visitations  may  be 
read  in  Lanning,  The  Spanish  Missions  of  Georgia , pp.  126-145. 

2The  Province  of  Los  Angeles  which  developed  from  the 
Province  of  Santiago,  was  located  in  the  region  of  Sierra 
Morena  in  south  central  Spain. 

3Other  friars  of  this  group  were:  Fray  Juan  Bautista 

Capilla  stationed  at  San  Pedro,  Fray  Martin  Prieto  and  Fray 
Alonso  Romero  stationed  at  Nombre  de  Dios,  Father  Del- 
gado was  placed  at  Talaxe  and  Tupiqui.  Two  lay  brothers  whose 
names  are  not  mentioned  labored  at  San  Maria  and  Moloa  in 
Timucua.  These  friars  were  twice  shipwrecked  on  the  coast 
of  Florida  before  arriving  at  St.  Augustine,  once  at  Cape 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


109 


Canaveral,  and  again  at  the  bar  of  Mosquito.  From  the  latter 
place  they  journeyed  by  land  to  the  presidio  city.  Mary  Ross, 
“The  Restoration  of  the  Spanish  Missions  in  Georgia,  1598- 
1616”  The  Georgia  Historical  Quarterly , X (1926),  185-186 
and  Tanto  de  las  diligengias  que  hicier  [on]  Para  atraer  a la 
ouediencia  de  su  magd  las  Prouys  de  Sorruque  y Aiz  de  la 
banda  del  Sur  destas  Prouingias.-ano  de  1605.  (A.  G.  I.  54-5- 

9;  No.  61)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot. 

4Here  is  a close-up  picture  of  the  difficulties  encountered 
by  the  friars  in  the  laborious  work  of  uprooting  the  pagan 
practice  of  polygamy.  Incidentally,  it  shows  the  tact  required 
on  the  part  of  the  missionaries  inasmuch  as  they  had  to  abide 
their  time  in  the  matter  of  the  Indians’  final  conversion.  The 
recitation  of  these  events  also  throws  abundant  light  on  the 
background  of  the  Guale  revolt. 

5 Among  all  the  missionaries  Father  Pareja  became  the 
Timucuan  scholar  par  excellence ; for,  it  was  he  who  reduced 
the  language  to  writing  and  left  for  posterity  a detailed 
knowledge  of  that  language.  His  complete  works,  as  given 
by  Pou  y Marti,  0.  F.  M.,  in  Archivo  Ibero-  Americano , 
XXVIII  (1927),  64,  are  the  following: 

Catechismo  en  Lengua  Castellana  y Timuquana,  (Mex- 
ico, 1612). 

Cathecismo  y Breve  Exposicion  de  la  Doctrina  Christiana 

(Mexico,  1612). 

Confessionario  en  Lengua  Castellana  y Timuquana , 
(Mexico,  1618). 

Cathecismo  y Examen  para  los  que  comulgan  en  Lengua 
Castellana  y Timuquana , (Mexico,  1627). 

Arte  y Pronunciacion  en  Lengua  Timuquana  y Castellana, 
(Mexico,  1614). 

Besides  these  Father  Pareja  wrote  works  in  Spanish  and 
Timucuan  concerning  the  Pains  of  Hell,  the  Joys  of  Pleaven, 
Purgatory,  the  Rosary  of  the  Blessed  Virgin  and  other  works 
of  devotion.  Lopez,  Relacion  historica,  II,  46. 

6The  Chapter  of  December,  1616,  held  at  San  Buenaven- 
tura de  Guadalquini.  The  first  provincial  of  the  province  of 


110 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


Santa  Elena  appointed  in  1612  was  Fray  Juan  Bautista  de 
Capilfa.  Barcia,  Ensayo  Cronologico,  p.  181. 

7 An  official  visitor  to  a province  was  called  commissary. 

8In  verbo  sacerdotis  signified  that  the  priest  made  his 
declaration  on  the  strength  of  his  sacred  character. 

9Prior  to  1612. 

10The  prayer  “Salve  Regina”  or  “Hail  Holy  Queen”. 

lirThe  Commemoration  of  All  Souls,  November  2. 

12 What  Father  Pare j a wishes  to  say  is  that  in  so  far  as  he 
could  judge  from  external  actions  he  perceived  genuine  signs 
of  Catholicity  among  the  Indians  with  whom  he  came  in 
contact. 

13The  drink  mentioned  here  and  for  which  Father  Ore  does 
not  supply  a name  was  probably  the  cassina,  “the  beverage  of 
the  Florida  Indians  mentioned  by  all  the  ancient  French  and 
Spanish  writers  on  Florida.”  Connor,  Colonial  Records  I,  282. 
Technically  it  is  known  as  Ilex  Cassene  or  Ilex  Vomitoria. 
The  yerba  mate  is  a South  American  variety  of  cassina.  Con- 
nor, Colonial  Records , I,  282-288. 

14  According  to  Dr.  Swan  ton,  Utinama  signifies  “the  power- 
ful one,”  or  “the  all-powerful  one.”  “It  was  a term  applied 
to  some  of  the  native  chiefs  and  it  is  interesting  to  find  that 
it  was  used  for  ‘God/  ” Letter  of  Dr.  Swanton  to  Dr.  Cooper, 
Washington,  March  19,  1936.  According  to  the  Gentleman  of 
Elvas,  TJiinama  was  the  name  of  a town  through  which  De 
Soto  passed  in  the  region  of  Potano.  T.  H.  Lewis,  ed.,  Spanish 
Explorers  in  the  Southern  United  States,  p.  156. 

15 According  to  Dr.  Swanton  orobisi  means  wise  and  was 
applied  to  doctors.  Letter  of  Dr.  Swanton  to  Dr.  Cooper, 
ut  supra. 

16The  reference  is  to  wax  candles  used  liturgically  at 
funerals. 

17An  arroba  was  equivalent  to  twenty-five  pounds. 

18Each  religious  laboring  in  Florida  received  three  reales 
a day  for  his  support.  The  money  was  supplied  by  the  king 
from  the  royal  treasury  in  Mexico.  The  money  sent  for  the 
support  of  the  religious  and  military  in  Florida  was  known  as 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


111 


the  sifiuado  or  subsidy.  This  subsidy  could  be  collected  for 
three  hundred  persons  in  the  Florida  service.  Church  goods 
were  brought  from  Spain  and  Mexico  but  there  was  often  a 
dearth  of  even  necessary  articles  for  ecclesiastical  use.  The 
self-sacrifice  of  the  missionaries  in  this  and  in  other  matters 
speaks  for  itself. 

10 Altar-stone,  a necessary  article  for  saying  Mass  licitly. 
It  is  frequently  known  as  a portable  altar. 

20Both  governmental  letters  and  the  accounts  of  the 
religious  repeat  with  pointed  monotony  the  story  of  poverty 
in  Spanish  Florida.  Practically  everything  necessary  to 
sustain  life  had  to  be  brought  thither  from  other  colonies. 
The  distance  and  time  involved  in  procuring  these  necessaries 
often  brought  great  hardship  to  the  civil  and  religious 
population. 

21Other  accounts  of  Father  Pare j a in  the  early  period  of 
missionization  are:  Fray  Francisco  Pare  j a to  the  king,  March 
8,  1599.  Archivo  Ibero- Americano,  I (1914),  357-359. — 
Declaracion  del  P.  Fray  Francisco  Pareja.  San  Agustln,  14 
septiembre  de  1602.  Lopez,  Relation  historica , II,  25-28. — 
Carta  del  Custodio  y Definidores  de  la  Custodia  de  Santa 
Elena  de  la  Florida  a S.  M.  San  Agustln,  11  enero  de  1608. 
Lopez,  Relation  historica,  II,  33-34. — Los  misioneros  de  la 
Florida  exponen  a S.  M.  los  impedimentos  que  se  les  ponen 
para  la  conversion  de  los  indios.  San  Agustln,  17  enero  1617. 
Lopez,  Relation  historica,  II,  41-44. 


X 


Other  things  that  happened  to  the  religious  in 

THIS  MISSION  FIELD;  AN  ACCOUNT  OF  THE  GREAT  PROVINCE  OF 

Apalache. 

I,  Fray  Martin  Prieto,  definitor  of  this  province  of  Santa 
Elena  of  Florida,  declare  that  Fray  Luis  Jeronimo  de  Ore, 
Commissary  of  the  said  province,  having  commanded  me  by 
virtue  of  obedience  and  having  taken  from  me  the  oath  in 
verbo  sacerdotis  to  make  a declaration  on  certain  matters 
about  which  his  paternity  has  asked  me  to  answer  according 
to  my  knowledge,  on  the  strength  of  the  oath  I have  taken, 
declare  the  following: 

I declare  that  I am  from  the  province  of  Los  Angeles  and 
that  I left  the  house  of  Nuestra  Sehora  de  Los  Angeles  for 
the  conversion  of  the  natives  of  Florida,  in  the  fleet  which 
arrived  in  the  year  1605,  ten  years  ago.  After  we  arrived,  I 
was  in  Nombre  de  Dios  until  the  year  1606  when  on  April  10, 
I was  sent  to  the  province  of  Potano'  among  the  infidels 
where  there  had  been  but  one  Christian  and  he  had  been 
baptized  at  St.  Augustine.  Another  religious  went  with  me.2 
I commenced  to  build  a church  in  San  Francisco3  and  there  I 
ordered  my  companion  to  stay  until  I went  to  three  other 
towns  in  which  there  were  twelve  hundred  persons. 

When  the  other  father  commenced  to  teach  catechism, 
at  the  end  of  twenty  days,  the  Indians  rose  up  in  rebellion 
against  him  and  wished  to  kill  him.  One  night  he  came  to  my 
small  abode  which  I had  built,  and  in  this  manner  escaped. 
I ordered  him  to  go  to  St.  Augustine  so  that  he  would  not 
encounter  misfortune,  while  I remained  alone  in  charge  of  all 
the  places  for  the  period  of  five  or  six  months.  During  this 
time  I experienced  such  difficulty  that  I would  prefer  not  to 

112 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


113 


speak  about  it.  But,  because  I have  been  commanded  to  do 
so  by  virtue  of  obedience,  I shall  tell  about  it. 

Every  day  I said  Mass  at  San  Miguel  and  held  the 
instruction  in  Christian  doctrine  alone  because  there  was  no 
one  in  the  land  who  knew  it.  I left  there  and  went  a league 
and  a half  to  San  Francisco  where  I recited  the  instruction 
and  made  another  address  by  means  of  the  atequi 4 as  they 
name  the  interpreter.  I returned  to  Santa  Ana  and  did  the 
same  while  at  night  I returned  to  sleep  at  San  Miguel.  At 
that  time  I breakfasted  on  a little  porridge  made  of  ground 
maize  for  I had  nothing  else.  In  San  Miguel  and  San  Fran- 
cisco, the  Indians  listened  to  the  instruction  and  with  great 
diligence  learned  the  things  of  God  that  I taught  them.  In 
Santa  Ana  there  congregated  not  more  than  four  or  five 
Indians  while  the  rest  made  fun  of  me.  They  came  to  oppose 
me  and  jostled  me  when  I announced  Christian  doctrine 
to  them ; they  caused  such  an  uproar  that  nothing 
could  be  heard.  One  day  I made  up  my  mind  and  told  them 
that  in  the  two  other  places  the  Indians  wished  to  be 
Christians  and  hear  the  word  of  God.  The  wizard  of  the 
place  answered  that  he  was  their  priest.  He  said,  moreover: 
“Father,  our  cacique  is  very  old ; he  is  in  a house ; in  fact,  he 
is  so  old  that  he  cannot  stand.  When  he  was  a boy  he  was 
a captive  of  Hernando  de  Soto.5  From  Christians  he  had 
received  much  injury  and  for  this  reason  he  tells  us  that  we 
should  not  become  Christians,  and  that  while  he  lives  none  in 
this  town  should  become  such.” 

When  I heard  this  I departed  for  the  house  where  the 
cacique  was.  When  he  saw  me  enter  the  house,  he  turned  to 
the  wall  and  told  others  to  throw  me  out,  while  he  foamed  at 
the  mouth  with  great  anger  and  scolded  his  chief  men 
because  they  had  consented  to  allow  me  to  come  where  he  was. 
I began  to  tell  him  some  things  about  God's  law.  But  he  not 
only  did  not  want  to  hear  them  for  he  closed  his  ears  but  he 
commanded  them  to  give  me  a beating  and  to  throw  me  out 
of  the  house.  At  that  moment  there  was  a thunderclap  so 
that  all  fell  to  the  ground,  accompanied  by  so  strong  a wind 


114 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


that  in  this  place  and  in  the  other  there  remained  neither  a 
house  nor  a barn  standing,  nor  a hut  nor  any  structure,  great 
or  small,  that  was  in  those  places.  Only  a cross  and  a church 
in  which  Mass  had  been  said,  remained  standing,  and  this 
through  the  mercy  of  God,  our  Master.  So  great  was  the 
fear  which  this  brought  upon  all,  that  the  next  day  the 
cacique  called  for  me  in  order  that  I might  instruct  him. 
Within  six  days  I baptized  him  and  after  that  he  gave  his 
soul  to  God.  The  entire  locality  had  the  greatest  desire  of 
becoming  Christians.  I baptized  there  four  hundred  persons, 
old  and  young. 

At  San  Miguel,  I baptized  two  hundred  persons;  at  San 
Francisco  half  the  place,  which  would  total  about  two  hundred 
persons.  Father  Serrano  whom  the  prelate  had  sent  to  help 
me,  baptized  the  rest.  He  will  declare  in  his  statement  how 
many  he  baptized.  In  another  place  which  we  call  San 
Buenaventura,  in  the  same  district  of  Potano,  where  in  past 
times  the  Spaniards  had  killed  many  people,  Father  Pare j a,  the 
custodio , sent  a religious  who  baptized  all  the  people. 

This  year  of  1607,  I went  to  Timucua6  many  times.  This 
is  a district  near  Potano,  all  of  which  is  under  the  rule  of  the 
great  cacique  of  Timucua  who  is  greatly  esteemed  and  feared 
in  the  whole  land  of  Florida.  He  has  more  than  twenty 
places  under  his  command.  During  a period  of  two  years  I 
exhorted  this  cacique  many  times  to  receive  the  law  of  God  in 
his  land.  He  delayed  for  nearly  three  years  owing  to  the 
difficulty  he  had  with  his  vassals  for  they  were  at  war  with 
the  Indians  of  the  province  of  Apalache.  The  word  of  God 
was  more  powerful  than  the  deceits  of  the  devil.  The  cacique 
went  to  St.  Augustine  to  ask  the  governor  and  the  prelate  for 
religious  to  christianize  the  land. 

In  the  said  city  he  became  a Christian.7  The  prelate 
commanded  me  to  go  with  him.  In  1608,  on  the  1st  day  of  May, 
I arrived  at  his  place.  After  I had  preached  to  the  Indians 
for  some  days  on  the  law  of  God,  he  told  me  he  had  been 
feared  in  all  the  land  and  that  he  was  the  leader  in  all  the 
Indian  ceremonies;  that  he  himself  had  wanted  to  become  a 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


115 


Christian  in  the  meantime  and  wanted  his  land  to  be  christian- 
ized as  well.  He  asked  us  to  go  and  visit  all  his  towns  and 
to  throw  down  to  the  ground  all  the  idols  the  places  contained. 
Starting  with  the  place  where  he  was  and  which  is  now  called 
San  Martin,  we  burned  twelve  images  in  the  center  of  the 
plaza;  then  we  went  to  four  other  places  and  in  each  one  of 
them  we  burned  six  images.  I addressed  the  Indians  and 
after  me  the  cacique  took  my  hand  and  told  them  definitively 
that  throughout  his  territory  they  should  leave  their  pagan 
superstitions  and  that  all  should  prepare  to  be  instructed  and 
become  Christians.  At  San  Martin,  I baptized  the  boys  and 
girls  who  numbered  about  one  hundred;  the  others  were 
catechumens  whom  the  other  religious  baptized  since  I was 
unable  to  do  so  owing  to  an  illness  I contracted. 

When  I arrived  at  the  end  of  three  days,  they  notified 
me  that  a child  of  four  or  five  years  of  age  was  dying.  The 
cacique  took  me  thither  so  that  I could  baptize  it,  and  at  that 
almost  in  spite  of  its  parents.  The  child  was  already  dying 
and  while  the  parents  and  relatives  were  crying  over  it, 
according  to  the  custom  of  the  Indians,  with  great  screams, 
the  child  raised  itself  and  said:  “Do  not  cry  for  me,  rather 

sing,  for  I am  the  first  from  this  town  who  am  going  to  enjoy 
God  and  have  rest.  Cry  over  the  wretched  ones  who  have 
died  without  seeing  this  time  and  who  are  suffering.”  I told 
them  to  consider  these  words  of  the  child ; that  the  child  itself 
did  not  say  them,  but  some  angel.  These  words  made  such 
an  impression  on  its  parents  and  on  those  who  heard  the 
words  that  they  did  not  leave  me  alone  for  a moment,  asking 
me  to  make  them  Christians.  Its  parents  have  ever  shown 
themselves  as  such  since  that  time  and  have  led  a virtuous 
life.  I made  the  visit  over  all  the  territory  of  Timucua 
together  with  its  great  cacique.  When  I saw  that  no  peace 
could  obtain  in  it,  owing  to  the  wars  that  Gran  Apalache8  was 
waging  on  it  every  day,  I told  the  cacique  that  I was 
determined  to  go  to  Apalache  and  establish  peace.  And  since 
in  his  land  they  had  rendered  obedience  to  the  King,  our 
Lord,  and  the  faith  of  Jesus  Christ  was  being  planted 


116 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


therein,  God  would  permit,  since  He  had  died  for  all  men, 
that  things  would  turn  out  well  in  Apalache,  if  I should  go 
there,  and  they  would  be  saved. 

Placing  some  difficulties  before  me  at  the  beginning,  he 
finally  said  that  if  I should  go,  it  would  not  be  right  for  him  to 
remain.  We  departed  for  the  province  of  Apalache  in  the  mid- 
dle of  July,  in  1608,  and  after  six  days’  journey  arrived  at 
Cotocochuni,9  a large  settlement  near  Apalache.  From  the 
province  of  Potano  and  Timucua  I took  with  me  a hundred  and 
fifty  Indians.  From  Cotocochuni  which  is  twelve  leagues 
from  Apalache,  I dispatched  two  captives  whom  I found  there 
and  who  were  from  Apalache.  They  were  to  announce  that  I 
was  coming  and  were  to  state  the  reason  of  my  coming, 
namely,  that  it  was  a mission  of  peace  and  to  make  peace 
forever.  I took  along  the  caciques  of  the  towns  through 
which  I passed  (neighboring  on  Apalache)  in  order  that 
together  with  the  great  cacique  of  Apalache  they  would  make 
peace.  When  the  runners  had  arrived  at  Apalache,  the  whole 
province  gathered.  This  province  comprises  twelve  leagues 
of  inhabited  lands^y 

Seventy  caciques  came  together  with  all  their  people, 
asking  the  runner  what  the  people  had  done  for  me  in 
Timucua  and  how  they  had  received  me.  They  answered  that 
they  had  cleaned  the  roads  leading  to  the  town,  over  which  I 
had  gone.  They  cleaned  [the  road]  more  than  three  leagues 
before  arriving  at  the  place,  making  a broad  large  road. 
They  had  abundant  food  consisting  of  cakes  made  of  maize 
and  flour  of  the  same,  and  thus  they  awaited  me.  Having 
arrived  at  the  Plaza  of  Juitachuco,10  I testify  I saw  more  than 
30,000  Indians  and  I am  not  surprised.11  Concerning  those 
who  have  gone  there  since,  if  they  have  not  seen  so  many,  I 
say  that  the  Indians  are  fond  of  novelties  and  that,  that  was 
the  first  time  they  ever  saw  a Spaniard  in  their  land  in  these 
times.  As  soon  as  they  saw  their  enemies  in  their  houses, 
all  came  together.  They  sent  the  younger  boys  for  wood,  and 
each  one  brought  a log;  of  this  they  made  a pile  so  that  the 
two  hundred  men  I brought  with  me  were  enabled  to  eat  for 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


117 


six  days.  When  we  left,  the  wood  that  was  left  over  was  not 
sufficient  to  fill  two  carts.  Finally,  in  everything  that  per- 
tains to  this  province  of  Apalache,  I refer  to  what  has  been 
made  in  the  reports  to  Your  Majesty  and  the  Royal  Council 
by  me  and  which  is  the  same  that  I gave  to  Governor  Ybarra, 
what  neither  a Spaniard  nor  any  other  person  in  that  period 
had  seen  but  myself.  My  own  report  I gave  to  the  governor, 
Juan  Fernandez  de  Olivera12  with  those  which  other  fathers, 
who  came  here  afterwards,  have  given  [him.]  I treated  of 
peace  conjointly  with  the  caciques  of  Apalache  and  Timucua. 
All  agreed  on  peace  with  great  satisfaction.  The  cacique  of 
Juitachuco,  since  he  was  the  most  important  among  them, 
raised  his  voice  in  the  midst  of  them  and  said,  weeping: 
“When  did  I merit  that  so  happy  a day  should  dawn  upon  me 
that  I should  see  peace  in  my  enemies  and  behold  them  eating 
in  my  plaza  and  home,  in  the  spirit  of  peace?  Now  we  shall 
have  a meal ; now  we  shall  have  peace  and  happiness ; now,  my 
sons,  we  shall  have  quiet.”  These  and  many  other  words  he 
uttered  on  the  subject. 

Together  with  this  all  the  caciques  of  Apalache  delegated 
the  cacique  of  Inihayca13  to  go  to  the  city  of  St.  Augustine, 
and  in  the  name  of  all,  give  obedience  to  the  governor  of  St. 
Augustine,  as  to  the  person  who  represents  the  king,  our 
sovereign.  He  came  as  far  as  San  Buenaventura  de  Potano 
with  me.  But  the  governor  who  knew  what  was  taking  place 
sent  two  soldiers  who  met  him  two  leagues  from  San  Buena- 
ventura which  was  on  the  way  to  St.  Augustine.  The  soldiers 
had  received  instructions  that  if  the  cacique  was  with  me, 
they  were  to  take  him  from  me,  in  order  that  they  themselves 
should  bring  him  to  St.  Augustine  and  thus  he  [the  governor] 
would  obtain  the  merit  for  which  he  had  not  worked.  But 
as  poor  friars  of  St.  Francis,  we  hope  for  nothing  but  the 
reward  of  heaven.  I was  satisfied  that  they  conducted  him 
thither,  delivered  the  message  and  performed  the  errands 
wdiich  they  desired. 

The  people  of  Apalache  are  numerous.  Twelve  leagues 
are  populated,  a half  or  more  of  the  people  desire  to  become 


118 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


Christians.  It  is  a land  most  productive  in  food : maize,  beans 
and  pumpkins.  There  is  nothing  else  there.  The  Indians  are 
as  naked  as  when  their  mothers  brought  them  forth.14  There 
is  great  difficulty  in  carrying  thither  overland  the  food  and 
sustenance  necessary  for  the  religious,  because  it  is  a hundred 
leagues  to  St.  Augustine  where  the  provisions  are  gathered 
for  all.15 

All  the  above-mentioned  things,  I have  desired  to  write 
down,  taking  from  the  account  those  which  this  religious  gave 
me,  although  I have  had  the  larger  and  more  copious  account 
of  Fray  Alonso  Serrano.  He  entered  Apalache  afterwards, 
preached  there  and  erected  some  crosses  in  some  parts  of  the 
great  populated  area  of  Apalache.  Afterwards,  four  or  five 
other  religious  entered  [the  territory]  and  all  stated  the  desire 
the  Indians  show  of  becoming  Christians.  However  the 
permanent  placing  of  religious  among  them  has  not  been 
determined  upon  owing  to  the  difficulty  of  transporting  the 
means  of  livelihood  from  St.  Augustine  and  also  because  of  the 
distance  from  the  presidio  of  the  Spaniards  who  form  the 
guard  of  the  missioners.  This  is  done  for  fear  lest  the  Indians, 
moved  by  the  devil,  aggrieve  or  maltreat  them  or  take  away 
their  lives  and  thus  Your  Majesty  would  be  obliged  to  punish 
them.  Such  a provision  was  made  by  His  Majesty  and  the 
Royal  Council  and  was  given  to  Juan  Maldonado,  a citizen  of 
Cuzco  and  governor  of  the  expedition  to  Chunchos.16  The 
point  was  brought  out  to  him  that  the  [soldiers]  should  safe- 
guard the  priests  and  missioners  so  that  the  Indians  would 
not  kill  them.  They  were  also  to  take  care  to  repair  such 
damage  if  done,  and  punish  them  as  they  deserve.  In 
Apalache,  the  priests  and  missionaries  of  the  Gospel  are  not 
able  to  have  peace  with  the  Indians  for  there  is  much  for 
which  they  should  be  taken  to  task ; for  instance,  the  extirpa- 
tion of  their  immoral  practices  which  are  of  the  worst  kind. 
But  by  the  aid  of  divine  grace  and  the  exercise  of  prudence, 
nothing  will  be  impossible  to  those  who  might  be  sent  . 

Owing  to  the  great  multitude  of  Indians  in  this  district 
of  Apalache,  covering  a stretch  of  territory  of  twelve  leagues, 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


119 


the  religious  of  good  spirit  desire  to  employ  their  efforts  in 
the  conversion  of  these  souls.  Others  have  entered  through 
the  other  part  of  La  Tama  which  forms  another  large  group 
of  people.  Others  entered  into  Santa  Elena  where  the  presidio 
was  first;  it  would  be  wise  if  [the  Government]  placed  one 
there  and  populated  that  place  because  in  former  years  the 
Spaniards  relinquished  it  somewhat  shamefully.17 

No  temporal  gain  is  to  be  hoped  for  among  these  many 
thousands.  Your  Majesty  sustains  the  soldiers  of  the 
presidio  and  the  number  of  religious  who  are  engaged  in 
preaching  the  law  of  Christ,  our  Lord,  and  in  aggregating 
daily,  towns  to  the  faith  of  the  Catholic  Church, — a worthy 
enterprise  for  so  Catholic  a King,  whom  may  God  preserve 
many  years.  But  the  spiritual  need  is  well  known.  The 
religious  like  good  oxen  are  treading  this  harvest  of  the 
Lord,  nor  do  they  eat  their  bread  in  vain,  but  with  incredible 
difficulty  and  solicitude,  assist  in  baptizing  and  administering 
the  sacraments  to  the  sick.  The  small  towns  they  visit  are 
distant  six  leagues  and  more.  If  the  governor  should  wish  to 
form  reductions  of  three  or  four  small  places  into  one,  as  was 
done  in  the  reductions  of  Peru  through  the  project  and 
determination  of  the  viceroy,  Don  Francisco  de  Toledo,18  the 
Indians  would  be  taught  more  effectively  and  the  missionaries 
be  relieved  of  the  excessive  labor  which  they  now  experience 
owing  to  the  changes  of  the  weather,  because  of  rain,  snow  or 
of  the  winter  or  burdened  by  the  heat  of  summer,  for  the 
seasons  are  regular  as  in  Spain. 

With  these  accounts  concerning  the  Indians  of  Apalache 
who  desired  to  be  Christians,  which  were  sent  to  the  Royal 
Council  of  the  Indies  by  Pedro  de  Ybarra  who  was  recently 
governor  of  Florida,  the  Rev.  Antonio  de  Trejo,  Commissary- 
General  of  the  Indies,  before  being  elected  General  of  the 
Order,  commanded  me  to  go  with  the  patents  of  his  commis- 
sion to  Old  Castille  to  take  twenty-four  religious  of  the 
province  of  Concepcion  from  the  Recollect  houses  of  Abrojo, 
Valdescopezo,  Villasilos  and  others,  from  which  I took  them. 
With  the  satisfaction  of  the  president  and  oidores  of  the 


120 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


Royal  Council  I took  them  to  put  them  on  board  ship  at 
Seville  and  they  journeyed  ±o  Florida  in  Hip  ypnr-4-fll  9,-^  The 
governor  at  that  time  was  Juan  Fernandez  de  Olivera  who 
received  them  with  great  satisfaction  because  the  greater 
part  of  them  were  very  able  preachers,  spiritual  men  who  have 
been  very  serviceable  for  the  conversion  of  souls.20 

NOTES 

X 

aPotano  was  the  district  west  of  St.  Johns  River  and 
southwest  of  St.  Augustine. 

2The  writer  has  been  unable  to  identify  this  religious 
from  any  other  record. 

3A  mission  was  established  here  which  became  known  as 
San  Francisco  de  Potano.  It  was  twenty-five  leagues  from  St. 
Augustine.  Nota  de  las  misiones  de  la  provincia  de  la  Florida, 
in  Serrano  y Sanz,  Documentos  historicos,  p.  183. 

4 Atiequi  is  frequently  found  in  the  Spanish  documents 
emanating  from  Florida.  According  to  Dr.  Swanton,  “Atequi 
seems  to  represent  a borrowing  from  Creek  in  which  language 
the  word  for  ‘interpreter’  is  yatika .”  Letter  of  Dr.  Swanton 
to  Dr.  Cooper,  ut  supra. 

5De  Soto  and  his  expedition  passed  through  Potano, 
according  to  the  Gentleman  of  Elvas.  T.  H.  Lewis,  ed., 
Spanish  Explorers  in  the  Southern  United  States , p.  156. 

6Timucua  was  a large  territory  extending  over  northern 
Florida  from  the  sea-coast  to  the  confines  of  Apalache  in  the 
extreme  west.  It  included  likewise  a small  portion  of  modern 
Georgia,  the  southeastern  corner. 

7At  this  time,  however  he  had  not  been  baptized  as  yet. 
His  baptism  occurred  on  Palm  Sunday  in  April,  1609,  at 
Nombre  de  Dios.  Pedro  de  Ybarra  was  his  god-father, 
testimonyo  de  la  venyda  del  capitan  grande  de  ays  y cacique 
mayor  de  timucua  a hesta  ciudad  y como  se  bautico  el  cacique 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


121 


de  timueua  y su  hedero  y principales.  [St.  Augustine,  April 
21,  1609.]  (A.  G.  I.  54-5-9,  No.  100)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot. 

8Gran  Apalache  or  Apalache  the  Great  was  the  territory 
around  modern  Talahassee. 

9Cotocochuni  between  Tarihica  and  Juitachuco. 

10Juitachuco  in  the  form  of  Vitachuco  is  frequently 
mentioned  in  La  Florida  del  Inca , pp.  51-68  passim.  It  was 
described  as  a large  province  more  than  fifty  leagues  wide. 
The  principal  town  as  well  as  its  cacique  bore  the  same  name 
(p.  51) . According  to  the  account  of  the  Gentleman  of  Elvas, 
Uitachuco  was  a town  subject  to  Apalache.  T.  H.  Lewis,  ed., 
Spanish  Explorers , p.  161. 

^Modern  historians  are  surprised ! Father  Prieto  doubtless 
was  sanguinely  elated  with  the  success  of  his  mission  and 
thought  he  saw  more  Indians  than  were  actually  present. 
There  must  have  been  a great  concourse  of  them,  however; 
but  their  number  he  over-estimated.  Any  one  witnessing  a 
modern  parade,  for  example,  is  apt  to  greatly  over-estimate  the 
number  of  marchers.  Based  on  this  report  no  doubt  Father 
Ore  reported  to  Spain  in  a Memorial  asking  for  more  mission- 
aries, that  “Apalache  has  a population  of  30,000  Indians,” 
Lopez,  Relacion  historica, , II,  45.  Swanton’s  observations  on 
this  matter  are  worth  quoting  in  full.  “Pare j a,  the  well- 
known  missionary  of  the  Timueua  Indians,  and  another  friar, 
Alonso  de  Penaranda,  state  in  letters,  written  in  1607,  that 
the  Apalachee  had  asked  for  missionaries  that  same  year 
through  the  friars  in  Potano.  Their  statement  that  the 
Apalachee  towns  numbered  107  is,  of  course,  a gross  exaggera- 
tion. We  read  that  in  1609  more  than  28  Timueua  and 
Apalachee  chiefs  were  begging  for  baptism  . . . The  need  of 
missionaries  to  begin  converting  the  Apalachee  is  frequently 
dwelt  upon  in  documents  written  between  1607  and  1633,  but 
it  was  not  until  the  latter  date  that  work  was  actually  begun. 
A letter  dated  November  15,  1633,  states  that  two  monks 
[sic!]  had  gone  to  the  Province  of  Apalachee  on  October  16. 
It  adds  that  these  people  had  desired  conversion  for  more  than 
20  years,  that  their  country  was  12  leagues  in  extent  and 


122 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


contained  15,000  to  16,000  Indians,  which  last  statement  is 
of  course  another  gross  exaggeration,  though  indeed  more 
moderate  than  one  of  30,000  made  in  1618  and  another  of 
34,000  made  in  1635.  This  last  placed  the  number  of  Christian 
converts  in  the  province  at  5,000,  probably  more  than  the 
total  Apalachee  population.  By  a letter  of  September  12, 
1638,  we  learn  that  the  conversions  of  Apalachee  were  greatly 
on  the  increase,  and  Governor  Damian  de  la  Vega  Castro  y Par- 
do writes,  August  22,  1639,  that  there  had  been  more  than  a 
thousand  conversions  there,  although  there  were  still  only  two 
friars.”’  Swan ton,  Early  History  of  the  Creek  Indians , pp. 
118-119. 

12Juan  Fernandez  de  Olivera  was  governor  of  Florida 
from  1609  to  1612.  His  term  of  office  was  shortened  by 
death.  His  rule  was  characterized  by  peace  and  harmony  with 
the  Franciscans  in  distinct  contrast  with  that  of  Pedro  de 
Ybarra,  his  predecessor. 

13Inihayca  is  probably  the  Anhayca  Apalache  mentioned 
by  the  Gentleman  of  Elvas.  It  was  a town  “where  the  lord 
of  all  that  country  and  province  resided.”  T.  H.  Lewis,  ed., 
Spanish  Explorers , p.  161. 

13The  narrative  of  Cabeza  de  Vaca  describing  Apalache 
nearly  a century  earlier  gives  more  details  of  Apalache.  “We 
found  a large  quantity  of  maize  fit  for  plucking,  and  much 
dry,  that  was  housed ; also  many  deer  skins,  and  among  them 
some  mantelets  of  thread,  small  and  poor,  with  which  the 
women  partially  cover  their  persons.  There  were  numerous 
mortars  for  cracking  maize  ....  The  country  where  we  came 
on  shore  to  this  town  and  region  of  Apalachen  is  for  the  most 
part  level,  the  ground  of  sand  and  stiff  earth.  Throughout 
are  immense  trees  and  open  woods,  in  which  are  walnut, 
laurel,  and  another  tree  called  liquid-amber,  cedars,  savins, 
evergreen  oaks,  pines,  red-oaks,  and  palmitos  like  those  of 
Spain.  There  are  many  lakes,  great  and  small,  over  every 
part  of  it  ....  In  this  province  are  many  maize  fields  .... 
There  are  deer  of  three  kinds,  rabbits,  hares,  bears,  lions  and 
other  wild  beasts  ....  The  country  is  very  cold.  It  has  fine 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


123 

pastures  for  herds.  Birds  are  of  various  kinds.  Geese  in 
great  numbers.  Ducks,  mallards,  royal-ducks,  fly-catchers, 
night-herons,  and  partridges  abound.  We  saw  many  falcons, 
gerfalcons,  sparrow-hawks,  merlins,  and  numerous  other 
fowl.,,  Spanish  Explorers , pp.  28-30. 

The  Gentleman  of  Elvas  described  Apalache,  beyond 
Uitachuco  as  a country  ‘‘well  inhabited,  producing  much  corn, 
the  way  leading  to  many  habitations  like  villages  ....  There 
were  other  towns  which  had  much  maize,  pumpkins,  beans, 
and  dried  plums  of  the  country,  whence  were  brought  together 
at  Anhayca  Apalache  what  appeared  to  be  sufficient  provision 
for  the  winter.  These  ameixas  [persimmons]  are  better 
than  those  of  Spain,  and  come  from  trees  that  grow  in  the 
fields  without  being  planted.”  Spanish  Explorers,  pp.  161-162. 

15One  of  the  reasons  for  delay  in  missionaries  going  to 
Apalache  was  the  great  difficulty  in  transporting  provisions 
from  St.  Augustine  to  that  area. 

16The  Chunehos  were  an  Indian  tribe  living  in  the 
province  of  Tarma,  Peru. 

17Father  Ore  refers  to  the  relinquishment  of  Santa  Elena 
under  Hernando  de  Miranda  in  1575. 

18Don  Francisco  de  Toledo  was  viceroy  of  Peru  from  1569 
to  1581.  P.  A.  Means,  Fall  of  the  Inca  Empire,  pp.  118-133. 

19It  was  during  this  period  that  Father  Ore  met  Garcilaso 
de  la  Vega  at  Cordova.  Father  Ore  told  the  Inca  at  the 
time  that  he  was  uncertain  as  to  whether  he  would 
accompany  the  friars  to  Florida  or  merely  as  far  as  Seville. 
As  a matter  of  fact  he  remained  in  Spain.  Commentaries 
Reales , p.  460. 

20It  appears  that  the  full  quota  of  twenty-four  friars 
could  not  be  obtained.  Shortly  after  his  arrival  in  Florida, 
Fray  Lorenzo  Martinez  who  was  superior  of  the  band  which 
arrived  in  Florida  in  1612  wrote:  “Your  Majesty  commanded 

me  to  bring  here  twenty  religious.”  Fray  Lorenzo  Martinez 
to  the  king,  Florida,  Sept.  4,  1612.  (A.  G.  I.  54-5-17)  F.  S.  H. 

S.  phot.  This  agrees  with  the  statement  of  Governor  Olivera 
who  reported  the  arrival  of  twenty-one  religious,  testimonyo 


124 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


sobre  sentar  las  placas  a los  Religiosos  q.  vinyeron  de  Castilla 
para  la  conversion  de  los  nles.  [St.  Augustine,  July  26,  1612] 
(A.  G.  I.  54-5-10;  No.  3)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot.  In  the  following 
year,  1613,  eight  more  friars  came  to  Florida  under  Fray  Juan 
Bautista  de  Capilla,  the  provincial  of  the  province  of  Santa 
Elena.  Barcia,  Ensayo  Cronologico , p.  181.  The  register  of 
the  friars  who  sailed  to  Florida  on  these  two  occasions  is 
incomplete.  The  following  names,  however,  are  known: 

Fray  Lorenzo  Martinez,  1612,  Fray  Juan  Bautista  de 
Capilla,  1613,  Fray  Martin  de  Bustamente,  1613,  Fray  Alonso 
Pesquera,  Fray  Juan  de  la  Cruz,  Fray  Miguel  de  Santa  Maria, 
Fray  Matheo  de  Carca,  Fray  Alonso  de  Nabos,  Fray  Diego  de 
Rodriguez,  Fray  Alonso  Ortiz,  Fray  Antonio  de  San  Francisco, 
Fray  Francisco  Toro  Testillano,  Fray  Basilio  de  la  Cruz,  Fray 
Antonio  de  Torres,  Fray  Francisco  Alonso  de  Jesus. 

Sources  on  these  friars:  Request  of  Fray  Martin  de 

Bustamente,  Spain,  May-June,  1625.  (A.  G.  I.  53-2-11)  F.  S. 

H.  S.  phot. — Testimony  of  the  friars  in  behalf  of  their  syndic, 
Captain  Alonso  de  Pastrana,  Florida,  May,  1616.  (A.  G.  I.  54- 

5-17)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot. — Fray  Antonio  de  st.  Franco  de  la 
orden  de  st.  Franco.  Oct.  10,  1622.  (A.  G.  I.  53-2-11)  F.  S.  H.  S. 
phot. — Petition  of  Fray  Antonio  de  Torres,  Jan.  21,  1630. 
(A.  G.  I.  53-2-11)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot. — Fray  franco,  toro 
testillano  de  la  provincia  de  la  florida  de  la  orden  de  st.  franco. 
Spain,  March  14,  1624.  (A.  G.  I.  53-2-11).  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot. 


XI 


Concerning  the  first  provincial  chapter  of  this 
province  of  Florida  and  the  status  and  disposition 
OF  ITS  AFFAIRS. 

In  the  year  1614,  with  the  permission  of  Your  Majesty 
and  with  the  provision  of  the  Royal  Council  of  the  Indies,  the 
Rev.  Fray  Juan  de  Vivanco,  Commissary-General  of  the 
Indies,  ordered  and  commanded  Fray  Luis  Jeronimo  de  Ore,  of 
the  province  of  the  Twelve  Apostles  of  Peru,  to  go  and  visit 
the  provinces  of  Florida  as  also  the  convents  of  the  island  of 
Cuba.1  He  gave  him  the  necessary  patents  for  the  commis- 
sion which  he  fulfilled  and  executed  according  to  the  command 
of  his  general  superior.  He  visited  the  said  province,  con- 
soled the  religious  and  gathered  them  together  for  a chapter 
in  the  city  of  St.  Augustine.  After  they  had  ordained  and 
resolved  upon  the  things  touching  the  conversion  of  the 
Indians,  he  returned  to  Havana,  providing  for  the  convent 
there,  religious  necessary  for  preaching  to  the  Spaniards  of 
that  city  as  well  as  for  attending  to  other  affairs  there. 
When  he  was  two  and  a half  years  in  the  government  of  the 
province,  new  patents  came  to  him  with  an  order  from  the 
minister-general2  to  visit  the  province  once  more  and  call 
together  the  guardians  and  definitors  in  the  celebration  of  a 
provincial  chapter  and  to  choose  a provincial  and  guardians  for 
all  the  convents  of  the  province  as  well  as  for  Havana  and  the 
island  of  Cuba. 

On  the  6th  of  November  in  the  year  1616,  the  said  Father 
Commissary,  Fray  Luis  Jeronimo  de  Ore  entered  the  city  of 
St.  Augustine  in  Florida  with  his  companions  to  visit  the 
province  and  hold  the  provincial  chapter.  It  had  taken  him 
twenty-five  days  to  reach  the  bar  of  Havana  owing  to  storms 
and  contrary  winds  which  he  encountered.  When  [the  ship] 

125 


126 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


had  anchored  outside  the  bar  it  was  necessary,  owing  to 
weather  conditions,  to  cut  the  cables  and  sacrifice  two  anchors. 
This  raised  the  loss  for  the  owner  of  the  ship  to  more  than 
five  hundred  ducats.  [Father  Ore]  was  received  by  the  gov- 
ernor, Juan  Trivino  de  Guillamas,3  the  religious  and  the  sol- 
diers of  the  presidio  with  signs  of  great  joy.  He  remained 
in  the  convent  ten  days,  giving  notice  of  his  arrival  to  all  the 
religious  who  are  engaged  in  the  conversion  of  the  Indians  in 
the  missions  of  the  interior,  in  the  two  districts  of  Guale  and 
Timucua. 

On  the  17th  of  the  same  month  he  went  to  visit  the  land 
on  foot,  in  company  with  three  religious.  Although  the 
governor  ordered  a horse  to  be  given  him,  which  a soldier 
brought  forward,  he  preferred  to  go  on  foot  in  the  company 
of  his  religious.4  He  embarked  in  a canoe  on  the  river  of 
Tocoy,5  greater  than  ail  the  rivers  of  Spain,  France  and  Italy. 
Its  shores  were  wooded  with  pine  and  other  trees.  There  is 
an  abundance  of  good  fish.  Twenty  leagues  up  the  river,  he 
and  his  companions  arrived  at  the  convent  of  San  Antonio  de 
Enacape6  where  he  had  ordered  that  the  guardian  of  that 
house  and  the  guardian  of  the  other  convent  called  A vino 7 
should  come  together,  as  well  as  the  religious  of  both  guardi- 
anates  and  a definitor. 

When  all  were  in  the  said  convent,  he  delivered  a spiritual 
discourse  to  them  and  held  the  visitation.  When  this  was 
completed,  he  held  the  chapter  of  faults8  and  charged  the 
fathers  to  pray  to  our  Lord  for  the  favorable  outcome  of  an 
election  which  was  to  be  held  at  the  provincial  chapter.  This 
same  thing  was  ordered  in  the  patent  that  was  sent  to  the 
whole  province  together  with  the  news  of  his  arrival;  the 
fathers  were  ordered  to  say  the  accustomed  suffrages  at 
Vespers  and  Matins9  so  that  our  Lord  would  be  pleased  to  have 
a guiding  hand  in  this  chapter  and  election  so  that  there 
would  be  nothing  to  vitiate  it  in  any  way  of  worldliness  or 
solicitation  on  any  part ; and  for  this  intention  the  commissary 
with  the  religious  of  those  two  guardianates  prayed  and  took 
the  discipline. 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


127 


The  religious  were  very  much  consoled.  He  remained  to 
examine  the  Indians  in  Christian  doctrine  and  catechism  and 
found  that  the  greater  number  of  them,  men  and  women, 
knew  it  well.  The  boys,  and  all  in  general,  besides  knowing 
the  catechism  well  knew  also  how  to  serve  Mass.  During  the 
time  he  was  there  he  preached  to  the  whole  town,  visited  the 
baptismal  font,  inspected  the  oil-stocks10  and  performed  the 
suffrage  which  the  manual  orders  to  be  made  for  the  souls 
of  the  faithful  departed.  He  did  the  same  in  all  the  towns. 
And  the  greater  part  of  the  Indians,  men  and  women,  knew 
the  Christian  doctrine.  In  this  he  proceeded  not  only  as  the 
superior  of  the  friars  but  as  the  visitor  to  the  province  for  his 
lordship,  the  bishop.  For  this  purpose  he  had  received  a 
special  commission  from  him.11  And  so  he  visited  the  Blessed 
Sacrament  in  the  principal  church  in  St.  Augustine;  he  also 
made  the  visitation  to  the  font  in  the  church,  and  inspected 
the  oil  and  the  chrism.  Moreover,  he  published  an  edict 
against  the  public  vices  that  might  have  been  prevalent 
among  the  soldiers  of  the  presidio,  appointing  the  attorney  and 
notary  of  the  same  soldiers  with  the  consent  and  approval  of 
the  governor.  Thus  he  remedied  everything  where  a remedy 
was  in  demand  without  causing  burdens  to  anyone,  and  at 
that,  with  the  prudence  and  caution  necessary  when  dealing 
with  soldiers,  so  that  he  would  obtain  the  end  of  the  reform 
desired. 

The  father  commissary  and  his  secretary  left  on  foot 
from  the  convent  of  San  Antonio  in  order  to  go  to  the  convent 
of  San  Francisco  de  Potano.  Although  the  land  is  flat,  and  in 
some  parts,  marshy  and  thick  with  very  high  pine  trees,  and 
obstructed  with  lagoons,  they  arrived  in  two  and  a half  days 
with  some  fatigue  at  the  mission  station  of  Apalo.12  From 
there  they  passed  a very  large  lake13  surrounded  by  very  high 
trees,  and  which  has  good  fish.  After  this  they  arrived  at 
the  convent  of  San  Francisco  de  Potano.  Thence  they  went 
to  the  convent  of  Santa  Fe  de  Teleco14  and  from  there  to  the 
convent  of  San  Martin,15  preaching  in  all  the  towns  to  the 
Indians  and  examining  them  in  the  Christian  doctrine.  In 


128 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


this  convent  of  San  Martin  in  Timucua,  according  to  the  order 
which  had  been  given  him  in  the  letters  patent,  the  guardian 
of  that  place  as  well  as  the  guardians  of  Potano16  and 
Tarihica17  and  the  religious  of  the  convents  of  San  Juan  de 
Guacara,18  Teleco19  and  Cofa20  [had  been  gathered  together]. 
He  exhorted  them  in  the  service  of  the  Lord  and  in  the 
observance  of  the  rule  and  in  diligence  in  the  conversion  of 
the  Indians.  After  the  visitation  had  been  made,  all  the 
religious  were  called,  one  by  one.  When  this  was  accomplished, 
he  conducted  the  chapter  of  faults,  said  the  prayers  and  took 
the  discipline  for  the  favorable  outcome  of  the  chapter.,  And  in 
each  one  of  the  towns  referred  to,  he  remained  three  or  four 
days,  conducting  the  visitation  and  the  examination  and 
taking  down  in  writing  the  exact  number  of  baptized 
Christians,  both  the  living  and  those  who  had  died. 

Considering  the  great  difficulty  for  the  religious  who  had 
a vote,  as  well  as  for  the  Indians,  if  the  chapter  were  to  be 
held  at  St.  Augustine, — for  they  would  have  to  bring  their 
books  with  them  as  well  as  provisions, — he  consulted  with  the 
religious  and  the  guardians  who  were  present  as  to  the 
feasibility  of  holding  the  chapter  at  the  convent  of  San  Buena- 
ventura de  Guadalquini,21  where  the  food  for  the  Indians  as 
well  as  the  fare  for  the  fathers  in  chapter  could  be  had  at  less 
expense,  for  everything  is  very  costly  in  the  city  of  St. 
Augustine.  Moreover,  they  would  be  relieved  of  great  diffi- 
culty because  the  voters  could  come  together  from  the  two 
districts  of  Timucua  and  Guale  (which  they  call  agua  dulce 
and  agua  salada)  to  the  said  convent  of  Guadalquini  for  they 
could  go  from  one  province  to  another  in  canoes.  He 
resolved  to  make  this  plan  effective  and  advised  the  governor 
of  Florida  of  his  intention.  At  the  same  time  he  asked  the 
governor  if  he  had  any  orders,  cedulas  or  royal  provisions 
from  Your  Majesty  in  reference  to  the  missions  and  the 
conversion  of  the  natives.  If  so,  he  should  forward  them  so 
that  the  religious  could  comply  with  them  in  ever}?  respect 
throughout  the  land. 

When  he  had  attended  to  this,  he  departed  with  his 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


129 


secretary  from  the  convent  of  Timucua  to  that  of  San  Juan 
de  Guacara  which  is  eight  leagues  distant.  Having  visited 
that  town,  he  passed  on  to  the  guardianate  of  Santa  Cruz  de 
Tarihica,  a place  where  five  years  before,  when  the  friars  of 
the  province  of  Concepcion  came,  there  were  not  four 
Christian  Indians,  but  now  there  were  712  living  Christian 
Indians  in  this  town  alone.  It  is  distant  from  Guacara,  eight 
more  leagues.  He  visited  and  made  the  examination  in  this 
town  with  more  care  because  of  the  neophytes  recently  con- 
verted and  found  that  they  knew  their  doctrine  and  catechism. 
Moreover  there  were  some  Indian  men  and  women  who  knew 
how  to  read  and  write,  being  already  thirty  or  forty  years 
of  age.  They  have  learned  these  things  within  four  years. 
There  he  remained  more  days  in  order  to  preach  to  them  on 
the  rudiments  of  our  Catholic  faith  and  on  the  Sacraments. 

Here  he  determined  to  take  a short-cut  that  was  arduous, 
by  entering  a desert  and  unpopulated  district  for  fifty  leagues 
in  order  to  go  to  the  convent  of  Santa  Isabel  de  XJtinahica,22 
where  the  woods  were  closed  with  dense  trees  and  chaparral. 
He  passed  through  some  towns  inhabited  by  pagan  Indians 
who  received  him  with  great  joy  and  who  showed  a desire  to 
become  Christians. 

They  arrived  at  Tarraco23  on  the  feast  of  St.  Barbara  and 
we  [sic!]  named  the  place  Santa  Barbara.  After  having  taken 
leave  of  the  Indians  and  having  departed  from  them  for  the 
distance  of  about  a league,  a messenger  came  to  ask  the  name 
of  the  saint  they  would  have  to  employ  in  naming  the  town 
when  they  became  Christians.  In  the  meantime,  [they  were 
told]  they  would  be  given  a Christian  Indian  who  would 
teach  them  the  doctrine  and  catechism.  This  was  attended 
to  and  word  was  sent  from  here  to  a religious  residing  at  Tari, 
notifying  him  that  he  should  attend  to  this  good  work  with 
much  care,  because  of  the  good  disposition  of  these  pagan 
Indians  who  formed  a fairly  large  district.  Continuing  our 
journey,  we  arrived  at  three  or  four  small  towns  containing 
pagans.  Although  we  were  lacking  food  because  it  was 
Advent,  the  Lord  provided  us  with  a good  gift  of  mushrooms 


130 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


which  we  gathered  on  the  road  in  order  to  sustain  ourselves 
with  them  in  the  shelter  we  made  for  ourselves  in  order  to 
rest  and  to  protect  ourselves  from  the  severe  colds  and  rains 
which  fell  upon  us  and  which  made  us  feel  moist  and 
drenched  us  even  to  our  tunics  and  the  documents  [we  carried 
with  us].  Our  Lord  provided  for  us  in  these  labors  with 
much  counsel  and  spirit  until  we  set  out  for  Santa  Isabel,  for 
we  passed  large  rivers,  which  owing  to  their  depth  could  not 
be  forded ; the  only  sort  of  bridge  available  was  a large  thick 
pine.  The  Indians  who  accompanied  me,  passed  over  this, 
running,  like  persons  who  had  lost  fear  of  those  dangerous 
passages,  I,  after  first  going  to  confession,  passed  over  in 
the  name  of  the  Lord,  and  in  the  name  of  holy  obedience 
given  by  my  superiors  who  placed  the  visitation  and  commis- 
sion upon  me.24 

Having  visited  the  convent  and  the  religious  of  Santa 
Isabel  and  having  preached  to  the  Indians  and  having 
examined  them  in  doctrine,  we  descended  by  a larger  river 
than  the  Tagus,  in  canoes,  to  the  people  of  the  land  of  Guale. 
We  visited  the  towns  and  the  six  priests  in  the  convent  of  San 
Jose  de  Zapala25  where  [the  Indians]  had  martyred  one  of  our 
five  martyrs.26  The  visitation  was  made,  the  chapter  of  faults, 
prayer  and  discipline  were  held,  as  in  the  other  places  referred 
to  before.  Days  before  we  had  dispatched  the  patent  and 
letter  of  convocation  to  all  the  convents  which  had  been 
visited.  The  father  commissary  and  the  father  guardians 
who  were  in  the  land  of  Guale  went  to  the  house  of  the 
chapter  where  all  the  other  fathers  with  a vote,  the  definitors 
and  guardians,  were  already  gathered. 

We  arrived  late  and  after  disembarking,  all  we  religious 
went  in  procession  with  a large  cross,  singing  the  Te  Deum 
Latidamm27  as  far  as  the  church.  There  we  gave  thanks  to 
our  Lord  that  He  joined  us  in  His  name  to  treat  of  things 
touching  His  service,  while  the  religious  consoled  one  another. 
Since  the  first  time  I visited  this  province,  two  years  before, 
they  had  not  seen  one  another  very  much,  owing  to  the  fact 
that  they  are  divided  and  dispersed  through  widely  separated 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


131 


towns.  We  rested  that  night.  On  the  following  day  we 
treated  in  definitorial  session  on  the  matters  of  the  visitation ; 
likewise,  we  held  the  chapter  of  faults.  And  in  order  that  in 
a chapter  so  poor,  religious  and  apostolic  in  spirit,  there 
would  be  no  unfortunate  occurrence,  and  after  everything 
ordered  by  the  general  statutes  had  been  diligently  attended 
to,  he  admitted,  consoled  and  qualified  the  voters  for  the  day 
determined  for  the  election. 

On  the  fourth  Sunday  of  Advent,  on  the  day  of  the 
Expectation  of  our  Lady,28  December  18,  1616,  the  father 
commissary  sang  the  Mass  of  the  Holy  Ghost,29  while  the 
father  definitors  were  deacon  and  sub-deacon30  of  the  Mass. 
Then  they  gathered  for  the  chapter.  Fray  Lorenzo  Martinez, 
formerly  master  in  Abrojo,31  preached.  It  was  a spiritual 
discourse  replete  with  the  spirit  of  devotion.  When  this  was 
over  the  father  commissary,  the  president  of  the  chapter, 
followed  and  exhorted  all  the  fathers  with  a vote  that  they 
should  elect  them,  whom,  according  to  God,  they  should  judge 
most  fit  to  be  provincial  and  definitors.  His  paternity  named 
witnesses  and  a secretary,  all  three  being  approved  persons. 
After  a vote  was  taken,  on  the  first  ballot,  Fray  Francisco 
Pare j a,  senior  definitor  of  the  past  three  years,  was  elected. 
He  had  been  working  for  the  conversion  of  the  Indians  for  the 
past  twenty-two  years  with  great  fruit  among  them.  They 
also  elected  four  definitors  canonically  according  to  the  com- 
mand of  the  general  statutes. 

The  father  commissary,  president  of  the  chapter, 
ordered  the  cross,  veil  and  candles  to  be  brought  forward ; he 
intoned  the  Te  Deum  Laudamus , and  ordered  the  procession 
to  take  place.  The  first  place  he  gave  to  the  newly  elected 
father  provincial ; the  next  place  to  the  newly  elected 
definitors,  and  after  that  came  the  definitors  of  the  past  three 
years  and  finally  the  other  members  of  the  chapter  according 
to  age.  All  this  was  done  with  grace  and  promptitude.  They 
went  to  the  church  in  procession  and  when  the  Te  Deum 
Lavdwmus  was  finished,  the  father  commissary  and  president 
ordered  the  faults  to  be  proclaimed  before  the  provincial  and 


132 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


the  newly  elected  definitors.  He  confirmed  the  provincial  and 
the  others  setting  forth  in  a short  discourse  the  testament  of 
David  to  Solomon  wherein  the  former  recommended  the 
punishment  of  Joab  and  Semei32  and  that  he  should  have 
seated  at  his  table  those  who  were  faithful  and  loyal  friends. 
He  exhorted  father  provincial  that  he  should  admit  to  the 
table  of  offices  and  honors  the  good  and  the  worthy,  and  those 
who  are  not  such,  he  should  have  the  courage  to  punish. 

And  in  order  that  they  could  be  dispatched  to  their 
missions  before  Christmas,  his  paternity  ordered  that  they 
should  gather  immediately  in  definitorial  session  to  apportion 
the  offices  of  guardians;  also  that  the  other  voters  should 
gather  for  a discretorial  meeting.33  These  latter  were  to 
propose  what  seemed  fitting  with  regard  to  the  statutes  and 
ordinances  of  the  province.  This  they  did  and  presented  their 
deliberations  to  the  definitorium  for  consultation. 

So  the  schedule  and  the  statutes  of  the  province  were 
finished  in  four  days.  And  because  the  chapter  was  close  to 
the  general  chapter,  in  which  there  had  to  be  an  election  of  a 
aistodio  according  to  the  general  statute  of  Barcelona  and 
Toledo,  his  paternity  ordered  that  they  should  proceed  to  the 
election  of  such  a custodio.  Fray  Lorenzo  Martinez,  a 
religious  of  great  merit,  was  elected.  In  this  office  he  was 
confirmed. 

That  this  is  true  we  affirm  with  our  names  in  order  that 
all  that  was  done  and  ordained  in  the  provincial  chapter  might 
appear  to  our  Most  Reverend  Fathers,  the  Vicar-General  of  the 
whole  Order  and  the  Commissary-General  of  all  the  Indies. 

Fray  Luis  Geronimo  de  Ore,  Commissary  of  Florida. 

Fray  Francisco  Pare j a,  Minister  Provincial. 

Fray  Lorenzo  Martinez. 

Fray  Bartolome  Romero. 

Fray  Juan  de  la  Cruz. 

Fray  Alonso  Pesquera. 

Fray  Francisco  Alonso  de  Jesus. 

Fray  Pedro  Ruiz. 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


133 


NOTES 

XI 

xThe  decree  of  the  commissary-general  is  extant,  in  (A.  G. 
I.  53-2-10)  F.  S.  H.  S.  phot.  The  commission  was  signed 
June  12,  1614. 

2This  chapter  then  is  the  first  provincial  chapter  ever 
held  by  Franciscans  within  the  present  limits  of  the  United 
States. 

'Governor  Trivino  de  Guillamas  ruled  1613-1618. 

4Franciscans  are  forbidden  to  ride  horseback  except  in 
case  of  “manifest  necessity  or  infirmity.”  (Rule  of  St. 
Francis) . In  this  case  Father  Ore  would  have  been  entitled  to 
use  a horse  for  the  laborious  journey,  for  it  was  a case  of 
“manifest  necessity.”  But  like  Fray  Junipero  Serra  of  later 
California  fame,  he  preferred  not  to  make  use  of  his  privilege. 

5The  St.  Johns  River,  otherwise  known  as  the  Rio  de 
Tocoy  or  the  Rio  de  San  Mateo. 

6The  same  distance  is  given  in  the  Nota  de  las  misiones 
de  la  provincia  de  la  Florida  (1655).  There  the  name  of  the 
town  is  spelled  Nacape.  Serrano  y Sanz,  Document  os 
histoHcoSy  p.  133. 

7Swanton,  Early  History  of  the  Creek  Indians , p.  323, 
locates  “Abino”  as  forty  leagues  inland  from  St.  Augustine. 
There  is  no  indication  as  to  whether  it  lay  to  the  west  or 
southwest.  Father  Ore  in  speaking  of  the  De  Soto  expedition 
writes  that  the  conqueror  passed  through  the  provinces  of 
Acuera  and  Avino  and  then  Apalache.  Acuera  was  south- 
west of  St.  Augustine.  Corroboratory  evidence  for  this 
statement  is  the  fact  that  Father  Ore  called  the  guardian  of 
Avino  to  meet  him  at  Enacape,  an  indication  of  A vino’s 
general  location.  If  Avino  had  been  in  the  direction  of  Timucua 
or  Apalache,  the  guardian  of  Avino  would  doubtless  have  been 
called  to  meet  Father  Ore  at  San  Martin  de  Timucua  or  other 
missions  further  west,  as  was  done  in  the  case  of  the  mission- 
aries residing  in  that  area.  Enacape  was  twenty  leagues 


134 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


from  St.  Augustine.  In  1855  there  was  a mission  at  Acuera 
described  as  thirty-six  leagues  from  St.  Augustine.  The 
mention  in  one  breath  of  Acuera  and  Avino  by  Father  Ore,  as 
well  as  his  action  in  calling  the  guardian  of  Avino  to  Enacape, 
together  with  the  existence  in  later  times  of  the  mission  San 
Luis  de.  Acuera,  all  point  to  the  mission’s  location  as  south- 
west of  St.  Augustine  at  a distance  of  from  thirty-six  to 
forty  leagues. 

8A  disciplinary  practice  in  religious  communities  where 
the  religious  publicly  acknowledge  some  fault  (not  a sin),  for 
which  the  superior  gives  a slight  penance. 

Suffrages,  or  suffragia , are  additional  prayers  for  a 
specified  purpose. 

10Small  cylindrical  containers  in  which  the  holy  oils  are 
kept.  The  purpose  of  the  inspection  of  the  oil-stocks  and 
baptismal  font  is  to  see  that  the  water  and  oil  which  are 
blessed  are  kept  clean  in  keeping  with  the  sacred  use  for  which 
they  are  destined. 

“This  saved  the  bishop  a special  trip  to  Florida.  Since  Fa- 
ther Ore  represented  the  minister-general  in  making  the  tour 
of  the  province,  he  could  easily  fulfill  the  obligations  imposed 
on  him  as  representative  of  the  bishop  for  all  the  parishes  and 
missions  in  Florida,  save  the  city  parish  of  St.  Augustine, 
were  under  the  care  of  Franciscan  friars.  The  parish  records 
of  St.  Augustine  likewise  state  that  Father  Ore  represented  the 
bishop  of  Cuba.  Libro  I de  Baptismos,  C onfirmaciones , 
Mmtrimonios , y Entierros  hechos  en  la  Parroqa  de  S,  Agustin 
de  la  Florida , Engelhardt  Extracts,  Santa  Barbara  Mission 
Archives,  Old  Mission,  Santa  Barbara. 

12Apalo,  between  Enacape  and  Lake  Orange. 

1 3 Very  probably  Lake  Orange.  Father  Ore  was  on  the  way 
from  Enacape  to  Potano  and  Apalache. 

“Santa  Fe  de  Teleco  was  thirty  leagues  from  St.  Augus- 
tine. Serrano  y Sanz,  Documentos  histioricos,  p.  133. 

15San  Martin  de  Timucua  called  San  Martin  de  Ayacouto 
in  1655  and  thirty-four  leagues  from  St.  Augustine.  Ibid. 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


135 


1GMission  San  Francisco  de  Potano,  twenty-five  leagues 
from  St.  Augustine.  Ibid. 

17Probably  Mission  Santa  Cruz  de  Tarica  in  1655  men- 
tioned as  fifty-four  leagues  from  St.  Augustine.  Ibid.,  132. 

18Eight  leagues  further  from  San  Martin  de  Ayacouto, 
hence  forty-two  leagues  from  St.  Augustine.  Vide  note  15 
and  text  of  Father  Ore. 

19Teleco,  namely  Mission  Sante  Fe  de  Teleco.  Vide  note 
14. 

20Cofa  is  mentioned  by  Garcilaso  de  la  Vega  as  a province 
beyond  Apalache.  However  by  1616  regular  mission  estab- 
lishments had  not  been  founded  in  Apalache,  though  friars 
visited  that  country  from  time  to  time.  It  is  not  clear  in 
what  area  Father  Ore  places  Cofa.  Vide  La  Florida  del  Inca , 
112  et  seq. 

21Guadalquini  with  its  variants  Boadalquivi,  Guaiquini, 
etc.,  was  thirty-two  leagues  north  of  St.  Augustine.  Serrano 
y Sanz,  Documentos  historicos,  p.  132. 

22No  available  lists  give  a mission  of  Santa  Isabel  de 
Utinahica.  Clearly  Father  Ore  left  the  confines  of  Apalache, 
took  a short-cut  to  Utinahica  somewhere  in  the  direction  of 
Guale.  The  land  through  which  he  passed  was  largely 
unpopulated  and  intersected  by  unfordable  streams.  From 
Utinahica  he  descended  a large  river  “larger  than  the  Tagus 
...  to  the  people  of  the  land  of  Guale.”  Hence  Utinahica  may 
be  placed  tentatively  along  the  St.  Marys  or  the  Saltilla 
River.  If  the  St.  Johns  had  been  meant  Father  Ore  most 
probably  would  have  mentioned  the  fact  that  it  was  the  same 
river  whose  course  he  followed  when  he  started  his  visitation. 
In  the  first  case  he  called  it  the  Rio  de  Tocoy.  Here  he 
merely  describes  a large  river  but  gives  it  no  name.  The  last 
station  Father  Ore  visited  in  western  Florida  before  he  left  for 
Utinahica,  was  Santa  Cruz  de  Tarihica,  fifty  leagues  from  St. 
Augustine.  Again  on  leaving  Utinahica  he  descended  a large 
river  that  took  him  to  the  land  of  Guale.  By  going  from 
Santa  Cruz  de  Tarihica  in  a direct  line  to  Utinahica  in  the 
direction  of  Guale,  he  could  have  reached  the  banks  of  either 


136 


MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA 


the  St.  Marys  or  the  Saltilla  by  travelling  the  distance  of  fifty 
leagues  which  Father  Ore  gives  as  the  distance  between  the 
two  places. 

23Tarraco,  on  the  way  between  Tarihica  and  Utinahica. 

24Evidently  Father  Ore  was  not  a swimmer.  This  incident 
is  quite  frankly  told  and  lends  a human  touch  to  the  story. 

25Mission  San  Jose  de  Zapala  was  forty-live  leagues  from 
St.  Augustine.  Serrano  y Sanz,  Docwmentos  historicos , p.  132. 

26This  island,  Sapelo,  is  opposite  Tolomato,  where  Father 
Corpa  was  martyred. 

27The  Te  Dewn  Lavdamus  or  hymn  of  praise  by  St. 
Ambrose  is  sung  on  all  joyful  occasions. 

28This  feast  is  no  longer  celebrated.  It  was  kept  to  honor 
the  expectant  Mother  of  Christ.  Christmas,  the  birthday  of 
Christ,  is  observed  on  the  25th. 

29The  Mass  of  the  Holy  Ghost  is  said  at  times  when 
heavenly  enlightenment  is  sought  for  the  happy  solution  of 
earthly  affairs.  The  Holy  Ghost,  the  Third  Person  of  the 
Blessed  Trinity,  is  invoked  as  the  fountain  of  wisdom,  under- 
standing, counsel  and  knowledge. 

30The  deacon  is  the  chief  assistant  to  the  celebrant  in  a 
solemn  high  Mass.  The  sub-deacon  is  the  next  in  rank. 

31E1  Abrojo,  Spain,  whence  Fray  Lorenzo  Martinez  left 
for  Florida. 

32XII  Kings,  ii,  5-9. 

33This  discretorial  meeting  was  of  an  advisory  character 
and  subordinate  to  the  definitorial  meeting. 


INDEX 


A 

Abrojo,  Spain,  119,  131,  136. 

Acosta,  Joseph  de,  5. 

Acuera,  6,  133,  134. 

Adelantadv , 5,  7. 

Advent,  129,  131. 

Agua  Dulce,  57,  82. 

Aguilar,  Fray  Pedro  de,  57. 

Alamo,  Father  Gonzalo,  20,  25. 
Albacete,  Spain,  67,  80. 

Albermarle  Sound,  60. 

Alexandria,  Italy,  xi. 

Andean  History,  xii. 

Antonico,  Florida,  82. 

Apalache,  6,  112,  114,  115,  116, 
117,  118,  120,  121,  122,  123,  133, 
134,  135. 

Apalo,  Florida,  127,  134. 

Apostles’  Creed,  x. 

Aragon,  65. 

Araucanians,  xv. 

Arciniega,  Sancho  de,  16. 

Arequipa,  Peru,  ix. 

Argiielles,  Bartolome,  51. 

Arias,  Fray  Pedro  de,  57. 
Arzubiaga,  Fray  Francisco  de,  66. 
Asao,  Georgia,  94,  97. 

Atahualpa  Inca,  5. 

Athanasian  Creed,  x. 

Atlantic  Ocean,  xvi;  coast,  58. 
Audiencza,  4. 

Aunon,  Spain,  69,  82. 

Aunon,  Fray  Miguel  de,  68,  74,  75, 
97. 

Aunon,  Fray  Pedro  de,  69. 
Avengozar,  Fray  Miguel,  56,  61,  62. 
Avila,  Fray  Francisco  de,  xv,  xvi, 


Avinu  (Avino),  6,  126,  133,  134. 
Aymara,  Indian  language,  x,  xi. 


B 

Badajoz,  Spain,  83;  province  of,  12. 
Badajoz,  Fray  Antonio  de,  72,  74, 
75,  83,  97. 

Baez,  Brother  Domingo  Agustin, 
25. 

Bahama  Channel,  17,  53. 

Banuelos,  Diego  de,  12. 

Barcelona,  132. 

Barlovento,  3. 

Bayamo,  Cuba,  67,  80. 

Bayona,  Captain,  16. 

Beniny,  Island  of,  8. 

Bermejo,  Fray  Pedro,  67. 
Bermuda,  17,  49,  53,  61,  65. 
Beteta,  Fray  Gregorio  de,  13. 
Biscay,  Bay  of,  31. 

Bodie  Island,  60. 

Bonilla,  Fray  Francisco  de,  70. 
Brazil,  Indian  languages,  xi. 
Buenos  Aires,  63. 

Burgos,  Province  of,  71. 
Bustamente,  Fray  Martin  de,  124. 


C 

Cabeza  de  Vaca,  Alvar  Nunez,  5, 

11,  122. 

Ca^acolo,  46,  56. 

Cadiz,  46,  50,  58,  62,  65. 

Calderon,  35. 

Caloosa  Indians,  18. 

Calvert  County,  Maryland,  58. 
Caminha,  Portugal,  62. 


70,  76,  78,  86,  93,  95,  96,  97,  99, 
Aviles,  Spain,  30. 

137 


138 


Index 


Campos,  Province  of,  8. 

Canary  Islands,  65. 

Cancer,  Fray  Luis,  7. 

Candlemas,  Feast  of,  23. 

Cape  Canaveral,  16,  30,  68,  80,  109. 
Cape  Charles,  58. 

Cape  Hatteras,  60. 

Cape  Henry,  58. 

Cape  San  Juan,  44,  58. 

Cape  Trafalgar,  44,  58,  60. 

Capilla,  Fray  Juan  Bautista,  108, 
110,  124. 

Caravanchel,  Spain,  80. 

Car§a,  Fray  Matheo  de,  124. 
Caribbean,  9,  58,  65. 

Caribs,  10. 

Carlos  iBay,  16,  30. 

Carlos  Indians,  18. 

Carrera,  Brother  Juan  de,  25. 

Casa  de  Uzeda,  Spain,  69. 
Cassamarca,  Peru,  5. 

Castahar,  Spain,  69,  81. 

Castaneda,  Pedro  de,  11. 

Castille,  42,  45,  49,  50,  51,  66,  68, 
69,  70,  71,  119. 

Castillo,  Fray  Francisco  del,  56. 
Castillo,  Fray  Rafael  de,  57. 
Castillo  de  Ahedo,  Baltasar  del, 
40. 

Catholic  Armada,  31. 

Catholic  Kings,  3. 

Cavezas,  Fray  Alonso,  56. 

Cayagua  (Charlestown),  44,  48,  58. 
Cebadilla,  Juan  de,  51. 

Cecil  County,  Maryland,  60. 
Charles  V of  Spain,  4,  5,  7. 
Chesapeake  Bay,  25,  58,  59,  60,  63. 
Chicora,  4. 

Chiloe  Indians,  Chile,  xiv. 
Christmas,  Feast  of,  132,  136. 
Chunchos  Indians,  Peru,  118,  123. 
Columbus,  Bartholomew,  9. 
Columbus,  Christopher,  3. 

Cofa,  Florida,  128,  135. 


Collaguas,  Peru,  ix. 
Commemoration  of  All  Souls,  110. 
Commissary,  82,  110,  125. 
Commissary  of  New  Spain,  70. 
Commissary-general  of  the  Indies, 
66,  78,  80,  119,  132. 
Commissary-general  of  Jerusalem, 
68. 

Concepcion,  Chile,  xiii,  xiv. 
Concepcion,  Spain,  Province  of, 
xiii,  119,  129. 

Cordova,  Spain,  xii,  xiii,  123. 
Coronado,  Francisco,  5. 

Corpa,  Fray  Pedro  de,  57,  71,  74, 
76,  83,  84. 

Corpus  Christi,  Feast  of,  55. 
Cotocochuni,  Florida,  116,  121. 
Council  of  the  Indies,  39,  119. 
Croatan  Sound,  60. 

Cruz,  Fray  Basilio  le  la,  124. 
Cruz,  Fray  Francisco  de  la,  57. 
Cruz,  Fray  Juan  de  la,  124,  132. 
Cuba,  xiii,  xiv,  3,  6,  15,  53,  59,  125, 
134. 

Cumberland  Island,  Georgia,  57. 

See  San  Pedro. 

Custodia , 82. 

Custodio,  81,  82,  104. 

Cuzco,  Peru,  ix,  x,  xi,  5,  73,  118. 


D 

David,  132. 

Delgado,  Fray,  108. 

Diaz  Franco,  Pedro,  49,  61. 

Diaz  y Rojas,  Luisa,  ix. 

Discalced  Friars,  83. 

Dominicans,  6,  13. 

Don  Enrique  of  Portugal,  3. 

Don  Francisco,  Indian  chief,  99. 
Don  Juan  (Juanillo)  of  Tolomato, 
83,  84,  99. 

Don  Juan,  chief  of  San  Pedro,  98. 


Index 


139 


Dona  Maria,  Indian  chieftainess, 
54. 

Dorantes,  11. 

Dorchester  County,  Maryland,  58. 
Drake,  Francis,  42,  55,  58,  61,  62. 


E 

Easter,  Feast  of,  3,  79. 

El  Principe , 37. 

England,  52,  53,  62,  97. 

Entre  Minho  E Duoro,  Portugal, 
62. 

Eraso,  Don  Cristobal,  37. 
Escamacu,  20,  33,  34,  35. 

Escobedo,  Fray  Alonso  de,  56,  57, 
80,  83. 

Escorial,  50. 

Espiritu  Santo  Bay,  6. 

Espogache,  Indian  chief,  99. 
Estevan,  11. 

Estremadura,  Spain,  81. 
Expectation  of  Our  Lady,  Feast  of, 
131. 


F 

Fernandez,  Luis,  42. 

Fernandez  de  Chozas,  Fray  Pedro, 
68,  80,  81,  98. 

Fernandez  de  Ecija,  Francisco,  51, 
63,  99. 

Fernandez  de  Olivera,  Juan,  117, 
122,  123. 

Fernandina,  3. 

Flores,  Alvaro,  56. 

Florida,  xii,  xiii,  xv,  xvi,  3,  5,  7, 
20,  21,  30,  35,  41,  43,  44,  57,  65, 
66,  73,  78,  80,  82,  99,  100,  108, 
110,  111,  112,  120,  124,  128,  133. 

Fort  Caroline,  14,  18. 


France,  81,  97,  126. 

Franciscans,  6,  13,  56,  79,  81,  122, 
133. 

Franciscan  Rule,  79. 

Fresh  Water  District,  57,  See  Agua 
Dulce. 

Friars  Minor,  81.  See  Franciscans. 
Fuentes,  13. 

Fustamente,  Fray,  57. 


G 

Galicia,  Spain,  83. 

Gallegos,  Juan  de,  13. 

Gallegos,  Rodrigo  de,  12. 

Garcia,  Fray  Juan,  13. 

Garcilaso  de  la  Vega,  xii,  xiii,  123, 
135. 

Gentleman  of  Elvas,  12,  110,  120, 
122,  123. 

Georgia,  xiii,  xvi,  57,  81. 

Glavid  (Glavin),  David,  49,  61,  62. 
Gomez,  Fray,  57. 

Gomez,  Brother  Gabriel,  26. 
Gonzales,  Andres,  51. 

Gonzales,  Vincente,  21,  28,  29,  30, 
44,  45,  47,  49,  61. 

Gordillo,  Francisco  de,  10. 
Granada,  Fray  Luis  de,  93,  97. 
Greater  India,  11. 

Grenville,  Richard,  61. 
Guadalajara,  Spain,  67,  80,  82. 
Guadalupe,  Fray  Juan  de,  100. 
Guadalquivir  River,  58. 

Guadiana  River,  83. 

Guale,  xv,  xvi,  20,  33,  35,  36,  41, 
43,  57,  71,  72,  73,  74,  81,  83,  84, 
95,  99,  100,  101,  128,  130.  135. 
Guamanga,  Peru,  ix. 

Guanuco,  Peru,  ix. 

Guarani,  Indian  language,  xi. 
Guatemala,  82. 


140 


Index 


H 

Hampdon  Roads,  60. 

Hartford  County,  Maryland,  60. 
Havana,  xvi,  7,  15,  30,  35,  42,  44, 
49,  50,  63,  64,  65,  68,  71,  78,  125. 
Hayti,  62. 

Henrlquez  de  Toledo,  Fray  Alonso, 
bishop  of  Cuba,  xiv. 

Hispaniola,  3,  59,  62. 

H ojeda,  Fray,  57. 

Holy  Cross,  Commander  of  the,  31. 
Holy  Land,  81. 

Holy  Thursday,  66. 

Holy  Week,  66. 


I 

Icaste,  Florida,  42,  56. 

Inca  Indians,  73. 

Indies,  xiii;  West  Indies,  xiv,  78, 
79. 

Inihayca,  Florida,  117,  122. 

Italy,  xi,  81,  126. 


J 

Jacan,  20,  21,  24,  28,  30,  41,  44,  55, 
61,  62,  63,  65. 

Jamaica,  3,  59. 

Jamestown,  32,  64. 

Jekyl  Island,  85,  97. 

Jesus,  Fray  Francisco  Alonso  de, 
124,  132. 

Joab,  132. 

Job,  24. 

Jordan  River,  4. 

Judas,  22. 

Juitachuco,  Florida,  116,  117,  121, 
123. 

Junco,  Rodrigo  de,  51. 


K 

Kent  Island,  Maryland,  59, 


L 

Lake  George,  Florida,  57. 

Lake  Orange,  Florida,  134. 

Lara,  Alonso  de,  21,  23,  24,  28,  29, 
34. 

Lara,  Juan  de,  20,  28,  29,  35. 

La  Tama.  See  Tama. 

Laudonniere,  Rene  de,  14. 

La  Yeguana,  49,  62. 

Lembri,  Francisco,  63,  64. 

Lent,  66,  79. 

Lent,  Seraphic,  79. 

Lent  of  the  Epiphany,  79. 

Leon,  Spain,  3. 

Lesser  Antilles,  9. 

Lima,  ix,  x,  xii. 

Linares,  Brother  Pedro  de,  25. 
Lisbon,  64. 

London,  64. 

Lopez,  Antonio,  98. 

Lopez,  Fray  Atanasio,  xiii. 

Lopez,  Fray  Baltasar,  48,  57,  61, 
71,  83. 

Los  Angeles,  Province  of,  100,  108, 

112. 

Lucayas,  10. 


M 

Madeira,  3. 

Madre  de  Dios  Bay,  20,  21,  30,  44, 
48. 

Madrid,  xv,  68,  77,  78. 

Maldonado,  11. 

Maldonado,  Juan,  of  Cuzco,  118. 
Manrique  de  Rojas,  Hernan,  7. 
Manzano,  Fray,  57. 


Index 


141 


Mme  Clausum,  65. 

Marron,  Fray  Francisco,  xvi,  71, 
72,  78,  81,  82,  83. 

Martinez,  Bartolome,  38. 

Martinez,  Fray  Lorenzo,  xiii,  123, 
124,  131,  132,  136. 

Martinez,  Father  Pedro,  25. 
Martinez  de  Avendano,  Domingo, 
51,  62,  66,  73,  83,  95. 

Martyr  Islands  (Los  Martires),  17, 
18,  19. 

Matacumbe,  17. 

Matanzas  Bar,  16. 

Mazariegos,  Diego,  7. 

Mendez,  Brother  Juan  Bautista,  26. 
Mendez  de  Canzo,  Gonzalo,  62,  81, 
84,  85,  95,  99,  100,  108. 
Menendez,  Don  Juan,  17. 
Menendez,  Dona  Catalina,  35. 
Menendez,  Doha  Marla,  30. 
Menendez  de  Aviles,  Pedro,  15,  20, 
25,  30. 

Menendez  Marques,  Juan,  44,  48, 
49,  50,  51,  56,  61. 

Menendez  Marques,  Pedro,  40,  41, 
49,  50,  51,  55. 

Mendoza,  Don  Antonio  de,  5. 
Mendoza,  Father,  18. 

Mexico,  82,  110,  111. 

Miami,  25. 

Minister-general,  81. 

Miranda,  Gutierre  de,  37,  51. 
Miranda,  Hernando  de,  35,  123. 
Miruelo,  4. 

Mission  San  Buenaventura,  Guadal- 
quini,  109. 

Mission  Santo  Domingo,  Asao,  94. 
Mississippi  River,  13. 

Mobjack  Bay,  58. 

Mochica  Indian  language,  xi. 
Molina,  Don  Diego  de,  52,  63. 
Moloa,  108. 

Montes,  Fray  Bias  de,  66,  80,  84. 
Moreno,  Miguel,  39. 


Moscoso  de  Alvarado,  Luis  de,  13. 
Mosquito  Bar,  109. 

Moyamo,  Captain,  38. 

N 

Nabos,  Fray  Alonso  de,  124. 
Nantes,  France,  61. 

Naples,  xi. 

Narvaez,  Panfilo  de,  5. 
Newfoundland,  11. 

New  Mexico,  11. 

New  Spain,  5,  44. 

Nicene  Creed,  x. 

Nombre  de  Dios,  Panama,  51,  62. 
Nombre  de  Dios,  Florida,  41,  43, 
54,  62,  82,  112. 

Norfolk,  Virginia,  58,  60. 
Northeast,  Maryland,  59. 

O 

Olatora,  Diego  de,  39. 

Olmos,  Alonso,  26. 

Orista,  38. 

Ore,  Don  Antonio  de,  ix. 

Ore,  Fray  Antonio  de,  ix. 

Ore,  Fray  Dionisio  de,  ix. 

Ore,  Fray  Luis  Geronimo  de,  ix,  x, 
xi,  xii,  xiii,  xiv,  xv,  61,  80,  82, 
83,  86,  96,  97,  104,  110,  112,  121, 
123,  125,  126,  133,  134,  135,  136. 
Ore,  Fray  Pedro  de,  ix. 

Ortiz,  Fray  Alonso,  124. 

Ortiz,  Juan,  11. 

Ospo.  See  Jekyl  Island. 

Oviedo,  Fray,  57. 

P 

Pacific  Ocean,  xvi. 

Palestine,  81. 


142 


Index 


Palm  Sunday,  120. 

Panama,  isthmus,  62. 

Pareja,  Fray  Francisco,  xii,  xiii, 
xvi,  69,  82,  98,  104,  108,  109,  110, 
ill,  114,  131,  132. 

Parina  Cocha,  Peru,  x. 

Paris,  Dionisio  de,  12. 

Paris,  University  of,  79. 

Parris  Island,  18. 

Pascua  Florida , 3. 

Pastrana,  Captain  Alonso  de,  124. 
Pater  Provinciaey  82. 

Patuxent  River,  58. 

Perez,  Fray  Alonso,  57. 

Perez,  Marco  Antonio,  52,  63,  64, 
65. 

Peru,  ix,  xi,  xiv,  xv,  5,  44,  57,  82, 
119,  123,  125. 

Pesquera,  Fray  Alonso,  124,  132. 
Philip  II  of  Spain,  15,  66,  99. 
Philip  III  of  Spain,  64,  100. 

Philip  IV  of  Spain,  xv. 

Pizarro,  Francisco,  5. 

Pinzon,  Gines,  47. 

Pogo,  Francisco  de,  12. 

Pohoi,  Florida,  6. 

Point  Mayci,  49,  62. 

Ponce  de  Leon,  Juan,  3,  4. 

Poplar  Island,  59. 

Poreallo  de  Figueroa,  Vasco,  6. 
Port  Royal,  14.  See  Santa  Elena. 
Portugal,  62. 

Posadas,  Juan  de,  49,  51. 

Potomac  River,  58,  59. 

Potano,  112,  114,  116,  117,  120, 
121,  128,  134. 

Potosi,  Peru,  x. 

Prieto,  Fray  Martin,  xvi,  108,  112, 

121. 

Prado,  Captain  Antonio  de,  60. 
Puerto  Rico,  3,  49,  53,  62,  69. 
Puquina,  Indian  language,  xi. 
Purification,  Feast  of,  23. 


Q 

Quechua,  Indian  language,  x,  xi. 
Quexos,  Pedro,  10. 

Quiros,  Father  Luis  de,  26. 


R 

Raya,  Don  Antonio  de  la,  x. 
Recollects,  81. 

Redondo,  Brother  Cristobal,  26. 
Reformati,  81. 

Reinoso,  Fray  Alonso,  42,  43,  50, 
56,  57,  62,  71. 

Reyes,  Fray  Gaspar  de  los,  57. 
Ribaut,  Jean,  13,  15,  16. 

Roanoke  Colony,  55,  58,  61. 
Roanoke  Island,  60,  61. 

Roanoke  Sound,  60. 

Rocha,  Fray  Francisco  de  la,  13. 
Rodriguez,  Fray  Bias,  71,  83,  84, 
85. 

Rodriguez,  Fray  Diego  de,  124. 
Rogel,  Father  Juan,  25. 

Rome,  xi. 

Ruiz,  Brother,  26. 

Ruiz,  Fray  Pedro,  57,  69,  82,  100, 
107,  132. 

Ruiz  de  Pereda,  Don  Gaspar,  63. 


S 

St.  Anthony  of  Padua,  84. 

St.  Augustine,  Florida,  xiv,  xvi,  15, 
16,  20,  28,  35,  41,  42,  43,  50,  51, 
56,  57,  63,  72,  73,  80,  84,  85,  90, 
93,  96,  99,  108,  112,  114,  117,  118, 
120,  121,  123,  125,  126,  128,  133, 
134,  135. 

St.  Bonaventure,  79. 

St.  Bonaventure,  Feast  of,  66. 

St.  Catherines  Island,  57,  85. 


Index 


143 


St.  Francis  of  Assisi,  79,  81. 

St.  Francis,  Feast  of,  72,  94,  97,  98. 

St.  Francis  Borgia,  26. 

St.  Francis  Solano,  xi,  xiv. 

St.  Ignatius  of  Antioch,  23. 

St.  Ignatius  Loyola,  27. 

St.  Johns  River,  Florida,  13,  14,  57, 
120,  126,  133. 

St.  John  the  Baptist,  Feast  of,  46. 

St.  Marys  County,  Maryland,  59. 

St.  Marys  River,  Georgia,  135,  136. 

Sts.  Peter  and  Paul,  Feast  of,  47, 
60. 

St.  Thomas  Aquinas,  79. 

San  Andres,  Fray  Estevan  de,  100. 

Salamanca,  Spain,  11. 

Salcedo,  Brother  Juan,  31. 

Saltilla  River,  135,  136. 

San  Antonio  de  Enacape,  Florida, 
43,  57,  126,  127,  133. 

San  Buenaventura,  Florida,  114, 
117. 

San  Buenaventura  de  Guadalquini, 
Georgia,  109,  128,  135. 

San  Francisco,  California,  xvi. 

San  Francisco,  Florida,  112,  113, 
120,  127,  135. 

San  Francisco,  Fray  Antonio  de, 
124. 

San  Gabriel,  Province  of,  71,  72, 
83,  85. 

San  Gregorio,  Fray  Pedro  de,  69. 

San  Jose  de  Zapala,  Georgia,  130, 
136. 

San  Juan  Cape,  60. 

San  Juan  de  las  Penas,  46. 

San  Juan  de  Guacara,  Florida,  128, 
129. 

San  Juan  del  Puerto,  Florida,  18, 
56,  57, 

San  Lucar,  Spain,  44,  50,  51,  58, 
65,  69. 

San  Luis  de  Acuera,  Florida,  134. 


San  Martin,  Florida,  115,  127,  128, 
133,  134. 

San  Mateo,  7,  15,  18,  36. 

San  Miguel,  Florida,  113,  114. 

San  Nicolas  Cape,  49,  62. 

San  Nicolas,  Fray  Juan  de,  57,  72, 
83. 

San  Pablo,  Georgia,  43. 

San  Pedro,  Georgia,  (Cumberland 
Island),  43,  48,  51,  56,  57,  60,  61, 
71,  74,  94,  97,  98,  108. 

San  Pedro  River  (Potomac),  45. 

San  Roman  C'ape,  44,  58,  60. 

San  Sebastian,  Florida,  41,  43,  54. 

San  Servas,  Spain,  8. 

Santa  Ana,  Florida,  113. 

Santa  Ana,  Fray  Juan  de,  57. 

Santa  Barbara,  California,  134. 

Santa  Barbara,  Florida,  129. 

Santa  Barbara,  Feast  of,  129. 

Santa  Elena,  South  Carolina,  xvi, 
4,  16,  17,  20,  21,  28,  33,  34,  35, 
36,  37,  40,  41,  42,  43,  44,  56,  119, 
123. 

Santa  Elena,  Province  of,  xiii,  112. 

Santa  Fe  de  Teleco,  127,  128,  134, 
135. 

Santa  Isabel  de  Utinahica,  129, 
130,  135,  136. 

Santa  Maria,  Timucua,  108. 

Santa  Maria,  Fray  Miguel  de,  124. 

Santander,  Spain,  25. 

Santiago  de  Compostella,  xiii,  83. 

Santiago  de  Coparaque,  Peru,  ix, 
x. 

Santiago,  Order  of,  4,  31. 

Santiago,  Province  of,  72. 

Santo  Domingo,  Hispaniola,  3,  4, 
49,  51,  53, 

Sapelo  Island,  Georgia,  57,  83,  97, 
130,  136. 

Sedeno,  Father  Antonio,  25. 

Segovia,  Spain,  50. 


144 


INDEX 


Segura,  Juan  Bautista  de,  22,  24. 
Semei,  132. 

Serra,  Fray  Junipero,  133. 

Serrano,  Fray  Alonso,  114,  118. 
Seville,  xiii,  21,  58,  78. 

Sierra  Morena,  Spain,  108. 

Silva,  Fray  Juan  de,  66,  72. 

Smith  Island,  58. 

Smith  Point,  Virginia,  58. 

Society  of  Jesus,  20,  45,  56. 

Solis,  Captain,  36,  39. 

Solis,  Brother  Gabriel  de,  26. 
Solomon,  132. 

Soto,  Hernando  de,  110,  113,  120. 
Soto,  Luis  de,  12,  13. 

Smith  Carolina,  13,  18. 

Spain,  ix,  x,  xi,  xiii,  xiv,  xv,  3,  7, 
20,  22,  28,  30,  33,  37,  51,  57,  62, 
65,  68,  69,  70,  72,  81,  82,  97,  111, 
119,  121,  123,  124,  126. 
Susquehanna  River,  59,  60. 


T 

Tacatacoru  (Cumberland  Island), 
60. 

Tagus  River,  130. 

Talahassee,  Florida,  121. 
Talarrubias,  Spain,  70,  82. 

Talaxe,  Georgia,  108. 

Tama,  Georgia,  68,  80,  81,  119. 
Tari,  Florida,  129. 

Tarihica  (Tarica),  Florida,  121, 
128,  129,  135,  136. 

Tarma,  Peru,  123. 

Tarraco,  Florida,  129. 

Tegesta,  Florida,  26. 

Tendilla,  Spain,  67,  80. 

Texeda,  Juan  de,  42. 

Texas,  11. 

Tierra  Firme,  50,  62. 

Timucua,  108,  114,  116,  117,  120, 
128,  129,  133. 


Timucuan  Indians,  26,  71. 

Tocoy,  Florida,  82. 

Toledo,  Spain,  70,  132. 

Toledo,  Kingdom  of,  7. 

Toledo,  Don  Francisco  de,  119,  123. 
Tolomato,  Georgia,  43,  57,  73,  83, 
84,  99. 

Tolosa,  Fray  Diego  de,  13. 
Torquemada,  Fray,  57. 

Torres,  Juan  de,  13. 

Torres,  Fray  Antonio  de,  124. 

Toro  Testillano,  Fray  Francisco, 

124. 

Trajan,  Roman  Emperor,  27. 

Trejo,  Fray  Antonio  de,  xiii,  119. 
Trejo,  Fray  Fernando  de,  x. 
Trinidad,  Fray  Juan  de  la,  83,  85, 
86. 

Trinitarians,  6,  13. 

Trivino  de  Guillamas,  Juan,  126, 
133. 

Trujillo,  Peru,  ix. 

Tucuman,  Argentina,  x,  xi. 
Tulafina,  Georgia,  88,  96. 

Tupiqui,  Georgia,  43,  57,  75,  85, 
108. 

Twelve  Apostles,  Province  of,  ix, 

125. 


U 

Ufalage,  Georgia,  88. 
United  States,  xvi,  133. 


V 

Valdescopezo,  Spain,  119. 
Valdesoto,  Spain,  70. 

Valenzuela,  Fray  Geronimo  de,  x. 
Valladolid,  Spain,  6. 

Valle  de  Juaja,  Peru,  x. 

Vasquez  de  Ayllon,  Lucas,  4. 


Index 


145 


Vega  Castro  y Pardo,  Damian  de 
la,  122. 

Velasco,  Diego,  29,  30,  33,  37. 
Velasco,  Luis  de,  Viceroy,  25. 
Velasco,  Luis  de,  cacique , 20,  21, 
22,  23,  24,  28,  29,  30,  45. 
Velasquez,  Captain,  25. 

Verascola,  Fray  Francisco  de,  70, 
81,  93,  98. 

Vernal,  Clemente,  54. 

Viana,  51. 

Viana  de  Camina,  50. 

Vianna  do  Castillo,  Portugal,  62. 
Vigo,  Fray,  57. 

Villanueva  de  Barcarrota,  Spain,  5. 
Villareal,  Brother  Francisco,  25. 
Villasilos,  Spain,  119. 


Viniegra,  Fray  Pedro  de,  70,  82. 
Virginia,  64,  65. 

Vivanco,  Fray  Juan  de,  xiii,  125. 


Y 

Ybarra,  Pedro  de,  51,  63,  100,  108, 
117,  119,  120,  122. 

York  River,  58. 


Z 

Zapala  Island.  See  Sapelo  Island . 
Zaragossa,  Spain,  68. 

Zeballos,  Brother  Sancho,  26. 


.«r  '*r  y 


34924 


■r 


CATHOLIC  THEOLOGICAL  UNION 
BX36HU*Nfr*8  C001 

...  THE  MARTYRS  OF  FLORIDA  (1513-1616) 


6X 

Oil 

\M1 


X 


HEN  taking  out  this 
book , please  write  name  and  date  on 
card  and  place  card  in  CARD-DROP, 


G\ 


LEASE  see  that  this 
book  is  returned  ON  TIME:  others 
may  be  waiting  for  it. 


C\ 


JNDLY  refrain  from  de- 
facing this  book  in  any  way,  and  also 
from  leaving  MARKERS  of  any  kind 
between  the  pages. 


X 


.X 


