

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-18 page 1 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-18/ed-1/?sp=1 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:47Z ========

REPOSTS FROM THE COURTS.
Location of the Several Courts of
Cook Countv.
Yesterday’s Business—Documents
Received,
Directory.
LOCATION OF COURTS AND CLERKS.
The several courts of Cook County have lo
cated themselves in the High School buildings,
occupying tbo main building and the frame
house known ns the East High School building.
The disposition of tbc several rooms is shown by
the following directory:
MAIN BUILDING.
Room 1. Circuit Court: Coratr.on Lair.
T. Clerk of Criminal Court. 8. State's
Attorney’s office. 9. Jury r-om:
10, Criminal Court room; 11, Superior Court
room; 12. Superior Court room; 13. Coroner's
office and County Physician: 11. Clerk Superior
Court: 15 County Treasurer’s office; IC. Record
er’s office. 17. County Clerk; IS. County Court.
EAST BUILDING.
Circuit Court Clerk. Chancery rooms and Mas- i
tors in Chancery.’ Judge Jameson, the Chief!
Justice nod Chancellor of the Superior Court,
sits in tho public school building adjacent to the
JlighSch- ol premises.
Circuit Court.
NEW SUIT-
Jeremiah Clowry vs. Joseph and Caroline
Lab*. appeal from DeWolf.
—An action ol trespass for an assault was com
mcncid by Cordelia Hall against William 11.
Hayes and W. Ross, in which the damages are
laid ui 52.U00- A capias was sued out.
SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE.
A bill was filed by George P. Rose, and an In
junction sued out against L. R. More. The ob
ject of this bill -is to compel the specific per
formance of an alleged contract for the sale
and purchase of the premises No. 250
Park avenue,between HoyneandL*aviU streets.
The complainant states that on tie 21st of Sep
tember Inst be contracted to buy and defendant
agreed to sell the premises lor £4,350. Early dur
ing the present month, on the 2d. he avers -this
contract was changed so that he should, upon
certain improvements being made, pay $3,100. Ho
charges that since tbc fire the dcfendaut dcclincs
to czecato his contract, nnd injunction issued to
restrain defendant from leasing or conveying
oiQerwiiC then to complainant.
Superior Court.
ATTACHMENT.
A suit was commenced by-oUachmeiit against
John A. SiUeheiber, alleged to be anon res!-
by Revert C. Gunauisin, clsAcs on
indebtedness due.to him of $1,853. This is the
renewal of a suit, bronsbt some time since,
which was dismissed.
County Court.
ucckshs.
The attention of the Cu-rk or tho county, nod
bis deputies, is mainly devoted t> the issuing of
in:irr 4 rxc licenses. S:oce tho record was closed
by the Crc, there Save been issued seventy liceo
snß. Oa the 21th, 2: on the 12th. 7; on tbo
lS;h, S; ouih'ilSih, 17: on the 16:h, 21; and
on yesterday H.
Recorder's Office,
THE BUSINESS.
The business of receiving documents for re
cord CJinmoncch on Monday. Tuere ::nv ...i.-u
twenty-three instruments file 1 iu.se. five
have reference iw subsequent
t.» the lire.
Tlk-- t* I >u< recorded include: Trust
-I cuattul mortgages. 7; mortgages, 4:
•mu claims’, 3; warrauteo deeds, 3; release
deed. 1.
Tho conveyances made since the fire, recorded,
are us fallows:
John E. Dean to Jared W. Deans, warrantee
died lor 2 lots, with an cist front on Wabash
avenue, of fitly feet, in Block S. Wentworth s
Subdivision; also oil feet iu Block 2 Pryor A
others'subdivision: and ou interest iu a con
trail *»f purchase and sale of 100 feet front oa
Michigan avenue, in Block 5, of tac> same sub
division. _
Jtihn P. Downer to Wilhelmtaa D-iwocr.
warrantee deed of October 12, ol sub-lot 9. Lot
2. Dlock 33, C.inal Trustee*’ Subdivision of Lot
4, of Lot 2, Diock 38, Cuual Xrusicr-a’ Subdivis
ion, in the west halt soutaeas: quarter, .Section
21,1ff,14. tN.--125 Canalport avenue).
THE IXSIiBAXCI! EXHIBIT.
The latest accounts of the insurance losses iu
the fire if Chicago make the following exhibit,
watch wc have compiled for the benefit of those
interested:
NEW YOltK COMPANIES.
(rrost Asset*,
\,tytc Jan. 1.1871. Lasse*.
Afina'. City $442,709 SAJO.WK)
Adriatic, City 5.0G3
Agricultural, Watertown.... 559,843
Albany, Albany -*GL97B
Albany city. Albany 390.016 Suspended
American, I*., City 741,405 15,00J
American Exchange, City... 277.3:0 16.000
Aster, City 405.571 5-90.090
Atlantic. City 556.179 259.090
Beckman, Ci;y 261,851 Suipei-ded
Buffalo City. Bulla; 370,954 500,000
Buffalo Fire and Mcrtnc,
Buffalo 473,577 500.000
Buffalo German, Bull'a.o..— 279.481 5,000
Capital City, Albany 293,766
Citizens. P., Cuy 634.793 25,000
Cliuion. C'ty 392.704 3,000
Columbia, City 451,322 3,000
Commerce, Albany 692,877 10.000
Commerce d ir*-, City 249.372 IS.Ob'O
Commercial,-City 396,092 5,010
Continental, P..Ouy 2,533.033 800.000
Excelsior, City 335.744 Suspended
Exchange, City 3 89,959
Firemen's, Oiiy—2 360.961 IS.OiO
Firemen's Fund. Cuy 173,477 100.00J
Fireman's Trust, City 226,269 20,000
Fulton, City 363,002 Ad 700,000
Germania, City 1.077,849 235.000
Glen's Falls, UUn's Fulli... 571,123 10.000
Guardian, City 279,683 40,000
Hanover. P.. City 700,335 225.000
Hoffman, City 235,242 *IO,OOO
Holland Purchase. Batavia 171,426
Home, City 4.578.093 Ad 2.00X009
i»6,«oi Lio.UUO
Humbjtdt. Cuy 251,166 lU.UOO
Importers' ami Traders',
C.ty 302,539 22.503
Intcruaiionai. City 1,: 19,476 400,000
irvirg. City 321,745 risks
Jefferson, City 411.155 47,500
Kings Ceunty, City 262,573 30,009
LalayfU--, L 1., Cuy 214,751 7,500
Lamar, Cuy 551.4&2 200,000
Lenox, City 240.801 39.009
Long Island, I*., Cuy 8J4,91i2
Lorillurd, City 1.715,909 SJO,OOO
Manhattan, Cuy 1.4J7.78S 500,000
Market. P.. City 704,634 fcjusjijd.
Mechanics’. L. 1.. Cuy 218.047 22,0U0
Mechanics’ and Tracers’,
City.~ 460,002
Mercantile, City 273,399 100.000
McrcuanU’, Cuy 442,690 15,00U
Nassau. L. City 391,518
National, City., 232,671 15,000
New Amsterdam, I*., City... 432.G38 40.00J
N. Y. Central, Union bp’gs. 2U1,864
New York Fire, City 392,278 15,000
Niagara, City 1,304,567 225,000
North American, Cuy......... 770.305 250,000
North Kivcr* -City 40i,426
Pacific, City...... 443,557 12,500
Peter Cuonor, City 295.724
Pbeaiz, L. 1., Cuy 1.5y.'.010 350 t uuu
Relief, Cuy 81u.UoS 10,009
Republic, Cuy 683.478 225,00
Resolute, City 252.452 75.U00
Schenectady,
tjecunty, Cuy 3,880.333 Ad 1,000.000
Sterling, City 247,027 7,500
Tradesmens’, Cuy 423,161 25,000
Washington, P-, Cuy 774,411 409,000
Williamsburgh City, Cuy... 539.692 70,000
•Yonkers and N. Y., City..— 863,1*63 300,009
Western, of Buffalo 582,547 609,000
MASSACHUSETTS COMPANIES.
Eliot, BosKm 672.212 12.003
Hide and Lsatuer 419.000 700.0u0
Independent 646.00U Suspended
Lan.vuC B-jSIoU 262,502 12,000
Manutaclurcrs’ 1,480,464 350,009
Merchants’ 958.U0J 10,000
National 821,844 500,000
Peoples’ Worcester 887,750 203,000
New England Mot- Marine. 1.0.W3 700.00 i»
IVashiogtoo, Boston 935.975 25.000
OHIO COMPANIES.
Aiemania, Cleveland 285,000 25.000
Andes, Cincinnati 1.203,000 300,000
Cleveland, Cleveland 530,WH) 175.000
Globe.. 178,143 25,000
Home. Cniumbos 037,947 350,009
Sun, C.i «laud 391,340 75,000
MISSOURI COMPANIES.
Amer.’’.antral, St. Louis—.. 254.875 350.000
Anchor.— 121,974 27,009
Boatmen’s 51,788 20,000
Chouteau 21,803 25.000
Citizens’ 271,000 25.000
CONNECTICUT COMPANIES.
Hartford 6.762,635 2,000,000
•£tns
City, Hart-lord 1 554/237 225,090
Charter Oak, llartiord 251,951 209,000
Connecticut, Hartford. 495.069 Suspended
Fairfield County, Nuruatk. 216,358 30,000
Hartford, llarti.ol 2.737.510 1/290,009
Merchants’, U«i f 0rd..—... 510 090 350.000
Phosaix. liarlf.i 1,717,947 700,(00
Putnam, Uartfor.' 785,788 425,000
niIODL ISLAND COMPANIES.
American, Proviu ace- 274,069 400,000
Atlantic, Providen- 326,614 275,000
Hope, Providence 211,b>3 150,000
Merchants*, Proviueuce 372.199 13,000
N:-ragan.set, Providence 792.917 33,000
IT.-Yiacncc. Washington,
J ,-evidence 415.149 550.090
R- .*cr Williams,Pri*videi»c»- 279.946 100.000
UAISE COMPANIES.
National, I* -.ngor 241.000 17,500
U *4OO, JJa. 421,00'J 5.009
MICHIGAN COMPANIES.
D roll F. e and Marine 273,000 30,000
WISCONSIN COMPANIES.
Brewer.-, i'.-meet.vc .‘S'uoo
v w I, itu>ii:L 19X.202 90,000
it" Pain Fircnu -i«n..c.... 280.090 60.060
A«S.“ c£i..e Kr WW«»
1 uItEIGN COMPANIES.
Lu'ri--. a: Lud ;u.a GI..UcJW.IM.IK
N. Dnl.su and
Ouetm 2.347.49 a .Nothing
Royal..- 9,274.< <6 93,009
Pennsylvania companies.
Franklin. P.m 3.087.UJJ 500.000
AJH.S Eire 265,524 12.000
Doauucu’s, Pmsbuigh_ l^-000
Eureka, Pittsburgh—....,. 18.000
Arlcai .u. Pittsburgh 17.W0
Aifoiu.uia..- W-JJJjJ
.\luUun iuheiu 12.W*0
Pittah..rgh
Al'lc; .p.y.,..,....- 2,500
.Men- ad:s’and Al.inM.jicturcrs’ 6/200
Euli. prise, P.iiialeiphia.... 611.0J.1 125,009
In.-, l <4 Auicric- 3,b5J,000 69-J.O’JO
St. Jumca Clim'cli.
Ju the srcat lire which laid waste. on tuc night
*»f Sunday, October S, ISTI, hall Uio area of the
chy of Chicago, and turned us« hundred thous
and uf her people houseless into the streets,
among other losses tae stalely church of St.
•lames Parish, together with the rectory end its
content?, ar.d the hom.-s of nearly all the parich
j.iucrs, tell before 1..e UauieS.
Xnc cumca is u ruin, and stands la tuc midst
of u ruiu lor miuti. Wo nmv to me will i.l Gad
UQUer tins ten.uio calamity, but icel it our bur
den, bouu ionus by D.vnio Pruv.deuce, to lilt
our caurrb and p.uu.i mit ol tac dust uud ash
jiajjcciaiiy da.s ibis t cm a«uuty because 2sU
James’ is lue mother parish ol Lb.eago —a parish
wiiU u tiatoxy that g -cs b id; t-i me trst fouada
liou ol iUu cuy. Tv pariah taal has been the Iruit
o! •ell-deniul, jialscut labor, and many prayer.-.
We cannot l-t it ole, «c cannot let »t mß.n
--tegrute. We cannot let us parish cuureu hum
ujua even mougaeur own hnines an lie. We
Hiiall* rapi*i*y ro-t ot'er a .-bed la Jls blackened
H< continue there our worships of old.
Hut* while Uita W.U do lur lac present. the
«c..rk of rcstoiaisoa must b: begun e<»uu. in i.,e
•rii.nledcuudtunu ol ourciij, in the dcoiaiimi
iSRu oU our people, the vvonseCUs Ueyoud o Ur
d»>S of liur icn-ciity wUcu Ids candle
n A|,“urt SJlueJ upo.. Uer. cl. .U.uo l’-n= u
St“? luro.d a oca. ear .o auy ocaa .a 0,..u acr
CU U'o‘«a>- n«tv r t-J Oil iuciaiiJM tlw j.arUh. to
■oldrejS’" l4 C1i.c.;,.. to i««uoi «u l
VOLUME 25.
brctfaern bound by tics of old communion and
sympathy that if they wish to aid in tbi* work,
which has been eo suddenly and so providential
ly laid boforo ns. wo shall be grateful and thank
ful. As our city rises out of her ashes, now
more than ever wc must all feel that in the ma
terial restoration ;tho spiritual most not be for
gotten.
Remittances may bo addressed to John Do
Korea, or cither of the subscribers, who will
promptly and gratefully acknowledge them.
Respectfully for (be pariah,
lluch Miilcr Thompson, Rector.
E. H. Sboldsun. Thomas Larrnbec, Wardens.
I. N. Arnold, E. B. McCage, Wm. B. Ogden,
Geo. L. Dunlap. Julian 6. Ramsey, Perry II
Smith. Joseph T. llyorson, Fred. U. Winston*
John DeKov«;n.
Chicago, Oct. 16.1871.
liOSX OX THE LAKE.
Shipwreck of the Schooner Levant
—Six Men Drowned—Narra
tive of the Only Sur
vivor.
Peter J. Thoruum, a sailor, and tbo only sur
vivor of the crew of the schooner Levant, which
was wrecked on Like Michigan, on Saturday
night last, arrived in Chicago on yesterday, and
gives the following account of the terrible disas
ter;
Tbc Levant left Chicago on thq afternoon of
Saturday, October 7, and proceeded to Manistee,
where she look «n .board a cargo of shingles at
Briggs mul. The schooner was owned by Mr.
Oweas, of Chicago, and was considered suffi
ciently seaworthy for the lumber trade. The
Captain was Patrick Lyons, of Toronto,'and the
mate Robert Brown, of Chicago. Besides these
and tbe Steward, a Gorman named Kloss,living in
Chicago, their wero four sailors—Bill Saids, Pe
ter Brant, a man whom wu called Charlie, nnd
myself—in all, seven persons on board. All day
Saturday the wind had been very stiff Irom the
soutL-ionth-west. but after dark it increased to
a luriouf gale. At about 9 o’clock at-night,
when wo were about midway between Sheboy
gan and Pori Washington, a squall struck the
?cri*-.*n«T. wheels was wafer-loggcd^aod-oupricecT
in an lmunu The moa, who vrere all ou deck
workiuc ship, ran for the side, and all hands
climbed up nnd lashed themsuivcs to the rigging.
The sea was running very high, and the water
was ice cold. For two hours wc kept in the rig
ging, and at 11 o’clock wo sighted a vessel
to the leeward, not more than 130 feet away.
All hands set up a load cry of distress, but it did
notscemtubelieard.ua the vessel passed on
without noticing us. About 12 o’clock, the
mate, Br«»wn, became delirious, and letting go
his bold, dropped down into the water, oud was
drowned, although he was still fastened to tho
rigging. About au hour later Captain Lyons,
and Bui Shills both lost their senses, and were
washed overboard and drowned, tneir bodies
bunging t«_tho wreck. At about 4 o'clock in tbe
morning. Kl»as, tbe steward, lost his senses, and
wus drowned, leaving only three of us alive.
Twice during the night propellers passed within
hailing distance of us, but tuo noise of the gale
was so loud that they couldn’t hear our ones for
help, and they passed on nnd left us.
A nttle after daylight tbe schooner D. P. Dob
bin hove in sight. To is timo our cry of distress
was heard, and they made preparations to lower
tue bout. By this time Charlie aud Bract,
though still alive, had both lost their souses. It
appeared that tbd Dobbin’s boat had been stove
iu, and she stood past us about a mile iu order
to fix it up, and then put about
and came back to us. When abreast
of the wreck her boat was lowered in charge of
tbo mate. John Bolin, and they pulled over to
us. It tvas found that Charlie and Braub wore
unable to help themselves, and so Bolin throw a
line to me. and I tried to tie it around Coarlio,
but he got entangled in tho rigging and was
drowned before our faces aud in spite of all we
cjuid do. 1 iht-n managed to gut tbo lino untied
Irom Charlie’s body, got it around myself, cut
loose Irom tbe riggiog. nod was hauled iut.» the
boat nearly dead witn cold and fatigue.
Alter Several fruitless efforts to get tho Uno to
Brant, who was out of his head, and hung thcro
and stared at us with set a..d glassy eyes, Bolin
finally made a lasso, threw it over his bead, and
naulcd him into the boat. It was no use. Poor
Brant was so far gone that he died in tho boat iu
ten or fifteen minutes, and before wo got back to
the Dobba. I want to say something about the
skill and displayed by John Bolin iu
his ifforts to save the survivors. He is a bravo
sailor aud a noble-hearted man. I also want to
mention the kind treatment and core which I re
ceived Irom the Captain of the Dobbin alter I
was taken on board. Brant’s body was taken
iuto Milwaukee and left with the authorities.
Shills aud Cbarlio were both married men, and
hral iu Cuicogo.
—A civil war has commenced in Liboriaowing
to the refusal of the President to resign bis posi
tion, ibo Liberian .Congress having recently
h an act UtsitfuL tttae Presidential-term to
tiro rears*
—Mr. Thomas Garrison, for many years a
prominent citizen ol Rockford, lIL, dioi at
Nevada City, on tho 6th inst.
—Rockford people are complaining of nnmor
our visitations from Chicago burglars and
thieve', who have loft this city.
—Since tho defalcation of Major Hodge, the
Secretary ol the Treasury has given instructions
that all tho accounts of disbursing officers con
nected with the Treasury Deparcmont shall bo
promptly examined.
—The settlers in tho lower part of Arizona oro
preyed upon with impunity by Mexican out
laws, who are robbing them them of property in
every direction.
—Tho Nilsson Opera Troupe, gave a benefit at
tho Boston Theatre* on tho 14th inst. for
Cuicago sufferers. President Grant was in
allennance.
—The action of tho House of Bishops of Balti
more on the 12tb with reference the word,
’’regenerate,” is looked upon by tho Evange-
Heal party in New York, as a great triumph on
their ride. Tho High Churchmen, and especially
the Ritualists of the advanced school, also ac
cept that-interpretation, but say. “Instead of
harmonizing the Church, it will have-precisely
tho opposite effect, os time wlil show.”
—London advices say. that large numbers of
Americans arc leaving for home, owing to the
Chicago calamity.
—Coant Wnichtriesler. Minister of Foreign
Affairs at Stockholm, dropped dead of apo
plexy on the 15th ins c.
—An address has been issued from Saratoga,
N. Y„ by a large number Of prominent Demo
crats, repudiating Tweed and the late Demo
cratic Convention.
—The adjourned term of the United States
Superior Court eommenoed on the 10th instant.
important cases to be decided is one
from Kentucky involving the constitutionality
ol tho so-called Drake’s amendment relative to
the effect of pardons in court claims, and an
other involving the decision ol disputed rights
of property of tho Presbyterian Church, North
and South: another involving tho question as,
to the binding force of notes for slaves before
tho issuance oi the Emancipation Proclamation.
—Seven distinct attempts were made to fire the
City of Syracuse on the uightof the 14th instant.
Fortunately no great damage was done.
—Joseph 11. Hughes, of Lawrence. Kansas,
was shot on the 14tb lust, by his business part
ner, Thomas Topping. The affair grow out of a
business difficulty'.
—The strong Democratic counties of Pennsyl
vania gave a heavy vote agaiast the holding of a
Constitutional Convention. O.t the other band
the votes of the Republican counties were in
faV»rof a convention.
i —General Sherman sails next week for Europe
to examine various different military systems.
—John Line, a prominent Sun Francisco 1 bank*
cr. died on the 14th inst,
i —Caebise, ifie famous Apache Chief, made
friendly overtures to too government.
—Rev. W, K. Harmon, ol the M. E./Church
Soatb.'.comuiiucd suicide at Cbiilicothv, Mo., a
few days since.
I —Admiral Porter expects n war with China,
and has written a letter to the Secretary of the
Nuvy recommending an increase oi tho Asiatic
squadron nud the building of several gunboats
lor use in such an event on the Chinese rivers.
—General 0. 0. Howard was victimised out of
5100 the other day by confidence in in, named
Clark, who pretonded to be a Chicago sufferer.
—According to the census letnrns, jnst pub
lished, Alexandria is the first lumiul'acturii.g
city in Virginia, having a capital ol ovor three
millions of dollars invested, with au annual pro
duct of about nine million dollars. Richmond
comes next, with a capital of about two million
dollars, nod on annal product of five million dol
lars.
—Thcro has been a great flood in China.. Ills
estimated that ten thousand square miiea at
Tcia-ToH ax*» under water.
—iix young ladies took tho veil at St. Joseph’s
Convent, CaronJolet. Mo., on Suodnv Xiatr
among them Sister Marta; uf-tho Sacred Heart
Chicago.
—ln the Modlioott poisoning case, at Garnett,
Kansas, a burglar named Johnson, who was con
fined in the same coll wita MedHeott in Law
rence jail, testified that Mendiicott talked in his
sleep, calling on Roth and bis wife to ho quiet:
that Medhcott coalesced his guilt to him, and
when be (Johnson) was released on bail, em
ployed him t procure burglar's tools wit.i which
to effect bis escape: that ho carried letters from
Medlicutt to Mrs. Ruth, and that Medlicott told
him that Mrs. Ruth was concerned iu bur hus
band’s druib, and that if she did not keep true
to him ho would bang her. His testimony
created a profound sousatlou. and McdHuott ex
hibited much anxioi}'.
—The wheat crop of Great Britain averages
from twenty-six to thirty bushels per nrre.
—A terrible prairie firs in Nemaha, Kjd., has
destroyed over $30,000 worth ol property, and is
still raging.
—A Port Austin, Mich., letter says: There
ore fully 3.0J0 people suffering in this county.
Hundreds are lying by the roadside, with uo
shelter, and scarcely any clothing, and many of
them severely burned. The danger of mrihcr
lire is passed.”
—The New York Chamber of Commerce Com
mittee have issued one of tho mo't practical,
stirring and sensible appeals fur aid for Chicago
which has yet been made. It contemplates u.it
only immediate relief but aid also through the
winter.
—John Harper, the owner of Longfellow, has
declared that be will never run another horse.
Grief fur tho murder of his. brother and sister
has brought him to thU decision.
—The Peoria Review says that persons with
silks and fine goods in their possession, con
cerning which they give no satisfactory ncconnt,
rind which arosapposad to have been taken
from the Cbicag fire, are peddling them through
the country.
—A writer at Pesbtigo mentions tbo.oaso.ofa
little girl. Id years old, who saved her little sister
irom death, but who was advised by many to de
sist from the attempt lest she herself should
perish. She heeded them not, however, but by
the m-ist heroic efforts she succeeded in rescuing
her little sister from the .merciless flames. Her
father, mother, brothers, and other sisters
perished by the devouring clement. And afier
tho fire mid abated somewhat, she Worked her
way rack over hot ashes and burning coals and
dragged tho dead bodies of her relatives out into
an open space, and then stood watching their
charred remains nil day and through that Jong
and desolate night that followed. That is child
heroism the like of which was never recorded.
—The exact words of Mr. Disraeli, in bis
speech relative to tho Queen, wore as follows:
“The lactis. wc cannot conceal from ourselves
that Her Majesty is physically incapacitated
from performing-duties, bat it is some conso
lation to Her Majesty'ii subjects to know that,
in thcporlormanco of those much higher duties
which Her Majesty is called upon to perform,
she is still remarkable for a punctuality and a
precision which have never been surpassed, and
rarely equalled by any monarch of tbeso
realms.”
Woodford County, 111., has had some destruc
tive prairie fires, although tho losses have beon
mainly confined to timber.
—Disastrous prairie fires have occurred in
Redwood and Lyon Counties, Minn.
—Tho Secretary of the Navy has ordered the
dismissal of five cadets Irom the Military Arade
my lor ’’hazing.”
—Senator Setmrz speaks on Civil Service Re
form, at Cincinnati, <m Tliursday next.
—A constable, named Samuel Harrington, was
brutally murdered atlMudalc, Mo., a few days
since, by a party upon whom he was serving a
warrant.
—Tho Creek Indians bow*. b«« Q commuting
depredations on railroad property on iuo -Voim
Fork ol tho Canadian.
—Tho official llsis of the German losie* In
tho recent war with Franccshow that only 18.000
were killed. 87,000 wounded, and 6.000 missing.
The smallness of the figures is surprising, but
their accuracy is vouched for by the authorities.
—*’CHd Bats,” a Dakota squaw, 73 years of
of age, who was very ceh-braicd iu tho annals of*
Minnesota history, died uearSt.Paul, a low days
ago. Her testimony convicted tho thirty-nine
murderers hung at Mafikatu in 1802.
—A terrible hurricane *»ccurred ut Halifax «>n
the 11th. and the tide rose two feet over the
wuorves.
—A now customs treaty has been signed be
tween France and Germany. The financial p -r
--tiou of the treaty provides that the balance of
ihe indemnity money remaining due by France
shall bo paid in specie bills to' the amount of
80,000.000 tr.mcs every fortnight until the entire
balance is paid, such payments in commence «-u
the Isth of January next.
—The First National Bank of Wheeling, Vu.,
suggests that ibe National Batiks throughout tho
Uuun contribute 2 per coat of their capital os a
fund to ho loaned to too Associated National
Biliks of Chicago, fora specified period, to ena
ble them to at once resume business, the inter
est t» bo paid semi-annually.
—lt is reported in well-informed circles that
the new treaty for the annexation of Sou Do
mingo, which will bo submitted to Congress early
iu the session, will cHI for no appropriation
whatever, but that provision will be made by
tinvuio panics and corporation lo pay off the
debt ot the republic, which has £ccm regarded
as amounting to nb-ut $1.600,00 J.
—Several incendiary bros occurred at Louis-
viile Ky„ on Sunday night. _
—Destructive fires have been rngiog in Bre- i
njer, Hancock, aud Chickasaw Counties, lowa,
fC —Three attempts were made to sot fire to
Loudon, C. W„ on tho night ol the 13th.
—The London Echo says that, the Queen is
contemplating a partial abdication, nud asks,
‘•Shall Albert Edward bo Regent?
—The remnant ot Cucrokcca l*ft iu North
Carolina have commenced to remove to the
reliof. train fdriChicago ran from
New York to Buffalo in d. O hours and oo
m —Tho*Northern Pacifio itaUroad track bar
bcoo complete! within fartr-oight miles of
Morobcad, tho crossing of tno Itod .Hu or.
-Paymaster llojgo, tho defaulter, has boon
1 seoicnood to ton yours’ imprisonment. Iho
1 President remitted n part of tb«' y^j
directed his imprisonment nlior iho t.n oars
The Jill. i until ho had relundod the amount embezzle
To the Editor of Tht Chicago Tribune I'" comot has boon soon from the Now
Sir: It is said the county’ oni city fathers 1 Haven Observatory. ..i. .i,.,
have resulved to rebuild the public buildings oil j Mutuals defeated to c
the old sites. This is well, except as to ike Jail, j ThelVsv* Dr. Noah Porter was inaugurated
It isoonvcaitnt and proper to have a strong and President of Yale College. «u the lltb, with very
safe apartment in the basement, where a few ceremonies.
ROTRERMEL’S battle of G£TTS
BURG.
How tho Groat Picture Was Saved.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
•Sia: Many reports havu been circulated
through tbo press iu regard to the Jato of
RolhcruiCi’s picture, but they have all been so
ioreigu, one lo the other, tuat, us ye:, little
light uus been thrown upon the subject, and the
public is undecided as to whether it is saved at
ull. lam awu<<c that you hare not room iu your
columns fur along story, so 1 will elute the facts
in us tew words as possible. Tbo picture is safe
anatomy possession, and X am now wailing to
meet Rotuermel. -1 superintended the whole
mutter, aud took every precaution to have the
pieiure removed without injury, and would add,
that the picture was not cut from the stretcher,
ueimer torn into strips and curried from the
ouildiug, us have been published iu some other
papers, out was carefully rolled up and carried
from toe building to too lake shore, where I
guarded it, at the peril of my life, from the cin
ders and plundering mobs: covering my faco
aud hands witn wet 'clothes to proU-ct myself.
tr*m betas' overcome \>y thuheat. The falling
of tbo cinders w s tcrriolo. The drapery
wrapped arutmd the picture to protect it was en
tirely Consumed by tne fire caused by tailing cin
ders, 1 am happy to inform you that the picture
received no injury at ail, except a small rout iu
the canvas wuich can be easily repaired.
I also rejoice in the possession of all the other
pictures iu the Academy of Design gallery that
were ol any account. Mr. W. H. Downing, with
whom I shared a part of my studio in the Acad
emy,stood uy me in this emergency irom begin
uiuc to end and, while I guarded tbo large pic
ture on lh.- lake shore, at the loot of Adams
street, he guarded too others: uua, between us,
wo succeeded in saving ull tne pictures of any
value.
Kutlu-rmi-l’a Gettysburg will have u greater
reputation now than ever, und thousands more
wnl be cug.-r iu see it. It wilt soon bo removed
to thu fclaic Capit <1 ol Pennsylvania, and tuo
nation will rejoice tuat tbo greatest and grand
uf ail its art treasures is safe. Yours truly,
F. L., Rockwell.
Chicago, Oct. 16,1871.
A NEW LAW LIBRARY
Proposition to tlie Members of the Chi
cago Bar.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune
Sir: While we all rejoice in tbo liberal contri
butions received by the unfortunate, through tbo
several societies and organizations to which
they belong, including the Trades Union, the
public press, Ac., wo cannot bo unmindful of
the fact that the members of tbo Chicago bar,
as a class, have suffered moro than any other
by tbo Into conflagration. Our libraries, our
offices, our notes and accounts, and onr business
have been swept awuy by the fire-fiend, and
very lew of the 500 members of tho bnr have tbo
moans to procure n private library. Wherefore,
tho writer begs leave to suggest, through this
medium, that a public meeting of tho bar be
held at once, to perfect a suitable organization,
with proner officers, to receive donations fora
Public Library. Our friends of tho profession
wilt promptly and libcrnllv respond to uur call.
Wo need Free Public Library, accasiablo lo
every member of the bar, without foe or tax, ex
cept the smalt sum of about S2UO per annum to
support a Librarian. I believe that one good
solicitor, with the proper aid of tho organization
at home, could raise $50,000 within sixty days lor
this purpose. Will come of tbo older and moro
prominent members of tbo,bar move in tho mat
ter! There should bo uo delay. B. M. Mckn.
-Chicago, Oct. 17, IS7I
Meeting of Judges.
The Judges of the Couetß of Record of Cook
County, and tho Judges of tho United States
Circuit and District Courts ere requested to meet
at the court-room of the Superior Court, in the
High School building, on Thursday, October 18,
iosL. at 2 o'clock p. m., for tho purpose of or
ganizing, and for such action as may be deemed
advisable, in pursuance of tbo following re-olu
lioo adopted at a meeting of tbo members of the
bar of Cnicaco, held on Monday last:
Resolved, That tho Judges of tho courts of
Cook County, and the Judges of tho United
Circuit and District Courts, bo appointed a
standing committee to consider of nud devise
such legislation as m«y be necessary to restore
lost papers and records ol all courts, public of
fices, settle titles to really, and all kindred sub-
jeets.
Resolved, That said committee appoint any
sub-committvo they may deem desirable from
the bar, to consider any designated matter, and
report to tbo committee. And tbo members ot
the bar each plwdgos ItlinsolV lo do any eucn
sub-committee work required ol him.
Resolved, That said standing commiUoa do
whatever they may doom desirable lor the pur
pose of having schemes «>f .legislation prepared
to bo submitted to the -Legislature, Stale and
Federal, at the proper time.--
Wu. A. I’onTEK. Chairman.
T. IjF.ddt, Secretary.
jlow tUc Burning Coal-Ucaps 9lay he
Extinguished.
Mr. A. Guthrie. lata United States Super
vising Jioilcr Inspector, soys that tho firo con
suming tens of thousands of tons of coal tuay bo
extinguisued vorv readily hy simply f
Toralcd sienm pipes into mo coal piles, ani al
this rs a for .better, simpler, and
moro expeditious remedy than that now "doptei A
~f pumping water ou the coal, as tbo
almost instantly convened into steam which
floats off into tbo air in great clouds- Ibe plan
cau ouickly bo tried, as there are plenty of boii
cra fo bo h«d, and no other machinery is required
“SSaSriS stands” srto apply this: remedy
at once for thrse requiring bis services. He
thinks that tho fire in every pile ol coal can bo
extinguished iu twelve hours.
Union Mutual tlfe iMnrance Company
of Maine.
Tho agency In Chicago is now at 816 Wabash
avenue. This old, substantial company has
loaned largely and judiciously in Chicago
hitherto; and now—though the firo has wiped
uut $233,090 of its security, nomiually—thp lands,
amounting to about 3500,000 nro left, and ore id
gtiud localities; and Dr. Boone—who is abondaut
ly able to respond to anything ho agrees to--
offers to guarantee paywout of every
dollar of tbo company's investment
in the burnt district Jor 1 jjcr ecu/. This lively
company has uucartued its safes and finds their
contents safely preserved; und its derrick is up.
on tho aM loundulton, for the immediate re
building ofits Agency and Loan Office. Boone
Block.” in LaSille street: and it is ready nuw
jor the coutinuauco ol its Life Insurance patron
age iu Illinois, ut 816 Wabash uvouue. So make
secure, the patrimony your fomilies may need.
prisoners may be sccnrely lodged temporarily—
as during trial, eta. Bat the jail of such a coun
ty ns this, where hundreds of prisoners are to be
kept constantly, should not bo underground*
and. especially, should not be under the Court
tiouse where the poison they generate infects,
not only themselves, bat the hundreds of offi
cials who occupy the various parts of tbo build
ing. Moreover. the basement of such a building
a«wo should have, if properly constructed, is
the most valuable part of the structure for the
public offices, and is by far too valuable lobe
surrendered to the use of confining and lodging
criminals. Would not tbo site of th e Armory bo
location (or the j«il? Lot tho Board of
rublie Works and the otner proper officials o in
sider this matter in duo time, and, by all mean s.
let us not repeat the nuisance of ihn jail under
the Court House. D. I*. Wildkr.
Chicago, o*t. 17.1871.
George 11. Stewart, of Philadelphia, is organ
izing a work similar to that of tbs Christian
Commission, for Chicago relief.
—Tbo Empress Augusta, of Germany, has con
tributed 1.000 thalers for tbo Chicago sufferers.
—Several negroes were sworn in, in New
York, on Saturday last as Inspectors of Elec
tion.
—Telegraphic communication between Hong
Kong und Nogodi has been stopped, the Chinese
having picked up the cable and stolen quite a
length.
—A terrible typhoon has occurred on tho
Chinese coast, destroying several hundred lives.
—Tho Secretary of the Treasury has author
ized tbo United States Treasurer to issue $1,500,-
000 United States notes to take* tho place of the
United States notes and National Bank notes
burned in tbo government vault at Chicaco.
—C. F. Lehne. a well-known citizen ol Peoria,
attempted to commit suicide by cutting his
throat on tho 12tb mst. Cause, temporary in
sanity.
—The Now York ruffians reported hanged in
Chicago have turned up safely in the former
city.
KEWS BY MAIL,
SATES.
HALL’S
SAFE LOCK
COMPANY'S
CHICAGO HOUSE
IS LOCATED AT
66 West Madison-st.
1 stock of Safes, and
Hall’s Superior Bank
locks will he ready
for sale TO-DAT,
At Old Prices.
FRANK B. TUCKER,
MANAGER.
HERRING’S SAFES
TRIUMPHANT!
Twenty-two Safes have been taken
from the rains so far, con
tents all safe.
A largo assortment, of all sizes, constantly on
liuua. at tho Chicago depot.and manufactory.
HERRING CQ-,
Corner of Fourteenth -at. and Indiana-av.
DIEBbLD KIENZLE’S
SAFES
PROVED THE BEST IN THE GREAT FIRE.
446 STATE-KX
D. H. COVERT. General Agent.
Safes.
Oar office can bo found at
NO. 06 WEST MADISON-ST.,
We have ordered from onr foctory at Cincinnati
and onr branch houaea at St. Louis, Louisville, and
Cleveland.
OVER TWO HUNDRED SAFES OP DIFFER
ENT SIZES,
which will bo ready for delivery in a few days.
HALL’S SAFE AND LOCK CO.
STOVES.
bKiwu Brothers
bast monboe-st. iold quarters),
Manufacturers of
HYATTS PATENT SIDKWALK LIGHTS
And Hoot's celebratal
DAKOTA” SOFT COAL STOVES.
May ha found at tho old quarters, as above, ready
for orders.
Stoves,
In answer to numerous Inquiries, wc wish to an
soanqe that our price list or stoves will NOT be
advanced. If any retail dealers charge an advance
we will furnish portioe who call at our office with
the names of dealers who sell at old prices. Not
a stove In our warehouse was destroyed. Oar
foundries la Albany are in fall blast, and wo shall
keep onr stock in Chicago full and complete, and
be able to supply tho demands of both city and
eountrytrade. As our agency records and facili
ties for getting information arc destroyed, now
customers wllfplssso forward referencee or cash
with orders. JNO. F. RATHBONE CO., 30 and
Sd floor.
millinery.
GAGE BROS.
CO.,
WHO Ii ES 'A 11
MILLINERY.
OFFICE FOB THE PRESENT AT
419 MICHIGAN-AV.
Will open with, an entire
NEW STOCK at
961 indiana-av.
About the 2 oth October.
Send Your Orders.
FURNITURE.
Furniture,
PARLOR FURNITURE,
BEDROOM FURNITURE.
OFFICE FURNITURE A
To be had at wholesale prices at 177 West Ran- f‘
dolph-fit. KDBITbCHKY it HAMANN,
And at 135 West Lake-et.
OSWALD KUBITSCHKY. i.
BOOTS ANP SHOES,
Doggett, Bassett Hills,
HEADQUARTERS AT
522 Wabash-av.
Comer Harm on -court, C
Have on the way a new j
stock of
BOOTS SHOES,;
And will soon be prepared
to supply customers.
AUCTION SALES,
WM. A. BUTTERS 00.,

ATJCTIOKEERS.
Office No. 1204 Indiana-Av,,
Will resume business on or before November 1.;
At Nos. 3 and Dearborn Park.
Directly opposite old stand on Itandolph-st.
C. C. Thayer Co.,
Auctioneers and Beal Estate Agents,
No. 41 Uubbard-court, between Stats and Wabasri, 1
formerly at 137 Doarhoru-st., Trinuno Building,
will. heretofore, pay particular uitentiou tusnk*
of real est ito at xuctibn aad'Tx’lvato salu. Will at
toud t« sales of furniture Ht n-Bidencca, and to out
dour sah-a of erory description.
T<> owners of real estate iu the burnt district: f*.
C Thayer A Co. have applications from home un 4
Kiytorn capitalists lo buy on lease property in tln>
burnt district. Please hand in vour lists.
Colby aud Wlrts, Auctioneers.
We shall s -11 on Friday, October 20, 10 o’chick M.rn—
nil the household goods, consisting of parlor, clituo
tier, dining*room, und kitchen furniture, carpets,
stoves, mirrors, crockery, Ac., all cuntulned in the
dwelling No. 131 West Jackson st., corner Deoplaiaes
st.,' together with lease of the premises. Also. ODe
seven octavo rosewood pinuo.
COLBY A WIUTN. Auctioneers.
HOTELS,
Tie RiTßrsiie Hotel,
Riverside, will bo kept, from this dale, by Messrs.
Gage Bros. Rice. Sufferers "by the groat fire will
be liberally treated, and board for the fall and’win
tor at very moderate prices.. Pleasant rooms.
Gas and water, and frequent trains. Apply' at
Riverside.
Transit House.
Tucker Sherman, proprietors—terms, na be
forij'the fire, $2 per day. All trains stop at Forty
thlra-et. Carriages to convey passengers to nnd
from cow. Street cars run hpnrly. p. Ft. W.
dummy aix times dally.
Wood’s Hotel,
295 Siat-vst., corner llubbard*cuurt, Chlcngo,..lll.
ENOCH WOOD, Proprietor.
Fint-cfoes accommodations. Charged reasonable
WEDNESDAY* OCTOBER 18, 1871.
INSURANCE.
THE
n i. ii.
nn
OF BROOKLYN,
Casli Assets, $1,850,000
Loses in the
GREAT FIRE
LESS THAU
$500,000
And has Opened an Office at
62 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
Property insured and
Losses paid as usual.
We have commenced
paying. Policy-holders
call and. present their
claims.
K S. CRITCHELL,
A GENT-
Apply for Agencies in Northwestern Slalta to R
S.CRITCBELL, Special Agent.
NORTH BRITISH
AnH Mercantile Insuiance Co.,
Of London and Edinburgh.
CAPITAL, $10,000,000 IU GOLD
Gold Assets, after Paying
Chicago Losses, $12,000,000
The New York Managers have received tho follow
ing telegram from London:
“Board of Directors sul'scirboAve thousand dol
lars for relief of Chicago sufferers.' Settle and pay all
losses promptly. American assets, amounting t.i
91,500,000, will not he touched.”
Wo aro now prepared to receive applications for in
surance iu abovu company.
S. M. MOORE C0 M Agents,
68 Sontb Canal 879 Wabash-av.
HOMES
Insurance Cmnpany
OF NEW YORK,
30 and 32 Canal-st.
I have arrived in Chicago with a corps of adjusters
to assist General Ducat in adjustitp and paying the
losses of thu Home Insurance (ompanv, of New
York,
This Company will pay all Its lostes as toon as ad
justed. and with two millions of solid assets left and
more to be subscribed. If ueedod, will continue to
iudemuily thu property owners of America as here
tofore. ARTHUR F. WILMARTII,
Vice President Home Insurance Co., of Nhw York.
New York, Oct. 10, 3971.
GENTLEMEN: At a meeting of tho Ger
mania,” •*Hanover,” “Niagara,” and “Repub
lic Insurance Companies, of New York* Com
rising tho ••Underwriter’s Agency,” held this
a/, due preparations were made to pay immedi
ately, upon adjustment, all losses incurred at Chi
cago after doing which the capitals of all the
companies will remain unimpaired, and have a
surplus of over half n million dollars, leaving the
gross cash assets of tho Underwriter’s Agency
over two and one-half million dollars (£2,509,000.)
A. STODDART, General Agent.
To Ogden, Sheldon Seuddor, Agents, 62 South
Canal street, Chicago.
fgy-All persona holding policies In tho Un
derwriter's Agency,” will present them at 62 South
Canal-et., for adjustment.
OQDEN, SHELDON SC UDDER,
Agents.
Occidental Fire Insurance Co#,
OF SAN FRANCISCO, CAL..
A. C. AGENT.
OQo*t t 'rirr
tending policies in this company pleasa report.
Liverpool and Loudon aud Globe
Insurance Company,
OFFICE NO. 5 WEVT MADISON-ST,
Risks taken at current rule*.
NVM. WAItKKK. General Agent.
Commerce Insurance Company of
Albany N. Y.
Will a<l]ust nil claims ut office, No. ZO W. Madison
st., 3rd floor. Room No I.
M. V. YOUNG, Ocn’l Agt.
Royal Insurance Company, of Liverpool,
England.
CHARLES 11. CASE, General Agent.
No. 6SSouth Canal-st., upstairs.
ASSET.-* -...TEN 3IILLION DOLLAR?.
Notice.
Panics holding policies in the Croat Woitern In
surance Company ami sustaining loss will present
them ut thu office of the company, No. 77 Fourteenth
si.
October 17. IS7I.
Yonkers and New York Insurance
Company,
WESTERN DEPARTMENT,
Office, IQC6 InJlana-av.
F. A. filitcbcl
Adjuster of Firo Losses, Office 781 Stato-st. Seven
years’ experience la insurance. Has adjusted losses
lor many of tho most prominent companies. Will
make up claims und present them to thu companies.
Uch-rcncfts given ns required.
Insurance Policies
IN EASTERN OR CHICAGO COMPANIES
Collected without delay, or sold for cash by
J. 11. BUSSELL, ATTORNEY.
M West l’atidolph-st.
Yonkers and New York Insurance Co,
Policy holders will please present their claims to
O. W. BARRETT A Co., at offices, 393 Wabash
av., or comer West Randolph and Halsted-st,
can present them at Western Department office,
10C0 Indiana-av.
MACHINERY.
Engines and
Machinery
Cooper &€o.,
MANUFACTURERS
Stationary, Portable, and Farm Slide Valve
ENGINES
of every required size. Upright and Hoisting
ENGINES.
The Corliss Automatic Cnt-OfT
ENGINES.
Cooper Co.’s Improved Slide Valvo Cut-Off
ENGINES,
Tabular Locomotive and Fine
Circular SAWMILLS.
FLOURING MILLS, and complete
MACHINERY
for flouring‘mills, sawmills, elevators, Ihrnflfcfi,
and factories.
Flans and specifications famished to customors
without charge. Small Engines on hand or In pro
cess of manufacture. Orders filled on short notice.
The Mt. Vernon Iron Works, established 3833, ore
among tbo largest in the country, and have tbo
most approved facilities for manufacturing. Their
machinery la of the latest improved designs, and
in ovory Instance is guaranteed to give entire sat
isfaction. Call on or address, for large illustrated
circular, C. G. COOPER CO.,
Portable Engines.
Wo have In stock, and can furnish instanler,
8. 10, 12, 14, 20. «t 2i.HOUSE PORTABLE ENGINES,
both mounted nnd unmounted.
This style of engine is most suitable for all indoor
work, and will readily sell to farmers alter being
used.
W« would rof-r you to ADDISON BALLARD.
Lumber Dealer, Chicago; or write to
no a shoemaker.
RICHMOND. IND.
Bacon’s Portable Hoisting Engines,
FOR CONTRACTORS’ USE.
ZIOIhTING OF BUILhI.NG MATERIAL, TILE
A DRIVING. ETC.
Quick working, cheap, simple nm! durable. Manu
factured by
THE MORRIS CO. MACHINE AND IRON CO..
3fl Cnrtlniidt-iq., New YorK.
Engines.
I*2 to 100 ilqrKO. Leave Shopi ready for nab. Re
quiring no foundation. Noiseless Friction Grooved
Moisting Machinery. Automatic Cable t'nrringas for
convoying material my distunes economically.
Uontrifiigal Pumps, putap 'fin per cent more wntcr
with sumo power than uny pump in use.
Boilers, l’o»-d Pump* jtc,.
WM. I>. ANDREWS A BUG.
414_ Water Street, Now York.
TO BENT.
TO RENT.
Houses furnished or unfurnished, small cottages,
Huites of rooms, «£c., iu all parts of tho city! Also,
a large barn on Stnip-at., south of Fourteenth,
capable of holding 34 horses or more. Parties de
sirous of renting,-buying, or selling, will do well
to call at my office, as my list embraces property in
all parts of the city.
WILLIAM D. KERFOOT,
£9East Washington-st., “Burnt District.”
DRY GOODS.
HAMLIN,
HALE
COMPANY,
Office,
288 Miehigan-av.
Retail Department
Will reopen, within a very few days, in
the largest and most convenient Dry
Goods Store in Chicago.
’328 West Madison-st.,
With a full stock, suited to the present
wants of this community.
Wholesale Department
Will reopen Oct. 25 in the largo brick
building,
29,31 &33 S- Canal-st.,
In immediate proximity to the new Sher
man and the Briggs Houses and the Bail
way Depots.
Their facilities will be ample for prompt
ly supplying the wants of their customers,
and their assortment will be as complete as
heretofore.
MIS CEIiIiANEOUS.
O arpets, Carpets 11
ALLEN MACKEY
HAVE OPENED THEIR STOCK AT
At 744 State-st.i
AND ARE NOW PREPARED TO SHOW A
FULL LINE
CARPETS, BEDDING, CURTAIN GOODS.
W« invito tho special attention of furniture deal
ers. and others, to oar stock of
PLUSHES, PLAIN
AND STRIPED
REPS, TERRT3,
ETC.. ETC.
JVETT GOODS RECEIVED DAILY I
Blank Books and Stationery
RECEIVED THIS DAT,
and moro on the way. Tho trade supplied
AT OLD PRICES, BY
EMERSON A DAVIES,
At Chicago West tilde Library aod Music Store,
2-jy West Madison-st.. bet. Peoria and Sangamon.
PAPER.
Winnebago Mills.
Having two mills la Operation and largo amount f
stock shipped before thu lire, we shall, during nexl
week, have a good stock of Manilla, Wrapping,
News, Printing, and Writing Patters. Remittances
by draft on New York or currency by express will be
appreciated.
BRADNER, SBIITH CO.. 619 State-st.
Plug Tobacco Manufactory For Sale,
CONSISTING OF:
I Hydraulic Ram and Pump.
9 Retainer.
Flalshcr*.
i Seta Moulds.
4 Caddy Presses.
4.000 lb Fairbanks Scales.
I Hall's Office Safe,
Track, Cara, and all the fixtures complete for the
manufacture of Plug Tobacco.
For terms address JAMBB DORITY.
Tnlado. Ohio.
Anchor Line
OF OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
NEW TOEK, UVERPOOL, GLASGOW, ic.
All agents are notified that no interruption
has occurred In onr business, which la now carried
on at
NO; TO TWENTY-THIRD-ST.
Our mall 1s regularly delivered. Remit by cx
press or New York bank draft.
z»<an r v_ BROTHERS;
No. TO Twonty-thlrd-sL
JAMES WARRACK, General Manager.
Van’s Ranges,
FOR HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS.
Wo are prepared to famish these celebrated Ranges,
Broilers, Carving Tables, Ac., at short notice. We
arc erecting a building for our Hot Air Furnaces,
where wo shall be ready to fill all orders for
FURNACES AND STEAM HEATING
at tho shortest notico. Addresser call upon us at
966 SUte-st. LESTER. HERON. SMITH A CO.
Chicago Business College.
This Institution will begin its sessions next Mon
d«y, October 22. On« of the largest and finest balls
in the city corner Canal and Waihlnuton-st*., has
been secured. All the departments will be in opera
tion, with a fall corps ol teachers and a first-class
business school will be conducted as heretofore. Six
hundred students can be accommodated. Call at tho
office northeast corner of Canal and Washington-sts.
BRYANT CHASE.
(formerly Bryant A Stratton.)
Splendid storage and office room to rent at lowest
rates by B. A C.. at above place. This corner is now
the hnxinpsa centre of the city. _
Dissolution.
The copartnership heretofore existing between tbo
undersigned, ander the firm name of Ottawa/ A
Barlow, has been this day dissolved by mutual con
sent. The business of the firm will be settled by
eillit-r of the lute firm.
TtlOS. P. OTTAWAY.
107 Bouih Peoria-sf.
NAPOLEON B. BARLOW.
Chicago, Oct. 14. 1671. V 99 Wnnen-ar.
Paul Becker
AT
West Chicago Ladles’ Seminary, 35 and 17 South
Sheldon street, continues his class In tbo above in
stitution and can ac:ommodato bis North Side pu
pils or others at the same place.
Ready-Made Houses,
DWELLINGS, STORES AND WAREHOUSES.
LYMAN BRIDGES CO.,
Corner Carroll and Sangamon-sts.
Building Materials
OP ALL KINDS, OLD AND NEW,
Bought and sold by
LYMAN BRIDGES CO.,
Comer Carroll and Sangamon-eta.
Odd Fellows’ Relief Committee.
Headquarters at Fifth Baptist Church, corner Har
rison nod Hangamon-Bta. Discributing offleo same.
Location permanent. J. Ward Ellis, President; I>.
B. Sherman, Secretary: John Q. Rogera, Treasurer.
Panorama.
A sufferer, hot one with energy, artistic ability,
and (he necessary business requirements,bat nut suf
ficient funds, wishes to negotiate with n party with
means for the immediate production of a panorama
oi Tho Bnrnlng of Chicago.” Sufficient reference.
Capital required, $5,000. Address PANORAMA, Tri
bune office.
ioyne Co.’s
uuivur. Page,
NATIONAL PAGING NUMBERING MACHINE.
Arrangements having been made to supply tbo
market at once with tho abova named machines, or
ders should he lelt at oar offic,-,* fl, 13. and 15 Des
plahiCT-st., without delay.
Removal.
Offic- of Wrgho, Routing A Co. and Cb:ia. Yergho.
Consul fur Bavaria aod Wurtembuig, now at 15S
Cottage Grovo-av.
The Misses Aiken
Have removed their Dress Making Parlors from 06
Vanßuren-st. to 50 Harmon-conrt.
The Office of C. B. Sawyer Co.,
IS AT 449 WABASH-AV.
The Enterprising Firm of
JAMES S. KIRK CO.,
Soap Manufacturers,
arc already engaged with a large force of men re
moving the debm from tbo mins, and expect to
be rebuilt and In running order In forty -five days
NOTICE TO SHIPPERS.
The Pittsburgh, Fort Wayne and Chicago Rail
way Freight Depot, Madison street, being saved
from destruction by tho great Urea of Saturday and
Sunday nights. Is now in shape to take freights,
enabling this artery of trade to open op and relieve
those who may hare property logo forward from
Chicago, and nos opened an office at No. O Madi
son street, under tho Briggs House (formerly tho
Laclede), directly opposite the Madison street
Freight Station. Tho Star Union Lina Agency has
ita Beadquartert at this office. No very large
amount of freight can be taken immediately, but
enough to enable parties to raise money from their
Eastern correspondents.
B. c. MEiamUM,
Chicago.Frlday.Octia. 3871.
EDUCATIONAL.
The Chicago Business College
Will open In a few days on Slxtcenlh*at., be
tween Wabash and Mlchigan*av9.
Two of the largest and finest bails In the city
have boon leased, and a
FIRST-CLASS BUSINESS SCHOOL
will be conducted as heretofore. All the deport
ments will be in operation, with full corps of
teachers. Office at present, T92 Miebigan-av.
Several floe offices and store rooms to rent. Ap
ply at 793 Mlchigau-av.
BRYANT CHASE,
(formerly Bryant Stratton.)
GENERAL NOTICES.
A CARD FROM
FM, Williams Co,
Our Office is at
75 Calumet-av.,
Second honso north of Twenty-accord-st, where
we have all oar books and valuable papers that we
aaved from the domes.
We earnestly solicit all persons indebted to na
to aid na all they can by remittances.
Thankful for past favors, and hoping; to rclmhark
!n business again soon,
Wc remain, yours truly,
FITCH. WILLIAMS CO.
To My Old Friends and Patrons.
1 would hare yon all know, from my won! herein
given. tlmt I have lost nuna of site trust, hope. or
the belief in Chicago’s future greatness, widen has
always characterized all tny relations with the riti
zena of this my long-iiucw adopted home: but I am
differently situated with rofcrouco to findings place
to commence anew my businca*. from thorn who
have been engaged In purely mercantile pursuits. 1
must have privileges ofeky lights, aide lights, water
and gas, which are to them matters of little impor
tance.
Therefore, I heg olyon. my friends anil patrons, to
grant mo a littlo extra lime to look about mo before
I nettle.
I guarrantooyon, hereby, that every cant which
yon have paid into my callery aha]] be made good to
you as soon as 1 can establish myself in some perm**
nent way.
I also take vlensnrein informing all those who
have loft valuable pictures with me for copying, that
I saved the most of these before 1 gave a thought to
my owo things.
When I begin again you will find with me nil of the
best of my old corps of artists, who Lavo tbnied my
fortunes and misfortunes torso long.
Dogging that you will bear with me for a little
time, and promising that you Shall have ample notico
of mv opening In all the dally city papers, I remain
In affliction, ns In days of prosperity, truly, yunr
friend. E. 1,. .BRAND,
Photographer, formerly of 2S Washiaglon-st., Chi*
cago. IU.
Incidents of the Great Chicago Fire.
I am collecting incidents of tho great Chicago lire,
to bo published m book form immediately. Almost
every person we meet can relate some terrible, traxic.
pathetic, serio-comic, or other story connected with
the fire. Lot all these be collected now, while they
are fresh, and sent to nif, to be embodied In this
book. 1 respectfully request at! clergymen, tcnch-ra.
and all others, whether Indies or gentleinun, whether
you aro accustomed to writing or nor, to write out,
in such shape'as yon cm. to be rewritten if neces
sary. the incidents you hear, and to clip from news*
papers all printed incidents, and send to my address.
Mv slenm printing establishment and publishing
office is burned, the contents of my safe are destroyed,
but my long experience In Chicago as a printer nod
publisher are sufficient guarantee mat this book will
be full oflotercst. and published in good style. The
prico of thu book will b SO cents. It will be sent,
postpaid, by mail, or otherwise. Send for it now.
andyoor orders will bo filled in the order they are
received.
Sly address far the present Is ALFRED L. SEW
ELL, Publisher, care Loot. Preston Kean’* Dank,
corner Randolph and HuUicd-sts.. Chicago, 111.
Railroad Gazette.
THE RAILROAD GAZETTE, owing ton destruc
tion of tho printing facilities here. Is removed tem
porarily to New York City, al"3 Broadway, where
all letters should hereafter bo addressed.
The mall list of the paper was saved, but the car
riers’ list Was lost. Those who received the Gazette
by the carrier are requested to send their address to
the Now York office, together with a statement of the
time up to which It was paid.
A. N. KELLOGG. Proprietor,
General Notice.
THE AMERICAN MERCHANTS’ UNION EX
PRESS COMPANY
are now prepared to
RECEIVE AND FORWARD ALL BUSINESS
OFFERED.
Eastern business, for New York, Boston, &C.,
office 115 Twonty-eecond-et. Western business, for
Chicago, Burlington Quincy Railroad and con
nections, at office Canal and Burlington Crossing.
For Northwestern Railroad and roads leaving from
that depot, at office comer of Klnzie and Canal-sts.
(old Milwaukee Depot). Also at office 214,210. and
218 West Randolph, corner Canal. Principal office,
NO. 115 TWENTY-SECOND-ST.
National Sunday -School Teacher.
Office, M West Raodolph-st.
ADAMS. BLACKMER LTON,
Publishing Company.
The General Agency
OF ALLAN LINK OCEAN STEAMERB
s at present In 137 Hilwaukec-ar., until removed to
Mixon’s Building. LaSalle-sc., lo about three weeks.
Passage to and from Europe *l lowest rates.
FEUD, S. WINSLOW.
THE OFFICE OF THE
COATf TENBKOEKE
OA2EIAGE UANOTAGimma COM?'?
18 AT THEIR FACTORY,
Corner of Randolph and Ann-sts.,
wbera they will resume their business In a few days
and be praparod to receive orders as usual.
All persons indebted to as are requested to remit
AT ONCE
n currency, by express, to enable us to relieve our
mployes, some of whom
ARE HOMELESS AND IN WANT OF FOOD.
"All persons Xibtlm* Uarffflaj. CO Princes, or wogous in
their possession belonging to us, wilt please return
them to bar factory or send their address, and save
trouble.
Fan’s Ranges,
FOR HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS.
We are prepared to supply these well-known and
favorite Kaog»s at snort notice.
LESTER, HERON. SMITH A CO..
Molo 'Agents. 960 atatu-st.
Babcock Extinguisher.
050 Wabash-av., and 50 and 53 West
WasHington-Bt,
All partifS indebted to ns are urged to remit at
once by draft On New York or currency by express.
Our factory was saved. Orders pouring in from all
parts of the country will be filled in tho order in
which they come. Address all communications to
F. W. FARWELL, Secretary,
63C Wabash-av.
Grand Trunk Railway.
The ticket office of this company is now located at
the'northwest corner of Canal and Bladisoa-sts.,
where Information, through tickets, and berths in
Pullman cars may be secured.
J, U. WHITMAN,
General Western Passenger Agent.
U.SHACKLE, General Agent.
C. J. nr.YPGF.S. Manager.
Chicago Newopaper Union,
13 North Jaflferson-st. The Daily Evening Wiscon
sin, Milwaukee, has the largest Job Printing House
In the Northwest; running thirteen steam presses.
Orders for work may be lelt at Chicago Newspaper
Union office, 18 North Jefferwm-st.
Tbo Chicago Newspaper Union will have three
moro last newspaper presses running the first of
next week and will be able to accept press work
for them. Wo shall also have an abundance of
printing paper of all sizes.
A. T. AIKEN9. President.
Bread for the Hungry.
Wo will deliver in Chicago by the Chicago. Rock
lalaud A Pacific Railroad, or th-Chicago, Alton
St. Louis Railroad, choice family flour at th<* follow
ing prices: Choice white winter wheat floor fur
28.25 per barrel: choice red winter wheat flour fur
J7.25 per barrel, for one barrel or more. Send the
money by post office order, or by express, prepaid.
This was the wholesale price cf floor l>of(>re the tire.
ADAH WILCOX, City Mills, Joliet, 111.
Joliet, 111.. Oct. IS. 1871.
612 Michigan-av.
All onr account books and plates aro saved.
The machinery la In motion to meet the wants of
nil onr customers at tbo earliest possible moment,
ROOT «fc CADY.
Agency
of the
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE LANDS
of the
STATES OF MISSOURI AND IOWA.
We offer for sale the choicest Prairie and Timber
Lands of Missouri and lowa, on a credit of ton years.
-7SYh^r* l Tffffiß!* iron Tall taxation^
and Deeds come direct from the Slates of Missouri
and lowa. PHIL. F. SCANLAN A VO., No. 41
Uubbard-court, between Wabash-av. aod btato-st.
A Card From'
RICHARDS. CRUMBaUQH A SHAW.
Onr office Is temporarily at 8(8 Wnboeh-ar. Wc
shall resume business at tho earliest punsiblu mo
ment. Our (floods who aro indebted to us will con
fer a special favor by remitting in nt once nil they
can. either In enrroncy or New York oxehamti-.
RICHARDS, CRUMBAUGB A SHAW.
Thousands Made Glad
by the opening of the Fl-Mity oa the very morning
after tho fire—the first offleo open in ttm ruins—mix!
business uninterrupted ever since. All de posits in
perfect preservation, wax not melted. Before the
firo we asked, mid we now repeat thi-se
QUESTIONS FOR THE PRUDENT.
Are your bonds and Holes safe?
Are yunr deeds and mortgages safe?
Are year wills, roar policies, your money, your
plate, your diamonds safe?
Are zOU safe In keeping valuables at home or in
any exposed place, instead of depositing them with
TUOB. B. BRYAN A CO., at their Fidelity Safe
Depository.
Carl Pretzel,
Tho arousing broken German writer, leaves her
next week for St. Louis to publish his “Alminick’
for 1372. The Western News Company had ordered
10.000 JU}5 previous to the fire. We hops our St.
Leals friend* will aid him in its Nano.
Views of the Ruins.
CHICAGO AS IT IS AND AS IT WAS.
Those who wish to procure views of Chicago ns it
was before the fire, or us it Is since, should send in
their orders at ouce, to
LOYEJOY i FOSTEB,
3U9 West Randolph-st.,
Wholesale and retail dealers in stereoscopes, views
albums, etc. (formerly 87 Clark-sf.), will be able
to fill all orders for store-scopes, views, etc., in a few
days. To oar country friends'we would say bo
patient fora short time, as wo hare a fall sjocU on
the way.
St. Louis Law School.
Tho repnlar annual session of this school opened
October 11. Full course, two terms, six months
each. Students admitted -to either class, on exami
nation. until January I. 1872. Tuition Tea, Ifrj rwr
annum. including mo of library. No extra chars*
For particulars address O. 31. STEWART, Dean of
Law Faculty. SUI N.wth ThinUst tit. Lou?;. Mq. 0 f
CHICAGO SC AXE COMPANY,
Fairbanks’ Standard Scales.
No. 11 S. Canal-st.
FAIRBANKS, GREENLEAF CO,
NUMBER 72.
TRANSPORTATION.
B6TICS Ti SHIPPERS.
Tlie I’lttsburgh, Fort Wayne
<t Chicago Railway Freight De
pot, Matlison-st., being saved
from destruction by the great
Arcs of Saturday and Sunday
nights, is now In shape to take
freights, enabling this artery of
trade to OPEN CP and relieve
those who may have properly
to go forward from Chicago,
and have opened onr office at No.
9, under the Briggs Bouse, for
merly the Laclede, Madisoa-st.
Freight Station, The Star Cnion
Cine Agency has Its Chicago
headquarters at this office. No
very largo amount of freight
conld bo taken immediately,
bnt enough to enable parties to
raise money from their Eastern
correspondence.
E. C. MELDRCM,
C. W. F. Agt.
Chicago, Thursday, Oct. 12,1371.
tSf" Post. Journal and Republican copy.
.i
The office of the Empire Transportation Com
pany Is in tho Lake Shore Michigan Southern
Freight Depot, comer of Polk and Griawold-sts.
JOS. STOCKTON. Agent.
Anchor Line
OP OCEAN STEAMSHIPS,
Wo aro happy to Inform oar patrons that all
our.books ana papers bare been saved, and that
tho business Is earned on at No. 70 Twenty-third*
st.. corner of Pralrie-av. -Sight drafts on Great
Britain for any amount, and tickets from all parts
of Europe to all parts of the United States, as usual.
Parties going to Europe will take the Cottage
Grove cars or Pralrio-av. stages to our office. No.
70 Twcnly-thlrd-et.. which is only three squares
from tho Michigan Central and Michigan Southern
Railroad Depots.
HENDERSON BROTHERS,
No. 70 Twenty•thlrd-st., Chicago.
JAMES WARRACK, General Manager.
Merchants’ Despatch Transportation
Company,
218 West Randolph, corner Green*flt., (over Ameri
can Merchants' Union Express office.) or at rail
road freight depot. Canal and Sixtecnth-sts.
Consignees leaving their address at cither above
places will have their freight delivered ornotlce of
arrival given them as they may wish as soon as
freight la unloaded. N. J. HOWE. Agent.
GOODRICH’S STEAMERS.
All on their routes as heretofore. Daily for Mil
waukee and all west shore ports. Dally for Grand
Haven and Muskegon. Daily for St. Joseph and
Benton Harbor. Semi-weekly to Green Bay.
Menominee, etc. Offlco and docks foot of Michi
gan avenue. T. Q. BCJTLIN, Sup't.
EXPRESS.
American Merchants’ Union Express
Company.
General Office Twenty•sccood-st., cor. Indlana-ar.
NOTICE TO CONSIGNEES.
Chicago, Oct. 11. IS7I.
This company having resumed business, are now
prepared to deliver money and other property con
signed to tbU city. Parties expecting shipments
wll! please furnish their address. Notice to con
signees through the Post Office will ho given ou re
ceipt of property, and efforts mado to deliver con
signments on arrival. All money, goods, wares,
merchandise, and property generally lo.'t in unr pos
session nfter such notico is given, or after oCT-Ts to
deliver have been made to consignees, wilt thereafter
be held at risk of whom it may conc<*ru. Branch
offices corner of Randolph and Grcou-sts., and at
Northwestern Railroad Depot, corner of Kinzin ned
Cannl-sts.
CIIAS. FARGO,
Assistant General Superintendent.
BANKS.
NATIONAL LOAN AND TRUST CO.
HE3IOYED TO
107 Randolph Street.
Wo hare to announce to oar patrons and »lt<* onb
lie generally, that «a hays SAVEIV RVKIIiTIUSO,
and aVr? now prepared to transact all business en
trusted 110 us with fidelity and promptitude.
Stronz and reliable £afes!' Pratts on the Bankers
of tlio United States Government in London, in
large nr email same, nt sight; di afts on the Bank of
Montreal. First National Bank of Jew York, Drcxcl
Co., Philadelphia.
Money sent br telegraph to hew York, Boston
Philadelphia and San Francisco.
Deposit accounts received as nsual.
OEOi C. CMTOTT, P^idwou
WM. H. PARK, Cashier.
The State Savings Institution
WILL OPEN FOB BUSINESS ON TUESDAY
MOKNITG. OCTOBER IT.
at 369 Wabaah-ar.,* at 10 o'clock, and desire to do*
veto thri: entire energies to relievo their snfibrlng
saving depositors, and will pay in aacu of
TWENTY DOLLARS. OK LESS,
to such depositors as may need money for present
wants.
Bank
Tho Union Insurance Si Trust Company will open
for general banking business on
IS, at their branch office 316 Mitwaukee-av.. and will
open about the Ist of November at 37 West Madison*
st., under the Sherman House.
The Fifth National Bank
Will bo open for business at 449 Wahaah-av., on and
after MONDAY, Oct. 10.
ISAAC G. LOMBARD,' Cashier.
The Marine Company, of Chicago,
J. Y, SQAMMON
will for tho present occupy office
NO. 231 COTTAGE GBOVE-AV.
As suon ns vaults are built, the above.named bank
will remove to the corner of Cuugr<-Bs-at. and Mlchi*
guD-av., which place it will occupy until the old site
is rebuilt.
Germania Bank of Chicago,
NO. 17 MILWAUKEE AVENUE.
The Germania Bank has established its new office
at the above place, and is doing the regular business
as heretofore.
Old accounts are liberally settled and new accounts
opened io tho customary way.
C. KNOBELSDORF.
W. J. HALLER, Cashier.
Cushman Hardin,
BANKERS,
57 CALDME l‘-AV.,
Just north of Twenty-second-st.
We have resumed business at our temporary office,
and are prepared to meet nil demands. Deposits re
ceived. anil our regular banking busmen transacted
as usual. Accounts of city merchants and country
banks will have our special attention. Drafts on the
East cashed and collected
The Cook County
National Bank
IS OPEX FOB BESIXESS AT
323 JIICniGAX-AT.
The City National Hank
Aro building afire-proof vault In tboir new office,
on the northeast corner of Clinton and Washing*
tuo-sts., and will resume business in a few days.
TUe.Rcal Estate loan and Trust Com
pany
Will or*" for business at
016 WABASII-AV.,
Wednesday mornln*. October IS.
Office of merebants’ Savings,
LOAN AND TRUST CO. t 414 Wahash-av.
All depositors aro requested to forward me AT
ONCE, at above address, a statement of their ac
count with tho bank. for verification.
cuag Ttcr?gnfvrnc. r’aai.tAi-
il. Claussenlaa Co*,
BA^KEns,
And tho Consulate of the North Q-rrann Union,
25t West Uando!ph-st.
Traders’ National Rank,
447 WABASII-AV.
Open and read* for business ns usual.
Banking House ol C. Follausbee Sun.
The above Arm nro now perfecting arrangements to
open business at their new office. No. 173 Twenty
aecond-st., where niey will bo ready to resume on or
ftboot the ?ith instant.
REAL ESTATE.
MAPLEWOOD!
ADJOINING OLD CITY LlillTS,
4 Miles from Court House I
15 MINUTES’ RIDE
Accessible by steam cam; fare C? 4 cents; sidewalks
have been laid. Tbo nroperty it ornamented with
several thousand shade trees. Tho Artesian Well
flowiuc at the ratu of
350 Gallons Per Minute
Of para and clear water. Liberal iada<-»* fDts of
fered to parties wUJiing to build.
A. R. WING CO.,
SfIq,WABASII AVENUE.
REAL ESTATE OEEIOE
1 op
SNYDER LEE,
Room 17 Nixon Building, northeast corner Monroe
and LaSalle. Also West Side office at No. 9 South
Ilalsted-gt.. Masonic Bnlldlng. comer Randolph.
Field, King Co. arid Jacob Weil
HAVE REMOVED
to
443 MICHIGAN-AV.
We have applications now for the purchase and
rental of real estate in the Burnt District, South
Side. Send in your lists at once.
RAILROADS.
Pittsburgh, Ft. Wayns
A.\D
Chicago Railway
IS ALL RIGHT
Trains leave from comer of Madison and
Canal streets Chicago, as heretofore.
0:00 A. M. Express entire train trltlx Pullman's
Police Care throagh to New York without
change.
3:15 p.M. Express with Pullman's Palace Cars
through to New York without change.
0:00 P. M. Express with Pullman's Palace Cara I
through to New York without change.
5:30 A. 31. Mall stops at all stations.
5:15 P. M. Valparaiso Accommodation.
Ticlceta for Passage and Sleeping Cars
at depot.
W. C. CIELAXDi
Asst. Gen’l Passenger Agt
STEAMSHIPS.
Inman Line,
Carrying the British and United States Mails.
The office of this
STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Is a Boom 5
WELCH’S BUILDING,
C 3 SOUTH CANAL-ST.
FRANCIS C. BROWN. Agent.
Special Notice.
Lake Shore Michigan Southern
RAILWAY.
Passenger trains will arrive and depart from the
new du-pot on Polk-st. Passengers from tho Sooth
Side can take* tho trains at Twenty-second-st., as
heretofore. Passengers from the West Side can se
curd tickets and information at tho new office
southwest corner of Canal and MaJison-ats. Alsu
at new acp»t ou Polk-st., and at passenger station
on Twenty-second-st.
P. E. MOUSE,
General Western Passenger •m.
C. F. HATCH, General Sup:.
Erie Mil Store
i-iiisrE.
Xlic Offlco of tlie Erie and
North Shore ILinc will be found
at
769 Wabasli-av
Frdsht by this line Is now un
loading and ready for delivery
at Depot of tho Northwestern
Railway, corner Canal and Si:.-
tecntta-sts., West Side, orntC.,
B. and Depot.
3. W. SMITH, Agent.
Lake Store &lcMpii Sonttern
lEa-A-HiSO-A-D.
Tho General Frelclit Offlco of the LAKE SllOli y
i MIGUIGaN SUUfTIEICN RAILROAD and
office of tli- RED LINE TRANSIT COMPANY. i«
at tho Freight Depot of tho Uoad.nt thocnrrarjf
Polk and Gristvold-st*. A branch office of the
lied Line and South SJtore Line
HAS BEEN OPENED in tbs Ticket Office ol thi
Lake Shore tb Michigan Southern Ifsil
rood,
At the southwest corner of
31 ADI 30 N AND UANA L- 3 T :5.
G. 31. GRAT,
Assistant Goucr.il Freight nprn
Erie North Shore Line.
The Office of the Uric Jb IVorth Shore
Liue will be found at TOO TVabasli-r.r.
Freight by this Lino i« now unloading
and ready for delivery at Repot of tixr
Northwestern Railway, corner Cana!
and Sixteenth-st., West Side, or at C. r
B. «fc Q. Repot. J. W. SMITH, A«cnt.
THE LOCAL FREIGHT OFFICE OP THE IL
LINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD CO. IS LOCA
TED AT WELDON SHOPS, WHERE FREIGHT
CHARGES WILL BE PAH) AND CONTRACTS
GIVEN. FREIGHT, IN QUANTITIES LESS
THAN CAR LOADS, WILL BE RECEIVED AND
DELIVERED AT C., 8.. Q. FREIGHT HOUSE.
CAR-LOAD LOTS ON THE OLD GROUND.
Chicago and Northwestern Railway
Company,
Is now ready far business. Shipments of freights for
paint* on the Gale.m and I»tr* Divisions, and Dia
mond Jo. Lini-fueamers, will to received at the Oct
Fright Dop.il tor WUcmsio Division, corner of
Jefferson and lnUUna**ta., ur at the Transfer Depot,
corner of Jefferson and Mxteeatli-sts.
Freight arriving at Chicago mar bo found at tho
in treight <i- puts, located ns absTe.
office of the General Freight Agent, 75 Klajil>at.,
upstairs. C.C.-T»Ttsetrit2_——
Gec»r«l Freight Agent.
The Atlantic, Pacific Gt. Western
Telegraph Companies will open their general ofllcu
on Saturday next, 14th Inst., at SG Canal-et*
On and After Date,
Chicago Bock Island Pacific Railroad passaa/'-
trains will learo from corner Polk and Sberrraa-at-
American Emigrant Company.
Foreign and Domestic Exchange; ocean tickets tv
and from Europe. General ratiyrjy ticket office
Western Office, 3J West Kinzie-at.
X'KED. NELSON. Agent, Chicago,
Chicago, Kock Island Pacific Kali-
road.
NOTICE—The Passenger Depot of this company is
now located at the corner of Polk and btierman-sts.,
at which place trains arrive and depart as usual.
HUGH RIDDLE. Gen. Sap’t.
A. 31. SMITH. Gen. Pass'gor Agent.
Chicago, Rock Island Pacific R. R.
Trains leave and arrive at Twcnty-aecond-s:.
station, on Clark. Leave—At 10 a. m., 4;30 p. m.,
and 10p.m. Arrive—At 7a. m.,9;45a. m.,and
10 p. m.
General offices arc located at the corner of Clark
and Twclfth-9 ts.
MERCHANT TAILOR.
ELY,
Draper anti Tailor,
Is still ALIVE and well,
and, with, a CHOICE stock
of WOOLLENS, is at his
Parlors,
657 Wabash-av.,
Between Thirteenth and
Fonrteenth-sts., in readi
ness to serve his city and
country patrons as usual.
Established in Chicago,
1854. f
IRON FLU/ais!
TING
New York and Chlcaco.
BOILER IRON FLUES
AND GALVANIZED IRON.
Tyng Co., horned out at 30 LaSal!e-sL, hare
resumed business la tho commodloos machine
factory of L. B. Walker Co.,
67 and 69 South Canal st.
A largo stock of galvanized Iron oa hand.
000 hundred tons of boilerplates and heads now
on the way from the East.
Best American and English flues furnished In
frmn aiu> tn (An /Infa _ __
Orders solicited and correspondence promptly
answered.
T¥NS CO.,
07 and 09 South Canol-st., Chlcaso,
IfEW TOBK s 08 WUllam-st.
FREIGHT.
CHICAGO ALTON
RAILROAD.
FREIGHT NOTICE
Freight will bo received for shipment at tec
old place, comer Van Duran find Cnarle.<-«is.
Freight arriving will be delivered at Houghs
Packing Donae, south side Ualated-.t bridge.
Wo ore ready to receive and deliver all
promptly.
Merchants will please jßSffiy m 0 wiere thr g|b
be found. s a. d. REID MB
Medical.
Dr. Franklin Bracks.
OFFICE 153 THIRD AVENUE,
between Harrison and Polk-*ts., South Side tree**
all diseases and complaints. Tbo afflicted may ciV:
oraddn-ss the doctor on all confidential matters*
Invalids can be provided with apartments, board
attendance, etc.
Dr. C. Bigelow
Haa removed from No. *79 South Clark-at.. corner nf
Mooroc-st., to No. 46« South Stato-it., Chicago I'J
Call or address all communications to No 464aon*h
Statc-st. I,would hereby caution the public that one
O. C. Jurom?, TSioalii llal.LeJ-st,, I, mrtiVg iws?
my name and reputation (iu absoijcoof tbecourts*
I can only say that I am In no Way whatever coo
oected with that clhcu.
Dn. C. BIGELOVr.
An Essay
Devoted to the welfare of thou who sutler from tho
effects of self-abuse, presenting means l>y which thi/
may be permanently cured. Sent tree recur*!/
sealed. Address C. K. THOMAS. I’eit o"**s lb
“11*, New York city,
GO.,

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-18 page 2 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-18/ed-1/?sp=2 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:49Z ========

fpc |ribmi£.
b-
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 18, 1671.
Tan Chicago Tsibuks has opened Its offices at
No. 15 South Canal street, West Division, and the
Taper will hereafter he regularly issued from that
place mi further notice.
TO ADVERTISERS,
Wo devote all the space wo can possibly spare'
to advertisers in this mornings ‘paper, and
thnse-whofind that their advertisements are left
oat will pardon it to the necessity of giving n
tulr portion of our columns t<» the reading pub
l?c. The demand for intelligence is not only In
satiable, hot it is absolutely necessary to the
welfare of the people and the city that much of
that which we publish should go to the public.
Wo divide our space between the reader and the
advertiser, and that is the best we can do for
ImtE ela*ses, The advertiser will understand
that the earlier in the day ho gives us what he
wishes to have published, and the smaller the
rpace into which ho condenses it, the more
■ikely it is to find a place In our columns.
THE GOTKBSOR’S MESSAGE.
The Governor, in his message to the Leg
islature, discusses elaborately the question
of the power of the State to meet, consti
tutionally, the pressing emergency -which
rests upon Chicago. He recommends that
the State come forward and relieve this
city and county of the care of the poor,’
Insane, and the prisons, and farther ad
vises that the State release the canal of
the lien it has upon it, by refnnding to
Chicago the $2,500,000 expended by the
city, with interest There is, however, no
money in the Treasury to meet this action.
The Governor suggests that the money be
raised by direct taxation, as that is the
shortest and most direct mode of accom
plishing the end. This would require a
revision of the State assessments and a
reduction of the levy upon Cook County.
It would still take nearly a year to collect
the tax.
The constitutional prohibition against
the creation of any State dclit beyond
$250,000, except for the purpose of
repelling invasion, suppressing insur
rection, or defending the State in
vrar, tho Governor examines criti
cally. Tho conclusion he reaches
is that, though the letter of the constitution
limits the creation of a debt to tbo pur
poses indicated, the spirit of the article
refers to any great emergency destructive
•of the life, property, or security of the
people. .Ho argues that the calamity
'which has fallen on Chicago, comes within
the true spirit of the constitution.
The Governor reasons broadly and
soundly, and it is bard to sec how his
view of the case can be gainsaid except on
technical grounds. The State reserved
in the contract made with Chicago the ex
press right to assume the indebtedness,
remove the lien of this city, and take full
possession of tho canal and its revenues.
This contract was made long before the
new constitution was framed or adopted.
Is it not a reasonable proposition that
the constitutional inhibition against creat
ing a State debt docs not apply* to the
Ciicago lien on the State’s property? It
is very certain that no member of the
co ivention claimed that it interfered
xviih the contract aforesaid. And
is it really creating a State debt,
in the proper sense of the
term, for the State to borrow money
to remove a lien ou its property’ existing
at the time the constitution was made
The State owns the canal, subject to this
mortgage. If it borrows money to pay off
the encumbrance it reduces one debt as
much as it increases another. The State
is in debt now to Chicago two and a half
millions for completing the canal. If it
pays this debt by creating another of equal
amount, there is dearly no increase in the
State debt
Bat if any members of the Legislature
fiee proper to interpose narrow and tech
nical objections, they cannot deny or dis
pute the power of the General Assembly
to revise tbe assessment rolls of State val
uation to something nearer the real value
of properly, and it will not be difficult to
revise the amount of the lien upon, say,
1,000 millions of taxable property. The
actual cash value of the .property of the
Slate must exceed 2,000 millions. If this
were done it would not be difficult
for Chicago to obtain the money as fast
pg it could Ko nco/1 nrnn faith that the
tax would be paid over as fast as collect*
cd. The tax will all be collected and paid
in by the Ist of next September—a large
part of it much sooner,—and if the tax
were levied, and the proceeds appropriated
to refund to Chicago, there would not be
much difficulty in the city getting a tem
porary loan on the faith of the tax list
"Whatever plan may be adopted, the city
will be extremely grateful to Governor
palmer for bis kind and manly efforts in
onr jjebalfin this great season of trial.
THE OCIOCER EIECTIOXS.
The October elections never bed so hard
a time in getting before the public. The
papers, even of the respective States in
which the elections are held, have great
difficulties in obtaining returns enough to
deduce from them an accurate statement
of the general result. The complexion of the
news is generally favorable to the Repub
licans, indicating slight Republican gains
(in a somewhat fuller vote) upon the results
of two years ago. In Pennsylvania the
Republican majority is now set at 15,000;
in Ohio General Noyes is elected Governor
ny 20,000. and lowa has maintained her
place in the front rank of Republican
States by rolling up nearly or
quite her regular 40,000.
The Legislature in lowa, how
ever, shows several Republican losses,
owing chiefly, it is said, to the combina
tions with the Democrats formed bj* the
friends of particular candidates for Sena
tor, when they found that their opponents
had the regular nominee. The Allison
jnen charge this sort of practice quite
freely upon Harlan’s friends.
The result in Texas has doubtless sur
prised greatly the adherents of Governor
Davis, who expected, with their facilities
for suppressing the votes of their oppo
nents, to carry the State easily; instead
ofvffitch they bare been beaten in every
Congressional District This result shows
that corruption and Tammanyism are not
adapted to Republican methods, and
should be a sufficient warning to Governor
Davis and all others in politics to he just
and virtuous if they would bo happy, in
politics or out of it
TtUnJn Tc-l~r,<i i.—. on oeveral
constitutional amendments, one of which
wag to abolish the property qualification
now requited of foreign-born electors;
another proposed to abolish the registry
tax now imposed upon all non-assessed
voters; and a third proposed to prohibit
.any appropriation of money for sectarian
schools. All were voted down—the first
very emphatically, and the second scarcely
loss so. The third lacked only a few votes
of the requisite three-fifths majority.
Men of capital at the East will hardly
need to be reminded that there is an ab
sorptive market in Chicago at present for
all the surplus capital which they may
have to spare, at reasonable rates of inter
cs?T^Q u p large jobbers and other dealers
will be "'iiberally accommodated by their
Eastern cosrespo n jf£atsf but there will be
great numbers of smaller houses, particu
larly those which were young, which will
suffer seriously for lack of capital to re
plenish their stocks. Among their em
ployes, also, the suffering will be great;
for the employed classes, who will be
stripped of their means of sustenance bj*
the general calamity, consist largely of
persons who arc too proud to receive aid
through any public channel. These class
es, and those who hare, in a email way,
invested their all in the future of Chicago,
and who now see that future set hack
several years into the past, are likely to
be really the severest sufferers by the fire.
They Lave plenty of energy, plenty of
hope, and a good share of experience,
fheir only lack is capital. Whoever can
contribute this desideratum (bestowing it
upon such Chicagoans as be knows, or
placing it in the hands of such loan agents
as he can trust) will, by so doing, not only
make a profitable investment of his
money, but will gain the satisfaction of
aiding quite as effectively in the. relief of
suffering Chicago as the most of those
who have bestowed absolute gratuities.
TUB BELIEF FUS’D.
We understand that some dissatisfac
tion is expressed by some of the city 41l
derraen that the management and distri
bution of the supplies and money
contributed from all parts of
the country have been com-,
milled to other hands than those
of their board. There is no use wasting
words on this subject The Aldermen have
no official authority in the premises. This
money and supplies gWen for the benefit
of the sufferers by the fire are not reve
nues of the city, and the Council
have no more legal control over
them than they have over the
money in the National Treasury. The
Mayor is a member of the Aid Society,
and his authority is as a member of that
ociety, and not as Mayor. The money
has been committed to his care, not as
city funds, hut as trustee for its -proper
distribution.
It is a relief to the public to know that
the Common Council, as an official body,
have no authority in the premises.
There is not a donor in all the
broad land who would not, bad
he thought it necessary, have stipulated
in advance that no part of it should be
placed in the hands of the Chicago Board
of Aldermen, and it will,go a great way to
confirm the confidence of the liberal peo
ple of the country to know that the money
and the supplies they have sent are not
subject to the requisition nor the appro
priation of the Common Council. Re
spectable members of the Council will
take no offence in this exclusion. They
know that the hoard, os a whole, is not
honest in any sense of the word, and would
waste, squander, and appropriate for their
personal gain this special and sacred fund,
even if the streets were thronged with
starving people. The whole city breathes
more freely because this fund has been
rescued from the designing men who were
intent upon appropriating it. Any action
by any members of the Council to get pos
session of this money will evoke not only
public contempt but universal indignation.
THE INSURANCE LIST.
Wc continue, in another column, tbe
statement of tbo assets and losses of the
various Eastern insurance companies do
ing business in Chicago. The losses have
swamped a few companies, but the great
bulk of the companies will stand tbe
shock, though it will seriously, if not fa
tally, embarrass their future operations.
Concerning our local companies, tbe situ
ation is regarded as mainly hopeless,
though there may be exceptional cases.
The great and reckless competition, in
duced companies to take risks to an un
limited extent, and waste their receipts
in extraordinary expenses for solicitors.
The result has been that a majority of
these companies have been buried beneath
their losses. In many cases the capital
and assets do not equal 10 per cent of tbe
losses. But even in these cases tbe capi
tal is invested in mortgages upon property
which has been destroyed. It will take
considerable time to have a settlement of
tbe insurance by local companies, and
there are but few persons who are waiting
for payment of that class of insurance in
order to resume business.
WIUX WAS DESTROYED.
IVe bavd refralued publishing any map
of the burnt district No map can impart
the faintest conception of the magnitude
of the disaster wfnch has overtaken the
city. On the consumed portion was con
centrated tbe great bulk cf the wealth of
the city. It was also tho most densely
populated part The unconsumed part
consists chiefly of Ttrivafo rnslrlann.n.s. mnl
utudes of them cheap wooden structures.
A map of the city plat exhibits a vast area
untouched by fire; but it does not convey
the information that not less than eighteen
square miles cf this space is open prairie,
on which scarcely a habitation has yet
been erected. It was annexed from the'
adjoining townships to accommodate the
future growth of the city and for park
purposes. \7e think it would be sale- to
estimate that two-thirds of the capital in
vested in buildings in the entire city per
ished on that dreadful Monday.
WATER AXD GAS.
Our local columns announce the wel
come intelligence that the large engine of
the water works is now repaired, and that
the engineer hope* to get a supply of lake
water into the hydrants of our citizens
early to-day. The South Side will also
soon be furnished with gas from the works
of the People's Gas Company, which is
pushing rapidly its arrangements for es
tablishing a connection through the La-
Salle street tunnel. In order that this
may be accomplished in the most speedy
manner possible, some concert of action
is necessarj* whereby the rubbish can be
cleared away from the ruins in the South
Division, so that the supply pipes to each
building can be reached, and
tion with the mains cut off.
The way in which the commerce of Chi
cago is rising up from the ashes of its for
mer greatness is shown in the fact that
the grain shipments of Monday aggregated
330,383 bushels, and that freight room was i
taken yesterday for 312,000 bushels more.
The same activity is displayed in most
other branches of business.
During the past few days the Sherman
House News Depot has kindly supplied us
with files of late New York papers.
Announcements,
Colonel Eastman, the Postmaster, announces
mac mo uuu«/ «iuu>
in full operation, and is ready to pay all orders
promptly. Postmasters making deposit* should
remit National Bank drafts on Now York, or
send currency by registered letters.
—A registered letter liir Edgar S. Komar is id
the bands of Sam. J. Mcdtll, at Xus Tkiqu.se
office.
—The street railway tracks in the North Pi-,
vision are being rapidly repaired, and the cars'
will be run on North Clark street and Clybourne
avenue to the river in n f»wdnys. Tha company
is nuiiaing temporary stables on Clybourao ave
nue, and it is intention to furnish all requisite
facilities for street car travel on tbo North Side.
—lt was decided veslerday by the Board ol
Directors cf the .-irfrcrncc. tbo Congregational
newspaper published in this city, to resume
its publication'immediately, missing but one
number because of the fire. The Advance was
fortunate enough to save a copy of its subscrip-
tion list, although its account books, types, MSS
and other property of every sort was entirely
destroyed.
Shareholders in the Chicago Building Society,
will bo pleased to know that the hooka and
d'loamonls have been caved, and that, owioe to
tbo peculiar mode of Investment adopted by
the society, they trill suffer no Inss by tbo fire.
The temporary office is at No. 37 West Wash
ington street.
—The ticket office of the Pittsburgh, Fort
Way no «t Chicago Railroad is at 43 Weai
Madison street, in the new Sherman llou<e.
—A valuable paper, belonging to Mrs. Marga
ret Lenahan, end found .during the fire, may bo
recovered at No. 233 Michigan avenue.
—The Pension Agency has been established at
Congress Hall.
—Parties wishing men to work should apply at
the Centenary Church.
—The noon prayer meeting is held each day at
tbo American Reformed Church, on West Wash
ington street. D. L. Moody will lead to-day.
Beal Estate.
The following instruments were filed for record
in tho office of tbo Recorder, at the High School
building, commencing Monday, Oct. Iti
Warrantee deeds--Sub lot 9 oflot2 in Block 33
of w &cc. 21, 39,14. with the building No. 125
£6“000 P 'r tar d t<:4 o -consideration,
-2 louin block Bof Wentworth, n w Sec. 31
aideraihnn £3*ooo. properly d -n
Lota G and 7, of Lot 19. in Block'lo of Rock
well addition, dated October G; consideration.
Quit claim deeds, 3: mortgages and trust deeds
covering real estate, 9; chattel mortgage* 7
The office of the Recorder of Deeds is at* the
Holst cho l k^Mmg, on Monroe street, near
RELIEVING THE DESTITUTE,
Plan of Relief Adopted, and tlic
Work Proceeding: Actively
and Intelligently,
How Food, Fuel, Clothing, etc. are
being Distributed—The City
Districted.
The Able-Bodied Must Remain
in the City and Help
.to Bebuild.
The Noble Generosity of onr
Sister Cities and Towns.
In this City,
From the inevitable chaos in which wore in
volved the efforts to afford relief to the desti
tute in this city, has boon gradually evolved h
system which, though necessarily imperfect,
promises to give intelligent aid to the deserving,
to promote healthy activity on the part of the
needy in relieving their own necessities as far
os possible, and to check the growing tendency
to fatten at leisnre on the bounty of our slater
cities, which threatens to become general among'
the more unprincipled of the sufferers, and the
rogues who have not suffered at all.
Tan Thicdne. some days ago, published the
proclamation of the Mayor, turning over to the
Chicago Relief and Aid Society all contributions
for the suffering people of this city.
With almost inconceivable labor, the society,
have systematized their scheme, and now prom
ise to go ahead with as few blunders as possible.
The Executive Committee have appointed the
following sub-committees, thus dividing the
work, os nearly as possible. Into eight equal por
tions. The sub-committees aro as billows:
No. I. On receiving, storing, and sorting sap
plies, and dealing out upon requisitions from
other committees. Murry j Nelson, Chairman,
aided by General Hardee.
No. 2. Committee on Shelter, to provide lent?
and barracks. T. M. Avory, Chairman.
No. 3. Committee on Employment, to provide
labor t»r able-bodied applicants. Chairman, N.
K. Fairbauk.
No, 4. Committee on Transportation, to pro
vide passes for persons, and freight accommoda
tions for supplies. Chairman, Qeo.M. Pullman.
No. 5. Committee on Reception and Corrc*
spondence, to receive visitors and answer all
despatches and letters. Chairman. Wirt Dexter.
No. 6. Committee on Distribution of Food.
Clothing, and Fuel. O. C. Gibbs, Superintend
ent of Relief and Aid Society, Cbairmnn.
No. 7. Committee on Sick. Sanitary, and Hos-.
pital Measures. Dr. 11. A. Johnson. Chairman.
No. 8. Executive Committee,.consUting-ol
R. B. Mason, the Mayor, and the City Comp
iroller. the President and Chairman of the.Ex
jcutivo Committee of the Chicago Relief and
Aid Society, together with the Chairman of each
>f the foregoing committees, shall.constitute.an:
Auditing Committee, and control of all
contributions. No bills to bo paid -unless upon
checks or drafts signed by the President or
Chairman of the Executive Committee of thi-
Relief and Aid Society, countersigned by R. B.
Mason, Mayor.
VESTEEDXV
tho Executive Committee of the society, having
their headquarters at Standard Hall, corner of
Michigan avenue and Thirteenth street, issued
;ho following notice:
Headquarters, 100 West Washington at.
To the Public;
The Chicago Iloliof and Aid Society this morn
ing assumes tbo control of tho distribution ol
supplies of food, fuel, and clothing, under the
organization and plan given below. This super
■?ede3 and relieves, the form of distribution that
has been gains on up to tho present time. The
pressure upon the District and Sub-District offi
ces and Superintendents will for a fow days be
immense, and wo invite the co-operation and
assistance of all citizens in carrying into opera
tion the plan of organization and work adopted.
Aid will especially bo needed in directing the
needy to the right office for obtaining supplies.
Posters printed In English. Gorman and Scan
dinavian. giving full information,tho boundaries
of districts and sub-districts, and location of
office forsupplying tho same, will be posted to
day in all pans of the city. With earnest and
nearly co-operation on tbe part of- all, and pa
tience and-forbearanco toward such irregulari
ties and delays as must be unavoidable in put
ting into practical operation a plan of visitation
and-reliefon so Urge a scale, but few day*~wilt
elapse before every needy family will have beoi.
visited, their condition and circumstances re
corded in tbo office of tho district in which the}
reside, and aid intelligently rendered according
to necessities.
district no. 1,
Territory—Tho North Division. Superinten
dent, Robert Colly <-r: office. Lincoln School. Or
chard street, sear Fullerton avenue.
district no. 2.
Territory—All of tho West Division lying
north of Kiosie street: Superintendent, F. M.
Rockwell.
Sub-District No. I—All that portion of the
above, lying north of Augusta street. Office,
church corner of Rucker and Division streets.
£ab-District No. 2—All that portion of the
above, lying south ot Augusta street. Office.
Tabernacle Church, corner of Morgan and Indi
ana streets.
DISTRICT NO. 3.
Territory—All or the West Division bounded
by Kinzle and Twelfth streets, and tbo river and
city limits: Superintendent, General O. L
Mann,
Sub-District No. I—All tho above district
lying cast of Ualited street. Office, St. Patrick’.
Church, corner of Adams and Desplnine*
streets.'
Sub-District No. 2—All of the above district
tying between Ilalatcd street and Ashland ave
nue. Office, Jfo. 390 West Madison street, near
Centre avenue.
Sub-District No. 3 All of tbo above district
lying westof Asnlanu avenue. Office, basement
•if Park Avenue M. E. Church, corner of Park
avenue and Robey street.
DISTRICT NO. 4.
Territory—All of tbo West Division lying south
of Twelfth street. Superintendent, T. X. Pros-
Sab-District Jfo. I—All of the above district,
b.unded by West Xwclftn atreat and river, and
tbe Chicago, Burlington Quincy Railroad,
river and Centro avenue. Office in church on
Hoisted street, near Twsuty-second street.
Sub-District No, 3—Bounded by West Twelfth
street. Centre avenue, river and city Hi?** s
Office Mitchell street, pear T/brooc,
Territory—All of the Soutt ilivlsion; Super
intendent, J. C. Hill.
Sab-District No. I—All of tbo above district
north of Twenty-second street. Office, base
ment of' Plymouth' Church, corner of Wabash
avenue and Eldridga court,
Sub-District No. 2—All of tbo above district
lying south of Twenty-second street. Office,
corner ol State and Twenty-second streets.
NOTICE.
No person will receive aid from any office but
of tbo district and sub-district In which he re
sides. All churches and other buildings from
which supplies have been given out to families
will bo subject to the control of the Superin
tendent of the district, and those in charge oi
the same will give out no more supplies except
on bis order or that of some person duly author
ized by him. O. C. Gibbs,
General Superintendent of tho distribution of
supplies.
TBE SUB-COMMITTEES,
with the exception of those on transportation,
and correspondence, hare their headquarters at
No. 409 West* Washington street. -The cxcep*
tioos are at Standard Ilall.
COMMITTEE ON* STORING AND RECEIVING SUPPLIER.
Hurray Nelson is Chairman of this Commit
tee, whose duty is. on receiving notice of the
arrival of provisions at the depot, to convey them
thence to the supply depots, Tobey t t Booth’s
warehouse. Shaw’s warehouse. N0,48 West Ran
dolph street, Nos. 50 and 52 Canal street, and the
West Side Rink. The duties of this committee
are very simple, but give plenty of employment.
THE COMMITTEE ON SHELTER
have on their hands about os much as a dozen
men in the office can attend to. T. M. Avery is the
Chairman, and he has arranged a system which
promise* to bo very valuable. Tbo general ob
ject of the society, is to prevent, as much os pos
sible. the hording together indiscriminately, and
m largo numbers, of btjrnt’out sufferers, or per
sons claiming shelter. They aro opposed en
tirely to the throwing pell-moll into the heart of
the city a crowd of idle and vicious characters.
I whose barrnckswill bo tbo hot-bed of vice and
I sickness. They aro la favor of soatte'ring
the temporary dwellings throughout the entire
city, including the burned district. In fast, any
where the, applicant may find a lot. Every ap
-1 plicaut for assistance is compelled to answer tbo
following questions: Name; former residence:
where located Qumbor of family; ifburned
1 out, whether owner of lot ojr house; location of
lot -where ho will build; occupation;
what kind of wqrk, if any. bo wants;
reference: what Insurance, and in
what company; amount of money if any in bank,
and any circumstances looking to show cause
for assistance, Tbo committee began tbeir
work on Monday, by recoiling- applications.
1 Each application is thoroughly investigated.
Unless endorsed by some trcllable and well
known citizen, or in case of the most urgent
necessity applications will 1)0 refused. When
the fofafenco is good, tbo oprl‘££t!O nß is
instantly fciipijetj 19 (ho purchasers 11. AI. Fuller.
If rhs consists of only throe persons, an
order is givefi on any lumber dealer who will
honor tbo orders of the committee, for lumber
for a house 12x16 feet, with amounts af lumber
specified, tihould the family bo larger, the
faouao is to be 15x20 feet, for which a
correspondingly largo amount of wood
is ordered. The committee bare prepared
cuTtiTfeadinosi"'foYuse,*Ufb only'
tosettowork and build. If the applicant is a
widow, or physically incapacitated from build
ing, thocommittee giro orders to bui'd for her.
Tbcir intcnlion and desire is to more the low
class of people as quick-yas possible from the
barracks, and convert their present quarters into
storehouses. The citizens of the Seventeenth
Ward bare already organized a co-operative
association to oct in concert with
the committee. They report applications
and references, and tbo committee give the
necessary orders. At the headquarter#, yester
day, though the life and activity was wonder
ful, the order maintained, and iho promptitude
with which applications were filed, examined,
and reported en was equally astonishing. Be
tween yesterday morning and noon 100 families
helped to help themselves..
COMMITTEE ON EMPLOYMENT*
The report 01 this committee should bo an
index to the condition «.ftbo sufferers mb regards
tbelr willingness to giro quid pro gno for the
bounty they receive, J3a£ tbejr report |s not en
couraging, N» K, Fairbank is the Cboirwhn of
tbat committee.. He has put.himsoTin o.inmu
mention with contractors and others who aro in
search of employes, and daily sends round to the
various distributing points a list o
situations offered for men ond women, Offers of
employment for builders and servant gifts are
pouring in from all quarters, but tbe applicant*
for situations aro wonderfully scarce. When au
applicant forreliel comes for food undolutblng.
the question as to wbejhor ho or she is willing
to work is immediately put, Tbe reply is inva
riably in tbe affirmative; but tbo situa
tions .do not suit. Mr. Wirt Dexter
yesterday showed to our reporter
a call for 800 men to work oo tpo,St Mary's Fall
Capal. at $2 ncr diem, which humjnds bad al
ready refused to accept. It is pn.bafalo that tbc
committeo wiU shortly look :nto this matter
with great scrutiny.
TB.IXSPORTATIOX COMMITTEE.
At Ibe head of a large table in a front room In
Standard Hall, Georgo Pullman, Chair
man ef tbo Committee on Transportation,
ts signing passes for free transportation. Six
assistants aro setting around tbo tab.e. examin
ing with (he greatest possible cure, every appli
cation for a free pass, which, unless it b.-ars tho
endorsement of some good and substantial citi
zen,is quietly rejected. Only the worthless are
allowed to leave tho nity. Able-bodied men of
lazy-disposition.- may save themselves the
trouble of applying: men who have
suffered in no wny from the firo may spend their
time more profitably than In walking to Stan
dard Hall. None but the obtain Iroo i
transportation, and, therefore, none but tbo do
serving need apply. i
COMMITTEE OX EXCEPTION AND CORRESPONDENCE. I
D fit Dexter w tho Chairman ofthis commit*
s.irics ts dodo other than Mr O P pikk# it,*
s&raa*was*
COMMITTEE OS BICE, SANITARY, ASD HOSPITAL
MEASURES.
R f„ h committoo is c-.mpoaed of Dm, Johnson.
Ranob, Ash. and Mo\ ichor, and their daties are
pre-sinE. ardunns, and unen viable, but they hare
?hAfr r^.?™ P -rf! roil re “i t ar<i systematising
f ff Cly hw been divided into
*5? Sfgnd divisions, ntlh districts and ihßdrs
tricts. Physicians have been appointed -to vfsit
thc charity patients and decide whether or not
they deserve medical aid. Dispensaries have
-been established in various parts of the city, and
raorerTmehortly be opened. There is one on
the West Side, three on the South Side, and odo
on the North Side, where free prescriptions are
made up and dispensed. 'Physicians are also in
attendance .day and night. The hospital
accommodations, r already greatly enlarged,
are being daily extended. The organ
ization for their manogement
will be mode to-day. Gen. Sheridan has prof
fered the assistance of the Army Surgeons o! his
command, who wil co-oporute to ihoir utmost
extent. As fur as is yet learned, the accommo
dations among tlio hospitals is as follows:
Scammon 40: St. Lake’s 70; Mercy 250. Woman’s
10; ami Pr videnco and County Hospital to
gether 700. (Preparations are being made for bar
-*»ck accommodations for 1,000 additional' pa
tients.
AUDITING COMMITTEE,
Mr. Alfred Spink has a largo room in Stand
ard Hall, and is nearly buried In business.
Twenty-five assistants are equally burdened
with work. Every bill presented must go
through their baud*, and receive the endorse
ment of the Andliii.g Committee. The amount
received In clothing, provisions, and fuel is al
ready immense, but no authentic record appears
to have been kept. About 82,006,000 have been
received in money, $400,000 in drafts and money,
and the balance in open credits. This commit
tee bus charge of the finance? <it the society.
THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
For ton minutes uur reporter was enabled to
interview Air. Wirt Dexter. That gentleman,'
with a huge pile of documents before him, bad
very little time to wast**. and bad made arrange
ments to waste none. What bo wished to have
anown was about as follows: Tbo society are
•ndcavortog to reproduce on a gigantic scale the
system which they have so successfully applied
to tbo destitute previous to tbo firo. They are
jndoavoring to help men and women to
telp thimseivcß. They have adopted a
<ysCom of regulation to check any attempt nt
roguery on tbo part of applicants for aid. The
name, age, condition, residence, occupation and
general description of overy man and woman
•vho applies is registered, and posted on the
ledger. Orders for.one week aio issued to (hose
found deserving, and visitors are* immediately
placed upon the track of the applicant to dis
cover whether tho donation has boon wisclv
made. There is no chance for “repeating'’
aerclorc. Air. Dexter is determined that it
is a matter of business, -and not n
maudlin, wishy-washy sentiment, and rascals
bare no mercy shown them. Too strictest in
quiry, therefore, is beneficial in every way to the
iesorving, while It is hard upon tbo undeserv
ing. Ho is aware that mistakes may, and proba
*ly will occur, but. in bis opinion, the injury
lone by these wi!l be trifling as compared wita
;baf which would result from lavish and.
;irofu3o' outpouring of tho funds
•vbicli' the noble generosity of tbo
nation has placed before tho society for impar
tial distribution.-"From day to day wo shall bo
enabled to lay- before our readers tbo results
achieved by. tho society. Tbo-whole world has
an interest in their action.
THE NORTH SIDE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE
have appointed a special oomtn.tteo, consisting,
of B. bVCulver. Henry Flintyc, 11. .G- Spaffurd.
Wm. H. Bradley, James L. Stark. nnaF.H.
Kales. who are requested to meet at North Side
Headquarters to-day. October 18, at 12 o'clock me.
card rnuM general _mank.
To the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sib: Thoimpression having prevailed that I
bavo charge of the general distribution-of. sup
plies for tbo West Division, I desire, in order to
avoid unnecessary trouble, to say that I otly
nave charge of all territory botwoon Kinxio and
L'wolftb streets, and tbo river and tbo western
city limits. O. L. Manx,
No. 30 West M.idison street.
ACriON OF TUB EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
.1 Avuu.i ur i a. m lotui <iu
A largi and influential meeting of the Episco
pal Clergy of this city, together with tho Stand
ing Committee, vat held at 3p. m. last Satur
day, tho Bishop biaisolt being present and prt
tiding, in order to take united action lor tbo re
lief of sufferurs by the Great Fire.
Tbo Bishop, who bad returned from tho Goi
;rnl Convention now in session, at Bala
more, for tho special purpose of
taking counsel with his clergy in
his cmergcucy. and of aiding, by bis
presence and influence tho efforts that are bciig
made on behalf of tho afflicted and destitute, ii
formed those who wore present, that at n mee>
iog of the Board of Missions bold in Baltimu'C
on the evening of Monday, tbo 9lh lost., a sun
■f £2,050 in money was raised for the relief of tio
•oflerers; which bad been placed in tbohaodsuf
tbo Mayor of the city, for appropriation.
lie also stated that all tho Bishops bad unit'd
in a pastoral letter to every parish in the couk
.ry, calling for collections to bo made in tie
churches on thoXOth instant and following Sui*
day.
It was tho unanimous sentiment of the clergy
that, in the fulfilment of tboir office os almoner
of thcCbureh cnaritics, it would be inenmbect
up-n them to act in full co-operation with tte
ienoral Relief and Aid Association, so as to
keep a check upon imposture, and to render suc
cor to the real sufferers in the most efficient man
ner.
Tncro was a very strong expression of opinion
on tbo part of the mooting, that, desirablo ns it
undoubtedly was, for tho Bishop to bo in the city
»t this juncture, still, tho great object ot bis ro
am hbving been accomplished, the cauio in
lucstion Would bo more effectually promoted by
the influence of bis personal presence among the
members of tbo General Convention; while bis
:lergy, together with their fellow-helpers, could
bo doing their part at home, toward the allevia
tion of want and suffering.
The Bishop will therefore, probably, rotura to
Baltimore within a day or two.
ODD YELLOWS.
Tho Relief Committee of the Odd Fellows are
working assiduously day and plght tocarofor
the families ot that fraternity. The work that
is facing dune by them is systematic and careful.
and those who are sending ill supplies or money
!i«cd hare no fear that their generous benefac
tions will be lavishly squandered or parsimon
iously hoarded. Tbo officers are J, Ward Ellis,
Chairman, John G. Rogers, Treasurer, E. B.
Sherman, Secretary.
The committee have been permitted to occupy
the main room of the Fifth Baptist Church,
corner of Saneamop and Harrison streets, trbexc
tney propose to elay/or the trlnfrr. All applicu
tiooa must bo made there. Supplies sent should
bo directed to J. Ward Ellis, Odd Fellow's US*
lief Committee, and money to John Q. Rogers.
Treasurer Odd Fellow?* Relief Committee. Ue
mictances and supplies are bclug constantly to*
~~«i fnrefully distributed.
CHICAGO B*i5 KP AM). AID COMMITTER.
To the vartoua Transportation KrDffjj vQII I*
nunics of Chicago
Large quantities of article# consigned to indi
viduals aro being delivered without the order of
tbo consignee. We ask that this may bo stopped.
All goods should bo hold subject to the order of
the consignee, or delivered only to this society.
By order of committee.
A PUBLIC MEETING
of the ladies of this city, under the auspices of
1 tbo Ladies* Christian Union, will bo held on
Thursday next at 4 p. m., in tbo American Re
formed Church, corner of Ann and Wash
ington streets, to organize a system .of relief fir
the multitudes of women and children rendered
d stituteby tbo late fire. Ail ladies interest**!
in the work are earnestly requested, to be
present.
THE PITTSBURGH COMMITTEE,
f The Pittsburgh Citizens’ Relief Committee ar
rived on Saturday. Their headquarters are at
the new Sherman House. Thu names of the
committee are: J. H. Jones, Chairman, H. W.
Oliver. R. If. Hartley, Wm. Douglass, Thomas
Pnolns, S. Beyner, and M. E. Murchoad. Pitts
burgh has seutliboralSy.and'tbe committee have
come to arrange lor more supplies. Too .Mayor
ol Pittsburgh has been telegraphed to establish
a depot for supplies, subject to the order of the
Chicago Relief _ and Aid Society: also
to the Ladies’ Relief Society o!
Pittsburgh to procure worm clothing for
women and children, and send on at once. The
committee report collections-thus far of over
$160,000, with more coming. Tbo Cimmon
Council have voted §IOO.OOO. over £00.009 of which
is already subscribed. The people of Pittsburgh
propose to continue tbo g-jod work. The com
mittee will remain at the now Sherman House
three or four days iongtr, and would be glad t»
see any of the sufferers in this city, who have
friends in Pittsburgh, and carry information ol
wants, and arrange for relief.
.THE CINCINNATI SOUP DOUSE.
The Cincinnati soup bouse, on' the corner of
North Peoria and iho P., C. «fc St. L. Railroad
track, will bo open for tbo free delivery of soup
to tbo needy this morning at. 8 o’clock. Per
sons wlihthg'soup wRI bring buckets or other
vessels, as it paiinot bp eatep on* tbo premises.
The soup bouse hug a capacity to cook about
J.OOffgallons daily,
RELIEF ORGANIZATIONS.
Iho gloomy cloud of our cal unity is not with
out many rays of sunshine relieving its dark
i acas. Brightest in the eye of tho observer arc
tho various benevolent organizations, displaying
i os great energy in distributing relief to tbo suf
erers.as our business mei display in recon
structing tfacir Ibuainess. ilev. R. C* Wines loft
for Springfield. last evening, after a week’s in
cessant personal labor in distributing the stores
sent by that generous city, aud co-opcraling
with tho Presbyterian clergy of tbo city in tho
organized effort to resuscitate the various ioati
tution* or that denominaiion. Wo have justsocn
J. r. McNeill, i3iq„ of Washington, D. C„ who
comosin charge of six«y boxes of supplies to
stared ut the qopot of the Young Men’s Chris
tian Association, Seventh Church, corner of
P«oria and Jackson streets. This assoointion
waJ .3U5d in FVfiling urder immediately after
tbo tire, and bus smcS sirCngfueniid its Organt
lation by appointing Rev. Robert Patterson, I).
D., Relief Secretary, and John V. Fnrwcll,
treasurer, holding the ftinds at Lunt, Preston
•fe Kean’s Banking House, where any' dona
tions for the association will ho
received. Tbo Young Men’s Christian Associa
tion will givu free Storage to the stores of dclo
country.and facilities fo£.jJU
tecs wiiom they may appoint. The noon prayer
meeting is again in operation ip tho African
Reformed Church, West street,
eornerof Aon; R svs. Patterson, Dumarosl. Wm.
Beecher, E. C. Wines, and D. L* Moody partici
pate in tho proceedings.
Outside Belief Matters.
D2LEOATIOK i-fcOU pAK+IjA,
A delegation from the Relief Committee Of
the town of Brantford. Ontario, consisting oi
Wm. Mqtbews, Esq., Mayor; T. S. Shenston,
Esq., Registrar, and if. B, looming, lssq, t ar
rived in Chicago on Saturday last, tor the par
pose of ascertaining tho moans adopted for the
proper of tho contributions sent to
uid in relieving pba distress occasioned by the.
Into firo. Alter visiting .tho various relief com
mittees of tho city, end an examination of tho
appliances used, forwarded the following report
to tho said Cpmmitteo of tho town of
Brantford t
“Having boon honored with your confidence
in deputing us to proceed to Chicago to ascertain
tho best method of disposing of your contribu
tion. deigned by you to assist, with other towns
and cities, in miilgatiqg the suffering sauced by
the calamity thaj; qqs ocialjon tho gre'nt city of
the West, ffo.lakp. an onj-ly opportunity of giv
ing nn account of our mission fiefo,
It is lamentable to aoe tqo widespread deso r
latioo, and it must occur to every oqo tho suffer*
ing entailed thereby.
“Wo desired first, to ascertain what the
machinery was that is put in operation to relievo
be necessities of tho sufferers t and secondly, tho
measures of confidence that is acoorded to those
having charge of the l&rgo and generous contri
butions' that are pouring in from all quarters.
“IVe bavo much satisfaction la stating that,
with characteristic energy, tho authorities of
Chicago have organised what appears to bo a
very complete system of relief, .and from
general inquiry wo find thodiffurent committees
aro composed of gentlemen of the highest
integrity, forming tho “Aid and Relief
mittee of tho City of Chicago,’ 1 which, being an
incorporated body, have tho entire confidence of
(bo public, and Irom conversation with tho beads
of several of these committees, th<-y express
-a strong'determination that tho aid received
shall bo judiciously and honestly distributed,”
We bavo pleasure, therefore, in reporting to
the citizens of BrautforJ and other towns en
gaged in the laudable, work of relieving in somo
moaauro the wants of tho distressed of ibis city,
that wobelievo the aid will be dispensed wlsjy
and to thobest advantage,
“We think* from information received) that
it is hotter to send each articles as can be pur
chased to good advantage in Canada and, by
coming in free of duty, will accomplish more
good tbau by sending money, and wo would
enumerate small “cooking stoves,” wooli-n
goods, and mechanics’ tools of different kinds.
It is depr-ssing and sad to see the prosperous
city levelled and in ashes: bat-the'feelings
are relieved by many Instances of cheer
ful determination that Chicago shall rise
from its ruins, and it is especially refreshing
and grateful to see the better side of human
nature, as displayed in the large and generous
contributions that are- sent here to relieve our
common brotherhood, and which are not con
fined within the narrow limits of race or nation*
ality. _
Chicago, Qct. 16, 1871-
William Mathews. Mayor,
T. S. Shexstok. Registrar,
"H.B- Lkemino.”
LETTEB FROM MB. ALEXANDER T. STEIVAET TO MR.
JOHN V. FASWnLL.
New York. Oct, 11,1871.
John V. Fanel<l, Eiq., Chicago, III.:
MT Drab Sib: Last evening I seat a telegram
to the Hon. H. B. Mason, ilayor of your city,
authorizing him to draw on mo (or $50,000, to be
distributed by him, in conjunction with yourself
and Messrs. Field and Loiter, among those needy
sufferers by the late calamitous fire which has
visited you. whom you may regard os worthy of
being aided in their misfortunes.'
I know it is a liberty I am taking to ask. you
to devote a portion of your time to this work—
employed, as yoa mast be, with your own busi
ness affairs; yet I feel assured that you will de
rive a pleasure in having it in your power to aid
in alleviating the distress of those among you
whom you,know to be worth/ and in need of as
sistance.
It is my special wish that this sum. shall bo
mainly devoted to the' aiding of women wha are
dependent for support upon their own exertions,
and also widows and children without means.'or
protectors to provide for tnem.
For yourself, accept mv very warmest expresr
stons of sympathy, confident that your well
known energy and business integrity will short
ly enable you to surmount the great misfortune
which has befallen yon.
Sincerely your friend,
Alex. T. Stbwaet.
Cairo’s bounty.
Our friends in Cairo feel hurl at the neglect of.
tho Chicago papers in not acknowledging the
generous promptitude that characterized that
city la 'despatching to this city
two oar loads of provisions'.for the.sufferers
before the fire bad ceased- its ravages. Within
onohourof the receipt of the intelligence of
our calamity, SI,OOO bad been subscribed, and
succor was on its way hither. Oar friends mtlsl
bear in mind that all the newspaperoffices In the
city were destroyed, and, though tbo spirit is
willing, tbe opportunities are sometimes want
ing. Wo are grateful to Cairo, and (hough, per
haps, a littlo late in acknowledging their bounty,
wo cheerfully do so now.
w MISCELLANEOUS.
Between $40,000 and JSoO,UOO v have' been .zub
scsibod by tbo hat, c.ipT straw goods, and mllli-'
nory lines in New York, and tho snm bos been
placed at the disposal of a committee- consisting
of D. B. Fisk, N. O. -Williams, Edson Keith; and
Mr.'GrimbleV The committee have'decided to
leave the sum in Now York for the present,
subject to their order. This ia the largest.sum
yet subscribedby any one butincss.
—Among tbo many' handsome instances of
vonorosity'whioh' have boon shown by Now
York merchants,'since our calamity came upon
us,is that displayed by Messrs Ivison, Blakcmin,
Taylor,&Co. school book publishers.who,though
losing a heavy stock of books and valuable ac
counts In their State street establishment,
telegraphed at onco to Mr. Edward Cook. Ihoir
Chicago representative, to draw on them for
SLOOO in aid tbesufferors by tho fire.
—Messrs. Culver. Page. Hoyno Ss Gn.;'ll North
Desplaincs street, have received 5625 for distri
bution in sums of $25 each, by themselves and
The WoaterovNews Company, S. C. Griggs
Co., Henry 0.-e:»hdfnep Co., Spaulding A
La. Monte. R. JLMorio.,N. M-itsu-i Co:, Cobb
Bros., Thomas Cogswed. Wendell iTlymer,
Rodaen «k Hamilton. Giles Bros., Small. Re
banks Co, These firms are requested to send
or toe money.
•“•The Insurance Company of North A merici
(Philadelphia) havo-subscribed £I,OOO for the «uf
lercrs, and, in addition, announce their intention
of payingralt losses in full.
—Robert Jlervoy bat received a telegram from
the St. Andrew's, Society of New York, to draw
for $1,200, to aid tbo Illinois St. Andrew’s Society
in relieving safferers.
Chauncoy T. Bowen has received 51,000, as
the subscription of tho Gorman American Bank,
of New York, to aid tho needy.
—Albert E. Ebert, corner of State and Twelfth
streets, has fS'-f) appropriated in San Francisco
for the relief of tbo'Chlcago druggists.
—Me«sr?.Streot A Smith,proprietors of the Now
York VTtcklu, bare" despatched an agent to this
city for tho relief of burned out news dealers.
Losers by tbo fire please call at No. 99 West Ran
dolph street (basement) as soon as possible.
—James Campbell. Portage City, Wie,, Presi
dent of the Madison it Portnge Railroad, writes
us to say that bo has a largo dwelling house at
Albany, eight miles from Brnadbead, Wis., and
eight small dwellings at Morrison, which he
will open root freo to sufferers by the into Chi
cago fire.
—Mr. Lemuel Milk, of Kinkakoo telegraphed
yesterday to Mr. C. Q. Cooley, of No: 63 Sooth
Canal street, that be is prepared to furnish house
room free for the winter, to any friend of the
latter. Applications aro in order.
—F. P. Cummins, ot CrawforJsville, Ind., of
fers to 6 d places far thirty servant girls in that
place. T ioy mav address him by mull.
—Too Young Mens’ Christina Association of
Philadelphia, in response to an appeal for aid
from too Rav. Hubert Patterson of this city, arc
working bravely for tho relief of tbo sufferers
in this city.
The Latest.
The receipts of provisions for tho Relief and
Aid Society aro falling off very largely, and wc
shall soon be thrown upon our mon»y resources.,
which cannot last long at the rate of distribution
going on. So economy should be urged upon oil
in tho use and distribution of meats and oil
food, and our Eastern friends urged to keep up
supplies of raw material as actively as possible.
iIuBRY Nelson.
MEETINGS HELD YESTERDAY.
Orphan Asylum.
At a special meeting of tbo Managers of the
Asylum, held October 17th. to take measures to
meet tho increased demand uppn their resources,
■ho following resolutions wore adopted;
Resolved, That tho Asylum parlors bo vacated at
once, and tendered to tho Relief Committee as n do-
for supplies of clothing Ac. for this district; and
also that free use of our rnemt grounds, fronting
on Wabash-nv., for the erection of l*u Mings for sup
ply or shelter, as the committee mar see fit.
Resolved,. That Ur*. Swift and Mrs. ColH«r be ap
pointed a committee to wait upon Sir. David A. Gage
to solicit an appropriation from the relief fund fur
lh»u»oof tho Asylum.
Resolved. To ftj np the fourth story of/the Asylum
jb “t az&tssxvi
•d to Bits* Sw«n. Matron, and her As'lwaute, Miss
Myers A"d Bliss Blake, for their generous otter of
gratuitous service through tbo winter;
Tbo meeting win than adjourned to mectat
’ho Asylum, October 19. at 3 o’clock p.m. All
metnborc of the board are requested to be
rreagat*
Meeting of City Pastor*.
A meeting of city pastors was held yesterday
afternoon at Plymouth CMOgregalirtnal Church,
Wabash aveou*. Rev. W. A. Bartlett presided,
The result of n brief conference was an endorse*
mont of the action of the Relief and Aid Society.
It wai also decided to bold meetings every day
at Mr. Bartlett’s study room*, f<»r the purpose of
’urthcr carrying out the work assigned to them,
and specially to take into consideration all those
eases of relief requiring delicate treatment. All
*uch cases will bo reported at these meeting*,
and will be transmitted to the proper shperin
tondcnU, -V
Knights of Pythias,
A marling of th« Kntghfs nf Pythias was held
in Fort Dearborn Lodge, I. O- of O. F.. on Mon
day evening. By a resolution the Worthy Chan
cellor of each lodge in the jurisdiction ot Chicago
was elected a member of the general reli< f com
mittee in connection with this order. The K. of
I. have been actively at work during the past
week, and valuable a'listanco has been rendered
to distressed brothers.
Tho Theatrical Managers,
Messrs. McVicker, Aiken, TTooley, and
Brandt, who u<»n«ti'tite tlio committee of relief
for actors, »mt at the Briggs Jf yesterday
morning. They Jind r ceiv-rl §1.400. and each
took »250 and divided it among tbo members of
his company. The remaining S4OO remains in
the hands of the Treasurer, Mr. McVicker. More
money Is on the way, and as aoen as it conics to
hand it will bo distributed among the actors in
need orrelio.. McVicker was tbo only manager
who. paid his company theirsalarie* for the week
ending October 13.
Board of Trade.
Tho Board of Directors of tho Board ot Trndo'
hold, mooting at A. 11. Wrieht’, office, jester
day mornmg. All the members woro present.
The only imporlapt bqslncpa transactor. wii* Joa
itructing the Committee on Tlooms tb secure a
lot.ncartbe Chamber of Commerce and erect a
temporary building at once.
Fortunate.
having, valuable watches ana dia
mqnds. at -the store of Giles, Bro. Co.' for re
pairs, will be glad to know that tbe firm took
0.-iro to preserve them, and that they are reopen
ed-lor repairing and supplying goods af eer
ier of Wabash avenue and Twenty-second
street.
MISSIXO AJVD FOUND,
Continuation of the List—A ‘Well-Known
Lawyer Among tho Former.
The following names form a continuation of
the Hat of missing" and found:” Mrs. Ed
ward Smith and two children, formerly of
Mobile, Ala., stopping at the Adam* House.
Addro»g Uoorgo Adler, Chicago Post Office.
“The family, of Ho; lUS LnUo atrest.
aro invited to make their home with Otto Rich
ter, ofSfl Sunonorslroot, Cleveland.
—James W. Krepps, Superintendent of the
Chicago Waste UoaningCompany. office corner
jeave’his'addresß al fhls bWfcV.’orVbnd if£6‘tfllU
tarn Flinn, LawnoH. Md,
.—Margaret A. P. Way, or any one knowing
Sir nK t .sfe c ßirir aio f,h Sim
”{.r an v c J 5 Agncw, builder, can bo found at No.
644 Washington Avcmto.
urgently toqulred Wtfcr urWmfe. Sophia Berg,
of No. 71ff Third avenue, Jfcw York City,
arflraT L&Tiuubheimcr, of No. 75
-North Clark street. will please telegraph to
George Uomuntjen, Sftyahn^b.tja,
_ ~Qoor»o Morr|soi| wjii |>leniia oallat No. 181
South Peoria street, whore he can hear of bis
sister.
-“Tommy Jackson. 10 year* of age, is wanted
by bis inuther at N°« JO Aberdeen street,
—rMftrgiifet gwcoqey, Joe Sweeney, or James
sWS? II w, report to Mrs. Young, at
.No. 13S. corner First and North streets.
—A little girl. 4 years of age. named McCauley,
strayed from her parents in Fulton street. She
uat Centenary Cnuroh.
—On Wednesday morning of last week, a
notice appeared in The Xbiboxk that Afw
rraneis Adams was missing. That doy Mrs
Adams called at The Teihuxe office, and left a
n..to for her h H«9Wd. which noio has hot yet
boon called for. On ifonduy the following card
wna left at this offica: u
P. \V. Adams. E«i.-Call at 2<s Michican
Ss2*i&
Oct. IG, I3TJ,
Insurance Items.
Tlio North British k Mercantile Fire Insur
ance Co. bare telegraphed to S. M, Moore Co
that they will pay their losses in full, amount
ing to $2,500,000. This they propose to do with
out touching their reserve in this country
amounting to 51,500,000, more, and have ■nh
in of the sufferers
Tfa o agents of the ootnpany, S. M.
Ir/’n^** r wP r0( business nt once,
w^‘ n e»P«uranoeat No. G3 South
Sl3 ,J V sl,n department is lo
catoa at Nc. 279 Wabash avenue, wnero a largo
?kl? 3 m* u sters “ro now a t work, to the end
possible C aims may b BC l lcd ai rapidly as
General Ducal, the agent of the Homo In
surance Company, of New York, has received a
tdegram from C. J. Martin, President, to-the
euect that the Board have just resolved unani
mously to £ll up their capital to $2,500,000 at the
earliest pracacablo moment, which will restore
tho anetsi of the Homo to nearly $4,000,000 after
paying toe Chicago losses,
CHICAGO YESTERDAY.
Tlte General Sitnation of Af
fairs Brightening.
Congratulatory Order from the
-Ziieutenant General.
Clearing the Sains —Several Fine
Buildings Commenced in the
Burnt District.
The Water-Works Bumps Set in
Operation Jiast Evening.
The General Situation.
A week is enough time for Chicago to plume
herself for a new flight. Seven days ago, yester
day, we awoke a ruined city: to-day we are
again on the high road to'material sneeess, and
□ever has there been more progress accomplish
ed in one week than in the ouo from the 9tb to
the 16th of this month. A week ago the city was
a mass of ruinsrto-day the ruins remain, but
fully. one-fourth,—perhaps one-half.—of them
are surmounted with evidences of faith in our
powers of recuperation and in the will of the city
to rise again. This period of a week
Is an important one, as. showing what onr citi
zens can do-between their periods of rest. It
may not be ont of place to briefly review what
the commercial portion of Chicago has done In a
week:
It has organised safety oat of chacto and ter
ror; nod, under the efficient administration o(
General Sheridan, bos thwarted tho design of
OVei T *kief 'and' incendiary who
may have been' •in the city.
With the contemptuous indifference to which be
has.been educated, tbe General does not believe
tbat.there have been any incendiaries or their
like in tho city, and has issued a proclamation
which is in the highest degree reassuring to cit
izens who. have yet something to lose by a possi
ble conflagration. Below will be found the proc
lamation. which is addressed to tbo Mayor:
Headquarters Mil. I>iv. or the Jlissounr, 1
_ Chicago, Oct. 17. IS«I. j
To His Honor Mayor It. B. Mason, Chicago. III.:
bia: I respectfully report to your Honor the con
tinued peace and *j«let of tho .city. There bus teen
no case ’of violence since the disaster of Sunday
night and Monday morning.
Tho reported cases lathe public press of violence
ana dlsnrdars here are wltbont the slightest founds
lion. There hna not l»een n single coho of arson,
hanging or shootlng-not evrn'n rP>t or a street fight.
L have seen no reason for tho circulation of such re
ports.*
It gives mo pleasure trv bring to the notice of your
Honor (ho chrerfnl spirit with which tho population
of-this city have met their losses nnd sufferings.
ery respectfully, year obedient servant,
P. 11. SHERIDAN. LioUt. Gou.
Tbo head of tho city is certainly right in bis
implied assertion that some of tbo city papers
havo been entirely too freo with alarmist ro
ports of shootings and burnings; but tho citizens
of tbo unturned portion of tbo South and West
Sides must'not by any moans take the above pro*
clamation as a warrant to ceaso tbo vigilance
which has marked their conduct so far. The
omnipresent, patrols may nob bo qnito as useful
or necessary now as a few nights ago; bat it
would not bo tho part of wisdom to abandon
them yeti Tbo regular force is doing vast good,
and will probably bo continued for some time
yet.
BUILDING.
In tbo matter of building, tho promises m adc
by the burncd out merchants aro being redeem
ed with a promptness and energy surprising'to
anybody bat a Chicagoan. Contracts aro being
given out as fast as possible for tho reconstruc
tion of a vast number of edifices, both business
and residence, and tbo few weeks that will elapse
before wlntersols in will be well improved.
THE OPENING Or THE BANKS
on yesterday gave immense satisfaction to suob
men os wore fortunate cnougk to bavo money to
draw out.
THE BUSINESS PROSPECTS
of tho Twenty-second street dealers aro somneh
.changed, and that for tho bettor, that ono is
compelled to wonder whether there has really
been any .fire—ho certainly would not bo con
vinced of It from a casual glaoeo at State and
the cross streets.
colonel eastman’s work
on the 'Wabash Avenue 31. E. Church is pro
gressing well, end the siats aro rapidly being re
moved and the insido being put in condition for
a Post Office. Tho public will bail tho removal
from Burlington Hall to tho new quarters with
satisfaction, for it is now a matter of no little
time and difficulty to gala access to the general
delivery,
STREET TRAVEL.
Ono of the phenomenal features of South Side
life at present is the immense and nediainisbed
amount of travel in the streets,. The establish
ment of additional omnibus line?,on the ave
nues; tho reduction of fares one-half, and the
largo number of street vara may all bo men
tionedin connection; bqtJtiiß reason 'ls practi
cally unreachable. Sight-seeing was reason
enough for a few days; but- it is not to bo ex
pected that people will unntinuc to visit tho
rums aay after day for weeks at u time.
from tho city-continue* in much the fame
quantity and character. Tho travellers’are fr
tho most part consumers, not workers, and it
seems ns if too many of them' could not leave*
for the Question ol so much broad for so much
work is likely to b-* a serious oao soon.
THE RELIEF WORK
has been so far ngulaU-d that ibodesniringpoor
are takmg thmr proper station ahead of tbo
,al*r«. trern pa|*l uf tioW
THE SITUATION
is one of promise—even m»ra so than two or
three days ago. Resident* of other cities who
have come to see a’city irf* ashes will do well to
hasten theirp.arney, or their outlook may be cut
off by structures rapidly ruing on the sites of
their.prcdecoMor#,
Work Among tbo Ruins.
Yesterday .the general, aspect of men and
Mags throughout the ojty looked brighter and
more hopeful than on any day since Iho fatal
hurricane swept over us. Already a change had
over. the spirit of that hideous dream.
Men were no longer to bo seen staring at the
Jo ■tupoi* of despair. A more man
ful spirit had taken pozsgssiwß of the people.
GANGS OP WORKMEN
were busy among the ruins at many point*
throughout the burnt district, sorting
ifionpg down fragments ot wall*," clearing off
rubbish, and preparing the way for new struc
tures. The Wen bide car# had again penetrated
as far a* the old terminus, and the familiar sight
of them imparted something liko
A A. CHEERFUL TONE
to the desolate, set-ne, aud softened its terror*
If anything 'could hare been' needed to show
Che indomitable pluck 6f the citizens, it was the
sight of that army of labours, iet Ung doggedly
to work among the enormous heaps of ruins
Already one dodld discern glimpses of the new
Chicago. Hero and there was sqcn some
KSTEBPRISINC PIIOTOOBAPHEn
with his apparatus, mounted on a pile of mb.
taking views. One of these artists, whoso
mirkJs lh!*°R Crgy f l u® c tizen great, ro-
Sfflu 8t r® »n a burry* to get ap
all bis i?Pno3. for U ho waitbd a feiyweeks looser
there would ho no trims JeftTop him to take.
“A HOPEFUL SYMPTOM
.W? 8 “Iready made toward the rebuild
jog of the city was to bo found in. the offices o!
Boy»nston,Van'o#dol, Burling,
and the other members of tbo craft are oil-local-
Tfti?*. l K 0 V® e ~nd arc harJ at trork on Plans.
,s ,De .rcasingfaat within the past
TLn f,?n?Tw a C pr°Oiiseß to keep on increasing.
Iho following items do not by any mean* em
-SJ«¥«W be buildingwork wfiich is 'Sow going
}bey ibay afford substantial evidence
tnat the restoration of Chicago has commenced
in earnest.
_ BUILDING 3 COMMENCED.
.Uo tho east side of River street, Mr. Lnflin.and
two gentlemen :trom Connecticut, have com
menced tho erection of*a'foQr«story brick build
ing, for six storos.
~P{i tbo opposite side of River street, Messrs,
u alter. Rogers Walker are putting up six
bnpk store#. The building is to bo in first-class
style, and superior to the old qqo oa tho same
At the corner ftf Wabash avenue and Lake
street, the cqnstruolion of a six-story marble
(rent building has been commenced by SJ. W,
McLormick, This also will l*e superior in stylo
to the old building on the same place.
Mr. Mutt. Laftin bos commenced a handsome
lour story building, at the corner of Wabash
avenue and Water street. It will contain
1 xf° i rt- ißcing on Wabash avenuo.
r Lnflm has also oi»mmcneod to build on
btate street, between Lake and Randolph, four
Dnck fronts, four.atoric? eaohj heavy buildings.
J! L a k<' «lrcet. near Vi'ella, a ij-fcct froot
brick building 13 commcnc-;d by Mr, Cobb,
1* 4j oJ, i n oD has received orders 'to set (0
Tr/tT fl A once ot l be plans for the reconstruction
of the Sherman House, which is to bo rebuilt in a
handsomer style than the old one, on tho same
At the corner of Dearborn nnd Washington
th?tav k oir D .ol 8 Sjjrt,
hott
m?/P;°» al,o v*-iV® beon o "tnmeneed for tho im
mediate rebuilding of the Boone Block and tho
the proprietors. Dr. Boom> and William Hans
brousli. oipcct to occur? Ihejr office, V«»y
gb°?^47.." SS'iJS*
afoct" 11 ,n l i 11,6 f« b «iWinc liarmon
S-uth Side, and erect thereon o buildine fa? tho
t iLTa. e S e .S“ l
leeted operation, irUl commaoce. b ,0
fato ercitiou 'flf 11 STciVni'i' 16
af^er°t C^kB o the°plnco a of flt^lcrSnXticir 8
tboir ins, by tbo Cro—aboa^-'flo'mi
>V' *,ll -*W«MIINO -BSBBQT.
♦o?il®» ObO7 S l a r ealew 01 tbo manrhaildicff on-
AlfthJ'fiJWh 1 MB ?f? adyir active progress.
4“ thr*-ujhjbe burnt districts, north and south,
the ßa d *j*J c^ 3 of .“turning,energy arc visi
ble. »V hero* biiiiness men ore unable to onm
“l®°°® l fh« bm dine solid itructqrea at’thia
season, they are erecting temporary wooden
warehouses, and these are rising, as if by magic
on every hand, V uiwgio,
DEABBOBK PABK
is being covered over with wooden buildings of
S*'h"f“*‘" U d aoi ,ha pac i
•_ I*** OLD BASE BALL CROWD
“P wnh similar structures. All
Park ff ß^V a iMi? 0 h t ’-M 0m M p aro ftreet “car to
A'aru irotno buildings for stores, of greater
afi/^pn^3l DltUll r a r re bcinff creot ed, and some
d, nea fini3ljcd Among the names
g^^sfirAK.s?s?.f f pSSis
SS Atom"”' Moore 4 Co -i Earner i
i—» Tn K voa Tn nmsioK
iV ar k 0 i ,u bcr f lor humble looking dwell
ings havo been built. Iho greatest number of'
these is around tho vicinity of the Franklin
School, nnd in the largo area between Wei a
street and the North Branch.
Gas for the South Division'
The extensive works of the Chicago Gas Light
and Coke Company, situated on tho east bank ot
tbe North Branch, near tbe Intersection of Elm
and Crosby streets, wore, fortunately, wholly un
injured by tho great fire, and to-day stand In
tact. The flames swept toward it from the south
and east, bat the presence of three steam fire
engines, and the fact that the river was oloso at
band, rendered it possible, by strenuous exer
tions, to save the properly, and -by this were
saved a large number of dwellings, stores, etc.,in
(he vicinity of Divsion street bridge.
THE NORTH SIDE WORKS,
which are auxiliary to those formerly situated
on Adams street, are among the moat complete
and extensivoin the world, having, of them
selves, a capacity sufficient to supply gas to tbe
entire oily. A twenty-inch mam connects the
two mammoth, gas-holders with the South Di
vision, passing under the river at Franklin
street, so that
THE SOUTH SIDE
i can be supplied as 3->on as tbe street service pipes
and connections in tho hart district can bo cut
off so as to prevent waste. This is a work of
some magnitude in tho South Division, as It in
volves the clearing away of debris at the curb
walls sin order to reach tho cut-off.
It is expected that this
can be accomplished by the first of next week,
but, should it bo donesooner, the arrangements
at the Gas Works arc so complete—fires being
continually kept lighted un*Ur the retorts—that
a full supply of gas can be manufactured and
issued upon six hours* notice.
The Water Supply.
Sisco our last visit to the Water Works, on
Sunday lost,'great progress h s been made in the
work of repairing the largo pumping engine,
which is to bo Chicago’s entire reliance, fora
long time to come, lor nn adequate supply of
pure lake water. The tores of
THREE HUNDRED MACHINISTS,
organized for that purpose, bare been steadily
eng-igcJ, night and day, in the careful inspection
and repair of the great engine, which was not so
much Injured by tho fiery ordeal through which
it passed bat thatit was possible to restore It in
all its parts. The accomplishment of this was
an undertaklbg of enormous difficulty, and tbe
restoration of the Chicago water supply deserves
to rank as one of tho most extraordinary event*
of the great fire. Last evening fires were lighted
under tho boilers, and a bead of
TITLES Vf COOK COtTXTY.
3(0 positive action has bsen taken on the ques-
I tion of titles, and iboro is an inclination to post*
Spno its consideration until the regular session,
’osty action is deprecated and it is considered
that thereis no danger of any man being
deprived of bis rights in the meantime, as there
are no courts in session, and it is not likly
there will be. The appointment of a committee
or commissioner trill probably be all that will
be done at this session, and a short delay, it is
believed.'will not hnrt the credit o. any roan.
There is on foot a movement to postpone
tho regular session from November 15
until tho first of December or
Janaary, which will bo opposed by the
farmers who have got through with their work
at home and wish to begin work hero so as to
got thrc.ngh early in the spring. There has been
no reason given toSsatisfy tho farmer*, except by
tbelav/yers who desire to attend court, and as
all live legislation necessary to meet the exigen
cies cgf the situation in Cook Connty cannot bo
done rat rhis session, a majority of its delegation
will bo in favor of holding its session at os early i
THE CITY rp BRIEF. a d«» u roMible.
STEAM WAS POT ON*
in order to thoroughly teat tbo
engine before setting it to work.
The engineer, Mr. Crcgicr, Mr. Locke, and
:ho whole corps of tireless men who bad toiled
to complete tbo work, stood around. It was an
anxious moment, and tbo faces of- those present
betokened the intensity oftho strain. The word
was glren. and at 8:37 o’clock tbo ma
chinery was sot In motion, the giant
wheel slowly revolted, and once more
tbo iron heart throbbed on Cbicaso
avenue, forcing tbo precious fluid from the lake
at each pulsation through toe monster arteries
iwny to tbo city limits. And now, once more,
Chicago breathes freely.
Yesterday’s Fires.
The alarm from Box No. 294 at a quarter after
2 o'clock yesterday morning, was occasioned by
fire in a barn in the rear of No. 53 Miller street.
Tho flames communicated to several adjacent
buildings, all of which were somewhat damaged.
The barn belonged to Pat Jennings, whose less
will be $400; no insurance. A barn in the roar
of No. 334 West Polk street, owned by John
McCarthy, was damaged S300; insured for S2OO
in the Merchants’. Another in the rear of No.
336, owned by Thomas Hurley, was damaged,
SSO: not insured. The cottage owned and oc
cupied by James Anderson, wns damaged SSO:
nsurcd f«r SGCO in tho Firemen’s. The
fire originated among a lot" of bay. and is sap
posed to have been started by an incendiary.
The report that the man who ignited it was ar
rested and shot and killed two men and made bis
escape is without foundation.
—Box No. 218 was earned in at 4:30 yesterday
morning, firo having been discovered in the two
story frame building No. 183 West Kinzio street.
It is owned by Mr. Morrell and occupied by Mrs.
Murray. Loss on building. S200: to occupant,
$500; not insured. Cause unknown.
The Public Schools.
At a mooting of the Board of Education, las*
evening, it wus»resoived to reopen the schools,
os far as possible, on Monday morning next.
Tho Superintendent reported that nil the
teacher-*, excepting about seventy-eight, bad,
in answer to notices in tho public journals, re
ported. and he fonnd Chat if the existing schools
oh kept open, all tho touchers, excepting those
who hare not voluntarily left, or who have made
no return, can bo continued in their employment,
lie presented a classified list of those who bad
reported, under four heads, showing—
1. Those who bavo lost clothing and homes. 76.
2. Those who bad and have families (parents
or children) dependent np>m thorn, 114.
3. Those who havo no depencie*. 106.
4. Those who bavo good bouses left. The
balance who bavo reported.
He also reported that quite a number of the
teaohersand principals bad offered to make room
for others-f their cla*s who are less favorably
situated than they. Of those who leave and are
willing to withdraw he reported there were. 151.
On the motion of Inspector Sbackford. to con
u m the action of the Committee on tho High
school in tendering tho possession of tho High
school buildings lor the temporary use of the
courts, a lengthened debate sprang up, the re
sult of which was that tbs board acquiesced in
the action of tho committee.
Personal.
Mr.J. H. Fitzpatrick, late staffs manager of
Dooley Aiken's theatre, left for Cincinnati lasi
night, to join the Wyndbam troupe, with which
bo toaue the greater share of his excellent Chi
cago reputation, lie promises to come again as
soon as there is a theatre In Chicago to play im
rjMr, J. W. Blaisdell, of the Boston Mosenm,
“d a former member ol the dramatic profession
or Chicago, arrived in this city on yesterday, on
a business errand. Mr. Biaisuell. wiih charac
teristic generosity, and at great expense and
trouble, brought with him bis celebrated nine
overcoat,” which he will donate to the
Relief Committee, to be sold by them ot auction,
the proceeds to bo devoted toward the purchasing
ola ‘square meal” for such needy sufferers as
the committee may designate.
Tho Halated Street Murder,
Coroner Stephens held an inquest, nn Mon
jlay. on the bodies of DanM O’Brien and Michael
ito ?ay. who were stabbed by. Urerroro P»ro.
cm tho 9th. in (be saloon on the corner of Van
unren and Hoisted streets. Tho juryreturned
verdict Jn accordance with the facts, which
have already been giren in The TninuvE. Pare
made bis escape alter tho affray, but was cap
tured, yesterday on the prairie, about a mile
from Austin, by Cjplam Tuttle abd' C: N. Ellis.
Uo is now m the Union Strict Station.
Miscellaneous,
A Clarence load of va’TinM- it,
tzv'vj?' ■a■&»?
•4o l»arcn street and Wabash avenue nn tho
SSSSS."Ir^J n 3houldbo
loeomoiifo on the Northwestern railroad track.
—The wife of Policeman Voelker was run over
Ti k ir W i? C 0 n at the corner<,f Fourth avenue
and Twelfth street, afternoon, and
nearby 7 DJared Sb taJte to her home
low of leather in the firo Is cati
d-ata})',ut u 9i,,C,00 V beini f onetfourth of the
stock in store here. Jt u staled that the dif
ferent and leather firms of the city have
agreed to unite ami erect ono hqildioa i o f Joint
occupancy fyrthi winter v 4 u wp joint
X,ake Front Meeting.
A meeting wu bold at tho house of Thomas
Horne, Esq., on Michigan avenue, last evening,
composed of citizens owning property on Mich
igan avenue, between Randolph street and Park
Row, to the propriety of sollipg a por
tion of the fropt to tho railroads entering
thecity.for the erection of a passenger depot,
to be used by them in common.
ru P rcer Wfl “Vld to tho chair, and
Cbauncoy Bowen elected Secretary
Mr. Hoyne stated the objects of tho meeting,
and read a communication from J. M, Walker,
for the Michigan Central and Chicago. Burling
ton Quincy Railroad*, and John Newell.
President of the Illinois Central, proposing to
pay faOO.OOQ for the throe blocks of
ground, bounded by Randolph street, Michigan
avenue, Monroe street and the lake shore, and
binding those, companies to erect a first-class
passenger station thereon, within a reasonable
time, and to allow all other Chicago railways to
come in on their tracker right of way on the
take shore, and qse the passedgerstation in com
mon.
Mr. Iloyno stated that this proposition hod
been,, at a previous consultation, referred to
commiltpe. conaistma ot Ohapncy Bowen.
p«t?« C a ira k ar^rxu? l< himself, who had made a
report the.eon. Iho report was road. It reeom
[mended tip acceptance of the proposition of the
T Vl” a certa l n restrictions as to the
width of M.ch.can avenue, After a Jenclhy dig-
SB I 'wviSYiSSiZ™*- wilhout
Governor Hoffman, and the Committo
of Seventy
Albany. Oct. I<—Governor Hoffman this
aitornoon received at tho Executive Chamber
the aub-Committeo of Seventy. and gavo n
hearing concerning the frauds In Now York
Ibo committee consisted of Judge Pierrepont.
J%\ j uu a A 'r T i ,s \Jl OY E. Solomon, Henry
J. Stobbins, John Wheeler. James L. Brown,
Hon. C. Barrett. Judge Pierrepont, Got. Solo
mon. end Judge Barrett, briefly addressed
the Governor reciting the frauds that had been
e an d 03kin C h«*a to qso hia power as
life. eC m! Tc arrest the abuses and protect
the Stale. They further asked that a military
that ma°T ,n readiness to quell any riot
Q c r n r r Hoffman, in reply to the committee.
I need nut afty that enylhiny I can“
V i n.wi? ,itter done. I do nat see that
mll1ta»J l fiXfi ,0n n wls for anythi save f.. r
mn!uVf%u Q S' m Pleto preparations will be
“3 Q I V hat R atur 13 not the plundering
n° r tle i$ mo t e, o»c by tho appoint-!
meat of Green as Deputy Comptroller? P
no J t a rc^r CPOnt V 3; bu lb is
Hoffman. I should think your com-
Thl 4 AiSSIi P r D ou t l ft mQ fiometniug specific.
A> lor s.°y Central is present to speak for
himself. lam sure that ho will d& »H that lies
in his power to aid your putnmitloe,
rr«enV r U r .at C ed mm tn lM i not
since ft.t he ?hen»ht° t Ge“-
J;{P 0 A i** 00 bhwer in tko matter, T n
a fk. the Attorney General to aoa^
Sci, Cljqs. O’Coaop th« tT‘ ytto hw coun- i
the New VoW bas I^l^usq o G?n of i
ihe Attorney General made a few remarks
ComiS?t?o a ”nf iDfi S eSS to co .*°Pcrato with the
t-pmumteo of Seventy in tbo interest
of good government. H.> stated further thathe
a t le v or w^ lo i they njight toko on
to ,N t o«t York, requesting Cfans.
G tQOQf tq apt as counsel witn him .for the
mieht boWtil
yi^'urmine'ieir oolol <,anYetanti lhoinler
The Elections;
Latest returns of the Pennsylvania election
Elaoo the Republican majority at 17,224* I"?
cgialaluro stand*: Senate—l 3 Republican** JJ>
Democrats; Houic—U4 Republicans.
Gratar Republican msjoriry on Joint ballot* oi.
In Ohio, by the latest ffgurinr. tbo Senate
st tnds; Senate—lß Republicans. 18Democrats}
HoU'ie—s9 Republican*, 46 Democrats; Republi
can majority on joint b;drot. 13*, _
In I*>irn. tbe Legislature stands thus: Senate
—4l Republicans, 1 Independent Republican. T
Democrats: House—SO li«*put>llcans. (3 or 4of
them “Independents.*'.) 21 Democrats.
—An Exhibition g-ime of Base Ball, was
ployed here to day between the Mutuals aod
Boston nine, toe latter winning by score of
15 to 8,
ILLINOIS LEGISLATURE.
Passaged tie Canal Lien Bill
by the House.
The Monej to be Expended In
Restoring the Public Build
ings of Chicago.
Bill to Revise the Assessment of
Taxes in Cook County.
Special Dc'rnteb to the Chicago Tribune.
THE CANAL BOND BILL PASSED.
The House posted, bv a vote ot 120 to 7 a bill
appropriating $2,955,340 in canal lien hood-*,
bearing 6 per cent interest, and payable in ton
year?. From one-fifth to one-third of the
amount is in be expended in repairing the public
buildings of Chicago, upon the original sites, as
decided by the Common Council.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Senator Fuller introduced a bill providing for
the purchase of tho County Insane Asy
lum by the State, and another relieving the
burnt district ef taxation.
Springfield, Oct. 17.—Tho members are
coming in by every train, and there is now more
than tw.*-thlrds of the Sonata and leav
ing a margin for any votes there may ho against
the canal bill. That there will be somo little
.opposition is almost certain, for when tbe
amendments were offend last night a few Does
were heard. Hardly any man will
face the current of sympathy, and
deny Cbicvjn the only succor thot can prove of
great service now, but every absent member
should be present, as in this instance as in tbe
case of all emergency bills, not to vote for tae
act is to vote against it.
..sc vim'Auu i«
Th o desire on the part of the outside members
to dm nil that enn bo done to assist Cook Coan ty
gives much encouragement to its representa
tives. To avoid any potty jealousies that might
avert or delay tbo e •nsummation of the end de
sires!, and to present a united and harmonious
force, it has been determined to call npon prom
neftt members from tho ountry to
introduce and advoc&to tho measures necessary
for tho relief of Chicago, and no Chicago mao
Is to consume tbo time of the House, or exhaust
its patience with speeches, except when called
upon to giro Information.
The following despatch was not forwarded last
night owing to thocrowdod state of the wires:
Messrs. Tinchor and Senior of the Senate, and
Messrs. Shaw, Short, Koerncr, Ros.»,nnd Barron
i the part of tho House, constitute tho joint com
mitioo to organize relief committees in every
tfounty and township in tho State.
Tho House mot at 10 a. m., the Speaker in the
I chair.
The Secretary of the Scnato reported the con
currence of that b >dy in the House resolution to
anuply tho Couk County Courts with law books,
&0.
revision of tax assessments.
Mr. Koerncr introduced a bill, of which the
allowing is tho principal section:
Section 1. That whenever in any incorporated
city in this Slate any property listed or assessed
for municipal taxation, shall have been, or shall
hereafter bo, destroyed by fire in whole or in
part, before tho levy of the municipal taxes ol
said city thereon, or before the municipal taxes
levied thereon shall have been collected, it shall
and may be lawful f-.r tho Mayor of such city,
tho City Comptroller, if there shall bo one, and
if not, then tho City Clerk and the Tax
Commissioner, if there should bo one,
if not then tho Chairman of the Finance
Committee of the City Council to rebate or re
mit so much of suoh tax or taxes so levied upon
such property ns in their opinion should bo re
bated or remitted, by reason of such property
having been in whole or in part destroyed by
firo.
Tbo second section is the emergency danse.
The bill wag read a first time, ordered to a
second reading and to be printed.
The Warehouse bill was read a second time,
and. on motion of Mr. Eagan, was referred to tbo
Committee on Warehouses.
THE CANAL LIEN BILL.
The Canal Lien bill, as reported back by the
committee, ia as follows:
Sec*. 1. Bo it enacted by the People of the State
of Illinois, represented in the Gener.il Assembly
That (be sum of $2,955,310 be and tbo same is
hereby appropriated, lor the purpose of re
lieving the lien as aforesaid, being the
principal expended and interest thereon;
which said sum is hereby refunded to
siitd city, and shall be paid to said city
os soon ns tbo said city shall execute and deliver
to the State of Illinois a proper release of said
lien, to the satisfaction of theGoverdor: and the
Auditor of the State, under the direction of the
Governor, Is directed to draw bis warrant for I
said sum of money, payable out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated; i
Provided, however, the said warrants shall be
drawn—one-half oat of the tax levy of the pres
ent year, and the balance out of the
tax levy of the next year. Not
less than one-fifth, nor to exceed one-third hi
said sum so paid, shall be received by said hiiv
and bo applied in reconstructing tho lii-idzea
and the public buildings and structures destroy
ed by fire, upon the original sites thereof, as al
rendj* provided by tho common council and the
remainder thereoi (o ho uppliod to the payment
of Iho interest on tbo bonilod debt of such
city, and the mamtonanoe of the fire and
police departments thereof.
roaso of a Croat conflagration in
tho city orCbiengn, tbo public buildings, bridz
cs and other public Improvements have been to
de"t{°s’etU 5 e tU and tbo business of the courts is
suspended, whereby an emergency exists oa a
reason why this act shall take effect before the
firstdayot noxt; therefore.
«f£^b U U i r i he r That this net shall take
etreot and b.e m force from aod alter its passaze-
T s J J G 9 K jf Tlo J a VOR Tat; RELIEF OP CHICAGO.
ine loJluwma are suggestions for tho relief «f
Sih aß °i. ald luform lly bofore ‘bo Legislature
by the citizen’s committee: ■“"•‘mature
That tho lien of tb* city of Chicago upon
fP® »ts revenues he discharged, and
r im ur s e 4 th«» amount expended in
«86pemng the Cinal.aml interest thereon as
provided by the bill introduced by the Hon. Jas
f. lioot. with an amendment that Sl.OOO.OOflof
said snm be paid during the present fiscal year,
by Auditor's warrants on the State Treasury
and tbat a tax bo levied therefor. ThatSl.OOO.-
000 be paid out of tho proceeds of the tax levy of
J 1 1 waf* °9 d l he balance out of the
proceeds of the tallowing Qaoal year, and that
fl udltor draw b,a warrants therefor, and
that the money so acquired b« applied in crect
«mr bndges, water works, aod such other public
buddings aca structures os have been destroyed
2. TW
the Legislature annul the present
seesmeot fir city. town, uni county taxesi that
a now assessment and lery be authorised for tho
payment of the necessary expenses bfthesaic!
3ik. t tOWQ V an<i onaat v atJ d tho interest on their
debts, such assessment be made upon a new
va nation of ifca property llahlo to taxation
within said city and county,
♦k Legislature bo requested to provide
that the residence at tho voters shali not be lost
by reason of having boon driven from their resi
dence by sro, and that power be conferred upon
U s on lM t0 provi cio registries and
judges of election in precincts m which records
have been destroyed oy fire.
s.i;^5 a L th Le islatu i° bo re( iacsted to assume
temporary charge and expenses of- the City
Bnd-weil, Hoform Scho/il. Poor House, Insane
Asylum, and City
5. That |be pass, a joint resolu
tion, authorising tho Governor to designate
aevon persons to investigate and recommend to
the November session of this General Assembly
r a t 1ezi 3, V 10 9 wcecoasary to furnish evidence
of titles to lands in Cook County.
6. That the Auditordraw his warrants on the
Treasury for two hundred and fifty thousand
,Q tim l’ deliver the same
to the pity of Cnicago, to be applied to tho future
the city
Telegraphic Brevities,
Governor Baldwin, of Michigan, has issued a
strong proclamation calling on the people o i
alicbman to furnish immediate relief to Cbo suf
orßS? t* lo rccolJ t disastrous fires.
—fho aubscridtioas to 3he Chicago Relief fund
received at the Mansion House. Landau, up to
ul.nday night. amounted to £23.600 A com
umteo of the American residents of London is
also receiving subscriptions, and hns mode ar
rangements far thoimmediate dospnth of manor
contributed. At a meeting at Bradford
£>,ooo were received: ut Dublin, £1,200r at Wol
rerbnmnton and Glasgow. £I.OOO each
~~4U Jc 'P atch 'rom Gloucester, Mara,, stains
that there is great excitement there, A fair days
since the schooner E. A. Horton tatln from
the harbor of Gnysboro, Nora Scotia, by a party
of men who are believed to haro beei soSt for
tho purpose from Gloucester, and that the v.‘s,e!
now due at that port. It is now said a British
gunboat has been sent in search of tho schooner
and arnved at Capa Ann yesterday, with tho in
lantion ol recapturing and taking her hnoVlo
Nora Sadia. A telegram to the Charles-own
Nary Yard resulted iq tho sending „f
an American gunboat tu Gloucester, which
after taxing several United Stales official! and
the owners of the schooner on hoard. starlSd
•Monday pruning on a cruiso to prevent ih.
schooner being molested br tho British rosc.l in
American waters. Several officials w
of Gloucester have gone to i?)tton t* Aul 140DS
u, 0 ,i? .h hl oh cr,l L"‘ 1 every rood tho
ta T\,i^v lrai v “ade l>meat every station. 0
¥ork Tima states that ih- r
has leaked out that the laborers on ft? 1
parks and boulevards are u P ubll
military drill for ftOy emer --?i n f a CoQrd of
to the eomln» eV’O'.ift- arise
knotvn^tninvof X* 1 P°l ,00 oowever.
1 i u .,A movement is on foot that
-jasa moc.iDc of citizens may bo held at the
Cooper Institute to makn any arrangements for
•i general suspension «f business for one day,
and a.parade of fire thousand citizens, Trn-» shall
watt upon Mayor Hall and demand proper safe
guards for the purity‘of the election in Novem
ber.
—A match has been arranged between Ameri
can Girl and (bo gelding Judg«*-Fullerton Tor
52.000, mile beats, at Fleetwood l ark, within a
f-rtnight.
—Tho North American Insurance Company
yesterday made an ossismnent to William C.
Hastings. Tne Probate Court has appointed the
21at instant for a bearing upon tho acceptance
of tbo trustee.
—Mrs.Sozuln. wbilo performinu in Parepa's
troupe, on Monday mgUt. was taken with par
oxysms of Brief and removed tober hotel, in coo
aequenoen/ the announcement that herdaugb
ter, Mrs. jrodaham, was killed at tho Chicago
Tao Masonic Grand Lodge, in sewinn in T
W II?. gave SI,OOO tu the suffers tho^k D s
and other Northwestern fires. GoV. o rten«
‘“““'i Proclamation. cr’.iinV Sn tho
ourpMc*/ Wnck3r ">“W»-uto rSf tho same
chtiep!i C h s fr om Consta ntinop?o slate that the
eltv v, a *u ,n t aUa aQ aPPearanoo In that
died f?« l in 8 t a hiv Urb; *i ,wo 4”y» sixty persons
li«hm®n m tb ep,(iotmc len °f whom were U g-
A despatch from Corinth, Miss., reports the
arrest of lire|Ku«lviQx in Tishomingo Comity
with complete di-guisos. It is belicrcd that the
entire gang will be captarcd. They shot a white
mao and woman two weeks ago, injuring them
seriously.
r “iouproa safesbaro nmredtn Philadelphia
from Chicago, consigned to tho United Stat*«
mint, supposed to contain bullion melted in the
Th» monthly report °t tbo Acncaltarnl Boren.,
s«j;» that in lao cotton reports of October
uniatproreiX nTOrnso of Seplembor is snstnir i
no States, bring for tit, tot ffcok ot O«obc r
75 against 80 per cont in September The n-
J e P o ted »ro from rust, shedding if balls
f. r*'n ure y ia lh' northern lati
tud a, floods in i.onda and G orgia and ba’.i j>ml
army worn in portions of Mi-susipni or.rUhe
is nat*TM‘V« n Tho iosi in tb-«o sreli-ns
is not very s.-noai or general. The droughtoa-
B7rr«f n °t r i‘ n 3 fDr 1 r oi ti r 5 lban ,BT other'emse.
85» TOO htS? 1 J°* I 1 8 c *>ll not exefed
»tiU A the!n tr n K Cll, l n ot tbo ci{ y Chicago
gloriously. The MunhUf i, seop5 eopl respond
£■100: Dublin. £1.500: Hanley.
S* OCO*in.f d f r° r Th nrtlf!<i b "“liffigT
or x-,jio. and a further contribution is bain*
,Uv ti fV» A M me tIDK w bold ia Sheffield v^ter?
2?uli? j layo r resldin P. at which £2/00 wl*
collected in n few minutes. w WA S
~Tbo Chicago relief Baltimore sabscriotlnn »t
dato ia sl9i.«X): Boston. M 03.000. Literal £ri?
“M b ,lIE mado for Michigan and
I?™°- X. Y..Sm:«O: Catora
employes ot the Boston Xavy
iard. r3.633. Tho Executive Conmutaa ol ih«
Tork Chamber of Commerce raiiaf v,,
asked the Goueral Committee for power to naVa
portion ol tbe donation for th- soW.r™
Michigan and Wiscodsin. 3a rer3 m
—An iujancijun has been granted in c„
pcorne Court at the iostanco of thl
York anrill J l ii'3 r c l c °“W"r. of x”
Receiver J Uodcß3 ba3 bcea appointed
tLfl’Vr 1 fnm nearly every Stats will attend
taoXuimaeo Convention, in Now Vokk. t*
A ,on Wll Probably be taken which wi..
companies. 11 fffedt m a ur2 the strain upon tho
—lion. n. R. Hurlbard, Comptroller ofOr
rency, telegraphed Secretary Boutwell from Cai.
0^ y€3t i er^M y bat Chicago banks ar« au
aonmi ami mil pay every dollar on demand
Aows from tho Mexican capitol, of a la'a
date, isi to the effect that Juarez hat been re
elected President ot Iho Rspubltc by Concent
receiving 103 votes-ali that was oast. The on
position abstained fr-m voting
-Tee shoddy swindler Murphy, who is a part
d ,n? T'r! b l Bf T i» real estate spccuU
mms. and Collector of Customs in the city of
S?dth! r p- b T in bi3 resignation. It i
tha d t ‘it W .?n“ nt bc3,tato3 to accept it. marine
••rh.'t woul| i aPPaar that ho had yielded to
the cltmor ..f the TriJinte.”
F-ro.t.i 3 fz Bt rom 3 3; “Ior front tho schoonsr
Exoelst r of hno. was picked up off Southam*
ton, Unt., yesterday, floatmc on a part of tha
cabin of tho fxeelsior. Several of thecr uw
on Plants, but th’
boat that was sent out could no?
rescuo them, and their faro is not known. Tho
vessel sank between Thunder Bay and Middle
Island. She lelt Milwaukee on tho Sth inslaS*
Wmn l!S. d h r f d °f n ‘v h' l l h3d a enreo ot
All tho crow are bo-
P’vsboJ* except Lustrum
..—Tan Security Insurance Company, y
iork. hns_ suspended, nnd A. V. Uastionig.
been appointed receiver. 1 13 1 033C3 o ™!.Tj
million and a half. Tho Lorillard Co. hS di£
continued business, and will hold a mco'imr tT
lu Le°„ W vvlS«! aer bo rtSr
to 0 0 I) C-| r rg i o l 'p\ 3 r ’:fr’ nr
tor lfoffhl Cbo t 0 e i r F cu)ion from P i)nlm6,
ash Sonday l'asr Crow
it;^ d i’.n?Sdf j: ri j c r c s^° a h 5° m a 3i
to the Chicago calamity Mr Catt?n“i, “3
on business, but ho wi.V in a day oV'nio
Discussion on tho opinion of tho Attorney G. -b' 1
SSiSKV^JISI 0 n, PMa d
—A meeting uf leading Kew Yorkfiiw r
S?™ lost night for the pn'r'Joso
p i lh berman e! enisntinlo ono organic
uon. A commitleo inclvding many nroSSI
Germans wasoppuinted to confer with tbo rcVc rr
Tammany/° r af aa J
_-iT Ch a rle3 t- D rl) a a ynnng lawyer of v
T abut himself (hrongh tha head
b cdsi(i8 u of bis sick wife, on be.
rii ETf rf- l .bat she could not recc re
.X^Tv, lfli a fe minutes alter, 6
4f-Tbe schooner C. Winalow was struck bv tl
galo ol bandar, off Capo Beeie,. aid “pal ze
Tho crow wore sived.bnt tho wife “f l"
drownod* pa33ca !r two daughters, i .re.
South Carolina Hu-lUixn— Prcalrter, tin
Proclamation.
u™ A ?niNCTOy -’9 ct K:-Tbe President's p ro’
lamaiion, to-night, reciting that whereas iS i.
gents engaged in unlawful combinations wi: I
the counties of >partanaburg, Marion, Ches I*
iQS rl «»^ewbe rr y. Fairfield. Lancas t
and C.iesterfiold, m the State of South Corol uia
lSn5 «f}' Sp i"S Jln j ob ,!(J i ei,M t( tho pro Cla
motion of trie 12th, and given up their arms dia
guises. Ac., now, therefore, t*j jaje s S. Gr an
hHli? 8 6 °f tbo t. States «f Amisrictv
hereby declare that, in my judgment, the pa b
fhl Ks?£r* ,B i ljr re,airM l hat tbo Privilege s
tho writ of habeas corpus bo suspended in. i ja
?hT« D i re r C K 6 V? arrested
b Q f. l ha United States for said i j
c ict, or any of hu deputies, or by any mini 2.
officer of the Unitod States, or by any soldii
citizen acting under their orders.
Comparative Statement or V
tlou of the 3lerchauts *-»rr
Banlc at the close or BaslnMr
7 and Oct. 17, 1871. arc:*.'
LUBIUllts.
Capital slock S 8 'i'-
Surplusfaod 430.000.00 JSO
Profit and loss .53 252.12 38
Circalation outstundia# 387|(W0.UU 387"
Individual deposits and
certified checks,....., 4°S OS.TJ7 rj^
Duo banks aad hankers. 424.593.4*5 449*
$‘2,247,929.05 $2,291,:
I, BESauaCES.
Loans and ducouni9.~-51.04y.201.99 $1,003
Current expanses and
v 12,375.31 12.->
burnlluro and fixtures-* 5.440.35 5,H o
Kcvonuo stamps 1.523.55 ir* jvor
United Stales bonds 450,000.00 450$ WOU
Due from approved as
sociations in Now Y’k 375,150.08 303 IS -V
Dn.ingoW 1.61D.3G 162
Duo from other banks
C& b^ a IS rM
clearing
house...
Currency
Gold
53.T93.5t G0,07 it,.
Thoabov cement L
my KUnwJo-Jgo and bohoi,
Ozu 17,1871. C. B. Blaib. Presidco t.
Markets by
New York, Oct. 17.
bankers' bills. 10S3<*.
Government!:
Coop-mu, 'SI..
5-20s, 'G2
5-20?, 'O4
5- 20s, '65
5-20?. new....
State builds:
Tonn°» Ur 3 V*i Virffintos, now
T!n«!! SeM o,d N Carolina?. old..
Stacks closed;
n TT ol k-;v N. J. c....
W. U. T. to ooJj St. Paul
Quiokiilrer. 16 Do pfj.... _
Mariposa.... 1 Wabash
Mariposa pld V.i Do pf.l si
;y ;i n3 Express Fort Wayne _ 95-
WoHs i Fargo’S OI nl Terra Haute .(A
Pacific Mai|. ._ 4112 Do pfd 1
New iork Central B®| O. A
g°. '"'P -82 Do pfd ,'il
Eiie.... 27 O. i M
8° P fd -.,5954 C. O. 0 8
gei'em 120}fi B. i- Q 'i^
5° P d 122 Lake Shore 5?
UO« lad. Central iS
Mioh Cent ..11-IJfi I'Unois Cent ...111
Union Pacific...— 21^
riorth western 5314 Cent. P«c. boatli ...1W- 3
P»u.. 85 Union... -y
Rock Island 95J6
Nashville. Oct. 17.—Cotton*—St' i«d7 with a
moderate demand; low middling, IP.e WK
Bekamtcff3—Flour firm; pr ft nn
CrS^al.^. ttS.
.Id^^fSTar^r,:!^ I 'SSfc
surer cured. fiS?. 4, IS^
10J2C. Snou.dcr^roi^^it.fe
Breadstuff^—Flour dull
changed. Tao receipts wero*lß 0M i hp| Cea 5 r
flour ami eornmeal unchanged, v/h b s
SrtabM closed dull; scarf„i V i °P«
91'Mk*i exports receipts 15 f ht r?0
sl.as;Nn. 2 do, 81-5001.5;. spr
51.5551.60: amber, Slfl^Tw“ft? VaafS
Rye quiet. BarluT-2Tr.lfcls* 1 'JUm-SI-k
Western, 70>37Se. AUi t i"-!?'pJ°* c
drooping. Receipts firnnohL 61 or *_
store! 76c: afio“»:^ l^ l S Y«UfB a.
IK? a.v» Hops-Unebansad.
fi/niMb ir to^iaod o oi-Va9^° EB n' aflr
»Ko. Mol.sscMfhaSSfd. ■t^sjoE-'i l 93
Wsmt-CBdo, iiau&TiSf-
...116J.4 5-20s, ’67 j i*v
114?| o-a.'3 ’6S_ i i'> 7*
-]\s 10-40 i
"lIJ'S Curronc y s *»w ~J I1;S
5S5.£™ r w "j* a
Kod C M£. S g LaVd V JJ S S
“■'“•SS9M.: k/ltlTdS. ri
kcr.OJic: January. S&: ll J ‘orea-
Wndtcra, 10320 c: Btl .to, I.
Chee3E—Hoary at llfalSc.
Foreign Market#*
LOKDOS, Oct. 17 4 •'tft n 1
mono,;: 02J6 on M^uot. P usu7a J i n,ob i for
T^rpinHao 1 .'43j1 oi°l' T vs??2 r to .Vs*.
tbuidiin# unipnj n£fi. .-•VWj q aiot;
sales. 10,000 bale* auecnVr 111 1 10Rr Oceana I0J;
a Q*iarla*roo, 9 x \£d. at Sav* onaii
dayS'S&* .ri'Sif'2o"o(S hoat throo
DJ. Wl OW .«,Sjf i a e a f i o "W|«. Con C3j
TO -lapzamsay.
■Homom,. IVo hope to find .p.». feu*
Thursday a Tbipcxe. Ar thl,m ia
mark:
I)AVIS-IIUMl’ll:IY-A, u-
J.ih (if OcI„ by Key. E. 31 f aii üb.. on Ilia
Daelj urubicayo, bookteeeer st *"lcy
l«seiCe., t u 3liss3l«ry nf E.
KVEKITT.SOUTI[«;oRTa“ 0r
JJ/VK l-ouel, o„ Sn„ d t t l '!j», r <»lJ«nco ..r
ur. Joe«nh n r» 1 Is *h hist., by m.y
£»t»ritt to Mls» Carrie JT”
tcih in«t., by tb(. R(*y
pftv of frtMiJSSf gK?¥Si£ 0 ?«wi».u®S:
,ti £,r To unrest il.aiichter of*\V J Eliz l l
died.
ttVlie. anil ij Illy! f K nJ a P
y^LlnZlV' 2 A* l n nany..„.
loaxana rein ul H“n £i"lSS2™ l,, »>o«. tterji
Jennie Soenin tl.edrfS? 1 ?”?"-moDlh'-,n.l B
ro'iabatu, it t b l lor J wife 0 f B.
iork. UlCaffu •“©‘l/ forward*! tc. S&
Dspi rs pli-WaVopy! St L aii anJ ■Madison, Wii.,
October 7, Joseph
•i prominent cliizeiforViin nui T ,,8 d c lSt,i Wjd
respected. of ttJQ place, ana was ur.irer**Ur
lSl L SAS Jar October 13. WiUOT' I
business CAXDS.
Vose, Oiiiamore Co.,
MnniiraeturuM 0 f
OAit srttlNQi.
Art at tie dtato-it, h'reib stock arming^
r
xl
Telegraph.
-Sterling exchange
3S
20
1 \oa
2®i3

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-18 page 3 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-18/ed-1/?sp=3 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:52Z ========

CHICAGO BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
The following are the names of some of the lead
ing house* in the city, arranged with a
«tetc to convenience of reference.
Advertising Agency.
H. H. CHANDLER, General Advertising Agent,
49 Sooth Canal and 446 State-st., receives all
cards for this directory.
Attorueys-at-Lavr.
ENGLISH, 102 We*t Randolph-st. L
ELDUEDGK a TOURTKLOrTE. 116 West Mftdiwn*
cw.Wabasb-aT. and Twenty-second-st.
H- 54 West Randolph.it.
KRBF.RT A QUIfIK i 29 sutft.it.
Y*H*HuLDLN f ISI West Mndiaon-al.
A. GOODRIHI, 311 3lunroe>ac.
B-fCATES, 155 W. Slndißonat.
fcCAMMON, MrCAGG A FULLER, 4CI Michigan ftv.
RAID, STANFORD RIDDLE, li, W. cor. \Vasb
•inrtnn and Halated ftta.
HKCTET. ANTOOKr 4 GALT, office 356'W.bMh
'"'AKF-MAK, MAKLT 4 WAKEMAS. 15 South
Canal at.
Architects*
ROBB ACKERMAN, Madison-sl.
S. JENISON. GffiJ Statc*sL
T. V, WA PSKI KU, Z7J State st.~
-P. CLEVELAND, 7W Wabash ax.
Soots and Sltoes.
DOGGETT, BASSETT HILLS, 532 Wateh-or.
C. U. PAUGO 4 CO., 613 Wab.lh aT.
Baking Powder.
DR. PRICE'S. Cream Bakin" Powder, 47 and 49
Weat Lake-fit,
Belting.
MI3NSOS CO., Hand le W. Bandolph-st.
Rag Manufacnir or.
MART. ASTKN it CO., and: W. Madison st,
Bedding.
A. P. ESMAT CO.. 15 West Lake st. B9
Ranks.
TIRST NATIONAL, 443 Wahajh-or,
FOUHTH NATIONAL. 4T5 Wabafh-av.
FIFTH NATIONAL. 449 Wabash-av.
aiANPPACTUKEKa. 434 Wabasb-a».
;'.^J lON BANK OF COMMERCE 543 Wabash-OT.
LNION NATIONAL BANK, 643 IVabasb av.
CUMJIKKCIAL SATIO.NALBANK, 533 4V.baih.aT
HII4LIIMAN BASKING AaSOUIAIION, .16 Wa.
b«nu-ar.
I*UNT, PRESTON k KEAN, southwest corner of
Hoisted and liandolph-sts.
Northwestern national bank. 626 Wa
bo»b-av.
CITY NATIONAL, N. E. cor. Clinton and Washing*
lon-sr*.
R. REN, CLLMAN ti CO., cyi YVabasb-av,
Babcock Fire .Extinguisher.
P. W. FA&VI ELL, Sen., CSC Wnbash-av.
Beddlfig and Lounges,
MCDONOUGH, PRICE CO., 3l and Z} South
Canal-si,
Building Paper.
ROCK RIVER PAPER CO., 50 North Jc{Torson*st.
Booksellers and Stationers.
COBB, ANDREWS A CO., Wnbaah-av.
Carriages.
COAN A TEN BROEKE, cor. Ann and West Ban.
doJpb-ets.
Carpets.
E. F. HOLLISTER CO.. 10 and 12 North Canal-st.
allen <t hackly, ~h state*tt.
CJotilJUg.
HENIIY W. KING CO. 24 Market-st.
LEOPOLD KU£lN«fc CO., 472 Hiclumm-nv.
TUTTLE. TiiOMl'auN A Wtliioist. 100 Wabash'
ar.
Clothing Oletaii).
BOSTON HOUSE, Madison cor. Peoria.
BOSTON HOUSE. T*»-fuiy-eeconJ a:., near State.
MaBLEY CO., U'i \Vnst Mndiscm et.
Civil Engineer and Contractor*
C. C. MORGAN, 18S W. Madison.
Commercial Agency,
TAPPAN, BIcKILLOP A CO.. 35 and 57 South
Canal at.
Chicago Paving Company.
JOHN McCAFFEREY, Pres., 132 West Washington.
BU
Cement.
UNION AKRON, so. w. cor. Itnad and Halsted-st.
Chemical Works.
GILLET. MoCULLOCU A CO., 51 West Labe st.
Crockery.
H. P. MERRILL A CO., 407 West MadUon-st.
ts. B. PARKHUK2T. 132 Weal Madison.
Crackers.
C. L. WOODMAN A CO., 61 So. Clinton-st.
Commission merchants.
Z. 5L HALL, 259 and 261 E. Randolpb-st.
HENSLEYS WAGNER, 77 W. Madlson-st.
CULVER CO.. 80 S. Canabst-
A.M. WRIGHT A; CO., SW. cor. Canal and Lokc
sts.
PLATT THORN MAYNARD, 9 and 11N. Caual-st.
P. B. WEAUE CO.. 25 and 27 N. CUntoo-dt.
McWilliams CO. 88 W. Uandolph-et.
CYRUS BOWERS WILLIAMS. W. Raudolph-et.
B. YL FORD CO., (btshwines) 25 S. Canal-tt.
F. M, CLEMENTS <fc CO.. Humber} 30 N. Canal-st.
CURTIS A CARTER, (dried fruit) 80 and 82
Randolph-et,
TRANCI* A WEBBER, A« and fib West Madison-st.
W. BUTTS A BROS,. 173 West Uaudolph-st.
C. C. BUITS A CO.. O Vt est Labe-st.
E. SjEcK. l-L A CO., W West Latcr-st.
THKO. U. WKLLS A CO 93 West Lako-st.
EAGLE, CAM HBELL A PEACH. 90 West Lake-tL
LINN KIRK. 6s Wc?t Lake-st.
A. I-' I}ICKI>SOS. ■’xi Best Labe-st.
tJUINN, SWIFT A CO. {Flour}, 3l North Canal-st.
MOUSE, WARD A CO.. lUssu. Climon-et.
C. S. HUTCHINS, 97 VV. Madison-st.
B. F. J A COBS A CO,, 6-6 an I s9n Stnlo-st,
KELLKII Si JUDSoN, 42 \Ya-si Mudison st#
NELSON A CARR. 50 West Lake et.
RICHARD GOOCH, 537 Stalest.
MeDEUMID Oerid. 30 South Canal et.
A. J. H aNCH Kr 56 West Labe fit.
C. s. BROWNELL, Cn West Labe st.
J. B. CHASE CO.. 25 and 27 North Clinton et.
T. NEW HALL 02., S5 West Randolph et.
MUNK. NORTON A SLt'TT, 161 Wtai Washington.
Detective A Preventive Agency*
PINKEBTON’S. 55 W. Washington-et.
Druggist (Retail).
THOMAS WHITEFIKI.D. &63 Siato-st.
DrnggUts.
GALE A BLOCKI, 57 West Randolph st.
Y’AS SCUAACK, SIEVENsUN A REED, 547, £49
it and 651 Wabash ur.
Dry Goods.
J. B. SHAY, 243 aod 215 W.-st Madison et.
J. B. SHAY, Thomson's Block, West Mudison st.
HAMLIN. HALE CO.. Office 266 Michigan av.
Engines—Ylacliluerj'.
WM. McGREGOR, 23 South Caaal-et.
C. k G, COOPER CO., 10 and 12 West Ran*
dolph-6t.
Engravers (Wood).
J. SiANZ, ICS West Washington et,
Expresses.
GARDES CITY, 122 West Lako-st. and 190 twenty
aecond-st.
Express Offices.
UNITED STATES EXPRESS, 59 and 61 West
WflishißSton-st.
Elevators.
MCNN A SCOTT. l&f Wvst Washington at.
EugraTcrs and Hie Sinkers!
C. 11. HANSL'N, 51 West Madison-et.
Fruits and Fancy Groceries.
31. GRAFF A CO., 123 West Madison-st.
g. P, JsLADDCN A CO., 10 £outh Clinton st.
Forwarding and Insurance.
C, E. CHASE A CO., southwest corner Randolph
and ilalsted-sts.
A. L. HALEdfc CO., 10,12. U and ICNortii Canal-st.
THAYER TOBKY FLTINITCRK CO., 86 to 92
West Randolph'Et.
Fish. (Wholesale).
NYB CAMPBELL, 21 So. Jefferson-st.
Farm Wagons.
PETER SCHCTTLEK, 103 and 109 South Canal-st.
Grocers (Wholesale).
SPRAGUE, WARNER A CO., 2S South Canal st.
W. M. HOST A CO., C 3 Suum Canal St.
GoCLD, BRIGGS A (JU., 41 and 43 M»mh Canal St.
C. li- BECK.WITH A SONS, 75S Wabash av.
Grocers (Retail).
DAY, ALLEN CO., 631 Michlgan-av.
MB LEV KNDICUTT. 774 WaUash-aV.
J. it. GILLESPIE. 71>5 Wabash av.
Gunpowder.
LAFLIN A RAND FuWDER CO., 595 Wabash av.
Gas Fixtures aud Fittings,
fi.. IL. WlLSlAltrii A BHO.. 22; Mienigao ar.
Hardware (Whdesalo).
WM. BLAIK A CO., 30 *.nd 32 South Canal fit.
LaRRaBKE ANUUTIi, 4Ss W.sl Latest.
Hardware.
J. K. BOTSFORD A SON. 401 Wabash-ar.
Hides and Leather.
CHANDLER <t BOYNTON. 49 South Canal-fit,
House and Sign Painting.
MARTIN* LEONARD. 125 West Madlson-st.
Hats, Caps, and Furs (Wholesale).
KEITH BROS;. ‘.i.O Prairie nr.
Hat UTaunfactarcr.
PHILLIP A. CAVANNA.3TS West Adams at.
Hotels.
BRIGGS DOCSE CO-, W. Mad Don and Canal.
Hair Goods.
M. GLASSBBOoK. M 3 Twenty-second st.
Importers and Sugar Kellner’s Agents.
IV. 11. COLVIN, 3TI Wabash ar.
Insurance (Fire).
O. VT. BARRETT CO., 9 South Hatsted-sf.
OGDEN, Ml ELDON A SCUDDER.G2 South CanaMt,
E. B RYAN A CO., 45 and 47 South Canal-st.
GEO. CLARKK A CO., 1« Eidridge court.
AMERICAN. 4:7 West Madison st.
A. C. DUCAT. 3-1 tiud 32 South Canal st.
Xs. M. MOOXIh A CO., Adjustors, 6a South Canal st
Insurance (Life).
BERKSHIRE, 70 South Caual-st.
KNJCKEUBO' KEU, Southwest corner Randolph
an<l Halsted-sis.
ECLECTIC, Southwest corner Ualstcd and Ran*
rtoU-l'-bts.
MLTUA L. OF KEU* YORK, ISJ Wc-Jt Madisoo st.
PROTECTION, OF CHICAGO. 235 West Madison st.
NORTH AMERICAN, of New y,>rk,sll Wabash ar.
KOUITaBLK LIFE. 663 Wabash ar.
Massachusetts mutual, wntmh ar.
.MUTUAL.of Chicago, 231 West Madison st,
PHKSIX MUTUAL LIFE INS. CU.,' liemr H.
KOON, Ifd West Washington *t.
lusnranec t (Firo and Accident.)
TRAVELLERS’, of Hartford, Julius White and J-
H. Nolan, Agents.
iron, Steele, Nails, Ac.
KIRK. COLEMAN CO., Sonlh Canal-Bt.
aiTti kimE VRK A CO.. 43C tt übnsh*av.
'J I OSF*S j-LACGHLIN. O-i to »50So. Canal-st,
PABKiSjK* WILKINSON, 70 South Canal si
Iron SToundrye.
lae DAVID M. KOltn, W to C 3 West Wathtai
ton-fit. and 47 to 55 South Cllnton.rt.
Improved Mercantile
j, JL BHADSTREET SON. 2fi Canal-et.
Jeweler* (Wholesale).
•COGGSWELL Cu..3’S Wfat Madisou «t.
Jewellers.
'*7LLEIL 47U\Vnl«!-U-av.
A- 7k-I** *'ICUT MUTUAL LIFE. ST9 Wabafih-av.
COJtSBLi- corjjor \\abu«U «iv. aud lw«Qty
GILO
toccoml *t. W’arc and Tin Cans,
japanne f>3 n .i w s,.uti» Conal-st.
KOM..N M IJ<tnor I)ti][ri
DUt11lC r r,‘-f
DICKESSON. lea.cb
law Boolts.
CALLAGHAN CUOCKCUUFT, 12l
dolpb'Bt.
Uvcry'Staples.
T7* AS POWELL. 25 to 31 West MadlflOa*st.
WIiIGUT 15U05.. 3*' cl n 8
XeatUcr Findings.
URO Jfc CO-, 35 and 37 Casal-et.
RLAOKBUBD BRO.. 27 South Cunal st.
cuvfflus*“*'
liuuher and Shingles.
IV V PIIETJTMAN, 6
Slating and Black Board..
lairj'era.
BF.STLET. BESSETT. ULLMAN A IVES. 370
'n“!VlsWll.DEr., J73 West lundolph-st.
lawj’CW aud Adjusters.
tiKCKWITH. aYEU A KALB*. 795 Wabash AT.
Sissar&M-
haMCEL jT A-nVATEK. u south CUuton it.
A UilUttery.
w 3. M. WETUEIiELL. 303 WuhOJh-ay.
U milllneo' ("Wholesale).
-•.ttii BEOS;, P«iri« av.
3futcb.es.
,v; T lb MATCH CO., n WMt 3i.anon.jt.
ECtBC-JJ 3lopl a nd Chart*.
r.EO F. CHANS A CD.. »AV«t L.k. Jt.
GE jrcucUant Tailoring.
■n.TTnEWS A SIASOS. 6M Wuhash-ar.
jL' J.WAE .W Wahash nr.
BUSINESS DIRECTORY.
Oils (Wholesale.)
KENLY A JENKINS, 31 North (’anal.at.
j Oytters and Fiihr
A. BOOTH. 637 Michignn-av.
P. J. RUTH. SSnnd S7 South Canal.si.
Co..ll4West Xlandolph-ct.
HEl(BT;Al, C’OETIS, JO7 East Twelfth.at.
Offlec end School Furniture,
a. 31. SHERWOOD. 103 to IW Soiith Canal-sl.
A. H.ANDREW 3 *DO., 119 and ISI W. Washing*
tOBHSt.
'Paper Dealers.
NORTHWEST PAPER Co., PT West Lake-st.
BRaDNER. SMITH A CO.. Cl9St«te-»t.
McCAH, FITCH A CONVERSE. 55 West Lake st.
Printing Presses.
OFFICE OF B. HOE A CO., of New Tork, at Chicago
Newspaper Onion. 13 North Jefferson-st. \Y. U.
KERK.HOFF, Ap«*nt..
physicians. 1
JUSTIN HATES, M. P.,* 123 Calumet ar.
INDIANjDOpTOR, 15S Sooth Halstcdst.
Pianos.
W. W. KIMBALL, 010 Mfchlgan-ay.
J. BAUER CO:, 2TO Mlclrigau-ov.
KEEP'S temple of Music, 61 Sixteenth-sL
Picture Frames and Ulonldings,'
AMMONS. CLARK A CO.. 197 and 199 CliutoD-lt.
Periodicals.
THE SPECTATOR," 45fi Stafc-et.
STANDARD. CHURCH GOODMAN. 13 Harmon
court.
Plumlilng and Gas Fitting.
\V. H.PATTERSON. 121 Wrat Randolrh-st.
James irons, 9 uoistod.*t. _
PuLllsliers.
ADAMS. BLACK3IER A LYON. 201 W.Wuthlngton.
LAKESIDE PUBLISHING AND PRINTING CO.,
13 Darioou court.
Printing Presses.
GLOBE JOB; 45 Weal Washington st.
Powder Companies*
AMERICAN, 1061 lndlftna-av,
Railway Supplies.
MAESH& GOODBIDGE, So. AV. cor, Com! and
Lake.
Beal Estate and Eoan.
ISAAC B. TUTT. 23hWwt Ramlolph-st.
S. H. KERFOOT CO., 40 and 45 West Lake-st.
BLANCHARD BROS., 607 Slate-eL
SNYDER LEE, 9 >outh HaUied nnd corner of
Alourooand LftSull'.sts., Nixon’s Building.
DAlltll A BRADLEY, 69 South Cai.al-Bt.
G. S. lICBBA l!l>. Jr., 70 South Cftnal-ss..
OGDEN; SHELDON SCDDDER, 62 South Ca-‘
HENRY WHIPPLE CO., So. W.cor. Randolph
and Uftlstod-sts.
A. KOVATS, southwest corner Randolph and Ha I
sted-ftts.
R. F. JACOBS CO.. 655 Wnbaih-av.
J. E. BCKCIIELL A CO.. Wabash-av.
INGLEDFAV ASoUTHWORTIL 4«l Wabagb-ar.
GEO. G. NEWBEKRY. 537 Wabash av.
A. It. WING A CO.. 539 W’nbaSh ar.
ULLRICH A BOND, 511 Wabash nr.
J. S. A. SCOVILL. 537 Wnbash'av.
REA A CATES. 7i*6 Wabash ar,'
I). COLE SON. IAS West Madison st.
D. K. PEARSONS, 195 West Mudisnn st.
EDWARD F. THOMAS and N. F. MERRILL A CO.
tit West WaahlngtoD st.
Railroad -Depots and Ticket Oißees.
MICHIGAN CENTRAL, foot of Twenty-srcond-st,;
Ticket office corner (’anal nnd Madison-sts.
ILLINOIS CENTRAL RAILROAD CO., Genera)
Offices, 610 Michigan nv.
Pitseneer Deaot, foot oi Twentp-accond st.
'Local Freight Office. Weldon.
Out-Frefcht Depot, C. B. 4 Q. Dopof,
In-Freight Depot, foot of South Water st.
Shirts.
SCRIBNER A NICHOLAS. 775 State st.
Safes.
DIEBOLD k KIENZLES, 446 Stalc-et.
HERRING 00., corner of Fourtwuth*at, and In
dlaua-av. J
SCOVILLK HARVEY, 563 Wnhash*ar.
S. CuYIiES. Office tKI Park*av.
M ACNKAL A URBANS, 27 So. Canal at.
HALL’S SAFE AND LOCK CO.. f.O West Madison
Setring Machines,
HOME SHUTTLE,"247 West Madluon-at.
FINKLE A LYON. 7<u* South Unlstcil st.
WHEELER A WILSON. 223 West Madison et.
WEED, 196 Woet Madison st.
Sash; Doors, and Blinds.
CHARLES J. L. MAYER, southeast comer West
Lake and CauqJ-sts.
Saddlery Hardware,
BRIGHAM A JoNE< 14 West JUndolpb-st.
HAYDEN A KAY, 47 West Randolph st.
Starch Companies.
THE OSWEGO. 97 W. Medlson-flt.
Scales; Trucks, Ac.
FAIRBANKS, GREENLEAF CO., 11 South
Canal-st.
J. P. FORSYTH CO., 40 South Dcsplalncs-st-
CBICAGO SCALE CO., 31 and 56 West Washing
toa-^t.
UUWE’rf, 57 North JofferMn-Ht.
Stencil Tools and Stock*
FINIGAN. 261 E. RandolPh-et.
11. HANsON, 51 West Madisoo-st.
Stationery, Job Printing; Blank Book
i Manufacturers, die,
CULVER, PAGE. HOYNE CO., 11,13, and 15
North Dwphrfnee-rt.--
SMEAL, URBANKS CO., 45 West Washing*
tOO-sit.
JOHN H. SMALL CO.. 27 South Canal-et
THE WESTERN NEWS COMPANY, 03, 97, and
99 West Raudolph-st.
CAMERON, AMBEUG A HOFFMAN. 16 West Ban
tlolpU-sC.
J. M. \V. JONE3. 65 So. C«nal-Bt.
RAND. McNally aco., kb Weat Randolph aod
northwest corner JefTtrsnn and KaoJolph.
School Books*
ivisox, bl'akeman, taylob a co., 273 w«t
Randolph st.
Tobacco (Manufacturers nod Jobbers.V
HEART, WAIT A DODGE, 98 W. Washington-at.
Teas (Wholesale),
K. SHERWOOD A CO.. 812 Statist.
DANA. UYUE A CO., (N. C. Drape, agont] 49 Lake
atroot.
Transportation.
GREAT WESTERN DESPATCH, 519 State st.
Trunk Manufacturers.
RILEY A BRANDINMUCRE, 49 North Jefferaon-st
Undertaker*
JAS. WRIGHT. 12 North Clinton it.
Watch Maunfa’turlug Co.
NATIONAL ELGIN, south-west corner Green and
Washington.
Wholesale Stoves.
J. F. RATHBONE k C 0.,30 and 32 South CanaUL
Wholesale Groceries*
SPRAGUE.* WARNER CO., 23 Soulh Canal-sU
Z. M. HALL. 559 aud 261 Randolph et.
Wire Cloth and Matting.
CLINTON WIEE CLOTH CO., 781 Statist,
Wholesale Hardware*
WM. BLAIR CO.. SO and 3S South Cunal-at.
BIUTSELL, TERRY BELD£N, 57 West Lake
fit.
AUCTION SALES.
GEORGE P. GORE CO
will have their first auction tale of
BOOTS A.2STD SHOES,
coder the new dispensation, on
Wednesday, October 25, at 9!-; a. m-,
at their spacious salogrooms,
Nos. 1 and 2 Bandolph-st.,
COIL M!CIIIGAN-AV
at which time a splendid line of all grades of goods
for men’s, boys’, and youths, women’s, misses, and
children’s wear will be offered.
MOTION! MOTION!
WM. A BUTTERS CO.
ARE READY FOIL,BUBINEtsB.
Office 1204 Indiana-av.,
Southwest cor. of ladiana-ar. sod Twonty-slxJh-sl.
Orders left at our new stand,
jjos, 3 and Handolph-st,
(OPPOSITE THE OLD STANDI
Will Meet Witt Prompt Attention.
Sales of all kinds of merchandise solicited.
Wo will hold our first ssla at our Now Auction
House on Wednesday, November I, next, opening
with a Trash stock of dry goods, clothing, boots and
tbo’es, Yankee notions, Ac.
WM. 1. BUTTERS CO.,
auctione tins.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Notice to Policy Holders.
Parties outside of tho burnt district, to whom we
have made loans and whose policies we hold as col.
lateral, are requested to call upon us immediately.
This Is of the utmost Importance, as a large nuoiber
of the policies are no longer good and should be
placed In undoubted completes at once..
Parties in the burnt district should also call nnd
have proof of loss made, that tho money bo collected
as soon as possible. BAIRD A BUADLEI,
M Sooth Cansl-st.
To Lease.
50x230 feet, from one to tfiroo years from May next,
on South Ulark-Bt,, couth of Foartoeuth-st.
WM, D. KERFOOT, Notary Public,
80 East Washington.at ‘Pornt Distijct.”
Old Iron, Copper, Brass, Etc,
The highest cash market rrico paid'for tho abm
metal*, at thvir utw atore, 2tf AJi^Lfcian t., cort«
of Cass, North Mils. G. A- A t.u.
Guus.
asd SPORTING GOODS,
E. B.EATON, 731 Slat* Slrc'cti will rccoire a large
stnrk In a few
HOTELS.
THE CLIFTON HOUSE
WILL BE REOPENED OCT. 25.
Comer Washington and Ealsted-sls.;
famished and Jcept as c first-class
Jtotel by
cor.. W-A- jrarcKrK-g.
Cottage Gi*OVP Hotel.
-Cor. Cottage Grove ave.< ann ?2ud it..
Tor reiit. ialtahle foVufficM or Hotel pnrpoan.
Accommofatfoo- for M 9 kuetu. StaOhog fur 10
horse*. CMvr.hottir, piggery, ci.aHiouso «ud wash
room. Stouo basement, 8 l-2 foot deep, for atorag-’
of liquors,• potatoes brother merchandise, and tin
avrriour t«t frost.
Or. board from Mien to nine dollars a u-eok; and
for six dollars to persona who hare'nt saved theli
furniture. Access.by>ir«,t cars every six minutes,
or Park trains every h*U*h««r. Apply oc.
premise*. Z'
machinery.
Steam Pumps,
WROUGHT IRON PIPES. 4
BOBBER AND HEUP UOSE,
AND PACKING.
THE NORTHWESTERN MANUFACTURING CO.,
Jcffenoa-Bt.
GENERAL notice^.
ScMcaeo, der 12 timoa, IS7I.
Mister E. If. Ifotchtn*o»'.
Mine L«iber Freund: Fonder crown of mine
feets to der auiila of mine hid 11 vas sorry nboud yon.
Too cot tuioo tympady, can you u«n dor, on nckoQQd
der fire* ended you nit nb ml: drxn benndifufl oysder
eadin pblaccs pr Monroe nnd Mitate slitrect. Der
more vat you lif der looser yon find by shooplder id
poodygwickoud. dot dormtv*t shweedfnil tlagugn
<-«riy pooty soon gwick died. Yell, Joa can help Id.
Never ooa’d did Mid die, cfca ofyoar cond d*l-n
drail dor groundt. kreb a shliff nbber lib down. uud
on a ieedle Thiie yon vo««db<yn vouce mere a great
succeed, mit pishness. Don’d 'peen afraid. Wine
freund Sllfiter Potter Pairoff be uhtlli vas cot more
n« ft parrel of nerfy. und den ub Tent dot house again
nod you rood been shnckrall of der nutaite in, and
derpoaltry nn«l oysters rood got oh a heab ofehtyleg.
.Tell, 1 vood redder hnfs a tullar* in der
dwo times National Pank of mine pocket
dberoia. asyongot eaded ull ub mit fire, dot nice
blsce rat yon got. Yell, now you got acme nerfy too,
atndtt. iTMon year new house der odder toy, and
dote so too Tat I any, derfery footit ton rat vaa go
put,'ftlnd Id, since dot fire. Dose vas coot pluck,
und ofer a man di-eerti sotnjjtlhg*;for dot, shuro tmg
dottasyou. Gobedtmit obr moosict, oyaders ras
•ad on your house besaor as ef* r.p.-foro. und mine
alfiM T«s libeoot to efery von, dot von dhry rant to
•aldbemaelfs, go und see der new pbtace vat mine
lelber fround, E. 11. Uutciiinson. hafq yocst pilt to
gff lieldth, wealth; und broaberity to der pcoblcs
poetics. Tours for libcue,
CAUL PRETZEL.
Gold Medal "-Saleratus, Cream Yeast
Baking Powder.
Western Depot J. 31 on roe Tuylor Chemical Works,
October 15. JB7I.
Onr customers who have given orders to our agents
can rely upon their being tilted ns tunal, direct from
thu factory. Our facilities for tilling orders hnvo not
been interfered with by the fire, 'afati mail orders aro
-solicited and will have prompt Attention.
JOHN HUTCHINSON, General Agent,
.261 Warren-kv., Chicago. 111.
To City Advertisers.
THE ADVANCE GOBS ON.
Tbs Advance will bo regularly issued this week.
Advertisements can ba received up till 9 o’clock to*
night at 13 South Cnnal-at., opposite The Tbibune
office. This Issue will reach a larger 7 country circu
lation than that-of any paper published in the
Northwest. ‘i
All Parties-Huldlug Policies
IN THE
■FnllonFire Insurance Company,ef New York,
Burned out in the into fire, are requested to present
riieir claims at once, ut the office of the agents of
that company,
G. O. CLARKE ACO..
.Chicago, Oct. 17. ml. No; li);Kluridgt> Court.
Manhattan Insurance Company.
An adjourned meeting' of rohey holders will bo
held, at Standard Hall at 2 o’clock p. m. to-day
(Wednesday), to take action on suggestions made by
representatives of that Company.' 1
OFFICE OF
The Riverside Improvement Com-
pany
I* at TOO Wabash|-av*
Notice.
To Adjastors and Officers of Insaratjce Companies:
An Adjourned meeting of Adjusters will be held at
the office of B, S. Crltchell, No. 30 MaMsfn-st.. at IQ
a. m., October IS, 1671. to hear the! report of a com
mittee who veto appointed at a nutating held Toes*
dty afternoon (twenty-eight insurance comp-mios
being represented). to devise some method for unity
of action In the adjustment of losses.
JOHN J. JAMES. Secretary.
GS. HUBBARD, ,TR., REAL ESTATE AGENT,
No 68 Caual-st., will lease collect
runts, sell real estate, and do all kjnds of convey*
ancinff. Several well located residences in the
West Division for sale. All abstracts of title and
other papers in my csrc saved from late fire. Q. S.
HUBBARD. JR., fift Canat-st
Removal.
SAMPSON-
Real EAtat«* and House and House Ronting Agency,
bu« Room 4 Brron Block, I*i L<*Bmfe-st., is now at
3IS West Wiiahioßtou-st.
The Rubber Clutblu? Company,
Formerly of 82 Lnke-sf., will ojvd vrlihn full line of
roods Nlpitu the Slat Inst., on SlicMg'*n-uT., corner
Darrlson-st., where thor will be pleased to hear from
•ill their old friends and customer*
F. M. i W. a. SHEPPARD. Agents.
City. Intelligence Office.
I take pleasure in informing my frfehd* and the
public that I have reopened my office at No. 155
Tbiril*av and shah be at all tlmrt to
see you. ZTarlne had many years’ experience in
said buiiucM. 1 thcruforuhave the be*t servants, and
can procure help for any position -at me shortest
notice. MBS. MARX,
MEDICAL.
Dr. C. Bigelow
Has removed from
ITO SOUTH CLAUK-ST.
there ho has boon established for the, last twelve
years, to
464 SOUTH STATE-ST., CHICAGO, ILL.
The Doctor is the only one of that name practising
la the city. All others arc imposters.
BANKS
The Chicago Savings Institution,
Corn A r Btnt« and Wnsblagtoa-ats., resume bminess
to-day at their old office.
B. W. PHILLIPS, President.
PAUL F. NV. JUNG.>-l. fr»-a»nr«»r.
tor sAias.
500 Barrels Kerosene Oil
dost received, and for sale by Z. 11. Hall, Wholesale
Grocer. la Lind’s Block, the only building that ea*
ia tho „bolo bUlloeSl POrliOQ Of the
city on the South or North Side. Orders from th*
country promptly filled at tho lowest tuarket price
far everything In the jinn of T«»aa and "Crocerha.
SOD Barrels Green Apples,
30 boxes Lemons,
50 bushels Cbestnntsv
COtl Cheese,
Full assortment of groceries readv for shipment.
wil. &I. HOYT A 00.,
C 3 C'anal-Bt., near Madison.
PIANOS.
Tlic OlHcc of
J-: BAUER&CO.
IS NOW AT
y s
STO >liclxigan.-av,
A FULL "ASSORTMENT' OF
ENA.BE BAITER
PIANOS.
Also a large stock of MUSICAL MERCHANDISE
is now In transit.- Will be ready to fill orders prompt*
ly a* heretofore in a few days. Parties haring
pianos rented w|H please call and pas rvnt_»a_*bf***»
BANKING.
The- German National Bat,
NO. 16 CANAL-ST.,
Between Lake and Rnndoljli-sift.,
Is fully prepared for rei'eral banking" biKinets, hay»
itig built a fire proof vault large enough to hnid
money, hooks and papers. Ev.«rythlngcontaliiOd.in
the ripilta of onr old bank, corner L«k*i and LaSalle*
Bte.. has bean fully aud completely preidrved.
Wa nro also preparing at) office for the acemmona*
tlon nfour South Side customers, at the residence of
<>ur Vico President. No, 633 Waba»!i av.
HENRY ORKENKBAUJI, President.
HERMAN SCtI AFFNKU. C:isiiier,
CONTECTIONERY.
P. L. GARRITY,
JIANTTPACTTIRINGr
GONFECTIONER.
Office, CO IVest Madlsnn~*t., nnd a* Kc«t-*
cfcncc, "1C West Act<tma*s(.
Having Inst mr nil, I trust customers who have
been to kind to me io‘ the p**twlU now come for
ward and pay at onco the amount of their acc >unu,
due Or not due, and assist mo In r«u|mihg busloesr.
which 1 shall do os soon aa powl>.
Trnlv. Ac.. P- L- Q 4 RUITi
GUNPOWDER.
GUNPOWDER.
Laflin Band Powder Co.
TILL ALL OIIDEBS IMUIMITLY.
COVXIItY XBASE SOLICITED.
Office; 595 Wabash-av L
".yT. U.~~itto-our customers, please remit
balance.
partners wanted.
nr
asra^rs»Kuraa".rwr;
0 D. Tribune ofllc-.
?,1 »r «i"SiaSi&wW;
t.SI T V.‘ ■o-.aßrMturii.* .S’fficbMc?'
husluess, »i.h unwt g‘i r,,. m i.
irfisis?.
pAUTSIJit A-‘*^UT
1 a urll-cstablished bnVinS builiwe*. ..duress or
cull at 1129 State-af. Qo"d chai)C£^__^_^
suburban beau estate.
57 0U SALE-IN isVAKsTOSI-KOBTH KVANS
r ton and Glencoe; -house*. of from Jio hit n
<t low figures: monthly payments wulbuyah m**
c. K. UUOWSE. Kvaustoiu
FOIt SALK—OH TO BENT—A FIRST-CLASS
brick h.»ee, with {tot and cold «v*for Ju nearly
every room; bathroom..*ll heated by steam;
'•me, Rood »ixed brick burn. »Ud large lot at Hie
pl«*sant village of Bine lsl»»d.' nxtean ‘nllM soot"
ol Chjeecn. Trains on Chicago k Ituck Zaland Rail*
roadtQu to accommodate .business men, and com*
mutation rates of-fure Ter/low. ItJftUlM Of
JIAtsSEY. At Dlye jaif od,
WANTED—MALE HELP.
Atocno man of collegiate education,
business experience', and capital* desires an la
terwt fo some first-class banking, comml««ioo nr
inanufactoringhouso which has been deranged by
the lire, Tien Now England and New York refer,
ohcca. Address with Now Tork reference, O W D.
office of Dow 4 McKeeu, ‘Attorneys, u Wall-s:
ni^TiorV.
Men; tut CHICAGO. BUR
lington ft Quincy Railroad, Iree fare: men
Northern Itallroad, VYii.; syu men
for Chicago 4 Michigan Lake Shore Railroad. AUo,
&n*s... a d 8 bi-ip for the country. AN
DREW O. RING A CD., No. 22 Milwaukee av., up
atalrs.
117 ANTED —BV A LONG ESTABLISHED
wholesale boot and shoe house, a first-class
salesman. None but a practical shopman need apply.
Address, tflth references, P. o. Bor No. 2765, St.
Louis, Ho.
WANTED —A FIRST-CLASS PHOTOGRAPH
T printer and operator: one who under*taud»
the business thoroughly. Address, with full par
ticulars, at. 4 R.. II Broad-et.. Plica. N. Y.
WANTED TRAVELLING SALESMAN. IN
hardware and agricultural goods, acquainted
with (ho trade of the West end Northwest—a first
class man wanted by a St. Lonls house. Address
S SS, Repnhlicnn;office, St.Louis.
WANTED-TWO TRAVELLING SALESMEN IN
the wholesale toy nnd musical instruments, who
command a good Western trade, can find good sltua-
Hons. Amin-ss G. Cincinnati. O?iio.
CTTANTED—MILLINERY SALESMEN TWO
it competent an'i experienced wholesale millinery
Bvlcamtn can find immediate au«l permanent sltua
lions in u first-clans Cincinnati jobbing liousu: refer
ence required. Address, stating particulars.
BORN BROTHERS. Ctnciunati. O.
WANTEIi—CAN VAsEEua—ffcN LV Ve. muiv.
iug men with a few huudr.il dollurs caplttl;
assured permanent, protitAbl** employment, by ad
dressing or calling on S. B. NEWCU3IB, Old Elate
Bank RniMlng, Indianapolii?. Ind.
TV7ANTED-ONE GOOD COAT HAND. SOBER
V man. German prefrrr«nl. Oo Custom work.
G. W. McADAMS, ilerchaut Tailor, Hamilton, O.
\\t ANTED TWO FIUSI-CLASS WATCH*
i* makers at once, nnd two jewelers, at Cairo*
111. TADRO BROTHERS.
WANIKD-TBN GOOD I’LAfi’l ERJS IM3lEDl
atelytsteadyemploymeot until January Land
prcbably till spring. Apply nt 26d East Stato-st.,
Columbus. Ohio, or at city Hall. Columbus. Ohio.
R. A, McINTYKE.
VW"ANTED—A FIRaT-CLASS METAL SIIUU
tt case maker, and one tirsVclass burnisher;
shady employment given at W MiLLiCHAMP’S,
Slmw Case Works. M King.at. E> st. Toronto. Out.
WANTED-A Bout AND SHOE SALESMAN
to travel in Southern Illi/iois aud Western In
diana. Apply to FAUNUM* FLAGG CO., 266
Wist Maditun-st.
WANTED-A PAINTER AND BLACKSMITH;
oii« carriage painter, on light work, must ho
strictly first-class; and orm blacksmith on farm and
•pniiff w»g')iis-BtPTidy job* and gonrl wages. AdJress
UNTILLE Findlay. Ohio.
WANTED-ONE wood-turner and ten
good cabinet-makers, «t SWI KEY’S Cabluot
Factory, 507 to 513 Klazie-st.. corner of Reuben.
rryANTED-A FIRST-CLASS BLACKSMITH TO
TT work On d(« forcing. Apply at tho factorycor-
and Washington-std. 11. c. GOOD
RICH.
TXTANTED—FIVE FIRST-CLAHS CUATMAKERS
v and ono pantmnKor. to go U» Limn, O.; married
men preferred. Steady job will bo given. Address
11. LUSHER. Lima. O.
WANTKD-A. fKAVELLING”SALKSMAN"oF
eiporiotJCo in tho wholesale iowelry and ma
terial trade, with undoubted roeomm.mdaHous, can
l-uru of a good situation by addressing, with rocom
ofuJatiop*. J. Bt’LENB. Indianapolis.
aNTED-CUITER-ON L.UilKa’ AND
misses fine. cQstom-iaado boots and gaiters.
Also one first-class boot-makor. None but temper*
ato mid reliable men need apply or address. The
cutter must have good recommendations as a first
class «nd reliably workman. Address or apply to
F. A, RONOLI) CO., No. 19 Fifth-av., Pittsburgh,
Pa.
WANTED-UY a SlUalC TEACHER OF Pl*
nno, voice, and harmony, a tdtuntion to teach
in some private family in consideration of board.
Address MUSICIAN, care of Lyon A Jlealy, us
South Peoria at., Chicago.
Wanted-man thoroughly: acquaint*
ed with wholesilu hardware, for a low days.
Address by letter t>. MKARS. R'r*» \Vaba<h av.
WANTED— A WGUD KKUU.WEU. APPLY J.
W. Clarke. Sl Judd st.
V\/anted-a drug olerk having a few
*v hundred dullurs to leno ids employer. Address
Brags.” Tribune office.
WANTED A BLACKSMITH. APPLY AT
Sutherland's Teti-Milo House. General work*
man prefored. Q. W. BUTUF.IUiAND.
WANTED-LANTERN makers, apply to
J. S. BREWER. Agent. No. II East Kinzio st.
WANTED CARRIAGE MaKERN ONE
blacksmith, ono wood workmau, oue painter,
at HATHAWAY’S, 000 Stalest.
liUAN TED-300 RAILROAD LABORERS.
v« Wages $173; board, $4, free fare; saw'mill and
farm hands. Also, che>*p tickets to go South.
K. F. CHIEISTIAN, Lind’s Biuck, Room 3 !i. Ran
dolph st bridge.
t anted salesman two no. i sien
*i who ran command a trade In tho wholesale
Boot and Shoe business, for Illinois. lowa and
Kansas. Address: j. P. &S. 4:t N. Main st., bt.
Louis, 510.
IXTANTED-rWa FmsT-'XAAS ROUT AN’l>
Vt shoe salesmen, to sell co»ds in N.irtborn and
Central Illinois nnd lowa, who can command a good
irsde; also, a No. I stock clerk: also, a thoroughly
competent porter, N**u»* »>ut re)l*bl**,, aciivo m-n
need apply. Apply to HIBBARD. RICH Jt N’IjULE.
or a>l(!rt-as. with recommonilations, AI’I’LETUN,
N*»YEB& CO.. Bt. Louis. Mo.
WANTED— HANDS TO W'»RK ON MOULDING;
six whUooers and six stivarer*, to go to Cincm
nati. Apply at TAFT. Soil W AMD 4 CO.’a office. 9.1
Nineteenth st., between 9 and I 10-ihy.
\XTANTED-SASH AND BLIND MAKER, C’A
VY pablo of tubing charge of shop; also 2 frntns
maker?. Apply M 821 Slate st.
U 'ANTED—THE EMPLOY-MENT CO3IMITTEE
of the Relief an I Aid Society hare established
head quitters mi tlie Woman’s Home. 191 WcslJack
•on-*t.. lor applicant* for femnlo otuplo) moot. N, K
FAIKBANK. ChMirm-*n.
WAN TED-FEMALE HELP*
TTfANTED-A YOUNG GIRL ABOUT 12 OR 15
TT years to take care of children and assist at
housework in the country. Apply at Union Uotcd
for JOHN 7'JH»3IP.SON.
A>TED —A GUUD GEltatAN UR NOKWE-
V* glau girl, that is willing to vyurk, can obtain a
good summon hy applying at 363 Vr ahnsh-ay.ftt one
WANTED— A LADY COPYIST; UMJ WHO
writes a bold hand, and has some knowledge u(
bookkeeping preferred. Can pursue her empiuymrnt
at home a portion of the time. Address ARCHI
TECT. Post Office.
WA.VfKU-IWU UuuD UIULs, U.NE A GUOD
cook, washer and ironer, ft ml the otlior for tec*
nr.d work iufl assist; German* j.rei«nnJ. Apply hi
2i>s South Fenrlast.
ANTED-A GllU7 To HELP do GKNEIiA L
homework and sewing lu a private family of
two, at No. 14 Silver at.. West Side.
WANTKD-A FIRST* (JLABB DRESSMAKER To
go to Minnesota. Apply at 9lft I'rairio-av., u
tween iu ami 12 s. m.
WANTED— A GOOD GIRL FOR GENERAL
housework, to go to Bloomington, 111, Call at
76 22nd 3f.
SITUATIONS WAKNED—MAUB,
WANTED-BY MAN AND WIFE, A PLACE
to work; woman it first-class, add mm can do
anything that is wanted about a gootVeman's house.
Ask at Tribune uflico fnr TOM Me.
SITUATIONS WANTED—TEMAIrE
A LADY FROM PENNSYLVANIA, WHO HAS
lost by the fire, desires a position M housokoep.-r;
can do all kinds of sewing; must leave (ho city unb-ss
I can get employment. Ca|l, for three days, at 143
Fonrih av.
ITUATION W A NTKD -AS EEi’KU 11Y
a young widow. Widow,or preferred. Call at No.
80 Peoria st.
FOR SALE,
For salk-a single cylinder tavlor
Press, bed 33*41. Hi complete xvnrking order; ra*
pacity2.niO impressions per hour, with Ilv, roller,
and counter aliafts; Is sold to make room for doubl
cylinder; price, kI.AW. boxed and deliverna nl the
depot in Baltimore. Apply to 1. RAINE, BaUl
-2 ore, Md.
For salk-adams* nooiy and news
Prefties. 27g42i two rollers: Iu erdor. A
bargain. PRATT BROTHERS, SUtTimr*', Maas.
TTGt black walnut
r marble top chamber set. also other furuitare
at 149 Wait Waalifngton-st.
noB SALK—LITffOGRAI'IIIC ESTABLISH
r meat, cb/tsisliwg Of hrs;.-alaas and baud
nressos, tfoitee. etc., etc.. In best order, and In t»w
now Price $8 non. Intending purchasers only need
?ddreMV VANDERBURGH. WELLS A CO.. 15
Dutch-at.. Khw York.
Vnjll saLE-A MA
r* Chino at a sacrifice. No. 14 aßver-at-, one Hock
west of Blue Islsud-av. and H-Gsred-st.
For salk-a valuable and ae«v low
lease, w.tb famlturp, of a largo fjrst-elass four
story brick house. No, ?43 Catumot-av.; eidw tb*
streetca»e, nrorTweniy-fiftb-st.; very desirable
fint-clftft* boarding bouse or European hotel. Apply
on pretnßos.
FOR JtALß—ton.ooo CHOICE, RKANOA’ED cjgara
of my own manufacture, different brands snd
dualities iu quantities to suit. A. HOYKL3IAN,
2VJ East Ranaolph-st.-. corner Market. Uontu No. 4.
—t»K*SA LE-AT aba BG a IN FURCASII. LEASE
and fnrnltnro of four n.oms in bfick house iC'i
South Peorln-et., near Jackson, 15 minutes walk
from bridge, consisting of basement, dii.lug-room,
and summer kitchen, shed, etc., front and rear en*
tranco; on first floor l«rgo p »rl->r 16*14. and fr.-nt
entrance; 2 neat bedrooms <>u second iloor, clean am]
in goat repair, gas In every room and water in kitch
en. B closets. in »s good uelgnborhood ngftiiy on Weet
dido. Lease to rno till Ist of May, 1572. the wboh- f*-r
s4»o, rents for &W per mouth. Apply on premise?,
Hulwdoor.
L’UU SxLK—LEASE OF SIORE NO. 64 AN iTe
T On .premises, o
PRESCOIT, EDWARDS CO.
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
A BOOT AND SHOE STORK FOR SALE. ON
J\ West Madison at. Dolt location In city. 311
Wc*t Mtvditnn at.
CIGAiTaND CANDY STORK PjHt SALE. AT
A a reasonable price. Inquire at .5 Blue Island bt.
A FrnsT'CL.sss viskgak factory for
A *nl“. UapacUy,*l2 ham-la per day. Address W.
U.. Tribune office, giving name, and where personal
interview may be had. t
Ij’Oß SALE-A PAIR OF BA Y .CARRIAGE
I, h»T*e'. grntio. Inquire of D. W. PAGE, 11, 13,
and 15 South Dcrpblnvs-xt.
I.■'UK SALE-A GOOD HURaK. BUGGY, AND
L harness; also household furniture Ibr bdo cheap
by W. A. WHITE. 50- Butterfield-st.
Horses wanted-: am prepared td
keep 15or 20 driving horses lor the present, or
tor the winter, ata moderate cost; at my Inrm near
Rivorsld-: good stables, good care, graiii If required,
a flue yard, shaded on alt sides, with hay barracks in
the centre; a largo grove on high Und, withubnn
■iatice of spring-water; carriage house to store car
riages, vbero there is qo danger fropj fire-, I want
to buy mrty work .houses for a-party-at the East;
also, horses sold for my friends. H they wish. Apply
at stable rear of 341. am} -313 west Washlngton-st*.
JAiIEsD. BECKETT.
TfTVNTED-TOP BUGGY AND IIARNKSS—IN
it exchange for South-Side lot. N. F.-51ERRILL,
HI West Washington st;
Wanted work for eight tkasis.
dianlhig lumber Of APPl>' to X" 5?-v
76 West Washington st.. batwoen lf< dfid tj.
WILL KEEP AND TAKE GOUD CARE OF A
horse, bQggy nod harq -is through the winter,
for its use. Any one having the same, please address
E. If, l&A and North JoiTerson st.
ANTED FUR GASH-/,' CARRIAGE
and buggy; most be ne«rj>- good as naw.
Address, with price and description, D,” Xyilmdo of
dee.
WAirm> torpnt,
WANTEP-TO RENT-A LARGE -ROOM IN
3.1. Uh f cr stf) ifoyy of some largo building, as
near n# poi»ible to |lm'corner of Wnilnncion and
llalsted-sls. Address B. N, FAY, 12J Weil Waid
lngt»n-st., Rnom 5.
W’ANTEU-Tt> ItENT-STOUE UR lIUOJIS i»N
first floor, lq vicinity of Randolph and Jeffer
srtfi Address ILLINOIS STAATS ZEITUNG.
lu2S West Randolph <t.
WANTED -TO HUNT BY UKsPoN-'IBLB
parJlrs, n good-etZ"d furnished house, lor a lorn:
or short term. South-Side pre:errcd. Address F.,
NO. 789 Wabash ay.'
TY7ANTED-TO THE WEST SIDE,
ir within a feyr- block* trom Union or Jrffur-on
Parks, a huusa with modern imi-rurnnonte, suiUldr
far n amalnamilr. Apply to SPRAGUE. WARNER
A CO., 26 South Canal-st.
W-ANTED-TO RENT-851 ALL FURNISHED
room, naar the Trerqont H»uso (formerly 3lirh
igan Avenue Hotel). Address, with number. S, N".
9 South HaHiefi-ai., .cornet. Randolphi- ilaso&io
Bakldiaff..
CITY BEAL ESTATE.
Foil SALE-CHEAP P'OIC CASH. OK ON A
credit without any payment down, if secured oo
other property, either or both oftho brown none
bouses 672 and 576 Wabasb-av. These are. without
♦exception. ibo most elegant and best built houses
ever constructed In Chicago. They are; upon leased
g.Wun<t—a 2U rear*' leasa-at about 4 par cent oo
tide value of the ground; the buildings to bo taken
■can appraisal at the end of tho lease, ana pa*.d tor
in <ash. .ALBERT CRANE, STS VVabash-av.
T.IOB SALE-VAN BUBEN-SI.-FIVE lots os
JT north side of Van Bureu-st., 24x175 feet. SNT
DEH ft LEE, Beal fetal** Agents, No. 9 South Hal
sce-«-«c corner Randoipb-ac., Masonic RniMing.
Fob sale-wabasii-av. and tbibty
fiftli-ar, (Douglas)—looxl7s lentnnortheastt t cor
ner 9t WaLssb-ar, and TliJrty-flftb-st. SNYDER 4
LEE, Real Estate Agents. No. 9 South Halsted-at.,
corner or Randolph, Masonic Building.
t'OR SALE—BY Q. S. HUBBARD. JR.. NO. 70
Canal-st.—Property in the burnt districts on
the North and Couth Sides. Several well located
residences nnd business houses lu the West Division.
A first-class foundry nod machine shop, with lot,
and tools complete. G S. HUBBARD, JR-, J»eal
Estate Accor. 7« Caunj-at.
fNOB SALE-CHEAP—2a>TORY PRICK BUILD-
X* iug. Uy feet deep by Zb feet front, suitable for
wholesale business; water nnd gas up anil down
stairs. THOMAS GRANT. 60 Blue Island-av.
lUK SALE-OR RE4T-IN THE W EaT DIVL;-
I iou. two tbree-siury vnd basement strongly built
brick houses, adapted without alteration to Insur
ance, banking, brokers, or dentists offices, or for
wholesale dry gooqs, nxilliucry, boots and sooes, or
other business requiring sales rooms. For anb* or
lease, in whole or tu part. Apply ut 7J2 West M&di-
BOU-Bt.
IT UK SALE—A FINE BRICK STORE UN DES
r plainee-nt., cheap. F. UATHEWaY, No. 7 MU
wnuko«-HT,
F’OREALE-THi: new house ON ADA3IS-ST..
near Pau’ltia-st., with twenty rooms and nil
modern conveniences, Wt3l be put in complete order
far a hotel or first-class boarding house at S4O,(XX).
with easy terms of payraeui. Thu lot is ample i6L‘a
x«S3 fortl for any desired oulargomeot. 31r. Barbicr
next door, will show the premises. Address IfiUAßb
HALL, Ann Arbor, Michigan.
For sale-two-story frame house, x>s
West lundoipii-st.. containing 10 rooms. 3 clos
et», pantries, good collar: also woodshed, grapery,
shrubbery, ic., all in nioo twder. Lot 20 by I 0«.
Price, sd,(Wd*. St.hUuc&sh; balance lour years from
tat of March next, at 10 per cent interest. Will soli
ihe entire furulturo focfil.Qoo caalt; Immediate pos*
session i apply «m tho premises.
OR SA t7E—OR RENT-HOUSE WITH 3
rooms, 361 West Washjßgton-st.' Inquire on the
promise*.
L-’OR SALE-BRICK HOUSE ON WEaT WASH-
L ingtou-st., t stories and basement. 13room*,
with lurniture. Inquire of STORY 4 GRIFFIN,
corner of Grean and Randolph.
i?ou jTalk-lka.se and furniture of
elegant now two-story ami basement brick bouse,
located on Pmlrio av„ near Twenty-fourth at. Ad
dress H. E. GEORGE. Tribune office.
I.oft SALK-A NEARLY NEW HOUSE OF 4
I room*. uitii closets anil shed attached, on lot 25x
135. to 20-i.ofV Alley, corner Hoyno and Ferdinand--
sta., -West Mde, completely furnished, with 2 black
walnut, marble top chamber sets, of 6 and 4 pieces
each: 1 parlor sot black w.ilnut, marble top. 7 piece*;
with dining room and kitchen goods; coal ehed.
largo clstcrqsoft water; hanging lumps. Will soil
all together er separately. House J!,700, si,nnO cash,
balance on long time. Furniture *4O». Can be seen
any time this week by getting key at 711 West Hub
burd-st. Must be sold this week sure, and for cosh.
A Ills is a No. 1 trade. Bedding sold if wanted.
FOR SALE-WEST MADISON-ST.-90 BY 153
feet, northwest corner of Washington and Ann
als. SNYDER LEE. Xtcal Eatato Agents, No, 4
Metropolitan Block.
C*OR SALE-HOUSE ON LEASED LOT, NEAR
F Court Hosso {High School), West Monroe.st.,
two story house of 9 rooms, favorable lease Imuirdi*.
ato possession. Price. Si.SfiO cash; a decided bar*
gain. F. B; MARSHALL, SOI! West MudUou.st.,
iiiium 8.
FORSALE-ON miciiigan-av., near twen
ty-third-at., first-class Uouso, with furni
ture, on ensypayments. Houso contains nil modern
improvement*, with lot 75*166. Immediate posses*
sloit Given, Mso. house und lot at Maplewood, foor
miles irow Court Houso; price, 93,000, A. R. ING
A CO.. 539 W>b ■ah-av.
FOU BALL-THREE FINE'HOUSEfi, BRICK,
with Htino trimmings, two stories andbase
moiit. iust Lcilt and to l>o ready for occupation by
l«tofNovmtl)cr. Brick barns in rear. Situated on'
Rue St. ilonoro. a half block south of Madisou-st.
fhoy will be for rent ot 4l,(X)0 und 51,2u0 pcmnniim
if nut sold b/ Ist of November. JNU. G. ROGERS,
693 West ilo.»roy-st.. and at High Bchuol buiidiUg.
i|tou bale—29xii’(> on state-st., opposite
the new Palmer Hotel, or will lease it for thirty
years without revaluation. Address B. GROSSMAN,
120 Ellis-uv.
UR SALE-NEW HoUaE OF MNE ROOMS,
i price only $2,000, part cash, part on time; most
have some cmh, am dead broke; house has modern
impruuetneuis, situated uu southeast corner uf C'ul
umet-av. and Twenty-sixth-st., both paved. Call
and see it.
I'Olt SALB-OR TO KENT—WARE HOUSE—
I. Tbo spacious brick church building corner West
Uarrisou and Sangamon. sc*.. 73x125 teat in siro, two
lloors, with'gas and water already in. The best
building lor ttnraco and business purposes now va
cant in the West Division. Terms easy. Apply to S.
M. HUNT, JR.. 73 West V»nßuren*st.
L'OR SALE-FINE DWELLING ON WARREN
I av., near Union Parle, with lot 125x76. HER
BERT A QUl'.'K. ittJMate.st.
For sale-sixty feet on west mad*
»od, cast of Paulina; W feet on Wells, be
tween Randolph and WaahJnglon; 32fi feet on Indi
ana. north of Thirtieth struct; two houses and COx
125 feet on Park avenue, near Robey; 46x150, Nos.
(53 and W South Canal street. This properly is
rented for SI I 1 ,000.
Wc have removed our office to No. C 3 South Cana
street,- have a large Eastern and Southern curres
pondenco. und persons having property to sell or
parties wishing to Invest can always find os on
hand ted ready to give anv information.
KERR DAVISON,
63 S. Canol street. Room 1.
BO&RDINO AND DODGING.
*1 KLDRIDSK-COURT-FURNISUKU ROOMS,
JL±i with tlrst-clnss board, at reasouablo prices.
Ko:ercnccs required.
M BISHOP COURT.—TWO SUITES. AND TWO
single rooms, some furnished and some utiftir
iiUln-d. to rout, with bnrd.
ijf\ SIXTEENTH-ST.—BOARD AND LARGE
&\J front room, with alcove. Roferauca required
•Tl NORTH GHEBN-ST.-BOARP, WITH ROOMS,
I X In first.cla«. brick liouiD, fr«n? 95 to 96.
*7Q«DUTH MO RG A N-ST.-'F UR NISH ED ROO3IS
U with board front suite lnrg<>, and single rooms
old prices. Half block from Sladison.st.
IQ SOUTH CAUPENTKR-ST., NEAR WASH
■±O ingtoDfSt.—Pleasant rooms with first-class
board. Terms moderultL A feiv day hoarders
wanted.
£*o HOOMS TO RKST,
furnished or unfurnished. with or without
board, or with breakfast and supper. Terms mod
erixio. Also, barn to root.
/»n NUUTU SIIE(<DOS*SC. —FURNISHED OR
Uw uuUmiitlii'4 rooms, with first-class board, at
reasonable prices.
QK SOOTH HOBGAN-ST.-MRS. TOWNSEND
OO has b'C-itcd in the fine marble front near Mad*
i-mn-Bt. lloinn contains modern improvements, and
Is heated throughout by furnace.
1 A I TiVENTy-KjJUICTiI-sT.—I'LEASANrFUK
XV/ 1 nislitd rooms, with board in h private family.
1 HQ HONORE-ST.-BOARD AND RuilMN FOR
X\JO tour persons in a pnyate L»n)lly. Terms
reftMJiiftble.
m SOUTH SANGA.MON-ST., LARGE UNFUR
uiftbed front parlor to rent with board, fur
pontlt-mau and wile, or two single gentleman, (will
fiirnnlt carpet if necessary.) Home, location, etc.,
tlr*i-clft«H. Terms reasonable.
IOC WK3TEKN.AV., NEAR FULTON-MP.-A
LJitJ man aiiJ \v>:o or four gentlemen can find
good board.
T QfC DOUGLas-PLaCE-FURMSUKD or UN*
iOt/ fiirnisli'-d rooms, with b>ard, (or four gen tic*
jneii or tv.o gonil*men and thuir wives, at private
tUucv, terms reasonable.
T .’T WEST ALASIS-ST. OFFERS PLEASANT
lc>l> rooms, with board, for gentlemen t»ud their
wives nr b usle runts.
1 (*S SOUTH M’OOD.ST,- T'VO OR I JiREK (JEN*
4vf*th i inou cati Ik> ncuommodatod with good
rooms and board at U|odeifttu rate?.
107 w a”k«E.\-A V -FUITNIdIIKO ROOMS and
Xa* I bo >rd |nr fourgoutlemen cap bo had cu rea
sonable terms.
OAG COLFAX.AV.-DESIUABLK ROOMS TO
£j\J£ rent, with board, for families, or gentlemen.
Mod-ru brick house.
99Q WEST INDIANA-ST.-TWO GENTLEMEN
can bo accommodated with a pleasant room
aiid in )*n .\iiiefiu tu priyafo tamify.
99Q WEST WABHINGTO.N-BT.—FURNISHED
4£V rooms to rent, with board..
t)Q'r MICUIG.VN-AV.-A lIANO3O3IELY FUR*
iaO«J nldli«*d room, far gentleman nm| w[ft», 07 ?wo
kjf.Uemeu. S‘»'‘d irnimhlaratb' terms.
95T1 MONUOE-ST.-GENTLEMAN AND WIFE,
inJx. or a fevr gentlemen, can got comfortable ac*
comrrtodatfona for the, winter on re isonable terms.
OI A MICJIIGIN-AV. AGREEABLE ROOMS
OXU and clioico bo-.rd at reasonable terms.
‘T9CJ WEST P,ANjb.JLPH-.>T.-A UKNTLKMAN
and vrlfa wanting unfurnished rooms, and
iwu single goutiotnoo fnrufshed rooms with board in
a privato family.
6rO WENT RANDOLPH-NT. FURNISHED
OtsO rooms, with board, fur two getfilemen nnd
wives. Abo tbreo youug gvutlemou; between May
and Ann.
Q,*tQ FULTHN-ST.-rLBASANT ROOMS, FUR*
OuQ uished orunfuniishxd, with board. Gmtlo*
man and wife ur two single gentlemen, in a private
family.
Q7J 31ICIJ1GAN-AV.-UNK SINGLE ANDUNE
OI large room, for two gentlemen, with first*
cU?s board.
JI'TA VAN BURKN-BT.-2 OR 3 YOUNG MEN
TIU cun bo accoimnudatud.
PT,4 O WEST WASHISGToN-ST.—BOARD AND
OTtU rooms In private family; price reasonable,
lur u«*utleman and Wlfrt.
>vr-3f M.\Dl3o.\-3r.-A PLEASANT
OtJO room and Ixiiird for twit gentlamsu.
QOQ A.DAMS-dt.-FUUNI>HED AND UNFUR.
nislicJ moms, with board.
QQT WEST randolpu-st. FURNISHED
Oul rooms with lii.ard, gat, rind bathroom, hot
andc«»M water; dinner. Turns ro.»onabt«»
folxl O A H ATV .—"UKt'U RNISHED
Q»MJ rrxitna, with board.
IT -Iff 311 Oil 10 AN-A V. —F 1 Rp’i’.OL ASB ffiTXllD
1 JL'xt./ with taro rooms, for gentleman ami wife, in
ft marble front residence.
An elegant -front suite of rooms
furnished, with board, to gentleman and wife.
Inquire at IM6 Prairic-nv. Reference required.
UO.MB, IN GOOD LO
!i cation, for several couples. Terms reasonable.
Hrft references given and required. Address J 11,14
West Randolph-*!., up-stabs.
.T7UUNT*SUrtP. OF ROOMS NEATLY FURNIMI-
I ed to gontlrmin nn<l wife; private fanjily.
Monroo-st. required.
irMRST-CtiASS BOARD AND PLEASANT ROOMS
1/ furnished or unfurnished, for gentleman and
wife or gentlemen. Inquire of A. 51. PIERCE; at
the rnsidence of A. C. Stuart.
I.'lT'-Il HOUSE. AURORA. ILL. ROBERT NA
-1 PER. Proprietor.
Hubbard plaub-transients will
find ihp best of accomniqdiitiotm at Enoch
Wo -dt’, 395 Stato-st. Charge* rtmsqqable-
I>ALATfNK-ROOMy TO RENT. WITH BOARD,
1 |u a private family; forms reasonable. Inquire
of Postotaster.
rny. let-wiiTi board, in a small imu:
X vatw family* suites of rooms on second floor, al
cove. hot and cold water, large closet, bqlh room oil
same floor, sqltafilo for a family of tlireo o< four;
also, same floor, large bedroom in wing lack, closet,
<tc.‘ CullacH.'.l Indi-naav. St ihlo to n-nt.
TWO oEffTLEJ||E.V WITH WIVEB «U
four single gems, can find first class board in a
private family, two blocks fn»m Cottage Grove car**
T*-rros to suit the times. Address, M. I)., care of
£mjth Nixon, or cull nt 313 Vincennes av.
rpu'K?CNT r KUUN}SBKD Uir’yNFDIINUMIKD
1 rooms, with board, si.ltabln for gpnth-m«*n with
wives. Apply at >\est Adams-tt., opposite Jef
ferson Park.
BOARD WANTED.
BOAUD-GOOO BOARD AND ROOM IN A Pill
rati* family by a young man. Address, staling
teiiu<, Aa-. J W, Trlbnne offlci*.
OABD-ANl> GOOD-SIZED UNFURNISHED
room wantad fur Udy, in good location. Refer
cnees exchanged. AddrestS, Tribune office.
READ ESTANB WANTED.
WANTKT)-AY TO too FEET ON THIRD OR
Fuurib-ar., north of Jlarrignn-st. Must iv a
bargain. Owners address A. VAIL SON, 7i2 West
Mourm-st.
LEASE OR PURCHASE A LOT
V» on North LJirk st., te*tween 3lichiff.-»n at. and
the river. STOREY GRIFFIN, 220 West Ran
dulpti st.
WANTED— KNCU3IDRRED PHOPBUTY NORTH
ofTwelfth-st., in exchange for miencumiiored
desirable suburban lots, owners address A. VAIL
SON, 71? West fklwroMt, fA u
LOST AND FOUND.
A ZINK TRUNK. MARKED FRED REMEL
stenr. I remain at 2w Mather-at- A good re
ward will bo ptld.
Between green and mil coodspeed’3
Cfanrch, 1 pair gold spectacles. The finder will
be rewarded by leaving them at 2yOMadison-st. A.
6. WADHAMS.
TF THE GENTLEMEN IN EXPRESS WAGON.
A who wok two trunks—one covered with cant#*
and marked A. Chicago. Illinois, and the other a
common trank covered with red leather—and also
small japanned tin box. from Mr. D'WolPs hf*n<c>.
No. 220 North Deatborn-*t..during the fire, on Mon
day morning, will return information
where they can be found. I will pay them a very
handsome reward. ALBERT EUsKINE, Clerk in
M oner Order Pep’t. Po»t Office.
T WILL PAY*IOO REWARD FOB A PORTFOLIO
lof largo engravings taken from ISOMlchlgao-ar.
I will also pay n handsome reward for a bronze model
of tne endume Column; also handsomely for a sett
or Russia Ratio furs taken from the same place. J.
H. PRENTISS, COtj Mlchigan-av.
T EFT—AT MY YARD O-V THE MORNING OF
JUthe great fire, by a ra*n I can identify, I barrel
liquor, I sowing machine,2 boxes looking-glass plates,
ail of which is stolen property. The owner can have
same bv proving property. Address JOHN F.
THOMPSON, Tribune office, city.
Lost-ledger and journal, marked
“Trnst Fund.” “Estate B. A. Alexander,” with
oilier account books; tin box marked “U. A. Alex
ander.” taken from Lake Park, front of Michigan
av., during the fire. A liberal reward will bo paid
:or tiie above delivered at 370 Wabash-av. J.' U.
waller.
LOST-A MEDIUM SIZE SARATOGA TRUNK,
marked B, Jr., was taken by two men from
tny store, fi4 Waahiugtgn-st., during tho fire of huu
day night.
Also a square box new top buggy, with monogram
B. 8.. Jr. on the sides. Taken from Gillott's North
Side Tattcrsalls stables. The finders will besuitablv
rewarded by returning same to B. BRUCE, Jr.. 606
wabash-av.
Lost— Sunday afternoon, on north av.
near Dearborn**!., a Indy’s cold enamelled bunt
ing case watch attached to a black bead chain and
small jot heart. The finder will be suitably rewarded
by leaving it at 714 Michigan av.
*p OST-ON THE NORTH ’SIDE. DURING THE
±J fire, asmall black-and-tan terrier. A liberal re
w»r«l will iw given if left at 726 Michlgan-ar.
Lust, strayed, or sjulkn —from m
West Bandolph-st,. a dark bay horse, ab'mt 1M»
hand* high, scar on off hinit leg. interferes with both
fore f**t, attached to: top buggy, no tide bliods. blue
trimming,.painted black with small white stripe,
yarhtbox. Tbo person returning the above to Grey,
Clark 4 Co.’s Tanoerr, corner North Branch and
Hnisted-ot., will bo liberally rewarded byAUGUS-
I'US ENGLE.
T OST-HORSE-TAKEN DURING TUB FIRE
AJ from Smith Flagg’s stable. Indlatia-st.. a sor
roll maro.smatl aiz-d, and star on forehead. Return
fa the undersigned, and receive reward. N. F.
COOKE. M. D.. 360 Mlcbfg..u-«r.
LO6T-FROM NEWTON i RKO.’S STABLE.
Court Place, a horse, covered phaeton busty
and harness. The horse was a large, dark roan, with
white star in forehead, one while hind foot, and
large letter W branded ou'fore shoulder. The buggy
was now, with greon body and dark running soar,
marked with plain letter B on body, and mud» by
Albert Card. Haro all been soon since the fire.
Return to BROWN BROS.. 236 East Jlouroo-st..
fold quarters).
UST—BUGGY—DURING TUb FI UK, A DOC.
tor's phaeton, drab lined, patent wheels. and
monogram on side. Wai last Been in Lincoln Pork,
in care of a boy. Return to 3fio Michigan-ar.. and
receive reward.' I>U. If. F. COO KB.
Lo.si-uiLL the gentleman who kind-
I>* offered to carry bag of clothes, shot enn {in
rose), ami yellow pin® cams, with »{|ver knob, on
Monday lust, for young man on horseback, please let
owner hoar, from him atsiarand Crescent Mills,
Randolph.st.
I" GST—CII ILD—PETER TEASE. WHO LIVED
J at 21 Xliusdalo-st., aged 6 years, a German, may
no found by bli parents at 419 Elston road, near the
Rolling Mill.
Lost— a bay horse, lamb in bight hind
leg. A liberal reward will bo paid far Ills ro
turn to 133 Cri«woM-6t.
Lost—& large trunk, left on sure*
rior-st., between Bush and Pino, early Monday
morning last, marked “K. F.also, contents ol
largo trank: also,small canvas covered trunk left
at foot of Eriu-st., on lake shore, both marked “j.
D. U.;” also, some oil paintings. Any information
regarding any of the above will be well rewarded,
and no questions asked. J. D. HARVEY. 3d Soutn
Caoal.st.
Lost-marble tup of bureau and
drawer. Taken from tho front of 229 Michigan
ax. Information thankfully receive
LOST-ANDREW j. MATTISON, 34 YEARS OF
age. If found report lo 9M Michigan av.
Lost-large leather satchel, .marked
on bottom “C.S. Waller, Chicago,” and several
bundles; one with paper box containing a lady's
dre-ses, mixed with another party’s goods ond loft
at Lincoln Park House during tho firo. A liberal
reward will bo paid for the above, C.S. WALLER.
37Q Rehash ar.
LOST-TAKF.N PROBABLY RY 3IIBTAKK
from llio office of the Barnes House, on Slunday
afternoon, Oct. 9. a black leather -valise. Th- con
tents wore of uo value except to the owner, GEO. I>.
RAND. A liberal reward will bo paid for Its return
to the clerk at the Darnos Homo.
rosT-rnoM 320 west 3ladison.st., a lit.
wnite poodle dog, with a blue ribbon on his
nock. Any person returning the same, will receive
a reward of $5
r OAT-BLACK LEATHER TRUNK, COM A IN-
J Ing fi»rt coats, thrso dovdr, 930 in money, socistr
scarf, utjo bundle batting* The finder will please
1o»va at the corner of iialstod and Dlvislon-st*., with
JACK DIIUJI.
T OST-AT THE FIRE, A BUNDLE OF LADra
clothing. Among the contents were an olbuu oi
foreign photo;Tvphs, a White opera cinak, a sat of er
mine Idra. otiv Any person louring information of
tho same at 31 Ui. HALL’S, 300 Wobash-av., will be
rewarded.
T OST—TRUNK CONTAINING LITTLE GIRL’S
Jj clothing, mortgage favor of Imngeue Collier, and
letters addressed Horbort.” Liberal reward for
Information at 213 South Peoria-fit.
TOBT-A TRUNK-MARKED C. 0. MALLEY.
■4-* Was taken from 241 Krio-st. to West Side. Infor
mation leu at 70 Noble-st. for its recovery, will be
rewarded.
tost—a large basket, containing
scales, gold beaters, molds, palo gold leaf, and
other valuables of no value to any one hut tho owner.
S3C reward if returned to A. U. REEVES, 667 Wab
nab-nr.
LOST-ON tub ICTII, TUB FOLLOWING DB
scribed draits, payment of same having been
stopped; 3 drafts from Fayette. Iowa; I from Arced*.
111.; I from Sturm Like, Iowa; I from Ashland.
Ohio; l from 31ncoo. Mo.; 1 from Galesvlllo, Wis.:
1 from Baxter Spring?, Kan. A liberal reward wit)
br paid for the return of same to No. 77 Four
trenth ct.
Lost-one red cow? shell of right
boro gone; spot at butt of same horn; small
white spot on right ll«uk. Please return to lU7
Stewart av.
TOST-SUNDAY. ON MICHIGAN OR WABASH
-H av., north of Eightccnth-et., two diamond stud*
and on® p-oirl in a stuajl box. Tho finder will be
liberally rewarded by returning them t0323 Michigao
nvrmu*.
f liaT-uN TUB NIGHT OF TUK KXUK. f KOM
Cooßftißs.it., near Slate, two feather beds, tied In
quilts; rlrii*, a fellow trunk containlngclothlng. mu*
sic, and l/imilr picture*. Whn-vor will return them
t 287 Souh 11at t*d wilt be liberally rewarded.
T EFT'' AT LASSbN‘STfv UR Y STABIjK—A
Xi Urge bay horse, blaze lo face, one while hind leg,
the other swelled. The owner la wanted at SI Twelfth*
CObAb-'/Wy COWS. THE OWNER CAN
P have the same bf proving property and paying
charges. Corner ludjnna av. and Thirty-ninth st.
|?0 UND—TAKEK FKuM A THIEF. UN TURN
-1 day eventns. October IQ,‘o largo' parlor chair.
Ownefcall at 627 Prnirie-av. aud d« scnto'property.
l/OUND-ON TUESpAV MORNJNrJ LA?>7. ON
r North Sjde, a torrol njaro,which owner can nave
by deeoribing property. Arrival 171 iliibbard-61.,
near corner Sangamon. JNO. H. WELCH.
F'OUND— LARGE SARATOGA TRUNK ON
Michigan Avenue, near East Jaokson-st., con*
taining several towels, coat, ladies' wearing apparel,
laces, book with name iu it, Ac. Can be aeeo 134
West Adamt*st.
POUND—A WEEK AGO SUNDAY, IN AN Oil*
A mans, a small wallet. The owner may call at
925 Indlnna.RT., prove property, etc.
I7OUND-A MARE. ON THE 9TH, MONDAY
U»t. Send description to F. F., care of B. C.
k ATEb* Detective Agcucy, Boom 2, Nos. 7 and 9 C i*
nal-at.
T?OUND—STRAY COW. WHICH THE OWNER
i. can have Uy ertlliug 'at 51 Wobansja*ay„ proving
property and paying expenses,
rOUNP-A RED 3IILCII COW, ABOUT 4 YEARS
r old. The owner can have her by proving prop
perly and ptylnj cvcp.-csea to JOHN ELLIOTT, 409
Dhm Island av.
L'OUND-l BAY GELDING. THE OWNER CAN
i have the sante bf calling 'iV No. 231 Cottage
Grp.ve:ay. apd paying charges.
Found-near clybourn brTdge. a red
cow. Owner can bavu same by paying expenses,
Ac... by culling at J. HAMILTON’S, Clybourn
Rrtdgn,
COUND-A CUW, WHICH THE OWNER CAN
F Uavd by paying charges. Can bo seon at 169
31nfn st.
FODFO-ONE STRAY COW AT 985 WEST MON
roest.: tho owner will pleaqo call abd prove
property and pay clmrgos,
I7STKAY-TW<I COWS, TO UK FOUND AT 1518
JCj Somh Mtate-st, Owner ploaso call.
■p FWAdtD-TfiE J'eTcson W liu muli charge
Xv Of a trunk on Wabash av., on the night i*f tl;e
groat Are. marked W, J, LEONARD, Plalnflrld,
N. J., will bo suitably rewarded by returning it to 43
Eighteenth-si.
SAVED FROM THE FIRE—A DOUpLB. TEA3I.
in harness, from post at ccrnspof dnekson and
Franklin*tts. Uwn&f will give description by letter.
K. R. flllVrEK 4 SON. 13 Centre-av.
STRAY* KD—OR STOLEN—ON MONDAY MOUN
lug, October 9, a small brown marr, six years old.
weight 900 H>9.; has small star on forehead, and little
white spot on tip of hose, A liberal reword will be
paid by returning samo to CHaS. 11, WOOD. Agent.
I’. C. A St. L. U. 8.. corn-r liaised and Carroll j»1«.
STRAYf.U-FROM THE aTABLKS UK THE
United States Express Company, on the nfeiu of
the. fire, onntimiihogauy bay horse. Id hands high,
long, full taj nnd mano; one bay borsn. 15S$ hands
high. Loti) 111 ml foot white, has bad scratches on iiiud
feet; two dark brown horses. Any persqn Giving In
fuitnation that will lead to the recovery nr any of the
nbove described horaev, or that will deliver th*m at
«>or off! c<*. 59 and 61 West Washl»gtnu*st., will bo
suitably rewarded. 11. D. COLVIN, Agent.
*r»AKEN FROM PALMER HOUSE TIME OF FIRE
L 1 so> leather trunk, convass,cover, marked F. U.
Kent, Cbicagn. HI. lib«T.tl reward win he given if
returned to BURLEY TYRRELL. 367 Wabash-ar.
own-r'eari have tln/sunte Lv proving property and
paying expenses, at No- i- Wllaun-st,
fpAKE-N FROM JUI. EDDih’S STABLE, ON
X Randolph.at.. on Monday morning, during the
Are, two horses, which ho can bar* by calling at £39
West-Randolph***.
qiAKKNOUT OF THE FIRE, ON 3IH:HIGAN-
Xav., oq Monday afternoon, a bay mare; three
white fret, white stripo on forehead. Heavy kicker.
C tU at No. ‘JI Fifth-m.. West SHe.
rnAKKN UP-A BAY MARE. OWNER CAN
X have same by palling at ISO West Tadiang-st, dad
paving
mBE'TEAMSTER* WIJO TOOK THE PIANO
X and lurnitqre from the residence «*f G, S. Hub
hard, 2ai North LsSaßfi st,, corner While, on Mon
day morning of |*st week, will bo liberally paid by
delivering the santu at .479 West Monroe-st., corner
Loomis', nr by giving information where -the goods
can bo found.
rpilE EXPRESSMAN WHO TOOK TWO TRUNKS
X marked D. F. S„ sqil rad cusp, ff-.n; the Briggs
House, Sunday- night aftef (he fire, will return them
to the Briggs House, c'oruur West Madison und Canal
sts,, and receive reward.
WILL THE GENTLEMAN THAT BORROWED
my horse and oM open buggy on Monday dur
ing tho fire, at Lincoln Park, bark «f uospiial. to
take burnt man to Wr't Side: return same. A. F.
BORCIIERIiT, latTwenty.second-st.
(2»y rv REWARD WILL BK PAID TO A> Y PER-
giving information leading ;o tf.o xccov
my of the Hong Kong Tea Store delivery wagon a 1
101 Kuril, in.rtlß.afe. r
d&ok R R' V ARD-IF THE TRUNK. .MARKED
<lpi£o 31UaG. D, Pitkin, lust during the firu is de
livered to 8-lt West Fulton.«t., tuo above reward will
be paid and no qu**stlouQ asked.
REWARD WILL BE PAID FOR THE RE
turn of trunk to 66 91yrick-av., marked K.
C. JACKSON, taken from lake shop®, foot of Jack*
soii-st., oq tfietith h{st;
REWARO-STULEN. SUNDAY AFTER-
noon. October 15, from corner of Lake ft n-l
Vnnnl-sts., horse and buggy, described as follows:
D-irk b.»y mnre, switch tail, star in forehead, one
liUul faol white* shoulder galled. U or 15 hands high;
open huxgy, email, with side springs, closed behind
the soat. oue wliiffie-treanrap, bioken; old harness,
yellow braid on oar strap. The abovo reward wil)
be paid on return of hoe«eand buggy to 11. S. P. 8.,
Osborne. Roum.3, Na..133 Wo-it Madinoa-st., or I’pter
Downey. Fußon-st.. corner of o*le«byts».. Chicago,
Oct**b#T Ift. >»TI. PMt.U DQWNKY.-
ffil /lAaK'VAllhrTttt) 1 BUNKS. COVERED
•JSII JVJwUU now cantaa. and largo black aalclu-1-
marked VO. 8- .-Waller” and Sira. U. S. Waik-r,
and other article* tragaq «a North CJarJc-st.
duriug the fire. Above reward will h* paid [pr d
livery of same, with contents, to C. S. WALLER, 3.u
W»b>»sh-av. _
household goods:
Foil dalk-couplete FuimfmiK fob 1
rooms, and rooms te rent; allcheup; nicely af*
tanged for small family! immediate possession. No.
7 Xhlrty-tJjlrd*#t.
PERSONA!,.
ANT ONE KNUWINGTHE whf.ubaboutsdf
Mr, Theodora Pion (the artist.) and wife, mi
deuce corner Rush and Indiana-*!*.. please address
F. A. THOMAS. No. 72 ffnt R*ndolph-»t.
ANY PERSON iIAViNO AAV KAOWLADUE
of thp body That was taken from the rnios nt the
corner of Randolph and CUrk srs, os Monday or
Tuesday, October dor >O, please Date information of
its disposition with W. 9. TflUitN, Ticket Agent
P. F. \V*. d C. It. it., Cans! St. Depot, (.‘lilcngf*.
Agnes fulfukd will find her father
at 2<> 1-2 SiiTer-at.. off Harris- n. near Flatted.
BF. SHERMAN: CALL AT lie WEST Jai:H
ton at., and get book of family portraits; there
is also at the ssm* place a valuable bronze clock, left
by unknown parties, who ore requested to call and
claim the anroe.
INFORMATION WANTED OF «'JI. McDo.V
--•X sell, a resident of 230 East Haodolpb-st.. by Mrs.
Ogle, at 193 West Adiws-st.
INTELLIGENCE OF SAMUEL SHOi'ER, OR
1 any ot his family. Is wanted at Criggs House. A.
ir. hanchktte.
INFORMATION WAMtD-uF 31V DACGiI-
Lizzie and Annie Mahon,who were actresses
at Wood’s Museum, and boarded at (he Nevada Ho
tel. Any information (whether they are living or
dead) will lx* thankfully received at police headquar
ters, No. 300 Mnlberry-st., Now York. P. S.—Other
PJpers will confer* great furor by copying. JOHN
MAHON. Reporter N Y. Sun. Ac. Ac.
INFORMATION WANTED OF A. C, VANDKR
t burch. Comtaunicato to DR. A, H. HULL,
Dong.as House.
INFORMATION WANTED OF EDWARD
JDoylo, John Clarke, and John Ennis, from Will
and Prosperous, County Kildare, Ireland. Address
NAAs. 16'j Archer-av., Chicago.
1 NKUKMATIUN WA.STf.I) XU BOOKS AND
-L paper* of Goodrich, Farwelt S smith, placed in
ehnt»eman s on North Clark at. Direct to
E SM ITU 1720 Indiana av.. or JUDGE F.\B
WELL. M West Wailungton si.
TNFORMATION WANTED OF MRS. MdALIS-
X ter. I jqd friend at 12S North Canal-sr.
TNFOK3IAJIUN \VANTED-OF SAiIUBL K.
1 Pliifljpg, of firm of Samuel R. Phillips, formerly RW
i>?arborn.st Leave word at •693 Weutwortii-av,
1 NFURMATiUN WAN TEU-OF C.\TH ATIIN E
X fyrrlii aud family, who lived at ISO Ohlo-st.. by
faerXiugbtur. KATE TYKRILL. West Lako-st.
TFMJEOUUIE \VIL;ON IS I.S tITe CITY, HIS
X friopds are hare from lowa, and are anxious to sec
him. 11. MURRY.
JM. B..Uht>WiCK 4T AND s‘3 STATE-ST.—
Please call at No. tod West Water-st., at 1
o’clock to-day. N. J. MILLER.
7 TIIIEOOUE, OF 112,f NORTH WELLS-ST., IS
requested to call on E. DODD. 63 South Greou st.
AT maboaukt Bonk, late ur no.
to 111! Pralrlo nr.
*Ue Trill ua glad to bo* her termor boarders aiondny.
Mamie welsh can iievii of a fuiex p
by tending »nMrwi to ?MDM tribune* office.
Yj ItSUN A I/—J A3! ES McNA Ll< Y, EXPRESSMAN
will please call at \V«t Lake street, and
get the money Anna promised him for moving her
trunks on Monday of the fire.
PERSONAL-- .MBS. CAL WaG.NBR SEND AD
dTtM i> or ,w»ldl n r, J et lßlo,y ,7. t South Dosplaines
at. D. B. HQBGhS. Asent M agner’q Minstrel*.
PEItSONAL-ANY INFORMATION OF JAMES
C. Vandyke, Jatooffi.; Lako-at., wjllbotfihnk-
Franklin-
PERSON A L—MISS LARVEAU. SISTEU (77
Edgar Darvran, can ami something ta her lnb-r
--«Mt hy calling at r>:3 Wabash-av.. to-dny.
PERSON Al<—I*. BIRMINGHAM WILL PLEASE
coranmuicata with Henry Kennedy, on board
tno bark Irank Perew, Miller’s dry iiock. North
Branch.
EKSUNAL—WILL THOMAS bYNCH Oil J.
Rosenthal pl-aso send their addresses to ALICE
•*l., immediately, to 27 Wada at. Bo prompt, ss she
is soon to leave Hie city.
PLR'QN A L—\\ ILL MRS THOMSON.WHO
had a room in Rutter Block at the fim» of the
Bn*, seno her address to T. SIIIVERICK. 97 Caln
niet-ar.
PLKSUNaL-SOPHIa BRUNSWICK. STOPPING
with Mrs. Vagiic, IS3 Rnsh-st.. Inis been missing
since the fire. Her friends at Gibson. Ind.. »r*
anxious to hoar from her.
PERSONAL— DU. MoD.UODEN MAY BE FOUND
at frV> Wabash av.< nntll further nation.
PERcONAL-LOUISA Si'JUKNEY WILMAS*.
and AI, Sactre. send addresses tos3Twenty
rourlh-st., ore*)].
EUSONAL-JOHN I*. aCULLY, WHO FUR
nicely boarded with 3lr, on the corner of
Dearborn am) Imtiaua.Rts.. will Hod Plillip Scanlan
»t No. 41 Hubbard court, between Wabash-av. and
State-st.
PERSONAL-DU. JAMES A. COLLINS, FOR
merlyof 107 Randolph st„ please send ujdres?
Tom H»ury*»r.
PERSONAL— EMMETT J. KINYO.V OR AltoHl
bald Winn** are requested to send their addres?
to 11. J. DUN La I*. 277 Went Jackson st.
kksonal-if the girls, Katie and
Nora, who lived with Dr. Cootte, No. 22 Chestnut
place, will report at 360 Slichigaa.av., they will
bear of sometblng to lh-ir ad van tag».
PERSON A L—MISS IIULDAU PICKETT WILL
please call at 630 Washington.st.
PERSONAL-WANTED SENT TO 36 WEST
31adis»n-st„ the present address of the tail, slen
der, plain and neatly dressed young lady, with veil,
and hair hanging loose over her shoulders; and who
passed up and down South Stato-et. four times a day.
regularly, before tho conflagration: motives honest
and sfoceru. 31. W, YVJLSQN.
PERSONAL— BERTHA BRANDT. WRITE ME
at the old number. IfBSRY.
PEKBONAL-M. LYNCH WILL HEAR SOME
thing to her advantage, by giving address
through tribune. Z.
PERSONAL— THE LADY WHO GAVE A LITTLE
property toa gentleman at the orncr of Erb
and LaSallo-su., on Sunday night, will ploasocail
it 766 Unbaili-av.
PERSONAL— MR. 3IARPLE. LA CE OF2U ERIE,
st.. will find Lafayette of 213 Erie-st., at 13
Uold-st.
PERSONAL-WILL CLAYTON B. SHOURDS
send his address to J. LEVIN, 99 Milwaukee- av
PERSON A L—ANDREW SIMS WILL FIND HIS
mother at 436 South State st.
SAMUEL JACKSON, OF BUFFALO, N. Y..
would like to see his son, Andrew J. J„cksoa, at
592 West Madison st.. or bear from him.
THE PEItiO.V WifO REMOVED A SARATOGA
trunk, marked L. G. R., also I solo leather trunk,
canvas-covered, marked P. P„ Loui»Tille. Ky..
from the corner of North Clark and Illinois its. on
.Monday mornlug, during the fire, will be nstbifac
tnrily rowirdod by leaving tho sumo at 99 Park av.
b. D. OIRVAN.
rpUK PERSON WHO TOOK A PARCEL CON-
A Cafnliig one pair face curtains, ani other articles,
from 1» Van Buron-st., will be suitably rewarded by
returning the same to 456 Slicbigan-av. W. H. YVIL-
The man who took into ius wagon on
the night of the fire two bags of goods from the
store of J. B. Shay, will be liberally rewarded by
leaving thorn a( my new store*; Noi. 2(3 and 245 West
Madiaop-st. J. B. yIIAY.
WII.L JIES. PARKS, UF MUSUOF. IK.OCK
please send her address to No. I> Morkot-st..
and oblige. Address OCCUPANT OF ROOM 2V.
TT7ILL MRS. HANNAH E. SAVAGE AND
v child, who lived on the North bide, coma to her
cousins In Detroit,
WILL ANY ONE WHO KNOWS OF THE
wherabauts ef Artie Glass. please communicate
with Mrn. N. A. BEERS. 312 Hubbard.st.
WANTED—WILL THE TRUCKMAN OF HAM*
lia, Hal-A Co. who took tha track from
OhlO’St., or the one-armed man whom accompanied
him, please address MERRILL. Tribune office.
vyILL MR. SAMUEL W YLLKI*. WITH THE
late firm uf Messrs. Ross'A Foster, drygoods
merchants on Lake-st., ploaso write to 1113 sister,
Mrs. Jane Wolply, No. 63 Ncnaca-ijt., CieVoland.Ohio.
who is noxiously looking fcc'hlm *i
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A CORNER GROCERY, IN GOOD LOCATION,
on UnUlod-sl., near Mi|wankee-nv.. doing a
larg? pavlne biulucfts. for sale cheap. Apply at 214
North Hatstcd-gt.
WELL LIGHTED BASEMENT STORE. UPl'O*
site the now Roermati House, on West Madison*
at., tfttifia feet, with three business mifrnnc»*«. I«.,se
for tala—orfck 'building. Apply to J. Y.HAMAN,
Room 1,131 West MadUou'St. Immediate possession
—tflth October, tS.U
A LARGE AND GOOD LOCATED FURNITURE
store and lease, for sale, cheap. Inquire at 525
West Randolph -st.
AN OLD ESTABLISHED drug score. DOING
a good linsicoss, which can bo incrcns’-d, fur
s.\lo. Location cod and rent low; will bo sold lo n
good druggist onlv. 'forms. $4,000 cash: balance to
suit purchasers. Address, with name and references,
fir further particulars, PHAR3IACY, Tribune office.
Drug store for sale, well loca ted
good trade, nico fixtures. Inquire at the held
ware store, 15.1 Arcber-nt.
Drug store, with stock, or building.
to be sold or rented, at a bargain. Address
CHASE, Tribune office.
Drug stocje fqr sale-rare chance fob
a fmvdays; the stock must b.* aold. For nartlc*
nlors add row P. t». Drawer 27, ElP.«»o, 111.
For sale-a first-class barber suer.
at No. IS West Lnko st.
FORSALB-LBASB. STOCK. AND FIXTURES
of a acoc-ry slure. Jtift West Lake st.
FOR SALK-STOCK, FIXTURES. AND LEASE
of boot and sl.oo store, tho best assorted nod
cleanest stock now in Chicago, Call at 139 South
Ylalsted st., or 759 West Madison st.
T?OR SALE-CORNER DRUG STORE, WITH
C bnUdL'*s.aad lot, located on tho West at n
bargain. Tho fctoro is well established. In n good
nolgUboiUood, handsomely fined up. and is doing a
good Taring business.. Address, appointing inter*
view. DRUGGIST, care of K. R. LANDON, Room 8
Lind's Block
For sale—a good paying grocery and
provision store, with building, on ono or thn b>*st
streets In tho city, with a good run of custom: cheip
If sold within three days. Apply to L. U. FKIDER*
OEU, 214 Third av.
For saLk-lk\se of store on west
Madi»on-=t. B:ilend{d Incxtion, with or without
stock. JAMES W. BOYDEN, 151 South San*
camon-st.
ITU HI SALE—OU TO RENT-TUB PACKING
house of tho Dufßeld Ham and Provision Com*
panr. S’liiihoast corner Eighteenth-and Cm il-sts..
81X’69 feet, three floors, very strong nod desirable foi
heavr hardware j«r grocery business. Apply tc
WRKNN. ULLMANN CO., 674 Ujibash-av.
J7OB SA LE—BARBER SHOP RUNNING FOUR
r chairs, with lease,. No. 3 ALerdcen-st., near
West Madison-st.
T?OK SALE-THR STEAM DVB WORKS OF C.
r Ileubsch 539 State-st— now in p»rf**.t t”**'
wmwus tor selling change o(
business.
Grocery, stock, and building, corner
ofThirty-seeond und State-st., for sale.
Meat siabkkt in a good location.
with hone and wageo, for sale cheap. Address
31. Tribnn- office.
'MICE.ROOMS AND BOARD IN EVANSTON FOR
IV man nqd wife in a private family. Address
Evanston, Box 13.
PRINTING OFFICE. FUR SALE-ONE OF THE
most complete steam job printing establishments
in the-West-Is offered for sale by the umlersigtied.
The office contains over 150 fonts of typo, and first
class stands and oases, ono surer-royal Campbell
press, cue quarter medium Gordon pri-se, one eighth
medium GVrdon press, and one eighth medium
Doeener press, with boiler, shafting. running ge.ir.
Ac., all'iti complete oritur. This office. the whole
being nearly new. god as good as new, is offered at
1-BA that; iwa-thinls its original cost Apply to
DEN. J. WEBB, Ky.. Assignee of J. C. M ebb Co.
Restaurant for stock
and fixtures; best location In Uiloago; MytJr*
thing in good rqntiiqg orqer. OiU at 2io
av. Jlfinday. Tuesday, and Wedocaday.
Restaurant and bakery and lease of
113 West Van Buton-at. for ®a)v, dulcablo for
miy boaioess.
S" A LOUN'AND FIXTURES FOR SALE. APPLY
at 5H East Itqndo'P’i-st.. near the iTjdge.
STUCK UK 1 BTA.TWNKUV AND FlX
tarr-x, fi'iraalo at hurgaln. Bent verv cheap:
on Bamiulph-st., neat American Express Office. B
57, Tribune office.
CALOONASD HOARDING HuUSE FOR SALE;
O JyeaM leas?, cheap rent. Call at 501 Elston
roiJ, West Side Rolling Mills.
n\ HE BEST PITTED UP AND STOCKED NEWS
•f depot and variety store in Chicago for sab*. Ap
ply,.Rr, one we«k, at A\ extern Nows Company, »n
basement.
To 3ITLLERS-A NEW QRIST 3IILL FOR SALE
or to rent, at Raciuc, M is. It is located close
to the harbor ana tho'V. U. R. R. Parol. For nar
tlcnlars, address YACGOAN A WlliLfAJld, Ba
clue, Wls.
riaWO DRUG STtIRES,. WKLL STOCKED, AND
1 doing a coud bri-ine**. in the most desirable loca
tion* on th" South aide, for sale. Apply to H. W
PALMER. 961 ilichignn-av.
rnO I'HYSK-I VNS-I INTEND TO MituF.
1. Qco U3x2o) No. 79 West 3tudis-»n.-t., corner Jeffer
con. on account «f lieailh: this office has a v»-r goiwl
location, anti rent pald.tiD Max t; practice I physl
cinuscHn make the money which Is paid farlt in
four or five weeks. Dr,‘Stremiai-I tins practiced on
the West hldo for 8 years, can give th« best refi-ronces,
I has one of the largest praciico*. anil has born crown
ed w Hi) 1 c c j .?a, A PP•>’ lournltige before 9 o*cb»ck to
DR. STUE3IMEL, corner West Madison ami Jeffer
soc-sts.
4KA(fIO' VI V& A STOCK OF NOTIONS
up ±v/vr and fixtures Withdrawn, CO r,d incatiuu
wr Cheep reqr, U^ovvav.
TO RENT-STORES. OITICES, &c.
TO BEST-ON MADLSON-ST. STORE NO- 753.
with office* above; alio dwellings and store* In
various parts of tbo city. CLAFLIN BROS., 733
Madlson-it.
TO REST—STORE 19) MAIN-ST.. CORNER OF
Lyman. soluble for grocery cr saloon. Shelving
and counters la store.
TO RENT—OR FOR SALE-GLASS FACTORY
corner Ontra-ar. and Twenty-second*:.. 74<'X
ini\ and Urea building*. Mar b« used for warehouse
or manufacturing. Sidetrack and slip. AddressO.
F, HARDING. 2X» West MadUoti tt.
TO RENT-ELMOANT OFFICES AT 564 WA
baih-av., corner Harriion-st.. suitable for bank*
Ing. ininranee, Ac.: heated by steam. Inquire of
O. R.GLOVER,36S U*abasb-ar.
rian BENT-IN THE IMMEDIATE VICINITY OF
X the Board ol Trade, Canal-st.. office room tor
several and lofts. Address BD. Tribune office.
TO RENT-FINE SUITES OF OFFICES IS THE
marble front building, No. 407 West Madisoa-st.
Inqnireoa the premises.
L'OURENT-TUE ASHLEY HOUSE. HAS BEEN
A thoroughly n-nov.ited and repaired. I<rea>Wfor
furniture. Address THOMAS ASHLEY. Blooming
ton, 111.
L'OU RENT—THE CAPACIOUS STOBEKOOiI
I recently occupied by ChallU. suitable fair any
business. Address T. ASHLEY. Bloomington. HI
f \'o RENT-ONE «»K THREE WABASH-AX.
X stores, between Twelfth and Ilarmt-o-court, 3
stones and basement, stone fronts, each 27 feet
front, 60 feet deep, with brick stables, deep lota, aud
wide nlfeys. A YfIES KOFF, 511 Wabush-av.
»pO KENT—FRONT OFFICE. 15.\2». AT 32 WEST
L Madion-st. Call from 10 to 2.
r pO RENT—CRACKER BAKERY WITH COM-
X plet* machinery and two oveus, and steam
power. Inquire at 494 Mllwaokc.av.
I'O _lt ENT—OFFICES IN A GOOD WOODEN
budding, suitable for lawyers, real e-state, or in
surance. Apply upon premises. No. 195 West Ban*
dnlph, next to corner of lUUiei).
f po RENT—HOUr-E NO. 562 MICHIGAN-AV.
X with or without faraitorc, in first-rale order;
good iirick v;inlt.
KENT UNFURMSUEB BOOJis ON
1 first floor, wt 1120 Prairie-av.
rpo KENT-A GOOD BASEMENT AM> 27
J. aillwaDkee-av. IR.\ BROWN, Masonic Build
(ng. Boom 6.
TO RENT-StOUE 35S STaTE-sF.. NEAR UAll
rlson, CO feet deep; lease to May I, iS73: suitable
for wholesaler*.
TO KE.ST-OFFIGE 150 I'OLKoT., NKAK JfcF
foraon; lawyer preferrwl; reference required.
■buTltNT—A GOOD BARN. Oil ItUOM IN THE
sams. Apply to T. A, HULL, 60S BuruMde st.
UQB RENT—PROPOSITIONS WILL BE BE
X celved for the fonr-story brick .building, li
rooms, on Fourth-ar., near Ilarriiou-at. Apply at
tho corner of Clark aud Uarrlson-st.. over drug
store.
FOR RENT-/UXIW FOR MERCHANDISING OR
manufacturiiig. suuth-east corner Michigan
sad LnSallo-sts., tunnel entrance. Will purchase
building at end of term or build if desired. Apply
it JU Cottagetfrovo-ar., to HAAFF.
Fob RENT-SECURE WINTER QUARTERS
while you have a chance. Stores on LeAso ana
'‘•ate., at fair rates. No premium wanted of u good
tetinnc. A'ow vacant. Also frost proof basement*
on SUte-st.. suilablo for commhsion. Also cheap
houses and rooms, GEO. U. HESS,- 932 SUte-st.,
from l- to 2. Itesldenco 359 Warren*av.
rno rent-second and third floors and
X ba**tn«ut, suitable for any wholesale uvvthan-
Jho, at-ig South Desplain-s-st. A, KIDDER,
r rtl RfcNT-HALF OU THK WUuLg UK A
X store; well situated for offices or other business
purposes. Inquire at 12 est Ulinton-st., up stairi
r P° WENT Oil™ FOITsALE—A BA UN CAPABLF
J- of accommodating twenty horses. Apply at SOO
booth Ualstod-st.
T,° KENT-TO PACKERS—I HAVE A LARGE
X ico housd and store, in fir-urate location, fur
mark.it, on South Side, which I will give long lew
a{ fates. Splendid opportunity.
932State-sf., from 12 to 2, Residence
169 \V»rren-ax.
TOBKHT-OrFICEI IN BBRNAUER’.S,BL»»;K
<3 Wo*! Lakt'Bt., by RUNYAN, A VERY. LOO*
Illb A COMSTOCK, 111 West Wasliingion-st-
T° KENT OR. FOR SALE-CTIKaP-A BLOCK
X of croaad :Mxlv9 feet, with baildings<lx3i« feet,
prtvato railroad switch tunnint; through the build
<»S; also, car scale* and office, situated on tin
•orner of Thirty-slith and Kinksad-sta.. near
Brighton. Inquire of ADAM SMITH, it South
J~flenua-sf.
TO BENT-95 BLUE ISLAND-AV.. SIX NICE
rooms, suitable either for architects’ office, oi
.lotograpiiic gallery. Apply 233 West Poik-sl.
MIS CELIiANE OUS.
SYONEIWIdIIISG A COMPETENT PERSON
fX with a good gang, to dear away debris and sn
nenntend building, c-n find the right man by apply 2
ng toH. J. PETERSON. 739 Fulton st. PP
A iJANj WITH A (JASIi CAPITAL
*X ofvs fJDo to $19,000. wishes to join some ooa who
tins a good business already established, or bad one
-S r ft n4 about to resume it. Address
NORTON. Tribnna office.
A NY PARTIES HAVING PAPERS BELONGING
torred. L. FAKE will confer a faror by leaf
ng them at frit) Michigan.*?.
BATCHELDER A f'BIaCEE BEQUEST ALL
employes who mar remain unpaid—not luvJni;
been foanil—oraoy other parties to whom th«r may
•*s indebted. If there bo any. to present their bills im
mediately for payment at 765 West Waahington-st..
where, aim, they will bo pleased to roceiro what is
tue them from parties indebted. Notice of bij«iness
location in the future wiil be hereafter given
BATCHELDER A FRIbBEE. S
B3IABTIN, OFFICE 72 FOURTEENTO-ST..
couth.ues insurance business, makes proofs o'
mss: also adjusts and effects settlements with insur*
ance compames.
BF. DOWNING a Co., REAL ESTATE ANi
Loans. 5u3 Wabash nr. Out of the ruins:
ready for business, and plenty of pluck.
Divorces legally obtained wituodi
newspaper report. NEWELL PRATT, Alter
ney in tho State and United Stales Courts. U2l Wa
bash-ar.
Divorces legally obtained fob de
sortion, crnelty, Ac: Fee after decree. Eigh'
rears’ experience. Address Post Office 1037.
r\BUG STORE WITH HOUSE AND LOT FOU
sale- Terms cash or part. Inquire \V. B.
rnbune Office.
T EISENSTAEDT—NECKTIKS, READY FOL
biuinen. l; 4 West Handolph»3t,
T EAVE ORDERS FOR HOUSE AND FRESCO
Xt painting utl 86 West Rnnrtolph-st. till fnrlhet
notice. O H. ADIX, Fresco Painter.
NOTICE— ILLINOIS MANUFACTURING COM-
Pany of Adrian. Michigan. JOHN S. BUESv
Bit, Agent, office 11 East Kln^io-st.
PARTJKd HAVING BUILDING!) UK VAOAM
_i? ,s ♦i r or sale leave descriptions will
'•RKD L. FAKE 4 CO. .140 Micblgan.av.
RhMo\AL.-F. IIATUCWaY, REAL EsTAT.
nod Loan Agent, and Asenc of State Mtttua
Lif. Assurance Ca.. ol Worcester. Mas*.. m*y l>
t.iund at .lu. r Slilwaakpe-av., ready to sitto lil
rfends ax usual.
Returned on account of the rkckn
nre. All instruments itufine condition mid war
rutted. JULIUS Q.AUER A C0..37U Michigan av..
formerly 6S Washington sf.
PUMPS. ENGINES. AND MACHINERY
O of all descriptions supplied from Eastern manu
«c turers by telegraphic orders. Office at C. MaSON
t I Q.. tS Carroli-at. L. P. DODGE.
S T ¥rii? J V W :fKIStiNO-SENDORDERS KOI
o DiUhcada, Circulars, Poster*, Handbills, etc.
or for Pamphlets, to |ho Rockford Garotio stean
■fob Printing H«uso, Rockford li|, Orders prnmptli
filled at nnto flro priv*s.’abrt sent by express. Ampl>
facilities. Address ABRAHAM K. SMITH, Pro
pnetor. Rockford. Illinois.
SAVED FROM THE FIRE—A PIANO-ON WA*
bash-av. The owner can bare it by proving pro
derty and paying all expenses. Immiru at lid Ar
chcr-av.
aniE largest and finest furnished
X hoys* In Englewood to exchange f>r improve,
or unimproTcl busloesi property; no incumbrance:
co4t£2t,uoo, A now neat dwelling, near Fuitou-ar..
South side; Price *7,000; easy term*, a fine nov
residence on West 31orjroe»st.. swell front, fnrnished
516.000; long time. -Three houses ou Warren-av. fui
sale, and a tine brick residence on West Washington
st., furnished; price 5U.00U. 11. A. LAWRENO
4 CO., 62 Souty Canal.*:.
rpo EXCHANGE—A VERY FINE FAR.M; FINf
X buildings, and well Blocked, worth *N'.i'oo, fo»
real estate in burnt district. Address B, Trlbuo>
-Ece.
M'O AROULTECTS FULL s*ETTS OF STECIFI-
X cations for sale at the ofßco of tho Atuericai
BuiMit” I!loS**urti Siiigimion St.
W’ANTED-IU I'UuCUAhr. 5i rCr-i i.n
district on stalest. Address J. G. BUoSVN
257 3llchlgan-aV.
VI7ELL RECOMMENDED SALESMEN OF BAR
oaffl Bros., Fergho. Khafinff Jt Co., and Child*
A Co., will please addrrss FECUUEIMER, K.AH*
DLEo 4 CO.. Cincinnati. f>„ for nirnotion.
WANTED— XU t.NUH XUE PitEari.v I Ulic.u»
abouts of Garrett Cullen, age 13, late of For
ter’s Tclesr.ipb College, by his brother. T. J. Culleu.
669 West Madison.st. All Chicago papers copy.
WANTED-TO PUIICHASE-fM) FEET ON WA
bash-av.. in burnt district. Address J. U.
BROWN, 237 Mlchlgm-ar.
WASTED-TO INVEST A FEW THOUSAND
M dollars in cash In a paying business. Address,
stating lull particulars, Box 9, Janesville, Wls.
WANTED-PROPERTi* IN TUB BURNT DIS
trict, worth fiy.ooo to £60,000 U exchange f»i
the best fruit farm iu the State of Micbigao. which
ought to par next year £7,000 to *IO.OOO. lias fin*
house and bare, and all Imprarctuontg aru dm
class. Apply to SNYDER 4 -LEE, 9 South Hal*
sted-at.
XI; ANTED—TO PURCHASE. A LOT BE
It iwoeu State-st. aud Michig.iii-ar, au.
Water and Waaliiuglon-st. CURTISS 4 CARTER
So and S2 West Raodulph-st.
\irANTED—TO LEASE, FOR A TERM Of
M years, 20, 40, or 60 fret on State-st., Wabash o«
Mlcbigan-aTn., betw**c*u Harrison and XVajhiugtun
ata. I.'all nrnddrwM J. E. It.. 11)23 Wnhaab.iiT.
WANTED— TO BUY—WATCHES, JEWKL.KV
diamonds, and other good collaterals. J AMK:
Q. STOREY, 101 South Clinton st.
ANTED—A YOUNG LAWYER uk' SEVERAL
»f years’-xpericnee Is willing to furyiah a Hrst
class library and bis busiucs* in rotupa for w share o.
Ixtalaesi of tutae tlrst.cJass attorney. V.-bc of refer
cnce. Any such wishing to form such Pattac-rehi:
«.(.lr~sa X Z. o«co. 1
WaNTEO-IMMEDIATELY-A WILCOX 4
»r Gibbs Sewing Machine. Mcond-bsnrt. j« good
repair. or c«U ou Jl. S. CARTER A CO
4th floor, corner Jeffwcst-Q and Lake-sts.
WANTED-OLD BRASS AND COPPER. APPLY
to J. S. BltKWtllt, No, i; East Kinkiest.
U7ANTED-2i,000 PRESSED »BICS. ANY
*ANCaStER.*I
VX7ANTED-SUFFERERS BY THE FIRE CAN
sot all kinds of caipcator work done at old
prices*, alio job turning and scroll sawing, at Nu.
4Q booth JeiTi-rsan-st.
ANTRD-TU LEASE FOR A TERM OF
,y. 0 r r 2 to 130 f° et front, on South Wuter-st
*t r CD fL‘?mm V V. b ot een and Madison-’
*l«., for immediate ImproTcnioat. Contracts made
for removing rubbish, and property Bartered in th,
bnrnt district, PIULLiPS CHANDLER UcVi
Estate Agents. £5 West Madison-st. Uia IWA
VyANTED-TO EXCHANGE—A FARM OF I2n
tY aorea, near Btajicn. price, jj,s»o; one cfsji
Cre, .'.S l>nlMiu*a. ml W.oua. prlca to trad,
tor Chicago properly. Address p S, 3iy Cottaa
utovt-at,
VTTANTED—TO EXCHANGE—THE ELEGANT
T grounds on North Clark-st,. north r.f WrlchtV
Groro. with fine bonso. onthouse. Ac., known as th*
alUrkOS place, for property In the burnt *ti«trict, an.:
cite immediate possession. Cal! on ic. FOWLER. I;
Canal-st.
TtT ANTED SUFFERERS BY THE FIRE CAN
onrpcnt«*r w-.rk. job lornioa and scroll
rawing done at old price*, No. 40 Sooth st.
J. T. REED.
WANTED-TO PURCHASE A SMALL MANU
nicttirlaS business worth thn-o or foarchou
sand dullara, now doing flourishing business.
Address G9l» Fulton at., stating particulars, and
where party can be soen.
Ctinn nnn cash to buy real estate
<DXsJ \J, U XI\J inthobttrot district. Apply t*.
MILLER A KIGUON, No. 200 West Bl»dl»on-*t.
MACHTOEKY-
A MBS’ ENGIXE S. PORTABLE 3 TO 40-HORSE
power; Ibteahlng, 8 and 10-horsc; cfrcnlar eaw;
nulls, Fursmon'a grindlnff rollls, corn ehcllers.
belting, etc. EATON, Agent, 70 South
Caaal-st.
nLANDVS' stationary and portable
D engines and aawiuUls, otc., at Ihc old stand,
comer of Canal and Woshlngion-fcU. V. VT. NOR
THROP.
r*att KALB—•‘I ATI NEUY ENGINE 7*i4 FUR
P P10». F. BISIONSON. Erie. Illinois.
»-»olt SALE—A GOOD 3n-H«UISE poWi.lt EN
f* cine, with boiler, pumps. Ac., comfla'o. Apply
to JOHN a. BREWER. No. II E..it K'"-!’"-«t.
T*r a'-JUNTUV. TJUIAUt.B ASB stationary
tlXellciue 4 Udtintf. OIC. Jv-Ctad-haU-l JU-tcUiuiiiy
Vt\ McGHEGUR*2Sce«tU Cau-iUI.
TO RENT—HOUSES.
AVERY DESIRABLE COTTAGE HOUSE
rooms, tor rent, and furniture for
cisrero and plenty of ckset-4. Term* rsrriot
Apply at It 3 Throop it.
COTTAGE FOR RENT AND FUItNITU UR
sale, togathor with carpet*, bed Has. lu-‘*
complete for honjebeociag. Hons- contain* r
basement and water. Heat 523 per month.
diatejpossessloo given. Apply on premise-.
Twenty-sixth-st.
Large and small houses to bent*
for sale. Tw-> soed stores with fcawrsr*!*:?
rent. Prices reasonable. A good furnish"'
on Warren av., for rent; owner, wifi* ami c..»<> L
board with family. M. A. LAWRENCE A CO
S. Canal sr.
fpO BENT—A FIXE LARGE HOUSE
*r- pleasantest part cf Kenosha, opposite th p
x rensiTe<iroands. Ac. Low rent. Aprlvt.y
EAXHBONE CO., 30 aud 33 Sooth Can il-“**
TO RENT-SOUTH CHICAGO HOTEL—A
hotel af Soqth Uhic.trc, I? miles •■■»nfb r
?c. on the Michigan Southern Itallrn.nl and h-"
batch Fort XVt*yn» Riilrovf. Hotel. I rXI
men* in feet inch; I Stories hightlfC fretrr'm
feet d*ep; large barns and livery; 12 trains -a
Uhicago. ParH«« desiring to rent thU lint**!, "t
»o Calumet and Chicago Canal and Dock C.>mp.‘
tV.O Wabash*»T.
rpO RENT—A COMFORTABLE tW'»-<TO
L hou*e in a gm*d location in the We** DWU!
witli complete furnifnvi* for «ale. Possession »«tn
•liately. Apply at 521 Fulton-*:.
rpi> RENT—IH»USE. WI ril FURNITURE. UM
I the Ist of May. MS Indiana-av., com* r °f
Apply on the premises to tiOH’Ai
PRIESTLEY.
TO REST—THE FLEAS ANT COTTAGE 1
W»\»a*h.ftv. ren*. S2Aper month. A*maU lot
'urnituro for sale. Appfy a* above.
7 ELEGXXT 3-STORY AND IMS
tn-nt hotfs-*. rnarblo frnnf. wjrh ill evd-’
Impremmonl*: the hon«e bn i*. room*. »nd f* in
<plemlitl loe**«nn °n the U’»«t Si-le; p
tnnaru. PHIL. F. SCANT, xV. No. tl HuMm
rnnrt. I*>tw*<<u Stat«-*t. and XX’a*in«h*.‘Xv.
rpO RENT—HP SOUTH GREEN-ST.. ERIC
I hon«e, two sfnriee and M«enicnt, 1 room*. Fu
tiftim nearly new. and for mle.
TO KENT-ON PR AIRIB-A V., NBA R TWENTY
ffuirih-st.. Urge dwelling, modern cnnv'-ni.-n r.'
l *nmi'l‘*telr fnrnj*hed- Rent. permnnth. Fn*
nl*tir«. ca«h. For particulars address S. V
XV| f,COX. Tribune nflica-
Tjoit KENT-UOTTAGK HOUSE, 412 RKLHKN
ar.. north si-le, with brick bi«emenf, .1
l»rca closet* Water and gn« In house. Rarn f.i
•anhuTuM, tnqnlreon fremls..^.
FOR RKNT-A FIRST.ULXS.S mtHTv IDT*;:
10 room*, with carriage hoij.,» md atabli* f»r f'ur*
'•or***: enn.l r«i«ar. ete.: p*r ■Xn.drr*
HATIIEWAY. Jw». 7 Milwanfe..
■COII RENT-NEAT KltAMV.~l'»*V •1 v
r rnom-i. p-artlv furni«he«L etc..
■’an-st., between Madison and M«w v, v
LEE. Real Estate Agents. No. 9 J u* IL;’•.
corner of Randolph. Masonic RuiM> i.
F~OU RENT^riOUSiT"t»FFOit'B' Lxlu v
in good or</cr, wfth b*«em<"r: r-rr
month; aNint 3?M worth of f«rn turf r.
Vo. O'i IVpuvster *t.
IJOU IUIKT- FITR.V Ir'UE l» Ulftt
gan-ar. I will rent m» r -i?--
Mfehiean-ar.,. mostly furnished, t ,t 1
«nd hoard on account of pent; ho ,r> 1-
basement and three *tors»«: all x,.'.
•uenta; it room*, beside*
non intmedtately. Kefereuces ro-j s'-
in*, at inrftfHcc.LoTT Mfchfganmr. ft, V c;. 7
F~ OU RENT—A NIOS B-ROOM V*
yard, ti*ar street earn, and
'nrnitnr* for sala. Rant 92'-. S9.\ Kn
FllK KKST-HOUSB. FLnNi'! i;u
furnished, small cottages, «ui;<. „v
n all par ta nf the cite. AJ*». *t*r; x
st. south of Fourteenth. capable ofl h u
or’more. Partii-a desirous of rent:->» v•••
elUns vil! do well to call at my i*
mbntros property in all pirtarf
n. KERFOOT. 60 East Washing j »r
District.”
O~ RENT—BUILDING 3n*6o, V'"
power. Inquire at iNJllhrini. A v
*PO RENT WABASH. AV.-Ko Ji-j
1. purpose*. offices, banks, eta..
basement brick house, No. r.73Wa
OER&LER. Real Estate Agent*. <h"
=tril-st.. corner of Randolph. THasani nil‘mi-
TO BENT DREXEL-A V. —N* r
house of 9 rooms, uni lot
nnar Eintn-av rent $lO p-*r nw
t LKE. Beal Estate A cents. No. aSo jj
orncr of Unnflolob. Mnsonio BniMir
FOR uent-or SALE-TWO oV -H:; f
built hons-s In Cottage Grove. nr,- Hi?
'Rh all modern improvements. J. 'I
Oong*aa Hon*o,
F«»R RKNT-A NEW li* BOOM 151;'
barn; water in kitchen; rent |v r- r m
.arnitnre for sale, 31,3*1; old pric-,
VittaceGrove.aT.. rifr limita.
f po RKST-OSE LARGE FURNISHED Hr
,L on West Wiuditngtnn-st.. and on
-outn Creen-at.. all fUrnnhoit roar;*;--
be«« ran bo rented till May t. and dvi 'can
•rhny the fnrnltnr*. Address E. N. 1 V w
•»H<hingtmi-«{ Boom 3.
PQ, KENT—MABBLK KKO.VT r V
I union Park; about wwliici fd-niti-r
•alp. IBA BUOWN. Slasonln Buillinr. IJfirin
FOR HBXT—FUIISISHKU |i, 7.. V, ii
on Noutli Side, 2blocks from strict .rt »-i i
Mocks from Illinois Central Bailroa'-
mmedlstely. No boarding hon-o
>lr. Andress CUABLEd MARTIN, cat•> Smsh t
Nixon.
l?OR RKNT-HOU.HE AND FURNI'I i/i;
I Thlrty-flrst-st., between Wabash a.w Ml-zh- i
Oit RENT—37O FULTON-bT.. S l 'i:-'
nlshed for housekeeping to a family witli-ut .-'lll

TO BEST—IN EVANSTON. FOfT \‘El:
month, until May 1, tho entlro firu :l
rooms) and basement (cellar, wash rourv. ~mi -.v 1
dtedlof auel'tga'tt brick rssidenee; hard a*i I >rr
rater In house; nlnedaily trains to *vi hone;;,
are U cants. Bespan*ihle parties on v au-lt n
'muse, two blocks south of Congregational O.nr-ij*
llnman-ar., Evanston.
T°KENTr*AT 827 PUAIRIE-AV..U Td OMS. ALT*
L modern Improrrments, fumishod or infurnish-d
\pply between 2 and 4 o’clock p. id.
TO RENT-A FINELY FUBNISIIEP tioU;
Eranaton. Immediate poaiessma L-iven.
0 R. FOWLER, Boom I, II South Canr.l-st.
TO RENT—FINE RESIDENCE AT S'O* V
annum, near Onion Park. HERBERT Au I
■.9State-«t. v
FOR RENT OR SALK-STYLISH BRICK ;’i’
donee finely furnished, between 3l J 'i; »-v
Vahaah&rs. PriceoffurnltqroSl.lOO T rr.’.ei-«
J ill early at Sh Twenty.oishth-st.
FOR RENT-HOUSE AND LOT. NO. w. yj\S.
roe st., west of Leavitt, 7 room*. e'-it!i iinf'!-
nf-at.. Price. *4.000; 51,30U cash, bal-ncfi i.- 5
yrata, with seml-annoal iniorojt Ur r
eor farther.Particulars Inquire at Ss'l Wa-rya'-aV.'
TornerofOakl-y, Immcdiato posio*s||jn ci'Oii,
A All lnipruvpmoi,c«. itva 1
Ipply to P. A. Hall. 503 Darnsida stf
For rent-a furnished s-story u'.'--v
of eleven rooms, large ground, b.rr- V-->-
ern and hydrant-water. Call on pre<ni<»s v
lacksoo-st., cor. Seeley. Bent, $1,003 p. c
B»AEMSO iiOUSK. C
L Hotel, also. 2 Bifliinl Tablw foraalo cheap: v«
_ largo store and basemen; to rent. Rent rca<.> tl.
nquire.nt J. LAUNDER 1 ©or. Douglas pL»-o ,»n-.
nUago Grove ar,
TO RENT-A VERY NICELY FURSt.-’HBS
L house uf nine roams; hot water, buh room.
V closet, etc.; SUM a month to a good tenaa:;
•«2 ltjdiana*av.. near Twenty-third*st.
I’G BENT-IIOBSES-FUISNISIIRD AND UN
A furnished, on South Sid'* and Wo*t Sid?, and n‘
lyde Park. FRANCIS W. CORBY, r-jal e<a;
igout, 359 Stato*st.
TO RENT—MARBLE FRONT. TWQ STORy VM>
basomentlmuse, with stable, No. rh» Sonth S i-;,
nraon-st. Part or wholo of furniture tor
vpply at house.
rO RENT-HOUSE, AND FUBNUUBM F*>«
sale. No. 294 Walaut-Bt., between L'-aritt mi
lakley-sts.; nix rooms, closets and kitchen;
omely funii*hed, and everything in perf «rd-.-.
VTU sell all orpart for cash. Inquire on prex.-
res.
For rf.st-a cottage house, furmsfied,
suitable for u small family, lumt yjj
nonth. 4l3Balwrfle|dst. _
'PO KENT-THREE NEW COTTAGE* P'lZ'.P
.*r»r^°. Slat< Dear Fifty-flrsf at. Apniv- to
•V R1GHT.,6,5 N\ abash ar., cor. llth st.
DOR RENT—HOUSE M-* INDIANA AY
L busincag. Inquire ou the premise*.
naO RENT—BY T. S. FITCH 4 CO. vn
1 Death irn-st. Branch ofnce*v*i c&i*
•.szeOrove-ay.. corner Thirlv.fin«i-sl. 1
2 houses on KIIIb-at*. near Thirty*f„urth-Bt
2 houses on Wahpanßeh-av.. near Ellls-av
House and barn on West Unbbard-'t ne-v*
2 houses on Ellls-av., near Thlrty-rtftfc'-g:
Brick home on Wabash-av.. near Forty-rt--.
House on Prairie-nr., n-ar Forty-aiclifhA
2 new cotlaavs on Flourney-at., near
Cottsge on Fulton-*f.. near Western, v
CO RENT-A FURNI-HIIED COTTAf/B oV
timm, »t So. »1 Jnnti.Mllw. loj'sv.‘->'
uonth until May 1. This is a raro chatty \„.,i
he house.
•pO RENT-A RARE CHANCiC-AA WaL'VSH
»•»•*front.flac marblofront. 'r„ H r ,i
riwl brick barn, la the very heart ofth* h-i-./i
?BoT D "TA'&\[£ x a
T° KK V 7 *3* THREB-MTORY -H ARn i.
L front house on Ca’amet-ar.. betw*-. Twer,*-.-.
-•oond*Rt. and
•(See of HAWES 4 L A WHENCE. 3iS St»f --vt
T«0 RENT-OR FORSALB-LAROE ANVSM t U
QUEEN, tu cn-. taav.’.-
’hiladelpbla.
TO RENT-ROOMS,
Desirable furnished frost r.-‘ 'i-
suite of rooms. lighted xyfll* g;is «n<;
-ruer with uso ofbath-rocm, may bo ha l .■Nrs t»
•arpenter-at.
FOR RENT—DESIRABLE ROOMS SU! XRI.E
f<>r nhusoKeering. Inquire at No. t 1»;
*“T&nth*at„ corner Lako-ar.
TO RENT—AND FOR SALE, i "‘‘MS,
houses, and offices. BLANCHARD I'., .'TH
SR3, Real Estate and Loan Brokers, ti'JT Si-
T O ,l ti Nl^;NICeLX FUBNISiIED Ho
569 West Monroe-lit.
j?°ll RENT-A MCE FURNISHED p~
with hpdrooTTi, for two
JU3 U«»t Ta*lnr-st.. no.tr Bin* Islnnd-a/
P 0 ?-l l ST 7 TWo FRo t KOOJIS. "iv
v at 73 Wnt Lake-at.
POU RENT— E|*EG ANtLY FURNISHED I I NT
k D«r/«r, Btntab:» for some neat busi.w, r.
■>e«t \>aahingtnn.gt.
P' ,R I v KS^”Tmi FURNISHED UUOSP Tu
*7 P*P «!ntr!o couth-men In ;r.
1 T 0 KENT—SITTING UOUM A>u IV..V Ur.i‘-
r:>nm». Apply at 276 West H.irrD-'n-sf.
•UOlt RENT-FREE, PtlUlC UlH>.Ur Tl?, T s
10. IS7I, to the pnrty who will buy -r -.rti.
•urnitora for SIOU; possession ciruMi ’turn J.»
tpply to-day at 42$ West Twolflh-st.. r..-.r Tt..
M-tnd-ar. street c-tr«.
L’UR REM—FRONT pAltLOit FUR ul’.-li.
1 al«n furnished chambers. ri'ii pr tiri*. ir
*pO RENT-THREE VERY DESIRABLE Rl?o*.l*.
i. 16 Bishop-conrf, with or without bo ml.
rO RENT—FURNISHED AT 3'M WRsT i.\-J
son*st. Inquire At housa.
a'o bknt-with or without uo.-.n--
X fine large pirjor and bed row mri.:.
iue location, near Union P-*rtt. i:
Randolph-st., upstairs. LOUIa, Lt-Oip.v tJ
rl> RENT—THREE NICE FRONT ROOM:* *.T
245 Foqrt«»-«t. Apple on promlv*.
TDTANCIAL.
MONBYTO LUVN IN SUMS FRU2I«M,i.-(i T‘>
f:bo.lV)0 on satisfactory real f«tAte m
anil 1(1 per cent. CHAS. B. id. j \v»-
buh-ar.
'iiUNNICLIFF, LOAN BROKER, OFFItE, \V
X Jack-on "t. _
xnn CASH TO INVEST IN GOOD Ti»Vi
noM. by a lire business nm.
..itiing bmdnein. PORT Kit. 527 Stato-et.
Ctfi n/»n To ft*."® cask To In VI S is V
«IDO,VVFC/ paying business. Ador.-ss It I.; u,
frihnn-
TO ItEASE.
Fan lease-caxal.st.. 40 by i.u ee.-.:* r
Csnal-st.. betweon Adams mm J>,ckH.i i r..
groondr* nl, SNYDER* LKK, R.al Ji,t» e Ac
No. 98. ITalsted, and cor of 3lonrue and I. i;t [i
TD LEASE—SOUTUWE-T CORNER o;' ri
Xt-*n iiql Adams, UiOxs.*. 1 *t; cellard.u' .mu
arsica: vas and Witittr connecltoos campl,-:o .1 1
to»tDKS, irew Wftbi<h-«v.
r Pt» La.tsr, r.-i'.i u,\
Xjnst north of Twelfth, to L« rcnfetl fjr
nr a mm, entim or in t.> T. ,r
C«hin>"l«»e *6} Ml-*.*-.
rji.» LE.An E— t“x i>o F r v,
X 45i:>al-st., .Ad-uiM and J. r
SN> DKR x LEE, Real E*ia:c Ai’t-nis
UaUVtd-5t.,c-tayroi MaJJO; it'
si.

======== CHICAGO TRIBUNE 1871-10-18 page 4 | https://www.loc.gov/resource/sn82014064/1871-10-18/ed-1/?sp=4 | fetched 2026-09-14T06:01:53Z ========

FINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL.
FCVAKCIAXi MATTERS.
KE-OPKKING OP THE BAKES.
So important an event aatbo rcopeningof (he
banks <»f Chicago for the transaction of business
in the usual manner, after a complete suspen
sion for nine days, could nnt fail to excite Ihe
most intense interest in the business community.
It cannot bo denied that it was a critical
moment when the banks opened the doors of
their temporary offices, yesterday morning, and
said to their customers that they were pre
pared to pay checks and receive deposits as
usual. The most of the banks had only
recovered their money and books from their
vaults in the smoking ruins on Sunday, and it
was only by working all of both Sunday nnd
Monday nights, that the tellers and bookkeep
ers of the majority of the banks were enabled to
begin business on Tuesday morning. Two or
three of the National Banks, nnd several of the
private banks, viz.; Traders’ National, Corn
Exchange National, A. C. kO. F- Badger, and
others, had in fact been delayed in getting
their offices arranged, nnd were able to do
but little more thau to pay small checks
and answerquestions. It is presumed, however,
that these will be prepared for business to-day.
October 18-
The point of most interest was, of ciurse, to
see bow d_epoeiturs felt about checking out their
money, xn this respect it was evident that no
bod}'felt alarmed about the solvency of tbo
banks. Those banks which threw open their doors
and said to all depositors that they were prepar
ed to pay all, received more money on deposit
than they paid« ut. The Union.thc First, tbo Mer
chants’, tbo Fifth, the Tnird.tuo Northwestern—
in short, all tbo leading banks that were fully
prepared to do business on yesterday morning,
received on an average twice as much money on
deposit as they paid-out on checks. Large num
bers of country bankers who have deposits in the
National Banks ol this city were in town yester
day, not to draw out money, but to assure th°
banka here of their confidence and offer their
assistance. At the invitation of L. J. Gage, the
Cashier of the First National Bank, of
this city, a dozen of its country bank customers
examined its condition, and passed a set of com
plimentary resolutions expressing their convic
tion of its entire soundness, and commending it
lo the public. At other banks depositors botu
Irom the country and city came in to assure the
bankers of their confidence aad promise their
support. To make a long story short, the open
ing of the banks was cs auspicious in every re
spect as could possibly havo been anticipated
under the circumstances.
At the Savings Banks it was thought there
might be something ol a run by small depositors.
In this respect, howcver.fxpcctnlion was entire
ly disappointed. At the Slate Savings Institu
tion, 591 Wabash, there were never more than five
or six depositors present at one time._ and there
was just about as much money deposited as was
drawn out. At the Merchants’, Farmer* and
Mechanics’Savings Ban k.nowlocated at 64 South
Halsted street, only S3.CKH3 had been chicked
out up to half-past 1 o’clock, and in the after
noon there was about as much money deposited
as there was drawn cut. The effect ot tho wno*c
of yesterday’s business was to reassure every
body in regard to the banks, and to put c*>nu
dence into the bankers in regard to the aisp wi
lion of their depositors. It is well u £deretooa
that the National Banks will help, each olhtr in
case ol any emergency, o fact which g -os a long
way toward establishing confidence in tho*c in
stitutions.
The feeling of country bankers in regarJ to
the banks ot this city is shown by tho following
telegram from Hon. J. B. Grtnnell. of l o 3 I^*^
came to Chicago on the news of the lire to look
after the Union National Bank:
•'Chicago, Oct.L.
“To dins. JJ. Spencer, First National JianL\
(irinneU, loira _
Union National Bank of Chicago going op a.
usua!. and abundantly strong to u.Cjt ait on-■
cagt':u<n(£. Draw and send afi usual. Cool*
Laugh end Wheeler in good cheer.
J. B. Geikxeli..
The Third National Bank paid checks over the
counter, yesterday, to the amount of about
SlU'.iOO, and received deposits over the counter
to tho amount ol $402,000.
N< w Fork York exchange was taken at tue
Larks to-day at \i of J per cent discount.
HAKE LOCATIONS.
A hundred men ere at work rebuilding the
block 200 feet front on the corner of Market and
Madison streets. The Union National Bank
will be moved there a# soon as the block is com
pleted.
Gri-encbaum k Foreman arc -ot 449 Vabash
avenue. The money end papers in their vaults
were all saved.
A, C. k 0. F. Badger are at TOG Wabash avenue.
.1. 31. Adsit is at 422 Wabash avenue.
Germania Bank. 17 Milwaukee avenue.
Fccond National Bank. -447 Wabash avenue.
NEW yor.K STOCK AND BOND iIAEKET.
The billowing were telegraphic quotations on
yetiordey, Oct. 17:
rnist ntur.n.
X.Y. Central S7K Eric 2T!4
Reading —104J4 Sixes. IbSl 116*-$
lii ck ijlami. OGIu s*2os, ISG2 —-11454
2-licnicanSouthcm 945+ 5-20s, ISLio 11454
IVciuo 4454 5-20s. ISG7. 11254
St. Paul 54 l 5-20s, new U2%
W. Un 57?6 o-20s 3SOS 113*<
O.Jr.M SCJ4 10.42s 109?|
Wabash 54?+ I Currency Gs 11l
Union Pacific —54 I Gold, 113?$
closikg miens.
I\i.r*.iiTrf-stcni—.... 5354 I Pacific 42?^
K W i<fd S4?+ I W Unioc 5634
lU.cJ: Island 95?+ I IViF 51
St. Paul 52?+ I Pittsburgh .......114
IVabash I Mich Central 11454
Alton 112 1 Erie 27
Ohio ic Mi-s -35 I Harlem ......12054
Mich Southern 93 J Reading ...104
Union Pacific —54 1 Port Wayne 95-K
K V Central S’ijfi 1 Gold 113?4
LATEST.
W Union Xu% I N W
Pacific 4454 a 42?+ I R I
Eric 2754 I S*. Paul
Harlem 120 I Wabash.
Lake Shore... 945+ a 93?+ I St. J0....
UP I Gold
PilUhttigb 115 j
ECAL ESTATE.
We hear of mere money coming from abroad
and being offered by-real estate agents for busi
ness property in the burnt district.” It is now
quite probable t* at If reasonable prices can bo
agreed upon, at least $2,003,000 of capital from
other places trill be invested in that kind of
{property at once. An offer of SIB,OOO rras made
ito-dny for a centrally located lotonEsst Lake
vtreet, which was held at $25.000 before the fire.
‘-Cbta would be n reduction 0f3354 per cent, and it
b prcbablo that sales will begin at s teething
Hike this reduction on former values.
LATEST.
Kew Yock. Oct. 17.—Gold dull and weak at
Loans irom 1 to 6 per cent lor car
’ryiug.and one small lot 5 per cent fur use.
Clearings abouttss3.ouo.ooo
bonds feverish and unsettled, be
ing weak and steady by turns- At close the mar
ket was dull and steady.
Slocks opened steady, but on call commenced
to decline, and sold down from 1 103>2 per cent.
The decline extended through the enure list and
the lowest prices were made at the close. The
stringency in the money market, and the im
pression that some heavy bouses bad unloaded
stocks, assisted the decline. The depression in
.New York Central and Harlem was caused by
tho announcement that 10,000 shares of common
stock will he sold on exchange on Friday next.
Tiie market closed weak.
The demand lor money on call was very sharp
and the market more stringent than
yesterday. Prime borrowers wetc accommoda
ted at 7 per cent currency to gold interest
on governments as collaterals. Borrowers, other
than the very best houses, paid dear rales for
money in the shape c: having theirs tucks turned
or carried over until lo morrow. These rates
ranged Irom 1-1(5 to J4 per cent. It is esti
mated that SS.oCW.OOO currency was shipped to
Chicago yesterday and to day. The Express
e«y b there is great anxiety in financial and com
mercial circles to bear from the Chicago banks.
If thepeopie of Chicago are inspired with confi
dence. end leave their balances on deposit, then
—undoubtedly a more cher.rfol feeling will pre
rail here: but if there should bo a run on the
banks it might aggravate the situation here.
A Montreal telegram says that the Bank of
Montreal i? about lo establish au Agency in Chi
cago.
f?tate bond' dull and unchangad.
COMMERCIAL.
.Tuesday Evening, Oct. 17-
Busincr? was active to-day, under the circum
rtanccs. The opening ot the banks ro-estabUsb
>d confidence, and many who bad hitherto care-
I’uliy hoarded the little saved from the fire were
aow willing to use it, ns they saw reason to be
lieve that it would soon bo replaced. The whole
r*t£ merchants were generally busy in fixing up.
but the few who were ready to trade had all they
could attend to, though the orders were small,
tn produce circles the movement was fair, bnt
many operators were engaged in looking up their
Lank accounts, anxious to know the exact basis
on which they coni J do business hereafter.
The dealers in grain made numerous settle
ments. principally upon the basis established by
the committee appointed for that purpose. The
scale of prices was published in oar issue of this
morning, viz-: Wheat, seller the month, S1.18J&;
do last half. sJ.l9K:doeellcrKovcmber, §1.20; du
seller the year, Sl.lS;*. Corn, seller tbc month,
46?5c: *l° teller Inst half, 45?4c; do scllerNtivein
ber, 40c: do seller the year. 44?£<*. Oats, seller
the month. 33c: do seller la«t half,3ojfc: do seller
November. 31c. Bye, 65c. Birley, 58jf-c;do sell
er last half, 50c.
Jt was estimated that fully Iwo-thtrds ox the
./Ptioas outstanding in grain were settled to-day,
and n great many checks given In payment. Of
course many of the differences were left unpaid,
and tnanr ethers were closed out by a transfer
of liabilities, this leaving the outstanding differ
ences between vefirfow parties, and giving but
little for tho committee to do in .equalizing
claims. Two or three operators were buying
grain to ship, the general being lo
easier prices, as several of tho grain-holders
wanted to realize, so as to bo able to use the
money in preparing to do business in the future.
On the contrary, options for 'future delivery
were generally firmer, several large orders be
:ngsent hero to buy lor outside parties, who an
ticipate a reaction from the recent dulne??.
The grain movement js looking up. Tho sub
lotncd statement sbo'ws that the amount of
t-rain sent out j.Tlcrdiiy js not n bad uyeroso
uonnlitv for each day of lha cot.ro rear:
The following grain has-been inspected into
efTreuo to 10 o'clock this morning; 24j cars
v o.f rS carß corn: 13.7 m bn No. do; 50 oars
Into- 7 1)11 N T n- 2 do: 5 cars rye: K cars bar
ico Total<«l «rs) 191.0 M b?- Of this amount
Iho Illinois Central bp»?bt in 101 curs wb.at;
cars corn, and 13 cars «--rle>.
Th? shipments were: 43i bn, IfPFwCs
St •'ibaNo. 2 spring: 341 bu >72. J spring.33/
bu“ rejected spring: Suit La No.rvu winter:
1 nns hu V-'. 2 red winter; 10i.344 uu corn. 2,.U<
im rejected do: 49,373 bu K0.2 oats: 6SI ba re
acted oats; 1.924 bu No. 1 rvc: 29,433 bu No. 2
J-ye: 5.102 bu No. 2 barley; 436 bu Nc. 3 barley.
probable that the difficulty be
tween the body of the Board uf Trade and its
one wing will be amicably fettled by the build"
ing ofawigwam near the cast end of the Wash
ington street tunnel, to be occupied till the
new Chamber of Commerce is ready to use.
It is much to bo desired that all should get
together again as soon as possible. It is not
easy to keep intelligent track of both, and any
transaction in the one is sure to be unfavorably
compared with the other, by one party to the
,r i?ißtwimi were Quite active at yesterday’s de
iliac sales were reported of 000 brls nt 91c.
Lake freights were active, but easier. A total ef
sixteen grain charters was reported, on the basis
l‘iJ 3= f o r c b b r o ug. ta .S!fe
£d%J?» b £3B-
C,>rn urns taken lo l, chnVtcml to-day
willTnSo outliO-OMba wheat, 1C3.5W bu corn.
authority has civrn it as ancpioion th:at the ac
ceptance by a majority of iha board of the ac
tion of the Coosnittee on Settlements has made
that action legal. _
Provisions were quiet and a shaao easier,
owing to weakness in No w 1 ork. A t Standard
HnU mens pork was quoted at $13.00 cash, and
‘l3 ~5 seller January. Lard was anil, hold at
i>Viz for cash or seller January, with not more
thou (i- bid at the close. Meats were irregular.
Shoulders were firmly bold at 6c, being reported
lobcingood demand l»r shipment. Short ribs
quoted vutder at GJ-jc; short clear nominal at
7c. Boxc<i meats lb more than the above.
Mess beef S'.t.OO. Tallow Sales were re
ported of f>u tes loose lard at SJfc; 100,000 lbs
riinrt ribs on private terms; 200 lbs tallow atßc.
Flour was icatuvc, in the general market,
though liberal salet were mad; by locjl dealers,
mostly at previous price?.
Wheat was aod easier, in sympathy
•.rith ndoll.Xcw York market. Most of the
racing was in .settlement, at the prices noted
;-elow, and it L impos-iblu to report cash sales
•jrrcetly or new deals, as they were inextricably
-uised up with settlement*. Munn. Norton Sc
icolt bought all thostrictly fresh receipts of No.
2 Spring offered in their houses nt $1.19. Sev
eral talcs were also made «t seller
the monib, closing at the outside. Seller No-
Tcmbcr sold atsl.aei.2lk*- •n^hJ'rirade?
1.21. KotUina was reported l s n ‘"j on
Corn was active, both on bl nf v?
shipping account. Two or three
2 were bought at 46>5ffi46%c t prinv ‘P* ll M he
luridc. The market closed steady. t
Oats wsre quiet and steady at3oc
cash or seller the month. A car lot was *>y
sample at 33c.
Ilyo was entirely nominal at Gsc.
B;«rlfy was quiet. A few car lots of No. so.a
at 56c, but the salt-s were not reported.-
There was nothing doing of consequence at
Standard Hall to-day.
The Daily Marled.
BUTTER—This market remains without im
portant change. There is a steady, 1 air demand
from local customers, nnd some inquiry for tub
and firkin lots for shipment t Lako,Supenor
and the lumber country, but tho arrivals con
tinue liberal, and all orders aro promptly filled
at former prices, or at 18025 c lor common to
choice.
BAGGING—Tbo bagging market is still some
what unsettled, but our dealers -will soon be in
shape to fill all orders, and on npfavojrablo terms
as before the fire. The stocks aro being rapidly
augmented and prices may bo quoted steady at
36142 for Stark, SGc for Ontario, 35c for Lewiston.
32c’for American, 21@22c for burlaps, and at 160
2Sc for gunnies. _
BUILDING MATERIALS—There is unite an
active demand for building materials, but tho
market is pretty well supplied, and .prices aro
comparatively steady. Wo quote: Lime, Sl.OO;
cement. 750; stucco, §2.50.
CHEESE—There was no change in tho condi
tion of the market. There was considerable in*
quirybolhoa local and interior accounts, but
the supply is sufficient to meet the wants of the
trade, and orders were filled at unchanged
prices, or at 1401Gc f.*r ordinary to prime lac
°CoAL—Tfiero was less activity in tho demand
for this article, as consumers havo become con
vinced that there will bo no advance in
Tho stocks ara beingstcadily augmented both by
lake and by rail, and the market may be quoted
steady at $9.00 for Lackawanna; sS.dO .for -brio
ami Walnut Hill, and at $5.50 for Uilmmgton.
EGGS-Are plenty and lower. There was a
moderate demand and free sellers at —'js-oc
the outside for fresh in small packages.
FRUlTS—Prices for goods cmicg uuucr this
head underwent no important change. A ITV~
aro comina forward freely, and nadir a l.eht
demand are slow .-alo at t2.0333.03 per brl. C-riin
berries ara in lightsupply. nut the demand is
a,,,nit And nrlct'S arc no more than sustained at
55.50@10.09 for wild, nnd at $11.00014.00 tor culti
vated. Grapes arc plenty and remain dull at
$1.5002.00 per ease—the inside quotation for
Concord, and the outside for Catawba aad Dela
ware. There was some inquiry for lemon., and
sales were rendered nt ;9.00 per box. In dried
fruits there was little doing, bmall sales wore
reported at $3.25 per bos for raisins; 24c for
u**rcd peaches, end at 3oc for pitted cherries.
FISH— Tho leading dealers are again located,
and prepared to fill city and country ordersint
little or no advance on former quotations, iao
stocks, though at present light, are being rapid
ly increased, ami before tho close t tho present
.week business in this department will be run
ning along ns of old.
GROCERIES— A moderate local and interior
demand exists for groceries, and orders aro being
filled as rapidly r.s possible. Prices have under
gone no very important change, there being n
slight advance in coffees, syrup?, and teas. All
side articles aro selling at about former rates.
UAY--Thcro was only a limited movement in
this commodity, and values were, nominally un
changed. A few small lots were taken for Lake
Superior and the lumber regions, but tbo chief
inquiry came from local customers. Tho offer
ings were ample, at $13.00®14 00 for pressed tim
othy; $9.0C(511.00 for prairie; and at ;5.02@13.08
for loose descriptions on wagons.
HIDES—Were inquired for to a fair extent,
both on local and Eastern account, ami tho low
coming in aro readily disposed of at full previ
ous rates, sales making at for heavy green
cured, and at llj£c for light do. Tho marketer
dry stock is nominal.
LEATHER—SmaII orders arc being received
and filled at substantially tho prices current be
fore the fire. There is a plenty of stock entroute
and our dealers will soon bo prepared to fill all
orders promptly and satisfactorily. The num
ber of tanneries destroyed by tbo late hro was
four, involving an aggregate loss of about
5100,090. Among the number was that of Grey.
Marshall k Co., ibe only role leather tannery in
the city. Elies Co., nnd iioch k Grenier on
tho North Branch, nnd tho Hide and Leather
Company on the South Branch, were tho others.
NAlLS—Continue in active demand, and.
owing to an advance of 25c in Pittsburgh, prices
hero were put up to $4.50 rates. The supply is
equal to the demand.
OlLS—Prices for goods ccmlngunder this head
remain without decided change, the only altera
tion being in carbon, which wus quoted easier,
there being sellers at 27c. Lard oil is steady at
90c for extra winter, 75c for N-. 1 current make,
and Gsc for No. 2 do. Whale, linseed and tur
pentine were steady.
POTATOES—The market is liberally supplied,
but there is a good demand, and prices remain
firm at CSSSOc per bu, according to quality.
Sweet potatoes arc dull at ;3.502'4.0G per brl lor
Jersey.
POULTRY AND GAME—Is in abundant sup
ply. at i 2.0003.50 per dozen for chickens; $2,000
2.50 fur prairie chickens; 51.5052.00 for dead
ducks, and at 52.5003.D0 for live do.
VEGETABLES—Tomatoes sold at $1 C 031.50
per bu, and onions at 70@S0c.
WOOL—Remains inactive nnd values are nom
inal.
WOOD—Tho stocks on hand before tho fire
were light, and as a considerable portion of it
has been destroyed tbc market is firm and prices
a shade higher. Wo quote the retail prices dc
livendas lofiow-: Beach $10.00: .Maple 811.00j
Hickory $12.00.
Live Stock Market.
CATTLE—Received to-day. 850; received this
week. 3.010. There was inquiry for
Rood to choice beeves for shipment East, but the
limited offerings of desirable grades restricted
the operations of shippers, aud hardly enough
was accomplished in tho way of sales to establish
anything like reliable quotations. Prices bare
recently advanced at nearly all points East, New
York being quoted higher; the effect of
which was to strengthen tho market hero, though
in the absence of sales values remain nominally
unchanged. There was some inquiry for butch
ers’ stuff to supply the wants of tho city trade,
and for stock steers, the former selling at $2,503
4.00, for inferior-mixed lots to fat cows and
fleshy steers and oxen, and the latter at $2,753
3.50 for common to good stock steers, averag
ing from 700 to 1.000.b5. The market closed
quiot and steady.
SllOGS—Received to-day, 7,500; and since
Saturday. 10,467. There was no perceptible
diminution in tho demand for this class of stock,
both local and Eastern buyers being actively en
gaged: but the liberal receipts, and the p.rospect
that they will continue liberal, an
easier feeling, and a part of tbc advance gained
yesterday was lost, prices receding to $4.25®
4.30 for cinmon light coarse and mixed lots;
$4.3534.45 for medium to'lair, and $4.5004.50 for
good to extra. All sold, and the market closed
steady at the above quotations.
SHEEP—The receipts to-day were 217; mak
ing 90S since Saturday. The supply foil short of
the demand, and prices were firm at $3.5004.25
for common to medium, and at $4.5035 WHor
good to choice. The quality was pour.
54% a
9C!4
h*‘A
x&Vj
...113*4
Chicago Lmuber Market.
Tuesday Evening, oc‘. IT.
CARGOES—The movement in lumber and
shingles continues large, and tho views of hold
ers are firm at former figures, leaving unsold nt
the close of business hours eight cargoes. A
sawed shingles sold quite freely at §3.40 fhr
choice brands. Lath ruled dull, and prices wore
nominal nt $2.50(52.625;- per 1,003 afloat. Tho
following sales were reported;
Cargo schr Mary Nnu. from Green Bay, 1.250
m A shingles at §3.40. Sold by Blanchard. Bor
land Sc C».
Cargo rchr Minnie Corlett, from Pcntwntrr,
750 m A shingles at §3.40. Sold by William Me
glado.
Cargo schr VT. U. Willard, from Oconto. 150 m
ft common strips nnd boards—largely str.ps—at
§15.00. Sold by Irish, Bullcn Sc Co.
Cargo schr Pilgrim, from Muskegon. 140 m ft
boards and strips at 519.0 J. Sold by Blanchard,
Borland Co.
Cargo schr liat-j Howard, from Mu«keg'n,loo
m ft mixed lumber at §16.50. Sold by Blanchard.
Borland Co.
Cargo schr Emma, from White Uaß, lOOmfl
mixed lumber at §16.50. Sold by Blanchard,
Borland Co.
Cargo schr Catch pole,, from Manistee, 100 m ft
joist and scantling ot $16.00. Bold by Blanchard,
Borland Co.
Cargo schr Sea Gem, from Green Bay. 10.0 ra
A shingles nt §3.40. Sold by Blanchard, Borland
Sc Co.
Cargo schr Hubbard, frntn White Lake, 100 m
■ft b mrJs and strips at SIB.OO- Sold by Blanch
ard. Borland A: Co,
.Cargo schr Buena Vista, from White Lik". 120
ni ft strios and boards at §17.25. S-ld by Irish.
Bullon Sc Co.
Cargo schr Australia, from Manistee. 130 ra ft
j -ist and scantling at SIG.CO. Sold by John
Mason Loomis C-*.
Cargo schr Octavio, from Mmistcc, 120 m It
Joist arid scantling at §16.00. Sold by John Ma
son Liomis Sc Co.
Cargo schr Live Oak, from Manistee, 150 m ft:
GO in ft on contract, balance joist and scantling
at §16.00. Sold by John Mason Loomis J: Co.
Cargo schr El Tempo, from Manistee, 40m
selects nt $30.00 for clear; $20.00 for common;
$12.00 f»r culls; balance joist and scantling at
§IO.OO. S ild by John Mason Loomis Co.
AT THE YARDS-
There is no abatement in tbo demand, and a
large burino'S Is being transacted. Prices, how
ever, are rather irregular—a few dealers selling
at our quotations, while others nee effecting
sales nt a higher range of prices. As has been
tho ease for tho past ten days or two week*, the
inquiry is chiefly for c-unmon descriptions, which
are in exceedingly light supply. Wo quote as
follows;
First clear, 1 Inch to2lnch faSO.DO
Second clear, 1 inch to 2 Inch 47.00tfb43.00
Third clear, 1 inch 35.00@07.00
Firn and second clear flooring, toget fa
ct rongh @40.00
Flrbt and second dear siding, together. 23.C0@26.00
Common siding @20.00
Common flooring, dropped, Aral <^05.00
Common flooring, dreaeed, second 25.00@27.00
Wagon-box: hoards, selected, 1C Inches
and upwards.. 33.03@40.00
A stock boards 30.00@35.00
B.£tock boards/.? 23.00@25.00
Common boards, joists, scantling,
email timber, &c., 16 feet and under. 17.00@18.00
Fencing 17.00@18.00
Joists and scantling, 16@24feet 15.00@25.00
Pickets, square 16.00@17.00
Pickets, flat @15.00
Clear posts, split 16.00@18.00
Clear posts, ronnd.. 20.00@22.00
Lath i 2.50@ 3.00
Sawed shingles, No. 1 1.25@ 2.75
Sawed shingles, A or star 3.75@ 4.00
HARD WOOD—
Walnut Ist per M §75.00
.2d 50.00
Culls 25.00
Cherry Ist nad 2d per M 40.00
Hickory Blank ,50.00
Ash 35.00
Oak Clear 35.00
Oak Common 20.00
White Wood, Clear 35.00
Com 20.00
Butternut M 40.00(360.00
Hickory Axles, per Sat LSO
Bass Wood per M 15.00^80.00
Maple 15.00®30.00
OS TRACK.
The arrivals to-day were small, and only a fair
amount of trading was dona. Prices were firm
as follows:
A, or star sawed 53.5053.G2J4
1 sawed...... 1.50@2.00
BinxcLrs.—Five shingles or two inches in
thickness. Length—Sixteen inches, Throodol
lars per car to bo added when translcrred, which
follows the shingles-
NIAIII37E IMTEIXIGENCE.
Tho fcbooner Pandora, on Monday, picked up
n yawl boat off Milwaukee, nod tho schooucr
Dundee, on the same day, passed through largo
.quantities of lumber, shingles, and several
vessel hatches below Milwaukee.
—The schooner Mageio Thompson, loaded with
corn Irom Chicago to Buffalo, is reported ashore
nt Prince Albert, Lake Huron, She is owned by
Chicago parties.
—The schooner Petrel is ashore north oi Mus
kegon. .She is light, end also owned by parties
in this city,
—the name of the seaman saved from tbo
schooner Levant was Thornnra. The Levant
was owned by a Mr. Owen, of this city.
—The water in the river yesterday was lower
than for several days Past, and quite a' number
of vessels and propellers grounded in proceeding
—ThcmrriVals from tbc lower lakes, yesterday..
were larger than nt any time since the first oj
October. A largo number of lumber hookers al
so entered tbc horbor.
—The wind yesterday blew quite fresh from
tbo north-northwest-
Tho jam in the South Branch yesterday re
tarded navigation considerably, as well sis de
laying vessels nt tbo outer pier.
The bark F, Morrell, which was dismantled
on this lake a few days since, is supposed to have
collided with the schooner J. Bigler, which is
now at Milwaukee, minus her cabin, besides
being otherwise deranged.
The bark D. C. Window owned by Captain
Payment and E. W. Hudson, Esq., of Detroit,
and loaded with lumber for Chicago, was
wrecked off Point Betsey, on the east shore, on
Sunday morning, attended with the loss of three
lives. The survivors wore picked up by the
propeller Annie L. Craig. The Winslow rated
A 2. The cargo in the bold is safe, but the deck
load is lost.
—Tho scow Swallow, ofr Milwaukee. wa'j
wrecked at Grim’s Pier, on Thursday last. oy
running upon her anchor. She is a total lo je
—An unknown vessel was seen ancho* ei T* o {f
Cmp Hirer with jib and mainsail gone a *ud an
other ashore ot Carp River. No was
at hand.
—A despatch from Kingston dated October
lu, reports a heavy gale ther* on Sunday, lasting
all day. The steamers O'.j nt biao. Enterprise.
Dominion, and America, were obliged to Jay over
in consequence, Anu mber of vessels are ashore
in tho neighborhood.
—The schooner I’olpbin, wood laden, collided
with an unknown vessel off Amsterdam, on Fri
day evening, losing her masts, rigging, bowsprit,
and jibboom.
—Tho schconor Major N. H. Ferry, ran ashore
near Blnok Creek, last Thursday, but was got off
without much damage. On the rtfflo day the
schooner Monitor ran ashore on Boh Blano Is
land, and was relieved by tho United States sup
ply steamer Haze.
—Tho schooner L. 31. Mason is ashore near
Leland, cm the east shore of this lake.
—Tho vessel reported ashore on »»bito bhoni
turns out to be theseboonerL. L. Lamb. She is
full of water, but a tug is engaged in relieving
—Thoschooners D. P, Dobbins. Pride, Uorand,
Senator, Sunnyside, and Mediator, aud the
steamer Aunt Betsey, all sustained more or less
damage during tho heavy gale on Saturday. The
scow Mermaid, of Milwaukee, was met about
thiriy miles from that port with all her canvass
gone. The crew refused to leave the vessel.
—Tbo schooner Challenge, which pas«ed De
troit on Friday afternoon, was thirteen days on
the passage from Milwaukee to that port.
Lake Freights,
We note the following engagements; To
Buffalo—Schr Carlingfnrd, wheat, 14c; bark
North \Vcst,schrs A. G. Morey, Empire Slate,
and D. G. Fort, wheat, 13c; proprs Idaho, and
Winslow, corn «>n p. t. To New York—Prop
Canistoo, corn, 32e. To Montreal —Prop Dal
bousic, corn, 22e. To Collingwood—Sebrs Anglo
Saxon, C. Nilsion, Dundee, and Northumber
land, corn, 9?. To Kingston—Schr Union
Jack, corn, 18c. To Portland —Prop Mont
gomery, corn. 34c. To Tawas—Schr Evening
Star, cum, oats, flour and pork, on p. t.
INSURANCE,
TUSHIE
MUTUAL SECURITY
Insurance Company.
TO OUII CREDITORS.
Wv havo saved all our books, papers, etc., and will
consequently bo able to show, with exactness, the
amount of liability to every creditor. We will, as
soon as possible, prepare complete schedules em
bracing tiic names of all claimants, and the amounts
duo them respectively. Our creditors wilt then bo
noli tied in time to enable them to bold a meeting, or
take snch other steps fur their protection as they may
desire. Wo crave tho geucrons Indulgence of nit un
til such statements can bo prepared.
TO OCR PATROSS,
who huld Policies on property not affected by the
great fire, we would say our Policies no longer afford
a sufficient protection against loss. Any Information
concerning the condition of companies, or assistance
lu procuring new Insurance, will be cheerfully ren
dered by the officers of tho Company.
PROOFS OP LOSS
will bo prepared fur oar customers and friends with*
out further charge titan the bare expense of employ,
lug copyists to porform the labor.
Respectfully.
DAK. M. BOWMAR, Scc’y
Office 2Vb, 30 South Clinton-at.
Insurance Agency
OF
ARTHUR C. DUCAT.
For tbo accommodation of our friends an-t custom
er* I have opened offices on tho West nnd Soath Sides.
WestSida office, 30 iiQ'l 32 Cnual-st., over William
Blair 5 Co.; South Side office, 419 Wabash-av.. over
Firnt National Rank. Risks taken in old and re-
Ruble Eastern insurance companies:
HOME INSURANCE CO., of Now York, organized
ISSC
CITIZENS’ INSURANCE CO., of Now York, or
ganized lA3G.
MERCHANTS' i MECHANICS’ INSURANCE
CO., of Baltimore, organized 1364.
MANHATTAN INSURANCE CO., of Krw York,
organized IS3I.
HoTmtD INSURANCE CO., of New York, or
ganized IS2j.
PUuVIIIENCK WASHINGTON INSURANCE
CO., of Providence, organized 1799.
.My patrons having claims against any companies
represented by me will please present Ilia same for
adjustment at tho Catial-sf. office, when, also, West
an t North Side risks will bo accepted.
Thnno wishing insurance) on the South Side will
please eater the same at the offee. 449 Wabash-av.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Every necessary Information as to making proof*
of loss, and tlio proper blanks of tho fame, will be
furnished on Application to mo. Wo hare hq able
cortwof adjusters, an>l am Trillins to devote time
and assistance to our patrons.
ARTHUR C. DUCAT.
Charles H. Case,
F I i: E I N.S U„B A N CE, C.l SOUTH
CANA L-ST., (second floor.)
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS.
ln‘ur,Micc Comp my of North America. Philadelphia.
Grp. Assets, Oct. 1,1371.13,262,307.96
cpkimrfiehl Fire and ManfiM-Xssuracco Co., Spring
field. Mass. Org. JSI9- Aside. Oct. I. 1871,
fI.WW.COO.
People’s Insurance Co., Worcester, Mass. Org. 1647,
Assets. Oct. I, IST I, £930,000.
National Insurance 7C0., Boston, aims. Org. 1632.
Assets. OCt. 1, tSTJ, $900,000.
Boyal Insurance Co., Liverpool, England. Assets,
s:o,ooo.ouo.
The Above companies will pay all losses, and con
tinue business with unimpaired capital. Insurance
accepted from propci ly owners at (air rates.
Parties having claims against tho ROYAL p’oase
present them for adjustment as soon as possible.
NORTH AMERICAN
|MRE JnSURANCE pOMP'Y.,
Of New York,
We are authorized by advices from the company to
state that they ore prepared to PAY ALL TIIEIII
LOSSES, and to continue business as heretofore.
ALL CLAIMS UNDER THE LATE FIBE
Must be Presented at our Office, No. lO
Eldridge-conrt.
Parties desiring insurance In the OLD IRON CLAD
NORTH AMERICAN, apply to
GEO. C. CLARKE CO., Agent,
10 Eldrldge-court.
NORTH AMERICAN
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
17 and. 19 "Warren-st.
New York, Oct. 10.1571.
To the Policr-lloMers of the North American Life
lUitiraneo Company at Chicago:
At a meeting of the Board of Directors, held at the
office of the Company on the 10th of October, it was
Resolved, That this Company extend to its Policy-
Holders suturing from the Into fire in Chicago, a
credit on their Policies to the amount of the premi
ums that may become duo during the next year, for
the purpose ofasslsting them in keeping their Poll
cies in force.
Resolved, That this Company appropriate tho sum
of Five Thousand Dollars for the sufferers by the late
fire In Chicago, and that tho Finance Committee be
empowered to act in tho distribution of this appro,
priation as may they see fit. 11. C. MORGAN, Secy.
Chicago Office Removed to 511 Wabash-av.
IMPERIAL INS. CO
OP LONDON.
{Established 1503.]
ACCCSICLATIONS
CASH CAPITAL
85.000,000.00 COLO.
Tho lows of this CompAtty In Cuieagn are Slj|,2oo
which they are prepared to pay at ouce, wilheut do
ducting tlio sixty days’ intorost.
Policy holders having claims against the Imperial
are requested to present tho same to
JOSEPH B. ST. JOHN. Asst. Manager,
503 Mlchlgan-av.
E. W. CROWELL,
RESIDENT MANAGER.
Hartford Fire Insurance Company.
Having prepared a careful schedule of tosses, this
company is now prepared to commence tho adjust
ment oud payment IN FULL ©fall just claims by the
CHICAGO FIRE.
C»nh Assets *2,803,000.00
After payment of all pending claims, our capital of
81.000,000.00
remains uuloucncd, with a working surplus in addi
tion of
QUARTER OF A BULLION!
Bureau for adjustment of claims, 372 Wabnsh.av.
Local oiDc--. where applications for insurance are
received, CS Canal-st.
Office of Western Department, corner Washington
and Grecn-sts.. _ G. F. BIBSELL,
Gt-nernl Agent.
The following telegram from the
Underwriters’ Agency of New York,
has just been received:
O. E. lIOSJtER. Asiintant General Agent:
AUJuec losses promptly anl draw nt alclU.
n. S. WOLCOTT, President.
ALEX. STODDART, General A.gcnt.
It boine dc«irablo that adjustments ond settlements
should be expedited, claimants adder our policies
will pleasa call at the otllce of Ogden. Sheldon
Scudder. C 3 Sontb Canal-st.. and confer with me
without delay, time our purpose to pay losses fully
and promptly auf be speedily effected.
O. UOSMEIt. Assistant General Agent.
WE ARE WRITING NEW INSURANCE AT REA
SONABLE RATES.
OGDEN, SHELDON&SCUDDER.
02 South Cunal-st.
Independent Insurance Company.
Partirs having claims against tbo Independent In
surance Company for loss «ro requested to submit
their claims for adjustment at tho earliest possible
time, that the extent of loss of said Company may be
definitely arrived at. and Immediate action taken, If
possible, hb to a final disposition of the name.
A representative of tho Company will remain in
Chicago fora short tims for tbc purpose of aiding lit
such result.
Cl-tins to be presented at our office, 10 Eldrldge
court. GEO. C. CLARKE CO.. Agents.
Policy Holders
In the Washington Insurance Company, of New
York, haring incurred losses in the recent fire, are
requested to call at tbo Company's headquarters.
No. <72 Wobash*av., at once.
MILLER DREW,
Local Agents.
Hibernia Insurance company.
Any one holding a policy from the above compan y
and who has suffered by the ialo firo wtll call at 4
South Canal-et.. between the hours of 9 a. m. and
pjin, each day, and bring their policies with them.
TREADWAY A JEWELL.
Agents.
JEtua Xife Insurance Company,
OF HARTFORD.
We will be offhand to transact business,-as usual,
on Monday. October IC, at Room 20, No. 181 West
Mndlsoa-st. Our books, papers, etc., ore nil saved.
OVIATT, SOUTHWELL CO.. Managers.
Insurance Xosscs.
51. A. RORKE A SON, ATTORNEYS,
nro prepared to mature papers In all cases 0^ ri c if l i tu
for insurance and all other Rgal business. Office 1
and 2, No. lit South Halstod-Bt.. late 17 South Clark-
Bt,
The Mutual Xife Insurance Co..
Of New York. All books, papers, and receipts saved.
Office IS3 West Wnshloffton-et.
O. CRONKHITE. Agent.
United. States
LIFE I NSORANCE COMPANY.
PC West WnahingtoD-st.
Reliable Insurance on Good Dwellings
Can he obtained in the old Manufacturer's Insur
ance Co., of Boston, from OEO. C. CLARKE it
CO., Insurance Agents, No. 10 Eldridge court.
BUSINESS CARDS.
M. D. Wells Co.,
WHOLESALE*
BOOTS AND SHOES,
WILL CONTINUE BUSINESS.
OFFICE,
CIS WABASH-AV.
ORDERS SENT TO US
Will be
FILLED ABOUT SOTH INST.
Chicago. Oct. 12,1871.
CHASE BEOS. CO.
Haying saved their
Abstracts of Cook County Eecords
From the fire have located In^the
MASONIC BUIIiDIMCr,
Comer of West Randolph and Halated-sts. (No. 9
South Helsted-st.). and will soon be prepared to
famish complete chains of title to all real estate in
this city and county.
Band, McNally &Co-
WILL BE FOUND AT
H. A. PITTS’ SONS,
106 108 W. Randolph-st.
WOLF MICHAEL,
WHOLESALE LIQUOR DEALERS,
11 and IB West Madison-st.
CHICAGO, ILL..
Have on hand a full stock of fine Kentucky, Bour
bon, and Rye Whiskies, Gins, Brandies, &c.. Sher
ry, Port, Rhine, Catawba, and California Wines,
which they will sell at prices fully as low as before
the flro.
Country customers will do well by examining
our stock. It Is the largest in the city. Orders by
mail will get prompt attention.
American Enterprise.
STARK ALLEN’S WHOLESALE
JEWELRY AND WATCH BUSINESS REOPEN
ED AT
363 WABASH-AV.
We have ordered, by telegraph, a complete du
plicate of our stock of goods destroyed ut the great
fire, and are now ready to fill any orders, and sap
ply oar customers the same os before.
STARK ALLEN,
863 WABASH-AV.
S. H. McCrea Co.,
PRODUCE AKO COMMISSION’ MERCHANTS,
Room 3, S. W. Cor. Randolph and Canal-sts.,
Chicago.
9. U. McCREA, Chicago, 111
W. F. JOHNSON. Morrison. 111.
A. N. YOUNG, Sterling, 111.
Liberal Cash advances made on consignments.
Particular attention paid to purchasing Lumber,
Lath, and Shingles by the Cargo or Car-Lead.
Also, Grain bought and sold on Margins.
t. IH. HENDERSON CO.’S
Office is now at
337 ]VEichigan-av
We shall resume business in a few days. Parties
indebted to ns will confer a great favor by sending
ns all the money they can.
C. M. HENDERSON CO.
Harmon Jacobie,
ALBANY, N.T.,
Proprietors of JACOBIE’S PATENT BRICK BIA
CHINE.
M c are prepared to fill orders at once for this ma
chine. Thoso int-rested are invited to call at tbe
Chicago Tribune Office and examine outs of the ma
chine; also, the endorsement* of the leading brick*
makers of Albany and Troy. This machine is con
structed for steam or water power; will make 4f>,noo
to 20,000 brick of superior quality tu ten hours. Cir
culars and lull information siveu.
Write Harman jagobie,
Albany, N.Y.
ISorman M. Kerr Co.,
35. 37, 39. and 31 North Fourth-sL,
Manufacture
PAPER BOXES
of every description.
Spscinllr, Joweller’s paper boxes, tags; jewoltor’s
cards, pink and white: cotton twine, chamois skins.
To Chicago Merchants
Starting anew nnd requiring such goods os we
maniifjctnro, it will »fTord ns great pleasure to fill
their orders nt moat favorable prices ami upon lib
eral credit.
Perkins, Stern Co.’s
Office for the present will be at NV» Wabash-ar.
Beitis among the sufferer* of the laio flro, we earn*
estly solicit ‘the aid of all persons indebted to ns to
send ns currency or draits on New York, which will
be thankfully received. All orders for CALIF*lit.
NIA WINES. BRANDIES, AC.. sent to os will 1m
promptly filled from our Now iorfc liouse until our
new stock arrives. Thanking our fiionds for past
favors, and soliciting a continuance of their pa*
trounce, we remain, respectfully, PERKINS,
STL ItN At CO.
BKNJ. RRUCK. Jc.. Agant. SOS Wabash-av.
Paper Collars.
PHILADELPHIA COLLAR COMPANY,
C. A. Watson, Agant.
Resumed business at 696 Wabash-ar.. have full lino
of goods In stock and In transit, and can fill all or*
ders promptly. Remittances will bo thankfully re
ceived.
Removal.
D. COLE A SON
Have removed to 135 West Mudlson-srr, (Coin's
Block.) nit 1 are ready for business. Books and pa
pers saved. Houses and lots for sale In alt parts of
the city. Property wanted for sale in burnt dis
trict. Parties haying negotiations pending at the
time of the fire will please report at once.
D. COLE A SON.
IS) West Modison-st.
Haskell Brothers,
No. 61 South Dalstcd-st., ns >r Ma lison.
Now on hand a good stock of Trunks, Valises, and
Travelling Bags. In a few days wc will be prepared
to fill all orders. Thankful to our old customers
who have so liberally patronized ns in the past, wo
hope to merit a continuance of the same.
HASKELL BROTHERS.
P. S. As heretofore, sample trunks and cases to
order a specialty. _
Hovey Co.,
FORMERLY 57 STATE S!.
Chicago, 111.,
Have opened their office temporarily at 141 Ellis
av..aud will continue to fill orders from that ad
dress. Parties Indebted to ns are urgently requested
to send us a remittance.
To Oup Patrons,
THE DRUGGISTS OF THE NORTHWEST.
Wears happy to Inform you wo have come out of
the great conflagration alive, and are up and at It.
again with renewed energy. Wo ar# erecting a tem
porary place of business on Dearborn Park, just in
rear of our old store, and will have an entirely new
and fresh stock ready for our customers in about two
weeks. Will issue a special circular when ready to
fill orders. Yours truly.
LORD, SMITH A CO.
Office C 74 Michlgan-av.. for the present.
Dr. Edwards’
OFFICE 6m STATE-ST., COB. TAYLOR.
Over T. J. Letoarnonx's Drug Store.
J. Ci J. J. Knickerbocker
HAVE REOPENED THEIR LAW OFFICE AT
Wallace Henderaon,
CaMMISSION M E R 0 II A K T S
37 West Washington's*.
ROOM C.
C. H.. McCormick Co
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
31 Clinton-Bt., Room 4, Chicago.
All right and ready fur business.
A. J. Averell,
REAL ESTATE BROKER.
Having snwd all his books nnd papers from the fire,
is prepared to glvo any information connected with
transactions effected through his office. Office at his
residence. No. 600 Wnbnßh-nv.
Lazarus Silverman Co.,
BANKERS.
Removed to M 2 Wahasli-av.. and doing business os
usual. LAZARUS SILVERMAN C».
Western Insurance Company,
OK BUFFALO, N. T.
The Chicago office of this company is for the pres*
ent at 76 West Kandolph-st. Parties holding its
policies are respectfully requested to call nt their
earliest convenience. JS. K. BRUCE, Agent.
Chicago. Oct. 17. «E7l.
Fred. L. Fake,
REAL ESTATE OFFICE,
510 Michigan-av.
A. P. W. Skinner,
Commission Merchant, 15 North Morgun-st.. Chi*
capo, will continue the business os before, soliciting
1In; patronage of old friends.
E. a* Bowen,
SIGN WHITER (Established
Removed to rear of 43 West Waehfngtou-sL All
signs at old prfeos. or lea*.
Geo. U. Gale,
Commlsaiun Merchant,
Temporary office. 213 Sooth Grccn-st.
John A. Johnson,
CONTRACTOR AND BUILDER.
Stores and odices fitted up. Plan* nnd specifica
tions furnished on short notice. Office 207 West Van
Buron-st.
Reliance Works, Milwauke, Wis.
Manufacturers of machinery, shafting, pulleys,
and other gearing.
Elevator machinery for first-class work.
Steam engines of bust quality on hand or to order.
Orders solicited. Address
EDW. P. ALLIS 4 CO..
Milwaukee, Wis.
BUSINESS CARDS.
Belding Bros. Co.,
MANUFACTURERS 'OF MACHINE TWIST
SEWING;SILKS. etc~
Wfl will open with a* foil and complete Block of
goods In onr new store, corner of Mlcblgan-av, and
Jackson-st., on Monday. October 23. Cuetomera In*
dobted to ns will please remit promptly and oblige.
A. Kulsely Co.,
Tin and Slate Boofora and mannlactnr»r« of Gab
vanlzed Iron Cornice*. 72 and 74 WeitMonroe-at.
Colonel E. B. Payne,
ATTORNEY AT LAW.
No. 120 Weal Wothlncton-st. Famished rooms for
law offleea ft* rent.
Geo. M. How Co.
Hove secured their books and paper? in .perfect
order, and aro prepared to attend, with their nan&l
promptness, to all consignment* and orders. They
may he found at Itt West Madison-st., Boom 7. until
their new office. 43 South Canal-st.. Is completed.
SEWING MACHINE COMPANY
Removed to 957 Indlana-av.
Lnto of 91 Washtngton-st.j Office, 301 Stato-st..
corner Taylor, in rear of drag store.
I havo received a supply of blank* and am prepared
to make out proofs of loss fur clients without farther
delay.
Dr. F. B. Xorcom,
Office, SOI State-st., corner Taylor-st.
Attorney nt Law. Notary, United States Commis
sioner, nmt Commissioner of Deeds for all
the States and Territories.
Office, 178 West Ma<iisnn-st,, between High School
and Halsted-st.
p. S.—Lost all bat energy nud fair dealing.
King Willard,
ATTORNEYS AND NOTARIES,
have opened an oflco at 175 West Madison-st.
Pnrllcnlar nttoulion to conveyancing and proofs of
less by lire.
The Chicago Savings Institution,
Corner State and Waahimrtoa-sts., has a supply of
small coin from tho mint fur tho accommodation of
tho public to czchnnm for currency.
R. W. PHILLIPS. President.
CARL F. W. SUNGK. Tranaurar.
DeGolycr McClelland,
Wo have established oar office nt our works. Os tho
North Pier, Just oast of tho light house, where wo
have largo stock of nil kinds of lumber for sale, In
cluding a very largo quantity preserved by tho troll*
known Samuel's Ironlrine process.
liUiit, Preston Kean*
HANKERS, JIASONtO BUILDING.
Corner of Rubied and Randolph**!*,
where we havo a gool fire-proof vault and burglar*
proof safe. We nrooteu for business os usual, and
shall pay In full. All our Looks,-securities aud
moneys wre saved frttn the fire.
Groat Western Map nnd Picture Depot, fully re*
established. Full stock. Now goods. Send on yonr
orders. GEO. P. ORAM,
05 West Lnke-st.. Chicago.
Real Estate, Loan, tnJ Collodion Office, 122 West
Rooli collected. Loans negotiated.
Bouses to rent.
Dr. John Thomson,
Formerly of 178 South Clnrk-at., can be found at
present at No. 421 Cmiai-st., two doors south of For*
J, W, Hobson Sou
WHOLESALE FISH DEALERS,
Ready for business at No. CO South Canal it., and
M West Water el.
Hoys’ and Youths’ Clothing*
MR. AND »IRS. J. M. HARVEY
Barnet last boon persuaded, much against their
will, to loaro 100 Lake st. a and hare resnmedtthelr
business with an entirely new stock at 585 Wabash
avAc doors North of Hubbard Court).
Wo are prepared to fill all orders, and see our old
customers.
A» J* Marks*
ENGRAVER,
To 7 Wabash Avenue.
Noia-u-l Lodge and Wax Seals. CanccllingSlampa
on hand,
Mabley Co.,
TIIK GREATEST CLOTHIERS IN TUB WEST,
will open the Chicago One Price Clothing House,”
r.t 12) West Madiion-st.. in n few days.
rnEEJIAN JACOCtE.
11. T. Steele,
Law Office and Notary Public, with seals,
Oysters S Oysters 11
F. J. RUTH’S
Squire Brand Oyster Depot, 83, 85, and S7 South
Canal-st.
Frauds Webber.
58 and GO West Jlodbon-st. All orders promptly
tilled same as 1-ofora the fire.
High Truman,
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
ATTORNEYS AT LAW
Commission*
RUMSEY, BKO. A CO..
Arc temporarily located at 57 West Bandolph-at.
Adi! ready for business.
Wilkinson* Sackett <Se Beau,
LAW OFFICE,
100 West Washington, corner of Desplaines-st.
BOOTS AND SHOES,
Moses Gray Co*
Are stilt alive nod kicking, and ready to receive
consignments as usual from old and newcustomors,
at tholrold stand.
U5 NORTH DESPLAINES-ST.,
Near Northwestern Depot,
P* R* 1.. Hardcubergh,
LEATHER AND SHOE FINDINGS,
107 West Lake-at., Chicago.
A full stock of new goods.
Franklin Denison,
Attorney at Law,
Would Inform his clients and friends, that he has
reopened his office at Rooms 5A 6, 20lW.Madlsori.it
J. P. DDUAK.
Delphi, Ind.
Dugan, c a so' Co.,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS, 30 and 32 West Madi-
SOD-SL
Cash advanced on consignment. Orders solicited
for purchase or sale of grain provisions, etc.
Chicago Cutlery Manufacturing Co.
Office and Factory. 177 to 167 Matber-st.
Our factory was not burned: will s*!l cutlery at old
prices. M. BUHL, Secretary.
W. T. Reid Co.,
PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURERS,
136 West Mndiaon-at.
Repairing and tuning a specialty.
Heimerdinger Florsheim,
LEATHER AND FINDINGS.
Hayden, Carkiii Co,,
CONTRACTORS.
ormorly 2 South Clark-st. on propanol to do dredg
ng, dock and bridge building at old prices. Address
etters and orders to
J, T. HAYDEN, W3 Wabash-av.
E. i(. Bowen Son.
Real Estate and House Agents. 15 Centre-av., near
Msdison-st.. want cheap dwellings to rent; hun
dreds of applicants daily. Every owner of dwellings
who will rent cheap as before the fire, should send
us description. No charges either to owners or par
ties burned out. Como and examine our list.
having saved the greater part of his machines from
the Ore, is prepared to .do dredging and dock Dnild-
Ing promptly. Office, after. at old stand,
corner of South Water and LaSalle-sts,
George A. Sleech,
ATTORNEY AT LAW,
15 Ilfl^tann'Canrt.
ShoenfelU, Bro. Co.
Formerly 80 and 83 Wnba*li-ar.
Office for the prevent, 567 Wabash-av.
L. SCIIOENFELD. 3. SCIIOENFELP. It, P. MATHEWS.
.1. P. Nichols. H. F. Fitch. J. W. Hedenderg,
J. F Nichols Co.
REAL ESTATE,
Loans, and Real Estate Law.
Removed to 25 South CanaLst.
hns opened a Real Estate office at No. .134 Wabash
av,. opposite the new Poet Office, and adjoining the
burnt district, where he would be phased to see his
old enstomers, and as many new ones as feel dis
posed to put property In his bands. Thanking his
many friends for past favors, be hopes to merit a
continuance of the same.
Cordage.
DUNHAM i DOIT,
ship Chandlers and Sailmakers,
Have resumed business at No. 20 Market st., and are
ready to fill orders for cordage, oaknro. duck, etc.
Hawes Lawrence,
atiorneys-at-l a w,
368State-st.
Special attention given to preparing proof of losses.
A complete lino otbianks for proofs on hand.
X. B. Myers,
LAW DOOK-3ELLKB,
1022 Wsbash-av.
A full stock of law book* in^transit. Customers
are requested to.send in order! at once.
Dent Black, Lawyers,
T4O WABAan-AV.
Mr. PENT, at hi* House.
43 SOUTH SUELPOS-ST.. after 4 p.
Hatch, Holbrook Co.,
BAUD WOODLC JIBEK.
265 Arclier>ar„ dilcoou. Branch Yard, 499 UlTor*Bt.,
Milwaukee.
Win. U. Thompson,
BEAL ESTATE AGENT,
229 West Madison-it.. Thompson's Block.
Particular attention to leasing property and coL
leering rente..
A. Zeller,
BILLIARD TABLE MANUFACTURER,
has resumed business at 728 State»st., where he is
prepared to supply the tradeallarflcles in the lino.
Wilcox Gibbs’
Dr. Ellis,
R. A. OH*,
lawyer.
Nn, 313 Wabush-nv.
Honrs, 12 to 2 p.to,
Simeon W- King,
Cram’s
John Barwlck,
-DR. JOHN THOMSON.
P. O. Box 72. Chicago. HI.
370 Slate*st.
OYSTERS,
419 Wabash-ar.
Paddock Idc,
419 Wabasti-av.
J. T. Jewett,
Iflftl State-et.
itSSSJcw-*--
HO TwcntyHliirdit.
0. B. Green,
J. S. Gould
BUSINESS CARDS.
Chicago
Advertising
SHARP THAIN
Will be pleased to see their friends at
ROOM 5, WELCH’S BUILDING, G5 SOUTH
CANAL-ST.,
Where they arc prepared to Insert advertising In
the leading Newspapers of the country at publish
ers’ lowest mica.
OFFICE OP
A. C. O. F. Badger
I* at .700 Wabaih-ar<
J. S. Bassett Co.,
PLUdintats and gas fitters.
Dealers in Gas Fixtures,
733 State-st.
Barnes House,
Comer of Canal and Randolph,
WEST SIDE.
W. K. SWALLOW,
Proprietor.
D, Kriegh and Co,,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
Office for the present at
STAR AND CRESENT JiILLS.
at Ranuolph-st. bridge,
West Side.
Office
D. W. A. KEITH CO.
at
Jacob R. Shipherd Co.
BANKERS,
161 Twenty-sccond-st.,
Chicago
24 Pinc-at., New York.
Our LaSalle-st. vault proved perfect, and we
are transacting business without interruption at
oor Twenty-second-st. office.
S. D. Childs, Jr., Co.,
ENGRAVERS AND DIE SINKERS,
Corner Kinzle and Kingsbury-sts., adjoining’ the
bridge.
Smith and Duncan,
Wholesale Dealers in
SADDLERY, HARDWARE, AND LEATHER
have reopened at
25 West Raodolph-st:
BUbcc marsh.
Attorneys at Law, will adjust losses and attend to
law business at (heir new office. No. 204 West Mad
iaon-st.
Wahl Brothers
Are happy to Infbrm Ihclr friends that although
their office and store wore destroyed, tbeCr
works are iutact, and that they still hare a complete
stock of GLUE and NEA7SFOOT OIL, and are pre
pared to fill all orders us usual. Office nod address
nt present nt their Glue Works.
Cavanagh and Bodle,
(Late 287 and 289 North Water-st.)
Hasten to Inform their friends and the public that
they have removed to
260 CALUMET-AV.
And will execute all orders after the 20th inatoul
Miller, Frost Lewis,
LAWYERS,
283 illchlean-ar.
Tcuticy* McClellan Tenney,
ATTORNEYS AND COUNSELORS
454 Wabash-ar.
Special ottontion to insurance eases.
Otto H. Matz,
ARCHITECT OF THE NIXON BUILDING,
Corner Mooroo and LoSalle-at,
Office same building.
Alexander Dean*
ADMIIt AL T Y LAWYEBS.
will pay «peclal attention to the Inspection or proofs
oflo«s. and cntioselfng with Insured. IS7 Writ Mad*'
lioq.il, second door west of llalated-st.
I>. Appleton it Co.,
AGENCY.
School Books at Half Price.
P. B. IIDLSE, Agent,
No. S Sixtcrntb-et.
office
of the
WESTSIDE HOMESTEAD ASSOCIATION.
71 South Peoria-st., near Madison-st.
ARZA CRANK. Secretary.
Cobb, Andrews it Co.,
BOOKSELLERS AND STATIONERS,
Haro establLhod themselves permanently at No. 471
Wabash-ay.
Uubel Brother,
FURNACES, RANGES. Ac.,
Removed to 201 Wrgt 3ladisnn-st.
G. H. C. Williams Co.,
Manufacturers of
SASH, DOORS. BLINDS. MOULDINGS, AC.,
Have not removed from their old stand, IC North
Canal-st. Have on hand a large stock at low prices.
Mlilluery Goods,*
BERLIN WOOL AND KNITTING YARNS.
Fancy Goods in great variety at old prices. Please
glrnme a call.
A. J. UNNA.
33 West Randolph.st.. under the Barnrs Hon^.
The law Office of
E. A. OTIS A F. A, WOODBURY
Will be at 543 Wabash-av.
Storey Grlffia
Have located their real estate office at 230 Wess
Randolph-st., opposite the American Express office.
We have some fine improved amt unimproved prop
erty lor sain at low prices.
Chas. B.'llolmes,
GENERAL AGENCY
of the
PeDDijinvufa Mutual. Life Insurance Compan*.
1026 Wabasb-av.
Kctchum Martin,
Wholesale dealers-lu Crockery and Glassware,
will receives'full now stock next week.
Present office. 63 Warreu-av.
Branch, Crookes A Co.’s
SAW DEPOT
AT NORTH CLINTON-ST.
until further notice.
C. A. lIILEH, Agent.
Cbae. R* Messinger.
Successor to Bronson A Messinger, manufacturer
and wholesale dealer In Tobacco, Snuff, and Cigars,
106, 108. and IIP 6ummlt-at., Toledo, 0. Orders so*
licked.
Wakemarty Manley and Wakeman,
LAW OFFICE'AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
45 SOUTH CANAL-ST.,
CHICAGO. r
L>, 3, Schuyler,
ATTORNEY AT LAW,
Office reopened nt IIS Cottage Crove*av. for tlis
presoot. Special attention given to insurance claims
and perfecting land titles.
Iron Cliffs Co.
Office, W South JcffetsoD-at.
JAMES ROOD, Agent.
Mead and Coe,
LOAN AND REAL ESTATE AGENTS,; J.
Removed to 79 Weal Madlson-st., corner of Jeffer
son. Oar books and papers saved, and wo am
ready for any business in oar line.
McWilliams and Co.,
PRODUCE COMMISSION,
Have resumed business at 83 West Randolph-ef.
Gallup and Peabody
will, for the present, have their
OFFICE
449 Waboah-sr.
Rochester Machinery Manufacturing
C 0.
D. Q. WORiLER, Manager, 87 and 39 Sooth Canal
st, corner Washington. Chicago, 111., manufac
turers and dealers in Wood and Iron Working
Machinery, at old prices. Giro ns a call.
C. H. Hanson*
Stencils, Engraving, and Die-Sinking, M West
Madlson-aL
BATES HODGES,
LAW OFFICE,
113 West Mad Is on-si.
M. Graff Go-,
Jobbers of fancy groceries, 123 West Hadlson-st.,
Chicago, We have resumed business, and shall
have a full stock is a few days.
Chicago Union llmo Works,
t\ E. SPOONER, Agent,
71 WEST RANDOLPU-ST
BUSINESS CARDS.
G. H. L. LAFLtN,
WHOLESALE
PAP3BH
DEALERS,
SO North Jefiersou-st.l
AND
340 Wabash-ay.)
CHICAGO, ILL.
Agency,
CHASE, HAHFOKD 00.,
Manofijctorers and Refiners* Wholesale Agents for
the BflJo of Standard Illnmlaating and Lubricating
Otis, White lead. Varnishes, Glass, Axle Grease,
Pine Tar, eUx, 479 Uansl-st., near Twelfth-fit, Cbl-
ESAIAS J. WARREN,
Heal Estate Broker,
Has opened a new office at
418 3BCio higran- ay.
Easiness continued without interruption.
MUNSON CO., Man
ufacturers of LEATHER
BELTING-, 14 and 16 W:
Randolph-st.
American Emigrant Company*
Foreign and Domestic Exchange. Ocean tickets
to and from Europe. General rail way ticket office.
Western office 39 West Kmrlo-ei.
FREDERIC NELSON. Agnnt, Chicago.
CARTER BROS.,
Contractors of Masonry
Office, 384 W, Adams-st.
The Wheeler Wilson
SEWING MACHINE OFFICE,
At 333 West Madlson-st.
FARRAR WHEELER.
The Mechanics’ Savings Bank.
IM TWENTT-BECOND-ST,,
CAPITAL,
JACOB It. SHIPHERD, President.
CHARLES B. BHBDD, Treasurer.
Escaped without the slightest Injury, and is
transacting business without Interruption.
Baskin, Martin Wheeler,
OFFICE
No. 688 South Caaal-st.
Are prepared, as usual, to fill all orders for
SALT,
(fine, coarse, and dairy),
CEMENT,
and
Office of Q. W. Marshall Co.,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
77 West Hadlson-st.
Wo have not been burned out. and aro prepared to
attend to wauls of country shippers successfully.
E. Schnelder Co.
STAR CANDLES.
Retail Trad
Too can get Star Candle* at onr factory, over
Archer-are. bridge, at eighteen cents per pound of
sixteen ounces, and we are prepared to fill large or*
den to the Jobbing trade all oyer the country at
former prices.
Established In 1863, and not homed oat.
Lusk Blatherwiok,
General Commission Merchants; N0.56 West Lake*
st, Chicago. We have tbo beat store a d location
what Is left of *e city, soil only for cash, and
osn guarantee newshlppera of produce quick sales
and prompt returns. Correspondence invited, and
circulars, tags, and stencils sent on application.
Blanchard Brothers,
Real Estate and Loan Brokers. 807 State-st.
Rooms, stores, and offices wanted, to sell, and to
rent. Eastern capital to loan for improvement In
the burnt district.
AT. W. Gas and Water Pipe Co.
D. A. TITCOMB CO.
Can be found at J. C, Woolley's, 646 Wsbasb-av^
W. L. B. Jenney,
ARCHITECT, NO. 12 PECK COURT.
Goodspeed’s
Empire Book, Map, and Chromo House restored
and In running order. Agents wanted for tbo beat
subscription books, maps, and pictures in America,
and “Goodspeed’s Golden Fens.” T. W. QOOD
3PBEP. Publisher, 223 West Madlson-st. Chicago.
Baird Bradley,
Loan and Real Estate Agents, OS South Caual-sL
Books, papers, etc-, unharmed.
Runyan, Avery, Loomis Comstock,
Attorneys at Law, No. 141 West Washlngton-st.*
corner Union.
Hldridge Tourtellotte
have located their law office for the present at 118
West Uadisoii-at. ana also'at the Avenue Boose,,
comer of Wabash**?. and Twenty-sccond-st.
Baaordc Loebnltz,
ARCHITECTS,
at Keeney Campbell's planing mill, comer Canal
and Twelfth *ats. They will opes office in a few
weeks on Bandolpta-et, adjoining Thomas B. Bry
an's Fldellty-Saft Depository. opposite Coart
House.
Frazer Lubricator Co. Saved.
ORDERS FOB
FRAZER’S ATT.-R GBEASB
ANSWERED PROMPTLY.
OFFICE 88 CEHTBE-AV.
J. S. Peironnet 4 Co.,
GRAIN COMMISSION MERCHANTS, removed
to 63 Sooth Canal-st. Heady for bnalnesa,
law Books.
CALLAGHAN;* COCKCHOFT, 102 Randolph
*L, hare on the way an entire new stock, and will
be ready for bnalnesa In afew days,
Julius Rosenthal, A. M, Pence, and
Adolph Moses, Attorneys.
Room 8, Masonic Bonding, southwest corner
Randolph and Halatad-sts.
Loflln Hand Powder Co.
""GRANGE GUN POWDER. FiU order, prompt
ly. at 595 Wabftah-aT.
Higgins, Swell dc Qnlgg
have removed their law office to 370 Wahash-av.
Walla Faulkner,
WHOLESALE GROCERS,
Will report in a few days at 165 Michfgan-tr.
George’ D. Cook,
COMMISSION. -MERCHANT, horned out at 186
Sooth Water-et. Ke-eatahllehed at 750 Siate-aL,
(near the Post Office.) Consignments of country
produce, etc., solicited.
Waite Clarke.
Office S3 and 84 Congress HalL Cougress-st., next
Mlcblgan-av, Hotel.
Insurance- Notice.
R. E. RYAN A Co., insurance agents. 47 Sooth-
Canal street, request their friends and patrons to
bring in their policies and present their claim*. No
oharge till money is collected.
Tolman King,
S3 WEST LiKE-SI.
We are now receiving goods at our new store. 53
West Lake-sr. Shall be ready to fill all orders Mon
day. Oct. 23. TOLMAN A KINO,
Wholesale Druggists.
Removed Oot. 7,
PHOBKIX PLANING MILL.
HOLTBANDER A RANDALL, Proprietors,
Contractors and Builders,* and-Manufacturers of
Sesb, Doors, Blinds, Ac. Factory and
office cornerofCangamon and Carroll-sts.
Dr. Julian S. Sherman,
Surgeon, 333 State.at., near Harrison. Office bonr
lOte is,
Lazarus Silverman Cor,
Bankers, hors removed their bank to No. 62
Wabaib’ftr., where limy art read? to continue their
basinets as
|LAZABUB SILVERMAN A CO.
Kenly Jenkins/'
Oils of all kinds. We are prepared to fill order* as
usual. Oarboa oil at lew figure*. Offics. 34 North
Canal-st.
Sweet, Dempaleri Co.,
are alive, and alreada receiving goods at their new
store, 59 and 61 West Washington***. Will be pre
pared by the SOthJnst. to offer to the trade* roll as
sortment of bats, caps, fors. gloves, mlttans^ete.-
Wm. H. Holden,
TfAW OFFICE. A
500 West' Monroe-stT ‘‘V
E; Amnion Co.,
Wholesale Wines and Liquors;
Office and Store 719 West liadiion-st.
Hitohooek, Dupoe.«- Eyart*,
Attorneys, may found at 219 South Bangamou-st.,
fora f«w days; then at corner Wells and Mooro**su.
The business hoars of Rt. B«t. Dr. FOLKz, Cath
olic Bishop.of Chicago, wilt be from Ida. m. tffSpr
in. at St. Patrick's Chnrch, comer of Adams and
until further notion.
L. B. Bigelow,
''s3 West Randolpii-st.,',
Drag and Chemical Broker aad Commiisicm H«r>
chant.
Consignments Solicited.
Jas. L. Stark,
LATVTEB,
Nos. 9andll North Canal-st.. with Platt, Thom*
A Maynard.
Equitable Life Assurance Society
OF THjB UNITED STATES, __
Is now located at 683 Wabasb-ar. All books, papers,
and money preserved.
H, F* JBNNISON, General Agent.
Fancy Steam Dye Work*,
By.O. DAHLGRBN, 129 West Rnndolpb.it.
All kinds of ladlei’ itnd geatlemsa’s clothe* cleaned
and dysd In the ffaest stylo at fanner prices.
laufer Hilt,
GENERAL COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
50 West Lake*st,
We have not suffered from the fire, aad are pre
pared to baadl* all consignments with despatch.
Rail-way Supplies.
OREEAB, ADAMS CO.,
have removed
THEIB OFFICE
To 64 South Jefferson-st
ATTENTION DEUGQISTSI
H. P. SWIFT BRO.,
120 WOODWABD .4T.,
DETROIT. MICH.,
Wholesale Drugrista and Dealers In Paints. Oil*.
Broshes. Patent Medicine*. Sponges, Cnetnicals.
Prosaists’ Glassware, etc-, etc., are prepared to nu
orders at lowest cash rates.
Send for quotations before purchasing elsewhere,
1». F. HWIFT A BRO.
Bare openedthelr office at No. <O7 West
where they will be pleased to see their friends and
patrons and receive their orders, as usual, for Crock
ery, Glassware, Ac. We shall soon bo In receipt of a
foil stock of Qneensware from Anthony Shaw.-Pow
ell A Bishop, and others, and shall be prepared to
sell on as favorable term* ns heretofore. We hope
that those Indebted to ns will promptly respond in
this onr boor of need.
Uespectfully aanonnee the commoncsmeot of a t?m
porary bolltliog on the northeast corner of MichT
gan-ar. and Monroe-st., which will be completed In
abont two weeks, when we shall be prepared to re
ceive onr customer* and to fill ali orders with oar
usual stock. lo the present emergency we ah al
most gratefully appreciate remittances from those
adabted to ns. either In New Vork exchange or cur
rency. by malt or expreos. All communications
abonld bo addressed to onr present office*
CHICAGO.
siep,eoo
O. S. RICHARDSON A CO., manufacturers and
jobbers of boots ami shoot, 34 West Rsndolph-st.
bare still a largo stock, which they i.ffjr at the old
prices.
STUCCO.
lambee North.
hardware,
Removed to 48 West Lake-si.,
will have oar nsaal assortment la a few days.* We
solicit orders for anything 1* oar line of trade.
Farrington, Brewster Co.
We shall open on Mlchlgan-av., near Hnbbard
ooart. and be ready to ship goods from oar temporary
■tore in about ten days. Oar office for tbe present is
at 522 Indlana-sT.
FARRINGTON. BREWSTER A CO.
Ortmayer, Lewis Co.,
WHOLESALE SADDLERY,
trill be at 49 West Randolph and resume business la
a few days.
Offices: 52 West ‘Madison-st., southwest corner of
Clinton; 9 Co 11 a. m..aad a io-7 p m.
At the County Hospital (Aruold-st., near Eigh
teen thv 3 to S p. m.
Hallork dc Wheeler,
NO. S WEST BASDOLPH-ST.,
will receive is a few days a new stock of Leather and
Robber_Beltlng, Hose. Packing, etc.
Office, 607 Mtchlcau-av.; packing heme, corner of
C. B A Q. Railroad crossing and lodlana-av., at
Smith’s lee honse. Orders again promptly filled os
before the fire.
John Kraus,
219 Bine Island-av., manufacturer of furniture,
wholesale and retail;*also office furniture.
Mead Higgins,
WHOLESALE 6BOCSBS,
Will ranine business, In a few days, corner Green
and West Wosbingson-sts.
Formerly 33 North State-st.; present location No.
&lt Wasblngton-av. All orders In bis line will re
ceive prompt attention.
Jas. G. Mcßride Co*,
MICHIGAN I 0 B A*C C 0 WORKS.
We have received a new stock of the celebrated
Rosebud. Keystone and Sunbeam Fine Cut tobacco;
also, full line of Smoking, Flog. good, and cigars.
Prompt remittances greatly needed. Store room 733
nuath-CUrk-st.-- Office 4*9 M)ob)gan-av.
w Rea Coates,
BEAL. ESTATE BROKERS,.7O&‘WAD ASH-AY.
Parties having property in the central business
portion of burnt district to sell at redneed prices,
will find It fbr their interests to call and leave list,
with prices. Ac., as we have a large inquiry from
non-residents. Also, demand for rruldencea for sale
and rent.*
Temporarily at No. S4 South Clinton st.. Boom 12-
Sight drafts honored against shipments, aame a»
before the Bre.
BQUABB BRAND OYSTER DEPOT.
85 and 87 South. Canal-sf
Order* from city sod cotrofry Promptly attended
to. r
The‘Singer Sewing Machine.
The office of
j; s.avieeiss.
Formerly 131 Deafboro.gt..noir at 167 Milwankee-av.
Union Akron Cement Co.
Will be ready to All orders the last of the week.
Office, Boots r.afssdnftr BaJlfllng, corner of Salsted
and Baadolpb*tt|.
Notice.
S.H.Baniomai'o,,
wBl «ramo boiloera in few dajajilUi a fnu tun.
S^ r ‘lwSlS.*f a? Ul i oaa 580 Slato «t««V
BUSS. MOORE A CO.,
Offlee.nt.no* Wthath At«-
s?. air T* sssssss
pkclag OS Inpoasoseion
BUSINESS CARDS.
Hart, Aston Co.,
Bag Manufactory,
AT
Xos. s<b7 West Madlson-st.,
Are raesivlog g»K>d*. and ready for Lu«icata.
H. P. Merrill Co.
Sfettauers Sc Wineman
<9l MICIIIQAN-AY
Gilbert Sc Sampson
will resume huslnesa opposite
NO. 820 MICHIGAN-AV.
Office for the present at
028 MICHIGAN-A V.
Only Wholesale Boot and Shoe
HOUSE NOT BURNED OUT AT LATE FiKE.
OFFICE OF
W. L. B. Jenney, Arohiteot,
la at 709 Wabaih-sv,
PHELPS, DODGE PALMER,
Manufacturers and Jobbers of
Boots and Slioes,
Will continue business store on Mlchlgnn-av., op*
poslto Michigan Avenue Hotel.
Orders sent to na will he filled on or ahont tho
28th Inst.
Mono, Norton Scott,
PRODUCE COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
132 West Washington-st.
Trego and Kellogg,
COMMISSIONER CHANTS,
68 SOUTH CANAL STREET.
We shall be ready to handle consignments as for*
merly as soon as railroads are ready to deliver
them.
Armstrong Co.,
WHOLESALE PAINTS AND OILS,
con be found temporarily at 884 Btate-st. We are
prepared now to fill orders to city tride for any
amount of Carbon Oils, and will fill country orders
In ten days. Those owing .us will confer a great
favor by sending la cash or express, or drafts os
Few York.
Cook McLain,
DYERS,
Removed to 563 State-aW sear Harrison.
CJhas. Wlppo,
FURNITURE,
99 West MadUon-st.
Parlor, Chamber and Office Furniture.
Dr. F. C. Hotz,
OCULIST
Te the Coonty Hospital.
Goody «Se Chandler,
LAW OFFICE
391 Wabasb-av.
A. Booth's
OT3TEBS..
Francis Agnew,
BUILDER.
s Adam Smith,
REAL .ESTATE OFFICE.
St Sooth Jeffsrsou*«t.
QIT.HP.RT BREGA,
COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
F. J. RUTH,
-Pi JML-Osbome Co.,
HEADERS AND MOWERS.
DANIEL BANSOU,
General-AgePt. 800 South Morean-st.
:Geo»;tV. JEtaUey,
attorney at law
,1
Beal Estate Office'
A. J, A VfcWRf.T. T
N*. CCS Watetk-ar.
GENERAL NOTICES.
To Our Patrons
_ 4-V. Wabisll-.1T., Oct. li» J*7l
Onr stock and-store Natoul |om; books »h.«d.
pars Mt-il; Insuranca doDbtfal. Ofeoarsa To a fuJ
appreciate onr situation. sad »U who are Jmlauid
lo as w.ll mske Immediate payment. We bate oorn
ttmpornrj W.rehotm on 1.,t0 I'.ri r,.!
Budolpa-.t. *nd Hld.i;.n-nT„ wb.” V, itS
•oon b. re.dr for huilnni. w. 0.0 -on onr’L Jk.
for f.Tor, In tho p..t, .nd bop., to niorit tLV- con
tloasaco in the future. “>«.s ini-i. con.
HALL. KIMRAUK A CO.
Important Public Notice.
Permits for the erection of temporary atmcstim,
one story high. within the fire limits of the city. f,
remain not more than one year, will be issued T>r
the present from theofficeof tho DoirJ of 1-ml c
Works. No. »4 West Randulpb-st. No buiiiius nr
structure of*ny kinl will be allowed on the street-.,
alloys, or sidewalks. By or.lcr of tho board.
F, n. BaILEY. Secretary,
To Our Friends and Patrons.
ifEVEB gxve rp the ship.**
CHASE, HANFORD CO.,
Paints, Oils, Glass, &c.
Oa sccoant of “Fire In the Rear” \re ire com
o' 11 0 ,!P, 471 Cami-st.. (near
Twolftb.) Carbon Oil now nn hand. Other Olla
,ITIrI IK <lril7 ir »=d roady to fIU order,
with Itttlo or no delay. Very tnilr yonr.
CHASE, HANFORD Jt'cO,
Chicago. HI.
Judges of Election.
All citizens who hare recently l-oen c-to-i by Mm
Board **r Supervisors as Jn-lgrs of Klcc:»no are
lu-roby requested U» be pro-*-nt nt tho plnees dV*i’-
bated for the registry of voters, an,}
Wednmday, the :7th aud ISth itajs >.f OctoU-r, inn*
at 5 o'clock a. m., without fail. Hi Ro,>k-i of Bi-J!
feiryranbo obtained in the |l!gi '.-hoot Budding
on Monroe-st.. between Ralsfixl rnma.Mi.
J. O. KINDRLK. !\nmir C>rk.
The Burned District.
Capitalists are constantly Kurin? urlers-.v;:h
lo purchase property in tho burned district.
We hare a number of orders now to purchase
ALL CASH.
All sufferers desiring to sell for Dirt or all c.is’i
will do wtll to cal! oo us AT ONCE.
JOHN 31, WAITK
S. K. WELLS.
<5 liul-banl-court.
Roofing.
THE CHICAGO ELASTIC STONE HOOFING tV.
Saved their entire stock. Offer the Best Firs-Proof
Hoof in use, with no advance in rates, and fully
guaranteed. Refer to the 0., D. A Q. R. i:.,wh o
have over St3.(X)O worth of them In uao. Offico.
Warehouse, and Sfanufactory, 228, riD. 212. and 2H
Xewberry-ar., near Ualstrd-nt. viaduct.
To Manufacturers and Mechanics.
Any parties wishing to establish iv manufacturing
uofinnuii at a convenient nail advantageous
near Chicago will And It to their interest to coaft-r
with or address, within three day*.
C. H. MEAD.
Barnes (louse. Chicago.
Edwards’ Directory.
SPECIAL NOTICE
To Business Men Aad Others.
Please semi to 13 and 17 Canabst., 4th story, as
speedily os possible your address and present loca
tion. and In a few days I wilt issue n special direc
tory embracing tbo business places of all who havo
made changes oc account oftlio lire*. RICHARD
KDWARDb, Publisher Chicago Directory, I*.
Canol-at.
Great Improvement
In roofing aud covering of walls. Hoofing and .*ll
tiles of galvanized iron. No leakier, no cracking, or
blowing off, no repairing, and highly .ornament*!,
saving about 30 per cent of metal by t ho ah ingles now
louse. Patented Judo 13, 1571. Send stamp for cir
cular. C.O. VAN PAPPJCLENDAM, Charleston.
Lee County. lowa.
Atlantic Pacific and Great Western
tklgkaph companies,
Corner WVat Washington aud c»nnl-ats.. up-stairs
Removal.
My Heal Estate Offlcu Is removed from 116 Mooroe
•t. to 872 Wsbssh-av. Ail persons who have paid
raoreutlu advance, will call ami receive pnvtuetit
for the unexplred time.
All who-owa ms tor real cslste, shall have all
proper and necessary indulgence.
ALBERT CRANE.
Printing.
Work equal to any office'ln Iheslale, Order* for
Chicago work filled mid relumed fulfowiag day tree
of charge.
BABCOCK Jk DRUMM.
Watack*. HI.
Notice.
AH persons lu Chicago, to whom our house arei
debted for bills not yet doe. are requested todia
on us at sight for the respective amount!*.
J. P. GAGE SON.
Lyons. lowa. Oct. 13, 1371.
Frauds Webber,
FRUIT AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
nave resumed business at
N05.33 AND 60 WEST MAPISON-ST,
Oglesby, Barultz Co.,
Manufacturers’ Paper Warehouse,
Removed from 111 South Clark-st. to 313 West Ran-
Oolph-st.
Commercial National Bank
Will resume haaioess ibis d.iy at N0.333 Wabash-ar,
M, D. BUCHANAN. Cashier.
Monday, October 16, 1371.
Parties Desirous of Disposing
OF
IRON AND METALS FOR CASH
Can do so by addressing
11, J. MITCHELL.
Avenue House, Twenty-second-st. and Wabash-av,
Printing Presses.
Office of It. Hos A Co. at Chics go Newspaper
Union, >3 North Jefforson-at. W. IT. Kerkoff, Affant.
Parties Having Claims
AGAINST TOE C., R. I. A P. B R.,
For sappllrs famished the month of September, nro
reqaeoted to send derailed Mile of seme to the aoder
eigned at once. ALLEN ITANVEL, Pnrcheser,
Cor. Ulark and Twelflh-ate.
Tbe Office ot the West Side Homestead
Association
Is at 71 Sntilb Peoria*»t., neat Madison. with s 'eott .t
Case. Shareholders will please call and puy install*
merits at elm earliest moment.
Obiesrn. Oct. 16. 1871
Notice.
Creditors ofSIDLKY ENDICOTT. wholesale gro
cers. nrr requested to rend tall statements of account
to them by nuil >t 774 Wabnsli-ar.
SIBLEY A ENDICOTT.
Notice.
The Western Transportation Company have re
moved their office and d>»ck to foot of West Washing*
tun-at.. where we shall be pleased to see all oar old
friends and customers. Propellers arriving and de
parting daily, as nsaal before the fire. Office No. 3
Wwt Wnshlngtoa-st TCTTLE .t BOND.
Pamphlet Description
Of the Chicago Fire, containing accurate maps and
much valuable reading matur, written by one of tbs
best Journalists on the spot. Published Oct. IC. ile
tail price, 23 cents. Trade send orders to W. E.
TUNIS, publisher, Detroit and Chicago News
Agenrv. IKK Pr»irie-av.. Chicago. |H.
NOTICE.
We have leased Iho Urge and substantial brick
budding southwest corner State anif-Twcntieth sts..
where we will, in a few days, open a complete retail
stock at our former low prices. Ih selecting this
location wo bad In view Us proximity to railroad
lines connecting It with all ports of the city, thereby
accommodating ell onr old friends and patrons oi»
the West as well as the South Side. Doe notice will
be given when the stock will be ready.
FIELD. LEXTER A (.0.
Notice of Dissolution of Partnership
Notice is hereby given that the firm of Morphy A
Finnegan who have been carrying on a business os
country merchants, dealing In groceries, dry goods,
etc.. In the Town of Lemont, Cook County, Illinois,
have this day bv mutual consent dissolved partner
ship, the said Murphy by agreement-la to assume all
liabilities of said firm, and collect alt bills' owing to
the said firm. All bills ami transactions relating to
the said firm are to bo settled by said Morphy at his
■tore at Lemon* as aforesaid. Chicago, October 17.
idll, JAMES FINNEGAN.
Mew York
Drug Exchange Relief
These funds are in my hunts. If emoloyera having
employes needing aid, wlli meel me nc 619 State
st., on Thursday, Oct. :9, atSp. m., their wants will
be met. J. 11. KEEP.
Corns.
BY DJI. STB P JIG K S
621 West.Laborer.
Open from 9a. m. to 9p. m. All-Bight SnLre for
sale.
Prnssiog’s Vinegar.
I shall be {a full operation aad ready to supply the
trade by the Ist of November next at the recently n
duced price*. CUAS.O.E. PKCSSIJ.O,
Rl7. 32Q. and rm ytat*»-st
Stereoscopic Views
of Chicago,
BEFORE AND AFTER THE FIRE.
Wholesale and retail. P. B. GREEN.
Landscape Photographer,
315 West Jackson-sC.
Notary Seals
Furnished fori.’i by
8. D. GUILDS. JR.. CO.
25 East Kinz?»-«t.
Corn Husks.
Orders should bo left for PREPARED CORN
HGSKS,at7S3 State**:. Bcdsfllledaod delivered for
S cents per pound. STEPHENSON A CM
GROCERIES.
If. C. DRAPER, ACT.
DANA, HYDE AGO., BOSTON, MASS,.
49 WESTXAKE-ST., CHICAGO.
(Formerly M aad 55 Mlcbigta-av.)
A good assortment of Teaa saved from fire, and
good stock of
Teas, Syrups, Coffees Brown Sugars,
ArrMng dally. Orders promptly died from Bos
ton or Oh icago, as heretofore.
300 TTwif Chests Tea la slock here.
To my friends la the Northwest and Far \V cat—
-1 deaira to express thanks for past ferore, and solicit
year orders and remittances, on dno and paat due
sccoonts.
N. C. DRAPER.
KEMOVAES.
Union Sorewand Bolt Co.
Office removed to COLLINS BUR
GIB’S Store Foundry, southwestern cor
ner Van Bnren and Jefierson-sts. We are
prepared to fill all orders for Bridge, Car,
Track, Machine and Skein Bolls, Lag
Screws, Jack Screws, and Carriage Bolts.
We have made arrangements lor doing.
BLAOKSIHTH WORK
for buildings. Regular Prices.
ABZt CRANE