OUR extraordinary Gratitude and
Senerosity in your late Preface to my

—|@crfdious Brother, has laid me under so
+ Wreat an Obligation, that to repay it, and

e ia some Measure out of your Debt, I

gave presumed to put it entirely under
our protection. Your Fondness in Fa-
I bering of it, (tho? none of your own) is
P uncommon a Piece of Generosity, as will
lad but few Followers in so degenerate an
ge as this we live in. I wou'd expatiate, '
Ws most Authors do, on their*Patrons ex-

Fe lleot Qualities; but being sensible it woud
ive Pain to a Person of your exquisite Hoer

and Modesty, 1 shall insist little on thit

ead; but leave the World to judge of
uch conspicuous Merit. The major Part of
he Authors of this Age are a Company of +:

De dication.
fly, cautious Plagiaries, pilfering here and
there a Thought, or a Line, and so compounding
an Olio, which they palm on the
Town for their own. But a certain Artorney,
With whom you are intimately acquainted,
has so violent a Propensity to |
Stealing, that he seizes on every Thing that Wo
comes in his Way, without giving himself n
the Trouble of concealing his Theft, and |
wonders at the Impudence of People, that
dare put in their Claim to what is their
Own. FD | B
The Gentleman Watch-maker desires that
you will accept of his publick Thanks for
your Civilities, (not for concealing his We!
Name) and hopes your Reputation stands 8
fairer amongst the Attornies, than it does at M1
present among the Mechanicks. 1 am very
much oblig'd to your, Sir, for creating a-new
what 1 had created before, and for liking
my Tale and Design of the DICTION. It
this Expression of miae should be thought
Nonsense, I must refer the Reader to your
own Preface for an Explication, or at least is
for Authority. It will not be amiss, (dear
Sir) but very acceptable from so. celebrated
and learned a Person as your self, if in the i!
nent Edition, six Months hence, you write 8
Notes on your own Preface; for it is at 8":
present so sublime, that no People of common,
Sense can understand ii. =

Dedication, =
Jes very hard, that notwithstanding
Four own Opinion, that your Reputation
Letters is not small, as you inform the
Vorld in your last Performance, that

Mankind, nemine contradivente, (this Scrap of
o in I got by reading the Votes, and could

ot help repeating it, to shew-my Learning)

f ink you a Man of little or no Genius,
d ense, or Capacity. RR.
it As trifling a Production as I think the

ir Nerfidious Brother, a Gentleman, and one
os that understands the Dead Languages,
Irer'd to lay a Friend of yours a Hundred

at . ot |

or {Suincas, that, on your own Bottom, you
is Would not produce, in four Months, nay,
as Mot in so many Years, any thing that
at Puld be so much as call'd a TR AGE DY,
ry meet with even as kind a Reception,
ew this under our present Debate has done,
ag d that you know was not very extra-
If Mdinary. If you approve the Terms, and
ht {ur Modesty (Dear Sir) will allow you
ur undertake it, favour me With a Line
ast two, and I doubt not but I can help

ar Nu to the Bett. Iam sorry the World does

ed t join with me in the Opinion 1 have

he your large Capacity. How shall I sound
Mh your Praises? Your Candour, Politen,
Modesty, and Education, are all so
nspicuous in your late Preface, that I |
nk it superfluous to insist any farther
don them. That you haye a very great
nl Opinion

whey — * 5 x

Dedication.

Opinion of my Production, is plain; yo
cou'd not else have taken so much L A
BOUR to. pass it on the Town so
your mn; a Favour so unmerited by me
that I shall ever have a just Sense of it
And as a Testimony of it, I beg Leay:
(Learned Sir) to subscribe myself,

Your most obliged,
most humble Servant;

and Admirer,

F % G - \ 3 4
SY 4 7 Z *
+ bn oj 4 8
; 1 E R * 5 1 7 4 * ; 4s 4 4 pz 4 |
ay F 7 7 * 7 pe * Fr 4 4 4 4 F
- - 4 - » 1 I 8 8 , 2 I
„ 4 8 * * 4 Ll be
wt Ta#% . £:% F :

1 PA 4 OY
$ i ] * if 4 Þ

— —-„H 74 A es HO, 2 Yr HI 147 (ob 16 SIEM PAN +

3 O move 1 gen rous Heart, and draw your Tears,

In Artless Dress the Tragic Muse appears :

Feript of her Regal Pomp, and glitt ring Show,

be represents 4 Tale of private Nos.

Those common Ways to varnish want of Art,

May streik the Eyes, but never touch the Heart:

plays were design'd for Use, to mend Mankind,

o paint each Crime, and so corre the Mind;

F afely to teach the Race of Life to run,

0 shew which Path to keep, and which to sous: |

Proud of the Tacky Imagination soar'd, -

ind from Parnassus Hill, Mankind explor d

Faw all their At, and from that Rising Ground,

curely lash'd the Guilty World around.

en sbud'ring Guile soon trembled at the Red, . 92

vd ty the Offipring of the Radiant ww

=>: now tis se no more, the Scene i chan

nd Poets Hearts from Virtue are rags

No more of Honour, ar of Glory nice,

or Gain they flatter, and inculcate Ves,

Foo well they know, that Nervous Sense must nd

ben Baudy Fefts, and Party Craps 7 0

e jour fiekly Fudgments

For N A Tt up 1 with ancient Virtue fr d,
e *** * be admird,

ä +» vj

Montanio, a Noblem an.

Ludovico,

HOWS" <A. ˙ g, 4b” = CDS AD Ry > 7

Antonio,

Belbille, 2 Young Soldier.

uciana, Wife to Ludovico.

Montanio 8

4 P AS *

ACT IL. SCENE I.

Enter Antonio, aud 4 Servant in a Tra.

FW RNs p | ,
75. OW say you Sir? my Brother on Rev.

An Hour's Riding brings him to your Arms.
e scent me on the Spur to greet ycu all,

nd glad you with the News of his Approach.
Ano. Are any here inform'd of his Return?
8 S:rv. None but your self, my Lord.

aAnto. Be silent chen, + 2

Wd let no Person know the grateful Tale;
when he comes, Surprize will raise the Joy.
and refresh thy self; But first take this | gives
8 a Reward due for thy happy News. Money.
v. I shall obey my Lord. I[ÜExit. l

o. My Brother return'd! ,

he unexpected Tidings shocks my Soul!
Fortune trembles like the Needle's Point,
teddy then, my Stars, or I shall fall

ond your Power to raise me up again.

he Constellation of his happier Birth,

ES Eldership conveyed Superior Power,
18 which I hate him from my very Soul,
ad will contrive his Ruin by my Wiles.

Irst I must prevent his Knowledge of the Arts
have us'd his Consort's Virtue to betray ;

o the Embraces of Montanis's Arms. 0

or should he know, nay barely but suspe&

ly bold Endeavours to work: *ollution

On his dainty Bride, I shall be scorn'd, 3
Slighted and Spurn'd, and lose that Confidence
On which I must build all my future Hopes.
II ruminate a little: — Now I have it.

FH! inftanrly unto her, ere he comes,
And with grave, forma], and repenting Face,

Work her to believe my Nature chang d.

Euter MONT ANIO.

Mont. What News Antonio? Is my beauteous Neice
Propitious to my Wish ? or does she still - =
Reje& my ardent Vows and eager Love? | 1
Anto. When first I told her of the Pains yon
The — a ; Nights itt 5 —
he restless, anxious Nights you past away, 1
Her Face o'er-spread with red, her fiery Eyes, 1
Like Lightning, flash'd before th' Approach of
Thunder. - | —_—
But when I came to urge the Tale more home,
Seas have less Rage, than She, when Winds
Drive their tempestuous Course along the Surface
Of the wild, foaming, and unequal Deep.
Mont. Then no Hope's left for my succesless Love?
But I must pine in mournful Discontent, - 4 704
And waste my Joyless Hours in Grief away
Ano. Nay don't despair, Sir, for I cannot bear
To see my dearest Uncle thus oppress'd
Beneath the anxious Pains of flighted Love?
Perish a thousand rather of the Sex, 30
The giddy treacherous Sex, than you shall lose
A Moment's Rest or Quiet. —— Rely on me, 4M
And set your Heart at Ease; Spite of her Virtue, 8
This lab'ring Brain shall work her to your Arms:
And all her boasted Chastity shall melt, |
Dissolve like Snow at the warm Sun's Approach.
Mont. If thou canst compass that, thou art the
To all. my Wealth and all my spacious Lordships.
Ves, = my Lands are thine ; there's not a Foot of
art | vol DI 1531,

At my dispose, but what shall own thos Lord — —

And call thee Master: I will not leave, in all

My Gifts, unto thy Elder Brother

ven the poor Length, or Value of a Grave.

Ano. Vou are too good, too 2 to me Sir;

ieaven knows it is not Interest, that I covet,

IM cep in my View, or follow in the Chace

H serving you ;; but meer Compassion -_ .

f the Pains you suffer by your hapless Love

Por the Ingrate. But come, you must away;

Moment lost wou'd never be retriev d.

eice For all my Projects and your Love's Success-

Hang on the happy Issue of this Hour.

iy Brother's just returning from the War.

Via:. How? : F

A Servant, now arrived to give you Notice,
st gives me Time to play a saving Game.

Unt. Thou mult be wondrous artful,

pr all will be discover'd ; _—

and every A& of ours laid open to his View.

= 420. Be not dismay d, and let not Fear o'er-pow'r-

our Reason to betray our secret Guilt.
e bold; receive him with open Arms, and
eeming loving Friendship ; let the whole House
ing our for his Return; and spare no Cost
o ler him think your Joy is most sincere;
nd leave the rest to me. III lay a Padlockpon
his Helpmeets Lips, shall keep them close -
From whispering our Offences, Be gone,
And leave me, tor here in. lucky Time she comes.
= 7 . Ee | 4 [ Exit Mone.]

LUCIANA: She fees him, and offers to retire; -

Y 2 Vou need not fly with hasty Steps away,
Nor shun me as you would a blasting Air. Tp
roo never meant to wrong a Sister,
ou were too quick, and apprehended false.
Had you but given me Time of Explication,
[Your gentle. Nature had not been incensed.
Lutiana. Who cou d be calm, and hear thee plead: |
in Fayoun 4 .
494.5 | | - ” What

TO +. 2. ts oO EETY
r He a Oo

— W rs ode

Had but a Fiendlike Face to ser it off:

Which I have found so pure, so free from Drofs,
I ser the highest Value on your Vertue,
If, to cross the Bent of his Designs,

Tor nofie but dwarfish Souls, without a Reason,
Harbour Suspicion of another's Vertue.

What hast thou seen so loose in all my Actions,
That thou should'st dare presume, that I might fall,
And be the Prey of most detested Incest? 0
Auto. Tis far from my Soul, and honest Nature, :
To think ignobly of your Matchless Worth, 1
Had you but stay d to hear :
Luciana. Proposals, that would blast a coded: Ear.
Didst thou not claim a Kindred to she Blooqçde
Ot my most worthy, most Beloved of Husbands,
Thy Life fnou'd pay the Forfeit of thy Crime.
Bur don't presume too much upon that Tye; A
Urge not my Patience, nor provoke my Rage: | il
For if thou thould'st, this Arm, this Woman's Aut, =
Weak as it is, shall punish thy Offence. .: M
Auto You never. shall have Cause, at least fromme. y
Had you vouchsafed t' have lent a farther Ear ;
To my Discourse, I sure had then regain'd e M |
The Loss] had sustained of your Opinion.
T must confess, that what I first did urter,

But, as a hideous Mask does often hide

The Fair One, so my foul Tale, — 0 er
The Purpose of my fair Intent; whate er 1
I urg'd, was only Means to try (as Gold -
Is touch d) the Standard of your Worth; ' -

You've need of Help, you may rely on me.
Luciaua. Tho all — sayest were Truth, of en 1
I doubt, ®
Th'Aﬀront thou' st offer d, to suspect my Töndur
Js such, as must proclaim thee base of Mind.

Anto. Forgive the Rashness of my guilty Tongut, ko
Since my a Heart was Stranger to the Wrong!
With low Submission I entrear your Pardon, bs 6 ]
And shall no more offend, —— + #4 JU
 (Lireiana, If thou art penitent, and art resoly' d. L
No more to urge me; freely I remit
Tu or Offence : But _ to o bein my Fayour | A *4]

Loon art inclin'd,” Aissuade Mont amis...
om his loose Intent; show. him the 38 5 of
1 gf such a Monstrous Crime ; and all che Neis.
ure, 3 hat still adorn bright Vertue.
Ano. I shall bey. 33
nd may a thousand Blessings hover cer you, 2
o crown your Years with Love, and every Jo |
id may each Night some pleasing Dream de deliabe.
ien let the Morn with its returning. Sweets

all gladly usher all its various Treasures,
entertain your . and feast each Sense
ith some new with Luxuries of Pleasures.

Montanio, Ludovico, Belleville, and Selinda. |
Ludovico and Belleville ia Riding Hobits.

1 Pune. See Luciana, here's a Welcome Guest.

4. My best Angel!

Liana. My Husband !

Z . 4 Ha ! She sinks! she Kints!. My sudden,
xpected, quick Approach,

as rais'd too great a Ferment in her Soul.

6 J ut thus I'll grasp her in my longing Arms,
| = £ ad breath new Life upon her pale, cold Lips

Love! my Lutians!

I £ Wick awake from our this Death-like Slumber !

J ebose those Eyes, that I may vie w their Beams,
nd biess me with the Musick of thy Tongue.

Bel. Give her more Air, my Lord, and she > nes

see a Blush begins to glow |

pon her Beauties! and those gentle Sighs + 15
Breath sends forth, are sure F ore· runner ok

turning Lise

Luciana. Where have 1 been ? alas! I

Mot _ Lbeheld my — h | i 6 n

* 0. XZ 1 no ream, Luci ana, t usban

ö a. holds thee in his Arms! 4 bets

nsported that he once more ges c on 'rhes. |

Luciena. Is t possible! air oF
I should doubt my Senses play me false; and;
zut my e Heart, and Sous. Wa Y 16

8 3 3 That

That i is oppress' d e ere 1 i Soul

In that clear Truth. ; Albin!

My Lord! my Love! now thou art chan; Tir cast 4 |

Away all Grief, and lull each Cie upon —_

Thy Generous Breast ! .
Ludo. Oh! I could ever listen to thy Talk! tick

But in my Raptures I forget my Friend.

Worthy Friend, forgive amo 1115 4 = -q \ WES"

The Slips and Indecorums 1 commit:

I'm so transported I forgot my Duty. bg {|

My Wife! my Zucians! I present this Man, c 'T

Whose matchless Worth deserves all Honour. '
Bel. You make me blush, e te Os never |
dere | | AY
Ludo. Brother! you'll excuse | hn |

This my Neglect to hold thee in my Arms.

Amends to make, I recommend my Friend,

Most worthy to contract thy Love.

Anto. Sir, I shall study to — your Value,

And bope to have a Place in your Esteem. 1
Bel. The Brother of my Friend is near my Heart

That Tye bespeaks a Place, and plants you bere. | I
Ludo. Brother, —— | 1

Pray conduct my Friend, where he may refresh -

His wearied Limbs; for we have traveil'd hard. = |
III follow on this Instant. Belville, this Lady Y 1
Shall be your Guide. Fair Cousin, pray Touche Y
My Friend your Hand. 5555 4

Selliada. This is the Way, Sir.— 2 L
Ludo. Now, noẽw-w + » 11 {Exit Bellville, Mon-
My Luciana, let me ref bes "ranio, Antonio = 1 3
close; ; ITS +gElinda;} -Manet Lu. 7 }
Closer yer, that my poor beat- dovico and Lale by
ing Heart may

Pant and flutter to thy Faithful Borg ;Ob1 11
My Wife, my . oys are to Excess ! F Lk A 4
Thine — feel each hone un 3 „

To the . Musick! in my of TH +7
Luciana. Thou dearest, best Cs of I King "A
Fain would I speak the Trans] ports, of my Soul; 1
But wanting Words, must Murmur c out my 4 4

Ludo. Was ever Man so blest to love, and be
jov'd to such Excess! Who would not bear
ast Ine Toils and Pains I have past for this Reward ? - ”
| 4 now forget the Hardships of W 3

8 get the Dangers of destructive War.;

> more remember thy cruel Father's Ysage:. -»
drget he turn'd thee out for N
ding mine, to all the bitter Scorn of

Nie Malicious World. He gave thee Nothing but
irses for thy Portion; but Love shall tuin

Niem every one to Joys: He knew the rich Mass

SF Bleflings thou hadst brought, which made him let

ever 1 jose Want to rage betwixt us, and to damp

Luciana. Alas! my Lord, your Absence did not
mitigate ann TUtnicg mo vil
Anger. He still continued cruel.

the last; no Tenderness, no Pity + 'E

eafast Will, he quite forgot the Love he bore
Wy Mother, and all the Pains and Labour
eat I cost her ere I viewed the Light,
ad made. him Father. When in the Pan of 255

ithout a Parent's. Blesing; Oh my Grief!
pend, th 9

oops on the Reflectien of his harden d :. 4
D hg þ thy more than Filial Duty and Submission
4 IK , 8 A

1 nted all the Sharpness of his Curse:

he Fortune + the War a een Er erous,

nnd so Propitious to our Faithful Love, [I
hat tho' I left thee a poor needy Wretch, |
8 ipt x all by the Decree of Fortune; -

i hing but my Sword to cut my Way,
and purchase Food and Raiment for thy Beauties,

on-. orable in Death he left me

T'now ;ean raise thee to thy former See.
Of Grandeur and of Ease, from which thou ers]
To wed the Man, whose-Portion was his. Honour. 1
Lucians. My Lord, I had rather chuse the —
ful Pleasures
If Of some Ruya! Place, where undifturb'd |
I may enjoy your Love free from the State -
And Anxieties of Courts, where Years are |
Spent in Equipage and Show, and Life in
Fancy'd Joys is dreamt away; where Pride broods
On Ambition, and hatches ils from he |
Imperious Rage, that wastes Mankind more 1 5
Than Malignant Air. I fear Greatness is
Will rob me of your wish'd for Sight, and. =
I-shall often weep a Widow'd Mourner 55 1 Ge
By your painful Absence. 2

Ludo. Trust me, my Soul; - - v7
T had rather spend with thee each Hour of Lite. — =
Than be the Monarch of the Conquer'd World; 1
Where, stretcht out by the Silver Streams, 1
I might repeat each Day my constant Vows
Of Everlasting Love, and breath my Bliss
Upon thy Fragrant Bosom. But yet it
Cannot be; for my Prince, involv'd in Wies, |
Commands my Aid : And/ when he calls, Right he
Claims my Duty. So that a few Days past © BM
I must to Camps and fighting Fields return, 4 4

on: gr , 2

n * * - ö 5 IFSC * \ — — = *
* 5 X 1 8 n 4 as 0 _ * r
7 — bp PX . A , . —_— & » ww" 5 - — <4
1 222 Die 1. 6 Fi — _ 4 © * C wp Wh A 8
4 bt * a © —— of
——ů En ů—t — — : — —
3 4 — - oy — — — — — - pu
— * x A I _ 4 oo — — nn
m4 — — a —— — — — —

Where Sanguine Youths for Love of G ass: pe Z

_ — 2 ah e Rae — Arme
eaves the rou ar for eauties Army's; 4
ike him, to 1 uus, *hus T Hf N =

hus clasp. thee fast,” thus on n hy: 33 le, „ 4

Diffolv* ay in me ang bagging all A

Of _ Freafures rsake rhee more. .

Debate rg ACT.

* 14 34 40 * 2 4 Sig!
1 IA 10 0% 2915 TOE
#: *4 FF * 7. - FF; WV Saf L
7 ' * LE Bid 18924 272 9 e
a T3 3 * 4 Fa * :

edt omar ie 5] 3 ie
- # + a „14a 4c ft Ss + * 4,5 ass 2

ACT I. SCENE 1.

enter Luciax A. and. SELIND A

Scene, 4 Garden,

Y Luci gon * 5 me, 8 als me
XI key” 3 Anguish fits upon oY

in th 1. id — 1 read Dis leasure. 5 115 3
4 has Wg the Throne —— — should ein)

ne more than common Cause has surely broken
wonted Fortitude; and Reason, that us 'i
shine like a Superior Star, to guide

v seems o'er-cast by this new Clout of Woe.
Y 0 conjure thee, by the Sacred Tyes 2 Y
gen'rous Love, to ter me know the Tf orments
thy distrated Soul.

Grief,

0 hast duch moving Sorrows of thy own ?
how the Loathing that makes thy finer Soul
en whene'er Antonio does address 3
Beauty; and yet, if thou obey'st

y Father's Will, thou rt Ido! T to Taka Viki 1
Phis Love.
linda Avert it, Heaven! 1 15
ert that Corse, that T mould ever þ bor
2 e Wretched Partner of his' sooty Breast;
2 9 at is my last Aversion! I av

A nuch I hate him, that I had Father lus 11
boufands Lives, than live within his Arms.

wi. ; 3 Luciana: Tho' I must own, for Reasons of a > Natur.
r to be reveal'd, ———— x
cannot claim a Sister 8 Love "ARA me: 78
t it amazes, and puzzles much my, udgment, $

che '$ w

ve — take Possession of a Soul so delt.

ee through the gloomy Darkness of be =

Wt, mould 1 load: and free thee wit

gory pay

8 find from whence such Hate an og Aversion:

Os. IS. AS r

Selinda, Tu tell thee then; e're yet he

disclos'd, 5
Or giv'n me Reason to suspe& his Passion,
J was, as often it had been my Custom,
2 the Noon of Day retired to avoid
The parching Heat to yonder Shady Grove:
He, unperceiv'd by me, had trac'd my Steps
Into that Covert; where on a verdant Bank
I lay careless; my Flowing Robes all loose,
The better to receive — SD SA
The Fresh'ning Breezes of the Balmy Wind.
IT had not long continu'd in this Posture,
But an approaching Noise furpriz'd my Ears:
I suddenly-turn'd back, and with Confusion
Beheld Antonio now so near, that ere
I could rise up, he had thrown himself along,
And caught me in his Arms. I struggl'd hard 3
To get loose, but all in vain; for out-mast'ring ⁵⁶ü
My feeble Staength, he held me fast, in spire f ³
My Frowns and Cries, with-vamanly,. brutal.. Ph
Violence, attempted. my Dishonour. 2
But kind Heaven, still to Innocence propitious,
Arm' d me for my Defence; for in the Struggle,
His Dagger, falling just within my Reach, 3
J caught it up, and with my Arm extended.
T hreatn'd, unless he: let me go, to strike it
Home to his Heart. n T3
When finding me so fix'& to guard my Honour, nl
He loos'd me from his Hold. '
Luciana. O happy Turn! | +421; - .
Selinda. With that ITose; and lestt Ml
He might renew his vile attempted Purpose,
I fnarch'd: the short Interval of my Fate, 1
And flew away, wing d by my Fears; _ TI
And thus was rescu'd from the threatning Danger
No more do wonder at thy Hate; the Villain ü
Noth deserve thy utmost Seorn. Each Moment.
Thar he lives, he breeds such Crimes, that cry for
Vengeance from the Hand of Heaven; my Nati
Shrinks and startles at his odious Sight!

He's my Antipatby 5 methinks 1 meet 1

ie b illing to do a Service, tis a subtle Bait

> catch the credulous Soul that trusts him.
hene're he smiles, his Heart is forming Ills ;
Wi black Designs, by which he means to deal.
Wru&ion to the Wretch that will believe him:
all the Joys my most low d Lord brought, with

all the Transports of his Welcome Sight,
er the tedious Absence of five Tears,
nt in the Hazards of uncertain War:
Soul, that ought to mount with this new Bliss,
cho borne up by all this Flood of Pleasure,
s underneath a strange unusual Weight,
Heaviness uncommon fits upon it..
nd. My dearest Friend be chearful; give a Loose
| 53; a0d banish Sorrow from thee. Why shouldst
IF thou |
of ginary Cares and painted Nis |
Fancy draws to trouble and affright thee ?

every Sense was lost in balmy Slumbers,
oought my Curtains with Violence
» back, and to my Eyes disclos d 25
angry Shadow of my poor dead Father : -
Brow was furrow'd into piercing Frowns;

pF: fix d a while his steady View upon me.
n in a dreadful Tone he seem' d to say,

ia the Earth, that thou shalt

gen a

Rn. to thy Disobedi e.—— |
po I am dead, my Curses still pursue thee, -

a drive thee. now near to the utmost! Verge -

thy untimely. Fate! UE £127, 20

scape the Veny

Fate when he approaches. If he seem .

AY Wd with uneasy Cares, and droop with Grief, "7

ins. I can't deface from out my Memory --
» FF lm preflion that last Night a Dream stampt un me,
„ e fter I was lain down to Repese.

ige stern, his Eye-balls red and sparkling;
3 whence fell Anger, flash d like blasting Light.

a not vain Wretch, that tho my Bones are laid

drawing then a Dagger, em d t approach, hy 1

Mr Ora — ; 2; . .
n . Or Bn.” wr 4 K hin & = 2
0 ——————— peace A

EE, 4 a5
Still nearer to me, I swifcly-turn'd to seek + -
Protection in my Husband's Arms; when Io!
Methought J grasp'd thy Fahrt
With this new Horror struck, I then awak' d,
Full e ee TY phe i |
Caus'd by the Terrors of this dreadful Dream.
Selinda, Why dost thou suffer empty Pangs «©
T' oppress:thy-Peaceful Thou
That waking Cares create; the Sport of Fancy,
Which dances, stil] unfelt, its Antick Rounds,
And with some Comick, or some solemn Tale,
Diverts, or pains the Passive Fetter d Senses.
Let us then dwell no more upon this Head;
Quit the vain Tragedies of festless Slumbers,
And tune your Soul to all the Notes of Joy, . _
That Truth and Love can give you in your Husband
But see, the gallant Bellville moves this Way *
Behold with what a Port he does approach!
See how each Motion adds new Graces to him
Luciuna. Indeed he has a most Commanding Air,
nt oh! take Care Selinda!. let not Fondness
Ido soon give up thy easy Heart a Prey =
To Vows unsure! Men are by Nature prone _=

To Falshood; and our Ruin; with weeping Eyes

And bended Knees they swear, they beg, they flatter

For that Joy, which gain'd, tho' from a Nymph, i
As fresh —. blooming as a budding Rose; 2

Like a cropt Flower, she's thrown negleCted from hin
mae BELVILLE. .

So Sir, you're early up, considering —©
The great Fatigues of Yesterday's hard Travel.
Belville. Fair One, a Soldier's Life is still inurd .
By frequent Marches in the Active Field, 3
To daily Toil, andthort and broken Slumbers,
In which Hour the drowzy God infuses ! ' lp
Refreshment stronger than in Courtiers Dreams,
In pompous Palaces, and on Beds: of Dow nm.

hts? Dreams are th

But he that flumbers, when such Beauty (wakes 10 Cc

To tread the Dew, and taste the Morning Air,
Must be a very Sluggard. . 1
So bright you shine, that you outvie the Morning;
Tho' clad in Robes, wove by the Hand of Nature,
In all the various Hue, of Plants, and Flowers;
hat render gay and fragrant now the Spring.

8 0 Selinda. You must not flatter; Soldiers are sincere,

eie are acquainted with. our little Worth: f
* (ET he Beauties you describe in Courts may shine ;
it we are home-bred Natives of the Country.” |

[Luciana goes. off as farther into the Garden,

Bellville. How can you thus prophane your Beauty?
dure partial Nature, when she form d such Charms,
2) as biass'd by some strange, unusual Bribe,
n you to lavish thus, with Hand profuse,
he Beauties, that a thousand might adorn ! 47
ME $c/;n4s. I did not think, when first I spoke with
anc _ Justice, . : |
f my own Want of Worth, to wear these Blushes,
our Flattery has rais d. 2
Bellville. How can I flatter those bright matchless

ir. harms so exalted — _ (Eyes?

Have peirc'd my very Soul: My Heart with Joy
$65 fill'd at your Approach; and, whilst I gaze
pon that Face, my thrilling Blood runs thin,

es nd strange unusual Pleasures dwell within me.

» surprize, :

„ut that I know, the Gallants of this Age

hin Think, chat we thus expect to be address d:

elieving it a Duty still incumbent

3 Upon themselves thus to protest and vow

ter Selinds. Such Language from a Stranger wou d

o every Fair they know. But, Sir, you might

Have spar'd this Gallantry without Disgust.
Bellville. By Love, and all that's glorious !
d "Wy Honour too! I swear, that what I utter

nothing but the Truth i the Truth unfeign'd, >

nd sacred, as the dying Martyrs Breath !
ov d you yet unknown; and when any Friend,
„ peaking of his Wife, wou d give Descriptions + +
of A bright early Beauties, my Heart, on fire,
Confest your Fav'c with Cymipathetich Papgs EE",

Unseen

— 2 — ä WC W—Y K— p — nw —

5 Unseen you conquer'd, but your present Charms,

And still pursue, wit

Will you agree to plunge your precious Life
In helpless Misery and lasting Woe;

No! it must not, cannot be! Whit Lhave Life,

With a resistless Force confirms my Thraldom.
Selinda. I little did expect this Treatment, Sir,
from you! 55 2%
Nor can my easy Faith believe you real.
But be it so, or not, I must inform you,
My Father has design'd me for another.
And tho' I boldly own I hate his Choice,
My Vertue yet forbids that I should lend
A willing Ear to any Talk of Love,
Without his Approbation first obtain'd.
If then you do expect I shou'd not shun —_
The Place at your Approach, no more of Love.
Bellville. Recal, recal that rash and hasty Sentence
I cannor bear the dreadful killing Sound: mn
For to forbid me speak of Love, islike k
Denying Groans to the poor Wretch, whose Limbs
Extended on the Rack, weep Drops of Blood
From every tortur'd Pore. —- = 3
He cou'd as soon obey; as I nor love, 8 1
an unwearied Passion. =
I cannot live, and see the Nuptial Torch
Light all those Beauties to a Rival's Bed,
In blind Obedience to the harsh Decree,
Form'd by the stubborn Will of Testy Age.

By wedding one yourself confess you hate ? —

And draw this vital Air, I must forbid _ 1
The Banns! O give me Leave to love whilst yet
there's Hope, Fair eat tre, =
E're Fate has drawn the direful Bar betwixt us.
Do bur avow my Right, and F11 maintain it;

And like a Noble Conquest bear you off A
In spight of all our Foes. Mn

Selinda. I must not hear you, nor consent to ought yaa
Destructive of my Duty. Kind Heav'n perhaps |
May bring Relief when least ir is expedce.
But see, this Idle Talk has drawn my Cousin
From us. This Way, and we snall join her; for
Yonder 1 chink Qlie fits beneath the Shade 0

f those tall spreading Poplars that do grow
pon the Margin of yon 1 Stream.

Enter Antonio a they go off.

Tis wondrous well! | Ih ;
Vhat my young boisterous Brave, are you so quick?
Iready to invade another's Right?

WW mark'd her too; tho' she forbid his Love,

hc fem'd much pleas'd with all his subtle Stories.

Wy Heav'n twas rank Encouragement, to own

er Hate to me !. that promis d him Success.

hou infolent vain Girl, this Insult o'er,

y Love shall cost you dear! Oh some lucky
Thought! 11 £2
o drive them all upon a-sure Destruction!

mbs vat makes Selinda with such Haste to leave —-

nn [Selinda crosses the Upper Part of the Stage.
8 //vi!le and. my Sister ? My Brother too! |
banks my kind Stars, that opportunely send
7 A im now they re alone. He's hot and violent,
Honour nice, and in his Love exceflive.
will be jealous on the least Suspicion. +»
dw for a Piece of Art to pour the Venom
Weep into his Joys! | „
Por Leudovico! alas! Unhappy Brother!
by honest Heart can little think her False !
er, Arts impose upon thy Gen'rous Nature!
Fho' long I thought her Ioose, yet nel er till now
* * 1 $5 kao. - -
yet Lugo. Antonio! _ : Aside.
arte. Ha! so nig! [4
Where's my Wife?
s. Brother, you interrogate, as tho'I
Pere her Guard? Why don't you rather ask
Fourse!f that Question 7
ght Past happy Night! close folded in your Arms?
Ludo. Well, and what then?
Arto. Then I must conclude, * |
arly, as it was, you left her tir'd out

1 * ' * * "Ih. 4 4» * > .

Exit, leading her.

Lay not she all jast Night,

With mutual Joys, to seek for some Refreshment
In a soft Morning Slumber. _ + :
Tua. Why dost thou thus belye and mock me?
Dally not with my Rage: Did I not hear thee pity
The Wrongs J suffer d? speak of cursed Falshoods ?
Falshoods 8 known to Thee? I do conjure thee,
ch Lale, | : 5 1
Remove those Horrors which by thee are tais'd,
And by thee only can be clear'd ! let nor
My Soul be tertur'd on the Rack of Doubt.
Safe, ease my Pains, and tell me what dire Cause
Cou'd make thee thus hold Converse with thy seif,
And pity Wrongs which are to me unknown
Anto. $ ince you've o'er-heard me; Denial wou
de vain, +» Rd on rene dd

But do not urge me to disclose a Secret; __ =
Which, tho' but trifling, when once known may rob
Your Soul, for ever, of its Rest and Peace! ü
Perhaps I too may be mistaken. .
My partial Love to you may make me censure
Too rashly, deeming Gallantries, as Crimes,
The Modish Errors of that fickle Sex. Wo
Besides, tis better to remain in Dcubt,
Fhan to be certain of an evil Fate. =
Tado. No! let me know the Worst, 9
My unkind Stars can cast upon my Joys: B
For 'tis less Pain to endure the Blows of Fortune,
And fall beneath the quick oppreffi ng Weight, - _-
Than still to languish in an hateful Boubt.
To linger out a Wretehed Life, and be *© -
The Slave of Fear. If thou didst ever love
Thy wretched Brother, strait disclose the whole
Of all thy Knowledge; for tho thy Tales shou'd be
So horrid, as wou'd make the Damn'd to shudder, ©
In their Pains, it could not be so dreadful, ©
As what Imagination now does form.
Ante. Why, since you'll have it,. '* |
Thus then, t =_

o* with ReluQancy, tis you wring
The Matter from me. I believe you Wrong d,
And that your Wife keeps not inviolate
The(Hymenial Tye ; and much I fear; © © fc
She Thinks but lightly of her Honcur.

I Zu. Enough, — No more; A yer thou
e? dost not draw
Barely Conclusions from fach doubtful Acts,
ods? hat only raise Surmizes, that she's false ;

ut hast by ocular Proofs th' unerring Knowledge
df her di{loyal Looseness, speak it out,

nd kill mk with the most detested Sound:

o I at oncE shall lose both Life and Shame.
Anto. I can assert no diref Knowledge;

ut often J have seen the Young Bellario

seif. private gaze on her, till fierce Desire 5
ini d in his Cheeks, and sparkled in his Eyes.
„ou nt then with eager Arms he grasp'd her close,
— oy warm Kisses on her ruddy Lips:

| 3 cryd, my Angel! my Life! my Soul!
rob A /by am I thus half blest'* 2 chus half in Raptures?

hen shall I lose myself in the fierce Joys, |

WT hich full Possession of such Beauty gives?

WV bile she resisting, but to raise Desire,

nswer'd, — Oh never! I must not; nay, I dare not

reak the firm Vows Lat the Altar made

o him, who now commands me as his Wife.

Ludo. What was this more, than once? Did she ain

ontinue to admit his Visits after —

his Presumption?

aus. Seldom a Dye LN
Pot they wou d be together. (guis d,

If this be Truth, and Tyan that's undis-

N =P y Heav:n, the just Ayer 2 of such N 18

Pe's foul, and false a8 243 0

e. You doubt me len gots e .
ve Zelle ve it not; what i is all this to me?

cu are my Brother; and our House © F881 4

S Feing thus 7 * d, engag d my just Ooh, ö

9 8 it not. so, 4 Fu mig might be {till the Mirth, 4

Word each p tin Fool, ereT af #9

Lo 'd turn Informer 1 a Woman's Gambols:” >

On . 2 wich thou didst belye het?

N- that tho ps ast flo. Motive. Tis too true;

y Forehead's mark'd for allto'view'my Shame? bh
Blaeta have I lov'd her, that had I ©

ms that wou'd buy the Wealth of all the = Wh 4

Ta g FY att, and be expos'd a Beggar,

To Told. and Hunger, and every sharp

Severity of Want; could I by such .

A Bribe translate her Soul to primitive

Perfection. But that can never be

Within the Adamantine Folds of Fate

She is recorded Whore! Oh Infamy! ,

Never to be eraz'd ' Antonio, 2 A Tale,

Like Venom, does invade m art; it chases ,

From my sick Soul all bes” Thoughts of Joys!

Peace flies me now for ever ! |

Ny Passions all unfetter'd are in Uproat,
Rebellious to the gentle Sway of Reason ;

Love, Fury, Hate, and fell Revenge by Turns,

Vsurp my Breast, and with Viciflirude _

Of wild esolves, shake my unsettled Soul.

Anto. No more of this vain Tumult of the Mind

For why should'st thou distract thy injur'd Self
For a vile Woman? You have us d * nobly,
With the most gentle and _— ent Temper,
And exquisite ree of tender Passions,
As wou'd have fore d the best Returns of ,
Did any Sense of Gratitude remain.
Consider then, with what a Jetty Dy

Her Soul's discolour'd. Your Fond ains b arise

From the Remains of Love; tho strongly hock'd, 1 -”

He still wou'd keep Posse on : Be 3
Mean to have Eat, call up Indign
— om him now he's 1 — wo ol,

with a brave Resolve for ever cast her from) Gu 4
Lade. I will, I must, the' still this Heart of mine t
This treacherous Heart, pleads gh, in her . 1

And ers my Resolves. luxout, ®

Ants. But soft! the comes
With Bellwille, Hand in Hand ! lets

Fe we re poreehn', | behind rhe. = e, 1

89 a for as I sul
what I over- . MET 8 ;
2 rong'd by him l 5 ES ;

Enter „ Bett in. heading Lucians.

Belluille. Madam, as I have » 34M
form'd you, I grew enamour d from out
usband's 1 ongue, and eatch'd the Flame from
such Charms. - (Rumour
Luciana, As I ellos. 8 re Noble,
u'll find in me one, that is not backward
hee Courtesies: My Favour, Sir, you
ed not ask, but may command.
Bellville. 1 thank you, Madam. [Exit Trading ber.

Ludovico and Antonio appear.

do. Furies: and DistraQion ! !
is all Illusion; for tis impossible
What Be#vile can turn Fiend; and thus break through
e sacred Band of Friendship : ! to follicir,
so short a Knowledge, m Feichle Wire
3 = unbridl'd Motions of his Lust ? 4
„ bre es, your Ears, are — chat
] s Fa 15
My Senses then are Trayrors, .
in a thousand — — he e — rv
k d, me his Life, and b Ads, has
” 2 cast withi — yp as Mould.

the rich Stock of. Virtue that adorn'd him.
now no more, but all consum'd for ever!
y the RefleQions of a Woman Eyes
ae ank thee, Fortune f: tis some Comfort yet,
Fri 1 o strike thus Home, and not to let me linger g
out, hated Life in odious Doubts and Pains, \ *

Mt why as quite with this new op Woe
50 1 E. ome,grieve no more: "tis like « puling Girl.

should rather vent his Wrongs in |
4 Hen e of, it ih che Right a e
1 3 ws Bed? wy *
Vithout che K een of 2 7 pig. 7 *
ua. dunn hast 8 Au 1 ea A
unn d with the taft of Fate. "ey

Ves, I now feel the Smart of Wrongs: FH ”
They sting, they:urge my furious Soul to Vengeance: s
Let us to my Apartment, where we'll sic

In dreadful Council,

To find out Tortures that shall want a Name.
For sure there can be none, as yet in Nature,
Cruel enough to match with their Deserts. |

Antonio Flut.
80 he s sir d, as T could with ;. everry thing com.

bines
To work my Fortune to its long'd for Height. 4
How pleasant tis to see them thus to drive, 8
Like Ships on hidden Rocks; while the calm Surface
Smiles to the Eye, yet sinks them in Destrudtion
Religious Fools, that feed on barren Virtue, |
And mortify in Hopes of future Joys, *
Were the Wh. to know: these Deeds, wou 'd. call me

But let *em rail, with Pain their Life destroy, 4
And sow. with Grief, in Hopes to reap. with Joy;
Whilst I possess each Bliss, that swift flies,

And leave to them Reversions in the Skies.

The 1 the Stem ACT. |

a WF *
fab r.

[ Exit.

EEE W 3 +;

An Hemet in 1 0. Haus, Anon
4 n and Sclinda.; werting. c 01 3

Ae. PHanks, my. Kind: Stars, that 60800 .

R * a bers" Leave, 3 git
n private here to Pais LY 02 541
How long, en Fair © we! a

ue „e v4

And languish ain ?. V
W 7 the Frau FN in

anc e *

mont n, I'm nor furptiz d to hear thee laugh at

J ith Woman's Wiles you Ri divertmy Story.
erz so fright me with afond Tale =»

f such a Mass of Treasure. —— « HOY
by were your Beauties (I confess them great) 1
ong, that bright zgygprion's, for whose Sake

he doating Anebony once lost the World?

T ie Sacred Ordination of Religion:
t 15 that Curse of the abandon'd Fool
Lo boast of Freedom in the vilest Bands;

ird by the Force of such resistlef Charms
Selinds. Thus brutal Souls still varnish o'er their

Guilt, 5

nd shelter odious Vice, as black as Hell, | 8
neath such harmless and such soothing Words,

5 steal upon uncautious Innocence, |
nd with their false Appearance ruin Vertue.
hose Arts are vain with me, Abhor'd Antonio
as it a venial Crime in your Esteem,

o watch my unguarded Moments of Retiremnt,
r from all Help in those remoter Shades ?

o seize my Person, with unmanly Force,

o strive to violate my Virtue, Honour,

aal that can be dear to Woman-kind ?

tempt no more the Justice of high Heav'n, -

ose speedy Vengeance must o'ertake thy Crimes!

hus, when I mention Love,

urge mx
Passion, |

blins, Ghosts; of Vertue, and of Honour Þ |

Nurses still and awe their wayward Children?
ese are IIlusions of a sickly Brain: 2
eme, come, cast off those vain Pantasti

more your self, and give a Loose to Love.

hat were a Sin indeed, to rob Mankind 4

noble Price I offer for the Purchase,
hen I — my glorious Liberty, |

d, like a Slave, vouchsafe to drag your Chain,
he Marriage Noose is not so wondrous ea).

icentious Roving, and a flavish Vielding

ck Ars

bat would you hoard up Beauty, as fond Misers bp
ee their Gold, and make it wholly useless?

To every Insult of unbridled Appetite,
Falsely assumes that noble Name of Freedom.
To rule our Passions makes us truly fre.
Anto 2 more of this; but crown me with your,
e . ee
Nay frown not so, but with a wanton Smile, |
And melting Kiss from those soft Coral Lips,
For ever seal me yours. SOL
Selinda. Stand off Away! 8
Least thou pollute me with th infecting Touch;
Thou Lump of IIs! void of each Spark of Honour
Whose grovelling Soul can fawn, and. yet pursue,
Tho' with repeated Taunts. each Day 1 spurn .
Thee from my Presence, ————
Know that I hate, detest, abhor the Thought
Anne. And I return your Hate witli treble Malice
Since you disdain my Love; but know, proud Maid
Fpite of this Infolence, thou shalt be mine. E |
by Father's Approbation seals thee mine
1@-tho' I scorn d thee more, than ere 1:lov-d,
of thy Tears F'll wed theez ——
With wanton Pride I'll drag thee to my Bed.
Oh! what 3 Joy ! what Rapture shall I find,
To see the drooping, faint, with unavailing
Streggles, fall down, and pant for Breath. MY:
Then with Revenge I'll seize thee as my, Prey,..
Explode and ravish all thy hidden Charm: ml
Then, if in all thy Bitterness of Soul,
Thy fbrc'd Aversion make thee howl aloud,
By Heaven! 'twill raise my Transport! - 3
Be husnt, my eart ! and stifle all thy
I smile at thy vain Malice, and scorn thy Threats. I
I know my Duty, and the Right of. Parent;
That just Obedience I shall ever pax. =
But-Piety forbids :/ nor shall the World combi d,
Ei er drag me to the Bed of such a Monster. :

[Exit (

7 4s Et

Antonio ;solus.

e's gone, and darted Fury from her Eyes!

t spite of all her Rage I will enjoy hee...

ere comes my Stalking-Horse,my Fool, my Drudge;
him securely I sow my Mischiefs, 3

your

nd plant Destruction.

3 Enter Montanio.
© unt. What are those Hopes, Antonio, which you
whisper'd ?. |

ickly disclose the Way I may possess her;

every Minute, that I live, Desire

ows stronger, and more unconquerable. :
nice Heart is all on fire; I'm all o'er Flames!

uns. Let prudent Patience check th' impetuous
Fierceness, 8

hich only can oppose your Love's Success.
r you may hope, may be assur d to have her.
RW. Oh! if those Hopes have not the surest

Grounds, -
fold their Weakness, that I may despair,
id end my unutterable Pain, and die? =
10. Yes, you shall die, receive, and die again!

ready I have sir'd Ludovico's Breast,
d such a Veil drawn o'er her spetless Honour,

ich Jealousies, and Rage, to be most fou.

thy one. How do's that avail? or help my Passion? -

Ain First it takes off her Evidence against us.

IS. ll is suspecked coming from the Tongue ' ©

WE the SuspeQed; he'll no Credit give © a
* 1 thing, that she can charge us with.

d, ien Jarrs, like these, will cool her Love to him.

er main Guard routed thus, her Vertue soon

Ex: ou bmits to a new Passion; for Vertue |

eas che Field lane.

A105; 2 Ho Aid aids nogy ien wonls hn f

122 et 10 bis del z +o Hs.

1 be with Transports in her Arms. *

hat she appears to him, whose Eyes are dimd -

Mont. My Antonio, oh! let — * _ hos close !
Thou dear Preserver of my Love!
How I adore. thy #7: * apt "this 2 .

Anto. bets while, tea bir, F take this. onde

To make you ha y, I am myself accurs'd.
Selinda, Deaf to all your ftri& Commands;
Deaf to my Tears, and all my Vows, flies from n
And with obdurate Hate rejeas my Love,
unt. She dares notdifobey me.
Then be thou happy, for tis fix d, as Fate,
The Morning sees er thine.
III instantly prepare her to thy utmost Wish.
Ano. By e

dovico
Posture. Wy
Mliusick or = 5

The softest Musick cannot sweeten Sorrow,
Nor lull to rest such Miseries as mine.

ting kau in 4 melanie

The glorious Sun, that views unha py Morals, | J b J

And with its Light brings the revolving Day,
Sees not a Wretch, in all his rapid Course,
So curst as Il so void of every Hope
Ppy.! —— never shall be happ more!

— be happy more? —— Tis the Curse of Heli

To lose al Hope of ever bein |

Tho yer on Earth I crawl a ene Being,

My tortur'd Soul: anticipates Da n. 5 5

Oh Luciana FP |
TEES Enter Luciana.

Lact ans. Why carr thou on me e with a Sound *
mournful! |

The perfect Accent of Ware deb 2 evi rad
e fly you thus, my most lov'd Lord, my Am
NE: row your {elf upon this bleak, cold Ground,

Qful of your Health, and of yourLife, 1

rant you bind me yours for ever 1

loge: axe ro the Stn, di scovers 4

That is to me so precious? Rise, rise, my Lord,
et ther let me know: the Cause, that, on a sudden,
as given thee up to Grief in this Excess.
Ludo. Oh oh! Fez: 5 22
Luciana, What mean these heaving Sighs, that
swell your Bosomp m __
ad. whence that rueful Groan, as if your! Heart |
ere breaking e e TH Burst of Woe:
peak, speak, my Love, and let me have my Share
f every Torment that distracts thy Soul.
Ludo. Stand off! be gone! leave me yon had best!
Luciana. Oh ! my sweet Love! what Means this
Harshaesh % e IG
Wo your poor loving, fond, and faithful Wife?
hat have I done ? that thus m banissi d from you?
Lade. Dissimulation! damn'd Dissimulation
hou act my Wife. e
W uy dear Lord, your faithful, loving

o. Then I have wondrous Cause of Grief and
5 5 Sor OW. | Z 18
emembrest thou the Day, that we were wed 7
ecians. Ah! my Lord, it stands recorded in my
bat happy Hour sure I shall ne er forget.
r why that Question ? why this clouded Brow ?
is furious Look? | 1

Ludo. Because I'm born to curse

he Day that join'd us. i
Luciana. Alas! —— And I do live to hear you
[+ own it? 4 : 1
it again,. . .. |
hat do you curse that Day for? If Tm grown
WP Burthen, 'twill be kind to kill me 3
ich the repeating of such Words, as those. '
r. 8 d dy Day that join'd us, and dons» -
bly curs f | ETOP. + #
nd he Hour first I view'd those fatal Charms!

hat first betray d me to thy hated Bed!
it be blotted from all the Records
mf devouring Time! Or if it must remain,

Luciana.

Luciana. Oh cruel Man!

Oh! unkind Ludovic! —— ch? tis too nick !

[ Faints,
Lude. She seems to faint ! —— but this is but meer
Dissimulation all! the common Trick, (Art;
Learnt by that faithless Sex to practise on us,
To fool Mankind. Come, come, you can't impose
On me. How ! Breathless and pale !

And Dewy Drops! These are strange Appearances! |

Burt these may be the Effect of being discover d.
Beit as it will, I cannot see her thus.
Spite of my Wron gs, my Tenderness returns:

I'll call for Aid, and fetch her back to Life, — Hi nll

None near ? This Distance from the House
Will be her Death! Ha! she revives !

Luciana. Away ll away! why do you hold me thus X

Keep off, and give me Room ! Oh! let me die!
Oh! cruel Man! to call my havering Soul
Down from those Orbs of Peace and Innocence,
To which it was full on the Wing to soar! *
What mult it still re-animate this Clay,
To bear more Pain? to feel yet sharper Woe ?
Tudb. To see her thus a

think
She did express a real, not ated Sorrow ?

ited, who would not 4 |

„n 7 If bed FE 29 by

Bur oh ! the Wiles of that false treacherous Sex, I
Inform them when to smile, to frown, look pleas d, 3

or sad;
Open the Sluices of their Eyes, to sed

Out Floods of Tears, without the Taste of Sorrow. |

They shape their Looks to serve their present Turn.
Luciana. My Lord! my Life thus I embrace

your Knees, -

And beg you, as you hope Forgiveness,
Whene'er you're called to audit your Account
Before a dread Tribunal: Tell ! oh |. tell me what
Has rais'd your Wrath against me, your Luciana!
To this Degree, to throw her from your Bosom
As a detested Creature?

Ludo. 3 wou d seem i ignorant of what vou

„Na ve too well thou know'st the Cursed Ce
Luciana.

] Luciana. By all the Love I bear you then I do not.
Ludo. The Love thou bear'st me? —— Excellent
Strumpet |

Art: Luciana. How my Lord? |

i Luce. Hast thou not sold thy Honour?

Hast thou not branded me with Shame and Scandal?
Robb'd me of all my Peace of Soul on Earth?
For the short Joys of an Adulterous Moment?
Luciana. Choak me not, Rage; .
Im so confounded, I know not what to answer;
My Lord, for Modesty, if not for Pity,
- 1.6 You might use gentler Terms to a Woman,
EW ho dares the World to blast her Fame, or Honour;
Lo tax her with a Breach of Duty to you, — _
ca bear, my Lord, I can bear much from you:
But you provoke me in so high a Nature,
WT shall not soon forgive, tho on your Knees
Perhaps you may request ir.
Ludo. Infolent ! —— what . |
Guilty and threaten ? brave me to my Face ? ——
ln not yet ripe for Vengeance, or I. would
Tear out thy Eyes, those gloating Ministers

Of Lust: Rip up thy Heart, and lay it
open to view. 5 |
But tho! my Vengeance is deferr'd, yet _— 2.
Tuciana. What can be the Cause of all this Rage?
We Of all this Whirlwind Tempest in his Soul? |
When I look inwards to my inmost Thoughts,

View their whole Bent, and all their Actions past,
mo Leennot find, ev'n one, in all the Records |

Of my Memory ; no not one wandring Thought
To justify this most inhumane Treatment. |
Antonio sure has poison'd his dear Judgment;
Ferverted Reason. by some hellish Tale
= 2 gainst my Honour and unsullied Vertue!
F keys. ge I = 3 = boots not,

ear Lord estrang' eve

Im too surely Wretched / 2 .

Eurer

Enter Selinds.

Selinds. My Luciana, the insolent _
Secure beneath my Father's partial Will,
Boasts he will force me to his cursed Bed.
But ha! * 1 mean these Tears? these rending
ighs?
These various Symptoms of nden N Woe?
Sure Grief this Day is grown a general Evil,
And stalks in Triumph o'er this wretched House,
I mer thy Husband even now, with hasty Steps,
With diseompos'd and most distracted Air;
And on his Face a pensive Sadness sat.
What can this mean?
Luciana. Oh my Selinda !
These Tears don't slow upon a trivial case
My Husband ! —— Oh my Husband'!
Selinda. Say, what of him!
Vnlcad thy Grief into my faithful Bosom : 3
Griefs shar'd between two Fiiends may Tightee „

Then 4 not thus, but give thy Sorrows vent.
Luci. Shame and Rage prevent me.
Seli. Stifle thy Sighs, and mitigate thy Griefs. 1
Luci. Never ! never ! would thaw believe it,
Friend ? 1
Sell. What? _
Luci. That he shou'd use melike a 1 8
That p pawns her Soul to please her odious Lud 1 ?
Sl. "What did he do?
Luci. He call'd me Strumpet.
Seli. Sure he did nor!
Luci. Indeed he did, in Anger.
Call'd me Strumpet, and curs'd the Hour
He first beheld a Wretch, he so detests.
Seli. Impoflible!

Burr Montanio. Feet | .

Mont, uy * I came to And you, and to tell my „
Prepare thy self to te Antoni 10 Bride, 8

For now my Nephew's come to grace the Nuptial.

re the ensuing Sun has pass d the third

part of his swift Career, Wh |

have decreed you shall be Man and Wife.

Seli. Sir, I do conjure you, as a Father,

\ tender Father af an only Child,

orce me not to the Arms of him, I hate.

Are you grown weary of your wretched Daughter?

That you thus cast her off, ro be a Slave

o an insulring and a vicious Husband ?,
Mont. I tell-thee, Girl, tis fix d; why should 'itthou

be | : ' 21

ostinate, and refuse the Man, whose Love

eserves more generous Return? -

Seli. Indeed, | 5 .

y Lord, he does not love; even to my Face

He does avow his Hate ; but says he'll wed me

To gain the Power to use me at his Will.

throw myself thus, Sir, upon my Knees,

\nd do conjure you, by all that is, or

ver can be dear to you, not to distract

e quite. - :

beg you to suspend this dreadful Sentence.

unt. = not dispute my Will, thou stubborn -_

o Disobedience. — But do as I direct:

J Or, by the Holy Virgin, Fll turn thee out,

cchurs d Vagrant, to the Pityless World ;

Lo all the Stings of Shame and begging Vile:

And so I leave thee to thy Choice. „

bel. He's gone, and would not hear me ! Oh Lading

By. Te * C
2 2 = Fs * A 8 by 3 = 7 RT > 2 4 | BT SOS 3
82 8 8 * — r a rn 4 - 8 3 7
POW FE We” 9 3 * n . 8 SS 2 e

f TRE ⁵ “TTT 5 N »
ou can I cope with thee, and match thy Grief ;
er I am now a Wretch, whose mighty Woes
vc render'd Life a most uneasy Burthen ; .
had been more welcome than this Sen-
2... 2 ; nce.. | . |
Sy" Trust me, Selinds !
5 I am overcome by my Domestick II Is, x
y Sorrows share my Breast. Wou'd I cou'd give
ö thee Hopes. 4 . EF 1
1 1 | | Sels

SH, oo, c oO ones > en ite we cv cin eres oto os I —— — be i — — —
* — _ . 0 . 4 — Md N — a” — ws

But now, Iich Pow'r usurp'd, they lord it o'er us:

With inveterate Spi 7 _ tends us our

my Friend! long ve 1 fought the wo ep
Adee thus, and to untold each

Sen. Bam past Hopes! —— my unkind Father i is Wo:
Tnexorable, positive, and never
To be mov d from what he has A chis F 5

i bie,

Luci. My dear Selinda, let us we
To some remote and Desart wild! let's $03 | | ort
Where we may never hear of Mankind more. L
Mankind, the unges rateful Cause of all our Woes ! Bi
If we survey the Order of Creation, hi

Being form d the last, the noblest Work are we,
And so by Nature were design'd for Rule;

Wich artful Wiles they first our Sex betray'd; = L
Then rul'd us not by ight, bur Laws chemselver E
had made. 1

The Eu of the Third AC T. -
1 — — Ro n REP: — n= | 4

Enie Lunovieo 28

OW vai are all our Hopes to - Ease! | 3 |
No sooner do we think that we e conquer 41

past Illis, and bid our weary Souls take Rest;
And — no more; but Hydra-like, from Hidden ;
Causes, and unforeseen Events, Sorrows
Arise more dreadful-than the past. — Oh Jealousy!
Thou worst of human Illis! why do we harbour
Such a Fiend within us? that ever lashes

Ia the Pursuir of
Helen . 5
elf. Ludovico?

Thoughe, and Sc eret of me Breast, — I [ have fe

0 tell thee how my Heart adores her!?
ow much her Beauties have inflam'd my Soul?
She is much fairer, than a Summer's Morning;
Tweet as a Rose, fragrant as the Spring;
zorn for Delight, and to enslave Mankind.
Ludo. Tis well!
Bell. Tis well! — what is it only thus? thus
Thus coldly, that thou greetest the Joys and Trans
orts
Of my Soul; ? 'tis not well done, nor like a Friend,
To answer thus with Coldness and Neglett. |
Ludo. Avoid my Sight.
Bell, What mean you by this Usage ?
Ludo. Because my just Soul disdains —
cannot wear a Smile upon my Face |
o varnish o'er the Rancour of the Heart.
Bell. T understand you not, your Words are dark,
\nd want an Explication.
Ludo. Does not thy Soul
pbraid thee chen?
80 With what? .
WW Lu. With secret Crimes,
and Breach of sacred Friendship.
Bell. 1 e 8 4115 |
rong'd ther Tye ; and do not thou he
FT bc Bands by harbouring base Suspicion.
WT, £44. The Man that can descend to do ww
When charg d, ne er seru 1 ＋ to deny the Fact.
Ball. Who is my Accu
Ludo. Myself.
Bell. And what is my Offence >
Lugo, Why, dost 6 think
I shall repeat my Shame to soork thy Pride # E
And to 12 thy Triumph! } — no, — thy

1 ps 5 too clear to admit of Doubt.
WAN ought now remains, but to revenge the Wrong,

And with thy Bl
P by Blood to wash the. Stains ay.

Do a base Violence like this.

Distracted sure! or unprovok'd thou woa not *” Jy

My Point.

Provoke me thus to draw down Ruin on thee?

I rush'd betwixt thee and impending Fate,

And with brave Men on every Side surrounded,

But like a Slave. |

Ludo. Do not think 5
To battle with thy Tongue; but draw thy Sword,
And give me Reparation. |

Bell. Away! I will not confer
With thee. |

Ludo. Stay and do me Justice:

Or, by the Host of Heaven! you run upon

Bell. Ha ! — But thou'rt mad, and I will go:
For if I stay, I too may catch the Frenzy.

Ludo. Stir but one Step, thou dy'st.

Bell. Why dost thou

Ludo. Provoke thee ! tis more than Man can do:
hou art too cold, too flegmatick, to feel |
What wou'd provoke a Coward! _ iF x
Bell. By Heaven! tis false; thou knowest that it
For had I been that tame, that passive Thing,
Thou had'st not now been here to urge: me thus. 2
Remember — c „
The Day of Slaughter, when o'erpower'd by Foes,

And sav'd thy Life, with Hazard of my own. =
Ludo. A common Thing! for who is then so tame,
When rouz d by the shrill Trumpets chearing Voice,

As not to gain a short-liv'd fleeting Valour, |:
To ad some Deeds, that seem th' Effect of Courage?
But now, alone, unfir d by Foreign Warmth,
Thou dar'st not Hand to Hand approve thy Manhood:
N 78 | Þ
An abjeQ'Slave, trump'st up this Tale, in Hopes
To mitigate my Rage, and shun my Vengeance.
Bell, Shun thee ? — Friendship I blow clic:
thus to Air ! . f : ih
Have at thee! ————_
Ludo. This to thy Heart, Traytor !

1. Ener Luciana and Selinda-

Luci. Hold, —— or thro! me thrust both your
Manne, © I i nn
Kill me! —— tear me! — for to die is happier, ,,
han thus to see such Discord amongst Friends.
Ludo. Away | ———— |
Luci. Never, never! thus I'll stop thy Way,

nd wither all the Laurels thou hast gain d.
Say Bellville; let me know the horrid Cause
las arm'd thee with such Fury against thy Friend?
Ask him, that inhospitable Slare.
Liao. Ha! 5 | | |
WD:rest thou talk of Hospitality ? ——— thou !
Wnhand me, that I may kill the Traytor: k
r by my Wrath I'll cut thee from thy Hold:
Luci. Do ! thrust thy Sword quite thro my faithunt
me; — hack me; — tear me Limb from
that can sooth, or mitigate thy Rage. RY
hut "4 Life, III hold rhee fast, — grasp thee
Y thus, | 4

ad hang upon my Ruin. :
Ha] dost thou

Wild him from my Rage? thus I cast

bee from me | | „ *
Luci, Help ! — help! Selinda! for I cannot hold

Fh. try to save him from his bloody Purpose, i
I shall die that Moment at thy Feet. |
Ball. Loose him, and let him try his Valour.
„„ contemm his Rage, I'll scourge the Madman:
1 nh If you desire to gain my Favour, this |

ant sheath your Sword, or never hope to

e my Face again. | :
b eli, Oh make not use of
„„ e str ong Pow'r you have o'er me ! —urg'd to such
ner esree twere base ; and I should be unworthy Th

nd save thee from a Deed, wou d blast thy Honour,

The Blessings of your Favour, should I be
Calm, and not resent such Wrongs.

Seli. What! can you : .
Pretend to love, and yet dispute my Will,
And absolute Commands? Away, fond Man,
And fly my Sight for ever. | |
Bell. That werea © YT
Curse too great to be endur d; thus I obey,
Without Dispute, your Arbitrary Will;

For I'm a Slave to Love, and wear his Chains.

Seli. Your Hand; — now lead me from this Plac
Bell. Tho' my Heart swells, I dare not difoby

| 2 | [Exeunt Seli aud gel
Luci. My dear Lord, rush not from me, but ftaj FE
And hear your Luciana plead : Tho' you can
Thus cast me from you, detest and loath me till,
You're yet my Husband, my dear, loy'd and most Wh
Defir'd Husband ! | | 1
Lord of each Wish, and Ruler of my Heart !
Oh! use my tender Soul more gently then; 4
Smooth — stern Brows, and calm your dread
age, | I 8
Or you will break a Heart that doats upon you.
Ludo. Think not to sooth me with those arti Wy

Sounds: re
The Musick of thy Voice, that us'd to charm me,
And lull my Passions, like melodious Strains, 4
Is now grown harsh ! — harsh, as the Raven's Note.
Whene'er I hear thee speak, 'tis Discord now. I
These Eyes, that us'd to gaze on thee for ever,
And look upon thee with incessant Longings,
Now wou'd avoid thee, and detest thy Sight !
Luci. Oh! I am miserable ! |

Lude. Thou art indeed |
A very Wretch ! for am not the Fool,

The Wittol Husband, that thou tak st me for;
Fit for a Tool, and pliant to thy Purpose: —
But am a Man, resentful of an Injury; ' -

None shall escape me that have done me Wrong.

Lui. Cre

Luci. If all that wrong'd thee were to meet their
shou'd remain by Innocence preserv'd,

Out of the Reach and Vengeance of my Lord.

Ludo. Swear thou art innocent, — swear a little,

nd damn thy self to everlasting Flames. |
Luci. By Heav'n I am Innocent and Chaste ! Chaste

as the Virgin ; 15

Devoted to the Altar by the Priest!

That never knew, nor ever thought of Man.

f cer I wrong'd thee, even in Thought, may swift

lack ightning fall, and blast me from above!

Ludo. Hear this, ye Pow'rs! and let your Thun-

— : der roar! ah A
end forth, — send forth your Ministers of Wrath,

ad snatch her from my Sight! — but ha?
WT hey're silent ! all Things are hush'd, and still !.
Wn universal Calm is all around! 5
Nature stands aghast, struck Dumb with Horror
Mt such a Progress in detested Vice!
Lai. I see that you are bent upon my Ruin!
For neither Tears, nor Oaths, can win your Faith
o think me Honest, and a Virtuous Wife, —
at oh! my Lord! 1
ben 1 am dead; by your Unkindness kill'd,
nnd my cold Body in the silent Grave; -
Ny Innocence once known, as sure it must be, -
ho' sully'd now by some base vile Detractor; |
hen you'l] repent this Usage ; then you'll curse, +
Wt cer you loy'd me, to be sure you will,
hat fond Belief that sent me to the Grave,
And robb'd you of a faithful, virtuous Wife, *
Ludo, Surely her Voice was form'd to charm! eack
Accent | v4
Melts the foul Heart; upon her Face appears
specious Form of Innocence and Vertue :
be. may be true, and I perhaps have wrong'd her.
Vill indulge that Thought to sooth my Pains;
For oh! I lov'd! — I lov'd to such Excess,
Tis worse, than Hell, to think she is disloyal. ©
Thus I will steal upon thee ; gently thus
lu. Creep into thy Arms, and lull to Rest

8 — Soul ! — Ha! what am 1

a doin

No fond 9 Heart! I'll tear thee from

my Breast,

Fre thou shalt win me more to clas Pollution.

————"T oOrtures! Heil! and Furies IEx,
Luci, Too well, thou unrelenting cruel Father !

Thy Curses take Effect; hoy Bk hunt me down,

Down to the Verge-of Lite! can pursue

Ne 0 farther than the Grave; — 1 whey me! !

Euter Antonio.

022. My Gister, and in Grief! what welghty Can
— — these Tears, and melt you thus in Sorrow!
orm me quick, that I may share thy Pains,
0: bring. thee Cones
Luci. If — retch, canst Piey wrung With

Avoid my 1 Sig, and leave me to my Griefs. 1
Anto. will stay to search thy wounded Soul; Wl

And with my artful Hand heal all thy Sorrows. |
Luci. Tf thou art thus to Charity inelin d,

N * * e to ease me is thy Absence. .

m_ urg d; you do not well to harbou

A ue, Dok so strong a gainst me.

And foul Despair, 3 Jon

ir, to that oys, c

And downy Hours of Comfort. ! wing
Luci. TX never shall I taste of Comfort more
Auto. Think better of your Fortune. — 1 ghess

The Cause, that draws these Floods of Tear.

Ap Brocher's grown. unkind ? That Sigh confirms

ears

Lat Through all this artful Smoothness I discover,

That tis to chee I owe-my Pains and Woe. |
Anto. Heav'ny knows how much you wrong me OY
Luai. mak iy thou know: the Cause,thar made 1

Unless thow Radl contriv'd the hellis Müischlef?
Auto. Thiine not so hardly of me; but since you
Ownl ghess „ be advis'd . Ae

m I Return with Scorn all rude unmanner'd Usage ; - -
Why shou'd you doat on me. who treats you ill?
Tom WM And slight the Man, that lives upon your Smiles?
Think of Miontanio; think of his Pains and Tortures.
Luci, No more, — upon thy Life no more
Exit. And is it thus, that you repent past Crimes?
1 This new Attempt to win me to thy Purpose,
Confirms me in the Truth of my Suspicions.
Base Villain, it is thou, and thou alone,
1 That art the Cause of all my poignant Woes.
But what cou'd urge thee thus to ruin me?
Me, who did never wrong thee?
But do not think that I will tamely bear it.
No! to my Love most swiftly I will fy,
And shew him how he is by thee abus d:
Disclose the Villain; thy infernal Plots
Place in his View, that he may know thy Falshood,
And see my Vertue ! or if in that I fail,
That fatal Moment that we meet again, 3
hall be thy last of Life. . Exit Luciana,
Ano. Say'st thou so, my Heroine!
Navy, then I must be quick : For tho' I dread not
Her simple Female Rage; yet shou'd she tell
My past Attempts, he may believe; then all
My Pains and Hopes are lost for ever!

Enter Montanio.

Mont. How now Antonio? what with Arms a-cross !
at forms thee to this melancholy Posture ! *

Now every Thing combines to make thee blest ?
My Daughter I've inform'd of my strict Will;
She knows, that Fate decrees her to be rhine.

Auto. And how, my Lord, did she receive the

News ? | | |

I fear not well; for tho with low Submission,
Lve often urg'd the Fierceness of my Love,
Ad told the sad and melancholy Tale,

In Phrase so soft, and moving, as wou'd have
Mason an Adamasitine Rock, could that have heard
et i Y Story; yet all that she wou'd give me
o n return, were hateful Looks, and Words of In-

$57 J | A di gnation. 5
un ; | E - RE: Mont.

Mont. Ts not my Word thy Warrant?
J tell thee she is thine ; therefore no more. z
But let me know how my Designs succeed?
And what thou'st done to satisfy my Passion,
Anto. ah watch'd their Meetings with assiduous E,
teps, |
And find, that my Designs have ta en EffeQ : 5
3 with haggard Looks, pursues em, Sel
ollow'd by Discord and eternal Farrs. |

Now is the Moment to attack her Vertue,

Now it is weak nd with Revenge and Wrongs. Ti
Promise her all her greedy Sex can wish for; | SP
Tell her how poor a Wretch her Vertue makes her, H.
How glorious the may be, if sne complies; R
Tempt her with Wealth secure, and even all
The gaudy Baits, that Womankind prefer Ss.
To Fame and Reputation. „„ T
Mont. Dost think 1 shall I.
Succeed, —— „„ . =
Anto. Fear it not, but instantly away. 1 F
Go to her Apartment; close attack her, 1
Now in the very Ferment of her Sou. WE 1
Resentment of or Wrongs and Pride befriend you, B
Ambition too will work, and lov'd Revenge; | -
And they are Motives carry all before m. &
Ihe Blushing Virgin and reluctant Dame, 'O
If calm, with Ease resist the. amorous Flame. 1
But if Ambition or 1 once fires, 1
Then Vertue melts, and Chastity expires. A
The End F the Furth ACT.
1 i = * Ac; 1 145 7
8 Ds 11 11010 0 i I
"1 5 15 Fr $221 8 I

ACT V.

ous Enter BELLVILLE aud SELIND As

Selin. XY O U must not go, and leave us in Confusion...

| =

Bell, Can I stay here with Honour? Oh no I'll fy
Th inhospitable Place; for shou'd I-stay, |
Spite of the Oaths, that none but you cou'd ever

er, Have drawn from me, I shou'd be perjur'd, 1 shou'd

© Revenge my W 1 5
Seli. Remember hes your Friend. 5
Bell. Ah! too well I do remember that
The Wrong received from any other Man
I cou'd with Calmness punish ; but from him,
My Soul with double Ills at once contends.
Friendship. abus d, and Innocence oppress'd !
I dace- not: stay ; for shou'd we meet, I know
WY The Frailty of my Nature such, I shou'd -
Break thro' those sacred Oaths, and tear his Heart our.
Seli. Iwill not stay you, since you are refolv'd
To go; but think, oh think ! how wretched I
Shall be, when left defenceless to Father's Pow'r,
Whose stern Command and arbitrary Will
I dare not disobey.!—— then shall] be forc'd,
Dragg'd, like a Slave, to curs d Antonio's Bed. |
And none, that hear my Cries, will dare to help me.
Bell. be no more! the horrid Image is not to be.
orn! | |
Fly, fly, my Fair One, from this-horrid House
Of vile Disorder, to some Place of Refuge.
Let me convey you hence. |
Seli. It cannot be. ——— : _T
by The s rant Custom does forbid: me that. ———
kJ Ly. d sully all BY & mn and Reputation
o fly with thee. Not but thou stand it so fair
n my Opinion, that I dare confide .
My Honour in thy Hand. 1

Bell. Why then let the malicious World talk, as

they please,

It hurts not us:
The honest Face needs not ro change its Colour,
Ahl think how short an Interval is left |
To make me happy, or accurs d for ever!
Let that plead for me; —
Tf I should lose thee! — what a Thought was that!
Oh! "tis a Curse, that is not to be born!

Sel. Yet we must part for ever.!

Bell. Talk not of parting! _ SA
Let us fly hence; thou dost not surely know +
How dear thou'rt to me; for if thou didst,
Thy Nature's such, in Pity to my Pains,

Thou woud'st.not wound me with such eruel Sounds,

IT hou art my Soul! the vital Life that animates

This Clay; if thou shoud'st leave me, then my

better Part,
J fall to Earth, never to rife again!
Sel. I pity thee. es

Beil Deal not your Blessings with a N iggard Hand;

But add your Love, and make me blest for ever.
Sel. I'll give you all that Vertue will permit.
Bell. And ] desire no more.
Sel. Well then,
Do with me, as you please,
Bell Oh happy Sound! TOS
Were my Soul upon the Wing, thy Voice, :
Thy charming Accent, wou'd soon call it back.
Thou Blessing ! were Heav'n to show'r Misfortunes
Orr my devoted Head in such Abundance,
That never Wretch e' er felt the like before;
To have Thee folded thus within my Arms,
Wou'd blunt their keenest Edge, and make me wish
To live, and still to clasp my growing Joy.

Where? at what Hour; my Loye, shall T attend, -

To bear thee hence into some Place of 'Safery ?

Sel. At twelve this Night Il meet you at the Gate v

That opens from the Park into. the Road.
Till then, farewet! left we shou d be obsery'd.

Bell. I cannot part; yet you, alas! must go!” - -

Then roll with treble Swiftness, oh ye. Hours
Till

For when the Heart is sound,

forward your Resolves.

De, 2h iS. LES", S
The surest Way, to rob me of my Quiet.
Why else invade you thus my Solitude?

BR Mew. © If ro desire you, as the Blind do Lizhr,
» LS . SI OC I A nh
WW. Or dying Martyrs the Hour of Dissolution, |

Your Nephew's Wife Suits it those Years, my,

Till you bring back my-Fair One to my Agne!.”

Faxewel, my Love, good An ard thee safe !

of . of 5 i ws tg [Excunt severally.
[Scene changes, and discovers Luciana
fttting mae melanoholy Posture.]

Why was I form'd susceptible of Love? _
Why has my. Nature so much Softness in it 7
Oh! that my kinder Stars had made me savage;
IILnatur'd, froward, Insolent, and Proud!
Secur'd by those, I then had never felt

The Torments that ungrateful Man returns,

For the rich Gifts, that tender Beauty brings? |

Enter Montanio and Antonio.

Anto. See where she fits, upon her Arm reclin'd ?

Pensive, and full of Cares! make use of all

Your Eloquence ; perhaps a little Force
May be requir d. Be sure she wants not that.
I'll guard the Entrance from the rude Approach

Mont. Shine now, shine out, my Native Stars

With Influence propitious, that I may

Conquer her Stony and Obdurate Heart,

And win her to my Will: - wow --

Blessings upon my beauteous Neice's Head!

May Peace and Joys still crown her happy Days!
Luci. You with me Peace, my Lord, yet take the

Of any prying Fool, that may disturb you, [R.

Are you resolv'd and bent upon my Ruin? ON

Be to desire. your Ruin; I am guilttx.

uc. These are Vyain Thoughts, unfit for you, or me.

You thould not utter, nor should I g er hear them ! -

Lord, 3

To seek to plant Pollution in your House ?.
And with detested Lust corrupt the Joys
Of the chaste Nuptial Bed? Oh remember þ +»
Th' Illustrious Blood, that runs within your Veins,
Down from a Race of noble Ancestors ;
To Honour born, and by vile Ads unsully'd !
Head of your House, you shou'd protect its Fame,
And punish its Defiters ; nor your self 2
Pursue, in mine, your Family's Difhonour.

kent? The Tvoth thou telleft, 1 wick Confulion

In vain I long with all my Reason strove ;
KReason's too weak to curb such powerful Love!
In calmer Hearts, Justice and Reason sway ;

But oh! those Eyes drive all their Force away.

Luci. And can st thou doat so much, as to believe,
That tho' I were forsaken by my Vertue, |
And left a Prey to loose and base Desires, - .
That I cou'd change my Young, and Lovely Lord,
Far such an Old and wither'd Thing as thee ?

Roll'd o'er my Head, he feels not half my Fire
Can he gaze on thee with such eager Longings?
With such defirmg Eyes? —— Besides, my Girl,
Think of my Wealth, and of his broken Fortune:
Do but consent to love, and thou shalt shine
Dazling and bright, as a young Summer's Sun!
But if thou still Tominuelt cruel to me, 2
Turn thee out to starve, and snhare his Fate.
Luci. Thy Threats I laugh at! — For I'd feed
dn Roots FF
And flake my Thirst out of the running Flood;
Lie on the Ground, and make a Rock my Pillow:
Nay starve, die with my dear injur d Lord,
Rather than live a Queen, and reign with thee.
Mont. — may'st go! — but first 111 pay
WI ig +, > en of, — 4 17 7 i 5 A
For all the Racks and Tortures thou hast cost me.
Field to my Wish; all Struggling now is vain! |
Turi. I do conjure you, by the Saints in Heav'n,

Mont.

But I was born to think of Du alone! (own;

Ment, Tho' he be young, and fifty Winters have

Mont. Not all the World.

Shall save thee:
Luc. Help! — * is no one near to help me 2

Mont. If you resist, I'll drag you thus
wy. "Help! Help ! [Bellville without 60
Antonio.

Bell. What Deed of Darkness art thou. doing there?
Anto. What's it to thee?

Luci; Oh save me! 25 3 8 |

Bell. Give me * 3
Way, or I shall force you. [Enter Ant. and”
Bell. fighting. |

Anto, Forte? have at thy Heart.

Luci. Oh save me! save me from this horrid
Wretch !

Bell. Fear nothing, Madam, Fl ered you now;

Mont. Rude and unmanner 'd Stranger ! what mean

y this 1 ? How dare you thus press
On my Retirement
dell. How dare you give me Cause? | |
he Lady's Tears, and all her strange Confusion,
Are Monitors, that tell thy hellish Purpose
Better, than all that Rhetorick cou'd urge.
Anto. Sir, You shall answer this when Time' a
Convenient.
Bell. I smile at all your Threats
Mont. Away young Bully !
Or I'll chastise thee so, thou shalt repent
That ever thou hast urg'd me. |
„Bell. My Sword will do me Right! 14
Twill guard me well against a Villain” s Purpose.
Ment, Villain ! —— Slave, thus I chastise thy 7
Insolence. |
Bell. And thus I der? be ou back your good Intent.
Luci. Help! f Murder elp ! 1 Monsters?
ey: both atrach N
Will you kill bim > Help! Murder | Help! -

1 * 4 "Ph, 5 * 5 7 4 F * 7 tt 7 8 4 1

Enter Ludovico nn Selinday. 7
Lads. — or Fll turn. wy Sword against your
Mont. Confusion ! we're betray a ! all now wil out!
Arte. Fear it not. |
Lade. Say any of you, if you
Have not lost the Use of Speech ; let me know
The Cause of all this Uproar ; this Confusion,
What, * yu mute? —— Antonio, 1 charge you
Amo. Fain I wou d hold my Tongue, and * thy
Shame!
Bell. What means the Villain! 1
Ludo. Speak, and do not rack me.
Anto. My Lord and I coming. this Way to ll
thee,

My Heart's so full, that I can say no more,
Luas. Go on.

Anto. Surpriz 'd thy Wife, and him, cher Traytar |

there,
In shameful Privacy! — guess the rest.
Bell. 1 Villain! take cy Megodapence,
Confusion ! 2 Distradtion!
Tuo. Cou dst thou do this?: 5
Excellent Fiend ! Hell sends thee thy Saad. o
Seli. Oh farbear ! | [Selinda runs betwixt,
Bell. Fond credulous Wretch $287 ©)
Ungrateful Man! canst thou believe this of me?
ene af thy chaste and honourable Wife?
Because a Villain Uoes profane her Vertue?
Believe me, Friend, for ry I'll call thee so.
Ans. They did agree together, when —_ ,
To turn it all on us; I know tis that „
He wants: to do: But _ have seen too much,
Jo be impos d on by Va Trick. i} bon 1
Ludo. Too much indeed I've seen! and too ow
I've * in my Revenge ! but I begin it thus.
353 else: to Stab his Wife.

Bell.

Bev. And I'll protect her, whilst I've Life, against |

Thy Brutal Violence and Rage.
Ludo. Die first then thou. :
Bell Come, come all against me! arm'd, as I am,
With Innocence, I dare maintain my Cause
Against you all. 5
Luci. Horror! Despair! and Shame!

Ludo. Sir, a Word, — tho" your Baseness merits. |

not the Favour, :
I secrn to take the Advantage, that Odds give me.

Half an Hour hence T'lt meet you at the Park- Gate:

There undisturb'd we may decide our CR
Bell. You shall be met, Sir, but I must urge
A solemn Promise from you, e're we part,
That, 'till we meet again, you use no Violence
Against your Wife. © N
Ludo. Well ! —— I do promise you
That stops not long my just Revenge
Bell. "Tis well L. s |

Follow me this Instant; lies Antonio.
Or, by the Worth of my eternal Soul,

I'll instantly return, and tread thee
Down, down to thy Native Hell. _ 7
Ludo. No Strugling; but in, [Pushing his Wife in.

Luci. Hear me but a ord „

For you stand now upon the Brink of Ruin:
One Step farther, and you plunge in an Abyss
Of Woes, that have no End |
Ludo. Do not think Fe
These Arts shall save thee from my Wrath.
Luci. I do not wish to live, —_©
Ludo. Nor shaltthou. |
Luci. But would

Ludo. I'Il hear no more. -- in Strumpet. [Puts her in. I |

SHAON © + > EI 36
Ludovico hear me, e're thou goest

To act thy cruel Purpose; for too well I see

Rage urges thee on to horrid bloody Deeds.

Ludo. My Lord, as you expe that I shou d right _
The Honour of our House, rake home your Daughter,

And sheild me from her Clamours.
Mon#* Selinda, thy Hand,

Seli. Oh! cruel, cruel Man! Mont.

[ Exit 8

— * —— uy-— — — ——— 22 —ñ —Uä— . — 4 —— — ——»: — — — — .—Vœ—-Qꝛʒ

——— 112 — — : I er

A was a glorious Thought that sav'd me, tottering

Tell elluille he'd meet him at the Park-Gate.

Determines who must fall. It shall be so, ——

Mont. Away, [Excunt Mont. and Selinda. T.
Ludo. Come to my Arms Antonio! . Ti
J have, alas! no Friend now left but thee !
And sure, unless I pour my Sorrows forth *
Into thy friendly Breast ; unload my Soul,
My Heart would break with this Excess of Anguish !
A Wife! a Friend! and both so dearly lov'd! Ti

No more! for shou'd I now give way, Ot
The horrid 3 wou d distri me quite, As
And rob my Justice of Revenge! |

Anto. It breaks my Heart to see you thus.
Wou'd you had never known it!

Ludo. Wou'd I had not known it!
But none but those, that love like me can know
The Pains I suffer !- | |
Why was I born ? or why preserv'd from Death,
When thousands of noble Warriors fell around me?
To see this Day ? to see tlie Casket, where
My Treasure Jay, broken up and spoil'd. |
By Russian Hands, and robb'd of all its Sweetness ?
Now nought on Earth remains to give me Joy,
But dire Revenge, bloody, tho' just Revenge.

Antonio /olue.
Go on, and work my Fortune, and thy Ruin:

Upon the Brink of Fate: —— I heard my Brother

Shou'd they confer before they fight, they may.
Be reconcil'd ;. and then I'm ruin d! 8
If Belville shou'd escape, no Doubt he will :
Revenge the Wrongs I've done him. I am nor safe
If either do survive. Something must be done.
Ha! why does my Nature startle at the Thought!
A Brother! what's a Brother, if oppos d to me?
If he must die or I, the Choice, soon made,

Fil stab him as he passes by; the Darkness
Will protect me from Discovery, _ _
And all the Guilt shall upon Bellwille fall.

III. take Care to seize him for the Murder.

Il stand upon the Watch; he can't be leng:
The Time he mark' d to Beltui lle is expiring.

I Exit .
Scene changes. Enter Ludovico.
The Time is come that 1 appointed Belvi/e.
Oh Revenge ! thy Wishes are as Krong a
As those of Love! * [Exits

T hat Door I know is barr'd, he eannot pass;
But must return this Way : FI wait him here.

Enter at the opposite Door Montanio.

Mont. Ha! what's that? — do 1 not hear « Noise ?
Tis nothing but the Coinage of my Fears.

Oh Guilt: what Slaves and Cowards mak st thou

of us? [Goes eress, e op as
tonio; he stabs him.
Ante. He comes; nows my Time.
Mont. Ha Villain } — murder:

I'm kill 4! -
Ante. Thunder and Amazement !
Mont; Murder * [Re-enter Ludovico * one Dor;

Selinda wirh Lights at the other.

Auro. Confiifion ! Hell! and Furies! gy

Ludo. What Cry bf Murder's this?

Mont. Oh! I'm kilFd ! bafely KiIFas

Seli, Alas! my Father! |
Ludo. Who has done this Deed? "
Mont. That Villain there, that most abandon cl

illain,
Antonio, the Cause of your Tortnres.
Ludo. Seize the e 7
Mont. Oh Laabvicel
1h have wrong'd thy chatte ad — ws,

AT OUR ̃ ED IA res >

Thy Friend is true, and we alone a are e Villains.
Ludo. Oh Heavens! 4 EE 1 0

Enter Bellville.

Where is this Villain ? this Antonio?
That I may punish the audacious Traytor,
And sheath my Sword within his Hearr.
Ludo. I dare not see my Friend, my most wrong d
Friend.
Seli. See Belluile! see what cruel Fate has done!
Bell. Blood! and who has dene this?
Seli. That Villain there. 1
Mont. Oh Ludovico! |
My Blood flows quick, and Life begins to "Ir
Noble Youth! forgive me! for I've sought
To wrong thy Marriage-Bed ! Prompred by him,
J had accomplish'd my now-abhorr'd Intent;
Had not thy Friend, thy generous Friend, prevented
My Design. 1 long have lov'd thy Wife,
And leng have try'd to taint her solid Vertue ; $ -
But in vain : I now am justly punisn d
For my foul Crime. Bur what cou 'd urge that
Caitiff |
To do this bloody Deed ? tis ks mul answers
Ludo. Says * what cou'd urge thee to do $

— The Blow was meant to thee, thou credulous
Fool ! Damnation on the mistaken Hand.
Ludo. Immortal Powers! how Just are your Decrees!

I

Beltville, I've wrong 'd- thee d thee so, 1 Ho
Hope for Pardon, . | ns :

Mont. Draw near me both, in

That J may join the Bands of Proben. Frjendhip An

Belluille, If a dying Man, chat does repent 3 Let

Of all the Ills he has dene, W N

do conjure thee take him to thy Breast:
For greatly was his Anger urg'd, and poison'd
Was his Nature, by that Villain's Tongue.
Bell. T hus + *
— what's past, and thus renew our
ve. 5 So,
Ludo. Thou glorious Friend! when I forget this
Generous Usage, may I be abhorr'd
By all Mankind! — My Bellvi/le. go to my
Luciana, my wrong'd Wife, inform her
f what's past, make use. of all thy Rhetorick
To gain Forgiveness for me.
= | [Exit Bellville.

Mont. My Daughter! 9
Draw near, my Child; forgive the Harsnness

Of thy Father. — oh ! twas caus'd by a Passion

Resistless to corrupted Nature.
To thee and Ludovic: I bequeath
My Fortunes; let not my large Possessions
ed Be (wallow'd by th' insatiate greedy Law,

But share em with a friendly Hand between vou.

I feel a Chilness coursing thro my Veins,

It congeals, and stops the Currents and the Springs :

at Of Life; my Soul is now, just now upon
The Wing, and my Frame falls down to its Native

arth ! 5 [Die.
lo Selinda. Alas! he's gone! — oh my poor Fa-
| 3:7: Wan F EOS 88
Enter Bellville haftning Luciana,

Lido. My Luciana how shall I approach thee ?
How shall I meet such Excellence as thine ?

Like Criminals condemn d, I hang my Head,
And dare not lift my Looks up to thy Eyes!
Lest I should meet with just Resentment there.

Encompass'd round with all the Wrongs I've done

1 Thus

Thus to the Earth 1 will for ever grow,

Unless thy kind Forgiveness raise me up. |
Luci. You know, my Lord, the Power you have

Ore, SY | 1
Within this Breast Love pleads your Cause too we},
To let Resentment long maintain its Post.

Rise, rise, my Lord, this Posture ill becomes you.

I do forgive, forget whate'er is past.

Ludo. Oh! happy! happy Hour! dost thou for-

Art thou so full of Goodness? — speak it again,

My Saul, that the blest Sound may give me full

Security of Bliss; for when we have been sick

Of many Sorrows, we are still in Doubt 8

When Happiness Returns. e |

Lact. By this Embracs, - ' _— --

And all the Happiness with which my Soul

O'erflows, when thus I clasp thee, tis utterly forgot

| .

Tudo. Thou Excellence! were I to live

More Years, then I have number'd Days,

And study every Hour some Charm

To footh thee, I still fshou'd die a Debror

To thy Merits ! —— Away with that vile Wretch,

Whom I disdain to think, or call my Brother.

Drag him, where he may receive the just Reward

Due to his black, abhorr d, and bloody Deeds.

Anto. Hold, Slaves, dost thou think, that since
I know my Doom,
That I will live to glut your fterce Revenge?
By tamely suffering publick Execution?

No, —— this Arm, - this mistaken Arm, Nall

save me

Frem that Shame. Thus I revenge my self upon

myself. | es 25
Perditions Hell! and Horror, be your Lots:

Lude, He's Dead; this is a Day of Horror!
This sad Example does most plainly shew x
What Luckless Fate attends unlawful Passions.

Not so with vertuous Love's exhaustless Springs,

They ever slow with everlasting Joys. |
Happy! oh! happy! are the wounded Hearts,
When Cupid points with Innocence his Darts!
Tis then he riots, and in Rapture lie 7
If clog'd with gloating Lust the Arrows fly.
Quarrels and Murders, Jealousies and Pain,
Are all the Pleasure that the Wounded gain.
