Many E R R O R *

AS WELL

Commi nel. as Unamended, by! Mr. PO P E

In his Late

EDITION of this Port.

DESIGNED

Not only to correct the said EPI T 10 N, but to restore the True

yet publist' d.

Me. THEO BAL 5

j | * _ =, oo K ow = w 1 Cutts Sa
pd nos un vidi 8 lacerum crudeliter Ora.
4 | | Ora, maniusque ambas, ff.. ERR | | VI RG.

LONDON:
Printed for R. FRANKLIN and T. Woop MAN in RuselStreet, Covent-Garden ,
CHARLES Davis in Hatton-Garden, and S. CH APMAN in Tau Mall.

M. DCC. XXVI-

READING of SHAKESPEARE in all the Editions ever

8 r e 3 Coates Who —

sn Nenn n 1 n. P :
pod if CY, =o 2h Irs r
LETS boy 3 82 4 $4 fn 2a 1 AT Ie 21 ST £4 e
2 r 2a ee * 2 x
+ 5 ed q . 5 N

r e ka of 7 Wer 8 Sas 27 18 _

LE ak

Il am attempting to restore SHAKESPEARE,
J should address that Work to One, who
has gone a great Way towards shutting him out of
Doors ; that 1s, towards banishing him the Benefit
of the Stage, and confining us to-read him in
the Closet. Let me stand excused from intending
any personal Accusation here; for it is not You,
indeed, but that Affection, with which Enertarn-

4 2 mem;

T may seem a little particular, that, when

— 3 HI AY AS

The DEDICATION.

ments of a disserent Species are pursued, has done

this; and therefore J would fain transfer the

Fault from You to the Town. Let us lay it upon
the Times, as we are pleas'd to do some of our

Sins upon Fate and Providence. Or, perhaps
the very Frame of our Nature is concern'd ; and

the Dissecters of an Eye and Ear can tell us to what
Membranes, or Organs, we owe the Communication

of Pleasures, in which the rational Soul

has no Share. So shall we be able to account

both for the Reception of GRoTESQUE and
OPERA. 22

Ir an hs * Dae ah thi =

Stage, it is a Vice which is so becoming in the
Excellence of Vour own Performance, that I'can
scarce find in my Heart to be the first to with
it cur'd. Let, as it is fabled of ACHILLES's

Spear, that it had a Virtue to heal the Wounds

it made; so we may prophesy, one Time or

other, that the Rust of PANTOMIMES will be

pin -

The DEDICATION.
Salve for the Recovery of DRAMATIC

1 AM justified ; in this Address by another Con-
which is, That however you may have
been a Sinner N SHAKESPEARE, you are not
an impenitent one. And as King Henry IV.
erected a Chapel to expiate the Injuries which
he had done to his Predecessor, King Richard:
so, the Town at least say, you intend to appease
the Manes of our Pokr by erecting a Monument
to him. Go on in that pious, that reputable
Intention ; and, while the Taste of the Publick N
demands it of you, continue to sacrifice fresh Pantomimes
to his Memory; when their Palates alter,
convince them that Vou are provided to entertain

them with an Elegance suitable t to their Exis

Bur I am fall n into a Strain which I had no
1 Thoughts of pursuing, when J first sate down to
write this Epistle. The great Or war dedicated

The DEDICAT ION.
one of his Plays to his Bookseller, as a Receipt
for the Copy-Money; and I meant this merely

(i parva licet componere maguis ) as an Acknowledgment

of some Obligations receiy'd, which

you will not expect me to specify in Print. I design'

d it to carry the Sentiments of F rrendship

and Gratitude ; but, where it falls short in those q
Points, let it make Amends by this Profession, f
that Vou are always entitled, to the utmost of my
poor Power, to demand all the Service of,

ur a oa and
Fait bal H unble 8 ervant,

March 18. 1725.

Lews Tnrosarp.

2 DES N *
N =o Ga) 1 :
Nie Up

i. > i > SRI I RJ —

INTRODUCTION.

7 HAVE very often declar'd, and that in a number
of Companies, that what thro the Indolence,
what thro'the Ignorance of his EDITORS, we have
lp] scarce any Book in the English Tongue more fertile
of Errors, than the Plays of SHAKESPEARE,
And, I believe, whenever I have fall'n on this

804 1 I Verve not fail'd to express my Wish, that some fine Genius,

equal to the task, would befriend the Memory of this 1m-
mortal Poet, and contribute to the Pleasure of the present and

of future Times, in retrieving, as far as possible, the original

Purity of his Text, and rooting out that vast Crop of Errors,

which has almost choak d up his Beauties.

WO RR RY

WY SRI JURY IRS 8

— — Lr W . . ˙ 7 5.44.7,

11 ENPRODOCFIORN

IT was no small Satisfaction therefore to me, when I first

| 3 heard Mr. PoPE had taken upon him the Publication of

SHAKESPEARE. I very reasonably expected, from his

known Talents and Abilities, from his uncommon Sagacity and 3
Discernment, and from his unwearied Diligence and Care of q
informing himself by an happy and extensive Conversation, we

should have had our Author come out as perfect, as the want of
Manuscripts and original Copies could give us aPoshbility of hoping.
I may dare to say, a great Number of SHAXZSPEARE's Admirers,
and of Mr. PoPE's too, (both which I sincerely declare myself,)

concurred in this Expectation: For there is a certain curiosa felicitas,
as was {aid of an eminent Roman Poet, in that Gentleman's
Way of working, which, we presum'd, would have laid itself
out largely in such a Province; and that he would not have
{ate down contented with performing, as he calls it himself,
the dull Duty of an EDITOR only. SHAKESPEARE's Works have
always appear'd to me like what he makes his HAL ET compare
the World to, an unweeded Garden grown to Seed And Tam sorry
there is still reason to complain, the Weeds in him are so very _
sparingly thin'd, that, not to speak out of compals, a thousand =
rant and unsightly ones are left to stare us in the Face, and clog *
the Delight of the expected Prospect. ED

Ir must necessarily happen, that where the Assistance o ß
Manuscripts is wanting to set an Author's Meaning right, and
rescue him from those Errors which have been tran{mitted
down thro” a Series of incorrect Editions, and a long Interven-

— te eve —etn As ION * se — :

tion of Time, many Passages must be . and past a Cure,

8 and their true Sense irretrievable, either to Care, or the Sagacity f
4 Cn „%% : EET f
AND there is one Unhappiness too, which generally attends N
the Republication of English Books, which is, That being the Pro-
EH: perty of some Persons in Trade, who, too often, know nothing 1
j more of their Copy than that there is a Demand for reprint= _ 1
1 je it; and who are, withal, Persons of such commendable Fru- 1
0 gality, that they think every Farthing which is given for the 3
L | Labour of Revise, to be so much Money given away for nothing: b
t The Press is set to work from a printed Precedent, and so the

NR — more

INFRODUCTTON.

more the Editions of any Book multiply, the more the Errors

multiply too, and propagate out of their own Species. of

& this (to borrow the Words and Observation of my ingenious
Friend, Mr. SEWEL ;) Shakespeare is a very remarkable Ine
stance, who has been handed down, from Age to Age, very incorrect,

his Errors increasing by Time, and being almost constantly

republish d to his Disgrace. Whatever were the Faults of this

« great Poet, the Printers have been hitherto as careful to multiply
© them, as if they had been real Beauties; thinking, perhaps, with

the Indians, ht the diefiguring a good Face with Scars of arti-
& ficial Brutes, had POO 4 rhe Form and Dignity of the Per-

Turks, indeed, has not been altogether the Case 3 in the late

Edition of SHAKESPEARE - The BooxsELLER, who farms a

Right to some part of this Author, and claims a Right to some
other part of him, has so far misunderstood himself, (I mean, in
Contradidtion to the Rule of Trade,) as to be at the Expence of

having his AUTHOR revised; and therefore we promuled OUr=

selves, this WORK would be compleat.

TI Have so great an Esteem for Mr. PoE, and so high an
Opinion of his Genius and Excellencies, that I beg to be excused

from the least Intention of derogating from his Merits, in this

Attempt to restore the true Reading of SHAKESPEARE. Tho I

confess a Veneration, almost rising to Idolatry, for the Writings of

this inimitable Poet, I would be very loth even to do him Justice
at the Expence of that other Gentleman's Character. But, I am

persuaded, I shall stand as free from such a Charge in the Execution
of this Design, as, I am sure; I am in the Intention of it;

for I am assuming a Task here, which this learned Editor scems

purposely (I Was going to lay, with too nice a Scruple) to have

declined. _
To explain myself, I must be obliged to make a short Quotation

from Mr. PoE, in his Preface to SHAKESPEARE : © In

what ] have done, lays he, I have rather given a Proof of my
N Willnged and Desire, than of my Ability to do him Justice. I

I his Preface 60 the Seventh Volume of the Warks of SHAKESPEARE, in Quarto.

Ae 29S N auth. * Pry} F1 11
econ *

INT RODU CT ION.
hav discharg'd the dull Duty of an Editor, to my best Judgment,

C with more Labour than I expect Thanks, with a religious Abhor-

rence of all Innovation, and without any Indulgence to my pri-
vate Sense or Conjetture.” I cannot help thinking this Gentleman's

Modesty in this Point too nice and blameable ; and that

what he is pleased to call a religious Abhorrence of Innovation, is
downright Superstition : Neither can I be of Opinion; that the

Writings of SHAKESPEARE are 1o venerable, as that we should
be excommunicated from good Sense, for daring to innovate. properly;
or that we ought to be as cautious of altering their Text,
as we would That of the sacred Writings. And yet even They,
we see, have admitted of some 'Thousands of various Readings ;
and would have a great many more, had not Dr. BznTL Er

some particular Reasons for not prosecuting. his * -
upon. the New Testament, as he propos'd. |
CERTAINLY, that Physician would be reckon'd a very unserviceable
Member in the Republick, as well as a bad Friend to

himself, who would not venture to prescribe to a Patient, because
not absolutely sure to cure his Distemper : As, on the
other hand, he would be accounted a Man of very indifferent

Morals, if he rashly tamper'd with the Health and Constitution
of his Fellow-Creature, and was bold to try Conclusions only for

private Information. The {lame Thing may be said with regard

to Attempts upon Books : We should shew very little Honesty, or
Wisdom, to play the Tyrants with any Author's Text ; to raze,

alter, innovate, and overturn, at all Adventures, and to the
utter Detriment of his Sense and Meaning: But to be so very
reserv'd and cautious, as to interpose no Relief or Conjecture,
where it manifestly labours and cries out for Assistance, seems

almost as absurd as the Indolence of that good honest Priest, who

had for thirty Years together mistakingly, in his Breviary, read
Mumpfimus for Sumpfimus; and being told of his Blunder, and sollicited
to correct it, The Alteration may be just, said he; but,

kowever, I'll not change 9 old MUMPSIMUS for your nem SUMP-
SIMUS,

INTRODUCTION:

FoR my own part, I don't know whether I am mistaken in
Judgment, but I have always thought, that whenever a Gentleman
and a Scholar turns Editor of any Book, he at the same Time
commences Critick upon his Author ; and that wherever he finds
the Reading suspected, manifestly corrupted, deficient in Sense,
and unintelligible, he ought to exert every Power and Faculty
of the Mind to supply such a Defect, to give Light and restore
Sense to the Passage, and, by a reasonable Emendation, ro make
that satisfactory and confiflent with the Context, which before
was so absurd, unintelligible, and intricate.

Tris is a Tast, which, as I above intimated, Mr. PoE
58 ow purposely disclaim d, and which I (by what Fatality, or with.
What Event, I know not ; ) have taken upon my self to prosecute.

Iam not nfenfible Under what Disadvantages I mult set out upon
such a Work, and against such an Antagonist; - == == 11m par con-

gressus ACHILLI: But as I have laid it down as a Rule to myself
not to be arbitrary, fantastical, or wanton, in my Conjectures

upon our Author, I shall venture to aim at some little

Share of Reputation, in endeavouring to restore Sense to Passages

in which no Sense has hitherto been found; or, failing in ot
Hope, must submit to incur, which I thould be very unwilling

to do, the Censure of a rash and vain Pretender.
As SHAKESPEARE stands, or at least ought to stand, in the

Nature of a Classic Writer, and, indeed, he; 1s corrupt enough
to pass for one of the oldest Stamp, every one, who has a Talent
and Ability this Way, is at liberty to make his Comments and
Emendations upon him. This 1s a Palm, which (as TERENCE
lad, of writing Comedies) is in common to every poetical
Contender : t

——— — I. medio omnibus
Palnan E poser fam, qui artem traftant musscam.

And he, Who has the Luck to be allowed any Merit in it, does
not only do a Service to the Poet, but to his Country and its
Language. This Author is grown so universal a Book, that there

are very few Studies, or Collections of Books, tho small, amongst
which

U —:—xé K 4% %%! —U— ES n

INTRODUCTION

which it does not hold a Place : And there is scarce a Poet, that
our English Tongue boasts of, who is more the Subject of the
Ladies Reading. But with what Pleasure can they read Passages,
which the Incorrectness of the Editions will not suffer
them to understand? No Vein of Pedantry, or Ostentation of

useless Criticism, ineited me to this Work: It is a Sacrifice to the

Pleasure of SHAKXESPEARE's Admirers in general; and should

it fail of all the Success which I with, it may chance to work this
good Effect, That many will be tempted to read this Poet with
a more diligent Eye than hitherto: The Consequence of which
will be, that better Criticks will make their own Observations,

with more Strength than I can pretend ; and this Specimen
prove only an Invitation to lead them into nobler CorreCtions.
If, however, till that happens, where SHAKESPEARE has yet,

thro' all his Editions, labour'd under flat Nonsense, and invincible
Darkness, I can, by the Addition or Alteration of a single
letter, or two, give him both Sense and Sentiment, who
will be so unkind to say, this is a trifling or unwarrantable Attempt?
Or, rather, if I may dare to flatter myself so far, what
true Lover of this Poet, who shall find him so easily curd,
will not owe his Thanks for a Passage retriev'd from Obscurity,
and no Meaning ? and say, SHAKESPEARE mult certainly have

wrote so ------=2 But I remember a Line in Horace, which
ought to stop me short, and give me some Fears:

Quid dignum tanto feret hic promisson hiatu?

I am running too largely in debt, upon Promise, to my Readers,
and they are calling for Payment in some Specimens of
my Performance. 5 | 0

J am sorry that the Use and Intention of this Undertaking

ties me down to the Necessity of one unpleasant Office, That of
setting right the Faults in Pointing, and those meerly literal,

committed by the Printer, and continued by too negligent a

Revisal. This is the Drudgery of Correction, in which I could
wish to have been spar'd, there being no Pleasure in the Execution

of it, nor any Merit, but that of dull Diligence, when exeoo
nes cuted.

I 7 55 Is Shes, OST, =.”
7 ” 4 Ys Ee e F
ö e VV
CEE oe p — ET On Sor: > 5 $1, 264 a *

IE l ee de

TNEAUDUCTIUON:.

cuted. But, unpleasant as it is, even this Part must be dispens'd
wich; and all that I can do, to ease myself or Readers in it, is

to mark these minute CorreCtions with all possible Brevity, and
proceed to more important Matter.

I can scarce suspect it will be thought, if 1 begin my
Animadversions upon the Tragedy of HaarL ET, that I have been
partial to myself in picking out this Play, as one more fertile

in Errors than any of the rest : On the contrary, I chose it for
Reasons quite opposite. It is, perhaps, the best known, and one
of the most favourite Plays of our Author: For these thirty

Vears last past, I believe, not a Season has elaps d, in which it

has not been perform 'd on the Stage more than once; - and,

consequently, we might presume it the most purg'd and free
from Faults and Obscurity. Yet give me Leave to say, what I

am ready to prove, it is not without very gross Corruptions.
Nor does it stand by itself for Faults in Mr. Po PEs Edition:
No, it is a Specimen only of the epidemical Corruption, if I
may be allowed to use that Phrase, which runs thro! all the
Work: And I cannot help saying of it, as Aneas does of the
Greeks Treachery Nw the Instance of Sinon's,

Is HAL ET has its Faults, {so has every other of the Plays; 3
I therefore only offer it as a Precedent of the same Errors,
which, every body will be convinced before I have done, pos-
Tess every Volume and every Play in this Impression.

Bor to proceed from Assertion to Experiment: In order to

which I shall constantly be obliged, that the Emendations may
stand in a fairer Light, to quote the Passages as they are read,
with some part of their Context, in Mr. PoPE's Edition; 3
likewise to prefix a short Account of the Business and Circumstances
of the Scenes from which the faulty Paslages are drawn;
that the Readers may be inform'd at a single View, and judge of
the Strength and Reason of the Emendation, without a Refe-
rence to the Plays themselves for that purpose, But -4

wall.

— ins ac tn, ed ——_

VIII

INTRODUCTION.

will be in no kind necessary, where Faults of the Press are

only to be corrected: Where the Pointing is wrong, perhaps, That
may not be alone the Fault of the Printer ; and therefore I
may sometimes think myself obliged to assign a Reason for my
altering it. 3 „
As every Author is best expounded and explaind in One
Place, by his own Usage and Manner of Expression in Others;
wherever our Poet receives an Alteration in his Text from any

of my Correfions or Conjectures, J have throughout endeavour d

to support what I offer by parallel Passages, and Authorities from
himself: Which, as it will be my best Justification, where my.
Attempts are seconded with the Concurrence of my Readers;

10, it will be my best Excuse for those Innovations, in which I
am not so happy to have them think with me.

I HAVE likewise all along, for the greater Ease and Pleasure
of the Readers, distinguish'd the Nature of my Corrections by a

{short marginal Note to each of them, viz. False Pointing, False
Print, Various Reading, Passage omitted, Conjectural Emendation,
Emendation, and the like; so that every body will at once be
appriz d what Subject-matter to expect from every respective
Division. 5 N - Bb.

xamination and

FF. „ O-F THE

Ha SSS (

M. bere now zt burns, EI

1 Journ of the old Editions read, 1 lain j which seems to be

Tua D of HAMLET,

I. AG 1. Scene 1. Page 346.

HEN you sume star, that's westward from the pole,
Had made his course t ]lume that part of heawV/n

Various

Reading.

| 5 the truest deriv'd Word, (from illumino in the Latin,) and is

the Word used by our Author 1 in another Place.

4 Two GENTLEMEN of vr ro, pag. 195.
ES be not by ber fair Influence
2H Foster d, illumin'd,

2 The Examination and Correction

In another of his Plays, our Poet has extended this Word to
illuminate.

JULIUS CASAR, pag. 234.
hat Trash is Rome? q
What Rubbish, and what Oful ? when it serves l
For the base Matter to illuminate 1

So vile a Thing as Cæsar?

And I almost think, Mr. Po PE was of the Opinion that i/lumine, =
rather than il/ume, in this Place of Hamlet, is the right Word; b
since he, in another of the Tragedies, has wrote relumine, cho
one of the old Editions there have 1 it relume.

94 ag Wo Xe Z

e SEG

OTHELLO, pag. 578:

T know not where is that Promethean Heat,
That can thy Light relumine. —_— e

c pe III" r
— 9 N 5 — 2 ASP

But may it not be objefted, that if we should read,

„ Had made his Course tillumine that Part of Heav'n, &c.
this Additional Sy/lable spoils the Scanning of the Verse? In a
Word, too nice a Regard must not be had to the Numbers of
SHAKESPEARE: Nor needs the Redundance of a Syllable here
Ss be any Objection; for nothing is more usual ih our Poet
than to make a Pactyl, or allow a supernumerary Syllable, which
is sunk and melted in the Pronunciation. It were most easy
to produce above a thousand Instances of this Custom in him;
but unneceslary, because they lie open to the Observation of
every discerning Reader.

II. Ibid.

The Versification manifestly halts here, Wen any Necessity.
The second Edition in Folio, printed im 163 2, and which is one
of those that Mr. PoE professes to have collated, makes out
the Numbers of this Line by reading, i N

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 3

II. Ibid. Page 347.

Jo frotun'd he once, when in an angry Parle 51 False Point-
He sinote the fledded Polack on the Ice. 5

All the old Editions, which I have seen, read it rightly without
the second Comma;

85 found 2 once, when in an angry Care
He smote &.

III. Ibid. Page 350.

Shall 1 rite C 1 with my Partizan ? Fe
Kala

E ball 7 frike at it with my Partizan *

IV. Ibid. Page 350.

3 heard, 1 False Prints
The cock [] that is the trumpet to the morn, 8
Doth with his lofty and 4/ brill sounding Throat &c.

1 ought to be pointed, as it is in the Quarto Edition, of 16 373

(« which I shall have Occasion to speak anon.)

— — I have heard,
The Cock, that i 10 the Trumpet to the Morn,
Deoth &e

—G--2 — V. Ibid.

False Points

False Point-

Confectura

3 r r » i.

The Examination and Correction

V. Ibid. Page 351.

But look, the morn in russet mantle clad L,
Walks fer the dew &c.

Here again, either the second Comma mult be entirely taken
away, or this Passage must be stopp d thus;

But look, - - the Morn, in russet Mantle clad,
Malls ver the Dew &c.

VI. Act 1. Scene 2. Page 352.

Cravnivs, King of Denmark, his Queen, Hamlet, and Courtiers,
coming upon the Stage, the King makes a Speech, apologizing,
and giving Reasons, for his hasty Marriage with his Brother's
Widow. He ther proceeds to acquaint them, that For-
rinbras of Norway, supposing the State of Denmark to be much
weaken' d and disjointed by the Death of the late King, had
demanded, with Threats of Invasion, certain Lands lost by
his Father to the said late Danish King; and that therefore he
(Claudius, the now King) had wrote Letters to the old King of
Norway, desiring him to suppress his Nephew Fortinbras's unjust |
Procedure in that Affair. This is the Business and Import of
the Speech; let us now see how it stands in the Edition,

Nor have we herein barr'd
Tour better wisdoms, which have freely gone
With this affair along L,] (for all, our thanks)
Now follows L, ] that you Eno ] young Fortinbras,
Holding a mean supposal of our worth , > 0
Or thinking by our late dear brother”s death
Our slate to be disjoint and out of frame [L,
COLLEA4GUED with this dream of his advantage L,
He hath not faiÞd to pester us with message, &c.

THEM
SEES
of Bk

of the Tragedy of HAMLET:
Tho' all the printed Copies, that ever I have seen, concur in
reading Colleagued in this Place, I cannot but think it carries a
harsh and intricate Sense, and does not so aptly fall in with the
Context. This makes me suspect it corrupted from a Word
very near it, both in Sound and Writing, and which carries a
much more plausible Meaning, as well as connects better both
with what precedes and follows. Tis true, Colleagued signifies
joined with, putting himself on the Side, or Faction of, &c. and
therefore it is not to be utterly disallowed in Sense. But if we

can only, with the Alteration. of a Letter or two, substitute

another Word that gives a stronger and more proper Image, and
connects better with the Reasoning of the Passage; I hope, I {hall
be allowed to offer it, at least, as a Conjecture, if not as a Correction.
Suppose therefore that SHAKESPEARE might write it
can; ee ne ed aa rope

2. Nor have We herein barr'd |
Your better Wisdoms, which have freely gone
With this Afair along. (For all, our Thanks.)
Now follows that you know, Young Fortinbras,
Holding a weak $ upposal of our North,
Or thinking, by our late dear Brothers Death,
Our State to be disjoint, and out of Frame,
COLLOGUED with this Dream of his Advantage,
He hath not fuil'd to pester us with Message, &c.

Here you have a Reason for the Young Man's Opinion, and
Proceeding, and for his Insolence in making the Demand on
Denmark, vix he being flattered, imposed on, cajol d, by the
Dream of his Advantage, However, if the Readers are inclined
to imbrace the first Reading, I am willing to retract Mine, or at
least keep it to my self, which I proposed but as a Guess. The

Collogue, Blanditiis tentare, paritm deflexo sensu, a Lat. Collogui ; wel i a Germanica
Orieine deducere malis, a Teut. Rosen, garrire, & Lugen; Belg. Logen, Mentiri: g. d.
Vollogen eliss propter Enphoniams : d. d. blandis Mendactis imponere.

SKINNER'S Lexic. Etymolog,

> + a III. oe ne _e

False Poiut-

That is, We have writ to the Old King to stop his Nephew's

The Examination and Correfion

Correction of the next Passage shall be founded on something
more than Conjecture.

VII. Ibid.

We have here writ
To Norway, uncle of young Fortinbras,
ho D] impotent and bed-rid, scarcely hears I
Of this his nephews purpose, to suppress 7
lis further gate herein L. 1] u that the levies,
The lists, and full proportions are all made
Out of his JS oy LJ

Expedition, because his Army is compos d all out of the old King's

Subjects. But this Paslage is so pointed, that, by the Reasoning

being disjoined from the Sentence of which it ought to be a Part,
the Sense is so much weaken'd, that it is almost lost. Restore =

Conjectural
Emendation.

therefore, as some of the Editions lead the Way;

————— 72 have here writ V X
To Norway, Uncle of young Fortinbras,
I ho, impotent and bed-rid, scarcely hears
Oo this his Nephecws Purpose, to suppress
His further Gate herein; in that the Levies,
The Lifts, and full Proportions, are all made
Out of his & ,

VIII. Ibid.

and de here dispatch
Ton, good Cornelius, and you Voltimand,
FOR bearers of this greeting RC.

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 7

The Word, For, here seems to be meerly supplimental, and
introduced to keep the Verse from halting ; besides that, to dispatch
for Bearers, is a bald and poor Expression. It certainly will
be more in the Stile of Majesty, if we may suppose the Poet
wrote;

3 aud we here dispatch.
Zon, good Cornelius, and Jou, Voltimand,
OUR Bearers of this Greeting &c.

This Speaking in the plural Number connects exactly with the
Beginning of the Sentence last quoted, We have here writ, and

We here dispatch You, and You, Our Bearers of this Greeting to old
Norway. Besides, the Mistake of for instead of our 1s so easy,

that, in the second Folio Edition, it has happen'd again in this
very Act in another Paslage ; and the plain Sense has led the
later Editions to coreCt it. 4

Hlaml. Never to speak of This that you have seen,
baue Hg dard.

Haml. Hic, & ubique? Then we'll [hift FOR Ground.

IX. Ibid.

Giving to you no further personal power 1
OF TREATY ith the King, &c.
This is a Reading adopted, and of a modern Stamp, as I take
itz; either from Want of Understanding the Poet's genuine Words,
or on a Suppolition of their being too {tiff and obsolete. All my
old Copies have it, as I think it ought to be restor'd,
Giving to you no further personal Pow”?
TO BUSINESS with the King, &c.

ye ty on grey PI Ye nerd © ee eg — ="; = — CO — ET —

EKeadiug-

The Examination and Correction

i. e. to negotiate, or transact with him. It is a Licence in our

Poet, of his own Authority, to coin new Verbs both out of Sub-
santives and Adjecti ves; and it is, as we may call it, one of the

Quidlibet audendi's very familiar with him. II throw! in a few

Instances of the like kind, and it were very easy, with little

Pains, to produce a Croud more.

(J.) TEMPEST, pag. 32.

2 Z Setting of thine Eye and Cheek proclaim
ubstantives
made Verbs. A Matter from T hee, and a Birth indecd,

M hich- throes thee much to yield.

Throes signify a Woman's Pains in Child-bearing ; and he here uses the Word
for pains hee, or gives thee those DV:

A * 8⁰ * pag. 54.
2 2 And the Thunder, *
That deep and dreadful Organ-Pipe, Pronounc d VVV 1
1 2 Name of Prosper ; E did base my Trespass, dec. i
5 it did play a terrible Base to it; resounded hoarsely i in a Base-Tone.

(3.) MIDSUMMER Nicurt's DREAM, pag. 138.
Aud as Imagination bodies forth

Type Forms of Things unknown, the Poet*s Pen
Turns them to Sha Pe, &c.

gives them Bodies.

(4.0 Two GENTLEMEN of VERONA, 248: 213.

Recling as little hat betideth me,
As much 1 wish all Good befortune Jon.

08 fall to you by good Fortune.

EL (5) Mr AsUxE for MEASURE, pag. 370.
3 Lord Angelo * dukes it well in his Absence, &c.
as, represents, the Duke. e ( 6.) And

of the Tragedy of HAMLET.

(6.) And again, pag. 371.
Either this is Envy in Tou, Folly, or Mistaking: the very Stream of
his Life, and the Business he hath helm'd, &c.

7 manag'd ; stccr'd, as at the Helm.

a ö 2 8 S ar ee 3 3 =
2 X 7 — * 5 3 © en oy fe, en > he oe. ;

44 . * r * 3 . NN 8 * 8 3 9 SO

Ha. IS OY 3 K . N PITTS, * . 4 — 3 9 4
23542 C4 £255 e N IS; 8 * 5 > Fo D

(7. MERCHANT of VENICE, pag. 20.
Give him Direction for this merry Bond,
And 1 will go and e purse the Ducats rants &c.
"2 1 put them i ina | Purse,
(3 J Kix G LEAx, pag. 49.

— —— I 4 conld as well be brought
T » knee bis T brone, and, "OP, Pen feon teg, &c.

b bend the Knee to,

N i : 'S/ 2 Kent — x 3 wh * r . 88 LES" His 25 5 5
5 2 2 CEN EIS T_T DIC OS e 1 . „ TS OP Lo
1 e E 8 2 ET * r ͤ ͤ¼ed p,, «— til. ẽ᷑ , . ]— MOCT cps e
23222 PV I ear

S I het IEF
N 2 joe 25 COS x

(9) Second Part of Henry IV. Pag. 3 52.

Aud therefore will he wipe his Tables clean,

And keep 10 Tell-tale to his Memory,

That may repeat and history his Loss, &c.
e tell the History of.

0 TREE” PSF, ty ;
air Ly ace BET Ay WIE, Ic AE
aver A W 9 * ** N . e Lf

1 (ic. Hear v. b. 418.

Ss ITED hy . F what read you there,
That hath /o* cowarded and cha d your Blood
Out of Appearance 4

a cd made a Coward of.

£042 HENRY vu. bag. 444.

by CERES EASY 3 R . >
N 4 7 8 AT £ cafes 2
I 4 "IRE OE AT, N W SAT :
bon YRS 8 2 3 Nee 25 8 8 HI re REP OS ES TY 25 — Rr xk)
2 cc PEE I, 06 76 5 5 e

————— Aud his 0WN Letter,
(The Honoarable Board of Council out,)
Hust fetch in Him he * Papers:

marks down on Paper.

The Examination and Correction

( 12.) TrMoNn of ATHENS, pag. 7.
33 His large Fortune,
Vpom his good and gracious Nature hanging,
Subdnes and properties to his Love and Tendance
All Sorts of Hearts. 4

makes them his own; gives him a Property in them.

(13.) So CorroL ANUS, pag. 128.

2 5 ss That to s Powr he would

Heve made them Mules, silenc'd their Pleaders, and
s Disproperty*d their F. reedoms.

took away the Property of.

(14) And again, pag. 200.

Now, by the Jealous Queen of Heaven, that K; 4 :
I carried from thee, Dear; and my true Lip
Hath , virgin d it er since.

2 kept! it as chastely as a Virgin.

(15) Mena, 4s. 547.

3333 Pre seen
Hours dreadfi il, and Things „range; but this fore N; 20br
Hath * trifled former Knowings. 8

7 made N Hes of.

(16,) Arno ur and roter, Pag. 402.

W Wy chew be 1 window'd in great Rome, &c.

4 plac'd in a Window.

IEG 4 wa _ a 2 * 23 * . . As * * . * 4 5 f - — * 22 5

Y I! . j an 5 r 8 ES 7 5 5 * 82 s : SE IE — 2 i . gs n as. 233
ng 0” . x . x 3 n wu Ra "3 * 4 1 1 . a > U r r my, or * ; . N

N Sr. ad At . Cee et TH, ö 7b 8 e V 7 VS N Eo I HRS RE te on * r r Fo . , N q

F the Tragedy of HAMLE 15 11

; (17:) OTHEL LO, pag. 501.
1 —————— He hath atehiev'd a Maid
I That paragons Description and wild Fame.

out· goes, sets a Paragon, or Pattern to.

(18.) TROTLVs, pag. 24.

And with ridiculous and awkard Action
UL hich, Slanderer ! he Imitation calls 5
He pageants vs.

5 ny us "me shews us as in a Pageant.

I am ad of growing too luxuriant in Examples of this sort,
or I could stretch out the Catalogue of them to a great Extent.
I shall only shew by a few Instances that it is as familiar
with him to make V erbs out of Adjecti ves, and so thall return to
1 HAML ET.

09 WIN TENS TALE, hag. 594.

V. bich had been done, „ Proof of
LQJECTIVES
But chas the Wk Mind of Camillo * nacdicd - 8 make Verds;

My feift Command.

stopp'd, made slow, or tardy.

ob I r

NY BOOM e HHBAC 7e
ee e e

(2.) CYMBE L 1 NE, pag. 213.
— You married ones,
If each of you would take this Course, how man Ly

N mur ther Wi ve. much better than them selves
Fon. wrying but a Wee! 5

þ ' going awry. 55 wy

Various

Reading

The Examination and Correction

3.) TROILUS, pag. 111.

Hark ! how Troy roars, how Hecuba cries out,
How poor Andromache *© shrills hey Dolour forth.

© screams shrilly.

4) JULIUS cæsan, pag. 288.

And Nature must obey Necessi ity,
Which ce will * niggard with a little Ref.
4 Wewill make but short Rest, be Niggards of it.

(C.) TITUS AN DRONICUS, pag. 433.
8 Patient your elf, Madam, and pardn 1 me.

e make your self patient.

(6.) ANTHONY and CLEOPATRA, Pag. 322.

— — Aud all this
a wounds thiue Honour that 7 speak it ub)

Was born so like a Soldier, that thy Cheek.
mY; much as * lank*d not.

grew lank, or lean,

49 And, again, page 337.

Age cannot wither ber, nor Custom * stale
Her infinite V. artery.

DE make dale

X. Ibid.

Volt. In that, and all T 8 will we / hs our Duty.
King. We doubt IN nothing, &c.

— : g 2 N 2 : I 8 2 1 88 n N . 2.
% ĩ¹ % Ä-uͤuriunn?!! . . OT RESO
FFF ĩðVy½., T eee . * '

of the Tragedy of HAMLET, 13
All the Editions, that I have seen, read, I think, more rightly, _
We doubt IT nothing.

e. We in no wile doubt, but you will.

XL Ibid. Page 354.

But yo umust know, your father loft a Aae Lege,
That father [ ] his, &c. .

All the Editions, that I have met with, old and modern, (and
1o, I know, the Players to this Day constantly repeat it,) read,

But you must hnow, your Father loft a Father,
1 bat Father lost, lost his; ===

The Rduglicacan of the Word of here gives an Energy and
an Elegance, which is much easter to be conceiv'd, than explain'd
in Terms. Every Reader of this Poet, however, must

have oblerv'd how frequent it is with him to ule this Figure,

(which the Rhetoricians have call'd Anadiplosss ; ) where he intends
either to assert or deny, augment or diminish, or add a
Degree of Yehemence to his Expression. Of this Ulage, were it

necessary, I could bring a great Number of Examples; but the

Instances, that I can at present remember in him, which seem
molt to resemble this before us, are the following.

(1 2 oruEL To, pag. 483.

The Duke does greet Yon, General,

And he requires your hast, post- -hast Appearance
Ev u on the Instant.

(2). First Part of HENRY Iv. pag. 239.

And That would nothing et my Teeth on Edge,
Nothing. /o much as mincing Perry.

14 The Examination and Cyrrection

(3.) And Ro Eo, pag. 272.

Fain would I dwell on Forme, fain, fain deny
IWhat I have spoke.

(4) So Traro v of ATHEN 8, pag. 58. |

I ho dares, uh dares, = | 9

3 In Purity of Manhood, land upright,
And . This Maus a F. lałerer 2

(5) And so MACBET I, pag. 581.

T1 know him NOW. Good Cod betimes remove
* 752. Means, the Means, that nale Us Strangers.

False Point. = 5 F
ng Put. As any th.e must v#/gar thing to Sense.

Correct it,
As any the most vulgar Thin Kc.

XIII. Ibid. Page 355.

False Point- And the king's rowse the heav*n shall bruit again L
"2" Respeaking earthly Thunder.

Read it with a Comma -

And the King's Rowse the Heat? 1 1 ball bruit again,
Re espeaking 9 79 Thunder.

7 of the Tragedy of HAMLET. '15

XIV. Act 1. Scene 3. Page 256.
The King, Queen, and Court, quitting the Stage, HAMLET F ae
remains, and makes a Soliloquy; beginning with this double
Wish, either that his too solid Flesh would melt away into a Dew,

c Pen ec
202 et TIS oz

Or, that the Everlasting had not fit |
His CANNON ?gainft Self-slaughter. = - -

SSC IO BED ˙²˙ eĩ; . ns Ce i Ft

There is a various Reading upon this Passage, as Mr. Po PE

might have observ'd, which, in my Opinion, merits a Consideration,
and, possibly, may. give us the Poet's own Words. If he
wrote it as it now stands, his Thought is, Or that the Almighty had
not planted his Artillery, his Resentment, or Arms of Vengeance

against Self. murther: But the Quarto Edition, published in 1503.
23 (which, indeed, has no other Authority, than its professing to be
printed from the Original Copy ;) and the Impression of Hamr E

Tet out by Mr. Hughs, Both read, |

5 3 Are Ins c 2 [oo 1
L oe t ate, Ate cr et. e
S N e F
e 2 NES 8 e

Or that the Everlasiing had not fixt
His CANON gainsi Self-slaughter.

I. e. That he had not restrain'd Suicide by his express Law, and
peremptory Prohibition, It is a Word that SHAKESPEARE has used in
some others of his Plays; and the Mistake of the Printers is so
very easy, betwixt a double and a single u, in Cannon and Canon,
that it has actually happen'd elsewhere in our Author upon both
these very Words. e 5 e

CoRIOLANUS, pag. 148.
Hear you this Triton of the Minnows ? mark you
His absolute Shall? BH
Comin. *Twas from the CANON.

” , < — — — —— ———k4ʒ —
rr er ve” ew —— atreoe® wy — I 069. a

16 The Examination and Correction
i. e. from the Mouth of the Law, as Mr. Po PE rightly understands
it; tho the second Folio Edition has it corruptly, Tas
from the Cannon. So again, on the other hand, twice in the
second Act of King JoHx, the second Folio Edition has it;

The Canons have their Bowels full of Wrath, &c.

And afterwards,
Their batt*ring Canon, charged to the Mouths, &c.
Tho' tis manifest, in both Places, it ought to be Cannon, with a
double ua. I cannot help throwing in one Instance more, because
the Error has not only obtained in the old and common
Modern Editions, but has likewise got a new Sanction in
Mr. PoPEz's Edition. B Bs 25

TIMON, pag. 59.
Religions CANNONS, civil Laws are cruel,
Then what should War be? 1

The Propagation of this Fault is manifestly owing to the Negligence
of Revisal; and all future Impressions must correct it,
Religious Canons, Wc. But to pass from these Mistakes of
the Press, there is another Passage in King JohN, where the Poet
uses the Word Canon to signify Decree or Ordinance, pag. 129.

PR A — * a * _— CC bande > © 4 „ 28 — < — 4
— — ; ms T2 — = — w- = 3 * r — . No wy « —
um a — —— —— Atos ” * * — 4 35 4 - 1 9 _ ' a - * — — 9 — es — —— — * — — . —— — —
— —⏑ r en or ent 123 28 : I er SER Gong. — 122 I - * — . — : - - — . >
4 . 2 rr Xa iu Wer SECRET r pet - z — — ; <2 I => 2 5 2 —

* — — * »— <a 7 * DOSE 2

po «> whoa

42 IOW YL

TT The CANON of the Law is laid on him, &c.

So in CORIOL ANUS, pag. 119, 120.
Wherel find bim, were it
At home, upon my Brothe;”s Guard, even there

[| x Against the hospitable CANON would I

IWash my fierce hand in's heart.

But besides that the Poet frequently employs the Terme, I have
1 285 two or three Reasons more which induce me to think, that, in
this Place of HAMLET, he intended the Injunction, rather than
the

"0 6 1 0 2 * * - * * 4 k, q
Wig on . ³ A ⁰⁰⁰ʒ Day pa
De. I 2 . * N => —_ --” a" HE y - EM 47
> . „ e E ² BITES TNF £ 4

3 22 SS Py 8 8 8 * 5 I v.... ̃ 1X11. RIS = IIS 1% 8
2 Cn 2 * 2 5 + 2 7 e Wo 12 * * goo ot _ EL OE et, $3 * 8 e
2 1 NN $4 . 2 MII N a S543 The of I NE f $2 * Res V- 2 r 8
Fa 2 82 2 « 2 7 FRY. Cal wen, > OSA 3s POR r . 7 ! 5 «
bs 8 FAIT Wes 8. e ar CAGED „ * e ee N. e 1 b 2 *

of the Tragedy of HAMLET.

the Artillery of Heaven. In the first Place, I much doubt the
Propriety of the Phrase, fixing Cannon, to carry the Meaning

here supposed. The Military Expreflion, which imports what

would be necessary to the Sense of the Poet's Thought, is,
mounting or planting Cannon: And whenever Cannon is said to
be f d, it is when the Enemy become Masters of it, and nail it

down. In the next Place, to fix a Canon or Law, is the Terme

of the Civilians peculiar to this Business. This Firgil had in his

Mind, when he wrote, Eneid VI.

e Leges Foie pretio, atque refixir.

And it was the constant Custom of the Romans to say, upon

this Occalion, figere legem; as the Greeks, before them, used the
Synonymous Term, Tzezrizu, But my last Reason, and

which sways most with me, is from the Poet's own Turn and

Cast of Thought : For, as he has done in a great many more Instances,
it is the very Sentiment which he falls into in another
of his Plays, tho' he has cloath 'd it in different Expressions.

c ET VE, Pag. 178.

—— *Gainst Self Nanghter
There is a PROHIBITION {6 Gvine,
That cravens 2 weak Hand,

3 Ibid.

Aer ker as has Gnish 4 the two before mentioned Wishes,

He falls into this Descant on the Grossness of the World, and

on his Mother's hasty Marriage with his Uncle.

How Weary, Hale, flat, and unprofitable [ ]
Seem to me all the uses of this world [?]
Fie owt! oh fie! tis an untweeded Garden []
That grows to Seed ; things rank, and gross in nature ]
Possess it meerly L] that it should come thus L.
But two months dead ! &. _
3 Besides

False Points
ing, and va»
rious Reads.

1 The Examination and Correfion

Besides that the Hemistich - that it should come thus, . is
very mean and bald, as well as very indifferent English ; I think,
the Editor ought to have taken Notice, that there is a various
Reading of old Date; which I verily believe to be the true One,
because it makes the Passage much more elegant, and connective
with what follows. The whole Paslage should be pointed, and
stand thus;

[| 7 How weary, stale, flat, and unprofitable,

1 „ Seem to me all the Vses of this World !

N | Fie owt ! oh, fie! *Tis an unweeded Garden,

Te That grows to Seed: Things rank, and gross in T_

Possess it meerly. -- That it should come tO this : - 12

i But Tuo Months dead! &c.

f I.!bis is an Exclamation that our Poet makes his Lear, when _
in the Height of Agony for his Daughter 8 Ingratitude to him,
| 8 5 stopping short his — break into?

LEARN, bas · 27:
5 = Old fond Eyer,
Beweep her once again, PII pluck you out,

And cast you, with the Waters that you 22
To temper Cl. Ha! Is it come to this ?

— . _—_— 2 Nr „ — — »
— ——ůů— — — ———— — — — "or: a : .
nr ˙ i.!’ T mů Tone eur rr TOP nr amor wr = worur now war, SE us" 2's

—ͤ—ü—ĩ—J ³ —— —ꝓͤP—ũͤé — — — E23 —ů Co — — — p — —

-4 * — © bk 2 7 b —
9 8 As 1 e ” {as 5.2 25 . 2 5 Cs bo y
16S r . N 5 rann oo a 7 3 2 #5 83 2d 7
D . „ ; xk 5 0 * 5 N. 3 82 2 K. 4 of 1 ch:

so likewise Cleopatra, when Anthony | 18 railing and taxing her with :
Incontinence, for suffering Cesar's Agent to kiss her hand, surprized
at the Extremity of his Jealousy, cries out, pag. 381.

— — — Ob! Tv come to this ?

| 5 So HAMLET, here, having made his general Reflexions upon
the Grossness of the World, breaks into an Interjetion of Sur-
rize at once, and turns his Thoughts in particular upon his
Mother's Conduct with Regard to her second Marriage: And so
1 proceeds gradually 1 to the Consideration of her late Husbands
Tenderness

Is.

of the Tragedy of HAMLET

Tudo to her, and a Comparison betwixt him and her present
Consort.

Ho excellent a king, that was, to this,
Hyperion to a Satyr: Co loving to my Mother,
That he permitted not the winds of Heawn
Visit her face too roughly,

Emendation.

Here, again, is a Passage i in which we have a fopbislicated Reading,
copied from the Players in some of the Modern Editions, for

Want of understanding the Poet, whose Text is corrupt in the

old Impressions : All of which, that I have had the Fortune to
Tee, read,

——— — So aving 70 my Mother,

That he might not BETEE NE the I inds of. Heav? 1
V. 1/it her Face too —

Tis true, there is no such Word in English, that I hi of,

as beteene; and yet I am verily perswaded, our Author's Words
were so very like it, that it is only a Corruption from the Mistake
of a single Letter, and two Words getting too close together.

See, how ealy a Change restores you the Poet's own Words and
Meaning.

- ===----- &9 loving to my Mather,
T hat he might nt LET EEN the I. inds of Head
Visit her Face to0 roughly.

XVII. Ibid.

3 Married with mine Uncle,

My futher's brother; L] no more like my F. ar her,
Than I to Hercules.

k 2 Thus

Various ©

Reading.

20 The Examination and Correction

Thus Mr. Po PE reads it, with a nice Regard to the Numbers;
not considering how perpetually the Poet, as I before remark'd,
melts a Syllable in Pronunciation. The Generality, if not All,
of the Editions have 1t with an emphatical Disjunttive in the

Middle of the Reflexion.

Married with mine Uncle,
My Father's Brother: - but 120 more like my F. _
Than I to Hercules:

XVIII. Act 1. Scene 4. Page 350.

False Prin- To- nigbte together &c.

Correct, with all the Editions,
—— Two Nights rogether &c⸗

There is no more > Reason for the Hyphen here, than there would
be a little lower at this Verse, - 2,

Aud I with them the third Night held &c:
XIX. Ibid.

Haml. Indeed, I Sir, but This troubles ne.

The second Folio Edition (as Mr. Popz might have obsery d,
who in so many Passages has a particular Regard to the Numbers)
makes a full Verse of this; i

Indeed, Indeed, Irs, but This troubles me.

Which Reduplication of the Word seems to give a much stronger
Emphasis to Hamlets Concern,

XX. Ibid.

It.

OY TIED * N FR 8 1 5 : * Fx 8 ans 8g 1 93 2 22 . A * TIES 95 5 5 * * {4 = 2
CPU ꝰ˙m. ñ mx yx ˙ ·˙·

of the Tragedy of HAMLET.
XX. Ibid. Page 359.

Haml. His Beard was grisly?
Hor. It was, as have seen it in his Life,
A sSable-fitver” d.

Here again, with the old Editions, the Hyphen ought to be remov

d, and we must read,

AS able verd. f

i. e. 4 black, ( subintellig. Beard; and the Adjective is put like 2
Sufantive, grown W hite, or ler d over with 2

2 AQ I. Scene 5. Page 360, 1.

————— — must fear []
His greatness weigh d, his will is not his orn.

As this 18 pointed, the Sense is absolutely maim'd ; for Great.
ness appears the Accusative Case to the Verb fear: Whereas, in

the Poet's Meaning, it is an Ablative absolute, Read it therefore,
-

noon tet or ust oor.
His Greatness weighd, his Will is not his own.

That is, his Greatness being weighd or consider d by you, you

mult have this Fear, that his Will is not in his own Power, but
subject to the State.

XXII. bid. Page 36r.
————— For on his Choice depend;

False Print-

False Point

8 onjefturat

The SANCTITY and Health of the whole State. 1

11 ao not well understand the Force, or Reason, of the Word
Sanctity in this Place, Does it mean the Sacrednels and Revef
„% an rence

—— — R242 œꝓͤC—ꝓ—— — —

— — —— % W . - 2 a v%

n 6 DA > —

* 4 r „„ . w . ˙mm Oe TEEN. Pr Ig ——

The Examination and Correction

rence due to Majesty? They could not so well suffer by Haar ETS
Choice of a Wite ; but the Health, or Preservation, of the State
might, in some Degree, be concerned by it. The Quarto Edition
of 1637 has a Various Reading, which I find Mr. Hughs
has espoused in his Impression of this Play, viz. The Safety and

Health &c. The Meaning, tis true, of the Poet is here implied,

tho' not expressd in his ownTermes; but the Versification
is miserably crippled by it. To depart therefore not above a
Letter or two from the present Reading for the Poet's own
Word, as I conceive ; suppose, he might have wrote,

for on his Choice depends
The SANITY, and Health, of the whole State.
i. e. The Welfare, Preservation &c. The Word Sanity might not
be so well known to the first Editors, as the other; as therefore
suspecting it a Mistake of their Copy, they, with the more Readiness,

might substitute Sanctity in its Room. Not but this

very Term occurs again afterwards in the second Act of this Play.
And that Sanity and Health, put together, may not be thought

a Tautology to be question'd in our Author, in the next Passage,
where I find it, it is likewise joined with a Synonymous

Word of its own Efficacy and Signification.
HAMLET, page. 386.
How pregnant, sometimes, his Replies are?
A Happiness that often Madness hits on,
Which SANITY and Reason could not be
So prosp rously deliver*d of.

For by Sanity here is meant not the Health of Body, but Soundness
of Understanding. Now, to shew how natural it 1s for the Press
to make a Mistake betwixt Words so like one another, as Sanity

and Sanity: It happens that the Quarto Edition of HAL EU, which
I above mentioned, printed in 1703. reads the very Paslage,
last quoted, in this corrupt Manner: =--- How pregnant sometimes
his Replies are! 4 Happiness that often Madness hits on,

which

1 A S DE = A ee
on CO I, IE e _- Rds e .

rr find ²³ c ͤ d RE
e / SEE IE EeEEIetDT, SE pr a Ee r

of the Tragedy of HAMLET.

which Reason and Sanctity could not so happily be deliver'd of. Here
Sanctity, as in the other Passage, is erroneously substituted in the

Place of Sanity. And to deal freely, I have suspected that the

same literal Slip upon this Word has been made in another Passage
of our Poet: I lay, it has been a Suspicion of mine; for I
urge it no farther than as such, and with the utmost Diffidence.
However, I {hall give it here, as Occasion offers, and submit it
to the Decision of better Judgments. The Place is in Macbeth,

pag. 580. where Malcolme, Macduff, and an English Physician,

are talking of the extraordinary Gift to King Edward the Confessor,
of curing by his Touch poor Souls that could find no

Relief from the Aid of Physick, in that Distemper which succeeding
Times have call'd the King's Evil. The Words are these :

Malc. .. Comes the King forth to Day?
Doctor. Ay, Sir; There are a Crew of wretched Souls
That stay his Cure; their Malady convinces
The great Assay of Art. But at his Touch,
Such SANCTITY hath Heaven given his Hand,
They presently amend. |

I do not enirely object to this Reading that has the Warrant
of all the Copies on its Side; nor am I at a Loss, I think, to
understand its Meaning. Edward the Confessor was a Man of
singular Holiness, for which Heaven bless'd him with that miraculous

Power of curing by a Touch. But did the Sanctity of
his Hand do these Cures? Or was it an healing Property imparted
by Heaven, inReward of his rare Piety ? Certainly, the latter :

And This has induc'd me to suspect that our Poet wrote;

obs 6. But at his Touch, |
Such SANITY hath Heaven giv'n his Hand,
T hey presently amend. Ls

i. e. Such a Quality and Power of making whole all whom he touches.

This Conjecture, perhaps, will receive some Strength from cer-

2 train Expreslions in the Reply of Malcolme to this Account of
the Doctor. 5 5 | | | A

The Examination and Correction

A most miraculous Work iu this good King;

I hich often since my here- remain in England,
Prue seen him do. How he sollicits heav'n,
Himself best knows; bat strangely-visited People,
All sewolu and ulc rous, pitiful to the Lye,
The meer Despair of Surgery, he cures;

to every good Judge's Sense and Understanding,
VXVXIII. AG 1. Scene 6. Page 362.
Conjetaral | | 125

n Zet here, Laertes ! get aboard for shame [,

from a Vari= The wind sits in the shoulder of your Sail,
vas Reading. |

And you are staid for L] there L. ] My Blessing with you;

Here again the Editor seems in the first Verse to have a nice
Regard to the Numbers. In all the old Editions, that I have
seen, the first Verse is; RES

Zet here, Laertes / Aboard, aboard, for Shame;

why is not --- And you are staid for - as good, and as full
Sense as And you are staid for there? This Adverb in theClose
seems a dragging and an idle Expletive ; and of no Use but to
support the Measure of the Verse. But if we come to point
this Passage right, and to the Poet's Intention in it, we shall
find it neither unnecessary, nor improper, in its Place. In the

11 Hanging a Golden Stamp upon their Necks,

Put on with holy Prayers: And, tis spoken,

To the succeeding Royalty he leaves

I! | The healing Benedifion - - - - --

Is I shall leave it here naked, without any reinforcing, to be em-
1s braced, or rejected, at every Reader's Pleasure : Being resolved
not to draw upon my self the Odium of imposing what I professed

to offer but as a Guels ; or the Chance of being laughed
at for too fondly maintaining what may happen to be repugnant

But the Variation is of no Moment. But then, in the third Line,

Speech

of the Tragedy of HAMLET: 25

Speech immediately preceding this, Laertes taxes himself for
staying too long: but seeing his Father approach, he is willing
to stay for a Second Blessing, and kneels down to that End.

Laer. T stay too long 3 - But here my Father comes:
A double Blessing is a double Grace
Occasion smiles upon a second Leave. [Kneeling.

Polonius gives him his Blessing accordingly ; and therefore it

ought to be read, (as I perceive my TWO Quarto Editions of 1637,

and 1703, have it;) in Support of my Conjecture.

Zet here, Laertes! Aboard, aboard, for Shame :
The Wind sits in the Shoulder of your Sail,
And you are staid for. - - - There, - - - my Blessing with you ;
I. Laying his Hand on Laertess Head*

XXIV. Ibid. Page 36g.

What 151, Ophelia, he [ ] said FO you 2 Omission sup-

All my Editions have it, more numerously

What irt, Ophelia, he hath said bon
XXV. mal Page 363
—— Tender your self more dearly ; i | 2
Or (not to crack the wind of the poor phrasey j Reading,

BY] i and Conjec-
VWRONGING it thus, you'll tender me a fool. rural Emendation.

The second Folio Edition and Mr. Hughs's read, Roaming it
thus, --- Which Word, indeed, as our Etymologisis explain it, metaphorically
takes in our Poet's Meaning: and in such Sense is frequently

used by him in several others of his Plays. But as, Wronging

it, has the Authority of several old Books, we may correct the Passage
with much less Variation from the present Text, thus:

Tender your self more dearly ,
Or, (not to crack the Wind of the poor Phrase,)
RANGING it thus, youll tender me a Fool.

26 The Examination and Correction
i. e. You, behaving yourself with so much Carelessness and Liberty,
will bring me into Contempt for not taking stricter Care
of your Conduct. |

XXVI. Act. 1. Scene 6. Page 364.

Corjectural OPHELIA having received the Addresses of HAMLET, Polonius,

ne” her Father, takes her to Task for Indiscretion in too lightly

giving an Ear to the Prince's Protestations. He tells her, that
HAMLET may walk with a greater Latitude, than her Honour
and Reputation will admit her to imitate : And besides that,
being in the Heat of Youth, and professing himself a Lover,

his Soul was prodigal to lend his Tongue Vows; which Polonius

cautions her to look upon not as the real Sentiments of his

Heart, but as Baits to betray her Virtue. Upon which he counsels

her thus:
57 2 In few, Ophelia,
Do not believe his vows ; for they are brokers,
Not of that die which their investments shew
But meer implorers of unholy suits,
Breathing like sanfified and pious BONDS,
The better to beguile. = - == - =

Thus indeed all the Impressions, which have ever come in my

Way, read this Passage; even that Edition of HAMLET, revised

by the late accurate Mr. John Hughs. I must own, I have always

stumbled at it; and been surprized how Men of Genius

and Learning could let it pass without some Suspicion. What

Ideas can we form to our selves of a breathing BOND, or of

its being sanctisied and pious? Surely, so absurd a Thought

could scarce come from SHAKESPEARE. The only tolerable
Way of reconciling it to a Meaning without a Change, 1s to
suppose that the Poet intends by the Word Box Ds, Verbal Ob.
ligations, Protestations ; and then, indeed, these Bonds may, in
{ome Sense, be said to have Breath: But this is to make him guilty
of overstraining the Word and Allusion; and it will Ares

Y . 4 RIES - -< PANT — he e
8 r . - Ay ra : "RN T 5 Cav bo ate f
n 99 25 2 2 1 5 2 3 e F< 2 4 S
7 7 3 2 FOE 8 -
4 2 e ee * 3 a

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. : 27

bear that ig oa at least, not without much Obscurity.
As he, just before, is calling amorous Vows, Brokers, and Implorers
of unholy Suits; I think, a Continuation of the plain and
natural Sense directs us to an easy Emendation, which makes the
whole Thought of a Piece, and gives it a Turn not unworthy of
our Poet. I am, therefore, very willing to suspect it came from

his Pen thus, tho none of his Editors have ever been aware of

22 In few, Ophelia,

Do not believe his Vows: ; for they are Brokers,
Not of that Dye which their Investments shew,
But meer Implorers of unholy Suites,

Breathing like sanCtified and pious BAWDS,

The better to .

It is usual with our Poet, as 1 Critical Readers mut have observed,

to give those infamous Creatures the Style and Title of

Brokers; of which it may not be amiss to subjoin a few Examples.
In his wo Gentlemen of Verona, page, 161. Lucetta,
the Servant of Fulia, having received a Love-Letter to her

Mistress as in her Name, Julia, who has a Mind to shew a Dislike

of this Proceeding i in her Maid, thus repremands her.

Now, by my Modesty, a goodly BROKER: *
Dare you presume to harbour wanton Lines?
To whisper and conspire against my Youth ?
Now, trufl me, "tis an Office of great Wor th;
And Jou an Officer fit for the Place.

3 Where it is plain that Broker is used but as a more node Word
for Bawd; 1 the Business of such a One 1 is describ d in the Lines
E | that 1 it.

So likewise in 4% well that ends well, pag. 420. Helena, dis-

3 | * coursing with the Widow her Hostels, concerning Count R/
e Conduct; and the Widow intimating that her Daughter

3 Diana

The Examination and Correction

Diana might have an Affair with him, if she pleas d; Helena says
that, It may be, the amorous Count sollicits her in the unlawful
Purpose: To which the Widow replies,

ee Hie does indeed,
And brokes with all that can in such a Suit
Corrupt the tender Honour of a Maid.

Where brokes, or brokers, evidently implies --- tampers with,
treats with, as with Bamds. 8

So likewise in King JohN, page 142. Falconbridge descanting on

Persons were subservient to it, and, as it were, seduc'd and betray d

to forsake Virtus thro' its Instigations, uses these Expressions .

That BROKER, that still breaks the Pate of Faith,
That daily Break-V ow, He that wins fat
Of Kings, of Beggars, Old Men, Toung Men, Maids,
Who having no external Thing to lose 5
But the Word Maid, cheats the poor Maid of That, &c.

And, afterwards, a little lower he subjoins,

This BAWD, this BROKER, &c.

BESIDES, what strengthens my Suspicion, and makes this Emendation

the more neceslary and probable, is, the Words with which
the Poet winds up his Thought, the better to beguile. Every Body,

I believe, is satisfied that it is the Custom of Bawds to put on
an Air and Form of Sanctity, to betray the Virtues of Young
Ladies; by drawing them first into a kind Opinion of them, from
their exterior and dissembled Goodness. And Bawds in their Oftice

of Treachery are likewise properly Brokers; and the Implorers,

and Promoters, of unholy (that is, unchaste) Suits ; and so
a Chain of the same Metaphors is continued to the End,

XXVII.

Commodity and Self. Interest, and how all Ranks and Degrees of 2

Father's Apparition, a Noise of Warlike Musick is heard: Which

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 29
XXVII.

Wx come now to a degraded Passage, as Mr. PoPE stiles it; 3
that is, One not receiv'd into the Text, but plac'd (as suspected, Ve”
and too bad to belong to SHAKESPEARE};) at the Bottom of his Page.

I must transcribe the whole Passage, tho' long, before I attempt
to set it right ; because it happens to labour under false Spelling,
false Pointing, false Reading, false Concord, and flat Nonsense.

Mr. PoE introduces the Verses with this short Note. [ These
21 Lines following are in the first Edition, but since left out, perhaps

being thought too 1 Since left out ? --- I have a Quarto
Edition, which, I suppose, Mr. PoE never saw ; (printed by
R. Young and John Smethwicke, in the Year 1637.) where they
are not left out; but inserted with an Addition, which, tho very

corruptly printed, when amended, I doubt not will appear to

be of our Author's own Writing: And they are again inserted in
the other Quarto Edition publish'd in 1703, and in the Hamrer

revised by Mr. Hughs. So that they have not been left out, altogether,

from the Time of the firs# Publication. But to the

—_—_ - ooo: „ %% ͤò
HAMLET, holding the Watch with Horatio, in Order to see his at et

Horatio desirous to know the Meaning of, HAMLET tells him, that

the King fat up to drink, and whenever he took his Draught,

the Kettle-Drum and Trumpet proclaim'd the Triumph of his

Pledge. Horatio asking, whether it was a Custom ; HAMLET replies,

Yes; but one that, in his Opinion, it were better to
break, than observe : And then falls into the following Reflexion,
how the Danes were reproach'd for Drunkenness, and what a

Blot that Character was in their Escutcheons.

(r ) This heavy-headed revel, east and west Ls

(2.) Makes us traduc'd, and tax*'d of other nations [/]
(3-) They CLIP us drunkards, and with fivinish phrase
Soil our addition; and indeed it takes —

Fron

The Examination and Correction
From our atchievements, tho? perform*d at height,
The pith and marrow of our attribute.
(4.) So [J off it chances in particular men,
(5.) That for some vicious MOLE of nature in them,
As in their birth (wherem they are not guilty,
(6) Vince nature cannot chuse his origin []J)
By the overgrowth of some complexion,
Oft breaking down the pales and forts of reason ;
Or, by some habit, that too much &er-leavens
The forme of plausive manners ; that these men
Carrying, I say, the stamp of one defect,
(7,8) (Beingnature's livery, or fortune's START J)
(9.0 Is virtues else, be they as pure as grare,
As infenite as man may undergo, _
1 Shall in the general censure take corruptiunn
(i From that particular fault. - -- [The Dram of EASE
(11.) Doth all the noble substance of A DOUBT
20 bis on Scandal] = „

I cox now to the Corrections, in which I'll endeavour to be
as brief as the Proofs, in Support of them, will give me Leave.
The first Three Lines are mighty easily rectified, being only accidentally,

as I suppose, wrong pointed; and one Word as accidentally,
for Want of due Care in the Revisal, wrong spelt :

Which Mistakes, however, both alter and injure the Sense.
They must be read, as some of the Editions rightly have them.

0% This heauy-headed Re vel, cast and west,
e Makes us traduc d, aud tax of other Nations ;
(3.) They CLEPE us Drunkards, - ----

The Sense and Signification are very different betwixt the Words
Clip and Clepe; and the latter is manifestly intended here, viz.
They call us Drunkards. The same Error has flipt the Editor's
Diligence in another of our Author's Plays, where this Word
occurs again in the Sense of calling: 8

In which Place it must be corrected,

wil be a Cli pper.

MACBETH, pag. 552.
—— 2 Water. rugs, and demy-wobves are CLIPT e e
All by the Name of Dogs. ;

2 — I, ater-rugs, and demy-wolves are CLEP'T

All by &c.

And i yclep' d, and yclep' Y are to be met with an bunte

Times in Chaucer, Spenser, and Hudibras. But, in another Place

3 E our Poet, I observe, the Editor has taken Care to spell this
q | Word as it ought to be.

WinTzxs Ta LE, pag. 58.

Three crabbed Months had fowr” d them ;sekves to | Death,
E' re I could make thee open thy white Hand,

And CLE PE thy self my Love : y Then dst Thou utter,
In ours for ever.

Now, to Clip, is illegally to cut or maim the Coin; and likewise

to gripe or embrace: In Both which Senses SHAXzsPE Art has more
han once used the Word. As, in the Sense of cutting the Coin,

1 0 1.) KEN i in King LEAR, pag. 93.

To be acknowledg'd, Madam, is 0 erpaid ;
All my Reports go with the modest Truth,
Nor more, nor clipt, but so.

| 6 ) So, King Hevrr . in the Play which bears his Name,

Indeed, the French may lay twenty French Crowns so one they will
beat us, for they bear them on their Shoulders : But it is no English
Treason to cut French Crowns, and to morrow the King himself

F the Tragedy of HAMLET. "Tt

32 The Examination and Correction
So, in the other Sense of embracing,

(1.) King For, pag. 188.
O Nation, that Thou couldft remove.
That Neptune's Arms, who clippeth Thee about &e.

(2.) COR IOLANUS, pag. 179.
——— -- Here I clip
T, he Anvil of my Sword, &c.

(3.) Avrhoxr and C Fn PATRA, pag. 351:
WWhate*er the Ocean pales, or & &y in-clips,
1s thine, if thou wilt bat.

(4-) er 177 pag. 157. ö
His meaneft Garment,
That ever hath but clipt bis Bouy, dc .

(5.) And again, pag. 239.
Unknown to you, unsought, were clipt about
With this most tender Air.

(6.) And so OTHzLLo, pag. 542: | _
Witness, you ever-burning Lights above. Y
2 ou Elements 5 that clip us round about !
Occasional There 3 is one Place, indeed, in which Mr. Pop, and Cats of
Correction. 3
the former Editors, have writ this Word differently; but it 3
to be corrected.

1 1 2 4 FA, * 8 —
N 85 * - 2 3 2 4 N 1 n 2
8 * Gn Wo . n

of the Tragedy of HAMLET.

Second Part of HENRT VI. pag. 169.
And now loud houling M olves arouse the Fades,
That drag the Tragic melancholy Night :
IW ho with their drowsy, slow, and flagging Wings
Cleap dead Mens Graves ;

It should be, clip dead Mens Graves, if I understand the Sense

of the Paslage; i. e. clasp, hover over, brood upon &c. But to return

to the Passage immediately under Correction.

(4) So[Joft it chances in particular Men,
(5. That for some vicious MOLE of narure in them,
155 As in their birth (wherem they are not guilty, 5
(6) Lince nature cannot chuse his origin [])
By the Gergrowth of some complexion,
Oft breaking down the pales and forts of reason 5

What Relation is there betwixt a vicious Mole of Nature, and the
Orver-growth of a Complexion? Or how can a Vicious Mole be

said, or suppos'd, in any Degree to break down the Fences of

Reason, or blemish the Understanding? A Mole is an exterior Defect,
appearing upon the Surface of the Skin: and the Overgrowth

of a Complexion is, as I take it, an unequal Admixture

of the Temperaments in the Frame and Compolition of our Nature;
thro' which we become faulty by the Defect of some good,
or the Redundance of some ill, Quality. I am unwilling to be

2 too positive in my Corre tion of this Place; but, I think from

the 'Tenour of the Context, there is great Room to conjecture

that our Author wrote;

So, oft it chances in particular Men,
That for some vicious MOULD of Nature in them, &c.

When Nature is unequally and viciously moulded, when any
Complexion is too predominant, these Accidents may have an

Effect

False Poiutings,
and E-
mendation.

The Examination and Correction

Effect both on Constitution, and the Intellectual Faculties too; and
then Reason, and the other Powers of the Mind, are impair'd
and prejudic'd : And this I conceive to have been the Poet's Sentiment.
To make Amends for my Doubt and Diffidence in this
last Correction, I'll venture to be more positive in the Next I
attempt.

That these Men,
Carrying, T say, the Stamp of one defect,
(Being nature's livery, or fortune's STAR LJ)

The Poet is insinuating, that Men carrying the Stamp but of

one Defect, whether it be Nature's Livery, or Fortune's Star,
(that is, whether it is owing to Nature, or Accident; ) That

{hall in Character overpoise and blemish the whole Catalogue of
their Virtues; and give them the Mark of vicious and corrupt
Men. But is Fortune presum'd to give a Star, where she means

a Diserace? I should much rather suppose it an Ensign of her

Favour, than design'd to set a Mark of Infamy. In short, the
Cure of this Fault is so easy and obvious, that, I doubt not, but
my Readers will acquiesce with me in thinking, that the Poet's

Words were; 8
(Being Natures Livery, or Fortunes S CA R/)

And so the Sense of the whole Passage hangs together. I am
very willing to believe that our Poet intends Nature's Livery as

a Term of Reproach, and the Distinction of some discrediting
Quality And, in this Light, I find him using it in his Poem,

calld, TARQUIN and LUCRECE, pag. 41.

Oh! That is gone, for which I sought to live,
And therefore now I need not fear to die;
To clear this Spot by Death, at least I give
A Badge of Fame to Slander's LIVERY;
Aying Life to living Infamy.

ß / %% / ͥ ˙ivwͥ ·ᷣ A 8 r ; 84 r 8 55 I
5 2 2 v Fs OS n * 5 * — 9 0 YL 3 — 22 Wa: INS Co Set SS

7 Cs er es
bs FP I OS En ES VVV 8
e ee , AHF = io Ws FR NO * : * N

8 9/5 $Þ.- 2 A * E FL .

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 25

And the Word Scar is employ'd by our Poet, not only, in its
natural Sense, to signify a Wound in Body; but, metaphorically,
a Blemish to Reputation. So, in his AyTronr and
CLEOPATRA, pag. 379.

The SCARS upon your Honour, therefore, he
Does pity as constrained BLEMISHES,
Not as deservd. =

(9.) HIS Virtues else, be They as pure as Grace, Emendation,

The Poet speaking all along before in the plural Number, as,
in particular Men, that these Men &c. it is neceslary, to preserve
the Concord, to read here; FR: |

THEIR 7irtnes else, &c.

Not but it is frequent with SHARE ESEANE, whether thro' Negligence,
or Licentiousness, to change his Numbers in this

FF 94m Gur + hs 1 3 2.48 We 3 5 | Omission _
I coME now to the concluding Sentence of this degraded 8

Paslage 3 EE | Emendation.

(eo) d The Das F EASE
(11.) Doth all the noble Substance of A DOUBT
To his own Scandal. }
Which, indeed, looks to be so desperate, that, I suppose, Mr.
PoPE for that Reason only entirely left it out of his Quotation,

In reality, I do not know a Paslage, throughout all our Poet's |
Works, more intricate and deprav'd in the Text, of less Meaning
to outward Appearance, or more likely to baffle the Attempts

of Criticism in its Aid. It is certain, there is neither Sense, Gram.

mar, nor English, as it now stands : Yet with a flight Alteration
Il endeavour not only to give it all three, but a Sentiment too,

thar shall make the Poet's Thought close nobly. What can a
Dram of EAsE mean? or what can it have to do with the Context,
supposing it were the albwed Expression here? Or, in a

Word,

The Examination and Correction

Word, what Agreement in Sense is there betwixt a Dram of Ease
and the Substance of a DouBT? It is a desperate Corruption; and
the nearest Way to hope for a Cure of it, is, to consider narrowly
what the Poet must be supposed to have intended here. The
whole Tenour of the Sentences foregoing, 1s, That let Men have
never so many, or so eminent, Virtues, if they have one Defe

which accompanies them, that single Blemish shall throw

a Stain upon their whole Character; and not only so, (if I understand
him right,) but shall deface the very Eflence of all
their Goodnels, to its own Scandal; 1o that their Virtues them-
{elves will become their Reproach. This is not only a Continuation

of his Sentiment; but carries it up with a fine and

proper Climax. I think, therefore, it ought to be reftor'd ;

8 AD The Dram of BA SE
oth all the noble Substance of WORTH OUT
To his own Scandal. -

The Dram of Base, i. e. the least Alloy of Baseness or Vice. It
is very frequent with our Poet to use the Adjective of Quality
instead of the Substantive signifying the Thing. Besides, I have

observ'd that, elsewhere, {peaking of Worth he delights to consider

it as a Quality that adds Weight to a Person, and connects

the Word with that Idea, So, particularly, in All's Well that
ends well. Pag. 417.

Let every Word weigh heavy of ber WORTH,
That he does weigh too light.

And I am the more inclin'd to flatter my self that my Emendation
may have retriev'd the Poet's very Words, because I find

him using something like the same Thought and Metaphors in

another of his Plays, and putting the same Terms of Baseness

and Worth in Opposition to One another.

0 3 3 2 ; . A ag 1
e £. Cx Me 2 5 * FE
ORE 2 n * 8 BEN Fu. * .
r rr r een

WY ie 4 2
wy 5 Cons” 2 - 3
CES 1 pn, ; HEE 8 1 5 7
> *% * . ” i 8 N 1 7 - N * a - 7 1 r n * 8
2 DN" $ 2 28 wt. * K #7 f 2 5 S333 ³ĩA oe ⁰ ns 9 We, f
. 3 - a2” v "FI : N n — SLRS Ie. g . I sad neat oe Ir es 89 e 47 NN $I X = — w >
P r . ͤ tr onto . 4 12 E AY, DOES g | ES: * .
> RE Oe Ea APA i STREET i NS LE arc bt he ee AIR

TRY; iy
SISA BASE

JJC ͤ ²˙ ˙¼w!in :!!! a ore dE
FOTO LR OOTY, ho py rr LO BgALIY.,\ 2 He on

of the Tragedy of HAMLET,
CYMBELINE, pag. 185.

From whose so many Weights of BASENESS cannot
4 Dram of WORTH ve drawn.

of this Practice 1 in him.

49 MEASURE for Mavis, Pag. 358.

As for you,
Say what Joi can, my false 0 *erweighs your true.

i. e. My Falshood oer weighs your Truth.

02.0 Twrl Prn-Nicnz, Pag. 488. .

How easy is it for the proper false
T n Womens waxen Hearts so set their Forms!

(63. King LEAR, pag. 71.
I Wolves had at thy Gate howPd that . timo,
Thou shouldst have said, Good Porter, turn the Rey:
All cruels else subscribe: But I [shall see
The winged Vengeance overtake such Children.

j, c. All Things of Cruelty else.

(4) And again, pag. 73-
<< vo» -- Pol off "tis seen f
Our mean secures us, and our meer Defefts
Prove our Commodities. ———

46 Our Meanness, our low Fortune, middling 8 State.

But I have intimated that it is frequent with our Poet to use
the Adjective of Quality, instead of the Substantive lignifying the
Thing; and it may be expected of me to alledge a few Instances

Proofs of

Adjectives

iustead of
Substantives.

£4 Falshood, or Disguise, ; ina proper outward Appearance.

(5.) King

The Examination and Correction

(F.) King Jorn, pag. 128.
This little Abstract doth contain That large
Which dy'd in Geff ry

1. e. That compleat Largeness, that full Size.

(5.) And CoxTOZANvQs, Pag. 149.
——— 75⁵ Accasation,
Which they have often made against the Senate,
All Cause unborn, could never be the native
Of our so frank Donation.

i. e. The natural Cause, the Nativity, Birth, Source.

B I to proceed: As J have been obliged to branch out this degraded
Speech into so many Parcells; and divide it, the better
to give the Reasons of the Emendations ; it may not be 1mproper

to subjoine it once more entire, as corrected ; and leave it to

the judgment of the Publick, whether, notwithstanding the
Verboseness objected to it, it ought for the future to be ns

or receiv d into the Text of our Author.

Hand, This heavy-headed Revel, east and west,
Makes us traduc'd, and tax'd of other Nations;
They clepe us Drunkards, and with swinish Og.
Soil our Addition; and, indeed, it takes
From our Atchievements, tho? perfurm'd at Height,
The Pith and Marrow of our Attribute.
So, oft it chances in particular Men,
That for some vicious Mould of Nature in Them,
As in their Birth, (wherein they are not guilty,
Since Nature cannot chuse his Origin;

By the Ofergrocuth of some Complexion,

Oft breaking aown the Pales and Forts of Reason

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 39

Or by some Habit, that too much der- lea vous

The Forme of plausive Manners : That these Men

Carrying, IT say, the Stamp of one De fe ck,

(Being Nature's Livery, or Fortunes Scar,)

Their Virtues else, be They as pure as Grace,

As infinite as Man may undergo,
Shall, in the general Censurc, take Corruption

From that particular Fault. De Dram F base

Doth all the noble Substance of Worth out,

To his own Scandal, —_—

XXVIII.

WELL; Immediately after this Speech comes the Ghost; and File Pon

HAMLET, in the Agonies of his Surprise and Concern, questioning, me and E.

nend ion
how it comes about, that his dead Father, whom he had seen 2
quietly reposited in his Sepulchre, should be cast up again, has

HAMLET, Act 1. Se. 7. pag. 365.
—ͤ— 2 What may this mean ?
That thou dead coarse again in compleat Steel
Re visit' si thus the glimpses of the moon,

| (1,2,3.) Making night hideous [ 2] and WE fools of nature [ ,]

_ (4) S HORRIDLY to shake our disposition
(J.) With thoughts beyond the reaches of our Souls L. J
Say, why is the? ©

Besides that this Passage is several times faulty in the Pointing,
it is likewise faulty in Language. Tis true, WE fools is a
Reading that has the Countenance of all the printed Copies;
but That Authority must nor give a Sanction to Nonsense, and

false Grammar, to the Injury of our Author, when a plain and
unexceptionable Remedy is at hand. Making Night hideous, and
„ OO Waking

are a few Passages more in our Poet, where I have observ'd the
Nominative of Pronouns is used, tho Grammar requires the Accausative.
As,

(1.) CORIOLANUS, pag. 202:

SERA KERN And to poor WE
Thine Enmity's most capital.

But here it is a Fault as well as in HA ET, and ought likewise to
be corrected, And to poor US. There is another of this Sort
which I have observ'd too, in the Duke's Speech to Angelo in the

lecond Scene of MEASURE for MEASURE, pag. 322.

2. — - Thy self and thy Belongings
Are not thine own (0 proper, as to waste
Thy self upon thy Virtues; THEY on Thee.

It is requisite, to make it true English, to read, THEM on Thes.
1. e. As, either, to waste thy self on thy Virtues, or thy Virtues
on thy self. So again, in ANTHONY and CLEOPATRA, pag. 380.

(3) Should T. find them
So fawcy with the Hand of SHE here, (what*s her Name,
Since She was Cleopatra?)

Grammar requires that it should be, So sawcy with the Hand of
HER here. And so again in MAcBETr, (where Rosse is describing
the Miseries of Scotland from the Cruelty of that Tyrant ;)

6G) The dead Mars Keell
Ts there scarce asd, for WHO:

Forso the second Folio Edition, and some of the common Modern
Editions read it; but Mr. Pozz, in his Edition, has rightly

a Bos 5 F
— Pu 5 46.18 . 5 a . :
4 2 5 * - 42S 2 : 2 * 4 * N Ry 3 p 4 * | 8
ee e SN ATE De dab os n * 3 3 | CN ba
N k „ D . 1 72 2 PR. n > 4 36. Bt 2 - | 7 * ;
a 7 IE et 28 08 Era NEE GATL 4 Loos BE yd EE nls TS ICI YES. VCC IS
+ IT x 8 * La 4 2 G 2 3 r 2 3 SO 4 .

of the Tragedy of HAMLET.
corrected it for WHOM. It may be alledged from these Instances,

and some few more that might be gather < that this was a Liberty

which SHAKESPEARE purpolely gave himself, and that therefore
it isnot an Error of the Copies. Be this, as it will; if Grammar
and the Idiom of the Tongue be directly against it, we have

sufficient Warrant to make him nom, at lealt, {peak true English,
Bur to proceed to my Remarks upon the next Line of this Paslage,

So horridly to shake our Disposition &c.

1 suspe&, in the Word hoyridly, a literal Deviation to have been

made from the Poet by his Copyilts: and Ill give my Reasons

presently for this Suspicion, But, first, it will be proper to
subjoin my Correction of the Passag e, and the Pointing of it,

which is manifestly faulty. For, 4 77 is there a Note of Interrogation
at hideous, to divide the Verb from the Second Accusati ve

Case which is govern d by it, when the Question evidently goes
on to the very Close of the Sentence! 1 think, it ought to be
pointed, and restor d thus; ;

— — —— V bat may this nean?
That Thou dead Corse again in compleat & reel
Revisit thus the Glimpses of the Moon,
Making Night hideous, and US fools of Nature
JO HORRIBLY 70 /hake our Disposition
With Thoughts beyond the Reaches of our J ouls ?
Say, GC

The Change of borridly into horribly is very trivial as to the
Literal Part; and therefore, I hope, the Reason for the Change

will be something more considerable. "Tis true, horrid and

horrible must be confess'd to bear in themselves the same Force

and Signification: as horridum and horribile were wont to do

among the Latines. But horrid, in the most common Acceptation

and Use, seems to signify rather hideous, uncouth, ugly, enormous,
than terrible or frightful : and. it is generally so applied by our
Author. I remember a Passage in his King Lzar, where it,

nr eng w —˙ -A

— 2 Oh was 2
ou E 2 4 , 2 8 2
CASE. IC.

Proofs of
horrible

instead of

horrid.

The Examination and Correfion

particularly, stands for ugly. It is in a Speech by the Duke

of Albany, reproaching his Wife Goneril with her unnatural Behaviour.

LE AR, pag. 77.
See thy self, Devil,
Proper Deformity seems not in the Fiend
o horrid as in Moman.

I cannot, however, deny, but that our Poet sometimes employs
the Word horrid in the Sense of frightful, terrible : But every observing
Reader of his Works must be aware that he does it sparingly,
and, ten times for every once, seems fond to ule horrible

and terrible. It is obvious, that he prefers both these Terms,

as more sonorous and emphatical than horrid ; and the Proof
that he does so, is, (which laid the Foundation of my Conjecture

here,) that he almost constantly chuses them, even where

the Numbers of his Verse naturally require horrid. I shall subjoin
a few Instances of both for Confirmation; to which I could
have amass'd twenty times as many; but these are enough, at
least, to excuse me, tho' I should be deceived in Judgment,
from the Censure of being too hypercriticalin my Observation.

(1.) TEMPEST, pag. 73:
Where but eu'n now with strange and several Noises
Of roarmg, shrieking, howling, jingling Chains,
And more Diversity of Sounds, all horrible.

8 (2. Lz AR, pag. 41.

And with this horrible Obje&, from low Farms,
Poor pelting J. ages, &c. 1 9

n 5 Rd

D So Rh re ht LENT 8
E OS >; et CPI; bb
e ee eee eee 3-45 8

PL AS

er RE

of obo Tragedy of HA MLET,

630 And again, pag. 5 5.
J tax not you, you Elements, with Unkinduess ;
J never gave you Kingdom, calld you Children,

Tou owe me no Subscription. Then let fall
Tour horrible Pleasure 3 » = - =

(4-) And again, pag. 83;
Glouc. AMethinbe, the Ground is even.

Edgar. ———— Horrible steep.
Hark, do you hear the Sea?

(F. King HEN ER T VIII. pag. 45 7.

With one Hand on his Dagger,
Another spread. on's Breast, mounting his Eyes,
He did discharge a horrible Oath, & c.

(6.) Trato 8, Page 617

———— For those Milk-paps;

That thro? the WWindow-barn bore at Mew. s E Des,
Are not within the Lease of Pity writ,

Set em down horrible Traytors. 9 —

60. AnTHONT and CLEOPETR 4, pag. 342.

Hence, horrible Villain. or J 1 Nun thine Eyes
Like Balls 8 me!

— Howe: horrible 7 Bade p-

Unreal Mock ry, hence. 22

Proofs of
terrible

iustead of
horrid.

The Examination and Currection

( 9.) HAMLET, pag. 367.
IW hat if it tempt you tow*rd the Flood, my Lord?
Or to the dreadful Summit of the Cliff,
That beetles oer his Base into the Sea,
Aud there assume some other horrible Form, &c.

(10.) And OTHELLo, pag 561.

Desd. I hat ts Jour Pleasure
Othell. ----- Let me see your e
Look in my Face.
Desd. --------- What horrible Fancy s Fhs ?

(1 ) TEMPEST, pag. 15.

This damm d Witch Sycorax,
For Mischiefs manifold, and Sorc'ries terrible
To enter human OY. Te

= 2.) And again, pag. 35.

Eun not we heard a hollow Burst of belluewing,
Like Bulls, or rather Lyons ; did't not wake you ?
It slrook mine Ear most terribly.

Alon. 7 n F beard Nothing.

63.) MACBETH, Pag. 53 5.
mm settled, and bend up.
Each corpꝰral Agent 70 this terrible Feat.

(64) "ad again, pag. 55 5.

But let both Worlds disjoint, and all 7. hings fu for,
Eier we will eat our Meal in fear, and sleep
Inu the Aﬀition of these terrible Dreams, &c.

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 45

(5. And so, OTHELLO, pag. 478.
What is the Reason of this terrible Summons ?

XXIX. Act 1. Scene 8. Page 368.

HAMLET being retir'd to a remote Ground with his Father's £24!
„ . . 0 mendation.
Apparition, the Ghost immediately discloses himself, and the
Circumstances he was under in the other State, as far as he was
licens'd, or 1t was proper for him, to declare,

-==------ 1 am thy fatherꝰ spirit;
Doom d for a certain term to walk the night,
And for the day, con find to FAS T in fires ;
Till the foul crimes done in my days of nature
Are burnt aud purg'd away. : 4

Tho all the Copies, old and modern, agree, in this Reading, I
gaannot help suspecting (at least, till I am better informed of
the Force of it;) the Expression, - - to fast in Fires. If thele
are the Poet's Words, his Meaning in them must be, 10 do Pe-
nance in fires : as Fasting is often a Part of Penance injoin'd by
the Church for our Sins. But could it be any great Punishment
for a Spirit, a Being which requires no Sustenance, to fas? ?
Or could fasting in Fires burn and purge away Crimes more effectually,
than the not being in such a State of Abstinence ? The
Poet certainly, in my Opinion, intends to mix the old Pagan
> System here with the more modern Notion of a local Purgatory ;
and to intimate, that Souls are cleansed and purified from their
Mortal Stains by the Torment of Fire. The Variation will
be but very small, to suppose he might have wrote

F Aud, for the Day confiw'd to ROAST in fires,

Now this takes in all the Ideas necessary to the Punishment,
of being burnt, scorched, pain d, Tc. (and the Word, thus meta-
LE 05 phorically

fer © 2 2 3 2 5 ORF ery 8

The Examination and Correction

phorically used, conveys no meaner an Image than carving,
scalding, wringing, and an hundred other Technical Terms do,
frequent in the most elevated Poetry:) But that this was the

very Case too of our Ghost, his own Words, in a Speech but
just before, sufficiently testify.

My Hour is almost come,
When I to sulphrous and tormenting Flames
Must render up my self.

And our Poet, I remember, afterwards in this very Play,

pag. 393. again uses the Expression ; speaking of Pyrrhus in the

Heat of Rage, and running about the flaming Streets of Troy : |

ROASTED in Wrath and Fire, &c.

There is another fine Passage, that I at present remember, in
which our Poet has touched this Subject of Punishments after
Death, and there he does not say the least Word of fasting in
Fires But he makes a Supposition of fiery Floods, like the Infernal
Rivers, fabled in the old Heathen Poets, and that the Spirits

of the Deceased should be doom'd to bathe in em.

MEASURE for MEASURE, pag 363.

Ay, but to die, and go we know not where :

To lie in cold Obstruttion, and to rat;
This sensible warm Motion to become
A kneaded Clod ; and the delighted Spirit
To BATHE in fiery Floods, or to reside
In thrilling Regions of thick-ribbed Ice,
To be imprisoned in the Viewless Winds,
Aud blown with restless Violence round about
The pendant World ; --

Now, either to be roasted, or bath'd, in Fire, takes in the Idea
of being burnt and punished; and comes up to the Term among

of the Tragedy of Hear:

the LATINES, exurier igni. Whoever will allow SHAKESPEARE
to have imitated any Passages of the Antients, will, I believe,
be of Opinion with me, that in these two Descriprions he had
those fine Verses of Pract in his Eye upon this Topick:
I) bere are such Strokes of Similitude, as well in the Thought
as the Diction, of both Poets.

VIRG. Buell VI. v. 736, &c.

f Non tamen omne Malum miseris, nec fundirhs omnes

1 Corporeæ excedunt Pestes : penitusque necesse est

Mlulta din concreta modis inolescere miris.

Ergd exercentur penis, veterumque Malorun

Supplicia expendunt : aliæ panduntur inanes

3 Suspense ad Ventos, aliis sub gurgite vasto
Infectum eluitur Scelus, aut exuritur igni.

eee e ee e 5

Which Passage is thus translated by Mr. DrrDEx.

IS i 4 P, * 2 * . . » *
Me ET 3 A 2 27 1 Ts . 8

= 8 Nor Death it self can wholly wash their Stains 5
1 But long - contracted Filth evn in the Soul remains.
The Reliques of invet rate Vice they wear F
And Spots of Sin obscene in ev'ry Face appear.
For this are various Penances injoin d⸗
And Some are hung to bleach upon the Wind:
Some plung'd in Waters, Others purg'd in Fires,
Till all the Dregs are e and all the Rust expires.

NNN. - Act . Scene 8. Page 369.

And each particular Hot 2 fland ON E ud, _ Seen
Like ole pon the fretful Frerapier. Ys ee

ECC re OY A I TTONE IS,

N 1 x. 75 . Fa 2 Fes , * 2 8 5 $4 4 3 2
A eG EK Set EY SE 62. 5A 2 LR He * Ser, . LR

Thus Mr. PoE writes this Passage as it ought to be; hates
2 all the Editions, both old and modern, that I have so: concurr
mi reading =» = stand an end, Lee And yet this Paslage either
seems

ll 48 5 The Examination and Correction 4
lf | seems to have been rectified by Chance, or some others, where
the same Phrase recurs, have been revised with a strange Care» |
ll lessness. For in the Second Part of Henry VI. pag. 164. we
1 find him reading with the old Impressions, 4
| | 1 Mine Eyes should [parkle like the beaten Flint, | |

| 3 | Mine Hair be fixt AN end, like One distraught. |

And so in HA: Ex, pag, 424- |

Tour bedded Hairs, like Life in Excrements, |

Start up, and stand AN end. N

933 Whereas in both these Places we likewise ought to restore it,
ON end. I cannot dismiss this last: quoted Paslagg from
HA ET, without taking Notice, that I think the Expression
like Life in Excrements, as much wants an Explication, as
any the most antiquated Word in our Poet wants a Glols.

Mr. Hus, in his Impression of HAMLET, has left it out; either
because he could make nothing of it, or thought it alluded to
an Image too nauseous. The Poet's Meaning 1s founded on a
Physical Determination, that the Hair and Nails are excrementitious
Parts of the Body, as indeed they are, without Life or
Sensation : * And yet that Fear and surprize had such an Effect
upon HAMLET, that his Hairs, as if there were Life in those
Excrements, started up and stood on End: Or, as he expresses it
in his TEMPEST, pag. 13. 3 9 5

With Hair upstaring, then like Reeds, not Hair.

That our Poet was acquainted with this Notion in Physics,
of the Hair being without Life, we need no stronger Warrant,
than that frequently he mentions the Hair, as an Excrement. So,

4 bony * 3 * n A 5
— q FX * 4 * = * 1 8 * — —— —— * *
SOT — *

— — ns ä — — — | |

This Doctrine, ] suppose, is inculcated by the old Classical Physicians ; a Point which I have
not Leisure here to look into: But MACROBIUS, Þ know, (the greater Part of whose Mritinꝭæ E
is from Collection;) in his Saturnalia, (lib. 7. cap. 9.) 20 only speaks of those Parts of the 1
Humane Body, which have uo Sensation; but likewise assigns the Reasous, why they can have .
none. Ofla, Dentes, cum Unguibus & Capillis, nimia viccitate ita densata sunt, ut penetra- "7
bilia non sint effectui Auimæ qui Seusum ministrat. & c. e | 7
Com.

of the Tragedy of HAMLET: 49

Com, of ERRORS, pag. 432.

Why is Time such a Niggard of Hair, being, as it is, so plentiful
an EXCrement + e

IEw of VENICE, pag. 49.

How many Cowards, whose Hearts are all as false
As Stairs of Sand, wear yet upon their Chins
The Beards of Hercules, and frowning Mars;
Who, mward scarch'd, have Livers white as Mill?
And These assume but Valour' s. Excrement
2 * them redoubted.

YT 4 1. e. a Beard.

And 1 in Lor he LABOUR Losr, pag: 147;

Fur J must tell thee, It will please his Grace ( (by the World!) Ao
Time to lean upon my poor [houlaer, and cwith his Royal Finger thus
aally with my Excrement, with my Mustachi. 1

Bur besides that he so often makes Use of this Term, to
put the Matter out of all Dispute, he has the very Thought,
which he has here in HAL ET, again in his MACBETH, and exprest
in much plainer Words, pag. 592.

I have almost forgot the Taste of F ears:
The Time has been, my Senses would have cooPd
To hear a Night-shriek, and my Fell of Hair
Would at a difinal T. reatise rowae, and stir
As Life were in't.

The Ghost cotimating how foully he had RR murthered, con- Cn ede,
23 Jures HAMLET by his filial Love to revenge his Death. The Emendation.
Prince starting at this dreadful Information, and the Ghost

L proceeding to remark, chat any Murther, tho ever so favourable

51 The Examination and Correction

in its Circumstances, is bad enough, but that the Murther of
him was strangely unnatural; HA ET, impatient to be told

the whole Story, says thus:
Haste me to know, that I with wings as swift | |
As meditation or the thoughts of love, | 3
May SWEEP ro my Revenge. Þ

HAMLET makes use of the Metaphor here of a Bird using it's

Wings swiftly, to express his Speed in the pursuit of his Revenge.

Tis true, to sweep may carry the Sense of gliding
smoothly, and swiftly along; (generally, along the Surface of any
thing ;) but I don't remember the Word ever employ'd to signify
the Action of a Bird in the Circumstances of pursuing its Prey;
that is, of moving its Wings impetuoussy for that Purpose, In | '
Falconry, a Hawk is said to ** when she wipes her Beak | -
after she has fed. But I oblerve that our Poet, for the most Part,
uses the Word in the plain and natural Sense, of clearing, brushing
away, or trailing on the Earth. $0,

Second Part of HExxr VI. pag. 171. _ 2
Thy Lips, that kisid the Queen, [hall {weep the Ground.

HenxY VIII. pag. 5414.
0 Pray, Sir, be patient. Tir as much impossible ,
(Unless we swept them from the Door with Cannons)
To statter em, as tis to make them sleep
On May day Morning, &c.

OR 5 wap 8 8 : 5 y 1 q 4
8 3 2 8 . Nor 3 5 WY .
FFC n IS 9 25 . 8 wa" —
r es = 7 AE KS ada YO EY EEE Fr ny Wy 3 * * -
4 2 4 a bk Shs PS aa AARP A IC eo IE I a Hen, S888 RE 888 2
£ y Wan PI, 5 ern

Au Ho vr and CLEOPATRA, pag. 37z.
2 - - Friends, be gone; you shall

Have Letters from me to some Friends, that will
Sweep your way for you.

MACBETH

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 50

MACBETH, pag. 553.
———— —— Aud thy? I could
With bare-facd Power sweep him from my Ciglit.

He uses it once, I think, to describe the smooth March of a
Body of Soldiers in gallant Array, and coming timely to the
Succour of their Party | |

Third Part of Hzwzr VI. pag. 297.

And, bo ! where George of Clarence SWEEPS along,
Of Force enough to bid his Brother Battle. 2

But in none of these Places, or elsewhere that I know, is it connected
with the Metaphor of Wings, or introduced to denote the
swift and furious Descent of any Fowl at its Prey, or Enemy.
I had almost forgot to take Notice, that some of the Editors
of this Play seem to have suspected the Propriety of this Word
here, by a Change which they have made of it: for both the
Quarto Edition of 1703, and Mr. HH, have substituted in
its Place May fly to my Revenge. But to proceed to my own
Conjecture: There is another Word, indeed, so very near it
in Sound and Writing, and so peculiar to the Business of a Bird
2} falling on its Prey, that, perhaps, the Poet might have wrote:

N j Haste me to know, that I, with Wings as swift
1 As Meditation or the Thoughts of Love,
May SWOOP to my Revenge.

I entirely submit this Conjecture to Judgment; but I am sure
it is the very Phrase of our Poet upon an Occasion of the like
kind. MAcBETH having murthered the Wife and Children of
MacDvuFF, the latter, upon Notice of it, falls into these mixt
Exclamations of Tenderness and Resentment. Pag. 583.

52 Type Examination and Correction

He has no Children. All my pretty Oues?

Did you say, All? What, All? O Hell-kite ! What ?
IWhat all my pretty Chickens, and their *

At one fell SWO OP?

And to swoop, among Fowlers, is to fly down hastily, and
catch up with the Talons, as Birds of Prey do: An Action which,
I humbly conceive, our Author intended to allude to, in the vehement
Resentment and Desire of Revenge, with which he inflames
his HAMLET.

XXXIL Ibid. Page 370.

Various Ree THE Ghost of Hamrer's Father, having recounted to him
44g, 0x4 = the Process of his Murther, proceeds to exaggerate the Inhumanity

and Unnaturalness of the Fact, from the Circumstances
in which he Was {urprized.

Thus was 1 sleeping, by a brother's hand,
Of life, of crown, of Queen at once di patcht;
Cut off ev'n in the blossoms of my sin,
+ UNHOUZZLED, f UNANOINTED, + unaueld, 5
No reck ning made, but sent to my account
With all my imperfections on my head.

To wht three Words Mr PoPE has subjoined this Gloss:

T- unhouzzled, without the Sacrament being talen.
+ unanointed, without extream union.
funaneld, 20 knell rung.

I am very much afraid (and as apt to believe 1 shall prove it, to
the Satisfaction of every Judge, before this Note is ended;) that | i
this Passage is neither rightly read, nor, as it is read, rightly |
explained, throughout. In the Grit Place. instead of unhouxs
Led it ought to be restor d - :- unbousel 4; from the old Saxon

Word

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 53

Word for the Sacrament, huje/. So our Etymologists and Chaucer
write it; and Spencer, accordingly, calls the Sacramental Fire,
housling Fire. This, however, is but a trivial Slip, in compa—
rison with the next that offers it self. I don't pretend to know
what Glossaries Mr. Po PE may have consulted, and trusts to;
but whose soever they are, I am sure their Comment is very fi1-
gular upon the Word I am about to mention. I cannot find
any Authority to countenance unaneal'd in signifying, no Knell
rung. This is, if I mistake not, what the Greeks were used to
call an & ae20uevor, an Interpretation that never was used but
once. Nor, indeed, can I see how this participial Adjective
should be formed from the Substantive Knell, It could not
possibly throw out the k, or receive in the a. We have an
Instance in our Poet himself, where the participial Adjefive of
the Verb simple from this Substantive retains the k; and so
Mr. Po PE writes it there. „

MaACBETH, pag. 598.
Had I as many Sons as T have Has,
1 would not wish them to a fairer Death,
And so his Knell is knoll'd. Z

The Compound Adjettive, therefore, from that Derivation mult
have been written, unknell'd ; (or, unknolld;) a Word which
will by no Means fill up the Poet's Verse, were there no stronger
Reeasons to except against it; as it unluckily happens, there are.
CL. et us see what Sense the Word unanel'd then bears. SXINNER,
in his Lexicon of Old and Obsolete Ex ISH Terms, tell us, that
Anealed is unctus; a Præp. Text : An, and Ole Oleum so that unanealed
must consequently signify, Not being anointed, or, not having
the extream Unftion. But what must we then do with the
Word, immediately preceding it, unanointed? For, the Addition
of it is such a manifest and absurd Tautology, as SHAKESPEARE
could not be guilty of. We must therefore have Recourse to
the Various Readings, and see if any printed Copies will help
us out. The Second Edition in Folio, the Quarto in 1637. the

The Examination and Correfion

Hamlet revised by Mr. Hughs, and several other Impressions, all
read, instead of unanointed,

———— DIS APPOINT ED, znaneld;

as I verily believe it ought to be read. Now, the Word Appoint,
among other Significations, has that of composing, reconciling :
and the Word Disappointed consequently means, unreconcil'd to
Heaven, unabsolv d, and no Appointment of Penance or Atonement

made for Sin; a Work of the utmost Concern and Moment to
a dying Person. And our Poet, I remember, in another of

his Plays, as Othello is at the very Point of killing his Wife upon
Suspicion of Adultery, makes him exhort her thus: ;

OTHELLO, pag. 587.
If you bethink yourself of any Crime

Unreconcil'd as yet to Heav'n and Grace,
Sollicit for it flrait. == ===

But it happens very luckily too, in Support of the Old Reading

which is neceslary to be restor d here, that the Poet has again,

in another Play, made use of Appointment in this very Sense of

Reconciliation. In MEASURE for MEASURE, Claudio is sentenced
to die for having debauched a Maiden, and his Sister brings

him Word, That his Execution is to be instant ; therefore bids

him prepare his Self-examination, and ro make his Peace with
Heaven with all Speed.

MEASURE for MEASURE, pag. 361.
Isab. Lord Angelo, having Affairs to Heav'n,
Intends you for his swift Ambassador 3
Ii here you shall be an everlasting Leiger. .
Therefore your best APPOINTMENT make with Speed;
To morrow you set out. „

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 54

So that, this Reading and this Sense being admitted, the Tautology
is taken away; and the Poet very finely makes his Ghost
complain of these four dreadful Hardships, viz. That He had
been dispatch'd out of Life without receiving the (Hoste, or)
Sacrament ; without being reconciled to Heaven and absolved;
without the Benefit of extream Unction; or, without so much
as a Confession made of his Sins. The having no Knell rung, I

think, is not a Point of equal Consequence to any of these;
especially, if we consider that the Roman Church admits the
Efficacy of Praying for the Dead.

XXXIII. Act 1. Scene 9. Page 372.

Ho RAO and Marcellus com ing to Hamlet, after the Ghost is de- Emendation, „
parted, and, questioning him with some Impatience, to know N 90 |
the Reason of the Spirit's walking; Hamlet, resolv'd to keep the
Contents a Secret, answers them in a wild, confused Manner;

which not giving the desired Satisfaction, Horatio replies to him.

7 in — *** * 5 W 3 N 8 oY * W 12 ts mp. 5 2
A 5 9 4 * N 8 * T- * Sa CW I . 4 — : Fo, - ;
s CAS Tt. 4 - — a b :
- — « | 7 5 4 ; 9 2 . "Thy of F ie TO Es TS IRR. 8 5 a
a 5 7 4 : 1 2 pak; . PC EY a WE Ss rs 3
I e e F PC TE in A 5 CONF R wy LOW". ee a
Set DHS - Hae x DT nnd Ee FS 2 4 2 8 :

These are but wild and HURLING Words, my Lord.

The Editor, indeed, has the Countenance of several Editions
for this Reading: Tho' here again, as it happen'd in a former
Instance, some of the Editions soem to have suspected the Word,
and therefore have printed this Passage thus;

These are but wild and windy Morde, my Lord, —

But in what Sense is hurling to be taken here? It is always used
to signify, throwing, casting, darting out, and, as we are told, =, |
in the Old EnGr.1s#, making a Noise : None of which are within
the Poet's Meaning, who intends, wild and giddy. It must, |
therefore, certainly be restor d, as my Quarto Edition of 1637, |
tho' corrupt in the Spelling, meant to exhibit it. 5 |

These are but wild and WHIRLING IWWords, my Lord. = __

The Acceptation of this Word is so universally known, as well
as so apt and peculiar to our Author's Meaning, that, I G
—— UNG ; ew

3 The Examination and Correction

few will doubt that it was his own Expression in this Place:
And I have nothing more to do (in Support of this Conjecture,
if it needs any;) than to produce a few Instances from him,
to shew that he understood and used hurl, and whirl, in the respective
and distin& Senses which I have above mentioned to belong
to them.

(1.) King RICHARD II. pag. 96.
And interchangeably hurl down my Gage
Upon this over-weening Traytor”s foot, &c.
(2.) First Part of HENRY VI. pag. 21.
Then broke 1 from the Officers that led me,

« Aud with my Nails digg'd Stones out of the Ground,

To hurl at the Beholders of my Shame.

(3.) Jo LIUS CESAR, pag. 25 3.
eee Ove, Andhoay ;
Defiance, Traytors, hurl we in your Teeth.

(4.) AnTHONY and CLEOPATRA, pag. 3 13.
What our Contempt do often hurl from us,
We wish it ours again.

(5.) And OTHELLo, -pag. 587.

When we shall meet at Compt,
This Lookof thine will hurl my Soul from Heav'n,
And Fiends will snatch at ti

In all which Paslages hurl signifies to throw, or cast, and nothing
elle. ro Hp

(I.) Love's LaBouk Jast, pag. 144.
And Justiceal gays whirls in equal Measure,

of the Tragedy of HaMrzr. 37

(2.) King Jonx, pag. 154.
J am with Both, each Army hath a Hand,
And in their Rage, I having Hold of Both,
They whirl asunder, and disinember me.

(3.) And again, pag. 175.
My Lord, they say, Five Moons were seen to Night ;
Four fixed, and the Fifth ard whirl about
The other Four, &c.

(4. First Part of HENRY VI pag. 2 .
My Thoughts are whirled bike a Potter s W beel.

: 1 50 Trrus ANDRONICUS, pag. 436.

g To calm this Tempest whirling 7 in the Court.
; (50 And again, pag. 502:

Aud then Pll come and be thy i
And whirl] along with thee about the Globes:
(7) And Trotrvs and CRESSIDA, bag. 58.

Vm giddy; Enxpettation whirls me round.

In all which Passages whirl signifies n turning round, in a
vehement and gidd y Manner.

XXIV. Ibid. Page 374.

Wx come now to a Speech towards the Conclusion of this Fe Pont
Ad, which labours under so many Faults of Pointing, as well han
as some of Language, that the Sense is very much perplex d,

and the Text false both in Meaning and Grammar. I mult
transcribe the Whole first, as it stands; and then give it entire

with 1 its Corrections.

K 3 But

38 The Examination and Correction =—_

But come,

Here as before, never L] so help you Mercy By

[(] How strange or odd soeer I bear my self,

[J As I perchance hereafter shall think meet

To put an antick Disposition on [])

That you L] at such Time seeing me, never shall

LI With Arms encumber'd thus, or this head-shake UL;

Or by pronouncing of some doubtful Phrase L;]

As [] well, --- we know, -- or, we could, and if we would - = -
Or, if we list to speak, -= or, there be and if there might - - -
Or such ambiguous giving out L] TO NOTE,
That you know ought of me; this do ye fevear L. 1

So grace and mercy at your most nepd help you.

Whoever will take this Speech asunder, and examine the Struc= |:
ture and Connection of it, will easily find that something is
wanting to support the Sense and Grammar of the Whole.
HAMLET is conjuring them to a Repetition of their Oath of
Secrecy, as to what they knew concerning the Walking of his
Father's Spirit. Let's dismount it from the Verse, and see Z
what we can make of the Passage, as the Sense plainly will lead |
us. Here, as before, says he, you shall swear ( so Mercy help you!)
that, however oddly I shall think fit to carry myself, you seeing me
so transform d, never {hall --- (by Motions, Shruggs, or any ambiguous
Giving out to note,) · that you know any Thing of me.
This is the whole Scope, in Miniature, of this Passage; and
no for the Syntax of it. Never shall - do what? The Verb is
manifestly wanting, and the Sense consequently defective. Then,
why, ambiguous Giving out to note? Does not, ambiguous Giving
out, comprehend all the Poet intends here, without Words in
the Tail -to clog the Clearness of his Meaning? In short, it is
neceslary, to make the whole intelligible; to point and correct
it thus :. Z OLED

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 59

w==----- But come
Here as before, Never, - - Co help you Mercy .
How strange or odd soe er I bear myself,
(As I, perchance, hereafter shall think fit
To put an antick Disposition on : )
That you, at such time seeing me, never shall
(With Arms encumber'd thus, or this Head. shake,
Or by pronouncing of some doubtful Phrase,
As, well, - -- we know - or, we could, and if we would - - -
Or, if we list to speak, - - or, there be, and if there might
Or such ambiguous Giving out;) DENOTE
That you know aught of me. This do you fivear ;
So Grace and Mercy at Hour most Need help you !

This small Change of two Lerters not only gives us a Verb that
makes the whole Tenour of the Speech clear and intelligible ;
but a Verb too, that carries the very Force and Sense which we
before wanted in this Place. To denote, as very raw Grammarians
know, implies, to fienify, to shew by Marks: And thus it is
usual with our Poet to employ this very Word. 801 in OTHELL o,

Othell. O monstrous ! mon stroas + 3

Jago. This was but his Dream.

Othell. But it DENOTED 4 fore: gone Conclusi aon.

And so Hax Er, in a Speech to his Mother, upon the Nature
of his Grief for his Father's Death, pag. 3 54.

Tic not alone my inky Cloak, good Mother,
Nor customary Suits of solemn Black,
Nor windy Suspiration of ford Breath,
No, nor the fruitful River in the Eye,
Nor the dejefted * Haviour of the Visage,
Together with all Forms, Moods, Shews, of Grief,
That can DENOTE me truly, .

60 T he Examination and Correction
I navs, at length, got through the first Act of this Trapedy;
and hope, as well for the Ease of my Readers as my self,

that, in the remaining Parts, Faults will neither rife so numerous,
nor require so much Prolixity in the grubbing up. The

Proofs of several Kinds, which I have already given to maintain

any Correction, must naturally save some Trouble in what
is to follow: And I am sufficiently aware what Room my

APPENDIX will demand; in which I have engaged to shew,

that the same Sorts of Errors are scattered through the other
Plays; and that SHAXESPZARE is to be restor d to his genuine
Reading, with the same Method and Ease of Cure.

XXXV. Act. 2. Scene 1. Page 376.

Faje 77" PoLow1vs, about to dispatch his Servant Reynoldo for France
Conjetural with Commands to his Son Laertes, bids him, before he makes
Emencation. hig Visit, first enquite into his Son's Character; and the better
cd o sift into it, commissions him to lay several Levities to his
Charge; (such as are usual with Youth, but none so rank in

Quality, as might discredit him ; ) as Gaming, Drinking, Fencing,

Swearing, Quarrelling, Drabbing. Reæynoldo objecting,

that, to accuse him of Drabbing, might dishonour him, Po

nius replies;
Fuaitb [L] no[,] as you may season it in the charge;
You must not put ANOTHER Scandal on him,
That he is open to incoutinency, |

The old Gentleman, tis plain, is of Opinion, that to charge

his Son with wenching would not dishonour him, consequently

would be no Scandal to him: For every Scandal, in such Degree
as it affects any Man, proportionably dishonours him.

Why then should he caution Reynoldo from putting ANOTHER
Scandal on him? Methinks, there is some Reason to suspe&
this Word of not being altogerher so proper here, if no Scandal
at all had been yet offer d. There can be no Second Scandal
Ea EE ie radios supposed

Q ² Ä ⁰˙mwm . er wn ee at — — — — pe
— 7, Wo Ocoee. a

of the Tragedy of HAMLET.

supposed, without a First implied. The Poet's Meaning is,
as I conceive it, {imply this: To say, that he wenches, without
Aggravation in the Circumstances, lays but a venial Liberty of
Youth at his Door; but to say, That he is open and addicted
to Incontinency, amounts to an Habit of Licence, and throws
an actual Scandal. A very light Change will reconcile the Passage
to this Sense; and therefore, if I am right in the Author's

Meaning, we may suppose he wrote ;

5 No, faith ; as you may seas'n it in the Charge;
uu must not put AN UTTER Scandal on him,
That he is open to Incontinency, 8
That's not my Meanings but breath his Faults so quaintly,
That they may seem the Taints of Liberty;

i. e. So far from their being an absolute, entire, and utter Scandal

to him, that they may be none at all, but appear at worst
the Liberties of Youth. e Ls

XVXXVI. Ibid.
ö» Marry, Sir, here's my Drift;
And ] believe it is a Fetch of WIT.

THERE is a various Reading upon this Passage, which deserved
the Notice of the Editor; because, if I am not much deceived,
it seems to have the genuine Stamp of our Author
upon it. The second Edition in Folio, and some other of the

And, 7 believe, it is a Fetch of WA RRANT.
Which I take to be the very Words and Meaning of the Poet

for this Reason, because he makes Polonius speak dubioully of

his Intention. No body is so doubtful of his own Judgment
and Talents, but that he knows absolutely whether his Drifts

and Purposes are designed with Mit, or no, tho he cannot be so

certain

Emendation,
from Various

Reading. 8

The Examination and Correction

certain, as to their being justifiable. A Man may much easier
be mistaken, as to the Legality, than as to the Sagacity, of any
Fact; because something more than private Opinion, or naked
Belief, is wanting to determine positively whether a Thing be

warram able: Besides, I observe, that it is very familiar with

SHAKESPEARE to use the Words Warrant and Warranty to signify
a Justification. So,

(I.) OTHELLO, pag. 484.

1 therefore apprehend, and do attach Thee,
For an Abuser of the World, a Prattiser
Of Arts inhibited, and out of Warrant,

(2.) Trrus ANDRONICUS, pag. 509.

A Reason mighty, strong, and effettual,
A Pattern, Precedent, and lively Warrant,
For me, most wretched, to perform the Like.

(3.) King JoHxN, pag. 176.
It is the Curse of Kings to be attended

By Slaves, that take their Hz amour for a Warrant, |
To break i into the bloody House of Life.

(4.) And again, pag. 189.

Look, where the holy Legate comes apace,
To give us Warrant from the Hand of Heas.

(5.) IW of VENICE, pag. 9.
And from your Love ¶ have a War ranty
7 unburthen all my Plots and Purposes, &c.
(5. ) And rere Hae: 580.

never loud Casho,

But with such general Warranty of Heav? 1
A i love. „ e

of the Tragedy of HAMLET.

Not, Warrantry ; as it is in this last Place erroneously printed
in Mr. PoE 8 Edition.

XXXVII. Ibid.
Zou laying these slight SALLIES on my Son,
As *twere a thing a little foiPd i th' working,

Tis true, Sallies and Flights of Youth are very frequent Phrases;
but what Agreement is there betwixt the Metaphors of Sallies,
and a Thing soild? Correct, as all the Editions, that 1 have

ever seen, have it;

Tou laying these Sight SULLIES on my &. on,

Occasional

Correction.

C orredtion,
from Variogs
Reading.

Perhaps, this Substantive may be of his own coining, from

the Verb to sully: But that, as I have already amply prov'd,

is a Liberty which he ta assumes throngh his whole

Works, |

XXXVIII. Act 2. Scene 4. Page 381.

cox xREL TVs and alt mand, being returned from their Embas: 4
ly to Norway, bring Word, that That Monarch had {uppress'd
his Nephew Fortinbras's Expedition; which he at first supposed
designed against Poland, but found, upon Enquiry, to be levell
d at Denmark: That he had put Fortinbras under Arrest,
who had obey'd it; and, upon a Check receiv'd, had made Proteftation
before his Uncle never more to make any hostile At-

tempts against the Danisb State.

Whereon old N orway, overcome Wit h Joy,

Gives hm THREE thousand Crowns in annual Fee's 4
And his Commission to employ those Soldiers,
So levied as before, against the Polack.

C onje@ure,
From Various

N eading,

64 The Examination and Correction
So, indeed, the Generality of the Editions read; but my two
Quartos, of 1637 and 1703, both have it;

[ IVhereon old Norway, overcome with Foy,
Gives him THREESCORE thousand Crowns in annual Fee, &c.

This Addition of a Syllable gives a little Roughness to the Beginning
of the Verse; but one Syllable in the first Foot of it
must be resolb d in the Pronunciation; which is very usual, as
I have oblerv'd, with our Poet. Tis true, this Alteration is
of no Moment to the Sense of the Passage; but, methinks,
Threescore thousand Crowns are a much more suitable Donative
from a King to his own Nephew, and the General of an Army,
than so poor a Pittance as Three thousand Crowns, a Pension
scarce large enough for a dependant Courtier. |

XXXIX. Ibid. Page 382.

cee, That He is mad tis true; *tis true, "tis pity;
from Various 5 „ p
Reading. „ pity It 18 true:

Thus, indeed, several of the Editions read this Place; but they

don't seem to enter entirely into the Poet's Humour. Polonius,

(an officious, impertinent, old Courtier,) priding himself in

the Discovery which he supposes he has made of the Cause of

HAMLET's Madness, is so full of the Merit of it, that he can't

content himself to deliver it in a plam and easy Manner; but

falls into an affected jingling Sort of Oratory, as he fancies;
and ringing the Chimes, backwards and forwards, upon the same
Words. No Body can read this Speech without observing, that
these Figures and Flowers of Rhetorick are not only sprinkled,
but poured out, through the whole. They are Strokes of low
Humour, thrown in purposely, ad caprandum populum; or, to
use the Poet's own Phrase, to set on some Quantity of barren
Sectators to laugh at. I think, therefore, it should be wrote,

r LIP r 3 *

EI I N NE: 9 ,

8 TY - — NE: „„ INES ITY

noon n 2 CB 1.9 .
e N „dee * * 2

Toxoxrus thinks himself so certain of being right in his ,Discovery,
that he is willing the King should take his Head from

of the Tragedy of HAMLET: 66
as three of my Editions have it; and as I know it is constantly
pronounc d on the Stage:

That lie is mad, tis true; 'tis true, tis Pity ;
Aud Pity 'tis, tis true.

XL. Ibid.
For this effet# defeltive CL,] comes by cause L,] False Points
Either the Comma after defective must be taken out, or another

added before it; otherwise, the Substantive is disjoined from
its Verb, Restore it,

Vr this Efet, disectiue, cames by Cause 3
XLI. Ibid. Page 384.

Into the Madness wherein now he raves, correct

Aud all we wall for. from Periew
King. Do you think [LI this?

Gen. Jt may be ven lieh.

Poor having explain'd to them the Nature of HAuL ETS
Lunacy, and from what Cause he imagines it to have sprung;

the King asks the Queen, if she is of Gpinion that it had such
a Rise; which, she confesses, seems very probable to her that

it might. Restore, therefore, as all my Editions have it.
King. D' you think tis This?
Queen. It may &c.
XLII. Ibid.
Take this from this, if this be otherwise I) False Points

. ͤ — vr Ae *

r — >a ic ie

EIA IEA po — — —
Fe a ̃ ĩ near nyo. — )
rn * - - 9 — . = * — 5 : — 2
, ̃¾²—M̃AMͥ ẽͥädN eee ]7,ßĩ« . ., ] 4 56 ' * i —
e EA al 16 i = at

66 The Examination and Correction
his Shoulders, if he 1 is out in his Politicks, It must be point-

Take This from This, i This be otherwise ;

XLIII. Ibid.

Farin

Ihe love her not,
Aud be not from his reason alen thereon,
Let me be no assistant for a slate,
AND e a farm and carters.

Instead of the Copulative AND, which does not os the Sense
so clear, my two Quarto Editions read it, I think, better, with
a (onjunction disjunctive.

=====-== {F be love her not,
And be not from his Reason falPn thereon,
Let me be no Assistant for a State, :
BUT keep a Farm and Carters.

XLIV. AG 2. Scene 6. Page 391.

2 These are now the FASHION, aud so berattle the common STAGES

(/o they call them,) that many wearing rapiers are afraid of goosequills,
and dare searce come thither.

TIl give the Reading first as I think it ought to be restor'd, and
then 1 the Reasons.

These now are the FACT ION, and 4 6 berattle the common STAGERS

(/0 they call t hem,) that Many wearing Rapiers are afraid of
Goo se-quills, and dare searce come thither.

The Poet, as it were, here steps out of Denmark into England,
and makes Rosencraus, in talking of Theatres, allude to the Plays

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 67

performed at home by the Children of the King's Chappel ; who
were in great Estimation at that Time of day, and out-rival'd
the Gentlemen of the Profession. The Variation of Fashion into
Faction we owe to Mr. HuGas; I think it much the more forcible
and expressive Term: implying, that those Children were
not only in Fashion and Esteem ; but were a Prevailing Faction
against the other Playhouses, or had a Faction made by the
Town in their Favour. As to the other Alteration of common
Stages into common Stagers, which is a Conjecture of my own,
my Reason for it is this: The Poet certainly cannot intend by
his Many wearing Rapiers, that Gentlemen-SpeCtators were afraid to
go to the common Theatres, for Fear of the Resentment of these
Children, who so berattled the common Stages. What greater
Affront could SHAKESPEARE put upon his Audience, than to
suppose any of them were of such tame and cowardly Spirits?
No, if I understand him, he seems to me to hint, that this
young Fry were so pert upon the profest Actors, that even they,
tho they wore Swords, were afraid of going near them, least
they should be banter d, or insulted, past Sufferance. What farther
induces me to think, it should be common Stagers, rather than
common Stages, is, that, in the Speech immediately following,
HAMLET, {peaking of these Children, retorts upon them, - - -
If they should grow themselves to common PLAYERS - - and does
not say, If they should come themselves to the common PLAY-
HOUSES, or Stages, i ons

A 2 RB A Pa. r

> hd * 4 ** x " A n Nn 28 9 1 : * £2 ett dl th ng r a, KS

85 W R . 99 * n oy e
VVV e . R 85 N W n
I dts FH." OE oe 9 75 * . . e 2 3 = W r J's
r RR T IG CAT CS 2

XLV. Ibid.

What, are they Children? who maintains them? how are they estoted ? False Poim-
W j not say afterwards, if they should grow themselves to common play-

MF BOM TY WD

N etre [?J][] as it is most like, if their Means are no better: []

their writers do them wrong to make them exclaim against their own

Succession L. J

3 , FR. x a

68 The Examination and Correction

The Pointing of che litter Part of this Speech is so very faulty,
that the Sense of it is but barely intelligible. Restore it, as
Mr. BGH Edition partly leads the way;

Will they not say afterwards, if they should grow themselves to common
Players, (as it is most like, if their Means are not better ;) their
7 Writers do them wrong to make them exclaim against their own
Surcession ?

I cannot help observing, that the Beginning of this Speech contains
one of those Passages in which the Poet may be {aid to overshoot
himself; and be guilty of an Absurdity, by making his Actor
say what he cannot be supposed to know in Character: Which
is confounding the Person of the Drama with a Preta loquitur.
HAMLET, replying to Rosencraus concerning these young Players,
asks, --- What, are they Children? who maintains them? how are
they escoted? These Questions argue him a Stranger to them,
and their Quality : Yer, without any Information, he immediately
after cries, Will they pursue the Quality no longer thay they can
ng? which is intimating tacitly, as I take it, that, he
knew them to be the Singinz-Boys of the King's Chappel : a Knowledge,
no ways to be accounted for, as J can imagine, unless the
Poet had given his HAMLET a Portion of Sir Fohn Falftaffe's
TvsTIVeT. I must own, SHAKESPEARE is not without some
more Samples of these Self. Contradictions; and one Great one,
that has been generally imputed to him, will fall under Consideration
in the next Act. But of That in its own Place.

XLVI. Ibid.

Corjedure Faith, there has been much to do on both sides 3 and the Nation holds

it no sin, to tarre them [ ] 70 controversie.
I think it will be more numerous to the Ear, and, perhaps, requisite
in point of Language, to read; TOES:

Aud the Nation holds it nooin to tarre them on to Controversie.
eres 8 on

F the Tragedy of HAMLET. 69
To tarre on is an old ENGLISH Word, signifying, to provoke, urge

on, set on, as we do Dogs to fighting. And so, I observe,
SH AKESPEARE in other Passages writes it.

f King FoHN, pag. 169.
E And like a Dog, that is compelld to fight, |
Snatch at his Master that doth tarre him on.

And, so again, in Tro1zUs and CRESSID A, pag. 3 2.
Tuo Curs shall tame each other; Pride alone
Must tarre the Mastives on, as *twere their Bone.

XLVIL Act 2. Scene 7. Page 391.

you say right, Sir;
This ought to be pointed as in Mr. Hohes Impression.

I will prophesie, he comes to tell me of the Players; Mark it
Tou say right, Sir; =

XLVIII. Ibid. Page 392.

J remember one said, there was No salts in the lines, to make the Various Resmatter

sauonry ; nor no matter in the phrase, that might indite misjun sup-

the author of AFFECTION 3 but calld it, an honest method. %*

I must own, I can have no tolerable Comprehension of what
is meant here by the Word Affection: HAMLET is speaking of
some Play, to the Stroling Players, which he liked very well,
but which did not so currently go down with the Multitude.
One, it seems, who had a Mind to make a Criticism upon it,
hints, That there was no Matter in its Phrase that could indite
the Author of Affection. Now, what can Affection, as a Quality
with regard to a Play, signify, but Passion? Vet _ —
Author

J will prophesie, he comes 70 tell me of the Players L. J Mark it 441 False Point-]

ding, and 0-

— — — 224 e — —· — ** — v

— ee ee edmeomo PO OOO WERE

2 2 2 ä nt > Mons TRIS" —— 7 _ =
IS. 2. wid a POT —— — — -

The Examination and Correction

Author could not intend to mean that it wanted That. H4Mrzr

speaks to the Master-Player to give him a Taste of his Quality

in a passionate Speech; directs him to a Tragedy, which he says,

in his Judgment was an excellent Play, well digested in the Scenes,

and set down with as much Modesty as Cunning : And then points

out a Speech in it, which he chiefly loved, and which contained

the Account of Priam's slaughter, and the Distress of Hecuba

at the Sight of that terrible Action. The Subject alone, never

so inartificially told, certainly could not be altogether divested

of Passion. Besides, Could not the Phrase of a Play carry Pasfon
with it, and yet the Poet use an honest Method? The second

Folio Edition (which, in the Generality, is esteemed as
the best Impression of SHAXESPEARE;) has a different Reading,

which, at least, deserved a slight Notice from the Editor: And

which, I believe, is more likely to express our Author's Meaning.

We, there, find it written thus;

J remember, one said, there was no Sallets (which Mr. Pore very

justly restores to, Salts) in the Lines to make the Matter savoury; |
nor no Matter in the Phrase, that might indite the Author of

AFFECTATION; but call'd it an honest Method.

i, e. if I understand it at all, That as there was no Poinancy

of Wit or Virulence of Satire, on the one hand; so there was
Nothing to condemn it of Afﬀectation, on the other. And if it

wanted Affectation, the Poet might more properly be said to use

an honest Method: For Affectation, is either the Masquerade of

Nature in an Habit of Ridicule; or the Abuse of it, by a design'd

Disguise of a worse Sort. Three of my Editions (the oldest
of which is the Quarto in 1637 3) exhibit this Passage with an

Addition in its Close ; which thas I can't warrant to be the
Author's own genuine Words, yet make the Sentence end more
roundly, and therefore might have been degraded, at least, to the

Bottom of Mr. Poyz's Page, and been noted as an Interpolation

of the Stage, as, perhaps, indeed they may be. The
Wor ds however are these, , | | :

POS IO

= 2 C F. ᷣͤ ͤ „ d
A ee ee FCC Ros DW I I Or ee AR WO WROTE IT gg, ER PE PPE STE Ih, fv.

of the Tragedy of HAMLET: 71
But called it an honest Method, as wholesome as foveet ; and,

by very much, more handsome than fine.

XLIX. Ibid. Page 393.

And thus Oer ided with coagulate gore, False Prints

It must be restored with the second Folio Edition, and fins © 2
the more modern Ones, 9 3

And thus oer-sized with coogulate Gore,

For the Glue, or Composition used by Plaisterers, Painters, Tc.

is called Size, and derived from the * of the Italians.

1 Ibid.

222 unequal MATCH, Co. *
Pyrrhus af Priam drives, in rage sirikes wide; .
But with the whif and wind of his fell Sword
Th unnerved father falls . ] THEN SENSELESS [ 7 lium.
Seeming to feel this blo WW, with Jaming top
Stoops to his base, &c.

In the first Place, unequal matched by the Position must be a

Nominative, and con equently relate to Pyrrbus. Now if
Pyrrhus was unequal matched, in the Sense and general Acceptation
we mult understand” that he was over-match'd, and had
the worst of it : Not that he was an Over-match for Priam,
which was the Truth of the Fact. I believe therefore it should

be, as the second folio Edition has it, (and the Impression,

laid to be revised by Mr. Rowe, whether 1 Cbance or Design;)

with an Alteration in the Ponting 3

— Unequal MATCH ?

— — OTE Ven —

The Examination aud Correfion

For the Substantive thus, with a Note of Admiration after it,
relates indifferently to Pyrrhus and Priam, and signifies that each

was unequal to the other, the first in Strength, the latter in
Weakness. But to go lower into the Palage, (tho' all the Editions
agree in the Reading,) IT can hardly be perswaded it is
printed as the Poet intended it; or that he would have indus:

triously chosen to prefix an Epithet to Irma, which makes a
Paradox in the Context. If Ilium was then senseless, why should
it seem to feel the Blow? Or, if Thum was senseless, why |
should it they seem to feel it? For one of the two Ways it
mult be taken. I know very well it may be resolved thus;
that Ilium, quoad the Bricks and stones, was absolutely senseless ;

yet the Buildings, falling into the Fire just at the Instant when

Priam fell to the Ground, seemed, as it were, to be sensible of

that Blow, I confess, this may be a poetical Inference; but a

little hard- strained, and in no wise necessary. Perhaps, with

a small Variation in the Text and Pointing, the Passage may lie
more easy and natural thus. -

Pyrrhus at Priam drives; in Rage frites wide
But with the Whif and Wind of his fell Sword
Th unnerved Father falls DOWN SEN SE LESS. --- Ilium,
Seeming to feel this Blow, with flaming Top
Stopps- to his Base, &c. Es

J propose this last Alteration but as a Conjecture, and without

laying any Stress upon it: and the rather too, because, perhaps,
the Whole Passage concerning Priam and Hecuba may not
be of our Poet's writing, but a Quotation from some Play of a

Contemporary, which he had a mind to put in the. Mouth of
a stroling Player. I should, indeed, suspect it to be our Poets
from one Reason only; and that is, from its Subject. I think

the Observation has never yet been made, and therefore I shall
give it here; That there is scarce a Play ; throughout all his

Works, in which it was poslible to introduce the Mention of
x ID e e ED them,

RT ant *
A a AC», NIALL Re Eh ge YU 8 er 28 g #14 p
ee Tos ons BEES C0 oC RD eS oy oe AO .

77 the Tragedy of HAMLET, — 22

them, where he has not by Simile, Alluson, or otherwise, hinted

at the Trojan Affairs; so fond was he of that Story.

LI. Ibid.
But as we often see againsi some storm, Emendation.
A silence in the head n, the RACK fland still,

The bold wind speechless, and the orb below
As hush as death;
Tho' all the Editions, that have fallen in my Way, write this
Passage as the Editor does; I know no Sense, in which the Word
Rack is ever used, that will serve the Purpose here. It must certainly
be corrected, . =

A Sitence in the Heawn, the W R ACK stand fill,

7, e. the Tempest; the Hurry, Confusion, and Outrage of the ce

Emendation,

Elements: And so, in this admirable Passage of the TEST,

V Those our Ars,

As T foretold you, were all Spirits, and
Are melted into Air, anto thin Air;

And, like the baseless Fabrick of their Visian,
The Cloud. cap Tow'rs, the gorgeous Palaces,
The solemn Temples, the great Globe it self,
Zea, all which it inherit, shall dissolve,
Aud, like this insubstantial Pageant faded,
Leave not a RACK behind

It must be corrected;
Leave not a WRACK behind!

7 e. if I conceive the Poet's Meaning rightly, not a Fragment,
or minutest Particle, to shew that a Wrack has been.

74% The Examination and Correflinn
LIT. Ibid, Page 395.

Lee Look IF he has not turd his Colour, and has Tears in's Eyes.
Prfythee no more.

All the Editions, that I have ever met with, read;

Loo, WHERE he hes not turwd his Colour, and has Tears

in Eyes. Priythee, no more.

i. e. Look, whether he has not, &c. *Tis true, as Mr. PoE

writes it, the same Sense is conveyd ; but the other is the

Poet's Word: And it is frequent with him, tho' the Editor did
not remember it here, to use it in that signifcation. So in the
Second Part of Hexzr VI. Pag. 162.

Aud therefore do they cry, tho? you forbid,
That they will guard you here Tou will, or uo.

And again, Pag. 168.

Died he not in his Bed? where should he die ?
Can I make Men live where they will, or no?

As, in Per Instances, (and, perhaps, where ever else it occurs
in our Author;) the Strictness of the Numbers requires a single
Hyllable in the Place where this Word stands, it may be, it is
used by Contraction only, for whether.

LIII. Ibid. Page 3 95-

False Print- After your death, you were better have a bad e chan their
— zl report while you lud. |

This 1s only a light literal Fault of the Press, and the Reviser.
Correct it, as it ooght to be,

After

1 : : , * . a4 p ; L ? =
Roe e . N n 3 67 Fe 3K” 1 FE) 1 55 CUES; i 8 5 be. . x 1 : : g -
3 PPP F RD PO 1 3 «Tv e 1 A 3 8 F 5 % : 2 1 — - * 25 22 . * p :
N r 2 "I 2 7 2 ooo 2 LN 88 4 Foo SD N eee "> Md g 5 r >, ; 3 2 — 8 POL. * 8 1 >
7 e ee SFC ᷑ ² A ti NE OL Ev STS So oo Far | e ee FFP F * 3 p + SL Ad a, 4 * ry

I Ed range 3 9

i 3 8 Wn N q 7 N 55 : 55 i 4 8
e . TCT

F the Tragedy of HAMLET,

5 After your Death you were better have a bad E pitaph, than their
l Report while you live.

THE next, with which my Remarks on this Act conclude,
is a Slip of such a kind, that I don't know to whose Account,
properly, to place it. There are many Paslages of such intolerable
Carelessness inters{pers'd thro all the {ix Volumes, that,
were not a few of Mr. PoP#'s Notes scatter d here and there too,

I should be induced to believe that the Words in the Title Page

of the First Volume, --= COLLATED, aud CORRECTED

by the former EDITIONS, By Mr. PO PE, -- were plac'd

there by the Bookseller to enhaunce the Credit of his Edition;

but that he had play d false with his Editor, and never sent him

sometimes: For no Body shall perswade me that Mr. PoE

could be awake, and with his Eyes open, and revising a Book

which was to be publish'd under his Name, yet let an Error,
like the following, escape his Observation and Correction.

fs 6. N 997.

Tor murther, tho it have no Tongue, will beate

With most miraculous Organ. Pl OBSERVE HIS LOOKS,
Play something like the murther of my father
Before mine uncle. Til observe his Looks,

PI tent him to the quick ; if he but blench,

T1 know my course. 5

This is palpable Nonsense, from an Error in the Compositor to
the Press; occasion'd by his throwing his Eye two Lines lower
than he should have done, and so printing the same Hemistich
twice over. This Error could not be repeated by an Editor m
revising, his Eye and Atterition going together in that Task :
This, therefore, must be one of those Sheets, which, as I before
hinted, were never sent to Mr. Pop for his Revisal. Restore

the Sheets to revise. And, surely, this must have been the Case

Correding.

—üU—ä — 22 1 norte. — tac hh ts ogy er op of ——;

—— 2 —— * —— — — — — rr —— —
— —ä—— —— . 5 8 —— — an tits
* 7 — —- — DA — . * * ** 2 3 — — — | —
— tas — — — — t [ j——ks — — — — 3 — =

dir Ss hor, —— * ten op 8 * 4 —
2 A. LIE I: wh A are ä — 4 A OTDoragetd,

mx tne —

— —ů— —ͤ—œ— — 2

Omission
subylie d.

The Examination and Correction

it, as the Meaning of the Place requires, and as all the former
Editions have it;

For Mur ther, tho it have no Tongue, will speak

With most miraculous Organ. PI HAVE THESE PLAYERS
Play something like the Murther of my Father

Before mine Uncle. Pil observe his Looks ,

PI tent him to the Quick if he look pale,

I know my Course.

But because it may seem a little too hard, upon a single Instance
of this kind, to suspect that the Sheets might not be al/

revised by the Editor, as I just now hinted ; Ill subjoin another

flazrant Testimony of the same Sort of Negligence : And
I shall do it the more willingly, because I would embrace an
Opportunity of clearing Brutus from the Imputation of a Murther,
which SHAKESPEARE is made to throw upon him, tho
he never had it in his Head to think him guilty of it

WILLIAM de la Poole, the wicked Duke of Suffolk, being banished
out of England by King Henry the Sixth, as he is making off
in Disguise, is upon the Coast of Kent taken by Pirates: And

behaving himself to them in a Manner they did not care to
brook, was ordered to the long Boat's Side, there to have his
Head ftrook off. As he is dragging away, he comforts himself
that his Death will be memorable, from the Circumstance of
his being murther'd by such mean and vile Fellows ; as it had

happen'd to many Great Men before him,

Second Part of HENRT VI. pag. 173.
That this my death may never be forgot.
Great men oft die by vile Bezonians.
A Roman fworder and Bandetto slave
Murther'd sweet Tully. Brutus? bastard hand
Pompey the Great; and Suffolk dies by pirates.

Tully

Fri 9 1
N Mex

We.

FFF... Ed Era ⅛·¹r 2 r 3
3 VVT . F RP IEG af.
S e ee eee IRR e ee e 8 Ba

5 IDy £

F the Tragedy of HAMLET.

Tully indeed was kill'd by Herennius a Centurion, whom the
Poet here calls, by way of Ignominy, a Roman Sworder ; and
by Popilius a Tribune, who 1s likewise here call'd a Bandetto
Slave, probably, because he had formerly murthered his Father,
and was defended, upon his Tryal for that Fact, by Tully.
But would not any Body now, taking Mr. PoE“ for a correct

and infallible Edition, begin to wonder how SHAKESPEARE
could be so precise in Roman History as to the Death of Cicero;

and so ignorant, as to lay the Murther of Pompey upon Brutus?

If we were to take this Fact for granted, we should find our
Poet guilty of a strange Selt-Contradiction, or Pompey the Father

of a very degenerate Son. For Sextus Pompeius, in another

of our Author's Plays, gives Brutus such a Character and
Commendations, as no Man certainly would bestow on his Father's

Murtherer. See
ANTHONY and CLEOPATRA, pag. 345.
222... d not know,
IV herefore my Father should Revengers want,
Having a Son and Friends 5 since Julius Cæsar,
(Who at Philippi the GOOD Brutus gh9/ed,)
There saw you lab ring for him. What was it
That mov'd pale Cassius to conspire 2 And what
Made thee ALL-HONOUR'D, HONEST Roman Brutus,
With the arm'd rest, Courtiers of beauteons Freedom,
To arench the Capitol, but that they would
Have but one man, a man? Aud that is it
Hath made me rig my Navy: At whose Burthen
The anger'd Ocean foams, with which TI meant
To scourge th Ingratitude that despiteful Rome
Cast on my noble Father.

The Sentiments of filial Piety, and Resolutions of avenging his
Father's Murther, are too strongly express'd, to suppose he would
in the same Breath bestow an Encomium on the Man who kill'd

LABEL KNOW an Encomum ont LES IER

— PENN.

TORY ah - BOW rb Dann Wn ny eigen rr * r - ——

Wine — — — ͤ — rk! — — _-

E 8 —— Cons —

Occasional
Correction.

this ? If they would have but one man, a man, (i. e. a Man «x

The Examination and Correction

him: But when I first quoted this Passage, I little suspected
it would have furnished fresh Work for Correction. What
were the Conspirators presumed to have kill d CAR, because
they would have but one Man, a Man? What Mock-reasoning is

og a Man eminent above, and over-topping, all others ; )
it was the Height of Cesar's Ambition to be such a One, and

therefore they should rather have let him live. If I understand

the Meaning of the Poet, he would infer, that the noble Conspirators

stabb'd Cesar, because they would have, or suffer, any

one Man to be but a Man; i. e. they would have no one aim at
arbitrary Power, and a Degree of Preheminence above the rest.
Restore the Place therefore with the second Folio Edition;

— bs -- 3 — Hut that they would
Have One Man, but a Man?

But to return again to the Question of Pompey being kill'd by
Brutus. I have before hinted, that our Poet never design'd a
Charge of this sort against poor Brutus; and in short, SHAxz-
SPEARE will presently stand acquitted of this Blunder; and the
Fault appear to have arisen from a Negligence of Revisal, or
rather from the Want of revising at all. But that this Suspicion

of mine may not appear a meer gratis dictum, Ill now give

the Reason that induced me to it; and from which, I think,

the Source of the Error may be fairly accounted for. The
Case is, a Material Line is left out, in this Passage, by Mr. Porz's
Impression; which very Line is left out of another Edition, in
Duodecimo, like wise publish'd by Mr. Tonson about ten Years
ago; so that it seems most probable, that the Press was set
to Work and corrected by this Duodecimo Edition; without any
Collation with the old Editions mentioned in Mr. PopEs Table
of Editions at the End of his Sixth Volume. This DeduCtion, I

am sure, is fair and natural: for the second folio Edition (one
of the Editions there mentioned, ) exhibits the Passage entire,

and as the Poet wrote it: and even the fourth Edition in folio
(which, indeed, is but a faulty one ;) printed no longer ago than
| 5 ; the

K 8 * F * . * 5 2 . N q , % * ö
J y IO er RO es, rs C 0 3 ;
» 4b $ 3 1 0 28 8 25 3 5 8 2 7 IE 00 a et , N . : n
$74 ' N 2 5 e J GT wo POE 9 REEL, 5 at GL ERIE 3 N l 28
6 * Ld ap bras eee TEE 77 Kd 8 7TSTTFFTTVVVT Lb
— n _ » - * - x Sch: +3" 7

n . Po get
Ce bs Yd We. xy a $48
2 2 deitttanaatt ifs 7
eee I im ee *

wor . eee e

against the Duke.

F the Tragedy of HAMLET.

the Year 1685, likewise has it as it should be. Restore it therefore
with them, and we come back both to the Truth of the
History, and the Poet's 'Text into the Bargain.

That This my Death may never be forgot.

Great Men oft die by vile Bezonians.

A Roman Sworder, and Bandetto Slave
Murther'd feweet Tully. Brutus bastard Hand
STAB'D Julius Czfar. SAVAGE ISLANDERS
Pompey the Great: And Suffolk dies by Pirates.

I cannot help, tho' this Passage has already taken up some
Length, throwing in an Explication upon it, which will be new
to some Readers, at least, of SHAXESPEARE : and, consequently,

I shall not lose all my Labour in it. I had once a Suspicion
that the Poet intended to make Suffolk reproach Brutus with

Cowardice, for dishonourably ftabing Cesar ; and that the Text,
to support this Meaning, {should have been alter'd to

Brutus DASTARD Hand |
Stab d Julius Cæsar :

A Mistake of the like kind has happen'd upon the very same
Words in another of our Author's Plays. In King Richard II.
Bolingbroke being required to throw down the Duke of Norfolk's

Gage, and withdraw his own Challenge, refuses at first upon a

point of Honour, and throws out this contemptuous Reflexion

Shall I seem crest-falÞn in my Father's Sight?
Or with pale beggar-fear impeach my Height,
Before this out-dared DASTARD? ---

Where some of the Editions erroneously express it,

Before this out-dared BASTARD? --+»

Occasinnal

Explication.

N — = _ — — - 2 [5th 25 _ 0 — o — .
— — 3 1 * - 2 — — — > — = —_— — — ds = -
4244 — 2 An Acne 4 Hogs nn nn — ata 0 = 2 — — een. wo it = — * FP
FR < ate eee ate —— 0 ——— as 9 — — — * ain — 6. ot

yamination aud reti

But I bare Hibs Sat Reasons to retract this Or AF a 4
to be convinced that the Poet, in calling Brutus BASTARD,
designed a much deeper Contumely than That of Cowardice ;
wiz. the blackest Ingratitude and most detestable Parricide

SHAKESPEARE Has Fewhete taken Notice of Cesar's excessive
Love to Brutus, and of the Ingratitude of the latter for being
concern d in bis Murther.

Folios CESAR, Pag 271.

Thro* This, the well-beloved BRUTUS fabba,
And, as he pluck*'d his cursed Steel away,
Mark how the Blood of Cæsar follow'd it!
As \rusbing out of Doors to be resolud, * EB.
I if Brutus / unkindly knock*d, or no: 4
For BRUT US, as you know, was Cesar's ANGEL.
Judge, oh, you Gods, how dearly CASAR oy him!
This, This, was the unkindest Cut of alls {4 \ 3 4
For when the noble Cæsar saw Him stab,
INGRATITUDE, more Nrong than T. Py Arms,
Quite e him

o « Wu ®

But this amounts to no more than a positive Acchishtibs against
Brutus of Ingratitude, because Cæsar lov'd him to that Degree.
We know Nothing from hence of the Spring of Cæsar's Affection,
or why Brutus, even for assisting in his Murther, should be
stigmatiz d with Bastardy. As this Piece of secret History is
no where else so much as hinted at, that I know of, or can recolled,
throughout all our Author's Works, I shall give it from
PLUTARCH in the Life of Marcus BrUTUs. Cesar, before
the great Battle of Pharsalia, had order'd his Commanders to.
spare Brutus, and bring him safe to him, if he would willingly
surrender himself : But if he made any Resistance, to sutfer
him to escape, rather than to kill him. © And this he
6 is believed to haue done (says the HisTORTAN,) out of a
Tenderness to Servilia, the Mother of Brutus: F or e =

of the Tragedy of HAMLRr. Bis: |
cad it seems, in his Youth, been very intimate with her, i
«and she passionately in Lore with him. And considering if
& 2 Brutus was born about that Time, in which their Loves | |

were at the highest, Cesar had some Reason to believe that he |

% was begot by him.. This SHAXESPEARE knew, and

therefore reviles Brutus with being the Bastard Ius of the Man
whom tie 10 ungratefully kill'd.

Good Gentlemen, give him a farther edge, 2 8

LV. Act 3. Sens ti Page 399. „
And drive his Purpose INTO the se delights. : | |

8 But Two Speeches above, Rosencraus had informed the Queen, 1
that there did seem a kind of Joy in Hamlet to hear of the Ac- {1
tors Conung, and that they had already Orders to play before m
him: What Occasion, therefore, was there to drive bis Purpose | f
into these Delights ? He already seem'd to give into them; and
the King desires Rosencraus and Guildenstern to promote and | lit
>: further that Bent and Disposition which Hamlet shew'd to that
bort of Pleasures. I think, , the second Folio Edition 8 il
KF expresses this PN, mare right) Bt OCs .

Gord G utlemen, give} tim a Aa 5 Eee, W
And drive bis Purpose ON 10 these Delights. |

And so the Poet exp bees wm elk © in the second Act of |
this Play, where 4 King entreats Rosencraus and Guildenstern, 85 i
as old School-fellows of Hamiet, to stay a while at Court in or- i
to divert him. See pag. 379. - j

8 FEC you Both,
5 f That being of so young Days brought up with hin,”
41d sance so neighbour?d to his Youth and Humour,
That You vouchsafe your Rest here in our Court 7
Jome little Time, so by your Companies . 3 E | W
0 draw hin ON TO Phases, =

Text Vindicated.

The Examination and Correction

LVI. Act g. Scene 2. Page 400.
To be, or not to be? That is the question, - +
Whether ' tis nobler in the mind, to suffer f
The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune 5
Or to take arms against a SEA of troubles,
Aud by opposing end them? -- - 9

A late Eminent AUTHOR, I think, took the beginning of this

noble Speech to Task, for employing too great a Diversity of

Metaphors, that have no Agreement with one another, nor any
Propriety and Connexion in the Ideas. To take Arms against 4
Sea, literally speaking, would be as unfeasible a Project, as
the Artempt (mentioned in a Speech of the Lord Haversham,

in a late Reign; ) to stop the Tide at Gravesend with a Man's

Thumb. Mr. PoE subjoins a Note, that instead of a S of

Troubles, it might have been perhaps, siege; which continues

the Metaphor of flings, arrows, taking Arms; and represents te

being encompassed on all Sides with Troubles. The EDITOR is not
the first who has had the same Suspicion : And I may say, because

I am able to prove it by Witnesses, it was a Guess of
mine, before he had enter'd upon publishing Sraxzs>zars.

But, perhaps, the Correction may be, at best, but a Guess ; considering

the great Liberties that this Poet is observed to take,

elsewhere, in his Diction, and Connexion of Metaphors : And considering

too, that a Sea (amongst the antient Writers, sacred

particularly, in one Passage, calls a prodigious Army coming

and prophane, in the Oriental, as well as the Greek and Latin,

Tongues ;) is used to signify not only the great, collected, Body

of Warers which make the Ocean, but likewise a vast Quantity,

or Multitude, of any thing else. * The Prophet Jeremiah,

Vid. Schindleri Lex:c. Pentaglottum; Kircheri Concordantias Veteris Teslamentj ; Becmannum
de Origine Liusuæ Latinæ; Martinii Lexicon, Philologicam, &c.

4 - 3 OD Ss a J
SSIS Sues Po Ee: ge: or e 2 42 :
nnn a *. * — , ba 5 7 ER d \ 3 - .

V c rae bn pe gone
1 S 8 vs

of the Tragedy of HAMLET.

up against a City, a Sea. Chap. 5 1. 42. The Sea is come up

upon Babylon; she is covered with the Multitude of the Wares
thereof. So here, I conceive, to take Arms against a Sea of Troubles,

is, figuratively, to bear up against the Troubles of human Life,

which slow in upon us, and encompass us round, like a Sea.
BUT there is another Passage in this Soliloquy of Har Er,

which, I hinted, in my Remarks upon the last Act, would

demand some Consideration in its proper Place; and, therefore,

it naturally falls in here.

But that the Dread of Something after Death
(That undiscover'd Country, from whose Bourn
No Traveller returns ;) puz&les the Will ;
And makes us rather bear those Itls we have,
Than fly to Others that we know not of.

of Forgetfulness and Self-Contradiftion from this Passage; seeing

that in this very Play he introduces a Character from the other
World, the Ghost of Hamrer's Father. I would not be so
hardy to assert peremptorily, that SH4xzsPEARE was aware
of this seeming Absurdity, and despised it; any more than I
would pretend to justify him against this Charge to all his Objectors.

If he foresaw any thing of it, perhaps, he shelter'd
himself from their Criticisms under some Reserve like this.
Tis certain, to introduce a Ghost, a Being from the other
World, and to say that no Traveller returns from those Confines,
is, literally taken, as absolute a Contradiction as can be sup-

SHAKESPEARE brings his Ghost only from a middle State, or

local Purgatory ; a Prison-house, as he makes his Spirit call it,

Self-Contradiction

12 t

Phe: ee
amin el.

The Criticks have, without the least Scruple, accused the Poet

posed, & facto & terminis. But we are to take Notice, that

where he was doom'd, for a Term only, to expiate his Sins of
Nature. By the undiscovered Country, here mentioned, he may,

perhaps, mean that last and eternal Residence of Souls in a State of
full Bliss or Misery: which Spirits in a Middle State (either

under Purgation, or in the Prisons of Hope, as, I think, one of the
ArosrLEs calls them ;) could not be acquainted with, or ex-
N 2 plain,

TN gd re

The Examination and Correction

plain. So that, if any Latitude of Sense may be allow'd to

the Poet's Words, tho' he admits the Possibility of a Spirit returning
from the Dead, he yet holds that. the State of the Dead cannot

be communicated, and, with that Allowance, it remains still
an undiscover d Country. We are to oblerve too, that even his

Ghost who comes, as I hinted above, from Purgatory, (or, whatever

else has been understood under that Denomination ;) comes

under Restrictions: And tho' he confesses himself subject to a

Vicissitude of Torments, yet he says at the same time, that he
is forbid to tell the Secrets of his Prison-house. If these Qualifi-

cations will not intitle the Poet to say, that n Traveller returns

from the Verge of the other World, i. e. to disclose any

of its Mysteries, without a Contradiction to the Liberty he has

raken of bringing Apparitions upon the Stage; it is all the Saldo
I can put in for him, and I must give him up to the Mercy

of the Cavillers. The Antients had the same Notions of
our abstruse and twilight Knowledge of an After-Being. VAI E-

RIUS EL Accus, I remember, (if I may be indulged in a short
Digression,) speaking of the lower Regions, and State of the Spirits

there, has an Expression which, in one Sense, comes close to
our AUTHOR'S tundiscovered Country; viz === Superis incognita

Tellus. And it is observable that VIxOII, before he enters upon

a Description of Hell, and of the Elyfan Fields, implores the
Permission of the Infernal Deities, and professes, even then, to
discover no more than Hear. Say concerning their Mysterious

Dominions. VIRG. Æneid. VI.

Dii, quibus imperium est Animarum, Umbræque silentes,

Et Chaos, & Plilegethon, loca nocte tacentia kad;
Sit mihi fas audita loqui, fit numine vestro

Pandere res alti terri et caligine merfas.

The Note of Donatus upon this Paslage is very remarkable to

our Poet's Subject: But That the Curious may refer to at their

Leisure. | 315
ISHALL conclude all I have to remark on this fine Soil u, when
I have subjoin'd an Explication to one Word; in which, perhaps,
I may

r 5 N 5 So = N
FFF 8
e , WF, EF: 8
* 8 EE 4 * ex 5 7

of the Tragedy of HamLeT, 85

I may take the Poet in a Meaning different from what the Generality
of his Readers understand him. But if my Singularity
in this Point be justify'd by a Reason, I hope it will secure me
from the Censure of being idly singular. He is saying, That
were it not for the Dread of an unknown State after this, who
Would bear the Plagues and Calamities here, when he could
himself put an End to them, and his own Life too? His Words
are these; e | N Pr

For who would bear the Whips, and Scorns of Time, Occasional
b | | A

x WWhen as himself might his Quictus make |
With a bare BODKIN? ;

I know that the Poet is generally interpreted to mean in this |
Place, When we might give ourselves a Release by any, the least, 4
Weapon of Offence that can be. Tis true, This exaggerates the | - =
Thought in that particular; but I can scarce suppose that he intended
to descend to a Thought, that a Man might dispatch |
himself with a Bodkin, or little Implement with which Women | if
separate, and twilt over their Hair. I rather believe, the Poet jy
designed the Word here to signify, according to the old Usage | It
ofit, a Dagger. Tho' the Glossaries give us no such Interpretation,
the use of an Old and Learned Poet, who may weigh . | |
against their Comments, I am sure will {support me in it. : 0
CHAUCER, in his Monke's Tale, recounting the Murther of Julius |

— 22 —ñ— —_ K * 1 fs © pats du . —— PT.

3 ˖j7§—rxx YO ts,

p n ** * OAT R
. „ EE RON IS 4 9997, Fre = SYN
777 ee RR

Cesar, has this Stanza,

This Julius unto the Capitol went,
Upon a day, as he was wont to gone,

And in the Capitol anon him hent

| 1 This false Brutus, and his other fone,

And sticked him with BODKINS anone

With many a Wound, and thus they let him lie:
But never grutch'd he at no firoke but One,

Or else at two, but if bis flory lie.

q x AP
n Ss x -

— — Dm bo

86 The Examination and Correction

Tis plain, that the Poet here means Dageers by this Word : And
no one ever yet thought that Brutus and Cassius, or any other
of the Conspirators, ftabb'd Cesar with their Ladies Bodkins.

LVIT. Ad g. Scene 6. Page 407.

False Point= King. I have nothing with this answer, Hamlet, these words are
ing. | :
N0t Mile.

Haml. No, nor mine u] ow, my Lord L.] Tou play d once ih On:

ver sity, you say?

HAMLET gives the King an abrupt, gruff, Answer ; and immediately

applies himself and his Discourse to Polonius. Correct
it therefore, as the second and fourth Folio Editions have
King. I have Nothing with this Answer, Hamlet : these Words are
Not Mine. en | 5 : 5
Haml. No, nor mine. - - - Now, my Lord, --- You play d once ith
Vniversity, you say ? .
LVIII. Ibid. Page 408.
Omission ü Haml. Lady, shall Ilie in your Lap?
e Ophel. No, my Lord. |

Haml. Do you think I meant Country matters !

Certainly, HAMLET's Answer is more natural, and less abrupt,

if we restore this Paslage from the second folio Edition thus:

Haml. Lady, shall I lie in your Lap?

Ophel. No, my Lord. 3

Haml. I mean, my Head upon your Lap?

Ophel. Ay, my Lord.

Haml. Do you think I meant Country Matters?

Tx.

of the Tragedy of HAMuLEx.

But, indeed, if ever the Poet deserved Whipping for low and
indecent Ribaldry, it was for this Passage ; ill-tim'd in all its

Circumstances, and unbefitting the Dignity of his Characters,

as well as of his Audience.

LIX. Act 3. Scene 7. Page 408.

Enter a King and Queen very bo vmgly 37 he Queen embracing him, Omission
I] He takes her up, and declines his Head bh,

and he her. [|
upon her Lap.

Mr. PoE here makes the King, as we say upon a different Occasion,
take her up, before she's down. It miist be restor d as the
second folio Edition, and several others, rightly have it.

Enter a King and Qucen, very lovingly 3 the Queen embr acing him,

and he her. She kneels, and makes Shew of Protestation unto him :
He takes her up, and declines his Head upon her Lap.

LX. Ibid. Page 410.

And wwomen”s fear and love hold quantity, Emenda-

Tis either none, or in extremity;
Now what my love is, proof hath made you know,
And as my love is FIX*D, my fear is /0.

So several of the Editions exhibit this Passage; but, I think,

tion,

the Sense of the Context shews it to be wrong. My Quarto

Edition of 1637 has it;
And as my Love is CIZ'D, my Fear is fd.
And the Second folio Edition reads,
by as my Love is SIZ, my Fear is so.

The Examination and Correfiog

Now, from these two mistaken Readings, and as the Queen

21 d is talkin} ore of the Quantity of her Love and Fear,
their Proportion, not their Comtinuance or Duration, Lum perswaded,
the whole Passage ought to be reftor'd thus;

And Women's Fear and Love hold Quantity,
Tis either None, or in Extremity 5

Now what my Love is, Proof hath made you lubw,
Aud as my Love is SIZ*D, my Fear is so:

i. e. As you know by Proof the Quantity of m Love; so my
Fear for yu is of the same Size as my Lore: is.

LXI. Ibid. Page 41 2.

| 1 Fol P u. : King, What do von call the Play? 2.

Haml. The Mouse-trap. Marry, how 2 TOPIC ALLY.
This play is the image of a murther done in Vienna;
Gonzago is the duke's Name, his WIFE Baptista;

Correct it, as it onght to be.

King. What do you call the Play 7 3

Haml. The Mouse- trap. Marry how TROPICALLY..
This Play is the Image of a Murther done in Vienna;
Gonzago ir the Duke's Name, his Wirk's Baptista;

Well ; 3 immediately upon this enters Lucianus ; and HAMLET,
continuing his Relation, tells his Uncle;

F the Tragedy of HAMLET.
EXIT. Ibid:
This is one Lucianus, nephecy to the KING.

All the Editions whatever, 'tis true, concur in this Reading ;
and therefore we are to presume the Blunder was original,

either in the Poet's Inadvertence, or the Mistake of the first

Transcript. Nephew to what King? The Story of the introduc'd

Emendation,

Play is the Murther of Gonzago, Duke of Vienna: As is plain

from the preceding Part of this very Speech. It therefore ought
to be corrected, in Spight of all the printed Copies ;

This is one Lucianus, Nephew to the DUKE.

So, wherever the Player-King and Queen are mentioned, it

ought to be DUKE and DUTCHESS. The Source of these

Mistakes is easily to be accounted for, from the Stage's Dres-

1 ng of the Characters. Regal Coronets, perhaps, being by the
Poet at first ordered for the Duke and Dutchess, the succeeding
Players, who did not so strictly observe the Quality of the

Characters and Circumstances of the Story, mistook them for

a King and Queen; and so the Error was deduced down from

thence to the present Times.
LXIII. Ibid.
Ophel. Zon are keen, my Lord, you are keen.
Haml. It would cost you a groaning, to take off my edge.
Ophel. Still WORSE and worse.
Haml. $0 you mult take your Husbands.

preached to the poor Ladies: And I can't help wishing, for our

Emendation.

Surely, this is the most uncomfortable Lesson that ever was

own sakes too, it mayn't be true. Tis too foul a Blot upon
our Reputations, that every Husband that a Woman takes mult

be worse than her former. The Poet, I am pretty sure, intend

O Sa ed

L - — —— . 5 F 1
NC : — — =; — — 2 — —
——ů— — — —— —— AWA :? a — — — — - Cog I I > — <rgg» e os _— nr . 5
— % ͤi— —˙ 1 . n r éÄ r ˙—˙T———— ee ee rr EE _s „„ - bs *

The Examination and Correction

ed no such Scandal upon the Sex. The Second and Fourth

folio Editions, and the Quarto of 1637, read the latter Part of
this Dialogue thus.

Ophel. 97277 better aud worse.
Haml. So you mistake Husbands.

Mistake, in the Last Line, runs thro' all the printed Copies,
that I have ever seen, from the second folio Edition downwards,
Mr. PoE, who very justly restores the true Reading there,
takes no manner of Notice of the Various Reading in the Jast
Line but One : Tho, if I understand the Poet's Conceit at all,

the whole Smartness of the Repartee depends upon it. I think,
therefore, the entire Passage ought to stand thus,

Ophel. Zou are keen, my Lord, you are keen.

Haml. It would cosi Tou a Groaning to take off mine Edge.
Ophel. Srill BETTER and WORSE.

Haml. So you must take your Husbands.

In short, HAMLET has been all along talking to the young Lady
in double Entendre's, or, rather, in a Strain of Freedom which!

scarce admits of that nice Distinction. She tells him once before,

that he's naught, and she'll mark the Play. He still keeps

up his Vein of Drollery, and throws in such plain Hints, that
she is forced to parry them by an indirect Answer ; and remarks,
as I conceive, that his Wit is smarter, tho' his Meanin

is more blunt. This, I think, is the Sense of her · Still better
and worse, - - and then there is some Reason and Acuteness

in HAMLETSs Answer, So you must take your Husbands.
For he certainly alludes to the Words in the Church- Service of

Matrimony, where the Husband and Wife promise alternately to
take each other for BET'TER, for WORSE ; for richer, for

LAXIV.

convinced of his Uncle's Guilt. The Paslage ought certainly to

pressions now before me. 1 5 1 —

of the Tragedy of HAuLE I. *
IXIV. Ibid. Page 413.

Ophel. The King rises, Omission li

[ 4 supply d |

Queen. How fares my Lord? | N
Polon. G: ve oer the play. : | f
King. Give me some light, away. | -

As Hamlet had rhrown some apposite Lines into the Play, in
Order to sift the King's Conscience as to the Fact of his Father's ts —
Murther, and was resolved to watch his Looks and Behaviour l!
narrowly during the Representation ; when the Scene comes to j
touch the Poysoning in the Garden, and the King, struck with |
the Image of his own Deed, ca set it out no longer, methinks, i
it is very improbable that Hamlet, upon this pleasing Stroke of j

Conviction, {should not express his Satisfaction in one half-line

at least, upon the Play having a proper Effect, and his being

be supplied from the Second Folio Edition, and Three more In-

Ophel. The King rises.

Haml. What, frighted with false Fire?
Queen. How fares my Lord? ED ic

Polon. Give oer the Play. |

King. Give me some Light, away.

ILXV. Act 3. Scene 8. Page 413.
Conjectural |

IWould not this, Fir, and a forest of feathers, if the rest of my fortunes En
turn Turk with me, with two provincial roses on my RAY'D Shoes, |
get me a fellowship in a cry of players, Sir? lf

Hamlet, applauding himself upon the Discovery his additional
Lines in the Play have made of his Uncle's Villany, asks Horatio,
whether he does not think, that his Skill, and a few Thea-

The Examination and Correction

trical Equipments join'd with it, would not, upon a Shift, help
him into a Share among the Players by their own Voices, Bur,
what are we to understand by ray d Shoes? Mr. Pop tells us,
at the Bottom of his Page, that in some Books he had found it
racd ; in others, rack d. Tis true; and no less than three Edjtions
that I know of, (viz. the Quartos of 1637 and 1703, and
Mr. Hughs's Impression,) have it, rax d: And all the four

Readings, I believe, are equally mistaken ; tho the last mentioned,

perhaps, will bring us nearest to the true one. "Tis plain

to me, Hamlet, from the Discovery that his Lines in the Pla

have extorted, 1s complimenting himself on his Taste and Judgment
in the Powers of Tragedy ; and seems to think that he wants
Nothing but a Stock of Plumes, and Buskins, to set him up for
one of the Profession. If this be the true Sense of the Paslage,
as I believe verily it is, I am apt to think the Poet wrote it thus.

WWould not This, Sir, and a Forest of Feathers, if the rest of my Fortunes
turn Turk with Me, with two provincial Roses on my RAISD
Shoes, get me a Fellowship in a Cry of Players, dir?

By raisd Shoes, as I take it, he means the Tragedy-Buskin, (or
Cothurnus, as 1t was call'd by the Romans; ) which was as much
higher in the Heel than other common Shoes, as the Chioppines,
worn by the Venetians, are, mention'd by our Poet in the foregoing
Act of this Play. It was the known Custom of the Tragedians
of Old, that they might the nearer resemble the Heroes
they personated, to make themselves as tall in Stature, and, by

an artificial Help to Sound, to speak as big, as they possibly could.

But of this I shall have Occasion to speak more at large in the
Dissertation to be prefix d to my Translation of Aschrius's Tragedies.
Ho RACE, in. his short History of the Progress of the
Stage, takes Notice of these two Things, as peculiar Supplements
to Tragedy; - maguumque loqui, nitique Cothurno : And SHARK R-
SPEARE himself, in his Troilus and Cressida, seems to rally the
Actors both on Account of stretching their Voices and Persons,

F the Tragedy of HAMLET.

And like a strutting Player, whose Conceit
Lies in his Ham-string, and doth think it rich
To hear the wooden Dialogue, and Sound,
Twixt his STRETCH'D Foortixs and the Scaffoldage 5

LXVI. Ibid.

For thou dost know, oh Damon dear,
This realm dismantled was
O Jove hmmself, and now reigns here
A very very PEACOCK.

The Generality of Editions have another Reading, (which is,
indeed, a corrupt one as printed,) but Mr. PoPz has espoused
This, and subjoined a Note for his Reason ; that it alludes to a
Fable of the Birds chufing a King, instead of the Eagle, a Peacock.
I suppose, the Epito0k must mean the Fable of Barlandus, irt
which ic is said, the Birds, beitig weary of their State of Anarchy,
moved for the setring up of a King, The Peacock, on Account
of his gay Feathers, put in for the Office ; and the
Choice upon the Poll falling to him, a Pye stood up with
this Speech in his Mouth; May it pelase your Majesty, lays

he, we should be glad to know, in Caje the Eagle should fall upon us

in your Reign, as he has formerly done, how will you be able to defend
us? But, with Submission, in this Passage of SHAKESPEARE,
there is not the least Mention made of the Eagle, unless, by
an uncommon Figure, Jove himself stands in the Place of his
Bird. Then, we do not find that Hamlet intends to speak of his
Uncle, as of a Person unable to defend the Realm; nor, indeed,
do we find that the Realm had been yet attack'd, or wanted a

Defender. In short I think, Hamlet is here setting his Father sand
Uncle's Characters against each other; and means to say, that b

his Father's Death, the State was stript ofa Godlike Monarch, in Excellence

rivalling Fove : And chat now, in his stead, reign'd the most
despicable Animal that could be. I say, that Hamlet intends a Comparison

bet wixt his Father and his Uncle; or, at least, to {peak greatly
to the Disadvantage, and in Contempt of the latter. But the
1 ; Peacock,

Conjectural
Emenda-

The Examination and Correction

Peacock, surely, is too fine a Bird to be thus degraded; tho! the
Eagle has the Preference in Strength, Spirit, and Fierceness.
Belides, what Features of Resemblance are there betwixt a tame
Peacock, and a King, who had Courage enough to usurp a Crown,
to make away with his own Brother to make way for himself,
and to justle his Brother's Son, Hamlet, out of the Election, tho
he was a Favourite of the People?
Fist Cee. Were it necessary to suppose, that the Poet meant, Hamles
should revile his Uncle here for a tame, cowish Spirit, and as
one inheriting none of the masculine Qualities of his Predecessor;
the Change of a single Letter will give us this Sense, and a Word
too that has the Warrant of our Poet, in another Place, to bear
that Signification. I would then read,

and nw reigns here
A very, very, MEACOCK.

Now a * Meacock or Yewcock, besides its proper Signification of a
cravenly Bird, is taken metaphorically to mean a dastardly. effeminate
Fellow: And in that Acceptation we find it uled in the
TAMING of the SHREW, pag. 312. „„ On

Oh, you are Novices ; *tis World to see,
Flow tame (when Men and Women are alone,)
A MEACOCK HWretch can make the curstest Shrew.

1 But not to fix ourselves down absolutely to this Reading, let's
[| first have Recourse to the various Reading in some of the Copies,
1 and see what Help we can derive from thence. The Second and
Fourth Editions in Folio, the Quarto of 1637. and, if it be worth
mentioning, the Duodecimo Impression, publish'd by Mr. Tonson
in 1714, all have it; N „„

and nw reigns here
Various Rea- 5 | |
any | A very, very, PAJOCK.

A at.

Skinner's Lexicon Erymoleg, in Meacock.

of the Tragedy of Hamer. 95
I must own, I know no such Term; but there is one so very
near it in Sound, and one which Grains the Author's Meaning 1 in

Sense 1o aptly, that it is not improbable but he might write originally;

————— —— and now reigns here | ere Lewy
ect HUVEC.
A ver), very, PADDOCK. f

Here you have the old Word itself which Minshew derives from
padde, Bufo, a Toad. * Our Author was very well acquainted with
the Word, and has used it more than once, or twice. In the
First Witch-Scene of his Macbeth, we have these Words.

ist Witch. ---- - === T come, Grimalkin;
2d Witch. PADDOCK calls.

Where the Hages speak of the eagles of the Cat, and the

Croaking of the 1 oad, which they are supposed to hear from the Organs

of their Familiars. But what makes it the more probable that

this Term should be used here, Hamlet, again, afterwards, {peaking
of his Uncle to the Queen his Mother, among other contemptuous

Additions, gives him this very Appellation of Paddock.

> === ===== *Tere good, you let him know ;
For who, that's but a Queen, fair, sober, wise,
Would from a PADDOCK, from 4 a Bat, a Gib,
Such dear Concerning bude: ?

But, again: If we will, With Mr. Po PE, suppose, that thePoet EEO
alludes to the Eagle, and some inferior Bird in Quality that has
got the Start of him; another small Variation from the Text

will bring us to all we want for this Purpose. Why, then, might
not the Poet make his Ham let say,

n ee reigns here

A very, Very PUTTOCK.

Idem, in Paddock.

9886 The Examination and Cyrrection

i. e. 2 ravenous Kite, a mere Bird of Prey; a Devourer of the
State and People; without any of the Excellencies and defensive
Virtues of the Royal Eagle, his Father? Here again we have a
Word, which the Poet was as well acquainted with, as with the
two already quoted.

Second Part of King HENRT VI. pag. 160.

Who finds the Partridge in the PUTTOCK's Nest,
But may imagine how the Bird was dead,
Although the Kite sdar with unbloodied Beak ?

Bur what might go a good Way towards supporting a Conjecture
that this was our Author's Word here, is, that there is a particular
Passage in another of his Plays, where the Eagle and Putzock
are placed comparatively, and in a Light of Opposition to
one another.

CYMBELINE. Pag. 128.

Cymb. Thou might*st have bad the sole Son of” my Queen.
Imog. O vest, that I might not ! I chose an EAGLE,
And ard avoid a PUTTOCK. _—

I shall leave these Conjectural Reading entirely to the an
tion of better Judgments: But, I think, I may with Modesty af.
firm every one of them to de more just, and better grounded,
than that espoused by the Editor; and that therefore the Peacock
may e en be content to wait for mater Election.

LXVII. Ibid. Page 415.

Variews Rea: Oh wonderful son, that can 0 aftonish a Mather EY But is there 10 se.

Pointing. quel at the heels of this Mother-Admiration ?

Correct, as some of the better Books exhibit ir;

0 wonderful Son, that can so aftonish a Mother l But i zs there no

S eguel at the Heels of this Mother s-Admiration ?
LXVIII.

of the Tragedy of HAMLR T. 97
LXVIIL. Ibid. Page 416 e —

Haml. Methinks it is like an f Oule. Fut
Pol. It is black like an Ouꝛ le. *

— — — — — WOIOR — *

An Ozzle, or Black-Bird, it has been printed by Mistake a H eesel, which is
not black.

I have nothing to object against this Alteration made by Mr. PoPz;
or, why an Ouzle may not be as proper as a Weefel : But I am | ö
afraid his Reasoning, that it has been printed by Mistake a Weesel,
because a Weelel is not black, --- will not be altogether so incontestible

when we come to see that the Second Edition in Folio, 1
and several other of the Copies have a various Reading, in which : AN
there 1s not the least Intimation of Blackness. here, you read

—— eo oo —

Haml. Methinks, it is like a WWees61 © |
Polon. 11 is BACK D ke a Weesel, 5 1 i

Sn LXIX. Ibid.
False Prins. |

Haml. Then will T come to my Mother by and by; they fool me to the bs. |
top of my bent. I will come by and by. Leave me, friends. es Ml

I will say so. By and by is easily said. ;

We have already, in the Course of these Remarks, conversd ED
with a Place or two, which have given Reason to presume, that, if i
corrected at all, they could be corrected only by the Servants at the 2
Press. Here again is a Passage so confused, and so indiscriminately
printed, that it furnishes a strong Suspicion of never having been |
revised by the Editor. Could so nice a Judge as Mr. POE pals =
over such absurd Stuff as is jumbled here together, and not obs ﬀ
serve a Fault that is so plain and palpable? Correct it with all =

the Editions that I have ever seen, except the Quartos of 1537,
and 1703, in which the Text is likewise shuffled and faulty;

— — æꝑ œ4äd& Ge . —

1 — — 2 — = — = —— — — CEE — — — — —
yo —— — 2 —. — 2 _ * og
— — — — "5 or Want + N - — — — ——— —
— — — 1 l 8 CEL IIS TIT LAI — ——————ů— — 2 —
— — — — — * 3 EA As 2s — — CR > — — — —
— — r — ==z - A — ——— — - _ e - _
— — —_ A 8 5 - N
—— — " RR ——=% 4 1

g — Ka.

Omisii on
supply d.

The Examination and Correction

Haml. Then will I come to my Mother by and by. --- They foot ine fs
the Top of my Bent. I will come by and by.
Polon. Tull say sò. Exit Polon.

Haml. By and by is easily said. Leave me, Friends,
Exeunt Rosen. and Guilden,

LXX. Ibid. Page 417.

T will speak daggers to her, but use none.
My Tongue and soul iu this be hypocrites /
[ * Exit.

The Editor might have taken Not ice that a Couplet follows here,
in several of the printed Copies, which he mistrusted not to be
SHAKESPEARE's, I will not warrant the Lines to be his, but
they are obsolete enough in the Phrase to be so; neither are
they so bad, as to be politively disputed. He has many Coup:

lets full as bald and poor in the Diction; and These have an

False Print-

Authority as old as the second Folio Edition, and have found
a place in most of the more modern Copies too. The Verses
are these. 5 5
Jill speak Daggers to her, but use none.
My Tongue and Soul in This be Hypocrites /
How in my Words soever She be f shent,
To give them Seals never my Soul consent. Exit.
n put to Confusion, roughly treated.
LXXI. Act g. Scene 9. Page 417.
J like him not, nor stands it safe with us
To let his Madness rage. -- ---

Restore, with all the Editions:
To let his Madness range

LXXII

of the Tragedy of HAMLEx.

LXXII. Ibid.
Most holy and religious fear it is, eee
To keep those many bodies safe, that live . 1 ng

And feed upon your majesty.

The last Line here is lame, and shorter by a Foot than it should
be, without any Necellity. The second Folio Edition is likewise

faulty, for there the last Line but One is N and
the Verses are plac'd thus.

To keep those many Bodies safe,
That live and feed upon your Majesty.

A 1 Disp osition of the Verses, and of so long a Date,
gives a Proof a a Fault, and a fort of Inlet to the Cure. i
The Quarto Edition of 1637, is the only One that I have — '|
observ'd, which makes the Verses compleat ; and adds a fine —
and forcible Emphasis to the Sentence, by the Repetition of one f
Word; a Figure (as I have before observ'd in the Remark, N?, .
Kl.) very familiar with SHAXz2sPEARE. Restore them thus: „ |

Most holy and religious Fear it is,
To keep those many, many, Bodies safe,
That live and feed upon your Majesty.

LXXIII. Ibid. Page 418. "I

Oh my affence ic rauk, it smells to heav'n, Conjecture.
It hath the Primal eldest curse upon it, 0
[ 1] 4 Brother's murther. Pray, T cannot, cc. | a

TRES again the last Verse halts in the Measure, and, if 1 don't |
mistake, the Sense is a little lame too. Was a Brother's Murther |
the eldest Curse ? Surely, it was rather the Crime, that was the [
Cause of this eldest Curse. We have no Atlifiance, however, |

P 2 either

Emendation.

The Examination and Correction
either to the Sense or Numbers, from any of the Copies. All
the Editions concur in the Deficiency of a Foot; but if we can
both cure the Measure, and help the Meaning, without a Disgrace
or Prejudice to the Author, I think, the Authority of the

printed Copies is not sufficient to forbid a Conjecture. Perhaps,
the Poet wrote;

It has the primal eldest Curse upow't,
THAT OF a Brother's Murther. Pray, I cannot, %c.

LXXIV. Act 3. Scene 10. Page 420.

Up, ford, and know thou a more horrid TIME;
Il hen he is drunk, asleep, or in his Rage, &c.

This, as I take it, is a sophisticated Reading, espoused by Mr.

Po E from the more modern Editions. The second Folio Edition

and the Quarto of 1637, both read;

Vp, Sword, and know Thou a more horrid HENT E

The Editor has taken Notice, at the Bottom of his Page, of this

Word, as a various Reading ; but, as I humbly presume, without

guessing at the Reason of it. *Tis true, there is no such Sub-
{tantive, I believe, as Hent; and yet the true Word of the Poet,
I am fatished, lies hid under it, by a {light literal Corruption.
Restore it therefore 8

Up, Sword, and know Thou a more horrid BEN T;

i. e. Drift, Scope, Inclination, Purpose, & c. and there is scarce any

Word more frequent than This with our Poet, where he has

Occasion to express himself in those Senses.

(1.) Mc Ao ABOUT NOTHING. pag. 5 10.

They have the Truth of This from Hero, they seem to pity
the Lady : it seems, her Asfections have the full BENT.

of the Tragedy of HAMLET.

(2.) WinTER's TALE. pag. 559.

To your own BEN T S dispose you ; yowll be found,
Boe you beneath the Sky.

(s.) FurIiuUs CESAR, pag. 243.

—— Leave me to work ;
For I can give his Humour the true BENT:
And I will bring him to the Capitol.

(4.) TROILUS and CRESSIDA, pag. 28.

1 bring a Trumpet to awake his Ear,
To set his Sense on that attentive BE N T,
Aud then to speak.

(5. CLMBELINE. pag. 123.

os <=» Dat uot a Courtier, #5
(Altho? they wear their Faces to the BENT
Of the King's Looks; ) but hath a Heart that 1 15 not
Glad at the Thing they coul at.

(6) Ro 2 Eo and FUL 7 ET, pag, _
If that thy BEN s 7 of Love be honourable,
Thy Purpo se, Marriage;

(J.) So twice before in HA t E ET] as, pag. 380;

But we Both obey,
And here give up our selves in the full B E N T,
To lay our Service freely at your Feet,

(8.) And again, pag. 416.
They fool me to the Top of my BENT:

Harious
Neading.

of Plagiarism, for an Emendation which I had made, before ever

here, I think, the Editor has adopted a Reading directly opas

that She was not his Uncle's Wife. He loves and honours her
as his Mother; and therefore, out of those Regards, wishes She

his Uncle, whom he knew eto be his Father's Murtherer. The

The Examination and Correction

J am surpriz'd the Editor could remember this Word from
None of these Instances, and a Number more that lie interspers'd
in our Poet; especially as it is a Word of his own too in his Preface
to the Edition, pag. 4. He hits upon that particular Point, on
which the BENT of each Argument turns, or the Force of each
Motive depends. I did not think, when I began this Work, to
collate the more recent Folio Editions, especially the fourth, pub.
lish'd in 1685, for I had it not then by Me; but upon throw.
ing my Eye over it lately, I find it is there printed, as I have
here corrected it — 4 more horrid B EN T. I thought my
self obliged to make this Confession, that I might not be accus'd

I saw a single Page of That Bock. |
LXXV. Ibid. Page 421.

Queen. Have you forgot me? .
Haml. - - No, by the Rood, not so,
Dun are the Queen, your busband*s brother*s wife,
AND (would it were not /0) you are my mother.

If I understand at all what Hamlet should be presum'd to say

polite to the Sentiment the Poet would express. Surely, Hamlet
does not so much with that the Queen was not his Mother,

had not that Disgrace upon her Character, of having married

Passage, certainly, ought to be distinguished as the second Folio
Edition, and several other of the better Copies, lead the way.

Queen. Have you forgot me?
Haml. - - - - - - No, by the Rood, not so; 5
Zou are the Queen, your Husband"s Brother's 'Wife,

BUT, *would you were not. so! — - Zu are my Mother,

of the Tragedy of HAMLET.

LXXVI. Ibid. Page 422.

======-=»- Ha] have you ches?
Lou cannot call it love; for at your age,
The hey-day of the blood is tame, it's humble,
Aud waits upon the judgment ; and what judement
Would step from this to this? ( of

] what devil i
That thus hath cogen'd you at hoodman blind?

There is an Addition, in several of the Copies, which, tho
it has not the Sanction of any older Edition, that I know of,

than the Quarto of 1637. yet has so much of the Style, Diction,

and Cast of Thought peculiar to our Poet, that, I think,

Omillion

supply'4.

we may warrant it to be his, and not an Interpolation of the

Players without that Authority. Perhaps, it was not written
when he first finish'd the Play; or it was left out in the shortning

the Play for the Representation, and so lost its Place in the

first Editions, which were printed from the Players Copies.
The Verses are these; EE» 9
ne Miles have you yes?
Dou cannot call it Love ; for at your Age
The Hey-day of the Blood is tame, it's humble,
And waits upon the udgmeut; and what Judgment
Would step from This - to This --- # Sense sure you have,
Else could you not have Motion; but That Sense
Is apoplex'd: for Madness would not err;
Nor Sense to Ecstasie was ne'er so thralbd,
But it reservꝰd some Quantity of Choice
To serve in such a Difference. Y/hat Devil cast, &c.

The same Book exhibits another small Addition, which is so.
much inferior to the former, that I dare not so boldly vouch
tor it's being genuine.

The Examination and Correction

au=---=---- What Devil was't,

That thus hath cozewd you at hoodman blind?
Eyes without Feeling, Feeling without Sight,
Ears without Hands or Eyes, Smelling sans all,
Or but a sickly Part of one true Sense,

Could not so mope.

LXXVII Ibid. Page 423.

Various |
Reading | 4 ——— 2 —2— Nay, but 70 live |
restored, and < |
explained. In the rank seveat of an INCEST UOUS bed,
Stew'd in corruption, honying and making love
Over thenastysly, =

Here again, as I conceive, we have a sophisticated Reading palmed
upon us, probably, from the Players first, - who did not
understand the Poet's Epither, and therefore conscientiously substiruted
a new one. If we go back, however, to the second
folio Edition (which is one of those collated by the Editor) we
have there a various Reading, of which he is not pleased to take
the least Notice, tho, as I verily believe, it restores us the Poets
own Word.

Nay, bat to live |
In the rank Sweat of an EN SEAMED Bed,
Stew'd in Corruption, honying and making Love
Over the nasty Sty. FETs 1 255

i. e. gross, fulsome, swinish Bed. For, not to dwell too long upon
an unsavoury Image, the Sweat of any other Bed of Pleasure will
be as rank as that of an incestuous Bed. But besides, when we
come to the Etymology, and abstracted Meaning of enseam d, we
snall have a Consonancy in the Metaphors, and a Reason for the
Poet' calling the Bed a nasty Sy. In shoxt, the Glossaries tell

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 105

us, that Seam f 1s properly the Fat, or Grease, of a Hog : And
tho' I do not remember the compound Adjective from it used in
any other Place of the Poet than this before us; yet he has elsewhere
employ d the Substantive ; and making Ulysses speak contemptuously
of Achilles, who had sequester'd himself from the
Grecian Captains and the War, he compares him tacitly to a
Hog in his Sty, feeding on his own Pride, and Self- sufficiency.

TROILUS and CRESSIDA pag. 49.

e Shall the proud Lord,
That basts his Arrogance with his own Stam,
And never suffers Matters of the World
Enter his Thoughts, save such as do revolve
And ruminate himself; Shall He be worshipp*d
Of That «we hold an Idol more than Him?

That were P enlard his Pride, already fat, Sc.
LXXVIII. Ibid. Page 426.
False Point«

No, in despight of sense and secrecy, | 8
Vnpeg the basket on the house's top,
Let the birds fly, and like the famous ape L]
o try conclusions L ] in the basket creep,
And break your own neck down. = - - - -

The Ape crept into the Basket, to try Conclusions ; that
is the Meaning of the Poet : But by the Semicolon, wrong-placed,
the Sense is interrupted, and the Substantive divided from
its Verb. It ought to be pointed, as some of the Editions
rightly have it;

Q _ | KEY and

W 8 the.

Seam is derived from a Contradtion of Sebum, or Sevum, among the Latins; which Words
IsmokE brings à Sue, quasi Suebum, vel Suevum; quia Animal hoc pingue. So Arvina zs a
Ram s Fat, from the old ord Arvix (i. e. Aries) a Ram. Vid. VOSSII Etymolog. Latinum.

ESD | ago 1 LY þ x 2a 1 „
106 The Examination and Correflion

3 and like the famous Ape,
To try Conclusions, in the Basket creep,
And break your own Neck dn.

I have at last, I think, got thro' all the Errors of this long 44,
save a {light one, in which SHAXESPEARE is no ways concern d,
committed by Mr. PoE, in a Note of his own, upon the las
Speech of it. The ten following Verses, says he, are added out of
the old Edition. It must for the future be printed, The Nine
following Verses, &c. for no more than that Number are restored
either from the old Edition, or those modern ones which have
inserted them. 85 711

LXXIX. Act 4A. Scene I. Page 428.

Various IWe 4 not under stand what Was mostfit,
Reading FF:

But like the owner of a foul disease, *
To keep it from divulging, LETS it feed
Eon on the pith of life. LY

The Syntax of this Passage is evidently bad, for WE is as Nominative
to both Verbs, and therefore they both mult be Plural.
Three of my Impressions, viz. the Nuarto ss of 16 375 and 1703,
and that by Mr. Hughs, have it as It ongne to be.

We avoid not understand what was most fit,
But like the Owner of a foul Disease,

To keep it from divulging, LET it feed
Evn on the Pith of Life.

LXXX.

of the Tragedy of HAMLET.

8.8. 5 Ibid. Page 429.

Omission
J ly'd,
Come, Gertrude, we'll call up our wisest Friends, 7 4 a
And let them know both what we mean to db, 8 resto-

0 And what's untimely done : {| _
| | ] O come away,

My soul 10 ful of distord and dismay.

13 1 1 Edition of 16 57 has an Addition in this place,
Which has been admitted into most of the nodern Editions; tho
it has not the Authority of any earlier Date in Print, as I know
of, than that Quarto; and yet seems to bear the very Stamp of
SHAKESPEARE upon it. The Coin, indeed, has been clipt from
our first receiving it ; but it is not so Sminished; but that, with

a small-Athstance, we may hope to make it pals current. The
Reading, as it has hitherto come to us, is chus;

Come, Gertrude, well call up our wi ise est Friends,
And let them know both what we mean to *

Aud What's untimely done.

Whose Whisper o'er the Wor Id's Diameter,

As level as the Cannon to his Blank,

T ransports his poyson'd Shot, may mill our Name,

And hit the woundless Air: O, come away ,

My Soul 3s full of Discord and Hine.

SP 4 * A

is plain here the Sense is defective, as well as the Verse imperfect,

which introduces it: and from the Additional Lines be- |

ginning with the Relative WHOSE, without any preceding No- i;

minative of which it is govern'd, it is as plain that the latter
Part of the foregoing Hemistich fell out in the printing, or was
Ao blind in the Copy as not to be guess'd at, and therefore necessarily
came to be omitted. I wonder, Mr. HUuGas, who inserted

this Passage in his Impression, and could not but see that
Q 2 something

T he Examinatiun aud Correction

something was wanting, did not at the same time endeavour
to supply it. We have not, indeed, so much as the Footsteps,
or Traces, of a cortupted Reading here to lead us to an Emendation
3 nor any Means left of restoring what 1s lost but Con-

4.5 jecture, I shall therefore offer only what the Sense of the Con-

text naturally seems to require. I am far from affirming that

I shall give the Poet's very Words, but tis probable that they
were, at least, very near what follows in Substance,

Come, Gertrude, we'll call up our wisest Frind, 15!
Aud let them know both what we mean to ao, n an
And whats untimely done. Happily, * Slander,
Wiese Whisper ver the World's Diameter,
As level as. the Cannon to his Bln.
Transports his poysowd Shot, may miss our Name.
Aud hit the woundless Air. O, come away; (114
My Soul is full of Discord and Dina...
wo | | Yo 53164 Rumgury, here:

Tis evident, This restores us the Sentiment seemingly requisite,
and there is the more Room to suppose it the very Sentiment

of our SHAKESPEARE. The Poet, I remember, has the same

Thought about the diffusive Powers of Slander in another of his
Plays; tho' he has express d it with some Difference, as well as
with greater Diversity of Metaphor and Alluflow.

No, *tis SLANDER, |
Out-venoms all the Worms of Nile, whose Breath

Rides on the posting Winds, and doth belye
All Corners of the World. | | 1

LXXXI.

ohne | 1 CRIT: 5 57% Offa:
IXXXI. AG 4. Scene g. Page 432
„ ana Thou may' ff ot coldly {et 8

Wu 3 i _

is Our sovereign Process, which imports at full | [ ]
B) letters CONGRUING t that effed,
The present death of Hamlet.

TEAS

Methinks, there is an unnecessary Tautology in this Term Congruing,
which is avoided by the Various Reading that possesses
many of the Editions, and is taken Notice of by the Editor
at the Bottom of his Page. If the Letters, importing the

Tenour of the Process, were to that Effect, they were certainly

congruing; but of no great Use, when the {overeign Process
imported the same Thing. Now a Process might import a

Command, and Letters conjuring a Compliance with it be sent,

False Point-
14 i and /a-
rio Reading
IeRored,

and be of great. Efficacy, where the Execution of the Command

was to be doubted of, or might admit of a Demur. I
cannot. therefore but think the other Reading the truest; and

the Passage ought to be pointed thus;

Onur Sovereign Process, which imports at full, |
By Letters CONJURING 70 that Effect,

The present Death of Hamlet; nM

Hamlet, who put a Change upon his Uncle's Commission, and
reversed the Substance of it, tis likely, kept to the Model of
it in That which He drew up : And, where he recounts the
Contents of it to Horatio, we find him beginning his Command
by forcible Conjurations implying the Necessity of it.

See pag. 460.

Haml,

110 The | Elie and Correflion

Haml. - - - - - - - - Jt Thou know
The Effect of What I wrote ?
Hor. - - --- - , my good Lord.

Haml. An earnest CoxjurRATION from the King,
As England was his faithful Tributary,
As Peace should — &c.

Perhaps, the Editor might dislike the ond conjuring here, be⸗
cause the Cadence of the Verse requires that the Accent should
lie upon the Antepenultima; and the Sense, that it should lie
upon the Penultima. To explain this Difference; when we in
tend by conjure, to signify a solemn Adjuration only, we lay the
Accent upon the 1ast Syllable; where we mean by it a magical
Invocation or Effect, he Accent falls upon the firsf. But our
Poet uses the Word in both these Senses promiscuously, without
regard to this Difference in the Pronunciation; and, I believe,
generally, if not always, will de found: to lay the nel

upon the Arft Syllable. So, acer 0-70 bn el 501

HAML, hag 457.

„ » Phat bs te, whose Griefs 210
Bear such an Emphasis ? whose Phrase of Sorroms
Conjures the wand'ring Stars, and makes them sand

Like wonder-wounded Hearers ?

**- _&, in MACBETH, pag. 568.

J conjure Lou by That which you profess,
Howe er den come 10 know it, answer Me.

So, in Romeo and FoLren, Pag. 268.

1 8 Thee by Rosaline's bright Eyes,
24 ber high ne Nec. 8

of the Tragedy of HAMLET, 111

And, again, in the next Page;

8 PT my In vocatiou is
Honest and fair, and in his Mistres5? Name
1 conjure only * to raise up Him.

Indeed, but three Lines before the last quoted Instance, he
seems, to lay the Accent upon the last Syllable of this Word
by the Necelfiry of the Numbers; tho” the Sense and Acceptation,
Which it carries, require it to be pronounced with the

Accent « on the first.

iN. it. W b. 1 91h 4 letting it - dh stand,

ki "Till $ ve had laid it, and comjur'd ic doco

Biel perhaps, aber the Copyists, or the Pr ess, by Mistake, 3 Occasional
a mall Variation from the Author here; and this wrong Ca- <0 cue
dence is easily cur'd by only taking out the first it, which is of

no Use there; and extending the Second Verb to three Syllables,
by pronouncing it, without the Apostrophe, at length ; than
which Nothing is more WE throughout our Author's
Works: As,

Till She had laid, and os it dron.

LXXXII. Ad 4. Scene 7. Page 440.

Tt shall as level to your judgment pierce, False Points
As day does to your eye. [4 Noise within. Cörceckion
Enter Ophelia fantastically drest, Kc. - 8

Laert. Let her come in. How now ? what noise is that?
O heat } ary up my brains L, ]rzears [ ] seven Himes salt *
Burn ON the sense and vertue of mine eye.

Had I never foo. any PR om Edition of SHAKESPEARE than
Mr. POP Es, I could not but have suspected Something wrong
here, tho I should not, perhaps, have known. so cally how

33 The Examination and Corredion

to tectify it. Just before the Entrance of Ophelia, a Noise i;
heard behind the Scenes, wiz. of Some, that would have the
Young Lady admitted ; and of Others, that would keep her
out. Laertes's Friends, as we may observe at the Beginning of
the preceding Scene, where he rushes in by force upon the
King, are set to guard the Door; and they might be sollicitous
that Laertes should see his Sister in her Madness, to
heighten his Resentments for the Death of his Father. But it

is certainly very, absurd that Laertes should know who it

is without, upon the Noise made; that Ophelia should come in;
and then that he should desire, that She may come in;
and then after all, that he should enquire into the Meaning
of the Noise. I think, the second Folio Edition sets the
whole Passage right; and it seems to Me that it ought to be
corrected as that Copy, and several Others, which come after,
exhibit it with more Propriety thus;

It shall as level to your ꝓudgment pierce, 5
As Day does to your Bye. | |
© [A Noise within, Let her come in.
Laert. How now ? What Noise is that ? = <=
Enter Ophelia fantastically drest, Gc.
O Heat, dry up my Braims ; Tears, seu'n times alt,
Burn OUT the Sense and Virtue of mine Eye.

Tis natural for Laertes, who was in a riotous Proceeding
agamit the King, to be alarm'd at the Tumult without, least
his Party could not maintain the Door: And as soon as he
Hees the Occasion of the Noise, in the Admission of his distracted
Sister, his deep Concern makes him wish at once that
he were deprivd both of Sense and Sight. But why, bury
ON the Sense? This Reading, in Mr. Po Es Impression, is,
as I apprehend, a literal Mistake of the Press instead of burn
OUT; and it is a Mistake so easy to happen, that I think in
another Place the same Error has passed thro' all the Editions
of SHAKESPEARE; and, as. I suppose, was not so much as

suspected

of the Tragedy of, HAMLET..

suspected by our Editor, because he has given us the Paslage as
he found it.

In theWinrTE#ex's Tar E, Florizel, Prince of Bohemia, in
A ; pastoral Habit, addresses Furane an Outcast Princess of Sicily,
but supposed of mean Extraction; who was taken up an
Infant, in a Desart of Bohemia, by A Shepherd, and educated
as his Daughter. As the Prince is courting, caressing, and
whispering her at a Sheep-sheering Feast, Polixenes his Father,
and an old Courtier attending him, come to the rural Entertainment.
They fix their Eyes on the young amorous Couple,
and observing Something in the Virgin above her outward
Seeming and Rank, fall to making these Observations
on them. 185

80 Polix. This is the pettiest /o<v-born Lass that ever

Ran on the Green-sord ; Nothing She does, or seems,
But smacks of Something greater than her self,
Too noble for this Place.

Camil. 2; He tells her Something,
That makes her Blood loo O N T.

In the | Gr Verse a literal Error is commit ed at Press, tor the
other Editions all read, as it ought to be;

This. 1s the pres Jow-born Ha 3

But what veal; 1s there in Camillo 8 Speech, that the Prince 'ells

Occaff Ei
me * ation.

Winter?s

Tale.: A& 4.

ber Somerhing which makes her Blood look on't? This to me seems

obscure even to the Degree of being unintelligible. The SPxc-

\TATOR, if I remember right, tells us somewhere a Story of a

Climate so cold at one Season, that it congealed Words even

the Pronunciation; and so soon as a Thaw came, they were
stinAly repeated and heard: But, I must own, I never heard

of any. Words so condens'd as to be visible to the Eye, much less
to the Blood. If I underfiand any thing $ of the Poet's Meaning
here, he b wrote 3 BE | +4

tf 217 77775 a d FF
DoD sq⁰ * | | Sis

— a shꝓ— — ay oc Aww... 0 OY

rs T be | Examination: ond Correction

5 2 — 1 . ut Pa Hensche,
2. hat Dake her Blood look OUT.

i. e. that calls the Blood up into her Cheeks, and makes her blush,
PERDITA, but a little before, in the self-same Page, uses a
like Expression to describe the Prince's ne which appear d
in the honest Blood rising on his Face.

Your Praises are too large ; but that your Youth 2
And the true Blood, which peeps forth fazrly through it,
Do plainly give you out an care Shepherd, &c.

LXXXIIL Act 4. Scene ky Page 444-

Various Res 7 lowd your father, and we love YO U R fi 8

2 FO And that I ** ill teach you £0 i _

My Quarto Editions of 16 37 and 1 703, have a e Reading
15 this Passage, which is espoused too by Mr. HUG xs,
and which 1 take to e the genuine Meaning of our
Poet.

Iod your Father, * We love 0 UR fel; 3
Aud That, J hope, will &c. 5

Tl now give the Reasons for my being on this Side of the
Question. | Laertes is complaining, that (because the King durst
not pursue Hamlet to Death for killing Polonius, but had only
sent him out of the way ; ) he has lost a Father, and the Opportunity
of being reveng'd on his Murtherer. The King bids
Laertes not break his Sleep about the Want of his Revenge; for,
says He, I lov'd your Father, and I lobe my self ; and both These are
my Moti ves to That End. But how did the King's Love of himself
contribute to his Desire of Revenge-on Hamlet? for thereori lies
the Stress of the Alteration. Now there are two Speeches
of the King in this very Scene, that perswade me to espouse
this

/ the Tragedy f HAML ET. MES

this Reading, and believe it preferable to That of the Editor:
For the King says expressly, that Hamlet had sought his Life
too; and that He was not so unapprehensive of Danger, as to
be Aegligent 1 in defending himself from it.

Page 443
Sith you have heard, and with a kno wing Ear,
That He „ which hath your noble Father slain,
Piursued my Lite.

And pag. 444.
Ton must not think
That We are made of StufF so flat and dull,
That We can let our Beard be shook with Danger,
And think! it Pastime.

been 1: IXXXIV. Ibid. Page PR
1 at that T1 1 will teach you to imagine 5 "= Opel
Enter Messenger. abba.
E ay 5 1 5
Mel. These to your Majesiy, this to the Queen.
Fron Hamlet? who brought them?

The King, as the Text here stands, had no other way of knowwag
that his Letter was from Hamlet, than by knowing his Chaer
upon the Superscription. And he had very little Reason
kredit the Similitude of the Hand, or to expect a Salutation
from Hamlet; whom, he knew well he had dispatch'd away
for England, with an absolute Order 'for bis Execution as soon
Hg 'He should ser Footing there. The second Folio Edition,
Tithink, sets right this Passage, by a small Addition, which, tho
it hould have no earlier Authority from the Press, we have
no Reason but to think came from the Poet's own Hand. 3

Yet — — — — — — — — — ne — 5" —
Id — — — — — — —— - — 4
Ez — * — —— — — —
— r PL IEEE an — 5 —— = . — — — — —— — :
: — — 1 — — Ce — — : — — — <= — —
* — — — 2 nee = RR — — r —— — N — = oh — — —— — 2 — - "— — — 1 8 =
— - C - ot 8 9 2 5 — —
— De oo ne . as —— EET ere
BO By *

— — - — ; - IX > > f
- — — 4... - . — . 3 SES 734 N 4+ - w” —— 1 + — - BE =
2 ” g > * _ — n * ws. os Sr tron — c — — —— = — 4
R 1 OR DO — ———— a : — ——— —
— ro EG Net, OC, \ n = : OR” * NE S 4 6
r E * a : PE RNC —— e 1 a X . ECB AC. a4 |; . 2

116 Tbe Examination and Correction

And That, ] hope, «will teach you to imagine
Enter Messenger.
How now? what News?
Af. Letters, my Lord, from Hamlet.
These to your Majesty : This to the Queen.
King. From Hamlet? / ho brought them?

Now here the King asks the Question, as he naturally might,

with a Surprize, and a reasonable Distrust, Circumstances considered,

that he could have any Letter from Hamlet : And, perhaps,

the Pointing would be juster, if the nest Interrogation was
turn d into a Note of Admiration.

King, From Hamlet 1 bo brongh them ?

LXXXV. Ibid. Page 448.

False Prius. 55 — 4 will work him

. 5 2 an Exploit now ripe in my devise,
Under the -ohich he spall not chuse but fall :

It ni be restor'd, as all the Editions have it 3

J%%%ͤͤ TT ae [ will work him
To an Exploit now ripe in my Device,
Under &c.

Jo devise, the Verb, is written with an 75 ; but the Substantive
from it always with a c.

LXXXVI

F the Tragedy of HAMLET. 7

LXXXVI.

2 - He made Confession of Ton, Varioas
And gave you such a masterly report
For art and exercise in your defence ;
Aud for your rapier most especial,
That he cry'd out *twould be a FIGHT indeed,
2 TFone could match yon.

All the Editions, that I have seen, except the Duodecimo pub- |
lished by Mr. Tonson in 1714, with a small Variation in the
Pointing, read this Paslage thus ;

VVV He made Confession of Ton, ;
Aud gave Jou such a masterly Report

For Art and Exercise in your Defence,
And for your Rapier most especially, TT |
That he cryd out, *Twould b: a STGH T indeed,
If One could match You.

IXXXVII. Ibid.

The Quarto Edition of, 1637, has an Addition immediately Pee
following the last quoted Passage, which has been inserted in 2 8
the Quarto of 1730, and Mr. HucHs's Impression; and which,

if an Interpolation by the Players, has such a Resemblance of
SHAKESPEARE, and exaggerates the Description of Laertes's
Excellence at the Sword so aptly, that I think it may be given
to our Author without any Injury, e

The "Examination and Correction

That he cryd out, Tœould be a Sight indeed,

IJ One could match Ton. The * SCRIMERS of their Nation,
He swore, had neither Motion, Guard, nor Eye,

If You oppos*d them. Sir, this Report of his, &c.

The two latter Editions „which, as I said, have sorted this Addi.

tion, instead of Serimers substitute Fencers. Perhaps, they might

old Word, and its Derivation.

understand the frs? Term, (but thought it too obsolete to be
retained; ) for the Alteration i is just and pertinent to the Sense.
STAKESPEARE, I am well satisfied, knew the Propriety of the
1 think, his Acquaintance with

the Italian Tongue neither has been, nor can be, disputed; as

he has founded so many of his Plots on ITalian Nor and so
often scatters Remnants of that es lo thro his Plays.

Etymolog. (ia :

False Print-

ILXXXVIII Ibid. Page 447.

Aud then this should 15 lite a Ebert .
That burts by cash mgs {4

1 look upon this to be a {light Prior ofa the ie Press and-Revisal

For how does a Spendihrift s Sigh hurt more than any other Body's?

All the Editions that I have seen, which insert this gs.

concur in reading 1 it, as undoubredly 3 it ought to be;

d then this should is like a end- hit 8 %%
That hurts ty * ng.

Py mY ah „ * 1

Scrimer 15 proper a Gladiator, Fencer, or One that stands on his Guard. SKINNER's

Mord, Skirmish :) gives us a Number of Derivations of it, but All cent ie
in the same Point. Among the rest, he tells Us, that the Ars Gladiatoria, or Science of Defence,
was call'd by the DUTCH, Scherm; by the ITALIANS, Scherma and Serima ; aud by the
FRENCH, Escrime: As the ANSLO-SAXONS of Old used to call a Fencer or Stb rl im an Scrimbre;
which (the b being lest out, and a 1 8 Metathesis made in lhe Letters 18 the last Syllable ; )

is the very M. ord N by our Author.

a f 3 F 2 ; r 22 |
, 4 12 0 1 G 15 — < 1 14 * (A
. * * - 7 & I £ * 5 * 4 5 1 $a ne : ; 14 N p ; 5 4
W 3 Y . I F * * % 1 8 5

+ F * 4 : 1 F 1

of the Tragedy r HAMLET.

LXXXIX. Ibid.

42 He being remiss,
Most generous and free from all contriving,
Mill not peruse the foils , so that with ease,

Or with a little spussting, you may chuse

; 2 A sword UNBATE D, and in a pass of practice

Keguite him for your father.

We meet this Word again, afterwards, in pag. 468.

To)uũyte treachbrous Iustrument is in thy band,
ot brig "UNBATED and envenom'd. 7

The Generality of the Editions consent in reading, as the Derivation
of the Word seems to require, U NBAITED. Bur
still, I must confess, I want to be taught how unbaited comes
to signify baited? An is a negative Particle (equivalent to the
ae of the Greeks ; ) which is prefixed to Thousands of Englisb

Words, and always deprives them of their native Sense, making
them signify the direct contrary. And whenever it is so prefxed

I don't know an Instance either in our Poet, in SyENOER,

or i CHAUU ER, that the compound Word signifies what the simple

Word did before it was annexed, If I am not mistaken in
this Observation, or it has not its particular Exceptions to
which I am a Stranger, perhaps, we may with a very slight

Change set our two Passages right. Why might not the Poet

4 £4 Sword IMBAITED,-----

+22 bus 11 POR 5

And so in the other Passage,

IM BAIT E D and envenon'd, ---=

To imbait, is exactly what the Latines express by their inescare,

or escd illinere; and we have a Multitude of Words, in our own

Idiom,

Conjectural
Emendation.

Occasional
Conjccture.

The Examination and Correction

Idiom, compounded in the self same Manner; as, imbareo, iin.
bark, imbase, imbattle, imbellish, imbezxle, imbibe, imbody, imboldey,
imboss, imbowel, imbroil, imbrue, imbue, imburse, immerge, immit.
immolate, immure, impact, impair, impale : Cum multis alus, 0,
I can remember but a single Passage, in all the Works of
SHAKESPEARE, where a Word, with the Particle un prefixed
to it, should seem to signify the same Thing as the simple Word

would do; and even there I violently suspect the present Reading,

It is in his King Fo rv, pag. 151. where Lady CONSTANCE

advises the Dauphin of France not to sacrifice his Oath and

Conscience to the Temptations of a young fair Bride. Hey
Words are thele ; 2

Lewis, stand fast ; the Devil tempts thee here

In Likeness of a new UNTRIM MED Bride.
I cannot conceive what the Poet is supposed to mean here by

untrimm' d, unless its opposite, as I take it, in Sense, trim; i. e.
neat, spruce, fine. But I cannot admit it, without some Proof

for Conviction, to carry that Signification. Again, there is no

Room surely to imagine that the Poet intends to compare the

Lady BLAXCH, as unmarried, to a Vessel wanting either the

Proportion of her Ballast or Rigging, or not being compleat in her
Trim, as the Sea-phrase is; and therefore calls her unirimmed,

This would be a remote A/lufion with a Vengeance; and, especially,
when it is put in the Mouth of a Woman too.

As I profess my self to have suspected the Passage, so J endeavour'd
as far as an unsupported Conjecture, or two, would
go, to reconcile it to an intelligible Meaning, I say, a Conjecture

or two, for which I have no Warrant or Assistance from

First

Conject arc.

the Copies; and therefore I shall urge them barely as such,
and leave them to be embraced, or renounced, at Pleasure, If
ir did not depart too widely from the present Text, to make

such a Correction reasonable, it is not imposlible but the Poet

might have wrote; To”
Devil tempts thee here TE
In Liteness of a new UNTAMED Pride.

of the Tragedy of HAMLET: 441

1. e. 4 Virgin- Bride; a Bride yet unbedded. J cannot, indeed, recollect
any Instance, in which the Poet has ever taken the Liberty
of using this Epit het in that metaphorical Sense: But it is a
Sense, in which I am sure he may be born out, and justified, by
the Usage of other Languages. An untamed Bride exactly a-
mounts to what the Latines call'd Virgo indomita; which I 55
lieve they borrow 'dfrom the Tag S5 «L497 Of the Greeks; that
is, a Bride untasted, unenjoy d. And it will be no new Dodrine, to
say, that, Temptation and Desire are generally heighten'd in
Men by that Circumstance.

But I observe that trim is used as an Epithet by our Author,
to signify not only neat, spruce, &c. but substantively too, for

— Quaintness and — of Habit.

do in the First Part of HEvRET IV. page 200.

When I was dry with Race, and extream Toil,

Breathless and famt, leaning upon my Sword,

Came there a certain Lord, neat, TRIML Y arefs 'd;
F esp as 4 Bridegroom, Kc.

80 in 1 CYMBELINE. pag. 181.

e apt - and forget |
Tour labour some and dainty T R IM S, with which
You made great Juno ar gr.

And he employs it e to signify personal Beauty, and the
Hue and Brightness of Colours. So in his Poem of V E NUS
and ADONIS, Pag. 41:

The Flow'rs are feet, . Colours freb and TRIM,
But true feweet Beauty liv/d, and 94. in Him.

1 It i is not improbable therefore, that the Passage before us ought Second Conto
be restor'd thus; jecture,

Lewis, stand fast 3 the Devil tempts thee here
In Likeness of 4 new BETRIMMED Bride.

on © adorn'd, and deck'd with Charms. It is familiar with our

5 Third :
Conjecture.

The Examination and Correction

Poet to use the word betrim in these Senses ; and it is certainly
of Saxon Derivation ; among whom getrymmed signified neat,
fine, finished, &c. The Transmutation of g into b was customary
in Words of Saxon Original ; as gewarian, to beware ; geleafan,
to believe, &c. Of which Changes, thro' all the Letters
of the Alphabet, SXTNNER has discours'd at large in bis Prolegomena
Etymologica.

But if betrimmed may seem to any to depart too far from
the Traces of the Text, as it now stands, III propose another
Correction that requires but a very minute Change, and comes
up to the Sense of the former; As,

chu: fiand fast the Devil tempts thee here
In Likeness of 4 new AND TRIMMED Bride.

i. e. of a new Bride, and one, as I said OY deck a wah all the

Charms of personal Beauty.

I have hinted above, that I remember'd but a single Passage 9
in our Author, where a Word, with the Particle un pre fixed to
it, should seem to signify the same Thing as the simple Word
would do: But I find lince, there are some other irres
of this kind; One, at least, in which Shakespeare is countenanc d
by the Usage of nber Wilden Some, in which his present
Reading is certainly to be disputed, and therefore ought to be
corrected. See King HENRT VIII. pag. 487. :

So ous « for WTF 7 22 robsd and bound,
; "1 "WY muy must I be unloogd, & 4

fis evident here, that unloos'd Gol hos 4; and so we . it

used by other Writers. To go no farther FIR Authorities than

the Translation of our New Testament, there is a Passage where,
in three of the Evangelists, the Word unloos'd is made to mean
loosed; --- Whose Shoe-latchet I am not worthy to unloose, Ic. This
Term therefore, without Wy more ado, mult be admitted

1918; {1 equivocal

ab Te . IE
Wy = TE OE a IE CIs
SOA F, - r

of the Tragedy of Hamer. 123

equivocal in its Signification. But let us try our Author upon

another doubtful Passage, and then I have done with this Remark.
I observe he uses the Term, to bonnet, in the Sense

of - to pull off the Cap to.

COKIOL ANUS, pag. 130.

He hath deserv'd worthily of his Country; and his Ascent is not by
such easy Degrees as Those who have been supple and courteous.
to the People, bonnetted without any further Deed to heave .
them at all into their Estimation and Report.

i, e. that have won the Pcople's Hearts, only by Submission,

and pulling off the Hat to them. Now as bonnetted here manifestly

{ignites pulling off the Hat; so, on the other hand, if

you can believe our Author's Text, unbonnetted is in another

place employ d to mean having the Hat on. ;
OTHELLO, pag. 482.

Leb Life and Being |

Hsm Menof royal Siege; and my Demerits

ay speak, unbonnetted, 70 as proud a fortune,
A, This that have reach”d. 8

Will any Body pretend that the Idiom of our Tongue can admit
unbonnet ted here to intend, with the Hat on, as the Sense of the
Place necessarily requires? I cannot help saying with Ho-
RACE, ENS

Gren!
Non A | Emendation.
In short; I dare affirm, the Press, or the Transcribers, have
palm'd a Reading upon the Author contrary to his Intention,
lam of Opinion, that, to bonnet, is equivocal, and signifies,
as the Context may require, either to pull off, or put on, the
Hat; but that, to unbonnet, is always to pull it off. I make

no Scruple, therefore, but that the Author wrote thus;
. — 8 8 3 eeas 4

ba The Examination and Correction
1 2222... { fetch Life aud Being
From Men of royal Siege; and my Demerits
May speak, and bonnetted, 70 as proud a Fortune,
As This that I have reach'd.

i. e. may speak with the Hat on, without shewing any Degrees
of Deference, or Inequality to: Which {mall Alteration restores
us the plain Sense of the Poet.

I. XC. Act 5. Scene . Page 450.

eager For here lies the point; if I drown my self wittingly, it argues an
from Farious

Reading. aft ; and an act hath three branches. It is AN ACT TO DO.
424 TO PERFORM, argal, &c. 8

Very notably made out! If an Act has Three Branches, as the
honest Clown here defines it to have, it would puzzle a good
Arithmetician to find them out from this Reading. *Tis true,
the Folio Editions exhibit it thus; and so, indeed, does the Duod:-
cimo Edition publish'd by Mr. Tonson in 1714. But, surely, to
do, and to perform, can be but two Branches ; and if we admit
This for the true Reading, then we ought to correct the
Passage: - - - Andan Act hath Two Branches; it is an Act to do, and
to perform. But the Quarto Edition of 1637, I believe, will
instruct Us to read the Place exactly as the Poet intended it.

For here lies the Pot , if 1 drown my self wittingly, it argues an
Aci, and an Act hath three Branches, it is, --- to ACT,
70 DO,--- and to PERFORM, -- argal, &c.

XCI. Act 5. Scene 2. Page 4.56.

False Print- . What is that they fillow,
+ And with such maimed RI GHTS?

ES, | g „ 0 . | :
The Church-Ceremonies, that are ordered either in Marriages or
Funerals, are always written Rites, (from Ritus, in the Latine; )
and not Rights. Correct therefore, 0

What

of the Tragedy of HauLET. 125

33 What is That they follow,
And with such maimed RITES?

The same literal Mistake, I find, is made in the TE Es T,
page 55

1F Thou doft break her Virgin Knot, before n
All sauctimonious Ceremonies may ö
With full and holy RIGHT be minister d, &c.

Where, likewise it mult be restor'd, RI TR. And þ Mr. Pope
at other times takes care to spell this Word ; as thrice in this
very Play of Hamlet.
Page 442.

No noble RIT E, nor format Oftentation,

And, | pay: 457.
et here She 10 allowed her 2 irgin R 1 T E 8,

And again, pag. - 471.

2 Aud for bis Passage,
The Soldier*s Musick, and the RITES of IWar, 5
oak londly for him

And so in Ro 1 E o and ULT ET, pag. 274.
Tf that thy Bent F Love be honourable,
Thy Purpose Marriage, send me Word to morrote,
By One that PU procure to come to Thee,
here, and what time, Ibo wilt perform the RI T W--:

And in many other Places.

XCII.

126 The Examination and Correfion

XCII. Ad g. Scene 3. Page 461.

Various Hort. . How was this seaPd?
ES a. Haml. W by e e' in that was Heaven ORDINATE.

So the Folio Editions write this Passage with the Editor; and so
I find, Mr. To ns O N's Duodecimo, so often mention'd, Vkewife
exhibits it. But why a Passive Participle here, when the Sense,
I think, plainly requires an Active? Ordinate, must signify orderd,
directed, agreed to; not ordering, directing, concurring
with, as the Poet's Meaning seems to demand. My Quarto
Editions, which are follow'd by Mr. HU Gas in his Impression,

read, as I e believe the * ought to be restor
d.

Horat -- --- - » How was This ald! 2
Haml. Why ev'n in That was Heaven OR DINANT.

XCIII. Ibid.

Ge Horat. &o Ghildensterne and Rosencraus go tot
Gt I 0 DAY *
They are not near my Conscience : their Defeat
Doth by their con insinuation grow. :

The second Folio Edition begins Hamlet's W with a Verse,
which we have no Reason to believe is not SHAKESPEARE's;
and which, I think, is very essential to explain the two Verses
that follow i it. I don't know whether Mr. Po PE suspected, or
overlook d it; but, I am sure, it any be restor d without any
Detriment. | N

Horat: 69 Guildenstern and Rosencraus go tot.

Haml. Why, Man, chey did make Love to this Employment:

They are not near my Conscience ; their Defeat
Doth by their own Insinuation grow.

XCIV

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 127

XCIV. Act 5. Scene 4. Page 464.

Haml. 17 is but Foolery; but it is such a kind of Game-giving as Various
Reading

would perhaps trouble a Woman. relied and
Hor. IF your mind dislike any thing, obey it. TI will forestal their re- ed,
Pair bither, and say you are not fit. |

l do not know whether the Editor designed this Reading, which,

I find, possesses some of the Editions besides; or whether it be
a literal Error of the Press only. I must own, I am at a Loss
to understand the Meaning of Game-giving. The Quarto Edi-

tion of 1703, and Mr. Hughs agree in reading, But it is such a

kind of boding, c. "Tis certain, they express the Author's

Sense exactly in this Word; but they have put a Change upon
him, for Want of understanding his Original. The second Foio
Edition reads the Paslage, as it ought to be restor'd ;

Tt is but Foolery , but it is such a kind of gain-giving, as
ewould, perhaps, trouble a Woman. |

To Gain-give, is to distrust, or, as we more vulgarly express it, to
misgive. It is of Saxon Derivation, among whom gear figni-

fied against ; and so we at this day ule gain-say, to imply con-
tradidt, lay against. "=

Xv. Ads. Scene 5. Page 466.

j) ON YX Belt be throw, | ow, *
Richer than that which four successive kings Hg... * 1

In Denmark's crown have wore. alerted,

80 again, pag. 468. |
Drink off this potion: is the ONYX here?

N Fs F-
WW, CL g #

128 : The Examination and Correction

1 find, this Reading possesses several of the Editions, and even
That of the accurate Mr. HH. I don't. know upon what
Authority it first obtain d; but it seems evident to Me, whoever
introduced it, did not mind to expound the Author b
himself ; which is the surest Means of coming at the Truth of
his Text. The second Folio Edition has it in both places.

And in the Cup an UNION shall he throw,
Richer than That, &c.

And so in the second Passage;
Drink off this Potion , Is thy UNION Here?

Mr. Pope, indeed, takes Notice of this as a Various Reading,
but in Both places substitutes Onyx. I am clearly for the Union
being restor d; and {hall submit my Reasons for it to Judg.
ment. An Onyx, as we may find from PLINY and the
other Naturalists, was a {mall Stone-Gemm ; and was likewise
a coarser Species of lucid Stone, of which they made both Columns
and Pavements for Ornament. An Union is a fine Sort
of Pearles, 1o call'd, either because they are found single, or
because they resemble an Onion in Shape, Tc. But the Etymology
of the Name is of no Consequence here. Tl transcribe
the King's whole Speech, by which it will appear for whar, and
upon what Terms, he promises to throw a Jewel into the Cup;

and after that Another short Speech, from which I believe it

will be apparent, that Union ought to be restor'd instead of

Onyx. „

Set me the Stoops of Wine upon that Table:
F Hamlet give the first or second Hit,
Or quit in Answer of the third Exchange,
Loet all the Batilements their Ordnance fre ;
The King shall drink to Hamlet's better Breath 3
Aud in the Cup an Onyx shall he throw,

Riche!

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. | I29
Richer than That which four successrve Kings
In Denmark's Crown have worn.

Well ; Hamlet and Laertes immediately fall to play with the
Foils ; Hamlet gives Laertes the first Hit; and the King thereupon,
in Performance of his Promise, says; |

Stay, give me Drink : Hamlet, this PEARL, is thine:
Here's to thy Health, give him the Cup. =

Now if an Union be a Species of Pearl, as it certainly is; and
if an Onyx be a transparent Gemm, quite differing in its Na-
ture from Pearls; the King saying that Hamlet has earn'd the
Pearl, I think, amounts to a Demonstration, that it was an
Union- pearl he meant to throw into the Cup; and that therefore,
as I {aid before, Union ought to be restor'd into the Poet's
Text; and Onyx casheer'd as a {spurious Reading. Besides, if I
am not mistaken, neither the Onyx, nor Sardonyx, are Jewels,
which ever found Place in an Imperial Crown. e

X CWvl. Acts, Scene 6. Page 470.

—— Oh proud death 4. . Various
What feast is tow'rd in thine ETERNAL Cell, e,
That thou so many princes at a shot

So bloodily ha'st sirook 2

I can see no great Propriety here in this Epithet of eternal; nor
does it communicate any Image suitable to the Circumstance of
the Havock, that Fortinbras looks on, and would represent in a
Light of Horror, He, upon the Sight of so many dead Bodies,
exclaims against Death, as an execrable, riotous Destroyer ; and
as preparing to make a savage and hellish Fealt. The Quarto =
Edition of 1637 seems to give us an Epithet more forcible,
and peculiar to this Scene of Action. :

Correction,

from Various

Reading.

The Examination and Correction

—— 2 o e + IB

What Feast is towrd in thine INFERNAL Cell,
That Thou so many Princes at a Shot

So bloodily ha'st strook £

XCVII. Ihid. Page 471.

Fortinb. 2 Let four captains |
Bear Hamlet lite 4 soldier O F F the lage;

As Errors made their Appearance "wy early i in this Play, so they
keep their Ground to the very Clo

of it. Why bear Hamlet
OFF the Stage? I meet with this Reading no where but in
the fourth Folio Edition; and in the Duodecimo publish'd by
Mr. To VSO N, which does not much out-do the Other in

Correctness. Surely, Fortinbras cannot be supposed to consider

either himself, or Hamlet, here, as Actors before an Audience; and
upon the Stage of a Theatre. The Poet mult very strangely

Forget himself, to be guilty of such an Absurdity : But I dare

y, ke may be clear d from a Suspicion of it. In short, the

oe. is This: Hamlet, upon the Point of Death, conjures Horatio,

who was desirous to have poison'd himself, to relinquish

those Thoughts, and to live, and by a true Representation of

Occurrences, rescue his Character and Memory from Scandal.

Page 45 9.

Oh, good Houle, what a wounded Name,

Things standing thus unknown, shall live behind Me *
If Thou didist ever hold me in thy Heart,
Absent thee from Felicity awhile,

And in this harsh World draw thy Breath in Pain,

To tell my Tale.

Horatio,

of the Tragedy of HAMLET. 131

Horatio, in Obedience to this Command, desires Fortinbras will
order, that the dead Bodies may be placed on a publick Stage,
or Scaffold, and he will speak to the Business of their disastrous
Deaths.

————— ———' Give Order that these Bodies
High ON A STAGE be placed to the View,
And let Me speak to th yet unknowing World
How these Things came about,

Nay, and he desires that This may be done with al possible
Dispatch, left, thro' a Delay, any farther accidental Mischief
might intervene. >

But let this same be presently perforw's, .
En while & Mens Minds are wild, least more Mischance ©
On Plots and Errors happen. ©.

Fortinbras likes the Proposal, expresses himself in Haste to
hear what Horatio has to say ; and is for convening the Noblest
Persons of the State to the Audience of it. There is no
doubt, therefore, but we ought to restore this Passage, as all
the better Editions have it;

is in Mr. Pope's Edition, by a Fault of the Presi, men minds.

CORE DIET —— — tt tn AN Sg

The Examination and Correction, &c.
Fortinb. +» .. - Let four Captains
Bear Hamlet like a Soldier TO the $ tage;

that is, to the Stage, or Scaffold, from whence Horatio Jofired
to explain the casual and plotted Calamities, that had befall'n
them in the Persons of their Princes,

l eee r * 9 .

„ I nr a. N

TE = ri erent ©
[ | — — N j\ - . j
(NFHS : ACS
Mb 4 =y : 2 "L428 N L
(HAAR — \ EO oc, | | Us * —

" — 2 9 2 * : R 3 ood 8 4 2 0
29 ä * F . ö * * | |
PSY Pit Z \ 7 mp 2 . \ 4 a 423 8 8 8 * . 8 n 5
8 n 8 e I on EE OT £7 CF e ee
FVV F E TAS TI RELN © LE Sgt RT RE Cad AS 2
7 MATE N q Ak 2

F-IMEVV IMS IRIS ENGS CAL VARIDILVDE WEIROGL NY ——

S SFR Ser v gene i, n

HE Examination of this single Play has drove out into fucha Length,
that I am almost afraid to think of an Aypendiæ to it. But I have
tied my self down by express Engagement, at my setting out; and
I am satisfied, unless an Author acquits himself very badly, the

rors of the same Sorts should be found in the other Plays, throughout
all the Volumes. ?*Tis evident, the Faults of that Play have bran-
31 ched out into many C/asses: And I have an ample Stock of Matter

before Me, to make good my Assertion upon every individual Spectes.
As this is but a Specimen, I shail be excused from pointing out those innumerable iger
Faults of the Press, which every Reader can correR, that does but throw his Eye over the

Passages. As to the Faults of Pointing too, I shall confine my self to remark on Such only,

in which the Sense is palpably injured; in which the Editor has followed the old printed
Copies, and in which he has either not seem'd to suspect a Fault, or not understood how

to rectify it. -

The Design of this Work Nas an honest Endeavour to restore SHAKESPEARE from the
Corruptions, that have taken Pl

into Something of a more substautial Nature, when they are tolerably supported by Rea/9z
or Authorities, There is certainly a Degree of Merit in a good Conjecture; tho? it be
not so thoroughly satisfactory and convincing, as the Party, who advances it, flatters himself
it must be. This calls to my Mind a Sentiment in an old Latin Verse, though I do

not remember at present to what Author we owe it;

Bene qui conjiciet, Yatem hunc perhibebo optimum.

I am far from entertaining so vain an Hope, that every Conjecture, which I have ventur'd
to make, shall be followed with the Concurrence and Applause of the Readers: But I may

dare to assert, Some of them are so well-grounded and certain, that They renew in Me a

Wish, that Mr. Poet had proposed to himself to enter upon this Province, This would
naturally have led him to weigh every Line of his Author with that Care and Judgment,

that, I believe, Then he would have retracted some few of those Conjectures Which he has
made; and in which he seems to have err'd, cither from Want of duly considering the

Poet, or of a competent Knowledge of the Stage. The Cause of SHAKESPEARE is here

engaged, and the Restitution of Him concern'd; and therefore I mult beg Mr. Pope's Pardon
for contradicting Some of his Conjectures, in which he has mistaken the Meaning of
Our

Publick never care to bate him his Promises. I undertook, I think,
boldly to prove, That, whatever Errors occurr'd in HAMLET, Er-

ace in all his Editions: And, to this End, I gave it as my
Opinion, that an Editor of Him, ought to be a Critict upon him too. The Want of Origiuals
reduces us to a Necessity of gaessing, in order to amend him; but these Guesses change

our Author. No other Cause, but This, should provoke me to run so bold a Risque; and
if I have the ill Fortune to deceive my self in the Attempt, I shall willingly submit to own
my self, (as HAMLET says to LAERTES, ) his Foil in my Ignorance. | |

The exceptionable Conjectures of the Editor, I think, may be ranged under these Heads;
as, where he has substituted a fresh Reading, and there was no Occasion to depart from the
Poets Text; where he has main'd the Author by an unadvis'd Degradation; where he has
made a bad Choice in a Various Reading, and degraded the better Word; and where he,
by :istayiing the Gloss of any Word, has given a wrong Turn to the Poet's Sense and

eaning. |

Of the first Species of These I shall produce but a single Instance, because. my Defence
of the Poet will take up some Room: But, I am in hopes, the Novelty of the Subject,
and the Variety ,of the Matter, will make it not appear too tedious. The Passage, upon
Which I make my Observation, is This: |

New Reading I. TROILUS and CRESSIDA, p. 42.

ef or” . Paris and Troilus, you have Both said well:

Vid. infra, * And oz the Cause and Question now in hand
Have gless'd but superficially, not much

Unlike Young Men, whom GRAVER SAGES think

Unfit to hear moral Philosophy.

T Page 22.
JV tells us that the Various Readings are fairly put in the Margin,
them; and those he has preferr'd into the Text are CONSTANTLY ex side Codicum, _

Authority. 1 heartily beg the Pardon of this Gentleman, if, thro' Ignorance, I shall assert

a Falshood here, in being bold to say, that This may be call'd an Exception to his Rule;

that Graver Sages is preferr'd into the Text without 22 Authority, and that all the printed
Copies read the Passage thus; | SEED |

CESSES SSSeds es not much
Unlike Young Men, whom ARISTOTLE thought
Unfit to hear moral Philosophy.

Anachronism Tis certain, indeed, that Aristotle was at least 800 Years subsequent in Time to Hedor ;
consider d. and therefore the Poet makes a remarkable Innovation upon Chronology. But Mr. Port
will have this to be One of those palpable Blunders, which the Illiteracy of the first Publishers
of his Works has father'd upon the Poet's Memory, and is of Opinion that it could not be
of our Author's penning; r not being at all credible, that ghese could be the Errors of an
Man who had the least Tincture of a School, or the least Conversation with such as had.* *Tis
Pres. Page for this Reason, and to shelter our Author from such an Absurdity, that the Editor has ex-
14 bunte the Name of ARISTOTLE, and substituted in its place graver Sages. But, with Sub-
misl

on, even herein he has made at best but half a Cure. If the Poet must be fetter'd down

strictly to the Chronology of Things, it is every whit as absurd for Hector, to talk of Phi-
+ Diogenes La- LOSOPHY, as for him to talk of Aristotle. We have sufficient Proofs j that Pyzhagoras was
ertius, and Ci- the first who invented Sad e 2 _ himself Ph; osopher : And he was
cero, from He- near 600 Years after the Date of Hector, even from his beginning to flourish. *Tis true
— * Ponti- the Thing, which we now understand by Philosophy, _ then 3 but it was only
cus; Iambli- 2% ghen call'd Knowledge and Wisdom. But to dismiss this Point; ] believe this Anachrochus,
in the Life nism of our Poet, (and, perhaps, all the Others that he is guilty of,) was the Effect of Poof
Pythagoras, etick Licence in him, rather than Ignorance. .
OI It has been very familiar with the Poets, of the Sage especially, upon a Supposition that
Anachronisms : : 3 3 | wy $6
familiar with their Audience were not so exactly inform'd in Chronology, to anticipate the Mention of
Shakespeare. Persons and Things, before either the firs# were born, or the latter thought of. SHAKE-
Troilus, Page SPEARE again, in the same Play * compares the Nerves of AJAX with those of bull-bearing
£5; 3 MILO of Crotova, "as was wor — eing 2 1 LS w_ o- ogg] 8 1 — 8
+ Strabo, Au- ple of Pythagorasf. Again, Pandarus, at the Conclution of the Play, + talks of a Winlus
Gellius, Ge. 1 Indeed, it is in an Address to the Audience; and then there may be an Al-
+ Page129. Jowance, and greater Latitude for going out of Character. Again, in & Color Axus,
$ Page 123. Menenius talks of Galen, who was not born till the second Century of the Christian _ t

The EpiTox, I remember, in his Preface, f speaking of the Method taken in his Edition,
o that every one may compare

Wh.
Wo.
We.
Es.

living in the Poet's own

And the very Hero of that Play talks of the Grievance that he must stoop to, in begging

Voices of Lick and Hob*: Names which [dare say the Editor does not imagine, that Si AK E-
SPEARE believ'd were ever heard of by that Roman. From his many Plays founded on our
Englisb Annals, and the many Points of History accurately transmitted down in them, I
suppose it must be confess'd that he was intimately versed in that Part of Reading: Yet, in
his King LEAR, he has ventur'd to make + Edgar talk of the Carfew, a Thing not known
in Britain, till the Norman Invasion : In his King Joux he above fitty times mentions Cazons,
tho Gunpowder was not invented till above a Century and an half after the Death of
that Monarch; and what is yet more singular, (as he could not be a Stranger to the Date
of a remarkable Man, who liv'd so near his own Time;) twice in the Story of Henry VI.
he makes Mention of Machiavel as a subtle Politician: Tho”, *tis very well known, He
was chief Counsellor to the wicked Cesar Borgia, and a Favourite to the Popes Leo
X, and Clement VII. the latter of whom did not come to the Papal Chair till the
15th Year of K. Henry VIII. ” |

All these Transgressions in Time therefore, as I said before, are Liberties taken knowingly
by the Poet; and not Absurdities flowing from his Ignorance. There is one Passage, I
remember, in our Author, in which, if I am not mistaken, he may be presum'd to sheer at
his own Licentiousness in these Points. It is in his LEAR: The King's Fool pronounces a
sort of Dogrel Prophecy; and as soon as he has finish'd it, cries, 4 Zhis Prophecy Merlin

ball make; for I do live before his time.

Nor have these Liberties been taken alone by SHAKESPEARE among our own Poets: In
the Humorous Lieutenant of BEAUMONT and FLETCHER, all the Characters of which Play
are the immediate Successors of Alexander the Great: Demetrius, Prince of Macedon, comes
out of his Chamber with a Pisto! in his Hand, above 1500 Years before Fire-Arms were
ever thought of. So, in the Oedipus of DRYDEN and Lex, there is a Mention of the Machines
in the Theatre at Athens; tho? neither Plays, nor Theatres, were so much as known
tothe World till above 500 Years after that Prince's Days. And yet I dare say, neither
Beaumont and Fletcher ever supposed, or thought to make their Audiences believe, that

Pistols were used in Demerrias's Time; nor were Dryden and Lee so ignorant in Dramatical
1 as to suppose Tragedy of as early a Date as Oedipus. |

But that the Poets of our own Nation may be justified in these Liberties by Examples of

the Antients, I'll throw in a few Instances of the like sort from their Predecessors in the

Art at Greece. The Great SoPHOCLES, in his Electra, supposes that Orestes was thrown
from his Chariot, and kill'd, at the Pythian Games; which Games, as the Scholiast tells
us, were not instituted till 600 Years afterwards by Triptolemus. And frequent Instances
occur in Athenæus, that shew, beyond Exception, how tree the Comick Poets made with
Chronology. ALEx1s, in his Comedy call'd Hesione, introduces Hercules drinking out of
a Thericleau Cup: Now this was a Species of Cups, invented by Thericles a Corinthian Potter,

who was Contemporary with Ari/tophazes, above 800 Years after the Period of Herenules.
ANAXANDRIDES, in his Proresilaus, a Hero that was kill'd by Hector, brings in Hercules

again, and talks of Iphicrates the Athenian General, and Cotys the T bracian King, both
Das And Dienir.us, in his Sappho, makes Archilochus, and Hipponax,

both address that poetical Lady, tho' the firs# was dead a Century before $he was

born; and tho' She was dead and rotten before the latter was born.

If these Instances of Transgression in Time may go any Way towards acquitting our
Poet for the like Inconsistencies, I'll at any Time engage to strengthen them - with ten Times

the Number, fetch'd from the Writings of the best Poets, ancient and modern, foreign and
domestick, | |

II. I come now to consider a Degraded Passage, by which I think we may safely affirm Degraded Pa

Page 139.

T Page 62,

+ Page 52.

the Poet's Sense to be maim'd. It may be very justly said of SHAKESPEARE'S Style, as He /2ge restor d,

himself says of the Web of human Lite, ir is of a mingled Yarn, good and ill together. And

therefore it must be own'd, Mr. Pot has very often with great Judgment thrown out of |

the Text such low Trash, as is unworthy of the Poet's Character, and mult disgust a Reader
who is desirous to be pleased. But if unhappily some of his mean Conceits are so intermingled
either with the Business, or the Sense of the Context, that they cannot be rejected
without leaving an Imperfection, there we mult dispense with them; and content ourlelyes

to be sorry for the Levity of the Author's Pen, or the Vice of the Times that forc'd him to

bring in sach bald H/irticisms. Let us now examine the Editor's Rule in making these Degradations.
Some suspected Passages, says He, + which are excessively bad, (and which seem
Interpolations, by being so inserted that one can intirely omit them without any Chasm or Deficience

in the Context.) are degraded to the Bottom of the Page; with an Alterisk referring

+ Pres. Tag:

6Làt 7 ̃⅛%ͤEBʒ ⁵7˙ʃ Er ng ern te re - *

„%„“⅕œ , EU r ·r b
4 . En > — - "= 3» 4 Fan
OOO RY — . 4

«nes ar 6

Cp EY

Io NY

that She is a Woman of quick Sense; as if she had said

The APPENDIX.

to the Places of their Iusertion. I am afraid, all the degraded Passages are not thrown out
with that due Care, but that there is left an actual Deficience in the Context for want of
their Insertion. As for Example; | . |

In TRo1LUs and CRESSIDA, Page 87. Antenor the Trojan, a Prisoner to the Greeks, be.
ing agreed to be exchang'd for Cressida the Daughter of Calchas, Diomede is sent from the
Greeks to bring her from Troy; and upon her Arrival at the Grecian Camp with him, she
receives a Welcome from the Princes, |

Agam. I this the Lady Cressida?
Diom. —————p Ex'n She.
Agam. Mast dearly wellcome to the Greeks, sweet Lady. *
Diom. Lady, a Word, ll bring you to your Father.
Nest. A Woman of quick Sense,
[ Diomede leads out Cressida, then retarns.]

If I am not deceiy'd, no less than Three Blunders are committed in this Scene on Account
of Cressid. To set them right methodically, we must go back to the Beginning of the Scene,
and exam ine the Parties entring. 3

Page 86. Scene VIII.
The GRECIAN Camp.

Enter Ajax arm'd, Agamemnon, Achilles, Patroclus, Menelaus, Ulysles, Nestor,
CALCHAS, Sc. |

Now here the Editor, for want of due Care, runs into an Error with the printed Copies.

If Diomede leads Cressid off, as the Poet certainly means he should, in order to deliver

her up to her Father, tis plain, as the Sun at Noon-day, that Calchas cannot be supposed

upon the Stage: His Name therefore must be expung'd from among the Names of Those

that are said to enter. | „

In the second Place, is it not very absurd for Diomede to bring her on where so many
Princes are present, and preparing to give her a Welcome, and then to lead her off abrupt-
PE so soon as ever Agamemnon has said a single Line to her? But it is {till more absurd, when
Cressid is made to be led off without uttering one single Syllable, for NESToOR to observe,

read witty Things. The Truth is,
in the old Copies, Agamemnon, Nestor, Achilles, Patroclus, and Menelaus, all kiss Cressid;
and, after the Line at which the Asterisk is plac'd, there follows the Quantity of a Page
of Repartee betwixt Menelaus, Patroclus, Ulysses and Cressid; in which Cressid bears her
full Share. Indeed, the Matter of the Dialogue is but poor, and consists of Conundrums
and low Conceits ; yet it contains so much Raillery on the Part of Cressid, that there is some
Colour for Nestor to say, She is a Woman of quick Sense. This Dialogue therefore, mean as
it is, must be restor'd, or Nestor's Character of her Wit, from her saying Nothing, will be
as extraordinary as the two Kings of Brentford hearing the Whisper, tho' they are not present,
in the REHEARSAL. Mo |

And, in the third Place, Diomede is said to lead out Cressid, and then return. Now, no
Re-entry of him being mark'd in the Books, this Note, according to the Custom of the
Stage, implies, that He only goes with Cressid to the Scene, and comes back immediately;
but it is intended that he should surrender her to her Father's Hand at his Tent; which,
let it have been ever so near to that of Agamemnon, mult take up some little Space of
Time; and therefore, I think, it ought to be said only thus, - Exit Diomede, leading
Cressida: - and that, immediately before this: Versc in Page 89. 5

Agam. Here is Sir Diomede: Go, gentle Knight; &c.

the Re- entry of Diomede ought to be mark'd: For thus above Thirty Verses are allowed
for the Interval of his Absence; and the Beginning of Agamemnon's Speech seems to inttmate,
that Diome de comes back, and joins them, at the very Instant he is uttering BATS

® | . Put

ing; I positively deny that it ever was customary oF that there can be any Occasion for it)

The APPENDIX.
III. But if (as in marking the Entrance of Calchas, when he ought not to be brought on)
Mr. Popk has err'd once by following all the printed Copies, I'll produce another lustance

from the same Play, in which, I think, he is as plainly mistaken by departing from the whole
Set of Editions. |

TROILUS and CRESSIDA, Page 12.

Pand. Good morrow, cousin Cressid: What do you talk of? * How do you, Cousin?
Whew were you at Ilium?

Good morrow Alexander, is added in all the Editions very ab/urdly, Parts not being
on the Stage,

This is the Note Mr. Pop has subjoin'd as his Reason for throwing h%se Words out of
the Text. I confess, I want a better Reason, before I can think of following the Editor's
private Opinion, in this Case, against the Authority of all the Impressions. I am very well
persuaded, notwithstanding Paris is not on the Stage, there is no such Absurdity as Mr. Pope
has suspected, but that the Words, Food morrow, Alexander, ought to be honestly restor'd
to the Poet's Text. In short, before the Entrance of Pazdaras, Cressid and her
Man are upon the Stage together, discoursing about Hedor's Resentment againit Ajax, and
for what Cause. And why might not Alexander be the Name of Cressid's Man? Paris had
no Patent, I suppose, for engrossing the Name to himself. Besides, Pandarus being of a
busy, fiddling, insinuating Character, *tis natural for him, as soon as he has given his Cou—
sin the good Morrow, to pay his Givilities too to her Attendant. And to this P11 add another
n. which falls out very unluckily for the Editor's Remark; that tho? Paris
is, for the Generality, in HoMER call'd ALEXANDER, yet, in this Play of our Author, by
any one of the Characters introduced, he is call'd Nothing but PARIS. I gave the Play a

I _ fresh Reading all through, on Purpose to confirm my self in this Observation: And it convinces

me that, by Alexander, the Poet here intended Cressid's Man. Restore the Passage
therefore, as all the Editions before read 1t; | = |

Pand. Good morrow, Consin Cressid: Vat dy vor tali of ? Good morrow, Alexander;

» How do you, Cousin? When were you at Ilium?

IV. I'll now proceed to consider a Conjecture of the Editor's, which I am very free to
own is ingeniousiy urg'd : But there is Something more than Iagenuity requir'd, to guess for
the Stage rightly. His Conjecture is grounded upon a marginal Interpolation, that had crept
into the Text of some later Editions, in Dame Qz:#ly s admirable Description of the Manner
in which Falstaffe dy'd. |

K. Hengy V. Page 422.

Con jeqture re ·
futed.

Fir after I saw him sumble with the Sheets, aud play with Flowers, and

smile upon his Finger's End, I knew there was but one way; for & his
nose was as sharp as a Pen.

His nose was as sharp as a pen, and a table of green fields.

These Words, and a table of green fields, are not to be found in the old Editions of 1600 and
1608. This nousence got into all the following Editions by a pleasant mistake of the Stage-Edizors,
who printed from the common piece-meal written Parts ia the Play-house. A Table was
here direded to be brought in, (it being a scene in a tavern where they ariuk at parting,) and this
Direction crept into the text from the margin. Greenfield was the name of the Property-man
in that time who furnish'd implements, &c. for the actors. A Table of Greenfield's.

So far, the Note of the EpiToR. Something more than Ingenuity is wanting, as I said
before, to make these Conjectures pass current; and That is, a competent Knowledge of the
Stage and its Customs. As to the History of Ereensield being then Property-Man, whether
It was really so, or it be only a gratis dictum, is a Point which I shall not contend about.

But allowing the marginal Direction, and supposing that a Table of Greenfield's was wanteither

| 133 b De APP E N DIX. *
i! either in the Promptor Book, ot piece-meal Parts, where any such Directions are marginai! 3
1 — 0 | | 41 7 MY
i inserted for the Properties, or Implements wanted, to add the Property-Mazx's Name whose .
[ Business it was to provide them. The Stage-Necessaries are always furnish'd between the I
„ Property. Man and the Scene- Keeper; and as the Dire ction is for the Prompror's Use, and it- 5
sued from him, there can be no Occasion, as I said, for inserting the Names either of the .
[| one, or the other. 1 3 8 N 5 2
But there is a stronger Objection yet against this Conjecture of the Editor's, in the Man- $
it ner he supposes it: Which he must have foreseen, had he had that Acquaintance with Stage- E
[| Books, which it has been my Fortune to have. Surely, Mr. Pop cannot imagine, that 3
5 when Implements are wanted in any Scene, the Direction for them is mark'd in the Mid- 3
[i | dle of that Scene, tho' the Things are to be got ready against the Beginning of it. No; .
the Directions for Entrances, and Properties wanting, are always mark'd in the Book at about HY
a Page in Quantity before the Actors quoted are to enter, or the Properties be carried on. And 5
therefore GREENFIELD'S Table can be of no Use to us for this Scene. nd .
# 1 agree, indeed, with Mr. Pope, that these Words might be a Szage-Drre&10y, and so crept into 3
Þ ; | the Text from the Margin: But, I infilt, that they must be a Direction then for the subsequent b-
1 | Scene, and not for the Scene in Action. I don't care therefore if I venture my ConjeQure 3
1 too upon the Passage: I! be sure at least, if it be not altogether right, it shall notbe liable Y
N to the Absurdity of the Objection lalt struck at. I suppose, with the Editor, that over- against .
the Words of the Text, there might be this Marginal Quotation so close to thein, that the Y
} Ignorance of the Stage-Editors might easily give them Admittance into the Text. .
[| bi Nose was as arp as a Chairs, and a Table off, Green .
1 | Pow | : „ Fields. N
1 The Scene in Action is part of Dame Quickly, the Hostess, her House ; and Chairs and x
i Table were here necessary : The following Scene carries us into the Frexch Dominions. .
therefore believe This was intended as a Direction to the Scexe- Keepers, to be ready to re- E:
move the Chairs and Table so soon as the Adfors went off; and to shitt the Scene, from the
Tavern, to a Prospect of green Fields, representing Part of the French Territories. =
5 But what if it should be thought proper to retract both Mr. Popz's and my own Conjec- 2
1 5 ture, and to allow that these Words, corrupt as they now are, might have belong'd to the 3
bi Poet's Text? I have an Edition of Shakespeare by Me with some Marginal Conje&ures of |
a Gentleman sometime deceas'd, and he is ot the Mind to correct this Passage thus; #
. + for his Nose was as sharp as a Pen, and à talked of green Fields. Y
It: is certainly observable of People near Death, when they are delirious by a Fever, that they WE
F | | talk of moving; as it is of Those in a Calenture, that they have their Heads run on green 5
Fields. The Variation from Table to talied is not of a very great Latitude; tho' we may
sill come nearer to the Traces of the Letters, by restoring it thus; e 5 Y

ur his Nose was as sharp as a Pen, and a babled of green Fields. £

b To bable, or bakble, is to mutter, or speak indiscriminately, like Children that cannot yet 3

talk, or dying Persons when they are losing the Use of Speech. | 3

| 2 V. The next ConjeQute, which 1 shall produce of the Editor's, is likewise upon a cor- | ;

Plied. rupted Passage of the Author; but I am afraid his Attempt to cure it is questionable for more

than one Reason. 9 Pg 1 8 0 ; 3

First Part of Hengy IV. Page 211. F

I am join'd with no foot-land rakers, ub long-staff-sixpenny strikers, none of those } |

mad-mustachio-purple-baed-malt worms; but with Nobility and Trauguillity; 3

Burgomasters and great ONE-Ex ERS, c. .

: ®:-Perhaps, Oneraires, Trustees or Commissioners. | :

| „ 55 | | I muit

FC 37 A I

PFF ²˙·—.m e .ññ , nr - . . > . _ ——— wood — —— 2 —

OY wy
Me.
bros
— tha. 4
xs of

The APPENDIX,
I must own, I am at a Loss about this Conjecture of Mr. Pope's. Gadspil, the Highwayman,

is here boasting to the Chamberlain of the Inn, that he is in no Fear of hanging; because he

is not link'd with a Gang of common little Rogues, but countenanced and born out in his
Occupation by the Society of Persons of great Rank; alluding, to Prince Henry's sometimes
joining with them in their Robberies. But the Prince was no Trustee or Commissioner ;
nor had they any such link'd with them in their Gang, as I can find any where hinted by the
Poet. Nor can I, indeed, conceive how Ozeraire comes to signify (or, by Whom besides
the Editor it is so interpreted) Trastees or Commissioners. The Word is apparently of French
Termination; and mult have its Derivation from Ouus of the Latines: And accordingly the
French say Ness oneraires, to signify Ships of Burthen, for Carriage, &c. and it is always an Adjective,
and is only used, as I know, in those Senses. There is another French Word, which
I think would have much more nearly serv'd Mr. PopE's Purpose, tho? not have amounted
directly to his Gloss; and that is, Honoraires, i. e. honourable Persons, Persons worthy of
honour; and so Chevalers honorarres, we find, were Such as were Knights by the Priviledge
of their Birth, and not in the Right of any Order. But I am of Opinion that not even
this Word restores us the Poet's Text. For supposing SHAKESPEARE himself acquainted
with the Meaning of the Term, Honoraire; we have no Reason to think he would have put

it in the Mouth of so mean a fellow as Gadspil: No other Part of his Diale& favours of so

much Politeness, or Knowledge in Language. If I may interpose my Conjecture, I believe

the Poet's Word here was One much more vulgarly known, and adopted familiarly into
our Tongue; and besides, not 8 differing in the literal Part, and much less in the

Sound, from the present corrupted Reading. I can't help suspecting that he wrote,

--<-*---- but with Nobility and Tranquilliey; Burgomasters, aud
great SEIGNIORS, &c.

As have exprest my self desirous, as often as may be, to expound the Author by himself,
I espouse this my Conjecture with the more Willingness, because I find him coupling the
same Terms in another of his Plays. See, 7 5 .

Merchant of VENICE. Page 5.

Your Mind is tossing on the Ocean,
There, where your Argosies with portly Sail.
Like SEIGNIORS and rich BURGHERS oz the Flood, &c.

VI. T' next proceed to examine a few Passages, in which, as I conceive, Mr. PopE has Variou: Read.
ing disputed and
supplied. |

adopted a Various Reading for the worse, and rejected the better Term. So, in
CyMBELIXE, Page 197.

e Ido note, |

That Grief and Patience, rooted in him Both,

Mingle their * POW'RS together. 5
Spurs. |

I mast own, I cannot tell for what Reason, unless he did not remember the Signification

of the Term, Mr. Pop has degraded Spurs here, and substituted Powers in its Place, I
am sure, there is much greater Consonancy of the Metaphors, in rooted and Spurs; than in

rooted and Powers, For Spurs do not only signify those sharp Irons which we wear at our

Heels to make a Horse mend his Pace; and those horny Substances upon a Cock's Legs,
with which he wounds his ang onist in fighting; but likewise the Fibres, or Strings, which
shoot out from the Roots of Plants and Trees, and give them a Fixure and Firmness in
the Earth. Neither Skinner, Cotgrave, nor Bail, remember to mention the Word in this
Sense; but SHAKESPEARE knew the Propriety of the Term, and, as Mr. PopE might have
observed, has used it in this Signification in his very first Play.

U - HHS — The

The Like,

We Like,

So, afterwards, in the very Play before us, Page 61.

So, in the Merry Wives of WixDsoR, Page 300.

The APPENDIX;

The TxMPEST, Page 66.

——— The strong- bas d Promontory
Have I made shake; and by the SPURS pluck'd up
The Pine and Cedar.

I think This therefore a sufficient Authority to restore this Term in the Passage now before
us, as the most proper, and expressive of the Poet's Meaning. |

VII. K. Lear. Page 47.

———— -- Strike her young Bones,
+ INFECTING Airs, with Lamenes;

+ You taking Airs.
Here again, I think, the Editor has espoused the worse Reading, and degraded a Term, that

has the Authority of most of the Copies, as well as is peculiar to the Author's Sense, and frequently
used by him to signify, blastimg, bewitching, &c. | | |

Edg. Bless thee from I hirhwinds, Star-blasting, and TAK ING!

Aud there he blasts the Tree, and TAKES the C attle.
And so in HAMLET, Page 351. 3
The Nights are wholesome, then no Planets strike, | #

No Fairy TAKES, * | |

And in several other Places: From which it is plain, that zo Zake, of old, not only signified to
receive; but was equivalent to the attaquer of the French, and invadere of the Latins; to
lay hold on, attack, invade. EE

VIII, Kk. Lzas, Page 55. „ |

I tax not Du, you Elements, with Unkindness ;
{ never gave you Kingdom, call'd you Children,
You owe meno + SUBMISSION.

+ Subscription.

Here again the Editor has degraded a Term, which takes Possession of the greatest Part of

the printed Copies; and one which the Poet chuses to use in other Places, at least the Verb
of it, rather than the more common Word submit. 1 e

So afterwards in this very PLay, Page 71.

Tf Wolves had at thy Gate hol d that fern time,
Thou should'st have said, Good Porter, turn the Key; —
All Craels else SUBSCRIBE.

So in TiTUs AxDRONICUS, Page 485.

Advise thee, Aaron, what is to be done,
And we will All SUBSCRIBE to thy Advice.

The APPENDIX.

And so, in Tous and CarssDa, Page 90.

For Hector in his Blaze of. Wrath SU BSCRIBES

3 To tender Oljects; but | He in Heat of Action | Troilus

3 1s more vindicative than jealous Love,

I IX. Lear, Page 26. The Lite
4 2 Blasts and Fogs upon Thee!

3 Th! * UNTENDER Woundings of a Father”; Curse

Pierce ev'ry Sense about thee !

F: * Untented.

3 I cannot help think ing here again, but that the degraded Word, which is likewise in most of
1 the Copies, 1s the most expressive, and conveys an Image exactly suiting with the Poet's
Thought. Tis true, antender signifies sharp, severe, harsh, and all the Opposites to the Idea
3 of tender. But las a Wound untented is apt to rankle inwards, smart, and fester,1 believe, Shake-
eare means to intimate here, that a Father's Curse shall be a Wounding of such a
1 arp, inveterate Nature, that Nothing shall be able to text it, i. e. to search the Bottom
© oraslist in the Cure of it. 1 | bs
X. K. Lak, Page 109.

Kent. No, my good Lord, I am the very man --- TIN |

Lear. [ll see that flrait. SEES
Kent. That from your Life of Difference, and Decay,
Have follow'd your sad Steps.

Lear. =-==---=- You're welcome hither. |
Kent. IWA no man else; als cheerless, dark, and deadly;

I am mightily deceiv'd if Mr. Pore here again, by espousing this Reading, enters into the
Poet's Thought, which seems to me to be I his. Kew having convinced the old King firit
that he was Kent, and then that he had attended him in Disguise under his Misfortunes, as his
Servant Caius; Lear, pleas'd with the Information, says, You're welcome hither; but Kent,
reflecting on the dismal Accidents that surrounded them, says; |

OM as Minas 5s

i. e. Neither I, nor any Man, can be said to be welcome hither, where the Scene is all Calamity.
And I want no better Proof to persuade Me this is the Genuine Meaning, than the
Reasons which Kent immediately subjoins for his saying so: There can be no tuch Thing as
Welcome here; for

- 222 alls cheerlesi, dark, and deadly ;
Your eldest Daughters have fore-done themselves,
And desp'rately are dead.

XI. MiDSUMMER-NiIGHT's DREAM. Page 145.
Thes. Now is the + MOON xsed between the two Neighbours. |
Dem. No Remedy, my Lord, when Walls are so wilful to hear without Warning,

+ Now is the + Moral down between the two Neighbours. Old Edit,

A Burlesque Representation is made, in this odd Play, of the Loves of Pyramus and 27 abe;
andone Flute a Bellows-mender, properly equipp'd, plays the Part of the Wall, thro' a Cran-
E ny of which the two Lovers were used to whisper their Passion. This Part of the Interlude
being over, the Wall, for which there was no further Occasion, goes decently off; upon

which, the Passage now under Consideration immediately follows. But how can 1

Various Reading
restor d.

The APPENDIX.

be supposed to s eak of the Moon, which has never yet entred? Or, what Relation has
Reply, concerning Wall s being wilful, to Thesens's Speech about the Moon? Sure, |

this would be playing at Cross-purposes. But I am very apt to think the Poet wrote the Par.
sage thus; |

Thes. Now is the MURE ALL down between the two Neighbours,

And then Demetrius's Reply is apposite enough. What confirms me that it should be restor'd
thus, is another Paslage afterwards in Page 149.

Thes. Moonshine and Lion are left to bury the dead.
Dem. Ay, and Wall too.

Bot. No, I assure you, the WALL i, down, that parted their fathers,

The Mure (or, Wall) perhaps is a Substantive of the Poet's own coining from murus of

the Latines. But whether he first employ'd this Word in Exglisp, or no, tis certain he has
used ir in another of his Plays; and, possibly oftner than once. 8 .

Second Part of K. HExRT IV. Page 366. e
T incessant Care and Labour of his Mind |
Hath wrought the MURE that should confine it in,
So thin, that Life looks through, and will break out.

And so, in the Prologue to TRoILUS and CRESSIDA, he stiles the Walls of Troy, the Im-

AUTCS,

r and their Vow is made

20 ransack Troy, within whose strong IMM URES
The ravisht Helen, Menelaus*' Queen, £ |
With wanton Paris sleeps: and That's the Quarrel.

XII. OTHELLo, Page 490.

Of being taken by the insolent Foe,
And sold to Slav'ry; of my Redemption thence,
Aud WITH IT ALL my Travels History : *

This Line is restored from the old Edition: It is in the rest, -=-- ==» And POR.
TANCE in my Travel's History ; &&c. |

If Portance be in it self a proper and significant Term, and a Term of our Author's too,
as it possesses all the other Editions but the first, we have great Reason to believe it was an

Alteration of the Poet's own, and which he thought better than the first Reading. SHAKE
SPEARE was a fond Imitator of SPENSER's Diction, who uses this Word in the very Sense
requir'd for it in the Passage before Us. See his Fairy Queen, Bo. 2, Can. 3. Stanz. 21.

— Eftsoon there stepped forth
A goodly Lady, clad in Hunter's Weed,
That seem'd to be a Woman of great Worth,

And, by her stately P OR TANCE, born of heav'nly Birth.

Mr. Hucns, in his Glossary upon this Author, very rightly tells us that Portauce fignifics
Behaviour; from the French, se porter, to behave one's self. What does Shakespeare make his
Othello say more than this, that he told his Mistress of his being taken a Prisoner, his Redemption,
and his Behaviour in the whole History of his Travels? In the like Signification
we find him using this Word in Another of his Plays.

3 EE Congo

u . cnn er Sr EA ers

Th APPENDIY, Ab: ü

TO Ol |
CortoLANUS, Page 142. | 18
With what Contempt he wore the humble Weed,
How in his Suit he scorn'd You! But your Loves, | |

Thinking upon his Services, took from You | | |

The Apprehension of his present PORT ANCE, &9c.
think therefore Portance ought to be restor'd, as a Reading of the Poet's own Choice.

XIII. I cannot say that in the Passage, which now comes under Consideration, the Editor Me Tile. 4
has designedly chose the worse Term; tor though there be a Various Reading, as he has ta- | f
ken no Notice of it, we cannot say;certainly whether he overlook'd or despised it: But |

whichever was the Case, I think, we may affirm, without Scruple, that it ought to be restor'd
to our Author's Text. | | 8

TROILUS and CRESSIDA, Page 9.

When Ido tell thee, there my hopes lye drown'd,
Reply not in how many fathoms deep
They lye INTRENCH'D.

Besides that, to trench by Fathoms, is a Phrase which we have very great Reason to suspect;
what Agreement in Sense is there betwixt drow#'d, and intrench'd? The firit carries the Idea --
of Destruction, and the latter of Security: And this Discordance, if I at all understand the | —
Author, absolutely destroys his Meaning. All the Editions, that I have seen, read the Passage,
as there is no Question but it ought to be restor'd; © |

When I do tell thee, there my Hopes lye drown'd ;
I Reply not, in how many Fathoms deep
3 | They lye IN DRENCH'D.

Indrenchd corresponds exactly with drown'd, and signifies immers'd in the Deep, or, as the
Poet in another Place calls it, exsteep'd. „ 7 rn Ta

OrEELLO, Page 504. 5
| 5 he gutter d Rocks, and congregated Sands,
(Traitors ensteep'd to clog the guiltless Keel;)

N 2 * = 44 (TREES

2 . WWW .

R 9 N e

4 e e rn 3 AER
ee n ; 8 N A ht Kee th ro ee *

The Editor, here, I don't know for what Reason, subjoins a Doubt whether it ought not to
be Traitors enur'd to clog, &c. I cannot see that there is any Need to disturb the Poet's
Text; his own Word is very expreflive, and his Meaning as obvious, to wit, That Rocks,
and Shoals, lurk under, and lye cover'd by the Deep, treacherously to destroy Vessels which
happen to be thrown upon them. |

XIV. I shall now address my self to consider a few of the Editor's Glofses, in which he Mistaken Gloss ;
© has either mistaken the Meaning of the Words he would explain, or, where they are equ:vo- and Emendati

4 cal, has taken the wrong Interpretation to the Prejudice of the Author's Sense. on. |
Mercnant of VENICE, Page 8. | LY „ |
] © 0 my Anthonio, I ds know of Those, . 5 —
That therefore only are reputed wise, : 1
J For saying Nothing; who, I'm very sure, TOS. | |
If They should speak, would almost | DA M M those Ears, 1
1 Which, hearing them, wonld call their Brothers Fools. | Þ
I cannot pretend to account where Mr. Pop has met with the Word damm to signify, | 1
daunt. I cannot find it ever so interpteted ; But granting it should be cyer uled in ko. | | 4

WE et ©

wt rr ci gt HE
— F 1 * 2 — - — — — + — 8 "PR —
* « = x OY I'S; — - — 8 — 5

CT HO —

—— T Kͤ%ͤ%, ——ͤ hsßs — *

The APPEND IX.
ceptation, I dare affirm that neither the Word itself, nor its Gloss, ought to have a Place
here. Why should one Man's speaking foolishly be presum'd to daunt another's Ears? The
Discourse of a Fool naturally makes us laugh at, or despise him, but does nor, as I conceive,
put a Damp upon our Spirits. I cannot but wonder the Editor did not trace the Author's
Thought in this Place, as it is evident he did not, both by the Text, and Gloss upon it; but
it leaves me the Pleasure of explaining, beyoud Exception, a Passage, which this ingenious

Gentleman did not so much as guess at. Upon the first Reading, I immediately suspected

it should be restor'd, as I since find the fourth folio Edition, and some other more modern
Ones, happen to exhibit it; 8

ho, I'm very sure |
If They should speak, would almost D AMN those Ears,
Which, hearing them, would call their Brothers Fools.

The Author's Meaning is directly this; That some People are thought wise, whilst they keep
Silence; who, when they open their Mouths, are such stupid Praters, that their Hearers cannot
help calling them Fool, and so incur the Judgment denounced upon them in the Gespe!.
It is very familiar with Shakespeare to allude to Passages of Scripture ; and it is plain to me,
even to Demonstration, that he had here before his Eye this Text of St. Marrukw,
Ch, 5. v. 22. And whosoever shall say to his Brother, Raca, shall be in danger of the Council: But
whosoever shall say, thou Fool, shall be in danger of Hell-fire. OE |
{Because I would not assert any Thing, but what I would be willing to second with a Proof,
I'll subjoin a few Instances, out of a great Number that may be collected, in which our
Poet has an Eye to Scripture-History; and Others, in which he both alludes to, and quotes the
very Texts from Holy-Writ. = „ 1
In AlPs well that ends well, Page 445. he talks of Nebuchadnex xar's eating Grass; in Lowe's
Labour loft, Page 104. of Sampson's carrying the City Gates on his Back; in the Merry Iilives
of Windsor, Page 308. of Goliah, and the Weaver's Beam; in K. Richard II. Page 162. of
Pilate's Washing his Hands; in the First Part of K. Henry IV. Page, 261, 262. Falstasfe's
Soldiers are compar'd to Lazaras, and to the Prodigal Son; and in the third Part of Henry VI.
Page 7. and in Hamlet, Page 391. there is an Allusion to Fephthah's Daughter. 1
I'll now quote a few Passages, in which Texts are either, as I said, evidegtly alluded to,
or literally quoted, 8 e 5

(̃..) Arr's WEL THAT ENDS WELL, Page 445- 5
F. Mat, vii. 13, I am for the Honse with the narrow Gate, which I take to be too little for Pomp to enter:

I +. Some, that humble themselves, may; but the Many will be too chill and tender, and they'll
be for the jluwry way that leads to the broad Gate, and the great Fire.

(2.) Much Apo Anour Nornixe, Page 548. 8

All, all; and moreover, God saw him when he was hid in the Garden -
Genes. iii. 8. id | | |

3.) Love's LABOUR LOST, Page 136.
You found his Mote, the King your Mote aid see ;
But I a Beam do find in Each of Three.

S. Matt. vii. 3:

(4.) K. RicnarD II. Page 180.
5 It is as bard to come, as for a Camel
2 8 To thread the Postern of a Needle's Eye.
(5 First Part of K. HENRY IV. Page 195.
Thou didst well, for Wisdom cries out in the Street, and no Man regards it.

(6.) K. HENRY. V. Page 448. | |
Prov.vzvi. 11, Le chien est retournè a son propre yomissement, and la truie lavée au bourbier.
and 2 Pet. ü. | | "Ho 1 4 (7) Hau-

Prov. i. 20,

N . . * 5 8 A * e A „ * A as os et a «Fx n : * 7 ö
* 8 - ** * ö a CAP Be 0 N N * p ONE ee) * * W N — A R OL UC, ST A WO EO 8 4424 oh $4 «
R b àà—̃ d ]ð?ĩ³l ↄ f ] ⅛ s̃7˙1 w... ¾ ͤ K ̃⅛²L1Näi . C ·—ꝛ ͤ 2 Wt Ss ... ³5Ü¹¹1 . ²⅛ 1'nA· T T!
n * R 8 657" I WY EY ˙́s A y d ee CLE SLE IL Gee en Ae As E 3d a Pen ͤ . ²˙—˙:7᷑ł TT Eee ]³•e ] -! CESS S * A 4 *
OT MYR EO ETFS Rp 02. wt: "1 2 1 N 2 n ELON & . * e N N RT n Ke FEE] 233 Re r 5 E 8 R 2 5 PIES * 3

The APP END IX.
% HAurkEr, Page 464.
There's special Providence ia the Fall of a Sparrow,

XV. First Part of K. HENRY IV. Page 270.

Worc. Hor I ds protest,

have not sought the Day of this Distile.
King. You have not sought it, Sir? how comes it then?
Fals. Rebellion lay in his Way, aud he found is.
Prince. Peace, * CHEVET, peace.

Chevet, a bolster.

I entirely accord with Mr. Pore, that Chevet is the French Word for a Bolster; but I eine

so easily agree that Che vet is SHAKESPEARE's Word here. Why should Prince Harry call
Falstaffe Bolster, for interposing in the Discourse betwixt the King and Worcester? With
Submission, He does not take him up here for his unreasonable Size, but for his l-tin'd, unseasonable

on pion 1 much rather think it ought to be restored, as the Generality of the

Editions have it, and as the Gentlemen of the Stage, I know, constantly repeat it;

Prince. H. Peace, CHEWET, Peace. ---

A Chewet, or Chuet, is a noisy chattering Bird; That sort of Pie which by the French is

call'd Goxwelet. | his carries a proper Reproach to Fal/taffe for his meddling and impertinent
Jest; and besides, if the Poet had intended that the Prince should fleer at Falstaste on Account

of his Corpulency, I doubt not but he would have call'd him Bolster in plain Eng lish,
and not have wrapp'd up the Abuse in the French Word Chevet, | |

XVI. K. HENRY VIII. Page 478.
and which gifts
(Saving your minciug, ) the Capacity
Of your soft * CHIVEREL Conscience would receive,
If you might please to stretch it.
N * i. e. Tender, from Cheverillus, a young Cock, a Chick.

It ought to be restored Cheveril Conscience. This Word recurrs in another Place of
our Author concerning a wanton, playing Wit.

Roto and JULIET, Page 281.

0), hers aWitof CHEVERIL, that stretches from an Inch narrow to an
Ell broad. | |

or young Cock. I don't know from what Authority he says This; for neither Caleprae, Stedent,

Vossius, Martinius, Decimator, Buchner, (the old Glossaries, nor the modern Dictionaries

that I have look'd into, ) take any Notice of such a Word. And to this Pll produce

S. Matt. x. 29.

The Like,

The Like.

But in neither of these Passages is Chever:l deriv'd as the Editor supposes. Tis true, in
Lo Dictionary, we are told that Cheverillius was an old Latine Word for a Cockling,

a third Passage from our Author, which I presume will make it evident beyond a Doubt, that

Cheveril must have a different Derivation. |

TWELFTH-NIGHT. Page 505.

A Sentence is but a CHEVERIL Glove to a good Wit; how quickly the wrong a

Side may be turn d outward.

I never yet heard of any Leather made of a Cockre/'s Skin, and believe it will hardly come
into Experiment in Mr. Pore's, or my Time. 1 short, Sinner, Cotgrave, and Baily we.
might

Wn ů ů A OI pris 14M

The Like.

The APPENDIX,
might have inform'd the Editor, as the Truth is, that Cheveril Leather is made of the Skin
of a Kid, or Goat; which was call'd by the Lats Caprillus, Caprellus, and Capreolus;
by the ITALIANS, Ciaberello; and by the FRENCH, Cheverenl; from which last,” our Word

Cheveril is immediately deduced; so that Cheveri is tender, or stretching, from Cheverex],
a Kid, or wild Goat. | |

XVII. This Appendix insensibly stretches out to such a Compass, that I must be obliged
to pass over from mistaken Glosses, to Faults of other Kinds. I shall produce one more, however,
which is made upon a Word of a double Signification, and where the Editor has happen'd
to take it in a Sense, which I believe is very contrary to the Poet's Intention.

Second Part of K. HENR. IV. Page 326.
Fals. Pistol, I would be quiet.
Pist. Sweet Knight, I kiss thy F NEIF.

+ neif, from nativa, i. e. a Woman Slave that is born in one's house.

LI admit, with Mr. Pore, that This is one of the Constructions of the Word neif; and, ad-

See Ray
F North and
South Country
Words,

mitting it to be the proper One here, Mr. PopE must understand that Pistol would kiss Falstaffe's
domestick Mistress, Dol Tearsheet. But I appeal to every One that shall but read
the Scene over, whether This could possibly be the Poet's Meaning. There is a perfect Fray
betwixt Dol and Pistol; She calls him an hundred the worst Names She can think of; He
threatens to murther her Ruff, and says, He could tear her: Bardolfe would have him begone ;

but He says, hell see her damn'd first: and Dol, on the other Hand, wants him to be thrust

down Stairs, and says, She cannot endure such a Fustian Rascal. I should very little expect
that these Parties, in such a Ferment, should come to kissing: And Iam persuaded SHAKt-

SpEARE thought of no Reconciliation: For the Brawl is kept on, till it rises to drawing

Swords; and Pistol, among 'em, is hustled down Stairs.

I cannot think any more is intended by the Poet than This; that Falstaffe, weary of P:/-
20's wrangling, tells him He would be quiet; and that Pistol, who had no Quarrel with
Sir John, but a Sort of Dependance on him, speaks the Knight fair and tells him, that he
kisses his Fist; for so, it seems, the Word Neif likewise signifies. I wonder Mr. PopE did
not remember This, when the same Word (with a small Variation in the Orthography) had

past him in the second Play of our Author, the Midsummer Night's Dream, Page 129.

Bott. Give me thy NEAFE, Monsieur Mustard- Seed;

And the Editor there tells us, that Neafe, was a Yorkshire Word for Fit, ©
The Identity of Sound may easily deceive us in the Sense of two Englisß Words so almost
the Same; as well as the different Termination of any two similar Words, in any other

Language, may, without a particular Care, and Application to the Context. For Want of

this Caution and Guard, I believe, I can name a signal Instance, in which Mr. Popes has sutfer'd

himself to be deceiv'd in his Translation of Homer. |

In the E:ghtb Book of the III Ab, just as Texcer has drawn his Arrow to the Head, and

is going to let it fly, Hector discharges a large Stone at him, which both prevents its Flight,

and ditables the Archer:

===+=-=-<= Tov 3 d opa - *Exlup
Au s püoila, Tap wav, 6s Ag drohe
Aux vc Ti, ciibog rc, pdnga.dz dp qt
Ty þ rt of peuagle BA Al bxpicevli,
PH ZE AE" OI NETYPH'N* vdpryes 33 Kelp £71 Apr.

Which Passage Mr. Pope has thus translated ;

There, where the Juncture knits the Chanel. bone,
The furious Chief discharg'd the craggy Stone:

The TENDON burst beneath the pond'rous Blow,
Aud bis numb d Hand dismiss'd his useless Bow.

The A PP E N DI X.

Bathias, Spondanut, Barnes, and all the learned World, concurred ii
Kaon 8 the Passage, viz. that Hector with the Stone broke Deas 30
numb' d his Hand violently into the Bargain. And, indeed, when I first re
Translation, I imagin'd that by a Poetical Licence he had cal!
as in another Place he takes the Liberty to call it the Nerve:
that Hector struck Teucer just about the Articulation of the Arm with the Shoulder, which
cut the Tendon, or wounded it so, that it lost its Force, soon convinced me that the Translator
had mistaken * rag a of 5 e

It happens very unluckily, for the Discovery of this Mistake, that the same Acci
happens to Teucer in the fifteenth Book of the ILIAD: His Bowstring, indeed 2 984 ke
by the Stroke of a Stone; but as he is directing his Shaft against H ite

ector in
visible Means, causes it to burst, and the Bow to fly out of his Hand. . » Jupiter, by an in

ifferent Conowltring,
and
\ read Mr. Popz's
de the Boustring the Tendon,
But his Note, subjoin'd to shew

O Ol eigpeÞd& NETPHN & durpuov Ta
PH E' 67. T6 ep

Here again the very same Words -- gte of veupjv -- are repeated, but the Translator has render'd
them as they ought to be. | |

At his full Stretch as the tough STRING he drew,
Serack by an Arm unseen IT barst in two.

Texcer, immediately dishearten'd at the Disaster, complains of the Loss of a Bowstring, with
which he hop'd to do so much Execution, and which he had but that Morning affix'd for
the Service of the Day: |

0 : CT e — * 04 210%
TIpwiov,

Eꝛstathius says Something so remarkable upon this Place, that Mr. T de mpdivy, eis whun dye. nat
Pop could not possibly have made the Mistake upon the former Paslage, ETepas dna Tov Teixpov. dq No
if he had attended to the Commentator's Words here. Teucer objer- ve, 57: Tpwiou evedycs Thy veupiy, S
ving that be had new-sirung his Bow that morning, says he, calls to his Re- 79 gefl. Thy & re pa aids CoM.
membrance his former Mistortune of having bis Bowstring burst by the Eustath, Romæ. Fag. 1025,
Stroke of a Stone. | Ee |
It is plain in the first Passage Mr. Port understands verge in the Sense of vetpov or the Nerve

of the Body. I cannot remember that it is ever employ'd in that Signification by any Author

whatsoever : But This I know well and can assure Mr. Pop, if he has not yet observ'd it,

that, as often as HoMER has used veupy either in the Iliad or Odysey, it signifies in Him

nothing but a Bow/string. | | | 5

This is a Digression from the Basines of SHAKESPEARE, but One that a Sameness of Error

naturally introduc'd; and I hope it will be pardonable, as it sets right a Passage, in which

Many may be misled by the Authority of the Translator's Name.

XVIII. I shall now proceed to give a Specimen of some few Passages, in which the Point- Bad Pomtings
ing is so unsufferably bad, that the Poet's Sense is not only maim'd, but quite stifled. And rectified,

yet as the Editor in These has follow'd the Pattern set him in the old Editions, the Continu- |

ation of Error cannot be supposed thro' Negligence, but because he would not please either

to suspe& a Fault, or to indulge his private dense in curing it. There are so many signal

Blots of this Sort left, that, to point at them all, would be to extend this Work to ten Times

the Compass it has already taken up: I shall therefore only cull out such a Parcel, as may

demonstrate how far SHAKESPEARE wants restoring in this Particular.

TRo1ILUs and CRESSIDA, Page 74.
Ene. And thou shals hunt a Lion that will fie
With his Face back in human gentlenels :
Welcome to Troy --- Now, by Anchises' Life,
Welcome indeed -== =.

X 2 | Tims

Occa/:onal Correction.

The APPENDIX.

Thus this Passage has all along been read, and never understood, as I suppose, by any of the
Fditors. The second and fourth Folio Editions make a small Variation of the Pointing, but
do not at all mend the Matter. I don't know what Conception the Editors have had to themselves
of a Lion's flying in humane Gentleness:; To Me, I confess, it seems strange Stuff.
If a Lion fly with his Face turn'd backward, it is fighting all the Way in his Retreat: And
in this Manner it is Azeas professes that He shall fly, when he's hunted. But where then
are the Symptoms of Humane tang oh Mr. DRYDEN, in his Alteration of this Play from
SHAKESPEARE, has acted With great Caution upon this Passage : For not giving himself the
Trouble to trace the Author's Meaning, or to rectify the Mistake of his Editors, he closes
the Sentence at --- with his face EEE and entirely leaves out, in humane Gentlenes;,
In short, the Place is flat Nonsense as it stances, only for Want of true Pointing. I think,
there is no Question to be made, but that SHAKESPEARE intended it thus;

And Thou shalt hunt a Lion, that will fie

With his Face back. --- In humane Gentleness,
Welcome to Troy; --- Now, by Anchises' Life,
Welcome indeed:

Eneas, as soon as ever he has return'd Diomede's Brave, stops short and correQs himself for
exprefling so much Fury in a Time of Truce; from the fierce Soldier becomes the Courtier
at once; and, remembring his Enemy as a Guest and an Ambassador, welcomes him as such
to the Trojan Camp. This Correction, which I have here made, flight as it is, not only

restores good Sense, but admirably keeps up the Character. which Amxeas had before given
to Agamemnon of his Trojan Nation, Page 27.

Courtiers as free, as debonair, unarm d,
As bending Angels; that's their Fame in peace:
But when they would seem Soldiers, they have Galls,

Good Arms, strong Foints, true Swords, and Jove's Accord,
Nothing so full of Heart.

This Quotation obliges me to make a short Stop, to set right the latter Part of this Passage;
whose Sense is likewise bad, thro? a small Defect in the Pointing. Can the Poet be
supposed to mean, that the Trojans had Fove's Accord, whenever they would seem Soldiers?

No; certainly he would intimate, that Nothing was so full of Heart as They, when that

God did but shew himself on their Side. This Circumstance added, brings no Impeachment

to their Courage: Valour would become Presumption and Impiety in them, if they trusted
to it, When Jove manitestly declared himself on the other Side. It ought to be pointed and
understood thus; m_ | | |

But when They would seem Soldiers, they have Galls,
Good Arms, strong Foints, true Swords ; and, Jove's Accord,
Nothing so full of Heart. |

e. Jove's Accord, and Concurrence, seconding them, Nothing so full of Heart as

They.

Tie Like.

XIX. TRoILUS and CRrssDA, Page 9.
—— — tell thee, I am mad
In Creflid's love. Thou answer'st, she is fair,
Pour si in the open ulcer of my Heart;
Her eyes, her hair, her cheek, her gate, her voice
Handlest in thy discourse --- O that! her hand! --

Any Body with half an Eye must perceive the Pointing to be disturb'd here; and that the Semer

at tne End of the third Verse quite destroys the Meaning of the Passage. Restore
it thus; 585

DAP PEN DI X.
2 I ell thee, I am mad
In Crefsid's Love: Thou answer'st, She is fair;
Pour'st in the open Ulcer of my Heart
Her Eyes, her Hair, her Cheek, her Gate, her Voice;
Handlest in thy Discourse - - O that! her Hand

i. e. When Iam e her arp to the Heart with her Beauties, you inflame my Wound
with the Repetition and Praise of their Particulars; or to use the Poet's own Words in the
Close of the Speech;

But saying thus, instead of oil and balm,
Thou lay'st, in ev'ry Gash that Love has giv'n me,
The Knife that made it.

But I cannot disiniss the Passage, whose Pointing I have cur'd, without subjoining a Conjecture
on the last Line of it.

Hanalest in thy Discourse -- O that! her hand! | Occasiona l

I have always (notwithstanding the whole Set of printed Copies support the Reading ;) suspected
this odd Inter jection of Rapture, - O that! and cannot help thihking it is an inelegant
Break, as I am sure it is an ill- sounding one. Without departing very widely from the
Letters of the Text, I must own I should like it better, if it stood thus;

Handlest in thy Discourse - how white her hand!

And then, methinks, by the Repetition of the Term, the Verse immediately following acquires
a double Beauty. Fog ”

I whose Comparison all whites are Int,
Writing their own Reproach

XX. CYMBELINE, Page 170.
You good Gods,

Let what is here contain d relish of Love,

Of my lords health, of his content, yet not

That we two are asunder; let that grieve him:

Some Griefs are medicinable, that is one of them,
For it doth physick love of his Content,

All but in that. 1

Certainly this Passage could not be understood by the Editor, or he would never have pointed

Conjecture.

The Like,

it thus: The Foundation of the Speech is this: Imogen, a young Princess, receiving a Letter

from her banish'd Lord whom she passionately lov'd, before she opens it, prays that the
Contents of it may shew that her Lord still loves her, that he is in Health, and that he tastes
Content: Yet, says She, as it were recollecting her self, let him not taste a full and absolute
Content; let it give him some Grief, that Fate has divided Him and Me; for That's a Grief
which will exercise and support his Love; but in every other Circumstance let him enjoy

Content at Heart. This, I dare say, is directly the Author's Meaning; and that the Pointing

ought to be restored thus.

The Like,

The Like,

The 'A'PPENDINX:
—— ü —— You good Code, pt
Let What is here contain d relish of Love,
Of my Lord's Health, of his Content, -- (yet not,
That We Two are asunder; let That grieve Him:
Some Griefs are med'cinable ; That is One of Them,
For it doth physick Love.) - of his Content,
All but in That!

Imogen, as it is very frequent with our Poet upon other Occasions, breaks in upon the T hread
of her own Address to the Gods, interposes a Reflection, and moralizes upon it; and then
resumes the Substance of her Prayer at the very Words where She left it off. She catches
herself up in the same manner in the very next Page.

———g Then, true Pisanio,
Who long st like Me to see thy Lord; who long'st,
(0% let me bate) — but not like Me; yet long'st,
But in a fainter kind: Ob not like Me. | 332,
XXI. TiMon of ATHENS, Page 52. IT WL]
Nu Fools of Fortune, trencher-friends, time-flies, 2
Cap-and-knee Slaves, vapours, and minute-jacks
Of man and beast; zhe infinite malady
Crust you quite oer

I always suspected the Pointing of this Passage ; Mr. S#ADWELL, who alter'd this Play,

seems not to have understood it, and therefore has left out Part. But in what Sense were
these ungrateful Senators Minnute-Facks of Man and Beast? The Poet just before calls them

Vapours, and I dare say means to inforce that Image, by saying they were Facks not of a

Minute's Trust, or Dependance. Then what does the infinite Malady signify, without

Something following to give us a clearer Idea of it? I am in no Doubt, but the Poet ought
to be restor'd thus; RR 1 | | |

You Fools of Fortune, Trencher-friends, Time-flies,
Capraud- nee Slaves, Vapours, and Minute-jacks, -=
Of Man and Beast the infinite Malady
Crust You quite er!

4 Perhaps, Tools.

i. e. May the whole Catalogue, the infinite Number of Distempers that have ever invaded
either Man or Beast, all be join'd to plague You,

XXII. Ibid. Page 54. |
————— Slaves and fools 8
Pluck the grave wrinkled Senate from the bench,
And minister in their steads to general filths.
Convert o'th'instant, green, Virginity,
Do't in your parents eyes.

This Paslage is so disfurnish'd of all Sense by the bad Pointing, that I am willing to think it
One of T hose which were never revised by the Editor. *Tis true, the old Copies are faulty

too in the Pointing; but if Mr, Pope had cast his Eye on Mr. SHADWELL here, he would

not have wanted Direction for reforming it in Part. Restore the whole thus;

The AP PEN D IX.
—— Slaves and Fools, \
Pluck the grave wrinkled Senate from the Bench,

And minister in their Steads. -- To gen'ral Filths
Convert o'th'instant, green Virginity;

Dot in your Parents Eyes.

b. e. You Virgins, that are scarce ripe for Man, turn at once such shameless Prostitutes, as
to commit Whoredom eyen before your Parents faces.

XXIII. CoxiorAxus, Page 107.
All the contagion of the south light on you,
You shames of Rome; you herds; of boils and Plagues
Plaister you o'er, hat you may be abhorr d
Farther than seen, --- |

Here, again, the old Copies are defeQive in the Pointing, by which the Sense is so maim'd,
that this too must be a Passage which either was not revis'd by Mr. Pops, or in which he
would not indulge his private Sense to make it intelligible. Mr. DExXIS, who has alter'd

The Like.

this Play, was obliged, by a different Disposition of the Fable, to leave out this Passage,

otherwise, 1 am persuaded, there would have been no Room for my making a Correction
upon it. The meanest Judges of Engl; must be aware, that no Member o any Sentence
can begin with a Genitive Case, and a preceding Nominative be wanting to govern That and

the Verb. Where, therefore, is the Nominative to -- of Boils and Plagues plaister You ver?

Or what Sense or Syntax 1s there in the Passage, as it now stands? Restore it without the
least Doubt, |

All the Contagion of the South light on you,

Va Shames of Rome, You! - Herds of Boils and Þlagnes
Plaister you ver, that you may be abhorr's

Farther than seen! -=-

It is not infrequent with SHAKESPEARE to redouble his Pronouns, as in this Place; So,

ANDRONICUS, Page 513.
0h, why should Wrath be mute, and Fury dumb?
I am no Baby, I; that with base Pray'rs
I should repent the Evil I have done:

So, Roko and JULIET, Page 290.

Mens Eyes were made to look, and let them gaze;
I will not budge for no Man's Pleasure, 1.
And so in a Number of Instances more.
XXIV. Ibid. Page 128. 2
—— — This, as you say, suggested
At some time, when his soaring insolence
Shall teach the people, which (time shall not want,
If he be put upon t, and that's as easie,
As to set dogs on sheep) will be the fire
To kindle their dry stubble ; and their blaze
Shall darken him for ever.

The Like,

wed WW __ * 2 , » = .
A ——_— IS as - ni *

— — — COTE — ——

mn — OM. . 3
at 46 - A A mh —

© oe 0, Ot

5 — * Sag * 2 2 — —
2 r oy — 2 0 — — — 12 — _ *
8 . ; e 3 . — AE — — —
T N 3 ze. + * unn R 9 D —
1 6 . _ MN re. 8 , Ie * N 1 — er * 2 P
n * * - < p * * of N
P P = * - of © 4 3 24s 4 b

The APPENDIX.

As in the last Tnstance a Nominative was wanting to the Verb, so, on the other hand, as this
Passage is pointed, we have a Redundance; for Both the Pronouns, this and which, stand as
Nominatives to wi be; The whole Passage ought to be rectified thus;

7 es This, as you say, suggested

At some Time, when his soaring Insolence

Shall teach the People, (which Time shall not want,
If He be put upon't; and That's as easy

As to set Dogs on Sheep :) will be the Fire

To kindle their dry Stubble; and their Blaze

Shall darken him for ever.

There is one Word, however, till in this Sentence, which, notwithstanding the Concur-

Occasional : ; .

Cee dure rence of the printed Copies, I suspect to have admitted a small Corruption. Why should it
be imputed as a Crime to Coriolanus, that he was prompt to teach the People? or how was
it any soaring Insolence in a Patrician to attempt this? I believe rather that the Poet wrote;

—— When his soaring Insolence Bi
Shall reach the People,
i. e. When it shall extend to impeach the Conduct, or touch the Character of the People

The Like. XXV. AxToxY and CLEOPATRA, p. 410. |

Look you, sad friends:
The Gods rebuke me, but it is a tiding
To wash the eyes of Kings.

This Speech is made by Octavius Cesar, on * Dercetas's bringing him Word of Antony's
jon eng Deach, and bringing the Sword wüsch he had drawn forth from Wir Wounds. ls there 27
write it Derce- Reason in This, why Octavius should call his Friends sad friends? The Poet's Sense, metacus.
Bur this thinks, is very obvious, and the Cure easy. Octavius enjoins his Friends to be concern'd at
Play is very the News; and tells them it is a Calamity, that ought to draw Tears even from the Eyes of
faulty in te Princes. Correct therefore, 1 5 N
proper Names: |

2 with | . Look You sad, Friends: ---

88 9 The Gods rebuke me, but it is a Tidiug

for Taurus, So- | To wash the Eyes of Kings, | «
sius for Sossius, | |

Hiparchus for XXVI. JuLivs CESAR, p. 263.

Hipparchus, | | :
Bochus for Our reasons are so full of good regard,
Bocchus, Aru That were you Antony the Son of Cesar,
—_ 5 . 9 Nu should be satisfied. I.
The Like, The true Pointing of this Place must likewise be obvious at the first View, but the Neglect of

it puts such a Change upon our Poet's Sense, that it makes him suppose Cesar had a Son
whose Name was Antony; a Point of History altogether new to the World, It must be
restored; e 1 8

That were You, Antony, the Son of Cæsar,
You should be satisfied. .

XXVII. Another N egligence of this Sort occurs in the MERCHANT of VE NICE, by

The Lite. _ .
which a Civilian and Pleader is turn'd into a Lord, p. 68.

Duke. Came Yor from Padua, from Bellario? | 1725
Ner. From both: my Lord Bellario greets your Grace. —
| 5 g The

The APP END IX.
The Duke within half a Page above tells us the Profession of this Bellario, and that, unless
he comes, he may by his own Power put off the Tryal. a

Upon my Power I may dismiss this Court,
Unless Bellario, a learned DOCTOR,
Whom I have sent for to determine This,
Come here to day.

The Passage before Us, therefore, must be restored thus ;

Duke. Came You from Padua, from Bellario?
Ner. From Both, my Lord: Bellario greets your Grace.

XXVIII. As in the last Passage, by the false Pointing, a Doctor of Laws was promoted The Like.

to the Peerage; so in King LEA, by the same Accident, a Physician rises to the same Honour,
P. 93. N | 1 | ==
el.. Then be it so.
My Lord, how does the King?
Phys. Madam, sleeps full.

Cordelia entring with the Earl of Kent and the King her Father's Physician, desires Kent to

shift out of his Diiguise of Servitude; who begging to go his own way a little longer, Cordelia
consents it shalt be as his Lordship pleases; and then addressing herself to the Physician,
enquires after her Father's Health. It ought to be restor'd thus; 1

Cord. Then be it so,
My Lord. Hou does the King?
Madam, sleeps still.

XXIX. But before I disiniss the Errors of false Pointing, I' produce one Instance of
more Importance; because it is plain the Editor has not made common Sense of it; and because,

I believe, it has never yet been understood by any body, since the first Corruption of

it in the old Copies.

CruBELINE, p. 181.

2 Would you in their serving,
And with what imitation you can borrow
From youth of such a season, before Lucius
Present yourself, desire his service; tell him
Wherein you're happy, which will make him KNOW,
If that his head have ear in musick, doubtless
With joy he will embrace you ; >,

It is evident, I say, that this Passage is faulty both in the Pointing and the Text. Which will 5

male him know - What? --- What Connection has This with the rest of the Sentence?
Surely, SHAKESPEARE can't be suspected of so bald a Meaning as This; I yowll tell him
wherein youre happy, that will make him know wherein you're happy: and yet This is the
only Meaning, I think, the Words can carry, as they now stand. In short, I take the Poet's

Sense to be This. Pisanio tells Imogen, if she would disguise herself in the Habit of a Youth,
present herself before Lucius the Roman General, offer her Service, and tell him wherein she
was happy, #. e. what an excellent Talent she had in Singing, he would certainly be glad to
receive her. Afterwards in p. 196, 7. Bellarius and Arviragas, talking of Imogen, give this
Description of her. ES

Bell. This Youth, howe'er distress'd, appears to have had
Good Ancestors. | => :
Ary. -- [Tow Angel-like he sings! : | 1

The Like, and
Emendation.

154 The APPENDIX.
doubt not therefore but, upon this Foundation, the entire Passage ought to be restored thus.

„ Would you in their Serving,
Aud with what Imitation you can borrow
From Yonth of such a Season, before Lucius
Present your self, desire his Service, tell hin
Wherein Yowre happy; (which will make him 80,
Tf that his Head have Ear in Musick,) doubtless
With Joy he will embrace You:

XXX. I must now pass over to another Species of Errors, not infrequent in this Edition,
which I cannot otherwise distinguish than by the Title of Transpositions; that is, either
where the Verses are so transposed and taken to Pieces, that the Numbers are unnecessarily
disjointed; where wrong Names have been prefix'd to the Parties speaking, or Parts of Sentences
plac'd to one Speaker, that ought to belong to the Person answering; or where Stage-
Directions are either misplac'd, or erroneously adopted into the Text. I shall content my
self with very few Instances, in present, of each Sort, because I am hastening to conclude;
and because this Work has already swell'd beyond the Size of a reasonable Specimen,
Transposition The dismounting a few Verses, indeed, where the Sense of them remains unbroken, is
Numbers. not a matter of the greatest Consequence; yet, I think, ought not to have been done, where

it is altogether unnecessary, and might easily be prevented. I shall quote but two Examples,
and Both of them out of the same Play; where tis plain there was no Occasion for breaking
the Numbers, 1 | 8

TFranspositions.

TROILUS and CRESSIDA, Page 38.
Hector. Brether, She is not worth
What She doth cost the holding.
Troil. What's ought, but as tis valued.

Here are three Hemistichs made out of Words that, with a very flight Variation, naturally
fall into two compleat Verses.
Hect. Brother, She is not worth what She doth cost

The holding. 5
Troil. ----- What is anght, but as tis valued?

S0 again, afterwards, Page 89. .
Tis done like Hector, but securely done,
A little proudly, and great deal misprizing
The Knight oppos'd.
ne. If not Achilles, Sir, what is your Name?
Achil. If not Achilles, nothing.

Here two Hemistichs are made by a Break in the Versification aitogether unnecessary : Restore
the Numbers thus; | ;

Tis done like Hector, but securely done,
A little proudly, and great deal misprizing
Tube Knight oppos d. | |
Ene. --- If not Achilles, Sir,
What is your Name? x

Achill. If not Achilles, nothing. XX Xl

The APPENDIX.

XXXI. Tron of Arnkxs, Page 68, 9. Tranfpositions
Tim. Would thou wert clean enough to spit upon. 7 Persons
Apem. A Plague on thee, Thou art too bad to curse, Names.

It seems clear to Me that the Division of these Speeches is mistaken ; There is such a Contradition
in Sense in the second Line. If Timon was too bad to curse, why then does
Apemantus curse him? I think, it would be more reasonable to split the Speeches thus;

Tim. Would Thou wert clean enough to spit upon.
A Plague on Thee! ---
— nn Thou art too bad to curse,

XXXII. Titus AnDRONICUS, Page 497.

Aaron. Touch not the Boy, he is of royal Blood. The Like.
Luc. Too like the Sire for ever being good,

First hang the Child, that he may see it sprall,

A Sight to veæ the father's Soul withal.
Aaron. Get me a Ladder, Lucius, save the Child; &c.

Why should Aaron, the Moor, here ask for a Ladder, who earnestly wanted to have his
Child sav'd? Unless the Poet is suppos'd to mean for Aaroz, that i: they would get Hi A
Ladder, he would resolutely hang himself out of the Way, so they would spare the Child.
But I much rather suspect there is an old Error in prefixing the Names of the Persons, and
that it ought to be corrected thus; |

Aar. Touch not the Boy, he is of royal Blood.
Luc. Too like the Sire for ever being good. |
First hang the Child, that he may see it sprall,
A Sight to vex the Father's Soul withal.
Get me a Ladder. ---

Aar. - Lucius, save the Child; &c.
XXXIII. TroiLUs and CRESSIDA, Page 89.
Agam. ----- Which way would Hector have it!
ne. He cares not; He'll obey Conditions.
AGAM. Tis done like Hector, but securely done,
A little proudly, and great deal misprizing
The Knight oppos'd.

Le Like,

En. If not Achilles, Sir,
5 What is your Name
Achil. ----- not Achilles, Nothing.

Ene. Therefore, Achilles; bat whate'er, know this,
In the Extremity of great and little
Valour and Pride excel themselves in Hector.

I must confess I could not read this Passage at first without stopping, and a Suspicion that the
Names of the Characters were not all rightly pretix'd to these Speeches. It seem'd very absurd
to Me, however the Editor has taken it upon Content, that Agamemnomn should make a
Remark to the Disparagement of Hector for Pride, and that Æneas should immediately say,
If not Achilles, Sir, what is your Name? and then desire him to take Notice that Hector was
as void of Pride as he was full of Valour. Why was Achilles to take Notice of This, if it
Was Agamemnon that threw this Imputation 5 Pride in Hector's Teeth? I was fully a

The; APPENDIX:

fied that this Reproach on Hector ought to be plac d to Achilles: And consulting Mr. Day.
DEN's Alteration of this Play, (which, I suppose, Mr. Pork did not look into, while he was

publishing Shakespeare,) I was not a little pleas' to find that I had but seconded the Opini
of That Great Man in this Point: Corre@ the Passage therefore, Moana

Agam. Which Way would Hector have it?
FEneas. He cares not; He'll obey Conditions.
ACHIL. Tic done like Hector, but securely done ;

A little proudly, &c.

The Like, XXXIV. MEASURE for MEASURE, Page 325.

Lucio. Behold, behold, where Madam Mitigation comes.
I have purchas'd as many Diseases under her Roof
As come to --- end
2d. Gent. To what, pray?
Lucio. Fadge. --- „
2d. Gent. To three thousaud Dollars a Year.
1st. Gent. Ay, and more.
Lucio. A French Crown more.
ist. Gent. Thou art always figuring Diseases in Me; but Thou art full of Error; I an;
sound. | |

Not to dwell upon Explanation here, whoever reads this Passage but once over, I dare say,
will be convinc'd from the last Speech in it quoted, that all which is plac'd to Lucio in his
first Speech could never be intended to belong to him, It must be restor'd, as the Sense of
the Context requires. e | |

Lucio. Behold, behold, where Madam Mitigation comes.
ist. Gent. I have purchas'd as many Diseases under her Roof,
A, come to, &e. „

The Like. XXXV. Tamixe of the SyREw, Page 317.
Hort. Dll watch you better yet.
In time I may believe, yet I mistrust.
Bian. Mistrust it not: For sure Facides
Was Ajax, call'd so from his Grandfather.
I must believe my Master, else I promise You, &c.

Here, indeed, the Names are so shuffled and displaced, that I must be obliged to explain the
Business of the Scene, before I can convince that there has been a manifest Trausposition.
Bianca is courted by two Gentlemen, Hortensio and Lucentio, who make Way for their Addresses
under the Disguise of Masters, the One to instruct her in Latine, the other in Mutick.
Lucentio, as he is teaching her Language, informs her who he is, and to what Purpose
he comes: She says, She'll construe the Lesson her self, and, in so doing, she tells him,
She does not know him, does not trust him, bids him take Heed that * do not overhear
them, and neither to presume, nor to despair. Hortensio is jealous that Lacentio is,
like himself, a Lover in Disguise, and says he'll watch Him. After this, Bianca and Lucentio
proceed in their Discourse, under Colour of continuing the Lesson; and there is no
doubt dut that the Speeches ought to be distinguish'd thus; or WE
| 3 Hort

The APPENDIX.

F watch You better yet.

BIA In Time I may believe; yet I mistrust. [To Luc.
Mistrust it not: ---- for sure acides

Was Ajax, call'd so from his Grandfather.
BIAN. I must believe my Master, else &c.

XXXVI. AnToxy and CLEOPATRA, Page 311.
Char. Our worser thoughts heav'n mend.

ALEX. Come, his fortune, his fortune. O let him marry a Woman that caunot go, swee⸗
Isis, I beseech thee, and let her die too, and give him a worse, &C.

This I dare pronounce to be so palpable, and signal a 7. ransposition, that I cannot but wonder
it should slip the Editor's Observation. Alexas brings a Fortune-Teller to Iras and Charmian,
Cleopatra's Women, and says himself, We'll know all our Fortunes. Well; the Soothsayer
begins with the Women, and some Joakes pass upon the Subject of Husbands and
Chastity ; after which, as I apprehend, the Women hoping for the Satisfaction of having
Something to laugh at in A/exas's Fortune, call to him to hold out his Hand, and wish heartily
he may have the Prognostication of Cuckoldom upon him: Restore therefore the Passage:
|

Char. Our worser Thoughts Heav'n mend! Alexas, - come, his fortune, his fortune

I think, there needs no stronger Proof of this being a true Correction, than this Observation
Which Alexas immediately subjoins on their Wishes and Zeal to hear him abused,

Alex. Lo now! if it lay in their hands to make me a Cuckold, they would make themselves
Whores, but they'd dot!

The Like.

XXXVII. The Epitor has complain'd in his Preface, Page 18. that, often in the old Stage-Direi-
Impressions, the Notes of Direction to the Property-Men for their Moveables, and to the on crept into
Players for their Eutries, are inserted into the Text, thro' the Ignorance of the Transcribers, the Text.

I am afraid, he has not taken Care to remove all these wrong Insertions; and [I believe the
Instance I am about to subjoin will be determined One of Those which ought not to have
escap'd his Observation. |

MaczertH, Page 594.
I gin to be a weary of the Sun,
And wish the State o'th'World were now undone,

Ring the alarum-bell, blow wind, come Wrack,
At least we'll dye with Harness on our Back,

Macbeth, seeing that he cannot be safe within his Fortifications, resolves to issue out upon
the Enemy. But 1 N Town, is it ever customary to order an Alarum, or Sall

by the ringing of a Bell? Or rather is not this Business always done by Beat of Drum?
Hieronymus Magins, I know, in an accurate and scarce Tract of his upon the Antiquity
and various Use of BELLs, speaks, among the rest, of a Tintinnabulum Castrense, or Great
Bell used in Camps. Within the Period of Christianity, /ays He, and after Great Bells

« obtain'd in Churches, the Commanders of Armies employ'd Such a One slung in a Woode
en Turret at the Top of a large Chariot; which Chariot was always plac'd near the Pa-

6. vi d every day, at the Rising and Setting of the Sun, this Bell was rung out as a
« 4 rx 0 the Lins ib perform he 8 instead of, Sounding the Charge, likewise,
« the Soldiers were call'd to Arms by this Bell; and in the Battle, it was placed in the
„Middle of the Army, and defended with the fame Care as they are used to do a Standard.”
The Author concludes his Account of this Military Bell, with saying, That if any other Nation

2 5 4 . » — Mom, DR
_ £5 RESO 4 wh) dg” * * * * — —- ——— * *
— 2 — —— ' eo tins 4 — 8 — — 2 Yo. — Fas MIS
* * 3 N . NET RRP * —_— — — 2 = N ä —— — ne
ee 4-4; x r 2 4” 8 8 bd 2 I — = = nw -
. — 8 2 8 mg - 7 A : . 2 = 2 * .
— — — —_— n — : | 22 n v7 24 FEE nes >"

— ain * ee
ow OY — — 7 -

Stage-DireCtion
transpos d.

The APPENDIX.

trons, besides the Italians, made nse of such a Machine in their Camps, it was more than |,

new.“ We may dare assert, at least, that it never found an Introduction into Scoeland; and
that therefore the Poet could not make Macbeth employ it, instead of the customary Way of
directing a Charge upon the Enemy.

In short, I believe these Words were a Stage-Direction crept from the Margin into the Text.
thro” the last Line but One being deficient without them, occasion'd probably by a Cut that
had been made in the Speech by the Actors. They were a Memorandum to the Proniptor
to ring the Alaram-bell, i. e. the Bell, perhaps at that Time used, to warn the Tra edy-Drum
and Trumpets to be ready to found an Alarm: And what confirms me in this Suspicion, is,

that for the four Pages immediately following, it is all along quoted in the Margin, Alarum;

Fight, and Alarum; Alarums continued.
It may be objected, indeed, to this Observation of mine, that the same Expression is to be
met with before in this very Play; and therefore we must examine that Passage;

Jbid, Page 543-
Macd. Ring the Alarum Bell - Murther, and Treason!
Banquo, ad Donalbaine! Malcolme! awake !

I do not dispute these Words here being a genuine Part of the Text; because the Reason for

them is very different. The Scene is in Macherh's Castle at Jwvermess ; whither the King goes
to pay a Visit. Macduff rises early, being so order'd, to call up the King; and discovering
him to be murther'd, orders the Bell to be rung out, to wake his Master's Sons, and the

rest of the Court, to apprize them of the dismal Accident. The Bell was entirely proper

upon this Occasion; as it is, to this day, employ'd in great Houses to call together Assistance
in Cases of Thieves or Fire. 8 g | 9

XXXVIII. We come now to a Stage-Direction very unluckily misplaced; in which the
Editor seems to have been misled by the small Edition, formerly publish'd by Mr. Tonson,
for want of a competent Knowledge of the Castoms of the Stage. £

Second Part of K. HENRY VI. Page 120.
FLOURISH. Euter Mother Jordan, Hume, Southwel, aud Bolingbroke.

This is the first Instance, as I take it, where Conjurers and common Witches are supposed
to be usher'd into the Scene by the Sound of Trumpet; which is signified by the Word
Floarish, The Truth of the Case is this; whenever a King enters or goes off with his Court
it is the constant Practice of the Stage to fAoxrish him on and off. In the Scene immediately
preceding This of the Conjurers, K. Heary VI. and his Court are upon the Stage; and
when they quit it, in the second i Edition, and other old Books, we find it mark'd thus,
as it most certainly ought to be restor'd ;

Flourish. | Exeunt. |
Enter Mother Jordan, Hume, Southwel, and Bolingbroke,

As the Editor, in the above Instance, committed a Mistake by departing from the older Copies:
believe, I can point out another Place, in which he has err'd with some of those Cofixing
the Word flourish where it ought by no Means to be adinitted.

pies, by pre
K. RicnarD III. Page 349. The Court.
FLOURISH. Enter King Edward SICK, the Queen, &c.

s js one prevailing Instance of the Theatrical Custom, as I above hinted, of Roxrihing
Hs Logs 8 and off But certainly this Custom is most absurdly maintain'd in this Place.
The King is here brought in sich, nay, and to such a Degree, that upon his very Entrance,
he says, he expects every day to be released from Life. Can Trumpets be proper under this
Circumstance? The Stage generally takes its Rules from the World, and *tis known, —

An alia Nationes, prater Italos, hujusmodi Curru in Castris uterentur, mihi adhuc est ineognitum.

The APPENDIX

ever a King is sick, all Martial Sounds are forbid at Court, and even the Guare are relicy'd
without Beat of Drum. n | |

XXXIX. The Editor (who tells us, that in the oldest Folio Edition, where the Ads and

Scenes are first distinguisn'd, they were divided according as they play'd them, often where
there was ho Pause in the Action, or where they thought fit to make a Breach in it) has sometimes
taken Care to regulate the ing, and Transpositions of the Scenes, and rectify the
injudicious Divisions of the AZs: But this Part of Criticism does not display itself thro' the
whole Work. I shall subjoin one Passage, for Example, in which he seems to have employ'd
none of this Skill in marking the Division of an Act, viz. the End of the Second
AZ of King Jon, Page 145. Tis true, he errs here in following the old Copies; as he
did, in the last Instance but one, by contradicting them. The Lady Constance, her Son Arthar,
and Lord Salisbury, are upon the Scene; Constance bids Salisbury be gone, and leave her

to her Woes: He tells her, he must not go without her to the two Kings of England and

France. She absolutely refuses to go with him; says, her Sorrow shall keep its State, and the
Kings may come to it. Her concluding Lines are these; | |

For my Grief's so great,
That no Supporter, but the huge firm Earth,
Can hold it up. Here I and Sorrow fit ;
Here is my Throne; bid Kings come bow to it.

It is evident, I think, beyond Contradiction, that Constantia here, in her Despair, seats

her self upon the Floor of the Stage: And can she be supposed immediately to vise again, on-
1y to go off and end the Act decently ? And if she does not, how can the Act end here?

There is but one other Method for it; and that is, of the foremost at- scene shutting her in
from the Sight of the Audience, an Absurdity never once practised by SHAKESPEARE. In
the very next Scene which follows, and stands as the sir/# Scene of the Third Act, the Kings
are introduc'd, and Constantia is likewise upon the Stage, and speaks within eight Lines of
the Scene's beginning. We must therefore either suppose an Cuity of the tuo Scenes, and

that They come in to her so soon as the fits down on the Floor; or rather, (which I think

Division of an
Act mistaken,

has been an Opinion of long Standing, ) that an iatermediate Scene or two have been loft,

whereby we cannot now be certain how the Act ended; and that an Hiatus in Mauuscripto

ought to be mark d to signify the Imperfection.

The faulty Passages which I have hitherto alledged, I think, are mostly such, as cal”
led for the Assistance of Fadgment to set them right: There are other Places again, which are

corrupted in our Author, that are to be cur'd by a strict Attention to the Author himself,

and by taking History along with us, wherever his Subject is Historical. Diligence in this

Respe@ is certainly the Duty of an Editor: And yet that a due Care, even in this Part, has
been hitherto wanting, the Instances I am now going to subjoin will manitestly prove.

MibsUMMER NicnT's DREAu, Page 95.
Did st Thou not lead him thro the glimm'ring Night
From PEREGENIA, whom he ravisped?

Mr. Port confesses in his Preface, * that No one is more a Master of the Poetical Story, or
bas more eee Allusions zo the various Parts of it thau SHAKESPEARE, It must be own'd;
age before us is a signal Instance. He touches upon a minute Circumstance in

the Story of Theseus; but, indeed, None of the old Classicks tell us of such a Person as
Peregenia, with whom that Hero had an Affair: Restore therefore the Place, from the Auand

the Pa

thority of the Greek Writers.

Did'st thou not lead him thro' the glimm'ring Night
From PERIGUNE, whom he ravished*

Faults of Trad .
vertence.

Page 10.

Here

F a . mg — ——O_ —
_ « _ — 4 N * e * — ene; * —
3 Fi - FE CSG. b 1 * 27” 4 — Pt, —_—_ ———_ — a 4 —_—_ 6 a — — —
>; £ — a 5 + : N * 1 i <» 248 9: - — m —————
ano N . . —— - 2 l ; * SE — - ? — _ 2 — -t, 18 3 * * Log Che —— — a =
—— * — - — R —— — — — — — AAA — 2 2 — "RI bs —
PO MES ah oa 2 I 9 * . ar, ban «Lt? 2 8 — * — 4 2 =o * — FF — = D 7 - 2 * * _
* 3 i . an 8 y * * ä — n 4 : — — RO — = * 4 - 1 OD ——— Ga * 5
4 £ - - — ö F 1 . * " — K * . a Y -_ * _ OA 2 —

FLOSS a — — © — 2
A : CIS) a * 3 * Ws gl
En, — 93 EY" oi A - 2 : TG
FER © * * Rr

We Like,

Occasional E-

mendations.

The Like,

Here we have the Name of a famous Lady, by whom 7, heseus had his Son Melanippus.

Claim to. How can it be thought then, that he should at one and the same Time give up all

and some other Errors been transmitted down to boot. See Page 129.

Claim upon the Exgliss King? Tis plain, both from the Verse quoted of the Duke of

dant. But the King of France's Name was not Lewis. In both Lines therefore where

t. eman as Sir Jobs Erpingham in Being in K. Henry Vih's Reign: Restore it, as it ought

The APP E ND IX.

She was the Daughter of Sinnis, the cruel Robber, and Tormentor of Passengers in the

Ifthmus; and PLUTARCH and ATHENAUS are Both express in the Circumstance of Thesexs's

ravishing her, which is so exactly copied by our Poet. The former of Them adds, (as Diodo-

Siculus, Apollodorus, and Pausanias, likewise tell us,) that he kill'd her Father into the
argain. | |

XLI. K. Jonx, Page 139. 7
For ANGIERS, and fair Touraine, Maine, PoiQiers,
And all that We upon this Side the Sea, |
Except this City ao. by us besieg'd,
Find liable,; e.
Here we have an Instance of the like Carelesness in a Point of 9 History. King

Jobis consenting to match the Lady Blanch with the Dauphin, agrees, in Part of her Dowry,
to give up all he held in Fraxce, except the City of Angiers, which he now besieg'd, and laid

except Angiers, and give up That too? The Error is transmitted from the old Copies, and
mult be corrected thus ; | | 15

For AN] OU, and fair Touraine, &c.

This was one of the Provinces, as Mr. Pope migbt have remember'd, which the English
held in France, and which the French King by Chatilion claim'd of K. Jobn in Right of Duke
Arthar, at the very opening of the Play, Page 116. | |

— —— Poidtiers, AN] OU, Touraine, Maine.

But Angiert, instead of Anjou, has been printed in more Places than That already quoted;

Aust. King LEWIS, determine what we spall do streigbt.
LEWIS. Women and Fools, break off your Conference.
Ns King John, this is the very Sum of All:
„ England and Ireland, ANGIERS, Touraine, Maine,
In right of Arthur do I claim of thee : 8
Wilt Thou resigu them, and lay down thy Arms?
K. John. My Life, as soon. I do defy thee, FRANCE.

Here again, instead of Angiers, we must restore ANJOU. But who is it makes this
Anstria's Speech, and from the other of K. John's, that the King of France was the Deman-
Lewis is printed, it must be restor'd PHILIPP. =

XLII. Will. Unnaer what Captain serve you?
K. Hen. Under Sir JOHN Erpingham. -
Will. A good old Commander, &c.

Here again History: and our Poet's Text are made to disagree; nor was there any such Gento
be;

Will. Under what Captain serve vo? 1 5 |
K. Hen. Under Sir THOMAS Erpingham, &C. TIA

The APP EN D IX.

Thbis is one of the Characters introduc'd in the Play

the King salutes him thus; '3 and he entring but three Pages before,

Good Morrow, old Sir THOMAS Erpingham :
A good soft Pillow for that good white Head
Were better than a churlish Turf of France.

That this was his Name, we have the Authority of our Chronicles; and Th
Poet from them, in his Richard II. Page 121, tell us, that Sir 7. ey, and our

homas Erping h
of 1. org embark*d from Bretagne to espouse the Interest of Bolingbroke he 8
K. Henry V. |

XLIII. Lid. Page 475. N
Alarum. Enter K. Henry and BOURBON wizh Prisoners, Lords, &c.
This is likewise an Error transmitted from the Old to the Moder:

one of the French Party, and therefore could not make
stoxe it;

n Editions; Bourbon was

Alarm. Euter K. Henry, ana GLOUCESTER, with Prisoners, &c.

The Lite.

a Part of K. Henry's Train. Re-

But may it not be said, that Bourbon is brought in here amongst the French Prisoners > To

This, I reply, that our Poet would hardly have introduc'd a Character of that Dignity, crowded

him amongst the common Wee and neither made him speak to the King, nor the

King to him. Besides, I have another Exception yet stronger to add, why Bourbon cannot
be supposed to enter here: In a few Pages after, (viz. Page 481.) the King asks the Duke

of Exeter (who enter'd with him, and had been all along in the Presence) what Prisoners of
Rank were taken, and Exeter replies; = IS OL

Charles Dake of Orleans, Nephew to the King;
John Dzke f BOURBON, and Lord Bouchiquald.

I submit it therefore to the most common Judgments, whether tis probable, if Bourbon was
145 Prisoners introduc'd in the King's Train, that the Duke of Exeter could have

deen guilty of such an Absurdity, to tell the K ing that Bourbon was taken Prisoner.
XLIV. First Part of K. HxxRT VI. Page 17.
Winch. How now, ambitions UMPIRE, what means This?
These Words are spoken by the Bishop of Winchester to the Duke of Gloucester, who is
forcing his Way into the Tower to survey it. But why, Umpire? or, of what? Gloucester

was Proteckor of the Realm in the King's Minority; but not an Unprre in any particular Matter
that We know of. I am persuaded the Duke's Christian Name lurks under this Corruption,

be restor'd.

and the very Traces of the Letters convince me that our Poet wrote, as it ought certainly to

Winch. How now, ambitions HUMPHREY, what means This?

XLV. Second Part of K. HENRY VI. Page 127.
Sim. God knows of pure Devotion, being call'd
A hundred Times, and oftner, in my Sleep,
By good St. Alban; who said, SIMON, come,
Come, offer at my Shrine, and I will help hee ,
2 | The

The Lite.

The Like.

The Like.

Tye Like.

The APPENDIYS:

The Editions here again are at Odds with the History. Why, Simon? The Chronicles, thatrake

Notice of the Duke of Gloucester's detecting this pretended Miracle, tell us, that the
Impostor, who asserted Himself to be cur'd of Blindness, was call'd Saunder Simpcox. -- -
Sian is therefore a Corruption, thro' the Negligence of the Copyists; and we must restore

l bo said, SIMPCOX, come,
Come, offer at my Shrine, and I will help thee.

Bat we have no need of going back to Chronicles to settle this Point, since our Poet, in the
very next Page, gives us the Fellow's Names, which correspond with the History..

Glouc. What's thine own Name?
Simp. Saunder Simpcox, an' if it please you, Master.
Glouc. Saunder, /iz there, &c.

XLVI. 16:4. Page 132. |
The Fifth was EDWARD Langley, Dake of York.

Having an Eye to History, as I hinted before, would easily have discover'd an Error in the
Copies here, and that the passage ought to be restor'd; |

The Fifth was EDMOND Langley, Dake of York.

The Poet is here enumerating the Issue Male of K. Edward III. and the whole Tenour of
History is express, that his fifth Son was Edmond of Langley, and created Duke of Vork.

XLVII. Lid. Page 155.
Marg. God forbid, any Malice should prevail,
That faultless may condemn a; Nobleman-
Pray God, he may acquit him of Suspicion.
K. Hen. I thank thee, NELL, these Words content me much.

I remember, our Poet, in his King Joan, makes Falconbridge the Bastard, upon his first step»
ping into Honour, say, that he will study to forget his old Acquaintance; |

And if his Name be George, III call him Peter;
For new-made Honour doth forget Mens Names.

But, surely, this is wide of K. HENRY's. Case, and it can be no Reason why he should forget
his own Wife's Name, and call her Nell instead of Margaret. Perhaps, it may be alledg'd,
that the Blunder was Original in the Poet; that his Head was full of another Character, which
he introduces in this Play, Eleanor Dutchess of Gloacester, whom her Husband frequently

calls Nell: and thence thro' Inadvertence he might flip into this Mistake. Were this to be

allow'd the Case, is not the Mistake therefore to be rectified? As the Change of a single
Letter sets all right, there's very little Reason to accuse our Poet of such an Inadyertence:
am much more willing to suppose it came from his Pen thus; 2

K. Hen. I thank thee. -- WELL; these Words content me much.

K. Henry was a Prince of great Piety and Meekness, a great Lover of his Uncle Gloucester,
whom his Nobles were rigidly persecuting, and to whom he suspected the Queen bore no

very good Will in her Heart: But finding her, beyond his Hopes, speak so candidly in the

Duke's Case, he is mightily comforted, and contented at her impartial Seeming. I believe,
Every body in their Conversation must have obsery'd, that the Word, Well, - 1s used to express
an Air of Satisfaction, when any Incident in Life goes to our Wish; or any Purpose,
that was dreaded, happens to be disappointed.

XLVIII

The APPENDIX, -— > oz

XLVIII. K. Ricnary III. Page 432. th 165
Aud who doth lead them hut a paltry Fellow, 8 | |
Long kept in Britaine at OUR Mother's Cost?

This is spoken by Richard HI. of Henry Earl of Richmond; but They were far from
having any common Mother, but Exgland; and the Earl of Richmond was not subsisted abroad
at the Nation's publick Charge. He fled with the Farl of Pembroke into Bretagny in
K. Edward IVth's Reign: And many Artifices were tried both by That King first, and
K. Richard aiterwards, to get him deliver'd up by the French King, and Duke of Bretaguy :
But he happily escap'd all the Snares laid for him. But during the greatest Part of his Residence
abroad, he was watch d and restrain'd almost like a Captive, and subsisted by Supplies

convey'd from the Countess Dowager of Richmond, his Mother: Restore therefore the
Poet thus ; |

And who doth lead them but a paltry Fellow,
Long kept in Bretagne at HIS Mother's Cost ?

XLIX. K. HENRT VIII. Page 448. | The Liks:

———— Here is a Warrant from
The King Pattach Lord Montague, and the Bodies
Of the Dake's Confessor, John de la Car,
ONE Gilbert Peck, hie COUNSELLOR.

Besides a slight Corruption in the Beginning of the last Line, which makes the Connection

faulty, this Passage labours with another Error, which the Editor might have amended either

from having an Eye to the real History, or to the Words of the Poet afterwards: - Correct
the Whole thus; | |

Here is a Warrant from
The King attach Lord Montague, and the Bodies
Of the Duke's Confessor, John de la Car,
AND Gilbert Peck, hi CHANCELLOR.

Sir Gilbert Peck, (or Perk, as it is in some Copies,) the Chronicles tell us, was Chaycellor to
the Duke of Backizgham; and so we afterwards find him styled by our Author in the Play
before us, Page 466.

At which appear'd against him his Surveyor,

Sir Gilbert Peck hie CHANCELLOR, and John Car,
Confessor to him, with that Devil-Mouk |
Hopkins, that made this Mischief.

The Mention of this Monk naturally calls upon me to correct a Passage or two, in which Occasana
all the Copies have hitherto been faulty, with Regard to his Name, See Page 449. Ementation

Buck. 5s ”_ So, so, | |
These are the Limbs o'th' Plot: No more, I hope.

Brand. A Monk ©th* Chartreux.
Buck... »---- MICHAEL Hopkins?

Brand, He.

23 Here

1 1 ANI.
Here again, from the Concurrence of our Historians, we are warranted to correct the Poet;

Bran. A Mon 0th Chartreux -—
Bucx NICHOLAS Hopkins?

But what shall we then do with another Passage, where the Duke's Surveyor is under his
Examination before the King and Council?

P. 455. Sur. He was brought to This
By à vain Prophesie of Nicholas HENT ON.
King, What was that HENTON? _
Sur r. Sir, a Chartreux Fryar, &c.

2d Occasional Tis evident, Brandon and the Surveyor are in two Stories, as the Poet's Text now stands;
but, I am persuaded, it is corrupt: For in Fact there was but One Monk concern d with,

Emendation. ö :
or Evidence against the Duke; and his Name was Nicholas Hopkins. Our Poet therefore
must be restor'd ; | |

By a vain Prophecy of Nicholas HOPKINS.
King. bo was That HOPKINS?

But how came Henton to find a Place at all in the Text? It will be no great Difficulty to
account for This, when we come to consider, that Hopkins was a Monk of the Convent
call'd Henton near Bristol; and might, according to the Custom of those Times, be calld
as well Nicholas of Heaton by Some of the Historians from the Place, as Hopkins, by Others,
from his Family. And This, as I take it, is sufficient Ground for the Mistake from the

Hands of a negligent Transcriber. |

The Like L. I shall add but one more Error at present (but It shall be a signal One) transmitted by
the EDiToR thro? Indiligence, and a Want of due Application to the Meaning of the Author

and the Sense of the Paslage.

Muck Apo aBouT NoTaixe, Page 503.
Borach. Go then find me a meet Hour to draw on Pedro, and the Count Claudio, alone;
tell them that you know Hero loves ME; ------ Ofer them Instances which
shall bear no less Likelyhood than to see Me at her Chamber Window, hear me
call Margaret, Hero; hear Margaret term me CLAUDIO; and bring tbem
to see this the very Night before the intended Wedding.

I am obliged to give here a short Account of the Plot depending, that the Emendation, which
I am about to make, may appear the more clear and unquestionable. Fhe Business stands
thus: Claudio, a Favourite of the Arragon Prince, is, by his Intercessions with her Father,
to be married to the fair Hero; Don John, a natural Brother of the Prince, and a Hater of
Claudio, is in his Spleen zealous to disappoint the Match. Borachzo, a rascally Dependant
on Don John, offers his Assistance, and engages to break off the Marriage by this Stratagem.
Tell the Prince and Claudio ( says He) that Hero is in Love with Me, they won't believe
it,; offer them Proofs, as that they shall see me converse with her in her Chamber Win-
dow: I am in the good Graces of her Waiting-Woman Margaret; and P11 prevail with
Margaret, at a dead Hour of Night, to personate her Mistress Hero; do you then bring
the Prince and Claudio to over-hear our Discourse, and they shall have the Torment to
hear me address Margaret by the Name of Hero, and her say sweet Things to me by the
Name of Claudio. This is the Substance of Berachio's Device to make Hero suspected
of Disloyalty, and to break off her Match with Claudio. But, in the Name of
Goodness, could it displease Claudio to hear his Mistress making Use of his Name tenderly?
lf he saw another Man with her, and heard her call him Claudio, he might reasonably think
her betray'd, but not have the same Reason to accuse her of Disloyalty. Besides, how could
her naming Claudio, make the Prince and Claudio believe that she lov'd Borachio, as He desires
Don 540 to insiuuate to them that She did. The Circumstances consider'd, I have no

Doubt but the Passage ought to be corrected thus; Borach.

FEE roy
Borach. Go en, find me a meet Hour to draty on Pedro, and the Cont Claudio, alone.

tell them that you know Hero lives ME; Offer them Instauces which
shall bear no less Likelihood than 10 see Me at her Chamber-Window hear
Me call Margaret, Hero; Hear Margaret term me BORACHIO; and bring
them to see this the very Night before the intended V edding.

LI. But it is high Time now that I turn my Pen to one
which is yet in Arrears, vi. an Endeavour to restore Sense to Passages, in which, thro? the
Corruption of successive Editions, no Sense has hitherto been found: Or to restore to the
best of my Power, the Poet's true Text, where I luspe& ir to be mistaken thro the Error of
the Press or the Manuscripts, The utmost Liberty that I shall take in this Attempt, shall generally
confine it self to the minute Alteration of a /iagle Letter or zwo: An ladulgence
which, I hope, I cannot fear being granted me, if It retrieves Sense to such Places as have
either escaped Observation, or never been disputed or understood by their Editors. I'll dis
patch this remaining Part of my Appendix with all the Brevity that the Nature of the Excex-
DATIONS will admit; as Such, they are humbly propos'd: But wherever better Judges are
pleased to think hat Word too peremptory, I am very well content to soften it into Cox-
JECTURES. | | |

As the MERCHANT of VENICE happens to furnish three or four remarkabl 9
shall stand the foremost in this List. EE arkable Ones, they

promised Part of my Task, Emtnparions

MERCHANT of VENICE, Page 12.

Ner. First, there is the Neapolitan Prince.
Port. Ay, that's a COLT indeed, for he doth Nothing but talk of his horse, aud he
mates it a great Appropriation to his own good Parts that he can shoo bin
himself: I am much afraid my Lady his Mother play d false with a Smith.

Portia here discoursing with her Waiting-Woman about her Suitors, Nerissa runs over the
Catalogue of them, with Design to sound the Affections of her Lady. But how does talking
of Horses, or knowing how to shoe them, make a Man e'er the more a Col:?? Or why,
if a Smith and a Lady of Figure were to have an Affair together, should a Colt be the Issue of
that Conj unction? I make no Doubt but this is simply Portia's Meaning: }/hat do you tell
me of the Neapolitan Prince? he is such a slupid Dance, that instead of saying fine Things
to me, he does Nothing but talk of his Hlorses. ----- Now; This is some Reaton for suspecting

that his Mother should have play'd false with a Szizh: People generally talk most
in their own Professions, or in Those of their Family; and Farriers, I presume, will be allowed
to talk more of Horsemanship than any other Subject. I do not question therefore
to restore it; | | |

Port. Ay, That's a DOLT indeed; for he doth Nothing but talk of his Horse, aud
he makes it a great Appropriation to his own good Parts, that he can. shoe
him himself, &c.

A Dolt is properly one of the most stupid and blockis of the Vulgar; and in this Significa- .
tion it is used by our Author himself. See his Anthony and Cleopatra, Page 398.

Follow his Chariot, like the greatest Spot
Of all thy Sex; most monster-like, be shewn
For poorist Diminutives, for DOLTS -
1. e. become the Gaze of the most vile Plebeians, the most sordid ignorant Rabble.
And so, again, in OTHELLo, Page 583.
5 > ws - 0h, Gull! Ob, DOLT!
As ignorant as Dirt; |
LII. Bid. Page 24. | | |
Vat a Beard hast thou got! Thou bast got more Hair on thy Chin, than EMENDATION, .
Dobbin my PHIL-horse has on bis Taile.

EMENDATION,

The APPENDIX,
1 should have pass'd this over as a Literal Error, occasion'd by the Oversight of the Editor,

but that I find it is copied from the old Editions: And yet even there originally it is but a
litera! Error. It mult be restor'd ;

Thon hast got more Hair on thy Chin, than Dobbin my THILLhorse
bas on his Tail.

A Thill, as it is very well known, is the Beam or Draught-Tree of a Cart or Waggon; and
the Thill. Horse, consequently, is that Horse which is put under the Thill. SKINNER, indeed,
mentions the Fill-Horse, i. e. the last Horse in the File; but he confesses it, a Term, which
he derived from the Informationof a learned Clergyman.

LIII. Lid. Page 21. Morocbius, a black Prince, among the rest of Portia's Suitors,
putting in his Pretensions, and preparing to decide his Fate by the Choice of the Casket,
reflects upon the Conditions to which he is subjected: That he, who had slain a Sophy with

bis Scimitar, won three Battles of a Sultan, who could outstare and outbrave the sternest

and molt daring Creatures upon Earth, pluck the Cubs from a She-Bear, and mock the roaring
of a hungry Lion, might be baffled and worsted in this Adventure by the Caprice of
blind Fortune. | | 8 | |

But, alas the while!
If Hercules aud LYCHAS play at dice
Which is the better man, the greater throw
May turn by fortune from the weaker hand:
So is Alcides beaten by his RAGE,
And so may I, blind fortune leading me,
Nifss that which one unworthier may attain,
And die with grieving. |

Tho' the whole Set of Editions concur in this Reading, and it has pass'd wholly unsuspected
by the Learned Editor, I am very well assur'd, and I dare say the Readers will be so too
anon, that it is corrupt at Bottom. Let us look into the Poet's Sentiment, and the History
of the Persons represented. If Hercules (says he) and Lichas (for so is his Name to be
spelt, if we may take Sophocles, Ovid, &c. for our Guides) were to play at Dice for the
Decision of their Superiority ; Lichas, the weaker Man, might have the better Cast of the
Two. But how then is Alcides beaten by his Rage? To admit This, we must suppose a Gap
in the Poet; and that some Lines are lost in which Hercules, in his Passion for losing the
Hand, had thrown the Box and Dice away, and knock'd his own Head against the Wall for
meer Madness. Thus, indeed, might he be said, in some Sense, to be beaten by his Rage.
But SHAKESPEARE had no such Stuff in his Head. He means no more than, if Lichas had

the better Throw, so might Hercules himself be beaten by L:chas. In short, Lichas was the

poor unfortunate Servant of Hercules, who, unknowingly brought his Master the envenom'd
Shirt, dipp'd in the Blood of the Centaur Nessus, and was thrown headlong into the
Sea for his Pains. The Poet has alluded to some Parts of this Fable in another of his
Plays; and there indeed a reasonable Intimation is made of Hercules worsting himself thro?
his own Rage. See Anthony and Cleopatra, Page 398. |
Ant. Eros, Hoa,

The Shirt of Nessus is upon Me; -- teach me,

Alcides, thou mine Ancestor, thy Rage:

Let me lodge Lichas on the Horns 0th* Moon,

Aud, with those hands that grasp'd the heaviest Club,

Subdue my worthiest Self. 55

Bat to return to the Place before Us: Can we desire more than to know this one Circumstance
of Lichas's Quality to set us right in the Poet's Meaning, and put an End to all the
present Absurdity of the Passage? Restore it, without the least Scruple, only with cutting off
the Tail of a single Letter; - ee Bu

The AP PE N DI X.

—— But, alas, the while!
Should Hercules and Lichas play at Dice
Which is the better Man, the greater Throw
May turn by Fortune from the weaker Hand:
So is Alcides beaten by his PAGE;

And so may I, blind Fortune leading me,
Miss That which an Unworthier may attain,
And die with grieving.”

It is scarce requisite to hint here, it is a Point so well known, that P

used in Englisb to signify any Boy-Servant; as well as what latter Times have approp riat-d
the Word to, a Lady's Train-Bearer. And so Falstaffe's Boy, pprop

led his Page. So much in Explanation of this new-adopted Reading. T'he very excellent
Lord LAnSDoOWNE, in his Alteration of this Play, tho' he might not stand to make the Correction

upon the Poet, seems at least to have understood the Passage exactly as I do: Aud
tho” he changes the Verse, retains the Sense of it in this Manner ; |

So were a Giant worsted by a Dwarf

Tho? I had made the Emendation, before I thought to look into his Lordssoip's Performance,

+ no small Satisfaction to me, that I have the Authority of such a Geius to back my Conjecture.
|

LIV. Ibid. Page 71. |

Port. Is he not able to discharge the money? 1
Bass. Yes, here I tender it for him in the Court, pF
Yea, twice the Sum; if that will not suffice,
I will be bound to pay it ten times ver,
On forfeit of my hands, my head, my heart.
If this will not suffice, it must appear
1 That malice bears down TRUTH. ----

This is a Passage which has ever pass'd unsuspeCted, and yet, I dare say, does not yield us

the Poet's Text. The Case is this; Shylock, a Jew, lends Authonio, a Venetian Merchant,
3000 Ducats on Bond, with Condition, that if he did not pay them at a Day certain, the Jew
might claim the Forfeiture of a Pound of Anthonio's Flesh to be cut from the Parts nearest
to his Heart. The Bond becomes forfeited; and the Jew rigidly insists upon the specifick
Penalty, and will accept no Sum whatever to remit that. But how does Malice bear down

in our Poet, is frequently calage

has been always

EMENDAT?ON, :

Trath in this Process? Or what one Circumstance is there in the Cause, whereby Trauth or

Falshood can come jinto the Question? I cannot suppose that by Truth the Poet means Fustice,
and the Equity of the Thing; if That had been his Thought, there is a Monosyllable so much

more proper and intelligible at hand to answer that Sense, that he would unquestionably have :

said That Malice bears down Right. But I am persuaded that SHAKESPEARE intended
Bassanio should intimate, if the Jew would come to no Terms, nor take his Debt though
tender'd with such large Advantage, it was plain, he was so blood-thirsty that his Malice had

got the better of his Passion of Interest, and extinguish'd all Sentiments of Remorse, Tenderwess,

and human Charity. The Stress of the Affair lies bet wixt the Jew's Malice, and the
Intercessions of the Court to him to be merciful. This is the Tenour of the whole Scene;

and consonant to this Meaning, the Dake addresses himself to Shy loch, so soon as he appears |

at the Bar, in these Words; Page 64.

Shylock,

EuENBATION.

The APP E N DI x.

Shylock, be World thinks, and I think so tos,
That thou but lead'st this Fashion of thy Malice
To the last Hour of Act, and then tis thought
Thow'lt shew thy Mercy and Remorse more strange
Than is thy strange apparent Cruelty.

The Dule's Speech is directly a Persuasive to Compassion, and this Topick is so often rei
ced in several Paslages of the Scene, that I make EE the least Questicn but our 3
his Bassanio say, the Jew not complying to accept such an extravagant Return for his

Debt,

If Ti bis will not saffue, it must appear
That Malice bears dun RUTH.

i. e. Mercy, and Compassion. So this Word is explain'd by the Etymologists; and so it is
used both by CHAUCER and SPENSER, SHAKESPEARE'S ws Om Ocginals in Language. I
could quote Instances almost without Number, where our Poet uses ruthful and ruthless :

Nor was the Substantive it self so obsolete, or uncommon, but that he has frequently chose

to employ it. <

K. RICHARD II. Page 154
Here did She drop a Tear, here in this P, ace
PII set a Bank of Rue, sow'r Herb of Grace:
Rue, ev» for RUTH, here shortly fpall be seen,
nabe Remembrance of a weeping Queen.

So TROILUS and CRESSIDA, Page 109.
Let's leave the hermit Pity with our Mothers;
And when we have our Armours buckled on,
The venom'd Vengeance ride upon our Swords,
Spar them to rueful Work, rein them from RUTH.

And so, CoxtoLanus, Page 97. 2
Would the Nobility lay aside their RUTH,
And let me use my Sword, &c.

LY. hid. Page 68.
Bass. Why dost thou whet thy knife so earnestly?
Shyl. To cut the forfeit from that bankrupt there.
Grat. Not on thy SOUL! but on thy SOUL, harsh Few,
Thou makst thy knife keen; --- | .

I don't know what Ideas the Editor had affix'd to himself of the Poet's Sense here; for my
own Part I can find None, as the Text stands now. I dare venture to restore Him, from the
Authority of some of the Folio Editions; tho I am obliged at the same Time to restore such
a Sort of Conceit, and Jingle upon two Words, alike in Sound but differing in Sense, as |
our Author ought to have blush'd for. But be That upon his own Head. If I restore his
Meaning, and his Words, he himself is accountable to the Judges for writing them, -

Basse

The APPENDIX;

Bass. Why dist thou whet thy Knife so earnestly?
Shyl. To cat the Forfeit from That Bankrupt there.

Grat. Nor on thy SOLE, bat on thy SOUL, harsh Je,
Thou mak'st thy Knife keen; --

e. Tho thou thinkest that thou art whetting thy Knife on the Sole of thy Shoe, yet it is
upon thy So}, thy immortal Part, that Thou doest it, mistaken, inexorable

Intention of thy Cruelty is so unpardonable, that it must bring thy very Sou into Hazard.
I dare affirm, This is the very Antithesis of our Author; and I am the more confident, because
it was so usual with him to play on Words in this manner ; and because in another of

his Plays he puts the very same Words in Opposition to one another, and That from the
Mouth of one of his serious Characters. See Romeo and JuLitrt, Page 259, 60.

Merc. Nay, gentle Romeo, we must have you dance.
Rom. Nor I, believe me; You have dancing Shoes
With nimble SOLES, I have a SOUL of Lead,
That flakes me to the Ground, I cannot move.

He is at it again within three Lines after, upon two other Words agreeing in Sound; as

we — the Passage in the second Folio, and several other Editions, tho' Mr. Port has not
inserted it. 2 e

I an too SORE enpierced with his Shaft,
20 SOARE with his light Feathers, -- -
But, as I said, these Jingles arc perpetual with Him,
LVI. Love's Lazour Losr, Page 133.
Long. Ifear, these stubborn lines lack pow'r to move;
O sweet Maria, Empress of my love!
These Numbers will I tear, and write in Prose.
Bir. Ob, Rhimes are guards on wanton Cupid's hose :
Disfigure not his SHOP. -
This is one of those Passages, which, I am very willing to suppose, never pass'd Mr. Popk's

Revisal. What Agreement in Sense is there betwixt CueiD's Hase and his Shop? Or, what
Relation can those two Terms have to one Another? Or, what is Capid's Shop? All the

Oh! Rhymes are Guards on wanton Qupid's Hose;
Disfigure not his SLOP.— :

Dlops are, as SKINNER and others rightly inform us, large and wide-kneed Breeches, now only
worn by Rasticks and Sea-faring Men: And we have at this Day Dealers, whose sole

an! The bare

EMENDATION,

Editions happen to concur in the Error; but That ought not to hinder us from correcting

Business it is to furnish the Sailors with Shirts, Jackets c. who are call'd Slop-Men; and

their Shops, Slop-Shops : SHAKESPEARE knew the Term, and has made Use of it in more
than one Place;
Second Part of K. HENRY IV. Page 299.

What said Mr. Dombledon about the Sattin for my fort Cloak and
SLOPS?

ne e APPENDIX,

So in Rouko and JortEr, Page 280.

Senior Romeo, bon jour; --- eres a French Salatation 10 your French
SLOP.

Tis true, Mr. Pore has printed it here - vt French STOP. But it must be corrected
as | have restored it from the second Folio Edition, and the other better Copies, or We come
at no Sense. Those wide-kneed Breeches were the Garb in fashion in our Author's Days

(as we may observe from old Family-Pictures,) as well off, as upon the Stage : And
that they were the Mode in France too, is plainly hinted in another of our Axthor's Plays,

See K. HENRY V. Page 448.

Dauph. Oh, ben belike she was old and gentle, ald you rode ike a Kerne of Ireland,
your French HOSE off, and in your streight Strossers.

Hose and Slops were synonymous Terms, and used to signify the self-same Accoutrement.
Fl throw in one Instance more of our Author's being acquainted with the Word Slope
because the Passage is not to be found in the common Editions; but P11 restore it from an
old One in Quarto, (publish'd for Andrew Wise and William Aspley, in 1600) an Edition
which Mr. Pop never saw, or at least never collated. „

Mren Apo Agour NoTHixe, Page 516. |

There is no Appearance of Fancy in him, unlesi it be a Fancy that he hath
to strange Disguises, as to be a Dutchman zo day, a Frenchman to morrow;
or in the shape of two Countries at once, as a German from the
Waste downward, all SLOPS; and a Spaniard from the Hip upward,
no Doublet, Sc. | |

Exrxpariox; LVII. Merry Wives of WixDsSoR, Page 244
Fals. Sometimes the Beans of her Eye GUIDED my Foot, sometimes my portly
Belly. |

Falstaffe is here talking how Mrs. Page look'd upon him, and survey'd him all over, and examin'd

his Parts with very good 1 But how did her Eye guide his Foot? Sc. Certainly,

this can never mean, guided itself towards his Foot. Falstaffe seems to me here to

speak as a Man in Love, with much Complaisance; and as comparing his Mistress's Eye to

the Sun for Brightness, and for a Power of brightening the Object which it darted on: I
therefore question not but it should be corrected thus;

Sometimes the Beam of her Eye GUILDED my Foot, sometimes my portiy
Belly. |
It is a poetical Expression to say that her Eye, like the Sun, g:lded (or, guilded, as of old

they wrote it) what Part it shone upon; and I am the rather persuaded that my Correction is
right, from the immediate Reply of Pistol, which keeps up the Metaphor ;

Then did the Sux on Dungbill shine.

EMENDATION, LVII. Eid. Page 311. 5
8 Mrs. Ford. Mrs. Page is come with me, Sweet-heart.
Fall. Divide me like a BRIB'D buck, each a haunch.

I must confess, I don't understand the Meaning of a brib d Back: If I conceive the Author's
S-nse at all, it ought to be restor'd; | | Dinil
CH1IUVGE

The APPEN DI X.
Divide me like a BRIBE-Buck, each a Haunch.

5. e. as à Buck sent for a Bribe betwixt Lou. So it becomes a Term of Art, and a very
proper One; and it brings to my Mind what is recorded in Print concerning my Lord Chief
astice HALE; that when he went the Circuit, if any Gentleman, who had a Cause to come

betore him, sent him Venison, he constantly refused it, saying, -- It is a BRIBE-Buck, and
I'll have None of it. :

T5 . LEAR, Page 9.
Cordel. ————— Peace be with Burgundy,

Since that Respect AND Fortunes are his Love,
1 shall not be his Wife. |

The Duke of Burgundy had made his Addresses to Cordelia, and was to have her to Wife
with a Third Part of her Father's Kingdom in Dowry ; but her Father falling out with ad
disinheriting her, asks Bargundy if he will take her in that Condition, and dowerless: Bargundy

excusing himself, and that he cannot take her without the propos'd Portion, Cordelia
thus replies to his Refusal. But what does the Poet mean by Respect and Fortunes? What
Respect? If Lear would have bestowed the third Part of his Dominions, as he had contracted,
that was all the Respe& which Burgundy would have stood upon with her. I Would
willingly restore it with my Quarto Edition, publish'd in 1655, which 1 presume never came
to the Editor's View. |

Peace be with Burgundy!
Since that Respects OF Fortune are his Love,
I shall not be his MWife. |

7, e. since his profest Love and Addresses to Me, were only on Account of the Dowry
Which he hop'd to have with me.

LX. Ibid. Page 10. :
Time shall unfold what PLIGHTED Cunning hides.
There is no good Sense in this Epithet, plighted, here, and therefore there is Reason to suspect

it a Corruption. The Meaning of the Poet certainly is, that Time shall discover what
intricate, perplex'd, involv'd Cunning labours to conceal. It mult be restor'd therefore either thus;

Time fall unfold what * PLEACHED Canning hides.
i. e. twisted, intangled, &c. See Much Abo arouT Norhixe, Page 512; Axtoxy
and CLEOPATRa, Paige 402; and HENRY V. Page 489.

Or rather, | | +
— Time foall unfold what PLAITED Cunning hides. '

Each of the Terms answer the Idea required in this Place; bat prefer the latter, because
it signifies wrapt in Folds, and is more directly opposite in Sense to aufolaiug. The Word
might possibly, according to the old Spelling, be wrote thus, plazghted; and so the Mistake
arise by an easy Corruption of it into plrghted.
LXI. Ibid. Page 73.
2. World, world, O world, |
But that thy strange Mutations mnake us HATE thee,

Life would not yield to age.

This, I think, is as remarkable a Passage, as has at all fall'n under my Consideration, It has
Reither been suspected, nor attempted; tho', tis evident, it carries a flat Contradiction to
the Sentiment which the Poet would infer. If the Vicissitudes in the World make us haze

wc noe $S the

FMM DATON.

EMENDATION.

FMENDAT IO“.

Th The APPENDIX.

the World, is that a Reason why we should submit to live zo be ox - - I shonld rather have
thought it an Argument for the putting an End to a miserable Life. There is so flagrant a
Paradox in Sense, as the Text now stands, that, tho? all the Editions unhappily countenance
it, I conceive, Mr. Port might very safely have indulg'd his private Sense here. I communicated
my Obje&ions upon this Place (as I have upon many arg Fi my /ate ingenious
Friend Dr. SEWEL, (whom Death has since robbed me of, tho” his Merit will long out-live
these poor Sheets :) who gave me this Conjecture upon lt.

O World! World ! World!
But that thy strange Mutations make us BATE thee,
Life would not yield to Age. -=-

i. e. if the many Changes in Life did not induce us to abate from, and make Allowances for,
Some of the bad Casualties, we should never endure to live to old Age. |

This is excellent good Sense and Reasoning, and certainly comes very near to our Author's

Meaning. I have since ventur'd to try my own Strength upon the Passage; and the Doctor

was so complaisant to think my Conjecture less strain'd, and the more probable One. 1
suspect, the Poet wrote it thus; | |

— ---- O World! World! World!

But that thy strange Mutations make us WAITE Thee,
Life would not yield to Age.

5. e. if the Number of Changes and Vicissitudes, which happen in Life, did not make us
waite, and hope for some Turn of Fortune for the better, we could neyer support the Thought
of living to be old, on any other Terms.

LXII. First Part of K. HexRv IV. Page 223.

P. Hen. Did st thou ne ver see Titan kiss a Dish of butter? pitifull-hearted IAN,
5 that melted at the sweet Tale of the Sun? if. thou did'st, then behold that Coin-
Pound. 5 I |

EMENDATION,

This absurd Reading possesses all the Copies that have ever fallen in my Way; and tho' it
has pass'd thro' such a Number of Impressions, is Nonsense which we may pronounce to
have arisen at first, from the Inadvertence and Blunder of the Compositors to the why n
well known, Titan is one of the poctical Names of the Sun; but we have no Authority
from Fable for Titans melting away at his own sweet Tale, as Narcissus did at the Reflection
of his own sweet Form. The Poet's Meaning was certainly this: oy, Fete Falstaffe
enters in a great Heat, after having been robb'd by the Prince and Poines in isguise: And
the Prince, seeing him in such a Sweat, makes the following Simile upon Him: © Do but
ce look upon that Compound of Grease; - his Fat dripps away with the Violence of his
« Motion, just as Butter does with the Heat of the Sun-Beams darting full upon it.” Corred
therefore, as common Sense requires. | |

P. Hen. Did si Thou never see Titan kiss a Dish of Butter? Pitiful- bearted BUTTER
that melted at the sweet Tale of the Sun? - If Thou did'st, then behold
that Compound. Bp | f

Eurxparion, LXIII. Love's LABOUR Losr, Page 117.

These are Complements, these are Humourt, these betray nice Wenches that

would be betray'd without these, and make THEM men of Note: do you note
Men that most are affected to these? | |

The Speech here is a Description of the odd Altitudes and Affectations which Men in Love
assume, and thereby seduce young Girls into that Passion. But do these Affectations make
Menches Men of Note too? This is a Transformation, which, I dare say, the Poet never

— | | thought

Tn AFPENDLNX,

thought of. His Meaning is, as I conceive, that they not only inveigle the young Girls,
but make the Men taken Notice of, who affect them. Correct therefore;

————— and make * IHE MEN Men of Note: Do you note Men,
that are most affected jo These.

Or, the Men of Note,

This is not the only Passage of our Author, where, in the printed Copies, I have observ'd 25e
thro' Error to have usurp'd the Place of Men.

CouEDY oF ERRORS, Page 432.

Ant. Why :s Time such a Niggard of Hair, being, as it is, so plentiful an Excrement?
S. Dro. Because it is a Blessing that he beslows on Beasts; and what he hath seanted
1 THEM ö in hair, he hath given them in Mit. 0

Ant. I by, but there's many a Man bath more Hair than Wit.

Sure, this is an evident Paradox, and Contradiction in Sense. Can Hair be supposed a Blesling

that Time bestows on Beasts peculiarly, and yet that he hath scanted them of it too? Correct,
as the Context plainly requires ;

S8. Dro. Because it is a Blessing that he besi»ws on Beasts; and what he hath scauted MEN
in Hair, he hath given them in Wit.

Ant. Why, but there's Many a Man hath more Hair than Wit.

So there is a Passage in Hamlet, (tho' I have pass' d it over in my Examination of That
where I have always suspected, on the other hand, that Mez usurps the Place of thera.

HAMLET, Page 405.

Play,)

Oh, there be Players, that I have seen play, and heard Others praise, and that

highly, (not to speak it prophanely,) that neither having the Accent of Chris
tian, Pagan, or Man, have so strutted and bellowed, that I have thought
Some of Nature's Fourneymen had made MEN, and unt made them well,
they imitated Humanity so abominably. 0

What? Is Hamlet supposed to reason here, that, because he had seen a few very preposterous
Players, therefore he should think Nature's Journeymen had made all Mankind? for so Men
in this Place, without Some or zhose prefixed, must imply. No, those Players were so far

from appearing human Creatures, that he could scarce imagine them the Handy-Work of

Nature, but of Some of her clumsy Journeymen. If This be his Sense, might not the Poet
more probably have wrote? 7

that T have thought Some of Nature t Fourneymen had wade
THEM, aud not made them well, they imitated Humanity so abominably.
LXIV. Lid. Page 173. „ 5 8
An heavy Heart bears NOT an humble Tongue.

F rom the whole Tenour of this Speech of the Princess, who is fresh in Sorrow on Account

of her Father's Death, and who is making Apologies for any Thing that She may have said
too freely to the 11 'tis plain, this Sentiment is the direct Opposite to the Poet's Meaning.
Besides, it is true in Nature, that Heaviness of Heart, and any Oppression, always make us
humble and submissive. Correct, without Scruple; | |

An heavy Heart bears BUT an humble Tongue. |

The Mistake is easy upon these gies Prenent and may be found to have happen'd in several
other Passages of our Author. [I'll subjoin two or three Instances, in which I believe every
Body will agree with Me, that the fame Error possesses the printed Copies.

ALL'S
3 a f 7

Occasional

EMENDATION,

Occasronal _
EMENDATION,

EMENDATION»

1st Occasional
EMENDATION,

28 Occasional
EMENDATION

3d Occasional
EMENDATION,

EMENDATION,

FEXENDATION.

10 APPENDIX:
ALL's WELL THAT ENDS WELL, Page 439. 3
Men are ro mell with, Boys iy NOT 70 kiss. t
mell, from meler, to mingle, |
Here's a new Maxim obtruded upon Us, that Boys are not zo kiss. The Poet's Thought, I

am persuaded, goes further, vix. that Boys are fit only to kiss; Men to mingle with, an
give more substantial Pleasures. Correct it; , 8 h, and

Men are to mell with, Boys are BUT to kiss.

CoMEDY or ERRoRs, Page 440. =

Alas, poor Women, make us NOT believe
(Being compact of credit) that you love us;
Tho others have the Arm, shew us the Sleeve,
We in your Motion turn, and you may move us.

Nothing can be more plain than the Poet's Sense in this Passage. Women, says He, are so

easy of Faith, that only make them believe you love them, and they'll take the bare Prose(-
{in for the Substance. Correct it; | |

Alas, poor Women] make ns BUT believe, &c.

CYMBELINE, Page 217. -
Nay, do NOT wonder at it; yon are made
Rather to wonder at the Things you hear,
Than to work any.

Surely, this is such a Mock-Reasoning that it cannot be SHAKESPEARE'S, but in its Corruption.

What? because he was made fizter to wonder at great Actions, than to perform any,

is he therefore forbid to wonder? I think it is evident, to Demonstration, that common Sense
demands this Reading from the Poet. ; | 5 29 827

Nay, do BUT wonder at it ; You are made
Rather to wonder, c.

LXV. Ibid. Page 451.
A Fiend, a F AIRY, pitiless and rough,
A Walf, nay, worse, &c. |
Dromio here bringing Word in haste that his Master is arrested, describes the Bailiff by Names
proper to raise Horror and Detestation of such a Creature, such as, a Devil, a Fiend, a Wolf,
&c. But how does Fairy come up to these Ideas? Or with what Propriety can it be used here*
Does he mean, that a Bailiff is like a Fairy in stealing away his Master ? The truest Believers

of those little Phantoms never pretended to think that they stole any thing but Children.
Certainly, it will sort better in Sense with the other Names annexed, as well as with the

Character of a Catch-Pole, to conclude that the Poet wrote;
A Fiend, a FURY, pitiless and rough,
A Wolf, &c. 5 |

LXVI. Much Apo ABour NorTnixe, Page 4$0.
Ile set up his Bills here in Messina, and challeug'd Cupid at the flight ; and my

Uncle's Fool reading the Challenge, sulscrib'd for Cupid, and challeng'd bim at
zbe BURBOLT,

Thus

The AP PEN D IX. — 75

Thus the Copies, from the Quarto, publish'd in 1605, downwards, exhibit this Passuge. The
Editor certainly ought to have given us the Gg of Burbolt. it there be any such Word; bur
J apprehend it to be a Corruption. I take the Author's Meaning to be no more than this: Beedict

challenged Cupid to fly with him, and the Fool made Cxpid challenge Bened;
the Arrow with him. It mult theretore be reltored, l eee ig hook

———— aud challenged Him at the BIRD-BOLT; Cor, BUOT-BOLT .)

Arrows, being employ'd either to let fly at a Bird, or a Marl, were by our Author's Predeces.
sors call'd both Bird-Bolts, and Bat-Shafts, or Balts and He himself employs the Word: in
other Passages of his Plays. is

Love's Lanour Losr, Page 132.
King. Ay me! Ph | |
Biron. Shot, by Heaven. Proceed, sweet Cupid ; Thou hast thumpt him with thy
BIRD-BOLT ander the Left Pap,

TwWELETH-NIGHT, Page 479.

Zo be generous, guiltless, and of free Disposition, is to take those Things for BIRD-
BOLTS that you deem Cannon-Bullets.

Rouko and JULIET, Page 279.
Alas, poor Romeo, he is already dead! -- Stabb'd with a white Mench's Black Eye,
run thro) the Ear with a Love- Song, the very. Pin of his Heart cleft. with the .
blind Bow-Boy's BU T-SHAFT. . |

LXVII. Ibid. Page 494 ; | EMuENDAT ren,
Pedro. My Visor is Philemon' Roof ; within the House is LOVE.
Hero. MH'by then your Visor should be thatch'd, _.

I must own, this Passage has appeared very obscure to me, and given me much Trouble in
attempting to understand it. This is a Scene in which the Actors are Masqueraders ;. and. a
Pedro, the Prince of Arragon, fixing his Discourse on Hero, asks her whether she will walk

away With him? Yes, says She, when I like your Figure better; for, God forbid, the Lute
shouldbe like the Case: z. e. that your Face should be as homely and as coarse as your Masque..

Upon This, Pedro compares his Visor to Philemon's Roof. Tis plain, the Poet alludes to

the Story of Baxcis and Philemon, from Ov: And this old Couple, as that Roman Poet describes

it, liv'd in a zhazch'd Cottage;

FStipulis, & cannd tea palustri.

But why, within the House is Love? Baucis and Philemon, tis true, had liv'd'to Old-
Age together, in a comfortable State of Agreement : But Piety and Hospitality are the Top
Parts of their Character. Our Poet, if I am not mistaken, goes a little deeper into the Story,
Tho' this old Pair liv'd in a Cottage, this Cottage received two straggling * Gods under its
Roof. So, Pedro is a Prince; and tho' his Vitor is but ordinary, He would insinuate to
Hero, that he has something godlite within : Alluding either to his Dignity, or the Qualities
of his Person and Mind. By these Circumstances, 1 am sure, the Thought is mended : And
F have no Doubt, but the Poet's Text gught tobe so too. Read, therefore, with only cutting,
off the Tail of a single Letter; |

Pedro. My Visor is Philemon's Roof, within the House is JOVE.

Jupiter and. -
Mercury.

LXVIII.

EN DAT ION.

ME DATION,

The APPENDIX.
LXVIIL Arr's WELL THAT ENDS WELL. Page 422.

2d. Lord. He says, he has a Stratagem for't; when your Lordship sees the Bottom
of his Success in it, and to what Metal this counterfeit Lump of OURS will be
melted, if you give him not, &c.

Why, counterseit Lump of Ours? Tis true, Parolles, of whom they are speaking, was of
the same Side in the Wars as They; but yet those T'wo Monosyllables are of no UE nor add
a Grain of Elegance to the Sentence; so far from it, They rather clog than are necessary.
I do not therefore think, they are to be blotted out: But let us see whether by a slight Change,
they may not bear a Consonancy with the other Terms accompanying them, 224 Metal,

Lump, and melted;) and help the Propriety of the Poet's Thought. I am persuaded the
Poet wrote, as it ought to be corrected;

aud to what Metal this counterfeit Lump of OARE will be melted, &c.
For so one Metaphor is kept up, and all the Words are proper and suitable to it.
LXIX. The TEMPEST, Page 68.

On the Bat's Back I de fly

After SUMMER merrily.

Why, after Summer? -- I have always suspe&ed this Word, though the Editions concur in
the Reading. But is it true in Fad, that the Baz flies after Summer? * The

Upupa dormit Hyeme, sicut & Houp sleeps during the Winter, say the Naturalists, and sudoes the BAT too.

Vespertilio. Albert. Magn.
I Cibus ejus sunt Muscæ & Culices ;
uem nofte volans inquirit. Idem e

linio.

Again, Flies and Gnats are the favourite Food of the BAT, which he
procures by flying about in the Night. But this is a Diet, which, I presume,
he can only come at in the Sammer Season. Another ObseryamY

„„ > + tion has been made, that + when BATS fly either earlier, or in greater
RA ret —_— Number, than usual, it is a Sign the next Day will be Hor and serexe.
n -Serababony postridis fore. This Prognostick likewise only suits with Sammer. In short, I am very

Gratarolus apud Gelner. de Avibus. apt to think the Paslage is corrupt, and was not designed to have any Al-

EMEN DAT ION.

lusion to the Season of the Year, but rather the Hour at which Bats are
accustom'd to fly. The Bat was call'd Vespertilio, say the Erymologists, by the Latines; (as

it was, vue, by the Greeks;) because this Bird is not visible by Day, but appears first about

the Twilight of the Evening, and {5 continues to fly about during the dark Hours. From
the Custom and Nature of this Bird therefore, it seems to me that It ought to be correc-

On the Bat Back I do HWV
After SUN-SET merrily.

LXX. Tons of the SRE, Page 275. _ Fo
Host. I know my Remedy; I must go fetch the AEAD-BOROUGH.

Sly. Third, or fourth, or fifth Borough, P'll answer him by Law, I'll not budge an Inch,
Boy; &c. 5 | 1”

I think, I may with Modesty affirm, either that Mr. Popk never revised this Passage ; or, it he
did, that He did not understand it. The Corruption has pass'd down thro? all the Copies; and

None of the Editors have pretended to guess at the Poet's Conceit. What a sirange insipid,
unmeaning Reply does Sly make to his Hostess! How do third, or fourth, or fist Borough
relate to Headborough? The Author intended but a poor Wirticism ; and even That is loft.

The Hostes would say, that She'll fetch a Constable : But that Headborough was not SHAKE-

SPEARE's Expreflion, I dare warrant; and doubt not but the Readers will be of my Mind too.
I am assur'd, the Passage came from our Poet's Pen thus;

Holt.

The AP P E N DI X.

Host. 1 know my Remedy; I must go fetch the THIRD-BOROUGH.
Sly. Third, or fourth, or fifth Borongh, I'll answer hin by Law, &c.

Who does not perceive, at a single Glance, some Conceit started by this certain Correction?
There is an Attempt at Wit, tolerable enough for a Tinker, and one drunk too. But what
is Thirdborough? * The GLOSSARIES tell us, that it was an old Saxon Term for Constable ;
and that Head-Borough was also calPa Borough- Head, Bursholder, Third-Borough T yrhing-
Man, &c. To This, if we look into our own Satute- B ooks, no farther back than the 28th
Year of K. Henry VIII. (Cap. 10.) and not quite Thirty Years before the Birth of SHAKE
SPEARE, we shall there find Third-Borongh used for a Constable.

I have no Doubt but the Use of the Word continued currently in People's Mouths in our
Author's Lime; and I have this Reason for thinking so, because He uses it himself in another

of his Plays, which he would hardly have chose to do, if it had been altogether antiquated
and laid aside. e

Love's LABOUR Losr, Page 99. | |
Dull. I ay self reprehend his own Person, for I am his Grace's THARBOROUGH.

We know very well that Dull, in this Play, represents the Character of a Constable: And
there is no Question but Thirdboroxgh is the very Word intended here: Tis probable, indeed,
that the Author humourously makes Dull knock the Word out of Joint, and purposely say
Tharborough for Thirdborougb, as he likewise makes him say reprebend for represent. Our

Poet very frequently plays with this Custom of the Vulgar, of frightiug English out of its Wits,

as he calls it in his Merry Wives of W1NDSOR.
LXXI. K. Lear, Page 12.
Well, my Legitimate, if this Letter speed,

And my Invention thrive, Edmund the base
Shall TO thb' legitimate ----=-

I see no Reason in the World for the Brea here, and leaving the Sense imperfect. I rather
think the Poet wrote it. PE,

Shall BE 7b legitimate.

z. e. shall quite supplant his Brother out of his Father's Affe tions, and stand himself in the
Degree of his lawtul Heir. 5 | Ts

LXXII. Vid. Page 73.

—— — Full oft *tis seen |
Our MEAN SECURES zs, and our meer Defect;

Prove our Commodities. |

I have already, in Page 37, quoted this Passage as one Authority of the Poet's making Use
of Adiectives substantively: But, I must own, I suspect the Reading not genuine. *I is certain,
tis good Sense to say that our Mean Fortunes may be a Security to us, and our I¹⁰

EMENDATION»

F:MEXDATION,

an Advantage: ut, I am sure, the Contrast both in Sense and Terms will be much stronger,
and the Variation not so great to startle us, if we ma) suppose, that our Author's Sentiment

was This;

Third-Borough, Thrid- Borough. Thrit Borough, Thri- Borough, or, more corruptealy, Thra, Borough, ts
a Constable or such like Officer in the Third Part of any County, or Shire, so divided, or canton d. — Head-

Bb 5 e Fall

Borough (quass Primus inter Pares) is the Foreman only of such Constable, &c. See LauBERT's Ex plication of

Saxon Terms, and Dr. CoweL's Interpreter of Law Terms, in Constable, Head- Borough, Third- Borough, &c.

N The APPENDIX,

== <=» -- Full oft "tis seen, _
Our MEANS ENSNARE us, and our meer Defects

Prove our Commodities.

Eurdsbarlox, LXXIII. K. RicnarD II. Page 128.

North. Aud yet OUR fair Discourse has been as Sugar,
Making the hard Way sweet and delectable.

By the whole Tenour of Nortbumberland's Speech here, tis plain, that he is in no Part paying
any Compliment to his own Discourse, but to the Pleasures and Advantages which he
deriv'd from the Society and Conversation of Bol:ugbroke, which sweeten'd and made short
the Fatigue of a very rough Road. I dare say therefore the Poet wrote;

And yet YOUR fair Discourse hath been as Sugar,
Making, &c.

Eüttxp ATi. LXXIV. The First Part of K. HENRY IV. Page 266.
suffer'd bis Kinsman March
(Ibo is, if ev'ry Owner were right plac'd, |
Indeed, his King ;) to be ENGAG'D ia Wales,
There, without Ransom, to lie forfeited.

i think the Term, exgaged, is very much to be suspected here; for as it cannot signify inpauned,
it has no Consonancy, nor Agreement in Sense, with Hing forfeited without Rausu;n.
The Truth of the History was this, Mortimer Earl of March was taken Prisoner, and clo\:-
iy confin'd in Wales by Owen Glendower : Many Sollicitations were made to K. Hemy for
redeeming him, but he would never listen to it, suspecting Mortimer of Treason; and so he
continued to be a close Prisoner, till he found his Releasement by the Means of the Piercy;
Rebellion. Correct therefore, to correspond both with Sense and History, _ hs

i be ENCAG'D is Wales, 5
There without Ransom to lie forfeited.

ME LXXV. K. Henry V. Page 440.
MEND. R | |
3 High Dakes, great Princes, Barons, Lords and KINGS.
The French King is speaking here to the Great Lords of his Court, and Army, in all thes:
pompous Titles. But why, Kings: There was not one King amongst them besides the Speaker.
Tho' this Error runs thro' all the Copies, correct it, |

High Dukes, great Princes, Barons, Lords, aud KNIGHTS.

When the Battle is over, and we come to have an Account of the Loss on the Freuch Side,

we find that they had 300 Knights dubb'd but the Day before the Battle: And that in the

10000 Men, which they lost, there were but 1600 who fought for Pay. The rest, as the
Poet tells us, Page 481. were |

Princes, Barons, Lords, KNIGHT'S, Squires,
And Gentlemen of Blood and Quality.

LXXVI

The APPENDIX,

LXXVI. The First Part of K. HxxRI VI. Page 66,

I dare presume, sweet Prince, he thought no H
York. And if I'WISH he 1 ght uo Harm.

re again a Break i 7 33
i K is made without Occasion, and the Text is likewise slightly corrupted.

Furndation.

And if I'WIS, he aid.

1. e. if I think right, or know an
wist, (from the SAXON, wistan,

y Thing of the Matter, he did think Harm. To wis, and
Cognoscere) is a Word frequent both with Cyaucis and

LXXVII. Second Part of K. Hexngy VI. Page 123.
Come, come, my Lords,
These Oracles are HARDLY attain'd,
And hardly understood.

Furxvarion,

This is Part of a degraded Passage, which Mr. Popx thinks to be an unnecessa
lam very free to own, as it is here, and in all the preceding Editions, exhibited, it seems to
have {0 little Meanin , that it is very unworthy of our Author. But if by a very Night, yet
certain, Alteration, I can both give it a Meaning, and a fine Sentiment; it may be worth
while to restore the Poet his own Text. The Case is this: Eleanor, Dutchess of Gloxcester
resorting to Conjurers and Wizards to be resolv'd of the Fate of the King and several of the
Court, is caught in the Fact by the Dukes of York and Buckingham; the P
hended, and their Papers seized, York says hell see the Devil's Writ; and reading over the
Answers which the Wizards had given, and finding *em intricate and ambiguous, he makes
this general Comment upon such Sort of Intelligence. But how are These Oracles hardly atzained?
Tis plain, they were actually attained, and taken down in Writing; or the Discoverers
could never have come to the Knowledge of them. Not only the Sense, but the Verse,

labours, with the Corruption of this Passage : And I have not the least Doubt but they are
both to be restor'd thus with the greatest Certainty. | |

ry Repetition.

arties being appre-

These Oracles are HARDILY attain' d,
And hardly anderstood.

i. e. A great Risque and Hazard is run to obtain them, v1. going to the Devil for them, as

etwas pretended and supposed: And likewise the incurring severe Penalties by the Statute-Law

against such Practices: And yet after these hardy Steps taken, the Informations are so perplex'd
that they are hardly to be understood. FO |

LXXVIII. The Third Part of K. HEX RT VI. Page 229, 30. | EEx DATiox.
T bat Face of bis, | |

The hungry Canibals would not have touch'd,
Would not have staiu'd the Roses JUST with Plood, &c.

J cannot but suspect this to be a Corruption. What can the Word just import here? Does
the Poet mean, that the Carfibals would not have just stain'd the Roles in his Cheeks with
Blood, 5. e. would not so much as have fetch'd Blood of him? Besides, that the Position of

the Words is forc'd, I believe, SHAKESPEARE had another Thought, and that we ought to
read the Passage; |

Would not have stain'd the Rises JUIC'D with Blood,
B b 2 wn 1. e.

EMENDATION.

EMEkNDATION.

EMENDATION,

ExExDATION,

The A'PP'ENDIX.
7. e, would not have spilt that Blood, whose Juices shone thro' his young Cheeks, dright as
the Vermilion Dye in Roses. | pos |
LXXIX. k. RicnaxD III. Page 366.
Death makes no Conquest of HIS Conqueror ;

For now he lives in Fame, tho" wot in Life.

The Poet is here speaking of Julius Cesar, of immortal Memory. But, methinks, it is no
very notable Sentiment, that Death does not conquer That which conquers Him: It would
be very extraordinary indeed, if He did. I can scarce think so exceptionable an Expression
dtopt from our Poet, but rather that he wrote it thus; |

Death makes no C onguest of THIS Conqueror;
For now he lives in Fame, tho not iu Life.
LXXX. K. HENRY VIII. Page 458.

They' ve all new Legs, and lame ones; one would take it,
(That never saw em pace before,) the Spavin
Aud SPRING-HALT reign'd among em

The Editor has taken this Word upon Content from the preceding Editions, but it must be

corrected; |

————g the Han
And STRING-HALT reign'd among em.

The String-Halt is a Distemper in Horses, which by a sudden Twitching up of the hinder |

Leg, makes them go lame.

LXXXI. Timon of ATHENs, Page 8.
Net you do well TD =
To shew Lord Timon, that MEAN Eyes have seen
The Foot above the Head.

Why, mean Eyes, more than the Eyes of Persons of Fgare? The Painter, I presume, here,
had no Design of affronting the Poet by calling him either one of mean Rank, or mean Observation.
fe will, certainly, be more intelligible to write it thus;

3 ee e wed
To fshew Lord Timon, that MENS Eyes have seen
The Foot above the Head. | |

LXXXII CoRIOLANUS, Page 148.
Coriol. ö Shall!
0 GOD! ---- bat most unwise Patricians; why,

You grave, but wreakless Senators, have you thus

Given Hydra here to chuse an Officer, &c.

After this Fxclamation, methinks, tis very odd to continue the Sentence with such a disjunctive

Bat: Besides, as the Text now stands, there seems that Contrast of Terms wanting,
and broken off, which appears intended in this Passage by the next immediate Line. As the
Addition of a single Letter restores us this Beaaty, 1 make no Doubt but the Passage ought

to be restor'd ; etc
oriol.

Coriol |
_ © GOOD, but most unwise, Patricians, why,
You grave, but wreakless, Senators, have you thus, &c.

LXXXIII. Lid. Page 167.

——— Consider further,
That when he speaks not like a Citizen,
You find him like a Soldier; do not take
His rougher ACTIONS for malicious Sounds ;
But, as 1 say, such as become a Soldier.

I have no Manner of Apprehension how a Man's Actions can be mistaken for JYords. If I
were to do a sawcy Thing in Company to any One, I should think it very extraordinary, if
he told me, Sir, you give me very impudent Language. There seems to. me a manifest Corruption

in the Text, thro' all the -Opies; and that, for the fake of common Sense, it ought
to be corrected thus; |

— —— Do not take
His rougher ACCENTS for malicious Sound, &c.
LXXXIV. 1bid. Page 200.

Coriol. --------- You Gods I PRAY,
And the most noble Mother of the World
Leave unsaluted. 55

1 dare say, an old Corruption has posless'd this Passage, for two Reasons. In the first Place,

whoever consults this Speech, will find, that he is talking fondly to his Wife, and not praying

to the Gods at all: Szcoxdly, if he were employ'd in his Devotions, no Apology would

be wanting for leaving his Mother unsaluted. The Poet's Intention was certainly this; Coriolanus,
having been lavish in his Tendernesses and Raptures to his Wife, bethinks himself on
the sudden, that his Fondness to her had made him guilty of ill Manners in the Neglect ot
his Mother. Restore, as it certainly ought to be; |

———— --- You Gods! I PRATE,
And the most noble Mother of the World
Leave unsaluted.

Mr. DENNIS, (than whom, in my Opinion, no Man in England better underitand s SHAKE-
SPEARE) in his Alteration of this Play, whether he made the same Correction which I now
do, certainly understood the Passage exactly with me: An undeniable Proof of this, is an
Appeal to the Change in Expression which he has put upon it.

But Oh] ye Goas, while fondly thus I talk,
See, the most noble Mother of the World
Stands unsaluted. 8

E question not, but his Reason for varying the Expression, was, because praze is a Term illsounding
in it self, and mean in its Acceptation. Our Language was not 10 resin'd, tho* more
masculine, in Shakespeare's Days; and therefore (notwithstanding the hie] when he is most

serious, he frequently makes Use of the Word. But four Pages afterwards in this very Play
We again meet with it.

EMENDATIOW,

EMENDA TTR.

182 The APPENDIX:

3 yet here he lets me prate

Like one ith Storks,

K. Jonx, Page 166. TR 3
If T talk to him, with his innocent Prate
He will awake my Mercy.

HAMLET, Page 458. | |
And if Thou prate of Mountains, let them throw
Millions of Acres on Us.

Nor is it infrequent with him to employ the Diminutive of this Term.

The Tewrest, Page 43. |
Mir. But Iprattle |
Something too wildly, and my Father's precepts
1 40 forget. |

MEASURE for MEASURE, Page 401. 5 5
Duke. Silence that fellow; ----=-- I would he had some Cause to prattle for himself.

OTHELLoO, Page 506.
O my Sweet, __
I prattle out of Fashion, and I dote
In mine own Comfort.

Eu NATION: LXXXV. bid. Page 210. 3
1 Auf. Serv'd his Desiguments
In my own Person; HOP'D :0 reap the Fame
Which he did make all his; and took some Pride
To do my self this Irong. |

How could Aufidius hope to reap that Fame, which Coriolanus made all his own, if he took
a Pride in doing himself that Wrong? This was never the Poet's Meaning. Azfidias is angry
that Coriolanus over-top'd him so far, as to bear away the whole Glory, which the other
reasonably expected to share in, having contributed all the Assistances in his Power towards
acquiring it in Partnership. Suitable to the Complaint of Aufidius, notwithstanding all the
Copies concur in the Error, I have no Doubt but the Text ought to be restor'd, |

——— Servꝰd his Designments e
In my own Person; * HOL PE to reap the Fame, &c.
Sie . 5

LXXXVI. JuLivs Czsar, Page 249.
Cæsar should be a Beast without a Heart,
If he should slay at home to day for fear.

No, Cæsar shall not; Danger knows full well,
That Cæsar is more dangerous than lle.
WE HEARD zwo Lions litter d in one day,
And l, the elder, and more terrible; | |
And Caesar shall go forth. | All

iEMENDATION,

The AP PEN D IX.

All the Lines from the Asterisk are degraded by Mr, Pops ; part! I suppose, for the Reawy
da many pe x Ns 3 8 * Degradations; burchiefly, believe, decause he did not
understand them. Opies, indeed, are all corrupt; Pasl: Zourse, -
sense and unintelligible, till we look ne rape + a06 he © allags, of Course, Non

nearer, and see thro' the Disgui
a flight Alteration will restore Sense t e Disguise of the bad Text. But

o the Whole; and then the Sentiment will neither be
unworthy of SHAKESPEARE, nor the Boast too

Tn absurd for Cesar in a Vein of Vanity to utter.
1 dare warrant, This was the genuine Reading of our Author ;

——— Danger knows full well
That Cæsar is more dangerous than He.

WE WERE #two Lions litter'd in one Day,
And I the Elder and more terrible; &c.

e. Cesar and Danger were Twin- helps of a Lion, and Cejar the Elder, and more terrible
of the I wo. | | |

LXXXVII. ANToxy and CLEoraTtRaA, Page 318.

——— My more Particular, = |
And That which most with You should SAVE my Going,
1s Fulvia's death. |

Antony \s giving several Reasons to Cleopatra, which make his Departure from Ag. absolurely

neceslary ; most of them Reasons of State; but the Death of Fulvia, his Wife, was

a particular and private Call, which demanded his Presence in Italy. But the Poet's Text, I
find, in all the printed Copies, would rather make us believe that Flvia's Death should prevent,
or save him the I rouble of going. The Text in this Respect, I dare engage, runs
counter to its Master's Meaning. Cleopatra is jealous of Antony's Absence, and suspicious
that he is secking Colours for his Going: Antony replies to her Doubts, with the Reasons that
obliged him to be gone for a Time; and tells her that, as his Wife Fulvia is dead, and so
She has no Rival to be jealous of, that Circumstance snould be his best Plea and Excuse, and

have the greatest Weight with her for his Going. Who does not see now, that it onght to
be read? | 1 5 e :

My more Particular,
Aud that which most with you should SALVE my Going,
I Fulvia's Death. 5

ILXXXVIII. Ibid. Page 321 ;
OO —— This common Body,
Like to a vagabond Flag upon the Stream,

Goes to, and back, LASHING the varying Tide,
To rot it self with Motion.

How can a Flag, or Rush, floating upon a Stream, and that has no Motion but what the

Fluctuation of the Water gives it, be said to /afþ the Tide? This is making a Scourge of a

weak ineffective Flag, and giving it an active Violence in its own Power. I don't know

whether the Editor has adopted this Reading from any Authorities, or it be One of his own

ConjeQure ; the Generality of the Editions have it LACKING : 'Tis true, there is no Sense in

that Reading; and yet the Addition of a single Letter will not only give us good Sense, but,
I dare promise, the genuine Word of our Author into the Bargain. Correct,

Goes to and back, LACKYING the varying Tide,
To rot it self with Motions |

EMENDATION.

EMENDATION,

e. floating backwards and forwards with the Variation of the Tide, like a Page, or Lackey at
his Master's Heels, The Edition which I have above made mention of (in Page 138.) with Marginal
Corrections in Manuscript, concurs with Me in this Reading: As I have had the Pleasure
to find several more of my Emendations authoriz'd by the Conjectures there inserted.

Lntxparion, LXXXIX. Ibid. Page 327.

—— ——— But let us rear
The higher our Opinion, that our Stiring
Can from the Lap of Agypt's Widow pluck
The NEAR I«st-wearied Antony.

S-x:us Pompeius, upon Hearing that Antony is every Hour 1 in Rome, does not much
relish the News: He is twice the Soldier (says He) that Octavius and Lepidus are; and I
did not think the petty War which I am raising would rouse him from his Amours in Mgypr.
But why should Pompey hold a higher Opinion of his own Expedition, because it awak'd
Antony to Arms, who was almost weary and surfeited of lascivious Pleasures ? The Copies
are all defective, and the Editor follows them implicitly. Correct it, |

—————— but let us rear
The higher our Opinion, that our Stiring
Can from the Lap of Agypt's Widow pluck
The NE'ER - Iast-wearied Antony.

e. if Antony, tho' never tir'd of Luxury, yet mov'd from that Charm upon Pompey's
Stiring, it was Reason for Pompey to pride himself upon being of such Consequence.

Evtxpation, XC. Ibid. Page 394.
Behold this Man,

5 Commend unto his Lips thy SAVOURING Hand;

Kiss it, my Warriour : he hath fought to day, |

As if a God in Hate of Mankiad had

Destroy d in such a Shape. |
Antony here recommends one of his Captains, who had fought valiantly, to Cleopatra; and desires
he may have the Ince of kifling her Hand. But why, sarouring hand ? --- Antony did
not want his Captain so grow in Loye with his Mistress, on Account of the Flayour and

Lusciousness of her Hand; but only to have a Reward of Honour from the Queen for his good
Service. Tho' all the Copies join in this Reading, I much rather believe the Poet's Word was,

Commend unto his Lips thy FAV OURING hand ; $

X Cl. Titus AxpRONicus, Page 496. | .
How if that Fly had a Father, and Mother ?
Tow would he hang his slender gilded Wings,
And bu lamenting DOINGS in the Air?

EMENDATION,

To bur lamenting Doings can certainly neither be Exglisb, nor an Expression of SHAKESPEARE 3;
nor does it convey any satisfactory Image. It is one of the Manuscript Conjectures, (in the
Margin of that Edition which I but a little above took Notice of,) that we ought to read here,
as I think there is no Dispute but we ought. | |

And buz lamenting DRONINGS ia the Air.

This Word representing that heavy, sleepy Noise, made by the F, Chaser, Bee, &c.
XCII

The APPENDIX,

XCII. 1bid. Page 485.
Ne ubite-LIMBE'D Wall,, ye Ale. honse painted Sigus,

Thus the old Qzarto in 1611, the second Flio Edition, and all the subsequent Copies that J
have seen, read with Mr. Pops; but the Poct's Epithet is slightly corrupted. Restore it.

Ye white-LIMED Malls, -

It carries a Reproach to a Man, who makes a fine Appearance outward, and has no Virtues,
or Bravery, within to set him off;

Introrsum turpem, speciosum pelle decord,

As HoRACE calls it. The Term in our Author comes up exactly to the reel, one used by
St. Paul against Anantas, * ToTye nexonapeve, Dealbate Paries; which our Translation has

render'd, Thou whited Wall.
XCIII. MachErn, Page $54. |
Ie have SCORCH'D the Snake, not kild it..
She'll close, and be herself; - -

EMkEN DATON.

EMENDATION,

This is a Passage which has all along pass'd current thro? the Editions, and likewise upon the

Stage; and yet, I dare affirm, is not our Author's Reading. What has a Snake, clo/ing again,
to do With its being scorch'd? Scorching would never either separate, or dilate, its Parts;
but rather make them instantly contract and sprivel. SHAKESPEARE, I am very well persuaded,
had this Notion in his Head, (which how true in Fact, I will not pretend to determine,) that
if you cut a Serpent, or Worm asunder, in several Pieces, there is such an unctious Quality
in their Blood, that the dismember'd Parts, being only plac'd near enough to touch one another,
will cement and become as whole as before the Injury receiv'd. he Application of
this Thought is to Dancan, the murther'd King, and his surviving Sons: Macbeth considers
them so much as Members of the Father, that tho' he bas cut off the old Man, he would

say, he has not entirely kill'd him; but he'll cement and close again in the Lives of his Sons,

to the Danger of Macbeth. If I am not deceiv'd therefore, our Poet certainly wrote
thus; | | |

e have SCOTCH'D he Snake, not RIP it..
She'll close, and be her self; ----=

To scotch, however the Generality of our Dictionaries happen to omit the Word, signifies to

note h, slash, cut with Twigs, Sword, Sc. and so SHAKESPEARE more than once has used
it in his Works. | | | |

So CORIOLANUS, Page 182.

He was too hard for him directly, to say the Troth on't : Before Corioli, he SCOTCH'D

him, and notch'd him, like a Carbonado.

And so again, ANToxy and CLEOPAFTRA, Page 393.
We'll beat them into Bench-Holes, I have yer
Room for fix SCOT CHES more. 5

To shew how little we ought to trust implicitly to Dictionaries for Etymologies, we need no
better Proof than from BALLY in his Explication of the Term, SCOTCH-Collops; he tells us,

Ce. that

x Sa — TOES: a—._— T_T ER _ = -— — 8 Aer oct cre ih *
— —2— — — . 5 — AR SW ern 8 Þ — — r — = NG EO DD mg on vor or roo — 0

- 1 nl he ——U— r rer Me Am EEAERIS 1

EMENDATION»

The APPENDIX.
that it means Slices of Veal fry'd after the Scotch Manner: But, besides that that Nation are
not over famous for the Elegance of their Cookery, it is more natural, and I dare say more

true, to allow that it ought to be wrote 5 COT CHT-Collops, 2. e. Collops, or Slices
slasbd cross and cross, before they are put on the Coals. Sed hæc obreer.

XCIV. bid. Page 561.

————— Be alive again,
Aud dare me to the Desart with thy Sword;
If trembling I INHIBIT, ther protest me
The Baby of a Girl. |

All the Editions before Mr. PopzE's, that I have seen, read, If trembhug I inhabit, which is

unsufferable Nonsense. I don't know whether the Editor's Reading-be from any Authority,

or his own Conjecture; but I am afraid it is not hong. There cannot be brought a Passage
to shew that Inhibeo is ever used by the Latines as a Neuter or Deponent Verb, but always actirely:
And so with us, to iabibit, always signifies, to restrain, stop, some Thing elle; never,
to desist, renege, &c. If therefore iabibit, be the Poet's Word here, (which I am not absolutely
satisfied about,) we must correct his Text thus;

If Trembling ME inhibit, then protest me

1. e. If the Passion of Trembling, the Influence of Fear upon my Nerves, prevent me from

following Thee, &.

EM ND ATION.

FM EDATION,

XCV. Ibid. Page 562. 5
There is not ONE of Them, but in his House
I keep a Servant feed.

One of Whom? --- Macbeth has just said, that he heard Macdusf meant to disobey his Summons,
and not come to Court: And he would immediately subjoin, that there is not a Man
of Macduff*'s Quality in the Kingdom, but he has a Spy under his Roof. This is understood,
not express'd, as the Text now stands. For this Reason, and because there's a various
Reading in the second Folio Edition, I am apt to think there's a flight Corruption in this Passage.
That Copy exhibits it to Us thus; RD |

There's not a A ONE of them.

Here we again meet with a Deprav'd Reading; but it is such a One as will help us to
the Poet's rue Words, Correct, as it certainly ought to be restor'd,

There's not A THANE of them, ----

i. e. a Nobleman: And so the Peers of Scotland were all call'd, till Earls were created by
Malcolme the Son of Duncan. c =

XCVI, Ibid. Page 570.

Who can impress the Forest, bid the Tree

Unfiæ his earth-bound Noot? Sweet Badements! Good!
Rebellious DEAD rise never, till the Mood ee

Of Birnam rise, ---- En pg

Thus all the Impressions, from the very Beginning, exhibit this Passage ; but I cannot imagine
what Notion the Editors could have of the Dead being rebellious. It looks to Me, as if
they were content to believe the Poet genuine, wherever he was mysterious beyond being understood.
The Emendation of one Letter will give us clear Sense, and the very Thing
which Macbeth should be suppos'd to say here. Restore it. |

Rebellions

The APPENDIX) ©

Rebellious HEAD ise never, zill the Wood
Of Birnam rise, |

Or, Rebellion's Head.

i. e. Let Rebellion never make Head against me, till a Forest move, and I shall reign long

enough in Safety. Shakespeare very frequently uses the Word Head in this Manner, of which
III subjoin an Example, or two. 8

First Part of K. HExRTY IV. Page 249.

—— Douglas, and the English REBELS mes
25 Eleventh of this Month, at Shrewsbury.

A mighty and a fearful HEAD they are, &c.

Second Part of K. HExRT IV. Page 307. |
For his Divisions, as the Times do brawl,
Are in three HEADS; one Pow'r against the French, &c.

CoRIOLANUS, Page 132. |

When Tarquin made a HEAD for Rome, he fought
Beyond the Mark of Others. TE.

XCVII. Prologue io TROILUS and CRESSIDA.

————— Priam's /ix-gated City,
Dardan, aud Timbria, Helias, Chetas, Troien,
And Antenoridas, with massy Staples,
And corresponsive and fulfilling Bolts,
STIR zp the Sons of Troy.

T have no Notion, in what Sense a City, having fix strong Gates, and those well barr'd and
bolted, can be said to stir up its Inhabitants: Unless that they may be suppos'd to derive some
Spirit from the Strength of their Fortifications. But I do not take this to be the Poet's
Thought. The second Folio Edition reads it thus; |

STIRRE mp the Sons of Troy.

This odd Manner of Spelling the Word both gave me a Suspicion of the Place being corrupt,
and administer'd to my Conjecture for Rory it. The Author, I take it, means no more
than This ; that the Greeks have pitch'd their T ents upon the Plains before Troy; and that the
Trojans are securely barricaded within the Walls of their City. I have no Doubt therefore
but we ought to read; OW

SPERRE up the Sons of Troy.

For, to sperre, or spar, (from the old Teutonic Word, sperren,) signifies to hut up, defend

by Bars, &c. And in this very Sense I remember CHAUcER uses the Term in the fifth Book
of his Troilus and Cressida. 1 e

Fr when be saw her Doores sperred all,
Well nigh for Sorrow *adown he gan to fall.

Cc 2 5 I little

— , —— — me aty—oggnge ones — — —— — —̃ A

EMENDATION,

Occasional
EMENDATION.

of VirelL, informs us from

The APPEN DI X.
I little suspected, when I first quoted the above Passage, that it would have afforded Matter
for further Correction: But I find that even in the Names of Troy's Gates we meet with
Some of them, that are no where else to be met with. I don't remember, indeed, that either
Dichmus, Enstathins, Spondanns, or any of the more modern Commentators upon Homer,

furnish us with a List of their Names: If they had, I doubt not but the Editor would
have set them right from those Authorities ; Not even the laborious Commentator upon Lycophron,

where we might have expected it, has touch'd this Matter. I am aware, that in Hemer the

S:eay and Dardauian Gates are said to be one and the same; and so the x Gates would be
reduc'd to five. Butnotwithstanding This, they are enumerated as our Poet meant to set them out:
The late Learned Sir Edward Sherbarn in his Notes upon the Troades of SENECA, Page 324. tells
us, that Troy had fix Gates, viz. the Antenorian, he Dardanian, the Ilian, the Catumbrian,
zhe Trojan, and the Scæan. He quotes us no Authority for this, but I believe Ican trace him
in the Account. For CERDA, upon the six hundred and twelfth Verse of the second Amneid

Dares Phrygius ; --- Trojans urbis portas sex enumerat Dares ;
Antenoriden, Dardaniam, Iliam, Sczam, Catumbriam, Trojanam. Here again, if I am
not mistaken, we meet with fresh Corruption. Catumbrià is a very odd Word; and, I am well
satisfied, a deprav'd One. We are to know, there was near Old Troy, a Plain call'd Thymbra;
a River, that run through it, call'd Tymbrius; and a Temple to Apollo Thymbreas. The
Gate, that we are speaking of, was probably describ'd in the Greek Author to be «alz ©vyuero,
the Gate that fac'd the aforesaid Plain and River: And from thence, as I suspect, by the Negligence
or Ignorance of the Transcriber, the Words were join'd and corrupted into. Catumbria.
The correcter Editions of Dares Phrygius, I know, neither read as Sir Edward

Sherbarn, nor as Cerda upon Virgil e. us the Passage, but thus; Ilio porzas fecit (scil. Pri-

EMENDATION,

EMENDATION,

amus ;) quarum Nomina hec sunt, Antenoride, Dardaniz, lliz, Sczz, Thymbrze, Trojanz.

doubt not but the Author ought to be corrected by this Authority; :

Priam's Six Gates © City,
Dardania, TyyMBRIA, Ilia, Scza, Troien,
And Antenorides, with massy Staples
Aud corresponsive and fullsilling Bolts,
Sperre up the Sons of Troy.

XCVIII. Tous and CRESSIDA, Page 11. _
Aud like as there were Husbaudry in Mar,
Before the Sun rose, he was harness LIGHT,
Aud to the Field goes He © ===

Why, harnest /:ghz ? Does the Poet mean that Hector had put on Ig Armour? Or that he
was sprightly in his Arms, even before Sunrise ? Or is a Conundrum aim'd at in, Sun rose, and
harnest Ig A very flight Alteration makes all these Constructions unneceslary ; and gives
us the Poet's Meaning in the properest Terms imaginable, I am inclin'd to think he
wrote; 5

Before the Sun rose, He was Harness-DIGHT, c.

1 +. compleatly drest, accoutred in Arms. It is frequent with. our Poet, from his Masters.
CHAUCER and SPENSER, to say dight for dech d, pight for pitch'd, c. 5

XCIX. 1bid. Page 42.

® Vid. suprà ad. v Paris, and Troilus, Da have Both said well,

AND oz the Canse and Question now in Han
Have glosid, but superficially. --- lf =,
I can never think that the Poet express'd himself thus: 'Tis absurd to say, that People have

talked well, and yet but. saperficially at the same Time. I am persuaded (as above in Page 66.)
the Copulatixe is here miltakenly put for the Digunctive; and that we ought to restore it;

Paris

The APP E N DI X.

Paris and Troilus, you have Both said well,
BUT oz the Canse and Question now in hand
Have glos#d but superficially.

z, e. You have argued very well in the general, but have gloss'd too superficially u
particular Question in Debate. N * — peracially upon the

C. CYMBELINE, Page 178.

and I grieve Myself
To think, when Thou shalt be DIS-EDG'D % Her
Whom now Thon tir'ft on, &c. |

Notwithstanding the Autithesis that there is betwixt dis-ede'd and tirest on, yet, methinks, too
gross an Image is convey'd tor so refery*d and modest a Princess as [moges. I would suppose

that our Poet wrote, with a very small Variation ;

aud T grieve Myself |
To think, when Thou shalt be DIS-SIEG'D by her, &c.

j. e. displac'd, put ont of her Favoar. Siege, it is well known, was the old Word used for

fear, Place, as also rank, dignity, &c. So the King, in HAMLET, Page 445.

—— — Your Summ of Parts
Did not together pluck such Envy from Him,
As did That One, and That, in my, Regard,

Of the unwortbiest SIEGE. ---
So, in OTHELLo, Page 482. 0
—— 1 fetch Life and Being

From Men of worthieft SIEGE. ---
And so, in MEASURE for MEASURE, Page 382.

Besides, upon the very SIEGE of Justice
Et | Lord Angelo hath to the publick Ear
Professd. the contrary.

Tis certain, supposing my Conjecture to be right upon the Passage now in Question, Snaxk-

SPEARE might as well have laid displac'd, as dissieg d, by her; but I appeal to all the nicer and

more Critical Readers of our Poet, whether it is not his Custom, to love an unusual Term
where a common one might serve his Turn. As I presume He has here chose 4ege to answer

displace, so in his CORIOLANUS he has ind
tame Meanin g. Page 132 b

3 Sir, J hope, my Words
DIS-BENCH'D you nett.

1 p h ,
mnt. cont ed.. %
— — r ˙— ͥ'Sĩw ? ³Z¶b — — ——u— — 3 — . FE IR
»Lé— — e

ultrioufly adopted another Word to express the

— — Hr wage nc — RY A

TxtexparION? CI. Did. Page 162.

KxrNTATIOx.

ek TATTON.

The APP END IX.

— THIS 1S HER HONOUR;

Let it be granted You have seen all this,
Praise be to your Remembrance, the Description
Of What is in her Chamber nothing saves

The u. ager you have laid.

To be as brief as possible in my Reasons for suspecting this Passage. --- Jachimo, a Libertine
in his Thoughts of Women, wagers with Posthumus that he will debauch his Wife, so
that he can once get Access to her. Posthamas takes the Bett, and makes Way by Letters
to his Wife for Fachimo's Introduction. Fachimo impudently pretends to have carried his
Point; and, in Confirmation, is very minute in describing to the Husband all the Furniture

and Adornments of his Wife's Bedchamber. But how is fine Furniture any ways a Princess's |
Honour? It is an Apparatus suitable to her Dignity, but certainly makes no Part of her Charater.

I am persuaded the Poet intended his Posthnmns should say, This particular De-
« scription, that you make, can't convince me that I've lost my Wager; your Memory is good;
and Some of these Things you may have learn'd from a third Hand ; I therefore expect

© Proofs more direct and authentick.“ If I do not deceive myself therefore, there is little
Question but we ought to restore the Place thus :

WHAT'S THIS T'HER HONOUR >
Let it be granted, You have seen all This, f
Praise be, &c. |

CIL. Lid. Page 216. | |
Our Britain's HEARTS dye flying, not our Men;
To Darkness fleet Souls that fly backwards !

I should have look'd upon This in the Rank of a mere literal Error, but that I find it is so
faithfully Copied from the old Editions; which makes me believe the Editor did not attend
to the Poer's Sense in it. Correct, with the greatest Certainty ; | 5

Our Britain's HART S die flying, not onr Men; .

i. e. our Harte, or Stags, receive their Death as they fly; our Men stand boldly to it, and
dic fighting.

CIII. RoxEo and Jul ET, Page 250.

As is the Bud bit with an envious Warm,
Fre he can spread his sweet Leaves to the Air,
Or dedicate his Beauty to the SAME.

Sure all the Lovers of Shakespeare and Poetry will agree with me that - #0 the fame - =» is
here a very idle, dragging Parapleromatick, as the Grammarians style it. I do not think the

Author was any ways necessitated to it, since he might by an additional Epitbet in the foregoing

Verse have avoided the Fault objected, and express d his Thought with more Elegance:

As thus,

E're he can spread his sweet and infant Leaves,
Or dedicate his Beanty to the Air,

This

5 The APPENDIX. 191

This would have been the Natural Way of conveying his Idea, without those unpleasing Expletives:
But SHAKESPEARE generally in his Similies is accurate in the Cloathing of them; and therefore,
I believe, would not have over-charg'd This so insipialy. When we come to consider
that there is some Power else besides balmy Air, that briugs forth, and makes the tender Buds
spread Themselves, I do not think it improbable that the Poet wrote thus;

E're He can spread his sweet Leaves to the Air,
Or dedicate his Beauty to the SUN. * |
Or Sunne, according to the old Spelling, which brings it nearer to the Traces of the corrupted Text

CIV. Ibid. Page 259.
We'll have no Cupid hoodwinkd with a Scarf,
Bearing a Tartar's painted Bow of Lath,
Searing the Ladies like a CROW-KEEPER.

EMENDATION,

If there ever was such a Thing as a Crowkeeper, in Nature, I must own it is an Employment
quite out of my Acquaintance. And surely, the Poet cannot be supposed to intend by it, a
Man arar'd to keep off the Crows ? --- I would read it, cashicring only a single Letter;

Scaring the Ladies like a COW-KEEPER.

The Herdsmen of Old were used to watch in the Field, with Bows and Arrows, to defend

their Cattle either from Dogs, or any other Injuries : Objects very likely to scare the Ladies,

both from the Size of their Bows, and their aukward Method of managing them. What

ge me the Foundation for this Suspicion and Emendation is the following Passage in
LEaR, Page 86. | |

Lear. There's your Presi-mony. - - - That Fellow handles his Bow like a COW-KEEPER.

For so Mr. Pop has very rightly restor'd it : tho” the second Folio Edition, (as does also my
Nuarto, publisn'd in 1655.) reads it here too absurdly - Crowkeeper. Os
CV. HAMLET, Page 392. | EMENDATION;
Mean time, we thank you for your M. ell-TOOK Labour.
have Nothing to object to the Sense of this Passage, which I forgot to take N otice of in my

Examination of this Play. The second Folio Edition however has a various Reading, which
gives some Room for suspecting the Text as it now stands. It is there,

Mean time, We thank You for your Well-LOOK'D Lalour.

It is probable the Poet might, therefore, have wrote,
Mean time, We thank you for your Mell. LUCK D Labour.

To say, that their Labour had been well. tool, is saying, methinks, only that they had not [aboxr'sd
in vain : But to say it was well-lucł d, is passing a Sort of Complement on the Adaresi, Skill,
and Good Fortune, of the Persons employ d in it.
This Conjecture is of no great Moment, but I embrac'd the Mention of it the more readily,
because it lends me an Opportunity of correcting Myself upon Another Passage of the
fame Play. I shouid reckon it very disingenuous, as well as ridiculous, in a Work which I
have profess'd to have undertaken for the Restoration of SHAKESPEARE, if I should be asham'd
to own myself mistaken, and retract the Error. In my Eighty Ninth Remark upon * HAMLET, * gg, T1 9.
I have call'd in Question the Text upon two Passages, where the Poet has made Use 5 a {eq, |
ESE, Or

2 8 0 ST” 0 ; E 4 1
4 +... * : —.— — 4 1 —— eee cared cet. — Q — : —
OR _m___ Bi » . —— — —— 5" * — - — - . f FS hd — A —

BnrxpaArtioN,

for Us. NorioxEM appello, quod Greci tum *woev, tum ru.

TI EN DAT ION.

The APPENDIX.

Word UNBATED. To avoid Repitition and Prolixity, I shall beg Leave to refer the Readers
back to that Note. Since my Beginning this Appendix, I have chang'd my Opinion,
and begin to think the Text may rather be explain d, than disturb'd or alter d. The Poet is
Jpeaking of Swords and Foils, and by a Sword UNBATED, perhaps, he may mean a Sword
u nabated, or not rebb'd of its Point, to distinguish it from a Foyl, which is blunted and charg'd
at the End with a Button. If we are to suppose the Poet wrote Inbarted, or daub'd over with
an Ointment, (as I there conjectured, it is absurd for Laertes to reply to the King, who balls
him he might easily chuse a Sword ready baized, that he would anoint his Sword for the Purpose
Nor can there be any Occasion in the Second Passage for the Epitbet ENVENOWD,
as imbaited signifies the same Thing. But I submit Both-Opinions to Judgment.

CVI. OTHELLo, Page 454. OT NR TT,
Juage Me the World, if tis not gross in Sense,
That Thou ha'st pradtisd on Her with foul Charms,
Abas's her delicate Youth with Drugs, or Minerals,
That weaken MOTION. | :

Desdemona having fall'n in Love-and married with Othello, Brabantio, her Father, accuses

Othello of having used some foul Play, and intoxicated her by Drugs and Potions ro win her

over to the Match. But why, Drugs to weaken Motion? How then could She have run
away with him voluntarily from her Father's own House ? Had she been averse to chusing
Othello, tho? he had given her Med cines that took away the Use of her Limbs, might She

not still have retained her Senses, and opposed the Marriage? Her Father, 'tis evident from
several of his Speeches, is positive that She must have been abxsed in her rational Faculties,
or She could not have made so preposterous a Choice as to wed with a Moor, a Black, and refuse
the finest Young Gentlemen in Fenice. What then have We to do with her Motion being
weaken'd ? If J understand any Thing of the Poet's Meaning here, I cannot but think he

mult haye wrote, |

Abus'd her delicate Youth with Drugs, or Minerali,
That weakes NOTION. =

i. e. her Apprehension, right Conception, and Idea of Things, Understanding, Ju. gment, &c.

Tis frequent with us to say, We have no Notion of such a Thing, when we would mean,
We do not very clearly understand it. The Classics, I think, have employ d the Word in the
same Sense: And CickRo, I remember, to quote no worse an Author, has defin'd it thus

CVII. Lid. Page 555.
What if I said, Lad seen him do you Mrong:
Or heard him say, as Knaves be such abroad,
Who having by their own importunate Suit,
Or voluntary Dotage of some Mistress, +
Convinced, or SUPPLIED them, cannot chase
But they must blab. --- „„

I could not have wish'd to conclude with a more remarkable Instance of Corruption, or One

that fell more closely within the Method which I propos'd to my self of amending. All the
Editions concur in the Reading, and yet Þ11 be bold to say, 'tis neither Sexse, nor intelligible,
nor conveys our Author's Sentiment as it stands: So that it may fairly be look'd upon to
have been one of his Loci desperati. His Meaning is undoubtedly This; That there are some

such long-tongued Knaves in the World, who, if they thro? the Force of Importunity obtain

a Favour from their Mistress, or if thro' her own Fondness they make her pliant to their
Desires, cannot-help boasting of their Success. Restore it, without the least Scruple, thus ;

The A PPENDIX.

i ho having by their own importunate Suit,

Or voluntary Dotage of some Mistress,
Convinc'd, or SUPPLED them, they cannot chuse
But They must blab.

I have already observ'd, in the Course of these Sheets, that it is usual with SHAKESPEARE,
thro? Negligence or Licentiousness, to change his Numbers, as he does here: So no more
need be said on that Head. Lo supple, tis well known, is to make plant and flexible; and
is particularly a Term in Sa, "ry, when ary Part, swoln and stiff, is by Famentations, &c.

reduced, and made soft and pliable. To cryvince, here, is peculiar in its Sense; it is not, as

in the common Acceptation, to make sensible of the Truth of any Thing by Reasons and

is one of the Author's Singularities, Pl! produce two or three Passages, in Support of This
before us, where it bears the same Sense. Wy

Arguments; but to overcome, get the better of, &c. As the Usage of the Ferm in this Sort

MACcBETH, Page 580.

Ay, Sir, there are a Crew of wretched Souls
That stay his Care; their Malady convinces
The great Assay of Art. e

Love's LABOUR LoST, Page 173. OO

And tho the mourning Brow of Progeny
Forbid the smiling Courtesy of Love,
The holy Suit which fain it would convince, &c.

And so in * CYMBELINE, more aptly to the Place for which J bring these Authorities ;

Your Italy containes Nowe so accomplish'd a Courtier to convince the Honour of

my Mistress,

At tandem Manum de Tabuls. ---- 1 have endeavour'd to acquit my self of the Promises
made in my Introduction, and produc'd, and corrected, Errors throughout the Poet, numerous,

when we consider This as a SPECIMEN only; of no Number, when compar'd with

that unequal Quantity, which remain behind in Store to make our Author perfect. I may,
indeed, say with Mr. Pop, that I have gone thro” this Work with more Labour than I can
exped Thanks: I have run a Risque, and must wait the Sentence of the Public, whether I
have gone upon a mistaken View of Reputation, or whether I have done any Thing to set
SHAKESPEARE in a clearer Light than his Editors have hitherto done. It is upon this Issue I
shall be determin'd, whether I have already written too much on the Subject; or, whether I
may promise my self Encouragement in prosecuting a Design, that favours more of pabl;ck
Spirit than private Interest. _ | N 5

Efjay-of literal Criticism upon any Author in the Excr1sn Tongue. The Alteration of a
Letter, when it restores Sense to a corrupted Passage, in a learned Language, is an Atchievement
that brings Honour to the Cr:z:ic& who advances it: And Dr. BENTLEY will be remember'd
to Posterity for his Performances of this Sort, as long as the World shall have any Esteem

for the Remains of Menander and Philemon. But I no more pretend to do Justice to -
that Great Man's Character, than I would be thought to set my own poor Merit, or the

Nature of this Work, in Competition with His.

Dd I must

—— —ñͤ Ae OT ee Ye Ny nn NS Co OI" SU en + 120 LL hat * TINT TRAP TE S ai ad & WT ITS | . Ow T9
— — — —̃ U— m —¾4aũ A reSE..

ought to be in some Pain for the Figure that these Sheets may make, this being the sir/#

CoNncLvs0Nn,

1 must expect some Attacks of Wit, upon being engag'd in an Undertaking of so much
Novelty : The Assaults that are meerly idle, or meerly splenatich, I shall have the Resolution
to despise: And, I hope, I need be under no great Concern for Those, which can proceed
from a generous Antagomst, Wherever I am mistaken, it will be a Pleasure to me to be correfed,
since the Publick will at the same Time be zndeceiv'd: And wherever I have the
Luck to be right in any Observation, I flatter my self, Mr. PorE himself. will be pleas'd,
that SHAKESPEARE receives some Benefit.

But to pass from Apologies on Account of these Sheets, however they may be received,
I have a Number of Pardons to beg of my SUBSCRIBERS, who have done me the
Honour to wait so long for my Translation of ESCHYLUS. My best Plea will be, that
I have, in this Interval, been at the Expence of Copper Plates to be prefix d to each Play.
that I may by Ornament, at least, make up in Part for the Defe&s of my own Power,
And as the DISSERTATION, to be prefix'd to that Work, is design'd a compleat History
of the Ancient STAGE in all its Branches, I hope it will be agreed in my Fayour, that
the Materials for such a ColleQion must be izrich'd by the Delay. 1 8 91

Net Meet will be Pahlibd,

T HE Lives and most remarkable Maxims of the Ancient Philosophers. Translated from the
Hencb of the famous Monsieur Tenelon, {Archbishop of Cambray.
