chief Reason why
meat have not of late endeavour’d
to entertain the
Publick with my Dreams,
(tho’ I prefage your /ittle
Wits, whole distinguishing
Talent is Smartne/s, will say thatthey
think I am always ina Dream; ) is, thar
{ have been setting a-part a Chamber,
Vou. HI, which

2 | The Censor. N° 64,
which I take Care to have properly fx-

migated for the particular Exercise of this
Faculty. Such an Appropriation of Place

may be ridicul'd by some as an A& of
Superitition ; but let them remember
that the Patients of A:/culapius, whowere .
to depend on his Assistance, were oblig’d

for their Recovery to /leep in bis Temple.

The first Time I madean Experiment
of this Dormitory, my nocturnal Speculations,
if such I] may call the Images of
Sleep, were employ’d in a Scene. where
the Grave and Ridiculous were unaccountably
blended. J found my self in a large
but ruinous old Dome, all the Avenues
to which were throng’d with Crouds ot
visionary People, who seem'd thrust forwards
towards a spacious Hall, which
was supported by Pillars of the Dorick
Order. I fawa Chair of State at the
upper End of the Hall, and beneath it
a long Table cover’d with Books not
unlike those of Registers in our Courts
of Juitice. The {trict Silence that was
kept, and the Sollicitude whieh [ obferv’d
in every Countenance, gave mc
no flight Expcétation of what was to
And L was not less alarm’d at overhicaiing
one who stood at my Elbow,
and in a Whisper woncer’d, ben the

N°64. The Censonm 8

Ingu fitionweaa Quction pur
me afrefh upon the Admiration ; and
especially when, upon looking round, I
could discover nothingjin the Hadits, or
Compleftions of the Peifonsabout me, to
fulpe& that was got into the Spani/h
Territories. I wasnot long in this Confusion,
e’er a prodigious Bull of Bra/s
was hoifted in by proper Engines, and
plac’d on a Pile of Stones, rear’d Altarwife,
in. the Middle of the Hall.

I perceiv’d now that [ was transport- —
ed into eld Sicily, and was soon convinc’d
by a Noise of Clear the Court
there, Room for Phalaris. —— He was follow’d

by Three Persons in the Nature»

of Assistants; the first of whom, of an
affable and pleasant Countenance, {fat
down on a Stool at Phalaris’s Feet; and
the other Two, who, as I heard, were
Severity and Nature, plac’d themselves
on the Right and Left of him. ‘No
sooner was the Judge seated, but a fresh
Concourfe of People broke in, and a general
Face of Business was seen throughout
the Hall. Some let down a ponderous
Wicket-door, which, discover'd
a Cavityin the Belly of the Bull, capacious
as that of the Trojan Horse so renown'd
in Story. (For when the Cri-

Ba minals

4 The Censor. N° 64.

minals were convicted by the Juguifition, —
they stow'd as many of them as the Cavity
would hold, and so bak’d some
Hundreds together, as well to make a
Riddance, as to inc:ease the Bellowings
produc’d from their Groans,and which
were by Pipes convey’d to the Nostrils
of the Bull.) Race of Jnformersswho

presided o’er the larger Fewel, came

in loaded with Loggs, and Heaps of
Bavins, which they laid on the Pile of
Stones after them a Train of fowerlook’d

Criticks with Elegies,” Pa/florals,

and Panegyricks, which were the Brufbwood

that was to kindle up the Fire. At
this a migity Murmur arose, and a Clan
of meagre Youths knelt before the /n-
guifitor, and beg’d their own Bodies might
be committed to the Flames to redeem
their Yorks; but amore numerous Sett
of People, with a Mixture of Bujfine/s
and Stupidity in their Faces, and Reams
of Damask'd Paper under their Arms,
lodg’d Petitions, setting forth their Losses
by such intolerable Copies; and, in

Consideration thereof, implored that

the Authors and their Poetry might share
the fame Fate: Upon which a! merry
Punier, whowasin Danger of the fame
hgliction, could not help remarking,

That

That it was not the first Time an Ai

ther had been roafed alive. But Phalaris,

to prevent further Interruptions, gave
a Charge to have them all confin’d during
Pleasure, ‘and bade the Court proceed
on the Indiétments. No sooner

was the Proclamation of Silence made,

and the Books open’d, but I: obferv’d
the Person who {at on the Stool at the
fuquifitor’s Feet, and who, as I afterwards
learnt; was Afercy, had private
Orders to withdraw. |

As the Causes came on, and Business

thickned, I found the Soldier, Lacwever:,

Physicians and Courtiers, made the greatelt
Work forthe Inquisition. Pealar:s
would throw away no Examination on
the Men of War; but knowing what
Villanies his own Guards were capable
of, pass'd Sentence uponthe whole
Profefion. The Lazbyers, who flood
charg'd of taking Fees.on both Sides,
insisted on being heard in their Defence ,
but it being doubted whether they

would not challenge the Right of the

Court, their Motion in Arrest of Judement

was over-rul’d. The general Clamour

againit the Phyfcians ran on willful
Murther; and upon their Conviétions

they were order’d first to take their

B 3 own

6 | The or. N 64,

a ewn Prescriptions, the better to prepare
for the Fiery Tryal. As the
tiers were brought up, who lock’d in
much Confusion, I saw them dro pping
Bank-bills, and Purses ot Gold behind
tliem, to avoid having the Goeds found
upon them; and look’d as if they could
have been glad even of a little Holv-20.16
tery by way of Ablution: As their Indie.
ments were for taking Bribes, and tn.
devmining One Another, they would not
fland the Shame of an Examination, but
i submitted to the Charge, and pleaded
G id iff y. |

Soon after, a Troop of gay Damfcls,

that look’d mighty well to outward Apa
pearance, were hurried to the Bars but
Phalaris understanding they were Ladies
of Pleafare would not watte his Fewel
on them; but remanded them to their
Calling, to be burnt in Fires of their

own kindling: The clderly Nymphs,
who had employ’d their friendly Indufiry
in procuring, were adjudg’d to a new Occupation,and
equipp’d tor selling Drams
and Gingerbread to the Camp.

The vast Multitude of Mechanicks, a-
mongit whom the Game/fters were fhuffled
in, were not to be heard, as I found,

enthe Merit of their Trades ; ; but they
were

N. 64. The C EN SOR. 7

were referr’d to an Examination by the —
Lump with the Pick-pockets.

The Beaus, who had little to plead in
Abatement, but their plentiful Fortunes,
and yet were too inoffenfive to suffer
the general Sentence, were ordered to
be ftript of their Finery, and turn their

dainty Hands to EmploymentY Some
were condemn’d to make Wash-Balls

and Perriwig-blocks for the Barbers; O-
thers, Rattles and Hobby-horses for’ Children.
A Number of Poets ttood indiét-
ed; but as they prov’d they had no Title
tothe Name,the Indiétment was declar’d |
faulty, and they evaded the Sentence. ~
Tfaw one dragg’d along towards the

Bar who, by his Locks hanging pretty
deep over his Forehead,the twisting of his
Wrists with an Air of Contempr, the
turning of his Head as full of Suspicion,
and some other Symptoms of Lunacy, I
could have sworn had bcen poor Furius:
but as I -press'd forwards for more Certainty,
I obferv’d Phalaris point towards
me, and as I suspected with Orders for securing
Me: When starting back againit
a Pillar, as | thought, to be upon my Defence,
I receiv’d a Blow from my Bed:-
head, which rescued me from the Tyrant,
and interrupted my Vifon,

B 4 ‘Thur

N° 65. Thursday, March

The CENSOR. N° 63:

Animum Pittura pa/cit inani.

S there are some Vanities, which

AX the wer Pare of the World all
agree in condemning, so ‘there are o-
thers concerning which this fuperiour
Class of Reasoning Men are divided :
And yer further, there are little Follies of
cheie kinds, which when the eravelt of

ys all have ridiculed in others, we at

iaft come to approve of, and submit to
Our selves. Norhing shews the Weakness
of Human Nature, and the Uncertainty
of our best Sentiments, more than
such contradi€tory Practices meeting in
the fame Person; This levels the Wi/e
with the Fool, and makes the Pdilo/o-
ober as perfect an Object of Scorn, as

any of his own Searches have found a-

mong the Mass of his Fellow Creatures.

Among many Examples I have chote
that of the suffering the Relemblances of

our felyes to be drawn in Piéure, as one
which

N°6;. The CENSOR. 9
which has given anOccafion of Offence
to Men of the finest Understanding.
Plotinus the Platonif?, was often follicited
by his Scholars to fit for his Piéture,.
which he has often retufed; but it was:
at last performed by a Stratagem without
his Knowledge, tho’ not without.
giving their Matter great Uneafinefs.
When he was asked the Question, his
Answer was very remarkable, and what
been admired as a noble, and sublime
Sentiment by: his Srcceffors in the Platonick
School. * \z it not enough, says he,
to drag every where about with us
that /mage in which we have been shut
up by Nature; Can it be imagined _
thar we mutt besides transmit to/future
Ages an /mage of that Lmage ?

Now this very Person cauted the fame
Relemblances to be made of his Predeceflors
Socrates and Plato, and if he reatoned
rightly, might ealily have conclu-*
ded, that his Admirers gould have the
fame Reasons to requett his Picture, as
he had shes. Vhere might, perhaps, be
a greater Vanity in hrs Haughtinets, covered
by a pretended Humility, than
there would have been in complying
with the Humour of his Pupils, and
the Custom of his Times. But to Me

Bs this

this celebrated Reply of the Philosopher
seems to go a great deal too far to be jult,
and rational. For if we consider, it
will hold aswell againit the Propagating
the Human Species, as the Art of
Painting. What are those Traces of
our selves which we are so fond ot, and
are so much the more transported with,

the nearer they approach the Features
of the Original? Are got thefle Pictures
of our selves? Vhefe are /mages cf /main
the Sense of the Plaemifis

it mult be said, that Nature to
us the Preservation of the Que, tho sot
of the Other. Delight springs
eafic unt rced Source on rhe one Hand,
but it grows out of a perverted Self-
Love, and Plattery on the Orher. To

Jove my Childien, is to love what I was.

ecagnes to love; but to admire my self,

and multiply a poor Form upon Wood.
and Canvas, carries with it too great a
Fondnels for my Dear

To thew you that I am not the only
om who have made the ‘Argument of
Piitinus reach so far, 1 will cbfervethat
a very delicate English Poct has argued ©
in the fame Way against Generation;
and I am not the first who has thought

N°6s5. Zhe Censor.

a Poet's Authority as good as a Philosopher's.

Jo get ow Likeness, Vhat is that?
Our Likenels is but Misery.

Why foould I toil to propagate
As vile a Thing as 1? yer

The Thought indeed is pret
well-turn’d, but yet at the Bottom unnatural,
and the Effeéct of false Reason.
This Wir, as well as those ‘who have

yallied Piétures, did it in his Hours of
Spleen and Contempt of the World;
Thele are only {niall Rubbs which divert
the Eyes of Nature; but she soon leans
again to her firit Point. I will give a
new Proof of this upon my first Subje&,
from a very eminent Philosopher. ©
In the Letters which passed between
Nr. Lock and Mr. Mfolineux, the latter.
beggs the Picture of his Friend. He
replies, That Piélurcs of Kings, Heroes,
and Great Men were. only proper. Mr.
Molineux takes the Advantage of the An-
{wer, and returns, Z/at it was for-that
vei'y Rea/on he defir’d His. It may be question'd
which was the. greater Infirmity
in the Philosopher, to lay himlelf open
to so genteel a Flattery, or to accept of

Censor. N°’ 64.

it, and comply afterwards. The fame

happen’ i tothe witty Madam des Houliers,
who made a very fine Copy of Verses

inthe Bloom of her Years, against the

Vanity of Pictures; and yet in the Decline
of her Days and Beauty, suffer'd
her Own to be drawn. Neither did she

ae itop there, but could not forbear paying

a Compliment to her Painter and

her self, by saying, That he had reftor’d

herto the Luftre of her first Charms.

tt would be unfair to compare the Lady

and the Philofopber, much being to be
allow’d on the Fema/e side; but this must
be said in Honour to her, That she had
the good Sense to laugh ac her self, and
draw a very fine Moral from her own
Weakness.

I find Quotations to be much like
Stories, for it is hard to get out of the
Vein of them, when we have once begun;
but I promise my Reader to take
my Leave ot,them with the following. |

The Curious have obferv’d, that the .

Fops in our Sex, and the Coguets in the |

Female, are the Fondeft of their own
dear Faces. A certain Lady of this
Compleétion had her Pi€ture drawn by
the famous Mfrs. le Hay, and after it was
done liked it so well, that. she

N’65. The Cen $0 R. 13

have Five Copies of the fame. A Gentleman
who paid a Visit to the Person
who drew them seeing so many Copies,
in a Surprize, ask’d /Vhy /o many Copies
as Five of One Face? To which she reply’d,
Duoniam multiplicate funt Iniquitates
ejus, Because her Iniquities are multiplied.

Let the firtt Coquet, who readsit,

apply to her {elf this Story.

N° 66. Saturday, March 23.

Floquence, as the ingenious Moztagne
has oblerv’d, Some have such

a Facility and Readiness,- which may be

call’d the Gift of Utterance, that they

are ready at every Turn : Others are slow,

and {peak only what is premeditated and
elaborate. This Class of Men, of so voluble
a Tongue in Extempore Harangues,
when they come to range their Thoughts,
and digest them in Black and White,
are often put to the Stand for Expressions,

and not seldom for the Thought

Readers with bad Sterling; and,

The Censor. N66,

it self and Method of Argument. There
are, on the other hand, Persons who
have no Fluency of Words, or Knack
of Delivery, that, when they come to
write, think, as it were, off hand, and:
dress up their Jdeas with as much Eale
as the sir/# can express them. Were I
to chufe, in general, with the Writings
of which of thele differing Genius’s
1 would converse, it should be with the

mott ready Thinker: The Florid Speaker

generally puts onus something crude and

trifling; or, when he overlabours his

Theme,) is dry and barren. Man,
who is not so copious in his Urterance,
but thinks freely, seldom troubles his

where he takes molt Scope, fills up his
Argument with solid Beauties. To in-
{tance in the molt noted Orators of |Antiquity;
Cicerc, who was flucht a
Speaker, and so expert at Replication:
in his Pleadings, if we may credit Qaintilian
in the Matter, has often inserted
in his Writings what might very well
be spared: . Demo/fhenes,. who, as
tarch informs us, was so-timerous in delivering
himielf, that Demades often rose
up to help him out, is;most approy’d by

N66. The CENSOR.
the Learned, in those Orations that are
of the. greatest Extent. |
It is apparent by this, that it requires
an Author of great Sufficiency, as well —
as an Impartial Judge of his own Performances,
to put Imagination on the
Stretch, and draw out a Subject with
Copiouinets, yet not-let his Stile or Matter
be low or impertinent. The too
common Failing of absurd and tirefom
Repetitions, the on trivial
useless cumftances, and adorning Descriptions
of no moment with all the
Flowers of Rhetorick, no doubr, has
made the Publick with for Retrenchments
in Works that they would like
well without this superfluous Garniture..
Such a blameable Redundancy in the
Writers of his Time, made Lacianswhom
IT have quoted at the Head of my Paper,
declare tor Brevity ;and especially where
there is no Want of. Matter to enlar
upon.
Affeétation of swelling our Difcourfes
into a Length, and drawing o-
ver an /dentity of /mages with Vartety
of Phrase, is worse than treating our
Friends with one fort of Flesh in all the
several Tricks of Cookery. The Spinning
out of an Argument by such Repetitions

16 The Censor. 66.

petitions weakens mightily its Force, and
often makes the Reader lose the Traé&
of our Reasoning. ‘It is customary in
Italy to make their Meat taste of nothing
but Spicery; and so these additional
Parts in Writing, like too /rong
Sauces, extinguish the Relish of that

which should be the Food.

For my self, who would try all Experiments
to prove the Palatesand Tempers
of my Readers, I sometimes chuie
to contract my Differtations for their
Relief; and as a Predecessor of mine profefs’d
at Seasons to be dui/, so I do tobe
brief, on Purpose. There are several
Methods by which I contrive to huf-

band my Discourse, as by prefixing one

time a long Motto, then {plitting the
Contents into a Variety of Paragraphs,.
and by taking my Printer into Counsel
on the Disposition of the Whole; and.
all this is done, when I am neither idle
nor indifpos’d ; neither crampt in Sense,
nor any ways ata Loss, if I pleas’d, to
draw it out to double the Compals.
Whenever I have these Views to the
unbending of my Reader's Attention, I
am not remifs in going round to such |
Places, where I know my Paper has
gain’d

N° 65. The Censor. .

gain'd Admission, to collect their different

Sentiments on my Brevity.

Your old frugal Sagesywho spend but
their Three-half-pence mn News and Coffee,
and who look on Labour and. Induttry
to be the chief Merit of every Production,
shake their Heads and ery, Ye Fellow
is grown abominable Lazy, or else the
Fund of bis Invention is exbaufted. 1 could
soon beat them our of these Remarks,

would I explain to them of how inde- —

fatigable a Nature lam; and what Stores

of Supplies,. from several Correfpone .

dents, [have now actually by me,which
for some Reasons t am. content to postpone.

The brisk and airy Sparks, who dread
along Leéture of Morality, as much

as the “Company of an o/d Woman, or
their Tutors, take my contratted Essays
up with a pleasant Eye; and finding
them to tally with their Patience, tender

Me the Compliment of being short

and /weet.

The fower Species of Mortalsy. who .

are not for bating an Inch of their Measure,
and without regard to the Quality
of my Lucubrations, would have Me

as full as the Fiying-Poff, wheneever

they find me comethort of their Hopes,
throw

throw down my Paper with Discontent,
and mutter, and {can over all the other
Prints before they will vouchfate Me a
Reading.

The greatest Complaints that I hear
in this Cafe, come from thole Widows
and other Female Customers, who take
in my Paper for the publick Entertainment:
This is a Tribe, as the whole
Sex is penurious and expecting in way
of Trafick, who repine at their Charge
when they think I have any Ease, and
can only be satisfied with Length and
Quantity.

As I am pleas’d at the Disappointment
of those ingenious Friends, who
make my Differtations a constant part
of their Amusement, and are only balk’d
at my being so Laconick, because they
are willing I should lengthen their Diversion:
So I must proclaim War on
those unmeaning Mautineers, who perufe
me without any Contribution of Praise,
or Allowance of Merit, yet, indolent as
they are, take upon them to prescribe
Limits to my Pen, and cenfure my Industry.
And as for thole preci/e and cautious
Purchalers, who think they are o- |
ver-rated at the Price of Two-peunce, and
repine at the Neccility of entertaining my ©

Paper,

The Censor. 19

Paper, IT will endeavour to reform them
by athort Story, which is well known
to.my Readers, whose Capacities are of
another Pitch, and whose Notions are
more resin'd and elevated.

A strange old Woman came once to

TJarguin, the Second of that Name who

scign’d in Rome, lugging under her Arm
Nine Books, which, the said, were the
Oracles of the Siy/s, and profter’d them
in Sale. The King making some Scruples
about the Price, she went her way,
and burnt Three of them: and then returning
with the Siw that remain’d, ask’d
the fame Sum that the had requir’d for
the Whole. Zarguin only laugh’d at the
Humour, upon which the old Woman
left him once more; and after she had
burnt Tree others, came again withthe
Three that were left, and still persisted
in the fame Demands. The King began
to wonder at her Qhftinacy, and
thinking there might be something more
than ordinary in the Business, sent for
the dugurs to consult what must be
done. They soon acquainted him what
a Piece of impiety he had been guilty
of, by refusing a Treasure sent to him
from Heaven, and commanded him to

give

N’ 67. Tuesdays March 16,

20, The Censor. N°6é.

give whatever she demanded for the
Books that remain’d.

Without putting my Labours in Competition
with those Pages,
shall leave these Malecontents with this
Application; that tho’ I should think

fit to reduce my Paper to the Third
Part of the Length, which thé shortest

I have wrote is now of,* they may be
glad to confule their Interest so far, as.
to purchase it at the Price first demanded.

certam finem effe viderent

Erumnaramhomines, aliqud ratione valerent

Relligioniius, atque Minis obfiftere Vatum:
Nunc ratio nulla’ ft reflandi, nulla Facultas,
ZEternas quoniam Penas in Morte timendum.

Lucret.

HERE are no greater, nor more
commonNufances of Conversation,
than the two Extremes of Ashei/m and
Bigotry. It is too frequent a Provocation

to a: Man of my Gravity, referv’d

Behaviour, to be oblig’d to fit up

with a Mixture of Company, who,
when

N° 67. The Censor. 21

when the Watchman has gone his Round,

and the Sparks are entring on. their |

Third Bottle, will trouble the Board with —
Debates of Religion, and the Power of
Faith. How unfit.a Time is it, when
either Reason nods, or is bewilder’d, to
launch out into Subjects of such a Nature;
and. play. the Scepticks, when our
Notions must be so confus’d, that we
cannot deduce. the Argument to aConfequence.
Idoubr nor but this Custom
of trifing with Immortality,and Themes
above the Sphere of common Reason,
when the Powers of Wine have made

the Tongue licentious, has been the —
Cause of many a /ree-thinker among the
alert and fanguine; and no less encoue
rag’d Superfition in Those, who have
imbib’d odd Sentiments from the Weakness
of their own Constitutions, or fwal-
) low’d them from the Imposition of their
Teachers.
To set the Unreafonablenefs of these
Opposites in Character to View, is the
Purpose of my present Paper, |
Tobegin then with your Inclinersto:
Atheijm, for I will not allow such an
Existence as a real Atheiff; since the
most obdurate and unbelieving have

» — been brought to Conviction, and con-

22 The CENSOR. N 67.

fefs’d their Principles {prung from Affeation,
or a Neglect of infoining “hemfelves
in the Matter. thele gay Gene’
tlemen, who bave generally to much
Learning as teaches them to chop sale
Logick, lay ai the Siiefs on their own

Syllogi(ms3 il neither hearken to

the Harmony o: Propbecics in the Sacred
Writings, nor admit the Light of a r-
veal’d Religton.

It is the grand Business of these pretended

Atheifis to dethrone Faith, and
bring her down to the Level of Rea/on;

to believe Nothing, but what mutt def-

cend to the Reach of their Capacities,

and be the Object of so fallibie.a Thing
as Sense; not obfervingall the while that
the Wisdom of their Difguifitions extends
at most but to Second Cau/es. Their

blind Desire of throwing off Obligations

toa Divine Being, and putting themselves
above a Dependance on Providence,
makes them grasp at all the Extravagances
of Pagani/m, and fortify
themselves with the “‘Tenets of Epicurus,
that, like the old Athenians, they may
pride themselves in being Earth-born.
you offer to argue on the Point of Creation,
they will tell you, as Shake/pear’s
Lear says to his Daughter, Northing can

come

N°67. The Censor. | 23
come of Nothing.

there is no Annihilation, convince them
that the Mass which compos’d the Universe

must have been Eternal; since.
what they see cannot totally perish, could,

by the fame Reason, have no Beginning.

From such a Syitem of Abfurdities, ©

these Ideots represent Religion\as an Institution
merely Political, that a God,
or Supreme Being, is fuppos’d for the
Support of Government, and keeping
up a proper Deference to our Superiors:
At this rate of thinking, Offices of Piety
are but carrying on a grave State-
Farce; and publick Worthip is alone
ordain’d for Example, and to keep the
Ignorant in proper Subjection. By such
an Opinion, it is plain, that Morality

may be quite cafheer’d betwixt Man and.

Man; and the Satisfaction of doing a
good Action, which mistaken People
have thought to consist in Conscience,
is only in not tranfgrefling Human Ordinances,
and in keeping tree from the
Penalties of the Law. ‘ |
Mons. St. Evrement, 1 remember, is
somewhere fcandaliz’d at the Custom of
the Schools, for making it a Queiftion

The Revolutionsand
Changes of Matter and the Elements,
from which they are ascertain'd that

24 The Censor. N’ 67.
in their Metaphyficks, Whether there
be a GOD? He look’d upon the
Proof of such a Principle by natural Reason,
to be an Impiety. But when the
Divines ask, said One who remark’d on
his Works, Whether there be a God ?
not to doubt‘of his Existence, but
to give certain Proofs of it, and to confound
the Atheists; as Phyfick inftructs
us in the Knowledge of Poisons, in order
to cure those that are infeéted with
them.
If we examine well the Confeguences
of denying a Divine Being, we shall
find they will center: in making our
Souls of no more Value than those of
the Brute Creation; and the meanett
Animal, and We, shall be upon the fame
Establishment: If our Aétions are not
directed by some higher Influcnce, if
we do not hope to be rewarded for our
Virtue, and fear&to be punish'd for the
Crimes we commit in Life, then the —
Soul is infus’d alone for the Information
of Matier, to be an Agent in the M-
chani/m of the Body, and after a short
Circulation of A@tions to drop with its
Tenement into Rest, or to begin afrefh
Course of Motion in a new Body.

Whilst

67. The Censor. 25

Whilit these Men are labouring to
divefi themselves of the Incumbrance of |
Religion, and debafe the Dignity of their

Nature; there have been Pkhilofophers
and Naturalifis who have endeavour’dto
raise the Aaimal World to nobler Sentiments,
and perfwade us that Religion is
ro be found even among Beasts. Xenocrates,
the Carthacinzan, has aflerted their ©
Knowledge ot a Divine Being: And
Pliay has particularly plac’d Religion a-
mong the Moral Virtues of Elephants.
They have, says he, («what is but rarely
found amongst Men,) Hlonefiy, Prudence,
and a Sense of Fujice: As likewise a Relgien
towards the Stars, and a Veneration
the Sun and Moon. A Learned Many
who has been ftiled the Glory of the
Foovifh Nation, has gone further than
allowing a Rational Soul in Brutes, for
he gives them a kind of It
has been obferv’d, that from this absurd
Notion it would follow that they might
be rewarded or punish'd after Death.
— Several of the Rabins efpoufed this
Dottrine to a Degree of Ridicule that
I cannot pass over in Silence. When
they were ask’d what Justice there was
in the Death of Beasts, and why, (since

Providence extended to all;) an innocent

26 The Censor N° 57,

Rat should be pull'd to pieces by a Cat?
They answer'd, The Divine Power haa
order’d it so; but be would recompence that |
Rat in another World. A\! Men of Common
Sense must agree, absurd and ludicrous
as the Tenet is, thar, however,
tthe Rabbin’s Rat is in_a better State
than these Pretenders to Athei/m would
place themselves. |
J have given my self so much Scope
on this Head, that I must make the Folly
of Bigotry the Subject of some future
Paper: And I cannot close this more
properly than with a Paragraph, of a
piece with my Discourse, and which I
have tranferib’d trom my Favourite
Bruyere.

feel, says be, that there isa GOD,
*¢ anc do not feel that there is None:
This fufhices me, and all the Reaion-
© ing in the World is needless to Me.
‘© 1 conclude from hence that he exiits,
© and this Conclusion is in my Nature
took up-with this Principle too rea-
“© dily in my Childhood, and have pre-
ferv'd it since too naturally in my ad-
© vance’d Years, ever to have the leatt
Jealoufie of any False-hood in ir. But
there are some Men who makcea Shift

to get rid of this Principle: I que:

N°63. The Censor, a7 |

‘ {tion whether there are or no, but if
% there be, it argues only that there are
Monsters.

N° 68, Thursday, March 28

Ls AT I may not be thought of a
Disposition that would entirely suppress
the Aid of my Cerre/pondents, or
be suspected of having None, (tho’ the
Pos. and my Publifoer might be fufhicient
Vouchers in this Point;) 1 have

fav’d my self the Expence of Thinking
for this Day, by giving the Publick a
Letter, which, tho’ the Author calls it
the Produ& of a few heavy Hours, must
be acknowledg’d to be wrote with an
uncommon Spirst and Vivacity.

Jo th CENSOR.

Oxford, March

7 Eat late ingenious Writer
at a lateingenious Writer has
W © said of Wi, will, I. believe,
hold equally true concerning the Po-
© dite Part of Womankind: That there is
Cz nothing

nothing so much admir‘d, and so little
understood: ‘There are Depths in the
Female World which neither Ovid or

Cowley could ever fathom; and, as

Mr. Boyle says of a certain Mineral.
That the most penctiating Genius mav
spend his whole Lite in the Study of
it, Without. arriving at a. compleat
Knowledge of all its Qualities; so I
will venture to say of this mysterious

Microcofm or Branch of the greater

World, that it has escaped the Enquiries
and Inspection of the mofk acute;
and that Thetis is not more conceal’d
in the Bottom of the Sea, thay a
(prightly Venus in an airy Cloud of
her own composing. |
¢ | was always of Opinion, that the
reateft Art with. our fixe Ladies, as

well as Orators, is to hide Arts and,

muit confess, I’m nor a Isttle pleased
to find such great Numbers purring
this Art in Execution. It fares
with us asitdid with Pene/ope’s Woers,
they deceive us by unravelling in the
Night what we didin the Day; they
treacuslike the Ecchoin the Wood,at
once flatterand fly us. fam apt to think

there arenot more Windingsin Ro/a-

mona’s Bow’rs, or the Cretan Labyrinth,
than

The Censor. 19

than in one of those Lady’s Bofoms,
and that you may with as ‘much Fate
trace /Vi/e to its Sourceas their Words
toa NMicaninz. ‘Tho’ the Stream of
their Afeétions be: strong in our Favour,
they can smooth it so artfully
that We may say of it, as Cesar does
ot the Raver At ar, that it cannot be
perceiv) ‘d which Way ir flows. In
{hort, Whey are a fore of Hebrew Characters,
which tf we ever understand it
muit be ‘by reading them backwards.
must, however, beg Leave te-ask
them, ‘whether we don’t in this Particular
imitate themfelvcs; fondly bewilder
our {elves in the pleasing Maze,
and admire them purely because we
dom’cunderftand them? And whether

those Two Quailities do not in the

Female World what Mercury and Venus
do in the Heavens, each vanish at
the other’s Approach ?
it being the great Secret of the Par
Sex to keep us gn the Dark, [am sorry
to think that they should ever fail
in this particular; I mutt therefore
tell your Fair Readers that Venus her
felt {prung. from the wat’ry Element,
and chat ove, like Heat, glows tlie
hercer by the Antiperiftatis of Cold,
C That

30 The Censor... N°68.

© That the Spring of their Favours is
© never miore acceptable than after a,
killing Frown, as the Sun’s benign
Rays are never more welcom than
when just come from under a Cloud ;
That Apollo's Love increas’d with
Daphne's Flight, and that their seeming
Coynefs, like the Darts of the ~
flying Parthians, gives the deepett
Wounds: I should tell them likewise
to call to Mind the Story of. Thc/eus
and Ariadne, and leave them to apply
that beautiful Line of Mr. Waller's:

Heav'n were not Heav'n, if we knew what it
were, |
I mutt tell them too, that we warm
Lovers cannot live in a hot Climate ;
and that Love, like Ice, melts when it
is shone upon by too warm a Sun.

Agreeably hereto we frequently
find a transported Admirer in Courtship
not unlike an enchanted Heroe in
Romance; the One is ravifh’d with
the Sight of beautiful Castles, Woods,
and Meadows, with a confus’d Harmony
of warbling Nightingales, and ©
purling Streams; the Other 1s loft and
bewildered in a pleasing Delusion, his
Fancy reprefentsto him iplendid Scenes
of imaginary Pleasures, and visionary
¢ Beauty. Bur, alas! how short are

those

N68. The Censor.

those gilded Dreams! Upon the unfortunate
finishing of some secret Spelt
the fantaftick Scene vanishes, and the
difconfolate Knight finds himself to his
© great Amaze on a barren Heath, or
wild Delart. The Orher is no leis
furprizingly undeceived ; the Enchantment
is broke in Enjoyment,.and the |
charming Goddess, by a fort of Counter-apotheofis,
sinks immediately into a
Woman: however beautiful the reaily
be, he finds that his hot Imagination
over-flourifi’d the Object, and that
the Creature he ador’d never existed
but in his own Fancy.
I know one of thole warm Targuins,
who was {mitten with one of the prertieft,
but withal the most whimsical,
Things in Nature. She was aiively
Emblem of the Rainbow both for
Beauty and Variety; but then she
was such a cunning little Infidel, that
at firit she would not hear a Wordhe
ipoke; if he told her she was Pretty,
the would cry, Pifhy and tcl! him a
Tragical Story of the Misfortune of
her Lap-Dog. The next Moment she
would ask him what he thought of
the young King of France, and wiether
he was not as handiome as her
Coufia Billy. She would lead him
C4 such

32 Zoe Censor. N° 66

¢ such an airy Round, her Tongue lik
© apleafing murmuring Stream would
ferpentize so cunningly, ard play in
so many wanton Afeanders, that he
© was always at a Lois what to make of
© her. 1 once out of meer Curiofitry
accompanied my Friend in one of his
© Vilits; during my Stay, which was
about two Hours, the Larum never
ceasad, This little musical Instrument
© of hers, it fignified not whether upon
© something or nothing, so well aéted
© its Part, and made such an Impreflion
upon me, that I shall always readily
embrace a perpetual Motion. My |

Friend has tcld me, that she would |

ask him io many Trifles, that he has
often been forced to stop her Mouth -
with a Kiss on purpose to save himself
the Trouble of answering a Question,
which had nothing to recommend it
but the sweet Lips from which it dropt.
In fhorr, Sir, FE cannot define her
Discourse better, than by telling you
it was like the Country-man’s Nightingale,
Vox, & praterea nibil; a pleasing
Sound, and nothing more.
¢ My Friend was however in a short
¢ tinre so charmed with the enchanting
Nonsense of this little Syren, that he
\ | was

N'68. The Censor. 33

was too far gone everto hope for Recovery;
whether in Company or alone,
ihe ingroffed his whole Thoughts,
W’ ords Actions; He could brag
with the old Sage, that he was never
less alone than when alone. Her dear
Resemblance was always uppermoft in
his Mind, he languifhed as much for
her, and with as little Reason, as Narciffus
far his beloved Shadow. At last,
finding that all open Attempts in,
Courtihip were in vain, and that she
would not be won by being addrefled
in dire&t Love-lerms, he refoly'd to
conquer her, " the Greeks did Troy, by
an Artifice. Observing that she was
wonderfully taken with Love-stories,
he took up that ingenious Trick of
skilful Fowlers, who are Wont to mimick
the Voice of the Birds they
would call to the Snare; and by constantly
attacking her with the Hittories
of the Loves of Jupiter and Danae,
Venus, and Adonis, by reading to her
the mott passionate and moving Parts
out of Waller and Ovid, by filling her
Bosom with ten Thousand soft Names,
such as Darts, Flames, Altars, and
Languifhings, &c. in a Word, by

transforming himself into what {he
Cs | loved,

loved, or into her own dear Image,

© heat last wound himself so far into

her Affections, that the poor Crea-

ture could deny him nothing: And

© for a Warning to all the rest of your

fair Readers, I must tell them that

this Friend of mine says, they are a
fort of Glow- worms, or Airy Mete-
© ors, which shine at a Distance, but
expire upon our Touch; and confef-
fes that, Jxion-like, instead of the

© Goddess he enjoyed a Cloud, and that
© Apollo was not half so much mistaken, |
~* when inttead of his beloved Daphne he

embraccd a Tree.

34 The Censor.

69. Saturday, March 30

Nam primum hoc conftituendum, hoc obtinendum

est, ut quam optimée /cribamus:
Celeritatem dabit Confuetudo. Quint.

T isa good Principle to love to be
out of Debt as soon as a Man can,
for which Reason I have taken the first
Opportunity of publithing the following
Letter from an ingenious Correspondent,

N60. The Censor.
fpondent, with a tew of my own
flections upon so weighty a Sub,

Person of your Character must
consider W ir, Courage, Learning,
and feve:al other Qualities, (which
the Generality of Mankind implicitely
admire) as a fort of passive Qu.lifcations
only, which may be turned by
the Poffeffors of them, as well to the
Disadvantage, asthe Benefit, of themfeives
and others. As you profels your
Labouis are design'’d for the Good of
Mankind, bel’eve you will not think
them ul employ’d, in directing us to
the right Ute of these Abilities,which
may be, in either way, of the greateit
Consequence to Society. I think
you may very properly begin with Literature,
for whilst the Effects of ic
are so far from beir.g the leait extensive,
the learned World seem to have
a more peculiar Claim to your Endeavours;
and 1 should be glad if the
following way of Thinking, mixt
with an Account of my ewn Method
in Reading, would give you anv Assistance
in {o useful a Work.

36 TheCenson. N’6o.

We have received an Opinion,
that it is the Difference of our Genius’s,
which divides the learned
World into Wits or Coxcombs, Pedants,
or Men of Sense. This, if it
be truce, must put a Stop to all -our
Endeavours; for if the Stars have absolutely
determined a Man to be a Pehe

can do is to‘fit still, and submit
atiently to his Destiny. But I beieve
we shall find this Notion to be
no less false than pernicious, and, up-
on a nearer View, discover that it is

first ranks us under one of these Divisions,
whilst the Difference of our
Genius’s only entitles us afterwards to

Opinion will give me leave to allow,
that our Parts may encline us to some
particular Sort of Study; (and sometimes
perhaps without leaving ustoom
for any other:) For tho’ one kind of
Literature may be far more useful than
another, yet we may observe some
Men of Sense employed in the worst,
and an Inundation of Coxcombs pur-
© suing the most advantageous Parts of
Learning. It is not therefore the Dis-

© ference ©

dant or a Coxcomb, the wifeft thing

the End we propose in Reading which

a higher or lower Station in it. This.

N69. The Censor.

ference of their Studies, whichh may
be the Effeét of their Genius’s, but
the different Use they make of them,
which must proceed from the View
with which they read, that’ makes
the Coxcomb, or Wit, the Pedant,
or Man of Sense. When I am inthis
way of Thinking, I have frequently
amused my self with dividing the Body
of Students into the several Classes, |
to which their different Designs in
Reading must naturally lead them.
When Guriofity or a Desire of Knowledge
only engage us in our Studies,
we are in a fair way of being Pedants,
useless Criticks, Editors, Commentators,
or Virtuofo’s; all which, tho’
their different forts of Studies may
seem to set themar a greater Distance,
are in reality very nearly related to
one another. The Desire of distinguishing
our selves, may lead us into
ether of the four Classes, as our Taste
of Applause is more or less refined:

But when we are engaged by the De-
sign of making our selves useful to

our Friends and Country, we are sure
of falling into the wifeft Division, and
improving our Abilities to the best

Advantage for our felyes and others.

38 The Censor. N’ Gg,

This Design hinders me from throwing
away my Time on impertinent
Studies, and directs me to the most
useful Parts of Literature, as well asto |
the Method of making the beit Advantage
of them. I never thu: up my
Book without fitting down to contider
what Improvement in Wir, Judgment,
good Sense, or Virtue, i may
draw from what I have been reading:
And feldem conclude my Studies
without beftowing half an Hour in
throwing my Thoughts together on
some Subject they have fuggelted to
me, cither ina serious or more diverting
Manner; not without some distant
Hopes that I may at last bring this
Exercise to be an agreeable Enterrainment
to others, as well asa pleasing A-
mufement to my self. i look upon
Composing to bz: one of the most-advantagious
Improvements of my Time.
I can very fenfibly perceive already,
that it gives me a Readinels in my .
Expression, as well.as Method and
Clearnefs in my way of Thinking.
And tho’ I may still be very far from ©

© writing well, I shall venture toafhrm,

That there is a greater Distance between
my first and present Compofi- —
LiONs,

N°é69. The CENSOR. 3
tions, than there is between these last

and good Writing. The Consideration
that I have done my Part in plame

pursue my Studies with Delight,
not only when the gayer side of my
Temper flatters me with pleasing
Hopes of raising my self to some Eminence
among them; but also when
my foberer Thoughts reduce me to a
more equal Sense of my Abilities, and
the Profpeé& of a much humbler’ Station.

lam ‘ |
Yours, A. B.

My Correspondent has laid before me

Subjedt of the greatest Importance,

and at the fame Time set it in a very
just and uncommon Light: Were I to

dispose of the Learned World by the
Rule he has given me, I am afraid [7

should be oblig’d to drop most of them
before I could come to the last and wifeft
Division: The numerous Volumes
of useless Pedantick Learning, elaborate
Trifles, and tedious senseless Harangues,
which infeft our Press and Conversation,
would be but too plain Proofs, that no
fmail Number of the Learned World
are engap’d in their Studies only by a

Spirit

cing my self in this Division, makes

40 The Censor. 69.

Spirit of Curiosity, or vain Affectation
of Knowledge. I could with the Number

of those were retrench’d, who pro-.

pose nothing farther from. their Studies

than anidle Amusement; and pursue
Knowledge till they lose Common Sente, ~

or (as avery elegant Author hasexprefs’d
it) Grow dumb in the fiudy of Eloquence.
These, as my Correspondent observes, are
guilty of the higheit Injustice to Sociecty,
in sacrificing their time, Wit, and
every other Ability to the selfish Pursuit
of their own barren Diversion. If
I was to consider the Class of the wiiett
Readers, I am afraid | should be ableto
find but too few Inttances of Publick or
Private Characters, where Learning is
the Source of agreeable. Conversation,
Prudence,and afuperior Capacity for Business,;
or where it appears in Writing
without any mcan Shiits to catch at the
vulgar Applauie, and trusts to its real
Merit for the Approbation of Men of
Sense and: Judgment. ‘Fo encreafe the
Numbers of thoie who are so great an
anid Benefit to Society, shall
desire all my Readers, but more especially
those who are entering into the
World of Literature, to consider the

foregoing Scheme in a more serious man- |

N° 69. The Censor. 4!
ner; and take care to place themselves
amongst those who improve their Studies
to the best Advantage for themselves
and others. I shall also advise them in
particular to’ the Praétice which my Corre(pondent
mentions, of beitowing every
Day some little Time in composing ¥
for I entirely agree with him, that this

is by far the most advantagious Part of

ail our Studies. The Benefit of it isnot
confin’d to Writing only, but extends it
self, in some measure, even to the ordinary
Affairs of a private Life ; and appears
in a very eminent degree ina more
publick Station, where Readiness of Expression,
and Clearnefs of Thought, are
equally necefiary and advantagious.

Were I. to recommend any particular

kind of Writing, it should be something .

inthe Nature of this Paper. It has been

obferv’d that eminent Writers in other
Ways, have seldom been remarkable for
their Talent of Talking, and I think
this Remark may be pretty cafily accounted
for. The Subjects of their
Writings are remote from the Occurrences
of Life, and require a Style too
stiff and labour’d for even the most
weighty and serious Difcourfes: And
therefore it is no Wonder if they do

42 The Censor. N? So

not excel in a Way, which is so very —
different from that which they are pur- ©

suing. Writings of this fort are liable

to none of the foregoing Exceptions.
The Subje& of them generally turns on

the Rules of-Conversation, Friendship, |

and the Conduét of a publick or private _
Life;, whilst the Style is raised but very

little above our ordinary Conversation. .

In short, Endeavours of this Nature will
enable every Man to improve his Learning
to the best Advantage, and make

even those who have but moderate Abilities,

prudent in their Conduét, agreeable

to their Companions, and useful to —

their Friends and Country.

N° 70. | Tucfiay, April 2.

Verum Ire, fi que forte eveniunt hujufmodi

Inter eos, rurfum fi reventum in gratiameft,

Bis tanto amici {unt inter fe quam prius.
Plaut.

F all the Plays, either Ancient of
Modern, the Tragedy of ‘Julius

Cesar, written by Shake/pear, has been

held

The Censor. 43
held in the fairest Esteem and Admirati
on. IT do not reckon from the Vulgar,
tho’ they, where their Passions are-concern’d,
are certainly no ill Judges: But
from the establish'd Rules of Dramatic
Poetry, and the Opinion of the best Poets.
As to particular Irregularities, itis
not to be expeéted that a Genius like
Shake/pear’s thould be judg’d by the
Laws of Ariffotie, and the other Pre-.
{ciibers to the Stage; it will be fuffici-
entto fix a Character of Excellence to
his Performances, if there are in them
a Number of beautiful Incidents, true
and exquisite Turns oi Nature and Passion,
fine and delicate Sentiments, uncommon
Images, and great Boldnefles ©
of Expression. 3

In this Play of our Countryman’s, I
think, I may affirm, tho’ against the
Opinion of untafting Criticks, that all
these Beauties meet: And if I were to
examine the Whole, it would be no
great Difficulty to prove the Truth of
my Assertion. But I have singled out
only one Scene to be the Subjet of my
present Lucubration: Omitting the incomparable
Speeches of Brutus and Mark
Anthony, of which those of the latter
Were, perhaps, never equall’d in any
Language.

44 The Censor. !

Language. The Scene I have chose is
the ale and Reconciliation of Brutus
and Ca/ius; and there being no better
Way to shew the Excellency of it than
by a Comparison with other similar celebrated
Pieces, I have therefore taken |
that Method. |
The firit Scene of this kind, in point:
of Time, as Well as Beauty, is the Quarrel
between Agamemnon and Menelaus in
the first Iphigenia of Euripides; thisScene,
and that between Amintor and Melantius |
in Fletcher \shall comparetogether: And
endeavour to shew that Shake/pear has
excelled them both. In order to this I
must quote the Remark which Mr. ye
den makes upon these three Pieces. The
Occasion which Shakefpear, Euripides,
and Fietcher, have all taken is the fame,
grounded upon Friendfbip: And the Quarrel
of Two virtuous Men raisd by natural Degrees
to the Extremity of Passion,is coudutiedin
all Three to the Declination of the
lame Passion, and-concludes with the warm
venewing of their Friendfbips.. But the
particular Groundwork, which Shakefpear
seas taken, is incomparably the best becau/s
he has not only chosen Two of the greatefi
Heroes of their Age, but bas likewije interested
the Liverty of Rome, and their own

» Lonour,

‘70, The CEN SoR. 45

Honour, who were the Redecmers of it, in

the Debate. Inthis Reflection, Mr. Dryden

does not seem to have fix’d uponthe
true Cause of the Superior Beauty in
Shake/pear: For it is the fame Thing,
if they had been imaginary Persons, and
the Poet had chose his Scene, and his
Names, at Pleasure. dmintor and
lantius, in Fletcher, are a Proot that our
being mnov’d depends more on the Poet’s
touching our Patlions nicely, than our
being acquainted with their Persons as
they are recorded in Hittory. It figmifies
nothing where a Man was born, or
who he 1s, the thing that touches depends
upon the Character that the Poet
gives of him at first, and his Name has
no more Relation to the Jdea, thanthat
the Audience know him by thar Distinction.
If the Spring of our Passions a-
rose trom what. Mr. Dryden mentions,
we should neither be exalted nor depressed
at many Scenes, founded merely on
the Imagination of the Writer, either
in our Author or others. We will suppose,
for Instance, that there never was
any such Person as Cato, yet if any Author,
like Mr. /ddifon, should form’ to
himself a Charaéter of a great Man full
of his Country, struggling for Liberty

again{t

46 |The Censor.

against the Tide of Ambition; and make
him {peak and aét upto these Sentiments
as He has done, ’tis no matter what
Name he gave him, whether that of
Cato, or any other. .
But I mutt confine my felfto the Subyect
L propos’d. The Ground of the
Dispute in Euripides is this; Agamemnon,
who, with the Confederate Princes of
Greece, had begun a Warto revenge his
Brother Menelaus, and redeem his Wife,

waits for a tair Wind at dalis; and is —

told by the Augurs, that he must obtain

it by the Sacrifice of his Daughter /- .—

phigenia, which alone can appease the
Refentments of Diana, Agamemnon generously
confents to deliver her up to so

reat a Motive as the Vindication of his
Roother’s Honour; and sends for /phigenia,
from her Mother, on a Pretence
of matching her with 4chilles. But soon
after the Father takes Place in his Soul,
and he sends privately to countermand
the Arrival of /phigenia. Menelaus intercepts

his Packet, and reads it; upon .

which the other charges him with Boldnefs,
as being his Superior: He replies
in the Lahguage ofan Equal mix’d with
Threatnings; the Quarrel warms, till a

Messenger comes to tell Jgamemnon

Novo. The Censor. 47
the Arrival of his Daughter; and hethen
resumes his Design of Sacrificing her,
which his Brother. as paflionately coniradi€ts,
as he before promoted. The
Scene indeed is very pathetically work’d,
the general good of our Country, and
the natural Love of our Children, are
the main Topicks which the Discourse

turns on: and the Paifions on each Side

fink by soft Degrees.

In Fletcher, the two Friends Melantius
and Aminior grow warm hattily, are
reconcil'd soon again, but when a Method
is propos’d to ease them by Revenge
of an Injury toboth their Honours, they
quarrel anew, and cannot be said to be
juflly reconcil’d, because the Business,
on which the Dispute happen’d, is entirely
left in the Hands of Méelantius.
Honour and Friendship, the Violation
of each, and the Desire of recementing
them are the Topicks of this A&ion;
the Passions are strong and vehement,
but conduéted more according to the
luxuriant Fancy of the Poer than any
Standard in Nature.

In Shake/pear, there is a Beauty which
is not in any of the Others from the O-
riginal of the Quarrel, which is, that
Two Wife Men commence a Dispute

adout

about a Trifle: And in the Sequel of it
} great many severe Vruths, which they
never intended to tell one another, are
naturally introduc’d from the violent
Working of their Passions. It may be
objected, that this is not a proper
Ground for Men of their .Charaéters to
procecd ‘to such indiicreet Violences:
But what avail Objections when we {ee
it every Day in Lite; and know what
Lengths Warmth of Temper will carry
the best of us all to? Cuffus, unknowing
of the Occasion that the calm Arztus
had to stir his Nature, enters in a
Heat, is receiv’d with a aoble Refeni-
3 ment, which is work’d mutually toa
height by Aggravations cafic and natural;
till the Provoker submits, the Proyok’d
forgives, and each fondly excute

is another Beauty in Shake/pear’s Reconcilement,
which is, that the Cause ot
Brutus’s giving way to his Choler, does

excellent Turn imaginable: For after
they are cool enough to enquire into
the Cause of each other’s Refentments,
Caffiius begins thus;

the Other of his Rathnefs But there

not appear till after they are recon-.
cil’d: to which Shake/pear gives the mott .

N° 70. The.C ENSOR. 49

Caf. J did not think you could have been
so angry.
Brut. O Caflius, Z am sick of manxGricfs.
Caf. Of your Philosophy you make noUfe,
If you give place to accidental Evils.
Brut. No Man bears Sorrow better.
Portia is dead.
Caf. Ha /—Portia.—
Brut. She is dead. |
Cat. Low /cap’d killing, when Ierofs'd
I] hope I have satisfied all my Readers,
excepting Furius, of the Truth of what
I asserted: And even he ought to thank
me, for I have hereby given him the
Opportunity of writing Twelve-penny
evorth of Critici{m towards his Support.
As for my other Readers, I dare say I
can’t reccommend my self better tothem
than by telling them, that this excellent
Play is to be aéted on Yhurfday next forthe
Benefit of Mr. Leveridge; As he hasfhewn
his good Sense by his Choice, I shall
think but meanly of the Taste of the
Town, if Shake/pear is not honour’d with
their Company, aud he rewarded by a
jull Audience.

Vor. D Thursday,

42 ZTheCensor N?’71,

N° 71. Thursday, April 4.

Ubi quaram ? ubiinveftigem ? quem perconter?
quam infiflam Viam ? Ter.

N the Circulations that I so constant-
ly renew about this populous Town,
J meet with a Word almost in every
Body’s Mouth, and yet, I fear, but ve-
ry,little understood, and ‘ihat is Merit.
The many Constructions to which this

little Terme is by Custom applied, has:

very near confounded my Notions of it,
and made me at a Loss to determine
with my self in what it can consist. I
have heard it a thousand Times ufurp

the Place of and as often uled

for Sfi/] in any Science; I have known
at fupp!y the /dea of Learning in Conversation,
and sometimes appropriated to
the exprefieng of Afode/ffy, or good Sen/e.
! have somewhere read that in the
Chine/e Language a single Mono/yllable,
py the Difference of Accenting and Pronunciation,
serves to explain Twenty
{everal Things; and so among ft Us this

compre-

The Censor. 51
comprehensive Di/yilable, without any
Alteration either in its Orthography or our
Empha/is, takes in as many differing Significations.
In the describing of Persons,
or Confession of their Characters,
it is become of general Use; and is reckon’d

as Synonomous, in our Way of |

Talk, as any other Term which hasthe
nearest Relation to the Thing we are
{peaking of, Ifa Spark, in the Raptures
ot his Imagination, ;attempts to
fer out the Beauties of his Miftreis, and

confines himself to that Theme alone, |

he cannot conclude the fumming up her
Charms without protesting, that /be is
a Lady of infinite Merit. ‘The Lawyer
should talk of Right and Wroxg,
tells the Judge that his Client has @ deal
of Merit in his Cause; and even the Mechanick’s
Art is gencraliy extoll’d by
the Merit that he has in his way of Working.
1 could as cafily demonstrate, were
it to the Purpose, that it stands for Rrches,
Capacity, Devotion, Power, and a
Number of Words as different in their

Meaning, as their Sound or Derivation.

It may seem itrange now thata Thing
which we so much talk of, and that
supplies so many several /deas, should be:
in reality but rarely found, and more

Dz rarely

52 The Censor. N° 71.

rarciy allowed in any Obiect. To take
it in its most literal S:gnification, we
would imply by it that iuc! 1, or such a
One, for some particular Talents, deserves
so, and so: But even where this
Due of Praise, or rather-Acknowledgeanent,
is most expected, we find the
Charaéter end in very little or no Merit.
Envy, which is Emulation in the wortt
Light, intercepts this jaft Contribution
to “Detert ; so that, trom the Ingratitude
of the World, we may form this
adox, That a4 Man may have much

cellencey but wo Aferit. On the other
baal Interest and Flattery have such a
Sway with Us, that we turn the Per-

{pe tive, and can find out much Merit,

where th cre is no Excellence. 1 cannot
be thought too Satyrical in saying, that
the Deterence paid toa large Eitates a
Coach and Six, and an Accumulation
of T arb, is very often a Proof of this

Prugality, Continence, and
Hone! f Ly in Men. of the Middle Rank

May be pc haps commen ded, bur seldom

Lily crit is. allowed them for thele
Virtues: And it is said in Derogation,

that Circumftanccs, Duty, or Fear. of

doirg ner wile, inforced. them to the

The CENSOR. “3

The Pre: judices and Prepofleflions by
which we so partially beftow the Title
of Merit, bring back to my Mind a
Description of Humour that I have formerly
read upon this Subjeét, which I
helieve cannot fail of entertaining my
Readers. A Per/ian Philosopher made
the Tour of Exrore for the Improvement
of his Knowledge 5 and mecting
with ‘Things flrange to his Oriental
Biceding, lends, iron) what Country Ic
isnot said, the following Account to
his F riend. FTaly
T have obferv’d many Things very
fingn! here, but have more especially
remark’donwhatthey call Ther
¢ Idea of itis very particular, and we have
nothing that comes near it; as I contié‘
nually heard this Word pronoune’d
with Refpeét,I concciv’dit must either
a wonderful Thing, or a Deity: And
itisindced one of their Deities,to which
© the Chrifians offer: a great Share of their
Adorations. You mutt know, //aly,
that this Aféri/ never takes up its Lodging
among the Poor; but where there
is most Grandeur, its Influence i is
est. Youmay {ee among certain of theiv
Poor, something like Virtue, or so,

which gives Suspicion of its dwelling
D 3 with

$4 The Censor.

with them: As, on the contrary, among
certain of their Rich,there are Symptoms
which should make you doubrtul
of its Presence. However, Merit never
quarters with the first, but is infallibly
found among the latter.
© Idefir'd my Guideto lead me to one
of those Palaces, where’ AZerit had its
particular Residence. I was presently
carr ed thro’ a {pacious Portico, supported
by magnificent Pillars: I was led.on
thro’ several Turnings,at whichI met
every Moment something Grand,which
infprred me altogether with Fear and
Reverence : I came at last, by the Direction
of my Guide, to the inner Appartment
of the Temple. A profound
Silence reign’dall about, and I concluded
with Reason that it was the Time
at which the Chrifiians put uptheir O-
raifons to this Deity I was extremely
furpriz’dto feethat this Divinity was
bur aMan seated ina greatElbow-Chair,
¢ much largerthan was necessary for an

son Deified, who should be at Ease, and
in no wife embarafs’d. I obferv’d that
he had a Liberty of varying his Behaviour:
Sometimes he affeéted 2 mighty

© Air of Gravity, fometimesfeem’d to be

chagrin

Ordinary Man, but such as fitted a Per-

N The CENSOR: 55

¢ chagrin and melancholy. The Wor-.
fhipers,that presented themlelves, were
© oblig’dto pay their Adoration by anobfequious
bending of theirBodics,approa-
ching with bare Heads, and likewise re-
peating by Heart certain Wishes which
© they made to the God Merit. He tre-
ouentlyanfwer'd their Petitions bySigns,
continuing to be silent; and every one
from his Silence interpreted some thing
€ either favourable, or dijadvantagious, to

himself.
© 1 impatiently expected when thei
Devotions would end, when another
humane Figure,tantaftically dress'd, and
in as mary Colours as the Ra nbow,ad-
vancing with Refpeét,and making the
Devotees give back,whisper'd something
inthe Ear of the God Merit. What
] particularly mark’d here,was that ail
the Worthipers had a most profound
Respect for this motley Figure. The
Difproportion between this Obje& and
the God, in respect to his Dress and .
Manners, held me some Time in Sufpence;
concluded however that it
mult be one of the Priefs; till my
Guide inform’d me that it was one of
the Officers of the Temple, who often
rife to such a Pitch of Power, that they
D4 theme

nn AA CA BA

them/elves are deifed. The God Merit
arising oblig’d his Worthipers to
divers odd Poftures, but al! with the
protoundeft Reipect. He pass'd thro’
em into anocher Apartment, where
there was afrefh Set of Worfhipers but
of a different Stamp. Here they had a
Concert of Initruments, which I concluded
was some Piece of Mufick in

onour of the Ged. Uwas much a-
ftoniih’d when J saw the God Aferit,
who was before so grave, serious, and
referv’d,go and place himself at one
Eng@of the Room,and together with a
Woman, whom! took to be a Gedmarch
to the other End in a new.
manner, make a fort of regular Movement,
caper, and fink, and turn and return,

all to the Sound of the Instruments.

This Novelty, you must guess,
strangely affected me ; and I was inrag’d
to find that a part of the Infidels gave

their Applause to these frantick ‘Tran-

{ports. |
Tnow began-+to suspect that their God |
Merit was an extravagant and weak Deity,
and thar it aso his Riches, not
personal Excellence, they paid their Ado-

© rations. To jconclude,I judg’d the

Society so impure, that in my Return

ro my Lodgings, I wash'd and purified
according tothe Rites of our own Religion.
1 made this Resolution, never
to appear again at any Superilitions of
the Christians, they prefum’d to a-
dove bumane Folly in an Obje ridiculous,
aud /ometimes fiagitious all under the
(neciou: Title of Merit.

Pudet bec Opprobria nobis

dici potuiffe, & non poruifle refelli.
Hope it wiil not be expected from a
the rough Notions the Ignorant may re

form of my Character, that f am infenfible
of the Charms of the mos
beautiful part of the Creation, or can
deny to answer any Requeit from a
Lady’s Hand, if I can but read her Letter.
Tho” my Pafhons are under the
severe Corrections of Reason, ard. my
Years are turn’d of that Date when
Love and the §ma/l-Pox are most wholesome
and most natural, yet I frankly 7m

58 The Censor. N’92.

own, I can look at a fair Face with Admiration,
and commend it without the
Hope ‘or Desire of pleasing the Object
of my Praises. Beauty join’d with I[n-
mocence, and such should every fine
Woman be thought whom we do not
know, gives a guiltlefs glowing to my
Heart, recovers the Remembrance of
those Days when my Tongue overflow’d
with paflionate Address, and when that
ceas’d, my Eyes and trembling Joints
{poke for me to the adored Miranda:
Then graver Reflections succeed, and I
begin to examine by what secret Spring
the Charms of an exquisite Form work
upon the Soul, where is that imperceptible
Line which reaches from the Eye
of the Charmer to the Heart of the
Lover, and what can be the Cause of

all that Bitter or Sweet which at one

Season of our Life makes us either Happy
or Miserable. While I am thus engao’d
I cannot help thinking of that —
Part of our Sex, who are the avow’d
Enemies to every thing in Petticoats,
who account it a Piece of Gallantry to
condemn the Fair Sex by Wholesale,
and, like theifis, not content with
dissenting from positive Demonstration,
try to make Converts to their impious

Opinions.

Opinions. I know from my own Ex- te
perience that there are a great many of i
these rough Gentlemen studied
crites, and as a famous Sfoic in a racking
Fit of the Gout, after he had bit his ‘a
Lips a long time, could not help at lat =
crying out, Pais, de thy worf, 1 will
not confe/s thee to be an Evil; {o this ttubborn
Class of Philosophers, in the midit

of their proud Agonies, and the Swellings
of a fpiteful Heart, that pretends

to hate the Object it loves, are reduced _
toa similar Cant of, Woman, do thy worst, 4
I will never own thee to be a Good. It ike
would be but a just Punishment if all e,

the Woman-haters were forced to this ex
Rack, to extort a Confession; and I am be
now thinking of a Method to put in Execution,
by which, I hope, to diminish
the Number of Infidels in this Land.
But, alas! it mult be own’d, that -
there are some real, perfwaded, practical
Foes of the Fair, who set down, as
was said of Ce/ar in another Cafe, feri- —
oufly and foberly to consider of Ways
and Means to overturn the lawful Empire
they have over our Hearts. Some
octors in this impious School who
have had, as such a thing may sometimes
happen, bad Wives, have beat their
Brains

Go The Censor, N 7x. N

Brains in their Studies to prove that gc
Women have no Souls: Which filly Do- Ip
ctrine, if we suppose it true, makes a- ga
gainft them, since then they ought not to to
complain of them, because they are ne- th

ecflary Agents, or mere Machines, and

so could not help being Domeftick Per- |

fecutors: Others have treated them as

if they had no Bodies, and so between

both, we are to be perfwaded out of ‘
our Senies, and look upon them only as ‘
ideal Beings, which have no Foundation
in Nature. Thete Wreiches I would ‘

advise the Ladics to use, as Mr. Bays’s .

Thunder and Lightning do his Audience ;
Mi the Rebcar/al; those of a morebold

Tone and portly Appearance may take ;
the Part of Thauder; the Beauties of a :
fhriller Accent and brighter Mein may | ‘

play upon them in Lightning.

Besides these dull, proving, phlegmatic
Blockheads, there is another Set
of People of a more {pirizuous Turn,
who have bes intollerably guilty of a-
bufing the Ladics to their Faces. These

+ are the Poets, who of all Mankind have
the least Reason, the beit part of their
Wit being owing to their Iafpiration, .
but who have uiccit like some base Bor- '

rowers of Money in Suits against the ;

gencrous

enerous Lender. A Female Corre-
{pondent has drawn up the Charge me
gainft them, and brought the Offenders
to the Bar with fucha brisk Acculation,
that I cannot help inierting her Letter.

Fenerable Sir,

7 F the many Enormities the Theatre

¢ is guilty, [am sure the scandalous
Reflections it is everlasting!y making
on the Women is none of ‘the
least. I mult theretore recommend it
to you, to make your first Attack on
that Quarter. The Piots of almost all
your celebrated Pieces are built upon
Woman's Falfenefs, Cruclty, or Impudence.

If you find in any of them an.

©‘ abandoned Character, to be sure a
© Woman bears it. It an execrable A-
‘ &ion depends upon it, a Woman is
¢ either the Author of it, or the Inftru-
ment. Jntolerable Partiality! Woman
is, allow, the weaker Vessel, but
© does it therefore follow the is the Vi-
© jer? Certainly, No: Our Sex can boat
© of as many Heroines as ours can Fh-

© Your Authors that are best acquainted
with the Taste of an Audience, always
take care to treat them at the

Expence

The CENSOR. 92,

Expence of the Ladies; To prove
<« this; I enly fubmir the following Citations

to your Confi deration.

a Woman,
from the Dro/s, and Refu/e of

Heaven took him flepingy when be made

Her f00,

Had Man “been waking be had ne'er con-

Sented. Spanish F ryar.

Hencefor tb not name a Woman,
Treason to my Ear——They are
The Bane of Empire,and the Rot of Power,

The Cause of all our Murders, Mi (chiefs, |

Massacres.

Woman that damus us all to One jore
Grave,

gind fafier damns, than Providence can save.
Conttantine.

Woman! Woman! Woman! the
Gods

Have not [uch Power of doing Good to Men,
As you of Harm,

Love for Love:

N.72. The Censor. 63

I'd leave the World for him that bates a
Woman;

Woman the Fountain of allbuman Frailty.

What mighty Lils have not been done by
Woman ?

Who wast betray'd the Capitol ?:
Woman!

Who was the Caufeof 4 long ten Years War,

And laid at last old Troy in Afbes?
W oman /

Who los Mark Anthony the World? —<
a Woman!

Defiruttive, damnable, deceitful Woman.

Orphan.

T could give Ten Thousand Inftan-
CCS; but here are enough to convince

you with what Barbariry and Infolence
the Writers for the Stage treat our
© Sex. If you will be a Means to cor-
© rect this Indecency, you will deserve
© well at all our Hands, but particular-
© ly at those of ©

Your Admirer

SOPHONISBA.

To {peak impartially, the Complaint
of is but too just, our Poets

E4 The Censor. 92:7

continually runing riot upon this their
darling Theme, without cither Reason
or Humanity. One -would naturally suspect,
that Disappointment and. iil Success
were atthe Bottom of this Treatment,
but then how bloody is it torake
a Revenge upon the whole Sex, and

fling Firebrands and Arrows blindly, and

without Dittinction, for the poor Peccadillo
of a fancitul Frown, or a mortifying
Repartee? This Wit surely has a

very near relation to Madnels. It is as

ifa Warriour should lay Watte a fair
City, for an Affront from One, perhaps,
the meancft Perion within its Walls.
And then again the Breach-of Civitiry

is so flagrant, that nothing can excute .

it, and surely he must havea very odd
fort of Modefly, who utters the bittereft
Invectives upon the Sex, to the Face
of a Hundred Ladies together, which he
would bluth to do in the Presence of

one alone. Besides, the Male Part of the

Audience are commonly as inexcufable
as the Poct himfeit, tor they seldom
miss testifying their Approbation of his
Infolence by a Thunder-Clapof Applause.

The best Advice I can give in this
Cafe, is, that the Ladies have a particular
View to their pretended Admirers, 7

the Repetition of Passages of this Nature.
Let them calculate by their Behavieur
then, what thew Opinion is of
the Sex in General, and if they strike
in with the vicious Taste of the Audience,
let them be from that Minute
discarded. This is the way to mortify
their Pride, and reduce their Vanity to
a more humble Temper. For my self,
[ am resolved to enter the Lifts in their

behalf, and do hereby. profefs my felt

their Champion upon more just Grounds,
than ever a Anight Errant did in their
ervice.

N° 73. Tuesday, april 9.

Imagines Cornelii Nepotis, & Titi Caffii
tibe ex/cribendas, pingendalq; deleg?.
want cuvam tibi potifimum LAZO:
quia tidi Studiorum /umma Reverentiay
Summus Amor Studioforum; ©& guid
Patriam omuc/7, qui Nomen e-
Jus auxerunt, ut Patriam ipfam veneraris

€F diligis. Plin. Epift.

Nps in whatsoever Dreis it appears

is ever gratcfulto the World,

The CEN sor. 63

it is indeed so sure of pleasing, that it
often does so where it should not, and
recommendsVice it felfto something like
an Approbation: We see that the very |
Perion defrauded cannot help commending
the clean Address or new Turn of
Ingenuity, which an arch Rogue has
made use of to his Damage. But when
Novelty appears to befpeak our Favour
in the Operations of a ope Mind, ora
mafterly Hand, we give into it with
Pleasure, our Applanie flows free, and
uneatorted, and we are proud to be cither
transported Hearers, or admiring
Spectators. It cannot but happen that
in a Nation naturally fruitful of ingentous
Spirits, and ina City which is che
publick Mart of the World, something
of this Kind should continually arise, for
the improving our Underftandings, or the
amusing of our Senses. All Foreigners
know this so very well, that nothing
curious is produced in any Country under
the Sun, but it soon travels to Great
Britain; as being the Place where Novelty
is most encouraged, and Invention
bears the grearcft Price. Is there a Library
of Value, or a Colleétion of Ranities
to be fold in any Part of LEurofe,
wherein an Exglifbman is not the chiefett
Purcha- *

N’-3. The Censor.

Purchaser? Have we not {poiled /taly of
its exquisite Statucs, and finest Pifures,
China of its delicate Clay, and every o-
ther Country of something, which ei-_ .
ther from Nature, or the Fancies of
Men, is held inuncommon Admiration ?
Nay, have not the Publick Decrees of
our Scuate offered larger Rewards to
the Difcoverers of useful Sciences, than i
ever Grecce or Rome of old, or any of our :
present Rival Neighbours, had the Spipit
to promise the Contenders for Glo
ry? In This our Country is highly to
be commended, and if we could be but R
a litele kinder to our selves, in preferring
the Work of our Natives to others, i
and scattering our Rewards at Home
something more equally, we should still

merit a nobler Degree of Praise.
In this Road of thinking was T going
on, when my Printer came {weating in
haste to me with a Letter, which he
said he wasorder’d todeliver to me with
great Speed, and which reqpir’d an immediate
Answer. After thrice looking
onhis Face, and weighing the 1m portance
of the Bufinefsby the feriousTurn
of his Muscles, I opened the Letter, and

read as follows:

58 The Censor. N° 73, -

|] Hope you will do me the fame
© Honour your worthy Predecessor,

the Ingenious Mr. Bickerfaff, did Mr,

Dogeet some Years since, | mean, to
grace me with your Presence at the

Theatre in little Lincelas Inn Fields, on

Thur fday the 1ith of this Initant; to
see the Dramatick Opera called the ©
Prephete/s, or the Hi/ory of Dioclefian,

which will be aéted that Night ,for
my Benefit. If you shall be pleased to
honour me so far, I will keep one of
the Srage-Boxes for you, and your
Friends; and to heighten your Enter-.
tainment, the Front of the Gallery
will be that Night adorned with the
Oviginal Piétures of those Poets, who
have been most excellent in the Dramatick
Way 5 aS, ary Beit.
Fobnfon, Fletcher, Siv Suckling,
and Mr. Dryden. Bese these, there

will be a sin Picce ot our Oipheus,

the late Mr. Fleury Puritily who.
composed the Mufick of this, and {several
other Dramatic Opera’s; A Friend
of Mine will oblige m2 with anew
Prologue on this Occasion, and I have

nothing more to wiih than your Presence

N’ 73. The CENSOR. ae

¢ feice, to compleat the Satisfaction of
¢ the Audience, and that of

Your conflant Reader and Admirer,
Ben. HusBanp.

When [ had read this Epiftle, I could
not but {mile at the re/pefful Spaces the
honest Man had left between, Si, and
the Beginning of his Letter; and the
End of it, and his own Namé.. This
indeed is a good Snare enough for a
Lover to catch a young Girl in, and I
remember, when I was a Youth, I always

used it to my Mistress, and my

Grandmother. But we Philosophers regard

the Substance of things, not the

Show, and indeed Iam nota little plea- |

fed with the Decorations Ben has chosen

for the Scene. It must give a fine ra- _

tional Pleasure to the Minds of a well
turned Audience, to behold, instead of
a trivial Landfchape of a Solitary Tower,

or a waving Grove, all that can be —

preferv’d of the Images of our Fathers
in Poetry. While they trace the Lineaments
and Features of this glorious Assembly,

forming to themselves the Ideas, .
eos how they look’d, mov’d, spoke,

wrote;

70 TheCensor. N°73.

wrote; their Hearts should be infpir'd
with such Sentiments of Delight and
Wonder, as fill’d the Breast of neas’
in the Shades, when he saw the Images
of the great Heroes and Captains who
trod beiore him in the Paths of Fame;

Mighty Souls, as Virgil says, and born in -

better Days. The Poets, methinks, should
lookon Shake/pear with a Religious Awe
and Véneration, and behold him with
the fame Eye Mr. Dryden did, in that incomparable
Poém to Sir Godfrey Kueller,
where he says,

Shakefpear, thy Gift, J place before my
Sight,

And ask his Blessing eer I dare to write.

Or, to go more backward, they may
consider him in the View that Horace
places Pindar, asan_ inimitable Original
whose Flights are not to be reach’d
by the weak Wings of his Followers;
as Dr. Donne does by a Friend
of his. |

Who have before, or frall write after thee,

Their Works, tho toughly laboured, will be

Like Infancy or Age, to — firm Stay 5

Or early, or late Twilights, to

And indeed there is not a greater, Diffe- 1]
rence between the Flower of our Years, Fi
and the Beginning and Decline of them,
than there is between Shake/pear, andall
other English Poets. —

In Ben. Fobnfen, let them imagine to
them{elves the Picture of hard Swear,
Industry, and Study, creeping slowly
after the boundless (ibe of Genius and

Fancy, and painfully collecting from Art
what Nature had denied ; while Fletcher
starts from behind like a younger Bro-.
ther of a Wealthy Family bless'd with

a jarge Fortune, ftillencreafing his Stock,

and gathering more, but never able to a

rife to the Riches of the Patrimonial
Estate. In Sir John Suckling let them
see something of all these mix’d; and :
Mr. Dryden‘and Purcell are so lately
withdrawn from our Eyes, that it is e- if
nough only t6 mention them to raise in ?,
us a thankful Veneration to their Me- ‘
mory. |
Another Use, I think, may be pro- 5
perly made of the exhibiting these Pi- :
ures, and that is, that the Sight of
these Great Men ought to strike our 4
modern Dramatifis with Shame, those
unjust Robbers, who plunder their
Graves, and murder their Memories.

- 72 The Censor, N>73.

Be then the soft Rhimers and Turners
of Verie confounded at the Presence of
Dryden, who imitate the Music of his

Numbers only.as Monkeys do the Aétions

of Men by making them ridiculous!

To these, when they boast of the Chiefs

in Poetry, without reiembling them in
any one Excellence, let me apply that
of Juvenal, to the Vaunters of their
illustrious Lineage, and Expofers of their
Statues.

Vain ave their Hopes, who fancy to inherit,

By Trees of Pediavecs, or Fame, or Merit;

Tho’ plodding Heralds thro each Branch

Old Captains and Di€ators of their Race,

While their ill Lives tha? Family belye,

And grieve the Bra/s which flands difoonour'd
by. |

The mention of these Great Names,
my Reader fees, has carricd me in a
fort of Rapture, to pay some Tributeto
their Athes, forgetting Ben. Husband,
who was the Occasion of it. But I now

return an An{wer to his Letter;————

Mr.

N° 73. The CENSOR. 73
Mr. [/usband, |
certainly come to your Play on Thursday
next, and therefore take care to keep

a Box for me. I [ball enter in a plain Habit,

beeoming the Gravity of my Office, at

the Besinninz of theSecond Ack; and pray
let it be your Province, to see that nothing be
done in the Flouse to provoke ihe Corrc@ion

Yours, The CENSOR.

N° 74. Thurflay, April xt.

Hic Oxus Horret
parvis Animis, parvo corpore majus ;
Hic fubit,ts perfert ; ant Virtus Nomen inane est,
Aut Decus & Pretium recté petit regs

HEN the Poets and the Philosophers

rail at Greatness, and grow
eloquent in describing the Miferies and
Dangers of a high Station, they speak
with such Warmth, that an unexperienc’d
Mind would really believe them so
much in earneit, that no Allurements

could tempt them from their beloved
Vou. E Soli-

74 The Censor N34."

Solitude into the Fatigue of:a Publick
Character. But we well know thar, in
most of these Declaimers, their fine Sayings
are rather the Inventions of the
Head than the Diétates of the Heart,
and, at best, carry with them mgre Grimace
than Truth: He who curses Business,
longing at the fame time to make |
a Figure in it; and he who defpifes a
Court-Life, withing from the Bottom of
his Heart to shine in the Assemblies of
the gay Circles, or the grave Advisers.
However, we will for once suppose that
their) Contempt is sincere, their Language
the Effect of their real Sentiments,
and, by consequence, ‘that there is not
an Object under the Sun more difagreeable
to them than that of the Man who
toils under the Burthen of State- Affairs,
whose Thoughts and Time are engrofs’d
in the Discharge of the Duty of some
important Office, for which he is fitted
both by Genius and by Praétice: This
Man, thall be that Charzfer which
they would net ée, and cannot help Declatming
against.

Burt what Reasons can che Gentlemen
of this Turn of Mind give for their very
ibcral Contempt of such a
They may be reduc’d to Three, the neceflary

The Cansor. 7;
ceflary Fatigues of their Duty, the Hazard
of their pleasing, the Uncertainty of
their Station.

Well then; because these Inconveniences
attend the Great Man, mutt therefore
the Wheel of Government itand

{till for Want of proper Hands to turn it -

in a due Regularity? Are they them-
{elves contentedly happy to stand atadiitance
irom the Scenes of Action, reaping
the. Fruits of Peace and Plenty, and must
no one ftirin the Field of Business, none
sow the Seecs of that Happiness they

love to enjoy? How will even theirown |

darling Tranquility be fecur’d, unless
some active Power was employ’d in quieting
the rising Storms of turbulent Spirits,
and breaking the Beginnings of those
Disorders which they perhaps never
knew or heard of ? If the Spirit of Di/-
cord, thatnow hes itself in dark Places,
and the Corners of Traiterous Hearts and
unquiet Heads, - a to be sent forth in
all its revengefuJ Fury, vexing and tearing

ig every Poth where it walked, (and ©
it would w4lk in every Path) what
would these calm Sans of Indolence say of |
the great Minifer, whose Vigilance
should have restrain'd and ftifled it in its

Infancy ? Would cry,. He

The Censor. N°
ber'd with Design, and slept only that

envious Wretch might arise and sow

the Seeds of Discontent among the Multitude

? What bitter Vows, what heavy
Curses would they pour on the Head of
him, whom they have not now the Gra-

titude to thank, for keeping off the consuming

Sword of the Defroyer, and the

hasty Zand of the Plunderer ?

But now to their Reasons: The
tigwes of their Duty is one Cause why
these Men neither like them, nor their
Duty. Now the Man in a Publick Character
feeling a generous Concern for his
Country, and his Taciinations flrong for
its Service, regardleis of the Difficulty
that waits on b's Poit, sacrifices all lesser
Cares to this important View, all bis
Powers of Mind and Body are nrerefted
and engag’d for that alone. What should
a Virtuous Mind do in return for this,
but breath out all its kindcit Withes
for his success, and ble{s in private,

whose Life is {pent in gathering Bieflings

for the Publick? Instead of this Conduct,
they who are no Sharers in the
Touble, eatch at every of being
busy wrth his Fame, and soiling his
Charader. While he is it ‘iving to make

the Current cicar, they arc exiploy'd in
ruflling

N¢-4. The Censor, 77

ruffing the Surface, and muddying that
Stream which is the common Care of
all. Is the lotsot Time, the neccflary
Lecreations and Pleaiures of Lite, nay,
even of Health infelf, to be retutn’d with
the S&rn of the Indolens, or the Railing
of the Intemperate, and perhaps all
his Pains charg’ = with bate, unworthy

Ends, and imaginary Crimes?
next is: The Haz. ard of
This indeed is a Plea mean

and Spirits to decline the Road .
of Business and -Honour. The Brave
Mind is above it, that Difieulty only
lerviing te ara it with a firmer Retolutionto
undertake the Ta ask, and leave the.
Dous fulne| s of Pleasing to the Event of
its Services. It mud be own’d that
many Countrics this is a tartling Confi-
deration, wiere Applaute depends more
on Humour an Paflion th an the Cenviction
of Facts, and the apparent Good
of the Generaiitv. We knots that chere
isa Nation so wavering in its Principles,
that Prayers and Curses tor one Petion
have proceeded from the fame Mouth ia
the fame Dav, and /7juour and Disgrace
chang’d hands in the Course of a few.
Minutes. This is the Shame ofthe weak
Reafoners, and the haity Believers, not

The Censor. Ne 74,

of the Object they are concerned abour,

He may thill proceed in the fame honett
Tract he firit set out in, and They, not
Ee, be changed. But tuppefe the
lure is furc, yet mutt Intepriry sacrifice
to Humour and Popularity, and either
lead or be led into every Extravagancy
of a bold Competitor, or every W himly
of a faluating Multituce? Not to pleale
in such Circumitances, is to deserve best,
and the only Hazard lies be-ween Con-.
tcience, and the Desire of Power, and

the last when it cannot be retain’d with

the other, is nobly discarded to preserve

For the Uncertainty of their: Station,

tho’ it be a Circumitance to be lamented,

yet itisnot one to be feared by a
generous Patriot. The Point is to do

vood, and promote the best.Means to

that glorious End, and it does not enter

into the Merits of the A@or, whether
the Space that he moves in be fcanty or
wide, whether he continues long, or
but a little while in Office. Those wife

Heads which pretend to moralize on

these Occasions, framing to themselves
imaginary Schemes of Disgrace and Ruin,
while they contain themselves within

Bounds, and launch not out into Particulars,

N 4 The CENSOR.

culars, are safe in their old Sayings and
threadbare Maxims. They might indeed
as well tell us, that one Generation
muit die, and another succeed, that
there will be Changes in the Course of
the World, and such other venerable.
Truths. But they should consider that
when they predict Certainties in their
Political Schemes to any Individual, tho’

their Thoughts are Chimerical, yet they

are really injurious to the Person, as putting

Feols upon furmifing Reasons

themielves, and inventing Tales of Infamy,

and cooling in others that brisk Sin- ..

cerity, which they ufedto exert in the
Defence of Honour and Integiity. Itis
not the time that a groundlefs Report

has {pread and influenc’d so far, that it -

became a general L-xpeétation in every
Class of People, that a particular Officer
was to be removed; and that very Expectation
without any other Reason has

sometimes made it neceflary to remove —

him. This Uncertainty then arises not
from the Station it{elf, since a Man-mpy

have the Happincts of always pleasing

his Matter, and always deserve to pleate

him, and at the fame time be the Ob- |

ject of the Defamation and the Aversion
of others, who are no Judges of his Con-

E 4 duct.

Eo The Censor. -4

du&. Rut, Heaven be thanked! we ar
preient have theleaft Reason of any Nation
to fufpeét 2 Picklenefs inthe Management
of o ur Superiours sthofe Symptoms
of a weak Mind, Which were too
Frereditary 1 our Government, are now
worn our, and{supplied, amore ftedzy
Scheme o: Principles.

It | have not now said enough to quiet
the troublesome Workings of Projetting
Hedds, yet f hope my Endeavours
may fomcthing allay that Malignity
of Tongue, which {preacs its Poison
in every Quarter, tothe Infection of the
well-meaning, and the certain ill-natured
Pleasure of the Factious and Designing.
This I can assure them, that their
Patrons by all thetr fine oo atid
noifie Elequence mean nothing cife but
the Want of Power, the Poffifflien of
which would turn tlic hk m ot their
Discourse, or leave th Comte
] my feli, aiamous Desmage
in the two late Reigus, who bad an ex:
cellent Talentat railing himfelfinto Preferment,
but who whs no sooner warn
in it, but an infuperabie ‘Spirit of Contradiction
flung bia out again. . When
he was in the latter Condition, he cmployed
his Time in collecting {mart occasional

N74, The Censor,

cafional Sentences, which he ftrove to
apply in his Harrangues, with pointed
Personal Refiections. Sometimes in the
Hours of his /piteful Leisure. he would
take abundance of unnatural Pains to
burlesque Horace, or Virgil,into a Britifo
Meaning By this Conduct he wriggied
himtelt in and out of Office, without the
good Opinion of any Body; and dying,
he lett a Name behind him, which no
Man of Senle would envy. This Fetch
of Politicks is now grown tco ttale to
have any Effect, and therefore I would
advile certain Petulant Modern Talkers, av
least for some time, to a Pythagorean S:-
lence.

N°75. Saturday, April 13.

Datu: in Theatro
Cum Plaufus. Hor,

E T us arm our selves never so strongly
against, that weak side of our Nature,
Paxnity, yet in {pite of all the Forcesot
a well-ballanced Head, anda Heare
seemingly difpailion.te, this little Seltflattery
will find a Pailage tothe Sou',

E and

$s The Cunsor.
and cling so close, that it is seldom laid
aside but with Mortality it self. In our
Youth, this natural Frailry lays hold of
us, by representing to us how well we
are turned for the gay Scenes of Life,
gives us an amiable Piéture of our selves,
and makes us fall in with any thing that —
is offer'd in Complimenr to our Person, ©
or our Parts. Years and Experience,
which one would be apt to think were
better Teachers, and able to wear out
the little Spots and Blemifhes that clouded
our younger Days, only supply us
with a different Set of Vanities, which
seem as ridiculous to the Youthful Part
of the World, as theirs do to the Grey,
and Graver Heads. So that it only a-
mounts to this, that we laugh, and are
laughed at in our Turns; and the best
we can say, is, that there are certain
Stages of our Lives, that as naturally
roduce their diftinét Infirmities, as the
Earth does Flowers and Fruits at proper
Seasons, only some are more short-lived,
and others of a more durable Quality,

and Nature.
Should I pretend to exempt my self
from the general Weakness of my Fellow-Creatures,
I must assume aSuperi- |
our Title to that of Censor, and sae

be but ill qualified even for that I aé& in»
if I had not experienced in my self many
of those Fo:d/es I am endeavouring to
correct in Others. But tho’ have by
long Study, and a severe Course of Philosophy,
got the better of those Paflions
which usually carry a high Hand over
our Reason, and are motft uneasy to our
selves and others, yet I cannot say that
Iam wholly divefted of that close-tticking
Garb, which I mentioned at the Beginning
of my Paper, Vanity.

For This 1 have nothiag to. plead but
my Age, which is now arrived at that
Date when Folks begin to tell Stories,
and most frequently in their own Praises.
Now altho’ I have more than once been
the Object of the Laughter of the Gay
Pretty Fellows in Coffee-houses, on Account
of this my Infirmity, yet I cannot
help indulging my self once more in this
Humour, which I think the Occasion
may juftifie. :

In my Paper of Tue/day last I gave Notice,
that I designed to be at the Zheatre
in Lincolas-inn-Fields; and accore
dingly, after I had overcome the Uneafinels
of appearing in so publick a Manner,
gave my Man Orders to brush my
Black-Suit, and prepare my Cloak, being

tempted

The Crnso R. N’ 75.

tempted to look three times inthe Glals,
in‘one Afternoon, (which have not
done lince Miranda died) to adjuit my
Perion, and dress with a Decorum becoming
my Charater. While I was
preparing my felt, | observed my Servant
to {mile every now and then, and leering
upon me with an Air that {poke his
Surprise, he at last ventured to ask me
where I was going. Inftcad of a Reply,
J bid him calla Coach, and order the
Fellow to drive to Lincolns-Inn-Playhouje;
telling him at the fame time to
Keep his Seatin the Upper-Gallery without
Noe, and never to point at his
Mificr. When lTentered at the Stage-
Door, Mr. Husband with a great deal of
Civility addressed himself to me, conducted
me tu the Bex over the Stage,
which he had taken care to spread with
a (as pet in honour of my Pretence at his
Benefit. No sooner did the Audience
behold my Countenance, which, withour
Vanity, has f(omethiag init Veneras
ble, but they gav_ their common Testimony
of Apprebaiion by clapping their
Hinds in Con pliment to my Appeare
ance. Then did twenty vain Images a-
rife in my Mind, and 1 was tempted to
compare my with Muguffus, Virgil,

Bicker fiaff,

N-5 The Censor.

Bicke: Raff,.and the Isord knows who;
bur, th anks to my Philolophy, [ int
fupprets’d those mdi: ulous’ yentiments,
and attended to the Play with proper
Nods, Smiles, and an unaffected Alteration

of my-Posture. There was a Wage

of an Actor there, who endeavour’d to

break in upon the well-fenced Gravity

of my Temper by odd Gefticulations

bold Starings, and impertinent Winks; }

but I was proof againit his Bu/fooury, and
Jett him b pleate himself, and my Fvor-

The greatelt Pleasure that I receiv'’d
through the whole Play, was tooblerve
thole Orisizal Piftures that were the Ornaments
of the Gallery, and could not
help taking notice that Nose-less Sir

William Davenant had more fearful Srarers
from the Pst than any of the rest of
his Fraternity.. For my own Part, my

Eye dwelt upon my Favourites Shakefrearand

Dryscn, tho’ Toften stole aLook

on the Company, which gave me avery.

sensible’ Delight. Honelt Alustand,
thought 1, has itruggled with great Difficulties
by chuling his Play in Competition
with two tormidable Rivals; bur,
I luppole, he depended on Thur/day’s being
a lucky Dey according to my Calculation

86 The Censor.

culatian in my Second Paper. And indeed
it ‘pave so,

cannot say that the Circle of the

Fair was {o well fill'd as might have been

expected, but then I consider'd that I

was an Old Man, and that Nicolini had

 @ Benefit the fame Night, tho’ I am

proud to tell the World thatthere were.

Ladies of a Britify Taste, who seem'd
to prefer me to the best Foreign Eunuch
of them all. | Indeed, whatever our
Beauties may think of the Matter, as
old as I am, I would not change Circumstances
with that celebrated Vox,
preterea Nibil, for all his Money.
When the Play was almost finish'd {
was conducted out in the fame manner

as I enter’d, and asking Mr. Husband

for the Prologue, which 1 loft by coming

so late, he very frankly put the Copy _

into my Hands, with Leave to print it;

and, I hope, I. have no Pardon toask of

— the Author on this Account; I am sure
I am oblig’d to him for lengthening
out my. Paper, |

PROQ-

The Cansor. $7

PROLOGUE {poken at Lincolns-
Fields Theatre, on Occasion of the
Pictures of our old English Dramatick
Poets being plac’d in Front of the
Gallery.

wwe gaze

On Heroes dead, but living fi] in Praise ;

Ev'n as we prize their Marble Heads in Butt,

Guarding the Tombs that hold their facr cd

With [uch Esteem should our admiring Age

View these Dead Fathers of the Britith
Stage :

Teaching their Eyes, in ev'ry rev’rend Line

To trace the Signatures of Wir Divine.

What living Wonder, whose Immortal —

Name

Muji stand hereafter on the Lift of Fame,

Who has Renown thro’ thickeft Dangers
fought,

Made Death a Pastime, or a Blenheim
fought,

But sighs to think, be liv'd not in the Days

For These great Matters to record bis
Praise!

Whas

W Ith Pleafere, as

3 The Censor. 7S.

What envied Fairy to whem indulgent
Lleav'n
Has ali the lavifp S! ack of Beauty giv ity
That ever, in Exce/s of Rapt ure Prain ds
A Lover fancy’, wea Poet feigw'e,
But fichs to think, Thele caniot fisialize
The sointed Glories of her conquring Eyes!

What Son of Phoebus, panting for the
Bays,
(The wiji’d Rewaré of his afpiving Lays)
That does not mourn bis too enervate Strain
ants Johnson’ Judgment, and old Shakes
Vein!
Yet doubt nak, Heroes, of lapting Name,
IV biift in your Country's Cause you tol for

Fane.
Nor doubt, ye Fairy your Beauties foall in-
[pire

Tho Hero's Passion, and the Poet's Fire.
Virtues like yours, tf any, five muff raile
A Gersius as Vheirs to your Praise.

We only mourn, on our declining Stace,

We want a Spirit equal to their Rage;
And tho’ more Wits than ancient Rome we
boast,

Roman Rofcius the Stage is loft.
Tue, aay

N°762 The Censor.

Lior.

HIE Revolutions: of the Seasons,

Approach of solemn ‘Fimes in the
Year, are genera! ly considered with a
View to fomg worldly Pleasure or Advantage.
The Preparations that are
made relate either to the {pending the
Days with most Delight,’ or turning

them to the best Account by an Encreafe

of Circumstances. I have visited
in some Families about Chrifmas, thar
have been reckon'd People of an exemplary
Conduct, and yer the making the
Pyes and Plum pottaze, sending to. the

Carriers for the Brawn and Turkeys, and.

the precise Calculation of Visits pronis’d,
and Entertainments to be made,
have even there appear ‘d the reigning
Considerations. brings Preporations
of another Kind; the’ Discourse
runs on fixing the Cogntry- Lodcings, the

concluding what Turniture mutt be tagO

The Censor. N° 76,
ken with them, and worfying the Draper
and Silkman for Patterns to make the
Children as gay as the Season. -
For my own Part, as I am advane’d
in Years, as well as in my Temper but
little turn’d to such Levities, I view
these solemn Circulations of Time in a
Light that best becomes a Man of
Thought and Christianity. My Refie-
Ctions are wholly abftracted from Humane
Concerns, and [ think my {elf cbliged
to grow an Anchorite to the World.
After this Profession, I hope, I need
not warn my. Readers not to be disappointed
if they meet no Flight of Gaiety,
no Essay of Humour, in my Lucsbrations
of this Week. The famous
Persian Monarchs, as we are told, had
certain Persons difpers’d o’er their Dominions,
who were call’d the Ears and
Eyes of the Emperor, These ferviceable
Officers, without being discover'd,
watch'd and reported the Motions. of
the Subject so juftly, that their Matflers
being inform’d of -the most minute Occurrences,
were by the Vulgar reputed
Gods trom so strange an Intelligence. I
shall imitate these £a/fern Politicians in
a lower Sphere,and plant my Scouts in

the most frequented Coffee-hou/es, to ic

Zhe Caensor.
mark the Behaviour of the /mart Libertines,
upon my assuming a Subject with
which they think it impertinent to —
trouble their Heads. I expect from
these Spies, to hear that my Paper will
be curs’d for its Formality ; that it will
be said, Zhe Fellow is turn’d Preacher;
and that, Who would have fu[petted these
Le from the Censor, when he was vain
enough but the other Day to appear at the
Play -houwle ?

lf [I find, that upon the Important
Theme, to which I hav@set apart this
Week, I cannot obtain the Attention
of my Readers, nor obiige them to li-
{ten to what should be their Duty, I
may be provok’d to turn Demo/ibenes’s
Arts upon them, and shame them into
a little Thought and Application. Left
this Threat should not he so generally
understood, I fhail take the Liberty of
explaining his Method. When that O-
rator was, on a Time, pleading the Defence
of his Client who was brought to |
the Barr upon a Cafe of Life and Death,
the Court, unattentive to the Merits of
the Cause, were generally engag’d in
private Difcourfes, and grew so noifie as
to interrupt his: Pleading. Demofhenes,
who with Indignation perceiv’d their
Stupidi-

gr The CENSOR. N76,

Stupi dity, altering the Tone .of his
Voice and Stile of “his Oration, acdrets'd
em thus. Aden of Athens, said he, t-
mit me to entertain you Siocarry
/ome Goods from Athens to
Lhe was lozded, and the "dad
Driver Set out on sheir Mint
Noon, the Heat of the Sun becoming in/utportable
to our Travelers, the Faélcr, untying
the Load, arew Part of it out, and

Pretching it over bis Head, walk'd under the

Canopy. Tie D: who was a frallieus

fellow, Wit allow the Fa&lor this Aawantace:

upon which a de/perate Quarrel

the One on bis Right of
tag himself from the Sun, and the Other

Gfferting- that bis As was bird alone
to carry the Buvthen. ‘The
whole Court obferv'd the ftriéte ft Silence,
whilit the Story. lasted, at the End of
which Demofihenes descended from the

When the People afham’'d of

their former [mpertine: ice, intreated him
to mount again, and go on with his

Pleadings. Ascending as they defir’

could be fileit, said He, Country
mest, to Me talk of au Se
but world lend no Eat when [pol
of am Athenian that arrvaiga’d for b:
Life.

N’ 76. The CENSOR. 93

The Application of the Orator’s Reproach
is so cafie, that I may leave it to
every Man's private Reflections, and return
to the Purpose of my Paper, which
J design’'d of a more grave and solid
Nature. ‘I. had meant to perfwade my
Readers to dye, if poflible, tor a while
to the World; and to let the Objeét of
their Redemption, now so shortly to
be celebrated, make iuch proper Impressions
om their Souls, as to iteal them
away from Mortal Concerns. I have |
read a Letter, which to Me seems a |
fine Invitation to such Thoughts. Ic |
was wrote about Fouricore Years since
by aGentleman at Paris,to Mons, D’ 4:
glurey Who then lay‘on his Death-
Bed: Its most affecting Parts are as fol-

Cannot help reminding You that
© thetime of The Paffon approaches,
the Memory of which ought to take
up every Spirit, and fill the Heart of
every Christian. As it is the Foundation
of our Salvation, so should it be
© of our Hope, and principally of our
© Love. The sacred Intticution that we
owe to it ought to engage our }ffections,

94 The Censor. N°76,

ctions, and the Love that was expref-
© fed, and the Blood that was shed for __
Us, should excite all our Refentments,
€ all our Tenderness. I would therefore
to the utmost of my Power, exhort |
¢ You to turn the fhorr Remnant of
your Life to the best Account, andto
¢ detach your self from the World, and-
© all its Impertinences. Look on great
¢ Riches but as great Obstacles to you? |
© Happiness, that corrupt the Purity of
© our Manners, and debauch our Rea-
sons that often make Us prefer the |
€ Gift to the Giver, the Creature to the
« Creator. Yet there can be no Prefe-
© rence more unjust than this: Aspire
not therefore but at Eternal Treasures,
¢ and that your Heart being void of a-
< ny Inclinations to the Earth, may be

prepar’d for fuchas are Celestial. Alas!
my Friend, you have Time enough ~
behind to make you a Saint. Ir is
not so material how you have liv’d for
the past, if you are touch’d with Sorrow
for having offended him, whom it
is our Duty to adore. Make then a
Sacrifice iv God of all the Facultiesof = |
our Soul, as well as of the Members
of your Body. Look on Life and
© Death as things indifferent, provided

N°76 Censor. — 9¢

you have a Regard tothat which mutt
tollow the Diflolution of every Humane
Creature. You have here, Sir, the
Sentiments of a Friend that has advis’d

you upon less important Heads, and

Intereits purely humane. Believe that
thele are of an infinite Consequence;
and, I profefs, I ihall be concern’d to
the last Degree, if you should flight |
such wholefom Admonitions as tend
alone to your true Happinels. Resign
your {clf entirely to Providence, without
negleéting the Means for your Recovery:
You are allow’d.a Recourse
to the Aid of Man, as well as of Heaven,
for the Restoration of your Health, |
and for the Continuance of a Life,
which you may only wish prolong’d
for the perfecting your Repentance.

The Circumstance of D’ Anglere’s then

lying ona Sick Bed, makes not these
Precepts more remote to*the Interests of
Us that are in Health: And if they are
our Duties, they are most acceptable,
when most voluntary; whilst our Bodies
are Strong, and our Spirits in Vigour,
and they are not encourag’d by
the Admonitions of a faultring Confiitution.
|

Thur/{day,

N° Thur/day, April 18.

Si, Mimmermus uti cen ot, sue Amores Foci
Nil cfi sucundum, vivas in Amore, ‘foci /aue.

Hor.

HE most sensible Convi&tion, that
arifesin the Mind of Man, proceeds —
from Experiment ; This brings Truth |
home to the Senses, and. stamps it so
forcibly on the Soul, that it can never
be-forgotten or eras'd. Berore the Try-
al is once mace, Speculation may amule
us with ten ‘Vhoufand vain Notions of
being in the right-One way, or nd te
a Wauiingnefs to encounter “the Evil,
a Sulp.cion of its not being One, may
puth us tor ward tO the Act .. But the
Smart of Suffering, or the After-Refletion
of the Folly teaches Us a better
Jue makes That demonttrative
Knowledge, which was before either .
Barney or ion.
Ir muit be own ‘dy it is a good thing {
to begin carly to faton the Minds of |
Youth with juit Nouons of Virtue and |
Religt-

N° 77. The Ce msor. 97

Religion, and infufe into them an Abhorrence
of vicious Prineiples, because
it lays a Foundation of thinking well;
and as long as the Guide is by to apply
to tne Rule, it mutt be of some Service
in the Conduét of Lite. Bur, indeed,
it is as true that whea that Reitraint
1s remov’d, these fine Principles.
are not of any material Consequence,
The Mind begins to examine those Maxims
which it had geceiv’d as ‘Truths,
thinks Some too severe, Others too antiguated,
and all of them great Obftrue
ctions to the Schemes of Gaiety and
Pleature. In this Cate it is not’ very
hard to determine which way the Byafé
will lean; the strong and powerful Sollicitations
of Passion and- Appetite bein
a considerable Over-match to the final
Forces of Reason and Precept, which
at that time of Day are commonly very
barren of the Fruit thar they bear afterwards,
thole natural Deduétions which
follow from Thingsfuppos’d to be true. .
I torbear to mention many other Mo-~
tives cowards Vice, which work accordto
Inclination, Ac: ident, or Company;
because, perhaps, too Miany
would conttrue! them as Arguments for ©
Voc. ILI. the.

«8 The CENSOR N* 97.

the Indulgence of those very Vices which
Lam endcdvouring to correct.

As we have naturally a Disbelief of
every Truth that thwarts the violent
Stream of our Will, so it is really not to

be expected that we should hearken to »

the cooler and fedate Thoughts ot O-
thers, while the Power of that Impulie
remains. Ifa Man under these Circum-
{tances had ask’d the Advice of Socrates,
he would have drawn him on by eafie
Concessions into the Snare of condemning
himself, and making him afham’d
of his own Understanding. But, tho’
the Conlulter were never so much puzzied
by the intangling Lozick of the
Philosopher, yet his Wil] would have
still remain’d uncorre€ted: And those
very Passions, which jecm'dto be thock’d
for the Time of the Vifpute, would recurr
with an equal Vehemence, whiie
the Adviser was not at hand to uf¢ the
fame pretty Magick in jaying them. On
the contrary, had he made Application
to Ariftippus, he mighe have left, perhaps,
the Stung of a imart Sentence or
two upon Him, anc deferr’d him to the
Experiment for a better Conviction. He
would have said, Go, get drunk,
Méifrefs, and come and tell me next Mori-

The Censor. cg
ing what you think of these SatisFriions.
You shall be a better Phils/opher to your elf,
than I can be to low. Upon Examinats
on, this Management may bey. perhaps, °
more just than that of Socrates: For ’tis -
well known that upon the Prospect of

Pleasure, the Imagination is ever upon

the Stretch, exerting all its Powers to
form the Subject of them, whatever it
is, in the mott agrecable Drets; so that
when it comes to the Telit, whatever
falls fhorr of the conceiv’d J/dea not on-.
ly leffens the Delight in Proportion to
That, but teaches us to believe that it is
the fame in-all other Things. By this’
Means, the Man who is well cur’d of

one Vice, may be cur’d at the fame

Time of Twenty ; at least it goes so far,
25 to make a tew more Tryals the Foundations
for a Certainty in all.

In this Argument my Reader fees that
have omitted the severe Penances which
Vice makes its Patients undergo ; which
is a Correction that they will certainly
meet with one time or other. Vice
fooths, pleases, and Alatters at first, and
uses its Servants much as 7/op did the
fawvcy Slave that hit him with a Stone:
“© Thank you, Sir, said he, and putting
his Hand in his Pocket. gave hi:

F 2 some

The Censor. N°7>,

some Money, excufing himself that.

“© he had no more; but told him that
“© if he would do the fame Favour to a
© Person of Diftfictyon who was walknear,
he would reward him bet-—
ter.” The Fellow took his Advice,
and was hang’d for his Impudence. |
need not say that a Courle of Wickednefs
has often carried the. Jest as far
as A:/op did: tho’, indeed, that was not
the Penance I meant, which is onethat

causes Amendment.
In this Kind of Experiment, Wickednefs
being a Scourge to it self, a Re-.
formation of it is very powertul {ceconded
by Nature: Fora Man may poflibly
get over all Sense and Inclination to his
Duty; he may proceed so tar as to dilregard
the Opinions.of the World, and
not so much as be afham’d of any Guilt
he centracts; but he mutt see! the Uneafinefs
of diftemper’d Organs, turbulent
Motions of the Spirits, anda languid
Frame of Constitution. These Anxieties
must remind him of the Causes;
and, perhaps, his first Thought may be
to avoid them for the future. ‘Tothefe
a Series of foberer Thoughts will succeed,
and he will at least begin to think
that there was something in those Precepts

N- 77... The Censor.

cepts of Virtue which he once defpis'd.
Punishment, as it quickens his Faculties,
so it clears the Medium which he looks
thro’, and represents all Objects in their
true and natural Colours. Repeated
Tryals are but repeated Evidences of the .
fame Truth.
That what I have advane’d may not
be so tar mis-interpreted by Libertines as
to make them plead the Neceflity of
being Vitious in Order to be Virtuous,
I mutt leave this Caution with them, to
compute from the Milery of others what -
the Effects of. their own Follies would
be. The Difference between the Practice
of good and bad A@tions, is, that
there is no Danger in the firfi, but a
great deal in the latter: And he mutt
be very hardy who will venture on that
Coast, where he fees Five out of Ten
loft before him. ‘Tae Loss and Sufferings
of every Extravagant are just so
much Gain to a rational Spectator; and
of all Remedies in the World Prevention

is the most eafie, and most happy.
But if, after all, the School of Fools
won't teach us Wisdom without making
us of the Number, we arefure of being
lesson'd in the End by our own Calamities.
It is enough to Men of Sense,
F 3 who

YOR The Censor. 97>,

who have any future Views, that the
Biorks of Darkne/s, as the Apostle phrafesit,
are unprofitable at lealt of no Ule
nor Advantage at alls butthe Objtinate
and Selt-will’d may be convinc’dto their
Ceft, that they whe sow Wickedne/s /hall,

as Job exprefies 1t, reap the Whirlwind, |
an unquicet, turbulent Strate of Life;
which may either {weep them away ai.

one violent Gust, or blast and weaken

their Powers so, as to make them dread ©

a Fall from the next feeble Breath rhat

shall happen to affail them. |

N° 72, saturday, April iz.

Animas, fuperuma, ad Lumen ituras ;

Virg.

O T HIN G gives a fairer Proof
of the Truth of a reveal’d Religion,
than that the System of it is cafe, |
lain, and natural; not wrapt up in ain-
Sinan Terms, or puzzled with the Conceits
of vain and unexplaining Philosophy.
Even thole Parts which, as Mat-.

ters of Faith, carry with them the great-

N° 73. Censor. 103
est feemjng Difficulties, are infinitely
more agreeable to Reason, than the wild
and uncertain Conjectures of the Ancient
Sazesy of whatsoever Sect or Denomination.
For first, as to their general Notions,
\they were dark in themselves, and
made more so by the Confusion and Jargon
of Terms to which they had affix’d
no certain /éeas: So that every Matter
in their Schools, interpreting the Maxims
of their Founder, according to their
private Fancies, gave Birth to that Multiplicity
both of Partiesand Errors which.
appear’d among them. Thus they may
be said not only to have walk’d in the
dark, but to have taken false Guides too -
And it is no‘Wonder then, ifthey were
led out of the Way, and loft in endlels
Labyrinths of Dispute. |

No better Instances can be given of

their imperfe& Reafonings, on the moll

material Queflions that Philosophy is capable
of handling, than those thar relate
to the future State of the Souland the
Body. They would fain have assigned
some Reasons for their separate Existence
in anorher Life ; and, indeed, tried to
measure out Rewards and Punishments
in their Way: But thentheir bett Arguments
were so much overflourifh’d with ©

Fiction,

704 The CeXsor. N°

Fidtion, or weaken'd by large Conceffithat
they could not but their
Mindsin great Doubtfulnefs and-Sufpence.
The fineit Piece which we have of Antiguity,
and which indeed is more fine
from the Eloquence of P/azo’s Stile than
any Certainty inthe Maxims of his Mafier
Sccrates, proceeds the way upon
Suspicion, without any fair and positive
Proof: When in the Heat of his Spirit
he has taken his Flight into the Regions |
of /mmortality, he is every where amu- |
sing, sublime, and rapturous; but then
we know not how he came there, or
from what certain Point he set out. and
the whole Afedium betwixt the Present
Life, and the Next, ixan Interval of
Darkness which the Philosopher made
haste to leap over, only for the. Pleasure
of running into extravagant De criptions
of Happiness, where he could neither
be confuted, nor confute others.
This must be the Reason, wiy Tu//y has
so finely remark'’d on this Book of Piaro’s:
6¢ T don’t know how it 1, says that ex-
© cellent Judge, bur I find it to be true
“© that when | read Plato upon the Im-
‘6 mortality of the Soul, | seem = convinc’d
of the Truth ot his Notions,
and am willing to celicve all he says;

“© butas soon as ever I have laid the Book
out of my Hand, my former Conviéti-
on slides away from me, and I turn
Sceptick again.” This is the Meaning,
tho’ not the exact Words of Za//y. The
good Man was charm’d with the Sweetness
of the Eloquence, and the matterly
Paintings of the Deicriber; but, upon
Recolleétion, he found he was cheated
with Words initead of Reason, and mittook
bare Opinion tor Argument.

If then their greatett Wits have confess'd
so much of their own Weaknels,
what must we expect to find in their subordinate
Claes, what Dreams and Shae
dows, what idle Conje€tures, and what
unnatural Conclusions? The Pythagorean
Notion, which bids fair tor rhe Oldest
amongtt’em, makes the Soul pass from
One Body to Another, and run through

all the different Species ot Creatures, by
way of Reward or Punishment:. Allow.
ing it a Memory o: its patt States to
make its present more happy or more miserable.
Phe Ablurd:ty ot making 4 Soul,
which once a¢tuated a Humane Frame,
be debis'd by entering into iides* and
Pium: ARC, 1S gross bear a Re putation:
Besides, that it ha been of en refured
by the Detirovers of each others
Sy stems. Fs Plats

Plato, who has mix’d the Pythagorean
Notions with an Addition of some tew of
his Own, makes the Souls of Men in 2
furure State capable of Misery and Happiness,
and returnable into a Hurnane
Frame. Virgil has given us this Syitem
at large, and “dress'd it in a mott apreta- |
ble Manner; the Deteés of which wil! |
be best seen by recounting some particu- |
lar Passages in his 6th The Ob- |
jets that are presented to weas, at his |
Descent into the Shades, in Firher Con- |
dition, are deferib’d as fine organiz’d
Matter, that fall under the Senies of
the Hero, receiving according to their
Merits or Demerits their proper Stations
inthe Mansions below. But then there
was but one Parcel of them who were
deftin’d to reafcend, and be united again
to a Humane Body. In this Scheme,
the cloathing the Spectres wah only a
finer Texture of Matter, ismeerFancys
and it is a Doubt whether the partial
Allotment of only Some to enter into
Life again, be a Reward or Puntthment.
Te were needless to enumerate any more
of these, or other Notions of the sfophers;
and therefore [ tha! ge on to thew
all ther Abfurdities inore plainly, by
opposing to them the Principles ot re- :
Th 1S |

The CaNsoR. 107
This tells Us, that after the Natural

Divorce by Death, the Body and the.

Soul thall be reunited, and exiit rog ther
ina future Strate. It ‘does not ask this as
a Concession, but by clearing our Nott
ons of a Divine Beings and representing
its Aitributes in a more full and extenae
View to our U ngs, makes
It n thattrom the comprehends
ing the One, the Orher should naturally
follow. Thus tho’. the Heathens, at.
leait the wutit of them, believed the
Power of Creation inthe Supream Aue
thor of all things; yet had they no
Thoughts of that Power extending so

far, as to join again the fame Particles

of Matter, r to which it hiad infused a
Rational Soul, and cause them, after ten
thousand Mutations, at one Summons
to be reburit to receive the fame Inha-

bitante. One would imagine,. that tne

very sea of an Omnipotent Agent thould
necessarily include a!l those Consequences
which Christianity teaches us: and

yet without Revelation, it could not so

much as enter into their Heads, that a.
in our Senie could be. Burt
the Argument of there being. sorhing ime
poole with God, answers at once all the:
scruples which Philosophy cither finds

x08) Censor. 78.

Or invents. Our Reason too gives its

Suffrage to this side of the Quettion,
since it there be any Comparison to be
made in the Cafe, the Power ot Creating,
which is granted by all, is greater than
the reaffembling the confuled parts of
Things, already Created, into a certain
Form, or Order. And again, how confo-
nant to the measure of juitice isit, how

correfpondentto the Attributes of a wife
Governour, that the Puntfhmenr, or the
~ Reward should square with the Offence,
or the Merit ? The fame Person chat is,
the united Substances of Spirit, and
Matter, become the Odjeét of the Divine
Wrath, or Bencficence? Hercin is

no Perplexky, no continual shifting of

the Scene from Place to Place, and driving
thro’ an infinite Number of Chanes,

to be succeeded by as many more, |

only to hide our Ignorance, and disguise
che Lamenefs of our Reason.

But a greater Argument still remains
behind, which the poor benighted Heathens
could have no just Notion of, unless
we will-account Those such, which
were laughed at, and exploded by their

Philosophers. _We-have a matier of Fad
to prove the Truth of the Re/urrection,
it has atually been, and witnefled to by

N°-8. Yhe Censor. 109

a Number of Evidences, such as is sufficient
to ascertain the Truth of any one
Historical Point, tho’ seemingly never
so difficult. ‘The Time to contest ir,
and the Reasons for contesting it, were ©
very powerful Circum ‘tances to induce
the Enemies of our Faith to begin then,
and yet it was not attempted; so plain,
so certain, so Publick, was the great Arricle

of the Christian Belief manifefte

without Contradittion. |
Now, he who wiil seek farther than
the Prootsarifing from Rea/on, and from
Faé?, will never be contented with any
other, since they must needs be Inferiour
to these. they may indeed put
curious and impertinent Questions concerning
the Manner of tts being tranfacted,
but deserve no better Answer than
that of the Apostle, O Fool’ This Reprimand,
tho’ a fufhcient Check to unneceflary
Enquirers, did not hinder him
from giving tuch Reaions to prove the
Truth of his Assertion, as I should wrong
by giving them in anv other Words but
hisown. To those Ireterthem, which .
when they have examined, | hope, they
may receive anoble Christian Confidence
to Our with him at the ion,
in that fine /pefropbe; O wher Fis
thy Sting? O Grave, where is th; try?

110 The Cen son. N° 79.

Tuesday, April r3.

Usile finitimis ab/finuife Locis. Ovid.
M Y Correspondents of both Sexes

have called upon me very much of

late. totreat of the Subje& of Love, and
I find their Demands encreafe upon me,
upon the nearer ipproach of the Sun to
our cold Climate; that God of Day, as
the Poets call him, causing very troad/e-
some, uneaiie Nights to the Youth of our
Nation. Fiore’ia complains, that she has
not flepe well ince Fosguils have blown,
and poor Afirti.lo only withes for the.
spreading ot the Leaves, to make the
Shades more agreeable to his beloved
Shepherdefs. Orhers ot my Love-Ca/uifs
put Cales to me about the properett Season
of wrestling with the Fair, and whether
abeautitul Bed of living Gra/s is not
much more preterable than when mowed,
and tossed into the Form of a Hay-
Cock. Tothe last Lanfwer, that if the
uiual Spring-Fitts, which are
fumetimes attended with very unlucky
SyMptonis,

Neyo. Zhe Censor. 111

Symptoms, could be prevented, I should
judge this part of the Year more proper
to take a Fall in, than the fiery Season
of dutumn. My Opinion is grounded
upon some Physical Reasons, which it is
not material for them to know, only I
would advise them in the Choice of their
Places ot Diversion a little, before I comply
with their Humour in medling with
that most comprehensive Subject Love.

Whatever Scenes they are pleased to
pick.out to {pend those gay Parts of
Time, which mifnamed /7/0/y Days,
I] desire them rather to chuie such as lie
near the Water; it being my Opinion
that that Conveyance for Lovers is not
only more cheap, but more wholesome
and delightful, ‘than being ftrfled up in
a Hackney-Coach. Men no doubt
will plead for Coacces, but warn my
Fair Readers not to ust ato those
Vebicles, withcut. giving me a diftin&
Account of the Age and Comp!:étion of

their Gallants, and receving an Order

under my Hand forthat Practice. Thee

I call and have Ieft

some in my /iater’s Hands, to be disposed
of upon proper Application. 1 gave
One the other Day in the Form follow-

Love-

¥I2 The Censor. N° 79:

Love-Warrant from the Censor,

L; having been certified to me by Mis

Fenny Foln/on, and likewise by the Atteftation
of her Mother, and several Matrons
in the Neighbourhood, that W1//i-
am Wag fiaff Efg; her Lover, is turned
of the Age of Thirty Five, of a Dry
Conffitution in the Third Degree, and 1s
but lately recovered of a Fit of Sickness,

do permit the above-mentioned Par- °
tics (oO goin a Coach as far as Kenjfington,

and no tarther; and any H/ackney-Coachman
is hereby permitted to take them up
without Scruple, upon Sight of this
Order.

Signed, The CENSOR.

have not heard that any other Consequence
followed u:on this Warranr,
but a of Chickens and A/paragus, a
moderate Glass of Wine, and a feafonable
Return from the Gaidcns at evenin
the Evening. If the Youth would be
bur so just to themselves as to come into
thele Meatures, sh. that

immoderaic Contumpts Ch urcpe
Warden's Capons, so cnoimeuily pra&ie

N° 79. Zhe Censor. 113

fed in all the Parishes of this populous
City. The Noisy Pleadings in 4 efmin-
Rer-Hall, occafioned by unfeemly
of Battery, would be by this Means much
less frequent than at pretent; and Doétors
Commons would not be so.ofcen obliged

to punith and bind up the offending Fe- |

male Tongues to their good Behaviour, -
which they now can hardly effect with |
all their Fines, and Damages. Nothing
would be heard of but the Trade ot Li-

cences, the Revenue of which would be

vattly improved, if my Scheme thould
take Place |
Instead of this wholesome Practice,
Jet but the few Philosophers of our Age
walk over the and fitgb-gate
Fields; and how fhail their Eyes be offended
withthe Sight of irregular Decumbitures?

Instead of One curious Botanift,

who is ranging: over the Meadows for .
useful Simples, to allay the feverifh Heat
of the Blood, and preserve Life; what
Numbers shall he meet with, who take
a Pleasure in bruising the tender Plants,
and heightning that Cra/s of the Blood,
which Nature designed them for to moderate
? Even Greenwich-Park, tho’ one
might expe& the Company. there to be

more temperate from their Watcr-Carriage,

114 | The Cens or. "9,
riage, has not been without threwd

Signs of the evil Disposition of its Walk. |

ers. Heaven knows what ocd Buiinefs
goes on below, while honest Mr. F.amffead
is obierving the Conjunttions of
the heav’nly Bodies. I say nothing of
some famous Chaces that were formerly
made within those Limits, tho’ I believe

they made as much Noise at one time, —

as the. Signing of Magna Charta in Runny-
Mead did heretofore. If that Trade had
been vigorously pursued by the Youth
of our Nation from the Example then
set them, I am atraid we should have
been forced to build another. kind of
an /7o/pital, as large as that for the Emeritt

in the other Warfare.
Beside these Places, I cannot but refle&

with some Concern on the Nume-
ber of Gardens round about this spacious
City, where nothing is less minded than
the Culture of the Flowers and Fruits.
You may indeed meet with a Hot-bed or
Two for Cucumbers and Melons, but the

rest is all barren Shade, or withdrawing

— Boxes, Towers, and Ships, to make some
amends forthe other Dete&. In these
Gardens we may fav as Milton does ot
in Sicily.

That

The Censor. rig

That fair Field |
Enna, where Proferpine,
Flowers,

Hlerjeif a fairer Flower, by gloomy Dis

Was cather'd.

What thall I say of those polite Artificers
who have contriv’d to bewilder the
Mind every ftepthe pretty Walker takes,
and by dividing and puzzling the Paflages
of the green Roads, leave her as
much at a stand which Path to chule as
ever Knight-Errant was, and give her,
perhaps, as many Troubles and \dven=-
turer as ever the best of chem encounter’d
with? These Inventions, it must
be said, keep up to the Designs of their
firt Founder, and Labyrinths are still the
Concealers of Shame. Let the’ Ladies »
therefore have a just dread of entring into
these Places; let them believe it to be
all enchanted Ground, where it is Ten
to One if they do not raise.a Devil or a
Conjurer, sooner than an Hare or a Partridge.

And now I am giving Advice, I must
go onto make it of Use to all the Parties

of Pleasure and Diversion the Season

affords. In general then; I beg ofthe
Fair

116 The CENSOR. N° 79,

Fair Sex not to accept of the customary
Present of a Green Gown; but always to
remember, at those kind Offers, the
old Proverb, There ssa Snake in the Gra/s.
T except the Poets from-this Rule, who
if they will but make as good a Copy
of Vertes as Mr. Waller has on the fame
Occasion, the FALL may be forgiven.
Let them try to make such an Apology |
as the following Lines at the Conclusion

of that Poem.

Then blush not, Fair, or ¥n him frown,
Or wonder how you both came down,
But touch him, and he'll tremble freight,
slow could he then support your Weight? -
How could the Youth, alas, but bend,
When bis whole Heav'n upon him lean'd?
If ought ami/s by him were done,
Twas that be let you vife so soon.

I must forewarn them too of Mu/sick
and Dancing; those Recreations, . unless
they had a powerful Sy/ph to keep them
from tripping, being a little too slippery
to be truiled at any other but the Goodof
Chrifmas. Vt they have an Inclination
to be Spectators only of Feats
of Adtivity, Tie Pofman informs me thar
one of their own Sex, the Lady Butterfeild,

N'79. The Gensor. ‘107

feild, shows in Publick to Morrow ;
“© She challenges any Womanin Eng/znd
© to ride, orleapa Horse, run a-foot, or

hollow, tho’ Seven Years younger; — .

‘© butnota Day older, because the would
not undervalue herielf.

Methinks there ts more Spirit in this
Advertisement than in any of our Sword/>
men’s at Marybone, and her {corning so
take the Advantage of Age, tho’the allows
itto others, is perfectly Heroinical.
{ am notfo much satisfied in other Points
indeed, and it is no small Scruple to me
to fix the Date, when /eaping of Hor/es,
dollowing came to be Female Diverfions,
unleis we derive them trom the.
ancient Amazonian Spinftreffes.

I don’t know but that I may be present
at this tamous Entertainment; but
I warn the Beaws not to come too near
my Lady Butterfeiid tor -fear of Consequences;
the seeming to me from these
Masculine Qualities to be, as King Charles
said on another Occasion, the /ikelie/
Woman in England to get 4 Man with Child,

Lhurfday,

118 The Censor.

Thur day, April

Acris advertunt animos ad Relligionem.

Ince-the Days of J/aac Bicker iaf Elg;
of facetious Memory, the Fraternity.of
Gamefters have not fel} under the
Notice of a publick Pen, and therefore
I,as his Descendant bya collateral Branch,
think my self oblig’d to observe a little
on their Ways and Manners. Bur I
desire the Gentlemen of the Faculty to
be under-no Apprehension of my paying
them so much Refpeét as to be the Publisher
of their refpeétive Rises and Fails,
their lucky, or unlucky Runs of Chance;
since ] go to Bed too early to be a Spe-
€tator of their nocturnal Induitry, and
ain too tender of the worit Man’s Fame
to take his Reputation upon the Credit
of mere Report.
When I consider this Species of Mortals,
it is with quite another View ; the
Light I place them in being in Opposition
to that of the Free-thinkers. This
latter

Lucr..

No. The Censor.

latter Sect {et up for divefting the Mind
of Prejudices, rooting out the Weak- ©
neffes of early Credulity, and putting to
flight all the Chimera’s and Fears that
Priests atd Nurses have iettied in the
Souls of thoie, Whom they term, Believers.
Onthe contrary, The Avwights
of thé Table are continualiy putting their
Invention upon the Rack to fill their!
Heads with Fancies and Images which
have no Foundation in Nature or Rea- °
son; supplying their Underftandings
with imaginary Averfions and Sympathies,
and filling those Cells of the Brain,
which the Free-thinker had left empty,
with a Swarm of fuperilitious idea’s. As
known Maxim with some Sots never
to lay the Blame ot their Intemperance
on the rrue Cause, the Quantity of
the Wine; so it is with some Gamefters,
never to impute their Lofies or
Winnings to the Inequality of Chances,
ybut-to some other Keaton. The
) one gets heartily tuddied with his Four
/ Bottles, and is sick in the Morning upon
no other Account than that he eat.
) a Piece of an Orange; the other did not
Jote his Mony on the Strength ot Luck,
or Inadvertenc¥, but by the Entrance of
some fiange Figure into the Room. This

10 The Censor. N° 8o.

is sure he should have won a Thousand,
if such a Trifle had not happened ; and
That is as positive that he had gone home
sober, but for an Accident equally ridiculous
and unaccountable.

There is Wil. Caffer, whom! au
Forty Years ago at Barth, who lives very
comfortably at this Day upon an An.
nuity of Five Hundred, which he gain’d
merely, as he says, by placing his Hat
on a ‘particular fortunate Pegg in the
Room. OQOn-the other Side I have {een
Sir Thomas Rattle fit four Hours together
at the Expence of a Afanor and Appurtenances,
and not discover the Reason
of his Loss, till he rose up, and found
he had fat upon a Broken Chair. Some
shall do the Penance of passing the Box
for an Hour or Two, while they are
longing to play, in expectation of the
Removal of some unlucky Mu/cles, or a
vacant Seat that they are sure Fortune
has chose to make vich. It has been
known that a large Plantation of Oaks,
or a Mother’s Jointure, has some times,
in the Fancy of the Players, turn’d on
the Waiter’s Mistake of bringing in a
Glass of Hine instead of Mater. | believe
I need not say, that there arenow

living at least Fifty Gentlemen, who
2 will

N° 8>. The CENSOR.

will give their Oath they never won
on a Friday. 7

When once this Humour of Mind
grows {trong upon the Patient, he
cends into [Ten Thousand subordinate
Degrees of Superitition, which he is
much more periwaded of, than of the

Truth of any other Proposition, not to

say, Articles of his Faith. Whata fine Scene
is it to see a Man in all other Aéts capable
of Reason, and proposing the moit -
probable Means of accomplithing any
End, fit with his Arms extended halfan
Hour, and barring the Cass, ‘till he has,
in the Phrase of the Fraternity, touch'd
the Dice? Whenthe Imagination is once

at work upon such an Idea, there is nor

a Passion in the Mind which it will not.
command ;and the Hazard of Life it self
shall be run,sooner than this fantaftical
Fondness be denied: gratifying | remember.

I was asking after an Old Acquaintance

the other Day, when it was
told me he was dead, and upon enquiring
how, it was answer'd m a Duel,
and this sufficient Reason given for the

Occasion, ** He barred my Lord Fickle
Twenty Times, was challeng’d, and

run through the Body.

But I must proceed to more extraordinary
Acts of Credulity, which oe
Sert of unhappy Men are sometime
guilty of; and in this we may be convineed,

that the Notions ef Omens and
Magic are not loft in their Chri/iamity.
Mereury and Laverna were never addrefled
to by the Ancient Pagans with
more earneit Sincerity, than these Decotees
do the Miétiticus Power ot Chaiice,
avhich has succeeded in their Stead, and
has now perhaps as many Temples, as
ghere are Gametters Hearts inthe World.
Trivio in my Memory has risen with the
Summer Sun, and walked three Miles to
pit his Hand in an Inchanted Hole in
the Ground, and then returned to his.
Afternoon Play, with an assured Confidence
of Success. There are, indeed, if
the Truth were known, as many Or der
of this kind of Men, as there are of
Vyyars in tiie Romify Church, of which
the Barc/acied d Gamefters are not the leatt
confiderabic. ‘These walk naked round
their Charniber for an Heo urevery Mornang,
and compound tor a Cold, or Sore-
Throat, on the E xpectation of their E-
wening Cure, by coming well-laden
Home. The Turners of Sroc kings, and
am: Changers of Wizes, are another

So The Censor.

dev, these Superititions being their Jnfallikie
Guides to Wealth, and good Fortune.

When I have considered of these

strange Weaknefles of our Reason, I
have been tempted to think in: what
Manner a Siamite, or such remote Heathen
who thould be present at these
Scenes, would express himself in an Account
to his Correspondent. I have taken
therefore a fort of Gatae, which is
well known among us, and confined his
Observations to that only, and supposed
him, after a Sight of a full Phareah-Ta- —
ble, to send to Siam the following Account.

‘© All the European Nations in gene-
‘¢ ral pretend to the Worithipping of
but One God, bat I can scarce
dit them in this Profeflion: for be-
sides those living Divinities, to which
‘¢ they so visibly, and with such Zeal,
*¢ devote their Services, they have like-
‘© wile inanimate Deities,to whomthe
‘6 do Sacrifices, as I oblerv’d when [
“¢ accidentally was present at One of
their religious Assemblies.

“¢ ‘They have in theirChappels a large
round Altar, adorn’d with a green
‘© Covering, and illuminared in the

G2 Middle

124 . The C ENSOR.

‘© Middle with large Wax-Tapers; a-
bout which a Number of their Zea-
€- Jots rank themselves on Seats, as we
*¢ do at our private Domeftick Sacrifices.
_ © Im the Moment that I entred, One
of the Company, who was undoubt- |
edly the Sacrificer, {pread over the
AltaraParcel of Leaves;which he drew
out of a /ittle Book he held in his
Hand: these Leaves bore the Repre-
“¢ fentation of certain Figures, that, tho’
but fcurvily painted, were intended for :
_ © the Formes of some certain Deities ; for |
still as the Priest distributed them a-
round, Every One made his Offering
“© in Proportion to his 4dility or Devo-
“¢ tion. And I obferv’d that these Of- |
ferings were much more considerable
and profufe, than those that they make |
in their publick Temples.
Some few Ceremonies past, the
‘© Sacrificer, with an odd kind of Trem-
bling, handled the Book, and teem’d
for a while seized with the utmost
«© Apprehenfions: the Circle of Devo-
“6 zees fat attentive to his Motions, inthe
preateft Sufpente imaginable: and as he
curn’d up every distinct Lease, they one
«¢ after another were differently agitated,
asthe Spirit particularly posse(s’d them

38>. The Censor. 125

one seem'd to praise Heav'n by clap-

*¢ ping together his Hands, another fix’d

his Eyes on the Image otf his Deity,
and grinn’d with some Relentment;

a third bit his Fingers and knock’d

his Heels again{ft the Grounds andin

‘© a Word, all threw themselves into

such extraordinary Poftures and Di- |
ftortions, that they no longer seem'd

of the humane Species. At last, the

Sacrificer himself had no sooner turn’d

up a particular Lease, but he shew'd

the fame Symptoms of Frenzy, tore

to Pieces his Book, and was ready to

eat it up, overturn’d the Altar, and
€¢ blafphem’d the Sacrifice: then arose

Complaints and Groanings, Cries and

| “© Execrations: To see them so enrag’d

“© and transported in their Devotions,

“© 1 concluded that the Gods they wor-

“© fhipp’d were of a jealous and refertful

Temper, and to punish them for fa-

crificing to Others, sent every One an

“¢ ill Demon to be their Tormentor.

G 3 | Saturday, .

The Censor. N®

N° 21. Saturday, Apri’ 2-.

laters prvis OOnexia, Sape notatiis

tribss nedd lava Priicus jaani,

baxit i: COURS, unr ah misters horas. hicr.

gh UNEQUAL Maz.

L.L of us, from that Mixture and
Intercourie which the Neceflity of
Society makes us have with each Other,
know by Experience the vast Variety of |
the Tempers, Genius, and, Inclination a-
mong the different Members of our Spe- |
cies, and from thence we give them, according
to the Standards we have fer,
their different Degrees of Virtue and of
Vice. Some we call just or good, o-
thers chafte or temperate, some immoral,
some perverse and obftinate. In
many Individuals we shall find Good and

Evil so blended, and so seeming!ty par- |
taking of each others Qualities on every
Occation they are exerted, that it looks
as impoflible to separate them, as to

Not The CENSOR. 12/7

draw a Line between the Fresh and the
Salc-water. Of all these Kinds GCompany
furnithes Us with a Number of Instances,
which every Man may easily
point out for himfelt. |
But what seems more unaccountable,
is, that the strangest Extremes both ot
Virtue and Vice should meet and agree
in one and the fame Person, and that at
very numerous Intervals of Time, without
perceiving how, or from what Reason,
the Transition from one Point to

the Orcher was made. The common

Changes of Fortune or Health, may
make a Wife Man submit himself tothe
Circumstances and Occasions of Things,
and so appear a different Person trom
what he was: but when no visible Alteration
of Thought can be trac’d from
External Accidents; and the Morning
Demure leaps ona Sudden to the Evening

Libertine, we are as much amaz'd, as

loft and puzzled, to give an Explanation

of their Conduct.

The farft Character which is remarke
ably drawn at Length. of this Kind in
Antiquity, is that of Zigeilias-in Horace.
The Particulars of this various changeable
Creature, mutt have been so well
known at that Time, that-we may sup-

G 4 pois

128 The Censor. 81.

pose so politean Author as J/orace would
not have ventur’d to have added any
thing to them, since they must have fell
under the Notice of the People every
Day. The Picture is so finely irregu-
Jar, that I can’t help putting it into a
Modern Dress, to give my Readers a
jufter Jdea of the Unequal Man.

Tigellius Wasy in every Aétion of his
Lite, the most inconftant Creature to
himself; ever varying, his Manners, his
Occonomy, his Humours, his Sayings,
nay, and even his Habit. As he hada
good Voice, he would sometimes strike
up, and sing for Hours together without
being ask’d,in the most indifferent
pany. Ar other times, when he was
with the Greatest Men in Rome, even
with the Emperor himself. he would
deny him the Favour of a Song, and fit
fiient the whole Night. Sometimes
would run along the Streets as if an E-
nemy were pursuing him; at other
Times he would step it along with the -
Sedatenefs and Gravity of a Magistrate :
his Equipage, one Day, consisted of two
hundred Slaves, and sometimes he would
only have a single Page at his Heels.
One while his Discourse ran upon no
other Topick but the Splendor of Grear-
ness,

Neer, The Censor. 129

ness, and the Company of the greatest

Names and firtt Quality in the World:
and in a little Time you thould hear him
commending a Phi! ofophicalLife,ruanning
into Panegynicks upon a solitary Jointftool,
and ~protesting avainit the Vanity
of Drefi, anid withing “only tor a coarse
~Cloath to keep out Colds and yer this .
happy, this philosophical, contented

Fellow, had you given him ten thoufind
Pounds, would, as had been often
try’d. before, have been the most abfoluce

Rake in ‘the whole Town, debauch'd

all Night, slept all Day, and walk’d
without a Penny of Money 1 in his Poce
ker ata Week’s End.

There are too many Characters whick
are very near akin to this of Tigellius; it
being no uncommon thing for Us to hear
fineit and graveft Lc€tures of Mofrom

a Man perteétly perfwaded
f what he lays, who shall start out on
a into the excremeft Length of
gory the Reverse of his Do€trine: and
d Nian inthe Fable, licteral--
ly bos and cid with the fame
She abernarcly Prodigal, and
ti: sNEC fairies Ve |
al another half as a

The Censor. N

Day, have as often fcll under the Observation
of the Curious. There is something

{till more peculiar in these People,

that whatever they do, they have still

as many Realons to urge for a Vicious

as a Virtuous Aétion, and have the dear
Happinels of always being inthe Righr, |
in the Prosecution of what they themselves

condemned as Folly or Madnets

the Day before.

The fillieft thing in the World, said

Lord Fickie, is to be a Party-Man, .and |
what necd 1 of all Mankind do it, who :
am.easy and happy in the Possession of

a full unincumbred Fortune; and hecan

be no better than a Foo! who will spoil

the Enjoyment of it by being troublesome

to others, and uneasy to himfels.

The fame Man grewinto the Violence

of Bigotry it feli in a quarter of a Year

after, cursed every Body who was not

as active as himfelt; in a second Quarter

cool’d again, condemn’d himfe}f again,

and {wore to live easy, and in particular
never to quarrel] with any Man, nor

care forany Woman. In this Philosophical
Temper, Retirement and Books
poffeis'd him for a moderate Interval,

bur a little time brought Two Duels
and Two Children upon him. He hes ¢
rail’

N 81. The Censor.

rail’d at every kind of Life round, in its
Turn, and yct lived them all; condemn’d
every Science, and yet been in
love with them all; and has had as different
Courses of Religion asever he had
of Provisions at his Table. After all
these Shittings of the Scene, and the
Person, he does not know, nor cannot,
what he thall call himfelfthe next Day 5
or if he promises to be any thing, he is
another by that time it is half ipent, if
not sooner. IT have known him praile
frequenting the Churchat a Theatre, extol
the Management of Stocks in an Assembly
of Beauties, railat Prefermentin
the midit of a Coxrt, andrun from Town
tro the Country, from the Country to
Town with alrernate Symptoms of Delight

and Aversion,
But of all the Characters of Jnequality
none ever yet came up to that of our Satyrift
Mr. Dryden, and yet was very near
true of the Person he defcrib’d under the

Name of Zimri.

A Man so various, that he seem'd to be
Not one, but all Mankind’s Epitome:
Stiff in Opinion, always in the Wrong,
Was ev'ry thing by farts, but Nothing lone:
ge Buty

r32 The Censor. N’ 81.

But, in the Course of one revolving Moon,

Fidler, Chymift, State/man, and Buffoon.

Then all for Women, Painting, Rhyming,
Drinking ;

—Besides ten Thousand Freaks that dyd im

Thinking.

Praifingand Railing were his usual Themes,

Aid both, to focw bis Judgment, in Extremies.

So over Violent, or over Civil, |
That evry Man with him was God, or De-

Under what Denomination, except
that I have chosen to rank these Men, I
know not; that of H/umouri? being very
short of reaching them in the exten of
their Actions. The /2umourift’s Alterations
only concern the trivial Adtions of

Life, and.are seldom of much Consequence

to themselves or others. The
Unequal Man's give a Turn to a whole
Scries of his Happiness, or Misery, and
absolutely change the Current of his
Thoughts. The first, by his little Irregularities,
makes him‘clf pleasing to
many; the second 1s either stared on as |
a Moniler, or piticd as a Fool or a

Madman, The /dumouri? is commonly

N81. The Censor. 133

confin’d in his Temper to a few Instances;
the Unequal, as he knows not why
he began, {so neither does why, or
when, he shall act in a new C haraéter.
Indeed it is much easier to diftinguith
thef{é, than to give any just Reason for
the particular Varieties by which they
are distinguish'd. If I were to be ask’d
my Opinion, I should return much the
fame Anfweras a Philosopher toone who
ask’d him, Why be was guilty of so many

filly things ?---- I will tell you, {aid the

Sage, when I have done the fame.

N° 82. Tuesday, April

Hor.

HE Man, thatis engag’din a Multitude

of Affiirs, isundera Neceflity
of making many Promises which he
breaks merely from the [nterpofitions of
Bufine!s, ied which he design'd certainly
to have comply’d vi hy had nota Tide
of new Things slow'd in, and prevented
the of his Prosecutions.
This is jxft the Cafe with .me, as some
of my Correipondents seem to intimace:

Somnia, Terrores magicos, Miracula,

134. The Cexsor. N 82,

I — a Paper on such a particular
» Which [ really at rhat time incat
to throw i inupon the first Vacancy ;
but either, upona New Turn of Spirits,
some Sollicitations to touch anew
Theme, or some other Diverfions th.
cannot account for, I neglcét the
formance of my Promift long,: thatl |
am reproach’d with Porgetfulnels, or |
ut in Mind that I am nor a A/an of my
Word. ¥could enumerate more Inita ans
ces of this fort than I oughtto be alto
and when I compute how much C, okt
I have had given me, it ftartles me to
ghink how shall ballance the Account. |
In one Letter Iam charg’d with an Eine |
gagement of giving a weekly. Critici/m by
way of Examination of the Sv aze in all
its Extent: Andam told] have not made
above Two Payments yeton this Arrear.
Another, who attacks me with. more
Smarties, says Laman intolerable While
a /orting my New Inventions in. Dre{s and |.
Philosophy. A Third says, he shall never
belicve the Story ot my Correspondent's
Reflorative Fountain, ull | present
the Publick with a Li/? of the Cures done ‘
by its Waters. Burt my last Accusation :
that ‘came to hand, and which is the
kindeit in the whole Catalogue,
Letter

N° 82. The Censor. 135

Letter from Exeter, that not onl} reminds
me of my Negle&t; but bringsme »
an Essay on the very Topick that should
have been my Task. wes
Were I determin’d, like Quacks that
produce their foreign Medals, to defcant
on the spreading of my Fame, and Mcrit
of my Paper, [ might, perhaps, think
this a very fair Occasion: But, Vanity a-
part, J.will judge it owing to the -Affi-
/ duity of my Bookleller, who thould spare
no Pains to propagate its Character, in
Order thereby tocncreafe his own Profit.
Be this as it will, I am oblig’d to my
, ° Western Friend tor his Admonition, as
well as his Thoughts on a Subjeét which
had promis’d to my Readers; and
which I shall now recominend to them
from his own Manulcript. |

To the CENSOR.

17 Hen I read your Z
en I read your Lucubration, of.
W © abouta Month since, ¢xpofing
the 4b/urdity ot Athei/m, | for some
Time impatiently expected that Counterpart
to it, which you toldus should ©
make the Subject of some future Paper,
on the Fol/yof Bigotry. Jam not
to examine for what Reasons you have
disappointed us of our Entertainment

136 ihe Censon.

on this Head; but till I know them,
may, with Submiitlion, accuse youot
Disappointing us.’ Toconvinceyouhow _
much this Intention of yours has been

in my Thoughts, I have thrown some
loose /deas together, to be modell’d
and digeited in what Manner youthink

© Bigotry seems-to me to be almost as
remote from ¢rue Religion, as Com- — |
pulfiommfrom Free-will; the one acting
trom a"Knowledge of our Obiigations
to Heaven, andfo making it felt a Duty;
the other following the Pictates
of afervile Fear, and Weakness in Nature,
serves God in a Manner as the
Indiausdo the Devil. The Praé&ice of
the Firtt is our Praise and Honour;
the talling into the latter, our infirmity
and Disgrace. We by the one
address our great Benefactor, as Beings “|
worthy his Creation, by the other,
lke Cowards that are unreafonably obfequious,
we flrive to ingratiate our

selves by Superftitions, that debafe the

Merit of our Worfh'p.

Ir wosthe System of Epicurus, when

he lubour'd to prove that the World |
¢ was mide by a lucky Conenrreace of
© Atomws, and therefore that it wa.

N° 82. Zhe Censor. 137

furd to entertain Notions of a Dependance
on Providence, gave Rife to that
impious Position, that Fear was
first Foundation of a Godbead: It would
bealmoft as erroneous in our Divinity,
to say that Fear of the Divine Indignation
is the first Motive of paying our
Homage.

Besides that Bigotry is aéting upon
a wrong Principle, it is ever so blended
with Superstition, thatit affects our
Conduct inthe most minute and trivial
Circumitances. It trains Us up in so
many Terrors and Fopperies, that our
whole Lives are regulated by Omens
and whimsical Remarks on Accidents.
I believe, I may affirm, that there never
yet was a Bigot in Religion, but
what put great Faith in some peculiar
Signs and Observations; and look’d on
certain idle Ceremonies, and Customs,
as essential as those prefcrib’d by the
Rubrick. 1 have known many a good
Woman, so pioufly weak inthe Course
of all her Actions, that she would not
have /poke during the cutting of her Natls
for fear of Contequences, dreaded to
fit at Vable when the Company was ’
odd in Number, and esteem'd it of Moment

to her good or ill Fortune to
take

3 The Censor. N 82,

take up'a Pin with the Headiowards ber.
I should be glad to have an Account —
from some of theie People of the Influences
by which Provilenceacts o'er
the World, and,in what Mannerthey
consider these Trifles as Agents of the
Divine Will. . If they can give me’ a
rational Accouht, why their Faith inchines
tofuch /deas,asto think the Observation
of these Particulars may be a !
or Alterative of their Fates,
then I shall readily acquicice,.that that
Man is bornto extream good Foxtune,

who hasthe Luck to find a ru//y Hor/e-
face: and would advilethe good Woman

to return to her Bed, 1fa Weare
cross'd the Entry before her Face, upon

her first coming down in the Morn-

Thele out-of-the-way Ceremonies,

and Observations that cling to our
Weaknefies, make such a Work in a
formal Superstitious Family, that their
whole Religion is a Piece of Mummery.

[have known it go so far, that
Two Ladies, indeed tomewhat advane'd
in Years, and both Single Women,

abstain'd trom Church, and return’d
to their Closets to deprecate the

Evil, becaule they happen’d both to

dic{s

The Censor. . 139

 ¢-dress in Cloaths of the fame Colour.
~ © You will easily observe, Sir, that I
have treated Bigotry and Super /tition all
along, as Synonomousin their Terms,
and very little diftin@ in their Effects.
They are io nearly resembling one a-
nother, that we may, with leis thana
Poetical Licence, call them Sifers, the
Déicendants of Weakue/i. ‘To diftinguifhthem
nicely, we may say, that
we generally deceive our selves by bare
Superftiticn, and suffer our selves to be
deceiv’d by others thro’ Bigotry. The
latter makes us such implicit Believers,
that it lets the groffeft Impofitions go
down with us, and never suffers us to
dispute the Credit of our Teachers.
This in all Ages, butefpecially when
Ignorance flourish'd molt, has given a
Sanction to some recorded Miracles,
Writchcrafts,: Apparitions, and ‘Exorci/e-
meuts,in which, {etting Prepoffeffion a-
side, there was nor, perhaps, one Tittle
of Truth. I thall finith the Trouble I
give you, 17 one Jnftance of the Power
of Bigotry; taken from a Story authentick
in it fel) and very well recommended.
which, it may be, you
have met within yourown Reading.

Radziwit,

140 The Censor.

Radziwil, Chancellor of Lithuania,
having paid a Vifitto the Pope, aad
© receiv’d from hima Present of some
© Relicks, when he return’d home, the
© News of his Rarities tpread; and some
© Monks requested he would lend them |

for the Reliefof a poor Man who was
possess'd. Radziwil comply’d, the Re-_.
licks were carried in foleiin Pomp, after
usual Exorcifms were made Ule of,-
the Demoniack difpoflefs'd by their
Virtue, and all the Spectators were |
convine’d ofthe Miracle. Radziwil,
some few Daysafter, was extolling the _
Virtues of his Relicks, when one of |
his Retinue who had been intrufted *
with the Possession of them, by laugh- |
ing difcoveied himself, and was urg’d |
toa Confcfion; that returning from
Rome, he had loft the Box of Relicks,
but not daring to speak of it, had got
one like it, and fll'd it with little Bones
of Beasts, and such Trifles as he could |
et, that were likethe Relicks which |
he had loft. see |
Radziwwil credited his Servant’s Confefion,
bur resolving to be satisfied,
desired the Monks to enquire if there &#
were any other Demoniack that wanted
the Ass_iftance of his Relicks. A Se-_ . 2
cond | |

N 82. The Censor. 141

cond was found, and exorcis’din Radziwil’s
Presence, whotold the Monks
that he would have that Man stay in
his Palace till the next Day, and that
they should retire. When they were
gone, he put the Demoniac into the
Hands of his Zartarian Grooms; who
by Stripes and Scourgings oblig'd him
to contefs the Cheat. In the Morning
Radziwil sends for the Priests, in
whose. Presence the Fellow protested
that he neither was, nor ever had been
possess'd by the Devil. ‘The Priests
insisted it was a Trick of the Devil's,
who spoke through the Man’s Mouth.
But Radziwil answer'd, if his Tartars
had been able to force the Devil ro
tell Truth, they would be able td extortit
from the Mouths of the Monks:
When the Monks, perceiving the
Danger they were in, confels’d the
Impofture, and pleaded that it was
done with a good Intention, to prevent
the Progress of Heresy.

I am, Yours

Tue/day,

Wils that are atrached to our Nature,

142 The Censor.

HE Strate of that we. ore.
plac’d in, thro’ the Enflabiliry of
Humanc Blellings, ‘and the Croud ot

would hardly be fupportable, were ir
not for the Comforts that Hope affords
Us of a’Change for the berter here, as
well as the glorious Proipect et a Reparation
after Death. This, and Cowientment
are the Two great Specijicks againtt
all the Pains and Diftreffes, which, as
Shake/pear expresses it, is Heir to.
We should bear the Vifitations of Sorrow
and Sickne/s, /Vant and Captivity, -
Opprefion and Contempt, much worse than
we now do, but for the Consolation of
this gentle Deity, that condefcends to
lodge in every Bosom. It is one of the
Benefits,

7 O oO f

the Atmosphere in which we breath, into

Censor. 143

Benefits, I remember, which
makes Promeibeus boatt of having conferr’'d
on Mankind, when eve was anery
with them, by infuting into them

flattering Hopes that they should not

dve. And favs, that when
ye. VS,
Faith, Lemperance, the Graces, and other

Celestial Powers the Earth, Lope

was the only Goddess-that stay'd behind.

The Advantages we receive from her.
charitable Influences, are so weil known
to ¢very Man that has liv’d and convers'd
with Trouble, (as who, that lives,
does not sooner or later?) that the Impreflions
it makes on Us better describe
them than the mott Jabour’d Eloquence
of Oratory can pretend to. They, who
have felt its Power, need no Euloginm’s

of it to enhance its4ixcellence: and to

paint it foridly to those¢ who have never
had it in view, is little more to the Purpose.
than cxplaming Colours to a Blind
Man.

All the Definition therefore, or Description

of its Influences that'l shall give,

shall be to prefentitin aVifonary Light,
from the nicest Recollection I canmake
ot seeing it in a Dream.

Methoughts, I was hurried up above

144 The Censor. N° 83.
a Region of Air more fine and subtle
than what we draw bclow, and which
I found added a Vivacity to all my
Faculties, and made me less affeéted
with the Grofsnefs of a Material
Body. The ther was. ofa pure tran-
- {parent Blue, more beauuful than any
Landfchape we can fancy of a Summer-
Evening’s Sky; and the Beams of the
Sun, that darted temperately on the
Place, infpir’d a Chearfulnefs and Gaietyin
the Soul. It seem'd to answer all
the Beauties we can form to ourselves
of the Eaffern Pavradife, and was call'd
the blissful Region of Hope.

The Godde/s of the Country had a particular
Priviledge of renewing her Youth,
of appearing always blooming and
fprightly. She was look’d upon to be
an Enchantre/s by some, from the wonderful
Operations that she perform’d
without having her Art visible but in
its Effeéts. The Companions that usually
waited her Commands, were Foy,
Expelfation, Comfort, and Patience. She
had a Power of thortening and lengthening
Time at her Pleasure: nor were the
Flours permitted to run their Course,
without first receiving her Directions

for their Flight. Her numerous Train
loak'd

83. The Cex $ OR. Tas

look’d like a Hoit of Cherubs, and were
continually singing Songs of Triumph
before her over Davger and-Difruf.

J could perceive, as I look’d downward,
the Earth hanging hke a large
Speck of Matter, and all its Surtace cover'd
with Mifts and Vapours. A great
Part of it bore the Resemblance of an
Hospital, and its Inhabitants loek’d like
~ pale defponding Patients Worn out with
the Fatigues ot Pain, and Sickness: The
Physicians seem'd profefling their Are
ata Loss; and ill-natur’d Phantoms, call’d
Fears,hover’d round the weeping Friends,
and tortur’d them withthe dreaded Jdeas
of Death. |

Inanother Part, I could behold gloomy
Dungeons, and Wretches loaded with
Irons, and bound down to the Farth.
Here Crac/ty ran about, and infpir’d the
Keepers to exercise Severity. Within,
malicious //orrors were buily, whispering
Dread of Execution to the Prisoners,
aggravating Captivity and Confine-
ment with reminding them of the Joys
of Liberty and Freedomg and torturin
them with the Impofhibility of Redemption
or Escape. “og

In ee were Swarms of difconlolate
Drudges, digging an unfruit-

146 The CENSOR. N° os.

ful Ground for Suftenance, hemm’d in
with Poverty, and anumcrous Offspring,
clamouring tor the Profts fafler than
they arose, and making Beggary the IIfue
of Toil: These were haunted with
several hideous Spectres, such as Contempt,
Debt, and Famine,that gavethem
no Reprieve trom Affliction; setting
their State in the moftde!picable Light,
~harafhing them with the Apprehenficns
of Arreits, and Prisons, and paining
7 them with the dreadful Thought ot
wanting Bread, and being reduc’d to the
Extreams of Necessity.
I could not cast my Eyes on any Part
of the Globe, but some new Scene of
Calamity was presented to my Sight.
In some Quarters, I saw Wretches with
haggard Looks, and an Air of Diftraétion,
that would not. admit of their °.
Consolation, nor liten to a Syllable
that tended to perf{wade them they
were in a better Condition than their
own Thoughts fuggetted. These Avelanchely
and De/paiv visited; torturing
them, by Dayand Night, with the irreparable
Misery ot their State,
them Halters, Daggers, Poisons, an
tempting them to. put an End toa Life
ot Sorrow.

The CENSOR. 147

I cannot recount the many Forms.and
Objects of Diftreis that arote to my View,
nor the Impreflions that {uch Variety of
Wretchednefs made on my Soul: .No
more than I can the’ Pleasures with
which I saw the Goddels working a-
gainft every Scheme of Calamity, and
meterpofing her Aid to make it take different
Colours from what itat first wore.
She was tor ever sending down her Emife
{aries ot Comfort with tu!l Commiflion
to redrets Misfortuncs.: Some were
dispatch'd to the Couches of the Sick,
and itrait some favourable Symptoms of
Recovery were found on the Patients.
The Physicians then began to {peak
holdly, and exert the healing Power of.
their Sci¢nce; and the Friends that before
were almoift drown'd in Tears, now
wip'd their Eyes, and congratulated che
sick Person on a Certainty of his doing
well. Others were sent to the Dungeons
to mitigate the Inhumanity of the
Goalers, and intufe Notions of Pardon
and Releafement into the groaning Captives.
Others started out to the Quarters
of Poverty, and kindly infinuated
Expectations and Probabilities of altering
Seasons, of being visited with Plenty,

and such other gay Ideas as corrected
H 2 tho

148 The Censor. N°83.

the Rigour of their Calamity, putthem |
ina State of Content and Repofe, and»
afforded a Dawn of approaching Hapinefs.

The most unsuccessful Embassy, that j
the Goddess's Agents made, was tothote
Wretches whom Weaknels of Faith, and
a stubborn Opinion, had drove into the
Senuments of Afelamcholy and De/pair.
These seem'd perverfely to reje&t the.
Offers of Hope, and would only beadken |
to their own Diftemper. Scarce wouid
they suffer the Assurance of Mercy to
dispel the Gloom, or shoot any Rays of
eFtective Comfort into their Bofome.

One great Prev¢ntion of the Goddess's
Influence, was, a$ I understood, that a
Twin-S:tier of hets had ulurp’d her Office,

and betray’¢ many by sale Hopes,
tnd flattering Con/elation. This pretends
ed Deity, to prejudice her Sister in the

Opinion of the World, ftrol'’d abour,
and infinuated to the D: stress daT houdand
Chimerical Means of extricating
themselves from /Difaiters. ‘To her, mistaken
Chymiits ow’d their Study of
the Philosopher's Stone; Projectors attempted
to build Cafiles inthe Air; Poets
dedicated great Lords without

their Leave; nd Tradcimen {et up a

| 3. The C ENSOR, Te)

Impoitor, freely beftow’d a real an

Business without S:ock, or Acquaintauce.
Her tole Aim. was to bring all
Coniderce cn Fortune into Discredit,
to Hopsteem at best but a feavou-
Oicar, and only to be cherish'’d
by Fools and Madmen.
~The Goddess, on the other hand,
wherever she was not fupplanted b this
ftantial Affittance: She took care that
Reason should govern the Schémes she

propos’d for Men’s Relies, and so plac’d

all their Views of Redress within the
Sphere of Probability. She only thew’d
Men their Happiness, as Mt, Dryden

said, from a rising Green and shorten'd

its Distance to make it the more con{pi
cuous.

All. that I could gather from this Visionary
Description, is, that there are.
no Infli@tions that fali on Mankind but
may be alleviated by a proper and regular
Hope; and that when we fail of
this Care, it is thro’ our own Faulr,
either by fixing a Dependance on the
greateit Improbabilities, or suffering our
{elves to be betray’d by Chimera’s, trom

which there is no Poffibiliry of being
affiited.

Salurdy,

150 The Censor. N® 24,

N° 04. Saturday, May's

ecungue Mentis ag:tat infe us Vigor,
Us Senec.

AY NIONG the many regul ar Difpo-
{rons of Providence for the Good
Creatures, the Viciffitude of Day
nd Night, the Return, of Labour and
Rett, are the great Hinges upon which
their Beings turn, and by which they)
are pr eierved in that State we call Life,
cull Time, Accident, or Sickness, «diftolve
the Animal Frame into its firtt Principies.
When the Limbs have been
fatizu’d with. necessary Action, ‘or
the P. wers of the Scul blunted by lon
antenfe Think the Darknets of the
Ni Season mterpoles to. gives some
Reipite to Creature Mfan, and
warns him to the Bed ot Peace and Ease.
Iti s this happy Succession that revives
all our Faculties, new braces the Tone |
of our Nerves, enlivens our Spirits, and

conneéts the Chain b etween our [-

N° 34... The CENSOR.

d-as, and those that arise fresh in the
Soul after its Paflive State of Slumber.
the contrary, the Want, or the partio!
Enjoyment of this natural Bletiing,
culls:and weakens the Organs of our
Senses, changes and deadens the Afpcet,
uotunes the whole Frame of the Soul,
and cither leaves it ftupidly inadtive, ‘or
bewildered in the Mazes of irregular
Thought. Ask the poor Wretch who
is chain’d down to the Bed of Sickness,
and unhappily fore’d to count those
Hours which with others pals away as
no Parts of Time, what he would give
to have his Eye-lids sealed with Sleep?
and then know. the Value of those Minutes
we forget, and from Which many
awake as if those Minutes had never been.
Now as one Third Parr at least of our
Lives is contum’d tn that Portion of our
Existence, which we term Siecep, so it
is of great moment to us to preserve
those Hours in that calm Serenity, for

which the Author of our Being has appointed.

them. There is but one certain
Way of making this Space answer
the great Design of God andJiNature,
(and that | suppose mv Reader ‘is beforehand
with me in settling): an Innocents
Virtuous Course of Life. The Day by

H 4 its

152 «The Censor. 84

its glittering Shows, its multiplicity of

Butinefs, Hurry, and Diversion, ‘may
take off and divert the ‘Thoughts from
that Reficction which becomes a Rational
Creaiure, the Examination of his
own Actions. The Voluptuous may
grow giddy in the Circle of his Pleafurcs,
the Sott make 2.Truce with his
Reason, sud the Avaricious bas{weetly
interrupted from the Pungency los illgotten
Giing while the Suz difplaysObjects
to them to amaze, please,
Or iatishe thei dinerent <pperites. But
that Sun mutt fer, the Plealures of the
Day must end either in a total Forgetfulnefs
of the Enjoyments it gave; or
fiomé Traces of the Guilt ir

contracted. It ntay happen indeed (and

it too often does) that we may encroach
upon the Divisions of Nature, and, by
splitting the Seasons of Rest and Labour
unequally, make the one supply what
we have ftollen from the other. But
a Course of this kind mutt be short, and
as it inverts the Order of Providence, {o
must it soon conclude in the Destruction
of the Agent. This therefore being

of no Consequence to the general
Argument, | submit to my Reader chele

few Reficétions.

N The CENSOR. 153

That if we consider Sicep asapproprio
to give a Recruit to our
rits, and make us move more briskly in
that Sphere of Action which 1s allotted to
Usy Whether | ‘without includi ung the Accidents
of bodily Indifpofition) it is not
a wite Couife to enlure such a Space of
our Exillence to our selves, without the
Interruption of real or fantaftcal Ditturneces.
Indced,as to the Sense of the

ufferer, it is of no Importance whether
those terrible Im: ges, which either
the watchful of the ‘Man,
ought not to be ridiculed, expell’d from
the Phoughts, or imputed to his Weakreit:
for it is fwfficient that they have
the EffeSs. of Herrory Terrer, and ail
thoie difquiet Pafhions which mutt torment
him curing the Time they are
predominant. ‘Phe will tell
him that there are Phanta/ms of a sickly
Mind, ariiing trom acuftomary Fearfulneisy
anc that their Impretlions depend
meiely on the Force they permit them
to have over their Underitandings : But
ifthe Philosophers of this Sect could
subdue these Effects from their Way of
Reasoning in the waxing Subjeét, are
they sure they shall not recurr in the
Dicamer? And sf they do, is not he as
Hs mifere

154 The Censor. N*

miserable upon their Scheme, while
these Powers act upon him, as he would
be upon any other ? But if by this Conceflion
we suppose it upon an Equality
with the Good and the Bad, that is, that
the Terrors of Visionary Images may as

often happen to the Virtuous as to the.

Vicious, yet their E ffeéts are at the fame
unequal. The One conneéts them

with \the foregoing Actions of his Lite,
traces| their Dependance, and pumiihes

himfolf with an After-Refleétion; With

the /Other, as they arise from no preceding
Seli-Consciousness of Guilt, so
they. are followed by no fubfequentr Act
of Compunction. |

Again,.it would be worth while to
examine, whether according to the general

Ideas Mankind conceive of things |

it can ever be so to erase thete
Traces of our Actions, as not to influence
the Faculties of the Mind, at the
Time of Rest. Mr. Hobés, the boasted
Champion of Free-thinking, the -Router
of Imaginary Fears and Delusions, seems
to have allowed too much againit his
own Aypoihefis. He thinks, tov initance,
that the Aprarition of Cesar's Gho?, which
Brutus saw, arose {rom nothing bur the
Refi étions which a Mind worked

N 94, The Censor. 155

UD, ‘and dressed out to frighten it felt,
and that the Force of it continued so
long after being awake, that it repres

{ented the fame Form he had {een tn his
D: cam. If He grants it, as indeed he
does, to have been the Effect of a Selfcontcious
Guilt, of what Ute isit toteach

a Man not to mind it, unless he could
rropole a rational Method to avoid tts.
Contequeaces, or prove Guilt to be no
Guilt?

When [ am upon this ‘Thought, I
cannot avoid falling upon those fine Pafof
Shake/vear on this Occasion,
who'as he drew always from Nature,
gives in this Place so ‘much the better.
Tettimon iy. Whenthe Ghetts of those
Richard Wt. has murdered have passed
the Srage, what a mixed Soliloquy of
Hardinets and Fear does the
make, when heis flarting from his es

Give rae another Horse—bind up my Wounds,

Have Mer: t, [did but dream.

O Coward Con/cience, how duff affie?
me?

The Light burns blue
might

Cold fearful Drop: fland trembling on my

Fieft.

Is not dead

56 The Censor. N’
On the contrary, 2ichmond awakes

with Images the Revel of these, and |
exprefies If accordingly.

The fweete/? Sleep, and fairefi beding

That ever entred in a drow/fie Head:

f promi/c you'my Heart is very jocund,

dn the Remembi ance of so Fair a Dresie.

I need.only put these Contrast Pi-
Gures to shew my Reader the exquifire
Juttneis, as well as Beauty of the Por! ?
Thoughts: I have before propel

Means, how his own Morning Expret=_

fions may resemble those of the latte ry
or those of Marcia in Cu.

Sweet arc the Slanmbens of the Virtuous Afaiz.

Tt will not, Thepe, -be any Offchee,

if I mention a more exalted Poet than
these, and that is Dovid; who after making
it a Question, w hich way a certain

Sic ady raine of Mind, and a True

Quiet thould be obtained, resolves it intoa
De -penidaricc upon. Providence concluding
that He would then Jay bins
down in Peace and a Peace of Mind

which as Cortainly followed from that
Reliance,

N85. T be Censor. 157

Reliance, as Sleep and Ease did from
that Peas of Mind.

Hoccine est bumanum FaGum, Inccttum?
hoccine Officium patris ? |
Proh Deiim, atque Lloiminum fidem! quid
fi non bec Contumelia eh? ‘Ter.

EIN G oftencalled uponto perform
a Promiié [ made along time since,
of giving an F//av on Foreed and Unzqua/
Marriages, and finding too many have
itt Occasion to remember a Subjed
which they are Sufferers, J am-now
ing. to comply with their Requett.
“\bfolute Force in the Difpotal of our
Persons, is contrary toall the Laws both
of Noture and Reason, and f‘uppoles us
in the Conditions of Slaves to be fold at
the Pleasure of the Owner, with the
poor Prospect of mending our State by
the transferring of the Tyranny into a
gentier Hand. No Person ever had, or
can have a natural Right over another to

make him Maferable since such a Right
must

58 The Censor. N 8s.
must defeat the very End of his Being,

as it is contradi€tory to the Attributesot -

good Power,-ever to make Affliction
necessary to its Creatures. To create,
merely to lay the Thing created under
the severe Penalty of unavoidable (ala-
mity, is to fratne the moit unwerthy Notions
of the Supreme Being, and is so
far from being a Foundation for Obedience
and Duty, that it intufes into us
rather Sentiments of Horrour, and A-
version, Ifthen, the Supreme Power
hastaken notuch Right over the Works
of his Hands, we may be afiured he has
ivenno such Right to any other, since
{uch a Commission would be the fame
thing in Effect where-ever it was lodged,
and would equally charge the Netions ut
Cruelty on the most Beneficent Being.
Fhat Power which the Laws and Customs
of some particular Nations have given
up, or iuffered to be ravifhed from
them, into the Hands of either: Prince
or Parent, is no Rulein this Cale, they
being only so many Corruptions of the
indifputable Law of Natural Justice,and
so many Deviations from the Divine Pattern.
Particular States may, and have
dealt out Power very unequally, allowed
too much in one Place, and too little in
another ;

The Censor. 159
another; but tho’ by such Proceedings
natural Right has been oppressed, yet it.
was never altered, and the best we can
say of those Kinds of Government, that.
granted this .cxtravagant Privilege to
Parents, is that this Tyranaical Conceflion
proceeded trom some extraordinary
Reasons of which we are not Judges, and
was seldom exercised in that tull Extent
Historians would makc.us believe it was.
One substantial Argument for this O-
pinion, I think may be drawn trom Human
Nature, which, however Human ©
Laws and Paflions vary, mult and will
in all Times continue thefame, and produce
uniform Effects. That natural Love
from the Parent to the Child, which is
implanted in the Breast.of the whole
Species, mult often abate the Rigour of
Custom, and make the Laws of Humanity
triumph over those of a barbarous
Legislature. So that tho’ this Privilege
might be given to All, yet it is

robable it was taken by Few.

have endeavoured to prove abfoe
Juce Force unnatural, unjust, and impracticable,
so | shall not go so far on
the other Hand, as to leave the whole
Power in the Hands of Head-strong

Patlion, and untutor’d Self-will, on the
side

140 Tbe Censor.

side otour Children. There certainly is,
and ought to be in every Nation, a Coercive
Power in the Poffetlion of the Pavents,
by which Imean, a Power to prevent
theirown or their Ruin, Dilgrace,
and Milery, which they are obliged
to. endeavour by the great Law of
Seit-preservation. Our Care extends to
our Of-ipring asa Parr. ot our selves,
there being as natural a Dependance berween
us, as there 1s berween the Roor
andthe Branch, the Fountain and the
Stream. As the Parent is placed firit in
the Order of Time, as Nature teaches
him to preserve and cherith, and Rea-.
son and Law give him a Superiority over
his own Family, so itis bur Justice ro
think he muit on the great Occations of
Milery, and Happinef, exertthat Power
which is his own by so many Titles.
In applying this Coercive Power of Parents

to the Cafe of Alatrimony, we may
confine it to two Parts. The first isthe.
Rule of Direéfion, that is, che fignifying
their Jawful Wall in general, without
confining the Choice of the Child to any
Individual, and this is a Right which.
surely they may claim. A Father, for
Instance, that advises his Son to pick out

of the great Variety, there may be of .

The Censor. 161
the fame Condition, one Woman whose
i’ortune falls within such a Compass, and
whose Qualities of Mind arise to such a
Pitch ; in this Cafe the Son has but little

to plead to extenuate his Disobedience, ,
i he does not comply with the Paternal -

Direction. He will object, perhaps, that
isimpofiilie ‘or him to form his Paflion
by the Fancy of another, and then 1t is,
that. Reason, Perfwafion, and all the
soft Inducements that become a Parent
to make use o', ought to second the Advice

of Authority. I very well know

that whimsical Paflion Love, or Liking,

has been reckoned in all Ages very unaccountable,
but I am sure at the fame
time, that it was the most whimsical
Tribe in the World that have said so,
the Poets: whoare very much to be suspected
as Parties inthe Cafe, and as only
making an Apology tor their own Follies
by imputing them to Mankind in general.
Ii asmuch Care had been taken to
record the Hittories of a Sober and Rational

Compliance: with the Diétates of
Paternal Authority, as there has beenthe
mad and unequal Matches of fantattical
Lovers, it is tobe hoped the Catologues
would be pretty near equal in Number.

But these were unfit for the glittering
Imagés

162 The Censor. N’8;,

Images of Poetry, and the magnified *
Power of their filly [dol the God of
Love. But nottodigrefsonthat Theme:

When the Admonitions of Tenderness,,
and the weighty Counfels of
Experience have no Effeét on the Mind,
then itis timetoapply that other Branch .
of their Right, their Refriffive Power.
Now no-one would blame a Parent
that wrefted a Dagger fromthe Hand of
his Child, that hindred him trom being
imposed on by Villains, or diverted him |
from Courles of nevitable Deftruétion
and yer the youthful part of the World
are continually complaining of their Interpofition
between them and Ruin, in
the Point of Wediock, Surely it isthe
fame Thing tothe Parent from whatsoever
Quarter Calamity arises, he being
certain of his Portion of Wretchednefs,
without contributing to cause the Evil.
Indeed, to a considerate Mind the Death
it self of the deareit Perion to us is a ©
less terrible Objeét, than a lengthned
Thread of Misery, spun out before the
Eyes of the Spcétator. What then remains
for a wretched Parent to do m
such Circumstances? Is ic to humour
every Turn of youthful Appetite to tie
furfeiting it with its own fatal Choree,

N°85. BENSOR. 163

and inthe Article of the quickest sense
of Dittrefs, comfort himself with Afay-2e's
and Poffbilities ? Is Reason and. Judgement
to make so precious a Sacrifice to
Fancy and Vanity? If wecannot in ju-
{tice affirm it must, then we are to look
our for a Cure of this Affliction, and
here the Parental Power strikes in tor
its own Security.

Here an affeéted Distance, Frowns,
and a seeming Suspension of natural Love
take place, the Eye, the Brow, and e-
very little Motion chide and correét the
Want of Duty, or mourn for the Loss
of Power. If these Signs fail of makin
a due Impreflion, and the Violence of
Paflion leaps over the Line of Obedience,
then certainly common Serfe requires feverer
Methods, and the Reins of Authority
mult be held tighter to check the
Haftinefs of undifciplin'd Inclination.
This is the Season when the Threatnings
of Loss of Favour succeed, when
actual Resentment ought to work by visible
Testimonies, such as the Encourage
ment of diftane Relatives, the thortnin
of Fortune commences, and future Exe
pectations are either leflen’d, or entirely
loft. Such an Exercise of the Re?ri@-
sve Power of Parents seems to be but

mere

164 The Censor. N25,

mere Justice, and perhaps is but necessary
in all Common-wealths, as it leaves
Examples to forewarn others, and as it ©
often reduces the Extravagance of Paflion
within the Bounds of Reason. But
for all this, 1 eannot come into those
unnatural Sentiments of quite abandoning
our Children from a Crime of this nature,
a Thousand Allowances, which no
Ca/uif? can think of, being to be made
according as the Circumstances vary. I
will onty say, that by such a barbarous
Treatment, we expose them sooner to
that Misery which we pretended to make
them avoid, and in effcét make their Unour
own Choice, as well as theirs.
It being impossible for me to bring all
T have to say on this Subjeét within the
compals of my Paper, I shall desire my
Reader tobe contented till another time,
and recolleét that I entirely difallow
Compuljion in Love-affairs, and have endeavour’d
to put the Paternal Authority
upon a reasonable I’oundation, without
mixing it with too much Severity, or
fottning it with a ruinous Fortinets. As
T cannot be of the humour of the old
Clown in one Play, who comes up to
Town to fell his Cattle, and ‘match kis
Son with the fame flupid View of driv-

The Censor. 165

ing a Bargain to Advantage on each side ;
so [can’rapprove of torward Mea-
{ures inanother, who would chufe to marry
Robin the Butler, when the Fit is upon
her, rather than want @ Husband.
The Contequences of Forc’d and Caequal
Marriages; asit isamournfuland inttruét-
ive Picture, I hepe IT fhail draw - in
such Colours as to deterve a serious and
critical View from the green and hafly
Lovers of our Days, and not a little oblige
the Directors of their future Happiness,
or Misery ina Matrimonial State.

Lxempio sande fint in Amore Columie,
Mafinius totum femina Conjugium.

Proper.

T HE last of my Speculations was on
the Subje&t of fore’d, Marriages,
which { treated witha particular Regard
to the Paternal Jurif{dictionin the Disposal
of their Children; referving to another
Paper the fatal Consequences of
such Matches, deriv’d from the Aversion

Tbe Censor. WN°So.

or Indifference of cither Tarty. Ido not
mean wholly to pursue this Theme at
present, tho’ poflibly, I may touch on

one signal Inconvenience which ! could

with did not sometimes happen betwixt
Couples that have come together without
any Compulsion. I mcan, however,
to entertain my self with a gayer Protpect,
end paint a Scene in which /Yymen

boaits his Triumphs, and, that is, in a

happy Srate of Matrimony.

Without entering into the Dispute of
the Superiour Merit of Virginity, 1 shall

presume to set M/arriage onan Equality

with it, tho’ not a Member of this Order
my self; and am of Opinion thatthe
Comforts and Pleasures which ale from.
this Portion of Life, fuppofing the U-
nidn to be such as it ought to be, are
infinitely more strong and exquisite than
any that can be tasted in Celibacy. The
Human Species was created for Society,
and the greatest Pleasure ot our Society
is seiaedl ina Cordial Friendship: Then,
to deduce it further, where can this
Friendship bein so high a Perfection, as
where the Interests and Affeétions arc

entirely the fame, where Love is every

Day heighten’d by the most tender Endearments,
and by choice Pledges, a

ed by the Indulgence of Heaven, in

which Parents trace their youthful
ges, and look back with Pleasure on the
T ran{ports of their early Paflion? The
Difcouragements that They, who turn
the Perspective, make to. this State,
the Certainty of Cares that attend ir, the
Reftriétions that are’ essential to our Com
duét, which mutt restrain our Extravacancies,
and break in on the Circle of |
our freer Pleasures.- These are Terrors
that, upon a due Consideration, can only
scare the Libertines of One Sex, and.
the Coguets of the Other: The Degrees
either of Lewdnels, or Gallantry, being
inconsistent with the Pu: uit of Happinc{s
ia Wedlock.

The Three Main Requifites, for Persons
that determine to make.a Double
Lite a State of Satisfaction and Enjoyment,
are a proper Confi:tution of Body,
a proper. Frame and Timper of Mind, and
a certain and regular Habit of Morality :
For, in this Last, I would be thought
to include all the Rules which the higher
Duty of Religion prefcribes.

As to the Body, if the Constitution
be vicious, Conftancy and Faith are as
little to be expeéted, as the Blood to be
cool, and Pulles regular in the high Fit

The Censor. . N° 86.

of a Fever. Imagination then will be
ever for thiftingthe Objeé&; Inclination
and Tenderness grow wavering and defultory:
And-every Start and Tranffort
of the Spirits will make us ficken and
pall on our Domettick Pleasures. The
Eye can never be fix’d, nor the Heart
faithful where there is an Intemperance
boiling in the Blood; and those that la-_
bour under this Unhappiness, could not
be conitant «in: their Affeétions tro One,
tho’ she were poflets’d of Venus’s Gircle
and all the Graces. On the other hand,
a Man with an even and temperate Constitution
finds not those pernicious Notives
to Change; his Fancy and Appetite
are more confin’d and conttanr, and
wheére-ever he -makes e Pretent of his
sHeart, he seldom lets it entertain any
ideas that may lessen the Merit of his
Gift. This makes the Face and Attraétions,
that have once given him
Pleasure, always the fame to him: Nor
do they, even when Age weakens their
Charms, lose any thing of their Beauty
vor Esteem in his Thoughts.
The proper Frame and Temper of
Mind, requisite to Happiness, may in
part depend on the Confticution, as the
Passions are strongly influenc’d by the
Humours:

N° 86.) The CENSOR. 159

Humours: But are mightily to be corrected
by Reason and Judgment. There
area Thousand little Circumstances in
Conduct, and Family Accidents, thar,
ita Man cannot command his ‘Temper,
and prevail with himself to make AHowances,
Will make him every Moment
fower and morofe ; give him little Picques
that turn the Stream of his Affection,
and cause him to reflect, with Uneafinefs,
on his Folly for involving himself
ina State of Anxiety. ‘Uhefe Men of
uncorrected Tempers, if they have not
Wives, {till will not want Aggravations
of Difquiet: they work up Uneafinefs
fram their own Acrimony, and ill -Nature
never wants its Matter to feed on.
But a Man either naturally of a {weet
Disposition, or one who by his Sense and
Philciophy can give Reins to his Passion,
is never fond of Cavil and Contradiétion ;
he looks. on the common Occurrences
ot Lite with Ease, and Satistaétion;
will not let alittle Misfortune, or Misconduct,
tempt him to betray a Weak.
nels, or difcompofe the Serenity of his
Temper. ‘The Wife of such .a Man is
always aBride; his Tenderne(fs and
on are itll new, and undecayed;-: the
juffers no Diminution from the Ficklenef

Vo L, I of

170 The Censor. N°26.

of his Humour; nor are their Endearments
broken and interrupted by Controveffies
and Animofities, too frequent
amongit People of an unguarded Temper,
that give way to every trifling Provocation,
and embrace the flighteit Occasions
of promoting their Unhappinels.
A regular Habit of Morality is fullas
neceflary, as these other Ingredients, to
the Composition of Happiness. The
Perfwafion that unwavering Love and
Conttancy are our Duty, that they are
Ornaments to our Character, as Lewdnefs
and Inconftancy are. our Infamy, puts
us on the Pursuit of sincere Satisfaétions
lodg’d inthat Duty, and initructs Us
that Happiness cannot dwell but with
Virtue. By these Considerations our
Pleasures are resin'd; we view the Partner
of our Bofoms as an Instrument in
our Bliss and Tranquility; this makes
us fond of cherifhing such a Blefling,
and gives us a thousand mutual Ideas of
Tendernefsand Transport. A Manthat
views his Wite in this Light, has all
the World in the sole Poffeflion of her;
the Change of Place and Scafons have
no Variety but by participating them
with her, andinfuch Company a Grange
is delightful as a Palace, and a troubled
Sky.

N°86. The Censor.

Sky equivalent to the brightest Sunshine.
I cannot help inserting here that beautiful
Passage in Milton, where Eve expresses
so Elegant a Satisfaction in the Society
of Adam.

With Thee converfing, I forget: all Time,

All Seasons and their Ghange, all please a-
like. '

Sweet is the Breath of Mern, her Rising
(weet, :

With Charm of carlie/t Birds; pleasant the
Suny

When first on this dclightful Land he [predds

Flis oricnt Beams, on Herb, Tree, Fruit,
and Flow’,

Glif'ring with Dew: fragrant the fertile
Earth |

Mfter soft Showers; and {weet the coming on

Of grateful Evening mild, the silent Night

With her solemn Bird, and this fair

Moon,

And these the Gems of Heav'n, ber flarry

Train.

But neither Breath of Morn, when she af-

cends

With Coarm of earlie? Birds, nor rising Sun

On this deiight{ul Land, nor Herb, &ruit,
Flower,

Glift ring

172) Censor. N°86.
GiifPring with Dew, nor Fi agrance after
Show rs,
Nor grateful Evening wild, | wor silent Night, ,
Pith: this ber solemn Bird, nor Walk by
Moon,
Or glittring Star-light, without Thee ;
feet.

We has a Prospect of our firfi
Parents in khe Perfeétion of their Love;
and, [ believe, we can{carce atraina closer
View of the Joys in Paradise, than from
the Union and uninterrupted Satisfaétions
ofa virtuous Couple. We owe mott
of our Ideas of Things, 2s good or bad,
to Comparison of them with Others:
and nothing could fer outthe Blils of the
Conjugal State, where Virtue triumphs,
to more Advantage, than to survey the
Curies and Perplexities that atrend it,
where the Flameis fullied o’er with Mend
and Inconftancy. But as this will b
compriz ‘d in my Essay on snegual Maré
riagesy I shall forbear the Description.
I fhalloniy remark on this Subjeét,,
what a Curfé and Infamy the Anuients
look’d upon it, to have an wufaith/ul
Partner ot our Bed. It was one of the
Execrations of the Old Times, That

wicked Men’s Wives might defile their
Beds ;

N.&6. The Censor. 173

Beds; and Zfomicr teaches Us, that when
the Greeks and Trojans raufied a Treaty
of Peace by- Oath, Cuckoldom was One
of the Punithments which they with’d
night fall onthe Violaters of that Treaty;

Vhe Laced.entonians, when they bore
any Grudge, gave a greater E.xtent in
cursing their Enemy, that he might be
plagued with the of Buslding, be
extravagant in his Cloaths and Equipage,
and have a Gallant to mjure him in his
Wife, the greatest Aggravation of their
Resentment. I shall conclude with a.
Maxint of Portixs Cato, the Great Roman
CENSOR, who uledte say, Nullam
Adulteram non Eandem effe Vencficam,
That no Woman who could bebafe E-
nough to he an 4dultere/s, but would.
pot/on her Husband on Occation,

I 3 Sat

N°87. Saturday, May 11.

Que jam cecidétre, Hor.

S I frequently make Dramatick Performances
the Entertainment of

my idler Hours, so, to render them as .

profitable to Me as I can, I ever, after
a Play, fit down and refle& at home on
what I have seen on the Stage. I confess,
one must be pretty curious in the
_ (CWeice of a Play, to find what may be
either an Improvement to our Morals,
or of Use in our Conduct. I speak, in

particular, with Regard to those Drama’s

that have been brought on of late
Years: And I wish I could not. say that
where the Poet has done his Part, the

Players sometimes so much mistake the

Nature of the Charaéter they are to rerefent,

or their own Strength, that the

Reernsinmenk makes not half the Im-

preffion it would do, were it judicioufly
perform’'d.

In either of these Respects, where the

of visibly are

their

Peet or Play

174 The Censor. ar,

N 87 The CENSOR. 175
their Duty,I cannot help carrying back
my Thoughts to Antiquity, and taking
a View of Writing and AGtion, as they
stood in the Times of Mi/tiades, or Au-
In this Retrofpection, with
tothe Poets, | am turpriz’d to see how
much Emaulation,anda Thirtt after Prai/e,
) ot the Start of our modern Candidates
fer Profit. What glorious Performances
we have left in Zragedy and Comedy,
which were written at a Time when a -
Goat, a Basket of Figs, or a Flaggon ot —
Wine were all, besides Applause, which ~
the Writers were toexpeé for their Labour:
And what feeble andignoble Pro- |
duétions do we now see, even whenthe
Authors are spirited up with the Expeétation
of a Third Night’s Income, and
worry their Friends, and their Friend’s -
Friends, by a Ticket-Contribution.
Among the several Causes to which ©
this Decay of Genius, may be attributed
it is One, thatevery Smatterer in Learns |
ings with a little Portion of Spirit, and —
less Knowledge of the Stage, attempts
a Composition, which he calls aZragedy:
It has been the Vice of the Times, e¢-
ver since Herace’s. Age, for the Pretenders
to Learning, as weg as the really
I 4 Learned,

175 The Censor. N° 87,

Learned, to put in their Claim to the
Province of Poetry.

Scribimus indocti, doktique Poemata paffim.
The Difficulties which these
in meet. with to get their Plays receiv’d
by the Theatre, and, when receiv’d,
to make them stand the Tcit of
an Audience, have mightily dilcourag’d
more able Writers to tread in the fame
Path. Our Nation, we are convinc’d,
has Geniu.’s equal to this Noble Task,
if feme private Realons did not diffwade
them from exercising their Talent. I
believe, I shall start no new Opinion,
whether this be One of their Reasons or
no, in aflerting thatthe Art of Afting is
Shrunk to avery Jow Ebb. And tho’
we may boast:it this Time, some few |
of the Profeflion eminent for their Success
in particular Characters, yet they
have, not that Variety in their Compass,
as not to complain that several Parts arc .
guite out of their Way: Whereas a compleat
and accomplish'd for, like Proteusy
should be a Matter of all Shapes. |
The Design of exhibiting Plays, from a
the Beginning, was more tor Initruction
than Amufemen:; and all will agree the
Influences

N 07. The Censor.

Influences of Inftruétion mutt be greatest,
when the Addre/s and Emphasis, with

is deliver'd, {trike upon Nature

{o fefcibly,as tomake ir telf first admur’d,
and, frofm.that Impretlion, remember’¢,
and practis’d. attaining this End,
then, cannot lye more on the Poet in
the Choice and Conduc? of his Fadb/e, than
onthe Jéor’s Gefure, and Knowledge of.
his Bufine, the jutt Afoduiation ot his
Voicey and his Propriety :n raising and
sinking the Pafiors. The Imvrefhions
that have been made from a happy Excellence
in these Particulars have produced
great Effects in all Ages; a noble
Emulauon has been set a working, from
seeing a Hero perform with proper Dignity;
and many. a generous Paflion been
kindled up, trom a Lover’s Sufferings and
Conduét artfully imitated. It would be
a very gocd private Hiltory, could we
know all the Aétions that have {prung
fucceflively from this Head; how
many Stratagems of War, how many
Steps in Policy, how many Adventures
of Love, and Turns in [Intrigue have
ow’d their to the ‘mpreflions made
from {eeing like Circumstances naturally
traniacted in the Scene. The Athenian
Lawgiver was fufhciently aware of the

korce

978 The Censor. N°87.
Force of these Influences; and, to trouble

my Readers with no more than. one
Example, I'll give it.them from no worle

an Authority than That of Plutarch.

When TZhe/pis had with Difficulty got
Leave of Selon-to exhibit his Plays, he
brought on One in which Uses, the
better to gain some End, wounds himself

with tis own Sword. Pififratus, .
who, at that Time, had made himielf -

Tyrant of Athens, but thought himielf
not secure enough in his Government,
soon: after wounded himself; and, pretending
that he was set on by his Enemies,.
entreated the People to grant him
a Guard. Solon, who more than fufpe-
&ed from what Example the Tyrant had
borrow’'d this Stratagem. told him, 70x
do mot alt, says he, the Part of Ulyfles
well; for he wounded bim/elf to deceive bis
Encmies; but you, to deceive your own
Countrymen,

That such Impressions have been made,

more than once, strong enough to in- _

fluence our Condudt, needs no great Demonstration
to prove: And I shall quote
the Opinion of one whom we mutt acknowledge
a Judge in these Matters: [
meam Shake/pear, who says in Hamie?.

N87. The Censor. 179

[have beard
That Guilty Creatures, fitting ata Play, :

Have ky the very Cunning of the Scene

Been firuck so to the Soul, that presently

They bave proclaim’d their Malefaéions.
I confess, all rhis seems to turn the f

Work upon the Poet’s Hands, and lay
the Stress of the Motions made in the «
Spectators alone upon the Penning and»
Conduct of the Scene: But we consider,

that few or no Audiences are made
up all of judgment, or have a Fafte nice
enough to diflinguifh the Poet’s
Most come with a Partiality and Prepoffefiion
to some A€tor’s Character, the
Notion they have from Report, or Experience,
of his playing such ‘a Part;
and these generally confine all their Ob-_
fervations, and Paflions, to what they
hear him {peak, and see him represent.
If then the Poet should have plac’d the
Cunning of his Scene, or strength of
the Pafiion in other Tlands, he, 1s sure
to have it pass unregarded, and make no
Impreflion; becauie, as the fame great
Poet has in another Place objery’d,

Eyes of Mei,
oSfter a well gracd leaves the Stags,

The Crnsor. N’

Arve idly bent on him that enters next,
Thinking his Prattle to be tedious.

Mr. Echard, 1 remember, makes one
of the Grounds for the Contempt ofthe -
Clergy to be their Poverty and Meannefs
ot Education; and the great Decay
of Acting, in this ‘Age, may be owing
to the fame Springs. The Perfonsthat,
for the generality, supply the Bufineds
of the Theatre, are such as have been
first difpleas’d. with the Professions to
which they were design'd; and who,
being caught with the Gaicty and Fiure

of the Stage, lift in the Service
without the leait Knowledge cither of
Ation, or Utierances and are so far from
being acquainted with Oravory, that ‘tis
not eafie to make them keep within the
Bounds of Grammar. — |

The Government of the Stage being
in private Hands, and the Legi/lature,
that in some + hings is as unreafonably

precise as $he old Fathers, having plac’d
this Science ina Light of Intamy, contribute
not a little to Its being no ber-
ter furnith’ds so that the noble{t and
most inftruétive Dive: sion:may be Ic ft,
for Want of the Srate’s taking it under
its Direction, -and commiflionmg Offcers

N87. The Censor. 488

cers to see it kept up to the Dignity,
and Decorum of its first Design.
In Greece the Profethon of an Aor
was far from being scandalous: And
they were chose out of the best Families
to this Employmens: Thus their
Stage was furnish'd with Men of Learning
and Ingenuity, with Orators and
Poets; and their Excellence in ipeaking
was so great, that Demofihenes 1s allow’d
to have learnt from them the: Art of
Pronunciation: and /E/chines, the next
Orator in Reputation to him, play'd
Tragedy in his younger Years. In such
Reputation the Players then ftoad, that
some of them were chosen Gencrals, o-
thers Civil Officers: And rifodemus
particularly was commuiflion’d trom
thens to treat with Pillip adout Peace
and War. |
With Us, they being neither ‘of this.
Rank, nor Reputation, the Word Player
has unhappily been brought into such
Contempt, that People of Integrity and
Diferction prefer any Business tor their
Children-to that of the Stage; and make
ita Caule of Heart-breaking, it they
find their Inclinations lean but that

Way. his Dittafte is founded on two
Causes, Pride in the Parents, and aFcar

able Degree, Statutes are repeal’d to |

132 The Censor. 87,

of their Children’s Corruption of Manners.
I fear we shall not easily be
brought off from these Prejudices, "till
the Business stands in a2 more honour- .

ive them Countenance; and their own —
Morals and Conduct recommend them
to Company and fair Opinion. I find :

~ now ifa Man of Charaéter and Principles

is concern’d in this.Profeflion, tho’
he make never so good a Figure on the
Stage, Men say of him as Cicero did of |
Réfcius, He is too good to be there:
But the Orator’s Sentiment and Expression

is remarkable, and therefore J thal]

give it my tKeaders as a Maxim. Etenim

cum Artifex ejufmodi ft, #¢ folus dignus
wideatur effe, qui in Scena {pectetur; sum

Vir cjufmodi ef, folus dignus videatur,

€O non accedat.

N.88. Zhe Censor. |

N° $3, Tue faay, May 14. |

Et tenert polis Carmen legife Propertiy,
Sive aliquid Galli, five, ‘Tibulle, taum.
Ovid.

y it were not a Piece of Justice,whick
A too many are Strangers to, co give

an.impartial unextarted Praise to the
~Wrrtngs of others, I should be content.
with the silent Admiration of good Performances:
But as the Marter dtands betwixt
the Ignorant, and the J]]-nature’,
Merit is in Danger of being entirely disregarded,
and Foily has a tairer Chance
thanever it hadinany igeto get the Start
of it, o1 ufurp its Place. If my Interpofition
may avail any thing on the fair
and good-natured Side, I shall think I
have done some Service to the Memory
of the Dead, without flattering the Ziving,
by giving that Donum Fame which
1s due to every excelient Composition.
There are [wo now lying betore me,
which tho’ they need not my Recommendation,

Mall

The CEN SOR. N°

dation,! cannot forbear giving a Tate of,

for the Enterrainment of my Reader.
~The first is a Reviv'd Colle&ion of

Poems of the Earl of Surrey, Sir Thomas
and some other of their Contemporaries,

who have stood the Test of a-

bout a Century and an and who,
tho’ under the Disadvantage of a Language
not entirely polith'd, will, from
their Strokes of: Nature, - deserve to
pleale in every Age. The Publither of
them tells us, Sir Philip Sidney pats’d a
very favourable Judgment on -them ;
and I will appcal to the Opinion of the
present. Times, by giving a Quotation
trom one bdautifa! Sonnet, trom whence
they may be convine’d of the Delicacy
of the others. It is entituled, 4 Come
plaint of the Absence of ber Lover being on
Seas.

Alas! bow oft in Dreams I see
Those Exes that were my Foode,
Which Jometime delyte cd y
That yet they do me Loode.
Wherewith with bis
Whole abjent Flame dyad make me burue,

But when I fynde Lord, bore

Zhe C BNSOR. .185

other Lovers tn armes acroffe
Rejayce their encchyfe Delight; .
Drowned it Tears to mourne my Lose
fland the bytter Nygbte
in my I] indows avhere 7 may [ce
Defore the Hyndes bow the Cloudes flee,
Lo! chat a Mariner Love bath mate me.

And in grene Wares when the [alt Floode
Doth rife by Rage of wynde,

A thoujand Fanfies in that Moode
Afayle my Minde :

Alas! bow drencheth my Sweet so

That wythe the Spoyle of my hart did 20,
And left me (but, alas!) why did be so:
And when the Seas were ¢ Ime

To chale from

My doubtful Hope doth cau/e my playne,

So Drede off my ‘Joye.
Thus in my Wealth myngled with Wee,
And of eche thought a doubt doth growe,
Now he comes! will be come ? alas! ao.

My next Present is from a Gentleman
who has translated the fine Elegies of Ti-—
bullus, and given me Leave to print the
fifth of the firfi Book, which 1s indeed
my Favourite; it being the most natural
Defeription of the variable Paflions

186 The CEN $0 R. 88,

of a Lover thateverI read. The Starts
inthe Transitions may be reckon’d by
our Dabblers in Poetry asa Fault, but.
are indeed of the greatest Beauties. |
It was made upon a Quarrel with his
NMire/s the Circamftances are eafie and
moving, the Withes seem to come from
the Bottom of the Heart as well as the
Curses, and it is wound up at the Con-—
— clufion with a very gallant and humourous

Refleétion both on his Méfire/s and

Jo DEL I A.

N abot Fit, I boasted I could bear
A Woman's Anger, and aefprfe the Fair:
But Coward I am all unmann'd again,
A judden Frenzy works my.madding Brain. -
Raging I move, like whirling Tops, around, |
W bic fportive Boys keep giddy om the Ground
Punijh my Pride, and teach me by my Pain
To uje my Miftre{s in an humbler Strain:
Vet spare me, by our ‘Foys I beg for Grace,
By Venus, by t>y own more lovely Face! |
sir I, when wasting Sickness feiz’d my Fair,
Sav'd the dear Su by my happy Pray’r;
Lhen, when the Beldam, with extended Arms,
Stretco'd cn the Ground, and mutter’d o'er her |
Charms ;
purified toce round with Sulph'rous Streams,
iurnt the Barley-Cake to guard thy Dreams.
Nine

N°83. The CBNSOR.

Nine times, all loosely dreft, with Vows Divine
At Midnight { addrejs'a Diana’s Shrine.

All things I did, tbat could my Passion prove,
And yet,----Another new enjoys my Love.
His +5 the Harvest of my constant Cares,

And His the kruit of my successful Pray’rs.

But I, poor Wretch, sf thou wert well again,
Flatter’d my {elf with golden Dreams, in vain.---
L fancied how 1 would from Town retreat,

And carry Delia tomy Country-Seat.

She will, L cry’d, oerlook my Harvest-Store,
While the full Ears are grinding ow the Floor.
She, while the Workmen at the Viatage toyl,
Will guard the Casks, and onthe Prejjers smile.
Or learn to count my Flock upon the Plain,

Or grow familiar with my Household Train,
Hear my Slaves prattle, let the playful Boy
Lean. on her Breast, and with his Miftrejs toy:
Or condefcend to learn, at leijure Liours,
Zo bring: fit Off rings tothe Rural Pow’rs ;
Grapes at the Vintage, Corm at Harvest bear,
And give aVichim forthe woolly Care. .
May She rule all my House, I careless roam,
Happy in beng Nobody at home!

Hither foalt thou, Metlala, come; for Thee
Delia foall cull ihe farreft, choiceft Tree:

She, with Officious Pride, shall fi:ll attend,
And f{pread the Table for my noble friend:

And, im Regard of bis exalted State,

Herself turn Servant, and tn Person wait;

Such was the Scheme of Pleafurel design'd,
Bus, ah! my Pray'rs are scatter'd by the Wind
«Since This, I try'd to drink away my Cares 5
But Grief turi’d ev'ry Draught to Tears.

183 The CENSOR.

As often have I try’d Another's Kiss;

But, in the Moment of approachiug Bl:fs,
Venus reminded of Delia’s Charms,
Aid left me languid in ibe Fair One’s Arms.
The a:fappointes Dame my Weakne/s tells,

Lhen lays, that Lain by Magick Sf ells,

Aud cursed 1 ams; my Curses are the Charms

OF Delia’s Harr, and Neck, and waxen Arms.
Such was fair Thetis, when the Sea-green Dame
so Peleus on.a bridled Dolpdin came.

But my Misfortune is, a Wealthy Fool,
And a dimn'd Bawd have made me Delia’s Tool.
for the damn’d Bawd, may Povfon taint her Blood,
May rotten Carcafjes be all her Food! |
May Screech-Owls fright her with their Mid

might Cryes,
And waling Spe&res skim before her Eves!
May She the Ries Pangs of Hunger feel,
Kob Dog-Kennels, and Graves to make a Meal!
Moy She howl Mad; and Nakedthro’ the Town ,
And vavnous Blood-hounds hunt the Beldam

This tothe Bawd: Ye Gods, regard my Pray’ry

And, lo' they do: For Lovers are their Care.
NegleBed Truth a sure Resentment draws:
And Venus will revenge the faithtul Canfe.
But Thou, my Fain, the Bawd’s Advice re-
MITC,
For Gold and Presents are the Bane of Love.
Lhe Poor will ever on thy Side attend,
Lhe true} Lover, and fizcereft Friend,
be your Guard, condud you safe along,
Free from the Rudene(s of the prefjing Throng.
fle to conceal your Pleajnres wll descend,
Nay, help wndrefi you fur a private Friend.

Alas’

N’ 88. The Ganson.

Alas! sing in vain, im vam wart,
Mony, not Words, m Ive the born Gate:
But Thou, now hapoy may Deliars Sviles,
warn Thee, fence azainft Rival’s Wiles:
fortune is light aga otten Llamas:
Now, fomeL). ofign that F: As.
watches at ber Gate with careful Ey
P, Lie Hie th ad pretends dA Hafie,
And in a lit? Tim returns as Jak,
Aita Reins , vet the Duir, at ev rv. Ca/
Some Sérataz OF ar, ‘wow wot What.
leehkaow, anchor:# a doubtful Bay.

H E Two EMys which I have

T ven the Publick of late on the Subject
of Marriage, I find have not only

diverted, but contributed to promate a
Correspondence from my Female Readers.
[am sorry I should begin to invite
them to my Affiltance,. at a Time when
d am preparing drop my own Ven. and

N° 8c. TAurfday, May 16

190 TheC ensor. N 89.

must of Coniequence lose half the Pleasure
resulting from their Pacquets. The
Forwardnels. of the Year, and Gaiety of
a Season, that shews Nature in her brightest
and most gawdy Equipage, willin- |
fenfibly alienate the Inclinations of my
Readers, or at least drawthem from this .

Winter Residence, the ‘Town, and so

from longer converfing with Me. JI
confess, it might give my Vanity some
Satisfaction, if I could be affur’d, that
the Polite Youths and Beauties of this
Kingdom would want their Cen/or in
their Silvan Retirements, and with for
the Amusement of my Lucubrations in
their Hours of Refrefhment,. and to give
a Relish to their grecn Fruit. Nor does
it seem unreasonable to suppose that I
may sometimes be kindly with’d for in
this Season of Absence, when the Sun is
grown too hot for more active Pleasures,
when the Groves are too solitary, anda
Damp to Conversation, or when the
Rural Neighbours lengthen out the Expectation
of a premis’d Visit, and make
the impatient Nymph defirous of Entertainment.

[ tay could I be affur’d of being this Favourite,
roengage the Thought and With

of my fequettred Friends, I might, perhaps,

haps, be tempted to undergoe the Fatigue
of waiting on the Press in the Summer,
oY the Consideration of Whem I was
obliging by such a Task: But when I
reflect on the other Hand whata Number
of Those, whose Approbation I have

reason to value, will be plac’d so distant -

from a Probability of converfing with
Me, and find the Conveyance of my Papers
to them such a Charge as well as
Trouble: When I look forwards, and
anticipate in Thought the Profpeé of
those burning Months, in which a gi/t Chasiot
would be as refreshing to the Sight
as a cooling Shower to the other Senses:
when the Female Shopkeepers will be the
only Beauties left us; when scarce a
powder’d Perriwig willbe {een inthe Evening
from a Coffechoufe-Balcony, and I
may lay all Day onthe Solitary Board buried
in Dust and Obscurity, and owe a
Perufal only tothe Unemployment of the
indolent Waiters: In this View, indeed,

I think it is high Time to shut up the ,

Campaign, and draw my Forces into their

Summer Quarters. I must be content

now, like the Mercer’s Silks, to be decently
folded up, and laid by for Fear of tarnifhing
in the Absence of Customers, ‘ll
a Return of Cold Weather make the U1-

rex. The Censor. Bo.

ty Populous, and invite mc to re-appear,
perhaps, in some new Figure.
I bad not haften’d the Scheme of difcontinuing

my Labours, but from being»

warned of whatI mutt begin to expect,
inthe Leave which Some, who are pleased
to subscribe themielves my Admirers,

have already taken of Me. shall insert

a Partof thete Farewell Epiftles, because

their Senle is of a Piece wich some of

my latett
Lo the CENSOR of Great Britain,

Mr. Censor,

Mutt bid to your Company
witha heavy Heasr; convine’d of

the fatal Necessity.of one of your Lectures,

and retiring trom Society to

easily civine, withoutmy Assistance in

expounding the Myttery, thats am under
the Restraint of Paternal Authority.
Would I cou'd easily reconcile
my Affections tothe Duty of my Obedience!
But, alas! my Heart isgrowna
Praytor to Ditcipline,

The lovely, engaging, adoring Cle-

© ander uF taken up all the Room inmy
© Soul. can form no-Ideas but from

practile Resignation to it. You will

The CENSOR. I03

the Remem! ywrance of his Person, his
his Protestations. O! Mr.
sir, he has /worn away the Stars at my
Feet, as your Tr 1g: ‘dians call it: Has
summon'd all the Powers, Divine and
mane, to witnels to his Paflion; and
told a thousand times, I wasthe
© only Object of his Happiness. The
© Protulencts of his Praises--But you fhill
¢ not reproach me with their Repetition,
or a’ Thoughtthat flattering my felt in
¢ the Truth ‘of them causes me to regard
him. with so much Favour: I have
view'd him in his Sincerity and Tendernc(s,
in an impartial Judgment
© form'd from his Conduct and lemper,
anc find that my Bliss is as
© abfolurely centred in his Possession.

¢ Advi i. a difconfolate. Virgin

how to fubmitto her Fate, or in time,
‘ {gy something to abate the Rigour of
a peremptory Parent, and give some
¢ Pause to his dreaded Resolutions. [
know your Sentiments will have the
Influence of an Oracle with him: Tel]

© him how much it takes from Indulgence

¢ to impose on our Likeing: How itde-

© bases the filial Ob): g ition toa Degree

© of Silay and ton’ «ren hing
© this Point with Arc and Cautioa;) drives

194 The Censor. N° €9,

the difcontented Child beyond Repent-.
ance, and tempts her to curle the barbarous
ompeller of her Unhappinets.

© The Affcétion of a Father, Mr. Censor,
has shone out in my Education:
He has gives. meallthe lmprovements,
the imbellifhments, suitable to my
Sense or Fortune, and must they now
be buried in Ob‘curity? Should he, in
Prutence, throw away the Fruits of
his Expenceand Ambition on One who
hasno Notions of elegant Accomplishments?

€ Think what a Figure I shall make
among Hayricks, or dabbling inthe unfeafonable
Dew of a Cow-mead. What
a comfortable Tine shall I have, that
have been acquainted with Levées and
Affembiées, when I must attend m
Rurel Lord in a Morning /i/it to his
Dog-kennel; and exchange the Pleasure
ot Serenades and Opera’s, iorthe yelping
ot Fowler and Rockwood; and knowno
other Mufick but their sui] Cry, unless

the Vicar entertain us with 4// Foy
to Great Cesar?

but very slender Notions of these courte
Satistuctions. Tam not yet of an Age
to converte with Salves and Sear-cloaths,
or put in tor the Praiie of Cures done |

I have, really, |

The Censor. los
in a ‘Cound Neighbourhood. dread
the Thoughts of riding Ten Miles to

a Village Fair; and have not learnt to”

Lonseria with Labourers Wives, o’era

Spiced Bowl, or Dish of Cream. For

Heaven’s fake, Mr. Cenjory teach my
Father that even the Ve/fa/s were never
immur’d but for Incontinence; and
that it he fears the Power of the ‘Sea
son and his Daughter’s Fratity, inform

him that I would chufe rather'to be

uvat, than buried, alive. Consider, I
ta be ueried down to 1. Srate of

Lire, where the reading of your Pa- |
per: will, perhaps, be call’da Degree
of 4./-Hox/ewisjery; and in which the

chief part of my Srudy willbe to grow
acquainted with Tomb-Stones and E-
pit iphs, and learn by heart how many

Wives and legitimate Children Goodman

/uch 4 one has cover’d under one
lucky Stone. However gay I may
seem, know that Affliction holds its

Seat in my Bosom; and as you are good

and compaflionate, endeavour to relieve

Your confiant (but Admirer,

MONIMIA.
K.-2 | The

The Censor. N°’ 8o.
The next Epiftic is hort of the former

both in Subfance and Quality, and comes.
to me from a Member of a Sect, among
whom I littlethought to have cultivated

any F

Jo the Person, who filet! bimfelf the
CE NSOR.

Friend, if thou plea/est
Called by Custom and Family
¢ Importunities from this Town to
€ a Place of Retirement until the Aplf
proach of Michaelmas at least. It has
been my. Office, as President of our
* © Club, to :ead thy Papers most general-
© ly to pur Friends: And lam commifilon’d4rom
them, beforemy Departure,
to let thee know that thou art deem’d
with them a good Man. And that,
excepting those /ight and wanton KE ffays,
which we fuppote thou wroteft in
Compliance tothe Tatte of the Age,
they think the Publick oweth not a
ligtle ro thy Instruction ~Thou might-,
est, doubriefs, have been more severe
In thy Remarkson the Stace, but thow

proteficit thy felt a Love: of then
terludes ;

N OO. | The CENSOR. 197

© terlides; So we bidthee heart ily Pare-
Eminiel Priv

Jog ana

I have fevera 1 Ps coucts more concile
than my Fitend P7/.27’s, and that aré{ent -
barely to take a Coy rplin nental

therctore [ shall not give Thema

Place totidom have asNumber
of Orhers th at return me Thanks torcontmbuung
to their Diverfton, ‘and {peak
in Verm; which a Modcit Man fthould
not love to repeat. I thall conclude,
however with the Acknowledgrment ot
One Corrcipondent more who 1s

Quaker.

Ho NS OR.

et Meching more, being obliged
to leave the Fown, than

¢ losing the Pleasure of your printed « son=
© verfation: Aste -aring those Parts, where
Jam now to reside, are not qualified
for fuchan Entertainment. You know.
© where the Barley-corn is of more Price
thanthe and with tuch Dunghil
K Animals

si & Fes

168 The Censor. N® &o,
© Animals I must be confined for a Season.
Be assured, however, | so much
refpe& my Pleasure, that I have or-
der’d your Papers to be tranfmitred to |
me in Parcels, and to be follow’d by
© your Volumes as fast as made Publick. .
You cannot doubt with what Senti-
ments I view You, and therefore I
shall on'y subscribe my self,

Your's,

—HORATIO.

N° gO. Saturday, May 18.

Tu,quid Populus mecum defidere?,audis
Si Plauforis eges Aulea manentis, u/que
Seffuri, donec Cantor, Vos plaudite, dicat.

HE Subject, which employ’d my
Pen on Saturday lait, is not so far
exhausted but that I may resume it to
Day, elpecially as to those Parts which
were therein untouch’d, with regard -

The Censor. 119
the Writer, Performers, and
I then considered the chief Reasons, to
which the Decays of Dramatic Writing,
and the Meannets of their Repre /entatiogs
are owing. [ shall advance one Point
further, the Neglect of observing whic!r
has always hurt the Credit of Sveaical
Compositions, and their Performance. I
doubt not but a grcat Part of my Readers

have already agreed, thar a Deco-.

rum is the Quniification so’ efTential and
~neceflary to the Cozdut of the Poems,
and Carriage ot the Persons introduc’d
on the Srage. |

Mons. Hedelin has very jultly obferv’ d,
That there is no Aition of Pi: Life fa
perfectly single, as not to be accompanied by
many little Circum/ta nces, which do make it
up, as are the Time, the Place, the Ferfon,

the Dignity, the Defizas, the Means,

and the Rea/ons of the Aétion. ‘The due
—Preservation of these several Particulars
aswhat the Criticks mean by Deco-um,
or Decency. But setting aside those Mechanical
Niccties of Zime and Place, the
Inobfervation of which thock Prob thiljty,
I would confine my Remurks to
Faults in Conduét, which arise from
Impropriety of Thought, Absurdity of A-
étion, or ill-maintainine of the Charaéers.

200 The Censor. 90.
Inthe firit of these Points the Genius,
the Fancy,and the Judgment of the

Poet are principally And/to
these we may add, a very necefiary Acquisition,

a Knowledge of Nature. | If
then the Genius of the Author be not

so great and extensive as we should expect

it to be for tuch Undertakings, if
his Fancy be either contraéted, low, or
vitiated, or if he be ata “te in Juc ge
ment to correct the Flights of his Gemius,

or Extravagance of his Fancy, it

will be in vain to look for proper Sentiments
and Language. His Persons will
talk without Diitingion either to the
Charaters- he would paint, the Rank
and Quality he designs ‘them to {upport,
or the Circumstances of the Aion in
which he engages them. It would be
very cafie to multiply Examples of this
Detc& in our £xgii/h Dramaticks, but
as it is so eafie forevery Man’s Obfervationto

pointrhen out the inserting

any Wo uld but give my Essay an Air
ot Pedant

The Ab/urdity of Adis as intclligible
to every common Ng ALOT, and
more apt to create a Diilafle inan Audience

than the Impropricties o¢ Diétion.
All are not Judges alike of Language

N 90. The awe O'R. 608

and Sentiments, but most are sensible
when Actions are ridiculous, extravaimprobable,
orll-tim’d, without,
being beholden to their Acquaintance
with the Stage,’ or a Knowledge of
Rules. These are the strong Strokes of
his animated Picture, which. ; drawn a-
muls, always betray the Inability of the
Muster, and disappoint. our Admitation
in the View of his Piece. It is certain
our Paflons can never be purg’d, our
Pleasures fatistied, or our Reale

concil’d to the grofier Irregulariscs

on this Head: But with whatc Pati-*
ence can Perlonsot Patte and Judgment,
Persons regular in theirown Conduét,and
Such as could preicribe to the Poet ae at
Turnsthey thou! id expect trom particular
Circumittances, fic to see \biurdities thar
only Fools, or Madmen, should be guilty
of? I believe No bo ny will queition
that we have Judges of this nice and exguifite
Palate, as to be difgutted ar such
Improprieties in Vhings o! Nae
ture than Theatrical Reprefe ntations. If
am tempted to tell a Story, which [have
heard confirm’d, of the late excellent
Mr. Betterten: who for his Knowledge
and Juttnefs in his Profeflion was what
K ¢ Shakes

to entertain them with a Jig.

202 The Censor.

ee makes Hamlet say of his Fae

fle was a Many, take him for. All in All,
4 foall not look upon his Like again.

Tis said, he was prevail’d on once to
attend a Friend to the Diversion of a
Puppet-Show. He fat some Time with
a world of Gravity, and Pleasure, to see
the Motions of the little Wooden Perfonages,
and admir’d how well the Wires,

cand artificial Mechanism supply'd the
Offices of Life and natural Organs. At
Jatt one Incident in the Fable was the
Death of the Duke of Grafton, who h d

his Head shot off in the Siege of Limerick
or Kilkenny; (I cannot precisely decide
this Point of History) when the
Prolocutor to the Show, immediately

upon this Circumstance of Sorrow, un- |

luekily inform’d the loving Company,

That the next Figure to be presented was

the Dutchefs of Grafton, who was di/pos'd
Mr. Betterton

here started into some Disorder, and
turning on his Friend with a Look of |
Accusation for dragging him to such an
Entertainment, "Sdeath! says He,
Duke's Head foot off, and she Dutche/s

coming

N90. The Censor. 203

coming to present Us with a Fig? What
Indecorum! /Vbat Intolerable Ab urdity!
In short, all the Perfwafions his Friend
could urge, were in Vain to engige his
Stay; and he immediately with ‘Diflatiffaction
quitted the Theatre.

I with [ could say, we had nor some
Compositions in the Dramatick Way, in
which the Abiurdities are as flag
and as likely to shock a regular, and diftinguithing
Spectator.

Third Fault that. I mention’d,
which so often difparages our Plays, is.
that Egregtous One of not maintaining»

our Sharaéters. I do not so ne
fist on che Contrad:étion of Hiftorv. tho’
the Poet thould always. have Rega. so
That inthe cn nodelling oF his Per

as in the reprefeating. Achilles lels fic ce
and choler ck than Hower has
an torming U/y/es nor to difingenre.
his Subticiies shew him on: Grecia

Siage, or in making the rug 2cd
bai a Lover: Buty Hen sor
of these Characters, as we pretenc their,

differ with theintelves in the Couric

the \dtion; when they do not end the
fame Men they tet out; but entirely
cede trom the Notiors we had ener.
cain’d of their Manneis and Temper
When

orant,

2c4. ‘The Censor..- N° 9c.
When any of these Defeés are very

con{picuous i ina Poem, we cannot view
it with any tolerable Satistaction; but

where they all join in the fame Picce,

we are naturally work’d up into Impatience
and Provocation: We are not content
with the common Methods of exprefling
our Diftatte; but give our Refentments
a Scope of Virulence, and
Rutticity. Such fort of Compositions
are a very good Explanation of ena
when he says, |

[recit Subfel lia Ves

For we have {een Representations so bad,
that, as we Moderns term it, the Audience

have been ready to tear up the Benthes

|
The Want of Decorum, which L. as

et have mention’d, is to be supply'd a-
Jone by the Poet; and That which concerns
the 4éor to maintain must like the
Poect’s be borrowed trom Nature and Genius,
and help’d by Instruction and Artificial
Improvements. A Man may in
some Meaiture be born an Aétor, and
struck out for a Degree of Imitation;
but his Excellence must depend on an

acquit’ Talent, his Gestures and Mo»
tions

N’sco. The Censor. 205

tions must be regulated. from Circumstances
of the Stage, and a Knowledge
of the Character which he isto fupporr.
This Man, 1f any, may, as I said in general
Terms, Proteus-like, become capable
of assuming all Shapes and Figures,

Those juit. Actors we boast, know,
better than I should pretend to ‘inform
them, how much is owing to a proper
Dignity, a graceful Tread, and Motions
of the Arms and Body, peculiar to the
Expreflion of the respective Paflions :
and how strong Applaufes have follow’d
from a just and fine Posture, without
being indebted to the Poet’s Thought
or Expreflion. ,The Man that has not
some innate Knowledge tltis Way, and
does not owe a little to Happiness of

Nature, will never arrive at a proper’

Grace, tho’ he is studied in all Cicero's
Direétions, and in that excellent Abftraét
of Rules given to the Profeflion by
Shake/pear; who, if Report does not injure
him, knew more of the Science

than he had an Ability of putting in

Praétice.

N° Tuesday, May 21.

+f, palles ? Cur non prandebocefi?

fis Populus ridet, multumque

Perf.
HERE is scarce any thing so generally

pcraicious, or that more ‘
contributes to the Declenfion of Fami- —
jiess and ruining of Estates, than the
Person jn Poffetiion’s indulging himself
Whims, and fquandering awaya Fortune,
he either owes to his own former
Induitry, or the Acquisitions of his Ancestors,
in the Prosecution of chimerical,
and unprofitable, Studies.

The Misfortune is, that when a Man
is turned so far a Virtuo/e, as to have set
an Intrinfick Value on Hegetadles, when
he is for tracing abitrufe Dilquifitions
in Alchymy, or has his Head taken up with
Metaphysical Niceties, the Common Concerns
of Life seem trifling and infipid to
him ; the preferring a Daughter in Mari

2c6 The Censor. N or.

N° or. The CENSOR. 207

riage, or building a Barn for the Improvement

of his Kftate, are Matters

which will always be poftpon’d to his:

Speculations, ‘fill the Girl pines at home

for her Father’s Negligence, and grows

fit for Nothing but an Old Man’s Housekeeper;
and the Farm is left by the Tenant
for want of a Convenience to stow
his Corn...

Were not the Consequences of these

odd Sequeftrations. of :a Man’s Time to
be consider'd, and the Expences which
they unavoidably occasion, 1 have that
Regard for Confanguinity and Houfeheld

Dependencies, that I think it very
warrantable for the Next'1in Blood to

begin a Proccfs of Lunacy, to difpoffefs
their Frantick Relation of his Fortunes,
and prevent the Dilapidation of an Es
{tate in impertinent Enquiries. Whata

Diflocation of Time, and Subversion of .

good. Houfewifery must it create, when

the Crisis of settling Dinner is advane’d,

to keep this Decision in Sufpence, ’tll
the good Man has puzzled out the Reverse

of a half worn-out Medal, or settled
the Succeflion of the Agyptian Kings,

and accounted to himself tor the Difcordance
of the Chronglogers? Men of this

strange Cait of Head will make the moit

trivial

208 The Censor. Ni’cr,

grivial and insignificant Thing the Object

of their Study; and alte eat a

Chicken with Pariley and Burter, without
recurring to Antiquity to see in what
Respect, or Application, Par/ey ttood at
Athens, and Laccdemon. My Friend Ba-
Juzius has employ’d himself thele Ten
Years, and negleéted all Views of Advantage
and. Prefermenr, to find outthe
first Invention of Kuibes and Forks, and
to ascertain whether they owed their
Rife to the fame Start of Thought,
Tubero, the Critick, as useless in his! [Labours,

has wfote Six Quires of Paper by
Way of Enqui ry as to the Minotar “rand.

in settling the Shape and Nunber of
Knots in Fvercules's Club.
The Impretlions of a late Visit that I
aid drove Me on the Consideration of
these elaborate, but ufeleis Antiquaries ;
of which Se& Sir Zriffram Lirtlecvit was

~ One. *The Conversation I had formerly

had with this whimsical Knight,
tempred me to take his House in my
Rounds; when, knocking at his Door,

I was inform’d he was- just then Dead.

The Servant, that remember’d
my Face, would @dt permit me to go

away without acquainting his young.
Matter, to whom I soon tound Admittance,

ly Into Ditcourle On Sir

Nor. The Canson 209

rance. Young Gentleman, who
had bee 1 pretty weil wean ‘d trom Sorrow
by hy s Father’s Impertinence and
itre: igh t Allowance, receiv’d my iCon-,
dolemen ts with much East, and {cll treeam

Lays He, with an Effate not only
jncumber’d with Morteaces, but such othe
Thines frome fears it will be as
hard to dileng AL Motber’s ly
abich ke bas not par ‘dy is to be made good
by the Conversion of \ir-Pumps, Chymical
Furniture, broken Sratues,. and w:tintellicible
Medals 5 tovether qwith those T7 atts
which be bas writ, as you mav see, on Subgcs
which will neither deserve the World’s
Thanks, nor the Bookiel'er’s Purchate.

e here put into my Hands a Bundle
of Papers, infcrib’d on the an with
the following Titles. “14 Definition of a
Catar dn Explanation of the Wine
dows ot the Heavens ‘dm Order to

be Ig". A mode?? .Enquiry into the
Orivival ff Mufick Tori ther with some
Rea/cus offer’a why Faith and @ Fiddle
vere expre/sd by the (ime Word among the
Romans. 4 Compu ition of what Extent
of Ground Dido cotld unvefl with Vhongs,
cut ot of an Hide. Whether the
Hiercglyphicks found in the Carccombs

were

2100 The Censor. Nor,

were not Inscriptions of Flattery. 4 Compari‘on

profccuted betwixt Ambition, and

Grain of Muttard. The only Tract I

obierv’d in the whole that seem'd to carry
2 Suspicion of common Sense, was
A Cale fiated between the Pagans and us,

Gilenipiing to prove that they had more Religion

than any Modern Christians. But
this Treatise of Hope was fubfcrib’d with

—thisodd Memorandum: J offer Five
and twenty years Purcha/e to Goodman |

Muble for bis Field, the Romans biving

on its Western Corner, and, ‘tis

probable, by digging it I may meet with

Coins, Urns, Sacrificing Knives, or Moe

numental Lamps.

These Informations drawing some
dicule on their Projeétor detunéct, that

I may nor suffer in Character with any

of my Readers, 1 must acquaint them I

had the Heir’s Directions fer inserting
them, as also some Particulars of rhe
Teftator’s Will of the fame Stamp. For
Brevity’s Sake, -and beciufe the other
Parts of his Testament are common with
those of any Rational Man I shall purposely
omit them; marking such Omissions
every where with Afericks, as we
generally supply the Chatms of Authors,
where, as we say, De/unt Multa.

Noor. The CENSOR.

And as to my Earthly Part,

Sig iuce that the Cuflom of the Land will not

cifpence with my Body’s being burnt, /
Go desire my Remains be deposited in
a Coffin of Stone, with my Name, Qua-

hty, Age. and some Account of my Siudies

engrav’d on Bra/s id Saxon Chara&ers
and to be laid on my Bre aft; The Engraver,
above his rveafonable Payment, to have.
Copper Medalsof Swyihe!me azd A-
thelftan. - * * *
* # Zo my Physician, for kis
particular Care, and accurate Explanation
to me of my Diflemperature, I give my fine
Edition of Galen, be first fuffcring my Heir
to make a Tranicript of my Comments on
his Historical and Crtical Paflages.
Likewise I present hin with my Statue of
LF, a little dim. abcut the
I do give to my”
Dans chter Barbara: my Colleéion of antique
Medals } in Gold, defiring they may be fold
to the best Advantage for ber by that worthy

Philologer, aid my very good Friend,

Gronovius van Hoeffenbochen:
her Husband be aMan of particular Lear es
and desire them, as her Portion, to be paid ia
item,

212 The Censor. Not.

Item, J cive

wy Kin'man Suffman, my

on.the of Paradiie. Aud to my

sin Pabritia Crowflitch, foe having delighted

to bear me sth Metaphyticks,
my N otious uf Space, and incorporeal Etfences.
* *
do cive moreover to my Dear
above ment Ail tho/e Tracts to
which we put lap liana be puthat

my whether! Artaxerxes Lonpimanus.
dnd Edward Longfhanks
thoje Apsliatives from a Pa ily of Reasons,

y fit? have the Approba of th Royal.
And coring fi ome Beg t/t
my Expo; Stions of the oran and Reve-
which [cive tomy Reverend Friend

Trem, J give to my Two-

Joving Sons in equal Division, my Library,

and cli my Attronomic: aly Hy droftatical
and Pneumatic Inftrun nents, enti cating of
them 10 projeciste their § | and
recommending to them, for toe Kegucation

ti Cona: th frequent Pevisfal Garagantua,
avd Don Quixete.

he Teitamen nt contains several other

Legacies of an extraordinary Nature, but

Not. The Censor. 213

these are fufficiént to set the Genius of
the Teftator in a truc Light. and areal]
that I have Leave to insert. -If the
Terms ‘and Names, interfpers’d, seem
harsh and unpolite, Jet my Readers remember

they are the W ords of an Aii-,
tiquary, and Lam not accountable. for his
Want of Elegance, or Language,

Advertifment.

bold it necessary tore-adver tife e my Rea
ders, that for fear they foould not difcoz er
the Beauties of this m Paperyit pitt
ly wrote in that Strain which the Criticks
call, Suiffnets, and St aiclinels, and Operofenefs
of Style.

Thur {day,

214 The Censor. N’oz.

N° 92. Thur {day, May 23.

Awonua xarricey Oiay. Eurip.

J T is nota little pleasant to consider

the several Modes ard Degrees of
Gallant:y praétis’d in an Age so thionable
asours, and.to reflect on the Freedoms
of Address and Carriage, which,
what wenow call, che Precifenefs of our
Fathers would have ftigmatiz’d with “
worie Name than Levity.

We are now so far gone in our Airs of
Gaiety, bewildred with Foppery and
Impertinence, that I believe we can icarce
form to our selves a Notion of what our
Anceflors were, of the Retervedne(s and
Simplicity of their Conduét, or with
what Fear and ( aurion they the
Imputation of Lightnets and Extravagance.
The Formalityand Circum{pectis
on of Fourfcore Years azo was {so great,

that:

N’o2. The Censor. 215

that I question whether it was not as
suspicious to be seen talking witha strange
W oman, as it is now to be caught with |
her ata Tavera. ‘The Applications of
Love and Courtthip were then wholly
begun by our Sex, and, perhaps, with as
p:udential Care as a General fits down be-
torea Town. Marriages were made either
from the Union of Hearts, or from the
Convenience of Families; Cuckoldom
and Elopement were Words understood.
by few besides the Lawyers; anda marricd
Woinan knew not wha it was to
entertain a Spark.in her Husband’s Absence.

This Severity of Morals is now perfeétly
antiquated; we have taken upa
New Sct of Principles and Fashions,; and
Decorum and Gravity, those venerable
Diftinétions,- are succeeded by Flutter
and Affectation, by Flights of Libertiniim,
and Prosecutions ot Lewdnefs. A
Part of that Sex, whom Modesty should
cover asa Veil, are become so abandon’d
to our masculine Vices, that they vive
the Invitation to Debauchery, and turprize
us into by the Forwardnets
of their Attack. lis no une
com the Ebb of Day-iighr,
for a female Wanderer tocry, A/y Dear,

2:6 The Censor... N ov.

and Capfain; and found your: Inclinazionsin
( the Street by proper Qucttions and
Glances of E p eetation. For my own:
Part, always, hen thus ace. “afted,
I mend my Pace, and clap my Hands to
my Pockets to preve int Dange r. I with
the un, guarded Youth of the Fown could
pats the Syrexs with the fame Coldnefs
and Conrémpt as | pract icy and they
would conquer Vice grew intoa
Habit, and come off safe both in Fortune
and Constitution.
I question not but these Bocebanal
would serve me as ill as those of Old did

Orplieus for his Chastity, but Iso little

fear them, ‘thar, in. Order to put a Check
to the Milchiefs they may do, znd in
Honour to that Sex which they so fcandaloufly
disgrace, have contriv’d certain
Methods by which f shall grow more
terrible to them than the Apprehension
of Working, or of an Luformiig Confladble:
And I hereby give them Notice that,

during the Summer-Season, I have dit.

pos ‘df my Scouts in Platoons about the
Townto watch their Motions, and bring
them under-the Lath of my Discipline.

As am Guardian tothe Fair by
tue of my Office, mutt, likewile cauuon
againit that too common Gallantry of

The CENSOR. 217

our Sparks, who boast of receiving the

Jatt Favour from Ladies to whom they

could never gain Admittance. ’Tis 2

provoking Thing to hear a pert forward.

Youth, born out either by the Strength
of an E {tate in Expectation, or a Stock
of Assurance that he stands poflefs’d of,

determinate Rate on Reputations,

afarm that{uch a Womanis to be hadat

such a Price, and tell his Companions

how often he has been happy with Lezcippe;.
when, upon Examination, perhaps,
he does not know what Colour
her Hair is of, nor could say positively,
were he tax’d, whether the lifps, or focaks
plain. hefe W retches, that give
selves such Airs of being receiv’d, are
seldom without a Chamber-maid’s Gloves
or Fan in their Pockets, which they pats
on Company forthe Spoils of some great
Fortune, or a Person's of considerable
Quality that foall be namele/s. They ever
have the good Fortune to be en with
Letters of their own Writing to themelves,
kifsthe dear Paper as if it brought
an Invitation from their Mistress, and
cry out with Transport, /5 it pofible?

Will foe be so obliging? Angelick Womant
[ could not with a greater Punishment

on this:Race of Gallants than to
have them all Catholicks, and obliged to
Vor. ITI. L bring

218 The Censor.
bring these Sins of their Hypocrifje to
Confeffon, ifthe Men praétife any inthat
Religion. With what Coniufiin muit
one of these Penitents stand to declare,
confe/s, holy Father, 1 hove been c-
nough to give out that l bave bad some Familiarities
with Mirtilla, but mv Offence
15 mot heinous, for IT never ‘/aw hey
nearer thanfrom ber Chamber-H indow,cnd
cannot positively say whether it were She or
There are others in the World who,
by a kind Prepofleilion in their own Favour,
think it impoilible for the Female
Sex to withstand their Attacks; these
become abjolute Adventurers in Intrigue,
and, whenever an Opportunity of Accre{s
prefénts, no- Woman living can
feape their Impertinence. They meet,
perhaps, with a little. Success in their
fArft Attempt, geta Ring or Gold Snuffbox
presented them, that hau pass'd trom
W oman to Man, trom Manto Woman,
for a Succeflion of Favours: this Encouragement
heightens their own Opinion |
of their Influence, they hope to purchase
their next Mistress ar the Expence of
their Last Mistress's Present, and thusa

Chace of Gallantry is begun.

Clodio was enamour’d of the bright
Awanda, who view'd him with all the
Indifference

The CENSOR. 219

indifference imaginable: He exerted all
the Airs he was Matter of to conquer
rer Intenfibility, and artfully played a
Diamond in her Eyes, which

e wore on his Finger, to {peak powerfully

in his behalf. Inthe ‘Mid of his.

Languithments, Amanda with Eagernefs
feiz’d his Hand to gaze on the Diamond.
The trantported Love rthinks his Suitina
fair W ay trom her Admiration, and, drawing
the Ring off trom his Finger, prefens
it to her in his Ecftacy: She takes
It, and gazes with freth Wonder; he
conceives trefh Hopes, and ventures to
kiss the tair Hand that receives it.
is to employed with viewing it

round, that she minds not his Mopperys
but {rniles to herfelt, ‘and puts the Ring

upon lrer F inger. The Lover thinks he:

is afiur’d cf his Conquett, and fancies
the Hour and Place ot Appointment settled.
Sir, says the Lady, with Coldnefs
and Reie: ve, am charm ‘dwith this
mond; and the Reason phat I have
it without Scruplesy is, that it is my Own.
Clodts {tarts with some Amazement. My
Hasand, continues She, took it eff from my
Toilet above three Months age, and bas e-
ver since per/waded me that tt was
Madam, Cicdio, you must be mifiaken
im the Fewels for this I received from the

L2 Countess

220 TheCensor

Countess of---- The likelicf? Thine iu the
World! says Miranda again, for my Huasband
is very intimate with the untelSe

He gave it to Her,. She gave it to fou, and |
take it of You for Nothing, tho Eusband
has well that fooul! pay the

fame Price for it, as theCou: ntels cuben
she receiv'd it. |

I had design'd to make some Inferences,
aswellas an Apology for the seeming
Incoherence of this Story as it now
flands, but I find my Paper will not al--
low its and so shall ‘leave the Event | to.
excute it.

93. Saturday, May 25.

—— Vos.eritis
Laudine, an duci Faflum id oporteat,
Ter.

T! HE of the has entirey
employ’d my Pen for these Two
that is, the tracing the R Reasons
that has brought Dramatic Writings
to so low an Ebb, and funk the Generality
of our Performers so far beneath
the Excellence.of Those that stand on
Record,

N’93. The Censor. 224
Record, or such as we have heard our
Fathers: talk ot with Pleasure. In my Second
Paper on thele Heads, I intimated
a Design of saying something with Re- -
gard to the Spectators; and that shall be
ihe Bufineis of my present Paper.
Te isvery plain to Me,thateven where
a Play has been well finish'd by the Poer,
and the Players have performed in their
(haracters with Judgment, the
rance or ‘cretion ot theAudicn: have
made ita very poor Entertainment. 1
don’t know how it is, but of late Days,
People icemto come tothe Theatre, neither
to be diverted nor instructed. Party
and private Sentiments have so great 2
Prevalence, that the chief View withthem
isto wreft an innocent Author tc
their own Conftru&ion, and form to.
themielves an Idea of Fa€tion trom Palfages,
whence the Poet little fulpected ii
outld arile.
he neceflary Consequence of thefé
Prepoffeflions ts turning the Scenetoa
Libel. eupon the Sra 5, whenan -Audience
is-neither employ’d on the Conduét
of the Story, nor E xcellence of the Plave
er, bur fic tte uvidly litening for accidens
tal xpreii ions struck out of the St OTY,
Which speak the Sense of their own
Principles and Perfwafion, Such an Ap-
3 plication

Pits 4

22206 The Canwsor.: N® g3.

plication of Paflages is grown so Epide- .
mical, that a War of /Vhig and Tory is
carried on by Way of Clapand ////s upon
the meaning of a single Sentence, that,
unless Prophetically, could never havea-
~ny Relationto Modern Occurrences. To
thew the Force of these little Popular Zznucndo’s,
as 1 was pretent not long since
at the Tragedy of Ocdipus,. whose Fable .
is ot above three thousand Years standing,
when the Actors came to this Sentence,
Ay, Ma/flérs, if we could but live to see a-
nother Coronation ;----some certain Emotions
were express'd in the Audience,
which I have no Business to explain;
and a cunning ;Matron, who fat on m
deft Hand, jogg’dher Neighbour’s Knee,
as much as to say, It was the With of
more than One toher Knowledge. The
catching at such Expressions, that have
no Meaning but what is confin’d to the
Scene, argues a very great Depravity of
Taste, as well asof Principles, and seems
to signify a Mind poffels’d with Treatonable
Images. | |
That these Applications contribute very
much to the Detriment of Dramatick
Performances, is plain from the Interruptions
that they cause in Plays, when
the Actors are fore’d to stand ttl,

attend the Ceflation’ of their Uproar.

N°.3° The CENSOR. 223

By thete difagreeable Contentions that
Part _of the Audience which came for
thes version, and to regale therafelves
witn the Language and Pafhon of the

ye. are baulk’d ot their Enrerta:n-
ent. Their Pleature is broke in upon
by Animofities they are at a. Loss to account
tor, they cannot conceive the Stir
is begun upon any thing pronounc’d by
the Players, but look rdund to see if any
Figure of extraordinary Ridicule be entred
the Theatre.

(his is one of the main facudiasiles:
ces owing to the Jndifcretion of an Audience
there are-as many hkewife which
slow from their Ignorance.

I cannot help remarking, that the General
Privilege of judging which my
Countrymen can purchase with their
Haif-Crown, the Liberty of applauding
or exp loding a Play at Pleasure, has expos
d the Shallownet of Many a Man’s

apacity, and made him an Objecé of
Lau ahter those about him. I have
taken no imal! Pains to obferye the Passions,
and Carriage ot these Spectators on
the main Incidents of a Play; and have
made it my Bufinels to sing mie out such

Persons whose Judge pement 4 was fuljsicious

of, and have rivetred my Eyes on
them

Censor. N 9;

them. during the whole Entertaiiment,
tomark the Rifcand Progicis of

their Emotions.

fc would be unfair to publish aComment
on my private Observations, as
well as very unentertaining, unless J could
paint the Poftures and Features, I would
cxprc{s, inthe most lively Colours. Let
it tuffce to say, that when the Tragedy

has been in the Top of its Ferment, I

have seen Some fit and stare as ftupidly
as if their Eyes were fix’d, Others upon
the Grin at the Heroine’s Distress; and |
when she came to. die, their whole Care
has been to watch the Composure of her

T: is no {mall Mortification to a Man of

a resin'd. Taste, to see the finest Strokes of
Poetry and nobleft Draughts of Nature
pass'd by without the least Murmur of
Applause, tho’ the Player has giventhem
the jufteit Emphasis, and /aited his
on, as Shake/pear says, to bis Utterande:
At the fame time, when any Fuftian
crofles their Ears, tho’ never so infufterably
bellow’d our, it is sure of mecting
with the lowdeft Tcftimonies ot Approbation.
|
Among the Romans, as far as I can _
find, the Judgement of the Audience

~No3. The Censor, 224
was never exprefled till the Gonclufion
of the Play; tor the Valete & Plaxdite,
which cloie mott of their Comedies, had
been very imp ertinent, if the Speétators
had hewn t their during the Action.
indeed says, when the Actors
were either out, triffled their
Playing, or pro nounc'd fcandaloufly,

they were hiss'd by the People who did
~ pot wait for the Determination of. the
Judges. with our Reasons of Expicfion
were as solidly fourded; but, without
Regard ¢: ther to Adtion: or Emphasis,

we take a_ particular Spleen toa
Pei son, and him, as ofras he
ars, from no other Cause but our own

udje Antipathy. It were weil in this

Cafe ip we were obliged to the fame Punishment,
to shew the Injuitice of ou:
Prejudice, as 1 have read is frequent a>
mong a People. in Madaga/car.

The Saribots are a Nation of Dwarfs,
the Tallest of whom exceed not eighteen
Inches: andthe chief of their Recrea-.
tion, is that kind of Drama which we
understand by the Word.Farce.. They
hollow the Trunks of their Baricot-Trees,
which are of a ftupendious Height and
Circumference, to make their Theatres,

where they play their Comedies,
whic

226 The Censor. N Q..

which consist in. merry Expressions and
antick Gestures. Tis remarkable that
all the Spectators bring with thema Soit
of Whifile made of a Reed, to hiss the

Players when they perform not their
Part well, or take a Liberty of Lewd
Talk, or unfeemly Pottures. But no
Man i is permitted to hiss without Caute:
If any do, the Audience force him't

get upon the Stage, and if he can py
the Part better thanthe Aétor he :hils’d

he is receiv'd to be an Aétor himself:

Bur if he play it worse, they drive him
with Shame out of the Theatre, and
forbid him from that Time to make his
Appearance there.

Tne/aay ,

N 94. The Cunsor. -2

NS | [ue 2
Cives C405 Scurras
moa anigue Aitimo wares.

To. Compound whict is made up
Extravageances of the Underftandine,
Will, and Pall: of

Jeimour: Vt arikes from
Prcdominancy of one single Facu ty, and
at Others. from the Migcure of many
But always produces, wherever it reigns

the ot Mirt! and Laughrer
Tb per: aps, Cannot oe ce nfin) d't0 3e

ny particular Nation; and thy tome have
heen more farnous fori? he; Neich.

Dours, yer the Seeds of it being the

in ‘a We jay farely TH if a8 U-

2:8 The Censor. N’

universal as Mankind it self,and that the
Exertion of these Qualities in a more extraordinary
Manner.depended upon {tome

Accidents that arenot eafie to be traced.

Sir William Temple places the Foundation
of the peculiar Excellence of the
Englifo Nation in this Way upon the
Liberty and Freedom of their Government,
where, because it is allowable for
every Man to say almost whatever he
thinks, Wit breaks out and displays ir
self in ten thousand more Extravagances,.
than where Fear confines the Tongue

from many Things which the Heart is

full of, and wants to utter. In such’
Cafes, if Peopleare inclin’d tovent their
Humour, they must do it as Afidas’s
Wife did her Secret, dig a:‘Hole, and
whisper it inthe Earth; whereas here
there is no Place that is not capable of
receiving,» no Company that is not ready
to hear, any Startsor Whims of Fancy,
which the Mind of his Neighbour

has conceal’d.
But however this Freedom mav be

thought to be one great Reason, since

the Observation is fortified by the fame
Ulage in the Times of Freedom at

phens and at Rome; yet when it grows to

agreat Height, and fpeads it felt almost
into

Nos. The CeNSOR.) 229.

into a General Cuttom, it in all Probability
proceeds from Imitation rather
than any other Source. . Let any Man,
who is acquainted with this bufie Town,
furyey but the Circles of the. Zalkers in
all the Places of publick Retort, and he
will certainly meet with a String of Di-
{putants who mimick one another, and
who rife, by a certain Gradation, to the
firftt Grand Monarch of the Cofee-reon.
These, as they feverally grow upto a
egree of Conhdence, trantplant themselves
to other Quarters of the talkative
World, begin to truit a little more to
themselves, and give a freer Scope to
their Thoughts, than when they were
under the Reittraint of a bare Imitation. |
Thus One, who has heard, obferv’d, and
mimick’d, for half a Year, the Smyrna
or Button’s, bundles up his Oblfervations,
grdws fawcy, and isa Man of Wit and
Information in the City. Ir is often
known too that Observers from the
Change have truck’d their Stock-Intelligence
for Witand Scandal at St. James's,
and, by a mutual Intercourse between
the Dealers in Wealth and Politicks,
grown into a mix’d Animal, able to shine
in any Parties of Conversation they are
pleas’'d to chute.

This

2,0. |The Censor:
his great Freedom, and its E ficéts,

being so well known, to.the Abuse of
Civil Societies and all Good-manneis, |
shall take the Liberty of describing lwo
of these Species, that my Readers may |
point them out, and diftinguith themby
the Names give theth, the Politick
Knower, arid the Politich Afirmer.
The Politick Anower, is one who is
enough acquainted with Geography, by
the Help ct tiie Gazetteer, to be tolerably
acquainted with every Metropotis in
Europe, and has a imal Smattering in
the Manners and Customs of the People,
and is particularly exact in his Knowledge
ot the Seats.of War. By this Affittance
he can lead Armies wherever
pleases, roarch over Rivers, level Mounim,
and dispose of Provinces just as it
suits his Humour or Prejudice. It contradi€ted,
he can have Recourse to the
Map, and by pointing out Situations, |
shew wheat Blunders and Errors mutt be
committed 1 his Schemeis not follow’ds;
and tho’ it is not, and Succets ensues
other Way, yet a’ few Months blot
out che Memory of h:s Projeet, or, perhaps,
the Reputation of his Skill is falved
by an Enterprize something like it.

As for the Mattersat Home, he is tamiliar

The Censor. 23%

liar enough with them to know Names,
Places, Offices, and Salaries, from The
prelent State of ENGLAN inwhich
he is deeply read ; and, it maybe, knows
Heraldry enough to tell whole Coach o:
Chariot pafles by. His own Curtoliry.
and common Fame, furnish him with

the Knowledge ot what is call’d The

Characters of Meng which, as they stand

upon such kind of Report, are commonly
either most false, or uncertain. These,
as they go in the Mass‘he has mix’d ’em,
he can cut, fhufie, divide,. fubdivide,
so as seemingly to make Parties and In:
trigues at his Pleasure: and by confidently
infiiting on his Knowledge of some
Greate ndividual, transtcrr the Weight

of Bufineis on any Side. He knows ot

Debates that never were design'd; and
whatever are, he is pre-acquainted with
all the Particulars that such Speakers intend,
beforethey themselves know what
they shall say. AnIntelligence becomes
Publick, he enumerates the minute Parts
that are known to. few; and, as he says,
fewer dare speak of. All Mailes and
Posts which can influence Publick Business,
arrive first at his Quarters: the
Impertinence of every Foreign Newswriter,
from his Management, improves

into: -

The Censor. N° og.
into a New Scheme of Politicks, and

gives him an Opportunity of making, or -

breaking Alliances his . Harangues
He ‘orecafts the Rife and Declenfion of
Credit, and the Advancement and Ditgrace
of Ministers;-and is only not One
among the bett of them, because Merit
is seldom regarded, and Modeity keeps
Kim back irom Preterment. He repeats
all private Stories of Wit, Repartee, or
Affront, with an Air of being preient

at their Utrerance; and knows what

ought to have been said in Return berter

than any Man living. In thort his’

Qualifications {eem much the fame, thar
the Old Schoolmen made tor a compieat
Metaphyfician, to be able Di/putare de
omni (c.bi.t, and which he is, indeed, at
all Times ready to perform. - So much
forithe first Character.
The Politick Afirmer follows next, a
bold confident Creature, of great Readiness
to aflent to any Proposition that relates
to the shallow Scheme of his own
Politicks. The Air of Truth or Probability,

never enter into his Head; he is |
a Stranger to Exception and Reaton ; and |

what-ever he hasa Mind once tc have
true, shall be so in Spight of the clearest
Evidence to the Contrary. ‘Tis Labour

N’94. The Censor 233
dour loft to try to argue him out of an
Opinion, from the common Topicks
that bring Ditcredit on any Relation; a’
biunt athrming Oath, on his own Side,
determines the Controverfie to him in
his own Favour. His Confidence chances
sometimes to give him Credit where
he is notknown; and always takes it a-
way trom Truth it self, where he is.
The Subjects of his Affirmation are as
wide and comprehensive, as those of the
Politick Kuower: He-aftirms with equal
Pretences to Certainty, of Courts, and
Stocks, Lords Quarrels, and Ladies Intrigues,
distant Battels, and Convocation
Disputes. His Language is always
in that Stile, which the Learned call E-
goti/ms, say it, Laffirm it.

The Description which Plautus gives
of these Creacures, is Natural and Delicate,
and drawn up with a World of
Vivacity and Spirit. There is nothing,
says He, és more filly, more ridiculous, more
lying, more impertinent, more pofittve, nor
a more perjur'd Set of Mortals than your
confiant News-mongers, whom we may term
Intelligencers: They pretend to know every
thing, and know nothing: they know
what every Man has in bis Head at prelent,
or will have for the future; they know

what

what the King whi/per'd to the Queen, ~ |
what Conver/fation pajt betwixt Jupiter and
Juno; they know what never was, nor wiil
be done; they rail, and praije at Rica/ure, |
without ay Regard to Truth, or Fal/ebavd ;
they care not what they [2y, so you allow |
them to know, what they.preiend to know.
It were to be wish'd this was only a
Deicription of Humour, and not to be
toundinany real Character in Common
Life, where we meet with it but too |
often. The Evil Consequences that attend
it are nurfterous, since {uch a Management
sets up a wrong Standard of Judgment,
contounds Truth and Falfhood,
and introduces Uncertainty in all mix’d
Conversation. I't makes the Person himself
a Lyar to himself, and a Betrayerof =|
Ochers; a Blemifher of unknown Re- :
and a Spreader of groundlefs
ears and Jealoufies. It teaches Blockheads
to talk, and Fools to believe; rai- |
fes impernitent Enquiries which would .
never be thought of; amd ends the
Proititution of good Manners, Senie,
and Honeity. As it makesall Perions |
equaily-Judges of Publick Affaifs, and
brings the greatest Points of Government |
to the Decision of a petty Board oi infipid
Talkers, it by That weakens the |
Bonds |

N° 95. ENS OR.

Bonds 0° Society, and ‘effens the Dig-.

nity of Governors themielves. If every
pert-Mimick inthis W ay would, before

he either afirms or gives | his Assent ro

any thing, ask himfeit how ke would
have his own Charatter treated inv the
fame Circumitances, it would be the
beit Method of destroying that numerous

Race, which now abound, of the
Politick Knowers, and the Politick _

mMers.

Thursday, May 30.

Hominum immortalis est Infamia,
Etiam tum vivit, cumefe credas Mortuam.
Plaut.

HE Assumption of that Name and
Character which I have bore in my
Writings, gave mean unlimited Privilege
of Phrate and Style, and a Power
ot “exhorting or reprehending ar Pleature.

chink it my Duty, now that have refolv’d

tor awhile to unbend from. Study,
and give Way to Ease “and Silence, to

advile the. Publick to suffer a Regard to
thes

236 - The Censor. N° 95

their Honour «and Reputation to haye
the Awe of a. Cen/or on their Conduct.
It is in every Man’s Power to ercét a
Court of Judicature in his own Botom,
and if he have Reason enough to distinguish
between Right and Wrong, he
can easily pass a Sentence on his own Aktions.

It were mighty well if every single

Member: of the Republick would.
itudy to be before-hand with the. World
inthe Examination into his own Character:
For an Enquiry of this Sort,

made without Partiality, would retrench

the Number of our Vices, and be a
Curb on our Impertinence. We should
be afham’d of giving into Things, which,
when blown, must expose ds to Raillery
and Ridicule: and if we had learnt the
Art of condemning our selves for Faults,
we should soon consider how little Mer-

cy the Publick would shew to our Frailties,

and what rough Treatment we mutt:
expect from their Cenfures.’
The Satisfaction of wrapping our {elves

up in our Innocence and Integrity, the

Pleasure of having no7Crimes to upbraid
our Memory, anda Defiance of the
World’s Malicious Comments, from an.
Assurance of our Virtuc, are Comforts
that can scarce be equail’d by any pattp-

The Censor. 237
ly Blessings, and Supports under the heavicit
Aggravations of Fortune. I always.
look on this Advice of //orace with Ad-
Miration,

Flic Myrus abencus effo:
Nil con{cire fibi, nulla paliescere Culpd.

It is indeed Wall. of Brafsto Us, to
be conscious to our selves of nothing Shameful,
nor to turn pale at the Reflettion of our
Crimes. The great Difference of our Satistaction,
will be from the Source of
our Confidence, whether it {prings from
a Conicience and firm Idea of our Integrity,
or from our being harden’d in a
hicentious Praétice, and having weather’d

the Notions of Infamy and Disgrace.
| | |

The Diftinétion of these Two diffe-
rent Characters, is mighty eafie from
their Symptoms: The Boldnefs that a-
rises from a Want of Guilt, as it is justifiable
in itself, so it is becoming, and
never shocks the Grace of Modesty. It
asserts-its Innocence without a Sawcy
Presumption of Merit; and never makes
its Appeal to the Publick, but to throw
off the Stain of Scandal and Defamation.
If the World grows unreafonably malicious

230 The

maliciousand detracting, it rather mourns
than defpifes its Imjuttice: and doubles
its Caution in its Condug’, to make Calumny
afham’d of taxing it.
The Contidence, that takes Root frem
a Perieverance in Vice, and a Dilregard |
to the Thoughts and Opinions of Men,
is at beit bur {mpudence, and a Gloss of
Integrity. It is so far a Stranger to Modefiy,
that it would impose a false Charaéter
on the World; and tailing of that ;
End, makes a Boatt ot-its own Quality,
and i»careleis how difccurs’d of, or ap-
~prowd:— [his acquu’d Principle makes
~ People square their Ations by the Rule
of Inclination, they have no particular
Views to the Scandal they contract, bur’
fortifying themielves in the Idleneis of
the publick Judgment, they set them-- --
selves above Ceniure and Observation,
and so they can but gratiiy their own
Passions, or bring about their Interest,
they cry,.as the Sca-Captain does in
OROONOAO, Let the World tak,
and be damn'd.

I grant to pinn our {elves down, with ,,
too much and Niccty. to |
all the Interpretations that may be put
on our Actions, to fear the Defcant of

a cenforious Age, ev’n when we giveno |
Occasion

Toe Censor. 239

Oceaficn to Reproach, is drawing on
ous selves a Series of Un.cafineis. We
cannot take a Step with that Prudence,
and tair Meaning, but Iil-will may give

ita foul Conttruction. Mankind in ge
neral are so full of Faults, that every one

is for finding a Blemith in his Neighbour;
as‘it a Defeét dilcover’d in-another

help’d to conceal ‘a Deformity in.

our selves. He therefore that rests too
implicitly on the Judgement of the World,
and is anxious, uponevery Circumftanée,
of its Report, is fureto fit down unfatisfied

with his own Conduét, and fell his

Quiet to a ‘Train of Doubts and unplicafane

Reflections.

The Art will be therefore to preserve
a Medium betwixt our Regard to Reputation
and the Opinion of the Publick :
To look onthe latter asa thing we should

court, but not sacrifice our Ease to obtain:

To look onthe Former as a Thing
we must labour to maintain by our Conduét,
but as what depends as much on
the Caprice of the Worid and their Interpretation,
as our own Prudence and
Integrity. There is however this'consideration
which should move us flrongly
to consult our Famé¢, and that is. if
we once haye made a Slip in Character,

249 The Censor.

or suffer in it from Malice and i!] Con-
{truction, it is a Difficulty, next to an
Impoflibility, to retrieve our Honour,
and reconcile our selves to bye Thoughts
and Opinions of Men. A Justification
of our Actions, and an Evidence of their
being mifreported, are vain; we pun
way with Prejudice and Prepoficflion,

and think it an Injury to our Under-

{landing to be convinc'd.

~The Consequences therefore of being,
the-eternal Mark of Scandal,. and contracting
an Odium we cannot wipe away,

jhould put us on the itricteft Guard aS
— to our Lives. A Man may have an ill
in Trade, and be brought to the

loweit Ebb of Fortune, yet by Induttry
and good Luck repair his Circumttances,
and be born again on the ‘Tide of Suc-

—cefs. There is luétuation in the Goods

of Fortune, and if the Wind fits fair in
the Shoulder of our Sail, our Lot stands
on a Level with the oh of our Neighbours.
But in. the Cale of Reputation,
we are plagu’d with a fort of Trade-

Wind which always blows the fame_

Way. Shake/pear hastouch’d the Difference

betwixt losing’ our Wealth and
Character in the nicest Strain, andgiven

his Obiervation a Turn, which at once.

should

93. The CuNSOR. 241

should make us tender of our own Re

putation 5 and discourage us fom wounding
another

Good Name, in or Tivoman,

Is the immediate For el of Souls:

Twas Nii. Us Lis H, 1S asad Pas J

Bit he that filcdes fron: Mer ‘ygood

Robs Me of han which not enriche:
Aid makes me poor indeed.

he Two Extremities we must endcavour
to avoid, if we wouldthink to keep
fair with the World, are neither to be

negligent, nor in our Conduét.

If we are carclefs of our ownReputation,:
we shall lye open to every loose
Attack; if-we are still upon the Catch
to-defame another, there are enough
who will be induftrious to makethe Rerizal.

We should therefore take heed
en we do an Aétion we should condemn
in another; or condemn an Action
we might ourselves have done in the
fame Cafe. By such an Examination, on
either Hand, Scandal and Infamy would
VoL. M have

242 The Censor: N’gs.
have but very little Work ; flagrant Vices
would be avoided like dans erous Roads,
and we should ever chufe rhe Path of

Safety and Discretion. Without such an
Impartial View, as Bruyere has obférv’d,

The fame Vices which are deform'd and infupportable
in Othersy) we don’t feel in our

selves, they are not burthenfome to us; but

seem to ret without. Weight, as in their
proper Centre. — |

Fam fatis est: Hor.
Y Bookfeller having acquainted me

that he has now atufficient Number
of my Papers to compleat his.74ird
~ Volume, | have refolv’d here to fix my
Refit, and from this Day shall remain in
a State of Silence; therefore desire my
Rezders to look on this in the Nature
of my Last Will and Testament,a Work
which Men of Scruple and Superstition

never begin “till upon the Point of Death.
Tho’ 1 argues something of an Intamous

Way of going off, to leave a dying
Speech behind One,:my Bookfeller, who
is a Man of a smooth Behaviour, defir’d

N° 66 The CENSOR. 243
me toconclude witha fort of Flouri/h to the

Tow; more regarding, I fuppote, his
own Interest in this Advicethan my Reputation.
I remember that merry Comedian
Plautas ended some of his Plays,
as I conjecture this» Gentleman would
have Me wind up. In his P/eudolus,
particularly,as the Actors are all preparing
to guit the Scene, Two of them ttop
to introduce the following Pleafantry. »

Pfeu. hac Ball. Le Sequor. Quin

vocas Spectatores fimul?
Pfeu. Hercle, Me [fi
Haud folent vocare, neq; ergo Ego
Jos. Verum fi voltis applaudere
approbare hunc Grecem Fae
bulam, it Craftinum vos vocabo.

Pfeu. Come this Way. Ball. 7 follow

jou: But don’t you likewise invite the Speéhators?

Pfeu. By wy Troth, No: They never use

to invite Me, nor therefore do I Them. But,

Gentlemen, if please to say that our
Floufe and Play please you, Lf ime

vite- you hither again to Morrow. All
the Use that Iam to make of this Quo-e
tation, is to let my Readers know, thar

if they have been so kind as to think
my Lucubrations: an Entertainment as

M 2 they

244 . The Cex sor. -

they came out single, I would invite
them, in my Bookicller’s Name, to give
them a new Perulal in the Volumes.
have still endeavour’d, as I went
on, to make them Eflays so little dependant
on Time and Circumttarices, that
they should not owe their Spirit to No-
velty, butbethe fame Amusement wheneyer
taken in hand: And the Publither |
Care to reduce the Volumes
into that portable Size, thatthey will sir
the Potket as commodioutly as the Clo/cr,
and yettheyare printedinaLetterofthat
Magnitude as not to be burthenfome to
the weakeli Eyes. Were I difpos’d to |
my front a ‘Train of |
Argun ais, might say a good deal on
the Scheme of my Paper, on its being
calculated for the Publick Diversion,
what Pains I have taken to make it
come up to that Design, and how many
Diihculties a Work of this Nature
I profefs, tho’ ] am not apt to be unreafonably
vain, and yet have had some |
Success, “tis no.cafie Labour to gain
Reputation by such Thereis
such a Variety of Tempersto befatished,
such a Variety of Opinions to be combated,
such a Number of © uneatic
Guesses at the Author, and such Ojeéti-

IN DE A.
Orizinel Pidures bung up ia the Playbou'ey
N. 73,

W After: Holydays, the Diverfions thereof

Ly” celcrthed, N. 79.
ts the belt Teachers

C; WV. OB.
Garicfers N. 80.

Ope, Difcour/e thereon, 8 3.
Humourift far from being the fame as
the Unequal Main, 81. -,

Ulius Czfar, of Shakefpear, wherein
preferable to all the ancient or modern
Plays, 79.
Etter:from Oxford upon the Uninteiiegiblene/s

of Womankind, N. 68: how

improve Learning to the best Advantage,
69. From Exeter, on Bigotry, N. 32.
From Monimia complaining of ber Pa-

rents forcing her to marry a an she did
not like, N.89. From Prim the Qua-

Littlewit (Sir Triftram) his last Will,N.o1

forced and unequal, an Ejfay

on that Subjel, N. 85.
Marriage, the Bless ings of that State dis

— its Divers ity of

Ministers of State, an Occupation highly te

be NV. 74. Ln

the Inquifitor, bis Sentence on
the Soldiers, Lawy er Phy ficians,
Courtiers, &c. N. 64.
Pittures of not so great a Vanity
as [ome imagine, N. 65.

Players, Playwrights anil Audience defcanted

on, 87, 90, 93.

Politick Knowers, and Politick ymers
S. Self-.

cribed, 94.

INDEX,

If- Examination enfore'd, N. o¢.

Sleep, Discourse thereon, N. 84. |
Soul, its Immortality made clear by the
Principles of reveal'd Religion, N. 78.
( Earl of )his Poems praisd, N. 88.

Ibullus, as Essay towards a Tranflas

tion of that — recommended,
