' 
7-
fi': 
Ww 
m 
m 
am* 
m 
IW ' 
m 
pKjfc' 
THE WORLD: NKW YORK, TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1872. 
§*mJNtMi1£HMi 
T U E S D A Y . J A N U A R Y *3 18TS. 
LEKT BEFORE THE COMMITTEE. 
GEOBUK K. Lxrr, notorioos as the hoad of 
the general-order swindle, was yesterday ex-
amined under oath by the Senate CoiiirhitUw 
of Investigation. 
LKET is a witness who has 
every motive and every interest to conceal. 
color, and diugnise the truth ; to conceal it 
outright on points where he feeln safe 
agminst detection 
and the penalties of 
perjury, 
and 
to 
color 
and 
disguise 
it on points where he is not quite sure 
whether means of detection exist. The ma-
jority of the committee seemed to act on mo- | 
ti vci very similar to those of the witness. On 
|>ointa which had been fully proved and put 
beyond question by preceding witnesses, 
they examined with a great appearance of 
rigor; but on other points they seemed to be 
in ooUoflion with the witness to shield both 
Leer and his White House patrons. 
Before 
attending to LEET'B prevarications, let us 
glanoe at his confessions. 
He swears that he had his eye on the 
general-order business two months before 
President GKANX'B inauguration. 
Soon after 
that event, he went to Mr. WABHBI'KNK, then 
General GBANT'S Secretary of State, known 
to be his most intimate friend, and, as it 
were, his creator, and asked of Secre-
tary 
WASHBUENB a letter to Mr. GIUN-
XEXX, 
with 
whom 
WASHBUUNE was on 
terms of friendship. 
The request was 
complied with and the letter given. LEET had 
already found out that Mr. GKINNKJ.L would 
probably be appointed Collector of the port. 
He then went to President GHAUT, and tell-
ing him that he understood that Mr. GBIN-
KKLX was to be appointed, asked if he might 
communicate 
to him the 
information. 
General 
GBA>T 
thereupon 
began 
writ-
ing 
another 
letter 
recommending 
LEET 
to 
Mr. GBINKKU., and 
although 
told 
it was needless, completed it and gave it to 
LEET, who understood from the President 
that he was at liberty to tell Mr. GKINNELL 
thai he would be appointed Collector. It is 
evident that a stranger could not have ap-
peared in New York under more favorable 
auspices for getting anything he wanted 
•which it%as in the power of the grateful 
incoming Collector to give. 
It appears from LEKT'S testimony that the 
general-order business was what he had in 
view from the first, that he had spoken to 
General GHAUT about it previous to his inau-
guration, and that the general-order business, 
and that only, was what he applied for to Mr. 
Grarax. 
Collector 
GBIHNELL, not suspecting that 
anything 
more 
was expected 
of him 
than a 
lil>eral 
provision for a mem-
ber of General 
GEANT'S staff, 
gave 
LEET 
only a moderate portion of 
the gen-
eral-order business. An arrangement was 
made with BIXBT, who owned a warehouse, 
by which LEET, who had neither warehouse 
nor capital, and nothing but his White 
House influence with the Collector, should 
have an equal share of the receipts, although 
be contributed neither time, labor, capi-
tal, nor anything beyond his connection 
with the President 
On this sole ground 
LETT 
was to 
receive 
as 
much 
for 
doing nothing 
as 
BIXBY 
received 
for 
all the labor, 
care, 
risk, responsibility, 
supply of capital, and use of his ware-
house. 
Kay, the business 
made him 
more than an equal partner. 
Even if the 
profits amounted to nothing, LEET was to re-
ceive $5,000 a year, though it should have to 
be 
paid 
out of 
BIXBT'S 
pocket. 
In 
ease the profits 
amounted to $10,000 a 
year, or exceeded that sum, they were to IMS 
equally divided; but if they fell short of 
910,000, LEET was to have his $5,000 in any 
event for doing nothing; and after that, 
half of the profits for still doing nothing. 
When this precious bargain had been con-
summated, LEET went back to Washington 
and continued to draw his pay as an army 
otteer (he swears to it himself) for nineteen 
months from the time General GRANT gave, 
him that letter to Mr. GBTNNKM.. 
Let us pause here and take breath. We 
have thus far followed the least scandalous 
part of this disgraceful business, and the 
assurance with which LEET has testified to it 
might seem ingenuous if we did not know 
that it is a stale trick of persons dipt in guilt 
to boldly confess the part that cannot be 
denied, in the hope of thereby gaining be-
lief for their false statements in matters 
where they suppose the evidence against 
them is not so clear and overwhelming. But 
the trick is in this case vain, because what 
LEST confesses stamps his character, and 
proves him capable of any swindle for which 
he thinks he has safe opportunities. 
He 
substantially confesses upon oath that be 
cheatsd 
the New York 
merchants out 
of 
his half 
of 
B U S T S 
receipts. 
Of 
coarse, 
BURY 
did not 
mean 
to do 
this business without a reasonable profit. It 
is plain that all that was given to LEET under 
that arrangement was a fraud upon the mer-
chant* and an extortion. 
The written agree-
ment between LEET and BIXBT was put in 
evidence yesterday, and it corroborates the 
aworn sUtement of previous witnesses that 
ID 
that bargain all the 
reeeipti 
were 
reckoned 
as profiU. 
Consequently, the 
merchants paid 
twice 
as much m It 
aetasHy cost to do the business and give a 
profit to BIXBT. 
This alone is sufficient to 
brand LEET as a dishonest man and a swind-
ler. Be had no more right to (he money 
he thus received than if he had stolen it 
from the pockets or safes of the merchants. 
Whether • dishonest man may be an 
witness, is a question not worth dis-
Certata it is mat LETT in various 
of hu testimony contradicts several 
witoieaes of unhnpeeehed character 
for 
honesty, and in 
some 
important 
contradicts 
himself. 
He has 
as no man eonsciotM of 
inno-
would ever think of acting. 
Se 
i compelled to swear yesterday that he had 
kept a lawyer in attendance ever since the 
tavesrigstion 
began. 
There would have 
ao need of that if he is innocent. He 
(erass* Jvfau) 
that neither OB***, 
or aVaoocar, although he was m 
of 
daily 
tirttaufi 
with 
them, 
a lisp of 
am 
litsBUi 
with 
of his jliWafrlM • 
la m CM-
e ml-order business. 
If we should concede 
the truth of his testimony, what would be the 
inference ? Why, that he knew it to be such 
a swindle that he was ashamed to have it 
known. 
But if the parties named did 
know of it (which most people will be-
lieve) the natural inference would be that 
LJ.KT 
swears 
to 
their 
ignorance and 
innocence in order that* his whitewashing 
may secure for him a continuance of the 
Imsiness. 
What he swears alxiut his connec-
tion with the army and bis mode of leaving 
it is quite of a piece with his defrauding the 
New York merchants. 
He continued to draw 
Ins |>ay as an army officer up to the first of 
last August, although he reudered no service 
after February, 1870. 
Unless we are greatly mistukeu, important 
parts of LEET'S testimony will be proved false 
by subsequent witnesses, and wo therefore 
defer further comment till to-morrow. 
held amenable to eary rule of examination 
except each as is strictly technical. 
If they 
can operate a telegraph battery bow reject 
UK-UI from office on the rulss made for offi-
cials not required to posses* that peculiar 
and not widely acquired skill ? 
THE POSTAL TELEOBAFH JOB. 
Senator BANKET reports from the Senate 
Postal Committee the bill to put the telegraph 
system of the United States under Federal 
control, and urges its speedy passage. The 
terms of this bill, as introduced by Mr. RAM-
SET on the 7tb of December last, provide for 
the incorporation of divers citizens into a 
company to operate all the telegraph lines 
throughout the country under contract for 
that service with the Postmaster-General, the 
company to have the exclusive right to ope-
rate telegraph lines within the United States, 
and to be compensated in a cunningly devised 
way. 
The net income from tolls is never 
to be less 
than 10 per cent, on the 
capital stock, which is at first to be $1,000,-
000, but may be raised to any amount there-
after required in the way of constructing 
lines. 
If, therefore, the cost be raised to 
$100,000,000, the company cannot receive 
ICHS than $10,000,000—if the net income be , 
less we presume the Federal Treasury under , 
the contract must make up the deficit—and 
may receive any amount more. As part of 
the bill are certain prescribed charges, but as 
the Treasury must meet any deficit of re-
ceipts imposed on the company, said tolls are 
really indeterminate. 
Such then is the bill just favorably re-
ported by Senator KAHSET. 
Before proceed-
ing to the discussion of the measure, it will 
l>e interesting to touch upon the history of 
the job it embodies at this session. In his 
last message Mr. GBANT said in speaking of 
the suggestions in the Postmaster-General's 
report: 
"Especially do I recommend favor-
" able consideration of the plan for uniting 
" the telegraph system of the United States 
" with the postal system." This plan will 
be 
found 
on 
pages 
25-31) 
of Mr. 
CBESWEIX'S 
report, 
and its exposition 
concludes thus: " In my judgment laws 
'should provide as well for the absolute pur-
' • chase of the lines and appurtenances of all 
" telegraph companies now in operation as 
" for the exclusive right and authority of the 
" government, after the several purchases 
'' shall be concluded, to conduct the business 
" of transmitting telegraphic messages." That 
great expense will attend the operation of this 
plan Mr. CKKHWELL admits, but proposes to 
find some at least of the funds necessary by 
establi shing savings banks under the guarantee 
of the general government and subject to the 
direction of the Post-office Department. 
This hopeful plan and its indorsement by 
Mr, GBANT at once attracted attention in Con-
gress. 
In the House, December 5, Mr. RAN-
DALL showed that the first outlay would be 
$25,000,000, and Mr. NIBLAOK suggested that 
the President would thereby obtain the ap-
pointment of no fewer than 8,000 new 
office-holders "which fact made the pro-
position an appalling one to him." Mr. 
FABNSWOBTB said " the government would 
"thus 
have cognizance of all the pri-
" vate, confidential, and financial business 
" of the people," and " the whole thing was 
" monstrous in any way that it could be re-
" garded." Mr. BECK said he had been a 
member of the select committee having this 
general subject in charge last session, and the 
enormity of the project had been understated 
in every way. The number of new office-
holders the proposition would entail would be 
twenty-five thousand, and the first outlay 
would take from the people $70,000,000. We 
next have Senator CBANDLEB urging, on the 
l'.'tb of December last, that the government 
should have control of the telegraph lines, 
and then the job was silently incubated up to 
this time. 
The nature of the proposition we have al-
ready intimated. 
It is the legitimate suc-
cessor of Santo Dominge, but Santo Do-
mingo swelled into a hundred-fold greater 
proportions. As may be known to the reader 
two methods of tacking on the telegraph 
business to the government of the United 
States have 
been 
proposed; 
one the 
purchase outright by the government of 
all 
lines 
and the inhibition 
of any 
private 
companies 
starting new lines; 
the 
other 
the 
absorption 
by Federal 
aid of all existing lines and their trans-
fer, with an exclusive right of operating 
lines, to a corporation. 
This Jatter is the 
HAMSET plan. The government of the United 
States is tot erect a sort of public-private 
monopoly—public as regards its origination 
and support; private as respects its manage-
ment and profit. 
Mr. RABBET'S company is, 
in effect, to have the Federal Treasury first 
buy and men subsidize the telegraph busi-
ness for the benefit of A, It, and C— 
" G A B D I X B B 
C 
HtTBBABD, 
o f 
MASSAOHn-
" S*TTB; 
A, 8. 
HEWTTT, of 
NEW YOBE 
"JOsW 
F. 
F. 
TBACET, Of 
ILUBOIS; 
"and others," in the language of the bill. The 
individuals are to have a contract with the 
Post-office 
Department whereby they are 
never to have a less profit than 10 per cent, 
on their capital stock. 
Coming in as lineal 
heirs of the present 970,000,000 system their 
income must be 97,000,000 at the very least. 
If the Ml* will not make that the Federal 
Treasury must supply the deficit, just as let 
ters are carried st a given rate aad the 
Treasury makes up ear deficit 
arising 
from lack of mail revenue. 
A more im-
pudent job has never been excogitated even 
by this .dnunistrsii.* 
Santo Domingo in 
it* best estate hardly amounted to more than 
910,000,000 or 9lfr,000,000, bat this swindle 
starts at from fee to seven times that earn. 
Added to the moeey spoliation is the deadly 
stab at civlUervios reform inflicted by a sow 
13,000 OBEM holdaw who cannot be 
CITY BEF0KM THAT MEANS BOltETHINO. 
It is already too evident that not much 
good is to be expected from the preseut 
Republican Legislature without a strong out-
side pressure by honest men. Our Demo-
cratic German fellow -citizens, who contributed 
so much to the reform movement in the late 
election, recognize this necessity, and in the 
meeting held a few evenings since, at which 
Mr. OTTKNDOBFEB made a capital speech, they 
passed the following resolutions, which are 
worth more attention than they have yet 
received : 
'' Whereat, The current expenses ot every well -
managed municipal government are to be met by 
regular yearly taxation levied for that purpose, and 
a deviation from such practice can only be j unclA M! 
i>y the occurrence of extraordinary events impera-
tively requiring large sums to avert great tuid im-
minent danger; and 
•' Whereat, Debts to fall due at a remote future 
period should only be contracted for carrying out 
(treat and permanent improvements, to the end 
that the generation which will be called upon for 
the liquidation of the principal sum may also enjoy 
the fruits of the investment; and 
'' Whereat, The present voters of the City of New-
York should be held responsible, In a great meas-
ure, for the shameless robberies which, during the 
last few years, have been committed in the > our.-n-
of the administration of the affairs of this city, be-
cause by their own apathy and neglect of duty they 
bad enabled corruption to creep in and Intrench 
ttseli to the extent to which It has been done, and 
should consequently not be permitted to perpetuate 
tbe injustice of inflicting punishment upon pos-
terity lor sins by themselves committed; and 
'' Whereas,Ttie attention and vigilance of the citi-
zens of this city, and a due supervision on their 
part of public affairs can be tiest Becured by bring-
ing the results of an extravagant and corrupt city 
government Immediately and regularly to their 
notice in the shape of regular and direct yearly 
taxation; and 
'' Wherem, The payment of the revenue bonds 
which fell doe on the 15th of last January, to thr 
amount of $6,250,000, and should have been re-
deemed out of the proceeds of last year's taxation, 
has been affected by the Issue of new revenue 
iKMids, falling due at the end of two years, whereby 
the burden of that amount has been transferred 
from the year 1871 to the year 1873; therefore, 
*' Rtmlved, That the entire current expense for 
carrying on the city government during the present 
year, including the deficiency for 1871, should be 
raised by taxes, to be levied and collected for the 
year 1872, and that the rate of taxation should be so 
far advanced as to insure the collection of a suffi-
cient amount for that purpose. 
" Resolved, That toe deficits for nil should be 
recognized and provided for only to the extent of 
all claims for services actually performed and for 
materials and supplies furnished at reasonable 
rates, and that the heads of departments which In-
curred liabilities exceeding the sum set apart for 
them by the Board of Apportionment should be 
held responsible for the consequences of their il-
legal acts. 
' • Resolved, That we confidently expect that the 
Legislature now In session will not content itself 
merely with legalizations of past violation of law, 
and that it will therefore under no circumstances 
deviate from the principles enunciated by us in 
these resolutions. Any such deviation would stamp 
its legislative enactments as a mere set of reso-
lutions having no real binding force, and which may 
be violated with impunity." 
This hits the mark in tbe middle. 
There 
is nothing new in the principle, for the 
soundest Democrats of the State have always 
held it; but the proposed application of it to 
city affairs is seasonable and wise. It is 
necessary to bring municipal abuses home to 
the pockets as well as the intelligence of citi-
zens, and the only way of doing this effectu-
ally is by compelling the tax-payers to meet 
all liabilities (except for great permanent 
improvements) 
in the same 
year 
they 
are 
incurred. 
Instead of 
merely pay-
ing 
the interest, 
they 
must 
be un-
flinchingly 
taxed 
for the whole debt. 
This is the only safeguard against prodi-
gality, and the only means of enlisting the 
majority of heavy tax-payers in municipal 
politics. 
There is no surer guarantee against 
waste, extravagance, and corruption, than an 
inflexible adherence to "pay-as-you-go." If 
this principle had been enforced for the last 
three or four years, the people would have 
promptly rebelled against Tammany at the 
outset, and the present city debt, instead of 
being' a hundred millions, would not exceed 
thirty. 
What Mr. OTTEHDOBFEB and the German 
Democrats who act with him desire, is, that 
ail the expenses of the year 1872 and the 
whole deficit for 1871, shall be paid out 
of the taxes of this year. 
This would make 
a high rate of taxation, but the effect would 
be most salutary. It would prevent a dying 
out of the reform feeling, so intense last 
fall, but already showing lamentable signs of 
decay. 
The past neglect and indifference of 
our citizens 
make it proper that they 
should feel the full weight of the yoke 
fastened on their necks by their supineness 
and neglect of public duties. It makes little 
real difference whether payment is exacted 
now or postponed, except that one method 
tends to keep the reform spirit alive, and the 
other to deaden i t 
Last year's deficit is a 
lien upon the property of the city until it is 
paid, 
and there 
is no injustice, but 
only a sense of inconvenience and hardship in 
requiring It to be discharged out of the 
taxes of this year. 
The tax-payers will 
squirm ; but squirming will do them good. 
If the policy of paying all expenses the same 
year they are incurred is adopted and enforced 
as the permanent policy of the city govern-
ment, the grumbling of the people, and the 
politicians' dread of that grumbling, will have 
a wholesome 
restraining effect. 
If the 
ALBANY reformers are in earnest, let them 
give heed to Mr. OTTxarooBfEB and the Ger-
man Democrats of thin city. 
term, or at any other time thereafter, being 
required from either of the high contracting 
parties to the other. 
While perfectly willing 
to fish on the Canadian coasts and equally 
ready to import their produce free the fisher-
men of Cape Cod are averse to an extension 
of j reciprocal 
facilities to the Britisher. 
Hence UUTLEB'H eternal pother and tbe MAS-
SACHUHKTTS effort waking in Congress to sub-
sidize the Cape Oodites by a bounty of the 
Federal Treasury or to "protect" them by 
levying a duty on Canadian fish and oil. The 
latter absolutelv contravening the free trade 
ordained by the treaty the bounty plan will 
probably be the one insisted upon. It 
amounts to robbing tbe rest of the country 
to still further protect protected MASSACHU-
SETTS* 
THE MARKET SAVINGS BANK. 
It was to be expected that the depositors 
who have lost money by the failure of the 
Market Savings hank would be exceedingly 
indignant at the men who have defrauded 
them. 
It will, however, reflect but small 
credit upon their intelligence if they content 
themselves with angry declamation. 
There 
are two ways in which the sufferers can pro-
ceed to secure the punishment of the 
defaulters, and one or both of these ways 
should be tried without delay. 
The immediate reason of the failure of the 
bank was the dishonesty of the secretary. 
He is said to have used the funds of de-
positors in order to speculate in Wall street, 
and to surround himself with the luxuries of 
wealth. He has confessed his unfaithfulness, 
but still has the hardihood to remain in the 
city, trusting for impunity to the fact that 
a defaulting bank officer is rarely punished. 
The District-Attorney's offiee is open daily, 
and there is a grand jury in session ! It is 
the duty of the defrauded depositors to in-
stantly procure the indictment of those who 
have wronged them. The secretary's asso-
ciates in the bank have evidently tried to 
shield him to the extent of their power, and 
he was yesterday engaged with them—if re-
port speaks truly—in an amicable examina-
tion of the accounts of the bank. It is not 
from the directors or trustees that he has 
anything to apprehend. 
The duty of bring-
ing him to the bar of justice lies with those 
whom he has injured. 
However true may be the assertion that the 
president of the bank, WILLIAM VAN NAME, 
has been for. two years cognizant of the 
secretary's mismanagement, and is there-
fore an accomplice with him in the work of 
defrauding those who dealt with the bank, it 
is certain that with his consent and that of 
his official associates the bank received de-
posits up to within a few hours of the an-
nouncement of its failure. 
These men knew 
perfectly well that they were obtaining money 
under false pretences, and that they were 
thus deceiving those whose money they were 
receiving. Are they to be permitted to go 
unpunished ? Men who deposited money in 
this bank on Thursday and Friday of last 
week, when the bank officers knew perfectly 
well the rotten condition of the concern, 
owe it to the community as well as to them-
selves to see that the directors and officers 
who were privy to these frauds should be in-
dicted and punished. 
Delay in proceeding 
against them will not insure a larger per-
centage when the bank comes to pay back a 
part of the depositors' money. 
That matter 
is now out of the control of CONKLIN, VAN 
NAME, and their associates, and no proceed-
ings against them can affect the amount 
which the bank may be able to pay. 
It is time that an example should be made 
of the men who appropriate to themselves 
the hard-earned savings of the poor. 
Their 
prompt and sure punishment would have 
a healthful influence in deterring other un-
principled bank officers from abusing their 
trusts. 
Bank defaulters have been dealt with 
so tenderly heretofore that they have little 
fear of punishment. It is only a few years 
since a leader of the Young Men's Christian 
Association proved a defaulter for a large 
amount. He is now holding a profitable 
office in tbe employ of the association in 
this city, and the mistaken charity of that 
admirable and useful body in thus treating a 
criminal with the respect and confidence due 
only to an honest man may have had its 
effect in leading CONKLIN, who is also a mem-
ber of the Y. M. C. A., to count upon im-
punity in his nefarious course. 
Let the 
men who have defrauded the working-men 
and widows who placed their money in the 
Market Savings Bank be punished. The 
means to do this are at the command of the 
defrauded depositors. To use them promptly 
and vigorously is their immediate duty, and 
it is earnestly to be hoped that they will 
thoroughly fulfil it. 
Under the terms of the treaty of Wash-
ington United States and British fishermen 
are to have reciprocal rights of fishing in any 
sea fisheries on the coasts respectively of 
Canada and the United States norm of Dela-
ware Bay, and fish and fish-oil produce of 
either country are to be reciprocally admitted 
duty free, this free trade and free fishery to 
take effect so soon as the Parliaments of 
Great Britain aad the Dominion and the 
legislature of Prince Edward Island on the 
one hand and the Congrem of the United 
States on the other enact the necessary 
laws to carry them into effect, and are 
to continue 
thereafter 
for the terra of 
tea years certain, and for any length 
of tima beyond Out Great 
Britain aad 
tbe United States may mutually agree, two 
years" dotice at the end of the teo-yeer 
sentenced to be banged, bat i.... »i,i«„,. m 
commuted 
w "i uiiaoujutf'ii in the Alton Pewteatury. Iron which 
n* 
was psrdonod 
sftor 
nino 
mouth*' iuiyrio.ni-
V^Jil . H S "*•, •/•» • £ the oH«ia*4 
L I M I 
or 
yi«ijfr..il,« 
n o * while 
tettnc u 
» P«d«nl 
•PV. He I M much in rebel cejnpe, and hm«iit »nd ww 
woundod in their rank*. He m i captured by Utitou *>4 
li. r» on one occasion, tried as a «|>> aad sentenced to be 
futna-i-d, but oardoued by the President through the iu-
UTI eeaiun of General Hardin*, to whom he had always 
been 
true. 
After the war he was sent to tho 
Mtaaouri penitentiary for (tastting counterfeit mousy, but 
waa uardoned b» the Governor after serving two gSaws. 
Siute i ben he has been Uvtrur in Louisiana and kSSs-
-•i'l" 
By his own story and statements he Is, or has 
been, a most desperate villain, and bat for the ill,« il 
' «n n. r in which he was brought hero would have beuu 
hold. He sttributes bis air-at ' •> some of Qnautrsll'a 
men lmng in Louisiana, who, he says, were afraid Ue 
< Idu.poou thttui, and took this way of getting ril of 
hi is. 
THE INSOLVENT SAVINGS BANKS. 
PERSONAL. 
M. Jean Bartbelemy Arlea-Dnfoor is dead. 
The Queen of Greece has been safely delivered of 
a son. 
Colonel B. F. Washington, editor of the San 
Francisco Exoimner, Is reported to be dying. 
It was John Baldwin Haynott Hog?, of Virginia, 
who was lately appointed Consul-General at Beirut. 
(t it believed that M. Orevy, tbe President of 
the French Assembly, will be chosen vlcc.pregi. 
dent of the French republic Thiers and Orevy. 
William li. Blossom, an old caiifornian, pro-
prietor of the Pantheon, Man Franelico, and who 
established the American saloon at Paris during 
the Exposition, died yesterday morning. 
Very Rev. Herbert Vanghan, D. D., superior of 
St. Joseph*s Apostolic society for Foreign iin-
alom, London, England, who Is in this conntry on 
a mission looking especially to the propagation of 
tbe Catholic religion among the colored people of 
the United States, addressed a large congregation 
at the cathedral lu Cincinnati, Sunday, on the sub-
ject of the Catholfcs of the United states and the 
negroes. 
—> m 
---
A Life of Vlrlrwilmdea. 
ST. 
LoCTS, Mo., January 1». AJa»*nder Manning, 
representing himself to be s Deputy Hhnriff of Carroll 
Pariah. La., and another man giving the name of I.add j , 
ajsgsebetsyMteHsf trmmUm*t»rovld>iMs,ia,, 
havuig 
ficDnoough 
daring the day. Mylog^thSy Jsfjetef IBs 
What " Halter's Sons" Have to Say About the Tennessee 
Bond; —An Attempt at Speculation Foiled—The Cares 
of the Bowling Green and Guardian Institutions for 
Savings. 
The directors of the Market 8avings Bank made 
uo statement yesterday, and uotiiiinj farther has 
iiecu made public concerning the affairs of tiie 
institution. 
Yeeterday afternoon the writer called 
at the office of Henry A. Helaer's Sons, No. 11 
Broad street, for the purpose of obtaining some In-
formation In regard to the iiualueas transactions 
tietween tbia Urm and the bank, which have re-
sulted in lta failure. 
On entering the office busi-
ness appeared to be going on much the same as 
usual, there being uo excitement without ami ap-
parently none within the office. 
Going into the 
inner office tbe reporter met one of the members of 
the firm and asked him if he was wiiiiujt to make 
any statements for publication in regard to his 
iiuaiuess with the Market Savings Bank. 
Mr. Heiser— No, I have nothing to say just now 
more than to deny certain statements which have 
appeared in print, and I have prepared a card to 
send to all the papers in which such assertions 
are made. 
Keporter—Have you uo further statements to 
make? 
Mr. H.—No, nothing further at present. We have 
been advised by our counsel to say nothing about 
the matter at present, lu a few 'lays we s^titUi nave 
a statement ready, when it will be seen that our 
dealings with the Market Savings Bank were per-
fectly business-like and honorable transactions. I 
don't deny that we received a certain amount of 
bonds from the bank for disposal two years ago, but 
our statement will show that it was a perfectly 
square transaction. 
K.—You received these Tennessee bonds, you 
say. What securities, and to what amount, did 
you give for them on iheir disposal? 
Mr. H.- I am uot prepared to answer that ques-
tion now. Our counsel says the least said about the 
matter the better until we are prepared to make our 
statement, which will show that our business has 
been done in a perfectly straightforward manner. 
N K W 
YORK, January 22. 1873. 
To our Friends and the Public : 
We wuth it to be understood that we most emphatically 
deny the statement made in tbe different city uapers in 
relation to our connection with the transaction* ol the 
officers of ihe Market Savings Bank. 
A full expose of all 
of our transactions with tbe officers of that bank will 
necessarily be made public at the proper time. 
HF.NHV A. H E I B E B ' 8 S O N S . 
A OKOUNDLESS HtTMOK. 
Taking advantage of the uneasiness that has been 
created by the recent bank failures, some financial 
ghoul yesterday started a rumor of the failure of a 
banking Institution for the purpose of speculating 
on iti-i stock. But fortunately he selected for his 
operations a bank whose strength was so well as-
sured and so well known that no one was deceived 
by his canard. Messengers were on the first rumor 
sent from Wall street to see whether a run was 
going on at the bank, and at once detected the 
falsehood. Later in the day our reporter visited 
the institution and found but tew persons in the 
bank, all of whom were making deposits, 
TBK BOWI.INii ORKBN BANK. 
Among the banks against which suits in bank-
ruptcy have been brought, a petition to have the 
Bowling Green Savings Bank adjudicated Involun-
tary bankrupts was made yesterday In the United 
States District Court in Bankruptcy by Aaron May, 
and by this permits its creditors to each obtain a 
pro rata share of l u assets without the delay that 
a receiver wonld make In writing up the accounts 
of the bank. 
Mr. May In his petition states that he 
deposited (9,136 In the bank; that the bank In its 
mode of stopping payment committed an act of 
bankruptcy within the meaning of the Bankruptcy 
act. and that it permitted its property to be taken 
on legal process with intent to defeat and delay the 
operations of the Bankruptcy act. 
Judge Blatchford granted an order for the bank 
to show cause why It should not be adjudicated an 
involuntary bankrupt, making the order returnable 
on the 3d proximo. 
THR GUARDIAN SAVINGS BANK. 
Walter Roche, vice-president, has given a deed 
to Jeremiah Quinlan, Joseph G*. Donohue, Matthew 
T. Brennan, Francis Hlgglns, Henry McCadden. 
Jr., Gratis Nathan, and James H. Coleman, ot 
property valued at $847, ooo, t o meet tbe demands of 
depositors, but securing In tbe first place the gen-
tlemen just named, by giving them the preference. 
Mr. Donohue Is trustee for fuo.ooo the fund of the 
Foundling Asylum. 
It la stated that all depositors 
will be paid 100 cents on the dollar In a few days, 
and Mr. Quinlan, the receiver, will shortly begin to 
make payment. 
Mr. WeevesE. Selmes, secretary of the Bowling 
Green Savings Bank, has given a deed absolutely to 
the bank, its receiver or legal representative, of 
property valued (deducting mortgage) at 1200, ooo, 
to secure the depositors. 
Mr. Walter Roche is also 
vice president of the Bowling Green Bank. 
and threw biUeis of wood oat of Iks wBsdyw. f W 
•eeniid to run all over tho roof of the bos. "•'! a s r i f . f 
thesuloa; until at last the crowd made a rnau. and (few 
duora wev« down in a twuikliug, there ASA U» °**"» 
still bound, trembling, with the glasses suakJaglatMar 
haada, while the sptrits rumblad away with a toad SpSS 
BERGM WITHDRAWS FROM THE CONTEST. 
An Explanatory Letter from the Great PhMowoiit—He 
States His Lesal Reasons for Ht* Course in Regard to 
Pigeon Shooting—No Disrespect to the Spertsmea In-
tended. 
To thr Mitor of The World. 
hiH In the discharge of tbe onerous public US SIS 
which for many years I have voluntarily tmpoaad on aajr-
self, namely, the protection of unoSendinf dumb antwls 
from cruelty, it baa not nntreqnentlv been rojr inlsfortMaw 
to nu ui the censure of those whose good-will I value to 
all rankfl of life. The sum total of ridicule, abuse, aad 
opposition in every form whieh I have been compelled <* 
bear while performing what seems to me a simple ohihra 
i .mi of duty, win II quietly reviewed by me eaoites woadar 
at my own endurance, and I frankly confess haa 
-Kiuictiim-* even raised the irreverent doubt in aur 
mind whether the practice of evil be attended wish 
greater personal suffering than the doing of good. Bty 
recent action under the authority of toe society over 
which I preside relative to pigeon matches was under-
taken in strict accordance, as Ibelieve, with the chartered 
rights and requisitions thereof, aa aet forth in the sub 
joined language of the statutes, to wit -' 'That every person 
that shall needlessly mutilate or kill any living creator* 
shall be gouty of a misdemeanor." Feeling assured that 
the gentlemen who shut those pigeons did It so far as toes-
are conoerued of no necessity lor food nor rat for profit. 
1 auurnit tli.ii 1 had reasonable cause for bell-.f that it was 
in tho languageof the act, "unnecessarily and needlessly" 
done. Again I felt myself sustsined by the statute, which 
reads thus: "All wagers, bets, or stakes made to depend 
upon any gaming by lot or chanoe, or upon any lot 
chance, casually or unknown or contingent event what-
ever, shsll be unlawful." Now on each of the occasions 
wltere I ventured to Interfere there was an object or 
amuunt depending, as was publicly announced, in oia 
cane amounting to the important sum of $S,0W. I again 
submit to all fair-minded persons that there existed law 
and reason for interference. 
Again, it Is usual to otto 
the precedents of Rnglish law and authority, and it is not 
long since that a London magistrate imposed a tine of 
£60 on some gentlemen for shooting pigeons under sim-
ilar circumstances, thereby, at least aa It appears, com-
pelling the marksmen to retire to private and secluded 
quarters to carry on their "sport;" and furthermore, 
the Koyal Society of that country, as I am informed, baa 
under advisement additional actum In the same direction. 
Now I do not offer this explanation in the sense of aa 
apology for what I have done; that wonld be an insult to 
my conscience 
My only purpose is to manifest my reapeot 
for law and public sentiment by showing tbe legal ground 
of my feelings; nor, permit me to add, was it necessary to 
institute a pigeon match in defiance of Mr. Reran, for 
in all he does he is but the unrequited servant aud agent 
of the people, as is expressed in these laws, without 
which authority he is one of the most helpless of man. 
Bnt enough ; the Hon. Judge Barnard, of the Snprsmn 
Court, as announced by the press, restrains by injunction 
our interference, and 1 have been assured by one of tho 
most learned ana honorable of our city judges, that whilo 
be acknowledges the excellence of the motive* and share* 
the feeling which underlies the society's efforts in pro-
tecting the harmless brute, nevertheless, it is his opinion 
that these laws cannot be carried out to the extent de-
sired, and that, in bis opinion, be, on consultation with 
nmiiy of his colleagues on the bench, is fully sustained, 
it is therefore idle for this society longer to dispute tho 
point at risk of further embittering public sentiment, 
without tbe remotest hope of effecting its humane object. 
I have pursosely, as may be seen, avoided ail reference to 
the moral aspects of the subject for obvious reasons. 
Finally, there but remains for the undersigned in tho 
j-resent phase of the question to assure Mr. Bennett and 
the other gentlemen associated with him who felt them-
selves aggrieved, that the action whioh has brought, 
down on the writer's head such severe condemnation, baa 
not its foundation in any personal disrespect of him or 
them; 
but in the conviction that it was his oSl-
cial and conscientious duty to got as he has done. 
Ihe society snd he still cherish the hope that gentlemen 
will yet regard tbe subject aa they do, and in harmony 
with the resolution just published in the New York 
IWIH,J I'ost of tbe Pennsylvania Bloomgrove 
Park 
Sportsman's Association, to wit: 
"Resolved, That this association discontinue gambling 
of any kind, or trap-shooting for money, and all.modes of 
taking game not recognised by the laws of gent s u e s 
sportsmen for civilised nations." 
I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant, 
IbMii BKKOH, President. 
HEPWORTH'S NEW CHURCH. 
A large audience assembled at Association Hall but 
evening to listen to tbe Rev. Mr. Hepworth, who was to 
take the first steps in the organization of his new church 
that is to be. After statins the creed and basis on which 
tbe proposed church is to be built, he said that he did not 
Jimpose to do anything further at the meeting last even-
ng than to merely collect the names of those present 
who were in sympathy with his movement, in order that 
he might call upon them and form a society out of their 
number. Then at soma future meeting at Steinway Hall, 
notice of • 
meeting to form a regular church 
society would be given. Slips of paper were then dis-
tributed among the audience, and while they were being 
signed the Rev. Mr. Angier, of the Fourth Presbyterian 
(Jhurch of Boston, 
was introduced 
to the au-
dience, and spoke 
briefly, 
bidding Mr. Hepworth 
'' Gad speed" in hi* new departure. 
After the 
names 
had been 
collected 
Mr. Hepworth 
said 
there were too many to count them, bat they would 
ail be placed upon his book, and after singing the Dox-
oloary the audience was dismissed with the benediction. 
As Mr, Hepworth was leaving tbe hall he remarked to 
the writer that 160 families Waa not a very poor start to 
make, Intimating that no leas a number of names than 
that had been handed In. 
WAITING FOR THE GRAN0 JURY. 
Throughout yesterday vague rumor* were afloat in and 
around the City Hall In relation to the work tbe General 
sessions Grand Jury had in hand. II wa* confidently 
expected that they would appear ha court during the day 
and present Indictment* agalrst several of the ring, but 
np till the hour of closing the Court-house no such action 
had been taken. 
This expectation doubtlessly sprang 
trom the fact of several 
leading 
bankers hav 
ing been teen hi the Grand Jury ante-room for thi 
purpose of giving evidence regarding the sums of mono' 
deposited with them while the ring fraud* ware being car-
ried on. 
Sheriff Brennan waited at his office until 4 
o'clock, but no warrant being deposited with him, he left 
in rather a disconsolate mood, 
warden Tracy, from 
Ludlow street prison, wa* on hand, evidently witn a view 
to ascertaining whether he should be required to prepare 
lodgings for unexpeeted guests, but he too discovered 
that his informstlon was somewhat premature, so re-
turned home in the full expectation of extending the hos-
pitaluiesof tbe hotel to several new lodger* whose ar-
rival will doubtless take place to-night. 
A NEW SENSATION. 
Mr. Bjrmim. through his distant agents, has on hand 
an attraction of so extraordinary a nature, that should be 
succeed the public curiosity will be much excited. 
Four 
Cannibals (three men and one woman) from Kurantu. of 
the Cannibal Islands, captive* in war and, according to 
tbe laws of cannibal warfare, doomed to death, 
have, 
through a Urge sum of money and bonds for their return, 
been reprieved for three years. 
Documentary and offi-
cial evidence, sufficient to remove every reasonable doubt, 
will be scoured before the heavy cost will be Incurred. 
The King of the islands, IJiakomhau, 
though refusing 
permanent reprieve, has been^emptod by the gold and the 
bonds for their return. 
Of course the bonds will be for-
feited and paid if the cannibals once reach oivikzed 
bind. 
TELEGRAPH 
NOTES. 
The French National Assembly having voted against 
imposing a tax upon raw materials, the termination of taw 
commercial treaties is now improbable. 
Tho best authorities In agricultural matters estimate 
the coming wbest crop of California at twelve miliums of 
sacks, worth, at the lowest estimate, 834,000,000 on the 
ground. 
A man named Bristol, from California, going to St. 
Clair, was found to a saloon-car attached to the (rata 
leaving Philadelphia at 8 SO yesterday afternoon, above 
Slioemakersville station, with his throat cut. H* died ea 
the train, and is lying at tbe freight depot in Hamburg. 
In Columbia, Pa., Edward Dyce was brutally assaulted 
yesterday afternoon by Jerome Long and Lawrenco 
Hatch. They mangled hi* head by beating him with a 
large stone. Dyce is insensible and Is not expected to 
live. Warrant* have been issued for the arrest of his as-
sail* rite. 
the 
Trenton B a n k Kobbarr. 
TBFNTON, January 23. Excitement con tin iws at Tren-
ton in regard to tbe bank robbery. Thus far thirteen 
boxes have been discovered rifled, which had contained 
about BIO, 000 |n bonds. 
A few thousand 
dollar* 
of coupons of New Jersey State sixes and several bond*, 
which were redeemable tbe 1st of January, 1873, and 
paid 
by the bank, 
were 
stolen. 
The coupon* 
were 
cancelled 
by having • 
small 
round 
bole 
Bunched in them. 
Rev. Father Smith lost §7.000, 
I bond*, and Ambrose English 11,600 in Midland 
Railroad bond*. A bag of B400 in gold belonging to the 
bank wa* taken. The burglar* had rented a house the 
second door from the bank, and had 3>een working mat-
ters up for nineteen days. Just before the discovery two 
fights were gotten np near the bank to distract the atten-
tion of the police. The aggregate low is not supposed to 
exceed §10,000. 
PHILADKLPBTA, P»., January XI. —Early thin morntnr 
two men who were driving furiously in a baggy leaped 
out and disappeared at the corner of Seventh and Ms iter 
street*. Under the seat was found a powder flask. The 
buggy ha* the mark of a Trenton coach-maker, whioh 
leads to the belief that the men were the Trenton bank-
robbers. No trace of the men ha* been discovered. 
A Revolution fn dan Csurriavvea. 
FOBTBEM MONROE, V S . , January 30.-ThoOrdnance 
Department began some interesting experiment* to-day 
which, if successful, will have a tendency to revolutionize 
the present heavy style of gun-carriages. It 1* the inven-
tion of Colonel F. G. Baylor, the commandant. The car-
riage is of heavy wrought iron, similar to those need for 
heavy sea coast gun*. Between Ota chaasi*, and running 
parallel with the chassis, are two air-tight oylinders some 
eight or ten feet long, and about a foot to diameter. To 
the part of the carriage upon whioh the gun rest* is at-
tached two piston rod* which work in the air-tight eyfto-
der. When the gun Is fired the recoil 
of the cylinders, and so great is the rei 
cause that the recoil to comparatively very slight. 
. snd take ntm, 
. any acrtbanttoatad psfmrs, Chief Mr I tnnnngh 
snmethlng wrung and visited the prisoner and 
ierlff of Atchison f;onnty to 
»t*d papers, 
ind hrrs *bartiaronsly Ironed. He ordered "the 
removal 
of the shackles and .heard his story. frotn_ which he (Me-
ters nut 
, 
had been kid 
him to jBa^eap-; 
produced 
properlf 
setesatlreted 
GBfetar H*rrling applied for a writ 
corpus, snd freeman was brought before 
» snd dlsc.srg-d, his raptors failles to 
be w.i arri»*t*.i. TB# 1 
*• 
* 
bekeved 
that the 
C
refused to deliver 
they 
— ^ - 1 — 
i 
nam* i. .1. W. fnrmea, state* that^* waa dntgged m 
l.ak* Prrrrktoae* some ten day* ago. spd when he cam* 
to his senses fVvaad himself on board s stasias* loaded 
down with ^
^
•
l
»
^
»
*
£
*
* 
'? sfWser. 
i f f M B 
> M fflgSBB 4 O W e l •fr*%la*v^aw4avll^ «MavS 
Ia*l|owl 
•**•• 
Brw*Bl*»Bge*WarBl«jg§, 
RAPS' AT COOPER 
INSTITUTE. 
A Great Row Among the Spiritualists—A Furious Crowd 
Assault the Medium and Tear Dawn the Box—Ludicrous 
and Exerting Scenes. 
At the Cooper Institute last evening Dr. B. F. Hatch 
gave what the bill calls a grand exposition of the prin-
ciples involved in spiritual phenomena, employing in hi* 
aid the Thorpe Brothers, who were tied In a dark box, 
while the spirit* played on a drum, a, tambourine, a 
hand-organ. Be. The audience waa of a sceptical mind, 
evidently disposed to consider that the progress of 
Spiritualism had been in near ratio with the improvement 
of tbe art of legerdemain; for they accused the doctor 
of trickery, and finally tore down the doors of the mys-
terious box about the ears of the medium. 
In the first place the Thorpe Brothers gave an exhibi-
tion which was not satisfactory to the audience, who 
couldn't account for It, notwithstanding that on* of the 
"committee" occupied the box with the medium during 
the demonstrations of the spirits. They clamored loudly 
for more, becoming sattsned only when the doctor 
promised a repetition of the wonders after tbe delivery 
of hi* lecture. Even then the quiet was not perfect, and 
the lecturer was frequently 
interrupted by cries of 
••tricks" and "the box" and "ao more lecture." He 
went on, however, until he came, la the coarse of nt* 
namerous anecdote*, to the statement that tbe tendency 
of Spiritualism as it existed wa* to unhinge the door of 
virtue and to break down all marital relations. At this a 
decided voice cried out: 
* * What connection do you propose to show, doctor, be-
tween thee* box-tricks and the breaking down of the 
marital relations ?" 
" I want to know," cried another, jumping up, " if you 
really believe there are sptrH* present to thai box ?" 
" I propose," said the doctor, walking nervously up and 
down, "to come to all that. 1 have only begun my 
lecture." 
" Do you call that a lecture? Give us the tricks." 
" I am of such a nervous temperament," continued the 
doctor, <' that I cannot go on if there t* *ueh a dtatarb-
anc*. I thoughi yon had com* here to listen to my re-
**Wen, go on," cried several, and one votes said, 
'• Hatch it out." 
*' 1 think 1 had reached that point in my lector* where I 
said that Spiritnsiiera tendod to break down the marital 
relation. 1 bebeve that this is true. I believe that 
matrimonial evils prevail in Just the precise proportion in 
which Spiritual id as prevail," 
"You be!" The interrupt* 
tao sud'*nc*-
"ibellev* that what 1 say U the truth. Theory of tho 
Up. ritualist, is damned b* matrimony.'" 
• • Who said thai ? " cried tfta sag** woman. 
"John M. Speer sain it," 
* * What wsttnan I mMfi *** 
" V.atona Wondhnll in a public Ball to this ett*,« 
Raton* of Ha* nature wor* fraauawt during toe cm-
ttoesuus of the leetnre. and when H was at l*ai otev «h« 
crowd lisssjiiil aaotaor eshiMUa* of the " 
Brother*. This was relnetei 
pulls the rod* out 
mistance from tola 
i interruption eame from a woman In 
Hi pairing Fort* Saunter and Irfonltrle. 
CHARLESTON, 8. C , January SB. -The irevt this morn, 
ing annoi nces that the work :of putting Fort* Sumter 
and Moultrie in a defensible condition will begin Im-
mediately. Contractors will commenoe the mounting of 
forty heavy guns to-day. Fort Pulaski, below Savannah, 
is also to be strengthened with extensive earthworks and 
guns of great calibre. Captain Renahaw, who ha* bean 
here on leave of absence, has been ordered at onoe t* 
command the steamer Wooaack, of toe South Atlantic 
squadron. The New* attribute* these movement* to ap-
prehensions of trouble with Spain. 
No Maine L a w for Irftasonri. 
ST. 
Lords. Mo., January 3J.— The Temperance bill 
now before the Legislature, which cloaelv resembles those 
passed in Ohio and Illinois, making saloon keepers aad 
owner* of property rented to liquor dealers liable for an* 
damage done by person* to whom liquor is Mid, is meet-
ing with determined opposition. In various parte of tao 
£t*te meetings are being held and lengthy petition* pre-
pared for presentation to tho Legislature, strongly pro-
testing sgainst its passage. It la expected that Gover-
nor Brown will veto the Joint resolution passed last 
week, directing that maturing State bonds be paid to 
currency. 
Mr*. O'Leaury 
Exculpated. 
The Mayor of Chicago haa received the following; 
communication: 
KAN KKANTISCO, December 37, 1871.- Mr. Medlil It 
wan me that set Mrs. Leary's barn on fire and my old man 
gave me tlO for doing It I sot the Hay on f " 
' 
Run. 
As I Run out I met a man I thought 
me if he had it would have been the last of him. 
von this to clear Mrs. Leary of tbe charge of a 
to setting hsr b*rn on fire with a lamp, and am 
so much harm was done bnt I don't care I tike to make a 
big note* Bye and bye I will give you some of the particu-
iars but now I have no time Tout* Bo 
at 
The Japanese Prtaceoaea a n d Taaamr Colleer*. 
PouoHlKEPsnc, H. Y.. January S3.-A letter from tao 
Secretary of the Japanese legation to the anthorltto* of 
Vassar College here request* the privilege of visiting 
t hat Institution in company with the Japanese Rmnaaay. 
The totter say* nothing about leaving any of thejapsnasn 
princesses there for -durational purposes, nor haa tho 
president of the college received any information to that 
effect. 
Poor Thenaand Hollar* for Itrearh o f 
lae. 
KrtoxvrLLK, Tenn., January M. In the case of Mr*. 
C. M. Putnam, of Washington, D. C , v*. Willi*** B. 
Uavi*. of Tennsssss, *n Indian Agent node* the Jooa -
-on administration, for a breach of marriage ooatraat, 
the Jury, after an absence of thirty mine tea, istuinad a 
verdict In favor of the plataUif for B4,«0*. 
Rlorksule on thr I alow Parlflr Railroad. 
OMAHA. Web., January ft—Beport* from 
line of the Union Pacific Railroad wore tWsolVL 
day, announcing that the road was blocked by 
tween Cheyenne and Laramie, and Loraaxto and 
-vt. 'umtr'hVa-
with water la tl 
H e Buffalo OmmereUl 
(Ratmbllcan). say* of the 
Aroneaty Mil panned by the lfrmae of Bepwaanla 
WIT©! • 
It Is undentohle that treason a 
to* part of the** who a 
tret under the asaiial 
s very serVm. uttosaVaa WBIlBII It Is 
tsh men for their ttsesno at that tame 
•jm appe«r*d more frsqwse* est 
holding position* of honor aoa 
But, after all._tt_la 
it* 
or rather JnJCSr 
for a display of ejemcnci and far-
BRggaw B**vB'SgnEW*Br *-**• a 
paawBarBr Wf^atw aajmsm wawg». 
* - * 
• 
Thomas M. Tryniski 
309 South 4th Street 
Fulton New York 13069 
www.fultonhistory.com
