REF ID:A69983 





424 N. George tfaeon Drive 
Arlington, Virginia 
15 August 1949 



Mr. Alfred Percy 
Sion 1'oad 

Madison Heights, Virginia 

Dear Mr. fercy: . : 

/ 

I must hasten to acknowledge receipt of your most interesting 
letter of 5 August and to indicate my sincere appreciation of your 
taking the trouble to write me in such detail. 

At the moment I am much engrossed with other matters and have 
found it necessary to put off dealing rith The Beale Papers. How- 
ever, I do not intend by any means to drop the study which I initiated 
on them sometime ago. Should I have soon an opportunity to make a 
visit in your neighborhood, I hope that it will include the making 
of your personal acquaintance and discussing the matter over a dinner 
table at which I trust that you would be sufficiently gracious to be 
my guest. 

Thanking you again for your courtesy, I am 

Sincerely yours. 



WILLIAM F. FRIEDMAN 



/ I 



Approved for Release bv MSA on 04-02-2014 pursuant to E.Q. 13529 





REF ID: A699 && 







424 R. George liason Drive 
Arlington/ Virginia 
16 June 1949 



iVIrs. .artha Rivers Adams 
c/o The News 
Lynchburg, Virginia 

Dear Krs. Adams: 

I sent a, letter addressed to Ur. Alfred Percy, Jr. , at Elon, 
N.C., and then on its return by the post office I sent it to 
Elon, Va. The latter has also been returned and I, therefore, 
am writing to ask you if you cannot give me a more complete 
address so that I might reach Ur. Percy and ask him a few 
questions. 

I am enclosing a self-addressed stamped envelope for your 
convenience in replying. 

With cordial greetings, I am 

Sincerely yours, 

. Y7ILLIAM F. FRIFDfdAN 

Incl 




REF ID:A69%|$ 




ttareh 23, 1943 



Hr, Walter 3, Payne 
The Todd Company 

Rochester, How York . 

Dear Hr, Payne: 

I hopo you will forgive ry tardinoss in replying to your 
letter of 1'arch 11. 1 know tliat you will understand how 

pressed we aro, 

I recall quite well that you had proposed a simple 
cryptographic device at tho time of my contact with the 
Todd Company in 1937, 

I.Iy first impression with regard to tho possible 
utility of a device such as you desorlbe is that it would 
probably not bo useful because of its comparative slownoss 
of operation. Iloroovor, I very touch doubt that it presents 
elements of novelty in tho field. However in ordor to insure 
that wo do not overlook anything tliat might be useful, I 
suggest that you send the model for examination and we will 
be glad to make a recommendation. I believe it would be 
best if you would address tho letter and package officially 
to the Commanding Officer, Signal Socurity Service, Arlington 
Ball Station, Arlington, Virginia. Upon its receipt and 
thorough examination you will be promptly informed of our 
conclusions. 

With cordial greetings to you and your associates, 1 am 

Sincerely yours. 



\ 



William F. Friodman 
Direotor of Communications 
Research 



REF ID : A6998; 



THE TODD COMPANY 



ROCHESTER v NEW YORK 

March 11, 1943 



Col. William F. Friedman 
3932 Military Road 
Washington, D. C. 

Dear Col. Friedman: 

Perhaps you will recall that during your visit to Rochester in 
October 1937, when you presented your plans for a check sorting 
machine, you met the writer of this letter, and showed a crypto- 
graphic device on which you had applied for patent. On October 
13, 1938 this patent was issued, bearing No. 2,144,204. 

This cryptographic device showed two gears of unequal diameters, 
having arranged around their circumferences letters and cor- 
responding symbols. 

Shortly after you were here, I conceived the idea of running two 
photographic film tapes over sprockets arranged side by side on 
the same shaft so that in coding a message, letters were selected 
on one tape and corresponding symbols on the adjacent tape were 
selected to make the code. It is obvious in this arrangement that 
the letters on the second tape could be scrambled in an endless 
sequence by making the tapes of a sufficient length. 

During the early part of last year, a War Research Committee was 
formed in the Rochester Chamber of Commerce, of which committee 
I became a member. 

It has occurred to me that a simple cryptographic device might 
be of use in the communicat ion?- organizations of the Army and Navy. 
I have made a model, elaborating somewhat on my original plan, 
which I should be pleased to forward to you in order to get your 
opinion on its practicability. 

This model embodies four 16 mm. film sprockets fixed side by side 
on a shaft and adapted to carry four film strips. Each film strip 
carries a group of letters of the alphabet as shown in the ac- 
companying sketch. In this particular instance, each group con- 
sists of five letters. Consequently, the number of permutations 
of each letter group could be 120; and with the four tapes the 
possible permutations would be 120^ or 2.07 x 10 8 * 




PROTOD'CKEENII AC unci St PFR-SAFETY CHECKS • V H K ABC St STEM • BANK SI PPL1FS • PR O T ECTOC K A I'll S • CHECK S 1 V. \ h K S 





REF ID : A6 9 983 ^ 

Th't iuuu CJUMPAIW 



Col, William F. Friedman -2-2 



Mar oh 11, 1943 



The rows running across the four films can be brought into registrat- 
ion with two stationary series of letters comprising the alphabet, 
figures from 0 to 9, and a few punctuation marks. The stationary 
letters, forty in all, may be divided into groups of five each and 
the eight groups can be arranged in factorial 8 different ways 
amounting to 40,320. With the film tapes set in proper registration 
according to a known code number, and the stationary alphabet groups 
also arranged according to a known code number, it would be possible 
to obtain a very large number of settings which would be almost im- 
possible to find by trial unless one could guess correctly certain 
words in the message. This would be quite a remote contingency. 

Inasmuch as the device which prompted this investigation was shown 
me by you, I think it proper to take the matter up with you before 
submitting it to the War Research Committee for their consideration. 

I should consider it a favor if you would give me your frank judgment 
on the merits of this device, and if you think that it is a waste of 
time to put further effort on it, please do not hesitate to so advise 
me. The model I have made, while it is quite crude, operates well 
and you could tell by an inspection of same whether there are any 
possibilities for a device of this nature, 

I have shown this model to Mr. Walter Todd and he advised me to take 
the matter up with you, which I am pleased to do as I rely implicitly 
on your judgment. 

Very truly yours 

Chief Designer ' 

Walter B. Payne 
MB 



^ ^REF ID : A69983 Q. ^ 

TH* TODD COMPAm 

Inter-Office Correspondence 



"?w// £?<« 



TO DATE FROM OFFICE 

AT 

ATTENTION OF -■ ” SUBJECT 

1 ■ 

ANSWERING YOURS OF DICTATED BY 

I." 

EVERY INTEROFFICE LETTER MUST HAVE A SUBJECT. WRITE OF ONLY ONE SUBJECT IN THIS LETTER. 



NO faAt I fTATiON OR SIGNATURE IS NECESSARY OR DESIRED. 




^ y ■ ; nm - i yn l ■ ■ ^ — — I ■■ M , - . ' 

f 7 f to in a ussmpG Pot sahg as /a skeftbh 











