title: Curiosity (part 1 of 6)
author: Charles Sprague
date: c. 1820-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/writingsofcharles00sprarich (Writings of Charles Sprague, now first collected, New York, 1841; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 133
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Delivered before the Phi Beta Kappa Society of Harvard University. 1829.
IT came from Heaven — its power archangels knew
When this fair globe first rounded to their view;
When the young sun revealed the glorious scene
Where oceans gathered and where lands grew green;
When the dead dust in joyful myriads swarmed,
And man, the clod, with God's own breath was warmed.
It reigned in Eden — when that man first woke,
Its kindling influence from his eye-balls spoke;
No roving childhood, no exploring youth
Led him along, till wonder chilled to truth;
Full-formed at once, his subject world he trod,
And gazed upon the labors of his God;
On all, by turns, his chartered glance was cast,
While each pleased best as each appeared the last;
But when She came, in nature's blameless pride,
Bone of his bone, his Heaven-anointed bride,
All meaner objects faded from his sight,
And sense turned giddy with the new delight;

Those charmed his eye, but this entranced his soul,
Another self, queen- wonder of the whole!
Rapt at the view, in ecstasy he stood,
And, like his Maker, saw that all was good.
It reigned in Eden — in that heavy hour
When the arch-tempter sought our mother's bower,
Its thrilling charm her yielding heart assailed,
And even o'er dread Jehovah's word prevailed.
There the fair tree in fatal beauty grew,
And hung its mystic apples to her view:
" Eat," breathed the fiend beneath his serpent guise,
" Ye shall know all things; gather, and be wise! "
Sweet on her ear the wily falsehood stole,
And roused the Ruling Passion of her soul.
"Ye shall become like God," — transcendent fate!
That God's command forgot, she plucked and ate;
Ate, and her partner lured to share the crime,
Whose woe, the legend saith, must live through time.
For this they shrank before the Avenger's face;
For this He drove them from the sacred place;
For this came down the universal lot,
To weep, to wander, die, and be forgot.
It came from Heaven — it reigned in Eden's shades-
It roves on earth — and every walk invades;
Childhood and age alike its influence own;
It haunts the beggar's nook, the monarch's throne;
Hangs o'er the cradle, leans above the bier,
Gazed on old Babel's tower — and lingers here.
To all that's lofty, all that's low it turns,
With terror curdles, and with rapture burns;
Now feels a seraph's throb, now less than man's,
A reptile tortures and a planet scans;
Now idly joins in life's poor, passing jars,
Now shakes creation off, and soars beyond the stars.
'Tis CURIOSITY — who hath not felt
Its spirit, and before its altar knelt?
In the pleased infant see its power expand,
When first the coral fills his little hand;
Throned in his mother's lap, it dries each tear,
As her sweet legend falls upon his ear;
Next it assails him in his top's strange hum,
Breathes in his whistle, echoes in his drum;
Each gilded toy, that doting love bestows,
He longs to break and every spring expose.
Placed by your hearth, with what delight he pores
O'er the bright pages of his pictured stores!
How oft he steals upon your graver task,
Of this to tell you, and of that to ask!
And, when the waning hour to-bedward bids,
Though gentle sleep sit waiting on his lids,
How winningly he pleads to gain you o'er,
That he may read one little story more!
Nor yet alone to toys and tales confined,
It sits, dark brooding, o'er his embryo mind:
Take him between your knees, peruse his face,
While all you know, or think you know, you trace;

Tell him who spoke creation into birth,
Arched the broad heavens, and spread the rolling earth,
Who formed a pathway for the obedient sun,
And bade the seasons in their circles run,
Who filled the air, the forest, and the flood,
And gave man all, for comfort, or for food;
Tell him they sprang at God's creating nod —
He stops you short with, " Father, who made God? "
Thus through life's stages may we mark the powei
That masters man in every changing hour.
It tempts him from the blandishments of home,
Mountains to climb, and frozen seas to roam;
By air-blown bubbles buoyed, it bids him rise,
And hang, an atom in the vaulted skies;
Lured by its charm, he sits and learns to trace
The midnight wanderings of the orbs of space;
Boldly he knocks at wisdom's inmost gate,
With nature counsels, and communes with fate;
Below, above, o'er all he dares to rove,
In all finds God, and finds that God all love.
Turn to the world — its curious dwellers view,
Like Paul's Athenians, seeking Something New.
Be it a bonfire's or a city's blaze,
The gibbet's victim, or the nation's gaze,
A female atheist, or a learned dog,
A monstrous pumpkin, or a mammoth hog,
A murder, or a muster, 'tis the same,
Life's follies, glories, griefs, all feed the flame.
Hark, where the martial trumpet fills the air,
How the roused multitude come round to stare!
Sport drops his ball, Toil throws his hammer by,
Thrift breaks a bargain off, to please his eye;
Up fly the windows, even fair mistress cook,
Though dinner burn, must run to take a look.
In the thronged court the ruling passion read,
Where Story dooms, where Wirt and Webster plead;
Yet kindred minds alone their flights shall trace,
The herd press on to see a cut- throat's face.
Around the gallows' foot behold them draw,
When the lost villain answers to the law;
Soft souls, how anxious on his pangs to gloat,
When the vile cord shall tighten round his throat!
And ah! each hard-bought stand to quit how grieved,
As the sad rumor runs — " The man's reprieved! "
See to the church the pious myriads pour,
Squeeze through the aisles, and jostle round the door;
Does Langdon preach? — (I veil his quiet name,
Who serves "his God, and cannot stoop to fame;) —
No, 'tis some reverend mime, the latest rage,
Who thumps the desk, that should have trod the stage;
Cant's veriest ranter crams a house, if new,
When Paul himself, oft heard, would hardly fill a pew.
Lo, where the Stage, the poor, degraded Stage,
Holds its warped mirror to a gaping age;
There, where to raise the drama's moral tone
Fool Harlequin usurps Apollo's throne;
There, where grown children gather round to praise
The new-vamped legends of their nursery days;
