title: Curiosity (part 2 of 6)
author: Charles Sprague
date: c. 1820-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/writingsofcharles00sprarich (Writings of Charles Sprague, now first collected, New York, 1841; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 147
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Where one loose scene shall turn more souls to shame,
Than ten of Channing's lectures can reclaim;
There, where in idiot rapture we adore
The herded vagabonds of every shore;
Women unsexed, who, lost to woman's pride,
The drunkard's stagger ape, the bully's stride;
Pert, lisping girls, who, still in childhood's fetters,
Babble of love, yet barely know their letters;
Neat-jointed mummers, mocking nature's shape,
To prove how nearly man can match an ape;
Vaulters, who, rightly served at home, perchance
Had dangled from the rope on which they dance;
Dwarfs, mimics, jugglers, all that yield content,
Where Sin holds carnival, and Wit keeps lent;
Where, shoals on shoals, the modest million rush,
One sex to laugh, and one to try to blush,
When mincing Ravenot sports tight pantalettes,
And turns fops' heads while turning pirouettes;
There, at each ribald sally, where we hear
The knowing giggle and the scurrile jeer,
While from the intellectual gallery first
Rolls the base plaudit, loudest at the worst.
Gods! who can grace yon desecrated dome,
When he may turn his Shakspeare o'er at home?
Who there can group the pure ones of his race,
To see and hear what bids him veil his face?
Ask ye who can? why, I, and you, and you;
No matter what the nonsense, if 'tis new.
To Doctor Logic's wit our sons give ear;
They have no time for Hamlet, or for Lear;
Our daughters turn from gentle Juliet's woe,
To count the twirls of Almaviva's toe.
Not theirs the blame who furnish forth the treat,
But ours, who throng the board and grossly eat.
We laud, indeed, the virtue-kindling Stage,
And prate of Shakspeare and his deathless page;
But go, announce his best, on Cooper call,
Cooper, 4 the noblest Roman of them all; '
Where are the crowds so wont to choke the door?
'Tis an old thing, they've seen it all before.
Pray Heaven, if yet indeed the Stage must stand,
With guiltless mirth it may delight the land;
Far better else each scenic temple fall,
And one approving silence curtain all.
Despots to shame may yield their rising youth,
But Freedom dwells with purity and truth;
Then make the effort, ye who rule the Stage —
With novel decency surprise the age;
Even Wit, so long forgot, may play its part,
And Nature yet have power to melt the heart;
Perchance the listeners, to their instinct true,
May fancy common sense — 'twere surely Something New.
Turn to the Press — its teeming sheets survey,
Big with the wonders of each passing day;
Births, deaths, and weddings, forgeries, fires, and wrecks,
Harangues and hail-storms, brawls and broken necks;
Where half-fledged bards on feeble pinions seek
An immortality of near a week;

Where cruel eulogists the dead restore,
In maudlin praise to martyr them once more;
Where ruffian slanderers wreak their coward spite,
And need no venomed dagger while they write.
There, (with a quill so noisy and so vain
We almost hear the goose it clothed complain,)
Where each hack scribe, as hate or interest burns,
Toad or toad-eater, stains the page by turns;
Enacts virtu, usurps the critic's chair,
Lauds a mock Guido, or a mouthing player;
Viceroys it o'er the realms of prose and rhyme,
Now puffs pert ' Pelham,' now ' The Course of Time; '
And, though ere Christmas both may be forgot,
Vows this beats Milton, and that Walter Scott;
With Samson's vigor feels his nerves expand,
To overthrow the nobles of the land;
Soils the green garlands that for Otis bloom,
And plants a brier even on Cabot's tomb;
As turn the party coppers, heads or tails,
And now this faction and now that prevails,
Applauds to-day what yesterday he cursed,
Lampoons the wisest, and extols the worst;
While hard to tell, so coarse a daub he lays,
Which sullies most, the slander or the praise.
Yet, sweet or bitter, hence what fountains burst,
While still the more we drink the more we thirst!
Trade hardly deems the busy day begun,
Till his keen eye along the page has run;
The blooming daughter throws her needle by,
And reads her schoolmate's marriage with a sigh;
While the grave mother puts her glasses on,
And gives a tear to some old crony gone;
The preacher, too, his Sunday theme lays down,
To know what last new folly fills the town:
Lively or sad, life's meanest, mightiest things,
The fate of fighting cocks, or fighting kings;
Nought comes amiss, we take the nauseous stuff,
Verjuice or oil, a libel or a puff.
'Tis this sustains that coarse, licentious tribe
Of tenth-rate type-men, gaping for a bribe;
That reptile race, with all that's good at strife,
Who trail their slime through every walk of life;
Stain the white tablet where a great man's name
Stands proudly chiseled by the hand of fame,
Nor round the sacred fireside fear to crawl,
But drop their venom there, and poison all.
'Tis Curiosity — though in its round,
Not one poor dupe the calumny has found,
Still shall it live, and still new slanders breed;
What though we ne'er believe, we buy and read:
Like Scotland's war-cross, thrown from hand to hand,
To rouse the angry passions of the land,
So the black falsehood flies from ear to ear,
While goodness grieves, but, grieving, still must hear.
All are not such? O no; there are, thank Heaven,
A nobler troop to whom this trust is given;
Who, all unbribed, on Freedom's ramparts stand,
Faithful and firm, bright warders of the land.

By them still lifts the Press its arm abroad,
To guide all-curious man along life's road;
To cheer young Genius, Pity's tear to start,
In truth's bold cause to rouse each fearless heart;
O'er male and female quacks to shake the rod,
And scourge the unsexed thing that scorns her God;
To hunt Corruption from his secret den,
And show the monster up, the gaze of wondering men.
How swells my theme! how vain my power, I find,
To track the windings of the curious mind!
Let aught be hid, though useless, nothing boots,
Straightway it must be plucked up by the roots.
How oft we lay the volume down to ask
Of him, the victim in the Iron Mask!
The crusted medal rub with painful care,
To spell the legend out — that is not there!
With dubious gaze o'er mossgrown tombstones bend
To find a name — the herald never penned!
Dig through the lava-deluged city's breast,
Learn all we can, and wisely guess the rest!
Ancient or modern, sacred or profane,
All must be known, and all obscure made plain;
If 'twas a pippin tempted Eve to sin,
If glorious Byron drugged his muse with gin;
If Troy e'er stood, if Shakspeare stole a deer,
If Israel's missing tribes found refuge here;
If like a villain Captain Henry lied,
If like a martyr Captain Morgan died.
Its aim oft idle, lovely in its end,
We turn to look, then linger to befriend;
The maid of Egypt thus was led to save
