title: Curiosity (part 4 of 6)
author: Charles Sprague
date: c. 1820-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/writingsofcharles00sprarich (Writings of Charles Sprague, now first collected, New York, 1841; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 147
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

There would you drink each drowning seaman's cry,
As wild to Heaven he cast his frantic eye;
Though vain all aid, though pity's blood ran cold,
The mortal havoc ye would dare behold;
Still Curiosity would wait and weep,
Till all sank down to slumber in the deep.
Nor yet appeased the spirit's restless glow,
Ye would explore the gloomy waste below;
There, where the joyful sunbeams never fell,
Where ocean's unrecorded monsters dwell;
Where sleep earth's precious things, her rifled gold,
Bones bleached by ages, bodies hardly cold,
Of those who bowed to fate in every form,
By battle -strife, by pirate, or by storm;
The sailor-chief, who freedom's foes defied,
Wrapped in the sacred flag for which he died;
The wretch, thrown over to the midnight foam,
Stabbed in his blessed dreams of love and home;
The mother, with her fleshless arms still clasped
Round the scared infant that in death she grasped; —
On these, and sights like these, ye long to gaze,
The mournful trophies of uncounted days;
All that the miser deep has brooded o'er,
Since its first billow rolled to find a shore.
Once more the Press — not that which daily flings
Its fleeting ray across life's fleeting things —
See tomes on tomes of fancy and of power,
To cheer man's heaviest, warm his holiest hour.
Now Fiction's groves we tread, where young Romance
Laps the glad senses in her sweetest trance;
Now through earth's cold, unpeopled realms we range,
And mark each rolling century's awful change;
Turn back the tide of ages to its head,
And hoard the wisdom of the honored dead.
'Twas heaven to lounge upon a couch, said Gray,
And read new novels through a rainy day.
Add but the Spanish weed, the bard was right;
'Tis heaven, the upper heaven of calm delight,
The world forgot, to sit at ease reclined,
While round one's head the smoky perfumes wind,
Firm in one hand the ivory folder grasped,
Scott's uncut latest by the other clasped,
'Tis heaven, the glowing, graphic page to turn,
And feel within the ruling passion burn;
Now through the dingles of his own bleak isle,
And now through lands that wear a sunnier smile,
To follow him, that all-creative one,
Who never found a " brother near his throne."
Look now, directed by yon candle's blaze,
Where the false shutter half its trust betrays —
Mark that fair girl reclining in her bed,
Its curtain round her polished shoulders spread.
Dark midnight reigns, the storm is up in power;
What keeps her waking in that dreary hour?
See where the volume on her pillow lies —
Claims RadclhTe or Chapone those frequent sighs?

'Tis some wild legend — now her kind eye fills,
And now cold terror every fibre chills;
Still she reads on — in Fiction's labyrinth lost,
Of tyrant fathers, and of true love crossed;
Of clanking fetters, low, mysterious groans,
Blood-crusted daggers, and uncoffined bones,
Pale, gliding ghosts, with fingers dropping gore,
And blue flames dancing round a dungeon door; —
Still she reads on — even though to read she fears,
And in each key-hole moan strange voices hears,
While every shadow that withdraws her look,
Glares in her face, the goblin of her book;
Still o'er the leaves her craving eye is cast,
On all she feasts, yet hungers for the last;
Counts what remain, now sighs there are no more,
And now even those half tempted to skip o'er;
At length, the bad all killed, the good all pleased,
Her thirsting Curiosity appeased,
She shuts the dear, dear book, that made her weep,
Puts out her light, and turns away to sleep.
Her bright, her bloody records to unroll,
See History come, and wake the inquiring soul.
How bounds the bosom at each wondrous deed
Of those who founded, and of those who freed;
The good, the valiant of our own loved clime,
Whose names shall brighten through the clouds of time!
How rapt we linger o'er the volumed lore
That tracks the glories of each distant shore!
In all their grandeur and in all their gloom,
The throned, the thralled, rise dimly from the tomb;
Chiefs, sages, bards, the giants of their race,
Earth's monarch men, her greatness and her grace.
Warmed as we read, the penman's page we spurn,
And to each near, each far arena turn;
Here, where the Pilgrim's altar first was built,
Here, where the patriot's life-blood first was spilt;
There, where new empires spread along each spot
Where old ones flourished but to be forgot,
Or, direr judgment, spared to fill a page,
And with their errors warn an after age.
And where is he, upon that Rock can stand,
Nor with their firmness feel his heart expand,
Who a new empire planted where they trod,
And gave it to their children and their God?
Who yon immortal mountain-shrine hath pressed,
With saintlier relics stored than priest e'er blessed,
But felt each grateful pulse more warmly glow,
In voiceless reverence for the dead below?
Who, too, by Curiosity led on,
To tread the shores of kingdoms come and gone,
Where Faith her martyrs to the fagot led,
Where Freedom's champions on the scaffold bled,
Where ancient Power, though stripped of ancient fame,
Curbed, but not crushed, still lives for guilt and shame,
But prouder, happier, turns on home to gaze,
And thanks his God who gave him better days?

Undraw yon curtain, look within that room,
Where all is splendor, yet where all is gloom.
Why weeps that mother? Why, in pensive mood,
Group noiseless round, that little, lovely brood?
The battledoor is still, laid by each book,
And the harp slumbers in its customed nook.
Who hath done this? What cold, unpitying foe
Hath made this house the dwelling-place of woe?
Tis he, the husband, father, lost in care
O'er that sweet fellow in his cradle there.
The gallant bark that rides by yonder strand,
Bears him to-morrow from his native land.
Why turns he, half unwilling, from his home,
To tempt the ocean, and the earth to roam?
Wealth he can boast a miser's sigh would hush,
And health is laughing in that ruddy blush;
Friends spring to greet him, and he has no foe —
So honored and so blessed, what bids him go? —
His eye must see, his foot each spot must tread,
Where sleeps the dust of earth's recorded dead;
Where rise the monuments of ancient time,
Pillar and pyramid in age sublime;
Tlie pagan's temple and the churchman's tower,
War's bloodiest plain and wisdom's greenest bower;
All that his wonder woke in school-boy themes,
All that his fancy fired in youthful dreams.
Where Socrates once taught he thirsts to stray,
Where Homer poured his everlasting lay;
From Virgil's tomb he longs to pluck one flower,
By Avon's stream to live one moonlight hour;
To pause "where England " garners up " her great,
And drop a patriot's tear to Milton's fate.
Fame's living masters, too, he must behold,
Whose deeds shall blazon with the best of old;
Nations compare, their laws and customs scan,
