title: To My Cigar
author: Charles Sprague
date: c. 1820-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/writingsofcharles00sprarich (Writings of Charles Sprague, now first collected, New York, 1841; OCR text)
form: iambic tetrameter
lines: 104
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

YES, social friend, I love thee well,
In learned doctors' spite;
Thy clouds all other clouds dispel,
And lap me in delight.
What though they tell, with phizzes long,
My years are sooner passed?
I would reply, with reason strong,
They're sweeter while they last.
And oft, mild friend, to me thou art
A monitor, though still;
Thou speak'st a lesson to my heart
Beyond the preacher's skill.
Thou'rt like the man of worth, who gives
To goodness every day,
The odor of whose virtues lives
When he has passed away.
When in the lonely evening hour,
Attended but by thee,
O'er history's varied page I pore,
Man's fate in thine I see.

Oft as thy snowy column grows,
Then breaks and falls away,
I trace how mighty realms thus rose,
Thus tumbled to decay.
Awhile like thee earth's masters burn,
And smoke and fume around,
And then like thee to ashes turn,
And mingle with the ground.
Life's but a leaf adroitly rolled,
And time's the wasting breath,
That late or early, we behold,
Gives all to dusty death.
From beggar's frieze to monarch's robe,
One common doom is passed;
Sweet nature's works, the swelling globe,
Must all burn out at last.
And what is he who smokes thee now? —
A little moving heap,
That soon like thee to fate must bow,
With thee in dust must sleep.
But though thy ashes downward go,
Thy essence rolls on high;
Thus, when my body must lie low,
My soul shall cleave the sky.

O, IT is life! departed days
Fling back their brightness while I gaze —
'Tis Emma's self — this brow so fair,
Half curtained in this glossy hair,
These eyes, the very home of love,
The dark twin arches traced above,
These red-ripe lips that almost speak,
The fainter blush of this pure cheek,
The rose and lily's beauteous strife —
It is — ah no! — 'tis all but life.
'Tis all but life — art could not save
Thy graces, Emma, from the grave;
Thy cheek is pale, thy smile is past,
Thy love-lit eyes have looked their last;
Mouldering beneath the coffin's lid,
All we adored of thee is hid;
Thy heart, where goodness loved to dwell,
Is throbless in the narrow cell;
Thy gentle voice shall charm no more;
Its last, last, joyful note is o'er.
Oft, oft, indeed, it hath been sung,
The requiem of the fair and young;

The theme is old, alas! how old,
Of grief that will not be controlled,
Of sighs that speak a father's woe,
Of pangs that none but mothers know,
Of friendship with its bursting heart,
Doomed from the idol-one to part —
Still its sad debt must feeling pay,
Till feeling, too, shall pass away.
O say, why age, and grief, and pain,
Shall long to go, but long in vain;
Why vice is left to mock at time,
And gray in years, grow gray in crime;
While youth, that every eye makes glad,
And beauty, all in radiance clad,
And goodness, cheering every heart,
Come, but come only to depart;
Sunbeams, to cheer life's wintry day,
Sunbeams, to flash, then fade away.
'Tis darkness all! black banners wave
Round the cold borders of the grave;
There when in agony we bend
O'er the fresh sod that hides a friend,
One only comfort then we know —
We, too, shall quit this world of woe;
We, too, shall find a quiet place
With the dear lost ones of our race;
Our crumbling bones with theirs shall blend,
And life's sad story find an end.
And is this all — this mournful doom?
Beams no glad light beyond the tomb?
Mark how yon clouds in darkness ride;
They do not quench the orb they hide;
Still there it wheels — the tempest o'er,
In a bright sky to burn once more;
So, far above the clouds of time,
Faith can behold a world sublime —
There, when the storms of life are past,
The light beyond shall break at last.
