title: Prize Prologue (part 1 of 2)
author: Charles Sprague
date: c. 1820-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/writingsofcharles00sprarich (Writings of Charles Sprague, now first collected, New York, 1841; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 114
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Recited at the Opening of the Park Theatre, New York, 1821.
WHEN mitred Zeal, in wild, unholy days,
Bared his red arm, and bade the fagot blaze,
Our patriot sires the pilgrim sail unfurled,
And Freedom pointed to a rival world.
Where prowled the wolf, and where the hunter roved,
Faith raised her altars to the God she loved;
Toil, linked with Art, explored each savage wild,
The lofty forest bowed, the desert smiled;
The startled Indian o'er the mountains flew,
The wigwam vanished, and the village grew;
Taste reared her domes, fair Science spread her page,
And Wit and Genius gathered round the Stage!
The Stage! — where Fancy sits, creative queen,
And waves her sceptre o'er life's mimic scene;
Where young-eyed Wonder comes to feast his sight,
And quaff instruction while he drinks delight. —
The Stage! — that threads each labyrinth of the soul,
Wakes laughter's peal, and bids the tear-drop roll;
That hoots at folly, mocks proud fashion's slave,
Uncloaks the hypocrite, and brands the knave.

The child of Genius, catering for the Stage,
Rifles the wealth of every clime and age.
He speaks! the sepulchre resigns its prey,
And crimson life runs through the sleeping clay.
The wave, the gibbet, and the battle-field,
At his command, their festering tenants yield.
Pale, bleeding Love comes weeping from the tomb,
That kindred softness may bewail her doom;
Murder's dry bones, reclothed, desert the dust,
That after times may own his sentence just;
Forgotten Wisdom, freed from death's embrace,
Reads awful lessons to another race;
And the mad tyrant of some ancient shore
Here warns a world that he can curse no more.
May this fair Dome, in classic beauty reared,
By Worth be honored, and by Vice be feared;
May chastened Wit here bend to Virtue's cause,
Reflect her image, and repeat her laws;
And Guilt, that slumbers o'er the sacred page,
Hate his own likeness, shadowed from the Stage.
Here let the Guardian of the Drama sit,
In righteous judgment o'er the realms of wit.
Not his the shame, with servile pen to wait
On private friendship, or on private hate;
To flatter fools, or Satire's javelin dart,
Tipped with a lie, at proud Ambition's heart;
His be the nobler task to herald forth
Young, blushing Merit, and neglected Worth;
To brand the page where goodness finds a sneer,
And lash the wretch that breathes the treason here.
Here shall bright Genius wing his eagle flight,
Rich dew-drops shaking from his plumes of light,
Till high in mental worlds, from vulgar ken
He soars, the wonder and the pride of men.
Cold Censure here to decent Mirth shall bow,
And Bigotry unbend his monkish brow.
Here Toil shall pause, his ponderous sledge thrown by,
And Beauty bless each strain with melting eye;
Grief, too, in fiction lost, shall cease to weep,
And all the world's rude cares be laid to sleep.
Each polished scene shall Taste and Truth approve,
And the Stage triumph in the people's love.
Recited at the Opening of the new Philadelphia Theatre, 1822.
WHEN learning slumbered in the convent's shade,
And holy craft the groping nations swayed,
By dulness banned, the Muses wandered long,
Each lyre neglected, and forgot each song;
Till Heaven's bright halo wreathed the Drama's dome,
And great Apollo called the pilgrims home.
Then their glad harps, that charmed old Greece, they swept,
Their altars thronged, and joy's high Sabbath kept.
Young Genius there his glorious banners reared,
To float forever loved, forever feared.
The cowl's device, the cloister's legend known,
Old Superstition tumbled from his throne;
Back to his cell the king of gloom retired,
The buskin triumphed, and the world admired!
Since that proud hour, through each unfettered age,
The sons of light have clustered round the Stage.
From Fiction's realms her richest spoils they bring,
And Pleasure's walls with Rapture's echoes ring.
Here hermit Wisdom lays his mantle down,
To win with smiles the heart that fears his frown;
In mirth's gay robe he talks to wondering youth,
And Grandeur listens to the stranger, Truth.
Beauty, with bounding heart and tingling ear,
Melts at the tale to love and feeling dear.
Their sacred bowers the sons of learning quit,
To rove with fancy, and to feast with wit.
All come to gaze, the valiant and the vain,
Virtue's bright troop, and Fashion's glittering train;
Here Labor rests, pale Grief forgets her woe,
And Vice, that prints his slime on all below,
Even Vice looks on! — For this the Stage was reared;
To scourge the fiend, so scorned and yet so feared.
The halls of judgment, as the moral school,
His foot defiles, the bronzed and reckless fool;
God's lovely temple shall behold him there,
With eye upturned, and aspect false as fair;
Even at the altar's very horns he stands,
And breaks and blesses with polluted hands.
Then hither let the unblushing villain roam,
Satire shall knot its whip and strike it home.
The Stage one groan from his dark soul shall draw,
That mocks religion, and that laughs at law!
To grace the Stage, the Bard's careering mind
Seeks other worlds, and leaves his own behind;
He lures from air its bright, imprisoned forms,
Breaks through the tomb, and Death's dull region storms.
O'er ruined realms he pours creative day,
And slumbering kings his mighty voice obey.
From its damp shroud the long-laid spirit walks,
And round the murderer's bed in vengeance stalks.
