title: Prize Prologue (part 2 of 2)
author: Charles Sprague
date: c. 1820-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/writingsofcharles00sprarich (Writings of Charles Sprague, now first collected, New York, 1841; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 46
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

Poor maniac Beauty brings her cypress wreath,
Her smile a moonbeam o'er a blasted heath;
Round some cold grave she comes, sweet flowers to strew,
And lost to Reason, still to Love is true.
Hate shuts his soul when dove-eyed Mercy pleads;
Power lifts the axe, and Truth's bold servant bleeds;
Remorse drops anguish from his burning eyes,
Feels hell's eternal worm, and, shuddering, dies;
War's trophied minion, too, forsakes the dust,
Grasps his worn shield, and waves his sword of rust,
Springs to the slaughter at the trumpet's call,
Again to conquer, or again to fall.
With heads to censure, yet with souls to feel,
Friends of the Stage! receive our frank appeal.
No suppliant lay we frame; acquit your trust;
The Drama guard; be gentle, but be just!
Within her courts, unbribed, unslumbering stand;
Scourge lawless Wit, and leaden Dulness brand;
Lash pert Pretence, but bashful Merit spare;
His firstlings hail, and speak the trembler fair;
Yet shall he cast his cloud, and proudly claim
The loftiest station and the brightest fame.
So from his perch, through seas of golden light,
Our mountain eagle takes his glorious flight.
To heaven the monarch-bird exulting springs,
And shakes the night-fog from his mighty wings.
Bards all our own shall yet enchant their age,
And pour redeeming splendor o'er the Stage.
For them, for you, Truth hoards a nobler theme,
Than ever blessed young Fancy's sweetest dream.
Bold hearts shall kindle, and bright eyes shall gaze,
When Genius wakes the tale of other days,
Sheds life's own lustre o'er each holy deed
Of Him who planted, and of Him who freed.
And now, Fair Pile, thou chaste and glorious shrine,
Our fondest wish, our warmest smile be thine;
The home of Genius and the court of Taste,
In beauty raised, be thou by beauty graced.
Within thy walls may Wit's adorers throng,
To drink the magic of the poet's song;
Within thy walls may youth and goodness draw
From every scene a lecture or a law.
So bright the fane, be priest and offering pure,
And friends shall bless, and bigot foes endure;
Long, long be spared to echo truths sublime,
And lift thy pillars through the storms of Time.
