title: Prize Address (part 2 of 2)
author: Charles Sprague
date: c. 1820-1840
source: https://archive.org/details/writingsofcharles00sprarich (Writings of Charles Sprague, now first collected, New York, 1841; OCR text)
form: iambic pentameter
lines: 102
attribution: certain
notes: OCR source (archive.org); stanza breaks approximate

As wronged and wrorigers met, and met to die.
I looked again — the avenging deed was done;
Freedom's undaunted host the fight had won;
War's withering demon stayed his bloody hand,
And one glad anthem shook the ransomed land.
Behold the vision's bright fulfilment here!
This is the clime to faith and valor dear;
Among these hills the red man's arrow flew,
Along these shores he steered his light canoe;
These are the vales the exiled Christian trod,
Here rose his altar to the living God;
'Twas here, for you, his blood the patriot gave;
Here Freedom found a home, and Freedom's foes a grave.
Here, too, as bland Refinement marked the age,
Immortal Genius spoke, and reared the Stage.
See, where, to work their master's high behest,
His vassals throng, and thrill the human breast; —
Love, cherub watcher of the murmuring shade;
Dark, scowling Hate; Ambition with his blade;

Envy, coarse churl; Joy, chanting to the gale;
Pale Horror, quaking at his own wild tale;
Hope, that in every cloud a rainbow sees,
And coward Fear, that starts at every breeze;
Ruthless Revenge; Remorse with smothered sigh;
Anger uncurbed, and Grief with streaming eye;
All, all bring offerings at their lord's command,
To cheer, and charm, and humanize the land.
O, ne'er this place while youth and beauty tread,
May shame demand one sacred tear they shed;
Scorn track the footpath of each traitor here,
Who dares defile what Genius dared to rear.
Their kindred powers let Wit and Mirth unite,
To wake and warm the hearts they would delight.
Thus shall the good and wise approve the strain,
And all the graces bless the Drama' *— "
Intended for the Opening of the Theatre at New-Orleans.
WHEN Gothic fury spoiled the realms of taste,
And Ruin sat, cold raven of the waste;
The Drama's minstrels bade their shrines farewell,
The canvass mouldered, and the marble fell;
Believing man confessed the crosier's sway,
And holy darkness round creation lay.
At length, bright Genius, starting from his sleep,
Morn's herald angel, swept the mantling deep.
Then shrank the flood! — again the Stage was reared,
And Dulness fled, to curse the foe he feared.
From shore to shore the scenic dayspring played,
Illumed the court, and flashed along the shade;
Sweetly it glanced o'er Arno's tuneful stream,
And Gallia's laughing vine-hills caught the beam;
Round Albion's cliffs it poured undying fire,
And Nature's Bard bade Nature's sons admire!
Time shook his plumes — yet sighed the Muse to grace
A prouder empire, and a purer race.
Lo! from a fettered world she comes in light,
And earth's young realm puts off its heathen night.

For Freedom's ear the maiden strikes her notes,
And steps in beauty where his banner floats.
Still to the glowing West she moves to sing,
Where Rome's exploring bird ne'er bathed his wing,
Till, snow-crowned hills and sun-kissed valleys past,
Here, Gallia's offspring hails her sight at last!
Child of Renown! before whose infant hand
The wreathed invader withered from the land,
Thy Deed shall freshen on the penman's page,
The shame and glory of a wondering age,
And still reviving in the poet's lay,
Thrill the young warrior of some distant day.
In arms supreme, come forth to greatness dear,
Protect the Pilgrim and the Patriot cheer;
Thy slumbering shield with olive garlands dressed,
Rise! crowned by Science, Monarch of the West!
And thou, inspiring Dome! to greet thy reign,
The Muse, exulting, pours her prophet strain.
For thee the bard shall draw, from every clime,
The swelling triumph, and the curtained crime;
Death's moss-grown gates unbar, the sleepers wake,
To charm the good, and bid the guilty quake;
Love's moonlight scene, War's crimson deed unfold,
And all the legends of the days of old.
Wisdom and Wit thy guardian priests shall stand,
And Taste refine, as Truth reforms the land;
Rapture and Grief their rose and cypress twine,
And every heart go mended from thy shrine.
Here pranking youth shall learn, in Pleasure's school,
To hate the folly, and to shun the fool;
Vice, saddening here, shall live for purer days,
And Goodness sanction, while her children gaze;
Learning shall close his page for thy white hour,
And love-lipped Beauty leave her evening bower,
With soul all gladness, and with eye all light,
To hail thy altar, and to bless thy rite.
Here, too, — O kindling thought! — when Time shall shed
His holy incense o'er the mighty dead,
For thee the Sage shall burst his sacred grave,
To guide in death the realm he lived to save;
For thee the Chief revive the battle's roar,
And wake the sons, whose sires he led before.
Thus shalt thou triumph, decked with every grace,
To charm another and another race;
And, one long day of quenchless splendor past,
Blessed by the beamy god, in glory go at last!
