a
THE GREAT FIRE.
Third Day of the Investigation
hy the Board of Police.
Testimony of the Man Who Bes
cned a Burning Calf from
Leary’s Barn.
Interesting Statement of Mr.
Conway, of the Steamer
Chicago.
ilt< Ijollc Appearance nf the Flames as They
Burst from the Basements of South
Side Buildings.
Tho Board of Police, consisting of Messrs.
Brown, Sheridan, and Chadwick, yesterday con--
i limed hearing the testimony of witnesses, in
their effort to “investigate” the cause and pro
gress of tho great cunllagration which destroyed
Chicago. The InquL-ition was held in Captain
Millet's room at the Union Street Police Station,
and tho testimony was taken in full by a short
hand writer. The following is tho substance of
yesterday’s operations:
LOUIS FIEKE,
truckman on No. 2, was sworn, and testified that
a man came into their house and said a grocery
I store on the corner of Jackson aud Jefferson
I streets was on fire. They took the truck to that
r place.; but, finding no fire, continued on
I down Jefferson street, having seen a
blaze [in that direction. They stopped
e. opposite an alley between DeKovcn and
Taylor streets, and he went Into the alley and
I found that a small barn fronting on it was an fire.
I He chopped a bole In the fence so that tho lirc
rmen could get through when they came. In a
I little while the Little Giant’s men arrived and
S directcd the water from their engine on tho fire.
|Bc was positive that only one building was on
■fire at that time. There were several barns in tho
valley opposite the one-on fire. He thought tho
Rtmruing barn could nut be pulled down, so he did
Baxot attempt it. It was very hot in tho alley. Ho
■could get within six or seven fectof the barn, hue
Kcould »iot r* main there very long. The llames
fn-coii.uumk-at'd to the adjacent bums a few
Ismomeiils after he reached the scene. He
rethought the Giant’s men were there
itJH-fme the lire caught tuo other
Mbiuldings, but could not tell positively. No watsr
®jras being thrown on the bam when ho got there.
W&s soon'as he got there water was thrown
mu. He couldn’t say whether or not it was a
Beavy stream. Wut*r was thrown on different
'■Barts of the structure.
H c.vm.vHixE ii'L.vnr.in.xx,
-fir No. 137 Dekuvcn street, testified that she had
.Hived iu the front part of Leary’s house, but did
iSotret-ide there now. She knew nothing about
-She origin of the fire. Some one cried out Fire,”
Snd she looked around the side of the house uud
*aw Leary’s barn was burning, aud the rear part
of Mr. Dalton’s house Just igniting. There were
r five young men uud two young women at her
.'.house that night. A “greenhorn cousin of hers
IT had just arrived from Ireland, and her friends
and cousins came iu to see him. Her husband
pbived two tunes on his fiddle, and one of the
vjt- women danced a “bout” and another u polka.
That was all the dancing that was done. Uue of
the company went out once or twice during tho
4 ev\ niug, and brought lu half a gullou of beer.
J They dien't cat anything* and she did not cook
anything—did not start the stove. “Before God
f this dsiv,” she didn’t cook anything. The company
J was in the house at the time the lire broke om. She
I got along pleasantly with Mrs. Leary, uud
1 assisted in saving the home from btiug destroy
1 cri. Boys could go into the alley near the bara,
a ss there wtts nothing to prevent them. She did
ns.t notice any engines when she went to look
H where the lire was; hut a few miuutes after
waul there was a steamer ou the corner of Juf-
B’ fer.-on end DeKuvcn streets. She could not tell
B exactly how long a time elipsed between thodls-
B ei>M-iy of the lire and the arrival of the engines;
B Inn die thought about tin minutes. She did nut
H know whether Mrs Leary was in th-' habit of
milking her cows at night- She hved iu tbo front
B part ol the house, and the burn could have been
B turned upside down and she wooldnot have known
B it. Mrs. Learv generally did tho milking about 5
B -Aleck. Tho *bavn was about 40 feet from tho
B house. None of the company went out to get
K milk for punch. She never had sucha thing in
B the house. .She did not know, of herownknovvl-
Bcdge. that Mrs. Lcaiy had saved a calf from tho
Bbaru.
S PATRICK LEARY,
whose wife owned the alleged kicking cow, said
■he waft in bed and didn’t know anything about
Blip start of the fire. When ho saw it, only his
Bi u was ablaze. He got on tho roof of Ids house
Bupjotcct it, hut not “before his barn and the
Bvhulc city was burned down.” Dan
Bullivan colled him out of bed,
Biial told him his barn was on fire. Bo put his
B hihlrcu into the street, and then threw water on
Bii* little house until after 1 o’clock in the morn-
He didn’t see any engines for u little while.
me fireman, with a stream, asked him if bo was
-■aai-urcd, and ho said “No,” and tho water was
g*:ikcn away from his house. Ho could not tell
'rryrii..t time thn engine* arrived. Water waa
-jxfthrown on his housoby the plpemen. They had
.-W iunmh to do beside that.” Ho did not know bow
Vr'tU- tire started- He had no knowledge of
'■bit- “If he was to be hanged for it he
couldn’t tell. Ho didn’t blame any
x man In America for It.” Hie woman
went to bed about 8 o'clock, aud bo
-■i fallowed her half an hour afterward. Ho was
vr- asleep when Bnllivan woke lilin.orhe would have
saved a cow. Both doors of the bam were open
'aL the alley door and tho one on the south side of
building. Tne latter was nailed buck so that
*3l it could nut be shut. On the right hand eido of
.’’fjthc barn, going north, there were souio shavings
and wood, and in a shed outside were some cool
.'4 aud more wood. He sometimes sprinkled shav
\«mcß in the barn for his horse to stand on. lie
‘.jßrh'ought the neighbors had shavings la their
dwellings. The wind was very high, and the lire
;jß>pread very rapidly.
mm DA.SIEL SULLIVAN,
t sß if No. 134 DeKoven street, was in Leary’s house
SB about 8 o’clock in tbo evening, and remained
there about one hour. Leary, and all his young
once,” cxctqit two, were in bed. Ho asked the
M old woman why she went to bed so early, and
.1 «hes:Ud sbo didn’t fed well. While ho was there
ia Leary tola the two children who were up to go to
!J. Be left the house, and, while on the op
site side of the street, at twenty or tweuty-flvo
uutes past 9 o’clock, he saw tiro in Leary’s
ru. He r*n across the street as fast as he could
ic bos a wooden leg—aud crisdout Firtj” as
id as he could, which was very loud,
he has strong lungs. He cu
red the barn. intending to cut
e ropes with which the cows were tied. He cut
•o ox them loose, but as they did not seem lu
ntd to leave, and the lire was increasing, ho
uught he lud better depart. As ho was making
r the door, his wooden leg went between two
ards, and ho half fell over, catching himself on
sound leg. He caught hold of tho wall ami
died himself out, and just then saw a calf with
tope around Its neck. The hair on its back
its on lire, and when he caught hold of the ropo
ja’i’pcd six feet into the all*. Ho pulled it out
Use bam; and, when ho reached the yard, he
oked back and felt like a whipped dog,” be
ans he hadn't saved the cows. Leary’s uou»o
as, by this lime, on lire, and amannamedltagiu
us e along and shoved m iho door, and awoke
ur inmates. Leary came to the door, and
ratched his head as if there was a foot of lice
it.” IHs wife came out also, and clapped her
:uds for grief on account of her cows being
.nu d up. The fire appeared to be on the right
:ic of the barn [where, Leary said thu shavings
>n* kept—KEi’.J Ho did not notice any one
iviug McLaughlin’* house. If any oue had
:i he would have seen him. Ills mother kept a
<w. cud he frequently went to Leary’s baru to
teed; and thus knew how the cows were tied.
had never nutced sliavlngs on the right
vla-ii.e of the baru. Wood and shavings were
vjupt in the shed adjoining the baru. There
no lire iu the shed when ho got there.
-HJiiite a time elapfcd before the engines arrived—
£rr«m ten to intern minutes. There was any
quantity of shavings in llio houses of tbeßoho
I f.mians in the vicinity. The barn uoor was open.
I* The lire did not spread very rapidly. Two barns
Mk wci«* on lire when the engines came. There
'W might huve been more, but ho was positive two
jr were burning. The Leary barn was 10x20 feet
*jE mid 14 feet high. There was a vacant aUvd,front-
B inu- on the alley, opposite Leary's bam, in which
9 tl;c bays of the neighborhood were in the habit
B ot congregating, in front of It, facing Tavlor
P .Muet.was u vacant house, which, ho understood,
v.;;* often occupied by vagrants and loafers os a
fj iTtxlging-place. The alley between the shed and
-rLarn was about twelve feet wide.
LOUIS nWE
recalled. The Little Giant’s men kept the
ire from coniumuicatlng to the adjoining bam
Jtv r a time. When It did the hose led through the
jltirn, and the shed on the opposite side of the
lollcy was was cooled off with water. When the
-.‘V'-Tu through which the hose was led was bum
ifc:g rapicly, the men backed down, and when
got through, one of the houses on DeKoven
«ct was found to be on llttj. The flumes “soon
under gimd headway.” and the roofs of houses
the vicinity ignited. Fire was then observed
the roof of a row of buildings on Jefferson
ect, north of DeKoven street and
and several citizens west on the
if and put out the flames with backets full of
ter. All ut once the building at the south end
the block caught lire inside, and In a short
u* the whole row was burning. He did not
nk the lire from the bam started it, as the
ad was not blowing that way. He did not see
lire cross to the South Side. Ho couldnottell
w long it was after ho reached the bam until
Lime Giant came. The Chicago’s nipemon
Unseen after her men. He saw no liquor In
uek Two’s home, and did not see a fireman
link during the conflagration.
MICHAEL W. CONWAT,
lonian of the steamer Chicago, was next oxam
■d. He worked on the Saturday night Arc un
half-pact 4 o’clock on Sunday afternoon, and
eyes bilug full of cinders and his physical
edition such as to render him unlit for duty, ho
nt home and retired to rest. About 1! o’clock
5 wife awoke him, and said she was afraid they
mid be burned out. Ho went over to the on
ic house, nnd eaw the steamer in front of tho
jluing. The lire was then near the comer of
irrifon and Jcffiraon streets. Tho Chicago’s
use is on Jefferson street,-near Van Buron.
mo one told him that the flro was on the South
ic, hut be did not believe it, as ho
:,t l£ *ei i iho reflection from
got Side fire. The engine was short of hoso,’
he took the cart and went down Desnlaluos
cct to see if he could find nay that had been
;t behind l*y the engines. He found two or
rcc lengths, and went back to tho bouse. Tbo
gine was not working. The company had had
ull reel—noo feet—of hose on Sunday afternoon,
tit had been lost. The Tlstaworth was at that
no drawing water from a plug on Jefferson,
ulii of Van Eurcn street, 110 did not know
iiei c the Chicago had been. Ho asked tho forc
;.n what lie Intended to do with the engine, and
replied that he was “played out,’and ho
ouway) could take charge of her. He told
c foreman It was “all right,” and that
would go on tho South Side. There
as no one present to give him directions. Ho
nr tod and attempted to cross Madison street
id go. but could not. Ho crossed Hand Iph
bridge and went cast. Ho saw an engines
VOLUME 25.
Nt Yells and Madison streets, another at LaSalle
and Madison streets, and another at Clark and
and when he reached the corner
of Clark and Washington ho conclude!
that u line was being formed on Madison street
to cut oil* the lire, and. as there was no cnjr.no on
Franklin street, In* thought bo would gotia plug
tm-re. While passing tho Court House, he notic-d
a lire on the i o«-f, and asked the engineer if ho
thought water could ho tin own up
there. Tho reply was Yes.” and
he was about to attach the suction
to a plug, when ho noticed several men
tome out of tin* cupola with buckets aud brooms.
As tin* lire was very small, ho thought they
oulcl manage it, amt he continued ou his way to
Franklin street. He took a hydrant on Franklin
street, mar Washington, aud Jo I south iuioau
j lley nenr Barber's building. lie hud then about
liw hundred feet of hose, having procured a lead
Bom the llrc-iseupc hose, and worked two
streams. ’He remained at work there until Mar
shall Williams crdeied him t:» pick up and go to
fcehutiU-r’s building. Hu led up Randolph street,
and threw' water ou the buildings on the
smith side of tlie street. The fiames came fr.uu
the ba*on.ents of the stores, while there wa? no
sis.ii of the in any other part of the building-*.'
Once while going from the engine to tho pipe.a -u
he saw n woman with a “duster” on her head
looking out of a fom th story window. He threw
up a sti ne or piece of wood to attract her atten
tion, and told her If she did not leave tho build
ing at once she would be burned up. She had
baldly got into the street before the tunics burst
out of the basement windows. The tiro came
fn m tlie cast down Randolph street. Tho light
of the lire In the cellars was a strange oae.
It looked us if whiskey or alco
hol was burning. He heard a great
many loud reports during the night, but thought
they were caused by falling walls. He did not
know of any buildings being blown up taut night.
The only Marshal ho saw until Tuesday after
noon was Williams. Ho went from Schuttler’a
to the corner of Randolph aud Market streets,
aud remained there until the rear walls of the
Washington House fed iu, and tho shanties on
the noith east aud Bt.utU east corners wore burn
ed down. Ho saw the Metropolitan Hall burned,
and did nut think it remained standing a
minute after the lire took hold of it. Tho dome
iu the Briggs House caught lire. While tho en
gine was walking at Franklin and Randolph
tliccts, he took a walk down to South Water
street, and saw the Williams at workou tho cor
ncrof Fifth avenue and that street. The air was
oppressively warm and lull of sparks, and there
wm* a perfect gale. His eyes were in a wretched
condition. While working ou Barber's building
the window frames of tlie upper Hour caught lire,
and, alter he hud kicked open the door, two
policemen went up and subdued tho Humes,
lie wn« familiar wTth many of the
buildings that were burned. vrero
generally of felt, saturated with tar and cohered
with pebbles. Tho cornices were uenoruliv of
wood. Now and then there was a tin roof.’Tin
made the best roof If people did not walk on it.
After he left the foot of Randolph street he went
across tlie bridge and to the foot of Washington
street. There ho saw tho Richard’s engine throw
ing water on tho iron wurks. They hadn't enough
hose, so he let them have two or three leugtns,
by order of the Chief Marshal. Tuo bullihugs
were not on lire, hut were being cooled otf. Ho
alterwaids went to the lootol Franklin street,
ou the North Hide. This was ab utt daylight on
Monday morning. He went llrst to Ohio and Welts
streets, but us ho could obtain no water he went
to The river. Tho Coventry was there when he
arrived, aud tho Winnebago came up soon a’ter.
He threw water on tho oast Elevator, and tho
j ipemen of the oilier engines paid attention, to
the Ga'cnu Depot, by order of Marshal Williams.
The tiro was at that time cast of Wells street,
end as fur north as he could seo. He was uol at
work on the South Side over four or live hours,
and did not fail to obtain plenty of water while
there. The fire went diagonally from the river
East, and then eat its way West. Ho kept a
look-out to the WtS'f&o as to prevent being cut
off. lu cahc of au emergency he intended to ran
the engine Into the ijiSallo fttreet tuuuol. He
did nut see a member of :he Fire Department
dinuk, but saw several citizens with ilremeu’s
Luts ou who were. Tho citizens got the hats
from the hose carls. Inn hut tire, such as that,
a slouch hat was preferable to a fire hat, as
the eyes and face could ho shuffled
Horn the heat. A man stile mi
fire hat, and a policeman shoved tho thief into
the river, and the hat sunk. [Marshal Williams
stated time he took Uiu huts rrom two cit zeu
wl.o were diuuk.l While Conway was at the
Chuagu’b homo, he Raw now liquor. A citizen
who w;is there was Intoxicated, but he did not rc
rui.lu long <n tie house. No extra h.us were car
ried on the Lose cam lie did not know of uuy
money being pah. to firemen for special services.
Money was offered him. Mr. Baker, who
owns a wood yard, came to him at
the corner of Randolph and Market
streets and offered him S2OO It ho would order his
plpemen to change their position so as to save
some of his wood. He told him ho could not
work lor uny oue individual, but bo wont to look
at the place where tbo water was wanted, and
told Mr. Baker it would do no good. He insisted,
and to satisfy him tho position was changed In
a few moments Mr. Baker became convinced that
it was uttlcss to attempt to save tho plies of
wood, aud the pipemtn were ordered out. He
had received compensation for that service.
Commissioner Sheridan (eagerly). Wbatwasit
Conway. Two cigars. He had heard that
money hud been given, hut did not bciievu it un
til he saw it in the newspaper*. The boys” in
tlie house had Joked him about receiving £2OO,
and giving it to the Firemen’s Association. Many
promises were made during the tiros, but they
were not fulfilled, ns far us ho knew. One prom
ise hud been made to him and fulfilled. Two
years ago, while nt a lire, a building near tho
bimiiug one ignited, uud tlie owner said he would
pay handsome!}* to have it put out. Ho intended
to turn the stream on it at that moment.
and did so. When tho fire was out, tho boys”
told him he hud lietter go aud collect tho money
promised him. Ho wanted one of tbo others to
go, us ho was a German, the owner being of that
nationality. He went in and thu German hand
ed him two lilt}* cent notes,” with the remark
Here, treat tho boys.” Ho saw buildings on
Wubasb avenue blown up ou Monday afternoon.
After tho elevators at tho foot of Frunkliu street
had burned ho returned to tho house, and having
only two or three lengths of hose left, ho wont
over to tho South Slue to find a Marshal and
Irnm If ho had any use for tho engine. Ho found
Benner, and asked him, and was told
to wait a minute.” Ho waited half
on hour, and saw ox-Alderman Hildreth and souio
others blowing up buildings. He did not seo
Philip 11. Sheridan blow any up. He thought
the blowing up was a good thing, but that tho
buildings on tho corner of Congress street nnd
Vabash avenue could have been saved by a single
stream of water. 'While going back to the engine
house, ho met a Springfield or Bloomington
steamer, and, noticing that they had a largo reel
ot nice hose, ho told the foreman ho was u fire
man, and askeibim to divide. The foreman re
lufed. and while ho was arguing with him a hook
and ladder truck came up, and tho stranger
was induced to go to [ho Chicago's house.
They would not part with their hoso then
unless they w*mt with the steamer. The truck
horses wore hitched to their engine, and the two
steamers shitted for tho North Side. This was
between liulf-past 7 and 8 o’clock on Monday
morning. They stopped at Division street bridge
and played on a pile of tan bark south of tho
gas works. He did not sco the foreman of tho
Chicago, as he was played out,” and had gone
tubed. He did not think tho lire on tho South
Side could have been stopped unless tho
buildings were picked up aud thrown into the
lake. Everything was unusually dry and burned
very rapidly.
ADJOURNMENT.
fe The board then adjourned until 10 o'clock on
Monday momiug.
Medical Belief,
Tbo Sick, Sanitary, and Hospital Committco of
the Chicago Relief and Aid Society desire to se
cure the personal co-operation of benevolent citi
zens in the Important and responsible work that
comes under their supervision. Tho visiting and
dispensing physicians nro unable, from tho
nature of their engagements, to provide In all
cases such nutriment and attentions os would
best conduce to tbo welfare of their patients. Not
seldom the sick axo in need of somo article of
diet, or simple luxury, which. If opportunitv fur
nished, would not only bo grateful tolhe suUerer,
but instrumental In hla recovery. It Is believed
that there are among us many persons, of be
nevolent character aud valuable sanitary* ex
perience, who would bo willing to give some
ptrsonal attention to these eases, if tho way
could bo pointed out to them, and U they would
bo assured that their services would bo welcomed
by tho physicians In charge. The committee
wish to inform sill such persons that their mlaU
tratluns to the sick depending upon tho Relief
nnd Aid Society. In their respective neighbor
hoods, is sincerely desired, aud would bo grate
fully accepted. And pastors, churches, and
charitable societies are requested to organize
visitors, in localities in which they are situated,
for* hiclcnt aid In fills particular, Sometimes
such immediate provision ior the sick is needed
ns eauuot he procured In time through tho ordi
nary chrnuels of relief, which might bo speedily
furnished Iu Iho way that is
proposed. Whc.*o tho expense
attending such ministrations is of a kind to bo
at all burdensome to visitors, it will bo paid out
of tbo funds of the society. What la aimed at Is
such an alert, kind and intelligent caro of the
sick us may bo most promolivo of their speedy
convalescence.
Such as dcslro nro respectfully requested to
purthemsclves in communication with tne medi
cal Superintendents and medical ofllccrs of this
committee, who may bo found at the Depot of
Distribution.
By order of tho Sick, Sanitary, and Hospital
Committee, Horatio N. Powers,
R. Luduuu, m. D.
Chicago, Nov. 23.
Applications for Belief*
Chicago Relief and Aid Society, 1
Headquarters Distribution of Supplies.
Tb the Editor of The Chicago Tribune:
Sm: I published, a day or two since, a card
requesting families who had been aided from any
district office of tho Chicago Relief and Aid
Society to make their applications for such farther
aid as they may need, in^writing, to tho Superin
tendent of the Relief District in which they
reside, and from which they have been aided.
Manypereons are. sending their applications to
mo at ihe'hoadquarters at Standard Hall instead
of to the office of tbo district in which they reside.
This is all wrong, as it is impossible for mo to
-give attention to individual cases, and subjects
them to the delay caused by sending their applica
tions to tho proper district office.
The district offices are located as follows:
In the North Division, at tho Intersection of
North Wells and North Clark streets, and the
corner of Sedgwick and Division streets.
In iho West Division, at tho comer of Morgan
and Indiana streets; West Madison street, comer
of Throop; and corner of Wright street aud New
berry avenue.
In the South Division, after Tuesday next, at
the corner of Twenty-second Street and Went
worth avenue.
Tito streets forming boundaries of districts are,
In the North Division, North avenue; and, in the
'Vest Division, Klnzie and Twelfth streets.
Application tnmlc In writing to the Superintend
ent of either of these offices will receive prompt
attention, and save tbo applicant the necessity of
appearing in person. O. C. Ginns.
_ G enoral Superintendent.
Chicago, Nov. 25,1871.
PROSPECTIVE BLOODSHED.
An Attempt to £reet Telegraph Poles on North
Clark Street Resisted by the Citizen*—The
Workmen Arrested hy the Police—Wordy
Consultation >vtth the Hoard of Police—Alder
uinn Oi >«c Gives Notice that He will Kill the
Flrct 31 an who Attempts to Put a Pole In
Front of Ilia Lot,
Tlie residents of the Twentieth Ward are at
present somewhat excited, in consequence of the
attempt of tho Western Union Telegraph Cora*
pany to put up poles ou North Clark street, from
the river to Chicago avenue. A gang of six men,
.employes of the telegraph company, made their
appearance on Clark street hist Thursday morn*
lug, and comemed digging up the block pave*
incut and putting m tho long pieces of timber, to
which the wires aro to be attached. A property
holder founded the alarm, a crowd collected, and
the workmen were threatened with violence if
they did not desist. One man. who bad started
after Alderman Basse, found him and brought
him to the place where tho work was in pro
gress. Ho was boiling over with rage, aud
threatened to shoot tho individual who dared to
put up a telegraph polo on North Clark street.
It was contrary tothecity ordinances, ho said,
and he would see about it. Word was scut to
Captain Fox, and a squad of policemen soon up*
poured and arrested the workmen, and convey
ed them to the Webster Avenue Police Station,
where they were locked up. As soon as this be
came known to the telegraph company, choir
attorney, Mr. Norman Williams, applied
to the Hoard of Police for an order
jor the release of the men." The board
could not comply with tho request, un I,
even if they had tho power, it would have
been unnecessary, as the men had been permitted
to go upon tho foreman leaving a deposit of sll
for euch man.
The case came up at the North Side Police
Court yesterday, tho prisoners being charged
wth violating tho city ordinance In regard to
tearing up tac streets. The Justice was unable
to occide tin* case without consulting the state
ami United h tries laws in regard to the lights of
the telegraph company, {and at his request tho
hearing was postponed until Wednesday next
Yefiteiday morning Mr. Williams, Curtain Fox,
ami Aldcrmaii Hiiksc appeared at the rooms rf
the Board of Police to talk tho matter over with
tlie Commissioners. Mr. Williams stated that the
p. Jiel and Aid Society had asked tho compauy to
put up the poles, so as to enable them to triasuet
business with the North Side. Mr. Chandler, the
Superintendent of the Fire Alarm Telegraph,
h.<d obtained permission to put his tire alarm
wires ou the poles, aud those wore, in fact, tho
•niy wires that wore to he attached to them.
The work was one of charity, and ho did not eeo
why objection should be made to it. Tho com
pany hud the right, under an ordinance of the
city, the statutes of tho State, and the law of the
United States to, put thcirjpolcs upon any high
way or public road.
Captain Fox claimed that ho had done his duty
in enforcing the ordinance relating to the tearing
up of streets.
Alderman Basse said there was a city ordi
nance against the erection of telegraph poles in
the streets. He had no objection to tho poles be
ing pul upon La Salle street, but they should not
go'on North Clark street. Ho far as he binwlf
was concerned, ho did not care anything ub mt
it. Hut his coustments had objected to its be
ing done, ami bo would prevent it. Let a man
attempt to put up a pole in front of his property,
and they would see. From Ida argument wo
would suppose that ho believed time a city ordi
nance supei fii-dcd tho Stale law.
Commissioner Sheridan said tho State law gave
the company tho right to put up the poles, the
damages, if any resulted, to be assessed by three
Immuiiul pel sons.
Alderman Busso said a largo force of men
would be required to put up the poles, as tbo citi
zens would resist them. He would shoot any
man who attempted to put up a pole iu front of
his lot »n Ninth Clark street, it might bo u
hi nolit to tin- North Side, but the people objected
to it, and it was his duty to have ihoworkstop
ped.
Mr. Brown, with a view to get tho matter iu
shape, mov(d that tho Superintendaet of the
Fire Alarm Telegraph bo directed to make out
his plans and specifications for tho erection of the
necessary tire alarm telegraph poles iu tho North
Bhi6on_£or such of them as shall ho required
lids winter, upon which to put tho lire alarm
lines, and that he ho authorized to'secure the
erection of tho necessary poles upon tho best
/terms he can make with anyone, whether tile
fn uph companies or others, having first obtained
from the Board of Public Works tho necessary
permission therefor.
The motion was adopted.
Mr. Chandler said ho was looking around to
see where he could obtain poles tho cheapest,
and, In conversation with Mr. Williams, ho had
learned that the Relief and Aid Society had
made application to have wires run in tho North
Division, and usked him if he could put tho tiro
ahum wires on the poles, and permission was
given to put up all the wires needed. The pro*
liosed line was tho shortest to reach the engine
iouscs ou Michigan and Dearborn streets, and
the Webster Avenue police station. Tho Western
Union Company’s poles on the South Side were
being used by the city.
Alderman Basse said tho wires would interfere
with derricks that would be put up In front of
buildings.
Mr. Williams said men would be sent by tho
company to prevent that.
Captain Fox said ho had sent a man to tho
Board of Public Works to see if permission had
lieen given to put up tho poles, and ho found that
It had not been granted.
Alderman Busso had talked with the members
of that board, and ho know' permission had not
been given.
Commissioner Brown moved that the Superin
tendent of Police he instructed to consult with
the Board of Public Works, and carry out their
views of tho law.
The motion was adopted.
A desultory conversation then took place among
the gentlemen, and it was asserted that one of
the holes hud been "chopped with a little
hatchet.”
Mt. Williams thought tho law was clear.
Alderman Basso didn't think so. If an attempt
was made to continue tho work ho would get oat
an injunction.
Thus stood the matter up to last night, and fur
ther developments are awaited with anxiety by
Alderman Busso’s constituents.
THE CITY IN BRIEF.
First in the Burnt District,
The congregation of Graco Methodist Churcli
have tho credit of erecting the first placo of wor
ship in tho burnt district. Tho building, though
not a marvel of architectural genius, is a commo
dious, well-appointed, temporary frame struc
ture, Gox4o feet, and 22 feet high. It is furnished
with settees, and will have tho gas and heating
arrangements completed in a day or two. It is
intended to open it, Thursday, Thanksgiving
Day.
Announcements.
Elder Knapp will preach at tho Fifth Baptist
Church tuorumg and evening.
—Tho Rev. w. H. Ryder will proaoh at tho
Chui eh of tho Redeemer.
—There will ho the usual morning nnd evening
services al the Church of tho Holy Cumimmiou.
on Burnside street, between Twenty-ninth and
Thirtieth streets.
—An adjourned meeting of tho Bureau of
Special Counsel and Assistance will bo held nt
2:30 o’clock to-morrow afternoon, in tho First Con
gregational Church. All pastors and one repre
sentative ot each benevolent association are in
vited to attend.
—Sewing girls who want employment and a
homo can secure both by applying at tho sowing
room of tho Ladies’ Christian Union, No. 189
Jackson street. Those who want tbo home with
out the employment need not apply.
—Truity Mission Sunday School will meet
with the Railroad Mission m tho Mission build
ing on Fourth avenue. between Taylor and
Twelfth streets, at 3 o’clock.
Mlsccllancona*
Rev. Robert Collyor has accepted tho contract
to marry Wirt Sykes aud Olivo Logan, at Now
York, on December X 9.
Hon. J. W. Fornoy, editor of tho Philadelphia
Pt'ess. is in tbo city, and is at tho residence of Dr.
T. w. Miller, N0.543 Hurlbat street, between Ful
lerton and Beldcn avenues.
—Tho remains of Derwln Hall, who died of con
gestion of tho lungs nt tho small-pox hospital, nro
awaiting tho action of his friends at tho Morguo,
No. C 4 Mllwaukcoavcnuo.
NEW YORK.
Special Despatch Co The Chicago Txltmse.
MONET.
New York, Nov. 23.—The bank statement to
day was unfavorable. Tbo banks have made
a net loss ot $151,550 in tbclr legal reserve.
The amount now held above tbc 25 per cent re
quired by law is 1667.8T5, Tbe loss in legal tend.
ers is duo to tbo eturonoy shipments of the week.
Money was easy in tbo morning at the rates usu
al for several days post. In tbo afternoon, how
ever, open-air bargains on tbo corner of Broad
street and Exchange place become feverish, and
rates ran up to 7 per cent on call. After several
loans at this rate, it weakened for a time, but
closed steady nt 7 per cent. Again, it was con
trary to the indications of the morning, and nn
usual for Saturday afternoon, when loans for one
business day drew two days* interest, and it bore
the appearance of artificial effort.
GOLD
was dull, opening at 110 3-4, and closing at 110 7-8.
For the greater part of the day tbo indicator
stood at uo 3-4, and the ring was almost deserted.
The balls are endeavoring to make capital oat of
tbe illness of tbo Prince of Wales. They contend
that if tbo Prince dies the Qaeen will be pros
trated again as she was after tbo death of the
Prince Consort, and incapable of business, and
that the Republican movement in England will
assume greater force; that consols will, therefore,
decline sharply, a monetary panic will ensue, and
gold will go up here. For these reasons the
cnorso ot consols was closely watched
to-doy, and will bo until the
crisis is passed. These securities closed at
93 i-2a93 7-8 for money and account respec
tively, and the London markets closed firm in
these respects. This shows that there was no se
rious apprehension felt in the English metropo
lis to-day. On Monday there may be a different
sort of tiling to record.
FOREIGN EXCHANGE
was weak, and closed at 109 for co days, audio?
7-8 for sight bills. The specie export for the week
logo, 929.7o— lncludes $9,000 in American gold
coin, and $16,000 lu gold bars.
GOVERNMENTS
are steady and quieter than usual on Saturday.
CHICAGO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1871.
The new loan In London is quoted at 15-9 dis
count to-day, which is an improvement of T-b»,
and tie steadiness of American securities in Lon
don contributes to their firmness hero. Central
Pacific bonds advanced this afternoon, and were
In demand, closing at 1031-2 to 103 34. Union
Pacific closed at 9? 3*B to 91 7*B for firsts, 79 7-8 to
80 for land grants, 83 to 831*2 for Incomes, and
2714 to 27 3-5 for stocks
TiiE STOCK MARKET
opened strong, and there were symptoms of
unusual strength, Northwest being tho feature
and advancing 21-2 per cent before the opening
of the second call, hut when tho bank statement
was announced there was a general decline in
the bids of 1-2 to 11-2 per cent. Tho market closed
unsettled.
imEAPSTUTTS.
Fleur was in light demand, and under large ar
rivals prices tended downward. The better
grades of Mlnneeotas were in fair request, how
ever, and were active. Other grades were heavy.
The offerings of wheat were large. The market
closed easier for spring, and heavy and inactive
for winter. The demand was chiefly to complete
cargoes for export. Corn was lower and fairly
active at the concession. The demand was mostly
for export. New is scarce.
(To tlie Associated Press.]
COSSOLLT'd ARREST.
New York, Nov. 25.—Connolly’s arrest, to-da£
created quite a flutter at the City Hall. _ Shortly
after it became public It was generally talked
about throughout the city. Thu arrest was mivdo
by Sheriff Brennan, in person. Connolly was
taken wholly by surprise. Tho arrest
was based ou tho same summons as
was used in tho case of Tweed,
logcrsoll. Garvey,- and Woodward, Connolly’s
mime being added to the others. Afterward
Connolly started in search of bondsmen, ho bciug
in ehargo-of-a Deputy Sheriff It was nnuounced
late in the’afternoon that Eugene Kelley, hunk
er, who is reported to he worth eleven millious,
would give bail.
THE FISK-MANSFIELD UIIEL SUIT.
The libel fcuit of Miss Mansfield against James
FU-k, Jr., came up again to-duy In tno'Yorkvlllo
Police Court. The court-room was tilled with
spectators atthc opening. Miss Mansfield’s entry,
iu nipany -with a female, relative created iU
sen-ation. Soon after, Fisk put in an anf
prurauec. Assistant Distriß Attorney Fellow*,
lor the prosecution,asked thutlhccourtcompel tun
defence to produce the original paper published
hy Fisk, and which was the cause of tho libel.
Fisk’s counsel argued against the propriety of
this (iiinund, sajiugtbat they did not have tho
papers lu their possession. Beach, Fisk’s conn-
Eel, asked that tho court would exclude Me-
Kcon as counsel for Miss Mansfield,
who appeared bv oouVtesy of tho District Attor
ney. Mr.McKcou defended hisxight to lie present,
but he waft the subordinate of tho District At
tomev. He made personal remarks with pegn rd
to Fisk, who he £&id thought bo owned Now
York. New Jersey, and even tho Legislatures,
and the sooner wc got lid of such a person the
hotter.
Miss Mansfields* was then placed upon
the witness stand. Sue testified that the waiter,
named King, had left her employ aud went into
the 6ervico of FLk. The affidavit made by King
had l*ecn served upon her. It was false. Por
i n- of the affidavit which had been already pu'i
is; edwere read in court. At the cross-examina
tion nr Miss Mansfield. on applica
tion of Beach, Fisk was permit!© I
to leave the court on account of business en
gagement. Miss Mansfield testified further as to
her past history. She was born in Boston. Is 24
yenir cf age; has resided in New York sineMßfi7
before that at Philadelphia: was married in Sau
FraueiSiO in 18C4 to Frank Lawler, who
is still living. [A good deal of
argument here lollowcd between the counsel, tho
prisu-utlou objecting to tho conrso of examina
tion, and protested against tho preparation of a
dish of fccimdul for the iniblic.J BUe first met
Fisk at the house of a friend; ho had got her
apartments in tjo American Club House; she
hud received letters from Fisk, and continued;
I have yet some of tho letters; I
never gave any away; Ido not know how many
I yet have; could not tell; suppose! have five
hundred left; I had. some property, personal,
when I got acquainted with Fisk; I had no bank
account, but I certainly was not poor; I
have always been well cared for; I
was not supported by Fisk personally
while at the American Club House;
money for my support come to me through itook
operations carried on by Wm. H. Murston with
miuey furniOied by Fisk. Tho money thus re
ceived amounted to two or throe hundred dollars
a week. After leaving the club house I went to
live In Jersey City. Received money while there
through tho Erie Railway from Fisk, who
lived there with me. After farther testimony
the case was adjourned to December 2. Peter B.
Sweeney, who will he a witness in the case, was
piCiCUtat court.
WHOLESALE BATH.
It is stated that tho whole Board of Audit,
25 in number, including Mayor Hall, will be ar
tested on Monday, on a charge of complicity in
fraud.
STATE LEGISLATURE,
Special Despatch to The Chicago Tribune.
COOK COUNTY ABSENTEES.
Springfield, HI., Nov. 25.— Tho absentees from
Cook County this morning are, Eagan, who is
tick, Foss, Dixon, Mason, Humphrey, Burley,
King, Heallcld, Sonne, and Brayton. The
two nty votes of Cook have run down to twelve.
THE ADJOURNS!ET RESOLUTION.
The Senate voted down tho resolution to ad
journ over next week, nnd yet found itself with,
out n quorum. Many Senators are becoming
conscious of tho consequences of this, system,
and will try next week to see if they can keep
the members In their places, and not spoil tho
good Senatorial record of last winter.
FEES AND SALARIES.
A general feeling of dissatisfaction with tho
Committee on Fees nnd Salaries for their ex
ceeding slowness, manifested itself to-day in tho
House, by the passage of a resolution calling on
the committee to report why it had done nothing.
Mr. Hawes rather opposed it, since tho publio
ofliccrs were not demanding legislation on tho
subject, and others objected to It as rather dis
courteous to the committee, and its absent Chair
man, Mr. King; but It passed. At noon Morrison,
Dcnicksou, and Easter departed for Chicago.
COOK COUNTY TAX ARREARS.
Some little flutter was caused this morning by
the Introduction of Mr. Barr's resolution relative
to the *129,000 of State taxes which have remain
ed charged against Cook County since 1807, when
Salomon refused to extend tho equalized assess
ment, Mr. Barr warranting a part of that sum
reassessed in Cook County, and tho rest of it de
ducted from tho amount paid In* tho
Slate to tho city on account Of the
canal. Ho spoke with more vchcmoßco
than was necessary, but tho Cook County mem
bers did not lose temper, and had the resolution
referred to tiro Revenue Committee for Invo&tig-v
tlcn, being willing to pay whatever was due,
hut not to admit that there was a debt without
investigation. This resolution is no indication of
a desire to oppose fnctiousiy legislation needed
for Chicago, and is only defective in that it docs
notmentfon similar dcttcienccs in other counties.
CHICAGO RILLS.
Mr. Campltell's bill for creating a Board of
Counclimen in Chicago came up in Committee of
the Whole. While no ono is opposed to the gen
eral principle, several members, and some from
Cook, wanted to examine its details, and it was
reported back to tho House with several pro
posed amendments, among them one by Morri
son, of Cook, to use tho cumulative vote in tho
election of Councilmcn.
Tho bill enlarging tho powers of the Mayor,
offered by Mr, King, was ordered to a tnird
rending, and the two bills arc about equally ad
vanced, except that tho latter is an emergency,
and requires 118 votes.
AFTERNOON SESSION OP THE HOUSE.
There was no quorum in tho House in tho af
ternoon, but some bills were read.
TUE AITOUTiONiIBNT.
There is some Republican dissatisfaction with
tho apportionment in Cook County aud some
otherparts of the State, but it does not yet give
slims of being so great ns to seriously interfere
with the passage of the bill.
PACIFIC CAOST.
Another Thierlni; Raid by the Apache* In
Arizona—Farther Particulars of the
Wlckrnburg
San Francisco, Nov. 25.—Despatches from
Arizona state that a hundred government cattio
were run off by the Apaches in the Vale l>e China,
near Prescott.
Troops and citizens were pursuing tho Apaches
who murdered the Wickenburg stage passengers.
They have trailed them directly to tho Date
Cheek Reservation. The fact that a largo part of
tho Apaches residing there were absent at tho
time of the massacre Is proven to tho officer on
tho reservation. A despatch says that
.Vi° Passengers was one
registered Alfred W. Loring.of the Wheeler Expe
dltion. .coring was tho only passenger not
wounded nt the first tiro of tho Indians, who wore
ambushed, completely surrounding tho stage.
The three passengers outside and the driver were
killed in the first volley. The Indians then rush
ed f« r the stage. Loring and HamiU lost their
presence of mind, and jumped from the
stage on tho aide where tho Indians
were. Miss Shepard and Kruger, both
wounded, jumped from the other side and es
caped. Ip an instant loring was surrounded by
savages; being wounded, ho tried to escape, but
Uie Ilulians tired two shots, passing thremth Ida
breasts ioring fell, and was <lcspatcbod by a
Inner. Parties who know bint here say there la
no donbt ot bis identity. Tho people of Prescott
raised volunteers, with a determination of kilUnir
everyApaebo in the reservation, but Anally com
tented to leave the matter with General Creek.
BUSINESS NOTICES,
Hazard Caswell’s Cod Liver Oil Is
tho purest, sweetest, and best in tho world.
Physicians have decided it superior to any other
Cod liver Oil in tbo market. Patients who have
once takpn it can take no other.
Barnett’s Flavoring Extracts—The Sn
periority of these extracts consists in their perfect
purity and great strength. They are warranted
free from tbo poisonous oils and acids which en
ter into the composition of many of the factitious
trait flavors now in the market.
Why dealers «rn easterners is ase bak
ing powders which they know must bo adulter
ated, Is, because they are purchased for less than
Dr. Price’s Pure Cream Baking Powder can be
made, giving a better profit.
Dr. Noble, Drntiat, (formerly 23 Wash
ington street), is now prepared to receive limp t
trons at BJ3 Wabash avenue, corner of Eigh
teenth street.
Cornu, Bunions, Nolls, Extracted
without pain by Dr. Konisun. Chiro
podist, at 853 Wabash avenue, corner Eighteenth
street, formerly 119 and 118 Chirk street.
Tjonia *tnnb null play* upon the feelings
of the public by making his pupils feeling pliy
ers. See advertisement under amusement col
umn.
CornsSS, Baniom 30c—By Dr. Steph
en.*, 121 nwt IN uriiiugiun-sti, 8 t04.G24 WestLuke
si„ S to 9 p. in. Stephens’ All-Right Salve for
corns. Druggists have it—2sc per box.
married.
PIIERWOOI)—GOODNO—un tbo evening of tho
ITthlixrt .by the Rev. d«w. E. Chenev, S. IL Slier
wood and Mina Kmefine C. Gocxtno. .both »>f tlds cltv.
METZGER—CUBBY—In this city, at tlie residence
of tbeolQcinting clergyman, on the Sul lust, by the
Rev. lather llntlcr, Mr. Chas. S. Metzger aud MUs
Maggie A. Cuddy.
CLARKE—DJiUL—On the 23d lust., at the residence
omiie bride’s father, bv the Rev. E. ©tone, Mr. Walter
(ha ke and Mbs Emma Dell, both of this city. No
C«rds.
0 DAVY—WILSON—On tho 23d hist, at tlie residence
of J. P. Marsh, Esq., 312 Calnmet-av., by tlie Rev.
Robert Patterson, Richard Davy, Jr., and Mrs. Auulo
D. V iJson, all of tills city.
"DEED.
SETC HFIELD—In this city, November 25, at the
residence of Mrs. D. M. Parker, of dropsy, Mrs. Mary
tertchlirld
Funeral to-morrow (Monday) nt I o’clock, from 233
Bmindde-bt. Friends are Invited.
MORRIS—On the 25th last., at tbo residence of Mrs.
Rmiclpb. i;v» Fourthav of congestion of tlie brain,
Mollie Morris, aged2l yearn.
Funeral to-dav at 2 o’clock
Cleveland patera please copy.
KNUTSON—On the 23d Inst., from injuries received
rn the IMb Inst, by being knocked down bv a locomo
tive on the Great Kselem Railroad, Slvert kuutsou,in
bis Cist year
Funeral at 1 o’clock this afternoon, from Ids late resl
rteni-e, No. 57 Fonrtb-st. Friends of the family are lu.
4Tttrd to attend m Ithoukfarther notice.
WRIGHT—In this city, on the. 24th lust., Seneca
r Wright. In the 51st year of his age.
Cj?-iinflalo papers please copy.
SOCIETY MEETINGS.
Aucicut Order of Foresters.
A special meeting of Court Pioneei of tho West,
No. 5,519, will be held at tbo nail, 82 Raudolpb-st., on
Mommy evening, Nov. 27, tot 7:3 «barp. The D. S.
being iu tlie city, a full attendance is desirable. By
older ol the C. R- B- H. LEWIS, Sec’y
Headquarters Relief Cuimuitleo at D. W. Quirk’s,
149 South Cunul-i-t.
Knights of Pythias*
A meeting of Excelsior Lodge, No. 3, will bo held'ln
their Hall, 54 West Lake-st., on Friday, December 8, at
6 p.m. Business, nomination of oUlcers. By order of
W. C. ANDREW WALLACE. R. 8.
AMUSEMENTS.
OLVaifiC THEATRE,
Corner of Cftxinl and Taylor-sts.,
The Finest Theatre in Chicago,
wm open on THURSDAY EVENING, Nov. 30, aa a
First-Class Variety Theatre,
With ft company consisting of tho beat talent In tho
country. J. H. WOOD, Proprietor.
THANKSGIVING BALL,
At HOFFMAN’S HALL, Lyons, 111.,
THURSDAY EVENING, Nov. 30,1871. Good music
lu attendance. Tickets, SI.OO, to bo bad atso3 s* tato-st.
MRS. HALL. Manager.
AUCTION SADES.
To fflillinery Goods Jobbers.
Barge sale of assorted and fancy feathers, on Tues
day, November2B, at 11 ru ra.
J GEO. P. GORE CO.,
Comer Randolph st. i«u\ Mlchlgauay^_
FURNITURE.
GILBERT k Will.
FURNITURE.
Office Furniture,ChamberSuits,
Parlor Suits, Library Furni
ture, Dining-room Furni
ture, Mattresses, Bed
Springs, &c., &c.
Wo arc now prepared to show our friends and pa
trons a full nßßortraent of FIRST-CLASS FDRNI
TURK, consisting lu part of the above described arti.
tides, all of which we offer
AT EXTREMELY LOW PRICES.
OUR STOCK IS ALL NEW AND FRESH and
from tlie best manufacturers and warra'ited. Call and
see us at our now quarters.
No. 32.2 Micliigiin-av.
GILBERT SAMPSON.
DRESS MAKING.
Dress Making,
AND
Dress Patterns.
HUE. CAR? has resumed business at
103 Twenty-second-st, Dresses Cut and
hasted, or made and trimmed. Drees
Caps and Capes; new styles just re
ceived and made to order. Corsets, all
styles. Also Furnishing Goods. Prices
reasonable.
LIVERY.
C. D. Warren Co.’s
Livery and Boarding Stable,
CORNER TWENTY-FIFTH AND STATE-STS.
Having opened our lame and commodious stable, wo
would respectfully solicit a share of public patronage.
I*.n titular attention paid to the can of gentlemen
driving horses. Carriages furnished at all times on
to suit the times, nnd satisfaction guaranteed.
C W WARREN «fc CO., Proprietors.
WM. KELSEY, Superintendent.
(Formerly with Smith A Flagg.)
GENERAL notices.
Km id mmmi
To bo shot for at Dexter Park, on Thanksgiving,
Thursday, Nov. SO,
One fine Woslev Richards Central Fire Breech load
ing Shot Gun. There are plenty of birds, and there
will bo a general shoot alter the m»u u Jmi f.»r
J. BUTLER.
FOR THANKSGIVING,
Osci«la C'lnmnuiitv Canned Fruit; Eliott Packing
CompanVs Canned Fruit; .Elgin Condensed Milk. and
a full ni-*orTnu‘iit of choice grOCCrJM, Bt IW THIRD*
AV„ nearHairison-st.
W. IL LAHMAN.
NOTICE.
DONNELLY V.VN BAALEN (formerly with A
Liimian), 21 Arcber-av. All kinds of pawnbroker’s
pledges for sale.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
Copartnership Notice.
John A. Ehscn, baring sold out his entire interest
In the firm of Wm. A. Butters Co., to the other
member** thereof, thereby retires.—the business to be
conducted as heretofore,by the undersigned, who are
n i ono authorlzcil to collect tho assets and nay the lia
bilities of said firm. WM. A. BUTTERS CO.
Chicago.
DISSOLUTION NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION.
The copartnership heretofore existing under the
firm name of SmcaL Bebanks Co., is this day dis
solved by mutual consent, Mr. R. C.
a.* Franks,
B. a BONINGER.
NOTICE.—We are happy to Inform our friends and
custonicrs that tlie business of the firm of Smeal, Re
banks A Co. will bo carried on at No. 40 Harrison-st,
between Waba»h-av. and State-st., where mar bo
foimd a complete assortment of blank books, station
ery.Ac. our manufacturing department trill be In
running order in a few days.
SMEAL, REBANKS CO.
Chicago, Nov. 35, 1671.
DISSOLUTION.
The firm of A. B. SHELDON A CO. is this day dis
solved. A- B. SHELDON is authorized to collect all
accounts due said firm.
A. B. SHELDON,
EDWARD BOSS.
Notice of Dissolution of Copartnership.
The Copartnership heretofore existing under the firm
name of Robb Ackermann, Architects, Is tills day
dissolved by mutual consent. Either party is author
ized to sign in liquidation of the firm.
ADAM I. ROBB.
J. W, ACKERMAN.
Chicago, Nov. 33,1571.
furs.
SEAL SACD.UES!
The fashionable shapes. New
fresh goods, the finest and hand
somest in this market.
mmiiEii,
Onr specialty in Mink Furs.
Astrachan Sacks,
MUFFS AND BOAS,
Sables, Ermine,
And all the other Furs worn.
Fur Trimmings. --Fin- TRjm'rr
ing in the best manner.
STRYKER CO.,
231 W. Madison-st,
The Leading Hatters and Fur-
riers of the West.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
W. W. KIMBALL,
610 Michigan-ar.
IJTOICE RECEIVED DAILY OF
Fiasillp.
Orders fronrdealers filled with despatch.
SEW PIiSOS TO REST. Pianos toned, re
paired, and stored.
HATS AND FUKS.
GUSTIN
COOPER.
HATS! FURS!
PARLORS 583 Wabash-av.
Elegant Stock and Low Prices.
Special attention given to manufactur
ing and repairing.
HORSES AND CARRIAGES.
Auction sale of horses, buggies, iiar
now*, and rube* uf all grade*, to tbo highest, and no
side bidders. All you that wish to buyer sell tho
above will sco fair play at 1113* place on Monday, Nov.
27. corner of Harmon-court and Vlctoria-av. M. C.
BRADLEY.
A FORCED SALE OF HOURS—T riTENTT HEAD
nt auction on Wednesday, 29Ui hist., at 10 a. iu
iu rear of 315 State-st,
Fletcher lazear formerly of 41,43
mid 45 East Ramloljdi-Ht, -will rcMUinu i*u»*lnt‘,sH at
1 in lake front, on Tursilny, Nov, ss. tfltu
a full stork of carriage* and tho largest stock of har
ness lu tho city, ranging in price from sl4, upwards;
also blankets, robes, whips and all goods pertaining to
tin* trade. Give us a call; we sell cheaper than ever.
For sale— I two-seater sleigh, with
pole, at Wren’s Stable,on Fourtoeuth-st, between
Wabash and Michigan avs.
I JOB SALE-CHEAP, OR EXCHANGE FOR
piano, horse, top-baggy, and harness. LANE, 31
Park-av.
FOR SALE-TWO WHOLESALE NOTION WAG
our,medium size; Hoyt's Ithica-mado peddling
wagons, as good as new, for Rale cheap. MON a
ANDERSON «fc CO.. La Crosse, Wig.
For sale—the Cleveland lightning
Hod Company hare for sale 10 more good, service
able young horses. Wishing to dose out tbo balance
soon, wo are prepared to give some good bargains.
Call and rco them. O. P. BAKER, 48 St. JoUn-'s*
place, Wcat Side.
FOB SALE—TWO GOOD HORSES. FOR 1125
each; one open hnggy for one single sldgli aud
bdls tor $35; at bnm rear uf 1117 ImUana-av.
For sale—one coal box open buggy,
one shifting top, one two-seated carriage, one fight
double harness; also sleighs, cutters, and robes, nt
HA TUA WAY’S, GOO Stato-sL
FOU SALK—OB TRADE—FOR CARPENTER
work or lumber, a good mad horse, nearly new top
buggy, and harness. Must be sold. Horae, before tlio
file would tell fur ScQO. Address JOHANNES, Trib
bum? ollice.
FOU SALE— SO MULES AT 500 SOUTH UAL
sted-st., by D. LARNEY. Must bo sold os bo la to
leave town.
FOR SALE—a LARGE SIZE, IRON-GRAY COL
©red horse. Inquire nt ALLAN PINKERTON’S, 1
No. 65 West WftsMngton-st.
FOR SALE —OR EXCHANGE —KI« II T
draught horses I have Just brought from my farm;
will sell cheap, or exchange for boots and slmes, cloth,
lug, sowing maclducs, or lumber. Also, 100 acres of
fluo land, within two miles of Hue village and railroad
station, CO miles from thicago; would eichaugo for
any kind of personal goods. Call In rear of 310 liatri
toii-st, to-dny and to-morrow.
For sale—buookman dt skinner, iso
Twcntv-sccond rL, near State, are dally receiving
consignments of horses,buggies, lumber, farm and ba
sinets wagons, £e-
171 OR SALE-OR EXCHANGE FOR JEWELRY,
(invrnnd horse that will trot in 2:50; price *3W.
Address WILL, Tribmieotßce.
For sale—ssgood sound horses, cheap
cr than any place in this city; they must be sold;
be sure and call at 80 West Jackson-st. before you buy;
also two flue ponies.
For sale-cheap, a two-horse family
conch parties have no use for It since the Are, and
desire to well immediately. Call nt 46 West Lako-sC.
For SALE—SPLENDID TEAM OF HEAV\
horses, now coal wacon and liorocss, at a bargain.
BROOK MAN CO., 19J Twenty-aeeOßd-St.
I WOII BAI-E-BAY HORSE, HARNESS AND
-heavy blanket. Cost *250: for solo for *IOO. CHAB.
GOODMAN, northwest comer Clark and Washing
ton .fits.
For sale-ciikap, a good stylish
brown horse, 8 years old, English breed, weight
about I.loo pounds; w kind and gentle everyway;
well broke, single and double; tins been drove In tho
city lu single express wagon for tho past year.
Can be seen, with owner, at No. 41 Norton-st, between
Polk ami Gurlcy-sts, and between Uay-sU and Cen
tro av
For sale—a second-hand carriage
with pole aud shafts suitable for ono or two
horses for particulars apply 596 Michigan av.
For sale—a horse, wagon, harness,
sleigh, and saddle. Also, 100 A No. 1 good cheese.
Inquire at No. 90 South Cliniou-at.
HOUSK Tl AUXtCU *.KT> DRLIVUnV VTAOOrT
for sale- Horse G years old and sound. 310 West
Randolph-st.
mKAMS FURNISHED AT SHORT NOTICE
JL forhnnllng debris from the ruins, Band, brick.etc.
ami!? Nt the stable GOO West Madison st. PHILLIPS,
LOW CO.
"WANTED—I 6 OR 13 TEAMS TO DELIVER
T" coal; liberal inducements to good men and
Uatna. Apply to LEMMON CORNISH, ISO South
Conal-st. _ _
XITANTED—TWENTY DOUBLE TEAMS TO
Yf haul coal; men that arc acquainted in the city.
Mtnt have largo-wagons, amt engaso for steady work
for the winter. CHICAGO AND WILMINGTON
COAL CO., No. 2 West Van Bnrcn-st.
TpiTAItTED—A HOUSE AXD BUGGY TO Wlb-
TT tor forparlbil use of tho mmo by a responsible
ratty. Address MORNING AND EVENING, Tri
bune office.
"WANTED—A GOOD SUBSTANTIAL CUTTER,
IT cheap for cesh. Apply to C. S. DAVIS, 4 Mar
ket-ft.
■WANTED—TO PURCHASE—A GOOD SECOND
LY hand cutter, also rubes and bolls. Inquire at
Room l, 637 Wabash-av.
"Wanted—a second-hand top buggy
YY must be good and cheap. Address HILDSR,
care Tribune office.
XVTANTED—A GOOD EXPRESS WAGON 08
Y Y one-horse truck; also good feed, care, and sta
bling for? 0 more herscs at our farm, 12 miles out. C.
H. BECKWITH CO.
"WANTED—AN A 1 CUTTER. CHEAP; 'WILL
Y Y par cash. Apply at 133 West Washington, aftop
9 a. m., Monday.
"WANTED—TO EXCHANGE FOR A TEAM
YT ana carriage, 120 acres of good, fine land in Isa
bella County, Mich. Inquire at Room 1,537 Wabash
av.
"WANTED—A GOOD DOUBLE SLEIGH AND
YT robes. Cash gor a good bargain. Address
EQUUS, Letter Carrier No. 38.
"WANTED—TO PURCHASE SOME GOOD
Y Y teams, wagons, and harness. Will pay part cash,
and balance in real estate. HC, Tribune branch office,
469 Wabash-av
"WANTED—TO EXCHANGE NEW DOUBLE
YY wagon and harness for express wag* n and har
ness. Call at"2o2 Adams-et., two doors east of Green
st. COLE. _
"WANTED—A STRONG BUT VERY LIGHT
YY spring (or express) wagon, with a good, gentle
pony, at the BOSTON LAUNDRY, 237 South Hal
cted-st.
TIT ANTED—A LIGHT HORSE AND LIGHT
YT business wagon and harness. Call at 46 North
Sanparoon-sL, until Wednesday evening.
"WANTEE-A GOOD EXPRESS WAGON AND
YY»djarneß3 In exchange for a good horso. Would
Sy cash if a bargain. Call, or address, CS H, 145
utb Lcavitt-at.
NUMBER HI.
BOARD WANTED.
Board.— suite of front rooms and
poanl. with hot and e«ld water, clouts, Ac., near
Union Park, for two gentlemen. Address T, c., 306
West Madison.
Board and kuom. fur two gentlemen,
on West Side; two single beds dcslreil, room
wamud and lighted. house modem, dinner at noon.
State pi ice and accommodations. Address \Tm. M. H.,
Tribune office.
Board.— young lady desires board in
a family when* tuition in music of one or two
pupils will bo considered as part equivalent for the
same. Addre-a ALICE BARNES. 191 Soutli Hoymsst
Board— a gentleman wishes board
and rooms for himself, wife, and child (l year old),
in neighborhood of Twenty-tlrst and Twcoty-seconn
sts.; U Mfited would be permanent; price* tosuittho
times. Address F, care Carrier 40.
BOARD-BY A YOUNG MARRIED LADY. IN
a strictly private family, in suburbs of the city.
Rifertncea given and required- Address? stating
t« ms M P. Tribune office, West Side.
Board— by a gentleman, wipe, and
cliild <7 years) on West Side, with famished rooms.
Address, giving teims and location, H c. Tribune
office.
Board— and a pleasant room or suite
of rooms, north of Twenty-fourth-st on the South
Side, in a private family or wr ere tl ere are few board
ers, l.y a single gentleman; is willing to pay a good
price if suited. Address COMFORTABLE, Tribune
office.
Board-a gentleman music teacher,
sufferer by the tire, would like some scholars In a
private family to teach for his board over winter. Can
furnish nnqncstionab'e references as to ability, etc.
Address TEACHER, Tribune office.
BOARD— BY A LADY.-ATE tCHER, IN A PUT
vate family south of Elglitcenth-st. and east of
State. Address A R, care Carrier W.
Board —a suite of rooms, with board.-
for gentleman, wife, and son. within four blocfcs
of comer of Madison and Habited st*. Address, stat
ing terms and location. ADDIuON, International, iSd
West Madison-st.
Board— and lodging in a private fam
ily, or where there are few boarders, by a young
man, cast of State s!., not over five minutes’walk from
State and sixteenth-sis. Unexceptionable references.
Address, with terms, etc.. ECONOMY, Tribune office.
Board— fop. s people—i rooms for 2
•weeks—near to Thirteenth st. ami Wabash av.
Address c C, Trcmont House, Chicago.
BOARD-BY TWO YOUNG GENTLEMEN TN'A
private family, within fifteen minutes’ walk of
Canal ami Wasbuigtou-sts. Address X A, Tribune
office.
Board— by a young married couple, in
a private family, on the South Side—a young
married couple who have spare room preferred. Pleas
ant location and cgrceablu society on object. Address
S ILTribnneoffice.
Board— for self, wife, and child <2}
years ehl) In a nut-class family 1 laving two front
rooms, with hot and cold water in the house will fur
nish rooms if necessary; must be east of Part anti
west of Ann st.. Washington. preferred in the vicinity
of sheldrn will be permanent if suited, and will pay
#2O a week prompt. Address P. CASH, Kooml, ISO
Washington st.
BOAIU —BY GENTLEMAN AND WIFE. ON
jhe West Side, In pleasant locality, at imslcrato
pi ices. Please address, staling terms, X C 4, Tribune
office.
Board— two young gentlemen want
to pay (or less) for accommodations In private
family not further west than Peoria-st. Address RIF
PIN. Tribune office
BOAFD-FOR MYSELF, WIFE, NURSE, AND
child, on the West Side, and where there aro no
other boarders. W. C. REYNOLDS, 176 West Wasli-
Ingion-st.
Board— by a young gentleman and
wife, in a private family. Will furnish all except
carpets, but'will require gas and tire. A permanent
home wanti d. Address, with location and tonus, N
a K, Tribune office-
Board —and lodging for the winter,
by tw'o young ladles (school teachers). Terms mod
erate. Aduiess, with particulars, M-< 4 C, Tribune
office.
Board-comfortable furnisheDjßOom,
with boanl, near the comer of WPnlton and Lin
culn-sta. Address J EW, Tribune office.
Board— in a private family for a
gentleman, wife, and child, north of Twenty sec
oml-bt., and east of State-sL Address R W, Tribune
Branch office.
Board— with pleasant room, for
nishod or unfurnished, on Wabash or Mlchl
an avs, or cross streets between, north of Eigh
teenth. Address JUDSON, Tribune Branch office, 4£)
Wnbneh-av.
Board— and room by a gentleman;
location, Harr*son and Twelfth-sts- Mlchlgau-av.
audStnto; no objection to roommate; terms most bo
reasonable. Address Box 530 Post Office.
Board— a gentleman and his wipe,
from the East, desire handsomely furnished front
looms, with tirst-class boanl. in n private family resid
ing on the South Side. Address CARROLL, Branch
Tribune office.
BOARD-A PARTY OF FIVE, GENTLEMAN’
wife, and daughter of 12, and gentleman ami wife!
wisli two suites of furnished rooms, with full boanl’
house with modem improvements and north of Twen*
tysixth-«L; terms must be moderate, and would pro*
ler n party taking other boanlers; unquestionable
reference given; a good homo-like place is all that is
desired Address 9 S, Brunch. Tribune office, 4<?J
Wabsish-av.
Board— and furnished room for qen.
tlenmn and wife. Sonth Fide. vortJi of Twmitietli
st.; gpodaccnniniodationsaud a nhvwijit hnmadu.iw
giving-'location, stvle of room, and price per
week, CHARLES, Adams* Express Company, 46G \V:i
bnsh-nv.
BUSINESS CHAHGEB.
A FIRST-CLAPS RESTAURANT FOR SALE,
situated In the best baslnessnart of the city,
count of sickness. Address hi K, Tribune office.
An old and well established drug
store, doing a large business, in one of> the best
localities in the city for sale. A splendid opportu
nity Inquire of GREENE DICKSON, attorneys.
45 Ilubbard court.
A MERCHANT FLOURING MILL IN TUECITY
of Minneapolis, Minnesota, in consequence of
the recent death of one of the owners, is ofi'erod lor
sale, or exchange for city property. The mill has font
run of four-foot burrs, and is In perfect order. The
business is now, and has always been, highly remuner
ative, the brands being well-known, very popular, and
meeting a ready sale in all Eastern markets. For fur
ther information address 11. B. HANCOCK, Minneap
olis, Minn.
A LARGE S A LOON .AN D BOARDING HOUSE
at North Chicago Rolling Mill lor sale. Epply at
lit North Cminl-st.
Business for sale—i will sell for.
cash or exchaimo fur real estate In Chicago, uno
half Interest in ray produce and grain commission lm
ahiess, establluhed In iSfIS; protits hist year nearly
$10,000; reasons for sidling: going to build and uuv.o
too much business to attend to. Address, for particu
lars, COMMISSION PARTNER, Trilmno ofllco.
DRUGSTORE FOR SALE—FIRST-CLASS, OLD
established, beautiful fixtures, well selected and
fresh stock, doing a first-rato cash business; long
lease; ill health cause of sale. Address MEDCALFE
CO., Pekin, 111.
CIGARS-FIRST-CLASS CIGAR STAND FOR
sale—Xeavinp America reason for selling; a de
cided bargain. -Address LEVOL, Tribune ofllce.
FIRST-CLASS SALOON ON THE WEST SIDS
for sale. Gallon Monday at 7G Blue Isbmlav.
IVIR&T-OLASS GROCERY FOR SALE ONAVBST
3lndisnn.-Ht-, centre of business. Address MER
CER, Tribnno ofllce.
I7OR SALE—A STOCK OP HARDWARE. TIN
ware, tinners* tools, and stove fixtures, at 3U7 and
SbTJ West Lake-fit.
Grocery stoke on van p.ubrn-st. for
sale cheap, or will take lu a partner. Inquire of
XORAN BUCKLEY, Attorneys at Law, 15i West
Madisen-6t., Room t
Grocery for sale-good corner, paved
streets, first-class neighborhood, full stock, trade
all cash. West Side, near centre of Imsluoss. 1L KEN
NEDY «t CO., i;; 3 west Madison-fit.
Hotel to rent—cozzens* hotel, oma
ps, Nebraska; best hotel west of Chicago; con
tains 70 rooms; possession November L For partic
nlars. terms, etc., address SETH W. HALE. 23 Broad
eh. New York, or QEO. P. BHMIB, Omaha, Nebraska.
LKASEOPA FIRST CLASS SALOONFOR SALK,
with or without fixtur* s, on Blue Island-ar. Well
suited for any business. Also for sale or to exchange,
a good business lot on Canal-st, for a house and F*t
(residence) worth from $5,000 to $7,000. PHILLIPS
CHANDLER, $5 West Madison st.
Lease, stock and fixtures op notion
nud confectionery store fur sale; living room for
family. No. 1 location. Apply at 757 West Lakc-st
TYTEWSPAI’ER FOR SALE—ONE OF THE OLD
JLx est established and lK»st paying country newspa
pers in Central Illinois, with complete Job office; only
Republican paper in county; located m a flourishing
eitvof 3,0(0 population; countv seat; three railroads;
fine and mindly increasing patronage. Price Sa,(W;
half down, balance on time. For particulars address
HARDER, LUSE <fc CO., Chicago Type Foundry.
ONE-TUIRD INTEREST IN A WELL-ESTAB
listed and reputable drug business for sale, lo
bated In one of tin best tiioma fin tho C., n ii u
’trial stock *s,5W. Enquire of LORO, SMITH Co.,
Waabingtomst., near Michigan-av.
T>MNTING OFFICEFORPALE IN TIIE CITY
Jl cf New York; lias a Hoe and a Campbell cylinder
aiid lF° Gordon presses, and about a» fonts <*f modem
Vr>ok acdjob type. In crxxl onler. Price *7.OV); terms
cash AdOtC* H JAMES CONNER’S SONS. U. S.
Type Foundry, Cent!? ahd Readc-sta., New York.
"DESTAURANT for sale-doing a good
Xt> bu.slue.ss, incatinn centnd, rent low; bargain. In
quire at 416 South State-st.
SMALL STOCK OF DRY GOODS AND NOTIONS
and fixtures for tale. Lowest rent In the city;
desirable location. A bargain if taken this wee Ic. la
quire on premises. No. 428 West Madhum-st.
FINANCIAL.
I WILL LOAN MONEY ON FURNITURE,
warehouse receipts, watched, diamonds, Ac,, JAB.
B, STOREY, 101 South Cllnton-st. _____
I WILL LOAN MONEY AT VERY REASON*
able rates on diamonds, watches, silverware, and all
other private property. CONFIDENTIAL CASH,
Tribune office. _____
Loans on mortgages, notes, wabe
honse receipts, country collection i*aner, and lease
hold property. L. R. CAfcSWELL, 378 State-st.
Money to loan on diamonds, watches.
pianos and other valuable personal property; the
same bought. TUNNICLIFF, 422 V\ tst Jackmm-St.,
fermerij* 133Dearl>om*fit.
Money to ioan in sums to suit «»n
Clficago real estate, without filingfornewuties
or legislation. C. J. HAMTILKTON, 1» West Wash
ington-fit.
Money to loan on diamonds or good
personal property (some bought) at ISS West Mud-
Isdu-st., Room 12. _
OCCIDENTAL INSURANCE COMPANY. WE
an* sending a man to California to investigate the
affairs of this concern, ami will pav cash for claims,
and tluwo holding policies will please call on a
JAMES BAXTER CO.. 25 South Canai-st.
TO LOAN—4I2,OOO TO LOAN ON PROPERTY
in South Bhlo burnt district. Moner on hand—no
delay. WIL D. KERFOOT <fc CO., 89 East Washkig.
ton-tfL
TO LOAN-MONEY ON IMPROVED FARMS
In Illinois lor a term of years. Address
DON «fc WATERMAN, SCO Mlchigan-av.
YTTANTED —TO PURCHASE ADJUSTED
claima on the Republic Insurance Co. at highest
market price. Address CASH, Tribune office.
TKT ANTED—S>,OOO FOR 3 YEARS, WILL PAY 9
V percent amlsnmll cemmUwlons. Security, In
side Improved property, A. H, SHELDON. No. 3CO
Wet>t Madison at.
\\T FOB 6 YEARS CN INSIDE
T improved property; will par 8 per cent and par
cent commission. Address CD, Tribune office.
BOARD IHQ iHD lOOQQtQ,
M
1 NORTH REUBEN-ST.—
parlor and bed room with boardl front
1 A SIXTEENTH-ST.—A LARGE ROOM AND
"XI/ boanlfor twj; x'so, a few tablj Loardera ro
ferences exchanged.
ELLIS PARK, NEAR DOUGLAR-PL ACE-1
.X V A few persons can have first-class day board.
n UNION PARK PLACE.—BOARD I-OUGEN
tleman and wife, with suite of froa; rr-oms, for
fished. Also, a good barn to rent.
QA ABERDEEN-ST. ONE LAR >B PR i.Vp
01/ room, and one suite of front rones, win all
modern improvements. Location very c-ntral; Uwc
class accommodations: and or two da I carder* ac
commodated.
AK soutbssank-st.-a suite op fub
r±,o nlshed ire unfurnished fr mt ruems, with board;
ateo, partially darkened sleeping rooms for single gen
tlemen.
KO SOUTH KALSTEDST—ONE FURNISHED
tit) room to rent with bormt. Terms reasonable.
KK BANDOI PH-ST.. FRONT Riii.U. UP
stairs.—Very doslrab.e rooms, with board,for
gentlemen, can be had-on the West Side.
sr? NOR J TH MAY-ST.— TWO FURNISHED
uieakiSt 18101 l 0d erß; won^l supper aad
(iQ WE>T MONKOE-ST.—TURE-E OR FOUR.
Vn ean W accommodated with mon»
and bouri. and also with day board.
K n SOCTHMOMJXST, VSY ONtWISUIMt
to a with K'io.l ho,ml. in a marble trout
limisp. f iillrrly r.tiv furniture, will please rail or tut
tin's, 1L as above.-
fjty SANGAMON-ST., FEW DOOB& SOUTH OF
i MadisonsU—4 gentlemen can be accommodated
with first-rate Poanl,. and good rooms. A tew day
boarders wanted.
Q A SOUTH PAULINA-ST.. HALF BLOCK. FROM*
OX street cars; rorjny to rout, furnished or na
lurv-hhed, with board.
Q7 WEST MADISON-ST—BOARDING BY TUB
if 1 duyaudveck* Good board oud charges reason-,
OC ASHLAND-AV.-A GENTLEMAN AND
if O wife or two single gentlemen can beaccomnto
dated with a furnished or untumL-hed room and board,
In a private family; room lias all modem Improve
ments, and location first-class In every respect; refer
ences exchanged.
*1 LAKE-AV., NEAR WAHPANSEH.AV—
ivi Handsome front room, furnished, with closet,
bath, Ac., with good board,, for getU man and wile or
two gentlemen.
TJO SOUTH IIALSTED-ST—AFEWGENTLE
IIaI men can bo accomodated with good table
loan!.
no SOUTH JEFFERSON-ST—A FUKNIrH-
J-Xu ed front- room with board for gentleman ami
wife or two single gentlemen..
l OO COTTAGE CR&VE-AV.-A FRONT ROOM,
XmI«I handsomely famished; with- first-class board.
References r cquired.
T OO SOUTH SANGAMON ST.—A PLEASANT
JLroom to rent, with board, for two gentlemen.
A A RUCKER ST.—TWO GENTLEMEN CAN"
-L~fc~fc bo accommodated with board amltoulglag.
Ot frr maxwellst.-board, with or
mXI without rwmsi*/or gentlemen.
OQK WASIIINGTON-ST.-ONE TIJFUBMBH.
—Ocr etl mm to v rcnt, with board. Day boarders
non mmodated.
CALUMhT-AV —ONK OR TWO ClUM
•■dcu hers, well furnished, with or without bo.mU
tor gentlemen. Hot ami cold water. Ram fur horso
anti buggy.
OKI 1 PARK-AV.—A SUITE Op FURNISHED
LO X 2 front rooms*, with gas and board lu a pel.
vste family. A Do,, furnished room with Sunday meals.
0n,4 MICHIOAN-AV.—TWO WELL FUBKIsB-
eil rooms for rent, withbianl; one single
room, the other suitable- for two gentlemen. Would
acconnuodate’a fewday boanlers; references given ami
reijidrcd
OOQ FULTON-ST.—FURNISHED ROOM FOR
Jmixjfj gentleman and wlfe,xir two single gentlemen*
with bonid. References exchanged
pfTK WEST VAN RUREN-ST.-GOOD BOARD
i fj and pleasant furnished room, for two gentle
mon. iu a small family without children. Terms muni,
crate.
001 MTCniGAN.AV.—PARTIES WISHING
4'Ou: one or two furnished rooms, with board, can.
be accommodated.
QD fT Ml CUIGAN-AV-, NEAR PECK-COURT—
AiOfJ A large, well-furnished mom, suitablefortwi>
gentlemen, with Itoanl, on moderate terms.
p(\A CALUMKT-AV.—THREE GENTLEMEN
alt/ er.n find two nicelr-fumished bedrooms, tin*
and pas, with good boanl; no other boarders; terms
reasonable.
OnO FULTON-9T., BETWEEN CURTIS AND
AdUU May.—A suite of front rooms, nnfuraishod*
and single room, furnished, in private family.
Q*| A WEST ADAMS-ST.—TWO PARLOR
«_> JLtt chambers, with board.
QOt> Wi>T VAN BUREN ST.—THREE HAND
soincly furnished rooms to rent,with drat
class boanl, for gentleman and wife or single gentle*
nun.
Qt>Q VAN BUREN-ST. TWO ROOMS TO
rent with boanl. for gentleman and wife, oc
single gentlemen. Also, one single room. Day board
ers nccennmxhttcd. Cars pass the door.
OR C WEST RANDOf.rn-ST, THREE DOORS
000 cast of Aun-sl—l Isirgrfurnished twin, suitable
for a gentleman uud lady, or two gents; also t single
room.
Oftft WEST MADISON ST.—FURNISHED OR
OOv unfurnished rooms, with board. Terms
reasonable.
Oft *1 WEST MONROE-ST. FURNISHED
OUX rooms for gentlemen, with or without board.
Also day boarders wanted.
3K MICUIOAN-AV.-FOU RENT. ONE NICE
t JL ly furnished front room, suitable for two.
with or without board.
3rr A MICHIGAN-AV.—LARGE AND SMALL
I *x rooms, fnrnlshcd and unfurnished, to rent*
on Nov. 27, with unexceptionable board and attend
nnce. Higkeat reference given.
A KA MICHIOaK-AV HANDSOMELY FUR-
tfcfjrr nislicd family rooms to rent with boanl; also
single room for gentleman a few day boarders can.b»
accommodated.
4G9 hot air*
on lirat and second doors. References required.
QtT STATE-ST.—BOARDING BY THE DAY,
ttO I fur gentlemen only, fur ft a week; good ta-
/<QO BUBNSIDBST, BETWEEN TWENTY
ninth and Thirtieth-sts.—One block westoC
State fit. cars; good rooms, with first rate accommoda
tions, for married or single gentlemen, at lowest
prices.
KQX WEST MADISOM-ST—ACCOMODATION
OOt) forafew gentlemen. Dinner at 6 and Unit-class,
References exchanged.
£*{\E MICHIOAN-AV.—UNFURNISHED
Dvu rooms with board for rent. Also a few day
boarders.
AiQ MICHIGAN-AV.—A SMALL PRIVATE
family desire to rent parlor and bedroom i»a
second floor, with unexceptionable board, to gentle
man and wile: only parties willing to pay a remunera
tive price need apply.
WAQ FULTON-ST.,BETWEEN LINCOLN AND
i KjO Robey—l leaaant front rooms, with-modem
conveniences andlirat class board.
*7 Ci A WABASH-AV. ENTIRE SECOND
i Utt floor, three pleasant rooms. Largo closets, un
furnished, with full board, suitable for family or party
of trlvads.
WABASH-AV. PLEASANT ROOMS,
i O 4 furnished, or unfurnished, to rent, with
beard, in private family, to gentleman and wife orsin
gle gentleman. References required.
rim* MICHIGAN-AV.—ROOMS AND BOARD;
1 iI) house with modem improvements; location
pleasant and convenient; references given and re
quited.
0171 WABASH AV .-HANDSOMELY FUR-
Oil nlshed front rooms, with largo closets. In tho
new (cast front) brick house, with board, Just south Of
Eightcenth-st.
817 Q WABASH-AV. -ROOMSTO RENT. WITH
i Q board. Day boarders accommodated.
1 AQi WA BASH-AV.—ONE LARGE. NICELY
ivOdb fnmlahcd room; also, oue smaller one,
with board; near Twenty-fourth-st.
VIH PRAIRIE-AV.—LARGE FURNISHED
llil. room with closet, with board for two gen
tlemen. A few day boarders accommodated. Ref
erences exchanged.
11QO WABASH-AV.—A OENTLE3IAN AND
JLlOil wife, or two single gentlemen-can find
pleasant rooms, with board. Dinner 0 o’clock-
n d j prairie-av.-a suite op rooms,
JL_L 0-3b elegantly furnished, with gas, for a gentle*
man and wife, or foiirgeutlemcn, with board.
A SUITE OF UNFURNISHED FRONT ROOMS
to rent, with register,/grate, marble mantel,
stationary wariistand, hot and cohl water, etc-with
board; also one handsomely furnished room. Address
UNION PARK, Tribune ofllce.
American house, desplainbs, 45 min.
ntofl* ride; you can find a good tiblo, comfortablo
moms, and a pleasant home; terms, $5 to f7 per week,
$2 per day. Fur particulars address J. H- GRAY, pro
prietor, or coil at 112 West Randolph-fit., Boom 1.
Boarding— for man and wife that
can rlay euchre, lu Ravenswood, 20 minutes’
ride on Milwuaxee Rond. WM. A. TRAVIS, 62 Canal
st, Rccm tt#
First-class board and elegantly fur
nished room for gentleman and wife ortwo gen
tlemen, on South Side, near Dougbts Place, one b’oek
from steam and horse cars. Address B -M. Tribuno
office.
Front alcove room, unfurnished, to
teat, with board, iu a private family. Parties
wishing cheap board need not apply. Address PJ.
Tribune office.
H ALBEIT—tO MINUTES’ RIDE FROM CHI.
cago, largo front room, furnished, on first Uoor,
with board; very convenient for afiy one doing busi
ness on West tilde, Aiblrft6«--J> aot»-n,-i»-Ww»
\s asbir.fiton-st.
T HAVE A SUITE OP FRONT ROOMS NEAR
jl business that 1 will rent to two or three gentle
men, with beard, in a small private family, where
there there are two boarders. Please addiess C ES,
Tribiineofflce,
Michigan av„ near
A finite o! front rooms, on Second floor, famished
cr Ttnlnirl'lcd, to rent, with board. Address HV,
Tribune office.
ON ONE OF THE AVENUES, NEAR TWENTV
■foruth-fit. hi ft beautiful location, and boose first*
class, n few t>eleet Imanlcrs will lx> taken at a living
price only. Address Z LB, Branch Tribune office.
THE MITCHELL MOUSE IN HYDE PARK
has first-class accommodations. and Is convenient
for business men in city. Terms moderate. Railroad
fare 12} cents.
'TTTANTED —TO BUY A FEW ADJUSTED
TV claims against the Republic Insurance Com
pany: also adjusted policies on some of the suspended
Chicago companies. C. S. BATES, 30 North
Boom 1.
*\TTANTED— TO BORROW &OCO FOR ONE TEAR
TT upon good real estate. The party loaning soma
can obtain a situation as imokkeeper at a good salary
in lieu c Interest. Address W T, Tribune branch of*
flee. 469 Wabash-nv.
Ckftfl AAA TO LOAN IN SUMS TO SUIT,
v?Ol/»v"”for€0 or 90days, on good security;
Secured paper bought and told. A. 11. LOWY, Sll
Wnbaslvay.
WANTED TO PURCHASE ABOUT s&>
«T worth cf furniture, carpets, etc. Mustbegocm.
will give SIOO cash and real estate at cash price, or se
curity by real estate for balance •at six months, An
dress B C Tribune branch office, 4gMiahasha^^^
Kortlsav. --_■———————
WTTANTED—TO SELL, FOR CASH, A NEARLY
AV new tatr-wated Rootawar, or 1 would trade loc
JENKINS. SfllLnmbcr-st.
titaSTLD-TO EXCHANGE A FOUH-SBAT
\Y Bockawny tliat has beeu used some, tor a new pc
uearlr new Bockaway. Par difference la
caslu E. JENKINS. 82 Twenty-second at.'.
iWILL BUY A GOOD SIZED BLACK
r)OD pom*. 3 yearn old, and twmnd; ahe is good la
boggy ana under the saddle. Can be seen at 537 West
Cldcago av.
FINANCIAL.
HOUSEHOLD GOODS.
HOBSZS Aim carriages^