title: For a Kiss
author: Clement Clarke Moore
date: 1846
source: Museum of the City of New York, Poetry Manuscript Book of Clement C. Moore, accession 54.331.1 (7662), notebook pp. 110; transcribed by Mary S. Van Deusen, henrylivingston.com, fetched via the Wayback Machine: https://web.archive.org/web/2024/https://www.henrylivingston.com/xmas/livingstonmoore/mooreforakiss.htm
form: anapestic tetrameter couplets
lines: 20
attribution: certain
notes: MS heading: 'To a very young lady who sent me a kiss. 1846.' Light-gallant thank-you verse; the second anapestic-tetrameter poem in the notebook. Transcriber's emendation '[h]and' (last line) unbracketed. Site line count 20 agrees. Not listed in the site's Jackson phoneme data set (data/favoredphonemes/moore/), consistent with Jackson (2016) reportedly treating the MCNY notebook poems as held-back Moore texts; not independently verified against Jackson's book.

Thousand thanks, my sweet girl, for the kiss that you sent!
And ten thousand times more for your heart's kind intent!
But, ah me! like a blossom too tender to last,
Ere it reach'd me, the freshness and fragrance were past.
There are kisses, 'tis true, may be sent where you choose;
But 'tis only because they've no sweetness to lose.
There are fruits which endure the approach of decay;
But the true zest of nature breathes fresh from the spray.
There are flowers, deep-tinted and rich of perfume,
That, when gather'd, awhile may continue to bloom;
But the flowrets of morn, breathing soft thro' the dew,
Lose their charms soon as pluck'd from the stem where they grew.
There are wines of a spirit so rich and so sound,
They improve to the taste as they go the world round;
While the exquisite flavor of some is so faint
That the vessel containing them oft gives a taint.
Then, believe me, whenever your gifts you would send,
Never trust them in charge of the faithfulest friend;
For their worth can be told and their sweetness made known
By no substitute's hand, by no lips but your own.
