: pia hsaig dA NAO ΠῚ rath sere teln ape birt sins 


ee 


> 


=. 
bao 


a) si 
tt lele 


* 
) 
ἀν ἘΣ 


οἶα τ ον 


t ft 


LS 


oe eas 


THE LIBRARY 
THE INSTITUTE OF MEDIAEVAL STUDIES 
TORONTO 


PRESENTED BY 


“eee! ν ery... Reverend. He..VEP? s..C of eee 


ἣ A CORR iy Pal ie 
- at (ite 
ps 


᾿ 5 ταν on a A ᾿ ὃ i ae ᾿ ; 


ST... ΜΝ CHA et) ἃ ᾿ | » ἢ 


COoLvEeae i 
Ὁ. ὁ. 5. 


THE LOEB CLASSICAL LIBRARY 
EDITED BY 
T. E. PAGE, Lirt.D. anp ὟΝ. H. Ὁ. ROUSE, Lirt.D. 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 
Ii 


DIO’S 
ROMAN HISTORY 


WITH AN ENGLISH TRANSLATION BY 
EARNEST CARY, Pu.D. 


ON THE BASIS OF THE VERSION OF 
HERBERT BALDWIN FOSTER, Pu.D. 


IN NINE VOLUMES 
II 


LONDON : WILLIAM HEINEMANN 
NEW YORK : THE MACMILLAN CO. 
MCMXIV 


0 
- 
» 


CONTENTS 


: 2. PAGE 
Mumm ON BOOK XII. . . 1 2. ee wt te 2 
DON MOOR KITT...) ww kk tt 54 
EN ES 5 rr 86 
Ru OOK XY .᾿. we kk kk wl ew) 182 
πε XVI... .....°... +2. + £186 
Seems Or BOOK XVII. .....2..5..% 6. 222 
MeeemeemeOrBOOK XVIII ............. «246 
πεν ΠΝ BOGOR XIX ........-..46+... 000 
ME OOK XX... , . .“...τ ων, 9582 
Deere OM BOOK KET ἘΣ 6 wk. Sb fe le oe τ 866 
τ π BOOK XXIT, ....2.2.2.+.2.... 408 
πο ΟἹ BOOK XXIII ......:..::.5 2... «448 
Mumgmmenre OF BOOK XXIV ........2.2.+.+42++-. «422 
ee BOOK ταχὺν. . 2. . «τον ee te] 480 
emer OOK XXXVI .... . «τ... νὸν. 484 
Mumemremye On BOOK XXVIII .......2..4.2..++.~, . 444 
Meee Or BOOK XXVIII. ........++42., «2404 
WueemreOW BOOK XXIX .....4.2,...2.42.2.. «462 
FRAGMENTS OF BOOKS XXX-XXXV .......... £466 
FRAGMENTS OF UNCERTAIN REFERENCE ........ 9800 
πο WORUMEA TAND IT, .......:.-.. SOT 


Boag 


᾿ 
; ve Sad Pie ani 
re nk t 4) 
ἜΣ: 
‘ eri . 
Ἵ - > 
a? ‘ 
2 
‘he ᾿ 
᾿ Ἂν 
f 
φ “ἂν 
- 
7 
F 4 
DS § : 
γι Ss ΒΥ Ἧς 
ἝΝ oO γι τ Mt 
Sh Sar 9 - t a os 
, 
Ὶ 
7 ~ ~ . 
) τι 
᾽ 
- ? ᾿ 
Ww 
; 
: 
Ἶ 


oe 


mM am ὟΝ ἀν ie oy Ἶ k νον 


9 Ὁ: ἊΝ ὲ 
pe ὅν: ; Ἢ 
τ Srey rt / | ; 


* 
᾿ 
= 
ἢ ,* 
᾿ 
- ‘ : 


Ο5 ROMAN HISTORY 
FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XII 


emailed, 15. 

Τοὺς δ᾽ ὑπάτους ἐς τὴν Λιβύην στρατεύσασθαι 
ἐψηφίσαντο τόν τε Dacor τὸν ᾿Ατίλιον τὸν τοῦ 
“Ῥηγούλου ἀδελφὸν καὶ τὸν Μάλλιον τὸν Λού- 
κιον. ob ἐς τὴν “Σικελίαν ἐλθόντες τῷ Λιλυβαίῳ 
προσέβαλον, καί τι μέρος τῆς τάφρου συγχῶσαι 
εἰς, τὴν τῶν “μηχανημάτων προσαγωγὴν ἐπε- 
χείρησαν. καὶ οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι ὑπορύσσοντες τὸν 
χοῦν ὑφεΐλκον. ἐπεὶ δ᾽ ἠλαττοῦντο τῇ πολυ- 
χειρίᾳ, τεῖχος ἕτερον ἔνδον μηνοειδὲς ὠκοδόμησαν. 
καὶ οἱ μὲν ὑπονόμους ὑπὸ τὸν κύκλον εἰργάζοντο, 
ὅπως κατὰ τὸ διάκενον αὐτῶν ἱζήσαντος τοῦ 
τείχους εἰσπέσωσιν' οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι δὲ ἀ ἀντορύσ- 
σοντες πολλοὺς μὲν ἀγνοοῦντας τὸ γινόμενον 
ἐκδεχόμενοι ἔκτεινον, πολλοὺς δὲ καὶ πῦρ ἐν 
φρυγάνοις. εἰς τὰ “ὀρύγματα ἐμβάλλοντες ἔφθειρον. 
ἐπεὶ δέ τινες τῶν συμμάχων, τῇ τε παρατάσει 
τῆς πολιορκίας ἀχθόμενοι καὶ τῷ μὴ τὸν μισθὸν 
αὐτοῖς ἐντελῆ καταβάλλεσθαι, προδοῦναι τὸ 
χωρίον τοῖς Ρωμαίοις διεκηρυκεύοντο, ἐφώρασεν 
ὁ ᾿Αμίλκας τὸ βουλευόμενον, οὐκ ἐξέφηνε δέ, ἵνα 
μὴ πολεμώσῃ αὐτούς" χρήματα δὲ τοῖς ἄρχουσιν 
αὐτῶν “παρασχὼν καὶ τῷ πλήθει προσυποσχό- 
μενος ἕτερα, οὕτως αὐτοὺς ὠκειώσατο ὥστε μὴ 
ἀρνήσασθαι τὴν προδοσίαν, ἀλλὰ καὶ τοὺς τελευ- 
talous πρέσβεις ἐπανιόντας ἀπώσασθαι. οἱ πρὸς 
2 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 
FRAGMENTS OF BOOK ΧΙ 


Zonaras 8, 15. 

Tuey voted that the consuls, Gaius Atilius, brother 5.0. 250 
of Regulus, and Lucius Manlius, should make an 
expedition into Africa. These, on coming to Sicily, 
- attacked Lilybaeum and undertook to fill up a por- 
tion of the moat to help in bringing up the engines. 
The Carthaginians tried to dig beneath the mound 
and undermine it ; but when they found this to be a 
losing game, because of the numbers of the opposing 
workmen, they built another wall, crescent-shaped, 
inside. The Romans ran tunnels under this circular 
wall, in order that when it settled into the mine 
they might rush inside. The Carthaginians then 
built counter-tunnels and came upon many workers 
who were unaware of what the other side was doing; 
these they killed, and they also destroyed many 
by hurling blazing fire-wood into the excavations. 
Some of the allies now, burdened by the protraction 
of the siege and displeased because their wages were 
not paid them in full, made propositions to the 
Romans to betray the place. Hamilcar discovered 
their plan, but did not disclose it, for fear of driving 
them into open hostility; instead, he supplied their 
officials with money, and also promised some to the 
multitude. In this way he won their favour to such an 
extent that they did not even deny their treachery, 
but drove away the last envoys when they returned. 


3 


B 2 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 15. 


τοὺς ὑπάτους αὐτομολήσαντες γῆν τε ἐν Σικελίᾳ 
καὶ ἕτερ᾽ ἄττα ἔλαβον. 

᾿Ακούσαντες δὲ ταῦτα οἱ οἴκοι Καρχηδόνιοι 
πέμπουσιν ᾿Αρδέβαν σὺν ναυσὶ πλείσταις els τὸ 
Λιλύβαιον σῖτον ἀγούσαις καὶ χρήματα. καὶ ὃς 
χειμῶνα ἐπιτηρήσας εἰσέπλευσε. κἀκ τούτου 
καὶ ἄλλοι συχνοὶ καταίρειν ὁμοίως ἐτόλμων" καὶ 
οἱ μὲν ἐπετύγχανον, οἱ δὲ ἀπώλλυντο. 

"Eos μὲν οὖν ἄμφω παρῆσαν οἱ ὕπατοι, ἰσο- 
παλεῖς οἱ ἀγῶνες ἐγίνοντο: νόσου δὲ καὶ λιμοῦ 
τρυχόντων αὐτούς, καὶ τοῦ ἑτέρου οἴκαδε διὰ 
ταῦτα σὺν τοῖς ἀμφ᾽ αὐτὸν στρατιώταις ἀναχωρή- 
σαντος, ᾿Αμίλκας θαρρήσας ἐπεξήει καὶ τὰς 
μηχανὰς ἐνεπίμπρα καὶ τοὺς ἐπαμύνοντας αὐταῖς 
ἔφθειρε, καὶ ἡ ἵππος αὐτοῦ ἐκ τοῦ Δρεπάνου 
ὁρμωμένη Ta τε ἐπιτήδεια. κομίξεσθαι τοὺς Ῥω- 
μαίους ἐκώλυε καὶ τὴν αὐτῶν συμμαχίδα κατέ- 
TPEXE, Kal ὁ ᾿Αρδέβας ποτὲ μὲν τῆς Σικελίας, 
ποτὲ δὲ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας τὰ παράλια ἔκειρεν' ὅθεν οἱ 
“Ῥωμαῖοι ἐν ἀπορίᾳ κατέστησαν. τέως μέντοι 
Λούκιος Ἰούνιος ἡτοίμαζε ναυτικόν, Κλαύδιος δὲ 
Ποῦλχρος εἰς τὸ Λιλύβαιον ἐπειχθεὶς καὶ τριήρεις 
πληρώσας συνέλαβε δι᾽ αὐτῶν. ᾿Αννωνα τὸν Καρ- 
χηδόνιον ἐκπλέοντα πεντήρει:" καὶ παράδειγμα 
τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις τῆς κατασκευῆς τῶν νηῶν ἐγένετο. 

Πολλάκις δὲ τοῦ ναυτικοῦ κινδυνεύοντος ἐβαρύ- 


Ioan. Tzetzes, Exeg. in Hom. IL, p. 108. 
To ἕτερον μέρος τῆς οἰωνοσκοπικῆς Δίων Kao- 


BOOK XII 


Zonaras 8, 15. 
The latter then deserted to the consuls, and received 
from them land in Sicily and other gifts. 

The Carthaginians at home, hearing of this, sent 
Adherbal with a very large number of ships carrying 
grain and money to Lilybaeum. And he, after wait- 
ing for a storm, sailed in. Thereupon many others 
likewise attempted a landing, and some succeeded, 
while others were destroyed. 

As long as both consuls were present the conflicts 
were evenly matched. Pestilence and famine, how- 
ever, came to harass them, and these caused one of 
them to return home with the soldiers of his division. 
Hamilcar then took courage and made sorties, in 
which he would set fire to the engines and slay the 
men defending them; and his cavalry, setting out 
from Drepanum, prevented the Romans from getting 
provisions and overran the territory of their allies. 
Adherbal also ravaged the shores now of Sicily, now 
of Italy, so that the Romans did not know what to 
do. In the meantime, however, Lucius Junius was 
preparing a fleet, and Claudius Pulcher hastened to 
Lilybaeum, where he manned triremes and with 
them captured Hanno, the Carthaginian, as he was 
leaving the harbour on a five-banked ship. The 
prize craft served the Romans as a model in ship- 
building.! 

The fleet was so frequently endangered that the 


Ioan. Tzetzes, Exeg. in Hom. 1]., p. 108. 
The second method of augury is transmitted to us 


1 Polybius places this event at the beginning of the war, 
where it seems most appropriate. It is hard to say whether 
the confusion here is due to Zonaras, to Dio, or to the latter’s 
source. 

5 


B.C. 249 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 15-16. 
vovto ot Ῥωμαῖοι τῇ συνεχεῖ τῶν νεῶν φθορᾷ" 
ἄνδρας γὰρ συχνοὺς καὶ χρήματα πλεῖστα ἐν 
ταύταις ἀπώλλυσαν" οὐ μέντοι γε καὶ ἐνέδοσαν, 
ἀλλὰ καί τινα φθεγξάμενον περὶ καταλλαγῶν 
πρὸς Καρχηδονίους ἐν τῇ βουλῇ διεχρήσαντο, καὶ 
λεχθῆναι δικτάτορα ἐψηφίσαντο. καὶ δικτάτωρ 
μὲν ὁ Κολλατῖνος ἐλέχθη, ἱππάρχησε δέ γε ὁ 


Μέτελλος: οὐδὲν δὲ μνήμης ἔπραξαν ἄξιον. ἐν ᾧ 


“ 
z > \ 


3... 5 -» 

δ᾽ ὁ Κολλατῖνος δικτάτωρ ἐλέγετο, ἐν τούτῳ τὸν 

v / e.3 / «ς / 

Epuxa παρεστήσατο ὁ ᾿Ιούνιος, καὶ ὁ Καρθάλων 

/ » # \ > / Ν > / 

κατέσχεν Αἰγίθαλον καὶ ἐζώγρησε τὸν ᾿Ιούνιον. 

16. Τῷ δ᾽ ἑξῆς ἔτει Αὐρήλιος Γάιος καὶ Σερουί- 
Ψ \ b / 

Atos Πούπλιος τὴν ἀρχὴν λαβόντες TO τε ΔΛιλύ- 

βαιον καὶ τὸ Δρέπανον ἐλύπουν καὶ τοὺς Kap- 

χηδονίους τῆς γῆς ἀπεῖργον καὶ τὴν αὐτῶν συμ- 

¢ 5 / 
μαχίδα κατέκειρον. ὁ οὖν Καρθάλων πολυτρόπως 
ἐπιχειρήσας κατ᾿ αὐτῶν, ὡς οὐδὲν ἤνυσεν, εἰς 
ἶν ᾽ 
Ἰταλίαν ὥρμησεν, ἵν᾽ οὕτω τοὺς ὑπάτους μετα- 
γάγῃ ἐκεῖ ἢ τέως τὴν χώραν κακώσῃ καὶ πόλεις 
2 “ a 

aipnon. arr οὐδ᾽ ἐνταῦθά τι αὐτῷ προεχώρησε' 

τὸν γὰρ στρατηγὸν τὸν ἀστυνόμον μαθὼν πλη- 

σιάζοντα, εἰς Σικελίαν ἀνέπλευσεν. ἔνθα τῶν 


Ioan. Tzetzes, Exeg. in Hom. 1]., p. 108. 


σιος Κοκκηιανὸς παραδίδωσι, λέγων ὅτε κριθο- 
φάγους ἡμέρους κατέχουσιν ὄρνιθας καὶ τιθέασιν 
ἔμπροσθεν αὐτῶν κριθάς, ὅτε μαντεύονται. εἰ μὲν 
οὖν ἐσθίοντες οἱ ὄρνιθες οὐ πλήττουσι τοῖς 
ῥάμφεσι τὰς κριθὰς καὶ ἀπορρίπτουσιν, ἀγαθὸν 
τὸ σημεῖον, εἰ δὲ οὕτω ποιοῦσιν, οὐκ ἀγαθόν. 


BOOK ΧΗ 


Zonaras 8, 15-10. 


Romans were disheartened: by the constant destruc- 
tion of their ships; for in these they lost a good 
many men and vast sums of money. Yet they would 
not give yp; nay, they even slew a man who uttered 
a word in the senate about reconciliation with the 
Carthaginians, and they voted that a dictator should 
be named. Collatinus [Calatinus] was therefore 
named dictator, and Metellus became master of the 
horse ; but they accomplished nothing worthy of 
remembrance. While Collatinus was being chosen 
dictator, Junius had won over Eryx, and Carthalo 
had occupied Aegithallus and taken Junius alive. 

16. The next year Gaius Aurelius and Publius 
Servilius took office and spent their time in harrying 
Lilybaeum and Drepanum, in keeping the Cartha- 
ginians off the land, and in devastating the territory 
of their allies. Carthalo undertook many different 
kinds of enterprises against them, but, as he ac- 
complished nothing, he set out for Italy, with the 
object of drawing the consuls back there after him, 
or of injuring the country meanwhile and capturing 
cities. Yet he made no headway even there, and on 
learning that the praetor urbanus was approaching, 
sailed back to Sicily. His mercenaries now rebelled 


loan. Tzetzes, Exeg. in Hom. 1]., p. 108. 


by Dio Cassius Cocceianus,! who says that they keep 
tame birds which eat barley, and put barley grains in 
front of them when they seek an omen. If, then, in 
the course of eating the birds do not strike the barley 
with their beaks and toss it aside, the sign is good ; 
but if they do so strike the grain, it is not good. 

1 Dio may be supposed to have described this method of 


augury in connection with his account of the disaster of 
Publius Claudius Pulcher, omitted by Zonaras. 


7 


B.C. 248 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 16. 

μισθοφόρων στασιασάντων διὰ τὸν μισθόν, ov 

νοὺς μὲν ἐς νήσους ἐρήμους ἐκβιβάσας κατέλιπε, 
πολλοὺς δὲ καὶ ἐς τὴν Καρχηδόνα, ἀπέστειλεν. 
ὃ γνόντες οἱ λοιποὶ ἠγανάκτησαν καὶ νεωτερίσειν 
ἔμελλον. ὧν ᾿Αμίλκας, διαδεξάμενος τὸν Καρ- 
θάλωνα, πολλοὺς μὲν νυκτὸς κατέκοψε, Rao: 
δὲ καὶ κατεπόντωσεν. ἐν τοσούτῳ δ᾽ οἱ “Ῥωμαῖοι 
φιλίαν ἀίδιον πρὸς Ἱέρωνα, διεπράξαντο, καὶ 
TROL IEER ὁ ὅσα παρ᾽ αὐτοῦ ἐπετείως ἐλάμβανον. 

Τῷ ὃ ᾿ ἑξῆς ἔτει τοῦ θαλαττίου πολέμου δημοσίᾳ 
μὲν οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι ἀπέχοντο διὰ τὰς ἀτυχίας καὶ διὰ 
τὰ ἀναλώματα, ἰδίᾳ δέ τινες νῆας αἰτήσαντες, 
ὥστ᾽ ἐκείνας μὲν ἀποκαταστῆσαι, τὴν λείαν δὲ 
οἰκειώσασθαι, ἄλλα τε τοὺς πολεμίους ἐκάκωσαν, 
καὶ ἐς Ἱππῶνα Λιβυκὴν πόλιν εἰσπλεύσαντες τά 
τε πλοῖα πάντα καὶ πολλὰ τῶν οἰκοδομημάτων 
κατέπρησαν. τῶν δ᾽ ἐπιχωρίων τὸ στόμα τοῦ 
λιμένος διαλαβόντων ἁλύσεσιν, ἐν περιστάσει 
ἐγένοντο, σοφίᾳ δὲ καὶ τύχη περιεγένοντο. σπουδῇ 
γὰρ ταῖς ἁλύσεσι προσπεσόντες, ἐπεὶ προσά- 
ψασθαι αὐτῶν ἔμελλον οἱ ἔμβολοι τῶν νηῶν, 
μετέστησαν ἐς τὰς πρύμνας οἱ τοῦ πληρώματος, 
καὶ οὕτως αἱ πρῷραι κουφισθεῖσαι ὑπερῆραν τὰς 
ἁλύσεις, αὖθις δ᾽ ἐς τὰς πρώρας αὐτῶν μεταπη- 
δησάντων αἱ πρύμναι τῶν σκαφῶν ἐμετεωρί- 
σθησαν. καὶ διεξέδραμον, καὶ μετὰ τοῦτο περὶ 
τὸ Πάνορμον ναυσὶ Καρχηδονίους ἐνίκησαν. 

Οἱὲ δ᾽ ὕπατοι, Μέτελλος μὲν Καικίλιος περὶ τὸ 
Λιλύβαιον ἣν, Νουμέριος δὲ Φάβιος τῷ Δρεπάνῳ 
προσήδρευε καὶ ἐπεβούλευσε τῇ νησῖδι τῇ Ile- 
λιάδι καλουμένῃ, προκατειχημμένῃ παρὰ Καρχη- 
δονίων, στρατιώτας πέμψας νυκτός, οἱ τοὺς φρου- 


8 


BOOK XII 


Zonoras 8, 16. 


on account of their pay, whereupon he put a large 
number ashore on desert islands and left them there, 
and sent many more off to Carthage. When the rest 
learned of this, they became indignant, and were 
ready to mutiny. Hamilcar, Carthalo’s successor, cut 
down many of them one night and had many others 
thrown into the sea. In the meantime the Romans 
had concluded a perpetual friendship with Hiero, and 
they furthermore remitted all the tribute which they 
were accustomed to receive from him annually. 

The next year the Romans refrained officially from 
naval warfare, because of their misfortunes and ex- 
penses, but some private individuals asked for ships 
on condition of restoring the vessels but appropriat- 
ing any booty gained ; and among other injuries that 
they inflicted upon the enemy, they sailed to Hippo, 
an African city, and there burned up all the boats 
and many of the buildings. The natives put chains 
across the mouth of the harbour, and the invaders 
found themselves in an awkward situation, but 
escaped by cleverness and good fortune. They 
made a quick dash at the chains, and just as the 
beaks of the ships were about to catch in them, the 
members of the crews moved back to the stern, and 
so the prows were lightened and cleared the chains ; 
and again, when all rushed into the prows, the sterns 
of the vessels were lifted high in the air. Thus they 
effected their escape, and later near Panormus they 
conquered the Carthaginians on the sea. 

As for the consuls, Metellus Caecilius was in the 
vicinity of Lilybaeum, and Numerius Fabius was 
investing Drepanum, where he formed a plan to 
capture the little isle of Pelias. As this had been 
seized earlier by the Carthaginians, he sent soldiers 


9 


B.C. 247 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


43,25 Kal yap ἡγεῖτο δεῖν τόν τι δι’ ἀπορρήτων 
πρᾶξαι βουλόμενον μηδενὴ αὐτὸ τὸ παράπαν 
> , »>Q/ μὴ ov > , +) 
ἐμφαίνειν: οὐδένα yap οὕτως ἰσχυρόφρονα εἶναι 
ὡς ἀκούσαντά τι καρτερῆσαι καὶ σιωπῆσαι αὐτὸ 


1 ᾽ 7 “ xX 
TOVVAVTLOV, OOM ὧν 


ἐθελῆσαι, ἀλλὰ Kal πᾶν 

’ a \ \ > a / a 3... Ἁ, 

ἀπορρηθῇ τινὶ μὴ εἰπεῖν τι, τόσῳ μᾶλλον αὐτὸν 

3 - aN af a \ cf Ψ ὃ 

ἐπιθυμεῖν αὐτὸ ἐκλαλῆσαι, καὶ οὕτως ἕτερον Trap 
/ 

ἑτέρου TO ἀπόρρητον ὡς Kal μόνον μανθάνοντα 


φημίζειν.----Μὰχ. Conf. Flor. f. 1167 (M. p. 540). 


Zonaras 8, 16. 

\ / \ a τ ἃ \ 
ροὺς κτείναντες τὴν νῆσον εἷλον. ὃ μαθὼν 
᾿Αμίλκας ἕωθεν τοῖς διαβεβηκόσιν ἐπέθετο: οἷς 

a a / 

οὐκ ἔχων ἀμῦναι ὁ Φάβιος τῷ Δρεπάνῳ προσέ- 
/ > / a 

μιξεν, ὡς ἢ τὴν πόλιν δι’ ἐρημίαν αἱρήσων ἢ τῆς 

/ \ ᾽ / > / \ > 7 Xs ἢ 
νήσου τὸν ᾿Αμίλκαν ἀπάξων. καὶ ἠνύσθη τὸ ἕν' 

\ \ oe , > ΄, > \ 

φοβηθεὶς yap ὁ ᾿Αμίλκας ἀνεχώρησεν εἰς TO 

aA Vr ae 7 \ / / \ 

τεῖχος. καὶ ὁ Φάβιος τὴν Iedrdda κατέσχε, καὶ 

a ὔ 

τὸ μεταξὺ ταύτης καὶ τῆς ἠπείρου στενὸν καὶ 
a / 

TEVAY@OES τυγχάνον συγχώσας ἠπείρωσε, καὶ 

A fal / ΄“ 

ῥᾷον προσεπολέμει τοῦ τείχους ἐκεῖ ὄντος ἀσθε- 
4, 

veotépov. καὶ οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι συχνὰ παρελύπουν 

, / \ \ 
αὐτοὺς eis Σικελίαν τε περιπλέοντες Kal εἰς τὴν 
Ἰταλίαν περαιούμενοι. τοὺς δ᾽ αἰχμαλώτους 
ἀλλήλων ἄνδρα ἀντ᾽ ἀνδρὸς ἠλλάξαντο: τοὺς δὲ 
λοιπούς, ἐπεὶ μὴ ἦσαν ἰσοπληθεῖς, ἀργυρίου οἱ 
Καρχηδόνιοι ἐκομίσαντο. 

"Extote δὲ διάφοροι μὲν ὑπάτευσαν, οὐδὲν δὲ 
ἱστορίας ἔπραξαν ἄξιον: μέγιστον γὰρ οἱ Ῥω- 
! πᾶν Bs., πάνυ Mss, 

10 


BOOK XII 


For he thought it was requisite for a man who 5.6. 244 
wished to accomplish anything by secret means not 
to make the matter known to anyone at all. There 
was no one, he believed, so self-possessed as to be 
willing, when he had heard a secret, to persevere in 
maintaining silence; on the contrary, the more 
strictly a man might be forbidden to mention any- 
thing, the greater would be his desire to talk about it, 
and thus, as one man learned the secret from another, 
with the understanding that he was the only person 
to know it, he would divulge it.! 


Zonaras 8, 16. 

by night, who killed the garrison and took possession 
of the island. Learning this, Hamilcar at dawn at- 
tacked the troops who had crossed to it. Fabius, 
unable to defend them, led an assault upon Dre- 
panum, in order either to capture the city while 
deserted or to draw Hamilcar away from the island. 
One of these objects was accomplished, for Hamilcar 
in fear retired within the fortifications. So Fabius 
occupied Pelias, and by filling in the strait, which 
was a shallow one, between it and the mainland he 
made a stretch of solid ground, and thus conducted 
more easily his operations against the wall, which 
was rather weak at that point. The Carthaginians 
caused the Romans much annoyance also by sailing 
over to Sicily and making trips across into Italy. 
They exchanged each other’s captives man for man ; 
and those left over—since the numbers were not 
equal—the Carthaginians got back for money. 

In the period that followed various persons be- 
came consuls, but effected nothing worthy of record. 

1 Section 25 may refer to Hamilcar Barca’s plans for 


seizing Mount Eryx. 
Il 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 16-17. 
μαῖοι ἐσφάλλοντο ὅτι κατ᾽ ἐνιαυτὸν ἄλλους, εἶθ 
/ 5) 
ἑτέρους ἄρχοντας ἔπεμπον, ἄρτι τε τὴν στρα- 
/ / an fel 
τηγίαν μανθάνοντας τῆς ἀρχῆς ἔπαυον, ὥσπερ εἰς 
/ A 3 a 
ἄσκησιν σφᾶς, ἀλλ᾽ οὐκ εἰς χρῆσιν αἱρούμενοι. 
Οἱ Γαλάται δὲ τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις συμμα- 
fal \ “a lal 
χοῦντες, Kal μισοῦντες αὐτοὺς ὅτι κακῶς μετε- 
/ a 7 \ \ > 
χειρίξζοντο σφᾶς, φρουρίου τινὸς φυλακὴν ἐμ- 
/ a ς / 
πιστευθέντες, τοῖς “Ῥωμαίοις αὐτὸ προήκαντο ἐπὶ 
/ / \ a 
χρήμασι. μεταστάντας δὲ ἀπὸ τῶν Καρχηδονίων 
Γαλάτας καὶ ἄλλους τῶν σφῶν συμμάχων τινὰς 
οἱ Ρωμαῖοι ἐπὶ μισθοφορᾷ προσελάβοντο, μήπω 
/ / Pj Ρ / i 4 tt , 
πρότερον τρέφοντες ξενικόν. τούτοις οὖν ἐπαιρό- 
μενοι, καὶ ὅτι οἱ τὰς ναῦς ἔχοντες ἰδιῶται τὴν 
/ a“ a 
Λιβύην ἐπόρθησαν, οὐκέτι ἀμελεῖν τῆς θαλάσσης 
» > \ x δι \ / 
ἤθελον, ἀλλὰ καὶ αὖθις ναυτικὸν συνεστήσαντο. 
17. Καὶ Λουτάτιος Κατύλος ὕπατος ἡρέθη, καὶ 
τούτῳ συνεξεπέμφθη Κύιντος Οὐαλλέριος Φλάκ- 
> “ a > ΝΣ / , \ 
KOS ἀστυνομῶν. ot ἐς Σικελίαν ἐλθόντες Kal 
κατὰ γὴν καὶ κατὰ θάλασσαν τῷ Δρεπάνῳ προσ- 
an /, 
ἔβαλον, καί TL τοῦ τείχους κατήρειψαν: καὶ 
a / 
εἷλον ἂν αὐτό, εἰ μὴ τοῦ ὑπάτου τρωθέντος, περὶ 
ἐκεῖνον οἱ στρατιῶται ἀπησχολήθησαν. κἀν 
’ 
τούτῳ μαθόντες τοὺς πολεμίους οἴκοθεν ἥκειν 
A an \ 
ναυτικῷ πλήθει, “Avywvos ναυαρχοῦντος, πρὸς 
/ 
ἐκείνους. ἐτράποντο. καὶ ἀντιπαραταξαμένων 
> cal A n “ a «ς 
αὐτῶν ἄστρον τι λαμπαδῶδες ὕπερθεν τῶν Po- 
a) > \ , 
μαίων φανὲν ἐξ ἀριστερᾶς εἰς τοὺς Καρχηδονίους 
/ \ 
apbev ἐγκατέσκηψεν. ἐγένετο δ᾽ ἡ ναυμαχία Kal 


12 


BOOK XII 


Zonaras 8, 16-17. 


The Romans owed the majority of their reverses to 
the fact that they kept sending out from year to 
year different and ever different leaders, and took 
away their office from them when they were just 
learning the art of generalship. It looked as if they 
were choosing them for practice and not for service. 

The Gauls, who were acting in alliance with the 
Carthaginians, and hated them because they were ill- 
treated by them, abandoned to the Romans for money 
a position with whose defence they had been en- 
trusted. These Gauls and other allies of the Car- 
thaginians who had revolted from their service the 
Romans secured as mercenaries ; up to this time they 
had never supported a foreign contingent. Elated 
at this accession, and furthermore by the ravaging of 
Africa on the part of the private citizens who were 
managing the ships, they were no longer willing 
to neglect the sea, but again got together a fleet. 

17. Lutatius Catulus was chosen consul, and with 
him was sent out Quintus Valerius Flaccus, who was 
praetor urbanus. On coming to Sicily they assailed 
Drepanum both by land and sea, and demolished a 
section of the wall. Indeed, they would have cap- 
tured the town but for the fact that the consul was 
wounded and the soldiers were occupied in caring 
for him. In the meantime they learned that a body 
of the enemy had come from home with an im- 
mense fleet commanded by Hanno, and they turned 
their attention to these new arrivals. When the 
forces had been marshalled in hostile array, a star 
resembling a torch appeared above the Romans and 
after rising high to the left of the Carthaginians 
plunged into their ranks. The naval combat was a 


13 


B.C. 241 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 17. 

ἐπ᾽ ἀμφοῖν καρτερὰ δι᾽ ἄλλα τε καὶ ἵνα μὲν Kap- 
χηδόνιοι ἐς τελείαν ἀπόγνωσιν τοὺς Ῥω μαίους 
τοῦ ναυτικοῦ καταστήσωσιν, οἱ δ᾽ ἵνα καὶ τὰς 
ΠΡ» ἀνακαλέσωνται συμφοράς. ὅμως δ᾽ οὖν 
Ῥωμαῖοι τὴν νίκην ἤραντο" τὰ γὰρ τῶν Καρ- 
ἌΝΩ σκάφη, φορτία φέροντα πρὸς τοῖς 

ἄλλοις καὶ σῖτον καὶ χρήματα, ἐβαρύνοντο. 

‘Oo λννων διαφυγὼν εὐθὺς εἰς τὴν Καρχηδόνα 
ἠπείχθη. οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι δὲ θυμῷ ληφθέντες καὶ 
φόβῳ τὸν μὲν ἀνεσταύρωσαν, πρέσβεις δὲ πρὸς 
εἰρήνην τῷ Κατύλῳ πεπόμφασι. καὶ τῷ πρὸς 
βουλῆς ἣν τὸν πόλεμον καταλύσασθαι, ὅτι ἐπ᾽ 
ἐξόδῳ οὔσης αὐτῷ τῆς ἀρχῆς οὔτε Sv ὀλίγου 
ἐξαιρήσειν τὴν Καρχηδόνα. ἤλπιζεν, οὔτε τοῖς 
διαδόχοις τὴν δόξαν τῶν ἑαυτοῦ πόνων κατα- 
λιπεῖν ἤθελε. διὸ ἀνακωχὴν ἐποιήσαντο, καὶ 
χρήματα καὶ σῖτον καὶ ὁμήρους αὐτῷ δόντες, ἵν᾽ 
ἐς τὴν Ῥώμην πρεσβεύσωνται ἐπὶ τῷ Σικελίας 
τε αὐτοὺς πάσης ἐκστῆναι Ῥωμαίοις καὶ πάσας 
τὰς πέριξ νήσους ἐκλιπεῖν καὶ μήτε τῷ “Ἱέρωνι 
πολεμεῖν καὶ χρήματα τὰ μὲν ἅμα τῷ σπείσασθαι 
δοῦναι, τὰ δὲ καὶ ὕστερον, καὶ τοὺς μὲν ἐκείνων 
αὐτομόλους καὶ αἰχμαλώτους προῖκα ἐκπέμψαι, 
τοὺς δ᾽ ἑαυτῶν πρίασθαι. 

Τοιαύτη μὲν οὖν ἡ σύμβασις ὡμολόγητο" μόνην 
γὰρ τὴν τοῦ ζυγοῦ ἀτιμίαν ὁ ᾿Αμίλκας παρῃ- 
τήσατο. καὶ ὁ μὲν ταῦτα συνθέμενος καὶ τοὺς 
στρατιώτας ἐκ τῶν τειχῶν ἐξαγαγὼν ἀπέπλευσεν 
οἴκαδε πρὶν τοὺς ὅρκους ἐπενεχθῆναι, οἱ δ᾽ ἐν τῇ 
Ῥώμῃ τήν τε νίκην διὰ βραχέος ἔμαθον καὶ 
ἐπήρθησαν ὡς παντάπασι κεκρατηκότες. καὶ 
τῶν πρέσβεων ἐλθόντων οὐκέτι κατέχειν ἑαυτοὺς 


14 


BOOK XII 


Zonaras 8, 17. 


vigorous one on the part of both nations, for several] 
reasons ; but in particular, the Carthaginians were 
anxious to drive the Romans into utter despair of 
naval success, and the Romans were eager to retrieve 
their former disasters. Nevertheless, the Romans 
gained the victory, for the Carthaginian vessels were 
impeded by the fact that they also carried freight, 
grain, and money. 

Hanno escaped and hastened at once to Carthage. 
But the Carthaginians, seized with wrath and fear, 
crucified him and sent envoys to Catulus regarding 
peace. Now he was disposed to end the war, since 
his office was soon to expire ; for he could not hope 
to destroy Carthage in a short time, and he did not 
care to leave to his successors the glory of his 
own labours. Hence, after they had given him 
money, grain, and hostages, they were granted an 
armistice, so that they might send envoys to Rome 
to sue for peace. The conditions were, that they 
should retire from the whole of Sicily, yielding it to 
the Romans, as well as abandon all the surrounding 
islands, that they should carry on no war with Hiero, 
and should pay an indemnity, a part at the time of 
making the treaty and a part later, and should 
return the Roman deserters and captives free of cost, 
while ransoming their own. 

Such were the terms agreed upon; for Hamilear 
succeeded merely in having the disgrace of passing 
under the yoke omitted. After settling these con- 
ditions he led his soldiers out of the fortifications 
and sailed for home before the oaths were adminis- 
tered. The people of Rome soon learned of the 
victory and were greatly elated, feeling that they had 
triumphed completely. And when the envoys arrived, 


5 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 17. 

ἠδύναντο, Kat τὴν Λιβύην ἔχειν ἅπασαν ἤλπιζον. 
διὸ οὐδὲ ταῖς τοῦ ὑπάτου ὁμολογίαις ἐνέμειναν, 
ἀλλὰ καὶ χρήματα αὐτοὺς πολλῷ πλείω τῶν 
ὑπεσχημένων ἐπράξαντο" καὶ ἀπηγόρευσαν σφίσι 
μήτε τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν μήτε τὴν ἔξω συμμαχίδα σφῶν 
μακραῖς ναυσὶ παραπλεῖν ἢ μισθοφόροις τισὶν 
ἀπ᾽ αὐτῶν κεχρῆσθαι. 

Ὃ μὲν οὗν πρῶτος τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις πόλεμος 
τοῖς “Ῥωμαίοις εἰς τοῦτο “κατέληξε τετάρτῳ ἔτει 
καὶ εἰκοστῷ, καὶ ἐπ᾽ αὐτῷ ἤγαγεν ὁ Κατύλος τὰ 
ἐπινίκια, Κύιντος δὲ Λουτάτιος ὑ ὑπατεύσας ἀπῆλ- 
θεν ἐς Σικελίαν καὶ μετὰ τοῦ ἀδελφοῦ Κατύλου 
πάντα τὰ ἐκεῖ κατεστήσατο" καὶ τὰ ὅπλα τῶν ἐν 
αὐτῇ ἀφείλοντο. Σικελία μὲν οὖν οὕτως ὑπὸ Ῥω- 
μαίων δεδούλωτο πλὴν τῆς ἀρχῆς τοῦ ἽἹέρωνος, ἐκ 
δὲ τούτου πρὸς τοὺς Καρχηδονίους φιλία ἣ ἣν αὐτοῖς. 

"Apdo δ᾽ αὖθις εἰς πολέμους ἑτέρους χωρὶς μετ᾽ 
ὀλίγον κατέστησαν. τοῖς γὰρ Καρχηδονίοις οἵ τε 
περίλοιποι τῶν μισθοφορησάντων. σφίσι καὶ τὸ 
δουλεῦον τὸ ἐν τῇ πόλει καὶ τῶν ὁμορούντων 
πολλοὶ πρὸς τὰς συμφορὰς αὐτῶν συνεπέθεντο. 
οἵ γε μὴν Ῥωμαῖοι ἐπικαλεσαμένων αὐτοὺς τῶν 
πολεμούντων ἐκείνοις, οὔθ᾽ ὑπήκουσαν, ἀλλὰ καὶ 
ἀντιπρεσβευσάμενοι καὶ μὴ δυνηθέντες καταὰ- 
λάξαι αὐτούς, καὶ τοὺς αἰχμαλώτους τῶν Καρ- 
χηδονίων ὅσους εἶχον ἀφῆκαν προῖκα, καὶ σῖτον 
ἔπεμψαν καὶ μισθοφόρους ἐκ τῆς οἰκείας συμ- 
μαχίδος αὐτοῖς ἐπαγαγέσθαι ἐπέτρεψαν, δόξαν 
ἐπιεικείας θηρώμενοι μᾶλλον ἢ τοῦ συμφέροντος 
αὐτοῖς προμηθούμενοι. ὅθεν πράγματα ἔσχον 
εἰσέπειτα' ὁ γὰρ ᾿Αμίλκας ἐκεῖνος ὁ Βαρχίδης, 


τό 


BOOK XII 


Zonaras 8, 17. 


they could no longer restrain themselves, and hoped 
to possess all of Africa. Therefore they would not 
abide by the terms of the consul; instead, they 
exacted from their foes a much larger sum of money 
than had been promised, and also forbade them to 
sail past Italy or their allied territory abroad in ships of 
war, or to employ any mercenaries from such districts. 

The first war between the Carthaginians and the 
Romans ended in this way, then, in the twenty-fourth 
year; and Catulus celebrated a triumph over its 
conclusion. Quintus Lutatius became consul and 
departed for Sicily, where with his brother Catulus 
he established order throughout the island; he also 
deprived the inhabitants of their arms. Thus Sicily, 
with the exception of Hiero’s domain, was enslaved 
by the Romans; and thenceforth they were on 
friendly terms with the Carthaginians. 

Both were soon again involved in other wars of 
their own. At Carthage the remnant of the mer- 
cenary force and the slave population in the city and 
many of their neighbours, taking advantage of the 
misfortunes of the state, joined in an attack upon it. 
The Romans did not heed the request of the rebels 
for aid, but sent envoys in return; and when they 
found themselves unable to reconcile the combatants, 
they released free of cost all the Carthaginian cap- 
tives they were holding, sent grain to the city, and 
permitted it to gather mercenaries from among their 
own allies. By this action they were rather seeking 
to gain a reputation for fairness than displaying a 
real interest in their own advantage, and this later 
caused them trouble. For after conquering his 
adversaries, Hamilcar Barca, while he did not dare to 

17 

VOL. I. ἕ 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 17-18. 
ἐπεὶ τοὺς ἐναντίους ἐνίκησεν, ἐπὶ μὲν τοὺς Ῥω- 
μαίους, καίπερ κάρτα μισῶν αὐτούς, οὐκ ἐτόλ- 
μησε στρατεῦσαι, ἐς δὲ τὴν ᾿Ιβηρίαν παρὰ γνώμην 
τῶν οἴκοι τελῶν ἀπῆρεν. 

18, ᾿Αλλὰ ταῦτα μὲν ἐγένετο ὕστερον, τότε δὲ 
καὶ οἱ Ρωμαῖοι Φαλίσκοις ἐπολέμησαν καὶ 
Μάλλιος Τουρκουάτος τὴν χώραν αὐτῶν ἐδήωσε. 
καὶ συμμίξας αὐτοῖς ἐσφάλη μὲν τῷ ὁπλιτικῷ, 
τοῖς δ᾽ ἱππεῦσιν ἐκράτησε. καὶ αὖθις αὐτοῖς 
μαχεσάμενος ἐνίκησε, καὶ τά τε ὅπλα αὐτῶν καὶ 
τὴν ὕππὸν Καὶ τῷ ἔπιπλα καὶ τὸ δουλεῦον καὶ τὸ 
ἥμισυ τῆς χώρας ἀφείλετο. ὕστερον δὲ ἡ μὲν 
ἀρχαία πόλις εἰς ὄρος ἐρυμνὸν ἱδρυμένη κατε- 

σκάφη, ἑτέρα δ᾽ ὠκοδομήθη εὐέφοδος. μετὰ δὲ 
τοῦτο ἐπολέμησαν αὖθις πολέμους πρός τε Βο- 
ουίους καὶ πρὸς Γαλάτας ἐκείνοις πλησιοχώρους 
καὶ πρὸς Λιγύων τινάς. τοὺς μὲν οὖν Λίγυας 
Σεμπρώνιος T'paxxos μάχῃ νικήσας ἐκάκου, Kal 
τοῖς κὰ αλάταις Πούπλιος Οὐαλλέριος συμβαλὼν 
τὸ μὲν πρῶτον ἡττήθη, εἶτα πυθόμενος εἰς ἐπικου- 
ρίαν αὐτοῦ τινας ἐκ τῆς Ῥώμης ἥ ἥκειν, ὁμόσε αὖθις 
τοῖς Γαλάταις ἐχώρησεν, ἵν ἢ καθ᾽ ἑαυτὸν νικήσῃ 
ἢ ἀποθάνῃ" τοῦτο γὰρ μᾶλλον ἢ ζῶν αἰσχύνην 
ὄφλειν προείλετο" καί πως κατὰ τύχην ἐκράτησε. 

Τότε μὲν οὖν ταῦθ᾽ οὕτως τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις συνήν- 
τησαν, καὶ Σαρδὼ παρὰ τῶν Καρχηδονίων ἀμαχεὶ 
χρήματά τε αὖθις ἔλαβον, ἐγκαλέσαντες αὐτοῖς 

Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 1312. 

Οἱ δὲ Λίγυες τὴν παραλίαν ἀπὸ Τυρσηνίδος 

μέχρι τῶν "Αλπεων καὶ ἄχρι Γαλατῶν νέμονται, 


ὥς φησι Δίων. 
18 


BOOK XII 


Zonaras ὃ, 17-18. 
make a campaign against the Romans, much as he 
hated them, nevertheless departed for Spain, contrary 
to the wishes of the magistrates at home. 

18. This, however, took place later. At the time 
under discussion the Romans made war upon the 
Faliseans and Manlius Torquatus ravaged their 
country. Ina battle with them his heavy infantry 
was worsted, but his cavalry conquered. In a second 
engagement with them he was victorious and took 
possession of their arms, their cavalry, their goods, 
their slaves, and half their country. Later on the 
original city, which was set upon a steep mountain, 
was torn down and another one was built, easy of 
access. After this the Romans again waged war 
upon the Boii and upon the Gauls who were neigh- 
bours of the latter, and upon some of the Ligurians. 
So the Ligurians were conquered in battle and harried 
by Sempronius Gracchus; in a conflict with the 
Gauls, however, Publius Valerius was at first defeated, 
but later, learning that troops had come from Rome 
to his assistance, he renewed the struggle with the 
enemy, determined either to conquer by his own 
exertions or to die—for he preferred death to living 
in disgrace—and by some good fortune or other he 
gained the victory. 

Such were the events, then, that befell the Romans 
at this time. They also secured Sardinia from the 
Carthaginians, without a battle, as well as a fresh 
supply of money, by charging them with injuring 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 1312. 

The Ligurians dwell along the coast from Etruria 
up to the Alps and to the Gauls, according to 
Dio. 

19 


c2 


B.C. 238 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 18. 

βλάπτειν σφῶν τοὺς πλέοντας" οὔπω γὰρ κρα- 
τυνθέντες οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι τὰς ἀπειλὰς αὐτῶν 
ἐδεδίεσαν: τῷ δ᾽ ἑξῆς ἔτει Λούκιος Λέντουλος καὶ 
Κύιντος Φλάκκος ἐπὶ τοὺς Γαλάτας στρατεύ- 
σαντες, ἕως μὲν ὁμοῦ διῆγον, ἦσαν ἀνανταγώ- 
νιστοι, ἐπεὶ δὲ διχῇ πορθεῖν τινα ἤρξαντο, ὡς 
οὕτω πλείω λείαν περιβαλούμενοι, ἐς κίνδυνον 
τὸ τοῦ Φλάκκου κατέστη στρατόπεδον, νυκτὸς 
κυκλωθέν. ἀλλὰ τότε μὲν οἱ βάρβαροι ἀνεκόπη- 
σὰν, προσλαβόμενοι δὲ συμμάχους χειρὶ πολλῇ 
ἐπὶ τοὺς “Ῥωμαίους αὖθις ἐχώρησαν. ἀπαντη- 
σάντων δὲ σφίσι ἸΠουπλίου τε Λεντούλου καὶ 
Λικιννίου Οὐάρου ἤλπισαν αὐτοὺς διὰ τὸ πλῆθος 
τὸ σφέτερον καὶ ἄνευ μάχης καταπλήξειν" καὶ 
πέμψαντες τήν τε χώραν τὴν περὶ τὸ ᾿Αρίμινον 
ἀπήτουν καὶ τῆς πόλεως ὡς αὐτῶν οὔσης ἐξοι- 
κισθῆναι ἐκέλευον. οἱ δ᾽ ὕπατοι μήτε συμβαλεῖν 
θαρροῦντες δι᾽ ὀλιγότητα “μήτε τί προέσθαι τολ- 
μῶντες ἀνοχὰς ἔπραξαν, ὡς ἐς τὴν Ῥώμην πρεσ- 
βεύσωνται. οἱ δ᾽ ἐπὶ τὴν βουλὴν ἐλθόντες τὰ αὐτὰ 
εἶπον. ὡς δ᾽ οὐδενὸς οἱ πρέσβεις ὧν ἤτουν ἐτύγχα- 
νον, εἰς τὸ στρατόπεδον ἀνεχώρησαν. καὶ εὗρον 
ἐφθαρμένα σφίσι τὰ πράγματα." τινὲς γὰρ τῶν 
συμμάχων αὐτῶν μεταγνόντες καὶ διὰ φόβου τοὺς 
Ῥωμαίους πεποιημένοι ἐτράποντο ἐπὶ τοὺς Βοουί- 
ους, καὶ συχνοὶ ἀπώλοντο ἀμφοτέρωθεν, κἀντεῦθεν 
ἀπῆλθον οἴκαδε οἱ λοιποί, καὶ οἱ Βοούιοι σπονδὰς 
ἐπὶ μέρει TOAAW τῆς χώρας σφῶν ἐποιήσαντο. 

Ἤδη δὲ τῶν ᾿αλατικῶν λυθέντων πολέμων ὁ 
Λέντουλος ἐστράτευσεν ἐπὶ Λίγυας, καὶ τοὺς 
προσπίπτοντας ἠμύνετο καί τινα ἐρύματα παρε- 
στήσατο. Οὔαρος δὲ ἐπὶ Κύρνον ὁρμήσας, καὶ μὴ 
20 


BOOK XII 


Zonaras 8, 18. 

Roman shipping. For the Carthaginians had not 
yet recovered strength, and feared their threats. 
The next year Lucius Lentulus and Quintus Flaccus 
made a campaign against the Gauls; and as long as 
they remained together, they were invincible, but 
when they began to pillage districts separately, with 
the purpose of securing greater booty, the army of 
Flaccus became imperilled, being surrounded by night. 
For the time the barbarians were beaten back, but 
after gaining accessions of allies they proceeded anew 
with a huge force against the Romans. When con- 
fronted by Publius Lentulus and Licinius Varus, they 
hoped to terrify them by their numbers and prevail 
without a battle. So they sent and demanded back 
the land surrounding Arimintim and commanded the 
Romans to vacate the city, since it belonged to them. 
The consuls, because of their small numbers, did 
not dare to risk a battle, nor would they undertake to 
abandon any territory ; accordingly they arranged an 
armistice, to enable the Gauls to send envoys to Rome. 
These came before the senate with the same demands, 
but obtained no satisfaction, and returned to camp. 
There they found their cause was lost. For some 
of their allies repented, and regarding the Romans 
with fear, turned upon the Boii, and many were 
killed on both sides. Thereupon the remainder went 
home and the Boii obtained peace at the price of 
a large portion of their land. 

When the Gallic wars had now been ended, Len- 
tulus conducted a campaign against the Ligurians ; he 
repulsed those who attacked him and gained posses- 
sion of several fortresses. Varus set out for Corsica, 
but inasmuch as he lacked the necessary ships to 

21 


B.C. 257 


B.C. 236 


45 


46 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Ὅτε of Ῥωμαῖοι τὸν Κλαύδιον, ἐπειδὴ πρὸς 


τοὺς Kupvious! συνθήκας ἐποιήσατο, πόλεμον 


> \ \ lal 

ἀράμενοι Kal αὐτοὺς χειρωσάμενοι,Σ TO μὲν πρῶ- 
¢ \ ᾽ / \ \ > > 8, 

τον, ὡς καὶ ἐκείνου τὸ παρασπονδηθὲν ἀλλ᾽ οὐχ 


\3 


ς A ᾿ ὃ ” ΝΜ > / 
E€AUTWY) TO ALTLA μα OV, ἔπεμψαν ἐκδιδόντες 


αὐτοῖς, μὴ προσδεξαμένων δέ σφων αὐτὸν ἐξή- 
Aacav.—V. 29 (p. 598). 

"Ort of Ῥωμαῖοι τοὺς Καρχηδονίους χρήματα 
ἐπιπραξάμενοι τὰς σπονδὰς ἀνενεώσαντο, καὶ τὸ 
μὲν πρῶτον πρεσβείᾳ αὐτῶν ἐλθούσῃ, ὅτι τε τῆς 
σφετέρας παρασκευῆς ἤσθοντο καὶ ὅτι αὐτοὶ τῷ 
πρὸς τοὺς ὁμόρους πολέμῳ ἔτι καὶ τότε κατεί- 
χοντο, μέτριον οὐδὲν ἀπεκρίναντο, μετὰ δὲ τοῦτο " 


Zonaras 8, 18. 
δυνηθεὶς ἀπορίᾳ πλοίων περαιωθῆναι, Κλαύδιόν 
τινα Κλινέαν σὺν δυνάμει προέπεμψε. κἀκεῖνος 
τοὺς Kupvious καταπλήξας ἐς “λόγους ἦλθε, καὶ 
ὡς αὐτοκράτωρ τυγχάνων ἐσπείσατο. Οὔαρος δὲ 
τῶν συνθηκῶν μὴ φροντίσας ἐπολέμησε τοῖς 
Κυρνίοις, ἕ ἕως αὐτοὺς ἐχειρώσατο. οἱ δὲ Ῥωμαῖοι, 
τὸ παρασπόνδημα ᾿ἀποπροσποιούμενοι, ἔπεμψαν 
αὐτοῖς ἐκδιδόντες τὸν Κλαύδιον: ὡς δ᾽ οὐκ ἐδέχθη, 
ἐξήλασαν αὐτόν. ἐπὶ δὲ Καρχηδονίους μέλλοντες 
στρατεύσειν, ὡς τοῖς σφῶν ἐμπόροις λυμαινομέ- 
νους, τοῦτο μὲν οὐκ ἐποίησαν, χρήματα δ᾽ ἐπι- 
πραξάμενοι ἀνενεώσαντο τὰς σπονδάς. ἔμελλον 


1 Κυρνίους Melber, λίγυας Ms. 2 ἐποιήσατο---ἀράμενοι--- 
χειρωσάμενοι Val., ἐποιήσαντο--- ἀράμενον ---χειρωσάμενον Ms, 


3 τὸ added by Val. 4 τοῦτο Leuncl., τοῦτον Mss. 


22 


BOOK XII 


After Claudius had made terms with the Corsicans, 8.6. 236 
and the Romans had then waged war upon them 
and subdued them, they first sent Claudius to them, 
offering to surrender him, on the ground that the 
fault in breaking the compact lay with him and not 
with themselves ; and when the Corsicans refused to 
receive him, they drove him into exile. 

The Romans, after exacting more money from the πιο. 235 
Carthaginians, renewed the truce. At first, however, 
upon the arrival of the embassy which the latter 
had sent because they realized their foes’ state of 
preparedness and also because they themselves 
were still occupied at that time with the war 
against the neighbouring tribes, they had given 
them no mild answer. Afterwards Hanno, a man 


Zonaras 8, 18. 
carry him over, he sent a certain Claudius Clineas 
ahead with a force. The latter terrified the Cor- 
sicans, held a conference with them, and made 
peace as though he had full authority to do so. 
Varus, however, ignored this agreement and fought 
the Corsicans until he had subjugated them. The 
Romans, to divert from themselves the blame for 
breaking the compact, sent Claudius to them, offering 
to surrender him; and when he was not received, they 
drove him into exile. They were on the point of 
making an expedition against the Carthaginians, 
alleging that these were committing outrages upon 
their merchants; but instead of doing so, they 
exacted more money and renewed the truce. Yet 


23 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


v / / A € / \ ὃ a al 
Αννωνός τίνος νέου τῇ ἡλικίᾳ Kal δεινοῦ τῇ 
παρρησίᾳ πεμφθέντος, καὶ ἄλλα τε πολλὰ ἀ- 
παρακαλύπτως καὶ τέλος ὅτι “εἰ μὴ βούλεσθε 
᾽ a > / cf om \ \ \ / 
εἰρηνεῖν, ἀπόδοτε ἡμῖν καὶ Σαρδὼ καὶ Σικελίαν" 
> \ / / >’ i > ee yg / 
οὐ yap πρόσκαιρόν τινα ἀνοχὴν ἀλλ᾽ ἀίδιον φιλίαν 
ἀπ᾽ αὐτῶν ἐπριάμεθα ” εἰπόντος, ἠπιώτεροί τε αἰ- 
σχυνθέντες ἐγένοντο. . Ὁ 6 (p. 378) (οὗ Ῥω- 
μαῖοι---ἀνενεώσαντο Suid. 5. v. ἐπιπραξάμενοι). 
e9 δὲ \ \ » \ ᾽ 10 Ὁ“ \ 
.. . 067 δὲ μὴ τὰ αὐτὰ ἀντιπάθωσιν, ὥστε Kal 
πάνυ ἀσμένως οἱ μὲν τὴν ἐκ τοῦ πρόσθεν εὐτυχίαν 
lal a / 
διασώσασθαι, οἱ δ᾽ ἐπὶ γοῦν τῶν ὑπαρχόντων ® 
lal / / ᾿ al 
σφίσι μεῖναι αἱρούμενοι διεμέλλησαν, καὶ ταῖς 
- / \ tal 
ἀπειλαῖς μηκέτι τὴν εἰρήνην ἄγοντες, τοῖς ἔργοις 
ἔτι διασκοποῦντες ἡ περὶ αὐτῆς" ἀνέσχον, ὥσθ᾽ 
ἅπασι δῆλον γενέσθαι ὅτι ὁποτέροις ἂν αὐτῶν 
A / / a 
προτέροις παρακινῆσαί τι συνενέγκῃ, Kal τοῦ 
πολέμου προκατάρξουσιν. ἐς γὰρ τοσοῦτον οἱ 
N a ς / > / > ¢ > 
πολλοὶ ταῖς ομολογίαις ἐμμένουσιν ἐς ὅσον αὖ- 
a a , 
τοῖς καὶ καθήκῃ" πρὸς δὲ δὴ τὸ μᾶλλόν σφισι 
/ > \ \ \ 6 δῆ , 
συμφέρον ἀσφαλὲς καὶ τὸ παρασπονδῆσαί τι 
νομίζουσιν εἶναι.----Μ. 125 (p. 184). 
Zonaras 8, 18. 
\ 7 A > \ ε a / \ \ 
δὲ μηδ᾽ ὡς ἐς μακρὰν ai συνθῆκαι μένειν. τὰ μὲν 
οὖν τῶν Καρχηδονίων ἀνεβέβλητο, ἐπὶ δὲ τοὺς 


Σαρδονίους μὴ πειθομένους αὐτοῖς ἐστράτευσαν" 
καὶ ἐνίκησαν. μετὰ ταῦτα δὲ ἔπεισαν τοὺς Σαρ- 


τῇ added by Leuncl. 2 See note on Fr. 43, 21. 
3 ὑπαρχόντων Mai, ὑπάρχων Ms. 
ἔτι διασκοποῦντες Bk., ἐπιδιασκοποῦντες Ms. 
> αὐτῆς Bs., τῆς αὐτῆς Ms. 6 τὸ Bk., τὸ μὴ Ms. 


1 
3 
4 
ὃ 


24 


BOOK XII 


of youthful years who used striking frankness of 
speech, was sent. He spoke his mind unreservedly 
on a number of matters, and finally exclaimed: “If 
you do not wish to be at peace, restore to us both 
Sardinia and Sicily; for with these we purchased 
not a temporary truce, but eternal friendship.” 
Thus shamed, they not only became milder .. . 

. and the others, lest they might in turn suffer 
the same injuries; so that they were very glad to 
delay, the one side choosing to preserve the prosperity 
‘inherited from the past, and the other to hold on 
at least to what it had. So far as their threats went, 
they were no longer keeping the peace, but when it 
came to deeds they still continued to deliberate 
about it,so that it became clear to all that whichever 
of the two nations first found it to its advantage 
to make a move would likewise be the one to begin 
the war. Indeed, most men abide by their com- 
pacts just so long as suits their own convenience ; 
but in the interest of some greater advantage 
to themselves, they deem it safe even to break a 
truce. 


Zonaras 8, 18. 
the treaty was not destined even thus to be of long 
standing. The case of the Carthaginians was ac- 
cordingly postponed; but the Romans made an 
expedition against the Sardinians, who would not 
yield obedience, and conquered them, Later the 


25 


B.C. 235 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 18. 
Sovious οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι κρύφα τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις 
ἐπαναστῆναι. καὶ τούτοις οἱ , Κύρνιοι προσαπέ. 
στῆσαν, καὶ οἱ Λίγυες οὐχ ἡσύχασαν. 

Τῷ δ᾽ ἐπιγενομένῳ ἔτει, τριχῇ τὰς δυνάμεις 
διελόμενοι. οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι, ἵν᾽ ἅμα πολεμούμενοι 
πάντες μὴ συμβοηθοῖεν ἀλλήλοις, Ποστούμιον 
μὲν ᾿Αλβῖνον εἰς τὴν ΔΛεγυστικήν, Σπούριον δὲ 
. Καρουίλιον ἐπὶ τοὺς Κυρνίους, ἐς δὲ τὴν Σαρδὼ 
τὸν ἀστυνόμον Πούπλιον “Κορνήλιον “ἔπεμψαν. 
καὶ οἱ μὲν ὕπατοι οὐκ ἀπόνως μέν, οὐ βραδέως 
δὲ τὰ προσταχθέντα σφίσι κατέπραξαν' τοὺς δὲ 
Σαρδονίους μή τι μέτριον φρονοῦντας ἰσχυρᾷ 
μάχῃ ὁ Καρουίλιος κατεστρέψατο' ὁ γὰρ Κορ- 
νήλιος καὶ τῶν στρατιωτῶν πολλοὶ ὑπὸ νόσου 
ἐφθάρησαν. ἐπεὶ δ᾽ οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι ἐκ τῆς χώρας 
αὐτῶν ἀπηλλάγησαν, ἀπέστησαν αὖθις οἱ Σαρ- 
δόνιοι καὶ οἱ Λίγυες. ἸΚύιντος μὲν οὖν Φάβιος 
Μάξιμος ἐπέμφθη πρὸς Λίγυας, ἐς δέ γε τὴν 
Σαρδὼ Πομπώνιος Μάνιος. τούς γε μὴν Καρχη- 
δονίους ὡς αἰτίους αὐτοῖς τῶν πολέμων ὄντας 

πολεμίους ἔκριναν, καὶ πέμψαντες π πρὸς αὐτοὺς 
χρήματά TE ἀπήτουν καὶ ἁπασῶν ἐκπλεῖν τῶν 
νήσων ἐπέταττον ὡς αὐτοῖς διαφερουσῶν. ἐκφαί- 
νοντες δὲ καὶ τὴν σφετέραν διάνοιαν δόρυ αὐτοῖς 
ἐπέστειλαν καὶ κηρύκειον, ἕν ἑλέσθαι κελεύοντες, 
ὁποῖον ἂν ἐθελήσωσιν. οἱ δὲ μηδὲν ὑποπτήξαντες 
τά τε ἄλλα τραχύτερον ἀπεκρίναντο καὶ τῶν 
πεμφθέντων σφίσιν αἱρεῖσθαι μὲν εἶπον οὐδέτερον, 
δέχεσθαι δ ἑτοίμως ὁπότερον καταλείψουσιν. ἐν- 
τεῦθεν ἐμίσουν μὲν ἀλλήλους, ὥκνουν δὲ πολέμου 
κατάρξασθαι. 

Κινηθέντων δ᾽ αὖθις τῶν Σαρδονίων ἐπ᾽ αὐτοὺς 


26 


BOOK XII 


Zonaras 8, 18. 
Carthaginians secretly persuaded the Sardinians to 
rise against the Romans. In addition to this the 
Corsicans also revolted and the Ligurians did not 
remain quiet. 

The following year the Romans divided their forces 
into three parts in order that the rebels, finding war 
waged upon all of them at once, might not render 
assistance to one another; so they sent Postumius 
Albinus into Liguria, Spurius Carvilius against the 
Corsicans, and Publius Cornelius, the praetor urbanus, 
to Sardinia. And the consuls accomplished their 
missions with some speed, though not without trouble. 
The Sardinians, who were animated by no little 
spirit, were vanquished in a fierce battle by Carvilius; 
for Cornelius and many of his soldiers had perished 
by disease. When the Romans left their country, the 
Sardinians and the Ligurians revolted again. Quintus 
Fabius Maximus was accordingly sent against the 
Ligurians and Pomponius Manius to Sardinia. The 
Romans declared the Carthaginians, as the instigators 
of these wars, to be enemies, and they sent to them 
demanding money and bidding them remove their 
ships from all these islands, since these ports belonged 
to them. And to make their mind perfectly clear, 
they sent a spear and a herald’s staff, bidding them 
choose one, whichever they pleased. The Cartha- 
ginians, quite undismayed, returned a sufliciently 
curt answer, in which they stated that they chose 
neither of the articles sent them, but were ready to 
accept either that the Romans might leave with 
them. Henceforth the two nations hated each other 
but hesitated to begin war. 

When the Sardinians once more rose against the 


27 


B.C. 234 


B.C. 233 


B.C, 232 


48 


D1O’S ROMAN HISTORY 


“O / \ > / am | 

TL πρέσβεις ποτὲ ἐπί κατασκοπῇ!.. .. 
of. / a 

Γαΐου Ἰ]απιρίου, καίπερ μηδὲν μηδέπω τῶν “1 8n- 

ρικῶν σφισι προσηκόντων, ἀπέστειλαν, καὶ αὐτοὺς 

ἐκεῖνος τά τε ἄλλα ἐδεξιώσατο καὶ λόγοις ἐπι- 
ὃ / ὃ 7 > \ 7. \ “ > 

TNHOELOLS διήγαγεν, ELT@V ἄλλα TE καὶ OTL ἀναγ- 
/ “ lal 

καίως τοῖς Ἴβηρσι πολεμεῖ, ἵνα τὰ χρήματα ἃ 
a € / ” \ a / > 

τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις ἔτι πρὸς τῶν Καρχηδονίων ἐπω- 
/ a 

φείλετο ἀποδοθῇ, διὰ τὸ μὴ δύνασθαι ἄλλοθέν 

ποθεν αὐτὰ ἀπαλλαγῆναι, ὥστε τοὺς πρέσβεις 

> lal ¢ 

ἀπορῆσαι 6 τι οἱ ἐπιτιμήσωσιν.---Μ. 126 (p. 184). 


Zonaras 8, 18. 

οἱ ὕπατοι ἄμφω ἐστράτευσαν Μάρκος te Μαλέ- 
ολος καὶ Μάρκος Αἰμίλιος. καὶ πολλὰ μὲν 
λάφυρα ἔλαβον, παρὰ δὲ τῶν Κυρνίων προσ- 
σχόντες αὐτοῖς αὐτὰ ἀφῃρέθησαν. διὸ μετὰ 
ταῦτα ἐπ᾽ ἀμφοτέρους οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι ἐτράποντο. 
καὶ Μάρκος μὲν Πομπώνιος Σαρδόνας ἔφερε, καὶ 
μαθὼν τοὺς πλείονας αὐτῶν ἐς σπήλαια ὑλώδη 
καὶ δυσεξεύρετα καταδύντας, μὴ δυνάμενός τε 
αὐτοὺς εὑρεῖν, κύνας ἐκ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας μετεπέμψατο 
εὔρινας, καὶ δι᾽ ἐκείνων τὴν στίβον καὶ τῶν 
ἀνθρώπων καὶ τῶν βοσκημάτων εὑρὼν πολλὰ 
ἀπετέμετο: Τ άιος δὲ Παπείριος ἐκ μὲν τῶν πεδίων 
τοὺς Κυρνίους ἀπήλασε, βιαζόμενος δὲ πρὸς τὰ ὄρη 
συχνοὺς ἐξ ἐνέδρας ἀπέβαλε, πλείους τε ἂν ὕδατος 
ἀπορίᾳ ἀπώλεσεν, εἰ μή που ὕδωρ ὀψέ ποτε ἀνε- 
φάνη καὶ ἔπεισε τοὺς Κυρνίους ὁμολογῆσαι. 

1 Bs. recognized the lacuna after κατασκοπῇ and suggested, 


to complete the sense, τῶν ὑπὸ τοῦ ᾿Αμίλκον πραχθέντων, 
ὑπατευόντων Μάρκου Πομπωνίου καὶ. 


28 


BOOK XII 


On one occasion they sent envoys to investigate 5.0. 231 


[the movements of Hamilcar, in the consulship of 
Marcus Pomponius and] Gaius Papirius, in spite of 
the fact that they had no interests in Spain as yet. 
Hamilear showed them all due honour and offered 
them plausible explanations, declaring, among other 
things, that he was obliged to fight against the 
Spaniards in order that the money which was still 
owing to the Romans on the part of the Carthaginians 
might be paid ; for it was impossible to obtain it from 
any other source. The envoys were consequently 
embarrassed to know how to censure him. 


Zonaras 8, 18. 

Romans, both the consuls, Marcus Malleolus and 
Marcus Aemilius, took the field. And they secured 
many spoils, which were taken away from them, how- 
ever, by the Corsicans when they touched at their 
island. Hence the Romans now turned their attention 
to both these peoples. Marcus Pomponius proceeded 
to harry Sardinia, but could not find many of the 
inhabitants, who as he learned, had slipped into caves 
of the forest, difficult to locate; therefore he sent 
for keen-scented dogs from Italy, and with their aid 
discovered the trail of both men and cattle and cut off 
many such parties. Gaius Papirius drove the Corsi- 
cans from the plains, but in attempting to force his 
way to the mountains he Jost numerous men through 
ambush and would have suffered the loss of still more 
owing to the scarcity of water, had not water at 
length been found ; then the Corsicans were induced 
to come to terms. 


29 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 19. 

19. Κατὰ τοῦτον τὸν χρόνον καὶ ᾿Αμίλκας ὁ τῶν 
Καρχηδονίων στρατηγὸς πρὸς Ἰβήρων νικηθεὶς 
ἔθανεν. ἀντιπαραταξαμένου γὰρ σφίσιν ἁμάξας 
δάδων καὶ πίσσης “μεστὰς πρὸ τοῦ στρατοῦ τῶν 
Καρχηδονίων προήγαγον, καὶ πλησιάσαντες ἀνῆ- 
ψαν αὐτάς, καὶ τὰ ἕλκοντα αὐτὰς ὑποζύγια 
ἐπισπέρχοντες οἴστρησαν. κἀκ τούτου συντα- 
ραχθέντων τῶν ἐναντίων διασπασθέντων τε καὶ 
τραπομένων, ἑπόμενοι κἀκεῖνον καὶ ἄλλους πλεί- 
στους ἐφόνευσαν. καὶ ὁ μὲν ἐπὶ πλεῖστον ἀνθήσας 
οὕτως ἐτελεύτησε, τελευτήσαντα δὲ αὐτὸν ᾿Ασ- 
δρούβας ὁ γαμβρὸς διεδέξατο. καὶ τῆς ᾿Ιβηρίας 
πολλὰ προσεκτήσατο, πόλιν τε ἐν αὐτῇ Καρχη- 
δόνα ὁμώνυμον τῇ πατρίδι ἔ ἔκτισε. 

Τῶν δέ γε Βοουίων καὶ τῶν ἄλλων Γαλατῶν 
πολλὰ μὲν καὶ ἄλλα, πλείστους δὲ καὶ αἰχμαλώ- 
τους πωλούντων, δείσαντες οἱ “Ῥωμαῖοι μήποτε 
κατ᾽ αὐτῶν τοῖς χρήμασι χρήσωνται, ἀπεῖπον 

μηδένα ἀνδρὶ Παλάτῃ μήτ᾽ ἀργύριον μήτε χρυσίον 

διδόναι. ἐντεῦθεν οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι μαθόντες τοὺς 
ὑπάτους Μάρκον Αἰμίλιον καὶ Μάρκον ᾿Ἰούνιον 
εἰς τὴν Λιγυστικήν ἀπάραντας, παρεσκευάζοντο 
εἰς τὴν Ῥώμην. ἐλάσαι. γνόντων δὲ τοῦτο τῶν 
ὑπάτων, καὶ ἐπ᾽ αὐτοὺς ἀθρόον ὡρμηκότων, ἐξε- 
πλάγησαν καὶ ἀπήντησαν αὐτοῖς ὡς φίλιοι. 
κἀκεῖνοι δὲ ὑπεκρίθησαν ὅτι οὐκ ἐπ᾽ ἐκείνους 
ἀπήεσαν, ἀλλὰ διὰ τῆς χώρας αὐτῶν ἐς τοὺς 
Λίγυας. 

Ῥωμαῖοι δὲ τόν τε ᾿Ιόνιον ἐπεραιώθησαν καὶ 
τῆς ἠπείρου τῆς “Ελληνικῆς ἥψαντο: πρόφασις δ᾽ 


30 


BOOK XII 


Zonaras 8, 19. 


19. About this time also Hamilcar, the Cartha- 8.0. 230 
ginian general, was defeated by the Spaniards and lost 
his life. For, as he was -arrayed in battle against 
them, they led out in front of the Carthaginian army 
waggons full of pine wood and pitch and when they 
drew near they set fire to these vehicles, then hurried 
on the animals drawing them by goading them to 
madness. Forthwith their opponents were thrown into 
confusion, became disorganized, and turned to flight, 
and the Spaniards, pursuing, killed Hamilcar and a 
great many besides. Thus, after a remarkably success- 
ful career, Hamilcar met his end; and at his death 
his son-in-law Hasdrubal succeeded him. The latter 
acquired many new districts of Spain and founded 
there a city, called Carthage after his native place. 

In view of the fact that the Boii and the rest of 
the Gauls were offering for sale various articles and 
an especially large number of captives, the Romans 
became afraid that they might some day use the 
money against them, and accordingly forbade any- 
body to give to a Gaul either silver or gold. Soon 
afterward the Carthaginians,! learning that the con- 
suls, Marcus Aemilius and Marcus Junius, had started 
for Liguria, made preparations to march upon Rome. 
But when the consuls became aware of this and. 
proceeded suddenly against them, they became 
frightened and went to meet them as if they were 
friends. ‘The consuls likewise feigned that they had 
not set out against these people, but were going 
through their country into the Ligurian territory. 

And the Romans crossed the Ionian Gulf and laid 
hands upon the Greek mainland. They found an 


1 A mistake on the part of Zonaras. Some Gallic tribe is 
evidently meant. 


31 


49 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


αἱ ὁ I € a ς / € \ ς / 
τι looa » νῆσος ἑκουσία ἑαυτὴν Ῥωμαίοις 
παρέδωκεν. ἐπειδὴ γὰρ τότε πρῶτον πειρᾶσθαί 
σφων ἔμελλον, καὶ προσφιλεστέρους αὐτοὺς καὶ 
7 fa yA a ay? 3 
πιστοτέρους τῶν ἤδη φοβερῶν ἐνόμιζον εἶναι, 
/ a a 
κρείττους ἐς TO ἀφανὲς τοῦ προδήλου τῷ λο- 
A / ¢ \ “ 
γισμῷ ' γιγνόμενοι, ὅτε τὸ μὲν ἐκ τοῦ ἤδη προσ- 
an / n 
κεῖσθαί σφισιν ἀχθηδόνα, τὸ δὲ ἐκ τοῦ προσδο- 
a / 
κᾶσθαι ἐλπίδα χρηστὴν Epepev.—M. 127 (p. 184). 
¢/ δὰ ph lal \ ’ / / 
Ort οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι τοὺς ‘locaiovs προσχωρή- 
σαντας αὐτοῖς, ἀνθυπουργεῖν τι εὐθὺς τούτοις 
Ov oe tal \ ξ \ ? ὃ / 8 
προθύμως, ὡς " τοῖς πρὸς ἑαυτοὺς ἐσπουδακόσι 
βοηθεῖν δοκεῖν, καὶ τοὺς ᾿Αρδιαίους ὁ ἀμύνεσθαι, 
, \ 5] an / 5 / > 
διότι τοὺς ἐκ τοῦ Βρεντεσίου ἐκπλέοντας ἐκα- 
4 > rd »” \ v 
κούργουν, ἐθελήσαντες, ἔπεμψαν πρὸς “Aypova 
τοὺς μὲν παραιτούμενοι, τὸν δὲ ὅτε μηδὲν προ- 
παθὼν ἀδικοίη σφᾶς αἰτιώμενοι. καὶ ἐκεῖνον μὲν 
> / , = > / / / 
οὐκέτι περιόντα εὗρον, ἀλλά τι παιδίον, Llivyny 


Zonaras 8, 19. 
αὐτοῖς Tod πλοῦ ἐγένετο ἧδε. “loca νῆσός ἐστιν 
ἐν τῴ ᾿Ιονίῳ κόλπῳ κειμένη. οἱ γοῦν ταύτης 
κάτοικοι Ἰσσαῖοι καλούμενοι ἐθελονταὶ τοῖς Ῥω- 
μαίοις παραδεδώκασιν ἑαυτούς, τῷ σφῶν κρα- 
τοῦντι ἀχθόμενοι, ᾿Αγρῶνι τῷ τῶν Σαρδιαίων 
βασιλεῖ, γένους ᾿Ιλλυρικοῦ. πρὸς ὃν πρέσβεις 
οἱ ὕπατοι ἔπεμψαν. ἐκείνου δὲ τεθνεῶτος ἐπὶ υἱῷ 


1 τῷ λογισμῷ Gros, τῶν λογισμῶν Ms. 2 ὡς inserted by 
Leuncl. 3 ἐσπουδακόσι Urs., ἐσπουδακώς Mss. “4 ᾿Αρδιαίους 
Val., σαρδιαίους Mss. (and similarly below). 


32 


BOOK ΧΗ 


The island of Issa surrendered itself voluntarily to 8.0. 230 
the Romans. This was the first time the islanders 
were to make their acquaintance, but they regarded 
them as more friendly and trustworthy than those 
whom they had now come to dread. They reasoned 
that more reliance was to be placed on the unknown 
than on the known; for while the one, because of 
actual experience had with it, inspired resentment, 
the other, because of their anticipations, inspired 
good hope. 

When the Issaeans had attached themselves to the 
Romans, the latter, desiring to show them some 
prompt and ready favour in return, so as to get the 
reputation of aiding such as joined their cause, 
and also to punish the Ardiaeans, who were 
annoying those who sailed from Brundisium, sent 
envoys to Agron, to ask clemency for the 
Issaeans and at the same time to censure the king 
for wronging them without cause. Now these men 
found Agron no longer alive; he had died, leaving 


Zonaras 8, 19. 
excuse for the voyage in the following circumstances. 
Issa is an island situated in the Ionian Gulf. Its 
inhabitants, known as Issaeans, had of their own free 
will surrendered themselves to the Romans because 
they were angry with their ruler Agron, who was 
king of the Ardiaeans and of Illyrian stock. To him 
the consuls sent envoys. But he had died, leaving 


33 
VOL. 11. D 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


ὄνομα, καταλιπὼν ἐτεθνήκει" Τεύτα δὲ ἡ γυνὴ 
> a \ \ A ΄ > / a ᾽ 
αὐτοῦ, μητρυιὰ δὲ τοῦ Πίννου, ἐκράτει τῶν ᾿Αρ- 
διαί 1 ὑπὸ θ ΄ > 550 ͵ 
ιαίων ....' ὑπὸ θρασύτητος οὗσα οὐδὲν μέτριον 
> a > / ὑλλ᾽ οἷ, \ \ io oe V 
αὐτοῖς ἀπεκρίνατο, ἁ a γυνὴ πρὸς τῇ ἐμφύτῳ 
/ \ \ A 
προπετείᾳ Kal ὑπὸ τῆς δυνάμεως ἧς εἶχε χαυνου- 
/ \ \ »” “ / \ \ 1 
μένη, τοὺς μὲν ἔδησε TOV πρέσβεων, τοὺς δὲ Kal 
ἀπέκτεινεν, ὅτι ἐπαρρησιάσαντο. καὶ τότε μὲν 
nw ἈΦ BA \ ‘ » ᾽ > na Ὁ“ 
ταῦτ᾽ ἔπραξε, καὶ φρόνημα ἀπ᾽ αὐτῶν, ὥσπερ 
τινὰ ἰσχὺν ἐν τῷ προχείρῳ τῆς ὠμότητος ἐπιδε- 
/ \ 
δευγμένη, ἔλαβε: διήλεγξε δὲ δ ἐλαχίστου τὴν 
a / 
τοῦ γυναικείου γένους ἀσθένειαν ταχὺ μὲν ὑπὸ 
΄ 
βραχύτητος γνώμης ὀργιζξομένην, ταχὺ δὲ καὶ ὑπὸ 
/ , ? δ) mits ΄ \ 
δειλίας φοβουμένην. ἐπειδὴ γὰρ" τάχιστα τὸν 
\ ¢ / / 
πόλεμον τοὺς Ρωμαίους ἐψηφίσθαι οἱ ἐπύθετο, 
4 3 a 
κατέπτηξε, καὶ τούς τε ἄνδρας ods εἶχεν αὐτῶν 


> , ς / \ ae eX a , 
ἀποδώσειν ὑπέσχετο καὶ ἐπὶ τοῖς τετελευτηκόσιν 


Zonaras 8, 19. 

/ A / wf δι. 9 ’ 7 “ \ \ 
διαδόχῳ παιδὶ ἔτι ἡ ἐκείνου γυνή, τοῦ δὲ παιδὸς 
μητρυιά, τὴν τῶν Σαρδιαίων διεῖπεν ἀρχήν. ἣ 
τοῖς πρέσβεσιν οὐδὲν μέτριον ἐχρημάτισε, παρρη- 
σιασαμένους δὲ τοὺς μὲν ἔδησε, τοὺς δὲ ἀπέκτεινε. 

lal \ ¢ / / / > a 

τῶν δὲ Ῥωμαίων πόλεμον ψηφισαμένων αὐτῇ 
“ , 

κατέπτηξε, καὶ τούς τε σωζομένους τῶν πρέσβεων 

ἀποδώσειν ὑπέσχετο καὶ τοὺς θανόντας ἔλεγεν 


1 Lacuna recognized by Urs. 2 yap added by Reim. 
34 


BOOK XII 


behind a child named Pinnes. Teuta, the wife of 
Agron and stepmother of Pinnes, was ruling the Ardi- 
aeans,... as a result of her boldness, she gave them 
no respectful reply, but, woman-like, in addition 
to her innate recklessness, she was puffed up with 
vanity because of the power that she possessed ; 
and she accordingly cast some of the ambassadors 
into prison and killed others for expressing them- 
selves freely. Such was her action at that time, 
and she actually took pride in it as if she had 
displayed some strength by her facile cruelty. In a 
very short time, however, she demonstrated the 
weakness of the female sex, which quickly flies into 
a passion through lack of judgment, and quickly be- 
comes terrified through cowardice. For just as soon 
as she learned that the Romans had voted for war 
against her she became panic-stricken, and promised 
to restore their men whom she held, while she tried 
to defend herself in the matter of the death of the 


Zonaras 8, 19. 


as his successor a son who was still a mere child ; and 
his wife, the boy’s stepmother, was governing the 
realm of the Ardiaeans. She was not at all reason- 
able in her dealings with the ambassadors, and when 
they expressed themselves freely, she cast some of 
them into prison and killed others. As soon, how- 
ever, as the Romans had voted for war against her, 
she became panic-stricken, promised to restore the 
ambassadors who were left alive, and declared that 


35 
ne 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


’ a / ¢ \ a 3 \ 
ἀπελογεῖτο λέγουσα ὑπὸ λῃστῶν TLYWVY αὑτοὺς 
πεφονεῦσθαι. τῶν τε 'Ῥωμαίων τὰ τῆς στρατείας 
“ / / > 
dua τοῦτο ἐπισχόντων τοὺς δὲ αὐτόχειρας ἐξαιυτη- 
΄ “ ,ὔ nO “ δέ \ 
σάντων κατεφρονησὲ τε αὖθις, OTL μηδέπω τὰ 
\ δος a \ LA \ > / » 
δεινὰ αὐτῇ παρῆν, καὶ οὔτε τινὰ ἐκδώσειν ἔφη 
\ el N \ » Ξ > / > 
καὶ ἐπὶ τὴν Ἴσσαν στράτευμα ἀπέστειλεν. ἐπει- 
\ \ \ φ 4 / » ff 
δὴ δὲ τοὺς ὑπάτους παρόντας ἤσθετο, κατέ- 
a a an a e n 
δεισεν ad Kal τοῦ θυμοῦ ὑφῆκε Kal ἐς πᾶν ὁτιοῦν 
ἐπακοῦσαί σφων ἑτοίμη ἐγένετο. οὐ μέντοι καὶ 
[οὶ \ 
παντάπασιν ἐσωφρονίσθη: τῶν yap ὑπάτων πρὸς 
Κέρκυραν περαιωθέντων ἀνεθάρσησε, καὶ ἀπο- 
a / > 
στᾶσα ἐπ᾽ ’Emidauvov καὶ ’AmoAX\@viav! otpa- 
> / : a am , \ / 
τευμα ἀπέστειλε. τῶν δὲ Ῥωμαίων τὰς πόλεις 
/ a a \ 
ῥυσαμένων Kal πλοῖα αὐτῆς μετὰ χρημάτων 


Zonaras 8, 19. 


ὑπὸ λῃστῶν πεφονεῦσθαι. τῶν δὲ “Ῥωμαίων τοὺς 
αὐτόχειρας ἐξαιτησάντων οὔτε τινὰ ἐκδώσειν ἔφη 
καὶ ἐπὶ τὴν Ἴσσαν ἔστειλε στράτευμα. εἶτα αὖθις 
δείσασα Δημήτριόν τινα πρὸς τοὺς ὑπάτους 
ἔπεμψεν, ὡς ἑτοίμη πρὸς πᾶν ὑπακοῦσαι αὐτῶν. 
καὶ σπονδαὶ πρὸς τὸν πεμφθέντα ἐγένοντο, τὴν 
Κέρκυραν αὐτοῖς παρασχόμενον. τῶν δὲ πρὸς 
τὴν “νῆσον περαιωθέντων ἀνεθάρσησεν αὖθις, οἷα 
γυνὴ κούφην ἔχουσα γνώμην καὶ εὐμετάβολον, 
καὶ πρὸς Ἔ πίδαμνον καὶ ᾿Απολλωνίαν ἐξέπεμψε 
στρατιάν. τῶν δὲ Ῥωμαίων τὰς πόλεις τε ῥυσα- 
μένων καὶ πλοῖα αὐτῆς κατασχόντων μετὰ χρη- 
1 καὶ ᾿Απολλωνίαν added by Bk. from Zonaras. 


36 


BOOK XII 


others, declaring that they had been slain by some 
robbers. When the Romans for this reason stopped 
their campaign and demanded the surrender of the 
murderers, she once more showed her contempt, 
because the danger was not yet at her doors, and 
declaring she would not give up anybody, des- 
patched an army against Issa. But when she 
learned that the consuls were at hand, she grew 
terrified again, abated her high spirit, and became 
ready to heed them in everything whatsoever. She 
had not yet, however, been brought fully to her 
senses, for when the consuls had crossed over to 
Corcyra, she felt imbued with new courage, revolted 
and despatched an army against Epidamnus and 
Apollonia. But after the Romans had rescued the 
cities and had captured ships of hers laden with 


Zonaras 8, 19. 


those dead had been slain by robbers. But when the 
Romans demanded the surrender of the murderers, 
she declared she would not give up anybody, and 
dispatched an army against Issa. Then she again 
grew fearful and sent a certain Demetrius to the 
consuls, assuring them of her readiness to heed them 
in everything. And a truce was made with this 
emissary, upon his agreeing to give them Corcyra. 
Yet woman-like, such was her vain and fickle dis- 
position that when the consuls had crossed over 
to the island, she became emboldened again, and 
sent out an army to Epidamnus and Apollonia. 
After the Romans had rescued these cities, seized 


37 


B.C. 229 


50 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


λαμβανόντων, ἐμέλλησεν αὖθις πειθαρχῆσαί 
> \ \ ᾽ ὔ id \ a 

opiow: ἐπεὶ δὲ ἀναβάντες ὑπὲρ τῆς Oa- 
λάσσης κακῶς περὶ τὸν ᾿Ατύριον λόφον ἀπήλ- 
λαξαν, ἐπέσχεν ἐλπίσασα αὐτούς (ἤδη γὰρ καὶ 
χειμὼν ἣν) ἀπαναστήσεσθαι. αἰσθομένη δὲ τὸν 
᾿ a \ / / \ \ / 

Αλβῆνον κατὰ χώραν μένειν, καὶ τὸν Δημήτριον 
ἔκ τε τῆς ἐμπληξίας ἐκείνης καὶ ἐκ τοῦ τῶν Ῥω- 

7 , , ,ὔὕ "7 
μαίων φόβου μεθεστηκότα καί τινας ἄλλους 
αὐτομολῆσαι πεπεικότα, παντελῶς κατέδεισε καὶ 
τὴν ἀρχὴν ἀφῆκεν.---" 6 (p. 378). 

Ὅτι χρησμός τις τῆς Σιβύλλης τοὺς “Ῥωμαί- 
ους ἐδειμάτου, φυλάξασθαι τοὺς Γαλάτας δεῖν 
κελεύων ὅταν κεραυνὸς ἐς τὸ Καπιτώλιον πλησίον 
᾿Απολλωνίου κατασκήψῃη.---Μ. 128 (p. 185). 


Zonaras 8. 19, 


/ > / / \ \ 
μάτων ἐκ Πελοποννήσου προσπλέοντα, καὶ τὰ 
χωρία πορθησάντων τὰ πάραλα, καὶ τοῦ Anpn- 
τρίου διὰ τὴν ἐμπληξίαν ἐκείνης πρὸς Ρωμαίους 
μεθεστηκότος καὶ ἄλλους αὐτομολῆσαι πεπει- 
κότος, κατέδεισε καὶ ἀπέσχετο τῆς ἀρχῆς. καὶ 
τὴν μὲν ὁ Δημήτριος ὡς τῷ παιδὶ ἐπιτροπεύσων 
εἰλήφει, οἱ δὲ Ῥωμαῖοι διὰ ταῦτα παρὰ Κορινθίων 
ἐπῃνέθησαν, καὶ τοῦ ᾿Ισθμικοῦ μετέσχον ἀγῶνος, 
καὶ στάδιον ἐν αὐτῷ ὁ ἸΠλαῦτος ἐνίκησε. καὶ 

\ > / \ , » / \ a 
πρὸς ᾿Αθηναίους δὲ φιλίαν ἐπεποιήκεσαν Kal τῆς 
πολιτείας σφῶν τῶν τε μυστηρίων. μετέσχον. 

Τὸ δ᾽ Ἰλλυρικὸν ὄνομα πάλαι μὲν ἐν ἄλλοις 
5 / «“ \ > \ Ν / 
ἐπεκέκλητο, ὕστερον δὲ ἐς τὴν ἄνω μεταβέβηκεν 
38 1 ἐδειμάτου St., ἐδειμᾶτο Ms, 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΗ 


treasure, she was again on the point of yielding 
obedience. Meanwhile they mounted to a high 
place above the sea, and were defeated near the 
Atyrian hill; and she now waited, hoping for their 
withdrawal, in view of the fact that it was already 
winter. But on perceiving that Albinus remained 
where he was and that Demetrius, as a result of 
her caprice, as well as from fear of the Romans, had 
_ transferred his allegiance, besides persuading some 
others to desert, she became utterly terrified and 
gave up her power. 

The Romans were alarmed over an oracle of the 
Sibyl which told them that they must beware of 
the Gauls when a thunderbolt should fall upon the 
Capitol near the temple of Apollo. 


Zonaras 8, 19. 


ships of hers which were sailing home from the 
Peloponnesus laden with treasure, and devastated the 
coast regions, and after Demetrius as a result of her 
caprice had transferred his allegiance to the Romans 
and also persuaded some others to desert, she became 
utterly terrified and abdicated her power. This 
Demetrius received in trust for the boy. The 
Romans were thanked by the Corinthians for their 
action; and took part in the Isthmian games, in which 
Plautus won the stadium race. Moreover they formed 
a friendship with the Athenians and were admitted 
by them to citizenship and to the Mysteries. 

The name Illyricum was anciently applied to 
different regions, but later it was transferred to the 


39 


B.C. 228 


B.C. 228 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 19-20. 


ἤπειρον. καὶ ὑπὲρ τὴν Μακεδονίαν τήν τε Θρᾷκην 
τὴν ἐντὸς τοῦ Αἵμου καὶ τὴν πρὸς τῇ Ῥοδόπῃ, 
καὶ ἔστιν ἐν τῷ μέσῳ τούτων τῶν ὀρῶν καὶ τῶν 
Ἄλπεων τοῦ τε Αἴνου ͵, ποταμοῦ καὶ τοῦ Ἴστρου 
μέχρι τοῦ Εὐξείνου πόντου, καί πῃ καὶ ἐπέκεινα 
τοῦ Ἴστρου νέμεται. 

Λογίου δέ ποτε τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις ἐλθόντος καὶ 
"EXAnvas καὶ Γαλάτας τὸ ἄστυ καταλήψεσθαι, 
Γαλάται δύο καὶ “Ἕλληνες ἕτεροι ἔκ τε τοῦ 
ἄρρενος καὶ τοῦ “θήλεος γένους ζῶντες ἐ ἐν τῇ ἀγορᾷ 
κατωρύγησαν, ἵν᾽ οὕτως ἐπιτελὲς τὸ πεπρωμένον 
γενέσθαι δοκῇ, καί τι κατέχειν τῆς πόλεως κατο- 
ρωρυγμένοι νομίξζωνται. 

Μετὰ δὲ τοῦτο Σαρδόνιοι, ἐν δεινῷ ποιούμενοι 
ὅτι στρατηγὸς Ῥωμαίων ἀεὶ καθειστήκει αὐτοῖς, 
ἐπανέστησαν' αὖθις δὲ ἐδουλώθησαν. 

20. Ἰνσοῦβροι δέ, Γαλατικὸν γένος, συμμάχους 
ἐκ τῶν ὑπὲρ τὰς Αλπεις ὁμοφύλων προσειλη- 
φότες, ὅπλα τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις ἐπήνεγκαν" διὸ καὶ 
αὐτοὶ ηὐτρεπίξοντο. ληισαμένων δὲ τῶν βαρ- 
βάρων τινά, τελευταῖον χειμῶνος μεγάλου νυκτὸς 
συμβάντος ὑπετόπησαν τὸ θεῖον ἐναντιοῦσθαι 
αὐτοῖς, καὶ ἠθύμησαν, καὶ καταπτήξαντες φυγῇ 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 603. 


"Et Φαβίου yap Μαξίμου Βεροκόσσου ἤτοι 
ἀκρο ορδονώδους Ῥωμαῖοι τοῦτο ἐποίησαν, Ἕλ- 
ληνικὸν καὶ Παλατικὸν ἀνδρόγυνον κρύψαντες ἐν 
μέσῃ τῇ ἀγορᾷ, ἐκ χρησμοῦ τινὸς δειματωθέντες, 
λέγοντος "EXAnva καὶ Γαλάτην ἰὐκοίνο. ἀρ ἊΝ 
τὸ ἄστυ. 


40 


BOOK XII 


Zonaras 8, 19-20. 


interior of the mainland and to the region above Mace- 
donia and the part of Thrace lying this side of Hae- 
mus and next to Rhodope. It lies between these 
mountains and the Alps, also between the river Aenus 
and the Ister, extending as far as the Euxine Sea; in- 
deed, at some points it extends even beyond the Ister. 

Inasmuch as an oracle had once come to the 
Romans that Greeks and Gauls should occupy the 
city, two Gauls and likewise two Greeks, male and 
female, were buried alive in the Forum, in order that 
in this way destiny might seem to have fulfilled itself, 
and these foreigners, thus buried there, might be 
regarded as possessing a part of the city. 

After this the Sardinians, indignant because a 
Roman praetor was continually set over them, began 
an uprising ; but they were again enslaved. 

20. The Insubres, a Gallic tribe, after securing allies 
from among their kinsmen beyond the Alps, turned 
their arms against the Romans, and the latter were 
accordingly making preparations themselves. The 
barbarians plundered some towns, but at last a 
great storm occurred in the night, and _ they 
suspected that Heaven was against them. Conse- 
quently they lost heart, and failing into a panic, 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 603. 

In the time of Fabius Maximus Verrucossus (2.6. 
“ Warty ’’) the Romans did this, after burying in the 
middle of the Forum a Greek and a Gallic couple, 
man and woman in each case; for they were alarmed 
by a certain oracle which declared that Greek and 
Gaul should occupy the city. 


41 


B.C. 225 


2 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


7 ς / 
Ὅτι of Ταλάται τοὺς Ῥωμαίους ἰδόντες τὰ 
/ “ lal 
ETLTNOELOTATA τῶν χωρῶν προκατειληφότας ἠθύ- 
pnoav: πάντες μὲν γὰρ ἄνθρωποι καὶ ἐπιτυχόντες 
ὧν ἂν ὀρυγνηθῶσι πρῶτον ἑτοιμότερον πρὸς τὰ 
ων 
λοιπὰ χωροῦσιν, καὶ διαμαρτόντες ἐς πάντα 
\ 

ἀπαμβλύνονται, τὸ δὲ δὴ Γαλατικὸν πλέον τι 
x \ \ ” > 4 \ e x b 
ἢ κατὰ τοὺς ἄλλους ὀξύτατα μὲν ὧν ἂν ἐπι- 
θυμήσωσιν ἀντιλαμβάνονται καὶ ἐρρωμενέστατα 
τῶν προχωρούντων αὐτοῖς ἀντέχονται, ἂν δ᾽ 
4 \ 4 4 ‘a. ὑδὲ δ᾽ 
ἄρα τι καὶ βραχύτατον προσκρούσωσιν,' οὐδὲν οὐ 
>? nf ἮΥ α / Ld \ ¢ > > / 
ἐς Ta λοιπὰ ἐλπίζουσι, πρόχειροι μὲν ὑπ᾽ ἀνοίας 

lal ἃ a“ / 
πᾶν ὃ βούλονται προσδοκῆσαι, πρόχειροι δὲ ὑπὸ 

a a / a » 
θυμοῦ πᾶν ὃ ἂν ἐγχειρίσωνται ἐπεξελθεῖν ὄντες. 
fal «ς lal a 
καὶ ὀργῇ ἀκράτῳ Kal ὁρμῇ ἀπλήστῳ " χρῶνται, 
\ a 
καὶ Ov αὐτὰ οὔτε τι διαρκὲς ἐν αὐταῖς ἔχουσιν 
(ἀδύνατον γάρ ἐστιν ἐπὶ πολὺ τὸ προπετῶς 
͵ > / ΕΝ Ψ 2 

θρασυνόμενον ἀνταρκέσαι), κἂν ἅπαξ ἀλλοιω- 

a Wes 2 a ς \ 7 \ / 
θῶσιν, οὔτ᾽ ἀναλαβεῖν ἑαυτοὺς ἄλλως τε Kal δέους 
τινὸς προσγενομένου δύνανται, καὶ ἐς ἀντίπαλον 
7 a / ’ a , / 
ἔκπληξιν τῆς πρόσθεν adeovs τόλμης καθίστανται" 
δι’ ὀλίγου γὰρ πρὸς τὰ ἐναντιώτατα ὀξυρρόπως, 
ἅτε μηδὲν ἐκ τοῦ λογισμοῦ ἐχέγγυον ἐς μηδέτερον 

a , ,ὔ ζ 
αὐτῶν παρεχόμενοι, φέρονται.---Μ. 129 (p. 185). 
Zonaras 8, 20. 
τὴν σωτηρίαν πορίσασθαι ἐπεχείρησαν. καὶ ὁ 
« n 3 \ , \ A > 
Ρηγοῦλος αὐτοὺς κατεδίωξε, καὶ τοῖς ὀπισθοφυ- 
λακοῦσι προσμίξας ἡττήθη τε καὶ ἀπέθανεν" 
1 πρυσκρούσωσιν Bk., ἐπισυγκρούσωσιν Ms. 


2 ἀκράτῳ--ἀπλήστῳ Bk., ἀκράτως---ἀπλήστως Ms, 


42 


BOOK XII 


The Gauls became dejected on seeing that the 5.6. 225 
Romans had already seized the most favourable 
positions. For all men, if they obtain the object of 
their first aim, proceed more readily toward their 
subsequent goals, and likewise if they fail of it, lose 
interest in everything else. Those of the Gallic race, 
however, rather more than the rest of mankind, 
seize very eagerly upon what they desire, and cling 
most tenaciously to their successes, but if they meet 
with the slightest obstacle, have no hope at all left 
for the future. In their folly they are ready to 
expect whatsoever they wish, and in their ardour are 
ready to carry out whatsoever they undertake. 
They are men of ungoverned passion and uncontrolled 
impulse, and for that reason they have in these 
qualities no element of endurance, since it is im- 
possible for reckless audacity to prevail for any 
time; and if once they suffer a setback, they are 
unable, especially if: any fear also be present, to 
recover themselves, and are plunged into a state 
of panic corresponding to their previous fearless 
daring. In brief time they rush abruptly to the 
very opposite extremes, since they can furnish no 
sound motive based on reason for either course. 


Zonaras 8, 20. 
attempted to find safety in flight. Regulus pursued 
them and brought on an engagement with the rear- 
guard in which he was defeated and lost his life. 


43 


4 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Ὅτι Αἰμίλιος τοὺς ᾿Ινσούμβρους νικήσας τὰ 
ἐπινίκια ἤγαγε, καὶ ἐν αὐτοῖς τοὺς πρώτους τῶν 
ἁλόντων ἐς τὸ Καπιτώλιον ὡπλισμένους ἀνεκό- 
μισεν ἐπισκώπτων σφίσιν, ὅτι ὀμωμοκότας αὐτοὺς 
ἤσθετο μὴ πρότερον τοὺς θώρακας ἀποδύσεσθαι 
πρὶν ἐς τὸ Καπιτώλιον ἀναβῆναι.---Μ. 130 (p.186),. 

"Ort εἴ τι τῶν ἐν ταῖς πανηγύρεσι νομιζομένων 
καὶ τὸ βραχύτατον ἡμαρτήθη, πάντως που καὶ 


Zonaras 8, 20. 

Αἰμίλιος δὲ λόφον τινὰ κατασχὼν ἡσύχαξεν. 
ἀντικατασχόντων. δὲ καὶ τῶν Τ' αλατῶν ἕτερον, 
ἐπί τινας μὲν ἡμέρας ἠρέμουν, ἔπειτα οἱ μὲν ὀργῇ 
τοῦ γεγονότος, αὐχήματι. δὲ τῆς νίκης οἱ βάρβαροι, 
καταδραμόντες ἀπὸ τῶν μετεώρων συνέβαλον. 
καὶ ἐπὶ πολὺ μὲν ἰσορρόπως ἐμάχοντο, τέλος δ᾽ οἱ 
“Ῥωμαῖοι τῷ ἱππικῷ περισχόντες αὐτοὺς κατέ- 
κοψαν, καὶ τὸ στρατόπεδον αὐτῶν εἷλον καὶ τὰ 
λάφυρα ἐκομίσαντο. καὶ μετὰ ταῦτα τοῖς τῶν 
Βοουίων ὁ Αἰμίλιος ἐλυμήνατο, καὶ τὰ ἐπινίκια 
ἤγαγε, τούς τε πρώτους τῶν ἁλόντων ὡπλισμένους 
ἐπὶ τὸ Καπιτώλιον ἀνεκόμισεν, ἐπισκώπτων av- 
τοῖς ὡς ὀμωμοκόσι μὴ πρότερον τοὺς θώρακας 
ἀποδύσασθαι πρὶν ἀνελθεῖν εἰς τὸ Καπιτώλιον. 
ἐκ δὲ τούτου τήν τε τῶν Βοουίων ἅπασαν προσε- 
κτήσαντο καὶ τὸν Ἤριδανὸν τότε πρῶτον ἐπὶ τοὺς 
Ἰνσούβρους διέβησαν καὶ τὴν χώραν αὐτῶν 
ἐπόρθουν. 

Τεράτων δ᾽ ἐν τούτῳ γενομένων. ἐς μέγα δέος οἱ 
ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ κατέστησαν" ποταμός τε γὰρ ἐν τῷ 
Πικηνῷ αἱματώδης ἐρρύη κἀν τῇ Τυρσηνίδι καίε- 


44 


BOOK XII 


Aemilius on conquering the Insubres celebrated a 
triumph, and in it conveyed the foremost captives 
clad in armour up to the Capitol, making jests at 
their expense because he had heard that they had 
sworn not to remove their breastplates until they had 
mounted to the Capitol. 

If any of the details, even the smallest, that were 
customary in festivals had been omitted, the cere- 


Zonaras 8, 20. 


Aemilius occupied a hill and remained quiet. The 
Gauls in turn occupied another hill, and for several 
days both sides were inactive; then the Romans, 
through anger at what had taken place, and the bar- 
barians, from arrogance born of their victory, charged 
down from the heights and came to blows. For a 
long time the battle was evenly fought, but finally the 
Romans surrounded the others with their cavalry, cut 
them down, seized their camp, and recovered the 
spoils. After this Aemilius wrought havoc among 
the possessions of the Boii and celebrated a triumph, 
in which he conveyed the foremost captives clad 
in armour up to the Capitol, making jests at their 
expense for having sworn not to remove their breast- 
plates until they had ascended to the Capitol. The 
Romans now not only gained the entire territory 
of the Boii, but also crossed the Po for the. first time 
against the Insubres, whose country they proceeded 
to ravage. 

Meanwhile portents had occurred which threw the 
people of Rome into great fear. A river in Picenum 
ran the colour of blood, in Etruria a good part of the 


45 


BO. 223 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


7 \ / gi. 4% al ” / 
δεύτερον καὶ τρίτον ἐπὶ WNELOV TE ἔτι, μέχρι 
Ν᾿ ὧν / 4 / / ” 
TEP καὶ ἀμέμπτως πάντα γεγονέναι σφίσιν ἔδοξεν, 


μιᾷ γέ τινι ἡμέρᾳ ἀνεωρτάζετο.---Μ. 131 (p. 186). 


Zonaras 8, 20. 
al ἴω ΓΦ, 
σθαι τοῦ οὐρανοῦ πολὺ ἔδοξε, καὶ ἐν τῷ ᾿Αριμίνῳ 
la / ¢ / \ » \ 
pas νύκτωρ ἡμέρᾳ προσεοικὸς ἔλαμψε, καὶ rah: 
λαχόθι τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας τρεῖς σελῆναι νυκτὸς ἐφαντά- 
σθησαν, κἀν τῇ ἀγορᾷ yor ἐφ᾽ ἡμέρας πλείονα 
ἐπ μόλις ee drs 2: be ἡμερᾶς τα ἐγ 
4 n fa! 
ἐνιδρύθη. διά τε γοῦν Ta τέρατα ταῦτα Kal ὅτι 
τινὲς παρανόμως ἔλεγον τοὺς ὑπάτους αἱρεθῆναι, 
/ \ x 
μετεπέμψαντο αὐτούς. δεξάμενοι δὲ τὰ γράμ- 
ματα οἱ ὕπατοι οὐκ εὐθὺς αὐτὰ ἀνέγνων, ἄρτι 
\ / / > \ 
πρὸς πόλεμον καθιστάμενοι, ἀλλὰ προσυμβα- 
\ \ 
“λόντες ἐκράτησαν. μετὰ δὲ THY μάχην avayva- 
A a δ \ / 
σθείσης τῆς ἐπιστολῆς ὁ μὲν Φούριος ἑτοίμως 
> / has / ΄ > / fal ’, 
ἐπείθετο, ὁ δέ γε Φλαμίνιος ἐπαιρόμενος τῇ νίκῃ 
lal , > a a 
τήν τε αἵρεσιν αὐτῶν ἀπεδείκνυ δι αὐτῆς ὀρθῶς 
\ / > ΒΑ, 
ἔχουσαν, καὶ διὰ τὸν πρὸς αὐτὸν φθόνον ἐνέκειτο 
a / v9 
καὶ τοῦ θείου τοὺς δυνατοὺς καταψεύδεσθαι. οὔτ 
a Ν a / 
οὖν ἀπαναστῆναι πρὶν τὸ πᾶν καταστήσασθαι 
» \ / \ \ ΝΜ » | ρον 
ἤθελε, καὶ διδάξειν καὶ τοὺς οἴκοι ἔφη μήτ᾽ ὄρνισι 
μήτ᾽ ἄλλῳ δή τινι τοιούτῳ προσέχοντας ἀπα- 
na 7 \ 
τᾶσθαι.. καὶ ὁ μὲν κατὰ χώραν μένειν ἤθελε καὶ 
a » 
τὸν συνάρχοντα κατέχειν ἐπειρᾶτο, Φούριος δ᾽ οὐκ 
a n , 
ἐπείθετο. τῶν δὲ μετὰ τοῦ Φλαμινίου μελλόντων 
\ / 
καταλειφθήσεσθαι φοβηθέντων μὴ μονωθέντες 
A / / 
πάθωσί τι Tapa τῶν ἐναντίων, καὶ δεηθέντων 
2 u \ 
ἡμέρας τινὰς προσμεῖναι, ἐπείσθη, οὐ μέντοι Kal 


46 


BOOK XII 


monies were always performed a second or a third 
time, and even oftener still, so far as was possible 
in one day, until everything seemed to have been 
done faultlessly. 


Zonaras 8, 20. 


heavens seemed to be on fire, at Ariminum a light like 
the day blazed out at night, in many portions of Italy 
three moons became visible in the night time, and in 
the Forum a vulture perched for several days. On 
account of these portents and also because some 
declared that the consuls had been illegally chosen, 
they summoned them home. The consuls received 
the letter, but did not open it immediately, since 
they were just on the point of beginning the war ; 
instead, they joined battle first and came out victo- 
rious. After the battle the letter was read, and 
Furius was for obeying promptly ; but Flaminius was 
elated over the victory and kept pointing out that it 
showed their election to have been proper, and he 
insisted that in their jealousy of him the nobles 
were even misrepresenting the will of the gods. 
Consequently he refused to depart until he had 
settled the whole business in hand, and he said he 
would teach the people at home, too, not to be 
deceived by relying on birds or any thing of the sort. 
So he was anxious to remain where he was, and strove 
to detain his colleague, but Furius would not heed 
him. However, since the men who were going to be 
left behind with Flaminius feared that if left by them- 
selves they might suffer some disaster at the hands 
of their opponents and begged him to remain for a 
few days longer, he yielded to their entreaties, but 


47 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 20. 

4 Ψ / \ an \ ΄ 
ἔργου ἥψατο. Φλαμίνιος δὲ περινοστῶν τὴν χώραν 
ἔτεμνε καὶ ἐρύματά τινα κατεστρέψατο, τά τε 
λάφυρα πάντα τοῖς στρατιώταις, θεραπεύων av- 

/ ’ f ? \ > ” > / ς \ 
τούς, ἐχαρίσατο. oe δ᾽ οἴκαδε ἐπανελθόντες ὑπὸ 

a / na 

μὲν τῆς γερουσίας αἰτίαν THs ἀπειθείας ἔσχον (διὰ 
γὰρ τὴν πρὸς τὸν Φλαμίνιον ὀργὴν ἠτίμασαν καὶ 

\ / \ \ a > a 
τὸν Φούριον), τὸ δὲ πλῆθος ἀντιφιλονεικῆσαν 
ς \ an / 2 ,ἷ \ / 
ὑπὲρ τοῦ Φλαμινίου ἐψηφίσαντο τὰ νικητήρια. 
καὶ ἀγαγόντες αὐτὰ ἐξέστησαν τῆς ἀρχῆς. 

Ἵχτεροι δὲ ὕπατοι Κλαύδιος “Μάρκελλος καὶ 
Γναῖος Σκιπίων ἀνθαιρεθέντες ἐστράτευσαν ἐπὶ 
τοὺς ᾿Ινσούβρους" εἰρήνην γὰρ αὐτοῖς αἰτήσασιν 
οὐκ ἐψηφίσαντο. καὶ ἄμφω μὲν πρῶτον πολε- 
μοῦντες τὰ πλείω ἐκράτουν, ἔπειτα τὴν συμμαχίδα 
λεηλατουμένην μαθόντες διηρέθησαν. καὶ Μάρ- 

4 
κελλος μὲν ἐπὶ τοὺς ληιζομένους τὴν σύμμαχον διὰ 
ταχέων ἐλθὼν οὐ κατέλαβε σφᾶς ἐκεῖ, φεύγοντας 
δ᾽ ἐπεδίωξε καὶ ὑποστάντας ἐνίκησε, Σκιπίων δὲ 
κατὰ χώραν μείνας ᾿Ακέρας ἐπολιόρκει, καὶ λαβὼν 
αὐτὰς ὁρμητήριον τοῦ πολέμου πεποίηκεν, οὔσας 
ἐπικαίρους καὶ εὐερκεῖς. κἀντεῦθεν ὁρμώμενοι τό 
τε Μεδιόλανον καὶ κωμόπολιν ἑτέραν ἐχειρώσαντο. 
» a 

ἁλόντων δὲ τούτων Kal οἱ λοιποὶ ᾿Ινσοῦβροι ὧμο- 
λόγησαν αὐτοῖς, χρήματα καὶ μέρος τῆς γῆς 
δόντες. 

Εἶτα ΠΠούπλιός τε Κορνήλιος καὶ Μάρκος 
Μινούκιος ἐπ᾽ Ἴστρου ἐστράτευσαν, καὶ πολλὰ 

fal a “ e 
τῶν ἐκεῖ ἐθνῶν τὰ μὲν πολέμῳ, TA δὲ ὁμολογίαις 
ς / / \ > / ᾿ / 
ὑπέταξαν. Λούκιος δὲ Οὐετούριος καὶ Datos Aov- 
τάτιος ἦλθον μέχρι τῶν Αλπεων, ἄνευ δὲ μάχης 
4ὃ 


BOOK XII 


Zonaras 8, 20. 


did not take any active part. Flaminius travelled 
about laying waste the country, reduced a few 
forts, and bestowed all the spoils upon the soldiers 
as a means of winning their favour. At length the 
leaders returned home and were charged by the 
senate with disobedience ; for Furius also incurred 
disgrace because of the anger felt against Flaminius. 
But the populace, in its zeal for Flaminius, opposed 
the senate and voted them a triumph. After cele- 
brating this the consuls laid down their office. 

Other consuls, Claudius Marcellus and Gnaeus 
Scipio, chosen in their stead, made an expedition 
against the Insubres ; for the Romans had not granted 
this people’s request for peace. At first the consuls 
carried on the war together, and were in most cases 
victorious ; but soon, learning that the allied territory 
was being plundered, they separated their forces. 
Marcellus made a quick march against those plunder- 
ing the land of the allies, but found them no longer 
there; he then pursued them as they fled, and 
when they made a stand, overcame them. Scipio 
remained where he was and proceeded to besiege 
Acerrae ; upon taking it he made it a base for the war, 
since it was favourably placed and well walled. And 
setting out from that point, they subdued Mediolanum 
and another town. After these had been captured 
the rest of the Insubres also made terms with them, 
giving them money and a portion of the land. 

Later Publius Cornelius and Marcus Minucius made 
an expedition in the direction of the Ister and sub- 
dued many of the nations there, some by war and 
some by capitulation. Lucius Veturius and Gaius 
Lutatius went as far as the Alps, and without any 


49 
VOL. Il. E 


B.C. 222 


B.C. 2213 


B.C. 220 


53 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


“Ore Δημήτριος ἔκ τε τῆς τοῦ Ilivvov ἐπιτρο- 
fa) \ / fa e 
πεύσεως Kal ἐκ τοῦ τὴν μητέρα αὐτοῦ Τριτεύταν 
a a / a 
τῆς Tevtas ἀποθανούσης γῆμαι ἐπαρθείς, τοῖς τε 
2 / b \ 4s \ na 4 
ἐπιχωρίοις ἐπαχθὴς ἣν καὶ τὰ τῶν πλησιοίκων 
/ fal a 
ἐκακούργει. καὶ ἐδόκει yap τῇ τῶν Ῥωμαίων 
φιλίᾳ ἀποχρώμενος ἀδικεῖν αὐτούς, αἰσθόμενοι 
z χρωὼμ ᾽ με 
ἴω / > / ς \ > ς Ζ 
τοῦτο μετεπέμψαντο αὐτόν. ὡς δὲ οὐχ ὑπήκου- 
na / na 
gev, ἀλλὰ Kal τῆς συμμαχίδος σφῶν ἥπτετο, 
᾽ ΄ τ 2 VN > a " 
ἐστράτευσαν ἐπ αὐτὸν ἐν τῇ loon dvta.—V. 80 
(p. 593). 


Zonaras 8, 20. 


πολλοὺς ὠκειώσαντο. ὁ μέντοι TOV Σαρδιαίων 
ἄρχων Δημήτριος, ὡς ἄνω που 'εἴρηται, τοῖς ἐπι- 
χωρίοις ἐπαχθὴς ἣν καὶ τὰ τῶν πλησιοίκων 
ἐκακούργει καὶ ἐδόκει τῇ Ῥωμαίων φιλίᾳ ἀπο- 
χρώμενος ἀδικεῖν. αἰσθόμενοι δὲ τοῦτο οἱ ὕπατοι 
Αἰμίλιος Παῦλος καὶ Μάρκος Λιούιος μετεπέμ- 
Wavto αὐτόν. ὡς δ᾽ οὐχ ὑπήκουσεν, ἀλλὰ καὶ 
τῆς συμμαχίδος σφῶν ἥπτετο, ἐστράτευσαν ἐπ᾽ 
αὐτὸν ἐν τῇ “loon ὄντα. καὶ προμαθόντες ὅτι 
ὑφώρμει που τῶν κατάρσεων, μέρος τῶν νεῶν εἰς 
τὰ ἐπὶ θάτερα τῆς νήσου προσμῖξαι ἔπεμψαν. 
κἀκ τούτου τῶν ᾿Ιλλυριῶν ἐπ᾽ ἐκείνους ὡς καὶ 
μόνους ὄντας τραπομένων, αὐτοὶ κατὰ σχολὴν 
προσπλεύσαντες ἐν ἐπιτηδείῳ τε ἐστρατοπεδεύ- 
σαντο καὶ προσπεσόντας σφίσιν αὐθημερὸν τοὺς 


50 


BOOK XII 


Demetrius, encouraged by his position as guardian 
of Pinnes and by the fact that he had married the 
latter’s mother Triteuta after Teuta’s death, was not 
only proving oppressive to the natives, but was also 
ravaging the territory of the neighbouring tribes. So 
as soon as they [the consuls] heard of this, they sum- 
moned him before them, since it appeared that it 
was by abusing the friendship of the Romans that he 
was able to wrong those peoples. When he paid 
no heed, but actually proceeded to assail their allies, 
they made a campaign against him in Issa. 


Zonaras 8, 20. 


fighting won over many people. But the ruler of 
the Ardiaeans, Demetrius, as has been stated above, 
was not only proving oppressive to the natives, 
but was also ravaging the territory of the neigh- 
bouring tribes; and it appeared that it was by 
abusing the friendship of the Romans that he was 
able to wrong them. As soon as the consuls, 
Aemilius Paulus and Marcus Livius, heard of this, 
they summoned him before them. When he paid 
no heed, but actually proceeded to assail their 
allies, they made a campaign against him in Issa. 
And having learned in advance that he was lying 
secretly at anchor somewhere in the vicinity of the 
landing-places, they sent a part of their ships to the 
other side of the island to bring on an engagement. 
When the Illyrians, accordingly, turned against these, 
thinking them to be alone, the main force sailed in at 
leisure, and after pitching camp in a suitable place, 

51 


E 2 


B.c. 219 


B.C. 219 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 20. 
᾽ / » ἊΝ “ > / > / lal \ 
ἐπιχωρίους ὀργῇ τῆς ἀπάτης ἀπεώσαντο. τοῦ δὲ 
Δημητρίου ἐς Φάρον ἑτέραν νῆσον διαφυγόντος, 
καὶ ἐπ᾽ ἐκείνην ἔπλευσαν καὶ τῶν ἀντικαταστάν- 
των ἐκράτησαν καὶ τὴν πόλιν ἐκ προδοσίας εἷλον, 
τοῦ Δημητρίου διαδράντος. ὃς τότε μὲν εἰς Μακε- 
δονίαν μετὰ πολλῶν χρημάτων πρὸς Φίλιππον 
τὸν βασιλέα αὐτῆς ἐλθὼν ὑπ᾽ ἐκείνου μὲν οὐκ 
ἐξεδόθη, πρὸς δὲ τοὺς ᾿Ιλλυριοὺς ἐπανελθὼν συνε- 
/ ¢ \ ¢ / \ 46 ,ὔ 
λήφθη ὑπὸ Ρωμαίων καὶ ἐδικαιώθη. 


52 


BOOK XII 


Zonaras 8, 20. 
repulsed the natives, who, in their anger at the de- 
ception, had promptly attacked them. Demetrius’ 
made his escape to Pharos, another island, but they 
sailed to that, overcame resistance, and captured the 
city by betrayal, though only after Demetrius had fled. 
This time he reached Macedonia with large sums of 
money, and went to Philip, the king of the country. 
He was not surrendered by him, but on returning to 
Illyria was arrested by the Romans and put to death. 


53 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XIII 


Zonaras 8, 21. 
a 7 lal -“ 

21. Τῷ δ᾽ ἐχομένῳ ἔτει περιφανῶς οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι 

lal / « 
τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις ἐξεπολεμώθησαν, καὶ ὁ πόλεμος 

A δε / a 
οὗτος τῷ μὲν χρόνῳ πολὺ ἐλάσσων TOD προτέρου 
συμβέβηκε, τοῖς δ᾽ ἔργοις τοῖς τε παθήμασι καὶ 
μείζων καὶ χαλεπώτερος. ἐπῆρε δὲ τοῦτον μάλιστα 
φ' / a a / ς ᾽ 
ὁ ᾿Αννίβας στραταρχῶν τῶν Καρχηδονίων. ὁ ὃ 
᾿Αννίβας οὗτος παῖς τοῦ ᾿Αμίχκου τοῦ Βαρχίδου 
}] / \ 9 / > \ ; \ νυ / 
ἐγένετο, Kal ἐκ παΐδων εὐθὺς ἐπὶ τοὺς Ρωμαίους 
> / es \ \ ἂν © 2 » Ὁ 
ἠσκήθη. πάντας γὰρ τοὺς υἱεῖς ὁ ᾿Αμίλκας ὥσπερ 
/ a 
τινὰς σκύμνους ἐπ᾽ αὐτοὺς τρέφειν ἔλεγεν, ἐκεῖνον 
δὲ πολὺ τῇ φύσει προφέροντα ὁρῶν καὶ ὥρκωσε 
΄ 3 a \ \ a / ΝΜ \ 

πολεμήσειν αὐτοῖς καὶ διὰ τοῦτο Ta TE ἄλλα Kal 

\ / ” a ιν > , 
τὰ πολέμια ἔτι μᾶλλον αὐτὸν ἐξεδίδασκε, πεντε- 
καιδεκαέτη ὄντα" ὅθεν οὐκ ἠδυνήθη θανόντος αὐτῷ 

a \ 
τοῦ πατρὸς τὴν στρατηγίαν διαδέξασθαι. ἐπεὶ δὲ 
ὁ ᾿Ασδρούβας ἐτελεύτησεν, οὐκέτι ἐμέλλησεν, ἐξ 
τότε καὶ εἴκοσιν ἐτῶν γεγονώς, ἀλλὰ τό τε στρά- 
τευμα ἐν τῇ Ἰβηρίᾳ αὐτίκα προκατέλαβε καὶ 
στρατηγὸς ὑπ᾽ αὐτῶν ἀναδειχθεὶς διῳκήσατο καὶ 
παρὰ τῶν οἴκοι τελῶν βεβαιωθῆναι αὐτῷ τὴν 
ἡγεμονίαν. πράξας δὲ ταῦτα προφάσεως εὐπρε- 
ποῦς ἐδεῖτο εἰς τὴν κατὰ Ῥωμαίων ὁρμήν, καὶ 
ταύτην ἐποιήσατο τοὺς ἐν τῇ ᾿Ιβηρίᾳ Ζακυνθίους. 


54 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK ΧΗἧῚ 


Zonaras 8, 21. 


21. In the following year the Romans became 5.0. 218 
openly hostile to the Carthaginians, and this war, 
though of far shorter duration than the previous one, 
proved to be both greater and severer in its 
exploits and its disasters. It was brought on chiefly 
by Hannibal, the general of the Carthaginians. This 
Hannibal was a son of Hamilcar Barca, and from his 
earliest boyhood had been trained to fight against the 
Romans. For Hamilcar said he was rearing all his 
sons like so many whelps to fight against them, and 
when he saw that this one had by far the best nature, 
he made him take an oath that he would wage war 
upon them; accordingly he was engaged in giving 
him a careful training, particularly in warfare, at 
the time of his own death, when the boy was fif- 
teen years of age. Because of his youth Hannibal 
was unable to succeed then to the generalship ; 
upon the death of Hasdrubal, however, he de- 
layed no longer, being now twenty-six years of 
age, but at once took possession of the army in 
Spain, and after being acclaimed general by the 
soldiers, brought it about that the command was 
confirmed to him also by those in authority at home. 
After accomplishing this he required a plausible ex- 
euse for his enterprise against the Romans, and this 
he found in the Saguntines of Spain. These people, 


ne 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 21. 

οὗτοι γὰρ οὐ πόρρω TOD ποταμοῦ οἰκοῦντες τοῦ 
Ἴβηρος, ἄνω τῆς θαλάσσης βραχύ, τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις 
προσέκειντο, κἀκεῖνοι καὶ ἐτίμων αὐτοὺς καὶ ἐν 
ταῖς πρὸς τοὺς Καρχηδονίους συνθήκαις ἐξαιρέ- 
τους ἐπεποιήκεσαν. διὰ ταῦτ᾽ οὖν ὁ ᾿Αννίβας 
πόλεμον ἤρατο πρὸς αὐτούς, εἰδὼς OTL ἢ ἐπι- 
κουρήσουσιν οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι τοῖς Ζακυνθίοις ἢ καί τι 
παθοῦσι τιμωρήσουσι. διά τε οὖν ταῦτα καὶ ὅτι 
μέγαν πλοῦτον κεκτῆσθαι αὐτοὺς ἐγίνωσκεν, οὗ καὶ 
μάλιστα ἔχρῃζε, καὶ ov ἕτερ ᾿ ἄττα! κατὰ Ῥωμαίων 

αὐτῷ συμβαλλόμενα ᾿ τοῖς Ζακυνθίοις ἐπέθετο. 
‘HS Ἰβηρία, ἐν ἡ οἱ “Ζακύνθιοι οἰκοῦσι, καὶ ἡ 
προσεχὴς αὐτῇ πᾶσα ἔν τε τῇ Εὐρώπῃ πρὸς 
δυσμάς ἐστι, καὶ ἐπὶ πολὺ μὲν παρὰ τὴν ἔσω 
θάλασσαν καὶ παρὰ τὰς Ἡρακλείους στήλας τόν 
τε ᾿Ωκεανὸν αὐτὸν προήκει, καὶ προσέτι καὶ τὴν 
ἤπειρον τὴν ἄνω διὰ πλείστου μέχρι τοῦ Ilupy- 
ναίου νέμεται. τὸ γὰρ ὄρος τοῦτο ἐκ τῆς θαλάσσης 
τῆς πάλαι μὲν Βεβρύκων ὕ ὕστερον δὲ Ναρβωνησίων 
ἀρξάμενον ἐς τὴν ἔξω τὴν μεγάλην διατείνει, 
πολλὰ μὲν ἐντὸς αὐτοῦ καὶ σύμμικτα ἔθνη ἔ ἔχον, 
πᾶσαν δὲ τὴν Ἰβηρίαν a ἀπὸ τῆς προσοίκου Γαλα- 
τίας ἀφορίξον. οὔτε δ᾽ ὁμόφωνοι ἢ ἦσαν οὔτε κοινῇ 
ἐπολιτεύοντο. ὅθεν οὐδὲ εἰς ἕν ὄνομα ἐτέλουν" οἱ 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 516. 


Δίων δὲ Κοκκειανὸς τοὺς Ναρβωνησίους Bé- 
βρυκας λέγει, γράφων οὕτω" “τῶν πάλαι μὲν 
Βεβρύκων νῦν δὲ Ναρβωνησίων ἐστὶ τὸ Πυρήναιον 
ὄρος. τὸ δὲ ὄρος τοῦτο χωρίζει ᾿Ιβηρίαν καὶ 
Γαλατίαν." 


! ἕτερ᾽ ἄττα Cary (cf. Zon. 9, 7—p. 192 inf.), ἕτερα αἴτια Mss. 
56 


BOOK XIII 


Zonaras 8, 21. 


dwelling not far from the river Iberus, and a short 
distance from the sea, were dependents of the 
Romans, who held them in honour, and in the treaty 
with the Carthaginians had made a special exception 
of them. Hence, for this reason Hannibal began 
war with them, knowing that the Romans would 
either assist the Saguntines or avenge them if they 
suffered injury. From this motive, then, as well as 
because he knew that they possessed great wealth, 
which he particularly needed, and from various other 
»considerations that promised him advantages against 
the Romans, he made an attack upon the Saguntines. 

Spain, in which the Saguntines dwell, and all the 
adjoining land is in the western part of Europe. It 
extends for a great distance along the inner sea, 
past the Pillars of Hercules, and along the Ocean 
itself ; furthermore, it includes the regions inland 
for a very great distance, even to the Pyrenees. 
This range, beginning at the sea called anciently 
the sea of the Bebryces, but later the sea of the 
Narbonenses, reaches to the great outer sea, and 
contains many diverse nationalities ; it also separates 
the whole of Spain from the neighbouring land of 
Gaul. The tribes were neither of one speech, nor 
did they have a common government. As a result, 
they were not known by one name: the Romans 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 516. 
Dio Cocceianus calls the Narbonenses Bebryces, 
writing thus : “To those who were of old Bebryces, 
but now Narbonenses, belongs the Pyrenees range. 


This range is the boundary between Spain and 
Gaul.” 


57 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 21. 

μὲν γὰρ Ῥωμαῖοι ἹἸσπανούς, οἱ δ᾽ “EXXnves Ἴβη- 
ρας ἀπὸ τοὺ ποταμοῦ Ἴβηρος αὐτοὺς ἐπεκάλεσαν. 

Οἱ μὲν οὖν “Ζακύνθιοι οὗτοι ἐπολιορκοῦντο, καὶ 
ἔπεμψαν πρὸς τοὺς περιοίκους καὶ πρὸς τοὺς 
Ῥωμαίους ἐπικουρίας δεόμενοι. ἀλλὰ τοὺς μὲν 
ὁ ᾿Αννίβας ἐκώλυσεν, οἱ δὲ Ῥωμαῖοι πρέσβεις 
πρὸς ἐκεῖνον πέμψαντες μὴ πελάζειν τοῖς Ζακυν- 
θίοις ἐκέλευον, καὶ εἰ μὴ πείθοιτο, ἐς τὴν Καρ- 
χηδόνα πλεῦσαι εὐθὺς καὶ κατηγορῆσαι αὐτοῦ 
ἐπηπείλησαν. ὁ δ᾽ ᾿Αννίβας ἐκ τῶν ἐπιχωρίων 
πέμψας τινὰς ὡς εὔνοιαν τηροῦντας τοῖς πρέ- 
σβεσιν ἤδη πλησίον οὖσι παρεσκεύασε λέγειν 
αὐτοῖς μὴ παρεῖναι τὸν στρατηγόν, πόρρω που 
ἐς ἄγνωστα χωρία ἀποδημήσαντα. καὶ παρήνουν 
ἀπαλλαγῆναι. ὡς τάχιστα, πρὶν καταγγελθεῖεν 
ὡς πάρεισιν, ἵνα. μὴ διὰ τὴν ἀναρχίαν, τοῦ στρα- 
τηγοῦ μὴ παρόντος, ἀπόλωνται. οἱ μὲν οὖν πι- 
στεύσαντες αὐτοῖς εἰς τὴν Καρχηδόνα ἀπηεσαν" 
γενομένης δὲ ἐκκλησίας οἱ μὲν τῶν Καρχηδονίων 
εἰρήνην ἄγειν πρὸς τοὺς Ῥωμαίους συνεβούλευον, 
οἱ δὲ τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ προσκείμενοι τοὺς μὲν Ζακυν- 
θίους ἀδικεῖν, τοὺς δὲ Ῥωμαίους τὰ μηδὲν σφίσι 
προσήκοντα πολυπραγμονεῖν ἔλεγον. καὶ τέλος 
ἐπεκράτησαν οἱ “πολεμῆσαι σφᾶς ἀναπείθοντες. 

Ἔν τούτῳ δὲ ὁ 0 ᾿Αννίβας σπουδῇ τὰς προσβολὰς 
τῆς τειχομαχίας ἐποιεῖτο. πολλῶν δὲ πιπτόντων 
καὶ πλειόνων τιτρωσκομένων ἐκ τῶν τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου, 
Kal ποτε τῶν Καρχηδονίων κατασεισάντων τι τοῦ 
περιβόλου καὶ κατὰ τὸ ῥῆγμα εἰσελθεῖν τολμη- 
σάντων, ἐπεξέδραμον οἱ Ζακύνθιοι καὶ ἀπεσό- 
βησαν σφᾶς: ὅθεν αὐτοὶ μὲν ἐπερρώσθησαν, oi 
Καρχηδόνιοι δὲ ἐνέδοσαν ἀθυμήσαντες. οὐκ ἀπαν- 


58 


BOOK XIII 


Zonaras 8, 21. 


called them Spaniards, but the Greeks Iberians, from 
the river Iberus. 

These Saguntines, then, upon being besieged, sent 
to their neighbours and to the Romans, asking for aid. 
But Hannibal checked any local movement, while 
the Romans sent ambassadors to him commanding 
him not to come near the Saguntines, and threaten- 
ing, in case he should not obey, to sail to Carthage 
at once and lay accusation against him. When the 
envoys were now close at hand, Hannibal sent some 
of the natives who were to pretend that they were 
kindly disposed to them and who were instructed to 
say that the general was not there, but had gone 
some distance away into parts unknown ; and they 
advised the Romans to depart as quickly as possible, 
before their presence should be reported, lest in the 
disorder prevailing because of the absence of the 
general they should lose their lives. The envoys, 
accordingly, believed them and set off for Carthage. 
And when an assembly had been called, some of the 
Carthaginians counselled maintaining peace with the 
Romans, but the party attached to Hannibal affirmed 
that the Saguntines were guilty of wrongdoing, and 
that the Romans were meddling with what did not 
concern them. Finally those who urged them to 
make war won the day. 

Meanwhile Hannibal in the course of the siege 
was conducting vigorous assaults, in which many of 
his men fell and many more were wounded. One 
day the Carthaginians succeeded in battering down 
a portion of the wall, and had been daring enough to 
enter through the breach, when the Saguntines made 
a sortie and drove them away. As a result the be- | 
sieged were strengthened, and the Carthaginians gave 


59 


δῷ 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ val a 

"Ore of Ῥωμαῖοι τὰ τοῦ πολέμου ἤκμαζον καὶ 

a \ ᾽ / e / > lal > a 
τῇ πρὸς ἀλλήλους ὁμονοίᾳ ἀκριβῶς ἐχρῶντο, 
ὥσθ᾽ ἅπερ τοῖς πολλοῖς ἐκ μὲν ἀκράτου εὐπραγίας 
ἐς θάρσος, ἐκ δὲ ἰσχυροῦ δέους ἐς ἐπιείκειαν 


Zonaras 8, 21-22. 
/ \ \ \ / € a / ei%3 
ἔστησαν δὲ πρὶν τὴν πόλιν ἑλεῖν, καίτοι ἐπ 
fal a / 
ὄγδοον μῆνα τῆς πολιορκίας παραταθείσης" ἐν οἷς 
ἄλλα τε πολλὰ συνηνέχθη καὶ ἄτοπα. καὶ ὁ 
᾿Αννίβας δεινῶς ἐτρώθη. ἥλω δὲ οὕτως. μηχάνημα 
τῷ τείχει προσήγαγον πολύ τε αὐτοῦ ὑπεραῖρον 
\ ς / \ \ > a » \ de 
καὶ ὁπλίτας τοὺς μὲν ἐμφανεῖς ἔχον, τοὺς δὲ 
A a € 
λανθάνοντας. τῶν οὖν Ζακυνθίων τοῖς ὁρωμένοις 
/ 
ὡς μόνοις οὖσι μαχομένων ἐρρωμενέστερον, οἱ 
κεκρυμμένοι τὸ τεῖχος ὑπορύξαντες εἰσεβιάσαντο 
A a / 
καὶ ἔνδον ἐγένοντο. τῷ γοῦν παραδόξῳ οἱ Ζακύν- 
θιοι ἐκπλαγέντες εἰς τὴν ἀκρόπολιν ἀνέδραμον, 
\ > , ᾿ v 3 A ς / 
Kal εἰς λόγους ἦλθον, εἴ πως ἐπιεικεῖ τινι ὁμολογίᾳ 
περισωθεῖεν. ὡς δ᾽ οὐδὲν ὁ ᾿Αννίβας προΐσχετο 
J 50. 7 > a > / \ a ς 
μέτριον οὐδέ τις αὐτοῖς ὠφέλεια πρὸς τῶν Ῥω- 
/ ἢ > a δὴ > 
μαίων ἐγίνετο, ἐπισχεθῆναι τὰς προσβολὰς €&n- 
a lal , 
τήσαντο, ὥς τι περὶ τῶν κατὰ σφᾶς βουλευσό- 
4 
μενοι" κἀν τούτῳ TA τιμιώτατα συμφορήσαντες 
A a ¢ / 
TOV χρημάτων és πῦρ ἐνέβαλον, Kal οἱ μὲν ἀπό- 
μαχοι διεχειρίσαντο ἑαυτούς, οἱ δ᾽ ἐν ἡλικίᾳ 
\ 
ἀθρόοι πρὸς τοὺς ἐναντίους ὡρμήκεσαν Kal προ- 
θύμως ἀγωνιζόμενοι κατεκόπησαν. 
22. Καὶ dv αὐτοὺς οἵ τε Ῥωμαῖοι καὶ οἱ Kap- 
7 
χηδόνιοι ἐπολέμησαν. ὁ yap ᾿Αννίβας καὶ συμμά- 
60 


BOOK XIII 


Tue Romans were at the height of their military 
power and enjoyed absolute harmony among them- 
selves. Thus, unlike most people, who are led 
by unalloyed good fortune to audacity, but by 


Zonaras 8, 21-22. 

way to discouragement. Yet they did not leave the 
city till they had captured it, though the siege 
dragged on to the eighth month. Many untoward 
incidents happened during that time, one of which 
was the dangerous wounding of Hannibal. The 
place was taken in the following manner. They 
brought to bear against the wall an engine much 
higher than the fortifications, and carrying heavy- 
armed soldiers, some visible, some concealed. While 
the Saguntines, therefore, were vigorously fighting 
against the men they saw, believing them to be the 
only ones, those concealed from view dug through 
the wall from below and found their way inside. 
The Saguntines, overwhelmed by the unexpectedness 
of the event, ran up to the citadel and held a 
conference, to see whether by any reasonable con- 
cessions they might be saved. But as Hannibal 
held out no moderate terms and no assistance came 
to them from the Romans, they begged for a cessation 
of the assaults, on the plea that they wished to 
deliberate a little about their present situation. 
During this respite they gathered together the most 
highly prized of their treasures and cast them into 
the flames ; then such as were incapable of fighting 
took their own lives, and those who were in their 
prime advanced in a body against their opponents, 
and fighting zealously, were cut down. 

22. On their account the Romans and the Cartha- 
ginians went to war; for Hannibal, after adding 


61 


δ4 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ n a na 
φέρει, ταῦτα ' αὐτοῖς τότε διαλλαγῆναι: ὅσῳ 
Ν > \ “ » / b] \ an , / 
yap ἐπὶ πλεῖον εὐτύχησαν, ἐπὶ μᾶλλον ἐσωφρο- 
Φ \ a 
νήσων, TO μὲν θράσος, οὗ τὸ ἀνδρεῖον μετέχει, 
πρὸς τοὺς ἀντιπάλους ἐνδεικνύμενοι, τὸ δὲ ἐπιεικές, 
4 O... 8 > / 3 > i» 7 ,ὔ 
οὗ κοινωνεῖ ἡ " εὐταξία," κατ ἀλλήλους παρεχό- 
: / 
μενοι" τήν TE γὰρ ἰσχὺν πρὸς μετριότητος ἀκινδύ- 
νου ἐξουσίαν καὶ τὸ κόσμιον πρὸς ἀνδρείας 
5] a fal > / / \ > / 
ἀληθοῦς κτῆσιν ἐλάμβανον, μήτε THY εὐπραγίαν 
> Ὁ / \ ’ / > / > / 
ἐς ὕβριν μήτε τὴν ἐπιείκειαν ἐς δειλίαν ἐξάγοντες. 
οὕτω μὲν γὰρ τό τε σωφρονοῦν ἐξ ἀνδρείας καὶ 
a / / 
τὸ θαρσοῦν ἐκ δέους" φθείρεσθαι, ἐκείνως δὲ 
\ / ς > b] ὃ , » / \ A 
TO μέτριον UT ἀνὸρείας ἀσφαλέστερον καὶ TO 
3 a ς > > / / / 
εὐτυχοῦν ὑπ᾽ εὐταξίας βεβαιότερον γίγνεσθαι 
ἐνόμιζον. καὶ διὰ τοῦτο καὶ τὰ μάλιστα τούς 
, / 
TE προσπεσόντας σφίσι πολέμους κράτιστα 
διήνεγκαν καὶ τὰ σφέτερα τά τε τῶν συμμάχων 
Ψ 
ἄριστα ἐπολίτευσαν.---Μ. 132 (p. 186). ὅσῳ--- 
ἐνόμιζον Max. Conf. Flor. (cod. Paris. 1169 f. 26°). 
“ Ὁ οι \ a ” Pee 4 a 
Ort ὅσοι ἐντὸς τῶν ᾿Αλπεων ἐνέμοντο τοῖς 
/ / \ 
Καρχηδονίοις συνεπανέστησαν, οὐχ ὅτε τοὺς 
an ¢ 
Καρχηδονίους ἀντὶ τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἡγεμόνας ἀνθῃ- 
a > 9 ὦ \ \ »” lal δ. «ff \ 
ροῦντο, ἀλλ᾽ ὅτι TO μὲν ἄρχον σφῶν ἐμίσουν, TO 
δὲ ἀπείρατον ἠγάπων. ἐκ πάντων μὲν δὴ τῶν 
/ 3 lal ,ὔ 6 a Ἶ ὃ , lites. 
τότε ἐθνῶν σύμμαχοι τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις ἐπὶ 


Zonaras 8, 22. 
\ \ ? δ ΑΒ ’ > , 
yous συχνοὺς προσλαβὼν εἰς τὴν Ἰταλίαν ἡπέγετο. 
1 ταῦτα Cary, ταῦτά τε Ms. 2 οὗ κοινωνεῖ ἡ Kuebler, οὐκ 
ἐν Mss. ὃ εὐταξία Cary, εὐψυχία Mss. 4 ἀκινδύνου Bs., 
ἀκίνδυνον flor., om. palimps. 5 δέους Polak, θάρσους Mss. 


62 


BOOK XIII 


strong fear to forbearance, they at this time had 
a very different experience in these matters. For 
the greater their successes, the more were they 
sobered ; against their enemies they displayed that 
daring which is seen in the brave, but toward one 
another they showed the forbearance which goes 
hand in hand with good order. They used their 
power for the exercise of safe moderation and their 
orderliness for the acquirement of true bravery ; and 
they did not allow either their good fortune to 
develop into arrogance or their forbearance into 
cowardice. They believed that in the latter case 
sobriety was ruined by bravery and boldness by fear ; 
whereas with them moderation was rendered more 
secure by bravery and good fortune surer by good 
order. It was due to this in particular that they 
carried through so successfully the wars that came 
upon them and administered both their own affairs 
and those of the allies so well. 

All who dwelt on the near side of the Alps 
revolted to join the Carthaginians, not because they 
preferred the Carthaginians to the Romans as 
leaders, but because they hated the power that ruled 
them and welcomed the untried. The Cartha- 
ginians had allies against the Romans from every one 


Zonaras 8, 22. 
numerous allies to his force, was hastening toward Italy. 


6 ἐκ πάντων μὲν δὴ τῶν τότε ἐθνῶν σύμμαχοι Bs., ἕκαστον τῶν 
\ te > “ / τ > \ \ 

μὲν δὴ τότε ἐθνῶν σύμμαχον Mai, ἐκ... ντων μὲν δὴ τότε 

ἐθνῶν cuppa... Ms. 


63 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


\ ς / ς a Ν Ψ ᾽ « 
τοὺς “Ῥωμαίους ὑπῆρξαν: πρὸς ἅπαντας δ᾽ ὡς 
> a > \ > / « > / > / 
εἰπεῖν αὐτοὺς ἰσοστάσιος ὁ ᾿Αννίβας ἐγένετο" 

n ,ὔ Ν > / \ » / / > 
συνεῖναί te yap ὀξύτατα Kal ἐκφροντίσαι πάνθ 
ὅσα ἐνεθυμεῖτο τάχιστα ἐδύνατο" καίτοι πέφυκεν 
ὡς πλήθει τὸ μὲν βέβαιον ἐκ βραδυτῆτος, τὸ 

͵ / 
δὲ ὀξύρροπον ἐκ τάχους διανοίας ὑπάρχειν. 
κ᾿... ὠτατος " τε γὰρ ἐκ τοῦ ὑπογυωτάτου καὶ 
διαρκέστατος ἐς τὸ φερεγγυώτατον ἣν" τό τε ἀεὶ 
an 7 lal 
παρὸν ἀσφαλῶς διετίθετο καὶ TO μέλλον ἰσχυρῶς 
προενόει, βουλευτής τε τοῦ συνήθους ἱκανώτατος 
al , 
καὶ εἰκαστὴς τοῦ παραδόξου ἀκριβέστατος γενό- 

a / 

μενος, ἀφ᾽ ὧν TO TE ἤδη προσπῖπτόν οἱ ETOLMOTATA 
καὶ δι’ ἐλαχίστου καθίστατο, καὶ τὸ μέλλον ἐκ 
a a a / ¢ A \ 
πολλοῦ τοῖς λογισμοῖς προλαμβάνων ὡς καὶ παρὸν 
a - \ 
διεσκόπει. κἀκ τούτου Kal τοῖς καιροῖς, ἐπὶ 
lal / / \ 
πλεῖστον ἀνθρώπων καὶ τοὺς λόγους καὶ τὰς 

, ef ; ef wes text Oh a τῷ , 
πράξεις ἐφήρμοζεν, ἅτε καὶ ἐν τῷ ὁμοίῳ τὸ 

͵7ὔ 
τε ὑπάρχον καὶ τὸ ἐλπιζόμενον ποιούμενος. 
a Ψ \ Ἂ 
ἐδύνατο δὲ ταῦθ᾽ οὕτω πράττειν, ὅτε πρὸς τῇ 
an ΄ a / a \ 
τῆς φύσεως ἀρετῇ καὶ παιδείᾳ πολλῇ μὲν 
a fal \ \ 
Φοινικικῇ κατὰ τὸ πάτριον πολλῇ δὲ καὶ 
A \ 
“Ελληνικῇ ἤσκητο, Kal προσέτι Kal μαντικὴν 
τὴν" διὰ σπλάγχνων ἠπίστατο.---Μ. 133 (p. 181); 
. / 
καίτοι---ὑπάρχειν (ὃ 1) Suid. 5. v ὡς ἐπίπαν, 
ce ἃ ΄ 39 Ὁ \ a a , 

ἐν τρισκαιδεκάτῳ," and ὅτι πρὸς TH τῆς φύσεως 

-ἠπίστατο (ὃ 3) Val. 31 (p. 593). 


1 ἐνεθυμεῖτο τάχιστα Bs., ενεθυμειτο (ἢ) . . . Ms. 
> 


2 «...wrtatos Ms. ace. to Bs., Tm. . . ace. to Mai. 
3 μαντικὴν τὴν Rk., μαντικῆς τῆς Ms. 


64 


BOOK XIII 


of the tribes that then existed ; but all of them taken 
together were scarcely Hannibal’s equal. He could 
comprehend matters most clearly and plan out 
most promptly every project that he conceived, 
notwithstanding the fact that, as a rule, sureness is 
the result of deliberation and instability the result of 
a hasty disposition. He was most resourceful (?) in 
the suddenest emergency, and most steadfast with 
the greatest degree of reliability. Not only did he 
safely handle the affair of the moment, but he 
accurately read the future beforehand ; he proved 
himself a most capable counsellor in ordinary events 
and a most accurate judge of the unusual. By these 
powers he not only handled the situation immediately 
confronting him most readily and in the briefest time, 
but also by calculation anticipated the future afar 
off and considered it as though it were actually 
present. Consequently he, above all other men, 
met each occasion with suitable words and acts, 
because he viewed the expected and the actual in the 
same light. He was able to manage matters thus 
for the reason that in addition to his natural 
capacity he was versed in much Phoenician learning 
common to his country, and likewise in much Greek 
learning, and furthermore he understood divination 
by the inspection of entrails. 


65 


VOL, II. F 


4 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Τοιοῦτος οὖν δή τις τὴν ψυχὴν γενόμενος 
ἀντίρροπον καὶ τὸ σῶμα, τὰ μὲν φύσει, τὰ δὲ καὶ 
διαίτῃ, παρεσκεύαστο, ὥσθ᾽ ὅσα ἐνεχειρίξετο 
ῥᾳδίως κατεργάζεσθαι. κοῦφόν τε γὰρ καὶ ἐμβριθὲς 
ὅτι μάλιστα αὐτὸ εἶχε, καὶ διὰ τοῦτο καὶ θεῖν 
καὶ συνίστασθαι ἱππεύειν τε ἀνὰ κράτος ἀσφα- 
λῶς ἐδύνατο. καὶ οὔτε πλήθει ποτὲ τροφῆς 
ἐβαρύνετο οὔτε ἐνδείᾳ ἔκαμνεν, ἀλλ᾿ ἐν ἴσῳ 
καὶ τὸ πλέον καὶ τὸ ἔλαττον, ὡς καὶ αὔταρκες 
ἑκάτερον, ἐλάμβανεν. ταῖς Te! ταλαιπωρίαις 
ἰσχυρίζετο, καὶ ταῖς ἀγρυπνίαις ἐρρώννυτο. 

Οὕτως οὖν δὴ καὶ τῆς ψυχῆς καὶ τοῦ σώματος 
ἔχων τοιᾷδε τῇ τῶν πραγμάτων διαχειρίσει 
ἐπίπαν ἐχρῆτο. τούς τε γὰρ πολλοὺς ἐς μόνον 
τὸ συμφέρον σφίσι πιστοὺς ὁρῶν ὄντας, αὐτός 
τε τοῦτον τὸν τρόπον αὐτοῖς προσεφέρετο καὶ 
ἐς ἐκείνους ταὐτὸν ὑπώπτευεν, ὥστε πλεῖστα 
μὲν ἀπατήσας τινὰς κατορθῶσαι, ἐλάχιστα δὲ 
ἐπιβουλευθεὶς σφαλῆναι. καὶ πολέμιον πᾶν τὸ 
πλεονεκτεῖν δυνάμενον καὶ ἐν τοῖς ὀθνείοις καὶ 
ἐν τοῖς ὁμοφύλοις ὁμοίως ἡγούμενος, οὐκ ἀνέμενε 
τοῖς ἔργοις τὴν διάνοιαν αὐτῶν ἐκμανθάνειν, 
ἀλλ᾽ ὡς καὶ βουλομένους σφᾶς ἀδικεῖν ὅτι ἐδύ- 
ναντο" τραχύτατα μετεχειρίζετο, προποιῆσαί 
τέ τι μᾶλλον ἢ προπαθεῖν ἄμεινον ἡγεῖτο, καὶ 
ἐφ᾽ ἑαυτῷ τοὺς ἄλλους, AAN οὐκ ἐφ᾽ ἑτέροις 
ἑαυτὸν εἶναι ἠξίου. τό τε σύμπαν εἰπεῖν, τῇ 
φύσει τῶν πραγμάτων, ἀλλ᾽ οὐ τοῖς ἐς φήμην 


66 τε supplied by Val. 2? ἐδύναντο Reim., ἐδύνατο Ms. 


BOOK XIII 


In addition to such mental qualities he was also 
equipped with a physique that had been brought to a 
state of equal perfection, partly by nature and partly 
by his manner of life, so that he could carry out easily 
everything that he undertook. He kept his body agile 
and at the same time as compact as possible ; and he 
could with safety, therefore, run, or stand his ground, 
or ride at furious speed. He never burdened him- 
self with overmuch food, nor suffered through lack of 
it, but took more or less with equal readiness, feeling 
that either was satisfactory. Hardship made him 
rugged, and on loss of sleep he grew strong. 

Possessing these advantages of mind and body, he 
managed affairs in general as follows. Since he saw 
that most men were trustworthy only in what 
concerned their own interest, he himself dealt with 
them on this principle and expected the same 
treatment of them, so that he very often succeeded 
by deceiving persons and very seldom failed by being 
the object of a plot. He regarded as enemies all who 
could gain an advantage, whether foreigners or his 
own countrymen, and did not wait to learn their 
intentions from their acts, but treated them very 
harshly, assuming that they were desirous of doing 
whatever injury they could; he thought it better 
to be the first to act than the first to suffer, and 
resolved that others should be in his power rather 
than he in theirs. In short, he paid attention to the 
real nature of things, rather than to the good things 


67 


10 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


a fal € \ 
αὐτῶν εὐδοκιμοῦσιν, ὁσάκις γε μὴ κατ᾽ αὐτὸ 
καὶ ἄμφω συνέπιπτε, προσέκειτο. καὶ μέντοι 

"] \ ty 
καὶ ἐτίμα καθ᾽ ὑπερβολὴν ὅτου δέοιτο: δούλους 
a 4 Ὁ 
τε γὰρ τοῦ τοιούτου τοὺς πλείστους ἡγεῖτο εἶναι, 
καὶ κινδυνεύειν ἐπ᾽ αὐτῷ καὶ παρὰ τὸ συμφέρον 

/ 52 4 ε» \ \ ta) \ a 
σφίσιν ἐθέλοντας ἑώρα. καὶ διὰ ταῦτα Kal TOV 

a \ a ” ἴω ¢Q/ is Ν 
κερδῶν καὶ τῶν ἄλλων τῶν ἡδίστων αὐτὸς μὲν 

3 7 
πολλάκις ἀπείχετο, ἐκείνοις δὲ ἀφθόνως μετεδίδου, 
καὶ ἀπ᾿ αὐτοῦ κοινωνούς σφας καὶ τῶν πόνων 
οὐκ ἀκουσίους ἐκτᾶτο. καὶ τούτοις μὲν οὐχ 
“ 2 / > x \ > / π᾿ 
ὅπως ἰσοδίαιτος ἀλλὰ καὶ ἰσοκίνδυνος ἐγίγνετο, 

an na 
πάνθ᾽ ὅσα ἀπήτει παρ᾽ αὐτῶν πρῶτος ἐκπονού- 
Y \ \ - 
μενος" οὕτω yap Kal ἐκείνους ἀπροφασίστως 
΄ a \ a / a 
καὶ προθύμως, ἅτε μὴ κενοῖς λόγοις 5 αὐτοῦ 
/ 
προσέχοντας, σύμπαντά οἱ συμπράξειν ἐπίστευεν" 
\ a a 
πρὸς δὲ δὴ τοὺς ἄλλους πολλῷ τῷ φρονήματι 
ἀεὶ ἐχρῆτο' ὥστε τοὺς μὲν εὔνοιαν αὐτοῦ τοὺς 
\ / » ane ’ὔ AVS FAG / 
δὲ δέος Ex TE TOU ὁμοδιαίτου Kal ἐκ τοῦ ὑπέρφρο- 
a» > La \ \ 4 
vos παμπληθεῖς ἔχειν. ἐξ οὗπερ Kal τὰ μάλιστα 
δ 4 
TO τε ὑπερέχον κολούειν καὶ TO ταπεινούμενον 
2 ΄ \ lal \ ” a \ , , 
ἐξαίρειν, καὶ τῷ μὲν ὄκνον, τῷ δὲ θάρσος, ἐλπίδα 
a / >] 
τε καὶ ἀπόγνωσιν ὑπὲρ τῶν μεγίστων δι ἐλαχί- 
στου πᾶσιν οἷς ἐβούλετο ἐμποιεῖν ἐδύνατο. 
K ν᾿ ae m9 > 7 \ > a / 

αὐ OTL ταῦτ οὐκ ἄλλως περὶ αὑτοῦ λέγεται 

ἀλλ᾽ ἀληθῆ παραδέδοται, τεκμηριοῖ τὰ ἔργα. 
a \ ᾽ / \ \ ’ / 
τῆς Te yap Ἰβηρίας πολλὰ διὰ βραχέος προσεκτή- 


1 αὐτὸ Val., αὐτὸν Ms. 

2 μὴ κενοῖς λόγοις V. Herw., μήτε τοῖς λόγοις Ms. 

3 κολούειν Val., κωλύειν Ms. 4 re καὶ supplied by Val. 
68 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΠῚ 


said of them, as often as the two did not happen to 
coincide. However, he showed excessive honour to 
any of whom he stood in need; for he considered 
that most men are slaves to such distinction, and saw 
that they were willing to encounter danger for the 
sake of it, even contrary to their own interest. 
For these reasons he often refrained himself from 
opportunities for gain and other most delightful 
pleasures, but gave a share ungrudgingly to them. 
Hence he could get them to be zealous partners in 
hard work also. Furthermore, he subjected himself 
not only to the same conditions of living as these 
men, but also to the same dangers, and was the 
first to perform every task that he demanded of 
them. For he believed that thus they in their 
turn would give him unhesitating and eager support 
in all his projects, since they saw on his part some- 
thing more than empty words. Towards the rest he 
always behaved very haughtily ; and the whole mul- 
titude, in consequence, felt either good-will or fear 
toward him because of their similar conditions of life 
in the one case, and because of his haughtiness in 
the other. Consequently, he was fully able to bring 
low the lofty, to exalt the humble, and in the briefest 
time to inspire any whom he pleased, now with 
hesitation, now with boldness, with hope also and 
despair, regarding the most important matters. 

Now that this is not idle report about him, but 
truthful tradition, his deeds are proof. He won over 
many new districts of Spain in a short time, and from 


69 


11 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


\ \ / a a -“ 
σατο, καὶ τὸν πόλεμον ἐκεῖθεν διὰ τῶν Γαλατῶν, 
> a > / > \ > » ͵ὔ « -“ 
οὐχ ὅτι ἀσπόνδων ἀλλὰ καὶ ἀγνώστων οἱ τῶν 

,ὕ » > \ ’ 7 ᾽ 7 7 
πλείστων ὄντων, ἐς τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν ἐσήγαγε. τάς 
" a > , a > » / 
te ἴΑλπεις πρῶτος ἀνθρώπων τῶν οὐκ Εὐρωπαίων, 

“Ψ al \ a 

ὅσα ye ἡμεῖς ἴσμεν, σὺν στρατῷ διέβη. Kal ἐπ᾽ 
’ \ \ «ς / 

αὐτὴν τὴν Pawn ἐπεστράτευσε, τά TE συμμαχικὰ 
> an > 7 7 \ \ / \ \ LY / 

αὑτῆς ολύγου πάντα, Ta μὲν Bia, τὰ δὲ Kal πείθων, 

> 7] a 7 Ν 

ὠπέρρηξεν. καὶ ταῦτα μέντοι αὐτὸς καθ᾽ ἑαυτὸν 
Uj rn A al 7 

ἄνευ τοῦ κοινοῦ τῶν Καρχηδονίων κατέπραξεν. 
Ud \ \ \ ἴω a 

οὔτε yap τὴν ἀρχὴν ὑπὸ τῶν οἴκοι τελῶν ἐξε- 
7 ΔΩ) ὦ / \ / 2 

πέμφθη, οὔθ᾽ ὕστερον μεγάλης τινὸς βοηθείας παρ 


αὐτῶν ἔτυχε' τῆς γάρ τοι δόξης τῆς τε ὠφελίας 


οὐκ ἐλάχιστα ἀπολαύσειν ἀπ᾽ αὐτοῦ μέλλοντες, μὴ 
ἐγκαταλιπεῖν αὐτὸν δόξαι μᾶλλον ἢ συναίρεσθαι 
ἔν τινι ἰσχυρῶς ἠθέλησαν.---Υ͂. 31 (p. 593). 

Ὅτι ἡ μὲν εἰρήνη καὶ πορίξει χρήματα καὶ 
φυλάσσει, ὁ δὲ δὴ πόλεμος καὶ ἀναλίσκει καὶ 
διαφθείρει.----Μ. 184 (p. 188). 

Ὅτι πέφυκε πᾶν τὸ ἀνθρώπειον δεσπόζειν 
τε ἐπιθυμεῖν τῶν ὑπεικόντων καὶ τῇ παρὰ 
τῆς τύχης ῥοπῇ κατὰ τῶν ἐθελοδουλούντων 
χρῆσθαι.---Μ. 135 (p. 188). 


/ 
᾿Αλλὰ μὴν συνειδότες αὐτὸ " 


, 
Kal πεπειραμένοι 


Zonaras 8, 22. 
πυθόμενοι δὲ ταῦθ᾽ οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι συνῆλθον εἰς 
\ / \ / \ / / 
TO συνέδριον, Kal ἐλέχθη μὲν πολλά, Λούκιος 
δὲ Κορνήλιος Λέντουλος ἐδημηγόρησε καὶ εἶπε 
1 ἀναλίσκει Bk., διαναλίσκει Mai. 2 ἀλλὰ μὴν συνειδότες 


αὐτὸ Bs., combining suggestions of v. Herw. and of Bk., ἀλλ᾽ 
ἡμῖν of τε εἰδότες αὐτὰ Mai, and so perhaps Ms. (except αὐτὸ 3). 


70 


BOOK XIII 


there carried the war into Italy through the country 
of the Gauls, most of whom were not only not 
in league with him, but actually unknown to him. 
‘He was the first of non-Europeans, so far as we 
know, to cross the Alps with an army, and after that 
he made a campaign against Rome itself, sundering 
from it almost all its allies, some by force and others 
by persuasion. This, however, he achieved by 
himself without the aid of the Carthaginian govern- 
ment. He was not sent forth in the beginning by 
the magistrates at home, nor did he later obtain any 
great assistance from them. For although they were 
to enjoy no slight glory and benefit from his efforts, 
they wished rather not to appear to be leaving him 
in the lurch than to codperate effectively in any 
enterprise. 

Peace not only creates wealth but also preserves it, 
whereas war both expends it and destroys it.! 

All mankind is so constituted as to desire to lord 
it over such as yield, and to employ the turn of 
Fortune’s scale against those who are willing to be 
enslaved. 

But do you, who have knowledge of this fact and 

Zonaras 8, 22. 
The Romans, on ascertaining this, assembled in the 


senate-house, and many speeches were delivered. 
Lucius Cornelius Lentulus in his address declared 


1 This and the following fragments (§§ 1-8) seem to be 
taken from speeches delivered in the senate—§ 1 by an un- 
known individual, opposing war, §§ 2 and 3 by Lentulus, 
urging war, and §§ 3-8 by Fabius, in reply to Lentulus. 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


᾽ lal » a « a Ν > / ΄ 
αὐτῶν ἐξαρκεῖν ὑμῖν πρὸς ἀσφάλειαν τήν τε 
> / \ \ / / \ 
ἐπιείκειαν καὶ τὴν φιλανθρωπίαν νομίζετε; Kal 
7 Ἂ Δ / tao ‘ ς Lal A \ 
ὅσα ἂν ἢ λαθόντες ἢ ἐξαπατήσαντες ἡμᾶς ἢ Kal 
7 LO - > > / iQ 1 / 
βιασάμενοι ἀδικήσωσιν ἐν ἀμελείᾳ τίθεσθε, μήτε 
ἴω 2 / / θ 8 / 8 / 
παρορμᾶσθε" μήτε προφυλάττεσθε" μήτε ἀμύ- 
θ τ ἃ. \ / ia OE ὅλ, / θ 5 
νεσθε; ὁ καὶ μέντοι Kal ὅτι οὐδέποτε ἐλογίσασθε 
“Δ᾽ ω \ fa \ \ > / >? al em 
τοῦθ᾽ OTL τὰ τοιαῦτα πρὸς μὲν ἀλλήλους ὀρθῶς ὑμῖν 
ἔχει ποιεῖν, πρὸς δὲ δὴ Καρχηδονίους αἰσχρῶς 
καὶ κακῶς" τοῖς μὲν γὰρ πολίταις καὶ πράως καὶ 
πολιτικῶς χρῆσθαι δεῖ, κἂν γὰρ ἀλόγως τις ® 
fal ς / / bd a \ \ / τ 
σωθῇ, ἡμέτερόν ἐστιν, τοῖς δὲ δὴ πολεμίοις ἀ- 
δῶ τὶ > \ > ἮΝ x a / 
perdas.’ ov yap ἐξ ὧν av σφαλῶμεν φεισάμενοι 
᾽ a b] > 2 Φ' x » 4 
αὐτῶν, ἀλλ᾽ ἐξ ὧν ἂν κρατήσωμεν κολούσαντες 
αὐτοὺς σωθησόμεθα.---Μ. 136 (p. 188). 
“O ξ \ / \ \ > as , 
TL ὁ μὲν πόλεμος καὶ TA οἰκεῖά τισι σώζει 
\ \ > / a ς \ > / > 
καὶ τὰ ἀλλότρια προσκτᾶται, ἡ δὲ εἰρήνη οὐχ 
“ N 7 ΒΟῊΝ a > \ ae \ 
ὅπως τὰ πορισθέντα δι᾽ ἐκεῖνον ἀλλὰ καὶ ἑαυτὴν 
προσαπόλλυσιν.----Μ. 137 (p. 188) and Max. Conf. 
Flor. f. 157° (M. p. 541). 


Zonaras 8, 22. 

μὴ μέλλειν, ἀλλὰ πόλεμον κατὰ τῶν Καρχη- 
δονίων ψηφίσασθαι, καὶ διχῇ διελεῖν καὶ τοὺς 
ὑπάτους καὶ τὰ στρατεύματα, καὶ τοὺς μὲν εἰς 
τὴν Ἰβηρίαν, τοὺς δὲ εἰς τὴν Λιβύην “πέμψαι, | iy 
ὑπὸ τὸν αὐτὸν χρόνον ἥ τε χώρα αὐτῶν πορθῆται 
καὶ οἱ σύμμαχοι κακουργῶνται καὶ μήτε τῇ 
Ἰβηρίᾳ βοηθῆσαι δύνωνται μήτ᾽ ἐκεῖθεν αὐτοὶ ἐπι- 

1 βιασάμενοι ἀδικῆήσωσιν ἐν ἀμελείᾳ τίθεσθε . 33. Ms. now 


illegible. 3 παρορμᾶσθε Bs., παρορμᾶσθαι Ms. ὃ προφυλάττεσθε 
Bs., προσαλλάττεσθαι Mai and Ms. (?) 4 ἀμύνεσθε Bs., ἀμύ- 


72 


BOOK XIII 


who have had experience with these men, believe 
that forbearance and mildness are sufficient for your 
safety? And can you regard with indifference all 
the wrongs they may do us by stealth or deceit, or 
even by violence? Will you not rather bestir your- 
selves, be on your guard in season, and defend 
yourselves? And, indeed, you have never reflected 
that such behaviour is in place for you toward one 
another, while toward the Carthaginians it is cowardly 
and base. Our citizens we must treat in a manner 
both gentle and worthy of citizens; for if one be 
saved unexpectedly, it is our gain. But the enemy 
we must treat unsparingly ; for we shall save our- 
selves, not by the defeats we incur as a result of 
sparing them, but by the victories we win as a result 
of humbling them. 

War both preserves men’s own possessions and 
wins those of others, whereas peace destroys not 
only what has been bestowed by war, but itself in 
addition. 


Zonaras 8, 22. 


they must not delay, but must vote for war against 
the Carthaginians, and must separate the consuls and 
armies into two detachments, sending one to Spain 
and the other to Africa, in order that at one and the 
same time the enemy’s land might be desolated and 
their allies injured ; thus their foes would be unable 
either to assist Spain or to receive assistance from there 


νασθαι Ms. 5 ἐλογίσασθε Bs., ἐλογίσασθαι Ms. 8 tis Mai, 
τι Ms. 7 ἀφειδῶς Bs., ἀσφαλῶς Mai, Ms. uncertain. 


73 


3a 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


᾽ “Ὁ 
Αἰσχρὸν ἄρ᾽ ἐστὶν ἤτοι τὸ κατ᾽ ἀρχὰς μὴ ὀρθῶς 
‘ \ 
δόξαι τι πεποιηκέναι ἢ αὖθις μὴ δεόντως μετ- 
\ a a 
εγνωκέναι"1 τό Te yap ἀπ᾽ ἀρχῆς προπετῶς ἃ 
/ \ 
μὴ χρὴ πράττειν δεινόν ἐστι Kal TO τὰ ἀρέσαντα 
/ 
ἅπαξ ἐμπλήκτως λύειν SevvoTepov.—Max. Conf. 
Flor. in cod. Paris. 1169 f. 18". 
a \ a lal lal 
Δεῖ yap τοὺς ὀρθῶς καὶ καλῶς βιοῦντας καὶ 
τοῖς πράγμασι χρωμένους " προδιασκοπεῖν πρό- 
τερον ἃ δεῖ ποιεῖν, εἶθ᾽ οὕτως τοῖς ἀρέσασι 
χρῆσθαι: αἰσχρὸν γάρ ἐστι πρὸς τὰ ἔργα πρὸ 
ἴω / a \ > ἴων an ’ φ / 
TOV λόγων τῶν περὶ αὐτῶν χωρεῖν, ἐν ᾧ κατορθώ- 
\ > / ca) a 
σαντες μὲν εὐτυχηκέναι μᾶλλον ἢ καλῶς βεβου- 
A / / 
λεῦσθαι δόξετε, σφαλέντες δὲ THY σκέψιν ἀπρο- 
/ Ψ ἡδὲ 4 Ψ 8 a θ \ 
νοήτως ὅτε οὐδὲν ὄφελος ETL? ποιεῖσθαι. καὶ 
/ a / \ 
μέντοι Kal ἐκεῖνο Tis οὐκ οἶδεν, OTL TO μὲν 
a ’ a / 
ἐπιτιμῆσαί τι Kal κατηγορῆσαί τινων προσπο- 
΄, Avr δ δὲ cn U4 \ L 
λεμησάντων ποτὲ ἡμῖν ῥᾷστόν που Kal παντός 
> \ δ᾽ 3 a / / 5 4 = oe \ 
ἐστι, TO ὃ αὖ TH πόλει συμφέρον οὐ * πρὸς ὀργὴν 
ὧν πεποιήκασί τινες, ἀλλὰ πρὸς τὸ χρήσιμον 
n aw A A ᾿7 ’ 
αὐτῆς εἰπεῖν τῇ τοῦ συμβούλου τάξει προσήκει; 
\ / / a 9 / > 
μὴ παρόξυνε πρότερον ἡμᾶς, ὦ Λέντουλε, μηδ 
fo) / as) 
ἀνάπειθε πολεμῆσαι πρὶν ὅτι καὶ συνοίσει τοῦθ 
ἘΠῊΝ ἥδ > a a / », \ / > 
ἡμῖν ἐπιδεῖξαι, σκοπῶν τά TE ἄλλα Kal μάλισθ 
Ν “ Lal “ / 
ὅτι οὐχ ὁμοίως ἐνταυθοῖ τε περὶ τῶν TOD πολέμου 
Zonaras 8, 22. 
κουρηθῶσι. πρὸς ταῦτα Κύιντος Φάβιος Μάξιμος 
δ / 
ἀντέθετο μὴ οὕτως ἐκ παντὸς τρόπου τὸν πόλεμον 


1 / / , 7 
δεόντως μετεγνωκέναι Bs., δέοντος με γνωκέναι Ms. 
2 χρωμένους Bs., χρωμένοις Ms. 3 ἔτι v. Herw., τι palimps., 
ἐστι flor. + συμφέρον οὐ Mai, συμφέρει Ms. 


74 


BOOK XIII 


Thus it is disgraceful to seem either to have taken 
the wrong course in the beginning or to have 
repented later when there was no necessity; for 
serious as it is to make a mistake in one’s haste at 
the outset, it is yet more serious to give up in 
dismay the plan once approved. 

Those whose lives are upright and noble and who 
are concerned with affairs must consider ahead of 
time what needs to be done, and then adopt the 
-course which has met their approval; for it is base 
to proceed to action before there has been discussion 
of the matter. In such a case, if successful, you 
will appear to have enjoyed good fortune rather 
than to have used good judgment, and if defeated, 
to be making your investigation at a time when there 
is no longer any profit in it. And yet who does not 
know that to heap up reproaches and to accuse 
people who have once warred against us is very easy 
—any man can do it—whereas, to state what is advan- 
tageous for the state, not in anger over other men’s 
deeds, but with a view to the benefit of the state, 
is the duty of the advising class? Do not 
arouse us, Lentulus, nor persuade us to go to war, 
until you show us that it will be really to our 
advantage. Reflect particularly—though there are 
other considerations—that speaking here about deeds 


Zonaras 8, 22. 
themselves. To this Quintus Fabius Maximus replied 
that it was not so absolutely necessary to vote for war, 


75 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


πραγμάτων λέγεται Kal ἐν αὐτοῖς τοῖς ἔργοις πράτ- 
τεται.---Μᾶχ. Conf. Flor. in cod. Paris. 1169 ἢ, 18: 
(δεῖ yap τοὺς---ὅτ᾽ οὐδὲν ὄφελός ἐστι ποιήσασθαι) 
and M. 138 (p. 189) (ὅτε αἰσχρόν ἐστι πρὸς τὰ 
ἔργα---πράττεται). 
\ na 
6 Συχνοὺς yap αἱ συμφοραὶ διορθοῦσι, καὶ πολλοὶ 
καλῶς αὐταῖς χρησάμενοι κρεῖττον ἀπαλλάσσουσι 
τῶν εὖ καὶ τελείως πραττόντων καὶ dv αὐτὸ καὶ 
ὑβριζόντων" δοκεῖ γάρ πως ἡ κακοπραγία μέρος οὐκ 
/ ” > / “ / > a \ 
ἐλάχιστον ἔχειν ὠφελίας, ὅτι μήτε ἐκφρονεῖν τοὺς 
ἀνθρώπους μήτε ἐξυβρίζειν ἐᾷ. κράτιστον μὲν γάρ 
x / 
ἐστι φύσει πρὸς πάντα τὰ ἀμείνονα τετράφθαι, Kal 
a > / / \ \ >? / ? in \ 
τῆς ἐπιθυμίας μέτρον μὴ τὴν ἐξουσίαν, ANNA τὸν 
λογισμὸν ποιεῖσθαι: ἂν δέ τις ἀδυνατῇ στέργειν τὸ 
κρεῖττον, λυσιτελεῖ αὐτῷ καὶ ἄκοντι σωφρονεῖν, 
ὥστε ἐν εὐδαιμονίᾳ καὶ τὸ μὴ πάντα εὖ πράττειν 
τίθεσθαι.----Μαχ. Conf. Flor. f. 103" (M. p. 542). 
57,12 Πῶς μὲν yap οὐκ ἄτοπον τά te ἔξω καὶ τὰ 
πόρρω πραττόμενα προθυμεῖσθαι ἡμᾶς κατορ- 
θῶσαι πρὸ τοῦ τὴν πόλιν αὐτὴν ἐπανορθῶσαι; 
val > > / a ’ / 
πῶς δ᾽ ov σχέτλιον τῶν πολεμίων σπουδάζειν 
a \ “a \ / Ss / Ὁ 
κρατῆσαι πρὸ τοῦ τὰ σφέτερα εὖ θέσθαι;---Μακχ. 
Conf. Flor. f. 157° (M. p. 543). 
- lal ς ᾽ὔ 
55,7 Φυλάξασθαι χρὴ μὴ καὶ αὖθίς τε τῶν ὁμοίων 
Zonaras 8, 22. 
a \ / / 
δεν ψηφίσασθαι, ἀλλὰ πρεσβείᾳ χρήσασθαι 
πρότερον, κἂν μὲν πείσωσιν ὅτι οὐδὲν ἀδικοῦσιν, 
ς 7 » xX δ᾽ κὃ la ¢ al / 
ἡσυχίαν ἄγειν, ἂν ὃ ἀδικοῦντες AXWOL, τότε TOAE- 


76 


BOOK XIII 


of war is not the same thing as actually doing 
them. 

Men are often set on their feet by disasters, and 
many who make a wise use of them fare better than 
those who are altogether fortunate and for that 
reason arrogant. Somehow adversity seems to con- 
tain no inconsiderable portion of benefit, because it 
does not permit men to lose their senses or to 
indulge in extreme arrogance. It is most desirable, 
of course, to have a natural inclination toward 
all the best things, and to make not possibility, 
but reason, the measure of desire. But if a man 
be unable to admire the more excellent way, it 
will still pay him to learn moderation, even against 
his will, so as to regard occasional ill success as good 
fortune. 

Now is it not absurd for us to be zealous for 
success in foreign and remote enterprises before we 
set the city itself upon a firm foundation? And is it 
not rash to be eager to conquer the enemy before we 
set our own affairs well in order? 

It is imperative to be on one’s guard against any 

Zonaras 8, 22. 
but that they ought first to send an embassy, and 
then, if the Carthaginians persuaded them that they 


were guilty of no wrong, they should remain quiet, 
but if these were convicted of wrongdoing, they 


77 


ὈΙΟ 5. ROMAN HISTORY 


παθεῖν: ὅπερ που καὶ μόνον ἄν τις ἐκ τῶν συμ- 
ca ᾽ / e \ \ > / / 
φορῶν ὠφεληθείη: ai μὲν yap εὐπραγίαι σφάλ- 
λουσιν ἔστιν ὅτε τοὺς ἀπερισκέπτως τι OL αὐτὰς 
, ς \ 5 / \ \ 
ἐλπίσαντας ὡς καὶ αὖθις κρατήσοντας, τὰ δὲ δὴ 
πταίσματα ἀναγκάζει πάντα τινὰ ἐξ αὐτῶν ὧν 
/ fa) , a a 
πεπείραται καὶ τοῦ μέλλοντος ἀσφαλῶς προορᾶ- 
σθαι.---Μαχ. Conf. Flor. f. 103" (M. p. 542) and Μ. 
139 (p. 189) (ὅτι ai μὲν εὐπραγίαι---προορᾶσθαι). 
“Ore οὐκ ἔστι σμικρὸν οὔτε πρὸς τὴν παρὰ TOV 
θεῶν εὔνοιαν οὔτε πρὸς τὴν παρὰ τῶν ἀνθρώπων 
> / \ \ a a > > 4 / 
εὐδοξίαν τὸ μὴ δοκεῖν πολεμοποιεῖν, ἀλλ᾽ ἀναγκάζε- 
σθαι τοὺς ὑπάρξαντας ἀμύνασθαι.----Μ.140 (Ὁ. 189). 
> / 
Τοιούτων δή τινων ἐπ᾿ ἀμφότερα λεχθέντων, 
Μ / / \ ¢ \ 
ἔδοξέ σφισι παρασκευάζεσθαι μὲν ὡς Kal πολε- 
/ \ / Xt a / 
μήσουσι, μὴ μέντοι καὶ τοῦτο ψηφίσασθαι, 
/ a 
ἀλλὰ πρέσβεις ἐς τὴν Καρχηδόνα πέμψασι τοῦ 
n ‘ a 
᾿Αννίβου κατηγορῆσαι, καὶ εἰ μὲν μὴ ἐπαινοῖεν 
᾽ a 2 
τὰ πραχθέντα ὑπ᾽ αὐτοῦ, δικάσαι, εἰ δ᾽ ἐς 
a / ἴω 
ἐκεῖνον ἀναφέροιεν αὐτά, ἐξαίτησιν αὐτοῦ ποιή- 


Zonaras 8, 22. 


ἴω lal “A / 
μῆσαι αὐτοῖς, iva καὶ τὴν αἰτίαν τοῦ πολέμου ἐς 
> \ > ΄ «ς \ 5 > aA ’ 
αὐτοὺς ἀπωσώμεθα. αἱ μὲν οὖν ἀμφοῖν δόξαι 
a 9 6 > / ? a A \ A 
τοιαῦται Hoar, ws ἐν κεφαλαίῳ εἰπεῖν, TH δὲ βουλῇ 
\ 
παρασκευάζεσθαι μὲν ἔδοξε πρὸς τὴν μάχην, 
7 \ > \ / al \ ἴω 
πρέσβεις δὲ εἰς τὴν Καρχηδόνα στεῖλαι καὶ τοῦ 
a a \ 
᾿Αννίβου κατηγορῆσαι, καὶ εἰ μὲν μὴ ἐπαινοῖεν τὰ 
a \ 
πραχθέντα, δικάσαι, εἰ δ᾽ εἰς ἐκεῖνον αὐτὰ ava- 


78 1 καὶ added by Bs., small space in Ms, 


BOOK XIII 


similar experience again; this is the only benefit 
that one can receive from disasters. Successes 
occasionally ruin those who unthinkingly base their 
hopes upon them, believing they are sure of another 
victory, whereas failures compel every one as a result 
of his past experiences to provide securely for the 
future. 

For securing either the favour of the gods or a 
good reputation among men it is no small thing 
to avoid the appearance of beginning war, and to 
seem forced rather to defend oneself against 
aggression. 

After speeches of this character on both sides 
they decided to prepare for war; they would not 
vote for this, however, but decided to send envoys to 
Carthage and denounce Hannibal. Then, if the 
Carthaginians did not approve his deeds, they 
would arbitrate the matter, or if the responsi- 
bility were put upon him, they would present a 


Zonaras 8, 22. 
should then wage war upon them—“in order,” he 
added, “ that we may also cast the responsibility for 
the war upon them.” The opinions of the two men 
were substantially these. The senate decided to 
prepare, indeed, for the struggle, but to send 
envoys to Carthage and denounce Hannibal; and 
if the Carthaginians did not approve his deeds, 
they would arbitrate the matter, or if the respon- 
sibility were put upon him, they would demand his 


79 


10 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


ΕΝ \ » a > / » \ 7 \ 
σασθαι, κἂν μὲν ἐκδῶσιν αὐτόν,---εἰ δὲ μή, τὸν 
/ / al 
πόλεμόν σφισιν ἐπαγγεῖλαι.----Μ. 141 (p. 190). 
, \ a 
Ὅτι ὡς οὐδὲν σαφὲς of Καρχηδόνιοι τοῖς 
, > 7, > \ eas > ΄, 
πρέσβεσιν ἀπεκρίναντο, ἀλλὰ καὶ ἐν ὀλυγωρίᾳ 
> \ b] a «ς / e A a / 3 
αὐτοὺς ἐποιοῦντο, ὁ Φάβιος ὁ Μᾶρκος ' τάς τε 


Zonaras 8, 22. 
φέροιεν, ἐξαιτήσασθαι αὐτόν, κἂν μὴ ἐκδῶσι, τὸν 
πόλεμον ἐπαγγεῖλαι αὐτοῖς. 

Τῶν γοῦν πρέσβεων ἀπελθόντων οἱ Καρχη- 
δόνιοι τὸ ποιητέον ἐσκόπουν. καί τις ᾿Ασδρούβας, 
εἷς τῶν ὑπὸ τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου προπαρεσκευασμένων, 
συνεβούλευσε σφίσι χρῆναι τήν τε ἀρχαίαν ἐλευ- 
θερίαν ἀνακτήσασθαι καὶ τὴν ἐκ τῆς εἰρήνης δου- 
λείαν ἀποτρίψασθαι καὶ χρήμασι καὶ δυνάμεσι 
καὶ συμμάχοις συγκεκροτημένοις, ἐπαγαγὼν ὅτι 

“κἂν τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ μόνῳ ὅσα βούλεται πρᾶξαι 
ἐπιτρέψητε, καὶ τὰ προσήκοντα ἔσται καὶ οὐδὲν 
αὐτοὶ πονήσετε.᾽᾽ τοιαῦτα δὲ αὐτοῦ εἰπόντος, 


” (s / > 4 a na 3 / 
Αννων ὁ μέγας ἐναντιούμενος τοῖς τοῦ Ασδρού- 


βου λόγοις γνώμην εἰσήνεγκε μήτε ῥᾳδίως μήτε 
μικρῶν καὶ ἀλλοτρίων ἐγκλημάτων ἕνεκα τὸν 
πόλεμον ἐφ᾽ ἑαυτοὺς ἐπισπάσασθαι, παρὸν τὰ 
μὲν λῦσαι, τὰ δὲ ἐς τοὺς δράσαντας αὐτὰ τρέψαι. 
καὶ ὁ μὲν ταῦτα εἰπὼν ἐπαύσατο, τῶν δὲ Καρχη- 
δονίων οἱ μὲν πρεσβύτεροι καὶ τοῦ πρὶν μεμνη- 
μένοι πολέμου αὐτῷ συνετίθεντο, οἱ δ᾽ ἐν ἡλικίᾳ 
καὶ μάλισθ᾽ ὅσον. τὰ τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου ἔπραττον 
ἰσχυρῶς ἀντέλεγον. ὡς δ᾽ οὐδὲν σαφὲς ἀπεκρί- 
vavTo καὶ ἐν ὀλιγωρίᾳ τοὺς πρέσβεις εἶχον, ὁ 
Μάρκος" ὁ Φάβιος τὰς χεῖρας ὑπὸ τὸ ἱμάτιον 

1 Willems suggests that Μᾶρκος is here a corruption of 


Μάξιμος. 
80 


BOOK XIII 


demand for his surrender ; and if he were given up, 
well and good; otherwise they would declare war 
upon them. 

When the Carthaginians made no definite answer 
to the envoys and actually showed contempt for 
them, Marcus! Fabius thrust his hands beneath 


Zonaras 8, 22. 
surrender, and if he were not given up, they would 
declare war upon the nation. 

The envoys accordingly set out, and the Cartha- 
ginians considered what must be done. Now a 
certain Hasdrubal, one of those who had _ been 
primed by Hannibal, counselled them that they 
ought to win back their ancient freedom and shake 
off, by means of money and troops and allies com- 
bined, the slavery imposed by peace, adding: “If 
you will but permit Hannibal to act by himself as 
he wishes, the proper thing will be done, and you 
will have no trouble yourselves.” After such words 
on Hasdrubal’s part the great Hanno, in opposing 
this argument, expressed the opinion that they ought 
not to draw war upon themselves lightly nor for 
small complaints concerning foreigners, when it was 
in their power to settle some of the complaints and 
divert the rest upon the heads of those who were 
responsible. With these remarks he ceased, and the 
elder Carthaginians, who remembered the former 
war, sided with him; but the younger men, and 
especially all the partisans of Hannibal, violently 
opposed him. When, then, they made no definite 
answer and showed contempt for the envoys, 
Marcus! Fabius, thrusting his hands beneath his 


1 See note on the Greek text. 


SI 
VOR, 1. G 


56 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


a ¢ \ \ ε / ig / \ € / 
χεῖρας ὑπὸ TO ἱμάτιον ὑπέβαλε Kal ὑπτιάσας 
a" ” ecbal.N \ > ay Φ / \ 
αὐτὰς ἔφη “ ἐγὼ μὲν ἐνταῦθ᾽, ὦ ἹΚαρχηδόνιοι, καὶ 
\ / \ \ > / / ¢ “ > «ς / 
TOV πόλεμον καὶ τὴν εἰρήνην φέρω, ὑμεῖς δ᾽ ὁπό- 
ΕῚ a / ” [χὰ » > 
τερον αὐτῶν βούλεσθε ἄντικρυς ἕλεσθε." ἀποκρι- 
\ \ an \ / a “- 
ναμένων δὲ πρὸς τοῦτο καὶ τότε αὐτῶν αἱρεῖσθαι 
/ / 
μὲν μηδέτερον, δέχεσθαι δὲ ἑτοίμως ὁπότερον 
/ - 
ἄν σφισι καταλίπωσι, τὸν πόλεμον αὐτοῖς ἐπήγ- 
γείλεν---Μ. 142 (p. 190). 
vA ec a / \ / 
ὁτι οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι Ναρβωνησίους πρὸς συμμαχίαν 
ἐκάλουν: οἱ δὲ οὔτε τι πρὸς τῶν Καρχηδονίων 
» 95 \ cal ¢ ’ 
κακὸν οὔτ᾽ αὖ πρὸς τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἀγαθόν, ὥστε 
τοῖς μὲν πολεμῆσαι, τοῖς δὲ ἀμῦναι, πεπονθέναι 
3 an 
πώποτε ἔφασαν, καὶ πάνυ δι’ ὀργῆς αὐτοὺς ἔσχον, 
ἐπικαλοῦντές σφισιν ὅτι πολλὰ καὶ δεινὰ τοὺς 
ὁμοφύλους αὐτῶν ἐδεδράκεσαν.---Μ. 143 (p. 190). 


Zonaras 8, 22. 


ὑποβαλὼν καὶ ὑπτιάσας αὐτὰς ἔφη γα ἐγὼ μὲν 
ἐνταῦθ᾽, ὧ Καρχηδόνιοι, καὶ τὸν πόλεμον καὶ τὴν 
εἰρήνην φέρω, ὑμεῖς δ᾽ ὁπότερον αὐτῶν βούλεσθε 
ἕλεσθε." ἀποκριθέντων. δὲ μηδέτερον μὲν αἱρεῖ- 
σθαι, δέχεσθαι δ᾽ ἑτοίμως. ὁπότερον καταλεί- 
ψουσιν, ἐπήγγειλεν, αὐτοῖς αὐτίκα τὸν πόλεμον. 

Οὕτω μὲν οὖν καὶ διὰ ταῦτα οἵ τε Ῥωμαῖοι. καὶ 
οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι τὸ δεύτερον ἐπολέμησαν. καὶ τὸ 
δαιμόνιον τὰ γενησόμενα προεσήμηνεν. ἐν γὰρ τῇ 
Ῥώμῃ ἀνθρωπίνως ἐλάλησε βοῦς, καὶ ἕτερος ἐν τῇ 
τῶν Ῥωμαίων πανηγύρει ἐξ οἰκίας εἰς τὸ Τίβεριν 
ἑαυτὸν ἔρριψε καὶ ἐφθάρη, κεραυνοί τε πολλοὶ 
ἐφέροντο, καὶ αἷμα τὸ μὲν ἐξ ἀγαλμάτων ὥφθη, 
82 


BOOK XIII 


his toga, and holding them with palms upward, 
exclaimed: “I bring you here, Carthaginians, both 
war and peace; choose once for all whichever of them 
you wish.” Upon their replying then and there to 
this challenge that they chose neither, but would 
readily accept whichever the Romans left with them, 
he declared war upon them. 

The Romans invited the Narbonenses to an 
alliance. But these people declared that they had 
never suffered any harm from the Carthaginians 
nor received any favour from the Romans that 
they should war against the one or defend the 
other, and were quite angry with them; for they 
accused them of having done their kinsmen many 
wrongs. ᾿ 


Zonaras 8, 22. 


toga, and holding them with palms upward, ex- 
claimed: “1 bring you here, Carthaginians, both war 
and peace: choose whichever of them you wish.” 
Upon their replying that they chose neither, but 
would readily accept whichever the Romans should 
leave, he immediately declared war upon them. 

In this way, then, and for these reasons the 
Romans and the Carthaginians went to war for 
the second time. Now Heaven had _ indicated 
beforehand what was to come to pass. For in Rome 
an ox talked with a human voice, and another at the 
Ludi Romani hurled himself out of a house into the 
Tiber and perished, many thunderbolts fell, and 
blood in one case was seen issuing from sacred 

83 


Ga 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras'8, 22. 
\ \ > > / / > £ δι ἡ 
τὸ δὲ ἐξ ἀσπίδος στρατιώτου ἐρρύη, ἑτέρου τε 
’ ἴω ‘al 
ξίφος ἐξ αὐτοῦ τοῦ στρατοπέδου λύκος ἥρπασε. 
fal .,-% / / \ \ A \ 
τῷ δ᾽ ᾿Αννίβᾳ θηρία πολλὰ Kal ἄγνωστα τὸν 
of | ὃ / θ ΄ \ ” 
βηρα διαβαίνοντε προκαθηγήσατο, καὶ ὄψις 
5 / > / ” / \ \ b] 
ὀνείρον ἐφάνη. ἔδοξε γάρ ποτε τοὺς θεοὺς ἐν 
ἐκκλησίᾳ καθημένους μεταπέμψασθαί τε αὐτὸν 
\ Ἷ Ἶ a 1h [τ Ψ' μ > \ > / 
καὶ στρατεῦσαι ὅτι τάχιστα εἰς τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν 
an an a ε an 
προστάξαι καὶ λαβεῖν παρ᾽ αὐτῶν τῆς ὁδοῦ ἡγε- 
μόνα, καὶ ἀμεταστρεπτὶ ὑπ᾽ αὐτοῦ κελευσθῆναι 
ἕπεσθαι: μεταστραφῆναι δὲ καὶ ἰδεῖν χειμῶνα 
“ \ A 
μέγαν χωροῦντα καὶ δράκοντα αὐτῷ ἐπακολου- 
fa \ 
θοῦντα ἀμήχανον, καὶ θαυμάσαι ἐρέσθαι τε τὸν 
a a > 
ἀγωγὸν τί ταῦτα εἶεν" Kal τὸν εἰπεῖν “ ὦ ᾿Αννίβα, 
- ’ / 37 
ταῦτα συμπορθήσοντά σοι τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν ἔρχεται. 


BOOK XIII 


Zonaras 8, 22. 


statues, whereas in another it dripped from the 
shield of a soldier, and the sword of another soldier 
was carried off by a wolf from the very midst of the 
camp. And in the case of Hannibal, many unknown 
wild beasts went before him leading the way, as he 
was crossing the Iberus, and a vision appeared to him 
inadream. He thought once that the gods, sitting 
in assembly, sent for him and bade him march with 
all speed into Italy and receive from them a guide 
for the way, and that by this guide he was com- 
manded to follow without turning around. He did 
turn, however, and saw a great tempest moving 
along and an immense serpent following in its wake. 
In surprise he asked his conductor what these were ; 
and the guide said: “ Hannibal, these are on their 
way to help you in the sack of Italy.” 


85 


57 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XIV 


Ὅτι ἀπὸ τοιαύτης φησὶν ὁ Δίων ἐκεῖθεν ἤδη 
προσδοκίας Ῥωμαίους καὶ Καρχηδονίους καθί- 
στασθαι μέγιστον τῇ γνώμῃ τὸ διάφορον ἐς 
τὴν τοῦ πολέμου διαχείρισιν εἰληφότας. τό τε 
γὰρ εὔελπι πρὸς εὐθυμίαν πάντας ἀνθρώπους 
ἄγον προθυμοτέρους τε αὐτοὺς καὶ ἔχεγγυωτέρους 
πρὸς πίστιν τοῦ κρατήσειν παρέχεται, καὶ τὸ 
δύσελπι ἔς τε ἀθυμίαν καὶ ἐς ἀπόγνωσιν ἐμβαλὸν 
καὶ τὴν ῥώμην τῆς εὐψυχίας apatpetrar.—M. 144 
(p. 191). 


Zonaras 8, 23. 


23. Ταῦτα τῷ μὲν ᾿Αννίβᾳ χρηστὴν ἐλπίδα, 
τοῖς δὲ Ῥωμαίοις δεινὴν ἐ ἐνεποίει ἐκφόβησιν. διχῇ 
δὲ τὰς δυνάμεις οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι διελόντες καὶ τοὺς 
ὑπάτους, Σεμπρώνιον μὲν Λόγγον ἐς Σικελίαν 
ἔπεμψαν, ἐς δὲ τὴν ᾿βηρίαν Σκιπίωνα Πούπλιον. 
ὁ δὲ ᾿Αννίβας εἰς τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν ὡς τάχιστα ἐπι- 
θυμῶν εἰσβαλεῖν, σπουδῇ ἐχώρει, καὶ πᾶσαν τὴν 
Γαλατίαν τὴν μεταξὺ τοῦ Πυρηναίου καὶ τοῦ 
“Ῥοδανοῦ οὖσαν ἀμαχεὶ διῆλθε. καὶ μέχρι μὲν τοῦ 
on τοῦ ‘Podavod οὐδεὶς εἰς “χεῖρας ἧκεν αὐτῷ, 
ἐκεῖ δ᾽ ὁ Σκιπίων ἐπεφάνη, καίπερ μὴ παρούσης 


86 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XIV 


Wirn these expectations and for these reasons, 
Dio says, the Romans and Carthaginians had come 
to hold the most divergent opinions regarding the 
conduct of the war. For hopefulness, in that it 
leads all men to cheerfulness, makes them also 
more zealous and confident in the belief that they 
will be victorious ; whereas hopelessness casts them 
into dejection and despair, and robs even courage of 


its strength. 


Zonaras 8, 23. 


23. These things inspired Hannibal with good 
hope, but threw the Romans into a state of profound 
terror ; they divided their forces into two parts and 
sent out the consuls, Sempronius Longus to Sicily 
and Publius Scipio to Spain. Hannibal, desiring to 
invade Italy with all possible speed, marched on 
hurriedly, and traversed without a conflict the whole 
of Gaul lying between the Pyrenees and the Rhone. 
As far as the Rhone river no one came to oppose 
him, but at that point Scipio showed himself, although 


2 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Oia mov! 


a / 
οὗν φιλεῖ τά τε διὰ πλείστου Kal 
\ > J / » \ > / / 
Ta ἐν ἀγνωσίᾳ ὄντα πολλοὺς ἐκταράσσειν, δέος 
lal ” ᾽ » / > / \ / 
τοῖς Ἴβηρσιν οὐκ ἐλάχιστον ἐνεποίει. TO γάρ 
\ a ς / \ \ > ΕἸ > / \ 
TOL πολὺ TOU ομίλον, TO μὴ aT οἰκείας τινὸς 
δον ’ ow / / / 
αἰτίας ἀλλ ἐν συμμαχίας λόγῳ στρατευομενον, 
ἐπὶ τοσοῦτον ἔρρωται ἐφ᾽ ὅσον ἂν ὠφελήσεσθαί 5 
> Α / 4 \ \ 3 \ a 
Te ἀκινδύνως ἐλπίσωσιν': ὅταν δὲ δὴ ἐγγὺς τῶν 
> ΄ / / 3 / a na 
ἀγώνων γένωνται, Tas τε ἐλπίδας τῶν κερδῶν 
/ \ / n J 
ἐξίστανται καὶ τὰς πίστεις τῶν ὑποσχέσεων 
7 Ν tal a 
ἐγκαταλείπουσι. Kal TO μὲν πλεῖστον ταῖς γνώ- 
/ 
pals, ὡς Kal πάντῃ πάντως κατορθώσοντας, 
λαβεῖν" εἰ δ᾽ οὖν τι καὶ σφαλεῖεν, ἐλάχιστον αὐτὸ 
ἃ / 
πρὸς ἃ ἀντήλπιζον voutCew.—M. 145 (p. 191). 


Zonaras 8, 23. 
αὐτῷ THs δυνάμεως. ὅμως μετὰ TOV ἐπιχωρίων 
καὶ τῶν αὐτοῖς προσοίκων τά τε πλοῖα τὰ ἐν τῷ 
ποταμῷ προδιέφθειρε καὶ τὸ ῥεῦμα αὐτοῦ διὰ 
φυλακῆς ἐποιήσατο. ὁ οὖν ᾿Αννίβας ἔτριψε μέν 
τινα χρόνον καὶ σχεδίας καὶ σκάφη ἄλλα τε καὶ 
μονόξυλα κατασκευάζων, ἔφθη δ᾽ οὖν ὑπὸ πολυ- 
χειρίας τὰ πρὸς περαίωσιν ἀναγκαῖα πάντα, πρὶν 
τῷ Σκιπίωνι τὸ οἰκεῖον ἀφικέσθαι στράτευμα, 
προετοιμασάμενος. καὶ τὸν ἀδελφὸν Μάγωνα σὺν 
τοῖς ἱππεῦσι καὶ ψιλοῖς τισιν, ἣ σκεδάννυται ὁ 
ποταμὸς ἐπὶ πολὺ καὶ νήσοις διαλαμβάνεται, 
διαβησόμενον ἔπεμψεν, αὐτὸς δὲ κατὰ τὸν ἐμφανῆ 
πόρον ἐχώρει δῆθεν, ἵν᾿ οἱ Γαλάται ἀπατηθεῖεν, 
1 που Mai, mor’ Ms. 
88 ὁ ὠφελήσεσθαιν. Herw., ὠφεληθήσεσθει Ms. 


BOOK XIV 


Even as matters at a great distance and unknown 
are wont to disturb a great many, so now they 
struck no little fear to the hearts of the Spaniards. 
For the majority of a multitude making a campaign 
not for any reason of its own but in the capacity of 
allies is a strong force just so long as the men 
have hopes of obtaining some benefit without 
danger; but when they have come close to the 
conflict, they abandon their hopes of gain and lose 
their faith in promises. And for the most part they 
get it into their heads that they are by all means 
going to be successful in every case ; consequently, 
even if they should meet with some reverse, they 
regard it lightly in comparison with the hopes which 
have been offsetting it.! 


Zonaras 8, 23.. 
his troops were not with him. Nevertheless, with the 
help of the natives and their nearest neighbours, he 
had already destroyed the boats in the river and had 
posted guards over the stream. Hannibal, therefore, 
consumed some time in building rafts and skiffs, some 
out of single logs; but still, with the help of 
numerous workers, he had everything ready that was 
needful for crossing before Scipio’s army arrived. 
He sent his brother Mago, accompanied by the 
horsemen and a few light troops, to cross at a point 
where the river spreads out to a considerable 
width, its course being interrupted by islands ; 
but he himself made a show of crossing by the 
visible ford, his object being that the Gauls should 


1 The excerptor has apparently abridged Dio very care- 
lessly here. 89 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


{7 \ A / 
Oru ἐπεὶ τῷ πλήθει TOD στρατοῦ τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου 

O\ lal 
οὐδὲν τῶν παρασκευαζομένων ἐξήρκει. .. ἵ καί 
τίνος αὐτῷ διὰ τοῦτο γνώμην δόντος ταῖς τῶν 
» / \ \ / / \ 
ἐναντίων σαρξὶ τοὺς στρατιώτας σιτίζειν, τὸ 

Ν a a 
μὲν πρᾶγμα οὐκ ἐδυσχέραινε, φοβεῖσθαι δὲ ἔφη 
μήποτε τοιούτων σωμάτων ἀπορήσαντες ἐπ᾽ 
. ἀλληλοφαγίαν τράπωνται.---Μ. 146 (p. 191). 


Zonaras 8, 23. 


πρὸς αὐτὸν ἀντιταττόμενοι, καὶ ἀμελέστερον ἐν 
ἄλλοις τοῦ ποταμοῦ τὴν φυλακὴν θῶνται" ὃ καὶ 
γέγονε. καὶ ὁ Μάγων διέβη τὸν ποταμόν, ὁ δὲ 
᾿Αννίβας καὶ οἱ περὶ αὐτὸν κατὰ τὸν πόρον ἐπε- 
ραιοῦντο. καὶ γενόμενοι κατὰ τὸ μέσον ἠλάλαξαν, 
καὶ οἱ σαλπιγκταὶ δὲ συνήχησαν" καὶ ὁ Μάγων 
κατὰ νώτου τοῖς ἀνθεστηκόσι προσέπεσε καὶ 
οὕτως οἵ τε ἄλλοι καὶ οἱ ἐλέφαντες ἀκινδύνως 
ἐπεραιώθησαν. ἄρτι δὲ περαιωθέντων αὐτῶν καὶ 
τῷ Σκιπίωνι ἡ οἰκεία ἀφίκετο δύναμις. πέμψαντες 
οὖν εἰς π προσκοπὴν ἱππέας ἀμφότεροι τοιούτῳ 
τέλει τῆς ἱππομαχίας ἐχρήσαντο ὁποῖον ὁ σύμπας 
ἔσχηκε πόλεμος" οἱ γὰρ Ῥωμαῖοι καὶ ἔλαττον τὴν 
πρώτην ἐνεγκάμενοι καὶ συχνοὺς ἀποβαλόντες 
ἐνίκησαν. 

᾿Εντεῦθεν ᾿Αννίβας ἀπιέναι πρὸς ᾿Ιταλίαν σπεύ- 
δων, ὑποπτεύων δὲ τὰς ἐπιτομωτέρας τῶν ὁδῶν, 
ἐκείνας μὲν παρεξῆλθεν, ἑτέραν δὲ πορευθεὶς 

1 Lacuna recognized by Bk. 


90 


BOOK XIV 


When the preparations that had been made 
proved to be in no wise commensurate with the size 
of Hannibal’s army, and some one on this account 
suggested to him that the soldiers be fed on the flesh 
of their opponents, he did not take the idea amiss, 
but said he feared that some day through lack of 
bodies of that kind they might turn to eating one 
another. 


Zonaras 8, 23. 


be deceived and array themselves against him only, 
while stationing their guards with less care at 
other points along the river. And this is exactly 
what occurred. Mago had already got across the 
river when Hannibal and his followers were crossing 
by the ford. On reaching the middle of the stream 
they raised the war cry and the trumpeters joined with 
the blare of their instruments ; and Mago fell upon 
their opponents from the rear. In this way the 
elephants and all the rest crossed in safety. They 
had just finished crossing when Scipio’s force 
arrived. Both sides, accordingly, sent horsemen to 
reconnoitre, and a cavalry battle ensued, with the 
same result as attended the war as a whole: the 
Romans, that is, after first getting the worst of it 
and losing a number of men, were in the end 
victorious. 

Then Hannibal, in haste to set out for Italy, but 
suspicious of the more direct roads, turned aside 
from them and followed another, on which he met 


ΟΙ 


4 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


"Ore ’AvviBas' πρὶν ἔργου ἔχεσθαι συγκαλέσας 
τοὺς στρατιώτας παρήγαγε τοὺς αἰχμαλώτους 
ods κατὰ τὴν ὁδὸν εἰλήφει, καὶ ἐπύθετο αὐτῶν 


πότερα δεδέσθαι τε ἐν πέδαις καὶ δουλεύειν 


Zonaras 8, 23. 

ἰσχυρῶς ἐπόνησε. τά TE yap ὄρη ἐκεῖνα ἀποτο- 
μώτατά ἐστι καὶ ἡ χιὼν πολλὴ γενομένη καὶ τὰς 
φάραγγας ὑπ᾽ ἀνέμων πληρώσασα καὶ ὁ κρύσταλ- 
λος ἰσχυρότατα παγεὶς δεινῶς σφᾶς ἐταλαυπώ- 
pnoe καὶ πολλοὶ τῶν αὐτοῦ στρατιωτῶν ὑπό τε 
τοῦ χειμῶνος καὶ ὑπὸ σιτοδείας ἀπώλοντο, πολλοὶ 
δὲ \ ” ὃ ) ΄ Ψ δὲ / ef \ 
é καὶ οἴκαδε ἀνεχώρησαν. ἔχει δὲ λόγος OTL Kal 

> \ > 7 » > \ / > 
αὐτὸς ἀνέστρεψεν av, εἰ μὴ πλείων Kal ἀπο- 
ρωτέρα ἡ προδιηνυσμένη ὁδὸς τῆς λειπομένης 

\ a 

ἐτύγχανε. διὰ μὲν δὴ τοῦτο οὐκ ἀπετράπετο, 
> / δὲ > \ “ δ᾽ ὃ > \ θ lal 
ἐξαπίνης δὲ ἐκτὸς τῶν “Adrewv ἐκφανεὶς θαῦμα 

Ν 7] a ς ᾽ὔ > £ 
καὶ δέος τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις ἐνέβαλε. 

Καὶ ὁ μὲν προεχώρει τὰ ἐν ποσὶ προσποιού- 
μενος, Σκιπίων δὲ τὸν μὲν ἀδελφὸν Γάιον Σκιπίωνα 
ὑποστρατηγοῦντα αὐτῷ εἰς τὴν ᾿Ιβηρίαν ἔπεμψεν 
ὡς καταληψόμενον. αὐτὴν ἢ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν ἐπαν- 
ἄξοντα. αὐτὸς δ᾽ ἐπὶ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν ἤλασε. καὶ 

ἡμέρας μέν τινας ἐπέσχον, ἔπειτα ἄμφω πρὸς τὴν 
μάχην ὥρμησαν. πρὶν δὲ δὴ ἔ ἔργου ἔχεσθαι, συγ- 
καλέσας τοὺς στρατιώτας ὃ ᾿Αννίβας παρήγαγε 
τοὺς ,αἰχμαλώτους, ods κατὰ τὴν ὁδὸν εἰλήφει, 
καὶ ἤρετο αὐτοὺς πότερον δεδέσθαι καὶ δουλεύειν 

1 ᾿Αννίβας Mai, ἀννίβαλ Ms. (and so in a few other places). 


92 


BOOK XIV 


Hannibal before beginning the struggle called 
together the soldiers and brought in the captives 
whom he had taken by the way; then he asked 
the latter whether they wished to undergo imprison- 
ment in fetters and to endure a grievous slavery or 


Zonaras 8, 23. 


with grievous hardships. For the mountains there 
are exceedingly precipitous, and the snow, which 
had fallen in great quantities, was driven by the 
winds and filled the chasms, and the ice was 
frozen very hard. These circumstances combined 
to cause his soldiers fearful suffering, and many of 
them perished by reason of the cold and lack of food ; 
many also returned home. There is a story to the 
effect that he himself would also have turned back 
but for the fact that the road already traversed was 
longer and more difficult than the portion remaining 
before him. For this reason, then, he did not turn 
back, but suddenly appearing from out the Alps, 
spread astonishment and fear among the Romans. 

So he advanced, taking possession of whatever lay 
before him. Scipio sent his brother Gaius! Scipio, 
who was serving as lieutenant under him, into 
Spain, either to seize and hold it or else to draw 
Hannibal back. He _ himself marched against 
Hannibal; and after waiting a few days they both 
advanced to the contest. But before beginning the 
struggle, Hannibal called together the soldiers and 
brought in the captives whom he had taken by the 
way ; he asked the latter whether they preferred to 
undergo imprisonment and to endure a grievous 


1 Gnaeus Scipio is meant wherever Zonaras writes this form. 


93 


62 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


κακῶς ἢ μονομαχῆσαι ἀλλήλοις, ὥστ᾽ ἀφεθῆναι 
προῖκα τοὺς νικήσαντας, ἐθέλοιεν. ἐπειδή τε τοῦθ᾽ 
εἵλοντο, συνέβαλεν αὐτούς, καὶ μαχεσαμένων 
σφῶν εἶπεν “εἶτ᾽ οὐκ αἰσχρόν, ὦ ἄνδρες στρα- 
τιῶται, τούτους μὲν τοὺς ὑφ᾽ ἡμῶν ἑαλωκότας 
οὕτω πρὸς τὴν ἀνδρείαν ἔχειν ὥστε καὶ ἀποθανεῖν 
ἀντὶ τοῦ δουλεῦσαι ἐπιθυμῆσαι, ἡμᾶς δ᾽ ὀκνῆσαι 
πόνον τινὰ καὶ κίνδυνον ὑπὲρ τοῦ μὴ ἀκούειν 
ἑτέρων καὶ προσέτε καὶ ἄρχειν ἄλλων ὕπο- 
στῆναι; —M. 147 (p. 192). 

"Oca ἐλαττωθέντες ποτὲ ὑπὸ τῶν πολεμίων 
ἐπάθομεν, ταῦτα νικήσαντες αὐτοὺς ἀντιδράσομεν' 
εὖ γὰρ ἴστε ὅτι! κρατήσαντες μὲν πάντων ὧν λέγω 
τευξόμεθα, κρατηθέντες δὲ οὐδὲ τὴν διαφυγὴν 
ἀσφαλῆ σχήσομεν: τοῦ τε γὰρ κρατήσαντος τὸ 
πᾶν παραχρῆμα φίλιόν ἐστι, κἂν μισοῦν αὐτὸ 
τυγχάνῃ, καὶ τὸ νικηθὲν οὐδεὶς οὐδὲ τῶν οἰκείων ETL 
θεραπεύει.--- Μαχ. Conf. Flor. f. 1671: (M. p. 543) and 
M. 148 (p. 192) (ὅτε τοῦ κρατήσαντος--- θεραπεύει). 

"Or. τὸ ἅπαξ προσπταῖσαν πρός τινας ἀεί τε 
δυσωπεῖταί σῴφας καὶ θαρρεῖν οὐκέτι τολμᾷ.--- 
Μ. 149 (p. 192). 


Zonaras 8, 23. 3 
κακῶς βούλοιντο ἢ μονομαχῆσαι ἀλλήλοις, ὥστ᾽ 
ἀφεθῆναι προῖκα τοὺς νικήσαντας. καὶ ὡς τὸ 
δεύτερον εἵλοντο, συνέβαλεν αὐτούς. καὶ μαχεσα- 
μένων ἐδημηγόρησε, τοὺς οἰκείους στρατιώτας 
ἐπιρρωννὺς καὶ παραθήγων εἰς πόλεμον" τοῦτο δ᾽ 
94 1 ὅτι supplied by Bs. 


BOOK XIV 

to fight in single combat with one another on 
condition that the victors should be released without 
ransom. When they chose the second alternative, 
he set them to fighting. And at the end of the 
contest he said: “ Now is it not shameful, soldiers, 
when these men who have been captured by us 
are so brave as to be eager to die in place of 
becoming slaves, that we on the other hand, shrink 
from incurring a little toil and danger for the sake 
of not being subservient to others—yes, and of ruling 
them besides?” 

All the sufferings that we have ever endured 
when defeated by the enemy we will inflict upon 
them if we are victorious. For be well assured that 
by conquering we shall obtain all the benefits that I 
mention, but if conquered we shall not even have a 
safe means of escape. The victor straightway finds 
everything friendly, even if possibly it hates him, 
whereas to the vanquished no one any longer pays 
heed—not even those of his own household. 

Those who have once failed in an enterprise 
against their foes are forever abashed before them 
and no longer venture to assume a bold front. 


Zonaras 8, 23. 
slavery or to fight in single combat with one another 
on condition that the victors should be released 
without ransom. When they chose the second 
alternative, he set them to fighting. And at the 
end of the contest he addressed his soldiers, en- 
couraging them and whetting their eagerness for 


90 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 23-24. 
ἑτέρωθεν καὶ ὁ Σκιπίων ἐποίησεν. εἶτα συνῆλθον 
μὲν ὡς ὅλοις τοῖς στρατοπέδοις μαχούμενοι, ὁ 
Σκιπίων δέ, προσυμμίξας τῷ. ἱππικῷ καὶ ἡττη- 
θεὶς συχνούς τε ἀποβαλὼν καὶ αὐτὸς τρωθείς; 
ἀποθανών T ἄν, εἰ μή περ αὐτῷ Σκιπίων 6 vids 
καίπερ ὧν ἑπτακαιδεκαέτης ἐπήμυνε, κατέδεισε 
μὴ καὶ τῷ πεζῷ σφαλῇ, καὶ αὐτίκα τε ἐπανήγαγε 
καὶ τῆς νυκτὸς ὑπεχώρησεν. 

24. ᾿Αννίβας δὲ μεθ᾽ ἡμέραν τὴν ἀποχώρησιν 
αὐτοῦ μαθὼν πρὸς τὸν ᾿Ηριδανὸν ἦλθε, καὶ μήτε 
σχεδίας ἢ πλοῖα εὑρών (ἐνεπέπρηστο γὰρ παρὰ 
τοῦ Σκιπίωνος), τὸν μὲν ἀδελφὸν Μάγωνα σὺν 
τοῖς ἱππεῦσι διανήξασθαι καὶ ἐπιδιῶξαι τοὺς 
Ῥωμαίους ἐκέλευσεν, αὐτὸς δὲ ἄνω πρὸς τὰς 
πηγὰς χωρήσας τοῦ ποταμοῦ τοὺς ἐλέφαντας 
κατὰ τὸν ἐπίρρουν διαβῆναι προσέταξε. καὶ οὕτω 
τοῦ ὕδατος περὶ τοῖς ὄγκοις τῶν ζῴων ἐμποδιζο- 
μένου καὶ σκεδαννυμένου, ῥᾷον κάτω σφῶν διε- 
περαιώθη. καταληφθεὶς οὖν ὁ Σκιπίων κατὰ 
χώραν ἔμεινε, καὶ ἐμαχέσατ᾽ ἄν, εἰ μὴ νυκτὸς οἱ 
Γαλάται οἱ μετ᾽ αὐτοῦ ηὐτομόλησαν. ὁ δ᾽ οὖν 
Σκιπίων ἐπὶ τούτῳ ταραχθεὶς καὶ ὑπὸ τοῦ τραύ- 
ματος ταλαιπωρήσας ὑπὸ νύκτα αὖθις ἐξανέστη 
καὶ ἐπὶ “μετεώρου τὸ τάφρευμα ἐποιήσατο" δίωξις 
δὲ αὐτοῦ οὐκ ἐγένετο. μετὰ δὲ τοῦτο ἀφίκοντο καὶ 
οἱ ͵ Καρχηδόνιοι, καὶ τὸν ποταμὸν διὰ μέσου ποιη- 
σάμενοι ἐστρατοπεδεύσαντο. 

ὋὉ μὲν οὖν Σκιπίων διά τε τὸ τραῦμα καὶ διὰ 
τὰ συμβεβηκότα ἀνεῖχε καὶ δύναμιν μετεπέμπετο, 
᾿Αννίβας, δὲ πολλὰ πειράσας παρακινῆσαι πρὸς 
μάχην αὐτόν, ἐπεὶ οὔτε τοῦτ᾽ ἠδυνήθη καὶ τροφῆς 


96 


BOOK XIV 


Zonaras 8, 23-24. 


war. Scipio also did the same on the Roman side. 
Then they began the contest in the intention of 
fighting with their entire armies; but Scipio in a 
preliminary cavalry skirmish was defeated, lost 
many men, was wounded, and would have been 
killed, had not his son Scipio, though only seventeen 
years old, come to his aid; he was consequently 
alarmed lest his infantry should meet with a similar 
reverse, and he at once fell back and that night 
withdrew from the field. 

24. Hannibal learning at daybreak of his with- 
drawal proceeded to the Po, and when he found there 
neither rafts nor boats—for they had been burned 
by Scipio—he ordered his brother Mago to swim 
across with the cavalry and pursue the Romans, 
whereas he himself marched up toward the sources 
of the river, and then ordered that the elephants 
should cross down stream. In this manner, while the 
water was temporarily dammed and spread out by the 
animals’ bulk, he effected a crossing more easily 
below them. Scipio, overtaken, stood his ground 
and would have offered battle but for the fact that 
by night the Gauls in his army deserted. Em- 
barrassed by this occurrence and still suffering from 
his wound, he once more broke camp at nightfall 
and located his entrenchments on high ground. He 
was not pursued; but later the Carthaginians came 
up and encamped with the river between the two 
forces. 

Scipio, on account of his wound and because of 
what had taken place, was inclined to wait and 
send for reinforcements ; and Hannibal, after many 
attempts to provoke him to battle, finding that he 


97 
VOL. II, H 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 24. 
ἐσπάνισε, φρουρίῳ προσέβαλεν ἐν ᾧ σῖτος πολὺς 
τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἔκειτο. καὶ μηδὲν περαίνων, τὸν 
φρούραρχον διέφθειρε χρήμασι, κἀκεῖνό τε προ- 
δοθὲν ἔλαβε καὶ τὰ ἄλλα σχεῖν τὰ μὲν ὅπλοις, τὰ 
δὲ χρυσίῳ ἐπήλπισε. κἀν τούτῳ ὁ Λόγγος τὴν 
Σικελίαν τῷ ὑποστρατήγῳ πιστεύσας πρὸς τὸν 
Σκιπίωνα κεκλημένος ἀφίκετο. καὶ οὐ πολλῷ 
ὕστερον ὑπὸ φιλοτιμίας, καὶ ὅτι τινὰς κατατρέ- 
οντας τὴν χώραν ἐκράτησεν, εἰς παράταξιν 
ὥρμησεν. καὶ ἐσφάλη ἐνέδραις περιπεσών" καὶ 
τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου ἐπεξελθόντος μετὰ τῶν “πεζῶν καὶ 
τῶν ἐλεφάντων, οἱ μετ᾽ αὐτοῦ ἐτράπησαν εἰς 
φυγήν, καὶ πολλοὶ διεφθάρησαν φόνῳ, πολλοὶ δὲ 
καὶ εἰς τὸν ποταμὸν ἀπερισκέπτως ἐμπεσόντες 
ἐπνίγησαν, ὡς ὀλίγους μετὰ τοῦ Λόγγου περι- 
σωθῆναι. νικήσας μέντοι ὁ ᾿Αννίβας οὐκ ἔχαιρεν, 
ὅτι στρατιώτας τε πολλοὺς καὶ τοὺς ἐλέφαντας 
πλὴν ἑνὸς ὑπὸ τοῦ χειμῶνος καὶ τῶν τραυμάτων 
ἀπέβαλεν. 
᾿Ανοχὴν οὖν ἄσπονδον ποιησάμενοι πρὸς τὴν 
συμμαχίδα σφῶν ἑκάτεροι ἐχώρησαν, κἀν ταῖς 
πόλεσιν αὐτῶν ἐχείμαξον. καὶ τοῖς μὲν Ῥωμαίοις 
ἄφθονα ἐφοίτα τὰ ἐπιτήδεια, ὁ δ᾽ ᾿Αννίβας οὐκ 
ἀρκούμενος τοῖς παρὰ τῶν συμμάχων διδομένοις 
ταῖς τε κώμαις καὶ ταῖς πόλεσι τῶν Ῥωμαίων 
προσπίπτων τὰ μὲν ἐκράτει, τῶν} δ᾽ ἀπεκρούετο. 
καί ποτε τῷ ἱππικῷ ὑπὸ τοῦ Λόγγου νικηθεὶς 
ἐτρώθη. θαρσήσαντες οὖν ἐκ τούτου τινὲς τῶν 
Ῥωμαίων καὶ καθ᾽ ἑαυτοὺς προσβάλλοντε αὐτοῖς 
ἐπεξῆλθον. κἀκείνους τε ἔφθειρε καὶ τοῦ χωρίου 
98 1 τῶν Bs., τὰ Mss. 


BOOK XIV 


Zonaras 8, 24. 


could not do this and that he was short of provisions, 
attacked a fort where a large supply of food was 
stored for the Romans. As he made no headway, 
he used money to bribe the commander of the 
garrison, and thus got possession of the place by 
betrayal. He hoped also to capture the other points, 
partly by arms and partly by gold. Meanwhile 
Longus had entrusted Sicily to his lieutenant and 
had come in response to Scipio’s call. Not much 
later, influenced by ambition, on the one hand, and 
also by the fact of a victory over some marauders, 
he presented himself in battle array. But he lost 
the day by falling into an ambuscade; and when 
Hannibal attacked him with his infantry and 
elephants, the followers of Longus turned to flight and 
many were put to the sword, while many others, 
heedless of the river, fell in and were drowned, so 
that only a few were saved with Longus. And yet 
Hannibal, though victorious, was not happy, because 
he had lost many soldiers and all his elephants except 

one by reason of the cold and their wounds. 
Accordingly, they arranged an armistice without 
any formal pledges, and both sides retired to the 
territory of their allies and passed the winter in the 
cities there. Abundant provisions kept coming to 
the Romans; but Hannibal, not satisfied with the 
contributions of the allies, made frequent raids upon 
the Roman villages and cities, sometimes conquering, 
sometimes being repulsed. Once he was beaten by 
Longus and his cavalry and received a wound. Some 
of the Romans, encouraged by this, came out by 
themselves to oppose him when he assailed them. 
These he destroyed and received the capitulation of 
. 99 

H .2 


6> 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Κοῦφον ' γάρ τι καὶ δειλὸν καὶ ἄπιστον φύσει 
πᾶν τὸ Ταλατικὸν γένος ἐστίν: ὥσπερ γὰρ 
ἑτοίμως θρασύνεται πρὸς τὰς ἐλπίδας, οὕτως 
ε / \ 3 / / 
ἑτοιμότερον φοβηθὲν ἐκπλήττεται: πιστότερον 
? Q\ a / A 9 \ ΝΜ ᾽ 
T οὐδὲν τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις ὃν τοὺς ἄλλους ἀν- 
θρώπους ἐκδιδάξει τε μηδέποτε ἐς τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν 
ἐμβάλλειν τολμῆσαι . . .—M. 150 (p. 192). 


Zonaras 8, 24-25. 

ὁμολογίᾳ ἐκράτησε" καὶ αὐτὸ μὲν κατέσκαψε, τῶν 
δ᾽ αἰχμαλώτων τοὺς μὲν Ρωμαίους ἀπέκτεινε, 
τοὺς δ᾽ ἄλλους ἀφῆκε. τοῦτο δὲ καὶ ἐφ᾽ ἅπασι 
τοῖς ζωγρουμένοις ἐποίει, τὰς πόλεις δι’ αὐτῶν 
οἰκειούμενος. ἀμέλει καὶ τῶν λοιπῶν Γαλατῶν 
πολλοὶ καὶ Λιγύων καὶ Τυρσηνῶν τοὺς Ῥωμαίους 
τοὺς παρ᾽ αὐτοῖς ὄντας οἱ μὲν φονεύσαντες, οἱ δὲ 
ἐκδόντες μετέστησαν. 

Ἔς δὲ τὴν Τυρσηνίδα τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ πορευομένῳ 
δ Λόγγος ἐπέθετο, χειμῶνος πολλοῦ γενομένου. 
πεσόντων δὲ ἀμφοτέροις πολλῶν ὁ ᾿Αννίβας ἐς 
τὴν Λιγυστικὴν ἐλθὼν ἐνδιέτριψεν. ὑποπτεύων 
δὲ καὶ τοὺς σφετέρους οὐδενὶ ῥᾳδίως ἐπίστευεν, 
ἀλλὰ τὴν ἐσθῆτά τε μεταβάλλων καὶ κόμαις 
χρώμενος “περιθέτοις τήν. τε διάλεξιν ἄλλοτε ἄλ- 
Xv ποιούμενος (ἤδει γὰρ πλείους καὶ τὴν τῶν 
Λατίνων), καὶ γύκτωρ καὶ μεθ᾽ ἡμέραν πολλὰ 
ἐπεσκόπει ἤκουέ τε πλεῖστα ὡς οὐκ ᾿Αννίβας καί 
τινα ὡς ἕτερός τις ἐφθέγγετο. 

25. Ἔν μὲν οὖν τῇ Ἰταλίᾳ ταῦτα ἐγίνετο, ὁ δ᾽ 
ἕτερος Σκιπίων ὁ Γάιος εἰς τὴν ᾿Ιβηρίαν παρέ- 


1 κοῦφον Mai (conj .v Ms. ace. to Bs., π..π.. 
acc. to v. Her 

2 Kapxnd legible. 
100 


ST. MICHAEL'S 


COLLEGE 


BOOK XIV 


For the whole Gallic race is naturally more or 
less fickle, cowardly, and faithless. Just as they 
are readily emboldened in the face of hopes, so even 
the more readily when frightened do they fall into 
apanic. And the fact that they were no more faithful 
to the Carthaginians will not only teach the rest of 
mankind a lesson never to dare to invade Italy .. . 


Zonaras 8, 24-25. 


the place, which he razed to the ground. Of the 
captives taken he killed the Romans, but released 
the rest. This he did also in the case of all those 
taken alive, hoping to conciliate the cities by their 
influence. And, indeed, many of the other Gauls as 
well as Ligurians and Etruscans either murdered the 
Romans dwelling within their borders, or surrendered 
them and then transferred their allegiance. 

As Hannibal was advancing into Etruria Longus 
attacked him in the midst of a great storm. Many 
fell on both sides, and Hannibal entered Liguria, 
where he delayed some time. Being suspicious of 
even his own men and feeling free to trust no one, 
he made frequent changes of costume, wore. false 
hair, and spoke different languages at different times 
(for he knew a number, including Latin); and both 
night and day he would make frequent rounds of 
inspection, listening to a great deal of conversation 
in the guise of an entirely different person from 
Hannibal, and occasionally talking thus in character. 

25. While this was going on in Italy the other 
Scipio, Gaius, had sailed along the coast to Spain, 


ΙΟῚ 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


"Ore! πολλὰ τέρατα τὰ μὲν ὡς ἀληθῶς συμ- 
βάντα, τὰ δὲ καὶ μάτην θρυλούμενα ἐλογοποιήθη: 
ὅταν yap τινες ἰσχυρῶς φοβηθῶσιν καί σφισι καὶ 
ἐκεῖνα ὡς ὄντως γενόμενα ἀποδειχθῇ, πολλάκις 
ἕτερα προσφαντάζεται: κἂν ἅπαξ τι καὶ ἐκείνων 
πιστευθῆ, προπετῶς ἤδη καὶ τἄλλα πίστιν 
λαμβάνει. ἐθύοντο οὖν αἱ θυσίαι καὶ τἄλλα 
ὅσα οἱ ἄνθρωποι πρός τε THY τοῦ παρόντος 
δεινοῦ σφισιν ἄκεσιν καὶ πρὸς τὴν τοῦ ὕὑπο- 
πτευομένου διάφευξιν εἰώθασι ποιεῖν ἐγίγνετο. 
ἀλλά καὶ γὰρ φιλοῦσιν οἱ πολλοὶ τοῖς τοιούτοις 
παρὰ τὸ κρεῖττον ἐλπίζοντες πιστεῦσαι, καὶ τότε, 
εἰ καὶ μᾶλλον διὰ τὸ τοῦ προσδοκωμένου κιν- 
δύνου μέγεθος ἐνόμιζον ὅτι καὶ τὸ τραχύτατον 
αὑτοῖς συμπέσοι, ὅμως ἤλπιζον μὴ ἡττηθή- 
σεσθαι.---Μ. 151 (p. 192). 

Zonaras 8, 25. 

TAEVTE, Kal τὰ παραθαλάσσια αὐτῆς μέχρι τοῦ 
Ἴβηρος πάντα καὶ τῶν ἄνω συχνὰ τὰ μὲν βίᾳ, τὰ 
δὲ καὶ ἑκόντα προσείληφε, καὶ τὸν Βάννωνα μάχῃ 
νικήσας ἐζώγρησεν. ὁ δὲ τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου ὁμαίμων 
᾿Ασδρούβας μαθὼν ταῦτα διέβη τὸν Ἴβηρα, καὶ 
τῶν μεταστάντων τινὰς ὑπηγάγετο" τοῦ δὲ Σκι- 
πίωνος ἐπελθόντος αὐτῷ ἀνεχώρησεν. 

Οἱ δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ τὸν Φλαμίνιον καὶ τὸν 
Γέμινον ἢ ὑπάτους αὖθις εἵλοντο. ᾿Αννέβας δ᾽ ἃ ἄρτι 
τοῦ ἔαρος ἐπιστάντος ὡς ἔγνω τὸν Φλαμίνιον 


1 Many words of this fragment were illegible even to Mai. 
It is here printed as restored tentatively by Bs. 

2 Téuwov Pinder, yeulviov A, γάιον BCS. 
102 


BOOK XIV 


Many portents, some of which had actually x. 217 


occurred and others which were mere idle talk, be- 
came the subject of conversation. For when people 
get seriously frightened and certain portents are 
proved to them really to have occurred, oftentimes 
others are imagined. And if once any one of the former 
class is believed, immediately the rest likewise are 
rashly accepted as true. Accordingly, the sacrifices 
were offered and all the other rites observed which 
men are in the habit of performing for the cure of 
their momentary terror and for escape from expected 
disaster. But most men are wont to trust hopefully in 
such agencies, contrary to their true interest ; and so 
at this time, even though, because of the magnitude of 
the danger anticipated, they believed more strongly 
than ever that the harshest fate would befall them, 
they still kept hoping that they might not be defeated. 


Zonaras 8, 25. 
and had won over, partly by force and partly without 
opposition, all the districts that border on the sea as 
far as the Iberus, and many parts of the interior as 
well. He had also defeated Banno in battle and had 
taken him prisoner. Hasdrubal, the brother of 
Hannibal, on learning of this, crossed the Iberus and 
reduced some of the rebels; but when Scipio ad- 

vanced against him, he withdrew. 
The people of Rome again chose Flaminius and 
Geminus consuls. At the very beginning of spring 
Hannibal was apprised that Flaminius together with 


103 


Β: 0.917 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 25. 
μετὰ τοῦ Lepovirtov Γεμίνου χειρὶ πολλῇ ἐπ᾽ 
αὐτὸν ἰόντα, πρὸς ἐξαπάτην αὐτῶν ἐτράπη, καὶ 
πλαττόμενος ἐνδιατρίψειν ἐκεῖ καὶ μάχην συνά- 
Wew, ἐπεὶ νομίσαντες αὐτὸν οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι κατὰ 
χώραν μένειν ἀμελῶς τῶν ὁδῶν ἔσχον, ἐπὶ τοῦ 
στρατοπέδου τοὺς ἱππέας κατέλιπεν, αὐτὸς δ᾽ ὑπὸ 
νύκτα ἄρας Ta τε στενόπορα μεθ᾽ ἡσυχίας διῆλθε 
καὶ πρὸς ᾿Αρίτιον ἠπείγετο" καὶ οἱ ἱππεῖς δέ, ἐπεὶ 
πολὺ προῆλθεν, ἀπήεσαν αὐτῷ ἐφεπόμενοι. οἱ δ᾽ 
ὕπατοι γνόντες ἠπατημένοι, ᾿έμενος μὲν αὐτοῦ 
ὑπέμεινε τούς T ἀφεστηκότας κακώσων καὶ κω- 
λύσων ἐπικουρῆσαι Καρχηδονίοις, Φλαμίνιος δὲ 
μόνος ἐδίωκεν, ἵν᾽ αὐτοῦ μόνου τὸ ἔργον τῆς νίκης, 
ὡς ETO, γένηται. καὶ τὸ ᾿Αρίτιον προκατέλαβεν' 
ὁ γὰρ ᾿Αννίβας συντομωτέραν τραπόμενος δυσό- 
dots ἐνέτυχε, καὶ ἀνθρώπους συχνοὺς καὶ πολλὰ 
ὑποζύγια καὶ τὸν ἕτερον τῶν ὀφθαλμῶν ἀπέβαλεν. 
ὀψὲ δ᾽ οὖν πρὸς τὸ ᾿Αρίτιον ἐλθών, καὶ εὑρὼν ἐκεῖ 
τὸν Φλαμίνιον, κατεφρόνησεν αὐτοῦ, καὶ μάχῃ 
μὲν οὐ συνέβαλε, τὸ γὰρ χωρίον ἀνεπιτήδειόν οἱ 
ἐδόκει, πεῖραν δὲ αὐτοῦ ποιούμενος ἔκειρε τὴν 
χώραν. κἀν τούτῳ ἐπεκδραμόντων τῶν “Ῥωμαίων 
ἐπανήγαγεν, ἵνα φοβεῖσθαι δόξῃ. τῆς δὲ νυκτὸς 
ἐξαναστάς, ἐπιτήδειόν τι. χωρίον πρὸς τὴν μάχην 
εὑρὼν ἔμεινε. καὶ τοῦ μὲν πεζοῦ τὸ πλεῖον κατὰ 
τὰ ὄρη λοχᾶν ἔταξε, τὸ δ᾽ ἱππικὸν σύμπαν ἔξω 
TOV στενῶν ἀφανῶς ἐφεδρεύειν ἐκέλευσε, καὶ 
αὐτὸς ἐπὶ τοῦ γηλόφου μετ᾽ ὀλίγων ἐστρατοπε- 
δεύσατο. ὁ δὲ Φλαμίνιος ἐν φρονήματι ὦν, καὶ 
ἐπὶ μετεώρου σὺν ὀλίγοις αὐτὸν ἰδών, τήν τε 


104 


BOOK XIV 


Zonaras 8, 25. 


Servilius Geminus was advancing against him with a 
large force, and he set himself to deceiving them. 
He pretended that he was going to tarry there 
and offer battle, and when the Romans, thinking 
that he would remain in his present position, became 
careless in guarding the roads, he set out at 
nightfall, leaving his cavalry behind in camp, quietly 
traversed the passes, and hastened on toward Arre- 
tium; and the cavalry, after he had got far ahead, 
set out to follow him. When the consuls found they 
had been tricked, Geminus stayed behind to harass 
those who had revolted and prevent them from 
assisting the Carthaginians, and Flaminius alone 
pursued, eager that he alone should have the credit 
for the expected victory. He succeeded in occupying 
Arretium first, for Hannibal in taking a shorter route 
had encountered difficult roads and πὰ lost 
numerous men, many pack animals, and one of his 
eyes. It was late, then, when he reached Arretium 
and found there Flaminius, whom he regarded with 
contempt. He did not give battle, for the spot 
seemed to him unsuitable; but by way of testing 
his enemy he proceeded to lay waste the country. 
At this the Romans made a sally and he retired, to 
give them the idea that he was afraid. During the 
night he withdrew, and finding a satisfactory spot 
for battle, remained there. He arranged that most 
of the infantry should form an ambush along the 
mountain sides, and ordered all the cavalry to lie in 
wait concealed from view outside the pass; he him- 
self encamped with a few followers on the hilltop. 
Flaminius was very confident, and when he saw 
Hannibal with but a few men on the high ground 


105 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras ὃ, 25. 

λοιπὴν στρατιὰν πόρρω ποι πεπομφέναι νομίσας, 
ῥᾳδίως μεμονωμένον αἱρήσειν ἤλπισε, καὶ ἐς τὸ 
στενὸν ἀπερισκέπτως εἰσῆλθε, κἀνταῦθα, ὀψὲ 
γὰρ ἣν, ηὐλίσατο. καὶ ὑπὸ μέσας νύκτας ὑπὸ 
καταφρονήσεως αὐτοὺς ἀφυλάκτως καθεύδοντας 
πανταχόθεν ὁμοῦ περιέσχον οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι, καὶ 
πόρρωθεν ἀκοντίοις καὶ σφενδόναις καὶ τοξεύμασι 
τοὺς μὲν εὐναζομένους ἔτι, τοὺς δὲ τὰ ὅπλα 
λαμβάνοντας ἔκτεινον, αὐτοὶ μή τι δεινὸν ἀντι- 
πάσχοντες. οἱ γὰρ Ῥωμαῖοι, μηδενὸς αὐτοῖς 
συμπλεκομένου, σκότους τε καὶ ὁμίχλης οὔσης, 
οὐκ εἶχον τῇ σφετέρᾳ χρήσασθαι a ἀρετῇ. τοσοῦτος 
δ᾽ ἐγένετο θόρυβος καὶ τοιαύτη ταραχώδης ἔκ- 
πληξις κατέσχεν αὐτοὺς ὡς μηδὲ τῶν σεισμῶν 
τῶν τότε γενομένων αἰσθέσθαι, καίπερ πολλὰ μὲν 
οἰκοδομήματα κατερράγη, πολλὰ δὲ καὶ τῶν ὀρῶν 
Ta μὲν διέσχε, τὰ δὲ καὶ συνέπεσεν, ὡς καὶ τὰς 
φάραγγας ἐμφράξαι, καὶ ποταμοὶ δὲ τῆς ἀρχαίας 
ἐξόδου ἀποκλεισθέντες ἄλλην ἐτράποντο. τοι- 
οὔτοι μὲν σεισμοὶ τὴν Τυρσηνίδα κατέσχον, οὐ 
μέντοι καὶ οἱ μαχόμενοι ἐν ἐννοίᾳ σφῶν ἐγένοντο. 
αὐτός τε οὖν ὁ Φλαμίνιος καὶ ἄλλοι παμπληθεῖς 
ἔπεσον, συχνοὶ δὲ ἐπί τινα λόφον ἀνέβησαν" ἐπεὶ 
δ᾽ ἡμέρα ἐγένετο, εἰς φυγὴν ὥρμησαν, καὶ κατα- 
ληφθέντες τά τε ὅπλα καὶ ἑαυτοὺς ἐπ᾽ ἀδείᾳ 
παρέδοσαν. ὅ γε μὴν ᾿Αννίβας βραχὺ τῶν ὀμω- 
μοσμένων ἐφρόντισε, πάντων δὲ τῶν ἐν τῷ στρα- 
τοπέδῳ ἁλόντων τὸ μὲν ὑπήκοον TO TE συμμαχικὸν 
τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἀφῆκεν, αὐτοὺς δὲ ἐκείνους δήσας 
ἐφύλασσε. πράξας δὲ ταῦτα ἐπὶ τὴν Ῥώμην 
ἠπείγετο, καὶ μέχρι μὲν Ναρνίας τήν τε γῆν 
106 


BOOK XIV 


Zonaras 8, 25, 
he believed that the rest of the army had been sent 
to some distant point, and hoped to take him easily 
while thus isolated. So he carelessly entered the 
mouth of the pass and there, since it was late, 
pitched camp. About midnight, when the Romans 
were sleeping unguarded, through scorn of their 
enemies, the Carthaginians surrounded them on 
every side at once, and by using from a distance 
javelins, slings, and arrows they killed some who were 
still in their beds and others who were just seizing 
their arms, without receiving themselves any*serious 
harm in return. For the Romans, having no tangible 
adversaries and with darkness and mist prevailing, 
found no opportunity to make use of their valour. 
So great was the uproar and such the confusion and 
alarm that seized them, that they were not even 
aware of the earthquakes then occurring, although 
many buildings fell in ruins and many mountains 
either were cleft asunder or collapsed so that they 
blocked up the ravines, and rivers shut off from their 
ancient outlets turned elsewhere. Such were the 
earthquakes which overwhelmed Etruria, yet the 
combatants were not conscious of them. Both 
Flaminius himself and a vast number of others fell, 
though not a few managed to climb a hill. When it 
became day, these turned to flight, but being over- 
taken, surrendered themselves and their arms on 
promise of pardon. Hannibal, however, recking 
little of his oaths, kept those who were Romans in 
chains, but released their subjects and allies from 
among all the captives he had in his army. After this 
success he hastened toward Rome and proceeded as 
far as Narnia, devastating the country and winning 


107 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


"Ore οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι δικτάτορα tov Φάβιον avei- 
a / 
πον, ἀγαπῶντες εἰ αὐτοί γε περιγένοιντο " οὐδὲ 
τοῖς συμμάχοις βοήθειαν ἀπέστειλαν οὐδεμίαν ® 
> \ 4 Ν \ , / 
οὐδὲ eoTn ...... . 5 πυθόμενοι δὲ Tov ᾿Αννί- 
“- b] \ \ € / e fal ’ / 
Bav τῆς τε ἐπὶ τὴν Ῥώμην ὁδοῦ ἀποτετράφθαι 


Zonaras 8, 25. 

τέμνων Kal τὰς πόλεις προσαγόμενος πλὴν Σπω- 
λητίου προῆλθε, ΤΓάιόν τε ἐνταῦθα Κεντήνιον 
στρατηγὸν ἐνεδρεύοντα περισχὼν ἔφθειρεν" ὡς δὲ 
τῷ Σπωλητίῳ προσβαλὼν ἀπεκρούσθη, καὶ τὴν 
τοῦ Ναείρου γέφυραν καθῃρημένην εἶδε, καὶ περὶ 
τοὺς ἄλλους ποταμοὺς ovs ἀναγκαῖον ἣν διελθεῖν 
τοῦτο γεγονὸς ἐπύθετο, τῆς μὲν ἐπὶ τὴν Ῥώμην 
ὁρμῆς ἐπέσχεν, ἐς δὲ τὴν Καμπανίαν “ἐτράπετο, 
τήν τε χώραν ἀρίστην καὶ τὴν πόλιν τὴν Καπύην 
μεγίστην οὖσαν ἀκούων ἐνόμιξεν, εἰ σφᾶς προ- 
καταλάβοι, καὶ τἄλλα δι᾽ ὀλίγου προσκτήσασθαι. 

Oi δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ πυθόμενοι περὶ τῆς ἥττης 
ἤλγησαν, καὶ δι᾽ ἐκείνους καὶ δι’ ἑαυτοὺς ὀδυρό- 
μενοι, καὶ ἐν ἀπόρῳ ἦσαν, τάς τε γεφύρας τοῦ 
Τιβέριδος πλὴν μιᾶς καθεῖλον καὶ τὰ τείχη TOA- 
NAY] πεπονηκότα σπουδῇ ἐ ἐπεσκεύα ζον. δικτάτορά 
τε προχειρίσασθαι βουληθέντες αὐτοὶ ἐν ἐκκλησίᾳ 
αὐτὸν ἀνεῖπον. ἀγαπῶντες δὲ εἰ αὐτοὶ μόνοι 
σωθεῖεν, οὐκ ἔστειλαν τοῖς συμμάχοις βοήθειαν. 
πυθόμενοι δὲ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν ἐς Καμπανίαν ὁρμη- 
θῆναι, τότε καὶ τοῖς συμμάχοις ἐπικουρῆσαι ἔγνω- 
σαν. τῷ δ᾽ ᾿Αννίβᾳ τὸν δικτάτορα τὸν Φάβιον 


Ῥωμαῖοι δικτάτορα τὸν Φάβιον ἀνεῖπον suggested by Bs., ὅτι 
οἱ isha ες read by Mai. a περιγεγοιντὸ Bs., περιεγέ- 
vovto Ms. 3 rots συμμάχοις βοήθειαν ἀπέστειλαν οὐδεμίαν Bs. 


from Zon., Ms. nearly illegible. 
108 


BOOK XIV 


The Romans proclaimed Fabius dictator, content 
if they could themselves survive, and neither 
sent any aid to the allies nor... but learning 
that Hannibal had turned aside from the road 
leading to Rome and had set out for Campania, 


Zonaras 8, 25. 
over the cities, with the exception of Spoletium ; 
there he surrounded and slew the praetor Gaius 
Centenius, who was lying in ambush. He made 
an attack upon Spoletium, but was repulsed, and 
as he saw that the bridge over the Nar had been 
destroyed, and ascertained that this had _ been 
done also in the case of the other rivers which he 
would have to cross, he desisted from his advance 
upon Rome. Instead, he turned aside into Campania, 
for he heard that the land was most excellent and 
that Capua was a very great city, and thought that 
if he should first seize these he might acquire the 
rest of Italy also in a short time. 

The people of Rome, when informed of the defeat, 
were grieved and lamented both for the lost and for 
themselves. They were in sore straits and tore 
down the bridges over the Tiber, with one exception, 
and proceeded hurriedly to repair their walls, which 
were damaged in many places. And wishing to have a 
dictator in readiness, they proclaimed one themselves 
in the assembly. Content, however, if they alone 
could be saved, they had sent no aid to the allies; 
but now, learning that Hannibal had set out 
for Campania, they determined to assist the allies 
also. To Hannibal they opposed the dictator Fabius 


109 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


καὶ ἐς Καμπανίαν ὡρμῆσθαι, τότε δὴ καὶ ἐκείνους, 
μή πως εἴτε ἑκούσιοι εἴτε βιασθέντες μεταστῶσιν,". 
ἐς ἀσφάλειαν ἐποιήσαντο.---Μ. 152 (p. 193). 


Zonaras 8, 25-26. 


Kal TOV ἵππαρχον τὸν Μάρκον τὸν Μινούκιον ἀ ἀντι- 
κατέστησαν. οἱ ἐπ᾽ ἐκεῖνον ἐλθόντες ἐ ἐς μὲν χεῖρας 
αὐτῷ οὐκ ἥἤεσαν, παρεπόμενοι δὲ ἐπετήρουν εἴ που 
καιρὸς μάχης παραπέσοι" ἀποκινδυνεῦσαι γὰρ ὁ 

άβιος κατεπτηχόσι στρατιώταις καὶ ἡττημένοις 
πρὸς πλείους καὶ νενικηκότας οὐκ ἤθελε, καὶ ἅμα 
ὅσῳ μᾶλλον τὴν χώραν κακώσειαν, τοσούτῳ θᾶσ- 
σον ἀπορῆσαι τροφῆς αὐτοὺς ἤλπισε. τοιούτοις 
χρώμενος λογισμοῖς οὔτ᾽ ἄλλῃ ᾿ χώρᾳ ἐπήμυνεν. οὔτε 
τῇ Καμπανίᾳ. κατέκλεισεν οὖν διὰ ταῦτα πᾶν τὸ 
πολέμιον εἰς τὴν Καμπανίαν' περισχὼν γὰρ αὐ- 
τοὺς ἁπανταχόθεν οὐκ εἰδότας ἐν φυλακῇ ἐποι- 
ἤσατο. αὐτὸς μὲν yap κἀκ τῆς θαλάσσης καὶ ἐκ 
τῆς συμμαχίδος τῶν ἐπιτηδείων εὐπόρει, ἐκείνοις 
δὲ μόνα τὰ ἐκ τῆς γῆς ἣν ἔκειρον ὑπάρχοντα ἤδει. 
καὶ διὰ τοῦτο ἀνεῖχε καὶ τῆς μελλήσεως οὐκ 
ἐφρόντιζε. διὸ καὶ παρὰ τῶν πολιτῶν αἰτίαν 
εἶχεν, ὡς καὶ μελλητὴς ἐπονομασθῆναι. 

26. Ὁ & ᾿Αννίβας, ἐ ἐπεὶ πρὸς χειμῶνα. ἐγίνετο, 
καὶ οὔτε κατὰ χώραν χειμάσαι σπάνει τῶν ἀναγ- 
καίων ἠδύνατο καὶ πολλαχῇ πειράσας ἐξιέναι 
τῆς Καμπανίας κεκώλυτο, τοιοῦτόν τι ἐμηχανή- 
σατο. τοὺς αἰχμαλώτους πάντας, ἵνα μὴ τις 
αὐτῶν διαφύγῃ καὶ τὸ γινόμενον γνωρίσῃ τοῖς 
Ῥωμαίοις, κατέσφαξε: καὶ τὰς ἐν τῷ στρατοπέδῳ 


1 ἐκείνους, μή πως... μεταστῶσιν Kuebler, ἐκεῖνοι σιωπῶς.... 
μετάστασιν Mai (and Ms.?). εἴτε... εἴτε Bs., μήτε... μήτε 
Mai (and Ms. ἢ). 


Ito 


BOOK XIV 


they made sure of the safety of those allies also, 
through fear that they might change sides either 
willingly or under compulsion. 


Zonaras 8, 25-26. 

and the master of horse Marcus Minucius. These 
leaders set out in his direction, but did not come to 
close quarters with him; they followed and kept 
him in view, in the hope that a favourable oppor- 
tunity for battle might sometime occur. Fabius was 
unwilling to risk a conflict with cowed and beaten 
soldiers against a greater number who had been 
victorious. Furthermore, he hoped that the more 
his foes should injure the country, the sooner they 
would be in want of food. In view of these con- 
siderations he did not defend Campania or any other 
district. As a result, he confined hostilities entirely 
within Campania; for, unknown to the enemy, he had 
surrounded them on every side and now kept guard 
over them. He himself secured an abundance of pro- 
visions both from the sea and from the territory of the 
allies, but the invaders, he knew, had only the products 
of the land which they were devastating to depend 
upon. Consequently he waited and did not mind the 
delay ; and he was therefore blamed by his fellow- 
citizens, who even gave him the name of Delayer. 

26. When it came to be nearly winter and 
Hannibal could not pass that season where he was, 
owing to the lack of necessary supplies, and yet 
had been checked in numerous attempts to get out 
of Campania, he devised a plan of the following 
nature. He first slew all the captives, that no one 
of them might escape and acquaint the Romans with 
what was being done. Then he collected the cattle 


ἜΤΗ 


9 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Ὅτι ὁ Φάβιος δι’ ἀσφαλείας μᾶλλον ἢ διὰ 
κινδύνων προσεδρεύων οὔτε πεῖραν λαβεῖν ἀν- 
δρῶν χειροτεχνῶν τοῦ πολέμου ὄντων͵ ἐτόλμα, καὶ 
ἐν πολλῇ περιωπῇ τὴν τῶν στρατιωτῶν TwTN- 
ρίαν, ἄλλως τε Kal? διὰ τὴν πολιτῶν ὀλιγαν- 


Zonaras 8, 26. 


Bods ἀθροίσας δᾷδας τοῖς αὐτῶν προσέδησε κέ- 
pace, Kal πρὸς τὰ κατὰ τοὺς Σαυνίτας ὄρη ὑπὸ 
νύκτα χωρήσας τάς τε δᾷδας ἀνῆψε καὶ τὰς βοῦς 
ἐπετάραξεν. οἰστρηθεῖσαι. δ᾽ ἐκεῖναι διὰ τὸ πῦρ 
καὶ τὴν ἔλασιν πολλαχῇ τὴν ὕλην ἐνέπρησαν, κἀκ 
τούτου ῥᾳδίαν παρέσχον αὐτῷ τὴν ὑπέρβασιν. οἱ 
γὰρ ἐν τῷ πεδίῳ Ῥωμαῖοι καὶ οἱ ἐν τοῖς μετεώροις, 
ἐνέδρας πτοηθέντες, οὐκ ἐκινήθησαν. καὶ οὕτως ὁ 
᾿Αννίβας διῆλθε καὶ ἐς τὴν Σαυνίτιδα ἐκομίσθη. 
Ὃ οὖν Φάβιος μεθ᾽ ἡμέραν τὸ γενόμενον γνοὺς 
κατεδίωξε, καὶ τούς τε καταλελειμμένους ἐν τῇ 
ὁδῷ, ἵνα σφᾶς εἴρξωσι, ,“τρεψάμενος, καὶ τοὺς 
βοηθήσαντας αὐτοῖς κρατήσας, ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο : 
μὲν οὐ πόρρω τῶν πολεμίων, οὐ μέντοι καὶ ἐς 
χεῖρας ἐκείνοις ἦλθεν, ἀλλ᾽ ἀποσκίδνασθαί τε 
αὐτοὺς καὶ προνομεύειν ἐκώλυεν" ὥστε τὸν ᾿Αν- 
νίβαν a ἀπορήσαντα τὸ μὲν πρῶτον ἐπὶ τὴν “Ῥώμην 
ὁρμῆσαι. ὡς δ᾽ οὐκ ἐμάχετο, δι᾽ ἡσυχίας δὲ παρη- 
κολούθει ὁ Φάβιος, αὖθις ὑπέστρεψεν εἰς τὸ 
Σαύνιον. καὶ ὁ Φάβιος αὐτῷ ἐφεπόμενος δι 
ἀσφαλείας προσήδρευε, προμηθούμενος μήτε τῶν 
οἰκείων ἀποβαλεῖν τινας, καὶ αὐτὸς μὲν τῶν ἀναγ- 
1 προσεδρεύων..... πεῖραν λαβεῖν ἀνδρῶν... ὄντων Bs., προσ- 


ηδρεύετο. .. συμβαλεῖν ἀνδράσι. .. οὖσιν Mai; Ms. uncertain, 
except ovt.v at end. 2 καὶ added by ΒΚ. 


112 


BOOK XIV 


Fabius continued to keep watch on him from a 
safe distance instead of by running risks; he 
would not venture to make trial of men skilled in 
the art of war, and he made the safety of the 
soldiers a matter of great solicitude, particularly in 


Zonaras 8, 26. 


which were in camp, attached torches to their horns, 
and proceeded at nightfall toward the mountains 
on the Samnite border, where he lighted the 
torches and stampeded the cattle. They, maddened 
by the fire and by blows, set fire to the forest in 
many places, and consequently rendered it easy for 
Hannibal to cross the mountains. The Romans in 
the plain as well as those on the heights were in 
dread of an ambuscade and would not stir. Thus 
Hannibal got across and made his way into Samnium. 

Fabius, ascertaining the next day what had hap- 
pened, gave chase and routed those left behind on 
the road to hinder his men’s progress; he also 
defeated the troops that came to the assistance of 
the first party. He then encamped not far from the 
enemy, yet would not come to blows with them. 
However, he prevented them from scattering and 
foraging, so that Hannibal, in perplexity, at first 
set out for Rome; but when Fabius would not fight, 
but quietly followed along, he again turned back 
into Samnium. And Fabius, following on, continued to 
keep watch on him from a safe distance, being anxious 
not to lose any of his own troops, especially since he 


VOL. 11. I 


10 


14 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ a Ἂ 
θρωπίαν, ἐποιεῖτο, συμφορὰν οὐ τὸ μὴ φθεῖραι 
lal / n a 
τὰ τῶν ἐναντίων, ἀλλὰ τὸ TOV οἰκείων ἀποβαλεῖν 
/ 3 7 > / n 
μεγάλην εἶναι νομίζων" ἐκείνους μὲν yap TH περι- 
/ “ 7 a 
ουσίᾳ τοῦ πλήθους κἂν ἀνακινδυνεῦσαί ποτε 
/ a Ν ’ \ 
σφαλέντας ἡγεῖτο, αὐτὸς ᾿ δ᾽ εἰ καὶ τὸ βραχύτατον 
/ “ 
πταίσειεν, ἐν" παντὶ κακοῦ, οὐ πρὸς τὸν ἀριθμὸν 
A / / 6 
TOV τότε ἀποθανόντων, ἀλλὰ πρὸς TO μέγεθος τῶν 
Ν / / / a \ 
πρὶν παθημάτων, γενήσεσθαι ἐλογίζετο' τοῖς μὲν 
\ / \ / 
yap akepatols πράγμασι καὶ τὰ δεινότατα ῥᾳδίως 
/ \ 
πολλάκις τοὺς ἀνθρώπους ὑφίστασθαι, τοὺς δὲ 
͵ \ ἴω 
προκεκμηκότας καὶ τὰ βραχύτατα κακοῦν ἔλεγεν. 
καὶ διὰ τοῦτο καὶ τοῦ υἱέος συμβουλεύοντός ποτε 
a a ϑ ᾿ 
αὐτῷ ἀποκινδυνεῦσαι, καί τι τοιοῦτον εἰπόντος 
a > N / e \ > fal ᾽ / 
ὅτι οὐκ ἂν πλείους ἑκατὸν ἀνδρῶν ἀπόλοιντο, 
cd \ 
οὔτε ἐπείσθη, καὶ προσανήρετο αὐτὸν εἰ Kal 
, ΕΝ 2 ’ [οἱ e \ > ἴω / 
αὐτὸς ἂν ἐθελήσειε τῶν ἑκατὸν ἀνδρῶν γενέσθαι. 
/ / 
Ὅτι of Καρχηδόνιοι οὐχ ὅπως αὐτεπάγγελτοί 
A..9 / » J ,’ > 7 ’ὔ δ sea 
τί τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ ἔπεμψαν, ἀλλ᾿ ἐν γέλωτί τε αὐτὸν 
ἐποιοῦντο ὅτι τε εὖ πράττειν καὶ ὅτι πολλὰ 


Zonaras 8, 26. 
7] 5 > / / > / δὲ “a Ψ 
καίων ἐν εὐπορίᾳ τυγχάνων, ἐκείνῳ δὲ τῶν ὅπλων 
a Le. \ > » 
ἐκτὸς οὐδὲν προσεῖναι ὁρῶν, καὶ μηδ᾽ οἴκοθεν 
lal , « \ ,ὔ \ 
προσιοῦσαν ἐπικουρίαν. οἱ yap Καρχηδόνιοι καὶ 
A / 4 / 
ἐν γέλωτι αὐτὸν ἐποιοῦντο, γράφοντα εὖ πράττειν 
1 αὐτὸς Bk., αὐτοῦ Ms. 2 ἐν inserted by Bk. 
[14 


BOOK XIV 


view of the small number of the citizens, deeming 
it no disaster to fail of destroying the forces of the 
enemy, but a great one to lose any of his own 
troops. For he believed the Carthaginians, with their 
enormous multitude, would risk another encounter, 
even if once defeated, whereas, if he should lose 
even the smallest part of his own army, he calculated 
that he should find himself in every extremity 
of evil; this would not be due to the number of 
the dead on any such occasion, but to the magnitude 
of the previous reverses. He was in the habit of 
saying that men, so long as their affairs were in 
a flourishing condition, could often bear easily the 
severest losses, whereas those who were already 
exhausted would be harmed by the slightest re- 
verses. Hence, when his son once advised him to 
risk an encounter, and said something about the loss 
of not more than a hundred men, he would not 
consent, and he furthermore asked him whether he 
would like to be one of the hundred men. 

The Carthaginians, far from voluntarily sending 
any support to Hannibal, were making sport of 
him, owing to the fact that, although he was con- 


Zonaras 8, 26. 


could obtain necessities in abundance, whereas he 
saw that his foe possessed nothing apart from his 
weapons and that no assistance was sent to him 
from home. For the Carthaginians were actually 
making sport of Hannibal, inasmuch as he wrote of his 


115 


105 ROMAN HISTORY 


κατορθοῦν ἀεί ποτε γράφων σφίσι, καὶ χρήματα 
καὶ στρατιώτας Trap αὐτῶν ἥτει, λέγοντες μηδὲν 
ὁμολογεῖν τὰς αἰτήσεις αὐτοῦ ταῖς κατορθώσεσι:' 
τοὺς γὰρ κρατοῦντας προσήκειν καὶ τῷ παρόντι 
στρατεύματι ἀρκεῖσθαι καὶ χρήματα οἴκαδε πέμ- 
TEW, ANN οὐχ ἕτερα πρὸς ἑαυτῶν προσεπαιτεῖν. 
__M. 154 (p. 194). 


Zonaras 8, 26. 


\ \ an \ / ’ > tal 
καὶ πολλὰ κατορθοῦν, καὶ στρατιώτας TAP αὐτῶν 
> al \ r a 
αἰτοῦντα Kai χρήματα, λέγοντες μὴ συμφωνεῖν 
\ a \ \ n 
τὰς αἰτήσεις Tals κατορθώσεσι. τοὺς γὰρ νικῶν- 
Tas προσήκειν καὶ τῷ παρόντι ἀρκεῖσθαι στρα- 

A \ / / ” > > > 
τεύματι, καὶ χρήματα στέλλειν οἴκαδε, ἀλλ᾽ οὐ 
προσαιτεῖν. 

/ > ¢e \ δὴ 

“Ἕως μὲν οὖν ἐνεδήμει ὁ Φάβιος, δεινὸν οὐδὲν 

A ς / ΕῚ 7 ξ “4 A 5» A © , 
τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις ἐγένετο, ὡς δ᾽ ἐκεῖνος εἰς τὴν Ρώμην 

a «ς \ ς a 
ἀπῆρε κατά τι δημόσιον, ἔπταισαν. ὃ yap Povdos 
ε. ὦ δὲς 
ὁ ἵππαρχος, φρόνημα κενὸν ὑπὸ νεότητος ἔχων 

a a / 3 Xx 
Kal TOV πολεμικῶν σφαλμάτων ἀπερίοπτος WV 

\ A 7 - ip > / > \ \ 

καὶ TH μελλήσει TOD Φαβίου ἀχθόμενος, ἐπεὶ τὴν 

a a / lal \ 

προστασίαν τῆς στρατιᾶς μόνος ἔσχε, TOV μὲν 

a n ¢ >] 

ἐντολῶν TOD δικτάτορος ὠλιγώρησεν, ὁρμήσας ὃ 

a a > 

els παράταξιν τὸ μὲν πρῶτον νικᾶν ἔδοξεν, εἶτα 
b) / 

ἡττήθη. κἂν Tavavdl διεφθάρη, εἰ μή τινες Σαυνι- 

lal lal 7 

TOV κατὰ τύχην τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις ἐπίκουροι ἀφικνού- 
a / 

μενοι δόξαν τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις παρέσχον προσι- 

έναι τὸν Φάβιον. ἀναχωρησάντων οὖν διὰ τοῦτο 

\ ς , ΝΥ 
κεκρατηκέναι ἐνόμισε, καὶ ἐς τὴν Ῥώμην τὸ ἔργον 
116 


BOOK XIV 


tinually φτῤμαν of his favourable progress and_ his 
many successes, he also asked them for money and 
soldiers. They said his requests did not agree at all 
with his successes: victors ought to find the army 
they have sufficient, and ought to send money home 


instead of demanding still more from them. 


Zonaras 8, 26. 


favourable progress and his many successes, and at 
the same time asked them for soldiers and money. 
They said his requests did not accord with his suc- 
cesses : conquerors ought to find the army they have 
sufficient, and to forward money home instead of 
demanding more. 

As long as Fabius was present no disaster hap- 
pened to the Romans, but when he departed for Rome 
on some public business, they met with a reverse. 
Rufus, the master of horse, who possessed the 
vain conceit of youth, was not observant of the 
errors of warfare and was angered by the delays 
of Fabius. Hence, when once he came _ to 
hold the command of the army by himself, he 
disregarded the injunctions of the dictator and 
hastened to bring on a pitched battle, in which at 
first he seemed to be victorious, but was soon de- 
feated. Indeed, his force would have been utterly 
destroyed, had not some Samnites arrived by chance 
to aid the Romans and impressed the Carthaginians 
with the idea that Fabius was approaching. When 
for this reason they retired, he thought that he had 
vanquished them, and sent messages to Rome 


117 


3] 


18 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


vy ον / > Ψ “ > \ 
Ἰγκλημα γοῦν ἔχω οὐχ OTL προπετῶς ἐς τὰς 
μάχας χωρῶ, οὐδ᾽ ὅτι διὰ κινδύνων στρατηγῶ, 
~ \ \ lal n > Ν 
ἵνα πολλοὺς μὲν τῶν στρατιωτῶν ἀποβαλὼν 
\ \ S n / > / ᾽ 
πολλοὺς δὲ καὶ τῶν πολεμίων ἀποκτείνας αὐτο- 
κράτωρ τε ὀνομασθῶ καὶ τὰ ἐπινίκια πέμψω, 
arr ὅτι βραδύνω καὶ ὅτι μέλλω καὶ ὅτι τῆς 
σωτηρίας ὑμῶν ἰσχυρῶς ἀεὶ προορῶμαι.----Μκ. 
Conf. Flor. f. 157% (M. p. 542.) 
[7 nan an ͵7 a ΕῚ ͵ Ss 
Ore τοῖς πολλοῖς σύνηθες τοῖς ἀρχομένοις εὖ 
φέρεσθαι ῥᾳδίως, ἄλλως τε καὶ ἐπὶ διαβολῇ τῶν 
ἠδ j (θεσθαι,; διότι τὸ μὲν ἃ 
εὐδοκιμούντων, προστίθεσθαι, διότε τὸ μὲν ἄρτι 
, / \ B- Ὁ / ” 
προφαινόμενον συναύξειν, τὸ δ᾽ ὑπερέχον ἔτι καθ- 
αἱρεῖν πεφύκασι: τοῖς μὲν γὰρ ἐκ πλείονός σφων 
/ > ” b / / \ 
προφέρουσιν οὐκ av τις ἐξαίφνης παρισωθείη, τὸ 
2 ᾽ / > % > / \ >? / τς \ 
δ᾽ ἀδόκητον αὐξηθὲν ἐλπίδα καὶ ἐκείνοις és τὴν 
ὁμοίαν εὐτυχίαν φέρει.---Μ. 155 (p. 194). 
“ 3 / » / A / e 
Or. ᾿Αννίβας ἤτοι χαριζόμενος τῷ Φαβίῳ ὡς 
\ ΟῚ 7] / bY Xx \ : ῪΝ A 
Kal ἐπιτηδείῳ σφίσιν ὄντι, ἢ Kal ἐπὶ διαβολῇ 


Zonaras 8, 26. 


μεγαλύνων Kal τὸν δικτάτορα προσδιαβάλλων 
\ \ na 
ἐπέστειλεν, ὀκνηρὸν Kal μελλητὴν αὐτὸν καλῶν 
“ / ral 
καὶ τὰ τῶν ἐναντίων φρονοῦντα. 
ς ᾽ > a ¢ , 7 \ ς an 
Οἱ δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ νενικηκέναι tov “Poddov 
, , \ / / 
ὄντως ἐνόμισαν, Kal οἷα παρὰ δόξαν θαρσήσαντες 
΄ \ 
Kal ἐπήνουν αὐτον Kal ἐτίμων, Kal τὸν Φάβιον ἐν 
/ / \ a 
ὑποψίᾳ σχόντες διὰ ταῦτα Kal ὅτι τὰ ἐν Καμ- 
1 


εὖ φέρεσθαι. .. προστίθεσθαι Kuiper, συμφέρεσθαι... 
προστίθενται Ms. 


t18 


BOOK XIV 


Il am ander accusation, not because I rush head- 
long into battles, nor because I risk dangers in my 
office as general, purposing by losing many soldiers 
and killing many enemies to be hailed wnperator and 
to celebrate a triumph, but because I am slow and 
because I delay and because I am always providing 
carefully for your safety. 

It is customary for most men readily to assist those 
who are beginning to be successful, especially with a 
view to discrediting those already in favour ; for it 
is their nature to help in advancing any force that is 
just coming to light, but to overthrow what has 
already obtained preéminence. People cannot, of 
course, immediately measure themselves with those 
who are very far ahead of them; but growth in 
an unexpected quarter brings hope of a like good 
fortune to those still in obscurity.! 

Hannibal, either as a favour to Fabius, because 
he was really of service to them, or perhaps 


Zonaras 8, 26. 
magnifying his exploit and also slandering the 
dictator ; he called Fabius timid, a delayer, and a 
sympathizer with the enemy. 

The people of Rome believed that Rufus had 
really conquered, and in view of this unexpected 
encouragement they commended and honoured him. 
They were suspicious of Fabius both because of this 
affair and because the enemy had not ravaged 


1 Boissevain believes this is from a speech of M. Terentius 
Varro in favour of equalizing the powers of the dictator and 
of the master of horse. 


110 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


αὐτοῦ, οὐδὲν τῶν προσηκόντων οἱ KaTédpaper. 
a / a 4 na 
καὶ διὰ τοῦτ᾽ ἀντιδόσεως τῶν αἰχμαλώτων τοῖς 
«ς rs \ \ / oe > « 
Ρωμαίοις πρὸς τοὺς Καρχηδονίους, ὥσθ᾽ ὁπο- 
/ x 1 / 6 θῶ » θῆ / 
tépwv ἂν' πλείους εὑρεθῶσιν ἀπολυτρωθῆναί 
/ \ a ς / \ 
σφας, γενομένης, καὶ τῶν Ῥωμαίων μὴ βουλη- 
/ rn / ΄ 
θέντων αὐτοὺς ἐκ τοῦ δημοσίου λυτρώσασθαι, 
\ / ς / 5 i \ 4 > a 
τὰ χωρία ὁ Φάβιος ἀποδόμενος τὰ λύτρα αὐτοῖς 
> / δ ὃ \ a ἈΠῈ Ν᾿ ἢ > 
16 eyvyaploaTo. καὶ Ol1@ τοῦτο GAUTOV μεν“ οὐκ 
a τὴ / \ \ 7 
ἔπαυσαν, τῷ δὲ ἱππάρχῳ τὴν αὐτὴν οἱ ἐξουσίαν 
»” Ὁ > bd / es 2 \ n » 
ἔδωκαν, ὥστ᾽ ἀμφοτέρους ἅμα ἀπὸ τῆς ἴσης 
a Vy \ 9 / > / > \ "7 
ἄρχειν. καὶ ὁ μὲν" Φάβιος οὐδεμίαν ὀργὴν οὔτε 
a / ” mS / ΕΣ a \ 
τοῖς πολίταις οὔτε τῷ Ῥούφῳ ἔσχε: τῶν τε γὰρ 
/ / / a 
ἀνθρωπίνων πραγμάτων συνεγίγνωσκεν αὐτοῖς, Kal 
cal ς n 
ἀγαπητὸν ἐποιεῖτο εἰ καὶ ὁπωσοῦν περιγένοιντο. 
\ μὴ \ ’ \ an > 2 >? > x. 
τὸ γὰρ κοινὸν σώζεσθαι Kal κρατεῖν, ἀλλ᾽ οὐκ αὐτὸς 
a Ν a ὔ 
εὐδοξεῖν ἤθελεν, τήν τε ἀρετὴν οὐκ ἐν τοῖς ψηφί- 
F > a a > 
σμασιν ἀλλ᾽ ἐν TH ἑκάστου ψυχῆ εἶναι, Kal τὸ 
a , a Xs 'f / 
κρεῖττον TO TE χεῖρον οὐκ ἀπὸ" δόγματός τινι 
> s 2 a > a ? / > 7 x > / 
ἀλλ᾽ ἐκ τῆς αὐτοῦ ἐκείνου ἐπιστήμης ἢ ἀμαθίας 


Zonaras 8, 26. 

, , > a » 25 / . a \ a 
πανίᾳ χωρία αὐτοῦ οὐκ ἐδῇωσαν, μικροῦ καὶ τῆς 
a Ἂ > ~~ a / 
ἀρχῆς av παρέλυσαν. ἀλλ᾽ ἐκεῖνον μὲν χρήσιμον 

/ 3 7 a > 
νομίζοντες εἶναι οὐκ ἔπαυσαν, τῷ δ᾽ ἱππάρχῳ τὴν 
> \ > ’ / “ > .8Δὃ » \ \ 
αὐτὴν ἐξουσίαν προσένειμαν, ὥστ᾽ ἄμφω ἀπὸ τὴς 
Μ A 4 x 4 ς \ a 
ἴσης ἄρχειν. δοξάντων δὲ τούτων ὁ μὲν Φάβιος 
» a / ” ar τῷ / ” > / 
οὔτε τοῖς πολίταις οὔτε τῷ Ῥούφῳ ἔσχεν ὀργήν, 


' ἂν added by Bk. 2 μὲν added by Val. 
120 3 οὐκ ἀπὸ Val., ov Ms. 


ΒΟΟΚ Χιν 


to create a prejudice against him, did not ravage 
any of his possessions. Accordingly, when an ex- 
change of captives was effected between the Romans 
and Carthaginians, with the proviso that any number 
in excess on either side should be ransomed, and the 
Romans were unwilling to ransom their men with 
money from the public treasury, Fabius sold the 
farms and paid their ransom. Therefore they did 
not depose him, but gave equal power to his master 
of horse, so that both held command simultaneously 
and on an equal footing. Fabius, for his part, 
cherished no anger against either the citizens or 
Rufus; he excused them for an act prompted by 
human nature and was content if in any way they 
might survive. For he desired the preservation and 
victory of the commonwealth rather than his own 
glory; and he believed that excellence depended 
not on decrees, but on each man’s spirit, and 
that victory or defeat was the result not of any 
ordinance, but of a man’s own wisdom or ignorance. 


Zonaras 8, 26. 
his fields in Campania; and it would have taken 
but little to cause them to deprive him of his 
command. However, since they believed him 
useful, they did not depose him, but assigned equal 
power to his master of horse, so that both held 
command on an equal footing. When this decree 
had been passed, Fabius, for his part, cherished no 
anger against either the citizens or Rufus; but 


T2I 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


11 ὑπάρχειν νομίζων. ὁ δὲ δὴ Ῥοῦφος οὐδὲ ἐν τῷ 
πρὶν ὀρθῶς φρονῶν τότε δὴ καὶ μᾶλλον ἐπεφύ- 
onto, καὶ κατέχειν ἑαυτόν, ἅτε καὶ τῆς ἀπειθ.- 
αρχίας ἄθλον τὴν πρὸς τὸν δικτάτορα ἰσομοιρίαν 
προσλαβών, οὐκ ἐδύνατο, ἀλλ᾽ ἡμέραν ἠξίου map 
ἡμέραν ἢ Kal πλείους ἐναλλὰξ μόνος ἄρχειν. ὁ 
δὲ Φάβιος φοβηθεὶς μή τι κακόν σφας, εἰ πάσης 
τῆς δυνάμεως ἐγκρατὴς γένοιτο, ἐξεργάσαιτο, πρὸς 
οὐδέτερον αὐτῷ συνήνεσεν, ἀλλ᾽ ἐνείματο τὸ 
στράτευμα, ὥστε ἐν ὁμοίῳ τοῖς ὑπάτοις καὶ 
ἐκείνους ἰδίαν ἑκάτερον ἰσχὺν ἔχειν. καὶ παρα- 
χρῆμα ὁ Ῥοῦφος ' ἀπεστρατοπεδεύσατο," ἵνα καὶ 
τῷ ἔργῳ διάδηλος, ὅτι αὐτὸς καθ᾽ ἑαυτόν, ἀλλ᾽ οὐχ 
ὑπὸ τῷ δικτάτορι ἄρχοι, yévorto.—V. 32 (p. 597). 


Zonaras 8, 20. 

ὁ δὲ Ῥοῦφος, οὐδὲ πρὶν ὀρθῶς φρονῶν, τότε 
μάλιστα ἐπεφύσητο καὶ κατέχειν ἑαυτὸν οὐκ 
ἠδύνατο, ἀλλ᾽ ἡμέραν ἠξίου παρ᾽ ἡμέραν ἢ καὶ 
πλείους ἐφεξῆς ἐναλλὰξ μόνος ἄρχειν. δείσας 

ὁ Φάβιος μή τι κακὸν ἐξεργάσηται, εἰ πάσης τῆς 
δυνάμεως γένοιτο ἐγκρατής, πρὸς οὐδέτερον αὐτῷ 
συνήνεσεν, ἀλλ᾽ ἐνείματο τὸ στρατόπεδον, ὥστε 
τοῖς ὑπάτοις ἐπ᾽ ἴσης ἰδίαν ἑκάτερον ἰσχὺν ἔχειν. 
καὶ παραχρῆμα ὁ “Ῥοῦφος ἀπεστρατοπεδεύσατο, 
iva διάδηλος ἢ ἢ ὅτι καθ᾽ ἑαυτὸν ἄρχει, ἀλλ᾽ οὐ 

ὑπὸ τῷ δικτάτορι. ὁ οὖν ᾿Αννίβας τοῦτο αἰσθο- 
μενος ἐς μάχην αὐτὸν ὑπηγάγετο, ὡς ἐπὶ κατα- 

1 6 Ῥοῦφος supplied by Melber ; cf. Zon. 


2 ἀπεστρατοπεδεύσατο Rk., awecrpatowedevoavt (= -ros Ms.). 
I22 


BOOK XIV 


Rufus, however, who had not shown the right spirit 
in the first place, was now more than ever puffed up 
and could not contain himself, because he had 
actually obtained through his insubordination the 
prize of equal authority with the dictator. And so 
he kept asking for the right to hold sole command 
on alternate days, or for several days at a time. 
Fabius, fearing that he might cause them some 
mischief if he should get possession of the undivided 
power, did not consent to either of his proposals, but 
divided the army in such a way that they also, like 
the consuls, had each his own force. And immediately 
Rufus encamped apart, in order to make it clear in a 
practical way that he was commanding in his own 
right and not subject to the dictator. 


Zonaras 8, 26, 


Rufus, who had not shown the right spirit in the 
first place, was now especially puffed up and could 
not contain himself, but kept asking for the right to 
hold sole command on alternate days or for a period 
of several days at atime. Fabius, dreading that he 
might cause some mischief if he should get pos- 
session of the undivided power, did not consent 
to either of his proposals, but divided the army in 
such a way that each had his own force, in the same 
manner as did the consuls. And immediately Rufus 
encamped apart, in order to make it clear that he was 
commanding in his own right and not subject to the 
dictator. Hannibal, accordingly, on perceiving this, 
came up as if to seize a position, and drew him into 


123 


19 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ « ca an 
Ὅτι ὁ Ροῦφος ἰσομοιρίαν λαχὼν τῷ δικτάτορι 
καὶ ἡττηθεὶς ὑπὸ Καρχηδονίων μετεβάλετο (σω- 
/ 
ppovifover yap πως τοὺς μὴ πάνυ ἀνοήτους αἱ 
/ a 
συμφοραί) Kai ἐθελοντὴς τὴν ἡγεμονίαν ἀφῆκε. 
καὶ αὐτὸν ἰσχυρῶς ἐπὶ τούτῳ πάντες ἐπήνεσαν'" 
ο \ , 
ov yap ὅτι μὴ κατ᾽ ἀρχὰς τὸ δέον ἔγνω, μεμπτὸς 
᾽ / > ’ e \ , a 
ἐνομίζετο, ἀλλ᾽ OTL μὴ κατώκνησε μετανοῆσαι, 
a ” \ \ \ > \ , > \ \ 
καλῶς-ἤκουε. TO μὲν γὰρ ἀπὸ πρώτης εὐθὺς TA 
/ / ς / \ > / » 
προσήκοντά τινα ἑλέσθαι καὶ εὐτυχίας ἔργον 
ἡγοῦντο εἶναι, τὸ δὲ ἐκ τῆς πείρας τῶν πραγ- 
/ \ / / \ > a 
μάτων τὰ βελτίω μαθόντα μὴ αἰσχυνθῆναι μετα- 
θέ θ / > ΄ “ 1 \ > / 
ἔσθαι μεγάλως ἐπήνουν. wate! Kal ἐκ τούτου 
a “ “ PN b Ἂς » / 
δειχθῆναι σαφῶς ὅσον ἀνὴρ ἀνδρὸς ἀρετή τε 
ἀληθὴς δοκήσεως διαφέρει: ἃ γοῦν φθόνῳ καὶ 


Zonaras 8, 26. 

/ / / \ / 
λήψει χωρίου προσελθών" καὶ περιστοιχισάμενος 
ἐξ ἐνέδρας εἰς, κίνδυνον κατέστησεν ὡς πανστρατιᾷ 
ἐξελεῖν, εἰ μὴ ὁ Φάβιος κατὰ νώτου αὐτῷ προσ- 
πεσὼν ἐκώλυσε. 

a £ an 
Παθὼν οὖν τοῦτο ὁ Ῥοῦφος μετεβάλετο, Kal τὸ 
7 ? \ , > \ / > \ 
στράτευμά τε TO περίλοιπον ἐς τὸν Φάβιον εὐθὺς 
ἤγαγε, καὶ τὴν ἀρχὴν παραδέδωκεν, οὐδ᾽ ἀνέμεινε 
τὸν δῆ ἣμον ἀναψηφίσασθαι, ἀλλ᾽ ἐθελοντὴς τὴν 
ἡγεμονίαν, ἣν παρ᾽ αὐτοῦ μόνος ἱππάρχων ἔλαβεν, 
ἀφῆκε. καὶ αὐτὸν ἐπὶ τούτῳ πάντες ἐπήνεσαν. 
καὶ ὁ Φάβιος αὐτίκα μηδὲν ἐνδοιάσας πᾶσαν 


124 1 ὥστε added by Bk. 


BOOK XIV 


Rufus, who, after obtaining equal authority with 
the dictator, had been defeated by the Carthaginians, 
altered his course (for disasters somehow chasten 
those who are not utter fools) and voluntarily re- 
signed his command. And for this all praised him 
highly. He was not thought deserving of censure 
for his failure to recognize at first what was fitting, 
but was rather commended for not hesitating to 
change his mind. They deemed it really a piece 
of good fortune for a man to choose right at the start 
a proper course of conduct, whereas they were loud 
in their praise of the course of one, who, having 
learned from practical experience the better way, was 
not ashamed to change his course. Thus from.this 
episode, too, it was clearly shown how much one 
man differs from another and true excellence from 
the reputation therefor. What had been taken 


Zonaras 8, 26. 


battle. He then surrounded him by means of an 
ambuscade and placed him in such a dangerous 
position that his entire army would have been anni- 
hilated, had not Fabius assailed Hannibal in the rear 
and prevented it. 

After this experience Rufus altered his course, 
and leading the remnant of the army immediately to 
Fabius, laid down his authority. He did not wait for 
the people to revoke it, but voluntarily resigned the 
command, which he alone of masters of the horse 
had obtained from his superior. And for this all 
praised him. Fabius at once, without any hesitation, 


125 


2] 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


διαβολῇ πρὸς τῶν πολιτῶν ὁ Φάβιος ἀφῃρέθη, 
ἴω ᾽ ἴω 
ταῦτα Tap ἑκόντος τοῦ συνάρχοντος καὶ δεομένου 
γε ἀνεκτήσατο---Μ. 156 (p. 194). 
Ὅ ε » Ἂς / > a ᾽ a > / 
TLO AUTOS μέλλων EK τῆς ἀρχῆς aTadrayn- 
σεσθαι τοὺς ὑπάτους μετεπέμψατο Kal ἐκεῖνό 
τε αὐτοῖς παρέδωκε καὶ προσπαρήνεσε πάνθ᾽ ὅσα 
πραχθῆναι ἐχρῆν ἀφθονώτατα: τήν τε γὰρ σωτη- 
ρίαν τῆς πόλεως προετίμα τοῦ μόνος γε δοκεῖν 
a + \ > by Φ 7 ? 
καλῶς ἄρχειν, Kal οὐκ ἐξ ὧν ἂν ἔπταισαν ἰδιο- 
/ > 3/5 κὰ , / 
γνωμονήσαντες, ἀλλ, ἐξ ὧν κατώρθωσαν πεισθέντες 
aA a > / ’ \ 
αὐτῷ μᾶλλον ἐπαινεθήσεσθαι προσεδόκησε. Kal 
e e \ 7Q\ / \ \ “ 
οἱ ὕπατοι δὲ οὐδὲν θρασέως κατὰ τὴν τοῦ 
Φ 
Φαβίου ὑποθήκην ἔπραξαν, ἀλλ᾽ ἐν ἀμείνονι τὸ 
μή τι καταπρᾶξαι τοῦ καὶ σφαλῆναι τιθέμενοι 
κατὰ χώραν πάντα τὸν τῆς ἡγεμονίας χρόνον 
ἔμειναν.---Μ. 157 (p. 195). 


Zonaras 8, 26. 
ἐδέξατο, καὶ ὁ δῆμος αὐτὸ ἀπεδέξατο. Kal μετὰ 
ταῦτα αὐτός τε ἀσφαλέστατα προέστη τοῦ στρα- 
τεύματος, καὶ μέλλων ἀπαλλαγήσεσθαι τῆς ἀρχῆς 
τοὺς ὑπάτους μετεπέμψατο καὶ τὸ στράτευμα 
σφίσι παρέδωκε καὶ πάνθ᾽ ὅσα πραχθῆναι ἐ ἐχρῆν 
παρήνεσεν. ἀφθονώτατα. κἀκεῖνοι θρασέως οὐδέν, 
ἀλλὰ κατὰ τὴν ὑποθήκην τοῦ Φαβίου ἅπαντα 
ἔπραξαν, καίπερ ὁ Γέμινος καὶ προκατωρθώκει τι. 
τὸ γὰρ ναυτικὸν τῶν Καρχηδονίων ἰδὼν ὁρμῆσαν 
μὲν ἐπὶ τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν, διὰ δὲ τὴν ἀντιπαρασκευὴν 


126 


BOOK XIV 


away from Fabius by the citizens, as the result of 
envy and slander, he received back with the good- 
will and even at the request of his colleague. 

The same man, when about to retire from office, 
sent for the consuls, surrendered it [the army] to 
them, and furthermore advised them very fully 
regarding all the details of what must be done. For 
the safety of the city stood higher in his estimation 
than a reputation for being the only successful com- 
mander ; and for his praise he looked not to the failures 
they would make in following their own counsels, 
but rather to the successes they would gain by 
heeding his advice. And the consuls, acting on the 
suggestion of Fabius, were not unduly bold, but 
deemed it better not to accomplish any important 
result than to be ruined ; hence they remained where 
they were throughout the entire period of their 
command. 


Zonaras 8, 26. 


accepted entire control, and the people gave their 
sanction. Thereafter, while himself head of the army 
he acted with great circumspection, and when about to 
retire from office he sent for the consuls, surrendered 
the army to them, and advised them very fully regard- 
ing all the details of what must be done. And they 
were not unduly bold, but acted entirely on the 
suggestion of Fabius, even though Geminus had 
already met with some success. He had seen the Car- 
thaginian fleet heading for Italy but not venturing to 
make a landing because of the counter-preparations 


127 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 8, 26-9, 1. 
= oe a ye aa , / 
αὐτῶν μὴ προσμῖξαν αὐτῇ, ἐπεκπλεύσας τά TE 
τῶν Κυρνίων καὶ τὰ τῶν Σαρδονίων ἐν τῷ παρά- 
/ 
πλῳ ἐβεβαιώσατο, καὶ és τὴν Λιβύην ἐκβὰς 
, ’ὔ lol a 
ἐλεηλάτησε τὴν παραλίαν αὐτῆς. ταῦτα μὲν 
\ 
ἔπραξεν, οὐ μέντοι δι’ αὐτὰ ἐπεφύσητο ὥστε πρὸς 
τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν διακινδυνεῦσαι, ἀλλὰ ταῖς ἐντολαῖς 
a / S. Ὑ “ e / 
τοῦ Φαβίου ἐνέμεινεν. ὅθενπερ καὶ ai πόλεις 
tal / 
οὐκέθ᾽ ὁμοίως τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις προσετίθεντο. 
na / a 
ἐφοβοῦντο yap μὴ ὁ ᾿Αννίβας τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας éx- 
, ¢ 7 
πέσῃ, καὶ κακόν TL αὐτοὶ ὑπὸ Ῥωμαίων ἅτε 
προσοίκων πάθωσι. καὶ οἱ μὲν πλείους τὸ ἀπο- 
/ > / ὼς ὦ \ \ .' «ς 
βησόμενον ἐσκόπουν, ὀλίγοι δὲ πρὸς τοὺς Ῥω- 
μαίους αὖθις μετέστησαν, καὶ ἀναθήματά τινες 
> a ” \ la ty / \ 
αὐτοῖς ἔπεμψαν. καὶ tov ‘lépwvos πολλὰ πε- 
’ A \ ‘ » φ: (ἢ rn 
πομφότος, σῖτον καὶ Νίκης ἄγαλμα οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι 
/ > ’ 
μόνα ἔλαβον, καίπερ ἐν ἀχρηματίᾳ ὄντες, ὥστε 
Ν > “ / , 
TO ἀργυροῦν νόμισμα, ἀμιγὲς Kal καθαρὸν γινό- 
/ an cr 
μενον πρότερον, χαλκῷ προσμῖξαι. 
a mF 
9,1. Ταῦτα ἐν τῇ ᾿Ιταλίᾳ τότε ἐπράχθη: Kai 
ε [ 
an 4 a. 6 , 
tives δοῦλοι συνωμοσίαν ἐπὶ TH Ῥώμῃ πεποιη- 
΄, , ’ 
κότες προκατελήφθησαν" κατάσκοπός TE TLS ἁλοὺς 
ἐν αὐτῇ τὰς χεῖρας ἀπεκόπη καὶ ἀφείθη, ἵνα τοῖς 
, a 
Καρχηδονίοις γένηται τοῦ πάθους αὐτάγγελος. ἐν 
\ a » 7 ’ \ a a mM 
δὲ τῇ Ἰβηρίᾳ ναυμαχίᾳ πρὸς τῇ Tod Ἴβηρος 
bf a e / Ψ' FF > a \ » 
ἐκβολῇ ὁ Σκιπίων ἐνίκησεν: ἰσοπαλῶς γὰρ ἀγω- 
νιζομένων τὰ ἱστία τῶν νεῶν ὑπετέμετο, ὅπως 
/ / 
ἀπογνόντες προθυμότερον ἀγωνίσωνται. Kal τήν 
τε χώραν ἐπόρθησε καὶ τείχη συχνὰ ἐχειρώσατο, 
128 


BOOK XIV 


Zonaras ὃ, 26-9, 1. 


of the Romans, and he had set out on a retaliatory 
voyage, after first making sure of the good conduct of 
the Corsicans and Sardinians by a cruise past their 
coasts ; he had then landed in Africa and plundered 
the coast region. In spite of this achievement he 
was not so puffed up by it as to risk a decisive 
engagement with Hannibal, but was willing to abide 
by the injunctions of Fabius. As a consequence, 
the cities were no longer going gver to the 
Carthaginians, as they had been doing; for they 
feared that Hannibal might be driven out of Italy 
and they themselves might suffer some injury at 
the hands of the Romans, since they were their 
neighbours. The majority, to be sure, were awaiting 
the outcome, but a few went over once more to 
the Romans, and some sent them offerings. Hiero 
also sent many gifts, but the Romans accepted 
only grain and a statue of Victory, although they 
were in such hard straits for money that the silver 
coinage, which previously had been unalloyed and 
pure, was now mixed with copper. 

9,1. This is what took place in Italy at that period. 
Some slaves also formed a conspiracy against Rome, 
but were apprehended in time. And a spy caught 
in the city had his hands cut off and was then 
released, so that he might himself bear witness to 
the Carthaginians of his experience. In Spain, in a 
sea-fight near the mouth of the Iberus, Scipio was 
victorious; when the struggle had proved to be 
indecisive, the sails had been cut down, in order that 
the men might be rendered desperate and so fight 
more zealously. He also ravaged the country, 
captured numerous fortresses, and through his 


129 
VOL. II. K 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 1. : 


a a / τὰ / 
καὶ διὰ τοῦ ἀδελφοῦ Πουπλίου Sxitrimvos πόλεις 
lal “ / / ” / 
τῶν Ἰβήρων προσεκτήσατο. “ABedos yap τις 
v ὃ la \ na K ὃ / 4 \ 
IBnp, δοκῶν μὲν τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις πιστὸς, τὰ 
lal ἢ / \ 
τῶν Ῥωμαίων δὲ θεραπεύων, ἀνέπεισε τὸν φρου- 
ροῦντα τοὺς τῶν ᾿Ιβήρων ὁμήρους οἴκαδε αὐτοὺς 
ἀποπέμψαι, ἵν᾽ ἐς εὔνοιαν τάχα ὑπ᾽ αὐτῶν αἱ 
/ 6 an \ \ a Ψ \ 
πόλεις ὑπαχθῶσι: Kai παραλαβὼν σφᾶς, ἅτε Kal 
A / \ / 
τῆς ἐπινοίας εἰσηγητὴς γεγονώς, πρὸς τοὺς Σκιπί- 
/ 
wvdas τε πρότερον πέμψας Kal κοινολογησάμενος 
φΦ' » / 
περὶ ὧν ἠξίου, ἔπειτα νυκτὸς ὑπεκκομίζων αὐτοὺς 
ἑάλω δῆθεν. καὶ οὕτως ἐκείνων τε ἐγκρατεῖς ἐγέ- 
« a / rn 
vovto οἱ Ρωμαῖοι καὶ τὰς πατρίδας αὐτῶν ava- 
κομισθέντων οἴκαδε κατεκτήσαντο. 


130 


BOOK XIV 


Zonaras 9, 1. 


brother, Publius Scipio, won over some Spanish cities. 
A Spaniard named Abelux, who affected loyalty 
to the Carthaginians, but was in reality further- 
ing the Roman interests, persuaded the keeper of 
the Spanish hostages to send them to their homes, 
in order that through them, as he suggested, their 
cities might be brought into friendly relations. 
Abelux naturally took charge of them, inasmuch as 
he had been the one to suggest the idea, but he first 
sent to the Scipios and acquainted them with his 
purpose; then, while he was secretly taking the 
hostages away by night, he managed to be captured. 
In this way the Romans obtained possession of these 
men and won over their native states by restoring 
them to their homes. 


K 2 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 1. 


Ἔν μὲν οὖν τούτοις εὐτύχουν, συμφορᾷ δ᾽ αὖ 
περιέπεσον ἧς οὔτε πρόσθεν οὔθ᾽ ὕ ὕστερον δεινοτέρᾳ 
οὐδεμιᾷ. προηγήσατο δὲ ταύτης καί τινα τέρατα 
καὶ τὰ τῆς Σιβύλλης λόγια, ἥτις πρὸ τοσούτων 
ἐτῶν τὴν συμφορὰν αὐτοῖς ἐμαντεύσατο. θαυμα- 
στὸν δὲ καὶ τὸ τοῦ Μάρκου προμάντευμα. χρη- 
σμολόγος γάρ τις καὶ οὗτος γενόμενος, ἐν τῷ 
Διομηδείῳ πεδίῳ πταίσειν αὐτούς, ἅτε καὶ Τ ρῶας 
τὸ ἀρχαῖον ὄντας, ἐφοίβασε. τοῦτο δ᾽ ἐν ᾿Απουλίᾳ 
τῇ Δαυνίων ἐστί, καὶ τὸ ὄνομα ἀπὸ τῆς τοῦ Διο- 

μήδους κατοικήσεως, ἣν ἐκεῖ ἀλητεύσας ἐποιήσατο, 
ἔσχηκεν. ἐν γὰρ τῷ πεδίῳ ἐ ἐκείνῳ καὶ αἱ Κάνναι, 
ἔνθα τότε ἐδυστύχησαν, παρά τε τῷ ᾿Ιονίῳ κόλπῳ 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 602, 
» > 

Oi yap ᾿Ιάπυγες καὶ "Απουλοι περὶ τὸν ᾿Ιόνιον 

7 > a b / \ ” \ \ 
κόλπον οἰκοῦσιν. ᾿Απούλων δὲ ἔθνη κατὰ τὸν 
Δίωνα Πευκέτιοι ἸΠεδίκουλοι καὶ Δαύνιοι καὶ 

a /, 
Ταραντῖνοι. καὶ Kavvarc Διομήδους πεδίον ἐστὶ 
Tzetzes, Chil. 1, 757-59. 


Ὕστερον ἀντετάξατο “Ρωμαίοις ἐν ταῖς Κάν- 

vais,  ἱῬωμαίων ὄντων στρατηγῶν [Ταύλου καὶ 
/ ¢ ΄ 7 / > a > 

Tepevtiov. | αἱ Κάνναι πεδιάδες δέ εἰσι τῆς ᾿Αρ- 


132 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 1. 


ALTHOUGH in these matters they were fortunate, 5.0. 216 
they encountered elsewhere a disaster as terrible as 
any which they ever suffered either before or after- 
wards. It was preceded by certain portents and the 
oracles of the Sibyl, who had prophesied the disaster 
to them so many years before. Remarkable also was 
the prediction of Marcus.! He was a certain sooth- 
sayer who foretold that, inasmuch as they were 
Trojans of old, they should be overthrown in the 
Plain of Diomed. This is in Daunian Apulia and 
has taken its name from the settlement of Diomed, 
which he made there in the course of his wanderings. 
In that plain is also Cannae, where the present mis- 
fortune occurred, close to the Ionian Gulf and near 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 602. 


The Iapygians and Apulians dwell along the 
Ionian Gulf. The tribes of the Apulians, according 
to Dio, are the Peucetii, Pediculi, Daunii, and Taren- 
tines. There is also Cannae, the Plain of Diomed, 


Tzetzes, Chil. 1, 757-59. 

Later he arrayed himself against the Romans 
at Cannae, when the Roman generals were Paulus 
and Terentius. Cannae is a plain of Argyrippa, 

1 Probably an error for Marcius ; cf. Livy, 25, 12. 


151 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


57,22 “Ore περὶ μαντικῆς καὶ ἀστρονομίας φησὶν ὁ Δίων 


28 


“ ἐγὼ μέντοι οὔτε περὶ τούτων οὔτε περὶ τῶν ἄλλων 
τῶν ἐκ μαντικῆς προλεγομένων τισὶ συμβαλεῖν 
ἔχω: τί γάρ που καὶ βούλεται TO! προσημαίνειν, 
εἴ γε πάντως τέ τι ἔσται καὶ μηδεμία ἂν αὐτοῦ 
ἀποτροπὴ μήτ᾽ ἀνθρωπίνῃ περιτεχνήσει μήτ᾽ αὖ 
θείᾳ προνοίᾳ γένοιτο; ταῦτα μὲν οὖν ὅπῃ ποτὲ 
ἑκάστῳ δοκεῖ vopwlécOw. —M. 158 (p. 195). 

“Ore ἦρχον Παῦλος καὶ Τερέντιος ἄνδρες οὐχ 


Zonaras 9, 1. 
καὶ περὶ Tas τοῦ Αὐφιδίου ἐκβολάς εἰσιν. ἡ δὲ 

Σίβυλλα φυλάττεσθαι μὲν τὸ χωρίον παρήνεσεν, 
οὐ “μέντοι καὶ πλεῖόν τι γενήσεσθαι ἔφη οὐδ᾽ εἰ διὰ 
πάσης αὐτὸ ποιήσαιντο φυλακῆς. 

Τοιαῦτα μὲν οὖν ἦσαν τὰ χρησμῳδήματα, τὰ 
δὲ τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις συμβάντα οὕτως ἐγένετο. ἦρχον 
μὲν Παῦλος Αἰμίλιος καὶ Τερέντιος Οὐάρρων, 

Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 602. 
περὶ τὴν ᾿Απουλίαν τῶν Δαυνίων. ἡ, δὲ Μεσσαπία 
καὶ ᾿Ιαπυγία ὕστερον Σαλεντία, εἶτα Καλαβρία 


ἐκλήθη. ἡ δὲ ᾿Αργύριππα πόλις τοῦ Διομήδους 
μετεκλήθη ᾿Απούλοις "Αρποι.ὃ 


Tzetzes, Chil. 1, 760-64. 
γυρίππας, | οὗ “Διομήδης ἔ ἔκτισε τὴν πόλιν ᾿Αργύ- 
ριππαν, | τουτέστιν "Apyos ‘ Ἵππειον τῇ γλώσσῃ 
τῶν ᾿Βλλήνων. | αἱ πεδιάδες αὗται δὲ τυγχάνουσι 
Δαυνίων | TOV ᾿Ιαπύγων ὕστερον, ἔπειτα Σαλαν- 
τίων, } τὰ viv δὲ πᾶσι Καλαυρῶν τὴν κλῆσιν 
λεγομένων. 


' rd inserted by Bk. 2 Meooarla Val., μεσσαπυγία Mss. 
134 ᾿Απούλοις “Apmo Cluverius, om. A, ἄπουλις ἅρπους B, 


BOOK XV 


Wiru regard to divination and astrology Dio says: 
“1, however, cannot form any opinion either about 
these events or about others that are foretold by 
divination. For what does prophesying mean, if a 
thing is going to occur in any case, and if there can 
be no averting of it either by human skill or by 
divine providence? Let each man, then, look at 
these matters in whatsoever way he pleases.”’ 

The commanders were Paulus and Terentius, men 


Zonaras 9, 1. 


the mouths of the Aufidus. The Sibyl had admon- 
ished them to beware of the spot, yet said it would 
avail them naught, even if they should keep it under 
the strictest guard. 

Such were the oracular utterances; now what 
befell the Romans was this. ‘The commanders were 
Aemilius Paulus and Terentius Varro, men not of 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 602. 


near Daunian Apulia. Messapia and lapygia were 
later called Salentia, and then Calabria. Argyrippa, 
the city of Diomed, was renamed Arpi by the 
Apulians. 
Tzetzes, Chil. 1, 760-64. 

where Diomed founded the city Argyrippa, that is 
to say, “Argos, the Horse City,” in the tongue of 
the Greeks. And this plain came to belong later 
to the Iapygian Daunii, then to the Salentini, and 
now to those whom all call by the name Calauri 
[Calabrians ]. 


135 


24 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


e / 3 a a 
ὁμοιότροποι, ἀλλ᾽ ἐξ ἴσου τῷ διαφόρῳ τοῦ γένους 
b « 
καὶ τὰ ἤθη διαλλάττοντες. ὁ μὲν yap) εὐπατρίδης 
τε ἢν καὶ παιδείᾳ ἐκεκόσ ) Lo pare 
ἢ , μήητο, TO τε ἀσφαλὲς 
a a / a 
πρὸ τοῦ προπετοῦς προετίμα, καί πῃ καὶ ἐκ τῆς 
“ΠΡ ἃ > \ an / > a ’ 7 
αἰτίας, ἣν ἐπὶ τῇ προτέρᾳ ἀρχῇ εἰλήφει, κεκο- 
/ » 2 / > 9 4 \ \ 
λουσμένος οὐκ ἐθρασύνετο, ἀλλ’ ὅπως μὴ Kal 
i / “ ¢ 
αὖθίς τι δεινὸν πάθοι μᾶλλον ἢ ὅπως ἀποτολμή- 
σας τι κατορθώσῃ ἐσκόπει, Τερέντιος δὲ ἔν τε 
Cre Ir b] LQ + (ὧν θ 4 B lal 
τῷ ὁμίλῳ ἐτέθραπτο καὶ ἐν θρασύτητι βαναυσικῇ 
ἤσκητο, καὶ διὰ ταῦτ᾽ ἔς τε τἄλλ᾽ ἐξεφρόνει καὶ 
τὸ κράτος ἑαυτῷ τοῦ πολέμου προυπισχνεῖτο. 
a / 
τοῖς Te εὐπατρίδαις πολὺς ἐνέκειτο, Kal τὴν 
ἡγεμονίαν μόνος πρὸς τὴν τοῦ συνάρχοντος 
ἐπιείκειαν ἔχειν ἡγεῦτο.---Μ. 159 (p. 196). 


Zonaras 9, 1. 

» ᾽ ς ΄ e \ \ > / » 
ἄνδρες οὐχ ὁμοιότροποι' ὁ μὲν γὰρ εὐπατρίδης ἣν 
Ἂν / / \ pen | \ / 
καὶ παιδείᾳ κεκόσμητο καὶ τὸ ἀσφαλὲς προετίμα 
τοῦ προπετοῦς, Τερέντιος δὲ ἐν τῷ ὁμίλῳ ἐτέ- 

». ΄, 
θραπτο καὶ ἐν βαναυσικῇ θρασύτητι ἤσκητο καὶ 
” > ‘ x \ ς / / » 
τἄλλα τε ἐξεφρόνει καὶ τὴν ἡγεμονίαν μόνος ἔχειν 
a \ “ ΄ / 
ἡγεῖτο διὰ τὴν TOD συνάρχοντος ἐπιείκειαν. ἦλθον 
/ “ 
οὖν ἄμφω εἰς τὸ στρατόπεδον εὐκαιρότατα" οὔτε 
\ \ ἂν 3 nan? / \ \ “Ὁ ? / 
yap τροφὴ ἔτι ἣν τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ, καὶ Ta τῶν ᾿βήρων 
/ an n > 
KEKLUNTO, τά TE TOV συμμάχων αὐτοῦ ἠλλοτρι- 
a \ , / 
οὔτο" Kal εἴ ye Kal TO βραχύτατον ἐπεσχήκεσαν, 
| yap added by v. Herw. 2 ἐσκόπει supplied by v. Herw. 
3 προυπισχνεῖτον. Herw., προσυπισχνεῖτο Ms. 


136 


ΒΟΟΚ Χν 


not of similar temperament, but differing alike in 
family and in character. The former was a patrician, 
possessed of the graces of education, and esteemed 
safety before haste; he was somewhat chastened, 
moreover, as a result of the censure he had received 
for his former conduct in office. Hence he was not 
inclined to boldness, but was considering how he 
might keep from getting into trouble again rather 
than how he might achieve success by some desperate 
venture. Terentius, however, had been brought up 
among the rabble, was practised in vulgar bravado, 
and so everywhere displayed a lack of prudence ; for 
instance, he was already promising himself the con- 
trol of the war, was inveighing much against the 
patricians, and thought that he alone held the com- 
mand in view of the amiability of his colleague. 


Zonaras 9, 1. 


similar temperament. The former was a patrician, 
possessed of the graces of education, and esteemed 
safety before haste ; but Terentius had been brought 
up among the rabble, was practised in vulgar bravado, 
and everywhere displayed a lack of prudence : for 
instance, he thought that he alone held the com- 
mand, by reason of the amiability of his colleague. 
Now they both reached the camp at a most opportune 
time ; for Hannibal had no longer any provisions, 
Spain was in turmoil, and the allies were being 
alienated from him; and if they had waited for 
even the very shortest time, they would have con- 


137 


25 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


“ Ν rn 7 ᾽ / \ \ 
Ort to τοῦ Tepevtiov ἀπερίσκεπτον καὶ τὸ 
τοῦ Παύλου ἐπιεικές, βουλομένου μὲν ἀεὶ τὰ 
προσήκοντα, συγχωροῦντος δὲ τὰ πολλὰ τῷ 
/ \ / > > A 7 
συνάρχοντι (δεινὴ γάρ ἐστιν ἐλαττωθῆναι θρά- 
σους πραύτης), ἥττησεν αὐτούς.-- Μ. 160 (p. 196). 


Zonaras 9, 1. 

ἀπόνως ἐκράτησαν ἄν. νῦν δέ ye τοῦ Tepevtiou τὸ 
ἀπερίοπτον καὶ τὸ τοῦ Ἰ]αύλου ἐπιεικὲς ἥττησεν 
αὐτούς. ὁ γὰρ ᾿Αννίβας ἐπεχείρησε μὲν καὶ 
παραχρῆμα πρὸς μάχην αὐτοὺς ὑπαγαγέσθαι, καὶ 
σὺν ὀλίγοις προσπελάσας αὐτῶν τῷ ἐρύματε, ἐπεὶ 
ἐκδρομὴ ἐγένετο, ἑκὼν ὑπεχώρησεν, ὅπως δεδιέναι 
νομισθεὶς ἐπισπάσαιτο μᾶλλον αὐτοὺς εἰς παρά- 
Tae" TOU δὲ Παύλου τοῖς οἰκείοις στρατιώταις 
ἐπισχόντος τὴν δίωξιν ὁ ὁ ᾿Αννίβας προσεποιήσατο 
φοβεῖσθαι, καὶ τῆς νυκτὸς ἀνασκευασάμενος. ὡς 
ἀπιὼν σκεύη τε συχνὰ κατέλιπεν ἐν τῷ χαρα- 
κώματι καὶ τὰ λοιπὰ ἀμελέστερον κομίζεσθαι 
ἐνετείλατο, ἵνα τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἐφ᾽ ἁρπαγὴν av- 
τῶν τραπομένων ἐπίθηται σφίσι. καὶ εἰς ἔργον 
ἂν τὸ βούλευμα ἤγαγεν, εἰ μὴ ὁ Παῦλος καὶ 
ἄκοντας κατεσχήκει τοὺς στρατιώτας καὶ τὸν 
Τερέντιον. 

O οὖν ᾿Αννίβας καὶ τούτου διαμαρτὼν νυκτὸς 
πρὸς τὰς Κάννας ἀφίκετο. καὶ γνοὺς τὸ χωρίον καὶ 
πρὸς ἐνέδρας καὶ πρὸς παράταξιν ἐπιτήδειον, ἐ ἐστρα- 
τοπεδεύσατο. καὶ προήροσε πάντα τὸν τόπον ὑπό- 
ψαμμον ¢ ὄντα, ἵνα κονιορτὸς ἐν τῇ μάχῃ ἀρθῇ: τὸν 
γὰρ ἄνεμον, ὃς ἐν θέρει ἐκεῖσε περὶ τὴν μεσημβρίαν 


138 


BOOK XV 


The heedlessness of Terentius and the amiability 
of Paulus, who always desired the proper course but 
assented to his colleague in most points (so apt is 


gentleness to yield to boldness), compassed their 
defeat. 


Zonaras 9, 1. 


quered without any trouble. As matters went, 
however, the recklessness of Terentius and the 
amiability of Paulus compassed their defeat. Han- 
nibal attempted to lead them into a conflict at once: 
with a few followers he drewnear their stronghold,and 
then, when a sortie was made, purposely fell back 
to create the impression of being afraid and so draw 
them the more surely into a pitched battle. But 
when Paulus restrained his own soldiers from pursuit, 
Hannibal simulated terror and at night packed up 
as if to depart ; he left behind him numerous articles 
lying within the palisade and ordered the rest of the 
baggage to be escorted with a considerable show of 
carelessness, so that the Romans might turn to 
plundering it and thus give him a chance to attack 
them. Indeed, he would have translated his wish 
into fact, if Paulus had not restrained his soldiers and 
Terentius quite against their will. 

So Hannibal, having failed in this attempt also, 
came by night to Cannae, and since he knew the 
place as one fit for ambuscades as well as for a 
pitched battle, he encamped there. And _ first he 
plowed up the whole site, which had a sandy sub- 
soil, in order that a cloud of dust might be raised 
in the conflict, since the wind generally springs up 


139 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, |. 


εἰώθει γίνεσθαι, κατὰ νώτου ἔχειν ἐμηχανήσατο. 
οἱ δ᾽ ὕπατοι ἕωθεν κενὸν ἀνδρῶν ἰδόντες αὐτοῦ τὸ 
χαράκωμα, πρῶτον μὲν ἐπέσχον, ἐνεδρεύεσθαι 
ὃ 9 “3 θ᾽ « / \ \ K / ᾽ 
ὀξαντες, εἶτα μεθ᾽ ἡμέρας πρὸς τὰς Κάννας ἀφί- 
\ ἢ an ay et / / 
KOVTO. καὶ παρὰ τῷ ποταμῷ ἑκάτερος ἰδίᾳ ηὐλί- 
> v « ΄, 
σατο" οὐκ ὄντες γὰρ ὁμοήθεις τὴν πρὸς ἀλλήλους 
/ »ω. 7 ΔΊ ΓΕ \ an ς 4 
συνουσίαν ἐξέκλινον. καὶ ὁ μὲν Παῦλος ἡσύχαζεν, 
«ς / / "ἢ “ ? / 
ὁ δέ ye Τερέντιος ἤθελε συμβαλεῖν: ἀμβλυτέρους 
Cc on / 
δὲ τοὺς στρατιώτας ὁρῶν ἀνεκόπτετο. ὁ δὲ ᾿Αννί- 
βας καὶ ἄκοντας αὐτοὺς εἰς μάχην παρακινῶν 
a / a 
τῆς τε ὑδρείας εἶργε Kal ἀποσκεδάννυσθαι σφᾶς 
\ a 
ἐκώλυε καὶ TA σώματα τῶν φονευομένων ἄνω TPO 
lal / 3. ἐὖῷ Ψ / \ 
τῶν ταφρευμάτων ἐνέβαλλεν, ὅπως σφίσι TO 
ποτὸν δυσχεραίνηται. κἀντεῦθεν καὶ οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι 
[4 a e 
πρὸς παράταξιν ὥρμησαν. τοῦτο δὲ προγνοὺς ὁ 
> / , Ν 4 \ \ ” > / 
AvviBas λόχους μὲν ὑπὸ τοὺς ὄχθους ἐκάθισε, 
/ , 
τὴν δὲ λοιπὴν στρατιὰν συνέταξε, καί τινας 
ψευδαυτομολῆσαι ὅταν σημήνῃ ἐκέλευσε, τὰς μὲν 
> / \ \ / \ \ / a a 
ἀσπίδας καὶ τὰ δόρατα καὶ τὰ μείζω τῶν ξιφῶν 
> / Ν δ᾽ > [ὃ / / 
ἀπορρίψαντας, Ta δ᾽ ἐγχειρίδια κρύφα φέροντας, 
ἵνα δεξαμένων αὐτοὺς τῶν ἀντικαθεστηκότων ὡς 
ἀόπλους ἐπίθωνται αὐτοῖς ἀπροσδοκήτως. 
lal / / 
Οἱ δὲ δὴ Ῥωμαῖοι ἰδόντες πρωίθεν τοὺς περὶ 
\ >’ / / ς / / \ 
τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν παρατεταγμένους ὡπλίζοντό τε Kal 
\ / 
παρετάσσοντο. καὶ οἱ σαλπιγκταὶ ἀμφοτέρους 
a / 
ἐξώτρυναν, καὶ τὰ σημεῖα ἤρθη, Kal συμπεσόντες 
, / ΠῚ 
πολυτρόπως ἠγωνίσαντο. καὶ μέχρι τῆς μεσημ- 
/ > \ \ \ 
Bpias οὐδετέροις TO κράτος ἀπονενέμητο:" ἐπεὶ δὲ TO 


140 


BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 1. 


there in summer about noon ; and he contrived to have 
it behind his own back. The consuls, seeing at 
dawn that his stockade was empty of men, at first 
waited, suspecting an ambush, but later came by 
daylight to Cannae and encamped beside the river, 
each by himself; for since they were not congenial 
they avoided association together. Paulus remained 
quiet, but Terentius was anxious to force the issue ; 
when he saw, however, that the soldiers were rather 
listless, he had to give up the plan. But Hannibal, 
who was determined to goad them into battle even 
against their will, shut them off from their water 
supply, prevented their scattering in small parties, 
and threw the bodies of the slain into the stream 
higher up in front of their intrenchments, in order 
to disgust them with the drinking supply. Then 
the Romans, on their side, hastened to array them- 
selves for battle. Hannibal, anticipating this move- 
ment, had planted ambuscades at the foot of the 
hills but had the remainder of his army drawn up in 
line. He also ordered some men at a given signal 
to simulate desertion: they were to throw away 
their shields and spears and larger swords, but 
secretly to retain their daggers, so that after their 
antagonists had received them as unarmed men, 
they might attack them unexpectedly. 

The Romans, accordingly, after having had in view 
since early morning the troops arrayed with Hannibal, 
were now arming themselves and forming in battle 
line. The trumpets roused the men on both sides, 
the signals were raised, and then ensued the clash 
of battle and a many-sided contest. Until noon 
the advantage had not fallen to either army. Then 


141 


20 


9105 ROMAN HISTORY 


Ὅτι ἐν τῇ συμπλοκῇ τοῦ πολέμου οὐδ᾽ οἱ πάνυ 
θαρσοῦντες ἐλαφροτέραν τὴν ἐλπίδα τοῦ φόβου 
Ν \ 7 ϑ' A 3 > \ \ “ 
πρὸς τὸ ἄδηλον αὐτῆς εἶχον, ἀλλὰ καὶ ὅσῳ 
μᾶλλον ἡγοῦντο νικήσειν, τόσῳ μᾶλλον ἐδέδισαν } 


Zonaras 9, 1. 


πνεῦμα ἐπῆλθε, καὶ οἱ ψευδαυτόμολοι δεχθέντες 
ὡς ὅπλων γυμνοὶ ὄπισθεν τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἐγένοντο, 
ἵνα μὴ σφίσιν ἐπιτεθῶσι δῆθεν οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι, 
τότε καὶ οἱ λόχοι ἑκατέρωθεν ἐπανέστησαν, καὶ 
ὁ ᾿Αννίβας κατὰ πρόσωπον σὺν τοῖς ἱππεῦσι 
προσέμιξε, καὶ οἵ τε πολέμιοι. τοὺς Ρωμαίους 
πανταχόθεν ἐθορύβουν, καὶ ὁ ἄνεμος ὅ τε κονι- 
ορτὸς ἐς τὰς ὄψεις αὐτῶν βιαίως ἐμπίπτων ἐτά- 
ραττε, καὶ τὸ ἄσθμα γινόμενον συνεχὲς ἐκ τοῦ 
καμάτου ἀπέφραττεν, ὥστ᾽ ἀπεστερημένοι μὲν 
τῆς ὄψεως, ἀπεστερημένοι δὲ καὶ φωνῆς, φύρδην 
καὶ ἐν οὐδενὶ κόσμῳ ἐφθείροντο. καὶ τοσοῦτον 
ἔπεσε πλῆθος ὥστε τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν τῶν μὲν ἐκ τοῦ 
ὁμίλου μηδὲ πειραθῆναι ἐξευρεῖν ἀριθμόν, περὶ 
δὲ τῶν ἱππέων καὶ τῶν ἐκ τῆς βουλῆς ἀριθμὸν 
μὲν μὴ γράψαι τοῖς οἴκοι Καρχηδονίοις, διὰ δὲ 
τῶν δακτυλίων ἐνδείξασθαι τοῦτον' χοίνιξι γὰρ 
σφᾶς ἀπομετρήσας ἀπέστειλε. “μόνοι γὰρ οἱ βου- 
λευταὶ καὶ οἱ ἱππεῖς δακτυλίοις ἐκέχρηντο. συχνοὶ 


Tzetzes, Chil. 1, 771-74. 


Τέλος τοσοῦτο πέπτωκε πλῆθος ἀνδρῶν Ῥω- 
μαίων | ὡς τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν στρατηγὸν πέμψαι τῇ 
Σικελίᾳ | τοὺς δακτυλίους στρατηγῶν καὶ τῶν 
λοιπῶν ἐνδόξων | μεδίμνοις τε καὶ χοίνιξι πολλοῖς 
ἐμμετρηθέντας. 


142 1 ἐδέδισαν Bs., following St., ἐδεδίεσαν Ms. 


BOOK XV 


In the shock of the battle not even the boldest 
possessed a hope so buoyant as to rise above the fear 
inspired by its uncertainty, but the surer they felt of 
conquering the more did they fear that they might 


Zonaras 9, 1. 


the wind came up and the pretended deserters 
were received, apparently destitute of arms, and got 
in the Romans’ rear, in order, as they claimed, 
that the Carthaginians might not attack them. 
At this point the men rose from ambush on 
both sides, while Hannibal with his cavalry 
charged the Roman front; and not only did the 
enemy cause them confusion on every hand, but the 
wind and the dust blew violently into their faces, 
embarrassing them, and interfering with their 
breathing, which was already becoming laboured 
from their exertion, so that, deprived at once of 
sight and voice, they perished amid utter confusion, 
preserving no semblance of order. So great a 
multitude fell that Hannibal did not even try to 
fnd out the number of the common soldiers, and 
in regard to the number of the knights and members 
of the senate he did not write to the Carthaginians 
at home, but indicated it by the finger-rings, which 
he measured off by the quart and sent home; for 
only the senators and the knights wore finger-rings. 


; Tzetzes, Chil. 1, 771-74. 

At last so great a multitude of Romans fell that 
Hannibal, the general, filled many bushel and quart 
measures with the finger-rings of the generals 
and the other prominent men and sent them to 
Sicily. 

143 


28 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ “ an \ \ ᾽ a / > / 
μή πῃ σφαλῶσι: τοῖς μὲν γὰρ ayvoovat τι οὐδέν 
> \ >] an ᾿ / ¢ / \ \ 
ἐστι φοβερὸν ἐκ τῆς ἀπονοίας ὑπομένειν, TO δὲ 
ἐκ λογισμοῦ θαρσοῦν .. .---Μ. 161 (p. 196).? 
¢/ ¢ / / / / 
Ore ὁ Σκιπίων πυθόμενός τινας παρασκευά- 
an ς / / «ς / > lal 
ζεσθαι τῶν Ρωμαίων τήν Te Ῥώμην ἐγκαταλιπεῖν 
καὶ τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν ὅλην, ὡς τῶν Καρχηδονίων 
= / > / > \ / > \ / 
ἐσομένην, ἐπέσχεν αὐτοὺς ξιφήρης ἐς τὴν KaTa- 


Φ al 
Avow ἐν ἡ ἐκοινοχλογοῦντο ἐξαίφνης ἐσπηδήσας, 


Zonaras 9, 1-2. 
2 5 Ψ \ 4 / \ ς / e 
δ᾽ οὖν ὅμως καὶ τότε διέφυγον καὶ ὁ Τερέντιος" ὁ 
nr 7] Ὁ 5 / 
yap Παῦλος ἀπέθανεν. ὁ δ᾽ ᾿Αννίβας οὐκ ἐπε- 
δί 50 > εἶ «ς / 9 / / 
iwEev οὐδ᾽ εἰς τὴν Ῥώμην ἠπείχθη. δυνάμενος 
γὰρ ἢ παντὶ τῷ στρατεύματι ἢ καὶ μέρει τούτου 
4 / φ a 
πρὸς τὴν Ῥώμην παραυτίκα ὁρμῆσαι Kal ταχέως 
a / a “ 
διαπολεμῆσαι, οὐκ ἐποίησε τοῦτο, καίτοι τοῦ 
Μαάρβου συναινοῦντος τοῦτο ποιῆσαι. διὸ καὶ 
αἰτίαν ἔσχεν ὡς νικᾶν μὲν δυνάμενος, χρῆσθαι δὲ 
ταῖς νίκαις οὐκ ἐπιστάμενος. ἐπεὶ δὲ τότε ἐμέλ- 
δ τὴ δ᾽ 50 ? 7 θ ὃ \ Ny ut 
λησαν, οὐκέτι οὐδ᾽ αὖθις ἠπείχθησαν. διὸ καὶ ὁ 
᾿Αννίβας ὡς ἁμαρτὼν μετεμέλετο, συνεχῶς ἀνα- 
βοῶν “ὦ Κάνναι Kavvar.” 
a , 
2. Οἱ δὲ δὴ Ῥωμαῖοι παρὰ βραχὺ κινδυνεύ- 
σαντες ἀπολέσθαι ἀντεπεκράτησαν διὰ τοῦ δ κι- 
ς ῷ Lo / lal a 
πίωνος" ὃς υἱὸς μὲν ἣν Tov Ilovrdiou τοῦ ἐν τῇ 
Ἰβηρίᾳ, καὶ τὸν πατέρα ὅτε ἐτρώθη περιέσωσε, 
τότε δὲ στρατευόμενος εἰς τὸ Κανύσιον ἔφυγε, 
1 Cf. Preface to Vol. I., p. xix. 
144 


BOOK XV 


in some way meet with disaster. For those who 
are ignorant of a matter do not, in their blind folly, 
look for anything terrible, but the boldness derived 
from calculation .. . 

Scipio, on learning that some of the Romans 
were preparing to abandon Rome, and indeed all 
Italy, because they felt it was destined to belong 
to the Carthaginians, nevertheless found a way 
to restrain them. Sword in hand he sprang suddenly 
into the room where they were conferring, and after 


Zonaras 9, 1-2. 


Nevertheless a number made good their escape even 
as it was, among them Terentius; but Paulus was 
killed. Hannibal did not pursue, nor did he hasten 
to Rome. He might have set out at once for Rome 
with either his entire army or at least a portion of 
it, and quickly ended the war; yet he did not 
do so, although Maharbal urged him to this course. 
Hence the criticism was made of him that although 
able to win victories, he did not understand how to 
use them. And having delayed this time, they never 
again made haste. Therefore Hannibal himself 
used to regret it, feeling that he had committed a 
blunder, and was ever crying out: “QO Cannae, 
Cannae !”’ 

2. The Romans, who had been in such imminent 
danger of being destroyed, regained their supremacy 
through Scipio. He was a son of the Publius Scipio 
in Spain, and had saved the life of his father when 
the latter was wounded ; at present he was serving 
in the army and had fled to Canusium, and later he 


145 
VOL. 1H. L 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


καὶ αὐτός τε ὀμόσας πάντα τὰ προσήκοντα καὶ 
/ 5) / / e 

λόγῳ Kal ἔργῳ πράξειν, καὶ ἐκείνους ὁρκώσας 

A / 
ὡς παραχρῆμα ἀπολουμένους, ἂν μὴ τὰ πιστὰ 
a / e \ φᾷ 

αὐτῷ παράσχωνται. καὶ οἱ μὲν ἐκ τούτου συμφρο- 

νήσαντες πρὸς τὸν ὕπατον ἔγραψαν ὅτι σώζοιντο. 
> a δὲ > \ \ Ῥ id | oe 7 

ἐκεῖνος δὲ ἐς μὲν τὴν Ῥώμην οὔτ᾽ ἔγραψε 

παραχρῆμα οὔτ᾽ ἄγγελον ἀπέστειλεν, ἐς δὲ τὸ 

Κανύσιον ἐλθὼν τά τε ἐνταῦθα κατεστήσατο, 

καὶ τοῖς πλησιοχώροις φρουρὰς ὡς ἐκ τῶν πα- 

ρόντων ἔπεμψε, προσβάλλοντάς τε τῇ πόλει 

ἱππέας ἀπεκρούσατο. τό τε σύνολον οὔτ᾽ ἀθυ- 
7 LA / > ’ > 2 2 fol fal 

μήσας οὔτε καταπτήξας, ἀλλ᾽ ἀπ᾽ ὀρθῆς τῆς 

“ / a 

διανοίας, ὥσπερ μηδενός σφισι δεινοῦ συμβεβηκό- 

τος, πάντα τὰ πρόσφορα τοῖς παροῦσι καὶ 

ἐβούλευσε καὶ ἔπραξεν.---Υ. 33 (p. 598). 


Zonaras 9, 2. 

ἊΝ i ter > 7, 4“ ey g \ a 

καὶ ὕστερον εὐδοκίμησε. παρ᾽ ἑκόντων yap τῶν 
/ 4 \ , 

συμφυγόντων εἰς τὸ Κανύσιον τὴν ἡγεμονίαν 
λαβὼν τά τε ἐκεῖ κατεστήσατο καὶ τοῖς πλησιο- 

f δ 7 \ / fal > 4 
χώροις φρουρὰς ἔπεμψε Kal πάντα καλῶς ἐβού- 

/ » 
λευσέ τε καὶ ἔπραξεν. 
« ᾿ Ὁ aie / A -ε \ » > 
Οἱ δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ τὴν ἧτταν μὲν ἤκουσαν, ov 
/ > / 
μὴν καὶ ἐπίστευον. πιστεύσαντες δ᾽ ἐπένθουν 
\ / / 4 
Kal συνιόντες εἰς TO συνέδριον μή TL πράττοντες 
᾽ ’ > ξ , , 

ἀπηλλάττοντο. ὀψὲ δ᾽ οὖν ὁ Φάβιος γνώμην 
» ,ὔ ΄ \ a 
ἔδωκε κατασκόπους πέμψαι τοὺς ἀγγελοῦντας 
Ν x \ or δι / / > \ δὲ 
τὸ γεγονὸς καὶ τί ὁ ᾿Αννίβας πράττει, αὐτοὺς δὲ 

\ ,ὔ a \ , v7» > a \ 
μὴ κλαίειν, oryn δὲ βαδίζειν, ἵν᾽ ἐν καιρῷ τὰ 


146 


BOOK XV 


himself swearing to take proper measures both in 
word and deed he made them swear likewise, on pain 
of instant death if they failed to give him their 
pledge. So these men thereupon became harmonious 
and wrote to the consul that they were safe. Scipio, 
however, did not at once write or send a messenger 
to Rome; but going to Canusium, he set in order 
affairs at that place, sent to the regions near by such 
garrisons as circumstances permitted, and repulsed a 
cavalry attack upon the city. In fine, he displayed 
neither dejection nor terror, but with an unbroken 
spirit, as if no serious evil had befallen them, he both 
planned and carried out all measures suitable to the 
present situation. - 


Zonaras 9, 2. 
achieved renown. By common consent of the fugi- 
tives assembled at Canusium he assumed command, 
set affairs in order there, sent garrisons to the regions 
near by, and both planned and executed all measures 
well. 

The people of Rome heard of the defeat but 
would not believe it. When they did come to 
believe it, they were filled with sorrow, and met 
in the senate-house, but were ready to break up 
without accomplishing anything, when finally Fabius 
proposed that they send scouts to bring a report of 
what had happened and what Hannibal was doing. 
He urged that they themselves should not lament, 
but go about in silence, so that the necessary 


147 
E32 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 2. 
7, / 
προσήκοντα γίνοιτο, δύναμίν τε συλλέξαι ὅσην 
ἂν δύναιντο καὶ τοὺς περιοίκους ἐπικαλέσασθαι. 
μετὰ δὲ ταῦτα ὡς τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν ἐν τῇ ᾿Απουλίᾳ 
ὄντα ἔμαθον, καὶ γράμματα παρὰ τοῦ Τερεντίου 
ο 7 δ 
ἐδέξαντο ὅτι περιείη καὶ ὅσα πράττοι, μικρὸν 
> / 4 / \ / > ὦ 
ἀνεθάρσησαν. καὶ δικτάτωρ μὲν Μάρκος ᾿Ἰούνιος, 
“ δὲ Τ' / Ss 7 / 
ἵππαρχος δὲ Τιβέριος Σεμπρώνιος Ἰράκχος 
ἐλέχθησαν. καὶ παραχρῆμα τῶν τε πολιτῶν 
> \ ¢ an / b \ \ / 
ov τοὺς ἡβῶντας μόνον; ἀλλὰ καὶ παρηβηκότας 
ἤδη κατέλεξαν, καὶ δεσμώτας ἐπ᾽ ἀδείᾳ καὶ 
δούλους ἐπ᾽ ἐλευθερίᾳ λῃστάς τέ τινας προσελά- 
βοντο, καὶ τοὺς συμμάχους προσπαρεκάλουν, 
ἀναμιμνήσκοντες εἴ τί που εὐηργέτηντο καὶ 
προσυπισχνούμενοι δώσειν τοῖς μὲν σῖῦτον, τοῖς 
ο > / , 
δὲ ἀργύρια, ὅπερ οὔπω πρόσθεν ἐποίησαν" καὶ 
> X ¢ / / N / / 
és τὴν Ελλάδα πεπομφασιν ἢ πείσοντές τινας 
συμμαχῆσαι αὐτοῖς ἢ μισθωσόμενοι. 
᾿Αννίβας δὲ συνεστηκέναι τοὺς Ῥωμαίους καὶ 

παρασκευάζεσθαι μαθὼν ἐν ταῖς Κάνναις διέτρι- 
βε, τὴν ἐξ ἐπιδρομῆς ἅλωσιν ἀπεγνωκώς" καὶ τῶν 
αἰχμαλώτων τὸ μὲν “συμμαχικὸν ἄνευ λύτρων 
ἀφῆκεν, ὡς καὶ πρότερον, τοὺς δὲ “Ρωμαίους 
ἐτήρει, ἀποδόσθαι ἐλπίζων αὐτούς, ἵν᾽ ἑαυτὸν 
εὐπορώτερον ἐντεῦθεν ποιήσῃ, τοὺς δὲ Ῥωμαίους 
ἀπορωτέρους. ἐπεὶ δὲ μηδεὶς ἐξ αὐτῶν ἀφίκετο τοὺς 
αἰχμαλώτους ζητῶν, ἐκέλευσεν αὐτοῖς πέμψαι 
τινὰς οἴκαδε ἐπὶ λύτρα, προομόσαντας ἐπανήξειν. 
ς \ »Ὸ» WA 4 o > / \ 
ὡς δὲ οὐὸ οὕτω λύσασθαι σφᾶς ἠθέλησαν, τοὺς 
μὲν λόγου. τινὸς ἀξίους ἐς τὴν Καρχηδόνα ἀπέ- 
στειλε, τῶν δ᾽ ἄλλων τοὺς μὲν αἰκισάμενος 


148 


BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 2. 


measures might be taken in time, and that they should 
collect as large a force as they could and also call 
upon their neighbours for aid. After this, upon 
learning that Hannibal was in Apulia, and upon 
receiving a letter from Terentius stating that he was 
alive and what he was doing, they recovered a little 
of their courage. Marcus Junius was named dictator 
and Tiberius Sempronius Gracchus master of the 
horse. Immediately they enrolled not only those of 
the citizens who were in their prime but also those 
who were now past the military age; they added to 
their forces prisoners on promise of pardon, slaves on 
promise of freedom, and a few brigands; moreover, 
they called on their allies to help, reminding them 
of any kindness ever shown them, and promising 
in addition to give some of them grain, and others 
money—a thing they had never done before; they 
also sent emissaries to Greece to persuade or hire 
men to serve as their allies. 

Hannibal, learning that the Romans were showing 
a united front and were engaged in preparations, 
still delayed at Cannae, having given up all thought 
of capturing Rome by assault. Of the captives he 
released the allied contingent without ransom, as 
before, but the Romans he kept, hoping to dispose 
of them by sale, and thus increase his own re- 
sources while diminishing those of the Romans. But 
when no one came from Rome in quest: of the 
captives, he ordered them to send’ some of. their 
number home for ransom, after they had first taken 
an oath to return. When even then the Romans 
refused to ransom them, he sent those who were of 
any prominence to Carthage, and the rest he either 


149 


D1O’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 2. 


ἀπέκτεινε, τοὺς δὲ μονομαχῆσαι ἠνάγκασε, τοὺς 
φίλους καὶ τοὺς συγγενεῖς ἀλλήλοις συμβαλών. 
οἱ δὲ πεμφθέντες ἐπὶ τὰ λύτρα, ἐπανελθόντες ἵ ἵν᾽ 
εὐορκήσωσι, φυγόντες δὲ μετὰ τοῦτο, ἄτιμοι ὑπὸ 
τῶν τιμητῶν ἐγένοντο, καὶ ἑαυτοὺς κατεχρήσαντο. 

Μάγωνα δὲ τὸν ἀδελφὸν ὁ ᾿Αννίβας ἀγγε- 
λοῦντα τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις ἔπεμψε τὰ γενόμενα 
κα ὶ χρήματα Tap αὐτῶν καὶ δυνάμεις αἰτήσοντα. 
καὶ ο μὲν ἀπελθὼν τούς τε δακτυλίους ἠρίθμησε 
καὶ ἐπὶ μεῖζον ἐξῆρε δὴ τὸ κατόρθωμα: καὶ 
ἐψηφίσθη πάντα ὅσα ἡτήσατο, τῷ γὰρ Αννωνι 
τἀναντία λέγοντι καὶ καταλύσασθαι τὸν πόλεμον 
ἕως καθυπέρτεροι δοκοῦσι συμβουλεύοντι οὐκ 
ἐπείσθησαν, οὐ μέντοι τὰ ψηφισθέντα καὶ εἰς 
ἔργον ἤγαγον, ἀλλ᾽ ἐμέλλησαν. ᾿Αννίβας δ᾽ ἐν 
τούτῳ ἐς τὴν Καμπανίαν προυχώρησε, καὶ 
πόλισμά τι εἷλε Σαυνιτικόν, καὶ ἐπὶ Νέαν ὥρμησε 
πόλιν, προπέμψας μετὰ τῆς λείας ὀλίγους τινάς. 
πρὸς ods ὡς μόνους ὄντας τῶν τῆς πόλεως 
ἐκδραμόντων. ἐπεφάνη αὐτὸς ἀπροσδόκητος καὶ 
συχνοὺς ἀπέκτεινε, τὴν δὲ πόλιν οὐχ εἷλεν, οὔτ᾽ 
ἐπὶ πολὺ ταύτῃ προσήδρευσεν. οἱ “γὰρ τὴν 
Καπύην οἰκοῦντες «Καμπανοὶ οἱ μὲν τῇ “Ρωμαίων 
φιλίᾳ ἐνέμειναν, οἱ δὲ πρὸς τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν ἀπέ- 
κλιναν. ἐπεὶ δ᾽ ἐν ταῖς Κάνναις εὐτύχησε, 
καί τινες ἄνδρες αὐτῶν ἁλόντες ἀφείθησαν, τὸ 
μὲν πλῆθος ὥρμησε μεταστῆναι πρὸς τὸν ᾿Αννί- 
βαν, οἱ δὲ δυνατοὶ χρόνον μέν τινα ἐπέσχον, 
εἶτ᾽ ἐπ᾽ αὐτοὺς τὸ πλῆθος ὁρμῆσαν συνηγμένους 
ἐν τῷ βουλευτηρίῳ πάντας ἂν κατεχρήσατο, εἰ 
μή τις ἐκ τοῦ πλήθους τὸ μέγεθος συνιδὼν τοῦ 
150 


BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 2. 


tortured and put to death or forced to fight as 
gladiators, pitting friends and relatives against each 
other. Those who were sent for ransom returned 
in order to be true to their oaths, but later fled. 
Disfranchised then by the censors, they committed 
suicide. 

Hannibal sent his brother Mago to report the 
victory to the Carthaginians and to ask them for 
money and troops. So Mago on his arrival counted 
over the rings and even magnified the success: 
thus everything that he asked for was voted, and 
they would not listen to Hanno, who opposed this 
course and advised them to end the war while they 
seemed to have the upper hand. However, they 
did not put their vote into effect, but delayed. 
Hannibal meanwhile advanced into Campania, seized 
a Samnite fortress, and marched upon Neapolis. 
He sent before him a few soldiers with the booty, 
and when the people of the city, thinking them 
alone, rushed out upon them, he unexpectedly 
appeared in person and slew a large number; but he 
did not capture the city, nor did he lay siege to 
it long—for a reason now to be given. Of the 
Campanian inhabitants. of Capua a part clung to 
Roman friendship, while others favoured Hannibal. 
After his success at Cannae and when some of their 
men taken captive had been released, the populace 
was eager to revolt to Hannibal, but the leaders 
waited for a time. Finally, the crowd made a 
rush upon them as they were assembled in the 
senate-house, and would have made away with them 
all but for the action of some one of the crowd who 
saw how great a misfortune this would be. This 


151 


90 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


e / Ὁ 
Ὅτι τοὺς Νουκερίνους καθ᾽ ὁμολογίαν ὥστε 


Zonaras 9, 2. 
ἴω / \ “ lal 8 / 
κακοῦ κατηγόρησε μὲν τῶν βουλευτῶν ὡς πάντως 
φθαρῆναι ἀξίων, ἔφη δὲ πρότερον ἄλλους ἀντ᾽ 
> / bd / / \ \ / 
ἐκείνων ἀνθελέσθαι προσήκειν: THY γὰρ πόλιν 
μὴ δύνασθαι μὴ προβουλευόντων τινῶν σώξεσθαι. 
πεισθέντων δὲ τῶν ἐν τῇ Καπύῃ, ἐκβάλλων 
ῳ Ψ > a / > ’ \ a 
ἕνα ἕκαστον ἐκ τοῦ συνεδρίου ἠρώτα TO πλῆθος 
ὅντινα αὐτοῦ ἀνθαιρεῖται" καὶ οὕτω, μὴ δυνη- 
a / 
θέντων αὐτῶν ἑτέρους δι’ ὀλίγου ἀνθελέσθαι, 
A \ 
πάντας ἐκείνους ὡς ἀναγκαίους ἀφῆκε. καὶ 
καταλλαγέντες ἀλλήλοις ἐσπείσαντο τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ. 
A A ὃ \ / > \ > “ / 
καὶ ὃς διὰ ταχέων ἀπαναστὰς ἐκ τῆς Νεαπόλεως 
3 , - 
ἦλθεν eis τὴν Καπύην, καὶ διαλεχθεὶς αὐτοῖς 
» ΝΥ ἂν ? \ \ ς , 
ἄλλα TE πολλὰ εἶπεν ἐπαγωγὰ Kal THY ἡγεμονίαν 
/ a 3 / a) ς / ΔΕ Υ 3 / 
σφίσι τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας δώσειν ὑπέσχετο, iv’ ἐν ἐλπίσι 
γενόμενοι ὡς καὶ ἑαυτοῖς πονήσοντες προθυμότερον 
/ 
ἀγωνίσωνται. 
/ \ a / ΝΜ 
Μεταστάσης δὲ τῆς Καπύης καὶ ἡ ἄλλη 
Καμπανία κεκίνητο' καὶ οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι τὴν ἀπόστα - 
> an θό ” Θ [7 \ "A ,ὔ 
σιν αὐτῆς μαθόντες ἤχθοντο. ὅ γε μὴν ᾿Αννίβας 
> \ / > / ς Ν 4 
ἐπὶ Νουκερίνους ἐστράτευσεν. οἱ δὲ πολιορκού- 
\ , a , 7 a 
μενοι τὴν ἄχρηστον σφῶν ἡλικίαν ἀπορίᾳ τροφῶν 
> / ἃ α' 3 / > / > \ 
ἐξεώσαντο: ods ὁ ᾿Αννίβας οὐ προσήκατο, ἀλλὰ 
\ > \ / > fal / » / 
καὶ εἰς τὴν πόλιν ἀπιοῦσι μόνον ἀσφάλειαν 
152 


ee ee ». .. 


a | 


a 


BOOK XV 


Hannibal took possession of Nuceria under an 


Zonaras 9, 2. 


man denounced the senators as by all means de- 
serving to perish, but said that they ought first 
to choose others to fill their places; for the state 
could not endure without some men to concert 
measures for the rest. Having gained the assent 
of the Capuan people, he ejected each of the 
members in turn from the senate-house, asking the 
populace, as he did so, whom they chose in his 
place ; and thus, when they found themselves 
unable to choose others on short notice, he let all 
the senators go unharmed, because they appeared to 
be indispensable. Later the Capuans became recon- 
ciled with one another and made peace with Han- 
nibal. ‘This was the reason why he quickly retired 
from Neapolis and came to Capua. He held a 
conference with the people and made many attractive 
offers, among other things promising to give them 
the leadership in Italy ; for he wished to encourage 
them with the hope that they would be actually 
labouring in their own behalf, so that they might 
fight with greater zeal. 

Upon the revolt of Capua the rest of Campania also 
became restive, and the news of the town’s secession 
troubled the Romans. As for Hannibal, he set out 
on a campaign against Nuceria. Under stress of 
siege and owing to lack of food the inhabitants 
thrust out those of their number whose age rendered 
them unserviceable. Hannibal would not receive 
these, however, and gave them assurance of safety 
only in ease they should go back to the city. There- 


153 


91 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


, e NX Φ / « > A / > 
μεθ᾽ ἑνὸς ἱματίου ἕκαστον ἐκ τῆς πόλεως ἐκχω- 
a \ > / > \ b \ ’ A 
ρῆσαι λαβὼν ᾿Αννίβας, ἐπειδὴ ἐγκρατὴς αὐτῶν 
> / \ \ \ ’ a 
ἐγένετο, τοὺς μὲν βουλευτὰς ἐς βαλανεῖα κατα- 
/ “ “Ὁ 
κλείσας | ἀπέπνιξεν, τοῖς δὲ ἄλλοις ἀπελθεῖν 
a ty / 
δῆθεν ὅποι" βούλοιντο δούς, πολλοὺς Kal ἐκείνων 
> a ἃ a 9 / ’ / > A's / 
ἐν τῇ ὁδῷ ἐφόνευσεν. οὐ μέντοι αὐτῷ ἐχυσιτέλησε' 
/ \ \ ς \ \ \ “ / 
φοβηθέντες yap Kal οἱ λοιποὶ μὴ τὰ ὅμοια πά- 
θωσιν, οὐ συνέβαινον αὐτῷ, καὶ ἀντεῖχον ἐφ᾽ 
ὅσον ἐξήρκουν.---Ν. 34 (p. 598). 
7 a 
Ὅτι ὁ Μάρκελλος καὶ ἀνδρείᾳ καὶ σωφροσύνῃ 
a / a > / \ Ν \ 
τῇ τε δικαιοσύνῃ πολλῇ ἐχρήσατο, Tapa δὲ δὴ 
τῶν ἀρχομένων οὐ πάντα ἀκριβῶς οὐδὲ χαλεπῶς 
ἀπήτει, οὐδὲ ἐπιμέλειαν ὅπως καὶ ἐκεῖνοι τὰ 
δέοντα πράττωσιν ἐποιεῖτο, τοῖς τεῦ ἁμαρτά- 
a A \ , 
νουσί TL αὐτῶν συγγνώμην κατὰ τὸ ἀνθρώπινον 
\ a 3 
ἔνεμε, καὶ οὐκ ὠργίζετο“ εἰ μὴ ὅμοιοι αὐτῷ εἶεν. 
V. 35 (p. 601). 


Zonaras 9, 2. 

ἔδωκε. διὸ Kal of λοιποὶ μεθ᾽ ἑνὸς ἱματίου 
ἐκχωρῆσαι τοῦ ἄστεος ὡμολόγησαν. ἐπεὶ δ᾽ 
ἐγκρατὴς αὐτῶν ἐγένετο, τοὺς μὲν ᾿βουλευτὰς 
ἐς βαλανεῖα κατακλείσας ἀπέπνιξε, τοῖς δ᾽ ἄλλοις 
ἀπελθεῖν εἰπὼν ὅποι βούλοιντο, πολλοὺς ἐν τῇ 
ὁδῷ κἀκείνων ἐφόνευσε. συχνοὶ δ᾽ οὖν αὐτῶν 
καὶ περιεγένοντο εἰς ὕλας προκαταφυγόντες. ἐκ 
τούτου δὲ οἱ λοιποὶ φοβηθέντες οὐ συνέβαινον 
κατακλείσας Bs., ἀποκλείσας Ms. 


ὅποι Val., ὅπη Ms. 3 re Bs., δὲ Ms. 
ὠργίζετο Cary, ὠργίζετο ἔτι Ms. by dittography. 


me tT μὦ 


154 


ΒΟΟΚ Χν 


agreement that each man should leave the city 
with a single garment. As soon, however, as he had 
them in his power, he shut the senators into bath- 
houses and suffocated them; and even in the case of 
the others, although he had pretended to grant them 
permission to go away wherever they pleased, he cut 
down many of them on the road. This course, 
however, did not turn out to his advantage ; for the 
rest became afraid that they might suffer a similar 
fate, and so would not come to terms with him, but 
resisted as long as they could hold out. 

Marcellus was a man of great bravery, moderation, 
and justice. The demands he made on those under 
him were not all rigorous or harsh, nor was he 
careful to see that they too performed their duty. 
Those of them who committed any errors he par- 
doned, out of fellow-feeling, and was not angry if 
they failed to be like him. 


Zonaras 9, 2. 


fore the rest also agreed to leave the city with a 
single garment. As soon, however, as Hannibal 
was master of the situation, he shut the senators 
into bathhouses and suffocated them, and even 
in the case of the others, although he had told 
them to go away wherever they. pleased, he cut 
down many on the road; yet a number of them 
managed to escape by taking refuge in the woods. 
Thereupon the rest became afraid, and would no 
longer come to terms with him, but resisted while 


155 


32 


99 


34 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ a fal 

Ὅτι ἐν τῇ Νώλῃ πολλῶν τοὺς ἁλόντας τε ἐν 
ταῖς Κάνναις καὶ ἀφεθέντας ὑπὸ τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου 

\ , ΕΓ ς \ \ > / 
διὰ φόβου τε ἐχόντων ὡς Kal τὰ ἐκείνου φρο- 
νοῦντας καὶ θανατῶσαι βουλομένων, ἀντέστη. 
καὶ μετὰ τοῦτο τὴν ὑποψίαν ἣν ἐς αὐτοὺς εἶχεν 
ἀποκρυψάμενος, οὕτω σφᾶς μετεχειρίσατο ὥστε 
τά τε ἑαυτοῦ ἀνθελέσθαι" καὶ χρησιμωτάτους 

lal lal ς 

καὶ τῇ πατρίδι καὶ τοῖς Ρωμαίοις γενέσθαι.--- 
V. 36 (601). 

Ὅτι ὁ αὐτὸς Μάρκελλος τῶν ἱππέων τινὰ TOV 

a / 
Λευκανῶν αἰσθόμενος ἐν ἔρωτι γυναικὸς ὄντα, 
συνεχώρησεν αὐτῷ καὶ ἐν τῷ στρατοπέδῳ αὐτὴν 
ἔχειν, OTL κράτιστα ἐμάχετο, καίπερ ἀπαγορεύ- 
/ \ a 

σας μηδεμίαν ἐς TO τάφρευμα γυναῖκα ἐσιέναι. 
δ 37 Εἰ 

“ \ > \ >? / \ ’ \ M4 A 

Ore τὰ αὐτὰ ἐποίησε τοὺς ᾿Ακερανοὺς 5 τοῖς 

/ \ 3 Ὁ“ > tA \ 

Νουκερίνοις, πλὴν καθ᾽ ὅσον ἐς φρέατα τοὺς 
βουλευτὰς καὶ οὐκ ἐς βαλανεῖα ἐνέβαλεν.--- 
V. 38 (ὸ. 


Zonaras 9, 2. 
Μ > lal > > > a [τὰ ᾽ / \ ς 
ETL αὑτῷ, ἀλλ᾿ ἀντεῖχον ἕως ἠδύναντο. καὶ οἱ 
Νωλανοὶ βουλευόμενοι προσχωρῆσαι αὐτῷ, ἐπεὶ 
Ν > » / 3 / > / 4 
TO εἰς ἐκείνους εἶδον πραχθέν, ἐπηγάγοντο λάθρᾳ 
ἃς / \ \ ᾽ , 
τὸν Μάρκελλον, καὶ τὸν ᾿Αννέβαν προσβαλόντα 
τῇ πόλει μετὰ ταῦτα ἀπώσαντο. ἀποκρουσθεὶς 
δὲ τῆς -Νώλης ᾿Ακερανοὺς εἷλε λιμῷ ἐπὶ ταῖς 
A a \ 
αὐταῖς τοῖς Νουκερίνοις συνθήκαις, καὶ Ta αὐτὰ 


! ἀνθελέσθαι v. Herw., ἀνελέσθαι Ms. 
156 2 τοὺς ᾿Ακερανοὺς Bk., καὶ Ms. 


BOOK XV 


When many citizens of Nola stood in dread of the 
men captured at Cannae and later released by 
Hannibal, because they thought that such persons 
favoured the invader’s cause, and when they were 
even desirous of putting them to death, he [ Marcellus] 
opposed it. And thereafter he concealed the suspicion 
that he felt toward them, and treated them in such 
a way that they chose his side by preference, and 
became extremely useful both to their native land 
and to the Romans. 

The same Marcellus, when he perceived that one 
of the Lucanian cavalrymen was in love with a woman, 
permitted him to keep her in the camp, because he 
was a most excellent fighter ; and this was in spite 
of the fact that he had forbidden any woman to enter 
the entrenchments. 

He pursued the same course with the people of 
Acerrae as he had with those of Nuceria, except 
that he cast the senators into wells instead of bath- 
houses. 


Zonaras 9, 2. 


they were able. Now the people of Nola were 
planning to join his cause, but when they saw what 
had been done to their neighbours, they quietly let 
Marcellus in and later repulsed Hannibal when he 
assaulted their city. Repelled from Nola, he captured 
the people of Acerrae by starving them out. He 
made the same terms with them as with the people 
of Nuceria, and also accorded them the same treat- 


$7 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 
Zonaras 9, 2-3, 


εἰργάσατο Kal αὐτούς. εἶτα καὶ ἐπὶ Βασιλίνας 
ἐστράτευσεν, ἐν ᾧ Ῥωμαῖοί τε καὶ συμμά ων ὡσεὶ 
χίλιοι συγκατέφυγον. οἱ τοὺς μὲν ἐπιχωρίους προ- 
δοῦναι σφᾶς μελετήσαντας ἀπέκτειναν, καὶ τὸν 
᾿Αννίβαν πολλάκις ἀπώσαντο, καὶ πρὸς λιμὸν 
γενναίως διεκαρτέρησαν' ἐπιλιπούσης δὲ τῆς τρο- 
pis αὐτούς, ἐπ᾿ ἀσκοῦ τινα διὰ τοῦ ποταμοῦ πρὸς 
τὸν δικτάτορα ἔπεμψαν" ὁ δὲ πίθους ἀλεύρων πλή- 
pets νυκτὸς ἐνέβαλλεν εἰς τὸν ποταμόν, ἐντειλά- 
μενος αὐτοῖς παρατηρεῖν ἐν τῷ σκότει τὸ ῥεῦμα. 
καὶ χρόνον μέν τινα ἐλάνθανεν οὕτως τὰς τροφὰς 
αὐτοῖς χορηγῶν, ἔπειτα πίθου τινὸς προσραγέντος 
ποι καὶ συντριβέντος ἔγνων οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι τὸ 
γινόμενον, καὶ ἁλύσεσι τὸν ποταμὸν διειλήφασιν. 
ὡς δὲ τῷ λιμῷ καὶ τοῖς τραύμασι συχνοὶ διεφθά- 
ρησαν, τὸ ἕτερον τῆς πόλεως μέρος ἐξέλιπον 
κἀν τῷ λοιπῷ διεκαρτέρουν, τὴν γέφυραν διακό- 
ψαντες. εἶτα ὅπέρμα γογγυλίδος ἀ ἀπὸ τοῦ τείχους 
εἴς τί χωρίον ἔξωθεν αὐτοῦ κατέβαλον. ἐποίησαν 
€ τοῦτο ἵνα καταπλήξωσι τοὺς πολεμίους ὡς 
καὶ ἐπὶ πολὺ ἀνταρκέσοντες. ὅθεν ὁ ᾿Αννίβας 
ἄφθονον αὐτοὺς ἔχειν τὴν τροφὴν οἰηθεὶς καὶ 
ἐπὶ τῇ καρτερίᾳ θαυμάσας εἰς ὁμολογίαν προε- 
καλέσατο, καὶ χρημάτων ἀπέδοτο σφᾶς. ἐλύ- 
σαντο γὰρ αὐτοὺς οἱ ἔξω Ῥωμαῖοι ἀσμένως, ἀλλὰ 
μὴν καὶ ἐτίμησαν. 

3. Ἔν ᾧ δὲ ταῦτα ἐγένετο καὶ ἐκ Δελφῶν οἱ 
πεμφθέντες ἀνεκομίσθησαν, λέγοντες τὴν [Πυθίαν 
χρῆσαι αὐτοῖς παύσασθαι τῆς ῥᾳθυμίας καὶ τῷ 
πολέμῳ προσέχειν. ἐντεῦθεν ἀνερρώσθησαν. καὶ 


158 


BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 2-3. 


ment. After that he made an expedition against 
Basilinae,! where Romans and about a thousand of 
the allies had taken refuge. These put to death 
the native citizens, who had been planning to betray 
them, repulsed Hannibal several times, and held out 
nobly against hunger. When food was failing them, 
they sent a man by way of the river on an inflated 
skin to the dictator. The latter proceeded to put 
jars filled with meal into the river at night, after 
bidding them watch the stream in the darkness. 
For a while he thus supplied them with food without 
being discovered, but eventually a jar was dashed 
against some obstacle and shattered; then the 
Carthaginians became aware of what was going on 
and put chains across the river. After a number 
had perished of hunger and of their wounds, they 
abandoned one half of the city, cut down the 
bridge, and held out in the other half. They now 
threw turnip seed from the wall upon a spot outside, 
doing this in order to dishearten the enemy and 
yaake them believe that they were likely to endure 
for a long time. Hence Hannibal, thinking that 
they must have plenty of food, and astonished at 
their endurance, invited them to surrender, and re- 
leased them for money. For the Romans outside 
were glad to ransom them, and furthermore, they 
showed them honour. 

3. While these events were taking place the 
messengers returned from Delphi saying that the 
Pythia bade them cease from sloth and devote 
themselves to the war. This gave them new 


1 An error for Casilinum. 


159 


35 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Ὅτι ὁ Φάβιος τοὺς πολίτας τοὺς ' ἐν ταῖς πρὶν 
΄ / \ \ ΝΜ ᾽ P23 \ 
μάχαις ζωγρηθέντας τοὺς μὲν ἄνδρα ἀντ᾽ ἀνδρὸς 
ἐκομίσατο, τοὺς δὲ καὶ χρημάτων ἀπολύσασθαι 

/ \ ὃ ΄ 2 δὲ a na Ἀ 2) 3 / 
συνέθετο. μὴ δεξαμένης " δὲ τῆς βουλῆς τὸ ava- 
λωμα, OTL μηδὲ τὴν λύσιν αὐτῶν συνεπήνεσε, 
τά τε ἑαυτοῦ χωρία, ὥσπερ εἶπον, ἀπεκήρυξεν, 
καὶ ἐκ τῆς τιμῆς σφων τὰ λύτρα αὐτοῖς ἐχαρί- 
cato.—V. 39 (p. 601) 


Zonaras 9, 2-3. 
κατέλαβον τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν καί οἱ παρεστρατο- 
πεδεύσαντο, ὅπως τὰ πραττόμενα Tap αὐτοῦ 
παρατηρῶσι. καὶ ὅ ye ᾿Ιούνιος ὁ δικτάτωρ τὰ 
τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις παραγγελλόμενα καὶ τοὺς 
} @paious ποιεῖν ὁμοίως. ἐκέλευε. καὶ σῖτα καὶ 
ὕπνον ἐν τῷ αὐτῷ καιρῷ ἡροῦντο, καὶ τὰς φυ- 
λακὰς ὁμοίως ἐπεσκόπουν, καὶ τἄλλα ἐπ᾽ ἴσης 
ἔπραττον. καταμαθὼν οὖν τοῦτο ὁ ᾿Αννίβας 
χειμέριον ἐτήρησε νύκτα, καὶ τοῖς μὲν τῶν 
στρατιωτῶν ἐπέξοδον ἀφ᾽ ἑσπέρας ἀνεῖπε, τοῦ δὲ 


5 / x ae ἐδ / 2 an »” 
Ἰουνίου τὸ αὐτὸ ποιήσαντος, ἐκ διαδοχῆς ἄλλοτε 


ἄλλους αὐτῷ προσβάλλειν ἐκέλευσεν, ἵν ἐν 
συνεχεῖ πόνῳ ἐκ τῆς ἀγρυπνίας καὶ τοῦ χειμῶνος 
εἴησαν" αὐτὸς δὲ μετὰ τῶν λοιπῶν ἀνεπαύετο. 
ἐπεὶ δ᾽ ἡμέρα ἐπιλάμψειν ἔμελλε, τὸ στράτευμά 
τε δῆθεν ἀνεκαλέσατο καὶ τῶν Ῥωμαίων τὰ ὅπλα 
ἀποθεμένων καὶ πρὸς ἀνάπαυλαν τραπομένων 
ἐπῆλθεν αὐτοῖς ἄφνω καὶ συχνοὺς ἀπέκτεινε καὶ 
τὸ τάφρευμα ἐκλειφθὲν εἷλε. 

Τὰ δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Σικελίᾳ καὶ τῇ Σαρδοῖ ἐκινεῖτο, 


! rovs inserted by Bk. > δεξαμένης Val., δεξάμενος Ms. 
160 


ΒΟΟΚ Χν 


Fabius got back some of the men captured in 
former battles by exchanging man for man, and 
agreed to ransom the others for money. When, how- 
ever, the senate failed to confirm the expenditure, 
because it did not approve their ransom at all, he 
offered for sale his own farms, as I have said, and 
from the proceeds of them furnished the ransom for 
the men. 


Zonaras 9, 2-3. 
strength. They overtook Hannibal and encamped 
near him, so as to watch his movements. Junius, the 
dictator, ordered the Romans to do exactly as the 
Carthaginians were commanded to do. So they took 
their food and sleep at the same time, visited the 
sentries in the same manner, and were doing every- 
thing else in similar fashion. When Hannibal 
became aware of this, he waited for a stormy night 
and then gave notice to some of his soldiers of 
an attack to be made in the evening. Junius did 
the same thing. Thereupon Hannibal ordered 
different detachments to attack him in succession 
one after the other, in order that his opponents 
might be involved in constant hardship as a result of 
sleeplessness and the storm; but he himself rested 
together with the troops not in action. When day 
was about to break, he recalled the army, to all 
appearances, and the Romans put away their 
weapons and retired to rest; then all of a sudden 
he attacked them, with the result that he killed 
a number and captured the entrenchments, which 
were deserted. 
Conditions in Sicily and Sardinia grew unsettled, 
161 
VOL. 11. M 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 3. 
ov μέντοι Kal ἐπιστροφῆς Twos παρὰ τῶν Ῥω- 
μαίων ἔτυχον. ὕπατοι δὲ 6 τε Τράκχος ὁ ἵπ- 
παρχος καὶ Ἰ]οστούμιος ᾿Αλβῖᾶνος ἡρέθησαν. καὶ 
ὁ μὲν ᾿Αλβῖνος μετὰ παντὸς τοῦ στρατοῦ ὑπὸ 
τῶν Βοουίων ἐφθάρη, δι᾿ ὄρους ὑλώδους πορευό- 
μενος καὶ ἐνεδρευθείς" οὗ τὴν κεφαλὴν ἀποτε- 
μόντες οἱ βάρβαροι καὶ ἐκκαθάραντες καὶ περι- 
χρυσώσαντες πρὸς τὰ ἱερὰ αὐτῶν ἀντὶ φιάλης 
ἐκέχρηντο. γεγόνασι δὲ τότε τέρατα' βοῦς τε 
γὰρ ἵππον ἔτεκε καὶ ἐν θαλάσσῃ ἐξέλαμψε πῦρ. 
οἱ δ᾽ ὕπατοι Ῥράκχος καὶ Φάβιος στρατοπεδευ- 
σάμενοι τόν τε ᾿Αννίβαν ἐ ἐν Καπύῃ ὄ ὄντα ἐπετήρουν, 
ὅ τι πράσσει, καὶ “διεπέμποντο ἑκασταχόσε, τοῖς 
τε συμμάχοις ἐπήμυνον, καὶ τοὺς ἀφεστηκότας 
οἰκειοῦσθαι ἐπειρῶντο τά τε τῶν ἀνθισταμένων 
ἐκάκουν. ὁ δ᾽ ᾿Αννίβας ἕως μὲν τῆς τροφῆς 
ἐνδεῶς ηὐπόρει καὶ διακινδυνεύων, σωφρόνως 
μετὰ τοῦ στρατοῦ διῆγεν, ὡς δὲ τὴν Καπύην 
ἔλαβον καὶ πολλοῖς ἐπιτηδείοις ἐν ῥᾳστώνῃ 
διεχείμασαν, τήν τε ἰσχὺν τῶν σωμάτων μὴ 
πονούμενοι καὶ τὴν ῥώμην τῆς γνώμης ὑπὸ τῆς 
εὐθυμίας ἠλαττώθησαν, καὶ τὴν πάτριον ἀμεί- 
ψαντες δίαιταν μετέμαθον ἡττᾶσθαι. μαχόμενοι. 
ἐπεὶ δὲ ὁ πόλεμος ἤδη ἐπέκειτο, ἐς ὄρη μετέστη 


καὶ ἐγύμναζε τὸ στράτευμα. οἱ δ᾽ οὐχ οἷοί τε dv’ 


5) / ς a / / \ > a 
ὀλίγου ῥωσθῆναι γεγόνασι. βοηθείας δὲ αὐτῷ 
» » \ > / / > 

οἴκοθεν ἄλλης τε καὶ ἐλεφάντων ἐλθούσης ave- 


θ 7 ν᾿ Jesh \ N a e ς / Se N\ 
aponoe. καὶ ἐπὶ τὴν Νωλαν ὡς αἱρήσων αὑτὴν. 


ἢ τόν γε Μάρκελλον τὴν Σαυνίτιδα πορθοῦντα 
ταύτης ἀπάξων ὥρμησεν. ὡς δ᾽ οὐδὲν ἐπέραινε, 
162 


BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 3. 


but did not receive any consideration at the hands 
of the Romans. The consuls chosen were Gracchus, 
previously master of the horse, and Postumius 
Albinus. Now Albinus was ambushed and destroyed 
with his entire army by the Boii as he was traversing 
a wooded mountain. The barbarians cut off his 
head, scooped out the interior, and after gilding it 
used it for a bowl in their sacred rites. Portents 
also occurred at this time: a cow gave birth to 
a. horse and fire shone out at sea. The consuls 
Gracchus and Fabius encamped and kept watch of 
Hannibal who was at Capua, to see what he 
did. They also sent out envoys in every direction, 
defended the allies, endeavoured to win back the 
revolted, and ravaged the possessions of those 
who opposed them. Hannibal, as long as his food 
supply was scanty and was obtained at the cost 
of encountering dangers, led a temperate life, as 
did his army; but after taking Capua and winter- 
ing there in idleness with ample provisions, they 
deteriorated in physical strength, as a result of no 
longer toiling, and in moral vigour, through pleasure, 
and in changing their ancestral habits they learned 
an accomplishment that was new to them—to be 
defeated in battle. When the business of war 
finally became pressing, Hannibal transferred his 
quarters to the mountains and went to exercising 
the army; but they could not grow strong in a 
short space of time. He was encouraged, however, 
by the arrival of elephants and other reinforce- 
ments from home. He now set out against Nola, 
intending to capture it or at least to draw Marcellus 
away from Samnium, which he was ravaging. When 


163 
M 2 


BO. 215 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 3. 

τῆς μὲν πόλεως ἀπέστη, τὴν δὲ χώραν ἔκειρε, 
μέχρις οὗ μάχη κατὰ τὸ ἰσχυρὸν ἡττήθη, ἐφ᾽ ᾧ 
καὶ ἤλγησε. πολλοὶ μὲν γὰρ Ἴβηρες, πολλοὶ δὲ 
καὶ τῶν Λιβύων ἐγκατέλιπον αὐτὸν Kal πρὸς τοὺς 
Ῥωμαίους ηὐτομόλησαν, ὃ οὔπω πρῴην ἔπαθε. 
καταγνοὺς δ᾽ ἐκ τούτου καὶ ἑαυτοῦ καὶ τῶν 
στρατιωτῶν, πᾶσαν τὴν γῆν ἐκείνην ἐξέλιπε καὶ 
ἐς τὴν Καπύην ἀνεχώρησεν: εἶτα κἀκεῖθεν 
μετέστη. 

Oi δὲ Σκιπίωνες τόν τε Ἴβηρα ποταμὸν διέ- 
βησαν, καὶ τὴν χώραν ἐπόρθουν καὶ. πόλεις 
προσήγοντο, καὶ τὸν ᾿Ασδρούβαν διὰ ταῦτα 
σπουδῇ ἐπελθόντα μάχῃ ἐνίκησαν. οἱ Καρχη- 
δόνιοι δὲ ταῦτα μαθόντες, καὶ νομίσαντες πλείονος 
τὸν ᾿Ασδρούβαν ἢ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν δεῖσθαι βοηθείας, 
καὶ φοβηθέντες μὴ καὶ ἐς τὴν Λιβύην οἱ Σκιπί- 
wves διαβῆναι ἐπιχειρήσωσι, τῷ μὲν ᾿Αννίβᾳ 
βραχεῖαν δύναμιν ἔπεμψαν, τὴν πλείστην δὲ 
μετὰ τοῦ Μάγωνος εἰς τὴν Ἰβηρίαν τάχιστα 
ἀπεστάλκασι, κελεύσαντες μετὰ τὴν τῆς ᾿Ιβηρίας 
κατάστασιν τὸν μὲν ἐπὶ τῇ τῶν ἐκεῖ φυλακῇ 
καταμεῖναι, τὸν δὲ ᾿Ασδρούβαν ἐπὶ τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν 
σὺν δυνάμει σταλῆναι. ὃ γνόντες οἱ Σκιπίωνες 
οὐκέτ᾽ ἐμαχέσαντο, ἵνα μὴ κρατήσας ἴσως ὁ 
᾿Ασδρούβας εἰς τὴν Ἰταλίαν ἐπειχθῆ. ὡς δὲ τὸ 
τῶν Ῥωμαίων φίλιον ἐκάκουν οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι, 
Πούπλιος “μὲν ὁμόσε τοῖς προσπεσοῦσιν αὐτῷ 
τῶν ἐναντίων ἐχώρησέ τε καὶ ἐπεκράτησε, Ῥναῖος 
δὲ τοὺς ἀποχωροῦντας σφῶν ἐκ τῆς μάχης ὑπο- 
λαβὼν προσδιέφθειρεν. ἐκ δὲ τῆς συμφορᾶς 
ταύτης, καὶ ὅτι καὶ πόλεις συχναὶ πρὸς τοὺς 


164 


Oe eee = 


{ous 


BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 3. 


he could accomplish nothing, he withdrew from the 
city, but laid waste the country, until he suffered a 
decisive defeat in battle. At this he was indeed 
grieved, since many Spaniards and even many of 
the Africans now forsook him and deserted to the 
Romans—a new experience for him. Disgusted, 
therefore, both with himself and with his soldiers, 
he abandoned that entire region and retired to 
Capua. Afterward he left that place also. 

The Scipios had crossed the river Iberus and were 
ravaging the country; they had secured control of 
various cities, and when Hasdrubal for this reason 
hastened to oppose them, they had conquered him 
in battle. The Carthaginians, upon learning of this, 
thought that Hasdrubal needed more assistance 
than Hannibal did, and fearing that the Scipios 
might also attempt to cross into Africa, they des- 
patched only a small body of troops to Hannibal, 
but sent the larger part with Mago to Spain 
with the utmost speed ; and they ordered the latter 
after the reduction of Spain to remain to guard 
their interests there, whereas Hasdrubal was to 
be sent with a force against Italy. The Scipios, 
learning their plan, no longer gave battle, for fear 
that Hasdrubal might perchance win a victory 
and then hasten into Italy. However, as the 
Carthaginians went on ravaging the region that 
was friendly to the Romans, Publius engaged in a 
struggle with such of his opponents as met him 
and won a victory, while Gnaeus intercepted those 
of the enemy who were retiring from the battle and 
completed their destruction. As a result of this 
disaster, and because numerous cities were trans- 


165 


DIO’'S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 3-4. 

Ῥωμαίους μεθίσταντο καὶ τῶν Λιβύων τινὲς 
αὐτοῖς προσεχώρησαν, πλέον ἢ διενοεῖτο ὁ ᾿Ασ- 
δρούβας κατέμεινεν. οἱ δὲ Σκιπίωνες εἰς τὴν 
᾿Ιταλίαν εὐθὺς τοὺς προσχωρήσαντας ἔστειλαν, 
αὐτοὶ δὲ τὰ ἐν τῇ Ἰβηρίᾳ καθίστων, καὶ τοὺς 
τῶν Ζακυνθίων ὑπηκόους τοὺς καὶ τοῦ πολέμου 
καὶ τῆς συμφορᾶς αἰτίους αὐτοῖς γενομένους 
ἑλόντες, τό τε πόλισμα κατέσκαψαν καὶ τοὺς 
ἀνθρώπους ἐπώλησαν, καὶ τὴν Ζάκυνθον μετὰ 
τοῦτο κομισάμενοι τοῖς ἀρχαίοις πολίταις ἀπέ- 
δοσαν. τοσαύτῃ τε ἀκριβείᾳ περὶ τὴν λείαν 
ἐχρήσαντο ὡς μηδὲν οἴκοι πέμψαι: τοῖς “μὲν γὰρ 
συστρατευομένοις ἐπέτρεπον τοῦτο ποιεῖν, αὐτοὶ 
δὲ ἀστραγάλους τοῖς τέκνοις ἔπεμψαν. ὅθεν ἡ 
γερουσία, παραιτουμένου τοῦ Ρναίου ἵν᾽ ἀπελθὼν 
οἴκαδε προῖκα τῇ θυγατρὶ ἐρανίσῃ ὡραίᾳ οὔσῃ 
ἀνδρός, ἐψηφίσαντο ἐκ τοῦ δημοσίου προῖκα 
δοθῆναι αὐτῇ. 

4. "Ev δὲ τῷ αὐτῷ καιρῷ καὶ ἡ Σικελία καὶ ἡ 
Σαρδὼ ἄντικρυς ἐπολεμώθησαν. καὶ τὰ μὲν ἐν 
ταύταις δι᾿ ὀλίγου κατέστη, καὶ ὁ ᾿Ασδρούβας 
ἐπικουρῶν αὐταῖς ἑάλω, καὶ τὴν νῆσον μικροῦ 
πᾶσαν ἀνεκτήσατο, Μάλλιος 1 _Topxovatos. Kal 
τότε μὲν τὰ ἐν τῇ Σικελίᾳ ἡσύχασε, μετὰ δὲ 
ταῦτα ἐταράχθη. ὁ δὲ τῆς Μακεδονίας βασιλεὺς 
Φίλιππος φανερώτατος τῶν Καρχηδονίων ἐγέ- 
VETO σπουδαστής. τῆς γὰρ “Ἑλλάδος προσεπάρξαι 
θέλων, συνθήκας πρὸς TOV ᾿Αννίβαν ἔθετο, ὥστε 
κοινῇ πολεμῆσαι, καὶ τὴν μὲν Ἰταλίαν τοὺς 
Καρχηδονίους, λαβεῖν, τὴν δ᾽ Ἑλλάδα καὶ τὴν 
Ἤπειοον μετὰ τῶν νήσων ἐκεῖνον. ἡ μὲν οὖν 
166 1 Μάλλιος Pinder, Μάλιος Mss. 


BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 3-4. 
ferring their allegiance to the Romans, and some of 
the Africans had also gone over to their side, Has- 
drubal remained there longer than he was intending. 
The Scipios sent their accessions at once to Italy, 
and they themselves continued to settle affairs in 
Spain. They captured the subjects of the Saguntines 
who had brought upon them the fatal war, and they 
razed the town and sold the population. After 
this they took possession of Saguntum and restored 
it to its original inhabitants. They were so scru- 
pulous in regard to the plunder that they sent 
nothing home ; to be sure, they allowed their soldiers 
to do so, but as for themselves, they sent only 
some jackstones to their children. Hence the senate, 
when Gnaeus asked for a furlough, in order that he 
might go home and secure a dowry for his daughter, 
who was of marriageable age, voted that a dowry be 
given her from the public funds. 

4, During this same period both Sicily and Sar- 
dinia became openly hostile. But the disturbance in 
these regions soon subsided. Hasdrubal, who was 
aiding them, was captured, and Manlius Torquatus 
recovered almost the entire island. For the time 
being affairs in Sicily were quiet, but later there was 
trouble. Philip, the king of Macedonia, showed 
himself a most open partisan of the Carthaginians. 
In his desire to add Greece to his possessions 
he came to an agreement with Hannibal that they 
should conduct the war in common, and_ that 
the Carthaginians should receive Italy, while he 
should have Greece and Epirus together with the 


167 


105 ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 4, 

ὁμολογία ἐπὶ τούτοις ἐγένετο, τοῦ δὲ κήρυκος τοῦ 
ὑπὸ τοῦ Φιλίππου πεμφθέντος πρὸς τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν 
ἁλόντος ἔμαθον οἱ “Ρωμαῖοι, τὸ γινόμενον, καὶ παρα- 
χρῆμα στρατηγὸν ἐπ᾽ αὐτὸν Μάρκον Οὐαλλέριον 
Λαουίνιον ἔστειλαν, ὅπως περὶ τοῖς οἴκοι δείσας 
κατὰ χώραν μείνῃ. καὶ ἔσχεν. οὕτως" προῆλθε 
μὲν γὰρ μέχρι τῆς Κερκύρας ὁ Φίλιππος ὡς ἐς 
τὴν Ἰταλίαν πλευσούμενος, μαθὼν δὲ τὸν Λαουί- 
νίον ἐς τὸ Βρεντέσιον ἤδη παρόντα, οἴκαδε ἀνε- 
κομίσθη. τοῦ “Λαουινίου δὲ μέχρι τῆς Κερκύρας 
πλεύσαντος, εἰς τοὺς τῶν Ρωμαίων συμμάχους 
ὥρμησε, καὶ εἷλεν Ὥρικον, ᾿Απολλωνίαν T ἐπο- 
λιόρκει. ἐπιστρατεύσας δ᾽ αὖθις αὐτῷ Λαουίνιος 
καὶ ᾿Ὥρικον ἀνεκτήσατο καὶ τὴν ᾿Απολλωνίαν 
ἐρρύσατο. κἀντεῦθεν ὁ Φίλιππος τὰς ναῦς αἷς 
ἐκέχρητο καταπρήσας, πεζῇ € ἐπ᾽ οἴκου ἀνεχώρησεν. 

Οἱ δ᾽ ἐ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ ὑπάτους εἵλοντο τὸν Φάβιον 
καὶ τὸν Μάρκελλον. οἱ τὸν μὲν ᾿Αννίβαν τὴν νῦν 
Καλαβρίαν καλουμένην καὶ τὰ περὶ αὐτὴν περι- 
πορευόμενον τῷ Τράκχῳ τῷ πρὸ αὐτῶν ἄρξαντι 
ἐπέταξαν: καὶ ὃς Αννωνα περὶ Βενεβεντὸν ἀπαν- 
τήσαντά οἱ ἐκ Βρεττίων ἐτρέψατο, κἀντεῦθεν 
προϊὼν τόν τε ᾿Αννίβαν παρεφύλαττε καὶ τὰ τῶν 
ἀφεστηκότων ἐπόρθει, πόλεις τέ τινας ἀνεσώσατο" 
αὐτοὶ δὲ οἱ ὕπατοι πρὸς τὴν Καμπανίαν ἐτρά- 
ποντο, ἵν᾽ αὐτὴν χειρωσάμενοι. μηδὲν κατόπιν 
πολέμιον ὑπολίπωσιν, οὕτω τε ἐπὶ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν 
χωρήσωσιν. εἶτα διαιρεθέντες, Φάβιος μὲν τά 
τε ἐκείνων τά τε τοῦ Σαυνίου κατέτρεχε, Μά - 
κελλος δὲ εἰς τὴν Σικελίαν ἐπεραιώθη καὶ τᾶς 
Συρακούσας ἐπολιόρκει, προσχωρησάσας μὲν 
168 


BOOK XV 


« 


Zonaras 9, 4. 


islands. The agreement was made on this basis ; but 
through the capture of the herald who had been 
sent to Hannibal by Philip, the Romans learned 
what was taking place, and forthwith sent the prae- 
tor Marcus Valerius Laevinus! against him. They 
intended to cause him anxiety about his own pos- 
sessions, so that he should stay at home. And thus 
it turned out. Philip advanced as far as Corcyra 
with the intention of sailing to Italy, but on learn- 
ing that Laevinus was already at Brundisium, he 
returned home. When Laevinus had sailed as far 
as Corcyra, Philip set out against the Roman allies ; 
he captured Oricum and proceeded to besiege Apol- 
lonia. But Laevinus once more made an expedition 
against him, recovered Oricum, and rescued Apol- 
lonia. Then Philip, after burning the ships which 
he had used, returned home by land. 

The people of Rome chose Fabius and Marcellus 
consuls. Hannibal was then moving about in what 
is now called Calabria and the adjacent regions, and 
they assigned the care of him to Gracchus, who had 
held office before them. Gracchus routed Hanno, 
who had come from Bruttium and confronted him near 
Beneventum, and then going on, he watched Hanni- 
bal closely, ravaged the possessions of those who had 
revolted, and won back some cities. The consuls 
themselves turned their attention to Campania, for 
they were anxious to subdue it and so leave no 
hostile force behind them when they marched 
against Hannibal. They then divided forces : Fabius 
overran the districts of Campania and Samnium, 
while Marcellus crossed into Sicily and proceeded 
to besiege Syracuse. The city had submitted to 


* Zonaras always spells this name Lavinius; cf. 8,3. 1 69 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 4. 

fal - / lal a 
αὐτῷ, εἶτ᾽ ἀποστάσας δόλῳ τινῶν ὑπὸ ψευδοῦς 
᾽ / \ , , x o's 08 ᾽ ΄ 
ἀγγελίας. καὶ δι’ ἐλαχίστου ἂν αὐτὰς ἐχειρώ- 
σατο, καὶ κατὰ γῆν καὶ κατὰ θάλασσαν ἅμα προσ- 

\ a / ’ \ © F / a 
βαλὼν τῷ τείχει, εἰ μὴ ὁ ᾿Αρχιμήδης μηχαναῖς 

“ / al 
ἐπὶ πλεῖστον αὐτοὺς ἐποίησεν ἀντισχεῖν. καὶ 
\ c lal 

λίθους yap Kal ὁπλίτας μηχανήμασιν ἀπαρτῶν 

/ > 7 » \ \ » / 2 / 
καθίει τε ἐξαπιναίως αὐτοὺς καὶ ἀνέσπα Ov ὀλί- 
γου. ταῖς τε ναυσὶ καὶ ταῖς πυργοφόροις ἑτέρας 

a / \ 
ἐπιρρίπτων ἀνεῖλκέ τε αὐτὰς Kal μετεωρίζων 
» , > / “ 2 / ) \ e/ 
ἀθρόως ἠφίει, ὥστε ἐμπιπτούσας εἰς TO ὕδωρ 
.ς / \ 7 / \ 
ῥύμῃ βαπτίξεσθαι. Kal τέλος σύμπαν TO ναυ- 
a «ς / 
τικὸν TOV Ῥωμαίων παραδόξως κατέπρησε. KATO- 
/ 

TTpov γάρ τι πρὸς τὸν ἥλιον ἀνατείνας τήν TE 


Tzetzes, Chil. 2, 109-23. 

Kai τοῦ Μαρκέλλου στρατηγοῦ ποτε δὲ τῶν 
“Ῥωμαίων | τῇ Συρακούσῃ κατὰ γῆν προσβάλ- 
λοντος καὶ πόντον, | τινὰς μὲν πρῶτον μηχαναῖς 
ἀνείλκυσεν ὁλκάδας | καὶ πρὸς τὸ Συρακούσιον 
τεῖχος μετεωρίσας | αὐτάνδρους πάλιν τῷ βυθῷ 
κατέπεμπεν “ἀθρόως, | Μαρκέλλου δ᾽ ἀποστή- 
σαντος μικρόν τι τὰς ὁλκάδας | ὁ γέρων πάλιν 
ἅπαντας ποιεῖ Συρακουσίους Ἶ μετεωρίξειν δύ- 
νασθαι “λίθους ἁμαξιαίους Ι καὶ τὸν καθένα πέμ- 
ποντᾶς 1 βυθίξειν τὰς ὁλκάδας. | ὡς Μάρκελλος δ᾽ 
ἀπέστησε βολὴν ἐκείνας τόξου, | ἑξάγωνόν τι 
κάτοπτρον ἐτέκτηνεν ὁ γέρων, Ι ἀπὸ δὲ διαστή- 
ματος συμμέτρου τοῦ κατόπτρου Ι μικρὰ τοιαῦτα 
κάτοπτρα θεὶς τετραπλᾷ γωνίαις | κινούμενα 
λεπίσι τε καί τισι γιγγλυμίοις, | μέσον ἐκεῖνο 
170 1 πέμποντας Cary, πέμποντα Ms. 


ee ee ee ee eee ae a a ee 


BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 4. 
him, but then had revolted again as the result of a 
false message sent by the treachery of certain men. 
Now he would have subdued it very speedily, as the 
result of a joint assault upon the wall by land and 
sea, had not Archimedes with his inventions enabled 
the inhabitants to resist for a very long time. For 
this man by his devices suspended stones and heavy- 
armed soldiers in the air, and these he would let 
down suddenly, and presently draw them up again. 
And he would lift up ships, even those equipped 
with towers, by means of other appliances which he 
dropped upon them; and raising them aloft, would 
let them drop suddenly, so that when they fell 
into the water they were sunk by the impact. At 
last in an incredible manner he burned up the 
whole Roman fleet. For by tilting a kind of 


Tzetzes, Chil. 2, 109-23. 


And when once Marcellus, the Roman general, 
was assaulting Syracuse by land and sea, this man 
first by his engines drew up some merchantmen, and 
lifting them up against the wall of Syracuse dropped 
them again and sent them every one to the bottom, 
crews and all. Again, when Marcellus removed ais 
ships to a little distance, the old man gave all the 
Syracusans the power to lift stones of a waggon’s 
size, and hurling them one at a time, to sink the 
ships. When Marcellus withdrew them a bow-shot 
thence, the old man constructed a kind of hexagonal 
mirror, and at an interval proportionate to the size 
of the mirror, he set similar small mirrors with four 


edges, moving by links and by a kind of hinge, and 
171 


46? 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Δίων ἐν ιε΄ βιβλίῳ “ μὴ οἱ Συρακούσιοι vew- 

/ / \ / > / »” 
τερίσωσί τι, τὴν βοήθειαν artroyvovTes. —Bekk. 
Anecd.''p, 119, 97, 


Zonaras 9, 4. 

ἀκτῖνα αὐτοῦ ἐς αὐτὸ εἰσεδέξατο Kal τὸν ἀέρα 
ἀπ᾿ αὐτῆς τῇ πυκνότητι καὶ τῇ λειότητι τοῦ 
κατόπτρου πυρώσας φλόγα τε μεγάλην ἐξέκαυσε 
καὶ πᾶσαν αὐτὴν ἐς τὰς ναῦς ὑπὸ τὴν τοῦ πυρὸς 
ὁδὸν ὁρμούσας ἐνέβαλε καὶ πάσας κατέκαυσεν. 

᾿Απογνοὺς οὖν ὁ Μάρκελλος τὴν πόλιν αἱρή- 
σειν διὰ τὸ τοῦ ᾿Αρχιμήδους εὐμήχανον, λιμῷ 
αὐτοὺς , κατασχεῖν ἐκ προσεδρείας ιεμελέτησε. 
καὶ ταύτας μὲν τῷ Πούλχρῳ ἐπέτρεψεν, αὐτὸς δ᾽ 
ἐπὶ τοὺς συναποστάντας σφίσιν ἐτράπετο" καὶ 
τοῖς μὲν γνωσιμαχοῦσι συγγνώμην ἔνεμε, τοὺς δ᾽ 
ἀνθισταμένους μετεχειρίξετο χαλεπῶς, καὶ συ- 
νὰς μὲν τῶν πόλεων βίᾳ, τ τινὰς δὲ καὶ προδοσίᾳ 
ἥρει. ἐν τούτοις δ᾽ Ἱμίλκων ἐκ Καρχηδόνος σὺν 
στρατῷ ἧκε, τὸν ᾿Ακράγαντά τε κατέσχε καὶ τὴν 
Ἡράκλειαν, καὶ πρὸς Συρακούσας ἐλθὼν ἡττήθη 
τε καὶ ἀντεπεκράτησε, καὶ τοῦ Μαρκέλλου 
ἐξαπίνης αὐτῷ προσπεσόντος αὖθις ἐνικήθη. 


Tzetzes, Chil. 2, 123-28. 

/ > / fal δ. A a \ 
τέθεικεν ἀκτίνων τῶν ἡλίου | μεσημβρινῆς καὶ 
θερινῆς καὶ χειμεριωτάτης. | ἀνακλωμένων δὲ 
λοιπὸν εἰς τοῦτο τῶν ἀκτίνων | ἔξαψις ἤρθη 
φοβερὰ πυρώδης ταῖς ὁλκάσι, | καὶ ταύτας 
ἀπετέφρωσεν ἐκ μήκους τοξοβόλου. | οὕτω νικᾷ 
τὸν Μάρκελλον ταῖς μηχαναῖς ὁ γέρων. 


172 


BOOK XV 


Dio, Book XV. “For fear the Syracusans, in 
despair of assistance, might commit some act of 
rebellion.” 


Zonaras 9, 4. 


mirror toward the sun he concentrated the sun’s 
beam upon it; and owing to the thickness and 
smoothness of the mirror he ignited the air from 
this beam and kindled a great flame, the whole of 
which he directed upon the ships that lay at anchor 
in the path of the fire, until he consumed them all. 
Marcellus, therefore, despairing of capturing the 
city on account of the inventiveness of Archimedes, 
planned to take it by famine after a regular in- 
vestment. This duty he assigned to Pulcher, while he 
himself turned his attention to those who had revolted 
at the same time as Syracuse. Any who yielded 
were granted pardon, but those who resisted he 
treated harshly; and he captured a number of the 
cities by force, and some also by betrayal. In the 
meantime Himilco: had come from Carthage with an 
army, had occupied Agrigentum and Heraclea, and had 
reached Syracuse. There he was at first defeated, 
then was in turn victorious, and finally was again 
beaten by a sudden assault on the part of Marcellus. 


Tzetzes, Chil. 2, 123-28. 

made the glass the centre of the sun’s beams—its 
noontide beam, whether in summer or in the dead 
of winter. So after that, when the beams were 
reflected into this, a terrible kindling of flame arose 
upon the ships, and he reduced them to ashes a 
bow-shot off. Thus by his contrivances did the old 
man vanquish Marcellus. 


173 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 5. 

5. ᾿Εντεῦθεν ὁ Μάρκελλος ταῖς Συρακούσαις 
ἐφήδρευεν. ὁ δ᾽ ᾿Αννίβας ἐν τῇ Καλαβρίᾳ διέ- 
τριβεν. οἱ μέντοι Ῥωμαῖοι πολλὰ αὖθις καὶ 
δυσχερῆ πεπόνθασιν" οἵ τε γὰρ ὕπατοι πρὸς τῇ 
Καπύῃ ἔπταισαν, καὶ ὁ I paxxos ἐν τῇ Λευκανίᾳ 
ἀπώλετο, καὶ οἱ Ταραντῖνοι καὶ ἄλλαι πόλεις 
ἀπέστησαν, καὶ ὁ ᾿Αννίβας κατεπτηχὼς πρότερον 
ἐν TH Ἰταλίᾳ τε ἔμεινε καὶ ἐπὶ τὴν Ρώμην ἐστρά- 
τευσε, καὶ οἱ Σκιπίωνες ἄμφω διώλοντο. ἐπαρθεὶς 
οὖν ἐπὶ τούτοις ὁ ᾿Αννίβας ἐπεχείρησε τῇ Καπύῃ 
βοηθῆσαι. καὶ ἦλθε μέχρι Βενεβεντοῦ: τὸν δὲ 
Κλαύδιον εἰς τὴν Λευκανίαν ἐκ τοῦ Σαυνίου διὰ 
τὸν τοῦ Γράκχου θάνατον ἀπεληλυθέναι πυθόμενος, 
καὶ φοβηθεὶς μή τινα αὐτῆς σφετερίσηται, οὐκέτι 
περαιτέρω προεχώρησεν, ἐπ᾽ ἐκεῖνον δ᾽ ἐτράπετο. 
τῶν Σκιπιώνων δὲ θανόντων πᾶσα ἡ Ἰβηρία 
τετάρακτο, καὶ οἱ μὲν ἑκουσίως πρὸς τοὺς Καρχη- 
δονίους ἀπέκλινον, οἱ δὲ καὶ ἀναγκαζόμενοι, εἰ καὶ 
ὕστερον αὖθις πρὸς τοὺς Ῥωμαίους ἀπένευσαν. 

Ὁ δὲ Μάρκελλος ἐπεὶ μηδὲν προσβάλλων ταῖς 
Συρακούσαις ἐπέραινε, τοιοῦτόν τι ἐπενόησεν. 
ἣν τι τοῖς Συρακουσίοις τοῦ τείχους ἐπίμαχον 
ὃ ᾿᾿αλεάγραν ὠνόμαζον, ὃ πρὶν μὲν ἐλάνθανε 
τοιοῦτον ὄν, τότε δὲ ἐφωράθη. τηρήσας οὖν τοὺς 
Συρακουσίους παννυχίδα τῇ ᾿Αρτέμιδι ἄγοντας 
πανδημεί, ἐκέλευσε στρατιώταις τισὶ κατ᾽ ἐκεῖνο 
τὸ χωρίον ὑπερβῆναι τὸ τεῖχος. κἀκ τούτου 
πύλαι τέ τίνες ὑπ᾽ αὐτῶν ἀνεῴχθησαν, καὶ εἰσεὰ- 
θόντων καὶ ἑτέρων, ἅμα πάντες ἀπὸ σημείου καὶ 
οἱ ἔσω καὶ οἱ ἔξω συνεβόησαν καὶ τοῖς δόρασι τὰς 
ἀσπίδας συνέκρουσαν καὶ οἱ σαλπιγκταὶ προσε- 
πήχησαν, ὥστε ἀθρόαν τὴν ἔκπληξιν τοῖς Συρα- 


174 


» GRD ee 


i Mie ἃ. 


BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 5. 


5. After this Marcellus continued the investment ..c. 212 
of Syracuse. Hannibal was passing his time in 
Calabria. The Romans, however, again met with 
many reverses. The consuls received asetback near 
Capua, Gracchus perished in Lucania, Tarentum and 
other cities revolted, Hannibal, previously cowed, 
remained in Italy and marched upon Rome, and both 
the Scipios perished. lated by these events, 
Hannibal undertook to render assistance to Capua. 
He went as far as Beneventum; then, ascertaining 
that Claudius had returned from Samnium_ into 
Lucania on account of the death of Gracchus, he 
became afraid that the Romans might secure con- 
trol of parts of that region, and he advanced no 
farther, but turned to meet Claudius. Upon the 
death of the Scipios the whole of Spain was 
thrown into disorder; some towns voluntarily went 
over to the Carthaginians, and others under compul- 
sion, though later they again leaned- to the Roman 
side. 

Marcellus, finding that he was accomplishing 
nothing by his assault on Syracuse, devised the 
following plan. There was a weak spot in the 
Syracusans’ wall which they called Galeagra; it had 
never before been recognized as such, but the fact 
was discovered at this time. He waited until the 
whole city of Syracuse was celebrating an all-night 
festival to Artemis, and then bade some soldiers 
scale the wall at that point. Accordingly some of 
the gates were opened by these men, and as soon as 
a few others had entered, all, both inside and outside, 
at a given signal, raised a shout and struck their 
spears upon their shields, and the trumpeters blew a 
blast, with the result that utter panic overwhelmed 


175 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 5 


κουσίοις μηδ᾽ ἄλλως εὖ ἔχουσιν ὑπὸ μέθης συμ- 
βῆναι, καὶ τὴν πόλιν ἁλῶναι πλὴν τῆς "Aypa- 
δίνης καὶ τῆς Νήσου καλουμένης. ὁ οὖν Μάρ- 
κελλος τά τε ἑαλωκότα διήρπασε, καὶ τοῖς μὴ 
ἁλοῦσι προσέβαλε, καὶ σὺν πόνῳ μὲν καὶ χρόνῳ, 
ὅμως δ᾽ οὖν καὶ τῶν λοιπῶν τῆς Συρακούσης 
ἐκράτησεν. ἐγκρατεῖς δὲ τούτων οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι 
γενόμενοι ἄλλους τε πολλοὺς καὶ τὸν ᾿Αρχιμήδην 
ἀπέκτειναν. διάγραμμα γάρ TL διαγράφων καὶ 
ἀκούσας τοὺς πολεμίους ἐφίστασθαι, " ‘rap κε- 
φαλάν," ἔ ἔφη, | “καὶ μὴ παρὰ γραμμάν:. ἐπι- 
στάντος δὲ αὐτῷ πολεμίου βραχύ τε ἐφρόντισε καὶ 
εἰπών “ἀπόστηθι, ἄνθρωπε, ἀπὸ τῆς γραμμῆς," 
παρώξυνέ τε αὐτὸν καὶ κατεκόπη. 


Tzetzes, Chil. 2, 136-49. 


Ἦν κεκυφὼς διάγραμμα μηχανικὸν τι γράφων ᾿ : 
τὶς δὲ Ρωμαῖος ἐπιστὰς εἷλκεν αἰχμαλωτίξζων. | 
δὲ τοῦ διαγράμματος ὅλος ὑπάρχων τότε, | Tis ὁ 
καθέλκων οὐκ εἰδὼς ἔλεγε πρὸς ἐκεῖνον" | ‘ ᾿ἀπό- 
στηθι, ὦ ἄνθρωπε, τοῦ διαγράμματός μου. "| ὡς 
δ᾽ εἷλκε τοῦτον, συστραφεὶς καὶ γνοὺς “Ῥωμαῖον 
εἶναι, | ἐβόα: " “τὶ μηχάνημά τις τῶν ἐμῶν μοι 
δότω." | ὁ δὲ Ῥωμαῖος πτοηθεὶς εὐθὺς ἐκεῖνον 
κτείνει, | ἄνδρα σαθρὸν καὶ γέροντα, δαιμόνιον 
τοῖς ἔργοις. | ἐθρήνησε δὲ Μάρκελλος τοῦτο μα- 
θὼν εὐθέως, | λαμπρῶς τε τοῦτον ἔκρυψεν ἐν τά- 
φοις τοῖς πατρῴοις | σὺν τοῖς ἀρίστοις πολιτῶν 
καὶ τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις πᾶσι, | τὸν δὲ φονέα τοῦ ἀν- 
δρὸς οἶμαι πελέκει κτείνει. | ὁ Δίων καὶ Διόδωρος 
γράφει τὴν ἱστορίαν. 
176 


BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 5. 


the Syracusans, who were in any case somewhat the 
worse for drink, and the city was captured with the 
exception of Achradina and what is called ‘“ The 
Island.” Marcellus plundered the captured portions 
and assaulted those not yet taken, and with time 
and labour he finally succeeded in conquering the 
remainder of Syracuse. The Romans, when they 
became masters of these districts, killed many persons, 
among them Archimedes. He was constructing some 
figure or other, and hearing that the enemy were at 
hand, exclaimed: “ Let them come at my head, but 
not at my line!”” When a hostile warrior confronted 
him, he was little disturbed and called out: “ Fellow, 
stand away from my line!”’ This exasperated the 
man and he struck him down. 


Tzetzes, Chil. 2, 136-49. 


He was bent over, drawing some mechanical 
figure, and a Roman, coming upon him, began to 
drag him off as his prisoner; but he, with all his 
attention fixed just then upon his figure, not know- 
ing who it was that pulled him, said to the man: 
“Stand aside, fellow, from my figure.” But as the 
other kept on pulling, he turned, and recognizing 
him as a Roman cried out: “ Let somebody give me 
one of my machines.” The Roman, in terror, imme- 
diately killed him, a decrepit old man, but marvellous 
for his works. Marcellus straightway mourned on 
learning this, and buried him with splendour in his 
ancestral tomb, assisted by the noblest citizens and 
all the Romans ; and the man’s murderer, I trow, he 
slew with an axe. Dio and Diodorus record the 
story. 


177 
VOL. It. N 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 5-6. 

Ὁ μὲν οὖν Μάρκελλος τὰς Συρακούσας ἑλὼν 
καὶ τῆς ἄλλης Σικελίας τὰ πλείω _ Mporaryaryo- 
μενος Kal ἐπηνεῖτο μεγάλως καὶ ὕπατος ἀπο- 
δέδεικτο. “προεβάλοντο μὲν γὰρ τὸν Τορκουάτον, 
ὅς ποτε τὸν υἱὸν ἀπέκτεινεν" ἐπεὶ δ᾽ ἐκεῖνος ἀπη- 
νήνατο, εἰπὼν ὡς “ οὔτ᾽ ἂν ἐγὼ τὰ ὑμέτερα 
ἁμαρτήματα οὔτ᾽ ἂν ὑμεῖς τὴν ἐμὴν ἀκρίβειαν 
ἐνέγκοιτε," τὸν Μάρκελλον καὶ Λαουίνιον τὸν 
Οὐαλλέριον ἐ ἐχειροτονῆσαν. 

6. ᾿Απελθόντος δὲ τοῦ Μαρκέλλου ἐ ἐκ Σικελίας, 
δύναμιν ἱππέων ἐς αὐτὴν ὁ ᾿Αννίβας ἀπέστειλε, 
καὶ ἑτέραν οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι ἔπεμψαν" καὶ μάχαις 
τισὶν ἐνίκησαν καὶ πόλεις προσεποιήσαντο" καὶ 
εἴ γε μὴ Κορνήλιος Δολοβέλλας στρατηγὸς 
ἐπελήλυθε, πᾶσαν τὴν Σικελίαν ἐ ἐχειρώσαντο ἄν. 

Καὶ ἡ Καπύη δὲ τότε ἑάλω παρὰ Ῥωμαίων, 
καίτοι τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου ἐς τὴν Ῥώμην ὁρμήσαντος, 
ἵν ἀπὸ τῆς Καπύης τοὺς πολιορκοῦντας αὐτὴν 
ἀπάξῃ, καὶ διὰ τῶν Λατίνων ἐλάσαντος καὶ πρὸς 
τὸν Τίβεριν ἐλθόντος καὶ πορθοῦντος τὰ πρὸ 
τοῦ ἄστεος. οἱ γὰρ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ ἐφοβήθησαν 
μέν, ἐψηφίσαντο δὲ τὸν ἕτερον τῶν ὑπάτων ἐν 
Καπύη μεῖναι, τὸν δ᾽ ἕτερον αὐτοῖς ἐπαμῦναι. καὶ 
Κλαύδιος μὲν ἐν τῇ Καπύῃ κατέμεινεν (ἐτέτρωτο 
γάρ), Φλάκκος δὲ πρὸς τὴν Ῥώμην ἠπείχθη. 

Τοῦ δ᾽ ᾿Αννίβου Tas TE καταδρομὰς ἐν τοῖς 
ὀφθαλμοῖς αὐτῶν ἀεὶ ποιουμένου καὶ πολλὰ δεινὰ 
δρῶντος, τὸν μὲν ἄλλον χρόνον ἠγάπων, εἰ τά γε 
ἐντὸς τῶν τειχῶν περισώσαιντο, ἐπεὶ δὲ καὶ τῇ 
πόλει καὶ τοῖς στρατοπέδοις ἅμα προσβαλεῖν 
ἔμελλεν, ἀνερρίψαντο, τὸ τοῦ λόγου, κύβον, καὶ 


178 


BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 5-6. 

Marcellus, as a result of capturing Syracuse and 8.6. 211 
winning over most of the remainder of Sicily, received 
high praise, and was also appointed consul. The 
Romans had nominated Torquatus, who once had 
put his son to death, but he declined with the remark, 
“T could not endure your blunders, nor you my 
punctiliousness ” ; whereupon they elected Marcellus 
and Valerius Laevinus. 

6. After Marcellus had left Sicily, Hannibal sent a 
force of cavalry there, and the Carthaginians 
despatched another. They won several battles and 
acquired some cities; and if the praetor Cornelius 
Dolabella had not come against them, they would 
have subjugated all Sicily. 

Capua was at this time taken by the Romans. It 
availed not that Hannibal marched upon Rome 
in order to draw away from Capua the forces besieg- 
ing it, that he traversed Latium, came to the 
Tiber, and was laying waste the suburbs of the city. 
The people of Rome were indeed frightened, but 
still they voted that one of the consuls! should 
remain at Capua while the other came to their 
defence. So Claudius remained at Capua, since 
he had been wounded, and Flaccus hastened to 
Rome. 

Hannibal kept making his raids before their eyes 
and working much havoc, but for some time they were 
content to preserve their possessions within the walls. 
When, however, he was on the point of assaulting 
both the city and their armies at the same time, 
they risked the proverbial cast of the die and made 


1 Apparently an error of Zonaras for proconsuls. 


N 2 


179 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


; Zonaras 9, 6. 
ἐπεξέδραμον. Kal ἀκροβολιζομένων ἤδη χειμὼν 
ἐξ αἰθρίας ἐξαίσιος ἐπεγένετο μετὰ πνεύματος 
ἀμηχάνου βροντῶν τε καὶ χαλάζης καὶ ἀστρα- 
πῶν, ὥστ᾽ ἄμφω ἀγαπητῶς ὡς ἐκ συνθήματος 
ἀναχωρεῖν ὅθεν ὥρμησαν. ἄρτι τε τὰ ὅπλα 
κατετίθεντο καὶ αἰθρία ἐγένετο. ὁ γοῦν ᾿Αν- 
νίβας, καίτοι οὐκ ἀθεεὶ λογισάμενος. παρὰ 
τὸν τῆς συνόδου “καιρὸν συνενεχθῆναι. τὰ γεγο- 
νότα, ὅμως οὐκ ἀπέστη τῆς πολιορκίας, ἀλλὰ 
καὶ αὖθις μετὰ τοῦτο “συμβαλεῖν ἐπεχείρησεν. 
ὡς δὲ καὶ τότε τὰ αὐτὰ συνέβη, κατέδεισε. καὶ 
προσεκπλαγεὶς ὅτι ἐν τηλικούτῳ κινδύνῳ ὄντες 
οὔτε τῆς Καπύης ἀπέστησαν καὶ ἐς τὴν ᾿Ιβηρίαν 
καὶ στρατιώτας καὶ στρατηγὸν πέμψειν ἔμελλον, 
καὶ ὅτι χρημάτων. δεηθέντες ἐπώλησαν ἄλλα τε 
καὶ τὸ χωρίον ἐν ᾧ ἐστρατοπεδεύετο δημόσιον ὄ af 
Kal ἀπογνούς, ἀπανέστη πολλάκις ἀναβοήσας “" 
Κάνναι Κάνναι. καὶ οὐδὲ τῇ Καπύῃ ἔτ᾽ ai. 
κουρῆσαι ἠθέλησεν. 

Οἱ δὲ καίπερ ἐν ἀσθενεστάτοις ὄντες, ὅμως 
ἀπογνόντες ὡς οὐ τευξόμενοι συγγνώμης παρὰ 
“Ῥωμαίων, ἀντεῖχον, καὶ τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ ἐπέστειλαν, 
βοηθήσειν αὐτοῖς ἀξιοῦντες. συλληφθέντες δὲ 
οἱ τῶν ἐπιστολῶν κομισταὶ παρὰ τοῦ Φλάκκου, 
ὁ γὰρ Κλαύδιος ἔφθη τεθνηκὼς ἐ ἐκ τοῦ τραύματος, 
τὰς χεῖρας ἀπετμήθησαν. ods ἰδόντες οἱ Καμπανοὶ 
δεινῶς κατεπλάγησαν καὶ ὅ τι πράξουσιν ἐβου- 
λεύοντο. “λεχθέντων δὲ πολλῶν, ᾿Ἰούβιός τις 
Οὐΐριος ἐν τοῖς ᾿ πρώτοις αὐτῶν ὼν καὶ τῆς 
ἀποστάσεως αἰτιώτατος “μία ἡμῖν ἐστιν," ἔφη, 


180 


BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 6, 

a sortie. They were already engaged in skirmishing 
when an extraordinary storm, accompanied by an 
inconceivably strong wind as well as thunder, hail, 
and lightning, broke from a clear sky, so that both 
sides were glad enough to retire, as if by mutual 
consent, to their original positions. They were just 
laying aside their arms when the sky became clear. 
Now although Hannibal concluded that this event, 
coming as it did precisely at the moment of conflict, 
had not occurred without divine ordering, yet he did 
not give up the siege, and even attempted again on 
a subsequent occasion to join battle. But when the 
same things occurred then also, he became terrified. 
He was amazed, moreover, that the Romans, although 
in so great danger, not only did not withdraw from 
Capua, but were even getting ready to send soldiers 
and a praetor into Spain, and that, being in need of 
funds, they sold along with other public lands the 
very spot where he was encamped. Accordingly, 
he retired in despair, often crying aloud, “O Cannae, 
Cannae!” And he no longer cared even to render 
aid to Capua. 

The people of that city, although in the direst 
straits, still held out, since they despaired of obtain- 
ing pardon from the Romans ; and they sent a letter 
to Hannibal begging him to assist them. The 
bearers of the letter were seized by Flaccus (Claudius 
had before this time died of his wound), and had their 
hands cut off. Upon seeing them, the Campanians 
were terribly dismayed and took counsel as to what 
they should do. After considerable talk a certain 
Jubius! Virius, one of the foremost men and one 
most responsible for the revolt, exclaimed: “Our only 


1 An error for Vibius. 
ISI 


46" 


DIO’S, ROMAN HISTORY 


Δίων ἐν ‘Popaixadr ιε΄ “ ἔκ τε yap τῆς ἀπὸ τοῦ 
πάνυ ἀρχαίου ἀξιώσεως καὶ ἐκ τῆς παλαιᾶς πρὸς 
\ δ 7 ,ὔ > 3 / 
τοὺς Ῥωμαίους φιλίας οὐκ ἤνεγκαν δικαιωθέντες 
ἀλλ᾽ ἐπεχείρησαν καὶ οἱ Καμπανοὶ τοῦ Φλάκκου 
καὶ οἱ Συρακόσιοι τοῦ Μαρκέλλου κατηγορῆσαι. 

L ἐδ 0 bug ὃ δρί Suid 
καὶ édixarwOnoav! ἐν τῷ cuvedpiw.—Suidas 5.0. 
ἐδικαιώθησαν, Lex. Seguer. ed. Bachm. Anecd. Gr. 1. 
206, Cram. Anecd. Par. 4. 168, καὶ οὐκ ἤνεγκαν --- 
συνεδρίῳ Etym. Magn. p. 316, 9 Gaisf. 


Zonaras 9, 6. 

“καταφυγὴ καὶ ἐλευθερία ὁ θάνατος. καί μοι 
ἀκολουθήσατε οἴκαδε: ἔχω γάρ τι φάρμακον 
παρεσκευασμένον." καὶ ὁ μὲν παραλαβὼν τοὺς 
αὐτῷ πεισθέντας ἑκούσιος ἀπέθανε σὺν αὐτοῖς, καὶ 
« ᾿ \ οἱ / a ς Fg » / ¢ \ 
οἱ λοιποὶ τὰς πύλας τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις ἀνέῳξαν' ὃ δὲ 
Φλάκκος τά τε ὅπλα αὐτῶν καὶ τὰ χρήματα πάντα 
ἀφείλετο, καὶ τῶν ἀνδρῶν. τῶν κορυφαίων τοὺς μὲν 
ἀπέκτεινε, τοὺς δὲ ἐ ἐς τὴν “Ῥώμην ἔπεμψε, μόνων δ᾽ 
ἀπέσχετο τῶν ἐκ τοῦ ὁμίλου περιλειφθέντων, ἐ ἐπὶ 
τῷ καὶ ἄρχοντα αὐτοὺς Ῥωμαῖον λαμβάνειν καὶ 

μήτε βουλὴν ἔχειν μήτε σύνοδον ποιεῖσθαι. 
Ὕστερον δὲ καὶ ἄλλα τινὰ προσεπῶφλον, 
κατηγορῆσαι τοῦ Φλάκκου τολμήσαντες. ἐπε- 
χείρησαν δὲ καὶ οἱ Καμπανοὶ coe Φλάκκου 
κατηγορῆσαι, καὶ τοῦ Μαρκέλλου. οἱ Συρακούσιοι 
ὑπατεύοντος ἤδη. καὶ ἀπελογήσατο' οὐ γὰρ 
ἠθέλησε πρᾶξαί τι τῶν “τῇ ἀρχῇ προσηκόντων 
πρὶν ἀπολογήσασθαι. οἱ Συρακούσιοι δὲ κατα- 


1 καὶ ἐδικαιώθησαν based on Suid. cod. A (κατεδικαιώθϑησαν), 
κατεδικάσθησαν Suid. cod. B, καὶ κατεδικάσθησαν Suid. cod. KH, 
καὶ ἐδικάσθησαν Ktym. M., Lex. Seguer., Cram. cod. 


182 


BOOK XV 


Dio, Roman History, XV. “For in‘ view of 
their very ancient prestige and their long-stand- 
ing friendship for the Romans, they would not 
submit to their condemnation, but the Campanians 
undertook to accuse Flaccus and the Syracusans 
Marcellus. And the accusers were condemned in- 


the senate. 


Zonaras 9, 6. 

refuge and freedom is in death. Accompany me 
home. I have a poison made ready.” So he took 
with him those who were willing to accept his 
advice, and with them voluntarily sought death. The 
rest opened the gates to the Romans.  Flaccus 
took away all their arms and money, put to death 
some of the chief men, and sent others to Rome. 
The only ones that he left unmolested were the 
survivors of the common people, and he spared them 
only on condition that they receive a Roman 
governor, maintain no senate, and hold no assembly. 

Later they incurred further penalties by daring to 
accuse Flaccus. The Campanians undertook to 
accuse Flaccus, and the Syracusans Marcellus, when 
the latter was already consul. And Marcellus made 
a defence; for he refused to perform any of the duties 
of his office until he had defended himself. The 
Syracusans, when given a hearing, presented their case 


183 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 6. 


7 > / ’ / a / 
στάντες εἰς λόγους οἰκονομικώτερον TH διαλέξει 
᾽ὔ la 
ἐχρήσαντο, οὐκ εἰς κατηγορίαν τοῦ Μαρκέλλου, 
ἀλλ᾽ εἰς ἱκετείαν τραπέντες καὶ ἀπολογίαν τοῦ 
a / 
μὴ ἑκόντες ἀποστῆναι Ῥωμαίων, καὶ συγγνώμης 
ra a a \ 
τυχεῖν ἀξιοῦντες. Kal ταῦτα δΔέγοντες εἰς τὴν 
A / 
γῆν πεσόντες ὠλοφύροντο. Kal διαγνώμης γενο- 
/ ES \ Ma \ δὲ Ἰὃ a 
μένης ἔδοξε τὸν Μάρκελλον μὲν μηδὲν ἀδικεῖν, 
* 
τοὺς μέντοι Συρακουσίους φιλανθρωπίας τινὸς 
» «7 3 > > a 3 / > πο a 
ἀξίους εἶναι, οὐκ ἐξ ὧν ἐποίησαν, ἀλλ᾿ ἐξ ὧν 
5 / \ e / “ Ν i 
εἶπόν τε Kal ἱκέτευσαν. τοῦ δὲ Μαρκέλλου 
παραιτησαμένου τὸ ἀπελθεῖν εἰς Σικελίαν, τὸν 
Λαουίνιον ἔπεμψαν. καὶ οἱ μὲν Συρακούσιοι 
οὕτω συγγνώμης τινὸς ἔτυχον, οἱ δὲ Καμπανοὶ 
ὑπ᾽ ἀπαιδευσίας θρασύτερον τῇ κατηγορίᾳ χρη- 
σάμενοι καὶ ἐπετιμήθησαν, μηδὲ παρόντος τοῦ 
Φλάκκου, ἀλλά τινος τῶν ὑπεστρατηγηκότων 
αὐτῷ ἀπολογησαμένου. 
᾿Αλούσης δὲ τῆς Καπύης καὶ τἄλλα τὰ πέριξ 
πολίσματα τοῖς Ρωμαίοις προσκεχωρήκασι πλὴν 
᾿Ατελανῶν: οὗτοι γὰρ ἐκλιπόντες τὴν πόλιν 
αὐτῶν πανδημεὶ πρὸς τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν ἐχώρησαν. 
\ e Ψ X 2 / ς Ν lal / 
καὶ ἡ ἄλλη δὲ ᾿Ιταλία ἡ τὰ TOV Καρχηδονίων 
φρονοῦσα ἠλλοιοῦτο, καὶ περιιόντες οἱ ὕπατοι 
προσεποιοῦντο αὐτήν. Ταραντῖνοι δὲ φανερῶς 
μὲν οὐδέπω τὰ τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἡροῦντο, λάθρᾳ δὲ 
- / » 
τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις ἤχθοντο. 


pg ράφι αν. 9 hee ᾿ς 


BOOK XV 


Zonaras 9, 6. 


tactfully : they devoted themselves not to accusing 
Marcellus, but to supplication and defence, declaring 
that they had not of their own free will revolted from 
the Romans, and asking for pardon. While making this 
plea they fell upon the ground and bewailed their lot. 
When a decision was rendered, it was to the effect that 
Marcellus was not guilty, but that the Syracusans, 
nevertheless, were deserving of some leniency, not for 
their deeds, but for their pleas and entreaties. But 
Marcellus asked to be excused from returning to 
Sicily, and they sent Laevinus. The Syracusans in 
this way obtained some consideration ; but the Cam- 
panians, being led by stupidity to deliver their accu- 
sation with too much audacity, actually had their 
punishment increased. And yet Flaccus was not 
present, but one of his ex-lieutenants conducted his 
defence for him. 

After the capture of Capua the other strongholds 
in the vicinity went over to the Romans, with the 
exception of Atella. The inhabitants of this place 
abandoned their city and went in a body to Hannibal. 
Also the rest of Italy that had favoured the Cartha- 
ginian cause was changing sentiment, and the 
consuls in their tours of the country were taking 
possession of it. The Tarentines did not as yet 
openly avow their allegiance to the Romans, but 
secretly they were getting tired of the Cartha- 
ginians, 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XVI 


57, 36 Ὅτι of Ῥωμαῖοι διεκηρυκεύσαντο τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ 


τὰ / la) ᾽ di ’ lal / 
ἀνταπόδοσιν τῶν αἰχμαλώτων ἀξιοῦντες γενέ- 
> - \ > 4 / \ 
σθαι, ov κατηλλάξαντο δὲ αὐτούς, καίπερ καὶ 
> / / > >’ > εἶ a“ b] 5" 
ἐκείνου Καρθάλωνα én’ αὐτὸ τοῦτο ἀντιπέμ- 
Ξ > ὃ) Ν 1 > 256 ep ” 
Ψψαντος" ἐπειδὴ yap! οὐκ ἐδέξαντο αὐτὸν εἴσω 
“A / \ \ / »Q\ > / 
τοῦ τείχους κατὰ TO πολέμιον, οὐδὲ ἐς λόγους 
a a 8 an 
αὐτοῖς ἐλθεῖν ἠθέλησεν, ἀλλ᾽ εὐθὺς δ’ ὀργῆς 
ἀνέστρεψεν.---ἴ" 7 (p. 379). 


Zonaras 9, 6-7. 

Οἱ δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Ρώμῃ διεκηρυκεύσαντο τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ 
ἀνταπόδοσιν τῶν αἰχμαλώτων ποιήσασθαι. οὐ 
κατηλλάξαντο δὲ αὐτούς, ἐπεὶ οὐκ ἐδέξαντο τὸν 
Καρθάλωνα τοῦ τείχους ἐντός, ὡς πολέμιον: οὐδ᾽ 
ἐς λόγους γὰρ αὐτοῖς ἐλθεῖν ἠθέλησεν, εὐθὺς δὲ 
ὠργισμένος ἀνέστρεψε. 

ὁτε μέντοι καὶ ὁ Λαουίνιος τοὺς Αἰτωλοὺς 
συμμαχοῦντας Φιλίππῳ προσηταιρίσατο, καὶ τὸν 
Φίλιππον μέχρι Κερκύρας προχωρήσαντα αὖθις 
ἐξεφόβησεν, ὥστε καὶ ἐς τὴν Μακεδονίαν τάχει 
ἐπανελθεῖν. 

7. Οἱ δὲ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ Τάιον Κλαύδιον Νέρωνα 
εἰς τὴν ᾿Ιβηρίαν μετὰ στρατιωτῶν ἔπεμψαν. καὶ 
ὃς παρεκομίσθη τῷ ναυτικῷ μέχρι τοῦ Ἴβηρος, 
186 1 γὰρ Leuncl., δὲ Mss. 


se eS eel eel eer ee a a -...  -. 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XVI 


Tue Romans made overtures to Hannibal, asking 8.0. 210 

for a return of the prisoners on both sides, but 
they did not effect the exchange, although he sent 
Carthalo to them for this very purpose. For the 
envoy, when they would not receive him within the 
walls because he was an enemy, refused to hold any 
conversation with them, but immediately turned 
back in a rage. 


Zonaras 9, 6-7. 

The people of Rome made overtures to Hannibal 
for a return of the prisoners on both sides. But 
they did not effect the exchange because they would 
not receive Carthalo, an enemy, inside of their walls. 
And he refused to hold any conversation with them, 
but immediately turned back enraged. 

Laevinus, however, made friends at this time 
with the Aetolians, who were allies of Philip; and 
when Philip advanced as far as Corcyra, he fright- 
ened him away again, so that the king returned in 
haste to Macedonia. 

7. The people of Rome sent Gaius Claudius Nero 
with soldiers into Spain. He sailed along with his 
fleet as far as the Iberus, and finding the remainder 


187 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Ρ εἶ τὰς / e \ 7 θέ / 
38 TLO 2ZKLTL@Y ὁ τὸν TATEPA TPWVEVTA σώσας, 
« lal 
ὁ στρατηγός, ἦν Kal φύσεως ἀρετῇ κράτιστος Kal 
7 , / / \ \ na 
παιδείᾳ λογιμώτατος, TO τε φρονημα καὶ τὸ τῆς 


Zonaras 9, 7. 

ἔνθα καὶ τὰ λοιπὰ στρατεύματα εὑρηκὼς ἐπῆλθε 
τῷ ᾿Ασδρούβᾳ πρὶν γνωσθῆναι ὅτι πάρεστι. 
καὶ περιστοιχισάμενος αὐτὸν ἠπατήθη. ἰδὼν 
yap ὁ ᾿Ασδρούβας ὡς ἀπείληπται, προεκηρυκεύ- 
σατο πρὸς τὸν Νέρωνα ὥστε τὴν ᾿Ιβηρίαν πᾶσαν 
ἀφεθεὶς ἐκλιπεῖν. ὡς δ᾽ ἐκεῖνος ἀσμένως τοὺς 
λόγους ἐδέξατο, ἀναβαλλόμενος ἵνα τὰς συνθήκας 
τῇ ὑστεραίᾳ ποιήσηται, ὑπεξέπεμψε τῆς νυκτὸς 
ἄλλους ἄλλῃ τῶν ὀρῶν. διεξελθόντων δ᾽ ἐκείνων, 
ἅτε μὴ φυλακῆς οὔσης παρὰ τῶν Ῥωμαίων διὰ 
τὰς τῶν σπονδῶν ἐλπίδας, ἦλθε μὲν τῇ ἐπιούσῃ 
ἐς λόγους τῷ Νέρωνι, κατέτριψε δὲ πᾶσαν αὐτὴν 
πρίν τι ἐπικυρωθῆναι. καὶ ἄλλους αὖθις τῆς 
νυκτὸς ὁμοίως ἀπέπεμψε. τοῦτο δὲ καὶ ἐν ἄλλαις 
τισὶν ἡμέραις ὁμοίως πεποίηκεν, ἀμφισβητῶν 
τινα ἐν τῇ συμβάσει. προελθόντων δὲ τῶν πεζῶν 
ἁπάντων, τέλος καὶ αὐτὸς σὺν τοῖς ἱππεῦσι καὶ 
τοῖς ἐλέφασιν ὑπεξεχώρησε. καὶ διασωθεὶς φοβε- 
ρὸς αὖθις τῷ Νέρωνι ἐγένετο. 

Μαθόντες δὲ ταῦτα οἱ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ τοῦ Νέρωνος 
μὲν κατέγνων, ἄλλῳ δέ τινι τὴν ἡγεμονίαν ἐψηφί- 
σαντο ἐγχειρίσαι. ἀπορούντων οὖν τίνα ἂν 
ἀποστείλωσιψν (οὐ γὰρ τοῦ τυχόντος ἀνδρὸς ἐδεῖτο 
τὰ πράγματα καὶ πολλοὶ διὰ τὸ τῶν Σκιπιώνων 
πάθος ἐξίσταντο), ὁ Σκιπίων ἐκεῖνος ὁ Πούπλιος 
ὁ τὸν πατέρα τρωθέντα σώσας ἑαυτὸν ἐθελοντὴς 
εἰς τὴν στρατείαν ἐπέδωκεν. ἣν δὲ καὶ ἀρετῇ 


188 


BOOK XVI 


Scipio, the general, who had saved his wounded 
father, had splendid native ability supplemented 
‘by an excellent education, and displayed the 


Zonaras 9, 7. 

of the Roman forces there, he confronted Hasdrubal 
before his presence had become known; and then, 
after hemming him in, he was cheated out of his 
victory in the following manner. Hasdrubal, finding 
himself cut off, made a proposition to Nero to give 
up the whole of Spain and leave the country. Nero 
gladly accepted the offer, and his opponent put 
off the settlement of the terms until the following 
day. That night Hasdrubal quietly sent out a 
number of his men to various parts of the mountains, 
and they got safely away, because the Romans, in 
expectation of a truce, were not keeping guard. 
The next day he held a conference with Nero, but used 
up the whole time without reaching any conclusion. 
That night he again sent off other men in like 
manner. This he did similarly on several other days 
while disputing some points in the treaty. When 
the entire infantry had gone on ahead, he himself at 
last with the cavalry and elephants silently slipped 
away. ‘Thus he reached safety, and again became a 
formidable adversary for Nero. 

On learning this the people of Rome blamed Nero, 
and voted to entrust the command to somebody else. 
And they were at a loss whom to send, for the 
situation required no ordinary man, and many were 
declining the position on account of the fate of 
the Scipios. Thereupon that Publius Scipio, who 
had saved his wounded father, offered himself volun- 
tarily for the campaign. He had splendid ability 


189 


40 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


γνώμης καὶ TO TOV λόγων, ὁπότε ye Kal τούτου 
ἔδει, μέγιστον εἶχε, καὶ αὐτὸ καὶ ἐν τοῖς ἔργοις 
> [2 > / “ \ / 
οὐχ ἥκιστα ἐβεβαίου, ὥστε Kal μεγαλόφρων Kat 
μεγαλοπράγμων, οὐκ ἐκ κενοῦ αὐχήματος ἀλλ᾽ 
ἐξ ἐχεγγύου διανοίας, δοκεῖν εἶναι. διά τε οὖν 
a \ / \ \ - bd n 
ταῦτα, Kal διότι Kal τὸ θεῖον ἀκριβῶς ἤγαλλεν, 
ri / > \ \ Led 9 / | 9 
ἐχειροτονήθη. οὐδὲν yap οὔτ᾽ οὖν δημόσιον οὔτ 
» \ ” \ / > n \ 
ἴδιον πρὶν ἔς τε TO Καπιτώλιον ἀναβῆναι καὶ 
χρόνον τινὰ ἐνδιατρῖψαι éveyerpifeto. καὶ διὰ 
na / » 3 “ Ν > 7 
τοῦτο φήμην ἔλαβεν ἐκ τοῦ Διὸς ἐς δράκοντα 
> an \ 1 \ 2 / > lal / 
ἐν τῇ πρὸς; τὴν" μητέρα αὐτοῦ συνουσίᾳ μετα- 
βαλόντος γεγεννῆσθαι. καί τινας καὶ ἐκ τούτου 
πολλοῖς ἐλπίδας ἐς αὑτὸν ἐνεποίει.----. 40 (p. 601); 
διά τε οὖν-- ἤγαλλεν (§ 39) Phot. Lex. (= Suidas, 
Etym. Magn. and Bachm. Anecd. Gr. 1, 248) s.v. 
ἤγαλλεν, all with: Δίων ἐν is’ λόγῳ Ῥωμαϊκῶν." 
Ὅτι ὁ Σκιπίων καὶ μὴ ἐννόμου ἡγεμονίας 
\ ” > Ol > / \ Ἥ 
λαβὼν ὄνομα ἐξ ὧν ἐχειροτονήθη, τὸ στρατόπεδον 


Zonaras 9, 7. 

κράτιστος καὶ παιδείᾳ λογιμώτατος. καὶ | παρα- 
χρῆμα μὲν ἡρέθη: μεταμέλον δὲ οὐ πολλῷ ὕστερον 
ud τε τὴν ἡλικίαν αὐτοῦ (τέταρτον γὰρ καὶ 
εἰκοστὸν ἔτος τῆς ζωῆς ἦγε) καὶ ὅτι καὶ ἡ 
οἰκία αὐτοῦ διὰ τὸν τοῦ πατρὸς καὶ τοῦ Θείου 
ὄλεθρον ἐπένθει, ἦλθεν αὖθις εἰς τὸ κοινὸν καὶ 
ἐδημηγόρησε, καὶ οἷς εἶπε καταιδέσας τοὺς τῆς 
βουλῆς, τὴν μὲν ἀρχὴν οὐκ ἀφῃρέθη, Μάρκος δὲ 
᾿Ιούνιος ἀνὴρ γηραιὸς προσεπέμφθη αὐτῷ. 


, πρὸς supplied by Val. 2 τὴν supplied by Bk. 
3 αὑτὸν Bk., αὐτὸν Ms. + At this point perhaps should 
be inserted Frg. 70, 2-3. See p. 389, note. 


[go 


BOOK XVI 


greatest nobility of mind, and of language as well, 
whenever there was occasion for this; and _ this 
quality was especially conspicuous in his acts, so 
_that he seemed to be a man at once of lofty 
purpose and lofty achievement, not from any vain 
boastfulness, but as the result of a steadfast deter- 
mination. It was for these reasons, and because he 
scrupulously paid honours to the gods, that he was 
elected; in fact he would never undertake any 
public or private enterprise before ascending to the 
Capitol and spending some time there. On this 
account he acquired the reputation of having sprung 
from Jupiter, who had taken the form of a serpent 
on the occasion of intercourse with his mother; and 
this reputation was responsible in part for the hopes 
which he caused many to place in him. 

Scipio, although he did not receive the legal title 
of commander at the time of his election, nevertheless 


Zonaras 9, 7. 


supplemented by an excellent education. And he 
was chosen at once; but not long afterward they 
regretted their action because of his youth (he 
was in his twenty-fourth year), and also because 
his house was in mourning for the loss of his father 
and uncle. Accordingly, he came before the people 
a second time and addressed them; and by his 
remarks he put the senators to shame, so that he 
was not deprived of the command, although Marcus 
Junius, an elderly man, was sent with him. 


Ig! 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


\ > / Lm ᾽ / 
προσφιλὲς ἐποιήσατο, Kal ἤσκησεν ἐξηργηκότας 
ἐκ τῆς ἀναρχίας καὶ ἀνεκτήσατο κατεπτηχότας 
ἐκ τῶν συμφορῶν. τόν τε Μάρκιον οὐχ, οἷά που 

al ¢ / ’ "ὃ « / 1 cv 
φιλοῦσιν ol πολλοί, ἀνεπιτήδειον NYNnTATO” ὅτι. 
> \ 9 ’ \ \ > a / Ν δ 
εὐδοκιμηκὼς ἦν, ἀλλὰ καὶ ἐν τοῖς λόγοις καὶ ἐν 
τοῖς ἔργοις ἀεὶ ἐσέμνυνεν' καὶ γὰρ ἣν οἷος οὐκ ἐκ 
lal a a > 

Ths τοῦ πέλας διαβολῆς καὶ καθαιρέσεως ἀλλ 
5 rn ᾽ 7] ᾽ “ yy 7 9 \ \ 
ἐκ τῆς οἰκείας ἀρετῆς αὔξεσθαι θέλειν." Kal διὰ 
TOUTO YE οὐχ ἥκιστα τοὺς στρατιώτας ὠκειώσατο. 


—V. 41 (p. 602). 


Zonaras 9, 7. 


Tots Ρωμαίοις δὲ μετὰ ταῦτα τὰ πράγματα 
οὐκ ἀταλαιπώρως ἐχώρησεν εἰς τὸ βέλτιον. ὁ 
γὰρ Μάρκελλος, ἐπειδὴ κατηγορηθεὶς ἀπελύθη, 
ὥρμησεν ἐπὶ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν, καὶ τὰ μὲν πλεῖστα 
du’ ἀσφαλείας ἐποιεῖτο, δεδιὼς πρὸς ἀπονενοη- 
μένους διακινδυνεῦσαι" εἰ δέ ποτε ἠναγκάσθη 
προσμῖξαι, κρείττων ἐκ φρονήσεως εὐτολμίᾳ 
κεκραμένης ἐγίνετο. ὁ οὖν ᾿Αννίβας διά τε ταῦτα 
καὶ ὅτι αἱ πόλεις αἱ “συμμαχοῦσαι αὐτῷ αἱ μὲν 
ἐγκαταλελοίπεσαν. αὐτόν, αἱ δὲ διενοοῦντο, καὶ 
δι᾿ ἕτερ. ἄττα κακῶσαι τὰ" χωρία ἃ μὴ κατέχειν 
οἷός τ᾽ * ἦν ἐπεχείρησε. καὶ πολλοῖς ἐλυμήνατο, 
καὶ πλείους διὰ τοῦτο ἀφίσταντο. 

Περὶ δὲ Σαλπίαν πόλιν τοιόνδε τι συνέπεσε. 
δύο ἄνδρες τὰ πράγματα αὐτῶν εἶχον διάφοροί 
τε ἀλλήλοις ἦσαν. καὶ ᾿Αλίνιος μὲν τὰ τῶν 
Καρχηδονίων ἐφρόνει, Ἰ]λαύτιος δὲ τὰ τῶν “Po- 


1 ἡγήσατο Bk., εἰργάσατο Ms. 2 θέλειν St., θέλων Ms. 
8. οἷός τ᾿ Kuiper, οἷος Mss. 


[92 


BOOK XVI 


made the army his friend, drilled the men who had 
become sluggish through want of a commander, and 
brought them out of the terror with which their 
misfortunes had filled them. As for Marcius,! Scipio 
did not, as most men would have done, treat him as 
an enemy because he had acquired popularity, but 
both in word and deed always showed him respect. 
He was the sort of man to wish to make his way not 
by slandering and overthrowing his neighbour, but 
by his own excellence. And it was this as much as 
anything that enabled him to conciliate the soldiers. 


Zonaras 9, 7. 

After these events the situation improved for the 
Romans, yet not without a hard struggle. Marcellus, 
after his acquittal, set out against Hannibal and for 
the most part acted on the safe side, since he was 
afraid to risk an engagement with men driven 
to desperation; and if at any time he was forced 
into a combat, he came out victorious as the result 
of prudence mingled with daring. Accordingly 
Hannibal, both on this account, and because the cities 
in his alliance had either abandoned him or were in- 
tending to do so, and for certain other reasons, under- 
took to ravage those regions which he was unable to 
hold; so he devastated many districts, with the result 
that still larger numbers deserted to the Romans. 

In the case of the city of Salapia the following 
incident occurred. Two men managed affairs there 
who were hostile to each other: Alinius? favoured 
the Carthaginian cause, and Plautius? the Roman ; 

1 L. Marcius, chosen commander by the soldiers after the 
death of the Scipios. 

2 The names Alinius and Plautius are corruptions of some 
copyist for Dasius and Blattius. 193 

VOL. 11. Oo 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 7-8. 


μαίων, ὃς καὶ διειλέχθη τῷ ᾿Αλινίῳ περὶ προ- 
δοσίας τῆς εἰς Ῥωμαίους. μηνύσαντός TE εὐθὺς 
ἐκείνου τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ ταῦτα, ἐς δίκην ὑπήχθη ὁ 
Πλαύτιος. βουλευομένου. δὲ τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου μετὰ 
τῶν συνέδρων ὅπως αὐτὸν κολάσει, ἐτόλμησεν 
ἐπ᾽ ὄψει αὐτοῦ τῷ ᾿Αλινίῳ πέλας που ὄντι περὶ 
προδοσίας αὖθις εἰπεῖν." ἀναβοήσαντος δ᾽ ἐκείνου 
“ἴδε ide, καὶ νῦν μοι περὶ αὐτοῦ τούτου λαλεῖ," 
οὐκ ἐπίστευσεν ὁ ᾿Αννίβας διὰ τὸ ἄτοπον, ἀλλὰ 
καὶ ὡς συκοφαντούμενον αὐτὸν ἀπέλυσεν. ἀφε- 
θέντος δὲ ὡμονόησαν ἄμφω, καὶ στρατιώτας παρὰ 
τοῦ Μαρκέλλου ἐπαγαγόμενοι τήν τε φρουρὰν 
τῶν Καρχηδονίων κατέκοψαν καὶ τὴν πόλιν τοῖς 
Ῥωμαίοις παρέδοσαν. 

Καὶ οὕτω μὲν ἐν τῇ res ἔσχον τοῖς Καρχη- 
δονίοις τὰ πράγματα" κα οὐδ᾽ ἡ Σικελία Hv 
εὐνοοῦσα αὐτοῖς, ἀλλὰ τῷ ὑπάτῳ τῷ Λαουινίῳ 
προσεχώρουν. ἡγεῖτο μὲν γὰρ τῶν ἐν τῇ Σικελίᾳ 
Καρχηδονίων ἼἌννων, συνεστρατεύετο δὲ αὐτῷ 
καὶ Μουτίνας. ὃς συνὼν τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ πρῴην, 
καὶ θονηθεὶς ὅ ὅτι μεγάλα é ἔργα ἀρετῆς ἐπεδείκνυτο, 
ἐς KEM aD ἐπέμφθη. ὡς οὖν κἀκεῖ λαμπρῶς 
ἱππάρ El, φθόνον καὶ πρὸς τοῦ "Αννωνος ὦφλε, 
καὶ διὰ τοῦτο τῆς ἱππαρχίας ἐπαύθη. περιαλγὴς 
γοῦν διὰ ταῦτα γενόμενος πρὸς τοὺς Ῥωμαίους 
ἀπέκλινε. καὶ πρῶτον μὲν προδοσίαν ᾿Ακρά- 
yavTos ouveT page σφίσιν, εἶτα καὶ τἄλλα συγκατ- 
εἰργάσατο, ὥστε πᾶσαν αὖθις τὴν Σικελίαν ὑπ᾽ 
αὐτοὺς ἄνευ μεγάλου πόνου γενέσθαι. 

8, Ὁ δὲ Φάβιος καὶ ὁ Φλάκκος ἄλλας τε πόλεις 
πολλὰς καὶ τὸν Τάραντα, τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου κατέ- 


194 


BOOK XVI 


Zonaras 9, 7-8. 


and the latter even talked with Alinius about betray- 
ing the place to the Romans. Alinius at once informed 
Hannibal of the fact, and Plautius was brought to 
trial. While Hannibal was deliberating with his 
advisers how to punish him, Plautius dared in his 
presence to speak again to Alinius, who stood near, 
about betrayal. But when the latter cried out, 
“There, there, he’s talking to me about this very 
matter now,” Hannibal distrusted him on account of 
the improbability of the matter and acquitted 
Plautius as a victim of blackmail. After his release 
the two men came to an understanding, and brought 
in soldiers obtained from Marcellus, with whose aid 
they cut down the Carthaginian garrison and de- 
livered the city to the Romans. 

This was the state of Carthaginian interests in 
Italy. And not even Sicily retained its friendliness for 
them, but was siding with the consul Laevinus. The 
leader of the Carthaginians in Sicily was Hanno, and 
Muttines was a member of his staff. Muttines had 
been with Hannibal formerly, but owing to the 
latter’s jealousy of his great deeds of valour had been 
sent into Sicily. When he made a brilliant record 
there also as commander of the cavalry, he incurred 
the jealousy of Hanno likewise, and in consequence 
was deprived of his command. Deeply grieved at 
this, he toined the Romans. And first he aided them 
in the betrayal of Agrigentum; then he helped 
them in reducing the other places, so that the 
whole of Sicily came again under their sway without 
any great trouble. 

8. Fabius and Flaccus subdued, among other cities, 
Tarentum, which Hannibal was holding. They had 


195 
, o 2 


B.c. 209 


42 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


“ lal € 

Ὅτι στάσεως γενομένης τῶν στρατιωτῶν ὁ 
\ a , 

Σκιπίων συχνὰ μὲν τοῖς στρατιώταις διέδωκε, 


Zonaras 9, 8. 


χοντος αὐτόν, ἐχειρώσαντο. κελεύσαντες γάρ 
τισι τὴν Βρεττίαν “κατατρέχειν, ἵν᾽ ὁ ᾿Αννίβας εἰς 
ἐπικουρίαν αὐτῆς ἀπάρῃ ἐκ άραντος, ἐπεὶ τοῦτο 
ἐγένετο, Φλάκκος μὲν ἐκεῖνον ἐπετήρει, Φάβιος 
δὲ ἐν τούτῳ νυκτὸς τῷ Τάραντι ταῖς τε ναυσὶν 
ἅμα καὶ τῷ πεζῷ προσβαλών, τῇ τε προσβολῇ 
καὶ προδοσίᾳ εἷλε τὴν πόλιν. 6 οὖν ᾿Αννίβας διὰ 
τὴν ἀπάτην ἀχθόμενος ἀντεπιβουλεῦσαι τῷ 
Φαβίῳ ἐσπούδασε. καὶ ἐπιστολὴν αὐτῷ ἐκ 
Μεταποντίου ὡς παρὰ τῶν ἐπιχωρίων ἐπὶ προ- 
δοσίᾳ τῆς πόλεως ἔπεμψεν, ἐλπίσας ἀ ἀπερισκέπτως 
αὐτὸν προσιόντα ἐνεδρεύσειν. καὶ ὃς ὑπετόπησε 
τὸ πραττομενον, καὶ παραβαλὼν τὰ γράμματα 
ταῖς ἐπιστολαῖς ἃς τοῖς Ταραντίνοις ποτὲ éye- 
γράφει, κατεφώρασεν ἐκ τῆς αὐτῶν ὁμοιότητος 
TO ἐπιβούλευμα.. 

Σαιπίων δὲ τὸν ἄλλον χρόνον, εἰ καὶ τιμωρῆσαι 
τῷ πατρὶ καὶ τῷ θείῳ ἐγλίχετο καὶ τῆς τοῦ 
πολέμου δόξης ὠρέγετο, ἀλλ᾽ οὐκ ἠπείγετο διὰ τὸ 
πλῆθος τῶν ἐναντίων. ἐπεὶ δ᾽ ἤσθετο, αὐτοὺς 
χειμάξοντας πόρρω ποι, ἐκείνους μὲν εἴα, ἐς δὲ 
τὴν Καρχηδόνα τὴν ταύτῃ ὥρμησεν" οὐ μέντοι 
τις τὸ παράπαν τὴν ὁρμὴν αὐτοῦ ἔγνωκε πρὶν 
πρὸς αὐτῇ τῇ Καρχηδόνι γενέσθαι: καὶ ἔλαβε 
σὺν πόνῳ τὴν πόλιν. 

᾿Αλούσης δὲ τῆς Καρχηδόνος στάσις μεγίστη 
μικροῦ τῶν στρατιωτῶν ἐγένετο ἄν. τοῦ γὰρ 
196 


BOOK XVI 


When a mutiny of the soldiers took place, Scipio 
distributed many gifts to the soldiers and set apart 


Zonaras 9, 8. 


given orders to a body of men to overrun Bruttium, in 
order that Hannibal might leave Tarentum and go 
to its assistance ; and when it had turned out thus, 
Flaccus kept watch of Hannibal, while Fabius by 
night assailed Tarentum with ships and infantry at 
the same time, and captured the city by means of 
the assault, aided by betrayal. Hannibal, angry at 
this trick, was eager to find some scheme for paying 
Fabius back. So he sent him a letter from Metapon- 
tum, purporting to be from the inhabitants, and pro- 
posing the betrayal of the city ; for he hoped that 
Fabius would advance carelessly in that direction, and 
that he might set a trap for him on the way. But 
the Roman leader suspected the truth of the matter, 
and by comparing the writing with the letters which 
Hannibal had once written to the Tarentines, he 
detected the plot from their similarity. 

Scipio, however much he longed to avenge his 
father and uncle, and however much he yearned for 
glory in the war, nevertheless for a time showed no 
haste on account of the multitude of his opponents. 
- But when he ascertained that they were passing the 
winter at a considerable distance, he disregarded 
them and marched upon Carthage (the Spanish 
town); no one, however, gained the slightest know- 
ledge of his march till he had come close to Carthage 
itself. And by great exertion he took the city. 

Following the capture of Carthage, a most serious 
mutiny of the soldiers came very near taking place. 


197 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


\ / a 
συχνὰ δὲ καὶ és TO δημόσιον ἀπέδειξε. τῶν τε 
\ \ 
αἰχμαλώτων ἐς TO ναυτικὸν κατέταξεν, Kal τοὺς 
a a / 
ὁμήρους προῖκα πάντας τοῖς οἰκείοις ἀπέδωκε. 
καὶ αὐτῷ διὰ τοῦτο πολλοὶ μὲν δῆμοι πολλοὶ δὲ 
ἘΣ 
καὶ δυνάσται, ἄλλοι τε Kal ᾿Ινδίβιλις καὶ Μαν- 
δό , 9 , , fal 
43 dovios ᾿Γλεργητανοί,Σ προσεχώρησαν. τό TE TOV 
/ ΓΜ a , Ne "9 / 
Κελτιβήρων ἔθνος πλεῖστόν τε Kal ἰσχυρότατον 
τῶν περιχώρων ὃν ὧδε προσέθετο. παρθένον ἐν 
τοῖς αἰχμαλώτοις ἐπιφανῆ κάλλει λαβὼν ὑπω- 
Nal \ ΕΝ ” θ ᾽ fol 3 > Μ 
πτεύθη μὲν ἄλλως ἐσεσθαι αὑτῆς" EV εἐρωτι, 
μαθὼν δὲ ὅτι ᾿Αλλουκίῳ τινὶ τῶν ἐν τέλει Κελτι- 


Zonaras 9, 8. 

Σκιπίωνος στέφανον ὑποσχομένου δώσειν τῷ 
πρώτῳ τοῦ τείχους ἐπιβάντι, δύο ἄνδρες, ὁ μὲν 
Ῥωμαῖος, ὁ δ᾽ ἐκ τῶν συμμά ων, περὶ αὐτοῦ 
ἠμφισβήτησαν. διαφερομένων δ᾽ ἐκείνων καὶ τὸ 
ἄλλο πλῆθος. ἐθορυ βήθη, καὶ ἐπὶ πλεῖστον 
ἐταράχθησαν, ὦ ὥστε καὶ δεινόν τι δρᾶσαι, εἰ μὴ 
ὁ Σκιπίων καὶ ἄμφω ἐστεφάνωσε, καὶ συχνὰ μὲν 
τοὶς στρατιώταις διέδωκε, συχνὰ δὲ καὶ τοῖς 
δημοσίοις προσένειμε, καὶ τοὺς ἐκεῖ ,κατεχομένους 
ὁμήρους προῖκα πάντας τοῖς οἰκείοις ἀπέδωκεν. 
ὅθεν πολλοὶ μὲν δῆμοι, πολλοὶ δὲ καὶ δυνάσται 
αὐτῷ προσεχώρησαν, καὶ τὸ τῶν Κελτιβήρων 
ἔθνος πρὸς τοῖς λοιποῖς. παρθένον γὰρ ἐν τοῖς 
αἰχμαλώτοις λαβὼν κάλλει ἐπιφανῆ, ἐνομίσθη 
μὲν ἔσεσθαι αὐτῆς ἐν ἔρωτι, μαθὼν δὲ ὅτε τινὶ 
τῶν ἐν τέλει Κελτιβήρων ἐγγεγύηται, μετε- 
1 Ἰνδίβιλις suggested by Bs. (cf. Zon. 9, 10), ᾿Ινδίβολις Ms. 
2 ᾿Ιχλεργητανοί St., Ἰαγερτανοί Ms, ὃ αὐτῆς Reim., αὐτὸς Ms, 


198 


BOOK XVI 


many also for the public treasury. He appointed some 
of the captives to service in the fleet and gave back 
all the hostages to their relatives without ransom. 
For this reason many towns and many princes, among 
them Indibilis and Mandonius of the [lergetes, came 
over to his side. The Celtiberian race, the largest 
and strongest of those in that region, he gained in 
the following way. He had taken among the 
captives a maiden distinguished for her beauty, and 
it was supposed, on general principles, that he would 
fall in love with her; but when he learned that she 
was betrothed to Allucius, one of the Celtiberian 


Zonaras 9, 8. 


Scipio had promised to give a crown to the first 
one who scaled the wall, and two men, the one a 
Roman, the other belonging to the allies, quarrelled 
over it. Their continued dispute promoted a dis- 
turbance among the rest of the soldiery as well, and 
they became so greatly excited that they would 
have committed some fearful deed, had not Scipio 
crowned both men. He also distributed many gifts 
to the soldiers, and assigned many also to public 
uses; and he gave back to their relatives without 
ransom all the hostages who were being detained 
there. As a result, many towns and many princes 
espoused his cause, the Celtiberian race among the 
rest. For he had taken among the captives a maiden 
distinguished for her beauty, and it was thought that 
he would fall in love with her; but when he learned 
that she was betrothed to one of the Celtiberian magis- 


199 


48 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


\ 
βήρων ἠγγύηται, μετεπέμψατό Te αὐτὸν αὐτετπ- 
ἄάγγελτος, καὶ τὴν παῖδα αὐτῷ παρέδωκε μετὰ τῶν 
a / 
λύτρων ἅπερ οἱ προσήκοντες αὐτῆς ἐκεκομίκεσαν. 
κἀκ τοῦ ἔργου τούτου καὶ ἐκείνους καὶ τοὺς ἄλλους 
ἀνηρτήσατο.---Υ. 42 (p. 602). 
d/ ς / ὃ \ \ Φ > a 
Ore ὁ Σκιπίων δεινὸς μὲν ἦν ἐν ταῖς στρατη- 
/ \ n € / \ \ 
γίαις, ἐπιεικὴς δὲ ἐν ταῖς ὁμιλίαις, Kal és μὲν τοὺς 
᾽ 7 8 ἊΝ / » \ \ / 
ἀνθισταμένους αὐτῷ φοβερός, és δὲ τοὺς ὑπεί- 
κοντας φιλάνθρωπος. καὶ προσέτι καὶ ἐκ τῆς 
a \ a  s / al κ / 
τοῦ πατρὸς τοῦ τε θείου δόξης πλεῖστον ἐς πίστιν 
e > / an ὃ A > 3 > a ΕῚ / > 9 
ὧν ἐποίει, τῷ δοκεῖν ATT ἀρετῆς ἐκ γένους ἀλλ,ι 
a , a / 
οὐκ ἐκ TOU προστυχόντος εὐδοκιμεῖν, ἴσχυε. τότε 
a / a a 
δὲ Kal μᾶλλον ἐπί τε τῷ τάχει τῆς νίκης, Kal 
“ \ ΕἼ 9 / ; > \ , > , 
ὅτι καὶ ὁ ᾿Ασδρούβας és τὴν pecoyeiay ἀνεχώ- 
/ δὲ Ψ \ 20 / vy? 5 
ρησεν, μάλιστα O€ OTL καὶ ἐθείασεν, ELT οὗν 


Zonaras 9, 8. 

7 ToS \ \ ca > A δέδ 

πέμψατο αὐτὸν καὶ τὴν νεᾶνιν αὐτῷ παραδέδωκε, 
\ \ ἃ a 
προσεπιδοὺς Kal TA λύτρα ἃ οἱ προσήκοντες αὐτῇ 
/ / 

προσεκόμισαν. κἀκ τούτου Kal ἐκείνους καὶ TOUS 
λοιποὺς ἀνηρτήσατο. 

᾿ ἴω / 

Μαθὼν δὲ τὸν ᾿Ασδρούβαν τὸν τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου 

Ν a an ΝΜ \ 

ἀδελφὸν σπουδῇ ἐπιόντα καὶ ἀγνοοῦντα ἔτι τὴν 

“ 7 “ \ 
τῆς πόλεως ἅλωσιν Kal μηδὲν προσδοκῶντα κατὰ 
\ / A 
τὴν πορείαν πολέμιον, προαπήντησεν | αὐτῷ, Kal 
ἐν τῷ στρατοπέδῳ αὐτοῦ κρατήσας ἐνηυλίσατο, 

\ a a / 3 \ 

Kal πολλοὺς τῶν ἐκεῖ προσεποιήσατο. ἣν μὲν 

\ a / / \ - e ,ὔ 
γὰρ ἐν ταῖς στρατηγίαις δεινός, ἐν δὲ ταῖς ὁμιλίαις 

/ , 

ἐπιεικής, Kal ἐς μὲν τοὺς ἀνθισταμένους φοβερός, 
> \ \ ς / \ / / 
és δὲ τοὺς ὑπείκοντας καὶ para φιλάνθρωπος, 


200 1 προαπήντησεν Bs., προσαπήντησεν Mss. 


BOOK XVI 


magistrates, he voluntarily sent for him and delivered 
the girl to him along with the ransom her kinsmen 
had brought. Asa result of this act he attached to 
his cause both these and the rest of the nation. 
Scipio was stern in the exercise of his command, 
but agreeable in familar intercourse, terrifying to his 
opponents, yet humane to such as yielded. Further- 
more, through his father’s and his uncle’s reputation 
he was thoroughly able to inspire confidence in what 
he did, because it was felt that he owed his fame 
to inherited excellence and not to chance. But now, 
more than ever, the swiftness of his victory, the 
fact that Hasdrubal had retreated into the interior, 
and especially the fact that he had made a prediction, 


Zonaras 9, 8. 

trates, he sent for him and delivered the maid to 
him, bestowing upon him also the ransom which her 
kinsmen brought for her. As a result, he attached to 
his cause both these and the remainder of the nation. 

Next he learned that Hasdrubal, the brother of 
Hannibal, was approaching rapidly, still ignorant of 
the capture of the city, and expecting to meet no 
hostile force on his march. Scipio, therefore, 
advanced to meet him and defeated him, and after- 
ward bivouacked in his camp, and won over many 
people in the vicinity. He was stern in the exercise 
of his command, but agreeable in familiar intercourse, 
terrifying to opponents, yet thoroughly humane to such 
as yielded. And especially the fact that he had made 


201 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


mapa δαιμονίου τινὸς μαθὼν εἴτε κατὰ τύχην, 
ὅτι ἐν τῇ τῶν πολεμίων στρατοπεδεύσοιτο, ὃ καὶ 
ἐγένετο, πάντες μὲν αὐτὸν ὡς καὶ κρείττω σφῶν 
v at? ς ee / / 
ὄντα ἐτίμων, οἱ δὲ Ἴβηρες καὶ βασιλέα μέγαν 
@vopatov.—V. 43 (p. 605). 


Zonaras 9, 8. 

μάλιστα δ᾽ ὅτι καὶ ἐθείασε, προειπὼν ὡς ἐν TH 
τῶν πολεμίων στρατοπεδεύσοιτο, πάντες ἐτίμων 
αὐτόν" οἱ δ᾽ Ἴβηρες καὶ βασιλέα μέγαν ὠνόμαζον. 

Ὁ δ᾽ ᾿Ασδρούβας ἀπελπίσας τὴν Ἰβηρίαν 
ἀπᾶραι πρὸς τὴν Ἰταλίαν ἐβούλετο. καὶ ἐν τῷ 
χειμῶνι συσκευασάμενος ὁ μὲν ὥρμητο, οἱ δὲ 
συστράτηγοι αὐτοῦ κατὰ χώραν μείναντες ἀσχο- 
λίαν τῷ Σκιπίωνι παρεῖχον, ὥστε μὴ τὸν ᾿Ασ- 
δρούβαν ἐπιδιῶξαι μήτε, τοῖς ἐν τῇ Ἰταλίᾳ 
“Ῥωμαίοις ἐπικουφίσαι τὸν πόλεμον γενομένῳ 
ἐκεῖ, ἢ πρὸς τὴν Καρχηδόνα πλεῦσαι. ὁ δὲ 
Σκιπίων τὸν μὲν ᾿Ασδρούβαν οὐκ ἐπεδίωξε, 
πέμψας δὲ δρομοκήρυκας τὴν πρόσοδον αὐτοῦ 
τοῖς ἐν τῇ Ρώμῃ ει αὐτῶν προεκήρυξεν, αὐτὸς δὲ 
τῶν ἐν χερσὶν εἴχετο. καὶ ὁρῶν τοὺς ἐναντίους 
πολλαχῇ τῆς χώρας ὄντας, ἐδεδίει μή τίσιν αὐτῶν 
προσμίξας εἰς ἕν ἅπαντας συναγάγῃ ἀλλήλοις 
ἐπικουρήσοντας. αὐτὸς μὲν οὖν ἐστράτευσεν ἐπ᾽ 
᾿Ασδρούβαν τὸν Πίσγωνος, Σιλανὸν δὲ ἐς Κελτι- 
βηρίαν ἐπὶ Μάγωνα, καὶ Λούκιον Σκιπίωνα τὸν 
ἀδελφὸν ἐς Βαστιτανίαν ἔπεμψεν. ὃς ἐκείνην τε 
πολέμῳ κατέσχε, καὶ τὸν Μάγωνα ἐνίκησε, καὶ 


202 


BOOK XVI 


either through divine inspiration or by some chance 
information, that he would encamp in the enemy's 
country !—a prediction now fulfilled—caused all to 
honour him as superior to themselves, while the 
Spaniards even named him Great King. 


Zonaras 9, 8. 

a prediction, announcing beforehand that he would 
encamp in the enemy’s country,! caused all to honour 

him, while the Spaniards even named him Great King. 
- Hasdrubal, despairing of Spain, was anxious to 
depart for Italy. So after packing everything for 
the march, he set out in winter. His fellow- 
commanders held their ground and kept Scipio busy 
so that he could not pursue Hasdrubal nor lighten 
the burden of war for the Romans in Italy by going 
there, nor sail to Carthage. But, although Scipio 
did not pursue Hasdrubal, he sent runners through 
whom he apprised the people in Rome of his ap- 
proach, while he himself gave attention to his own 
immediate concerns. And observing that his oppo- 
nents were scattered over various parts of the country, 
he feared that whenever he began an engage- 
ment with any of them, he should be the cause of 
their gathering in one place to aid one another. 
Accordingly, while he himself conducted a campaign 
against Hasdrubal, the son of Gisgo, he sent Silanus 
into Celtiberia against Mago, and Lucius Scipio, his 
brother, into Bastitania. . Lucius occupied the latter 
district after hard fighting, conquered Mago, followed 

1 Some phrase defining the time appears to have been lost. 
Furthermore the enemy’s ‘‘ camp” (ἐν τῷ, as suggested by 


Reimar) in place of his ‘‘ country” (ἐν τῇ) would seem to 
improve the sense; compare Zonaras’ words on p. 201. 


203 


B.C. 208 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 8-9, * ὶ 
φεύγοντι αὐτῷ πρὸς τὸν ᾿Ασδρούβαν ἐπακολου- 
θήσας ἦλθε πρὸς τὸν Σκιπίωνα, μήπω μηδὲν 
διαπεπραγμένον. 

᾿Ελθόντων οὖν τοῦ τε Μάγωνος πρὸς τὸν ᾿Ασ- 
δρούβαν καὶ τοῦ Λουκίου πρὸς τὸν ἀδελφὸν τὸν 
Σκιπίωνα, τὰ μὲν πρῶτα τῷ ἱππικῷ καταθέοντες 
ἐς τὰ πεδία διεμάχοντο, εἶτα καὶ ὅλῳ τῷ στρα- 
τεύματι ἀντιπαρετάσσοντο, οὐ μὴν καὶ ἐμάχοντο. 
καὶ ἐπὶ πλείους ἡμέρας τοῦτο ἐγίνετο". συμβολῆς 
δέ ποτε γενομένης οἵ τε σύμμαχοι τῶν Καρχη-. 
δονίων καὶ αὐτοὶ ἐκεῖνοι ἡττήθησαν, καὶ τὸ ἔρυμα 
αὐτῶν παρὰ τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἑάλω, καὶ τοῖς ἐν 
αὐτῷ ἐπιτηδείοις οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι ἐχρήσαντο" ὃ πρὸ 
τριῶν ἡμερῶν ὁ Σκιπίων, ὡς λόγος ἐστίν, ἀπε- 
φοίβασεν. ἐπιλιπόντων γὰρ αὐτοῖς τῶν πρὸς 
τροφήν, προεῖπεν (ὅθεν. δ᾽ ἠγνόηται) ὡς “κατὰ 
τήνδε τὴν ἡμέραν τοῖς τῶν πολεμίων χρησόμεθα" 
μετὰ ταῦτα δὲ τοῖς περιλειφθεῖσι τῶν ἐναντίων 
τὸν Σιλανὸν καταλιπὼν αὐτὸς πρὸς τὰς ἄλλας 
ἀπῇει πόλεις, καὶ πολλὰς προσηγάγετο. κατα-᾿ᾧ 
στήσας δὲ τὰ ἑαλωκότα αὐτὸς μὲν ἐκεῖ ( διεχείμασε, 
τὸν δὲ Λούκιον τὸν ὁμαίμονα ἐπὶ Ῥώμην ἀπέ- 
στείλε καταγγελοῦντά τε τὰ γενόμενα καὶ τοὺς 
αἰχμαλώτους κομίσοντα καὶ ὅπως οἱ ἐν τῇ 
Ῥώμῃ φρονοῦσι. περὶ αὐτοῦ πολυπραγμονήσοντα. 
. Οἱ δ᾽ ἐν τῇ ᾿Ιταλίᾳ καὶ ἐκ νόσου ἐπόνησαν 
καὶ μάχαις ἐταλαιπώρησαν, Τυρσηνῶν νεωτερι- 
σάντων τινῶν. “μεῖζον δὲ τῶν ἄλλων αὐτοὺς 
ἐλύπησεν ὅτι τὸ Μάρκελλον ἀπέβαλον. ἐπι- 
στρατεύσαντες γὰρ κατὰ τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου τυγ- 
χάνοντος ἐν Λοκροῖς καὶ ἄμφω οἱ ὕπατοι ἐξ 
204 


BOOK XVI 


Zonaras 9, 8-9. 
him up as he fled to Hasdrubal, and came to 
Scipio before the latter had accomplished anything 
as yet. 

Now that Mago had joined Hasdrubal, and Lucius 
his brother Scipio, at first they would descend into 
the plain with their cavalry and engage in sharp 
contests, and later they would array their whole 
armies opposite each other, but would not do any 
fighting. This went on for several days. When 
the clash finally came, the Carthaginians and their 
allies were defeated and their stronghold was taken 
by the Romans, who made use of the provisions in 
it. This Scipio had prophesied, as the story goes, 
three days before. For when their food supplies 
failed them, he had predicted, by what prompting is 
unknown: “On such and such a day we shall make 
use of the enemy’s store.” After this he left 
Silanus to take care of the remaining foes, and 
went off himself to the other cities, many of which 
he won over. When he had brought order into the 
newly acquired territory, he took up his winter abode 
there; and he sent his brother Lucius to Rome 
to report the progress made, to convey the captives 
thither, and to discover how the people of Rome felt 
toward him. 

9. The people in Italy not only suffered from 
disease but also encountered hardships in battles, 
since some of the Etruscans had rebelled. But 
what grieved them more than all else was their 
loss of Marcellus. For both the consuls, having 
undertaken a campaign against Hannibal, who was 
αὖ Locri, had been surrounded by an ambuscade, 


205 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 9. 

ἐνέδρας περιστοιχισθέντες ὁ μὲν Μάρκελλος 
αὐτίκα ἀπώλετο, Κρισπῖνος δὲ τρωθεὶς ἀπέθανεν 
οὐ μετὰ πολύ. εὑρηκὼς δὲ τὸ τοῦ Μαρκέλλου 
σῶμα ὃ ᾿Αννίβας, καὶ τὸν δακτύλιον αὐτοῦ 
εἰληφὼς ᾧ ἐκεῖνος τὰς γραφὰς ἐπεσφράγιξε, 

γράμματα ἐς τὰς πόλεις ὡς map ἐκείνου στελλό- 
μενα ἔπεμπε, καὶ ὅσα ἐβούλετο διεπράττετο" 
μέχρις οὗ τοῦτο γνοὺς ὁ Κρισπῖνος ἀντιπαρήγ- 
γείλεν αὐτοῖς φυλάσσεσθαι: ὅθεν ἀντιπεριέστη 
τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ τὸ πρᾶγμα. ἐπεὶ γὰρ τοῖς ἐν τῇ 
Σαλπίᾳ δι᾽ αὐτομόλου δῆθεν ἣν ἐπιστείλας, ὡς ὁ 
Μάρκελλος νυκτὸς προσΐει τοῖς τείχεσι, τῇ TE 
τῶν Λατίνων κεχρημένος φωνῇ σὺν ἄλλοις ἐπι- 
σταμένοις αὐτήν, ἵνα Ῥωμαῖοι δόξωσιν εἶναι. 
μαθόντες δὲ οἱ Σαλπηνοὶ τὴν ἐπιτέχνησιν αὐτοῦ 
ἀντετεχνήσαντο πιστεύειν ὄντως προσιέναι τὸν 
Μάρκελλον, καὶ ἀνασπάσαντες τὸν καταρράκτην 
εἰσήγαγον ὅσους αὐτοῖς ἔδοξεν ἱκανοὺς εἶναι 
κατεργασθῆναι παρ᾽ αὐτῶν, καὶ πάντας ἀπέ- 
κτειναν. ὁ δὲ ᾿Αννίβας ἀπῆρεν αὐτίκα, μαθὼν 
τοὺς Λοκροὺς πολιορκουμένους παρὰ Ῥωμαίων 
᾿ἐκ Σικελίας ἐπιπλευσάντων. 

Καὶ Πούπλιος * δὲ Σουλπίκιος μετὰ Αἰτωλῶν 
καὶ συμμάχων ἑτέφωων πολλὰ τῆς ᾿Αχαΐας 
ἐπόρθησε. τοῦ δὲ Φιλίππου τοῦ Μακε ὄνος 
τοῖς ᾿Αχαιοῖς συμμαχήσαντος παντελῶς ἂν τῆς 
᾿ΒῬλλάδος ἐξηλάθησαν οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι, εἰ μὴ τοῦ 
κράνους. τοῦ Φιλίππου περιρρυέντος οἱ Αἰτωλοὶ 
τοῦτο ἔσχον, καὶ φήμης εἰς τοὺς Μακεδόνας 
γενομένης ὡς τέθνηκε, στάσις τε γέγονεν ἐκεῖ 


1 Πούπλιος Pinder, in conformity with the regular spelling 
in Zon. and Dio, Πόπλιος Mss. 


206 


a 


BOOK XVI 


Zonaras 9, 9. 

and Marcellus had perished instantly, while Cris- 
pinus had been wounded and died not long after. 
Hannibal found the body of Marcellus, and taking 
his ring with which Marcellus was accustomed to 
seal his documents, he forwarded letters to the 
cities purporting to come from Marcellus. He was 
accomplishing whatever he pleased, until Crispinus 
became aware of it and sent them a warning to be 
on their guard. Asa result of this the tables were 
turned upon Hannibal. He had sent a message to 
the citizens of Salapia through a pretended deserter, 
and now approached the walls in the guise of Mar- 
cellus, using the Latin language in company with 
other men who understood it, in order to be taken 
for Romans. The Salapians, informed of his artifice, 
were artful enough in their turn to pretend that they 
believed Marcellus was really approaching. Then 
drawing up the portcullis they admitted as many 
as it seemed to them they could conveniently dispose 
of, and killed them all. Hannibal withdrew at once 
on learning that Locri was being besieged by the 
Romans, who had sailed against it from Sicily. 

Publius Sulpicius, assisted by Aetolians and other 
allies, devastated a large part of Achaia. But when 
Philip the Macedonian formed an alliance with the 
Achaeans, the Romans would have been driven out of 
Greece completely but for the fact that the helmet of 
Philip fell off, and the Aetolians got possession of it ; 
for in this way a report reached Macedonia that he 
was dead, and an uprising took place there. — Philip, 


207 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 9. 

καὶ ἐφοβήθη μὴ τῆς βασιλείας στερηθῇ, καὶ 
πρὸς Μακεδονίαν ἠπείχθη. ἐντεῦθεν οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι τῇ 
Ἰλλάδι προσέμειναν καί τινων ἐκράτησαν πόλεων. 

Τῷ δ᾽ ἐπιόντι ἔτει ὡς ᾿Ασδρούβας ἠγγέλλετο 
προσιών, οἱ ἐν πῇ “Ῥώμῃ τὰς δυνάμεις τε ἤθροιζον 
καὶ τοὺς συμμάχους σφῶν μετεπέμποντο, ὑπάτους 
Κλαύδιόν τε Νέρωνα καὶ Λιούιον τὸν Μάρκον 
ἑλόμενοι. καὶ Νέρωνα μὲν ἐπὶ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν, 
Διούιον δὲ ἐπὶ τὸν ᾿Ασδρούβαν ἔπεμψαν. ὃς 
αὐτῷ πρὸς τῇ Σένᾳ τῇ πόλει ἀπήντησεν' οὐ 
μέντοι καὶ εἰς χεῖρας εὐθὺς ἦλθεν. ἐπὶ πολλὰς 
δὲ ἡμέρας κατὰ χώραν ἔμεινεν: ἀλλ᾽ οὐδὲ ὁ 
᾿Ασδρούβας τὴν μάχην͵ κατήπειξεν, ἡσύχαζε δὲ 
τὸν ἀδελφὸν ἀ ἀναμένων. ὁ Νέρων δὲ καὶ ὁ ᾿Αννίβας 
εἰς Λευκανίαν ἐστρατοπεδεύοντο, καὶ οὐδέτερος 
πρὸς παράταξιν ὥρμησεν, ἄλλως δὲ ἐς χεῖρας 
ἀλλήλοις ἤεσαν. καὶ ὁ ᾿Αννίβας πυκνὰ μεταν- 
ίστατο, καὶ ὁ “Νέρων ἀκριβῶς αὐτὸν “παρετήρει. 
κρείττων οὖν ἀεὶ αὐτοῦ γινόμενος, καὶ τὰ γράμ- 
ματα τὰ παρὰ τοῦ ᾿Ασδρούβα αὐτῷ πεμφθέντα 
ἑλών, τοῦ μὲν ᾿Αννίβου κατεφρόνησε, δείσας δὲ 
μὴ τὸν Διούιον ὁ ᾿Ασδρούβας τῷ πλήθει κατα- 
βιάσηται, μέγα πρᾶγμα ἐτόλμησε. καὶ κατέλιπε 
μὲν μοῖραν ἐκεῖ ἀποχρῶσαν εἴργειν τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν, 
εἴ πῃ κινηθείη, ἐντειλάμενος πάντα ποιεῖν ἵνα 
καὶ αὐτὸς νομίζοιτο ἐνδημεῖν, τὸ δὲ “καθαρώτατον 
τοῦ στρατοῦ ἀπολέξας ὥρμησεν ὡς πόλει τινὶ 
πλησιοχώρῳ προσμίξων, οὐδ᾽ ἤδει τίς τὴν διάνοιαν 
αὐτοῦ. καὶ ἠπείχθη ἐπὶ τὸν ᾿Ασδρούβαν, καὶ 
ἀφίκετο νυκτὸς πρὸς τὸν συνάρχοντα, καὶ ἐν τῇ 
ταφρείᾳ τῇ αὐτοῦ κατεσκήνησε. καὶ παρεσκευά- 
208 1 ἦλθεν Kuiper, ἦλθον Mss. 


BOOK XVI 


Zonaras 9, 9. 


consequently, fearing he should lose his kingdom, 
hastened into Macedonia. Hence the Romans re- 
mained in Greece and conquered a few cities. 

The following year, upon the announcement of ».c. 207 
Hasdrubal’s approach, the people of Rome gathered 
their forces and summoned their allies, after choosing 
Claudius Nero and Marcus Livius consuls. They 
sent Nero against Hannibal and Livius against Has- 
drubal. Livius met his foe near the city of Sena, 
but did not immediately open an engagement with 
him. For many days he remained stationary ; and 
Hasdrubal was in no hurry for battle, either, but 
remained at rest awaiting his brother. Nero and 
Hannibal were encamping in Lucania, but neither 
hastened to array his forces for battle, although in 
other ways they had some conflicts. Hannibal 
would frequently change his position, and Nero kept 
careful watch of him. As he constantly had the 
advantage of him and presently captured the letter 
sent to him by Hasdrubal, he conceived a scorn for 
Hannibal; and fearing that Hasdrubal might over- 
whelm Livius through force of numbers, he ventured 
upon a hazardous exploit. He left on the spot a 
portion of his force sufficient to check Hannibal, in 
case the latter should make any movement, and he 
gave the men injunctions to do everything to create 
the impression that he was also there. Then, 
selecting the flower of the army, he set out as 
if to attack some neighbouring city; and none 
knew his real intention. So he hastened on against 
Hasdrubal, reached his colleague at night, and 
took up his quarters in the latter’s entrenchments. 
And they both prepared for a sudden joint attack 


209 
VOL. II. P 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 9. 

ζοντο ἄμφω ἵν᾿ αἰφνίδιον αὐτῷ συνεπίθωνται. 
οὐκ ἔλαθον δέ, ἀλλ᾽ ἐτεκμήρατο τὸ γεγενημένον 
ὁ ᾿Ασδρούβας ἀπὸ τῶν παραγγέλσεων διττῶν 
γινομένων' ἰδίᾳ γὰρ. ἕκαστος τῶν ὑπάτων παρήγ- 
γελλέ τι τοῖς ἑαυτοῦ. ὑποπτεύσας οὖν ἡττῆσθαι 
TOV ᾿Αννίβαν καὶ ἀπολέσθαι (περιόντος γὰρ 
ἐκείνου οὐκ ἂν ἐπ᾽ αὐτὸν ὁρμῆσαι τὸν Νέρωνα 
ἐλογίζετο) ἔγνω πρὸς τοὺς Τ'αλάτας ἀπαναχω- 
ρῆσαι καὶ ἐκεῖ τὰ περὶ τὸν ἀδελφὸν ἀκριβώ- 
σασθαι καὶ οὕτω κατὰ σχολὴν πολεμῆσαι. 

Καὶ ὁ μὲν παραγγείλας τῷ στρατεύματι 
ἀναστῆναι, νυκτὸς ἀπῆρεν, οἱ δ᾽ ὕπατοι ἐκ τοῦ 
θορύβου ὑπώπτευσαν τὸ γινόμενον, οὐ μέντοι 
εὐθὺς ἐκινήθησαν διὰ τὸ σκότος. ἅμα δ᾽ ἠοῖ. 
τούς͵ τε ἱππέας προέπεμψαν ἐπιδιῶξαι αὐτούς, 
καὶ αὐτοὶ εἵποντο. καὶ τοῦ ᾿Ασδρούβου τοῖς 
ἱππεῦσιν ἀντιταξαμένου ὡς μόνοις οὖσιν, οἱ 
ὕπατοι ἐπελθόντες τροπὴν αὐτοῦ ἐποιήσαντο, 
καὶ φεύγουσιν ἐπακολουθήσαντες πολλοὺς ἐφό- 
vevoay. καὶ οὐδ᾽ οἱ ἐλέφαντες αὐτοῖς ἐβοήθησαν' 
ὅτι γάρ τινες αὐτῶν τραυματισθέντες κακὰ πλείω 
τοὺς ἐπιτεταγμένους σφίσιν ἔδρων ἢ ἢ οἱ πολέμιοι, 
παρήγγειλεν ὁ ᾿Ασδρούβας τοῖς ἐπ᾽ αὐτῶν καθη- 
μένοις τοὺς τιτρωσκομένους τῶν θηρίων παραυτίκα 
σφάζειν: ῥᾷστα δὲ σιδηρίῳ τινὲ ὑπὸ τὸ οὖς 
νυττόμενοι ἐκτιννύοντο. καὶ ἐκεῖνοι μὲν ὑπὸ τῶν 
Καρχηδονίων, οἱ ἄνδρες δὲ ὑπὸ τῶν Ῥωμαίων 
ἐφθείροντο. ἔπεσον δὲ τοσοῦτοι ὥστε τοὺς Ῥω- 
μαίους διακορεῖς τοῦ φόνου γενομένους μὴ θελῆσαι 
τοὺς ἄλλους ἐπιδιῶξαι. φθείραντές τε ἄλλους 
πολλοὺς καὶ τὸν ᾿Ασδρούβαν, καὶ λάφυρα πλεῖστα 
210 


ΠΒΟΟΚ XVI 


Zonaras 9, 9. 


upon the invader. The situation, however, did not 
go undiscovered, since Hasdrubal inferred what had 
happened from the fact that the word of command 
was given twice; for each consul issued orders to 
his own troops separately. Suspecting, therefore, 
that Hannibal had been defeated and had perished, 
—for he calculated that if his brother were alive, 
Nero would never have marched against /zm,—he 
determined to retire among the Gauls and after 
finding out definitely about his brother, carry on the 
war at his convenience. 

So, after giving orders to the army to break camp, ἡ 
he started out that night ; and the consuls suspected 
from the noise what was going on, yet they did not 
move immediately because of the darkness. At dawn, 
however, they sent the cavalry ahead to pursue the 
enemy and they themselves followed. Hasdrubal _ 
made a stand against the cavalry, thinking them an 
isolated force, but the consuls came up and routed 
him, and followed after the fugitives, of whom they 
slew a great many. Even the elephants were of 
no help to the Carthaginians, since some of them 
upon being wounded did more harm to_ those 
stationed beside them than did the enemy; and so 
Hasdrubal gave orders to those seated upon them 
to slay the beasts as soon as they were wounded. 
Now they killed them very easily by piercing them 
with an iron instrument under the ear. The ele- 
phants, then, were destroyed by the Carthaginians, 
and the men by the Romans. So many fell that the 
Romans became surfeited with slaughter and had 
no desire to pursue the rest. They had destroyed 
Hasdrubal along with many others, had secured huge 


211 
p 2 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 9-10. 

λαβόντες, καὶ Ρωμαίους αἰχμαλώτους ἐς τετρα- 
κισχιλίους ἐν τῷ στρατοπέδῳ εὑρόντες, ἱκανῶς 
τὴν Καννηίδα συμφορὰν ἀνειληφέναι ἐνόμισαν. 

ΠΠραχθέντων δὲ τούτων ὁ μὲν Λιούιος κατὰ 
χώραν ἔμεινεν, ὁ δὲ Νέρων ἑκταῖος εἰς τὴν 
᾿Απουλίαν ἐπανελήχυθε, λαθὼν μέχρι τότε ὡς 
ἀπεδήμησε. καὶ τῶν ἁλόντων τινὰς ἐς τὸ ᾿Αννίβου 
στρατόπεδον ἔπεμψε τὰ πεπραγμένα δηλώσοντας, 
καὶ τὴν κεφαλὴν τοῦ ᾿Ασδρούβου πλησίον που 
ἀνεσταύρωσε. μαθὼν οὖν ἐκεῖνος τόν τε ἀδελφὸν 
. ἡττημένον καὶ τεθνηκότα καὶ τὸν Νέρωνα νεκι- 
κηκότα καὶ ἐπανήκοντα, πολλὰ μὲν ὠλοφύρατο, 


\ 
πολλάκις δὲ Kal THY τύχην Kal τὰς Κάννας. 


ἀνεκάλεσε. καὶ ἐς τὴν Βρεττίαν: ἀνεχώρησε, 
κἀκεῖ διῆγεν ἡσυχάζων. 

10. Ὁ δὲ Σκιπίων μέχρις ἂν πάντα τὰ ἐν τῇ 
Ἰβηρίᾳ καταστήσῃ ἄρχειν τῶν ἐκεῖ προσετάχθη. 
καὶ πρῶτον μὲν ἐς τὴν Λιβύην δύο πεντήρεσιν 
ἔπλευσε, καὶ ὁ τοῦ Τίσγωνος ᾿Ασδρούβας ἐκεῖ 
κατὰ τύχην αὐτῷ συγκατῆρε. δεξιουμένου οὖν 
καὶ ἄμφω τοῦ Σύφακος (ἔνσπονδος γὰρ τοῖς 
Καρχηδονίοις ἐγένετο, μέρους τῆς Λιβύης βασι- 
χεύων), καὶ καταλλάσσοντος σφᾶς, ὁ Σκιπίων 
οὐκ ἰδίαν ἔχθραν ἔχειν εἶπεν οὔτε. μὴν ὑπὲρ τῶν 
κοινῶν δύνασθαι καθ᾽ ἑαυτὸν καταλύσασθαι. 

᾿Επανῆλθεν οὖν αὖθις: καὶ ᾿Γλιτεργίταις ἐπο- 
λέμησεν, ὅτι τοὺς πρὸς αὐτοὺς καταφυγόντας 
Ῥωμαίους μετὰ τὸν τῶν' Σκιπιώνων θάνατον τοῖς 
Καρχηδονίοις ἐξέδωκαν. καὶ οὐ πρότερον τῆς 
πόλεως αὐτῶν ἐκράτησε πρὶν αὐτὸς τοῦ τείχους 
ἐπιβῆναι ἐτόλμησε καὶ ἐτρώθη. αἰδεσθέντες γὰρ 
212 1 Βρεττίαν Wolf., βρεττανίαν Mss. 


— le Cl 


BOOK XVI 


Zonaras 9, 9-10. 


quantities of spoils, had found Roman captives to the 
number of four thousand in the camp, and thought 
they had sufficiently retrieved the disaster of Cannae. 

When this result had been achieved, Livius re- 
mained where he was, but Nero returned to Apulia, 
arriving on the sixth day, before his absence had 
as yet been detected. He now sent some of the 
prisoners into Hannibal’s camp to explain what had 
happened, and fixed Hasdrubal’s head on a pole 
near by. Hannibal, learning that his brother was 
vanquished and dead, and that Nero had conquered 
and returned, lamented bitterly, often crying out 
against Fortune and Cannae. And he retired into 
Bruttium where he remained inactive. 

10. Seipio was appointed to look after Roman 
interests in Spain until he should ‘have restored 
order in all parts. He first sailed to Africa with 
two quinqueremes, and it so happened that Has- 
drubal, the son of Gisgo, landed there at the 
same time as he did. Syphax, who was king of 
a portion of Africa and was in alliance with the 
Carthaginians, entertained them both and_ en- 
deavoured to reconcile them. But Scipio declared 
that his was no private enmity and that he could 
not, of course, on his own responsibility make terms 
for his country. 

Accordingly he went back again and began a war 
against the Iliturgitani because they had handed over 
to the Carthaginians the Romans who took refuge 
with them after the death of the Scipios. He did 
not become master of their city until he ventured to 
scale the wall in person and got wounded. Then the 


213 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 10. 

οἱ στρατιῶται καὶ δείσαντες περὶ ἐκείνῳ τότε 
προσέβαλον προθυμότερον. καὶ κρατήσαντες τοὺς 
μὲν ἀνθρώπους πάντας ἀπέκτειναν, τὴν δὲ πόλιν 
κατέπρησαν ἅπασαν. καὶ τῷ φόβῳ τούτῳ πολλοὶ 
μὲν ἑκόντες αὐτῷ προσεχώρησαν, πολλοὶ δὲ καὶ 
βίᾳ κεχείρωντο' τινὲς δὲ πολιορκούμενοι τάς TE 
πόλεις ἑαυτῶν ἔκαιον καὶ τοὺς οἰκείους ἐφόνευον, 
ἐπὶ δὲ τούτοις καὶ ἑαυτούς. 

Τὰ πλείω δὲ καταστρεψάμενος ὁ Σκιπίων εἰς 
Καρχηδόνα ἀνέζευξεν: ἔνθα τῷ τε πατρὶ καὶ 
τῷ θείῳ ἐπιταφίους ἀγῶνας ὁπλομαχίας ἔθετο. 
ὅτε πολλοὶ μὲν καὶ ἕτεροι ἠγωνίσαντο, καὶ 
ἀδελφοὶ δὲ δύο περὶ βασιλείας διαφερόμενοι, 
καίτοι τοῦ Σκιπίωνος συναλλάξαι αὐτοὺς σπου- 
δάσαντος: καὶ ὁ πρεσβύτερος τὸν νεώτερον καίτοι 
ἰσχυρότερον ὄντα ἀπέκτεινεν. 

Ἠρρώστησε δὲ μετέπειτα ὁ Σκιπίων, κἀν τούτῳ 
ἐνεωτέρισαν οἱ Ἴβηρες. στράτευμα γὰρ τοῦ 
Σκιπίωνος περὶ Loyxpaval χειμάζον ἐκινήθη, 
καὶ πρῴην οὐκ εὐπειθὲς ὄν, οὐ μὴν φανερὰν 
ἀποστασίαν ἐπιδειξάμενον' τότε δ᾽ αἰσθόμενον τὸν 
Σκιπίωνα κάμνοντα, ἐπεὶ καὶ ἡ μισθοφορὰ αὐτοῖς 
ἐβραδύνθη, ἀναφανδὸν ἀπέστησαν, καὶ τοὺς 
χιλιάρχους σφῶν ἀπελάσαντες ὑπάτους ἑαυτοῖς 
κεχειροτονήκασιν' ἦσαν δὲ ὡς ὀκτακισχίλιοι. 
γνόντες οὖν ταῦτα οἱ Ἴβηρες ἀφίσταντο προχει- 
ρότερον, καὶ τὴν συμμαχίδα τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἐκά- 
κουν. καὶ ὁ Μάγων ἐκλιπεῖν ἤδη τὰ Γάδειρα 
βουληθεὶς οὔτ᾽ ἐξέλιπε καὶ εἰς τὴν ἤπειρον 
διαβαίνων πολλὰ ἐκακούργει. 

214 1 An error for Σουκρῶνα. 


BOOK XVI 


Zonaras 9, 10. 


soldiers, put to shame and fearing for his life, made 
a more determined assault. And having captured the 
place, they killed all the inhabitants and burned 
down the whole city. As a result of the fear thus ΄ 
inspired many voluntarily ranged themselves on his 
side, and many others were subdued by force. 
Some, when besieged, burned their cities and slew 
their relatives and finally themselves. 

After subjugating the greater part of the country 
Scipio moved his quarters to [New] Carthage and 
there instituted funeral contests in full armour in 
honour of his father and of his uncle. When many 
others had contended, there came also two brothers 
who were at variance about a kingdom, though Scipio 
had made efforts to reconcile them. And _ the 
younger man, even though more powerful, was slain 
by the older. 

Subsequently Scipio fell sick, and thereupon the 
Spaniards rebelled. For one of Scipio’s armies that 
was wintering near Sucro had become turbulent ; 
even before this it had shown insubordination, but 
had not ventured upon open rebellion. Now, how- 
ever, learning of Scipio’s illness, and in view of the 
fact, moreover, that their pay had been delayed, 
they mutinied outright, drove away the tribunes, 
and elected consuls for themselves. Their number 
was about eight thousand. So the Spaniards, be- 
coming aware of this, revolted with greater readiness, 
and proceeded to harry the territory belonging to 
the Roman alliance. And thus Mago, who had 
already made up his mind to abandon Gades, did 
not do so, but crossed over to the mainland and 
caused no little havoc. 


215 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 10. 
ayy c / 
Μαθὼν δὲ ταῦθ᾽ ὁ Σκιπίων, πέμψας πρὸς τὸ 
a / / a 
ἀποστατῆσαν στρατόπεδον, ἐπέστειλεν αὐτοῖς 
a a Y \ 41 
συγγνωμονῶν δῆθεν, ὅτι διὰ ἔνδειαν τῶν avary- 
/ a 
καίων ἐνεωτέρισαν, καὶ μηδὲν ὑποπτεῦσαι διὰ 
a a lal \ \ \ 
τοῦτο ἀξιῶν, ἐπαινῶν δὲ Kal τοὺς τὴν ἀρχὴν 
> a 5) / 7 \ \ EY / 
αὐτῶν ἀναδεξαμένους ἵνα μηδὲν δεινὸν ἢ πάθωσιν 
3 \ / “ “ἅμ 7 
ἢ δράσωσι διὰ ἀναρχίαν. τοιαῦτα τοῦ Σκιπίωνος 
- i , 
γράψαντος, οἱ στρατιῶται μαθόντες OTL περιείη 
Ν ΣῸ» 2 / / 9 ὟΝ ΝΜ / 
καὶ οὐδ᾽ ὀργίζοιτο σφίσιν, οὐδὲν ἔτι διεκίνησαν. 
\ / a 
ὡς δ᾽ ἀνερρώσθη, τραχὺ μὲν οὐδὲ τότε αὐτοῖς 
> , f \ / Ν > , 
ἐπηπείλησε, πέμψας δὲ τήν τε τροφὴν ἀποδώσειν 
,ὔ 
ὑπέσχετο, καὶ πάντας πρὸς αὐτὸν ἀφικέσθαι 
> 2 ἃ ἃ ΄ δ ἀθόδον ere ΄ 
ἐκέλευσεν ᾿ ὡς ἂν βούλωνται, ἢ ἀθρόοι ἢ ἐν μέρει 
a 5 
κατὰ διαδοχάς. οἱ δέ γε στρατιῶται KAT ὀλίγους 
5 a > > / ς a ϑ a a \ 
ἀπελθεῖν οὐκ ἐθάρσησαν, ὁμοῦ δ᾽ ἀπῆλθον. καὶ 
¢ / 4 ἴω , > \ > / 
ὁ Σκιπίων ἔξω τοῦ τείχους αὐτοὺς αὐλίσασθαι 
/ A / 
(πρὸς ἑσπέραν yap ἣν) διετάξατο, καὶ παρέσχεν 
a / \ \ 
αὐτοῖς ἀφθόνως τὰ ἐπιτήδεια. καὶ οἱ μὲν ἐστρα- 
N. \ \ , a 
τοπεδεύοντο, αὐτὸς δὲ τοὺς θρασυτέρους αὐτῶν 
/ a a 
εἰς τὴν πόλιν εἰσελθεῖν κατασκεύασε, καὶ τῆς 
\ by \ \ » “ . a / 
νυκτὸς αὐτοὺς κατασχὼν ἔδησεν. ἅμα δ᾽ ἡμέρᾳ, 
id > fal 
ὡς ἔξω ποι στρατεύσων, πάντα τὸν αὐτοῦ στρα- 
x / 9 \ ΝΜ / Μ 
τὸν προεξέπεμψεν. εἶτα τοὺς ἄρτι ἐλθόντας εἴσω 
a Yd a > A 
τοῦ τείχους ἄνευ τῶν ὅπλων ἐκάλεσεν, ἵν᾽ αὐτῷ 
/ / 
συστρατεύσωνται, λαβόντες TO σιτηρέσιον. καὶ 
/ a a 
οὕτως εἰσελθόντων αὐτῶν ἐσήμηνε τοῖς ἐκκεχω- 
/ 7 a 
ρηκόσιν ὥσπερ εἶχον ἐπανελθεῖν. καὶ περισχὼν 
᾽ \ x \ 3 / \ > , \ 
αὐτοὺς πολλὰ Kal ὠνείδισε Kal ἠπείλησε, καὶ 


216 1 ἐκέλευσεν Bs., ἐκάλεσεν Mss. 


BOOK XVI 


Zonaras 9, 10. 


Scipio, learning of this, sent a letter to the 
mutinous legion, in which he affected to pardon 
them for revolting on account of the scarcity of pro- 
visions, asked them to feel no anxiety because of 
this, and actually praised those who had accepted 
the leadership over them to prevent their suffering 
or doing any violence in the absence of lawful 
commanders. When Scipio had written to this 
effect, and the soldiers had learned that he was 
alive and was not even angry with them, they made 
no further trouble. Even after he recovered his 
health he did not use harsh threats in dealing 
with them, but sent a promise to supply them with 
food and commanded them all to come to him, either 
in a body or a part at a time, as they might prefer. 
The soldiers, not daring to go in small groups, went 
all together. Now Scipio arranged that they should 
encamp outside the wall—for it was nearly evening 
—and supplied them with provisions in abundance. 
Thus they encamped; but Scipio saw to it that 
the bolder spirits among them entered the city, 
and during the night he overpowered and im- 
prisoned them. At daybreak he sent forth his 
whole army as if he were going to make an expedi- 
tion somewhere. Then he summoned the recent 
arrivals inside the wall without their weapons, in 
order that they might receive their rations and join 
his expedition. As soon, accordingly, as they had 
entered, he signalled to the men who had gone 
forth to return just as they were. Thus he sur- 
rounded the rebels and heaped upon them many 
reproaches and threats, declaring finally: “ You all 


217 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


57,47 (Δίων) ἐν τῷ us’ “πάντες ἀποθανεῖν ἐστε ἄξιοι, 
> / \ > \ / 8 an / > ᾽ 
οὐ μέντοι καὶ ἐγὼ πάντας ὑμᾶς θανατώσω, ἀλλ 
» / / ἃ \ / ” / 
ολίγους μὲν, OVS καὶ συνείληφα ἤδη, δικαιώσω, 
τοὺς δὲ ἄλλους ἀφίημι." Suidas s.v. ἐδικαιώθησαν, 
Etym. Magn. p. 316, 9, Lex. Seguer. (Bachm. 
Anecd. Gr. 1, 206), Cram. Anecd. Par. 4, 168. 


Zonaras 9, 10. 


τέλος + πάντες μέν, ἔφη, “ θανεῖν ἐστε ἄξιοι, 
οὐ μέντοι. πάντας θανατώσω αὐτός, ἀλλ᾽ ὀλίγους 
οὺς καὶ ἤδη συνείληφα δικαιώσω, τοὺς δὲ ἄλλους 
ἀφίημι." ταῦτα εἰπὼν εἰς τὸ μέσον τοὺς δεδε- 
μένους παρήγαγε, καὶ σταυροῖς προσδήσας καὶ 
αἰκισάμενος ἀπέκτεινεν. ὡς δέ τινες τῶν παρε- 
στηκότων ἀγανακτήσαντες ἐθορύβησαν, συχνοὺς 
καὶ ἐκείνων ἐκόλασε. καὶ μετὰ τοῦτο τὴν μισθο- 
φορὰν τοῖς ἄλλοις δοὺς ἐπὶ τὸν ᾿Ινδίβιλιν καὶ ἐπὶ 
τὸν Μανδόνιον ἐστράτευσε. καὶ μὴ τολμώντων 
ἐκείνων συμμῖξαι αὐτῷ, αὐτὸς ἐπέθετο καὶ ἐνίκησεν. 

Ὁ μολογησάντων δ᾽ ἐκείνων, καὶ τῆς ἄλλης 
᾿Ιβηρίας τὰ πλείω αὖθις ἐδουλώθη, καὶ ὁ Μάγων 
τὰ Τάδειρα ἐξέλιπε, καὶ ὁ Μασινίσσας τοῖς Ῥω- 
μαίοις προσεχώρησεν. οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι γάρ, τε- 
λευτήσαντος ᾿Ασδρούβα τ τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου ὁμαίμονος, 
ἐψηφίσαντο τῆς μὲν Ἰβηρίας ἐκστῆναι, τὰ δὲ ἐν 
τῇ Ἰταλίᾳ ἀνακτήσασθαι" καὶ ἔπεμψαν ἀργύριον 
τῷ Μάγωνι, ἵν᾽ ἐπικουρικὸν ἀθροίσας στρατεύ- 
σηται ἐπ᾽ αὐτήν. καὶ ὃς πρὸς τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν αὖθις 
ὁρμήσας ἀφίκετο πρὸς τὰς Γυμνησίας γήσους. 
καὶ τῆς μὲν μείζονος ἥμαρτε, μὴ δυνηθεὶς εἰς αὐτὴν 
κατᾶραι (οἱ γὰρ ἐπιχώριοι πόρρωθεν ἐς τὰς ναῦς 


218 


BOOK XVI 
Dio, XVI. “You all deserve to die, yet I, for my 
part, will not put you all to death, but will punish 
only a few whom 1 have already arrested ; the others 


I release.” 


Zonaras 9, 10. 

deserve to die, yet I, for my part, will not put you all 
to death, but will execute only a few whom I have 
already arrested ; the others I release.’ With these 
words he brought forward the prisoners, bound them 
to stakes, and put them to death by scourging. 
Some of the soldiers standing by grew indignant 
and raised a disturbance, whereupon he punished 
a number of them also. After this he gave the rest 
their pay, and conducted a campaign against Indibilis 
and Mandonius. As these were too timid to offer 
him battle, he attacked them and was victorious. 

Following their capitulation most of the remainder 
of Spain was again enslaved, Mago abandoned Gades, 
and Masinissa took the Roman side. For the Cartha- 
ginians, upon the death of Hasdrubal, Hannibal’s 
brother, had voted to give up Spain, but to recover 
their conquests in Italy. And they sent money to 
Mago, in order that he might gather a force of aux- 
iliaries and make an expedition against that country. 
So he set out once more for Italy, and came to the 
Gymnesian islands. The larger one escaped his 
grasp; for the natives from a distance kept using 
their slings, in which art they were masters, against 


219 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 10, 
> / / A a ” - > \ 
ἐσφενδόνων, κράτιστοι τοῦτο ποιεῖν Οντες), εἰς δὲ 
a“ \ 
τὴν μικροτέραν προσορμισάμενος ἐκεῖ διὰ τὸν 
χειμῶνα κατέμεινεν. αἱ νῆσοι δ᾽ αὗται τῇ περὶ 
τὸν Ἴβηρα ἠπείρῳ ἐπίκεινται: εἰσὶ δὲ τρεῖς, ἃς 
Ἕλληνες μὲν καὶ Ῥωμαῖοι κοινῇ Τυμνησίας κα- 
A »” 

λοῦσιν, Ovarrepias δὲ καὶ ‘Tacovcas οἱ Ιβηρες, 
POL δ᾽ ς ΄ \ \ "EB \ δὲ fa 
ἰδίᾳ δ᾽ ἑκάστην, τὴν μὲν ἐσον, τὴν δὲ pel ω, 
μικροτέραν δὲ τὴν τρίτην φερωνυμώτατα. τὰ Γά. 
Sepa δὲ οἱ Ρωμαῖοι κατέσχον. 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 633. 

Δίων δὲ ὁ Κοκκηιανὸς ταύτας πλησίον φησὶ 
Ιβὴηρος εἶναι ποταμοῦ, πλησίον τῶν Εὐρωπαίων 
ς / val ἃ / “ \ \ 
Ηρακλείων στηλῶν, ἃς νήσους “EXXnves μὲν καὶ 
Ῥωμαῖοι κοινῶς Γυμνησίας φασίν, Ἴβηρες δὲ 
Βαλερίας ἤτοι ὑγιεινάς. 


220 


BOOK XVI 


Zonaras 9, 10, 

his ships, so that he could not effect a landing; but 
he anchored off the smaller one and waited there on 
account of the winter. These islands are situated 
close to the mainland in the vicinity of the Iberus. 
They are three in number, and are called by the 
Romans in common with the Greeks the Gymnesiae, 
but by the Spaniards the Valeriae or Hyasusae,! or, 
individually, the first Ebusus, the second the Larger,? 
and the third the Smaller 2—very appropriate names. 
And Gades was occupied by the Romans. 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 633. 

Dio Cocceianus, however, says they are near the 
Iberus river and near the European Pillars of Her- 
cules; these islands the Greeks and Romans alike 
call the Gymnesiae, but the Spaniards Valeriae or 


Healthful Islands. 


ΤΑ corruption of Baleares and Pityusae. 
2 Or, in other words, Balearis Major and Balearis Minor. 


221 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XVII 


57,50 Ὅτι ὁ Μασινίσσας ἄλλως μὲν ἐν τοῖς κράτιστος 


51 


ἀνὴρ ἦν, τά Te πολέμια καὶ τοῖς βουλεύμασι Kal 
τῇ χειρὶ ἄριστα ἐξειργάζετο, καὶ ἐς πίστιν οὐχ 
ὅτι τῶν ὁμοφύλων (ἄπιστοι yap! οὗτοί 2 γε ὡς 
πλήθει εἰσί) ἀλλὰ καὶ τῶν πάνυ μέγα ἐπ᾽ αὐτῇ 
φρονούντων mpoépepev.—V. 44 (p. 605). 
Ὅτι τῆς Σοφωνίδος ἰσχυρῶς ἦρα Μασινίσσας, 
ἣ τό τεῦ κάλλος ἐπιφανὲς εἶχε (καὶ vap τῇ 
Zonaras 9, 11. 
oi Be Μασινίσσας ἀνὴρ ἣν ἐν τοῖς κρα- 
τίστοις ἐξεταζόμενος" καὶ χειρὶ γὰρ καὶ βουλεύ- 
μασιν ἄριστος ἐτύγχανε τὰ πολέμια. πρὸς δὲ 
τοὺς “Ῥωμαίους ἐκ τῶν Καρχηδονίων ἐξ αἰτίας 
τοιᾶσδε μετήνεκτο. ὁ ᾿Ασδρούβας ὁ τοῦ Γίοσ- 
γωνος φίλος. τε ἣν αὐτῷ καὶ Σοφωνίδα τὴν ἑαυτοῦ 
θυγατέρα αὐτῷ ἐνηγγύησε. τῷ Σύφακι δὲ συγ- 
γενόμενος, καὶ τὰ τῶν Ῥωμαίων αὐτὸν φρονοῦντα 
αἰσθόμενος, οὐκέτι τὰ ὡμολογημένα πρὸς τὸν 
Μασινίσσαν ἐφύλαξεν, ἀλλὰ θέλων τοῖς Καρχη- 
δονίοις τὸν Σύφακα προσποιήσασθαι, οὐκ ἐλα- 
χίστης δυνάμεως “ἄρχοντα, τήν τε ἀρχὴν αὐτῷ 
συγκατέπραξεν, ἣ τῷ Μασινίσσᾳ προσῆκε, τοῦ 
πατρὸς αὐτοῦ τότε θανόντος, καὶ τὴν Σοφωνίδα 
συνῴκισεν. ἡ δὲ τό τε κάλλος ἐπιφανὴς ἣν καὶ 
1 γὰρ ΒΚ. , τε γὰρ Ms. 2 οὗτοί Val., οὕτω Ms. 
τε added by Bk. 
222 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XVII 


Masinissa, in addition to being among the most 
distinguished men in other respects, was a master in 
conducting warlike operations, both as regarded 
planning and execution; and in point of loyalty he 
excelled not only the men of his own race—who 
are most faithless as a rule—but even those who 
greatly prided themselves upon this virtue. 

Masinissa became deeply enamoured of Sopho- 
nisba,! who not only possessed conspicuous beauty— 


Zonaras 9, 11. 

11. Masinissa ranked among the most distinguished 
men; for he was a master of warfare both as 
regarded execution and planning. He _ had left 
the Carthaginians for the Romans as a result of 
circumstances now to be related. Hasdrubal, the 
son of Gisgo, was a friend of -his and had betrothed 
to him his daughter Sophonisba.! Hasdrubal, how- 
ever, became acquainted with Syphax, and perceiving 
that he favoured the Roman cause, no longer kept 
his agreement with Masinissa. He was so anxious to 
add to the Carthaginian alliance Syphax, who was ruler 
of a very considerable realm, that he not only helped 
him to get possession of the domain which belonged 
to Masinissa, upon the death of the latter's father at 
this time, but furthermore gave him Sophonisba in 
marriage. She was conspicuous for beauty, had re- 

1 The Mss. of both the fragments and of Zonaras give the 
name as Sophonis. 

223 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


al / n lel 
συμμετρίᾳ TOD σώματος Kal τῷ ἄνθει τῆς ὥρας 
» \ ὃ / a \ / \ 
ἤκμαζεν) καὶ παιδείᾳ πολλῇ καὶ γραμμάτων Kal 
μουσικῆς ἤσκητο' ἀστεία τε καὶ αἱμύλος ἦν, καὶ 
Ν / “ ’ / “ ee: a 
TO σύμπαν οὕτως ἐπαφρόδιτος ὥστε Kal ὀφθεῖσα 
nx a / 
ἢ Kal ἀκουσθεῖσα μόνον πάντα τινά, Kal τὸν 
πάνυ δυσέρωτα, Katepyacacbar.—V. 45 (p. 605). 
/ \ > 7 a / 
. . . μέντοι καὶ ἠθέλησε τοῦτον τίσασθαι: 
“ \ \ Y \ 
προὐποπτευθεὶς γὰρ ἔφυγε, καὶ ἐς τὴν Λιβύην 
Ν 
ἐλθὼν πολλὰ μὲν καθ᾽ ἑαυτόν, πολλὰ δὲ καὶ 
a ¢ / 
μετὰ τῶν Ῥωμαίων καὶ τὸν Σύφακα καὶ τοὺς 
7, / / 
Καρχηδονίους ἐλύπησεν. Σκιπίων; δὲ ἐπειδὴ 
πάντα τὰ ἐντὸς τοῦ Llu Ἵ ὰχλ μὲν βί 
ρηναίου τὰ μὲν βίᾳ, 
\ \ vs / / \ ῇ 
τὰ δὲ καὶ ὁμολογίᾳ προσεποιήσατο, τὸν στόλον 


τὸν ἐς τὴν Λιβύην ἡτοιμάζετο, οὗπερ " ἀεὶ ἐφίετο" 


Zonaras 9, 11. 


παιδείᾳ πολλῇ καὶ γραμμάτων καὶ μουσικῆς 
ἤσκητο, ἀστεία τε καὶ αἱμύλος ἣν, καὶ οὕτως 
ἐπαφρόδιτος ὡς ὀφθεῖσα ἢ καὶ ἀκουσθεῖσα μόνον 
καὶ τὸν πάνυ δυσέρωτα κατεργάσασθαι. 

Ὁ μὲν οὖν Σύφαξ διὰ ταῦτα τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις 
προσέθετο, καὶ ὁ Μασινίσσας τὰ τῶν Ῥωμαίων 
ἀνθείλετο καὶ χρησιμώτατος αὐτοῖς διὰ πάντων 
ἐγένετο" Σκιπίων δὲ πάντα τὰ ἐντὸς τοῦ Πυρη- 
vaiov τὰ μὲν βίᾳ, τὰ δὲ ὁμολογίᾳ προσποιησά- 
μενος, ἐς τὴν Λιβύην στείλασθαι ἡτοιμάζετο. οἱ 

1 Σκιπίων Bk., ὁ σκηπίων Ms. 2 οὗπερ Polak, ὥσπερ Ms. 
3 ἀεὶ ἐφίετο Bs., εἴ ἠφίετο Ms. 
224 


BOOK XVII 


that symmetry of body and bloom ot youth—but had 
also received an excellent literary and musical edu- 
cation. She was clever, ingratiating, and altogether 
so charming that the mere sight of her or even the 
sound of her voice sufficed to vanquish every one, 
even the most indifferent. 

However, [{ Masinissa] also wished to take revenge 
on him [Hasdrubal]. For, having already incurred 
suspicion, he had taken to flight, and on arriving in 
Africa had inflicted many injuries by himself and 
many with Roman aid upon Syphax and the Car- 
thaginians. Scipio, after winning over the whole 
territory south of the Pyrenees, partly by force 
and partly by capitulation, was preparing for the 
expedition to Africa, which had ever been his goal ; 


Zonaras 9, 11. 


ceived an excellent literary and musical education, 
and was clever, ingratiating, and so charming that the 
mere sight of her or even the sound of her voice 
sufficed to vanquish anyone, even the most indifferent. 

Syphax for these reasons attached himself to the 
Carthaginians, and Masinissa, on the contrary, es- 
poused the Roman cause and from first to last 
proved very useful to them. Scipio after winning 
over the whole territory south of the Pyrenees, partly 
by force and partly by capitulation, was making 
ready to set out for Africa. The people of Rome, 


225 
VOL. II. Q 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


\ \ on / lal » / , 
Kal yap τοῦτο καίτοι πολλῶν ἀντιλεγόντων ἐπε- 
τράπη τότε, καὶ τῷ Σύφακι συγγενέσθαι ἐκε- 

/ x > / / a / fa) 

54 λεύσθη. κἂν ἐξείργαστό τι τοῦ φρονήματος τοῦ 

al > > \ / 
ἑαυτοῦ ἄξιον (ἢ yap Kapyndova εἷλεν ἂν τὸν 

/ ai ia ty Ἂ Arn ἢ 2 ᾽ a 
πόλεμον αὐτῇ περιστήσας, ἢ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν ἐκ τῆς 
, / 2 / “ “ » > \ 
᾿Ιταλίας ἐξήγαγεν, ὅπερ ὕστερον ἔπραξεν), εἰ μὴ 

id > ” £.) lal \ \ / > n \ \ 
οἱ ἐν οἴκῳ “Ῥωμαῖοι τὰ μὲν φθόνῳ αὐτοῦ, τὰ δὲ 

\ / 5) \ Oe / \ / 
καὶ φόβῳ ἐμποδὼν éyévovto: TO τε γὰρ νέον 

lal / \ \ an 
πᾶν μειζόνων ἀεὶ ἐπορέγεσθαι Kal τὸ κατορθοῦν 

» a / / 
πολλάκις ἄπληστον τῆς εὐπραγίας εἶναι νομί- 
5) a) , 
Covtes χαλεπώτατα ἂν ἡγοῦντο νεανίσκου ψυχὴν 
αὐχήματι προ. . . (four lines wanting in Ms.) 
> b] / / 7 \ , 

55 XY . . p ovK ἐκείνῳ πρός τε δυναστείαν Kal δόξαν 
4 8 2 na / > / \ , 
ἀλλ᾽ ἑαυτοῖς πρός τε ἐλευθερίαν καὶ σωτηρίαν — 

an / 
συμφέρῃ χρῆσθαι, κατέλυον αὐτόν, καὶ ὃν avToL — 
a / n / 
προῆγον ἐς Ta πράγματα ἐν χρείᾳ αὐτοῦ γενό- 
a a," / - - 
μενοι, τοῦτον ἐθελονταὶ καθήρουν, ὅτι μείζων τῆς 
a / a 
κοινῆς ἀσφαλείας ἐγεγόνει" Kal τοῦτο οὐκέτι 
δ Ms al an 
ὅπως Καρχηδονίους παντελῶς δι αὐτοῦ κατα- 
πολεμήσωσιν, GAN ὅπως μὴ ἑαυτοῖς τύραννον 
/ a > 
56 αὐθαίρετον ἐπασκήσωσιν ἐσκόπουν. τῶν οὖν 
lal a / ‘ / 
στρατηγῶν δύο αὐτῷ διαδόχους πέμψαντες ἀνε- 

/ > / \ \ \ > / > > / 

κάλεσαν AUVTOV. καὶ TA MEV ἐπινίκια οὐκ ἐψηφί- 


ἶ 
Zonaras 9, 11]. Ἵ 

δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ τὰ μὲν φθόνῳ τῶν κατορθωμάτων ' 
αὐτοῦ, τὰ δὲ φόβῳ μὴ ὑπερφρονήσας τυραννήσῃ,Ἠ — 
ἀνεκαλέσαντο αὐτόν, δύο τῶν στρατηγῶν διαδό- 
χους αὐτῷ πέμψαντες. 


226 


BOOK XVII 


for this campaign had now been entrusted to him, in 
spite of much opposition, with instructions to join 
Syphax. And he would certainly have accomplished 
something worthy of his aspirations—either bringing 
the war home to the gates of Carthage and capturing 
the place or drawing Hannibal away from Italy, as 
he later did—had not the Romans at home, through 
jealousy and through fear of him, stood in his way. 
They reflected that youth without exception is ever 
reaching out after greater conquests and that good 
fortune is often insatiate of success, and thought that 
it would be very difficult for a youthful spirit through 
self-confidence ..... to treat [him in such wise] 
as would conduce, not to his power and fame, but to 
their own liberty and safety, they dismissed him ; 
thus, the man whom they themselves had put in 
charge of affairs when they stood in need of him they 
now of their own accord removed because he had 
become too great for the public safety. They were 
no longer considering how they might utterly vanquish 
the Carthaginians with his aid, but only how they 
might escape training up for themselves a self-chosen 
tyrant. So they sent two of the praetors to relieve 
him and called him home. Moreover they did not 


Zonaras 9, 11. 
however, through jealousy of his successes and 
through fear that he might become arrogant and 
play the tyrant, sent two of the praetors to relieve 
him and called him home. 
227 


δ7 


10 5 ROMAN HISTORY 


σαντό οἱ, ὅτι ἰδιώτης τε ὧν ἐστράτευτο καὶ ἐπ᾽ 
ἴω / / a 
οὐδεμιᾶς ἐννόμου ἡγεμονίας ἐξήταστο, βοῦς μέντοι 
a / Vn 
ἑκατὸν λευκοὺς ἐν TO Καπιτωλίῳ θῦσαι καὶ πανή- 
γυρίν τινα ἐπιτελέσαι τήν τε ὑπατείαν ἐς τὸ 
τρίτον ἔτος αἰτῆσαι ἐπέτρεψαν" αἱ γὰρ ἐς νέωτα 
ἀρχαιρεσίαι νεωστὶ ἐγεγόνεσαν. 
710 δὲ a > a / / \ ¢ 
Kv δὲ τοῖς αὐτοῖς τούτοις χρόνοις καὶ ὁ 
- 7 \ ri oD / ᾽ Ν \ 
Σουλπίκιος μετὰ τοῦ Αττάλου Qpeov μὲν προ- 
/ 3 “ \ \ \ > \ »” 
δοσίᾳ, ᾿Οποῦντα δὲ κατὰ τὸ ἰσχυρὸν édaPev: 
/ / \ 
ὁ yap Φίλιππος οὐκ ἠδυνήθη σφίσι διὰ ταχέων } 
Ἂ na 
καίπερ ἐν Δημητριάδι ὧν ἐπαμῦναι, ἐπειδὴ οἱ 


58 Αἰτωλοὶ τὰς διόδους προκατέσχον. ὀψὲ δ᾽ οὖν 


Ν 
ποτε ἐπελθὼν καὶ καταλαβὼν τὸν ΓΑτταλον τὴν 
n> an 
λείαν τὴν ἐκ τοῦ ᾿Οποῦντος διατιθέμενον (ἐκείνῳ 
\ N A a δὲ ὃ) Ῥ / ς > a 
μὲν yap αὕτη, τοῖς δὲ δὴ Ῥωμαίοις ἡ ἐκ τοῦ 
a \ a \ 
Ὦρεοῦ ἐγένετο) ἐς τὰς ναῦς αὐτὸν κατήραξεν, 
\ a \ 
ὥστε τὸν ATTaXov διά τε τοῦτο Kal διὰ Προυσίαν 
al / 
τὸν Βιθυνῶν 5 βασιλέα, ἐσβαλόντα τε ἐς τὴν 
, n \ nr / na 
χώραν αὐτοῦ καὶ πορθοῦντα αὐτήν, ἀποπλεῦσαι 


/ yy e / } > [τὰ 
κατα τάχος οἴκαδε. ὁ μέντοι Φίλιππος οὐχ ὅσον 


Zonaras 9, 11. 

Kal ὁ μὲν οὕτω τῆς ἀρχῆς ἐπαύθη, ὁ δέ 
γε Σουλπίκιος μετὰ τοῦ ᾿Αττάλου κατὰ τὸν 
αὐτὸν χρόνον ᾿Ὡρεὸν μὲν προδοσίᾳ, Ὀποῦντα 
δὲ ἰσχύι κατέσχεν. ὁ γὰρ Φίλιππος οὐκ ἠδυνήθη 
αὐτοῖς ἐπαμῦναι διὰ ταχέων, τὰς διόδους προκα- 
τασχόντων 1 OV Αἰτωλῶν. ὀψὲ δέ ποτε ἐπελθών, 
εἰς τὰς ναῦς αὐτοῦ τὸν Ἄτταλον καταφυγεῖν 
ἐβιάσατο. ὁ μέντοι Φίλιππος σπείσασθαι τοῖς 


1 ταχέων Haase, comparing Zon. ; τάχος Ms. acc. to Bs. 
228 2 Βιθυνῶν Bk., βιθυνὸν Ms. 


BOOK XVII 


vote him a triumph, because he had conducted the 
campaign as a private individual, not having been ap- 
pointed to any legal command ; but they allowed him 
to sacrifice a hundred white oxen upon the Capitol, 
to celebrate a festival, and to canvass for the consul- 
ship for the second year following (since the elections 
for the next year had recently been held), 

At this same period also Sulpicius together with 
Attalus gained Oreus through betrayal and Opus by 
main force. For Philip, although in Demetrias, was 
unable to come speedily to the rescue since the 
Aetolians had already seized the passes. At last, 
however, he arrived, and finding Attalus disposing 
of the spoil from Opus,—for this had fallen to his 
lot, and that from Oreus to the Romans,—he hurled 
him back to his ships. Accordingly Attalus, both 
for this reason and also because Prusias, king of 
Bithynia, had invaded his country and was devastat- 
ing it, hastily sailed back home. Philip, however, 
far from being elated at this success, actually wished 


Zonaras 9, 11. 


Thus he was deposed from his command. At this 
same time Sulpicius together with Attalus secured 
Oreus through betrayal and Opus by main force. For 
Philip was unable to come speedily to the rescue, 
as the Aetolians had already seized the passes. But 
at last he arrived and forced Attalus to flee to his 
ships. Philip, however, wished to conclude a truce 


229 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


οὐκ ἐπήρθη τούτῳ, ἀλλὰ Kal σπείσασθαι τοῖς 
“Ῥωμαίοις ἠθέλησε, καὶ μάλισθ᾽ ὅτι καὶ 6 ΠΠτολε- 
μαῖος πρέσβεις ἐκ τῆς Αἰγύπτου πέμπων συνήλ- 
59 λαττεν αὐτούς. καί τινων λόγων σφίσι γενομένων 


... (four lines wanting in Ms.) .. . εἰρήνην 
οὐκέτι ἤτησεν ἀλλὰ... TOs! δὲ Αἰτωλοὺς 
ἀπὸ τῆς συμμαχίας τῆς τῶν Ῥωμαίων ρ΄. . . τινι 


> / / > / > / \ 
ἀποσπάσας φίλους ἐποιήσατο. ov μέντοι Kal 
> / / ” SPA: Ol ἐν 5 / » 
ἐπράχθη τι μνήμης ἄξιον οὔθ᾽ ὑπ᾽ ἐκείνων οὔτε 
» > a » / n 
UT ἄλλων τινῶν, οὔτε τότε οὔτε ἐν TO ὑστέρῳ 
» 3 4 4 / > / \ / 
ἔτει ἐν ᾧ Λούκιός τε Οὐετούριος καὶ Καικίλιος 
/ / la) 
Μέτελλος ὑπάτευσαν, καίπερ σημείων πολλῶν 
lal a ς / 7 
60 καὶ δυσχερῶν τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις γενομένων" ἀρνίον 
/ fal 
τε yap ἀρρενόθηλυ ἐγεννήθη, Kal σμῆνος U.. . ov 
’ a ca n ἴω ἴω \ 
ὥφθη, κατά τε TOV θυρῶν τοῦ ναοῦ τοῦ Διὸς 
τοῦ Καπιτωλίου ὄφεις δύο κατώλισθον, καὶ ἱδρῶτι 
an an ͵7ὔ \ « \ 
πολλῷ ai Te θύραι τοῦ Ἰϊοσειδωνίου καὶ ὁ βωμὸς 
> / 4 3 / / e / / / 
ἐρρύη, ἔν τε ᾿Αντίῳ στάχυες αἱματώδεις θερίζουσί 
\ 4 
τισιν ὥφθησαν, καὶ ἑτέρωθι γυνὴ κέρατα ἔχουσα 
Zonaras 9, 1]. 
/ , a 
Ῥωμαίοις ἠθέλησε. Kai τινων λόγων αὐτοῖς 
la) , > ’ ‘ » 
γενομένων τὰ μὲν τῆς εἰρήνης ἀφείθη, τοὺς ὃ 
fal lal a «ς / 
Αἰτωλοὺς ἀπὸ τοῦ συμμαχεῖν τοῖς Ρωμαίοις 
a / 
μεταθέμενος φίλους ἑαυτοῦ ἐποιήσατο. 
Ὁ δ᾽ ᾿Αννίβας τέως ἡσυχίαν ἦγεν, ἀγαπῶν 
εἰ τὰ ὑπάρχοντά οἱ διασώσαιτο. καὶ οἱ ὕπατοι 


νομίζοντες αὐτὸν καὶ ἄνευ μάχης ἐκτρυχωθῆναι, 


ἀνεῖχον. 
1 rods supplied by Gros, 
230 


BOOK XVII 


to conclude a truce with the Romans, especially 
since Ptolemy, too, was sending ambassadors from 
Egypt and trying to reconcile them. After some pre- 
liminary discussion between them . . . he no longer 
requested peace, but . . . and drew the Aetolians 
away from the Roman alliance by some [device ?] 
and made them his friends. Nothing worthy of 
remembrance, however, was achieved either by 
them or by any others, either then or in the follow- 
ing year, when Lucius Veturius and Caecilius 
Metellus became consuls; and this notwithstanding 
many portents of ill omen which were reported te 
the Romans. For example, a hermaphrodrite lamb 
was born, and a swarm of . . . was seen, two ser- 
pents glided under the doors of the temple of Capi- 
toline Jupiter, the doors as well as the altar in the 
temple of Neptune ran with copious sweat, in Antium 
bloody ears were seen by some reapers, elsewhere a 


΄ Zonaras 9, 11. 

with the Romans, but after some preliminary dis- 
cussion the peace negotiations were dropped; then 
Philip detached the Aetolians from their alliance with 
the Romans and made them his own friends instead. 

Hannibal for a time was keeping quiet, satisfied 
if he might only retain such advantages as were 
already his. And the consuls, believing that his 
power would waste away even without a battle, also 
waited. 


231 


B.C. 206 


52 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


ἀνεφάνη, κεραυνοί τε ἐς ναοὺς πολλοί, .. P. 1 


(p. 458 sq.). 
“ , / € / > / \ 
Ore Λικίννιος Κράσσος ὑπό τε ἐπιεικείας Kai 
κάλλους πλούτου τε, ἀφ᾽ οὗπερ καὶ πλούσιος 
ἐπωνομάσθη, ὅτι τε ἀρχιερεὺς ἦν, ἔμελλεν ἐν τῇ 
> / > / / 
Itadia ἀκλήρωτος péverv.—V. 46 (p. 605). 


Zonaras 9, 11. 
» ᾽ 5 / / 6 7 ε / 
Τῷ δ᾽ ἐπιόντι ἔτει 6 τε Σκιπίων ὁ Πούπλιος 


ἐ 
\ 


/ / ἣν / \ ς \ 
καὶ Λικίννιος Κράσσος ὑπάτευσαν. καὶ ὁ μὲν 
᾽ a: 2 / ” e \ / b] / 
ἐν τῇ ᾿Ιταλίᾳ ἔμεινεν, ὁ δὲ Σκιπίων és Σικελίαν 
> a 5 / / “ J 
ἀπελθεῖν καὶ ἐς Λιβύην ,προσετέτακτο, ἵνα εἰ 
μὴ τὴν Καρχηδόνα αἱρήσει, τόν γε ᾿Αννίβαν 
τέως ἀπὸ τῆς Ἰταλίας ἀνθελκύσῃ. οὔτε δὲ 
στράτευμα ἀξιόλογον͵ οὔτε πρὸς τριήρεις ἀνά- 
λωμα ἔλαβε, διὰ τὰς ἀριστείας φθονούμενος" 
μόλις δὲ καὶ τὰ πάνυ ἀναγκαῖα παρέσχον αὐτῷ. 
καὶ ὁ μὲν σὺν τῷ ναυτικῷ τῶν συμμάχων. καί 
τίσιν ἐθελονταῖς ἐκ τοῦ δήμου ἀπῆρεν, ὁ δὲ 
Μάγων ἐκ τῆς νήσου παραπλεύσας εἰς τὴν 
Λιγυστικὴν ἀπέβη. ὁ Κράσσος δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Βρεττίᾳ 
τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ προσήδρευεν. ὁ μέντοι Φίλιππος 
κατηλλάγη Ῥωμαίοις: Πούπλιον γὰρ Σεμπρώνιον 
εἰς ᾿Απολλωνίαν ἐλθόντα σὺν πολλῇ δυνάμει 
αἰσθόμενος ἀσμένως ἐσπείσατο. 

ς ¢ 
Σκιπίων δ᾽ ὁ ὕπατος εἰς Σικελίαν κατάρας 
/ \ 8 > / Ἰ ᾽ὔ 
παρεσκευάζετο μὲν ὡς ἐς Λιβύην! πλεύσων, 
? > / / / 4 > a \ > \ 
οὐκ ἠδυνήθη δέ, μήτε δύναμιν ἐντελῆ Kal αὐτὴν 


/ 7 Ν ¥ lal Ε] -“ 
ἀσυγκρότητον ἔχων. διὸ πάντα τὸν χειμῶνα ἐκεῖ 


\ \ > a > n \ ΝΜ 
διήγαγε, τοὺς σὺν αὐτῷ ἐξασκῶν καὶ ἄλλους 
προσκαταλέγων. μέλλοντι δὲ περαιώσεσθαι" ἀγγε- 


1 Διβέην Wolf, σικελίαν Mss. 
232 > περαιώσεσθαι Bs., περαιώσασθαι Mss. 


Ὁ er 


BOOK XVII 


woman with horns appeared and many thunderbolts 
. . into temples. . . 

Licinius Crassus, by reason of his amiability and 
beauty and wealth (which gained for him the name 
of Wealthy), and because he was a high priest, was to 
remain in Italy without taking part in the allotment 

of provinces. 


Zonaras 9, 11. 

The next year Publius Scipio and Licinius Crassus 
became consuls. The latter remained in Italy, while 
Scipio had orders to leave for Sicily and Africa 
in order that, even if he should not capture Car- 
thage, he might at least in the meantime draw 
Hannibal away from Italy. But he received neither 
an army of any account nor any allowance for tri- 
remes, owing to the jealousy aroused by his prowess ; 
indeed, they scarcely supplied him with even the 
absolute necessities. He, then, set sail with the 
fleet of the allies and a few volunteers drawn from 
the populace ; and Mago left the island,! and after 
sailing along the coast, disembarked in Liguria. 
Crassus was in Bruttium keeping watch upon Hanni- 
bal. Philip, however, had become reconciled with the 
Romans ; for on ascertaining that Publius Sempronius 
had reached Apollonia with a large force he was glad 
to make peace. 

Scipio, the consul, landed in Sicily and made ready 
to sail to Africa, but he could not do so because 
he had not a complete force at his disposal, and 
what he had was undisciplined. Therefore he spent 
the entire winter there, drilling his followers and 
enrolling additional recruits. As he was on the 
point of making the passage, a message came to 


1 Balearis Minor ; see p. 221. 233 


B.C. 205 


B.C. 205 


61 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


“ / a 
τι τοῦ Πυθίου κελεύσαντος τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις 
lal / lal lal 
τῷ ἀρίστῳ TOV πολιτῶν ἐπιτρέψαι τὴν θεὸν 
\ lal 
τὴν ἐκ Lleotvodvtos κομιζομένην ἐς τὸ ἄστυ, 
/ cs / a lal an lol 
Πούπλιον Σκιπίωνα, παῖδα τοῦ Vvaiov τοῦ ἐν τῇ 
᾽ / / ’ 
Ἰβηρίᾳ τελευτήσαντος ὄντα, ἁπάντων προέκριναν 
\ / » δὲ 7 ” 1 \ 
καὶ προετίμησαν. ALTLOV O€ OTL ἄλλως TE*.. . καὶ 


Zonaras 9, 11. 
dia αὐτῷ ἐκ Ῥηγίου ἧκε τὴν πόλιν τὴν τῶν 
Λοκρῶν τινας προδώσειν. τοῦ γὰρ φρουράρχου 
καταβοήσαντες καὶ μηδεμιᾶς ἐκδικίας παρὰ τοῦ 
᾿Αννίβου τυχόντες πρὸς τοὺς Ῥωμαίους ἀπέκλι- 
ναν. δύναμιν οὖν πέμψας ἐκεῖ, πολλὰ τῆς 
πόλεως νυκτὸς μετὰ τῶν προδιδόντων κατέλαβε. 
τῶν δὲ Ka ρχηδονίων εἰς τὴν ἄκραν συνειληθέντων 
καὶ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν μετακαλεσαμένων, κατὰ τάχος 
ἐξανήχθη καὶ ὁ Σκιπίων, καὶ πλησιάσαντα τῇ 
πόλει αἰφνιδίῳ ἐπεκδρομῇ ἀπεώσατο. εἶτα λαβὼν 
τὴν ἀκρόπολιν καὶ ἐπιτρέψας τὴν πᾶσαν πόλιν 
δύο χιλιάρχοις ἀνέπλευσεν. οὐκ ἠδυνήθη μέντοι 
τῇ Λιβύῃ προσπλεῦσαι. οὕτω δ᾽ οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι 
τὴν ὁρμὴν αὐτοῦ ἔδεισαν, ὥστε χρήματα μὲν 
τῷ Φιλίππῳ στεῖλαι, ἵν᾽ εἰς τὴν Ἰταλίαν στρα- 
τεύση, καὶ τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ καὶ σῖτον πέμψαι καὶ 
στρατιώτας, καὶ ναῦς τῷ Μάγωνι καὶ χρήματα, 
ἵνα τὸν Σκιπίωνα κωλύσῃ περαιωθῆναι. ἐκ δὲ 
σημείων τινῶν νίκην οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι λαμπρὰν ἐλπί- 
σαντες, τήν. τε ἐν τῇ Σικελίᾳ " στρατιὰν τῷ 
Σκιπίωνι καὶ δύναμιν ἄλλην ὡς ἂν ἐθελήσῃ κατα- 
λέξασθαί οἱ ἐπέτρεψαν. τῶν γὰρ ὑπάτων Μάρκον 


1 Lacuna recognized by St. 
2 Σικελίᾳ Cary, λιβύῃ Mss. Compare the reverse error on 
p. 232. For the facts see Appian, Lib. 7. 


234 


BOOK XVII 


The Pythian god had commanded the Romans to 
entrust to the best one of the citizens the conveyance 
to the city of the goddess from Pessinus, and they 
accordingly singled out and honoured above all others 
Publius Scipio,! son of the Gnaeus who had died in 
Spain. The reason was that he was in general . . . 


Zonaras 9, 11. 
him from Rhegium that some men were going to 
betray the city of Locri. For after denouncing 
the commander of the garrison and obtaining no 
satisfaction from Hannibal, they now favoured 
the Romans. Scipio accordingly sent a force there, 
and with the aid of the conspirators seized many 
parts of the city during the night. The Car- 
thaginians were cooped up in the citadel and 
sent for Hannibal, whereupon Scipio also set sail 
in haste, and by a sudden sally repulsed Hanni- 
bal when the latter had come close to the city. 
Then he captured the citadel, and after entrusting 
the entire city to the care of two tribunes, sailed 
back again. He was unable, however, to sail to 
Africa. The Carthaginians so dreaded his approach 
that they sent money to Philip to induce him to 
make a campaign against Italy, and sent grain and 
soldiers to Hannibal, and ships and money to Mago 
so that he might prevent Scipio from crossing. 
And the Romans, led by certain portents to expect a 
brilliant victory, entrusted to Scipio the army that 
was in Sicily, and gave him permission to enroll as 
large an additional force as he pleased. As for the 


1 Publius Scipio Nasica. ᾽ 


235 


B.C. 204 


B.C, 204 


62 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


εὐσεβὴς καὶ δίκαιος ἐνομίζετο. ὃς ταύτην τότε 
ἐς τὴν πόλιν καὶ ἐς τὸ Παλάτιον μετὰ τῶν 
ἐπιφανεστάτων γυναικῶν aVvyyayev.—V. 47 (p. 
600). 

"Ore πυθόμενοι τὰ τὼν Λοκρῶν οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι, 
καὶ νομίσαντες αὐτὰ ὀλιγωρίᾳ τοῦ Σκιπίωνος 
συμβεβηκέναι, χαλεπῶς τε ἔφερον, καὶ ἐβουλεύ- 
σαντο εὐθὺς ὑπὸ ὀργῆς τῆς τε ἡγεμονίας αὐτὸν 
παῦσαι καὶ ἐπὶ δίκην ἀνακαλέσαι, προσπαρο- 


ξυνθέντες ὅτι τῇ τε Ἑλληνικῇ διαίτῃ ἐχρῆτο καὶ 


~ e / “ / 
OTL ἱμάτιον ἀνεβάλλετο, OTL TE ἐς παλαίστραν 


/ “ a , e 4 
παρέβαλλεν. OTL TE τοῖς" στρατιώταις ἁρπάζειν 
τὰ τῶν συμμάχων ἐπιτρέπειν ἐλέγετο, τόν τε 

a , 
πλοῦν Tov ἐπὶ Καρχηδόνα διατρίβειν ἐπίτηδες, 
ὅπως ἐπὶ πλεῖον ἄρξειεν, ὑπωπτεύετο, μέγιστον 

7 > / “ > 5 > a Θ ,ὔ 
δέ, ἐναγόντων τῶν am ἀρχῆς οἱ φθονούντων, 
a \ 
μεταπέμψασθαι αὐτὸν ἤθελον. καὶ τοῦτο μὲν 
fal » “ \ \ 
διὰ TO πλῆθος μεγάλην εὔνοιαν αὐτοῦ πρὸς τὰς 
ἐλπίδας ἔχον οὐκ ἐγένετο . . .—V. 48 (p. 606). 


Zonaras 9, 11-12. 
μὲν Κέθηγον τῷ Μάγωνι, Πούπλιον δὲ Σεμπρώ- 
Lain τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ ἀντέταξαν. 

. Οἱ δέ γε Καρχηδόνιοι δείσαντες τὸν Μασι- 
νίσσαν μὴ Σκιπίωνι πρόσθηται, ἔπεισαν τὸν 
Σύφακα τὴν ἀρχὴν αὐτῷ ἀποδοῦναι, ὡς καὶ αὖθις 
αὐτὴν ἀνακτησόμενον. ὁ οὖν Μασινίσσας ὑπώ- 
236 ἡ 


BOOK XVII 


and was esteemed both pious and just. He, therefore, 
at this time, accompanied by the most prominent 
women, conducted the goddess into the city and to 
the Palatine. 

The Romans, learning of the treatment of the 
Locrians, and thinking it had been due to Scipio’s 
negligence, were indignant, and in their anger imme- 
diately planned to remove him from his command and 
to recall him for trial. They were further exaspe- 
rated because he adopted Greek manners, wore his 
toga thrown back over his shoulder, and frequented 
the palaestra. Furthermore, he was said to be turn- 
ing over the property of the allies to the soldiers for 
plunder, and he was suspected of delaying his voyage 
to Carthage purposely in order that he might hold 
office for a longer time; but it was principally at the 
instigation of men who all along had heen jealous 
of him that they wished to summon him. This 
plan, however, was not carried out, because the 
populace, in view of their hopes, held him in great 
favour, ... 


Zonaras 9, 11-12. 


consuls, they opposed Marcus Cethegus to Mago, and 
Publius Sempronius to Hannibal. 

12. The Carthaginians, fearing that Masinissa 
would join Scipio, persuaded Syphax to restore to 
him his domain ; for they gave him to understand 
that he should get it back again. Masinissa was sus- 


2541] 


63 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTCRY 

... | σχόντες στρατόπεδόν te ἐν ἐπιτηδείῳ 
ἐποιήσαντο, καὶ πᾶν αὐτὸ σταυρώμασι περιέ- 
φραξαν, χάρακας ἐπ᾽ αὐτὸ τοῦτ᾽ ἐνεγκάμενοι. 
ἄρτι τε κατεσκεύαστο, καὶ δράκων παρ᾽ αὐτὸ 
μέγας διὰ τῆς ἐπὶ τὴν Καρχηδόνα φερούσης ὁδοῦ 
παρείρπυσεν, ὥστε καὶ ἐκ τούτου τὸν Σκιπίωνα 
κατὰ τὴν περὶ τοῦ γονέως αὐτοῦ φήμην ἐπι- 
θαρσήσαντα προθυμότερον τήν τε χώραν πορθῆ- 

Zonaras 9, 12. 

πτευε μὲν TO πραττόμενον, κατηλλάγη δὲ δῆθεν, 
ἵνα πιστὸς νομισθεὶς μέγα τι σφῆλαι αὐτοὺς 
δυνηθῇ: μᾶλλον γὰρ ὑπὲρ τῆς Σοφωνίδος ἢ τῆς 
βασιλείας ὠργίξετο. διὸ καὶ τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις 
προσέκειτο, ὑποκρινόμενος, τὰ τῶν Καρχηδονίων 
αἱρεῖσθαι. ὁ ὁ δέ γε Σύφαξ τὰ τῶν Διβύων πράττων 
ἐπλάττετο Ῥωμαίοις ἔνσπονδος εἶναι, καὶ στείλας 
πρὸς τὸν Σκιπίωνα παρήνει μὴ ποιήσασθαι τὴν 
διάβασιν. ἀκούσας δὲ ταῦτα δι’ ἀπορρήτων ὁ 
Σκιπίων, ἵνα μὴ γνῶσιν οἱ στρατιῶται, τόν 
τε κήρυκα αὐθημερὸν ἀπέπεμψε μηδενὶ ἄλλῳ 
προσομιλήσαντα, καὶ τὸ στράτευμα συγκαλέσας 
ἐπέσπευδε “τὴν διάβασιν, ἔτι τοὺς Καρχηδονίους 
ἀπαρασκεύους λέγων εἶναι, καὶ πρότερον μὲν 
τὸν Μασινίσσαν, τότε δὲ καὶ τὸν Σύφακα μετα- 
καλεῖσθαι αὐτοὺς καὶ χρονίζουσιν ἐγκαλεῖν. 
ταῦτα εἰπὼν μηδὲν ἔτι μελλήσας ἐξανήχθη: καὶ 
πρὸς τὸ ἀκρωτήριον τὸ καλούμενον ᾿Απολλώνιον 
προσορμίσας τὰς ναῦς ἐστρατοπεδεύσατο καὶ 
τὴν χώραν ἐπόρθει, προσέμισγέ τε ταῖς πόλεσι 

1 ΤῊ this and the following fragments from the Paris Ms. 


the text adopted is that of Bs., except where the contrary is 
stated. Many words and some whole lines are illegible, and 


238 


BOOK XVII 


. they landed and pitched their camp in a 
suitable place, fencing it round about with pali- 
sades, since they had brought along stakes for this 
very purpose. It had just been finished when a 
great serpent came gliding along beside it on the 
road leading to Carthage. Scipio, owing to the 
tradition about his father, felt encouraged by this 
portent, and with renewed zeal devastated the 


Zonaras 9, 12. 
picious of the transaction, yet pretended to be recon- 
ciled, in order to win the confidence of the Cartha- 
ginians and so be able to bring some great disaster 
upon them. For he was more enraged over Sophonisba 
than over the kingdom, and consequently was devoting 
himself to the Roman interests while affecting to be 
for the Carthaginians. Syphax, on the other hand, 
though working for the African cause, professed to be 
in alliance with the Romans, and sent to Scipio, warn- 
ing him against crossing over. Scipio learned this 
as a piece of secret information, and to prevent the 
knowledge of it from reaching the soldiers, he sent 
the herald back at once before he had time to 
talk with anybody else. Then he called together the 
army and hastened forward the preparations for 
crossing ; he declared that the Carthaginians were 
still unprepared, and that first Masinissa, and now 
Syphax, was calling for them and upbraiding them for 
lingering. After this speech he set sail without further 
delay; and bringing his ships to anchor near the cape 
called the Cape of Apollo, he encamped and proceeded 
to devastate the country and make assaults upon the 


the restorations of Haase, Gros, Bs., and others are often 
widely divergent. 


239 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


64 σαι καὶ ταῖς πόλεσι προσμῖξαι. καί τινας Kal 
᾽ a “ / / 
εἷλεν αὐτῶν' οἵ τε Καρχηδόνιοι μηδέπω . . . παρ- 
/ « 4 \ ς 4 ’ / 
εσκευασμένοι ἡσύχαζον, καὶ ὁ Σύφαξ ὀνόματι 
\ , > “ 3 a δὲ ” ᾽ / « / 
μὲν φίλος αὐτῶν ἣν, τῷ δὲ ἔργῳ ἐκ μέσου εἱστήκει" 
Ν \ / a 
καὶ yap πρὸς τὸν Σκιπίωνα καταλλαγὰς αὐτοῖς 
/ 
πρυτανεύειν ἐβούλετο, κρατήσαντας τοὺς ἑτέρους 
τῶν τε ἑτέρων ἂν ἅμα καὶ ἑαυτοῦ δεσπότας 
/ / \ > / “ / 
γενέσθαι νομίζων καὶ ἀντιπάλους ὅτε μάλιστα 
65 ἀλλήλοις ὄντας ἐλπίζων διαλλάξειν. ἐγκειμένου 
5 an / ἴω / « «ς 
δ᾽ οὖν τῇ χώρῳ τοῦ Σκιπίωνος ὁ Αννων ὁ 
> \ aA Θ᾽ “ 
ἵππαρχος (ἣν δὲ υἱὸς τοῦ ᾿Ασδρούβου τοῦ 1 ἴσ- 


γωνος) 6.&.. εἰνος μὲν τὸν. ... OvueoT... 
ἀνεπείσθη πρὸς τοῦ Macwiccov.... χω... 
Καρχηδονίοις. . . . ν πολεμικῶν of . . plas ἐν 
T.... Ve... €. hb... oW €MLoTEVETO' KAK 


τούτου προπέμψας ὁ Σκιπίων ὑππέας τινὰς ἐκ 
τῆς συμβουλίας τῆς τοῦ Μασινίσσου ἐνήδρευσεν 
ἐς χωρία ἐπιτήδεια ἐς λείαν ὄντα, ἵνα καταδρομὴν 
ποιούμενοι ὑποφεύγωσι καὶ ἐπισπῶνται τοὺς 
66 ἐπιδιῶξαί σφας ἐθελήσοντας. γενομένου δὲ τούτου 
Zonaras 9, 12. 
καὶ εἷλέ τινας. ἐγκειμένων δὲ τῶν Ῥωμαίων 
τῇ χώρᾳ, “Avvwv ὁ ἵππαρχος, υἱὸς ὧν τοῦ 
᾿Ασδρούβου τοῦ Πίσγωνος, ἀνεπείσθη πρὸς τοῦ 
Μασινίσσου ἐπιθέσθαι αὐτοῖς. ὁ οὖν Σκιπίων 
ἱππέας πέμψας τινὰς χωρία πρὸς καταδρομὴν 
ἐπιτήδεια ἐληίζετο, ἵν᾽ ὑποφεύγοντες ἐπισπά- 
σωνται τοὺς ἐπιδιώκοντας. τῶν οὖν Καρχηδονίων 


1 @ami(wy διαλλάξειν Cary, ἐθέλων διαλλάξαι Bs., ε... 
240 5..AA... Ms. 


BOOK XVII 


country and made assaults upon the cities, some of 
which he succeeded in capturing. As for the Car- 
thaginians, not being as yet... prepared, they re- 
mained quiet. Syphax was nominally their friend, but, 
as a matter of fact, was remaining neutral ; for he was 
desirous of securing peace for the Carthaginians with ᾿ 
Scipio, anticipating, as he did, that the victory of 
either side would make it the master not only of 
the other power but of himself as well, and hopeful 
that he could reconcile them in spite of their in- 
tense rivalry. Now since Scipio was harrying the 
country, Hanno, the cavalry commander, the son of 
Hasdrubal, the son of Gisgo,... was persuaded by 
Masinissa ... to the Carthaginians ... warlike... 
was believed ; and, therefore, Scipio, sending forward 
some horsemen on the advice of Masinissa, laid an 
ambush in a region suitable for securing booty, in 
order that they might make a raid, and then, by 
simulating flight, draw on those who were willing to 
pursue them. This was exactly what happened : 


Zonaras 9, 12. 


cities, some of which he captured. But while the 
Romans were harrying the country, Hanno, the 
cavalry commander, the son of Hasdrubal, the son of 
Gisgo, was persuaded by Masinissa to attack them. 
Scipio, accordingly, sent some horsemen and was 
plundering some districts that were easy to raid, in 
order that his men by simulating flight might draw 
the enemy in pursuit. So when they turned to flee, 


241 
VOL. II. R 


DIO’'S ROMAN HISTORY 


4 r / by U > / 
τῶν Καρχηδονίων ἐπεξελθόντων τε ἐκείνοις 
\ 
καὶ Ov ὀλίγου κατὰ TO συγκείμενον τραπομένοις 


~- 


Ka 


ava κράτος ἐπισπομένων, 6 τε Μασινίσσας μετὰ 
an ᾽ > , \ e / id \ \ ΄ 
τῶν ἀμφ αὐτὸν ἱππέων ὑπολειφθεὶς κατὰ νώτου 
an e / 
τοῖς διώκουσιν ἐγένετο, Kal ὁ Σκιπίων ἐξαναστὰς 
al / lal 7 
ἐκ τοῦ λόχου ἐπιὼν ἀπήντησεν αὐτοῖς, ὥστ᾽ 
/ / an 
ἀμφιβόλους δίχα ἀποληφθέντας καὶ ἀποθανεῖν 
a \ 
πολλοὺς Kal ἁλῶναι ... ὃ. ε΄. Kal τὸν "Αννωνα. 
. a \ a 
67 πυθόμενος δὲ τοῦτο ὁ ᾿Ασδρούβας THY μητέρα τοῦ 
/ - 
Μασινίσσου συνέλαβε. καὶ ἐκεῖνοι μὲν ἀνταπ- 
/ ς ΄, 3 \ ς 
εδόθησαν: ὁ δὲ δὴ Σύφαξ εὖ τε εἰδὼς ὅτι ὁ 
Μασινίσσας οὐ Καρχηδονίοις μᾶλλόν τι ἢ καὶ 
> a / \ \ \ > > / 
αὐτῷ πολεμήσει, Kal φοβηθεὶς μὴ ἐν ἐρημίᾳ 
συμμάχων, ἄν τι ἐκεῖνοι ἐγκαταλειφέντες ὑπ᾽ 
ἴω / \ 
αὐτοῦ πάθωσι, γένηται, τήν TE προσποίητον πρὸς 
\ ς / / > lal ἈΝ al 
τοὺς Ῥωμαίους φιλίαν ἀπεῖπε καὶ τοῖς Kapyn- 
an / n 
68 δονίοις φανερῶς συνήρετο' ov μέντοι ye καθαρῶς, 
“ a | / / > \ > a > a 
ὥστε Kal ἀνθίστασθαί σφισιν, ἀλλὰ ἀδεῶς ἐκεῖνοι 
Zonaras 9, 12. 
ἐπισπομένων αὐτοῖς κατὰ τὰ ξυγκείμενα τραπο- 
\ / 
μένοις, ὁ Μασινίσσας τε κατὰ νώτου γενόμενος 
μετὰ τῶν ἀμφ᾽ αὐτὸν ἐπέθετο τοῖς διώκουσι, 
a / 
καὶ ὁ Σκιπίων ἐκ TOU λόχου ἐπεκδραμὼν προσέ- 
μιξεν αὐτοῖς. καὶ πολλοὶ μὲν ἐφθάρησαν, πολλοὶ 
Ἂς , \ ¢ 
δὲ καὶ ἑάλωσαν καὶ ὁ “Avywy αὐτός. διὸ ὁ 
᾿Ασδρούβας τὴν μητέρα τοῦ Μασινίσσου συν- 
ἔλαβε: καὶ ἀνταπεδόθησαν. ὁ δὲ Σύφαξ τῆς 
πρὸς “Ρωμαίους φιλίας τὴν δόκησιν ἀπειπὼν 
φανερῶς τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις συνήρετο. οἱ δὲ 


242 


BOOK XVII 


the Carthaginians attacked them, and when the others 
in a little while turned to flight, according to agree- 
ment, they pursued at full speed; then Masinissa, 
lagging behind with his attendant cavalry, got in the 
rear of the pursuers, and Scipio rose up from ambush 
and advanced to meet them. Thus they were 
surrounded and attacked from both sides, with the 
result that many were killed and many captured, 
including Hanno. On learning of this, Hasdrubal 
arrested the mother of Masinissa; and these two 
. captives were exchanged. Syphax now, being well 
aware that Masinissa would war against him no less 
than against the Carthaginians, and fearing that he 
might find himself bereft of allies if they suffered 
any harm through his desertion of their cause, re- 
nounced his pretended friendship for the Romans and 
openly assisted the Carthaginians. He failed, how- 
ever, to render them whole-hearted assistance, to 


Zonaras 9, 12. 
according to arrangement, and the Carthaginians 
followed them up, Masinissa with his companions got 
in the rear of the pursuers and attacked them, while 
Scipio rushed out from his ambush and joined battle 
with them. Thus many perished, and many also 
were captured, among them Hanno himself. There- 
fore Hasdrubal arrested the mother of Masinissa, 
and the two captives were exchanged. Syphax now 
renounced even the appearance of friendship for 
the Romans and openly assisted the Carthaginians. 


243 
(oy 


ΠΟΘ. ROMAN HISTORY 


καταθέοντες λείαν τε πολλὴν ἦγον καὶ συχνοὺς 
lal > a > / c \ ΚΝ, 8 / / 
τῶν ἐκ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας ὑπὸ τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου πρότερον 
\ 4 / / 
ἐς τὴν Διβύην πεμφθέντων ἐκομίσαντο, καταφρο- 
n \ n 
νήσαντές Te αὐτῶν διὰ ταῦτα Kal ἐπὶ τὴν Οὐτίκην 


9 an 
69 ἐπεστράτευσαν. ἰδόντες οὖν τοῦτο 6 Te Σύφαξ 


70 


€ lal 

καὶ ὁ AadpovBas καὶ δείσαντες περὶ αὐτῇ, οὐκέτ᾽ 
ἐκαρτέρησαν, ἀλλ’ ἀντεπελθόντες ἔλυσαν τὴν 
πολιορκίαν, μὴ τολμησάντων αὐτῶν καὶ πρὸς 
ἀμφοτέρους ἅμα ἀγωνίσασθαι. καὶ οἱ μὲν ἐκ 
τούτου κατὰ χώραν ἐχείμασαν, τὰ ἐπιτήδεια τὰ 
μὲν αὐτόθεν λαμβάνοντες, τὰ δὲ ἐκ τῆς Σικελίας ᾿ 
a na / an 
τῆς Te Σαρδοῦς μεταπεμπόμενοι: αἱ yap νῆέῤς 
σφισιν αἱ τὰ λάφυρα ἐς τὴν Σικελίαν ἄγουσαι 
καὶ τροφὴν ἂν ἐπῆγον. 

> δὲ a? / Ἂ \ ¥ \ 3 Ψ 

Ἐν. δὲ τῇ ᾿Ιταλίᾳ κατὰ μὲν τὸν πρὸς Ἀννίβαν 
/ “τὸν , > / ΄ \ 
πόλεμον. οὐδὲν μέγα ἐπράχθη, Llovmduos yap 

, / 
Σεμπρώνιος μάχῃ Twi βραχείᾳ νικηθεὶς ὑπὸ 
ἘΣ a / ᾽ / > a ς x \ 
τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου ἀντεπεκράτησεν αὐτοῦ, ὁ δὲ δὴ 
4 a 
Alovios καὶ ὁ Νέρων τιμητεύσαντες τοῖς τε 
a a / 

Λατίνοις τοῖς προλιποῦσι τὴν συστρατείαν Kal 
διπλοῦν ἀποδιδόναι πλῆθος τῶν στρατιωτῶν 


Zonaras 9, 12. 


Ῥωμαῖοι καὶ ἐληίξοντο τὴν χώραν, καὶ συχνοὺς 
τῶν ἐκ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας ὑπὸ τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου πρὸς τὴν 
Λιβύην. πεμφθέντων ἀνεκομίσαντο, καὶ κατὰ 
χώραν ἐχείμασαν. 


244 


BOOK XVII 


the point of actually resisting the Romans, and the 
latter overran the country with impunity, carrying 
off much plunder and recovering many prisoners from 
Italy who had previously been sent to Africa by 
Hannibal ; consequently they scorned their foes and 
began a campaign against Utica. When Syphax and 
Hasdrubal saw this, they so feared for the safety of 
the place that they no longer remained passive, but 
took the aggressive in their turn and raised the siege ; 
for the Romans did not dare to contend against 
both leaders at the same time. Thereupon the 
invaders went into winter quarters where they were, 
getting some of their provisions from the immediate 
neighbourhood and sending for some from Sicily and 
Sardinia; for the ships that carried the spoils to 
Sicily would also bring them food supplies. 

In Italy nothing important was accomplished in 
the war against Hannibal; for though Publius Sem- 
pronius was defeated by Hannibal in a trivial battle, 
he later won a victory over him. Livius and Nero, 
however, as censors, directed those Latins who had 
abandoned their military service and had now been 
commanded to furnish a double quota of soldiers, to 


Zonaras 9, 12. 
And the Romans both plundered the country and 
recovered many prisoners from Italy who had been 
sent to Africa by Hannibal; and they went into 
winter quarters where they were. 


245 


71 


72 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


a / \ 
προσταχθεῖσι διδόναι ἀπογραφὰς ἐπήγγειλαν, 
ὅπως καὶ ἄλλοι χρήματά σφισι συνεσφέρωσι, 
καὶ τοὺς ἅλας ἀτελεῖς μέχρι τότε ὄντας ὑπο- 
τελεῖς ἐποίησαν" τοῦτο δὲ οὐκ ἄλλως ἔλεξα, ἀλλ᾽ 
“ «ς / »” / ve. » / \ 
ott ὁ Atovios ἔπραξέ τε αὐτὸ ἀμυνόμενος τοὺς 
/ a! Δ a / Avy pO οὐ ) ? 
πολίτας ἐπὶ TH καταψηφίσει, καὶ ἐπίκλησιν ἀπ 
αὐτοῦ ἔλαβε: Σαλινάτωρ γὰρ ἐπωνομάσθη. διά 
τε οὖν τοῦτο περιβόητοι οἱ τιμηταὶ οὗτοι ἐγένοντο, 
\ “ > / lal “ / 
καὶ OTL τε ἀλλήλους τῶν TE ἵππων παρείχοντο 
/ / / 
Kal aipaptous ἐποίησαν... όντες κατὰ τὴν. .. 
P. 2 (pp. 460 sq.). 
/ ¢ / lal / “ 
Ὅτε ὁ Σκιπίων ναῦν Καρχηδονίαν λαβὼν ἀφῆκε 
\ 2 / > \ UN / \ | ἘΡᾺ 
μηδὲν ἀδικήσας, ἐπειδὴ ἐπὶ πρεσβείᾳ πρὸς αὐτὸν 
Ε a 5 / ” \ \ 5x4 ey a 
ἀφικνεῖσθαι ἐπλάσαντο' ἤδει μὲν γὰρ OTL ἐπὶ TH 
τῶν ἑαλωκότων σωτηρίᾳ προεφασίσθη, προετίμησε 
\ a / , #8 \ ae a a , 
δὲ τῆς καθέξεως αὐτῶν TO μηδ᾽ ὁτιοῦν διαβληθῆναί 
Zonaras 9, 12. 
a / of. 
Mera δὲ ταῦτα Τναίου Σκιπίωνος καὶ Taiou 
vA / 
Σερουιλίου ὑπατευσάντων οἵ τε Καρχηδόνιοι 
A ΄ a , 
ἐλαττωθέντες τῷ πολέμῳ συμβῆναι ἠθέλησαν, 
\ ¢ > / \ ς / 5 a ᾽ / 
καὶ ὁ ᾿Αννίβας καὶ ὁ Μάγων ἐκ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας 
5“. 7 ς \ \ e/ a 3 / \ 
ἐξέπεσον. of μὲν yap ὕπατοι τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ καὶ 
na / / 
τῷ Μάγωνι ἀντικαθίσταντο, Σκιπίων δὲ τήν τε 
if 3 ΄ \ a / / 
Λιβύην éxaxov καὶ ταῖς πόλεσι προσέβαλλε. 
nA / \ a 
κἀν τούτῳ ναῦν Καρχηδονίαν λαβὼν ἀφῆκεν, 
> \ \ > \ > \ / > a > / 
ἐπεὶ πρὸς αὐτὸν ἐπὶ πρεσβείᾳ ἀφικνεῖσθαι ἐπλά- 
> , / 
σαντο. moet μὲν yap TO πλάσμα, προετίμησε 


246 


BOOK XVII 


deliver up their registers, so that still others might 
contribute money ; and they put a tax on salt, which 
up to that time had been free of tax. I have men- 
tioned this measure with a special purpose, since Livius 
designed it to avenge himself upon the citizens for 
their vote of condemnation ; and he received a nick- 
name from it, for he was now called Salinator.! 
This was one act that caused these censors to become 
famous ; another was that they deprived each other 
of their horses and made each other aeraru? . . 
according to the... 

Scipio captured a Carthaginian vessel, but released 
it without inflicting any injury, since those on board 
pretended to be coming to him on an embassy. 
He knew, to be sure, that this was a pretext invented 
to secure the safety of the captives, but preferred 


‘ Zonaras 9, 12. 

After this, when Gnaeus Scipio and Gaius Ser- 
vilius had become consuls, the Carthaginians, having 
got the worst of it in the war, desired to arrange 
terms of peace; and Hannibal and Mago were 
driven out of Italy. For the consuls had made a 
stand against Hannibal and Mago, and Scipio was 
ravaging Africa and assailing the cities. Meanwhile 
he captured a Carthaginian vessel, but released it 
when those on board pretended to be coming to him 
on an embassy. He recognised the deception, to 
be sure, but preferred to avoid the reproach of 

1 Salinator = ‘‘ salt-dealer.” 

® Citizens of the lowest class, who paid only a poll-tax and 
had no vote, 

247 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


πως δυνάμενον ποιῆσαι. τοῦ τε Σύφακος καὶ 
, Μ ͵ ᾽ \ 4 ν, ’ὔ 
τότε ἔτι συναλλάττοντος αὐτοὺς ὡς τὸν Σκιπίωνα 
ἐκ τῆς Λιβύης καὶ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν ἐκ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας 
> n 2/7 \ / > “ δ δ’ Τα 7 
ἀπᾶραι, ἐδέξατο τὸν λόγον, οὐχ ὅτι καὶ ἐπίστευέν 
οἱ, ἀλλ᾽ ἵνα αὐτὸν σφήλῃ.---Ν. 49 (p. 606). 
Zonaras 9, 12. 


δὲ τὸ μὴ διαβληθῆναι ὡς πρέσβεις κατεσχηκώς. 
καὶ τοῦ Σύφακος πράττοντος ἔτι διαλλαγάς, 
ὥστε ἐκ τῆς Λιβύης μὲν τὸν Σκιπίωνα, τὸν δ᾽ 
᾿Αννίβαν ἐκ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας ἀπᾶραι, ἐδέξατο τὸν 
λόγον, οὐχ ὡς πιστεύων αὐτῷ, ἵνα δὲ σφήλῃ 
αὐτόν. τῶν γὰρ στρατιωτῶν ἄλλοτε ἄλλους 
κατὰ τὴν τῶν σπονδῶν πρόφασιν ἐς τὸ στρατό- 
πεδον τὸ τῶν Καρχηδονίων πέμπων καὶ τὸ τοῦ 
Σύφακος, ἐπεὶ ἐκεῖνοι πάντα τὰ map αὐτοῖς 
κατεσκέψαντο, τὴν σύμβασιν ἀπ᾿ εὐλόγου δή 
τίνος σκήψεως, ἄλλως τε καὶ ὅτι ὁ Σύφαξ ἐπι- 
βουλεύων ἐφωράθη τῷ Μασινίσσᾳ, διεκρούσατο. 
νυκτὸς δ᾽ ἦλθεν εἰς τὰ στρατόπεδα αὐτῶν οὐ 
πάνυ ἀλλήλων διέχοντα, καὶ πῦρ ἐς τὸ τοῦ 
᾿Ασδρούβου πολλαχόθεν. ἅμα ὑπέβαλε. καὶ ἐμ- 
πρησθέντος ῥᾷστα αὐτοῦ (ἐκ γὰρ καλάμης καὶ 
ἐκ φυλλάδων ἐπεποίηντο αὐτοῖς αἱ oKnvat), οἵ 
τε Καρχηδόνιοι κακῶς ἀπήλλαξαν, καὶ οἱ περὶ 
τὸν Σύφακα βοηθῆσαι αὐτοῖς ἐθελήσαντες τοῖς 
τε Ῥωμαίοις τοῖς περιέχουσι περιέπεσον, καὶ 
αὐτοὶ ἀπώλοντο, καὶ τὸ στρατόπεδον προσενε- 
πρήσθη αὐτῶν, καὶ ἐφθάρησαν πολλοὶ καὶ ἵπποι 
καὶ ἄνθρωποι. οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι δὲ ταῦτα πεποιηκότες 
νυκτὸς μὲν οὐδὲν ἔπαθον, ἡμέρας δ᾽ ἐπιφαυσάσης 
248 


« αν 


7 Eee ee ee ee ee ὦ σὺν. 


BOOK XVII 


avoiding any possibility of reproach to retaining them. 
Also, when Syphax still endeavoured at that time to 
reconcile them, on the condition that Scipio should 
depart from Africa and Hannibal from Italy, he 
listened to his proposal, not because he really trusted 
him, but with the purpose of outwitting him. 


Zonaras 9, 12. 


having detained envoys. And when Syphax still en- 
deavoured to effect a reconciliation, on the condition 
that Scipio should depart from Africa and Hanni- 
bal from Italy, he listened to his proposal, not 
because he trusted him, but with the purpose of 
outwitting him. For on the excuse afforded by 
the truce he sent various soldiers at various times 
into the Carthaginian camp and into that of 
Syphax; and when they had carefully inspected 
everything on the other side, he rejected the 
treaty, on a plausible pretext, of course, which was 
the more readily found because Syphax had been 
detected in a plot against Masinissa. And at night 
he proceeded to their camps, which were not very 
far apart, and secretly set fire to that of Hasdrubal 
at many points simultaneously. It rapidly blazed 
up, since they had constructed their shelters of 
straw and branches; and the Carthaginians fared 
badly. The followers of Syphax, too, in attempting 
to aid them encountered the Romans who hemmed 
in the place, and so perished, while their camp 
was set on fire, and many men and horses perished. 
The Romans, after accomplishing this, escaped injury 
during the rest of the night, but when day had 


249 


DIO’'S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 12. 
v ” / an ee / / 
Ιβηρες ἄρτι Καρχηδονίοις ἐπὶ συμμαχίᾳ ἐλθόντες 
προσέπεσον αὐτοῖς ἀπροσδόκητοι καὶ πολλοὺς 
ἀπέκτειναν. 
\ ai. 3 
Kv@vs οὖν ᾿Ασδρούβας μὲν eis τὴν Καρχηδόνα, 
< / be 7 ὃ b) / ς δέ > / 
Σύφαξ δὲ οἴκαδε ἀπεχώρησεν. ὁ δέ ye Σκιπίων 
+3 / \ \ M / \ / > / 
Σύφακι μὲν τὸν Μασινίσσαν καὶ Vaov ἀντέταξε 
, Ν ᾽ \ 
Λαΐλιον, αὐτὸς δ᾽ ἐπὶ τοὺς Kapyndovious ἤλασεν. 
{ δ᾽ Ss K δό \ \ ” al ¢ 
οἱ ὃ αὖ Καρχηδόνιοι πρὸς τὸ ἔρυμα τῶν Ῥω- 
/ Ξε / “ 
μαίων, ᾧ χειμαδίῳ ἐχρῶντο καὶ ἐς ὃ ἀπετίθεντο 
πάντα, ναῦς ἔπεμψαν, ἵνα ἢ αὐτὸ αἱρήσωσιν ἢ 
ἀφ᾽ ἑαυτῶν ἀπάξωσι τὸν Σκιπίωνα. καὶ ἔσχεν 
\ Ν / 
οὕτως" μαθὼν yap TO γινόμενον ἀπανέστη, Kal 
> \ \ \ / \ a 
ἐπειχθεὶς πρὸς τὸν ναύσταθμον διὰ φυλακῆς 
αὐτὸν ἐποιήσατο. καὶ τῇ μὲν πρώτῃ ἡμέρᾳ 
\ / an 
ῥᾳδίως τοὺς προσμίξαντας αὐτοῖς ἀπεώσαντο οἱ 
¢ A lol ’ ς / \ » , 
Ῥωμαῖοι, τῇ δ᾽ ὑστεραίᾳ πολὺ ἠλαττώθησαν' 
al Ma an ς 7 A Qn 
καὶ ναῦς yap τῶν Ῥωμαίων χειρῶν σιδηρῶν ἐπι- 
βολῇ ἀπέσπασαν. ἀποβῆναι δ᾽ ἐς τὴν γῆν οὐκ 
7 » 
ἐτόλμησαν, ἀλλ᾽ ἀναπλεύσαντες οἴκαδε τὸν ᾿Ασ- 
/ 
dpovBav ἀπεχειροτόνησαν, Avvwva δέ τινα ἀνθ- 
5 7 Yj \ 
εἴλοντο. κἀκ τούτου Avy@y μὲν στρατηγὸς ἣν, 
ἐκεῖνος δὲ καθ᾽ ἑαυτὸν δούλους τινὰς καὶ αὐτο- 
; a / 
μόλους παραλαβὼν δύναμιν οὐκ ἀσθενῆ συνεκρό- 
τησε, καί τινας τῶν ᾿Ιβήρων τῶν συστρατευομένων 
Ὁ , 
TO Σκιπίωνι κρύφα ἀναπείσας ἐπεχείρησε νυκτὸς 
ἐπιβουλεῦσαι τῷ στρατοπέδῳ αὐτοῦ. κἂν ἐξειρ- 
Χ / 
γάσατό τι, εἰ μὴ οἵ τε μάντεις ὑπὸ ὀρνίθων 
na / 
ἐκταραχθέντες καὶ ἡ τοῦ Μασινίσσου μήτηρ 
an , 
θειάσασα ζήτησιν αὐτῶν γενέσθαι ἐποίησαν. Kai 
250 


, 


νι νυν... 


BOOK XVII 


Zonaras 9, 12. 


dawned, some Spaniards who had just arrived as 
Carthaginian allies fell upon them unexpectedly 
and killed a large number. 

Hasdrubal accordingly retired at once to Carthage 
and Syphax to his own country. Scipio set Masinissa 
and Gaius Laelius to oppose Syphax, while he him- 
self marched against the Carthaginians. The latter 
in turn sent ships against the stronghold of the 
Romans, which they were using as winter quarters 
and as a storehouse for all their goods. They hoped 
either to capture it, or to draw Scipio away from 
themselves. And such was the result: as soon as 
he heard of their move, he withdrew and hurried 
to the harbour, which he placed under guard. Now 
on the first day the Romans easily repulsed their 
assailants, but on the next day they had decidedly 
the worst of the encounter; for the Carthaginians 
dragged off Roman ships by seizing them with 
grappling irons. They did not venture, however, 
to disembark, but sailed homewards, after which 
they superseded Hasdrubal, choosing ἃ certain 
Hanno in his place. From this time Hanno was the 
general, but his predecessor privately got hold of 
some slaves and deserters whom he welded together 
into a fairly strong force ; he then quietly persuaded 
some of the Spaniards who were serving in Scipio’s 
army to help him, and attempted one night to carry 
out a plot against the Roman’s camp. And he 
would indeed have accomplished something, had not 
the soothsayers, dismayed by the actions of birds, 
and the mother of Masinissa, through her pro- 
phetic utterances, caused the Spaniards to be 


251 


73 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ « a \ \ 
“Ore ἦλθον of Ῥωμαῖοι πρὸς τὸν Σκιπίωνα τά 
τε ἄλλα πολλὰ ἄγοντες καὶ τὸν Σύφακα. καὶ ὃς 
/ “ 
ἰδὼν αὐτὸν δεδεμένον οὐκ ἤνεγκεν, ἀλλὰ τῆς τε 
᾿ > lal / 4 \ \ ᾽ , 
παρ᾽ αὐτῷ Eevicews μνημονεύσας, καὶ τὰ ἀνθρώ- 


Tea παθήματα ἀναλογισάμενος, OTL τε βασιλέα 


Zonaras 9, 12-13. 

οἱ μὲν προκαταληφθέντες ἐκολάσθησαν, καὶ ὁ 
Σαιπίων αὖθις ἐπὶ τὴν Καρχηδόνα ἐστράτευσε 
καὶ τὴν γῆν αὐτῶν ἐδήου, 18. Σύφαξ δὲ ἐπολέμει 
τοῖς περὶ τὸν Λαίλιον. καὶ χρόνον τινὰ ἀντέσχεν" 
εἶτα ὑπερέσχον οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι, καὶ πολλοὺς μὲν ἐφό- 
νευσαν, πολλοὺς δὲ ἐζώγρησαν, καὶ τὸν Σύφακα 
εἷλον. καὶ τὴν Κίρταν τὰ βασίλεια αὐτοῦ παρέ- 
λαβον ἀμάχως, τοῖς ἔνδον δεδεμένον αὐτὸν ἐπι- 
δείξαντες. 

"Hy δ᾽ ἐκεῖ καὶ ἡ Σοφωνίς. καὶ πρὸς αὐτὴν ὁ 
Μασινίσσας εὐθὺς εἰσεπήδησε, καὶ περιλαβὼν 
αὐτήν “ ἔχω μὲν Σύφακα," εἶπε, “τὸν ἀφαρ- 
πάσαντά σε, ἔχω δὲ καὶ σέ. ἀλλὰ μὴ δέδεθι" 
οὐδὲ γὰρ αἰχμάλωτος “γέγονας, ἐμὲ σύμμαχον 
ἔχουσα. ταῦτ᾽ εἰπὼν ἔγημεν αὐτὴν παραχρῆμα 
προκαταλαβὼν τοὺς Ῥωμαίους, μή πως αὐτῆς 
ἁμάρτῃ γενομένης ἐν τοῖς λαφύροις. εἶτα καὶ τὰς 
ἄχλας πόλεις τοῦ Σύφακος προσεποιήσαντο. καὶ 
πρὸς τὸν Σκιπίωνα ἦλθον ἄγοντες τά τε λοιπὰ 
καὶ τὸν Σύφακα. καὶ "ὃς ἰδὼν αὐτὸν δεδεμένον 
οὐκ ἤνεγκεν, ἀλλὰ τῆς παρ᾽ αὐτῷ μνημονεύσας 
ξενίας καὶ τὰ ἀνθρώπεια ἀναλογισάμενος, ἀνεπή- 


252 


ellie 


ΓΟ 


——— 


antl 


BOOK XVII 


The Romans came to Scipio bringing Syphax him- 
self along with many spoils. Scipio could not endure 
to see him remain bound, but calling to mind his own 
entertainment at the other’s court, and reflecting on 
the instability of human affairs,—on the fact that the 
captive whom he now beheld in so pitiable a plight 


Zonaras 9, 12-13. 


examined. So the conspirators were apprehended 
in season and punished. Scipio again made a cam- 
paign against Carthage, and was engaged in devas- 
tating the country; (13) Syphax, meanwhile, was 
waging war upon the followers of Laelius and 
held out for some time, but eventually the Romans 
prevailed, slaughtered many, took many alive, and 
captured Syphax. They also acquired possession of 
Cirta, his palace, without a contest, by displaying to 
its defenders their king, now a prisoner. 

Now Sophonisba also was at this place. Masinissa 
at once rushed towards her, and embracing her, 
said: “I have Syphax, who stole you away. I 
have you also. But fear not: you have not become 
a captive, since you have in me an ally.” With 
these words he married her on the spot, thus 
anticipating any action on the part of the Romans, 
out of fear that he might somehow lose her, if she 
were reckoned among the spoil. Then they gained 
control of the rest of the cities of Syphax also. And 
they brought to Scipio along with the various spoils 
Syphax himself. Scipio could not endure to see him 
remain bound, but calling to mind his own entertain- 
ment at the other's court, and reflecting on the un- 


253 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


δυνάμεως ov σμικρᾶς καὶ ὅτι ἀξιοσπούδαστον 
καὶ ἑαυτῷ γενόμενον ἑώρα τότε οἰκτρῶς οὕτως" 
” > / \ > a / ἣν Ἂ» / 
ἔχοντα, ἀνεπήδησε μὲν ἐκ τοῦ δίφρου Kal ἔλυσέ 

» x \ , / \ ΕῚ / nw 
Te αὐτὸν καὶ ἐδεξιώσατο καὶ ἐν θεραπείᾳ πολλῇ 
ἦγε.---Ν. 50 (p. 606). 


Zonaras 9, 13. 

δησεν ἐκ τοῦ δίφρου ἔλυσέ τε αὐτὸν Kal ἐδεξι- 
σατο καὶ ἐντίμως Hye. καί ποτε ἤρετο “τί σοι 
δόξαν ἐπολέμησας ἡμῖν; ὁ δὲ ἑαυτόν τε σοφῶς 
ἐξητήσατο ἅμα καὶ τὸν Μασινίσσαν ἠμύνατο, 
εἰπὼν αἰτίαν αὐτῷ τὴν Σοφωνίδα γενέσθαι. τῷ 
γὰρ πατρὶ τῷ ᾿Ασδρούβᾳ χαριζομένην καταδῆσαι 
αὐτὸν μαγγανείαις, ὥστε καὶ ἄκοντα τὰ τῶν 
Καρχηδονίων πρᾶξαι. “ἀλλ᾽ ὅτι ὑπὸ γυναικὸς 
ἠπάτημαι, ἀξίαν ἔδωκα δίκην: ἔχω δ᾽ οὖν τι ἐν 
κακοῖς παραμύθιον, ὅτε ὁ Μασινίσσας αὐτὴν 
ἔγημε: πάντως γὰρ καὶ ἐκεῖνον ὁμοίως διολέσει." 

‘O δὲ Σκιπίων ὑποπτεύσας ταῦτα περὶ τοῦ 
Μασινίσσου, ἐκάλεσέ τε αὐτὸν καὶ ἠτιάσατο, ὅτι 
γυναῖκα πολεμίαν καὶ αἰχμάλωτον ἄνευ τῆς 
αὐτοῦ γνώμης οὕτω ταχέως ἔγημε, καὶ παρα- 
δοῦναι τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις αὐτὴν ἐκέλευσεν. ὁ δὲ 
περιαλγήσας μέν, εἰσπηδήσας δ᾽ εἰς τὴν σκηνὴν 
ἔφη τῇ Σοφωνίδι “ei μὲν οἷός τ᾽ ἣν τῷ ἑαυτοῦ 
θανάτῳ ἐλευθέραν φυλάξαι σε καὶ ἀνύβριστον, 
προθύμως ἄν σου ὑπεραπέθανον" ἐπεὶ δὲ τοῦτο 
ἀδύνατον, προπέμπω σε ἔνθα κἀγὼ καὶ ἅπαντες 
ἀφιξόμεθα." καὶ ταῦτα εἰπὼν φάρμακον αὐτῇ 
ὦρεξεν. ἡ δὲ οὔτ᾽ ἀνωλοφύρατο οὔτ᾽ ἐστέναξεν, 
ἀλλὰ καὶ πάνυ oe “ εἰ τοῦτό σοι," ἔφη, “ ἄνερ, 
254 οὕτως Val., ov Ms. 


Α 


BOOK XVII 


had been king of a very considerable realm and one 
whose friendship he himself had found worth while 
cultivating,—he leaped up from his chair, loosed 
him, embraced him, and treated him with great 
respect. 


Zonaras 9, 13. 

certainty of human affairs, he leaped up from his 
chair, loosed him, embraced him, and treated him 
with consideration. And he asked him once: “ What 
was your reason for going to war with us?”’ Syphax 
excused himself skilfully and at the same time 
got his revenge upon Masinissa by declaring that 
Sophonisba had been responsible for his conduct: 
to please her father, Hasdrubal, she had compelled 
him by her wiles to take the side of the Cartha- 
ginians against his will. “At any rate,” he continued, 
“1 have paid a proper penalty for being hoodwinked 
by a woman, and in the midst of my evils have at least 
one consolation—that Masinissa has married her. For 
she will certainly bring about his utter ruin likewise.” 

Scipio, feeling suspicious about this action of 
Masinissa, called him and censured him for having 
so speedily married without his consent a woman 
taken captive from the enemy, and he bade him 
give her up to the Romans. Masinissa was greatly 
grieved, and rushing into the tent where Sophonisba 
was, cried out to her: “If I might by my own death 
have ensured you liberty and freedom from outrage, 
I would cheerfully have died for you; but since this 
is impossible, I send you before me whither I and 
all shall go.” With these words he offered her 
poison. And she uttered neither lament nor moan, 
but very nobly replied: “ Husband, if this is 


255 


77 


74 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Πλεῖστοι boot ἐστρατεύσαντο, ὥς που πολλὰ 
ἑκουσίως πολλοὶ ὧν οὐδὲν av! ἀναγκαζόμενοι δρά- 
σειαν ποιοῦσι. τὸ μὲν γὰρ προσταττόμενόν σφισι 
« \ / / \ > > / 
ὡς καὶ βίαιον δυσχεραίνουσιν, τὸ δ᾽ αὐθαίρετον 
ὡς καὶ αὐτοκράτορες ἀγαπῶσιν.---Ν. 51 (p. 609). 

“ > , Ὁ / “ 

Ore ἐπικηρυκευσάμενοι οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι τῷ 

7 a a 
Σκιπίωνι, τῶν τε ἐπιταχθέντων σφίσιν ὑπ᾽ αὐτοῦ 


Q\ Ψ > ς / \ ὃ iim 2 
οὐδὲν OTL OVX ὑποσχόμενοι, ola μηδὲν αὐτῶν “ 


πράξειν μέλλοντες, χρήματα μὲν αὐτῷ εὐθὺς 


ue 4 \ \ » / ΄, Fae ἐν 
εοοσαν΄ KAL TOUS αἰχμαλώτους TTAVTAS ATTEOWKAD, 


Zonaras 9, 13. 
an > \ / a \ a \ 
δοκεῖ, κἀγὼ πείθομαι: THs yap ψυχῆς μου μετὰ 
\ > \ 4 f > \ an / / 
σὲ οὐδεὶς ἄλλος κυριεύσει" εἰ SE TOD σώματός μου 
7 a < > \ / 439 \ [ἢ \ 
Σκιπίων δεῖται, νεκρὸν αὐτὸ λαβέτω." Kal ἡ μὲν 
Ὁ > LQ / δὲ Lis 20 4 
οὕτως ἀπέθανε, Σκιπίων δὲ TO ἔργον ἐθαύμασεν. 
ae , a ,ὔ \ / \ 
Oi δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ, τοῦ Λαιλίου τὸν Σύφακα καὶ 
7 / a x 
τὸν υἱὸν ἐκείνου Οὐερμίναν ἀγαγόντος ἐκεῖ Kal 
la 7 x A , \ \ 4 
TOV ἄλλων τινὰς τῶν πρώτων, TOY μὲν Σύφακα 
/ 
εἰς τὴν "AXBav κατέθεντο καὶ τελευτήσαντα δη- 
> A / \ / 
μοσίᾳ ἔθαψαν, τῷ δὲ Ovepuiva τὴν βασιλείαν 
a / 
τοῦ πατρὸς ἐπεκύρωσαν Kal τοὺς ζωγρηθέντας 
/ 
Νομάδας ἐχαρίσαντο. 
a / 
Oi δὲ Καρχηδόνιοι περὶ σπονδῶν ἐπικηρυκευσά- 
A ‘ / \ »” \ 
μενοι TO Σκιπίωνι χρήματά τε εὐθὺς ἔδοσαν Kal 
/ x ¢ x 
τοὺς αἰχμαλώτους πάντας ἀπέδωκαν Kal ὑπὲρ 


1 ἂν inserted by Rk. 2 αὐτῶν Rk., αὐτῷ Mss. 
3 πράξειν Naber, παρέξειν Mss. 4 ἔδοσαν Reim., ἔδωσαν Mss. 


256 


BOOK XVII 


Ever so many took part in the campaign ; for 
somehow it happens that a great many men do 
voluntarily many things which they would not for a 
moment do under compulsion. They look askance at 
their instructions as at something forced upon them, 
but are delighted with the projects of their own minds 
because they feel themselves their own masters.! 

The Carthaginians made overtures to Scipio, and 
agreed to every one of the demands he made upon 
them, inasmuch as they had no intention of perform- 
ing any of them. They did, to be sure, give him 
money at once and restored all the prisoners, but in 


Zonaras 9, 13. 
your will, 1 am content. My soul shall after you know 
no other lord; as for my body, if Scipio requires that, 
let him take it with life extinct.” Thus she died, 
and Scipio marvelled at the deed. 

Laelius conducted to Rome Syphax and his son 
Vermina and some others of the foremost men ; and 
the citizens gave Syphax an estate at Alba, and at 
his death honoured him with a public funeral; and 
they confirmed Vermina in the possession of his 
father’s kingdom besides bestowing upon him the 
Numidian captives. 

The Carthaginians made overtures to Scipio con- 
cerning a truce, and they gave him money at once 
and restored all the prisoners, and in regard to the 

1 Macchioro (Kilio 10, Ῥ. 359), comparing Livy 30, 3, 1, 
believes this refers to the general eagerness shown at the 
beginning of the year 203 to aid Scipio in Africa. While 
there are some objections to this view, it seems more pro- 


bable than that of Boissevain, who refers the fragment to 
the expedition of Sulpicius Galba against Macedonia in 200. 


257 


YOu, II, 8 


75 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


ὑπὲρ δὲ τῶν ἄλλων ἐς τὴν Ῥώμην ἐπρεσβεύ- 
σαντο. καὶ αὐτοὺς ἐκεῖνοι τότε οὐ προσεδέξαντο, 
λέγοντες οὐκ εἶναί σφισι πάτριον στρατοπέδων 
τισὶν ἐν τῇ ᾿Ιταλίᾳ ὄντων ὑπὲρ εἰρήνης xpn- 
/ vA δ» / na ᾽ / 
ματίζειν. ὕστερον δὲ ἀπάραντος τοῦ τε AvviBou 
καὶ τοῦ Μάγωνος λόγον αὐτοῖς ἔδοσαν," καὶ ἦλθον 
\ > > / \ > Δ 3.49 > 
μὲν ἐς ἀμφισβήτησιν πρὸς ἀλλήλους, ἐπ᾿ ἀμ- 
φότερα ταῖς γνώμαις γενόμενοι, τέλος δὲ ἐψηφί- 
\ δὰ >4? 7 > 7 3 9 
σαντο τὰς σπονδὰς ἐφ᾽ οἷς ὁ Σκιπίων συνετέθειτο. 
—U* 7 (p. 380). 
Ὅτι of Καρχηδόνιοι τῷ Σκιπίωνι ἐπέθεντο καὶ 


\ a \ \ 7 la \ / 
κατὰ γῆν καὶ Kata θάλατταν. τοῦ δὲ Σκιπίωνος 


Zonaras 9, 13. 

τῶν λοιπῶν πρεσβείαν εἰς THY Ῥώμην ἀπέ- 
στείλαν. τοὺς δέ γε πρέσβεις « οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι τότε οὐ 
προσεδέξαντο, λέγοντες οὐκ εἶναι πάτριον σφίσι 
στρατοπέδων ἐ ἐν τῇ ‘Iranig ὃ ὄντων τισὶ πρεσβείαν 
προσίεσθαι ἐξ αὐτῶν καὶ χρηματίξειν ὑ ὑπὲρ εἰρήνης. 
ὕστερον δέ, ἀπάραντος τοῦ te ᾿Αννίβου καὶ τοῦ 
Μάγωνος, λόγου σφίσι μετέδωκαν καὶ ἐψηφίσαντο 
τὰς σπονδάς. ἐξεχώρησαν δὲ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας ὅ τε 
᾿Αννίβας καὶ ὁ Μάγων οὐ διὰ τὴν σύμβασιν, ἀλλὰ 
πρὸς τὸν οἴκοι πόλεμον ἐπειγόμενοι. 

Οἱ δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Λιβύῃ Καρχηδόνιοι οὐδὲ πρότερον 
εἰρηναῖόν TL φρονοῦντες, καὶ περὶ σπονδῶν ἐπὶ τῇ 
τοῦ χρόνου τριβῇ διὰ τὴν τοῦ ᾿Αννίβου παρουσίαν 
ἐπικηρυκευσάμενοι, ὡς τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν πλησιάξοντα 
ἔμαθον, ἀνεθάρσησαν, καὶ ἐπέθεντο τῷ Σκιπίωνι 
κατὰ γῆν τε καὶ κατὰ θάλασσαν. κἀκείνου περὶ 

1 ἔδοσαν Bs., ἔδωσαν Mss. 7 συνετέθειτο ΒΙκ., συνετίθετο Mss. 


258 


Διὰ εν. 


BOOK XVII 


regard to the other matters they sent envoys to 
Rome. The Romans would not receive them at that 
time, declaring that it was a tradition with them 
not to discuss peace with any people while their 
armies were in Italy. But later, when Hannibal and 
Mago had departed, they granted the envoys an 
audience and fell into a dispute among themselves, 
being of two minds. At last, however they voted 
for peace on the terms that Scipio had arranged. 
The Carthaginians attacked Scipio both by land 
and by sea. And when Scipio, vexed at this, made 


Zonaras 9, 13. 

remaining matters they sent an embassy to Rome. 
However, the Romans would not receive the envoys 
at that time, declaring that it was a tradition with 
them not to admit an embassy from any people 
or to discuss peace while their armies were in Italy. 
Later, when Hannibal and Mago had departed, they 
accorded the envoys an audience and voted for peace. 
Yet Hannibal and Mago left Italy, not in the interest 
of the treaty, but through haste to reach the scene 
of war at home. 

The Carthaginians in Africa even before this time 
had not been thinking seriously of peace, and had 
sued for a truce only for the purpose of using up 
time, with a view to securing Hannibal’s presence. 
So when they heard that he was drawing near, 
they took courage and attacked Scipio both by land 
and by sea. When he complained to them about 


259 
s2 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


ἀγανακτήσαντος ἐπὶ τούτῳ Kal ἔγκλημα ποιησα- 
> / a / 
μένου οὔτε TL μέτριον τοῖς πρέσβεσιν ἀπεκρίναντο, 
4 a 
καὶ προσέτι καὶ ἐπεβούλευσαν αὐτοῖς ἀποπλεύ- 
\ , / ? 
σασιν: Kal εἴγε μὴ ἄνεμός σφισι κατὰ τύχην 
2 7 > 9 es Δ A ᾽ 7 
ἐπιγενόμενος ἐβοήθησεν, ἑάλωσαν' ἂν ἢ ἀπώ- 
Σ \ an e / / 5 
λοντο. καὶ διὰ τοῦτο ὁ Σκιπίων, καίπερ ἐπελ- 
/ / ἴω \ a / 
θόντων ἐν τούτῳ τῶν τὴν εἰρήνην αὐτοῖς φερόντων, 
\ 
οὐκέτ᾽ αὐτὴν éTroLnoaTo.—U® 8 (p. 380). 


Zonaras 9, 13-14. 


TOUTOU αὐτοῖς ἐγκαλέσαντος, οὔτε μέτριόν τι τοῖς 
πρέσβεσιν ἀπεκρίναντο καὶ ἐπεβούλευσαν αὐτοῖς 
ἀποπλεύσασι: καὶ εἰ μὴ πνεῦμα τυχαίως συμβὰν 
αὐτοῖς ἐβοήθησεν, ἀπώλοντο ἄν. ὅθεν καὶ ὁ 
Σκιπίων ἐν τούτῳ τῆς ψήφου τῆς περὶ τῆς εἰρήνης 
κομισθείσης οὐκέτι αὐτὴν ἐποιήσατο. οἱ οὖν 
Καρχηδόνιοι τὸν μὲν Μάγωνα εἰς τὴν Ἰταλίαν 
ἀνέπεμψαν, τὸν δ᾽ ᾿Αννίβαν αὐτοκράτορα στρατη- 
γὸν ἀπέδειξαν, τὸν Αννωνα τῆς ἀρχῆς παύσαντες. 
τὸν δ᾽ ᾿Ασὸ ρούβαν καὶ ἀποκτεῖναι ἐψηφίσαντο, 
φαρμάκῳ δὲ ἑκουσίως φθαρέντα καὶ νεκρὸν ἠκί- 
σαντο. ᾿Αννίβας μὲν οὖν πᾶσαν τὴν ἡγεμονίαν 
λαβὼν ἐς τὴν Μασινίσσου χώραν ἐνέβαλε καὶ 
ἐκάκου αὐτὴν καὶ τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις μαχέσασθαι ἡ ἡτοι- 
μάζετο' ἀνθητοιμάξοντο δὲ καὶ οἱ τοῦ Σκιπίωνος. 
14. Οἱ δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ μετεμέλοντο ὅτι μὴ 
ἐκώλυσαν τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν ἐκπλεῦσαι: ὡς μέντοι 
τὰ ἐν τῇ Λιβύῃ συγκροτοῦντα αὐτὸν ἔμαθον, οὐ 
μετρίως αὖθις ἐδεδίεσαν. διὸ καὶ Κλαύδιον μὲν 
Νέρωνα τὸν ἕτερον τῶν ὑπάτων ἐπ᾽ αὐτὸν ἔπεμ- 
1 ἑάλωσαν Bs., ἥλωσαν Mss. 
260 


. «ΨΒ 


BOOK XVII 


a complaint, they returned no respectful answer to 
his envoys and moreover actually plotted against 
them when they sailed back ; and had not a wind 
by chance sprung up and aided them, they would 
have been captured or would have perished. Con- 
sequently Scipio, although the commissioners arrived 
with peace for the Carthaginians at this juncture, 
refused any longer to make it. 


Zonaras 9, 13-14. 

this, they returned no proper answer to the envoys, 
and even plotted against them when they sailed 
back ; and had not a wind fortunately :arisen to help 
them, they would have perished. Hence Scipio, 
though at this time the decree regarding peace was 
brought to him, refused any longer to make it. So 
the Carthaginians sent Mago back to Italy, but 
appointed Hannibal general with full powers, after 
first deposing Hanno from hiscommand. Hasdrubal 
they even voted to put to death, and finding that he 
had voluntarily made away with himself by poison, 
they abused his dead body. Hannibal, accordingly, 
taking over entire command, invaded the country of 
Masinissa, which he proceeded to devastate, and was 
preparing to fight against the Romans. Counter-pre- 
parations were being made by the followers of Scipio. 

14. The people of Rome were regretting that they 
had not prevented Hannibal from sailing home, and 
when they learned that he was consolidating the 
opposition in Africa, they were again greatly terrified. 
Accordingly, they sent Claudius Nero, one of the 


261 


B.C. 202 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 14. 
/ a 
wav, Μάρκῳ δὲ Σερουιλίῳ τὴν τῆς Ἰταλίας 
\ 7 ᾽ ᾽ ᾽ > 7, ε 
φυλακὴν προσεκλήρωσαν. ἀλλ᾽ οὐκ ἠδυνήθη ὁ 
/ > \ a ς Ν a > 
Νέρων εἰς τὴν Λιβύην ἐλθεῖν, ὑπὸ χειμῶνος ἐν 
> / / " 
Itaria χρονίσας καὶ ἐν Σαρδοῖ. εἶτα οὐδὲ 
/ a / / 
περαιτέρω τῆς Σικελίας ἐχώρησε, κεκρατηκότα 
\ \ , € x 
μαθὼν τὸν Σκιπίωνα. ὁ yap Σκιπίων, δείσας μὴ 
ς lal lal 
emery els ὁ Νέρων τῶν αὐτοῦ πόνων THY εὔκλειαν 
σφετερίσηται, τοῦ ἔαρος ἐπιλάμψαντος ἐπὶ τὸν 
᾽ by, 
AvviBav ἐχώρησε, μαθὼν ὅτι τὸν Μασινίσσαν 
7 id 
ἐνίκησε. καὶ ὁ ᾿Αννίβας ὡς ἤσθετο προσιόντα 
/ a 
τὸν Σκιπίωνα, προαπήντησεν αὐτῷ. καὶ ἀντι- 
στρατοπεδευσάμενοι οὐκ εὐθὺς εἰς χεῖρας ἦλθον, 
\ . n 
συχνὰς δ᾽ ἡμέρας διέτριψαν, καὶ ἕκαστος τῷ 
) / Ig £ 
οἰκείῳ διειλέχθη στρατεύματι καὶ πρὸς τὴν μάχην 
αὐτὸ παρεθάρρυνεν. 
ΕΣ a / 
Ὥς δ᾽ ἔδοξε τῷ Σκιπίωνι μὴ διατρίβειν ἔτι, 
b] \ \ yy \ > / > \ > a 
ἀλλὰ καὶ ἄκοντα τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν εἰς τὸν ἀγῶνα 
προαγαγεῖν, ἐπὶ τὴν Οὐτικὴν ὥρμησεν, ἵνα 
x 
δεδιέναι καὶ φεύγειν δόξας σχοίη καιρὸν ἐπι- 
ἃ ? / 
θέσεως: ὃ καὶ ἐγένετο. ὁ yap ᾿Αννίβας φεύγειν 
>. Li bd \ \ | deh / > “ / 
αὐτὸν οἰηθεὶς καὶ ἐπὶ πλέον ἐντεῦθεν θαρσήσας 
lal lal c 
ἐπεδίωξε μόνοις τοῖς ἱππεῦσι. καὶ ὁ Σκιπίων 
ἀντέστη τε αὐτοῖς παρὰ δόξαν καὶ συμβαλὼν 
\ / 
ἐνίκησε. τρέψας δ᾽ αὐτοὺς οὐκ ἐπὶ τὸ διώ- 
Kew σφᾶς, ἀλλὰ ἐπὶ τὰ σκευοφόρα αὐτῶν 
καθ᾽ ὁδὸν τυγχάνοντα ὥρμησε, καὶ πάντα συνέ- 
lal Ἂς > / > / cr. oe [τὸ 
λαβε. ταῦτα τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν ἐτάραξε, καὶ ἔτι ὅτι 
aA a a ς 
κατασκόπους αὐτοῦ τρεῖς ἐν τῷ στρατοπέδῳ ὁ 
'- a / 
Σκιπίων εὑρὼν οὐδὲν δεινὸν αὐτοῖς πεποίηκεν. 
a \ 
μαθὼν yap παρ᾽ ἑνὸς αὐτῶν ὁ ᾿Αννίβας τὸ 
- ¢ , 
πεπραγμένον (οἱ yap δύο παρὰ τοῖς “Ρωμαίοις 
262 


BOOK ΧΥΠ᾿ 


Zonaras 9, 14. 


consuls, against him, and allotted to Marcus Servilius 
the protection of Italy. Nero, however, was unable 
to reach Africa, being detained by stormy weather in 
Italy and again in Sardinia. After that he progressed 
no farther than Sicily, for he learned that Scipio had 
proved the victor. Scipio, in fact, had been afraid 
that Nero might be so prompt as to appropriate the 
glory of his own toils, and so at the first glimmer of 
spring, he had advanced against Hannibal, having 
learned that the latter had conquered Masinissa. 
And Hannibal, when he found out that Scipio was 
approaching, went to meet him. They encamped 
opposite each other, though they did not at once 
come to blows, but delayed several days; and each 
commander addressed his army, inciting it to battle. 

When it seemed best to Scipio not to delay any 
longer, but to draw Hannibal into a struggle whether 
he wished it or not, he set out for Utica, that by 
creating an impression of fear and flight he might 
gain a favourable opportunity for attack; and thus 
it turned out. Hannibal, thinking that he was in 
flight, and being correspondingly encouraged, pursued 
him with his cavalry only. Contrary to his expecta- 
tions Scipio resisted, engaged in battle, and came out 
victorious. After routing this body he then directed 
his attention not to pursuing them, but to their 
equipment train, which was on the march, and 
he captured it entire. This caused Hannibal 
alarm, and his alarm was increased by the news that 
Scipio had done no injury to three Carthaginian 
spies whom he had found in his camp. Hannibal 
had learned this fact from one of them, after 
the other two had chosen to remain with the 


263 


so? 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


᾿Ενθυμιζόμενοι, λογιζόμενοι. οὕτω Δίων ἐν εζ' 
“Pwpaixav.—Suidas, Lex. Seguer., and Zon. Lex. 
s.v. ἐνθυμιζόμενοι. 


Zonaras 9, 14. 
μεῖναι ἠθέλησαν), κατεπλάγη, καὶ διακινδυνεῦσαι 
οὐκέτι θαρρήσας σπείσασθαι ὅτι τάχιστα ἔγνω, 
4 an 7 \ 7 
ἵν᾽ εἰ μὴ τοῦτο συμβαίη, τριβὴν τέως τινὰ πορί- 
Ν \ 
σηται καὶ διακωχήν. πέμψας οὖν πρὸς Tov 
« 
Μασινίσσαν, δι᾽ ἐκείνου ὡς ὁμοφύλου τὰς σπονδὰς 
> 5 / an 
nTnoe. Kal ἦλθε μὲν ἐς λόγους τῷ Σκιπίωνι, 
” \ »Q/ ς \ 4... ” \ 
ἔπραξε δὲ οὐδέν. ὁ yap Σκιπίων οὔτε τραχὺ 
» \ ’ / > \ \ \ x4 
οὔτε TL σαφὲς ἀπεκρίνατο, ἀλλὰ TO μὲν ὅλον 
Di ) / δ᾽ Ψ ὃ / θ Ψ 
ἐμέσευσεν, ἐπιεικέστερον δ᾽ ὅμως διειλέχθη, ὅπως 
αὐτὸν ὡς καὶ σπεισόμενος εἰς ἀμέλειαν προαγάγῃ" 
ἃ / \ 
ὃ Kal συμβέβηκε. μάχης μὲν yap πέρι οὐδὲν ὁ 
᾿Αννίβας ἐνενόησε, μεταστρατοπεδεύσασθαι δὲ εἰς 
7 . / / 
χωρίον émutnderotepov τι ἠθέλησεν. ἐξ αὐτο- 
/ \ a \ ς / / 
μόλων δὲ τοῦτο μαθὼν ὁ Σκιπίων προεξανέστη 
\ / al 
νυκτὸς Kal κατέσχε τὸν τόπον εἰς ὃν ἐκεῖνος 
/ ὔ . 
ἠπείγετο" ἐν χωρίῳ δέ τινι κοΐχῳ καὶ ἀνεπιτηδείῳ 
πρὸς στρατοπέδευσιν γενομένοις τοῖς Καρχη- 
/ > / > / ¢ o's / 
δονίοις ἐπεφάνη αἰφνίδιον. ὁ δ᾽ ᾿Αννίβας συμ- 
la / > “ 
βαλεῖν οὐκ ἠθέλησε, στρατοπεδευόμενος δ᾽ ἐκεῖ 
na / / a 
Kal φρεωρυχῶν ἐταλαιπώρησε διὰ πάσης τῆς 
νυκτός. καὶ οὕτως κακῶς αὐτοὺς ἔχοντας ὑπὸ 
/ ΄ «. 
καμάτου καὶ δίψης κατηνάγκασε καὶ ἄκοντας ὁ 
Σκιπίων συμμῖξαι αὐτῷ. 
τ / φ ς \ «ς a / 
Συνέβαλον οὖν ot μὲν Ρωμαῖοι συντεταγμένοι 
Ν / ’ / \ Ἶ «ς , 
καὶ πρόθυμοι, ᾿Αννίβας δὲ καὶ οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι 


264 


BOOK XVII 
ἐνθυμιζόμενοι = calculating. So Dio, Roman History, 
XVII. 


Zonaras 9, 14. 

Romans. Disheartened, therefore, he no longer felt 
the courage to carry on a decisive engagement with 
the Romans, but determined to make efforts for a truce 
as quickly as possible, in order that even if this attempt 
should not be successful, it might at least cause a 
temporary delay and cessation of hostilities. So he 
sent to Masinissa, and through him, as a man of the 
same race, asked for a truce. And he secured a 
conference with Scipio, but accomplished nothing. 
For Scipio avoided a definite answer as well as a 
harsh one, but pursued a middle course throughout, 
although adopting a particularly mild tone, in order 
to lead Hannibal into careless behaviour by pretend- 
ing a willingness to come to terms. And such was 
the result. For Hannibal now gave no thought to 
battle, but was desirous of shifting his camp to a 
more favourable place. Scipio, gaining this in- 
formation from deserters, broke camp by night and 
occupied the spot which was the goal of Hannibal’s 
efforts. And when the Carthaginians had reached a 
valley unsuited for a camping place, he suddenly 
confronted them. Hannibal refused to fight, but in 
his efforts to pitch camp there and to dig wells he 
had a hard time of it all night long. Thus Scipio 
forced the enemy, while at a disadvantage from weari- 
ness and thirst, to offer battle in spite of themselves. 

Accordingly, the Romans entered the conflict well 
marshalled and eager, but Hannibal and the Cartha- 


! This may be from his account of the feelings of the con- 
testants on the eve of the battle of Zama ; so von Gutschmid. 


265 


78 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Δίων βιβλίῳ ιζ΄ “ ἐπέστησεν ἐξαίφνης τοῦ 
δρόμου.".---Βοῖκκ, Anecd. p. 140, 23. 


Zonaras 9, 14. 


᾽ 40 ,ὔ \ / \ ὃ , 7 
ἀπρόθυμοι τε Kal καταπεπληγμένοι καὶ OL’ ἕτερα 
Ν @ \ cw / 1 7) ’ \ 
καὶ ὅτι Kal ὁ ἥλιος σύμπας ἐξέλιπεν. ἐκ γὰρ 

fal 7 ral 
TOV ἄλλων Kal τοῦτο οὐκ αἴσιόν TL προμηνύειν 
7 gk / φ , « >» 
σφίσιν ὁ ᾿Αννίβας ὑπώπτευσεν. οὕτω δ᾽ ἔχοντες 
\ 9. / c lal / \ e 
Tous ἐλέφαντας ἑαυτῶν προεβάλοντο. καὶ οἱ 
ῬἭ a / ? / Need \ ? 
w@paior μέγα ἐξαίφνης καὶ ἐκπληκτικὸν ἀνε- 
/ / ral 
βόησαν, καὶ τὰς ἀσπίδας τοῖς δόρασι κρούσαντες 
a 7 “ 
θυμῷ καὶ δρόμῳ ἐπὶ τοὺς ἐλέφαντας ὥρμησαν. 
ς 9 : an ,ὔ 
ὑφ᾽ ὧν ταραχθέντες ἐκεῖνοι οἱ μὲν πλείους οὐκ 
2Q/ - 5 > > / \ 
ἐδέξαντο σφᾶς, αλλ ἀπετράποντο καὶ τιτρω- 
a / \ 
oKOMEVOL peilo τοῖς ,ἐπιτεταγμένοις ἐνεποίουν τὸν 
θόρυβον, οἱ δὲ καὶ ὁμόσε σφίσι ,χωρήσαντες, τῶν 
Ῥωμαίων διισταμένων, διὰ μέσου αὐτῶν διεξ- 
έτρεχον, καὶ παριόντες ἐβάλλοντό τε καὶ ἐκ 
χειρὸς ἐτιτρώσκοντο. καὶ ἐπί τινα μὲν χρόνον 
ἀντέσχον οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι, ἔπειτα τοῦ Μασινίσσου 
καὶ τοῦ Λαιλίου τοῖς ἱππεῦσι κατὰ νώτου προσ- 
πεσόντων αὐτοῖς, πάντες ἔφυγον. οἱ δὲ πλείους 
ἐφθάρησαν, καὶ ὁ ᾿Αννίβας μικροῦ ἂν ἀπώλετο. 
φεύγοντα γὰρ αὐτὸν ὁ Μασινίσσας ἐπεδίωκεν 
ἀκρατῶς τῇ τοῦ ἵππου ῥύμῃ ὑπενδιδούς. μετα- 
στραφεὶς δ᾽ ὁ ᾿Αννίβας, καὶ ἰδὼν αὐτὸν οὕτω 
διώκοντα, ἡ ἠρέμα ἐξέκλινε καὶ τὸν δρόμον ἐ ἐπέστησε, 
καὶ οὕτω ,“παρελάσαντα τὸν Μασινίσσαν κατὰ 
νώτου γενόμενος ἔτρωσε: κἀκ τούτου MET ὀλίγων 
ἐξέφυγε. 
266 


BOOK XVII 
Dio, Book XVII. “He suddenly checked his 


course.” 


Zonaras 9, 14. 


ginians listless and dejected. This was owing in 
part to a total eclipse of the sun; for in view of the 
other circumstances, Hannibal suspected that this, 
too, augured nothing auspicious for them. In this 
frame of mind they stationed the elephants in front 
of them as a protection. Suddenly the Romans 
uttered a great and terrible shout, and smiting 
their spears against their shields, rushed furiously 
against the elephants. ‘Thrown into a panic by 
their charge, most of the beasts did not await their 
coming, but turned to flight, and receiving frequent 
wounds caused still greater confusion among those 
stationed beside them. But some of the beasts 
charged the Romans, whereupon the latter would 
stand apart so that they ran through the spaces 
between the ranks, getting struck with missiles and 
wounded from close at hand as they passed along. 
For a time the Carthaginians resisted, but at length, 
when Masinissa and Laelius fell upon them from the 
rear with the horsemen, they all fled. The majority 
. of them were destroyed, and Hannibal came very 
near losing his life. For as he fled, Masinissa pursued 
him at breakneck speed, giving his horse a free rein. 
But Hannibal turned, and seeing him thus pursuing, 
swerved aside slightly and checked his course ; thus 
Masinissa rushed by, and Hannibal got in his rear 
and wounded him. Thus he made his escape with a 
few followers. 


267 


19 


80 


82 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Δίων ἐν Ῥωμαϊκῶν of “πέφυκε yap καὶ ἄλλως 
« / \ \ , a , \ \ 
ὡς πλήθει TO μὲν εὐτυχοῦν θρασύνεσθαι, TO δὲ 

fal \ \ 
κακοπραγοῦν μετριάζειν, κἀκ τούτου TO μὲν δεδιὸς 
val a ᾿ 7, 
σωφρονεῖν, τὸ δὲ θαρσοῦν ἀκολασταίνειν. ἐπὶ 
“ ᾽ . 

πλέον δὲ ἐν ἐκείνῳ τοῦτ᾽ épwpdbn. —Suidas s.v. ὡς 
ἐπίπαν, Lex. Seguer. (Bachm. Anecd. Graec. 1, 422.) 

Δίων ἐν Ῥωμαϊκῶν ιζ΄ “καί τις λόγος περὶ 
αὐτῶν τοιόσδε édnuedn.’—Suidas, Etym. Mag., 
and Lex. Seguer. s.v. ἐδημώθη. 

/ a 

Ὅτι διεκηρυκεύσαντο οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι τῷ Σκι- 

/ + Ν \ / ς / / 
πίωνι. ἣν δὲ τὰ διωμολογημένα ὁμήρους TE σφας 

a \ , / 
δοῦναι, Kal τοὺς αἰχμαλώτους τούς τε αὐτομόλους 

lal «ς / a fal 

ovs ἤτοι τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἢ τῶν συμμάχων opav* 
εἶχον ἀποδοῦναι, καὶ τοὺς ἐλέφαντας πάντας καὶ 


\ / \ δέ ὃ a Soe \ 
TAS TPLNPELS πλὴν EKA παραοουναᾶν, KAL TO λοιπὸν 


Zonaras 9, 14. 


Σκιπίων δὲ νικήσας ἐπὶ τὴν Καρχηδόνα » ἠπεί- 
χθη, καὶ ἐπολιόρκει αὐτὴν ἐκ γῆς ἅμα καὶ 
θαλάσσης. οἱ δ᾽ οὖν Καρχηδόνιοι πρῶτον μὲν 
ὡς τὴν πολιορκίαν καρτερήσοντες ἡτοιμάζοντο, 
ἔπειτα ἐξαπορηθέντες πρὸς τὸν “Σκιπίωνα διε- 
κηρυκεύσαντο. καὶ ὁ Σκιπίων τοὺς λόγους σφῶν 
προσεδέξατο καὶ περὶ τῶν συνθηκῶν διειλέχθη 
αὐτοῖς. ἣν δὲ τὰ ὡμολογημένα ὁμήρους τε παρὰ 
τῶν Καρχηδονίων καὶ τοὺς αἰχμαλώτους καὶ τοὺς 
αὐτομόλους δοθῆναι, καὶ πάντας μὲν τοὺς ἐλέ- 
φαντας, τὰς δὲ τριήρεις πλὴν δέκα παρασχεθῆναι, 


! αὐτῶν Suidas, Cramer’s Ms., αὐτοῦ Bachmann’s Ms. 
2 σφῶν Bs., ἐφ᾽ ὧν Mss. 
268 


BOOK XVII 


Dio, Roman History, XVII. “ Moreover, in general, 
the fortunate party is inclined to audacity and the 
unfortunate to moderation; and accordingly the 
timid party is wont to show restraint and the bold to 
show license. ‘This was particularly noticeable in 
his case.” 1 

Dio, Roman History, XVII. “ And a report about 
them of the following nature became public.” 1 

The Carthaginians made overtures for peace to 
Scipio. The terms agreed upon were: that they 
should give hostages, should return the captives 
and deserters they were holding, whether Romans 
or their allies, should surrender all the elephants and 
the triremes, except ten, and for the future possess 


Zonaras 9, 14. 

Scipio after his victory advanced rapidly against 
Carthage, and proceeded to besiege it by land and 
sea at once. The Carthaginians at first set them- 
selves in readiness as though to endure the siege, 
but later, brought to the end of their resources, they 
made overtures to Scipio for peace. Scipio accepted 
their proposals and discussed with them the articles 
of the compact. The terms agreed upon were: that 
hostages and the captives and the deserters should 
be given up by the Carthaginians, that all the 
elephants and the triremes, except ten, should be 


1 These fragments are of uncertain reference ; the former 
may possibly relate to Masinissa’s marrying Sophonisba 
without Scipio’s permission. 


269 


B.c. 201 


B.c. 201 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


μὴ κεκτῆσθαι μήτε ἐλέφαντας μήτε ναῦς, Kal TO 
Μασινίσσᾳ πάντων ὧν εἶχον αὐτοῦ ἀποστῆναι 
καὶ ἐκείνῳ δοῦναι, τήν τε χώραν καὶ τὰς πόλεις 
τὰς ἐν τῇ ἐπικρατείᾳ αὐτοῦ οὔσας ἀφεῖναι, καὶ 
μήτε καταλόγους ποιεῖσθαι μήτε μισθοφόροις 
χρῆσθαι μήτε πόλεμον πρὸς μηδένα παρὰ τὴν 
τῶν Ρωμαίων γνώμην avarpetc0ar.—U° 9 (p. 380) 
and (in part) Suidas s.v. ἀναιρεθείς. 

59 Ὅτι ἡ Καρχηδὼν πολλοῖς Ρωμαίων ἐξαιρετέα 
ἐδόκει εἶναι, καὶ Ἱζορνηλίῳ ὑπάτῳ, καὶ ἔλεγεν ὅτι 
ἀδύνατόν ἐστι συνεστώσης αὐτῆς ἀδεεῖς σφᾶς 
εἶναι.----. 10 ( p. 381) =Suidas s.v. ἐξαιρετέα. 


{4 231 / “ ὃ / \ > / 
57,83 .. ἐνὶ μέντοι τῷ δήμῳ ... πάντες τὴν εἰρήνην 
ς \ 2 ἃ ~ > U4 
ὁμοθυμαδὸν ἐψηφίσαντο. ἃ yap ἐπεπόνθεσαν 
λογισάμενοι... αὐτῶν ἤμελλον π᾿... κινδύνων 


Zonaras 9, 14. 


καὶ τοῦ λοιποῦ μήτε ἐλέφαντας μήτε ναῦς μακρὰς 
πλείους ἔχειν τῶν δέκα μήτε πόλεμον παρὰ τὴν 
τῶν Ῥωμαίων γνώμην πρὸς μηδένα ποιεῖσθαι, καί 
τινα ἕτερα. 

Τοιούτων δὲ γενομένων τῶν ὁμολογιῶν πρέσβεις 
οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι ἐπὶ Ῥώμην ἐστάλκασι. καὶ οἱ 
μὲν ἀπῆλθον, οὐ μέντοι καὶ ἡ γερουσία τὴν 
πρεσβείαν ἑτοίμως ἐδέξατο, ἀλλ᾽ ἐπὶ πολὺ 
ἠμφισβήτησαν ἀλλήλοις ἐναντιούμενοι. 0 δὲ 
δῆμος τὴν εἰρήνην ὁμοθυμαδὸν ἐψηφίσατο, καὶ 

1 The only continuous portions of the following four frag- 


ments have been largely supplied by Haase, Bs., and others. 
Cf. note on p. 238. ‘The longer gaps, indicated here by three 


270 : 


BOOK XVII 


neither elephants nor ships, should withdraw from all 
the possessions of Masinissa that they were holding 
and give them up to him, and restore to him the 
country and the cities that were in his domain, that 
they should not hold levies, nor employ mercenaries, 
nor undertake war against anyone without the con- 
sent of the Romans. 

It seemed to Cornelius {Lentulus], the consul, as 
well as to many other Romans, that Carthage ought 
to be destroyed, and he was wont to say that it was 
impossible, while that city existed, for them to be 
free from fear. 


In the popular assembly, however, .. . all un- 
animously voted for peace. For after considering 


what they had gone through with . . . were going 


Zonaras 9, 14. 


delivered over, and that in the future they should 
not keep elephants nor more ships of war than ten, 
nor make war upon anyone without the consent of 
the Romans, and a few other points. 

When an agreement of this nature had been 
reached, the Carthaginians sent ambassadors to 
Rome. So these went their way, but the senate 
did not receive the embassy readily; indeed, the 
members disputed for a long time, being disagreed 
among themselves. The popular assembly, however, 
unanimously voted for peace and accepted the terms ; 


dots, are usually from 24 to 31 letters in length, the shorter 
gaps from 1 to 4 letters, 


271 


81 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


al , 

τε TAN... TOV Tpaypatwov .. . ἐδικαίωσαν" 

4 “Ὁ 

0... τες Kal éxelva... T . eK peyaNov’... 
᾽ 

α΄. .α εἰν οἱ δὲδ᾽΄.. . ντὲς ént.. 


Καὶ τῶν ἐλεφάντων οἱ μὲν πλείους ἐς τὴν 
c , > / ς Ν \ A / 
Ρώμην ἀπήχθησαν, oi δὲ λοιποὶ τῷ Μασινίσσᾳ 


85 ἐδωρήθησαν ... Καρχηδονίων... τε τὴν Λιβύην 


... δὲ δὴ mperBevd... συμβαλεῖν τοῖς ... ἐπέ- 
\ ς fa / \ 
τρεψαν: καὶ ὦ... λησαν τῷ Σκιπίωνι... μετὰ 
\ / / / / 
τὴν σύμβασιν... τήν τε φιλίαν K... Baiwoar’ 
καὶ τ... «νην ἐχαρίσαντο. .. 
.. αἰχμαλώτους ...e Τερέντιος els ... βου- 
n ΩΝ / \ “ > n 
λῆς ὧν TWidtov... καὶ ὥς τινα... ἀκολουθῆσαι. 


/ \ 5 7 b] / v ? / 
Σκιπίων μὲν οὖν μέγας ἐκ τούτων ἤρετο, ᾿Αννίβας 


Zonaras 9, 14. 

τὰς ὁμολογίας ἐδέξαντο, Kal ἔπεμψαν δέκα ἄνδρας, 
ἵνα μετὰ τοῦ Σκυπίωνος ἅπαντα διοικήσωσι. καὶ 
αἱ συμβάσεις ἐπράχθησαν, καὶ αἱ τριήρεις ἐδό- 
θησαν καὶ ἐκαύθησαν, καὶ τῶν ἐλεφάντων οἱ μὲν 
πλείους εἰς “τὴν Ῥώμην ἀπήχθησαν, τῷ Μασι- 
νίσσᾳ δὲ οἱ λοιποὶ ἐδωρήθησαν. καὶ Ῥωμαῖοι 
μὲν τὴν Λιβύην ἐξέλιπον, τὴν δ᾽ ᾿Ιταλίαν οἱ 
Καρχηδόνιοι. 

ὋὉ μὲν οὖν δεύτερος πόλεμος τῶν Καρχηδονίων 
ἔτει ἑκκαιδεκάτῳ ἐς τοῦτο κατήντησε: κἀντεῦθεν 
ὁ Σκιπίων λελάμπρυστο καὶ ᾿Αφρικανὸς ἐπε- 
κέκλητο" ᾿Αφρικὴ γὰρ ἥδε ἡ περὶ Καρχηδόνα 
Λιβύη ὠνόμαστο' πολλοῖς δὲ καὶ ἐλευθερωτὴς 
προσηγόρευτο, πολλοὺς πολίτας κομίσας αἰχμα- 
λώτους. καὶ ὁ μὲν μέγας ἐκ τούτων ἤρετο, 


272 


BOOK XVII 


to... dangers,.and, other...... affairs ο΄. . pun- 
ished; . . . and those . . . from great... 

And of the elephants the larger number were 
carried off to Rome, and the rest were presented to 


Masinissa ... of Carthaginians. . . and Africa... 

embas ... engage with the... permitted; and 

... Scipio. . . after the treaty . . . and friendship 
. . established; and ... favoured .. . 

. captives . .. Terentius one... being of the 

senate, .. cap... and thus one.. .. to follow. 


Scipio, accordingly, attained great prominence by 
these deeds, but Hannibal was even brought to 


Zonaras 9, 14. 


and they sent ten men to settle all the details 
in conjunction with Scipio. So the treaty was 
made, the triremes were given up and burned, and 
of the elephants the larger number were carried off 
to Rome, while the rest were presented to Masinissa. 
The Romans now left Africa, and the Cartha- 
ginians Italy. 

The second war, then, with the Carthaginians 
resulted in this way at the end of sixteen years. 
By it Scipio had been made illustrious, and he was 
given the title of Africanus (Africa was the name of 
that part of Libya surrounding Carthage), and many 
also called him Liberator because he had brought 
back many captive citizens. He, then, attained 
great prominence by these deeds; but Hannibal 


273 
VOL. Il. T 


76 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


δὲ καὶ ἐς δίκην παρὰ τοῖς οἰκείοις ἤχθη, καὶ ὡς 
/ 8η / \ nm \ \ ν᾽ / 
τήν Te Ῥώμην δυνηθεὶς λαβεῖν καὶ μὴ ἐθελήσας 
καὶ τὴν λείαν τὴν ἐκ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας σφετερισάμενος 
7 , / δ, ΟὟ > \ \ 
κατηγορήθη. ov μέντοι καὶ ἑάλω, ἀλλὰ Kal τὴν 
μεγίστην τῶν Καρχηδονίων ἀρχὴν οὐκ ἐς μακρὰν 


ἐπετράπη .. τα μὲν ἐπί τε...ν ὑπάτων γε... 
[οὶ 7 
τῇ Σικελίᾳ βε.. ; 
an \ ε lal 
..v@ Μᾶρκος... πον πεμφθεὶς... ὑπὸ τῶν 
a 5» ial > / 
στρατηγῶν... παρ᾽ αὐτῶν ἡ... ὥρθωσε πρεσ 
a / Ν / a i?” 
...9v τοῦ Φιλίππου Kal... τέ τινα ὃν AUTOS... 
7 : 
Καρχηδονίοις ἐπεπόμφει. . . uTos οὐδὲν εἰρη...ν 
a 
κεκρατηκότες... πολέμους TO wey... €-0n δόξῃ 
οὐδὲν ope . . KpoTépovs κατέστησαν.---Ῥ. 3 (p. 
462 sq.). 


Zonaras 9, 14-15. 

2 7 \ / \ na > / ς / 
AvviBas δὲ κατηγόρητο παρὰ τοῖς οἰκείοις ὡς τήν 

ς 7, a \ \ \ / \ 
te Ῥώμην λαβεῖν δυνηθεὶς καὶ μὴ θελήσας καὶ 
τὴν λείαν τὴν ἐκ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας σφετερισάμενος. 
οὐ μὴν καὶ ἑάλω, ἀλλὰ καὶ τὴν μεγίστην τῶν 
Καρχηδονίων ἀρχὴν οὐκ εἰς μακρὰν ἐπετράπη. 

15. Εἰς ἑτέρους δ᾽ αὖθις πολέμους οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι 
κατέστησαν, γενομένους πρὸς Φίλιππόν τε τὸν 
Μακεδόνα καὶ τὸν ᾿Αντίοχον. 


274 


BOOK XVII 


trial by his own people; he was accused of having 
refused to capture Rome when he was able to do so, 
and of having appropriated the plunder from Italy. 
He was not, however, convicted, but was shortly 


afterward entrusted with the highest office in 


Carthage... . 

eas |. . sent ..*. ‘bythe generals”? 
from them . . . was successful (?); embassy . . . of 
Philip and . . . and a certain one whom he himself 
. . . had sent to the Carthaginians . . . not at all 
peace ... having ‘vanquished ... wars in... 
no less in reputation . . . rendered [them] more. . . 


Zonaras 9, 14-15. 

was accused by his own people of having refused to 
capture Rome when he was able to do so, and of 
having appropriated the plunder from Italy. He was 
not, however, convicted, but was shortly afterward 
entrusted with the highest office in Carthage. 

15. The Romans now became involved in other 
wars, which were waged against Philip the Mace- 

donian and against Antiochus. 


275 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XVIII 


Zonaras 9, 15. 

Μέχρι yap ἡ πρὸς Καρχηδονίους ἤκμαζε μάχη, 
κἂν μὴ φίλια σφίσι τὰ περὶ τὸν Φίλιππον ἣν, 
ἐθεράπευον αὐτόν, ἵνα μὴ τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις 
συνάροιτο ἢ ἐς τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν στρατεύσοιτο' ἐπεὶ 
δὲ τὰ κατ᾽ ἐκείνους ἠρέμησαν, οὐκέτ᾽ ἐμέλλησαν, 
ἀλλ᾽ ἐς πόλεμον αὐτῷ κατέστησαν φανερόν, πολλὰ 
ἐγκαλοῦντες αὐτῷ. πρέσβεις οὖν οἱ Ρωμαῖοι 
πρὸς αὐτὸν πέμψαντες, ἐπεὶ μηδὲν ὧν ἐπετάττετο 
ἔπραττε, τὸν πόλεμον ἐψηφίσαντο, χρώμενοι μὲν 
τῇ τῶν “Ελλήνων ἐπιβασίᾳ λαβῇ, τὸ δ᾽ ἀληθὲς 
ἀγανακτοῦντες ἐφ᾽ οἷς ἐδεδράκει, καὶ προκατα- 
λαμβάνοντες αὐτόν, ἵνα μὴ καταδουλωσάμενος 
ἐκείνους ἐπὶ τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν στρατεύσῃ κατὰ τὸν 
Πύρρον. ψηφισάμενοι δὲ τὸν πόλεμον τά τε 
ἄλλα παρεσκευάσαντο εὖ καὶ στρατηγὸν ἐπὶ τοῦ 
ναυτικοῦ Λούκιον ᾿Απούστιον Σουλπικίῳ Γάλβᾳ 
δεδώκασι. καὶ ὁ Γάλβας τὸν Ἰόνιον κόλπον 
διαβαλὼν! ἐπὶ πολὺ ἐνόσησε. παραλαβόντες 
οὖν τὴν δύναμιν πᾶσαν ὅ τε ῥηθεὶς στρατηγὸς καὶ 
Κλαύδιος Κέντων ὁ ὑποστράτηγος, αὐτὸς μὲν τῷ 
ναυτικῷ τὰς ᾿Αθήνας ὑπὸ τῶν Μακεδόνων πολι- 
ορκουμένας ἐρρύσατο καὶ Χαλκίδα κατεχομένην 
ὑπ᾽ αὐτῶν ἐπόρθησε, κἀν τούτῳ Φιλίππου ταῖς 
᾿Αθήναις ἐπιστρατεύσαντος ἐπανελθὼν τότε 
αὐτὸν ἀπεώσατο καὶ μετὰ τοῦτο αὖθις προσβα- 
276 1 διαβαλὼν Haase, διαλαβὼν Mss. 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XVIII 


Zonaras 9, 15. 

As long as the struggle with the Carthaginians 
was at its height, they treated Philip with considera- 
tion, even though his attitude toward them was not 
one of friendliness ; for they wished to prevent him 
from combining with the Carthaginians or making 
an expedition into Italy. But as soon as they were 
at peace with Carthage, they no longer hesitated, 
but embarked upon open warfare with him, charging 
him with many injuries. Accordingly, they sent 
envoys to him, and when he complied with none of 
their demands, declared war. They took as a 
pretext his attack upon the Greeks, but their real 
reason was irritation at his general behaviour and 
a determination to forestall him, so that he should 
not be able to enslave Greece and make an expe- 
dition against Italy after the manner of Pyrrhus. 
And having declared war, they not only made 
thorough preparations in other respects, but also 
associated with Sulpicius Galba Lucius Apustius as 
admiral of the fleet. Now Galba after crossing the 
Ionian Gulf was sick for some time ; and accordingly 
the admiral just mentioned and the lieutenant, 
Claudius Cento, took charge of the whole force. 
Cento with the aid of the fleet rescued Athens, which 
was being besieged by the Macedonians, and sacked 
Chalcis, which was occupied by the same enemy. 
Meanwhile Philip marched against Athens, but Cento, 
returning, drove him back for the time being, and 
also repulsed him again on the occasion of a subse- 


277 


B.C. 200 


58 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


1 \ ὃ , \ δ κ᾿ > \ 
νον ἡ καὶ διέτριψαν συχνὰς ἡμέρας, ἐς μὲν 
\ / lal 
παράταξιν μὴ συνιόντες, ἀκροβολισμοῖς δέ τισι 
καὶ πείραις τῶν τε ψιλῶν καὶ τῶν ἱππέων 


Zonaras 9, 15. 
λόντα ἀπεκρούσατο, ᾿Απούστιος δ᾽ ἐς τὴν Make- 
/ fal 

Soviav, ἀσχόλου περὶ τὴν “Ελλάδα τοῦ Φιλίππου 
” b] A / ‘el / 4 
ὄντος, ἐμβαλὼν τήν τε γῆν ἐληίζετο Kal φρούρια 

\ , ᾽ ΄ , \ \ A 
καὶ πόλεις ᾿ἐχειβῶσῶτο. Φίλιππος δὲ διὰ ταῦτα 
ἐν ἀμηχανίᾳ γενόμενος τέως μὲν ἄνω καὶ κάτω 
περιέθει. adore ἄλλοις ἀμύνων, ὡς δὲ ὁ ᾿Απού- 
στιος τῇ χώρᾳ αὐτοῦ ἰσχυρῶς ἐνέκειτο καὶ οἱ 

\ / 

Δάρδανοι τὴν πρόσορον σφίσι Μακεδονίαν 
ἐκακούργουν (οἰκοῦσι δ᾽ οὗτοι ὑπέρ τε Ἰλλυριῶν 
καὶ ὑπὲρ Μακεδόνων) Ἰλλυριοί τέ τινες καὶ 
᾿Αμύνανδρος ᾿Αθαμανίας Θεσσαλεκοῦ γένους 
βασιλεὺς ὦν, σύμμαχοι πρότερον ὄντες αὐτοῦ, 
πρὸς τοὺς Ῥωμαίους μετέστησαν, ἐκ τούτου καὶ 
τὰ τῶν Αἰτωλῶν ὑπώπτευσε καὶ περὶ τοῖς οἴκοι 
ἔδεισε καὶ ἐκεῖ μετὰ τοῦ πλείονος στρατεύματος 
ἔσπευσε. γνοὺς δὲ τὴν πρόσοδον αὐτοῦ ὁ ᾿Απού- 
OTLOS ἀνεχώρησεν" ἤδη γὰρ καὶ χειμὼν ἦν. 

Ῥαΐσας δ᾽ ἐκ τῆς νόσου ὁ Taras πλείω παρε- 
σκευάσατο δύναμιν καὶ ἅμα ἔαρι εἰς τὴν Μακε- 

/ > / > \ 3.» / > / > 
δονίαν ἠπείγετο. ἐπεὶ δ᾽ ἐπλησίασαν ἀλλήλοις, ἀντ- 
εστρατοπεδεύσαντο, καὶ ἀκροβολισμοῖς ἐχρῶντο 
τῶν ἱππέων καὶ τῶν ψιλῶν. μεταστάντων δὲ 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 1128. 
᾿Εγὼ δὲ τοὺς Aapdavious ἔθνος εὗρον οἰκοῦντας 
ς 7 3 \ U 
ὑπέρ τε ᾿Ιλλυριῶν καὶ Μακεδόνων. 


1 Cf. note on p. 270. §§ 1-4 and 5 are practically 'com- 
plete in the Ms., so that there is little doubt regarding the 


278 


BOOK XVIII 


... Ano they delayed for several days, not 
meeting in battle array, but engaging in skirmishes 
and encounters with the light-armed troops and the 


Zonaras 9, 15. 

quent assault. Apustius, while Philip was busy with 
Greece, had invaded Macedonia, and was plundering 
the country as well as subduing garrisons and cities. 
For these reasons Philip was at his wit’s end, 
and for a time rushed about hither and thither, de- 
fending now one place and now another. This he 
did until his own country came to be severely harried 
by Apustius, and the Dardanians, who dwell above 
the Illyrians and the Macedonians, were injuring the 
part of Macedonia close to their borders, and some 
Illyrians, together with Amynander, king of the 
Athamanians, a Thessalian tribe, though they had 
previously been his allies, now transferred them- 
selves to the Roman side. In view of all this he 
became suspicious of the loyalty of the Aetolians 
and feared for his interests at home, and he hastened 
thither with the larger part of his army. Apustius, 
apprised of his approach, retired ; for by this time it 
was winter. 

Galba, on recovering from his illness, made ready 
a still larger force and at the beginning of spring 
hastened into Macedonia. When the two leaders 
drew near together they pitched camp opposite each 
other and engaged in skirmishes with the cavalry 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 1128. 


I found the Dardanians to be a race dwelling 
above the Illyrians and Macedonians. 


text. In §6 some of the letters and words supplied by Bs. 
are here omitted. 


279 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


, ε \ \ ¢ a > 4 
χρώμενοι. οἱ μὲν yap Ῥωμαῖοι ἠπείγοντο ὅτι 
A fal \ 
τάχιστα συμβαλεῖν. τῇ" τε yap δυνάμει ἔρρωντο 
\ \ ’ \ Ss \ a 
καὶ τροφὴν ov πολλὴν εἶχον, Kal διὰ ταῦτα 

7 Ν \ \ / / / 
πολλάκις καὶ πρὸς TO χαράκωμά σῴφων προσέ- 
ς \ / a 
2 proyov' ὁ δὲ δὴ Φίλιππος τοῖς μὲν ὅπλοις ἀσθε.- 
A a a a 
νέστερος ὦν, TH δὲ παρασκευῇ τῶν ἐπιτηδείων 
x \ \ / 
διὰ τὸ τὴν οἰκείαν οἱ ἐγγὺς εἶναι προφέρων 
ἀνεῖχεν, ἐκτρυχώσειν αὐτοὺς ἀμαχεὶ προσδοκήσας. 
καὶ εἴπερ ἐκεκρατήκει τῆς γνώμης, πάντως ἄν 
/ fa) / a ς 
τι ἐξείργαστο" νῦν δὲ καταφρονήσας τῶν Ῥωμαίων 
e / ΣΝ v4 Ν / v4 
ὡς φοβουμένων αὐτόν, ὅτι πρὸς χωρίον τι ὅθεν 
/ / fal rs a 
ἐπισιτίσασθαί σφισι λῷον ἣν μετέστησαν, ἐπῆλθέ 
a \ 
τε αὐτοῖς ἁρπαγὰς ποιουμένοις ἀπροσδόκητος 
, \ / > , \ a e 
8 καί τινας Kal διέφθειρεν. αἰσθόμενος δὲ τοῦτο ὁ 
> a 
Γάλβας ἐπεξέδραμεν ἐκ τοῦ στρατοπέδου, καὶ 
\ A \ 4 a 
προσπεσὼν αὐτῷ μὴ προσδεχομένῳ πολλῷ 
πλείους ἀνταπέκτεινεν. ἡττηθείς τε καὶ προσέτι 
\ \ > / \ / Μ b 9 
καὶ τρωθεὶς OUKETL κατὰ χώραν ἐμεῖινεν, ἀλλ 
ς 7 \ \ > / \ \ \ a 
ἡμέρας τινὰς πρὸς ἀναίρεσιν Kal ταφὴν δὴ τῶν 


Zonaras 9, 15. 
τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἔς τι χωρίον ὅθεν ῥᾷον ἣν αὐτοῖ 
μ ς TL Xwp ῥᾷον ἣν αὐτοῖς 

5 / / ξ , 
ἐπισιτίσασθαι, νομίσας ὁ Φίλιππος ὡς φοβου- 
μένους αὐτὸν μεταστῆναι, ἐπῆλθεν αὐτοῖς ποιου- 

/ ς Ν > / , / 

μένοις ἁρπαγὰς ἀπροσδόκητος καί τινας διέφθειρε. 
καὶ ὁ Τάλβας τοῦτο αἰσθομενος ἐπεξέδραμεν ἐκ 
τοῦ στρατοπέδου καὶ προσπεσὼν αὐτῷ πολλῷ 
/ > / « / » e \ 
πλείους ἀνταπέκτεινεν. ὁ δέ γς Φίλιππος ἡττηθεὶς 


280 


BOOK XVIII 


cavalry. The Romans, for their part, were eager to 
_ join battle with all speed ; for their force was ἃ strong 
one and they had few provisions, and consequently 
they would often advance even to the foe’s palisade. 
Philip, on the other hand, was weaker in point of 
armed followers, but his supply of provisions was 
better than theirs because his own country was close 
by; so he waited, expecting to wear them out with- 
out a conflict, and if he had possessed self-control, he 
certainly would have accomplished something. As 
it was, he became contemptuous of the Romans, 
thinking that they feared him, because they had trans- 
ferred their camp to a certain place from which they 
could get food more readily ; he thereupon attacked 
them unexpectedly while they were engaged in 
plundering and managed to killa few. On perceiving 
this, Galba made a sortie from the camp, attacked 
him while off his guard and slew many more in 
his turn. Philip, defeated and also wounded, no 
longer held his ground, but after arranging a truce 


Zonaras 9, 15. 


and light-armed troops. But when the Romans trans- 
ferred their camp to a certain place from which they 
could get food more easily, Philip thought they had 
shifted their position out of fear of him; therefore 
he attacked them unexpectedly while they were 
engaged in plundering and killed a few of them. 
Galba, on perceiving this, made a sortie from the 
camp, attacked him and slew many more in his turn. 
Philip, then, defeated and wounded, withdrew at 


281 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


A \ \ 
νεκρῶν σπεισάμενος ἔπειτα ὑπὸ τὴν πρώτην νύκτα 
4 ἀπανέστη. οὐ μέντοι ὁ ᾿άλβας ἐπεδίωξεν αὐτόν' 
a \ > / lal A \ a ’ / 
Th τε yap ἀπορίᾳ τῶν τροφῶν Kal TH ἀπειρίᾳ 
“ / \ \ \ a \ lal ᾽ / 
τῶν χωρίων, TO δὲ δὴ πλεῖστον Kal TH ἀγνωσίᾳ 
fal “ » fal \ / > 
τῆς παρασκευῆς αὐτοῦ καὶ δέει μὴ ἀπερισκέπτως 
ποι προχωρῶν σφαλῇ, οὐκ ἠθέλησε περαιτέρω 
a ’ > > \ b / > / 
προχωρῆσαι, ἀλλ᾽ ἐς τὴν ᾿Απολλωνίαν ἀνεκομί- 
σθησαν. κἀν τούτῳ καὶ ὁ ᾿Απούστιος μετὰ τῶν 
«ς / \ \ a? / / \ 
Ῥοδίων καὶ μετὰ τοῦ ᾿Αττάλου περιπλέων συχνὰς 
μὲν νήσους ἐχειρώσατο... (four or five lines 
wanting in Ms.) 
U ΄ ᾽ 
.. +. οὗ Ἴνσουμβροι ἐταράχθησαν: ᾿Αμίλκας 
γάρ τις Καρχηδόνιος τῷ τε Μάγωνι συστρατεύσας 
“ 7 / / 
καὶ ἐν τοῖς χωρίοις ἐκείνοις ὑπομείνας τέως μὲν 
ς / 3 » la) > ὃ {0 » \ δ᾽ ς 
ἡσυχίαν εἶχεν, ἀγαπῶν εἰ διαλάθοι, ἐπεὶ ὁ 
/ 
Μακεδονικὸς πόλεμος ἐνέστη, τούς τε Γαλάτας 
ἀπέστησε τῶν Ρωμαίων καὶ pet αὐτῶν ἐπὶ 


Zonaras 9, 15. 

\ \ Ὁ \ 7 ’ 7 > / 
καὶ τρωθεὶς ὑπὸ νύκτα ἀπανέστη. οὐ μέντοι 
id / > \ > 
αὐτὸν ὁ Γάλβας ἐπεδίωξεν, ἀλλ᾽ εἰς τὴν ᾿Απολ- 

\ a 
λωνίαν ἀνεκομίσθη. καὶ ᾿Απούστιος δὲ μετὰ τῶν 
ς / \ a > / Ve / 
Ροδίων καὶ τοῦ ᾿Αττάλου περιπλέων νήσους 

/ 
συχνὰς ἐχειρώσατο. 
\ / / ? / 
Kata δὲ τὸν αὐτὸν χρόνον καί τις ᾿Αμίλκας 
A / > / 
Καρχηδόνιος, τῷ Μάγωνι ove tpatevoas ἐν ᾿Ιταλίᾳ 
an / / ἮΝ 
κἀκεῖ ὑπομείνας, τέως μὲν ἡσυχίαν ἦγεν, ὡς δ᾽ ὁ 
, 
Μακεδονικὸς πόλεμος ἐνέστη, τούς τε Laddtas 
τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἀπέστησε καὶ pet αὐτῶν ἐπὶ 
282 


oe 


BOOK XVIII 


of some days, ostensibly for the taking up and burial 
of the dead, he withdrew on the very first night. 
-Galba, however, did not follow him up; for being 
short of provisions, ignorant of the country, and in 
particular not knowing his adversary’s strength, 
he feared that if he advanced incautiously anywhere 
he might come to grief. For these reasons he was 
unwilling to proceed farther, but retired with his 
men to Apollonia. During this same time Apustius 
with the Rhodians and with Attalus cruised about 
and subjugated many of the islands .. . 

. . . the Insubres were stirred up. Hamilcar, a 
Carthaginian, who had served with Mago and had re- 
mained unnoticed in those regions, had been keeping 
quiet for the time being, satisfied if only he might 
elude discovery ; but as soon as the Macedonian war 
broke out, he caused the Gauls to revolt from the 
Romans. Then with the rebels he made an expedition 


Zonaras 9, 15. 
nightfall. Galba, however, did not follow him up, 
but retired to Apollonia. Apustius with the Rhod- 
ians and with Attalus cruised about and subjugated 
many of the islands. 

About the same time Hamilcar, a Carthaginian 
who had served with Mago in Italy and had remained 
there unnoticed, keeping quiet for the time being, 
caused the Gauls, as soon as the Macedonian war 
broke out, to revolt from the Romans; then with 
the rebels he made an expedition against the Ligu- 


283 


6 


57,81 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Λίγυας στρατεύσας Kal ἐκείνων τινὰς προσεποιή- 
σατο' μάχης δέ σφισι μετὰ ταῦτα πρὸς τὸν 
Λούκιον Φούριον στρατηγὸν γενομένης ἡττήθησαν 
καὶ ἐπρεσβεύσαντο σπονδῶν δεόμενοι. καὶ οἱ μὲν 
Λίγυες ἔτυχον aUTOV' ...Y%..V...p.oW.. Kk. 
o .. δεινὸν μὲν .. ouve. nu. d..v... éku- 
ρίευεν €. . . Tals ἐπε. hak ἐστ. .ὃ. γεω..ν 
1+. 0UK..€...€..U.€5 τὴν EY. pny: .. LXOeio 
... 07... . τῶν ἐπινικίων τυχεῖν ἠξίου: λόγων 
τε ἐπ᾿ ἀμφότερα πολλῶν γενομένων (οἱ μὲν γὰρ 
ἄλλως τε καὶ πρὸς τὴν τοῦ Αὐρηλίου κακοήθειαν 
συνεσπούδαζον αὐτῷ, καὶ τήν τε νίκην ἐμεγάλυνον 
καὶ παραδείγμασι πολλοῖς ἐχρῶντο: οἱ δὲ τῇ τε τοῦ 
ὑπάτου ἰσχύι ἠγωνίσθαι αὐτὸν ἔλεγον, μηδεμίαν 
ἰδίαν αὐτοκράτορα ἀρχὴν ἔχοντα, καὶ προσέτι καὶ 
λόγον παρ᾽ αὐτοῦ ἀπήτουν ὅτι τὰ προσταχθέντα 
οὐκ ἐπεποιήκει) ὅμως ἔλαβεν αὐτά. καὶ ὁ μὲν 
ἐκεῖνα pw rov...€..0e0..v? ἑώρτασεν. 

ὋὉ δὲ δὴ Oveppiva...eot.€ μὲν παρὰ τῶν 
εχ. .---Ῥ 4 (pp. 464 sq.). 

Zonaras 9, 15. 
Λίγυας στρατεύσας τινὰς κἀκείνων προσεποι- 
ἤσατο. Λουκίῳ δὲ Φουρίῳ στρατηγοῦντι πολεμη- 
θέντες ἡττήθησαν καὶ περὶ σπονδῶν ἐπρεσβεύ- 
σαντο. καὶ οἱ μὲν Λίγυες ἔτυχον αὐτῶν, τοῖς 
ἄλλοις δὲ οὐκ ἐδόθησαν, ἀλλ᾽ ἀντεστράτευσεν. ἐπ᾽ 
αὐτοὺς Αὐρήλιος ὁ ὕπατος, φθονήσας τῆς νίκης 
τῷ στρατηγῷ. 
1 


ἐκεῖνα Bs., ἐκεῖνο (2) Ms. 


ΣΝ 2 πρὶν τὸν Αὐρήλιον ἐπανελθεῖν suggested by Bs. 


BOOK XVIII 


against the Ligurians and won over some of them 
also ; later they had a battle with the praetor Lucius 
Furius, were defeated, and sent envoys asking for 
peace. The Ligurians obtained this..... he 
thought he ought to be granted a triumph, and 
many arguments were presented on both sides. 
Some, especially in view of the animosity shown by 
Aurelius, eagerly furthered his cause, magnifying his 
victory, and citing many precedents. Others declared 
he had contended with the consul’s troops and had 
no independent authority of his own ; and further- 
more they even demanded an explanation from him 
for his failure to carry out his instructions. How- 
ever, he won his triumph, which he celebrated before 
[Aurelius returned (?)]. 
Vermina ... fromthe... 


Zonaras 9, 15. 

rians and won over some of them also. They fought 
with Lucius Furius the praetor, were defeated, and 
sent envoys regarding peace. The Ligurians ob- 
tained this, but it was not granted to the others. 
Instead, Aurelius the consul, who was jealous of the 
praetor’s victory, conducted a retaliatory campaign 
against them. 


285 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 15-16, 
Τῷ δ᾽ ἑξῆς ἔτει πρὸς tod ᾿Αμίλκα καὶ τῶν 
Γαλατῶν συνηνέχθη πολλὰ καὶ δεινά. Γναῖόν τε 
γὰρ Βαίβιον στρατηγὸν ἐνίκησαν καὶ τὴν συμμα- 
χίδα τῶν Ῥωμαίων κατέτρεχον, καὶ Πλακεντίαν 
ἐπολιόρκουν καὶ ἑλόντες κατέσκαψαν. 

16. ᾽ν δὲ τῇ Ἑλλάδι καὶ τῇ Μακεδονίᾳ Ἰ]ού- 
πλιος Οὐΐλλιος * ὁ ὕπατος ἀντεκάθητο τῷ Φιλίπ- 
πῳ, τὰ τῆς Ἠπείρου προκαταλαβόντι στενά, δι᾽ 
ὧν εἰς τὴν Μακεδονίαν εἰσὶν εἰσβολαί. μετὰ 
δὲ τὸν χειμῶνα Τίτος Φλαμίνιος ὕπατος, τοῦ 
Φιλίππου πᾶν τὸ μεταξὺ τῶν ὀρῶν διατειχίσαντος 
καὶ ὄντος δυσπολεμήτου, διά τινος ἐκπεριῆλθε 
στενῆς ἀτραποῦ μετ᾽ ὀλίγων τὸ περιτείχισμα. 
καὶ φανεὶς ἐξ ὑπερδεξίων αἰφνίδιον ἐφόβησε τὸν 
Φίλιππον, νομίσαντα πᾶν τὸ τοῦ Τίτου στρά- 
τευμα εἴσω τῶν στενῶν παρελθεῖν: ὅθεν καὶ εἰς 
τὴν Μακεδονίαν ἀπῆρεν εὐθύς. ὁ δ᾽ ὕπατος 
ἐκεῖνον μὲν οὐκ ἐδίωξε, τὰς δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Ἠπείρῳ 
πόλεις προσεποιήσατο. καὶ ἐς Θεσσαλίαν ἐλθὼν 
πολλὰ παρεσπάσατο τοῦ Φιλίππου, καὶ εἰς τὴν 
Φωκίδα τὴν Βοιωτίαν τε ἀνεχώρησε. καὶ ὁ μὲν 
᾿Ελάτειαν ἐπολιόρκει, Λούκιος δὲ Φλαμίνιος ὃ 
ἀδελφὸς αὐτοῦ μετὰ τοῦ ᾿Αττάλου καὶ τῶν Ῥοδίων 
τὰς νήσους ἐχειροῦτο. καὶ τέλος Κεγχρειὰν 
ἑλόντες, καὶ πυθόμενοι πρέσβεις πρὸς τοὺς 
᾿Αχαιοὺς ἐπὶ συμμαχίᾳ πεπέμφθαι, ἀπέστειλαν 
καὶ αὐτοί: καὶ ᾿Αθηναῖοι συνεπρεσβεύσαντο. καὶ 
πρότερον μὲν ἐμερίσθησαν αἱ γνῶμαι τῶν ᾿Αχαιῶν, 
τῶν μὲν τῷ Φιλίππῳ τὴν συμμαχίαν _vnde- 
ζομένων, τῶν δὲ τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις, ὀψὲ δ᾽ οὖν ποτε 
τὴν βοήθειαν αὐτοῖς ἐψηφίσαντο. καὶ ἐπὶ τὴν 


286 1 Οὐίλλιος Pinder, οὐιάλιος BCA, οὐάλιος ec. 


BOOK XVIII 


Zonaras 9, 15-16. 


The following year a great deal of havoc was ..c. 199 


caused by Hamilear and the Gauls. They con- 
quered the praetor Gnaeus Baebius, overran the 
territory which was in alliance with the Romans, 
besieged Placentia, and after capturing it razed it to 
the ground. 

16. To return to the campaign in Greece and 
Macedonia— Publius Villius the consul was encamped 
opposite Philip, who had previously occupied the 
passes of Epirus, through which are the approaches 
to Macedonia. Philip had extended a wall across 
the entire mountain region in between and held a 
formidable position, but the consul Titus Flamininus ! 
at the end of winter got around the wall with a few 
followers by a narrow path. And appearing sud- 
denly on higher ground, he terrified Philip, who 
thought that the whole army of Titus had got 
inside the pass. Hence he fell back into Mace- 
donia at once. The consul did not pursue him, but 
won over the cities in Epirus. He also went into 
Thessaly and detached a good part of it from Philip, 
and then retired into Phocis and Boeotia. While he 
was besieging Elatea his brother Lucius Flamininus 
in company with Attalus and the Rhodians was 
subjugating the islands. Finally, after the capture 
of Cenchreae, they learned that envoys had been 
sent to the Achaeans to see about an alliance, and 
they despatched some themselves in turn, the 
Athenians also joining the embassy. And at first 
the opinions of the Achaeans were divided, some 
wishing to vote an alliance with Philip and some 
with the Romans; eventually, however, they voted 
assistance to the latter. And they joined in an 


1 Zonaras always writes Flaminius. 


287 


B.c. 198 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 16. 
Κόρινθον συνεστράτευσαν, καὶ τοῦ μὲν τείχους 
κατήρειψάν τινα, πονήσαντες δ᾽ ἐπεκδρομαῖς 
ἀπανέστησαν. 

Kita δείσας ὁ Φίλιππος μὴ πολλαὶ πόλεις 
ἁλῶσιν, ὑπὲρ εἰρήνης πρὸς τὸν ὕπατον ἐπεκη- 
ρυκεύσατο. καὶ ὃς ἐδέξατο τοὺς λόγους αὐτοῦ, 
καὶ συνῆλθον αὐτοὶ καὶ οἱ σύμμαχοι, ἐπράχθη 
δ᾽ οὐδὲν ἢ ὅτι πρέσβεις ἐς Ῥώμην πέμψαι τῷ 
Φιλίππῳ ἐπετράπη. καὶ οὐδὲ ἐκεῖ τι ἐγένετο" 
τῶν γὰρ “Ελλήνων ἀποστῆναι αὐτὸν ἀξιούντων 
τῆς τε Κορίνθου καὶ τῆς Χαλκίδος τῆς τε , Δημη- 
τριάδος τῆς Θεσσαλικῆς, οὐδὲν περὶ τούτων οἱ 
τοῦ Φιλίππου πρέσβεις ἐντετάλθαι ἔφασαν, καὶ 
ἄπρακτοι ἀπηλλάγησαν. 

Oi 8 & τῇ Ῥώμῃ τῷ Φλαμινίῳ τὴν ἐν τῇ 
Ἑλλάδι ἡγεμονίαν καὶ és τὸ ἐπιὸν ψηφισάμενοι 
ἔτος, αὐτῷ ἀνέθεντο καὶ τὰ κατὰ Φίλιππον. 
ὁ δέ, ὅτι κατὰ χώραν ἔμελλε μένειν, πρὸς πόλεμον 
ἡτοιμάζετο, καὶ μᾶλλον ὅτε καὶ Νάβις ὁ τῶν 
Λακεδαιμονίων τύραννος ἐσπείσατό οἱ, καίτοι 
φίλος ὧν τοῦ Φιλίππου καὶ τὸ “Apyos λαβὼν 
παρ᾽ αὐτοῦ. ἀδυνατῶν γὰρ ὁ Μακεδὼν πολλὰ 
διέπειν ὁμοῦ, καὶ δείσας μὴ τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις ἡ 
πόλις ληφθῇ, τῷ Νάβιδι αὐτήν, ἵν’ αὖθις 
ἀποδοίη, παρακατέθετο. 

Αἰλίου δὲ Iérov τοῦ ὑπάτου στρατεύσαντος 
ἐπὶ τοὺς Γαλάτας, πολλοὶ ἀπ᾽ ἀμφοτέρων ἀπώλ- 
λυντο προσμιγνύντες ἀλλήλοις, καίριον δέ τι 
ἐπράχθη οὐδέν. οἱ δ᾽ ὅμηροι τῶν Καρχηδονίων 
οἵ τε δοῦλοι οἱ μετ᾽ αὐτῶν καὶ οἵ τισι πεπραμένοι 


288 


BOOK XVIII 


Zonaras 9, 16. 


expedition against Corinth, where they succeeded in 
demolishing portions of the wall, but retired after 
losses suffered through sorties on the part of the 
citizens. 

Then Philip, fearing that many cities might be 
taken, made overtures to the consul regarding 
peace. The latter accepted his proposals and they 
and their allies met together; but nothing was 
accomplished except that permission was granted 
Philip to send envoys to Rome. Nor was anything 
effected there either. For when the Greeks insisted 
that he depart from Corinth and Chalcis and from 
Demetrias in Thessaly, the envoys of Philip said 
they had received no instructions on this point ; and 
they departed without accomplishing anything. 

The people of Rome voted to Flamininus the 
command in Greece for another year and also com- 
mitted to his charge the campaign against Philip. 
Accordingly, since he was to remain at his post, 
he set about preparing for war, the more readily 
because the Lacedemonian tyrant, Nabis, although 
a friend of Philip, from whom he had received Argos, 
had made peace with him. It was because Philip 
was unable to look after so many districts at once 
and because he feared the city might be seized by 
the Romans that he had entrusted Argos to Nabis, 
to be restored again. 

In a campaign of the consul Aelius Paetus against 
the Gauls many perished on both sides in the con- 
flicts, and no advantage was gained. Furthermore, 
the Carthaginian hostages, together with the slaves 
accompanying them and the captives who had 
been sold to various persons, had the hardihood to 

289 


VOL. II. U 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 16. 


αἰχμάλωτοι, κατασχεῖν τὰς πόλεις ἐν als ἕκαστοι 
τὰς διατριβὰς ἐποιοῦντο τολμήσαντες, καὶ πολ- 
λοὺς τῶν ἐπιχωρίων φονεύσαντες, καθῃρέθησαν 
ὑπὸ Κορνηλίου Λεντούλου στρατηγοῦ πρὶν μεῖζόν 
τι ἐξεργάσασθαι. οἱ μέντοι Ἰ'αλάται εὐτυχίαις 
τε ἐπαιρόμενοι καὶ τοὺς “Ρωμαίους ἐν παρέργῳ 
σφίσι πολεμοῦντας αἰσθόμενοι παρεσκευάσαντο 
ὡς καὶ ἐπὶ τὴν Ρώμην ἐλάσοντες. δείσαντες οὖν 

“Ῥωμαῖοι ἄμφω τοὺς ὑπάτους Κορνήλιον Κέθη- 
γον καὶ Μινούκιον Ῥοῦφον ἐπὶ τοὺς Γαλάτας 
ἔπεμψαν' οἱ διαιρεθέντες ἄχλος ἄλλην ἐπόρθουν 
χώραν. πρὸς οὖν τοὺς ὑπάτους καὶ οἱ πολέμιοι 
διῃρέθησαν, καὶ οἱ μὲν τῷ Κεθήγῳ μετὰ τοῦ 
᾿Αμίλκου συμβαλόντες ἡττήθησαν, οἱ λοιποὶ δὲ 
τοῦτο YyvovTes ἀπεδειλίασαν καὶ οὐκέτι τῷ 
Ῥούφῳ συνέβαλον, arr ἀδεῶς ἐκεῖνος τὴν χώραν 
κατέτρεχε. καὶ οἱ μὲν τῷ Κεθήγῳ πολεμήσαντες 
σπονδὰς ἐποιήσαντο, οἱ δ᾽ ἄλλοι ἐν τοῖς ὅπλοις 
ἔτι ἐτύγχανον. 

Τότε δὲ καὶ ὁ Φλαμίνιος μετὰ τοῦ ᾿Αττάλου 
τὴν Βοιωτίαν ἅπασαν ὑπηγάγετο. καὶ ὁ μὲν 
[Ἄτταλος ἐν τῷ δημηγορεῖν αὐτοῖς ὑπὸ γήρως 
ἀπέψυξεν, ὁ δέ γε Φλαμίνιος ἐς τὴν Θεσσαλίαν 
ἐλθὼν τῷ Φιλίππῳ προσέμιξε. καὶ ἱππομαχίαν 
ἐποιήσαντο" τὸ γὰρ χωρίον οὐκ ἐπιτήδειον πρὸς 
μείξω μάχην ἦν' διὸ καὶ ἄμφω ἀπανέστησαν. 
καὶ πρός τινα λόφον γενόμενοι, οὗ τὴν ἀκρωνυχίαν 
Κυνὸς κεφαλὴν ὀνομάζουσιν, οἱ μὲν ἔνθεν οἱ δ᾽ 
ἐκεῖθεν ηὐλίσαντο. καὶ μαχεσάμενοι τοῖς στρα- 
τεύμασιν ἅπασιν ἰσοπαλεῖς ἂν ἀπηλλάγησαν, εἰ 


290 


——— a παι θη 


BOOK XVIII 


Zonaras 9, 16. 


take possession of the several cities in which they 
were living; but after slaughtering many of the 
native population they were overthrown by the 
praetor Cornelius Lentulus before they had done 
any more mischief. The Gauls, however, elated by 
their successes, and aware of the fact that the 
Romans were paying only slight heed to the war 
against them, prepared to march upon Rome itself. 
The Romans consequently became afraid and sent 
both the consuls, Cornelius Cethegus and Minucius 
Rufus, against the Gauls. The consuls parted 
company and each ravaged a different district ; 
accordingly the enemy also divided forces to meet 
them. One band under Hamilcar encountered 
Cethegus and was defeated ; the rest upon learning 
of this became faint-hearted and would no longer face 
Rufus, and he consequently overran the country at 
will. Those who had fought against Cethegus then 
made peace, while the remainder still continued 
under arms. 

At this time Flamininus in company with Attalus 
reduced the whole of Boeotia. Attalus, however, 
expired of old age in the midst of a speech which 
he was making to the people there ; and Flamininus 
went into Thessaly, where he came into collision with 
Philip. It was only a cavalry skirmish in which 
they engaged, for the ground was not suitable for a 
battle on a larger scale ; hence both withdrew. And 
having reached a certain hill, the top ridge of which 
is called Dog’s Head [Cynoscephalé]}, they encamped, 
one on one side, the other on the other. Here they 
fought with their entire armies, and would have 
separated with the contest undecided, had not the 

201 
υ 2 


B.c, 197 


60 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ ε / - Lal 
"Ore ὁ Φίλιππος ἡττηθεὶς ἐπεκηρυκεύσατο τῷ 
Φλαμινίνῳ:' καὶ ὅς, εἰ καὶ τὰ μάλιστα καὶ 
a / ᾽ / \ a / € 
τῆς Μακεδονίας ἐγλίχετο καὶ τῇ παρούσῃ οἱ 
> Pay : 2. ὧν > θ “ Θ᾽ θύ “ > ΄ 
εὐτυχίᾳ ἐπίπαν ἐπεξελθεῖν" ἐπεθύμει, ὅμως ἐσπεί- 
σατο. αἴτιον δὲ ὅτι ἐφοβήθη μὴ οἵ τε “λληνες 
e / ᾽ lal / / \ \ 
ὑπεξαιρεθέντος αὐτοῦ τό Te φρόνημα TO παλαιὸν 
᾽ 7, \ n ailiy / \ 
ἀναλάβωσι καὶ σφᾶς οὐκέτι θεραπεύσωσι, καὶ 
c » \ b] / \ / > / vd 
ot Αἰτωλοὶ ἐν μεγάλῳ Kal τότε αὐχήματι, OTL 
a “ 7 
τὸ πλεῖστον τῆς νίκης κατειργάσαντο, ὄντες 
/ ty 
ἐπαχθέστεροί σφισι γένωνται, ὅ τε ᾿Αντίοχος 
” a > , “ ) / Μ- 
ἔς τε τῆν Kvpwrnv, ὥσπερ ἠγγέλλετο, ἔλθῃ 
[οὶ / 
καὶ τῷ Φιλίππῳ συμμαχήσῃ.--- 11 (p. 381). 


Zonaras 9, 16. 

μὴ οἱ Αἰτωλοὶ ἐπικρατεστέρους τοὺς Ῥωμαίους 
ἐποίησαν. ἡττηθεὶς οὖν ὁ Φίλεππος καὶ φυγών, 
εἶτα μαθὼν τήν τε Λάρισσαν καὶ τὰς περὶ αὐτὴν 
πόλεις τὰ τοῦ νικήσαντος ἡρημένας, ἐπεκηρυκεύ- 
σατο τῷ Φλαμινίῳ. καὶ ὃς ἐσπείσατο, χρήματά 
τε τοῦ Φιλίππου δόντος καὶ ὁμήρους ἄλλους τε 
καὶ τὸν οἰκεῖον υἱὸν Δημήτριον, καὶ πρέσβεις ὑπὲρ 
τῆς εἰρήνης εἰς τὴν Ῥώμην ἐκπέμψαντος. 

Ἔν ᾧ δὲ ταῦτα ἐπράττετο καὶ ᾿Ανδροσθένης 
ἐνικήθη ὑπὸ τῶν ᾿Αχαιῶν καὶ τὴν Κόρινθον 
ἀπέβαλε. καὶ ὁ Φλαμίνιος ὁ Λούκιος ἐπὶ τοῦ 
ναυτικοῦ ὦν, ἐπεὶ μὴ ἔπειθε τοὺς ᾿Ακαρνᾶνας 
μὴ συμμαχεῖν τῷ Φιλίππῳ, τήν τε Λευκάδα 
πολιορκίᾳ εἷλε κἀκείνους μετὰ τοῦτο τὴν ἧτταν 
τοῦ Φιλίππου γνόντας ῥᾷον συμπαρεστήσατο. 


1 Φλαμινίνῳ Urs., φλαμινίῳ Mss. 
292 2 ἐπεξελθεῖν Leuncl., ἐξελθεῖν Mss, 


BOOK XVIII 


Philip after his defeat made overtures ἴο 
Flamininus. And the latter, however eagerly he 
coveted Macedonia also and desired to follow up 
his present good fortune to the utmost, nevertheless 
made a truce. This was due to his fear that if Philip 
were out of the way, the Greeks might recover their 
ancient spirit and no longer pay court to the Romans, 
that the Aetolians, already filled with great boast- 
fulness because they had contributed the largest 
share to the victory, might become more trouble- 
some to them, and that Antiochus might, as was 
reported, come to Europe and form an alliance with 


Philip. 


Zonaras 9, 16. 


Aetolians caused the Romans to prevail. So Philip 
was defeated and fled, and afterward, learning that 
Larissa and the neighbouring cities had chosen 
the side of the victors, he made overtures to 
Flamininus. And the latter made a truce after 
Philip had given money and hostages, among them 
his own son Demetrius, and had sent out envoys to 
Rome in regard to peace. 

During the period of these campaigns Androsthe- 
nes also had been vanquished by the Achaeans and had 
lost Corinth. And Lucius Flamininus, who was in 
charge of the fleet, when he could not persuade the 
Acarnanians to refrain from allying themselves with 
Philip, besieged and captured Leucas; later they 
learned of Philip’s defeat, and he secured their 
submission with greater ease. 


293 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 16-17. 


Οὕτω μὲν οὖν ὁ Μακεδονικὸς ἐλέλυτο πόλεμος, 
καὶ οἱ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ τῷ Φιλίππῳ ἑτοιμότατα 
συνηλλάγησαν ἐπὶ τῷ τοὺς αἰχμαλώτους καὶ 
τοὺς αὐτομόλους ἀποδοῦναι καὶ τοὺς ἐλέφαντας 
τάς τε τριήρεις πλὴν πέντε καὶ τῆς στρατηγίδος 
αὐτῆς οὔσης ἑκκαιδεκήρους, καὶ χρήματα τὰ 
μὲν αὐτίκα δοῦναι, τὰ δὲ καὶ ἐν τάξεσί τισι, 
καὶ μόνης τῆς Μακεδονίας βασιλεύειν, μὴ πλείους 
τ᾽ ἔχειν στρατιώτας τῶν πεντακισχιλίων, μήτε 
πόλεμον ἔξω τῆς ἑαυτοῦ χώρας ποιεῖσθαί τινι. 
τὰς γὰρ ἄλλας πόλεις τάς τε ἐν τῇ ᾿Ασίᾳ 
καὶ ἐν τῇ Εὐρώπῃ τὰς πρὶν δουλευούσας αὐτῷ 
ἐλευθέρας ἀφῆκαν. 

Οἱ δ᾽ ὕπατοι τοῖς Ἰαλάταις αὖθις οὐκ ἀταλαι- 
πώρως ἐπολέμησαν, ὅμως μέντοι καὶ τούτους 
ὑπέταξαν. 

11. Πόρκιος δὲ Κάτων ὕπατος αἱρεθεὶς τὴν 
Ἰβηρίαν μικροῦ πᾶσαν ἀλχλοτριωθεῖσαν ἀνεκτή- 
σατο, «ἀνὴρ ἀρετῇ πάσῃ τοὺς τότε νικῶν. νόμου 
δὲ τεθέντος μετὰ τὴν ἐν Κάνναις τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις 
συμβᾶσαν ἣ ἧτταν μήτε χρυσοφορεῖν τὰς γυναῖκας 
μήτε διφροφορεῖσθαι μήθ᾽ ὅλως ἐσθῆτι κατα- 
στίκτῳ κεχρῆσθαι, ὃ δῆμος, εἰ χρὴ καταλῦσαι 
τὸν νόμον, βουλὴν ἐποιεῖτο. καὶ περὶ τούτου 
ὁ Κάτων ἐδημηγόρησε, δεῖν κατασκευάξων τὸν 
νόμον κρατεῖν, καὶ τέλος ταῦτα ἐπήγαγε" “κο- 
σμείσθωσαν οὖν αἱ γυναῖκες μὴ χρυσῷ μηδὲ λίθοις 
ἤ τισιν ἀνθηροῖς καὶ ἀμοργίνοις ἐσθήμασιν, 
ἀλλὰ “σωφροσύνῃ, φιλανδρίᾳ, φιλοτεκνίᾳ, πειθοῖ, 
μετριότητι, τοῖς νόμοις τοῖς κειμένοις, τοῖς ὅπλοις 
τοῖς ἡμετέροις, ταῖς νίκαις, τοῖς τροπαίοις." 
204 


» 


BOOK XVIII 


Zonaras 9, 16-17. 


Thus was the Macedonian war terminated, and the 
people of Rome very readily became reconciled with 
Philip upon the following terms. He must restore 
the captives and deserters ; give up all his elephants 
and triremes except five (including the flag-ship, a 
vessel of sixteen banks) ; pay an indemnity, part at 
once, the rest in definite instalments; be king of 
Macedonia alone ; keep not more than five thousand 
soldiers, and not make war with anybody outside his 
own country. The rest of the cities situated in Asia 
and Europe which had previously been subject to 
him they set free. 

The consuls waged once more with the Gauls a 
war not unfraught with difficulties, yet in spite of all 
they subdued this people too. 

17. Porcius Cato, upon being chosen consul, gained 
back Spain, which had been almost entirely alien- 
ated. He was a man who surpassed those of his age 
in every virtue. Now after the defeat inflicted upon 
the Romans at Cannae a law had been passed to the 
effect that women should not wear gold nor be 
carried in chairs, nor make use at all of embroidered 
raiment ; and the people were now deliberating as to 
whether they ought to abolish this law. And on 
this subject Cato delivered a speech in which he 
urged that the law ought to remain in force, and 
closed with these words: ‘“ Let the women, then, 
be adorned not with gold nor precious stones, nor 
with bright and transparent raiment, but with 
modesty, with love of husband, love of children, 
persuasion, moderation, with the established laws, 
with our arms, our victories, our trophies.”’ Lucius 


295 


B.C. 196 


B.C. 195 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 17. 

Λούκιος δὲ Οὐαλλέριος δήμαρχος ἀντιλέγων 
τῷ Katou διειλέ θη, ἀποδοθῆναι συμβουλεύων 
ταῖς γυναιξὶ τὸν κόσμον τὸν πάτριον. καὶ πολλὰ 
περὶ τούτου πρὸς τὸν δῆμον εἰπών, εἶτα πρὸς 
τὸν Κάτωνα τὸν λόγον ἀπέτεινε καὶ ἔφη “ σὺ δ᾽, 
ὦ Κάτων, εἰ ἄχθῃ τῷ κόσμῳ τῶν γυναικῶν καὶ 
βούλει φιλόσοφόν Th ποιῆσαι καὶ μεγαλοπρεπές, 
ἀπόκειρον αὐτὰς περιτρόχαλα, καὶ χιτωνίσκους 
καὶ ἐξωμίδας ἔνδυσον, καὶ νὴ Δία σύ γε καὶ 
ὅπλισον ἐφ᾽ ἵππους τε ἀναβίβασον, καὶ εἰ δοκεῖ 
σοι καὶ εἰς τὴν Ἰβηρίαν ἀνάγαγε, ὅπως τε καὶ 
τῶν ἐκκλησιῶν κοινωνῶσιν ἡμῖν, καὶ δεῦρο αὐτὰς 
εἰσφρώμεθα."" καὶ ὁ μὲν Οὐαλλέριος ταῦτα 
ἐπισκώπτων εἶπεν, ἀκούσασαι δὲ αἱ γυναῖκες. 
(ἐγγὺς γὰρ τῆς ἀγορᾶς πολλαὶ διέτριβον πολυ- 
πραγμονοῦσαι τὸ γενησόμενον), εἰσεπήδησαν εἰς 
τὴν ἐκκλησίαν καταβοῶσαι τοῦ νόμου, καὶ οὕτω 
σπουδῇ λυθέντος αὐτοῦ ἀνεδήσαντο εὐθὺς ἐκεῖ ἐν 
τῇ ἐκκλησίᾳ κόσμον τινὰ καὶ ἐξῆλθον χορεύουσαι. 

Ὁ δὲ Κάτων ἀποπλεύσας εἰς τὴν Ἰβηρίαν 
ἀφίκετο, καὶ μαθὼν πάντας τοὺς μέχρι τοῦ 
Ἴβηρος οἰκοῦντας συνεστράφθαι, ἵ ἵνα καθ᾽ ἕν αὐτῷ 
πολεμήσωσι, συγκροτήσας τὸ στράτευμα προσέ- 
βαλε σφίσι, καὶ ἡττήσας αὐτοὺς ἠνάγκασε 
προσχωρῆσαί οἱ, φοβηθέντας ἵνα μὴ καὶ τὰς 
πόλεις αὐτοβοεὶ ἀποβάλωσι. καὶ τότε μὲν οὐδὲν 
δεινὸν αὐτοῖς εἰργάσατο, ὕστερον δὲ ὑπόπτων ἡ 
τινῶν γενομένων τά τε ὅπλα πάντων ἀφείλετο 
καὶ τὰ τείχη σφῶν δι᾽ αὐτῶν τῶν ἐπιχωρίων κατέ- 
σκαψε. γράμματα γὰρ ἑκασταχόσε διαπέμψας, 
καὶ ἐν τῇ αὐτῆ ἡμέρᾳ ἅπασιν αὐτὰ ἀποδοθῆναι 
206 1 εἰσφρώμεθα ν. Herw., εἰσφερώμεθα Mss. 


BOOK XVIII 


Zonaras 9, 17. 


Valerius, a tribune, spoke in opposition to Cato, 
urging that the old-time ornaments should be re- 
stored to the women. And after addressing the 
people at length on the subject he then directed his 
remarks to Cato, exclaiming: “As for you, Cato, 
if you are displeased at women’s ornaments and 
wish to do something magnificent and befitting a 
philosopher, suppose you clip their hair close all 
around and put on them short frocks and _ tunics 
with one shoulder; yes, by Jove, and suppose you 
give them armour and mount them on horses and, if 
you like, take them to Spain ; and let us bring them 
_in here too, so that they may take part in our as- 
semblies.” Valerius said this in jest, but the women, 
hearing him,—for many of them were hanging about 
near the Forum, curious to know how the affair would 
come out,—rushed into the assembly, denouncing 
the law; and when, accordingly, it was speedily 
repealed, they straightway put on some ornaments 
there in the assembly, and went out dancing. 

Cato sailed away and reached Spain, where he 
learned that all the inhabitants as far as the Iberus 
had united in order to wage war against him in a body. 
After organizing his army he attacked and defeated 
them and forced them to submit to him, since they 
feared that otherwise they might lose their cities 
at a single stroke. At the time he did them no 
harm, but later, when some of them incurred his sus- 
picion, he deprived them all of their arms and caused 
the natives themselves to tear down their own walls. 
For he sent letters in all directions with orders 
that they should be delivered to everybody on the 


297 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 17. 

κελεύσας, προσέταξε τοὺς περιβόλους αὐθημερὸν 
καθελεῖν, θάνατον ἀπειλήσας τοῖς ἀπειθήσασιν. 
ἃ ἀναγνόντες οἱ ἐν ταῖς ἀρχαῖς ὄντες, καὶ νομί- 
σαντες ἕκαστοι μόνοις αὐτοῖς γεγράφθαι, καὶ 
μηδὲ καιρὸν λαβόντες βουλῆς, κατέβαλον πάντες 
τὰ τείχη. 

Ὁ ἧι Κάτων διέβη τὸν Ἴβηρα, καὶ τοῖς 
KerriBnper συμμαχοῦσι τοῖς πολεμίοις αὐτοῦ 
διὰ τὸ πλῆθος συμβαλεῖν μὴ θαρσήσας, μετεχει- 
ρίσατο θαυμασίως αὐτούς, ποτὲ μὲν μεταπείθων 
πρὸς αὐτὸν μεταστῆναι δόσει μείζονος μισθοῦ, 
ποτὲ δὲ παραινῶν σφίσιν ἐπανελθεῖν οἴκαδε, ἔστι 
δ᾽ ὅτε καὶ μάχην αὐτοῖς ἐς ἡμέραν ἐπαγγέλλων 
ῥητήν. ἐκ γὰρ τούτου ἐστασίασαν πρὸς ἀλλή- 
λους, καὶ φοβηθέντες οὐκέτι αὐτῷ πολεμῆσαι 
ἐτόλμησαν. 


298 


= 


a es 


BOOK XVIII 


Zonaras 9, 17. 


same day; and in these he commanded the people 
to raze their walls immediately, threatening the 
disobedient with death. ‘The officials upon reading 
the letters thought in each case that the message 
had been written to them alone, and without taking 
time for deliberation they all threw down their 
walls. 

Cato now crossed the Iberus, and though he did 
not dare to contend with the Celtiberian allies of 
the enemy on account of their number, yet he 
handled them in marvellous fashion, now persuading 
them by a gift of larger pay to change front and 
join him, now admonishing them to return home, and 
sometimes even announcing a battle with them for a 
stated day. The result was that they broke up into 
separate factions and became so fearful that they no 
longer ventured to fight with him. : 


299 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XIX 


Zonaras 9, 18. 

18. Tote δὲ καὶ Φλαμίνιος ἐπὶ τὸ “A pyos 
ἐστράτευσε. τὸν γὰρ Νάβιν. οὔτε σφίσιν πιστὸν 
καὶ τοῖς “Ἕλλησι φοβερὸν ὁρῶντες οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι 
πολέμιον ἐποιήσαντο. προσγενομένων δὲ καὶ 
συμμάχων ἐκ τοῦ Φιλίππου αὐτῷ, ἐπὶ τὸὴν 
Σπάρτην ἤλασεν ὁ Φλαμίνιος, καὶ ἀπόνως τὰ 
Ταὔγετά τε ὑπερέβη καὶ πρὸς τὴν πόλιν προσ- 
ῆλθε μηδενὸς ἐναντιουμένου. ὁ γὰρ Νάβις, 
τούς τε Ῥωμαίους δείσας καὶ τοὺς ἐπιχωρίους 
ὑποπτεύσας, οὐκ ἐκινήθη ὥστε προαπαντῆσαι 
τῷ Φλαμινίῳ" πλησιάσαντι, δὲ ἐπεξέδραμε, κατα- 
φρονήσας διά τε τὸν κάματον τὸν ἐκ τῆς 
πορείας καὶ ὅτι περὶ τὴν στρατοπέδευσιν ἀπη- 
σχόλητο, καί τινας συνετάραξε. τῇ δ᾽ ὕστε- 
ραίᾳ ἐπεξῆλθε τοῖς προσβάλλουσι, καὶ πολλοὺς 
ἀποβαλὼν οὐκέτι ἐπεξῆλθε. καταλιπὼν οὖν 
μέρος τοῦ στρατοῦ ἐκεῖ ὁ Φλαμίνιος, ὅπως 
μηδαμοῦ κινηθείη, τοῖς λοιποῖς ἐπὶ τὴν χώραν 
ἐτράπετο: κἀκεῖνός τε καὶ ὁ ἀδελφὸς αὐτοῦ 
καὶ οἱ Ῥόδιοι καὶ ὁ τοῦ ᾿Αττάλου παῖς Εὐμένης 
ἐπόρθουν αὐτήν. ἀπογνοὺς οὖν διὰ ταῦτα ὁ 
Νάβις κήρυκα τῷ Φλαμινίῳ ὑπὲρ εἰρήνης ἀπέ- 
στείλε. καὶ ὃς τοὺς μὲν λόγους αὐτοῦ προσήκατο, 
οὐκ αὐτίκα δὲ κατελύσατο. τὰς γὰρ ὁμολογίας, 
ἃς ἀπῃτεῖτο ὁ Νάβις ποιήσασθαι, οὔτ᾽ ἀπαγο- 


300 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XIX 


Zonaras 9, 18. 

18. At this time also Flamininus made a campaign 
against Argos, for the Romans, seeing that Nabis was 
not loyal to them and was a source of terror to the 
Greeks, regarded him as an enemy. With an acces- 
sion of allies from Philip Flamininus marched upon 
Sparta, crossed Taygetus without difficulty, and ad- 
vanced toward the city, meeting with no opposition. 
For Nabis, being afraid of the Romans and suspicious 
of the natives, did not rouse himself to the point of 
advancing to meet Flamininus; but when the latter 
drew near, he made a sortie, feeling contemptuous of 
his opponent while the latter was fatigued from the 
march and was busied, moreover, with: the work of 
pitching camp; and he caused some confusion among 
them. The next day he came out to face the 
Romans when they assaulted, but as he lost large 
numbers, he did not try it again. So Flamininus 
left a portion of his army there to prevent Nabis 
from stirring anywhere, and with the rest turned 
his attention to the country, which he ravaged 
with the aid of his brother and the Rhodians and 
EKumenes, the son of Attalus. Nabis was consequently 
in despair and despatched a herald to Flamininus in 
regard to peace. The latter listened to his proposals, 
but did not immediately conclude peace. For the 
terms which Nabis was asked to make were such that 


301 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 18. 

pevoat ἐθάρρει οὔτε ποιῆσαι συγκατετίθετο. τὸ 
δὲ πλῆθος ἐκώλυσαν αὐτὸν συμβῆναι. καὶ τότε 
μὲν οὐκ ἐσπείσατο, προσβαλλόντων δὲ τῶν Ῥω- 
μαίων αὖθις καὶ τὴν Σπάρτην ὀλίγου πᾶσαν (καὶ 
γὰρ ἀτείχιστος ἣν ἐν μέρει) ἑλόντων οὐκέτ᾽ 
ἐπέσχεν, ἀλλὰ πρός τε τὸν Φλαμίνιον σπονδὰς 
ἐποιήσατο καὶ πρὸς τὴν Ρώμην πρεσβευσάμενος 
συνηλλάγη. 

Ὁ δὲ Φλαμίνιος τότε μὲν πάντας τοὺς λληνας 
ἐλευθέρους ἀφῆκεν, ὕστερον δὲ συγκαλέσας αὐτοὺς 
καὶ ὑπομνήσας ὧν εὐηργέτηντο, παρήνεσεν εὔνοιαν 
τῇ Ῥώμῃ τηρεῖν, καὶ τὰς φρουρὰς ἁπάσας 
ἐξήγαγε, καὶ ἀπῆρε μετὰ παντὸς τοῦ στρατοῦ. 

᾿Αφικομένου δ᾽ ἐς Ῥώμην τοῦ Φλαμινίου ὁ 
Νάβις ἐ ἐνεωτέρισε. κἀκ τούτου καὶ τὸ ᾿Εἰλληνικὸν 
ἅπαν ὡς εἰπεῖν ἐταράχθη, τῶν Αἰτωλῶν σφᾶς 
ἐναγόντων' παρεσκευάξοντό τε ὡς πολεμήσοντες, 
καὶ πρὸς τὸν Φίλιππον καὶ τὸν ᾿Αντίοχον 
ἐπρεσβεύοντο. καὶ ἔπεισαν αὐτὸν ἐκπολεμωθῆναι 
Ῥωμαίοις, ὡς καὶ τῆς Ἑλλάδος τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας τε 
βασιλεύσοντα. τοῖς δὲ Ρωμαίοις τῶν πραγμάτων 
τεταραγμένων οὐχὶ περιγενέσθαι τοῦ ᾿Αντιόχου 
ἐλπὶς ἦν, ἀλλ᾽ ἠγάπων εἴ γε τὰ ἑαυτῶν διασώ- 
σαιντο. ὁ γὰρ ᾿Αντίοχος μέγας μὲν καὶ ἐπὶ τῇ 
οἰκείᾳ δυνάμει ἐδόκει δι’ ἄλλα τε καὶ ὅτι τὴν 
Μηδίαν κατεστρέψατο, πολλῷ δ᾽ ἔτε μείζων 
ἐγένετο ὅτι τὸν [Πτολεμαῖον τὸν τῆς Αὐγύπτου © 
βασιλέα καὶ τὸν ᾿Αριαράθην τὸν τῆς Καππαδοκίας 
κηδεστὴν προσετέθειτο. 

Τοιοῦτον τὸν ᾿Αντίοχον νομιζόμενον οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι, 
302 


BOOK XIX 


Zonaras 9, 18. 


he Bittle dared to refuse them, nor yet would he 

consent to make them; but the populace prevented 
him from coming to an agreement. So at this time 
Nabis did not make peace, but when the Romans 
attacked again and captured nearly the whole of 
Sparta (for it was without a wall in places), he held 
out no longer, but made a truce with Flamininus, 
and by sending an embassy to Rome effected a 
settlement. 

Flamininus at this time set all the Greeks free, 
and later he summoned them together and after 
reminding them of the benefits they had received 
urged them to maintain friendship with Rome; he 
then withdrew all the garrisons and departed with 
his entire army. 

Upon the arrival of Flamininus at Rome Nabis 
rebelled. Thereupon practically the whole Greek 
world became aroused, being encouraged by the 
Aetolians ; and they were making ready for war and 
were sending embassies to Philip and Antiochus. 
The latter they succeeded in persuading to become 
an enemy of the Romans, promising him that he 
should be king of both Greece and Italy. With 
affairs in this disturbed state, the Romans had no 
hope of overcoming Antiochus, but were content 
if only they could preserve their former conquests. 
For. he was regarded as a mighty ruler even by 
virtue of his own power, by which he had subjugated 
Media among other exploits ; ; but he became far 
mightier still through having gained as sons-in-law 
Ptolemy, king of Egypt, and Ariarathes, king of 
Cappadocia. 


In view of this estimate of Antiochus, the Romans, 


393 


B.c. 194 


B.C, 108 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 18, 
lal / 
μέχρι μὲν τῷ Φιλίππῳ ἐπολέμουν, ἐθεράπευον, 
e lal “a 
φιλίως τε διὰ πρέσβεων ὁμιλοῦντες καὶ δῶρα 
a / 
πέμποντες" ἐπεὶ δ᾽ ἐκεῖνον ἐνίκησαν, καὶ τούτου, 
ἃ / 5 / / e \ ) \ 
ov πρόσθεν ἐδεδίεσαν, κατεφρόνουν. ὁ δὲ ἐς τὴν 
= U > ΄ Ν ” / 
Θράκην ἐπεραιώθη καὶ ἄλλα τε παρεστήσατο 
\ / 4 a / 
καὶ τὴν Λυσιμαχίαν! ἀνεστηκυῖαν συνῴκισεν, 
΄ “ 4 \ 
ὡς ὁρμητηρίῳ ταύτῃ χρησόμενος: καὶ yap αὐτὸν 
\ ε / \ ε / ᾽ / “ 
καὶ ὁ Φίλιππος καὶ ὁ Νάβις ἐπηγάγοντο. ὅ 
/ a 
τε ᾿Αννίβας αὐτῷ συγγενόμενος ἐλπίσαι πεποίηκεν 
/ a / 
és τὴν Καρχηδόνα κἀκεῖθεν εἰς τὴν Ἰταλίαν 
lal a / 
πλεῦσαι, Kal τὰ τοῦ ᾿Ιονίου κόλπου ἔθνη προσ- 
> a 
καταστρέψασθαι, καὶ pet αὐτῶν ἐπὶ τὴν “Ῥώμην 
ς a > ἴω «ς / \ 
ορμῆσαι. ἔφθη γοῦν ὁ ᾿Αντίοχος καὶ δὶς ἐς τὴν 
ὐρώπην διαβὰς εἴς τε τὴν "Ελλάδα ἀφικόμενος. 
/ a 
πυθόμενος δὲ τὸν Πτολεμαῖον τεθνηκέναι, καὶ 
Ἂ, ων a / 
περὶ παντὸς τῆς Αἰγύπτου κρατῆσαι ποιούμενος, 
a / 
Tov μὲν υἱὸν Σέλευκον ἐν τῇ ΔΛυσιμαχίᾳ σὺν 
\ a 
δυνάμει κατέλιπεν, αὐτὸς δὲ ἀναξεύξας, καὶ ζῶντα 
τὸν Πτολεμαῖον μαθών, τῆς μὲν Αἰγύπτου 
΄ 4 n 
ἀπέσχετο, ἐπιχειρήσας δ᾽ ἐς Κύπρον πλεῦσαι 
Ν lal , 
ἔπταισεν ὑπὸ χειμῶνος, Kal οἴκαδε ἀνεχώρησε. 
καὶ πρέσβεις οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι κἀκεῖνος ἀνταπέστελλον 3 
al ei , / a 
ἀλλήλοις ἀντεγκαλοῦντες, ὅπως προφασίν τε τοῦ 
/ 4 Ν « \ > > / 
πολέμου λάβωσι καὶ ὅπως τὰ παρ᾽ ἀλλήλοις 
προκατασκέψωνται. 
> / \ \ / A \ 
AvviBas δὲ τὴν μεγίστην τῶν παρὰ Καρχη- 
/ lal > 
δονίοις ἀρχῶν εἰληφώς, καὶ προσκρούσας ἀπ 
αὐτῆς τοῖς δυνατωτάτοις, ἐμισήθη τε ὑπ᾽ αὐτῶν 
\ \ \ ¢ / / ε 4 
καὶ πρὸς τοὺς Ῥωμαίους διεβλήθη ὡς τά τε 
1 Λυσιμαχίαν Wolf, λυσιμαχίδα Mss. 
2 ἀνταπέστελλον Bs., ἀντεπέστελλον Mss. 


304 


BOOK XIX 


Zonaras 9, 18. 

so long as they were at war with Philip, were careful 
to court his favour, keeping up friendly relations with 
him through envoys and sending him gifts. But when 
they had vanquished their other enemy, they 
despised also this king whom they had formerly 
feared. Antiochus crossed over into Thrace and 
gained control of many districts. He also helped 
to colonize Lysimachia, which had been depopu- 
lated, intending to use it as a base; for Philip 
and Nabis had invited his assistance. Hannibal, 
too, had been with him, and had caused him to hope 
that he might sail to Carthage, and from there to 
Italy, and further that he might subjugate the races 
along the Ionian Gulf, and with them set out 
against Rome. Antiochus did, at any rate, succeed in 
crossing into Europe twice, and in reaching Greece. 
But learning now that Ptolemy was dead, and 
deeming it all-important to get possession of Egypt, 
he left his son Seleucus with a force at Lysimachia, 
and himself set out on the march. He found out, 
however, that Ptolemy -was alive, and so kept away 
from Egypt, but made an attempt to sail to Cyprus ; 
however, he was baffled by a storm and returned 
home. The Romans and he both now sent envoys 
to each other submitting mutual complaints, in order 
that they might find an excuse for war and also that 
they might observe conditions on the other side 
before the conflict began. 

Hannibal had obtained the most important office 
at Carthage and in his tenure of it had offended the 
most powerful nobles and incurred their hatred. 
Malicious reports about him were also conveyed to 


599 


VOL. II. x 


B.C. 196 


B.C. 195 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 18. 

“ γ΄ / / \ n » 
τῶν Καρχηδονίων νεωτερίζων καὶ τῷ ᾿Αντιόχῳ 
κοινολογούμενος. καὶ μαθών τίνας ἐκ τῆς Ῥώμης 
παρόντας, καὶ δείσας μὴ συχληφθῇ, ἀπέδρα 
VUKTOS ἐκ τῆς “Καρχηδόνος. καὶ πρὸς τὸν 
᾿Αντίοχον ἐλθὼν ἑαυτῷ τε τὴν εἰς τὴν πατρίδα 

΄ \ \ \ \ ς , ῃ 
κάθοδον καὶ τὸν πρὸς τοὺς Ρωμαίους πόλεμον 
ἔπραττεν, ὑπισχνούμενος ἐκείνῳ περιποιήσειν τό 
τε τῆς Ἑλλάδος κράτος καὶ τὸ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας" 

, - 7 e 7, © % \ 
μέχρις οὗ σφίσιν ὁ Σκιπίων ὁ ᾿Αφρικανὸς συνε- 
γένετο. οὗτος γὰρ δικαστὴς ἐς τὴν Λιβύην 
πεμφθεὶς τῷ τε Μασινίσσᾳ καὶ τοῖς Καρχηδονίοις 
περὶ ὅρων γῆς διαφερομένοις, μετέωρον τὴν 
ἔχθραν αὐτῶν κατέλιπεν, iv ἀλλήλοις τε δια- 
φέροιντο καὶ μηδεὶς αὐτῶν διὰ τὴν κρίσιν κατὰ 
ς 7 ? / > “ ᾿ > \ > / 
Ῥωμαίων ὀργίζοιτο. ἐντεῦθεν δ᾽ eis τὴν ᾿Ασίαν 
διέβη, λόγῳ μὲν ὡς πρεσβεύσων πρὸς τὸν 
> / yA ie vd > n \ \ ? / 
Αντίοχον, ἔργῳ δὲ iva κἀκεῖνον καὶ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν 
ἐπιφανεὶς καταπλήξῃ καὶ πράξῃ τὰ τοῖς “Ῥωμαίοις 
συμφέροντα. ἀφικομένου δ᾽ αὐτοῦ οὐχ ὁμοίως ἔτι 
προσεῖχεν ὁ ᾿Αντίοχος τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ' ὑπώπτευσε γὰρ 
αὐτὸν δι᾽ ἀπορρήτων ὁμιλήσαντα, τῷ Σκιπίωνι, 
καὶ ἄλλως δὲ αὐτὸν ἐβαρύνετο, ὅτι ἅπαν βού- 
λευμα τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ πᾶς ἐπεγράφετο καὶ τὴν τοῦ 
πολέμου κατόρθωσιν ἐν τούτῳ πώντες ἐπήλπιξζον. 
διὰ γοῦν ταῦτα καὶ ἐφθόνησε τῷ ᾿Αννίβᾳ καὶ 
ἐφοβήθη αὐτὸν ἵνα μή τι δυνηθεὶς μεταβάληται: 
καὶ οὔτε στράτευμα παρέσχεν αὐτῷ οὔτ᾽ ἐς τὴν 
Καρχηδόνα ἔπεμψεν' οὐδ᾽ ἐν ταῖς συνουσίαις 
αὐτῷ κατακόρως ἐκέχρητο, ἀλλὰ καὶ ἐπετήδευε 
μηδὲν τῶν πραττομένων αὐτοῦ δοκεῖν εἶναι. 


306 


BOOK XIX 
Zonaras 9, 18. 


the Romans, to the effect that he was rousing the 
Carthaginians to revolt and was taking counsel with 
Antiochus. Learning now that some men from 
Rome were present, and fearing arrest, he fled from 
Carthage by night. And coming to Antiochus, he 
undertook to pave the way for his own restoration to 
his native country and for war against the Romans 
by promising the king that he would secure for him 
the rule of both Greece and Italy. This was before 
Scipio Africanus joined them. Scipio had been sent 
to Africa as an arbitrator between Masinissa and the 
Carthaginians, who were at variance over some 
boundaries, and he had left their dispute - still 
unsettled, in order that they might continue to 
quarrel and that neither of them might be angry at 
the Romans on account of their decision. From 
there he crossed into Asia, nominally as an envoy 
to Antiochus, but in reality to frighten both him 
and Hannibal by his coming and to accomplish 
what was for the advantage of the Romans. 
After his arrival Antiochus no longer paid the 
same deference to Hannibal. He suspected him 
because of his secret conversations with Scipio, and 
found him burdensome in any case, since everybody 
ascribed every plan to Hannibal, and all placed in 
him their hope for success in the war. For these 
reasons, then, he became both jealous and afraid 
of Hannibal, lest he might change his demeanour, 
in -case he should get control of any power. So 
he neither supplied him with an army nor sent him 
to Carthage; furthermore, he did not favour him 
with any great intimacy, but even endeavoured to 
avoid all appearance of acting on his advice. 

‘ 307 

x 2 


B.c. 193 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 19. 

19. Ἢ δὲ περὶ τοῦ ᾿Αντιόχου φήμη πολλὴ 
τὴν «Ῥώμην κατέσχε καὶ ἐς φροντίδα τοὺς “Po- 
μαίους οὐκ ἐλαχίστην κατέστησε. συχνῶν δὲ 
περὶ τοῦ ᾿Αντιόχου. θρυλλουμένων, καὶ τῶν μὲν 
ὅτι τὴν “Ἑλλάδα πᾶσαν ἤδη κατέχει, τῶν δ᾽ ὅτι 
ἐπὶ τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν ἐπείγεται λογοποιούντων, οἱ 
Ῥωμαῖοι πρέσβεις εἰς τὴν λλάδα ἄλλους τε 
καὶ Φλαμίνιον οἰκείως αὐτοῖς ἔχοντα ἔστειλαν, 
ὅπως τόν τε Φίλιππον καὶ ἐκείνους ἐπίσχῃ μηδὲν 
νεοχμῶσαι, καὶ στρατηγοὺς Μάρκον μὲν Βαίβιον 
εἰς ᾿Απολλωνίαν, εἰ ταύτῃ ἐς τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν 
περαιωθῆναι τολμήσειεν ὁ ᾿Αντίοχος, Αὖλον δὲ 
᾿Ατύλιον ἐπὶ τὸν Νάβιν. καὶ οὗτος μὲν οὐδὲν 
ἔπραξεν (ἔφθη γὰρ ὁ Νάβις ὑπὸ τῶν Αἰτωλῶν 
φθαρεὶς ἐξ ἐπιβουλῆς, καὶ ἡ Σπάρτη ἥλω ὑπὸ 
τῶν ᾿Αχαιῶν), ὁ δὲ Βαίβιος καὶ ὁ Φίλιππος 
πολλὰ τῆς Θεσσαλίας ἐβεβαιώσαντο. ταῖς γὰρ 
πρὸς τοὺς “Ρωμαίους ὁμολογίαις ὁ Μακεδὼν 
ἐμμεμένηκε, διά τε ἄλλα καὶ ὅτι ὁ ᾿Αντίοχος 
χωρία αὐτοῦ ἐν τῇ Θράκῃ τινὰ ἐπεσπάσατο. 

Ο δέ γε Φλαμίνιος “περιιὼν τὴν Ἑλλάδα τοὺς 
μὲν ps ἀποστῆναι ἔπεισε, τοὺς δὲ καὶ ἀπο- 
στάντας ἤδη μετέστησε, πλὴν Αἰτωλῶν καὶ 
ἑτέρων τινῶν. αὐτοί τε γὰρ τῷ ᾿Αντιόχῳ προσ- 
εχώρησαν καὶ ἄλλους τοὺς μὲν ἑκόντας συνί- 
στων, ἐνίους δέ γε καὶ ἄκοντας. καὶ ὁ ᾿Αντίοχος, 

ne 

καίτοι χειμῶνος ὄντος, ὅμως πρὸς τὰς τῶν 
Αἰτωλῶν ἐλπίδας ἔσπευσε: διὸ οὐδὲ ἀξιόμαχον 
ἐπήγετο δύναμιν. τὴν μέντοι Χαλκίδα μετ᾽ αὐτῶν 
ἔλαβε, τήν τε ἄλλην Εὔβοιαν προσεποιήσατο. 
καὶ ἐν τοῖς αἰχμαλώτοις Ῥωμαίους τινὰς εὑρών, 
πάντας αὐτοὺς ἀφῆκε. καὶ ἐς τὴν Χαλκίδα 
308 


τ ὦ 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΙΧ 


Zonaras 9, 19, 


19. The fame of Antiochus occupied a large share 8.0. 192 
of Rome’s attention and caused the Romans no small 
degree of uneasiness. Many rumours were rife 
regarding him: some reported that he already held 
the whole of Greece, others that he was hasten- 
ing toward Italy. The Romans accordingly sent 
envoys to Greece, among them Flamininus, who was 
on intimate terms with the people there, in order 
that he might prevent both Philip and them from 
beginning a revolt; and of the praetors they sent 
Marcus Baebius to Apollonia, in case Antiochus 
should undertake to cross over into Italy by 
that route, and Aulus Atilius against Nabis. Now 
Aulus accomplished nothing, for Nabis had already 
perished, the victim of a plot on the part of the 
Aetolians, and Sparta had been captured by the 
Achaeans; but Baebius and Philip strengthened 
the loyalty of many portions of Thessaly. For the 
Macedonian king had remained true to his agree- 
ment with the Romans, principally for the reason 
that Antiochus had annexed some settlements be- 
longing to him in Thrace. 

Flamininus went about Greece, persuading some 
not to revolt, and winning back others who had 
already revolted, with the exception of the Aetolians 
and a few others. The Aetolians had gone over 
to Antiochus and were forming a union out of various 
states with or without their consent. Antiochus, 
even though it was winter, hastened forward to fulfil 
the hopes of the Aetolians; and this is the reason 
why he did not bring a respectable force. With the 
troops he had, however, he took Chalcis and gained 
control of the rest of Euboea; and finding some 
Romans among the captives he released them all. 


399 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


62 “Ὅτι ὁ ᾿Αντίοχος καὶ of στρατηγοὶ αὐτοῦ προ- 
/ wl Ὁ Ν ” € 4 ae: 
διεφθάρησαν"; τῇ τε yap ἄλλῃ ῥᾳστώνῃ καὶ ἔρωτι 
, \ ” νι Ὁ / +f / x 
κόρης τινὸς ἔς τε TO ἁβροδίαιτον ἐξώκειλε καὶ ἀπο- 
λέμους καὶ τοὺς ἄλλους érroinoev.—V. 52 (p. 609). 


Zonaras 9, 19. 
διεχείμασεν' ὅθεν αὐτός τε καὶ οἱ στρατηγοὶ οἵ 
τε στρατιῶται αὐτοῦ τὰς γνώμας “προδιεφθάρησαν. 
τῇ τε γὰρ ἄλλῃ ῥᾳστώνῃ καὶ ἔρωτι κόρης τινὸς 
ἐς τὸ ἁβροδίαιτον ἐξώκειλε, καὶ τοὺς ἄλλους 
ἀπολέμους ἐποίησεν. 

Oi δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ, μαθόντες αὐτὸν ἐς τὴν 
“Ἑλλάδα παρόντα τὴν Χαλκίδα τε ἡρηκότα, τὸν 
πόλεμον φανερῶς ἀνείλοντο: καὶ τῶν ὑπάτων 
Σκιπίωνα μὲν τὸν Νασικᾶν ἐπὶ φυλακῇ τῆς 
Ἰταλίας κατέσχον, Μάνιον δὲ Ρλαβρίωνα μετὰ 
στρατοῦ πολλοῦ ἐς τὴν “Ἑλλάδα πεπόμφασι. 
καὶ ὁ μὲν Νασικᾶς τοὺς Βοουΐους προσεπολεμώ- 
σατο, ὁ δὲ Γλαβρίων τὸν ᾿Αντίοχον ἐκ τῆς 
“Ἑλλάδος ἐξήλασε. καὶ ἐς τὴν Θεσσαλίαν ἐλθὼν 
πολλὰ τῶν ταύτῃ μετὰ τοῦ Βαιβίου καὶ τοῦ 
Φιλίππου παρεστήσατο. τόν τε γὰρ Μεγαλοπο- 
Merny Φίλιππον ἑλὼν εἰς τὴν Ῥώμην ἀπέστειλε, 
καὶ τὸν ᾿Αμύνανδρον ἐν τῆς ἀρχῆς ἐκβαλὼν τῷ 
Μακεδόνι αὐτὴν ἔδωκεν. 

ὋὉ δ᾽ ᾿Αντίοχος ἐν τούτοις ἡσυχίαν ἄγων ἐν 
τῇ Χαλκίδι διέτριβεν" εἶτα εἰς τὴν Βοιωτίαν 
ἐλήλυθε καὶ ἐν ταῖς Θερμοπύλαις ἀντιπροσιόντας 
οἱ τοὺς Ῥωμαίους ὑπέμεινε" πρὸς “γὰρ τὴν τῶν 
στρατιωτῶν ὀλιγότητα σύμμαχον τὴν τοῦ “χωρίου 
φύσιν ἕξειν ἐνόμισε. καὶ ἵνα μή τι καὶ αὐτὸς 
πάθῃ οἷον οἱ “EXAnves οἱ πρὸς τὸν Μῆδον 


By 1 προδιεφθάρησαν Bk., προσδιεφθάρησαν Ms. 
re) 


BOOK XIX 


AnTiocuus and his generals were ruined at the 
outset ; for by his general indolence and by his passion 
for a certain girl he drifted into a life of luxury and 
at the same time rendered the rest unfit for warfare. 


Zonaras 9, 19. 
Then he took up his winter-quarters at Chalcis, with 
the result that he himself and his generals and 
his soldiers had their moral energy ruined at the 
outset; for by his general indolence and by his 
passion for a certain girl he drifted into a life of 
luxury and rendered the rest unfit for warfare. 

The people at Rome, learning that he was in 
Greece and that he had captured Chalcis, took up 
the war openly. Of the consuls they retained Scipio 
Nasica to guard Italy and sent Manius Glabrio with 
a large army into Greece. Nasica conducted a war 
against the Boii, and Glabrio drove Antiochus out of 
Greece. He also went to Thessaly, and with the 
help of Baebius and Philip gained control of many 
of the towns there. He captured Philip of Megal- 
opolis and sent him to Rome, and drove Amynander 
out of his domain, which he then gave to the 
Macedonian ruler. 

Antiochus meanwhile was remaining at Chalcis and 
keeping quiet. Afterward he went into Boeotia and 
awaited the advance of the Romans at Thermopylae ; 
for he believed, in view of his small numbers, 
that the natural advantages of the place would be 
of assistance to him. But in order to avoid re- 
peating the experience of the Greeks who had been 


311 


B.c. 191 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 19. 

ἀντιταχθέντες ἐκεῖ, μέρος τι τῶν Αἰτωλῶν ἐπὶ 
τὰ ἄκρα τῶν ὀρῶν ἀνεβίβασεν, ὥστε φρουρῆσαι 
αὐτά. ὁ δὲ ᾿λαβρίων βραχύ τε τῶν χωρ ρίων 
ἐφρόντισε καὶ τὴν μάχην οὐκ ἀνεβάλετο, ἀλλὰ 
Πόρκιον μὲν. Κάτωνα καὶ Οὐαλλέριον Φλάκκον 
ὑποστρατήγους νυκτὸς ἐπὶ τοὺς Αἰτωλοὺς τοὺς 
ἐν τοῖς ἄκροις ἀπέστειλεν, αὐτὸς δὲ τῷ ᾿Αντιόχῳ 
ὑπὸ τὴν ἕω συνέμιξε. καὶ ἕως μὲν ἐν τῷ ὁμαλῷ 
ἐμάχετο, ἐπεκράτει, ἀναχωρήσαντος. δὲ τοῦ ᾿Αντιό- 
χου πρὸς τὰ μετέωρα ἠλαττοῦτο, μέχρις ὁ Κάτων 
κατὰ νώτου οἱ ἐγένετο. τοῖς γὰρ Αἰτωλοῖς καθεύ- 
δουσιν ἐπελθὼν τοὺς μὲν πλείους ἀπέκτεινε καὶ 
τοὺς λοιποὺς διεσκέδασε, κἀντεῦθεν καταδραμὼν 
καὶ τῆς κάτω μάχης μετέσχε. καὶ τόν te ᾽Αν- 
τίοχον ἔτρεψαν καὶ τὸ στρατόπεδον αὐτοῦ εἷλον, 
καὶ ὁ μὲν ἐς τὴν Χαλκίδα εὐθὺς ἀπεχώρησε, 
μαθὼν δὲ τὸν ὕπατον προσιόντα, ἐς τὴν ᾿Ασίαν 
ἀνεκομίσθη λαθών. 

Καὶ τὴν μὲν Βοιωτίαν καὶ τὴν Εὔβοιαν ὁ 
Γλαβρίων αὐτίκα κατέσχε, τῇ δ᾽ Ἡρακλείᾳ, μὴ 
βουληθέντων. αὐτῷ προσχωρῆσαι τῶν Αἰτωλῶν, 
προσβολὰς ἐποιεῖτο" καὶ τὴν μὲν κάτω πόλιν 
πολιορκίᾳ εἷλε, τοὺς δ᾽ ἐς τὴν ἀκρόπολιν ἀναφυ- 
γόντας ὁμολογίᾳ παρεστήσατο. ἐν δὲ τοῖς τότε 
ζωγρηθεῖσι καὶ Δημόκριτος 0 στρατηγὸς τῶν 
Αἰτωλῶν ἐγένετο, ὃς τῷ Φλαμινίῳ ποτὲ τὴν 
συμμαχίαν ἠρνήσατο, καὶ ψήφισμα ἐκείνου αἰτή- 
σαντος, ἵν᾽ ἐς τὴν “Ῥώμην πέμψῃ, ‘4 θάρρει," ἔφη, 

“ἐγὼ γὰρ αὐτὸ κομιῶ μετὰ τοῦ στ aT Ov Kal 
mapa TO Τιβέριδι ὑμῖν ἀναγνώσομαι." τοῦ Φι- 
λίππου δὲ τὴν Δάμιαν πολιορκοῦντος ἐπῆλθεν 
ἐπ᾿ αὐτὴν ὁ lraBpiov, καὶ τήν τε νίκην καὶ 


312 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΙΧ 


Zonaras 9, 19. 

arrayed there against the Persian he sent a division of 
the Aetolians up to the summit of the mountains to 
keep guard there. Glabrio was little concerned about 
the nature of the region, and did not postpone 
battle; but he sent the lieutenants Porcius Cato 
and Valerius Flaccus by night against the Aetolians 
on the summit, and himself engaged in conflict 
with Antiochus at dawn. Now as long as he fought 
on level ground he had the best of it, but when 
Antiochus withdrew to a higher position, he found 
himself at a disadvantage, until Cato arrived in the 
enemys rear. Cato had come upon the Aetolians 
while they were asleep and had killed most of them 
and scattered the rest; then he hurried down and 
participated also in the battle going on below. So 
they routed Antiochus and captured his camp. The 
king forthwith retired to Chalcis, but learning that 
the consul was approaching, he retired secretly to 
Asia. 

Glabrio at once occupied Boeotia and Euboea, 
and proceeded to deliver assaults upon Heraclea, 
since the Aetolians were unwilling to yield to him. 
The lower city he captured by siege, and later 
he received the capitulation of those who had fled 
to the acropolis. Among the prisoners taken at this 
time was Democritus, the Aetolian general, who had 
once refused alliance with Flamininus, and when the 
latter had asked for a decree that he might send it to 
Rome, had said: “ Don’t worry. I will carry it there 
with my army and read it to you all on the banks of 
the Tiber.” Philip was engaged in besieging Lamia 
when Glabrio came against it and appropriated both 


313 


18 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Δίων ιθ΄ βιβλίῳ “περι... τὰ δὲ ὑμέτερα ἐγώ 
τε ἀεὶ προστατῶ."---Βοκὶς. Anecd. 166, 1. 


Zonaras 9, 19-20. 

τὴν λείαν ἐσφετερίσατο. τῶν μέντοι Αἰτωλῶν 
οἱ λοιποὶ συναλλαγῆναι μὲν ἠθέλησαν, οὐκ 
ἐσπείσαντο δέ, τοῦ ᾿Αντιόχου πρέσβεις αὐτοῖς 
καὶ χρήματα πέμψαντος, ἀλλὰ “πρὸς πόλεμον 
ἡτοιμάζοντο. καὶ ὁ Φίλιππος ὑπεκρίνετο μὲν 
τὴν πρὸς τοὺς Ῥωμαίους φιλίαν, τὰ δὲ τοῦ 
᾿Αντιόχου ἐφρόνει. ἐν τούτῳ δὲ Ναύπακτον 
ὁ Τλαβρίων τῶν Αἰτωλῶν οὖσαν ἐπολιόρκει" 
ods ἐλθὼν ὁ Φλαμίνιος ἔπεισε σπείσασθαι, 
γνωρίμως αὐτοῖς ἔχων. καὶ πρέσβεις εἰς τὴν 
“Ῥώμην ἐκεῖνοί τε καὶ οἱ ᾿Ηπειρῶται ἐστάλκασι. 
καὶ ὁ Φίλιππος στέφανον νικητήριον τῷ Ai τῷ 
Καπιτωλίῳ πέμψας ἄλλα τε ἀντειλήφει καὶ 
τὸν υἱὸν τὸν Δημήτριον ἐν Ῥώμῃ ὁμηρεύοντα. 
τοῖς δ᾽ Αἰτωλοῖς σπονδαὶ οὐκ ἐγένοντο' οὐ γὰρ 
ἐλαττωθῆναί τι κατεδέξαντο. 

20. Ἐπὶ δὲ τὸν ᾿Αντίοχον οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι τοὺς 
Σκιπίωνας ἔταξαν τόν τε ᾿Αφρικανὸν καὶ τὸν 
ἀδελφὸν αὐτοῦ Λούκιον. of τοῖς μὲν Αἰτωλοῖς 
ἀνοχὴν ἔδοσαν, ἵν ἐς τὴν Ῥώμην αὖθις ὑπὲρ 
τῆς εἰρήνης πρεσβεύσωνται, ἠπείγοντο δ᾽ ἐπὶ 
τὸν ᾿Αντίοχον, καὶ ἐπὶ Μακεδονίαν ἐλθόντες, 
συμμάχους τε λαβόντες ἐκ τοῦ Φιλίππου, ἐπὶ 
τὸν Ἑλλήσποντον ἤλασαν. καὶ ἐς τὴν ᾿Ασίαν 
περαιωθέντες τὰ πλεῖστα τῶν παραθαλασσίων 
κατέλαβον προκατειλημμένα παρὰ τῶν ἐκεῖ προ- 
απελθόντων Ῥωμαίων, πρὸς δὲ καὶ τοῦ ἰυὐμενοῦς 
καὶ τῶν Ῥοδίων, οἱ καὶ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν ναῦς 
τινας ἐκ Φοινίκης ἀνάγοντα περὶ Παμφυλίαν 


314 ' 


we.) eee ee Se ee ee 


— -<. ἡ 


EO ee ee, δὰ 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΙΧ 


Dio, Book XIX. “... but I always champion 
your interests.” ! 


Zonaras 9, 19-20. 

the victory and the booty. Although the remainder 
of the Aetolians were desirous of peace, still they 
made no truce, since Antiochus sent them envoys 
and money, but set themselves in readiness for 
war. Philip affected friendliness toward the Romans, 
but his heart was with Antiochus. Meantime Glabrio 
was besieging Naupactus, which belonged to the 
Aetolians, and Flamininus, coming to them, per- 
suaded the inhabitants to make peace, for he was 
well known to them. So they, as well as the 
Epirots, despatched envoys to Rome. Philip sent a 
crown of victory to Capitoline Jupiter and received 
in return, among other presents, his son Demetrius, 
who had been living at Rome as a hostage. But 
with the Aetolians no truce was made, for they would 
not submit to any curtailment of privileges. 

20. The Romans opposed to Antiochus the Scipios, 
Africanus and his brother Lucius. These generals 
granted the Aetolians an armistice for the purpose 
of once more sending an embassy to Rome regarding 
peace, and hurried on against Antiochus. On 
reaching Macedonia they secured allies from Philip, 
and marched on to the Hellespont. Then crossing 
into Asia, they found most of the coast districts 
already occupied by the Romans who had gone there 
first, as well as by Eumenes and the Rhodians ; 
the latter had also conquered Hannibal near 
Pamphylia, as he was taking some ships up from 


ἵν, Gutschmid places here, comparing Livy 36, 35, 4 
(speech of Flamininus to the Naupactians). 315 


B.C. 190 


2 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Ὅτι Σέλευκος ὁ τοῦ ᾿Αντιόχου τὸν Tod ᾿Αφρι- 
κανοῦ υἱὸν διαπλέοντα ἐκ τῆς “Ελλάδος λαβὼν ἐν 
θεραπείᾳ πολλῇ ἐπεποίητο. ἀπολυτρῶσαι μὲν 
yup, καίτοι τοῦ πατρὸς αὐτοῦ πολλὰ δεηθέντος, 
οὐκ ἠθέλησεν, οὐ μέντοι καὶ κακόν τι εἰργά- 
σατο, ἀλλὰ καὶ τοὐναντίον ἰσχυρῶς περιεῖπε, καὶ 
τέλος, καίπερ τῶν σπονδῶν ἁμαρτών, ἀφῆκεν 
ἄνευ λύτρων.---Υ. 53 (p. 609). 

Zonaras 9, 20. 

ἐνίκησαν. καὶ Kipévns δὲ καὶ ”"Atraros ὁ ἀδελφὸς 
αὐτοῦ τὴν χώραν ἐκάκουν τοῦ ᾿Αντιόχου, καὶ 
πόλεις αἱ μὲν βίᾳ, αἱ δ᾽ ἑκούσιαι mpos τοὺς 
Ῥωμαίους μεθίσταντο, ὥστε ἐκ τούτων ἀναγ- 
κασθῆναι τὸν ᾿Αντίοχον τὴν Εὐρώπην τε παντε- 
λῶς ἐκλιπεῖν καὶ τὸν υἱὸν Σέλευκον ἀπὸ τῆς 
Λυσιμαχίας ἀπαγαγεῖν. ὃν ἐπανελθόντα σὺν 
δυνάμει ἐπὶ τὴν Πέργαμον ἔπεμψεν. ὡς δὲ 
προσεδρεύσας τῇ πόλει οὐδὲν ἐπέρανε, καὶ οἱ 
Σκιπίωνες ἐπῆλθον, εὐθὺς αὐτοῖς ἐπεκηρυκεύσατο, 
προσδοκήσας “τεύξεσθαι τῆς εἰρήνης, ὅτι τὸν 
᾿Αφρικανοῦ υἱὸν συλλαβὼν ἐν θεραπείᾳ εἶχε 
πολλῇ: καὶ τέλος, καίπερ τῶν σπονδῶν ἃ ἁμαρτῶν, 
ἄνευ λύτρων ἀφῆκεν αὐτόν. οὐκ ἐγένετο δὲ ἡ 
εἰρήνη, τοῦ ᾿Αντιόχου ἃ οἱ Ῥωμαίοι ἀπήτουν μὴ 
συνθεμένου ποιῆσαι. 

Τέως μέντοι ἐπὶ πολὺ ἡσύχασαν, εἶτα καὶ 
ἐπολέμησαν. ὁ δὲ ἀγὼν οὕτως ἐγένετο. πρῶτα 
τὰ ἅρματα, εἶτα τοὺς ἐλέφαντας ὁ ᾿Αντίοχος 


» \ » a \ / \ \ 
. ἔταξε, Kal μετὰ ταῦτα τοὺς σφενδονήτας Kai TOUS 


316 


ὙὝΥΨ, 


i a a i i i ὦ. «ἀν. «ὐπὸ ον νυ. A ee, i el ee 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΙΧ 


Seleucus,! the son of Antiochus, had captured the 
son of Africanus, who was sailing across from Greece, 
and had given him the kindest treatment. Although 
his father many times requested the privilege of 
ransoming him, his captor refused, yet did him no 
harm ; on the contrary, he showed him every honour, 
and finally, though he failed of securing a truce, 
released him without ransom. 


Zonaras 9, 20. 
Phoenicia. Eumenes and his brother Attalus were 
injuring the country of Antiochus, and_ cities 
kept coming over to the Romans, some under 
compulsion, some voluntarily, with the result that 
Antiochus was obliged to abandon Europe entirely 
and to recall his son Seleucus from Lysimachia. 
When this son had returned, he sent him with 
troops against Pergamum. Inasmuch, however, as 
he accomplished nothing by his siege and the Scipios 
presently approached, Antiochus promptly made 
overtures to them; for he expected to obtain peace, 
since he had got possession of the son of Africanus 
and was according him the kindest treatment. In 
the end, though he failed of securing a truce, he 
released him without ransom. Now the reason why 
peace was not concluded was that Antiochus would 
not agree to the Roman demands. 

For some time after this, however, the antagonists 
remained quiet; but finally they fell to fighting 
again. ‘The nature of the struggle was as follows. 
Antiochus placed the chariots in front, with the 
elephants next, and behind these the slingers and 


! An error of the excerptor for Antiochus himself. Com- 
pare Zonaras. 317 


ὈΙΟ 5. ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 20. 
/ \ \ gs , \ cal [ὦ / 
τοξότας. τὴν μὲν οὖν ἐκδρομὴν τῶν ἁρμάτων 
[ὦ “Ὁ n 
προεκδραμόντες οἱ “Pwpato. καὶ μετὰ κραυγῆς 
_ 7 
σφίσι πολλῆς ἀντιμέτωποι προσπεσόντες ἀνέ- 
a \ \ » “ , \ ’ 7, 
κοψαν, WoTE τὰ πολλὰ αὐτῶν ἐς τοὺς ἐλέφαντας 
τραπόμενα πάλιν τὸ οἰκεῖον συνετάραξαν (αὐτοί 
n / 
τε yap ἐπλανῶντο Kal τοὺς ἐπιτεταγμένους σφίσιν 
> / / \ \ ’ \ 
ἐκφοβήσαντες διεσκέδασαν), τὴν δὲ τοξείαν καὶ 
΄ ᾽ / 
τὴν σφενδόνησιν ὄμβρος πολὺς ἐπιγενόμενος 
» ἜΣ. / «ς / / ει -“ 
ἀσθενῆ ἐποίησεν: ὁμίχλη τε πλείστη καὶ βαθεῖα 
a , fal 
συμβᾶσα τοὺς μὲν Ῥωμαίους ἅτε κρατοῦντας 
\ 
Kal ἀγχεμάχως ἐκ χειρὸς μαχομένους οὐδὲν ἐνε- 
/ \ ’ὔ 
πόδισε, τοὺς δ᾽ ἐναντίους, οἷα πεφοβημένους 
[72 \ / ν “ / / 
ἵππῳ τε καὶ τοξείᾳ TO πλεῖστον χρωμένους, THY 
/ ᾽ 7 4 » / \ \ 
Te Tpoowi εἰς Ta τοξεύματα ἀφείλετο Kal περὶ 
/ / 
ἀλλήλους ὡς ἐν σκότῳ πλανωμένους ἔσφηλεν. 
δ ’ Ss «ς / n 
ὅμως δ᾽ οὖν ἴσχυσεν ὁ ᾿Αντίοχος, τοῖς κατα- 
a \ ~ 
φράκτοις ἱππεῦσι τοὺς ἀντιστάντας αὐτῷ τρεψά- 
/ an / a > ΄ 
μενος, μέχρι. τοῦ στρατοπέδου ἐλθεῖν ἐπιδιώκων 
αὐτούς. καί γε εἷλεν ἂν αὐτό, εἰ μὴ Μάρκος 
Αἰμίλιος, Λέπιδος ὁ τὴν φρουρὰν αὐτοῦ ἔχων 
τοὺς “πρώτους προσιόντας. τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἀ ἀπέκτει- 
νεν, ἐπεὶ μὴ ἔπεισεν αὐτοὺς τῆς φυγῆς ἐπισχεῖν. 
ἐκ γὰρ τούτου ἐκείνων τε οἱ λοιποὶ ὑποστρέψαντες 
καὶ αὐτὸς ἀκραιφνέσιν ἐπεκδραμὼν τοῖς φρουροῖς 
ἀπεώσαντο τὸν ᾿Αντίοχον. ἐν ᾧ δὲ τοῦτ᾽ ἐγίνετο, 
Ζεῦξις καθ᾽ ἕτερον μέρος τῷ ταφρεύματι προσ- 
βαλὼν εἴσω τε αὐτοῦ εἰσῆλθε καὶ ἁρπαγὴν 
ἐποιεῖτο, μέχρις οὗ ὁ Λέπιδος ἤσθετο. τότε γὰρ 
κἀκεῖνος τὸ σφέτερον ἐρρύσατο, καὶ ὁ Σκιπίων 
τὸ τοῦ ᾿Αντιόχου εἷλε, καὶ ἐν αὐτῷ πολλοὺς 


318 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΙΧ 


Zonaras 9, 20. 


the archers. Now the Romans anticipated the charge 
of the chariots by a charge of their own, and with a 
mighty shout they rushed straight at them and 
repulsed them, so that most of the chariots turned 
back toward the elephants, and thus threw their own 
army into confusion ; for in their wild flight they ter- 
rified and scattered the men marshalled beside them. 
Moreover, a heavy rain which now came up rendered 
the efforts of the archers and slingers of little effect. 
There followed a dense and heavy mist, which in no 
wise hindered the Romans, since they had the upper 
hand and were fighting at close range; but in the 
cease of their opponents, who were terrified and 
who employed cavalry and archers for the most part, 
it made it impossible for them to see which way to 
shoot their arrows and caused them to stumble 
over one another as if they were wandering about 
in the dark. Nevertheless Antiochus was able 
with his mail-clad cavalry to rout those con- 
fronting him, and to advance in pursuit of them 
as far as their camp. Indeed, he would have 
taken it, had not Marcus Aemilius Lepidus, who 
was charged with guarding it, killed the first 
Romans who came up, after he had failed to per- 
suade them to check their flight. Thereupon the 
rest of the fugitives faced about, and Lepidus 
himself also made a sortie with the garrison, which 
was fresh ; and by their united efforts they repulsed 
Antiochus. While this action was taking place, 
Zeuxis had assailed the ramparts in another quarter, 
had succeeded in getting within them, and con- 
tinued to pillage until Lepidus became aware of it 
and came to the rescue of his own camp. At the 
same time Scipio captured the camp of Antiochus, 


ὅτ 


DIO’'S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 20. 
μὲν ἀνθρώπους, πολλοὺς δ᾽ ἵππους, ὑποζύγια, 
ἀργύριον, χρυσίον, ἐλέφαντας ἄλλα τε πολλὰ 
καὶ πολυτελῆ εὗρε. καὶ ὁ μὲν ᾿Αντίοχος ἡττηθεὶς 
αὐτίκα ἐς τὴν Συρίαν ἀνεχώρησεν, οἱ δ᾽ “EXAnves 
οἱ ἐν τῇ ᾿Ασίᾳ τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις προσέθεντο. 

Μετὰ δὲ ταῦτα ἀνακωχή τίς ἐπικηρυκευσαμένου 
τοῦ ᾿Αντιόχου ἐσπείσθη. ὅ τε γὰρ ᾿Αφρικανὸς 
εὐνοϊκῶς οἱ διὰ τὸν υἱὸν εἶχε, καὶ ὁ ὕπατος οὐκ 
ἤθελε τὴν νίκην τῷ διαδόχῳ πλησιάξοντι κατα- 
λελοιπέναι. οὔκουν οὐδὲ ἐπέταξαν τῷ ᾿Αντιόχῳ 
πλέον οὐδὲν ἢ ὅσα καὶ πρὸ τῆς μάχης ἤτουν. 
διὸ καὶ Dvaios Μάλλιος ὁ τὴν ἀρχὴν σφῶν 
διαδεξάμενος οὐκ ἠρκέσθη τοῖς συγκειμένοις, ἀλλὰ 
πλείω αὐτὸν ἀπήτησε, πρὸς δὲ καὶ ὁμήρους δοῦναι 
ἐκέλευσεν ἄλλους τε καὶ τὸν υἱὸν ᾿Αντίοχον, 
καὶ τοὺς αὐτομόλους πάντας ἐκδοῦναι, ἐν οἷς 
καὶ ὁ ᾿Αννίβας ἣν. καὶ ὁ ᾿Αντίοχος καὶ ἄκων 
πρὸς ἅπαντα ἐπειθάρχησεν. οὐ μέντοι καὶ τὸν 
᾿Αννίβαν ἐκδοῦναι ἠδυνήθη" πρὸς γὰρ Προυσίαν 
τὸν βασιλέα τῶν Βιθυνῶν προκατέφυγε. καὶ 
ὁ μὲν ᾿Αντίοχος πρέσβεις ἐπὶ τούτοις εἰς τὴν 
Ῥώμην πέμψας ἐσπείσατο, Σκιπίων δὲ Λούκιος 
ἐπῃνεῖτο ἐπὶ τῇ νίκῃ καὶ τὴν τοῦ ᾿Ασιατικοῦ 
ἐπωνυμίαν δι αὐτὴν ἔσχεν, ὥσπερ ὁ ἀδελφὸς 
αὐτοῦ ᾿Αφρικανὸς ἐπεκλήθη, τῆς Καρχηδόνος 
κρατήσας μέγιστον ἐν τῇ ᾿Αφρικῇ δυνηθείσης. 

Τοιοῦτοι δ᾽ οὖν ἄνδρες οὗτοι γενόμενοι καὶ 
ἐπὶ τοσοῦτον δόξης ἐλθόντες ἐξ ἀρετῆς, δικαστη- 
ρίῳ καὶ τῷ δήμῳ οὐ πολλῷ ὕστερον παρεδόθησαν" 
καὶ ὁ μὲν Λούκιος κατεψηφίσθη ὡς τάχα πολλὰ 
ἐκ τῆς λείας σφετερισάμενος, ᾿Αφρικανὸς δὲ ὡς 
320 1 ἐλέφαντας Cary, ἐλέφαντα Mss. 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΙΧ 


Zonaras 9, 20. 


where he found many people, many horses, baggage 
animals, silver and gold, elephants, and a number of 
precious objects besides. Antiochus after this defeat 
at once retired into Syria, and the Asiatic Greeks 
attached themselves to the Roman cause. 

After this, upon overtures made by Antiochus, an 
armistice was arranged. Africanus was well disposed 
toward him for his son’s sake, and the consul, 
moreover, did not wish to have the victory left to his 
successor, who was now drawing near; consequently 
they laid upon Antiochus conditions no more severe 
than those they had originally made before the battle. 
Hence Gnaeus Manlius, who succeeded them in 
office, was not pleased with the terms agreed upon, 
and he made additional demands upon the king, 
besides requiring him to give hostages, one of whom 
should be his son Antiochus, and to deliver up all 
the deserters, among them Hannibal. Antiochus 
reluctantly yielded obedience on all the other points ; 
to give up Hannibal, however, was out of his power, 
since the latter had already fled to Prusias, king 
of Bithynia. On these conditions Antiochus sent 
envoys to Rome and secured peace. Lucius Scipio 
was praised for his victory, and received the title 
of Asiaticus because of it, just as his brother had 
been called Africanus for conquering Carthage, 
the most powerful city in Africa. 

These brothers, who had proved themselves men 
of such valour, and as a result of their excellence 
had attained such a great reputation were not long 
afterward brought to trial before the assembly. 
Lucius was condemned nominally for having appro- 
priated a large share of the spoil, and Africanus 


321 
VOL. I. Y 


B.C. 189 


63 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


“Ὅτι ἐφθόνουν τοῖς Σκιπίωσι πολλοί, ὅτι δύο 


* 1 


ἀδελφοὶ γένους τε Kal ἀρετῆς εὖ" ἥκοντες Ta TE 


” / “ $y \ » / 
ἄλλα κατέπραξαν ὥσπερ εἴρηται Kal ἐπικλήσεις 
τοιαύτας ἔλαβον, ἐπεὶ ὅτι γε οὐδὲν ἠδίκουν δη- 
λοῦται μὲν καὶ τοῖς εἰρημένοις, ἀπεδείχθη δὲ ἔτι 
“ a nn? fal / n > / 
μᾶλλον TH TE τοῦ ᾿Ασιατικοῦ δημεύσει τῆς οὐσίας, 
᾿ \ ͵7 val “ / id ᾿ / 
ν ἣ μηδὲν πλέον τῶν προὐπαρχόντων οἱ εὑρέθη, 
a a a / 
καὶ τῇ τοῦ " ᾿Αφρικανοῦ és Λίτερνον ἀναχωρήσει 
κἀνταῦθα μέχρι τῆς τοῦ βίου τελευτῆς ἀδείᾳ 
μέχρι τὴ ἢ . 
\ \ , > / / lal a 
τὴν μὲν γὰρ πρώτην ἀπήντησε, νομίζων TH τῆς 
ἀρετῆς ἀληθείᾳ περιέσεσθαι.---Ν. 54 (p. 609). 
Zonaras 9, 20. 
2 / Ν / \ οἿ e\ / 
ἐπιεικεστέρας τὰς συνθήκας διὰ τὸν υἱὸν ποιησά- 
’ 
μενος, τὸ 8 ἀληθὲς διὰ φθόνον. ὅτι δ᾽ οὐδὲν 
ἠδίκουν δηλοῦται μὲν καὶ ἄλλοθεν, οὐχ ἥκιστα 
΄“ / Lal “ 
δὲ ὅτι Kal τῆς οὐσίας τοῦ ᾿Ασιατικοῦ δημευθείσης 
a A as , 
οὐδὲν πλέον τῶν αὐτῷ TpovTapyovTwy εὑρέθη, 
“ an? εὖ ΣῈ x / \ / 
ore τε τοῦ Adpixavov és τὸ Aitepvoyv πρὸ ψήφου 
\ a a 
ἀναχωρήσαντος Kal μέχρι τελευτῆς ἐκεῖ KATAMEL- 
ναντος οὐδεὶς αὐτοῦ ἔτι κατεψηφίσατο. 
/ 
Ὃ δέ ye Μάλλιος τότε Πισιδίαν Λυκαονίαν 
fal / ial ial 
τε καὶ 11 αμφυλίαν τῆς τε Ιαλατίας τῆς ᾿Ασιανῆς 
πολλὰ προσηγάγετο. ἔστι γάρ τι κἀνταῦθα 
γένος αὐτῶν, ἐκ τοῦ Εὐρωπαίου ἀποδάσμιον. 
Βρέννον γάρ ποτε βασίλξα σφῶν προστησάμενοι 
τήν τε ᾿λλάδα καὶ τὴν Θράκην ἐπέδραμον, 
κἀκεῖθεν εἰς τὴν Βιθυνίαν διαβάντες μέρη τινὰ 


1 εὖ inserted by Val. τοῦ Rk., γοῦν Ms. 
322 


BOOK XIX 


Many were jealous of the Scipios because the two 
brothers, distinguished alike for birth and integrity, 
had accomplished all that has been related and had 
secured such titles. For that they were guilty of no 
wrong-doing is made plain even by my former state- 
ments, and was shown still more conclusively on the 
occasion of the confiscation of the property of Asiaticus 
—which was found to consist merely of his original 
inheritance—or again by the retirement of Africanus 
to Liternum and the security that he enjoyed there 
to the end of his life. At first, to be sure, he had 
appeared in court, thinking that the truth respecting 
his integrity would save him. 


Zonaras 9, 20. 

for having made the terms of peace milder on 
account of his son; but the true cause of their 
conviction was jealousy. That they were guilty of 
no wrong-doing is made plain both by other evi- 
dence and in particular by the fact that when the 
property of Asiaticus was confiscated it was found to 
consist merely of his original inheritance, and that 
though Africanus retired to Liternum before a vote 
was taken and lived there to the end, no one ever 
again voted to condemn him. 

Manlius at this time won over Pisidia, Lycaonia, 
and Pamphylia, and a large part of Asiatic Gaul 
[Galatia]. For there exists in that region too a 
race of Gauls, which broke off from the European 
stock. With their king, Brennus, at their head 
they once overran Greece and Thrace, and crossing 
thence to Bithynia, they detached certain portions 


9323 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 20-21, 
a / fal / a 
τῆς τε Φρυγίας καὶ τῆς Lladdayovias τῆς τε 
/ an \ nan? 
Μυσίας τῆς πρὸς τῷ ᾿Ολύμπῳ καὶ Καππαδοκίας 
ἀπετέμοντο καὶ ἐν αὐτοῖς κατῴκησαν, καὶ νῦν 
» " / > \ ” “ lal / 
ἔθνος ἴδιόν εἰσι TO ὄνομα τῶν L'adaTav φέροντες. 
οὗτοι δὴ πράγματα τῷ Μαλλίῳ παρέσχον. ἀλλὰ 
καὶ τούτων ἐκράτησε, τὴν μὲν ᾿Αγκυραν τὴν 
/ fae ᾽ b] a \ 2 "Ὁ ¢ / 
πόλιν ἑλὼν ἐξ ἐπιδρομῆς, Tas δ᾽ ἄλλας ὁμολογίᾳ 
/ / \ an \ \ 
παραστησάμενος. πράξας δὲ ταῦτα Kal συχνὸν 
Ν » / a n / 
mapa ᾿ΔΑριαράθους τοῦ Καππαδοκῶν βασιλέως 
» / p | a > / \ > an wv 
_ ἀργύριον ἐπὶ εἰρήνῃ λαβὼν ἀπῆρεν οἴκαδε. 
21. Οἱ δ᾽ Αἰτωλοὶ πρέσβεις τὸ δεύτερον ὑπὲρ 
J / > \ «ς 7, / > \ 5 
εἰρήνης és τὴν Ῥώμην πέμψαντες αὐτοὶ αὖθις 
a / 
ἐνεωτέριζον. διὸ οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι τούς τε πρέσβεις 
εὐθὺς ἀπεπέμψαντο καὶ Μάρκῳ Φουλουίῳ τὴν 
ς / \ 
Ελλάδα ἀνέθεντο. ὁ δὲ és ᾿Αμβρακίαν τὴν πόλιν 
πρῶτον ὥρμησε μεγάλην οὖσαν (ἣν γάρ ποτε 
n / 
τοῦ Ilvppov βασίλειον, τότε δὲ κατείχετο πρὸς 
a > a \ > 4 > / © & 
τῶν Αἰτωλῶν) καὶ ἐπολιόρκει αὐτήν" οἱ οὖν 


Αἰτωλοὶ πρὸς αὐτὸν ὑπὲρ εἰρήνης διειλέχθησαν". 


ς > > > 7 / / ἴω 
ὡς δ᾽ οὐκ ἠθέλησε σπείσασθαι, μέρος τι τοῦ 
an b] \ 5 , > / ς \ 
στρατοῦ ἐς τὴν ᾿Αμβρακίαν εἰσέπεμψαν. οἱ δὲ 
a / \ 
Ῥωμαῖοι δι’ ὑπονόμου τινὸς ἐπεχείρησαν τὴν 
/ a ΄ , / 
πόλιν ἑλεῖν, Kal διώρυσσον πόρρωθεν" Kal τέως 
Δ 
μὲν ἐλάνθανον τοὺς πολιορκουμένους, ἐπεὶ δ᾽ 
ς a / / \ 
ὁ χοῦς ἠθροίσθη, ὑπετόπησαν τὸ γινόμενον. 
ἀγνοοῦντες δ᾽ ὅπῃ ὀρύσσοιτο, χαλκῆν ἀσπίδα 
Ν / \ 4 
κατὰ τὸν περίβολον πρὸς αὐτὸ ἐτίθουν TO δάπεδον" 
a a / \ 
καὶ διὰ τῆς ἠχῆς τὸν τόπον γνόντες, Kal αὐτοὶ 
a ¢ 
ἀντώρυσσον ἔνδοθεν, καὶ πελάσαντες τοῖς Ῥω- 


324 


“Ὑ ι νυν i ΝΝΝ 


β 


BOOK XIX 


Zonaras 9, 20-21. 

of Phrygia, Paphlagonia, Mysia adjacent to Olympus, 
and Cappadocia, and took up their residence in them ; 
and they constitute to-day a separate nation bearing 
the name of Gauls [Galatians]. This people caused 
Manlius trouble, but he managed to overcome them 
also, capturing their city Ancyra by assault and gain- 
ing control of the rest of the towns by capitulation, 
After he had accomplished this and had received a 
large price for peace from Ariarathes, king of Cappa- 
docia, he set sail for home. 

21. The Aetolians, after sending ambassadors to 
Rome the second time in regard to peace, were 
themselves once more beginning a rebellion. Hence 
the Romans immediately dismissed their envoys and 
assigned Greece to Marcus Fulvius. He set out 
first for the large city of Ambracia, once the royal 
residence of Pyrrhus and now occupied by the Aeto- 
lians, and proceeded to besiege it. The Aetolians, 
accordingly, held a conference with him in regard 
to peace, but since he was unwilling to make terms, 
they sent a part of their army into Ambracia. The 
Romans now undertook to capture the town by an 
underground passage, beginning their mine at a 
remote point, and so for a time eluding the notice 
of the besieged; but the latter suspected the true 
state of affairs when the excavated earth began to 
accumulate. Since, however, they were not aware 
in what direction the tunnel was being dug, they 
proceeded to apply a bronze shield to the surface 
of the ground along the circuit of the wall. And 
discovering the place by means of the resonance 
they went to work in their turn to dig a tunnel 
from inside, and so approached the Romans, with 


375 


61 


64 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


"Ore νεανίσκοι τινὲς Καρχηδονίων πρέσβεις és 
τὴν Ῥώμην ἐλθόντας bBpicavtes ἐπέμφθησαν 
μὲν ἐς τὴν Καρχηδόνα καὶ ἐξεδόθησάν σφισιν, 
οὐκ ἔπαθον δὲ ὑπ᾽ αὐτῶν δεινὸν οὐδέν, ἀλλ᾽ 
apelOnoay.—U* 12 (p. 381). 

"Ore οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι τῆς τρυφῆς τῆς ᾿Ασιανῆς 
γευσάμενοι, καὶ μετὰ τῆς τῶν λαφύρων περιουσίας 
τῆς τε παρὰ τῶν ὅπλων ἐξουσίας ἐν τοῖς τῶν 


Zonaras 9, 2]. 

7 v > / / / / 
μαίοις necav εἰς μάχας κρυπτάς. τέλος δέ τι 
a / / / 
τοιοῦτον ἀντετεχνήσαντο. πίθον μέγαν πτίλων 

“ \ an lal 
πληρώσαντες πῦρ ἐς αὐτὸν ἐνῆκαν, καὶ πῶμα 
a a a Ἄ ΄ 
χαλκοῦν αὐτῷ πολλαχῇ τετρημένον ἐνέθηκαν, 
\ / \ / /, 
καὶ εἰς TOV ὑπόνομον τὸν πίθον κομίσαντες καὶ 
\ , / \ / a 
πρὸς τοὺς πολεμίους τρέψαντες TO στόμα αὐτοῦ 
> / / ς x \ 7 > ly 
ἀκροφύσιόν οἱ κατὰ τὸν πυθμένα ἐνέβαλον, 
/ a 
Kal τούτῳ φύσας προσφέροντες πλεῖστον καὶ 
an e ,ὔ lal /, 
δυσχερῆ καπνὸν οἷα ἐκ πτίλων ἐκθορεῖν ἐποίουν, 
rn ς / a / 
ὃν οὐδεὶς τῶν Ρωμαίων ὑπέμενεν. ὅθεν ἀπογνόντες 
a / \ / 
οἱ Ρωμαῖοι ἐσπείσαντο καὶ τὴν πολιορκίαν KaT- 
, ς / 2 > a \ ς > \ 
ἔλυσαν. ὁμολογησάντων δ᾽ αὐτῶν καὶ οἱ Αἰτωλοὶ 
/ 
μετεβάλοντο" καὶ διεπράξαντο ἀνοχήν, εἶτα Kal 
/ \ a \ \ / 
εἰρήνην παρὰ τοῦ δήμου, πολλὰ μὲν χρήματα, 
\ 3 x’ gS / / \ € 4 
πολλοὺς δὲ καὶ ὁμήρους δόντες. Kal ὁ Φουλούιος 
\ / ς ’ / \ 
τὴν Κεφαλληνίαν ὁμολογίᾳ παρεστήσατο Kal 
τὴν Πελοπόννησον στασιάζουσαν κατεστήσατο. 
eh. / \ / / 
Γαΐου δὲ Φλαμινίου καὶ Αἰμιλίου Λεπίδου 
wre / ” 
ὑπατευόντων μετέπειτα ὁ ᾿Αντίοχος ἔθανε, καὶ 


1 ἐλθόντας Wesseling, ἐλθόντες Mss. 
326 


ee 


—— ~~ +. 


BOOK XIX 


Some youths who had insulted envoys ot the Car- 
thaginians when they came to Rome were sent to 
Carthage and delivered up to the people there ; 
however, they received no injury at their hands, but 
were released. 

The Romans, when they had had a taste of Asiatic 
luxury and had spent some time among the posses- 
sions of the vanquished amid the abundance of spoils 


Zonaras 9, 21. 


whom they battled in the darkness. Finally they 
devised the following sort of defence. Filling a 
huge jar with feathers, they put fire in it and 
attached a bronze cover perforated with numerous 
holes. Then, after carrying the jar into the mine 
and turning the mouth of it toward the enemy, they 
inserted a bellows in the bottom, and by blowing 
this bellows vigorously they caused a tremendous 
amount of disagreeable smoke, such as feathers would 
naturally create, to pour forth, so that none of the 
Romans could endure it. Hence the Romans, in de- 
spair of success, made a truce and raised the siege. 
When these had reached an agreement, the Aetolians 
also changed their course. They secured an armistice 
and subsequently obtained peace from the people [at 
Rome | by the gift: of considerable money and many 
hostages. Fulvius gained Cephallenia by capitula- 
tion and established order in the Peloponnesus, which 
was torn by dissension. 

Afterwards, in the consulship of Gaius Flaminius 
and Aemilius Lepidus, Antiochus died and his son 


327 


B.C. 188 


B.C. 187 


B.C. 187 


65 


D1O’S ROMAN HISTORY 


ἡττηθέντων κτήμασιν ἐγχρονίσαντες, τήν τε 
ἀσωτίαν αὐτῶν διὰ βραχέος ἐζήλωσαν, καὶ τὰ 
πάτρια ἔθη ὃ οὐ διὰ μακροῦ κατεπάτησαν. οὕτω 
τὸ δεινὸν τοῦτ᾽ ἐκεῖθεν ἀρξάμενον καὶ ἐς τὸ ἄστυ 
ἐνέπεσε.5---. 55 (p. 609). . 

Ὅτι ὁ Upaxyos ἄλλως μὲν ἔκ TE τοῦ πλήθους ἣν 
καὶ ἐδημηγόρει δεινότατα, οὐ μέντοι καὶ ὡμοιώθη 
Κάτωνι, ἀλλὰ καίπερ παλαιάν τινα πρὸς τοὺς 
Σαιπίωνας ἔχθραν ἔχων οὐκ ἤνεγκε τὸ γιγνόμενον, 
ἀλλ᾽ ὑπὲρ τοῦ ᾿Αφρικανοῦ καὶ ἀπελογήσατο ἐρή- 
μὴν κατηγορηθέντος, ὅπως τε μηδεμίαν κηλῖδα 
λάβῃ διεσπούδαστο," τόν τε ᾿Ασιατικὸν ἐκώλυσεν 
ἐς τὸ οἴκημα ἐμβληθῆναι. καὶ διὰ ταῦτα αὐτῷ 
οἱ Σκιπίωνες τήν τε ἔχθραν κατέλυσαν καὶ κῆδος 
συνῆψαν: τὴν γὰρ θυγατέρα τὴν ἑαυτοῦ ὁ 
᾿Αφρικανὸς συνῴκισεν.---Υ. 56 (p. 610). 

Δίων ιθ΄ βιβλίῳ “ ἐπειδὴ δὲ καὶ ὡς περιῆν 
αὐτοῖς τῆς σχολῆς, τὰς ὁδοὺς δι’ αὐτῶν κατε- 
oKxevacavto. —Bekk. Anecd. 166, 14: cf. 166, 3. 


Zonaras 9, 21. 
αὐτὸν ὁ υἱὸς ὁ Σέλευκος διεδέξατο: τελευτήσαντος 
δὲ κἀκείνου πολλῷ ὕστερον ὁ εἰς τὴν Ῥώμην 
ὁμηρεύων ᾿Αντίοχος ἐβασίλευσεν. ὁ δέ ye Di- 
λύπτπος ἐτόλμησε μὲν νεωτερίσαι ὅτι πόλεών 
τινων ἐστερήθη ἐν Θεσσαλίᾳ καὶ πρὸς ταῖσδε 
καὶ Αἴνου καὶ Μαρωνείας, οὐκ ἠδυνήθη δὲ διὰ 
τὸ γῆρας καὶ διὰ τὰ περὶ τοὺς παῖδας συνε- 
νεχθέντα αὐτῷ. καὶ Ταλάται τινὲς τὰς ᾿Αλπεὶς 


1 τήν Rk., καὶ τήν Ms. 2 ἔθη St., ἤθη Ms. 3 ἐνέπεσε 
Rk., ἔπεσε Ms. 4 διεσπούδαστο Val., διὰ ἐσπούδατο Ms. 
328 


“τ. 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΙΧ 


and the licence granted by success in arms, rapidly 
came to emulate the prodigality of these peoples and 
ere long to trample under foot their own ancestral 
traditions. Thus this terrible influence, starting in 
that quarter, invaded the city as well. 

Gracchus was thoroughly a man of the people and 
a very eloquent public speaker, yet his disposition was 
very different from Cato’s. For, although he had an 
enmity of long standing against the Scipios, he did 
not acquiesce in what was taking place, but spoke in 
defence of Africanus, who was accused while absent, 
and he exerted himself to prevent any stain from 
attaching to his name; he also prevented the 
imprisonment of Asiaticus. Consequently the Scipios 
gave up their enmity toward him and arranged a 
family alliance, Africanus bestowing upon him _ his 
own daughter. 

Dio, Book XIX. “When even thus they [the 
troops] still had leisure, [the consuls] had the roads 
built by them.’’? 


Zonaras 9, 21. 
Seleucus succeeded him. Much later, at the demise 
of Seleucus, the Antiochus who was living as a 
hostage in Rome became king. And Philip under- 
took to revolt because he had been deprived of some 


towns in Thessaly and of Aenus and Maronea besides ;- 


but he was unable to do so because of his age and of 
what had happened to his sons. And some Gauls 
1 Refers to the extension of the Via Flaminia from Ari- 


minum to Placentia by the soldiers of Flaminius and Aemilius, 
consuls of 187 B.c. Cf. Livy 39, 2, 6, 10. 329 


B.C. 185 


B.C, 183 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 2]. 


« ΄ / > \ 2 A / Qs 
ὑπερβάντες πόλιν ἐντὸς αὐτῶν κτίσαι ἠθέλησαν. 
ὧν ὁ Μάρκος ὁ Μάρκελλος τά τε ὅπλα ἀφείλετο 

\ ” “ ,’ / « » > ἥν / 
καὶ τᾶλλα ὅσα ἐπεκομίξζοντο' οἱ δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ 
πρεσβευσαμένοις σφίσιν ἐπὶ τῷ εὐθὺς ἀναχω- 
ρῆσαι πάντα ἀπέδωκαν. 

Τότε δὲ καὶ ὁ ᾿Αννίβας ἀπέθανε. πρέσβεων 
γὰρ πρὸς τὸν Προυσίαν τὸν τῆς Βιθυνίας κρα- 

rad / > «ς / ’ ” / 
τοῦντα πεμφθέντων ἐκ Ῥώμης δι’ ἄλλα τέ τινα 
καὶ ὅπως καὶ τὸν ᾿Αννίβαν ἐκδοίη Tap αὐτῷ 
ὄντα, προμαθὼν τοῦτ᾽ ἐκεῖνος καὶ διαδρᾶναι 
μὴ οἷός τε ὧν ἑαυτὸν διεχρήσατο. χρησμοῦ δέ 
ποτε αὐτῷ γενομένου ἐν γῇ Λιβύσσῃ τεθνήξεσθαι, 
ὁ μὲν ἐν τῇ πατρίδι τῇ Λιβύῃ προσεδόκα θανεῖν, 
ἔτυχε δὲ θνήσκων ἐν χωρίῳ τινὶ τυγχάνων κα- 
λουμένῳ Λιβύσσῃ. καὶ ὁ ᾿Αφρικανὸς δὲ Σκιπίων 
τότε μετήλλαξε. 


Tzetzes, Chil. 1, 798-805. 


Αὐτὸς δὲ φάρμακον πιὼν θνήσκει πρὸς Bubv- 
νίαν | πρός τι χωρίον Λίβυσσαν καλούμενον 
τῇ κλήσει ] δοκῶν θανεῖν εἰς Λίβυσσαν πατρίδα 
τὴν οἰκείαν. | ἣν γὰρ ᾿Αννίβᾳ τις χρησμὸς οὕτω 
που γεγραμμένος" | Λίβυσσα κρύψει βῶλος ᾽Αν- 
νίβα δέμας. ἰ ὁ αὐτοκράτωρ δ᾽ ὕστερον Ῥωμαίων 
ὁ Σεβῆρος | ἐκ γένους dv τοῦ Λιβυκοῦ λευκῆς 
μαρμάρου τάφῳ τὸν ἄνδρα τοῦτον τέθεικεν, τὸν 
στρατηγὸν ᾿Αννίβαν. 


339 


. 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΙΧ 


Zonaras 9, 21. 


crossed the Alps and desired to found a city to the 
south of the mountains. Marcus Marcellus took 
away their arms and everything that they had 
brought along; but the people at Rome, upon re- 
ceiving an embassy from them, restored everything 
on condition that they should at once retire. 

At this time also occurred the death of Hannibal. 
Envoys had been sent from Rome to Prusias, 
monarch of Bithynia, a part of whose errand was 
to get him to give up Hannibal, who was at his 
court. But Hannibal learned of this beforehand, 
and being unable to escape, committed suicide. An 
oracle had once announced to him that he should 
die in the Libyssan! [or Libyan] land, and he was 
expecting to die in Libya, his native country ; but, as 
it happened, his death occurred while he was staying 
in a certain place called Libyssa. Scipio Africanus 
also died at this time. 


Tzetzes, Chil. 1, 798-805. 

He himself [Hannibal] died by drinking poison 
near Bithynia in a place called Libyssa by name, 
though he expected to die in his own Libyan land. 
For an oracle had once been written out for Hannibal 
to the following effect: “A Libyssan! [or Libyan] 
clod shall hide the form of Hannibal.” Later the 
Roman Emperor Severus, being of Libyan birth, 
placed in a tomb of white marble this man, the 
general Hannibal. 


1 Gr. Libyssa usually is the feminine adjective= Libyan, 
and Libya is Zonaras’ usual word for Africa. : 


4.9.1 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XX 


Zonaras 9, 22. 


22. Φίλυππος δὲ ὁ Μακεδόνων βασιλεύς, τὸν 
υἱὸν Δημήτριον ἀποκτείνας καὶ τὸν ἕτερον υἱὸν 
τὸν Περσέα μελλήσας φονεύσειν, ἀπέθανεν. ἐπεὶ 
γὰρ προσφιλὴς τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις ἐκ τῆς ὁμηρείας 
ἐγένετο ὁ Δημήτριος, καὶ αὐτός τε καὶ οἱ λοιποὶ 
τῶν Μακεδόνων ἤλπιζον ὃ ὅτι μετὰ τὸν Φίλιππον 
τὴν βασιλείαν λήψεται, ἐφθόνησεν αὐτῷ ὁ 
Περσεύς, ἅτε καὶ πρεσβύτερος αὐτοῦ ὦν, καὶ 
διέβαλεν. αὐτὸν ὡς ἐπιβουλεύοντα τῷ πατρί. 
καὶ ὁ μὲν φάρμακον πιεῖν ἀναγκασθεὶς ἐτελεύ- 
τησεν, ὁ δὲ Φίλιππος οὐ πολλῷ ὕστερον τὸ 
ἀληθὲς γνοὺς ἀμύνασθαι τὸν Περσέα ἠθέλησεν, 
οὐ μέντοι καὶ ἴσχυσεν, ἀλλ᾽ αὐτός τε ἀπέθανε 
καὶ τὴν βασιλείαν ὁ Περσεὺς διεδέξατο. καὶ 

Ῥωμαῖοι ταύτην τε αὐτῷ ἐβεβαίωσαν καὶ 
τὴν πατρῴαν φιλίαν ἀνενεώσαντο. 

Εν δὲ τοῖς μετὰ ταῦτα χρόνοις συνηνέχθησαν 
μέν τινα, οὐ μέντοι καὶ ἀναγκαῖα πάνυ ὥστε 
καὶ συγγραφῆς νομίζεσθαι ἄξια. ὕστερον δὲ 
ὁ Περσεὺς πολέμιον ἑαυτὸν τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις ἐποίη- 
σεν. ἵνα δὲ ἀναβολὴν τοῦ πολέμου σχοίη «μέχρις 
ἂν παρασκευάσηται, πρέσβεις εἰς τὴν Ῥώμην 
ἔπεμψεν ἀπολογησομένους τάχα περὶ ὧν ἐνεκα- 
λεῖτο. ods οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι οὔτ᾽ εἴσω τοῦ τείχους 


332 


=r | 4 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XX 


Zonaras 9, 22. 
22. Philip, king of Macedonia, had put to death 


his son Demetrius and was about to slay his other 
son Perseus, when death overtook him. For because 
Demetrius had gained the affection of the Roman 
people through his sojourn as hostage and hoped, 
along with the rest of the Macedonian people, that 
he should secure the kingdom after Philip’s death, 
Perseus, who was his elder, had become jealous of 
him and falsely reported him to be plotting against 
his father. Thus Demetrius was forced to drink 
poison and died. Philip not long afterward ascer- 
tained the truth, and desired to take vengeance 
upon Perseus; but he did not possess sufficient 
strength, and not only did he die himself, but Per- 
seus succeeded to the kingdom. The Romans con- 
firmed his claims to it and renewed the compact of 
friendship made with his father. 

In the period following this some events took 
place, to be sure, yet they were not of such great 
importance as to seem worthy of record. Still later 
Perseus became hostile to the Romans, and in order 
to delay actual warfare until he should have made 
his preparations, he sent envoys to Rome nominally 
to present his answer to the charges which were 
being brought against him. These messengers the 
Romans would not receive within the wall; and 


Rs 2 


B.c. 179 


B.C; 172 


ὉΙΟ᾽ 5 ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 22. 

ἐδέξαντο, Kal πρὸ τοῦ ἄστεος αὐτοῖς χρηματί- 
σαντες οὐδὲν ἀπεκρίναντο ἕτερον ἢ ὅτι ὕπατον 
πέμψουσι πρὸς ὃν ὅσα βούλεται διαλεχθήσεται. 
καὶ αὐθημερὸν αὐτοὺς ἀπιέναι ἐποίησαν, δόντες 
σφίσι καὶ ἀγωγοὺς ὥστε μή τινι συγγένωνται" 
καὶ τῷ Ἱ]ερσεῖ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας ἐπιβαίνειν τοῦ 
λοιποῦ ἀπειρήκασιν. 

Οἱ μὲν οὖν Ῥωμαῖοι μετὰ ταῦτα Tvaiov 
Σιεκίννιον στρατηγὸν μετὰ δυνάμεως ὀλίγης ἐξέ- 
πεμψαν (οὐ γάρ πω τὴν μείζω παρεσκευάσαντο), 
καὶ ὁ ἹἸΠερσεὺς εἰς Θεσσαλίαν παρεμβάλλων 
τά γε, πλεῖστα αὐτῆς φὠκειώσατο' ἐπεὶ δὲ τὸ 
ἔαρ ἐπέστη, πέμπουσιν ἐπ᾿ αὐτὸν Λικίννιον 
Κράσσον, καὶ στρατηγὸν ἐπὶ τοῦ ναυτικοῦ 
Γάιον Λουκρήτιον. συμμίξας οὗν πρῶτον περὶ 
Λάρισαν τῷ Περσεῖ ἐν ἱππομαχίᾳ ἔπταισεν" 
ὕστερον μέντοι περιεγένετο, ὥστε καὶ ἀναχωρῆσαι 
τὸν Περσέα εἰς τὴν Μακεδονίαν. ὁ Κράσσος δὲ 
ταῖς πόλεσι ταῖς “Ἑλληνικαῖς ταῖς ὑπὸ τοῦ Φι- 
λίππου κατεχομέναις προσέβαλε, καὶ τῶν μὲν 
πλειόνων ἀπεκρούσθη, ἔστι δ᾽ ἃς cy ral 
καί τίνας κατασκάψας τοὺς ἁλόντας ἀπέδοτο 
ἅπερ οἱ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ πυθόμενοι ἠγανάκτησαν, 
καὶ τόν τε Κράσσον i ὕστερον ἐζημίωσαν χρήμασι 
καὶ τὰς ἑαλωκυίας πόλεις ἠλευθέρωσαν καὶ τοὺς 
πραθέντας ἐξ αὐτῶν καὶ ἐν τῇ Ἰταλίᾳ εὑρεθέντας 
τότε παρὰ τῶν ἐωνημένων αὐτοὺς ἐξεπρίαντο. ' 

Ταῦτα μὲν οὖν οὕτως ἔπραξαν οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι, 
ἐν δὲ τῷ πρὸς τὸν Περσέα πολέμῳ πολλὰ καὶ 
μεγάλα ἠτύχησαν, καὶ πολλαχόθι ἐπόνησε τὰ 
αὐτῶν, καὶ ὁ Περσεὺς τῆς Ἤπείρου καὶ τῆς 


334 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧ 


Zonaras 9, 22. 


although they gave them a hearing in the space 
before the city, they returned no other answer than 
that they would send a consul with whom he might 
confer on whatever topics he pleased. They also 
caused them to depart the same day, after giving 
them guides to prevent their associating with any- 
body. And Perseus was forbidden for the future to 
set foot on the soil of Italy. 

The Romans later sent out Gnaeus Sicinius, a 
praetor, with a small force, as they had not yet made 
ready their greater armament ; and Perseus made an 
invasion of Thessaly, in which he won over the greater 
part of that country. When spring opened, they sent 
Licinius Crassus against him, as well as a praetor, 
Gaius Lucretius, in charge of the fleet. Crassus first 
encountered Perseus near Larissa and was worsted in 
a cavalry skirmish ; later, however, he got the best of 
him, and Perseus accordingly retreated into Mace- 
donia. Crassus meanwhile assailed the Greek cities 
which were held in subjection by Philip and was 
repulsed from the majority of them, although he got 
possession of a few and razed some of them to the 
ground, selling the captives. When the people in 
Rome learned of this, they became indignant, and 
later they imposed a fine on Crassus, liberated the 
captured cities, and bought back from the purchasers 
‘such of their inhabitants as had been sold and were 
then found in Italy. 

Thus the Romans fared in these undertakings ; 
but in the war against Perseus they suffered many 
severe reverses and their fortunes at many points 
were at a low ebb. Perseus occupied the greater 


335 


Bc, 171 


66 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


"Ore ὁ Wepoedvs παντελῶς τοὺς “Pwpaious ἐκ 
᾿ Zonaras 9, 22. 


Θεσσαλίας κατέσχε τὰ πλείονα. τήν τε γὰρ 
» / \ \ \ ~~ / 
ἄλλην συνεκρότησε, καὶ πρὸς τοὺς ἐλέφαντας 
ἴω ¢ / / Φ lal >] / > / 
τῶν Ῥωμαίων φάλαγγα ὁπλιτῶν ἠσκήκει, ὀξέσιν 
ἥλοις τὰς ἀσπίδας καὶ τὰ κράνη σιδηρώσας 
αὐτῶν. ὅπως δὲ μήτε τοῖς ἵπποις φοβεροὶ εἶεν, 
yy > 7 / \ \ ς \ 
εἴδωλα ἐλεφάντων σκευάσας δεινὴν μὲν ὑπὸ 
χρίσματός τινος ὀσμὴν ἔχοντα, φοβερὰ δὲ καὶ 
» a ἈΝ » nan " / \ 
ὀφθῆναι καὶ ἀκουσθῆναι ὄντα (βροντώδη yap 
ἠφίει ἠχήν τινα ἐξ ἐπιτηδεύσεως), πρὸς ἐκεῖνα 
προσῆγεν αὐτοὺς συνεχῶς, μέχρις οὗ καὶ ἐθάρση- 
σαν. ὁ μὲν οὖν Περσεὺς μέγα ἐκ τούτων ἐκέκτητο 

/ \ \ > 7 an / \ n 
φρόνημα καὶ τὸν Αλέξανδρον τῇ δόξῃ καὶ τῷ 
μεγέθει τῆς ἀρχῆς ὑπεροίσειν ἐπήλπισεν, οἱ δ᾽ ἐν 
τῇ Ῥώμῃ ταῦτα μαθόντες τὸν Μάρκιον Φίλιππον 
ὑπατεύοντα σπουδῇ ἐξέπεμψαν. καὶ ὃς εἰς τὴν 
Θεσσαλίαν πρὸς τὸ στρατόπεδον ἀφικόμενος 
τούς τε Ῥωμαίους καὶ τοὺς συμμάχους ἐξήσκει, 
ὥστε δείσαντα τὸν Περσέα ἐν τῷ Aio* τῷ 
Μακεδονικῷ καὶ πρὸς τοῖς Τέμπεσιν ἡσυχίαν 
ἄγειν καὶ τὰ στενὰ τηρεῖν. θαρσήσας δὲ διὰ 
ταῦτα ὁ Φίλιππος διὰ μέσων ὀρῶν ὑπερέβαλε 
καί τινα τοῦ Περσέως κατέσχε. | προϊὼν δ᾽ ἐπὶ 
τῆς Πύδνης τῶν ἐπιτηδείων ἐσπάνισε, καὶ ἐς 
τὴν Θεσσαλίαν “ἀνέστρεψε. καὶ αὖθις ὁ Περσεὺς 
ἀνεθάρσησε καὶ ἃ κατέσχεν δ Φίλιππος ἀνεκτή- 
σατο καὶ τῷ ναυτικῷ συχνὰ τοὺς “Ῥωμαίους 
ἐλύπει, συμμάχους τε προσηγάγετο καὶ πάντῃ 
τοὺς Ρωμαίους ἐκ τῆς Ελλάδος ἤλπισεν ἐκβαλεῖν. 
4336 1 δίῳ Wolf, ἰδίῳ Mss. 


BOOK XX 


Perseus hoped to eject the Romans from Greece 


Zonaras 9, 22. 


part of Epirus and Thessaly, having gathered a large 
body of troops. As a special measure of defence 
against the Romans’ elephants he had a trained 
phalanx of heavy-armed warriors whose shields and 
helmets he had had studded with sharp iron nails. 
Also, in order to make sure that the beasts should 
not prove a source of terror to the horses, he con- 
structed images of elephants and smeared them with 
some kind of ointment to give them a dreadful 
odour. They were terrible both to see and to hear, 
since they were skilfully arranged to emit a roar 
resembling thunder; and he would repeatedly lead 
the horses up to these figures until they gained 
courage. Perseus, then, as a result of all this had 
acquired great confidence and even hoped to surpass 
Alexander in glory and in the size of his domain ; 
and the people of Rome, when they learned this, 
speedily sent out Marcius Philippus, who was consul. 
He, on reaching the camp in Thessaly, went to 
drilling the Romans and the allies, so that Perseus 
became afraid, and remained quiet at Dium in 
Macedonia, near Tempe, and kept watch of the 
pass. Philippus, encouraged by this behaviour of 
his, crossed over the middle of the mountain range 
and occupied some possessions of Perseus. But as 
he was advancing toward Pydna he fell short of 
provisions and turned back to Thessaly. Perseus 
now gained courage anew, recovered the places that 
Philippus had occupied, and with his fleet caused the 
Romans numerous injuries. He also secured allies 
and hoped to eject the Romans from Greece alto- 


337 


VOL. 1]. Z 


B.C. 169 


B.c. 169 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


τῆς ᾿λλάδος ἐκβαλεῖν ἤλπισεν, TH δὲ πολλῇ Kal 
ἰκαί ιδωλίᾳ καὶ τῇ δι’ αὐτὴν τῶ t 
ἀκαίρῳ pe a καὶ TH OL αὐτὴν τῶν συμμάχων 
aX la Ἰσθενὴς αὖθ : fae b δ) \ 
ὀλιγωρίᾳ a ns αὖθις ἐγένετο. ἐπειδὴ yap 
, a ‘Pp / ¢ dio \ | > / 1 
τά τε τῶν Ρωμαίων ὑπεδίδου καὶ τὰ ἐκείνου 
/ n 
ἐπηύξετο, κατεφρόνησεν ws οὐδὲν ἔτι TOV συμ- 
“ / a 
μαχικῶν δεόμενος, ἀλλ’ ἤτοι Kal προῖκά oi 
na Ψ > 
αὐτῶν βοηθησόντων, ἢ καὶ καθ᾽ ἑαυτὸν κρατήσων, 
\ ” Ἂ > Ὁ ” na I \ 7 ἃ 
καὶ οὔτε τῷ Εὐμενεῖ οὔτε τῷ Τεντίῳ τὰ χρήματα ἃ 
> / / / 
ὑπέσχητο" ἀπέδωκε, νομίσας οἰκείαν αὐτοὺς 
Ν ¢ / 
αἰτίαν ἔχθρας πρὸς Ρωμαίους ἔχειν. τούτων τε 
5 \ A “ ἡδὲ \ 5 Ὁ) > al > 
οὖν καὶ TOV Θρᾳκῶν (οὐδὲ yap οὐδ᾽ ἐκεῖνοι ἐν- 
a \ 
τελῆ τὸν μισθὸν ἐλάμβανον) ἀπροθύμων γενο- 
μένων ἐς τοσοῦτο αὖθις ἀπογνώσεως ἀφίκετο 
ὥστε καὶ σπονδῶν SenOjvar.—V. 57 (p. 610). 
Ὅτι ὁ Περσεὺς σπονδῶν ἐδεήθη παρὰ Ῥω- 
μαίοις, κἂν ἔτυχεν αὐτῶν, εἰ μὴ οἱ “Ῥόδιοι συνε- 
Zonaras 9, 22. 
τὸ \ A Cie Ὁ , ) \ A 9 
τῇ δὲ πολλῇ καὶ ἀκαίρῳ φειδωλίᾳ καὶ τῇ δι 
A ͵7 >] / 
αὐτὴν TOV συμμάχων ὀλιγωρίᾳ ἀσθενὴς αὖθις 
Deve ¢ \ \ A ῬἭῬ , Ὁ [ὃ \ 
ἐγένετο. ὡς yap Ta τῶν Ρωμαίων ὑπεδίδου, τὰ 
’ > 7, > ΄ / 6 ΔΝ », 
δ᾽ ἐκείνου ἐπηύξετο, κατεφρόνησεν ὡς οὐδὲν ἔτι 
A / ᾽ 
τῶν συμμάχων δεόμενος, καὶ οὐκ ἐδίδου χρήματα 
ὔ, Ἄν 8 £ nN \ 5 > / 
σφίσιν ἃ ἐπηγγείλατο. τῶν μὲν οὖν ἀμβχλυνθέντων 
τὸ πρόθυμον, τῶν δὲ καὶ τέλεον αὐτὸν ἐκλιπόντων, 
τοσοῦτον ἀπέγνω ὥστε καὶ σπονδῶν δεηθῆναι. 
καὶ κἂν ἔτυχε τούτων διὰ τοῦ Εὐμενοῦς, εἰ μὴ 
aly yt , / ς / \ 
καὶ Ῥόδιοι συνεπρέσβευσαν: ὑπερηφάνως yap 


1 ἐκείνου Reim., ἐκείνων Ms. 
2 ὑπέσχητο Bk., ὑπέσχετο Ms. 


338 


a 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧ 


completely, but through his excessive and inopportune 
parsimony and the consequent contempt of his allies 
he became weak once more. For when the Roman 
influence was declining and his own was increasing, 
he became filled with scorn and thought he had no 
further need of his allies, but believed that either 
they would assist him free of cost or he could prevail 
by himself. Hence he paid neither Eumenes nor 
Gentius the money that he had promised, thinking 
that they had reasons of their own for enmity 
toward the Romans. These princes, therefore, and 
the Thracians, who also were not receiving their full 
pay, became indifferent; and Perseus fell into such 
depths of despair again that he even sued for peace. 

Perseus sued for peace at the hands of the Romans, 
and would have obtained it but for the presence in 


Zonaras 9, 22. 
gether, but through his excessive and inopportune 
parsimony and the consequent contempt of his allies 
he became weak once more. For as soon as the 
Roman influence was declining and his own was 
increasing, he became filled with scorn and thought 
he had no further need of his allies, and would not 
give them the money which he had offered. The zeal 
of some, accordingly, became damped and _ others 
abandoned him entirely, whereupon he was so over- 
whelmed by despair that he even sued for peace. 
And he would have obtained it through Eumenes 
but for the presence of Rhodians also in the embassy. 


$39 
) zZ2 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ » “A ὃ / ἴω \ c y / \ 
πρέσβευσαν αὐτῷ δέει τοῦ μὴ ᾿ωμαίοις τὸν 
ἀντίπαλον ὑπεξαιρεθῆναι. μέτριον μὲν yap 
οὐδέν, οἷα δεομένους εἰκὸς ἣν εἰπεῖν, ἔλεξαν: καὶ 
τῆς εἰρήνης οὐκ αἰτηταὶ padrov τῷ Περσεῖ ἢ 
/ » 
δόται ὄντες. ἄλλα τε πολλὰ ὑπερήφανα διελέ- 
\ / > / a ae ST’. a \ 
χθησαν, καὶ τέλος ἤἠπείλησαν τοῖς αἰτίοις τοῦ μὴ 
A / / \ la) εν 
συμβῆναί σῴφας γενομένοις μετὰ τῶν ἑτέρων 
7 > / > \ \ \ P / 
πολεμήσειν. κἀκ τούτου οὐδὲ TO πρὶν ἀνύποπτοι 
a / > an 
τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις ὄντες μᾶλλον διεβλήθησαν, καὶ 
\ 7 lal nN a > / 
tov Περσέα τῶν σπονδῶν τυχεῖν ἐκώλυσαν.--- 
U® 18 (p. 382). Cf. Suid. s.v. αἰτηταί. 


Zonaras 9, 22-23. 
οὗτοι τοῖς Ρωμαίοις διαλεχθέντες τυχεῖν αὐτὸν 
ἐκώλυσαν τῶν σπονδῶν. 

28, ᾿Εντεῦθεν ὁ κατ᾽ αὐτοῦ πόλεμος Τ]αύχλῳ 
ἀνετέθη τῷ Αἰμιλίῳ τὸ δεύτερον ὑπατεύοντι. 
ὃς σπουδῇ κομισθεὶς εἰς τὴν Θεσσαλίαν καὶ 
τὰ τῶν στρατιωτῶν προκαταστησάμενος, βιασά- 
μενος διὰ τῶν Τεμπῶν (ὀλίγοι γὰρ “ἐφρούρουν 
αὐτάλ, ἐπὶ τὸν Περσέα ὥρμησεν. ἐπεὶ δ᾽ ἐκεῖνος 
τὸν ᾿ὔλπιον ποταμὸν προσαπέφραξεν ὄντα ἐν 
μέσῳ, προκαταλαβὼν δὲ καὶ πᾶν τὸ μεταξὺ 
τοῦ τε Ολύμπου καὶ τῆς θαλάσσης αἱμασιαῖς 
καὶ σταυρώμασι καὶ οἰκοδομήμασιν ἄπορον ἀπειρ- 
yaoaTo, ἐθάρρει δὲ καὶ τῇ ἀνυδρίᾳ τοῦ τόπου, 
ἐπείρασε μὲν καὶ οὕτως ὁ ὕπατος διελθεῖν, καὶ 


340 


BOOK XX 


his embassy of the Rhodians, who joined it through 
fear that the Romans’ rival might be destroyed. Their 
language had none of the moderation which it was 
fitting for petitioners to employ, and they talked as 
if they were not so much asking peace for Perseus as 
bestowing it, and adopted a very arrogant tone 
generally ; finally they threatened those who should 
be responsible for their failing to come to an agree- 
ment, declaring that they would fight with the 
others against them. Even before this time they 
had not been free from suspicion on the part of the 
Romans, and by their present conduct they made 
themselves more hated than ever; thus they pre- 
vented Perseus from obtaining peace. 


Zonaras 9, 22-23. 


These, by adopting an arrogant tone with the 
Romans, prevented him from obtaining peace. 

23. At this point the war against him was en- 
trusted to Aemilius Paulus, now for the second time 
consul. He quickly reached Thessaly, and having 
first restored discipline among the soldiers, forced 
his way through Tempe, which was being guarded 
by only a few men, and marched against Perseus. 
The latter had erected breastworks along the river 
Elpeus, which lay between the armies, had occupied 
and rendered impassable by means of stone walls and 
palisades and buildings all the ground between Olym- 
pus and the sea, and was encouraged by the lack of 
water in the place. Yet even so the consul attempted 
to effect a passage, and he found a means of remedying 


341 


B.c. 168 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 23. 


τῆς avvdpias ἐπορίσατο ἐπικούρημα. διαμησά- 
μενος γὰρ τὴν ἐν τῇ ὑπωρείᾳ τοῦ Ὀλύμπου 
ἄμμον ὕδωρ εὗρε δαψιλές τε καὶ πότιμον. κἀν 
τούτῳ τῶν “Ῥοδίων πρέσβεις ἀφίκοντο πρὸς 
αὐτὸν ἀπὸ τῆς αὐτῆς θρασύτητος ἀφ᾽ ἧς καὶ 
ἐς τὴν Ῥώμην πρὶν ἐπρεσβεύσαντο. ὁ δὲ οὐδὲν 
εἰπὼν πλέον αὐτοῖς ἢ ὅτι μετ᾽ ὀλίγας ἡμέρας 
ἀπόκρισιν δώσει, ἀπέπεμψεν αὐτούς. ὡς δὲ 
προσβάλλων οὐδὲν ἐπέραινεν, ἔμαθε δὲ τὰ ὄρη 
ὄντα που πορεύσιμα, μέρος τι τοῦ στρατοῦ 
ἐπὶ τὴν δυσπροσοδωτέραν αὐτῶν ὑπερβολὴν 
ἔπεμψε, καταληψόμενον τὰ ταύτῃ ἐπίκαιρα (διὰ 
γὰρ τὸ δυσπρόσιτον καὶ ἐλαχίστην εἶχε φρουράν), 
αὐτὸς δὲ τῷ λοιπῷ τοῦ στρατεύματος προσέμιξε 
τῷ Περσεῖ, ἵνα μή τι ὑποτοπήσας φυλακὴν 
τῶν ὀρῶν ἀκριβεστέραν ποιήσαιτο. καὶ μετὰ 
τοῦτο καταληφθέντων τῶν ἄκρων νυκτὸς πρὸς 
τὰ ὄρη ὥρμησε, καὶ πῇ μὲν λαθών, πῇ δὲ βια- 
σάμενος ὑπερέβαλεν αὐτά. ὃ μαθὼν ὁ Περσεύς, 
καὶ δείσας μὴ κατὰ νώτου αὐτῷ προσπέσῃ ἣ 
καὶ τὴν Πύδναν προκατάσχῃ (καὶ γὰρ τὸ ναυτικὸν 
ἅμα τὸ τῶν Ῥωμαίων παρέπλει), τό τε ἔρυμα 
τὸ πρὸς τῷ ποταμῷ ἐξέλιπε, καὶ πρὸς τὴν 
Πύδναν ἐπειχθεὶς πρὸ τῆς πόλεως ἐστρατοπεδεύ- 
σατο. καὶ ἦλθε μὲν καὶ ὁ Παῦλος ἐκεῖ, οὐ 
μέντοι καὶ παραχρῆμα, προσέμιξαν, ἀλλὰ καὶ 
διέτριψαν. οὐκ ὀλίγας ἡμέρας. προμαθὼν δὲ ὁ 
Παῦλος ὡς ἡ “σελήνη ἐκλείψειν μέλλει, συνη- 
θροίκει πρὸς ἑσπέραν τὸ στράτευμα, ὅτε τὴν 
ἔκλειψεν γενέσθαι ἐχρῆν, καὶ προεῖπε τὸ συμβη- 
σόμενον, καὶ μή τι διὰ τοῦτο ταραχθῆναι παρή- 


342 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧ 


Zonaras 9, 23. 


the lack of water ; for by piercing the sand bed at the 
foot of Olympus he found an abundant supply suitable 
for drinking. Meanwhile envoys of the Rhodians 
came to him, animated by the same boldness which 
they had displayed on their former embassy to Rome. 
But he made no statement to them beyond saying 
that he would return an answer in a few days, and 
dismissed them. Now when he could accomplish 
nothing by direct assault, but learned that the moun- 
tains were passable in places, he sent a portion of 
his army toward that pass across them which was the 
most difficult of approach, to seize opportune points 
along the route,—for on account of the difficulty of 
access it had an extremely small guard,—while he 
himself with the remainder of his army attacked Per- 
seus, so that the latter might not become suspicious 
and guard the mountains with greater care.’ After- 
wards, when the heights had been occupied, he set 
out by night for the mountains, and by passing un- 
noticed at some points and employing force at others 
he got across. Perseus on learning of this became 
afraid that the enemy might assail him from the rear, 
or even seize Pydna, since the Roman fleet was 
at the same time sailing along the coast; and he 
accordingly abandoned his fortification near the river, 
and hastening to Pydna, encamped in front of the 
town. Paulus, too, came there, but instead of begin- 
ning an engagement immediately they delayed for a 
good many days. Paulus had learned beforehand 
that the moon was going to be eclipsed, and so, 
assembling his army on the evening when the eclipse 
was due to occur, he gave the men notice of what 
would happen and warned them not to let it disturb 


343 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 23. 

vecev. οἱ μὲν οὖν Ῥωμαῖοι τὴν ἔκλειψιν θεασά- 
μενοι οὐδὲν κακὸν ἐξ αὐτῆς ὑπετόπησαν, οἱ δέ 
γε Μακεδόνες δέος ἔσχον ἐκ τούτου καὶ ἐς τὸν 
Περσέα τὸ τέρας τείνειν ἐνόμισαν. οὕτω δ᾽ 
ἑκατέρων ἐχόντων συμβάν τι κατὰ τύ ἣν τῇ 
ὑστεραίᾳ συνέρρηξεν αὐτοὺς εἰς μάχην ἀκήρυκτον 
καὶ τέλος τῷ πολέμῳ ἐπέθηκεν. ἐπεὶ γὰρ ὑποζύ- 
γιόν τι τῶν Ῥωμαίων εἰς τὸ ὕδωρ εἰσέπεσεν 
ἐξ οὗπερ ὑδρεύοντο, καὶ οἵ τε Μακεδόνες αὐτοῦ 
ἐπελάβοντο καὶ οἱ ὑδροφόροι ἀντείχοντο, τὸ μὲν 
πρῶτον οὗτοι καθ᾽ ἑαυτοὺς ἐμαχέσαντο, ἔπειτα 
καὶ οἱ λοιποὶ ἐπικουροῦντες τοῖς οἰκείοις κατ᾽ 
ὀλίγους ἐκ τῶν στρατοπέδων ἐξήεσαν, καὶ πάντες 
συνέμιξαν ἀπ ᾿ἀμφοῖν. καὶ μάχης ἀσυντάκτου μέν, 
ὀξείας δὲ γενομένης, οἱ Ρωμαῖοι ἐκράτησαν, καὶ 
καταδιώξαντες τοὺς Μακεδόνας μέχρι τῆς θαλάσ- 
σης πολλοὺς μὲν αὐτοὶ ἐφόνευσαν, πολλοὺς δὲ τῷ 
ναυτικῷ προσπλεύσαντι ἀποκτεῖναι παρέδοσαν. 
οὐδ᾽ av τις ὑπελείφθη αὐτῶν, εἰ μὴ νὺξ αὐτοῖς 
ἐβοήθησε: περὶ δείλην yap ὀψίαν ἡ ἡ μάχη ἐγένετο. 

Διαφυγὼν οὖν εἰς ᾿Αμφίπολιν ὁ Περσεὺς ὡς 
τούς τε “περιλιπεῖς ἀναχηψόμενος καὶ συστήσων 
αὖθις τὰ πράγματα, ἐπεὶ OUT ἦλθόν τινες πρὸς 
αὐτὸν πλὴν μισθοφόρων Κρητῶν καὶ τὴν Πύδναν 
ἄλλας τε πόλεις τὰ τῶν Ρωμαίων ἡρῆσθαι ἔμαθε, 
κἀκεῖθεν “μετέστη καὶ εἰς πλοῖα τὰ χρήματα 
ὅσα ἐπήγετο θέμενος νυκτὸς ἐς Σαμοθράκην 
ἀπέπλευσε. καὶ πυθόμενος οὐ πολλῷ ὕστερον 
τὸν ὈΟκταούιον, ὃς τοῦ ναυτικοῦ προΐστατο, 
προσπλέοντα, καὶ τὸν [Παῦλον ἐς ᾿Αμφίπολεν 
παρόντα, ἐπέστειλεν αὐτῷ συμβῆναι δεόμενος. 


344 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧ 


Zonaras 9, 29. 


them at all. Accordingly the Romans on beholding 
the eclipse looked for no evil to come from it ; but the 
Macedonians were in fear because of it and thought 
that the prodigy referred to Perseus. While each side 
was in this frame of mind an accidental occurrence 
the next day forced them into an unpremeditated 
battle and put an end to the war. One of the 
Romans’ pack-animals fell into the water from which 
they were getting their supply, whereupon the 
Macedonians laid hold of him and the water- 
carriers offered resistance. At first they fought by 
themselves ; then the other troops also gradually 
issued from their respective camps to the assistance of 
their own men, and everybody on both sides became 
engaged. A disordered but sharp conflict ensued, in 
which the Romans were victorious; and pursuing 
the Macedonians as far as the sea, they slaughtered 
numbers of them themselves and allowed the fleet, 
which was drawing inshore, to slay many more. 
Indeed, not one of them would have been left alive 
had not night come to their aid; for the battle 
occurred during the late afternoon. 

Perseus consequently made his escape to Amphi- 
polis, where he intended to rally the survivors and 
reorganize the campaign; but as nobody came to 
him but Cretan mercenaries and he learned that 
Pydna and other cities had chosen the Roman 
side, he moved on from there also, and after putting 
aboard some vessels all the money that he was carry- 
ing he sailed away by night to Samothrace. Before 
long he ascertained that Octavius was approaching 
at the head of his fleet and that Paulus had arrived 
at Amphipolis; so he sent him a letter expressing a 


345 


ϑ 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 
“ c \ > / x ᾽ ΓΝ: fal 
Or. ὁ Ilepoeds ἐν Σαμοθράκῃ av ἐν τῷ ἱερῷ, 
» / an 
καὶ ἐξαιτηθεὶς Εὔανδρόν τινα, γένος μὲν Κρῆτα, 
πιστότατον δὲ ὄντα καὶ ἄλλα τε πολλὰ ἑαυτῷ 
Ν a c / ς / \ \ a 
κατὰ τῶν Ῥωμαίων ὑπουργηκότα καὶ τὴν τοῦ 
Εὐμενοῦς ἐπιβουλὴν τὴν ἐν τοῖς Δελφοῖς γενο- 
μένην συνεσκευακότα, οὐκ ἐξέδωκε pév,” φοβηθεὶς 
μὴ κατείπῃ ὅσα αὐτῷ συνήδει, λάθρᾳ δὲ ἀπο- 
/ ὃ £5 3 / v4 « \ ,ὔ 

κτείνας διέδωκε λόγον ὅτι ἑαυτὸν προαπεχρήσατο. 


«ς Ν , e / \ > Ψ > a 
ol δὲ συνόντες οἱ φοβηθέντες τὴν ἀπιστίαν αὐτοῦ 


Zonaras 9, 23. 
\ > \ / « \ > an > lal > / 
καὶ ἐπεὶ βασιλέα ἑαυτὸν ἐν TH ἐπιστολῇ ὠνό- 
3 7 
μασεν, οὐδ᾽ ἀποκρίσεως ἔτυχεν. ὕστερον δὲ ἄνευ 
, / , 
τινὸς τοιαύτης προσρήσεως ἐπιστείλαντος προσ- 
\ \ \ ca) a 
εδέξατο μὲν τὸν ὑπὲρ τῶν σπονδῶν λόγον, 
/ ΝΜ 
οὐκ ἄλλως μέντοι συμβήσεσθαι ἔφη εἰ μὴ καὶ 
a al «ς 
ἑαυτὸν καὶ τὰ ἑαυτοῦ πάντα τοῖς Ρωμαίοις 
3 , \ \ a > \ 
ἐπιτρέψειε. καὶ διὰ ταῦτα ov συνέβησαν. μετὰ 
A Ἀν tm \ \ “a ¢ / » 
τοῦτο δὲ ἐξαιτηθεὶς παρὰ τῶν Ρωμαίων Εὐὔανδρόν 
A \ a 
twa Κρῆτα πολλὰ Kat αὐτῶν ὑπουργηκότα 
\ / 9. in > 2e/ / \ 
Kal πιστότατον AUTO, οὐκ ἐξέδωκε μέν, φοβηθεὶς 
\ / “ > A 1 10 de | oe 
μὴ κατείπῃ ὅσα αὐτῷ συνήδει, λάθρᾳ δὲ αὐτὸν 
\ 7 , 
ἀποκτείνας ἑαυτὸν διαχειρίσασθαι ἐφήμισε. τότε 
μὲν οὖν οἱ συνόντες αὐτῷ φοβηθέντες τὴν ἀπι- 


1 δὲ Val., τε Ms. 2 μέν inserted by Bk, 
® διέδωκε Val., δέδωκε Ms. 


346 


—_—— 


BOOK XX 


When Perseus was in the temple at Samothrace, a 8.0. 168 
demand was made upon him for the surrender of 
one Evander, of Cretan stock, a most faithful fol- 
lower who had assisted him in many other schemes 
against the Romans and had helped to concoct the 
plot carried out at Delphi against Eumenes. Per- 
seus, fearing that he might declare all the intrigues 
to which he had been privy, did not deliver him up, 
but secretly slew him and spread the report that he 
had made away with himself before he could be 
apprehended. The associates of Perseus, fearing his 


Zonaras 9, 23. 


desire to come to terms. But since he styled himself 
king in the letter, he did not even get an answer. Sub- 
sequently he sent a letter without any such title in it ; 
and Paulus entertained his plea for peace, but de- 
clared that he would make terms only on condition 
that Perseus entrusted himself and all his posses- 
sions to the Romans’ keeping. Hence they failed to 
come to an agreement. After this a demand was 
made upon Perseus by the Romans for the surrender 
of one Evander, a Cretan, who had assisted him in 
many schemes against them and was most faithful to 
him. Perseus, fearing that he might declare all 
the intrigues to which he had been privy, did not 
deliver him up, but secretly slew him and spread 
the report that he had perished by his own hand. 
Then the associates of Perseus, fearing his treachery, 


347 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


καὶ τὴν μιαιφονίαν μεθίστασθαι HpEavTo.—V. 58 
(p. 610). . 

Ὅτι ὁ Περσεὺς ἐθελοντὴς εὑρέθη, καὶ αὐτὸν és 
τὴν ᾿Αμφίπολιν ἀχθέντα ὁ Παῦλος οὐδὲν οὔτε ἔργῳ 

" / \ ” > \ \ / € 
οὔτε λόγῳ δεινὸν ἔδρασεν, ἀλλὰ Kal προσιόντι οἱ 
ε \ ΄, ” > 7 oi ee αὶ 
ὑπαναστὰς τά τε ἄλλα ἐδεξιώσατο Kal ὁμόσιτον 
᾽ / ” A 29/7 i Ὁ / 
ἐποιήσατο, ἔν TE φυλακῇ ἀδέσμῳ Kal ἐν θεραπείᾳ 
πολλῇ, ἣγε.---Ὗ. 59 (p. 613). 


Zonaras 9, 23-24. 
/ > lal > Ν > / \ / 
στίαν αὐτοῦ (ov yap ἠγνόησαν τὸ γενόμενον), 
ἴα ἢ ial 
μεθίστασθαι ἤρξαντο. κἀκεῖνος δείσας μὴ τοῖς 
“Ῥωμαίοις παραδοθῇ, ἐκδρᾶναι νυκτὸς ἐπεχείρησε. 
καὶ ἔλαθεν ἂν πρὸς Κότυν Θρᾷκα δυνάστην 
κομισθείς, εἰ μὴ οἱ ἸΚρῆτες αὐτὸν ἐγκατέλιπον" 
7 \ cA > \ Ὁ 
ἐνθέμενοι γὰρ τὰ χρήματα εἰς τὰ πλοῖα οἴκαδε 
a ς > a 
ἀπῆραν. ὁ δὲ ἡμέρας μέν τινας αὐτοῦ μετὰ 
\ a if 
Φιλίππου ἑνὸς τῶν υἱέων κρυπτόμενος ἔλαθεν, 
οι \ \ \ » - x \ / 
ἐπεὶ δὲ τοὺς ἄλλους παῖδας καὶ τὴν θεραπείαν 
/ 4 / 
ἔγνω κατεσχηκότα τὸν ᾿Οκταούιον, εὑρέθη ἐθε- 
7 > / > \ > 7 > \ 
λοντής. Kal ἀχθέντα εἰς τὴν ᾿Αμφίπολιν οὐδὲν 
ς a ᾿ς τ > \ \ > ΄, \ 
ὁ Παῦλος ἐκάκωσεν, ἀλλὰ καὶ ἐδεξιώσατο Kal 
ὁμόσιτον ἐποιήσατο καὶ ἐν ἀδέσμῳ φυλακῇ ἐτήρει 
καὶ ἐν θεραπείᾳ ἦγε. μετὰ δὲ ταῦτα εἰς τὴν 
> , i teal Ὁ , > / 1 
Ιταλίαν διὰ τῆς ᾿Ηπείρου ἀνεκομίσθη. 
24. Κατὰ δὲ τὸν αὐτὸν χρόνον καὶ Λούκιος 
\ / 
᾿Ανίκιος στρατηγὸς πεμφθεὶς ἐπὶ τὸν Tévtiov 
a / 
τοὺς προσμίξαντάς τε αὐτῷ ἐνίκησε Kal τὸν 
/ / > ὃ / >? ἠδ 2 , 
Γέντιον φυγόντα ἐπιδιώξας ἐς Σκόδραν" κατέ- 
1 There follow in Zonaras several lines taken from Plutarch. 
2 Σκόδραν Wolf, κοδρὰν Mss. 


348 


BOOK XX 


treachery and blood-guiltiness, then began to desert 
him. 

Perseus allowed himself to be discovered, and he 
was brought to Amphipolis. Paulus accorded him no 
harsh treatment in deed or word, but on the contrary 
rose at his approach, welcomed him in other ways, 
and let him sit at his table; he kept him in 
honourable confinement and treated him with great 
consideration. 


Zonaras 9, 23-24. 

since they were not ignorant of what had occurred, 
began to desert him. Perseus, in dread of being 
delivered up to the Romans, tried to escape at night 
by flight, and would have gotten away unobserved to 
Cotys, a Thracian prince, but for the fact that the 
Cretans abandoned him ; for after placing the money 
in boats they sailed off home. So he remained there 
for some days in concealment with Philip, one of his 
sons, but on ascertaining that the rest of his children 
and his retinue had fallen into the hands of Octavius, 
he allowed himself to be discovered. When he was 
brought to Amphipolis, Paulus did him no injury, but 
welcomed him and let him sit at his table; he kept 
him in honourable confinement and treated him with 
consideration. After this Paulus returned through 
Epirus to Italy. 

24. At this same time Lucius Anicius, a praetor, 
sent to conduct operations against Gentius, not 
only conquered those who withstood him but also 
pursued Gentius, when he fled to Scodra, where his 


349 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 24, 

Kevoen, ὅπου ἣν αὐτῷ τὰ βασίλεια. καὶ διακενῆς 
ἂν προσήδρευεν. αὐτῇ (ἐπὶ γὰρ ἀκρωνυχίας ὄρους 
πεπόλισται καὶ φάραγξι βαθείαις ποταμοὺς 
ῥοώδεις ἐχούσαις περιειλεῖται, τείχει τε ὀχυρῷ 
περιέξωσται), εἰ μὴ ὁ Τέντιος μέγα ἐπὶ τῇ δυνάμει 
ἐλπίσας ἑκὼν εἰς μάχην ἐχώρησε. κἀκ τούτου 
τήν τε ἀρχὴν αὐτοῦ πᾶσαν ὁ ᾿Ανίκιος προση- 
γάγετο καὶ μέχρι τῆς Ἠπείρου προελθών, πρὶν 
τὸν Παῦλον ἐλθεῖν, κἀκείνην ταραττομένην 
ἡμέρωσεν. 

Οἱ δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ ἔμαθον μὲν τὴν τοῦ Παύλου 
νίκην τετάρτῃ μετὰ τὴν μάχην ἡμέρᾳ ἔκ τινος 
φήμης, οὐ μέντοι καὶ ἀκριβῶς ἐπίστευον. εἶτα 
γραμμάτων ὑπὲρ ταύτης κομισθέντων τοῦ Iav- 
λου, ὑπερήσθησαν, καὶ οὐχ ὡς τὸν Περσέα 
νενικηκότες καὶ τὴν Μακεδονίαν κτησάμενοι, ἀλλ᾽ 
ὡς τὸν Φίλιππον ἐκεῖνον τὸν πάνυ καὶ αὐτὸν 
τὸν ᾿Αλέξανδρον “μετὰ πάσης τῆς ἀρχῆς ἐκείνης 
ἣν ἔσχηκε νικήσαντες ἐσεμνύνοντο. ἐλθόντι 
δ᾽ ἐς Ῥώμην τῷ Παύλῳ πολλὰ ἐψηφίσθη, καὶ 
ἡ πομπὴ τῶν νικητηρίων αὐτῷ λαμπροτάτη 
ἐγένετο. ἔπεμψε μὲν γὰρ καὶ τἄλλα ὅσα ἑαλώκει 
πάντα, ἔπεμψε δὲ καὶ Βίθυν τὸν τοῦ Κότυος 
υἱόν, τόν τε Περσέα καὶ τὴν γυναῖκα αὐτοῦ τούς 
τε παῖδας τρεῖς ὄντας ἐν τῷ τῶν αἰχμαλώτων 
σχήματι. δείσας δὲ διὰ τὴν τῆς εὐτυχίας ὑπερβο- 
λὴν μή TL νεμεσήσῃ. αὐτοῖς τὸ δαιμόνιον, ηὔξατο 
καὶ οὗτος κατὰ τὸν Κάμιλλον “μή τι κακὸν 
τῇ πόλει ἐκ τούτων, ἀλλ’ ἑαυτῷ, εἴ Te δέοι, 
γενήσεσθαι: καὶ δύο υἱεῖς, τὸ μὲν πρὸ τοῦ 
θριάμβου μικρόν, τὸν δὲ ἐν αὐτῇ τῇ τῶν ἐπινικίων 


35° 


BOOK XX 


Zonaras 9, 24. 


palace was, and shut him up there. The city was 
built on the summit of a mountain and had deep 
ravines with rushing torrents winding about it, 
besides being surrounded by a strong wall; and 
the siege would have come to naught, had not 
Gentius, presuming greatly upon his own power, 
voluntarily advanced to battle. In consequence 
Anicius gained control of his entire domain; he 
then proceeded to Epirus, before Paulus arrived, and 
quieted that disturbed district also. 

The people of Rome by some rumour or other 
heard of the victory of Paulus on the fourth day 
after the battle, but they placed no sure confidence 
in it. Then letters were brought from Paulus 
regarding his success, and they were greatly pleased 
and plumed themselves not merely upon having 


vanquished Perseus and acquired Macedonia but: 
upon having beaten the renowned Philip of old aad: 
Alexander himself, together with all that ergpire. 


which he had held. When Paulus reached Rome, 
many decrees were passed in his honeur and 
his triumphal procession was ἃ .most brilliant one.. 
For in addition to all the booty which he had 
taken he also had in his procession Bithys, the son 
of Cotys, besides Perseus with his wife and three 
children in the garb of captives. But fearing that 
Heaven might become displeased with the Romans 
because of their excessive good fortune, he prayed, 
as Camillus had once done, that no ill to the state 
might result from it all, but rather to him, if it must 
come ; and, indeed, he lost two sons, one a little 
before the celebration and the other during the 


351; 


B:C: 167 


( 


Nef 


| 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


"Ori ὁ Lad } 7 ) ἣν a 
TLO llavAos οὐ στρατηγῆσαι μόνον ἣν aya- 
θὸς ἀλλὰ καὶ χρημάτων ἀδωρότατος. τεκμήριον 
/ 
δέ: δεύτερον τότε ὑπατεύσας καὶ λαφύρων 
᾽ / / 3 / / / 
ἀμυθήτων Kparncas ey Ἰοδαῦτῃ “wend διεβίω 
ὥστε χαλεπῶς τῇ γυναικὶ αὐτοῦ τὴν προῖκα 
τελευτήσαντος ἀποδοθῆναι. τοιοῦτος μὲν οὖν 
ἣν καὶ τοιαῦτα ἔπραξεν: τοῦτο δὲ μόνον 
al an ’ 
ὥσπερ τινὰ κηλῖδα TH! τούτου βίῳ προστε- 
τρίφθαι νομίζουσι, τὸ διαρπάσαι τοῖς στρατιώ- 
\ 7 > , 2 5 ᾽ ” 
Tals τὰ χρήματα ἐπιτρέψαι," τἄλλα οὐκ ἄμοιρον 
7] 4 al 
χαρίτων ἄνδρα γενόμενον, Kal μέτριον μὲν ἐν ταῖς 
Α / 
εὐπραγίαις, εὐτυχέστατον δὲ ἅμα καὶ εὐβουλό- 
a ? 
τατον ἐν τοῖς πολεμίοις ὀφθέντα. μαρτύριον δὲ 
\ / \ \ / ς / ἂν ΑΨ ΕΝ , 
τὸ μήτε πρὸς τὸν llepaéa ὑπέρογκον καὶ ἀλαζόνα 
a / a 
δειχθῆναι, μήτε τὸν πρὸς αὐτὸν πόλεμον κακῶς 
καὶ ἀπροβούλως ἀγωνίσασθαι.---. 60 (p. 613). 


Zonaras 9, 24. 
ἀπέβαλεν ἑορτῇ. ἣν δὲ οὐ στρατηγῆσαι μόνον 
ἀγαθός, ἀλλὰ καὶ ὑπερόπτης χρημάτων. τεκμή- 
ριον δέ: δεύτερον τότε ὑπατεύσας καὶ λαφύρων 
ἀμυθήτων κρατήσας ἐν τοσαύτῃ πενίᾳ διεβίω 
ὥστε χαλεπῶς τῇ γυναικὲ αὐτοῦ τὴν προῖκα 
τελευτήσαντος ἀποδοθῆναι. 

Τῶν δ᾽ ἁλόντων τῷ πατρὶ μὲν ὁ Βίθυς προῖκα 
ἐδόθη, Περσεὺς δὲ εἰς ᾿Αλβαν σὺν τοῖς παισὶ 
καὶ τῇ θεραπείᾳ κατετέθη:" κἀκεῖ ἕως μὲν ἤλπιζε 
ἮΝ βασιλείαν κομίσασθαι ἀντεῖχεν, ἐπεὶ δ᾽ 


1 τῷ Rk., ἐν τῷ Ms. 
2 ἐπιτρέψαι added by Val. ; still more seems to have been 
lost from the Ms. 


352 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧ 


Paulus was not only good at generalship but most 
inaccessible to bribes. Of this the following is a 
proof. Though he had at that time entered upon 
the consulship for a second term and had gained 
possession of untold spoils, he continued to live in 
such great poverty that when he died the dowry was 
with difficulty paid back to his wife. Such was the 
nature of the man and such were his deeds. The 
only thing regarded as a blemish that attached to his 
character was his turning over the possessions [of the 
Epirots ὃ] to his soldiers for pillage ; for the rest, he 
showed himself a man not devoid of charm and 
temperate in good fortune, who was seen to be at 
once most fortunate and most shrewd in military 
affairs. For example, he did not assume a pompous 
or boastful attitude toward Perseus, nor had he been 
careless or incautious in his conduct of the war 
against him. 


Zonaras 9, 24. 


triumphal festival itself. He was not only good at 
generalship, but he scorned money. Of this the 
following is a proof. Though he had at that time 
entered upon the consulship for a second term and 
had gained possession of untold spoils, he continued 
to live in such great poverty that when he died the 
dowry was with difficulty paid back to his wife. 

Of the captives Bithys was returned to his father 
without ransom, but Perseus with his children and 
attendants was settled in Alba. There he held out 
as long as he still hoped to recover his kingdom, 


353 
VOL. Π. AA 


68 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


e gf / 
“Ort οἱ ἱΡόδιοι φρόνημα πολὺ πρότερον σχόντες 
« \ > \ / / \ > / 
ὡς καὶ αὐτοὶ τόν τε Φίλιππον καὶ τὸν ᾿Αντίοχον 
n € / / 
νενικηκότες τῶν τε Ρωμαίων κρείττους ὄντες, és 
τοσοῦτον δέους ἀφίκοντο ὥστε καὶ πρεσβευτὴν 
\ \ 5 7] Ν n / / 
πρὸς τὸν ᾿Αντίοχον τὸν τῆς Συρίας βασιλέα 
/ 
σταλέντα Ἰ]οπίλιον᾿ μεταπέμψασθαι, καὶ παρ- 
ὄντος αὐτοῦ καταψηφίσασθαι πάντων τῶν 
/ val «ς 
τἀναντία τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις φρονησάντων, τούς τε 
συλληφθέντας αὐτῶν ἐπὶ τιμωρίαν πέμψαι.--- 
U® 14 (. 382). Cf. Suid. 5.υ. φρόνημα. 
¢/ ¢ > \ ΄ \ > \ 
Ore of αὐτοὶ πρεσβευσώμενοι πρὸς αὐτοὺς 
7 Ὁ \ 50. 1 / »O\ v. 9 
πολλάκις, ὥς που Kal ἐδέοντό τινος, οὐδὲν ET 
> al / e 2 \ , > ᾽ 
αὐτοῖς προσέφερον ὧνπερ" καὶ πρότερον, ἀλλ 
ὅσα ἐς τὸ παραιτήσασθαι μὴ μνησικακεῖν σφισιν 
/ e / a 
αὐτοὺς χρήσιμα ἐξ ὧν ὑπούργησάν ποτε αὐτοῖς 
al 20/7 / Μ Ν / / 
λαβεῖν ἐδύναντο, μόνα ἔλεγον, Kal THY γε πρόσ- 
Zonaras 9, 24. 
> / € Ἂ ὃ ἃ \ e / 
ἀπέγνω, ἑαυτὸν διεχειρίσατο. καὶ ὁ Φίλιππος 
ὁ υἱὸς αὐτοῦ 4m τε θυγάτηρ αὐτοῦ οὐκ εἰς μακρὰν 
ἀπέθανον" “μόνος δ᾽ ὁ νεώτατος τοῖς τῶν ᾿Αλβανῶν 
ἄρχουσιν ὑπογραμματεύων ἐπί τινα χρόνον διήρ- 
κεσεν. οὕτως ὁ Περσεὺς ὁ δι᾽ εἴκοσι βασιλέων 
αὐχῶν γεγονέναι, καὶ πολὺν μὲν τὸν Φίλιππον, 
πλείω δὲ θρυλλῶν τὸν ᾿Αλέξανδρον, καὶ τὴν 
βασιλείαν ἀΡΑΧΗδε καὶ αἰχμάλωτος γέγονε καὶ 
ἐν τοῖς ἐπινικίοις ἐπόμπευσε, δεσμὰ μετὰ τοῦ 
/ 
διαδήματος περικείμενος. 
Oi δέ γε ἱΡόδιοι, μετὰ φρονήματος πρῴην τοῖς 
“Ῥωμαίοις προσφερόμενοι, τότε μὴ μνησικακεῖν 


354 1 ποπίλιον Reim., πόπλιον Mss. 7 ὧνπερ Bk., ὥσπερ Mss. 


BOOK XX 


The Rhodians, who formerly had possessed a great 
deal of self-esteem, thinking that they, too, were 
the conquerors of Philip and Antiochus and were 
superior to the Romans, became so alarmed that 
they sent for Popilius, who had been despatched 
as an ambassador to Antiochus, king of Syria, and 
in his presence to condemn all those who had been 
opposed to the Roman policy and to send such of 
them as were apprehended to punishment. 

This same people, though they had frequently sent 
envoys to the Romans, as often as they wanted 
anything, now ceased to bring to their attention any 
of their former claims, but mentioned only the cases 
they could cite of services once rendered them 
which might be useful in diverting their ill-will. 

Zonaras 9, 24. 

but when he despaired of this, he made away with 
himself. His son Philip and his daughter also died 
a little later; only the youngest son survived for a 
time and served as under-secretary to the magis- 
trates of Alba. Thus Perseus, who boasted of tracing 
his descent through twenty kings and often had on 
his lips the name of Philip and still oftener that of 
Alexander, lost his kingdom, became a captive, and 
marched in the triumphal procession wearing chains 
as well as his diadem. 


The Rhodians, who in their earlier dealings with 
the Romans had shown a haughty spirit, now begged 


390 


Aas 


09 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


a n \ 
pnow τῆς συμμαχίας τῆς πρὸς αὐτοὺς μὴ προσ- 
δεχόμενοι πρόσθεν, ἵνα ὡς καὶ μετατάξασθαί 
ποτε ἀπ᾽ αὐτῶν ἐκ τοῦ μηδεμίαν ἔνορκον ἀνάγκην 
φιλίας ἔχειν δυνάμενοι φοβεροί τε αὐτοῖς ὦσι 

\ \ n ἊΝ / / , 
καὶ πρὸς τῶν ἀεὶ πολεμούντων σφίσιν ἐπιθερα- 

7 ῇ \ / / >? / 
πεύωνται, τότε Kal πάνυ προσθέσθαι ἐσπούδαζον, 

/ X\ fa) ¢ / A [4 4 
τήν Te Tapa TOV Ῥωμαίων εὔνοιαν ἅμα BeBatov- 

\ \ > £ \ \ aA BA 

μενοι Kal τιμὴν ἐκ τούτου Kal Tapa τῶν ἄλλων 
θηρώμενοι.---- 15 (p. 382). 

1) e Il / ey," 4 i \ Ῥ , ᾿Ξ 

τι 0 ἸἹΙρουσίας αὐτὸς ἔς τεὶ τὴν Ῥώμην Kai ἐς 

τὸ βουλευτήριον ἐσελθὼν τόν τε οὐδὸν αὐτοῦ 
κατεφίλησε καὶ τοὺς βουλευτὰς θεοὺς ἐπωνόμασε 

\ / > e \ > / “ 
καὶ προσεκύνησεν. ἐξ οὗπερ καὶ ἠλεήθη ὅτι 


5 \ “ 
μάλιστα, καίτοι καὶ τῷ ᾿Αττάλῳ παρὰ τὴν τῶν 


Zonaras 9," 24. 
> a 5.7, Ν 4 , > lal 
αὐτοῖς ἠξίουν, καὶ σύμμαχοι πρόσθεν αὐτῶν 
καλεῖσθαι μὴ προσδεχόμενοι, τότε καὶ πάνυ 
τούτου τυχεῖν ἐσπούδαζον: καὶ ἔτυχον τῆς 
σπουδῆς, GAN’ ὀψέ. καὶ τοῖς Κρησὶν ὠργίζοντο 
μὲν οἱ Ρωμαῖοι, ἱκετείαις δὲ πολλαῖς χρησαμένοις 
na / 
ἀφῆκάν ποτε τὴν ὀργήν. καὶ ὁ Προυσίας δὲ 
\ ς > / ς \ > « “Ὁ > \ / 
καὶ ὁ Εὐμενής, ὁ μὲν δι’ ἑαυτοῦ εἰς τὴν πόλιν 
ἐλθὼν καὶ εἰς τὸ βουλευτήριον εἰσελθὼν καὶ 
\ ? \ / a! ΄ \ 
Tov οὐδὸν φιλήσας καὶ προσκυνήσας τοὺς Bov- 
\ / \ ’ > \ \ > 
λευτὰς ἠλεήθη τε καὶ ἠθῴωτο, Kvpevns δὲ δὲ 
1 ἔς τε Bk., τε és Mss. 


356 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧ 


They were especially anxious at this time to secure 
the title of Roman allies, which formerly they had re- 
fused to accept; for they had wished to inspire the 
Romans with fear through the fact that they were 
not bound to friendship by any oath and hence were 
free to transfer their allegiance at any time, and 
furthermore they had wished to be courted by such 
states as from time to time might be engaged in war 
with Rome. But now they were endeavouring to 
strengthen the good-will of the Romans, while at 
the same time seeking the honour that was sure to 
be accorded them in consequence by others. 

Prusias himself came to Rome, and entering the 
senate-house, kissed the threshold ; and he termed 
the senators gods, and did them obeisance. Thus 
he readily obtained mercy, though he had fought 
against Attalus contrary to the Romans’ advice. It 


Zonaras 9, 24. 


the latter not to bear ill-will toward them; and whereas 
they had previously refused to be called their allies, 
they were now especially anxious to secure this 
privilege. They obtained the object of their striving, 
but only after long delay. The Romans harboured 
resentment against the Cretans, too, but in response 
to frequent entreaties on the part of this nation they 
eventually relaxed their anger. Their behaviour was 
similar in the case of Prusias and Eumenes. The 
former came personally to the city, and entering the 
senate-house, kissed the threshold and did obeisance 
to the senators, whereupon he obtained mercy and par- 


357 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


¢ / / / + A ὦ 

Ρωμαίων γνώμην πολεμήσας. ἐλέγετο yap καὶ 
οἴκοι τοὺς πρέσβεις αὐτῶν, ὁσάκις ἀφίκοιντό 
τινες, προσκυνεῖν, ἀπελεύθερόν τε ἑαυτὸν τοῦ 


δήμου ἐπεκάλει, καὶ πιλίον πολλάκις ἐπετίθετο. 
—U* 16 (p. 383). 


Zonaras 9, 24-25. 
᾿Αττάλου Tod ἀδελφοῦ TO μή TL μνησικακεῖν αὐτῷ 
εἴληφε. 

Τότε δὲ καὶ τὰ τῆς Καππαδοκίας οὕτω διῳκήθη. 
᾿Αριαράθης ὁ ταύτης κρατῶν παῖδα γνήσιον ἔσχεν 
᾿Αριαράθην. πρὶν δ᾽ ἐσχηκέναι αὐτόν, ἐπεὶ πολὺν 
χρόνον ἡ γυνὴ αὐτοῦ οὐκ ἐκύισκε, παῖδα προσ- 
εποιήσατο ᾿Οροφέρνην καλέσασα. γεννηθέντος δ᾽ 
ἔπειτα τοῦ γνησίου φωραθεὶς ἐκεῖνος, ἐξηλάθη. 
ὃς μετὰ τὸν ᾿Αριαράθου θάνατον τῷ ἀδελφῷ 
δῆθεν ἐπανέστη. καὶ συνεμάχουν ᾿Αριαράθῃ μὲν 
Εὐμενής, ᾿Οροφέρνῃ δὲ Δημήτριος ὁ τῶν ὕρων 
βασιλεύς. ἐλαττωθεὶς δὲ ᾿Αριαράθης πὶ τοὺς 
Ῥωμαίους κατέφυγε, καὶ κοινωνὸς τῷ Οροφέρνῃ 
τῆς βασιλείας ὑπ᾽ αὐτῶν ἀποδέδεικτο. ὅτι δὲ 
ὁ ᾿Αριαράθης τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις φίλος καὶ σύμμαχος 
προσηγόρευτο, πᾶσαν ἐκεῖνος τὴν ἀρχὴν ἐκ 
τούτου προσῳκειώσατο. καὶ ὁ "Ἄτταλος δὲ τὸν 
Εὐμενῆ θανόντα διαδεξάμενος τόν τε ᾿Οροφέρνην 
καὶ τὸν Δημήτριον παντελῶς ἐκ τῆς Καππαδοκίας 
ἀπήλασεν. 

25. ‘O δὲ τῆς Αἰγύπτου κρατῶν Πτολεμαῖος 
ἐπὶ δυσὶν υἱέσι καὶ μιᾷ ἐξέλιπε θυγατρί. ὡς δὲ 
πρὸς ἀλλήλους οἱ ἀδελφοὶ περὶ τῆς ἀρχῆς 
ἐστασίασαν, ᾿Αντίοχος ὁ τοῦ μεγάλου ᾿Αντιόχου 
358 


BOOK XX 


was said that at home, too, whenever their envoys 
came to him, he did them obeisance, calling himself 
a freedman of the people, and often he would put 
on the cap of liberty. 


Zonaras 9, 24-25. 


don; Eumenes, however, owed to his brother Attalus: 


his security against further ill-will on their part. 

At this time, too, the affairs of Cappadocia were 
settled in the following manner. The monarch of 
that country, Ariarathes, had a legitimate son 
Ariarathes. But since for a long time before she 
had this son his wife had failed to conceive, she had 
adopted a child whom she called Orophernes. When 
the true son was later born, the position of the other 
was detected and he was banished. But after the 
death of Ariarathes he headed an uprising against 
his alleged brother. Eumenes allied himself with 
Ariarathes, and Demetrius, the king of Syria, with 
Orophernes. Ariarathes, after sustaining a defeat, 
fled to the Romans and was appointed by them to 
share the kingdom with Orophernes. But the fact 
that Ariarathes had been termed a friend and ally by 
the Romans enabled him subsequently to make the 
entire domain hisown. Then Attalus, who succeeded 
Eumenes upon the death of the latter, drove both 
Orophernes and Demetrius out of Cappadocia alto- 
gether. 

25. Ptolemy, the ruler of Egypt, passed away 
leaving two sons and one daughter. When the 
brothers began to quarrel with each other about the 
sovereignty, Antiochus, the son of Antiochus the 


359 


B.c. 166 


B.C. 163 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 25, 

υἱὸς τὸν vewrtepov! ἐκπεσόντα ἐδέξατο, ἵνα 
προφάσει τοῦ αὐτῷ ἀμύνειν ἐς τὰ τῶν Αἰγυπτίων 
παρέλθοι. καὶ στρατεύσας ἐπὶ τὴν Αἴγυπτον 
τῆς τε πλείονος χώρας ἐκράτησε καὶ ἐπολιόρκει 
τὴν ᾿Αλεξάνδρειαν. καταφυγόντων δὲ τῶν ἄλλων 
πρὸς τοὺς Ῥωμαίους, πεμφθεὶς πρὸς τὸν ᾿Αντίοχον 
ὁ Ἰ]οπίλιος 5. ἀποσ έσθαι αὐτὸν τῆς Αἰγύπτου 
ἐκέλευσεν: οἱ γὰρ ἀδελφοὶ συνέντες τὴν τοῦ 
᾿Αντιόχου διάνοιαν κατηλλάγησαν. ὡς δ᾽ ἐκεῖνος 
ὑπερέθετο τὴν ἀπόκρισιν, κύκλον ῥάβδῳ πέριξ 
αὐτοῦ περιέγραψε, κἀνταῦθα αὐτὸν ἑστηκότα 
ἀπήτησε βουλεύσασθαί τε καὶ “ἀποκρίνασθαι. 
ἐντεῦθεν δείσας ὁ ᾿Αντίοχος τὴν πολιορκίαν 
κατέλυσεν. ἀπαλλαγέντες Ὦ τοῦ ἔξωθεν φόβου 
οἱ ἸΙ]τολεμαῖοι (οὕτω γὰρ ἐκαλοῦντο ἀμφότεροι) 
αὖθις ἐστασίασαν. εἶτα, συνηλλάγησαν αὖθις 
ὑπὸ τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἐφ᾽ ᾧ τὸν μὲν πρεσβύτερον 
τὴν Αἴγυπτον καὶ τὴν Κύπρον, τὰ δὲ περὶ τὴν 
Κυρήνην ἔχειν τὸν ἕτερον' καὶ ταῦτα γὰρ τότε 
τῶν Αἰγυπτίων ἣν. ἀγανακτῶν δ᾽ ὁ νεώτερος 
διὰ τὴν ἐλάττωσιν ἐς τὴν “Ῥώμην ἀφίκετο" καὶ 
εὕρατο παρ᾽ αὐτῶν καὶ τὴν Κύπρον. ὁ δὲ πρεσβύ- 
τερος συμβάσεις ἔθετο αὖθις πρὸς τὸν νεώτερον, 
πόλεις τέ τινας ἀντὶ τῆς Κύπρου δοὺς καὶ χρή- 
ματα καὶ σῖτον ταξάμενος συντελεῖν. 

Τοῦ δ᾽ ᾿Αντιόχου τελευτῶντος μετὰ τοῦτο καὶ 
παιδὶ ὁμωνύμῳ. τὴν βασιλείαν καταλιπόντος, 
ταύτην τε αὐτῷ ἐβεβαίωσαν καὶ τρεῖς ἄνδρας 
ἐπιτρόπους δῆθεν, μικρὸς γὰρ ἣν, ἔπεμψαν. οἱ 
παρὰ τὰς συνθήκας εὑρόντες ἐλέφαντας καὶ 

1 


νεώτερον Bs., νεώτατον Mss. 
360 2 Ποπίλιος Wolf, πόπλιος (πούπλιος A) Mss. 


BOOK XX 


Zonaras 9, 25. 


Great, sheltered the younger, who had been driven 
out, in order that under the pretext of defending him 
he might get his hands on Egyptian affairs. In a cam- 
paign directed against Egypt he conquered the greater 
part of the country and spent some time in besieging 
Alexandria. When the rest sought refuge with the 
Romans, Popilius was sent to Antiochus and bade him 
keep his hands off Egypt; for the brothers, compre- 
hending the designs of Antiochus, had become 
reconciled. When the latter was for putting off his 
reply, Popilius drew a circle about him with his staff 
and demanded that he deliberate and answer standing 
where he was. Antiochus then in fear raised the 
siege. The Ptolemies (this was the ‘name of both 
princes) on being relieved of their dread of danger 
from outside, quarrelled again. Then they were 
reconciled once more by the Romans, on the condition 
that the elder should have Egypt and Cyprus, and 
the other the country about Cyrene, which also 
belonged to Egypt at that time. But the younger 
brother, angry at receiving the inferior portion, came 
to Rome, where he secured from the people a grant 
of Cyprus in addition. Then his brother once more 
effected an arrangement with him by giving him 
some cities in exchange for Cyprus and agreeing to 
make fixed payments of money and grain. 

Antiochus subsequently died, leaving the kingdom 
to a child of the same name, ahem the Romans con- 
firmed in possession of it and to whom they sent 
three men ostensibly to act as his guardians, as he 
was very young. ‘The commissioners, on finding 
elephants and triremes contrary to the compact, 


261 


B.C. 168 


B.C. 162 


B.C. 164 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 25. 

τριήρεις, τούς τε ἐλέφαντας σφαγῆναι πάντας 
ἐκέλευσαν καὶ τἄλλα πρὸς τὸ τῇ Ῥώμῃ συμφέρον 
διῴκουν. δι’ ἅπερ Λυσίας ὁ τοῦ βασιλέως τὴν 
κηδεμονίαν ἐγκεχειρισμένος παρώξυνε τὸ πλῆθος 
ἐκβαλεῖν τοὺς Ρωμαίους, τὸν δὲ Γάιον τὸν 
Ὀκτάβιον καὶ ἀποκτεῖναι. καὶ τούτων γενομένων 
«ς Ν / | \ > \ «ς / > / 

ὁ μὲν πρέσβεις εὐθὺς εἰς τὴν Ῥώμην ἀπέστειλεν 
ὑπὲρ τῶν πεπραγμένων ἀπολογούμενος, Δημήτριος 
δὲ ὁ Σελεύκου υἱὸς τοῦ παιδὸς ᾿Αντιόχου ὁμηρεύων 
ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ κατὰ τὸν τοῦ πατρὸς θάνατον 
καὶ ὑπὸ ᾿Αντιόχου τοῦ θείου τῆς βασιλείας 
ἐστερημένος, ὡς τὸν τοῦ ᾿Αντιόχου θάνατον ἔγνω, 
ἤτει μὲν τὴν πατρῴαν ἀρχήν, οἱ δὲ οὔτε ταύτην 
αὐτῷ συνέπραξαν οὔτ᾽ ἀπᾶραι τῆς “Ρώμης 
ἐπέτρεψαν. καὶ ὃς καὶ δυσχεραίνων ὅμως ἡσύχα- 
ζεν. ἐπεὶ δὲ τὰ κατὰ τὸν Λυσίαν ἐγένετο, οὐκέτ᾽ 
ἐμέλλησεν, GAN ἀπέδρα: καὶ ἐκ Λυκίας τῇ 
γερουσίᾳ ἐπέστειλε μὴ ἐπὶ τὸν ἀνεψιὸν τὸν 
᾿Αντίοχον,, arr ἐπὶ τὸν Λυσίαν τὴν ὁρμὴν 
ἔχειν, ὥστε τῷ ᾿᾽᾿Οκταβίῳ τιμωρήσειν. ἐς Τρίπολιν 
δὲ τῆς Συρίας ἐπειχθεὶς καὶ ταύτην προσαγαγό- 
μενος, ὡς ὑπὸ τῶν Ρωμαίων ἐπὶ τὴν βασιλείαν 
σταλείς (τὴν γὰρ ἀπόδρασιν αὐτοῦ οὐδεὶς ἐνενόει), 
καὶ ᾿Απαμείας κρατήσας δύναμίν τε συναγαγὼν 
ἐπὶ τὴν ᾿Αντιόχειαν ἤλασε, καὶ τό τε παιδίον 
καὶ τὸν Λυσίαν φιλικῶς ἀπαντήσαντας αὐτῷ 
(δεδιότες γὰρ τοὺς Ῥωμαίους οὐκ ἀντῆραν) 
διέφθειρε, καὶ τὴν βασιλείαν ἀνεκομίσατο, κἀν 


1 There follow in the Mss. the words οὕτω γὰρ οἱ πάλαι 


τοὺς ἐξαδέλφους ἐκάλουν, a manifest gloss in explanation of 
ἀνεψιόν. 


362 


BOOK XX 


Zonaras 9, 25. 


ordered the elephants all to be slain and adminis- 
tered everything else in the interest of Rome. 
Therefore Lysias, who had been entrusted with the 
guardianship of the king, incited the populace to 
expel the Romans and also to kill Gaius Octavius. 
When these plans had been carried out, Lysias 
straightway despatched envoys to Rome to offer a 
defence for what had been done. Now Demetrius, 
the son of Seleucus, and grandson of Antiochus, who 
was staying in Rome as a hostage at the time of his 
father’s death and had been deprived of the kingdom 
by his uncle Antiochus, had asked for the domain of 
his father when he learned of the death of Antiochus, 
but the Romans would neither help him to get it 
nor permit him to depart from Rome; and he, in 
spite of his dissatisfaction, had remained quiet. But 
when this affair of Lysias occurred, he no longer 
delayed, but escaped by flight and sent a message 
to the senate from Lycia stating that it was not his 
cousin Antiochus, but Lysias that he was attacking, 
with the purpose of avenging Octavius. And hastening 
to Tripolis in Syria, he won over the town, represent- 
ing that he had been sent out by the Romans to 
take charge of the kingdom; for no one had any 
idea of his flight. Then after conquering Apamea 
and gathering a body of troops he marched on 
Antioch ; and when the boy and Lysias offered no 
opposition through fear of the Romans, but came to 
meet him as friends, he put them to death and 
recovered the kingdom. He then forwarded to 


363 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 25. 
τῇ Ῥώμῃ στέφανον καὶ τοὺς τοῦ ᾿Οκταβίου 
αὐθέντας ἀπέστειλεν. οἱ δὲ χαλεπαίνοντες αὐτῷ 
οὐδέτερον ἐδέξαντο. 

Μετὰ ταῦτα δ᾽ ἐπὶ Δαλμάτας οἱ Ρωμαῖοι 
ἐστράτευσαν. τὸ δ᾽ ἔθνος τοῦτο ἔστι μὲν ᾿Ιλλυ- 
pilav τῶν παρὰ τὸν ᾿Ιόνιον κόλπον, ὧν τινας 
Ταυλαντίους ὠνόμαξον ᾿Ἥ Βλληνες, ἔχονται δὲ τοῦ 
Δυρραχίου ἐν μέρει. αἴτιον δὲ τοῦ πολέμου ὅτι 
τινὰς τῶν προσχώρων αὐτοῖς ἐν φιλίᾳ τοῖς Ῥω- 
μαίοις ὄντας ἠδίκουν, συμπρεσβευσαμένοις τε ὑπὲρ 
αὐτῶν τοῖς “Ῥωμαίοις οὐδὲν μέτριον ἀπεκρίναντο, 
ἀλλὰ καὶ τοὺς τῶν ἄλλων πρέσβεις συλλαβόντες 
ἀπέκτειναν. τούτους ὁ Σκιπίων ὁ ὁ Νασικᾶς ὑπέ- 
τάξεν, ἐπ᾽ αὐτοὺς στρατεύσας" τάς τε γὰρ πόλεις 
αὐτῶν εἷλε καὶ τοὺς αἰχμαλώτους ἐπίπρασκε. καὶ 
ἄλλα δὲ κατ᾽ ἐκείνους συνέβη τοὺς χρόνους, οὐ 
μνήμης μέντοι οὐδ᾽ ἱστορίας ἐπάξια. 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧ 


Zonaras 9, 25. 


Rome a crown and the assassins of Octavius; but 
the citizens were angry with him and would accept 
neither. 

Later the Romans made a campaign against the 
Dalmatians. This race is a branch of the Illyrians 
who dwell along the Ionian Gulf, some of whom the 
Greeks used to call Taulantii, and part of whom are 
close to Dyrrachium. The cause of the war was 
that they had been abusing some of their neighbours 
who enjoyed the friendship of the Romans, and when 
the Romans joined an embassy in their behalf, the 
Dalmatians returned no respectful answer, and even 
arrested and killed the envoys of the other nations. 
Scipio Nasica made a campaign against this race and 
brought them to submission; for he captured their 
towns and proceeded to sell the captives. Other 
events, too, took place in those days, yet not of a 
kind to deserve mention or record. 


365 


BiG. 196 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK ΧΧΙ 


Zonaras 9, 26. 

26. ᾿Εντεῦθεν αὖθις ὁ πρὸς τοὺς Kapyndovious 
τὸ τρίτον ἀνερριπίζετο πόλεμος. οἱ μὲν γὰρ 
οὐκ ἔφερον ἐλαττούμενοι, ἀλλὰ καὶ συμμαχικὰ 
καὶ ναυτικὸν ἐπὶ τῇ τοῦ Νομαδικοῦ πολέμου 
παρασκευῇ παρὰ τὰς συνθήκας ἡτοίμαζον: οἱ 
δὲ Ῥωμαῖοι ὡς τὰ ἄλλα κατὰ γνώμην ἔθεντο, 
οὐχ ἡσύχασαν, ἀλλὰ πέμψαντες τὸν Σκιπίωνα 
τὸν Νασικᾶν ταῦτά τε αὐτοῖς ἐνεκάλουν καὶ 
τὴν παρασκευὴν διαλῦσαι ἐκέλευον. καὶ ἐπεὶ 
τὸν Μασινίσσαν ἡἠτιῶντο ἐκεῖνοι καὶ διὰ τὸν 
πρὸς ἐκεῖνον πόλεμον ἀπειρήκασι ποιῆσαι τὸ 
κελευόμενον, σύμβασίν τινα πρὸς τὸν Μασινίσσαν 
αὐτοῖς ἔπραξαν καί τινος αὐτοῖς ἀποστῆναι 
χώρας αὐτὸν ἔπεισαν. ὡς δ᾽ οὐδὲν μᾶλλον εἰσή- 
κουον, μικρὸν ἐπισχόντες Ῥωμαῖοι, ἐ ἐπεὶ τάχιστα 
νικηθέντας σφᾶς μεγάλῃ μάχῃ πρὸς τοῦ Μασι- 
νίσσου ἐπύθοντο, εὐθὺς αὐτοῖς τὸν πόλεμον 
ἐψηφίσαντο. ὃ μαθόντες οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι, οὐκ 
εὖ ὑπὸ τῆς συμφορᾶς ἔχοντες, κατέδεισαν, καὶ 
πρέσβεις ἐς τὴν Ῥώμην διὰ συμμαχίαν ἐστάλ.- 
κασι (καὶ ἄλλοι γὰρ τῶν προσχώρων αὐτοῖς. 
ἐπετίθεντο), καὶ ἐς πᾶν τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις ὑπείξειν 
ἐπλάττοντο. μὴ γὰρ ταῖς σπονδαῖς ἐμμένειν 
μέλλοντες, ῥᾷον ἅπαντα ἐπηγγέλλοντο. 


366 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK ΧΧΙ 


ἡ Zonaras 9, 26. 


26. Thereupon the strife with Carthage was again 
fanned into flame for the third time. For the Car- 
thaginians could not endure being in an inferior 
position, and contrary to the treaty were gathering 
allies and getting their fleet ready in preparation 
for the war with the Numidians. And the Romans, 
having settled other questions to their satisfaction, 
did not remain at rest, but sending out Scipio Nasica, 
they reproached their rivals with this breach of faith 
and ordered them to disband their armament. When 
the Carthaginians put the blame upon Masinissa and 
because of the war with him declined to obey the 
order, the Romans arranged terms for them with 
Masinissa and prevailed upon him to retire from 
certain territory in their favour. But since they 
showed themselves no more tractable than before, 
the Romans waited a short time, and then as soon as 
they learned that the Carthaginians had been worsted 
in a great battle by Masinissa, they promptly declared 
war upon them. The Carthaginians, who were dis- 
tressed over their defeat, became frightened on 
learning this, and since other neighbouring tribes 
were also beginning to attack them, they sent envoys 
to Rome to secure an alliance. They feigned a readi- 
ness to yield to the Romans on all points; for since 
they did not intend to abide by their agreements, they 
were all the more ready to promise anything. 


367 


Bo, 1568 


BC) a2 


B.c. 150 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 26. 

Τῆς δὲ “γερουσίας βουλὴν περὶ τούτου συναγα- 
γούσης, ὁ μὲν Σκιπίων ὁ Νασικᾶς δέξασθαι 
τὴν τῶν Καρχηδονίων πρεσβείαν καὶ σπονδὰς 
αὐτοῖς ποιήσασθαι συνεβούλευεν, ὁ δὲ Κάτων 
ὁ Μάρκος μήτε σπείσασθαι τούτοις δεῖν εἶπε 
μήτε λῦσαι τοῦ πολέμου τὸ ψήφισμα. οἱ δέ 
γε βουλευταὶ τήν τε τῶν πρέσβεων ἱκετείαν 
ἐδέξαντο καὶ σπονδὰς αὐτοῖς ὑπέσχοντο παρα- 
σχεῖν καὶ ἐπὶ τούτοις ὁμήρους ἤτησαν. οὺς 
Λούκιος Μάρκιος καὶ Μάρκος Μανίλιος, εἰς τὴν 
Σικελίαν ἐλθόντες, ἐκεῖσε πεμφθέντας ἔλαβον. 
καὶ τοὺς μὲν εἰς τὴν Ρώμην ἔπεμψαν, αὐτοὶ 
δὲ σπουδῇ τὴν ᾿Αφρικὴν κατειλήφασι. καὶ 
στρατοπεδευσάμενοι τὰ τέλη τῶν Καρχηδονίων 
ἐκεῖ μετεπέμψαντο" καὶ ὡς ἀφίκοντο, οὐ πάντα 
ἅμα σφίσιν ὅσα ἤτουν ἐξέφηναν, δείσαντες μὴ 
ταῦτα προμαθόντες ἀκεραίοις τοῖς πράγμασι 
σφῶν καταστῶσιν εἰς πόλεμον. καὶ τὸ μὲν 
πρῶτον σῖτον ἤτησαν καὶ ἔλαβον, εἶτα τὰς 
τριήρεις καὶ ἐπὶ ταύταις τὰ μηχανήματα, εἶτα 
τὰ ὅπλα προσήτησαν. λαβόντες οὖν πάντα 
(οἱ γὰρ Καρχηδόνιοι πολλὴν ἑτέραν παρασκευὴν 
κεκρυμμένην εἶχον), τέλος ἐκέλευον αὐτοὺς κατα- 
σκάψαι μὲν τὴν πόλιν αὐτῶν, ἑτέραν δ᾽ ἐν 
μεσογείῳ οἰκοδομῆσαι ἀτείχιστον, ὀγδοήκοντα 
σταδίους τῆς θαλάσσης διέχουσαν. πρὸς τοῦτο 
δ᾽ οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι ἐς δάκρυα κατηνέχθησαν καὶ 
ὡς ἑαλωκότες ἀνωλοφύροντο καὶ ἐδέοντο τῶν 
ὑπάτων μὴ καταναγκάσαι σφᾶς γενέσθαι τῆς 
πατρίδος αὐτόχειρας. ὡς δ᾽ οὐδὲν ἤνυον, ἀλλ᾽ 
ἢ πρᾶξαι τὸ προσταττόμενον ἐκελεύοντο ἢ ἀναρ- 
368 


. BOOK XXI 


Zonaras 9, 26. 

When the senate called a meeting to consider the 5,0. 149 
matter, Scipio Nasica advised receiving the Cartha- 
ginian embassy and making a truce with them, but 
Marcus Cato declared that no truce ought to be 
made nor the declaration of war rescinded. Never- 
theless, the senators listened to the entreaties of 
the envoys, promised to grant them a truce, and de- . 
manded hostages for the fulfilment of the conditions. 
These hostages were sent to Sicily, and Lucius 
Marcius and Marcus Manilius went there, took 
charge of them, and sent them on to Rome, while 
they themselves made haste to reach Africa. After 
encamping they summoned the magistrates of 
Carthage to appear before them. Now upon the 
arrival of these officials they did not unmask all their 
demands at once, fearing that if the Carthaginians 
learned them in season they would enter upon war 
-with their resources undiminished. 80 at first they 
demanded and received grain, next the triremes, and 
after that the engines; and then they required the 
arms besides. After receiving all these things—for 
the Carthaginians had a great deal of other equipment 
hidden away—they at length ordered them to raze 
their city and to build in its place an unwalled town 
inland, eighty stades! distant from the sea. At that 
the Carthaginians gave way to tears, bewailed their 
fate, as if already conquered, and begged the consuls 
not to compel them to become the assassins of their 
country. They soon found that they could accomplish 
nothing and had to face the repeated command either 

1 About nine miles. 369 

VOL. 11. BB 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY - 
Zonaras 9, 26 


pirat τὸν πόλεμον, συχνοὶ μὲν αὐτοῦ παρὰ 
τοῖς “Ῥωμαίοις ὡς ἤδη κεκρατηκόσι κατέμειναν, 
οἱ δὲ λοιποὶ arava ὡρήσαντες τῶν τε σφετέρων 
ἀρχόντων ἐνίους ἀπέκτειναν, ὅτι μὴ κατ᾽ ἀρχὰς 
τὸν πόλεμον εἵλοντο, καὶ τοὺς ἐντὸς τοῦ τείχους 
εὑ εθέντας Ῥωμαίους διέφθειραν, καὶ πρὸς τὸν 
πόλεμον ὥρμησαν. διὸ τούς τε δούλους ἅ ἅπαντας 
ἠλευθέρωσαν καὶ τοὺς φυγάδας κατήγαγον, καὶ 
τὸν ᾿Ασδρούβαν στρατηγὸν αὖθις εἵλοντο, καὶ 
ὅπλα καὶ μηχανὰς τριήρεις τε ἡτοιμάσαντο. 
ὡς γὰρ τοῦ πολέμου ἐπικειμένου, καὶ περὶ 
ἀνδραποδισμοῦ κινδυνεύοντες, δι᾿ ἐλαχίστου πάνθ᾽ 
ὅσων ἔχρῃξον κατεσκεύαζον. ἐφείδοντο γὰρ 
οὐδενός, ἀλλὰ καὶ τοὺς ἀνδριάντας πρὸς τὴν 
χρείαν τοῦ χαλκοῦ συνεχώνευσαν καὶ ἐς τὰς 
σχοίνους τῶν γυναικῶν ταῖς κόμαις ἐχρήσαντο. 
οἱ δ᾽ ὕπατοι τὸ μὲν πρῶτον αὐτοὺς ὡς ἀόπλους 
ταχέως αἱρήσειν ἐλπίσαντες μόνας ἡτοιμάσαντο 
κλίμακας, ὡς δι’ αὐτῶν εὐθὺς τοῦ τείχους ἐπιβη- 
σόμενοι, ἔπειτα προσβαλόντες καὶ ὡπλισμένους 


Planudean Excerpt. 


"Ort Καρχηδόνιοι “πολεμούμενοι παρὰ Ῥω- 
μαίων ὅπλα τε καὶ τριήρεις δι’ ἐλαχίστου 
ἐποιήσαντο, τοὺς μὲν ἀνδριάντας πρὸς τὴν τοῦ 
χαλκοῦ χρῆσιν συγχωνεύσαντες, καὶ τὴν ξύλωσιν 
τῶν τε ἰδίων. καὶ δημοσίων ἔργων πρὸς τὰς 
τριήρεις καὶ τὰς μηχανὰς μετενεγκάμενοι, ἔς τε 
τὰ σχοινία ταῖς τῶν γυναικῶν κόμαις ἀποκε- 
καρμέναις } χρησάμενοι. 


370 


ST. MICHAEL'S 
COLLEGE 


J IRB ARN 


a μα 


BOOK ΧΧΙ 


Zonaras 9, 26. 


to carry out the order or to accept the hazard of war. 
Many of them then remained there on the Roman 
side, recognizing them as already the victors; the 
remainder withdrew, and after killing some of their 
rulers for not having chosen war in the first place 
and after murdering such Romans as were discovered 
within the walls, they addressed themselves to the 
war. Under these circumstances they liberated all 
the slaves, restored the exiles, chose Hasdrubal once 
more as leader, and made ready arms, engines, and 
triremes. With war at their doors and the danger of 
slavery confronting them, they prepared in the 
briefest possible time everything that they needed. 
They spared nothing, but even melted down the 
statues for the sake of the bronze in them and used 
the hair of the women for ropes. The consuls at first, 
thinking them unarmed, hoped to overcome them 
speedily and merely prepared ladders, with which 
they expected to scale the wall at once; but when, 
upon making an assault, they saw that their enemies 


8 Planudean Excerpt.? 


The Carthaginians, when war was made upon them 
by the Romans, constructed weapons and triremes in 
the briefest possible time. They melted down the 
statues for the sake of the bronze in them, and took 
the woodwork of buildings, private and public alike, 
for the triremes and the engines, while for ropes they 
used the hair of the women, which had been shorn 
off. | 


1 See Introduction to vol. i, p. xx, note. 


371 


BB 2 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 26-27. 

σφᾶς καὶ τὰ πρὸς πολιορκίαν ἔχοντας ἰδόντες πρὸς 
μηχανῶν ἐργασίαν ἐτράποντο, καὶ αὐτὰς ἐπικινδύ- 
vos κατασκευάσαντες (ὁ yap ᾿Ασδρούβας trayo- 
γοῦντας ἐνεδρεύων ἐλύπει), προσέμισγον τῇ πόλει. 
καὶ Μανίλιος μὲν ἐκ τῆς ἠπείρου αὐτῇ προσβαλὼν 
οὐδὲν αὐτοὺς ἔβλαψε, Μάρκιος δ᾽ ἐκ θαλάσσης 
κατὰ τὸ λιμνῶδες προσπεσὼν κατέσεισε μέν 
τι τοῦ τείχους, οὐ μέντοι καὶ εἰσῆλθεν. οἱ γὰρ 
Καρχηδόνιοι τούς τε βιαζομένους εἰσελθεῖν ἐξε- 
κρούσαντο καὶ νύκτωρ διὰ τῶν ἐρειπίων ἐπ- 
εξελθόντες ἀνθρώπους τε συχνοὺς ἔκτειναν καὶ 
μηχανήματα πλεῖστα κατέπρησαν. ἀλλ᾽ οὐδὲ 
ἐπὶ πολὺ τῆς χώρας παρὰ τοῦ ᾿Ασδρούβου 
καὶ τῶν ἱππέων εἰῶντο σκεδάννυσθαι, οὔτε μὴν 
ὁ Μασινίσσας αὐτοῖς ἐπεκούρησεν. οὐ γὰρ ἐν 
ἀρχῆ τοῦ πολέμου προσεκέκλητο, καὶ πρὸς 
τὸν ᾿Ασδρούβαν τότε διαπολεμήσειν ὑποσχομένῳ 
οὐκ ἐπέτρεψαν. 

27. Οἱ δ᾽ ὕπατοι διά τε τὰ συμβάντα καὶ ὅτι 
τὸ ναυτικὸν αὐτοῖς ἐκ τῆς ἐν τῇ λίμνῃ δίατριβῆς 
ἐνόσησεν ἔλυσαν τὴν πολιορκίαν. καὶ Μάρκιος 
μὲν ἐπιχειρήσας κατὰ θάλασσάν τι πρᾶξαι ἢ τὴν 
παραλίαν κακῶσαι, ὡς οὐδὲν ἤνυεν, ἀπέπλευσεν 
οἴκαδε" καὶ ἀνθυποστρέψας Airyiwoupov ἐχειρώ- 
σατο" Μανίλεος δὲ ὥρμησε μὲν ἐς τὴν μεσόγειον, 
κακούμενος δ᾽ ὑπὸ Ἱμίλκωνος τοῦ τῶν Καρχη- 
δονίων ἱππάρχου, ὃν καὶ Φαμέαν ἐκάλουν, πρὸς 
τὴν Καρχηδόνα ἐπανελήλυθε. κἀκεῖ δὲ ἔξωθεν 

ὁ ᾿Ασδρούβας, ἔνδοθεν δ᾽ ἐπεξιόντες οἱ ἐν τῇ πόλει 


372 


BOOK ΧΧῚ 


Zonaras 9, 26-27. 


were armed and possessed the means for a siege, they 
devoted themselves to manufacturing engines. The 
construction of these was fraught with danger, since 
Hasdrubal set ambuscades for those who were 
gathering the wood and annoyed them considerably ; 
but in time they were able to assail the city. Now 
Manilius in his assault from the land side could not 
injure the Carthaginians at all, but Marcius, while 
making an attack from the side of the sea over 
marshy ground, managed to batter down a part of 
the wall, though he could not get inside. For the 
Carthaginians not only repulsed those who attempted 
to force their way in, but at night they made a 
sortie through the ruins and slew many men and 
burned up a very large number of engines. Further- 
more, Hasdrubal and the cavalry did not allow 
the Romans to scatter far over the country, and 
Masinissa lent them no aid. For he had not been 
invited at the opening of the war, and, though he 
had offered at that time to fight the war out with 
Hasdrubal, they had not permitted him to do so. 

27. The consuls, both in view of what had 
occurred and because their fleet had been damaged 
by its stay in the lake, raised the siege. Marcius en- 
deavoured to accomplish something by sea or at 
least to injure the coast region, but not meeting with 
any success, he sailed for home, then turned back 
and subdued Aegimurus ; and Manilius started for the 
interior, but upon sustaining injuries at the hands of 
Himilco, commander of the Carthaginian cavalry, 
who was also called Phameas, he returned to Car- 
thage. There, while the forces of Hasdrubal on the 
outside troubled him, the people in the city harassed 


373 


70, 4 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


“ ᾿ \ ᾽ / \ / 
Oru οὗτος ἄριστος μὲν ἦν ἐκ πλείονος τὸ δέον 
> / 7 , a A 
ἐκφροντίσαι, ἄριστος δὲ Kal ἐκ τοῦ παραχρῆμα 
τὸ κατεπεῖγον ἐρευνῆσαι, ἔν τε τῷ προσήκοντι 
A / n / 
καιρῷ ἑκατέρῳ αὐτῶν χρήσασθαι, τά τε πρακτέα 
> fal a / \ / 
ἐν τῷ θαρσοῦντι διεσκόπει, Kal THY διαχείρισιν. 
> a « \ \ > a “ a a 
αὐτῶν ws Kal δεδιὼς ἐποιεῖτο. ὅθενπερ τῇ τοῦ 
λογισμοῦ ἀδεεῖ διασκέψει πάντα ἀκριβῶς τὰ 
/ > / \ a \ a » / 
καθήκοντα ἐνενόει, Kal TH περὶ τοῦ ἀσταθμήτου 
,ὔ, ᾽ a ας ΒΡ. \ \ δι Ὁ 
φροντίδι ἀσφαλῶς αὐτὰ ἔπραττε. καὶ διὰ τοῦτ᾽, 


ν \ > > / > ¥ ” 
εἴ ποτε Kal ἐς ἀπροβουλίας ἀνάγκην, ola ἔν τε 


Zonaras 9, 27. 
\ 4 \ ig - / + pigs. > / 

καὶ νύκτωρ Kal μεθ᾽ ἡμέραν αὐτὸν ἐκάκουν. κατα- 
/ “ 
φρονήσαντες οὖν οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι καὶ μέχρι τοῦ 
στρατοπέδου αὐτῶν ἐπῆλθον, καὶ συχνοὺς ἀπο- 
FS) » \ ς , 9 > \ 
βαλόντες (ἄοπλοι yap οἱ πλείους ἦσαν) εἰς TO 

a / ς , 
τεῖχος αὖθις συνεκλείσθησαν. ὁ δὲ Μανίλιος 
τῷ ᾿Ασδρούβᾳ συμμῖξαι μάλιστα εἵλετο, καὶ εἰ 

a A -“ a , 
ἐκεῖνον νικήσει, ῥᾷον τοῖς λοιποῖς προσπολεμήσειν 

4 
ἐνόμιζε. καί ot προσέμιξε: πρὸς δέ τι φρούριον 
ἀναχωροῦντι ἐπακολουθήσας, ἔλαθεν εἴσω χώρας 
/ / \ A 
τραχείας Kal στενοπόρου γενόμενος, Kal δεινῶς 

' 

ἐκακώθη. καὶ mavovdl ἂν διεφθάρη, εἰ μὴ Σκι- 
ς nw fol a 
πίων ὁ τοῦ ᾿Αφρικανοῦ χρησιμώτατος αὐτῷ 
ἐγένετο, ἀνὴρ ἄριστος μὲν νοῆσαι καὶ προβου- 
λεῦσαι τὰ κράτιστα, ἄριστος δὲ χειρουργῆσαι: 


374 1 χρήσασθαι St., χρήσασθαι ἣν Ms. 


BOOK ΧΧΙ 


Tus man [Scipio Africanus] excelled in planning 
out at leisure the requisite course, but excelled also 
in discovering the immediate need on the spur of the 
moment, and was able to employ either method on 
the proper occasion. The duties that lay before him 
he examined boldly, but performed them as if with 
timidity. Hence, by his fearless and deliberate 
examination of matters he understood exactly the 
proper thing to do, and would accomplish it safely 
as a result of the thought he gave to the 
element of uncertainty. Accordingly, if he was: 
eyer brought face to face with some crisis that 
admitted of no deliberation, such as is wont to 


Zonaras 9, 27. 


him by sorties both night and day. In fact, the Car- 
thaginians showed their contempt by advancing as 
far as the Roman camp, but, being for the most part 
unarmed, they lost a number of men and were shut 
up in their fortifications again. Manilius was par- 
ticularly anxious to engage in combat with Has- 
drubal, thinking that if he could vanquish him he 
should find it easier to wage war upon the others. 
And, in fact, he did have an encounter with him : he 
followed Hasdrubal to a small fort whither the latter 
was retiring, and before he knew it got into a rugged 
defile and there suffered a terrible reverse. In fact, 
his entire force would have been destroyed, had he 
not found a most valuable helper in Scipio, the 
descendant of Africanus, who excelled in apprehend- 
ing and devising beforehand the most advantageous 
plans, and excelled also in executing them. For 


| ae 


for) 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


τοῖς TOU πολέμου παραλόγοις Kal ἐν ταῖς τῆς 
4 « a / " / ἡδὲ 
τύχης ῥοπαῖς συμβαίνειν εἴωθε, προήχθη, οὐδὲ 
a ς Ν Ν fal 
τότε TOV προσηκόντων ἡμάρτανεν. ὑπὸ γὰρ TOD 
" a | a s 9 \ δὲ ᾿ ἢ 
ἔθους, τοῦ τῇ τύχη" πρὸς μηδὲν ἀλογίστως 
a a 7 \ 
χρῆσθαι, οὐδὲ és τὴν ὃ τοῦ ἐξαπιναίου προσβολὴν * 
> / 3 > \ \ a > , ς Ν 
ἀἁπαράσκευος ἣν, ἀλλὰ καὶ τοῖς αἰφνιδίοις UT O 
“ / > ’ ¢ \ > a > \ 
Tov μηδέποτε ἀτρεμίξειν ὡς Kal ἐκ πολλοῦ αὐτὰ 
an 4 
TPOVEVONK@S ἐχρῆτο. TOAMNTHS TE EX τούτων ἐν 
a ᾽ Aa 
ols ἐπεπιστεύκει ὀρθῶς ἔχειν, Kal κινδυνευτὴς ἐν 


ols ἐθάρσει ἰσχυρῶς ἐγίγνετο" καὶ γὰρ τὸ σῶμα 


A cal la 2 
ἴσα τοῖς πάνυ τῶν στρατιωτῶν ἔρρωτο. καὶ διὰ 
τοῦτο, 0° καὶ τὰ μάλιστα ἄν τις αὐτοῦ θαυμά- 
σειεν, πρροεβούλευέ τε τὰ κράτιστα ὡς καὶ ἑτέροις 
> / x Ὁ ἊΨ > \ 4 A. ᾿ 56 « 7 
ἐπιτάξων, καὶ ἐν τῷ ἔργῳ αὐτὰ ὡς καὶ ὑφ᾽ ® ἑτέρων 

a Ν a 
KEKENEVT LEV EXELPOUPYEL. τῇ TE οὖν ἄλλῃ ἀρετῇ 

/ 
ἀσφαλὴς ἦν, καὶ THY πιστότητα οὐχ ὅπως πρὸς 
τοὺς πολίτας τούς τε χρωμένους οἱ, ἀλλὰ καὶ 
πρὸς τὸ ὀθνεῖον τό τε πολεμιώτατον ἀκριβῆ 
ἐκέκτητο. καὶ αὐτῷ κατὰ τοῦτο πολλοὶ μὲν 
I a x \ \ / / 
ἰδιῶται, πολλαὶ δὲ Kal πόλεις προσεχώρησαν. 
“ \ 4 \ > Ζ \ > bd Aa Xx \ 
ἅτε yap μηδὲν ἀλογίστως μηδὲ ἐξ ὀργῆς ἢ καὶ 
a > 4 a 
δέους ποιῶν ἢ Kal λέγων, ἀλλ᾽ ἐκ τοῦ βεβαίου 
a μὰ , 

TOV λογισμῶν πρὸς πάντα τὰ καίρια ἕτοιμος ὦν, 
καὶ τὰ ἀνθρώπινα ἱκανῶς ἐκλογιζόμενος, καὶ μήτε 


Zonaras 9, 27. 
καὶ yap τῷ σώματι ἔρρωτο, ἐπιεικής τε Kal μέ- 


1 τοῦ Kuiper, τοῦ τε Ms. 2 τύχῃ Bk., ψυχῇ Ms. 
3 σὴν Rk., τι Ms. 4 προσβολὴν Bk., προσκοπὴν Ms, 
® ὃ supplied by Bk. 6 ὑφ᾽ Bk., ἀφ᾽ Ms. 


376 


BOOK ΧΧΙ 


happen in the contradictions of warfare and the 
turns of fortune, not even then did he miss the 
proper course. For, thanks to his habit of never 
trusting recklessly to luck for anything, he was 
not unprepared for the assault of a sudden emer- 
gency, but through his incessant activity was able 
to meet even the unexpected as if he had long 
foreseen it. As a result he showed himself exceed- 
ingly bold in matters where he felt he was right, 
and likewise exceedingly venturesome where he felt 
bold; for in physique he was as powerful as the 
best of the soldiers. This led to one of his most 
remarkable characteristics: he would devise the 
most advantageous plans as if he were going to 
direct others, and at the time of action would execute 
them as if they had been ordered by others. Besides 
not swerving from the ordinary paths of rectitude, he 
kept faith scrupulously not only with the citizens and 
his associates, but even with foreigners and the bitter- 
est enemies; and this brought many individuals as 
well as many cities to his side. He never acted or 
even spoke without due consideration, nor through 
anger or fear, but through the certainty of his cal- 
culations was ready for all occasions; he took suffi- 
ciently into account the instability of human plans, 


Zonaras 9, 27. 


he was powerful in physique; and he was amiable 


377 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


δι 
TL ἀνέλπιστον ποιούμενος, καὶ πάντα πρὸς τὴν 
a ‘ / lal ca / 
TOV πραγμάτων φύσιν προδιασκοπῶν, ῥᾷστά τε 
\ / \ a al 
τὰ πρακτέα πρὶν καὶ δεηθῆναι αὐτῶν ἐπενόει, 
/ a a fal 
καὶ ἐς βεβαιότητα αὐτοῖς ἐχρῆτο. τουγαροῦν 
/ > θ / xX \ 4 ὃ / lal 
μόνος ἀνθρώπων ἢ Kal μάλιστα διὰ TE ταῦτα 
\ ¥ \ / / 
καὶ διὰ τὴν μετριότητα THY TE ἐπιείκειαν οὔτε 
ra \ a ¢ / wf? 6 / > / ” 
ὑπο TOV ὁμοτίμων οὔθ᾽ ὑπό τινος ἐφθονήθη. ἴσος 
μὲν γὰρ τοῖς ὑποδεεστέροις, οὐκ ἀμείνων δὲ τῶν 
e / ᾽ / \ a / > lal 3 
ὁμοίων, ἀσθενέστερος δὲ τῶν μειζόνων ἀξιῶν εἶναι, 
/ a / a 
κρείττων καὶ TOD φθόνου τοῦ μόνου τοὺς ἀρίστους 
7 
ἄνδρας λυμαινομένου ἐγένετο.----Ν. 61 (p. 618). 


Zonaras 9, 27. 
τρίος ἢν" δι’ ἃ καὶ τὸν φθόνον ἐξέφυγεν. ἴσος 
val / “ 
μὲν γὰρ τοῖς ὑποδεεστέροις, οὐκ ἀμείνων δὲ τῶν 
ὁμοτίμων (ἐχιλιάρχει γάρ), ἀσθενέστερος δὲ τῶν 
/ 5 g/ 3 € 9S / \ 3 
μειζόνων ἠξίου εἶναι. ὁ οὖν Μανίλιος καὶ εἶπε 
a / a a , 
τὰ περὶ αὐτοῦ, Kal ἐπέστειλε τοῖς ἐν TH Ῥώμῃ 
7 ᾽ / \ BY \ ~ \ 
μὴ τι ἀποκρυψάμενος, καὶ τἄλλα καὶ τὰ κατὰ 
Μασινίσσαν καὶ τὸν Φαμέαν: ἃ ἔσχον οὕτως. 
»Ὦ / “ 
Θνήσκων ὁ Μασινίσσας ἠπόρει ὅπως περὶ τῆς 
’ / / \ fal cs a 
βασιλείας διάθηται, διά τε TO TOV υἱέων πλῆθος 
καὶ τὸ διάφορον τοῦ κατὰ τὰς μητέρας γένους 
a / 
αὐτῶν. διὸ πρὸς συμβουλίαν τὸν Σκιπίωνα 
/ a ¢ 4 7 > > ς 
μετεπέμψατο' ὃν ὁ ὕπατος ἐστείλεν. ἄλλ O 
, Ὰ > - Ν a ’ » ’ 
Μασινίσσας πρὶν ἐλθεῖν τὸν Σκιπίωνα ἐκλείπων 
Ν Ν Δ lal , “ αι Te \ 
Tov μὲν δακτύλιον τῷ Μικίψᾳ TO υἱῷ ἔδωκε, TA 
δ᾽ ἄλλα πάντα τὰ τῇ ἀρχῇ προσήκοντα τῷ XKi- 


- 


, ” > , / 2 
πίων. ἄρτι ἐλθόντι παρέσχεν Kal ἐνετεΐλατο. ὁ 
378 


ee E——————— κω, (ιν 


BOOK ΧΧΙ 


and yet regarded nothing as impossible, but deliber- 
ated every matter beforehand in the light of its real 
nature. Thus he perceived very easily the right 
course to follow even before there was any necessity, 
and pursued it with firmness. Because of this, as 
well as because of his moderation and amiability, he 
alone of men, or at least more than others, escaped 
the envy of his peers, as well as of everyone else. 
For he chose to make: himself the equal of his 
inferiors, not better than his equals, and inferior to 
greater men, and so passed beyond the reach of 
jealousy, which is the one thing that injures the 
noblest men. 


Zonaras 9, 27. 


and moderate, as a result of which he escaped envy. 
For he chose to make himself the equal of his 
inferiors, not better than his equals (he was serving 
as tribune), and inferior to greater men. Manilius not 
only reported what Scipio had done but also sent a 
letter to the people of Rome concealing nothing, but 
including among other matters an account of the 
conduct of Masinissa and Phameas. This was as 
follows. 

Masinissa on his death-bed was at a loss to know 
how he should dispose of his kingdom, owing to the 
number of his sons and the variety of their family 
ties on their mothers’ side. Therefore he sent for 
Scipio to advise him, and the consul let Scipio go. 
But Masinissa died before Scipio arrived, after 
having given his ring to his son Micipsa and 
delivered and committed all the other interests per- 
taining to his kingdom to Scipio, as soon as the latter 


379 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Δίωνος ka’ βιβλίῳ “6 τε Φαμέας ἀπογνοὺς τὰ TOV 
Καρχηδονίων πράγματα.᾽---Βοκκῖκ, Anecd. p. 124, 9. 


Zonaras 9, 27. 

οὖν Σκιπίων κατανοήσας τὰς προαιρέσεις τῶν 
υἱέων αὐτοῦ, οὐδενὶ μὲν αὐτῶν μόνῳ τὴν βασιλείαν 
ἀπένειμε, τριῶν δὲ τῶν ἐλλογιμωτάτων ὄντων, 
πρεσβυτάτου μὲν Μικίψου, νεωτάτου δὲ Του- 
λούσσου, μέσου δὲ Μαστανάβου, τούτοις τὰ 
πράγματα, μεμερισμένως μέντοι, κατένειμε. τῷ 
μὲν γὰρ πρεσβυτάτῳ χρηματιστῇ τε ὄντι καὶ 
φιλοπλούτῳ τὴν διοίκησιν ἐνεχείρισε, τῷ δὲ μετ᾽ 
αὐτὸν τὰς διαφορὰς κρίνειν ἐπέτρεψε δικαστικῷ | 
ὄντι, τῷ δὲ Γουλούσσᾳ πολεμικῷ τυγχάνοντι τὰς 
δυνάμεις παρέδωκε. τοῖς δ᾽ ἀδελφοῖς αὐτῶν πολ- 
λοῖς οὖσι πόλεις τινὰς καὶ χώρας ἔνειμε. καὶ τὸν 
Γουλούσσαν παραλαβὼν πρὸς τὸν ὕπατον ἤγαγεν. 

᾿Αρχομένου δὲ τοῦ ἔαρος ἐπὶ τοὺς τῶν Καρ- 
χηδονίων συμμάχους ἐστράτευσαν, καὶ πολλοὺς 
μὲν αὐτῶν βίᾳ, πολλοὺς δὲ ὁμολογίᾳ, καὶ μάλιστα 
ὁ Σκιπίων, παρεστήσαντους ὡς δὲ ὁ Φαμέας 
ἀπογνοὺς τὰ τῶν Καρχηδονίων πρὸς τοὺς Ῥω- 
μαίους ἀπέκλινε καὶ εἰς λόγους τῷ Σκιπίωνι 
ἦλθε, τότε καὶ ἐπὶ τὸν ᾿Ασδρούβαν ἅπαντες 
ὥρμησαν. καὶ προσέμιξαν μὲν τῷ φρουρίῳ συχ- 
vais ἡμέραις, ἐπιλιπόντων δὲ αὐτοὺς αὖθις τῶν 
ἀναγκαίων ἀνεχώρησαν εὐπρεπῶς. προσέβαλε 
μὲν γὰρ αὐτοῖς ὁ Φαμέας προσεδρεύουσιν ἔτι ὡς 
πολεμήσων καὶ ἐν τῷ ἔργῳ μεθ᾽ ἱππέων τινῶν 
ηὐτομόλησε. κἀντεῦθεν Μανίλιος μὲν εἰς τὴν 
Οὐτικὴν ἐλθὼν ἡσύχαζε, Σκιπίων δὲ τὸν Φαμέαν 

1 δικαστικῷ Polak, δικαστῇ Mss. 


280 


BOOK ΧΧΙ 
Dio, Book ΧΧΙ.  “ Phameas, despairing of the 


Carthaginian cause.” 


Zonaras 9, 27. 

should arrive. Now Scipio, being aware of. the dis- 
positions of Masinissa’s sons, assigned the kingdom to 
no one of them singly ; but since there were three 
most distinguished, the eldest Micipsa, the youngest 
Gulussa, and between them Mastanabal, he appointed 
these to have charge of affairs, though with distinct 
functions. ‘To the eldest, who was versed in business 
and fond of wealth, he entrusted the management 
of the finances; to the second son, who possessed the 
judicial temperament, he granted the right to decide 
disputes ; and to Gulussa, who was of a warlike dis- 
position, he delivered the troops. To their brothers, 
who were numerous, he assigned certain cities and 
districts. And taking Gulussa along with him, he 
brought him to the consul. 

Now at the beginning of spring they made a cam- 
paign against the allies of the Carthaginians and 
brought many of them to terms forcibly, while induc- 
ing many others to capitulate; in this work Scipio 
was especially active. And when Phameas, despairing 
of Carthaginian success, inclined to the Roman side 
and held a conference with Scipio, then they all set 
out against Hasdrubal. For several days they assailed 
his fortress, but as supplies again failed them they 
retired in good order. During the siege Phameas 
had attacked them and made a show of fighting, but 
in the progress of the action he had deserted together 
with some of the cavalry. Then Manilius went to 
Utica and remained quiet, while Scipio took Phameas 


381 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 27-28, 
els. τὴν “Ῥώμην ἀνήγαγε" καὶ αὐτὸς τε ἐπηνεῖτο 
καὶ ὁ Φαμέας τετίμητο ὥστε καὶ ἐν τῷ βουλευ- 
τηρίῳ συγκαθῆσθαι τῇ γερουσίᾳ. 

28, Τότε δὲ συνηνέχθη καὶ τὰ κατὰ τὸν Τρου- 
σίαν. ὃς γέρων ὧν καὶ τοὺς τρόπους τραχὺς ἐφο- 
βήθη τοὺς Βιθυνοὺς μὴ τῆς βασιλείας αὐτὸν 
ἐκβάλωσι, τὸν Νικομήδη τὸν υἱὸν ἀνθελόμενοι. 
καὶ κατά τινα πρόφασιν ἔπεμψεν εἰς τὴν Ῥώμην 
αὐτὸν κἀκεῖ διάγειν ἐκέλευσεν. ὡς δὲ κἀν τῇ 
Ῥώμῃ διαιτωμένῳ τῷ υἱῷ ἐπεβούλευσε καὶ ἔ- 
σπευδε κτεῖναι αὐτόν, Βιθυνοί τίνες εἰς “Ρώμην 
φοιτήσαντες ἐξήγαγον λάθρᾳ τὸν Νικομήδη, καὶ 
ἐς τὴν Βιθυνίαν κομίσαντες, τὸν μὲν γέροντα 
ἐφόνευσαν, βασιλέα δ᾽ ἐκεῖνον ἀπέδειξαν. ταῦτα 
ἠνίασε μὲν τοὺς Ῥωμαίους, οὐ μὴν καὶ εἰς πό- 
λεμον ἐξηρέθισε. 

Τὴν δὲ Μακεδονίαν ᾿Ανδρίσκος τις ἐξ ᾿Ατρα- 
μυττίου φύς, τῷ Περσεῖ δ᾽ ἐμφερὴς τὸ εἶδος γενό- 
μενος καὶ παῖς εἶναι ἐκείνου πλαττόμενος καὶ 
Φίλιππον ἑαυτὸν ὀνομάζων, ἐπὶ πλεῖστον ἀπέ- 
στησε. τὸ μὲν γὰρ πρῶτον ἐς τὴν Μακεδονίαν 
ἐλθὼν ταράττειν αὐτὴν ἐπειρᾶτο, ὡς δὲ οὐδεὶς 
προσεῖχεν αὐτῷ, πρὸς τὸν Δημήτριον εἰς τὴν 

υρίαν ἐτράπετο, ὡς ἐξ ἐκείνου διὰ τὸ γένος 
βοηθείας τευξόμενος. συλληφθεὶς δὲ Tap ἐκείνου 
καὶ εἰς τὴν “Ῥώμην πεμφθείς, OTL τε μὴ ὧν τοῦ 
Περσέως υἱὸς ἠλέγχθη καὶ ὅτι οὐδέ τι ἕτερον 
εἶχεν. ἄξιον λόγου, κατεφρονήθη. καὶ ἀφεθεὶς 
χεῖρά τε συνήγαγεν ἀνθρώπων “Ψψεωτεροποιῶν καὶ 
πόλεις πολλὰς ἐπηγάγετο, καὶ τέλος βασιλικὴν 
στολὴν περιθέμενος καὶ δύναμιν συγκροτήσας 


382 


BOOK ΧΧΙ 


Zonaras 9, 27--28. 

back to Rome, where he himself received commenda- 
tion and Phameas was honoured to the extent of being 
allowed to sit with the senate in the senate-house. 

28. It was at this time, too, that the episode occurred 
in which Prusias figured. This monarch, being old 
and of an irritable disposition, became possessed by 
a fear that the Bithynians would expel him from his 
kingdom, choosing in his stead his son Nicomedes. 
So he sent him to Rome on some pretext, with 
orders to make that his home. But since he plotted 
against his son even during his sojourn in Rome and 
strove to kill him, some Bithynians visited Rome, 
took Nicomedes away secretly, and conveyed him to 
Bithynia ; and after slaying his father they appointed 
him king. ‘This act irritated the Romans, but not 
to the point of war. 

A certain Andriscus, who was a native of Adramyt- 
tium and resembled Perseus in appearance, caused a 
large part of Macedonia to revolt by pretending to 
be his son and calling himself Philip. First he went 
to Macedonia and tried to stir up that country, but 
as no one would yield him allegiance, he betook him- 
self to Demetrius in Syria to obtain from him the aid 
which relationship might afford. But Demetrius 
arrested him and sent him to Rome, where he met 
with general contempt, both because he stood con- 
victed of not being the son of Perseus and because 
he had no other qualities worthy of mention. On 
being released he gathered a band of revolutionists, 
drew after him a number of cities, and finally, 
assuming the kingly garb and mustering an army, he 


383 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 28. 
els Θράκην ἀφίκετο, καὶ συχνοὺς μὲν. τῶν αὐτο- 
νόμων, συχνοὺς δὲ καὶ τῶν δυναστῶν τοῖς Ρωμαίοις 
ἀχθομένους παραλαβὼν εἰς Μακεδονίαν ἐνέβαλε 
καὶ αὐτὴν κατέσχε, καὶ ἐπὶ τὴν Θεσσαλίαν 
ὁρμήσας οὐκ ὀλίγα ταύτης προσεποιήσατο. 

Οἱ δὲ “Ῥωμαῖοι κατεφρόνουν μὲν πρότερον τοῦ 
᾿Ανδρίσκου, εἶτα τὸν Σκιπίωνα τὸν Νασικᾶν 
ἔπεμψαν εἰρηνικῶς πως τὰ ἐκεῖ διοικήσοντα. ὃς 
εἰς τὴν “ὥὰἀλλάδα ἐλθὼν καὶ μαθὼν τὰ γενόμενα, 
τοῖς μὲν Ρωμαίοις δηλῶν ταῦτα ἐπέστειλε, δύ- 
ναμεὲν δὲ παρὰ τῶν ἐκεῖ "συμμάχων ἀθροίσας ἔργου 
εἴχετο, καὶ προῆλθε μέχρι Μακεδονίας. οἱ δ᾽ ἐν 
τῇ Ῥώμῃ γνόντες τὰ κατὰ τὸν ᾿Ανδρίσκον, στρά- 
τευμα ἔπεμψαν καὶ στρατηγὸν Πούπλιον Ἴου- 
βέντιον. ᾧ περὶ 1 Μακεδονίαν γενομένῳ συμβαλὼν 
ὁ ᾿Ανδρίσκος ἐκεῖνόν τε ἀπέκτεινε καὶ τοὺς 
ἄλλους πάντας ἂν κατειργάσατο, εἰ μὴ τῆς νυ- 
κτὸς ἀπεχώρησαν. καὶ εἰς τὴν Θεσσαλίαν μετὰ 
ταῦτα εἰσέβαλε καὶ πλεῖστα αὐτῆς ἐκάκωσε, καὶ 
τὰ τῶν Θρᾳκῶν προσηταιρίζετο. πάλιν οὖν διὰ 
ταῦτα οἱ ἐν τῇ “Ῥώμῃ Κύιντον Καικίλιον Μέτελλον 
στρατηγὸν σὺν δυνάμει πολλῇ ἔστειλαν. καὶ ὃς εἰς 
τὴν Μακεδονίαν ἦλθε, Kai οἱ ὁ Ἄτταλος προσήμυνε 
ναυτικῷ. διὸ δείσας ὁ ὁ ᾿Ανδρίσκος περὶ τῶν παρα- 
θαλασσίων οὐκ ἐτόλμησε περαιτέρω προελθεῖν" 
ὀλίγον δὲ τῆς IIvdvns ἔξω προχωρήσας ἱππομαχίᾳ 
μὲν ὑπερέσχε, φοβηθεὶς δὲ τὸ πεζὸν ἀνέστρεψε. 
καὶ ἐπαρθεὶς διχῇ τὸν στρατὸν διεῖλε, καὶ τοῖς μὲν 
αὐτὸς κατὰ χώραν προσήδρευε, τοὺς δὲ πορθῆσαι 
τὴν Θεσσαλίαν ἀπέστειλε. καταφρονήσας οὖν ὁ 
Μέτελλος τῶν παρόντων συνέμιξε: καὶ. τῶν πρῶ- 


384 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧΙ 


Zonaras 9, 28. 


reached Thrace. There he added to his army 
several of the independent states as well as several of 
the princes who disliked the Romans, invaded and 
occupied Macedonia, and setting out for Thessaly 
won over no small part of that country. 

The Romans at first scorned Andriscus, and then 
they sent Scipio Nasica to settle matters there in some 
peaceable manner. On reaching Greece and ascer- 
taining what had occurred, he sent a letter to the 
Romans explaining the situation ; then after collect- 
ing troops from the allies there he devoted himself to 
the business in hand and advanced as far as Macedonia. 
The people of Rome, when informed of the doings of 
Andriscus, sent an army along with Publius Juventius, 
a praetor. Juventius had just reached the vicinity of 
Macedonia when Andriscus gave battle, killed the 
praetor, and would have annihilated his entire force 
had they not withdrawn by night. Next he invaded 
Thessaly, harried a great many parts of it, and was 
ranging Thracian interests on his side. Consequently 
the people of Rome once more dispatched a praetor, 
Quintus Caecilius Metellus, with a strong body of 
troops. He proceeded to Macedonia and received 
the assistance of the fleet of Attalus. Andriscus 
in consequence became anxious about the coast dis- 
tricts, and so did not venture to advance farther, 
but moved up to a point slightly beyond Pydna. 
There he had the best of it in a cavalry encounter, 
but out of fear of the infantry turned back. He was 
so elated that he divided his army into two sections, 
with one of which he remained on the watch where 
he was, while he sent the other to ravage Thessaly. 
Metellus, contemptuous of the forces confronting him, 

385 


VOL. Il, σς 


B.c. 148 


70, 2 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Tis yap ποτε καὶ ὅρος ἡλικίας τοῖς γε ἅπαξ ἐκ 
μειρακίων ἐξελθοῦσι πρὸς τὸ τὰ δέοντα φρονεῖν 
ἔπεστι; τίς ἀριθμὸς ἐτῶν πρὸς τὸ τὰ προσήκοντα 
πράττειν ἀποδέδεικται; οὐχ ὅσοι μὲν ἂν τῇ τε 


Zonaras 9, 28-29. 
τον αὐτῷ εἰς χεῖρας ἐλθόντων περιγενόμενος ῥᾷον 
καὶ τοὺς λοιποὺς “παρεστήσατο' ἑτοίμως γὰρ 
ὡς ἐξήμαρτον αὐτῷ ὡμολόγησαν. ὁ δὲ ᾽Αν- 
δρίσκος εἰς τὴν Θράκην ἀπέδρα, καὶ δύναμιν 
ἀθροίσας συνέβαλε τῷ Μετέλλῳ προϊόντι οὗ 
προεχώρει. καὶ τῶν προμάχων αὐτοῦ τραπέντων 
τὸ τε συμμαχικὸν αὐτοῦ ἐσκεδάσθη καὶ αὐτὸς 
ὑπὸ Βύξου Θρᾳκὸς δυνάστου προδοθεὶς ἐδικαιώθη. 

Καὶ ᾿Αλέξανδρος δέ τις Περσέως καὶ αὐτὸς 
λέγων εἰναι υἱὸς καὶ χεῖρα συναγαγών, κατέλαβε 
τὴν περὶ τὸν Μέστον καλούμενον ποταμὸν χώραν' 
ὃν ὁ Μέτελλος ἐπεδίωξεν ὑποφυγόντα μέχρι τῆς 
Δαρδανίας. 

29, Ἐπὶ δὲ τοὺς Καρχηδονίους οἱ “Ρωμαῖοι 
Πείσωνα τὸν ὕπατον ἔστειλαν. ὃς τῇ μὲν Καρ- 
χηδόνι καὶ τῷ ᾿Ασδρούβᾳ οὐ προσέμιξεν, ἐπὶ δὲ 
τὰς παραλίους πόλεις ἐτράπετο" καὶ τῆς μὲν 
᾿Ασπίδος ἀπεκρούσθη, τὴν δὲ Νέαν πόλιν ἑλὼν 
κατέσκαψεν" ἐπὶ δὲ Ἵππῶνα πόλιν ὁρμήσας 
κατέτριψε τὸν καιρὸν μηδὲν περάνας. οἱ δὲ 
Καρχηδόνιοι ἀνεθάρσησαν διὰ ταῦτα καὶ ὅτι 
καί τινες αὐτοῖς προσεγένοντο σύμμαχοι. 
μαθόντες οὖν ταῦτα οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι. οἵ τε ἐν τῷ 
στρατοπέδῳ καὶ οἱ ἐν τῇ πόλει, ἐπὶ τὸν Σκιπίωνα 
ὥρμησαν καὶ ὕπατον αὐτὸν ἐψηφίσαντο, καίτοι 
τῆς ἡλικίας μὴ ἐφιείσης αὐτῷ τὴν ἀρχήν: ἀλλὰ 
486 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧΙ 


What age, pray, has been fixed as the time for 
beginning to think sensibly,—assuming one has 
ceased to be a boy? What number of years has 
been determined upon as necessary for beginning to 


Zonaras 9, 28-29. 
joined battle, and after overpowering those with 
whom he first came into conflict he very easity won 
over the others also; for they readily admitted to 
him the error of their ways. Andriscus fled to 
Thrace and after assembling a force gave battle to — 
Metellus as the latter was advancing on his way. 
His vanguard, however, was routed, whereupon his 
allied force was scattered ; and Andriscus himself was 
betrayed by Byzes, a Thracian prince, and punished. 

One Alexander also had declared himself to be a 
son of Perseus, and collecting a band of warriors, had 
occupied the country round about the river which is 
called the Mestus!: but he now took to flight, and 
Metellus pursued him as far as Dardania. 

29. The Romans sent out Piso, the consul, against 
the Carthaginians. Piso did not try conclusions with 
Carthage and Hasdrubal, but devoted himself to the 
coast cities. He was repulsed from Aspis [Clupea], 
but captured and razed Neapolis; and in his expe- 
dition against the town of Hippo he merely used 
up time without accomplishing anything. So the 
Carthaginians took heart both on this account and 
because some allies had joined them. Learning this, 
the Romans in the army and city alike had recourse 
to Scipio and created him consul, notwithstanding 
his age did not entitle him to hold the office. But 

1 Presumably an error for the Nestus. 387 
σ 2 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


φύσει καὶ τῇ τύχῃ χρηστῇ χρήσωνται, πάντα 
ἀπ᾽ ἀρχῆς εὐθὺς ἃ δεῖ καὶ φρονοῦσι καὶ πράτ- 
ς \ > a iol ς ’ \ a 
Tovolv, οἱ δὲ ἐν τῇδε TH ἡλικίᾳ βραχὺν νοῦν 
” > A “27 +9? > \ 4 
ἔχοντες οὐδ᾽ ἂν αὖθίς ποτε, οὐδ᾽ εἰ πολλὰ ἔτη 
διέλθοι, φρονιμώτεροι γένοιντο; ἀμείνων μὲν γὰρ 
a . fal / 
ἄν τις αὐτὸς ἑαυτοῦ προϊούσης τῆς ἡλικίας 
ς / 4 3 5 > / , 2 > 
ὑπάρξειεν, ἔννους δ᾽ ἐξ ἀνοήτου καὶ ἔμφρων ἐξ 
», 50 ἃ e > / 
ἄφρονος οὐδ᾽ ἂν εἷς ex Bain. 

Μὴ μέντοι «τοὺς νέους ἐς ἀθυμίαν, ὡς καὶ 
κατεγνωσμένους τὸ μηδὲν ᾿τῶν δεόντων πράττειν 
δύνασθαι, ἐμβάλητε: πᾶν γὰρ τοὐναντίον προ- 
τρέπεσθαι αὐτοὺς ὀφείλετε πάντα τὰ προσήκοντα 
αὐτοῖς προθύμως ποιεῖν ἀσκεῖν, ὡς καὶ τιμὰς καὶ 
ἀρχὰς καὶ πρὸ τοῦ γήρως ληψομένους: ἐκ γὰρ 
τούτου καὶ τοὺς πρεσβυτέρους βελτίους ποιήσετε, 
πρῶτον μὲν ἀνταγωνιστὰς πολλοὺς ἀποδείξαντες, 
» bd > f ς \ 9s 4 \ 
ἔπειτ᾽ ἐνδειξάμενον ὡς Kal τἄλλα πάντα Kal 

\ ς ’, / > > 3 a 2 A 
τὰς ἡγεμονίας μάλιστα οὐκ ἐξ ἀριθμοῦ ἐτῶν 
3 > > > “ ᾿] 4 lal -“ ’ 
arr ἐξ ἀρετῆς ἐμφύτου πᾶσι τοῖς πολίταις 
δώσετε.---Μαχ. Conf. Flor. f. 168% (M. p. 546) and 
Toann. Damasc. Sacr. Parall. cod. Med. 8, 22 ἢ. 75 
(2, 688 sq. Gaisf., 4, 148 sq. Mein.). 


Zonaras 9, 29. 
Δ » > a Ap Oi \ a \ , 
τά TE ἔργα αὐτοῦ Kal ἡ ἀρετὴ τοῦ πατρὸς ἸΤαύλου 
“ > a al 
καὶ τοῦ πάππου ᾿Αφρικανοῦ ἐλπίδα παρεῖχον 
ἅπασι βεβαίαν καὶ τῶν πολεμίων δε αὐτοῦ 
, a 
κρατήσειν καὶ τὴν Καρχηδόνα παντελῶς ἐξαι- 
ρήσειν. 


388 


BOOK ΧΧΙῚ 


do the fitting thing? Is it not true that all who 
enjoy an excellent nature and good fortune both 
think and do in all things what is right from the 
very beginning, whereas those who at this age of 
their life have little sense will never grow more 
prudent later, even with the lapse of many years? 
A man may continue to improve upon his former 
condition as he advances in age, but no fool will 
ever turn out wise nor any simpleton sensible. 

Do not, however, discourage the young men 
through the idea that they are disqualified from 
performing any services. On the contrary, you 
ought to urge them to practise zealously the per- 
formance of all the duties that belong to them, and 
to look for both honours and offices even before they 
reach old age. For by this course you will render 
their elders better, too—first, by confronting them 
with many competitors, and next by making it clear 
that you are going to establish, not length of years, 
but innate excellence as the test in conferring 
honours, and particularly positions of command, upon 
any citizens. 

Zonaras 9, 29. 
his own deeds and the prowess of his father, Paulus, 
and of his grandfather, Africanus, inspired them all 


with the firm hope that through him they might 
vanquish their enemies and utterly destroy Carthage. 


1 These words seem to be from a speech delivered before 
the senate with reference either to the consulship of Scipio 
Aemilianus (B.C. 148) or to the Spanish appointment of Scipio 
Africanus (B.C. 211), preferably the former. 389 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 29, 
Ev ᾧ δ᾽ ὁ Σκιπίων εἰς τὴν Λιβύην ἐκομίζετο, 
Μαγκῖνος παραπλέων τὴν Καρχηδόνα χωρίον τι 
τοῦ τείχους αὐτῆς ἐντὸς ὃν ͵, Μεγαλία ὀνομαζό- 
μενον, καὶ ἐπὶ πέτρας ἀποτόμου καθῆκον πρὸς 
θάλασσαν, πολύ τε τῆς ἄλλης πόλεως ἀπηρτη- 
μένον, καὶ μηδὲ πολλοὺς φρουροὺς ἔχον ὡς τῇ 
φύσει ὃν ἐρυμνὸν κατανοήσας, κλίμακας ἐξα- 
πιναίως προσθεὶς ἀπὸ τῶν νεῶν ἐπανέβη. ἤδη δὲ 
ἀνελθόντος συνέδραμον μὲν τῶν Καρχηδονίων 
τινές, οὐ μέντοι καὶ ἐκκροῦσαι αὐτὸν ἠδυνήθησαν. 
ὁ δὲ πέμψας πρὸς τὸν Πείσωνα τά τε γεγονότα 
ἐδήλωσε καὶ αὐτῷ ἐπαμῦναι ἠξίωσε. πόρρω δ᾽ 
ὧν ἐν τῇ μεσογείῳ ᾿οὐδὲν αὐτῷ χρήσιμος ὁ ἸΤείσων 
ἐγένετο. ὁ δὲ Σκιπίων ὑπ᾽ αὐτὴν τὴν ἀγγελίαν 
νυκτὸς κατὰ τύχην ἐλθὼν εὐθὺς ἐβοήθησεν. 
εἷλον γὰρ ἂν τὸν Μαγκῖνον οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι ἢ ἢ καὶ 
διέφθειραν, εἰ μὴ παραπλεούσας εἶδον τὰς ναῦς 
τοῦ Σκιπίωνος. τότε δ᾽ ἠθύμησαν μέν, οὐκ ἀπέ- 
στησαν δέ. αἰχμαλώτους οὖν τινας ἔπεμψεν ὁ 
Σκιπίων “ἐροῦντας ὅτι πάρεστι. καὶ τοῦτο γνόντες 
οὐχ ὑπέμειναν ἔτι, ἀλλ᾽ ἀνεχώρησαν καὶ τὸν 
᾿Ασδρούβαν μετεπέμψαντο καὶ ταφρεύμασι καὶ 
σταυρώμασι τὸ πρὸ τῶν οἰκιῶν διατείχισμα διεφύ- 
λαξαν. ὁ μέντοι Σκιπίων τὰ μὲν Meyania τὸν 
Μαγκῖνον φρουρεῖν κατέλιπεν, αὐτὸς δὲ πρὸς τὸν 
Πείσωνα καὶ πρὸς τὰς δυνάμεις ἀπῆρεν, ὡς ἂν 
μετ᾽ αὐτῶν ἔργου ἔχηται. καὶ ἐπανῆλθε ταχέως 
σὺν τῷ κουφοτάτῳ τῆς στρατιᾶς, καὶ κατέλαβε 
τὸν ᾿Ασδρούβαν εἰς τὴν Καρχηδόνα εἰσελθόντα 
καὶ δεινῶς τῷ Μαγκίνῳ ἐπιτιθέμενον: καὶ ἐλθὼν 
ὁ Σκιπίων τὴν ἐπίθεσιν ἔλυσεν. ἀφικομένου 


399 


’ 


BOOK ΧΧΙ 


Zonaras 9, 29. 

While Scipio was proceeding to Africa, Mancinus 5.0. 147 
in sailing past Carthage noticed a place called Megalia 
which was inside the city wall on an abrupt cliff 
and extended down toward the sea; the place was a 
long distance away from the rest of the town and 
had but few guards because of the natural strength of 
its position. So Mancinus suddenly applied ladders 
to it from the ships and ascended. When he had 
already got up there, some of the Carthaginians 
hastily gathered, but they were unable to repulse 
him. He then sent to Piso an account of his 
exploit and a request for assistance. Piso, however, 
being far in the interior, was of no aid to Mancinus ; 
but Scipio chanced to come along at night just after 
the receipt of the news and rendered prompt aid. 
For the Carthaginians would have either captured 
or destroyed Mancinus, if they had not seen 
Scipio’s vessels sailing past; then they grew dis- 
couraged, but would not fall back. So Scipio sent 
them some captives to tell them that he was at 
hand ; and upon learning this they no longer stood 
their ground, but retired and fortified with trenches 
and palisades the cross-wall in front of the houses, 
meanwhile sending for Hasdrubal. Scipio now left 
Mancinus to guard Megalia and set out himself to 
join Piso and the troops, so as to have their support 
in his operations. He quickly returned with the 
lightest-armed troops and found that Hasdrubal 
had entered Carthage and was attacking Mancinus 
fiercely. The arrival of Scipio put an end to the 


991 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 29. 
δὲ καὶ τοῦ Πείσωνος ἤδη, ἐκεῖνον μὲν ἔξω τοῦ 
τείχους αὐλίσασθαι κατά τινας πύλας ἐκέλευσε, 
καὶ στρατιώτας ἑτέρους πρὸς πυλίδα τινὰ πολὺ 
ap’ ἑαυτῶν ἀπέχουσαν περιέπεμψε, παραγγείλας 
αὐτοῖς ἅττα πράξειν ἐχρῆν, αὐτὸς δὲ τὸ κράτιστον 
τοῦ στρατοῦ κατὰ μέσας νύκτας λαβὼν ἔνδον τοῦ 
περιβόλου ἐγένετο, αὐτομόλοις χρησάμενος ἄγουσι, 
καὶ ὑπὸ τὴν πυλίδα παραδραμὼν καὶ τὸν μοχλὸν 
διακόψας τούς τε ἔξωθεν ἐφεδρεύοντας εἰσήγαγε 
καὶ τοὺς φύλακας ἔφθειρε. καὶ πρὸς τὰς πύλας 
ἠπείχθη. καθ᾽ ἃς ὁ Πείσων προσήδρευε, τοὺς φρου- 
ροὺς τοὺς τὰ μέσα φυλάττοντας. ὀλίγους Kal? 
ἑκάστους ὄντας τρέπων, ὥστε τὸν ᾿Ασδρούβαν 
ἅμα τε πυνθάνεσθαι τὰ γενόμενα καὶ ὁρᾶν τὴν τῶν 
Ῥωμαίων δύναμιν μικροῦ πᾶσαν οὖσαν ἐντός. 
καὶ χρόνον μέν τινα ἀντέσχον, ἔπειτα τὴν μὲν 
ἄλλην πόλιν ἐξέλιπον, εἰς δὲ τὸν Κώθωνα τήν τε 
Βύρσαν κατέφυγον. εἶτα ὁ ᾿Ασδρούβας πάντας 
τοὺς τῶν “Ῥωμαίων αἰχμαλώτους ἀπέκτεινεν, 
ὅπως ἀπόγνωσιν συγγνώμης σχόντες οἱ Καρχη- 
δόνιοι προθυμότερον ἀντικαρτερήσωσι" πολλοὺς 
δὲ καὶ τῶν ἐπιχωρίων ὡς προδιδόντας ἑαυτοὺς 
διεχρήσατο. καὶ ὁ Σκιπίων περιεσταύρωσε μὲν 
αὐτοὺς καὶ ἀπετείχισεν, οὐ μὴν καὶ ταχέως εἷλε. 
τά τε "yap τείχη καρτερὰ ἣν καὶ οἱ ἐντὸς πολλοὶ 
ὄντες ἰσχυρῶς ἐν ὀλίγῳ χώρῳ ἠμύνοντο καὶ σίτου 
ἀφθόνως εἶχον. ὁ γὰρ Βιθίας “ὁλκάδας ἀπὸ τῆς 
ἀντικρὺ τῆς πόλεως ἠπείρου. κατὰ κῦμα καὶ ἄνεμον, 
ὁσάκις σφοδρῶς ἔπνει, ἐς τὸν λιμένα αὐτοῖς εἰσέ- 
πέμπε. πρὸς ὅπερ ὁ Σκιπίων μέγα ἔργον καὶ ἐπε- 
νόησε καὶ ἐπετέλεσε" τὸν γὰρ εἴσπλουν τοῦ λιμένος 


392 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧΙ 


Zonaras 9, 29. 


attack. When Piso too had now arrived, Scipio 
commanded him to encamp outside the wall op- 
posite certain gates, and he sent other soldiers 
round to a little gate a long distance away from the 
main force, with orders as to what they must do. 
Then he himself about midnight took the strongest 
part of the army, got inside the wall, under the guid- 
ance of deserters, and hurrying round to ἃ point 
inside the little gate, he hacked the bar in two, let 
in the men who were on the watch outside, and 
destroyed the guards. He then hastened to the gate 
opposite which Piso had his station, routing the 
intervening guards, who were only a few in each place, 
so that Hasdrubal by the time he found out what 
had happened saw that nearly the whole force of the 
Romans was inside. For a time, indeed, the Cartha- 
ginians withstood them; then they abandoned the 
remainder of the city and fled for refuge to Cotho 
and the Byrsa. Next Hasdrubal killed all the Roman 
captives, in order that the Carthaginians, in despair 
of pardon, might resist with greater zeal. He also 
made away with many of the natives on the charge 
that they were betraying their own cause. Scipio 
surrounded them with a palisade and walled them 
in, yet it was some time before he captured them. 
For their walls were strong, and the men inside, 
being many in number and confined in a small space, 
made a vigorous resistance. ‘They were well off for 
food, too; for Bithias, taking advantage of wind and 
tide, whenever a heavy gale blew, would send mer- 
chantmen into the harbour to them from the main- 
land opposite the city. ‘To overcome this opposition 
Scipio conceived and executed a remarkable under- 
taking, namely, the filling up of the narrow entrance 


393 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 29-80. 


στενὸν ὄντα συνέχωσε, χαλεπῶς μὲν Kal ἐπι- 
πόνως, ὅμως μέντοι ὑπὸ πολυχειρίας τὸ ἔργον 
ἐξείργαστο. εἴργειν μὲν γὰρ αὐτοὺς ἐπεχείρουν 
οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι, καὶ πολλαὶ μάχαι, ἐν τούτῳ ἐγί- 
νοντο, οὐ μέντοι καὶ κωλῦσαι τὸ χῶσαι ἠδυ- 
νήθησαν. 

80, Οἱ οὖν Καρχηδόνιοι, τοῦ στόματος τοῦ 
λιμένος χωσθέντος, τῇ τοῦ σίτου σπάνει δεινῶς 
ἐπιέσθησαν" καὶ οἱ μὲν ηὐτομόλουν, οἱ δὲ ἐ ἐγκαρ- 
τεροῦντες ἔθνησκον, οἱ δὲ τῶν νεκρῶν ἐγεύοντο. 
ὅθεν ἀθυμήσας ᾿Ασδρούβας πρέσβεις πρὸς τὸν 
Σκιπίωνα περὶ σπονδῶν ἔπεμψε: καὶ ἔτυχεν ἂν 
τῆς ἀδείας, εἰ “μὴ καὶ τοῖς λοιποῖς ἅπασι καὶ τὴν 
σωτηρίαν καὶ τὴν ἐλευθερίαν πρᾶξαι ἠθέλησε. 
διαμαρτὼν οὖν αὐτῆς εἰς τὴν ἀκρόπολιν «τὴν 
γυναῖκα κατέκλεισεν, ἐπεὶ τῷ Σκιπίωνι ὑπὲρ 
ἑαυτῆς καὶ τῶν τέκνων διεκηρυκεύσατο' καὶ 
τἄλλα διῴκει τολμηρότερος γενόμενος διὰ τὴν 
ἀπόγνωσιν. αὐτός τε οὖν καὶ ἄλλοι ἀπονοίᾳ 
κρατούμενοι καὶ νυκτὸς καὶ ἡμέρας ἐμάχοντο, καὶ 
τὰ μὲν ἡττῶντο, τὰ δ᾽ ἐπεκράτουν, καὶ ἀντεμη- 
χανῶντο πρὸς τὰς Ῥωμαϊκὰς μηχανάς. καὶ ὁ 
Βιθίας δὲ φρούριόν TL ἐρυμνὸν ἔχων καὶ ἐπὶ 
πολλὰ τῆς ἠπείρου προϊών, τούς τε Καρχηδονίους 
ὠφέλει καὶ τοὺς Ῥωμαίους ἐκάκου. διὸ καὶ ὁ 
Σκιπίων τὸ στράτευμα διελών, τὸ μὲν τῇ Καρχη- 
δόνι προσεδρεύειν ἔταξε, τ τὸ δὲ ἐπὶ τὸν Βιθίαν 
ἔπεμψεν, ἐ ἐπιστήσας αὐτῷ τὸν ὑποστράτηγον τὸν 
Γάιον Λαΐλιον: καὶ αὐτὸς ἑκατέρωσε διεφοίτα 
ἄμφω ἐπισκοπῶν. καὶ ἥλω τὸ φρούριον. εἶτ᾽ 
αὖθις πάσῃ τῇ στρατιᾷ ἐπολιορκεῖτο ἡ Καρχηδών. 


394 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧΙ 


᾿ ΖοηδΥ85 9, 29-380. 


to the harbour. The work was difficult and toilsome, 
but was nevertheless brought to completion, thanks 
to the great number of men employed. The Cartha- 
ginians, to be sure, undertook to check them, and 
many. battles took place during the course of the 
work, but they were unable to prevent the filling of 
the channel. 

30. So, when the mouth of the harbour had been 
filled, the Carthaginians were terribly oppressed by 
the scarcity of food ; and some of them deserted, while 
others held out and died, and still others ate the dead 
bodies. Hence Hasdrubal, in discouragement, sent 
envoys to Scipio with regard to a truce, and would 
have obtained immunity, had he not desired to secure 
both safety and freedom for all the rest as well. After 
he had failed for this reason to accomplish his purpose, 
he confined his wife in the citadel because she had 
made overtures to Scipio looking to the safety of 
herself and her children ; and in other respects he 
grew bolder in his conduct of affairs as a result of 
despair. He, therefore, and some others, mastered 
by frenzy, fought both night and day, sometimes 
losing and sometimes winning; and they devised 
engines to oppose the Roman engines. Moreover, 
Bithias, who held a strong fortress and scoured wide 
stretches of the mainland, was helping the Car- 
thaginians and injuring the Romans. Hence Scipio 
also divided his army, assigning one half of it to 
invest Carthage, while he sent the other half against 
Bithias, placing at the head of it his lieutenant, Gaius 
Laelius. He himself went back and forth from one 
division to the other on visits of inspection. Finally 
the fortress was taken, and the siege of Carthage was 
once more conducted by the whole army. 


395 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 30. 

᾿Απογνόντες οὖν οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι μηκέτι ἑκά- 
τερον τεῖχος διασώσασθαι δύνασθαι, εἰς τὸν τῆς 
Βύρσης περίβολον ἅτε καὶ ἐρυμνότερον ἀνεσκευ- 
ἄσαντο, καὶ μετακομίσαντες ὅσα ἠδύναντο, κατέ- 
πρησαν νυκτὸς τὸ νεώριον καὶ τῶν ἄλλων τὰ 
πλείω, ἵνα τῆς ἐξ αὐτῶν ὠφελείας τοὺς πολεμίους 
στερήσωσιν. ὡς δ᾽ ἔγνων τὸ ἔργον οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι, 
τὸν λιμένα κατέσχον καὶ ἐπὶ τὴν Βύρσαν ὥρ- 
μησαν, καὶ κατασχόντες τὰς ἑκατέρωθεν αὐτῆς 
οἰκίας οἱ μὲν ἐπὶ τῶν τεγῶν αὐτῶν ἐπὶ τὰς ἀεὶ 
ἐχομένας ἐβάδιζον, οἱ | δὲ τοὺς τοίχους διορύσσοντες 
κάτωθεν διήεσαν, ἕως πρὸς αὐτὴν τὴν ἄκραν 
ἀφίκοντο. ἐνταῦθα δὲ γενομένοις οὐκέτι ἀντῆραν 
οἱ Καρχηδόνιοι, ἀλλ᾽ ἐπεκηρυκεύσαντο, πλὴν τοῦ 
᾿Ασδρούβου. ἐκεῖνος δὲ μετὰ τῶν αὐτομόλων (ὁ 
γὰρ Σκιπίων οὐκ ἐσπείσατο αὐτοῖς) εἰς τὸ ᾿Α- 
σκληπιεῖον ἀνειλήθη μετὰ τῆς γυναικὸς καὶ τῶν 
παίδων, κἀντεῦθεν ἠμύνετο τοὺς προσβάλλοντας, 
μέχρις οὗ ἐμπρήσαντες τὸν νεὼν οἱ “αὐτόμολοι ἐπὶ 
τὸ τέγος αὐτοῦ ἀνέβησαν, τὴν ἐσχάτην τοῦ πυρὸς 
ἀνάγκην ἀναμένοντες" τότε γὰρ ἡσσηθεὶς πρὸς τὸν 
Σκιπίωνα ἦλθεν ἱκετηρίαν ἔχων. ἰδοῦσα δὲ 
αὐτὸν ἡ γυνὴ ἀντιβολοῦντα ὀνομαστὶ ἀνεκάλεσεν, 
καὶ ἐξονειδίσασα ὅ ὅτι ἑαυτῷ τὴν σωτηρίαν πράξας 
οὐκ ἐπέτρεψεν. ἐκείνῃ σπείσασθαι, τὰ τέκνα ἐνέ- 
βαλεν εἰς τὸ πῦρ καὶ ἑαυτὴν προσεπέρριψεν. 

Ἑλὼν οὖν οὕτω τὴν Καρχηδόνα Σκιπίων τῇ 
γερουσίᾳ ἐπέστειλε τάδε ‘ ᾿ Καρχηδὼν ἑάλω" τί 
οὖν κελεύετε; ᾿ἀναγνωσθέντων οὗν τούτων βουλὴν 
ἔθεντο περὶ τοῦ τί δέον ποιεῖν. καὶ ὁ μὲν 
Κάτων κατασκάψαι τὴν πόλιν καὶ τοὺς Καρχη- 


396 


BOOK XXI 


Zonaras 9, 30. 


The Carthaginians, despairing, consequently, of 5.0. 146 
being any longer able to save both walls, betook 
themselves to the enclosure of the Byrsa, since it was 
better fortified, at the same time transferring thither 
all the objects that they could. Then at night they 
burned the dockyard and most of the other structures, 
in order to deprive the enemy of any benefit from 
them. When the Romans became aware of their 
action, they occupied the harbour and _ hastened 
against the Byrsa. After occupying the houses on 
each side of it, some of the besiegers walked along 
on top of the roofs by successively stepping to those 
adjacent, and others by digging through the walls 
pushed onward below until they reached the very 
citadel. When they had got thus far, the Cartha- 
ginians offered no further opposition, but sued for 
peace—all except Hasdrubal. He, together with 
the deserters, to whom Scipio would grant no truce, 
crowded into the temple of Aesculapius along with 
his wife and children ; and there he defended him- 
self against the assailants until the deserters set fire to 
the temple and climbed to the roof to await the last 
extremity of the flames. Then, vanquished, he came 
to Scipio holding the suppliant branch. His wife wit- 
nessed his entreaties, and after calling him by name 
and reproaching him for securing safety for himself, 
when he had not allowed her to obtain terms, threw 
her children into the fire and then cast herself in. 

Thus Scipio took Carthage; and he sent to the 
senate the following message: ‘Carthage is taken. 
What are your orders now?” When these words had 
been read, they took counsel as to what should be 
done. Cato expressed the opinion that they ought to 


397 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 30-31. 

δονίους ἐξαφανίσαι δεῖν ἐγνωμάτευσεν, ὁ δὲ 
Νασικᾶς φείσασθαι τῶν Καρχηδονίων καὶ ἔτι 
συνεβούλευε. κἀντεῦθεν εἰς ἀντιλογίαν πολλὴν 
προήχθη καὶ ἀμφισβήτησιν τὸ συνέδριον, ἕως 
ἔφη τις ὅτι εἰ καὶ μὴ δι᾽ οὐδὲν , ἕτερον, ἀλλά 
γε ἑαυτῶν ἕνεκα φείσασθαι αὐτῶν ἀναγκαῖον 
νομίξοιτο ἄν, ἵν᾽ ἀνταγωνιστὰς αὐτοὺς ἔχοντες 
ἀρετὴν ἀσκῶσι, καὶ μὴ πρὸς ἡδονὰς καὶ τρυφὴν 
τράπωνται, τῶν δυναμένων αὐτοὺς καταναγκάζειν 
εἰς ἄσκησιν τῶν πολεμικῶν περιαιρεθέντων, καὶ 
χείρους ὑπ᾽ ἀνασκησίας γένωνται, ἀξιοχρέους 
ἀντιπολέμους μὴ ἔχοντες. ἐκ τούτων οὖν τῶν 
λόγων πάντες κατασκάψαι τὴν Καρχηδόνα ὧμο- 
γνωμόνησαν, μήποτε εἰρηνήσειν ἐκείνους πιστεύ- 
σαντες ἀκριβῶς. καὶ πᾶσα ἄρδην ἀνάστατος 
γέγονε, καὶ ἐπάρατον ἐψηφίσθη τὸ ἐπ᾽ αὐτὴν 
κατοικῆσαί τινα. καὶ τῶν ἀνδρῶν τῶν ἁλόντων 
οἱ μὲν πλείους εἰς τὸ δεσμωτήριον ἐνεβλήθησαν 
κἀκεῖ διεφθάρησαν, ὀλίγοι δέ τινες πλὴν τῶν πάνυ 
πρώτων ἐπράθησαν" οὗτοι γὰρ οἵ τε ὅμηροι 
καὶ ὁ ᾿Ασδρούβας καὶ ὁ Βιθίας ἄλλοι ἄλλῃ. 
τῆς Ἰταλίας ἐν φρουραῖς ἀδέσμοις κατεβίωσαν. 
ὁ δὲ Σκιπίων δόξης τε ἔτυχε καὶ τιμῆς, καὶ 
᾿Αφρικανὸς οὐκ ἀπὸ τοῦ πάππου, ἀλλ᾽ ἀπὸ 
τῶν οἰκείων ἐπεκέκλητο πράξεων. 

31. Τότε δὲ καὶ ἡ Κόρινθος κατεσκάφη. ἐπεὶ 
γὰρ οἱ τῶν Ἑλλήνων κορυφαιότατοι ὑπὸ Παύλου 
τοῦ Αἰμιλίου. μετῳκίσθησαν εἰς τὴν Ἰταλίαν, οἱ 
λοιποὶ τὸ “μὲν πρῶτον πρεσβείαις τοὺς ἄνδρας 
ἀπήτουν, ὡς δ᾽ οὐκ ἔτυχον, καί τίνες ἐκείνων 
τὴν οἴκαδε ἀπογνόντες ἐπάνοδον ἑαυτοὺς διε- 


398 


BOOK ΧΧΙ 


Zonaras 9, 30-31. 


raze the city and blot out the Carthaginians, whereas 
Scipio Nasica still advised sparing the Carthaginians. 
And thereupon the senate became involved in a 
great dispute and contention, until some one declared 
that for the Romans’ own sake, if for no other reason, 
it must be considered necessary to spare them. With 
this nation for antagonists they would be sure to 
practise valour instead of turning aside to pleasures 
and luxury; whereas, if those who were able to 
compel them to practise warlike pursuits should be 
removed from the scene, they might deteriorate from 
want of practice, through a lack of worthy com- 
petitors. As a result of the discussion all became 
unanimous in favour of destroying Carthage, since ᾿ 
they felt sure that its inhabitants would never remain 
entirely at peace. The whole city was therefore 
utterly blotted out of existence, and it was decreed 
that for any person to settle upon its site should be 
an accursed act. The majority of the men cap- 
tured were thrown into prison and there perished, 
and some few were sold. But the very foremost 
men together with the hostages and Hasdrubal and 
Bithias spent the rest of their lives in different parts 
of Italy in honourable confinement. Scipio secured 
both glory and honour and was called Africanus, 
not after his grandfather, but because of his own 
achievements. 

31. At this time also Corinth was destroyed. 
The chief men of the Greeks had been deported to 
Italy by Aemilius Paulus, whereupon their country- 
men at first through embassies kept asking for the 
return of the men, and when their request was not 
granted, some of the exiles, in despair of ever 


399 


712 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Ὅτι ἦρξαν τῆς διαφορᾶς οἱ ᾿Αχαιοί, τοῖς 
Λακεδαιμονίοις ἐγκαλοῦντες (διηνέχθησαν γὰρ 
ἀλλήλοις) ὡς τῶν συμβεβηκότων σφίσιν αἰτίοις 
γεγονόσι, Διαίου ὅτιϊ μάλιστα τοῦ στρατηγοῦ 
αὐτοὺς ἐνάγοντος. καὶ τῶν γε Ῥωμαίων καταλ- 
λακτὰς αὐτοῖς πολλάκις πεμψάντων οὐκ ἐπεί- 
σθησαν, ἀλλὰ καὶ τοὺς πρέσβεις, ods ἐκεῖνοι 

/ > dell 3 / “ > tq 
διασπάσαι πῃ τὸ ᾿Ιδλληνικόν, ὅπως ἀσθενέστεροι 
5 > é Μ “ Ν \ al 
ὦσιν, ἐθελήσαντες ἔπεμψαν, πρόφασιν τὸ μὴ δεῖν 

\ “ \ a / / Ls \ 
Tas πόλεις τὰς τοῦ Φιλίππου γενομένας, ὧν Kal 
Κόρινθος ἣν ἔς τε τὰ ἄλλα ἀνθοῦσα καὶ ἐν τῷ 
συνεδρίῳ κρατιστεύουσα, μετέχειν αὐτοῦ ποιησά- 


Zonaras 9, 31. 


7 a ὃ / \ / θ ὃ / 

χρήσαντο, χαλεπῶς διέκειντο Kal πένθος δημόσιον 

nA , fal \ 

ἐποιήσαντο, τοῖς Te τὰ Ῥωμαίων φρονοῦσι παρὰ 
“ / 

σφίσιν ὠργίζοντο, οὐ μέντοι Kal πολέμιον τι 

ἐπεδείξαντο, μέχρις οὗ τοὺς περιλιπεῖς τῶν 
a / \ / 

ἀνδρῶν ἐκείνων ἐκομίσαντο. τότε δὲ διενεχθέντες 
e \ / 

ἀλλήλοις οἵ τ᾽ ἠδικημένοι καὶ οἱ TA ἀλλότρια 

» \ a a 

ἔχοντες ἐπολέμησαν. ἤρξαντο δὲ τῆς διαφορᾶς 

δε / an ὔ 5 “Ὁ ς 

οἱ ᾿Αχαιοί, τοῖς Λακεδαιμονίοις ἐγκαλοῦντες ὡς 
a a \ a € 

αἰτίοις τῶν συμβεβηκότων αὐτοῖς" καὶ τῶν Po- 

/ \ > al / > > ’ 

μαίων διαλλακτὰς αὐτοῖς στειλάντων οὐκ ἐπεί- 
4 / 

σθησαν, ἀλλὰ πρὸς πόλεμον ὥρμησαν, Κριτόλαον 

5 e / x 

προστησάμενοι. δείσας οὖν ὁ Μεέτελλος μὴ 


1 Διαίου ὅτι Reim., διάγουσι(ν) Mss. 
400 


BOOK ΧΧΙῚ 


The Achaeans began the quarrel, accusing the 
Lacedaemonians, with whom they were at variance, 
of having been the cause of their misfortunes ; in this 
they were especially encouraged by Diaeus, the 
general. And although the Romans repeatedly sent 
mediators to them, they paid no heed; in fact they 
came very near slaying the envoys whom the Romans 
next sent to them. The ostensible mission of these 
envoys was to insist that the cities which had belonged 
to Philip, including Corinth,—in other respects a 
flourishing city and in addition the leader in the 
congress,—should not take part in that body; yet 
in reality it was their desire to disrupt the Greek 
alliance in some manner, so that the members might 


Zonaras 9, 31, 


returning to their homes, made away with themselves. 
The Greeks were greatly distressed at this and 
made it a matter of public lamentation, besides show- 
ing anger toward any persons dwelling among them 
who favoured the Roman cause ; yet they displayed 
no open signs of hostility until they got back the 
survivors among their hostages. Then those who 
had been wronged and those who had obtained a 
hold upon the goods of others fell into strife with 
one another and went to war. The Achaeans began 
the quarrel, accusing the Lacedaemonians of being the 
cause of their misfortunes. And although the Romans 
sent mediators to them, they paid no heed, but 
rather set their faces toward war, appointing Critolaus 
as their leader. Metellus was consequently afraid that 


401 
VOL. II. DD 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


2 μενοι, map ὀλίγον ἦλθον ἀποκτεῖναι. φυγῇ δ᾽ 
> 1 > A , we Ὁ / > 
ovv' αὐτῶν ἐκ τοῦ ᾿Ακροκορίνθου, ἐν ᾧ ἦσαν, 
προαποχωρησάντων ἐπρεσβεύσαντο μὲν ἐς τὴν 
“Ῥώμην, ἀπολογούμενοι ὑπὲρ τοῦ γεγονότος" οὐ 

\ SES. 5m / 3 5, εν \ / 

yap ἐπ᾽ ἐκείνους, ἀλλ’ ἐπὶ τοὺς Λακεδαιμονίους 
Cal ¢ Ἂ ἴω 
τοὺς μετ᾽ αὐτῶν ὄντας ὁρμῆσαι ἔφασκον. τῶν δὲ 
« ,ὔ \ \ an > lal > / 
Ῥωμαίων τὴν μὲν σκῆψιν αὐτῶν οὐκ ἐλεγξάντων 
n \ / 
(rots τε yap Καρχηδονίοις ἔτι ἐπολέμουν, καὶ τὰ 
τῶν Μακεδόνων οὐδέπω καλῶς βέβαια εἶχον), 
¥ δ δὲ ΄ δ᾽ a ὩΣ ΗΝ αὶ 
ἄνδρας δὲ στειλάντων,Σ καὶ τὴν ἄδειαν αὐτοῖς, ἂν 
μηδὲν ἔτι νεωτερίσωσι, δώσειν ὑποσχομένων, τὸ 

͵7ὔ > a b] / 3 ᾽ > Ψ 
συνέδριον αὐτοῖς οὐ παρέσχον, ἀλλ᾽ ἐς ἕτερόν 
σφας σύλλογον, ὃς μεθ’ ἕκμηνον ὃ ἔμελλεν 
ἔσεσθαι, ἀνεβάλοντο.---" 8 (p. 384). 

Zonaras 9, 31. 

καὶ τῆς Μακεδονίας ἅψωνται. (ἤδη γὰρ εἰς τὴν 
Θεσσαλίαν παρῆλθον), προαπήντησεν αὐτοῖς καὶ 
ἐτρέψατο. 

Καὶ τοῦ Κριτολάου πεσόντος διχῇ διήρητο 
τὸ Ἑλληνικόν. οἱ μὲν γὰρ πρὸς εἰρήνην ἀπέ- 
κλιναν καὶ τὰ ὅπλα κατέθεντο, οἱ δὲ καὶ ἔτι 

A Ἂς 
ἐστασίαζον τῷ Διαίῳ τὰ πράγματα ἐπιτρέψαντες. 
ἃ μαθόντες οἱ ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ ἐπ᾽ αὐτοὺς τὸν 
Μόμμιον ἔπεμψαν, ὃς τὸν μὲν Μέτελλον ἀπήλ- 
Nakev, αὐτὸς δὲ τοῦ πολέμου εἴχετο. καί τινα 
πληγὴν μέρει τῆς στρατιᾶς λαβὼν ἐξ ἐνέδρας, 
τοῦ Διαίου καταδιώξαντος μέχρι τοῦ σφῶν 
στρατοπέδου τοὺς φεύγοντας, ἀντεπεξῆλθε, καὶ 


1 δ᾽ οὖν Bk., δοῦναι Mss. 3 στειλάντων Leuncl., στείλαντες Mss. 
3 μεθ᾽ ἕκμηνον Leuncl., μεθέγμιον Mss. 


402 


BOOK ΧΧΙ 

be weaker. Whenthe envoys had made their escape 
by flight from Acrocorinth, where they had been, 
the Greeks sent an embassy to Rome to offer 
explanations for what had occurred. It was not 
against Rome’s representatives, they claimed, but 
against the Lacedaemonians who were with them 
that the attack had been made. The Romans, still 
occupied as they were with the war against the 
Carthaginians, and not as yet in firm control of the 
Macedonian situation, did not refute their plea, but 
sent out men,! and promised them pardon in case 
they would refrain from further disturbances. Yet 
these men were not given a hearing by the congress, 
but were put off until the next meeting, which was 
to occur six months later. 


Zonaras 9, 31. 
they might lay hands also on Macedonia, since they 
had already appeared in Thessaly ; and so he went to 
meet them and routed them. 

At the fall of Critolaus the Greek world was split 
asunder. Some of them inclined to peace and laid 
down their weapons, whereas others committed 
their interests to Diaeus and continued their strife. 
On learning this the people at Rome sent against 
them Mummius, who relieved Metellus and himself 
took charge of the war. When part of his army 
sustained a slight reverse through an ambuscade 
and Diaeus pursued the fugitives up to their own 
camp, Mummius sallied forth against him, routed him, 


1 Tt is possible that a numeral modifying ‘‘men” has 


dropped out ; Reiske suggested ἄνδρας δὲ δέκα (‘‘ ten men”). 
403 
DD 2 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 31. 


τρεψάμενος αὐτὸν πρὸς τὸ τῶν ᾿Αχαιῶν ἦλθε 
χαράκωμα. ἀθροίσας δὲ δύναμιν ὁ 0 “Δίαιος πλείονα 
συμβαλεῖν αὐτοῖς ἐπεχείρησεν. ὡς δ᾽ οὐκ ἀντ- 
εξώρμησαν οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι, κατεφρόνησεν αὐτῶν, 
καὶ ἐς τὸ μέσον τῶν στρατοπέδων κοῖλον ὃν 
προῆλθεν. ἰδὼν οὖν τοῦθ᾽ ὁ ,Μόμμιος, τῶν 
ἱππέων τινὰς λάθρᾳ ἔπεμψεν, ἵν᾿ ἐκ πλαγίου 
αὐτοῖς ἐπιγένωνται. καὶ ἐπεὶ ἐκεῖνοι προσβα- 
λόντες αὐτοὺς συνετάραξαν, ἐ ἐπήγαγε τὴν φάλαγγα 
κατὰ πρόσωπον, καὶ πολλοὺς ἐφόνευσεν. ἐκ δὲ 
τούτου Δίαιος μὲν ἀπογνοὺς ἑαυτὸν ἀπέκτεινε, τῶν 
δ᾽ ἐκ τῆς μάχης περισωθέντων οἱ μὲν Κορίνθιοι 
κατὰ τὴν χώραν ἐσκεδάσθησαν, οἱ δ᾽ ἄλλοι οἴκαδε 
ἔφυγον. ὅθεν καὶ οἱ ἐν τῷ τείχει Κορίνθιοι 
πάντας ἀπολωλέναι νομίσαντες ἐξέλιπον τὴν 
πόλιν" καὶ κενὴν αὐτὴν ἀνδρῶν ὁ Μόμμιος ἔλαβε. 
καὶ μετὰ ταῦτα κἀκείνους καὶ τοὺς ἄλλους 
“Ἕλληνας ἀπόνως προσεποιήσατο. καὶ τότε μὲν 
τά τε ὅπλα αὐτῶν καὶ ὅσα πρὸς τοῖς ἱεροῖς 
ἀνέκειντο καὶ τοὺς “ἀνδριάντας τάς τε γραφὰς 
καὶ εἴ τι ἄλλο πρὸς κόσμον εἶχον παρείλετο, 
πεμφθέντων δέ οἱ τοῦ τε πατρὸς καὶ ἄλλων 
ἐπὶ καταστάσει τῶν ἁλόντων, τείχη τέ τινων 
περιεῖλε, καὶ ἐλευθέρους πάντας καὶ αὐτονόμους 
πλὴν TOV Κορινθίων ἀφῆκε. τῆς δὲ Κορίνθου 
τούς τε οἰκήτορας ἀπέδοτο καὶ τὴν χώραν ἐδη- 
μοσίωσε, τά τε τείχη καὶ τὰ ἄχλα οἰκοδομήματα 
πάντα “κατέσκαψε, φοβηθεὶς μὴ καὶ αὖθίς τινες 
πρὸς αὐτὴν οἷα μεγίστην συστῶσιν. ἵνα δὲ μήτε 
τις ἐκείνων λάθη μήτε τῶν λοιπῶν τις “Ἑλλήνων 
πραθῇ ὡς Κορίνθιος, συνεκάλεσε, πρὶν ἐκφῆναι 


404 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧΙ 


Zonaras 9, 31. 


and followed to the Achaean entrenchments. Diaeus 
now gathered a larger force and undertook to give 
battle to them, but, as the Romans did not come 
out against them, he conceived a contempt for 
them and advanced into the valley lying between 
the camps. Mummius, seeing this, secretly sent 
horsemen to assail them on the flank. After these 
had attacked and thrown the enemy into confusion, 
he brought up the phalanx in front and caused 
considerable slaughter. Thereupon Diaeus killed 
himself in despair, and of the survivors of the battle 
the Corinthians were scattered over the country, 
while the rest fled to their homes. Hence the 
Corinthians within the wall, believing that all 
their citizens had been lost, abandoned the 
city, and it was empty of men when Mummius took 
it. After that he won over without trouble both 
that people and the rest of the Greeks. He now 
took possession of their arms, all the offerings that 
were consecrated in their temples, the statues, paint- 
ings, and whatever other ornaments they had; and 
as soon as his father and some other men were sent 
out to arrange terms for the vanquished, he caused 
the walls of some of the cities to be torn down 
and declared them all to be free and independent 
except the Corinthians. As for Corinth, he sold the 
inhabitants, confiscated the land, and demolished 
the walls and all the buildings, out of fear that 
some states might again unite with it as the largest 
city. To prevent any of them from remaining 
concealed and any of the other Greeks from being 
sold as Corinthians he assembled all those present 
before disclosing his purpose, and after causing his 


405 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Zonaras 9, 31. 


TO ποιητέον, πάντας τοὺς παρόντας, καὶ αὐτοὺς 
ἀφανῶς πως τοῖς στρατιώταις ἐγκυκλωσάμενος 
ἐκήρυξε τήν τε τῶν ἄλλων ἐλευθερίαν καὶ τὴν 
τῶν Κορινθίων δούλωσιν. ἔπειτα προσέταξε 
πᾶσι τῶν παρεστηκότων σφίσι λαβέσθαι, καὶ 
οὕτω σαφῆ τὴν διάκρισιν αὐτῶν ἐποιήσατο. 

Kal ἡ μὲν Κόρινθος οὕτως ἀνάστατος γέγονε, 
τὸ δ᾽ ἄλλο Ἑλληνικὸν παραχρῆμα μὲν καὶ 
σφαγαῖς καὶ χρημάτων ἐκλογαῖς ἐκακώθη, ἔ ἔπειτα 
ἔν τε ἀδείᾳ καὶ ἐν εὐδαιμονίᾳ τοσαύτῃ ἐγένετο 
ὥστε “λέγειν ὅτι, εἰ μὴ θᾶττον ἑαλώκεισαν, οὐκ 
ἂν ἐσέσωντο. 

Ἢ μὲν οὖν Καρχηδὼν ἥ i) τε Κόρινθος αἱ ἀρχαῖαι 
ἐκεῖναι τοῦτο τέλος ἅμα ἔσχον, χρόνῳ δὲ πολλῷ 
ὕστερον ἀποικίαν Ῥωμαίων λαβοῦσαι ἤνθησαν 
αὖθις καὶ εἰς τὴν παλαιὰν ἐπανῆλθον κατάστασιν. 


406 


BOOK ΧΧΙ 


Zonaras 9, 31. 


soldiers to surround them in such a way as not to 
attract notice, he proclaimed the freedom of all 
except the Corinthians and the enslavement of these ; 
then, instructing them all to lay hold of those stand- 
ing beside them he was able to make an accurate 
distinction between them. 

Thus was Corinth overthrown. The rest of the 
Greek world suffered momentarily from massacres 
and levies of money, but afterward came to enjoy 
such immunity and prosperity that they used to. say 
that if they had not been captured promptly, they 
could not have been saved. 

So this end simultaneously befell Carthage and 
Corinth, those ancient cities; but at a much later 
date they received colonies of Romans, became 
again flourishing, and regained their original 
position, 


407 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XXII 


/ 4 / 
73 “Ore Οὐιρίαθος ἀνὴρ Avottavos, ἀφανέστατος 
\ / “ / al / 
μὲν γένος ὥς γέ τισι δοκεῖ ὦν, περιβοητότατα 
\ tal , 
δὲ ταῖς πράξεσι χρησάμενος, λῃστής τε γέγονεν ἢ 
/ \ a 
ἐκ ποιμένος, καὶ μετὰ τοῦτο Kal στρατηγός. 
> / ἣν \ δ. / \ “ / 
ἐπεφύκει yap Kal ἤσκητο τάχιστος μὲν διῶξαί 
al / 
τε Kal φυγεῖν, ἰσχυρότατος δὲ ἐν σταδίᾳ μάχῃ 
2 εἶναι: καὶ τήν τε τροφὴν τὴν ἀεὶ παροῦσαν καὶ 
\ \ \ \ “ ff. 
TO ποτὸν TO προστυχὸν ἥδιστα ἐλάμβανεν, 
ς , / \ 4 a / / n 
ὑπαίθριός τε τὸν πλείω TOD βίου χρόνον διῃτᾶτο, 
καὶ ταῖς αὐτοφυέσι στρωμναῖς ἠρκεῖτο. καὶ 
a \ \ 
διὰ ταῦτα παντὸς μὲν καύματος, παντὸς δὲ 
, 7, 3 \ VAS. 8.5 a 
ψύχους κρείσσων ἣν, καὶ οὔθ᾽ ὑπὸ λιμοῦ ποτε 
> / 9} Δ᾽ ς \ 4 \ > 7 » 
ἐπόνησεν οὔθ᾽ ὑπὸ ἄλλης τινὸς ἀκηδίας ἐτα- 
, A / 
λαιπώρησεν, ἅτε καὶ πάντων τῶν ἀναγκαίων ἐκ 
A / 
τῶν ἀεὶ παρόντων ὡς Kal ἀρίστων ἀπολαύων 
2 a a , \ 
3 ἱκανώτατα. τοιούτου δ᾽ αὐτῷ τοῦ σώματος καὶ 
a a \ 
ἐκ τῆς φύσεως Kal ἐκ τῆς ἀσκήσεως ὄντος, πολὺ 
A a a a / : Ἂ * 
ταῖς " τῆς ψυχῆς ἀρεταῖς ὑπερέφερε. ταχὺς μὲν 
γὰρ πᾶν τὸ δέον ἐπινοῆσαι καὶ ποιῆσαι ἣν 
/ \ ἈΝ 
(τό τε γὰρ πρακτέον ἅμα ἐγίγνωσκε, καὶ τὸν 
\ > Ἂ 3 / ὃ \ δὲ: / > 
καιρὸν αὐτοῦ ἠπίστατο), δεινὸς δὲ ὁ τά τε ἐμφα- 


1 γέγονεν Rk., yap Ms. 2 rats Val., és cod. 
3 ἐπινοῆσαι Bs., ἐκνοῆσαι Ms, 4 δὲ Rk., yap Mss. 
408 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XXII 


ViriaTHus was a Lusitanian, of very obscure origin, 
as some think, who gained great renown through his 
deeds, since from a shepherd he became a robber and 
later on also a general. He was naturally adapted 
and had also trained himself to be very swift both in 
pursuit and in flight, and of powerful endurance in a 
hand-to-hand conflict. He was glad enough to get any 
food that came to hand and whatever drink fell to his 
lot ; most of his life he lived under the open sky and 
was satisfied with nature’s bedding. Consequently 
he was superior to any heat or cold, and was never 
either troubled by hunger or annoyed by any other 
privation ; for he found full satisfaction for all his needs 
in whatever he had at hand, as if it were the very best. 
And yet, possessed of such a physique, as the result 
both of nature and training, he excelled still more 
in his mental powers. He was swift to plan and 
accomplish whatever was needful, for he not only 
knew what must be done, but also understood the 
proper occasion for it; and he was equally clever at 


409 


DIO’'S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ a 
νέστατα ἀγνοεῖν Kal Ta ἀφανέστατα εἰδέναι 
προσποιήσασθαι. πρὸς δ᾽ ἔτει καὶ στρατηγὸς 
καὶ ὑπηρέτης αὐτὸς ἑαυτοῦ ἐς πάντα ὁμοίως 
γιγνόμενος, οὔτε ταπεινὸς οὔτε ἐπαχθὴς ἑωρᾶτο, 
ἀλλ᾽ οὕτω πρός τε τὴν τοῦ γένους ἀσθένειαν 
καὶ πρὸς τὴν τῆς ἰσχύος ἀξίωσιν ἐκέκρατο ὥστε 

7 / a 
μήτε χείρων τινὸς μήτε κρείσσων δοκεῖν εἶναι. 
τό τε σύμπαν εἰπεῖν, οὔτε πλεονεξίας οὔτε 

a \ 
δυναστείας ἢ καὶ ὀργῆς ἕνεκα τὸν πόλεμον, 
> \ 5 > »s SE > ma 3 a > rd 
ἀλλὰ Ov αὐτὰ τὰ ἔργα αὐτοῦ ἐποιεῖτο, κἀκ τούτου 
τὰ μάλιστα καὶ φιλοπόλεμος καὶ εὐπόλεμος 
ς 

"Ore ὁ Κλαύδιος ὁ συνάρχων Μετέλλου, πρός 
τε τὸ γένος ' ὠγκωμένος καὶ τῷ Μετέλλῳ φθονῶν, 
” > aA? / \ ” \ / 
ἔτυχεν ἐν TH Ἰταλίᾳ λαχὼν ἀρχειν, καὶ πολέμιον 
οὐδὲν ἀποδεδειγμένον εἶχε, καὶ ἐπεθύμησε πάντως 

\ 3 , / a \ UA 

τινὰ ἐπινικίων πρόφασιν λαβεῖν, καὶ Σαλάσσους 
Γαλάτας μὴ ἐγκαλουμένους τι ἐξεπολέμωσε 

a ¢€ / > / \ ς / 
τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις. ἐπέμφθη yap ὡς συμβιβάσων 
αὐτοὺς τοῖς ὁμοχώροις περὶ τοῦ ὕδατος τοῦ ἐς 
τὰ χρυσεῖα ἀναγκαίου διαφερομένοις αὐτοῖς," 
καὶ τήν τε χώραν αὐτῶν πᾶσαν κατέδραμεν . .. 
» Ν > a δ δ a > a / «ς / 
ἔπεμψαν δὲ αὐτῷ οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι ἐκ τῶν δέκα ἱερέων 
δύο.----. 63 (p. 617). 

Ὅτι Κλαύδιος, εἰ καὶ Ta μάλιστα ἀκριβῶς 
> / 4 > > / > > iD / 
ἠπίστατο OTL οὐκ ἐνενικήκει, ἀλλ’ οὖν καὶ τότε 


1 γένος Val., γεγονὼς Ms. 
2 διαφερομένοις αὐτοῖς Kuiper, διαφερομένους αὐτοὺς Ms. 


410 


——— ΌΨΟΝΝΝΙΝ 


BOOK XXII 


feigning ignorance of the most obvious facts and 
knowledge of the most hidden secrets. Further- 
more, he was not only general but his own assistant 
as well in every undertaking, and was seen to 
be neither humble nor overbearing ; indeed, in him 
obscurity of family and reputation for strength were 
so combined that he seemed to be neither inferior 
nor superior to any one. And, in fine, he carried on 
the war not for the sake of personal gain or power 
nor through anger, but for the sake of warlike deeds 
in themselves; hence he was accounted at once a 
lover of war and a master of war. 

Claudius, the colleague of Metellus, impelled by 
pride of birth and jealousy of Metellus, since he had 
chanced to draw Italy as his province, where no 
enemy was assigned to him, was eager to secure by 
any means some pretext for a triumph ; hence he set 
the Salassi, a Gallic tribe, at war with the Romans, 
although no complaints were being made against 
them. For he had been sent to reconcile them with 
their neighbours who were quarrelling with them 
about the water necessary for the gold mines, and 
he overran their entire country ... the Romans 
sent him two of the ten priests. 

Claudius, even though he realised perfectly well 
that he had won no victory, nevertheless even then 


411 


B.C. 148 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


7 τ / ᾽ 7 4 θ᾽ ε \ \ 
τοσαύτῃ ὑπερηφανίᾳ ἐχρήσατο wa ὑπέρ μὲν 
lal bd / / / / > fal a 
τῶν ἐπινικίων μηδένα λόγον μήτε ἐν τῇ βουλῇ 
μήτε ἐν τῷ δήμῳ ποιήσασθαι, καθάπερ δὲ 
ε ’ £ / > Lal A / 
UTAPXOVT@V OL πάντως αὐτῶν κἂν μηδεὶς ψηφί- 
\ > 9 \ > ’ > A 
ONTAL, TA ἐς αὐτὰ ἀναλώματα aiTynoar.—V. 64 
(p. 617). | 
76 “Ore Μόμμιος! καὶ ὁ ᾿Αφρικανὸς παμπληθὲς 
᾽ 7 a / > 4 / « \ 
ἀλλήλων τοῖς τρόποις ἐς πάντα διέφερον. ὁ μὲν 
\ / 
γὰρ ἐπί τε τὸ σωφρονέστατον καὶ μετὰ ἀκριβείας, 
\ \ lal 3 \ \ 
μηδενὸς μηδὲν προτιμῶν, ἤρξεν, καὶ πολλοὺς 
\ » a a Χ δὲ ὶ > a e / 
μὲν ἐκ τῆς βουλῆς, πολλοὺς δὲ καὶ ἐκ τῶν ἱππέων 
a ” ς ς ΄ 7 ς \ \ 
τῶν TE ἄλλων ὡς ἑκάστους εὔθυνεν: ὃ δὲ δὴ 
/ ΄ Ν Α͂ \ 04 
Μόμμιος πρός τε τὸ δημοτικώτερον καὶ πρὸς 
΄ of τῖν ’ - 
τὸ ἀνθρωπινώτερον οὔτ᾽ αὐτός τινι κηλῖδα προσ- 
lal » 
έθηκε, καὶ συχνὰ τῶν ὑπ᾽ ἐκείνου πραχθέντων, 
2 ὅσα γε καὶ ἐνεδέχετο, κατέλυσεν. ἐς τοσοῦτον 
γὰρ ἐπιεικείας φύσει προήκων ἣν ὥστε καὶ τῷ 
a / A al 
Λουκούλλῳ χρῆσαί τε ἀγάλματα πρὸς τὴν τοῦ 
Τυχαίου, ὃ ἐκ τοῦ Ἰβηρικοῦ πολέμου κατε- 
΄ 4 \ \ 4 SN 
σκεύασε, καθιέρωσιν, καὶ μὴ βουληθέντος αὐτὰ 
ὡς καὶ ἱερὰ ἐκ τῆς ἀναθέσεως γεγονότα ἀποδοῦναι 
’ > \ 7 > "s \ [οἱ ’ , 
μηδεμίαν ὀργὴν ποιήσασθαι, ἀλλ᾽ ἐπὶ τῷ ἐκείνου 
ὀνόματι τὰ ἑαυτοῦ λάφυρα περιιδεῖν ἀνακείμενα. 
—V. 65 (p. 618). 
77 Ὅτι πολλὰ καὶ ἐσφάλη καὶ αἰσχύνην δεινὴν 
ὁ \ a A 
ὠφλεν: ποταμὸν γάρ τινα διὰ τῆς τῶν Nov- 
μαντίνων χώρας ῥέοντα βουληθεὶς ἐκ τῆς ἀρχαίας 
1 Μόμμιος Val., κλαύδιος Ms. 
412 


BOOK XXII 


displayed such arrogance as not to say a word in 
either the senate or the assembly about the triumph ; 
but acting as if it belonged to him in any case, even 
if no one should vote to that effect, he asked for the 
necessary funds. 

As regards their characters, Mummius and Afri- 
canus were utterly different from each other in every 
respect. The latter performed his official duties [as 
censor] with the strictest integrity and with im- 
partiality, not esteeming one person above another; 
indeed, he called to account many of the senators 
and many of the knights, as well as other individuals. 
Mummius, on the other hand, was more popular in 
his sympathies and more charitable; he not only 
attached no stigma himself to any one, but he even 
undid many of the acts of Africanus, whenever it 
was possible. In fact, he was of such an amiable 
nature that he even lent some statues to Lucullus 
for the consecration of the temple of Felicitas 
(which he had built from the booty gained in the 
Spanish war), and then, when that general was 
unwilling to return them on the ground that they 
had become sacred as a result of the dedication, he 
showed no anger, but permitted his own spoils to 
lie there offered up in the other’s name. 

{ Pompeius]alsoreceived many setbacksand incurred 
great disgrace. There was a river flowing through 
the country of the Numantines that he wished to 


413 


B.c. 142 


B.C, 142 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ a 
διεξόδου παρατρέψαι,; ἐπὶ δὲ τοὺς ἀγροὺς αὐτῶν 
a a \ lal 
ἐφεῖναι, τοῦτο μὲν ἰσχυρῶς πονηθεὶς ἐξειργάσατο, 
πολλοὺς δὲ στρατιώτας ἀποβαλὼν οὔτε τοῖς 
ς 7 ᾽ fel an 
Ρωμαίοις ὄφελος ἐκ τῆς παρεκτροπῆς γενέσθαι 
οὔτε ἐκείνοις βλάβος .. . .—V. 66 (p. 618). 
v4 / 
Ore Καιπίων " τοὺς μὲν πολεμίους οὐδὲν ὅ τι 
\ 7 > a \ \ > / \ \ 
καὶ ἄξιον εἰπεῖν, τοὺς δὲ οἰκείους πολλὰ Kal 
\ na “ 
δεινὰ ἔδρασεν, ὥστε καὶ κινδυνεῦσαι ὑπ᾽ αὐτῶν 
ἀπολέσθαι. χαλεπῶς τε γὰρ αὐτοῦ καὶ τραχέως 
a \ a al 
τοῖς τε ἄλλοις καὶ μάλιστα τοῖς ἱππεῦσι χρω- 
, \ \ > ea a \ 4 
μένου, πολλοὶ πολλὰ καὶ ἄτοπα ταῖς νυξὶν OTL 
/ ὃ / \ ὃ / \ x7? Νὶ 
μάλιστα διέσκωπτον καὶ διεθρόουν, καὶ ἐφ᾽ ὅσον 
γε ἐκεῖνος διὰ τοῦτ᾽ ἠγανάκτει, ἐπὶ πλεῖον ἐτώ- 
Ὡ / , 
θαζον, ὅπως ἐξοργίζοιτο. ὡς οὖν TO πραττόμενον 
»᾽ Θ e / \ > \ ς / \ 4 
ἔνδηλον ἦν, ὑπεύθυνος δὲ οὐδεὶς εὑρίσκετο, ὑπο- 
a / 7 
τοπήσας ὑπὸ τῶν ἱππέων αὐτὸ γίγνεσθαι, καὶ 
> »>Q/ / \ \ s ¥ A 
ἐς οὐδένα τρέψαι δυνηθεὶς τὴν αἰτίαν, πᾶσιν 
αὐτοῖς τὴν ὀργὴν ἔφερεν, καὶ ἐκέλευσεν αὐτοὺς 
Υ͂ Ν 3 ς 
ἑξακοσίους ὄντας τὸν ποταμόν, Tap ᾧ ἐστρα- 
\ / e , A 
τοπεδεύοντο, META μόνων ἱπποκόμων διαβῆναι, 
καὶ ἐκ τοῦ ὄρους ἐφ᾽ ᾧ ὁ Οὐιρίαθος ηὐλίζετο 
ὶ ἐκ τοῦ ὄρους ᾧ ὁ Οὐιρίαθος ἡ 
ξυλίσασθαι. προύπτου δὲ δὴ τοῦ κινδύνου πᾶσιν 
ὄντος, οἱ χιλίαρχοι καὶ οἱ ὑποστράτηγοι ἐδέοντο 
an ϑᾳ / 
αὐτοῦ "μὴ ἀπολέσαι σφᾶς. οἱ δὲ ἱππῆς ὀλίγον 
ἐπισχόντες ὡς καὶ ἐκείνων αὐτοῦ ἀκούσοντος, 
ἐπειδὴ μηδὲν ἐνεδίδου, ἑ ἱκετεῦσαι μὲν αὐτὸν ἀπη- 
ξίωσαν, οὗπερ που καὶ τὰ μάλιστα ἐγλίχετο, 
διολέσθαι δὲ μᾶλλον ἤ τι ἐπιεικὲς φθέγξασθαι 
1 παρατρέψαι Val., παραστρέψαι Ms. 
2 Καιπίων Val., καπίων Ms. 


414 


ἐτωον. Oe Bite bee aie σ΄ ὦ 


BOOK XXII 


_ turn aside from its ancient channel and let in upon 
their fields, and after tremendous exertions he accom- 
plished this ; but he lest many soldiers, and no ad- 
vantage from turning it aside came to the Romans, 
nor yet any harm to the enemy .. . 

Caepio accomplished nothing worthy of mention 
against the foe, but visited many injuries upon his 
own men, so that he even came near being killed 
by them. For he treated them all, and especially 
the cavalry, with such harshness and cruelty that a 
great number of unseemly jokes and stories were 
told about him during the nights; and the more 
he grew vexed at it, the more they jested in the 
endeavour to infuriate him. When it became known 
what was going on and no one could be found 
guilty,—though he suspected it was the doing of the 
cavalry,—since he could not fix the responsibility 
upon anybody, he turned his anger against them all, 
and he commanded them, six hundred in number, to 
cross the river beside which they were encamped, ac- 
-companied only by their grooms, and to bring wood 
from the mountain on which Viriathus was bivouack- 
ing. The danger was manifest to all, and the tribunes 
and lieutenants begged him not to destroy them. 
The cavalry waited for a little while, thinking he 
might listen to the others, and when he would not 
yield, they scorned to entreat him, as he was most 
eager for them to do, but choosing rather to perish 
utterly than to speak a respectful word to him, they 


415 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


\ ’ \ ¢ / “ > \ / 
πρὸς αὐτὸν ἑλόμενοι ὥρμησαν ἐπὶ τὸ τεταγμένον" 
a / al 
καὶ αὐτοῖς TO τε TOV συμμάχων ἱππικὸν Kal 
ἄλλοι ἐθελονταὶ συνεξῆλθον. καὶ τόν τε ποταμὸν 
δ / 
διέβησαν, καὶ τὴν ὕλην τεμόντες περὶ τὸ oTpa- 
τήγιον αὐτοῦ παρενέβαλον ὡς καὶ καταπρήσοντες 
ON 4 A / > \ 4 
αὐτόν. κἂν κατεκαύθη, εἰ μὴ προεξέφυγεν.---. 67 
(p. 618). 
/ 
75 “Ore ἸΠοπίλιος οὕτω κατεφόβησε τὸν Οὐιρίαθον 
ὥστε καὶ ὑπὲρ σπονδῶν οἱ εὐθύς, πρὶν καὶ μάχης 
/ 
τινὸς πειραθῆναι, προσπέμψαι, τούς τε κορυ- 
a \ fal ς 
φαίους τῶν ἀποστάντων! ἀπὸ τῶν Ῥωμαίων 
ἐξαιτηθέντα τοὺς μὲν ἀποκτεῖναι, ἐν οἷς καὶ ὁ 
> na 4 
κηδεστὴς αὐτοῦ, καίπερ ἰδίαν δύναμιν ἔχων, 
> / A. \ \ > n 2 / 
ἐφονεύθη, tos δὲ Kal ἐκδοῦναι, ὧν πάντων 
ὁ ὕπατος τὰς χεῖρας. ἀπέκοψε. κἂν παντελῶς 
4 ? \ \ \ “ 2 7 fa) 
κατελύσατο, εἰ μὴ Kal τὰ ὅπλα THON: τοῦτο 
\ ee 2 τ τ᾽, » x \ nO ς 4 
γὰρ οὔτ᾽ αὐτὸς οὔτε τὸ λοιπὸν πλῆθος ὑπέμεινε 
ποιῆσαι.3----175 17 (p. 383). 


1 ἀποστάντων Leuncl., ἀποστατῶν Mss. 
2 αὐτοῦ Leuncl., αὐτοῦ ἣν Ms. 
3 ὑπέμεινε ποιῆσαι Polak, ὑπομεῖναι ἐποίησεν Mss. 


416 . 


BOOK XXII 


set out on the appointed mission. And the horse- 
men of the allies and other volunteers accompanied 
them. They crossed the river, cut the wood, and 
piled it in all around the general’s quarters, intending 
to burn him to death. And he would have perished 
in the flames, if he had not fled away in time. 

Popilius so terrified Viriathus that the latter im- 
mediately sent to him in regard to peace before they 
had made any trial of battle at all, killed some of the 
leaders of the rebels whose surrender had been de- 
manded by the Romans (among these his son-in- 
law, though commanding his own force, was slain) 
and delivered up the rest, all of whom had their 
hands cut off by the consul’s order. And he would 
have agreed to a complete truce, if their weapons had 
not also been demanded ; with this condition neither 
he nor the rest of the soldiers would comply. 


417 
VOL. If. EE 


B.C. 139 


79 


3 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XXIII 


/ 7 ΝΜ Ὸ 
"Ort ἐλθόντων Νουμαντίνων πρέσβεων οἱ Ῥω- 
a ” “ 7, 50. ἡ > / “ \ 
patio. ἔξω τοῦ τείχους ἐδέξαντο αὐτούς, ἵνα μὴ 
\ a > bd \ δὰ δό 
καὶ βεβαιοῦν ἐκ τούτου τὰς σπονδὰς δόξωσι. 
/ ἃ 
ξένια μέντοι σφίσι καὶ ὡς ἐξέπεμψαν, μὴ βουλη- 
θέντες πω τὴν ἐλπίδα αὐτῶν ὡς καὶ συναλλαγη- 
\ \ 
σομένων ἀφελέσθαι. ἔλεγον δὲ οἱ μὲμ περὶ τὸν 
Μαγκῖνον τήν τε ἀνάγκην τῶν ὡμολογημένων 
a na » 
καὶ τὸ πλῆθος τῶν σεσωσμένων, ὅτι τε πάνθ᾽ ὅσα 
καὶ πρότερον ἐν τῇ ᾿Ιβηρίᾳ ἐκέκτηντο εἶχον" 
ἠξίουν τ᾽ αὐτοὺς μὴ πρὸς τὴν παροῦσάν σφων 
ἄδειαν ἀλλὰ πρὸς τὸν τότε περιστάντα τοὺς 
/ , > , ᾽ Ὁ“ »” 
στρατιώτας κίνδυνον ἐκλογίζεσθαι οὐχ ὅσα ἔδει 
/ > > Ψ 5 δέ On e δὲ 
γεγονέναι, ANN ὁσα ἐνεδέχετο πραχθῆναι. οἱ δὲ 
Νουμαντῖνοι πολλὰ μὲν περὶ τῆς προτέρας σφῶν 
> » \ > / \ \ \ \ an > / 
ἐς αὐτοὺς εὐνοίας, πολλὰ δὲ Kal περὶ τῆς ἐκείνων 
\ n ᾽ / ς > @ > \ / / 
μετὰ ταῦτα ἀδικίας, Ud’ ἧς ἐς τὸν πόλεμον KaTE- 
a / / 
στησαν, τήν τε τοῦ Πομπηίου ψευδορκίαν προ- 
/ \ a A / \ a ” 
épepov, καὶ τῆς Tov Μαγκίνου καὶ τῶν ἄλλων 
σωτηρίας εὐεργεσίαν ἀπήτουν. καὶ τὰς σπονδὰς 
»ἢ \ x a > a a 
ἔλυσαν καὶ τὸν Μαγκῖνον ἐκδοθῆναι τοῖς Νουμαν- 
τίνοις éyvwocav.—U® 18 (p. 383) and καὶ τὸν May- 
” ° » , 
κινον---ἔἔγνωσαν Suid. s.vv. ἔγνω and Mayxuvos. 


418 


ee καλὰ. τῳ. 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XXIII 


THE Romans received the Numantine ambassadors, 8.0. 136 
on their arrival, outside the walls, in order that their 
reception might not seem to imply a ratification of 
the truce. However, they sent gifts of friendship not- 
withstanding, since they did not wish to deprive them 
as yet of the hope of coming to terms. The asso- 
ciates of Mancinus told of the necessity of the com- 
pact made and the number of the saved, and stated 
that they still held all their former possessions in 
Spain; and they besought their countrymen to look at 
the matter not in the light of their present immunity, 
but with reference to the danger that had at the 
time encompassed the soldiers, and to consider not 
what ought to have been done, but what had been 
possible. —The Numantines, for their part, had much 
to say about their previous good-will toward the 
Romans and much also about the subsequent in- 
justice of the latter, by reason of which they had 
been forced into war, and about the perjury of 
Pompeius; and they asked for kindly treatment 
in return for the preservation of Mancinus and the 
rest. But the Romans terminated the truce and 
also decided that Mancinus should be given up to 
the Numantines. 


419 


81 


82 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


"Ore ὁ Κλαύδιος πολλὰ ἂν καὶ ἄτοπα ὑπὸ 
τραχύτητος εἰργάσατο, εἰ μήπερ ὁ συνάρχων 
αὐτοῦ Kvwrtos ἐκώλυσεν. ἐπιεικὴς γὰρ ὧν καὶ 
ἐναντιωτάτην αὐτῷ φύσιν ἔχων ὀργῇ μὲν οὐδέν οἱ 
ἀντέπραξεν, ἐνδιδοὺς δέ πῃ καὶ πράως πὼς αὐτῷ 
χρώμενος οὕτως αὐτὸν μετεχειρίσατο ὥστε ἐλά- 
χίστα πικράνασθαι.---. 68 (p. 621). » 

Ψ ς / γφωῳ / > ay ¥ / 

Ore ὁ Φούριος ἐξήγαγεν ἐν τοῖς ὑποστρατήγοις 
/ 

τὸν Πομπήϊον καὶ tov Μέτελλον, καίπερ καὶ 
ε “Ὁ Ν > / ’ \ BA e @ x 
ἑαυτῷ Kal ἀλλήλοις ἐχθροὺς ὄντας, ὅπως ὡς καὶ 
» n »” a 
μέγα τι πράξων τόν τε ἔλεγχον τῶν ἔργων ἀκριβῆ 

A / a 
δι’ αὐτῶν ποιήσηται, καὶ τὴν μαρτυρίαν τῆς ἀρε- 
τῆς καὶ παρὰ ἀκόντων σφῶν λάβη.---Ν. 69 (p.621). 


420 


BOOK XXIII 


Claudius by reason of his harshness would have 
done many outrageous deeds, had he not been re- 
strained by his colleague Quintus. For the latter, 
who was amiable and possessed exactly the opposite 
temperament, did not oppose him with anger in any 
matter, but in fact occasionally yielded to him, and 
by gentle behaviour so managed him that he found 
very few opportunities for irritation. 

Furius took out among his lieutenants both 
Pompeius and Metellus, though they were hostile 
both to him and to each other; for, expecting to 
achieve some great success, he wished to have in 
them sure witnesses to his deeds and to receive the 
evidence of his prowess from their unwilling lips. 


1 Ap. Claudius Pulcher and Q. Fulvius Nobilior were 
censors in B.C. 186, 


421 


83 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XXIV 


[ἢ «ς e / A 
Ore ὁ Γράκχος ὁ Τιβέριος ἐτάραξε τὰ τῶν 
€ / / \ / > \ lal \ 
Ρωμαίων, καΐπερ καὶ γένους ἐς τὰ πρῶτα πρὸς 
\ ΄ὔ ΑΛ, > \ > / \ 7 
τὸν πάππον τὸν ᾿Αφρικανὸν ἀνήκων, καὶ φύσει 
> / » fal , / lol / »” ᾽ 
ἀξίᾳ αὐτοῦ χρώμενος, τά τε τῆς παιδείας ἔργα ἐν 
a / > / \ / / »” ὃ 
τοῖς μάλιστα ἀσκήσας, καὶ φρόνημα μέγα ἔχων: 
e \ ag N73 / ἴω 
ὅσῳ γὰρ πλείω καὶ ἰσχυρότερα ταῦτα ἐκέκτητο, 
μᾶλλον ἔς τε φιλοτιμίαν ἀπ᾽ αὐτῶν προήχθη, καὶ 
> \ Ψ " a / / \ 
ἐπειδὴ ἅπαξ ἔξω Tod βελτίστου παρετράπη, Kal 
yy > \ / > , > Ἂ \ bt ep 
ἄκων ἐς TO κάκιστον ἐξώκειλε. ἐπειδὴ γὰρ αὐτῷ 
τὰ τῶν Νουμαντίνων ἐπινίκια ἀπεψηφίσθη, καὶ 
>’ , / / Ὁ“ \ / 
αὐτός, τιμηθήσεσθαι πρότερον ἅτε Kal πρυτανεύ- 
» Ἀ 5 4 > id 4 Χ » 
σας αὐτὰ ἐλπίσας, οὐχ ὅπως τοιούτου τινὸς ἔτυχεν, 
ἀλλὰ καὶ προσεκινδύνευσεν ἐκδοθῆναι, ἔγνω καὶ 
Ν / > > 2 “62 na > \ 9. 3 ἵν ’ 
τὰ πράγματα οὐκ ἀπ᾽ ἀρετῆς οὐδὲ ἐπ᾽ ἀληθείας, 
> > « \ » > , 4 
ἀλλ᾽ ὥς που καὶ ἔτυχεν, ἐξεταζόμενα. ταύτην 


μὲν τὴν ὁδὸν τῆς δόξης ὡς οὐκ ἀσφαλῆ ἀφῆκε, 


422 


ΟΡ ΨΥ ee 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XXIV 


Tisertus Graccuus caused an upheaval of the 5.0. 133 
Roman state notwithstanding the fact that he be- 
longed to one of the foremost families through his 
grandfather, Africanus, that he possessed a natural 
endowment worthy of the latter, had received a most 
thorough course of education, and had a proud spirit. 
For in direct proportion to the number and magni- 
tude of the advantages he possessed was the allure- 
ment they offered him to follow his ambition ; and 
when once he had turned aside from what was best, 
he drifted, quite in spite of himself, into what was 
worst. It began with his being refused a triumph 4 
over the Numantines ; he had previously been hoping 
to be honoured inasmuch as he had conducted the 
negotiations, but so far from obtaining any such re- 
ward, he actually came near being delivered up. 
Then he decided that deeds were estimated not on 
the basis of worth or genuineness, but according to 
mere chance. So he abandoned this road to fame as 


1 The excerptor is here guilty of carelessness, as the word 
mputavevoas shows. This word is used of ‘‘ obtaining ” a truce 
or peace on behalf of another, and has no connection with 
a triumph. In place of ““ triumph” we should probably read 


423 


DIO’'S ROMAN HISTORY 


τρόπον δέ τινα πρωτεῦσαι πάντως ἐπιθυμησας, 
rn lal « / a n A 
καὶ τοῦτο διὰ τοῦ ὁμίλου μᾶλλον ἢ THs βουλῆς 
/ 
ἐξεργάσεσθαι προσδοκήσας, ἐκείνῳ προσέθετο.--- 
V. 70 (p. 621). 

Ὅτι Μᾶρκος ᾿Οκτάουιος τῷ Τράκχῳ διὰ 
φιλονεικίαν συγγενικὴν ἑκὼν ἀντηγωνίζετο. καὶ 
᾽ 4 > \ / > / > » ’ 
ἐκ τούτου οὐδὲν μέτριον ἐπράττετο, ἀλλ᾽ ἀντι- 
φιλονεικοῦντες περιγενέσθαι μᾶλλον ἀλλήλων ἢ 

\ \ > a \ \ \ , ef 
TO κοινὸν ὠφελῆσαι, πολλὰ μὲν Kal βίαια, ὥσπερ 
ἐν δυναστείᾳ τινὶ ἀλλ᾽ οὐ δημοκρατίᾳ, ἔπραξαν 
ἐ 5 τινὴ ημοκρατίᾳ, ἔπραξαν, 

\ \ , > 
πολλὰ δὲ Kal ἄτοπα, ὥσπερ ἐν πολέμῳ τινὶ GAN 
a \ \ % 
οὐκ εἰρήνῃ, ἔπαθον. τοῦτο μὲν yap els πρὸς ἕνα, 

- δὲ \ \ / 1 ὃ / 
τοῦτο ὃὲ πολλοὶ κατὰ συστάσεις" λοιδορίας τε 
by a \ / > “ \ \ » 
ἐπαχθεῖς καὶ μάχας, οὐχ ὅτι κατὰ τὴν ἄλλην 

/ b] \ Vt > ab ἃ n / a 
πόλιν ἀλλὰ Kal ἐν αὐτῷ τῷ βουλευτηρίῳ TH τε 

,ὔ a a 4 a A 
ἐκκλησίᾳ ἐποιοῦντο, TH pev” προφάσει TH τοῦ 

/ / n \ » \ > \ Μ 
νόμου χρώμενοι, τῷ δὲ ἔργῳ καὶ ἐς. τὰ ἄλλα 

/ 
πάντα διασπευδόμενοι, ὥστε ἐν μηδενὶ ἀλλήλων 
> a > ,ὔ wv » »Μ a 
ἐλαττοῦσθαι. κἀκ τούτου οὔτ᾽ ἄλλο τι τῶν 

Ma] / > / EB Hen eo? \ X 
εἰθισμένων ἐν κόσμῳ συνέβαινεν οὔθ᾽ αἱ ἀρχαὶ τὰ 
νενομισμένα ἔπρασσον, τὰ δὲ δικαστήρια ἐπέπαυτο 

\ , 0. = A » \ 
καὶ συμβόλαιον οὐδὲν ἐγίγνετο, ἄλλη τε ταραχὴ 

ld ἴω 
καὶ ἀκρισίαϑ πανταχοῦ πολλὴ ἦν' καὶ ὄνομα 

/ » (ὃ \ Ἰδὲ > a 4 
πόλεως ἔφερον, στρατοπέδου δὲ οὐδὲν ἀπεῖχον ."--- 
V. 71 (p: 622). 


1 συστάσεις Rk., στάσεις Ms. 

2 ἐποιοῦντο, TH μὲν Rk., ἐποιοῦντο. τῇ μὲν yap Ms. 

ὃ ἄλλη τε ταραχὴ καὶ ἀκρισία Kuiper, ἀλλ᾽ ἥ τε ταραχὴ καὶ 7 
ἀκρισία Ms. 4 ἀπεῖχον Val., εἶχον Ms. 


424 


— = — 


BOOK XXIV 


unsafe, and since he desired by all means to become 
a leader in some way, and believed that he could 
accomplish this better with the aid of the populace 
than with that of the senate, he attached himself to 
the former. 

Marcus Octavius, because of a family feud with 
Gracchus, willingly became his opponent. There- 
after there was no semblance of moderation; but 
zealously vying, as they did, each to prevail over the 
other rather than to benefit the state, they com- 
mitted many acts of violence more appropriate in 
a despotism than in a democracy, and suffered 
many unusual calamities appropriate to war rather 
than to peace. For in addition to their individual 
conflicts there were many who banded together 
and indulged in bitter abuse and conflicts, not only 
throughout the city generally, but even in the 
very senate-house and the popular assembly. They 
made the [proposed] law! their pretext, but were in 
reality putting forth every effort in all directions not 
to be surpassed by each other. The result was that 
none of the usual business was carried on in an 
orderly way : the magistrates could not perform their 
accustomed duties, courts came to a stop, no contract 
was entered into, and other sorts of confusion and 
disorder were rife everywhere. The place bore the 
name of city, but was no whit different from a camp. 


therefore ‘‘ treaty”: ‘‘It began with the rejection of his 
treaty with the Numantines.” Dio doubtless mentioned a 
triumph in connection with the honours expected. 

1 The law proposed by Gracchus. 


425 


84 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


“Ὁ e η / “ / > a 
τι ὁ Τράκχος τοῖς στρατευομένοις ἐκ τοῦ 
ς / \ en 
ὁμίλου νόμους τινὰς ἐπικουροῦντας ἔγραφε, Kal 
\ ὃ 7 ’ \ a “ Σ᾿ \ e / 
Ta δικαστήρια ἀπὸ THs βουλῆς ἐπὶ τοὺς ἱππέας 
~ / se 
μετῆγε, φύρων καὶ ταράσσων πάντα τὰ καθεστη- 
/ vA » / » / \ ’ / 
κότα, ὅπως EK γε τούτου ἀσφαλείας τινὸς ἐπιλά- 
\ a ’ fal 
βηται. καὶ ws οὐδὲν οὐδὲ ἐνταῦθα αὐτῷ προεχώρει, 
’ \ \ b] ’ / fel an 9 
ἀλλὰ καὶ ἐπ᾽ ἐξόδῳ THs ἀρχῆς ἣν καὶ ἔμελλεν 
’ \ » a , / Lal » lal ly 
ἀπαλλαγεὶς αὐτῆς αὐτίκα τοῖς ἐχθροῖς ὑποβλη- 
7 \ \ 
θήσεσθαι, ἐπεχείρησε καὶ ἐς TO ἐπιὸν ἔτος μετὰ 
ῦ ἀδελφοῦ ὃ ἢ ὶ τὸ θερὸν ὕ 
τοῦ ἀδελφοῦ δημαρχῆσαι καὶ τὸν πενθερὸν ὕπατον 
᾽ - Ἀ | hae | ,’ a“ 4/7)? « / 
ἀποδεῖξαι, μηδὲν μήτ᾽ εἰπεῖν μήθ᾽ ὑποσχέσθαι 
\ 2 A \ / 5) a ΄, 
τισὶν ὀκνῶν. καὶ πενθίμην ἐσθῆτα πολλάκις 
‘ 3 
ἐνεδύετο, τήν TE μητέρα καὶ τὰ παιδία ἐς TO 
πλῆθος παρῆγε cuvdeopeva.—V. 72 (p. 622). 
7 / .. \ / , 
Ὅτι Σκιπίων ὁ ᾿Αφρικανὸς φιλοτιμίᾳ πλείονι 
nk \ a / / a Ὲ al 
Tapa TO προσῆκον TO τε ἁρμόζον TH ἄλλῃ αὐτοῦ 
a A a ’ lal lal 
ἀρετῇ ἐχρῆτο. οὐκοῦν οὐδὲ τῶν ἀντιστασιωτῶν | 
> fol an 
τις αὐτῷ θανόντι ἐφήσθη, ἀλλὰ καὶ ἐκεῖνοι, 
, / 
καίπερ βαρύτατον αὐτόν σφισι νομίζοντες εἶναι, 
Ν Vise 
ἐπόθησαν" χρήσιμόν TE γὰρ πρὸς TA κοινὰ ἑώρων, 
\ \ OX ΩΣ» A a a pi 3 b] a 
καὶ δεινὸν οὐδὲν ovd av σφεῖς παθεῖν am αὐτοῦ 
/ € / \ 4 , 
προσεδόκων. ὑπεξαιρεθέντος δὲ τούτου πάντα 
5 at A fal > ’ὔ [ a. 2 " ,ὔ 
αὖθις τὰ τῶν δυνατῶν ἠλαττώθη, ὥστε ἐπ᾽ ἀδείας 
a ’ n \ > , 
τοὺς γεωνόμους πᾶσαν ὡς εἰπεῖν τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν 
πορθῆσαι. καί μοι ἐς τοῦτο ὅτι μάλιστα ἀποσκῆ- 


1 ἀντιστασιωτῶν Dind., ἀντιστασιαστῶν Ms, 


426 


BOOK XXIV 


Gracchus was proposing certain laws for the benefit 
of those of the populace serving in the army, and was 
transferring the courts from the senate to the knights, 
disturbing and overturning all established customs in 
order that he might be enabled to lay hold on safety 
in some wise. And when not even this proved 
of advantage to him, but his term of office was 
drawing to a close, when he would be immediately 
exposed to the attacks of his enemies, he attempted 
to secure the tribuneship for the following year also, 
in company with his brother, and to appoint his 
father-in-law consul ; and to obtain this end he did 
not hesitate to make any statement or promise any- 
thing whatsoever to people. Often, too, he put on 
mourning and brought his mother and children into 
the presence of the populace to join their entreaties 
to his. 

Scipio Africanus indulged his ambition more than 
was fitting or compatible with his general excellence. 
Consequently ! none of his rivals took pleasure in his 
death, but, although they thought him a great 
obstacle in their way, even they felt his loss. For 
they saw that he was valuable to the state and they 
never expected that he would cause any serious 
trouble even to them. But after he was out of the 
way the whole power of the nobles was again 
diminished, so that the land commissioners ravaged 
at will practically all Italy. And this in particular 


' Apparently this particle refers back to some eulogistic 
remark about Scipio omitted by the excerptor. 


AZ 


B.C, 129 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


yar Soxet! τό τε πλῆθος τῶν λίθων τῶν ἐκ τοῦ 
οὐρανοῦ κατενεχθέντων καὶ ἐς ναούς τέ τίνας ἐμίτε: 
σόντων καὶ ἀνθρώπους pinch - καὶ τὰ 
δάκρυα τοῦ ᾿Απόλλωνος. ἔκλαυσε γὰρ ἐπὶ Τρεῖς 
ἡμέρας, ὥστε τοὺς Ῥωμαίους κατακόψαι τε τὸ 
βρέτας καὶ καταποντῶσαι ἐκ συμβουλῆς μάντεων 
ψηφίσασθαι.---Υ. 73 (p. ei: 


1 δοκεῖ inserted by Val. τε Bk. » ve Ms. 
3 ἔκλαυσε yap v, Herw., iio 8 yap ἔκλαυσεν Ms. 


428 


BOOK XXIV 


seems to me to have been the meaning of the mass 
of stones that had poured down from heaven, falling 
upon some of the temples and killing men, and of 
the tears of Apollo. For the god had wept for three 
days, so that the Romans on the advice of the sooth- 
sayers voted to hew the statue in pieces and to sink 


it in the sea. 


429 


8 


ε 


5 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XXV 


at e T / \ \ / ς / a 
Te ὁ Ἰράκχος τὴν μὲν γνώμην ὁμοίαν τῷ 
» A 3 \ v4 tal \ > > 
ἀδελφῷ εἶχεν, πλὴν Kal ὅσον ἐκεῖνος péev' ἀπ 
> la! ᾽ / \ > > fal b] / 
ἀρετῆς ἐς φιλοτιμίαν καὶ ἐξ αὐτῆς ἐς κακίαν 
97 ᾿ δὲ τ ΄ > 
ἐξώκειλεν, οὗτος δὲ ταραχώδης τε φύσει ἣν 
καὶ ἑκὼν ἐπονηρεύετο, τῇ δὲ δὴ παρασκευῇ τῶν 
λόγων πολὺ αὐτοῦ προέφερε. καὶ διὰ ταῦτα ταῖς 
τε ἐπινοίαις κακοτροπωτέραις καὶ ταῖς τόλμαις 
a ’ὔ 
προχειροτέραις τῇ τε αὐθαδείᾳ πλείονε πρὸς 
id / fal an a 
πάντας ὁμοίως ἐχρῆτο. πρῶτός τε ἐν τοῖς συλ- 
, lal ¢ \ 
λόγοις μεταξὺ δημηγορῶν ὃ ἐβάδιξε, καὶ τὸν Bpa- 
a 4 “ 
χίονα πρῶτος ἀπεγύμνωσεν, ὥστε μηδέτερον 
A , » 
αὐτῶν κακὸν ὁ ἐξ ἐκείνου νομισθῆναι. καὶ ἐπειδή 
A \ , > θ ’ὔ A 
ye πολλῇ μὲν πυκνότητι ἐνθυμημάτων πολλῇῃ 
, / 
δὲ καὶ σφοδρότητι ὀνομάτων ἐπίπαν ἐδημηγόρει, 
ὔ Ν 
καὶ ἐκ τούτου οὔτε κατέχειν ῥᾳδίως ἑαυτὸν ἐδύ- 
vato καὶ" πολλάκις ἐς ἃ οὐκ ἤθελεν εἰπεῖν ἐξε- 
φέρετο, αὐλητὴν ἐπήγετο, καὶ παρ᾽ ἐκείνου ὑπαυ- 
a , 
λοῦντός οἱ ἐρρυθμίζετο καὶ ἐμετρίαζεν, ἢ καὶ εἴ 
wn καὶ ὡς ἐξέπιπτεν καθίστατο. τοιοῦτος οὖν 


1 μὲν added by Val. 2 πάνταεν. Herw., πάντα Ms. 
3 δημηγορῶν Bk., δημηγοριῶν Ms. 4 αὐτῶν κακὸν Salmasius, 
κακὸν αὐτῶν Ms. 5 καὶ Bk., καὶ ἐπειδὴ Ms. 


439 


νι. 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XXV 


Graccuus had the same principles as his brother ; 
only the latter had drifted from excellence into ambi- 
tion and thence into baseness, whereas this man was 
naturally turbulent and played the rogue voluntarily ; 
and he far surpassed the other in his gift of 
language. For these reasons his designs were more 
mischievous, his daring more spontaneous, and his 
arrogance greater toward all alike. He was the first 
to walk up and down in the assemblies while deliver- 
ing a speech and the first to bare his arm; hence 
neither of these practices has been thought improper 
since his time. And because his speaking was 
generally characterised by great condensation of 
thought and vigour of language and he _ conse- 
quently was unable to restrain himself easily, but 
was often led to say more than he wished, he used to 
bring in a flute-player, and from him, as he played 
an accompaniment, he would gain moderation and 
self-control ; or, if even then he managed to get out 
of bounds, he would stop. ‘This was the sort of man 


431 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ Av ‘ol és > / \ u \ 
δή τις ὧν τῇ τε πολιτείᾳ ἐπέθετο, Kal οὐδὲν 
> a a / 
ἀπώμοτον οὔτ᾽ εἰπεῖν οὔτε πρᾶξαι ποιούμενος 
ν A Re, ᾿ 
μέγιστος Ou ἐλαχίστου παρά τε TO ὁμίλῳ καὶ 
τοῖς ἱππεῦσιν ἐγένετο. τό τε γενναῖον καὶ τὸ 
βουλεῦον πᾶν, εἰ ἐπὶ πλεῖον ἐβεβιώκει, . .. } 
a > ς \ a a / δι 2 \ 
νῦν δ᾽ ὑπὸ τῆς πολλῆς δυναστείας ἐπίφθονος καὶ 
a a fa / 
τοῖς στασιώταις γενόμενος Tals ἑαυτοῦ τέχναις 
éoparn.—V. 74 (p. 625). 


1 Lacuna recognized by Val. 


432 


a 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧν 


who attacked the constitution, and, by assuming no 
speech or act to be forbidden, in very brief time 
gained the greatest influence with the populace and 
the knights. All the nobility and the senatorial 
party, if he had lived longer, [would have been over- 
thrown], but, as it was, his great power caused him 
to be hated even by his followers, and he was over- 
thrown by his own methods. 


433 
VOL. Il. FF 


B.C. 121 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XXVI 


“ © ΨΥ \ lal > \ a ~~ / 
Ori αἱ ἱέρειαι TO πλεῖστον αὐταὶ τοῦ τε ὀλέ- 
\ an > / 9 lal \ \ \ 
Opov καὶ τῆς αἰσχύνης ὦφλον, συχνοῖς δὲ δὴ Kal 
» 7 a ” ψ δ ¢ 
ἄλλοις μεγάλων KAKWY aLTLAL ἐγένοντο, ἣ TE 
/ Ὡ« > ’ > lal >? / > / 
πόλις ἅπασα am αὐτῶν ἐταράχθη. ἐκλογιζό- 
a ba 
μενοι yap OTL τὰ ὑπὸ τοῦ νόμου ἄχραντα Kal τὰ 
ς Ν a / Ψ Μ “ / 1 an 
ὑπὸ τῆς θρησκείας ἅγια ἔκ τε τοῦ hoBov! τῆς 
/ / 3 7 ΟΝ [τ > 
τιμωρίας Koopa ἐλυμάνθη, οὐδὲν 6 τι οὐχ 
ὑπετόπουν τῶν αἰσχίστων καὶ ἀνοσιωτάτων δύ- 
΄ὔ \ ἃς A \ \ / 
νασθαι γενέσθαι. καὶ διὰ τοῦτο Kal Tas κολάσεις 
οὐ μόνων τῶν ἐλεγχθέντων ἀλλὰ καὶ τῶν ἄλλων 
ἴον / a 
πάντων τῶν αἰτιαθέντων μίσει τοῦ συμβεβηκότος 
ν / 
ἐποιήσαντο. ὅθεν οὐκ ἐκ γυναικείας ἔτι ἀσελ- 
/ 2 > 3 2 ὃ / \ 2 an ,ὔ 
yelas,” ἀλλ᾽ ἐκ δαιμονίας τινὸς ὀργῆς σύμπαντα 
τὰ ὃ κατ᾽ αὐτὰς συμβῆναι ἔδοξεν.---. 75 (p. 620). 
[72 ἴω “ > ὃ ΄ \ > la) / 
τι τρεῖς ἅμα ἠνδρώθησαν, καὶ αὐτῶν Μαρκία 
μὲν αὐτή" te καθ᾽ αὑτὴν καὶ πρὸς ἕνα τινὰ 
ς 7 2 / >». / > / 6 / 
ἱππέα ἠσχύνθη, κἂν διέλαθεν, εἰ μήπερ ἡ ζήτησις 
"ναῦν Ὁ a », es" a > a \ > / 
ἐπὶ τῶν ἄλλων ἐπὶ πλεῖον ἀρθεῖσα Kal ἐκείνην 
/ a 
προσκατέλαβεν: Αἰμιλία δὲ καὶ Λικιννία πλῆθος 


1 φόβου Val., φθόνου Ms. =? ἔτι ἀσελγείας Bs., αἰτίας ἀλγεῖν Ms. 
8 τὰ added by Rk. 4 αὐτὴ Reim., τῆι Ms. 


434 


a 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XXVI 


Tue priestesses bore the chief punishment and 5.0. 114 
shame themselves, but they proved the source of 
great evils to various others as well, while the 
entire city was agitated on their account. For 
the people, considering that what was immacu- 
late by law and sacred by religion and decent 
through fear of punishment had been polluted, were 
ready to believe that anything most shameful and 
unholy might be done. For this reason they visited 
punishment, not only on the convicted, but also on 
all the rest who had been accused, to show their 
hatred of what had occurred. Hence the whole 
affair in which the women were concerned seemed 
now to have been due not so much to feminine 
incontinence as to the wrath of some god. 

Three had known men at the same time. Of these 
Marcia had acted by herself, granting her favours 
to one single knight, and would never have been 
discovered, had not the investigation into the cases of 
the others extended and involved her also; Aemilia 
and Licinia, on the other hand, had a multitude of 


435 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


ἐραστῶν ἔσχον καὶ δι’ ἀλλήλων ὑβρίξζοντο. τὸ 
\ \ lal , / \ O77 \ » > 
μὲν yap πρῶτον ὀλίγοις τισὶν ἰδίᾳ καὶ δι’ ἀπορ- 
4, \ / « / 
ρήτων ὡς καὶ μόνῳ ἑκάστῳ συνεγίγνοντο' ἔπειτα 
7 Ν n n 
αὐταί Te πάντα τὸν Kal ὑποπτεῦσαι μηνῦσαί 
/ / ᾽ \ > / an - 
τέ τι δυνάμενον ἐς σιωπὴν ἀναγκαίαν μισθῷ τῆς 
ε , ΄ \ ε me 
ὁμιλίας προκατελάμβανον, καὶ οἱ προδιειλεγμένοι 
͵ a » « “Ἢ. vy ivf \ ’ὔ 
σφίσι ταῦθ᾽ ὁρῶντες ἔφερον, ἵνα μὴ κατάφωροι 
A / 
τῇ ἀγανακτήσει γένωνται. ὥστε καὶ καθ᾽ ἕνα 
\ \ ΄ a \ γῸ 7 a κ᾿ κ᾿ 
καὶ κατὰ πολλούς, τοῦτο μὲν ἰδίᾳ, τοῦτο δὲ καὶ 
fal lal / ¢e al lal -“ 
κοινῇ, τοῖς τε ἄλλοις ὁμιλεῖν, καὶ τῷ μὲν τῆς 
3 / ? a \ / “Ὁ \ Ψ 
Διμιλίας ἀδελφῷ τὴν ΔΛικιννίαν, τῳ δὲ ταύτης 
\ Ae / a \ n \ 4 Ι 
τὴν Αἰμιλίαν συνεῖναι. καὶ ταῦτα μὲν οὕτω 
γιγνόμενα ἐπὶ πλεῖστον ἔλαθεν, καὶ πολλῶν μὲν 
ἀνδρῶν, πολλῶν δὲ καὶ γυναικῶν, καὶ ἐλευθέρων 
\ ’ 
καὶ δούλων, συγγιγνωσκόντων ὅμως “ ἐπὶ μακρό- 
» \ \ vA 7 “ Ν 
τατον ἔλαθε, πρὶν δὴ Μάνιός τις, ὅσπερ που καὶ 
a \ an » 
τοῦ παντὸς κακοῦ πρῶτος καὶ ὑπηρέτης καὶ 
᾿ 
συνεργὸς ἐγεγόνει, κατεμήνυσεν αὐτό, ὅτε μήτε 
’ὔ - 4 
ἐλευθερίας μήτ᾽ ἄλλου μηδενὸς ὧν ἤλπισεν 
al / 
ἔτυχεν. Kal ἢν yap ov προαγωγεῦσαι " μόνον 
a fal / 7 
ἀλλὰ καὶ διαβαλεῖν συγκροῦσαί τέ τινας 
δεινότατος. . .—V. 76 (p. 626). 
“Ore ἣν μέν που καθ᾽ αὑτὰ ταῦτα δόξαν αὐτῷ 
,ὔ Ἁ \ \ \ a / , 
φέροντα, πρὸς δὲ δὴ τὴν τοῦ Κάτωνος συμφοράν, 
Kal ὅτι καὶ ἐπιεικείᾳ πολλῇ πρὸς τοὺς στρατιώτας 
1 οὕτω Bs., οὐ Ms. 2 ὅμως Dind., ὅμως ὅπως Ms. 


3 προαγωγεῦσαι Val., προσαγορεῦσαι Ms. 
4 ὅτι ἣν St., ὅτι τῷ μάρκῳ δρούσῳ ἦν Ms. 


436 


ee ...... 


BOOK XXVI 


lovers and carried on their wanton behaviour with 
each other’s help. At first they surrendered them- 
selves to some few privately and secretly, telling 
each man that he was the only one favoured. Later 
they themselves bound every one who could suspect 
and inform against them to certain silence in advance 
by the price of intercourse with them, and those 
who had previously enjoyed their favours, though 
they saw this, yet had to put up with it in order not 
to be detected through a display of their vexation. So 
besides holding commerce with various others, now 
singly, now in groups, sometimes privately, some- 
times all together, Licinia enjoyed the society of the 
brother of Aemilia, and Aemilia that of Licinia’s 
brother. These doings were hidden for a very long 
time, and though many men and many women, 
both freemen and slaves, were in the secret, it was 
kept concealed for a very long period, until one 
Manius, who seems to have been the first to assist 
and coédperate in the whole evil, gave information 
of the matter, because he had not obtained freedom 
nor any of the other objects of his hope. And since 
he was very skilful not only at leading women into 
prostitution, but also in sowing slander and discord 
among them, .. . 

This was calculated to bring him [Marcus Drusus] 
glory, first of itself, and secondly in the light of 
Cato’s disaster; and because he also had shown great 
~1 Jn his campaign against the Scordisci, a Thracian 
tribe, in B.o. 114. 

437 


B.C. 112 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ / "»" lol 
ἐχρήσατο, τήν τε κατόρθωσιν ἐπὶ πλεῖον τῆς 
ἀληθείας πεποιῆσθαι ἔδοξε, καὶ εὔκλειαν μείζω 
τῶν ἔργων ἐκτήσατο.---Ν. ΤΊ (p. 629). 

a 9 ͵ « / ‘ / 

Ore τῷ ᾿Ιουγούρθᾳ ὁ Μέτελλος προσπέμψαντί 

δ᾽ \ a δέ 3, \ pS Ψ ς 

οἱ ὑπὲρ τῆς εἰρήνης πολλὰ καθ᾽ ν ἕκαστον ὡς 
\ , / € 

καὶ μόνον ἐπέταξε, καὶ οὕτως ὁμήρους τε Tap 
᾽ a \eo / ~ / \ \ > 

αὐτοῦ Kal ὅπλα τούς TE ἐλέφαντας Kal τοὺς aly- 

/ ᾽ / » Ν / 
μαλώτους τούς τε αὐτομόλους ἔλαβε. καὶ τού- 

Ν / 
τους μὲν πάντας ἀπέκτεινεν, OV κατελύσατο δέ, 
“ ς 1 I 4 0 > » 10 \ > / \ 
ὅτι ὁ  ᾿Ιουγούρθας οὐκ ἠβουλήθη πρὸς αὐτόν, μὴ 

“Ὁ “ «ς - 
συλληφθῇ, ἐλθεῖν, καὶ ὁ Μάριος ὅ τε Γναῖος 
ἐνεπόδισαν.---ἴΠ5 19 (p. 385). 
9) 95 μὰ \ Nigel, ¥ \ ἐλ \ 

ν 5 μὲν yap Kal THY ἄλλως καὶ στασιώδης Kal 

’ \ \ a , 
ταραχώδης, Kal παντὸς μὲν TOD συρφετώδους, ἀφ᾽ 

- \ » / / \ \ a 

οὗπερ Kal ἐπεφύκει, φίλος, παντὸς δὲ τοῦ γεν- 
/ Ν a 

vaiov καθαιρέτης. καὶ yap εἰπεῖν τι Kal ὑπο- 

/ \ , \ > A > e 

σχέσθαι καὶ ψεύσασθαι καὶ ἐπιορκῆσαι, ἐν @ 
/ », e , ἂν ’ 
πλεονεκτήσειν ἤλπιζεν, ἑτοιμότατα ἐτόλμα, τὸ τε 
a / fal , 
συκοφαντῆσαί Twa τῶν ἀρίστων Kal TO ἐπαι- 
a / A / , 
νέσαι αὖ TOV κακίστων ἐν παιδιᾷ ἐτίθετο. καί 
e 48 BN 
μοι μηδεὶς θαυμάσῃ εἰ τοιοῦτός Tis WY ἐπὶ 

a » θ 2-9 φ Ε / 54 at 

πλεῖστον ἔλαθεν ἐν οἷς Exaxovpye ἔκ TE γὰρ 
a a , Ka 
τῆς περιτεχνήσεως καὶ ἐκ τῆς τύχης, ἣ παράπαν 

A A a / 
Ta πρῶτα ἀγαθῇ ἐχρήσατο, καὶ ἀρετῆς δόξαν 
éxtnoato.—V. 18 (p. 629). 

1 6 added by Leuncl. 


2 In the Ms. ἦν is preceded by ὅτι ὁ udpios, evidently added 
by the excerptor; cf. Frg. 88, note 4. 3 ἐν St., ἐφ᾽ Ms. 


438 


———— ee ee 


OE  ————— ee OO 


BOOK XXVI 


leniency towards the soldiers and seemed to have 
made success of more importance than the truth, he 
likewise secured a renown greater than his deeds 
deserved. 

When Jugurtha sent to Metellus in regard to peace, 
the latter made many demands upon him, one by one, 
as if each were to be the last, and in this way got from 
him hostages, arms, the elephants, the captives, and 
the deserters. All of these last he killed; but he 
did not conclude peace, since Jugurtha, fearing to be 
arrested, refused to come to him and since Marius 
and Gnaeus! stood in the way. 

For he [Marius] was in general seditious and tur- 
bulent, friendly to all the rabble, from which he 
had sprung, and ready to overthrow all the nobility. 
He ventured with perfect readiness any statement, 
promise, lie, or false oath wherever he hoped to 
profit by it. Blackmailing one of the best citizens 
or commending the veriest rascal he thought mere 
child’s play. And let no one be surprised that such 
a man could conceal his villainies for so long a time ; 
for, as a result of his exceeding cleverness and the 
good fortune which he uniformly enjoyed in the 
fullest measure, he actually acquired a reputation 
for virtue. 


1 Perhaps an error for Gauda. 


439 


B.c. 108 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


8 Ὅτι τὸν Μέτελλον καὶ δι’ ἐκεῖνο ῥᾷον δια.- 
βαλεῖν! ὁ Μάριος ἠδυνήθη, ὅτι ὁ μὲν ἔν τε 
tal ᾽ / bd] ΄ a / 
τοῖς εὐπατρίδαις éEnratero καὶ τὰ τοῦ πολέμου 
ἄριστα διεχείριζεν,; αὐτὸς δὲ 8 ἐξ ἀφανεστάτου 
καὶ ἀδηλοτάτου ἐς τὸ μέσον παριέναι ἤρχετο 
e \ \ e / \ \ € \ fal / 
(οἱ yap πολλοὶ ETOLMOS τὸν μὲν ὑπὸ τοῦ φθόνου 
/ \ \ \ \ > / 2 
καθήρουν, τὸν δὲ πρὸς τὰς ἐπαγγελίας ηὗξον), 
καὶ μάλισθ᾽ ὅτι ἐλογοποιήθη τὸν Μέτελλον 
παριεμένῳ τότε πρὸς τὰς ἀρχαιρεσίας τῷ Μαρίῳ 
bd a “ ἐς 2 lal > / x a es 
εἰπείν OTL “ ἀγαπᾶν ὀφείλεις ἂν μετὰ τοῦ υἱέος 
» , tt ἀνε κὰκ 3 ἐξ ft ΄ ” 
pov (μειράκιον δὲ ἐκεῖνος ἣν) ὑπατεύσῃς.".-- 
V. 79 (p. 680). 

4 “Ore τῷ Μετέλλῳ ἤχθετο ὁ Γαύδας," ὅτι μήτε 
τοὺς αὐτομόλους μήτε φρουρὰν στρατιωτῶν Ῥω- 
/ > / > > “ »ἢ᾿ “ 
μαίων αἰτήσας παρ᾽ αὐτοῦ ἔλαβεν, ἢ καὶ ὅτι 
᾽ \ ᾽ a > ’ / Ὁ ς / 
ἐγγὺς αὐτοῦ οὐκ ἐκαθέξετο, ὅπερ ὡς πλήθει 
τοῖς τε βασιλεῦσι καὶ τοῖς δυνάσταις παρὰ 

τῶν ὑπάτων édidoto.—V: 80 (p. 680). 

5 “Ott τῆς Κίρταςδ καθ᾽ ὁμολογίαν ἁλούσης ὁ 
Βόκχος ἐπεκηρυκεύσατο τῷ Μαρίῳ, καὶ τὰ μὲν 
πρῶτα τὴν τοῦ ᾿Ιουγούρθου ἀρχὴν μισθὸν τῆς 
μεταστάσεως ἤτει, ἔπειτα μὴ τυχὼν αὐτῆς ἁπλῶς 
ἠξίωσε συμβῆναι. καὶ ὁ μὲν πρέσβεις ἐς τὴν 
Ῥώ é ὁ δὲ ᾿Ιουγούρθ ; ὕτω ὃ 

ὠμὴν ἔπεμψεν, ὁ δὲ ᾿Ιουγούρθας τούτων οὕτω 


1 διαβαλεῖν Val., διαλαβεῖν Ms. 

ἢ διεχείριζεν Val., διαχειρίζειν Ms. 

9 δὲ Val., re Ms. * Tavdas Val., μάριος Ms. 

δ Kipras Urs., oxlpras Mas. 8 οὕτω Bs., vd Mss. 


440 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧΥῚ 


Marius was the more easily able to calumniate 
Metellus for the reason that the latter belonged to 
the patricians and was conducting the war in excel- 
lent fashion, whereas he himself was just beginning 
to come forward from a very obscure and humble 
origin into public notice. The multitude was of 
course readily inclined to overthrow Metellus through 
envy, and to advance Marius for his promises; but 
they were particularly influenced by the report that 
Metellus had said to Marius, when the latter was 
asking for his discharge on account of the elections : 
“You ought to be satisfied if you get to be consul 
along with my son.” Now this son was a mere 
lad. 

Gauda was angry at Metellus because in spite of 
his requests he had received from him neither the 
deserters nor a garrison of Roman soldiers, or else 
because he could not sit near him—a privilege 
ordinarily accorded by the consuls to kings and 
potentates. 

After Cirta had capitulated, Bocchus made over- 
' tures to Marius ; and first he demanded the empire 
of Jugurtha as the price of his defection, but later, 
failing to obtain this, simply asked for a truce. 
So he sent envoys to Rome; but Jugurtha, while 


441 


B.Ce 106 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


γιγνομένων ἀπεχώρησεν ἐς τὰ ἐρημότατα τῆς 
ἑαυτοῦ γῆς. —VU® 20 (p. 385), 

6 Ὅτι ὁ Μάριος πρέσβεις τοῦ Βόκχου κομεσά- 
μενος οὐκ ἔφη αὐτῷ συνθήσεσθαι, εἰ μὴ τὸν 
᾿Ιουγούρθαν ἔκδοτον tap αὐτοῦ λάβοι: ὃ καὶ 
yeyovev.—U° 21 (p. 386), 


442 


BOOK XXVI 


this was taking place, retired to the most desolate 
portions of his own territory. 

Marius received the envoys of Bocchus, but 
said he would make no compact with him unless 
he should receive Jugurtha as a prisoner at his 
hands; and this was actually brought about. 


443 


90 


al 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XXVII 


7 / 

Ὅτι Τόλοσσαν ' πρότερον μὲν ἔνσπονδον οὖσαν 
τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις, στασιάσασαν δὲ πρὸς τὰς τῶν 
Κώμβρων ἐλπίδας ὡς καὶ τοὺς φρουροὺς δεθῆναι, 

/ a 
προκατέσχον νυκτὸς ἐξαπίνης ὑπὸ τῶν ἐπιτηδείων 
> / \ \ e \ ΄ \ Μ΄ 
ἐσαχθέντες, καὶ τὰ ἱερὰ διήρπασαν, καὶ ἄλλα 

\ ΄ : <a X » aye , 
χωρὶς χρήματα πολλὰ ἔλαβον: τὸ γὰρ χωρίον 
” 4 5 \ \ > / 
ἄλλως TE παλαιόπλουτον HY, καὶ τὰ ἀναθήματα 
ef id [4 e οἷ ͵ 
ἅ ποτε οἱ Γαλάται οἱ μετὰ Βρέννου στρατεύ- 
5] a A ? A s bf 
σαντες ἐκ τῶν Δελφῶν ἐσύλησαν εἴχεν. οὐ 
> “ A . 
μέντοι Kal ἀξιόλογόν τι at αὐτῶν τοῖς οἴκοι 
€ / / ’ » » \ > “ \ 
Ρωμαίοις περιεγένετο, ἀλλ αὐτοὶ ἐκεῖνοι τὰ 
of \ 
πλείω ἐσφετερίσαντο. Kal ἐπὶ τούτῳ συχνοὶ 
εὐθύνθησαν.---Υ. 81 (p. 630). 
“ ς ,) ς \ a \ \ , 
Ore ὁ Σερουίλιος ὑπὸ τοῦ πρὸς τὸν συνάρχοντα 
, X \ A. 2 ” > Μ ς > / 
φθόνου (τὰ μὲν γὰρ" ἄλλα ἐξ ἴσου οἱ ἐπετέ- 
A 4 
τραπτο, τῷ δὲ δὴ ἀξιώματι ola ὑπατεύοντος 
αὐτοῦ ἠλαττοῦτο) πολλῶν καὶ κακῶν αἴτιος τῷ 
, > 7 ee Bey , 3 \ 
στρατεύματι ἐγένετο. καὶ yap o Μάλλιος " peta 
« 
θάνατον Σκαύρου " τὸν Σερουΐλιον μετεπέμψατο" ὁ 


1 πόλοσσαν Val., τόλοσσα Ms. 
2 yap added by Dind. 3 yap ὁ Μάλλιος supplied by Rk. 
4 Σκαύρου Val., σκάρου Ms. 


444 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XXVII 


Totosa, which had formerly been in alliance with ®.c. 106 
the Romans, but had revolted, as a result of the hopes 
placed in the Cimbri, even to the point of keeping the 
garrison in chains, was suddenly occupied at night by 
the Romans, after they had been admitted by their 
friends. They plundered the temples and obtained 
much money besides ; for the place was wealthy from 
of old, containing among other things the offerings 
of which the Gauls under the leadership of Brennus 
had once despoiled Delphi. No treasure of import- 
ance, however, reached the Romans at home, but 
the soldiers themselves appropriated the most of it; 
and for this a number were called to account. 

Servilius became the cause of many evils to the 5.0. 105 
army by reason of his jealousy of his colleague; for, 
though he had in general equal authority, his rank 
was naturally diminished by the fact that the other 
was consul. After the death of Scaurus, Mallius had 
sent for Servilius ; but the latter replied that each of 


445 


2 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


\ » / \ « ns «ε / a / 
δὲ ἀπεκρίνατο τὴν ἑαυτοῦ ἑκάτερον δεῖν φυλάτ- 
> 
Tew. εἶτα ἐλπίσας τὸν Μάλλιον καθ᾽ ἑαυτόν τι 
/ ᾽ / > lal \ / ᾽ 
κατορθώσειν, ἐφθόνησεν αὐτῷ, μὴ μόνος εὐδοκι- 
/ \ 2 \ Ν v / » Ν > a 
non, Kal ἦλθε μὲν πρὸς αὐτόν, οὔτε δὲ ἐν TO 
a / 4 \ 
αὐτῷ χωρίῳ ηὐλίσατο οὔτε TL βούλευμα κοινὸν 
᾽ fa) “Ὁ 
ἐποιήσατο, ἀλλ᾽ ὡς καὶ πρότερος αὐτοῦ τοῖς 
Κίμβροις συμμίξων, τήν τε δόξαν τοῦ πολέμου 
πᾶσαν ἀποισόμενος, ἐν μέσῳ ἱδρύθη. καὶ τὸ 
\ if “A \ \ a n / 
ev! πρῶτον φοβεροὶ καὶ ὡς τοῖς πολεμίοις, 
/ e € \ > na > / a: ὦν 
μέχρι ov ἡ διαφορὰ αὐτῶν ἐλάνθανεν, ἐγίγνοντο, 
ὡς καὶ ἐς ἐπιθυμίαν σπονδῶν αὐτοὺς προαγαγεῖν" 
« \ \ / ¢ / 4 
ὡς δὲ πρὸς Μάλλιον ὑπατεύοντα διεκηρυκεύ- 
e 
σαντο, ὁ Σερουίλιος ἠγανάκτησεν ὅτι μὴ πρὸς 
ἑαυτὸν ἐπρεσβεύσαντο, καὶ οὔτε τι συμβατικὸν 
/ 
ἀπεκρίνατο, ὀλίγου τε Kal τοὺς πρεσβευτὰς 
διέφθειρεν.---Ν. 82 (p. 630). 
“ Ψ a \ , > / 
Ort of στρατιῶται τὸν Σερουίλιον ἠνάγκασαν 
πρὸς Μάλλιον ἐλθεῖν καὶ μετ᾽ αὐτοῦ βουλεύ- 
cal c 
σασθαι περὶ τῶν παρόντων. τοσούτου δὲ ὁμο- 
a 2O/7 [4 \ > / x / 
φρονῆσαι ἐδέησαν ὥστε Kal ἐχθίους ἢ πρόσθεν 
9S “~ \ 
ἦσαν ἐκ τῆς συνουσίας ἐγένοντο’ ἔς τε yap 
/ \ ὃ / θέ 2 > a 
φιλονεικίαν καὶ λοιδορίας προαχθέντες “ αἰσχρῶς 
dveAvOnoav.—V. 83 (p. 688). 
a aA id 
Ὅτι Γναῖος Δομίτιος δίκην τῷ Σκαύρῳ λαχών, 
lal “ > a 
ἔπειτα ἐπειδὴ τῶν οἰκετῶν τις προσελθὼν αὐτῷ 
al , 
πολλὰ καὶ χαλεπὰ κατὰ τοῦ δεσπότου μηνύσειν 


1 μὲν inserted by Val. 
2 προαχθέντες St., προσαχθέντες Ms. 


446 


BOOK XXVII 


them ought to guard his own province. Then, 
suspecting that Mallius might gain some success by 
himself, he grew jealous of him, fearing that he 
might secure the glory alone, and went to him; yet 
he neither encamped in the same place nor entered 
into any common plan, but took up a_ position 
between Mallius and the Cimbri, with the evident 
intention of being the first to join battle and so of 
winning all the glory of the war. Even thus they in- 
spired their enemies with dread at the outset, as long 
as their quarrel was concealed, to such an extent that 
they were brought to desire peace ; but when the 
Cimbri made overtures to Mallius, as consul, Servilius 
became indignant that they had not directed their 
embassy to him, gave them no conciliatory reply, and 
actually came near slaying the envoys. 

The soldiers forced Servilius to go to Mallius and 
consult with him about the situation. But far from 
reaching an accord, they became as a result of the 
meeting even more hostile than before ; for they fell 
into strife and abuse, and parted in a disgraceful 
fashion. 

_ After Gnaeus Domitius had brought suit against 
Scaurus, one of the latter’s slaves approached him and 
offered to give much damaging evidence against his 


447 


B.C. 104 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


ὑπέσχετο, οὐκ ἐπολυπραγμόνησεν, Kal προσέτι 

συλλαβὼν αὐτὸν παρέδωκε τῷ Yeavpw.—V. 84 

(p. 633). 

93. “Ore Πούπλιος Λικίννιος Népovas στρατηγῶν 

a , 

ἐν τῇ νήσῳ, καὶ μαθὼν ὅτι οὐκ ἐν δίκῃ τινὰ 
\ \ 4 / a \ / 

περὶ τοὺς δούλους γίγνοιτο, ἢ Kal λημμάτων 

> \ cal \ \ 3 ᾽ ΝΜ 

ἀφορμὰς ζητῶν (καὶ γὰρ ἣν οὐκ adwpos), περι- 

ἤγγείλεν ἀφικνεῖσθαι πρὸς ἑαυτὸν πάντας τοὺς 

αἰτιωμένους τι τοὺς δεσπότας σφῶν, ὡς καὶ 

¢ θ / ᾽ al > Ss 4 > / 1 

2 βοηθήσων αὐτοῖς. ἐξ οὖν τούτου ἐκείνων" τε 

\ / ς i! > a U » 
πολλοὶ συνιστάμενοι οἱ μὲν ἀδικεῖσθαί τι ἔλεγον, 
ς \ \ » a / 3 / 
οἱ δὲ καὶ ἄλλο TL τοῖς δεσπόταις ἐνεκάλουν, 
/ \ 9 ὅλ, » a / Ψ 

νομίζοντες Karpov” εἰληφέναι τοῦ πάντα ὅσα 
> 4 \ 3 » \ > \ ὃ , 
ἐβούλοντο πρὸς" αὐτοὺς ἀναιμωτὶ διαπράξασθαι: 

\ « / / > / ; , 
καὶ οἱ ἐλεύθεροι συμφρονήσαντες ἀνθίσταντό 

a / 

8 σφισι καὶ οὐδαμῇ ὑφίεντο. φοβηθεὶς οὖν ὁ 
Λικίννιος τὴν σύστασιν αὐτῶν ἑκατέρων, μὴ καὶ 
μέγα τι δεινὸν ὑπὸ τῶν ἐλαττωθέντων γένηται, 
οὐδένα τῶν δούλων προσεδέξατο, ἀλλ᾽ ἀπέπεμψεν 
αὐτοὺς ὡς μηδὲν κακὸν πεισομένους ἢ μηδέν 
γε ἔτει ταράξαι τῷ διασκεδασθῆναι δυνησομένους. 
οἱ δὲ δείσαντες τοὺς δεσπότας, ὅτε καὶ τὴν 
ἀρχὴν ἐπικαλέσαι τι αὐτοῖς ἐτόλμησαν, συνε- 
στράφησαν καὶ κοινολογησάμενοι πρὸς λῃστείας 
érpatrovtTo.— V. 85 (p. 633). 

94 "Ort τῶν βαρβάρων ἡττημένων, καὶ συχνῶν 


ἐκείνων Rk., καὶ ἐκείνων Ms. 5 καιρὸν supplied by Val. 
3 πρὸς supplied by Bk. , 


448 


a 


BOOK XXVII 


master ; but Domitius did not investigate the matter, 
and moreover arrested the fellow and handed him 
over to Scaurus. 

Publius Licinius Nerva, who was praetor ip the 
island, on learning that the slaves were not being 
justly treated in some respects, or else because he 
sought an occasion for profit,—for he was not 
inaccessible to bribes,—sent round a notice that all 
who had any charges to bring against their masters 
should come to him and he would assist them. 
Accordingly, many of them banded together, and 
some declared they were being wronged and 
others made known other grievances against their 
masters, thinking they had secured an opportunity 
for accomplishing all that they wished against them 
without bloodshed. The freemen, after consultation, 
resisted them and would not make any concessions. 
Therefore Licinius, inspired with fear by the united 
front of both sides and dreading that some great 
mischief might be done by the defeated party, 
would not receive any of the slaves, but sent them 
away, thinking that they would suffer no harm or 
that at any rate they would be scattered and so 
could cause no further disturbance. But the slaves, 
fearing their masters because they had dared to raise 
their voices at all against them, organized a band and 
by common consent turned to robbery. 

After the defeat of the barbarians, though many 


449 
VOL. II. GG 


B.C. 102 


93, 4 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


8 lel 4 : / 5 / »,? 
ἐν τῇ μάχη πεσόντων, ὀλίγοι διεσώθησαν. ἐφ 
« 
ᾧπερ ὁ Μάριος τούτους παραμυθούμενος τε ἅμα 
a a \ 
Kal ἀμειβόμενος, πᾶσαν αὐτοῖς τὴν λείαν ἐπευω- 
/ > / “ \ / »" / 
viod$ ἀπέδοτο, ὅπως μηδὲν δόξῃ προῖκά τινι 
᾽ a e / 
κεχαρίσθαι. καὶ am αὐτῶν ὁ Μάριος, καίπερ ἐν 
a / / / ᾽ “ 
τῷ πλήθει μόνῳ πρότερον, ὅτι ἐξ αὐτοῦ γεγονὼς 
> 5 e 29 > a A 3 / / 
ἣν καὶ ὅτι ὑπ᾽ αὐτοῦ ηὔξητο, εὖ φερόμενος, τότε 
? ? a / 
καὶ τοὺς εὐπατρίδας Ud ὧν ἐμισεῖτο ἐξενίκησεν, 
ς ,ὔ a 
ὥστε πρὸς πάντων ὁμοίως Kal ἐπαινεῖσθαι. τήν 
> 
τε ἀρχὴν Kal ἐς TO ἐπιὸν ἔτος, ὅπως Kal τὰ 
>? 
λοιπὰ προσκατεργάσηται, map ἑκόντων καὶ 
ὁμογνωμονούντων αὐτῶν ἔλαβεν.---. 86 (p. 633). 
/ a fal 
Ὅτι ws ἅπαξ ἐπέσχον, πολὺ τοῦ θυμοῦ οἱ 
Κίμβροι παρελύθησαν, κἀκ τούτου καὶ ἀμβλύ- 
τεροι καὶ ἀσθενέστεροι καὶ ταῖς ψυχαῖς καὶ τοῖς 
: ἢ 
σώμασιν ἐγένοντο. αἴτιον δὲ ὅτι ἔν τε οἰκίαις ἐκ 
a / ς / ὃ / / \ 
τῆς πρόσθεν ὑπαιθρίου διαίτης κατέλυον, Kal Nov- 
a a \ a / 
τροῖς θερμοῖς ἀντὶ τῆς πρόσθεν ψυχρολουσίας 
a 7 77 
ἐχρῶντο, καρυκείας τε καὶ ἡδυσμάτων ἐπιχωρίων 
, / \ 4 
διεπίμπλαντο, κρέα πρότερον ὠμὰ σιτούμενοι, καὶ 
A 7 a / a \ alie aie? 
τῷ οἴνῳ TH TE μέθῃ κατακορεῖς παρὰ TO ἔθος ἐγί- 
a \ “ \ a. a 
yvovTo. ταῦτα yap TO τε θυμοειδὲς αὐτῶν πᾶν 
5." \ x , 3 / “ / \ 
ἐξέκοψε καὶ TA σώματα ἐθήλυνεν, ὥστε μήτε τοὺς 
\ νι a 
πόνους ἔτι μήτε τὰς ταλαιπωρίας, μὴ καῦμα, μὴ 
la) / 
ψῦχος, μὴ ἀγρυπνίαν, péperv.—V. 87 (p. 633). 
Ὡ e M / / de ὃ \ 
Ore οἱ Μεσσήνιοι νομίσαντες μηδὲν δεινὸν 
, / \ ͵ ΝΜ \ ’ 
πείσεσθαι, πάντα τὰ πλείστου ἄξια καὶ τιμιώ- 
a a > 
Tata ἐκεῖσε ὑπεξέθεντος. μαθὼν δὲ τοῦτο ᾿Αθη- 


450 


BOOK XXVII 


had fallen in battle, some few were saved. Where- 
upon Marius, by way of encouraging and rewarding 
these [the soldiers], sold all the plunder to them at 
a nominal price, to prevent its being thought that he 
had bestowed favours outright upon any one. By 
this act Marius, who previously had enjoyed the 
favour of the populace alone, because sprung from 
that class and raised to power by it, now won over 
even the nobles by whom he had been hated, 
so that he was praised by all alike. He received 
from a willing and harmonious people a reélection 
for the following year, to enable him to complete 
his conquests. 

The Cimbri, when once they had halted, lost much 
of their spirit and consequently became enfeebled 
and sluggish in both mind and body. The reason 
was that in place of their former outdoor life they 
lodged in houses, and instead of their former cold 
plunges they used warm baths; whereas they had been 
wont to eat raw meat, they now gorged themselves 
with richly spiced dishes and relishes of the country, 
and they steeped themselves, contrary to their 
custom, in wine and strong drink. These practices 
extinguished all their fiery spirit and enervated their 
bodies, so that they could no longer bear toils or 
hardships, whether heat or cold or loss of sleep. 

The people of Messana, not expecting to meet 
with any harm, had deposited in that place for 
safe-keeping all their most valuable and precious 
possessions. Athenio, a Cilician who held the chief 


451 
aa Ὁ 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


νίων, domep! που τὸ μέγιστον κράτος τῶν λῃ- 
στευόντων King ἃ ὧν εἶχεν, ἐπέθετο αὐτοῖς δημο- 
τελῆ τινα ἑορτὴν ἐν τῷ προαστείῳ ἄγουσι, καὶ 
ἐκείνων τε πολλοὺς σκεδασθέντας ἀπέκτεινε καὶ 
τὴν πόλιν ὀλίγου κατὰ κράτος εἷλεν. χωρίον 
δέ τι Μάκελλαν εὐερκὲς τειχισάμενος ἰσχυρῶς 
τὴν γῆν éxaxovpyer.—V. 88 (p. 634). 
1 ὅσπερ Val., ὅπερ Ms. 


452 


Lr 


BOOK XXVII 


command of the robbers, on learning this, attacked 
them while they were celebrating a public festival 
in the suburbs, killed many of them as they were 
scattered about, and almost took the city by storm. 
After building a wall to fortify Macella, a strong 
position, he proceeded to do great injury to the 
country. 


453 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XXVIII 


95 Ὅτι ὁ υἱὸς ὁ τοῦ Μετέλλου οὕτω καὶ ἰδίᾳ 
καὶ δημοσίᾳ πάντας ὑπὲρ τοῦ τὸν πατέρα κατελ- 
an « / Ὁ“ \ / δὰ. 2 ὃ > a 
θεῖν ἱκέτευεν ὥστε καὶ Ilios, τοῦτ᾽ ἔστιν Εὐσεβής, 
ἐπονομασθῆναι.---Ν. 92 (p. 688). 
ς / A 
2 Ὅτι ὁ Φούριος ἔχθραν τῷ Μετέλλῳ οὕτως 
\ “ an 
ἔσχεν ὅτι τὸν ἵππον αὐτοῦ τιμητεύων ἀφείλετο. 
—V. 93 (p. 638). 
/ 4 
3 “Ore Πούπλιον Φούριον γραφέντα ἐφ᾽ ois 
, a a 
δημαρχήσας ἐπεποιήκει ἀπέκτειναν ἐν αὐτῇ TH 
¢ a , 
ἐκκλησίᾳ οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι, ἀξιώτατον μέν που ἀπο- 
\ sh , a 
λέσθαι ὄντα (καὶ yap ταραχώδης ἣν, καὶ τῷ 
’ A / a 
Σατουρνίνῳ τῷ τε Travia πρῶτον! συστὰς 
\ “ 
μετεβάλετο, καὶ πρὸς τοὺς ἀντιστασιώτας αὐτῶν 
> / / 7 > / \ 
αὐτομολήσας σφίσι συνεπέθετο), οὐ μέντοι Kal 
/ / A / aA \ 
προσήκοντα τούτῳ τῷ τρόπῳ φθαρῆναι. καὶ 
a \ > / / * / » 
τοῦτο μὲν ἐν δίκῃ δή τινι γεγονέναι ἔδοξεν... 
—V. 89 (p. 637). 
97 “Ore τοῦ Ῥουτιλίον ἀγαθοῦ ὄντος ἀνδρὸς 


1 πρῶτον St., πρώτοις Ms. 


454 


ae 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK XXVIII 


Tue son of Metellus besought everybody to such 
an extent both in private and in public to let his 
father return from exile that he received thé cogno- 
men Pius, i. e. Dutiful. 

Furius cherished such enmity against Metellus 
because the latter when censor had taken his horse 
away. 

Publius Furius, under indictment for the acts he 
had performed while tribune, was slain by the Romans 
in the very assembly. He richly deserved to die, to 
be sure, for he was a seditious person, who after first 
joining Saturninus and Glaucia had veered about, 
deserted to the opposing faction, and joined them in 
attacking his former associates; yet it was not 
proper for him to perish in just this way. This 
deed, then, seemed to have a certain justification. .. . 

Rutilius, an upright man, they most unjustly con- 


455 


B.C. 99 


B.c. 98 


B.C. 92 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


ἀδικώτατα κατεψηφίσαντο' ἐσήχθη yap és δικα- 
στήριον ἐκ κατασκευασμοῦ τῶν ἱππέων ὡς δωρο- 
δοκή ...1 Κυίντῳ Μουκίῳ, καὶ ἐζημιώθη ὑπ᾽ 
lal a / lal 

αὐτῶν χρήμασι. ταῦτα ἐποίησαν θυμῷ φέροντες 
Ψ \ \ \ / ἴω 

ὅτι πολλὰ περὶ Tas τελωνίας πλημμελοῦντας 
ἐπέσχεν.“---Κ. 90 (p. 637). 

Ὅτι ὁ Ῥουτίλιος ἀπελογήσατο μὲν γενναιό- 
ὁ ἀνὴρ 
ἀγαθὸς συκοφαντούμενος καὶ πολὺ πλεῖον τὰ 

lal fal xX \ « n ’ , / 

TOV κοινῶν ἢ TA ἑαυτοῦ ὀδυρόμενος φθέγξαιτο, 
@. 2 / \ “a > / > \ > / > 
ἑάλω δέ, καὶ τῆς γε οὐσίας εὐθὺς ἐξέστη. ἐξ 


\ 3 Ν Ὡ > q e XN 
TATA, καὶ οὐδὲν O TL οὐκ εἶπεν ὧν ἂν 


φ > “ > / / e 
οὗπερ οὐχ ἥκιστα ἐφωράθη μηδέν οἱ προσ- 
/ / > / a \ 
ἤκουσαν καταδίκην ὀφλήσας: πολλῷ TE γὰρ 
; , 
σμικρότερα κεκτημένος εὑρέθη ἢ οἱ κατήγοροι 
> an ? / 4 Ἢ > / > 4 
ἐκ τῆς ᾿Ασίας αὐτὸν ἐσφετερίσθαι ἐπεκάλουν, 
καὶ πάντα ἐκεῖνα ἐς δικαίας καὶ νομίμους ἀρχὰς 
τῆς κτήσεως ἀνήγαγεν. οὕτω μὲν ἐπηρεάσθη, 
7 € ,ὔ a 4 Qn 
καί τινα ὁ Μάριος αἰτίαν τῆς ἁλώσεως αὐτοῦ 
\ A 
ἔσχεν: ἀρίστῳ yap καὶ εὐδοκιμωτάτῳ αὐτῷ 
5) / a a 
ὄντι ἐβαρύνετο. διόπερ καὶ ἐκεῖνος τῶν τε 
a / 
πραττομένων ἐν TH πόλει καταγνούς, καὶ ἀπα- 
ξιώσας τοιούτῳ ἔτι ἀνθρώπῳ συζῆσαι, ἐξεχώρησε 
Ν 
μηδενὸς ἀναγκάζοντος, καὶ ἐς αὐτήν γε τὴν 
/ a 
᾿Ασίαν ἐλθὼν τέως μὲν ἐν Μυτιλήνῃ διῆγεν, 
1 No indication of lacuna in Ms. Bs. suggests δωροδοκήσας 
ὑποστρατηγῶν ἐν τῇ ᾿Ασίᾳ Κυίντῳ, adopted in the translation. 


9 


2 ἐπέσχεν Val. (in translation), ἐπέσχον Ms. 


3 ἂν supplied by Bk. 
456 


BOOK XXVIII 


demned ; for he was brought into court by a precon- 
certed plan of the knights on the charge of having 
received bribes [while serving in Asia as lieutenant 
under] Quintus Mucius, and was fined by them. 
They did this in their anger because he had ended 
many of their irregularities in connection with the 
collecting of taxes. 

Rutilius made a very noble defence, saying every- 
thing which an upright man would naturally say 
who was being blackmailed and who grieved far more 
for the condition of the state than for his own 
fortunes ; he was convicted, however, and immediately 
stripped of his property. This process more than 
anything else revealed the fact that he had in no 
wise deserved the sentence passed upon him. For he 
was found to possess much less than his accusers had 
charged him with having appropriated from Asia, and 
he could trace all that he had back to just and lawful 
sources of acquisition. Such was his unworthy 
treatment, and Marius was not without a hand in his 
conviction ; for a man so excellent and of such good 
repute had been an annoyance to him. Therefore 
Rutilius, indignant at the conduct of affairs in the city, 
and disdaining to live longer in the company of such 
a creature, withdrew, though under no compulsion, 
and actually went back to Asia. There for a time 
he dwelt in Mytilene; then, after that place had 


457 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


4 ἔπειτω ἐκείνης ἐν τῷ Μιθριδατικῷ πολέμῳ κακω- 


96 


/ b] ἊΣ / / > fa / 
θείσης ἐς Σμύρναν μετῳκίσθη, κἀνταῦθα κατεβίω, 
οὐδὲ ἠθέλησεν ἐπανελθεῖν οἴκαδε. καὶ οὐδέν 

\ a / 

γε Tapa τοῦτο ἧττον οὔτε ἐν εὐκλείᾳ οὔτε ἐν 
περιουσίᾳ éyéveTo: πολλὰ μὲν γὰρ αὐτῷ καὶ 
«ς al Ν a an 
ὁ Μούκιος, πλεῖστα δὲ καὶ δῆμοι καὶ βασιλῆς 
¢ / a Ψ 
ὅσοι ποτὲ ἐπεπείραντο αὐτοῦ ἐχαρίσαντο, ὥστε 

\ / \ a / / 
πολὺ πλείω αὐτὸν τῆς ἀρχαίας οὐσίας ἔχειν. 
Wi 9] (p. 637). 

τὰ \ \ A Ἅ, / 

Hoavy yap καὶ ἄλλοι τινὲς στασίαρχοι, 

\ \ \ a / a \ a 
τὸ δὲ δὴ πλεῖστον κράτος τῶν μὲν Μᾶρκος, 

a \ / 4 / > \ 
τῶν δὲ Κόιντος εἶχον, δυναστείας τε ἐπιθυμηταὶ 

\ / ” ok > > al Ἀ245 \ 
Kal φιλοτιμίας ἄπληστοι, καὶ AT αὐτῶν καὶ ἐς TO 
φιλόνεικον προπετέστατοι ὄντες. καὶ ταῦτα μὲν 
> na e / + RY / \ a 
ἐκ τοῦ ὁμοίου ἐκέκτηντο, προέφερον δὲ Δροῦσος 
μὲν τῷ γένει καὶ τῷ πλούτῳ, τῇ τε ἐς τοὺς 
> ἃ 4 > a > an > P « \ a 
ἀεὶ δεομένους αὐτοῦ ἀφειδῶς ἀναλώσει, ὁ δὲ τῷ 

an a / a 
τε θράσει πολλῷ Kal TH τόλμῃ, Tals τε προεπι- 
a a \ 

βουλαῖς καὶ ταῖς ὑπ᾽ αὐτὰ τὰ πράγματα KaKon- 

δ \ a 
θείαις. ὅθεν οὐκ ἀπεικότως τὰ μὲν ἐκ τῶν 
ς / \ δὲ > lal ὃ / ᾽ Ψ 
ὁμοίων, τὰ δὲ ἐκ τῶν διαφόρων ἀντίρροποι 

Ν > / v \ 4 et 
τρόπον τινὰ ἀλλήλοις OVTES τὴν στάσιν ἐπὶ 

a “ 
πλεῖστον ἤγειραν, ὥστε αὐτὴν καὶ ἀποθανόντων 
αὐτῶν petvat.—vV. 94 (p. 638). 

7 «ς a ς ᾽ 

Ὅτι ὁ Δροῦσος καὶ ὁ Καιπίων ἰδίαν ἀλλήλοις 
ἔχθραν ἐκ φιλίας πολλῆς καὶ γάμων ἐπαλλαγῆς 


458 


CEE οὔ Ὁ πὰἷἱ 


BOOK XXVIII 


suffered injury in the Mithridatic war, he removed 
to Smyrna and there lived to the end of his life 
without any desire to return home. And yet in all 
this he suffered not a whit either in reputation or 
wealth. For he received many gifts from Mucius 
and a vast number from ail the peoples and kings as 
well who had ever had dealings with him, until he 
possessed far more than his original wealth. 

There were other factional leaders, but the greatest 
influence was possessed by Marcus! in the one group, 
and by Quintus? in the other; these men were eager 
for power, insatiate in their ambition, and conse- 
quently very prone to strife. These qualities they 
possessed in common ; but Drusus had the advantage 
of birth, and also of wealth, which he lavishly ex- 
pended upon those who at any time made demands 
upon him, while the other greatly surpassed him in 
audacity and daring, and by the timeliness of his 
plots, as well as his malignity in carrying them out. 
It was not strange, therefore, since they balanced 
each other in a way, partly by their likenesses and 
partly by their differences, that they brought the 
discord to such a high pitch that it continued even 
after the death of both. 

Drusus and Caepio, formerly great friends and 
united by mutual ties of marriage, became personal 

1 M. Livius Drusus. 2 Q. Servilius Caepio. 


459 


B.C. 91 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 
ποιησάμενοι Kal ἐς τὰ πολιτικὰ αὐτὴν προήγαγον. 
—V. 95 (p. 638). 

4 Δίων xn’ βιβλίῳ “Kal τοῖς ὑπάτοις. ἐπιβου- 
NeVova.”—Bekk. Anecd. 136, 30. 

ὅ κη΄ βιβλίῳ Δίων “οὐχ ὅπως οὐκ ἔπεισέ 
τινᾶς καίπερ τινὰ ἀληθῆ λέγων.".-710. 166, 8. 


46ο 


BOOK XXVIII 


enemies of each other and carried their feud even 
into politics. 

Dio, Book XXVIII. “ And plotting against the 
consuls.” ἢ 

Dio, Book XXVIII. “ Not only did he fail to con- 
vince any, in spite of the fact that he spoke the truth 
in part.” 


1 Said of M. Livius Drusus, on trial before the senate. 


461 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK ΧΧΙΧ 


/ ς a 
“Ore ὁ Λοῦπος τοὺς εὐπατρίδας τοὺς συστρα- 
τευομένους οἱ ὡς καὶ τὰ βουλεύματα αὐτοῦ τοῖς 
> / > f ς 4 5 / 
ἐναντίοις ἐξωγγέλλοντας ὑποπτεύσας, ἐπέστειλε 
\ > a fal A / εἰ > 4 
περὶ αὐτῶν TH βουλῇ πρίν TLa...1 κἀκ τούτου 
7d? ὃ» ἊἋὉ 2 ς \ an / »” 
οὐδ᾽ ἄλλως σφᾶς... ." ὑπὸ τῆς στάσεως ἔχοντας 
ἔτι καὶ μᾶλλον συνέβαλεν. κἂν ἐπὶ πλεῖον 
3 / > / lal a > ΄ 
ἐταράχθησαν, εἰ μή τινες τῶν Μαρσῶν ἐφωρά- 
a ff lal 
θησαν ἀναμιγνύμενοί τε τοῖς προνομεύουσι τῶν 
¢ ld \ > \ / e \ 4 / 
Ρωμαίων, καὶ ἐς TO τάφρευμα ὡς καὶ σὐμμαχοί, 
fa) \ 
σῴφων συνεσιόντες, Kal πολυπραγμονοῦντες τὰ 
> δ: 'ψε \ ῇ x , \ a 
ἐν αὐτῷ καὶ λεγόμενα καὶ δρώμενα, Kal τοῖς 
>’ , 
σφετέροις ἐξαγγέλλοντες. Kal οὕτως ὀργιζόμενοι 
τοῖς εὐπατρίδαις ἐπαύσαντο.---. 96 (p. 641). 
Ὅτι ὁ Μάριος ὑποπτεύσας τὸν Λοῦπον καίπερ 
an 5» / \ z a \ 
συγγενῆ ὄντα, φθόνῳ τε Kal ἐλπίδι τοῦ καὶ 
Ὁ Ἀν.» 6 \ / xX \ L 
ὕπατον τὸ ἕβδομον, ὡς Kal μόνον ἂν τὰ παρόντα 
, ᾽ a 4 > Ff 
κατορθώσαντα, ἀποδειχθῆναι, τρίβειν ἐκέλενεν'" 


1 Lacuna recognized by Val., who supplied ἀκριβῶς εἰδέναι 
(‘* know accurately ”). 

2 Lacuna recognized by Rk., who suggested εὐνοϊκῶς πρὸς 
ἀλλήλους (‘* well disposed toward each other”) ; Bs. improves 
to εὐνοϊκῶς dAANAots. 


462 


Se ae 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOK ΧΧΙΧ 


Lupus, suspecting that the patricians making the 5.6. 90 
campaign with him were revealing his plans to the 
enemy, sent word about them to the senate before 
[he had any definite information ], and in consequence, 
inasmuch as they were not [well disposed toward 
each other| to begin with, because of their strife, he 
set them still more at variance. And the disturb- 
ance would have been even more serious, had not 
some of the Marsians been detected mingling with 
the foraging parties of the Romans and entering 
the ramparts under the guise of allies, where they 
took note of what was said and done in the camp 
and reported it to their own men. Accordingly 
they ceased to be angry with the patricians. 

Marius suspected Lupus,! although a relative, and 
through jealousy and the hope of being appointed 
consul for even the seventh time, as the only man who 
could bring success out of the existing situation, 
bade him delay; their men, he said, would have 

1 There is a deep-seated error here, due no doubt to the 
excerptor’s carelessness. According to Orosius (5, 18, 11), it 
was Lupus, the consul, who was suspicious of the motives 


of his lieutenant Marius in advising him to postpone a 
conflict. 


463 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


a \ \ \ 1 Ὁ ὃ Ψ Μ 
σφᾶς μὲν γὰρ kal...! τὰ ἐπιτήδεια ἕξειν ἔλεγεν, 
> / \ > / Ἑ na “ nr 
ἐκείνους δὲ ov δυνήσεσθαι ἐπὶ πλεῖον, ἅτε τοῦ 
/ > fal ᾿ς “τὸν » > / 
πολέμου ἐν TH χώρᾳ αὐτῶν ὄντος, ἀνταρκέσαι.--- 
V. 91 (p. 641). 
“ ς \ \ / / 
Ore of ΠΠπκένται τοὺς μὴ συναποστάντας σφίσι 
> , \ / > b] / lal , 
ἐχειρώσαντο, καὶ τούτοις ἐν ἐπόψει τῶν φίλων 
ἐνύβριζον, καὶ τῶν γυναικῶν τὰς κόμας σὺν τῷ 
9 “ n ’ / 
δέρματι ἐκ τῶν κεφαλῶν atéormacav.—V. 98 


(p. 641). 


1 Lacuna recognized by Rk.; v. Herw. would supply és 
(‘* even thus ”). 


464 


ΒΟΟΚ ΧΧΙΧ 


provisions [even though they delayed], whereas the 
other side would not be able to hold out for any 
considerable time, since the war was in_ their 
country. 

_ The Picentes overcame those who had not joined 
their rebellion and abused them in the sight of their 
friends, while from the heads of their wives they 


tore out the hair along with the skin. 


465 


VOL, IT. HH 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOKS XXXK-XXXV 


99 Ὅτι ὁ Μιθριδάτης πρέσβεων jxdvtov! “Po- 
/ IQO\ δ ὦ ᾽ δ΄.» / / 
μαίων οὐδὲν ἐκίνησεν, ἀλλ᾽ ἀνταιτιασάμενός τινα, 
\ ὃ 7 2 n 7 Ν nO ἴω 
καὶ προσαποδείξας 5 τοῖς πρέσβεσι τὸ πλῆθος τῶν 
χρημάτων ὧν τῷ τε κοινῷ καὶ ἰδίᾳ τισὶν ἀνα- 
λώκει, ἡσυχίαν ἔσχεν. ὁ δὲ Νικομήδης τῇ συμ- — 
μαχίᾳ αὐτῶν ἐπαρθεὶς καὶ χρημάτων δεηθεὶς 
ἐσέβαλεν ἐς τὴν χώραν αὐτοῦ."---ἴ5 22 (p. 386). 
1° Δίωνος ra’ βιβλίῳ “Kal τῷ Μιθραδάτῃ αὐτὸς 
πρός τε τοῦ δήμου καὶ πρὸς τῆς βουλῆς προσ- 
Teta Oat. —Bekk. Anecd. 166, 18. 

2 Ὅτι ὁ Μιθριδάτης πρέσβεις ἀπέστειλεν ἐς 
τὴν Ῥώμην, ἀξιῶν, εἰ μὲν φίλον τὸν Νικομήδην 
νομίζουσι, πεῖσαι αὐτὸν ἢ καὶ καταναγκάσαι 

\ 7 / e fa! > Ν / > fal > 
Ta δίκαιά οἱ ποιῆσαι, εἰ δὲ μή, αὐτῷ γε ἐπι- 

/ \ » A > 7 ς \ > “ 
τρέψαι τὸν ἐχθρὸν ἀμύνασθαι. οἱ δὲ οὐχ ὅτι 
τι ἔπραξαν ὧν ἤθελεν, ἀλλὰ καὶ ἐπηπείλησαν 

> A Ἃ \ lal - B fa \ K ὃ ’ 
αὐτῷ, ἂν μὴ τῷ ᾿Αριοβαρζάνῃ τὴν Καππαδοκίαν 


> a \ \ \ / f 7 » / 
ἀποδῷ καὶ πρὸς τὸν Νικομήδην εἰρήνην ἄγῃ. τούς 
τε πρέσβεις αὐτοῦ αὐθημερὸν ἀπέπεμψαν, καὶ 


1 ἡκόντων Bk., ὄντων Mss. 3 προσαποδείξας Rk., προαποδείξας 
Mss. 8 αὐτοῦ Leuncl., αὐτῶν Mss. “ ἢ καὶ Bs., ἢ Mss. 


466 


FRAGMENTS OF BOOKS XXX-XXKXV 


Miruriates, when the Roman envoys arrived, did x.c. 89 
not create any disturbance, but after bringing some 
counter-charges and also exhibiting to the envoys 
the amount of the wealth which he had lavished on 
the state and on private individuals, he remained 
quiet. Nicomedes, however, elated by the Romans’ 
alliance and being in need of money, invaded his 
territory. 

Dio, Book XXXI. “ And he had been appointed 
against Mithridates by both the people and the 
senate. ὁ + 

Mithridates dispatched envoys to Rome requesting 
the people, if they deemed Nicomedes a friend, to 
persuade or else compel him to act justly toward him, 
or if not, to allow him [{ Mithridates] to take measures 
against his foe. But they, so far from doing any- 
thing he wished, even thréatened him with punish- 
ment if he should not give back Cappadocia to 
Ariobarzanes and remain at peace with Nicomedes. 
They sent away his envoys the same day and further- 


1 According to Th. Reinach this has reference to Flaccus 
or Sulla, 


467 


HH 2 


ge 


100 


101 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


προσαπηγόρευσαν αὐτῷ μηκέτι μηδένα ἄλλον, 
ἂν μὴ πειθαρχῇ σφισι, πέμψαι.----5 23 (p. 386). 

Δίωνος λα΄ βιβλίῳ “τῶν δὲ ἄλλων ὡς καὶ 
ἐπικουρίας Tivos map ἑαυτοῦ δεομένων ἔπι- 
μνησθείς." —Bekk. Anecd. 137, 20. 

Ὅτι Κάτων ἀστικὸν καὶ ἀφηλικέστερον τὸ 
a an a 7 ᾽ \ ” e 
πλεῖον τοῦ στρατοῦ ἔχων ἐς τὰ ἄλλα ἧττον 
ἔρρωτο, καί ποτε ἐπιτιμῆσαί σφισιν, OTL μήτε 
πονεῖν μήτε τὰ παραγγελλόμενα προθύμως ποι- 

“ 2 » ᾿] 7 ει / [4 
εν" ἤθελον, ἐπιτολμήσας ὀλίγου κατεχώσθη 
βληθεὶς ὑπ’ αὐτῶν. καὶ ἐτεθνήκει γ᾽ ἂν εἰ λίθων 
εὐπορήκεσαν'" ἐπεὶ δὲ τὸ χωρίον ἐν ᾧ συνεϊλέχατο 
ἐγεωργεῖτο ὃ καὶ δίυγρον κατὰ τύχην HY, οὐδὲν 
ὑπὸ βώλων ἔπαθεν. συνελήφθη δὲ ὁ τῆς στά- 
», / “ > \ > “Ὁ \ > 
σεως ἄρξας Ldios Titsos, ἀνὴρ ἀγοραῖος καὶ ἐκ 
4 \ / / a / 
δικαστηρίων τὸν βίον ποιούμενος, TH τε παρρησίᾳ 

> ᾽ὔ a / 

μετὰ ἀναισχυντίας κατακορεῖ χρώμενος, Kal ἐς 

\ 7 > \ / > / a > 
TO ἄστυ ἐς τοὺς δημάρχους ἐπέμφθη, οὐκ ἐκο- 
Ὅτι πάντες τοὺς Ῥωμαίους ἐφόνευον κελεύ- 
σαντος Μιθριδάτου οἱ ᾿Ασιανοί, πλὴν καθ᾽ ὅσον 
Τραλλιανοὶ οὐδένα ἀπέκτειναν, Θεόφιλον δέ τινα 
Παφλαγόνα ἐμισθώσαντο, ὥσπερ ποὺ ἧττόν 
σφων ἀπόλλυσθαι μελλόντων, ἢ καὶ διαφέρον 
αὐτοῖς ὑφ᾽ ὅτου chaynoowTo.—V. 100 (p. 642). 
"Ore of Θρᾷκες ἀναπεισθέντες ὑπὸ τοῦ Μιθρι- 


1 τὸ Val., τό te Ms. 

2 ποιεῖν supplied by Rk. 

3 ἐγεωργεῖτο Naber, ἐγεώργητο Ms. 
468 


—E— Ν 


es 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV 


more ordered him never to send anyone else, unless 
he should render them obedience. 

Dio, Book XXXI. “ But recalling the others as 
in need of some assistance from him.” 1 

Cato, the greater part of whose army was from the 
city and rather too old for service, had little authority 
at best; and once, when he ventured to rebuke them 
because they were unwilling to work hard or obey 
orders readily, he came near being buried under the 
shower of missiles which they hurled at him. And 
he would certainly have been killed, if they had had 
plenty of stones; but since the site where they were 
assembled was under cultivation and happened to be 
very wet, he received no hurt from the clods of earth. 
The man who began the mutiny, Gaius Titius,? was 
arrested ; he had been a lounger about the Forum, 
making his living in the courts, and was excessively 
and shamelessly outspoken. He was now sent to the 
city to the tribunes, but escaped punishment. 

All the Asiatics, at the bidding of Mithridates, 
massacred the Romans; only the people of Tralles 
did not personally kill anyone, but hired [for the 
purpose] a certain Theophilus, a Paphlagonian,—just 
as if they themselves were more likely thus to escape 
destruction, or as if it. made any difference to the 
victims by whom they were to be slaughtered. 

The Thracians, at the instigation of Mithridates, 


1 This refers to Mithridates and the people of Asia, 
according to von Gutschmid. 
2 Properly Gaius Titinius (Sisenna). 


469 


B.c. 88 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


δάτου τήν τε "Ἤπειρον καὶ τἄλλα τὰ μέχρι τῆς 
/ a 
Δωδώνης κατέδραμον, ὥστε καὶ τὸ τοῦ Διὸς 
ἱερὸν συλῆσαι.---Ν. 101 (p. 642). 
“οὋ ς Ki ᾽ ὃ) / \ > \ 
τι ὁ Κίννας, ἐπειδὴ τάχιστα τὴν ἀρχὴν 
/ >O\ / a / Ε , 
παρέλαβεν, οὐδὲν οὕτω τῶν πάντων ἐσπούδασεν 
\ a lal 
ὡς καὶ τὸν Σύλλαν ἐκ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας ἐκβαλεῖν, 
) ey τὸν Μιθριδάτην: ΐ 
πρόφασιν μὲν τὸν Μιθριδάτην' ποιησάμενος, 
ἔργῳ δὲ ἐπιθυμήσας αὐτὸν ἀπαρτῆσαί οἱ, ὅπως 


μὴ ἐγγύθεν ἐφεδρεύων ἐμποδὼν πρὸς ἃ ἔπραττε 


/ a a aA / 
γένηται. καίτοι TH? τοῦ Σύλλου σπουδῇ ἀπεδέ 
\ \ a 
δείκτο, Kal οὐδὲν 6 TL οὐ κατὰ γνώμην αὐτοῦ 
/ ¢ / 3 ¢ \ 4 ΄ 
πράξειν ὑπέσχητο. ὁ γὰρ Σύλλας τήν τε 
/ la) . a a / fal 
ἀνάγκην τοῦ πολέμου ὁρῶν καὶ τῆς δόξης αὐτοῦ 
4 / Μ΄ \ y οὗ ἘΠ, 2 
γλίχομενος, τά τε ἄλλα τὰ οἴκοι πρὸς TO ἐπιτη- 
δειότατον ἑαυτῷ πρὶν ἐξορμηθῆναι κατεστήσατο, 
\ Ἂ Κί T oy | / Oo f ὃ 
καὶ τὸν Κίνναν Tvatoy* τέ τινα ᾿Οκτάουιον δια- 
/ > / 7 / XN Ὁ \ 
δόχους ἀπέφηνεν, ἐλπίσας μάλιστα ἂν οὕτω Kal 
\ a a / 
ἀπὼν ἰσχῦσαι. τοῦτον μὲν yap ἐπί τε ἐπιεικείᾳ 
4 
ἐπαινούμενον ἠπίστατο Kal οὐδὲν παρακινήσειν 
δι.εν > a \ 5 \ » Ν ” ” 
ἐνόμιζεν, ἐκεῖνον δὲ εὖ μὲν ἤδει κακὸν ἄνδρα ὄντα, 
> 524 ᾿ > a / / / 
οὐκ ἠθέλησε δὲ ἐκπολεμῶσαι δυνάμενόν τέ τι 
\ 4 5 ἣν yO we / Ψ 5 \ ἔλ, \ 
καὶ αὐτὸν ἤδη, Kal ἑτοίμως, ὡς γεῦ Kal ἔλεγε καὶ 
, lal ς A a 
ὦμνυεν, ἔχοντα πᾶν οἱ ὁτιοῦν ὑπουργῆσαι. 
/ 9S / Ve xX , 
αὐτός TE οὖν, καίτοι δεινότατος ὧν τάς TE γνώμας 
lal a \ 4 a 
τῶν ἀνθρώπων συνιδεῖν Kal τὰς φύσεις τῶν πραγ- 
1 Μιθριδάτην Val., μιθραδάτην Ms. 2 τῇ inserted by Rk. 


ὑπέσχητο Bk., ὑπέσχετο Ms. 4 γναῖόν Val., γενναῖον Ms. 
5 ὥς γε Rk., ὥστε Ms. 6 of inserted by Kuiper. 


470 


3 


ae «ὦ 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV 


overran Epirus and the rest of the country as far as 
Dodona, going even to the point of plundering the 
temple of Zeus. 

Cinna, as soon as he took possession of the office,was 
anxious about no one thing so much as driving Sulla 
out of Italy. He made Mithridates his excuse, but in 
reality wanted Sulla to get out of his way so that he 
might not, by keeping watch close at hand, prove a 
hindrance to the objects he himself was trying to 
carry out. And yet he owed his election to the other’s 
support and had promised to do everything accord- 
ing to his pleasure. For Sulla, who saw the necessity 
of the war and was eager for its glory, had before 
starting arranged everything at home for his own best 
interests. Among other things he appointed Cinna 
and one Gnaeus Octavius to be his successors, hoping 
in this way to retain the most. power even while 
absent. For he understood that Octavius was com- 
mended for his amiability, and he thought he would 
cause no trouble ; the other he well knew to be a base 
fellow, but he did not wish to make an enemy of 
him, because the man already had some influence of 
his own and was prepared, as he had repeatedly said 
and declared on oath, to assist him in every way 
whatsoever. ‘Thus Sulla himself, adept as he was at 
seeing through the minds of men and reasoning out 


47) 


B.C. 57 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ 
μάτων συλλογίσασθαι, πάνυ ἐν τούτῳ διεσφάλη, 
/ fal / 
καὶ πόλεμον TH πόλει μέγαν κατέλιπεν.--- 
V. 102 (p. 642). 
7 ᾽ 
Ὅτι Ὀκτάουιος φύσει βραδὺς ἦν πρὸς τὰ 
πολιτικά.----. 103 (p. 642). 
7 a a 
"Ore οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι τοῦ ἐμφυλίου πολέμου éve- 
/ \ / 
στηκότος τὸν Μέτελλον μετεπέμψαντο, κελεύ- 
σαντες βοηθεῖν.---ἴ 24 (p. 386). 
"Ore οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι στασιάσαντες πρὸς ἀλλήλους 
΄ / fal 
τὸν Μέτελλον μετεπέμψαντο, κελεύσαντες αὐτῷ 
/ 
πρὸς τοὺς Σαυνίτας, ὅπως ποτ᾽ ἂν δύνηται, συμ- 
βῆναι" οὗτοι γὰρ ἔτι τότε μόνοι τὴν Καμπανίαν 
καὶ τὴν ἐπέκεινα αὐτῆς ἐκακούργουν. ὁ δὲ τού- 
7 
τοις οὐκ ἐσπείσατο' τήν τε γὰρ πολιτείαν ἠξίουν 
lal \ a 
οὐχ ἑαυτοῖς μόνον ἀλλὰ καὶ τοῖς ηὐτομοληκόσι 
\ “ a \ » a 7 ἃ 
πρὸς σφᾶς δοθῆναι, καὶ οὔτε τι τῆς λείας ἣν 
5 b ὃ a 1 Wed \ \ > ΄ 
εἶχον ἀποδοῦναι ἤθελον, καὶ τοὺς αἰχμαλώτους 
τούς τε αὐτομόλους σφῶν πάντας ἀπήτουν, ὥστε 
\ \ \ \ 5 ΄ »” \ \ 
μηδὲ τοὺς βουλευτὰς τὴν εἰρήνην ETL τὴν πρὸς 
αὐτοὺς ἐπὶ τούτοις ἑλέσθαι.---1" 9 (p. 385). 
vA > yo / \ ΄ \ \ a 
Or. ἐπειδὴ ὁ Κίννας τὸν νόμον τὸν περὶ τῆς 
/ “ 7 > / ἐν / vd 
καθόδου τῶν φυγάδων ἀνενεώσατο, ὁ Μάριος οἵ 
7 e \ > A > , > 4 > 
Te ἄλλοι οἱ σὺν αὐτῷ ἐκπεσόντες ἐσεπήδησαν ἐς 
τὴν πόλιν μετὰ τοῦ λοιποῦ στρατοῦ κατὰ πάσας 
ee \ ΄ ὯΝ » 7 ” «᾽ 
ἅμα τὰς πύλας, καὶ ἐκείνας τε ἔκλεισαν ὥστε 
A \ 
μηδένα διαδρᾶναι, καὶ πάντας τοὺς ἐντυγχά- 
νοντάς σφισι ἐξειργάσαντο, μηδένα αὐτῶν ἀπο- 
1 ἀποδοῦναι Reim., ἀποδοθῆναι Mss. 


472 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV 


the nature of things, made a grave mistake in the 
present instance and bequeathed a great war to the 
state. 

Octavius was naturally slow in managing public 
business. . 

The Romans, when civil war broke out, sent for 
Metellus, urging him to help them. 

The Romans, having become at odds with one 
another, sent for Metellus, bidding him come to 
terms with the Samnites as best he might; for at 
this time they alone were still ravaging Campania 
and the district beyond it. Nevertheless, he did 
not conclude a truce with them, since they de- 
manded that citizenship be given not alone to them- 
selves but also to those who had deserted to their 
side, refused to give up any of the booty which they 
had, and demanded back all the captives and 
deserters from their own ranks. As a result even the 
senators no longer chose to make peace with them 
on these terms. 

When Cinna again brought forward the law regard- 
ing the return of the exiles, Marius and those who 
had been expelled with him rushed into the city with 
the rest of the army by all the gates at once; these 
they shut, so that no one could make his escape, and 
then slew every man they met, making no distinctions, 


473 


10 


1 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ > \ na ’ a cs / ¢ 
κρίνοντες, ἀλλὰ πᾶσιν αὐτοῖς ὁμοίως ὡς πολε- 
μίοις χρώμενοι. μάλιστα δὲ τούς τι ἔχοντας 
ΜΡ θ ία ) / @ ΒΝ θ \ 4 Τὸ 
ἐπιθυμίᾳ χρημάτων ἔφθειρον, καὶ τούς τε παῖδας 
καὶ τὰς γυναῖκάς σφων ὕβριζον, ὥσπερ τινὰ ἀλλο- 

7 / , ὃ , \ \ \ 
τρίαν πόλιν ἠνδραποδισμένοι. καὶ τὰς κεφαλὰς 

a ᾽ / D> « \ a ᾽ 7 
τῶν ἐλλογιμωτάτων ἐπὶ τὸ βῆμα ἀνετίθεσαν. 

ee, od θέ OE 2 40 ΕΑ δ, «Ὁ 
καὶ ἣν τὸ! θέαμα οὐδέν τι τοῦ ὀλέθρου αὐτῶν 

\ lal «ς “ 
πραότερον' τά τε γὰρ ἄλλα καὶ τοῖς ὁρῶσι προσ- 
/ 
παρίστη νομίζειν ὅτι, ὅσα πολεμίων ἀκροστολίοις 
οἱ προπάτορές σφων ἐκεκοσμήκεσαν, ταῦτα τότε 
ταῖς τῶν πολιτῶν κεφαλαῖς ἀπεκοσμεῖτο. 
7 \ 8... / Ὁ 2 / \ ς 

Τοσαύτη γὰρ évt λόγῳ ἥ τε ἐπιθυμία καὶ ἡ 
> / a / \ / / 
ἀπληστία τῶν φόνων τὸν Μάριον κατέσχεν 

a a a / 
ὥστε, ἐπειδὴ TO πλεῖστον τῶν ἐχθρῶν ἀπεκτόνει 

Ἂ bs 4 | > \ 2 fi > / $.7 18 \ 
Kal οὐκέτ᾽ οὐδεὶς ὧν ἐξολέσαι ἐγλίχετο ἐπὶ TOV 

“ a / 4 a 
νοῦν ἅτε ἐν τοσαύτῃ ταραχῇ ἐπῇει, σύνθημα τοῖς 
στρατιώταις δοῦναι σφάττειν πάντας ἑξῆς οἷς ἂν 

a / \ 2 \ a \ \ 
TOV προσιόντων μὴ ὀρέξῃ THY χεῖρα. πρὸς γὰρ 

a A / / v4 
τοῦτο Ta τῶν Ῥωμαίων πράγματα ἀφίκετο ὥστε 

\ / > , > Hasse θ > Ν \ 
μὴ μόνον ἀκρίτως μηδ᾽ ἀπ᾽ ἔχθρας, ἀλλὰ καὶ 

A / \ , 
πρὸς τὴν “οὐκ ἔκτασιν τῆς ἐκείνου χειρὸς ἀπόλ- 
ἡ ᾧ θ \ Ss / {4 Dis ἢ Ν »“ Xx 

υσθαι. Kal (ἣν γάρ, ὥσπερ εἰκὸς, EV TE ὄχλῳ 

Ν Ὁ / 4 »Ὸ» “ οὧὖχς A ’ > 
καὶ ἐν θορύβῳ τοσούτῳ οὐδ᾽ αὐτῷ τῷ Μαρίῳ ἐπι- 

> / 
μελές, ἀλλ᾽ οὐδὲ δυνατὸν οὐδ᾽ εἰ πάνυ ἐβούλετο, 
κατὰ γνώμην τῇ χειρὶ χρῆσθαι) πολλοὶ κἀκ 
ἃ A 3 a 
τούτου μάτην ἀπέθανον, ods οὐδαμῇ οὐδαμῶς 
Ὁ Ὁ [οἷ , ς 
ἀποκτεῖναι ἐδεῖτο. τὸ μὲν οὖν σύμπαν τῶν τότε" 

1 7 δύ., τότε Ms. 2 rore Rk., τε yap Ms. 

474 


—— 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV 


but treating them all alike as enemies. They took 
especial pains to destroy those who possessed any 
property, because they coveted wealth; and they 
abused the children and wives of the victims as if 
they had enslaved some foreign city. The heads of 
the most eminent citizens they fastened to the rostra, 
and that sight was no less cruel than had been their 
destruction ; for, aside from other considerations, the 
thought might occur to the spectators that what their 
ancestors had graced with the ships’ beaks of the 
enemy was now being disgraced by the heads of the 
citizens. 

For, in short, so great a desire and insatiable passion 
for slaughter possessed Marius that when he had killed 
most of his enemies and could no longer, because of 
the great confusion prevailing, think of anyone whom 
he wished to destroy, he gave the word to the 
soldiers to slay everyone in turn of the passers-by to 
whom he should not extend his hand. For Roman 
affairs had come to this, that a man had to die not 
only without trial and without having incurred 
enmity, but even for the mere reason that Marius 
did not stretch out his hand. Now naturally amid so 
great a throng and such confusion it was not only 
no object to Marius to make the gesture, but it 
was not even possible, however much he wished it, 
to use his hand as he pleased. Hence many died 
needlessly—men whose death he did not in the 
least desire. The total number of those who 


475 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


’ / ’ / / > / \ v4 
ἀποθανόντων ἀνεξεύρετόν ἐστι" πέντε yap ὅλαις 
ἡμέραις καὶ νυξὶν ἴσαις αἱ σφαγαὶ éyévovto.— 
V. 104 (p. 642). 
/ / / > al > \ / 
1 Δίων λα΄ βιβλίῳ “κἀνταῦθα ἀπογνοὺς μηδέν 
Ν \ 
οἱ τὸν θεὸν ἐπαρκέσειν ἑαυτὸν Siexpnoato.”— 
Bekk. Anecd. 140, 25. 
tal V4 fa 
12 “Ore θυόντων τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἱσταμένου τοῦ 
a / 
ἔτους τὰ ἐσιτήρια, καὶ: TH ἡγεμονίᾳ Tas εὐχὰς } 
7 «ς 
κατὰ τὰ πάτρια ποιουμένων, ὁ υἱὸς Μαρίου 
δήμαρχόν τινα αὐθεντίᾳ ἀποκτείνας τὴν κεφαλὴν 
> a - ig 7 Μ \ ” > \ 
αὐτοῦ τοῖς ὑπάτοις ἔπεμψε, Kal ἄλλον ἀπὸ 
“ 
τοῦ Καπιτωλίου κατεκρήμνισεν, ὅπερ οὐδεὶς 
» 5 / \ , \ x \ 
ἄλλος ἐπεπόνθει, καὶ δύο στρατηγοὺς Kal πυρὸς 
καὶ ὕδατος εἶρξεν.---. 105 (p. 645). 
104 “Ὅτι ὁ ὑποστράτηγος Φλάκκου Φιμβρίας 3 ἐς 
/ a / 
Βυζάντιον ἐλθόντι αὐτῷ ἐστασίασεν. ἦν yap 
\ / 
ἐς πάντα δὴ τολμηρότατος Kal προπετέστατος, 
ς an fal 
δόξης τε ὁποιασοῦν ἐραστὴς καὶ παντὸς τοῦ 
> / 2 / > ® \ , ᾽ > 
ἀμείνονος ὀλίγωρος. ἐξ ὧν που Kal τότε, ἀφ 
οὗπερ ἀπῆρεν ἀπὸ τῆς Ρώμης, ἀρετήν τε ἐς 
χρήματα καὶ σπουδὴν περὶ τοὺς στρατιώτας 
προσποιησάμενος ἀνηρτήσατό τε αὐτοὺς καὶ τῷ 
2 Φλάκκῳ συνέ Ἰδυνήθη δὲ τοῦ ἢ 
ω συνέκρουσεν. ἠδυνήθη δὲ τοῦτο ποιῆσαι, 
ὅτε ἐκεῖνος χρημάτων τε ἄπληστος ἣν καὶ οὐκ 
᾿] / \ / a4 > \ 
ἠγάπα TA περιγιγνόμενα σφετεριζόμενος, ἀλλὰ 
καὶ ἐξ αὐτῆς τῆς τῶν στρατιωτῶν τροφῆς, ἔκ 


1 εὐχὰς Rk., ἀρχὰς Ms. 
2 Φιμβρίας Val., φιβρίας Ms. (and so elsewhere, except § 6). 


476 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV 


perished at this time is beyond finding out ; for the 
slaughter continued through five whole days and an 
equal number of nights. 

Dio, Book XXXI. “And then, despairing of receiv- 
ing any help from the god, he! made away with 
himself.” 

While the Romans were offering the usual sacrifice 
at the beginning of the new year and making their 
vows for their magistrates according to ancestral 
rites, the son of Marius slew a tribune with his own 
hands and sent his head to the consuls, hurled another 
from the Capitol—a fate which had never befallen 
such an official—and forbade two praetors the use of 
fire and water. 

Fimbria, the lieutenant of Flaccus, revolted against 
his superior when the latter reached Byzantium. 
For he was in all matters very bold and headstrong, 
passionately fond of any notoriety whatsoever and 
contemptuous of all his superiors. This led him at 
that time, after his departure from Rome, to feign an 
incorruptibility in respect to money and a zeal for the 
soldiers, which bound them to him and set them 
at variance with Flaccus. He was able to accomplish 
this for the reason that Flaccus was insatiable in 
regard to money, not being content to appropriate 
what was left over, but enriching himself even 
from the soldiers’ allowance for food and from the 


1 Perhaps L. Cornelius Merula, the flamen Dialis. 


477 


B.C. 86 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


a / ἃ 0.“ ε / a. f Φ 
τε τῆς λείας, ἣν ἰδίαν ἑκάστοτε ἐνόμιζεν εἶναι, 
ἐχρηματίζετο.---Ν. 112 (p. 660). : 
Ὅτι ἐπεὶ πρὸς τὸ Βυζάντιον ἀφίκοντο Φλάκκος 
/ e a / 
καὶ Φιμβρίας, καὶ ὁ Φλάκκος ἔξω τοῦ τείχους 
’ \ ᾽ / / ᾽ \ / 
αὐτοὺς αὐλίσασθαι κελεύσας ἐς τὴν πόλιν 
Lal lal / 
ἐσῆλθε, maparaBov! τοῦτο ὁ Pip Bpias χρήματά 
τε αὐτὸν εἰληφέναι κατητιᾶτο, καὶ διέβαλλε 
λέγων ὡς ἐκεῖνος μὲν ἔνδον τρυφῴῳη," σφεῖς δὲ 
ὑπὸ σκηναῖς ἐν χειμῶνι ταλαιπωροῖντο. οἱ δὲ 
a a / 
στρατιῶται ἔς τε TO ἄστυ θυμῷ ἔπεσον, Kai 
τινας τῶν ἐμπεσόντων σφίσιν ἀποκτείναντες ἐς 
τὰς οἰκίας ἐσκεδάσθησαν. ---. 113 (p. 650). 
“ a \ lal / \ \ 
Ore διαφορᾶς τινὸς τῷ Φιμβρίᾳ πρὸς τὸν 
/ > , > nA € 7 
ταμίαν γενομένης ἠπείλησεν αὐτῷ ὁ Φλάκκος 
4 > c / > / 7, , 
ἄκοντα ἐς Ῥώμην ἀποπέμψειν, λοιδορησάμενόν 
a nan \ , 
τέ τι διὰ τοῦτο αὐτῷ τὴν ἡγεμονίαν ἀφείλετο. 
Ὁ \ , ᾽ \ > / A ? 7 
ὁ δὲ Φιμβρίας ἐς τὴν ἀποπορείαν δῆθεν ἐπαχθέ- 
OTATA στειλάμενος πρὸς τοὺς στρατιώτας τοὺς 
/ / a ; 
ἐν Βυζαντίῳ ἀφίκετο, καὶ ὡς ἐπὶ TH ἀφόδῳ 
" 
αὐτοὺς ἠσπάζετο, γράμματά τε ἤτει, καὶ ἑαυτὸν 
ς \ > / \ > A an ’ 
ὡς καὶ ἀνάξια πεπονθὼς ὠδύρετο' μεμνῆσθαί 
/ Φ ς / \ / 
Te σφισι ὧν ὑπουργήκει, Kal φυλακὴν σῴφων 
ποιεῖσθαι, αἰνιττόμενος ἐς τὸν Φλάκκον ὡς καὶ 
ἐπιβουλεύσοντα αὐτοῖς, παρήνει. καὶ μαθὼν τὰ 
, / ΝΕ ΠΕ [οἱ x » 
λεγόμενα δεχομένους καὶ ἑαυτῷ εὔνοιαν ἔχοντας 
> a ς / 3. IF ῇ 
καὶ ἐς ἐκεῖνον ὑποπτεύοντας, ἀνέβη ἐπὶ μετέωρον 
καὶ προσπαρώξυνέ σφας, ἄλλα τέ τινα τοῦ 


1 παραλαβὼν Bs., παραλαβὼν δὲ Ms. 
478 2 σρυφῴη Gros., τρυφῶν Ms. 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV 


booty, which he invariably considered as belonging 
to him. 

When Flaccus and Fimbria had arrived at Byzan- 
tium and Flaccus, after commanding them to encamp 
outside the wall, had gone into the city, Fimbria 
seized the occasion to accuse him of having taken 
money, and denounced him, declaring that he was 
living in luxury within, whereas they were enduring 
hardships under the shelter of tents, in storm and 
cold. The soldiers then angrily rushed into the city, 
killed some of those that fell upon them, and scattered 
to the various houses. 

On the occasion of some dispute between Fimbria 
and the quaestor, Flaccus threatened to send him 
back to Rome, willing or not, and when the other con- 
sequently made some abusive reply, he deprived him 
of his command. Fimbria set out ostensibly upon his 
return to Rome with the worst possible will and 
upon reaching the soldiers at Byzantium greeted 
them as if he were on the point of departure, asked 
for letters, and lamented his fate, claiming to have 
suffered undeservedly. He urged them to remember 
the services he had done them and to be on their 
guard ; this was a hidden reference to Flaccus, im- 
plying that he had designs upon them. And finding 
that they accepted his story and were well disposed 
toward him and suspicious of the general, he mounted 
an eminence and went on to arouse their anger by 


479 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Φλάκκου κατηγορήσας, καὶ ὅτι προδώσει αὐτοὺς 
ὑπὸ χρημάτων" ὥστε τοὺς στρατιώτας Θέρμον 
τὸν ἐπιτετωγμένον σφίσιν ἀπελάσαι.---. 114 
(p. 650). 

"Ori ὁ Dip Bpias ἄνδρας πολλοὺς οὐ πρὸς τὸ 
δικαιότατον οὐδὲ πρὸς τὸ τῇ “Ῥώμῃ συμφορώ- 
τατον, ἀλλ᾽ ὀργῇ καὶ ἐπιθυμίᾳ hover! ἀπώλλυεν. 
τεκμήριον δέ, σταυρούς ποτε πολλούς, οἷς προσ- 
δέων αὐτοὺς καὶ αἰκιζόμενος διεχρῆτο, γενέσθαι 
προστάξας, ἔπειτ᾽ ἐπειδὴ πολὺ πλείους τῶν 
θανατωθησομένων εὑρέθησαν ὄντες, ἐκέλευσεν ἐκ 
τῶν περιεστηκότων τινὰς συλληφθῆναι καὶ πρὸς 
τοὺς λοιποὺς προσδεθῆναι, ἵνα μὴ μάτην δόξωσι 
ryeyovévat.—V. 115 (p. 653). 

Ὅτι ὁ αὐτὸς τὸ Ἴλιον λαβὼν τοὺς ἀνθρώπους 
ὅσους ἠδυνήθη μηδενὸς φεισάμενος κατεχρήσατο, 
καὶ τὴν πόλιν πᾶσαν ὀλίγου κατέπρησεν. εἷλε 
δὲ αὐτοὺς οὐ κατὰ τὸ ἰσχυρόν, GAN ἀπατήσας" 
ἔπαινον γάρ τινα αὐτῶν ἐπὶ τῇ πρεσβείᾳ τῇ πρὸς 
τὸν Σύλλαν πεμφθείσῃ ποιησάμενος, καὶ δια- 
φέρειν μηδὲν ὁποτέρῳ 5 σπείσονται (ἀμφοτέρους 
γάρ σφας Ῥωμαίους εἶναι) εἰπών, ἔπειτα ὡς παρὰ 
φίλους αὐτοὺς ἐσῆλθε καὶ ἐξειργάσατο ταῦτα.--- 
V. 116 (p, 653). 

Ἔν δὲ λγ΄ βιβλίῳ (Δίων) “ δι’ οὖν ταῦτα 
ἐκεῖνος τὸν μὲν ἄλλον χρόνον οὔτε TL προσεποιεῖτο 
αὐτῶν...  —Bekk. Anecd. 165, 15. 

1 φόνων Val., φθόνων Ms, 2 ὁποτέρῳ Rk., εἰ ὁποτέρῳ Ms. 
480 


{ 
᾿ 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV 


accusing Flaccus of various other faults, and finally 
charging that he was going to betray them for 
money ; hence the soldiers drove away Thermus, who 
had been assigned to take charge of them. 

Fimbria destroyed many men, not to serve the best 
ends of justice nor to secure the greatest benefit to 
Rome, but out of anger and lust of slaughter. Here 
is a proof. On one occasion he had ordered a large 
number of stakes to be prepared, to which he would 
then bind the condemned and flog them to death ; 
and when these were found to be far in excess of the 
number who were to be put to death, he commanded 
some of the bystanders to be seized and bound to the 
extra stakes, that they might not seem to have been 
prepared in vain. 

The same man on capturing Ilium slaughtered as 
many persons as he could, sparing none, and all but 
burned the whole city to the ground. And yet he 
had taken the place not by storm, but by guile. For 
after bestowing some praise on them for the embassy 
sent to Sulla and stating that it made no difference 
with which one of the two they came to terms, since 
he and Sulla were both Romans, he thereupon went 
in among them as among friends and did these 
deeds. 

[Dio], Book XXXIII. “For this reason, then, he 
[Sulla?] had up to this time neither been laying 
claim to any of those . . .” 


481 
VOL. Il. II 


B.c. 85 


100 


107 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Ὅτι ὁ Μέτελλος ὑπὸ Kivvou ἡττηθεὶς és τὸν 
Σύλλαν ἧκε καὶ πλεῖστα αὐτῷ συνήρατο' πρὸς 
/ a an 
γάρ τοι τὴν δόξαν τῆς τε δικαιοσύνης αὐτοῦ Kal 
τῆς εὐσεβείας οὐκ ὀλίγοι καὶ τῶν τἀναντία τῷ 
Σύλλᾳ πραττόντων, νομίσαντες αὐτὸν οὐκ ἀκρίτως 
[ὦ al > \ / / \ a 
οἱ συνεῖναι ἀλλὰ τά τε δικαιότερα Kal τὰ TH 
πατρίδι συμφορώτερα ὄντως αἱρεῖσθαι, προσεχώ- 
pnoav σφίσι.---Ν. 117 (p. 653). 
"Ore ὁ Πομπήιος vids ἣν τοῦ Στράβωνος, συνε- 
κρίθη δὲ ὑπὸ Ἰ]λουτάρχου ᾿Αγησιλάῳ τῷ Λακε- 
/ rt / 
δαιμονίῳ. ἀχθόμενος δὲ τοῖς THY πόλιν ἔχουσι 
5 ’ , \ \ > \ 7 ’ e na > \ 
ἐξωρμήθη ἐς τὸ Πικηνὸν αὐτὸς ἐφ᾽ ἑαυτοῦ, οὐδὲ 
“ > aA 
ἐς ἄνδρας πω πάνυ τελῶν, Kal Tap ἐκείνων χεῖρά 
an , 7 
τινα διὰ! τὴν τοῦ πατρὸς ἡγεμονίαν ἀθροίσας 
/ a7 , \ > 2 > ’ / 
δυναστείαν ἰδίαν συνίστη, Kai ὠήθη ἐλλόγιμόν τι 
a fe / \ A 4 4 
πρᾶξαι Kal ἑαυτόν: καὶ τῷ Σύλλᾳ προσεχώρησε. 
/, . 
καὶ ὁ μὲν ato” τοὐτων ἀρξάμενος οὐδὲν μείων 
᾿Ὶ ᾽ὔ » / ’ 5. Ψ x ς > / 
ἐκείνου EYEVETO, ἀλλ ὥσπερ TOV καὶ ἡ ἐπίκλησις 
“ 7 
αὐτῷ προσετέθη, μέγας ηὐξήθη.----Ν. 118 (p. 653). 
, ' ΄ ἐς \ \ at ? ? 
Δίων Ay βιβλίῳ “καὶ yap γελοῖον ἐστιν, ἐν 
7ὔ fal / 
Καμπανίᾳ te αὐτοῦ ὄντος καὶ δυναμένου διὰ 
ταχέων ὧν αἰτίαν ἔχει λόγον ὑποσχεῖν, ἐμὲ 
ὑπερδικεῖν."---ΒΕκκ. Anecd. 177, 30. 
n 3, 4 
Δίων λγ΄ βιβλίῳ “πῶς δ᾽ ἄν τις πιστεύσειεν 
αὐτῷ;"---10. 162, 19. 


1 διὰ Rk., παρὰ Ms. 
2 amd supplied by Rk. 


482 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV 


Metellus after being defeated by Cinna came to 5.σ. 83 
Sulla, and was of the greatest assistance to him. 
For in view of his reputation for justice and filial 
devotion not a few of those even who were opposed 
to Sulla’s policy decided that it was not without 
reason that Metellus was associating with him but 
that he was choosing what was really juster and 
more advantageous for the country, and hence they 
went over to that side. 

Pompey was the son of Strabo, and has been com- 
pared by Plutarch with Agesilaus, the Lacedaemonian.! 
Being angry with those who held the city, he pro- 
ceeded on his own account to Picenum before he had 
quite yet come to man’s estate, and thanks to his 
father’s former rule there he gathered from the 
inhabitants a small band and set up a sovereignty 
of his own, thinking to perform some famous exploit 
by himself; then he joined Sulla. And from this 
beginning he became no less a man than his chief, 
but, even as his title indicates, grew to be Great. 

Dio, Book XXXIII. “ For it is ridiculous when 
he [Scipio ?] is in Campania and able quickly to give 
his answer to the charges brought against him, for 
me to plead in his behalf.” ? 

Dio, Book XXXIII. “But how could anyone 
believe him [Sulla Ὁ]. ? 


1 The reference to Plutarch is hardly by Dio, as he is not 
in the habit of naming his authorities. Cf. Fr. 40, 5. 

2 von Gutschmid believes §§ 2 and 3 are from the speech of 
oper to his troops in defence of Scipio. Cf. Appian, 

ΟΣ 1, 85. 


483 
La 


108 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


“ « / \ 

Ore ὁ Σύλλας τὸ στράτευμα παρέδωκεν ἀνδρὶ 
A> > / 1 / \ ’ a 
μὴτ ἄλλως ἐπαινουμένῳ," καίπερ πολλοὺς EK TOV 
a s19 : a / ¢ Au) 2 / 
ἀπ᾽ ἀρχῆς συγγενομένων οἱ ἔχων καὶ ἐμπειρίᾳ 

> n 
καὶ πράξει προφέροντας, ois” που καὶ ἐς ἐκεῖνο 
fal / \ / a 
τοῦ χρόνου πρὸς πάντα τὰ ἀναγκαῖα ὡς καὶ 
πιστοτάτοις ἐκέχρητο. καὶ πρὶν μὲν νικῆσαι 
> an / > la) \ an ’ ᾽ > lal > / 
ἐδεῖτό τε αὐτῶν καὶ ταῖς ἀπ᾽ αὐτῶν ὠφελίαις 
᾽ n 2 \ \ > / fal / fal 
ἀπεχρῆτο' ἐπεὶ δὲ ἐγγυτέρω τῆς ἐλπίδος τοῦ 
lal / n 
παντελῶς κρατήσειν ἐγένετο, οὐδένα αὐτῶν ETL 
, ce a / 
λόγον ἐποιεῖτο, τοῖς δὲ κακίστοις Kal μήτε ἐν 
/ / an 
περιφανείᾳ γένους μήτε ἐν δόξη ἀρετῆς οὖσι 
μᾶλλον ἐπίστευσεν. αἴτιον δὲ OTL τοὺς μὲν 
a / 
τοιούτους πρὸς πάντα αὐτῷ Kal Ta χείριστα 
ἑτοίμους ὄντας ὑπουργεῖν ἑώρα, καὶ χάριν τε 
ἑαυτῷ πλείστην κἂν ἐλαχίστου τινὸς τύχωσιν 
> / \ Sfp... 2 - ΄, A , 
ὀφειλήσειν, καὶ μήθ᾽ ὑπερφρονήσειν ποτὲ μήτε 
A fal - 
τῶν ἔργων ἢ τῶν βουλευμάτων ἀντιποιήσεσθαι 5 
ἐνόμιζεν, τὸ δ᾽ ἀρετὴν ἔχον οὔτε συγκακουργεῖν 
σ᾽.» ΄ 2 \ At @ nis / \ 
οἱ ἐθελήσειν, ἀλλὰ Kal ἑαυτῷ ἐπιτιμήσειν, Kal TA 
a > / 
γέρα τῶν εὐεργετημάτων κατ᾽ ἀξίαν ἀπαιτήσειν, 
\ / £ Bri 4 > lal [UA Re , 4 
καὶ μηδεμίαν χάριν ἐπ᾽ αὐτοῖς ἅτε καὶ ὀφειλόμενά 
> / Ὁ ΄ , \ 
σφισι ἀπολαμβάνοντας ἕξειν, τάς Te πράξεις καὶ 
τὰς συμβουλίας ὡς καὶ ἑαυτῶν οὔσας προσποιή- 
σεσθαι.---. 119 (p. 654). 


1 The sentence is obviously incomplete. Reiske supplied 
μήτ᾽ ἐν στρατηγίᾳ (‘neither in generalship”’) before μήτ᾽, 
while Bs. assumes the loss of several words after ἐπαινουμένῳ. 

2 ols Val., &s Ms. 


3 ἀντιποιήσεσθαι Val., ἀντιποιήσασθαι Ms, 


484 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV 


Sulla handed over the army to a man [Ofellaj 5.0. 82 
commended [neither for his generalship nor] other- 
wise, in spite of the fact that he had many who 
had been with him from the beginning, superior in 
skill and experience, whom up to that time he had 
employed in all emergencies as being thoroughly 
reliable. Before his victory he had been accustomed 
to make requests of them and to avail himself freely 
of their services ; but as he drew nearer to his dream 
of absolute power, he no longer took any account 
of them, but reposed his trust rather in the basest 
men, and in those who were neither conspicuous for 
their family nor possessed of a reputation for upright- 
ness. ‘The reason was that he saw that such persons 
were ready to assist him in all his projects, even the 
basest ; and he thought they would be most grateful 
to him if they should obtain even the smallest favours, 
and moreover would never feel themselves his 
superiors nor lay claim to either his deeds or his 
plans. The virtuous element, on the other hand, 
would not be willing to help him in his evil-doing 
but would even rebuke him; they would demand 
rewards for benefits conferred, according to merit, 
would feel no gratitude for them but accept them 
as their due, and would claim his deeds and plans as 
their own. 


485 


109 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


Ὅτι ὁ Σύλλας νικήσας τοὺς Σαυνίτας μέχρι 
μὲν δὴ οὖν τῆς ἡμέρας ἐκείνης διαπρεπὴς ἦν, καὶ 
ὄνομα ἀπὸ τε τῶν στρατηγημάτων καὶ ἀπὸ τῶν 
βουλευμάτων μέγιστον ἔσχε, φιλανθρωπίᾳ τε 
καὶ εὐσεβείᾳ πολὺ προέχειν ἐνομίζετο, ὥ καὶ 

' ροέχ μίζετο, ὥστε κα 


τὴν τύχην σύμμαχον ἀπὸ τῆς ἀρετῆς πάντας 


» » \ c a \ \ \ a 4 
ἔχειν αὐτὸν ἡγεῖσθαι: μετὰ δὲ δὴ τοῦτο τοσαύτην 
\ > / Ψ δ᾽ A 1 fa > a 
μεταβολὴν ἐποιήσατο ὥστε μηδ᾽ av! τοῦ αὐτοῦ 
/ fal \ \ / Ϊ 
τινα φάναι ταῦτά τε καὶ τὰ ἔπειτα εἶναι. οὕτως, 
\ 
@s” ἔοικεν, οὐκ ἤνεγκεν εὐτυχήσας. καὶ yap 
> Ὁ ἃ Ψ Ψ \ 5 ” > / * 
ἐκεῖνα ἃ ἕως ἀσθενὴς ἣν ἄλλοις ἐπεκάλει, Kal 
Ψ / \ > , 7 / 
ἕτερα πλείω καὶ ἀτοπώτερα ἔπραξε, βουλόμενος 
/ \ a4 > 4 > \ eae wr Pe / 
μέν που καὶ ἀεὶ αὐτά, ἔἐλεγχθεὶς δὲ ἐν TH ἐξουσίᾳ. 
» ᾽ e \ \ / BA / ς 
ἀφ᾽ οὗπερ καὶ τὰ μάλιστα ἔδοξέ τισιν ἡ κακο- 
/ “ > n 
πραγία μέρος οὐκ ἐλάχιστον ἔχειν τῆς ἀρετῆς." 
e \ / e / 4 lal Ss “ 2 / 
ὁ yap Σύλλας ὡς τάχιστα ὁ τῶν Σαυνιτῶν ἐκρά- 
an v4 , 
τησε καὶ τέλος τῷ πολέμῳ ἐπιτεθεικέναι ἐνόμισε 
\ \ ὃ) \ > 18 \ / > al 
(τὰ yap δὴ λοιπὰ ἐν οὐδενὶ λόγῳ ἐποιεῖτο), μετε- 
Ν lal ἴω / 
βάλετο, καὶ ἑαυτὸν μὲν ἔξω τε τῶν τειχῶν τρόπον 
Ν Ni) lal 4 / Ν δὲ on; Ki 
τινὰ Kal ἐν TH μάχῃ κατέλιπεν, τὸν δὲ δὴ Κίνναν 
\ \ / Ψ 5 Ἀ᾿Ἱ \ 5 δ heelys 
καὶ τὸν Μάριον τούς τεῦ ἀλλοὺυς τοὺς MET αὐτὸν 
/ \ 
γενομένους πάντας ἅμα ὑπερέβαλεν. ὅσα. yap 
a ca / 
μηδένα τῶν δήμων τῶν ὀθνείων ἀντιπολεμησάντων 
al / \ , »: 
οἱ ἔδρασε, ταῦτα τότε τὴν πατρίδα καθάπερ καὶ 
a \ 
ἐκείνην νικήσας ἐξειργάσατο. τοῦτο μὲν yap avOn- 


1 μηδ᾽ ἂν ΒΚ., μηδὲ Ms. 2 ὡς supplied by Val. 

τῆς ἀρετῆς supplied by Cary, τῆς ἀρετῆς αὐτοῦ Bs. 

ὡς τάχιστα Dind., τάχιστα ws Ms. 

τούς τε supplied by Bs., space of some six letters in Ms. 


486 


a fF ὦ: 


δα. i i δων 


EE δι νων. ἀμ δαννν. Δυνὰ. ὐϑν. ἡ νων 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV 


Sulla up to the day that he conquered the Sam- 
nites had been a conspicuous figure, possessing the 
greatest renown for his generalship and his plans, 
and was believed to be a very superior man both in 
humaneness and piety, so that all believed he had 
Fortune as an ally because of his excellence. But after 
this event he changed so much that one would not 
say his earlier and his later deeds were those of the 
same person. Thus it would appear that he could 
not endure good fortune. For he now committed 
acts which he had censured in other persons while he 
was still weak, and a great many others still more 
outrageous. He had doubtless always desired 
to act thus, but revealed himself only in the ᾿ 
day of his power. This fact produced a strong con- 
viction in the minds of some that adversity has not a 
little to do with virtue. Thus Sulla, as soon as he 
had conquered the Samnites and thought he had put 
an end to the war,—for he considered the rest as of no 
account,—changed his course, and leaving behind his 
former self, as it were, outside the wall on the field 
of battle, proceeded to outdo Cinna and Marius and 
all their successors combined. Treatment that he 
had accorded to none of the foreign peoples who had 
opposed him he bestowed upon his native land, as if 
he had actually subdued that also. In the first place, 


487 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


\ \ \ “ / a 
μερὸν Tas κεφαλὰς τοῦ τε Δαμασίππου καὶ τῶν 
/ > 8 \ \ / / 
συνεξετασθέντων αὐτῷ πρὸς TO Πραινέστε πέμψας 
ἀνεσκολόπισε, καὶ τῶν παραδόντων σφᾶς ἐθε- 
λοντὰς συχνοὺς ὡς καὶ ἄκοντας ἑλὼν ἀπέκτεινεν. 

\ a 6 / - nw ᾽ λ. 4,3 a 

καὶ TH ὑστεραίᾳ τοῖς τε βουλευταῖς ἐς τὸ Evveion, 
/ a “Ὁ 
ὡς καὶ ἀπολογιούμενός" τι αὐτοῖς, καὶ τοῖς ζωγρη- 

a > \ | \ \ , ΄ e 
θεῖσι és τὸν ἀγρὸν τὸν δημόσιον καλούμενον ὡς 

ιν \ 7 > \ > 4 a 
καὶ ἐς τὸν κατάλογον αὐτοὺς ἐσγράώψων συνελθεῖν 

, ΄ ὩΨ ᾽ = ΒΚ > / \ 

κελεύσας, τούτους ἅμα δι᾽ ἑτέρων ἐφόνευσε (Kal 
\ a > a / > 4 >’ 

πολλοὶ τῶν ἐκ τῆς πόλεως ἀνθρώπων ἀναμι- 

θέ / / \ > 7, eS 2 
χθέντες σφίσι παραπώλοντο), καὶ ἐκείνοις αὐτὸς 

/ / 
πικρότατα διελέξατο.---Υ. 120 (p. 654). 
¢ a / / 

Ὅτε ὁ φόνος τῶν ἑαλωκότων Kal τότε οὐδὲν 
Γ ς Ν a 4 7 αὶ \ > lal e 
ἧττον ὑπὸ τοῦ Σύλλου ἐγίγνετο, Kal αὐτῶν ἅτε 
5 \ fal ral / \ \ , 
ἐγγὺς τοῦ ναοῦ θνησκόντων πολὺς μὲν θόρυβος 

\ \ \ n ’ , ναι, Ν b] \ 
πολὺς δὲ καὶ θρῆνος oipwyat te καὶ ὀδυρμοὶ ἐς TO 


8 “ \ ¥ » 
WOTE Τὴν γερουσιαν ἀμφο- 


συνέδριον ἐσέπιπτον, 
/ > 4 \ \ > \ , 
τέρωθεν ἐκταράττεσθαι. καὶ γὰρ οὐδὲ πόρρω 
“ \ \ 7 a 
ἔτι τοῦ TL Kal αὐτοὶ δεινὸν πείσεσθαι προσδοκᾶν 
ο / a / Ψ \ 
ἧσαν, οὕτως ἀνόσια αὐτοῦ Kal λέγοντος ἅμα Kai 
[4 \ \ “Ὁ Ψ [τ » 7” 2 
πράττοντος" Kal διὰ τοῦτο πολλοί, ἅτε ἐπ᾿ ἀμφο- 
J, A lal y ral 
τέροις ἐν ταὐτῷ περιαλγοῦντες, ἐπεθύμουν τῶν 
” \ > \ a 4 > 4 9 “ 
ἔξω καὶ αὐτοὶ τῶν ἤδη ἀπολλυμένων εἶναι, ἵνα 
4 ’ 7 » » > ν \ \ 
παύσωνταί ποτε φοβούμενοι. ἀλλ᾽ αὐτοὶ μὲν 


1 ἀπολογιούμενός ΒΙκ., ἀπολογούμενός Ms. 
2 αὐτὸς Rk., αὐτοῖς Ms. 3 ἐσέπιπτον Bk., συνέπιπτον Ms. 


488 


ti tit να i te 


BOOKS ΧΧΧΟΧΧΧΥν 


he promptly sent the heads of Damasippus and _ his 
followers to Praeneste and had them stuck on 
poles ; and many of those who voluntarily surrendered 
he killed as if he had captured them without their 
consent. The next day he ordered the senators to 
assemble at the temple of Bellona, as if he were 
going to make some defence of his conduct, and 
ordered the captives to meet at the so-called “ public 
field,’ 1 as if he would enroll them in the lists; and 
while these were slain by others at his command 
(and there perished along with them many persons 
from the city who were mixed in among them), 
he himself addressed a very bitter speech to the 
senators. 

The massacre of the prisoners was going on 
just the same even then under Sulla’s direction, 
and as they were being killed near the temple, 
the great uproar and lamentation that they made, 
their cries and wails, invaded the senate-house. 
Thus the senators were doubly alarmed; for they 
had now about come to the point of expecting that 
they themselves, too, would suffer some terrible 
fate, so unholy were both his words and _ his 
deeds. Therefore many, tortured by this two- 
fold anguish, were wishing that they themselves 
belonged to the number of men already perishing 
outside, in order that they might gain respite at 
last from fear. Their fate, however, was postponed, 


1 The villa publica. 
489 


10 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ , 
ἀνεβέβληντο, οἱ δ᾽ ἄλλοι κατεσφάγησαν Kal és 
\ \ 5 ͵ 4 \ “Ὁ / 
τὸν ποταμὸν ἐρρίφησαν, ὥστε TO τοῦ Μιθριδάτου 
\ δ 
πολὺ δεινὸν νομισθέν, ὅτι ποτὲ πάντας τοὺς ἐν 
τῇ ᾿Ασίᾳ Ῥωμαίους ἐν μιᾷ ἡμέρᾳ ἀπέ ἢ 
ῇ ὶ μαίους ἐν μιᾷ ἡμέρᾳ ἀπέκτεινεν, ἐν 
a / \ a . \ / 
βραχεῖ πρὸς τε τὸ πλῆθος Kal πρὸς τὸν τρόπον 
“ / / a 
τῶν τότε φονευθέντων νομισθῆναι. οὐδὲ év- 
A \ 
ταῦθα τὸ δεινὸν ἔστη, ἀλλ᾽ ὥσπερ ἀπὸ φρυ- 
/ \ > lal € \ > / \ > 
KTwplas τινὸς ἐκεῖθεν αἱ σφαγαὶ ἀρξάμεναι καὶ ἐν 
A / a a val 
τῷ ἄστει Kal ἐν TH χώρᾳ ταῖς TE πόλεσι ταῖς ἐν 
τῇ Ιταλίᾳ πάσαις ἐγένοντο. πολλοὺς μὲν ya 
ῇ : ς ἐγ : ς μὲν γὰρ 
ἄν ς / \ \ ae a a 
αὐτὸς ὁ Σύλλας, πολλοὺς δὲ Kal οἱ ἑταῖροι αὐτοῦ, 
ἢ \ SAR Aad , ς \ \ , 
οἱ μὲν ἐπ᾽ ἀληθείας, οἱ δὲ καὶ προσποιούμενοι, 
> / “ > fal “ ς / 
ἐμίσουν, ὅπως ἐκ τῆς τῶν ἔργων ὁμοιότητος TO 
Cilia / ς > ΄ \ \ , 
Te ὁμόηθές of ἐνδεικνύοντες Kal THY φιλίαν 
“ a / a 
βεβαιοῦντες, un? ἐκ Tod διαφόρου avT@® ὑποπτευ- 
aL? a \ \ A 
θῶσί te* καταγιγνώσκειν τι αὐτοῦ Kal διὰ τοῦτο 
rd ” \ \ “ 
κινδυνεύσωσιν. ἔσφαζον δὲ καὶ ὅσους πλου- 
a x \ ” ς / / 
TovvTas ἢ Kal ἄλλως πως ὑπερέχοντάς σφων 
e-7 \ \ / \ \ \ \ / 
ἑώρων, τοὺς μὲν φθόνῳ, τοὺς δὲ διὰ τὰ χρήματα" 
a \ an tA lal Y 4 Xx 
πλεῖστοι γὰρ ἐν τῷ τοιούτῳ Kal TOV μέσων, κἂν 
/ , 
μηδετέρωσε συναίρωνται .. .. ,2 ἴδιον τε ἔγκλημα 
\ 5) / / 
TO κατ᾽ ἀρετὴν ἢ Kal γένει πλούτῳ TE τινος 
/ / \ > / > , 
προέχειν λαμβάνοντες. Kal ἀσφάλεια οὐδεμία 
> \ \ \ 3 / \ > a 
οὐδενὶ πρὸς τοὺς ἐν κράτει τινὶ ἀδικεῖν βουλο- 
/ 
μένους evptoKeto.—V. 121 (p. 657). 


1 τὸ supplied by Rk. 2 μὴ supplied by Val. 3 αὐτῷ 
Rk., αὐτῶν Ms. + ve Rk., τε καὶ Ms. 5 μηδετέρωσε 
συναίρωντάαι... Bs., unde ετέρασ εἰ συναιρωντεσ Ms, 

490 


ee 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV 


while the rest were slaughtered and thrown into the 
river, so that the deed of Mithridates, deemed so 
terrible, in slaughtering all the Romans in Asia in 
one day, was regarded as of slight importance in com- 
parison with the number now massacred and their 
manner of death. Nor did the horror stop here, but 
the massacres which began at this point, as if by a 
kind of signal, occurred in the country and in all the 
cities of Italy, as well as in the capital. Many, of 
course, were objects of Sulla’s hatred, many also 
of that of his followers; but, while with some this 
hatred was genuine, with others it was a mere 
pretence. They wished to show that they were 
like him by doing like deeds, and so strengthen 
their place in his friendship; thus they would not, 
by reason of any dissimilarity, be suspected of dis- 
approving some of his deeds, and so incur danger. 
They proceeded to murder all whom they saw to 
surpass them either in wealth or in any other 
respect, some out of envy and others on account 
of their possessions. For under such conditions 
many neutral persons even, though they may take 
neither side, become the objects of some private 
complaint, as surpassing someone in excellence 
or wealth and family, [and so perish?]. No safety 
was to be found for any one against those possess- 
ing any power who wished to commit injustice. - 


491 


1] 


12 


18 


14 


9105 ROMAN HISTORY 


/ a \ 
“Ὅτι τοιαῦται συμφοραὶ τὴν Ρώμην περιέσχον. 
/ \ ” \ lal , ef / Δ 
τί γὰρ ἄν τις τὰς τῶν ζώντων ὕβρεις λέγοι, ai 
\ al 
πολλαὶ μὲν περὶ τὰς γυναῖκας, πολλαὶ δὲ περὶ 
τοὺς παῖδας τοὺς εὐγενεστάτους καὶ ἐλλογιμω- 
/ 
τάτους καθάπερ αἰχμαλώτους ἐγίγνοντο; οὐ μὴν 
ἀλλὰ ἐκεῖνα, καίπερ χαλεπώτατα ὄντα, τῷ γοῦν 
« , lal "ὃ ,ὔ , > \ 
ὁμοιοτρόύπῳ τῶν ἤδη σφίσι συμβεβηκότων οἰστὰ 
a / 
τοῖς γε ἐκτὸς τούτων οὖσιν ἐδόκει εἶναι. ὡς δὲ 
a 4 ? 
οὐκ ἐξήρκει TO Σύλλᾳ, οὐδ᾽ ἠγάπα τὰ αὐτὰ 
ey “ b / > a / > / \ ᾽ 
ἑτέροις δρῶν, ἀλλά τις αὐτῷ πόθος ἐσήει καὶ ἐν 
fal / lal \ 
τῇ πολυτροπίᾳ τῶν φόνων πολὺ πάντων περι- 
a \ a 
cival, ὥσπερ τινὰ ἀρετὴν οὖσαν TO μηδὲ ἐν ταῖς 
, \ a * 
μιαιφονίαις τινὸς ἡττᾶσθαι, τινὰ καινότητα ἐξέ- 
7 / > a “ας \ 
θηκε λελευκωμένον πίνακα, ἐς ὃν ἐνέγραφε τὰ 
ὀνόματα. οὐ μέντοι γε ἧττον πάντα ὅσα καὶ 
\ ὅν. δ 1 ὑδὲ > a > a ¢ \ ᾽ Ν 
πρὶν ἐγίγνετο, οὐδὲ ἐν τῷ ἀσφαλεῖ οἱ μὴ ἐς τὰ 
, 2 ’ Ls \ \ \ 
λευκώματα ἐγγεγραμμένοι σαν. πολλοὶ μὲν γὰρ 
¢ \ n μι \ \ , pea ton, , a 
οἱ μὲν ζῶντες οἱ δὲ Kal τεθνηκότες ἐπ᾽ ἀδείᾳ τῶν 
a “ 
ἀποκτεινάντων σφᾶς προσενεγράφοντο, ὥστε ἐν 
a \ a a , 
τούτῳ μηδὲν διενεγκεῖν TO πρᾶγμα, TH τε δεινότητι 
τῇ τε ἀτοπίᾳ αὐτοῦ πάνυ πάντας χαλεπανθῆναι. 
τά τε γὰρ πινάκια ὥσπερ τις ἀναγραφὴ βουλευ- 
a lal / ’, 
τῶν ἢ κατάλογος στρατιωτῶν νομιζομένων ἐξετί- 
» 
θετο, καὶ συνέθεον ἐπ᾽ αὐτὰ πάντες οἱ ἀεὶ παρι- 
a \ \ , 
όντες" σπουδῇ, καθάπερ τινὰ χρηστὴν ἐπαγγελίαν 
a \ 
ἔχοντα" Kal πολλοὶ μὲν συγγενεῖς, ἤδη δέ τινες Kal 
1 ἐγίγνετο Val., γίγνεται Ms. 2 παριόντες Bk., παρόντες Ms. 
492 


— 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV 


Such calamities encompassed Rome. But why 
narrate the outrages offered to the living, in many 
cases to women, and in many to the noblest and 
most distinguished boys, as if they were captives 
taken in war? Nevertheless, these deeds, though 
most distressing, still by reason of their similarity 
to others previously experienced seemed endurable 
to such persons at least as were not involved in 
them. But Sulla was not satisfied, nor was he 
content to do the same as others; a certain longing 
came over him to go far beyond all others in the 
variety also of his murders, as if there were some 
virtue in being excelled by none even in blood- 
guiltiness. Accordingly he brought forward a new 
device, a whitened tablet, on which he inscribed 
the names. Nevertheless everything went on as 
before, and not even those whose names were 
not inscribed on the tablets were safe. For the 
names of many, some living and others actually dead, 
were added to the lists so that the slayers might 
gain immunity ; thus in this respect the procedure 
marked no new departure, yet equally by its terror 
and by its strangeness it angered absolutely every 
one. The tablets were exposed like some register of 
senators or list of approved soldiers, and all those 
passing by from time to time would rush up eagerly 
to it in crowds, just as if it contained some 
favourable announcement ; then many would find 


493 


15 


16 


17 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


ς \ LA / 
ἑαυτοὺς εὕρισκον Eyyeypappévous,! κἀκ τούτου TO 
10 e » 7 a / / 2 
πάθος οἷα ἐξαπιναίῳ κακῷ φοβερώτερόν " σφας 
κατελάμβανεν" καὶ συχνοὶ καὶ ἀπ᾽ αὐτοῦ τούτου 
γνωριζόμενοι διώχλλυντο. καὶ ἣν οὐδενὶ ἔξω τῶν ἐκ 
a ς / > \ 50 " \ 7 
τῆς ἑταιρείας ἀσφαλὲς οὐδέν. εἴτε γὰρ προσίοι 
a: , / \ 
τίς TOis*® AEvKw@pATLY, αἰτίαν ὡς καὶ πολυπραγ- 
n 3 \ / if 
μονῶν τι εἶχεν, εἴτε μὴ προσίοι, δυσχεραίνειν 
’ / δ / \ rat 
ἐδόκει. Kal 6 τε avadeyomevos ἢ Kal ἐπερωτῶν 
\ 
τινα τὰ ἐγγεγραμμένα ὕποπτος, ὡς Kal περὶ 
a a , a / Νε τ 
ἑαυτοῦ τι τῶν τε ἑταίρων ζητῶν, ἐγίγνετο, καὶ ὁ 
’ 7 / 
μὴ ἀναγιγνώσκων μηδὲ πυνθανόμενος ἄχθεσθαί 
a \ a n 
τε αὐτοῖς ὑπωπτεύετο Kal διὰ τοῦτο καὶ ἐμισεῖτο. 
/ an δ \ 
TO τε δακρῦσαι ἢ Kal γελάσαι θανάσιμον τὸ 
an \ a / 
παραχρῆμα ἐγίγνετο" καὶ διὰ τοῦτο Kal πολλοί, 
ο ) 4Φ / 
οὐχ OTL Kal εἶπόν τι ἢ Kal ἔπραξαν ὧν ἀπείρητο, 
» >] “ \ > / BD \ > / 
ἀλλ᾽ ὅτι Kal ἐσκυθρώπασαν ἢ Kal ἐμειδίασαν, 
© \ 7 a ᾿ 
ἐφθείροντο. οὕτω καὶ τὰ σχήματα αὐτῶν ἀκρι- 
a > a \ > ISA >) \ A a ἋΝ / 4 
Bas ἐτηρεῖτο, καὶ οὐκ ἐξῆν οὐδενὶ οὔτε ἐπὶ φίλῳ 
> a a Ν 
ὀδύρασθαι οὔτε ἐπ᾽ ἐχθρῷ ἐφησθῆναι, ἀλλὰ καὶ 
a / \ 
ἐκεῖνοι ὡς Kal χλευάζοντές τινα ἐσφάζοντο. καὶ 
- / 
προσέτι Kal ai® ἐπικλήσεις συχνοῖς πράγματα 
a a \ > 
παρεῖχον" ἀγνοοῦντες yap τινες TOUS ἐπικεκηρυγ- 
4 ἃ \ 2 ,ὔ 
μένους ἐπὶ πάντας οὺς ἐβούλοντο τὰς ἐπωνυμίας 
40 0A > \ \ ὃ \ nw ἡ ily θ᾽ δ 
αὐτῶν ἦγον, καὶ πολλοὶ διὰ τοῦτ᾽ ἀνθ᾽ ἑτέρων 
’ ἴω 
ἀπέθανον. ὥστε καὶ ἐν τούτῳ ταραχὴν, τῶν 


1 ἐγγεγραμμένους Polak, ἐγγεγραμμένους κτείνεσθαι Ms. 
3 φοβερώτερον Kuiper, φοβερόν Ms. 3 rots added by Bk. 
4 φίλῳ Rk., φίλων Ms. 5 αἱ added by Rk. 


494 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV 


relatives’ names inscribed, and some, indeed, their 
own, whereupon their fate, because of the suddenness 
of the calamity, became the more terrible, and many 
of them, making themselves known by their very 
behaviour, perished. There was no safety at all for 
any one outside of Sulla’s circle. For if a man 
approached the tablets, he incurred censure as a 
busybody, whereas, if he failed to approach, he was 
regarded as a malcontent. The man who read the 
list or asked any one a question about what was 
written there became suspected of enquiring about 
himself or his companions, and the one who did not 
read or enquire was suspected of being displeased at 
it and for that reason incurred hatred. Tears or 
laughter proved fatal on the spot ; hence many were 
destroyed, not because they had said or done any- 
thing forbidden, but because they either frowned 
or smiled. So carefully were their attitudes 
observed ; and it was permitted to no one either to 
mourn over a friend or to exult over an enemy, 
but even these were slain on the ground that 
they were jeering at somebody. Furthermore many 
found trouble in their very names: for, some who 
were unacquainted with the proscribed applied their 
names to whomsoever they pleased, and thus many 
perished in the place of others. This resulted in 


2 


495 


18 


19 


2] 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


\ “ \ ’ / \ / 1 
μὲν ὅπως ποτὲ ἐβούλοντο τὸν προστυχόντα 
’ n lal 
ὀνομαζόντων, τῶν δὲ ἀρνουμένων μὴ οὕτω καλεῖ- 

, > 4 \ e \ > n 
σθαι, γίγνεσθαι. ἐφονεύοντο δὲ οἱ μὲν ἀγνοοῦντες 
δ a 
ὅτι τελευτήσουσιν, οἱ δὲ Kal προειδότες, πανταχοῦ 
ὅπουπερ ἐτύγχανον " ὄντες: καὶ οὐδὲν ἣν αὐτοῖς 

/ > 7 » ε / δῶ Νὰ. \ ” 9% 
χωρίον, οὐχ ὅσιον, οὐχ ἱερόν, οὔτ᾽ ἀσφαλὲς οὔτ 
ἄσυλον. οὐ μὴν ἀλλ᾽ οἱ μὲν ἐξαίφνης, πρὶν 
μαθεῖν τὴν ἐπικρεμαμένην συμφοράν, ἢ καὶ ἅμα 

a A / a a 
TH πύστει αὐτῆς, διαφθειρόμενοι TH γοῦν εὐτυχίᾳ" 

n \ / > / e \ \ 
τῆς μὴ προεκφοβήσεως ἐπεκουφίζοντο' οἱ δὲ δὴ 

I a a / 
προαισθόμενοι τοῦ δεινοῦ καὶ κατακρυπτόμενοι 
χαλεπώτατα ἀπήλλασσον: οὔτε γὰρ ἀποχω- 
ρῆσαι μὴ φωραθεῖεν ἐτόλμων, οὔτ᾽ ad κατὰ χώραν 
μένειν μὴ καὶ" προδοθεῖεν ὑπέμενον. πλεῖστοι δὲ 

x at \ “ / \ / / / 
Kal ὑπὸ τῶν συνόντων Kal φιλτάτων σφίσι προεδό- 
θησαν καὶ ἀπώλοντο. κἀκ τούτου τῇ προσδοκίᾳ 

“6 2 IN \ / δέ > “ 7 e 
τοῦ" ἀεὶ τὸν θάνατον προσδέχεσθαι οὐχ OTL' οἱ 

/ 
ἐς τὰ πινάκια ἐγγεγραμμένοι μόνον, ἀλλὰ Kal οἱ 
¢ 
λοιποὶ ὁμοίως ἔπασχον.---Υ. 122 (p. 658). 
“ / a / ς δὰ e 
Ore πάντων τῶν σφαζομένων οπουδὰν ai 

a \ ESS. Roe oe iy , 
κεφαλαὶ ἐς τὴν τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἀγορὰν ἐκομίζοντο 

\ δ ΓΝ, ἴω ‘ > , “ Δ @ \ 
Kal ἐπὶ τοῦ βήματος ἐξετίθεντο, ὥσθ᾽ ὅσα περὶ 

a Ν 
τὰς προγραφὰς συνέβαινεν, ταῦτα καὶ περὶ 
ἐκείνας γίγνεσθαι.---Ν. 123 (p. 662). 


1 τὸν προστυχόντα Rk., τῶν προστυχόντων Ms. 


ὅπουπερ ἐτύγχανον Val., ὅπου παρετύγχανον Ms. 

εὐτυχίᾳ Val., ἀτυχίᾳ Ms. 

οὔτε Bk., ov Ms. 5 uh καὶ Val., καὶ μὴ Ms. 

τοῦ Bs., τὸ Ms. 7 οὐχ ὅτι Bs., ὅτι οὐχ. Ms. 


ao fF ὦ» ιὖ 


496 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV 


great confusion, since some would apply to any 
they met whatever names they pleased, and the 
others would deny that these were their names. 
Some were murdered while still ignorant of the fact 
that they were to die, and others, who knew it in 
advance, were slain anywhere that they happened 
to be; no place, either profane or sacred, was 
safe or inviolate for them. Some, to be sure, 
by perishing suddenly before learning of the 
catastrophe hanging over them, or indeed at the very 
moment of receiving the news, were fortunate in 
being relieved of the terror preceding death; but 
those who learned of their danger in advance and hid 
themselves were ina wretched plight. They neither 
dared to withdraw, for fear of being detected, nor 
could they endure to remain where they were for 
fear of betrayal. Very many of them were actually 
betrayed by their associates and those dearest to 
them, and so perished. Consequently, as a result of 
this state of constant expectation of death, not 
only those whose names were inscribed suffered, but 
the rest also in equal measure. 

The heads of all those slaughtered in whatever 
place were brought to the Roman Forum and exposed 
on the rostra, so that the same scenes were being 
enacted around them as around the proscription lists. 


497 
VOL. 11. kK 


111 


3b 


DIO’'S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ al lal 
Ὅτι τῶν Κρητῶν πρεσβευσαμένων πρὸς τοὺς 
« 
Ῥωμαίους, καὶ ἐλπιζόντων τάς τε παλαιὰς σπον- 
das ἀνανεώσεσθαι' καὶ προσέτι καὶ εὐεργεσίαν 
τῆς τοῦ ταμίου τῶν τε συστρατιωτῶν αὐτοῦ " σω- 
/ « / e ? \ “Ὁ Ὡ \ 
τηρίας εὑρήσεσθαι, οὗτοι ὀργὴν μᾶλλον ὅτι μὴ 
gol 4 A / > a Wa es / 
ἑάλωσαν λαβόντες ἢ χάριν αὐτοῖς OTL μὴ ἐκείνους 
” , vy > 2} fi v > ΄ 
ἔφθειραν γνόντες, οὔτ᾽ ἄλλως μέτριόν TL ἀπεκρί- 
ναντο, καὶ τοὺς αἰχμαλώτους τούς τε αὐτομόλους 
ἅπαντας παρ᾽ αὐτῶν ἀπήτησαν. καὶ ὁμήρους 
a \ 
χρήματά TE πολλὰ αἰτήσαντες, τάς TE ναῦς TAS 
/ ἃ \ yy \ / > / 
μείζους Kal τοὺς ἄνδρας τοὺς Kopudaious ἐξαιτή- 
a / 
σαντες, οὐκ ἀνέμειναν τὴν οἴκοθεν αὐτῶν ἀπό- 
\ lal \ ἴω 
κρίσιν, ἀλλὰ τῶν ὑπάτων αὐτίκα τὸν ἕτερον ταῦτά 
’ \ 7 / x \ 
Te ληψόμενον Kal πολεμήσοντά σφισιν, ἂν μὴ 
fal ¢ \ 
διδῶσιν, ὥσπερ οὐκ ἔμελλον," ἐξέπεμψαν" οἱ * yap 
ἀπ᾽ ἀρχῆς, πρὶν αἰτηθῆναί τι τοιοῦτο καὶ κρα- 
a a ca) > \ 
τῆσαι, μὴ θελήσαντες ὁμολογῆσαι πῶς ἂν μετὰ 
τὴν νίκην τοσαῦτά τε ἅμα καὶ τοιαῦτα προστατ- 
a lal / 
TOMEVOL ἤνεγκαν; τοῦτό τε οὖν σαφῶς εἰδότες, 
/ 
καὶ προσυποπτεύσαντες τοὺς πρέσβεις ἐπιχει- 
\ , 
ρήσειν τινάς, ὡς καὶ κωλύσοντας τὴν στρατείαν, 
~ * , 2 ἴω Ὁ 
διαφθεῖραι ὃ χρήμασιν, ἐψηφίσαντο ἐν τῇ βουλῇ 
μηδένα αὐτοῖς μηδὲν davetoar.—U® 29 (p. 388). 
, a / “ 
Ἔν λε΄ βιβλίῳ (Δίων) “ἢ τοῖς πολεμίοις ἡμῶν 
mpootrounoat. —Bekk. Anecd. 165, 18. 


1 ἀνανεώσεσθαι Leuncl., ἀνανεώσασθαι Mss. 

2 αὐτοῦ Bs., αὐτῶν Mss. 3 ἔμελλον Urs., ἔμελλεν Mss. 
+ of Urs., ὦ Mss. 5 σαφῶς Leuncl., σφᾶς Mss. 

ὃ διαφθεῖραι Rk., διαφθαρῆναι and διαφθαρῆσαι Mss. 


498 


BOOKS XXX-XXXV . 


The Cretans sent an embassy to the Romans, hoping 5.6. 70 
to renew the old treaty and furthermore to obtain 
some kindness in return for saving the quaestor 
and his soldiers. But the Romans, possessed rather 
with anger at their failure to subdue the Cretans 
than with gratitude to them for not destroying their 
men, returned no mild answer, but among other 
things demanded back from them all the captives and 
deserters. They also demanded hostages and large 
sums of money, required the larger ships and the chief 
men to be given up, and would not wait for an 
answer from the envoys’ country, but sent out one of 
the consuls immediately to take over the things sur- 
rendered and to make war upon them if they failed to 
give them up—as proved to be the case. For why 
should these men, who had refused to make terms 
in the beginning, before any such demand had been 
made and before they had conquered, now submit, 
after their victory, to demands of such a nature? 
The Romans, clearly realizing this fact and suspect- 
ing, furthermore, that the envoys would try to corrupt 
some persons with money, so as to hinder the 
expedition, voted in the senate that no one should 
lend them anything. 

[Dio,] Book XXXV. “ Or to assist our enemies.”’ 


499 


FRAGMENTS OF UNCERTAIN 
REFERENCE 


/ Wek Στὸν 7 Δ 6c 25/7 \ \ \ 

Ν κότον ἐν Ρωμαϊκῇ ἱστορίᾳ ὀλίγα Hamish, καὶ 
Lal / nw na 

Ta κουφότατα τῶν πλοίων πρὸς TH γῇ ὥρμει: TA 

δὲ ὃ} / \ 7 / ὃ \ \ / 

ἢ πλείω καὶ μείζω μετέωρα διὰ τὰ τενάγη 

amreaadevev. —Etym. Magn., Photius and Suidas 
s.v. ἐσάλευε, Suidas s.v. τενάγη, Apostol. 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 44.? 


Αὐσονία δὲ κυρίως, ὡς Δίων γράφει ὁ Κοκκει- 
ανός, ἡ τῶν Αὐρούγκων γῆ μόνη λέγεται, μέσον 
Καμπανῶν καὶ Οὐολκῶν παρὰ θάλασσαν κει- 
μένη, συχνοὶ δὲ μέχρι τοῦ Λατίου Αὐσονίαν 
εἶναι ἐνόμισαν, ὥστε καὶ πᾶσαν τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν 
ἀπ᾽ αὐτῆς... 

Tzetzes in Lyeophy, Alex. 615.? 


Avo oves yap κυρίως, ὥσπερ καὶ “περὶ τὰς ἀρχὰς 
εἶπον, οἱ Αὐροῦγκοι λέγονται μέσον Καμπανῶν 
καὶ Οὐόλκων κείμενοι" οἱ δὲ μέχρι Λατίου 
Αὐσονίαν ἐνόμισαν εἶναι, ὥστε ἐκ τούτου τινὲς 
καὶ πᾶσαν τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν φασίν. 

1 Ῥωμαϊκῇ ἱστορίᾳ Et. Magn., Ῥωμαϊκοῖς Suid., Phot., Apost. 


2 The text is that of Scheer in his edition of the scholia 
(1908). 


500 


FRAGMENTS OF UNCERTAIN 
REFERENCE 


Dio, Roman History. “A few of the lightest 
boats were moored inshore; but most of them, 
being larger, rode at anchor in the open sea because 


of the shoals.” 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 44. 


The name Ausonia, according to Dio Cocceianus, 
is properly applied only to the land of the Aurunci, 
situated on the coast between the Campanians and 
Volsci. Yet many have supposed that Ausonia 
extended up to Latium, so that from it all Italy 
[was called Ausonia]. 


Tzetzes in Lycophr. Alex. 615. 


The name Ausonians, as 1 wrote near the begin- 
ning, is properly applied to the Aurunci situated 
between the Campanians and Volsci. Yet some have 
supposed that Ausonia extended up to Latium, so 
that from this circumstance some say that [it was] 


the whole of Italy. 


501 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


(1) Δίων “εὐεργεσίαν: ὑμῖν" ὀφειλήσει."--- 
Bekk. Anecd. 160, 17. 

(2) Παρὰ Δίωνι “ οὔκουν οὐδ᾽ ἄρχοντες πρὶν 
διανομοθετηθῆναι περὶ αὐτῶν ὠνομάζοντο."--- 
πα ΕΘ ΜΉ: 

(3) Δίων “οὐχ ὅπως ἐπείσθησαν avrov.”—Ibid. 
p. 164, 23. 

(4) Δίωνος 10’ βιβλίῳ “καὶ τούς Te ἀντεπεξελ- 
θόντας οἱ avéxoav.”’—Ibid. p. 124, 1. 

(5) Δίων oO βιβλίῳ “Ταραντῖνοι μὲν οὖν οὐδὲν 
οὐδὲ ἐκείνου TpoTiunoavTes. —Ibid. p. 165, 21. 

(6) Δίων ιθ΄ βιβλίῳ “ ῥᾷον Kai τὰ λοιπὰ προσ- 
κατεργάσασθαι." —Ibid. p. 166, 11. 

(7) Δίων KB βιβλίῳ “ ὧν τὰ μὲν Bia ἥρει, τὰ 
δὲ καὶ ὁμολογίᾳ παρίστατο." —Ibid. p. 166, 5. 

(8) Δίων {ν΄ βιβλίῳ “ ἐφ᾽ ᾧ καὶ τήν τε χώραν 
σφῶν παντελῶς exdiTwotv. —Ibid. p. 140, 17. 

(9) Δίων tus’ βιβλίῳ “καὶ οἱ ἵπποι τοῖς στρα- 
τιώταις UToUpynaav. —Ibid. p. 117, 32. 


᾿Αδύ / 3 5 ’ὔ x εἰ ἃ 3 θῶ 
ύνατον γάρ ἐστι τἀναντία τινὰ τοῖς ὁ ὀρθῶς 
a » -“ 
ἔχουσι πράττοντα καὶ ἀγαθοῦ τινος ἀπ᾿ αὐτῶν 
ἀπολαῦσαι.---Μακχ. Conf. Flor. f. 77=M. p. 562. 
/ ἴω 
Οὐ γὰρ αἱ ἐπικλήσεις καὶ τοὺς τρόπους τῶν 
\ 
ἀνθρώπων μεταβάλλουσιν, ἀλλ᾽ ὅπως ἄν τις τὰ 
1 εὐεργεσίαν Dind., εὐεργεσιῶν Ms. 2 ὑμῖν ΒΚ., ὑμῶν Ms. 
3 περὶ supplied by Cary. 4 rots Mai, τοῖς οὐκ Ms. 
502: 


FRAGMENTS OF UNCERTAIN REFERENCE 


(1) Dio : “ He will owe you kindness.” 

(2) In Dio: “ Hence they were not even styled 
magistrates until the law! had been passed concern- 
ing them (?).” 

(3) Dio: “ Not only did they fail to obey him.” 

(4) Dio, Book XIX. “And they drove back 
those who made a sortie against him.’ 

(5) Dio, Book XIX. ‘The Tarentines, accordingly, 
paying no heed even to him (?).” 

(6) Dio, Book XIX. “Easier to accomplish (?) 
the rest also.” 

(7) Dio, Book XXII. “ Of which he took some by 
force, and gained others by capitulation.” 

(8) Dio, Book L.? “On condition that they quit 
their country entirely.” 

(9) Dio, Book XLVI.?. “ And the horses were of 


service to the soldiers.” 


It is impossible for any one who acts contrary 
to right principles to derive any benefit from 
them. 

For titles do not change the characters of men, 
but one makes titles take on new meanings according 


1 The lex curiata de imperro. 
2 These numbers are certainly corrupt. 


593 


DIO’S ROMAN HISTORY 


/ 4 > / 
πράγματα μεταχειρίζηται, τοιαύτας Kal ἐκείνας" 
a a \ 
δοκεῖν εἶναι ποιε: καὶ πολλοὶ μὲν μοναρ- 

Ὁ n Lal / / 
χοῦντες ἀγαθῶν αἴτιοι τοῖς ἀρχομένοις γίγνονται, 

Ν \ / \ a ᾿ 7 \ 
διὸ καὶ βασιλεία τὸ τοιοῦτον ὀνομάζεται, πολλοὶ 

, \ \ 
δὲ δημοκρατούμενοι μυρία κακὰ avTtovs? ép- 
γάζονται.---Μαχ. Conf. Flor. f. 50’=M. p. 556. 
/ \ e » ἃ \ \ / lal 
Πέφυκεν yap ws ἀεὶ πρὸς Tas γνώμας τῶν 
a Ν / 
ἀρχόντων τυποῦσθαι καὶ τὸ ὑποχείριον.---Μαχ. 
Conf. Flor. f. 51"=M. p. 560. 

Οὐδὲν yap καὶ στράτευμα καὶ τἄλλα πάντα 
ὅσα ἀρχῆς τινος δεῖται οὕτως ὃ οὔτε ἐπὶ τὸ χεῖρον 
οὔτε ἐπὶ τὸ κρεῖττον προάγει ὡς ὅ τε τρόπος καὶ 
ἡ δίαιτα τοῦ ἐπιστατοῦντος αὐτῶν: πρὸς γὰρ τὰς 

a / 
γνώμας Tas Te πράξεις τῶν ἡγουμένων σφίσιν οἱ 
ἴω ς a 
πολλοὶ ἐξομοιοῦνται, Kal ὁποῖα ἂν ἐκείνους 
δρῶντας ἴδωσι, τοιαῦτα καὶ αὐτοί, οἱ μὲν ὡς 
ἀληθῶς, οἱ δὲ καὶ προσποιούμενοι, πράττουσιν.--- 

Max. Conf. Flor. ΞΜ p. 556. 
Dire? πως λυπεῖν μᾶλλόν τινας TOV μὴ προσ- 
ἢ athe. M4 A ? , , 
δοκηθέντων ἀρχὴν ὅσα ἂν ἐν ἐλπίδι γενόμενα 
/ A 
διαπέσῃ: τὰ μὲν yap πόρρω σφῶν νομίζοντες 
8, > a ς \ > / >,/ 
εἶναι ἧττον αὐτῶν ὡς καὶ ἀλλοτρίων ἐφίενται, 
a \ > \ > / yy e \ > ’, 
τῶν δὲ ἐγγὺς ἐλθόντες ἄχθονται ὡς καὶ οἰκείων 
στερόμενοι.---Μαχ. Conf. Flor. f. 1601 -- Μ. p. 558. 

Πολλῷ κρεῖττόν ἐστι κατορθώσαντάς τι Endo- 

τυπηθῆναι ἢ πταίσαντας édenOjvat.—M. p. 558. 


1 
2 


τοιαύτας Kal ἐκείνας Bk., τοιαῦτα καὶ ἐκεῖνα Mss. 
αὑτοὺς Dind., αὑτοῖς and αὐτοῖς Mss. 
3 οὔ i ted by B 

οὕτως inserted by Bs. 


504 


ee 


PD flys 


FRAGMENTS OF UNCERTAIN REFERENCE 


to one’s management of affairs. Many monarchs are 
the source of blessings to their subjects, whence 
such a state is called a kingdom; whereas many who 
live under a democracy work innumerable evils to 
themselves. 

The subject class is wont ever to shape itself 
according to the opinions of its rulers. 

For nothing leads on an army, or anything else 
requiring some control, to better or worse like the 
character and habits of the person presiding over it. 
The majority naturally imitate the opinions and deeds 
of their leaders, and do whatever they see them 
doing, some from real inclination and others as a 
mere pretence. 

Hopes that come to nothing are somehow wont 
to grieve some people more than the loss of things 
never expected at all. For they regard the latter 
objects as remote and so covet them less, as if 
they belonged to others; whereas, after coming 
very near to the former, they are grieved as if 
deprived of their rightful possessions. 

It is much better to win some success and be 


envied than to fail and be pitied. 


505 


"i 7" ν 
a ῥῳ Nandy εὐ ἵνα ς 7 


᾿ δος "Ἢ oto van bd, sie | 


, AY 2 
ἦργμ2 a w «etop dive 80. ἰδ 


ia. 


“Fae 
a 


Ta ate 


᾿; ; SA ROU Γ} ΒΘ ο60, ἐκ , 


΄ 


ἂρ; equal 


- Σ - ¢ > Ὁ 
Hi (ovo waibinwet neni % 
Ji ovo ἈΠ ΕἼ στε SAF Ὁ ‘ite 
f 5 ᾿ ‘ . ν᾽ ΩΑΥΥ a 
bosb bire adoiniany ody of Sette ΠΝ 
a. «* 
if 2 ἱ —gase* ‘ 
4 εἰγτὸ εἴ ᾿ τ “« Ἶ : 
may ese wad vededver ob bas 
4 ΤΥ 
. Γ Di 1-4 vue aeberetioags 7 
᾿ :.: , : ": τ ε 
! trey ᾿ ἋὋ {11 
ὙΓ ΤῊ ᾿ 
ἔς ι 
‘ 7} 14 7 
ὲ ͵ A i Η 
j | ΤΟΣ 
ΓΈ ‘ 
- a 4 — . ν΄ 
Ἶ ΤῊ. ΠΥ i 
: 
* 
"aw oe 
pata 
ἐρᾷ 


INDEX TO VOLUMES I. AND II. 


Novre.—M’.=Manius. 


Abelux, a Spaniard, 11. 131 

Aborigines, the, I. 3 

Acarnanians, the, 11. 293 

Acerrae, town in Campania, II. 49, 
157 

Achaeans, the, in alliance with 
Philip, UW. 207, 287; defeat 
Androsthenes, 11. 293; capture 
Sparta, I. 309; quarrel with 
Lacedaemonians, II. 401; de- 
feated by Mummius, II. 405 

Achaia, devastated by Sulpicius, 
Il. 207 

Achradina, a part of Syracuse, 
11. 177 

Acilius, M., custodian of Sibylline 
books, I. 75 

Acrocorinth, 1. 405. 

— Carthaginian leader, 
a. 

Adramyttium, town in Mysia, 
Il. 383 

Aegestes, son of Numitor, 1. 13 

Aegimurus, island near Carthage, 
Il. 373 

Aegithallus, town in Sicily, 11. 7 

Aemilia, a Vestal, 11. 435 f. 

Aemilius. See Barbula, Lepidus, 
Papus, Paulus, Scaurus 

error for Mamilius (Vitulus), 
I. 375 n., 401 n. 

Aeneas, ancestor of Romans I. 
3-11, of Segestans 1. 401 

—— son of Silvius, I. 11 

Aenus, a river, IT. 41 

—— a town in Thrace, II. 329 

Aequi, the, at war with Rome, 
I. 115, 165 f., 171, 189 f. 


M.= Marcus. 


Dates are all B.c. 


Aesculapius, temple of, at Car- 
thage, II. 397 

Aetolians, the, pay court to 
Pyrrhus, I. 305; aid Romans 
against Philip, 11. 187, 207, 229; 
join Philip, 11. 231, 279; aid 
Romans at Cynoscephale, II. 293 ; 
leaders in rebellion, 11. 303; aid 
Antiochus, ΤΙ. 309, 313f.; sue 
for peace, II. 325 1. 

Africa, invaded by Romans in 
1st Punic war, I. 419 ff., 433 f. ; 
W. 3, 17; in 2nd Punic war, 
I. 75. 129. 165,. 2135, ΘΒ, 
245 ff., 261 f.,273; in 3rd Punic 
war, 11. 369; term defined, II. 
273. See also τι. 307, 321, 
991 Nn. 

Africans, the, ruled by Carthage, 
I. 379; in Carthaginian army, 
I. 897, 423; desert, I. 165 f. 

Africanus, title conferred on two 
Scipios: (a) Il. 273, 315, 321 f., 
a f., 375, 399; (ὃ) 11. 399, 418, 

Agathocles, tyrant of Syracuse, 
I. 318; 357 

Agesilaus, 11. 483 


Ae, Tarentine general, I. 303, 
Agrigentines, the, I. 405 
401 fis... 178. 


Agrigentum, I. 
195 


Agrippa. See Menenius 

Agron, king of the Ardiaeans, II. 33 

Agyllaeans (Caerites), 1. 367 

Alba Longa, I. 9-11, 15, 33, 37, 41; 
Il. 257;.353:f2 


597, 


* 


INDEX TO VOLUMES I. AND II. 


Alban Mount, the, I. 5, 11, 189, 


419 
Albans, the, I. 33-37 
Albinus, Ῥ. Si ΕΝ (con. trib. 


414), 1. 187 f. 

Albinus, Sp. Postumius (cos. 321), 
I. 261-67 

—— L. Postumius (cos. 234, 229, 
215), π΄, 27, 39, 165 

error for Megellus, 1 I. 287 

ast iy old name of the Tiber, 


Aleria, city in Corsica,1.413 . 

Alexander the Great, II. 337, 351, 

—— king of Epirus, I. 237 n. 

—— Macedonian pretender, II. 387 

πὸ πὶ ἧι besieged by Antiochus, 
II. 

Alinius, error for Dasius, II. 198, 

Allucius, a Celtiberian magistrate, 
1. 199 

Alps, the, 11. 19, 41, 49, 63, 331; 
crossed by Hannibal, 11. 71, 93 

Ambracia, besieged by Romans, 
τι. 325 f. 

Amphipolis, 1. 345, 349 

τὶ ττ brother of Numitor, I. 

Amynander, king of Athamania, 
Π. 279, 311 

Ancus Marcius, king of Rome, 
I. 39-47 ; his sons, I. 49, 53, 57 

Ancyra, city in Galatia, ‘captured 
by Romans, TI. S20 


Andriscus, Macedonian preten- 
der, I. 383 ff 

Androsthenes, Corinthian leader, 
II. 293 


Anicius, L. (pr. 168), 1. 349 ἢ. 

Antioch, II. 363 

Antiochus ITI., the Great, 11. 275, 
293, 303-09, 355, 359, 363; at 
war with Rome, τι. 311-321 

IV., 1. 321,°'329,:355; 350 ff: 

νι ΝΠ 361 f. 

Antium, town in Latium, 11. 231 

Apamea, town in Syria, II. 363 

Apollo, oracle of, at Delphi, I. 79 ff, 
191 f., cf. I. 235; temple of, on 
Capitoline, 11. 39; his statue 
sheds tears, Il. 429 

— cape of, near Carthage, II. 239 

Apollonia, city in Illyria, 1. 373; 
II. 37, 169, 233, 283, 309 


508 


Apulia, I. fing $27, 351, 355; τι. 
133 ¢., 1 9, 213 

Apulians, ane, G 355: II. 183 f. 

Apustius, L., legatus in 2nd Mac. 
war, II. 277 f., 283 

Archimedes, the mathematician, 
defends Syracuse, a. U71 f.,.177 

Ardea, city of the Rutuli, rT 79, 83 

Ardiaeans, the, people "of illyria, 
11. 38 f., 51 

Argos, I. 365 ; II. 289, 301 

Argyrippa, town in "Apulia, later 
Arpi, I. 133 f. 

Ariarathes IV., king of Cappa- 
cot Il. 303, 325, 359 

oe king ‘of Cappadocia, II. 

Ae Π. 21, 47, 329 n. 

Ariobarzanes I., king of Cappa- 
docia, 11. 467 

Aristarchus, a Tarentine, 1. 313 

Arpi, town in Apulia, 11. 135 

Arretium, Ir. 105 

Arruns, son of Tarquinius Super- 
bus, I. 791. 

Artemis, festival of, at Syracuse, 
τι. 175 

Ascanius, son of Aeneas, I. 5-11 

Asculum, town in Picenum, I. 351 

— Ὁ.Ὁ 307, 313 f., 327, 457, 469, 


Asiatics, the, 11. 469 

Asiaticus, title given to Lucius 
Scipio, Il. 321 f. 

Aspis. See Clupea 

Atella, town in ξένο. Ir. 185 

Athamanians, the, II. 279 

Athenians, the, Π. 287 

Athenio, Cilician brigand, I. 451 f. 

Athens, I 7 

Atilius. "See Calatinus, Reguins: 
Serranus 

Atratinus, L. Sempronius (cens. 
443), I. 181 

Attalus I., king of Pergamum, II. 
229, 283, 287, 291., οἵ. 301 

ΒΞ ΠΝ ΤΙ. 317, 357 f., 385 

Attus Navius. ‘See Navius 

— hill, the, in Illyria (?), 
II 

Aufidus, river in Apulia, M1. 135 

Augurinus, M. Minucius (cos. 458), 
I. 1664 

— — L. Minucius, in charge of 
grain supply, I. 185 


INDEX TO VOLUMES I. AND II. 


Aurelius. See Cotta 
Aurunci, the, 11. 501 
Auruncus, Postumius 
(cos. 501), AOD: tT. 
Ausonia, II. 501 
Ausonians, the, II. 501 
Aventinus, an Alban king, I, 11 f, 
Avernian woods, the, I. 271 


Cominius 


Baebius. See Tamphilus 

Bagradas, river in Africa, I. 425 

Baleares, the islands, II. 321 

Banno, a Carthaginian leader in 
Spain, II. 103 

Barbatus, M. Horatius (cos. 449), I. 


πὰ τὸ εν Capitolinus (cos. 

Bevkabss 1 ae οἱ αν (cos. 281), 
1. sO ait, 

Barca, ancestor of Hamilcar, I. 405; 
used as part of Hamilcar’s 
mame {61 1. m3 hid, Od 

Basilinae, error for Casilinum, 11.159 

Bastitania, II. 203 

Bebryces, the, Il. 57 

Bellona, temple of, II. 489 

Beneventum, II. 169, 175; (battle 
of, I. 363) 

Bithias, Numidian cavalry leader, 
τι. 393 1 

Bithynia, Il. 229, ai , 331, 383 

Bithynians, the, TI. 383° 

Bithys, son of. Cotys, a Thracian 
prince, II. 351 f. 

Bloqins, C. Sempronius (cos. 253), 


4 
Blattius, 11. 193 ἢ. 
Boochus, king of Mauretania, 11. 


Bode Carthaginian commander, 


Boeotia, I. 287, 291, 311 f. 

Boii, the, Cisalpine Gauls, πὸ 1Ὸ 
31, 45, 163, 311 

Brennus, name of two Gallic kings : 
(a) I. 209 ; : (δ) Il. 323, 445 

Brundisium, 1. 373; 11. 33, 169 

Bruttians, the, I. 361 , , 860 

Bruttium, τι. 169 197, 213, 233 

Brutulus, Papius, a prominent 
Samnite, T2900 

Brutus, C. Junius (cos. 277), 1. 359 f. 

—— Lucius J unius, expels Tar- 
quins, I. 79-97 


Brae citadel of Carthage, 11. 393, 
3 


Byzantium, 11. 479 
Byzes, Thracian prince, 11. 387 


Cacus, monster destroyed by Her- 
cules, I. 17 

Caecilius, C. (mil. trib. 260), I. 407 

See Metellus 

Caedicius, M, announces coming of 
Gauls, 1. 209 

ge i Cn. Servilius (cos. 253), I 


— Q. Servilius (cos. 140), 11. 415 

Q. Servilius, opponent of 
Drusus, II. 459 

Caerites, the, I. 367 

Caesar, Julius, I. 109 

Calabria, I. 373; WW. 135, 169, 175 

Calatinus, A. Atilius (cos. 258), 
I. 415-19, (cos. 254) 435; (dicta- 
tor, 249) 11. 7 

Calauri (Calabrians), the, 11. 135 

Calpurnius. See Flamma, Piso 

Calvinus, Ti. Veturius (cos. 321), 
I. 261-67 

Calvus, C. Licinius (Stolo), (trib. 
976- 67), I. 221-25 

Camarina, city in Sicily, I. 417 

Camerium, town in Latium, I. 107 

Camillus, M. Furius, I. 159 n., 191 f., 
201-05, 2151., 221, 227 f. 7365 2 
Π. 551 

L. Furius (cos. 349), I. 235 

Campania, I. 281 f., 333; 1. 109 f., 
119, 151 f., 169, 473, 483; cf. 
Capua 

Campanians, the, I. 313; I. 151, 
183 f., 501; cf. Capuans 

Cannae, battle of, II. 133, 139 f., 145, 
149 f., 157: 181, 218. 295 

Canusium, town in Apulia, II. 145 f. 

Capitol (Capitoline), the, I. 771. 
107, 169, 211-19, ; 1. 45, 191, 
229° 477 

Capitolinus (M. Manlius), I. 217 f. 

Cappadocia, II. 303, 325, 359, 467 


Capua, I. 331; Il. 109, 175; re- 
volts, II. 151 f., 163 f. ; siege of, 
Il. 179-85 

Capuans, the, I. 261; I. 153; cf. 
Il. 183 f. 


Capys, an Alban king, I. 11 
Caraceni, the, people of central 
Italy, I. 373 


500 


INDEX TO VOLUMES I. AND II. 


Carthage, coveted by Pyrrhus, I. 
307; Ist war with Rome, I, 
379-449 ; ; 1. 8-17; in war with 
mercenaries, etc.,. m. 17-27; 
2nd war with Rome, 11. 55-275; 
38rd war with Rome, I. 367-99, 
403; later rebuilt, Tr. 407 ; See 
also I. 305 f., 327 

—— New, in Spain, II. 31, 197, 215 

Carthaginians, the, I. 357 f., 369 f., 
and in passages cited under 
Carthage 

Carthalo, Carthaginian leader in 
1st Punic war, Il. 7 f. 

envoy of Hannibal, Π. 187 

Carvilius. See Maximus 

Casilinum, siege of, 11. 159 n. 

Cassius. See Longinus, Viscelli- 
nus 

Cato, M. Porcius, the Censor, I. 
295-99, 313, 329, 369 

—— C. Porcius (cos. 114), 11. 437 

— L. Porcius, 11. 469 

Catulus (C.) Lutatius (cos. 242), 
II. 13-17 

— C. Lutatius (cos. 220), 1. 49 

Caudine Forks, battle of, I. 257 n. 

Celtiberia, I. 203 

Celtiberians, 11. 199-203, 299 

Celts (Gauls), 1. 227 

ἜΝΙ harbour of Corinth, II. 


Censorinus, L. Marcius (cos. 149), 
1. 369, 373 

Centenius, C. (propr. 217), 11.109 

Cento, C. Claudius, /egatus in Greece, 
τις ἡ ἢ 

Cephallenia, 11. 327 

Cerco, Q. Lutatius (cos. 241), 1. 17 

Cethegus, M. Cornelius (cos. 204), 
II. 237 

C. Cornelius (cos. 197), 11. 291 

Chalcis, city in Euboea, I. 289, 
309-13 


Cimbri, the, in Gaul, IT. 445 f., 451 
Cincinnatus, Cn. Manlius (cos. 480), 


T. 156 

— L. Quinctius, the dictator, 
I. 165 f., 185 

Cineas, in the service of Pyrrhus, 
I. 303-07, 337, 347 f. 

Cinna, L. Cornelius (cos. 87-84), 


II. 471 f., 483, 487 
av royal city of Syphax, I. 253, 
44 


510 


Claudius, App. (Sabinus), (cos. 471), 
I. 159 


—— App. (Crassinus), a decemvir, 

is OS ak 
App. (Geeens), (cos. 296), I. 

273, 277, 347 f. 

— App. (Caudex), (cos. 264), 1. 
385-99 

—— App. (Pulcher), (cos. 148), 0. 
411, 421 

Clineas, Claudius, in Corsica, I. 23 

Wye honoured by Porsenna, I. 


Clupea, town on African coast, I. 
I. 425, 433; 11. 387 

Clusinus, Porsenna’s secretary, I. 

Clusium, town in Etruria, I. 207 f. 

Collatia, town in Latinum, I. 85 

Collatinus. See Tarquinius 

Cominius, ey I, 215 

See Auruncus 

Corbio, a town of the es I. 167 

Coreyra, Il. 37, 169, 187 

Cordus, cognomen of Mucius, fr. 103 

Corinth, Il. 289, 293, 399-407 

Corinthians, Il. 80, 405 f. 

Coriolanus, Cn. Marcius, I. 135 f., 
139-51 

ΠΕ pi of the Volsci, 4 1590}: 
€ 

Cornelius, P. (pr. 234), π. 27 

See Cethegus, Cossus, Scipio 

Corsica, I. 413 ; 

Corsicans, the, 2 bs, "on t,, 129 

Coruncanius, Ti. (cos. 280), I. $31 f. 

Corvinus, M. "Valerius, τυ 59 1: 

Cossura, island near Africa, I. 433 f. 

ae A. Cornelius (dict. 322), I 

Cotho, part of Carthage, I. 393 

Cotta, C. Apreline (cos. 252, 248), 
I. 437 ; r 7 

— ¢. ΤΑ ΤῸΝ (cos. 200), 11. 285 

Cotys, a Thracian prince, I. 349 

Cranita, hills in Samnium, I, 359 

Crassus, Μ᾽, Otacilius (cos. 263), x 


— P. Licinius (cos, 205), 11. 233 

—— P. Licinius (cos. 171), π. 885 

στῶν the, Il. 357, 499 ; ef. 11. 345, 
34 


Creusa, oie of Aeneas, I. 
Crispinus, . - Quinctius Coon. 208), 
Il. 


INDEX TO VOLUMES I. AND II. 


Critolaus, Greek general, 11. 401 f. 

Croton, I. 361, 369 f. 

Cumae, I. 103° 

Curiatii, Alban brothers, I. 35 f. 

Curius. See Dentatus 

Cursor, L. Papirius (dictator 325), 
I. 249, 253, (cos. 319) 269 f. 

Curtius, M., devotes himself, I. 


—— See Philo 

‘Cybele. See Pessinus 
Cynoscephale, battle of, 11. 291 
Cyprus, II. 305, 361 

Cyrene, II. 361° 


Dalmatians, the, IT. 365 
pameeippus (L. Junius Brutus), II. 


Dardania, II. 387 
Dardanians, the, II. 279 
TT Ce a citizen of Salapia, 11. 


Daunii, ‘the, ΤΙ. 155 Ὁ᾿ 

Decius, commander of garrison at 
Rhegium, I. 311-15 

Decius. See Mus. 

ee I. 79f., 189; I. 161, 347, 

Demaratus, father of Tarquinius 
Priscus, I. 43 

Demetrias, abe in Thessaly, 11. 229, 


Demetrius, of Pharos, I. 37 f., 51 f. 
— son of Philip, 1. 293, 315, 333 
he ia king of Syria, 11. 359, 363, 


—e Aetolian general, I. 


Demosthenes, I. 303 
ay ae M’. Curius (cos. 290), I. 


Diaeus, Achaean general, 11. 401-05 

Diana, ‘temple of, at Rome, I. 59 

Diomed, Ir. 133 

Diomed, Plain of, 11. 133 f. 

Dionysia, celebration of, at Taren- 
tum, I. 297 

Dium, a town in Macedonia, Il. 337 

Dodona, I. 309 ; τι. 471 

Dolabella, Cornelius (pr. 211), 1. 

Domitius, Cn. Ahenobarbus (trib. 
104), 11. 447 

Drepanum, rd in Sicily, 1. 418, 
II. 9-13 


ae σι M. Livius (cos, 112), 1 

M. Livius (trib. 91), 11. 459 f. 

Duilius, C. (cos. 260), 1. 405- 13 

Dyrrachium, i. 365. See also Epi- 
damnus 


Ebusus, one of the Balearic isles, 
1/221. 
Egypt, I. 367; I. 231, 303 ἔ, 359 f. 
Elatea, town in Greece, II. 287 
Elpeus, river in Macedonia, I. 341 
Epidamnus, Il. 37. See also Dyrra- 


chium 
ἘΣ τοῦ, the, I. 331, 355; 11. 315, 


Epirus, 1. 303 f., 313, 365; π΄. 167, 
287, 337, 349 f., 471 

Eryx, town in Sicily, I. 413 ; 
cf. 1. 11 n. } 

EL τ 1. ΤΊ, '331: 5° ΠΡ 9..45. 101, 

Etruscans, the, I. 7, 51, 59, 153-59, 
187, 281, 295, 375, 399; I. 101, 
205; as soothsayers, I. 77, 191, 
275. See also Faliscans, Veii, etc. 

Euboea, 11. 309, 313 

Eumenes, ΠῚ; king of Pergamum, 
TH; 301, 315 ἘΠ 339, 347, 357 f. 

Europe, Il. 57, 293 f., 305, 317 

Euxine sea, Il. 41 

Evander, Cretan 
Perseus, Il. 347 


Fabii, the, Roman gens, I. 155-59 

Fabius, K. (Vibulanus) (cos. 481), 
1. 15st, 

— Κ. (Dorso), priest, I. 213 

—— M. (Ambustus), I. 221 

port (Ambustus) (cos. 360), I 


1Te7 ἐς 


in employ of 


9. (Maximus Rullus) (cos. 

295), I. 249-53, 277 f., 281-87 

. (Maximus Gurges) (cos. 
292), I. 281-87, 375 

— C. (Pictor) (cos. 269), 1. 371 f. 

—— Q. (aedile 265), I. 373 f, 

—— Numerius (cos. 247), 11. 9 f. 

— Q. (Maximius Verrucossus), 
11. 41, 71 n., 75-83, (dict. 217) 
109-129, 161, (cos. 215) 163, 
(cos. 214), 169, (cos. 209) 195 f. 

Fabricius. See Luscinus 

Tee! the, I. 187, 201 f. 281; 
Ti 2 


511 


INDEX TO VOLUMES I. AND II. 


Falto, P. Valerius (cos. 238), 11. 19 

Faunus, father of Latinus, I. 5 

Faustulus, a shepherd, I. 15 

Felicitas, temple of, 1. 413 

Fidenates, the, 1. 41 

Fimbria, ©. Flavius, lieutenant of 
Flaccus, Π. 477-81 

Flaccus, Ὁ. Valerius (pr. 241), 11. 13 

9. Fulvius (cos. 237), 11. 21, 

179 f., 183 f. 

ἜΝ Valerius (legatus 191), II. 

—  L. Maleatns (cos. 86), 11. 467 n., 


Flamininus, T. Quintius (cos. 198), 
Il. 287-93, 301 f., 309, 313 f. 

—— L. Quintius, brother of pre- 
ceding, II. 287, 293 

Flaminius, C. (cos. 223, 217), I 
47 f., 103-07 

—-- C. (cos. 187), 0. 327, 329 ἢ. 

Flamma, L. Volumnius (cos. 296), 
I. 273, 277 

— M. Calpurene, mil. trib. in 
Sicily, I. 417 

Florus, Ye (cos. 259), I. 413 f. 

Fufetius, Mettius, leader of Albans, 
1..33, 37 

Fulvius. See Nobilior 

Furius, L. (praetor 200), 11. 285 

P. (trib. 100), 11. 455 

— See Medullinus, Pacilus, 
Philus 


Gabii, town in Latium, I. 71 f. 

Gades, city in Spain, 11. 215, 219 

Gaius, leader of plebs, I. 119 

Galatia, τι. 323 

Galba, Sulpicius (cos. 211, 200), 
II. 207, 229, 257 n., 277-83 


Galeagra, tower on wall of Syracuse, 


χε 175 
μεν τον Q. Ogulnius (cos. 269), I. 
9.1.1 


Gauda, ‘Numidian prince, I. 439 n., 
441 


Gaul, I1. 19, 57 

’ Asiatic (Galatia), I1. 323 

Gauls, the, capture Rome, I. 207-15, 
219; later wars with. Rp2se te, 
273f., 293n.; πὸ 19f., 39-45, 
283-91, 295; other references, I. 
287 n., ΘΟ ΗΝ 338, 51.189, 
97, 101, 211, 329, 445. See also 
Boii and Insubres 


512 


Gauls, Asiatic (Galatians), 11. 323 f. 
Gemintus, P. Servilius (cos, 252, 248), 
I. 4 
—— Cn. Servilius (cos, 217), m. 
ν᾿ 1272 


108 f. 
Illyrian king, U. 339, 


Gentius, 
849 f. 

Gisgo, father of Hasdrubal, 11. 203, 
213, 223, 241 

—— father of Hannibal, 1. 401 

Glabrio, Μ᾽. Acilius (cos. 191), UU. 
311-15 

Glaucia, C. Servilius, m. 455 

Gracchus, Cloelius, an Aequian 
general, I 165 


Sempronius (cos. 238), 

Ir. 19 

—- Ti. Og poe (cos. 215), 
II. 149, 163, 169, 

—- Ti. Seemann (trib. 187), 
II. 329 

—— Ti. Sempronius (trib. 133), 
1. 423-27 

— C. Sempronius (trib. 123), 
II. 431 f. 

Greece, I. 75, 169, 305, 341, 365; 


π. 31 149, 167, 907, 277, 287, 
303-07, 317, 337, 385 
Greeks, the, Il. 41, 221, 277, 293, 
301 f., 311, 335, 365, 399-407 
— Asiatic, II. 321 
Gulussa, son of Masinissa, IT. 381 
Gymnesiae (Gymnesian islands), 
ie Sra name for the Baleares, 
Π 


ων τω mountain range in Thrace, 

Ir. 41 

Hamilcar, son of Barca, I. 405f., 
413, 417 f., 421-29; τι. 3f., 91., 
15, 17 f., 29f., 

—- general in 2nd Punic war, II. 
288 f., 291 

Hannibal, son of Gisgo, general in 
τον Punic war, I. 401 f., 407, 411, 


— son of Hamilear, I. 405; Π. 

ae eth passim, 305f., 315, 321, 
a) 

Hanno, name of several Cartha- 
ginian generals in Ist Punic war: 
(a) I. 385, 389-93 5 (δ) ᾧ 408 ἢ. ; 
(6) 419, 423 f e (d) m. 5; (e) Il. 
18 f.; ()m.2 

— i 0 Great, εἶ 81, 151 


» INDEX TO VOLUMES I. AND II. 


Hanno, son of Hasdrubal, 11. 241 f. 
— name of other commanders in 
286 Punic war, II. 169, 195, 251, 


Hasdrubal, general in ist Punic 
war, I. 441 

— son-in-law of Hamilcar Barca, 
It. 31, 35 

— a leader in Carthage, II. 81 

brother of Hannibal, in Spain, 
τι ° 108; 465.,.189,.201f.; in 
Italy, 209-13, 219 

— son of Gisgo, I. 203 f., 213, 
223, 241-45, 249 f., 261 

— general in 38rd Punic war, 
II. 371-75, 381, 387, 391-99 

Hellespont, the, 11. 315 

Heraclea, town in Sicily, 1. 403, 
423; 1. 173 

—— town in Greece, II. 313 

Hercules, Pillars of, 1. 57, 221 

Hersilia, wife of Romulus, I. 17 f. 

Hiero, tyrant of Syracuse, I. 371, 
381 f., 393f., 399f., 403, 437; 
ἘΠ. 9,:16:f., 129 

Himera, in Sicily, 1. 437 

Himilco, general in 2nd Punic war, 
ἀπ. 173 

—— surnamed Phameas, Il. 373, 
379 ff 


Hippo, city in Africa, 11. 9, 387 
Horatius, slays the Curiatii, I. 37 
—— M. (Pulvillus) (cos. 509), 1. 99 
See Barbatus 

νον an Roman king, I. 


᾽ 


Hyon: error for Pityusae, 11. 
1 


Tapygia, II. 135 

Iapygians, the, II. 133 

Theiss Greek name for Spaniards, 
Il. 

Iberus, river in Spain, I. 57 f., 85, 
103, 129, 187, 221, 297 f. 

Icilius, L. (trib. 456-55), I. 173 

Ilergetes, the, Spanish tribe, 11. 199 

sa cit the, Spanish tribe, Il. 

Tiium, 11. 481 

a oe), I.” 805,° 378; 


II. oY, 
Illyrians, the, I. 51, 279, 365; 


cf. 11. 33 
Ilus, a name for Ascanius, I. 5 


VOL. II. 


Indes Spanish chieftain, 1. 199, 
1 


Insubres, the, Gallic tribe in Italy, 
II. 41-45, 49, 283 

Ionian Gulf, the, I. 311, 373; I. 
31 f., 1383, 277, 305, 365 

Island, the, at Syracuse, II. 177 

Issa, island on Illyrian coast, 11. 
3d, a1, DL 

Issaeans, the, II. 33 

Ister, the, II. 41, 49 

Isthmian games, II. 39 

Italy, 1. 305, 317, 331, 357 f., 379, 
383, 399, 405, 433, 437; II. 7, 85; 
91, 101, 127 f., 145, 151, 165-69, 
185, 195, 203 f., 219, 227, 233 f., 
245-49, 259-63, 277, 283, 303-11, 
335, 349, 399, 471, 491, 501 

Iulus, son of Ascanius, I. 11 


January, I. 29 

Janus, I. 29 

Jugurtha, Il. 439-43 

Julius. See Caesar and Proclus 

Junius. See Brutus, Pera, Pullus, 
Silanus 

Jupiter, supposed father of Scipio, 
11. 191; altar to, 1. 275: temple 
to, τῖς ΗΒ 315 

Juventius, P. (praetor, 149), 11. 385 


Lacedaemonians, 
cf. 289 

Laelius, C., in 2nd Punic war, 11. 
251 f., 267 

C., in 3rd Punic war, 11. 395 

Laenas, C. Popilius, envoy to 
Antiochus, II. 355, 361 

M. Popilius (cos. 139), 11. 417 

Laevinus, P. Valerius (cos. 280), 
I. 317-25, 331 f. 

M. Valerius (praetor 215, 
cos. 211), 11. 169, 179, 185 f., 195 

Lamia, city in Greece, IT. 313 

i city in Thessaly, 11. 293, 

Lartius, T. (cos. 501), I. 107 f. 

Latins, the, I. 3-9, 41, 51, 59, 69, 
107 f., 143, 237-47 ; τι. 245 

pee king of the Aborigines, I. 

1 


Alban king, I. 11 


Latium, I. 5; 11. 179, 501 
Laurentia, wife of Faustulus, I. 15 


513 


the, II. . 401 f..; 


INDEX TO VOLUMES I. AND II. 


Peep town in Latium, 1. 


ραοια daughter of Latinus, I. 

Lavinium, town in Latium, 1. 5, 9 f. 

Lentulus, L. Cornelius (cos. 237), 
ΤΠ. 21, 71, 75 

pac try Cornelius (cos. 201), II. 

— Cornelius (praetor 198), II. 

Lepidus, M. Aemilius (cos. 232), 
Ir. 29 f. 

—— M. Aemilius (mil. trib. 190), 
II. 319 

ere Aemilius (cos. 187), I. 327, 


329 n. 
Lene island west of Greece, II. 


Libya, II. 273, 331 ἢ. 

Libyssa, town in Bithyel 1. 531 

Licinia, a Vestal, 17. 488 ἔ 

Liguria, dig 31, 101, 233 

Ligurians, the, i. 19 fig: Bla .}}} 
2838 f. 

a ena ge town in Sicily, I. 4385; 
II. 3- 

Lipara, one of the Aeolian islands, 

I. 407, 417, 421, 437 
Liternuin, town ‘in Campania, Il. 


Livius. See Drusus and Salinator 

Locri (Locris), 1..361 f.; I. 205 f. 

Locrians, the, I. 363 ; 11. 23 

a a Samnite ‘conspirator, I 

iL 

os Q. Cassius (mil. trib. 252), 
Ι. 48 

Longus, Ti. Sempronius (cos. 218), 
Il. 87, 99 ἢ, 

Lucania, I. 317, 363 ; π΄ 175, 209 

Lucanians, the, Tr 317, 361 f., 369 ; 

ΠΟΥ, πὶ 157 

Lucretia, ravished by Sextus Tar- 
quin, I. 83-89 

Lucretius, C. (praetor 171), 11. 335 

Lucullus, ΓΕ, Licinius, Il. 413 

Lucumo, original name of Tarqui- 
nius Priscus, I. 43 

Lupus, P. Rutilius (cos. 90), II. 463 

Luscinus, C. Fabricius (cos. 282, 
278), I. 287 f., 295, 335, 339-45, 
355, 365 


Lutatius. See Catulus, Cerco 
Lycaonia, Il. 323 
514 


Lycia, I. 308 
Lysias, II. 363 
Lysimachia, i in Thrace, 11. 305, 817 


Macedonia, Il. 41, 53, 315, 383 f., 
408 ; wars with : (1) πὶ 167. δ, 
187, 207 f., 229-33 ; (2) II. 257 n.. Ἢ 
271- 83, 287-95 ; (3) II. 333-53 

Macedonians, the, Il. 277f., 333, 


Macella, wg near Messana, 11. 453 
Macerinus, M. (cos. 443), I. 181 
Maelius, Sp., cons iracy of, I. 185 
Mago, brother of annibal., 11. 89 f., 
97, 151, 165, 208 fi; 215, 219; 
233 f., 247, 259 f., 283 

Baan, Carthaginian leader, 11. 
Malleolus, M. (cos. 232), 11. 29 


Mallius. See Maximus. 
Mamertines, the, I. 313f., 371, 
Mancinus, L. Hostilius (legatus 


148), τι. 391 

C. Hostilius (cos. 137), 11. 419 

Madang, Spanish leader, 11. 199, 
1 


i ΤΕ M. (cos. 149), Il. 369, 
Manius, Etruscan soothsayer, 1. 


a slave, II. 437 

Manlii, the, Roman gens, I. 219 

Manlius. See Capitolinus, Cincin- 

. natus, Torquatus, Vulso 

Marcellus, M. Claudius (cos. 222, 
214, 210), I . 49, 155-63, 169-79, 
183 ΤᾺ 198 f., 205 f. 

M. Claudius (cos. 183), IT. 331 

Marcia, a Vestal, 11. 435 

Marcius, Ancus. See Ancus 

a soothsayer, II. 133 ἢ. 

—— See Censorinus and Septimus 

Marcus, a soothsayer. See Marcius 

Marius, C., I. 439, 443, 451, 457, 
463, 473-77, 487 

Maronea, town in Thrace, I. 329 

Mars, 1. 319 

Marsians, the, II. 463 

Masinissa, king of Numidia, 11. 219, 
223 i. 237-43, 249-55, 261, 267, 
269n., 271f., 307, 867, 878, 
879 εῇ 

Maso, C. Papirius (cos. 231), 11. 29 

Mastanabal, son of Masinissa, 11. 381 


Ξ 


f 


Δ. ὦ ee a ee ee 


INDEX TO VOLUMES I. AND II. 


oo M’. Pomponius (cos. 233), 
Maximus, at ., Carvilius (cos. 293, 
272), I. 281, 369 


ὯΖΣ Sp. Carvilius (cos. 234), I. 


2 
— Valerius (dict. 494), I. 235 
—— WM’. Valerius (cos. 263), I. 399 
— Cn. Mallius (cos. 105), 11. 445 f. 
Media, τι. 303 
Mediolanum, capitol of Insubres, I. 


49 
a Sp. Furius (cos. 481), 
153 


Megacles, officer of Pyrrhus, I. 323 

Megalia; part of Carthage, It. 391 

Megalopolis, oH. 311 

a 1 L. Postumius (cos. 291), 
I 

— L. Postumius (cos. 262), I 


Ol n. 
503), I 


Menenius, 

105, 121 f. 
. (608. 477); 157 £.,.159-n. 

oa L. Cornelius, priest, Il. 
477 n. 

Messana, I. 313, 371, 383 f., 391-99, 
405, 425 ; m. 451 

Messapia, I. 135 

Mestus (Nestus), river of Thrace, 
II. 387 

Metapontum, II. 197 

Metellus, L. pears (cos. 251), 
i 437-41 ; 

— Q. Caevilius (cos. 206), 11. 231 


θήρην (cos. 


— Q. Caecilius (cos. 146), II. 
385 f., 403, 411, 421 
——Q Caecilius (cos. 108), II 


— ΠΝ Caecilius (Pius), I. 
473, 483 
Meton, a Tarentine, I. 301 f. 
Mettius, Fufetius, ruler of Alba, 
I. 33, 37 
Mezentius, Etruscan king, I. 7-9 
Micipsa, son of Masinissa, 11. 379 f. 
Milo, officer of Pyrrhus, ‘ 309, 337, 
357, 361, 365-69 
ucius. "See Augurinus and Rufus 
Mithridates, 11. 459, 467-71, 491 
Mucius. See Scaevola 
et L. Papirius (cens. 448), 
EB 
genie, L. (cos 146), 1. 403 f., 


455, 


Mus, P. Decius (cos. 340), I. 239 

P. Decius (cos. 295), I. 277 © 

— P. Decius (cos. 279), I. 351 f. 

Muses, temple of, I. 27 

Mutistratus, town in Sicily, I. 415 

Muttines, Carthaginian cavalry 
commander, II. 195 

Mysia, II. 325 

Mytilene, Il. 457 


Nabis, tyrant of Sparta, 11. 289, 
301 f., 309 

Nar, river in Umbria, 1. 109 

Narbonenses, the, II. BT, 83 

Narnia, town in Umbria, I. 107 

Naupactus, I. 315 

Navius, Attus, an augur, I. 49 f. 

N eapolis, city in Campania, I. 331, 
7..151 Ὁ. 

city in Africa, 11. 387 

Neptune, temple of, II. 231 

Nero, C. Claudius (cos. 207), 11. 
175, 179 f., 187 f., 209-13, (censor 
204) 245 f. 

acts Claudius (cos. 202), I. 


Nerva, P. Licinius (pr. 103), in 
Sicily, Il. 449 

Nestus, river in Thrace, II. 387 n. 

N icias, physician of Pyrrhus, I. 355, 


Nico, a Tarentine leader, I. 367 

Nicomachus, commander of garrison 
at Croton, I. 361 

Nicomedes II., king of Bithynia, 


1. 383 

— III., 1. 467 

Nobilior, M. Fulvius (cos. 189), 
II. 325 f. 


Q. Fulvius (cens. 136), 11. 421 

Nola, city in Campania, IT. 157, 163 

Norba, town in Latium, I. 139 

Nuceria, city in Campania, 11. 
1 ete 


Numa, king of Rome, I. 25—29, 33, 
39, 43 


Numantines, the, 11. 413, 419, 423 
Numicius, river in Latium, δ τὸ 
Numidians, the, I. 367 ; cf. IL. 257 
N πριν father of Rhea Silvia, I. 


Ocean, the, Il. 57 


Oatis: mother of Servius Tullius, 
I; 


515 


INDEX TO VOLUMES I. AND II. 


Octavius, C. (pr. 168), 11. 345, 349, 
363 


Octavius, M. (trib. 133), 11. 425 

Cn. (cos. 87), 11. 471 f. 

Ofella, Q. Lucretius, m1. 485 

Olbia, city in Sardinia, I. 413 

Olympus, mountain in Macedonia, 
TI, 341 f. 

—— mountain in Bithynia, 1. 325 

Oppins, Servius, a decemvir, I. 171, 


Opus, city in Greece, II. 229 

Oreus, city in Euboea, 11. 229 

Oricum, city in Epirus, 11. 169 

Orophernes, alleged son of Ariara- 
thes, 11. 359 


Pacilus, C. Furius (cos. 251), I. 437 

Paetinus, Servius Fulvius .(cos. 
255), 1. 433 

Paonaes Sex. Aelius (cos. 198), 11. 


τὰ τὰ (or Palatium), the, I. 15; 

Il. 

Pamphylia, I. 315, 323 

Pan, I. 19 

i τῷ ἀρ city in Sicily, I. 488 f. ; 
II. 

Paphlagonia, 11. 325 


Papirius. See Cursor, Maso, Mugil- 
lanus 
Papius. See Brutulus 


Papus, Q. Aemilius (cos. 278), I. 
355, (cens. 275) I. 365 

—— L. Aemilius (cos. 225), 1. 45 

Pastis, Alban king, I. 11 

Osaka C. Sulpicius (cos. 258), 
I. 41 

Paulus, L. Aemilius (cos. 219, 216), 
1. 51, 135 f., 141, 145 

—  L. Aemilius (cos. 168), I. 
341-53, 389, 399 

M. Aemilius (cos. 255), 1. 433 

Pediculi, the, 11. 133 

ga aes island near Drepanum, 
Ir. 9f. 

Peloponnesus, II. 39, 327 

Pera, M. Junius (cos. 230, dict. 216), 
II. 31, 149, 159 f. 

Pergamum, 11. 317 

Perseus, king of Macedonia, 11. 
333-55, 383, 387 

Persians, the, 11. 313 

Pessinus, town in Galatia, 1. 235 

Peucetii, the, II. 133 


516 


Phameas. See Himilco 

Pharos, island off Epirus, Π|, 53 

pig IV., king of Macedonia, I. 

—— V., king of Macedonia, 11. 53, 
167 f., 187, 207, 229-33, 275-81, 
287-95, 301-05, 309f., 315, 329, 
333 f., 351, 355, 401 

—— son of Perseus, Π. 349, 355 

—— of Megalopolis, 1. 311 

rae 9. Marcius (cos. 169), 


Il. 
Philo, C. Curtius (cos. 445), 1. 179 
a ary P. Furius (cos. 223), II. 


—— L. Furius (cos. 136), 1m. 421 
Phocis, Π. 287 

Phoenicia, 11. 317 

Phrygia, 11. 325 

Picentes, the, π. 465 

Picenum, 11. 45, 483 

Pinnes, Illyrian prince, I. 35, 51 
Pisidia, 1. 323 

Piso, L, \Calpurnius (cos. 148), II. 


Pityusae, islands near Spain, I. 


Nn. 
Placentia, II. 287, 329 n. 
Plawies, error for Blattius, II. 
Plautus, winner of stadium races, 


ΤΙ. 
Plutarch, I. 303; 11. 488 
Po, the, IT. 45, 97 
ier ae Q. (cos. 141), Π. 413, 


Pompey, Il. 483 

Pomponius. See Matho 

Pontius, Herennius, 
leader, I. 257 n. 

See Cominius 

Popilius. See Laenas 

Porsenna, Etruscan king, I. 101 f. 

Postumius, M., 1. 159 n. 

L., envoy to Tarentines, I. 


299 f 
Albinus, 


----- See 
Megellus 

Potilius, Herius, a Samnite, I. 415 

Praeneste, I. 271, 317; 1. 489 

Privernum, I. 247 

Procas, Alban king, I. 13 

Proclus, Julius, a knight, I. 23 

ἐκ Ἰὼ temple . of, pillaged, 
Es 


Samnite 


---- 


Auruncus, 


INDEX, TO VOLUMES I. AND II. 


Prusias I., king of Bithynia, 11. 
229,321; 331 

il., τί. 357, 383 

Ptolemy Ts Philadelphus, king of 
Egypt, I. 367 f. 

— IV., Philopator, 1. 231 

— V., ‘Epiphanes, II. 303 f., 359 

Lee STs ised VII., sons of pre- 
ceding, II. 359 f. 

Publicola, P. Valerius (cos. 509), 
I. 97, 103 f., 113 

Publihoratii, ” Roman triplets, I. 


Pulcher. Sce Claudius 

a M. Servilius (cos. 202), I. 

Pullus, L. Junius (cos. 249), 11. 5 f. 

Pydna, town in Macedonia, 11. 337, 
343 f., 385 

Pyrenees, the, II. 57, 87, 225 

Pyrrhus, king of Epirus, I. 303-65 ; 
II. 277, 325 

eg priestess at Delphi, I. 189 ; 


Quirinal, the, 11. 25 
Quirinus, I. 19, 25 
Quirites, the, I. 23 


i a M. Atilius (cos. 294), 1 


— M. Atilius (cos. 256), I. 
421-31, 435, 441-49 

— C. Atilius (cos. 250), 11. 3 

— C. Atilius (cos. 225), 11. 43 

ep brother of Romulus, I. 

Rhea Ilia, mother of Romulus and 
Remus, I. 13 

Rhegium, I. 311- one 363, 369 f., 
385 ff., 399 f. ; 35 


Rhodians, the, ἘΠ 283, 287, 301, 
315; 341 δὴ 355 f. 
Rhodope, mountain range in 


Thrace, I. 41 
Rhone, the, H. 87 
Romans, passim 
Rome, passim 
Romulus, I. 13-17, 21 f., 29, 38, 97 


Rufinus, P. Cornelius (cos. 290), 1 
287 f., 359 f., 365 

Rufus, ’Ser. Sulpicius — trib. 
388, 384, 383), 1. 221 f 


Rufus, M. Minucius Rufus (master 
of horse 217), 11. 49, 117-25 

—— Q. Minucius (cos. 197), 11. 291 

P. Rutilius, 1m. 455-59 

Rullus. See Fabius 

Rutilius. See Rufus 

Rutuli, the, I. 7, 85, 205 

Rutulus, error for Brutulus 


‘Sabines, the, 1. 25, 41, 51, 105f., 
175 


115; 171 
Sacred Way, the, I. 25 
Saguntines, the, I. 55 f., 61, 167 
Saguntum, I. 167 
ae town in Apulia, It. 193, 


Salapians, the, II. 207 

Salassi, the, tribe of Cisalpine 
Gauls, 1. 411 

see es. district in Calabria, 1. 


Salentini, the, 11. 135 
inchs priests, I. 27; Salii Collini, 


Satinnice, M. Livius (cos. 219, 207), 
mis, 209- 13, (cens. 204) 245 f. 
Samnites, the, Ἰ. 253- 85, 295, 359, 


369, 415; ἢ 107. 473, "487 : 
ef. I. 151° 
Samnium, I. 267, 281, 359-63; 


1.115, 9635-169; 275 

Samothrace, τι. 345 

Sardinia, I. 307, 379, 401, 413f., 
419, 429 : II. 19, 25 29, 161, 167, 
245, 263 

Sardinians, the, 11. 25 f., 41, 129 

Saturn, I. 29 

Saturninus, Il. 455 

Scaevola, C. Mucius Cordus, I. 101 f. 

. Mucius (cos. 95), II. 459 

Scaurus, M. Aemilius, 1. 445 

Scipio, L. Cornelius (cos. 259), I. 
413 f. 

— Cn. Cornelius (cos. 260, 254), 
I. 407, 423, 435 

Cn. Cornelius (cos. 222), I. 

49, 93, 101f., 129f., 165, 175, 

189, 213, 235 

Cn. Cornelius (cos. 203), error 

for Cn. Caepio, 11. 247 

P. Cornelius (Asina) (cos. 221), 

Π. 49 

— P. Cornelius (cos. 218), I. 
ΩΣ 97 f., 145, 165, 175, 189, 


517 


INDEX TO VOLUMES I. AND II. 


Scipio, P. Cornelius, Africanus, I. 
145, 189-98, 197-205, 213-19, 
225-29, 233-73, 307, 315-23, 
329 f., 375, 389 

— L. Cornelius Asiaticus, I. 
203 f., 315 f., 321 f., 329 

—— P. Cornelius Nasica (cos. 191), 
II. 235, 311 

—— P. Cornelius Nasica Corculum 
(cos. 155), 11. 365, 369, 399 

—— P. Cornelius Nasica Serapio 
(cos. 188), II. 367, 385 

—— P. Cornelius (Africanus Minor), 
Il. 375-81, 887-99, 413, 427 

—— L. Cornelius Asiaticus (cos. 
83), 11. 483 ἢ. 

Scodra, city in Dalmatia, 11. 349 

Scordisci, a Thracian tribe, II. 
437 n. 

Segesta, I. 401, 407, 413 

Seleucus IV., king of Syria, 11. 
305, 317, 329, 363 

Sempronius. See Atratinus, Blae- 
sus, Gracchus, Tuditanus 

Sena, town in Umbria, 11. 209 

Septimius, LL. Marcius, chosen 
leader of armies in Spain in 211, 
II. 193 

Serranus, A. Atilius (pr. 192), τι. 309 

Sertorius, 11. 483 ἢ. 

Servilius, C. (cos. 203), 11. 247° 

See Caepio, Geminus, Pulex 

Servius Tullius, king of Rome, 
I. 53-63 

Severus, Roman emperor, ΤΙ. 331 

Sextius, L., a tribune, I. 223 f. 

Sibyl, the, I. 73 f. ; 11. 39, 133 f. 

Sicily, 1. 139, 305f., 3138, 357f., 
363, 371, 379, 383, 393, 399f., 
405 f., 413 f., 421 f., 429, 433-37 ; 
Il, 3-7, 11-17, 25, 87, 99, 148, 
161, 167 f., 179, 185, 195, 207, 
233, 237, 245, 263,- 369; οἷ, 
449-53 


Sicinius, Cn. (propraet. 171), 1. 335 

Sicius, L., plebeian leader, I. 173 

Silanus, M. Junius, in Spain with 
Scipio, 1. 191, 203 f. 

Silvia (Rhea), I. 13 

Silvius, Alban king, I. 7-11 

Sinope, I. 195 

Sisenna, C. Titinius, II. 469 n. 

Smyrna, II. 459 

Sophonisba, daughter of Hasdrubal, 
II, 223 f., 239, 253-57, 269 n. 


518 


Spain, 11. 19, 29 f., δ f., 69, 73, 101, 
129 f., 187, 145, 165 f., 175, 181, 
187 f., 235, 295 f., 419. See also 
Numantines and Saguntines 

Spaniards, the, I. 29 f., 59, 89, 165, 
203, 251 

Sparta, I. 429; 1. 301 f., 309 

Spolitium, m. 109 

Stolo. See Calvus 

Strabo, father of Pompey, I. 483 

Sucro, city in Spain, 11. 215 

Sulci, city in Sicily, I. 419 

Sulla, m. 467 n., 471, 481-95 

Sulpicius. See Galba, Paterculus, 
Rufus 

Sutrium, town in Etruria, I. 217 

Syphax, king of Numidia, m. 213, 
223-27, 237-45, 249-57 

Syracusans, the, I. 357f., 399; 
Il. 173, 183 f. 

Syracuse, I. 359, 371, 395, 399-401 ; 
II. 169-79 

ae II. 321, 355, 359, 363, 367, 


i Cn. Baebius (pr. 199), 

II. 

—— M. Baebius (pr. 192), 11. 309 

Tanaquil, wife of Tarquinius 
Priscus, I. 53 

se a P. Villius (cos. 199), II. 

Tarentum, I. 297-301, 311, 315, 
oy a 355 f., 361-65; 11. 175, 


Tarentines, the, I. 295-303, 307, 
313-19, 335, 339, 347, 359, 367 f., 
381; II. 133, 185, 197,503 


Tarpeia, I. 17 : 
(=Capitoline), 


Tarpeian Mount 
I. 77; cf. 219 

Tarquinii, city in Etruria, I. 43, 91 

Tarquinius, Arruns, I. 79-81 

τ Collatinus, husband of Lu- 
cretia, I. 83-87, 93 

—— Priscus, I. 43—57 

— Sextus, I. 71 f., 85-89 

—— Superbus, I. 57, 61-79, 83f., 
91f., 103 

—— Titus, I. 79-81 

Tatius, king of the Sabines,I.17 

ey the, an Illyrian tribe, 
Il. 365 


_Taygetus, 11. 301 


Tempe, Vale of, 11. 337, 341 


INDEX TO VOLUMES I. AND II. 


Teuta, queen of the Ardiaeans, Il. 
Theophilus, 
469 

Thermopylae, II. 311 f. 

Thermus, Minucius, with Flaccus 
in Asia, B.C. 86, II. 481 

Thessaly, II. 287-91, 309 f., 329, 
Sap Ἐς, 341, 385, 403 ; cf. 279 

Thrace, TT. 41, 305, 309, 320,000 L. 

Thracians, the. II. 339, 469 

Tiber, the, 1.11, Τὸ, 209, Shas, LL; 
83, 109, 179, 313 

Tiberinus, an Alban king, I. 11 

Tiberius, See Coruncanius 

Tolosa, city i in Gaul, τι. 445 

Torquatus, T. Manlius (cos. 340), 
I. 227, 239-43, 247 

—— A. Manlius (cos. 241), 11. 19 

— T. Manlius (cos. 235, 224), 11. 
167,179 

Tralles, city in Asia Minor, τι. 469 

Tripolis, city in Syria, Il. 363 

Triteuta, mother of Pinnes, 1. 51 

Trojans, ‘the, 1. 183 

Troy, I. 3, 11. See Ilium 

old name of Lavinium, I. 5 

Tuditanus, P. Sempronius (cos. 
204), 11. 233, 237, 245 

Tullia, daughter of Servius Tul- 
lius, Ἐν 61. 

Tullius, Attius, 
1. 141 

—— Servius, Roman king, 1. 53-63 

Spurius, a Latin, I. 53 

Tullus, Hostilius, king of Rome, 
1. 33, 87-41 

Tusculans, the, I. 221 

Tusculum, I. 165 

Tyndaris, ‘town in Sicily, I. 421 

Tyrrhenian Sea, the, I. 413 


Umbrians, the, I. 295 
Utica, II. 245, 263, 381 


a Paphlagonian, 11. 


Volscian leader, 


Valeriae, error for Baleares 
Valerius, L., Roman admiral, I. 


See Falto, Maximus 

Varro, M. Terentius (cos. 216), II. 
119 n., 135-41, 145, 149 

Varus, Licinius (cos. 236), τι: 21 ἴ, 

Veientes, the, I. 21, 59, 189, 207 

Veii, 1. 189-91 

Verginius, L., father of Verginia, I. 
173 


Opiter (cos. 502), 1. 107 
Ven, son of Syphax, 11. 257, 


Verrucossus. See Fabius 

Vesta, temple of, I. 25 

Vestals, the, I. 13, Zi OL 

Veturia, mother οὗ Coriolanus, I. 
145. 49 

Via Flaminia, II. 829 ἢ. 


Vibius Virius, Capuan leader, 
ἘΠ 181 
Victory, statue of, 1. 275; If. 129 


Villius. See Tappulus 
Viriathus, lLusitanian chief, 11. 
409 f., 415 f. 
Viscellinus, Sp. Cassius (cos. 502), 
Trai, 151 
262), 


Vitulus, Q. 
Te 401 n. 

Volsci, the, I. 111, 115, 137-149 

Volsinii, 1. 375 f. 

Volumnia, wife of Coriolanus, I. 


Mamilius (cos. 


143-49 ; 11. 501 

Volumnius. See Flamma 

Vulso, L. Manlius (cos. 256, 250), 
I. 423 Sata Gr 

— Cn. Manlius (cos. 189), I 
321-25 

Xanthippus, Spartan leader in 


service of Carthage, I. 429-33 


Zeus, temple of, 11. 471 
Zeuxis, general of Antiochus, 11. 319 


519 


ΤΥ 
ΡῈ Γ 4 
om (ge Ste G ὁ 
Γ 
teeta 
δ} ᾿ ΡΥ} 
{ 
. 
« 
41 ᾿ 
Γ 
᾿ 2. . 
eh 
Β . 
Σὺ 
ι " => 12 i af 
, 
3 ‘ 
7 - 
ee 
. 
ne . 
, ὝΨΗ 
. - 3 
᾿ o 8 
‘ _ : / 
. ΨΗ 
. ar 4 
ζ 
᾿ 
εὖ νὰ. 
+2 % 
, . 
e+ 
- . 


66. χοῖ τοῦ bal 


᾿ “" 
δι a it Ti * 
Ling Ὁ po. 
is 
+ ᾿ ‘ AIG 7 ὦ. 
ἊΗ : vate" 
L-Oat 0 tay 
ay 
t rae Ss, “NPT oID ¥ 
ὰ οὐ 
‘ A ‘ 
τ ye "πον σ΄ σῷ 
ΓΕ a gee ¥ 
4 . 
'-ς 
; ‘ an] 


<a 


Basie 3 Att utah) 


, P . 
1% 
= ; 
4 ‘ 
* ΕΣ 
᾽ 
. 
1 ὺ 
i ᾿ 
4 
" : 
‘ ty 
‘ 
. . '? 


# 11850 


THE iNSTIT 1 
UTE OF MED 
‘i MEDIAEVAL STU 
J ἐμάν, PARK ORESCEN «i 
RONTO — 8, GANADA ἱ 


118 $0 


ΟΝ 
-ἶο οὖσ 
ary afore! Ba 
ἢ 9 ἢ 
ete”s, 


ἘΠῚ 


% 


ΤῊΣ 


7 
4. 


