L 


""^^^O-'orKC,  Cf'''!^^' 


t^V:iafe^S«*'" 


I 


Digitized  by  the  Internet  Arcinive 

in  2011  with  funding  from 

University  of  Toronto 


http://www.archive.org/details/sallustsaOOsall 


THE   LOEB   CLASSICAL   LIBRARY 

'^HIJ.,LL.D.     T.  E.  PAGE,  L,TT  D      w   n   r. 

■     ^^-H-D.  HOUSE,  LiTT.D. 


SALLUST 


SALLUST 


WITH  AN  ENGLISH  TRANSLATION  BY 
J.    C.   ROLFE 

PKOFKSSOR   OF   LATIN   IN   THE   UNIVERSITY   OF   PENNSYLVANIA 


LONDON    :  WILLIAM  HEINEMANN 
NEW    YORK    :    G.    P.    PUTNAM'S   SONS 

MCMXXI 


06T    1 2  1941 


JUN  1 9 1973 


PREFACE 

In  the  absence  of  an  entirely  satisfactory  text  of 
Sallustj  the  translator  has  made  his  own.  In  some 
points  of  orthography^  for  example  in  the  assimilation 
of  prepositions^  he  has  not  followed  the  manuscripts, 
but  has  aimed  rather  at  uniformity. 

A  complete  translation  of  Sallust  was  submitted, 
including  all  the  fragments  on  the  basis  of  Mauren- 
brecher's  edition  of  the  Histories,  but  the  General 
Editors  decided,  partly  from  considerations  of  space 
and  partly  because  of  the  slight  interest  of  the 
shorter  bits,  that  only  the  complete  Orations  and 
Letters  should  be  printed.  To  these  have  been 
added  the  Pseudo-Sallustian  works  mentioned  on 
p.  xviii  of  the  Introduction. 

In  ]#ot  a  few   instances,   perhaps  oftener  than    a 

more  gifted  translator  would  have  found  necessary, 

Sallust's   sententious  brevity  has  been   sacrificed  to 

clearness. 

John  C.   Rolfe. 

October,   1920. 


CONTENTS 


PAGB 

PREFACE      V 

INTRODUCTION  : — 

THE   LIFE    AND    WORKS   OF   SALLUST      .......  ix 

THE   PSEUDO-SALLUSTIAN    WORKS Xviii 

THE    MANUSCRIPTS xix 

BIBLIOGRAPHICAL   NOTE Xxii 

THE    WAR    WITH   CATILINE 1 

THE   WAR   WITH    JUGURTHA 131 

ORATIONS   AND    LETTERS   FROM    THE    HISTORIES  : — 

THE    SPEECH    OF   LEPIDUS 384 

THE   SPEECH    OF   PHILIPPUS 396 

THE   SPEECH    OF   GAIUS    COTTA 408 

THE  LETTER   OF   POMPEY 414 

THE   SPEECH    OF   MACER 420 

THE   LETTER   OF   MITHRIDATES 432 

THE   PSEUDO-SALLUSTIAN    WORKS  : — 

SPEECH     TO    CAESAR     ON     THE    ADMINISTRATION     OF 

THE   STATE 444 

LETTER   TO.  CAESAR 462 

THE    INVECTIVE   AGAINST    MARCUS   TULLIUS     ...  492 

THE     INVECTIVE      OF       MARCUS      TULLIUS      AGAINST 

SALLUST 502 

INDEX J 523 


PA 

-6?  6  53 


vu 


INTRODUCTION 

The  Life  and  Works  of  Sallust 

Gaius  Sallustius  Crispus  was  born  in  86  b.c.  at 
Amiternum,  a  town  in  the  Sabine  territory  about 
fifty-five  miles  north-east  of  Rome  at  the  foot  of  the 
Gran  Sasso  d' Italia.  It  was  not  far  from  Reate^  the 
native  place  of  Varro  and  of  the  Emperor  Vespasian. 
The  family  does  not  make  its  appearance  in  history 
before  the  end  of  the  seventh  centur}'^  of  the  city, 
and  it  was  evidently  of  plebeian  origin^  since  Sallust 
held  the  office  of  tribune  of  the  commons.  The 
author  of  the  Invective  against  Sallust  declares  that 
the  historian  was  wild  and  dissipated  in  his  youth 
and  that  his  conduct  hastened  his  father's  end ; 
Sallust's  own  words,  however,  in  Cat.  iii.  3—5,  imply 
that  his  only  fault  was  ambition,  and  he  certainly 
applied  himself  to  his  studies  sufficiently  to  acquire 
a  good  education.  One  of  his  teachers  was  the 
celebrated  Ateius  Philologus  (Suet.  Gramm.  x.). 

Accusations  of  the  most  outrageous  kind  were  so 
freely  bandied  about  in  Roman  political  circles  that 
one  might  naturally  attribute  many  of  those  made 
against  Sallust  to  malicious  gossip,  especially  since 
we  are  informed  that  one  Lenaeus,  a  freedman  of 

ix 


INTRODUCTION 

Pompey  the  Great^  assailed  the  historian  in  a  bitter 
satire  because  of  his  criticisms  of  Pompey.^  The 
best  authenticated  charge  against  him  is  that  of  an 
intrigue  with  the  wife  of  Milo,  made  by  Gellius  on 
the  authority  of  Varro.^  Varro,  however,  was  a 
Pompeian  and  was  probably  not  over-critical  in 
examining  the  authenticity  of  a  bit  of  scandal  about 
a  prominent  Caesarian. 

According  to  his  own  statement,^  Sallust  must 
have  entered  upon  a  political  career  at  Rome  at  an 
early  age.  He  attained  the  quaestorship  and  thus 
gained  admission  to  the  senate/  but  in  what  year 
this  happened  is  uncertain.  In  52  b.c.  he  was  tri- 
bune of  the  commons  and  took  sides  with  his  two 
colleagues,  Quintus  Pompeius  and  Titus  Munatius 
Plancus,  against  Cicero  and  Milo  after  the  murder 
of  Clodius.^  In  50  b.c.  he  fell  a  victim  to  the  partisan 
activity  of  the  censor  Appius  Claudius  Pulcher,^  and 
was  expelled  from  the  senate ;  the  charges  made 
against  him  on  that  occasion  need  not  be  taken  too 
seriously.  Mommsen  thought  that  Cicero  addressed 
Ad  Fam.  2.  17  to  C.  Sallustius/  and  that  therefore 
the  historian  was  legatus  pro  pi-aetore  to  Bibulus  in 
Syria  during  the  year  50-51. 

1  Suet.  Graynm.  15.  ^  QgH.  17.  18. 

^  Cat.  iii.  3.  "*  Inv.  in  Sail.  vi.  17. 

5  Ascon.  pro  Mil.  33  (p.  37,  1.  18,  Clark). 

6  Cassius  Dio,  40.  63.  4. 

"  Hermes,  1.  171  ;  Bom.  Forsch.  2,  p.  434,  1.  42.  C.  is  a 
conjecture  of  Mommsen's  ;  all  the  manuscripts  read  Canini 
Salustio. 


INTRODUCTION 

In  49  B.C.  Caesar  reappointed  Sallust  to  a  quae- 
storship,  and  thus  made  him  once  more  a  member  of 
the  senate.  In  48  he  commanded  one  of  Caesar's 
legions  in  Illyricum^  but  did  not  distinguish  himself, 
being  defeated  by  Octavius  and  Libo.^  The  follow- 
ing year  he  was  sent  to  quiet  the  mutinous  legions 
in  Campania  and  was  again  unsuccessful^^  narrowly 
escaping  death  at  the  hands  of  the  troops.  In  46, 
now  a  praetor,  he  sailed  to  the  island  of  Circina, 
to  seize  the  enemy's  stores ;  ^  this  time  he  succeeded 
in  accomplishing  his  mission,  which  contributed  in 
no  small  degree  to  Caesar's  ultimate  success.  As  a 
reward  for  his  services  he  was  appointed  proconsular 
governor  of  the  province  of  Numidia  and  Africa,^ 
and  there  ended  his  political  career. 

On  his  return  to  Rome  Sallust  was  tried  for  ex- 
tortion, but  was  acquitted,  doubtless  through  Caesar's 
influence,  although  the  charge  that  he  gave  Caesar 
a  bribe  of  two  million  sesterces  rests  only  on  the 
doubtful  authority  of  the  Invective.^  Whether  the 
accusation  of  extortion  was  well  founded  or  not,  it 
is  certain  that  Sallust  became  very  wealthy  and 
that  he  was  the  owner  of  the  magnificent  korti 
Sallustiani,  which  were  afterwards  the  property  of 
Nero,  Vespasian,  Nerva,  and   Aurelian. 

After  the  assassination  of  Caesar,  Sallust  went 
into  retirement  and  devoted  himself  to  the  writing 

'  Orosius,  6.  15.  8.  ^  Cassius  Dio,  42.  52. 

3  Bell.  Afr.  8  and  34.  ^  ^^n^  ^j^  97_ 

5  vii.  19. 

xi 


INTRODUCTION 

of  history.  He  is  reported  to  have  married  Cicero's 
divorced  wife  Tereutia/  and  he  adopted  his  sister's 
grandson^  the  Sallustius  Crispus  to  whom  Horace 
addressed  one  of  his  Odes_,^  afterwards  a  trusted 
friend  of  the  Emperor  Augustus.^  It  is  therefore 
probable  that  he  had  no  son  of  his  own.  He  died 
in  35-34  b.c. 

Sallust  devoted  his  attention  to  a  comparatively 
new  branch  of  historiography,  the  historical  mono- 
graph. He  seems  to  have  made  careful  and  con- 
scientious preparation  for  his  work.  Suetonius  tells 
us*  that  Ateius  Philologus  supplied  him  with  an 
outline  of  the  whole  of  Roman  history,  and  his 
careful  study  of  Thucydides  and  Cato  is  apparent ; 
Lenaeus,  indeed,  called  him  ^^an  ignorant  pilferer  of 
the  language  of  the  ancients  and  of  Cato  in  par- 
ticular."^ Sallust  professes  complete  impartiality, 
and  while  his  leaning  towards  the  popular  party  is 
obvious,  his  fairness  is  shown  by  his  treatment  of 
Metellus  and  Marius  in  the  Jumrtha.  His  first  work 
was  an  account  of  the  conspiracy  of  Catiline,  which 
has  come  down  to  us  under  various  titles,  of  which 
the  best  attested  is  Bellum  Catilinae.^  The  reason 
which  he  himself  gives  for  the  choice  of  the  theme 
is  ^-'the  novelty  of  the  crime  and  the  danger  to  which 

^  Hieronymus,  adv.  Jov.  1.  ^2.  2. 

=^  Tacitus,  Ann.  3.  30.  ^  De  Gramm.  10. 

•''  Suet.  Dt  Gramm.  15.  Asinius  Pollio  also  accused  him 
of  imitating  Cato  {Gramm.  10). 

^  Quint.  3.  8.  9.  The  mss.  also  give  Bellum  Gatilinarium 
and  Dt  Coniuratione  Catilinae. 

xii 


INTRODUCTION 

the  state  was  exposed,"  ^  but  it  has  been  suspected 
that  he  had  the  underlying  motive  of  clearing  Caesar, 
as  well  as  Gaius  Antonius^  the  uncle  of  Mark  Antony, 
from  the  suspicion  of  complicity  in  the  plot ;  some 
have  even  regarded  this  as  his  main  purpose.  The 
exact  time  when  the  Catiline  was  written  is  uncertain, 
but  the  language  of  the  eulogy  of  Caesar  ^  indicates 
that  it  was  not  published  until  after  the  death  ot 
the  dictator.  Some  scholars  maintain  that  it  was 
issued  immediately  after  the  assassination,  while 
others  assign  it  to  the  year  40  b.c. 

Sallust  had  an  abundance  of  written  records  on 
which  to  base  his  account,  such  as  decrees  of  the 
senate,  Cicero's  published  speeches,  and  the  histories 
of  Cicero's  consulship.  He  could  also  draw  upon  his 
personal  recollection  of  the  events  and  on  the  testi- 
mony of  his  contemporaries.  Yet  the  monograph  is 
inaccurate  in  many  of  its  details,  in  particular  in 
assigning  the  beginning  of  the  conspiracy  to  the 
year  64,  instead  of  to  63,  thus  prolonging  the  events 
of  a  few  months  to  the  duration  of  more  than  a 
year,  with  inevitable  distortion  of  the  facts.  The 
principal  aina  seems  to  have  been  to  make  the  ac- 
count interesting  and  vivid,  and  in  that  Sallust  un- 
questionably succeeded ;  from  the  literary  point  of 
view  the  Catiline  must  always  take  a  high  rank.  The 
character  sketches  of  Sempronia,  Cato,  and  Caesar, 
with  the  speeches  of  the  last  two,  are  especially  fine. 

^  Cat,  iv.  4  2  (jfj^i   i^v.  especially  1-4. 

xiii 


INTRODUCTION 

In  fact^  the  orations  in  all  of  Sallust's  works  were 
greatly  admired  in  antiquity,  and  collections  of  them 
were  made  for  use  in  the  schools  of  rhetoric ;  yet  he" 
is  not  mentioned  by  Cicero  among  the  great  speakers 
of  the  day,  and  Quintilian^  expressly  warns  orators 
against  taking  him  as  a  model.  It  was  probably 
Sallust's  own  speeches,  and  not  those  which  he  puts 
into  the  mouths  of  his  characters,  to  which  Cassius 
Severus  referred  when  he  said  ^'orationes  Sallustii 
in  honorem  historiarum  leguntur."  ^  The  addresses 
in  Sallust's  works  are  introduced  by  such  phrases 
as  "hoc  modo  disseruit,"  "huiuscemodi  orationem 
habuit,"  and  the  like,  and  hence  do  not  purport  to 
give  the  exact  words  of  the  speakers.  They  are 
carefully  composed  and  their  sentiments  are  adapted 
to  those  who  are  represented  as  delivering  them, 
but  the  language  is  that  of  Sallust  himself. 

Sallust's  second  work  was  an  account  of  the  war 
with  Jugurtha,  entitled  Bellum  lugnrlkinum.^  The 
contest  with  the  Numidian  prince  doubtless  attracted 
Sallust's  attention  because  of  his  acquaintance  with 
the  scene  of  the  conflict.  He  himself  says  that  he 
selected  it  "  because  of  its  perilous  nature  and  shift- 
ing fortunes,  and  because  it  marked  the  beginning 

1  4.  2.  45.  2  gen.  Rhet.  Contr.  3.  pr.  8,  p.  243  k. 

^  Quint.  3.  8.  9.  The  title  De  Bello  lugiirthmo  is  also 
found.  The  Catiline  and  the  Jugurtha  are  collectively 
referred  to  as  Bella,  and  the  title  of  the  latter  work  probably 
had  an  influence  on  that  of  the  former,  which  would  more 
naturally  have  been  called  De  Gatilinae  Coniuratione  ;  cf. 
Cat.  IV.  3. 

xiv 


INTRODUCTION 

of  successful  resistance  to  the  dominant  power  of  the 
nobles."  ^  Besides  the  information  which  he  himself 
had  gathered  in  Numidia,  Sallust  had  the  benefit  of 
a  number  of  literary  sources^  such  as  the  History  of 
Sisenna/-^  and  the  Memoirs  of  Sulla^,  Marcus  Aemilius 
Scaurus^  and  Publius  Rutilius  Rufus.  He  also  made 
use  of  Punic  sources,  which  he  had  caused  to  be 
4l  translated  for  his  benefit.^  Nevertheless,  judged  by 
modern  standards,  the  Jugnrtha  is  rather  like  an 
historical  novel  of  the  better  class  than  like  sober 
history.  Chronology  is  to  a  great  extent  disre- 
garded, and  in  place  of  exact  dates  we  have  such 
vague  expressions  as  "interea,"  "  iisdem  tempori- 
bus,"  "paucos  post  annos,"  and  the  like.  Sallust 
even  ventures  upon  shifts  in  the  sequence  of  events, 
in  order  to  make  a  better  rounded  tale.  As  a 
literary  masterpiece  the  work  takes  high  rank. 

The  Jugurtha  was  written  after  the  Catiline  and 
published  in  41  b.c,  if  the  earlier  date  assigned  to 
the  Catiline  is  the  correct  one ;  in  any  event,  not  far 
from  that  time.  It  was  followed  by  Sallust' s  most 
'  extensive  work,  the  Historiae,  which  in  five  books 
recounted  the  events  of  about  twelve  years,  from 
78  to  67  B.C.  The  work  formed  a  continuation  of 
Sisenna's  History,  which  ended  with  the  death  of 
Sulla.  If,  like  Sallust' s  other  works,  the  Historiae 
had  a  secondary  motive,  it  was  still  further  to  dis- 
credit the  party  of  the  nobles  and  to  show  Pompey's 

^  Jug.  V.  1.         ^  Cited  Jug.  xcv.  2.         '  Jug.  xvii.  7. 

XV 

h 


INTRODUCTION 

unfitness   to    be    entrusted   with    the    rule    of    the 
state. 

The  greater  part  of  the  Historiae  has  perished. 
Four  complete  speeches  and  two  letters  are  pre- 
served in  a  collection  made  apparently  in  the  second 
century  for  use  in  the  schools  of  rhetoric.  The 
work  was  frequently  cited  by  grammarians  and  other 
ancient  writers,  and  from  this  source  numerous  small 
fragments  have  been  recovered.  Three  longer  pas- 
sages are  transmitted  in  a  more  or  less  mutilated 
form  in  manuscript.  These  are  t\\e  fragmentum  Vati- 
ca?iui7i,  6f  two  leaves  containing  eight  columns  and 
belonging  to  the  Third  Book  ;  the  fragmentum  Be- 
rolinense,  of  one  leaf  containing  a  bit  of  the  Second 
Book  ;  and  the  fragmentum  Aurelianense,  two  pieces 
of  a  palimpsest,  one  consisting  of  two  leaves  and 
the  other  of  eight  complete  and  two  mutilated 
columns,  discovered  by  Hauler  in  Codex  Orleanensis, 
169.  The  former  of  these  supplements  the  frag. 
Bci'olinense,  and  with  it  gives  an  account  of  the  con- 
sulship of  Lucius  Octavius  and  Gains  Aurelius  Cotta,^ 
while  the  latter  is  of  varied  contents.  Still  other 
brief  extracts  from  the  Histories  have  been  recovered 
from  the  account  of  the  First  Civil  War  written  by 
Julius  Exsuperantius  in  the  latter  part  of  the  fourth 
and  the  beginning  of  the  fifth  centuries,  and  based 
upon  Sallust. 

The   proper    arrangement  of   the    fragments   and 

^  75  B.C. 
xvi 


INTRODUCTION 

their  interpretation  are  matters  of  considerable  un- 
certainty and  diflPerence  of  opinion,  but  the  labours 
of  De  Brosse,  Kritz,  Dietsch,  and  Maurenbrecher  ^ 
have  gone  far  towards  solving  the  problem. 

The  style  of  Sallust  is  quite  unlike  that  of  Caesar 
and  Cicero.  His  model  in  the  w^riting  of  history 
was  Thucydides,  whose  brevity  of  expression  he  also 
imitated  and,  according  to  Seneca  Rhetor_,2  even  sur- 
passed. He  is  also  highly  rhetorical  and  his  language 
is  decidedly  archaistic,  so  much  so  that  he  was  ac- 
cused of  pilfering  from  the  works  of  Cato  the  Censor.^ 
His  reputation  in  antiquity  was  very  high,  although 
it  was  based  for  the  .most  part  on  his  last  and  greatest 
work,  the  Histories.  Quintilian's  opinion,*  ^^nec  oppo- 
nere  Thucydidi  Sallustium  verear,"  does  more  credit 
to  his  patriotism  than  to  his  critical  acumen,  but 
Martial's  less  extravagant  verdict,^  "  primus  Romana 
Crispus  in  historia,"  was  true  at  the  time  when  it 
was  written.  Sallust  was  criticized  by  Asinius  Pollio 
and  Livy,  but  his  admirers  and  imitators  far  out- 
numbered his  detractors.  Tacitus,  who  deprived  him 
of  the  first  rank  assigned  him  by  Martial,  speaks  of 
him  as  "^rerum  Romanarum  florentissimus  auctor,"  "^ 
and  paid  him  the  still  higher  compliment  of  imita- 
tion. In  Hadrian's  time  Sallust  was  even  translated 
into   Greek  by  a  certain  Zenobius,  and  his  archaic 

^  See  Bibliographical  Note,  p.  xxii. 

2  Contr.   9.  1,   13;  Kiessling  (Index,  s.v.    "  Thucydides  ") 
understands  the  comparison  to  be  with  Demosthenes. 

3  Suet.  Gramm.  10.  15.;  Aug.  86.  3. 

^  10.  1.  101.  5  14.  191.  °  Ann.  3.  30. 

XV  ii 


INTRODUCTION 

diction  made  him  a  favourite  writer  with  Fronto 
and  his  school.  Towards  the  end  of  the  second 
century  AemiHus  Asper  wrote  a  commentarj'^  on  the 
works  of  Sallust,  and  in  the  fourth  century  St.  Au- 
gustine calls  him  "nobilitatae  veritatis  historicus."  ^ 
The  influence  of  his  style  is  seen  in  Ammianus  Mar- 
cellinus^  Dictys  Cretensis^  Hegesippus^  Sulpicius  Se- 
verus^  and  Julius  Exsuperantius^  and  it  continued 
into  the  Middle  Ages. 

The  Pseudo-Sallustian   Works 

In  codex  Vaticanus  3864  the  excerpts  from  the 
Historiae^  are  followed  in  the  same  handwriting  by 
two  suasoriae,  or  pleas,  addressed  to  Julius  Caesar 
and  composed  in  an  evident  imitation  of  Sallust's 
manner,  although  without  the  use  of  his  name.  In 
both  of  these  advice  is  given  to  the  dictator  as  to 
the  proper  conduct  of  the  government,  the  first 
taking  the  form  of  an  oration,  the  second  apparently 
that  of  a  letter.  We  also  find  in  our  manuscripts, 
sometimes  in  company  with  genuine  works  of  Cicero 
and  sometimes  with  the  Bella  of  Sallust,  an  Invective 
against  Cicero  ascribed  to  Sallust  and  a  reply  purport- 
ing to  be  that  of  Cicero.  The  former  is  considered 
to  be  a  specimen  of  the  pamphleteer  literature  of 
the  period  following  the  death  of  Caesar. ^  The 
writer,  who  makes  no  attempt  to   imitate  Sallust's 

^  De  Civ.  Dei,  1.  5.  ^  ggg  p   j^yj 

3  Schanz,  Mm.  J/d.  i.  p.  234. 
xviii 


INTRODUCTION 

style,  pretends  to  be  answering  an  attack  made 
upon  him  in  the  senate  by  Cicero,  and  selects  as 
the  time  of  this  event  the  year  54  b.c.  The  oration 
must  have  been  published  after  Sallust's  death. 
Quintilian  looked  upon  it  as  genuine,  and  quotes 
from  it  several  times. ^ 

That  Sallust  was  not  the  author  of  the  two  sua- 
soriae  is  clear  from  internal  evidence  ;  the  extensive' 
use  of  archaic  forms  suggests  the  period  of  Fronto 
and  his  school.  Although  the  two  pleas  have  much 
in  common,  both  in  language  and  in  subject  matter, 
they  were  probably  not  the  work  of  the  same  writer. 
The  Invective  against  Sallnst,^  although  it  purports  to 
be  a  reply  to  the  attack  upon  Cicero,  does  not  ob- 
serve the  same  time  limits  but  covers  the  entire  life 
of  Sallust.  It  is  probably  an  exercise  from  the  schools 
of  rhetoric,  composed  by  a  writer  of  small  abiHty 
and  inferior  Latinity^  at  a  late  period  which  cannot 
be  determined  with  certainty. 

The  Manuscripts 

The  number  of  manuscripts  of  the  Catiline  and 
Jugurtha  is  very  great,  but  comparatively  few  are  of 

1  4.  1.  68  ;  9.  3.  89. 

2  For  a  siimmary  of  the  views  as  to  the  date  and  authorship 
of  the  Invectives,  see  Kurfess  in  Mnemosyne,  xl.  (1912), 
pp.  364  ff. 

^  Angusti  et  pusilli  rhetoris posterioris  aetatis,  Kurfess,  I.e.; 
for  examples  of  his  impurus  sermo,  see  ibid.  p.  377.  Kurfess 
also  shows  that  the  author  of  the  second  Invective  was  a 
servile  imitator  of  the  writer  of  the  first  one. 

xix 


INTRODUCTION 

real  importance  in  determining  the  correct  text. 
Roth  ^  was  the  first  to  submit  them  to  a  critical 
examination,  on  the  basis  of  which  he  divided  them 
into  two  classes.     Tliese  are  : 

(1)  The  codices  imitili,  marked  by  an  extensive 
lacuna  in  the  Jugurtka  (ciii.  2,  ^'quinque"  .  .  .  cxii.  3, 
^^et  ratam").  In  some  instances  the  lacuna  has  been 
filled  by  a  later  hand. 

(2)  The  codices  integri,  in  which  the  lacuna  is  filled 
by  the  first  hand,  either  in  the  proper  place  or  at 
the  end.  Some  of  these  manuscripts  have  a  phrase 
('^neque  muniebantur  ea/'  Jug.  xliv.  5)  which  is  not 
found  in  any  other  codices,  and  of  these  Dietsch 
made  a  third  class.  The  usual  division,  however,  is 
a  twofold  one,  although  Wirz  ^  is  right  in  not  recog- 
nizing the  vmtili  and  integri  as  classes,  except  for 
convenience.  As  a  whole  the  mutili  are  older  and 
better  than  the  integri,  which  as  a  general  rule  are 
useful  only  in  filling  the  lacuna.  The  following 
manuscripts  are  most  highly  esteemed  : 

Codex  Parisinus,  Sorbonne  500,  of  the  Tenth  cen- 
tury (P).  The  very  high  rank  which  this  codex 
was  given  by  Jordan  has  been  questioned  by 
later  scholars. 

Codex  Parisinus,  1576  {P^),  of  the  Tenth  century, 
but  later  than  P. 

1  Rhein.  Mas.  ix.  pp.  129  fF. 

2  C.  Sallusti  Grispi  libri  qui  est  de  hello  lugiirthino  partem 
extrtmam  .  .  .  recensuit  H.  Wirz,  Zurich,  1897. 

XX 


INTRODUCTION 

Codex  Vaticanus,  3325  (v),  of  the  Eleventh  century. 
Codex  Leidensis  sive  Vossianus,  75  (L), of  the  Eleventh 

century  and  from  the  same  archetype  as  v. 
Codex  Vaticanus  Palatinus,  889  (Nazarianus),  N. 

For  filling  the  lacuna  the  following  were  used  by 
Wirz:i 

Monacensis,  2602  (A),  formerly  Alderspacensis  72,  of 

the  Thirteenth  century. 
Codex  Lipsiensis  Senatorius,  Rep.   I.,  Fol.  4  (-^S'),  of 

the  Eleventh  century. 
Codex    Fabricianus,    Copenhagen    25     (F),    of    the 

Eleventh  century. 
Codex  Parisinus,  6085  (P-),  of  the  Eleventh  century. 

The  last  two  are  mutili,  but  the  missing  part  is 
supplied  by  a  different  hand,  at  the  end  in  P^  and 
in  its  proper  place  in  F.  Vaticanus  3864  (F)  is  useful 
for  a  part  of  the  Bella,  since  it  contains  a  collection 
of  Speeches  and  Letters  from  all  the  works  of  Sallust. 
This  codex  belongs  to  the  ninth  or  tenth  century, 
and  is  closely  akin  to  the  best  manuscripts  of  the 
Bella.  It  also  contains  the  pseudo-Sallustian  suasoriae. 
According  to  Jordan,  this  collection  of  Speeches  and 
Letters  was  made  by  a  grammarian  before  the  fall 
of  the  Roman  Empire  from  a  good  codex,  but  with 
arbitrary  changes  in  order  and  reading. 

For  the  manuscripts  of  the  Invectives  see  p.  492, 
note  1. 

^  See  page  xx,  note  2. 

xxi 


INTRODUCTION 

Bibliographical  Note 

The  Ediiio  princeps  of  Sallust  was  published  in 
1470.  Other  early  editions  are  those  of  Glareanus, 
Basle,  1538;  Carrio,  Antwerp,  1580;  Gruter,  Frank- 
furt, 1607;  Corte,  Leipzig,  1724;  Havercamp,  Am- 
sterdam, 1742. 

More  recent  editions  are  those  of  Kritz,  three 
volumes,  Leipzig,  1828-1853;  Gerlach,  Basle,  1832, 
1852,  Stuttgart,  1870;  Dietsch,  Leipzig,  1859;  Jor- 
dan, Berlin,  1866, 1876, 1887  ;  Eussner,  Leipzig,  1887. 

There  is  no  good  critical  edition  of  Sallust  with  a 
full  and  accurate  apparatus.  Recent  editors  confine 
themselves  for  the  most  part  to  a  record  of  their 
deviations  from  the  third  edition  of  Jordan. 

Of  editions  with  commentaries  may  be  mentioned: 
Fabri,  Nuremberg^^  1845;  Kritz,  Leipzig,  1856; 
Jacobs,  Berlinio,  1894  (by  H.  Wirz) ;  Capes,  Oxford, 
1889  ;  Merivale,  London,  1884  ;  and  of  the  Histories', 
B.  Maurenbrecher,  Leipzig,  1891-93. 

The  translations  of  Sallust  into  various  languages 
of  modern  Europe  are  exceedingly  numerous,  among 
them  German  versions  by  Cless  (Stuttgart,  1855)  and 
Holzer  (Stuttgart,  1868),  and  a  French  translation 
by  De  Brosses  (Paris,  1837).  The  earliest  English 
rendering  seems  to  be  Alexander  Barclay's  Historye 
of  Jugurth,  published  in  1557  together  with  The 
Conspiracie  of  Catiline  of  Constantius  Felicius  Du- 
rantinus.  Later  versions  are  those  of  John  Mair, 
Dublin,  1788;  William  Rose,  London,  1751,  and 
often  reprinted;  John  VV^'ltson,  Bohn  Library,  1852. 
xxii 


SALLUST 

THE   WAR   WITH   CATILINE 


C.    SALLUSTI    CRISPI 
BELLUM    CATILINAE 

I.  Omnis  homines  qui  sese  student  praestare 
ceteris  animalibus  summa  ope  niti  decet  ne  vitam 
silentio  transeant  veluti  pecora,  quae  natura  prona 

2  atque  ventri  oboedientia  finxit.  Sed  nostra  omnis 
vis  in  animo  et  corpore  sita  est ;  animi  imperio,  cor- 
poris servitio  magis  utimur ;  alterum  nobis  cum  dis, 

3  alterum  cum  beluis  commune  est.  Quo  mihi  rectius 
videtur  ingeni  quam  virium  opibus  gloriam  quaerere, 
et,  quoniam  vita  ipsa  qua  fruimur  brevis  est,  memo- 

4  riam  nostri  quam  max u me  longam  efficere  ;  nam 
divitiarum  et  formae  gloria  fluxa  atque  fragilis  est, 
virtus  clara  aeternaque  habetur. 

6  Sed  diu  magnum  inter  mortalis  certamen  fuit  vine 
corporis   an   virtute   animi  res  militaris    magis    pro- 

6  cederet.     Nam  et  prius  quam  incipias,  consulto,  et 

7  ubi  consulueris,  mature  facto  opus  est.  Ita  utrum- 
que  per  se  indigens  alterum  alterius  auxilio  eget. 

2 


SALLUST 
THE   WAR   WITH    CATILINE 


I.  It  behooves  all  men  who  wish  to  excel  the 
other  animals  to  strive  with  might  and  main  not 
to  pass  through  life  unheralded,  like  the  beasts, 
which  Nature  has  fashioned  grovelling  and  slaves  to 
the  belly.  All  our  power,  on  the  contrary,  lies  in 
both  mind  and  body ;  we  employ  the  mind  to  rule, 
the  body  rather  to  serve ;  the  one  we  have  in  com- 
mon with  the  Gods,  the  other  with  the  brutes. 
Therefore  I  find  it  becoming,  in  seeking  renown, 
that  we  should  employ  the  resources  of  the  intellect 
rather  than  those  of  brute  strength,  to  the  end  that, 
since  the  span  of  life  which  we  enjoy  is  short,  we 
may  make  the  memory  of  our  lives  as  long  as 
possible.  For  the  renown  which  riches  or  beauty 
confer  is  fleeting  and  frail ;  mental  excellence  is  a 
splendid  and  lasting  possession. 

Yet  for  a  long  time  mortal  men  have  discussed  the 
question  whether  success  in  arms  depends  more  on 
strength  of  body  or  excellence  of  mind ;  for  before 
you  begin,  deliberation  is  necessary,  when  you 
have  deliberated,  prompt  action.  Thus  each  of 
these,^  being  incomplete  in  itself,  requires  the 
other's  aid. 

^  Namely,  mind  and  body. 

3 
B   2 


SALLUST 

II.  Igitur  initio  reges — nam  in  terris  nomen  im- 
peri  id  primum  fuit — divorsi  pars  ingenium,  alii 
corpus  exercebant ;  etiam  tuni  vita  hominuni  sine 
cupiditate   agitabatur ;    sua   cuique    satis    placebant. 

2  Postea  vero  quam  in  Asia  Cyrus,  in  Graecia  Lacedae- 
monii  et  Athenienses  coepere  urbis  atque  nationes 
subigere,  lubidinem  doniinandi  causam  belli  habere, 
maxumam  gloriam  in  niaxumo  imperio  putare,  turn 
demum  periculo  atque  negotiis  compertum  est  in 
bello  plurumum  ingeniuni  posse. 

3  Quod  si  regum  atque  iniperatorum  animi  virtus  in 
pace  ita  ut  in  bello  valeret,  aequabilius  atque  con- 
stantius  sese  res  humanae  haberent,  neque  aliud 
alio   ferri   neque  mutari  ac   misceri  omnia  cerneres. 

4  Nam   imperium   facile   eis   artibus    retinetur   quibus 

5  initio  partum  est.  Verum  ubi  pro  labore  desidia, 
pro  continentia  et  aequitate  lubido  atque  superbia 
invasere,    fortuna    simul     cum    moribus    immutatur, 

6  Ita  imperium  semper  ad  optumum  quemque  a  minus 
bono  transfertur. 

7  Quae  homines  arant,  navigant,  aedificant,  virtuti 

8  omnia  parent.  Sed  multi  mortales  dediti  ventri 
atque  somno  indocti  incultique  vitam  sicuti  pere- 
grinantes  transiere  ;  ^  quibus  profecto  contra  naturam 
corpus  voluptati,  anima  oneri  fuit.  Eorum  ego  vitam 
mortemque  iuxta  aestumo,  quoniam  de  utraque  sile- 

9  tur.     Verum  enimvero  is  demum  mihi  vivere  atque 

*  transiere,  some  good  nus. ;  Prise,  iii.  433.  31  k  ;  Nonius^ 
p.  419  M  (677  Linds.)  :  transegere,  P  and  other  good  mss.; 
Don.  in  Ter.  Phorni.  4.  2.  15  ;  Serr.  in  Verg.  ("leorg.  1.  3. 


THE    WAR   WITH    CATILINE,  ii.  1-9 

II.  Accordingly  in  the  beginning  kings  (for  that 
was  the  first  title  of  sovereignty  among  men),  took 
different  courses,  some  training  their  minds  and 
others  their  bodies.  Even  at  that  time  men's  lives 
were  still  free  from  covetousness  ;  each  was  quite 
content  with  his  own  possessions.  But  when  Cyrus 
in  Asia  and  in  Greece  the  Athenians  and  Lace- 
daemonians began  to  subdue  cities  and  nations,  to 
make  the  lust  for  dominion  a  pretext  for  war,  to 
consider  the  greatest  empire  the  greatest  glory, 
then  at  last  men  learned  from  perilous  enterprises 
that  qualities  of  mind  availed  most  in  war. 

Now  if  the  mental  excellence  with  which  kings 
and  rulers  are  endowed  were  as  potent  in  peace 
as  in  war,  human  affairs  would  run  an  evener  and 
steadier  course,  and  you  would  not  see  power  passing  .' 
from  hand  to  hand  and  everything  in  turmoil  and 
confusion  ;  for  empire  is  easily  retained  by  the  quali- 
ties by  which  it  was  first  won.  But  when  sloth  has 
usurped  the  place  of  industry,  and  lawlessness  and 
insolence  have  superseded  self-restraint  and  justice, 
the  fortune  of  princes  changes  with  their  character. 
Thus  the  sway  is  always  passing  to  the  best  man 
from  the  hands  of  his  inferior. 

Success  in  agriculture,  navigation,  and  architecture 
depends  invariably  upon  mental  excellence.  Yet 
many  men,  being  slaves  to  appetite  and  sleep,  have 
passed  through  life  untaught  and  untrained,  like 
mere  wayfarers  ;  in  these  men  we  see,  contrary  to 
Nature's  intent,  the  body  a  source  of  pleasure,  the 
soul  a  burden.  For  my  own  part,  I  consider  the 
lives  and  deaths  of  such  men  as  about  alike,  since 
no  record  is  made  of  either.  In  very  truth  that 
man  alone  lives  and  makes  the  most  of  life,  as  it 


SALLUST 

frui  anima  videtur,  qui  aliquo  negotio  intentus  prae- 
clari  facinoris  aut  artis  bonae  famam  quaerit.  Sed 
in  magna  copia  rerum  aliud  alii  natura  iter  ostendit. 
III.  Pulchrum  est  bene  facere  rei  publieae,  etiam 
bene  dicere  hand  absurdum  est  ;  vel  pace  vel  bello 
clarum  fieri  licet.     Et  qui  fecere  et  qui  facta  aliorum 

2  scripsere,  multi  laudantur.  Ac  mihi  quidem,  tametsi 
baud  quaquam  par  gloria  sequitur  scriptorem  et 
actorem  ^  rerum,  tamen  in  primis  arduum  videtur  res 
gestas  scribere  ;  primum  quod  facta  dictis  exaequanda 
sunt,  dehinc  quia  plerique  quae  delicta  repreben- 
deris  malivolentia  et  invidia  dicta  putant ;  ubi  de 
magna  virtute  atque  gloria  bonorum  memores,  quae 
sibi  quisque  facilia  factu  putat,  aequo  animo  accipit^ 
supra  ea  veluti  ficta  pro  falsis  ducit. 

3  Sed  ego  adulescentulus  initio  sicuti  plerique  studio 
ad  rem  publicam  latus  sum,  ibique  mihi  multa  ad- 
vorsa  fuere.     Nam  pro  pudore,   pro  abstinentia,  pro 

4  virtute  audacia,  largitio,  avaritia  vigebant.  Quae 
tametsi  animus  aspernabatur  insolens  malarum  ar- 
tium,  tamen  inter  tanta  vitia  imbecilla  aetas  ambi- 

5  tione  corrupta  tenebatur ;  ac  me  cum  ab  reliquorum 
malis    moribus    dissentirem,    nihilo    minus    honoris 

^  actorem,  some  <jood  mss.\  Oell.  4.  15.  2  {cod.  RV'^)  : 
auctorem,  F  and  other  good  codices  ;  Charts,  i.  215.  27  K  ; 
Ge/L  {codd.  PV). 

6 


THE   WAR   WITH    CATHJNE,  ii.  9-111.  5 

seems  to  me,  who  devotes  himself  to  some  occupa- 
tion, courting  the  fame  of  a  glorious  deed  or  a  noble 
career.  But  amid  the  wealth  of  opportunities  Nature 
points  out  one  path  to  one  and  another  to  another. 

in.  It  is  glorious  to  serve  one's  country  by  deeds  ; 
even  to  serve  her  by  words  is  a  thing  not  to  be 
despised  ;  one  may  become  famous  in  peace  as  well 
as  in  war.  Not  only  those  who  have  acted,  but 
those  also  who  have  recorded  the  acts  of  others 
oftentimes  receive  our  approbation.  And  for  myself, 
although  I  am  well  aware  that  by  no  means  equal 
repute  attends  the  narrator  and  the  doer  of  deeds, 
yet  I  regard  the  writing  of  history  as  one  of  the 
most  difficult  of  tasks ;  first,  because  the  style  and 
diction  must  be  equal  to  the  deeds  recorded ;  and 
in  the  second  place,  because  such  criticisms  as  you 
make  of  others'  shortcomings  are  thought  by  most 
men  to  be  due  to  malice  and  envy.  Furthermore, 
when  you  commemorate  the  distinguished  merit  and 
fame  of  good  men,  while  every  one  is  quite  ready 
to  believe  you  when  you  tell  of  things  which  he 
thinks  he  could  easily  do  himself,  everything  beyond 
that  he  regards  as  fictitious,  if  not  false.  ^ 

When  I  myself  was  a  young  man,  my  inclinations 
at  first  led  me,  like  many  another,  into  public  life, 
and  there  I  encountered  many  obstacles ;  for  instead 
of  modesty,  incorruptibility  and  honesty,  shameless- 
ness,  bribery  and  rapacity  held  sway.  And  although 
my  soul,  a  stranger  to  evil  ways,  recoiled  from  such 
faults,  yet  amid  so  many  vices  my  youthful  weak- 
ness was  led  astray  and  held  captive  by  ambition  ; 
for  while  I  took  no  part  in  the  evil  practices  of 
the  others,  yet  the  desire  for  preferment  made  me 

^  c/.  Thuc.  i.  35. 


SALLUST 

cupido    eadem     qua     ceteros     fama     atque     invidia 
vexabat. 

IV.  Igitur  ubi  animus  ex  multis  miseriis  atque 
periculis  requievit  et  mihi  reliquam  aetatem  a  re 
publica  procul  habendam  decrevi^  non  fuit  consilium 
soeordia  atque  desidia  bonum  otium  conterere,  neque 
vero  agrum   colundo   aut   venando   servilibus   officiis 

2  intentum  aetatem  agere  ;  sed  a  quo  incepto  studio- 
que  me  ambitio  mala  detinuerat,  eodem  regressus 
statui  res  gestas  populi  Romani  carptim,  ut  quaeque 
memoria  digna  videbantur,  perscribere  ;  eo  magis^, 
quod  mihi  a  spe,  metu,  partibus  rei  publicae  animus 

3  liber  erat.     Igitur  de  Catilinae  coniuratione    quam 

4  verissume  potero  paucis  absolvam  ;  nam  id  facinus 
in  primis  ego   memorabile   existumo   sceleris    atque 

5  periculi  novitate.  De  cuius  hominis  moribus  pauca 
prius  explananda  sunt,  quam  initium  narrandi  faciam. 

V.  L.  Catilina,  nobili  genere  natus,  fuit  magna  vi 
et   animi    et    corporis,   sed   ingenio   malo   pravoque. 

2  Huic  ab  adulescentia  bella  intestina,  caedes,  rapinae, 
discordia  civilis  grata  fuere,  ibique  iuventutem  suam 

3  exercuit.     Corpus    patiens    inediae,   algoris,    vigiliae 

4  supra  quam  cuiquam  credibile  est.  Animus  audax, 
subdolus,  varius,  cuius  rei  lubet  simulator  ac  dissimu- 
lator, alieni  appetens,  sui  profusus,  ardens  in  cupidi- 

5  tatibus ;  satis  eloquentiae,  sapientiae  parum.    Vastus 

^  As  being  purely  corporeal ;  see  p.  2,  1,  5 :  animi  im- 
perio,  corporis  servitio  magis  ntimnr. 

8 


THE   WAR   WITH    CATILINE,  iii.  5-v.  5 

the   victim   of  the   same  ill- repute  and  jealousy   as 
they. 

IV.  Accordingly,  when  my  mind  found  peace 
after  many  troubles  and  perils  and  I  had  determined 
that  I  must  pass  what  was  left  of  my  life  aloof  from 
public  affairs,  it  was  not  my  intention  to  waste  my 
precious  leisure  in  indolence  and  sloth,  nor  yet  by 
turning  to  farming  or  the  chase,  to  lead  a  life  de- 
voted to  slavish  employments.^  On  the  contrary,  I 
resolved  to  return  to  a  cherished  purpose  from  which 
ill-starred  ambition  had  diverted  me,  and  write  a 
history  of  the  Roman  people,  selecting  such  portions 
as  seemed  to  me  worthy  of  record ;  and  I  was  con- 
firmed in  this  resolution  by  the  fact  that  my  mind 
was  free  from  hope,  and  fear,  and  partisanship.  I 
shall  therefore  write  briefly  and  as  truthfully  as 
possible  of  the  conspiracy  of  Catiline  ;  for  I  regard 
that  event  as  worthy  of  special  notice  because  of 
the  extraordinary  nature  of  the  crime  and  of  the 
danger  arising  from  it.  But  before  beginning  my 
narrative  I  must  say  a  few  words  abput  the  man's 
character. 

V.  Lucius  Catilina,  scion  of  a  noble  family,  had 
great  vigour  both  of  mind  and  of  body,  but  an  evil 
and  depraved  nature.  From  youth  up  he  revelled 
in  civil  wars,  murder,  pillage,  and  political  dissen- 
sion, and  amid  these  he  spent  his  early  manhood. 
His  body  could  endure  hunger,  cold  and  want  of 
sleep  to  an  incredible  degree  ;  his  mind  was  reck- 
less, cunning,  treacherous,  capable  of  any  form 
of  pretence  or  concealment.  Covetous  of  others' 
possessions,  he  was  prodigal  of  his  own ;  he  was 
violent  in  his  passions.  He  possessed  a  certain 
amount    of  eloquence,    but    little    discretion.      His 


SALLUST 

animus  immoderata,   incredibilia,  nimis  alta  semper 
cupiebat. 

6  Hunc  post  dominationem  L.  Sullae  lubido 
maxuma  invaserat  rei  publicae  capiundae,  neque 
id    quibus    modis    adsequeretur,    dum    sibi    regnum 

7  pararet,  quicquam  pensi  habebat.  Agitabatur  magis 
magisqiie  in  dies  animus  ferox  inopia  rei  familiaris 
et    conscientia  scelerum,   quae    utraque    eis    artibus 

8  auxerat  quas  supra  memoravi.  Incitabant  praeterea 
corrupti  civitatis  mores,  quos  pessuma  ac  divorsa 
inter  se  mala,  luxuria  atque  avaritia,  vexabant. 

9  Res  ipsa  hortari  videtur,  quoniam  de  moribus 
civitatis  tempus  admonuit,  supra  repetere  ac  paucis 
instituta  maiorum  domi  militiaeque,  quo  modo  rem 
publicam  habuerint  quantamque  reliquerint,  ut 
paulatim  immutata  ex  pulcherrima  atque  optuma 
pessuma  ac  flagitiosissuma  facta  sit,  disserere. 

VI.  Urbem  Romam,  sicuti  ego  accepi,  condidere 
atque  habuere  initio  Troiani,  qui  Aenea  duce 
profugi  sedibus  incertis  vagabantur,  cumque  eis 
Aborigines,  genus   hominum   agreste,  sine   legibus, 

2  sine  imperio,  liberum  atque  solutum.  Hi  postquam 
in  una  moenia  convenere,  dispari  genere,  dissimili 
lingua,  alii  alio  more  viventes,  incredibile  memoratu 
est  quam  facile  coaluerint ;   ita  brevi  multitudo  dis- 

3  persa  atque  vaga  concordia  civitas  facta  erat.     Sed 

^  Sulla  was  dictator  from  82  to  79  B.C. 

2  The  emphasis  given  by  ego  shows  that  Sallust  is  offering 
his  personal  view  of  the  matter,  and  in  fact  his  version  differs 
from  all  other  extant  traditions. 

lo 


THE    WAR    WITH    CATILINE,  v.  5~vi.  3 

disordered  mind  ever  craved  the  monstrous,  in- 
credible, gigantic. 

After  the  domination  of  Lucius  Sulla  ^  the  man 
had  been  seized  with  a  mighty  desire  of  getting 
control  of  the  government,  recking  little  by  what 
manner  he  should  achieve  it,  provided  he  made  him- 
self supreme.  His  haughty  spirit  was  goaded  more 
and  more  every  day  by  poverty  and  a  sense  of  guilt, 
both  of  which  he  had  augmented  by  the  practices  of 
which  I  have  already  spoken.  He  was  spurred  on, 
also,  by  the  corruption  of  the  public  morals,  which 
were  being  ruined  by  two  great  evils  of  an  opposite 
character,  extravagance  and  avarice. 

Since  the  occasion  has  arisen  to  speak  of  the 
morals  of  our  country,  the  nature  of  my  theme  seems 
to  suggest  that  I  go  farther  back  and  give  a  brief 
account  of  the  institutions  of  our  forefathers  in 
peace  and  in  war,  how  they  governed  the  common- 
wealth, how  great  it  was  Avhen  they  bequeathed  it 
to  us,  and  how  by  gradual  changes  it  has  ceased  to 
be  the  noblest  and  best,  and  has  become  the  worst 
and  most  vicious. 

VI.  The  city  of  Rome,  according  to  my  under- 
standing,2  was  at  the  outset  founded  and  inhabited 
by  Trojans,  who  were  wandering  about  in  exile  under 
the  leadership  of  Aeneas  and  had  no  fixed  abode ; 
they  were  joined  by  the  Aborigines,  a  rustic  folk, 
without  laws  or  government,  free  and  unrestrained. 
After  these  two  peoples,  different  in  race,  unlike  in 
speech  and  mode  of  life,  were  united  within  the 
same  walls,  they  were  merged  into  one  with  in- 
credible facility,  so  quickly  did  harmony  change  a 
heterogeneous  and  roving  band  into  a  common- 
wealth.     But  when  this  new  community  had  grown 

1 1 


SALLUST 

j)Ostqiiam  res  eorum  civibus,  moribus,  agris  aucta, 
satis  prospera  satisque  pollens  videbatur,  siciiti 
pleraque  mortalium   habentur,  invidia  ex   opulentia 

4  orta  est.  Igitur  reges  populique  finitumi  bello  temp- 
tare,  pauci  ex  amicis  auxilio  esse  ;  nam  ceteri  metu 

5  perculsi  a  periculis  aberant.  At  Romani  domi  mili- 
tiaeque  intenti  festinare,  parare^  alius  alium  hortari^ 
hostibus  obviam  ire,  libertatem,  patriam  parentisque 
armis  tegere.  Post  ubi  pericula  virtute  propulerant, 
sociis  atque  amicis  auxilia  portabant,  magisque 
dandis  quam  accipiundis  beneficiis  amicitias  parabant. 

6  Imperium  legitumum,  nomen  imperi  regium  ha- 
bebant.  Delecti,  quibiis  corpus  annis  infirmum, 
ingenium    sapieiitia  validum  erat,  rei  publicae   con- 

\   sultabant ;  ei  vel  aetate  vel  curae  similitudine  patres 

7  appellabantur.  Post  ubi  regium  imperium,  quod 
initio  conservandae  libertatis  atque  augendae  rei 
publicae  fuerat,  in  superbiam  dominationemque  se 
convortit,  immutato  more  annua  imperia  binosque 
imperatores  sibi  fecere  ;  eo  modo  minume  posse 
putabant  per  licentiam  insolescere  animum  humanum. 

VII.  Sed  ea  tempestate  coepere  se  quisque  magis 
extollere    magisque    ingenium    in    promptu    habere. 

2  Nam    regibus    boni    quam    mali    suspectiores    sunt 

3  seniperque  eis  aliena  virtus  formidulosa  est.  Sed 
ci vitas    incredibile    memoratu    est    adepta    libertate 


'  Such  as  the  Sabini,  Aequi,  Rutuli,  and  Volsci. 
-  The  consuls,  first  chosen  in  509  B.C.,  according  to  the 
traditional  chronolog}'. 

12 


THE   WAR   WITH    CATILINE,  vi.  3-vii.  3 

in  numbers,  civilization,  and  territory,  and  was  be- 
ginning to  seem  amply  rich  and  amply  strong,  then, 
as  is  usual  with  mortal  affairs,  prosperity  gave  birth  to 
envy.  As  a  result,  neighbouring  kings  and  peoples  ^ 
made  war  upon  them,  and  but  few  of  their  friends 
lent  them  aid ;  for  the  rest  were  smitten  with  fear 
and  stood  aloof  from  the  danger.  But  the  Romans, 
putting  forth  their  whole  energy  at  home  and  in  the 
field,  made  all  haste,  got  ready,  encouraged  one 
another,  went  to  meet  the  foe,  and  defended  their 
liberty,  their  country,  and  their  parents  by  arms. 
Afterwards,  when  their  prowess  had  averted  the 
danger,  they  lent  aid  to  their  allies  and  friends,  and 
established  friendly  relations  rather  by  conferring 
than  by  accepting  favours. 

They  had  a  constitution  founded  upon  law,  which 
was  in  name  a  monarchy ;  a  chosen  few,  whose  bodies 
were  enfeebled  by  age  but  whose  minds  were  forti- 
fied with  wisdom,  took  counsel  for  the  welfare  of  the 
state.  These  were  called  Fathers,  by  reason  either 
of  their  age  or  of  the  similarity  of  their  duties. 
Later,  when  the  rule  of  the  kings,  which  at  first  had 
tended  to  preserve  freedom  and  advance  the  state, 
had  degenerated  into  a  lawless  tyranny,  they  altered 
their  form  of  government  and  appointed  two  rulers 
with  annual  power,^  thinking  that  this  device  would 
prevent  men's  minds  from  growing  arrogant  through 
unlimited  authority. 

VII.  Now  at  that  time  every  man  began  to  lift 
his  head  higher  and  to  have  his  talents  more  in 
readiness.  For  kings  hold  the  good  in  greater  sus- 
picion than  the  wicked,  and  to  them  the  merit  of 
others  is  always  fraught  with  danger ;  still  the  free 
state,  once  liberty  was  won,  waxed  incredibly  strong 

13 


SALLUST 

quantum  brevi  creverit ;  tanta  cupido  gloriae  in- 
4:  cesserat.  '  lam  primum  iuventus,  simul  ac  belli 
patiens  erat,  in  castris  per  laborem  usum  militiae  ^ 
discebat  magisque  in  decoris  armis  et  militaribus 
equis    quam    in    scovtis   atque    conviviis    lubidinem 

5  habebant.  Igitur  talibus  viris  non  labor  insolitus, 
non  locus  ullus  asper  aut  arduus  erat,  non  armatus 

6  hostis  formidulosus ;  virtus  omnia  domuerat.  Sed 
gloriae  maxumum  certamen  inter  ipsos  erat ;  se 
quisque  hostem  ferire,  murum  ascendere,  conspici 
dum  tale  facinus  faceret,  properabat ;  eas  divitias^ 
earn  bonam  famam  magnamque  nobilitatem  puta- 
bant.      Laudis   avidi,  pecuniae  liberales   erant ;    glo- 

7  riam  ingentem,  divitias  honestas  volebant.  Me- 
morare  possem  quibus  in  locis  maxumas  hostium 
copias  populus  Romanus  parva  manu  fuderit,  quas 
urbis  natura  munitas  pugnando  ceperit,  ni  ea  res 
longius  nos  ab  incepto  traheret. 

VIII.  Sed  profecto  fortuna  in  omni  re  dominatur ; 
ea    res    cunctas    ex    lubidine    magis    quam    ex    vero 

2  celebrat  obscuratque.  Atlieniensium  res  gestae, 
sicuti  ego  aestumo,  satis  amplae  magnificaeque 
fuere,  verum   aliquanto  minores  tamen   quam  fama 

3  feruntur.  Sed  quia  provenere  ibi  scriptorum  magna 
ingenia,  per  terrarum  orbem  Atlieniensium  facta  pro 

4  maxumis    celebrantur.       Ita  eorum    qui    ea^  fecere 

^  usu  militiae,  P ;  usum  militiae,  VegetiuH  \.  4  {cod.  Pal. 
909):  usu  {or  usum)  militiam,  P*  and  other  good  mss.; 
Veyethis  1.  4  {codd.  Monacensis  6368  and  Oudianus  84). 

'^  ea,  P  and  other  good  mas.;  omitted  by  some  inferior  mss. 
and  by  llieron.  int.  Hilarion.  1. 

14 


THE    WAR    WITH    CATILINE,  vn.  3-viii.  4 

and  great  in  a  remarkably  short  time,  such  was  the 
thirst  for  glory  that  had  filled  men's  minds.  To 
begin  with,  as  soon  as  the  young  men  could  endure 
the  hardships  of  war,  they  were  taught  a  soldier's 
duties  in  camp  under  a  vigorous  discipline,  and  they 
took  more  pleasure  in  handsome  arms  and  war  horses 
than  in  harlots  and  revelry.  To  such  men  conse- 
quently no  labour  was  unfamiliar,  no  region  too 
rough  or  too  steep,  no  armed  foeman  was  terrible  ; 
valour  was  all  in  all.  Nay,  their  hardest  struggle 
for  glory  was  with  one  another ;  each  man  strove 
to  be  first  to  strike  down  the  foe,  to  scale  a 
wall,  to  be  seen  of  all  while  doing  such  a  deed. 
This  they  considered  riches,  this  fair  fame  and  high 
nobility.  It  was  praise  they  coveted,  but  they  were 
lavish  of  money ;  their  aim  was  unbounded  renown, 
but  only  such  riches  as  could  be  gained  honourably. 
I  might  name  the  battlefields  on  which  the  Romans 
with  a  mere  handful  of  men  routed  great  armies 
of  their  adversaries,  and  the  cities  fortified  by 
nature  which  they  took  by  assault,  were  it  not 
that  such  a  theme  would  carry  me  too  far  from 
my  subject. 

VIII.  But  beyond  question  Fortune  holds  sway 
everywhere.  It  is  she  that  makes  all  events  famous 
or  obscure  according  to  her  caprice  rather  than  in 
accordance  with  the  truth.  The  acts  of  the  Athe- 
nians, in  my  judgment,  were  indeed  great  and  glorious 
enough,  but  nevertheless  somewhat  less  important 
than  fame  represents  them.  But  because  Athens 
produced  writers  of  exceptional  talent,^  the  exploits 
of  the  men  of  Athens  are  heralded  throughout  the 
world  as  unsurpassed.     Thus  the  merit  of  those  who 

^  Such  as  Herodotus,  Thucydides,  and  Xenophon. 

15 


SALLUST 

virtus  tanta  habetur,  quantum  ea  ^  verbis  potuere 
5  extollere  praeclara  ingenia.  At  populo  Romano 
numquam  ea  copia  fuit,  quia  prudentissumus  quisque 
niaxume  negotiosus  erat ;  ingenium  nemo  sine 
corpore  exercebat ;  optumus  quisque  facere  quam 
dicere,  sua  ab  aliis  benefacta  laudari  quam  ipse 
aliorum  narrare  malebat. 

IX.  Igitur  domi  militiaeque  boni  mores  colebantur, 
Concordia  maxuma,  minuma  avaritia  erat,  ius  bo- 
numque   apud   eos  non  legibus  magis  quam  natura 

2  valebat.  lurgia,  discordias^  simultates  cum  hostibus 
exercebant,  cives  cum  civibus  de  virtute  certabant. 
In  suppliciis  deorum  magnifici,  domi  parci,  in  amicos 

3  fideles  erant.  Duabus  his  artibus,  audacia  in  bello, 
ubi  pax  evenerat  aequitate  seque  remque  publicam 

4  curabant.  Quarum  rerum  ego  maxuma  documenta 
haec  habeo,  quod  in  bello  saepius  vindicatum  est  in 
eos  qui  contra  imperium  in  hostem  pugnaverant 
quique  tardius  revocati  proelio  excesserant,  quam 
qui  signa  relinquere  aut  pulsi  loco  cedere  ausi  erant ; 

5  in  pace  vero,  quod  beneficiis  quam  ^  metu  imperium 
I  agitabant,  et  accepta  iniuria  ignoscere  quam  persequi 
'    malebant. 

X.  Sed  ubi  labore  atque  iustitia  res  publica  crevit, 
reges  magni  bello  domiti,  nationes  ferae  et  populi 
ingentes  vi  subacti,  Carthago  aemula  imperi  Romani 

^  ea,  P  and  other  good  mss.;  earn,  0)ie  good  codex  and 
Hitron.  I.e. 

-  f^omt  good  mss.  have  magis  before  quam. 

i6 


THE   WAR   WITH    CATILINE,  viii.  4-x.  i 

did  the  deeds  is  rated  as  high  as  brilUant  minds 
have  been  able  to  exalt  the  deeds  themselves  by 
words  of  praise.  But  the  Roman  people  never  had 
that  advantage,  since  their  ablest  men  were  always 
most  engaged  with  affairs ;  their  minds  were  never 
employed  apart  from  their  bodies ;  the  best  citizen 
preferred  action  to  words,  and  thought  that  his  own 
brave  deeds  should  be  lauded  by  others  rather  than 
that  theirs  should  be  recounted  by  him. 

IX.  Accordingly,  good  morals  were  cultivated  at 
home  and  in  the  field ;  there  was  the  greatest  har- 
mony and  little  or  no  avarice ;  justice  and  probity 
prevailed  among  them,  thanks  not  so  much  to  laws 
as  to  nature.  Quarrels,  discord,  and  strife  were  re- 
served for  their  enemies  ;  citizen  vied  with  citizen 
only  for  the  prize  of  merit.  They  were  lavish  in 
their  offerings  to  the  gods,  frugal  in  the  home,  loyal 
to  their  friends.  By  practising  these  two  qualities, 
boldness  in  warfare  and  justice  when  peace  came, 
they  watched  over  themselves  and  their  country.  In 
proof  of  these  statements  I  present  this  convincing 
evidence :  firstly,  in  time  of  war  punishment  was 
more  often  inflicted  for  attacking  the  enemy  con- 
trary to  orders,  or  for  withdrawing  too  tardily  when 
recalled  from  the  field,  than  for  venturing  to  abandon 
the  standards  or  to  give  ground  under  stress ;  and 
secondly,  in  time  of  peace  they  ruled  by  kindness 
rather  than  fear,  and  when  wronged  preferred  for- 
giveness to  vengeance. 

X.  But  when  our  country  had  grown  great  through 
toil  and  the  practice  of  justice,  when  great  kings 
had  been  vanquished  in  war,  savage  tribes  and  mighty 
peoples  subdued  by  force  of  arms,  when  Carthage, 
the    rival   of    Rome's   sway,  had    perished    root  and 

17 


SALLUST 

ab  stirpe  interiit,  cuncta  maria  terraeque  patebant, 

2  saevire  fortuna  ac  miscere  omnia  coepit.  Qui 
labores,  pericula,  dubias  atque  asperas  res  facile 
toleraverant,  eis  otium,  divitiae,  optanda  alias,  oneri 

3  miseriaeque  fuere.  Igitur  primo  iinperi_,  deinde 
pecuniae  ^  cupido  crevit ;  ea  quasi  materies  omnium 

4  malorum  fuere.  Namque  avaritia  fidera,  probitatem 
ceterasque  artis  bonas  subvortit ;  pro  his  superbiam^ 
crudelitatem,  deos  neglegere,  omnia  venalia  habere 

5  edocuit.  Ambitio  multos  mortalis  falsos  fieri  sub- 
egit,  aliud  clausum  in  pectore  aliud  in  lingua 
promptum  habere,  amicitias  inimicitiasque  non  ex 
re    sed    ex    commodo    aestumare    magisque    voltum 

6  quam  ingenium  bonum  habere.  Haec  primo 
paulatim  crescere,  interdum  vindicari ;  post,  ubi 
contagio  quasi  pestilentia  invasit,  civitas  immutata, 
imperium  ex  iustissumo  atque  optumo  crudele  in- 
tolerandumque  factum. 

XI.    Sed    primo    magis    ambitio    quam     avaritia 
animos    hominum    exercebat,    quod    tamen     vitium 

2  propius  virtutem  erat.  Nam  gloriam,  honorem, 
imperium  bonus  et  ignavus  aeque  sibi  exoptant ;  sed 
ille  vera  via  nititur,  huic  quia  bonae  artes  desunt, 

3  dolis  atque  fallaciis  contendit.  Avaritia  pecuniae 
studium  habet,  quam  nemo  sapiens  concupivit ;  ea 
quasi  venenis  malis  imbuta  corpus  animumque  virilem 
effeminat,  semper  infinita,  insatiabilis  est,  neque  copia 

i  neque    inopia   minuitur.       Sed    postquam    L.    Sulla 
armis  recepta  re  publica  bonis  initiis  nialos  eventus 
^  imperi  .  .  .  pecuniae,  Enssncr;  pecuniae  .  .  .  imperi,  mas. 
l8 


THE   WAR    WITH    CATILINE,  x.  i-xi.  4 

branch,  and  all  seas  and  lands  were  open,  then 
Fortune  began  to  grow  cruel  and  to  bring  confusion 
into  all  our  affairs.  Those  who  had  found  it  easy  to 
bear  hardship  and  dangers,  anxiety  and  adversity, 
found  leisure  and  wealth,  desirable  under  other  cir- 
cumstances, a  burden  and  a  curse.  Hence  the  lust 
for  power  first,  then  for  money,  grew  upon  them ; 
these  were,  I  may  say,  the  root  of  all  evils.  For 
avarice  destroyed  honour,  integrity,  and  all  other 
noble  qualities ;  taught  in  their  place  insolence, 
cruelty,  to  neglect  the  gods,  to  set  a  price  on  every- 
thing. Ambition  drove  many  men  to  become  false ; 
to  have  one  thought  locked  in  the  breast,  another 
ready  on  the  tongue ;  to  value  friendships  and  en- 
mities not  on  their  merits  but  by  the  standard  of  self- 
interest,  and  to  show  a  good  front  rather  than  a  good 
heart.  At  first  these  vices  grew  slowly,  from  time  to 
time  they  were  punished ;  finally,  when  the  disease 
had  spread  like  a  deadly  plague,  the  state  was 
changed  and  a  government  second  to  none  in  equity 
and   excellence  became  cruel  and  intolerable. 

XI.  But  at  first  men's  souls  were  actuated  less  by 
avarice  than  by  ambition — a  fault,  it  is  true,  but  not 
so  far  removed  from  virtue  ;  for  the  noble  and  the 
base  alike  long  for  glory,  honour,  and  power,  but 
the  former  mount  by  the  true  path,  whereas  the 
latter,  being  destitute  of  noble  qualities,  rely  upon 
craft  and  deception.  Avarice  implies  a  desire  for 
money,  which  no  wise  man  covets  ;  steeped  as  it  were 
with  noxious  poisons,  it  renders  the  most  manly  body 
and  soul  effeminate ;  it  is  ever  unbounded  and  in- 
satiable, nor  can  either  plenty  or  want  make  it  less. 
But  after  Lucius  Sulla,  having  gained  control  of  the 
state    by   arms,i  brought  everything    to  a  bad  end 

^  See  note  on  v.  6.     He  died  in  78  B.C. 

J9 

c  2 


SALLUST 

habuitj  rapere  omnes^  trahere,  domum  alius  alius 
agros  cupere^  neque  modum  neque  modestiam 
victores  habere,  foeda  crudeliaque  in  civis  faeinora 

5  facere.  Hue  accedebat  quod  L.  Sulla  exercitum 
quern  in  Asia  ductaverat,  quo  sibi  fidum  faceiet, 
contra  morem  maioruni  luxuriose  nimisque  liberaliter 
habuerat.       Loca  amoena,  voluptaria    facile    in  otio 

6  ferocis  militum  animos  moUiverant.  Ibi  primum 
insuevit  exercitus  populi  Romani  amare,  potare  ; 
signa,  tabulas  pictas,  vasa  caelata  mirari ;  ea  pri- 
vatim    et    publice    rapere,    delubra    spoliare,    sacra 

7  profanaque  omnia  polluere.  Igitur  ei  milites,  post- 
quam  victoriam  adepti  sunt,  nihil  reliqui  victis 
fecere.  Quippe  secundae  res  sapientium  animos 
fatigant,  ne  ^  illi  corruptis  moribus  victoriae 
temperarent. 

XII.  Postquam  divitiae  honori  esse  coepere  et 
eas  gloria,  imperium,  potentia  sequebatur,  hebescere 
virtus,  paupertas  probro  haberi,  innocentia  pro  mali- 

2  volentia  duci  coepit.  Igitur  ex  divitiis  iuventutem 
luxuria  atque  avaritia  cum  superbia  invasere  ;  rapere, 
consumere,  sua  parvi  pendere,  aliena  cupere,  pu- 
dorem,  pudicitiam,  divina  atque  humana  promiscua, 
nihil  pensi  neque  moderati  habere. 

3  Operae  pretium  est,  cum  domos  atque  villas 
cognoveris  in  urbium  modum  exaedificatas,  visere 
templa  deorum,  quae  nostri    maiores,  religiosissumi 

^  A  few  good  mss.  and  Prise,  in.  503.  9  k  have  neduin. 

^  Referring  respectively  to  military  and  political  power. 
20 


THE    WAR    WITH    CATILINE,  xi.  4-xii.  3 

from  a  good  beginning,  all  men  began  to  rob  and 
pillage.  One  coveted  a  house,  another  lands ;  the 
victors  showed  neither  moderation  nor  restraint,  but 
shamefully  and  cruelly  wronged  their  fellow  citizens. 
Besides  all  this,  Lucius  Sulla,  in  order  to  secure  the 
loyalty  of  the  army  which  he  led  into  Asia,  had 
allowed  it  a  luxury  and  license  foreign  to  the  man- 
ners of  our  forefathers  ;  and  in  the  intervals  of  leisure 
those  charming  and  voluptuous  lands  had  easily  de- 
moralized the  warlike  spirit  of  his  soldiers.  There 
it  was  that  an  army  of  the  Roman  people  first  learned 
to  indulge  in  women  and  drink ;  to  admire  statues, 
paintings,  and  chased  vases,  to  steal  them  from 
private  houses  and  public  places,  to  pillage  shrines, 
and  to  desecrate  everything,  both  sacred  and  profane. 
These  soldiers,  therefore,  after  they  had  won  the 
victory,  left  nothing  to  the  vanquished.  In  truth, 
prosperity  tries  the  souls  even  of  the  wise ;  how 
then  should  men  of  depraved  character  like  these 
make  a  moderate  use  of  victory  .^ 

XII.  As  soon  as  riches  came  to  be  held  in  honour, 
when  glory,  dominion,^  and  power  ^  followed  in  their 
train,  virtue  began  to  lose  its  lustre,  poverty  to  be 
considered  a  disgrace,  blamelessness  to  be  termed 
malevolence.  Therefore  as  the  result  of  riches, 
luxury  and  greed,  united  with  insolence,  took  pos- 
session of  our  young  manhood.  They  pillaged, 
squandered ;  set  little  value  on  their  own,  coveted 
the  goods  of  others ;  they  disregarded  modesty,  chas- 
tity, everything  human  and  divine  ;  in  short,  they 
were  utterly  thoughtless  and  reckless. 

It  is  worth  your  while,  when  you  look  upon  houses 
and  villas  reared  to  the  size  of  cities,  to  pay  a  visit 
to  the  temples  of  the  gods  built  by  our  forefathers, 

21 


SALLUST 

4  inortales^  fecere.  V^eriim  illi  delubra  deorum  pie- 
tate,    domos    suas   gloria   decorabant,    neque    victis 

6  quicquam  praeter  iniuriae  licentiam  eripiebant.  At 
hi  contra  ignavissumi  homines  per  summum  scelus 
omnia  ea  sociis  adimere,  quae  fortissumi  viri  vic- 
tores  reliquerant ;  proinde  quasi  iniuriam  facere  v^ 
demum  esset  imperio  uti. 

XIII.  Nam  quid  ea  memorem,  quae  nisi  eis  qui 
videre  nemini  credibilia  sunt^  a  privatis  compluribus 

2  subvorsos  montis,  maria  constrata  esse  ?  Quibus 
mihi  videntur  ludibrio  fuisse  divitiae ;  quippe  quas 
honeste  habere  licebat,  abuti  per  turpitudinem  pro- 

3  perabant.  Sed  lubido  stupri,  ganeae  ceterique  cultus 
non  minor  incesserat ;  viri  muliebria  pati,  muHeres 
pudicitiam  in  propatulo  habere  ;  vescendi  causa  terra 
marique  omnia  exquirere,  dormire  prius  quam  somni 
cupido  esset,  non  famem  aut  sitim  neque  frigus 
neque  lassitudinem  opperiri  sed  ea  omnia  luxu  ante- 

4  capere.     Haec  iuventutem,  ubi  familiares  opes  defe- 
6  cerant,  ad  facinora  incendebant.     Animus  imbutus 

malis  artibus  haud  facile  lubidinibus  carebat ;  eo  pro- 
fusius  omnibus  modis  quaestui  atque  sumptui  deditus 
erat. 

^  Referring  to  Xerxes.  Lucullus,  called  by  Pompey 
"Xerxes  togatus,"  and  Pompey  himself  cut  through  hills 
to  bring  salt  water  into  their  fishponds,  and  villas  built  out 
into  the  sea  existed  in  Sallust's  time  at  Baiae.  See  Horace, 
O^icsS.  1.  33: 

Contracta  piscen  aequora  sentiunt 

iactu  ill  altum  molibus. 

22 


THE    WAR    WITH    CATILINE,  xii.  3-xiii.  5 

most  reverent  of  men.  But  they  adorned  the  shrines 
of  the  gods  with  piety,  their  own  homes  with  glory, 
while  from  the  vanquished  they  took  naught  save 
the  power  of  doing  harm.  The  men  of  to-day, 
on  the  contrary,  basest  of  creatures,  with  supreme 
wickedness  are  robbing  our  allies  of  all  that  those 
heroes  in  the  hour  of  victory  had  left  them ;  they 
act  as  though  the  one  and  only  way  to  rule  were  to 
wrong. 

XIII.  Why,  pray,  should  I  speak  of  things  which 
are  incredible  except  to  those  who  have  seen  them, 
that  a  host  of  private  men  have  levelled  mountains 
and  built  upon  the  seas  ?  ^  To  such  men  their 
riches  seem  to  me  to  have  been  but  a  plaything ; 
for  while  they  might  have  enjoyed  them  honour- 
ably, they  made  haste  to  squander  them  shamefully. 
Nay  more,  the  passion  which  arose  for  lewdness, 
gluttony,  and  the  other  attendants  of  luxury  was 
equally  strong ;  men  played  the  woman,  women 
offered  their  chastity  for  sale ;  to  gratify  their  palates 
they  scoured  land  and  sea ;  they  slept  before  they 
needed  sleep ;  they  did  not  aw^ait  the  coming  of 
hunger  or  thirst,  of  cold  or  of  weariness,  but  all 
these  things  their  self-indulgence  anticipated. ^  Such 
were  the  vices  that  incited  the  young  men  to  crime, 
as  soon  as  they  had  run  through  their  property. 
Their  minds,  habituated  to  evil  practices,  could  not 
easily  refrain  from  self-indulgence,  and  so  they  aban- 
doned themselves  the  more  recklessly  to  every  means 
of  gain  as  well  as  of  extravagance. 

^  They  forestalled  hunger  and  thirst  by  appetizers  and  even 
by  emetics  [cf.  Sen.  Cons,  ad  Helv.  10.  3,  vomunt  ut  edant, 
tdunt  ut  vomant),  cold  and  weariness  by  baths  and  indolent 
habits. 

23 


SALLUST 

XIV.  In  tanta  tamque  corriipta  civitate  Catilina, 
id  quod  factu  facillumum  erat,  omnium  flagitiorum 
atque  facinorum  circum  se  tamquam  stipatorum  ca- 

2  tervas  habebat.  Nam  quicumque  impudicus,  ganeo, 
aleator/  manu,  ventre,  pene  bona  patria  laceraverat, 
quique  alienum  aes  grande  conflaverat,  quo  flagitium 

3  aut  facinus  redimeret,  praeterea  omnes  undique 
parricidae,  sacrilegi,  convicti  iudiciis  aut  pro  factis 
indicium  timentes,  ad  hoc  quos  manus  atque  lingua 
periurio  aut  sanguine  civili  alebat,  postremo  omnes 
quos  flagitium,  egestas,  conscius  animus  exagitabat, 

4  ei  Catilinae  proxumi  familiaresque  erant.  Quodsi 
quis  etiam  a  culpa  vacuus  in  amicitiam  eius  inci- 
derat,  cotidiano  usu  atque  illecebris  facile  par  similis- 
que  ceteris  efficiebatur.     Sed  maxume  adulescentium 

5  familiaritates  appetebat ;  eorum  animi  molles  etiam  ^ 

6  et  fluxi  dolis  baud  difficulter  capiebantur.  Nam  ut 
cuiusque  studium  ex  aetate  flagrabat,  aliis  scorta 
praebere,  aliis  canes  atque  equos  mercari,  postremo 
neque  sumptui  neque  modestiae  ^  suae  parcere,  dum 

7  illos  obnoxios  fidosque  sibi  faceret.  Scio  fuisse  non 
nullos  qui  ita  existumarent,  iuventutem  quae  domum 
Catilinae  frequentabat  parum  honeste  pudicitiam 
habuisse ;  sed  ex  aliis  rebus  magis,  quam  quod  cui- 
quam  id  compertum  foret,  haec  fama  valebat. 

XV.  lam  primum  adulescens  Catilina  multa  ne- 
fanda  stupra  fecerat,  cum  virgine  nobili,  cum  sacer- 

'  ganeo,  aleator,   Wolfflin  ;  adulter,  ganeo,  mss. 

^  molles  etiam,  P. 

•'  modestiae,  in^ft.;  molestiae,  Madvig^  Advers.  Crit.  2.  291. 

24 


THE   WAR    WITH    CATILINE,  xiv.   i-xv.  i 

XIV.  In  a  city  so  great  and  so  corrupt  Catiline 
found  it  a  very  easy  matter  to  surround  himself,  as 
by  a  bodyguard,  with  troops  of  criminals  and  repro- 
bates of  every  kind.  For  whatever  wanton,  glutton, 
or  gamester  had  wasted  his  patrimony  in  play,  feast- 
ing, or  debauchery ;  anyone  who  had  contracted  an 
immense  debt  that  he  might  buy  immunity  from 
disgrace  or  crime  ;  all,  furthermore,  from  every  side 
who  had  been  convicted  of  murder  or  sacrilege,  or 
feared  prosecution  for  their  crimes  ;  those,  too,  whom 
hand  and  tongue  supported  by  perjury  or  the  blood 
of  their  fellow  citizens ;  finally,  all  who  were  hounded 
by  disgrace,  poverty,  or  an  evil  conscience — all  these 
v,^ere  nearest  and  dearest  to  Catiline.  And  if  any 
guiltless  man  did  chance  to  become  his  friend,  daily 
intercourse  and  the  allurements  of  vice  soon  made 
him  as  bad  or  almost  as  bad  as  the  rest.  But  most 
of  all  Catiline  sought  the  intimacy  of  the  young ; 
their  minds,  still  pliable  as  they  were  and  easily 
moulded,  were  without  difficulty  ensnared  by  his 
wiles.  For  carefully  noting  the  passion  which  burned 
in  each,  according  to  his  time  of  life,  he  found 
harlots  for  some  or  bought  dogs  and  horses  for  others ; 
in  fine,  he  spared  neither  expense  nor  his  own  decency, 
provided  he  could  make  them  submissive  and  loyal 
to  himself.  I  am  aware  that  some  have  believed 
that  the  young  men  who  frequented  Catiline's  house 
set  but  little  store  by  their  chastity ;  but  that  report 
became  current.rather  for  other  reasons  than  because 
anyone  had  evidence  of  its  truth. 

XV.  Even  in  youth  Catiline  had  many  shameful 
intrigues — with  a  maiden  of  noble  rank,  with  a 
priestess    of   Vesta  ^ — and    other   affairs  equally  un- 

^  Fabia,  half-sister  of  Terentia,  Cicero's  wife.  Catiline 
was  acquitted. 


SALLUST 

dote    Vestae,    alia    huiuscemodi    contra    ius    fasque. 

2  Postremo  captus  amore  Aureliae  Orestillae,  cuius 
praeter  forniam  nihil  umquam  bonus  laudavit,  quod 
ea  nubere  illi  dubitabat,  timens  privignum  adulta 
aetata,  pro  certo  creditur  necato  filio  vacuam  domum 

3  scelestis  nuptiis  fecisse.     Quae  quidem  res  mihi  in 

4  primis  videtur  causa  fuisse  facinus  maturandi.  Nam- 
que  animus  impurus,  dis  hominibusque  infestus, 
neque   vigiliis  neque    quietibus   sedari   poterat ;    ita 

5  conscientia  mentem  excitani  vastabat.  Igitur  color ^ 
ei  exanguis,  foedi  oculi,  citus  modo  modo  tardus  in- 
cessus ;  prorsus  in  facie  voltuque  vecordia  inerat. 

XVI.    Sed  iuventutem,  quam,  ut   supra  diximus, 

2  illexerat,  multis  modis  mala  facinora  edocebat.  Ex 
illis  testis  signatoresque  falsos  commodare ;  fidem, 
fortunas,  pericula  vilia  habere,,  post  ubi  eorum  famam 
atque    pudorem    attriverat,    maiora    alia    imperabat. 

3  Si  causa  pQccandi  in  praesens  minus  suppetebat, 
nihilo  minus  insontis  sicuti  sontis  circumvenire,  iu- 
gulare ;  scilicet,  ne  per  otium  torpescerent  manus 
aut  animus,  gratuito  potius  malus  atque  crudelis 
erat.  • 

4  Eis  amicis  sociisque  confisus  Catilina,  simul  quod 
aes  alienum  per  omnis  terras  ingens  erat  et  quod 
plerique  Sullani  milites  largius  suo  usi  rapinarum  et 
victoriae  veteris  memores  civile  bellum  exoptabant, 

^  color, m«s. ;  colos,  ProhuSy  Gatholica  4. 15.  14k  and  4. 23. 34. 

^  This  trenchant  phrase  seems  to  have  originated  with 
Cicero,  Cat.  1.^4,  cum,  morte  suptrioris  uxoris  iiovis  nuptiis 
domum  vacueftcisses ;  cf.  Livy  1.  46.  9,  cum  domos  vacuas 
novo  matrimonio  ferissent . 


26 


^  ¥ 


THE    WAR   WITH    CATILINE,  xv.  i-xvi.  4 

lawful  and  impious.  At  last  he  was  seized  with  a 
passion  for  Aurelia  Orestilla,  in  whom  no  good  man 
ever  commended  anything  save  her  beauty ;  and 
when  she  hesitated  to  marry  him  because  she  was 
afraid  of  his  stepson,  then  a  grown  man,  it  is  gener- 
ally believed  that  he  murdered  the  young  man  in 
order  to  make  an  empty  house  for  this  criminal 
marriage.^  In  fact,  I  think  that  this  was  his  special 
motive  for  hastening  his  plot ;  for  his  guilt-stained 
soul,  at  odds  with  gods  and  men,  could  find  rest 
neither  waking  nor  sleeping,  so  cruelly  did  con- 
science ravage  his  overwrought  mind.  Hence  his 
pallid  complexion,  his  bloodshot  eyes,  his  gait  now 
fast,  now  slow  ;  in  short,  his  face  and  his  every  glance 
showed  the  madman. 

XVI.  To  the  young  men  whom  he  had  ensnared, 
as  I  have  described,  he  taught  many  forms  of  wicked- 
ness. From  their  number  he  supplied  false  witnesses 
and  forgers ;  he  bade  them  make  light  of  honour, 
fortune,  and  dangers ;  then,  when  he  had  sapped 
their  good  repute  and  modesty,  he  called  for  still 
greater  crimes.  If  there  was  no  immediate  motive 
for  wrong  doing,  he^^evertheless  waylaid  and  mur- 
dered innocent  a^  well  as  guilty ;  '^  indeed,  he  pre- 
ferred to  be  needlessly  vicious  and  cruel  rather  than 
to  allow  their  hands  and  spirits  to  grow  weak  through 
lack  of  practice. 

Relying   upon    such    friends    and    accomplices    as 
these,  Catiline  formed  the  plan  of  overthrowing  the  '^ 
government,  both  because  hie  ow.n   debt  was  enor-  ^  ^f\;^'^ 
mous  in  all  parts  of  the  world  and  because  the  greater 
number    of  Sulla's    veterans,    who    had    squandered 
their   property  and   now    thought   with    longing   of 

'^  That  is,  through  his  pupils  in  crime. 


SALLUST 

opprimundae  rei  publicae  consilium  cepit.  In  Italia 
nullus  exercitus,  Cn.  Pompeius  in  extremis  terris 
bellum  gerebat ;  ipsi  consulatum  petenti  magna 
spes,  senatus  nihil  sane  intentus ;  tutae  tranquillae- 
que  res  omnes,  sed  ea  prorsus  opj^ortuna  Catilinae. 

XVII.  Igitur  circiter  kalendas  lunias  L.  Caesare 
et  C.  Figulo  consulibus  primo  singulos  appellare, 
hortari  alios,  alios  temptare ;  opes  suas,  imparatam 
rem  publicam,  magna  praemia  coniurationis  docere. 

2  Ubi  satis  explorata  sunt  quae  voluit,  in  unum  omnis 
convocat  quibus  maxuma  necessitudo  et  plurumum 

3  audaciae  inerat.  Eo  convenere  senatorii  ordinis 
P.  Lentulus  Sura,  P.  Autronius,  L.  Cassius  Longinus, 
C.  Cethegus_,  P.  et  Ser.  Sullae  Ser.  filii,  L.  Vargun- 
teius,  Q.  Annius,  M.   Porcius   Laeca,   L.   Bestia,  Q. 

4  Curius ;  praeterea  ex  equestri  ordine  M.  Fulvius 
Nobilior,  L.  Statilius,  P.  Gabinius  Capito,  C.  Cor- 
nelius ;  ad  hoc  multi  ex  coloniis  et  municipiis,  domi 

5  nobiles.  Erant  praeterea  complures  paulo  occultius 
consili  huiusce  participes  nobiles,  quos  magis  domi- 
nationis  spes  hortabatur  quam  inopia  aut  alia  neces- 

6  situdo.  Ceterum  iuventus  pleraque,  sed  maxume 
nobilium,  Catilinae  inceptis  favebat,  quibus  in  otio 
vel  magnifice  vel  molliter  vivere  copia  erat,  incerta 

7  pro  certis,  bellum  quam  pacem  malebant.  Fuere 
item    ea    tempestate    qui    crederent    M.    Licinium 

^  He  was  at  the  time  in  Syria,  having  defeated  Mithridates 
in  Pontus.  '^  64  B.C. 

28 


THE  WAR    WITH    CATILINE,  xvi.  4-xvii.  7 

their  former  pillage  and  victories,  were  eager  for 
civil  war.  There  was  no  army  in  Italy ;  Gnaeus 
Pompeius  was  waging  war  in  distant  parts  of  the 
world ;  ^  Catiline  himself  had  high  hopes  as  a  can- 
didate for  the  consulship ;  the  senate  was  anything 
but  alert ;  all  was  peaceful  and  quiet ;  this  was  his 
golden  opportunity. 

XVII.  Accordingly,  towards  the  first  of  June  in 
the  consulate  of  Lucius  Caesar  and  Gaius  Figulus,^ 
he  addressed  his  followers  at  first  one  by  one,  en- 
couraging some  and  sounding  others.  He  pointed 
out  his  own  resources,  the  unprepared  condition  of 
the  state,  the  great  prizes  of  conspiracy.  When  he 
had  such  iiiformation  as  he  desired,  he  assembled  all 
those  who  were  most  desperate  and  most  reckless. 
There  were  present  from  the  senatorial  order  Publius 
Lentulus  Sura,  Publius  Autronius,  Lucius  Cassius  Lon- 
ginus,  Gaius  Cethegus,  Publius  and  Servius  Sulla, 
sons  of  Servius,  Lucius  Vargunteius,  Quintus  Annius, 
Marcus  Porcius  Laeca,  Lucius  Bestia,  Quintus  Curius ; 
also  of  the  equestrian  order,  Marcus  Fulvius  Nobilior, 
Lucius  Statilius,  Publius  Gabinius  Capito,  Gaius  Cor- 
nelius ;  besides  these  there  were  many  men  from  the 
colonies  and  free  towns  who  were  of  noble  rank  at 
home.  There  were,  moreover,  several  nobles  who 
had  a  somewhat  more  secret  connection  with  the 
plot,  men  who  were  prompted  rather  by  the  hope 
of  power  than  by  want  or  any  other  exigency.  The 
greater  part  of  the  young  men  also,  in  particular 
those  of  high  position,  were  favourable  to  Catiline's 
project ;  for  although  in  quiet  times  they  had  the 
means  of  living  elegantly  or  luxuriously,  they  pre- 
ferred uncertainty  to  certainty,  war  to  peace.  There 
were  also  at  that  time  some  who  believed  that  Marcus 

29 


SALLUST 

Crassum  non  ignarum  eius  consili  fuisse ;  quia  C)i. 
Pompeius  invisus  ipsi  magnum  exercitum  ductabat, 
cuiusvis  opes  voluisse  contra  illius  potentiam  cres- 
cere,  simul  confisum,  si  coniuratio  valuisset,  facile 
apud  illos  principem  se  fore. 

XVIII.   Sed  antea  item  coniuravere  pauci  contra 

2  rem  publicam,  in  quis '  Catilina  fuit ;  de  qua  quam 
verissume  potero  dicam.  L.  Tullo  et  M'.^  Lepido 
consulibus  P.  Autronius  et  P.  Sulla  designati  con- 
sules  legibus  ambitus   interrogati  poenas  dederant. 

3  Post  paulo  Catilina  pecuniarum  repetundarum  reus 
prohibitus  erat  consulatum  petere,  quod%intra  legi- 

4  tumos  dies  profiteri  nequiverat.^  Erat  eodem  tem- 
pore Cn.  Piso,  adulescens  nobilis,  summae  audaciae, 
egens^  factiosus^  quem  ad  perturbandam  rem  publi- 

5  cam  inopia  atque  mali  mores  stimulabant.  Cum  hoc 
Catilina  et  Autronius  circiter  nonas  Decembris  con- 
silio  communicato  parabant  in  Capitolio  kalendis 
lanuariis  L.  Cottam  et  L.  Torquatum  consules  inter- 
ficere,  ipsi  fascibus  correptis  Pisonem  cum  exercitu 

^  quis,  Diomedes  1.  445.  23  k  ;  quibus,  mss. 

-  P  and  other  good  mss.  have  M. 

^  P  and  others  of  the  better  msn.  read  nequiverit. 

^  The  so-called  First  Conspiracy  of  Caliline,  in  which 
Catiline  bore  a  sl^bordinate  part,  if  he  was  connected  with  it 
at  all.  It  owes  its  name  to  the  fact  that  the  second  con- 
spiracy was  the  direct  outgrowth  of  the  earlier  one. 

2  66  B.  c. 

'^  These  included  a  fine,  the  loss  of  their  office,  and  expul- 
sion from  the  senate. 

30 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xvii.  7-xviii.  5 

Licinius  Crassus  was  not  wholly  ignorant  of  the  plot ; 
that  because  his  enemy  Gaius  Pornpeius  was  in  com- 
mand of  a  large  army,  he  was  willing  to  see  anyone's 
influence  grow  in  opposition  to  the  power  of  his 
rival,  fully  believing  meanwhile  that  if  the  conspira- 
tors should  be  successful,  he  would  easily  be  the 
leading  man  among  them. 

XVIII.  Now,  even  before  that  time  a  few  men 
had  conspired  against  the  government,  and  among 
them  was  Catiline ;  of  that  affair  ^  I  shall  give  as 
true  an  account  as  I  am  able. 

In  the  consulship  of  Lucius  Tullus  and  Manius 
Lepidus,^  the  consuls  elect,  Publius  Autronius  and 
Publius  Sulla,  were  arraigned  under  the  law  against 
bribery  and  paid  the  penalties.^  A  little  later  Cati- 
line was  charged  with  extortion  and  prevented  from 
standing  for  the  consulship,  because  he  had  been 
unable  to  announce  his  candidacy  within  the  pre- 
scribed number  of  days.*  There  was  at  that  same  time 
a  young  noble  called  Gnaeus  Piso,  a  man  of  the 
utmost  recklessness,  poor,  and  given  to  intrigue, 
who  was  being  goaded  on  by  need  of  funds  and  an 
evil  character  to  overthrow  the  government.  He 
revealed  his  plans  to  Catiline  and  Autronius ;  they 
in  concert  with  him  began,  about  the  fifth  of  De- 
cember, to  make  preparations  to  murder  the  consuls 
Lucius  Cotta  and  Lucius  Torquatus  in  the  Capitol  on 
the  first  of  January ;  they  then  proposed  that  they 
themselves  should  seize  the  fasces^  and  dispatch 
Piso  with  an  army  to  take  possession  of  the  two 

*  This  was  a  trinundinum,  or  "  three  weeks." 
^  A   bundle   of   rods  with  an   axe  projecting   from  their 
middle,   carried  by  lictors  before  the  higher  magistrates  at 
Rome.     The  axes  were  removed  when  the  magistrates  were 
within  the  city. 

31 


SALLUST 

6  ad  dptinendas  duas  Hispanias  mittere.  Ea  re  cog- 
nita    rursus    in    nonas    Februarias    consilium    caedis 

7  transtulerant.  lam  turn  non  consulibus  modo,  sed 
plerisque      senatoribus      perniciem     machinabantur. 

8  Quodni  Catilina  maturasset  pro  curia  si  gnu  m  sociis 
dare,  eo  die  post  conditam  urbem  Romam  pessumum 
facinus  patratum  foret.  Quia  nondum  frequentes 
armati  convenerant,  ea  res  consilium  diremit. 

XIX.  Postea  Piso  in  citeriorem  Hispaniam  quaes- 
tor pro  praetore  missus  est  adnitente  Crasso,  quod 
eum   infestum    inimicum    Cn.    Pompeio    cognoverat. 

2  Neque  tamen  senatus  provinciam  invitus  dederat, 
quippe  foedum  hominem  a  re  publica  procul  esse 
volebat ;  simul  quia  boni  complures  praesidium  in  eo 
putabant  et  iam  tum  potentia   Pompei   formidulosa 

3  erat.  Sed  is  Piso  in  provincial  ab  equitibus  His- 
panis  quos  in  exercitu  ductabat  iter  faciens  occisus 

4  est.     Sunt  qui  ita  dicant,  imperia  eius  iniusta,  su- 

5  perba,  crudelia  barbaros  nequivisse  pati ;  alii  autem 
equites  illos  Cn.  Pompei  veteres  fidosque  clientis 
voluntate  eius  Pisonem  aggressos ;  numquam  His- 
panos  praeterea  tale  facinus  fecisse,  sed  imperia 
saeva  multa  antea  perpessos.  Nos  eam  rem  in 
medio  relinquemus.  De  superiore  coniuratione  satis 
dictum. 

IXX.  Catilina  ubi  eos  quos  paulo   ante   memoravi 
convenisse  videt,  tametsi  cum  singulis  multa  saepe 

'  P  and  some  other  good  mss.  have  provinciam. 


^  For  a  different  account  see  Suetonius,  Jul.  9. 


32 


THE   WAR    WITH    CATILINE,  xviii.  5-xx.  i 

Spanish'  provinces.  Upon  the  discovery  of  their 
plot  they  postponed  their  murderous  design  until 
the  fifth  of  February.  At  that  time  they  plotted 
the  destruction  not  merely  of  the  consuls  but  of 
many  of  the  senators,  and  had  Catiline  not  been 
over-hasty  in  giving  the  signal  to  his  accomplices  in 
front  of  the  senate-house,  on  that  day  the  most 
dreadful  crime  since  the  founding  of  the  city  of 
Rome  would  have  been  perpetrated.  But  because 
the  armed  conspirators  had  not  yet  assembled  in 
sufficient  numbers,  the  affair  came  to  naught.^ 

XIX.  Piso  was  afterwards,  through  the  efforts  of 
Crassus,  who  knew  him  to  be  a  deadly  enemy  of 
Gnaeus  Pompeius,  sent  to  Hither  Spain  with  prae- 
torian powers,  although  he  was  only  a  quaestor. 
The  senate,  however,  had  been  quite  willing  to  give 
him  the  province,  wishing  to  remove  the  shameless 
fellow  to  a  distance  from  the  seat  of  government ; 
moreover,  many  of  the  aristocracy  thought  they  had 
in  him  a  safeguard  against  Pompey,  whose  power 
was  even  then  becoming  formidable.  Now  this  Piso 
was  slain,  while  marching  through  his  province,  by 
the  Spanish  cavalry  under  his  command.  Some  say 
that  the  barbarians  could  not  endure  his  rule,  un- 
just, insolent,  and  cruel ;  others,  that  the  horsemen, 
who  were  old  and  devoted  retainers  of  Pompey, 
attacked  Piso  at  his  instigation.  The  latter  point  out 
that  the  Spaniards  had  never  before  committed  such 
a  crime,  but  had  tolerated  many  cruel  rulers  in  former 
days.  We  shall  not  attempt  to  decide  this  question, 
and  enough  has  been  said  about  the  first  conspiracy. 

XX.  When  Catiline  saw  before  him  the  men  whom 
I  mentioned  a  short  time  ago,  although  he  had  often 
had    long   conferences    with    them    individually,    he 

33 

D 


SALLUST 

egeratj  tamen  in  rem  fore  credens  univorsos  appel- 
lare  et  cohortari,  in  abditam  partem  aedium  secedit  ^ 
atque  ibi  omnibus  arbitris  procul  amotis  orationem 
huiuscemodi  habuit. 

2  "  Ni  virtus  fidesque  vostra  spectata  mihi  forent,^ 
nequiquam   opportuna   res   cecidisset ;    spes   magna, 

3  dominatio  in  manibus  frustra  fuissent,  neque  ego  per 
ignaviam  aut  vana  ingenia  incerta  pro  certis  cap- 
tarem.  Sed  quia  multis  et  magnis  tempestatibus 
vos  cognovi  fortis  fidosque  mihi.  eo  animus  ausus  est 
maxumum  atque  pulcherrumum  facinus  incipere, 
simul  quia  vobis  eadem  quae  mihi  bona  malaque  esse 

4  intellexi ;  nam  idem  velle  atque  idem  nolle,  ea  de- 

5  mum  firma  amicitia  est.    Sed  ego  quae  mente  agitavi 

6  omnes  iam  antea  divorsi  audistis.  Ceterum  mihi  in 
dies  magis  animus  accenditur,  cum  considero  quae 
condicio  vitae  futura  sit,  nisi  nosmet  ipsi  vindicamus 

7  in  libertatem.  Nam  postquam  res  publica  in  pauco- 
rum  potentium  ius  atque  dicionem  concessit,  semper 
illis  reges,  tetrarchae  vectigales  esse,  populi,  nationes 
stipendia  pendere  ;  ceteri  omnes,  boni,  mali,*^  nobiles 
atque  ignobiles,  volgus  fuimus  sine  gratia,  sine 
auctoritate,  eis  obnoxii,  quibus,  si  res  publica  valeret, 

8  formidini  essemus.  Itaque  omnis  gratia,  potentia, 
honos,  divitiae  apud  illos  sunt  aut  ubi  illi  volunt ; 
nobis  reliquere  pericula,  repulsas,  iudicia,  egestatem. 

9  Quae  quousque  tandem  patiemini,  o  fortissumi  viri  ? 

^  P  and  other  good  mss.;  some  good  mss.  have  secessit. 

''  foret,   V. 

^  boni  mali,  Gndeman  ;  strenui  boni,  7n«.^. 

34 


THE   WAR   WITH    CATILINE,  xx.  1-9 

thought  that  it  would  be  well  to  address  and  en- 
courage the  entire  body.  Accordingly,  withdrawing 
to  a  private  room  of  the  house  and  excluding  all 
witnesses,  he  made  the  following  speech  : 

^'  If  I  had  not  already  tested  your  courage  and 
loyalty,  in  vain  would  a  great  opportunity  have  pre- 
sented itself;  high  hopes  and  power  would  have 
been  placed  in  my  hands  to  no  purpose,  nor  would 
I  with  the  aid  of  cowards  or  inconstant  hearts  grasp 
at  uncertainty  in  place  of  certainty.  But  because 
I  have  learned  in  many  and  great  emergencies 
that  you  are  brave  and  faithful  to  me,  my  mind 
has  had  the  courage  to  set  on  foot  a  mighty  and 
glorious  enterprise,  and  also  because  I  perceive 
that  you  and  I  hold  the  same  view  of  what  is 
good  and  evil ;  for  agreement  in  likes  and  dis- 
likes— this,  and  this  only,  is  what  constitutes  true 
friendship.  As  for  the  designs  which  I  have  formed, 
they  have  already  been  explained  to  you  all  in- 
dividually. But  my  resolution  is  fired  more  and 
more  every  day,  when  I  consider  under  what  con- 
ditions we  shall  live  if  we  do  not  take  steps  to 
emancipate  ourselves.  For  ever  since  the  state  fell 
under  the  jurisdiction  and  sway  of  a  few  powerful 
men,  it  is  always  to  them  that  kings  and  potentates 
are  tributary  and  peoples  and  nations  pay  taxes.  All 
the  rest  of  us,  good  and  bad,  nobles  and  commons 
alike,  have  made  up  the  mob,  without  influence,  with- 
out weight,  and  subservient  to  those  to  whom  in  a  free 
state  we  should  be  an  object  of  fear.  Because  of 
this,  all  influence,  power,  rank,  and  wealth  are  in 
their  hands,  or  wherever  they  wish  them  to  be ;  to 
us  they  have  left  danger,  defeat,  prosecutions,  and 
poverty.     How   long,    pray,    will    you    endure    this, 

35 
D   2 


SALLUST 

Nonne    eraori    per    virtutem    praestat    quam    vitam 
miseram   atque    inhonestam,   ubi    alienae    superbiae 

10  ludibrio  fueris^  per  dedecus  amittere  ?  Verum  enim- 
vero,  pro  deum  atque  hominum  fidem  victoria  in 
inanu  nobis ^  est,  viget  aetas,  animus  valet;  contra 
illis  annis  atque  divitiis  omnia  consenuerunt.  Tan- 
tum  modo  incepto  opus   est ;    cetera  res   expediet. 

11  Etenim  quis  mortalium,  cui  virile  ingenium  est,  tole- 
rare  potest,  illis  divitias  superare,  quas  profundant  in 
extruendo  mari  et  montibus  coaequandis,  nobis  rem 
familiarem  etiam  ad  necessaria  deesse  ?  Illos  binas 
aut  amplius  domos  continuare,  nobis  larem  familia- 

12  rem  nusquam  uUum  esse?  Cum  tabulas,  signa,  toreu- 
mata  emunt,  nova  diruunt,  alia  aedificant,  postremo 
omnibus    modis    pecuniam    trahunt,   vexant,  tamen 

13  summa  lubidine  divitias  suas  vincere  nequeunt.  At 
nobis  est  domi  inopia,  foris  aes  alien um,  mala  res, 
spes  multo  asperior ;  denique  quid  reliqui  Iiabemus 

14  praeter  miseram  animam  ?  Quin  igitur  expergisci- 
mini?  En  ilia  ilia  quam  saepe  optastis  libertas, 
praeterea  divitiae,  decus,  gloria   in  oculis  sita  sunt. 

15  Fortuna  omnia  ea  victoribus  praemia  posuit.  Res, 
tempus,    pericula,    egestas,    belli    spolia    magnifica 

16  magis  quam  oratio  mea  vos  hortantur.  Vel  impera- 
tore   vel   milite  me  utimini ;    neque   animus  neque 

17  corpus  a  vobis  aberit.     Haec  ipsa,  ut  spero,  vobiscum 

^  v'obis,  P^  in  margin,  V. 
^  See  note  on  chap.  xiii.  1. 

36 


/ 


THE   WAR   WITH    CATILINP:,  xx.  9-17 

brave  hearts  ?  Is  it  not  better  to  die  valiantly^ 
than  ignominiously  to  lose  our  wretched  and  dis- 
honoured lives  after  being  the  sport  of  others'  in- 
solence ?  Assuredly  (I  swear  it  by  the  faith  of  gods 
and  men  !)  victory  is  within  our  grasp.  We  are  in 
the  prime  of  life,  we  are  stout  of  heart ;  to  them, 
on  the  contrary,  years  and  riches  have  brought 
utter  dotage.  We  need  only  to  strike ;  the  rest 
will  take  care  of  itself.  Pray,  what  man  with  the 
spirit  of  a  man  can  endure  that  our  tyrants  should 
abound  in  riches,  to  squander  in  building  upon  the 
sea  and  in  levelling  mountains,^  while  we  lack  the 
means  to  buy  the  bare  necessities  of  life  ?  That 
they  should  join  their  palaces  by  twos  or  even  more, 
while  we  have  nowhere  a  hearthstone  ?  They  amass 
paintings,  statuary  and  chased  vases,-  tear  down 
new  structures  and  erect  others,  in  short  misuse  and 
torment  their  wealth  in  every  way ;  yet,  with  the 
utmost  extravagance,  they  cannot  get  the  upper 
hand  of  their  riches.  But  we  have  destitution  at 
home,  debt  without,  present  misery  and  a  still  more 
hopeless  future ;  in  short,  what  have  we  left,  save 
only  the  wretched  breath  of  life  ?  Awake  then  !  Lo, 
here,  here  before  your  eyes,  is  the  freedom  for  which 
you  have  often  longed,  and  with  it  riches,  honour, 
and  glory  ;  Fortune  offers  all  these  things  as  prizes  to 
the  victors.  The  undertaking  itself,  the  opportunity, 
the  dangers,  your  need,  the  splendid  spoils  of  war, 
speak  louder  than  any  words  of  mine.  Use  me 
either  as  your  leader  or  as  a  soldier  in  the  ranks ; 
my  soul  and  my  body  shall  be  at  your  service. 
These  very  schemes  I  hope  to  help  you  carry  out 

^  Toreumata    is   the   Greek   equivalent    of    vasa'  caelata, 
xi.  6. 

37 


SALLUST 

una  consul  agam^  nisi  forte  me  animus  fallit  et  vos 
servire  magis  quam  imperare  parati  estis." 

XXI.  Postquam  accepere  ea  homines  quibus  mala 
abunde  omnia  erat,  sed  neque  res  neque  spes  bona 
uUa,  tametsi  illis  quieta  movere  magna  merces  vide- 
batur,  tamen  postulavere  plerique  ut  proponeret 
quae  condicio  belli  foret,  quae  praemia  armis  pete- 

2  rent,  quid  ubique  opis  aut  spei  haberent.  Tum 
Catilina  polliceri  tabulas  novas,  proscriptionem 
locupletium,  magistratus,  sacerdotia,  rapinas,  alia 
omnia   quae    bellum    atque    lubido    victorum    fert. 

3  Praeterea  esse  in  Hispania  citeriore  Pisonem,  in 
Mauretania  .  cum  exercitu  P.  Sittium  Nucerinum, 
consili  sui  participes ;  petere  consulatum  C.  iVn- 
tonium,  quem  sibi  collegam  fore  speraret,  hominem 
et  familiarem  et  omnibus  necessitudinibus  circum- 
ventum ;    cum   eo  se  consulem   initium  agundi   fac- 

i  turum.  Ad  hoc  maledictis  increpabat  omnis  bonos, 
suorum  unum  quemque  nominans  laudare ;  ad- 
monebat  alium  egestatis,  alium  cupiditatis  suae, 
compluris   periculi  aut  ignominiae,  multos  victoriae 

5  SuUanae,  quibus  ea  praedae  fuerat.  Postquam 
omnium  animos  alacris  videt,  cohortatus  ut  petiti- 
onem  suam  curae  haberent,  conventum  dimisit. 

XXII.  Fuere  ea  tempestate  qui  dicerent  Catilinam 
oratione  habita  cum  ad  iusiurandum  popularis  sceleris 
sui  adigeret,^  humani  corporis  sanguinem  vino  per- 

2  mixtum    in    pateris    circumtulisse ;     inde    cum    post 
exsecrationem     omnes     degustavissent,     sicuti      in 
^  P  and  some  other  good  mas.  have  adiceret. 

38 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xx.  17-xxii.  2 

as  your  consul,  unless  haply  I  delude  myself  and  you 
are  content  to  be  slaves  rather  than  to  rule." 

XXI.  When  these  words  fell  upon  the  ears  of 
men  who  had  inisfx)rtune  of  every  kind  in  excess, 
but  neither  means  nor  any  honourable  hope,  al-. 
though  disorder  alone  seemed  to  them  an  ample 
reward,  yet  many  of  them  called  upon  him  to 
explain  the  conditions  under  which  war  would  be 
waged,  what  the  prizes  of  victory  would  be,  and  what 
resources  or  prospects  they  would  have  and  in  what 
quarter.  Thereupon  Catiline  promised  abolition  of 
debts,  the  proscription  of  the  rich,  offices,  priest- 
hoods, plunder,  and  all  the  other  spoils  that  war  and 
the  license  of  victors  can  offer.  Pie  added  that  Piso 
was  in  Hither  Spain,  Publius  Sittius  of  Nuceria  in 
Mauretania  with  an  army,  both  of  whom  were 
partners  in  his  plot ;  that  Gaius  Antonius  was  a 
candidate  for  the  consulship,  and,  he  hoped,  would 
be  his  colleague,  a  man  who  was  an  intimate 
friend  of  his  and  was  beset  by  every  sort  of  rieces- 
sity ;  consul  with  him,  he  would  launch  his  under- 
taking. Thereupon  he  heaped  maledictions  upon 
all  good  citizens,  lauded  each  of  his  own  followers 
by  name  ;  he  reminded  one  of  his  poverty,  another 
of  his  ambition,  several  of  their  danger  or  disgrace, 
many  of  the  victory  of  Sulla,  which  they  had  found 
a  source  of  booty.  When  he  saw  that  their  spirits 
were  all  aflame,  he  dismissed  the  meeting,  urging 
them  to  have  his  candidacy  at  heart. 

XXII.  It  was  said  at  the  time  that  when  Catiline, 
after  finishing  his  address,  compelled  the  partici- 
pants in  his  crime  to  take  an  oath,  he  passed  around 
bowls  of  human  blood  mixed  with  wine  ;  that  when 
after  an  imprecation  upon  traitors  all  had  tasted  it,  as 

39 


SALLUST 

sollemnibus  sacris  fieri  consuevit,  aperuisse  consilium 
suum;  atque  eo  dictitare  fecisse/  quo  inter  se  fidi 
3  maffis  forent,  alius  alii  tanti  facinoris  conscii.  Non 
nuUi  ficta  et  haec  et  multa  praeterea  existumabant 
ab  eis  qui  Ciceronis  invidiam,  quae  postea  orta 
est,  leniri  credebant  atrocitate  sceleris  eorum  qui 
poenas  dederant.  Nobis  ea  res  pro  magnitudine 
parum  comperta  est. 

XXIIl.  Sed  in  ea  coniuratione  fuit  Q.  Curius, 
natus  baud  obscuro  loco,  flagitiis  atque  facinoribus 
coopertus,  quem  censores  senatu  probri  gratia  move- 

2  rant.  Huic  homini  non  minor  vanitas  inerat  quam 
audacia;  neque  reticere  quae  audierat,  neque 
suamet  ipse  scelera  occultare  ;  prorsus  neque  dicere 

3  neque  facere  quicquam  pensi  babebat.  Erat  ei  cum 
Fulvia,  muliere  nobili,  stupri  vetus  consuetudo  ;  cui 
cum  minus  gratus  esset,  quia  inopia  minus  largiri 
poterat,  repente  glorians  maria  montisque  poUiceri 
coepit  et  minari  interdum  ferro,  ni  sibi  obnoxia 
foret ;  postremo  ferocius  agitare  quam  solitus  erat. 

4  At  Fulvia  insolentiae^  Curi  causa  cognita  tale 
periculum  rei  publicae   baud   occultum  habuit,  sed 

1  Some  good  mss.  omit  or  expunge  thU  phrase.  Ritschl 
vrovosed  omittinq  the  whole  phrase  and  Selling  to  omtt  dicti- 
tare Idque  eo  'dicitur  fecisse,  Bergk  ;  atque  eo  dixisse  eani 
rem'fecisse  '' axd  similiter;'  Madrig  ;  atque  eo  se  fecisse, 
Summers.  . 

2  insolentiae,  r  ;  the  best  mss.  have  nisolentia. 

40 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xxii.  2-xxiii.  4 

is  usual  in  solemn  rites,  he  disclosed  his  project ; 
and  his  end  in  so  doing  was,  they  say,  that  they 
might  be  more  faithful  to  one  another  because  they 
shared  the  guilty  knowledge  of  so  dreadful  a  deed. 
Others  thought  that  these  and  many  other  details 
were  invented  by  men  who  believed  that  the  hos- 
tility which  afterwards  arose  against  Cicero  would  be 
moderated  by  exaggerating  the  guilt  of  the  conspira- 
tors whom  he  had  put  to  death.  For  my  own  part 
I  have  too  little  evidence  for  pronouncing  upon  a 
matter  of  such  weight. 

XXIII.  Now  one  of  the  members  of  the  conspiracy 
was  Quintus  Curius,  a  man  of  no  mean  birth  but 
guilty  of  many  shameful  crimes,  whom  the  censors  ^ 
had  expeUed  from  the  senate  because  of  his  im- 
morality. This  man  was  as  untrustworthy  as  he  was 
reckless  ;  he  could  neither  keep  secret  what  he  had 
heard  nor  conceal  even  his  own  misdeeds  ;  he  was 
utterly  regardless  of  what  he  did  or  said.  He  had 
an  intrigue  of  long  standing  with  Fulvia,  a  woman  of 
quality,  and  when  he  began  to  lose  her  favour  be- 
cause poverty  compelled  him  to  be  less  lavish,  he 
suddenly  fell  to  boasting,  began  to  promise  her  seas 
and  mountains,^  and  sometimes  to  threaten  his  mis- 
tress with  the  steel  if  she  did  not  bow  to  his  will ; 
in  brief,  to  show  much  greater  assurance  than  be- 
fore. But  Fulvia,  when  she  learned  the  cause  of  her 
lover's  overbearing  conduct,  had  no  thought  of  con- 
cealing such  a  peril  to  her  country,  but  without 
mentioning  the   name  of  her  informant  she  told  a 

^  Probably  Cn.  Lentulus  and  L.  Gellius,  in  70  B.C.  ;  see 
Livy,  Epit.  xcviii. 

2  cf.  Terence,  Phormio  68;  moclo  non  montis  auri  pollicens, 
a  common  proverbial  expression  ;  maria  seems  to  be  rarer  in 
this  sense. 

41 


SALLUST 

sublato     auctore    de     Catilinae    coniuratione    quae 
quoque  niodo  audierat  compluribus  narravit. 

5  Ea  res    in    primis    studia    hominum    accendit    ad 

6  consulatum  mandandum  M.  Tullio  Ciceroni.  Nani- 
que  antea  pleraque  nobilitas  invidia  aestuabat  ^ 
et  quasi  pollui  consulatum  credebant,  si  eum  quam- 
vis  egregius  homo  novus  adeptus  foret.  Sed  ubi 
periculum  advenit,  invidia  atque  superbia  post  fuere. 

XXIV.  Igitur    comitiis    habitis    consules    declar- 
antur  M.  Tullius  et  C.  Antonius,  quod  factum  primo 

2  popularis  coniurationis  concusserat.  Neque  tamen 
Catilinae  furor  minuebatur,  sed  in  dies  plura  agitare, 
arma  per  Italiam  locis  opportunis  parare,  pecuniam 
sua  aut  amicorum  fide  sumptam  mutuan'i  Faesulas 
ad  Manlium  quendam   portare^   qui  postea  princeps 

3  fuit  belli  faciundi.  Ea  tempestate  plurimos  cuiusque 
generis  homines  adscivisse  sibi  dicitur,  niulieres 
etiam  aliquot^  quae  primo  ingentis  sumptus  stupro 
corporis  toleraverant,  post  ubi  aetas  tantum  modo 
quaestui  neque  luxuriae  modum  fecerat,  aes  alienum 

4  grande  conflaverant.  Per  eas  se  Catilina  credebat 
posse  servitia  urbana  sollicitare,  urbem  incendere, 
viros  earum  vel  adiungere  sibi  vel  interficere. 

XXV.  Sed    in    eis    erat    Sempronia,    quae    multa 
2  saepe    virilis    audaciae    facinora    commiserat.      Haec 

mulier    genere  atque   forma,  praeterea  viro   atque  ^ 
liberis  satis  fortunata  fuit;  litteris  Graecis  et  Latinis 

^  P  and  other  good  mss.  have  aestimabat. 
2  Some  good  mss.  omit. 

^  Meaning  one  whose  ancestors  had  held  no  curule  office  ; 
that  is,  had  not  been  curule  aedile,  praetor  or  consul. 

42 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  XXIII.  4-xxv.  2 

number  of  people  what  she  had  heard  of  Catiline's 
conspiracy  from  various  sources. 

It  was  this  discovery  in  particular  which  aroused  a 
general  desire  to  confer  the  consulate  upon  Marcus 
Tullius  Cicero ;  for  before  that  most  of  the  nobles 
were  consumed  with  jealousy  and  thought  the  office 
in  a  way  prostituted  if  a  ^^  new  man/' ^  however 
excellent,  should  obtain  it.  But  when  danger  came, 
jealousy  and  pride  fell  into  the  background. 

XXIV^.  Accordingly,  when  the  elections  had  been 
held  Marcus  Tullius  and  Gaius  Antonius  were  pro- 
claimed consuls,  and  this  at  first  filled  the  con- 
spirators with  consternation.  And  yet  Catiline's 
frenzy  did  not  abate.  On  the  contrary,  he  increased 
his  activity  every  day,  made  collections  of  arms  at 
strategic  points  in  Italy,  and  borrowed  money  on 
his  own  credit  or  that  of  his  friends,  sending  it  to 
Faesulae  to  a  certain  Manlius,  who  afterwards  was 
the  first  to  take  the  field.  At  that  time  Catiline 
is  said  to  have  gained  the  support  of  many  men  of 
all  conditions  and  even  of  some  women ;  the  latter 
at  first  had  met  their  enormous  expenses  by  prosti- 
tution, but  later,  when  their  time  of  life  had  set  a 
limit  to  their  trafl[ic  but  not  to  their  extravagance, 
had  contracted  a  huge  debt.  Through  their  help 
Catiline  believed  that  he  could  tempt  the  city  slaves 
to  his  side  and  set  fire  to  Rome  ;  and  then  either 
attach  the  women's  husbands  to  his  cause  or  make 
away  with  them. 

XXV.  Now  among  these  women  was  Sempronia, 
who  had  often  committed  many  crimes  of  masculine 
daring.  In  birth  and  beauty,  in  her  husband  also 
and  children,  she  was  abundantly  favoured  by  for- 
tune ;    well  read  in  the   literature   of  Greece    and 

43 


SALLUST 

docta,  psallere  et^  saltare  elegantius,  quam  necesse 
est  probae,   multa    alia,  quae    instrumenta    luxuriae 

3  sunt.  Sed  ei  cariora  semper  omnia  quam  decus  atque 
pudicitia  fuit ;  pecuniae  an  famae  minus  parceret^ 
baud    facile    discerneres ;    lubido  ^   sic    accensa,    ut 

4  saepius  peteret  viros  quam  peteretur.  Sed  ea  saepe 
antebac  fidem  prodiderat,  creditum  abiuraverat^ 
caedis  conscia  fuerat,  luxuria  atque  inopia  praeceps 

5  abierat.  Verum  ingenium  eius  baud  absurdum ; 
posse  versus  facere,  iocum  movere,  sermone  uti  vel 
modesto  vel  molli  vel  procaci ;  prorsus  multae 
facetiae  multusque  lepos  inerat. 

XXVI.  His  rebus  comparatis  Catilina  nibilo  minus 
in  proxumum  annum  consulatum  petebat,  sperans^ 
si  designatus  foret^  facile  se  ex  voluntate  Antonio 
usurum.     Neque  interea  quietus  erat,  sed  omnibus 

2  modis  insidias  parabat  Ciceroni.      Neque  illi  tamen 

3  ad  cavendum  dolus  aut  astutiae  deerant.  Namque 
a  principio  consulatus  sui  multa  pollicendo  per 
Fulviam  effecerat  ut  Q.  Curius,  de  quo  paulo   ante 

4  memoravi^  consilia  Catilinae  sibi  proderet.  Ad  hoc 
collegam  suum  Antonium  pactione  provinciae    per- 

^  Some  good  mss.  omit. 

^  Some  f/ood  inss.  hare  libidine. 

^  See  chap.  xxiv.  2. 
^  In  spite  of  his  revolutionary  designs. 
'  62  B.C.         *  See  chap,  xxiii.  3.         ^  Chap,  xxiii. 
^  The  Sempronian  law   of  (iaius  Gracchus  provided  that 
two  provinces  should  be  assigned  to  the  consuls  in  advance 

44 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xxv.  2-xxvi.  4 

Rome,  able  to  play  the  lyre  and  dance  more  skil- 
fully than  an  honest  woman  need,  and  having  many 
other  accomplishments  which  minister  to  voluptuous- 
ness. But  there  was  nothing  which  she  held  so 
cheap  as  modesty  and  chastity ;  you  could  not  easily 
say  whether  she  was  less  sparing  of  her  money  or 
her  honour ;  her  desires  were  so  ardent  that  she 
sought  men  more  often  than  she  was  sought  by 
them.  Even  before  the  time  of  the  conspiracy  she 
had  often  broken  her  word,  repudiated  her  debts, 
been  privy  to  murder  ;  poverty  and  extravagance 
combined  had  driven  her  headlong.  Nevertheless, 
she  was  a  woman  of  no  mean  endowments ;  she 
could  write  verses,  bandy  jests,  and  use  language 
which  was  modest,  or  tender,  or  wanton ;  in  fine, 
she  possessed  a  high  degree  of  wit  and  of  charm. 

XXVI.  After  making  these  preparations  ^  Catiline 
nevertheless  ^  became  a  candidate  for  the  consulship 
of  the  following  year,^  hoping  that  if  he  should 
be  elected  he  could  easily  do  whatever  he  wished- 
with  Antonius.  In  the  meantime  he  was  not 
idle,  but  kept  laying  plots  of  all  kinds  against 
Cicero,  who,  however,  did  not  lack  the  craft  and 
address  to  escape  them.  For  immediately  after 
the  beginning  of  his  consulate,  by  dint  of  many 
promises  made  through  Fulvia,^  Cicero  had  in- 
duced Quintus  Curius,  the  man  whom  I  mentioned 
a  little  while  ago,'^  to  reveal  Catiline's  designs  to 
him.  Furthermore,  he  had  persuaded  his  colleague 
Antonius,  by  agreeing  to  make  over  his  province  ^  to 

of  the  elections,  which  were  later  apportioned  by  agreement 
or  by  lot.  Cicero  offered  Antonius  the  rich  province  of 
Macedonia,  in  place  of  Oaul,  which  the  fortune  of  the  lot  had 
given  him. 

45 


SALLUST 

pulerat  ne  contra  rem  publicam  sentiret ;  circum  se 
praesidia  amicorum  atque  clientium  occulte  habebat. 
5  Postquam  dies  comitiorum  venit  et  Catilinae  neque 
petitio  neque  insidiae  quas  consulibus  ^  in  campo 
fecerat  prospere  cessere,  constituit  bellum  facere  et 
extrema  omnia  experiri,  quoniam  quae  occulte  temp- 
taverat  aspera  foedaque  evenerant.  XXVII.  Igitur 
C.  Manlium  Faesulas  atque  in  eam^  partem  Etruriae, 
Septimium  quendam  Camertem  in  agrum  Picenum^ 
C.   lulium  in  Apuliam  dimisit,  praeterea  alium  alio^ 

2  quem  ubique  opportunum  sibi  fore  credebat.  In- 
terea  Romae  multa  simul  moliri :  consulibus  ^  insidias 
tendere^  parare  incendia,  opportuna  loca  armatis 
hominibus  obsidere,  ipse  cum  telo  esse^  item  alios 
iubere,  hortari  uti  semper  intenti  paratique  essent ; 
dies   noctisque    festinare,  vigilare,  neque    insomniis 

3  neque  labore  fatigari.  Postremo  ubi  multa  agitanti 
nihil  procedit,  rursus  intempesta  nocte  coniurationis 
principes  convocat  per  M.  Porcium  Laecam,  ibique 

4  multa  de  ignavia  eorum  questus^  docet  se  Manlium 
praemisisse  ad  eam  multitudinem  quam  ad  capiunda 
arma  paraverat,  item  alios  in  alia  loca  opportuna, 
qui  initium  belli  facerent,  seque  ad  exercitum 
proficisci  cupere,  si  prius  Ciceronem  oppressisset ; 
eum  suis  consiliis  multum  officere. 

XXVIII.   Igitur  perterritis  ac  dubitantibus  ceteris, 
C.  Cornelius  eques  Romanus  operam  suam  pollicitus 

^  Soine  (jood  mss.  have  consuli  ;  Dictscli  omitted. 
'^  Omitted  by  Dietsch  and  some  later  editors. 
46 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xxvi.  4-xxviii.  i 

him,  not  to  entertain  schemes  hostile  to  the  public 
weal,  and  he  also  had  surrounded  himself  secretly 
with  a  bodyguard  of  friends  and  dependents. 

When  the  day  of  the  elections  came  and  neither 
Catiline's  suit  nor  the  plots  which  he  had  made 
against  the  consuls  in  the  Campus  Martins  were 
successful,  he  resolved  to  take  the  field  and  dare  the 
uttermost,  since  his  covert  attempts  had  resulted  in 
disappointment  and  disgrace.  XXVII.  He  there- 
fore dispatched  Gaius  Manlius  to  Faesulae  and 
the  adjacent  part  of  Etruria,  a  certain  Septimius 
of  Camerinum  to  the  Picene  district,  and  Gaius 
Julius  to  Apulia  ;  others  too  to  other  places,  where- 
ever  he  thought  that  each  would  be  serviceable  to 
his  project.  Meanwhile  he  himself  was  busy  at 
Rome  with  many  attempts  at  once,  laying  traps  for 
the  consul,  planning  fires,  posting  armed  men 
in  commanding  places.  He  went  armed  himself, 
bade  others  do  the  same,  conjured  them  to  be 
always  alert  and  ready,  kept  on  the  move  night  and 
day,  took  no  rest  yet  succumbed  neither  to  wakeful- 
ness nor  fatigue.  Finally,  when  his  manifold 
attempts  met  with  no  success,  again  in  the  dead 
of  night  he  summoned  the  ringleaders  of  the  con- 
spiracy to  the  house  of  Marcus  Porcius  Laeca. 
There,  after  reproaching  them  bitterly  for  their 
inaction,  he  stated  that  he  had  sent  Manlius  on 
ahead  to  the  force  which  he  had  prepared  for  war, 
and  also  other  men  to  other  important  points  to 
commence  hostilities,  explaining  that  he  himself  was 
eager  to  go  to  the  front  if  he  could  first  make  away 
with  Cicero,  who  was  a  serious  obstacle  to  his  plans. 

XXVIII.  Upon  this  the  rest  were  terrified  and 
hesitated ;  but    Gaius    Cornelius,    a    Roman   knight, 

47 


SALLUST 

et  cum  eo  L.  Vargunteius  senator  constituere  ea 
iiocte  paulo  post  cum  armatis  hominibus  sicuti 
salutatum  introire    ad    Ciceronem    ac    de   improviso 

2  domi  suae  imparatum  confodere.  Curius  ubi  in- 
tellegit  quantum  periculum  consuli  impendeat, 
propere  per  Fulviam  Ciceroni  dolum  qui  parabatur 

3  enuntiat.  Ita  illi  ianua  prohibiti  tantum  facinus 
frustra  susceperant. 

4  Interea  Manlius  in  Etruria  plebem  sollicitare, 
egestate  simul  ac  dolore  iniuriae  novarum  rerum 
cupidam_,  quod  Sullae  dominatione  agros  bonaque 
omnia  amiserat^  praeterea  latrones  cuiusque  generis, 
quorum  in  ea  regione  magna  copia  erat,  non  nullos 
ex  Sullanis  coloniis,  quibus  lubido  atque  luxuria 
ex  magnis  rapinis  nihil  reliqui  fecerat. 

XXIX.  Ea  cum  Ciceroni  nuntiarentur,  ancipiti 
malo  permotus,  quod  neque  urbem  ab  insidiis  private 
consilio  longius  tueri  poterat,  neque  exercitus 
Manli  quantus  aut  quo  consilio  foret  satis  compertum 
habebat_,  rem  ad  senatum  refert,  iam  antea  volgi 
2  rumoribus  exagitatam.^  Itaque,  quod  plerumque 
in  atroci  negotio  solet,  senatus  decrevit  darent 
operam    consules    ne    quid    res    publica    detrimenti 

^  exagitatam,  mss. ;  exagitatum,  Cortius  and  others. 


1  The  salutalio,  or  ceremonial  call,  paid  to  distinguished 
men  by  clients  and  friends,  took  place  soon  after  sunrise. 
The  meeting  of  the  conspirators  must  liave  been  prolonged 
to  the  small  hours. 

48 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xxvm.  i-xxix.  2 

offered  his  services  and  was  joined  by  Lucius  Var- 
gunteius,  a  senator.  These  two  men  determined 
that  very  night,  a  little  Riter,  to  get  access  to  Cicero, 
accompanied  by  a  band  of  armed  men,  as  if  for  a 
ceremonial  call  ^  and  taking  him  by  surprise  to 
murder  the  defenceless  consul  in  his  own  house. 
W^hen  Curius  learned  of  the  great  danger  which 
threatened  the  consul,  he  hastened  to  report  to 
Cicero  through  Fulvia  the  trap  which  was  being  set 
for  him.  Hence  the  would-be  assassins  were  refused 
admission  and  proved  to  have  undertaken  this 
awful   crime   to  no  purpose. 

Meanwhile  Manlius  in  Etruria  was  working  upon 
the  populace,  who  were  already  ripe  for  revolution 
because  of  penury  and  resentment  at  their  wrongs  ; 
for  during  Sulla's  supremacy  they  had  lost  their  lands 
and  all  their  property.  He  also  approached  brigands 
of  various  nationalities,  who  were  numerous  in  that 
part  of  the  country,  and  some  members  of  Sulla's 
colonies  who  had  been  stripped  by  prodigal  and 
luxurious  living  of  the  last  of  their  great  booty. 

XXIX.  When  these  events  were  reported  to 
Cicero,  he  was  greatly  disturbed  by  the  twofold 
peril,  since  he  could  no  longer  by  his  unaided  efforts 
protect  the  city  against  these  plots,  nor  gain  any 
exact  information  as  to  the  size  and  purpose  of 
Manlius' s  army ;  he  therefore  formally  called  the 
attention  of  the  senate  to  the  -matter,  which  had 
already  been  the  subject  of  popular  gossip.^  There- 
upon, as  is  often  done  in  a  dangerous  emergency,  the 
senate  voted  "that  the    consuls    should   take  heed 

'  This  was  on  Oct.  20.  Sallust  differs  from  Cicero  in 
placing  the  consular  elections  before  Cicero's  announcement 
to  the  senate  (see  chap,  xxvi.),  whereas  they  did  not  take 
place  until  Oct.  28. 

49 


SALLUST 

3  caperet.  Ea  potestas  per  senatum  more  Romano 
magistratui  maxuma  permittitur,  exercitum  parare, 
bellum  gerere,  coercere  omnibus  modis  socios  atque 
civis,  domi  militiaeque  imperium  atque  indicium 
summum  habere ;  aliter  sine  populi  iussu  nullius 
earum  rerum  consuli  ius  est. 

XXX.  Post  paucos  dies  L.  Saenius  senator  in 
senatu  litteras  recitavit,  quas  Faesulis  adlatas  sibi 
dicebatj  in  quibus  scriptum  erat  C.  Manlium  arma 
cepisse  cum   magna  multitudine  ante  diem  VI  ka- 

2  lendas  Novembris.  Simula  id  quod  in  tali  re  solet^ 
alii  portenta  atque  prodigia  nuntiabant,  alii  con- 
ventus  fieri^  arma  portari.  Capuae  atque  in  Apulia 
servile  bellum  moveri. 

3  Igitur  senati  decreto  Q.  Marcius  Rex  Faesulas, 
Q.    Metellus    Creticus    in    Apuliam    circumque    ea 

4  loca  missi  —  ei  utrique  ad  urbem  imjieratores 
erant,  impediti  ne  triumpharent  calumnia  pau- 
corum,    quibus     omnia     honesta     atque     inhonesta 

5  vendere  mos  erat — sed  praetores  Q.  Pompeius 
Rufus  Capuam^  Q.  Metellus  Celer  in  agrum  Pice- 
num^    eisque    permissum    uti    pro    tempore  atque 

6  periculo  exercitum  compararent.  Ad  hoc,  siquis 
indicavisset     de     coniuratione,    quae     contra     rem 


^  This  decree  seems  not  to  have  been  resorted  to  before 

the   end  of  the  Third  Punic  War  (146  B.C.),  before  which 

time  a  dictator  was  chosen.     The  right  of  the  senate  to  pass 

such  a  decree  was  not  admitted  by  the  popular  party. 

«'»*li      '^  The  former  liad  waged  war  successfully  in  Cilieia,  while 

50 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xxix.  2-xxx.  6 

that  the  commonwealth  suffer  no  harm."  The  power 
which  according  to  Roman  usage  is  thus  conferred 
upon  a  magistrate  by  the  senate  is  supreme,  allowing 
him  to  raise  an  army,  wage  war,  exert  any  kind  of 
compulsion  upon  allies  and  citizens,  and  exercise 
unlimited  command  and  jurisdiction  at  home  and  in 
the  field ;  otherwise  the  consul  has  none  of  these 
privileges  except  by  the  order  of  the  people.  ^ 

XXX.  A  few  days  later,  in  a  meeting  of  the 
senate,  Lucius  Saenius,  one  its  members,  read  a 
letter  which  he  said  had  been  brought  to  him  from 
Faesulae,  stating  that  Gaius  Manlius  had  taken  the 
field  with  a  large  force  on  the  twenty-seventh  day 
of  October.  At  the  same  time,  as  is  usual  in  such 
a  crisis,  omens  and  portents  were  reported  by  some, 
while  others  told  of  the  holding  of  meetings,  of  the 
transportation  of  arms,  and  of  insurrections  of  the 
slaves  at  Capua  and  in  Apulia. 

Thereupon  by  decree  of  the  senate  Quintus 
Marcius  Rex  was  sent  to  Faesulae  and  Quintus  Me- 
tellus  Creticus  to  Apulia  and  its  neighbourhood.  Both 
these  generals  were  at  the  gates  in  command  of 
their  armies,  being  prevented  from  celebrating  a 
triumph  ^  by  the  intrigues  of  a  few  men,  whose  habit 
it  was  to  make  everything,  honourable  and  dis- 
honourable, a  matter  of  barter.  Of  the  praetors, 
Quintus  Pompeius  Rufus  was  sent  to  Capua  and 
Quintus  Metellus  Celer  to  the  Picene  district,  with 
permission  to  raise  an  army  suited  to  the  emergency 
and  the  danger.  The  senate  also  voted  that  if  any- 
one should  give  information  as  to  the  plot  which 
had    been   made   against   the  state,  he  should,  if  a 

the  latter  had  won  his  surname  by  reducing  Crete  to  sub- 
mission. They  could  not  enter  the  city  without  losing  the 
imperium,  without  which  a  triumph  could  not  be  secured. 

51 
E     2 


_  SALLUST 

publicam  facta  erat,  praemium  servo  libertatem  et 
7  sestertia  centum^  libero  impiiiiitatem  eius  rei  et 
sestertia  ducenta^  itenique  decrevere  uti  gladia- 
toriae  familiae  Capuam  et  in  cetera  municipia  dis- 
tribuerentur  pro  cuiusque  opibus_,  Romae  per  totam 
urbem  vigiliae  haberentur^  eisque  minores  ^  magi- 
stratus  praeessent. 

XXXI.  Quibus  rebus  permota  civitas  atque  im- 
mutata  urbis  fades  erat.  Ex  suninia  laetitia  atque 
lascivia,    quae    diuturna    quies    pepererat,    repente 

2  omnis  tristitia  invasit ;  festinare,  trepidare,  neque 
loco  neque  homini  cuiquam  satis  crederC;,  neque 
bellum    gerere    neque    pacem    liabere,  suo    quisque 

3  nietu  pericula  metiri.  Ad  hoc  mulieres,  quibus  rei 
publicae  magnitudine  belli  timor  insolitus  incesserat^ 
adflictare  sese_,  manus  supplices  ad  caelum  tendere^ 
miserari  parvos  liberos,  rogitare,^  omnia  pavere, 
superbia  atque  deliciis  omissis  sibi  patriaeque 
diffidere. 

4  At  Catilinae  crudelis  animus  eadem  ilia  movebat^ 
tametsi    praesidia    parabantur   et   ipse   lege    Plautia 

5  interrogatus  erat  ab  L.  Paulo.  Postremo  dissimu- 
landi  causa  aut  sui  expurgandi,  sicut  iurgio  lacessitus 

^  niaiores,  P.         ~  Eussiier  adds  omnia  after  rogitare. 

^  See  Index  tinder  sestertius. 

2  In  order  to  relieve  Rome  of  the  danger  of  their  presence 
in  the  city. 

^  See  Gellius  15.  13.  4.  The  term  is  used  formally  of  all 
below  the  curnle  magistrates  (see  note  on  chap,  xxiii.  6) ; 
namely,    the    plebeian   aediles,    quaestors,    tribunes   of    the 

52 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xxx.  6-xxxi.  5 

slave,  be  rewarded  with  his  freedom  and  a  hundred 
thousand  sesterces/  and  if  a  free  man,  with  im- 
munity for  complicity  therein,  and  two  hundred 
thousand  sesterces^ ;  further,  that  the  troops  of  gladia- 
tors should  be  quartered  on  Capua  and  the  other 
free  toAvns  according  to  the  resources  of  each  place  ;2 
that  at  Rome  watch  should  be  kept  by  night  in  all 
parts  of  the  city  under  the  direction  of  the  minor 
magistrates.^ 

XXXI.  These  precautions  struck  the  community 
with  terror,  and  the  aspect  of  the  city  was  changed. 
In  place  of  extreme  gaiety  and  frivolity,  the  fruit  of 
long-continued  peace,  there  was  sudden  and  general 
gloom.  Men  were  uneasy  and  apprehensive,  put 
little  confidence  in  any  place  of  security  or  in  any 
human  being,  were  neither  at  war  nor  at  peace,  and 
measured  the  peril  each  by  his  own  fears.  The 
women,  too,  whom  the  greatness  of  our  country  had 
hitherto  shielded  from  the  terrors  of  war,  were  in  a 
pitiful  state  of  anxiety,  raised  suppliant  hands  to 
heaven,  bewailed  the  fate  of  their  little  children, 
asked  continual  questions,  trembled  at  everything, 
and  throwing  aside  haughtiness  and  self-indulgence, 
despaired  of  themselves  and  of  their  country. 

But  Catiline's  pitiless  spirit  persisted  in  the  same 
attempts,  although  defences  were  preparing,  and  he 
himself  had  been  arraigned  by  Lucius  Paulus  under 
the  Plautian  law.^  Finally,  in  order  to  conceal  his 
designs  or  to  clear  himself,  as  though  he  had  merely 
been  the  object  of  some   private   slander,  he  came 

commons,  tresviri  capitales  (Iv.  1),  etc.  Here  it  is  perhaps 
less  inclusive. 

*  Passed  in  89  B.C.  by  M.  Plautius  Silvanus,  tribune  of  the 
commons,  and  directed  against  acts  of  violence  and  breaches 
of  peace. 

53 


SALLUST 

6  foret,  in  senatum  venit.  Turn  M.  Tullius  consul, 
sive  praesentiam  eius  timens  sive  ira  commotus, 
orationem    habuit    luculentam     atque     utilem     rei 

7  publicae,  quam  postea  scriptam  edidit.  Sed  ubi  ille 
adseditj  Catilina,  ut  erat  paratus  ad  dissimiilanda 
omnia,  demisso  voltu,  voce  supplici  postulare  a  ^ 
patribus  coepit  nequid  de  se  temere  crederent ; 
ea  familia  ortum,  ita  se  ab  adulescentia  vitam  in- 
stituisse,  ut  omnia  bona  in  spe  haberet ;  ne  existu- 
marent  sibi,  patricio  homini,  cuius  ipsius  atque 
maiorum  pluruma  beneficia  in  plebem  Romanam 
essent,  perdita  re  publica  opus  esse,  cum  earn 
servaret    M.    Tullius,  inquilinus  civis  urbis    Romae. 

8  Ad    hoc    maledicta    alia   cum    adderet,    obstrepere 

9  omnes,  hostem  atque  parricidam  vocare.  Turn  ille 
furibundus  "  Quoniam  quidem  circumventus,"  inquit, 
^^ab  inimicis  praeceps  agor,  incendium  meum  ruina 
restinguam."  ^ 

XXXII.  Deinde  se  ex  curia  domum  proripuit.  Ibi 
multa  ipse  secum  volvens,  quod  neque  insidiae  con- 
suli  procedebant  et  ab  incendio  intellegebat  urbem 
vigiliis  munitam,  optumum  factu  credens  exercitum 
augere   ac   prius  quam   legiones  scriberentur  multa 

'  omitted  hy  P  and  aome  other  good  mss. 
'-'  restingam,  P. 

^  The  First  Oration  against  Catiline,  delivered  November  8, 
63  R.c. 

•^  This  slur  was  unfair,  for  although  Cicero  was  not  born  in 
Rome,  as  a  native  of  Arpinum  he  possessed  full  citizenship. 

54 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xxxi.  5-xxxii.  i 

into  the  senate.  Then  the  consul  Marcus  TulHus, 
either  fearing  his  presence  or  carried  away  by  indig- 
nation, delivered  a  brilliant  speech  of  great  service 
to  the  state,  which  he  later  wrote  out  and  published. ^ 
When  he  took  his  seat,  Catiline,  prepared  as  he  was 
to  deny  everything,  with  downcast  eyes  and  plead- 
ing accents  began  to  beg  the  Fathers  of  the  Senate 
not  to  believe  any  unfounded  charge  against  him  ; 
he  was  sprung  from  such  a  family,  he  said,  and  had 
so  ordered  his  life  from  youth  up,  that  he  had  none 
save  the  best  of  prospects.  They  must  not  suppose 
that  he,  a  patrician,  who  like  his  forefathers  had 
rendered  great  service  to  the  Roman  people,  would 
be  benefited  by  the  overthrow  of  the  government, 
while  its  saviour  was  Marcus  Tullius,  a  resident  alien  ^ 
in  the  city  of  Rome.  When  he  would  have  added 
other  insults,  he  was  shouted  down  by  the  whole 
body,  who  called  him  traitor  and  assassin.  Then  in 
a  transport  of  fury  he  cried  :  ''  Since  I  am  brought 
to  bay  by  my  enemies  and  driven  desperate,  I  will 
put  out  my^  fire  by  general  devastation." 

XXXI I.  With  this  he  rushed  from  the  senate- 
house  *  and  went  home.  There  after  thinking  long 
upon  the  situation,  since  his  designs  upon  the  consul 
made  no  headway  and  he  perceived  that  the  city 
was  protected  against  fires  by  watchmen,  believing 
it  best  to  increase  the  size  of  his  army  and  secure 
many  of  the  necessities  of  war  before  the  legions  were 

^  That  is,  "the  fire  which  consumes  me";  cf.  Cic.  pro 
Mur.  51,  cum  ille  .  .  .  respondisse.t,  si  quod  esstt  in  suas 
fortunas  incendinm  excitatum-,  id  se  non  aqua,  f<ed  ruina 
restivcturnm.  He  refers  to  the  method  of  checking  great 
fires  by  the  demolition  of  buildings  and  the  like.  Valerius 
Maximus  (9.  11.  3)  has  incendium  ab  ipso  excitatum. 

*  On  this  occasion,  the  temple  of  Concord. 

55 


SALLUST 

aiitecapere_,  quae  bello  usui  forent,  iiocte  intempesta 

2  cum  paucis  in  Manliana  castra  profectus  est.  Sed 
Cethego  atque  Lentulo  ceterisque,  quorum  cogno- 
verat  promptam  audaciam_,  mandat  quibus  rebus 
possent  opes  factionis  confirment,  insidias  consuli 
maturent^  caedem^  incendia^  aliaque  belli  facinora 
parent :  sese  prope  diem  cum  magno  exercitu  ad 
urbem  accessurum. 

3  Dum  haec  Romae  geruntur,  C.  Manlius  ex  suo 
numero  legatos  ad  Marcium  Regem  mittit  cum 
mandatis  huiuscemodi : 

XXXIII.  "Deos  hominesque  testamur,  imperator, 
nos  arma  neque  contra  patriam  cepisse  neque  quo 
periculum  aliis  faceremus,  sed  uti  corpora  nostra 
ab  iniuria  tuta  forent_,  qui  miseri,  egentes  violentia 
atque  crudelitate  faeneratorum  plerique  patriae  ^ 
sed  omnes  fama  atque  fortunis  expertes  sumus. 
Neque  cuiquam  nostrum  licuit  more  maiorum  lege 
uti  neque  amisso  patrimonio  liberum  corpus  habere ; 
tanta    saevitia    faeneratorum     atque    praetoris    fuit. 

2  Saepe  maiores  vostrum,^  miseriti  plebis  Romanae, 
decretis  suis  inopiae  eius  opitulati  sunt,  ac  novissume 
memoria  nostra  propter  magnitudinem  aeris  alieni, 
volentibus    omnibus    bonis,  argentum   acre   solutum 

3  est.  Saepe  ipsa  plebes,  aut  dominandi  studio 
permota  aut  ^uperbia  magistratuum  armata,  a  patri- 

^  patria,  V  and  some  good  mss.;  patriae  sedis,  Eussner. 
2  See  Gelliu.s  20.  6.  14 ;  vestri,  V  and  P  in  margin  by  second 
hand  ;  iiostri,  P  and  other  good  codices. 


^  By  the  Valeriaa  law  of  86  Ji.c;  cf.  Velleius  Paterculus 
2,  2.S,  2,  who  calls  it  a  most  shameful  law  {lex  turpissima). 

^  Since  the  patricians  allowed  the  plebeians  no  political 
rights,  the  latter  withdrew  from  the  city  and  threatened  to 

56 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xxxir.  i-xxxiii.  3 

enrolled,  he  left  for  the  camp  of  Manlius  with  a  few 
followers  in  the  dead  of  night.  However,  he  in- 
structed Cethegus,  Lentulus,  and  the  others  whose 
reckless  daring  he  knew  to  be  ready  for  anything, 
to  add  to  the  strength  of  their  cabal  by  whatever 
means  they  could,  to  bring  the  plots  against  the 
consul  to  a  head,  to  make  ready  murder,  arson,  and 
the  other  horrors  of  war;  as  for  himself,  he  would 
shortly  be  at  the  gates  with  a  large  army. 

While  this  was  going  on  at  Rome,  Gains  Manlius 
sent  a  delegation  from  his  army  to  Marcius  Rex  with 
this  message : 

XXXIII.  "  We  call  gods  and  men  to  witness, 
general,  that  we  have  taken  up  arms,  not  against 
our  fatherland  nor  to  bring  danger  upon  others,  but 
to  protect  our  own  persons  from  outrage  ;  for  we  are 
wretched  and  destitvite,  many  of  us  have  been  driven 
from  our  country  by  the  violence  and  cruelty  of  the 
moneylenders,  while  all  have  lost  repute  and  for- 
tune. None  of  us  has  been  allowed,  in  accordance 
with  the  usage  of  our  forefathers,  to  enjoy  the  pro- 
tection of  the  law  and  retain  our  personal  liberty 
after  being  stripped  of  our  patrimony,  such  was  the 
inhumanity  of  the  moneylenders  and  the  praetor. 
Your  forefathers  often  took  pity  on  the  Roman  com- 
mons and  relieved  their  necessities  by  senatorial 
decrees,  and  not  long  ago,  within  our  own  memory, 
because  of  the  great  amount  of  their  debt,  silver 
was  paid  in  copper  with  the  general  consent  of  the 
nobles.  1  Often  the  commons  themselves,  actuated 
by  a  desire  to  rule  or  incensed  at  the  arrogance  of 
the  magistrates,  have  taken  up  arms  and  seceded  ^ 

form  an  independent  community.  Three  such  "  secessions" 
are  recorded  :  to  the  Mons  Sacer  in  494,  to  the  Aventine  in 
449,  and  to  the  Janiculum  in  287  ^-G- 

'■■       ^  57 


SALLUST 

4  bus  secessit.  At  nos  non  imperium  neque  divitias 
petimus,  quarum  rerum  causa  bella  atque  certamina 
omnia   inter    niortalis    sunt,    sed    libertatem,    quani 

5  nemo  bonus  nisi  cum  anima  simul  amittit.  Te 
atque  senatum  obtestamur,  consulatis  miseris  civi- 
bus,  legis  praesidium,  quod  iniquitas  praetoris 
eripuit,  restituatis,  neve  nobis  eam  necessitudinem 
imponatis,  ut  quaeramus  quonam  modo  maxume  ulti 
sanguinem  nostrum  pereamus." 

XXXIV.  Ad  haec  Q.  Marcius  respondit,  si  quid 
ab  senatu  petere  vellent,  ab  armis  discedant, 
Romam  supplices  proficiscantur ;  ea  mansuetudine 
atque  misericordia  senatum  populi  Romani  semper 
fuisse,  ut  nemo  umquam  ab  eo  frustra  auxilium 
petiverit. 

2  At  Catilina  ex  itinere  plerisque  consularibus, 
praeterea  optumo  cuique  litteras  mittit :  se  falsis 
criminibus  circumventum,  quoniam  factioni  inimi- 
corum  resistere  nequiverit,  fortunae  cedere,  Mas- 
siliam  in  exsilium  proficisci,  non  quo  sibi  tanti 
sceleris  conscius  esset,  sed  uti  res  publica  quieta 
foret    neve    ex    sua    contentione    seditio    oreretur.^ 

3  Ab  his  longe  divorsas  litteras  Q.  Catulus  in  senatu 
recitavit,  quas  sibi  nomine  Catilinae  redditas  dicebat. 
Earum  exemplum  infra  scriptum  est. 

XXXV.  ''h.  Catilina  Q.  Catulo.  Egregia  tua 
fides  re  cognita,  grata  mihi  magnis  in  meis  periculis, 

2  fiduciam  commendationi  meae  tribuit.  Quam  ob 
rem  defensionein  in  novo  consilio  non  statui  parare  ; 

1  P  ;  the  other  good  mss.  have  oriretur. 

^  Catulus  had  defended  Catiline  from  the  charge  relating 
to  Fftbia,  the  vestal  mentioned  in  chap.  xv.  1. 

2  That  is,  in  resorting  to  arms  and  going  to  Manlius  in- 
stead of  Massilia  ;  for  the  force  of  novo  cf,  chap.  li.  8. 

58 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xxxiii.  3-xxxv.  2 

from  the  patricians.  But  we  ask  neither  for  power 
nor  for  riches,  the  usual  causes  of  wars  and  strife 
among  mOrtals,  but  only  for  freedom,  which  no  true 
man  gives  up  except  with  his  life.  We  implore  you 
and  the  senate  to  take  thought  for  your  unhappy 
countrymen,  to  restore  the  bulwark  of  the  law,  of 
which  the  praetor's  injustice  has  deprived  us,  and 
not  to  impose  upon  us  the  necessity  of  asking  our- 
selves how  we  may  sell  our  lives  most  dearly." 

XXXIV.  To  this  address  Quintus  Mucius  made 
answer,  that  if  they  wished  to  ask  anything  of  the 
senate,  they  must  lay  down  their  arms  and  come  to 
Rome  as  suppliants;  that  the  senate  of  the  Roman 
people  had  always  been  so  compassionate  and  merci- 
ful that  no  one  had  ever  asked  it  for  succour  and 
been  refused. 

But  on  the  way  Catiline  sent  letters  to  many  of 
the  consulars  and  to  the  most  prominent  of  the 
other  nobles,  saying  that  since  he  was  beset  by  false 
accusations  and  unable  to  cope  with  the  intrigues 
of  his  personal  enemies,  he  bowed  to  fate  and  was 
on  his  way  to  exile  at  Massilia ;  not  that  he  con- 
fessed to  the  dreadful  crime  with  which  he  was 
charged,  but  in  order  that  his  country  might  be  at 
peace  and  that  no  dissension  might  arise  from  a 
struggle  on  his  part.  A  very  different  letter  was 
read  in  the  senate  by  Quintus  Catulus,  who  said 
that  it  had  been  sent  him  in  Catiline's  name.  The 
following  is  an  exact  copy  of  this  letter : 

XXXV.  "Lucius  Catilina  to  Quintus  Catulus.  Your 
eminent  loyalty,  known  by  experience  ^  and  grateful 
to  me  in  my  extreme  peril,  lends  confidence  to  my 
plea.  I  have  therefore  resolved  to  make  no  de- 
fence   of   my    unusual    conduct ; "    that    I    offer   an 

59 


SALLUST 

satisfactionem    ex    nulla    conscientia    de   culpa  pro- 
ponere    decrevi,    quam     mediusfidius    veram     licet 

3  cognoscas.  Iniuriis  contumeliisque  concitatus,  quod 
fructu  laboris  industriaeque  meae  privatus  statum 
dignitatis  non  optinebam^  publicam  miserorum 
causam  pro  mea  consuetudine  suscepi_,  non  quia  ^ 
aes  alienum  nieis  nominibus  ex  possessionibus 
solvere  non  possem'*^  (et  alienis  nominibus  libera- 
litas  Orestillae  suis  filiaeque  copiis  persolveret) ; 
sed  quod  non  dignos  homines  honore  honestatos 
videbam  meque  falsa  suspicione  alienatum  esse  sen- 

4  tiebani.  Hoc  nomine  satis  honestas  pro  meo  casu 
spes    reliquae  dignitatis  conservandae  sum  secutus. 

5  Plura  cum  scribere  vellem,  nuntiatum  est  vim  mihi 

6  parari.  Nunc  Orestillam  commendo  tuaeque  fidei 
trado.  Eam  ab  iniuria  defendas,  per  liberos  tuos 
rogatus.      Ha  veto." 

XXXVI.  Sed  ipse  paucos  dies  commoratus  apud 
C.  Flaminium  in  agro  Arretino/  dum  vicinitatem 
antea  sollicitatam  armis  exornat^  cum  fascibus  atque 
aliis    imperi    insignibus    in  castra  ad  Manlium  con- 

2  tendit.  Haec  ubi  Romae  comperta  sunt,  senatus 
Catilinam  et  Manlium  hostis  iudicat,  ceterae  multi- 
tudini  diem  statuit  ante  quam  sine  fraude  liceret 
ab  armis  discedere,  praeter  rerum  capitalium   con- 

3  demnatis.     Praeterea  decernit  uti  consules  dilectum 

^  noil  quia,  some  (food  ms.s.;  non  quin,  P,  V  and  other  good 
mss.;  non  qui,  Eussiier. 

2  solvere  non  possem  et,  P,  V  and  other  good  mss.  Those 
loho  read  quin  omit  non  ;  solvere  possem  at,  Jordan. 

^  P  has  reatinio,  and  the  other  good  mss.  with  one  exception 
have  reatino. 

6o 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xxxv.  2-xxxvl  3 

explanation  is  due  to  no  feeling  of  guilt,  and  I  am 
confident  that  you  will  be  able  to  admit  its  justice. 
Maddened  by  wrongs  and  slights,  since  I  had  been 
robbed  of  the  fruits  of  my  toil  and  energy  and  was 
unable  to  attain  to  a  position  of  honour,  I  followed 
my  usual  custom  and  took  up  the  general  cause  of 
the  unfortunate  ;  not  that  I  could  not  pay  my  per- 
sonal debts  from  my  own  estate  (and  the  liberality 
of  Orestitla  sufficed  with  her  own  and  her  daughter's 
resources  to  pay  off  even  the  obligations  incurred 
through  others),  but  because  I  saw  the  unworthy 
elevated  to  honours,  and  realized  that  I  was  an  out- 
cast because  of  baseless  suspicion.  It  is  for  this 
reason  that,  in  order  to  preserve  what  prestige  I  have 
left,  I  have  adopted  measures  which  are  honourable 
enough  considering  my  situation.  When  I  would 
write  moi-e,  word  comes  that  I  am  threatened  with 
violence.  Now  I  commend  Orestilla  to  you  and  en- 
trust her  to  your  loyalty.  Protect  her  from  insult, 
I  beseech  you  in  the  name  of  your  own  children. 
Farewell." 

XXXVI.  Catiline  himself,  after  spending  a  few 
days  with  Gaius  Flaminius  in  the  vicinity  of  Arretium, 
where  he  supplied  arms  to  the  populace,  which  had 
already  been  roused  to  revolt,  hastened  to  join  Man- 
lius  in  his  camp,  taking  with  him  the  fasces  ^  and 
the  other  emblems  of  authority.  As  soon  as  this 
became  known  at  Rome,  the  senate  pronounced 
Catiline  and  Manlius  traitors  and  named  a  day  before 
which  the  rest  of  the  conspirators  might  lay  down 
their  arms  and  escape  punishment,  excepting  those 
under  sentence  for  capital  offences.  It  was  further 
voted  that  the  consuls  should  hold  a  levy  and  that 

^  See  note  on  chap,  xviii.  0. 

61 


SALLUST 

habeant,  Antonius  cum  exercitii  Catilinam  persequi 
maturet,  Cicero  urbi  praesidio  sit. 

4  Ea  tempestate  mihi  imperium  populi  Romani 
multo  maxume  miserabile  visum  est.  Cui  cum  ad 
occasum  ab  ortu  solis  omnia  domita  armis  parerent, 
domi  otium  atque  divitiae,  quae  prima  mortales 
putant,  adfluerent,  fuere  tamen  cives  qui  seque 
remque  publicam  opstinatis   animis  perditum  irent. 

6  Namque  duobus  senati  decretis  ex  tanta  multitu- 
dine  neque  praemio  inductus  coniurationem  j)ate- 
fecerat  neque  ex  castris  Catilinae  quisquam  omnium 
discesserat ;  tanta  vis  morbi  aeque  uti  ^  tabes 
plerosque  civium  animos  invaserat. 

XXXVII.  Neque  solum  illis  aliena  mens  erat  qui 
conscii  coniurationis  fuerant,  sed  omnino  cuncta 
plebes    novarum    rerum     studio    Catilinae    incepta 

2  probabat.      Id    adeo    more    suo    videbatur    facere. 

3  Nam  semper  in  civitate  quibus  opes  nullae  sunt 
bonis  invident,  malos  extoUunt,  vetera  odere,  nova 
exoptant,  odio  suarum  rerum  mutari  omnia  student ; 
turba  atque  seditionibus  sine  cura  aluntur,  quoniam 

4  egestas    facile     habetur    sine    damno.     Sed    urbana 
6  plebes,  ea  vero  praeceps  erat  de  nmltis  causis.     Pri- 

mum  omnium,  qui  ubique  probro  atque  petulantia 
maxume  praestabant,  item  alii  ^  per  dedecora  patri- 
moniis  amissis,  postremo  omnes,  quos  flagitium  aut 

^  aeque  uti,  Miihly  ;  atque  uti,  mss.;  ac  veluti,  Haupt. 
'^  alii  qui,  P  and  some  other  (jood  mss. ;  alii  qui  .  .  .  aleban- 
tur,  Eussner. 

62 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xxxvi.  3-xxxvn.  5 

Antonius  with  an  army  should  at  once  pursue  Catiline, 
while  Cicero  defended  the  capital. 

At  no  other  time  has  the  condition  of  imperial 
Rome,  as  it  seems  to  me,  been  more  pitiable.  The 
whole  world,  from  the  rising  of  the  sun  to  its  setting, 
subdued  by  her  arms,  rendered  obedience  to  her ; 
at  home  there  was  peace  and  an  abundance  of 
wealth,  which  mortal  men  deem  the  chiefest  of 
blessings.  Yet  there  were  citizens  who  from  sheer 
perversity  were  bent  upon  their  own  ruin  and  that  of 
their  country.  For  in  spite  of  the  two  decrees  of 
the  senate  not  one  man  of  all  that  great  number 
was  led  by  the  promised  reward  to  betray  the 
conspiracy,  and  not  a  single  one  deserted  Catiline's 
camp  ;  such  was  the  potency  of  the  malady  which 
like  a  plague  had  infected  the  minds  of  many  of  our 
countrymen. 

XXXVII.  This  insanity  was  not  confined  to  those 
who  were  implicated  in  the  plot,  but  the  whole  body 
of  the  commons  through  desire  for  change  favoured 
the  designs  of  Catiline.  In  this  very  particular  they 
seemed  to  act  as  the  populace  usually  does ;  for  in 
every  community  those  who  have  no  means  envy  the 
good,  exalt  the  base,  hate  what  is  old  and  established, 
long  for  something  new,  and  from  disgust  with  their 
own  lot  desire  a  general  upheaval.  Amid  turmoil 
and  rebellion  they  maintain  themselves  without 
difficulty,  since  poverty  is  easily  provided  for  and 
can  suffer  no  loss.  But  the  city  populace  in-  par- 
ticular acted  with  desperation  for  many  reasons. 
To  begin  with,  all  who  were  especially  conspicuous 
for  their  shamelessness  and  impudence,  those  too 
who  had  squandered  their  patrimony  in  riotous  living, 
finally  all   whom   disgrace    or    crime  had   forced    to 

63 


SALLUST 

faciiius  doino  expulerat,  ei  Romam  sicut  in  sentinain 

6  confluxeraiit.  Deinde  multi  memores  Sullanae 
victoriae^  quod  ex  gregariis  militibus  alios  senatores 
videbaiit,  alios  ita  divites  ut  regio  victu  atque  cultu 
aetatem  agerent,  sibi  quisque^  si  in  armis  foret,  ex 

7  victoria  talia  sperabat.  Praeterea  iuventus^  quae 
in  agris  manuum  niercede  inopiam  toleraverat, 
privatis  atque  publicis  largitionibus  excita  urbanum 
otium  ingrato    labori    praetulerat.     Eos  atque  alios 

8  omnis  malum  publicum  alebat.  Quo  minus  miran- 
dum   est   homines   egentis,  malis  moribus,  maxuma 

9  spe^  rei  publicae  iuxta  ac  sibi  consuluisse.  Prae- 
terea, quorum  victoria  Sullae  parentes  proscri})ti 
bona    erepta_,  ius    libertatis    imminutum    erat,  baud 

10  sane  alio  animo  belli  eventum  exspectabant.  Ad 
hoc,  quicumque  aliarum  atque  senatus  partium 
erant  conturbari   rem  publicam  quam  minus  valere 

11  ipsi  malebant.  Id  adeo  malum  multos  post  annos 
in  civitatem  revorterat. 

XXXVIII.  Nam  postquam  Cn.  Pompeio  et  M. 
Crasso  consulibus  tribunicia  potestas  restituta  est, 
homines  adulescentes,  summam  potestatem  nacti, 
quibus  aetas  animusque  ferox  erat,  coepere  senatum 
criminando  plebem  exagitare,  dein  largiundo  atque 
pollicitando  magis  incendere,  ita  ipsi  clari  poten- 
2  tesque  fieri.  Contra  eos  summa  ope  nitebatur  plera- 
que  nobilitas  senatus  specie   pro    sua    magnitudine 

^  The  actual  time  was  eleven  years,  from  the  curtailment 
of  the  rights  of  the  tribunes  by  Sulla  in  81  B.C.  to  their 
restoration  by  Pompey  in  70.  -  70  B.C. 

64 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xxxvii.  5-xxxviii.  2 

leave  home,  had  all  flowed  into  Rome  as  into  a 
cesspool.  Many,  too,  who  recalled  Sulla's  victory, 
when  they  saw  common  soldiers  risen  to  the  rank 
of  senator,  and  others  become  so  rich  that  they 
feasted  and  lived  like  kings,  hoped  each  for  him- 
self for  like  fruits  of  victory,  if  he  took  the  field. 
Besides  this,  the  young  men  who  had  maintained  a 
wretched  existence  by  manual  labour  in  the  country, 
tempted  by  public  and  private  doles  had  come  to 
prefer  idleness  in  the  city  to  their  hateful  toil ;  these, 
like  all  the  others,  battened  on  the  public  ills. 
Therefore  it  is  not  surprising  that  men  who  were 
beggars  and  without  character,  with  illimitable  hopes, 
should  respect  their  country  as  little  as  they  did 
themselves.  Moreover,  those  to  whom  Sulla's  victory 
had  meant  the  proscription  of  their  parents,  loss  of 
property,  and  curtailment  of  their  rights,  looked  for- 
ward in  a  similar  spirit  to  the  issue  of  a  war.  Finally, 
all  who  belonged  to  another  party  than  that  of  the 
senate  preferred  to  see  the  government  overthrown 
rather  than  be  out  of  power  themselves.  Such,  then, 
was  the  evil  which  after  many  years  ^  had  returned 
upon  the  state. 

XXXVI II.  For  after  the  tribunician  power  had 
been  restored  in  the  consulship  of  Gnaeus  Pompeius 
and  MarCus  Crassus,^  various  young  men,  whose  age 
and  disposition  made  them  aggressive,  attained  that 
high  authority  ;  they  thereupon  began  to  excite  the 
commons  by  attacks  upon  the  senate  and  then 
to  inflame  their  passions  still  more  by  doles  and 
promises,  thus  making  themselves  conspicuous  and 
influential.  Against  these  men  the  greater  part  of 
the  nobles  strove  with  might  and  main,  ostensibly 
in    behalf  of  the    senate    but    really   for  their  own 

65 


SALLUST 

3  Namqiie,  uti  paucis  verum  absolvam,  post  ilia  tem- 
pora  quicumque  rem  publicam  agitavere  honestis 
nominibus,  alii  sicuti  populi  iura  defenderent,  pars 
quo  senatus  auctoritas  maximia  foret,  bonum  pub- 
licum simulantes  pro  sua  quisque  potentia  certabant. 

4  Neque  illis  modestia  neque  modus  contentionis  erat ; 
utrique  victoriam  crudeliter  exercebant. 

XXXIX.  Sed  postquam  Cn.   Pompeius  ad  bellum 
maritumum  atque  Mithridaticum  missus  est,  plebis 

2  opes  imminutae,  paucorum  potentia  crevit.  Ei 
magistratus,  provincias,  aliaque  omnia  tenere,  ipsi 
innoxii,  florentes,  sine  metu  aetatem  agere  ceteros- 
que    iudiciis    terrere,    quo     plebem    in    magistratu 

3  placidius  traetarent.  Sed  ubi  primum  dubiis  rebus 
novandi  ^   s})es    oblata    est,    vetus    certamen    animos 

4  eorum  arrexit.  Quod  si  primo  proelio  Catilina 
superior  aut  aequa  manu  discessisset,  profecto  magna 
clades  atque  calamitas  rem  publicam  oppressisset ; 
neque  illis  qui  victoriam  adepti  forent  diutius  ea 
uti  licuisset,  quin  defessis  et  exsanguibus  qui  plus 
posset     imperium    'atque     libertatem     extorqueret. 

5  Fuere    tamen    extra    coniurationem    complures    qui 

^  novandi,  Grider  ;  novandis,  msn. 

^  Text  and  meaning  are  veiy  luicertain.  Cettros  seems  to 
refer  to  the  other  nobles  with  less  political  influence. 
Having  silenced  tliese  by  threats  of  prosecution,  the  dominant 
faction  could  assume  a  more  conciliatory  attitude  towards 
the  people, 

66 


I 

THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xxxviii.  3-xxxix.  5 

aggrandizement.  For,  to  tell  the  truth  in  a  few 
words,  all  who  after  that  time  assailed  the  govern- 
ment used  specious  pretexts,  some  maintaining  that 
they  were  defending  the  rights  of  the  commons, 
others  that  they  were  upholding  the  prestige  of  the 
senate ;  but  under  pretence  of  the  public  welfare 
each  in  reality  was  working  for  his  own  advance- 
ment. Such  men  showed  neither  self-restraint  nor 
moderation  in  their  strife,  and  both  parties  used 
their  victory  ruthlessly. 

XXXIX.  Wlien,  however,  Gnaeus  Pompeius  had 
been  dispatched  to  wage  war  against  the  pirates  and 
against  Mithridates,  the  power  of  the  commons  was 
lessened,  while  that  of  the  few  increased.  These 
possessed  the  magistracies,  the  provinces  and  every- 
thing else  ;  being  themselves  rich  and  secure  against 
attack,  they  lived  without  fear  and  by  resort  to  the 
courts  terrified  the  others,  in  order  that  while  they 
themselves  were  in  office  they  might  manage  the 
people  with  less  friction. ^  But  as  soon  as  the  politi- 
cal situation  became  doubtful,  and  offered  hope  of  a 
revolution,  then  the  old  controversy  aroused  their 
passions  anew.  If  Catiline  had  been  victor  in  the  first 
battle,  or  had  merely  held  his  own,  beyond  a  doubt 
great  bloodshed  and  disaster  would  have  fallen  upon 
the  state  ;  nor  would  the  victors  have  been  allowed 
for  long  to  enjoy  their  success,  but  when  they  had 
been  worn  out  and  exhausted,  a  more  powerful  ad- 
versary 2  would  have  wrested  from  them  the  supreme 
power  and  with  it  their  freedom.  Yet  even  as  it  was, 
there  were  many  outside  the  ranks  of  the  conspiracy 

2  Such  a  man  as  Crassus  (see  chap,  xvii.  7)  or  Caesar,  who, 
without  taking  part  in  the  conspiracy,  might  have  profited 
by  a  general  disturbance, 

67 

F    2 


SALLUST 

ad  Catilinam  initio  profecti  sunt.  In  els  erat 
Fulvius  senatoris  filius,  quern  retractum  ex  itinere 
parens  necari  iussit 
6  Isdem  temporibus  Romae  Lentulus,  sicuti  Cati- 
lina  praeceperat^  quoscumque  moribus  aut  fortuna 
novis  rebus  idoneos  credebat  aut  per  se  aut  per 
alios  sollicitabat,  neque  solum  civis,  sed  cuiusque 
modi  genus  hominum,  quod  modo  bello  usui  foret. 
XL.  Igitur  P.  Umbreno  cuidam  negotium  dat 
uti  legates  Allobrogum  requirat  eosque,  si  possit_, 
impellat  ad  societatem  belli^  existumans  publice 
privatimque  aere  alieno  oppresses,  praeterea  quod 
natura  gens  Gallica  bellicosa  esset,  facile  eos  ad  tale 

2  consilium  adduci  posse.  Umbrenus,  quod  in  Gallia 
negotiatus  erat,  plerisque  principibus  civitatium 
notus  erat  atque  eos  noverat ;  itaque  sine  mora,  ubi 
primum  legatos  in  foro  conspexit,  percontatus  pauca 
de  statu  civitatis  et  quasi  dolens  eius  casum,  re- 
quirere  coepit  quem  exitum  tantis  malis  sperarent, 

3  Postquam  illos  videt  queri  de  avaritia  magistratuum, 
accusare  senatum  quod  in  eo  auxili  nihil  esset, 
miseriis  suis  remedium  mortem  expectare,  ^^  At  ego," 
inquit,  "  vobis,  si  modo  viri  esse  voltis,  rationem 
ostendam  qua  tanta  ista  mala  effiigiatis." 


^  The  negotiatorea  were  engaged  in  money-lending,  tax- 
collecting,  and  public  contracts  of  various  kinds,  cf.  Cic. 
Font.  11  :  re/erta  Gallia  neijotiatorum  est,  plena  civimn 
Romanorum ;    ne^no  Oallorum   sine   cive   Romano   quidquam 

68 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xxxix.  5-xL.  3 

who,  when  hostilities  began,  went  to  join  Catiline. 
Among  them  was  Fulvius,  a  senator's  son,  who  was 
brought  back  and  put  to  death  by  order  of  his 
father. 

All  this  time  at  Rome  Lentulus,  following  Catiline's 
directions,  was  working,  personally  or  through  others, 
upon  those  whom  he  thought  ripe  for  revolution 
by  disposition  or  fortune- — and  not  merely  citizens, 
but  all  sorts  and  conditions  of  men,  provided  only 
that  they  could  be  of  any  service  in  war. 

XL.  Accordingly,  he  instructed  one  Publius 
Umbrenus  to  seek  out  the  envoys  of  the  Allobroges, 
and,  if  possible,  entice  them  to  an  offensive  alliance, 
thinking  that  they  could  readily  be  persuaded  to 
such  a  course,  since  they  were  burdened  with 
public  and  private  debt ;  and  besides  the  Gallic 
people  is  by  nature  prone  to  war.  Umbrenus  had 
carried  on  business  with  the  Gauls  ^  and  was  per- 
sonally acquainted  with  many  of  the  leading  men  of 
their  states  ;  therefore  as  soon  as  he  caught  sight  of 
the  envoys  in  the  Forum^  he  at  once  asked  them  a 
few  questions  about  the  condition  of  their  country^ 
and  pretending  grief  at  its  lot,  began  to  inquire  what 
remedy  they  hoped  to  find  for  such  great  troubles. 
On  learning  that  they  had  complaints  to  make  of 
the  avarice  of  the  magistrates,  that  they  reproached 
the  senate  because  it  rendered  no  aid,  and  looked 
for  death  as  the  only  remedy  for  their  wretchedness, 
he  said :  '^'  Why,  I  myself,  if  only  you  will  show 
yourselves  men,  will  disclose  a  plan  which  will  enable 
you  to  escape  the  great  evils  from  which  you  are 
suffering." 

negof.ii  qerit ;  nwnmus  in  Gallia  mdlus  sine  civium  Romanorum 
tabulis  commoveiur. 

69 


SALLUST 

* 

4  Haec  ubi  dixit^  Allobroges  in  maxumam  spem  ad- 
ducti  Umbrenuni  orare  ut  sui  misereretiir  :  nihil  tarn 
asperum  neque  tarn  difficile  esse,  quod  non  cupidis- 
sume  facturi  essent,  dum  ea  res  civitatem  aere  alieno 

5  liberaret.  Ille  eos  in  domum  D.  Bruti  perducit, 
quod  foro  propinqua  erat  neque  aliena  consili  propter 
Semproniam  ;     nam    turn  Brutus  ab   Roma  ^  aberat. 

6  Praeterea  Gabinium  arcessit,  quo  maior  auctoritas 
sermoni  inesset.  Eo  praesente  coniiirationem  aperit, 
nominat  socios,  praeterea  multos  cuiusque  generis 
innoxios,  quo  legatis  animus  amplior  esset.  Deinde 
eos  pollicitos  operam  suam  domum  dimittit. 

XLI.   Sed  Allobroges  diu  in  incerto  habuere  quid- 

2  nam  consili  caperent.  In  altera  parte  erat  aes 
alienum,  studium  belli,  magna  merces  in  spe  vic- 
toriae,  at  in  altera  maiores    opes,  tuta  consilia,  pro 

3  incerta  spe  certa  praemia.      Haec  illis   volventibus, 

4  tandem  vicit  fortuna  rei  publicae.  Itaque  Q.  Fabio 
Sangae  cuius  patrocinio  civitas  plurumum  utebatur, 

6  rem  oranem  uti  cognoverant  aperiunt.  Cicero,  per 
Sangam  consilio  cognito,  legatis  praecepit  ^  ut  stu- 
dium coniurationis  vehementer  simulent,  ceteros 
adeant,  bene  polliceantur,  dentque  operam  uti  eos 
quam  maxume  manifestos  habeant. 

^  Romae,  P  ;  several  good  mss.  have  Roma,  without  ab, 
ivhich  til  one  case  is  superscribed.  ^  praecipit,  Linker. 

^  That  is,  he  looked  after  their  interests  in  Rome.  Sanga 
had  inherited  this  duty  from  his  father,  Quintus  Fabius 
Maximus,  who  had  won  the  surname  Allobrogicus  by  reducing 
that  people  to  submission, 

70 


THE  WAR  WITH   CATILINE,  xu  4-xLi.  5 

When  Umbrenus  had  said  this,  the  Allobroges 
were  filled  with  the  greatest  hope  and  begged  him 
to  take  pity  on  them.  They  declared  that  nothing 
was  so  dangerous  or  difficult  that  they  would  not 
joyfully  undertake  it,  provided  it  would  relieve  their 
country  of  debt.  Thereupon  he  took  them  to  the 
house  of  Decimus  Brutus,  which  was  not  far  from 
the  Forum  and  not  unsuitable  for  their  plot 
because  of  the  presence  of  Sempronia  ;  Brutus,  as  it 
happened,  was  away  from  Rome  at  the  time.  He 
also  sent  for  Gabinius,  that  what  he  was  to  say  might 
have  greater  weight.  When  he  arrived,  Umbrenus 
disclosed  the  plot,  named  the  participants,  and,  to 
give  the  envoys  greater  courage,  included  many 
guiltless  men  of  all  classes ;  then,  after  promising 
his  assistance,  he  sent  them  home. 

XLI.  The  Allobroges  for  a  long  time  were  in 
doubt  what  course  to  pursue.  On  the  one  hand  was 
their  debt,  their  love  of  war,  and  the  hope  of  great 
booty  in  the  event  of  victory ;  but  on  the  other 
were  the  senate's  greater  resources,  a  course  free 
from  danger,  and  sure  rewards  in  place  of  uncertain 
hopes.  All  these  considerations  they  weighed,  but 
in  the  end  the  fortune  of  the  republic  turned  the 
scale.  They  accordingly  divulged  the  whole  affair, 
just  as  it  had  come  to  their  ears,  to  Quintus  Fabius 
Sanga,  their  nation's  principal  patron. ^  Cicero,  on 
being  informed  of  the  plan  '^  through  Sanga,  in- 
structed the  envoys  to  feign  a  strong  interest  in  the 
conspiracy,  approach  the  other  members  of  it,^  make 
liberal  promises,  and  use  every  effort  to  show  the 
guilt  of  the  conspirators  as  clearly  as  possible. 

"^  Namely,  the  conspirators'  plan  of  enlisting  the  aid  of  the 
Allobroges.     He  already  knew  of  the  conspiracy. 
'  Other  than  Umbrenus  and  Gabinius. 

71 


SALLUST 

XLII.   Isdem  fere  temporibus  in    Gallia  citeriore 
atque  ulteriore^  item  in  agro  Piceno,  Bruttio,  Apulia 

2  niotus  erat.  Namque  illi^  quos  ante  Catilina 
dimiserat,  inconsulte  ac  veluti  per  dementiam  cuncta 
simul  agebant.  Nocturnis  consiliis,  armorum  atque 
telorum    portationibus,    festinando,    agitando    omnia 

3  plus  timoris  quam  periculi  effecerant.  Ex  eo 
numero  compluris  Q.  Metellus  Celer  praetor  ex 
senatus  eonsulto^  causa  cognita,  in  vincula  conie- 
cerat ;  item  in  citeriore  ^  Gallia  C.  Murena^  qui  ei 
provinciae  legatus  praeerat. 

XLIII.  At  Romae  Lentulus  cum  ceteris  qui  prin- 

cipes  coniurationis  erant,  paratis  ut  videbatur  magnis 

copiis^    constituerant    uti,    cum     Catilina    in    agrum 

Faesulanum    cum   exercitu  venisset,    L.    Bestia   tri- 

bunus  plebis  contione  habita  quereretur  de  actioni- 

bus  Ciceronis  bellique  gravissumi  invidiam  optumo 

consuli  imponeret ;    eo  signo  proxuma  nocte  cetera 

multitudo    coniurationis    suum     quisque^    negotium 

2  exsequeretur.     Sed  ea  divisa  hoc  modo  dicebantur : 

Statilius  et  Gabinius  uti  cum  magna  manu  duodecim 

simul  opportuna  loca  urbis  incenderent,  quo  tumultu 

facilior    aditus    ad    consulem    ceterosque  quibus   in- 

sidiae  parabantur  fieret ;  Cethegus  Ciceronis  ianuam 

^  ulteriore,    Cortius ;     [in    citeriore]    sic,    Gudeman ;    for 
[citeriore]? 

^  P  and  some  othir  <jood  mss.  have  quaeque. 

72 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xlii.  i-xliii.  2 

XLII.  At  about  this  same  time  there  were  disturb- 
ances in  both  Hither  and  Farther  Gaul,  as  well  as  in 
the  Picene  and  Bruttian  districts  and  in  Apulia ;  for 
those  whom  Catiline  had  sent  on  ahead  were  doing 
everything  at  once,  acting  imprudently  and  almost 
insanely.  By  their  meetings  at  night,  by  their  trans- 
portation of  arms  and  weapons,  and  by  their  bustle 
and  general  activity  they  caused  more  apprehension 
than  actual  danger.  The  praetor  Quintus  Metellus 
Celer  had  brought  several  of  their  number  to  trial 
by  virtue  of  a  decree  of  the  senate,  and  had  thrown 
them  into  prison ;  and  in  Hither  Gaul  ^  his  example 
was  followed  by  Gaius  Murena,  who  was  governing 
that  province  as  a  deputy,  o 

XLIII.  At  Rome  Lentulus  and  the  other  leaders 
of  the  conspiracy,  having  got  together  a  great  force 
as  it  appeared  to  them,  had  arranged  that  when 
Catiline  arrived  in  the  region  of  Faesulae  with  his 
army,  Lucius  Bestia,  tribune  of  the  commons,  should 
convoke  an  assembly  and  denounce  the  conduct  ot 
Cicero,  throwing  upon  that  best  of  consuls  the  odium 
of  a  dangerous  war.  That  was  to  be  the  signal  for 
the  rest  of  the  band  of  conspirators  to  carry  out 
their  several  enterprises  on  the  following  night. 
Now  it  is  said  that  the  parts  assigned  to  them  were 
the  following :  Statilius  and  Gabinius,  with  many 
followers,  were  to  kindle  fires  at  twelve  important 
points  in  the  city  all  at  the  same  time,  in  order  that 
in  the  ensuing  confusion  access  might  more  easily  be 
had  to  the  consul  and  the  others  against  whom  their 
plots  were  directed.     Cethegus  was  to  beset  Cicero's 

^  That  Murena  was  in  charge  of  (jtallia  Ulterior  is  clear 
from  Cic.  Mur.  41.  Whether  8allust  is  in  error,  or  the 
inanuscripts,  cannot  be  determined. 

73 


SALLUST 

obsideret  eumque  vi  aggrederetur,  alius  autem 
alium ;  sed  filii  familiarum,  quorum  ex  nobilitate 
maxuma  pars  erat,  parentis  interficerent ;  simul 
caede  et  incendio  perculsis  omnibus  ad  Catilinam 
erumperent. 

3  Inter  haec  parata  atque  decreta  Cethegus  semper 
querebatur  de  ignavia  sociorum  :  illos  dubitando  et 
dies  prolatando  magnas  opportunitates  corrumpere  ; 
facto,  non  consulto  ^  in  tali  periculo  opus  esse,  seque, 
si  pauci  adiuvarent,  languentibus  aliis,  impetum  in 

4  curiam  facturum.  Natura  ferox,  vehemens,  manu 
promptus  erat;  maxumum  bonum  in  celeritate 
putabat. 

XLIV.  Sed  Allobroges  ex  praecepto  Ciceronis  per 
Gabinium  ceteros  conveniunt.  Ab  Lentulo,  Cethego, 
Statilio,  item  Cassio  postulant  ius  iurandum,  quod 
signatum  ad  civis  perferant ;   aliter  baud  facile  eos 

2  ad  tantum  negotium  impelli  posse.  Ceteri  nihil 
suspicantes  dant,  Cassius  semet  eo  brevi  venturum 
pollicetur,  ac  paulo  ante    legatos    ex   urbe   proficis- 

3  citur.  Lentulus  cum  eis  T.  Volturcium  quendam 
Crotoniensem  mittit,  ut  Allobroges  prius  quam 
domum  pergerent  cum  Catilina  data  atqae  accepta 

4  fide  societatem  confirmarent.  Ipse  Volturcio  lit- 
teras   ad     Catilinam    dat,    quarum    exemplum    infra 

5  scriptum  est  :  "  Quis  sim  ex  eo  quern  ad  te  misi 
cognosces.  Fac  cogites  in  quanta  calamitate  sis, 
et  memineris  te  virum  esse.  Consideres  quid  tuae 
rationes    postulent.       Auxilium    petas    ab    omnibus, 

*  P  and  dome  other  good  mss.  have  consultando. 
74 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATHJNE,  xliii.  2-xliv.  5 

door  and  assault  him^  while  to  others  were  assigned 
other  victims.  The  eldest  sons  of  several  families, 
the  greater  number  of  whom  belonged  to  the  no- 
bility, were  to  slay  their  fathers.  Then,  when  the 
whole  city  was  stunned  by  the  bloodshed  and  the 
fire,  they  were  all  to  rush  out  and  join  Catiline. 

During  these  preparations  and  arrangements  Ce- 
thegus  constantly  complained  of  the  inaction  of  his 
associates,  insisting  that  by  indecision  and  delay  they 
were  wasting  great  opportunities ;  that  such  a  crisis 
called  for  action,  not  deliberation,  and  that  if  a  few 
would  aid  him  he  would  himself  make  an  attack 
upon  the  senate-house,  even  though  the  rest  were 
faint-hearted.  Being  naturally  aggressive,  violent, 
and  prompt  to  act,  he  set  the  highest  value  upon 
dispatch. 

XLIV.  The  Allobroges,  as  Cicero  had  recom- 
mended, were  presented  to  the  other  conspirators  by 
Gabinius.  They  demanded  of  Lentulus,  Cethegus, 
Statilius,  and  also  of  Cassius  an  oath,  which  was  to  be 
sealed  and  taken  to  their  countrymen,  saying  that 
otherwise  they  could  not  readily  be  induced  to  embark 
upon  so  serious  an  enterprise.  The  others  complied 
without  suspicion ;  Cassius,  however,  promised  to 
come  to  Gaul  shortly,  and  then  left  the  city  just  be- 
fore the  envoys.  Lentulus  sent  with  the  Allobroges 
a  certain  Titus  Volturcius  of  Crotona,  so  that  on  their 
way  home  they  might  confirm  the  alliance  by  ex- 
changing pledges  of  fidelity  with  Catiline.  He  gave 
Volturcius  a  letter  for  Catiline,  of  which  the  follow- 
ing is  a  copy :  "  Who  I  am  you  will  learn  from  my 
messenger.  See  to  it  that  you  bear  in  mind  in  what 
peril  you  are,  and  remember  that  you  are  a  man. 
Consider  what  your  plans  demand ;  seek  help  from 

75 


SALLUST 

6  etiam  ab  infimis."  Ad  hoc  mandata  verbis  -dat : 
cum  ab  senatu  hostis  iudicatus  sit,  quo  consilio 
servitia  repudiet  ?  In  urbe  parata  esse  quae  iusserit ; 
ne  cunctetur  ipse  propius  accedere. 

XLV.  His  rebus  ita  actis,  coiistituta  nocte  qua 
proficiscerentur,  Cicero  per  legatos  cuncta  edoctus 
L.  Valerio  Flacco  et  C.  Pomptino  praetoribus  im- 
perat  ut  in  ponte  Mulvio  per  insidias  Allobrogum 
comitatus  deprehendant.  Rem  omnem  aperit  cuius 
gratia    mittebantur,    cetera,    uti    facto  opus    sit,  ita 

2  agant  permittit.  llli,  homines  militares,  sine 
tumultu  praesidiis  collocatis,  sicuti  praeceptum  erat, 

3  occulte  pontem  obsidunt.  Postquam  ad  id  loci 
legati  cum  Volturcio  venerunt  et  simul  utrimque 
clamor   exortus   est,   Galli  cito  cognito  consilio  sine 

4  mora  praetoribus  se  tradunt,  ^'^olturcius  primo  co- 
hortatus  ceteros  gladio  se  a  multitudine  defendit, 
deinde  ubi  a  legatis  desertus  est,  multa  prius  de 
salute  sua  Pomptinum  obtestatus,  quod  ei  notus 
erat,  postremo  timidus  ac  vitae  diffidens  velut 
hostibus  sese  praetoribus  dedit. 

XLVI.  Quibus  rebus  confectis  omnia  propere  per 

2  nuntios  consuli  declarantur.       At  ilium  ingens  cura 

atque  laetitia    simul    occupavere.       Nam   laetabatur 

intellegens  coniuratione  patefacta  civitatem  periculis 

ereptam  esse  ;  porro  autem  anxius  erat,  dubitans  in 

76 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xi.iv.  5-xLvi.  2 

all,  even  the  lowest."  He  also  sent  him  a  verbal 
message,  inquiring  what  his  idea  was  in  refusing  the 
aid  of  slaves,  when  he  had  been  declared  a  rebel  by 
the  senate.  The  preparations  which  he  had  ordered 
in  the  city  had  been  made ;  he  should  not  himself 
hesitate  to  come  nearer  the  walls. 

XLV.  When  arrangements  had  been  thus  per- 
fected and  the  night  for  the  departure  appointed, 
Cicero,  who  had  been  informed  of  everything  through 
the  envoys,  ordered  the  praetors  Lucius  Valerius 
Flaccus  and  Gaius  Pomptinus  to  lie  in  wait  for  the 
Allobroges  and  their  company  at  the  Mulvian  Bridge 
and'arrest  them.  He  fully  explained  why  they  were 
sent,  but  left  the  general  course  of  action  to  their 
discretion.  The  praetors,  who  were  soldiers,  quietly 
posted  their  guards,  according  to  their  orders,  and 
secretly  invested  the  bridge.  As  soon  as  the  envoys 
reached  the  spot  with  Volturcius  and  heard  a  shout 
on  both  sides  of  them  at  once,  the  Gauls  quickly 
saw  what  was  going  on  and  immediately  surrendered 
themselves  to  the  praetors.  Volturcius  at  first  urged 
on  his  companions,  and  sword  in  hand  defended  him- 
self against  superior  numbers ;  but  when  he  was 
deserted  by  the  envoys,  he  at  first  earnestly  be- 
sought Pomptinus,  with  whom  he  was  acquainted, 
to  save  him,  but  finally,  being  in  fear  and  despair- 
ing of  his  life,  surrendered  to  the  praetors  as  if  to 
enemies. 

XLVI.  When  all  was  over,  the  details  were  quickly 
communicated  to  the  consul  by  messengers  ;  but  hp 
was  beset  at  the  same  time  by  deep  anxiety  as  well  as 
by  great  joy.  For  while  he  rejoiced  in  the  knowledge 
that  by  the  disclosure  of  the  plot  his  country  was 
saved  from  peril,  he  was  also  troubled,  and  uncertain 

77 


SALLUST 

maxumo    scelere    tantis    civibus    deprehensis,  quid 
facto  opus  esset ;  poenam  illorum  sibi  oneri,  impuni- 

3  tatem  perdundae  rei  publicae  fore  credebat.  Igitur 
confirmato  animo  vocari  ad  sese  iubet  Lentulum, 
Cethegum,  Statilium^  Gabinium,  itemque  Caeparium 
Tarracinensem,  qui  in  Apuliam  ad  concitanda  ser- 

4  vitia  proficisci  parabat.  Ceteri  sine  mora  veniunt ; 
Caeparius^  paulo  ante  domo  egressus,  cognito  indicio 

5  ex  urbe  profugerat.  Consul  Lentulum,  quod 
praetor  erat,  ipse  manu  tenens  in  senatum  ^  perdu- 
cit,   reliquos   cum   custodibus   in  aedem    ConcoVdiae 

6  venire  iubet.  Eo  senatum  advocat  magnaque  fre- 
quentia  eius  ordinis  Volturcium  cum  legatis  intro- 
ducit ;  Flaccum  praetorem  scrinium  cum  litteris, 
quas  a  legatis  acceperat^  eodem  adferre  iubet. 

XLVII.  Volturcius  interrogatus  de  itinere^  de 
litteris^  postremo  quid  aut  qua  de  causa  consili  ha- 
buisset^  primo  fingere  alia,  dissimulare  de  coniura- 
tione  ;  post  ubi  fide  publica  dicere  iussus  est,  omnia 
uti  gesta  erant  aperit  docetque  se  paucis  ante  diebus 
a  Gabinio  et  Caepario  socium  adscitum  nihil  amplius 
scire  quam  legatos  ;  tantum  modo  audire  solitum  ex 
Gabinio  P.  Autronium,  Ser.  Sullam,  L.  Vargunteium, 
2  multos  praeterea  in  ea  coniuratione  esse.  Eadem 
Galli  fatentur  ac  Lentulum  dissimulantem  coarguunt 

1  in  senatum,  omitted  by  Cortius  and  others'. 

^  Where   the   meeting  of  the    senate   was    held    on    this 
occasion. 

78 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xlvi.  2-xlvii.  2 

what  ought  to  be  done,  when  citizens  of  such  standing 
were  found  guilty  of  a  heinous  crime.  He  reaUzed 
that  their  punishment  would  be  a  load  upon  his  own 
shoulders;  their  impunity  the  ruin  of  the  state.  He, 
therefore,  steeling  his  resolution,  ordered  Lentulus, 
Cethegus,  Statilius,  and  Gabinius  to  be  brought  before 
him,  as  well  as  a  certain  Caeparius  of  Terracina,  who 
was  making  ready  to  go  to  Apulia  and  stir  the  slaves 
to  revolt.  The  others  came  without  delay  ;  but  Cae- 
parius, who  had  left  his  home  a  short  time  before 
this,  heard  of  the  discovery  of  the  plot  and  had 
made  good  his  escape  from  the  city.  The  consul 
himself  took  Lentulus  by  the  hand,  because  he  was 
praetor,  and  led  him  to  the  temple  of  Concord,^ 
bidding  the  rest  follow  under  guard.  Thither  he 
summoned  the  senate,  and  when  it  had  assembled  in 
full  numbers  he  led  in  Volturcius  and  the  envoys 
He  bade  the  praetor  Flaccus  bring  to  the  same  place 
the  portfolio,  together  with  the  letters  which  he  had 
taken  from  the  Allobroges. 

XLVn.  When  Volturcius  was  questioned  about 
the  journey  and  letters,  and  finally  was  asked  what 
his  design  was  and  why  he  had  entertained  it,  he  at 
first  invented  another  story  and  denied  knowledge  of 
the  conspiracy.  Afterwards,  when  invited  to  speak 
under  a  public  pledge  of  pardon,  he  gave  an  exact 
account  of  the  whole  affair.  He  declared  that  he  had 
been  made  a  member  of  the  cabal  only  a  few  days 
before  by  Gabinius  and  Caeparius,  and  knew  no  more 
than  the  envoys  ;  except  that  he  had  often  heard 
Gabinius  mention  Publius  Autronius,  Servius  Sulla, 
Lucius  Vargunteius,  and  many  others  as  being  in  the 
plot.  The  Gauls  gave  the  same  testimony,  and  when 
Lentulus  denied  his  guilt  they  confronted  him  not 

79 


SALLUST 

praeter  litteras  sermonibiis  quos  ille  habere  solitus 
erat :  ex  libris  Sibyllinis,  regnum  Romae  tribus 
Corneliis  portendi  ;  Cinnam  atqiie  Siillam  antea,  se 
tertium  esse,  cui  fatum  foret  urbis  potiri.  Praeterea 
ab  incenso  Capitolio  ilium  esse  vigesumum  annum, 
quern  saepe  ex  prodigiis  haruspices  respondissent 
bello  civili  cruentum  fore.  Igitur  perlectis  litteris, 
cum  prius  omnes  signa  sua  cognovissent,  senatus 
decernit  uti  abdicate  magistratu    Lentulus  itemque 

3  ceteri  in  liberis  custodiis  habeantur.  Itaque  Len- 
tulus   P.   Lentulo    Spintheri,   qui    turn    aedilis   erat, 

4  Cethegus  Q.  Cornificio,  Statilius  C.  Caesari,  Ga- 
binius  M.  Crasso,  Caeparius — nam  is  paulo  ante 
ex  fuga  retractus  erat — Cn.  Terentio  senatori 
traduntur. 

XLVIII.  Interea  plebs,  coniuratione  patefacta, 
quae  primo  cupida  rerum  novarum  nimis  bello 
favebat,  mutata  mente  Catilinae  consilia  exsecrari, 
Ciceronem  ad  caelum  tollere ;  veluti  ex  servitute 
2  erepta  gaudium  atque  laetitiam  agitabat.  Namque 
alia  belli  facinora  praedae  magis  quam  detriment© 
fore,  incendium  vero  crudele,  immoderatum,  ac  sibi 
maxume  calamitosum  putabat,  quippe  cui  omnes 
copiae  in  usu  cotidiano  et  cultu  corporis  erant. 


^  In  such  cases,  which  corresponded  roughly  to  our  release 
on  bail,  each  accused  person  was  given  into  the  cliarge  of  a 
prominent  citizen,  who  became  responsible  for  his  appearance 
at  his  trial. 

8o 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xlvii.  2-xlviii.  2 

only  with  his  letter,  but  also  with  statements  which 
he  was  in  the  habit  of  making,  to  the  effect  that  in 
the  Sibylline  books  the  rule  of  Rome  by  three  Cor- 
nelii  was  foretold ;  that  there  had  already  been  Cinna 
and  Sulla,  and  that  he  was  the  third  who  was  destined 
to  be  master  of  the  city.  Furthermore,  that  this 
was  the  twentieth  year  since  the  burning  of  the 
Capitol,  a  year  which  because  of  portents  the  sooth- 
sayers had  often  declared  would  be  stained  with  the 
blood  of  a  civil  war.  Accordingly,  when  the  letters  had 
been  read  through,  each  man  having  first  acknow- 
ledged his  own  seal,  the  senate  voted  that  after 
Lentulus  had  resigned  his  office  he  and  the  rest 
should  be  held  in  free  custody.^  As  a  result  of  this, 
Lentulus  was  delivered  to  Publius  Lentulus  Spinther, 
who  at  the  time  was  an  aedile,  Cethegus  to  Quintus 
Cornificius,  Statilius  to  Gaius  Caesar,  Gabinius  to 
Marcus  Crassus,  and  Caeparius  (for  he  had  just  been 
caught  and  brought  back)  to  a  senator  called  Gnaeus 
Terentius. 

XLVllI.  Meanwhile,  after  the  disclosure  of  the 
plot,  the  commons,  who  at  first  in  their  desire  for 
a  change  of  rulers  had  been  only  too  eager  for  war, 
faced  about  and  denounced  the  designs  of  Catiline, 
while  they  extolled  Cicero  to  the  skies,  manifesting 
as  much  joy  and  exultation  as  if  they  had  been 
rescued  from  slavery.  For  although  they  thought 
that  other  acts  of  war  would  lead  to  booty  rather 
than  to  loss,  they  regarded  a  general  conflagration  as 
cruel,  monstrous,  and  especially  calamitous  to  them- 
selves, since  their  sole  possessions  were  their  daily 
food  2  and  clothing. 

'^  cf.  Liv.  4.  12.  10,  vendere  quod  usu  menstriio  siiperesset ; 
Tac.  Ann.  4.  30.  2,  dandoa  vitae  usus  cui  vita  concederetur. 


SALLUST 

3  Post  eum  diem  quidam  L.  Tarquinius  ad  senatum 
adductus  erat,  quern  ad  Gatilinam  proficiscentem  ex 

4  itinere  retractum  aiebant.  Is  cum  se  diceret  indi- 
caturum  de  coniuratione,  si  fides  publica  data  esset, 
iussus  a  consule  quae  seiret  edicere^  eadem  fere 
quae  Volturcius  de  paratis  incendiis,  de  caede  bon- 
orum,  de  itinere  hostium  senatum  docet ;  praeterea 
se  missum  a  M.  Crasso^  qui  Catilinae  nuntiaret  ne 
eum  Lentulus  et  Cethegus  aliique  ex  coniuratione 
deprehensi  terrerent,  eoque  magis  properaret  ad 
urbem  accedere,  quo  et  ceterorum  animos  reficeret 
et  illi  facilius  e  periculo  eriperentur. 

6  Sed  ubi  Tarquinius  Crassum  nominavit^  hominem 
nobilem  maxumis  divitiis,  summa  potentia_,  alii  rem 
incredibilem  rati,  pars  tametsi  verum  existumabant, 
tamen  quia  in  tali  tempore  tanta  vis  hominis  magis 
leniunda  quam  exagitanda  videbatur,  plerique  Crasso 
ex  negotiis  privatis  obnoxii,  conclamant  indicem 
falsum    esse,  deque    ea    re    postulant   uti  referatur. 

6  Itaque  consulente  Cicerone  frequens  senatus  de- 
cernit,  Tarquini  indicium  falsum  videri,  eumque  in 
vinculis  retinendum,  neque  amplius  potestatem  faci- 
undam,   nisi   de    eo  indicaret  cuius   consilio  tantam 

7  rem  esset  mentitus.  Erant  eo  tempore  qui  existu- 
marent  indicium  illud  a  P.  Autronio  machinatuni, 
82 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xlvtii.  3-7 

On  the  following  day  one  Lucius  Tarquinius  was 
brought  before  the  senate,  a  man  who  was  said  to 
have  been  arrested  and  brought  back  as  he  was 
making  his  way  to  Catiline.  When  he  said  that  he 
would  give  evidence  about  the  conspiracy  if  the 
state  would  promise  him  a  pardon,  and  when  he 
had  been  invited  by  the  consul  to  tell  what  he 
knew,  he  gave  the  senate  practically  the  same  testi- 
mony as  Volturcius  about  the  intended  fires,  the 
murder  of  loyal  men,  and  the  march  of  the  rebels. 
He  added  that  he  had  been  sent  by  Marcus  Crassus 
to  advise  Catiline  not  to  be  alarmed  by  the  arrest  of 
Lentulus,  Cethegus,  and  the  other  conspirators,  but 
to  make  the  greater  haste  to  come  to  the  city,  in 
order  that  he  might  thereby  revive  the  spirits  of  the 
rest,  and  that  they  might  the  more  easily  be  saved 
from  their  danger. 

As  soon,  however,  as  Tarquinius  named  Crassus,  a 
noble  of  great  wealth  and  of  the  highest  rank,  some 
thought  the  charge  incredible ;  others  believed  it  to 
be  true,  but  thought  that  in  such  a  crisis  so  powerful 
a  man  ought  to  be  propitiated  rather  than  exas- 
perated. There  were  many,  too,  who  were  under 
obligation  to  Crassus  through  private  business  rela- 
tions. All  these  loudly  insisted  that  the  accusa- 
tion was  false,  and  demanded  that  the  matter  be 
laid  before  the  senate.  Accordingly,  on  the  motion 
of  Cicero,  the  senate  in  full  session  voted  that  the 
testimony  of  Tarquinius  appeared  to  be  false  ;  that 
he  should  be  kept  under  guard  and  given  no  further 
liearing  until  he  revealed  the  name  of  the  man  at 
whose  instigation  he  had  lied  about  a  matter  of  such 
moment.  At  the  time  some  believed  that  this  charge 
had  been  trumped  up  by  Publius  Autronius,  in  order 

83 

G     2 


SALLUST 

quo  facilius  appellate  Crasso  per  societatem  periculi 

8  reliquos  illius  potentia  tegeret.  Alii  Tarquinium 
a  Cicerone  imtnissum  aiebant,  ne  Crassus  more  suo 
suscepto  malorum  patrocinio  rem  j)ublicam  conturba- 

9  ret.  Ipsum  Crassum  ego  postea  praedicaiitem 
audivi  tantam  illam  contumeliam  sibi  ab  Cicerone 
impositam. 

XLIX.  Sed  isdem  temporibus  Q.  Catulus  et  C. 
Piso  neque  precibus  neque  gratia  neque  pretio^ 
Ciceronem  impellere  potuere  ^  uti  per  Allobroges 
aut   alium    indicem     C.    Caesar    falso    nominaretur. 

2  Nam  uterque  cum  illo  gravis  inimicitias  exercebant ; 
Piso  oppugnatus  in  iudicio  pecuniarum  repetun- 
darum  propter  cuiusdam  Transpadani  supplicium 
iniustum,  Catulus  ex  petitione  pontificatus  odio 
incensus^  quod  extrema  aetate_,  maxumis  honoribus 
usus,  ab    adulescentulo    Caesare    victus    discesserat. 

3  Res  autem  opportuna  videbatur,  quod  is  privatim 
egregia    liberalitate^    publice    maxumis    muneribus 

4  grandem  pecuniam  debebat.  Sed  ubi  consulem  ad 
tantum  facinus  impellere  nequeunt^  ipsi  singillatim 
circumeundo  atque  ementiundo  quae  se  ex  Volturcio 
aut  Allobrogibus  audisse  dicerent,  magnam  illi 
invidiam  conflaverant,  usque  eo  ut  non  nulli  equites 

^  neque  precibus  neque  gratia  neque  pretio,  F  and  other 
good  mss.',  neque  pretio  neque  gratia,  Fri>iC.  ii.  539.  20  k. 

2  inipelli  quivit,  Prise,  ii.  539.  20  ;  iuliei  quivit  (Cicero), 
Septimius,  Belli  Troiani  1.  18;  impellere  quivere,  Putsch. 

^  Crassus  gained  popularity  by  acting  as  advocate  for  men 
whom  Pompey,  Caesar  and  Ciceto  were  unwilling  to  defend. 
See  Plutarch,  Crassus  iii.  2. 

84 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xlviii.  y-xLix.  4 

that  by  naming  Crassus  and  involving  him  in  the 
danger  he  might  shield  the  rest  behind  his  influence. 
Others  declared  that  Tarquinius  had  been  instigated 
by  Cicero,  to  prevent  Crassus  from  taking  up  the 
cause  of  the  wicked,  after  his  custom,^  and  em- 
broiling the  state.  I  heard  Crassus  himself  assert 
afterwards  that  this  grave  insult  was  put  upon  him 
by  Cicero. 

XLIX.  But  at  that  very  time  Quintus  Catulus  and 
Gaius  Piso  tried  in  vain  by  en^e^ties,  influence,  and 
bribes  to  induce  Cicero  to  have  a  false  accusation 
brought  against  Gaius  Caesar,  either  through  the  Al- 
lobroges  or  some  other  witness.  For  both  thes  emen 
were  bitter  personal  enemies  of  Caesar,  Piso  l^ecause 
when  he  w^s  on  trial  for  extortion  ^  Caesar  had 
charged  him  with  unjustly  executing  a  native  of 
Transpadine  Gaul,  while  the  hatred  of  Catulus  arose 
from  his  candidacy  for  the  pontificate,  because  after 
he  had  attained  to  a  ripe  old  age  and  had  held  the 
highest  offices,  he  had  been  defeated  by  Caesar,  who 
was  by  comparison  a  mere  youth. ^  Moreover,  the 
opportunity  for  an  attack  upon  Caesar  seemed  favour- 
able, because  he  was  heavily  in  debt  on  account  of 
his  eminent  generosity  in  private  life  and  lavish 
entertainments  when  in  office.  But  when  they  could 
not  persuade  the  consul  to  such  an  outrageous  step, 
they  took  the  matter  into  their  own  hands,  and 
by  circulating  falsehoods  which  they  pretended  to 
have  heard  from  Volturcius  or  the  Allobroges,  stirred 
up  such  hostility  to  Caesar  that  some  Roman  knights, 

^  The  accusation  of  extortion  was  made  by  the  Allobroges. 
Caesar,  as  patron  of  tlie  province  (see  note  on  xli.  4),  had 
made  the  additional  charge.  Piso  was  defended  by  Cicero 
and  acquitted  ;  see  Cic.  pro  Flacco  39.  98. 

^  Caesar  was  thirty-seven  years  old  at  the  time. 

85 


SALLUST 

Romani,  qui  praesidi  causa  cum  telis  erant  circum 
aedeni  Concordiae,  seu  periculi  niagnitudine  seu 
animi  mobilitate  impulsi,  quo  studium  suum  in  rem 
publicam  clarius  esset,  ingredienti  ex  senatu  Caesari 
gladio  minitarentur. 

L.  Dum  haec  in  senatu  aguntur  et  dum  legatis 
Allobrogum  et  T.  Volturcio,  comprobato  eorum 
indiciOj  praemia  decernuntur,  liberti  et  pauci  ex 
clientibus  Lentuli  divorsis  itineribus  opifices  atque 
servitia  in  vicis  ad  eum  eripiundum  sollicitabant^ 
partim  exquirebant  duces  multitudinum,  qui  pretio 

2  rem  publicam  vexare  soliti  erant.  Cethegus  autem 
per  nuntios  familiam  atque  libertos  suos,  lectos  et 
exercitatos  orabat  in  audaciam  ^  ut  gi'ege  facto  cum 
telis  ad  sese  irrumperent. 

3  Consul  ubi  ea  parari  cognovit^  dispositis  praesidiis 
ut  res  atque  tempus  monebat,  convocato  senatu, 
refert  quid  de  eis  fieri  placeat  qui  in  custodiam 
traditi  erant ;  sed  eos  paulo  ante  frequens    senatus 

4  iudicaverat  contra  rem  publicam  fecisse.  Tum  D. 
Junius  Silanus,  primus  sententiam  rogatus  quod 
eo  tempore  consul  designatus  erat,  de  eis  qui  in 
custodiis  tenebantur  et  praeterea  de  L.  Cassio_,  P. 
Furio,  P.  Umbreno,  Q.  Annio,  si  deprehensi  forent, 
supplicium    sumundum    decreverat ;    isque    postea 

^  Diet.sch  and  others  omit  in  audaciam    n-ith  one   inferior 
codex.  • 

86 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  xlix.  4-L.  4 

who  were  stationed  as  an  armed  guard  about  the 
temple  of  Concord,  carried  away  either  by  the  great- 
ness of  the  danger  or  by  their  own  excitabihty,  drew 
their  swords  upon  Caesar  as  he  was  leaving  the 
senate,  in  order  to  make  their  loyalty  to  their 
country  more   conspicuous.^ 

L.  While  all  this  was  going  on  in  the  senate,  and 
rewards  were  being  voted  to  the  envoys  of  the  Allo- 
broges  and  to  Titus  Volturcius,  when  their  informa- 
tion had  been  verified,  the  freedmen  of  Lentulus  and 
a  few  of  his  dependants  were  scouring  the  streets  and 
trying  to  rouse  the  artisans  and  slaves  to  rescue  him, 
while  others  were  seeking  out  ,  the  leaders  of 
bands  2  who  were  wont  to  cause  public  disturbances 
for  hire.  Cethegus,  also,  was  sending  messengers 
to  his  slaves  and  freedmen,  a  picked  and  trained 
body  of  men,  entreating  them  to  take  a  bold  step, 
get  their  band  together,  and  force  their  way  to  him 
with  arms. 

When  the  consul  learned  of  these  designs,  station- 
ing guards  as  the  time  and  circumstances  demanded 
and  convoking  the  senate,  he  put  the  question  what 
should  be  done  with  the  men  who  had  been  delivered 
into  custody,  the  senate  having  shortly  before  this  in 
a  full  meeting  resolved  that  they  were  guilty  of 
treason  to  their  country.  On  the  present  occasion 
Decimus  Junius  Silanus,  who  was  consul-elect,  and 
hence  the  first  to  be  called  upon  for  his  opinion  re- 
garding those  who  were  held  in  custody,  as  well  as 
about  Lucius  Cassius,  Piiblius  Furius,  Publius  Um- 
brenus,  and  Titus  Annius  in  case  they  should  be 
caught,  had  recommended  that  they  be  put  to  death  ; 

^  See  Suetonius,  Jul.  14,  where  the  incident  is  referred  to 
the  time  of  the  delmte  abf)ut  the  punishment  of  the  con- 
spirators. '^  Such  as  those  of  Clodius  and  Milo. 

87 


SALLUST 

permotus  oratione  C.  Caesaris  pedibus  in  sententiam 
Ti.     Neronis    iturum    se    dixerat^    quod    de    ea    re 

5  praesidiis  additis  referundum  censuerat.  Sed  Caesar, 
iibi  ad  eum  ventum  est,  rogatus  sententiam  a 
consule  huiusceniodi  verba  locutus  est. 

LI.   "  Omnis    homines,   patres   conscripti,    qui    de 

'   rebus  dubiis  consultant,  ab  odio,  amicitia,  ira  atque 

2  misericordia  vacuos  esse  decet.      Hand  facile  animus 
'     verum   providet,  ubi   ilia  officiunt,  neque   quisquam 

3  omnium  lubidini  simul  et  usui  paruit.  Ubi  in- 
tenderis    ingenium,    valet ;     si    lubido    possidet,    ea 

4  dominatur,  animus  nihil  valet.  Magna  mihi  copia 
est  memorandi,  patres  conscripti,  qui  reges  atque 
populi  ira  aut  misericordia  impulsi  male  consulue- 
rint.  Sed  ea  malo  dicere  quae  maiores  nostri 
contra    lubidinem    animi    sui    recte    atque    ordine 

5  fecere.  Bello  Macedonico,  quod  cum  rege  Perse 
gessimus,  Rhodiorum  civitas  magna  atque  magnifica, 
quae  populi  Romani  opibus  ere  vera  t,  infida  atque 
advorsa  nobis  fuit.  Sed  postquam  bello  confecto 
de  Rhodiis  consultum  est,  maiores  nostri,  ne  quis 
divitiarum    magis    quam    iniuriae    causa    bellum    in- 

6  ceptum    diceret,    impunitos    eos     dimisere.       Item 

^  After  the  members  of  the  senate  had  expressed  their 
opinions,  the  supporters  of  a  measure  passed  to  one  side  of 
the  house  {pedihna  ire  in  sententiam  HHuh)  to  be  counted,  the 
opponents  to  the  other. 

'^  That  is,  the  defences  against  the  attempts  of  conspirators. 

3  .Just  before  the  battle  of  Pydna  (168  li.c. )  the  Rhodians. 
fearing  the  effect  on  their  trade,  threatened  the  Romans  witli 
war  unless  they  made  peace  with  Perses.     The  elder  Cato,  in 

S8 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  l.  4-1,1.  6 

• 

later,  profoundly  influenced  by  the  speech  of  Gaius 
Caesar,  he  said  that,  when  a  division  was  called  for,i 
he  would  give  his  vote  for  the  proposal  of  Tiberius 
Nero,  who  had  advised  merely  that  the  guards  be 
increased  ^  and  the  question  reopened.  But  Caesar,  ■ 
when  his  turn  came  and  the  consul  asked  him  for 
his  opinion,  spoke  in  the  following  terms  : 

LI.  "Fathers  of  the  Senate,  all  men  who  deliberate 
upon  difficult  questions  ought  to  be  free  from  hatred 
and  friendship,  anger  and  pity.  When  these  feelings 
stand  in  the  way  the  mind  cannot  easily  discern  the 
truth,  and  no  mortal  man  has  ever  served  at  the  same 
time  his  passions  and  his  best  interests.  When  you 
apply  your  intellect,  it  prevails ;  if  passion  possesses 
you,  it  holds  sway,  and  the  mind  is  impotent.  I 
might  mention  many  occasions,  Fathers  of  the  Senate, 
when  kings  and  peoples  under  the  influence  of  wrath 
or  pity  have  made  errors  of  judgment ;  but  I  prefer 
to  remind  you  of  times  when  our  forefathers,  resist- 
ing the  dictates  of  passion,  have  acted  justly  and  in 
order.  In  the  Macedonian  war,  which  we  waged 
with  king  Perses,  the  great  and  glorious  community 
of  the  Rhodians,  which  owed  its  growth  to  the  sup- 
port of  the  Roman  people,  was  unfaithful  to  us  and 
hostile.^  But  after  the  war  was  over  and  the  question 
of  the  Rhodians  was  under  discussion,  our  ancestors 
let  them  go  unpunished  for  fear  that  someone  might 
say  that  the  wealth  of  the  Rhodians,  rather  than  re- 
sentment for  the  wrong  they  had  done,  had  led  to 
the  declaration   of  war.     So,  too,  in  all  the   Punic 

a  speech  of  which  a  part  is  preserved  (Gell.  V).  3),  persuaded 
the  Romans  not  to  retaliate.  The  Rhodians,  however,  were 
punished  hy  the  loss  of  their  possessions  in  Lycia  and  Caria, 
which  the  Romans  had  given  them  as  a  reward  for  their  help 
\n  the  war  with  Anfciochus. 


SALLUST 

* 

bellis   Punicis  omnibus^  cum  saepe  Carthaginienses 
et   in    pace    et    per  indutias  multa  nefaria  facinora 
fecissent^  numqiiam  ipsi  per  occasioiiem  talia  fecere  ; 
magis,    quid    se    dignum    foret,   quam  quid   in   illos 
7  iure  fieri  posset  quaerebant.      Hoc  item  vobis  provi- 
dendum    est^    patres    conscripti^  ne    plus   apud    vos 
valeat  P.   Lentuli  et  ceterorum  scelus  quam  vostra 
■  dignitas,  neu  magis  irae  vostrae  quam  famae   con- 
Si  sulatis.       Nam    si    digna    poena    pro    factis    eorum 
/  reperitur^  novum  consilium  approbo  ;  sin  magnitudo 
sceleris    omnium    ingenia    exsuperat,    eis    utendum 
censeo  quae  legibus  comparata  sunt. 
9       "  Plerique  eorum  qui  ante  me  sententias  dixerunt 
composite  atque  magnifice  casum  rei  publicae  mis- 
erati   sunt.       Quae  belli  saevitia    esset,   quae    victis 
acciderent,    enumeravere ;      rapi     virgines,    pueros, 
divelli  liberos  a  parentum   complexu,  matres  fami- 
liarum  pati  quae  victoribus  collubuissent,^  fana  atque 
domos    spoliari,    caedem,     incendia    fieri^    postremo 
armis,   cadaveribus,  cruore  atque  luctu  omnia  com- 

10  pleri.  Sed^  per  deos  immortalis,  quo  ilia  oratio 
pertinuit  ?  An  uti  vos  infestos  coniurationi  faceret  ? 
Scilicet,  quem  res  tanta  et  tam  atrox  non  permovit, 

11  eum  oratio  accendet.  Non  ita  est,  neque  cuiquam 
mortalium  iniuriae  suae  parvae  videntur;  multi  eas 

12  gravius  aequo  habuere.  Sed  alia  aliis  licentia  est, 
patres    conscripti.      Qui    demissi    in   obscuro    vitam 

^  Some  inferior  mss.  have  conlibuisBct ;  also  August.  Dt  Civ. 
Dei  1.  5. 

90 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  li.  6-12 

wars,  although  the  Carthaginians  both  in  time  of 
peace  and  in  the  course  of  truces  had  often  done  many 
abominable  deeds,  the  Romans  never  retaliated  when 
they  had  the  opportunity,  but  they  inquired  rather 
what  conduct  would  be  consistent  with  their  dignity 
than  how  far  the  law  would  allow  them  to  go  in 
taking  vengeance  on  their  enemies.  You  likewise. 
Fathers  of  the  Senate,  must  beware  of  letting  the 
guilt  of  Publius  Lentulus  and  the  rest  have  more 
weight  with  you  than  your  own  dignity,  and  of  taking 
more  thought  for  your  anger  than  for  your  good 
name.  If  a  punishment  commensurate  with  their 
crimes  can  be  found,  I  favour  a  departure  from  pre- 
cedent ;  but  if  the  enormity  of  their  guilt  surpasses 
all  men's  imagination,  I  should  advise  limiting  our- 
selves to  such  penalties  as  the  law  has  established. 

"The  greater  number  of  those  who  have  expressed 
their  opinions  before  me  have  deplored  the  lot  of  the 
commonwealth  in  finished  and  noble  phrases ;  they 
have  dwelt  upon  the  horrors  of  war,  the  wretched 
fate  of  the  conquered,  the  rape  of  maidens  and  boys, 
children  torn  from  their  parents'  arms,  matrons'sub- 
jected  to  the  will  of  the  victors,  temples  and  homes 
pillaged,  bloodshed  and  fire  ;  in  short,  arms  and 
corpses  everywhere,  gore  and  grief.  But,  O  ye  im- 
mortal gods  !  what  was  the  purpose  of  such  speeches? 
Was  it  to  make  you  detest  the  conspiracy  ?  You 
think  that  a  man  who  has  not  been  affected  by 
a  crime  so  monstrous  and  so  cruel  will  be  fired  by 
a  speech  !  Nay,  not  so ;  no  mortal  man  thinks  his 
own  wrongs  unimportant ;  many,  indeed,  are  wont 
to  resent  them  more  than  is  right.  But  not  all 
men,  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  are  allowed  the  same 
freedom  of  action.     If  the  humble,  who  pass  their 

91 


SALLUST 

habent  siqiiid  iracundia  deliquere^  pauci  sciunt;  fama 
atque  fortuna  eorum  pares  sunt  :  qui  magno  imperio 
praediti   in    excelso    aetateni    agunt^    eorum    facta 

13  cuncti    niortales    novere.      Ita    in    maxuma   fortuna 

14  minuma  licentia  est.  Neque  studere  neque  odisse, 
sed  minume  irasci  decet.  Quae  apud  alios  iracundia 
dicitur,  ea  in  imperio  superbia  atque  crudelitas 
appellatur. 

16  "Equidem  ego  sic  existumo,  patres  conscripti, 
omnis  cruciatus  minores  quam  facinora  illorum  esse. 
Sed  plerique  mortales  postrema  meminere  et  in 
hominibus    impiis    sceleris    eorum    obliti    de    poena 

16  disserunt^  si  ea  paulo  severior  ^  fuit.  D.  Silanum, 
virum  fortem  atque  strenuum,  certo  scio  quae 
dixerit  studio  rei  publicae  dixisse,  neque  ilium  in 
tanta  re  gratiam  aut  inimicitias  exercere  ;  eos  mores 

17  eamque  modestiam  viri  cognovi.  Verum  sententia 
eius  mihi  non  crudelis — quid  enim  in  talis  homines 
crudele  fieri  potest  ? — sed  aliena  a  re  publica  nostra 

18  videtur.  Nam  profecto  aut  metus  aut  iniuria  te 
subegit,  Silane^  consulem  designatum  genus  poenae 

19  novum  decernere.  De  timore  supervacaneum  ^  est 
disserere,   cum  praesertim  diligentia  clarissumi  viri 

20  consulis  tanta  praesidia  sint  in  armis.  De  poena 
possum  equidem  dicere^  id  quod  res  liabet,  in  luctu 
atque  miseriis  mortem  aerumnarum  requiem,  non 
cruciatum  esse,  earn  cuncta  mortalium  mala  dis- 
solvere,  ultra  neque  curae  neque  gaudio  locum  esse. 

^  P  and  some  other  good  codices  have  sevior. 
2  P  and  V  have  supervacuaneuni,  thefonn^r  corr,  to  super' 
vacaneum  in  the  margin, 

92 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  u.  12-20 

lives  in  obscurity,  commit  any  offence  through  anger, 
it  is  known  to  few  ;  their  fame  and  fortune  are  alike. 
But  the  actions  of  those  who  hold  great  power,  and 
pass  their  lives  in  a  lofty  station,  are  known  to  all 
the  world.  So  it  comes  to  pass  that  in  the  highest 
position  there  is  the  least  freedom  of  action.  There 
neither  partiality  nor  dislike  is  in  place,  and  anger 
least  of  all ;  for  what  in  others  is  called  wrath,  this 
in  a  ruler  is  termed  insolence  and  cruelty. 

"  For  my  own  part,  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  I  con- 
sider no  tortures  sufficient  for  the  crimes  of  these 
men ;  but  most  mortals  remember  only  that  which 
happens  last,  and  in  the  case  of  godless  men  forget 
their  guilt  and  descant  upon  the  punishment  they 
have  received,  if  it  is  a  little  more  severe  than 
common.  I  have  no  doubt  that  Decimus  Silanus, 
a  gallant  and  brave  man,  was  led  by  patriotism  to 
say  what  he  did  say,  and  that  in  a  matter  of  such 
moment  he  showed  neither  favour  nor  enmity ;  so 
well  do  I  know  the  man's  character  and  moderation. 
Yet  his  proposal  seems  to  me,  I  will  not  say  cruel 
(for  what  could  be  cruel  in  the  case  of  such  men  ?) 
but  foreign  to  the  customs  of  our  country.  For 
surely,  Silanus,  it  was  either  fear  or  the  gravity  of 
the  offence  which  impelled  you,  a  consul  elect,  to 
favour  a  novel  form  of  punishment.  As  regards  fear 
it  is  needless  to  speak,  especially  since,  thanks  to 
the  precautions  of  our  distinguished  consul,  we 
have  such  strong  guards  under  arms.  So  far  as  the 
penalty  is  concerned,  I  can  say  with  truth  that 
amid  grief  and  wretchedness  death  is  a  relief  from 
woes,  not  a  punishment ;  that  it  puts  an  end  to  all 
mortal  ills  and  leaves  no  room  either  for  sorrow  or 
for  joy. 

93 


SALLUST 

21  "  Sed,  per  deos  immortalis,  quam  ob  rem  in  sen- 
tentiam  non  addidisti,   uti   prius  verberibus  in    eos 

22  animadvorteretur  ?  An  quia  lex  Porcia  vetat  ?  At 
aliae  leges  item    condemnatis  civibus  non   animam 

23  eripi  sed  exsilium  permitti  iubent.  An  quia  gravius 
est  verberari  quam  necari  ?  Quid  autem  acerbum 
aut    nimis    grave    est   in    homines    tanti    facinoris 

24  convictos  ?  Sin  quia  levius  est,  qui  convenit  in 
minore  negotio   legem  timere,  cum  eam  in  maiore 

25  neglegeris.^  At  enim  quis  reprehendet  quod  in 
parricidas  rei  publicae  decretum  erit  ?  Tempus, 
dies,    fortuna,    cuius    lubido     gentibus     moderatur. 

26  Illis  merito  accidet  quicquid  evenerit ;  ceterum  vos, 
patres  conscripti,  quid  in  alios  statuatis  considerate. 

27  Omnia  mala  exempla  ex  rebus  bonis  orta  sunt;  sed 
ubi  imperium  ad  ignaros  eius  ^  aut  minus  bonos 
pervenit,  novom  illud  exemplum  ab  dignis  et  idoneis 
ad  indignos  et  non  idoneos  transfertur. 

28  "  Lacedaemonii  devictis*  Atheniensibus  triginta 
viros  imposuere,  qui  rem  publicam  eorum  tractarent. 

^  V  and  some  other  good  mss.  have  neglexeris. 
^  ignaros  eius,  P,  V and  other  good  m.s.s.  (eius  erased  in  P); 
other  good  mss.  have  ignaros  (ignavos)  cives. 

^  There  were  three  laws  of  that  name,  the  exact  provisions 
of  which  are  unknown,  but  the  scourging  or  putting  to  death 
of  a  Roman  citizen  was  forbidden. 

'^  'r\\e  Valerian  laws  and  one  of  Gains  Gracchus. 

^  The  proposal  of  8ilanus  to  put  Roman  citizens  to  death 

94 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  u. 


21-2. 


"  But,  by  the  immortal  gods  !  why  did  you  not, 
Silanus,  add  the  recommendation  that  they  first  be 
scourged  ?  Was  it  because  the  Porcian  law  ^  forbids  ? 
Yes,  but  there  are  other  laws  ^  too  which  provide  that 
Roman  citizens,  even  when  found  guilty,  shall  not  lose 
their  lives,  but  shall  be  permitted  to  go  into  exile. 
Was  it  because  it  is  more  grievous  to  be  scourged  than 
to  be  killed  ?  But  what  punishment  is  rigorous  or 
too  grievous  for  men  convicted  of  so  great  a  crime  ? 
If,  however,  it  was  because  scourging  is  the  lighter 
punishment,  what  consistency  is  there  in  respecting 
the  law  in  the  lesser  point  when  you  have  disregarded 
it  in  the  greater  ?^  But,  you  may  say,  who  will  com- 
plain of  a  decree  which  is  passed  against  traitors  to 
their  country  ?  Time,  I  answer,  the  lapse  of  years,* 
and  Fortune,  whose  caprice  rules  the  nations.  What- 
ever befalls  these  prisoners  will  be  well  deserved  ; 
but  you.  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  are  called  upon  to 
consider  how  your  action  will  affect  other  criminals. 
All  bad  precedents  have  originated  in  cases  which 
were  good ;  but  when  the  control  of  the  govern- 
ment falls  into  the  hands  of  men  who  are  incompe- 
tent or  bad,  your  new  precedent  is  transferred  from 
those  who  well  deserve  and  merit  such  punishment 
to  the  undeserving  and  blameless. 

"  The  Lacedaemonians,  after  they  had  conquered 
the  Athenians,  set  over  them  thirty  men   to   carry 

was  a  violation  of  the  Porcian  and  other  laws.  If  he  omitted 
the  scourging  as  too  cruel,  he  minimized  the  guilt  of  the 
prisoners  ;  but  if  he  thought  death  the  severer  penalty,  he 
violated  the  law  in  its  more  important  part,  especially  since 
the  prisoners  had  not  been  formally  tried  and  condemned. 

*  cf.  Verg.  Aen.  5.  783,  quam  {=  lunonem),  nee  longa  dies 
pietas  nee  mitigat  ulla  ;  Li  v.  2.  45.  2,  diem  tempusque  forsitan 
ipsum  leniturum  iras. 

95 


SALLUST 

29  Ei  primo  coepere  pessumum  quemque  et  omnibus 
invisum  indemnatum  uecare.     Ea  populus  laetari  et 

30  merito  dicere  fieri.  Post  ubi  paulatim  licentia  crevit, 
iuxta  bonos  et  nialos  lubidinose  interficere^  ceteros 

31  metii  terrere ;  ita  civitas  servitute  oppressa  stultae 

32  laetitiae  gravis  poenas  dedit.  Nostra  memoria  victor 
Sulla  cum  Damasippum  et  alios  eiusmodi,  qui  malo 
rei  publicae  creverant^  iugulari  iussit,  quis  non  fac- 
tum eius  laudabat  ?  Homines  scelestos  et  factiosos, 
qui  seditionibus  rem  publicam  exagitaverant,  merito 

33  necatos  aiebant.  Sed  ea  res  magnae  initium  cladis 
fuit ;  nam  uti  quisque  domum  aut  villam,  postremo 
vas   aut    vestimentum    alicuius    concupiverat,   dabat 

34  operam  ut  is  in  proscriptorum  numero  esset.  Ita 
illi  quibus  Damasippi  mors  laetitiae  fuerat  paulo  post 
ipsi  trahebantur,  neque  prius  finis  iugulandi  fuit 
quam  Sulla  omnis  suos  divitiis  explevit. 

35  "Atque  ego  haec^  non  in  M.  TuUio  neque  his 
temporibus  vereor ;  sed  in  magna  civitate  multa  et 

36  varia  ingenia  sunt.  Potest  alio  tempore,  alio  con- 
sule,  cui  item  exercitus  in  manu  sit,  falsum  aliquid 
pro  vero  credi ;  ubi  hoc  exemplo  per  senatus  decre- 
tum  consul  gladium  eduxerit,  quis  illi  finem  statuet 
aut  quis  moderabitur  ? 

*  haec  ego,  V. 


^  At  the  close  of  the  Peloponuesiaii  war  (104  B.C.)  the 
Spartans  attempted  to  maintain  their  hold  upon  the  dependent 
states   by   setting   up   in   each   a   local  governing   board  of 

96 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE/ li.  29-36 

on  their  government. ^  Tliese  men  began  at  first 
by  putting  to  death  without  a  trial  the  most 
wicked  and  generally  hated  citizens^  whereat  the 
people  rejoiced  greatly  and  declared  that  it  was 
well  done.  But  afterwards  their  licence  gradually 
increased,  and  the  tyrants  slew  good  and  bad  alike 
at  pleasure  and  intimidated  the  rest.  Thus  the 
nation  was  reduced  to  slavery  and  had  to  pay  a 
heavy  penalty  for  its  foolish  rejoicing.  Within  our 
own  memory,  when  the  conqueror  Sulla  ordered  the 
execution  of  Damasippus  and  others  of  that  kind,  who 
had  become  prominent  at  the  expense  of  the  state, 
who  did  not  commend  his  action  ?  All  declared  that 
those  criminal  intriguers,  who  had  vexed  the  country 
with  their  civil  strife,  deserved  their  fate.  But  that 
was  the  beginning  of  great  bloodshed ;  for  wlienever 
anyone  coveted  a  man's  house  in  town  or  country, 
or  at  last  even  his  goods  or  his  garment,  he  contrived 
to  have  him  enrolled  among  the  proscribed.  Thus 
those  who  had  exulted  in  the  death  of  Damasippus 
were  themselves  before  long  hurried  off  to  execution, 
and  the  massacre  did  not  end  until  Sulla  glutted  all 
his  followers  with  riches. 

"  For  my  own  part,  I  fear  nothing  of  that  kind 
for  Marcus  Tullius  or  for  our  times,  but  in  a  great 
commonwealth  there  are  many  different  natures.  It 
is  possible  that  at  another  time,  when  someone  else 
is  consul  and  is  likewise  in  command  of  an  army, 
some  falsehood  may  be  believed  to  be  true.  When 
the  consul,  with  this  precedent  before  him,  shall 
draw  the  sword  in  obedience  to  the  senate's  decree, 
who  shall  limit  or  restrain  him  ? 

aristocrats.     The  "Thirty  Tyrants  "  at  Athens  were  driven 
out  after  about  eight  months  of  excesses. 

97 


SALLUST 

37  "  Maiores  nostri^  patres  conscripti,  neque  consili 
neque  audaciae  umquam  eguere,  neque  illis  superbia 
obstabat  quo  minus  aliena  instituta,  si  modo  proba 

38  erant^  imitarentur.  Arma  atque  tela  militaria  ab 
Samnitibus,  insignia  magistratuum  ab  Tuscis  plera- 
que  sumpserunt.  Postremo  quod  ubique  apud  socios 
aut  hostis  idoneum  videbatur,  cum  summo  studio 
domi    exsequebantur ;    imitari   quam   invidere   bonis 

39  malebant.  Sed  eodem  illo  tempore,,  Graeciae  morem 
imitati/  verberibus  animadvortebant  in  civis,  de  con- 

40  demnatis  summum  supplicium  sumebant.  Postquam 
res  publica  adolevit  et  multitudine  civium  faetiones 
valuere^  circumveniri  -  innoeentes,  alia  huiuscemodi 
fieri  coepere,  turn  lex  Poreia  aliaeque  leges  paratae 
suntj   quibus   legibus   exsilium   damnatis   permissum 

41  est.  Hanc  ego  causam,  patres  conscripti,  quo  minus 
novom  consilium  capiamus,  in  primis  magnam  puto. 

42  Profecto  virtus  atque  sapientLa  maior  illis  fuit,  qui  ex 
par  vis  opibus  tantum  imperium  fecere  quam  in  nobis, 
qui  ea  bene  parta  vix  retinemus. 

43  "  Placet  igitur  eos  dimitti  et  augeri  exercitum 
Catilinae  ?  Minume.  Sed  ita  censeo,  publicandas 
eorum  pecunias,  ipsos  in  vinculis  habendos  per  muni- 
cipia  quae  maxume  opibus  valent,  neu  quis  de  eis 
postea  ad  senatum  referat  neve  cum  populo  agat ; 

^  Graeciae  morem  imitati  put  after  coepere  turn  (§  40,  1.  4) 
hy  Dtiderleiu. 

^  circumveniri,  V;  P  and  other  good  codices  have  circum- 
veiiirc. 

^  According  to  tradition,  the  laws  of  the  Twelve  Tables, 
published  in  449  B.C.,  were  based  upon  those  of  Athens  and 

98 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  li.  37-43 

"  Our  ancestors,  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  were  never 
lacking  either  in  wisdom  or  courage,  and  yet  pride 
did  hot  keep  them  from  adopting  foreign   institu- 
tions,  provided  they  were  honourable.     They  took 
their  offensive  and  defensive  weapons  from  the  Sam- 
nites,  the  badges  of  their  magistrates  for  the  most 
part   from  the   Etruscans.      In    fine,  whatever  they 
found    suitable    among   allies   or   foes,   they  put   in 
practice  at  home  with  the  greatest  enthusiasm,  pre- 
ferring to  imitate   rather  than   envy  the  successful. 
But    in    that    same    age,    following    the    usage    of 
Greece,!  they  applied  the  scourge  to  citizens  and  in- 
flicted the  supreme  penalty  upon  those  found  guilty. 
Afterwards,  when  the  state   reached    maturity,  and 
because  of  its  large  population    factions  prevailed; 
when  the  blameless  began  to  be  oppressed  and  other 
wrongs  of  that  kmd  were  perpetrated:    then   they 
devised   the   Porcian    law  2    and    other   laws,    which 
allowed   the    condemned    the    alternative    of    exile„ 
This  seems  to  me.  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  a  particu- 
larly cogent  reason  why  we  should  not  adopt  a  new 
policy.     Surely  there  was  greater  merit  and  wisdom 
in  those  men,  who  from  slight  resources  created  this 
mighty  empire,  than  in  us,  who  can  barely  hold  what 
they  gloriously  won. 

"Do  I  then  recommend  that  the  prisoners  be 
allowed  to  depart  and  swell  Catiline's  forces?  By 
no  means !  This,  rather,  is  my  advice  :  that  their 
goods  be  confiscated  and  that  they  themselves  be 
kept  imprisoned  in  the  strongest  of  the  free  towns  ; 
further,  that  no  one  hereafter  shall  refer  their  case 
to  the    senate  or  bring  it  before  the  people,  under 

other  Greek  cities,  to  which  a  commission   was  sent  from 
Kome  for  that  purpose.  ^  See  note  on  chap.  li.  22. 

99 
H    2 


SALLUST 

qui   aliter   fecerit,   senatum   existumare  eum  contra 
rem  publicam  et  salutem  omnium  facturum." 

LI  I.  Postquam  Caesar  dicundi  finem  fecit,  ceteri 
verbo  alius  alii  varie  assentiebantur.  At  M.  Porcius 
Cato  rogatus  sententiam  liuiuscemodi  orationem 
habuit : 

2  "  Longe  milii  alia  mens  est,  patres  conscripti,  cum 
res  atque  pericula  nostra  considero,  et  cum  senten- 

3  tias  non  nullorum  ipse  mecum  reputo.  Illi  mihi 
disseruisse  videntur  de  poena  eorum,  qui  patriae, 
iparentibus,  aris  atque  focis  suis  bellum  paravere. 
Res  autem  monet  cavere  ab  illis  magis  quam  quid  in 

4  illos  statuamus  consultare.  Nam  cetera  maleficiatum 
persequare  ubi  facta  sunt ;  lioc  nisi  provideris  ne 
accidat,  ubi  evenit  frustra  iudicia  implores ;  capta 
urbe  nihil  fit  reliqui  victis. 

5  "  Sed,  per  deos  immortalis,  vos  ego  appello,  qui 
semper  domos,  villas,  signa,  tabulas  vostras  pluris 
quam  rem  publicam  fecistis ;  si  ista,  cuiuscumque 
modi  sunt,  quae  am})lexamini,  retinere,  si  voluptati- 
bus  vostris  otium  j)raebere  voltis,  expergiscimini  ali-  - 

6  quando  et  capessite  rem  publicam.  Non  agitur  de 
vectigalibus  neque  de  sociorum  iniuriis ;  libertas  et 

7  anima  nostra  in  dubio  est.  Sae})e  numero,  jiatres 
conscripti,  mnjH  varbn  in  Jvnr  ordine  feci,  saepe  de 

ST.    MICHAEL'S  ^ 

COLLEGE  /    <^ 


THP:  war  with  CATILINE,  li.  43-lii.  7 

pain  of  being  considered  by  the  senate  to  have 
designs  against  the  welfare  of  the  state  and  the 
common  safety.  " 

LI  I.  After  Caesar  had  finished  speaking,  the  rest 
briefly  expressed  their  adherence  to  one  or  another 
of  the  various  proposals.  But  Marcus  Porcius  Cato, 
when  called  upon  for  his  opinion,  spoke  to  the 
following  purport : 

"  My  feelings  are  very  different.  Fathers  of  the 
Senate,  when  I  turn  my  mind  to  the  plot  and  the 
danger  we  are  in,  and  when  I  reflect  upon  the  re- 
commendations of  some  of  our  number.  The  speakers 
appear  to  me  to  have  dwelt  upon  the  punishment 
of  these  men  who  have  plotted  warfare  upon  their 
country,  parents,  altars,  and  hearths ;  but  the  situa- 
tion warns  us  rather  to  take  precautions  against  them 
than  to  argue  about  what  we  are  to  do  with  them. 
For  in  the  case  of  other  offences  you  may  proceed 
against  them  after  they  have  been  committed  ;  with 
this,  unless  you  take  measures  to  forestall  it,  in  vain 
will  you  appeal  to  the  laws  when  once  it  has  been 
consummated.  Once  a  city  has  been  taken  nothing 
is  left  to  the  vanquished. 

"  Nay,  in  the  name  of  the  immortal  gods  I  call 
upon  you,  who  have  always  valued  your  houses, 
villas,  statues,  and  paintings  more  highly  than  your 
country ;  if  you  wish  to  retain  the  treasures  to  which 
you  cling,  of  whatsoever  kind  they  may  be,  if  you 
even  wish  to  provide  peace  for  the  enjoyment  of  your 
pleasures,  wake  up  at  last  and  lay  hold  of  the  reins 
of  the  state.  Here  is  no  question  of  revenues  or 
the  wrongs  of  our  allies  ;  our  lives  and  liberties  are 
at  stake.  Oftentimes,  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  I  have 
spoken  at   great  length  before  this    body ;    I    have 


SALLUST 

luxuria  atque  avaritia  nostrorum  civium  questus  sum, 

8  multosque  mortalis  ea  causa  advorsos  liabeo.  Qui 
mihi  atque  animo  nieo  nullius  umquam  delicti  gra- 
tiam    fecissem,    baud    facile    alterius    lubidini    male 

9  facta  condonabam.  Sed  ea  tametsi  vos  parvi  pen- 
debatis,  tamen  res  publica  firma  erat,  opulentia 
neglegentiam   tolerabat. 

10  "  Nunc  vero  non  id  agitur,  bonisne  an  malis  mori- 
bus  vivamus,  neque  quantum  aut  quam  magnificum 
imperium  populi  Romani  sit,  sed  haec,  cuiuscumque 
modi    videntur,    nostra    an    nobiscum    una    hostium 

11  futura  sint.  Hie  mihi  quisquam  mansuetudinem  et 
misericordiam  nominat.  lam  pridem  equidem  nos 
vera  vocabula  rerum  amisimus.  Quia  bona  aliena 
largiri  liberalitas,  malarum  rerum  audacia  fortitudo 

12  vocatur,  eo  res  publica  in  extremo  sita  est.  Sint 
sane,  quoniam  ita  se  mores  habent,  liberales  ex 
sociorum  fortunis,  sint  misericordes  in  furibus  aerari ; 
ne  illi  sanguinem  nostrum  largiantur  et,  dum  paucis 
sceleratis  parcunt,  bonos  omnis  perditum  eant. 

13  "  Bene  et  composite  C.  Caesar  paulo  ante  in  hoc 
ordine  de  vita  et  morte  disseruit,  credo  falsa  existu- 
mans  ea  quae  de  inferis  memorantur,  divorso  itinere 
malos  a  bonis  loca  taetra,  inculta,  foeda  atque  formi- 

14  dulosa  habere.  Itaque  censuit  pecunias  eorum  pub- 
licandas,  ipsos  per  municipia  in  custodiis  habendos, 

^  That  is,  because  of  his  scepticism  about  future  punish- 
menl. 

103 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  lii.  7-14 

often  deplored  the  extravagance  and  greed  of  our 
citizens,  and  in  that  way  I  have  made  many  men  my 
enemies.  I,  who  had  never  granted  to  myself  or  to 
my  impulses  indulgence  for  any  transgression,  could 
not  readily  condone  misdeeds  prompted  by  another's 
passion.  But  although  you  were  wont  to  give  little 
weight  to  my  words,  yet  the  state  was  unshaken  ; 
its  prosperity  made  good  your  neglect. 

"  Now,  however,  the  question  before  us  is  not 
whether  our  morals  are  good  or  bad,  nor  how  great 
or  glorious  the  empire  of  the  Roman  people  is,  but 
whether  all  that  we  have,  however  we  regard  it, 
is  to  be  ours,  or  with  ourselves  is  to  belong  to  the 
enemy.  At  this  point  (save  the  mark !)  someone 
hints  at  gentleness  and  long-suffering  !  But  in  very 
truth  we  have  long  since  lost  the  true  names  for 
things.  It  is  precisely  because  squandering  the  goods 
of  others  is  called  generosity,  and  recklessness  in 
wrong  doing  is  called  courage,  that  the  republic  is 
reduced  to  extremities.  Let  these  men  by  all  means, 
since  such  is  the  fashion  of  the  time,  be  liberal  at 
the  expense  of  our  allies,  let  them  be  merciful  to 
plunderers  of  the  treasury ;  but  let  them  not  be 
prodigal  of  our  blood,  and  in  sparing  a  few  scoundrels 
bring  ruin  upon  all  good  men. 

"  In  fine  and  finished  phrases  did  Gaius  Caesar  a 
moment  ago  before  this  body  speak  of  life  and  death, 
regarding  as  false,  I  presume,  the  tales  which  are  told 
of  the  Lower  World,  where  they  say  that  the  wicked 
take  a  different  path  from  the  good,  and  dwell  in 
regions  that  are  gloomy,  desolate,  unsightly,  and 
full  of  fears.  Therefore  ^  he  recommended  that  the 
goods  of  the  prisoners  be  confiscated,  and  that  they 
themselves  be  imprisoned  in  the  free  towns,  doubtless 

IC3 


SALLUST 

videlicet  timeiis  lie,  si  Romae  sint,  aiit  a  popularibus 
coniurationis   ant  a  multitudine    conducta    per  vim 

15  eripiantiir.  Quasi  vero  mali  atqiie  scelesti  tantiim 
modo  in  urbe  et  non  per  totam  Italiam  sint,  aut  non 
ibi   plus   possit  audacia,  ubi   ad   defendunduni  opes 

16  minores  sunt.  Quare  vanum  equideni  hoc  consilium 
est,  si  periculum  ex  illis  metuit ;  sin  in  tanto  omnium 
metu  solus  non  timet,  eo  magis  refert  me  mihi  atque 

17  vobis  timere.  Quare  cum  de  P.  Lentulo  ceterisque 
statuetis,  pro  certo  habetote  vos  simul  de  exercitu 

18  Catilinae  et  de  omnibus  coniuratis  decernere.  Quanto 
vos  attentius  ea  agetis,  tanto  illis  animus  infirmior 
erit ;    si  paululum  modo  vos  languere  viderint,  iam 

10  omnes  feroces  aderunt.  Nolite  existumare  maiores 
nostros  armis  rem  publicam  ex  parva  magnam  fecisse. 

^20  Si  ita  res  esset,  multo  pulcherrumam  eam  nos  habe- 
remus,  quippe  sociorum  atque  civium,  praeterea  ar- 
morum  atque  equorum  maior  copia  nobis  quam  illis 

21  est.  Sed  alia  fuere  quae  illos  magnos  fecere,  quae 
nobis  nulla  sunt ;  domi  industria,  foris  iustum  im- 
perium,  animus   in   consulundo   liber  neque   delicto 

22  neque  lubidini  obnoxius.  Pro  his  nos  habemus  luxu- 
riam  atque  avaritiam,  publice  egestatem,  privatim 
opulentiam.  Laudamus  divitias,  sequimur  inertiam. 
Inter  bonos  et  malos  discrimen  nullum,  omnia  virtutis 

23  praemia  ambitio  possidet.  Neque  mirum  ;  ubi  vos 
separatim  sibi  quisque  consilium  capitis,  ubi  domi 
voluptatibus,  hie  pecuniae  aut  gratiae  servitis,  eo  fit 
ut  impetus  fiat  in  vacuam  rem  publicam, 

104 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  lii.  14-23 

through  fear  that  if  they  remained  in  Rome  the 
adherents  of  the  plot  or  a  hired  mob  would  rescue 
them  by  force.  As  if,  indeed,  there  were  base  and 
criminal  men  only  in  our  city  and  not  all  over  Italy, 
or  as  if  audacity  had  not  greatest  strength  where 
the  power  to  resist  it  is  weakest !  Therefore,  this 
advice  is  utterly  futile  if  Caesar  fears  danger  from 
the  conspirators  ;  but  if  amid  such  general  fear  he 
alone  has  none,  I  have  the  more  reason  to  fear  for 
you  and  for  myself.  Be  assured,  then,  that  when  you 
decide  the  fate  of  Publius  Lentulus  and  the  rest, 
you  will  at  the  same  time  be  passing  judgment  on 
Catiline's  army  and  all  the  conspirators.  The  more 
vigorous  your  action,  the  less  will  be  their  courage ; 
but  if  they  detect  the  slightest  weakness  on  your 
part,  they  will  all  be  here  immediately,  filled  with 
reckless  daring.  Do  not  suppose  that  it  was  by  arms 
that  our  forefathers  raised  our  country  from  obscurity 
to  greatness.  If  that  were  so,  we  should  have  a  much 
fairer  state  than  theirs,  since  we  have  a  greater 
number  of  citizens  and  allies  than  they  possessed, 
to  say  nothing  of  arms  and  horses.  But  there  were 
other  qualities  which  made  them  great,  which  we  do 
not  possess  at  all :  efficiency  at  home,  a  just  rule 
abroad,  in  counsel  an  independent  spirit  free  from 
guilt  or  passion.  In  place  of  these  we  have  extrava- 
gance and  greed,  public  poverty  and  private  opulence. 
We  extol  wealth  and  foster  idleness.  We  make  no 
distinction  between  good  men  and  bad,  and  ambition 
appropriates  all  the  prizes  of  merit.  And  no  wonder ! 
When  each  of  you  schemes  for  his  own  private  in- 
terests, when  you  are  slaves  to  pleasure  in  your 
homes  and  to  money  or  influence  here,  the  natural 
I'esult  is  an  attack  upon  the  defenceless  republic. 

105 


SALLUST 

24  "  Sed  ego  haec  omitto.  Coniuravere  nobilissumi 
cives  patriam  incendere,  Gallorum  gentem  infestis- 
sumam  nomini  Romano  ad  bellum  arcessunt.     Dux 

25  hostium  cum  exercitu  supra  caput  est.  Vqs  cuncta- 
mini    etiam    nunc    et    dubitatis    quid    intra    moenia 

26  deprensis  hostibus  faciatis?  Misereamini  censeo — 
deliquere  homines  adulescentuli   per  ambitionem — 

27  atque  etiam  armatos  dimittatis.  Ne  ista  vobis  man- 
suetudo    et   misericordia,   si    illi   arma    ceperint,   in 

28  miseriam  convortat.  Scilicet  res  ipsa  aspera  est,  sed 
vos  non  timetis  eam.  Immo  vero  maxume ;  sed 
inertia  et  moUitia  animi  alius  alium  exspectantes 
cunctamini_,  videlicet  dis  immortalibus  confisi,  qui 
banc  rem  publicam  saepe  in  maxumis  periculis  ser- 

29  vavere.  Non  votis  neque  suppliciis  muliebribus 
auxilia  deorum  parantur ;  vigilando,  agundo,  bene 
consulundo  prospera  omnia  cedunt.  Ubi  socordiae 
te  atque  ignaviae  tradideris,  nequiquam  deos  im- 
plores ;  irati  infestique  sunt. 

30  "Apud  maiores  nostros  A.  Manlius  Torquatus 
bello  Gallico  filium  suum,  quod  is  contra  imperium 

31  in  hostem  pugnaverat,  necari  iussit^  atque  ille  egre- 
gius  adulescens  immoderatae  fortitudinis  morte  poe- 

32  nas  dedit.  Vos  de  crudelissumis  parricidis  quid 
statuatis   cunctamini  ?     Videlicet  cetera  vita  eorum 

33  huic  sceleri  obstat.  Verum^  parcite  dignitati  Lentuli, 
si  ipse  pudicitiae,  si  famae  suae,  si  dis  aut  hominibus 

^  P,  V  and  other  good  mss.  have  vero. 

^  An  error  for  TitUvS. 
lo6 


THE   WAR    WITH    CATILINE,  ui.  24-33 

"  But  I  let  that  pass.    Citizens  of  the  highest  rank 
have  conspired  to  fire  their  native  city,  they  stir  up 
to  war  the  Gauls,  bitterest  enemies  of  the  Roman 
people.     The  leader  of  the  enemy  with  his  army  is 
upon  us.     Do  you  even  now  hesitate  and  doubtfully 
ask  yourselves  what  is  to  be  done  with  foemen  taken 
within  your  walls.?     Have  compassion  upon  them, 
I  conjure  you  (they  are  but  young  men,  led   astray 
by  ambition),   and  even  let   them  go,  taking  their 
arms  with  them !     Of  a  truth,  if  they  should  resort 
to  war,  that  gentleness  and  long-suffering  of  yours 
would  result  in  suffering.     No  doubt  the   situation 
is  a  terrible  one,  you  say,  but   you  are    not  afraid 
of  it.     Nay,  but  you  do  fear  it  exceedingly,  though 
from   slothfulness  and  weakness  of  spirit  you   hesi- 
tate, waiting  one  for   the  other,  doubtless  trusting 
to  the  immortal    gods,  who    have  often    saved    our 
country  in    moments   of  extreme  danger.      Not   by 
vows  nor  womanish  entreaties  is  the  help  of  the  gods 
secured ;  it  is  always  through  watchfulness,  vigorous 
action,  and  wisdom  in  counsel  that   success  comes. 
When  you  abandon  yourself  to  cowardice  and  base- 
ness, it  is  vain    to  call    upon    the    gods;    they  are 
offended  and  hostile. 

"In  the  days  of  our  forefathers  Aulus^  Manlius 
Torquatus,  while  warring  with  the  Gauls,  ordered 
the  execution  of  his  own  son,  because  he  had  fought 
against  the  enemy  contrary  to  orders,  and  the  gallant 
young  man  paid  the  penalty  for  too  great  valour  with 
his  life.  Do  you  hesitate  what  punishment  to  inflict 
upon  the  most  ruthless  traitors.?  No  doubt  their 
past  lives  have  been  such  as  to  palliate  this  crime  ! 
By  all  means  spare  Lentulus  because  of  his  rank,  if 
he  ever  spai-ed  his  own  chastity,  his  good  name,  or 

107 


SALLUST 

umquam  ullis   pepercit.     Ignoscite   Cethegi   adules- 

34  centiae,  nisi  iterum  patriae  bellum  fecit.  Nam  quid 
ego  de  Gabinio,  Statilio,  Caepario  loquar?  Quil>us 
si  quicquam  umquam  pensi  fuisset,  non  ea  consilia 
de  re  publica  habuissent. 

35  "  Postremo,  patres  conscripti,  si  mehercule  pec- 
cato  locus  esset,  facile  paterer  vos  ipsa  re  corrigi, 
quoniam  verba  contemn itis.  Sed  undique  circum- 
venti  sumus.  Catilina  cum  exercitu  faucibus^  urget; 
alii  intra  moenia  atque  in  sinu  urbis  sunt  hostes  ; 
neque  parari  neque  consuli  quicquam  potest  occulte ; 

36  quo  magis  properandum  est.  Quare  ego  ita  censeo  : 
cum  nefario  consilio  sceleratorum  civium  res  publica 
in  maxuma  pericula  venerit,  eique  indicio  T.  ^^olturci 
et  legatorum  AUobrogum  convicti  confessique  sint 
caedem,  incendia  aliaque  se  foeda  atque  crudelia 
facinora  in  civis  patriamque  paravisse,  de  confessis, 
sicuti  de  manufestis  rerum  capitalium,  more  maiorum 
supplicium  sumundum." 

LIII.    Postquam   Cato  assedit,   consulares    omnes 
itemque    senatus   magna   pars   sententiam   eius   lau- 

^  in  faucibus  Etruriae  agit,  Linker. 

^  That  is,  if  there  were  time  to  correct  an  error  once  made. 

•^  Although  the  conspirators  had  only  planned  these  crimes 
and  had  been  prevented  from  committing  them,  because  of 
their  confession  they  should  be  punished  as  if  they  had  been 
caught  in  the  act  of  perpetrating  theni. 

|o8 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  ui.  33-Liii.  i 

anyone,  god  or  man.  Pardon  the  youth  of  Cethegus, 
if  this  is  not  the  second  time  that  lie  has  made  war 
upon  his  country.  And  what  shall  I  say  of  Gabinius, 
Statilius,  and  Caeparius,  who  would  never  have  formed 
such  designs  against  the  republic  if  they  had  ever 
respected  anything? 

''  Finally,  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  if  (Heaven 
help  us !)  there  were  any  room  for  error  ^  I  should 
be  quite  willing  to  let  you  learn  wisdom  by  experi- 
ence, since  you  scorn  my  advice.  But  as  it  is,  we 
are  beset  on  every  side.  Catiline  with  his  army  is 
at  our  throats ;  other  foes  are  within  our  walls,  aye, 
in  the  very  heart  of  Rome.  Neither  preparations 
nor  plans  can  be  kept  secret ;  therefore  the  more 
need  of  haste.  This,  then,  is  my  recommendation  : 
whereas  our  country  has  been  subjected  to  the  great- 
est peril  through  the  abominable  plot  of  wicked 
citizens,  and  whereas  they  have  been  proven  guilty 
by  the  testimony  of  Titus  Volturcius  and  the  envoys 
of  the  AUobroges,  and  have  confessed  that  they  have 
planned  murder,  arson,  and  other  fearful  and  cruel 
crimes  against  their  fellow  citizens  and  their  country, 
let  those  who  have  confessed  be  treated  as  though 
they  had  been  caught  red-handed  in  capital  of- 
fences,^  and  be  punished  after  the  manner  of  our 
forefathers."  ^ 

LIII.  As  soon  as  Cato  had  taken  his  seat,  all  the 
ex-consuls,  as  well  as  a  great  part  of  the  other  sena- 
tors, praised  his  proposal  and  lauded  his  courage  to 

'  The  meaning  apparently  is  that  tliey  be  not  allowed 
the  choice  of  exile.  Some  have  thought  that  Cato  recom- 
mended the  specific  supplicium  de  more  maiorum  described  in 
Suetonius,  Nero  49,  but  there  are  many  reasons  for  rejecting 
this  view.  See  Oldfather  in  Trans.  Amer.  Phil.  Assoc. 
xxxix.  49  ff. 

1.09 


SALLUST 

dant,  virtuteni  animi  ad  caelum  ferunt,  alii  alios 
increpantes  timidos  vocant.  Cato  clarus  atque 
magnus  habetur ;  senati  decretum  fit  sicuti  ille 
censuerat. 

2  Sed  mihi  multa  legenti  miilta  audienti  quae  popu- 
lus  Romanus  domi  militiaeque,  mari  atque  terra, 
praeclara  facinora  fecit,  forte  lubuit  attendere  quae 

3  res  maxume  tanta  negotia  sustinuisset.  Sciebam 
saepe  numero  parva  nianu  cum  magnis  legionibus 
hostium  contendisse  ;  cognoveram  parvis  copiis  bella 
gesta  cum  opulentis  regibus,  ad  hoc  saepe  fortunae 
violentiam  toleravisse  ;  facundia  Graecos,  gloria  belli 

4  Gallos  ante  Romanos  fuisse.  Ac  mihi  multa  agitanti 
constabat  paucorum  civium  egregiam  virtutem  cuncta 
patravisse  eoque  factum  uti  divitias  paupertas,  mul- 

5  titudi;iem  paucitas  superaret.  Sed  postquam  luxu 
atque  desidia  civitas  corrupta  est,  rursus  res  publica 
magnitudine  sua  imperatorum  atque  magistratuum 
vitia  sustentabat  ac,  sicuti  effeta  parente,^  multis 
tempestatibus   haud   sane   quisquam    Romae   virtute 

6  magnus  fuit.  Sed  memoria  mea  ingenti  virtute, 
divorsis  moribus  fuere  viri  duo,  M.  Cato  et  C.  Caesar; 
quos  quoniam  res  obtulerat,  silentio  praeterire  non 
fuit  consilium,  quin  utriusque  naturam  et  mores, 
quantum  ingenio  possum,^  aperirem. 

LIV.    Igitur    eis    genus,    aetas,    eloquentia   prope 

^  effeta  parente,    .some    inftrior   mss. ;    tJie   beat   7nss.    Jiave 
effeta  parentutn  ;  effeta  vi  parentum,  Ritschl. 
'^  Some  (jood  mss.  leave  posseni. 

I  lO 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  liii.  i-liv.  i 

the  skies,  while  they  taxed  one  another  with  timor- 
ousness.  Cato  was  hailed  as  great  and  noble,  and  a 
decree  of  the  senate  was  passed  in  accordance  with 
his  recommendation. 

For  my  own  part,  as  I  read  and  heard  of  the  many 
illustrious  deeds  of  the  Roman  people  at  home  and 
abroad,  on  land  and  sea,  it  chanced  that  I  was  seized 
by  a  strong  desire  of  finding  out  what  quality  in  par- 
ticular had  been  the  foundation  of  so  great  exploits. 
I  knew  that  often  with  a  handful  of  men  they  had 
encountered  great  armies  of  the  enemy ;  I  was  aware 
that  with  small  resources  they  had  waged  wars  with 
mighty  kings ;  also  that  they  had  often  experienced 
the  cruelty  of  Fortune ;  that  the  Romans  had  been 
surpassed  by  the  Greeks  in  eloquence  and  by  the 
Gauls  in  warlike  glory.  After  long  reflection  I  be- , 
came  convinced  that  it  had  all  been  accomplished  j 
by  the  eminent  merit  of  a  few  citizens ;  that  it  was 
due  to  them  that  poverty  had  triumphed  over  riches, 
and  a  few  over  a  multitude.  But  after  the  state  had 
become  demoralized  by  extravagance  and  sloth,  it 
was  the  commonwealth  in  its  turn  that  was  enabled 
by  its  greatness  to  sustain  the  shortcomings  of  its 
generals  and  magistrates,  and  for  a  long  time,  as 
when  a  mother  is  exhausted  by  child-bearing,  no 
one  at  all  was  produced  at  Rome  who  was  great  in 
merit.  But  within  my  own  memory  there  have  ap- 
peared two  men  of  towering  merit,  though  of  diverse 
character,  Marcus  Cato  and  Gaius  Caesar.  As  regards 
these  men,  since  the  occasion  has  presented  itself,  it 
is  not  my  intention  to  pass  them  by  in  silence,  or 
fail  to  give,  to  the  best  of  my  ability,  an  account  of 
their  disposition  and  character. 

LIV.  In   birth  then,  in   years  and  in  eloquence, 

III 


SALLUST 

aequalia  fuere,  magnitudo  animi  par^  item  gloria,  sed 

2  alia  alii.  Caesar  beneficiis  ac  munificentia  magnus 
habebatur,  integritate  vitae  Cato.  Ille  mansuetu- 
dine    et    misericordia    clarus    factus,    huic    severitas 

3  dignitatem  addiderat.  Caesar  dando,  sublevando, 
ignoscundo,  Cato  nihil  largiundo  gloriam  adeptus 
est.  In  altero  miseris  perfugium  erat,  in  altero 
malis    pernicies.       Illius    facilitas,    huiiis    constantia 

4  laudabatiir.  Postremo  Caesar  in  animum  induxerat 
laborare,  vigilare ;  negotiis  amicorum  intentus  sua 
neglegere,  nihil  denegare  quod  dono  dignum  esset ; 
sibi   magnum    imperium,   exercitum,   bellum   novom 

5  exoptabat,  ubi  virtus  enitescere  posset.  At  Catoni 
studium  modestiae,  decoris,  sed  maxume  severitatis 

6  erat.  Non  divitiis  cum  divite  neque  factione  cum 
factioso,  sed  cum  strenuo  virtute,  cum  modesto  pu- 
dore,  cum  innocente  abstinentia  certabat ;  esse  quam 
videri  bonus  malebat ;  ita  quo  minus  petebat  gloriam, 
eo  magis  ilium  assequebatur. 

LV.  Postquam,  ut  dixi,  senatus  in  Catonis  senten- 
tiam  discessit,  consul  optumum  factu  ratus  noctem 
quae  instabat  antecapere,  ne  quid  eo  spatio  novare- 
tur,  triumviros  quae  id  supplicium  postulabat  parare 


^  But  see  Suetonius,  Jul.  19.  1,  where  Cato  is  said  to  have 
connived  at  bribery  in  order  to  secure  the  election  of  Bibulus 
as  Caesar's  colleague  in  the  consulship. 

^  One  for  which  he  had  the  entire  responsibility  {cf.  Livy 
9.  42.  3  and  31.  8.  6).  Perhaps  said  in  disparagement  of 
Pompey,  who  finished  wars  begun  by  other  men. 

1 12 


iTHC  WAR;  WITH  CATILINE,  ijv.  i-lv.  i 

they  were  about  equal ;  in  greatness  of  soul  they 
were  evenl}"^  matched,  and  likewise  in  renown,  al- 
though the  renown  of  each  was  different.  Caesai* 
was  held  great  because  of  his  benefactions  and  lavish 
generosity,  Cato  for  the  uprightness  of  his  life.  The 
former  became  famous  for  his  gentleness  and  com- 
passion, the  austerity  of  the  latter  had  brought  him 
prestige.  Caesar  gained  glory  by  giving,  helping,  and 
forgiving;  Catp  by  never  stooping  to  bribery. ^  One 
was  a  refuge  for  the  unfortunate,  the  other  a  scourge 
for  the  wicked.  Tfie  good  nature  of  the  one  was 
applauded,  the  steadfastness  of  the  other.  Finally, 
Caesar  had  schooled  himself  to  work  hard  and  sleep 
little,  to  devote  himself  to  the  welfare  of  his  friends 
and  neglect  his  own,  to  refuse  nothing  which  was 
worth  the  giving.  He  longed  for  great  power,  an 
army,  a  new  ^  war  to  give  scope  for  his  brilliant  merit. 
Cato,  on  the  contrary,  cultivated  self-control,  pro- 
priety, but  above  all  austerity.  He  did  not  vie  with 
the  rich  in  riches  nor  in  intrigue  with  the  intriguer, 
but  with  the  active  in  good  works,  with  the  self- 
restrained  in  moderation,  with  the  blameless  in  in- 
tegrity. He  preferred  to  be,  rather  than  to  seem, 
virtuous ;  ^  hence  the  less  he  sought  fame,  the  more 
it  pursued  him. 

LV.  After  the  senate  had  adopted  the  recommen- 
dation of  Cato,  as  I  have  said,  the  consul  thought  it 
best  to  forestall  any  new  movement  during  the  ap- 
proaching night.  He  therefore  ordered  the  trium- 
virs*  to   make    the   necessary  preparations    for  the 

'  cf.  Aeschylus,  Seven  against  Thebes,  589  :  ov  yap  SokcTv 
6.pL<TTos,  aA\'  ilvai  Oehei. 

*  The  tresviri  capitales  were  minor  magistrates  who  had 
charge  of  prisons  and  executions  and  performed  certain  police 
duties. 

1^3 


SALLUST 

2  iubet,  ipse  praesidiis  dispositis  Lentulum  in  carcerem 
deducit ;  idem  fit  ceteris  per  praetores, 

3  Est  in  carcere  locus,  quod  Tullianum  appellatur, 
ubi  paululum  ascenderis  ^  ad  laevam,  circiter  duode- 

4  cim  pedes  humi  depressus.  Eum  muniunt  undique 
parietes  atque  insuper  camera  lapideis  fornicibus 
iuncta :    sed    incultu,    tenebris,    odore    foeda   atque 

5  terribilis  eius  facies  est.  In  eum  locum  postquam 
demissus   est   Lentulus,  vnidices  rerum    capitalium^ 

6  quibus  praeceptum  erat,  laqueo  gulam  fregere.  Ita 
ille  patricius  ex  gente  clarissuma  Corneliorum,  qui 
consulare  imperium  Romae  habuerat,  dignum  mori- 
bus  factisque  suis  exitium^  vitae  invenit.  De  Cethego^ 
Statilio,  Gabinio,  Caepario,  eodem  modo  supplicium 
sumptum  est. 

LVI.   Dum  ea  Romae  geruntur,  Catilina  ex  omni 
copia  quam  et  ipse  adduxerat  et  Manlius  habuerat 

2  duas  legiones  instituit,  cohortis  pro  numero  militum 
complet ;  deiiide,  ut  quisque  voluntarius  aut  ex  sociis 
in  castra  venerat,  aequaliter  distribuerat,  ac  brevi 
spatio    legiones   numero   hominum   expleverat,   cum 

3  initio  non  amplius  duobus  milibus  habuisset.  Sed 
ex  omni  copia  circiter  pars  quarta  erat   militaribus 

^  A  few  inferior  mss.  have  descenderis. 
'■^  A  few  inferior  mss.  hare  exitum. 


^  This  statement  can  hardly  be  reconciled  with  the 
existing  remains  ;  the  rest  of  the  description  is  clear  and 
applies  to  the  Career,  the  so-called  ',' Mamertine  Prison," 
near  the  north-western  corner  of  the  Roman  Forum. 

^  It  was  probably  an  old  spring-house  and  derived  its  name 
from  an  early  Latin  word  tullius,  meaning  "spring,"  although 

114 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  lv.  i-lvi.  3 

execution.  After  setting  guards,  he  personally  led 
Lentulus  to  the  dungeon_,  while  the  praetors  per- 
formed the  same  office  for  the  others. 

In  the  prison,  when  you  have  gone  up  a  little  way 
tow^ards  the  left,^  there  is  a  place  called  the  Tulli- 
anum,2  about  twelve  feet  below  the  surface  of  the 
ground.  It  is  enclosed  on  all  sides  by  w^alls,  and 
above  it  is  a  chamber  with  a  vaulted  roof  of  stone. 
Neglect,  darkness,  and  stench  make  it  hideous  and 
fearsome  to  behold.  Into  this  place  Lentulus  was 
let  down,  and  then  the  executioners  ^  carried  out 
their  orders  and  strangled  him.  Thus  that  patrician, 
of  the  illustrious  stock  of  the  Cornelii,  who  had 
held  consular  authority  at  Rome,  ended  his  life  in 
a  manner  befitting  his  character  and  his  crimes. 
Cethegus,  Statilius,  Gabinius,  and  Caeparius  suffered 
the  same  punishment. 

LVI,  While  this  was  taking  })lace  in  Rome,  Cati- 
line combined  the  forces  which  he  had  brought  with 
him  with  those  which  Manlius  already  had,  and 
fomied  two  legions,  filling  up  the  cohorts  so  far  as 
the  number  of  his  soldiers  permitted.^  Then  dis- 
tributing among  them  equally  such  volunteers  or 
conspirators  as  came  to  the  camp,  he  soon  completed 
the  full  quota  of  the  legions,  although  in  the  be- 
ginning he  had  no  more  than  two  thousand  men. 
But  only  about  a  fourth  part  of  the  entire  force  was 

the  Romans  themselves  connected  it  with  Servius  Tullius. 
See  Platner,  Topography  of  Rome,  pp.  251  f. 

'  The  camificeH,  servants  of  the  tresviri,  or  perhaps  thoae 
officials  themselves  ;  see  Cic.  de  Leg.  3.  8.  6. 

*  That  is,  he  made  two  legions  of  ten  cohorts  each,  but  the 
number  in  each  cohort  was  below  the  normal  one  until  he 
filled  it  up  from  the  volunteers  and  conspirators  that  came 
into  his  camp.  At  first  he  had  two  thousand  men  ;  at  last, 
two  full  legions. 

115 
1  2 


SALLUST 

armis  instructa,  ceteii,  ut  queniqiie  casus  armaverat, 
sparos  aut  lanceas,  alii  praeacutas  sudis  portabant. 

4  Sed  postquam  Antoriius  cum  exercitu  adventabat, 
Catilina  per  montis  iter  facere,  modo  ad  urbem  modo 
Galliam  ^  vorsus  castra  movere^  hostibus  occasioiiem 
pugnandi  non  dare ;  sperabat  prope  diem  magnas 
copias  sese  habiturum,  si  Romae  socii  incepta  patra- 

5  visseiit.  Interea  servitia  repudiabat,  cuius  initio  ad 
eum  magnae  copiae  concurrebant,  opibus  coniura- 
tionis  fretus,  simul  alienum  suis  rationibus  existu- 
mans  videri  causam  civium  cum  servis  fugitivis  com- 
municavisse. 

LVII.  Sed  postquam  in  castra  nuntius  pervenit, 
Romae  coniurationem  patefactam,  de  Lentulo  et 
Cethego  ceterisque  quos  supra  memoravi  suppli- 
cium  sumptum,  plerique,  quos  ad  bellum  spes  rapi- 
narum  aut  novarum  rerum  studium  illexerat,  dila- 
buntur,  reliquos  Catilina  per  montis  asperos  magnis 
itineribus  in  agrum  Pistoriensem  abducit  eo  consilio, 
uti  per  tramites  occulte  perfugeret  in  Galliam  Trans- 

2  alpinam.  At  Q.  Metellus  Celer  cum  tribus  legioni- 
bus  in  agro  Piceno  praesidebat,  ex  difficultate  rerum 
eadem  ilia  existumans  quae  supra  diximus  Catilinam 

3  agitare.  Igitur  ubi  iter  eius  ex  perfugis  cognovit, 
castra  propere  movit  ac  sub  ipsis  radicibus  montium 
consedit,  qua  illi  descensus  erat  in  Galliam  prope- 

^  in  Galliam,  Prise,  ii.  514,  22  k  ;  the  best  mss.  omit  in. 

^  The  yladius  (sword),  pilam  (pike),  scutum  (shield),  lorica 
(coat  of  mail),  cassis  (helmet),  and  ocreae  (greaves). 

ii6 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  lvi.  3-Lvii.  3 

provided  with  regular  arms.^  The  others  carried 
whatever  weapons  chance  had  given  them  ;  namely, 
javelins  or  lances,  or  in  some  cases  pointed  stakes. 

When  Antonius  was  drawing  near  with  his  army, 
Catiline  marched  through  the  mountains,  moved  his 
camp  now  towards  the  city  and  now  in  the  direction 
of  Gaul,  and  gave  the  enemy  no  opportunity  for 
battle,  hoping  shortly  to  have  a  large  force  if  the 
conspirators  at  Rome  succeeded  in  carrying  out  their 
plans.  Meanwhile  he  refused  to  enroll  slaves,  a  great 
number  of  whom  flocked  to  him  at  first,  because 
he  had  confidence  in  the  strength  of  the  conspiracy 
and  at  the  same  time  thought  it  inconsistent  with 
his  designs  to  appear  to  have  given  runaway  slaves 
a  share  in  a  citizens'  cause.  ^ 

LVn.  But  when  news  reached,  the  camp  that  the 
plot  had  been  discovered  at  Rome,  and  that  Lentulus, 
Cethegus,  and  the  others  whom  I  mentioned  had 
been  done  to  death,  very  many  of  those  whom  the 
hope  of  pillage  or  desire  for  revolution  had  led  to 
take  up  arms  began  to  desert.  The  remainder  Cati- 
line led  by  forced  marches  over  rugged  mountains 
to  the  neighbourhood  of  Pistoria,  intending  to  escape 
secretly  by  cross-roads  into  Transalpine  Gaul.  But 
Quintus  Metellus  Celer,  with  three  legions,  was  on 
the  watch  in  the  Picene  district,  inferring  from  the 
difficulty  of  the  enemy's  position  that  he  would  take 
the  very  course  which  I  have  mentioned.  Accord- 
ingly, when  he  learned  through  deserters  in  what 
direction  Catiline  was  going,  he  quickly  moved  his 
camp  and  took  up  a  position  at  the  foot  of  the  very 
mountains  from  which  the  conspirator  would  have  to 

■^  On   the  attitude  towards  the  military  service  of  slaves 
and  freedmen,  see  Suetonius,  Aug,  25, 

U7 


SALLUST 

4  ranti.  Neque  tamen  Antonius  procul  aberat^  iitpote 
qui  magiio    exercitu    locis    aequioribus    expedite  in 

5  fuga^  sequeretur.  Sed  Catilina,  postquani  videt 
montibus  atque  copiis  hostiuin  sese  clausum,  in  urbe 
res  advorsas^  neque  fugae  neque  praesidi  ullani  speni^ 
optumum  factu  ratus  in  tali  re  fortunam  belli  temp- 
tare,  statuit  cum  Antonio  quam  primum  confligere. 
Itaque  contione  advocata  huiuscemodi  orationem 
habuit. 

LVIII.  "Compertum  ego  habeo,  milites,  verba 
virtutem  non  addere,  neque  ex  ignavo  strenuum 
neque  fortem  ex  timido  exercitum  oratione  impera- 

2  toris  fieri.  Quanta  cuiusque  animo  audacia  natura 
aut  moribus  inest,  tanta  in  bello  patere  solet.  Quern 
neque    gloria    neque    pericula    excitant,    nequiquam 

3  hortere  ;  timor  animi  auribus  officit.  Sed  ego  vos, 
quo  pauca  monerem,  advocavi,  simul  uti  causam  niei 
consili  aperirem. 

4  "  Scitis  equidem,  milites,  socordia  atque  ignavia 
Lentuli  quantam  ipsi  nobisque  cladem  attulerit  quo- 
que  modo,  dum  ex  urbe  praesidia  opperior,  in  Gal- 

5  liam  proficisci  nequiverim.      Nunc  vero  quo  loco  res 

6  nostrae  sint,  iuxta  mecum  omnes  intellegitis.  Exer- 
citus  hostium  duo,  unus  ab  urbe  alter  a  Gallia 
obstant.  Diutius  in  his  locis  esse,  si  maxume  animus 
ferat,   frumenti   atque   aliarum    rerum    egestas    pro- 

*  expedite,  Wirz  ;  the  best  ?n.s,s\  have  expedites  in  fuga  {a 
few  have  fugain) ;  some  inferior  77is,'<.  have  expeditus  in  fuga  ; 
Jordan  and  othem  omit  in  fuga. 

Il8 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  lvii.  3-Lviii.  6 

descend  in  his  flight  into  Gaul.  Antonius  also  was 
not  far  distant,  since  he  was  following  the  fleeing 
rebels  over  more  level  ground  with  an  army  which, 
though  large,  was  lightly  equipped. ^  Now,  when 
Catiline  perceived  that  he  was  shut  in  between  the 
mountains  and  the  forces  of  his  enemies,  that  his 
plans  in  the  city  had  failed,  and  that  he  had  hope 
neither  of  escape  nor  reinforcements,  thinking  it  best 
in  such  a  crisis  to  try  the  fortune  of  battle,  he  decided 
to  engage  Antonius  as  soon  as  possible.  Accordingly 
he  assembled  his  troops  and  addressed  them  in  a 
speech  of  the  following  purport : 

LVII  I.  "  I  am  well  aware,  soldiers,  that  words  do 
not  supply  valour,  and  that  a  spiritless  army  is  not 
made  vigorous,  or  a  timid  one  stout-hearted,  by  a 
speech  from  its  commander.  Only  that  degree  of 
courage  which  is  in  each  man's  heart  either  by  dis- 
position or  by  habit,  is  wont  to  be  revealed  in  battle. 
It  is  vain  to  exhort  one  who  is  roused  neither  by 
glory  nor  by  dangers  ;  the  fear  he  feels  in  his  heart 
closes  his  ears.  I  have,  however,  called  you  togethei' 
to  offer  a  few  words  of  advice,  and  at  the  same  time 
to  explain  the  reason  for  my  resolution. 

"You  know  perfectly  well,  soldiers,  how  great  is 
the  disaster  that  the  incapacity  and  cowardice  of 
Lentulus  have  brought  upon  himself  and  us,  and 
how,  waiting  for  reinforcements  from  the  city,  I 
could  not  march  into  Gaul.  At  this  present  time, 
moreover,  you  understand  as  well  as  I  do  in  what 
condition  our  affairs  stand.  Two  hostile  armies, 
one  towards  Rome,  the  other  towards  Gaul,  block 
our  way.  We  cannot  remain  longer  where  we 
Are,    however  much  we    may   desire   it,  because    of 

^  Text  and  meaning  are  uncertain  ;  see  the  critical  note. 

119 


SALLUST 

7  hibet.     Quocumque  ire  placet,  ferro  iter  aperiundum 

8  est.  Qua  propter  vos  inoiieo  uti  forti  atque  parato 
animo  sitis  et,  cum  proelium  inibitis,  niemineritis 
vos    divitias,    decus,    gloriam,    praeterea    libertatem 

9  atque  patriam  in  dextris  vostris  portare.  Si  vinci- 
mus_,  omnia  nobis  tuta  erunt,  commeatus  abunde, 
raunicipia  atque  coloniae  patebunt ;  si^  metu  cesseri- 

10  mus,  eadem  ilia  advorsa  fient,  neque  locus  neque 
amicus    quisquam    teget    quem    arma  non   texerint. 

11  Praeterea,  milites,  non  eadem  nobis  et  illis  necessi- 
tudo  impendet ;  nos  pro  patria,  pro  libertate,  pro 
vita  certamus,  illis  supervacuaneum  est  pro  potentia 

12  paucorum  pugnare.  Quo  audacius  aggrediamini,^ 
memores  pristinae  virtutis. 

13  "^Licuit  vobis^  cum  summa  turpitudine  in  exsilio 
aetatem  agere,   potuistis   non    nulli  Romae,  amissis 

14  bonis,  alienas  opes  expectare  ;  quia  ilia  foeda  atque 
intoleranda  viris  videbantur,  haec  sequi  decrevistis. 

15  Si  haec  relinquere  voltis,  audacia  opus  est;    nemo 

16  nisi  victor  pace  bellum  mutavit.  Nam  in  fuga  salu- 
tem  sperare,  cum   arma,  quibus   corpus   tegitur,  ab 

17  hostibus  avorteris,  ea  vero  dementia  est.  Semper  in 
proelio  eis  maxumum  est  periculum  qui  maxume 
timent,  audacia  pro  muro  habetur. 

18  "Cum  vos  considero,  milites,  et  cum  facta  vostra 

19  aestumo,  magna  me  spes  victoriae  tenet.  Animus, 
aetas,  virtus  vostra  me  hortantur,  praeterea  necessi- 

20  tudo,  (juae  etiam  timidos  fortis  facit.  Nam  multi- 
tudo    hostium     ne    circumvenire    queat,    prohibent 

^  sin,  Kritz.         ^  agredimini,  V  and  some  other  good  inss. 
^  nobis,  P  and  some  other  good  codices. 

I20 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  lviii.  6-20 

lack  of  grain  and  other  necessities.  Wlierever 
we  decide  to  go,  we  must  hew  a  path  Avith  the 
sword.  Therefore  I  counsel  you  to  be  brave  and 
ready  of  spirit,  and  when  you  enter  the  battle  to 
remember  that  you  carry  in  your  own  right  hands 
riches,  honour,  glory ;  yea,  even  freedom  and  your 
native  land.  If  we  win,  complete  security  will  be 
ours,  supplies  will  abound,  free  towns  and  colonies 
will  open  their  gates ;  but  if  we  yield  to  fear,  the 
very  reverse  will  be  true  :  no  place  and  no  friend 
will  guard  the  man  whom  arms  could  not  protect. 
Moreover,  soldiers,  we  and  our  opponents  are  not 
facing  the  same  exigency.  We  are  battling  for 
country,  for  freedom,  for  life  ;  theirs  is  a  futile  con- 
test, to  uphold  the  power  of  a  few  men.  March  on, 
therefore,  with  the  greater  courage,  mindful  of  your 
former  valour. 

'^  You  might  have  passed  your  life  in  exile  and  in 
utter  infamy,  at  Rome  some  of  you  might  look  to 
others  for  aid  after  losing  your  estates  ;  but  since 
such  conditions  seemed  base  and  intolerable  to  true 
men,  you  decided  upon  this  course.  If  you  wish  to 
forsake  it,  you  have  need  of  boldness  ;  none  save  the 
victor  exchanges  war  for  peace.  To  hope  for  safety 
in  flight  when  you  have  turned  away  from  the  enemy 
the  arms  which  should  protect  your  body,  is  surely 
the  height  of  madness.  In  battle  the  greatest  danger 
always  threatens  those  who  show  the  greatest  fear ; 
boldness  is  a  bulwark. 

"  When  I  think  on  you,  my  soldiers,  and  weigh 
your  deeds,  I  have  high  hopes  of  victory.  Your 
spirit,  youth,  and  valour  give  me  heart,  not  to  men- 
tion necessity,  which  makes  even  the  timid  brave. 
In  this  narrow  defile  the   superior  numbers  of  the 

121 


SALLUST 

21  angustiae  loci.  Quod  si  virtuti  vostrae  fortuna  iii- 
viderit,  cavete  inulti  animam  amittatis^  neu  capti 
potius  sicuti  pecora  trucidemini  quam  viroriim  more 
pugnantes  cruentam  atque  luctuosam  victoriam 
hostibus  relinquatis. 

LIX.  Haec  ubi  dixit,  paululum  commoratus  signa 
canere  iubet  atque  instrtictos  ordines  in  locum 
aequum  deducit.  Dein  remotis  omnium  equis,  quo 
militibus  exaequato  periculo  animus  amplior  esset, 
ipse  pedes  exercitum  pro  loco  atque  copiis  instruit. 

2  Nam  uti  planities  erat  inter  sinistros  montis  et  ab 
dextra  ^  rupe  aspera,  octo  cohortis  in  fronte  consti- 

3  tuit,  reliquarum  signa  in  subsidio  artius  collocat.  Ab 
eis  centuriones  omnis,  lectos  et  evocatos,  praeterea 
ex  gregariis  militibus  optumum  quemque  armatum 
in  primam  aciem  subducit,  C.  Manlium  in  dextra, 
P'aesulanum  quendam  in  sinistra  parte  curare  iubet. 
Ipse  cum  libertis  et  calonibus^  propter  aquilam  ad- 
sistit,  quam  bello  Cimbrico  C.  Marius  in  exercitu 
habuisse  dicebatur. 

4  At  ex  altera  parte  C.  Antonius,  pedibus  aeger, 
quod    proelio    adesse    nequibat    M.    Petreio    legato 

5  exercitum  permittit,  Ille  cohortis  veteranas,  quas 
tumultus  causa  conscripserat,  in  fronte,  post  eas 
ceterum  exercitum  in  subsidiis  locat ;  ipse  equo  cir- 

^  P  and  some  other  good  mss.  have  dextera. 
2  The  best  mss.  read  colonibus  or  coloniis. 

1  cf.  Caesar,  B.O.  1.  25. 

2  The  evocafi  were  veterans  who  after  their  discharge  had 
been    induced   to   enlist   again,    usually   with    the    rank    of 

122 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  lviii.  2o-lix.  5 

enemy  cannot  surround  us.  But  if  Fortune  frowns 
upon  your  bravery,  take  care  not  to  die  unavenged. 
Do  not  be  captured  and  slaughtered  like  cattle,  but, 
fighting  like  heroes,  leave  the  enemy  a  bloody  and 
tearful  victory." 

LIX.  When  he  had  thus  spoken,  after  a  brief  pause 
he  ordered  the  trumpets  to  sound  and  led  his  army 
in  order  of  battle  down  into  the  plain.  Then,  after 
sending  away  all  the  horses,^  in  order  to  make  the 
danger  equal  for  all  and  thus  to  increase  the  soldiers' 
courage,  himself  on  foot  like  the  rest  he  drew  up  his 
army  as  the  situation  and  his  numbers  demanded. 
Since,  namely,  the  plain  was  shut  in  on  the  left  by 
mountains  and  on  the  right  by  rough,  rocky  ground,  he 
posted  eight  cohorts  in  front  and  held  the  rest  in  re- 
serve in  closer  order.  From  these  he  took  the  centu- 
rions, all  the  picked  men  and  reservists,^  as  well  as  the 
best  armed  of  the  ordinary  soldiers,  and  placed  them 
in  the  front  rank.  He  gave  the  charge  of  the  right 
wing  to  Gaius  Manlius,  and  that  of  the  left  to  a  man 
of  Faesulae.  He  himself  with  his  freedmen  and 
the  camp-servants  took  his  place  beside  the  eagle, 
which,  it  was  said,  had  been  in  the  army  of  Gaius 
Marius  during  the  war  with  the  Cimbri. 

On  the  other  side  Gaius  Antonius,  who  was  ill 
with  the  gout^  and  unable  to  enter  the  battle,  en- 
trusted his  army  to  Marcus  Petreius,  his  lieutenant. 
Petreius  placed  in  the  van  the  veteran  cohorts  which 
he  had  enrolled  because  of  the  outbreak,  and  behind 
them  the   rest  of  his  army  in  reserve.      Riding  up 

centurion.  In  this  case  many  of  them  were  probably  old 
feoldiers  of  Sulla. 

^  Cassius  Dio,  37.  39,  asserts  that  Antonius  feigned 
illness,  so  as  not  to  take  tlie  field  against  his  old  associate. 

123 


SALLUST 

cuniiens  unum  quemque  nominans  appellat,  hortatur, 
rogat  ut  meminerint  se  contra  latrones  inermis  ^  pro 
patria,  pro  liberis,  pro  aris  atque  focis  suis  certare. 
6  Homo  militaris,  quod  amplius  annos  triginta  tribunus 
aut  praefectus  aut  legatus  aut  praetor  cum  magna 
gloria  in  exercitu  fuerat,  plerosque  ipsos  factaque 
eorum  fortia  noverat ;  ea  commemorando  militum 
animos  accendebat. 

LX.  Sed  ubi,  omnibus   rebus   exploratis,  Petreius 
tuba  signum   dat,  cohortis  paulatim  incedere  iubet. 

2  Idem  facit  hostium  exercitus.  Postquam  eo  ventum 
est  unde  a  -  ferentariis  proelium  committi  posset,^ 
maxumo    clamore    cum    infestis    signis    concurrunt ; 

3  pila  omittunt^  gladiis  res  geritur.  V^eterani,  pristinae 
virtutis  memores^  comininus  acriter  instare_,  illi  baud 

4  timidi  resistunt ;  maxuma  vi  certatur.  Interea  Cati- 
lina  cum  expeditis  in  prima  acie  vorsari,  laborantibus 
succurrere,  integros  pro  sauciis  arcessere^  omnia  pro- 
videre,  multum  ipse  pugnare^  saepe  hostem  ferire  ; 
strenui  militis  et  boni  imperatoris  officia  simul  exse- 
quebatur. 

5  Petreius  ubi  videt  Catilinam,  contra  ac  ratus  erat, 

^  F  and  other  good  iiiss.  have  inermos. 
^  P  and  other  good  ms8.  omit  a. 
^  Some  good  mss.  have  possit. 

^  That  is,  without  regular  arms  ;  see  chap.  Ivi.  3. 
124 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  ux.  5-lx.  5 

and  down  upon  his  horse,  he  addressed  each  of  his 
men  by  name,  exhorted  him,  and  begged  him  to  re- 
member that  he  was  fighting  against  unarmed  ^  high- 
waymen in  defence  of  his  country,  his  children,  his 
altars,  and  his  hearth.  Being  a  man  of  military  ex- 
perience, who  had  served  in  the  army  with  high 
distinction  for  more  than  thirty  years  as  tribune, 
prefect,  lieutenant,  or  commander,  he  personally 
knew  the  greater  number  of  his  soldiers  and  their 
valorous  deeds  of  arms,  and  by  mentioning  these  he 
fired  the  spirits  of  his  men. 

LX.  When  Petreius,  after  making  all  his  prepara- 
tions, gave  the  signal  with  the  trumpet,  he  ordered 
his  cohorts  to  advance  slowly ;  the  army  of  the  enemy 
followed  their  example. '  After  they  had  reached  a 
point  where  battle  could  be  joined  by  the  skirmish- 
ers,^ the  hostile  armies  rushed  upon  each  other  with 
loud  shouts,  then  threw  down  their  pikes  and  took 
to  the  sword.  The  veterans,  recalling  their  old-time 
prowess,  advanced  bravely  to  close  quarters ;  the 
enemy,  not  lacking  in  courage,  stood  their  ground, 
and  there  was  a  terrific  struggle.  Meanwhile  Cati- 
line, with  his  light-armed  troops,  was  busy  in  the 
van,  aided  those  who  were  hard  pressed,  summoned 
fresh  troops  to  replace  the  wounded,  had  an  eye  to 
everything,  and  at  the  same  time  fought  hard  him- 
self, often  striking  down  the  foe — thus  performing 
at  once  the  duties  of  a  valiant  soldier  and  of  a  skilful 
leader. 

When  Petreius  saw  that  Catiline  was  making  so 

^  The  ferentarii  were  light-armed  infantry  stationed  on  the 
wings,  who  hurled  their  javelins  and  then  retired  behind  the 
battle  line. 

125 


SALLUST 

magna  vi  teiidere,  cohortem  praetoriam  in  medios 
hostis  inducit  eosque  perturbatos  atque  alios  alibi 
resistentis  interficit.      Deinde  utrimque  ex  lateribus 

6  ceteros  aggreditur.     Manlius  et  Faesulanus  in  primis 

7  pugnantes  cadunt.  Catilina  postquam  fusas  copias 
seque  cum  paucis  relictum  videt,  memor  generis 
atque  pristinae  suae  dignitatis  in  confertissumos 
bostis  incurrit  ibique  pugnans  confoditur. 

LXI.    Sed   confecto    proelio    tum    vero    cerneres 
quanta  audacia  quantaque  animi  vis  fuisset  in  exer- 

2  citu  Catilinae.  Nam  fere  quem  quisque  vivos  pug- 
nando    locum    ceperat,    eum    amissa  anima    corpore 

3  tegebat.  Pauci  autem^  quos  medios  cohors  })raetoria 
disiecerat,  paulo  divorsius  sed  omnes  tamen  advorsis 

4  volneribus  conciderant.  Catilina  vero  longe  a  suis 
inter  bostium  cadavera  repertus  est;,  paululum  etiam 
spirans  ferociamque  animi^  quam  babuerat  vivos^  in 

5  voltu  retinens.  Postremo  ex  omni  copia  neque  in 
proelio  neque  in  fuga  quisquam  civis  ingenuus  captus 

C  est ;  ita  cuncti  suae  hostiumque  vitae  iuxta  perper- 
cerant. 

7  Neque  tamen  exercitus  populi  Roman!  lactam  aut 
incruentam  victoriam  adeptus  erat.  Nam  strenuis- 
sumus  quisque  aut  occiderat  in  proelio  aut  graviter 

^  The  praetorian  cohort  was  the  general's  bodyguard,  made 
up  of  selected  infantry  and  cavalry.     Thus  Caesar  (5.  Cr.  1.  40) 

126 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  lx.  5-Lxi.  7 

much  stronger  a  fight  than  he  had  expected,  he  led 
his  praetorian  cohort  ^  against  the  enemy's  centre, 
threw  them  into  confusion,  and  slew  those  who  re- 
sisted in  various  parts  of  the  field ;  then  he  attacked 
the  rest  on  both  Hanks  at  once.  Manlius  and  the 
man  from  Faesulae  were  among  the  first  to  fall, 
sword  in  hand.  When  Catiline  saw  that  his  army 
was  routed  and  that  he  was  left  with  a  mere 
handful  of  men,  mindful  of  his  birth  and  former 
rank  he  plunged  into  the  thickest  of  the  enemy 
and  there  fell  fighting,  his  body  pierced  through 
and  through. 

LXI.  When  the  battle  was  ended  it  became  evi- 
dent what  boldness  and  resolution  had  pervaded  Cati- 
line's army.  For  almost  every  man  covered  with  his 
body,  when  life  was  gone,  the  position  which  he  had 
taken  when  alive  at  the  beginning  of  the  conflict. 
A  few,  indeed,  in  the  centre,  whom  the  praetorian 
cohort  had  scattered,  lay  a  little  apart  from  the  rest, 
but  the  wounds  even  of  these  were  in  front.  But 
Catiline  was  found  far  in  advance  of  his  men  amid 
a  heap  of  slain  foemen,  still  breathing  slightly,  and 
showing  in  his  face  the  indomitable  spirit  which  had 
animated  him  when  alive.  Finally,  out  of  the  whole 
army  not  a  single  citizen  of  free  birth  was  taken 
during  the  battle  or  in  flight,  showing  that  all  had 
valued  their  own  lives  no  more  highly  than  those  of 
their  enemies. 

But  the  army  of  the  Roman  people  gained  no 
joyful  nor  bloodless  victory,  for  all  the  most  valiant 
had  either  fallen  in  the  fight  or  come  off  with  severe 

proposes  to  give  that  honour  to  the  Tenth  legion.  Under 
the  empire  the  praetorian  guard  gradually  acquired  great 
importance  and  political  power. 

127 


SALLUSt 

8  volnerdtus  discesserat.  Miilti  autem^  qui  e  castris 
visundi  aut  spoliandi  gratia  processerant,  volventes 
hostilia  cadavera  amicum  alii  pars  hospitem  aut  cog- 
natum    reperiebant ;    fuere   item   qui  iiiimicos    suos 

9  cognoscerent.  Ita  varie  per  omnem  exercitum  lae- 
titia,  maeror,  luctus  atque  gaudia  agitabantur. 


128 


THE  WAR  WITH  CATILINE,  lxi.  7-9 

wounds.  Many,  too,  who  had  gone  from  the  camp 
to  visit  the  field  or  to  pillage,  on  turning  over  the 
bodies  of  the  rebels  found  now  a  friend,  now  a  guest 
or  kinsman ;  some  also  recognized  their  personal 
enemies.  Thus  the  whole  army  was  variously  affected 
with  sorrow  and  grief,  rejoicing  and  lamentation. 


129 

K 


THE   WAR   WITH  JUGURTHA 


K    2 


BELLUM    lUGURTHINUM 

I.  Falso  queritur  de  natura  sua  genus  humanum, 
quod  imbecilla  atque  aevi  brevis  forte  potius  quam 

2  virtute  regatur.  Nam  contra  reputando  neque 
maius  aliud  neque  praestabilius  invenias  magisque 
naturae  industriam  hominum  quam  vim  aut  tempus 

3  deesse.  Sed  dux  atque  imperator  vitae  mortahum 
animus  est.  Qui  ubi  ad  gloriam  virtutis  via  gras- 
satur,  abunde  pollens  potensque  et  clarus  est  neque 
fortuna  eget,  quippe  probitatem,  industriam,  alias- 
que  artis  bonas  neque  dare  neque  eripere  cuiquam 

4  potest.  Sin  captus  pravis  cupidinibus  ad  mertiam 
et  voluptates  corporis  pessum  datus  est,  permciosa 
lubidine  paulisper  usus,  ubi  per  socordiam  vires, 
tempus,  ingenium  diffluxere,  naturae  infirmitas  ac 
cusatur;  suam  quisque  culpam  auctores^  ad  negotia 

transferunt. 
5  Quodsi  hominibus  bonarum  rerum  tanta  cura 
asset,  quanto  studio  aliena  ac  nihil  profutura  multa- 
que  etiam  periculosa  petunt,  neque  regerentur  magis 
quam  regerent  casus  et  eo  magnitudinis  procederent, 
ubi  pro  mortalibus  gloria  aeterni  fierent. 

1  auctores,  a  few  good  codices :  actores,  P  and  other  good 
m88. 
132 


THE   WAR   WITH   JUGURTHA 

I.  Without  reason  do  mankind  complain  of  their 
nature^  on  the  ground  that  it  is  weak  and  of  short 
duration  and  ruled  rather  by  chance  than  by  virtue. 
For  reflection  would  show  on  the  contrary  that  no- 
thing is  greater  or  more  excellent^,  and  that  nature 
has  more  often  found  diligence  lacking  in  men  than 
strength  or  endurance  in  itself.  But  the  leader  and 
ruler  of  man's  life  is  the  mind_,  and  when  this  ad- 
vances to  glory  by  the  path  of  virtue,  it  has  power 
and  potency  in  abundance,  as  well  as  fame ;  and  it 
needs  not  fortune,  since  fortune  can  neither  give  to 
any  man  honesty,  diligence,  and  other  good  qualities, 
nor  can  she  take  them  away.  But  if  through  the 
lure  of  base  desires  the  mind  has  sunk  into  sloth 
and  the  pleasures  of  the  body,  when  it  has  enjoyed 
ruinous  indulgence  for  a  season,  when  strength,  time, 
and  talents  have  been  wasted  through  indolence,  the 
wealgiess  of  human  nature  is  accused,  and  the  guilty 
shift  their  own  blame  to  circumstances. 

But  if  men  had  as  great  regard  for  honourable  en- 
terprises as  they  have  ardour  in  pursuing  what  is 
foreign  to  their  interests,  and  bound  to  be  unprofit- 
able and  often  even  dangerous,  they  would  control 
fate  rather  than  be  controlled  by  it,  and  would  attain 
to  that  height  of  greatness  where  from  mortals  their 
glory  would  make  them  immortal. 

133 


SALLUST 

II.  Nam  uti  genus  hominum  compositum  ex 
corpore  et  anima  est,  ita  res  cunctae  studiaque 
omnia    nostra    corporis     alia,    alia    animi     naturam 

2  secuntur.  Igitur  praeclara  facies,  magnae  divitiae, 
ad  hoc  vis  corporis  et  alia  omnia  huiuscemodi  brevi 
dilabuntur,  at  ingeni  egregia  facinora  sicuti  anima 
immortalia  sunt. 

3  Postremo  corporis  et  fortunae  bonorum  ut  initium 
sic  finis  est,  omniaque  orta  occidunt  et  aucta 
senescunt ;  animus  incorruptus,  aeternus,  rector 
humani  generis  agit  atque  habet  cuncta  neque  ipse 

4  habetur.  Quo  magis  pravitas  eorum  admiranda  est, 
qui  dediti  corporis  gaudiis  per  luxum  et  ignaviam 
aetatem  agunt,  ceterum  ingenium,  quo  neque  melius 
neque  amplius  aliud  in  natura  mortalium  est,  incultu 
atque  socordia  torpescere  sinunt,  cum  praesertim 
tarn  multae  variaeque  sint  artes  animi,  quibus 
summa  claritudo  paratur. 

III.  Verum  ex  eis  magistratus  et  imperia,  postre- 
mo omnis  cura  rerum  publicarum  minume  milii  hac 
tempestate  cupiunda  videntur,  quoniam  neque 
virtuti  lionos  datur,  neque  illi  quibus  per  fnuidem 

2  is  ^  fuit,  tuti  aut  eo  magis  honesti  sunt.  Nam  vi 
quidem  regere  patriam  aut  parentes,  quamquam  et 
})ossis  et  delicta  corrigas,  tamen  importunum  est, 
cum    praesertim    omnes  rerum  mutationes  caedem, 

3  fugam,  aliaque   hostilia  portendant.      Frustra  autem 

*  is,  a  few  good  mss.:  lis,  P  and  some  other  good  mss. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  ii.  i-iii.  3 

n.  For  just  as  mankind  is  made  up  of  body  and 
soul,  so  all  our  acts  and  pursuits  partake  of  the 
nature  either  of  the  body  or  of  the  mind.  Therefore 
notable  beauty  and  great  riches,  as  well  as  bodily 
strength  and  all  other  gifts  of  that  kind,  soon  pass 
away,  but  the  splendid  achievements  of  the  intellect, 
like  the  soul,  are  everlasting. 

In  short,  the  goods  of  the  body  and  of  fortune 
have  an  end  as  well  as  a  beginning,  and  they  all  rise 
and  fall,  wax  and  wane ;  but  the  mind,  incorruptible, 
eternal,  ruler  of  mankind,  animates  and  controls  all 
things,  yet  is  itself  not  controlled.  Therefore  we  can 
but  marvel  the  more  at  the  perversity  of  those  who 
pass  their  life  in  riotous  living  and  idleness,  given 
over  to  the  pleasures  of  the  body,  but- allow  the 
mind,  which  is  better  and  greater  than  anything  else 
in  man's  nature,  to  grow  dull  from  neglect  and  in- 
action ;  especially  when  there  are  so  many  and  so 
varied  intellectual  pursuits  by  which  the  highest 
distinction  may  be  won. 

III.  But  among  these  pursuits,  in  my  opinion, 
magistracies  and  military  commands,  in  short  all 
public  offices,  are  least  desirable  in  these  times, 
since  honour  is  not  bestowed  upon  merit,  while  those 
who  have  gained  it  wrongfully  are  neither  safe  nor 
the  more  honourable  because  of  it.^  For  to  rule 
one's  country  or  subjects  ^  by  force,  although  you 
both  have  the  power  to  correct  abuses,  and  do  cor- 
rect them,  is  nevertheless  tyrannical;  especially  since 
all  attempts  at  change  foreshadow  bloodshed,  exile, 
and  other  horrors  of  war.      Moreover,  to  struggle  in 

^  Sallust  was  writing  in  the  troublous  times  which  followed 
the  assassination  of  Caesar. 

^  For  this  meaning  c/.  cii.  7,  parentes  ahunde  hahemus. 

135 


SALLUST 

niti  neque  aliud  se  fatigando  nisi  odium  quaerere, 
extremae  dementiae  est,  nisi  forte  quem  inhonesta 
et  perniciosa  lubido  tenet  potentiae  paucorum  decus 
atque  libertatem  suam  gratificari. 

IV.  Ceterum  ex  aliis  negotiis  quae  ingenio  exer- 
centur,    in   primis  magno   usui  est  memoria  rerum 

2  gestarum.  Cuius  de  virtute  quia  multi  dixere, 
praetereundum  puto,  simul  ne  per  insolentiam  quis 
existumet  memet  studium  meum  laudando  extollere. 

3  Atque  ego  credo  fore  qui,  quia  decrevi  procul  a  re 
publica  aetatem  agere,  tanto  tamque  utili  labori 
meo  nomen  inertiae  imponant,  certe  quibus  maxuma 
industria  videtur  salutare  plebem  et  conviviis  gra- 

4  tiam  quaerere.  Qui  si  reputaverint,  et  quibus  ego 
temporibus  magistratus  adeptus  sim  et  quales  viri 
idem  adsequi  nequiverint  et  postea  quae  genera 
hominum  in  senatum  pervenerint,  profecto  existu- 
mabunt  me  magis  merito  quam  ignavia  iudicium 
animi  mei  mutavisse  maiusque  commodum  ex  otio 
meo  quam  ex  aliorum  negotiis  rei  publicae  venturum. 

5  Nam  saepe  ego  audivi  Q.  Maxumum,  P.  Scipionem, 
praeterea  civitatis  nostrae  praeclaros  viros  solitos  ita 
dicere,  cum  maiorum  imagines  intuerentur,  vehera- 


*  Nisi  forte  is  strongly  ironical,  introducing  an  incredible 
motive  for  holding  office  ;  cf.  Cat.  xx.  17  ;  before  nisi  forte 
we  must  supply  "  But  one  muSt  be  either  a  t3a'ant  or  a  fool." 

2  Sallust  contrasts  the  time  when  he  held  office  with  the 
time  when  he  was  writing  ;  see  note  on  iii.  1  and  the 
Introduction. 


136 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  iii.  3-iv.  5 

vain  and  after  wearisome  exertion  to  gain  nothing 
but  hatred,  is  the  height  of  folly,  unless  haply  one 
is  possessed  by  a  dishonourable  and  pernicious 
passion  for  sacrificing  one's  personal  honour  and 
liberty  to  the  power  of  a  few  men.^ 

IV.  But  among  intellectual  pursuits,  the  recording 
of  the  events  of  the  past  is  especially  serviceable ; 
but  of  that  it  becomes  me  to  say  nothing,  both  be- 
cause many  men  have  already  spoken  of  its  value, 
and  in  order  that  no  one  may  suppose  that  I  am  led 
by  vanity  to  eulogize  my  own  favourite  occupation. 
I  suppose,  too,  that  since  I  have  resolved  to  pass  my 
life  aloof  from  public  affairs,  some  will  apply  to  this 
arduous  and  useful  employment  of  mine  the  name 
of  idleness,  certainly  those  who  regard  courting  the 
people  and  currying  favour  by  banquets  as  the  height 
of  industriousness.  But  if  such  men  will  only  bear 
in  mind  in  what  times  I  was  elected  to  office,^  what 
men  of  merit  were  unable  to  attain  the  same  honour  ^ 
and  what  sort  of  men  have  since  come  into  the 
senate,^  they  will  surely  be  convinced  that  it  is  rather 
from  justifiable  motives  than  from  indolence  that  I 
have  changed  my  opinion,  and  that  greater  profit  will 
accrue  to  our  country  from  my  inactivity  than  from 
others'  activity. 

I  have  often  heard  that  Quintus  Maximus,  Publius 
Scipio,  and  other  eminent  men  of  our  country,  were 
in  the  habit  of  declaring  that  their  hearts  were  set 
mightily  aflame  for  the  pursuit  of  virtue  whenever 

'  Such  as  Cato,  who  was  an  unsuccessful  candidate  for  the 
praetorship  in  55  B.C. 

^  Referring  both  to  the  Gauls  admitted  by  Julius  Caesar 
and  to  the  "  orcini,"  so  called  from  Orcus  apparently,  be- 
cause Mark  Antony  pretended  that  they  had  been  designated 
as  senators  in  Caesar's  will  ;  see  Suetonius,  Jul.  80  ;  Aug.  S5. 


SALLUST 

6  entissume  sibi  animum  ad  virtutem  accendi.  Scilicet 
non  cerain  illam  neque  figuram  tantam  vim  in  sese 
habere,  sed  memoria  rerum  gestarum  earn  flammam 
egregiis  viris  in  pectore  crescere  neque  prius  sedari, 
quara  virtus  eorum  famam  atque  gloriam  adaequa- 
verit. 

7  At  contra  quis  est  omnium  his  moribus,  quin 
divitiis  et  sumptibus,  non  probitate  neque  industria 
cum  maioribus  suis  contendat  ?  Etiam  homines 
novij  qui  antea  per  virtutem  soliti  erant  nobilitatem 
antevenire,  furtim  et  per  latrocinia  potius  quam 
bonis    artibus    ad    imperia     et    honores    nituntur ; 

8  proinde  quasi  praetura  et  consulatus  atque  alia 
omnia  huiuscemodi  per  se  ipsa  clara  et  magnifica 
sint_,    ac    non    perinde   habeantur   ut   eorum  qui   ea 

9  sustinent  virtus  est.  Verum  ego  liberius  altiusque 
processi,  dum  me  civitatis  morum  piget  taedetque. 
Nunc  ad  inceptum  redeo. 

V.  Bellum  scripturus  sum  quod  populus  Romanus 
cum  lugurtha  rege  Numidarum  gessit,  primum  quia 
magnum  et  atrox  variaque  victoria  fuit_,  dehinc  quia 
tunc  primum  superbiae  nobilitatis  obviam  itum  est. 

2  Quae  contentio  divina  et  humana  cuncta  permiscuit 
eoque  vecordiae  processit,  ut  studiis  civilibus  bellum 

3  atque  vastitas  Italiae  finem  faceret.     Sed  priusquam 


^  A  Roman  had  the  right  to  make  waxen  masks  of  those  of 
his  ancestors  who  had  held  a  curule  office  (consul,  praetor, 
censor,  or  curule  aedile)  and  keep  them  in  the  atrium  of  his 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  iv.  5-v.  3 

they  gazed  upon  the  masks  ^  of  their  ancestors. 
Of  course  they  did  not  mean  to  imply  that  the  wax  or 
the  effigy  had  any  such  power  over  them,  but  rather 
that  it  is  the  memory  of  great  deeds  that  kindles 
in  the  breasts  of  noble  men  this  flame  that  cannot 
be  quelled  until'  they  by  their  own  prowess  have 
equalled  the  fame  and  glory  of  their  forefathers. 

But  in  these  degenerate  days,  on  the  contrary, 
who  is  there  that  does  not  vie  with  his  ancestors  in 
riches  and  extravagance  rather  than  in  uprightness 
and  diligence?  Even  the  "new  men/' ^  who  in 
former  times  always  relied  upon  worth  to  outdo  the 
nobles,  now  make  their  way  to  power  and  distinction 
by  intrigue  and  open  fraud  rather  than  b}'^  noble 
practices  ;  just  as  if  a  praetorship,  a  consulship,  or 
anything  else  of  the  kind  were  distinguished  and 
illustrious  in  and  of  itself  and  were  not  valued  ac- 
cording to  the  merit  of  those  who  live  up  to  it. 
But  in  giving  expression  to  my  sorrow  and  indig- 
nation at  the  morals  of  our  country  I  have  spoken 
too  freely  and  wandered  too  far  from  my  subject. 
To  this  I  now  return. 

V.  I  propose  to  write  of  the  war  which  the  people 
of  Rome  waged  with  Jugurtha,  king  of  the  Numid- 
ians :  first,  because  it  was  long,  sanguinary  and  of 
varying  fortune  ;  and  secondly,  because  then  for  the 
first  time  resistance  was  offered  to  the  insolence  of 
the  nobles — the  beginning  of  a  struggle  which  threw 
everything,  human  and  divine,  into  confusion,  and 
rose  to  such  a  pitch  of  frenzy  that  civil  discord  ended 
in    war   and    the  devastation   of  Italy.     But  before 

house.       They  were   worn  in  funerals   of   members   of  the 
family   by   actors   who   impersonated   the   dead,    and   were 
exhibited  on  other  solemn  occasions. 
"^  See  note  on  Cat,  xxiii.  6. 

139 


SALLUST 

huiuscemodi  rei  initium  expedio,  pauca  supra  re- 
petam,  quo  ad  cognoscundum  omnia  iUustria  magis 
magisque  in  aperto  sint. 

4  Bello  Punico  secundo,  quo  dux  Carthaginiensium 
Hannibal  post  magnitudinem  nominis  Romani  Italiae 
opes  inaxume  attriverat,  Masinissa  rex  Numidarum 
in  amicitiam  receptus  a  P.  Scipione,  cui  postea 
Africano  cognomen  ex  virtute  fuit,  multa  et  prae- 
clara  rei  militaris  facinora  fecerat.  Ob  quae  victis 
Carthaginiensibus  et  capto  Syphace,  cuius  in  Africa 
magnum  atque  late  imperium  valuit_,  populus 
Romanus  quascumque  urbis  et  agros  manu  ceperat 

5  regi  dono  dedit.  Igitur  amicitia  Masinissae  bona 
atque  honesta  nobis  permansit.    Sed  imperi  vitaeque 

6  eius  finis  idem  fuit.  Dein  Micipsa  filius  regnum 
solus    obtinuit,    Mastanabale    et    Gulussa    fratribus 

7  morbo  absumptis.  Is  Adherbalem  et  Hiempsalem 
ex  sese  genuit  lugurthamque  filium  Mastanabalis 
fratris,  quem  Masinissa,  quod  ortus  ex  concubina 
erat,  privatum  dereliquerat,  eodem  cultu  quo  liberos 
suos  domi  habuit. 

VI.   Qui    ubi    primum    adolevit,    pollens    viribus, 

decora  facie,  sed  multo  maxume  ingenio  validus,  non 

se  luxu  ^   neque  inertiae  corrumpendum  dedit,  sed, 

uti    mos    gentis    illius    est,   equitare,   iaculari,  cursu 

cum  aequalibus  certare,  et  cum  omnis  gloria  anteiret, 

omnibus  tamen  carus  esse  ;  ad  hoc  pleraque  tempora 

*  luxu,  some  good  mss. ;  Fronto,  p.  108  Naher  ;  Diomedes, 
1.  341.  6  K  :  luxui,  P  and  some  other  good  mss. 

140 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  v.  3-vi.  i 

actually  beginning  such  a  narrative^  let  me  recall 
a  few  earlier  events^  in  order  that  everything  may  be 
placed  in  a  better  light  for  our  understanding  and 
may  be  the  more  clearly  revealed. 

During  the  second  Punic  war,  when  Hannibal^ 
leader  of  the  Carthaginians,  had  dealt  Italy's  power 
the  heaviest  blow  since  the  Roman  nation  attained 
its  full  stature,  Masinissa,  king  of  Numidia,  had 
become  the  friend  of  Publius  Scipio,  afterwards 
surnamed  Africanus  because  of  his  prowess,  and 
performed  many  illustrious  deeds  of  arms.  In  return 
for  this,  after  the  defeat  of  the  Carthaginians  and  the 
capture  of  Syphax,  whose  dominion  in  Africa  was 
great  and  extensive,  the  Roman  people  gave  Masi- 
nissa  as  a  free  gift  all  the  cities  and  territories  that 
he  had  taken  in  war.  Consequently  Masinissa  was 
ever  our  true  and  loyal  friend.  But  his  reign  and  his  i48  b.c. 
life  ended  together.  His  son  Micipsa  then  became  sole 
ruler,  since  his  brothers  Mastanabal  and  Gulussa  had 
fallen  ill  and  died.  Micipsa  begot  Adherbal  and 
Hiempsal,  and  brought  up  in  the  palace,  in  the  same 
manner  as  his  own  children,  a  son  of  his  brother 
Mastanabal  called  Jugurtha,  whom  Masinissa  in  his 
will  had  allowed  to  remain  a  commoner  because  he 
was  the  offspring  of  a  concubine. 

VI.  As  soon  as  Jugurtha  grew  up,  endowed  as  he 
was  with  physical  strength,  a  handsome  person,  but 
above  all  with  a  vigorous  intellect,  he  did  not  allow 
himself  to  be  spoiled  by  luxury  or  idleness,  but  fol- 
lowing the  custom  of  that  nation,  he  rode,  he  hurled' 
the  javelin,  he  contended  with  his  fellows  in  foot- 
races ;  and  although  he  surpassed  them  all  in  re- 
nown, he  nevertheless  won  the  love  of  all.  Besides 
this,  he  devoted   much  time  to  the  chase,  he  was 

141 


SALLUST 

in  venando  agere,  leonem  atque  alias  feras  primus 
aut  in  primis  ferire,  plurumum  facere  et  minumum 
ipse  de  se  loqui. 

2  Quibus  rebus  Micipsa  tametsi  initio  laetus  fuerat, 
existumans  virtutem  lugurthae  regno  suo  gloriae 
fore^  tamen  postquam  hominem  adulescentem  exacta 
sua  aetate  et  parvis  liberis  magis  magisque  crescere 
intellegit,  vehementer  eo  negotio  permotus^  multa 

3  cum  animo  suo  volvebat.  Terrebat  eum  natura 
mortalium  avida  imperi  et  praeceps  ad  explendam 
animi  cupidinem_,  praeterea  opportunitas  suae  liber- 
orumque  aetatis,  quae  etiam  mediocris  viros  spe 
praedae  transvorsos  agit ;  ad  hoc  studia  Numidarum 
in  lugurtham  accensa^  ex  quibus_,  si  talem  virum 
dolis  interfecisset_,  ne  qua  seditio  aut  bellum  oriretur 
anxius  erat. 

VI r.  His  difficultatibus  circumventus  ubi  videt 
neque  per  vim  neque  insidiis  opprimi  posse  hominem 
tam  acceptum  popularibus,  quod  erat  lugurtha  manu 
promptus  et  appetens  gloriae  militaris,  statuit  eum 
obiectare  periculis  et  eo  modo  fortunam   temptare. 

2  Igitur  bello  Numantino  Micipsa  cum  populo  Romano 
equitum  atque  peditum  auxilia  mitteret,  sperans  vel 
ostentando  virtutem  vel  hostium  saevitia  facile  eum 
occasurum,  praefecit  Numidis  quos  in  Hispaniam 
mittebat. 

3  Sed    ea    res    longe    aliter    ac    ratus    erat    evenit. 

4  Nam  lugurtha,  ut  erat   impigro  atque  acri  ingenio, 

142 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  viri-vii.  4 

the  first  or  among  the  first  to  strike  down  the  lion 
and  other  wild  beasts,  he  distinguished  himself 
greatly,  but  spoke  little  of  his  own  exploits. 

At  first  Micipsa  was  delighted  with  this  conduct, 
believing  that  the  prowess  of  Jugurtha  would  contri- 
bute to  the  glory  of  his  kingdom  ;  but  when  he 
realized  that  the  man  was  young  and  constantly 
growing  in  power,  while  he  himself  was  advanced  in 
years  and  his  children  were  small,  he  was  seriously 
troubled  by  the  situation  and  gave  it  constant 
thought.  He  dreaded  the  natural  disposition  Of 
mankind,  which  is  greedy  for  power  and  eager  to 
gratify  its  heart's  desire,  while  his  own  years  and  the 
youthful ness  of  his  sons  offered  that  opportunity 
which  through  the  hope  of  gain  leads  astray 
even  men  of  moderate  ambition.  He  observed  too 
the  devotion  which  Jugurtha  had  inspired  in  the 
Numidians,  and  was  apprehensive  of  some  rebellion 
or  war  from  that  source,  if  by  treachery  he  should 
cause  the  death  of  such  a  man. 

VH.  Embarrassed  by  these  problems,  and  seeing 
that  one  so  dear  to  the  people  could  not  be  put  out 
of  the  way  by  violence  or  by  stratagem,  he  resolved, 
inasmuch  as  Jugurtha  was  full  of  energy  and  eager 
for  military  glory,  to  expose  him  to  dangers  and  thus 
put  fortune  to  the  proof.  Accordingly,  when  Micipsa 
sent  cavalry  and  infantry  to  aid  the  Romans  in  the 
war  with  Numantia,  he  gave  Jugurtha  command  of 
the  Numidians  whom  he  sent  to  Spain,  hoping  that  134  b.c. 
he  would  easily  fall  a  victim  either  to  a  desire  to 
display  his  valour  or  to  the  ruthless  foe. 

But  the  result  was  not  at  all  what  he  had  expected  ; 
for  Jugurtha,  who  had  an  active  and  keen  intellect, 
soon  became  acquainted  with  the  character  of  Publius 

143 


SALLUST 

ubi  naturam  P.  Scipionis,  qui  turn  Romanis  impera- 
tor  erat,  et  morem  hostium  cognovit,  multo  labore 
multaque  cura,  praeterea  modestissume  parendo  et 
saepe  obviam  eundo  periculis  in  tantam  claritudinem 
brevi  pervenerat,  ut  nostris  vehementer  carus, 
6  Numantinis  maxumo  terrori  esset.  Ac  sane,  quod 
difficillumum  in  primis  est,  et  proelio  strenuus  erat 
et  bonus  consilio,  quorum  alterum  ex  providentia 
timorem,   alterum    ex   audacia    temeritatem    afferre 

6  plerumque  solet.  Igitur  imperator  omnis  fere  res 
asperas  per  lugurtham  agere,  in  amicis  habere, 
magis  magisque  eum  in  dies  amplecti,  quippe  cuius 
neque  consilium  neque  inceptum  uUum  frustra  erat. 

7  Hue  accedebat  munificentia  animi  et  ingeni  soller- 
tia,  quis  rebus  sibi  multos  ex  Romanis  familiari 
amicitia  coniunxerat. 

VIII.  Ea  tempestate  in  exercitu  nostro  fuere 
complures  novi  atque  nobiles,  quibus  divitiae  bono 
honestoque  potiores  erant,  factiosi  domi,  potentes 
apud  socios,  clari  magis  quam  honesti,  qui  lugurthae 
non  mediocrem  animum  pollicitando  accendebant,  si 
Micipsa  rex  occidisset,  fore  uti  solus  imperi  Numidiae 
potiretur :  in  ipso  maxumam  virtutem,  Romae  omnia 
venalia  esse. 
2  Sed  postquam  Numantia  deleta  P.  Scipio  dimittere 
auxilia  et  ipse  revorti  domum  decrevit,  donatum 
atque  laudatum  magnifice  pro  contione  lugurtham 
in  praetorium  abduxit  ibique  secret©  monuit  ut 
potius    publice     quam    privatim    amicitiam     populi 


144 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  vii.  4-viii.  2 

Scipio,  who  then  commanded  the  Romans,  and  with 
the  tactics  of  the  enemy.  Then  by  hard  labour  and 
attention  to  duty,  at  the  same  time  by  showing  strict 
obedience  and  often  courting  dangers,  he  shortly 
acquired  such'  a  reputation  that  he  became  very 
popular  with  our  soldiers  and  a  great  terror  to  the 
Numantians.  In  fact,  he  was  both  valiant  in  war  and 
wise  in  counsel,  a  thing  most  difficult  to  achieve,  for 
most  often  wisdom  through  caution  leads  to  timorous- 
ness  and  valour  through  boldness  to  rashness.  There- 
fore Scipio  relied  upon  Jugurtha  for  almost  all  difficult 
undertakings,  treated  him  as  a  Triend,  and  grew 
more  and  more  attached  to  him  every  day,  since  the 
young  Numidian  failed  neither  in  judgment  nor 
in  any  enterprise.  He  had,  besides,  a  generous 
nature  and  a  ready  wit,  qualities  by  which  he  had 
bound  many  Romans  to  him  in  intimate  friendship. 

VIII.  At  that  time  there  were  a  great  many  in 
our  army,  both  new  men  and  nobles,  who  cared  more 
for  riches  than  for  virtue  and  self-respect;  they  were 
intriguers  at  home,  influential  with  our  allies,  rather 
notorious  than  respected.  These  men  fired  Jugurtha's 
ambitious  spirit  by  holding  out  hopes  that  if  king 
Micipsa  should  die,  he  might  gain  the  sole  power  in 
Numidia,  since  he  himself  stood  first  in  merit,^  while 
at  Rome  anything  could  be  bought. 

Now  when  Numantia  had  been  destroyed  and  133  b.c. 
Publius  Scipio  determined  to  disband  his  auxiliary 
troops  and  return  to  Rome  himself,  after  giving 
Jugurtha  gifts  and  commending  him  in  the  highest 
terms  before  the  assembled  soldiers,  he  took  him  into 
his  tent.     There  he  privately  advised  the  young  man 

*  As  compared  with  Hiempsal  and  Adherbal,  the  sons  of 
Micipsa. 

145 


SALLUST 

Romani  coleret  neu  quibus  largiri  insuesceret ; 
periculose  a  paucis  emi,  quod  multorum  esset.  Si 
permanere  vellet  in  suis  artibus,  ultro  illi  et  gloriam 
et  regnum  venturum^  sin  properantius  pergeret, 
suamet  ipsurn  pecunia  praecipitem  casurum. 

IX.  Sic  locutus  cum  litteris  ^eum,  quas   Micipsae 
redderet,    dimisit.     Earum     sententia     haec     erat : 

2  "  lugurthae  tui  bello  Numantino  longe  maxuma 
virtus  fuit,  quam  rem  tibi  certo  scio  gaudio  esse. 
Nobis  ob  merita  sua  carus  est  ;  ut  idem  senatui  et 
populo  Romano  sit,  summa  ope  nitemur.  Tibi 
quidem  pro  nostra  amicitia  gratulor.  En  liabes 
virum  dignum  te  atque  avo  suo  Masinissa." 

3  Igitur  rex  ubi  ea  quae  fama  acceperat  ex  litteris 
imperatoris  ita  esse  cognovit,  cum  virtute  tum  gratia 
viri  permotus  flexit  animum  suum  et  lugurtham 
beneficiis  vincere  aggressus  est,  statimque  eum 
adoptavit  et  testamento  pariter  cum  filiis  heredem 

4  instituit.  Sed  ipse  paucos  post  annos  morbo  atque 
aetate  confectus  cum  sibi  finem  vitae  adesse  intelle- 
geret,  coram  amicis  et  cognatis  itemque  Adherbale 
et  Hiempsale  filiis  dicitur  huiuscemodi  verba  cum 
lugurtha  habuisse. 

X.  "  Parvom  ego,  lugurtha,  te  amisso  patre  sine 
spe  sine  opibus  in  regnum  meum  accepi,  existumans 

^  But  in  xi.  6  tribus  proximis  annis  must  mean  some  time 
between  121  and  118  B.C.,  since  Micipsa  died  in  118.  Sallust 
is  loose  in  his  chronology. 

146 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  viii.  2-x.  i 

to  cultivate  the  friendship  of  the  Roman  people  at 
large  rather  than  that  of  individual  Roman  citizens, 
and  not  to  form  the  habit  of  bribery.  It  was 
dangerous,  he  said,  to  buy  from  a  few  what  belonged 
to  the  many.  If  Jugurtha  would  continue  as  he  had 
begun,  fame  and  a  throne  would  come  to  him 
unsought ;  but  if  he  acted  too  hastily,  he  would  bring 
about  his  ruin  by  means  of  his  own  money. 

IX.  After  speaking  in  this  way,  Scipio  dismissed 
the  young  man  with  a  letter  to  be  delivered  to 
Micipsa,  the  purport  of  which  was  this  :  '^^The  valour 
of  your  Jugurtha  in  the  Numantine  war  was  most 
conspicuous;  as  I  am  sure  you  will  be  glad  to  learn. 
To  us  he  is  dear  because  of  his  services,  and  we  shall 
use  our  best  efforts  to  make  him  beloved  also  by  the 
senate  and  people  of  Rome.  As  your  friend  I  con- 
gratulate you  ;  in  him  you  have  a  hero  worthy  of 
yourself  and  of  his  grandfather  Masinissa." 

Then  the  king,  upon  learning  from  the  general's 
letter  that  the  reports  which  had  come  to  his  ears 
were  true,  was  led  both  by  Jugurtha's  merits  and  by 
his  influential  position  to  change  his  plans  and 
attempt  to  win  the  young  man  by  kindness.  He 
adopted  him  at  once  ^  and  in  his  will  named  him  joint 
heir  with  his  sons.  But  a  few  years  later  and  upon 
his  own  motion  the  king,  then  enfeebled  by  years 
and  illness  and  realizing  that  the  end  of  his  life  was 
near,  is  said  to  have  talked  with  Jugurtha  in  the 
presence  of  his  friends  and  kinsfolk,  including  his 
sons  Adherbal  and  Hiempsal,  in  some  such  terms  as 
the  following. 

X.  "  When  you  were  a  small  boy,  Jugurtha,  an 
orphan  without  prospects  or  means,  I  took  you  into 
the  royal  household,  believing  that  because  of  my 

147 

L  2 


SALLUST 

non  minus  me  tibi,  quam  ^  si  genuissem,  ob  beneficia 

2  carum  fore.  Neque  ea  res  falsum  me  habuit.  Nam, 
ut  alia  magna  et  egregia  tua  omittam,  novissume 
rediens  Numantia  meque  regnumque  meum  gloria 
honoravisti  tuaque  virtute  nobis  Romanes  ex  amicis 
amicissumos  fecisti ;  in  Hispania  nomen  familiae 
renovatum  est.     Postremo,  quod  difficillumum  inter 

3  mortalis  est,  gloria  invidiam  vicisti.  Nunc,  quoniam 
mihi  natura  finem  vitae  facit,  per  hanc  dexteram, 
per  regni  fidem  moneo  obtestorque  te,  uti  hos,  qui 
tibi  genere  propinqui,  beneficio  meo  fratres  sunt, 
caros    habeas    neu    malis    alienos    adiungere    quam 

4  sanguine  coniunctos  retinere.  Non  exercitus  neque 
thesauri  praesidia  regni  sunt,  verum  amici,  quos 
neque  armis  cogere  neque  auro  parare  queas ;  officio 

5  et  fide  pariuntur.  Quis  autem  amicior  quam  frater 
fratri  aut  quem  alienum  6dum  invenies,  si  tuis  hostis 

6  fueris  ?  Equidem  ego  vobis  regnum  trado  firmum, 
si  boni  eritis,  sin  mali,  imbecillum.  Nam  concordia 
parvae  res  crescunt,  discordia  maxumae  dilabuntur. 

7  Ceterum  ante  hos  te,  lugurtha,  qui  aetate  et 
sapientia  prior  es,  ne  aliter  quid  eveniat  })rovidere 
decet.  Nam  in  omni  certamine  qui  opulentior  est, 
etiam  si  accipit   iniuriam,  tamen,  quia   plus   potest, 

8  facere  videtur.     Vos  autem.  Ad  herbal  et  Hiempsal, 

*  The  mss.  have  liberis  a//er  quam. 
148 


I 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  x.  i-8 

kindness  you  would  love  me  as  if  you  were  my  own 
child.  And  I  was  not  mistaken  ;  for,  to  say  nothing 
of  your  other  great  and  noble  actions,  of  late  on  your 
return  from  Numantia  you  have  conferred  honour 
upon  me  and  my  realm  by  your  glory,  and  by  your 
prowess  have  made  the  Romans  still  more  friendly  to 
Numidia  than  before ;  while  in  Spain  the  name  of 
our  family  has  been  given  new  life.^  Finally,  by  the 
glory  you  have  won  you  have  overcome  envy,  a  most 
difficult  feat  for  mortal  man.  Now*,  since  nature  is 
bringing  my  life  to  its  close,  I  conjure  and  implore  you 
by  this  right  hand,  by  the  loyalty  due  to  the  kingdom, ^ 
hold  dear  these  youths  who  are  your  kinsmen  by 
birth  and  through  my  favour  are  your  brothers ;  and 
do  not  desire  to  make  new  friends  among  strangers 
in  preference  to  keeping  the  love  of  those  who  are 
bound  to  you  by  ties  of  blood.  Neither  armies  nor 
treasure  form  the  bulwarks  of  a  throne,  but  friends ; 
these  you  can  neither  acquire  by  force  of  arms  nor 
buy  with  gold  ;  it  is  by  devotion  and  loyalty  that 
they  are  won.  But  who  is  more  bound  by  ties  of 
friendship  than  brother  to  brother,  or  what  stranger 
will  you  find  loyal,  if  you  become  the  enemy  of  your 
kindred  ?  I  deliver  to  you  three  a  realm  that  is 
strong  if  you  prove  virtuous,  but  weak  if  you  do  ill  ; 
for  harmony  makes  small  states  great,  while  discord 
undermines  the  mightiest  empires.  As  for  the  rest, 
it  devolves  upon  you,  Jugurtha,  rather  than  upon 
these  children,  since  you  are  older  and  wiser  than 
they,  to  see  to  it  that  my  hopes  are  not  disappointed. 
For  in  all  strife  the  stronger,  even  though  he  suffer 
Avrong,  is  looked  upon  as  the  aggressor  because  of  his 
superior  power.     As  for  you,  Adherbal  and  Hiempsal, 


*  Referring  to  the  exploits  of  Masinissa. 

*  cf.  xxiv.  10,  jidt8  amicitiae. 


149 


SALLUST 

colite^  observate  talem  hunc  virurtij  imitamini  vir- 
tutem  et  enitimini  ne  ego  meliores  liberos  sumpsisse 
videar  quam  genuisse." 

XI.  Ad  ea  lugurtha,  tametsi  regem  ficta  locutum 
intellegebat    et    ipse    longe    aliter   animo   agitabat, 

2  tamen  pro  tempore  benigne  respondit.  Micipsa 
paucis  post  diebus  moritur.  Postquam  illi  more 
regio  iusta  magnifice  fecerant^  reguli  in  unum  con- 
venerunt,  ut  inter   se    de    cunctis    negotiis    diseep- 

3  tarent.  Sed  Hiempsal^  qui  minumus  ex  illis  erat, 
natura  ferox  et  iam  antea  ignobilitatejn  lugurthae^ 
quia  materno  genere  impar  erat^  despiciens,  dextra 
Adherbalem  assedit^  ne  medius  ex  tribus^  quod  apud 

4  Numidas  honori  ducitur,  lugurtha  foret.  Dein 
tamen  ut  aetati  coneederet  fatigatus  a  fratre,  vix  in 
partem  alteram  transductus  est. 

5  Ibi  cum  multa  de  administrando  imperio  dis- 
sererent^  lugurtha  inter  alias  res  iacit^  oportere 
quinquenni  consulta  et  decreta  omnia  rescindi ;  nam 
per  ea  tempora  confectum  annis   Micipsam   parum 

6  animo  valuisse.  Tum  idem  Hiempsal  placere  sibi 
respondit ;  nam  i})sum  ilium  tribus  proxumis  annis 

7  adoptatione  in  regnum  j)ervenisse.  Quod  verbum 
in  pectus  lugurthae  altius  quam  quisquam  ratus  erat 

8  descendit.  Itaque  ex  eo  tempore  ira  et  metu  anxius 
moliri,   parare   atque  ea   modo   cum   animo  habere, 

150 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  x.  8-xi.  8 

love  and  respect  this  great  man,  emulate  his  virtues, 
and  strive  to  show  that  I  did  not  adopt  better 
children  than  1  begat." 

XL  Although  .Jugurtha  knew  that  the  king  spoke 
insincerely,  and  though  he  had  very  different  designs 
in  his  own  mind,  yet  he  returned  a  gracious  answer, 
suited  to  the  occasion.  A  few  days  later  Micipsa  died. 
After  the  princes  had  performed  his  obsequies  with 
regal  splendour,  they  met  together  for  a  general 
discussion  of  their  affairs.  Then  Hiempsal,  the 
youngest  of  the  three,  who  was  naturally  haughty 
and  even  before  this  had  shown  his  contempt  for 
Jugurtha's  inferior  birth  because  he  was  not  his  equal 
on  the  maternal  side,  sat  down  on  the  right  of 
Adherbal,  in  order  to  prevent  Jugurtha  from  taking 
his  place  between  the  two,  a  position  which  is  re- 
garded as  an  honour  among  the  Numidians.  After- 
wards, however,  when  his  brother  begged  him  to 
show  respect  to  greater  years,  he  was  reluctantly 
induced  to  move  to  the  other  side. 

At  this  meeting,  in  the  course  of  a  long  discussion 
about  the  government  of  the  kingdom, 'Jugurtha 
suggested,  among  other  measures,  that  they  ought 
to  annul  all  laws  and  decrees  passed  within  the  past 
five  years,  on  the  ground  that  during  that  time 
Micipsa  was  far  gone  in  years  and  hardly  of  sound 
mind.  Thereupon  Hiempsal  again  spoke  up  and  de- 
clared that  he  approved  the  suggestion ;  for  it  was 
within  the  last  three  years,  he  said,  that  Jugurtha 
himself  had  been  adopted  and  thus  given  a  share  in 
the  kingdom.  This  remark  sank  more  deeply  into 
Jugurtha's  mind  than  anyone  would  have  supposed. 
So,  from  that  moment  he  was  a  prey  to  resentment 
and   fear,    planned    and   schemed,   and    thought    of 


SALLUST 

9  quibus  Hiempsal  per  dolum  caperetur.  Quae  ubi 
tardius  procediint  neque  lenitur  animus  ferox,  statuit 
quovis  modo  inceptum  perficere. 

XII.  Primo  conventu,  quem  ab  regulis  factum 
supra  memoravi,  propter  dissensionem  placuerat 
dividi  thesauros  finisque   imperi  singulis    constitui. 

2  Itaque  tempus  ad  utramque  rem  decernitur,  sed 
maturius  ad  pecuniam  distribuendam.  ,  Reguli  in- 
terea   in   loca    propinqua   thesauris    alius   alio   con- 

3  cessere.  Sed  Hiempsal  in  oppido  Thirmida  forte 
eius  domo  utebatur  qui^  proxumus  lictor  lugurtliae^ 
carus  aeceptusque  ei  semper  fuerat.  Quem  ille  casu 
niinistrum  oblatum  promissis  onerat  impellitque  uti 
tamquam  suam  visens  domum  eat^  portarum  clavis 
adulterinas  paret — nam  verae  ad  Hiempsalem  refere- 
bantur — ,  ceterum,  ubi  res  postularet,  se  ipsum  cum 

4  magna  manu  venturum.  Numida  mandata  brevi 
conficit/  atque,    uti    doctus    erat,    noctu    lugurthae 

5  milites  introducit.  Qui  postquam  in  aedis  irrupere^ 
divorsi  regem  quaerere,  dormientis  alios,  a]ios  occur- 
santis  interficere,  scrutari  loca  abdita,  clausa  effring- 
ere,  strepitu  et  tumultu  omnia  miscere ;  cum  in- 
terim Hiempsal  reperitur  occultans  se  tugurio 
mulieris  ancillae,  quo  initio  pavidus  et  ignarug  loci 
perfugerat.  Numidae  caput  eius,  uti  iussi  erant,  ad 
lugurtham  referunt. 

^  The  term  lictor  is  transferred  from  Roman  usage.  It  is  not 
probable  that  the  Numidians  had  adopted  the  Roman  custom. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xi.  8-xii.  5 

nothing  except  some  means  by  which  he  might  outwit 
and  ensnare  Hiempsal.  But  since  his  plans  moved 
too  slowly  and  his  prmid  spirit  retained  its  anger,  he 
resolved  to  effect  his  design  in  any  possible  way. 

XII.  At  the  first  meeting  of  the  princes,  which  I 
have  already  mentioned,  they  failed  to  agree  and 
therefore  determined  to  divide  the  treasures  and 
partition  the  kingdom  among  the  three.  Accord- 
ingly, they  set  a  time  for  both  events,  that  for  the 
division  of  the  money  being  the  earlier,  and  mean- 
while came  by  different  routes  to  a  place  near  the 
treasury.  Now  it  chanced  that  Hiempsal.  was  occu- 
pying a  house  in  the  town  of  Thirmida  which  belonged 
to  Jugurtha's  most  confidential  attendant,^  who  had 
always  been  his  master's  dear  and  beloved  friend. 
This  man,  whom  chance  threw  in  his  way  as  an 
agent,  Jugurtha  loaded  with  promises,  and  induced 
him  to  go  to  his  house  on  the  pretext  of  inspect- 
ing it  and  to  have  false  keys  made  for  the  doors ; 
for  the  true  ones  used  to  be  delivered  to  Hiempsal. ^ 
As  to  the  rest,  Jugurtha  himself  promised  to  be 
at  hand  at  the  proper  time  with  a  strong  force. 
The  Numidian  promptly  carried  out  his  instructions, 
and,  as  he  had  been  directed,  let  in  Jugurtha's 
soldiers  by  night.  They  rushed  into  the  house, 
scattered  in  search  of  the  king,  slew  some  of 
the  household  in  their  sleep  and  others  as  they 
offered  resistance,  ransacked  all  hiding-places,  broke 
down  doors,  and  filled  the  whole  place  with  noise 
and  confusion.  Meanwhile,  Hiempsal  was  found 
hiding  in  the  cell  of  a  maid-servant,  where  in  his  first 
terror,  unacquainted  as  he  was  with  the  premises,  he 
had  taken  refuge.  The  Numidians  did  as  they  were 
ordered,  and  brought  his  head  to  Jugurtha. 
^  That  is,  every  evening. 


SAIXUST 

XIII.  Ceterum  fama  tanti  facinoris  per  omnem 
Africam  brevi  divolgatur.  Adherbalem  omnisque 
qui  sub  imperio  Micipsae  fuerant  metus  invadit.  In 
duas  partis  discedunt  Numidae ;  plures  Adherbalem 

2  secuntur^  sed  ilium  alterum  bello  meliores.  Igitur 
lugurtha  quam  maxumas  potest  copias  armat,  urbis 
partim     vi     alias     voluntate    imperio    suo    adiungit, 

3  omni  Numidiae  imperare  parat.  Adherbal  tametsi 
Romam  legatos  miserat,  qui  senatum  docerent  de 
caede  fratris  et  fortunis  suis,  tamen  fretus  multitu- 

4  dine  militum  parabat  armis  contendere.  Sed  ubi 
res  ad  eertamen  venit^  victus  ex  proelio  profugit  in 
provinciam  ac  deinde  Romam  contendit. 

5  Tum  lugurtha  patratis  consiliis,  postquam  omnis 
Numidiae  potiebatur,  in  otio  facinus  suum  cum  animo 
reputans  timere  populum  Romanum  neque  advorsus 
iram  eius  usquam  nisi  in  avaritia  nobilitatis  et  pe- 

6  cunia  sua  spem  habere.  Itaque  paucis  diebus  cum 
auro  et  argento  multo  Romam  legatos  mittit,  quis 
praecipit/  primum  uti  veteres  amicos  muneribus  ex- 
pleant,  deinde  novos  adquirant^  postremo  quaecum- 
que  possint  largiundo  parare  ne  cunctentur. 

7  Sed  ubi  Romam  legati  venere  et  ex  praecepto 
regis  hospitibus  aliisque  quorum  ea  tempestate  in 
senatu  auctoritas  pollebat  magna  munera  misere, 
tanta  commutatio  incessit,  ut  ex  maxuma  invidia  in 
gratiam    et    favorem    nobilitatis    lugurtha    veniret. 

8  Quorum  pars  spe,  alii  praemio  inducti,  singulos  ex 

1  P  and  some  other  good  mss.  have  praecepit. 

'  The  Roman  i)rovince  of  Africa,  consisting  of  the  territory 
possessed,  by  Carthage  in  146  u.c.  cf.  Jines  quos  novissime 
habuerant,  xix.  7. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xiii.  i-8 

Xni.  Now,  in  a  short  time  the  news  of  this  awful 
crime  spread  over  all  Africa.  Fear  seized  Adherbal  and 
all  the  former  subjects  of  Micipsa.  The  Numidians 
were  divided  into  two  parties,  the  greater  number 
siding  with  Adherbal,  but  the  better  soldiers  with 
his  rival.  Jugurtha  then  armed  the  largest  possible 
number  of  troops,  brought  some  cities  under  his  sway- 
by  force  and  others  with  their  consent,  and  prepared 
to  make  himself  ruler  of  all  Numidia.  Although 
Adherbal  had  at  once  dispatched  envoys  to  Rome, 
to  inform  the  senate  of  his  brother's  murder  and 
his  own  position,  yet  he  prepared  to  take  the  field, 
relying  upon  the  superior  number  of  his  troops. 
But  he  was  defeated  in  the  very  first  engagement, 
fled  to  our  province,^  and  thence  made  his  way  to 
Rome. 

Then  Jugurtha,  when  he  had  carried  out  his  plans 
and  was  in  possession  of  all  Numidia,  having  leisure 
to  think  over  what  he  had  done,  began  to  be  afraid 
of  the  Roman  people  and  to  despair  of  escaping  their 
anger  except  through  the  avarice  of  the  Roman 
nobles  and  his  own  wealth.  Accordingly,  a  few  days 
later,  he  sent  envoys  to  Rome  with  a  great  amount  of 
gold  and  silver,  directing  them  first  to  load  his  old 
friends  with  presents,  and  then  to  win  new  ones — 
in  short,  to  make  haste  to  accomplish  by  largess 
whatever  they  could. 

But  when  the  envoys  arrived  at  Rome,  and,  as 
the  king  had  commanded,  sent  magnificent  presents 
to  his  friends  and  to  others  of  the  senate  whose 
influence  at  the  time  was  powerful,  such  a  change 
of  sentiment  ensued  that  in  place  of  the  pro- 
nounced hostility  of  the  nobles  Jugurtha  gained 
their  favour  and  support.  Induced  in  some  cases 
by  hope,  in  others  by  bribery,  they  went  about  to 

155 


SALLUST 

senatu  anibiundo  nitebantur  ne  gravius  in  eum  con- 
9  suleretur.     Igitur    ubi    legati    satis    confidunt^    die 
constitute  senatus  utrisque  datur.   Turn  Adherbalem 
hoc  modo  locutum  accepimus: 

XIV.  "  Patres  con  scrip ti,  Micipsa  pater  meus 
nioi*iens  niihi  praecepit,  ut  regni  Numidiae  tantum 
modo  procurationem  existumarem  meam,  ceterum 
ius  et  imperium  eius  penes  vos  esse ;  simul  eniterer 
domi  militiaeque  quam  maxumo  usui  esse  populo 
Romano,  vos  mihi  cognatorum,  vos  adfinium  loco^ 
ducerem  :  si  ea  fecissem,  in  vostra  amicitia  exer- 
citum,    divitias,    munimenta    regni    me    habiturum. 

2  Quae  cum  praecepta  parentis  mei  agitarem,  lu- 
gurtha,  homo  omnium  quos  terra  sustinet  sceleratis- 
sumus,  contempto  imperio  vostro,  Masinissae  me 
nepotem  et  iam  ab  stirpe  socium  atque  amicum 
populi  Romani  regno  fortunisque  omnibus  expuUt. 

3  "  Atque  ego,  patres  conscripti,  quoniam  eo  miseri- 
arum  ventuuus  eram,  vellem  potius  ob  mea  quam  ob 
maiorum  meorum  benificia  posse  me  ^  a  vobis  auxiHum 
petere,  ac  maxume  deberi  mihi  beneficia  a  populo 
Romano,    quibus    non    egerem ;    secundum    ea,    si 

4  desideranda  erant,  uti  debitis  uterer.  Sed  quoniam 
parum  tuta  per  se  ipsa  probitas  est  neque  milii  in 
manu    fuit    lugurtha   quaHs    foret,    ad    vos    confugi, 

^  adfinium  loco,  V,  $- ;  in  adfinium  locum,  P  and  other  good 
ms8. 
'^  posse  me,  P  and  other  good  mus. ;  possem,  5- ;  posse,  V. 

.56 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xiii.  8-xiv.  4 

individual  members  of  the  senate  and  urged  them  not 
to  take  too  severe  measures  against  Jugurtha.  When, 
because  of  this^  the  envoys  came  to  feel  sufficient 
confidence,  a  time  was  appointed  for  the  appear- 
ance of  both  parties  before  the  senate.  Thereupon 
Adherbal  is  said  to  have  spoken  in  the  following 
terms : 

XIV.  "  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  my  sire  Micipsa 
admonished  me  on  his  death-bed  to  consider  that  I 
was  only  a  steward  of  the  kingdom  of  Numidia,^  but 
that  the  right  and  authority  were  in  your  hands ;  at 
the  samfe  time  he  bade  me  strive  to  be  as  helpful  as 
possible  to  the  Roman  people  in  peace  and  in  war 
and  to  regard  you  as  my  kindred  and  relatives. 
He  declared  that  if  I  did  this,  I  should  find  in  your 
friendship  an  army,  and  wealth,  and  bulwarks  for 
my  kingdom.  As  I  was  following  these  injunc- 
tions of  my  father,  Jugurtha,  wickedest  of  all  men 
on  the  face  of  the  earth,  in  despite  of  your  power 
robbed  me,  the  grandson  of  Masinissa  and  hereditary 
friend  and  ally  of  the  Roman  people,  of  my  throne 
and  all  my  fortunes. 

"  And  for  myself.  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  since  I 
was  doomed  to  such  a  depth  of  wretchedness,  I 
could  wish  that  I  might  ask  your  help  rather  be- 
cause of  my  own  services  than  those  of  my  ances- 
tors ;  I  could  wish  above  all  that  favours  were  due 
to  me  from  the  Roman  people  which  I  did  not 
need ;  and  failing  this,  that  if  they  were  needed  I 
might  accept  them  as  my  due.  But  since  virtue 
alone  is  not  its  own  protection,  and  since  it  was  not 
in  my  power  to  mould  the  character  of  Jugurtha,  I 

^  cf.  Liv.  45.  13.  15,  Masinissam  .  .  .  usu  regni  contentum 
scire  dominium  et  ius  eorum  qui  dederint  esse. 


SALLUST 

patres  conscript!,  quibus,  quod  mihi  miserrumum 
6  est,  co^or  prius  oneri  quam  usui  esse.  Ceteri  reges 
aut  bello  victi  in  amicitiam  a  vobis  recepti  sunt 
aut  in  suis  dubiis  rebus  societatem  vostram  appeti- 
verunt.  Familia  nostra  cum  populo  Romano  bello 
Carthaginiensi     amicitiam     instituit,     quo    tempore 

6  magis  fides  eius  quam  fortuna  petunda  erat.  Quorum 
progeniem  vos,  patres  conscripti,  nolite  pati  me 
nepotem  Masinissae  frustra  a  vobis  auxilium  petere. 

7  "  Si  ad  impetrandum  nihil  causae  haberem  praeter 
miserandam  fortunam,  quod  paulo  ante  rex  genere, 
fama  atque  copiis  potens,  nunc  deformatus  aerumnis, 
inops,  alienas  opes  expecto,  tamen  erat  maiestatis 
populi  Romani  prohibere  iniuriam  neque  pati  cuius- 

8  quam  regnum  per  scelus  crescere.  Verum.  ego  eis 
finibus  eiectus  sum  quos  maioribus  meis  populus 
Romanus  dedit,  unde  pater  et  avos  meus  una  vobis- 
cum  expulere  Syphacem  et  Carthaginiensis.  Vostra 
beneficia  mihi  erepta  sunt,  patres  conscripti,  vos  in 

9  mea  iniuria  despecti  estis.  Eheu  me  miserum !  hucine, 
Micipsa  pater,  beneficia  tua  evasere  ut,  quem  tu  parem 
cum  liberis  tuis  regnique  participem  fecisti,  is  potis- 
sumum  stirpis  tuae  extinctor  sit  ? 

'^'^  Numquamne    ergo    familia    nostra   quieta    erit? 

10  Semperne  in  sanguine,  ferro,  fuga  vorsabitur  ?     Dum 

Carthaginicnses  incolumes  fuere,  iure    omnia    saeva 

^  That  is,  tiie   alliance  with  Uorne  offered   more  hope  for 
the  future  than  aid  in  the  immediate  present. 

158 


THE  WAR  WITH  JtJGURTHA,  xiv.  4-10 

have  had  recourse  to  you,  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  to 
whom  (and  this  is  the  greatest  part  of  my  wretched- 
ness) 1  am  compelled  to  be  a  burden  before  I  have 
been  an  aid.  All  other  kings  have  been  admitted  to 
your  friendship  when  they  were  vanquished  in  war, 
or  have  sought  your  alliance  in  their  time  of  peril ; 
our  family  established  friendly  relations  with  Rome 
during  the  war  with  Carthage,  at  a  time  when  the 
plighted  word  of  Rome  was  a  greater  inducement  to 
us  than  her  fortune. ^  Therefore  do  not  allow  me, 
their  descendant  and  the  grandson  of  Masinissa,  to 
implore  your  aid  in  vain. 

"  If  I  had  no  other  reason  for  asking  the  favour 
than  my  pitiable  lot — of  late  a  king,  mighty  in 
family,  fame  and  fortune  ;  now  broken  by  woes,  desti- 
tute and  appealing  to  others  for  help — it  would 
nevertheless  be  becoming  to  the  majesty  of  the 
Roman  people  to  defend  me  against  wrong  and  not 
to  allow  any  man's  power  to  grow  great  through 
crime.  But  in  fact  I  am  driven  from  the  lands 
which  the  people  of  Rome  gave  to  my  forefathers 
and  from  which  my  father  and  grandfather  helped 
you  to  drive  Syphax  and  the  Carthaginians.  It  is 
your  gift.  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  which  has  been 
wrested  from  me,  and  in  the  wrong  done  to  me 
you  have  been  scorned.  Woe's  me  !  O  my  father 
Micipsa,  has  this  been  the  effect  of  your  kindness, 
that  the  man  whom  you  put  on  an  equality  with 
your  own  children,  whom  you  made  a  partner  in 
your  kingdom,  should  of  all  men  be  the  destroyer 
of  your  house  ? 

"  Shall  my  family  then  never  find  rest  ?  Shall  we 
always  dwell  amid  blood,  arms  and  exile  ?  While 
the  Carthaginians  were  unconquered,  we    naturally 

159 


SALLUST 

patiebamur  ;  hostes  ab  latere,  vos  amici  procul,  spes 
omnis  in  armis  erat.  Postquam  ilia  pestis  ex  Africa 
eiecta  est,  laeti  pacem  agitabamus,  quippe  quis 
hostis   nuUus   erat,   nisi    forte  quern   vos    iussissetis. 

11  Ecce  autem  ex  improviso  lugurtha,  intoleranda 
audacia,  scelere  atque  superbia  sese  ^  ecferens,  fratre 
meo  atque  eodem  propinquo  suo  interfecto,  primum 
regnum  eius  sceleris  sui  praedam  fecit ;  post,  ubi  me 
eisdem  dolis  nequit^  capere,  nihil' minus  quam  vim 
aut  bellum  expectantem  in  imperio  vostro,  sicut 
videtis  extorrem  patria,  domo,  inopem  et  coopertum 
miseriis  effecit,  ut  ubivis  tutius  quam  in  meo  regno 
essem. 

12  "  Ego  sic  existumabam,  patres  conscripti,  uti  prae- 
dicantem  audiveram  patrem  meum,  qui  vostram 
amicitiam  diligenter  colerent,  eos  multum  laborem 
suscipere,   ceterum  ex  omnibus  maxume  tutos  esse. 

13  Quod  in  familia  nostra  fuit,  praestitit  uti  in  omnibus 
bellis  adesset  vobis ;  nos  uti  per  otium  tuti  simus,  in 

14  vostra  manu  est,  patres  conscripti.  Pater  nos  duos 
fratres  reliquit,  tertium  lugurtham  beneficiis  suis 
ratus  est  coniunctum  nobis  fore.  Alter  eorum 
necatus  est,  alterius  ipse  ego  manus  impias  vix  effugi. 

15  Quid  agam  ?  Aut  quo  potissumum  infelix  accedam  ? 
Generis  praesidia  omnia  extincta  sunt.  Pater,  uti 
necesse  erat,  naturae  concessit.  Fratri,  quem 
minume  decuit,  propincus  per  scelus  vitam  eri})uit. 
Adfinis,  amicos,  propinquos  ceteros  meos  alium  alia 


1  se,  V  ;  P  omits. 

2  non  quit,  V,  P*. 


i6o 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xiv.  10-15 

suffered  all  kinds  of  hardship  ;  the  enemy  were  upon 
our  fiank,  you,  our  friends,  wei'e  far  away ;  all  our 
hope  was  in  our  arms.  After  Africa  had  been  freed 
from  that  pestilence,  we  enjoyed  the  delights  of  peace, 
since  we  had  no  enemy,  unless  haply  at  your  com- 
mand.^ But  lo  !  on  a  sudden,  Jugurtha,  carried  away 
by  intolerable  audacity,  wickedness  and  arrogance, 
after  killing  my  brother,  who  was  also  his  kinsman, 
first  made  Hiempsal's  realm  the  spoil  of  his  crime ; 
then,  when  he  had  failed  to  outwit  me  by  the  same 
wiles,  and  when  under  your  sovereignty  1  was  looking 
for  anything  rather  than  violence  or  war,  he  has  made 
me,  as  you  see,  an  exile  from  home  and  country,  a 
prey  to  want  and  wretchedness,  and  safer  anywhere 
than  in  my  own  kingdom. 

"  1  always  used  to  think.  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  as 
I  had  heard  my  father  maintain,  that  those  who 
diligently  cultivated  your  friendship  undertook  an 
arduous  duty,  indeed,  but  were  safe  beyond  all  others. 
Our  family  has  done  its  best  to  aid  you  in  all  your 
wars  ;  that  we  may  enjoy  peace  and  safety.  Fathers 
of  the  Senate,  is  in  your  power.  Our  father  left 
two  of  us  brothers ;  a  third,'^  Jugurtha,  he  hoped  to 
add  to  our  number  by  his  favours.  One  of  the  three 
has  been  slain  ;  I  myself  have  barely  escaped  the 
sacrilegious  hands  of  the  other.  What  shall  I  do, 
or  to  what  special  protection  shall  I  appeal  in  my 
troubles  ?  All  the  defences  of  my  house  are  destroyed. 
My  father,  as  was  inevitable,  has  paid  the  debt  of 
nature.  My  brother  has  lost  his  life  through  the 
crime  of  a  kinsman,  the  last  man  who  ought  to  have 
raised  a  hand  against  him.  Relatives,  friends,  and 
others  who  were  near  to  me  have  fallen  by  one  blow 

^  Those  enemies,  namely,  which  their  alliance  with  Rome 
forced  upon  them.         ^  (>y  ^   3^  benijicio  meo  fratres. 

161 
M 


SALLUST 

clades  oppressit ;  capti  ab  lugurtha  pars  in  crucem 
acti,  pars  bestiis  obiecti  sunt,  pauci,  quibus  relicta 
est  anima,  clausi  in  tenebris  cum  maerore  et  luctu 

16  morte  graviorem  vitam  exigunt.  Si  omnia  quae  aut 
amisi  aut  ex  necessariis  advorsa  facta  sunt  in- 
columia  manerent,  tamen,  siquid  ex  improviso  mali 
accidisset,  vos  implorarem,  patres  conscripti,  quibus 
pro  magnitudine  imperi  ius  et  iniurias  omnis  curae 

17  esse  decet.  Nunc  vero  exul  patria,  domo,  solus 
atque  omnium  honestarum  rerum  egens,  quo  accedam 
aut  ^  quos  appellem  ?  Nationesne  an  reges  ?  Qui 
omnes  familiae  nostrae  ob  vostram  amicitiam  infesti 
sunt  ?  An  quoquam  mihi  adire  licet,  ubi  non  maiorum 
meorum  hostilia  monumenta  pluruma  sint?  Aut 
quisquam  nostri  misereri  potest,  qui  aliquando  vobis 

18  hostis  fuit  ?  Postremo  Masinissa  nos  ita  instituit 
patres  conscripti,  nequem  coleremus  nisi  populum 
Romanum,  ne  societates,  ne  ^  foedera  nova  acci- 
peremus  :  abunde  magna  praesidia  nobis  in  vostra 
amicitia  fore  ;  si  huic  imperio  fortuna  mutaretur,  una 
occidundum  nobis  esse. 

19  "  Virtute  ac  dis  volentibus  magni  estis  et  opulenti, 
omnia    secunda    et    oboedientia    sunt ;    quo    facilius 

20  sociorum  iniurias  curare  licet.     Tantum  illud  vereor, 
nequos    privata    amicitia    lugurthae   parum    cognita 
transvorsos  agat,  .quos  ego  audio  maxuma  ope   niti 
ambire,    fatigare    vos    singulos,    nequid    de    absente 

^  Some  (food  mas.,  including  P  and  V,  have  an. 
'  neu,  V. 
162 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xiv.  15-20 

or  another.  Of  those  taken  by  Jugurtha  some  have 
been  crucified,  others  thrown  to  wild  beasts ;  a  few, 
whose  lives  were  spared,  in  gloomy  dungeons  amid 
sorrow  and  lamentation  drag  out  an  existence  worse 
than  death.  But  if  all  that  I  have  lost,  or  all  that  has 
turned  from  affection  to  hostility,  remained  untouched, 
even  then,  if  any  unexpected  misfortune  had  befallen 
me,  I  should  appeal  to  you,  Fathers  of  the  Senate, 
whom  it  befits,  because  of  the  extent  of  your  dominion, 
to  take  under  your  care  all  matters  of  right  and  wrong 
everywhere.  As  it  is,  however,  an  exile  from  home 
and  country,  alone,  and  stripped  of  all  that  becomes 
my  station,  where  shall  I  take  refuge  or  to  whom 
shall  I  appeal  ?  To  nations  or  kings,  all  of  whom  are 
hostile  to  our  family  because  of  our  friendshij)  for  you  ? 
To  what  land  can  I  turn  and  not  find  there  many  a 
record  of  my  ancestors'  acts  of  hostility  ?  Can  anyone 
feel  compassion  for  us  who  was  ever  your  enemy  ? 
Finally,  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  Masinissa  instructed 
us  to  attach  ourselves  to  none  save  the  Roman  people 
and  to  contract  no  new  leagues  and  alliances ;  he 
declared  that  in  your  friendship  there  would  be  for 
us  all  an  ample  protection,  and  that,  if  the  fortune  of 
your  empire  should -change,  we  must  fall  with  it. 

"  Through  valour  and  the  favour  of  the  gods  you 
are  mighty  and  powerful,  all  things  are  favourable 
and  yield  obedience  to  you ;  hence  you  may  the 
more  readily  have  regard  to  the  wrongs  of  your 
allies.  My  only  fear  is  lest  private  friendship  for 
Jugurtha,  the  true  character  of  which  is  not  evident, 
may  lead  some  of  your  number  astray  ;  for  I  hear 
that  his  partisans  are  using  every  effort,  and  are 
soliciting  and  entreating  each  of  you  separately  not 
to  pass  any  judgment  upon  him  in  his  absence  without 

163 
M   2 


SALLUST 

incognita  causa  statuatis:  fingere  me  verba  et  fugam 

21  simulare,  cui  licuerit  in  regno  manere.  Quod  utinam 
illum^  cuius  impio  fiicinore  in  has  miserias  proiectus 
sum,  eadem  haec  simulantem  videam  et  aliquando 
aut  apud  vos  aut  apud  deos  immortalis  rerum  hu- 
manarum  cura  oriatur ;  ne  ille,  qui  nunc  sceleribus 

.  suis  ferox  atque  praeclarus  est,  omnibus  malis  excru- 
ciatus  impietatis  in  })arentem  nostrum,  fratris  mei 
necis  mearumque  miseriarum  gravis  poenas  reddat. 

22  '^  lam  iam  frater,  animo  meo  carissume,  quamquam 
tibi  immaturo  et  unde  minume  decuit  vita  erepta  est, 
tamen  laetandum  magis  quam  dolendum  puto  casum 

23  tuum.  Non  enim  regnum  sed  fugam,  exsilium, 
egestatem  et  omnis  has  quae  me  premunt  aerumnas, 
cum  anima  simul  amisisti.  At  ego  infelix,  in  tanta 
mala  praecipitatus  ex  patrio  regno,  rerum  human- 
arum  spectaculum  praebeo,  incertus  quid  agam, 
tuasne  iniurias  persequar  ipse  auxili  egens  an  regno 
consulam,  cuius  vitae    necisque    potestas    ex  opibus 

24  alienis  pendet.  Utinam  emori  fortunis  meis  hones- 
tus  exitus  esset,  neu  iure^  contemptus  viderer  si 
defessus  malis  iniuriae  concessissem.  Nunc  neque 
vivere  lubet  neque  mori  licet  sine  dedecore. 

25  "  Patres    conscripti,    per    vos,    per   liberos    atque 

parentes    vostros,    per   maiestatem    populi    Romani, 

1  neu  iure,   V  and  some  other  good  mss. ;  lie  vivere,  P ; 
neu  vivere,  Gruter. 

164 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xiv.  20-25 

a  hearing.  They  declare  that  I  am  speaking  falsely 
and  feigning  the  necessity  for  flight,  when  I  might 
have  remained  in  my  own  kingdom.  As  to  that,  I 
hope  that  I  may  yet  see  the  man  through  whose  im- 
pious crime  I  have  been  subjected  to  these  woes 
making  the  same  pretence,  and  that  at  last  either 
you  or  the  immortal  gods  may  begin  to  take  thought 
for  human  affairs  !  Then  of  a  truth  that  wretch,  who 
now  exults  and  glories  in  his  crimes,  will  be  tortured 
by  ills  of  every  kind  and  pay  a  heavy  penalty  for  his 
treachery  to  our  father,  for  the  murder  of  my  brother, 
and  for  my  unhappiness. 

"  At  last,  brother  dearest  to  my  heart,  although 
life  has  been  taken  from  you  untimely  by  the  last 
hand  that  should  have  been  raised  against  you, 
yet  your  fate  seems  to  me  a  cause  for  joy  rather 
than  for  sorrow.  For  when  you  lost  your  life  it  was 
not  your  throne  you  lost,  but  it  was  flight,  exile,  want 
and  all  these  woes  which  weigh  me  down.  While 
I,  poor  wretch,  hurled  from  my  father's  throne  into 
this  sea  of  troubles,  present  a  tragedy  of  human 
vicissitude,  being  at  a  loss  what  course  to  take, 
whether  to  try  to  avenge  your  wrongs  when  I  myself 
am  in  need  of  aid,  or  to  take  thought  for  my  throne 
when  the  very  question  of  my  life  or  death  hangs 
upon  the  help  of  others.  Would  that  death  were  an 
honourable  means  of  escape  for  one  of  my  estate  ! 
Would  that,  worn  out  by  affliction,  I  could  succumb 
to  oppression  without  appearing  justly  contemptible  ! 
As  it  is,  life  has  no  charms  for  me,  but  death  is 
impossible  without  shame. 

"  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  I  beseech  you  in  your 
own  name,  by  your  children  and  parents,  and  by  the 
majesty  of  the  Roman  people,  aid  me  in  my  distress, 

'6s 


SALLUST 

subvenite  mihi  misero,  ite  obviam  iniuriae^  nolite 
pati  regniim  Numidiae,  quod  vostrum  est,  per  scelus 
et  sanguinem  familiae  nostrae  tabescere." 

XV.  Postquam  rex  finem  loquendi  fecit,  legati 
lugurthae,  largitione  magis  quam  causa  freti,  paucis 
respondent.  Hiempsalem  ob  saevitiam  suam  ab 
Numidis  inter  fectum,  Adherbalem  ultro  belhim 
inferentem,  postquam  superatus  sit,  queri  quod 
iniuriam  facere  nequivisset  ;  lugurtham  ab  senatu 
petere  ne  se  alium  putarent  ac  Numantiae  cognitus 
esset,  neu  verba  inimici  ante  facta  sua  ponerent. 

2  Deinde  utrique  curia  egrediuntur.  Senatus  statim 
consulitur.  Fautores  legatorum,  praeterea  senatus 
magna  pars  gratia  depravata  Adherbalis  dicta  con- 
temnere,  lugurthae  virtutem  extollere  laudibus;  gra- 
tia, voce,  denique  omnibus  modis  pro  alieno  scelere 

3  et  flagitio  sua  quasi  pro  gloria  nitebantur.  At  con- 
tra pauci,  quibus  bonum  et  aequom  divitiis  carius 
erat,  subveniundum  Adherbali  et  Hiempsalis  mortem 

4  severe  vindicandam  censebant ;  sed  ex  omnibus 
maxume  Aemilius  Scaurus,  homo  nobilis,  impiger, 
factiosus,  avidus   potentiae,  honoris,  divitiarum,  ce- 

5  terum  vitia  sua  callide  occultans.  Is  postquam  videt 
regis  largitionem  famosam  impudentemque,  veritus, 
quod  in  tab  re  solet,  ne  polUita  licentia  invidiam 
accenderet,  aninmm  a  consueta  lubidine  continuit. 

i66 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xiv.  25-xv.  5 

set  your  faces  against  injustice,  do  not  permit  the 
kingdom  of  Numidia,  which  belongs  to  you,  to  be 
ruined  by  villainy  and  the  blood-guiltiness  of  our 
family." 

XV.  After  the  king  had  finished  speaking,  the  en- 
voys of  Jugurtha,  who  relied  rather  upon  bribery 
than  upon  the  justice  of  their  cause,  replied  briefly. 
They  declared  that  Hiempsal  had  been  slain  by  the 
Numidians  because  of  his  savage  cruelty  ;  that  Adher- 
bal  after  making  war  without  provocation  and  suffering 
defeat,  was  complaining  because  he  had  been  pre- 
vented from  inflicting  injury.  Jugurtha,  they  said, 
begged  the  senate  not  to  think  him  other  than  he 
had  shown  himself  at  Numantia,  or  let  the  words  of 
an  enemy  outweigh  his  own  actions. 

Then  both  parties  left  the  House  and  the  matter 
was  at  once  laid  before  the  senate.  The  partisans  of 
the  envoys,  and  a  large  number  of  other  senators  who 
had  been  corrupted  by  their  influence,  derided  the 
words  of  Adherbal  and  lauded  the  virtues  of  Jugur- 
tha ;  exerting  their  influence,  their  eloquence,  in 
short  every  possible  means,  they  laboured  as  dili- 
gently in  defence  of  the  shameful  crime  of  a 
foreigner  as  though  they  were  striving  to  win  honour. 
A  few,  on  the  other  hand,  to  whom  right  and  justice 
were  more  precious  than  riches,  recommended  that 
aid  be  given  to  Adherbal  and  that  the  death  of 
Hiempsal  be  severely  punished.  Conspicuous  among 
these  was  Aemilius  Scaurus,  a  noble  full  of  energy, 
a  partisan,  greedy  for  power,  fame,  and  riches,  but 
clever  in  concealing  his  faults.  As  soon  as  this  man 
saw  the  king's  bribery,  so  notorious  and  so  brazen, 
fearing  the  usual  result  in  such  cases,  namely,  that 
such  gross  corruption  would  arouse  popular  resent- 
ment, he  curbed  his  habitual  cupidity. 

*        ^  167 


SALLUST 

XVI.   X'icit  tamen  in  seiiatu  pars  ilia,  quae  vero 

2  pretium  aiit  gratiam  anteferebat.  Decretum  fit  uti 
decern  legati  regnum,  quod  Micipsa  optinuerat,  inter 
lugurtham  et  Adherbalem  dividerent.  Cuius  lega- 
tionis  princeps  fuit  L.  Opimius,  homo  clarus  et  turn 
in  senatu  potens,  quia  consul  C.  Graccho  et  M.  Fulvio 
Flacco  interfectis  acerrume  victoriam  nobilitatis  in 

3  plebem  exercuerat.  Eum  lugurtha  tametsi  Romae 
in  inimicis  ^  habuerat,  tamen  accuratissume  recepit, 
dando  et  poUicendo  multa  perfecit,  uti  fama,  fide, 
postremo  omnibus  suis  rebus  commodum  regis  ante- 

4  ferret.     Reliquos  legatos  eadem  via^aggressus  pleros- 

5  que  capit,  paucis  carior  fides  quam  pecunia  fuit.  In 
divisione  quae  pars  Numidiae  Mauretaniam  attingit, 
agro  virisque  opulentior,  lugurthae  traditur,  illam 
alteram  specie  quam  usu  potiorem,  quae  portuosior 
et  aedificiis  magis  exornata  erat,  Adherbal  pos- 
sedit. 

XVII.   Res  postulare  videtur  Africae  situm  paucis 

exponere  et  eas  gentis,  quibuscum  nobis  bellum  aut 

2  amicitia  fuit,  attingere.     Sed  quae  loca  et  nationes 

ob  calorem  aut  asperitatem,  item  solitudines  minus 

1  in  inimicis,  ,-  {one  codex) ;  in  amicis,  P  and  other  good 
mss. 


^  In   121   B.C.     He  led  the  attack  against  the  Aventine, 
where  Gains  Gracchus  and  liis  followers  had  taken  refuge,  and 

i68 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xvi.  i-xvii.  2 

XVI.  In  spite  of  all_,  that  faction  of  the  senate 
prevailed  which  rated  money  and  favour  higher  than 
justice.  It  was  voted  that  ten  commissioners  should 
divide  Micipsa's  former  kingdom  between  Jugurtha 
and  Adherbal.  The  head  of  this  commission  was 
Lucius  Opimius,  a  distinguished  man^  who  was  influ- 
ential in  the  senate  at  that  time  because  in  his 
consulship/  after  bringing  about  the  death  of  Gaius 
Gracchus  and  Marcus  Fulvius  Flaccus^  he  had  made 
cruel  use  of  the  victory  of  the  nobles  over  the  people. 
Although  at  Rome  Opimius  had  been  one  of  Jugur- 
tha's  opponents^  the  king  received  him  with  the 
greatest  respect,  and  soon  induced  him,  by  many 
gifts  and  promises,  to  consider  Jugurtha's  advantage 
of  more  consequence  than  his  own  fair  fame,  his 
honour,  and  in  short,  than  all  personal  considera- 
tions. Then  adopting  the  same  tactics  with  the 
other  envoys,  Jugurtha  won  over  the  greater  number 
of  them ;  only  a  few  held  their  honour  dearer  than 
gold.  Wlien  the  division  was  made,  the  part  of 
Numidia  adjoining  Mauretania,  which  was  the  more 
fertile  and  thickly  populated,  was  assigned  to  Jugur- 
tha ;  the  other  part,  preferable  in  appearance  rather 
than  in  reality,  having  more  harbours  and  being 
provided  with  more  buildings,  fell  to  Adherbal. 

XVII.  My  subject  seems  to  call  for  a  brief  account 
of  the  geography  of  Africa  and  some  description  of 
the  nations  there  with  which  the  people  of  Rome  has 
had  wars  or  alliances.  Of  those  regions  and  peoples, 
however,  which  are  seldom  visited  because  of  the 
heat,  the  difficulty  of  access,    or   the    stretches    of 

offered  for  the  heads  of  the  rebels  their  weight  in  gold.  It 
is  said  that  three  thousand  men  were  slain  in  tlie  streets  of 
Rome  or  in  the  proscriptions  which  followed. 

16,9 


SALLUST 

frequentata    sunt,    de    eis    haud    facile    compertum 
narraverim.     Cetera  quam  paucissumis  absolvam. 

3  In  divisione  orbis  terrae  plerique  in  parte  tertia 
Africam    posuere,    paiici    tantum    modo    Asiam    et 

4  Europam  esse,  sed  Africam  in  Europa.  Ea  finis 
Iiabet  ab  occidente  fretum  nostri  maris  et  Oceani, 
ab    ortu    solis    declivem    latitudinem,    quem    locum 

5  Catabathmon  incolae  ajipellant.  Mare  saevom,  in- 
portuosum,  ager  frugum  fertilis,  bonus  pecori, 
arbori  ^  infecundus,  caelo  terraque  penuria  aquarum. 

6  Genus  hominum  salubri  corpore,  velox,  patiens 
laborum.  Plerosque  senectus  dissolvit,  nisi  qui  ferro 
aut  bestiis  interiei'e  ;  nam  morbus  haud  saepe  quem- 
quam  superat.  Ad  hoc  malifici  generis  pluruma 
animalia. 

7  Sed  qui  mortales  initio  Africam  habuerint,  quique 
postea  accesserint,  aut  quo  modo  inter  se  permixti 
sint,  quamquam  ab  ea  fama  quae  plerosque  optinet 
divorsum  est,  tamen  uti  ex  libris  Punicis,  qui  regis 
Hiempsalis  dicebantur,  interpretatum  nobis  est,  uti- 
que  rem  sese  habere  cultores  eius  terrae  putant, 
quam  paucissumis  dicam.  Ceterum  fides  eius  rei 
penes  auctores  erit. 

XVIII.    Africam  initio  habuere  Gaetuli  et  Libyes, 
asperi  incultique,  quis  cibus  erat  caro  ferina  atque 
^  arbori,  P ;  some  good  mss.  have  arbore. 

*  Herodotus  (2.  16)  criticises  the  threefold  division  of  the 
Ionian  geograpliers,  which  is  accepted  by  Strabo,  17.  3.  1  ; 
Varro  (lAng.  Lai.  5.  31)  adopts  the  twofold  division. 

170 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xvii.  2-xviii.  i 

desert,  I  could  not  easily  give  an  account  based 
upon  certain  information.  The  rest  I  shall  dispatch 
in  the  fewest  possible  words. 

In  their  division  of  the  earth's  surface  geographers 
commonly  regard  Africa  as  a  third  part,  a  few  recog- 
nize only  Asia  and  Europe,  including  Africa  in  the 
latter.'^  Africa  is  bounded  on  the  west  by  the  strait 
between  our  sea  and  the  Ocean,  on  the  east  by  a 
broad  sloping  tract  which  the  natives  call  Catabath- 
mos.'^  The  sea  is  rough  and  without  harbours,  the 
soil  fertile  in  grain,  and  favourable  to  flocks  and 
herds  but  unproductive  of  trees ;  heaven  and  earth 
are  niggardly  of  water.^  The  natives  are  healthy, 
swift  of  foot,  and  of  great  endurance.  They  com- 
monly die  of  old  age,  unless  they  fall  victims  to  the 
steel  or  to  wild  beasts ;  for  disease  seldom  gets  the 
better  of  any  of  them.  Moreover  the  country 
abounds  in  dangerous  wild  animals. 

What  men  inhabited  Africa  originally,  and  who 
came  later,  or  how  the  races  mingled,  I  shall  tell  as 
briefly  as  possible.  Although  my  account  varies  from 
the  prevailing  tradition,  I  give  it  as  it  was  translated 
to  me  from  the  Punic  books  said  to  have  been  written 
by  king  Hiempsal,"*  and  in  accordance  with  what  the 
dwellers  in  that  land  believe.  But  the  responsibility 
for  its  truth  will  rest  with  my  authorities. 

XVI 11.  In  the  beginning  Africa  was  inhabited  by 
the  Gaetulians  and  Libyans,  rude  and  uncivilized 
folk,    who    fed    like    beasts    on    the    flesh    of   wild 

2  "The  Descent";  it  lay  between  the  Cyrenaica  and 
Egypt,  and  was  regarded  by  Sallust  and  others  as  a  part  of 
Asia. 

'  That  is,  there  is  little  rainfall  and  few  lakes  and  streams. 

^  Not  the  brother  of  Adherbal,  but  a  second  king  of  the 
same  name,  father  of  Pompey's  ally  Juba. 

171 


SALLUST 

2  humi  pabulum  uti  pecoribus.  Ei  neque  nioribus 
neque  lege  aut  imperio  cuiusquam  regebantur ;  vagi, 
palanteSj  quas  nox  coegerat  sedes  habebant. 

3  Sed  postquam  in  Hispania  Hercules,  sicuti  Afri 
putantj  interiit,  exercitus  eius,  compositus  ex  variis 
gentibus,  amisso  duce  &c  passim  multis  sibi  quisque 

1  imperium  petentibus_,  brevi  dilabitur.  Ex  eo  numero 
Medi,  Persae  et  Armenii,  navibus  in  Africam  trans- 

5  vecti,  proxumos  nostro  mari  locos  occupavere,  sed 
Persae  intra  Oceanum  magis  ;  eique  alveos  navium 
invorsos  pro  tuguriis  habuere,  quia  neque  materia  in 
agris  neque  ab  Hispanis  emundi  aut*  mutandi  copia 

6  erat ;    mare    magnum    et    ignara   lingua    commercio 

7  prohibebant.  Ei  paulatim  per  conubia  Gaetulos 
secum  ^  miscuere,  et,  quia  saepe  temptantes  agros 
alia  deinde  alia  loca  petiverant,  semet  ipsi  Nomadas 

8  appellavere.  Ceterum  adhuc  aedificia  Numidarum 
agrestium,  quae  mapalia  illi  vocant,  oblonga  incurvis 
lateribus  tecta  quasi  navium  carinae  sunt. 

9  Medis  autem  et  Armeniis  accessere  Libyes — nam 
ei  propius  mare  Africum  agitabant,  Gaetuli  sub  sole 
magis,  baud  procul  ab  ardoribus — eique  mature  op- 
pida  habuere ;  nam  freto  divisi  ab  Hispania  mutare 

1  Omitltd  by  P. 

1  cf.  Cat.  vi.  1. 

2  That  is,  outside  of  the  strait  connecting  the  Atlantic 
with  the  Mediterranean. 

3  Nomades,  "  wanderers,"  and  Numidae,  "  Numidians," 
are  identical.  The  Greek  word  vojUciSev  probably  came  to 
Africa  by  way  of  Sicily. 

172 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGIJRTHA,  xviii.  1-9 

animals  and  the  fruits  of  the  earth.  They  were 
governed  neither  by  institutions  ^  nor  law,  nor  were 
they  subject  to  anyone's  rule.  A  restless,  roving 
people,  they  had  their  abodes  wherever  night 
compelled  a  halt. 

But  when  Hercules  died  in  Spain,  as  the  Africans 
believe,  the  men  of  divers  nationalities  who  formed 
his  army,  now  that  their  leader  was  gone  and  since 
there  were  many  on  every  hand  who  aspired  to  suc- 
ceed him,  soon  dispersed.  Of  those  who  made  up  the 
army,  the  Medes,  Persians  and  Armenians  crossed  by 
ships  into  Africa  and  settled  in  the  regions  nearest 
to  our  sea,  the  Persians  closer  to  the  Ocean  ;  ^  and 
these  used  as  huts  the  inverted  hulls  of  their  ships ; 
for  there  was  no  timber  in  the  land,  and  there  was  no 
opportunity  to  obtain  it  from  the  Spaniards  by  pur- 
chase or  barter,  since  the  wide  expanse  of  sea  and 
ignorance  of  the  language  were  a  bar  to  intercourse. 
The  Persians  intermarried  with  the  Gaetulians  and 
were  gradually  merged  with  them,  and  because  they 
often  moved  from  place  to  place  trying  the  soil,  they 
called  themselves  Nomads.^  It  is  an  interesting  fact, 
that  even  to  the  present  day  the  dwellings  of  the 
rustic  Numidians,  which  they  call  mapalia,  are  oblong 
and  have  roofs  with  curved  sides,  like  the  hulls  of 
ships. 

But  the  Medes  and  the  Armenians  had  the 
Libyans  as  their  nearest  neighbours  ;  for  that  people 
lived  closer  to  the  Afric  sea,'*  while  the  Gaetulians 
were  farther  to  the  south,  not  far  from  the  regions  of 
heat.  These  three  peoples  ^  soon  had  towns ;  for 
being  separated  from  the  Spaniards  only  by  the  strait. 


*  The  western  part  of  the  Mediterranean. 
^  The  Medes,  Armenians  and  Libyans, 


173 


SALLUST 

10  res  inter  se  institiierant.  Nomen  eorum  paulatini 
Libyes  corrupere,  barbara  lingua  Maiiros  pro  Medis 
appellantes. 

11  Sed  res  Persarum  brevi  adolevit  ac  postea  nomine 
Niiriiidae  propter  multitudinem  a  parentibus  digressi 
possedere    ea    loca,    quae     proxume    Carthaginem  ^ 

12  Numidia  appellatur.  Deinde  utrique  alteris  freti 
finitumos  armis  aut  metu  sub  imperium  suum  cOr 
egere,  nomen  gloriamque  sibi  addidere,  magis  ei^ 
qui  ad  nostrum  mare  processerant,  quia  Libyes  quam 
Gaetuli  minus  bellicosi.  Denique  Africae  pars  infe- 
rior pleraque  ab  Numidis  possessa  est,  victi  omnes 
in  gentem  nomenque  imperantium  concessere. 

XIX.   Postea    Phoenices,   alii    multitudinis    domi 

minuendae    gratia,   pars   imperi   cupidine    sollicitata 

plebe    et   aliis    novarum   rerum    avidis,    Hipponem, 

Hadrumetum,  Leptim    aliasque   urbis  in    ora    mari- 

tuma   condidere   eaeque   brevi  multum   auctae,  pars 

2  originibus  suis  praesidio,  aliae  decori  fuere.    Nam  de 

Carthagine  silere  melius  puto  quam  parum   dicere, 

quoniam  alio  properare  tempus  monet. 

^  proxime  Carthaginem,  P  and  other  good  mss.;  proxima 
Carthagini,  Diom.  i.  410.  9  k  ;  proxiina  Carthagine  (proxima 
Carthaginem,  /*),  Arui^.  vii.  498.  17  k. 

^  The  derivation  of  Mauri  from  Medi  is  of  course  im- 
possible. The  Moors  seem  to  have  been  of  Aethiopian 
origin. 

'■^  That  is,  the  Persians  and  Gaetulians. 

174 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  ?viii.  9-xix.  2 

they  began  to  exchange  wares  with  them.  The 
Libyans  gradually  altered  the  name  of  the  Medes, 
calling  them  in  their  barbarian  tongue  Mauri 
(Moors).i 

Now  the  commonwealth  of  the  Persians  ^  soon  in- 
creased and  finally  the  younger  generation,  under  the 
name  of  Numidians,  separated  from  their  parents  be- 
cause of  the  excess  of  population  and  took  possession 
of  the  region  next  to  Carthage,  which  is  called 
Numidia.  Then  both  peoples,^  relying  upon  each 
other's  aid,  brought  their  neighbours  under  their 
sway  by  arms  or  by  fear  and  acquired  renown  and 
glory,  especially  those  who  had  come  near  to  our  sea, 
because  the  Libyians  are  less  warlike  than  the  Gae- 
tulians-  Finally,  the  greater  part  of  northern  Africa 
fell  into  the  hands  of  the  Numidians,  and  all  the 
vanquished  were  merged  in  the  race  and  name  of 
their  rulers. 

XIX.  Later  the  Phoenicians,  sometimes  for  the 
sake  of  ridding  themselves  of  the  superfluous  popu- 
lation at  home,  sometimes  from  desire  for  dominion 
tempting  away  the  commons  and  others  who  were 
desirous  of  a  change,  founded  Hippo,^  Hadrumetum, 
Leptis,^  and  other  cities  on  the  coast.  These  soon 
became  very  powerful  and  were  in  some  cases  a  de- 
fence and  in  others  a  glory  to  the  mother  city.  As 
to  Carthage,  I  think  it  better  to  be  silent  rather  than 
say  too  little,  since  time  warns  me  to  hasten  on  to 
other  topics. 

^  Tlie  older  Numidians  (Persians)  and  GaetuHans  near  the 
Ocean  and  those  who  had  settled  near  Carthage. 

'  Probably  Hippo  Diarrhytus,  near  Utica,  rather  than 
Hippo  Regius,  which  was  farther  to  the  west. 

^  There  are  also  two  towns  of  this  name  ;  probably  Leptis 
Minor  is  meant. 


SALLUST 

3  Igitiir  ad  Catabathmon,  cjui  locus  Aegyptum  ab 
Africa  dividit^  sec  undo  mari  prima  Cyrene  est, 
colonia  Tiieraeon,  ac  deinceps  duae  Syrtes  interque 
eas  Leptis ;  deinde  Piiilaenon  arae,  quern  locum 
Aegyptum  vorsus  linem  imperi  habuere  Carthagini- 

4  enses  ;  post  aliae  Punicae  urbes.  Cetera  loca  usque  ad 
Mauretaniam  Numidae  tenent,  proxumi  Hispaniam^ 

5  Mauri  sunt.  Super  Numidiam  Gaetulos  accepimus 
partim  in  tuguriis,  alios  incultius  vagos  agitare,  post 

6  eos  Aethiopas  esse^  dehinc  loca  exusta  solis  ardoribus. 

7  Igitur  bello  lugurthino  pleraque  ex  Punicis  op- 
pida  et  finis  Carthaginiensium,  quos  novissume 
habuerant,  populus  Romanus  per  magistratus  ad- 
ministrabat ;  Gaetulorum  magna  pars  et  Numidae 
usque  ad  flumen  Muluccham  sub  lugurtha  erant ; 
Mauris  omnibus  rex  Bocchus  imperi tabat,  praeter 
nomen  cetera  ignarus  populi  Romani  itemque  nobis 
neque  bello  neque  pace  antea  cognitus. 

8  De  Africa  et  eius  incolis  ad  necessitudinem  rei 
satis  dictum. 

XX.  Postquam  diviso  regno  legati  Africa  deces- 
sere    et    lugurtha    contra    timorem    animi    praemia 

^  proximi  Hispaniam,  some  good  mss.;  proximi  Hispanias, 
P  and  other  good  mss.;  proximi  Hispania,  Arimaiius,  vii. 
498.  18  K. 


^  To  the  westward,  setting  out  from  the  Catabathmos. 

2  Founded  in  6.31  B.C.  in  obedience  to  a  Delphic  oracle  by 
Battus,  the  first  of  the  famous  Battiadae,  who  ruled  for  eight 
generations  ;  see  Herodotus  4.  150. 

176 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xix.  3-xx.  1 

In  the  neighbourhood^  then,  of  the  Catabathmos, 
tlie  region  which  separates  Sgypt  from  Africa,  the 
first  city  as  you  follow  the  coast  ^  is  Cyrene,^  a  colony 
of  Thera,  and  then  come  the  two  Syrtes  ^  with  Lep- 
tis  ^  between  them.  Next  we  come  to  the  altars  of 
the  Philaeni,  the  point  which  the  Carthaginians  re- 
garded as  marking  the  boundary  between  their  empire 
and  Egypt ;  then  other  Punic  cities.  The  rest  of 
the  region  as  far  as  Mauretania  is  held  by  the  Nu- 
midians,  while  the  people  nearest  Spain  are  the 
Moors.  South  of  Numidia,  so  we  are  told,  are  the 
Gaetulians,  some  of  whom  live  in  huts,  while  others 
lead  a  less  civilized  nomadic  life.  Still  farther  to  the 
south  are  the  Aethiopians,  and  then  come  the  regions 
parched  by  the  sun's  heat. 

Now  at  the  time  of  the  war  with  Jugurtha  the 
Romans  were  governing  through  their  officials  nearly 
all  the  Punic  cities,  as  well  as  the  territory  which  in 
their  latter  days  ^  had  belonged  to  the  Carthaginians. 
The  greater  number  of  the  Gaetulians,  and  Numidia 
as  far  as  the  river  Muluccha,  were  subject  to  Jugurtha. 
All  the  Moors  were  ruled  by  king  Bocchus,  who 
knew  nothing  of  the  Roman  people  save  their  name 
and  was  in  turn  unknown  to  us  before  that  time 
either  in  peace  or  in  war. 

This  account  of  Africa  and  its  peoples  is  enough 
for  my  purpose. 

XX.  As  soon  as  the  deputies  left  Africa,  after 
dividing  the  kingdom,  and  Jugurtha  found,  in  spite 
of  his  secret  fears,  that  he  had  gained  the  price  of  his 

'  Sallust's  brevity  makes  him  unclear.  The  order  is  : 
Greater  Syrtis,  Philaenae  Arae,  Leptis  Magna,  Lesser  Syrtis. 

*  Leptis  Magna  is  here  referred  to,  not  Leptis  Minor,  as  in 
xix.  I. 

'  In  146  B.C.     See  note  on  xiii.  4. 

177 


SALLUST 

sceleris  adeptum  sese  videt,  certum  esse  ratus^  quod 
ex  amicis  apud  Nuraantiam  acceperat^  omnia  Romae 
venalia  esse,  simul  et  illorum  poUicitationibus  ac- 
census    quos    paulo    ante    muneribus   expleverat,  in 

2  regnum  Adherbalis  animum  intendit.  Ipse  acer, 
bellicosus,  at  is  quern  petebat  quietus,  imbellis, 
placido  ingenio,  opportunus  iniuriae,  metuens  magis 

3  quani  metuendus.  Igitur  ex  improviso  finis  eius 
cum  magna  manu  invadit,  multos  mortalis  cum 
pecore  atque  alia  praeda  capit,  aedificia  incendit, 
pleraque  loca  hostiliter  cum  equitatu  accedit ;  deinde 

4  cum  omni  multitudine  in  regnum  suum  convortit, 
existumans  Adherbalem  dolore  permotum  iniurias 
suas  manu  vindicaturum  eamque  rem  belli   causam 

5  fore.  At  ille,  quod  neque  se  parem  armis  existu- 
mabat  et  amicitia  populi  Romani  magis  quam  Numi- 
dis  fretus  erat,  legatos  ad  lugurtham  de  iniuriis 
questum  misit.  Qui  tametsi  contumeliosa  dicta  ret- 
tulerant,  prius  tamen  omnia  pati  decrevit  quam 
bellum  sumere,  quia  temptatum  antea  secus  cesserat. 

6  Neque  eo  magis  cupido  lugurthae  minuebatur, 
quippe  qui  totum  eius  regnum  animo  iam  invaserat. 

7  Itaque  non  uti  antea  cum  praedatoria  manu,  sed 
magno   exercitu  comparato  Ijellum  gerere  coe})it  et 

8  aperte  totius  Numidiae  imperium  petere.  Ceterum 
qua  pergebat  urbis,  agros  vastare,  praedas  agere, 
suis  animum  hostibus  terrorem  augere. 

^  See  chap.  viii.  1. 
178 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xx.  i-8 

crime,  he  felt  convinced  of  the  truth  of  what  he  had 
heard  from  his  friends  at  Numantia,  that  at  Rome 
any  thing  could  be  bought.^  Accordingly,  he  began  to 
covet  Adherbal's  kingdom,  spurred  on  besides  by  the 
promises  of  those  whom  he  had  shortly  before  loaded 
with  presents.  He  himself  was  active  and  warlike, 
while  his  intended  victim  was  quiet,  peaceful,  of  a 
tranquil  disposition,  open  to  attack  and  rather  inclined 
to  fear  than  an  object  of  fear.  Therefore  when 
Jugurtha  suddenly  invaded  Adherbal's  territory  with 
a  large  force,  he  took  many  prisoners,  as  well  as  cattle 
and  other  plunder,  set  fire  to  buildings,  and  raided 
several  places  with  his  cavalry.  He  then  withdrew 
with  his  entire  force  into  his  own  kingdom,  supposing 
that  Adherbal  would  be  led  by  resentment  to  resort  to 
force  in  order  to  avenge  the  wrongs  which  had  been 
done  him,  and  that  this  would  furnish  a  pretext  for 
war.  Adherbal,  however,  realizing  that  in  arms  he 
was  no  match  for  his  rival  and  putting  more  trust  in 
the  friendship  of  the  Roman  people  than  in  the 
Numidians,  sent  envoys  to  Jugurtha  to  protest  against 
the  outrages ;  and  although  they  brought  back  an 
insulting  answer,  he  resolved  to  put  up  with  any- 
thing rather  than  resort  to  war,  which  he  had  already 
tried  with  so  little  success.  This,  however,  did  not 
diminish  the  ardour  of  Jugurtha,  who  in  his  mind's 
eye  had  already  seized  all  Adherbal's  realm.  He 
therefore  began  to  wage  war,  not  as  before  with  a 
predatory  band,  but  with  a  great  army  which  he 
had  got  together,  and  to  lay  claim  openly  to  the 
sovereignty  of  all  Numidia.  Wherever  he  went  he 
laid  waste  cities  and  fields  and  drove  off  booty,  thus 
inspiring  his  own  followers  with  confidence  and 
striking  the  enemy  with  fear. 

179 

N   2 


SALLUST 

XXI.   Adherbal   ubi  intellegit  eo   processum,   uti 
regnum  aut  relinquendum  esset  aut  armis  retinendum, 
necessario  copias  parat  et  lugurthae  obvius  procedit. 
2  Interim  baud  longe  a  mari  prope  Cirtam   oppidum 
utriusque  exercitus  consedit  et  quia  diei  extremum 
erat  proelium  non   inceptum.     Sed   ubi   plerumque 
noctis  processit,  obscuro  etiam  turn  lumine,  milites 
lugurthini     signo    dato  ^castra    hostium     invadunt, 
semisomnos     partim,    alios    arnia    sumentis    fugant 
funduntque.     Adherbal  cum  paucis  equitibus  Cirtam 
profugit    et    ni    multitude    togatorum    fuisset,    quae 
Numidas    insequentis  moenibus   prohibuit,   uno   die 
inter    duos    reges    coeptum    atque  patratum  bellum 

3  foret.  Igitur  lugurtha  oppidum  circumsedit,  vineis 
turribusque  et  machinis  omnium  generum  expugnare 
aggreditur,  maxume  festinans  tempus  legatorum  ante- 
capere,  quos  ante  proelium  factum  ab  Adherbale 
Romam  missos  audiverat. 

4  Sed  postquam  senatus  de  bello  eorum  accepit, 
tres  adulescentes  in  Africam  legantur,  qui  ambos 
reges  adeant,  senatus  populique  Romani  verbis  nun- 
tient  velle  et  censere  eos  ab  armis  discedere,  de 
controvorsiis  suis  iure  potius  quam  bello  disceptare  ;  ^ 
ita  seque  illisque  dignum  esse. 

XXII.   Legati  in  Africam  maturantes  veniunt,  eo 
magis  quod  Romae,  dum  proficisci  parant,  de  proelio 

1  The  phrase  de  controversiis  .  .  .  disceptare  is  omitted  by 
P  and  all  the  best  mss. 

i8o 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxi.  i-xxii.  i 

XXI.  When  Adherbal  perceived  that  matters 
had  gone  so  far  that  he  must  either  give  up  his 
kingdom  or  retain  it  by  force  of  arms,  he  yielded  to 
necessity,  mustered  an  army,  and  vi^ent  to  meet 
Jugurtha.  At  first  the  two  armies  encamped  not  far 
from  the  sea  near  the  town  of  Cirta,  but  because  it 
was  late  in  the  day  they  did  not  join  battle.  When  the 
greater  part  of  the  night  had  passed  but  while  it  was 
still  dark,  the  soldiers  of  Jugurtha  on  a  given  signal 
attacked  the  camp  of  the  enemy,  surprised  them 
either  half  asleep  or  just  taking  up  arms,  and  routed 
them.  Adherbal  with  a  few  horsemen  fled  to  Cirta, 
and  if  it  had  not  been  for  a  throng  of  Roman 
civilians,  who  held  off  the  pursuing  Numidians  from 
the  walls,  the  war  between  the  two  kings  would  have 
begun  and  ended  on  the  selfsame  day.  Jugurtha 
thereupon- invested  the  town  and  attempted  to  carry 
it  by  mantlets,^  towers  and  engines  of  all  kinds, 
making  all  haste  to  anticipate  the  coming  of  the 
envoys,  who,  as  he  had  heard,  had  been  sent  to 
Rome  by  Adherbal  before  the  battle  was  fought. 

Now  after  the  senate  heard  that  they  were  at  war, 
three  young  men  were  despatched  to  Africa,  with 
instructions  to  approach  both  kings  and  announce  in 
the  name  of  the  Roman  senate  and  people  that  it 
was  their  desire  and  command  that  the  combatants 
should  lay  down  their  arms  and  settle  their  disagree- 
ment by  law  rather  than  by  war ;  that  this  was  due 
both  to  the  Romans  and  to  themselves. 

XX H.  The  envoys  soon  arrived  in  Africa,  making 
the  more  haste  because,  as  they  were  preparing  to 
leave  Rome,  word  came  that  the  battle  had  taken 

^  Movable  sheds  with  sloping  roofs  used  as  a  shelter  for 
soldiers  working  the  artillery  or  trying  to  undermine  the 
wall. 

i8i 


SALLUST 

facto   et    oppugnatione    Cirtae    audiebatur ;    sed    is 

2  rumor  clemens  erat.  Quorum  lugurtha  accepta 
oratione  respondit  sibi  neque  maius  quicquam  neque 
carius  auctoritate  senatus  esse ;  ab  adulescentia  ita 
se  enisum  ut  ab  optumo  quoque  probaretur ;  virtute, 
lion  malitia  P.  Scipioni  summo  viro  placuisse ;  ob 
easdem  artis    a   Micipsa,   noii  penuria  liberorum  in 

3  regnum  adoptatum  esse.  Ceterum  quo  ^  plura  bene 
atque    strenue  fecisset^   eo    aniraum   suum  iniuriam 

4  minus  tolerare.  Adherbalem  dolis  vitae  suae  insidia- 
tum  ;  quod  ubi  comperisset,  sceleri  eius  obviam  isse. 
Populum  Romanum  neque  recte  neque  pro  bono 
facturum,  si  ab  iure  gentium  sese  prohibuerit.  Pos- 
tremo    de    omnibus    rebus    legatos     Romain     brevi 

5  missurum.  Ita  utrique  digrediuntur.  Adherbalis 
appellandi  copia  non  fuit. 

XX III.  lugurtha  ubi  eos  Africa  decessisse  ratus 
est,  neque  propter  loci  naturam  Cirtam  armis  expug- 
nare  potest,  vallo  atque  fossa  moenia  circumdat, 
turris  extruit  casque  praesidiis  firmat,  praeterea  dies 
noctisque  aut  per  vim  aut  dolis  temptare,  defensori- 
bus  moenium  praemia  modo,  modo  formidinem 
ostentare,  suos  hortando  ad  virtutem  arrigere, 
prorsus  intentus  cuncta  parare, 
2  Adherbal  ubi  intellegit  omnis  suas  fortunas  in 
extremo  sitas,  hostem  infestum,  auxili  spem  nullam, 

^   P  and  others  of  the  better  mss.  hare  (jiiod. 

^  Pro  bono  =  bene,  cf.  Suet.  Tib.  vii.;  Caes.  B.O.  5.  7.  7, 
etc. 

182 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxii.  i-xxiii.  2 

place  and  that  Cirta  was  besieged  ;  but  the  rumour 
failed  to  do  justice  to  the  reality.  When  Jugurtha 
heard  their  message^  he  rejoined  that  nothing  had 
more  weight  and  nothing  was  more  precious  to  him 
than  the  will  of  the  senate ;  from  youth  up  he  had 
striven  to  win  the  approval  of  all  good  men  ;  it  was 
by  merit,  not  by  baseness,  that  he  had  found  favour 
with  the  great  Publius  Scipio,  and  it  was  for  the 
same  qualities  that  Micipsa  had  made  him  heir  to  a 
part  of  his  kingdom,  not  because  the  king  lacked 
children.  But,  he  said,  the  more  numerous  his  acts 
of  virtue  and  courage  had  been,  the  less  his  spirit 
was  able  to  brook  wrongs.  Adherbal  had  treacher- 
ously plotted  against  his  life,  and  he  had  discovered 
and  resisted  the  criminal  attempt.  The  people  of 
Rome  would  act  neither  justly  nor  rightly,^  if  they 
denied  him  the  privileges  of  the  law  of  nations.  In 
conclusion,  he  said  that  he  would  soon  send  envoys 
to  Rome  to  explain  the  whole  affair.  Thereupon 
both  parties  separated  ;  no  opportunity  was  allowed 
of  addressing  Adherbal. 

XXIII.  Jugurtha  waited  until  he  thought  that 
the  envoys  had  left  Africa,  and  then,  finding  hims'elf 
unable  to  take  Cirta  by  storm  because  of  its  natural 
strength,  surrounded  its  wall  with  a  rampart  and 
a  ditch.  He  built  towers  and  filled  them  with  armed 
men,  attacked  besides  day  and  night  either  with 
force  or  craft,  now  offering  bribes  to  the  defenders 
and  now  threats,  rousing  his  own  men  to  courage 
by  exhortations  and  displaying  the  greatest  vigour 
in  all  his  efforts. 

When  Adherbal  saw  that  all  his  fortunes  were  in 
jeopardy,  that  his  enemy  was  implacable,  that  there 
was  no  hope  of  succour,  and  that  because  of  lack  of 

183 


SALLUST 

penuria  rerum  necessariarum  bellum  trahi  non  posse, 
ex  eis  qui  una  Cirtam  profugerant  duos  maxume 
impigros  delegit.  Eos  multa  poUicendo  ac  miserando 
casum  suum  confirmat  uti  per  hostium  munitiones 
noctu  ad  proxumum  mare,  dein  Romam  pergerent. 

XXIV.  Numidae  paucis  diebus  iussa  efficiunt. 
Litterae  Adherbalis  in  senatu  recitatae,  quarum 
sententia  haec  fuit : 

2  "  Non  mea  culpa  saepe  ad  vos  oratum  mitto,  patres 
conscripti,  sed  vis  lugurthae  subigit,  quern  tanta 
lubido  extinguendi  me  invasit,  ut  neque  vos  neque 
deos  immortalis  in  animo  habeat,  sanguinem  meum 

3  quam  omnia  malit.  Itaque  quintum  iam  mensem 
socius  et  amicus  populi  Romani  armis  obsessus 
teneor,  neque  mihi  Micipsae  patris  mei  benificia 
neque    vostra    decreta    auxiliantur ;     ferro   an    fame 

4  acrius  urgear  incertus  sum.  Plura  de  lugurtha 
scribere  dehortatur  me  fortuna  mea.      Etiam  antea 

5  expertus  sum  parum  fidei  miseris  esse.  Nisi  tamen 
intellego  ilium  suj)ra  quam  ego  sum  petere  neque 
simul  amicitiam  vostram  et  regnum  meum  sperare. 
Utrum    gravius    existumet,    nemini    occultum     est. 

6  Nam  initio  occidit  Hiempsalem  fratrem  meum, 
deinde  patrio  regno  me  expulit.      Quae  sane  fuerint 

7  nostrae  iniuriae,  nihil  ad  vos.  Verum  nunc  vostrum 
regnum    armis    tenet,    me,    queni    vos    imperatorem 

184 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxiii.  2-xxiv.  7 

the  necessities  of  life  he  could  not  endure  a  protracted 
war,  he  selected  two  of  the  boldest  of  the  soldiers 
who  had  fled  with  him  to  Cirta.  These  he  induced 
by  many  promises,  iand  by  dwelling  upon  his  des- 
perate plight,  to  make  their  way  through  the  enemy's 
lines  by  night  to  the  nearest  sea-coast,  and  from  there 
to  Rome. 

XXIV.  Within  a  few  days  these  Numidians  had 
carried  out  Adherbal's  instructions,  and  a  letter  of 
his  was  read  in  the  senate,  of  which  the  substance 
was  as  follows  : 

"  It  is  no  fault  of  mine,  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  that 
I  often  address  an  appeal  to  you  ;  on  the  contrary,  I 
am  constrained  by  the  violence  of  Jugurtha,  who  is 
possessed  with  such  a  desire  for  my  destruction  that 
he  regards  neither  you  nor  the  immortal  Gods,  but 
above  everything  thirsts  for  my  blood.  Hence  it  is 
that  I,  though  an  ally  and  friend  of  the  Roman 
people,  have  now  for  more  than  four  months  been 
held  in  a  state  of  siege,  and  that  neither  the  services 
of  my  father  Micipsa  nor  your  decrees  avail  me ; 
whether  sword  or  famine  press  harder  on  me  I  know 
not.  My  condition  would  dissuade  me  from  writing 
more  about  Jugurtha  ;  for  I  have  already  learned  that 
little  confidence  is  bestowed  upon  the  unfortunate. 
Except  that  I  feel  sure  that  he  is  aiming  at  a 
higher  mark  than  myself,  and  that  he  does  not 
hope  at  the  same  time  for  your  friendship  and 
my  kingdom.  Which  of  these,  two  he  values  the 
more  highly  is  evident  to  everyone ;  for  he  first 
slew  Hiempsal,  my  brother,  and  then  drove  me  from 
my  father's  kingdom.  With  my  personal  wrongs  you 
have  no  concern,  but  it  is  your  realm  that  he  now 
holds  by  force  of  arms,  and  it  is  I,  whom  you  made 

185 


SALLUST 

Numidis  posuistis,  clausutn  obsidet ;  legatorum  verbca 

8  quanti    fecerit,    pericula    mea   declarant.     Quid    est 

9  reliquom  nisi  vis  vostra^  quo  moved  possit  ?  Nam 
ego  quidem  vellem  et  haec  quae  scribo  et  ilia  quae 
antea  in  senatu  questus  sum  vana  forent  potius  quam 

10  miseria  mea  fidem  verbis  faceret.     Sed  quoniam  eo 
natus  sum,  ut  lugurthae    scelerum   ostentui  essem, 

•  non  iam  mortem  neque  aerumnas,  tantum  modo 
inimioi  imperium  et  cruciatus  corporis  deprecor. 
Regno  Numidiae,  quod  vostrum  est,  uti  lubet 
consulite ;  me  manibus  impiis  eripite,  per  maiestatem 
imperi,  per  amicitiae  fidem,  si  ulla  apud  vos  memoria 
remanet  avi  mei  Masinissae." 

XXV.   His    litteris    recitatis   fuere  qui  exercitum 

in  Africam  mittundum  censerent  et  quam  primum 

Adherbali  subveniundum  ;   de  lugurtha  interim  uti 

2*consuleretur,  quoniam    legatis   non    paruisset.     Sed 

ab  eisdem  illis  regis  fautoribus  summa  ope  enisum 

3  est  ne  tale  decretum  fieret.  Ita  bonum  publicum, 
ut  in  plerisque  negotiis  solet,  privata  gratia  devictum. 

4  Legantur  tamen  in  Africam  maiores  natu  nobiles, 
amplis  honoribus  usi.  In  quis  fuit  M.  Scaurus  de 
quo  supra  memoravimus,  consularis  et  tum  senatus 
princeps. 

5  Ei,  quod  res  in  invidia  erat,  simul  et  ab  Numidis 
obsecrati,    triduo     navem    ascendere.       Dein    brevi 

1 86 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGUHTHA,  xxiv.  7-xxv.  5 

ruler  of  Numidia,  that  he  is  besiegmg.  How  much 
regard  he  has  for  the  commands  of  your  envoys  is 
shown  by  my  perilous  state.  What  is  there  left  but 
your  might  which  can  influence  him  ?  For  my  own 
part^  I  could  wish  that  these  words  which  I  am  now 
writing,  and  the  complaints  which  I  have  already 
made  in  the  senate,  were  false,  rather  than  that 
they  should  be  proved  true  by  my  own  wretched- 
ness. But  since  I  was  created  merely  to  be  a 
monument  to  Jugurtha's  crimes,  I  no  longer  pray  to 
be  spared  death  or  unhappiness,  but  only  that  1  may 
escape  the  tyranny  of  an  enemy  and  bodily  torment. 
As  to  Numidia,  which  is  yours,  take  any  action  you 
choose,  but  save  me  from  impious  hands,  I  implore 
you  by  the  majesty  of  your  empire  and  by  the  loyalty 
of  your  friendship,  if  you  retain  any  memory  at  all 
of  my  grandfather  Masinissa." 

XXV.  Upon  the  reading  of  this  letter  some  were 
for  sending  an  army  to  Africa  and  rendering  aid  to 
Adherbal  as  soon  as  possible,  recommending  that  in 
the  meantime  the  senate  should  take  cognizance  of 
Jugurtha's  failure  to  obey  the  envoys.  But  those 
same  partisans  of  the  king  to  whom  I  have  already 
referred  used  every  effort  to  prevent  the  passing  of 
such  a  decree.  Thus,  as  happens  in  many  instances, 
the  public  welfare  was  sacrificed  to  private  interests. 
Nevertheless  men  of  years  and  rank,  who  had  held 
the  highest  offices  of  state,  were  sent  to  Africa, 
among  them  Marcus  Scaurus,  of  whom  I  have  already 
spoken,  an  ex-consul  and  at  the  time  the  leader  of 
the  senate. 

These  men,  influenced  by  the  public  indignation 
and  also  by  the  prayers  of  the  Numidians,  embarked 
within  three  days.     Landing   shortly   afterward    at 

187 


SALLUST 

Uticam    appulsi     litteras    ad    lugurtham    mittunt : 
quam  ocissume  ad  provinciam  accedat  seque  ad  euni 

6  ab  senatu  missos.  Ille  ubi  accepit  homines  claros, 
quorum  auctoritatem  Romae  pollere  audiverat,  contra 
inceptum  suum  venisse,  primo  commotus  metu  atque 

7  lubidine  divorsus  agitabatur.  Timebat  iram  senatus, 
ni  paruisset  legatis  ;    porro  animus  cupidine  caecus 

8  ad  inceptum  scelus  rapiebatur.    Vicit  tamen  in  avido 

9  ingenio  pravom  consilium.  Igitur  exercitu  circum- 
dato  summa  vi  Cirtam  irrumpere  nititur,  maxume 
sperans  diducta  ^  manu  hostium  aut  vi  aut  dolis  sese 

10  casum  victoriae  inventurum.  Quod  ubi  secus  procedit 
neque  quod  intenderat  efficere  potest,  ut  prius  quam 
legates  conveniret  Adherbalis  potiretur,  ne  amplius 
morando  Scaurum,  quern  plurumum  metuebat,  in- 
cenderet,  cum  paucis  equitibus  in  provinciam   venit. 

11  Ac  tametsi  senati  verbis  graves  minae  nuntiabantur, 
quod  ab  oppugnatione  non  desisteret,  multa  tamen 
oratione  consumpta  legati  frustra  discessere. 

XXVI.  Ea  postquam  Cirtae  audita  sunt,  Italici, 
quorum  virtute  nioenia  defensabantur,  confisi  dedi- 
tione  facta  propter  magnitudinem  populi  Romani 
inviolatos  sese  fore,  Adherbali  suadent  uti  seque  et 
2  oppidum  lugurthae  tradat,  tantum  ab  eo  vitapi 
paciscatur,  de  ceteris  senatui  curae  fore.  At  ille, 
tametsi  omnia  potiora  fide  lugurthae  rebatur,  tamen 

^  P  and  other  (jood  mi^s.  have  ducta. 

^  See  xxi.  2. 

i88 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxv.  5-xxvi.  2 

Utica,  they  sent  a  letter  to  Juguitha,  directing  him  to 
come  as  speedily  as  possible  to  the  Roman  province, 
adding  that  they  had  been  sent  to  him  by  the  senate! 
When    Jugurtha   learned   that   men  of  distinction, 
whose  influence  at  Rome  was  said  to  be  powerful,  had 
come  to  oppose  his  attempt,  he  was  at  first  greatly 
disturbed  and  began  to  waver  between  fear  and  greed. 
He  dreaded  the  senate's  wrath  in  case  he  disobeyed 
the  envoys  ;  at  the  same  time  his  spirit,  blinded  by 
cupidity,  urged  him  to  consummate  his  crime.   But  in 
his  greedy  soul  the  worst  counsel  prevailed.    Accord- 
ingly he  surrounded  Cirta  with  his  army,  and  made 
a  supreme   effort  to  carry  the    town,   having  great 
hopes  that  by  extending  the  enemy's  line  of  defence 
he  might  find   an  opportunity  for  victory  either  in 
force  or  in  stratagem.   But  when  he  was  disappointed 
in  this  and  thwarted  in  his  purpose  of  getting  Ad- 
herbal  into  his  power  before  meeting  the  envoys    he 
was  unwilling  by  further  delay  to  exasperate  Scaurus, 
whom  he  particularly  feared ;  he  therefore  came  into 
our  province  with  a  few  horsemen.     But  although 
terrible  threats  were  made  in  the  name  of  the  senate 
because  he  did  not  abandon  the  siege,  the  envoys 
went   away   unsuccessful    after    wasting   a    deal    of 
oratory. 

XXVI.  When  this  was  reported  at  Cirta,  the 
Itahotes,!  on  whose  valour  the  defence  of  the  town 
depended,  were  confident  that  in  the  event  of  sur- 
render they  would  escape  injury  because  of  the 
prestige  of  Rome.  They  therefore  advised  Adher- 
bal  to  deliver  himself  and  the  town  to  Jugurtha 
stipulating  merely  that  his  life  should  be  spared  and 
eaving  the  rest  to  the  senate.  But  Adherbal,  though 
he  thought  that  anything  was  better  than  trusting  to 

189 


SALLUST 

quia  penes  eosdem,  si  advorsaretur,  cogundi  potestas 
erat,  ita  uti  censuerant  Italici  deditionem  facit. 
3  lugurtha  in  primis  Adherbalem  excruciatum  necat, 
deinde  omnis  puberes  Numidas  atqiie  negotiatores 
promiscue,  uti  quisque  armatus^  obvius  fuerat, 
interficit. 

XXVII.  Quod  postquam  Romae  cognitum  est  et  res 
in  senatu  agitari  coepta,  idem  illi  ministri  regis 
interpellando  ac  saepe  gratia,  interdum  iurgiis  tra- 

2  hundo  tempus,  atrocitatem  facti  leniebant.  Ac  ni 
C.  Memmius  tribunus  plebis  designatus,  vir  acer  et 
infestus  potentiae  nobilitatis,  populum  Romanum 
edocuisset  id  agi  ut  per  paucos  factiosos  lugurthae 
scehis  condonaretur,  profecto  omnis  invidia  prolatan- 
dis  consultationibus  dilapsa  foret ;  tanta  vis  gratiae 

3  atque  pecuniae  regis  erat.  Sed  ubi  senatus  delicti 
conscientia  populum  timet,  lege  Sempronia  provinciae 
futuris    consulibus    Numidia   atque    Italia   decretae, 

4  consules  declarati  P.  Scipio  Nasica,  L.   Bestia ;    Cal- 

5  purnio  Numidia,  Scipioni  Italia  obvenit.  Deinde 
exercitus  qui  in  Africam  portaretur  scribitur,  stipen- 
dium  aliaque  quae  bello  usui  forent  decernuntur. 

XXVIII.  At  lugurtha,  contra  spem  nuntio  accepto, 
quippe  cui  Romae  omnia  venire  ^  in  animo  haeserat, 
filium  et  cum  eo  duos  familiaris  ad  senatum  legatos 

^  Some  good  mas.  have  armatis. 

'^  Some  good  mss.  have  venum  ire  or  iri. 


^  See  note  on  p.  44. 


190 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxvi.  2-xxviii.  i 

Jugurtha,  yet  because  the  Italiotes  were  in  a  position 
to  use  compulsion  if  he  opposed  them,  surrendered  on 
the  terms  which  they  had  advised.  Thereupon  Ju- 
gurtha  first  tortured  Adherbal  to  death  and  then 
made  an  indiscriminate  massacre  of  all  the  adult 
Numidians  and  of  traders  whom  he  found  with  arms 
in  their  hands. 

XX Vn.  When  this  outrage  became  known  at  Rome 
and  the  matter  was  brought  up  for  discussion  in  the 
senate,  those  same  tools  of  the  king,  by  interrupting 
the  discussions  and  wasting  time,  often  through  their 
personal  influence,  often  by  wrangling,  tried  to  dis- 
guise the  atrocity  of  the  deed.  And  had  not  Gaius 
Memmius,  tribune  of  the  commons  elect,  a  man  of 
spirit  who  was  hostile  to  the  domination  of  the  nobles, 
made  it  clear  to  the  populace  of  Rome  that  the  motive 
of  these  tactics  was  to  condone  Jugurtha's  crime 
through  the  influence  of  a  few  of  his  partisans,  the 
deliberations  would  undoubtedly  have  been  protracted 
until  all  indignation  had  evaporated  :  so  great  was 
the  power  of  the  king's  influence  and  money.  But 
when  the  senate  from  consciousness  of  guilt  began  to 
fear  the  people,  Numidia  and  Italy,  as  the  Sempron- 
ian  law^  required,  were  assigned  to  the  consuls  who 
should  next  be  elected.  The  consuls  in  question  were 
Publius  Scipio  Nasica  and  Lucius  Calpurnius  Bestia  ; 
Numidia  fell  to  Bestia,  Italy  to  Scipio.  An  army 
was  then  enrolled  to  be  transported  to  Africa,  the 
soldiers'  pay  and  other  necessaries  of  war  were 
voted. 

XXVIII.  When  Jugurtha  heard  this  unexpected 
news  (for  he  had  a  firm  conviction  that  at  Rome  any- 
thing could  be  bought)  he  sent  his  son,  and  with  him 
two  friends,  as  envoys  to  the  senate,  giving  them  the 

191 


SALLUST 

mittit    eisque,    uti    illis    quos    Hiempsale    interfecto 
miserat,  praecipit  omnis  mortalis  ])ecunia  af^gredian- 

2  till*.  Qui  postquam  *  Romam  adventabant,  senatus 
a  Bestia  consultus  est  placeretne  legates  lugurthae 
recipi  moenibus,  eique  decrevere,  nisi  regnum 
ipsumque  deditum  venissent,  uti  in  diebus  proxumis 

3  decern  Italia  decederent.  Consul  Numidis  ex  senatus 
decreto  nuntiari  iubet ;  ita  infectis  rebus  illi  domum 
discedunt. 

4  Interim  Calpurnius,  parato  exercitu,  legat  sibi 
homines  nobilis,  faetiosos^  quorum  auctoritate  quae 
deliquisset  munita  fore  sperabat.  In  quis  fuit  Scaurus, 

5  cuius  de  natura  et  habitu  supra  memoravimus.  Nam 
in  consule  nostro  multae  bonaeque  artes  animi  et 
corporis  erant,  quas  omnis  avaritia  praepediebat ; 
patiens  laborum,  acri  ingenio,  satis  providens,  belli 
baud  ignarus,  firmissumus  contra  pericula  et  insidias. 

6  Sed  legiones  per  Italiam  Regium  atque  inde  Siciliam^ 

7  porro  ex  Sicilia  in  Africara  transvectae.  Igitur  Cal- 
purnius  initio^  paratis  commeatibus,  acriter  Numidiam 
ingressus  est  multosque  mortalis  et  urbis  aliquot  pug- 
nando  cepit. 

XXIX.  Sed   ubi    lugurtha    per    legatos    pecunia 

temptare    bellique  quod  administrabat    asperitatem 

ostendere  coepit,  animus  aeger  avaritia  facile  convor- 

2  sus    est.      Ceterum    socius    et    administer    omnium 

^  See  XV.  4. 
19 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,xxvni.  i-xxix.  2 

same  directions  that  he  had  given  those  whom  he  sent 
after  murdering  Hiempsal^  namely,  to  try  the  power 
of  money  on  everybody.  As  this  deputation  drew  near 
the  city_,  Bestia  referred  to  the  senate  the  question 
whether  they  would  consent  to  receive  Jugurtha's 
envoys  within  the  walls.  The  members  thereupon 
decreed  that  unless  the  envoys  had  come  to  surrender 
the  king  and  his  kingdom,  they  must  leave  Italy 
within  the  next  ten  days.  The  consul  gave  orders 
that  the  Numidians  should  be  notified  of  the  senate's 
action ;  they  therefore  went  home  without  fulfilling 
their  mission. 

Meanwhile  Calpurnius,  having  levied  his  army, 
chose  as  his  lieutenants  men  of  noble  rank  and 
strong  party  spirit,  by  whose  influence  he  hoped  that 
any  misdeeds  of  his  would  be  upheld.  Among  these 
was  Scaurus,  whose  character  and  conduct  I  described 
a  short  time  ago.^  For  though  our  consul  possessed 
many  excellent  qualities  of  mind  and  body,  they  were 
all  nullified  by  avarice.  He  had  great  endurance,  a 
keen  intellect,  no  little  foresight,  considerable  mili- 
tary experience,  and  a  stout  heart  in  the  face  of 
dangers  and  plots.  Now  the  legions  were  trans- 
ported across  Italy  to  Rhegium,  from  there  to  Sicily, 
from  Sicily  to  Africa.  Then  Calpurnius,  having  pro- 
vided himself  with  supplies,  began  by  making  a 
vigorous  attack  on  the  Numidians,  taking  many 
prisoners  and  storming  several  of  their  towns. 

XXIX.  But  when  Jugurtha  through  his  emissaries 
began  to  try  the  power  of  money  upon  Calpurnius 
and  to  point  out  the  difficulty  of  the  war  which  he 
was  conducting,  the  consul's  mind,  demoralized  as  it 
was  by  avarice,  was  easily  turned  from  its  purpose. 
Moreover,  he  took  Scaurus  as  an  accomplice  and  tool 

193 


SALLUST 

consiliorum  adsumitur  Scaurus,  qui  tametsi  a  princi- 
pio,  plerisque  ex  factione  eius  corruptis,  acerrume 
regem  impugnaverat^  tamen  magnitudine  pecuniae  a 

3  bono  honestoque  in  pravom  abstractus  est.  Sed 
lugurtha  primum  tantum  modo  belli  moram  redime- 
bat,  existumans  sese  aliquid  interim  Romae  pretio 
aut  gratia  efFecturum.  Postea  vero  quain  participem 
negoti  Scaurum  accepit,  in  maxumam  spem  adductus 
recuperandae  pacis,  statuit  cum  eis  de  omnibus 
pactionibus  praesens  agere. 

4  Ceterum  interea  •  fidei  causa  mittitur  a  consule 
Sextius  quaestor  in  oppidum  lugurthae  Vagam.^ 
Cufus  rei  species  erat  acceptio  frumenti,  quod  Cal- 
purnius  palam  legatis  imperaverat  quoniam  deditionis 

5  mora  indutiae  agitabantur.  Igitur  rex^  uti  constituerat, 
in  castra  venit  ac  pauca  praesenti  consilio  locutus  de 
invidia  facti  sui  atque  uti  in  deditionem  acciperetur, 
reliqua  cum  Bestia  et  Scauro  secreta  transigit.  Dein 
postero  die^  quasi  per  saturam  sententiis  exquisitis,  in 

6  deditionem  accipitur.  Sed  uti  pro  consilio  imperatum 
erat,  elephanti  triginta,  pecus  atque  equi  multi  cum 

7  parvo  argenti  pondere  quaestori  traduntur.     Calpur- 

^  The  form  r/iven  by  some  good  mss.  as  well  as  in  inscrr. 
and  the  Greek  writers ;  P  and  some  other  good  mss.  have 
Vaccam  or  Vacam. 


^  A  council  of  war,  called  to  consider  the  terms  of 
surrender.  Sucli  a  council  commonly  consisted  of  the  Itgati, 
tribunes,  and  chief  centurions. 

194 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxix.  2-7 

in  all  his  designs ;  for  although  at  first,  even  after 
many  of  his  own  party  had  been  seduced,  Scaurus 
had  vigorously  opposed  the  king,  a  huge  bribe  had 
turned  him  from  honour  and  virtue  to  criminality. 
At  first,  however,  Jugurtha  merely  purchased  a  de- 
lay in  hostilities,  thinking  that  he  could  meanwhile 
effect  something  at  Rome  by  bribery  or  by  his 
personal  interest.  But  as  soon  as  he  learned  that 
Scaurus  was  implicated,  he  conceived  a  strong  hope 
of  gaining  peace,  and  decided  to  discuss  all  the 
conditions  in  person  with  the  envoys. 

But  meanwhile,  as  a  token  of  good  faith,  the  consul 
sent  his  quaestor  Sextius  to  Vaga,  a  town  of  Jugur- 
tha's,  ostensibly  to  receive  the  grain  which  Calpurnius 
had  publicly  demanded  of  the  envoys  in  return,  for 
observing  an  armistice  until  a  surrender  should  be 
arranged.  Thereupon  the  king,  as  he  had  agreed, 
came  to  the  camp  and  after  he  had  spoken  a  few 
words  in  the  presence  of  the  council  ^  in  justifica- 
tion of  his  conduct  and  had  asked  to  be  received  in  sur- 
render, he  arranged  the  rest  privately  with  Bestia  and 
Scaurus.  Then  on  the  next  day  an  irregular  vote  " 
was  taken  and  the  surrender  accepted.  As  had  been 
ordered  before  the  council,  thirty  elephants,  many 
cattle  and  horses,  with  a  small  amount  of  silver^  were 
handed  over  to  the  quaestor.  Calpurnius  went  to  Rome 

'^  That  is,  all  the  questions  involved  were  voted  on  together 
in  a  confused  and  irregular  manner.  Festus,  s.v.  satnra,  says: 
satura  est  cibi  genus  ex  variis  rebus  conditum  et  lex  multis 
rebus  conferta  (an  "omnibus"  bill).  He  adds:  Itaque  in 
sanctione  leyum  adscribiiur :  neve  per  saturam  abrogato  aitt 
derogato  ;  i.e.  no  existing  law  is  to  be  abrogated  by  a  vote 
of  that  kind. 

^  This  payment  to  the  state  was  apart  from  the  private 
arrangement  with  Scaurus  and  Bestia. 

195 


SALLUST 

nius   Romam  ad  magistratus   rogandos   proficiscitur. 
In  Niimidia  et  exercitu  iiostro  pax  agitabatur. 

XXX.  Postquam  res  in  Africa  gestas  quoque  modo 
actae  forent  fama  divolgavit,  Romae  per  omnis  locos 
et  conventus  de  facto  consulis  agitari.  Apud  plebem 
gravis  invidia,  patres  solliciti  erant :  probarentne 
tantum  flagitium  an  decretum  consulis  subvorterent 

2  parum  constabat.  Ac  maxume  eds  potentia  Scauri, 
quod   is  auctor   et   socius   Bestiae  ferebatur,  a  vero 

3  bonoque  impediebat.  At  C.  Memmius,  cuius  de 
libertate  ingeni  et  odio  potentiae  nobilitatis  supra 
diximus,  inter  dubitationem  et  moras  senatus  con- 
tionibus  populum  ad  vindicandum  hortari,  monere 
ne  rem  publicam,  ne  ^  libertatem  suam  desererent, 
multa  superba  et  crudelia  facinora  nobilitatis  osten- 
dere ;    prorsus   intenfus   omni  modo   plebis  animum 

4  incendebat.  Sed  quoniam  ea  tempestate  Romae 
Memmi  facundia  clara  poUensque  fuit,  decere  existu- 
mavi  unam  ex  tam  multis  orationem  eius  perscribere 
ac  potissumum  ea  dicam^  quae  ^  in  contione  post 
reditum  Bestiae  huiuscemodi  verbis  disseruit. 

XXXI.  "  Multa  me  dehortantur  a  vobis,  Quirites, 
ni  studium  rei  publicae  omnia  superet :  opes  factionis, 
vostra  patientia,  ius  nullum^  ac  maxume  quod  inno- 

2  centiae   plus  periculi  quam   honoris   est.     Nam  ilia 

1  The  reading  of  the  inferior  mss. ;  P  and  the  other  good 
mss.  have  P.R.  ne, 

2  P  and  some  other  good  msa.  have  earn  .  .  .  quae  or  earn 
quam. 

196 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxix.  7-xxxi.  2 

to  preside  at  the  elections.     In  Numidia  and  in  our 
army  peace  reigned. 

XXX.  When  the  news  was  circulated  at  Rome  of 
what  had  happened  in  Africa,  and  how  it  was  brought 
about,  the  consul's  conduct  was  discussed  wherever 
men  gathered  together.  The  commons  were  highly 
indignant,  while  the  senators  were  in  suspense  and 
unable  to  make  up  their  minds  whether  to  condone 
such  an  outrage  or  to  set  aside  the  consul's  decree. 
In  particular  the  power  of  Scaurus,  who  was  reported 
to  be  Bestia's  abettor  and  accomplice,  deterred  them 
from  acting  justly  and  honourably.  But  while  the 
senate  delayed  and  hesitated,  Gaius  Memrriius,  of 
whose  independence  and  hatred  of  the  power  of  the 
nobles  I  have  already  spoken,^  urged  the  assembled 
people  to  vengeance,  warned  them  not  to  prove  false 
to  their  country  and  their  own  liberties,  pointed  out 
the  many  arrogant  and  cruel  deeds  of  the  nobles  :  in 
short,  did  his  utmost  in  every  way  to  inflame  the 
minds  of  the  commons.  And  since  the  eloquence  of 
Memmius  was  famous  and  potent  in  Rome  at  that 
time,^  I  have  thought  it  worth  while  to  reproduce 
one  of  his  numerous  speeches,  and  I  shall  select  the 
one  which  he  delivered  before  the  people  after  the 
return  of  Bestia.     It  ran  as  follows  : 

XXXI.  "  Were  not  devotion  to  our  country  para- 
mount, I  should  be  deterred,  fellow  citizens,  from 
addressing  you  by  many  considerations  :  the  power  of 
the  dominant  faction,  your  spirit  of  submission,  the 
absence  of  justice,  and  esp'ecially  because  more  dan- 
ger  than   honour   awaits   integrity.      Some    things, 

^  See  xxvii.  2. 

2  Cicero,  however  [Bnitu-i,  136),  speaks  of  Memmius  and 
his  brother  as  oratores  mediocres. 

197 


SALLUST 

quidem  piget  dicere,  his  annis  quindecim  quam  ludi- 
brio  fueritis  superbiae  paucorum,  quam  foede  quam- 
que  inulti  perierint  vostri  defensores,  ut  vobis  animus 

3  ab  ignavia  atque  socordia  corruptus  sit,  qui  ne  nunc 
quidem,  obnoxiis  inimicis,  exsurgitis  atque  etiam  nunc 

4  timetis  eos  quibus  decet  terrori  esse.  Sed  quamquam 
haec  talia  sunt,  tamen  obviam  ire  factionis  potentiae 

5  animus  subigit.  Certe  ego  libertatem,  quae  mihi  a 
parente  meo  tradita  est,  experiar.  Verum  id  frustra 
an  ob  rem  faciam,  in  vostra  manu  situm  est,  Quirites. 

C  Neque  ego  vos  hortor,  quod  saepe  maiores  vestri 
fecere,  uti  contra  iniurias  armati  eatis ;  nihil  vi, 
nihil  secessione  opus  est.     Necesse  est  suomet  ipsi 

7  more  praecipites  eant.  Occiso  Ti.  Graccho,  quem 
regnum  parare  aiebant,  in  plebem  Romanam  quaes- 
tiones  habitae  sunt.  Post  C.  Gracchi  et  M.  Fulvi 
caedem  item  vostri  ordinis  multi  mortales  in  carcere 
necati  sunt.  Utriusque  cladis  non  lex  verum  lubido 
eorum  finem  fecit. 

8  ''  Sed  sane  fuerit  regni  paratio  plebi  sua  restituere. 
Quidquid  sine  sanguine  civium  ulcisci  nequitur,  iure 

9  factum  sit.  Superioribus  annis  taciti  indignabamini 
aerarium  expilari,  reges  et  populos  liberos  paucis 
nobilibus  vectigal  pendere,  penes  eosdem  et  summam 
gloriam  ut  maxumas  divitias  esse.  Tamen  haec  talia 
facinora  impune   suscepisse    parum    habuere    itaque 


*  That  is,  through  their  own  vices  and  crimes. 
2  Before  a  special  tribunal  formed  to  try  the  supporters  of 
Tiberius  Gracchus  for  treason. 

198 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxxi.  2-9 

indeed,  I  am  ashamed  to  speak  of :  how  during  the 
past  fifteen  years  you  have  been  the  sport  of  a 
few  men's  insolence ;  how  shamefully  your  defenders 
have  perished  unavenged ;  how  your  own  spirits 
have  been  so  demoralized  because  of  weakness  and 
cowardice  that  you  do  not  rise  even  now,  when 
your  enemies  are  in  your  power,  but  still  fear  those 
in  whom  you  ought  to  inspire  fear.  But  although 
conditions  are  such,  yet  my  spirit  prompts  me  to 
brave  the  power  of  this  faction.  At  least,  I  shall 
make  use  of  the  freedom  of  speech  which  is  my  in- 
heritance from  my  father ;  but  whether  I  shall  do  so 
in  vain  or  to  good  purpose  lies  in  your  hands,  my 
countrymen.  I  do  not  urge  you  to  take  up  arms 
against  your  oppressors,  as  your  fathers  often  did  ; 
there  is  no  need  of  violence,  none  of  secession. 
They  must  go  to  ruin  their  own  way.^  After  the 
murder  of  Tiberius  Gracchus,  whom  they  accused 
of  trying  to  make  himself  king,  prosecutions  were 
instituted  against  the  Roman  commons. ^  Again,  after 
Gaius  Gracchus  and  Marcus  Fulvius  were  slain,  many 
men  of  your  order  suffered  death  in  the  dungeon.*^ 
In  both  cases  bloodshed  was  ended,  not  by  law,  but 
by  the  caprice  of  the  victors. 

"  But  let  us  admit  that  to  restore  their  rights  to 
the  commons  was  the  same  thing  as  to  aspire  to  royal 
power,  and  that  whatever  cannot  be  avenged  without 
shedding  the  blood  of  citizens  was  justly  done.  In 
former  years  you  were  silently  indignant  that  the 
treasury  was  pillaged,  that  kings  and  free  peoples  paid 
tribute  to  a  few  nobles,  that  those  nobles  possessed 
supreme  glory  and  vast  wealth.  Yet  they  were  not 
satisfied  with  having  committed  with  impunity  these 

^  See  note  on  xvi,  2. 

199 


SALLUST 

postremo  leges,  maiestas  vostra,  divina  et  humana 

10  omnia  hostibus  tradita  sunt.  Neque  eos,  qui  ea 
fecere,  pudet  aut  paenitet,  sed  incedunt  per  ora 
vostra  magnifici,  sacerdotia  et  consulatus_,  pars  trium- 
phos  suos  ostentantes  ;  proinde  quasi  ea  honori  non 
praedae  habeant. 

1 1  "  Servi  aere  parati  iniusta  imperia  dominorum  non 
perferunt;  vos^  Quirites,  in  imperio  nati,  aequo  animo 

12  servitutem  toleratis  ?  At  qui  sunt  ei_,  qui  rem  pub- 
licam  occupavere  ?  Homines  scelerafissumi,  cruentis 
manibus,  immani  avaritia,  nocentissumi  et  eidem 
superbissumi,   quibus  fides,  decus,  pietas,  postremo 

13  honesta  atque  inhonesta  omnia  quaestui  sunt.  Pars 
eorum  occidisse  tribunos  plebis,  alii  quaestiones 
iniustas,  plerique   caedem  in  vos  fecisse  pro  muni- 

14  mento  habent.  Ita  quam  quisque  pessume  fecit  tam 
maxume  tutus  est.  Metum  ab  scelere  suo  ad  ignaviam 
vostram    transtulere,    quos    omnis    eadem    cupere, 

15  eadem  odisse,  eadem  metuere  in  unum  coegit.  Sed 
haec  inter  bonos   amicitia,    inter    malos    factio    est. 

16  Quodsi  tam  vos  libertatis  curam  haberetis  quam  illi 
ad  dominationem  accensi  sunt,  profecto  neque  res 
publica,   sicuti   nunc,   vastaretur    et   benificia   vostra 

17  penes  optumos  non  audacissumos  forent.  Maiores 
vostri  parandi  iuris  et  maiestatis  constituendae  gratia 
bis  per  secessionem  armati  Aventinum  occupavere. 

1  That  is,  "  they  ought  to  feel  fear  because  of  tlieir  crimes, 
but  you  feel  it  instead  because  of  your  cowardice." 

200 


THE  WAR  WITH   JUGURTHA,  xxxi.  9-17 

great  crimes,  apd  so  at  last  the  laws,  your  sovereignty, 
and  all  things  human  and  divine  have  been  delivered 
to  your  enemies.  And  they  who  have  done  these 
things  are  neither  ashamed  nor  sorry,  but  they  walk 
in  grandeur  before  your  eyes,  some  flaunting  their 
priesthoods  and  consulships,  others  their  triumphs, 
just  as  if  these  were  honours  and  not  stolen  goods. 

'^  Slaves  bought  with  a  price  do  not  put  up  with 
unjust  treatment  from  their  masters;  will  you, 
Roman  citizens  born  to  power,  endure  slavery  with 
patience?  But  who  are  they  who  have  seized  upon 
our  country  ?  Men  stained  with  crime,  with  gory 
hands,  of  monstrous  greed,  guilty,  yet  at  the  same 
time  full  of  pride,  who  have  made  honour,  reputation, 
loyalty,  in  short  everything  honourable  and  dis- 
honourable, a  source  of  gain.  Some  of  them  are 
safeguarded  by  having  slain  tribunes  of  the  commons, 
others  by  unjust  prosecutions,  many  by  having  shed 
your  blood.  Thus  the  more  atrocious  the  conduct, 
the  greater  the  safety.  They  have  shifted  fear  from 
their  crimes  to  your  cowardice,^  united  as  they  are  by 
the  same  desires,  the  same  hatred,  the  same  fears. 
This  among  good  men  constitutes  friendship ;  among 
the  wicked  it  is  faction.  But  if  your  love  of  freedom 
were  as  great  as  the  thirst  for  tyranny  which  spurs 
them  on,  surely  our  country  would  not  be  torn 
asunder  as  it  now  is,  and  your  favours  would  be 
bestowed  on  the  most  virtuous,  not  on  the  most 
reckless.  Your  forefathers,  to  assert  their  legal 
rights  and  establish  their  sovereignty,  twice  seceded 
and  took  armed  possession  of  the  Aventine  ;^  will  you 

^  There  was  only  one  secession  to  the  Aventine,  in  449  B.C. 
Other  secessions  were  to  the  Mons  Sacer  in  494  and  to  the 
JanicuUim  in  287. 

201 


SALLUST 

Vos  pro  libertate,  quam  ab  illis  accepistis,  nonne 
summa  ope  nitemini  ?  Atque  eo  vehementius,  quo 
mains  ^  dedecus  est  parta  amittere  quam  omnino  non 
paravisse. 

18  ''  Dicet  aliquis  '  Quid  igitur  censes  ?  '  Vindicandum 
in  eos  qui  hosti  prodidere  rem  publicam.  Non  manu 
neque  vi^  quod  magis  vos  fecisse  quam  illis  accidisse 
indignum  est,  verum  quaestionibus  et  indicio  ipsius 

19  lugurthae.  Qui  si  dediticius  est,  profecto  iussis  vostris 
oboediens  erit,  sin  ea  contemnit,  scilicet  existumabitis, 
qualis  ilia  pax  aut  deditio  sit,  ex  qua  ad  lugurtham 
scelerum  impunitas,  ad  paucos  potentis  maxumae 
divitiae,    ad   rem  publicam  damna    atque    dedecora 

20  pervenerint.  Nisi  forte  nondum  etiam  vos  domina- 
tionis  eorum  satietas  tenet  et  ilia  quam  haec  tem- 
pora  magis  placent,  cum  regna,  provinciae,  leges, 
iura,  iudicia,  bella  atque  paces,  postremo  divina  et 
humana  omnia  penes  paucos  erant,  vos  autem,  hoc 
est  populus  Romanus,  invicti  ab  hostibus,  impera- 
tores  omnium  gentium,  satis  habebatis  animam 
retinere ;  nam  servitutem  quidem  quis  vostrum 
recusare  audebat  ? 

21  ^'  Atque  ego,  tametsi  viro  flagitiosissumum  existumo 
impune  iniuriam  accepisse,  tamen  vos  liominibus 
sceleratissumis  ignoscere,  quoniam  cives  sunt,  aequo 
animo  paterer,  ni  misericordia  in  perniciem   casura 

22  esset.     Nam  et  illis,  quantum  importunitatis  habent, 

1  P  and  some  other  good  mss.  have  magis. 

202 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxxi.  17-22 

not  exert  yourselves  to  the  utmost  in  order  to  retain 
the  liberty  which  they  bequeathed  to  you  ?  And 
will  you  not  show  the  greater  ardour,  because  it  is 
more  shameful  to  lose  what  has  been  won  than  never 
to  have  won  it  ? 

"  I  seem  to  hear  someone  say,  '  What  then  do  you 
advise  ?'  I  reply,  '  Let  those  who  have  betrayed  their 
country  to  the  enemy  be  punished,  not  by  arms  or 
violence,  which  it  is  less  becoming  for  you  to  inflict 
than  for  them  to  suffer,  but  by  the  courts  and 
Jugurtha's  own  testimony.  If  he  is  a  prisoner  of 
war,  he  will  surely  be  obedient  to  your  commands ; 
but  if  he  scorns  them,  you  may  well  ask  yourselves 
what  kind  of  peace  or  surrender  that  is  from  which 
Jugurtha  has  gained  impunity  for  his  crimes  and  a  few 
powerful  men  immense  wealth,  while  our  country 
suffers  damage  and  disgrace.  Unless  haply  you  are  not 
even  yet  sated  with  their  domination,  unless  these 
times ^  please  you  less  than  the  days  when  kingdoms, 
provinces,  statutes,  laws,  courts,  war  and  peace,  in 
short  all  things  human  and  divine,  were  in  the  hands 
of  a  few  ;  and  when  you,  that  is  to  say  the  Roman 
people,  unconquered  by  your  enemies,  rulers  of  all 
nations,  were  content  to  retain  the  mere  breath  of 
life.     For  which  of  you  dared  to  refuse  slavery  .^ 

'^For  my  own  part,  although  I  consider  it  most 
shameful  for  a  true  man  to  suffer  wrong  without 
taking  vengeance,  yet  I  could  willingly  allow  you  to 
pardon  those  most  criminal  of  men,  since  they  are 
your  fellow  citizens,  were  it  not  that  mercy  would 
end  in  destruction.  For  such  is  their  insolence  that 
they  are  not  satisfied  to  have  done  evil  with  impunity, 

^  "  Tlie  contrast  lies  between  the  recent  period  of  oppres- 
sion and  the  chance  which  is  now  presented  of  punishing  the 
guilty  rulers  "  (Capes). 

203 


SALLUST 

parum  est  impune  male  fecisse,  nisi  deinde  faciundi 
licentia  eripitur,  et  vobis  aeterna  ^  sollicitudo  re- 
manebit,  cum  intellegetis  aut  serviundum  esse  aut 
per  manus  libertatem  retinendam. 

23  "  Nam  fidei  quidem  aut  concordiae  quae  spes  est  ? 
Dominari  illi  volunt,  vos  liberi  esse ;  facere  illi 
iniurias,  vos  prohibere ;  postremo  sociis  nostris  veluti 

24  hostibus_,  hostibus  -  pro  sociis  utuntur.      Potestne  in 

25  tam  divorsis  mentibus  pax  aut  amicitia  esse  ?  Qua 
re  moneo  hortorque  vos  ne  tantum  scelus  impunitum 
omittatis.  Non  peculatus  aerari  factus  est  neque  per 
vim  sociis  ereptae  pecuniae,  quae  quamquam  gravia 
sunt,  tamen  consuetudine  iam  pro  nihilo  habentur. 
Hosti  acerrumo  prodita  senatus  auctoritas,  proditum 
imperium  vostrum  est ;  domi  militiaeque  res  publica 

26  venalis  fuit.  Quae  nisi  quaesita  erunt,  nisi  vindica- 
tum  in  noxios,  quid  erit  relicum,  nisi  ut  illis,  qui  ea 
fecere,    oboedientes    vivamus  ?     Nam    impune    quae 

27  lubet  facere,  id  est  regem  esse.  Neque  ego  vos, 
Quirites,  hortor  ut  malitis  civis  vostros  perperam 
quam  recte  fecisse,  sed  ne  ignoscundo  malis  bonos 

28  perditum  eatis.  Ad  hoc  in  re  publica  multo  praestat 
benifici  quam  malifici  immemorem  esse.  Bonus  tan- 
tum modo  segnior  fit,  ubi  neglegas,  at  malus  improbior. 

29  Ad  hoc  si  iniuriae  non  sint,  baud  saepe  auxili  egeas." 

^   F,  P,  and  other  good  mss.  have  alterna. 
^  The  first  hostibus  is  erased  in  P,  the  second  omitted   by  V 
and  other  good  mss. 

^  The  meaning  appears  to  be  that  the  people  would  not 
need  to  bestow  favours  in  return  for  protection,  or  to  secure 

204 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxxi.  22-29 

unless  the  opportunity  for  further  wrong-doing  be 
wrung  from  you  ;  and  you  will  be  left  in  eternal 
anxiety,  because  of  the  consciousness  that  you  must 
either  submit  to  slavery  or  use  force  to  maintain 
your  freedom. 

'^  Pray,  what  hope  have  you  of  mutual  confidence 
or  harmony  ?  They  wish  to  be  tyrants,  you  to  be  free  ; 
they  desire  to  inflict  injury,  you  to  prevent  it ;  finally, 
they  treat  our  allies  as  enemies  and  our  enemies  as 
allies.  Are  peace  and  friendship  compatible  with 
sentiments  so  unlike  }  They  are  not,  and  therefore 
I  warn  and  implore  you  not  to  let  such  wickedness 
go  unscathed.  It  is  not  a  matter  of  plundering  the 
treasury  or  of  extorting  money  from  our  allies — ■ 
serious  crimes,  it  is  true,  but  so  common  now-a-days 
as  to  be  disregarded.  Nay,  the  senate's  dignity  has 
been  prostituted  to  a  ruthless  enemy,  your  sovereignty 
has  been  betrayed,  your  country  has  been  offered 
for  sale  at  home  and  abroad.  Unless  cognizance  is 
taken  of  these  outrages,  unless  the  guilty  are 
punished,  what  will  remain  except  to  pass  our  lives 
in  submission  to  those  who  are  guilty  of  these  acts  ? 
For  to  do  with  impunity  whatever  one  fancies  is  to 
be  a  king,  I  am  not  urging  you,  Romans,  to  rejoice 
rather  in  the  guilt  than  in  the  innocence  of  your 
fellow  citizens ;  but  you  should  not  insist  upon 
ruining  the  good  by  pardoning  the  wicked.  More- 
over, in  a  republic  it  is  far  better  to  forget  a  kindness 
than  an  injury.  The  good  man  merely  becomes  less 
active  in  well  doing  when  you  neglect  him,  but  the 
bad  man  grows  more  wicked.  Finally,  if  there  should 
be  no  wrongs,  you  would  not  often  need  help."  ^ 

protection  in  the  future,  and  hence  would  be  more  indepeiiB 
dent. 

205 


SALLUST 

XXXII.  Haec  atque  alia  huiuscemodi  saepe  dicun- 
do  ^  Memmius  populo  persuadet  uti  L.  Cassius,  qui 
turn  praetor  erat,  ad  lugurtham  mitteretur  eumque 
interposita  fide  publica  Romam  duceret,  quo  facilius 
indicio  regis  Scauri  et  reliquorum,  quos  pecuniae 
captae  arcessebat^^  delicta  patefierent. 

2  Dum  haec  Romae  geruntur,  qui  in  Numidia  relicti 
a  Bestia  exercitui  praeerant,  secuti  morem  imperatoris 

3  sui,  pluruma  et  flagitiosissuma  facinora  fecere.  Fuere 
qui  auro  corrupti  elephaiitos  lugurthae  traderent,  alii 
perfugas  vendere/  pars  ex  pacatis  praedas  agebant ; 

4  tanta  vis  avaritiae  in   animos  eorum  veluti  tabes  in- 

5  vaserat.  At  Cassius  praetor,  perlata  rogatione  a  C. 
Memmio  ac  perculsa  omni  nobilitate,  ad  lugurtham 
proficiscitur  eique  timido  et  ex  conscientia  diffidenti 
rebus  suis  persuadet,  quoniam  se  populo  Romano 
dedisset,  ne  vim  quam  misericordiam  eius  experiri 
mallet.  Privatim  praeterea  fidem  suam  interponit, 
quam  ille  non  minoris  quam  publicam  ducebat ;  talis 
ea  tempestate  fama  de  Cassio  erat. 

XXXIII.   Igitur    lugurtha    contra    decus    regium 

cultu  quam  maxume  miserabili  cum  Cassio  Romam 

2  venit.     Ac   tametsi   in   ipso    magna  vis   animi   erat, 

confirmatus  ab  omnibus  quorum  potentia  aut  seel  ere 

cuncta  ea  gesserat,  quae  supra  diximus,  C.  Baebium 

^  indicendo,  P  and  other  good  mss. ;  in  .  . .  dicendo,  Jordan, 
who  fiuggesl.'i  that  contione  haK  fallen  out. 
2  P  and  other  good  mss.  have  accersebat. 
'  P  and  other  good  mss.  have  venderenb. 

2o6 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxxit.  i-xxxiii.  2 

XXXII.  By  repeating  these  and  similar  sentiments 
Memmius  induced  the  people  to  send  Lucius  Cassius, 
who  was  praetor  at  the  time,  to  Jugurtha.  Cassius  was 
instructed  to  bring  the  king  to  Rome  under  pledge  of 
public  protection,  in  order  that  through  his  testimony 
the  offences  of  Scaurus  and  the  rest  who  were  accused 
of  taking  bribes  might  the  more  readily  be  disclosed. 

While  all  this  was  going  on  at  Rome,  those  who 
had  been  left  by  Bestia  in  command  of  the  army  in 
Numidia,  following  their  general's  example,  were 
guilty  of  many  shameless  misdeeds.  Some  were 
induced  by  bribes  to  return  his  elephants  to  Jugurtha, 
others  sold  him  his  deserters,  and  a  part  plundered 
those  who  were  at  peace  with  us  :  so  strong  was  the 
love  of  money  which  had  attacked  their  minds  like  a 
pestilence.  But  when,  to  the  consternation  of  all 
the  nobility,  the  bill  of  Gains  Memmius  was  passed, 
the  praetor  Cassius  went  to  Jugurtha  and,  in  spite  of 
the  king's  fears  and  the  distrust  due  to  his  guilty  con- 
science, persuaded  him  that  since  he  had  surrendered 
himself  to  the  Roman  people,  it  would  be  better  to 
experience  their  mercy  than  their  force.  He  also 
gave  Jugurtha  his  personal  pledge  of  safety,  which  the 
king  rated  no  less  highly  than  that  of  the  state  ;  such 
was  the  repute  which  Cassius  enjoyed  at  that  time. 

XXXni.  Accordingly  Jugurtha,  exchanging  the 
pomp  of  a  king  for  a  garb  especially  designed  to 
excite  pity,  came  to  Rome  with  Cassius;  and  although 
personally  he  possessed  great  assurance,  yet  with  the 
encouragement  of  all  those  through  whose  power  or 
guilt  he  had  committed  the  numerous  crimes  that  I 
have    mentioned    he    won   over    Gains    Baebius,i    a 

'  That  is,  although  Jugurtha  had  plenty  of  assurance,  he 
nevertheless  took  the  advice  of  his  friends  and  did  not  rely 
upon  his  impudence  alone,  but  added  the  support  of  Baebius. 

207 


SALLUST 

tribunum   plebis  magna  mercede   parat,    cuius   im- 
pudentia  contra  ius  et  iniurias  omnis  munitus  foret. 

3  At  C.  Memmius  advocata  contione,  quamquam  regi 
infesta  plebes  erat  et  pars  in  vincula  duci  iubebat, 
parSj  nisi  socios  sceleris  sui  aperiret,  more  maiorum 
de  hoste  supplicium  sumi^  dignitati  quam  irae  magis 
consulens  sedare  motus  et  animos  eorum  mollire, 
postremo  confirmare^  fidem  publicam  per  sese  invio- 

4  latam  fore.  Post,  ubi  silentium  coepit,  producto 
lugurtha  verba  facit,  Romae  Numidiaeque  facinora 
eius  memorat,  scelera  in  patrem  fratresque  ostendit. 
Quibus  iuvantibus  quibusque  ministris  ea  egerit 
quamquam  intellegat  populus  Romanus_,  tamen  velle 
manifesta  magis  ex  illo  habere.  Si  verum  aperiat,  in 
fide  et  dementia  populi  Romani  magnam  spem  illi 
sitam,  sin  reticeat,  non  sociis  saluti  fore  sed  se 
suasque  spes  corrupturum. 

XXXIV.  Deinde  ubi  Memmius  dicundi  finem  fecit 
et  lugurtha  respondere  iussus  est,  C.  Baebius  tribunus 
plebis  quem  pecunia  corruptum  supra  diximus,  regem 
tacere  iubet ;  ac  tametsi  multitude,  quae  in  contione 
aderat,  vehementer  accensa  terrebat  eum  clamore, 
voltu,  saepe  impetu  atque  aliis  omnibus  quae  ira  fieri 
2  amat,  vicit  tamen  impudentia.      Ita  populus  ludibrio 

^  See  note  on  p.  109. 
2o8 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxxiii.  2-xxxiv.  i 

tribune  of  the  commons^  by  a  heavy  bribe,  that 
through  this  officer's  effrontery  he  might  be  protected 
against  the  strong  arm  of  the  law  and  against  all  per- 
sonal violence.  But  when  GaiusMemmius  had  called 
an  assembly  of  the  people,  the  commons  were  so 
exasperated  at  the  king  that  some  demanded  that  he 
should  be  imprisoned,  others  that  if  he  did  not  reveal 
the  accomplices  in  his  guilt,  he  should  be  punished 
as  an  enemy  after  the  usage  of  our  forefathers.^  But 
Memmius,  taking  counsel  of  propriety  rather  than  of 
resentrnent,  quieted  their  excitement  and  soothed 
their  spirits,  finally  declaring  that,  so  far  as  it  was  in 
his  power  to  prevent  it,  the  public  pledge  should  not 
be  broken.  Afterwards,  when  silence  followed  and 
Jugurtha  was  brought  out,  Memmius  made  an 
address,  recalled  the  king's  actions  at  Rome,  and  in 
Numidia,  and  described  his  crimes  against  his  father 
and  brothers.  He  said  to  him  that  although  the 
Roman  people  were  aware  through  whose  encourage- 
ment and  help  the  king  had  done  these  things,  yet 
they  wished  clearer  testimony  from  his  own  lips.  If 
he  would  reveal  the  truth,  he  had  much  to  hope  for 
from  the  good  faith  and  mercy  of  the  Roman  people, 
but  if  he  kept  silence,  he  could  not  save  his  ac- 
complices and  would  ruin  himself  and  his  hopes. 

XXXIV.  When  Memmius  had  finished  and  Jugur- 
tha was  bidden  to  reply,  Gaius  Baebius,  the  tribune 
of  the  commons  who,  as  I  just  said,  had  been  bribed, 
thereupon  bade  the  king  hold  his  peace.  And  al- 
though the  populace,  who  were  gathered  in  assem- 
bly, were  greatly  excited  and  tried  to  intimidate 
the  tribune  by  shouting,  by  angry  looks,  often  by 
threatening  gestures  and  all  the  other  means  which 
anger  prompts,  yet  his  impudence  triumphed.    Hence 

209 


SALLUST 

habitus  ex  contione  discedit^  lugurthae  Bestiaeque 
et  ceteris  quos  ilia  quaestio  exagitabat^  animi  auges- 
cunt. 

XXXV.  Erat  ea  tempestate  Romae  Numida  qui- 
dam  nomine  Massiva^Gulussae  filiiis,  Masinissae  nepos, 
qui  quia  in  dissensione  reguni  lugurthae  advorsus 
fuerat,  dedita  Cirta  et  Adherbale  interfecto  profugus 

2  ex  patria  abierat.  Huic  Sp.  Albinus,  qui  proxumo 
anno  post  Bestiam  cum  Q.  Minucio  Rufo  consulatum 
gerebat,  persuadet,  quoniam  ex  stirpe  Masinissae  sit 
lugurthamque  ob  scelera  invidia  cum  metu  urgeat, 

3  regnum  Numidiae  ab  senatu  petat.  Avidus  consul 
belli  gerundi  movere  quam  senescere  omnia  malebat. 

4  Ipsi  provincia  Numidia,  Minucio  Macedonia  evenerat. 
Quae  postquam  Massiva  agitare  coepit  neque  lugur- 
thae in  amicis  satis  praesidi  est,  quod  eorum  alium 
conscientia  alium  mala  fama  et  timor  impediebat, 
Bomilcari  proxumo  ac  maxume  fido  sibi  imperat, 
pretio,  sicuti  multa  confecerat,  insidiatores  Massivae 
paret,  ac  maxume  occulte ;  sin  id  parum  procedat, 
quovis  modo  Numidam  interficiat. 

5  Bomilcar  mature  regis  mandata  exsequitur  et  per 
homines  talis  negoti  artifices  itinera  egressusque  eius, 
postremo  loca  atque  tempora  cuncta  explorat.  Deinde, 

6  ubi  res  postulabat_,  insidias  tendit.  Igitur  unus  ex 
eo  numero  qui  ad  caedem  parati  erant  paulo  incon- 
sultius   Massivam   aggreditur ;    ilium   obtruncat,    sed 

^  110  B.C.  •^  See  note  on  p.  44. 

210 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxxiv.  2-xxxv.  6 

the  people  left  the  assembly  after  being  made  ridic- 
ulous^ while  Jugurtha^  Bestia^  and  the  others  who 
were  fearful  of  conviction^  recovered  their  assurance. 

XXXV.  There  was  in  Rome  at  that  time  a  Nu- 
midian  named  Massiva,  a  son  of  Gulussa  and  grand- 
son of  Masinissa,  who  had  taken  sides  against 
Jugurtha  in  the  quarrel  of  the  kings  and  had  fled  from 
Africa  after  the  capture  of  Cirta  and  the  death  of 
Adherbal.  This  man  was  persuaded  by  Spurius 
Albinus,  who  was  holding  the  consulship  with  Quin- 
tus  Minucius  Rufus  ^  the  year  after  Bestia,  to  ask 
the  senate  for  the  throne  of  Numidia^  since  he  was 
descended  from  Masinissa  and  since  Jugurtha  was 
feared  and  hated  for  his  crimes.  For  the  consul  was 
eager  to  make  war,  and  preferred  a  state  of  general 
confusion  to  inactivity.  He  had  drawn  ^  Numidia  as 
his  province,  while  Minucius  had  Macedonia.  When 
Massiva  began  to  push  these  designs,  Jugurtha 
found  little  support  in  his  friends,  some  of  whom 
were  hampered  by  a  bad  conscience,  others  by  ill 
repute  and  fear.  He  therefore  directed  Bomilcar,  his 
nearest  and  most  trusted  attendant,  to  bring  about 
Massiva's  assassination  by  the  use  of  money,  through 
which  the  king  had  already  accomplished  so  much. 
He  asked  him  to  do  this  secretly,  if  possible ;  but  if 
secrecy  were  not  possible,  to  slay  the  Numidian  in  any 
way  he  could. 

Bomilcar  hastened  to  carry  out  the  king's  orders 
and  through  men  who  were  adepts  in  such  business 
he  kept  track  of  Massiva's  comings  and  goings ;  in 
short,  found  out  where  he  was  at  all  times.  Finally, 
when  the  opportunity  came,  he  set  his  trap.  There- 
upon one  of  those  who  had  been  hired  to  do  the 
murder  attacked  Massiva  somewhat  incautiously  ;  he 

211 

p  2 


SALLUST 

ipse  deprehensus^   multis   hortantibus    et  in   primis 

7  Albino  consule,  indicium  profitetur.  Fit  reus  magis 
ex  aequo  bonoque  quam  ex  iure  gentium  Bomilcar, 
comes  eius  qui  Romam  fide  publica  venerat. 

8  At  lugurtha  manufestus  tanti  sceleris  non  prius 
omisit  contra  verum  niti;,  quam  animadvortit  ^  supra 
gratiam   atque   pecuniam   suam  invidiam  facti   esse. 

9  Igitur  quamquam  in  priore  actione  ex  amicis  quin- 
quaginta  vades  dederat^  regno  magis  quam  vadibus 
consulens  clam  in  Numidiam  Bomilcarem  dimittit, 
veritus  ne  reliquos  popularis  metus  invaderet  parendi 
sibij  si  de  illo  supplicium  sumptum  foret.  Et  ipse 
paucis  diebus  eodem  profectus  est,  iussus  a  senatu 

10  Italia  decedere.     Sed  postquam  Roma  egressus  est, 

fertur  saepe  eo  tacitus  respiciens  postremo  dixisse, 

"  Urbem^  venalem  et  mature  perituram,  si  emptorem 

invenerit ! " 

XXXVI.  Interim  Albinus  renovato  bello  commea- 

tum,  stipendium  aliaque,  quae  militibus  usui  forent, 

maturat  in  Africam  portare  ;  ac  statim  ipse  profectus, 

uti   ante    comitia,  quod  tempus  liaud  longe  aberat, 

armis  aut  deditione  aut  quovis  modo  bellum  conficeret. 

2  At  contra   lugurtha   trahere   omnia   et  alias  deinde 

alias   morae  causas  facere,    poUiceri    deditionem    ac 

deinde   metum  simulare,    cedere    instanti    et   paulo 

1  Some  good  mss.  have  animum  advertito?-  animadverterat. 
*  Some  good  mss.  and  Livy  Epit.  G4  hare  O  urbem. 

1  When  the  accused  was  admitted  to  bail. 

212 


I 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxxv.  6-xxxvi.  2 

slew  his  victim,  but  was  himself  caught,  and  at  the 
solicitation  of  many,  in  particular  of  Albinus  the 
consul,  he  made  a  full  confession.  Bomilcar  was 
brought  to  trial  rather  from  the  demands  of  equity 
and  justice  than  in  accordance  with  the  law  of  nations, 
inasmuch  as  he  was  in  the  company  of  one  who  had 
come  to  Rome  under  pledge  of  public  protection. 

Jugurtha,  however,  although  he  was  clearly  re- 
sponsible for  so  flagrant  a  crime,  did  not  cease  to 
resist  the  evidence,  until  he  realized  that  the  in- 
dignation at  the  deed  was  too  strong  even  for  his 
influence  and  his  money.  Tlierefore,  although  in  the 
first  stage  of  the  trial  ^  he  had  given  fifty  of  his 
friends  as  sureties,^  yet  having  an  eye  rather  to  his 
throne  than  to  the  sureties,  he  sent  Bomilcar  secretly 
to  Numidia,  fearing  that  if  he  paid  the  penalty,  the 
rest  of  his  subjects  would  fear  to  obey  his  orders.  A 
few  days  later  he  himself  returned  home,  being 
ordered  by  the  senate  to  leave  Italy.  After  going 
out  of  the  gates,  it  is  said  that  he  often  looked  back 
at  Rome  in  silence  and  finally  said,  "  A  city  for  sale 
and  doomed  to  speedy  destruction  if  it  finds  a 
purchaser!  " 

XXXVI.  Albinus  meanwhile  renewed  hostilities 
and  hastened  to  transport  to  Africa  provisions,  money 
for  paying  the  soldiers,  and  other  apparatus  of  war. 
He  himself  set  out  at  once,  desiring  by  arms,  by  sur- 
render, or  in  any  possible  way  to  bring  the  war  to  an 
end  before  the  elections,  the  time  of  which  was  not 
far  ofll  Jugurtha,  on  the  contrary,  tried  in  every  way 
to  gain  time,  inventing  one  pretext  for  delay  after 
another.  He  promised  a  surrender  and  then  feigned 
fear,  gave  way  to  the  consul's  attack  and  then,  that 

*-»For  Bomilcar's  appearance. 

213 


SALLUST 

post,  ne  sui  diffiderent,  instare  ;  ita  belli  modo,  modo 

pacis  mora  consulem  ludificare. 
3       Ac  fuere  qui  turn  Albinum  haud  ignarum  consili 

regis  existumarent,  neque  ex   tanta  properantia  tarn 

facile    tractum    bellum    socordia    magis    quam    dolo 
i  crederent.   Sed  postquam  dilapso  tempore  comitiorum 

dies  adventabat,  Albinus  Aulo  fratre  in  castris  pro 

praetore  relicto  Romam  decessit. 

XXXVII.  Ea  tempestate   Romae  seditionibus  tri- 

2  buniciis  atrociter  res  publica  agitabatur,  P.  Lucullus 
et  L.  Annius  -tribuni  plebis  resistentibus  coUegis 
continuare  magistratum  nitebantur,    quae   dissensio 

3  totius  anni  coinitia  impediebat.  Ea  mora  in  spem 
adductus  Aulus,  quem  pro  praetore  in  castris  relictum 
supra  diximus,  aut  conficiundi  belli  aut  terrore 
exercitus  ab  rege  pecuniae  capiundae,  milites  mense 
lanuario  ex  hibernis  in  expeditionem  evocat  mag- 
nisque  itineribus  hieme  aspera  pervenit  ad  oppidum 

4  Suthul,  ubi  regis  thesauri  erant.  Quod  quamquam 
et  saevitia  temporis  et  opportunitate  loci  neque  capi 
neque  obsideri  poterat — nam  circum  murum  situm 
in  praerupti  montis  extremo  planities  limosa  liiema- 
libus  aquis  paludem  fecerat — tamen  aut  simulandi 
gratia,  quo  regi   formidinem   adderet,  aut  cupidine 

^  By  using  their  veto  to  forbid  the  holding  of  elections. 

^  Up  to  Dec.  9,  when  the  election  of  tribunes  was  held. 

.*  109  B.C.  The  defeat  of  Aulus  probably  occurred  before 
January,  109,  since  Metellus  and  Silanus  are  called  consu/es 
dtd'jiiati  afur  hib  defeat  ;  see  xliii.  1. 

214 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxxvi.  2-xxxvii.  4 

his  followers  might  not  lose  courage^  attacked  in  his 
turn ;  thus  baffling  the  consul  now  by  the  delays  of 
war  and  now  by  those  of  peace. 

There  were  some  who  thought  that  even  then  Al- 
binus  was  not  unaware  of  the  king's  design,  and  who 
found  it  impossible  to  believe  that  the  ease  with 
which  the  king  protracted  a  war  begun  with  such 
urgency  was  not  due  rather  to  guile  than  to  incom- 
petence. Now  when  in  the  course  of  time  the  day 
of  the  elections  drew  near,  Albinus  sailed  for  Rome, 
leaving  his  brother  Aulus  in  charge  of  the  camp. 

XXX Vn.  At  that  time  the  Roman  commonwealth 
was  cruelly  racked  by  .the  dissensions  of  the  tribunes. 
Two  of  their  number,  Publius  Luculkis  and  Lucius 
Annius,  were  trying  to  prolong  their  term  of  office, 
in  spite  of  the  opposition  of  their  colleagues ;  ^ 
and  this  strife  blocked  the  elections  of  the  whole 
year.2  Because  of  this  delay  Aulus,  who,  as  I  just 
said,  had  been  left  in  charge  of  the  camp,  was  in- 
spired with  the  hope  of  either  finishing  the  war 
or  forcing  a.  bribe  from  the  king  through  fear  of  his 
army.  He  therefore  summoned  his  soldiers  in  the 
month  of  January  ^  from  their  winter  quarters  for 
active  duty  in  the  field,  and  making  forced  marches 
in  spite  of  the  severity  of  the  winter  season,  reached 
the  town  of  Suthul,  where  the  king's  treasure  was 
kept.  He  was  unable  either  to  take  the  town  or  lay 
siege  to  it  because  of  the  inclemency  of  the  weather 
and  the  strength  of  its  position ;  for  all  about  the 
walls,  which  were  built  along  the  edge  of  a  steep 
cliff,  was  a  muddy  plain,  of  which  the  winter  rains 
nad  made  a  marshy  pool.  Yet  either  with  the  idea  of 
making  a  feint,  in  order  to  frighten  the  king,  or  be- 
cause he  was  blinded  by  a  desire  to  possess  the  town 

215 


SALLUST 

caecus  ob  thesauros  oppidi  potiundi,  vineas  agere, 
aggerem  iacere,  aliaque  quae  incepto  usiii  forent 
properare. 

XXXVIII.  At  lugurtha,  cognita  vanitate  atque 
imperitia  legati,  subdole  eius  augere  amentiam,  mis- 
sitare  supplicantis  legates,  ipse  quasi  vitabundus  per 

2  saltuosa  loca  et  tramites  exercitum  ductare.  Denique 
Aulum  spe  pactionis  perpulit,  uti  relicto  Suthule  in 
abditas  regiones  sese  veluti  cedentem  insequeretur ; 

3  itadelicta  occultiorafore.i  Interea  per  homines  calli- 
dos  diu  noetuque  exercitum  temptabat,  centuriones 
ducesque  turmarum  partim  ^  uti  transfugerent  cor- 
rumpere,  alii  signo  dato  locum  uti  desererent. 

4  Quae  postquam  ex  sententia  instruit,  intempesta 
nocte    de    improviso   multitudine    Numidarum  Auli 

6  castra  circumvenit.  Milites  Romani  perculsi  tumultu 
insolito  arma  capere  alii,  alii  se  abdere,  pars  territos 
confirmare,  trepidare  omnibus  locis.  Vis  magna 
hostium,  caelum  nocte  atque  nubibus  obscuratum, 
periculum  anceps,  postremo  fugere  an  manere  tutius 

6  foret,  in  incerto  erat.  Sed  ex  eo  numero,  quos  paulo 
ante  corruptos  diximus,  cohors  una  Ligurum  cum 
duabus  turmis  Thracum  et  paucis  gregariis  militibus 
transiere    ad    regem,  et  centurio  primi   pili    tertiae 

^  Some  good  mss.  have  fuere,  '*  thus  his  misconduct  loaa 
less  obvious."  Dietsch  and  others  read  fuere,  but  regarded  ita 
fuere  as  a  gloss. 

2  P  and  some  other  good  mss.  have  partium. 

^  That  is,  any  bargain  which  Aulus  made  with  Jugurtha 
would  be  less  likely  to  attract  the  attention  of  the  senate. 

2l6 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,xxxvii.4-xxxvni.6 

for  the  sake  of  its  treasure^  he  brought  up  the  mant- 
lets, constructed  a  mound,  and  hastily  made  the  other 
preparations  for  an  assault. 

XXX Vn I.  Jugurtha,  however,  well  aware  of  the 
presumption  and  incapacity  of  the  acting  commander, 
craftily  added  to  his  infatuation  and  constantly  sent 
him  suppliant  envoys,  while  he  himself,  as  if  trying 
to  avoid  an  encounter,  led  his  army  through  woody 
places  and  by-paths.  Finally,  by  holding  out  hope 
of  an  agreement,  he  induced  Aulus  to  leave  Suthul 
and  follow  him  in  a  pretended  retreat  into  remote 
regions ;  thus,  he  suggested,  any  misconduct  of  the 
Roman's  ^  would  be  less  obvious.  Meanwhile  through 
clever  emissaries  the  king  was  working  upon  the 
Roman  army  day  and  night,  bribing  the  centurions 
and  commanders  of  cavalry  squadrons  either  to  desert 
or  to  abandon  their  posts  at  a  given  signal. 

After  he  had  arranged  these  matters  to  his  satis- 
faction, in  the  dead  of  night  he  suddenly  surrounded 
the  camp  of  Aulus  with  a  throng  of  Numidians. 
The  Roman  soldiers  were  alarmed  by  the  unusual 
disturbance ;  some  seized  their  arms,  others  hid 
themselves,  a  part  encouraged  the  fearful  ;  conster- 
nation reigned.  The  hostile  force  was  large,  night 
and  clouds  darkened  the  heavens, ,  there  was  danger 
whichever  course  they  took  - :  in  short,  whether  it  was 
safer  to  stand  or  flee  was  uncertain.  Then  from  the 
number  of  those  who  had  been  bribed,  as  I  just  said, 
one  cohort  of  Ligurians  with  two  squadrons  of  Thrac- 
ians  and  a  few  privates  went  over  to  the  king,  while 
the  chief   centurion  of   the  Third  legion  gave  the 

2  Namely,  within  the  camp  because  of  the  panic,  and 
without  because  of  the  difficulty  of  making  their  escape  ;  the 
following  sentence  repeats  the  idea  in  a  more  definite  form. 

217 


SALLUST 

legionis   per  munitionem,  quam  uti  defenderet  ac- 
ceperat,    locum    hostibus    introeundi    dedit    eaque 

7  Numidae  cuncti  irrupere.   Nostrifoeda  fuga,  plerique 

8  abiectis  armis,  proxumum  collem  occupaverunt.  Nox 
atque    praeda    castrorum    hostis  quo  minus  victoria 

9  uterentur  remorata  sunt.  Deinde  lugurtha  postero 
die  cum  Aulo  in  colloquio  verba  facit.  Tametsi  ipsum 
cum  exercitu  fame  et  ferro  clausum  teneret/  tamen 
se  memorem  humanarum  rerum,  si  secum  foedus 
faceret,  incolumis  omnis  sub  iugum  missurum.    Prae- 

10  terea  uti  diebus  decern  Numidia  decederet.  Quae 
quamquam  gravia  et  flagiti  plena  erant,  tamen  quia 
mortis  metu  mutabantur,  sicuti  regi  lubuerat  pax 
convenit. 

XXXIX.  Sed  ubi  ea  Romae  comperta  sunt^  metus 
atque  maeror  civitatem  invasere.  Pars  dolere  pro 
gloria  imperii  pars  insolita  rerum  bellicarum  timere 
libertati,  Aulo  omnes  infesti,  ac  maxume  qui  bello 
saepe    praeclari    fuerant,     quod    armatus'  dedecore 

2  potius  quam  manu  salutem  quaesiverat.  Ob  ea 
consul  Albinus,  ex  delicto  fratris  invidiam  ac  deinde 
periculum  timens,  senatum  de  foedere  consulebat  et 
tamen  interim  exercitui  supplementum  scribere,  ab 
sociis  et  nomine  Latino  auxilia  arcessere/  denique 
omnibus  modis  festinare. 

3  Senatus^    ita    uti    par    fuerat,  decernit   suo  atque 

^  P  and  the  other  good  mss.  have  tenet. 

2  P  and  som^  other  good  mss.  have  accersere. 

2l8 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,xxxviii.6-xxxix.3 

enemy  an  opportunity  of  entering  the  part  of  the 
fortification  which  he  had  been  appointed  to  guard, 
and  there  all  the  Numidians  burst  in.  Our  men  in 
shameful  flight,  in  most  cases  throwing  away  their 
arms,  took  refuge  on  a  neighbouring  hill.  Night 
and  the  pillaging  of  the  camp  delayed  the  enemy 
and  prevented  them  from  following  up  their  victory. 
Then  on  the  following  day,  Jugurtha  held  a  con- 
ference with  Aulus.  He  said  that  he  had  the 
general  and  his  army  at  the  mercy  of  starvation  or 
the  sword  ;  yet  in  view  of  the  uncertainty  of  human 
affairs,  if  Aulus  would  make  a  treaty  with  him,  he 
would  let  them  all  go  free  after  passing  under  the 
yoke,  provided  Aulus  would  leave  Numidia  within  ten 
days.  Although  the  conditions  were  hard  and  shame- 
ful, yet  because  they  were  offered  in  exchange  for 
the  fear  of  death,i  peace  was  accepted  on  the  king's 
terms. 

XXXIX.  Now,  when  the  news  of  this  disaster 
reached  Rome,  fear  and  grief  seized  upon  the  com- 
munity. Some  grieved  for  the  glory  of  the  empire, 
others,  who  were  unused  to  matters  of  war,  feared 
for  their  freedom.  All  men,  especially  those  who 
had  often  gained  renown  in  war,  were  incensed  at 
Aulus,  because  with  arms  in  his  hands  he  had  sought 
safety  by  disgrace  rather  than  by  combat.  Therefore 
the  consul  Albinus,  fearing  odium  and  consequent 
danger  as  the  result  of  his  brother's  misconduct,  laid 
the  question  of  the  treaty  before  the  senate ;  but  in 
the  meantime  he  enrolled  reinforcements,  summoned 
aid  from  the  allies  and  the  Latin  peoples  ;  in  short, 
bestirred  himself  in  every  way. 

The  senate  decided  that  no  treaty  could  be  binding 

^  That  is,  the  Romans  had  to  accept  the  terms  or  die. 

219 


SALLUST 

4  populi  iniussu  nullum  potuisse  foedus  fieri.  Consul, 
impeditus  a  tribunis  plebis  ne  quas  paraverat  copias 
secum  portaret^  paucis  diebus  in  Africam  proficiscitur ; 
nam  omnis  exercitus,  uti  convenerat,  Numidia  deduc- 

5  tus  in  provincia  hiemabat.  Postquam  eo  venit,  quam- 
quam  persequi  lugurtham  et  mederi  fraternae  invid- 
iae  animo  ardebat^,  cognitis  militibus,  quos  praeter 
fugam  soluto  imperio  licentia  atque  lascivia  corruperat, 
ex  copia  rerum  statuit  sibi  nihil  agitandum. 

XL.  Interim  Romae  C.  Mamilius  Limetanus  tri- 
bunus  plebis  rogation  em  ad  populum  promulgate  uti 
quaereretur  in  eos  quorum  consilio  lugurtha  senati 
decreta  neglegisset,^  quique  ab  eo  in  legationibus 
aut  imperiis  pecunias  accepissent,  qui  elephantos 
quique  perfugas  tradidissent,  item  qui  de  pace  aut 

2  bello  cum  hostibus  pactiones  fecissent.  Huic  rogati- 
oni  partim  conscii  sibi,  alii  ex  partium  invidia  pericula 
metuentes,  quoniam  aperte  resistere  non  poterant, 
quin  ilia  et  alia  talia  placere  sibi  faterentur^  oeciilte 
per  amicos  ac  maxume  per  homines  nominis  Latini 

3  et  socios  Italicos  impedimenta  parabant.  Sed  plebes 
incredibile  memoratu  est  quam  intenta  fuerit  quan- 
taque  vi  rogationem  iusserlt,  magis  odio  nobilitatis^ 
cui  mala  ilia  parabantur,  quam  cura  rei  publicae  ; 
tanta  lubido  in  partibus  erat. 

1  P  and  some  other  good  msi.  have  neglexisset* 

22Q 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xxxix.  3-XL.  3 

without  its  order  and  that  of  the  people ;  as  indeed 
was  to  have  been  expected.  The  consul  was  pre- 
vented by  the  tribtfiies  of  the  commons  from  taking 
with  him  the  forces  which  he  had  raised,  but  within 
a  few  days  left  for  Africa ;  for  the  whole  army  had 
withdrawn  from  Numidia  according  to  the  agreement 
and  was  wintering  in  that  province.  But  although 
Albinus  on  his  arrival  was  eager  to  pursue  Jugurtha 
and  atone  for  his  brother's  disgrace,  yet  knowing  his 
soldiers,  who  were  demoralized  not  only  by  their  rout 
but  by  the  licence  and  debauchery  consequent  upon 
lax  discipline,  he  decided  that  he  was  in  no  condition 
to  make  any  move. 

XL.  Meanwhile,  at  Rome,  Gaius  Mamilius  Lime- 
tan  us,  tribune  of  the  commons,  proposed  to  the  people 
a  bill,  in  which  it  was  provided  that  legal  proceedings 
should  be  begun  against  those  at  whose  advice  Ju- 
gurtha had  disregarded  decrees  of  the  senate  ;  against 
those  who  had  accepted  money  from  him  while 
serving  as  envoys  or  commanders ;  against  those  who 
had  handed  back  the  elephants  and  deserters ;  and 
against  those  who  had  made  terms  of  peace  and  war 
v/ith  the  enemy.  Preparations  for  obstructing  this 
bill  were  made  both  by  all  who  were  conscious  of  guilt 
and  also  by  others  who  feared  the  dangers  arising 
from  factional  hatred;  but  since  they  could  not 
openly  oppose  it  without  admitting  their  approval  of 
these  and  similar  acts,  they  did  so  secretly  through 
their  friends,  and  especially  through  men  of  the 
Latin  cities  and  the  Italian  allies.  But  the  commons 
passed  the  bill  with  incredible  eagerness  and  enthus- 
iasm, rather  from  hatred  of  the  nobles,  for  whom  it 
boded  trouble,  than  from  love  of  country  :  so  high  did 
party  passion  run. 

221 


SALLUST 

4  Igitui'j  ceteris  metu  pereulsis,  M.  Scaurus,  quern 
legatum  Bestiae  fuisse  supra  docuimus,  inter  laetitiam 
plebis  et  suorum  fugam^  trepida  etiam  turn  civitate, 
cum  ex  Mamilia  rogatione  tres  quaesitores  rogaren- 

5  tur^  efFecerat  uti  ipse  in  eo  numero  crearetur.  Sed 
quaestio  exercita  aspere  violenterque  ex  rumore 
et  lubidine  plebis.  Ut  saepe  nobilitatem^  sic  ea 
tempestate  plebem  ex  secundis  rebus  insolentia 
ceperat. 

XLI.  Ceterum  mos  partium  et  factionum  ^  ac 
deinde  omnium  malarum  artium  paucis  ante  annis 
Romae  ortus  est  otio  atque  abundantia  earum  rerum, 

2  quae  prima  mortales  ducunt.  Nam  ante  Carthaginem 
deletam  populus  et  senatus  Romanus  placide  mo- 
desteque  inter  se  rem  publicam  tractabant,  neque 
gloriae  neque  dominationis  certamen  inter  civis  erat ; 
metus  hostilis  in  bonis  artibus  civitatem  retinebat. 

3  Sed  ubi  ilia  formido  mentibus  decessit,  scilicet  ea 
quae    res    secundae    amant^  lascivia  atque  superbia 

4  incessere.  Ita  quod  in  advorsis  rebus  optaverant 
otium    postquam   adepti  sunt,   asperius   acerbi usque 

5  fuit.  Namque  coepere  nobilitas  dignitatem,  popu- 
lus libertatem  in  lubidinem  vortere,  sibi  quisque 
ducere,  trahere,  rapere.  Ita  omnia  in  duas  partis 
abstracta  sunt,  res  publica,  quae  media  fuerat, 
dilacerata. 

^  P  and  some  good  mss.  read  partium  popularium  et 
senatores  (senatus,  senatorum,  senatoriuin)  factionum. 
Popularium  and  senatus  were  dropped  by  Gi^uter  as  glosses. 

222 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xl.  4-xLi.  5 

Upon  this  the  rest  were  panic  stricken ;  but  in  the 
midst  of  the  exultation  of  the  people  and  the  rout  of 
his  .party,  Marcus  Scaurus,  who,  as  1  have  already  said, 
had  been  Bestia's  lieutenant,  took  advantage  of  the 
political  confusion  to  have  himself  named  as  one  of 
the  three  commissioners  ^  authorized  by  the  bill  of 
Mamilius.  Nevertheless  ^  the  investigation  was  con- 
ducted with  harshness  and  violence,  on  hearsay 
evidence  and  at  the  caprice  of  the  commons ;  for 
then  the  commons,  as  so  often  the  nobles,  had  been 
made  insolent  by  success. 

XLI.  Now  the  institution  of  parties  and  factions, 
with  all  their  attendant  evils,  originated  at  Rome 
a  few  years  before  this  as  the  result  of  peace  and 
of  an  abundance  of  everything  that  mortals  prize 
most  highly.  For  before  the  destruction  of  Carthage 
the  people  and  senate  of  Rome  together  governed 
the  repu])lic  peacefully  and  with  moderation.  There 
was  no  strife  among  the  citizens  either  for  glory 
or  for  power ;  fear  of  the  enemy  preserved  the 
good  morals  of  the  state.  But  when  the  minds  of 
the  people  were  relieved  of  that  dread,  wantonness 
and  arrogance  naturally  arose,  vices  which  are 
fostered  by  prosperity.  Thus  the  peace  for  which 
they  had  longed  in  time  of  adversity,  after  they  had 
gained  it  proved  to  be  more  cruel  and  bitter  than 
adversity  itself.  For  the  nobles  began  to  abuse  their 
position  and  the  people  their  liberty,  and  every 
man  for  himself  robbed,  pillaged,  and  plundered. 
Thus  the  community  was  split  into  two  parties,  and 
between  these  the  state  was  torn  to  pieces. 

^  These  quaesitores  were  doubtless  to  preside  over  three 
separate  courts,  in  order  to  dispose  more  promptly  of  the 
great  number  of  cases. 

2  In  spite  of  what  Scaurus  could  effect. 

223 


SALLUST 

6  Ceterum  nobilitas  factione  magis  pollebat,  plebis 
vis    soluta    atque    dispersa    in    multitudine    minus 

7  poterat.  Paucoruni  arbitrio  belli  domique  agifaba- 
tur^  penes  eosdeni  aerarium,  provinciae,  magistratus, 
gloriae  triumphique  erant ;  populus  militia  atque 
inopia  urgebatur,  praedas  bellicas  imperatores  cum 

8  paucis  diripiebant.  Interea  parentes  aut  parvi 
liberi  militum,  uti  quisque  potentiori   confinis  erat, 

9  sedibus  pellebantur.  Ita  cum  potentia  avaritia  sine 
modo  modestiaque  invadere,  poUuere  et  vastare 
omnia,  nihil  pensi  neque  sancti  habere,  quoad  semet 

10  ipsa  ^  praecipitavit.  Nam  ubi  primum  ex  nobilitate 
reperti  sunt  qui  veram  gloriam  iniustae  potentiae 
anteponerent,  moved  civitas  et  dissensio  civilis 
quasi  permixtio  terrae  oriri  coepit. 

XLII.  Nam  postquam  Ti.  et  C.  Gracchus,  quorum 
maiores  Punico  atque  aliis  bellis  multum  rei  publicae 
addiderant,  vindicare  plebem  in  libertatem  et  pau- 
corum  scelera  patefacere  coepere,  nobilitas  noxia 
atque  eo  perculsa,  modo  per  socios  ac  nomen 
Latinum,  interdum  per  equites  Romanos,  quos  spes 
societatis  a  plebe  dimoverat,  Gracchorum  actionibus 
obviam  ierat,  et  primo  Tiberium,  dein  paucos  post 
annos  eadem   ingredientem   Gaium,  tribunum  alte- 

^  P  and  some  other  good  mss.  have  ipsam. 

^  Tlie  number  is  due  to  the  influence  of  the  other  plurals  ; 
or  gloriae  may  mean  "opportunities  for  winning  glory." 
Bernays  suggested  laureae  {loriac)  and  Bergk  adoreae. 

224 


THE  WAR  WITH  JVGURTHA,  xli.  6-xui.  i 

But  the  nobles  had  tlie  more  powerful  organization, 
while  the  strength  of  the  commons  was  less  effective 
because  it  was  incompact  and  divided  among  many. 
Affairs  at  home  and  in  the  field  were  managed  ac- 
cording to  the  will  of  a  few  men,  in  whose  hands 
were  the  treasury,  the  provinces,  public  offices,  glory  ^ 
and  triumphs.  The  people  were  burdened  with  mili- 
tary service  and  poverty.  The  generals  divided  the 
spoils  of  war  with  a  few  friends.  Meanwhile  the 
parents  or  little  children  of  the  soldiers,  if  they  had 
a  powerful  neighbour,  were  driven  from  their  homes. 
Thus,  by  the  side  of  power,  greed  arose,  unlimited 
and  unrestrained,  violated  and  devastated  everything, 
respected  nothing,  and  held  nothing  sacred,  until  it 
finally  brought  about  its  own  downfall.  For  as  soon 
as  nobles  were  found  who  preferred  true  glory  to  un- 
just power,  the  state  began  to  be  disturbed  and  civil 
dissension  to  arise  like  an  upheaval  of  the  earth. 

XLH.  For  example,  when  Tiberius  and  Gains 
Gracchus,  whose  forefathers^  had  added  greatly  to 
the  power  of  the  republic  in  the  Punic  and  other 
wars,  began  to  assert  the  freedom  of  the  commons 
and  expose  the  crimes  of  the  oligarchs,  the  nobility, 
who  were  guilty,  were  therefore  panic  stricken. 
They  accordingly  opposed  the  acts  of  the  Gracchi, 
now  through  the  allies  and  the  Latin  cities  and  again 
through  the  knights,  whom  the  hope  of  an  alliance  ^ 
witli  the  senate  had  estranged  from  the  commons. 
And  first  Tiberius,  then  a  few  years  later  Gains,  who 
had  followed  in  his  brother's  footsteps,  were  slain 
with  the  sword,  although  one  was  a  tribune  and  the 

^  The  Gracchi  were  grandsons  on  their  mother's  side  of  the 
elder  Scipio  Africanus  ;  their  father  had  served  with  distinc- 
tion in  Spain  and  Sardinia. 

^  That  is,  a  share  in  their  privileges. 

225 
Q 


SALLUST 

rum,  alterum  ^  triumvirum  coloniis  deducundis,  cum 

2  M.  Fulvio  Fhicco  ferro  necaverat.  Et  sane  Gracchis 
cupidine  victoriae  haud  satis  moderatus  animus  fuit. 

3  Sed  bono  vinci  satius  est  quam  malo  more  iniuriam 
vincere. 

4  Igitiir  ea  victoria  nobilitas  ex  lubidine  sua  usa 
multos  mortalis  ferro  aut  fuga  exstinxit  plusque  in 
relicum  sibi  timoris  quam  potentiae  addidit.  Quae 
res  plerumque  magnas  civitatis  pessum  dedit,  dum 
alteri  alteros  vincere  quovis  modo  et  victos  acerbius 

5  ulcisci  volunt.  Sed  de  studiis  partium  et  on)nis 
civitatis  moribus  si  singillatim  aut  pro   magnitudine 

.  parem  disserere,  tempus  quam  res  maturius  me 
deseret.-     Quam  ob  rem  ad  inceptum  redeo. 

XLIII.  Post  Auli  foedus  exercitusque  nostri 
foedam  fugam  Metellus  et  Silanus  consules  designati 
provinci^s  inter  se  parti verant  Metelloque  Numidia 
evenerat_,    acri    viro     et   quamquam    advorso    populi 

2  partium,  fama  tamen  aequabili  et  inviolata.  Is  ubi 
primum  magistratum  ingressus  est,  alia  omnia  sibi 
cum    collega    ratus,  ad  bellum  quod    gesturus    erat 

3  animum   intendit.     Igitur  diffidens  veteri  exercitui 

milites  scribere,^  praesidia  undique  arcessere,  arma, 

^  P  and  some  other  good  mss.  have  only  one  alterum. 

2  A  few  good  inss.  have  deserat  07^  desoreret. 

^  P  and  some  other  good  jnss.  have  eligere  scribere. 


^  The  connection  of  thought  is  not  quite  clear.  The 
meaning  apparently  is  that  the  excesses  of  the  Gracchi  did 
not  justify  tlie  unconstitutional  acts  of  the  nobles. 

2  Sallust's  word-play  is  on  foedus,  "treaty,"  and  foedafuga, 
"  foul  flight."  3  For  109  B.C.;  see  note  on  xxxvii.  3. 

226 


i 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xlii.  i-xliii.  3 

other  a  commissioner  for  founding  colonies  ;  and  with 
them  fell  Marcus  Fulvius  Flaccus.  It  must  be  ad- 
mitted that  the  Gracchi  were  so  eager  for  victory 
that  they  had  not  shown  a  sufficiently  moderate 
spirit ;  but  a  good  man  would  prefer  to  be  defeated 
rather  than  to  triumph  over  injustice  by  establishing 
a  bad  precedent.^ 

The  nobles  then  abused  their  victory  to  gratify 
their  passions ;  they  put  many  men  out  of  the  way 
by  the  sword  or  by  banishment,  and  thus  rendered 
themselves  for  the  future  rather  dreaded  than  power- 
ful. It  is  this  spirit  which  has  commonly  ruined 
great  nations,  when  one  party  desires  to  triumph 
over  another  by  any  and  every  means  and  to  avenge 
itself  on  the  vanquished  with  excessive  cruelty. 
But  if  I  should  attempt  to  speak  of  the  strife  of 
parties  and  of  the  general  character  of  the  state  in 
detail  or  according  to  the  importance  of  the  theme, 
time  would  fail  me  sooner  than  material.  Therefore 
I  return  to  my  subject. 

XLII  I.  After  the  foul  pact  of  Aulus  and  the  foul 
flight  2  of  our  army  the  consuls  elect/  Metellus  and 
Silanus,  had  shared  the  provinces  between  them  ; 
Numidia  had  fallen  to  Metellus,  a  man  of  spirit,  and, 
although  he  was  an  opponent  of  the  popular  party, 
of  a  consistently  unblemished  reputation.  When  he 
first  entered  upon  his  term  of  office,  thinking  that 
his  colleague  shared  with  him  all  the  other  business  ^ 
he  devoted  his  attention  to  the  war  which  he  was 
going  to  conduct.  Accordingly,  being  distrustful  of 
the  old  army,  he  enrolled  soldiers,  summoned  auxili- 
aries from  every  hand,  got  together  arms,  weapons, 

*  But  not  the  war,  which  was  his  special  charge  ;  he  could 
leave  to  Silanus  the  chief  responsibility  in  other  matters. 

227 
Q    2 


SALLUST 

tela,  equos  et  cetera  instrumenta  niilitiae  parare,  ad 
hoc  commeatum  afTatim,  denique  omnia,  quae  in 
bello    vario    et    multarum    rerum    e^enti    usui    esse 

4  Solent.  Ceterum  ad  ea  patranda  senatus  auctoritate, 
socii  nomenque  Latinum  et  reges  ultro  auxilia 
mittundo,    postremo    omnis     civitas     summo    studio 

5  adnitebatur.  Itaque  ex  sententia  omnibus  rebus 
paratis  compositisque  in  Numidiam  proficiscitur, 
magna  spe  civium,  cum  propter  artis  bonas  tum 
maxume  quod  advorsum  divitias  invictum  animum 
gerebat ;  et  avaritia  magistratuum  ante  id  tempus  in 
Numidia  nostrae  opes  contusae  hostiumque  auctae 
erant. 

XLIV.  Sed  ubi  in  Africam  venit,  exercitus  ei 
traditur  a  Sp.  Albino  proconsule  iners,  imbellis, 
neque  periculi  neque  laboris  patiens,  lingua  quam 
manu   promptior,  praedator  ex  sociis  et  ipse  praeda 

2  hostium,  sine  imperio  et  modestia  habitus.  Ita 
imperatori  novo  plus  ex  malis  moribus  sollicitudinis 
quam    ex   copia   militum  auxili  aut   spei   bonae   ac- 

3  cedebat.  Statuit  tamen  Metellus,  quamquam  et 
aestivorum  tempus  comitiorum  mora  imminuerat  et 
expectatione  eventus  civium  animos  intentos  puta- 
bat,    non    prius    bellum    attingere    quam    maiorum 

4  disciplina  milites  laborare  coegisset.  Nam  Albinus 
Auli  fratris  exercitusque  clade  perculsus,  postquam 
decreverat  non  egredi  provincia,  quantum  tem})oris 

^  Of  Africa  ;  see  note  on  xiii.  4. 
228 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xliii.  3-xLiv.  4 

horses^  and  other  munitions  of  war,  as  well  as  an 
abundance  of  supplies  ;  in  short,  he  provided  every- 
thing which  commonly  proves  useful  in  a  war  of 
varied  character  and  demanding  large  resources. 
Furthermore,  in  making  these  preparations  the  senate 
aided  him  by  its  sanction,  allies,  Latin  cities,  and 
kings  by  the  voluntary  contribution  of  auxiliaries  ; 
in  short,  the  whole  state  showed  the  greatest  en- 
thusiasm. Therefore,  after  everything  was  prepared 
and  arranged  to  his  satisfaction,  Metellus  left  for 
Numidia,  bearing  with  him  the  high  hopes  of  the 
citizens,  which  were  inspired  not  only  by  his  good 
qualities  in  general,  but  especially  because  he  pos- 
sessed a  mind  superior  to  riches  ;  for  it  had  been 
the  avarice  of  the  magistrates  that  before  this 
time  had  blighted  our  prospects  in  Numidia  and 
advanced  those  of  the  enemy. 

XLIV.  But  when  Metellus  reached  Africa,  the 
proconsul  Spurius  Albinus  handed  over  to  him  an 
army  that  was  weak,  cowardly,  and  incapable  of 
facing  either  danger  or  hardship,  readier  of  tongue 
than  of  hand,  a  pluncJerer  of  our  allies  and  itself  a 
prey  to  the  enem}^,  subject  to  no  discipline  or  restraint. 
Hence  their  new  commander  gained  more  anxiety 
from  the  bad  habits  of  his  soldiers  than  security  or 
hope  from  their  numbers.  Although  the  postponement 
of  the  elections  had  trenched  upon  the  summer  season 
and  Metellus  knew  that  the  citizens  were  eagerly 
anticipating  his  success,  yet,  notwithstanding  this,  he 
resolved  not  to  take  the  field  until  he  had  forced  the 
soldiers  to  undergo  the  old-time  drill  and  training. 
For  Albinus,  utterly  overcome  by  the  disaster  to  his 
brother  Aulus  and  the  army,  had  decided  not  to  leave 
the  province;^  and  during  that  part  of  the  summer 

229 


SAL LUST 

aestivorum  in  imperio  fuit,  plerumque  milites  stativis 
castris  habebat,  nisi   cum  odor  ^  aut  pabuli  egestas 

5  locum  mutare  subegerat.  Sed  neque  muniebantur  '^ 
ea  neque  more  militari  vigiliae  deducebantur ;  uti 
cuique  lubebat  ab  signis  aberat.  Lixae  permixti 
cum  militibus  diu  noctuque  vagabantur  et  palantes 
agros  vastare,  villas  expugnare,  pecoris  et  manci- 
piorum  praedas  certantes  agere  eaque  mutare  cum 
mercatoribus  vino  advecticio  et  aliis  talibus,  praeterea 
frumentum  publice  datum  vendere,  panem  in  dies 
mercari ;  postremo  quaecumque  dici  aut  fingl  queunt 
ignaviae  luxuriaeque  probra  in  illo  exercitu  cuncta 
fuere  et  alia  amplius. 

XLV.  Sed  in  ea^  difficultate  Metellum  non  minus 
quam  in  rebus  hostilibus  magnum  et  sapientem 
virum  fuisse  comperior  ;  tanta  temperantia  inter  am- 

2  bitionem  saevitiamque  moderatum.  Namque  edicto 
primum  adiumenta  ignaviae  sustulisse,  ne  quisquam 
in  castris  panem  aut  quem '  alium  coctum  cibum 
venderet,  ne  lixae  exercitum  sequerentur,  ne  miles 
gregarius  in  castris  neve  in  agmine  servum  aut 
iumentum  haberet  ;  ceteris  arte  modum  statuisse. 
Praeterea  transvorsis  itineribus  cotidie  castra  movere, 
iuxta  ac  si  hostes  adessent  vallo  atque  fossa  munire, 
vigilias  crebras  ponere  et  eas  ipse  cum  legatis  cir- 
cumire,  item  in  agmine  in  primis  modo,  modo  in 
postremis,  saepe  in  medio  adesse,  ne  quispiam  ordine 

^  Fronto,  ad  Anton.  2.  6.  Aa.s  odos. 

^  The  best  7nss.  omit  neque  lumiiebantur  ;  these  words  are 
found  in  Fronto,  loc.  cit.,  and  with  ca  in  some  late  7nss. 

3  Omitted  by  the  best  7nss. 
230 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xliv.  4-XLv.  2 

when  he  retained  the  command  he  had  kept  the  sol- 
diers for  the  most  part  in  a  permanent  camp,  except 
when  the  stench  or  the  need  of  fodder  had  compelled 
him  to  change  his  position.  But  his  camps  were  not 
fortified,  nor  was  watch  kept  in  military  fashion  ;  men 
absented  themselves  from  duty  whenever  they 
pleased.  Camp  followers  and  soldiers  ranged  about 
in  company  day  and  night,  and  in  their  forays  laid 
waste  the  country,  stormed  farmhouses,  and  vied  with 
one  another  in  amassing  booty  in  the  form  of  cattle 
and  slaves,  which  they  bartered  with  the  traders  for 
foreign  wine  and  other  luxuries.  They  even  sold  the 
grain  which  was  allotted  them  by  the  state  and 
bought  bread  from  day  to  day.  In  short,  whatever 
disgraceful  excesses  resulting  from  idleness  and 
wantonness  can  be  mentioned  or  imagined  were  all 
to  be  found  in  that  army  and  others  besides. 

XLV.  But  in  dealing  with  these  difficulties,  as  well 
as  in  waging  war,  1  find  that  Metellus  showed  himself 
a  great  and  prudent  man,  so  skilful  a  course  did  he 
steer  between,  indulgence  and  severity.  For  in  the 
first  place  he  is  said  to  have  removed  the  incentives 
to  indolence  bv  an  edict  that  no  one  should  sell  bread 
or  any  other  cooked  food  within  the  camp,  that  sut- 
lers should  not  attend  the  army,  and  that  no  private 
soldier  should  have  a  slave  or  a  pack  animal  in  camp 
or  on  the  march  ;  and  he  set  a  strict  limit  on  other 
practices  of  the  kind.  Moreover  he  broke  camp  every 
day  for  cross-country  marches,  fortified  it  with  a 
palisade  and  moat  just  as  if  the  enemy  were  near, 
and  set  guards  at  short  intervals  and  inspected  them 
in  person  attended  by  his  lieutenants.  On  the  march 
too  he  was  now  with  those  in  the  van,  now  in  the  rear, 
often  in  the  middle  of  the  line,  to  see  that  no  one 

231 


SALLUST 

egrederetur,   ut    cum   signis  frequentes   incederent, 
3  miles    cibum    et  arma  portaret.      Ita   proliibendo   a 
delictis    magis    quam    vindicando    exercitum    brevi 
confirmavit. 

XLVI.  Interea  lugurtha,  ubi  quae  Metellus  age- 
bat  ex  nuntiis  accepit^  simul  de  innocentia  eius 
certior    Roma  ^   factus,   diffidere    suis   rebus  ac  turn 

2  demum  veram  deditionem  facere  conatus  est.  Igituv 
legates  ad  consulem  cum  suppliciis  mittit^  qui  tan- 
tum  modo  ipsi  liberisque  vitam  peterent^  alia  omnia 

3  dederent  populo  Romano.  Sed  Metello  iam  antea 
experimentis  cognitum  erat  genus  Numidarum  in- 
fidum,  ingenio  mobili,  novarum  rerum  avidum   esse. 

4  Itaque  legatos  alium  ab  alio  divorsos  aggreditur  ac 
paulatim  temptando^  postquam  opportunos  sibi 
cognovit^  multa  poUicendo  persuadet,  uti  lugurtham 
maxume  vivom,  sin  id  parum  {)rocedat,  necatum  sibi 
traderent.  Ceterum  palam  quae  ex  voluntate  forent 
regi  nuntiare  ^  iubet. 

5  Deinde  ipse  paucis  diebus  intento  atque  infesto 
exercitu  in  Numidiam  procedit,  ubi  contra  belli 
faciem  tuguria  plena  hominum,  pecora  cultoresque 
in  agris  erant.  Ex  oppidis  et  mapalibus  praefecti 
regis  obvii  procedebant  parati  frumentum  dare^ 
commeatum  portare,  postremo  omnia  quae  imperar- 

^   The  best  mss.  have  Romae  ;  Nonius,  p.  325,  has  Roma. 
2  Some  good  mss.  have  nuntiari. 


*  Branches  of  laurel  or  olive,  indicating  that  they  came  lo 
sue  for  peace. 

232 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xlv.  2-xi.vi.  5 

left  the  ranks,  that  they  advanced  in  a  body  about 
the  standards,  and  that  the  soldiers  carried  food  and 
arms.  In  this  way,  rather  by  keeping  them  from 
doing  wrong  than  by  punishing  them,  he  soon 
restored  the  temper  of  his  army. 

XLVI.  Jugurtha  meanwhile  learned  through  mes- 
sengers what  Metellus  was  about,  and  at  the  same 
time  received  word  froin  Rorne  that  his  opponent 
was  incorruptible.  He  therefore  began  to  lose  heart 
in  his  cause  and  for  the  first  time  attempted  to 
arrange  a  genuine  surrender.  Accordingly,  he  sent  en- 
voys to  the  consul  with  tokens  of  submission,^  merely 
asking  that  his  own  life  and  those  of  his  children  be 
spared  and  leaving  all  else  to  the  discretion  of  the 
Roman  people.  But  Metellus  had  already  learned 
from  experience  that  the  Numidians  were  a  treacher- 
ous race,  of  fickle  disposition,  and  fond  of  a  change. 
He  therefore  separated  the  envoys  and  approached 
them  one  by  one.  When  by  gradually  sounding  them 
he  found  that  they  could  be  used  for  his  design,  he 
induced  them  by  lavish  promises  to  deliver  Jugurtha 
into  his  hands,  alive  if  possible ;  or  dead,  if  he 
could  not  be  taken  alive.  But  publicly  he  bade  them 
take  back  a  reply  in  accordance  with  the  king's 
wishes. 

A  few  days  later  the  consul  with  his  army  alert 
and  ready  for  battle  invaded  Numidia,  where  he 
found  nothing  to  indicate  a  state  of  war ;  the  huts 
were  full  of  men,  and  cattle  and  farmers  were  to  be 
seen  in  the  fields.  The  king's  officers  came  out  to 
meet  him  from  the  towns  and  villages,^  offering  to 
furnish   grain,  transport  provisions — in  short,  to  do 

^  Mapalia  (see  chap,  xviii. )  is  here  used  collectively-  of  a 
collection  of  huts  ;  we  may  compare  the  various  uses  of  vicus 
{oIkos)  in  Latin. 


SALLUST 

6  entur  facere.  Neque  Metellus  idcirco  minus,  sed 
pariter  ac  si  hostes  adessent,  munito  agmine  in- 
cedere,   late    explorare   omnia,   ilia   deditionis  signa 

7  ostentui  credere  et  insidiis  locum  temptari.^  Itaque 
ipse  cum  expeditis  cohortibus,  item  fiinditorum  et 
sagittariovum  delecta  manu  apud  primes  erat,  in 
postremo  C.  Marius  legatus  cum  equitibus  curabat, 
in  utrumque  latus  auxiliarios  equites  tribunis  legi- 
onum  et  praefectis  cohortium  dispertiverat,  ut  cum 
eis    permixti    velites,    quocumque   accederent   equi- 

8  tatus  hostium,  propulsarent.  Nam  in  lugurtha 
tantus  dolus  tantaque  peritia  locorum  et  militiae 
erat,  ut  absens  an  praesens,  pacem  an  bellum  gerens 
perniciosior  esset,  in  ^  incerto  haberetur. 

XLVII.  Erat  baud  longe  ab  eo  itinere,  quo 
Metellus  pergebat,  oppidum  Numidarum  nomine 
Vaga,  forum  rerum  venalium  totius  regni  maxume 
celebratum,  ubi  et  incolere  et  mercari  consueverant 
2  Italici  generis  multi  mortales.  Hue  consul  simul 
temptandi  gratia  si  paterentur,  et  opportunitatis  ^ 
loci  praesidium  imposuit.  Praeterea  imperavit  fru- 
mentum  et  alia  quae  bello  usui  forent  coraportare, 

^  P  and  the  other  good  msf^.  have  teniptare. 

2  P  and  some  other  good  mss.  omit  in. 

•'  fKtVt  read  opportunitatis  ivith  one  ms.  and  moved  et 
from  he/ore  si  paterentur.  P  and  other  good  mss.  read  et 
si  paterentur  opportunitates. 

^  This  title  was  peculiar  to  the  sillied  contingent  of  tlie 
Roman  army,  which  was  divided  into  two  alae  of  ten  cohorts 

234 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xlvi.  5-xLvii.  2 

everything  that  they  were  ordered.  None  the  less, 
exactly  as  if  the  enemy  were  close  at  hand,  Metellus 
advanced  with  his  line  protected  on  all  sides,  and 
reconnoitred  the  country  far  and  wide,  believing  that 
these  indications  of  submission  were  a  pretence  and 
that  the  enemy  were  seeking  an  opportunity  for 
treachery.  Accordingly,  he  himself  led  the  van  with 
the  light- armed  cohorts  as  well  as  a  picked  body  of 
slingers  and  archers,  his  lieutenant  Gaius  Marius 
with  the  cavahy  had  charge  of  the  rear,  while  on 
both  flanks  he  had  apportioned  the  cavalry  of  the 
auxilaries  to  the  tribunes  of  the  legions  and  the 
prefects^  of  the  cohorts.  With  these  the  light-armed 
troops  were  mingled,-  whose  duty  it  was  to  repel 
the  attacks  of  the  enemy's  horsemen,  wherever  they 
might  be  made.  For  Jugurtha  was  so  crafty,  so  well 
acquainted  with  the  region  and  so  versed  in  military 
science,  that  it  was  not  certain  whether  he  was  more 
dangerous  when  absent  or  when  present,  at  peace  or 
making  war. 

Xl.Vn.  Not  far  from  the  route  which  Metellus 
was  taking  lay  a  town  of  the  Numidians  called  Vaga, 
the  most  frequented  emporium  of  the  entire  kingdom, 
where  many  men  of  Italic  race  traded  and  made 
their  homes.  Here  the  consul  stationed  a  garrison, 
both  to  see  whether  the  inhabitants  would  accept 
his  overtures  and  because  of  the  advantages  of  the 
situation.^  He  gave  orders  too  that  grain  and  other 
necessaries  of  war  should  be  brought  together  there, 

each  ;  each  cohort  was  made  up  of  men  of.  the  same  nationality 
under  the  command  of  a  native  praefectus. 

'  Between  their  ranks  ;  see  Livy  26.  4.  9,  institutnm  nt 
celites  in  legionibus  essent.  Auctorern,  peditum  eqiiiti  hn- 
miscendorum  centurionem  Q.  N'avium  ftriint. 

'  Text  and  meaning  are  somewhat  uncertain. 

235 


SALLUST 

ratus,  id  quod  res  monebat,  frequentiam  negotia- 
torum  et  commeatu  iuvaturam  ^  exercitum  et  iam 
paratis  rebus  munimento  fore. 

Inter  haec  negotia  lugurtha  impensius  modo 
legatos  supplices  mittere,  pacem  orare,  praeter  suam 
liberorumque  vitam  omnia  Metello  dedere.  Quos 
item  uti  priores  consul  illectos  ad  proditionem 
domum  dimittebat,  regi  pacem  quam  postulabat 
neque  abnuere  neque  polliceri^  et  inter  eas  moras 
promissa  legatorum  expectare. 

XLVIII.  lugurtha  ubi  Metelli  dicta  cum  factis 
composuit  ac  se  suis  artibus  temptari  animadvortit, 
quippe  cui  verbis  pax  nuntiabatur,  ceterum  re  bellum 
asperrumum  erat,  urbs  maxuma  alienata,  ager  hosti- 
bus  cognitus,  animi  popularium  temptati,  coactus 
rerum  necessitudine  statuit  armis  certare.  Igitur 
explorato  hostium  itinere_,  in  spem  victoriae  adductus 
ex  opportunitate  loci^  quam  maxumas  potest  copias 
omnium  generum  parat  ac  per  tramites  occultos 
exercitum  Metelli  antevenit. 

Erat  in  ea  parte  Numidiae  quam  Adherbal  in 
divisione  possederat^  flumen  oriens  a  meridie  nomine 
Muthul,  a  quo  aberat  mons  ferme  milia  passuum 
viginti  tractu  pari^  vastus  ab  natura  et  humane  cultu. 
Sed  ex  eo  medio  quasi  coUis  oriebatur  in  immensum 

^  commeatu  iuvaturam,  Ursinus  ;  eommeatum  iuvaturum, 
mes. 

'  The  meaning  is  not  clear  Apparently  Metellus  counted 
upon  the  traders  to  furnish  him  with  supplies  anrl  to  protect 
those  which  he  had  ordered  to  be  sent  to  the  town.     Capes, 

236 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA/xlvii.  5-xLviii.  3 

believing,  as  the  circumstances  suggested,  that  the 
large  number  of  traders  would  aid  his  army  in  getting 
supplies  and  serve  as  a  protection  to  those  which  he 
had  already  prepared.^ 

While  this  was  going  on,  Jugurtha  with  even 
greater  insistence  sent  suppliant  envoys,  begged  for 
peace,  and  offered  Metellus  everything  except  his 
life  and  that  of  his  children.  These  envoys  too,,  like 
the  former  ones,  the  consul  persuaded  to  turn  traitors 
and  sent  home,  neither  refusing  nor  promising  the 
king  the  peace  for  which  he  asked  and  meanwhile 
waiting  for  the  envoys  to  fulfil  their  promises. 

XLVin.  When  Jugurtha  came  to  compare  the  words 
of  Metellus  with  his  actions,  he  realized  that  he  was 
being  attacked  with  his  own  weapons  ;  for  ostensibly 
peace  was  offered  him  but  in  reality  the  bitterest 
warfare  was  on  foot.  His  principal  city  had  been 
taken  from  him,  the  country  was  now  familiar  to 
the  enemy,  the  loyalty  of  his  subjects  was  being 
undermined.  He  was  therefore  compelled  to  try 
the  fortune  of  battle.  Accordingly,  having  recon- 
noitred the  enemy's  march,  he  was  led  to  hope  for 
victory  from  the  nature  of  the  country,  and  after 
assembling  the  greatest  possible  forces  of  all  kinds, 
he  got  in  advance  of  Metellus'  army  by  obscure 
by-paths. 

In  that  part  of  Numidia  which  the  partition  had 
given  to  Adherbal  there  was  a  river  flowing  from  the 
south  called  the  Muthul,  and  about  twenty  miles 
from  it  was  a  naturally  desolate  and  uncultivated 
range  of  hills  running  parallel  with  the  river.  From 
•about  the  middle  of  this  range  an  elevation  branched 

however,  takes  rthus  paratis  of  the  preparation.s  made  by  the 
inhabitants  "for  a  revolt  against  Jugurtha." 

237 


SALLUST 

pertingens,  vestitus  oleastro  ac  murtetis  aliisque 
generibus  arborum  quae  luimi  arido  atque  harenoso 
4  gignuntiir.  Media  autem  j)laiiities  deserta  penuria 
aquae  praeter  fluiiiini  propinqua  loca ;  ea  consita 
arbustis  pecore  atque  cultoribus  frequentabantur. 

XLIX.  Igitur  in  eo  colle,  quern  transvorso  itinere 
porrectum  docuimus^  lugurtha  extenuata  suorum 
acie.  consedit,  elephantis  et  parti  copiarum  pedes- 
trium  Bomilcarem  praefecit  eumque  edocet  quae 
ageret.      Ipse  propior  montem  cum  omni  equitatu  et 

2  peditibus  delectis  suos  conlocat.  Dein  singulas 
turmas  et  manipulos  circumiens  monet  atque  obtes- 
tatur  uti  memores  pristinae  virtutis  et  victoriae  sese 
regnumque  suum  ab  Romanorum  avaritia  defendant ; 
cum  eis  certamen  fore,  quos  antea  victos  sub  iugum 
miserint ;  ducem  illis,  non  animum  mutatum  ;  quae 
ab  imperatore  decuerint  omnia  suis  provisa,  locum 
superiorem,  ut  prudentes  cum  imperitis,  ne  pauciores 
cum  pluribusaut  rudes  cum  belli  ^  melioribus  manum 

3  consererent ;  j)roinde  parati  intentique  essent  signo 
dato     Romanos    invadere  ;    ilium    diem    aut    omnis 

^  belli,  P  and  other  good  mss.  and  Arusianus,  7.  492.  8  k. 
Some  good  ws's.  have  bello. 


3 


238 


Coll  is 


Acies  Jugurthae 

/ 

•^  '  Metelli 

^'    < 

^  /        iter 

I 

I 

; 

South 


o 
1^ 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xlviii.  3-xLix.  3 

off  and  extended  for  a  long  distance,  clothed 
with  wild  olive,  myrtles,  and  other  varieties  of 
trees  which  grow  in  a  dry  and  sandy  soil.  The  in- 
tervening plain  ^  was  uninhabited  from  lack  of 
water  except  the  parts  along  the  river,  which  were 
covered  with  shrubs  and  frequented  by  cattle  and 
farmers. 

XLIX.  On  this  hill  then,  which  flanked  the  Ro- 
mans' line  of  march,'-^  as  I  have  said,  Jugurtha  took 
his  position  with  his  line  greatly  extended.  He  gave 
the  command  of  the  elephants  and  a  part  of  the  in- 
fantry to  Bomilcar  and  told  him  what  his  ])lan  was. 
He  placed  his  own  men  nearer  the  mountain  with 
all  the  cavalry  and  the  flower  of  his  infantry.  Then 
going  about  to  the  various  squads  and  companies,  he 
admonished  and  besought  them  to  be  mindful  of  their 
old  time  valour  and  victories,  and  to  defend  them- 
selves and  their  country  from  the  greed  of  the  Romans. 
They  were  to  fight,  he  said,  with  men  whom  they  had 
already  vanquished  and  sent  under  the  yoke ;  their 
leader  was  changed  but  not  their  spirit.  For  his 
own  part,  he  had  jirovided  for  his  men  everything 
that  a  leader  ought :  that  on  higher  ground  and  pre- 
pared for  action  they  might  fight  against  men  taken 
by  surprise ;  that  they  might  not  have  to  fight  few 
against  many  nor  untrained  against  better  soldiers. 
Therefore  they  must  be  ready  and  eager  to  attack 
the  Romans  when  the  signal  was  given,  for  that  day 

^  That  is,  between  the  range  of  hills  and  the  Muthul, 
'^  Transverso  itinere  is  taken  by  some  to  mean  simply 
"  cross- wise "  ;  that  is,  at  right  angles  to  the  river  and 
the  mountains  {mons),  as  in  the  diagram  on  the  opposite  page, 
exclusive  of  the  dotted  line.  Others  take  it  as  "across  the 
line  of  march."  The  collis  would  then  be  represented  by 
the  dotted  line. 

239 


SALLUST 

labores  et  victorias   confirmaturum  aut   inaxuniaruiii 

4  aeruinnariim  iiiitium  fore.  Ad  hoc  viritiiu,  iiti 
quemque  oh  inilitare  facinus  peciinia  aut  honore 
extulerat^  commonefacere  benifici  sui  et  eum  ipsum 
aliis  ostentare^  postremo  pro  ^  cuiusqiie  ingenio 
pollicendo,  minitando^  obtestando^  alium  alio  modo 
excitare  ;  cum  interim  Metellus,  ignarus  hostium, 
monte  degrediens  cum  exercitu  conspicatur.^    Primo 

5  dubius  quidnam  insolita  facies  ostenderet — nam  inter 
virgulta  equi  Numidaeque  consederant,,  neque  plane 
occultati  humilitate  arborum  et  tamen  incerti  quid- 
nam asset,  cum  natura  loci  tum  dolo  ipsi  atque 
signa  militaria  obscurati— -dein  brevi  cognitis  insidiis 

6  paulisper  agmen  constituit.  Ibi  commutatis  ordi- 
nibus  in  dextro  ^  latere,  quod  proxumum  hostis  erat, 
triplicibus  subsidiis  aciem  instruxit ;  inter  manipulos 
funditores  et  sagittarios  dispertit,  equitatuni  omnem 
in  cornibus  locat  ac  pauca  pro  tempore  milites  lior- 
tatus  aciem,  sicuti  instruxerat,  transvorsis  principiis 
in  planum  deducit. 

L.   Sed  ubi  Numidas  quietos  neque  colle  degredi 
animadvortit,    veritus     ex    anni    tempore    et    inopia 

'  pro,  ^  ;  omitted  by  the  best  ms<?. 

2  conspicatur,  Donat.  in  Ttr.  Eun.  3S3,  Prise.  2.  436.  4  k. 
The  bed  mss.  have  conspicitur.  ^  dextero,  P. 

^  He  made  the  marching  column  face  to  the  right  (towards 
the  enemy),  and  placed  the  cavalry  on  what  were  the  wings 
as  long  as  the  army  faced  in  that  direction  ;  he  then 
wheeled  towards  the  river  and  continued  his  march  with 
those  who  had   formed   tlie  front  rank   (of  the  battle   line) 

240 


I 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xlix.  3-L.  i 

would  either  crown  all  their  toil  and  victories^  or 
would  be  the  beginning  of  the  utmost  wretchedness. 
He  also  addressed  them  individually  and  recalled  his 
favours  to  the  mind  of  every  soldier  whom  he  had  ever 
rewarded  with  money  or  honour  for  any  deed  of 
arms,  and  pointed  out  the  recipient  to  his  comrades. 
Finally  J  by  promises,  threats  or  entreaties  he  incited 
one  man  after  another,  each  in  a  different  way  ac- 
cording to  his  disposition,  when  meanwhile  Metellus, 
unaware  of  the  enemy  and  coming  down  the  moun- 
tain with  his  army,  caught  sight  of  them.  At  first 
the  Roman  wondered  what  the  unusual  appearance  of 
things  meant,  for  the  Numidians  with  their  horses  had 
taken  their  places  amid  the  woods,  and  while  because 
of  the  lowness  of  the  trees  they  were  not  entirely 
covered,  yet  it  was  difficult  to  make  out  just  what 
they  were,  since  the  men  and  their  standards  were 
concealed  both  by  the  nature  of  the  place  and  by 
disguise.  But  the  consul  soon  detected  the  ambuscade, 
halted  his  army  for  a  space,  and  then  made  a  change 
in  its  formation.  His  right  flank,  which  was  nearest 
the  enemy,  he  strengthened  with  three  lines  of  re- 
serves. Between  the  maniples  he  placed  the  slingers 
and  archers,  while  on  the  wings  he  stationed  all  the 
cavalry.  Then  after  exhorting  the  soldiers  briefly,  as 
the  time  demanded,  he  led  his  army  down  into  the 
plain,  just  as  he  had  drawn  it  up,  with  those  who 
had  been  in  the  van  now  forming  the  flank. ^ 

L.  When  Metellus  saw  that  the  Numidians  re- 
mained quiet  and  did  not  come  down  from  the  hill, 
he  feared  that  at  that  season  of  the  year  and  because 

sideM'ays  to  the  enemy ;  i.e.,  forming  the  flank  of  his 
marching  column.  In  other  words,  those  who  had  faced  the 
enemy  now  had  them  on  the  right  hand. 

241 
R 


SALLUST 

aquae,  ne  siti  conficeretur  exercitus,  Rutilium  lega- 
tiim  cum  expeditis  coliortibus  et  parte  equitum 
praemisit  ad  flumen,  uti  locum  castris  antecaperet, 
existumans  hostis  crebro  impetu  et  transvorsis  proe- 
liis  iter  suum  remoraturos,  et  quoniam  armis  diffi- 
derent,  lassitudinem  et  sitim  militum  temptaturos. 

2  Delude  ipse  pro  re  atque  loco,  sicuti  monte  descen- 
derat  paulatim  proce^ere,  Marium  post  principia 
habere,  ipse  cum  sinistrae  alae  equitibus  esse,  qui  in 
agmine  principes  facti  erant. 

3  At  lugurtha,  ubi  extremum  agmen  Metelli  primos 
suos  praetergressum  1  videt,  praesidio  quasi  duum 
milium  peditum  montem  occupat,  qua  Metellus 
descenderat,  ne  forte  cedentibus  advorsariis  receptui 
ac  post  munimento  foret.     Dein  repente  signo  dato 

4  hostis  invadit.  Numidae  alii  postremos  caedere, 
pars  a  sinistra  ac  dextra  temptare,  infensi  adesse 
atque  instare,  omnibus  locis  Romanorum  ordines 
conturbare,  quorum  etiam  qui  firmioribus  animis 
obvii  hostibus  fuerant,  ludificati  incerto  proelio  ipsi 
modo    eminus    sauciabantur    neque    contra   feriundi 

5  aut  conserundi  manum  copia  erat ;  ante  iam  docti 
ab  lugurtha  equites,  ubi  Romanorum  turma  insequi 
coeperat,  non  confertim  neque  in  unum  sese  recipie- 

1  praetergressos,  F  and  other  good  mss. 

1  That  is,  they  would  foiin  the  van  if  the   army  wheeled 
about  to  face  the  Numidians.  ,.,»,.„      ,     i 

2  Those  nearest  to  the  mountain  from  which  Metellus  had 

come. 
242 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  l.  1-5 

of  the  scarcity  of  water  his  army  might  be  exhausted 
by  thirst.  He  therefore  sent  his  Heutenant  Rutilius 
with  the  Ught-armed  cohorts  and  a  part  of  the  cavalry 
towards  the  river,  with  instructions  to  occupy  in  ad- 
vance a  position  for  the  camp ;  for  he  thought  that 
the  enemy  would  try  to  delay  his  progress  by  frequent 
assaults  on  the  flank,  and  since  they  put  little  trust 
in  their  arms,  that  they  would  try  the  effect  of  fatigue 
and  thirst  upon  his  soldiers.  Then,  as  the  circum- 
stances and  situation  demanded,  he  advanced  slowly 
in  the  same  order  in  which  he  had  come  down  from 
the  mountain,  keeping  Marius  behind  what  had  been 
the  front  line,^  while  he  himself  was  with  the  cavalry 
on  the  left  wing,  which  had  now  become  the  van. 

As  soon  as  Jugurtha  saw  that  Metellus'  rear  had 
passed  by  the  first  of  his  own  men,^  he  stationed  a 
force  of  about  two  thousand  infantry  on  the  moun- 
tain at  the  point  from  which  the  Romans  had  just 
come,  so  that  if  his  opponents  should  give  ground, 
they  might  not  have  this  refuge  and  protection  in 
their  rear.  Then  he  suddenly  gave  the  signal 
and  launched  his  attack.  Some  of 'the  Numidians 
cut  down  the  hindermost  Romans,  while  a  part 
attacked  them  on  the  right  and  left,  pressing  on 
with  vigour  and  energy  and  throwing  the  rajnks 
into  general  confusion.  For  even  those  who  had 
withstood  the  charge  with  a  stout  heart  were  baffled 
by  this  irregular  manner  of  fighting,  in  which  they 
were  only  wounded  from  a  distance,  without  having 
the  opportunity  of  striking  back  or  of  joining  in 
hand  to  hand  conflict.  Jugurtha's  horsemen,  follow- 
ing the  instructions  given  them  beforehand,  whenever 
a  squadron  of  the  Roman  cavalry  began  to  attack 
them,  gave  way ;  not,  however,  in  a  body  or  in  one 

243 
R   2 


SALLUST 

6  bant,  sed  alius  alio  cfuam  maxume  divorsi.  Ita 
numero  priorcs,  si  ab  persequendo  bostis  deterrere 
nequiverant,  disiectos  ab  tergo  aut  lateribus  circum- 
veniebant ;  sin  opportunior  fugae  coUis  quam  camp, 
fuerat,  ea  vero  consueti  NuiTiidarum  equi  facie  inter 
virgulta  evadere,  nostros  asperitas  et  insolentia  loo, 

retinebat. 

LI  Ceterum  facias  totius  negoti  varia,  incerta, 
foeda  atque  miserabilis.  Dis,,ersi  a  suis  pars  cedere, 
alii  insequi,  neque  signa  neque  ordines  observare, 
ubi  quemque  periculum  ceperat  ibi  resistere  ao  pro- 
pulsare,  arma  tela,  equi  viri,  hostes  atque  cives  per- 
n^ixti,  nihil  eonsilio  neque  imperio  agi,  fors  omnia 

regere. 

2  Itaque  multum  diei  processerat,  cum  etiam  turn 

3  eventus  in  incerto  erat.  Denique,  omnibus  labore  et 
aestu  languidis,  Metellus,  ubi  videt  Numidas  minus 
instare,  paulatim  milites  in  unum  conduoit,  ordines 
restituit  et  cohortis  legionarias  quattuor  advorsum 
„edites  hostium  coUocat.      Eorum   magna  pars   su- 

,  perioribus  locis  fessa  consederat,  Simul  orare  et 
hortari  milites,  ne  defieerent  neu  paterei.itur  host.s 
fugientis  vincere;  neque  iUis  castra  esse  neque 
munimentum    uUum,    quo   cedentes   tenderent;    m 

5  armis  omnia  sita,     Sed  ne  lugurtha  quidem  interea 

244 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  l.  5-L1.  5 

direction,  but  dispersing  as  widely  as  possible.  Thus 
even  if  they  had  been  unable  to  check  the  enemy's 
pursuit,  with  their  superior  numbers  they  cut  off  the 
stragglers  in  the  rear  or  on  the  flanks.  If  the  hill 
proved  to  be  more  favourable  for  their  flight  than 
the  plains,  there  too  the  horses  of  the  Numidians, 
being  acquainted  with  the  ground,  easily  made  their 
escape  amid  the  thickets,  while  the  steep  and  un- 
familiar ground  proved  a  hindrance  to  our  men. 

LI.  Thus  the  aspect  of  the  v/hole  affair  was 
confused,  uncertain,  horrible  and  lamentable.  Se- 
parated from  their  comrades,  some  of  our  men  gave 
way,  others  attacked.  They  could  neither  follow  the 
standards  nor  keep  their  ranks ;  but  wherever  each 
man  had  been  overtaken  by  danger,  there  he  stood 
his  ground  and  defended  himself.  Arms  and  weapons, 
men  and  horses,  Numidians  and  Romans  were 
mingled  in  confusion.  There  was  no  opportunity  for 
advice  nor  command  ;  chance  held  sway  everywhere. 

In  this  way  a  considerable  part  of  the  day  had 
passed  and  the  outcome  of  the  battle  was  still  uncer- 
tain. Finally,  when  all  the  Romans  were  growing 
wearied  from  their  exertions  and  the  heat,  Metellus 
noticed  that  the  Numidians  also  were  attacking  with 
less  vigour.  He  therefore  gradually  united  his  sol- 
diers, reformed  the  ranks,  and  opposed  four  legionary 
cohorts  to  the  enemy's  infantry,  the  greater  part  of 
which  through  fatigue  had  taken  refuge  on  the 
higher  ground.  At  the  same  time  he  begged  and 
implored  his  men  not  to  weaken  or  allow  a  fleeing 
enemy  to  win  the  victory  ;  he  pointed  out  that  the 
Romans  had  no  camp  or  fortress  as  a  refuge,  but 
must  rely  wholly  upon  their  arms.  Meanwhile 
Jugurtha  in  his  turn  was  not  quiet,  went  about  and 

245 


SALLUST 

quietus  erat ;  circumire^  hortari,  renovare  proelium 
et  ipse  cum  delectis  temptare  omnia,  subvenire  suis, 
hostibus  dubiis  instare,  quos  firmos  cognoverat  eminus 
pugnando  retinere. 

LI  I.   Eo    modo   inter    se   duo  imperatores   summi 
viri  certabant,  ipsi  pares,  ceterum  opibus  disparibus. 

2  Nam  Metello  virtus  militum  erat,  locus  advorsus, 
lugurthae    alia    omnia    praeter    milites    opportuna. 

3  Denique  Romani,  ubi  intellegunt  neque  sibi  per- 
fugium  esse  neque  ab  lioste  copiam  pugnandi  fieri — 
et  iam  die  ^   vesper  erat — advorso  colle,  sicuti  prae- 

4  ceptum  fuerat,  evadunt.  Amisso  loco  Numidae  fusi 
fugatique.  Pauci  interiere,  plerosque  ^  velocitas  et 
regio  hostibus  ignara  tutata  sunt. 

5  Interea  Bomilcar,  quem  elephantis  et  parti  co- 
piarum  pedestrium  praefectum  ab  lugurtha  supra 
diximus,  ubi  eum  Rutilius  praetergressus  est,  paula- 
tim  suos  in  aequom  locum  deducit  ac  dum  legatus 
ad  flumen,  quo  praemissus  erat,  festinans  pergit, 
quietus,    uti    res   postulabat,    aciem    exornat   neque 

6  remittit  quid  ubique  hostis  ageret  explorare.  Post 
quam  Rutilium  consedisse  iam  et  animo  vacuom 
accepit  simulque  ex  lugurthae  proelio  clamorem 
augeri,  veritus  ne  legatus  cognita  re  laborantibus 
suis  auxilio  foret,  aciem  quam  diffidens   virtuti  mili- 

^  Some  good  mss.  have  dies. 

^  F  and  some  other  good  inss.  have  phuesque. 


1  That  is,  unaM'.'ire  of  tlie  danger  ;  c/.  Tacitus,  Ann.  2.  46, 
trea  vacuaa  Ityiones  et  diicis /raudis  iynarum. 

246 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  li.  5-L11.  6 

encouraged  his  men^  and  endeavoured  to  renew  the 
battle  ;  in  person  with  the  flower  of  his  troops  he 
tried  every  device^  aided  his  men,  charged  the  enemy 
where  they  wavered,  and  by  attacks  at  long  range 
held  at  bay  those  whom  he  had  found  to  be 
unshaken. 

Ln.  Thus  did  these  two  men,  both  great  com- 
manders, struggle  with  each  other ;  personally  they 
were  on  an  equality  but  they  were  ill  matched  in 
their  resources ;  for  Metellus  had  valiant  soldiers  but 
an  unfavourable  position,  while  Jugurtha  had  the  ad- 
vantage in  all  except  his  men.  At  last  the  Romans, 
realizing  that  they  had  no  place  of  refuge  and  that 
the  foe  gave  them  no  opportunity  for  fighting  (and 
it  was  already  evening),  charged  up  the  hill  as  they 
had  l)een  ordered  and  broke  through.  Losing  that 
position,  the  Numidians  gave  way  and  fled.  A  few 
were  killed ;  the  greater  number  were  saved  by 
their  quickness  and  the  Romans'  lack  of  familiarity 
with  the  country. 

In  the  meantime  Bomilcar,  who  had  been  put  in 
command  of  the  elephants  and  a  part  of  the  infantry 
by  Jugurtha,  as  I  have  already  said,  when  Rutilius 
had  passed  him,  slowly  led  his  forces  down  into  the 
plain  ;  and  while  the  lieutenant  was  hastily  making 
his  way  to  the  river,  to  which  he  had  been  sent  on, 
Bomilcar  drew  up  his  line  quietly,  as  the  circum- 
stances demanded,  continuing  to  keep  an  eye  on  the 
enemy's  movements  in  all  parts  of  the  field.  When 
he  found  that  Rutilius  had  encamped  and  was  now 
easy  in  mind,i  while  the  din  from  Jugurtha's  battle 
increased,  he  feared  that  the  lieutenant,  if  he  knew 
the  critical  condition  of  his  countrymen,  might  go  to 
their   aid.     Accordingly,    wishing  to    intercept    the 

247 


SALLUST 

turn  arte  statuerat,  quo  hostium  itineri  officeret, 
latius  porrigit  eoque  modo  ad  Rutili  castra  procedit. 
LIII.  Romani  ex  improviso  pulveris  vim  magnam 
animadvortunt ;  nam  prospectum  ager  arbustis  eon- 
situs  prohibebat.  Et  primo  rati  humum  aridam 
vento  agitari,  post  ubi  aequabilem  manere^  et  sicuti 
acies  movebatur,  n^agis  magisque  appropinquare 
vident^  cognita  re  properantes  arma  capiunt  ac  pro 

2  castris_,  sicuti  imperabatur,  consistunt.  Deinde,  ubi 
propius   ventum  est,  utrimque  magno  clamore  con- 

3  curritur.  Numidae  tantum  modo  remorati,  dum  in 
elephantis  auxilium  putant,  postquam  eos  impeditos 
ramis  arborum  atque  ita  disiectos  circumveniri  vi- 
dent_,  fugam  faciunt  ac  plerique  abiectis  armis  collis 
aut  noctis,  quae  iam  aderat,  auxilio   integri  abeunt. 

4  Elephanti    quattuor    capti,    reliqui     omnes     riumero 
6  quadraginta     interfecti.       At     Romani,    quamquam 

itinere  atque  opere  castrorum  et  proelio  fessi  ^  erant, 
tamen,  quod  Metellus  amplius  opinione  morabatur, 

6  instructi  intentique  obviam  procedunt.  Nam  dolus 
Numidarum  nihil  languidi  neque  remissi  patiebatur. 

7  Ac  primo  obscura  nocte,  postquam  baud  procul  inter 
se  erant,  strepitu  velut  hostes  adventare,^  alteri 
apud  alteros  formidinem  simul  et  tumultum  facere 
et  paene  imprudentia  admissum  facinus  miserabile, 
ni   utrimque    {)raemissi    equites   rem   exploravissent. 

*  fessi  laetiquc,  P  and  other  <jood  mss.;  fessi   lassique,  5-  ; 
Jordan  deleted  laetique, 

2  adventarent,  Dictsch  ;  Gortius  deleted  adveutare. 

248 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lii.  6-uii.  7 

enemy's  inarch_,  he  extended  his  line,  which  he  had 
drawn  up  in  close  order  through  distrust  of  his  sol- 
diers' courage,  and  in  that  formation  approached 
Rutilius's  camp. 

hill.  The  Romans  on  a  sudden  became  aware  of 
a  great  cloud  of  dust,  for  the  bushes  which  covered 
the  ground  cut  off  their  view.  At  first  they  thought 
that  the  wind  was  blowing  up  the  dry  soil ;  but  later,^ 
as  they  saw  that  the  cloud  remained  unchanged  and 
came  nearer  and  nearer  as  the  line  advanced,  they 
realized  the  truth,  and  hastily  catching  up  their  arms, 
took  their  places  before  the  camp,  as  they  were 
ordered.  Then,  when  they  were  at  close  quarters, 
both  sides  charged  with  loud  shouts.  The  Numidians 
stood  their  ground  only  so  long  as  they  thought  the 
elephants  could  protect  them;  but  when  they  saw  that 
the  brutes  became  entangled  in  the  branches  of  the 
trees  and  were  thus  separated  and  surrounded,  they 
took  to  flight.  The  greater  number,  after  throwing 
away  their  arms,  escaped  unhurt,  thanks  to  the  hill 
and  the  night,  which  was  now  close  at  hand.  Four 
elephants  were  taken,  and  all  the  rest  to  the  number 
of  forty  were  killed.  But  although  the  Romans  were 
wearied  by  their  march,  by  the  work  on  the  camp, 
and  by  the  battle,  yet  because  Metellus  was  later 
than  they  expected,  they  went  to  meet  him  in  order 
of  battle  on  the  alert ;  for  the  craft  of  the  Numidians 
admitted  of  no  relaxation  or  carelessness.  It  was 
now  dark  night,  and  at  first,  when  the  armies  were 
not  far  apart,  the  sound,  as  of  a  hostile  force  ap- 
proaching, caused  fear  and  confusion  on  both  sides ; 
and  the  mistake  might  have  led  to  a  deplorable 
catastrophe,  had  not  the  horsemen  who  were  sent 
out  by  botii  sides  to  reconnoitre  discovered  what  the 

249 


SALLUST 

8  Igitur  pro  metu  repente  gaudium  exortum/  milites 
alius  alium  laeti  appellant,  acta  edocent  atqiie 
audiunt,  sua  quisque  fortia  facta  ad  caelum  fert. 
Quippe  res  humanae  ita  sese  liabent :  in  victoria 
vel  ignavis  gloriari  licet,  advorsae  res  etiam  bonos 
detrectant. 

LIV.  Metellus  in  eisdem  castris  quatriduo  mora- 
tus  saucios  cum  cura  reficit,  meritos  in  proeliis  more 
militiae  donat,  univorsos  in  contione  laudat  atque 
agit  gratias,  hortatur  ad  cetera,  quae  levia  sunt, 
parem  animum  gerant ;  pro  victoria  satis  iam  pug- 

2  natum,  reliquos  labores  pro  praeda  fore.  Tamen  ^ 
interim  transfugas  et  alios  opportunos,  lugurtba  ubi 
gentium  aut  quid  agitaret,  cum  paucisne  esset  an 
exercitum  haberet,  ut  sese  victus  gereret  exploratum 

3  misit.  At  ille  sese  in  loca  saltuosa  et  natura  munita 
receperat  ibique  cogebat  exercitum  numero  homi- 
num  ampliorem  sed  hebetem  infirmumque,  agri  ac 

4  pecoris  magis  quam  belli  cultorem.  Id  ea  gratia 
eveniebat,  quod  praeter  regios  equites  nemo  omnium 
Numida  ex  fuga  regem  sequitur ;  quo  cuiusque 
animus  fert,  eo  discedunt  neque  id  flagitium  militiae 
ducitur.      Ita  se  mores  habent. 

5  Igitur  Metellus  ubi  videt  regis  etiam  tum  animum 
ferocem  esse,  bellum  renovari,  quod  nisi  ex  illius 
lubidine  geri  non  posset,  praeterea  iniquum  ^  certa- 

1  exortum,  ms*?.;  mutatur,  Prise.  3.  290.  G  k,  Jordan. 

2  et  tamen,  Jordan. 

3  inicum  (iniquurn)  5- ;  the  bed  nf^s.  have  inimicum. 

250 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  uii.  8-liv.  5 

situation  was.  Thereupon  in  place  of  fear  a- sudden 
joy  arose.  The  exultant  soldiers  called  out  to  one 
another,  told  of  their  exploits  and  heard  the  tales  of 
others.  Each  man  praised  his  own  valiant  deeds  to 
the  skies.  For  so  it  is  with  human  affairs ;  in  time 
of  victory  the  very  cowards  may  brag,  while  defeat 
discredits  even  the  brave. 

LIV.  Metellus  remained  in  the  same  camp  for  four 
days,  giving  careful  attention  to  the  wounded,  re- 
warding good  service  in  the  battles  with  military 
prizes,^  and  praising  and  thanking  all  the  troops  in  a 
body.  He  urged  them  to  have  like  courage  for  the 
easy  tasks  which  remained ;  their  fight  for  victory 
was  at  an  end,  the  rest  of  their  efforts  would  be  for 
booty.  Meanwhile,  however,  he  sent  deserters  and 
other  available  spies  to  find  out  where  in  the  world 
Jugurtha  was  and  what  he  was  about,  whether  he 
had  but  few  followers  or  an  army,  how  he  con- 
ducted himself  in  defeat.  As  a  matter  of  fact,  the 
king  had  retreated  to  a  wooded  district  of  natural 
strength  and  was  there  recruiting  an  army  which  in 
numbers  was  larger  than  before,  but  inefficient  and 
weak,  being  more  familiar  with  farming  and  grazing 
than  with  war.  The  reason  for  this  was,  that  except 
for  the  horsemen  of  his  bodyguard  not  a  single 
Numidian  follows  his  king  after  a  defeat,  but  all  dis- 
perse whithersoever  they  choose,  and  this  is  not 
considered  shameful  for  soldiers.  Such  are  their 
customs. 

Accordingly,  when  Metellus  saw  that  the  king  was 
still  full  of  confidence,  and  that  a  war  was  being 
renewed  which  could  be  carried  on  only  as  his 
opponent  chose,  he  realized  that  his  struggle  with 

^  Some  of  these  are  enumerated  in  Ixxxv.  29. 

251 


SALLUST 

men  sibi  cum  hostibus^  minore  detrimento  illos  vinci 
quam  suos  vincere^  statuit  non  proeliis  neque  in  acie 

6  sed  alio  more  bellum  gerundiim.  Itaque  in  loca 
Numidiae  opulentissuma  pergit^  agros  vastat^  multa 
castella  et  oppida  temere  mimita  aut  sine  praesidio 
capit  ineenditque,  {)uberes  interfici  ^  iubet,  alia 
omnia  militum  praedam  esse.  Ea  formidine  multi 
mortales  Romanis  dediti  obsides^  frumentum  et  alia 
quae  usui  forent  affatim  praebita,  ubieumque  res 
postulabat  praesidium  impositum. 

7  Quae  negotia  multo  magis  quam  proelium  male 

8  pugnatum  ab  suis  regem  terrebant,  quippe  cuius  spes 
omnis  in  fuga  sita  erat,  sequi  cogebatur,  et  qui  sua 
loca  defendere  nequiverat,  in  alienis  bellum  gerere. 

9  Tarn  en  ex  copia-  quod  optumum  videbatur  consilium 
capitj  exercitum  plerumque  in  eisdem  locis  opperiri 
iubet;  ipse  cum  delectis  equitibus  Metellum  sequitur, 
nocturnis  et  aviis  itineribus  ignoratus   Romanos  pa- 

10  lantis  repente  aggreditur.  Eorum  plerique  inermes 
cadunt,  multi  capiuntur,  nemo  omnium  intactus  pro- 
fugit,  et  Numidae,  prius  quam  ex  castris  subveniretur, 
sicuti  iussi  erant,  in  proxumos  collis  discedunt. 

LV.   Interim   Romae  gaudium  ingens  ortum  cog- 
nitis    Metelli    rebus,    ut    seque    et    exercitum    more 


'   P  and  some  other  (food  mss.  have  interfecit. 
'^  P  and  most  of  the  other  good  mas.  have  inopia. 


252 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  uv.  5-Lv.  i 

the  enemy  was  an  unequal  one,  since  defeat  cost 
them  less  than  victory  did  his  own  men.  He  accord- 
ingly decided  tiiat  he  must  conduct  the  campaign,  not 
by  pitched  battles,  but  in  another  fashion.  He  there- 
fore marched  into  the  most  fertile  parts  of  Numidia, 
laid  waste  the  country,  captured  and  burned  many 
strongholds  and  towns  which  had  been  hurriedly 
fortified  or  left  without  defenders,  ordered  the  death 
of  all  the  adults  and  gave  everything  else  to  his  soldiers 
as  booty.  In  this  way  he  caused  such  terror  that 
many  men  were  given  to  the  Romans  as  hostages, 
grain  and  other  necessities  were  furnished  in  abun- 
dance, and  garrisons  were  admitted  wherever  Metellus 
thought  it  advisable. 

These  proceedings  alarmed  the  king  much  more 
than  the  defeat  which  his  men  had  suffered  ;  for 
while  all  his  hopes  depended  upon  flight,  he  was 
forced  to  pursue,  and  when  he  had  been  unable  to 
defend  favourable  positions,  he  was  obliged  to  fight 
in  those  which  were  unfavourable.  However,  he 
adopted  the  plan  which  seemed  best  under  the  cir- 
cumstances and  ordered  the  greater  part  of  the 
army  to  remain  where  it  was,  while  he  himself 
followed  Metellus  with  a  select  body  of  cavalry. 
Making  his  way  at  night  and  through  by-paths  he 
suddenly  fell  upon  the  Roman  stragglers  when  they 
least  expected  it ;  the  greater  number  of  them  were 
killed  before  they  could  arm  themselves,  many  were 
taken,  not  one  escaped  unscathed.  Before  aid  could 
be  sent  from  the  camp,  the  Numidians,  as  they  had 
been  ordered,  scattered  to  the  nearest  hills. 

LV.  Meanwhile,  great  joy  had  arisen  at  Rome  from 
the  news  of  Metellus'  exploits,  when  it  was  learned 
that  he  conducted  himself  and  treated  his  army  after 

253 


SALLUST 

maiorum  gereret,  in  advorso  loco  victor  tamen  virtu te 
fuisset,  hostium  agro  potiretur^  lugurtham  magni- 
ficum  ex  Albini  socordia  spem  salutis  in  solitudine 

2  aut  fuga  coegisset  habere.  Itaque  senatus  ob  ea 
feliciter  acta  dis  immortalibus  supplicia  decernere, 
civitas  trepida  antea  et  sollicita  de  belli  eventu  laeta 

3  agere,  de  Metello  fama  praeclara  esse.  Igitur  eo 
intentior  ad  victoriam  nitij  omnibus  modis  festinare, 
cavere  tamen  necubi  hosti  opportiinus  fieret,  memi- 

4  nisse  post  gloriam  invidiam  sequi.  Ita  quo  clarior 
erat,  eo  magis  anxius  erat,  neque  post  insidias  lu- 
gurthae  efFuso  exercitu  praedari ;  ubi  frumento  aut 
pabulo  opus  erat,  cohortes  cum  omni  equitatu  prae- 
sidium    agitabant ;    exercitus    partem  ipse,   reliquos 

5  Marius  ducebat.     Sed  igni  magis  quam  praeda  ager 
G  vastabatur.     Duobus  locis  baud  longe  inter  se  castra 

7  faciebant.  Ubi  vi  opus  erat,  cuncti  aderant.  Cete- 
rum,  quo  fuga  atque  formido  latius  cresceret,  divorsi 
agebant. 

8  Eo  tempore  lugurtha  per  coUis  sequi,  tempus  aut 
locum  pugnae  quaerere,  qua  venturum  hostem  audi. 
erat,  pabulum  et  aquarum  fontis,  quorum  penuria 
erat,  corrumpere,  modo  se  Metello,  interdum  Mario 
ostendere,  i)ostremos  in  agmine  temptare  ac  statini 

254 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lv.  i-8 

the  fashion  of  old^  that  he,  though  caught  in  an 
unfavourable  position,  had  nevertheless  won  the 
victory  by  his  valour,  was  holding  possession  of  the 
enemy's  territory,  and  had  compelled  Jugurtha, 
who  had  been  made  insolent  by  Aulus'  incapacity, 
to  rest  his  hopes  of  safety  on  the  desert  or  on 
flight.  The  senate  accordingly  voted  a  thanks- 
giving to  the  immortal  gods  because  of  these  suc- 
cesses, while  the  community,  which  before  this  had 
been  in  fear  and  anxiety  as  to  the  outcome  of  the 
war,  gave  itself  up  to  rejoicing.  Metellus'  fame  was 
brilliant.  He  therefore  strove  the  harder  for  vic- 
tory, hastened  matters  in  every  way,  yet  was  care- 
ful not  to  give  the  enemy  an  opening  anywhere, 
remembering  that  envy  follows  hard  upon  glory. 
Hence  the  greater  his  fame,  the  more  caution  he 
showed ;  after  Jugurtha's  ambuscade  he  no  longer 
ravaged  the  country  with  his  army  in  disorder;  when 
he  required  grain  or  fodder,  a  number  of  cohorts 
stood  on  guard  along  with  all  the  cavalry ;  he  led 
part  of  the  army  himself  and  Marius  the  rest.  But 
fire  did  more  than  plundering  to  devastate  the  land. 
The  consul  and  his  lieutenant  used  to  encamp  in 
two  places  not  far  apart.  When  necessity  demanded 
the  use  of  strength,  they  joined  forces  ;  otherwise 
they  acted  separately,  in  order  that  the  enemy's 
terror  and  flight  might  be  more  widespread. 

Meanwhile  Jugurtha  would  follow  along  the  hills, 
watching  for  a  suitable  time  or  place  for  battle  :  he 
spoiled  the  fodder  and  contaminated  the  springs, 
which  were  very  few,  in  the  places  to  which  he  had 
heard  that  the  enemy  were  coming ;  showed  himself 
now  to  Metellus,  again  to  Marius  ;  made  an  attempt 
on  the  hindermost  in  the  line  and  at  once  retreated 

255 


SALLUST 

in  collis  regredi,  rursus  aliis^  post  aliis  ininitari, 
iieque  proelium  facere  neqiie  otiam  pati,  tan  turn 
modo  hostem  ab  incepto  retinere. 

LVI.  Romanus  imperator  ubi  se  dolis  fatigari  videt 
neque  ab  hoste  copiam  pugnandi  fieri,  urbem  mag- 
nam  et  in  ea  parte  qua  sita  erat  areem  regni  nomine 
Zamam  statuit  oppugnare,  ratus,  id  quod  negotium 
poscebat,  lugurtham  laborantibus  suis  auxilio  ventu- 

2  rum  ibique  proelium  fore.  At  ille  quae  parabantur 
a  perfugis  edoctus,  magnis  itineribus  Metellum  ante- 
venit.  Oppidanos  hortatur  moenia  defendant,  additis 
auxilio  perfugis,  quod  genus  ex  copiis  regis,  quia 
fallere  nequibat,  firmissumum  erat.     Praeterea  polli- 

3  cetur  in  tempore  semet  cum  exercitu  adfore.  Ita 
compositis  rebus,  in  loea  quam  maxume  occulta  dis- 
cedit,  ac  post  paulo  cognoscit  Marium  ex  itinere 
frumentatum  cum  paucis  cohortibus  Siccam  missum, 
quod  oppidum  j^rimum  omnium  post  malam  pugnam 

4  ab  rege  defecerat.  Eo  cum  delectis  equitibus  noctu 
pergit  et  iam  egredientibus  Romanis  in  porta  pug- 
nam facit,  simul  magna  voce  Siccenses  hortatur  uti 
cohortis  ab  tergo  circumveniant ;  fortunam  illis  prae- 
clari  facinoris  casum  dare.  Si  id  fecerint,  postea 
sese  in  regno,  illos  in  libertate  sine  metu  aetatem 

5  acturos.     Ac  ni  Marius  signa  inferre  atque  evadere 


^  The  Romans  punished  deserters  with  great  severity. 
The}'^  were  sometime?  crucified  or  thrown  to  wild  beasts  ; 
see  Valerius  Maximus  2.  7. 

256 


THE  WAR  WITH  JLIGURTHA,  lv.  8-lvi.  5 

to  the  hills ;  again  threatened  others  and  afterwards 
others,  neither  gave  battle  nor  let  the  enemy  rest, 
but  merely  prevented  them  from  carrying  out  their 
plans. 

LVI.  When  the  Roman  general  began  to  realize 
that  he  was  being  exhausted  by  the  strategy  of  his 
opponent,  who  gave  him  no  chance  for  battle,  he  de- 
cided to  lay  siege  to  a  large  city  called  Zama,  the 
citadel  of  the  part  of  the  kingdom  in  which  it  was 
situated.  He  thought  that  as  a  matter  of  course 
Jugurtha  would  come  to  the  aid  of  his  subjects  in 
distress  and  that  a  battle  would  be  fought  in  that 
place.  But  Jugurtha,  learning  from  deserters  what 
was  on  foot,  by  forced  marches  outstripped  Metellus  ; 
he  encouraged  the  townspeople  to  defend  their  walls, 
and  gave  them  the  help  of  a  band  of  deserters,  who 
formed  the  strongest  part  of  the  king's  forces  because 
they  dared  not  be  treacherous. ^  He  promised  too  that 
he  would  come  himself  in  due  season  with  an  army. 
Having  made  these  arrangements,  the  king  with- 
drew to  places  as  secluded  as  possible,  and  presently 
learned  that  Marius  had  been  ordered  to  leave 
the  line  of  march  and  go  with  a  few  cohorts  to  forage 
at  Sicca,  which  was  the  very  first  town  to  revolt  from 
the  king  after  his  defeat.  Thither  Jugurtha  hastened 
by  night  with  the  best  of  his  cavalry  and  engaged 
the  Romans  at  the  gate  just  as  they  were  coming  out. 
At  the  same  time,  in  a  loud  voice  he  urged  the  people 
of  Sicca  to  surround  the  cohorts  in  the  rear ;  fortune, 
he  said,  gave  them  the  chance  for  a  brilliant  exploit. 
If  they  took  advantage  of  it,  he  would  be  restored 
to  his  kingdom  and  they  would  live  for  the  future  in 
freedom  and  without  fear.  And  had  not  Marius 
hastened  to  advance  and  leave  the  town,  surely  the 

257 


SALLUST 


oppido  properavisset,  profecto  cuncti  aut  magna  pars 
Slccensium  (idem  mutavissent;  tanta  mobiUtate  sese 
6  Numidae  gerunt.  Sed  milites  lugurthini  pauhsper 
ab  rege  sustentati,  postquam  maiore  vi  hostes  urgent, 
paucis  amissis  profugi  discedunt. 

LVII  Marius  ad  Zamam  pervenit.  Id  opp.dum 
in  campo  situm  raagis  opere  quam  natura  mumtum 
erat,  nuUius  idoneae  rei  egens,  armis  vinsque  opu- 

2  lentum.  Igitur  MetelU.s  pro  tempore  atque  loco 
paratis   rebus   cuncta  moenia  exercitu    circumvemt, 

3  legatis  imperat  ubi  quisque  euraret.  Deinde  s.gno 
date  undique  simul  clamor  ingens  oritur  neque  ea 
res  Numidas  terret ;  infensi  intentique  sine  tumultu 

4  manent,  proelium  incipitur.  Romani  pro  ingen.o 
quisque  pars  eminus  glande  aut  lapidibus  pugnare, 
alii  suceedere  ac  murum  modo  subfodere  modo  scabs 

6  aggredi,  cupere  proelium  in  manibus  facere  Contra 
ea  oppidani  in  proxumos'  saxa  volvere,  sudes  p.la, 
praeterea  picem  sulpbure  et  taeda  mixtam  ardent. 

6  mittere.  Sed  ne  iUos  quidem,  qui  procul  manserant, 
timor  animi  satis  muuiverat.  Nau>  pleros<iue  lacula 
tormentis  aut  manu  en>issa  volnerabant  par.que  pen- 
culo  sed  fama  imparl  boni  atque  ignavi  erant. 

LVIII  Dum  apud  Zamam  sic  certatur,  lugurtha 
ex  improviso  castra  hostium  cum  magna  manu  invad.t, 
remissis  qui  in  praesidio  erant  et  omnia  magis  quan. 

1  P  nml  <iome  other  good  mss.  have  proximis. 

2  P  ^  tl7 great e  A  umber  of  the  best  mss.  have  ardentia. 

258 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lvi.  5-Lviii.  i 

greater  part  of  the  townspeople,  if  not  all  of  them, 
would  have  changed  their  allegiance  ;  such  is  the 
fickleness  with  which  the  Numidians  act.  Jugurtha's 
soldiers  were  held  firm  for  a  time  by  the  king,  but 
when  the  enemy  attacked  with  greater  force  they 
fled  in  disorder  after  suffering  slight  losses. 

LVII.  Marius  went  on  to  Zama.  That  town,  situ- 
ated in  an  open  plain  and  fortified  rather  by  art  than 
by^^^nature,  lacked  no  essential,  and  was  well  sup- 
plied with  arms  and  men.  Therefore  Metellus, 
making  %is" ^preparations  to  suit  the  circumstances 
and  the  locality,  completely  invested  the  walls  with 
his  army,  assigning  to  each  of  his  lieutenants  his 
special  point  of  attack.  Then,  upon  a  given  signal, 
a  mighty  shout  arose  from  all  sides  at  once,  but  with- 
out in  the  least  frightening  the  Numidians  ;  ready 
and  eager  for  action  they  awaited  the  fray  without 
disorder  and  the  battle  began.  The  Romans  acted 
each  according  to  his  own  quality  :  some  fought  at 
long  range  with  slings  or  stones,  others  advanced 
and  undermined  the  wall  or  applied  scaling-ladders, 
striving  to  get  at  grips  with  the  foe.  The  townsmen 
met  their  attacks  by  rolling  down  stones  upon  the 
foremost  and  hurling  at  them  beams,  pikes,  and 
torches  made  of  burning  pitch  and  sulphur.  Not 
even  those  of  our  men  who  had  remained  at  a  dis- 
tance were  wholly  protected  by  their  timidity,  for 
very  many  of  them  were  wounded  by  javelins  hurled 
from  engines  or  by  hand.  Thus  the  valiant  and  the 
craven  were  in  like  danger  but  of  Unlike  repute. 

LVIII.  While  this  struggle  was  going  on  at  Zama, 
Jugurtha  unexpectedly  fell  upon  the  Roman  camp 
with  a  large  force,  and  through  the  carelessness  of 
the  guards,  who  were  looking  for  anything  rather  than 

259 


SALLUST 

2  proeliuni  expectantibus  portam  irrumpit.  At  nostri 
repentino  metii  perculsi  sibi  quisque  pro  moribus 
consulunt ;  alii  fugere,  alii  anna  capere,  magna  pars 

3  volnerati  aut  occisi.  Ceterum  ex  omni  multitudine 
non  amplius  quadraginta  memores  nominis  Romani, 
grege  facto,  locum  cepere  paulo  quam  alii  editiorem 
neqiie  inde  maxuma  vi  depelli  quiverunt,  sed  tela 
eminus  missa  remittere,  pauci  in  pluribus  minus 
frustrari ;  sin  Numidae  propius  accessissent^  ibi  vero 
virtutem  ostendere  et  eos  maxuma  vi  caedere,  fun- 
dere  atque  fugare. 

4  Interim  Metellus  cum  acerrume  rem  gereret,  cla- 
morem  ut  tumultum  ^  hostilem  a  tergo  accepit,  dein 
convorso    equo    animadvortit    fugam   ad    se    vorsum 

5  fieri ;  quae  res  indicabat  popularis  esse.  Igitur  equi- 
tatum  omnem  ad  castra  propere  misit  ac  statim 
C.  Marium  cum  cohortibus  sociorum,  eumque  lacru- 
mans  per  amicitiam  perque  rem  publicam  obsecrat 
nequam  contumeliam  remanere  in  exercitu  victore 
neve  hostis  inultos  abire  sinat.     Ille  brevi  mandata 

6  efficit.  At  lugurtba  munimento  castrorum  impeditus, 
cum  alii  super  vallum  praecipitarentur,  alii  in  angus- 
tiis  ipsi  sibi  properantes  officerent,  multis  amissis  in 

7  loca  munita  sese  recepit.  Metellus  infecto  negotio, 
postquam  nox  aderat,  in  castra  cum  exercitu  revor- 
titur. 

^  clamorem  vel  tumultum,  P  and  other  good  mss.; 
clamorem  et  tumultum,  a  few  good  mss.;  the  othem  havt 
only  clamorem, 

260 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lviii.  1-7 

a  battle,  forced  one  of  the  gates.  Our  men  were 
struck  with  a  sudden  panic  and  sought  safety  each 
according  to  his  temperament ;  some  fled,  others 
armed  themselves,  nearly  all  were  killed  or  wounded. 
But  out  of  the  entire  number  forty  or  less  remem- 
bered that  they  were  Romans.  These  gathered  to- 
gether and  took  a  position  a  little  higher  than  the 
rest,  from  which  they  could  not  be  dislodged  by  the 
greatest  efforts  of  the  enemy,  but  they  threw  back 
the  weapons  which  were  thrown  at  them  from  a  dis- 
tance, and  few  against  many  could  hardly  miss.  But 
if  the  Numidians  came  nearer,  they  then  showed 
their  real  quality,  charging  them  with  the  greatest 
fury,  routing  and  scattering  them. 

Meanwhile,  Metellus,  who  was  vigorously  pressing 
the  attack  on  the  town,  heard  shouts  like  the  melley 
of  a  hostile  force  behind  him ;  then,  wheeling  his  horse 
about,  he  saw  that  the  fugitives  were  coming  his  way, 
which  indicated  that  they  were  Jiis  countrymen. 
He  therefore  sent  all  the  cavalry  to  the  camp  in  haste 
and  ordered  Gains  Marius  to  follow  at  once  with  the 
cohorts  of  allies,  begging  him  with  tears  in  the  name 
of  their  friendship  and  their  common  country  not  to 
allow  any  disgrace  to  stain  their  victorious  army, 
and  not  to  suffer  the  enemy  to  escape  unpunished. 
Marius  promptly  did  as  he  was  ordered.  As  for 
Jugurtha,  he  was  hampered  by  the  fortifications  of 
the  camp,  since  some  of  his  men  were  tumbling  over 
the  ramparts  and  others,  endeavouring  to  make  haste 
in  the  crowded  spaces,  were  getting  in  each  other's 
way ;  he  therefore,  after  considerable  losses,  with- 
drew to  a  place  of  safety.  Metellus  was  prevented 
by  the  coming  of  night  from  following  up  his  victory 
and  returned  to  camp  with  his  army. 

261 


SALLUST 

LIX.  Igitur  postero  die,  prius  quam  ad  oppug- 
nandum  egrederetur,  equitatum  omnem  in  ea  parte, 
qua  regis  adventus  erat,  pro  castris  agitare  iubet, 
portas  et  proxuma  loca  tribunis  dispertit,  deiride 
ipse    pergit    ad    oppidum    atque    uti    superiore    die 

2  murum  aggreditur.  Interim  lugurtha  ex  occulto 
repente  nostros  invadit.  Qui  in  proxumo  locati 
fuerant,   paulisper  territi   perturbantur,   reliqui   cito 

3  subveniunt.  Neque  diutius  Numidae  resistere  qui- 
vissent,  ni  pedites  cum  equitibus  permixti  magnam 
cladem  in  congressu  facerent.  Quibus  illi  freti  non, 
uti  equestri  proelio  solet,  sequi,  dein  cedere,  sed 
advorsis  equis  ^  concurrere,  implicarc  ac  perturbare 
aciem ;  ita  expeditis  peditibus  suis  hostis  paene 
victos  dare. 

LX.  Eodem  tempore  apud  Zamam  magna  vi  certa- 
batur.  Ubi  quisque  legatus  aut  tribunus  curabat,  eo 
acerrume  niti,  neque  alius  in  alio  magis  quam  in 
sese  spem  habere,  pariterque  oppidani  agere  ;  oppug- 
nare  aut  parare  omnibus  locis,  avidius  alteri  alteros 
2  sauciare  quam  semet  tegere,  clamor  permixtus  hor- 
tatione,  laetitia,  gemitu,  item  strepitus  armorum  ad 

^  P  and  other  good  mss.  have  adversi  sequi  {corr.  in  I*  to 
adversis  equi) ;  some  good  mas.  have  adversis  equis. 

^  Victos  dare  is  equivalent  to  vincere  :  cf.  Livy,  8.  6.  6, 
atratas  legiones  Latinorum  daho. 

■^  In  this  sentence  eo  is  said  to  be  used  in  the  luuisual 
sense  of  eo  loco  =  ubi ;  cf.  Tac.  Ann.  15.  74  :  {decernitur) 
ut   templum  Saluti   exlruerttnr  eo  loci  ...  ex  quo  Scevinus 

262 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  ux.  i-lx.  2 

LIX.  Accordingly,  the  next  day,  before  going 
out  to  attack  the  town,  Metellus  ordered  all  the 
cavalry  to  ride  up  and  down  before  that  part  of 
the  camp  where  the  king  was  likely  to  attack, 
assigned  to  the  several  tribunes  the  defence  of  the 
gates  and  their  neighbourhood,  and  then  himself 
proceeded  to  the  town  and  assailed  the  wall  as 
on  the  day  before.  Meanwhile  Jugurtha  suddenly 
rushed  upon  our  men  from  ambush.  Those  who 
were  stationed  nearest  the  point  of  attack  were 
terrified  and  thrown  into  confusion  for  a  time,  but 
the  rest  quickly  came  to  their  help.  And  the  Nu- 
midians  would  not  have  been  able  to  make  a  long 
resistance,  had  not  their  combination  of  infantry 
and  cavalry  done  great  execution  in  the  melley ;  for 
the  Numidian  horsemen,  trusting  to  this  infantry, 
did  not  alternately  advance  and  retreat,  as  is  usual  in 
a  cavalry  skirmish,  but  charged  at  full  speed,  rush- 
ing into  and  breaking  up  our  line  of  battle ;  thus 
with  their  light-armed  infantry  they  all  but  con- 
quered their  enemy. ^ 

LX.  At  the  same  time  the  contest  at  Zama  con- 
tinued with  great  fury.  Wherever  each  of  the  lieu- 
tenants or  tribunes  was  in  charge,  there  ^  was  the 
bitterest  strife  and  no  one  relied  more  on  another 
than  on  himself.  The  townspeople  showed  equal 
courage  ;  men  were  fighting  or  making  preparations 
at  all  points,  and  both  sides  were  more  .  eager  to 
wound  one  another  than  to  protect  themselves. 
There  was  a  din  of  mingled  encouragement,  exulta- 
tion,  and    groans ;    the  clash   of   arms   also  rose   to 

fei^um  prompserat,  where  the  addition  of  loci  makes  the 
construction  less  bold  than  here.  It  may,  however,  be  taken 
(with  Summers)  as  "  against  that  part  of  the  wall." 

263 


SALLUST 

3  caelum  ferri,  tela  utrinique  volare.  Sed  illi  qui 
moenia  defensabant^  ubi  hostes  paulum  modo  pug- 
nam  remiserant,  intenti  proelium  equestre  prospec- 

t  tabant.  Eos,  uti  quaeque  lugurthae  res  erant,  laetos 
modo^  modo  pavidos  animadvorteres,  ac  sicuti  audiri 
a  suis  aut  cerni  possent,  monere  alii,  alii  hortari  aut 
manu  significare  aut  niti  corporibus  et  ea  hue  et 
illuc,  quasi  vitabundi  aut  iacientes  tela,  agitare. 

5  Quod  ubi  Mario  cognitum  est — nam  is  in  ea  parte 
curabat — consulto  lenius  agere  ac  diffidentiam  rei 
simulare,  pati  Numidas  sine  tumultu  regis  proelium 

6  visere.  Ita  illis  studio  suorum  adstrictis  repente 
magna  vi  murum  aggreditur.  Et  iam  scalis  egressi 
milites  prope  summa  ceperant,  cum  oppidani  con- 
currunt,  lapides,  ignem,  alia  praeterea  tela  ingerunt. 

7  Nostri  primo  resistere,  deinde,  ubi  unae  atque  alterae 
scalae  comminutae,  qui  supersteterant  afflicti  sunt, 
ceteri   quoquo   modo   potuere,  pauci   integri,  magna 

8  pars  volneribus  confecti  abeunt.  Denique  utrimque 
proelium  nox  diremit. 

LXI.  Metellus  postquam  videt  frustra  inceptum, 
neque  oppidum  capi  neque  lugurtham  nisi^  ex  in- 
sidiis  aut  suo  loco  pugnam  facere  et  iam  aestatem 
exactam  esse,  ab  Zama  discedit  et  in  eis  urbibus 
quae  ad   se^  defecerant  satisque  munitae  loco  aut 

*  P  and  some  other  good  im^s.  have  niti  ;  others  niti,  nisi ; 
others  nisi. 

2  P  and  some  other  </ood  w.<.s\  have  ab  se. 

264 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lx.  2-lxi.  i 

heaven,  and  a  shower  of  missiles  fell  on  both  sides. 
But  whenever  the  besiegers  relaxed  their  assault  ever 
so  little,  the  defenders  of  the  walls  became  interested 
spectators  of  the  cavalry  battle.  As  Jugurtha's  for- 
tunes shifted,  you  might  see  them  now  joyful,  now 
alarmed ;  acting  as  if  their  countrymen  could  see 
or  hear  them,  some  shouted  warnings,  others  urged 
them  on  ;  they  gesticulated  or  swayed  their  bodies, 
moving  them  this  way  and  that  as  if  dodging  or  hurl- 
ing weapons.^ 

When  Marius  perceived  all  this  (for  he  was  in 
charge  at  that  point)  he  purposely  slackened  his 
efforts  and  feigned  discouragement,  allowing  the  Nu- 
midians  to  witness  their  king's  battle  undisturbed. 
W^lien  their  attention  was  thus  riveted  upon  their 
countrymen,  he  suddenly  assaulted  the  wall  with  the 
utmost  violence.  Our  soldiers,  mounting  on  scaling- 
ladders,  had  almost  reached  the  top  of  the  wall,  when 
the  townsmen  rushed  to  the  spot  and  met  them  with 
a  rain  of  stones,  firebrands,  and  other  missiles  besides. 
At  first  our  men  resisted  ;  then,  as  ladder  after  ladder 
was  shattered  and  those  who  stood  upon  them  were 
dashed  to  the  ground,  the  rest  made  off  as  best  they 
could,  some  few  unharmed  but  the  greater  number 
badly  wounded.  At  last  night  ended  the  combat  on 
both  sides. 

LXI.  After  Metellus  saw  that  his  attempt  was 
vain,  that  the  town  was  no  nearer  being  taken, 
that  Jugurtha  would  not  fight  except  from  ambush 
or  on  his  own  ground,  and  that  the  summer  was 
now  at  an  end,  he  left  Zama  and  placed  garrisons 
in  such  of  the  towns  which  had  gone  over  to  him 

^  This  description  is  an  obvious  imitation  of  Thucydides' 
account  of  the  Athenians  at  Syracuse  (7.  71)  watching  the 
naval  battle  in  the  harbour. 

265 


SALLUST 

2  moenibiis  erant  praesidia  imponit.  Ceterum  exer- 
citum  in  provinciam,  quae  proxuma  est   Numidiae^ 

3  hiemandi  gratia  collocat.  Neque  id  tempus  ex 
aliorum  more  quieti  aut  luxiiriae  concedit^  sed  quo- 
niam  armis  helium  parum  procedebat,  insidias  regi 
per  amicos  tendere  et  eorum  perfidia  pro  armis  uti 
parat. 

4  Igitur  Bomilearem^  qui  Romae  cum  lugurtha  fuerat 
et  inde  vadibus  datis  de  Massivae  nece  iudicium  fuge- 
rat,  quod  ei  per  maxumam  amicitiam  maxuma  copia 

5  fallundi  erat,  multis  pollicitationibus  aggreditur,  Ac 
primo  efficit  uti  ad  se  colloquendi  gratia  occultus 
veniat,  deinde  fide  data,  si  lugurtham  vivom  aut 
necatum  sibi  tradidisset,  fore  ut  illi  senatus  impuni- 
tatem  et  sua  omnia  concederet,  facile  Numidae  per- 
suadet  cum  ingenio  infido  tum  metuenti  ne,  si^  pax 
cum  Romanis  fieret,  ipse  per  condiciones  ad  suppli- 
cium  traderetur. 

LXII.  Is,  ubi  primum  opportunum  fuit,  lugurtham 
anxium  ac  miserantem  fortunas  suas  accedit.  Monet 
atque  lacrumans  obtestatur  uti  aliquando  sibi  liberis- 
que  et  genti  Numidarum  optume  meritae  provideat : 
omnibus  proeliis  sese  victos,  agrum  vastatum,  multos 
mortalis  captos,  occisos,  regni  opes  comminutas  esse  ; 
*  P  and  some  other  good  mss.  have  nisi. 

^  Of  Africa.  ^  See  xxxv.  4  flf, 

266 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxi.  i-lxii.  i 

as  were  strongly  enough  fortified  by  their  situation 
or  by  walls.  The  rest  of  his  army  he  stationed  in 
the  part  of  our  province^  which  lies  nearest  to 
Numidia,  that  they  might  pass  the  winter  there. 
But  he  did  not  devote  that  season^  as  others  com- 
monly do,  to  rest  or  dissipation,  but  since  the  war 
was  making  little  progress  through  arms,  he  pre- 
pared to  lay  snares  for  the  king  through  his  friends 
and  to  make  their  treachery  his  weapons. 

Now  Bomilcar  had  been  at  Rome  with  Jugurtha,^ 
and  then,  after  being  released  on  bail,  had  fled  to 
escape  trial  for  the  murder  of  Massiva.  Since  this 
man's  special  intimacy  with  the  king  gave  him  special 
opportunities  for  deceiving  him,  Metellus  tried  to  win 
his  co-operation  by  many  promises.  First,  he  contrived 
that  the  Numidian  should  come  to  him  secretly  for  a 
conference ;  then  after  he  had  pledged  his  honour 
that  if  Bomilcar  would  dehver  Jugurtha  into  his 
hands  alive  or  dead,  the  senate  would  grjint  him  im- 
punity and  restore  all  his  property,  he  persuaded  him 
without  difficulty ;  for  he  was  treacherous  by  nature 
and  besides  feared  that  if  peace  should  ever  be  made 
with  the  Romans,  one  condition  would  be  his  own 
surrender  and  execution. 

LXn.  As  soon  as  an  opportune  time  came,  when  Ju- 
gurtha was  worried  and  lamenting  his  fate,  Bomilcar 
approached  him.  He  warned  the  king  and  begged 
him  with  tears  that  he  should  at  last  take  thought 
for  himself,  his  children,  and  the  people  of  Numidia 
who  had  served  him  so  faithfully.  He  reminded 
him  that  they  had  been  worsted  in  every  battle, 
that  his  country  had  been  ravaged,  many  of  his  sub- 
jects killed  or  taken  prisoners,  and  the  resources  of  the 
kingdom  drained.      He  had  now  made  sufficient  trial 

267 


SALLUST 

satis    saepe    iam    et   virtutem   militum   et  fortunam 
temptatam  ;  caveat  ne  illo  cunctante  Numidae  sibi 

2  consulant.      His   atque   talibus  aliis  ad   deditionem 

3  regis  animiim  impellit.  Mittuntur  ad  imperatorem 
legati,  qui  lugurtham  imperata  facturum  dicerent  ac 
sine   ulla    pactione   sese   regnumque   suum   in   illiiis 

4  fideni  tradere.  Metellus  propere  cunetos  senatorii 
ordinis  ex  hibernis  accersi  iubet,  eoruni  et  aliorum 

5  quos  idoneos  ducebat  consilium  habet.  Ita  more 
maiorum  ex  consili  decreto  per  legates  lugurthae 
imperat    argenti    pondo    ducenta   milia,    elephantos 

6  omnis,  equorum  et  armorum  aliquantum.  Quae 
postquam  sine  mora  facta  sunt,  iubet  omnis  perfugas 

7  vinctos  adduci.  Eorum  magna  pars  uti  iussum  erat 
adducti,  pauci,  cum  primum  deditio  coepit,  ad  regem 
Bocchum  in  Mauretaniam  abierant.    . 

8  Igitur  lugurtha,  ubi  armis  virisque  et  pecunia 
spoliatus  est,  cum  ^  ipse  ad  imperandum  Tisidium 
vocaretur,  rursus  coepit  flectere  animum  suum  et  ex 

9  mala  conscientia  digna  timere.  Denique,  multis 
diebus  per  dubitationem  consumptis,  cum  modo 
taedio  rerum  advorsarum  omnia  bello  potiora  duce- 
ret,  interdum  secum  ipse  reputaret  quam  gravis 
casus  in  servitium  ex  regno  foret,  multis  magnisque 
praesidiis    nequiquam    i)erditis,    de    integro    bellum 

10  sumit.     Et   Romae   senatus   de   provinciis   consultus 
Numidiam  Metello  decreverat. 

^  P  and  some  good  mss.  have  dum,  others  turn. 

^  More  maiorum  modifies  ex  concili  decreto.  There  was  no 
private  arrangement  with  Jugurtha,  such  as  Bestia  and 
Scaurus  had  made  :  see  xxix.  5. 

268 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxii.  i-io 

both  of  his  soldiers'  courage  and  of  tlie  will  of  for- 
tune^and  must  take  heed,  lest  while  he  hesitated  the 
Numidians  should  take  measures  for  their  own  safety. 
By  these  and  other  similar  arguments  he  reconciled  the 
king  to  the  thought  of  a  surrender.  Envoys  were 
sent  to  the  Roman  general  to  say  that  Jugurtha  would 
submit  to  his  orders  and  entrusted  himself  and  his 
kingdom  unconditionally  to  his  honour.  Metellus  at 
once  gave  orders  that  all  men  of  senatorial  rank 
should  be  summoned  from  the  winter  quarters ;  with 
them  and  with  such  others  as  he  considered  suitable 
he  held  a  council.  He  obeyed  the  decree  of  the 
council — thus  conforming  to  the  usage  of  our  fore- 
fathers 1 — and  sent  envoys  to  demand  of  Jugurtha 
two  hundred  thousand  pounds'  weight  of  silver,  all 
his  elephants,  and  a  considerable  quantity  of  horses 
and  arms.  When  these  conditions  had  promptly 
been  met,  he  ordered  all  the  deserters  to  be  brought 
to  him  in  fetters.  The  greater  part  of  them  were 
brought  as  ordered,  but  a  few  had  taken  refuge 
with  King  Bocchus  in  Mauretania  as  soon  as  the 
negotiations  for  surrender  began. 

Now,  when  Jugurtha,  after  being  stripped  of  arms, 
men  and  money,  was  himself  summoned  to  Tisidium 
to  receive  his  orders,  he  began  once  more  to  waver 
in  his  purpose.,  and  prompted  by  a  guilty  conscience, 
to  dread  the  punishment  due  to  his  crimes.  At  last, 
after  spending  many  days  in  hesitation,  at  one  time 
so  weary  of  adversity  as  to  think  anything  better  than 
war,  and  anon  reflecting  how  great  a  fall  it  was  from 
a  throne  to  slavery,  after  having  lost  to  no  purpose 
many  great  resources,  he  renewed  the  war.  Mean- 
while at  Rome,  when  the  question  of  the  provinces 
came    up,    the    senate    had    assigned     Numidia    to 

Metellus. 

269 


SALLUST 

LXIII.  Per  idem  tempus  Uticae  forte  C.  Mario  per 
hostias  dis  supplicanti  magna  atque  mirabilia  portendi 
haruspex  dixerat ;  proinde,  quae  animo  agitabat  fre- 
tus  dis  ageret/  fortunam  quam  saepissume  experire- 

2  tur,  cuiicta  prospere  eventura.  At  ilium  iam  antea 
consulatus  ingens  cupido  exagitabat^  ad  quem  capiun- 
dum  praeter  vetustatem  familiae  alia  omnia  abunde 
erant  :  industria,  probitas,  militiae  magna  scientia, 
animus  belli  ingens,  domi  modicus,  lubidinis  et  divi- 

3  tiarum  victor,  tantum  modo  gloriae  avidus.  Sed  is 
natus  et  omnem  pueritiam  Arpini  altus,  ubi  primum 
aetas  militiae  patiens  fuit,  stipendiis  faeiundis,  non 
Graeca  facundia  neque  urbanis  munditiis  sese  exer- 
cuit ;  ita  inter  artis  bonas  integrum  ingenium  brevi 

4  adolevit.  Ergo  ubi  primum  tribunatum  militarem  a 
populo    petit,    plerisque    faciem    eius    ignorantibus, 

5  factis  2  notus  per  omnis  tribus  declaratur.  Deinde  ab 
eo  magistratu  alium  post  alium  sibi  peperit  semper- 
que   in  potestatibus  eo  modo  agitabat,  ut  ampliore 

6  quam  gerebat  dignus  haberetur,  Tamen  is  ad  id 
locorum  talis  vir — nam  postea  ambitione  praeceps 
datus  est — consulatum  ^  appetere  non  audebat.  Etiam 
tum    alios    magistratus    plebs,    consulatum    nobilitas 

^  P  and  soma  other  good  mss.  have  agere. 
2  factis,  Palmerius  ;  facile,  mss. 
'■'  Omitted  by  P  and  other  good  mas. 


^  cf.  Ixxxv.  1, 

2  cf.  Cat.  XXV.  4  ;  xxxi.  9  ;  Jug.  viii.  2. 


270 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxiii.  i-6 

LXni.  At  about  that  same  time  it  chanced  that 
when  Gaius  Marius  was  offering  victims  to  the  gods 
at  Utica  a  soothsayer  declared  that  a  great  and  mar- 
vellous career  awaited  him ;  the  seer  accordingly 
advised  him^  trusting  in  the  gods^  to  carry  out  what 
he  had  in  mind  and  put  his  fortune  to  the  test  as 
often  as  possible^  predicting  that  all  his  undertakings 
would  have  a  happy  issue.  Even  before  this  Marius 
had  been  possessed  with  a  mighty  longing  for  the 
consulship^  for  which  he  had  in  abundance  every 
qualification  except  an  ancient  lineage  :  namely,  dili- 
gence, honesty,  great  military  skill,  and  a  spirit  that 
was  mighty  in  war,  unambitious  ^  in  peace,  which  rose 
superior  to  passion  and  the  lure  of  riches,  and  was 
greedy  only  for  glory.  Nay  more,  having  been  born 
and  reared  at  Arpinum,  where  he  had  spent  all  his 
boyhood,  he  had  no  sooner  reached  the  age  for 
military  life  than  he  had  given  himself  the  train- 
ing of  active  service,  not  of  Grecian  eloquence  or 
the  elegance  of  the  city.  Thus  engrossed  in  whole- 
some pursuits  his  unspoiled  nature  soon  matured. 
The  result  was  that  when  he  first  sought  the  office 
of  military  tribune  from  the  people,  the  greater  num- 
ber did  not  know  him  by  sight ;  yet  his  deeds  were 
familiar  and  he  was  elected  by  the  vote  of  all  the 
tribes.  Then,  after  that  success,  he  won  office  after 
office,  always  so  conducting  himself  in  each  of  them 
as  to  be  regarded  worthy  of  a  higher  position  than 
that  which  he  was  holding.  Nevertheless,  although 
he  had  up  to  that  time  shown  himself  so  admirable  a 
man  (for  afterwards  he  was  driven  headlong  ^  by 
ambition),  he  did  not  venture  to  aspire  to  the  con- 
sulship ;  for  even  as  late  as  that  time,  although  the 
commons  could   bestow   the  other  magistracies,  the 

271 


SALLUST 

7  inter  se  per  maniis  tradebat.  Noviis  nemo  tarn 
clarus  neqiie  tarn  egregiis  factis  erat,  quin  indignus 
illo  lionore  et  is  ^  quasi  pollutus  haberetur. 

LXIV.  Igitur  ubi  Mariiis  haruspicis^  dicta  eodem 
intendere  videt,  quo  cupido  animi  hortabatur,  ab 
Metello  petundi  gratia  missionem  rogat.  Cui  quam- 
quam  virtus,  gloria  atque  alia  optanda  bonis  supera- 
bant,  tamen  inerat  contemptor  animus  et  superbia, 

2  commune  nobilitatis  malum.  Itaque  primum  com- 
motus  insolita  re  mirari  eius  consilium  et  quasi  per 
amicitiam  monere  ne  tam  })rava  inciperet  neu  super 
fortunam  animum  gereret :  non  omnia  omnibus 
cupiunda  esse,  debere  illi  res  suas  satis  placere ; 
postremo  caveret  id  petere  a  populo  Romano,  quod  illi 
iure  negaretur. 

3  Postquam  haec  atque  alia  talia  dixit  neque  animus 
Mari  flectitur,  respondit,  ubi  primum  potuisset  per 

4  negotia  publica,  facturum  sese  quae  peteret.  Ac 
postea  saepius  eadem  postulanti  fertur  dixisse,  ne 
festinaret  abire,  satis  mature  ilium  cum  filio  suo  con- 
sulatum  petiturum.  Is  eo  tempore  contubernio  patris 
ibidem  militabat,  annos  natus  circiter  viginti.     Quae 

^  quin  is  indignus  bonore  et  quasi  pollutus,  mss.;  order 
chawjed  hy  Eumner. 

2  cum  haruspiois,  P  and  some  other  good  mss. 

^  If  is  is  retained  before  indupius,  we  must  translate 
'*  unworthy  of  the  honour  and,  as  it  were,  unclean," 

-  The  earliest  age  at  which  the  consulship  could  legally 
be  held  was  forty- three ;  Marius  was  forty -nine. 

272 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxiii.  6-lxiv.  4 

nobles  passed  the  consulate  from  hand  to  hand 
within  their  own  order.  No  "  new  man  "  was  so 
famous  or  so  illustrious  for  his  deeds,  that  he  was 
not  considered  unworthy  of  that  honour,  and  the 
office,  so  to  speak,  sullied  by  such  an  incumbency.^ 

LXIV.  Now  when  Marius  perceived  that  the  words 
of  the  soothsayer  pointed  to  the  goal  towards  which 
his  heart's  desire  was  urging  him,  he  asked  Metellus 
for  a  furlough,  in  order  to  become  a  candidate.  Now, 
although  Metellus  possessed  in  abundance  valour, 
renown,  and  other  qualities  to  be  desired  by  good 
men,  yet  he  had  a  disdainful  and  arrogant  spirit,  a 
common  defect  in  the  nobles.  At  first  then  he  was 
astonished  at  the  unusual  request,  expressed  his  sur- 
prise at  Marius'  design,  and  with  feigned  friendship 
advised  him  not  to  enter  upon  so  mad  a  course  or  to 
entertain  thoughts  above  his  station.  All  men,  he 
said,  should  not  covet  all  things  ;  Marius  should  be 
content  with  his  own  lot ;  and  finally,  he  must 
beware  of  making  a  request  of  the  Roman  people 
which  they  would  be  justified  in  denying. 

After  Metellus  had  made  this  and  other  similar 
remarks  without  shaking  Marius'  resolution,  he  at 
last  replied  that  as  soon  as  the  business  of  the  state 
allowed  he  would  do  what  he  asked.  Later,  when 
Marius  often  repeated  the  same  request,  Metellus  is 
said  to  have  rejoined  :  "  Don't  be  in  a  hurry  to  go  to 
Rome  ;  it  will  be  soon  enough  for  you  to  be  a  candi- 
date when  my  son  becomes  one."  That  young  man 
at  the  time  was  about  twenty  years  old*  and  was 
serving  in  Numidia  on  his  father's  personal  staff  ;3 

'  In  this  way  young  nobles  commonly  gained  their  first 
military  experience ;  cf.  Suetonius,  Jul.  2  :  stipendia  prima 
in  Asia  [Caesar)  fecit  M.  Thermi  praetoris  contubernio. 

273 


SALLUST 

res  Marium  cum  pro    honore    quern  affectabat  turn 

5  contra  Metellum  vehementer  accenderat.  Ita  cupi- 
dine  atque  ira,  pessumis  consultoribus^  grassari  neque 
facto  ullo  neque  dicto  abstinere,  quod  modo  ambitio- 
sum  foret^  niilites  quibus  in  hibernis  praeerat  laxi- 
ore  imperio  quam  antea  habere^  apud  negotiatores, 
quorum  magna  multitudo  Uticae  erat,  criminose 
simul  et  magnifice  de  bello  loqui :  dimidia  pars 
exercitus  si  sibi  permitteretur^  paucis  diebus  lugur- 
tham  in  catenis  habiturum  ;  ab  imperatore  consul  to 
traiii,  quod  homo  inanis  et  regiae  superbiae  imperio 

6  nimis  gauderet.  Quae  omnia  illis  eo  firmiora  vide- 
bantur,  quia  diuturnitate  belli  res  familiaris  corrup- 
erant  et  aiiimo  cupienti  nihil  satis  festinatur. 

LXV.  Erat  praeterea  in  exercitu  nostro  Numida 
quidam  nomine  Gauda^  Mastanabalis  filius^  Masinissae 
nepos,  quem  Micipsa  testamento  secundum  heredem 
scripserat,  morbis  confectus  et  ob  eam  causam  mente 
2  paulum  imminuta.  Cui  Metellus  petenti  more  regum 
ut  sellam  iuxta  poneret,  item  postea  custodiae  causa 
turmam  equitum  Romanorum,  utrumque  negaverat ; 
honorem,  quod  eorum  more  foret,  quos  populus 
Romanus  reges  appellavisset,  praesidium,  quod  contu- 


^  They  inherited  only  in  case  of  the  disability  of  the  heirs 
in  the  first  degree  {prinii  heredtH). 

274 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxiv.  4-Lxv.  2 

hence  the  taunt  resulted  in  inflaming  Marius  not 
only  with  greater  desire  for  the  honour  to  which 
he  aspired^  but  also  with  a  deep  hatred  of  Metellus. 
Accordingly^  he  allowed  himself  to  be  swayed  by  the 
worst  of  counsellors^  ambition  and  resentment ;  he 
hesitated  at  no  act  or  word,  provided  only  it  could 
win  him  popularity  ;  he  was  less  strict  than  before  in 
maintaining  discipline  among  the  soldiers  under  his 
command  in  the  winter  quarters,  and  talked  about 
the  war  to  the  traders,  of  whom  there  were  a  great 
number  in  Utica,  at  the  same  time  disparagingly  and 
boastfully.  He  declared  that  if  but  half  the  army 
were  put  in  his  charge,  he  would  have  Jugurtha  in 
fetters  within  a  few  days.  His  commander,  he  said, 
was  purposely  protracting  the  war,  because  he  was  a 
man  of  extravagant  and  tyrannical  pride,  and  en- 
joyed too  much  the  exercise  of  power.  And  all  this 
talk  appealed  the  more  strongly  to  the  traders,  be- 
cause they  had  suffered  pecuniary  loss  from  the  long 
duration  of  the  war,  and  for  greedy  spirits  nothing 
moves  fast  enough. 

LXV.  Furthermore,  there  was  in  our  army  a 
Numidian  named  Gauda,  a  son  of  Mastanabal  and 
grandson  of  Masinissa,  whom  Micipsa  had  made 
one  of  his  heirs  in  the  second  degree ;  ^  he  was 
enfeebled  by  ill-health  and  was  consequently  of  a 
somewhat  weak  mind.  This  man  had  petitioned 
Metellus  that  he  might  be  given  the  privilege  ac- 
corded to  royalty  and  allowed  to  sit  beside  him, 
and  afterwards  also  requested  a  squadron  of  Roman 
knights  as  a  bodyguard.  Metellus  denied  both  re- 
quests :  the  honour,  because  it  belonged  only  to 
those  on  whom  the  Romans  had  formally  conferred 
the  title  of  king ;  the  guard,  because  it  would  have 

275 
T  2 


SALLUST 

meliosum  in  eos  foret,  si  equites   Romani  satellites 

3  Numidae  tradererentur.  Hiinc  Marius  anxium  ag- 
greditur  atque  hortatur  ut  contumeliarum  in  impera- 
torem  cum  suo  auxilio  poenas  petat ;  hominem  ob 
morbos  animo  parum  valido  secunda  oratione  ex- 
tpUit :  ilium  regem^  ingentem  virum,  Masinissae 
nepotem  esse  ;  si  lugurtha  captus  aut  occisus  foret, 
imperium  Numidiae  sine  mora  habiturum  ;  id  adeo 
mature  posse  evenire,  si  ipse  consul  ad  id  bellum 
missus  foret. 

4  Itaque  et  ilium  et  equites  Romanos,  milites  et 
negotiatores^  alios  ipse,  plerosque  pacis  spes  impellit 
uti  Romani  ad  suos  necessarios  aspere  in  Metellum 

5  de  bello  scribant,  Marium  imperatorem  poscant.  Sic 
illi  a  multis  mortalibus  lionestissuma  suffVagatione 
consulatus  petebatur.  Simul  ea  tempestate  plebs, 
nobilitate  fusa  per  legem  Mamiliam,  novos  extolle- 
bat,     Ita  Mario  cuncta  procedere. 

LXVI.  Interim  lugurtha  postquam  omissa  dedi- 
tione  bellum  incipit,  cum  magna  cura  parare  omnia, 
festinare,  cogere  exercitum,  civitatis  quae  ab  se 
defecerant  formidine  aut  ostentando  praemia  affec- 
tare,  communire  suos  locos ;  arma,  tela  aliaque  quae 
spe  pacis  amiserat  reficere  aut  commercari,  servitia 
Romanorum  allicere   et  eos  ipsos   qui    in    praesidiis 


^  Their  support  was  a  high  compliment  to  Marius  because 
it  was  the  result,  not  of  bribery,  but  of  his  merits. 
'^  See  chap.  xl. 

276 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxv.  2-lxvi.  i 

been  an  insult  to  Roman  knights  to  make  them  the 
attendants  of  a  Numidian.  While  Gauda  was  brood- 
ing over  this  refusal^  he  was  approached  by  Marius, 
who  urged  him  to  avfenge  himself  on  the  general  for 
his  affronts  and  offered  him  his  help.  In  flattering 
terms  he  lauded  this  man  whose  mind  was  weakened 
by  illness,  declaring  that  he  was  a  king,  a  mighty 
hero,  the  grandson  of  Masinissa ;  that  if  Jugurtha 
should  be  taken  or  killed,  he  would  without  delay  be 
made  ruler  of  Numidia  ;  and  Marius  asserted  that 
this  would  very  soon  come  to  pass,  if  only  he  were 
made  consul  and  sent  to  the  war. 

In  this  way  Marius  induced  Gauda  and  the  Roman 
knights,  both  those  who  were  in  the  army  and  those 
who  were  doing  business  in  the  town,  some  by  his 
personal  influence,  the  most  by  the  hope  of  peace, 
to  write  to  their  friends  in  Rome  in  criticism  of 
Metellus'  conduct  of  the  war  and  to  call  for  Marius 
as  a  commander.  As  a  result  many  men  supported 
Marius'  canvass  for  the  consulship  in  a  highly  flatter- 
ing fashion  ;  ^  moreover,  just  at  that  time  the  nobles 
had  been  given  a  check  by  the  bill  of  Mamilius  ^ 
and  the  commons  were  striving  to  advance  "  new 
men."     Thus  everything  favoured  Marius. 

LXVI.  Meanwhile  Jugurtha,  having  abandoned 
the  idea  of  surrender  and  having  resumed  hostilities, 
was  making  all  his  preparations  with  great  care  and 
despatch.  He  was  levying  a  new  army,  trying  either 
by  intimidation  or  by  offering  rewards  to  win  back 
the  cities  which  had  revolted  from  him,  and  fortify- 
ing advantageous  positions.  He  was  making  or  buy- 
ing arms,  weapons  and  other  things  which  he  had 
sacrificed  to  his  hope  of  peace,  tempting  the  Roman 
slaves  to  revolt,  and  trying  to  bribe  even  those  who 

277 


SALLUST 

erantj  pecunia  temptare ;  prorsus  nihil  intactum 
neque  quietum  pati,  cuncta  agitare.  Igitur  Vagenses, 
quo  Metellus  initio  lugurtha  pacificante  praesidium 
imposuerat,  fatigati  regis  suppliciis  neque  antea 
voluntate  alienati^  principes  civitatis  inter  se  con- 
iurant.  Nam  volgus,  uti  plerumque  solet  et  maxume 
Numidarum,  ingenio  niobili  seditiosum  atque  discord- 
iosum  erat,  cupidum  novarum  rerum,  quieti  et  otio 
advorsum.  Dein  compositis  inter  se  rebus  in  diem 
tertium  constituunt^  quod  is  festus  celebratusque  per 
omnem    Africam    ludum    et    lasciviam    magis    quam 

3  formidinem  ostentabat.  Sed  ubi  tempus  fuit_,  centu- 
riones  tribunosque  militaris  et  ipsum  praefectum 
oppidi  T.  Turpilium  Silanum  alius  alium  domos  suas 
invitant.  Eos  omnis  praeter  Turpilium  inter  epulas 
obtruncant.      Postea  milites  palantis  inermos,  quippe 

4  in  tali  die  ac  sine  imperio,  aggrediuntur.  Idem 
plebes  facit,  pars  edocti  ab  nobilitate,  alii  studio 
talium  rerum  incitati,  quis  acta  consiliumque  ignor- 
antibus  tumultus  ipse  et  res  novae  satis  placebant. 

LXVII.  Romani  milites,  improviso  metu  incerti 
ignarique  quid  potissumum  facerent,  trepidare.  Arce  ^ 
oppidi,  ubi  signa  et  scuta  erant,  praesidium  hostium, 

*  arce,  Jordan ;  arcem,  P  and  some  good  mss.,  ad  arcem, 
others.  • 


^  His  title  may  refer  to  his  command  of  the  city  garrison  ; 
but  it  is  also  possible  that  he  was  the  Latin  praefectus  cohortia 
(see  note  on  xlvi.  7).  Plutarch  {Marius,  8)  says  that  he  was 
praefectus  fahrum. 

278 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxvi.  i-lxvii.  i 

formed  the  Roman  garrisons.  In  short,  he  left  abso- 
lutely nothing  untried  or  undisturbed,  but  kept 
everything  in  commotion.  As  a  result  of  his  efforts 
the  Vagenses,  in  whose  town  Metellus  had  placed  a 
garrison  at  first,  at  the  time  when  Jugurtha  was  suing 
for  peace,  yielded  to  the  entreaties  of  the  king,  to- 
wards whom  they  had  always  been  well  disposed, 
and  the  leading  men  of  the  town  entered  into  a  con- 
spiracy. As  to  the  commons,  they  were  of  a  fickle 
disposition,  as  is  usually  the  case  and  as  is  particularly 
true  of  the  Numidians,  prone  to  rebellion  and  dis- 
order, fond  of  change  and  opposed  to  peace  and  quiet. 
Then,  after  arranging  matters  among  themselves, 
they  appointed  the  third  day  from  that  time,  because 
it  was  observed  as  a  holiday  all  over  Africa  and  pro- 
mised entertainment  and  festivity  rather  than  danger. 
However,  when  the  appointed  time  arrived,  they  in- 
vited the  centurions  and  military  tribunes  and  even 
the  prefect  ^  of  the  town  himself,  Titus  Turpilius 
Silanus  by  name,  to  their  several  homes.  There  all 
except  Turpilius  were  slain  while  feasting.  The 
conspirators  then  fell  upon  the  common  soldiers,  who 
were  strolling  about  unarmed,  as  was  natural  on  such 
a  da}'^,  when  they  were  off  duty.  The  commons 
joined  in  the  massacre,  some  at  the  instigation  of  the 
nobles,  others  inspired  by  a  natural  fondness  for  such 
conduct ;  for  although  they  knew  neither  what  was 
being  done  nor  its  purpose,  they  found  sufficient 
incentive  in  mere  revolution  and  disorder. 

LXVI  I.  The  Roman  soldiers,  being  bewildered  by 
this  unexpected  peril  and  not  knowing  what  to  do 
first,  were  thrown  into  disorder.  They  were  cut  off 
from  the  citadel  of  the  town,  where  their  standards 
and  shields  were,  by  a  hostile  force,  and  from  flight 

279 


SALLUST 

portae    ante    clausae    fuga    prohibebant.^      Ad    hoc 
mulieres  puerique  pro  tectis  aedificioruin  saxa  et  alia 

2  quae  locus  praebebat  certatim  mittere.  Ita  neque 
caveri  anceps  malum  neque  a  fortissimis  infirmis- 
sumo  generi  resist!  posse  ;  iuxta  boni  malique,  strenui 
et  imbelles  inulti  obtruncari. 

3  In  ea  tanta  asperitate,  saevissumis  Numidis  et 
oppido  undique  clauso,  Turpilius  praefectus  unus  ex 
omnibus  Italicis  intactus  profugit.  Id  misericordiane 
hospitis  an  pactione  aut  casu  ita  evenerit,  parum 
comperimus ;  nisi,  quia  illi  in  tanto  malo  turpis  vita 
integra  fama    potior    fuit,  improbus  intestabilisque 

.  videtur. 

LXVIII.  Metellus  postquam  de  rebus  Vagae 
actis  comperit,  paulisper  maestus  ex  conspectu  abit. 
Deinde    ubi    ira    et    aegritudo    permixta    sunt,   cum 

2  maxuma  cura  ultum  ire  iniurias  festinat.  Legionem, 
cum  qua  hiemabat,  et  quam  plurumos  potest  Numidas 
equites  pariter  cum  occasu  solis  expeditos  educit  et 
postera^  die  circiter  hora  tertia  pervenit  in  quandam 

3  planitiem  locis  paulo  superioribus  circumventam.  Ibi 
milites,  fessos  itineris  magnitudine  et  iam  abnuentis 
omnia,  docet  oppidum  Vagam  non  amplius  mille 
passuum  abesse :  decere  illos  relicum  laborem  aequo 
animo  pati,   dum   pro  eivibus   suis,   viris   fortissumis 

^  fuga  prohibebant,  Jordan  ;  fuga  prohibebat,  P ;  fugam 
pbohibebant,  the  other  good  mss. 

'^  So  P  and  other  <jood  m^s.;  fome  good  mss.  hare  pos- 
tero. 

280 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGUHTHA,  lxvii.  i-lxviii.  3 

by  the  gates^  closed  beforehand.  Moreover^  women 
and  boys  from  the  roofs  of  the  houses  were  busilv 
pelting  them  with  stones  and  whatever  else  they 
could  lay  hands  on.  It  was  quite  impossible  to 
guard  against  the  double  danger  ^  and  brave  men 
were  helpless  before  the  feeblest  of  opponents. 
Side  by  side  valiant  and  cowardly,  strong  and  weak_, 
fell  without  striking  a  blow. 

During  this  merciless  slaughter,  although  the  Nu- 
midians  were  in  a  frenzy  and  the  town  was  completely 
closed,  Turpilius  the  commander,  alone  of  all  the 
Italians,  escaped  unscathed.  Whether  he  owed  this 
to  the  mercy  of  his  host,  to  connivance,  or  to  chance 
I  have  been  unable  to  learn ;  at  any  rate,  since  in 
such  a  disaster  he  chose  to  live  disgraced  rather  than 
die  with  an  unsullied  reputation,  he  seems  to  me  a 
wretch  utterly  detestable. 

LXVIII.  When  Metellus  learned  what  had  hap- 
pened at  Vaga,  for  a  time  his  grief  was  such  that  he 
would  see  no  one.  Then,  when  anger  was  mingled 
with  his  sorrow,  he  devoted  all  his  thoughts  to 
prompt  vengeance  for  the  outrage.  No  sooner  had 
the  sun  set  than  he  led  out  the  legion  with  which  he 
was  wintering,  and  as  many  Numidian  horse  as  he 
could  muster,  all  lightly  equipped  ;  and  on  the  fol- 
lowing day  at  about  the  third  hour  he  arrived  at  a 
plain,  which  was  surrounded  on  all  sides  by  some- 
what higher  ground.  At  that  point,  finding  that  his 
soldiers  were  worn  out  by  the  long  march  and  were 
on  the  point  of  mutiny,  he  told  them  that  the  town 
of  Vaga  was  only  a  mile  away.  They  ought,  he  said, 
patiently  to  ^ndure  what  toil  remained,  for  the  sake 

^  From  the  armed  force,  011  the  one  hand,  between  them 
and  the  citadel,  and,  on  the  other,  the  women  and  boys  on 
the  housetops. 

281 


SALLUST 

atque  iniserrumis,  poenas  caperent.     Praeterea  prae- 
4  dam   benigne  ostentat.     Sic   animis  eorum  arrectis, 
equites  in  primo  late/  pedites  quam  artissume  ire  et 
signa  occultare  iubet. 

LXIX.  Vagenses  ubi  animum  advortere  ad  se 
vorsum  exercitum  pergere,  primo,  uti  erat  res, 
Metellum  esse  rati  portas  clausere  ;  deinde,  ubi  neque 
agros  vastari  et  eos  qui  primi  aderant  Numidas 
equites    vident,    rursum    lugurtham    arbitrati    cum 

2  magno  gaudio  obvii  procedunt.  Equites  peditesque 
repente  signo  dato  alii  volgum^  efFusum  oppido 
caedere,  alii  ad  portas  festinare,  pars  turris  capere  ; 
ira  atque  praedae  spes  amplius  quam  lassitudo  posse. 

3  Ita    Vagenses    biduom    m^do    ex  perfidia    laetati. 

4  Civitas  magna  et  opulens  cuncta  poenae  aut  praedae 
fuit.  Turpilius,  quern  praefectum  oppidi  unum  ex 
omnibus  profugisse  supra  ostendimus,  iussus  a  Me- 
tello  causam  dicere,  postquam  sese  parum  expurgat, 
condemnatus  verberatusque  capite  poenas  solvit ; 
nam  is  civis  ex  Latio  erat. 

LXX.  Per  idem  tempus  Bomilcar,  cuius  impulsu 
lugurtha  deditionem,  quam  metu  deseruit,  inceperat, 
suspectus    regi   et     ipse    eum    suspiciens  novas    res 

1  P  and  some  other  good  inss.  have  latere. 

2  So  P  and  the  other  good,  mss. ;  a  few  inferior  7nf<s.  have 
vulgus, 

^  Neither  of  these  punishments  might  be  inflicted  upon 
a  Roman  citizen  ;  see  note,  p.  94.     According  to  Plutarch 

282 


f 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxviii.  3-Lxx.  i 

of  avenging  the  unhappy  fate  of  their  brave  fellow- 
citizens.  He  also  made  generous  promises  about  the 
booty.  When  he  had  thus  roused  their  spirits^  he 
ordered  the  cavalry  to  take  the  lead  in  open  order, 
while  the  infantry  followed  in  the  closest  possible 
formation  and  with  their  standards  hidden. 

LXIX,  When  the  people  of  Vaga  perceived  that 
an  army  was  coming  their  way,  at  first  they  closed 
their  gates,  thinking  that  it  was  Metellus,  as  in  fact 
it  was.  Later,  seeing  that  the  fields  were  not  being 
laid  waste  and  that  the  horsemen  in  the  van  were 
Numidians,  they  changed  their  minds,  and  taking 
the  newcomers  for  Jugurtha,  went  out  full  of  joy  to 
meet  him.  Then  on  a  sudden  the  signal  sounded  and 
some  of  the  cavalry  and  infantry  began  to  cut  down 
the  crowd  which  was  pouring  from  the  town  ;  others 
hurried  to  the  gates,  while  a  part  took  possession  of 
the  towers ;  anger  and  desire  for  booty  triumphed 
over  their  weariness. 

Thus  it  was  only  two  days  that  the  people  of 
Vaga  exulted  in  their  treachery ;  then  their  rich 
and  populous  city  in  its  entirety  fell  a  victim  to 
vengeance  and  plunder.  Turpilius,  the  commandant 
of  the  town,  who,  as  I  have  already  said,  had  been 
the  only  one  to  escape,  was  summoned  by  Metellus 
before  a  court  martial,  and  being  unable  to  justify 
himself  was  condemned  to  be  scourged  and  put  to 
death  ;  for  he  was  only  a  Latin  citizen. ^ 

LXX.  At  this  same  time  Bomilcar,  who  had  induced 
Jugurtha  to  begin  the  negotiations  for  surrender 
which  he  later  discontinued  through  fear,  being  an 
object  of  suspicion  to  Jugurtha  and  himself  looking 

{Mariua,  8),  Turpilius  was  innocent,  but  was  condemned 
through  the  efforts  of  Marius, 

283 


SALLUST 

cupere,    ad    perniciem    eius    dolum    quaerere,    die 

2  noctuque  fatigare  animum  ;  denique  omnia  temp- 
tando  socium  sibi  adiungit  Nabdalsam,  hominem 
nobilem,  magnis  opibus,  clarum  ^  acceptumque 
popularibus  suis^  qui  pier  unique  seorsum  ab  rege 
exercitum  ductare  et  omnis  res  exequi  solitus  erat, 
quae   lugurthae  fesso  aut  maioribus  adstricto  super- 

3  averant.    Ex  quo  illi  gloria  opesque  inventae.     Igitur 

4  utriusque  consilio  dies  insidiis  statuitur.  Cetera^  uti 
res  posceret,  ex  tempore  parari  placuit.  Nabdalsa 
ad  exercitum  profectus,  quem  inter  hiberna  Roma- 
norum  iussus  habebat,  ne  ager  inultis  hostibus  vasta- 

5  retur.  Is  postquam  magnitudine  facinoris  perculsus 
ad  tempus  non  venit  metusque  rem  impediebat^ 
Bomilcar  simul  cupidus  incepta  patrandi  et  timore 
soci  anxius,  ne  omisso  vetere  consilio  novom  quae- 
reretj  litteras  ad  eum  per  homines  fidelis  mittit,  in 
quis  mollitiam  socordiamque  viri  accusare,  testari 
deos  per  quos  iuravisset,  monere  ne  praemia  Metelli 
in  pestem  convorteret.  lugurthae  exitium  adesse, 
ceterum  suane  an  Metelli  virtu te  periret,  id  modo 
agitari  ;  proinde  reputaret  cum  animo  suo^  praemia 
an  cruciatum  mallet. 

^  clarum,  ??i.«t.^. ;  carum,  Colerus. 


'  That  is,  he  kept  it  moving  about  between  the  various 
points  wliere  the  Romans  were  encamped  for  tlie  winter. 
2  convertent  means  "  all()^\'  to  turn." 

284 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxx.  1-5 

on  the  king  with  suspicion^  was  desirous  of  a  change 
of  rulers ;  he  therefore  began  to  cast  about  for  a  strata- 
gem by  which  to  effect  the  ruin  of  Jugurtha,  and 
racked  his  brains  day  and  night.  Finally,  while  trying 
every  device,  he  won  the  support  of  Nabdalsa,  a  man 
of  rank,  w.ealth  and  distinction,  who  was  very  popu- 
lar with  his  countrymen.  This  man  was  in  the  habit 
of  exercising  a  command  independently  of  the  king 
and  of  attending  to  all  business  which  Jugurtha 
could  not  transact  in  person  when  he  was  weary  or 
engaged  in  more  important  duties ;  in  this  way  he 
had  gained  fame  and  power.  He  and  Bomilcar  ac- 
cordingly took  counsel  together  and  chose  a  time  for 
their  plot,  deciding  to  arrange  the  details  on  the  spot 
according  to  circumstances.  Nabdalsa  then  went  to 
the  army,  which  by  the  royal  command  he  kept  be- 
tween the  winter  quarters  of  the  Romans,^  for' the 
purpose  of  preventing  the  enemy  from  ravaging  the 
country  with  impunity.  There,  however,  he  took 
fright  at  the  enormity  of  the  proposed  crime,  and 
since  he  did  not  appear  at  the  appointed  hour,  his 
fears  thwarted  the  attempt.  Therefore  Bomilcar, 
being  at  once  eager  to  carry  out  his  design  and  also 
fearing  that  the  timidity  of  his  accomplice  might  lead 
him  to  abandon  their  former  plan  and  look  for  a 
new  one,  sent  a  letter  to  him  by  trusty  messengers. 
In  this  he  upbraided  the  man  for  his  weakness  and 
cowardice,  called  to  witness  the  gods  by  whom  he 
had  sworn,  and  warned  him  not  to  exchange  ^  ruin 
for  the  rewards  offered  by  Metellus.  Jugurtha's 
end,  he  said,  was  at  hand ;  the  only  question  was 
whether  he  should  succumb  to  their  valour  or  to 
that  of  Metellus.  Nabdalsa  must  therefore  consider 
whether  he  preferred  rewards  or  torture. 

285 


SALLUST 

LXXI.  Sed  cum    eae  litterae  allatae^  forte  Nab- 

2  dalsa  exercito  corpore  fessus  in  lecto  quiescebat,  ubi 
cognitis    Bomilcaris  verbis   primo   cura,   deinde,   uti 

3  aegrum  animum  solet^  somnus  cepit.  Erat  ei  Numida 
quidam    negotiorum    curator,    fidus    acceptusque    et 

4  omnium  consiliorum  nisi  novissumi  particeps.  Qui 
postquam  allatas  litteras  audivit  et  ex  consuetudine 
ratus  opera  aut  ingenio  suo  opus  esse,  in  taberna- 
culum  introiit,  dormiente  illo  epistulam  super  caput 
in  pulvino  temere  positam  sumit  ac  perlegit,  dein 
propere  cognitis  insidiis  ad  regem  pergit. 

5  Nabdalsa  paulo  post  experrectus  ubi  neque  epis- 
tulam repperit  et  rem  omnem  uti  acta  erat^  cognovit, 
primo  indicem  persequi  conatus,  postquam  id  frustra 
fuit,  lugurtham  placandi  gratia  accedit  ;  dicit  quae 
ipse  paravisset  facere  perfidia  clientis  sui  praeventa ; 
lacrumans  obtestatur  pel*  amicitiam  perque  sua 
antea  fideliter  acta,  ne  super  tali  scelere  suspectum 
sese  haberet. 

LXXII.  Ad  ea  rex  aliter  atque  animo  gerebat 
placide  respondit.  Bomilcare  aliisque  multis,  quos 
socios  insidiarum  cognoverat,  interfectis  iram  oppres- 
2  serat,  nequa  ex  eo  negotio  seditio  oreretur.  Neque 
post  id  locorum  lugurthae  dies  aut  nox  uUa  quieta 
fuit  ;  neque  loco  neque  mortali  cuiquam  aut  tempori 
satis  credere,  civis  hostisque  iuxta  metuere,  circum- 
spectare  omnia  et  omni  strepitu  pavescere,  alio  atque 

1  The  greater  number  of  the  best  mss.  have  ex  perfugis  after 
erat  ;  one  however  has  et  servis,  another  ex  servis,  a  third 
expertus.     The  phrase  ivan  expiuujed  by  Kritz. 

286 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxi.  i-lxxii.  2 

LXXl.  Now  when  this  letter  arrived,  it  chanced 
that  Nabdalsa,  fatigued  by  bodily  exercise,  was  rest- 
ing on  his  couch.  On  reading  Bomilcar's  message, 
he  was  at  first  troubled,  and  then,  as  is  usual  with 
a  wearied  mind,  sleep  overcame  him.  He  had  as 
his  secretary  a  Numidian  whom  he  trusted  and  loved, 
a  man  whom  he  had  made  acquainted  with  all  his 
designs  except  this  last  one.  Wlien  this  man  heard 
that  a  letter  had  arrived,  he  thought  that  as  usual  his 
services  or  advice  would  be  needed.  He  therefore 
entered  the  tent  where  his  master  was  sleeping,  took 
the  letter,  which  Nabdalsa  had  carelessly  left  on  the 
pillow  above  his  head,  and  read  it ;  then  perceiving 
the  plot,  he  went  in  haste  to  tlie  king. 

When  Nabdalsa  woke  up  a  little  later  and  did 
not  find  the  letter,  realizing  exactly  what  had  hap- 
pened, he  first  made  an  attempt  to  overtake  the 
informer,  and  failing  in  that  went  to  Jugurtha  in 
order  to  pacify  him.  He  declared  that  he  had 
been  anticipated  by  his  faithless  dependant  in  doing 
what  he  himself  had  intended.  Bursting  into  tears, 
he  begged  the  king  by  his  friendship  and  his  own 
faithful  service  of  old  not  to  suspect  him  of  such 
a  crime. 

LXXn.  To  these  words  the  king  made  a  courteous 
reply,  disguising  his  real  feelings.  After  putting  to 
death  Bomilcar  and  many  others  whom  he  knew  to 
be  implicated  in  the  plot,  he  restrained  his  anger,  for 
fear  that  the  affair  might  cause  a  rebellion.  But  from 
that  time  forward  Jugurtha  never  passed  a  quiet  day 
or  night ;  he  put  little  trust  in  any  place,  person,  or 
time  ;  feared  his  countrymen  and  the  enemy  alike ; 
was  always  on  the  watch  ;  started  at  every  sound  ; 
and   spent  his   nights  in  different  places,  many  of 

287 


SALLUST 

alio  loco  saepe  contra  deciis  regium  noctu  requies- 
cere,  interdum  somno  excitus  arreptis  armis  tumul- 
tum  facere,  ita  formidine  quasi  vecordia  exagitari. 

LXXIII.  Igitur  Metellus,  ubi  de  casu  Bomilcaris 
et  indicio  patefacto  ex  perfugis  cognovit,  rursus  tam- 
quam  ad  integrum  bellum  cuncta  parat  festinatque. 

2  Marium,  fatigantem  de  profectione,  simul  et  invitum 
et    off'ensum    sibi    parum    idoneum    ratus,    domum 

3  dimittit.  Et  Romae  plebes,  litteris  quae  de  Metello 
ac  Mario   missae    erant  cognitis,   volenti    animo    de 

4  ambobus  acceperant.  Iniperatori  nobilitas,  quae 
antea  decori  fuit,  invidlae  esse,  at  illi  alteri  generis 
humilitas  favorem  addiderat.  Ceterum  in  utroque 
magis    studia    partium    quam    bona    aut    mala    sua 

5  moderata.  Praeterea  seditiosi  magistratus  volgum 
exagitare,    Metellum    omnibus    contionibus    capitis 

6  aroessere,  Mari  virtutem  in  mains  celebrare.  Denique 
plebes^  sic  accensa  uti  opifices  agrestesque  omnes, 
quorum  res  fidesque  in  manibus  sitae  erant,  relictis 
operibus    frequentarent    Marium    et    sua    necessaria 

7  post  illius  honorem  ducerent.  Ita  perculsa  nobili- 
tate,  post  multas  tempestates  novo  homini  consul- 
atus  mandatur.  Et  postea  populus  a  tribuno  plebis 
T.  Manlio  Mancino  rogatus  quern  vellet  cum  lugurtha 
bellum  gerere,  frequens  Marium  iussit.     Sed   paulo 

^  P  and  some  other  good  mss.  hane  plebs. 

1  Referring   to   the    tribunes  of   the  commons  ;   see    Cat. 
xxxviii.  1. 

288 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxii.  2-lxxiii.  7 

which  were  ill  suited  to  the  dignity  of  a  king. 
Sometimes  on  being  roused  from  sleep  he  would 
utter  outcries  and  seize  his  arms  ;  he  was  hounded  by 
a  fear  that  was  all  but  madness. 

LXXni.  Now  when  Metellus  learned  from  de- 
serters of  the  fate  of  Bomilcar  and  the  discovery  of 
the  plot,  he  again  hastened  to  make  all  his  prepara- 
tions, as  if  for  a  new  war.  Since  Marius  constantly 
asked  for  a  furlough,  he  sent  him  home,  thinking  that 
a  man  who  was  at  once  both  discontented  and  at 
odds  with  his  commander,  would  be  of  little  service. 
At  Rome,  too,  the  commons,  on  hearing  the  letters 
which  had  been  written  about  Metellus  and  Marius, 
had  readily  accepted  what  was  said  in  them  about 
both  men.  The  general's  noble  rank,  which  before 
this  had  been  an  honour  to  him,  became  a  source  of 
unpopularity,  while  to  Marius  his  humble  origin  lent 
increased  favour ;  but  in  the  case  of  both  men  their 
own  good  or  bad  qualities  had  less  influence  than 
party  spirit.  More  than  this,  seditious  ^  magistrates 
were  working  upon  the  feelings  of  the  populace,  in 
every  assembly  charging  Metellus  with  treason  and 
exaggerating  the  merits  of  Marius.  At  length  the 
commons  were  so  excited  that  all  the  artisans  and 
farmers,  whose  prosperity  and  credit  depended  upon 
the  labour  of  their  own  hands,  left  their  work  and 
attended  Marius,  regarding  their  own  necessities  as 
less  important  than  his  success.  The  result  was  that 
the  nobles  were  worsted  and  after  the  lapse  of  many 
years  the  consulship  was  given  to  a  "^new  man." 
Afterwards,  when  the  tribune  Titus  Manlius  Mancinus 
asked  the  people  whom  they  wished  to  have  as 
leader  of  the  war  with  Jugurtha,  they  chose  Marius 
by  a  large  majority.     It  is  true  that  the  senate  had 

289 


SALLUST 

ante  senatus  Metello  Numidiani  decreverat  ^  ;   ea  res 
frustra  fuit. 

LXXIV.  Eodem  tempore  lugurtha  amissis  amicis 
— quorum  plerosque  ipse  necaverat,  ceteri  formidine 
pars  ad  Romanos,  alii  ad  regem  Bocchum  profuger- 
ant — cum  neque  bellum  geri  sine  administris  posset 
et  novorum  fidem  in  tanta  perfidia  veterum  experiri 
periculosum  duceret^  varius  incertusque  agitabat. 
Neque  illi  res  neque  consilium  aut  quisquam  hominum 
satis  placebat.  Itinera  praefectosque  in  dies  mutare, 
modo  advorsum  liostis,  interdum  in  soHtudines 
pergere^  saepe  in  fuga  ac  post  paulo  in  armis  spem 
habere^  dubitare  virtu  ti  an  fidei  popularium  minus 
crederet ;  ita  quocumque  intenderat  res  advorsae 
erant. 

2  Sed  inter  eas  moras  repente  sese  Metellus  cum 
exercitu  ostendit.   Numidae  ab  lugurtha  pro  tempore 

3  parati  instructique^  dein  proelium  incipitur.  Qua  in 
parte  rex  pugnae  affuit,  ibi  aliquamdiu  certatum, 
ceteri  eius  omnes  milites  primo  congreSsu  pulsi 
fugatique.  Roinani  signorum  et  armorum  aliquanto 
numero,  hostium  paucoruni  potiti  ;  nam  ferme 
Numidis  in  omnibus  proeliis  magis  pedes  quam  arma 
tuta  sunt. 

LXXV.  Ea  fuga  lugurtha  impensius  modo  rebus 
suis    diffidens,  cum    perfugis    et    parte   equitatus  in 

^  The  best  mss.  have  only  sed  paulo  deereverat.  Some 
inferior  msn.  have  seel  paulo  ante  senatus  Metello  Numidiani 
decreverat,  or  somtthijKj  similar.  Mommsen,  II.  li.,  siKjgents 
(ei  (Mario)  uti  (Tallia  piovincia  esjset,  paulo  [ante  senatus] 
decreverat. 
290 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxiii.  7-Lxxv.  i 

shortly  before  this  voted  Numidia  to  Metellus,  but 
their  action  was  to  no  purpose. 

LXXIV.  By  this  time  Jugurtha  had  lost  all  his 
friends,  having  himself  slain  the  greater  part  of  them, 
while  others  through  fear  had  taken  refuge  either 
with  the  Romans  or  with  King  Bocchus.  Therefore, 
since  he  could  not  carry  on  the  war  without  officers, 
and  at  the  same  time  considered  it  dangerous  to  trust 
to  the  fidelity  of  new  friends  when  old  friends  had 
proved  so  treacherous,  he  lived  in  doubt  and  un- 
certainty. There  was  no  measure,  there  was  neither 
plan  nor  man  that  he  could  fully  approve.  He 
changed  his  routes  and  his  officials  from  day  to  day, 
now  went  forth  to  meet  the  enemy,  now  took  to 
the  desert ;  often  placed  hope  in  flight  and  shortly 
afterwards  in  arms ;  was  in  doubt  whether  to  trust 
less  to  the  courage  or  to  the  good  faith  of  his 
countrymen  :  thus,  wherever  he  turned,  he  faced 
adversity. 

While  the  king  was  thus  procrastinating,  Metellus 
unexpectedly  appeared  with  his  army ;  whereupon 
Jugurtha  made  ready  and  drew  up  his  Numidians  as 
well  as  time  allowed.  Then  the  battle  began. 
W^herever  the  king  was  present  in  person,  there  was 
some  show  of  resistance  ;  everywhere  else  his  soldiers 
broke  and  fled  at  the  first  charge.  The  Romans 
captured  a  considerable  number  of  standards  and 
arms,  but  few  prisoners  ;  for  in  almost  all  their  battles 
the  Numidians  depend  more  upon  speed  of  foot  than 
on  arms. 

LXXV.  Reduced  to  even  deeper  despair  by  this 
defeat,  Jugurtha  took  refuge  with  the  fugitives  and  a 
part  of  the  cavalry  in  the  desert,  and  then  made  his 


291 
u  2 


SALLUST 

solitudines,  deiii  Thalam  pervenit_,  in  oi)pidum   mag- 
num atque  opulentum,  ubi  plerique  thesauri  filiorum- 

2  que  eius  multus  pueritiae  cultus  erat.  Quae  post- 
quam  Metello  comperta  sunt,quamquam  inter  Thalam 
flumenque  proxumum  in  spatio  milium  quinquaginta 
loca  arida  atque  vasta  esse  cognoverat,  tamen  spe 
patrandi  belli,  si  eius  0{)pidi  potitus  foret,  omnis 
asperitates    supervadere    ac   naturam    etiam   vincere 

3  aggreditur.  Igitur  omnia  iumenta  sarcinis  levari 
iubet    nisi    frumento    dierum   decem,  ceterum  utris 

4  modo  et  alia  aquae  idonea  portari.  Praeterea  con- 
quirit  ex  agris  quam  plurumum  potest  domiti  pecoris. 
Eo  im23onit  vasa  cuiusque  modi_,  sed  pleraque  lignea, 

5  collecta  ex  tuguriis  Numidarum.  Ad  hoc  finitumis 
imperat,  qui  se  post  regis  fugam  Metello  dederant, 
quam    plurumum    quisque    aquae    portaret ;     diem 

C  locumque,  ubi  praesto  fuerint/  praedicit.  Ipse  ex 
flumine,  quam  proxumam  oppido  aquam  esse  supra 
diximus,    iumenta    onerat ;   eo    modo    instructus    ad 

7  Thalam  proficiscitur.  Deinde  ubi  ad  id  loci  ventum 
quo  Numidis  praeceperat  et  castra  posita  munitaque 
sunt,  tanta  repente  caelo  missa  vis  aquae  dicitur,  ut 

8  ea  modo  exercitui  satis  superque  foret.  Praeterea 
commeatus  spe  amplior,  quia  Numidae,  sicuti   pleri- 

^  P  and  Home  other  good  jjiss.  hace  fuerit ;  forent,  Kritz. 

^  The  meaning  seems  to  be  tliat  a  large  establishment  was 
kept  there  for  tlie  maintenance  of  the  royal  children  in  a 
manner  befitting  their  station. 

292 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxv.  i-8 

way  to  Thala,  a  large  and  wealthy  town  in  which  the 
greater  part  of  his  treasure  was  kept,  and  his  chil- 
dren were  being  brought  up  in  grand  style. ^  As 
soon  as  Metellus  learned  of  this,  although  he  knew 
that  between  Thala  and  the  nearest  river  lay  fifty 
miles  of  dry  and  desolate  country,  yet  in  hope  of 
ending  the  war  by  getting  possession  of  So  important 
a  town  he  undertook  to  surmount  all  the  difficulties 
and  even  to  defeat  Nature  herself.  Accordingly,  he 
gave  orders  that  every  pack  animal  should  be  relieved 
of  all  burdens  except  a  ten  days'  allowance  of  grain, 
and  that  in  addition  to  this  only  skins  and  other  ves- 
sels for  carrying  water  should  l)e  taken.  Moreover, 
he  scoured  the  fields  to  find  as  many  domestic  animals 
as  possible  and  upon  them  he  loaded  utensils  of 
every  kind,  but  especially  wooden  ones,  which  he 
obtained  from  the  huts  of  the  Numidians.  Besides 
this,  he  ordered  all  the  people  who  dwelt  near 
by  (they  had  surrendered  to  Metellus  after  the  flight 
of  the  king),  to  bring  each  as  much  water  as  he 
could,  naming  the  day  and  the  place  where  they 
were  to  appear.  He  himself  loaded  his  animals  from 
the  river  which,  as  1  have  already  said,  was  the  near- 
est water  to  the  town,  and  with  this  supply  began  his 
march  for  Thala.  When  Metellus  had  reached  the 
place  which  he  had  appointed  with  the  Numidians 
and  had  pitched  and  fortified  his  camp,  suddenly 
such  an  abundance  of  rain  is  said  to  have  fallen  from 
heaven  that  this  alone  furnished  the  army  with  water 
enough  and  to  spare.  The  amount  also  which  was 
brought  to  him  '^  was  greater  than  he  anticipated, 
since    the    Numidians,   as    is    common   just    after   a 

2  By  the  neighbouring  people  ;  see  Ixxv.  5  above. 

293 


SALLUST 

9  que  in  nova  deditione,  officia  intenderant.  Ceterum 
milites  religione  pluvia  magis  usi,  eaque  res  multum 
animis  eorum  addidit.  Nam  rati  sese  dis  immortali- 
bus  curae  esse. 

Deinde  postero  die  contra  opinionem  lugurthae  ad 

10  Thalam    perveniunt.         Oppidani,    qui    se    locorum 

asperitate  munitos  crediderant,  magna  atque  insolita 

re  perculsi,  nihilo  segnius  bellum  parare ;  idem  nostri 

iacere. 

LXXVI.  Sed  rex  nihil  iam  infectum  Metello  cre- 
dens — quippe  qui  omnia^  arma,  tela,  locos,  tempora, 
denique  naturam  ipsam  ceteris  imperitantem  in- 
dustria  vicerat — cum  liberis  et  magna  parte  pecuniae 
ex  oppido  noctu  prof'ugit,  neque  postea  in  ullo  loco 
amplius  uno  die  aut  una  nocte  moratus,  simulabat 
sese  negoti  gratia  properare.  Ceterum  proditionem 
timebat,  quam  vitare  posse  celeritate  putabat ;  nam 
talia  consilia  per  otium  et  ex  opportunitate  capi. 

2  At  Metellus  ubi  opjndanos  proelio  intentos,  simul 
oppidum  et  operibus    et    loco  munitum  videt,   vallo 

3  fossaque  moenia  circumvenit.  Dein  duobus  locis  ex 
copia  maxume  idoneis  vineas  agere,  aggerem  iacere  ^ 
et  super  aggerem  impositis  turribus  opus  et  adminis- 

4  tros  tutari.     Contra  haec  oppidani  i'estinare,  parare ; 

*  vineas  agere,  aggerem  iacere,  Corte  ;  vii>eas  agere  super- 
que  es  aggere  miacare,  mss. 


'  That  is,  they  had  done  more  than  was  required,  they  had 
strained  their  services. 

294 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxv.  8-lxxvi.  4 

surrender,  had  more  than  done  their  duty.^  But 
religious  motives  led  the  soldiers  to  prefer  the  rain 
water  and  its  fall  added  greatly  to  their  spirits ; 
for  they  thought  that  they  enjoyed  the  favour  of 
the  immortal  gods. 

The  next  day,  contrary  to  Jugiirtlia's  expectation, 
the  Romans  arrived  at  Thala.  Tlie  townspeople  had 
supposed  themselves  protected  by  their  inaccessible 
situation  ;  but  although  they  were  amazed  at  this 
great  and  unexpected  feat,  they  none  the  less  made 
diligent  preparations  for  battle.  Our  men  did  the 
same. 

LXXVI.  But  the  king  now  believed  that  there 
was  nothing  which  Metellus  could  not  accomplish, 
since  his  energy  had  triumphed  over  all  obstacles  : 
arms,  weapons,  places,  seasons,  even  Nature  her- 
self, to  whom  all  others  bowed.  He  therefore  fled 
from  the  town  by  night  with  his  children  and  the 
greater  part  of  his  treasure.  And  after  that  he 
never  lingered  in  any  place  for  more  than  one  day 
or  one  night,  pretending  that  his  haste  was  due 
to  important  affairs ;  but  as  a  matter  of  fact  he 
feared  treachery  and  thought  that  he  could  escape 
it  by  rapid  movements,  since  such  designs  require 
leisure  and  opportunity. 

But  when  Metellus  saw  that  the  inhabitants  were 
eager  for  battle  and  also  that  the  town  was  fortified 
both  by  its  position  and  by  defensive  works,  he  encom- 
passed the  walls  with  a  stockade  and  a  moat  Then 
in  the  two  most  suitable  places  that  he  could  find  he 
brought  up  the  mantlets,  built  a  mound,  and  upon 
it  placed  turrets  to  protect  the  besiegers  and  their 
work.  The  townsmen  for  their  part  hastened  their 
preparations ;    indeed,  nothing  was  left  undone   by 

295 


SALLUST 

5  prorsus  ab  utrisque  nihil  relicum  fieri.  Denique 
Romaiii  multo  ante  labore  proeliisque  fatigati,  post 
dies  quadraginta  quam  eo  ventum  erat,  oppido  modo 

6  potiti_,  praeda  omnis  ab  perfugis  corrupta.  Ei  post- 
quam  murum  arietibus  feriri  resque  suas  aftiictas 
vident,  aurum  atque  argentum  et  alia  quae  prima 
ducuntur  domum  regiam  comportant.  Ibi  vino  et 
epulis  onerati  illaque  et  domum  et  semet  igni  cor- 
rumpunt  et  quas  victi  ab  hostibus  poenas  metuerant, 
eas  ipsi  volentes  pependere. 

LXXVII.  Sed  pariter  cum  capta  Thala  legati  ex 
oppido  Lepti  ad  Metellum  venerant,  orantes  uti 
praesidium  praefectumque  eo  mitteret :  Hamil- 
carem  quendam,  hominem  nobilem,  factiosum,  novis 
rebus  studere,  advorsum  quem  neque  imperia  magis- 
tratuum  neque  leges  valerent.  Ni  id  festinaret,  in 
summo   periculo  suam  salutem,  illorum   socios   fore. 

2  Nam  Leptitani  iam  inde  a  principio  belli  lugurthini 
ad    Bestiam    consulem    et    postea   Romam    miserant 

3  amicitiam  societatemque  rogatum.  Deinde_,  ubi  ea 
impetrata,  semper  boni  fidelesque  mansere  et  cuncta 
a  Bestia,  Albino  Metelloque  imperata  nave  fecerant. 

4  Itaque  ab  imperatore  facile  quae  petebant  adepti. 
Emissae  eo  cohortes  Ligurum  quattuor  et  C.  Annius 
praefectus. 

LXXVIII.  Id  oppidum  ab  Sidoniis  conditum  est, 
quos  accepimus  profugos  ob  discordias  civilis  navibus 


^  Sallust's  brevity  makes  his  meaning  obscure.    The  safety 
of   the   Leptitani   would   be   jeopardized,   and   the   Romans 

296 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxvi.  4-LxxviiT.  i 

either  side.  At  last^  after  much  exhausting  toil  and 
many  battles,  the  Romans,  forty  days  after  their 
arrival,  got  possession  of  the  town  only,  all  the  booty 
having  been  destroyed  by  tlie  deserters.  For  when 
these  men  saw  the  wall  battered  by  the  rams  and 
realized  that  all  was  lost,  they  carried  the  gold,  silver, 
and  other  valuables  to  the  palace.  There,  gorged 
with  food  and  wine,  they  burned  the  treasure,  the 
palace  and  themselves,  thus  voluntarily  paying  the 
penalty  which  they  feared  they  would  suffer  at  the 
hands  of  a  victorious  enemy. 

LXXVn.  Now  simultaneously  with  the  capture  of 
Thai  a  envoys  had  come  to  Metellus  from  the  town  of 
Leptis,  begging  him  to  send  them  a  garrison  and  a 
commandant.  They  declared  that  one  Hamilcar,  a 
man  of  rank  and  given  to  intrigue,  was  plotting  a 
revolution  and  could  be  restrained  neither  by  the 
commands  of  the  magistrates  nor  by  the  laws:  unless 
Metellus  acted  promptly,  they  would  be  in  extreme 
peril  of  their  lives ;  the  Romans,  of  losing  their 
allies.  1  And  in  fact  the  citizens  of  Leptis  at  the 
very  beginning  of  the  war  with  Jugurtha  had  sent 
messengers  to  Bestia  the  consul  and  later  to  Rome, 
asking  for  friendship  and  an  alliance.  After  their 
request  was  granted,  they  had  always  remained  true 
and  loyal,  and  had  diligently  executed  all  the  com- 
mands of  Bestia,  Albinus  and  Metellus.  Therefore 
Metellus  willingly  granted  their  petition,  and  four 
cohorts  of  Ligurians  were  sent  to  their  aid  under 
the  command  of  Gains  Annius. 

LXXVin.  The  town  of  Leptis  was  founded  by 
Sidonians,  who  are  reported  to  have  left  their  homes 

would  run  the  risk  of  losing  the  Leptitani  as  allies,  owing  to 
the  intrigues  of  Hamilcar. 

297 


SALLUST 

in  eos  locos  venisse;  ceterum  situm  inter  duas  Syrtis, 

2  quibus  nomen  ex  re  inditum.  Nam  duo  sunt  sinus 
prope  in  extrema  Africa  impares  magnitudine,  pari 
natura.  Quorum  proxuma  terrae  praealta  sunt, 
cetera,  uti  fors  tulit,  alta,  alia  in  tempestate  vadosa. 

3  Nam  ubi  mare  magnum  esse  et  saevire  ventis  coepit, 
limum  harenamque  et  saxa  ingentia  fluctus  trahunt  : 
ita  facies  locorum  cum  ventis  simul  mutatur,  Syrtes 
ab  tract u  nominatae. 

4  Eius  civitatis  lingua  modo  convorsa  conubio  Numi- 
darum  ;  legum  cultusque  pleraque  Sidonica,  quae  eo 
facilius    retinebant,  quod    procul    ab    imperio    regis 

5  aetatem  agebant.  Inter  illos  et  frequentem  Numi- 
diam  multi  vastique  loci  erant. 

LXXIX.  Sed  quoniam  in  eas  regiones  per  Lepti- 
tanorum  negotia  venimus,  non  indignum  videtur 
egregium  atque  mirabile  facinus  duorum  Carthagin- 
iensium   memorare  ;   eam   rem   nos  locus   admonuit. 

2  Qua  tempestate  Carthaginienses  pleraque  Africa  ^ 
imperitabant,     Cyrenenses     quoque     magni     atque 

3  opulenti  fuere,  Ager  in  medio  harenosus,  una  specie; 
neque  flumen  neque  mons  erat,  qui  finis  eorum  dis- 
cerneret.  Quae  res  eos  in  magno  diuturnoque  bello 
inter  se  habuit. 

4  Postquam  utrimque  legiones  item  classes  saepe 
fusae     fugataeque,     et    alteri     alteros     aliquantum 

'  pleraque  Africa,  a  few  good  mss.  and  Arusianufi,  7.  481. 
22  ;  P  and  the  greater  number  of  f/ood  niss.  hare  pleraeque 
Africae.* 

298 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxviii.  i-Lxxix.4 

because  of  civil  discord  and  come  to  that  region  in 
ships.  It  lies  between  the  two  Syrtes,  which  derive 
their  name  from  their  nature  ;  for  they  are  two  bays 
situated  almost  at  the  extreme  end  of  Africa,^  of  un- 
equal size  but  alike  in  character.  Near  the  shore 
the  water  is  very  deep,  elsewere  it  is  sometimes  deep 
and  sometimes  shoal,  just  as  it  happens  ^ ;  for  when 
the  breeze  causes  the  sea  to  swell  and  rage,  the 
waves  sweep  along  mud,  sand,  and  great  rocks,  so 
that  the  aspect  of  the  place  changes  with  the  winds. 
From  this  "sweeping  "  ^  the  Syrtes  get  their  name. 

Only  the  speech  of  this  city  has  been  affected  by 
intermarriage  with  the  Numidians ;  its  laws  and 
customs  are  for  the  most  part  Sidonian,  and  these  the 
inhabitants  retained  the  more  easily  because  they 
passed  their  life  at  a  distance  from  the  Numidian 
capital.  For  between  them  and  the  thickly  settled 
part  of  Numidia  lay  an  extensive  desert. 

LXXIX.  Since  the  affairs  of  the  people  of  Leptis 
have  brought  us  to  this  region,  it  seems  fitting  to  re- 
late the  noble  and  memorable  act  of  two  Carthagin- 
ians ;  the  place  calls  the  event  to  mind.  At  the  time 
when  the  Carthaginians  ruled  in  the  greater  part  of 
Africa,  the  people  of  Cyrene  were  also  strong  and 
prosperous.  Between  that  city  and  Carthage  lay  a 
sandy  plain  of  monotonous  aspect.  There  was  neither 
river  nor  hill  to  mark  the  frontiers,  a  circumstance 
which  involved  the  two  peoples  in  bitter  and  lasting 
strife. 

After  many  armies  and  fleets  had  been  beaten 
and  put  to  flight  on  both  sides,  and  the  long  struggle 

^  That  is,  close  to  the  Egyptian  frontier.  Sallust  seems  to 
have  confused  Leptis  Minor  with  the  later  city  of  Leptis 
Magna.  "^  That  is,  according  to  the  wind  and  weather. 

'  From  the  Greek  o-upw,  to  sweep. 

299 


SALLU8T 

attriverant^  veriti  ne  mox  victos  victoresque  defessos 
alius  aggrederetur,  per  indutias  sponsionem  faciunt, 
uti  certo  die  legati  domo  proficiscerentur ;  quo  in 
loco    inter   se  obvii   fuissent,  is  communis  utriusque 

5  populi  finis  haberetur.  Igitur  Carthagine  duo  fratres 
missi,  quibus  nomen  Philaenis  erat,  maturavere  iter 
pergere.     Cyrenenses  tardius  iere.      Id  socordiane  an 

6  casu  acciderit  parum  cognovi.  Ceterum  solet  in  illis 
locis  tempestas  baud  secus  atque  in  mari  retinere. 
Nam  ubi  per  loca  aequaUa  et  nuda  gignentium  ventus 
coortus  barenam  bumo  excitavit^  ea  magna  vi  agitata 
ora  oculosque  implere  solet ;  ita  prospectu  impedito 

7  morari  iter.  Postquam  Cyrenenses  aliquanto  poste- 
riores  se  esse  vident  et  ob  rem  corruptam  domi 
poenas  ,  metuunt,  criminari  Cartbaginiensis  ante 
tenripus    domo    digressos,  conturbare   rem,    denique 

8  omnia  malle  quam  victi  abire.  Sed  cum  Poeni  aliam 
condicionem,  tantum  modo  aequam,  peterent,  Graeci 
optionem  Cartbaginiensium  faciunt,  ut  vel  illi,  quos 
finis  populo  suo  peterent,  ibi  vivi  obruerentur,  vel 
eadem  condicione  sese  quem  in  locum  vellent  pro- 

9  cessuros.  Pbilaeni  condicione  probata  seque  vitam- 
que  suam  rei  pubUcae  condonavere  :  ita  vivi  obruti. 

10  Cartbaginienses  in  eo  loco  Pbilaenis  fratribus  aras 
consecravere  aliique  illis  domi  honores  instituti. 
Nunc  ad  r*em  redeo. 

1  nuda  gignentium,  "bare  of  vegetation."  Gignentium  is 
the  n.pl.  used  as  a  substantive  with  an  active  sense  ("  grow- 
ing things").  It  is  gen.  with  nuda  in  place  of  the  usual 
abl.     Cf.  frugum  vacnos,  xc.  1. 

300 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxix.  4-10 

had   somewhat    wearied    them  both,  they  began  to 
fear  that  presently  a  third  party  might  attack  victors 
and  vanquished  in  their  weak  state.     They  therefore 
called  a  truce  and  agreed  that  on  a  given  day  envoys 
should  set  out    from   each   city  and  that  the   place 
where  they  met  should  be  regarded  as  the  common 
frontier    of    the    two    peoples.      Accordingly,    two 
brothers   were  sent  from   Carthage,  called  Philaeni, 
and   these  made    haste    to  complete  their  journey. 
Those  from  Cyrene  went  more  deliberately.  Whether 
this  was  due  to  sloth  or  chance  I  cannot  say,  but 
in  those   lands  a  storm  often  causes  no  less    delay 
than  on  the  sea ;  for  when  the  wind  rises  on  those 
level  and  barren  ^  plains,  it  sweeps  up  the  sand  from 
the  ground  and  drives  it  with  such  violence  as  to  fill 
the  mouth  and  eyes.    Thus  one  is  halted  because  one 
cannot  see.     Now  when  the  men  of  Cyrene  realized 
that  they  were  somewhat  belated  and  feared  punish- 
ment for    their    iailure    when   they    returned,   they 
accused  the  Carthaginians  of  having  left  home  ahead 
of  time  and  refused  to  abide  by  the  agreement ;  in 
fact  they   were  willing  to  do  anything  rather  than 
go  home  defeated.     But  when  the  Carthaginians  de- 
manded other  terms,  provided  they  were   fair,  the 
Greeks  gave  them  the  choice,  either  of  being  buried 
alive  in  the  place  which  they  claimed  as  the  boundary 
of  their  country,  or  of  allowing  the  Greeks  on  the 
same  condition  to   advance  as  far  as  they  wished. 
The  Philaeni  accepted  the  terms  and  gave  up  their 
lives  for  their  country ;  so  they  were  buried  alive. 
The  Carthaginians  consecrated  altars  on  that  spot  to 
the  Philaeni  brothers,  and  other  honours  were  estab- 
lished  for   them    at    home.     I    now    return    to    my 
subject. 

301 


SALLUST 

LXXX.  lugurtha  postquam  amissa  Thala  nihil 
satis  firnium  contra  Metellum  putat,  per  magnas 
solitudines  cumpaucis  profectus,  pervenit  ad  Gaetulos, 
genus  hominum  ferum   incultumque  et  eo   tempore 

2  ignarum  nominis  Romani.  Eoriim  multitudinem  in 
unum  cogit  ac  paulatim  consuefacit  ordines  habere, 
signa  sequi,  imperium  observare,  item  alia  militaria 

3  facere.  Praeterea  regis  Bocchi  proxumos  magnis 
muneribus  et  maioribus  promissis  ad  studium  sui 
perducit,  quis  adiutoribus  regem  aggressus^  impellit 

4  uti  advorsus  Romanos  bellum  incipiat.  Id  ea  gratia 
facilius  proniusque  fuit,  quod  Bocchus  initio  huiusce 
belli   legatos    Romam    miserat   foedus  et  amicitiam 

5  petitum,  quam  rem  opportunissumam  incepto  bello 
pauci  impediverant  caeci  avaritia,  quis  omnia  honesta 

6  atque  inhonesta  vendere  mos  erat.  Etiam  antea 
lugurthae  filia  Boccho  ^  nupserat.  Verum  ea  neces- 
situdo  apud  Numidas  Maurosque  levis  ducitur^  quia 
singuli  })ro  opibus  quisque  quam  plurumas  uxores, 
denas  alii,  alii  pluris  habent,  sed   reges  eo  amplius. 

7  Ita  animus  multitudine  distrahitur  ;  nulla  pro  socia 
optinet,  pariter  omnes  viles  sunt. 

LXXXI.  Igitur  in  locum  ambobus  placitum  exei*- 
citus  conveniunt.  Ibi,  fide  data  et  accepta,  lugurtha 
Bocchi  artimum  oratione  accendit;  Romanos  iniustos, 
profunda  avaritia  communis  omnium  hostis  esse  ; 
eandem  illos  causam  belli  cum  Boccho  habere,  quam 

^  Some  good  mas.  have  Bocchi. 
302 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxx.  i-lxxxi.  i 

LXXX.  Since  Jugurtha  after  the  loss  of  Thala 
was  convinced  that  nothing  could  resist  Metellus,  he 
journeyed  through  vast  deserts  with  a  few  followers 
until  he  came  to  the  Gaetulians,  a  wild  and  uncivilized 
race  of  men^  who  at  that  time  had  never  heard  the 
name  of  Rome.  He  mustered  their  population  in 
one  place  and  gradually  trained  them  to  keep  ranks, 
follow  the  standards,  obey  orders,  and  perform  the 
other  duties  of  soldiers.  He  also  won  the  favour  of 
the  nearest  friends  of  King  Bocchus  by  lavish  gifts 
and  still  more  lavish  promises,  and  through  their  aid 
approached  the  king  and  induced  him  to  make  war 
upon  the  Romans.  This  was  an  easier  and  simpler 
matter,  because  at  the  beginning  of  this  very  war 
Bocchus  had  sent  envoys  to  Rome,  to  ask  for  a  treaty 
of  alliance ;  but  this  arrangement,  so  advantageous 
for  the  war  which  was  already  under  way,  had  been 
thwarted  by  a  few  men,  blinded  by  greed,  whose 
habit  it  was  to  traffic  in  everything,  honourable  and 
dishonourable.  Even  before  that  Bocchus  had  mar- 
ried a  daughter  of  Jugurtha,  but  such  a  tie  is  not 
considered  very  binding  among  the  Numidians  and 
Moors,  since  each  of  them  has  as  many  wives  as  his 
means  permit — some  ten,  others  more,  and  kings  a 
still  greater  number.  Thus  their  affection  is  distri- 
bute among  a  large  number  ;  none  of  t-he  wives 
is  regarded  as  a  consort,  but  all  are  equally 
misprised. 

LXXXI.  Now  the  armies  met  in  a  place  mutually 
agreed  upon.  There,  after  an  exchange  of  pledges, 
Jugurtha  strove  to  inflame  the  heart  of  Bocchus  by  a 
speech.  The  Romans,  he  said,  were  unjust,  of  bound- 
less greed,  and  the  common  foes  of  all  mankind. 
They  had  the  same  motive  for  a  war  with  Bocchus  as 

•    303 


SALLUST 

secum  et  ciini  aliis  gentibus,  lubidiiiem  imperitandi, 
quis  omnia  regna  advorsa  sint.  Turn  sese,  paulo  ante 
Carthaginiensis^  item  regem  Persen,  post  uti  quisque 
opulentissumus   videatiir,  ita  Romanis  liostem   fore. 

2  Eis  atque  aliis  talibus  dictis  ad  Cirtam  oppidum  iter 
constituunt^  quod  ibi  ^  Metellus  praedam  captivosque 

3  et  impedimenta  locaverat.  Ita  lugurtha.  ratus  aiit 
capta  urbe  operae  pretium  fore  aut^  si  dux  Romanus 

4  auxilio  suis  venisset^  proelio  sese  certaturos.  Nam 
callidus  id  modo  festinabat,  Bocchi  pacem  im- 
minuere,  ne  moras  agitando  aliud  quam  bellum 
mallet. 

LXXXII.  Imperator  postquam  de  regum  societate 
cognovit,  non  temere  neque,  uti  saepe  iam  victo 
lugurtha  consueverat,  omnibus  locis  pugnandi  copiam 
facit.  Ceterum  baud  procul  ab  Cirta  castris  munitis 
reges  opperitur,  melius  esse  ratus  cognitis  Mauris, 
quoniam  is  novos  hostis  accesserat,  ex  commodo  pug- 

2  nam  facere.  Interim  Roma  per  litteras  certior  fit 
provinciam  Numidiam  Mario  datam,  nam  consylem 
factum  ante  acceperat.  Quibus  rebus  supra  bonum  aut 
honestum  perculsus,  neque  lacrumas  tenere  neque 
moderari  linguam,  vir  egregius  in  aliis  artibus  nimts 

3  molliter  aegritudinem  pati.  Quam  rem  alii  in  super- 
biam    vortebant,    alii    bonum    ingenium    contumelia 

^   P  and  some  other  good  msi.  have  ibique. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxxi.  i-i.xxxii.  3 

for  one  with  himself  and  other  nations,  namely^  the 
hist  for  dominion,  and  their  hatred  of  all  monarchies. 
Just  now  Jugurtha  was  their  enemy,  a  short  time 
before  it  had  been  the  Carthaginians  and  King  Perses  ; 
in  the  future  it  would  be  whoever  seemed  to  them 
most  powerful.  After  he  had  spoken  these  and 
similar  words,  the  kings  directed  their  march  towards 
the  town  of  Cirta,  because  there  Metellus  had  placed 
his  booty,  his  prisoners  and  his  baggage.  Hence 
Jugurtha  thought  that  if  the  city  could  be  taken,  it 
would  be  worth  the  effort,  while  if  the  Roman  leader 
came  to  the  help  of  his  countrymen,  there  would  be 
a  battle.  And  as  a  matter  of  fact,  there  was  nothing 
about  which  the  wily  king  was  in  such  haste  as  to 
involve  Bocchus  in  war,  for  fear  that  delay  might  lead 
him  to  choose  another  course. 

LXXXn.  When  the  Roman  general  heard  of  the 
league  of  the  kings,  he  did  not  offer  battle  heedlessly 
and  in  all  places  alike,  as  had  been  his  custom  with 
Jugurtha  after  he  had  so  often  defeated  him  ;  but  he 
waited  for  them  in  a  fortified  camp  not  far  from  Cirta, 
thinking  it  better  to  learn  to  know  the  Moors,  since 
this  new  enemy  had  appeared,  and  so  to  fight  to 
better  advantage.  Meanwhile  he  was  informed  by 
letters  from  Rome  that  the  province  of  Numidia 
had  been  given  to  Marius ;  for  he  had  already  heard 
of  his  election  to  the  consulship.  He  was  more 
affected  by  this  news  than  was  right  or  becoming, 
neither  refraining  from  tears  nor  bridling  his  tongue  ; 
although  he  had  the  other  qualities  of  a  great  man, 
he  showed  little  fortitude  in  bearing  mortification. 
Some  attributed  his  conduct  on  this  occasion  to  arro- 
gance ;  others  declared  that  a  noble  spirit  had  been 
exasperated  by  insult ;  many  thought  that  it  was  due 

305 


SALLUST 

accensum  esse,  multi,  quod  iam  parta  victoria  ex 
manibus  eri})eretur.  Nobis  satis  cognitum  est  ilium 
magis  honore  Mari  quam  iniuria  sua  excruciatum 
neque  tani  anxie  laturuni  fuisse,  si  adempta  provincia 
alii  quam  Mario  traderetur. 

LXXXIII.  Igitur  eo  dolore  impeditus,  et  quia 
stultitiae  videbatur  alienamrem  perieulo  suo  curare, 
legatos  ad  Bocchum  mittit  postulatum  ne  sine  causa 
liostis  populo  Romano  fieret  :  habere  tum  magnam 
copiam  societatis  amicitiaeque  coniungendae,  quae 
potior  bello  esset,  et  quamquam  opibus  suis  confideret, 
tamen  non  debere  incerta  pro  certis  mutare  ;  omne 
bellum  sumi  facile,  ceterum  aegerrume  desinere : 
non  in  eiusdem  potestate  initium  eius  et  finem  esse  ; 
incipere  cuivis,  etiam  ignavo  licere,  deponi,  cum 
•  victores  velint ;  proinde  sibi  regnoque  suo  consuleret, 
neu  florentis  res  suas  cum  lugurthae  perditis 
misceret. 

2  Ad  ea  rex  satis  placide  verba  facit :  sese  patem 
cupere,  sed  lugurthae  fortunarum  misereri ;  si  eadem 

3  illi  copia  fieret,  omnia  conventura.  Rursus  imperator 
contra  postulata  Bocchi  nuntios  mittit ;  ille  probare 
partim,  alia  abnuere.  Eo  modo  saepe  ab  utroque 
missis  remissisque  nuntiis,  tempus  procedere  et  ex 
Metelli  voluntate  bellum  intactum  train. 

306 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  LXXX11.3-LXXX111.3 

to  the  fact  that  the  victory  which  he  had  ah'eady  won 
was  snatched  from  his  grasp.  Personally,  I  feel  con- 
fident that  he  was  tormented  more  by  the  honour 
done  to  Marius  than  by  the  affront  to  himself,  and 
that  he  would  have  felt  leSs  annoyance  if  the  province 
had  been  taken  from  him  to  be  given  to  any  other 
man  than  Marius. 

LXXXni.  Checked  therefore  as  he  was  by  this 
grievance  and  thinking  it  folly  to  promote  another's 
interests  at  his  own  peril,  Metellus  sent  envoys  to 
Bocchus,  to  demand  that  he  should  not  unprovoked 
become  an  enemy  to  the  Roman  people ;  he  declared 
that  in  the  crisis  before  them  the  king  had  a  golden 
o[)portunity  to  form  a  friendly  alliance,  which  was  pre- 
ferable to  war,  and  that  however  much  confidence  he 
might  feel  in  his  strength,  he  ought  not  to  exchange 
certainty  for  uncertainty.  .It  was  always  easy  to 
begin  a  war,  but  very  difficult  to  stop  one,  since  its 
beginning  and  end  were  not  under  the  control  of  the 
same  man.  Anyone,  even  a  coward,  could  commence 
a  war,  but  it  could  be  brought  to  an  end  only  with 
the  consent  of  the  victors.  Therefore  the  Moor 
ought  to  have  regard  to  his  own  interests  and  those 
of  his  kingdom  and  ought  not  to  unite  his  own  pros- 
perity with  the  desperate  plight  of  Jugurtha. 

To  these  words  the  king  made  a  sufficiently  con- 
ciliatory reply,  saying  that  he  desired  peace,  but 
pitied  the  misfortunes  of  Jugurtha  ;  that  if  the  same 
opportunity  were  offered  his  ally,  agreement  would 
be  easy.  Upon  this,  Metellus  again  sent  envoys  to 
object  to  the  demands  of  Bocchus,  who  partly  heeded 
and  partly  rejected  his  remonstrances.  In  this  way, 
while  messengers  were  continually  being  sent  to  and 
fro,  time  passed  and,  as   Metellus  wished,  the  war 

remained  at  a  standstill. 

307 

X  2 


SALLUST 

LXXXIV.  At  Marius,  ut  supra  diximus,  cupientis- 
suma  plebe  consul  factus,  postquam  ei  provinciam 
Numidiam  populus  iussit,  aiitea  iam  infestus  nohili- 
tati,  turn  vero  multus  atque  ferox  instare,  singulos 
modo,  modo  univorsos  laedere,  dictitare  sese  consula- 
tum  ex  victis  illis  spolia  cepisse,  alia  praeterea  mag- 

2  nifica  pro  se  et  illis  dolentia.  Interim  quae  belle 
opus  erant  prima  habere,  postulare  legionibus  supple- 
mentum,  auxilia  a  populis  et  regibus  arcessere^  prae- 
terea ex  Latio  sociisque  ^  fortissumum  quemque, 
plerosque  militiae,  paucos  fama  cognitos  accire  et 
ambiundo  cogere  homines  emeritis  stipendiis  secum 
proficisci. 

3  Neque  illi  senatus,  quaniquam  advorsus  erat^  de 
ullo  negotio  abnuere  audebat.  Ceterum  supplemen- 
tutn  etiam  laetus  decreverat^  quia  neque  plebi  militia 
volenti  putabatur  et  Marius  aut  belli  usum  aut  studia 
volgi  amissurus.     Sed  ea  res  frustra  sperata  ;  tanta 

4  lubido  cum  Mario  eundi  plerosque  invaserat.  Sese 
quisque  praeda  locupletem  fore,  victorem  domum 
rediturum  alia  huiuscemodi  animis  trahebant,  et  eos 

5  non  paulum  oratione  sua  Marius  arrexerat.  Nam 
postquam  omnibus  quae  postulaverat  decretis  milites 
scribere  volt,  hortandi  causa,  simul  et  nobilitatem  uti 

^  In  the  mss.  sociisque  follows  regibus.  Wirz  placed  it 
after  Latio. 

308 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxxiv.  i    5 

LXXXIV.  Now  Marius,  as  we  have  already  said, 
was  chosen  consul  with  the  ardent  support  of  tlie 
commons.  While  even  before  his  election  he  had 
been  hostile  to  the  nobles,  as  soon  as  the  people 
voted  him  the  province  of  Numidia  he  attacked 
the  aristocracy  persistently  and  boldly,  assailing  now 
individuals  and  now  the  entire  party.  He  boasted 
that  he  had  wrested  the  consulship  from  them  as 
the  spoils  of  victory,  and  made  other  remarks  cal- 
culated to  glorify  himself  and  exasperate  them.  All 
the  while  he  gave  his  first  attention  to  preparation 
for  the  war.  He  asked  that  the  legions  should  be  re- 
inforced, summoned  auxiliaries  from  foreign  nations 
and  kings,  besides  calling  out  the  bravest  men  from 
Latium  and  from  our  allies,  the  greater  number  of 
whom  he  knew  from  actual  service  but  a  few  only 
by  reputation.  By  special  inducements,  too,  he  per- 
suaded veterans  who  had  served  their  time  to  join 
his  expedition. 

The  senate,  although  it  was  hostile  to  him,  did  not 
venture  to  oppose  any  of  his  measures  ;  the  addition 
to  the  legions  it  was  particularly  glad  to  vote,  because 
it  was  thought  that  the  commons  were  disinclined  to 
military  service  and  that  Marius  would  thus  lose 
either  resources  for  the  war  or  the  devotion  of  the 
people.  But  such  a  desire  of  following  Marius  had 
seized  almost  everyone,  that  the  hopes  of  the  senate 
were  disappointed.  Each  man  imagined  himself  en- 
riched by  booty  or  returning  home  a  victor,  along 
with  other  visions  of  the  same  kind.  Marius  too  had 
aroused  them  in  no  slight  degree  by  a  speech  of  his ; 
for  when  all  the  decrees  for  which  he  had  asked  had 
been  passed  and  he  wished  to  enrol  soldiers,  in  order 
to  encourage  men  to  enlist  and  at  the  same  time, 

309 


SALLUST 

consueverat  exagitandi,  contionem  populi  advocavit. 
Deinde  hoc  modo  disseruit. 

LXXXV.  "  Scio  ego,  Quirites,  plerosque  non  eis- 
dem  artibus  imperium  a  vobis  petere  et  postquam 
adepti  sunt  gerere ;  primo  industrios,  supplices, 
modicos  esse,  dein  per  ignaviam  et  superbiam  aeta- 

2  tern  agere.  Sed  mihi  contra  ea  videtur.  Nam  quo 
pluris  est  univorsa  res  publica  quam  consulatus  aut 
praetura,  eo  maiore  cura  illam  administrari  quam  haec 

3  peti  debere.  Neque  me  fallit,  quantum  cum  maxumo 
benificio  vostro  negoti  sustineam.^  Bellum  parare 
simul  et  aerario  parcere,  cogere  ad  militiam  eos  quos 
nolis  offendere,  domi  forisque  omnia  curare  et  ea 
agere   inter  invidos,  occursantis,  factiosos,  opinione, 

4  Quirites,  asperius  est.  Ad  hoc  alii  si  dehquere,  vetus 
nobilitas,  maiorum  fortia  facta,  cognatorum  et  ad- 
finiura  opes,  muitae  clientelae,  omnia  haec  praesidio 
adsunt ;  mihi  spes  omnes  in  memet  sitae,  quas  ne- 
cesse  est  virtute  et  innocentia  tutari.  Nam  alia 
infirma  sunt. 

5  "  Et  illud  intellego,  Quirites,  omnium  ora  in  me  con- 
vorsa  esse,  aequos  bonosque  favere,  quippe  mea  bene 
facta    rei     publicae    procedunt,    nobilitatem    locum 

6  invadendi  quaerere.   Quo  mihi  acrius  adnitundum  est 

^  sustiiieo,  /-'. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxxiv.5-lxxxv.6 

according  to  his  custom^  to  bait  the  nobles,  he  called 
an  assembly  of  the  people.  Then  he  spoke  in  the 
following  manner : 

LXXXV.  "  1  know,  fellow  citizens,  that  it  is  by 
very  different  methods  that  most  men  ask  for  power 
at  your  hands  and  exercise  it  after  it  has  been 
secured  ;  that  at  first  they  are  industrious,  humble 
and  modest,  but  afterwards  they  lead  lives  of  in- 
dolence and  arrogance.  But  the  right  course,  in 
my  opinion,  is  just  the  opposite  ;  for  by  as  much 
as  the  whole  commonwealth  is  of  more  value  than 
a  consulate  or  a  praetorship,  so  much  greater  ought 
to  be  the  care  with  which  it  is  governed  than  that 
which  is  shown  in  seeking  those  offices.  Nor  am 
I  unaware  how  great  a  task  I  am  taking  upon  my- 
self in  accepting  this  signal  favour  of  yours.  To 
prepare  for  war  and  at  the  same  time  to  spare  the 
treasury ;  to  force  into  military  service  those  whom 
one  would  not  wish  to  offend  ;  to  have  a  care  for 
everything  at  home  and  abroad — to  do  all  this  amid 
envy,  enmity  and  intrigue,  is  a  ruder  task,  fellow 
citizens,  than  you  might  suppose.  Furthermore,  if 
others  make  mistakes,  their  ancient  nobility,  the 
brave  deeds  of  their  ancestors,  the  power  of  their 
kindred  and  relatives,  their  throng  of  clients,  are  all 
a  very  present  help.  My  hopes  are  all  vested  in 
myself  and  must  be  maintained  by  my  own  worth 
and  integrity  ;  for  all  other  supports  are  weak. 

"  This  too  I  understand,  fellow  citizens,  that  the 
eyes  of  all  are  turned  towards  me,  that  the  just  and 
upright  favour  me  because  my  services  are  a  benefit 
to  our  country,  while  the  nobles  are  looking  for  a 
chance  to  attack  me.  Wherefore  I  must  strive  the 
more  earnestly  that  you  may  not  be  deceived  and  that 

311 


SALLUST 

7  uti  neque  vos  capiamini  et  illi  frustra  sint.  Ita  ad  hoc 
aetatis  a  pueritia  fui,  uti  omnis  labores  et  pericula 

8  consueta  habeam.  Quae  ante  vostra  benificia  gratu- 
ito  faciebam,  ea  uti  accepta  mercede  deseram  non  est 

9  consilium,  Quirites.  Illis  difficile  est  in  potestatibus 
temperare,  qui  per  ambitionem  sese  probos  simula- 
vere ;  niilii,  qui  omnem  aetateni  in  optumis  artibus 
egi,  bene  facere  iam   ex    consuetudine    in   naturam 

10  vortit.  Bellum  me  gerere  cum  lugurtha  iussistis, 
quam  rem  nobilitas  aegerrume  tulit.  Quaeso_,  reputate 
cum  animis  vostris  num  id  mutare  melius  sit,  si  quem 
ex  illo  globo  nobilitatis  ad  hoc  aut  aliud  tale  negotium 
mittatis,  hominem  veteris  prosapiae  ac  multarum 
imaginum  et  nullius  stipendi ;  scilicet  ut  in  tanta  re 
ignarus  omnium  trepidet,  festinet,  sumat  aliquem  ex 

11  populo  monitorem  offici  sui.  Ita  plerumque  evenit 
ut  quem  vos  imperari  iussistis,  is  imperatorem  alium 

12  quaerat.  Atque  ego  scio,  Quirites,  qui  postquam 
consules  facti  sunt  et  acta  maiorum  et  Graecorum 
militaria  praecepta  legere  coeperint,  praeposteri 
homines ;  nam  gerere  quam  fieri  tempore  posterius 
re  atque  usu  prius  est. 

13  '^  Comparate  nunc,  Quirites,  cum  illorum  superbia 
me   hominem  novom.      Quae   illi   audire  et^   legere 

^  ct,  P  and  other  good  mss. ;  aiit,  V  and  some  good  mss. 

^  That  is  to  say,  who  reverse  the  natural  order  of  events 
or  things. 

^  Sallust's  brevity  again  makes  his  meaning  obscure. 
With  gerere  a.nd  fieri  we  must  supply  magistratum,  meaning 
"office"  with  the  former  and  "official"  with  the  latter. 
Re    atque    usu,    "in    actual    practice,"    is   contrasted  with 

312 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxxv.  6-13 

they  may  be  disappointed.  From  childhood  to  my 
present  time  of  life  I  have  so  lived  that  I  am  familiar 
with  every  kind  of  hardship  and  danger.  As  to  the 
efforts^  fellow  citizens,  which  before  your  favours 
were  conferred  upon  me  I  made  without  recompense, 
it  is  not  my  intention  to  relax  them  now  that  they 
have  brought  me  their  reward.  To  make  a  moderate 
use  of  power  is  difficult  for  those  who  from  interested 
inotives  have  pretended  to  be  virtuous  ;  for  me,  who 
have  spent  my  entire  life  in  exemplary  conduct, 
habit  has  made  right  living  a  second  nature.  You 
have  bidden  me  conduct  the  war  against  Jugurtha,  a 
commission  which  has  sorely  vexed  the  nobles.  I 
pray  you,  ponder  well  whether  it  would  be  better  to 
change  your  minds  and  send  on  this  or  any  similar 
errand  one  of  that  ring  of  nobles,  a  man  of  ancient 
lineage  and  many  ancestral  portraits — but  no  cam- 
paigns ;  in  order,  no  doubt,  that  being  wholly  in 
ignorance  of  the  duties  of  such  an  office,  he  might 
hurry  and  bustle  about  and  select  some  one  of  the 
common  people  to  act  as  his  adviser.  In  fact,  it  very 
often  happens  that  the  man  whom  you  have  selected 
as  a  commander  looks  about  for  someone  else  to 
command  him.  I  personally  know  of  men,  citizens, 
who  after  being  elected  consuls  began  for  the  first 
time  to  read  the  history  of  our  forefathers  and 
the  military  treatises  of  the  Greeks,  preposterous  ^ 
creatures  !  for  though  in  order  of  time  administra- 
tion follows  election,  yet  in  actual  practice  it 
comes  first. 2 

'^  Compare  me  now,  fellow  citizens,  a  '  new  man,' 
with  those  haughty  nobles.     What  they  know  from 

tem'pore.  Election  to  an  office  precedes  the  administration  of 
the  office,  but  the  training  which  fits  one  to  administer  an 
office  well  comes  before  election. 


SALLUST 

Solent^  eorum  })arteni  vidi,  alia  egomet  gessi ;  quae 

U  illi  litteris,  ea  ego  militando  didici.    Nunc  vos  existu- 

mate  facta  an  dicta  pluris  sint.     Conteninunt  novita- 

tem  meam,  ego  illorum  ignaviani ;  mihi  fortuna,  illis 

15  probra  obiectantur.^  Quamquam  ego  naturam  unam 
et   communem   omnium    existumo,    sed  fortissumum 

16  quemque  generosissumum.  Ac  si  iam  ex  patribus 
Albini  aut  Bestiae  quaeri  posset,  mene  an  illos  ex  se 
gigni  maluerint,  quid  responsuros  creditis,  nisi  sese 
liberos  quam  optumos  voluisse  r 

17  "  Quod  si  iure  me  despiciunt,  faciant^  idem  maiori- 
bus  suis,  quibus,  uti  mihi,  ex  virtute  nobilitas  coepit. 

J  8  Invident  honori  meo  ;  ergo  invideant  labori,  innocen- 
tiae,  periculis  etiam  meis,  quoniam  per  liaec  ilium 

19  cepi.  V^erum  homines  corrupti  superbia  ita  aetatem 
agunt,  quasi   vostros    honores   contemnant ;    ita  hos 

20  petunt,  quasi  honeste  vixerint.  Ne  illi  falsi  sunt,  qui 
divorsissumas  res  pariter  expectant,  ignaviae  volupta- 

21  tem  et  praemia  virtutis.  Atque  etiam,  cum  apud  vos 
aut  in  senatu  verba  faciunt,  pleraque  oratione  maiores 
suos  extollunt,  eorum   fortia  facta  memorando  clari- 

22  ores  sese  putant.  Quod  contra  est.  Nam  quanto  vita 
illorum  praeclarior,  tanto  horum  socordia  flagitiosior. 

23  Et  profecto  ita  se  res  habet :  maiorum  gloria  })osteris 
quasi  lumen  est,  neque  bona  ne({ue  mala  eorum  in 


^   V  and  aome  (jood  vihs.  hart  obiciiiiiLuf  ;  (clso  P^. 
-  faciant,   V  and  some  <jood  mss.;  faciunt,  P  and  other  yood 
niss. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxxv.  13-23 

hearsay  and  reading,  I  have  either  seen  with  my  own 
eyes  or  done  with  my  own  hands.  What  they  have 
learned  from  books  I  liave  learned  by  service  in  the 
field ;  think  now  for  yourselves  whether  words  or  deeds 
are  worth  more.  They  scorn  my  humble  birth,  1  their 
worthlessness ;  I  am  taunted  with  my  lot  in  life, 
they  with  their  infamies.  For  my  part,  I  believe 
that  all  men  have  one  and  the  same  nature,  but  that 
the  bravest  is  the  best  born  ;  and  if  the  fathers  of 
Albinus  and  Bestia  could  now  be  asked  whether 
they  would  prefer  to  have  me  or  those  men  for  their 
descendants,  what  do  you  suppose  they  would  reply, 
if  not  that  they  desired  to  have  the  best  possible 
children  ? 

'^But  if  they  rightly  look  down  on  me,  let  them 
also  look  down  on  their  own  forefathers,  whose 
nobility  began,  as  did  my  own,  in  manly  deeds.  They 
begrudge  me  my  office ;  then  let  them  begrudge 
my  toil,  my  honesty,  even  my  dangers,  since  it  was 
through  those  that  I  won  the  office.  In  fact,  these 
men,  spoiled  by  pride,  live  as  if  they  scorned  your 
honours,  but  seek  them  as  if  their  own  lives  were 
honourable.  Surely  they  are  deceived  when  they 
look  forward  with  equal  confidence  to  things  which 
are  worlds  apart,  the  joys  of  idleness  and  the  re- 
wards of  merit.  Even  when  they  speak  to  you  or 
address  the  senate,  their  theme  is  commonly  a 
eulogy  of  their  ancestors  ;  by  recounting  .the  ex- 
ploits of  their  forefathers  they  imagine  themselves 
more  glorious.  The  very  reverse  is  true.  The  more 
glorious  was  the  life  of  their  ancestors,  the  more 
shameful  is  their  own  baseness.  Assuredly  the 
matter  stands  thus  :  the  glory  of  ancestors  is,  as  it 
were,  a  light  shining  upon  their  posterity,  suffering 

315 


SALLUST 

24  occulto  patitiir.  Huiiisce  rei  ego  ino})iam  fateor^^ 
Quirites,  verum^  id  quod  multo  praeclarius  est^  mea- 

25  met  facta  mihi  dicere  licet.  Nunc  videte  quam  iniqui 
sint.  Quod  ex  aliena  virtute  sibi  arrogant,  id  mihi 
ex  mea  non  concedunt,  scilicet  quia  imagines  non 
habeo  et  quia  mihi  nova  nobilitas  est,  quam  certe 
peperisse  melius  est  quam  acceptam  corruj)isse. 

26  "Equidem  ego  non  ignoro,  si  iam  mihi  respondere 
velint,  abunde  illis  facundam  et  compositam  oratio- 
nem  fore.  Sed  in  vostro  maxumo  benificio  cum 
omnibus  locis  me  vosque  maledictis  lacerent,  non 
placuit  reticere,  ne  quis  modestiam  in  conscientiam 

27  duceret.  Nam  me  quidem  ex  animi  mei  sententia 
nulla  oratio  laedere  potest.  Quippe  vera  necesse  est 
bene  praedicent,  falsa  vita  moresque  mei   superant. 

28  Sed  quoniam  vostra  consilia  accusantur,  qui  mihi 
summum  honorem  et  maxumum  negotium  im- 
posuistis,    etiam    atque    etiam    reputate  num  eorum 

29  paenitendum  sit.  Non  possum  fidei  causa  imagines 
neque  triumphos  aut  consulatus  maiorum  meorum 
ostentare,  at,  si  res  postulet,  hastas,  vexillum, 
phaleras,    alia    militaria    dona,    praeterea    cicatrices 

30  advorso  corpore.  Hae  sunt  meae  imagines,  haec 
nobilitas,  non  hereditate  relicta,  ut  ilia  illis,  sed  quae 

ego  meis  plurumis  laboribus  et  periculis  quaesivi. 

^  fateor,  V  and  some  inf trior  w.<?,9. ;   P  and  the  better  mss. 
hare  patior.  J 

( 

*  That  is,  to  a  consciousness  of  my  unworthiness  for  the 
office, 

316 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxxv.  23-30 

neither  their  virtues  hor  their  faults  to  be  hidden. 
Of  such  glory  I  acknowledge  mj'^  poverty,  fellow 
citizens  ;  but — and  that  is  far  more  glorious — I  have 
done  deeds  of  which  I  have  a  right  to  speak.  Now 
see  how  unfair  those  men  are  ;  what  they  demand 
for  themselves  because  of  others'  merit  they  do  not 
allow  me  as  the  result  of  my  own,  no  doubt  because 
I  hav^  no  family  portraits  and  because  mine  is  a 
new  nobility.  And  yet  surely  to  be  its  creator  is 
better  than  to  have  inherited  and  disgraced  it. 

"  I  am  of  course  well  aware  that  if  they  should 
deign  to  reply  to  me,  their  language  would  be 
abundantly  eloquent  and  elaborate.  But  since  after 
the  great  honour  which  you  have  done  me  they  take 
-every  opportunity  to  rend  us  both  with  their  in- 
vectives, I  thought  it  best  not  to  be  silent,  for  fear 
that  someone  might  interpret  my  reticence  as  due  to 
a  guilty  conscience.^  In  point  of  fact,  I  am  confident 
that  I  can  be  injured  by  no  speech ;  for  if  they  tell 
the  truth,  they  cannot  but  speak  well  of  me,  and 
falsehood  my  life  and  character  refutes.  But  since 
it  is  your  judgment  in  giving  me  your  highest  office 
and  a  most  important  commission  which  they  criti- 
cize, consider  again  and  yet  again  whether  you  ought 
to  regret  those  acts.  I  cannot,  to  justify  your  con- 
fidence, display  family  portraits  or  the  triumphs  and 
consulships  of  my  forefathers ;  but  if  occasion  re- 
quires, I  can  show  spears,  a  banner,  trappings  and 
other  military  prizes,^  as  well  as  scars  on  my  breast. 
These  are  my  portraits,  these  my  patent  of  nobility, 
not  left  me  by  inheritance  as  theirs  were,  but  won  by 
my  own  innumerable  efforts  and  perils. 

*  Common  military  prizes  were  the  hasta  pura,  or  headless 
spear,  and  phalerae,  ornamented  discs  of  metal,  which  could 
be  attached  to  a  belt  or  a  horse's  harness. 


SALLUST 

31  "  Non  sunt  composita  verba  mea  ;  parvi  ^  id  facio. 
Ipsa  se  virtus  satis  ostendit.      Illis  artificio  opus  est, 

32  ut  turpia  facta  oratione  tegant.  Neque  litteras 
Graecas  didici ;  parum  placebat  eas  discere,  quippe 

33  quae  ad  virtutem  doctoribus  nihil  profuerant.  At 
ilia  multo  optuma  rei  publicae  doctus  sum  :  hostem 
ferire,  praesidia  agitare,  nihil  metuere  nisi  turpem 
famam,  hiemem  et  aestatem  iuxta  pati,  humi  requi- 
escere,  eodem  tempore  inopiam  et  laborem  tolerare. 

34  His  ego  praeceptis  milites  hortabor,  neque  illos  arte 
colam,  me  opulenter,  neque  gloriam  meam  laborem 

35  illorum  faciam.     Hoc  est  utile,  hoc  civile  imperium. 
Namque  cum  tute  per  mollitiem  ^    agas,   exercitum' 
supplicio  cogere,  id  est  dominum,  non  imperatorem 

36  esse.      Haec    atque    talia  ^   maiores    vostri    faciundo 

37  seque  remque  publicam  celebravere.  Quis  nobilitas 
freta,  ipsa  dissimilis  moribus,  nos  illorum  aemulos 
contemnit,  et  omnis  honores  non  ex  merito,  sed 
quasi  debitos  a  vobis  repetit. 

38  ^^Ceterum  homines  superbissumi  procul  errant. 
Maiores  eorum  omnia  quae  licebat  illis  reliquere  : 
divitias,  imagines,  memoriam  sui  praeclaram  ;  virtu- 
tem non  reliquere,  neque  poterant ;  ea  sola  neque 

39  datur  dono  neque  accipitur.  Sordidum  me  et  in- 
cultis  moribus  aiunt,  quia  parum  scite  convivium 
exorno  neque   histrionem  ullum  neque  pluris  preti 

^  parvi,  F,  P^,  Nonius,  p.  200  ;  parum,  P  and  the  other 
good  mss. 

2  mollitiam,  V  and  some  other  good  inas. 
^  P,  V  and  some  other  good  mss.  have  alia. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxxv.  31-39 

"  My  words  are  not  well  chosen ;  I  care  little  for 
that.  Merit  shows  well  enough  in  itself.  It  is  they 
who  have  need  of  art^  to  ^loss  over  their  shameful 
acts  with  specious  words.  Nor  have  I  studied 
Grecian  letters.  I  did  not  greatly  care  to  become 
acquainted  with  them,  since  they  had  not  taught 
their  teachers  virtue.  But  I  have  learned  by  far 
the  most  important  lesson  for  my  country's  good — 
to  strike  down  the  foe,  to  keep  watch  and  ward, 
to  fear  nothing  save  ill  repute,  to  endure  heat 
and  cold  alike,  to  sleep  on  the  ground,  to  bear 
privation  and  fatigue  at  the  same  time.  It  is  with 
these  lessons  that  I  shall  encourage  my  soldiers  ;  I 
shall  not  treat  them  stingily  and  myself  lavishly,  nor 
win  my  own  glor}^  at  the  price  of  their  toil.  Such 
leadership  is  helpful,  such  leadership  is  democratic  i; 
for  to  live  in  luxury  oneself  but  control  one's  army 
by  punishments  is  to  be  a  master  of  slaves,  not  a 
commander.  It  was  by  conduct  like  this  that  your 
forefathers  made  themselves  and  their  country 
famous;  but  the  nobles,  relying  upon  such  ancestors, 
though  themselves  of  very  different  character,  de- 
spise us  who  emulate  the  men  of  old,  and  claim 
from  you  all  honours,  not  from  desert,  but  as  a 
debt. 

"  But  those  most  arrogant  of  men  are  greatly  in 
error.  Their  ancestors  have  left  them  all  that  they 
could — riches,  portrait  busts,  their  own  illustrious 
memory;  virtue  they  have  not  left  them,  nor  could 
they  have  done  so ;  that  alone  is  neither  bestowed 
nor  received  as  a  gift.  They  say  that  I  am  common 
and  of  rude  manners,  because  I  cannot  give  an 
elegant  dinner  and  because  I  pay  no  actor  or  cook 

^  c,f.  Suetonius,  Claud,  i.  4. 


SALLUST 

cocum  quam  vilicum  habeo.     Quae  mihi  lubet  con. 

40  fiteri,  Quirites.  Nam  ex  parente  meo  et  ex  aliis 
Sanctis  viris  ita  accepi  :  munditias  mulieribus,  labo- 
rem  viris  convenire,  omnibusque  bonis  oportere  plus 
gloriae  quam  divitiarum  esse;  arma/non  supellec- 
tilem  decori  esse. 

41  '^  Quin  ergo  quod  iuvat,  quod  carum  aestumant,  id 
semper  faciant :  ament^  potent ;  ubi  adulescentiam 
habuere  ibi  senectutem  agant^  in  conviviis,  dediti 
ventri  et  turpissumae  parti  corporis.  Sudorem,  pul- 
verem    et    alia    talia    relinquant    nobis,    quibus    ilia 

42  epulis  iucundiora  sunt.  Verum  non  ita  est.  Nam 
ubi  se  flagitiis  dedecoravere  turpissumi  viri,  bonorum 

43  praemia  ereptum  eunt.  Ita  iniustissume  luxuria  et 
ignavia  pessumae  artes,  illis  qui  coluere  eas  nihil 
officiunt,  rei  publicae  innoxiae  cladi  sunt. 

44  ^'  Nunc  quoniam  illis,  quantum  mei  mores,  non  illo- 
rum  flagitia  poscebant,  respondi,  pauca  de  re  publica 

45  loquar.  Primum  omnium  de  Numidia  bonum  habete 
animum,  Quirites.  Nam  quae  ad  hoc  tempus  lugur- 
tham  tutata  sunt,  omnia  removistis,  avaritiam,  im- 
peritiam  atque  superbiam.  Deinde  exercitus  ibi  est 
locorum  sciens,  sed  mehercule  magis  strenuus  quam 

46  felix.      Nam  magna  pars  eius  avaritia  aut  temeritate 

47  ducum  attrita  est.  Quam  ob  rem  vos,  quibus  mili- 
taris  aetas  est,  adnitimini  mecum  et  capessite  rem 
publicam  neque  quemquam  ex  calamitate  aliorum 
aut  imperatorum  superbia   metus   ceperit.     Egomet 


^  "  He  feels  it  an  injury  to  his  own  character  even  to  have 
to  speak  of  their  oftences."     Summers. 

320 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxxv.  39-47 

higher  wages  than  I  do  my  overseer.  This  I  gladly 
admits  fellow  citizens  ;  for  I  learned  from  my  father 
and  other  righteous  men  that  elegance  is  proper  to 
women  but  toil  to  men,  that  all  the  virtuous  ought  to 
have  more  fame  than  riches,  and  that  arms  and  not 
furniture  confer  honour. 

"  Well  then,  let  them  continue  to  do  what  pleases 
them  and  what  they  hold  dear ;  let  them  make  love 
and  drink ;  let  them  pass  their  old  age  where  they 
have  spent  their  youth,  in  banquets,  slaves  to  their 
belly  and  the  most  shameful  parts  of  their  body. 
Sweat,  dust,  and  all  such  things  let  them  leave 
to  us,  to  whom  they  are  sweeter  than  feasts. 
But  they  will  not ;  for  when  those  most  shameless  of 
men  have  disgraced  themselves  by  their  crimes,  they 
come  to  rob  the  virtuous  of  their  rewards.  Thus, 
most  unjustly,  their  luxury  and  sloth,  the  most 
abominable  of  faults,  in  no  wise  injure  those  who 
practise  them,  but  are  the  ruin  of  their  blameless 
country. 

"  Now  that  I  have  replied  to  them  to  the  ex- 
tent that  my  character — but  not  their  crimes — de- 
manded^ I  shall  say  a  few  words  about  our  coun- 
try. First  of  all,  be  of  good  cheer  as  to  Numidia, 
citizens  ;  for  you  have  put  away  everything  which 
up  to  this  time  has  protected  Jugurtha — avarice,  in- 
competence, and  arrogance.  Furthermore,  there  is 
an  army  in  Africa  familiar  with  the  country,  but  by 
heaven  !  more  valiant  than  fortunate  ;  for  a  great  part 
of  it  has  perished  through  the  greed  or  rashness  of  its 
leaders.  Therefore  do  you,  who  are  of  military  age, 
join  your  efforts  with  mine  and  serve  your  country, 
and  let  no  one  feel  fear  because  of  disasters  to  others 
or  the  arrogance  of  generals.      I,  Marius,  shall  be 

321 


SALLUST 


in  agmine   aut  in   proelio  consultor  idem  et  socius 
periculi  vobiscum  adero,  meque  vosque  in  omnibus 

48  rebus  iuxta  geram.  Et  profecto  dis  iuvantibus  omnia 
matura  sunt,  victoria,  praeda,  laus.  Quae  si  dubia 
aut  procul  essent,  tamen  omnis   bonos  rei  publicae 

49  subvenire  decebat.  Etenim  nemo  ignavia  immortalis 
factus  est  neque  quisquam  parens  liberis  uti  aeterni 
forent  optavit,  magis  uti  boni  honestique  vitam  exi- 

50  gerent.  Plura  dicerem,  Quirites,  si  timidis  virtutem 
verba     adderent.      Nam     strenuis    abunde     dictum 

puto." 

LXXXVI.  Huiuscemodi  oratione  habita  Marius, 
postquam  plebis  animos  arrectos  videt,  propere  com- 
meatu,  stipendio,  armis,  aliisque  utilibus  navis  onerat; 

2  cum  his  A.  Manlium  legatum  proficisci  iubet.  Ipse 
interea  milites  scribere,  non  more  maiorum  neque  ex 
classibus,  sed  uti  cuiusque  lubido  erat,  capite  censos 

3  plerosque.  Id  factum  alii  inopia  bonorum,  alii  per 
ambitionem  consulis  memorabant,  quod  ab  eo  genere 
celebratus  auctusque  erat,  et  homini  potentiam  quae- 
renti  egentissumus  quisque  opportunissumus,  cui 
neque  sua  cara,  quippe  quae  nulla  sunt,  et  omnia 

4  cum  pretio  honesta  videntur.  Igitur  Marius,  cum 
aliquanto  maiore  numero  quam  decretum  erat  in 
Africam  profectus,  paucis  diebus  Uticam  advehitur. 

1  That  is,  the  classes  said  to  have  been  established    by 
Servius  TuUiiis,  based   upon  property   qualihcations.      bee 

^'^The^!apite  cemi   were  those   below   the  lowest  Servian 

322 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  LXXXV.47-LXXXV1.4 

with  you  on  the  march  and  in  battle^  at  once  your 
counsellor  and  the  companion  of  your  dangers^  and  I 
shall  treat  myself  and  you  alike  in  all  respects.  And 
surely  with  the  help  of  the  gods  everything  is  ripe 
for  us — victory,  spoils,  glory ;  but  even  though  these 
were  uncertain  or  remote,  yet  all  good  men  ought  to 
fly  to  the  aid  of  their  fatherland.  Truly,  no  one  ever 
became  immortal  through  cowardice,  and  no  parent 
would  wish  for  his  children  that  they  might  live  for- 
ever, but  rather  that  their  lives  might  be  noble  and 
honoured.  I  would  say  more,  citizens,  if  words  could 
make  cowards  brave.  For  the  resolute  I  think  I 
have  spoken  abundantly." 

LXXXVI.  After  Marius  had  made  a  speech  in 
these  terms  and  saw  that  it  had  fired  the  spirits  of 
the  commons,  he  made  haste  to  load  his  ships  with 
provisions,  money,  arms,  and  other  necessities,  with 
which  he  bade  his  lieutenant  Aulus  Manlius  set  sail. 
He  himself  in  the  meantime  enrolled  soldiers,  not 
according  to  the  classes  ^  in  the  manner  of  our  fore- 
fathers, but  allowing  anyone  to  volunteer,  for  the 
most  part  the  proletariat. ^  Some  say  that  he  did 
this  through  lack  of  good  men,  others  because  of  a 
desire  to  curry  favour,  since  that  class  had  given  him 
honour  and  rank.  As  a  matter  of  fact,  to  one  who 
aspires  to  power  the  poorest  man  is  the  most  helpful, 
since  he  has  no  regard  for  his  property,  having  none, 
and  considers  anything  honourable  for  which  he 
receives  pay.  The  result  was  that  Marius  set  sail  for 
Africa  with  a  considerably  greater  contingent  than 
had  been  authorized.  A  few  days  later  he  arrived  at 
Utica,  where  the  army  was  handed  over  to  him  by  the 

class,  without  property  and  exempt  from  military  service. 
They  were  entered  on  the  censor's  list  only  as  regarded  their 
persons  {caput). 

323 
Y  2 


SALLUST 

5  Exercitus  ei  traditur  a  P.  Hutilio  legato.  Nam 
Metellus  conspectum  Mari  fugerat,  ne  videret  ea 
quae  audita  animus  tolerare  nequiverat. 

LXXXVII.  Sed  consul  ex^letis  legionibus  coliorti- 
busque  auxiliariis  in  agrum  fertilem  et  praeda  onus- 
tum  proficiscitur,  omnia  ibi  capta  militibus  donat, 
dein  castella  et  oppida  natura  et  viris  paruni  munita 
aggreditur,  proelia  multa,  ceterum  levia,  alia^  aliis 

2  locis  facere.  Interim  novi  milites  sine  metu  pugnae 
adesse,  videre  fugientis  capi  aut  occidi,  fortissumum 
quemque  tutissumum,  armis  libertatem  patriam 
parentesque  et  alia  omnia  tegi,  gloriam  atque  divi- 

3  tias  quaeri.  Sic  brevi  spatio  novi  veteresque  coaluere 
et  virtus  omnium  aequalis  facta. 

4  At  reges  ubi  de  adventu  Mari  cognoverunt,  divorsi 
in  locos  difficilis  abeunt.  Ita  lugurthae  placuerat 
speranti  mox  efFusos  hostis  invadi  posse,  Romanos 
sicuti  plerosque  remoto  metu  laxius  licentiusque 
futuros. 

LXXXVIII.    Metellus    interea    Romam    profectus 

contra    spem    suam    laetissumis    animis    accipitur,^ 

plebi  patribusque,  postquam  invidia  decesserat,  iuxta 

2  carus.     Sed  Marius  impigre  prudenterque  suorum  et 

hostium  res.  pariter  attendere,  cognoscere  quid  boni 

1  lovia  alia,  Ciacconius  ;  alia  levia,  mss. 

2  accipitur,  P  and  other  good  mss.;  some  good  mss.  have 
excipitur. 

1  c/.  Cat.  Ivi.  2. 
324 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,lxxxvi.  4-Lxxxviii.  2 

second  in  command^  Publius  Riitilius.  For  Metellus 
had  avoided  meeting  Marius^  that  he  might  not  see 
what  he  had  been  unable  even  to  hear  of  with 
composure.  , 

LXXXVn.  The  consul,  after  having  filled  up ^  the 
ranks  of  the  legions  and  the  cohorts  of  auxiliaries, 
marched  into  a  district  which  was  fertile  and  rich  in 
booty.  There  he  gave  to  the  soldiers  everything 
that  was  taken,  and  then  attacked  some  fortresses 
and  towns  not  well  defended  by  nature  or  by  garrisons, 
fighting  many  battles,  but  slight  ones  and  in  various 
places.  Meanwhile  the  raw  soldiers  learned  to  enter 
battle  fearlessly  and  saw  that  those  who  ran  awa}'^ 
were  either  taken  or  slain,  while  the  bravest  were 
the  safest ;  they  realized  that  it  was  by  arms  that 
liberty,  country,  parents,  and  all  else  were  protected, 
and  glory  and  riches  won.  Thus  in  a  short  time 
the  old  and  the  new  soldiers  were  assimilated  and 
all  became  equally  courageous. 

But  the  two  kings,  on  hearing  of  the  arrival  of 
Marius,  withdrew  each  to  a  different  place,  difficult 
of  access.  This  was  a  device  of  Jugurtha's,  who 
hoped  that  the  enemy  could  presently  be  divided  and 
attacked,  and  that  the  Romans,  like  most  soldiers, 
would  have  less  restraint  and  discipline  when  they 
feared  no  danger. 

LXXXVIII.  Metellus  meanwhile  returned  to 
Rome,  where,  contrary  to  his  expectation,  he  was 
received  with  great  rejoicing ;  for  the  feeling  against 
him  had  died  out  and  he  found  himself  popular  with 
people  and  senators  alike.  But  Marius  watched 
the  conduct  of  his  own  men  and  of  the  enemy 
alike  untiringly  and  sagaciously,  learned  what  was 
to   the    advantage    or   disadvantage    of    both    sides, 

325 


SALLUST 

utrisque  aut  contra  esset,  explorare  itinera  regum, 
consilia  et  insidias  eorum  antevenire,  nihil  apud  se 

3  remissum  neque  apud  illos  tutum  pati.  Itaque  et 
Gaetulos  et  lugurtham  ex  sociis  nostris  praedas 
agentis  saepe  aggressus  in  itinere  fuderat,  ipsumque 
regem  haud  procul  ab  oppido  Cirta  armis  exuerat. 

4  Quae  postquam  gloriosa  modo  neque  belli  patrandi 
cognovit,  statuit  urbis,  quae  viris  aut  loco  pro  liosti- 
bus  et  advorsum  se  opportunissumae  eraiit,  singulas 
circumvenire  ;  ita  lugurtham  aut  praesidiis  nudatum, 

6  si  ea  pateretur,  aut  proelio  certaturum.  Nam  Boc- 
chus    nuntios   ad    eum    saepe  miserat,   velle   populi 

6  Romani  amicitiam,  ne  quid  ab  se  hostile  timeret.  Id 
simulaveritne,  quo  improvisus  gravior  accideret^  an 
mobilitate  ingeni  pacem  atque  bellum  mutare  soli- 
tus^  parum  exploratum  est. 

LXXXIX.  Sed  consul,  uti  statuerat,  oppida  castel- 
laque  munita  adire,  partim  vi,  alia  metu  aut  praemia 

2  ostentando  avortere  ab  hostibus.  Ac  primo  medio- 
cria  gerebat;  existumans  lugurtham  ob  suos  tutandos 

3  in  manus  venturum.  Sed  ubi  ilium  procul  abesse 
et  aliis  negotiis  intentum  accepit,  maiora  et  magis 
aspera  aggredi  tempus  visum  est. 

4  Erat  inter  ingentis  solitudines  oppidum  magnum 
atque  valens  nomine  Ca])sa,  cuius  conditor  Hercules 
Libys  memorabatur.       l^^ius    cives    apud    lugurtham 


^  That  is,  his  troops  threw  away  their  arms  and  fled  in 
disorder, 

326 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,lxxxviii.  2-LXXXIX.4 

observed  the  movements  of  the  kings  and  anticipated 
their  plans  and  plots,  allowing  his  soldiers  no  relaxa- 
tion and  the  enemy  no  security.  He  made  frequent 
attacks  on  Jugurtha  and  the  Gaetulians  while  they 
were  plundering  our  alHes,  routing  them  and  compel- 
ling the  king  himself  to  throw  away  his  arms^  not  far 
from  the  town  of  Cirta.  But  when  he  found  that 
such  exploits  merely  brought  him  glory,  but  did  not 
tend  to  finish  the  war,  he  decided  to  invest  one  after 
the  other  the  cities  which  by  reason  of  their  garrison 
or  their  situation  were  most  serviceable  to  the  enemy 
and  most  detrimental  to  his  own  success.  In  that  way 
he  thought  that  Jugurtha  would  either  be  deprived 
of  his  defences,  if  he  made  no  opposition,  or  would  be 
forced  to  fight.  As  for  Bocchus,  he  had  sent  Marius 
frequent  messengers,  saying  that  he  desired  the 
friendship  of  the  Roman  people  and  bidding  Marius 
to  fear  no  hostile  act  on  his  part.  Whether  he 
feigned  this,  in  order  that  he  might  strike  an  unex- 
pected, and  therefore  a  heavier  blow,  or  from  natural 
instability  of  character  was  in  the  habit  of  wavering 
between  peace  and  war,  is  not  altogether  clear. 

LXXXIX.  But  the  consul,  as  he  had  planned,  ap- 
peared before  the  fortified  towns  and  strongholds, 
and  in  some  cases  by  force,  in  others  by  intimidation 
or  bribery,  took  them  from  the  enemy.  At  first  his 
attempts  were  modest,  since  he  thought  that  Jugurtha 
would  fight  in  defence  of  his  subjects.  But  when  he 
learned  that  the  king  was  far  off  and  intent  upon 
other  matters,  he  thought  the  time  ripe  for  under- 
taking greater  and  harder  tasks. 

There  was  in  the  midst  of  a  great  desert  a  large 
and  strong  town  called  Capsa,  whose  reputed  founder 
was  the  Libyan  Hercules.     Under  Jugurtha's  rule  its 

327 


SALLUST 

immunes,  levi  imperio  et  ob  ea  fidelissumi  habeban- 
tur,  muniti  advorsum  liostis  non  moenibus  modo  et 
armis  atque  viris,  verum  etiam  multo  magis  locoriim 

5  asperitate.  Nam  praeter  oppido  propinqua  alia  om- 
nia vasta,  inculta,  egentia  aquae,  infesta  serpentibus, 
quarum  vis  sicuti  omnium  ferarum  inopia  cibi  acrior. 
Ad  hoc  natura  serpentium  ipsa  perniciosa  siti  magis 

6  quam  alia  re  accenditur.  Eius  potiundi  Marium 
maxuma  cupido  invaserat,  cum  propter  usum  belli, 
tum  quia  res  aspera  videbatur  et  Metellus  oppidum 
Thalam  magna  gloria  ceperat,  baud  dissimiliter  situm 
munitumque,  nisi  quod  apud  Thalam  non  longe  a 
moenibus  aliquot  fontes  erant,  Capsenses  una  modo 
atque  ea  intra  oppidum  iugi  aqua,  cetera  pluvia  ute- 

7  bantur.  Id  ibique  et^  in  omni  Africa,  quae  procul  a 
mari  incultius  agebat,^  eo  facilius  tolerabatur,  quia 
Numidae  plerumque  lacte  et  ferina  carne  vesce- 
bantur  et  neque  salem  neque  alia  irritamenta  gulae 
quaerebant ;  cibus  illis  advorsus  famem  atque  sitim, 
non  lubidini  neque  luxuriae  erat. 

XC.  Igitur  consul,  omnibus  exploratis,  credo  dis 
fretus — nam  contra  tantas  difficultates  consilio  satis 
providere  non  poterat,  quippe  etiam  frumenti  inopia 
tem})tabatur,    quia    Numidae   pabulo    pecoris   magis 

1  id  ibique  et,  soine  good  mss. ;  id  ubique  et,  P  and  other 
good  mss.  {one  of  the  latter  Jias  idque)  ;  idque  ibi  ut, 
Jordan. 

2  quae  .  .  .  agebat,  P  and  other  good  inss.  (one  of  the  latter 
has  agebant  and  the  inferior  inss.  hare  agebatur).  (jua  .  .  . 
agebatur,  Linker  ;  qua  .  .  .  agebant,  Jordan. 

328 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  lxxxix.  4-xc.  i 

citizens  were  free  from  tribute  and  mildly  treated, 
and  were  therefore  counted  upon  as  most  loyal.  They 
were  protected  from  their  enemies  not  only  by  walls 
and  armed  men,  but  still  more  by  their  inaccessible 
position ;  for  except  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the 
town  the  whole  country  was  desolate,  wild,  without 
water,  and  infested  by  serpents,  whose  fierceness,  like 
that  of  all  wild  animals,  was  made  greater  by  scarcity 
of  food.  Moreover,  the  venom  of  serpents,  which  is 
alwaj'^s  deadly,  is  especially  aggravated  by  thirst. 
Marius  was  inspired  with  a  great  desire  of  taking  this 
town,  not  only  from  its  military  importance,  but 
also  because  the  undertaking  seemed  hazardous  and 
because  Metellus  had  gained  great  renown  by  the 
capture  of  Thala.  For  Thala  was  similar  in  its  situa- 
tion and  defences,  except  that  there  were  some  springs 
not  far  from  the  town,  whereas  the  people  of  Capsa 
had  but  one  flowing  spring,  which  was  within  the 
walls,  otherwise  depending  upon  rain  water.  This 
condition  was  the  more  readily  endured  there  and  in 
all  the  less  civilized  part  of  Africa  ^  remote  from  the 
sea,  since  the  Numidians  lived  for  the  most  part  on 
milk  and  game,  making  no  use  of  salt  and  other 
whets  to  the  appetite ;  for  in  their  opinion  the  pur- 
pose of  food  was  to  relieve  hunger  and  thirst,  not  to 
minister  to  caprice  and  luxury. 

XC.  The  consul  then,  after  reconnoitring  every- 
where, must  have  put  his  trust  in  the  gods  ;  for 
against  such  great  difficulties  he  could  not  make 
sufficient  provision  by  his  own  wisdom.  Indeed,  he 
was  even  threatened  with  scarcity  of  grain,  both 
because  the  Numidians  give  more  attention  to  grazing 

^  Quae,  referring  to  Africa,  is  used  for  the  people  ;  cf.  the 
use  of  civitas  in  cliap.  Iv. 

329 


SALLUST 

quam  arvo  student  et  quodcumque  natum  fuerat 
iussu  regis  in  loca  munita  contulerant,  ager  autem 
aridus  et  frugum  vacuos  ea  tempestate,  nam  aestatis 
extremum   erat — tamen    pro   rei    copia    satis    provi- 

2  denter  exornat :  pecus  omne  quod  superioribus  die- 
bus  praedae  fuerat  equitibus  auxiliariis  agunduin 
attribuit,  A.  Manlium  legatum  cum  cohortibus 
expeditis  ad  oppidum  Laris,  ubi  stipendium  et  com- 
meatum  locaverat,  ire  iubet  dicitque  se  praedabun- 

3  dum  post  paucos  dies  eodem  venturum.  Sic  incepto 
suo  occultato  pergit  ad  flumen  Tanain. 

XCI.  Ceterum  in  itinere  cotidie  pecus  exercitui 
per  centurias,  item  turmas  aequaliter  distribuerat  et 
ex  coriis  utres  uti  fierent  curabat,  simul  inopiam 
frumenti  lenire  et  ignaris  omnibus  parare^  quae  mox 
Usui  forent.     Denique  sexto  die,  cum  ad  flumen  ven- 

2  tum  est,  maxuma  vis  utrium  efFecta.  Ibi  castris  levi 
munimento  positis,  milites  cibum  capere  atque  uti 
simul  cum  occasu  solis  egrederentur  paratos  esse 
iubet ;  omnibus  sarcinis  abiectis  aqua  modo  seque  et 

3  iumenta  onerare.  Dein/  })ostquam  tempus  visum, 
castris  egreditur  noctemque  totam  itinere  facto  con- 
sedit.  Idem  proxuma  facit,  dein  tertia  multo  ante 
lucis  adventum  pervenit  in  locum  tumulosum  ab 
Capsa  non  amplius  duum  milium  intervallo,  ibique 
quam  occultissume  potest  cum  omnibus  copiis  ope- 

330 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xc.  i-xci.  3 

than  to  agriculture^  and  because  such  grain  as  there 
was  had  been  transported  by  the  king's  command  to 
fortified  places.  Moreover,  the  fields  were  dry  and 
stripped  of  their  crops  at  that  season,  for  it  was  the 
end  of  summer.  In  spite  of  these  difficulties,  Marius 
made  the  best  possible  provision  under  the  circum- 
stances. He  gave  all  the  cattle  which  had  been 
captured  on  previous  days  to  the  auxiliary  cavalry  to 
drive,  and  directed  his  lieutenant  Aulus  Manlius  to 
go  with  the  light-armed  cohorts  to  the  town  of  Laris, 
where  he  had  deposited  his  money  and  supplies, 
telling  him  that  a  few  days  later  he  would  himself 
come  to  the  same  place  to  forage.  Having  thus 
concealed  his  real  purpose,  he  proceeded  to  the 
river^  Tanais. 

XCI.  Now  every  day  during  the  march  Marius  had 
distributed  cattle  equally  among  the  centuries  and 
the  divisions  of  cavalry,  taking  care  that  bottles  for 
water  should  be  made  from  the  hides ;  thus  at  the 
same  time  he  made  good  the  lack  of  grain  and 
without  revealing  his  purpose  provided  something 
which  was  soon  to  be  useful.  When  they  finally 
reached  the  river  on  the  sixth  day,  a  great  quantity 
of  bottles  had  been  prepared.  Having  pitched  his 
camp  by  the  river  and  fortified  it  slightly,  he  ordered 
the  soldiers  to  eat  their  dinners  and  be  ready  to 
march  at  sunset,  throwing  aside  all  their  baggage  and 
loading  themselves  and  the  pack-animals  with  water 
only.  Then,  when  he  thought  the  proper  time  had 
come,  he  left  the  camp  and  marched  all  night  before 
halting.  He  did  the  same  thing  the  next  night,  and 
on  the  third  night  long  before  daybreak  he  came  to 
a  hilly  tract,  distant  not  more  than  two  miles  from 
Capsa.     There  he  waited  with  all  his  forces,  keeping 

331 


SALLUST 

4  ritiir.  Sed  ubi  dies  coepit  et  Numidae  nihil  hostile 
metuentes  multi  oppido  egressi,  repente  omnem 
equitatuni  et  cum  eis  velocissunios  pedites  cursu 
tendere  ad  Capsam  et  portas  obsidere  iubet.  Deinde 
ipse  intentus   propere  sequi  neque  milites  praedari 

5  sinere.  Quae  postquam  oppidani  cognovere,  res 
trepidae,  metus  ingens,  malum  improvisum,  ad  hoc 
pars  civium  extra  moenia  in  hostium  potestate  co- 

6  egere  uti  deditionem  facerent.  Ceterum  oppidum 
incensum,   Numidae    puberes    interfecti,   alii   omnes 

7  venumdati,  praeda  militibus  divisa.  Id  facinus  contra 
ius  belli  non  avaritia  neque  scelere  consulis  admis- 
sum,  sed  quia  locus  lugurthae  opportunus,  nobis 
aditu  difficilis,  genus  hominum  mobile,  infidum,  ante 
neque  benificio  neque  metu  coercitum. 

XCII.  Postquam  tantam  rem  peregit  ^  Marius  sine 
uUo  suorum  incommodo,  magnus  et  clarus  antea,  maior 
2  atque  clarior  haberi  coepit.  Omnia  non  bene  con- 
sul ta  in  virtu tem  trahebantur,  milites  modesto  imperio 
habiti  simul  et  locupletes  ad  caelum  ferre,  Numidae 
magis  quam  mortalem  timere,  postremo  omnes,  socii 
atque  hostes,  credere  illi  aut  mentem  divinam  esse 
aut  deorum  nutu  cuncta  portendi. 

*  peregit  is  found  in  only  a  few  mss. 


^  Summers  translates  modeato  imperio  "strictly,"  com- 
paring vii.  4.  The  two  passages,  however,  are  not  parallel, 
since  modesto  is  used  of  the  commander,  modestissufne  of  the 
subordinate. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xci.  3-xcii.  2 

as  much  in  concealment  as  possible.  When  day 
dawned  and  the  Numidians,  who  had  no  fear  of  an 
attack,  sallied  forth  in  large  numbers  from  the 
town,  he  suddenly  ordered  all  the  cavalry  and  with 
them  the  swiftest  of  the  foot-soldiers  to  hasten  at  the 
double-quick  to  Capsa  and  beset  the  gates.  Then  he 
himself  quickly  followed,  keeping  on  the  alert  and 
not  allowing  his  soldiers  to  plunder.  When  the 
townspeople  perceived  what  was  going  on,  their 
disorder,  their  great  panic,  their  unexpected  plight 
and  the  fact  that  a  part  of  their  fellow  citizens  were 
outside  the  walls  and  in  the  power  of  the  enemy, 
compelled  them  to  surrender.  But  nevertheless  the 
town  was  burned  and  the  adult  Numidians  put  to 
the  sword;  all  the  rest  were  sold  and  the  proceeds 
divided  among  the  soldiers.  The  consul  was  guilty 
of  this  violation  of  the  laws  of  war,  not  because  of 
avarice  or  cruelty,  but  because  the  place  was  of 
advantage  to  Jugurtha  and  difficult  of  access  for  us, 
while  the  people  were  fickle  and  untrustworthy  and 
had  previously  shown  themselves  amenable  neither 
to  kindness  nor  to  fear. 

XCH.  Marius  was  already  great  and  famous,  but 
after  he  had  won  this  important  success  without  loss 
to  his  own  men  he  began  to  be  regarded  as  gtill 
greater  and  more  famous.  All  his  rash  acts,  even 
when-  ill-advised,  were  regarded  as  proofs  of  his 
ability.  The  soldiers,  who  were  kept  under  mild 
discipline  ^  and  at  the  same  time  enriched,  extolled 
him  to  the  skies,  the  Numidians  feared  him  as  if  he 
were  more  than  mortal ;  all,  in  short,  friends  and 
enemies  alike,  believed  that  he  either  possessed 
divine  insight  or  that  everything  was  revealed  to  him 
by  the  favour  of  the  gods. 

333 


SALLUST 

3  Sed  consul,  ubi  ea  res  bene  evenit,  ad  alia  oppida 
pergit,  pauca  repugnantibus  Numidis  capit,  plura 
deserta  ^  propter  Capsensiuni  miserias  igni  cor- 
rumpit ;     luctu    atque    caede     omnia     complentur. 

4  Denique,  multis  locis  potitus  ac  plerisque  exercitu 
incruento_,  aliam  rem  aggreditur  non  eadem  asperi- 
tate  qua  Capsensiuni,  ceterum  baud  secus  difficilem. 

5  Namque  baud  longe  a  flumine  Muluccba,  quod 
lugurthae  Boccbique  regnum  diiungebat,  erat  inter 
ceteram  planitiem  mons  saxeus  mediocri  castello 
satis  patens,  in  immensum  editus  uno  perangusto 
aditu  relicto ;  nam  omnis  natura  velut  opere  atque 

6  consulto  praeceps.  Quem  locum  Marius,  quod  ibi 
regis  tbesauri  erant,  summa  vi  capere  intendit.     Sed 

7  ea  res  forte  quam  consilio  melius  gesta.  Nam 
castello  virorum  atque  armorum  satis  et  magna  vis 
frumenti  ^  et  fons  aquae ;  «,ggeribus  turribusque  et 
aliis  ^  macbinationibus  locus  importunus,  iter  castel- 
lanorum   angustum    admodum,  utrimque  praecisum. 

8  Vineae  cum  ingenti  periculo  frustra  agebantur.  Nam 
cum    eae    paulo    processerant,    igni    aut    lapidibus 

9  corrumpebantur,  milites  neque  pro  opere  consistere 
propter  iniquitatem  loci  neque  inter  vineas  sine 
periculo  administrare  ;  optumus  quisque  cadere 
aut  sauciari,  ceteris  metus  augeri. 

XCIII,   At  Marius,  multis  diebus  et  laboribus  con- 
sumptis,  anxius  trabere  cum  animo  suo  omitteretne 

*  deserta  is  found  in  only  a  few  of  the  inferior  mss. 
2  magna  vis  et  frumenti,  mss.',  et  magna  v.  f,,  Jordan. 
'  P  and  some  other  good  77iss.  have  altis. 

334 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xcii.  3-xciii.  i 

After  his  success  at  Capsa  the  consul  proceeded  to 
other  towns.  A  few  he  took  in  spite  of  the  resistance 
of  the  Numidians,  but  the  greater  number  were  aban- 
doned through  dread  of  the  wretched'  fate  of  Capsa, 
and  burned ;  all  Numidia  was  filled  with  bloodshed 
and  lamentation.  Finally,  after  capturing  many 
places,  for  the  most  part  without  loss  of  life,  he 
essayed  another  feat,  not  involving  the  same  danger 
as  the  taking  of  Capsa,  but  no  less  difficult. 

Not  far  from  the  river  Muluccha,  which  separated 
the  realms  of  Jugurtha  and  Bocchus,  there  was  in 
the  midst  of  a  plain  a  rocky  hill  which  was  broad 
enough  for  a  fortress  of  moderate  size  and  very 
high,  and  accessible  only  by  one  narrow  path  ;  for 
the  whole  place  was  naturally  steep,  as  if  it  had 
been  made  so  by  art  and  design.  This  place  Marius 
aimed  to  take  by  a  supreme  effort,  because  it  held  the 
king's  treasures,  but  in  this  case  his  success  was  the 
result  of  chance  rather  than  of  skill ;  for  the  fortress 
was  well  supplied  with  arms  and  men,  besides 
having  an  abundance  of  grain  and  a  spring  of  water. 
The  situation  was  impracticable  for  mounds,  towers, 
and  other  siege  works,  while  the  path  to  the  forti- 
fications was  extremely  narrow  and  had  precipices 
on  either  side.  Mantlets  were  pushed  forward  with 
extreme  danger  and  to  no  purpose ;  for  when  they 
had  gone  but  a  short  distance  they  were  ruined  by 
fire  or  by  stones.  The  soldiers  could  not  keep  their 
footing  before  the  works  because  of  the  steepness 
of  the  hill  nor  operate  within  the  mantlets  without 
peril ;  the  bravest  of  them  were  killed  or  wounded, 
and  the  rest  gradually  lost  courage. 

XCII  I.  After  Marius  had  spent  many  days  in 
great  labour,  he  was  anxiously  considering  whether 

335 


SALLUST 

inceptum,  quoniam  frustra  erat,  an  fortunam  opperi- 

2  retur,  qua  saepe  prospere  usus  fuerat.  Quae  cum 
multos  dies  noctisque  aestuans  agitaret,  forte  quidam 
Ligus  ex  cohortibus  auxiliariis  miles  gregarius,  castris 
aquatum  egressus  baud  procul  ab  latere  castelli  quod 
avorsum  proeliantibus  erat,  animum  advortit  inter 
saxa  repentis  cocleas ;  quarum  cum  unam  atque  al- 
teram, dein  plures  peteret,  studio  legundi  paulatim 

3  prope  ad  summum  montis  egressus  est.  Ubi  postquam 
solitudinem  intellexit,  more  ingeni   humani   cupido 

4  difficilia  faciundi  animum  adorta.  Et  forte  in  eo 
loco  grandis  ilex  coaluerat  inter  saxa^  paulum  modo 
prona,  deinde  inflexa  atque  aucta  in  altitudinem,  quo 
cuncta  gignentium  natura  fert.  Cuius  ramis  modo, 
modo  eminentibus  saxis  nisus,  Ligus  in  castelli 
planitiem    pervenit,   quod    cuncti    Numidae    intenti 

6  proeliantibus  aderant.  Exploratis  omnibus  quae  mox 
usui  fore  ducebat,  eadem  regreditur  non  temere,  uti 
adscenderat,  sed  temptans  omnia  et  circumspiciens. 

6  Itaque  Marium  propere  adit,  acta  edocet,  hortatur 
ab  ea  parte  qua  ipse  adscenderat  castellum  temptet, 
pollicetur  sese    itineris  periculique  ducem. 

7  Marius  cum  Ligure  promissa  eius  cognitum  ex 
praesentibus  misit,  quorum  uti  cuiusque  ingenium 
erat,  ita  rem  difficilem  aut  facilem  nuntiavere.     Con- 

8  sulis  animus  tamen  paulum  arrectus.  Itaque  ex 
copia  tubicinum  et  cornicinum  numero  quinque  quam 

^  On  which  the  fortress  was  situated. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xciii.  i-8 

he  should  abandon  the  attempt  as  fruitless  or  await 
the  favour  of  fortune^  which  he  had  so  often  enjoyed. 
For  many  days  and  nights  he  had  been  a  prey  to 
indecision,  when  it  chanced  that  a  Ligurian,  a 
common  soldier  of  the  auxiliary  cohorts,  who  had 
left  the  camp  to  fetch  water,  noticed  near  the  side 
of  the  fortress  which  was  farthest  from  the  besiegers 
some  snails  creeping  about  among  the  rocks.  Picking 
up  one  or  two  of  these  and  then  looking  for  more,  in 
his  eagerness  to  gather  them  he  gradually  made  his 
way  almost  to  the  top  of  the  mountain. ^  When  he 
found  that  he  was  alone  there,  the  love  of  overcoming 
difficulties  which  is  natural  to  mankind  seized  him. 
It  happened  that  a  great  oak  tree  had  grown  up 
there  among  the  rocks  ;  it  bent  downward  for  a  little 
way,  then  turned  and  grew  upward,  as  is  the  nature 
of  all  plants.  With  the  help,  now  of  the  branches  of 
this  tree  and  now  of  projecting  rocks,  the  Ligurian 
mounted  to  the  plateau  about  the  fortress,  while  all 
the  Numidians  were  intent  upon  the  combatants. 
After  examining  everything  that  he  thought  would  be 
useful  later,  he  returned  by  the  same  way,  not 
heedlessly,  as  he  had  gone  up,  but  testing  and 
observing  everything.  Then  he  hastened  to  Marius, 
told  him  what  he  had  done,  and  urged  him  to  make 
an  attempt  on  the  fortress  at  the  point  where  he 
himself  had  mounted,  offering  himself  as  a  guide  for 
the  ascent  and  leader  in  the  dangerous  undertaking. 
Marius  thereupon  ordered  some  of  his  staff  to  go 
with  the  Ligurian  and  look  into  his  proposal,  and  each 
of  them,  according  to  his  temperament,  pronounced 
the  attempt  difficult  or  easy ;  on  the  whole,  however, 
the  consul  was  somewhat  encouraged.  Accordingly, 
out  of  all  his  horn-blowers  and  trumpeters  he  chose 

337 


SALLUST 

velocissumos  delegit  et  cum  eis  praesidio  qui  forent 
quattuor  centuriones^^  omnisque  Liguri  parere  iubet 
et  ei  negotio  proxumum  diem  constituit. 

XCIV\  Sed  ubi  ex  praecepto  tempus  visum,  paratis 
compositisque  omnibus  ad  locum  pergit.  Ceterum 
illi,  qui  escensuri  ^  erant,  praedocti  ab  duce  arma 
ornatumque  mutaverant_,  capite  atque  pedibus  nudis, 
uti  prospectus  nisusque  per  saxa  facilius  foret ;  super 
terga  gladii  et  scuta,  verum  ea  Numidica  ex  coriis, 
ponderis  gratia  simul  et  oiFensaquo  levius  streperent. 

2  Igitur  praegrediens  Ligus  saxa  et  si  quae  vetustae 
radices  eminebant  laqueis  vinciebat,  quibus  allevati 
milites  facilius  escenderent,  interdum  timidos  in- 
solentia  itineris  levare  manu,  ubi  paulo  asperior 
ascensus  erat  singulos  prae  se  inermos  mittere, 
deinde  ipse  cum  illorum  armis  sequi,  quae  dubia  nisui 
videbantur  potissumus  temptare  ac  saepius  eadem 
ascendens   descendensque,    dein    statim    digrediens, 

3  ceteris  audaciam  addere.  Igitur  diu  multumque 
fatigati  tandem  in  castellum  perveniunt,  desertum 
ab  ea  parte,  quod  omnes  sicut  aliis  diebus  advorsum 
hostis  aderant. 


^  centuriones,  mss. ;  centuriatos,  Eussner. 

"^  qui  escensuri  eraut,  Carrio ;  qui  e  (ex)  centuriis  erant, 
P  and  the  inferior  viss. ;  some  of  the  better  mss.  have  (jui 
centuriis  (et  centuriae)  praeerant ;  others  have  qui  ascensuri 
erant,  mostly  written  over  the  other.  Frontinus  has  paucos 
centuriones,  quibus  perfectissimos  cum  velocissiinis  niilitibus 
aeneatores  imniiscuerat,  whence  Kritz  and  others  inserted 
niilitesque  after  quinque. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xciii.  8-xciv.  3 

the  five  who  were  most  agile,  and  with  them  four 
centurions  1  as  a  protection.  He  put  them  all  under 
command  of  the  Ligurian  and  set  the  next  day  for 
the  attempt. 

XCIV.  Now,  when  the  Ligurian  thought  the 
appointed  2  time  had  come,  he  made  all  his  pre- 
parations and  went  to  the  spot.  Those  who  were 
going  to  make  the  ascent,  following  the .  previous 
instructions  of  their  guide  had  changed  their 
arms  and  accoutrements,  baring  their  heads  and 
feet  so  as  to  be  able  to  see  better  and  climb 
among  the  rocks  more  easily.  They  carried  their 
swords  and  shields  on  their  backs,  but  took  Nu- 
midian  shields  of  hide,  because  they  were  lighter 
and  would  make  less  noise  when  struck.  Then  the 
Ligurian  led  the  way,  fastening  ropes  to  the  rocks  or 
to  old  projecting  roots,  in  order  that  with  such  help 
the  soldiers  might  more  easily  make  the  ascent. 
Sometimes  he  lent  a  hand  to  those  whom  the  unusual 
nature  of  the  route  alarmed,  and  where  the  ascent 
was  unusually  difficult,  he  would  send  men  ahead  one 
by  one  unarmed  and  then  follow  himself,  bringing  the 
arms.  He  was  first  to  try  the  places  which  it  seemed 
dangerous  to  attempt,  and  by  often  climbing  up  and 
returning  the  same  way,  and  then  at  once  stepping 
aside,  he  lent  courage  to  the  rest.  In  this  way,  after 
a  long  time  and  great  exertion,  they  at  last  reached 
the  fortress,  which  was  deserted  at  that  point  because 
all  the  men,  as  on  other  days,  were  face  to  face 
with  the  enemy. 

^  The  reading  and  the  sense  are  uncertain  ;  see  the  critical 
notes.  It  is  obvious  from  the  account  that  a  certain  number 
of  soldiers  accompanied  the  centurions. 

*  Namely,  the  time  which  he  had  arranged  with  Marius. 

339 
z  2 


SALLUST 

Marius  ubi  ex  nuntiis  quae  Ligus  egerat  cognovit, 
quamqiiam  toto  die  intentos  proelio  Numidas  liabu- 
erat,  turn  vero  cohortatus  milites  et  ipse  extra  viiieas 
egressus,  testudine  acta  succedere  et  simul  hostem 
tormentis  sagittariisque  et  funditoribus  eminus  ter- 

4  rere.  At  Numidae,  saepe  antea  vineis  Romanorum 
subvorsi?  item  incensis,  non  castelli  moenibiis  sese 
tutabantur,  sed  pro  niuro  dies  noctisque  agitare, 
male  dicere  Romanis  ac  Mario  vecordiam  obiectare, 
militibus  nostris  lugurthae  servitium  minari,  se- 
cundis  rebus  feroces  esse. 

5  Interim  omnibus  Romanis  hostibusque  proelio 
intentis,  magna  utrimque  vi  pro  gloria  atque  imperio 
his,  illis  pro  salute  certantibus,  repente  a  tergo  signa 
canere.  Ac  primo  mulieres  et  pueri,  qui  visum 
processerant,  fugere,  deinde  uti  quisque  muro  proxu- 

6  mus  erat,  postremo  cuncti  armati  inermesque.  Quod 
ubi  accidit,  eo  acrius  Romani  instare,  fundere  ac 
plerosque  tantum  modo  sauciare,  dein  super  occis- 
orum  corpora  vadere,  avidi  gloriae  certantes  murum 
petere  neque  quemquam  omnium  praeda  morari. 
Sic  forte  corrects  Mari  temeritas  gloriam  ex  culpa 
invenit. 

XCV.  Ceterum  dum  ea  res  geritur,  L.  Sulla 
quaestor  cum  magno   equitatu  in   castra  venit,  quos 


^  In  this  formation  the  soldiers  held  their  shields  above 
their  heads  in  such  a  way  that  they  overlapped  and  made  a 
continuous  covering. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xciv.  3-xcv.  i 

Marius  had  devoted  the  whole  day  to  keeping 
the  Numidians  intent  upon  the  battle  ;  but  as  soon 
as  he  heard  that  the  Ligurian  had  accomplished  his 
purpose,  he  began  to  urge  on  his  soldiers.  He  him- 
self went  outside  the  mantlets,  formed  the  tortoise- 
shed/  and  advanced  to  the  wall,  at  the  same  time 
trying  to  terrify  the  enemy  at  long  range  with  artillery, 
archers  and  slingers.  But  the  Numidians,  since  they 
had  often  before  overturned  the  mantlets  of  the 
enemy  and  set  fire  to  them,  no  longer  protected 
themselves  within  the  walls  of  the  fortress,  but  spent 
day  and  night  outside,  reviling  the  Romans  and  taunt- 
ing Marius  with  madness.  Emboldened  by  their  suc- 
cesses, they  threatened  our  soldiers  with  slavery  at 
the  hands  of  Jugurtha. 

In  the  meantime,  while  all  the  Romans  and  all  the 
enemy  were  intent  upon  the  conflict,  and  both  sides 
were  exerting  themselves  to  the  utmost,  the  one 
for  glory  and  dominion  and  the  other  for  safety, 
suddenly  the  trumpets  sounded  in  the  rear  of  the 
foe.  Then  the  women  and  children,  who  had  come 
out  to  look  on,  were  the  first  to  flee,  followed  by 
those  who  were  nearest  the  wall,  and  finally  by  all, 
armed  and  unarmed  alike.  Upon  this  the  Romans 
pressed  on  with  greater  vigour,  routing  the  enemy, 
but  for  the  most  part  only  wounding  them.  Then 
they  rushed  on  over  the  bodies  of  the  slain,  eager  for 
glory  and  each  striving  to  be  first  to  reach  the  wall ; 
not  one  stayed  to  plunder.  Thus  Marius's  rashness 
was  made  good  by  fortune  and  he  gained  glory 
through  an  error  in  judgment. 

XCV.  During  the  attack  on  the  fortress  the  quaes- 
tor Lucius  Sulla  arrived  in  camp  with  a  large  force  of 
horsemen  which  he  had  mustered  from  Latium  and 

341 


SALLUST 

uti  ex  Latio  et  a  sociis  cogeret   Romae  relictus  erat. 

2  Sed  quoniam  nos  tanti  viri  res  admonuit^  idoneum 
visum  est  de  natura  cultuque  eius  paucis  dicere. 
Neque  enim  alio  loco  de  Sullae  rebus  dicturi  sumus 
et  L.  Sisenna,  optume  et  diligentissume  omnium  qui 
eas  res  dixere  persecutus,  parum  mihi  libero  ore 
locutus  videtur. 

3  Igitur  Sulla  gentis  patriciae  nobilis  fuit^  familia 
prope  iam  extincta  maiorum  ignavia^  litteris  Graecis 
et  Latinis  iuxta  atque  doctissume  ^  eruditus^  animo 
ingenti,  cupidus  voluptatum  sed  gloriae  cupidior,  otio 
luxurioso  esse  ;  tamen  ab  negotiis  numquam  voluptas 
remorata^  nisi  quod  de  uxore  potuit  honestius  consuli ; 
facundus^  callidus^  et  amicitia  facilis  ;  ad  simulanda 
negotia  altitudo  ingeni  incredibilis;  multarum  rerum 

4  ac  maxume  pecuniae  largitor.  Atque  illi^  felicissumo 
omnium  ante  civilem  victoriam,  numquam  super 
industriam  fortuna  fuit,  multique  dubitavere  fortior 
an  felicior  esset.  Nam  postea  quae  fecerit^  incertum 
liabeo  pudeat  an  pigeat  magis  disserere. 

XCVI.  Igitur   Sulla^  uti   supra  dictum   est,   post- 

quam  in  Africam  atque  in  castra  Mari  cum  equitatu 

venit,  rudis    antea    et   ignarus   belli,  sollertissumus 

2  omnium  in  paucis  tempestatibus  factus  est.     Ad  hoc 

^  doctissume,  mss.;  doctissumi,  Jordan. 

*  A  younger  contemporary  of  Sulla  and  an  adherent  of  the 
aristocratic  party.  He  wrote  a  history  in  at  least  twenty- 
three  books,  from  the  beginning  of  the  Social  War  to  the  end 
of  the  Civil  War  of  Marias  and  Sulla,  preceded  by  a  brief 
sketch  of  the  early  history  of  Rome. 

342 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xcv.  i-xcvi.  2 

the  allies^  having  been  left  in  Rome  for  that  purpose. 
And  since  the  event  has  brought  that  great  man  to 
our  attention,  it  seems  fitting  to  say  a  few  words 
about  his  Ufe  and  character ;  for  we  shall  not  speak 
elsewhere  of  Sulla's  affairs,  and  Lucius  Sisenna^^ 
whose  account  of  him  is  altogether  the  best  and 
most  careful,  has  not,  in  my  opinion  spoken  with 
sufficient  frankness. 

Sulla,  then,  was  a  noble  of  patrician  descent,  of 
a  family  almost  reduced  to  obscurity  through  the 
degeneracy  of  his  ancestors.  He  was  well  versed 
alike  in  Grecian  and  Roman  letters,  of  remark- 
able mental  power,^  devoted  to  pleasure  but  more 
devoted  to  glory.  In  his  leisure  hours  he  lived  ex- 
travagantly, yet  pleasure  never  interfered  with  his 
duties,  except  that  his  conduct  as  a  husband  might 
have  been  more  honourable.  He  was  eloquent,  clever, 
and  quick  to  make  friends.  He  had  a  mind  deep 
beyond  belief  in  its  power  of  disguising  his  purposes, 
and  was  generous  with  many  things,  especially  with 
money.  Before  his  victory  in  the  civil  war  he  was 
the  most  fortunate  of  all  men,  but  his  fortune  was 
never  greater  than  his  deserts,  and  many  have  hesi- 
tated to  say  whether  his  bravery  or  his  good  luck 
was  the  greater.  As  to  what  he  did  later,  I  know 
not  if  one  should  speak  of  it  rather  with  shame  or 
with  sorrow, 

XCVI.  Now  Sulla,  as  I  have  already  said,  after 
he  came  with  his  cavalry  to  Africa  and  the  camp 
of  Marius,  although  he  was  without  previous  ex- 
perience and  untrained  in  war,  soon  became  the 
best  soldier  in  the  whole  army.     Moreover,  he  was 

2  c/.  Tac.  Ann.  1.  69.  2;  Sail.  Hist.  3.  91  Maur.^  ivgens 
virium  atque  animi  (of  Mithridates). 


SALLUST 

milites  benigne  appellare,  multis  rogantibus,  aliis  per 
se  ipse  dare  benificia,  invitus  accipere,  sed  ea  pro- 
perantius  quam  aes  mutuum  reddere,  ipse  ab  nullo 
repetere,  magis  id  laborare  ut  illi  quam  plurumi 
3  deberent ;  .ioca  atque  seria  cum  humillumis  agere,  in 
operibus,  in  agmine  atque  ad  vigilias  multus  adesse 
neque  interim^  quod  prava  ambitio  solet,  consulis  aut 
cuiusquam  boni  famam  laedere,  tantum  modo  neque 
consilio  neque  manu  priorem  alium  pati,  plerosque 
antevenire.  Quibus  rebus  et  artibus  brevi  Mario 
militibusque  carissumus  factus. 

XCVII.  At  lugurtha^  postquam  oppidum  Capsam 
aliosque  locos  munitos  et  sibi  utilis,  simul  et  magnam 
pecuniam  amiserat,  ad  Bocchum  nuntios  misit,  quam 
primum  in  Numidiam  copias  adduceret,  proeli  faciundi 

2  tempus  adesse,  Quem  ubi  cunctari  accepit  et 
dubium  belli  atque  pacis  rationes  trabere,  rursus  uti 
antea  proxumos  eius  donis  corrupit,  ipsique  Mauro 
pollicetur  Numidiae  partem  tertiam,  si  aut  Romani 
Africa  expulsi  aut  integris  suis   finibus  bellum   con- 

3  positum  foret.  Eo  praemio  illectus  Bocchus  cum 
magna  multitudine  lugurtham  accedit.  Ita  amborum 
exercitu  coniuncto,  Marium  iam  in  hiherna  proficis- 
centem  vix  decuma  parte  die  reliqua  invadunt,  rati 
noctem,  quae  iam  aderat,  et  victis  sibi  munimento 


^  cf.  Ovid,  Met.  3.  319,  agitasse  iocos.  Ioca  atque  seria 
is  formulaic  ;  see  Cic.  Fin.  2,  26.  85,  quicum  ioca  seria,  nt 
dicitur. 

344 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xcvi.  2-xcvii.  3 

courteous  in  his  language  to  the  soldiers,  granted 
favours  to  many  at  their  request  and  to  others  of 
his  own  accord,  unwilling  himself  to  accept  favours 
and  paying  them  more  promptly  than  a  debt  of 
money.  He  himself  never  asked  for  payment,  but 
rather  strove  to  have  as  many  men  as  possible  in 
his  debt.  He  talked  in  jest  or  earnest^  with  the 
humblest,  was  often  with  them  at  their  work,  on 
the  march,  and  on  guard  duty,  but  in  the  meantime 
did  not,  like  those  who  are  actuated  by  depraved 
ambition,  try  to  undermine  the  reputation  of  the 
consul  or  of  any  good  man.  His  only  effort  was  not 
to  suffer  anyone  to  outdo  him  in  counsel  or  in 
action,  and  as  a  matter  of  fact  he  surpassed  almost 
all.  Such  being  his  character  and  conduct,  he  was 
soon  greatly  beloved  by  both  Marius  and  the  soldiers. 
XCVn.  Now,  Jugurtha,  having  lost  Capsa  and 
other  fortified  places  which  were  helpful  to  his  cause, 
as  well  as  a  great  sum  of  money,  sent  messengers  to 
Bocchus,  urging  him  to  lead  his  troops  into  Numidia 
as  soon  as  possible,  since  the  time  for  a  battle  was  at 
hand.  But  when  he  learned  that  Bocchus  was 
hesitating  and  doubtfully  weighing  the  advantages  of 
peace  and  war,  he  once  more  bribed  the  king's 
intimates  with  gifts  and  promised  the  Moor  himself 
a  third  part  of  Numidia,  if  the  Romans  should  be 
driven  from  Africa  or  the  war  brought  to  a  close 
without  any  loss  of  his  own  territory.  Tempted  by 
this  prize,  Bocchus  joined  Jugurtha  with  a  great 
throng.  Then  the  kings  united  their  forces  and 
attacked  Marius  just  as  he  was  going  into  winter 
quarters,  when  scarcely  a  tenth  part  of  the  day  was 
left ;  for  they  thought  that  the  approaching  night 
would    be    a    protection    to    them    if    they    were 

345 


SALLUST 

fore  et,  si  vicissent  nuUo  impedimento^  quia  locorum 
scientes  erant,  contra   Romanis  utrumque  casum  in 

4  tenebris  difficiliorem  fore.  Igitur  simul  consul  ex 
multis  de  hostium  adventu  cognovit  et  ipsi  hostes  ad- 
erant,  et  priusquam  exercitus  aut  instrui  aut  sarcinas 
coUigere^  denique  antequam  signum  aut  imperium 
ullum  accipere  quivit,  equites  Mauri  atque  Gaetuli^ 
non  acie  neque  ullo  more  proeli  sed  catervatim,  uti 
quosque  fors  conglobaverat,  in  nostros  incurrunt. 

5  Qui  omnes  trepidi  improviso  metu  ac  tamen  virtutis 
memores  aut  arma  capiebant  aut  capientis  alios  ab 
hostibus  defensabant ;  pars  equos  ascendere,^  obviam 
ire  hostibus,  pugna  latrocinio  magis  quam  proelio 
similis  fieri,  sine  signis,  sine  ordinibus  equites  pedi- 
tesque  permixti  cedere  alii,  alii  ^  obtruncari,  multi  ^ 
contra  advorsos  acerrume  pugnantes  ab  tergo  cir- 
cumveniri  ;  neque  virtus  neque  arma  satis  tegere, 
quia  hostes  numero  plures  et  undique  circumfusi 
erant.  Denique  Romani  novi  veteresque  ^  et  ob  ea 
scientes  belli,  si  quos  locus  aut  casus  coniunxerat, 
orbis  fecere  atque  ita  ab  omnibus  partibus  simul  tecti 
et  instructi  hostium  vim  sustentabant. 

XCVIII.   Neque  in  eo  tam  aspero  negotio  Marius 
territus  aut  magis   quam  antea  demisso  animo   fuit, 

*  ascendere,  onss.;  escendere,  Arus.  7.  472.  12  k. 

2  alii  alii,  Linker  ;  alios  alios,  mss. ;  alius  alius,  Jordan. 

3  niuUi,   JJiel.<tch;  nuiltos,    P  and  some  good  mss.,  multa 
others. 

^  novi  veteresque,  WolJ/lin,  Goetz  ;  veteres  novique,  7nss, 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xcvii.  3-xcviii.  i 

unsuccessful  and  would  be  no  hindrance  if  they 
conquered^  because  of  their  familiarity  with  the 
region;  while  to  the  Romans  darkness  would  be  more 
dangerous  in  either  victory  or  defeat.  Then^  at  the 
very  moment  that  the  consul  learned  from  many 
of  his  scouts  of  the  coming  of  the  enemy,  the  foe 
themselves  appeared,  and  before  the  army  could 
be  drawn  up  or  the  baggage  piled,  in  fact  before 
any  signal  or  order  could  be  given,  the  Moorish  and 
Gaetulian  cavalry  fell  upon  the  Romans,  not  in  order 
or  with  any  plan  of  battle  but  in  swarms,  just  as 
chance  had  brought  them  together. 

Our  men  were  all  bewildered  by  the  unlooked  for 
danger,  but  nevertheless  did  not  forget  their  valour. 
Some  took  arms,  while  others  kept  off  the  enemy 
from  their  comrades  who  were  arming ;  a  part 
mounted  their  horses  and  charged  the  foe.  The 
combat  was  more  like  an  attack  of  brigands  than  a 
battle.  Without  standards  and  in  disorder,  horse 
and  foot  massed  together,  some  gave  ground,  others 
slew  their  opponents ;  many  who  were  bravely 
fighting  against  their  adversaries  were  surrounded 
from  the  rear.  Valour  and  arms  were  no  sufficient 
protection  against  a  foe  who  were  superior  in  numbers 
and  attacked  on  every  side.  At  last  the  Romans, 
both  the  raw  recruits  and  the  veterans  (who  as  such 
were  skilled  in  warfare),  if  the  nature  of  the  ground 
or  chance  brought  any  of  them  together,  formed  a 
circle,  thus  at  once  protecting  themselves  on  every 
side  and  presenting  an  orderly  front  to  the  attacks 
of  the  enemy. 

XCVIII.  In  so  dangerous  a  crisis  Marius  was 
neither  frightened  nor  less  confident  than  before, 
but  with   his  bodyguard   of  cavalry,  which   he  had 

347 


SALLUST 

sed  cum  turma  sua^  quam  ex  fortissumis  magis  quam 
familiarissumis  paraverat,  vagari  passim  ac  modo 
laborantibus  suis  succurrere,  modo  hostis,  ubi  con- 
fertissumi  obstiterant,  invadere  ;  manu  consulere 
militibuSj  quoniam  imperare  conturbatis  omnibus  non 

2  poterat.  lamque  dies  consumptus  erat,  cum  tamen 
barbari  nihil  remittere  atque,  uti  reges  praeceperant, 

3  noctem  pro  se  rati^  acrius  instare.  Tum  Marius  ex 
copia  re  rum  consilium  trahit,  atque  uti  suis  receptui 
locus  esset^  collis  duos  propinquos  inter  se  occupat, 
quorum  in  uno,  castris  parum  amplo,  fons  aquae  mag- 
nus  eratj  alter  usui  opportunus^  quia  magna  parte 
editus    et   praeceps    pauca   munimenta   quaerebat.^ 

4  Ceterum  apud  aquam  Sullam  cum  equitibus  noctem 
agitare  iubet,  ipse  paulatim  dispersos  milites  neque 
minus  hostibus  conturbatis  in  unum  contrahit,  dein 

5  cunctos  pleno  gradu  in  collem  subducit.  Ita  reges 
loci  difficultate  coacti  proelio  deterrentur,  neque 
tamen  suos  longius  abire  sinunt,  sed  utroque  colle 
multitudine  circumdato  effusi  consedere. 

6  Dein,  crebris  ignibus  factis,  plerumque  noctis  bar- 
bari more  suo  laetari_,  exultare,  strepere  vocibus  et 
ipsi  duces  feroces,  quia  non  fugerant,  pro  victoribus 

7  agere.  Sed  ea  cuncta  Romanis  ex  tenebris  et  edi- 
tioril)us  locis  facilia  visu  magnoque  hortamento 
erant. 

^  quaerebat,  the  reading  of  (he,  inferior  mss.  P  and  xome 
of  the  better  cod/cesji n in'  g;i! I'lutjftut^^ others  gerebat  avff 
regebat.  /^^"J  0^   ^^^, 

348       rS^      ^    ^^ 

L^   (        8T,    MICHAEL'S 
"^V  COLLEGE  > 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xcviii.  1-7 

formed  of  the  bravest  soldiers  rather  than  of  his 
most  intimate  friends,  he  went  from  place  to  place, 
now  succouring  those  of  his  men  who  were  in 
difficulty,  now  charging  the  enemy  where  they  were 
pressing  on  in  greatest  numbers.  He  directed  the 
soldiers  by  gestures,  since  in  the  general  confusion 
his  orders  could  not  be  heard.  And  now  the  day 
was  spent,  yet  the  barbarians  did  not  at  all  relax 
their  efforts,  but  thinking  that  darkness  would  favour 
them,  as  the  kings  had  declared,  they  attacked  with 
greater  vigour.  Then  Marius,  adapting  his  tactics  to 
the  situation  and  wishing  to  provide  a  place  of  refuge 
for  his  men,  took  possession  of  two  neighbouring 
hills,  one  of  which  was  too  small  for  a  camp  but  had 
a  large  spring  of  water,  while  the  other  was  adapted 
to  his  purpose  because  it  was  for  the  most  part  high 
and  steep  and  required  little  fortification.  But  he 
ordered  Sulla  to  pass  the  night  with  the  cavalry 
btside  the  spring,  while  he  himself  gradually  rallied 
his  scattered  forces  and  the  enemy  were  in  no  less 
disorder,  and  then  led  them  all  at  the  double  quick 
to  the  hill.  Thus  the  kings  were  compelled  by  the 
strength  of  his  position  to  cease  from  battle.  How- 
ever, they  did  not  allow  their  men  to  go  far  away, 
but  encompassing  both  hills  with  their  huge  army, 
they  bivouacked  in  loose  order. 

Then,  after  building  many  fires,  the  barbarians,  as 
is  their  usual  habit,  spent  the  greater  part  of  the 
night  in  rejoicing,  in  exultation  and  in  noisy  demon- 
strations, while  even  their  leaders,  who  were  filled 
with  confidence  because  they  had  not  been  put  to 
flight,  acted  as  if  they  were  victorious.  Now,  all  this 
was  clearly  visible  to  the  Romans  from  their  higher 
position  in  the  darkness  and  encouraged  them  greatly. 

349 


SALLUST 

XCIX.  Plurumum  vero  Marias  imperitia  hostium 
confirmatus^  quam  niaxumum  silentium  haberi  iubet, 
ne  signa  qiiidem^  uti  per  vigilias  solebant,  canere. 
Deinde,  ubi  lux  adventabat,  defessis  iam  hostibus  ac 
paulo  ante  somno  captis,  de  improviso  vigiles^^  item 
cohortium,  turmarum^  legionum  tubicines  simul  omnis 
signa  canere,  milites  clamorem  tollere  atque   portis 

2  erumpere  iubet.  Mauri  atque  Gaetuli_,  ignoto  et 
horribili  sonitu  repente  exciti,  neque  fugere  neque 
arma   capere    neque    omnino    facere    aut    providere 

3  quicquam  poterant  ;  ita  cunctos  strepitu,  clamore, 
nullo  subveniente,  nostris  instantibus,  tumultu, 
formidine,  terrore  quasi  vecordia  ceperat.^  Denique 
omnes  fusi  fugatique,  arma  et  signa  militaria  plera- 
que  capta,  pluresque  eo  proelio  quam  omnibus 
superioribus  interempti.  Nam  somno  et  metu  insoljto 
impedita  fuga. 

C.  Dein  Marius,  uti  coeperat,  in  hiberna  pro- 
fieiscitur,  nam^  propter  commeatum  in  oppidis 
maritumis  agere  decreverat.  Neque  tamen  victoria 
socors  aut  insolens  factus,  sed  pariter  atque  in 
conspectu     hostium     quadrato      agmine      incedere. 

^  vigiles,  CorU  ;  vectigalis,  mss. 
'  P  and  some  other  good  mss.  hai^e  acceperat. 
*  The  best  mss.  omit  proficiscitur  and  nam.     The  Latter  was 
supplied  by  Nipperdey. 

^  cf.   Livy  7.  35.    1  :    ubi  secxindae  vigiliae  bucina  datum 
signum  esset  .... 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  xcix.  i-c.  i 

XCIX.  Marius,  who  was  particularly  heartened  by 
tlie  enemy's  lack  of  discipline,  ordered  the  utmost 
possible  silence  to  be  kept  and  not  even  the  customary 
signals  to  be  sounded  to  mark  the  night  watches.^ 
Then,  as  daylight  was  drawing  near  and  the  enemy 
having  at  length  become  exhausted  had  just  yielded 
to  sleep,  on  a  sudden  he  ordered  the  watch  and  at 
the  same  time  the  horn-blowers  of  the  cohorts,^  of 
the  divisions  of  cavalry  and  of  the  legions  to  sound 
the  signal  together,  and  the  soldiers  to  raise  a  shout 
and  burst  forth  from  the  gates  of  their  camp.  The 
Moors  and  Gaetulians,  being  suddenly  awakened  by 
the  strange  and  terrible  sound,  could  not  flee,  arm 
themselves,  or  do  or  provide  for  anything  at  all ; 
into  such  a  panic,  all  but  frenzy,  were  they  thrown 
by  the  clash  of  arms,  the  shouting,  the  lack  of  help, 
the  charge  of  our  men,  the  confusion  and  terror. 
To  make  a  long  story  short,  they  were  all  routed 
and  put  to  flight,  the  greater  number  of  their  arms 
and  military  standards  were  taken,  and  in  that  one 
battle  more  of  the  enemy  fell  than  in  all  those  that 
had  gone  before ;  for  sleep  and  the  unlooked-for 
danger  hampered  flight. 

C.  Then  Marius  proceeded,  as  he  had  been  about 
to  do,  to  his  winter  quarters,  for  he  had  decided 
to  winter  in  the  coast  towns  for  the  sake  of  sup- 
plies. His  victory,  however,  did  not  make  him 
careless  or  over-confident,  but  he  advanced  in 
square    formation,^  as    though    he    were    under  the 

^  When  contrasted  with  the  legions,  as  here,  "cohort" 
refers  to  the  auxiliary  troops. 

'  That  is,  with  the  baggage  in  the  centre,  surrounded  by 
the  heavy-armed  troops,  and  with  front,  rear,  and  flanks 
protected  by  cavalry  and  light-armed  soldiers. 

3SI 


SALLUST 

2  Sulla  cum  equitatu  apud  dextumos^^  in  sinistra 
parte  A.  Manlius  cum  funditoribus  et  sagittariis^ 
praeterea  cohortis  Ligurum  curabat.  Primos  et 
extremes  cum    expeditis    manipulis    tribunes    loca- 

3  verat.  Perfugae,  minume  cari  et  region um  scientis- 
sumi,  hostium  iter  explorabant.  Simul  consul  quasi 
nuUo  imposito  omnia  providere^  apud  omnis  adesse, 

4  laudare  et  increpare  merentis.  Ipse  armatus  inten- 
tusque  item  milites  cogebat.  Neque  secusatque  iter 
facere,  castra  munire,  excubitum  in  porta  cohortis 
ex  legionibus,  pro  castris'equites  auxiliaries  mittere, 
praeterea  alios  super  vallum  in  munimentis  locare, 
vigilias  ipse  circumire,  non  tam  diffidentia  futurum 
quae    imperavisset,    quam    uti    militibus    exaequatus 

5  cum  imperatore  labor  volentibus  esset.  Et  sane 
Marius  illoque  aliisque  temporibus  lugurthini  belli 
pudore  magis  quam  malo  exercitum  coercebat. 
Quod  multi  per  ambitionem  fieri  aiebant- ;  a  pueritia 
consuetam  duritiam,  et  alia,  quae  ceteri  miserias 
vocant,    voluptati    habuisse ;  nisi  tamen  res  publica 

^  P  and  some  good  mss.  have  apud  extremos  :  P^,  other 
good  mss.  and  Priscian  2.  98.  14  k  have  apud  dextimos. 

*  aiebant :  a  pueritia,  etc.  Eussner;  aiebant  pars  a  pueritia 
'  .  .  .  habuisse,  Dictsch  ;  aiebant  (^uod  a  pueritia  .  .  .  habuisse, 
P;  aiebant  quod  a  pueritia  habuisset,  other  good  mss.  {A 
few  have  pars  quo  after  quod.) 

1  cf.  Ter.  Adelph.  69  : 

Malo  coactus  qui  suom  ojicium/acit, 
dum  id  rescitum  iri  credit,  tantisper  pavet. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  c.  2-5 

eyes  of  the  enemy.  Sulla  had  charge  of  the  right, 
together  with  the  cavalry,  on  the  left  was  Aulus 
Manlius  with  the  slingers,  the  archers  and  the 
cohorts  of  Ligurians,  while  in  front  and  in  the  rear 
Marius  had  stationed  the  tribunes  with  the  light- 
armed  companies.  The  deserters,  who  were  least 
esteemed  and  best  acquainted  with  the  region, 
reconnoitred  the  enemy's  line  of  march.  At  the 
same  time  the  consul  was  as  careful  as  if  he  had  no 
officers,  looking  out  for  everything,  being  everywhere 
present,  and  distributing  praise  or  blame  where  each 
was  deserved.  He  himself  was  armed  and  alert,  and 
he  compelled  the  soldiers  to  follow  his  example. 
With  the  same  care  that  he  showed  in  making  his 
march  he  fortified  his  camp,  sent  cohorts  from  the 
legions  to  keep  ward  at  the  gate  and  the  auxiliary 
cavalry  to  perform  the  like  duty  before  the  camp, 
and  in  addition  stationed  others  on  the  ramparts 
above  the  palisade.  He  personally  inspected  the 
guards,  not  so  much  because  he  feared  that  his 
orders  .would  not  be  executed,  as  to  make  the 
soldiers  willing  to  endure  labour  of  which  their 
commander  did  his  full  share.  Obviously  Marius  at 
that  time,  and  at  other  times  during  the  war  with 
Jugurtha  controlled  his  army  rather  by  appealing  to 
their  sense  of  shame  than  by  punishment.^  Many 
said  that  he  did  this  through  a  desire  for  popularity ; 
that  2  he  himself  took  pleasure  in  hardship,  to  which 
he  had  been  accustomed  from  childhood,  and  in 
other  things  which  the  rest  of  mankind  call  afflic- 
tions.    But  at  all  events,  its  service  to  our  country  ^ 

^  The  meaning  and  the  text  are  uncertain  ;  see  the  critical 
note. 

*  cf.  Caes.  Bell.  Civ.  1.  7.  7  :  hortatur  cuius  imperatoris 
duct  It  viiii  annis  rem  puldicam  felicissime  gesserint  .  .  .  ut  eius 
existimationem  ah  inimicis  defendant. 

353 

A    A 


SALLUST 

pariter    ac    saevissumo    imperio    bene  atque    decore 
gesta. 

CI.  Igitur  quarto  denique  die  hand  longe  ab  oppido 
Cirta  undique  simul  speculatores  citi  sese  osteiidunt, 

2  qua  re  hostis  adesse  intellegitur.  Sed  quia  divorsi  re- 
deuntes  alius  ab  alia  parte  atque  omnes  idem  significa- 
bant_,  consul  incertus  quonani  modo  aciem  instrueret^ 
nuUo    ordine    commutato,  advorsum    omnia    paratus 

3  ibidem  opperitur.  Ita  lugurtham  spes  frustrata,  qui 
copias  in  quattuor  partis  distribuerat^  ratus  ex  omni- 
bus    aeque     aliquos    ab    tergo    hostibus     ventures. 

4  Interim  Sulla,  quem  primum  hostes  attigerant, 
cohortatus  suos  turmatim  et  quam  maxume  confertis 
equis  ipse  aliique  Mauros  invadunt_,  ceteri  in  loco 
manentes  ab  iaculis  eminus  emissis  corpora  tegere,  et 

5  si  qui  in  manus  venerant,  obtruncare.  Dum  eo  modo 
equites  proeliantur,  Bocchus  cum  peditibus,  quos 
Volux  filius  eius  adduxerat  neque  in  priore^  pugna 
in  itinere  morati  afFuerant,  postremam   Romanorum 

6  aciem  invadunt.  Tum  Marius  apud  primos  agebat,^ 
quod  ibi  lugurtha  cum  plurumis  erat.  Dein  Numida 
cognito  Bocchi  adventu  clain  cum  paucis  ad  pedites 
convortit,  Ibi  Latine— nam  ai)ud  Numantiam  loqui 
didicerat — exclamat  nostros  frustra  pugnare,  paulo 
ante  Marium  sua  manu  interfectum.     Simul  gladium 

^  P  and  other  good  mss.  have  erat. 

^  That  is,  Jugurtha  secretly  left  the  van,  where  he  was 
leading  his  cavalry  against  Marius,  and  went  back  to  the 
rear  where  liocchiis  and  his  infantry  were  attacking  the 
Romans  from  behind. 

354 


I 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  c.  5-ci.  6 

was  as  great  and  as  glorious  as  it  could  have  been 
with  the  severest  discipline. 

CI.  Finally  on  the  fourth  day_,  when  they  were  not 
far  from  the  town  of  Cirta^  the  scouts  quickly  ap- 
peared from  all  sides  at  once,  showing  that  the 
enemy  were  at  hand.  But  since  the  different  parties, 
though  returning  from  various  quarters,  all  made  the 
same  report,  the  consul  was  in  doubt  what  order  of 
battle  to  take ;  he  therefore  waited  where  he  was, 
without  changing  his  formation,  but  prepared  for  any 
emergency.  In  this  way  he  disappointed  Jugurtha, 
who  had  made  four  divisions  of  his  troops,  in  the  ex- 
pectation that  if  they  attacked  from  all  quarters 
alike,  some  of  them  at  least  would  take  the  Romans 
in  the  rear.  Meanwhile  Sulla,  whom  the  enemy 
had  reached  first,  after  encouraging  his  men  at- 
tacked the  Moors  with  a  part  of  his  force,  charging 
by  squadrons  and  in  as  close  order  as  possible  ; 
the  rest  of  his  troops  held  their  ground,  protect- 
ing themselves  from  the  javelins  which  were  hurled 
at  long  range,  and  slaying  all  who  succeeded  in 
reaching  them.  While  the  cavalry  were  fighting 
thus,  Bocchus  with  the  infantry  brought  by  his  son 
Volux,  which  had  been  delayed  on  the  way  and  had 
not  taken  part  in  the  former  battle,  charged  the 
Roman  rear.  Marius  at  the  time  was  busy  with  the 
van,  since  Jugurtha  was  there  with  the  greater  part 
of  his  forces.  Then  the  Numidian,  on  learning  of  the 
arrival  of  Bocchus,  made  his  way  secretly  with  a  few 
followers  to  the  king's  infantry.^  When  he  reached 
them,  he  cried  out  in  Latin  (for  he  had  learned  to 
speak  the  language  at  Numantia)  that  our  men  were 
fighting  in  vain,  since  he  had  a  short  time  before  slain 
Marius  with  his  own  hand.     And  with  these  words 

355 

A    A    2 


SALLUST 

sanguine    oblitum   ostendere,  queni  in    pugna    satis 

7  impigre  occiso  pedite  nostro  cruentaverat.  Quod  ubi 
milites  accepere^  magis  atrocitate  rei  quam  fide 
nuntii  terrentur,  simulque  barbari  animos  tollere  et 

8  in  perculsos  Romanos  acrius  incedere.  lamque 
paulum  a  fuga  aberant,  cum  SuUa^  profligatis  eis 
quos     advorsum    ierat,    rediens    ab    latere    Mauris 

9  incurrit.  Bocchus  statim  avortitur.  At  lugurtha, 
dum  sustentare  suos  et  prope  iam  adeptam  victoriain 
retinere  cupit,  circumventus  ab  equitibus,  dextra, 
sinistra    omnibus    occisis,    solus    inter    tela    hostium 

10  vitabundus  erumpit.  Atque  interim  Marius  fugatis 
equitibus     accurrit     auxilio     suis,     quos     pelli     iam 

11  acceperat.  Denique  hostes  iam  undique  fusi.  Tum 
spectaculum  horribile  in  campis  patentibus  :  sequi, 
fugere^  occidi,  capi^  equi  atque  viri  afflicti,  ac  multi 
volneribus  acceptis  neque  fugere  posse  neque  quietem 
pati,  niti  modo  ac  statim  concidere^  postremo  omnia, 
qua  visus  erat,  constrata  telis,  armis,  cadaveribus_,  et 
inter  ea  humus  infecta  sanguine. 

CII.  Post  ea  loci  consul  baud  dubie  iam  victor 
pervenit  in  oppidum  Cirtam,  quo  initio  profectus 
2  intenderat.  Eo  post  diem  quintum  quam  iterum 
barbari  male  pugnaverant  legati  a  Boccho  veniunt^ 
qui  regis  verbis  ab  Mario  petivere,  duos  quam  fidissu- 
mos  ad  eum  mitteret :  velle   de  suo  ^  et  de   populi 

^  Some  good  mss.  hare  se. 

^  Some  take  pedite  as  collective,  but  i^alis  iwpigre  seems  to 
be  sarcastic. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  ci.  6-cii.  2 

he  displayed  a  sword  smeared  with  bloody  which 
he  had  made  gory  during  the  battle  by  valiantly 
slaying  one  of  our  foot-soldiers.^  When  our  men 
heard  this,  they  were  shocked  rather  by  the  horror 
of  the  deed  than  because  they  believed  the  report, 
while  at  the  same  time  the  barbarians  were  en- 
couraged and  charged  upon  the  appalled  Romans  with 
greater  vigour.  And  our  men  were  just  on  the  point 
of  flight,  when  Sulla,  who  had  routed  his  opponents, 
returned  and  fell  upon  the  flank  of  the  Moors. 
Bocchus  at  once  gave  way.  As  for  Jugurtha,  while 
he  was  trying  to  hold  his  men  and  grasp  the  victory 
which  he  had  all  but  won,  he  was  surrounded  by  the 
cavalry  ;  but  though  all  on  his  right  and  left  were 
slain,  he  broke  through  alone,  escaping  amid  a  shower 
of  hostile  weapons.  Marius  in  the  meantime,  after 
putting  the  cavalry  to  flight,  was  hastening  to  the 
aid  of  his  men,  of  whose  imminent  defeat  he  had 
now  heard.  Finally  the  enemy  were  everywhere 
routed.  Then  there  was  a  fearful  sight  in  the  open 
plains — pursuing,  fleeing,  killing,  capturing,  horses 
and  men  dashed  to  the  ground,  many  of  the  wounded 
unable  either  to  flee  or  remain  quiet,  now  making 
an  effort  to  rise  and  at  once  collapsing ;  in  short, 
wherever  the  eye  could  reach,  the  ground  was 
soaked  in  blood  and  strewn  with  weapons,  arms, 
and  corpses. 

Cn.  After  this  the  consul,  now  beyond  all  question 
victor,  came  to  th^  town  of  Cirta,  which  had  been 
his  destination  from  the  first.  Thitlier  came  envoys 
from  Bocchus  five  days  after  the  second  defeat  of  the 
barbarians,  to  ask  of  Marius  in  the  king's  name  that 
he  should  send  him  two  of  his  most  trusty  officers  ; 
they  said  that  Bocchus  wished  to  confer  with  them 

357 


SALLUST 

3  Ilomani  commodo  cum  eis  disserere,  Ille  statim  L. 
Sullam  et  A.  Manlium  ire  iubet.  Qui  quamquam  ac- 
citi  ibant,  tamen  placuit  verba  apud  regem  facere : 
ingenium  aut  avorsum  flecterent  aut  cupidum  pacis 

4  vehementius  accenderent.  Itaque  Sulla,  cuius  facun- 
diae,  non  aetati  a  Manlio  concessum,  pauca  verba 
huiuscemodi  locutus. 

5  ^^  Rex  Bocche,  magna  laetitia  nobis  est,  cum  te 
talem  virum  di  monuere  uti  aliquando  pacem  quam 
bellum  malles,  neu  te  optumum  cum  pessumo  om- 
nium lugurtha  miscendo  commaculares,  simul  nobis 
demeres    acerbam    necessitudinem,    pariter     te    er- 

6  rantem  atque  ilium  sceleratissumum  persequi.  Ad 
hoc  populo  Romano  iam  a  principio  imperii  melius 
visum   amicos  quam  servos   quaerere,  tutiusque  rati 

7  volentibus  quam  coactis  imperitare.  Tibi  vero  nulla 
opportunior  nostra  amicitia,  primum  quia  procul  ab- 
sumus,  in  quo  ofFensae  minumum,  gratia  par  ac  si 
prope  adessemus  ;  dein,  quia  parentis  abunde  habe- 
mus,  amicorum  neque  nobis  neque  cuiquam  omnium 

8  satis  fuit.  Atque  hoc  utinam  a  principio  tibi  placuis- 
set ;  profecto  ex  populo  Romano  ad  hoc  tempus 
multo  plura  bona  accepisses,  quam  mala  perpessus  es.^ 

9  Sed    quoniam    humanarum  rerum    fortuna  pleraque 

^  inmperi,  Selling  ;  inopi,  mss.,  deleted  by  Kritz. 
^  The  best  qtiss.  have  esses. 


^  They  had  been  suinmoned  to  hear  tlie   king's  proposal, 
not  to  speak. 


358 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  cii.  2-9 

about  his  own  interests  and  those  of  the  Roman 
people.  Marius  immediately  selected  Lucius  Sulla 
and  Aulus  Manlius^  and  they^  although  they  had  been 
sent  for  by  the  king,i  decided  to  address  him^  with 
the  view  of  changing  his  purpose,  if  unfavourable, 
or  of  making  him  more  eager  for  peace  if  he  already 
desired  it.  Therefore  Sulla,  to  whom  Manlius  gave 
place,  not  because  of  his  years,  but  because  of  his 
eloquence,  spoke  briefly  to  the  following  purport : 

"  King  Bocchus,  it  gives  us  much  joy  that  the 
gods  have  led  you,  so  great  a  man,  at  last  to  prefer 
peace  to  war ;  to  refuse  to  contaminate  yourself,  one 
of  the  best  of  men,  by  association  with  Jugurtha, 
the  very  worst ;  and  at  the  same  time  to  relieve 
us  of  the  bitter  necessity  of  meting  out  the  same 
treatment  to  your  error  and  to  his  crimes.  I  may 
add  that  the  Roman  people  from  the  beginning  of 
their  rule  have  preferred  to  seek  friends  rather  than 
slaves,  and  have  thought  it  safer  to  govern  by  consent 
than  by  compulsion.  For  you,  indeed,  no  friendship 
is  more  desirable  than  ours  :  first,  because  we  are  at 
a  distance  from  you,  a  condition  which  offers  less 
friction  than  if  we  were  near  at  hand,  with  no  less 
power  '^ ;  and  secondly,  because  we  already  have 
more  than  enough  subjects,  while  neither  we  nor 
anyone  else  ever  had  friends  enough.  I  only  wish 
that  you  had  felt  thus  disposed  from  the  first !  In 
that  event,  the  favours  which  by  this  time  you 
would  have  received  from  the  Roman  people  would 
far  outnumber  the  misfortunes  which  you  have  suf- 
fered. But  since  Fortune  has  the  chief  control  of 
human  destiny,  and  since  it  seems  to  have  been  her 

'^  That  is,  "our  alliance  will  be  as  powerful  as  if  we  were 
nearer  neighbours." 

359 


SALLUST 

regit^  cui  scilicet  placuit  et  vim  et  gratiam  nostram  te 
experirij  nunc  qiiando  per  illam  licet,  festina  atqiie 

10  lit    coepisti  perge.      Malta  atque   opportuna   babes, 

11  quo  facilius  errata  officiis  superes.  Postremo  boc  in 
pectus  tuuni  demitte,  numquam  populum  Romanum 
benificiis  victum  esse.  Nam  bello  quid  valeat  tute 
scis." 

12  Ad  ea  Boccbus  placide  et  benigne,  simul  pauca 
pro  delicto  suo  verba  facit  :  se  non  hostili  animo,  sed 

13  ob  regnum  tutandum  arma  cepisse.  Nam  Numidiae 
partem  unde  vi  lugurtbam  expulerit  iure  belli  suam 
factam.  Eam  vastari  a  Mario  pati  nequivisse.  Prae- 
terea    missis    antea     Romam    legatis    repulsum    ab 

14  amicitia.     Ceterum  vetera  omittere,  ac  tum,^  si  per 

15  Marium  liceret,  legatos  ad  senatum  missurum.  Dein_, 
copia  facta,  animus  barbari  ab  amicis  flexus,  quos 
lugurtba,  cog^iita  legatione  Sullae  et  Manli,  metuens 
id  quod  parabatur,  donis  corruperat. 

cm.  Marius  interea,  exercitu  in  bibernaculis  com- 
posito,  cum  expeditis  cohortibus  et  parte  equitatus 
proficiscitur  in  loca  sola  obsessum  turrim  regiara,  quo 
lugurtha  perfugas  omnis  praesidium  imposuerat. 
2  Turn  rursus  Bocchus,  seu  reputando  quae  sibi  duobus 
proeliis  venerant  seu  admonitus  ab  aliis  amicis,  quos 
incorruptos  lugurtha  reliquerat,  ex  omni  copia 
necessariorum    quinque  ^    delegit,    quorum    et    fides 

^  actutum,  Jordan. 

'  P  and  the  other  better  mss.  omit  from  quinque  to  et  rata, 
cxii.  3. 

'  Returning  to  the  plans  mentioned  in  cii.  2. 
360 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  cii.  9-ciii.  2 

pleasure  that  you  should  experience  both  our  power 
and  our  kindness,  make  haste  now  that  she  allows  it 
and  follow  the  course  which  you  have  begun.  You 
have  many  opportunities  easily  to  atone  for  your 
mistakes  by  good  offices.  Finally,  let  this  thought 
sink  into  your  heart,  that  the  Roman  people  has 
never  been  outdone  in  kindness ;  its  prowess  in  war 
you  know  by  experience." 

To  these  words  Bocchus  made  a  conciliatory  and 
courteous  reply,  at  the  same  time  offering  a  brief 
defence  of  his  conduct,  declaring  that  he  had  taken 
arms,  not  in  a  spirit  of  hostility,  but  to  protect  his 
kingdom  ;  for  the  part  of  Numidia  from  which  he 
had  driven  Jugurtha,  he  said,  was  his  by  right  of  con- 
quest and  he  could  not  allow  it  to  be  laid  waste  by 
Marius.  Furthermore,  he  had  previously  sent  envoys 
to  Rome,  but  his  friendship  had  been  rejected.  He 
waived  the  past,  however,  and  if  Marius  would  allow 
him,  he  would  again  send  ambassadors  to  the  senate. 
But  after  the  consul  had  granted  his  request,  the 
barbarian's  purpose  was  changed  by  some  of  his 
friends,  whom  Jugurtha  had  bribed;  for  he  knew  of 
the  embassy  of  Sulla  and  Manlius  and  feared  its 
effects. 

Cni.  Meanwhile  Marius,  having  settled  his  army 
in  winter  quarters,  went  with  the  light-armed  cohorts 
and  a  part  of  the  cavalry  into  the  desert,  in  order  to 
besiege  a  stronghold  of  the  king,  which  Jugurtha  had 
garrisoned  with  all  the  deserters.  Then  Bocchus 
again,^  led  either  by  the  recollection  of  what  had 
happened  to  him  in  two  battles  or  by  the  warnings  of 
other  friends  of  his  whom  Jugurtha  had  failed  to 
bribe,  chose  out  of  the  whole  body  of  his  relatives  five 
of  those  whom  he  knew  to   be  faithful  and  of  pre- 

361 


SALLUST 

3  cognita  et  ingenia  validissuma  erant.  Eos  ad 
Marium  ac  deinde,  si  placeat,  Romam  legates  ire 
iubet ;  agundarum  rerum  et  quocumque  modo  belli 

4  compoMundi  licentiam  ipsis  permittit.  Illi  mature 
ad  hiberiia  Romanorum  proficiscuntur  ;  deinde  in 
itinere  a  Gaetulis  latronibus  circumventi  spoliatique, 
pavidi  sine  decore  ad  SuUam  perfugiunt^  quem 
consul    in    expeditionem    proficiscens    pro    praetore 

5  reliquerat.  Eos  ille  non  pro  vanis  hostibus,  uti 
meriti  erant,  sed  accurate  ac  liberaliter  habuit. 
Qua  re  barbari  et  famam  Romanorum  avaritae 
falsam  et  Sullam  ob  munificentiam  in  sese  amicum 

6  rati.  Nam  etiam  tum  largitio  multis  ignota  erat ; 
munificus  nemo  putabatur  nisi  pariter  volens,  dona 

7  omnia  in  benignitate  habebantur.  Igitur  quaestori 
mandata  Bocchi  patefaciunt  ;  simul  ab  eo  petunt  uti 
fautor  consultorque  sibi  adsit ;  copias,  fidem,  magni- 
tudinem  regis  sui  et  alia,  quae  aut  utilia  aut  bene- 
volentia  ^  esse  credebant,  oratione  extollunt.  Dein 
Sulla  omnia  poUicito,  docti  quo  modo  apud  Marium, 
item  apud  senatum  verba  facerent,  circiter  dies 
quadraginta  ibidem  opperiuntur. 

CIV,  Marius  postquam  confecto  quo  intenderat 
negotio  Cirtam  redit  '^  et  de  adventu  legatorum 
certior  factus  est,  illosque  et  Sullam  ab  Tucca  ^  venire 
iubet,  item  L.  Bellienum  praetorem  Utica,  praeterea 

1  benevolentia,  AL\  benevolentiae,  F  \  beuevolentiain, 
SP. 

'  postciuam  confecto  .  .  .  redit,  AFLPS  (cui,  L  ;  Cirtha, 
F  \  rediit,  /-*)  ;  ubi  infecto,  (juod,  some  codd. 

'  ab  Tucca,  F ;  ab  Tiica,  S  ;  alD  Utica,  ALP. 

362 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  cm.  2-civ.  i 

eminent  ability.  These  he  ordered  to  go  as  envoys 
to  Marius  and  then,  if  it  seemed  advisable,  to  Rome, 
giving  them  complete  freedom  of  action  and  permis- 
sion to  make  peace  on  any  terms.  These  envoys  left 
betimes  for  the  Roman  winter  quarters,  but  on  the 
way  they  were  set  upon  and  robbed  by  Gaetulian 
brigands  and  fled  in  terror  and  disgrace  to  Sulla, 
whom  the  consul  had  left  in  command  when  begin- 
ning his  expedition.  Sulla  did  not  treat  them  as 
liars  and  enemies,  as  he  might  well  have  done,^  but 
received  them  with  a  sympathy  and  generosity  which 
led  the  barbarians  to  think  that  the  Romans'  reputa- 
tion for  avarice  was  unmerited  and  that  Sulla  because 
of  his  liberality  towards  them  was  really  their  friend. 
For  even  then  many  men  did  not  know  the  sig- 
nificance of  largess ;  no  one  who  was  generous  was 
suspected  of  insincerity,  and  all  gifts  were  regarded 
as  indications  of  kind  feeling.  Therefore  they  con- 
fided to  the  quaestor  what  Bocchus  had  ordered  and 
at  the  same  time  begged  him  to  help  them  with  his 
favour  and  advice.  They  exaggerated  the  wealth, 
integrity  and  might  of  their  sovereign  and  everything 
else  which  they  thought  would  help  them  or  ensure 
kind  treatment.  Then,  after  Sulla  had  promised  to 
do  all  that  they  asked  and  had  instructed  them  how 
to  address  Marius  and  the  senate,  they  tarried  with 
him  about  forty  days.^ 

CIV.  After  finishing  the  task  which  he  had  set 
himself,  Marius  returned  to  Cirta.  There  being  in- 
formed of  the  arrival  of  the  envoys,  he  ordered  them 
to  come  from  Tucca  with  Sulla ;  he  also  summoned 
Lucius  Bellienus  the  praetor  from  Utica,  as  well  as 

*  Their  appearance  belied  the  assertion  that  they  were 
envoys  of  the  king. 

2  Apparently  waiting  for  Marius  to  return. 

363 


SALLUST 

omnis  undique  senatorii  ordinis  ;  quibuscum  mandata 

2  Bocchi  cognoscit.  In  quis^  legatis  potestas  Romam 
eundi  fieret  ^  ab  consule^  iriterea  indutiae  postula- 
bantur.  Ea  Sullae  et  plerisque  placuere ;  pauci 
ferocius  decernunt^  scilicet  ignari  humanarum  rerum, 
quae  fluxae  et  mobiles  semper  in  advorsa  mutantur. 

3  Ceterum    Mauri,   impetratis    omnibus    rebus,  tres 
Romam  profecti  cum  Cn.  Octavio  Rusone,  qui  quaes- 
tor stipendium  in  Africam  portaverat,  duo  ad  regem  - 
redeunt.     Ex  eis  Bocchus  cum  cetera,  turn  maxume 
benignitatem    et    studium     Sullae    lubens    accepit. 

4  Romaeque  legatis  eius,  postquam  errasse  regem  et 
lugurthae  scelere  lapsum  deprecati  sunt,  amicitiam  et 

5  foedus  petentibus  hoc  modo  respondetur  :  "  Senatus 
et  populus  Romanus  benefici  et  iniuriae  memor  esse 
solet.  Ceterum  Boccho,  quoniam  paenitet,  delicti 
gratiam  facit ;  foedus  et  amicitia  dabuntur,  cum 
meruerit." 

CV.  Quis  rebus  cognitis,  Bocchus  per  litteras  a 
Mario  petivit^  uti  Sullam  ad  se  mitteret,  cuius 
2  arbitratu  communibus  ^  negotiis  consuleretur.  Is 
missus  cum  praesidio  equitum  atque  funditorum^ 
Balearum ;  praeterea  iere  sagittarii  et  cohors  Pae- 
ligna  cum  velitaribus  armis,  itineris  properandi  causa, 
neque  his  secus  atque  aliis  armis  advorsum  tela 
hostium,  quod  ea  levia  sunt,  muniti. 

^  In  quis,  APS  ;  omitted  by  F  and  afeAo  others. 
'^  fieret   ab,   Dietsch,     Wirz ;    fit  et    ab    (a   AP)   consule, 
AFLPS.  *  petivit,  AFLPS;  somemss.  reac?  petiverat. 

*  de  communibus,  F  and  a  few  other  mss. 

*  atque  peditum  funditorum  AFLPS ;  some  codices  insert 
item  he/ore  funditorum. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  civ.  i-cv.  2 

every  member  of  the  senatorial  order  to  be  found 
in  all  parts  of  the  province.  In  consultation  with 
these  men  he  considered  the  proposals  of  Bocchus. 
Among  these  proposals  the  consul  was  asked  to  give 
the  envoys  permission  to  go  to  Rome^  and  in  the 
meantime  a  truce  was  requested.  This  met  the 
approval  of  the  majority,  including  Sulla ;  a  few 
hot-heads  were  for  rejecting  them,  doubtless  un- 
aware that  human  affairs,  which  are  shifting  and 
unstable,  are  always  changing  for  better  or  worse. 
.  Now  when  the  Moors  had  obtained  everything 
that  they  desired,  three  of  them  departed  for  Rome 
with  Gnaeus  Octavius  Ruso,  the  quaestor  who  had 
brought  the  soldiers'  pay  to  Africa,  while  two  re- 
turned to  the  king.  Bocchus  heard  the  report  of 
the  latter  with  joy,  especially  the  friendly  interest 
of  Sulla.  And  at  Rome  his  envoys,  after  urging  in 
excuse  that  their  king  had  made  a  mistake  and  been 
led  astray  by  the  wickedness  of  Jugurtha,  asked  for 
a  treaty  of  friendship  and  received  this  reply:  "The 
Senate  and  People  of  Rome  are  wont  to  remember 
both  a  benefit,  and  an  injury.  But  since  Bocchus 
repents,  they  forgive  his  offence ;  he  shall  have  a 
treaty  of  friendship  when  he  has  earned  it." 

CV,  Upon  receiving  news  of  this,  Bocchus  wrote 
to  Marius  to  send  Sulla  to  him  with  power  to  adjust 
their  common  interests.  He  was  accordingly  sent 
with  a  guard  of  horsemen  and  Balearic  slingers,  also 
taking  with  him  the  archers  and  a  cohort  of  Paelig- 
nians,  who  wore  light  armour  for  the  sake  of  speed 
and  because  they  were  as  well  protected  by  this  as 
by  any  other  armour  against  the  weapons  of  the 
enemy,  which  are  also  light. 


365 


SALLUST 

3  Sed  in  itinera  quinto  denique  die  Voliix,  filius 
Bocchi,  repente  in  campis  patentibus  cum  mille  non 
amplius  equitibus  sese  ostendit,  qui  temere  et  effuse 
euntes    Sullae    aliisque    omnibus    et    numerum    am- 

4  pliorem  vero  et  hostilem  metum  efficiebant.  Igitur 
se  quisque  expedire^  arma  atque  tela  temptare, 
intendere;  timor  aliquantus,  sed  spes  amplior,  quippe 
victoribus    et    advorsum    eos    quos    saepe    vicerant. 

5  Interim  equites  exploratum  praemissi  rem,  uti  erat, 
quietam  nuntiant. 

CVI.  Volux  adveniens  quaestorem  appellat  dicit- 
que  se  a  patre  Boccho  obviam  illis  simul  et  praesidio 
missum.     Deinde  eum  et  proxumum  diem  sine  metu 

2  coniuncti  eunt.  Post,  ubi  castra  locata  et  diei  vesper 
erat,  repente  Maurus  incerto  voltu  pavens  ad  Sullam 
accurrit  dicitque  sibi  ex  speculatoribus  cognitum 
lugurtham  baud  proeul  abesse ;  simul  uti  noctu  clam 

3  secum  profugeret  rogat  atque  hortatur.  II le  animo 
feroci  negat  se  totiens  fusum  Numidam  pertimescere  : 
virtuti  suorum  satis  credere ;  etiamsi  certa  pestis 
adesset,  mansurum  potius  quam,  proditis  quos  duce- 
bat,  turpi  fuga  incertae  ac  forsitan  post  paulo  morbo 

4  interiturae  vitae  parceret.  Ceterum  ab  eodem  moni- 
tus  uti  noctu  proficiscerentur,  consilium  approbat  ac 

366 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  cv.  3-cvi.  4 

On  the  fifth  day  of  their  march  Volux,  the  son  of 
Bocchus_,  suddenly  appeared  in  the  open  plains  with 
not  more  than  a  thousand  horsemen ;  but  since  they 
were  riding  in  disorder  and  widely  scattered^  t'ley 
seemed  to  Sulla  and  all  the  rest  much  more  numerous 
and  excited  fear  of  an  attack.  Therefore  each  man 
prepared  himself,  tried  his  arms  and  weapons^  and 
was  on  the  alert  ;  there  was  some  anxiety,  but 
greater  confidence,  as  was  natural  to  victors  in  the 
presence  of  those  whom  they  had  often  vanquished. 
Meanwhile  the  horsemen  who  had  been  sent  to 
reconnoitre  announced  that  the  intentions  of  the 
newcomers  were  peaceful,  as  in  fact  they  were. 

CVI.  When  he  came  up,  Volux  addressed  the 
quaestor,  saying  that  he  had  been  sent  by  his  father 
Bocchus  to  meet  them  and  act  as  their  escort.  Then 
they  went  on  in  company  that  day  and  the  next 
without  any  cause  for  alarm.  Later  in  the  day, 
when  the  camp  was  pitched  and  evening  came  on, 
the  Moor  on  a  sudden  with  a  troubled  countenance 
ran  in  terror  to  Sulla  and  said  that  he  had  learned 
from  his  scouts  that  Jugurtha  was  not  far  off;  at  the 
same  time  he  begged  and  implored  Sulla  to  make  his 
escape  with  him  secretly  during  the  night.  But  the 
Roman  boldly  declared  that  he  did  not  fear  the 
Numidian  whom  he  had  so  often  routed  and  that 
he  had  absolute  trust  in  the  valour  of  his  men  ;  he 
added  that  even  if  inevitable  destruction  threatened, 
he  would  rather  stand  his  ground  than  betray  the 
men  under  his  command,  and  by  cowardly  flight  save 
a  life  that  he  might  perhaps  be  fated  soon  to  lose 
from  natural  causes.  When,  however,  Volux  recom- 
mended that  they  continue  their  march  during  the 
night,  he  approved  the  plan,  ordered  the    soldiers 

367 


SALLUST 

statim  milites  cenatos  esse,  in  castris  ignis  quani 
creberrumos  fieri,  dein  prima  vigilia  silentio  egredi 
iubet. 

5  lamque  nocturno  itinere  fessis  omnibus,  Sulla 
pariter  cum  ortu  solis  castra  metabatur,  cum  equites 
Mauri    nuntiant    lugurtham    circiter    duum    milium 

6  intervallo  ante  eos  consedisse.  Quod  postquam 
auditum  est,  turn  vero  ingens  metus  nostros  invadit  ; 
credere  se  proditos  a  Voluce  et  insidiis  circumventos. 
Ac  fuere  qui  dicerent  manu  vindicandum  neque 
apud  illurii  tantum  scelus  inultum  relinquendum. 

CVII.  At  Sulla,  quamquam  eadem  existumabat, 
tamen  ab  iniuria  Maurum  prohibet.  Suos  hortatur 
uti  fortem  animum  gererent :  saepe  antea  a  paucis 
strenuis  advorsum  multitudinem  bene  pugnatum ; 
quanto  sibi  in  proelio  minus  pepercissent,  tanto 
tutiores  fore,  nee  quemquam  decere,  qui  manus 
armaverit,  ab  inermis  pedibus  auxilium  petere,  in 
maxumo  metu  nudum   et  caecum  corpus   ad  hostis 

2  vortere.  Dein  Volucem,  quoniam  hostilia  faceret, 
lovem  maxumum  obtestatus,  ut  sceleris  atque  per- 
fidiae   Bocchi  testis   adesset,  ex  castris  abire  iubet. 

3  Ille  lacrumans  orare  ne  ea  crederet  :  nihil  dolo 
factum,  ac  magis  calliditate  lugurthae,  cui  videlicet 

4  speculanti  iter  suum  cognitum  esset.  Ceterum 
quoniam  neque  ingentem  multitudinem  haberet  et 
spes  opesque  eius  ex  patre  suo  penderent,  credere 
ilium   nihil    palam    ausurum,  cum    ipse    filius    testis 

5  adesset.     Qua  re  oj)tumum   factu  videri   per  media 

^  cf.  Xen.  Gyrop.  3.  3.  45. 
368 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  cvi.  4-cvii.  5 

to  have  their  dinners  at  once,  to  build  as  many  fires 
in  the  camp  as  possible,  and  at  the  first  watch  to 
withdraw  in  silence. 

And  now,  when  all  were  wearied  from  the  night 
march,  Sulla  was  measuring  off  his  camp  at  sunrise, 
when  suddenly  the  Moorish  horsemen  reported  that 
Jugurtha  was  encamped  about  two  miles  in  advance 
of  them.  Upon  hearing  this,  the  Romans  were  at 
last  seized  with  great  fear ;  they  believed  that  they 
had  been  betrayed  by  Volux  and  led  into  a  trap. 
Some  said  that  he  ought  to  be  put  to  death  and  not 
allowed  to  escape  the  penalty  of  such  a  crime. 

CVn.  Although  Sulla  shared  this  opinion,  he  for- 
bade them  to  harm  the  Moor.  He  urged  his  men 
to  keep  a  stout  heart,  saying  that  often  before  a 
handful  of  valiant  soldiers  had  worsted  a  multitude. 
The  less  they  spared  themselves  in  the  fight  the 
safer  they  would  be.  It  was  not  seemly  for  any  man 
who  had  weapons  in  his  hands  to  resort  to  the  help 
of  his  unarmed  feet  and  in  time  of  great  fear  to  turn 
towards  the  enemy  the  defenceless  and  blind  part  of 
his  body.i  Then  calling  upon  great  Jupiter  to  witness 
the  crime  and  perfidy  of  Bocchus,  he  ordered  Volux 
to  quit  the  camp,  since  he  was  playing  a  hostile  part. 
The  young  man  begged  Sulla  with  tears  not  to  believe 
such  a  thing  ;  he  insisted  that  the  situation  was  due 
to  no  treachery  on  his  part,  but  to  the  cunning  of 
Jugurtha,  who  had  evidently  learned  from  spies  of 
their  expedition.  But  since  the  Numidian  had  no 
great  force  and  all  his  hopes  and  resources  depended 
upon  Bocchus,  Volux  was  sure,  he  said,  that  he  would 
venture  upon  no  open  attempt  when  the  king's  son 
was  present  as  a  witness.  He  therefore  advised 
that  they  should  march  fearlessly  through  the  midst 

369 

•  B     B 


SALLUST 

eius   castra  palam  transire  ;  sese,  vel  praemissis  vel 
ibidem  relictis  Mauris,  solum  cum  Sulla  iturum. 

6  Ea  res  uti  in  taii  negotio  probata ;  ac  statim  pro- 
fecti,    quia    de    improviso    acciderant,    dubio    atque 

7  haesitante  lugurtha  incolumes  transeunt.  Deinde 
paueis  diebus  quo  ire  intenderant  perventum  est. 

CVIII.  Ibi  cum  Boccho  Numida  quidam  Aspar 
nomine  multum  et  familiariter  agebat,  praemissus  ab 
lugurtha,  postquam  Sullam  accitum  audierat,  orator 
et  subdole  speculatum  Bocchi  consilia  ;  praeterea 
Dabar  Massugradae  filius,  ex  gente  Masinissae, 
ceterum  materno  genere  impar — nam  pater  eius  ex 
concubina  ortus  erat — Mauro  ob  ingeni  multa  bona 

2  carus  acceptusque.  Quem  Bocchus  fidum  esse 
Romanis  multis  ante  tempestatibus  expertus,  ilico  ad 
Sullam  nuntiatum  mittit  paratum  sese  facere  quae 
populus  Romanus  vellet  :  colloquio  diem,  locum, 
tempus  ipse  delegeret,  neu  lugurthae  legatum  per- 
timesceret ;  consulto  sese  omnia  cum  illo  Integra 
habere,  quo  res  communis  licentius  gereretur  ;  nam 
ab  insidiis  eius  aliter  caveri  nequivisse. 

3  Sed  ego  comperior  Bocchum  magis  Punica  fide 
quam  ob  ea  quae  praedicabat  simul  Romanum  et 
Numidam  spe  pacis  attinuisse  multumque  cum  animo 
suo  volvere  solitum,  lugurtham  Romanis  an  illi  Sullam 
traderet ;  lubidinem  advorsum  nos,  metum  pro  nobis 
suasisse. 

^  Except  by  receiving  Jugurtha's  envoy  and  pretending 
friendship  with  the  king.  Text  and  meaning  are  somewhat 
uncertain. 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  cvii.  5-cviii.  3 

of  Jugurtha's  camp ;  he  said  that  he  himself  would 
accompany  Sulla  alone^  whether  his  Moors  were  sent 
ahead  or  left  behind. 

This  plan  seemed  the  best  possible  one  under  the 
circumstances.  They  set  out  at  once^  and  because 
their  action  was  unexpected,  Jugurtha  wavered  and 
hesitated  and  they  passed  through  unscathed.  A 
few  days  later  they  reached  their  destination. 

CVIII.  There  was  in  that  place  a  Numidian  called 
Aspar,  who  was  on  very  familiar  terms  with  Bocchus. 
He  had  been  sent  on  by  Jugurtha^  after  he  heard  of 
the  summoning  of  Sulla,  to  plead  for  the  Numidian 
and  craftily  spy  upon  Bocchus'  designs.  There  was 
also  a  certain  Dabar,  son  of  Massugrada,  of  the  family 
of  Masinissa,  a  man  of  inferior  birth  on  his  mother's 
side  (for  her  father  was  the  son  of  a  concubine),  but 
dearly  beloved  by  the  Moor  because  of  many  good 
qualities.  Having  found  Dabar  faithful  to  the  Romans 
on  many  previous  occasions,  Bocchus  at  once  sent 
him  to  Sulla,  to  report  that  he  was  ready  to  do  what 
the  Roman  people  wished.  He  suggested  that  Sulla 
should  select  the  day,  place  and  hour  for  a  conference 
and  told  him  to  have  no  fear  of  Jugurtha's  envoy, 
declaring  that  he  was  purposely  maintaining  friendly 
relations  with  the  Numidian,  in  order  that  they 
might  discuss  their  common  interests  more  freely ; 
in  no  other  way  could  he  have  guarded  against  his 
plots.^ 

But  I  believe  that  it  was  rather  with  Punic  faith 
than  for  the  reasons  which  he  made  public  that 
Bocchus  beguiled  both  the  Roman  and  the  Numidian 
with  the  hope  of  peace,  and  that  he  pondered  for  a 
long  time  whether  to  betray  Jugurtha  to  the  Romans 
or  Sulla  to  Jugurtha  ;  that  his  inclination  counselled 
against  us,  but  his  fears  in  our  favour. 

371 
B   B   2 


SALLUST 

CIX.  Igitur  Sulla  respondit  pauca  se  coram  Aspare 
locuturum,  cetera  occulta  aut  nullo  aut  quam  paucis- 
sumis  praesentibus ;  simul  edocet  quae   sibi  respon- 

2  derentur.  Postquam  sicuti  voluerat  congress!,  dicit 
se  missum  a  consule  venisse  quaesitum  ab  eo  pacem 

3  an  bellum  agitaturus  foret.  Turn  rex,  uti  praeceptum 
fuerat,  post  diem  decumum  redire  iubet :  ac  nihil 
etiam    nunc    decrevisse,  sed    illo    die    responsurum. 

4  Deinde  ambo  in  sua  castra  digressi.  Sed  ubi  plerum- 
que  noctis  processit,  Sulla  a  Boccho  occulte  accer- 
situr  ;  ab  utroque  tantum  modo  fidi  interpretes 
adhibentur,  praeterea  Dabar  internuntius,  sanctus  vir 
et  ex  sententia  ambobus.     Ac  statim  sic  rex  incipit. 

ex.  "  Numquam  ego  ratus  sum  fore  uti  rex 
maxumus  in  hac  terra  et  omnium,  quos  novi,  privato 

2  homini  gratiam  deberem.  Et  mehercule,  Sulla,  ante 
te  cognitum  multis  orantibus,  aliis  ultro  egomet  opem 

3  tuli,  nullius  indigus  !  Id  imminutum,  quod  ceteri  do- 
lere  solent,  ego  laetor  ;  fuerit  mihi  eguisse  aliquando 
pretium    tuae    amicitiae,  qua   apud   animum    meum 

4  nihil  carius  habeo.  Id  adeo  experiri  licet :  arma, 
viros,  pecuniam,  postremo  quidquid  animo  Iubet, 
sume,  utere  et,  quoad  vives,  numquam  tibi  redditam 
gratiam   putaveris,  semper   apud    me    integra    erit ; 

^  He  is  willing  to  put  up  with  the  loss  of  liis  former  inde- 
pendence for  the  sake  of  Sulla's  friendship. 

372 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  cix.  i-cx.  4 

CIX.  Now  Sulla  replied  to  the  king's  proposal^  that 
he  would  speak  briefly  in  the  presence  of  Aspar^  but 
would  discuss  other  matters  privately  with  Bocchus 
either  with  no  one  else  present  or  before  as  few  as 
possible  ;  at  the  same  time  he  instructed  the  envoys 
what  reply  was  to  be  made  to  him.  When  the 
meeting  had  been  arranged  according  to  his  wishes, 
Sulla  said  that  he  had  been  sent  by  the  consul  to  ask 
of  Bocchus  whether  he  desired  peace  or  war.  Then 
the  king,  as  had  been  arranged,  directed  him  to 
return  ten  days  later,  saying  that  even  yet  he  had 
made  no  decision,  but  would  give  his  answer  at  that 
time.  Then  they  both  withdrew  to  their  camps. 
But  when  a  good  part  of  the  night  had  passed,  Sulla 
was  secretly  summoned  by  Bocchus  ;  both  were 
attended  only  by  trustworthy  interpreters  in  addition 
to  Dabar  as  mediator,  an  upright  man  who  was 
trusted  by  both  of  them.  Then  the  king  immediately 
began  as  follows : 

ex.  "  1  never  believed  it  possible  that  I,  the 
greatest  monarch  in  these  lands  and  of  all  kings 
whom  I  know,  should  owe  gratitude  to  a  man  of 
private  station.  And  by  Heaven  !  Sulla,  before  I 
knew  you  many  have  prayed  for  my  help,  which  I 
gave  often  to  their  prayers,  often  unasked,  needing 
no  man's  help  myself.  At  such  a  curtailment  of 
independence  others  are  wont  to  grieve,  but  I  re- 
joice in  it ;  let  the  need  which  I  at  last  feel  be 
the  price  that  I  pay  for  your  friendship  ;  ^  for  in  my 
heart  I  hold  nothing  dearer.  As  a  proof  of  this,  take 
arms,  men,  money,  in  short  whatever  you  like  ;  use 
them,  and  as  long  as  you  live  never  think  that  you 
are  repaid  ;  for  I  shall  always  feel  a  fresh  sense  of 
obligation   towards   you.     In   short,    there    will    be 

373 


SALLUST 

5  denique  nihil  me  sciente  frustra  voles.  Nam,  ul 
ego  aestumo,  regem  armis  quam  munificentia  vinci 
minus  flagitiosum  est. 

6  "  Ceterum  de  re  publica  vostra,  cuius  curator  hue 
missus  es,  paucis  accipe.  Bellum  ego  populo  Ro- 
mano  neque   feci  neque  factum  umquam  volui ;  at 

7  finis  meos  advorsum  armatos  annis  tutatus  sum.  Id 
omitto,  quando  vobis  ita  placet ;  gerite  quod  voltis 

8  cum  lugurtha  bellum.  Ego  flumen  Muluccham, 
quod  inter  me  et  Micipsam  fait,  non  egrediar  neque 
id  intrare  lugurtham  sinam.  Praeterea  siquid  me- 
que  vobisque  dignum  petiveris,  baud  repulsus  abibis." 

CXI.   Ad  ea  Sulla  pro  se  breviter  et  modice,  de 
pace    et    de    communibus    rebus    multis    disseruit. 
Denique  regi  patefecit,  quod  polliceretur,i  genatum 
et  populum  Romanum,  quoniam  armis  amplius  valu- 
issent,  non  in  gratia  habituros.     Faciundum  aliquid, 
quod  illorum  magis  quam  sua  retulisse  videretur  ;  id 
adeo  in    promptu  esse,  quoniam   copiam    lugurthae 
haberet.     Quem  si   Romanis  tradidisset,  fore  ut  illi 
plurumum  deberetur  ;    amicitiam,  foedus,  Numidiae 
partem,  quam  nunc  peteret,  tum  ultro  adventuram. 
2       Hex    primo    negitare  :    cognationem,   affinitatem, 
praeterea  foedus  intervenisse ;  ad  hoc  metuere  ne 
fluxa  fide  usus  popularium  animos  avorteret,  quis  et 

1  poUiceretur,  Dietach  ;  poUiceatur,  poUicebatur,  mss. 
374 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  ex.  4-cxi.  2 

nothing  for  which  you  can  wish  in  vain^  provided 
your  desires  are  known  to  me.  For  in  my  opinion  it 
is  less  disgraceful  for  a  king  to  be  vanquished  in  war 
than  to  be  outdone  in  gratitude. 

"  Now  hear  a  few  words  with  regard  to  your 
country,  as  whose  representative  you  have  been  sent 
hither.  I  did  not  make  war  on  the  Roman  people 
and  I  never  wished  to  do  so  ;  but  I  defended  my 
realm  with  arms  against  armed  invaders.  Even  that 
I  now  cease  to  do,  since  it  is  your  wish.  Carry  on 
the  war  with  Jugurtha  as  you  think  best.  I  shall  not 
pass  the  river  Muluccha,  which  was  the  boundary 
between  Micipsa  and  myself,  nor  will  I  allow 
Jugurtha  to  do  so.  If  you  have  anything  further  to 
ask  which  is  honourable  for  us  both,  you  shall  not 
go  away  disappointed." 

CXI.  To  these  words  Sulla  replied  on  his  own 
account  briefly  and  modestly ;  he  spoke  at  length 
about  peace  and  their  common  interests.  Finally, 
he  made  it  clear  to  the  king  that  the  senate 
and  people  of  Rome  would  feel  no  gratitude  for  his 
promises,  since  they  had  shown  themselves  his 
superior  in  arms.  He  must  do  something  which  would 
clearly  be  for  their  interests  rather  than  his  own. 
This  would  be  easy,  since  he  could  get  control  of 
Jugurtha ;  if  he  would  deliver  the  king  into  the 
hands  of  the  Romans,  they  would  be  greatly  indebted 
to  him.  Then  friendship,  alliance,  and  the  part  of 
Numidia  which  he  now  desired  would  freely  be 
given  him. 

At  first  the  king  refused,  saying  that  relationship 
and  kinship  forbade,  as  well  as  a  treaty  ;  moreover, 
he  feared  that  if  he  showed  treachery  he  would 
alienate    his   subjects    to  whom  Jugurtha  was  dear 

375 


SALLUST 

3  lugurtha  carus  et  Romani  invisi  erant.  Denique 
saepius  fatigatus  lenitur  et  ex  voluntate  Sullae  om- 

4  nia  se  facturum  promittit.  Ceterum  ad  simulandam 
pacem,  cuius  Numida  defessus  hello  avidissumus 
erat^  quae  utilia  visa  constituunt.  Ita  composito 
dolo  digrediuntur. 

CXI  I.  At  rex  postero  die  Asparem  lugurthae 
legatum  appellat  dicitque  sibi  per  Dabarem  ex  Sulla 
cognitum,  posse  condicionibus  bellum  poni :  quam  ob 

2  rem  regis  sui  sententiam  exquireret.  Ille  laetus  in 
castra  lugurthae  proficiscitur ;  deinde  ah  illo  cuncta 
edoctus,  properato  itinere  post  diem  octavum  redit 
ad  Bocchum  et  ei  nuntiat  lugurtham  cupere  omnia 
quae  imperarentur  facere,  sed  Mario  parum  confi- 
dere ;     saepe     antea    cum     imperatorihus     Romanis 

3  pacem  conventam  frustra  fuisse.  Ceterum  Bocchus 
si  ambobus  consultum  et  ratam  pacem  vellet^  daret 
operam  ut  una  ah  omnibus  quasi  de  pace  in  collo- 
quium veniretur  ibique  sibi  Sullam  traderet.  Cum 
talem  virum  in  potestatem  habuisset^  tum  lore  uti 
iussu  senatus  aut  populi  foedus  fieret ;  neque  homi- 
nem  nohilem^  non  sua  ignavia_,  sed  ob  rem  publicam 
in  hostium  potestate  relictum  iri. 

CXIll.  Haec  Maurus  secum  ipse  diu  volvens 
tandem  promisit,  ceterum  dolo  an  vere  cunctatus 
parum  comperimus.  Sed  plerumque  regiae  voluntates 
ut  vehementes  sic  mobiles,  saepe  ipsae  sibi  advorsae. 
2  Postea  tempore  et  loco  constituto  in  colloquium  uti 
de    pace    veniretur,    Bocchus    Sullam    modo,  modo 


376 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  cxi.  2-cxiii.  2 

and  the  Romans  hateful.  At  last,  after  many  im- 
portunities, he  gave  way  and  promised  to  do  all  that 
Sulla  desired.  They  also  took  the  necessary  steps 
for  pretending  to  make  the  peace  which  was  most 
desired  by  the  Numidian,  who  was  weary  of  war. 
Having  thus  perfected  their  plot,  they  parted. 

CXn.  Now,  on  the  following  day  the  king  sum- 
moned Aspar,  Jugurtha's  envoy,  and  said  that  he 
had  learned  from  Sulla  through  Dabar  that  terms  of 
peace  could  be  arranged  ;  he  therefore  desired  him  to 
find  out  the  intentions  of  his  king.  The  envoy 
joyfully  departed  to  Jugurtha's  camp ;  then  after 
eight  days  he  returned  in  haste  to  Bocchus  with  full 
instructions  from  the  king  and  reported  to  him  that 
Jugurtha  was  willing  to  do  anything  that  he  desired, 
but  put  little  trust  in  Marius.  He  said  that  peace 
had  often  before  been  agreed  upon  with  Roman 
generals  to  no  purpose ;  but  that  Bocchus,  if  he 
wished  to  consult  for  the  interests  of  both  and  to 
have  a  lasting  peace,  ought  to  arrange  for  a  general 
interview  under  pretext  of  agreeing  upon  conditions 
and  there  deliver  Sulla  to  him.  When  he  had  so 
important  a  man  in  his  power,  a  treaty  would  surely 
be  made  by  order  of  the  senate  or  of  the  people  ;  for 
a  man  of  rank  would  not  be  left  in  the  power  of  the 
enemy  when  he  had  fallen  into  it,  not  through  his 
own  cowardice,  but  in  the  service  of  the  country. 

CXni.  After  long  consideration,  the  Moor  at  last 
promised  this.  Whether  his  hesitation  was  feigned 
or  genuine  I  cannot  say ;  but  as  a  rule  the  desires 
of  kings,  although  strong,  are  changeable  and  often 
contradictory.  Afterwards,  when  time  and  place 
were  agreed  upon  for  holding  the  peace  conference, 
Bocchus  addressed  now  Sulla  and  now  the  envoy  of 

377 


SALLUST 

lugurthae  legatum  appellare,  benigne  habere,  idem 
ambobus  polliceri.  Illi  pariter  laeti  ac  spei  bonae 
pleni  esse. 

3  Sed  nocte  ea,  quae  proxuma  fuit  ante  diem  collo- 
quio  decretum,  Maurus,  adhibitis  amicis  ac  statim 
immutata  voluntate  remotis  ceteris,^  dicitur  secmn 
ipse  multum  agitavisse,  voltu  et  oculis  pariter  atque 
animo    varius ;    quae    scilicet    tacente    ipso    occulta 

4  pectoris  patefecisse.  Tamen  postremo  Sullam  ac- 
cersi  iubet  et  ex  illius  sententia  Numidae  insidias 
tendit. 

5  Deinde  ubi  dies  advenit  et  ei  nuntiatum  est 
lugurtham  baud  procul  abesse,  cum  paucis  amicis  et 
quaestore  nostro  quasi  obvius  honoris  causa  procedit 

6  in  tumulum  facillumum  visu  insidiantibus.  Eodem 
Numida  cum  plerisque  necessariis  suis  inermis,  uti 
dictum  erat,  accedit  ac  statim  signo  dato  undique 
simul  ex  insidiis  invaditur.  Ceteri  obtruncati, 
lugurtha  Sullae  vinctus  tradltur  et  ab  eo  ad  Marium 
deductus  est. 

CXIV.   Per    idem    tempus    advorsum    Gallos    ab 
ducibus    nostris    Q.   Caepione    et    Cn.    Manlio    male 

2  pugnatum.  Quo  metu  Italia  omnis  contremuit. 
Illique  et  inde  usque  "^  ad  nostram  memoriam  Ro- 
mani  sic  habuere,  alia  omnia  virtuti  suae  prona  esse, 

3  cum  Gallis  pro  ss,lute  non  pro  gloria  certari.  Sed 
postquam  bellum  in   Numidia  confectum  et   lugur- 


^  A  feiv  of  the  better  mss.  omit  ceteris. 

2  illique  et  inde  usque,  7)yts, ;  illimque  usque,  Di^tsch. 


378 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  cxiii.  2-cxiv.  3 

Jugurtha,  received  both  courteously  and  made  them 
the  same  promises.  Both  alike  were  joyful  and  fall 
of  good  hope. 

That  night,  however,  which  was  the  one  preceding 
the  day  appointed  for  the  conference,  the  Moor  sum- 
moned his  friends  and  at  once  changed  his  purpose 
and  dismissed  all  others ;  then  he  is  said  to  have 
had  a  long  struggle  witli  himself,  during  which  the 
conflict  in  his  mind  was  reflected  in  his  expression 
and  eyes,  which,  though  he  was  silent,  revealed  the 
secrets  of  his  heart.  At  last,  however,  he  ordered 
Sulla  to  be  summoned  and  yielding  to  his  wish,  set  a 
trap  for  the  Numidian. 

When  day  came  and  he  was  told  that  Jugurtha 
was  not  far  off,  he  proceeded  with  a  few  friends  and 
the  Roman  quaestor  ^  to  a  mound  in  full  sight  of 
those  who  were  in  ambush,  as  if  he  were  honouring 
Jugurtha  by  going  to  meet  him.  Jugurtha  came  to 
the  same  place  unarmed  and  with  only  a  few  followers, 
as  had  been  agreed,  and  immediately  on  a  given 
signal  those  who  were  in  concealment  rushed  upon 
him  from  all  sides  at  once.  His  companions  were 
killed  ;  the  king  himself  was  bound  and  delivered 
to  Sulla,  who  took  him  to  Marius. 

CXIV.  At  this  same  time  our  generals  Quintus 
Caepio  and  Gnaeus  Manlius  were  defeated  by  the 
Gauls 2  and  terror  at  this  had  made  all  Italy  tremble. 
The  Romans  of  that  time  and  even  down  to  our  own 
day  believed  that  all  else  was  easy  for  their  valour, 
but  that  with  the  Gauls  they  fought  for  life  and  not 
for  glory.  But  when  it  was  announced  that  the  war 
in  Numidia  was  ended  and  that  Jugurtha  was  being 


>  Sulla.  ^ 

^  In  105  B.C.     Really  by  the  Cimbri,  a  Germanic  tribe. 


379 


SALLUST 

tham  Romam  vinctum  adduci  nuntiatum  est,  Mariiis 
consul  absens  factus  est  et  ei  decreta  provincia 
Gallia,  isque  kalendis  lanuariis  magna  gloria  consul 
4  triumphavit.  Et  ea  tempestate  spes  atque  opes 
civitatis  in  illo  sitae. 

^  January  1st,  105  B.C. 


380 


THE  WAR  WITH  JUGURTHA,  cxiv.  3-4 

brought  a  captive  to  Rome^  Marius  was  made  consul 
in  his  absence  and  Gaul  was  assigned  him  as  his 
province.  On  the  Kalends  of  January^  he  entered 
upon  his  office  and  celebrated  a  triumph  of  great 
magnificence.  At  that  time  the  hopes  and  welfare 
of  our  country  were  in  his  hands.'- 

^  Jugurtha  was  taken  to  Rome,  where,  after  being  led 
with  his  two  sons  before  Marius's  chariot  in  the  triumphal 
procession,  he  was  starved  to  death,  or,  according  to  some, 
strangled,  in  the  Tullianum. 


381 


ORATIONS  AND  LETTERS  FROM 
THE   HISTORIES 


ORATIONES    ET    EPISTULAE    EX- 
CERPTAE     DE     HISTORIIS 

ORATIO    LEPIDI    COS.    AD    POPULUM 
ROMANUM  1 

Clementia  et  probitas  vostra^  Quirites^  quibus  per 
ceteras  gentis  maxumi  et  clari  estis,  plurumum 
timoris  mihi  faciunt  advorsum  tyrannidem  L.  SuUae, 
ne,  quae  ipsi  nefanda  aestumatis,  ea  parum  credundo 
de  aliis  circumveniamini — praesertim  cum  illi  spes 
omnis  in  scelere  atque  perfidia  sit  neque  se  aliter 
tutum  putet,  quam  si  peior  atque  intestabilior  metu 
vostro  fuerit,  quo  captis  libertatis  curam  miseria 
eximat — aut,  si  provideritis,  in  tutandis  '^  periculis 
magis  quam  ulciscendo  teneamini. 

Satellites  quidem  eius^  homines  maxumi  nominis 
optumis  maiorum  exemplis,  nequeo  satis  mirari^  qui 
dominationis     in    vos     servitium     suum     mercedem 

1  Histories,  i.  55  ;  see  Introd.  pp.  xiii.  ff.  V  =  Codex  Vati- 
canus,  3864  ;  5-  =  copies  of  V. 

^  tutandis,   V  :  vitandis,  Asulanus. 

^  This  attack  on  Sulla's  rule  was  made  in  78  B.C.,  the  year 
of  the  consulship  of  Q.  Lutatius  Catulus  and  M.  Aemilius 
Lepidus. 


ORATIONS    AND    LETTERS    FROM 
THE    HISTORIES 

SPEECH  OF  THE  CONSUL  LEPIDUS  TO 
THE  ROMAN  PEOPLE,  i 

Your  mercy  and  your  honesty,  fellow  citizens,^ 
which  make  you  supreme  and  renowned  throughout 
all  nations,  cause  me  the  greatest  apprehension 
in  the  face  of  the  tyranny  of  Lucius  Sulla.  On 
the  one  hand,  I  fear  that  you  may  be  outwitted 
through  not  believing  others  capable  of  acts  which 
you  yourselves  regard  as  abominable ;  especially 
since  all  Sulla's  hopes  depend  upon  crime  and 
treachery,  and  since  he  thinks  that  he  cannot  be 
safe,  unless  he  has  shown  himself  even  worse  and 
more  detestable  than  you  fear,  so  that  when  you 
are  enslaved  to  him,  you  may  cease  because  of  your 
wretchedness  to  think  of  freedom.  On  the  other 
hand,  if  you  are  on  your  guard,  I  fear  that  you  may 
be  more  occupied  in  avoiding  danger  than  in  taking 
vengeance. 

As  to  his  satellites,  I  cannot  sufficiently  wonder 
that  men  bearing  great  names,  made  great  by  the 
deeds  of  distinguished  ancestors,  are  willing  to  pur- 
chase dominion  over  you  with  their  own  slavery,  and 

*  With  the  beginning  of  this  speech  compare  that  of  the 
Corinthians  to  the  LaceHaemonians,  Thuc.  1.  68. 

38s 

c  c 


SALLUST 

dant    et    utrumque     per    iniuriam     malunt     quam 

3  optumo  iure  liberi  agere,  praeclara  Brutorum  atque 
Aemiliorum    et    Lutatiorum     proles,    geniti    ad    ea 

4  quae  maiores  virtute  peperere  subvortunda.  Nam 
quid  a  PyiTho_,  Hannibale,  Philippoque  et  Antiocho 
defensum  est  aliud   quam   libertas    et    suae    cuique 

5  sedes,  neu  cui  nisi  legibus  pareremus  ?  Quae 
cuncta  scaevos  ^  iste  Romulus  quasi  ab  externis 
rapta  tenet,  non  tot  exercituum  clade  neque  con- 
sulum  et  aliorum  principum,  quos  fortuna  belli  con- 
sumpserat,  satiatus,  sed  tum  crude! ior,  cum  plerosque 

6  secundae  res  in  miserationem  ex  ira  vortunt.  Quin 
solus  omnium  post  memoriam  humani  generis  ^ 
supplicia  in  post  futuros  composuit,  quis  prius  iniuria 
quam  vita  certa  asset,  pravissumeque  per  sceleris 
immanitatem  adhuc  tutus  fuit,  dum  vos  metu 
gravioris   serviti  a  repetunda   libertate   terremini. 

7  Agundum  atque  obviam  eundum  est,  Quirites,  ne 
spolia  vostra  penes  ilium  ^  sint,  non  prolatandum 
neque  votis  paranda  auxilia.  Nisi  forte  speratis 
taedium  iam  aut  pudorem  tyrannidis  Sullae  esse  et 
eum    per    scelus    occupata    periculosius  dimissurum. 

8  At  ille  eo  processit,  ut  nihil  gloriosum  nisi  tutum  et 

^  scaevus,  V;  saevus,  codd.  Servii. 

2  generis,  supplied  by  Orelli ;  hominum,  Aldus. 

■'  illuin,  Cortc  ;  illos,   V. 

^  He  refers  to  D.  Junius  Brutus,  consul  in  77,  his  colleague 
Mam.  Aeniilius  Lepidus  and  Q.  Lutatius  Catulus,  consul 
in  78. 

2  Since  Sulla  planned  a  reorganization  of  the  state,  he  is 
compared  with  the  founder  of  Rome. 

386 


SPEECH  OF  THE  CONSUL  LEPIDUS,  2- 

prefer  these  two  things  joined  with  injustice  to  living 
free  with  the  best  of  rigiit.  Glorious  scions  of  the 
Bruti_,  Aemilii^  and  Lutatii/  born  to  overthrow  what 
their  ancestors  won  by  their  prowess !  For  what  did 
their  forefathers  defend  against  Pjrrhus,  Hannibal^ 
Philip  and  Antiochus^  if  not  our  liberty  and  our 
own  hearthstones,  and  our  privilege  of  submitting 
to  nothing  but  the  laws  ?  All  these  things  that 
caricature  of  Romulus^  holds  in  his  possession,  as  if 
they  had  been  wrested  from  foreigners ;  and  not 
content  with  the  destruction  of  so  many  armies, 
consuls,  and  other  leading  men,  whom  the  fortune 
of  war  had  swept  away,  he  grows  more  cruel  at  a 
time  when  success  turns  most  men  from  wrath  to 
pity.  Nay,  he  alone  of  all  within  the  memory  of 
man  has  devised  punishment  for  those  yet  unborn,^ 
who  are  thus  assured  of  outrage  before  they  are  of 
life.  Worst  of  all,  he  has  hitherto  been  protected 
by  the  enormity  of  his  crimes,  while  you  are  deterred 
from  trying  to  recover  your  liberty  by  the  fear  of  a 
still  more  cruel  slavery. 

You  must  rouse  yourselves,  fellow  citizens,  and 
resist  the  tyrant,  in  order  that  he  may  not  possess 
your  spoils.  You  must  not  delay  or  look  for  help 
from  prayers  to  the  gods ;  unless  haply  you  hope 
that  Sulla  is  now  weary  or  ashamed  of  his  tyranny 
and  that  what  he  has  criminally  seized  he  will  with 
still  greater  peril  *  resign.  On  the  contrary,  he 
has  sunk   so    low  that  he    thinks  nothing   glorious 

*  By  providing  that  the  children  of  the  proscribed  should 
not  be  allowed  to  hold  office ;  see  Velleius,  2.  28.  4  and 
Cat.  xxxvii.  9. 

*  That  is,  greater  than  the  risk  which  he  ran  in  usurping 
his  power. 

c  c  2 


SALLUST 

omnia   retinendae    dominationis    honesta   aestumet. 

9  Itaque  ilia  quies  et  otium  cum  libertate,  quae  multi 
probi  potius  quam  laborem  cum  honoribus  capesse- 

10  bant,  nulla  sunt ;  hac  tempestate  serviundum  aut 
imperitandum,   habendus    metus    est  aut  faciundus, 

11  Quirites.  Nam  quid  ultra?  Quaeve  humana 
superant  aut  divina  impoUuta  sunt?  Populus  Ro- 
manus,  paulo  ante  gentium  moderator,  exutus  nnpe- 
rW   g^o^'ia.  i^^-e,  agitandi    inops    despectusque,    ne 

12  servilia  quidem  alimenta  relrqua  habet.  Sociorum 
et  Lati  magna  vis  civitate  pro  multis  et  egregns 
factis  a  vobis  data  per  unum  prohibentur  et  plebis 
innoxiae    patrias    sedes    occupavere    pauci  satellites 

13  mercedem    scelerum.         Leges,    iudicia,    aeraruun, 
provinciae,  reges  penes  unum,  denique  necis  civmm 

14  et  vitae  licentia.     Simul  humanas  hostias  vidistis  et 

15  sepulcra  infecta  sanguine  civili.  Estne  viris  reliqui 
aliud  quam  solvere  iniuriam  aut  mori  per  vu'tutem  . 
Quoniam  quidem  unum  omnibus  finem  natura  vel 
ferro  saeptis  statuit  neque  quisquam  extremam 
necessitatem     nihil     ausus     nisi    muliebri    ingenio 

exspectat. 
16       Vennn  ego  seditiosus,  uti  Sulla  ait,  qui  praemui 
turbarum  queror,  et  bellum  cupiens,  qui  iura  paos 

1  imperii,  Mommsen. 
'    1  Since    Sulla   had    repealed  the  laws   which   gave   cheap, 

^f  Si^^etlir^ol;;?:^  U.  ngU  of  serving  as  jurors  to  the 
senatorial  order,  taking  it  from  the  knights. 

388 


SPEECH  OF  THE  CONSUL  LEPIDUS,  8-16 

which  is  not  safe,  and  regards  every  means  of  re- 
taining his  supremacy  as  honourable.  Hence  that 
state  of  repose  and  tranquillity  combined  with 
freedom,  which  many  good  men  prized  more  highly 
than  honours  attended  with  toil,  is  a  thing  of  the 
past ;  in  these  times  one  must  either  be  slave  or 
master,  one  must  feel  fear,  citizens,  or  inspire  it. 
For  what  else  is  left  us  ?  What  human  laws  survive  ? 
What  divine  laws  have  not  been  violated  ?  The 
Roman  people,  lately  ruler  of  the  nations,  now 
stripped  of  power,  repute  and  rights,  without  the 
means  to  live  ^  and  an  object  of  contempt,  does  not 
even  retain  the  rations  of  slaves.  A  great  part  of 
our  allies  and  of  the  people  of  Latium  to  whom  you 
gave  citizenship  in  return  for  many  distinguished 
services  are  robbed  of  it  by  one  man,  while  a  few  of 
his  minions,  as  a  recompense  for  their  crimes,  have 
seized  upon  the  ancestral  homes  of  the  guiltless 
commons.  The  laws,  the  courts,^  the  treasury,  the 
provinces,  the  kings,  in  fact,  the  power  of  life  and 
death  over  our  citizens  are  in  the  hands  of  one  man. 
You  have  even  beheld  human  sacrifices^  and  tombs 
stained  with  the  blood  of  citizens.  If  you  are  men, 
is  anything  left  to  you  except  to  put  an  end  to 
oppression  or  to  die  valiantly?  For  of  a  truth 
Nature  has  appointed  one  and  the  same  end  for  all, 
even  for  those  encased  in  steel,  and  no  one  awaits 
the  last  necessity,  daring  nothing,  unless  he  has  the 
heart  of  a  woman. 

But  Sulla  says  that  I  am  a  sower  of  sedition, 
because  I  protest  against  the  rewards  paid  to  civil 
commotion ;  a  lover  of  war,  because  I  would  reclaim 

'  Marius  Gratidianus  was  immolated  at  the  tomb  of  the 
Lutatian  gens  ;  see  Valerius  Maximus,  9.  2.  1. 

389 


SALLUST 

17  repeto.  Scilicet,  quia  non  aliter  salvi  satisque  tiiti 
in  imperio  eritis,  nisi  Vettius  Picens  et  scriba 
Cornelius  aliena  bene  parata  ^  prodegerint ;  nisi 
approbaritis  onmes  proscriptionem  innoxiorum  ob 
divitias,  cruciatus  virorum  illustrium,  vastam  urbem 
fuga    et    caedibus,    bona    civium    miserorum    quasi 

18  Cimbricam  praedam  venum  aut  dono  datam.  At 
obiectat  mibi  possessiones  ex  bonis  proscriptorum  ; 
quod  quidem  scelerum  illius  vel  maxunium  est,  non 
me  neque  quemquam  omnium  satis  tutum  fuisse, 
si  recte  faceremus.  Atque  ilia,  quae  tum  formidine 
mercatus  sum,  pretio  soluto  iure  dominis  tamen 
restituo,  neque  pati  consilium  est  uUam  ex  civibus 

19  praedam  esse.  Satis  ilia  fuerint,  quae  rabie  con- 
tracta  toleravimus,  manus  conserentis  inter  se 
Romanos  exercitus  et  arma  ab  externis  in  nosmet 
vorsa  ;  sceleris  et  contumeliarum  finis  sit ;  quorum 
adeo  Sullam  non  paenitet,  ut  et  facta  in  gloria 
numeret  et,  si  liceat,  avidius  fecerit. 

20  Neque  iam  quid  existumetis  de  illo,  sed  quantum 
audeatis  vereor,  ne  alius  alium  principem  expec- 
tantes  ante  capiamini,  non  opibus  eius,  quae  futiles 
et  corruptae  sunt,  sed  vostra  socordia,  qua  raptum 
ire    licet -^    et    quam    audeat,^    tarn    videri    Felicem. 

21  Nam    praeter   satellites    commaculatos    quis    eadem 

*  parta,  OrdlL 

^  qua  raptum  ire,  Madrig  ;  quam  ra])tum  ire,  V. 

*  quam  audeat,  Corle  ;  quam  audcas,   V. 

*  According  to  Cicero  {Off.  2.  29)  he  was  a  clerk  in  Sulla's 
dictatorship  and  a  quaestor  in  Caesar's. 


SPEECH  OF  THE  CONSUL  LEPH)US,  16-21 

the  rights  of  peace.  Of  course  !  since  you  cannot 
be  safe  and  fully  protected  under  Sulla's  dominion, 
unless  Vettius  of  Picenum  and  the  clerk  Cornelius  ^ 
may  squander  the  goods  which  others  have  honestly 
acquired  ;  unless  you  all  approve  the  proscription  of 
innocent  men  because  of  their  wealth,  the  tortures 
of  distinguished  citizens,  a  city  depopulated  by  exile 
and  murder,  the  goods  of  wretched  citizens  sold  or 
given  away  as  if  they  were  the  spoils  of  the  Cimbri. 
Sulla  blames  me  for  having  possessions  which  are 
derived  from  the  goods  of  the  proscribed.  But  in 
fact  it  is  the  very  greatest  of  his  crimes  that  neither 
I  nor  anyone  else  would  have  been  safe  if  we  did 
what  was  right.  Moreover,  the  property  which  at 
that  time  I  bought  through  fear  and  paid  for  I 
nevertheless  restore  now  to  its  rightful  owners,  and 
it  is  not  my  purpose  to  allow  any  booty  to  be  taken 
from  the  citizens.  Let  it  be  enough  to  have  en- 
dured what  our  frenzy  has  brought  about — Roman 
armies  pitted  against  each  other,  our  arms  turned 
away  from  the  enemy  and  against  ourselves.  Let 
there  be  an  end  to  crime  and  outrage  ;  of  which, 
however,  Sulla  is  so  far  from  repenting  that  he 
counts  them  among  his  titles  to  glory,  and,  if  he 
were  allowed,  would  more  eagerly  do  them  again. 

But  now  I  care  no  longer  what  you  think  of  him, 
but  what  you  dare ;  for  while  you  are  all  waiting  for 
someone  else  to  assume  the  lead,  I  fear  lest  you  inay 
be  caught,  not  by  his  forces,  which  are  insignificant 
and  degenerate,  but  through  your  own  indifference, 
which  allows  him  to  continue  his  course  of  rapine 
and  to  seem  fortunate  ^  in  proportion  to  his  audacity. 
For  with  the  exception  of  his  crime-stained  minions, 

"^  Playing  upon  Sulla's  surname  of  Felix. 

391 


SALLUST 

volt  aut  qiiis  non  omnia  miitata  praeter  victoriam  ^  ? 
Scilicet  milites,  quorum  sanguine  Tavulae  Scirtoque^ 

22  pessumis  servorum^  divitiae  partae  sunt  ?  An  quibus 
praelatus  in  magistratibus  capiundis  Fufidius,  ancilla 
turpis^  honorum  omnium  dehonestamentum  ?  Itaque 
maxumam  mihi  fiduciam  parit  victor  exercitus,  cui 
per   tot  volnera  et  labores  nihil  praeter  tyrannum 

23  quaesitum  est.  Nisi  forte  tribuniciam  potestatem 
evorsum  profecti  sunt  per  arma,  conditam  a  maior- 
ibus  suis^  utique  iura  et  indicia  sibimet  extorquerent, 
egregia  scilicet  mercede,  cum  relegati  in  paludes  et 
silvas  contumeliam  atque  invidiam  suam^  praemia 
penes  paucos  intellegerent.^ 

24  Quare  igitur  tanto  agmine  atque  animis  incedit  ? 
Quia  secundae  res  mire  sunt  vitiis  optentui,  quibus 
labefactis  ^  quam  formidatus  est^  tam  contemnetar. 
Nisi  forte  specie  concordiae  et  pacis^  quae  sceleri  et 
parricidio  suo  nomina  indidit.  Neque  aliter  rem 
publicam  et  belli  finem  ait^  nisi  maneat  expulsa  agris 
plebes,  praeda  civilis  acerbissuma,  ius  iudiciumque 
omnium  rerum  penes  se,  quod  populi  Romani  fuit. 

25  Quae  si  vobis  pax  et  composita  intelleguntur^  max- 
uma  turbamenta  rei  publicae  atque  exitia  probate, 

1  praeter  victoriam,  Miiller  ;   propter  victoriam,    V ;  vic- 
torem,  Krifz. 

2  intellegerent,   V;  intellegerint,  Orelli. 

3  labefactis,  Mdlily  ;  labefacti,  wi.ss. 

^  The  meaning  is  tliat  even   the  members  of  Sulla's  own 
party  {praeter  satellites  commac ulatos)  are  dissatisfied  with 


SPEECH  OF  THE  CONSUL  LEPIDUS,  21-25 

who  is  on  his  side  or  who  does  not  desire  a  complete 
change,  retaining  only  the  victory  ?  ^  Think  you  it 
is  the  soldiers,  at  the  price  of  whose  blood  riches 
are  won  for  vile  slaves  such  as  Tarula  and  Scirtus  ? 
Or  is  it  those  who  in  suing  for  office  were  thought 
less  worthy  than  Fufidius,  a  vile  wench,  the  dis- 
honour of  all  honours  ?  It  is  because  of  acts  like 
these  that  I  rest  my  greatest  confidence  in  the 
victorious  army,  which  has  gained  nothing  by  so 
many  wounds  and  hardships  save  a  tyrant.  Unless 
haply  they  took  the  field  to  overthrow  the  power  of 
the  tribunes,  which  their  forefathers  had  established, 
and  to  rob  themselves  with  their  own  hands  of  their 
rights  and  their  jurisdiction  ^ ;  richly  rewarded,  no 
doubt,  when,  banished  to  swam{)s  and  woods,  they 
find  that  insult  and  hatred  are  their  portion,  that  a 
handful  of  men  gain  the  prizes ! 

Why  then  does  the  tyrant  walk  abroad  with  so 
great  a  following  and  with  such  assurance  ?  Because 
success  is  a  wonderful  screen  for  vices  ;  but  let  a 
reverse  come,  and  he  will  be  despised  as  much  as  he 
is  now  feared.  Or  perhaps  he  does  it  to  make  a 
pretence  of  peace  and  harmony,  which  are  the  names 
which  he  has  applied  to  his  guilt  and  treason. 
Furthermore,  he  declares  that  the  republic  cannot 
be  established,  and  war  ended,  unless  the  commons 
are  for  ever  driven  from  their  lands,  the  citizens 
cruelly  plundered,  and  all  rights  and  jurisdiction,  once 
belonging  to  the  Roman  people,  placed  in  his  own 
hands.  If  this  seems  to  you  to  be  peace  and  order, 
show  your  approval  of  the  utter  demoralization  and 
overthrow  of  the  republic,  bow  to  the   laws   which 

everything  except  their  victory  (in  the  civil  war),  and  would 
gladly  see  everything  else  changed. 

2  See  note  on  §  13,  above.  , 

393 


SALLUST 

annuite  legibus  impositis,  accipite  otium  cum  ser- 
vitio  et  tradite  exemplum  posteris  ad  rem  publicam 
suimet  sanguinis  mercede  circumveniundam  ! 

26  Mihi  quamquam  per  hoc  summum  imperium  satis 
quaesitum  erat  nomini  maiorum^  dignitati  atque 
etiam  praesidio,  tamen  non  fuit  consilium  privatas 
opes    facere,  potiorque    visa    est    periculosa   libertas 

27  quieto  servitio^  Quae  si  probatis,  adeste,  Quirites, 
et  bene  iuvantibus  divis  M.  Aemilium  consulem 
ducem  et  auctorem  sequimini  ad  recipiundam 
libertatem  ! 


394 


SPEECH  OF  THE  CONSUL  LEPIDUS,  25-27 

have  been  imposed  upon  you,  accept  a  peace  com- 
bined with  servitude  and  teach  future  generations 
how  to  ruin  their  country  at  the  price  of  their  own 
blood. 

For  my  own  part,  although  by  attaining  this  the 
highest  of  offices  ^  I  had  done  enough  to  live  up  to 
the  fame  of  my  ancestors  as  well  as  to  secure  my  own 
dignity,  and  even  my  safety,  yet  it  was  not  my 
intention  to  pursue  my  private  interests,  but  I  looked 
upon  freedom  united  with  danger  as  preferable  to 
peace  with  slavery.  If  you  are  of  the  same  mind, 
citizens  of  Rome,  rouse  yourselves  and  with  the 
kindly  aid  of  the  gods  follow  Marcus  Aemilius,  your 
consul,  who  will  be  your  leader  and  champion  in 
recovering  your  freedom  ! 

^  The  consulship. 


395 


ORATIO    PHILIPPI    IN    SENATU  ^ 

1  Maxume  vellem,  patres  conscripti,  rem  publicam 
quietam  esse  aut  in  periculis  a  promptissumo  quoque 
defendi^  denique  prava  incepta  consultoribus  noxae 
esse.  Sed  contra  seditionibus  omnia  turbata  sunt  et 
ab  eis  quos  prohibere  magis  decebat ;  postremo,  quae 
pessumi  et  stultissumi  decrevere,  ea  bonis  et  sapienti- 

2  bus  faciunda  sunt.  Nam  bellum  atque  arma,  quam- 
quam  vobis  invisa,  tamen  quia  Lepido  placent, 
sumunda  sunt^  nisi  forte  cui  pacem  praestare  et 
bellum   pati  consilium  est. 

3  Pro  di  boni,  qui  hanc  urbem  omissam  cura  nostra  ^ 
adhuc  tegitis,  M.  Aemilius_,  omnium  flagitiosorum 
postremuSj  qui  peior  an  ignavior  sit  deliberari  non 
potest,  exercitum  opprimundae  libertatis  habet  et 
se  e  contempto  metuendum  efFecit ;  vos  mussantes 
et  retractantes  verbis  et  vatum  carminibus  pacem 
optatis    magis    quam    defenditis,   neque    intellegitis 

1  Hif^tories,  i.  77. 

2  omissam  cura  nostra,  Opitz  ;  omissa  cura  nostra,   Wirtz  ; 
omissa  cura,  V ;  amissa  curia,  Haupt. 

^  When  Lepidus  deuianded  a  second  consulship  and  the 
restitution  of  the  powers  of  the  tribunes,  the  leader  of  the 
aristocracy,  L.  Marcius  Philippus,  opposed  his  demands  and 
convinced  the  senate  that  Lepidus  ought  to  be  punished. 


THE   SPEECH   OF   PHILIPPUS  IN   THE 
SENATE.i 

I  COULD  wish  above  everything,  Fathers  of  the 
Senate,  that  our  country  might  be  at  peace,  or 
that  amidst  dangers,  it  might  be  defended  by  its 
ablest  citizens ;  or  at  any  rate  that  evil  designs 
should  prove  the  ruin  of  their  contrivers.  But  on 
the  contrary,  everything  is  in  disorder  as  the  result 
of  civil  dissensions,  which  are  aroused  by  those 
whose  duty  it  rather  was  to  suppress  them  ;  and 
finally,  the  wise  and  good  are  forced  to  do  what 
the  worst  and  most  foolish  of  men  have  resolved. 
For  even  though  you  may  detest  war  and  arms, 
yet  you  must  take  them  up  because  it  is  the  will  of 
Lepidus,  unless  haply  anyone  is  disposed  to  grant 
him  peace  and  at  the  same  time  to  suffer  war.^ 

O  ye  good  gods,  who  still  watch  over  this  city, 
for  which  we  take  no  thought,  Marcus  Aemilius, 
the  lowest  of  all  criminals — and  it  is  not  easy  to  say 
whether  he  is  more  vicious  or  more  cowardly — has 
an  army  for  the  purpose  of  overthrowing  our  liber- 
ties, from  contemptible  has  made  liimself  terrible ! 
You,^  meanwhile,  muttering  and  shrinking,  trusting 
to  the  predictions  and  incantations  of  soothsayers,* 
pray  rather   than    fight  for  peace,  and  you   do  not 

^  cf.  Livy  42.  13.  5,  videham  qua?n  impar  esset  soj^s,  cum 
ille  vobis  helium  parartt,  vos  ei  securam  pacem  praestaretis. 

*  Addressed  to  the  senators. 

*  The  Sybilline  books  had  been  burned  with  the  Capitol  in 
83  B.C.,  but  many  otlier  prophetic  writings  were  in  circula- 
tion ;  see  Suet,  Aug.  31.  1. 

397 


SALLUST 

mollitia    decretorum    vobis    dignitatem,  illi    metiim 
4  detrahi.     Atque  id   iure ;    quoniam   ex   rapinis   coii- 

sulatiim,    ob    seditionem    provineiam    cum    exercitu 

adeptus  est,  quid  ille  ob  bene  fiicta  cepisset,  cuius 

sceleribus  tanta  praemia  tribuistis  ? 
6       At  scilicet  eos_,  qui  ad   postremum   usque  legates, 

pacem,  concordiam,  et  alia  huiuscemodi  decreverunt, 
•     gratiam  ab  eo  peperisse !   Immo  despecti  et   indigni 

re  publica  habiti  praedae  loco  aestumantur,  quippe 

metu    pacem    repetentes,    quo    habitam    amiserant. 

6  Equidem  a  principio,  cum  Etruriam  coniurare,  pro- 
scriptos  arcessi,  largitionibus  rem  publicam  lacerari 
videbam,  maturandum  putabam  et  Catuli  consilia 
cum  paucis  secutus  sum  ;  ceterum  illi  qui  gentis 
Aemiliae  bene  fticta  extollebant  et  ignoscundo  populi 
Romani  magnitudinem  auxisse,  nusquam  etiam  tum 
Lepidum  progress um  aiebant,  cum  privata  arma 
opprimundae  libertatis  cepisset,  sibi  quisque  opes 
aut  patrocinia  quaerundo  consilium  publicum  cor- 
ruperunt. 

7  At  tum  erat  Lepidus  latro  cum  calonibus  et  paucis 
sicai'iis,  quorum  nemo  diurna  mercede  vitam  mutaverit ; 
nunc  est  pro  consule  cum  imperio  non  empto  sed 
dato  a  vobis,  cum  legatis  adhuc  iure  parentibus,  et 
ad  eum  concurrere  homines  omnium  ordinum  cor- 
ruptissumi,  flagrantes  inopia  et  cupidinibus,  scelerum 

^  That  is,  divided  into  opposing  factions. 

2  On  the  inversion  of  the  price  and  the  object  bought  see 
Horace,  Serm.  2.  7.  109,  with  the  notes  of  Leja}',  Palmer, 
and  others. 


THE  SPEECH  OF  PHILIPPUS,  3-7 

realise  that  by  your  irresolute  decrees  you  are  losing 
your  prestige,,  he  his  fear.  And  naturally  enough, 
for  since  his  robberies  have  made  him  consul,  his 
acts  of  sedition  have  given  him  a  province  and  an 
army,  what  might  he  not  have  gained  by  good 
conduct,  when  you  have  rewarded  his  crimes  so 
generously  ? 

But  perhaps  it  is  those  who  up  to  the  very  last 
have  voted  for  embassies,  for  peace,  for  harmony, 
and  the  like,  that  have  won  his  favour.  Nay,  de- 
spised, held  unworthy  of  a  share  in  the  state,  they 
are  regarded  as  plunder,  since  fear  makes  them  sue 
for  peace,  which  fear  had  made  them  lose.  For  my 
own  part,  at  the  very  outset,  when  I  saw  Etruria 
conspiring,  the  proscribed  recalled,  and  the  state 
rent  asunder  ^  by  bribery,  I  thought  that  there  was 
no  time  to  be  lost  and  with  a  few  others  I  followed 
the  standard  of  Catulus.  But  those  who  lauded  the 
great  deeds  of  the  Aemilian  family,  and  the  clemency 
which  had  made  the  Roman  people  great,  said  that 
even  then  Lepidus  had  taken  no  decisive  step, 
although  he  had  taken  up  arms  on  his  own  responsi- 
bility to  crush  out  liberty ;  and  thus  while  seeking 
power  or  protection  for  themselves  each  of  them 
perverted  the  public  counsels. 

At  that  time,  however,  Lepidus  was  a  mere 
brigand  at  the  head  of  a  few  camp-followers  and 
cut- throats,  any  one  of  whom  would  have  sold  his 
life  for  a  day's  wages  2;  now  he  is  a  proconsul  with 
military  power  which  he  did  not  buy,  but  which  you 
gave  him,  with  subordinates  who  are  still  ^  bound 
by  law  to  obey  him ;  the  most  vicious  characters  of 
every  class  flock  to  his  standard,  inflamed  by  poverty 

*  Since  Lepidus  has  not  yet  been  outlawed  by  the  senate. 

399 


SALLUST 

conscientia  exagitati,  quibus  quies  in  seditionibus,  in 
pace  turbae  sunt.  Hi  tumultum  ex  tumultu,  bellum 
ex   bello   serunt,  Saturnini  olim^  post   Sulpici^  dein 

8  Mari  Damasippique,  nunc  Lepidi  satellites.  Praeterea 
Etruria  atque  omnes  reliquiae  belli  arrectae,  Hispan- 
iae  arinis  sollicitae,  Mithridates  in  latere  vectigalium 
nostrorum  quibus  adhuc  sustentamur^  diem  bello 
circumspicit  ;  quin  praeter  idoneum  ducem  nihil 
abest  ad  subvortundum  imperium. 

9  Quod  ego  vos  oro  atque  obsecro^  patres  conscripti, 
ut  animadvortatis  neu  ^  patiamini  licentiam  scelerum 
quasi  rabiem  ad  integros  contactu  procedere  ;  nam 
ubi  malos  praemia  secuntur,  baud  facile  quisquam 

10  gratuito  bonus  est.  An  expectatis  dum  exercitu 
rursus  admoto  ferro  atque  flamma  urbem  invadat  ? 
Quod  multo  propius  est  ab  eo  quo  agitat  statu,  quam 

11  ex  pace  et  concordia  ad  arma  civilia.  Quae  ille 
advorsum  divina  et  humana  omnia  cepit,  non  pro  sua 
aut  quorum  simulat  iniuria,  sed  legum  ac  libertatis 
subvortundae.  Agitur  enim  ac  laceratur  animi 
cupidine  et  noxarum  metu,  expers  consili,  inquies, 
haec  atque  ilia  temptans,  metuit  otium,  odit  bellum, 

^  neu,  Carrio  ;  ne,   V. 

^  In  100  B.C.  Lucius  Saturninus,  who  was  then  tribune  of 
the  commons,  set  on  foot  a  rebellion  and  was  condemned  to 
death  by  Marius. 

400 


THE  SPEECH  OF  PHILIPPUS,  7-1 1 

and  greed,  driven  on  by  the  consciousness  of  their 
crimes,  men  who  find  repose  in  discord,  disquiet  in 
time  of  peace.  These  are  the  men  who  rouse  re- 
bellion after  rebellion,  war  after  war,  followers  now 
of  Saturninus,^  then  of  Sulpicius,^  next  of  Marius 
and  Damasippus,^  and  now  of  Lepidus.  Moreover, 
Etruria  is  aroused,  as  well  as  all  the  other  smoul- 
dering fires  of  war ;  the  Spanish  provinces  are 
stirred  to  revolt,  Mithri dates,  who  is  close  beside 
those  of  our  tributaries  from  whom  we  still  receive 
support,  is  watching  for  an  opportunity  for  war ;  in 
short,  for  the  overthrow  of  our  empire  nothing  is 
lacking  save  a  competent  leader. 

Therefore,  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  take  heed,  I 
beg  and  implore  you,  and  do  not  allow  the  licence  of 
crime,  like  a  madness,  to  infect  those  who  are  as  yet 
sound.  For  when  the  wicked  are  rewarded,  it  is 
not  easy  for  anyone  to  be  virtuous  without  price. 
Or  are  you  waiting  for  Lepidus  to  come  again  with 
an  army  and  enter  our  city  with  fire  and  sword  ? 
Verily,  such  an  act  is  much  nearer  the  condition 
in  which  he  now  finds  himself  than  are  peace  and 
concord  to  civil  arms.  And  these  arms  he  took 
up  in  defiance  of  all  human  and  divine  law,  not 
in  order  to  avenge  his  own  wrongs  or  the  wrongs 
of  those  whom  he  pretends  to  represent,  but  to  over- 
throw our  laws  and  our  liberty.  For  he  is  hounded 
and  tormented  in  mind  by  ambition  and  terror 
because  of  his  crimes,  uneasy  and  at  his  wits'  end, 
resorting  now  to  this  plan,  now  to  that.  He  fears 
peace,  hates  war ;    he  sees    that  he    must   sacrifice 

*  Sulpicius,  tribune  in  88  B.C.,  proposed  and  carried 
through  the  bill  by  which  the  command  of  the  war  against 
Mithridates  was  taken  from  Sulla  and  given  to  Marius.  He 
was  put  to  death  at  Laurentum.  ^  See  Cat.  li.  32. 

401 
D   D 


SALLUST 

luxu    atque   licentia  carendum  videt  atque   interim 
abutitur  vostra  socordia. 

12  Neque  mihi  satis  consili  est^  metum  an  ignaviam  an 
dementiam  earn  appellem,  qui  videmini  tanta  mala 
quasi  fulmen  optare  se  quisque  ne  attingat^  sed  pro- 
hibere  ne  conari  quidem. 

13  Et  quaeso  considerate  quam  convorsa  rerum  natura 
sit ;  antea  malum  publicum  occulte,  auxilia  palam 
instruebantur  et  eo  boni  malos  facile  anteibant :  nunc 
pax  et  Concordia  disturbantur  palam,  defend untur 
occulte  ;  quibus  ilia  placent  in  armis  sunt^  vos  in 
metu.     Quid  expectatis  ?  Nisi  forte  pudet  aut  piget 

14  recte  facere.  An  Lepidi  mandata  animos  movere  ? 
Qui  placere  ait  sua  cuique  reddi  et  aliena  tenet,  belli 
iura  rescindi_,  cum  ipse  armis  cogat_,  civitatem  con- 
firmari,  quibus  ademptam  riegat,  concordiae  gratia 
tribuniciam  potestatem  restitui,  ex  qua  omnes  dis- 
cordiae  accensae. 

15  Pessume  omnium  atque  impudentissume,  tibine 
egestas  civium  et  luctus  curae  sunt  ?  Cui  nihil  est 
domi  nisi  armis  partum  aut  per  iniuriam  !  Alter um 
consulatum  petis,  quasi  primum  reddideris,  bello  con- 
cordiam  quaeris  quo  parta  disturbatur,  nostri  proditor, 
istis  infiduSj  hostis  omnium  bonorum  !    Ut  te  neque 

402 


THE  SPEECH  OF  PHHJPPUS,  11-15 

luxury  and  licence,  and  meanwhile  he  takes  advan- 
tage of  your  indolence. 

As  to  your  conduct,  I  lack  sufficient  wisdom  to 
know  whether  to  call  it  cowardice,  weakness  or 
madness,  when  each  one  of  you  seems  to  pray  that 
the  evils  which  threaten  you  like  a  thunderbolt  may 
not  touch  him,  and  yet  makes  not  the  slightest 
effort  to  prevent  them. 

I  pray  you  consider  how  the  order  of  things  is 
inverted ;  formerly  public  mischief  was  planned 
secretly,  public  defence  openly ;  and  hence  the  good 
easily  forestalled  the  wicked.  Nowadays  peace  and 
harmony  are  disturbed  openly,  defended  secretly ; 
those  who  desire  disorder  are  in  arms  ;  you  are  in 
fear.  What  are  you  waiting  for,  unless  perchance 
you  are  ashamed  or  weary  of  well  doing  .^  Are 
you  influenced  by  the  demands  of  Lepidus  ?  He 
says  that  he  wishes  to  render  unto  each  his  own, 
and  keeps  the  property  of  others ;  to  annul  laws 
established  in  time  of  war,  while  he  uses  armed 
compulsion ;  to  establish  the  citizenship  of  those 
from  whom  he  denies  that  it  has  been  taken,  and 
in  the  interests  of  peace  to  restore  the  power  of 
the  tribunes,  from  which  all  our  discords  were 
kindled. 

O  vilest  and  most  shameless  of  all  men,  do  you 
take  to  heart  the  poverty  and  grief  of  the  citizens, 
when  you  have  nothing  in  your  possession  which  was 
not  seized  by  arms  or  by  injustice  I  You  ask  for  a 
second  consulship,  as  if  you  had  ever  given  up  your 
first.  You  seek  harmony  through  war,  by  which 
the  harmony  which  we  had  attained  is  broken,  a 
traitor  to  us,  unfaithful  to  your  party,  the  enemy  of 
all  good  citizens.    Are  you  not  ashamed  either  before 

403 

D    D    2 


SALLUST 

hominum  neque  deorum  pudet,  quos  per  fidem  aut 
periurio  violasti ! 
10  Qui  quando  talis  es,  maneas  in  sententia  et  re- 
tineas  arma  te  hortor^  neii  prolatandis  seditionibus, 
inquies  ipse^  nos  in  sollicitudine  attineas ;  neque 
te  provinciae  neque  leges  neque  di  penates  civ  em 
patiuntur ;  perge  qua  coeptas^  ut  quam  maturrume 
merita  invenias. 

17  Vos  autem_,  patres  conscripti,  quo  usque  cunctando 
rem  publicam  intutam  patiemini  et  verbis  arma 
temptabitis  ?  Dilectus  advorsus  vos  habiti,  pecuniae 
publice  et  privatim  extortae,  praesidia  deducta  atque 
imposita^  ex  lubidine  leges  imperantur,  cum  interim 
vos  legatos  et  decreta  paratis.  Quanto  mehercule 
avidius  pacem  petieritis,  tanto  bellum  acrius  erit, 
cum   intelleget  se  metu  magis  quam  aequo  et  bono 

18  sustentatum.  Nam  qui  turbas  et  caedem  civium 
odisse  ait  et  ob  id  armato  Lepido  vos  inermos  retinet^ 
quae  victis  toleranda  sunt  ea,  cum  facere  possitis, 
patiamini  potius  censet ;  ita  illi  a  vobis  pacem,  vobis 

19  ab  illo  bellum  suadet.  Haec  si  placent,  si  tanta  tor- 
pedo animos  obrepsit,^  ut  obliti  scelerum  Cinnae, 
cuius  in  urbem  reditu  decus  ordinis  luiius  interiit^ 
nihilo  minus  vos  atque   coniuges  et   liberos   Lepido 

^  obrepsit,  F^  Nonii,  obprepsil,  F^;  oppressit,  V. 

^  During  the  proscriptions  of  87  u.c. 
404 


THE  SPEECH  OF  PHILIPPUS,  15-19 

men  or  before  the  gods,  whom   you   have  insulted 
by  your  perfidy  or  perjury  ? 

Since  such  is  your  character,  I  urge  you  to  be 
true  to  your  purpose  and  to  retain  your  arms,  lest 
by  deferring  your  rebellious  plans  you  may  be 
uneasy  yourself  and  keep  us  in  a  ferment.  Neither 
the  provinces,  nor  the  laws,  nor  your  country's  gods 
tolerate  you  as  a  citizen.  Continue  as  you  have 
begun,  in  order  that  as  soon  as  possible  you  may . 
meet  with  your  deserts. 

But  you.  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  how  long  will 
your  hesitation  leave  your  country  undefended,  and 
how  long  will  you  meet  arms  with  words  ?  Forces 
have  been  levied  against  you,  money  extorted  from 
individuals  and  from  the  treasury,  garrisons  removed 
from  one  place  and  stationed  in  another,  the  laws 
interpreted  in  accordance  with  cajirice,  and  in  the 
meantime  you  are  preparing  to  send  envoys  and  make 
decrees.  But,  by  Heaven  !  the  more  eagerly  you  seek 
peace,  the  more  cruel  will  the  war  be,  when  he  finds 
that  he  can  more  safely  rely  upon  your  fears  than 
upon  the  justice  and  righteousness  of  his  cause.  In 
truth,  whoever  says  that  he  hates  disturbance  and  the 
death  of  citizens,  and  therefore  keeps  you  unarmed 
while  Lepidus  is  in  arms,  is  in  reality  advising  you  to 
suffer  what  the  conquered  must  endure,  when  you 
might  yourselves  visit  it  upon  others.  Such  coun- 
sellors advise  you  to  keep  peace  with  him  and 
encourage  him  to  make  war  upon  you.  If  this  is 
your  intention,  if  such  torpor  has  stolen  upon  your 
spirits  that  forgetting  the  crimes  of  Cinna,  upon 
whose  return  to  our  city  the  flower  of  this  order 
perished,^  you  will  nevertheless  entrust  yourselves, 
your  wives,   and    your    children    to    Lepidus,   what 

405 


SALLUST 

permissuri    sitis,    quid    opus    decretis,    quid    auxilio 
Catuli?  Quin  is  et   alii    boni  rem   publicam   frustra 

curant. 

20  Agite  ut  lubet,  parate  vobis  Cethegi  atque  alia 
proditorum  patrocinia,  qui  rapinas  et  incendia  instau- 
rare  cupiunt  et  rursus  advorsum  deos  penatis  manus 
armare.  Sin  libertas  et  vera  magis  placent,  decernite 
digna   nomine    et    augete    ingenium    viris    fortibus. 

21  Adest  novus  exercitus,  ad  hoc  coloniae  veterum 
militum,  nobilitas  omnis,  duces  optumi  ;  fortuna 
meliores  sequitur ;  iam  ilia  quae  socordia  nostra  i 
coUecta  sunt,  dilabentur. 

22  Quare  ita  censeo  :  quoniam  U^  Lepidus  exercitum 
privato  consilio  paratum  cum  pessumis  et  hostibus  rei 
publicae  contra  h-uius  ordinis  auctoritatem  ad  urbem 
ducit,  uti  Ap.  Claudius  interrex  cum  Q.  Catulo  pro 
consule  et  ceteris,  quibus  imperium  est,  urbi  praesidio 
siut  operamqae  dent  nequid   res  publica  detrimenti 

capiat. 

1  vostra,  Dietsch.  ^  M  added  by  Orelli. 


406 


THE  SPEECH  OF  PHILIPPUS,  19-22 

need  is  there  of  decrees  ?  What  need  of  Catulus' 
help  ?  Surely  it  is  in  vain  that  he  and  other  good 
citizens  are  taking  thought  for  the  republic. 

But  have  your  way !  Gain  the  protection  of 
Cethegus  and  the  other  traitors_,  who  are  eager  to 
renew  the  reign  of  pillage  and  fire  and  once  more 
to  arm  their  hands  against  our  country's  gods.  Or 
if  you  prefer  liberty  and  justice,  pass  decrees  worthy 
of  your  reputation,  and  thus  increase  the  courage 
of  your  brave  defenders.  A  new  army  is  ready, 
besides  the  colonies  of  veterans,  all  the  nobles,  and 
the  best  leaders ;  fortune  attends  the  stronger ; 
soon  the  forces  which  our  negligence  has  assembled 
will  melt  away. 

Therefore  this  is  my  recommendation :  whereas 
Marcus  Lepidus,  in  defiance  of  the  authority  of  this 
body  and  in  concert  with  the  worst  enemies  of  their 
country,  is  leading  against  this  city  an  army  raised 
on  his  own  authority,  therefore  be  it  resolved  that 
Appius  Claudius  the  interrex,i  with  Quintus  Catulus, 
the  proconsul  and  others  who  have  military  power, 
shall  defend  the  city  and  see  to  it  that  no  harm 
come  to  our  countr  y.^ 

^  Taking  the  place  of  the  con.snls  for  77  B.C.,  who  at  this 
time  (the  end  of  January)  had  not  yet  been  elected. 
'^  See  Cat.  xxix.  2-3. 


407 


ORATIO    C.    COTTAE    AD  POPULUM 
ROMANUMi 

1  QuiRiTEs,  multa  mihi  pericula  domi  niilitiaeque, 
multa  advorsa  fuere,  quorum  alia  toleravi^  partim 
reppuli  deorum  auxiliis  et  virtute  mea  ^ ;  in  quis 
omnibus  numquam  animus  negotio  defuit  neque 
decretis  labos ;    malae    secundaeque    res    opes,   non 

2  ingenium  mihi  mutabant.  At  contra  in  his  miseriis 
cuncta  me  cum  fortuna  deseruere ;  praeterea  se- 
nectus_,  per  se  gravis,  curam  duplicate  cui  misero 
actaiam  aetate  ne  mortem  quidam  honestam  sperare 

3  licet.  Nam,  si  parricida  vostri  sum  et  bis  genitus 
hie  deos  penatis  meos  patriamque  et  summum  im- 
perium  vilia  habeo,  quis  mihi  vivo  cruciatus  satis  est 
aut  quae  poena  mortuo  ?  Quin  omnia  memorata 
apud  inferos  supplicia  scelere  meo   vici. 

4  A  prima  adulescentia  in  ore  vostro  privatus  et 
in  magistratibus  egi  ;    qui  lingua,  qui  consilio  meo, 

^  IlUtoriea,  ii.  47. 

2  The   words   Quirites  .  .  .  virtute  mea  are  found  in  the 
fragg.  Berol.  and  Aiirel  ;  see  Introd.  p.  xiv. 

^  During  tlie  year  Ii)  B.C.  there  was  civil  discord  at  Rome 
and  attacks  were  made  upon  the  nobles  by  the  commons. 

408 


SPEECH    OF    GAIUS    COTTA    TO    THE 
ROMAN    PEOPLE.i 

1  HAVE  encountered  many  dangers,  fellow  citizens, 
at  home  and  abroad,  and  many  adversities,  some  of 
which  I  have  endured,  some  averted  by  the  gods' 
help  and  my  own  courage ;  in  all  these  I  never 
lacked  resolution  to  decide  or  energy  to  act.  Ad- 
versity and  prosperity  changed  my  resources,  not 
my  character.  But  in  these  present  troubles  it  is 
different,  and  along  with  Fortune  everything  else 
has  deserted  me.  Furthermore,  old  age,  which  is 
in  itself  an  affliction,  redoubles  my  anxiety,  since 
it  is  my  wretched  lot,  when  near  the  end  of  life, 
not  even  to  be  able  to  hope  for  an  honourable  death. 
For  if  I  am  a  traitor  to  you,  and  although  twice  born 
into  this  state,^  hold  cheap  my  country's  gods,  my 
fatherland,  and  its  highest  magistracy,  what  torture 
is  enough  for  me  while  I  live,  and  what  punishment 
after  death  ?  Surely  I  have  committed  a  crime  too 
great  to  be  expiated  by  all  the  torments  related  of 
the  Nether  World. 

From  early  youth  I  have  passed  my  life  before 
your  eyes  both  as  a  private  citizen  and  in  office  ; 
those  who  needed  my  voice,  my  counsel,  my  purse, 

Alarmed  by  the  dangerous  outlook,  Gaius  Cotta,  one  of  the 
consul*,  put  OH  mourning  garb  and  made  an  address  designed 
to  calm  the  people. 

2  His  recall  from  exile  is  regarded  as  a  second  birth ;  so 
Cicero,  ad  Att.  6.  6.  4j  calls  his  recall  a  iraXfyyiu^cria. 

409 


SALLUST 

qui  pecunia  voluere,  usi  sunt  :  neque  ego  c.illidam  ^ 
facundiam  neque  ingenium  ad  male  faciundum 
exercui  ;  avidissumus  privatae  gratiae  maxumas 
inimicitias  pro  re  publica  suscepi,  quis  victus  cum 
ilia  simul,  cum  egens  alienae  opis  plura  mala  ex- 
pectarem,  vos^  Quirites^  rursus  mihi  patriam  deosque 

5  penatis  cum  ingenti  dignitate  dedistis.  Pro  quibus 
beneficiis  vix  satis  gratus  videar,  si  singulis  animam 
quam  nequeo  concesserim ;  nam  vita  et  mors  iura 
naturae  sunt ;  ut  sine  dedecore  cum  civibus  fama  et 
fortunis  integer  agas^  id  dono  datur  atque  accipitur. 

6  Consules  nos  fecistis,  Quirites,  domi  bellique 
impeditissuma  re  publica ;  namque  imperatores 
Hispaniae  stipendium,  milites,  arma,  frumentum 
poscunt — et  id  res  cogit,  quoniam  defectione  so- 
ciorum    et    Sertori    per   montis    fuga    neque    manu 

7  certare  possunt  neque  utilia  parare — exercitus  in 
Asia  Ciliciaque  ob  nimias  opes  Mithridatis  aluntur, 
Macedonia  plena  hostium  est,  nee  minus  Italiae 
marituma  et  provinciarum,  cum  interim  vectigalia 
parva  et  bellis  incerta  vix  partem  sumptuum^  sus- 
tinent ;  ita  classe,  quae  commeatus  tuebatur,  minore 
quam  antea  navigamus. 

8  Haec   si  dolo  aut  socordia  nostra  contracta  sunt, 

agite  ut  monet  ira,  supplicium  sumite  ;  sin   fortuna 

*  callidam,  ms.s.  ;  caninam,  Carrio. 
9  simiptum,   V. 
410 


SPEECH  OF  GAIUS  COTTA,  4-8 

have  had  them.  I  have  not  practised  a  calculat- 
ing eloquence  or  used  my  talents  for  evil-doing. 
Most  covetous  of  private  friendships^  I  have  incurred 
the  bitterest  public  enmities  for  my  country.  When 
these  had  overcome  me  along  with  my  country^  when 
in  need  of  others'  help,  I  looked  for  still  greater 
calamities,  you,  fellow  citizens,  gave  me  back  my 
country  and  my  fathers'  gods,  and  added  to  them 
your  highest  mark  of  distinction.  For  such  favours 
I  should  seem  hardly  grateful  enough  if  1  could 
give  my  life  for  each  one  of  you.  That  I  cannot  do, 
since  life  and  death  are  subject  to  natural  laws  ;  but 
to  live  unashamed  among  one's  fellow  citizens,  and 
with  unblemished  reputation  and  fortune,  is  some- 
thing that  may  be  given  and  received. 

You  have  elected  us  to  the  consulship,  Romans, 
at  a  time  when  our  country  is  in  dire  straits  at  home 
and  abroad ;  for  our  generals  in  Spain  are  calling  for 
money,  men,  arms,  and  supplies — and  they  are  forced 
to  do  so  by  circumstances,  since  tiie  defection  of  our 
allies  and  the  retreat  of  Sertorius  over  the  mountains 
prevent  them  from  either  contending  in  battle  or 
providing  for  their  necessities.  Armies  are  main- 
tained in  Asia  and  in  Cilicia  because  of  the  excessive 
power  of  Mithridates,  Macedonia  is  full  of  foes,  as 
is  also  the  sea-coast  of  Italy  and  of  the  provinces. 
In  the  meantime  our  revenues,  made  scanty  and 
uncertain  by  war,  barely  suffice  for  a  part  of  our 
expenditures  ;  hence  the  fleet  wliich  we  keep  upon 
the  sea  is  much  smaller  than  the  one  which  formerly 
safeguarded  our  supplies. 

If  such  a  state  of  affairs  has  been  brought  about 
by  treason  or  negligence  on  our  part,  follow  the 
prom,ptings    of  your   anger  and  inflict    punishment 

411- 


SALLUST 

communis  asperior  est,  quare  indigna  vobis  nobisque 
9  et  re  publica  incipitis  ?  Atque  ego,  cuius  aetati 
mors  propior  est,  non  deprecor,  si  quid  ea  vobis 
incommodi  demitur ;  neque  mox  ingenio  corporis 
honestius  quam  pro  vostra  salute  finem  vitae  fecerim. 

10  Adsum  en  C.  Cotta  consul !  Facio  quod  saepe 
maiores  asperis  bellis  fecere,  voveo  dedoque  me  pro 
re    publica !      Quam    deinde    cui    mandetis    circum- 

11  spicite  ;  nam  talem  honorem  bonus  nemo  volet,  cum 
fortunae  et  maris  et  belli  ab  aliis  acti  ratio  reddunda 

12  aut  turpiter  moriundum  sit.  Tantum  modo  in 
animis  habetote  non  me  ob  seel  us  aut  avaritiam 
caesum,     sed     volentem^     pro     maxumis     benificiis 

13  animam  dono  dedisse.  Per  vos,  Qiiirites,  et  gloriam 
maiorum,  tolerate  advorsa  et  consulite  rei  publicae  I 

14  Multa  cura  summo  imperio  inest,  multi  ingentes 
labores,  quos  nequiquam  abnuitis  et  pacis  opulentiam 
quaeritis,  cum  omnes  provinciae,  regna,  maria, 
terraeque  aspera  aut  fessa  bellis  sint. 

*  volente,  V. 


412 


SPEECH    OF   GAIUS   COTTA,  8-14 

upon  us ;  but  if  fortune^  which  is  common  to  all^ 
frowns  upon  us^  why  do  you  resort  to  acts  un- 
worthy of  you,  of  us,  and  of  our  country  ?  I,  to 
whom  death  is  nearer  because  of  my  years,  am 
ready  to  meet  it,  if  that  will  lessen  any  of  your  ills ; 
nor  could  1  end  my  life  (as  in  the  course  of  nature 
I  soon  must)  with  more  honour  than  in  securing 
your  safety.  Behold,  here  I  stand,  Gaius  Cotta, 
your  consul !  I  do  what  our  ancestors  often  did  in 
adverse  wars  ;  I  consecrate  myself  and  offer  my  life 
for  my  country.  It  is  your  task  to  find  someone 
to  whom  you  may  entrust  the  state  ;  for  no  good 
man  will  desire  such  an  honour,  when  one  must 
render  an  account  for  the  vagaries  of  fortune,  for 
the  uncertainties  of  the  sea,  and  for  war  brought 
on  by  others,  or  else  must  die  a  shameful  death. 
Only  bear  in  mind  that  it  was  not  for  crime  or 
avarice  that  I  was  put  to  death,  but  that  I  will- 
ingly gave  my  life  as  a  gift  in  return  for  your  great 
favours.  In  your  own  name,i  fellow-citizens,  and 
by  the  glory  of  your  ancestors,  I  conjure  you  to 
endure  adversity  and  take  thought  for  your  country. 
The  price  of  supreme  power  is  great  anxiety,  many 
heavy  burdens.  It  is  vain  for  you  to  attempt  to 
avoid  them  and  to  look  for  peace  and  prosperity, 
when  all  the  provinces  and  realms,  all  lands  and  seas, 
are  devastated  or  exhausted  by  wars. 

^  cf.  Jug.  xiv.  25. 


413 


EPISTULA  CN.  POMPEI    AD   SENATUMi 

1  Si  advorsus  vos  patriamque  et  deos  penatis  tot 
labores  et  pericula  suscepissem,  quotiens  a  prima 
adulescentia  ductu  meo  scelestissumi  liostes  fusi  et 
vobis  saliis  quaesita  est_,  nihil  ainpliiis  in  absentem 
me  statuissetis  quam  adhuc  agitis^  patres  conscripti, 
quem  contra  aetatem  proiectum  ad  bellum  saevis- 
sumum  cum  exercitu  optume  merito^  quantum  est  in 
vobis,  fame,   miserruma  omnium  morte,   confecistis. 

2  Hacine  spe  populus  Romanus  liberos  suos  ad  bellum 
misit  ?  Haec  sunt  praemia  pro  volneribus  et  totiens 
ob  rem  publicam  fuso  sanguine  ?  Fessus  scribundo 
mittundoque  legatos  omnis  opes  et  spes  privatas 
meas  consumpsi,  cum  interim  a  vobis  per  triennium 

3  vix  annuus  sumptus  datus  est.  Per  deos  immor- 
talis,  utrum  censetis  me  vicem  aerari  praestare  an 
exercitum  sine  frumento  et  stipendio  habere  posse  ? 

4  Equidem  fateor  me  ad  hoc  bellum  maiore  studio 
quam  consilio  profectum,  quippe  qui  nomine  modo 

*  Histories,  ii.  98. 


1  In  the  autumn  of  75  B.C.  8ertorius  b}^  avoiding  pitched 
battles  and  resorting  to  guerilla  warfare  cut  ofi'  Pornpe^'s 
supplies.     Since  Ponipey  had  long  since  exhausted  his  own 

414 


LETTER    OF    GNAEUS    POMPEIUS   TO   THE 

SENATE.i 

If  I  had  been  warring  against  you,  against  my 
country,  and  against  my  fathers'  gods,  when  I  en- 
dured such  hardships  and  dangers  as  those  amid 
which  from  my  early  youth  the  armies  under  my 
command  have  routed  the  most  criminal  of  your- 
enemies  and  insured  your  safety ;  even  then. 
Fathers  of  the  Senate,  you  could  have  done  no 
more  against  me  in  my  absence  than  you  are  now 
doing.  For  after  having  exposed  me,  in  spite  ot 
my  youth,2  to  a  most  cruel  war,  you  have,  so  far  as 
in  you  lay,  destroyed  me  and  a  faithful  army  by 
starvation,  the  most  wretched  of  all  deaths.  Was 
it  with  such  expectations  that  the  Roman  people 
sent  its  sons  to  war  ?  Are  these  the  rewards  for 
wounds  and  for  so  often  shedding  our  blood  for  our 
country  ?  Wearied  with  writing  letters  and  sending 
envoys,  I  have  exhausted  my  personal  resources  and 
even  my  expectations,  and  in  the  meantime  for 
three  years  you  have  barely  given  me  the  means  of 
meeting  a  year's  expenses.  By  the  immortal  gods  ! 
do  you  think  that  I  can  play  the  part  of  a  treasury 
or  maintain  an  army  without  food  and  pay  ? 

1  admit  that  I  entered  upon  this  war  with  more 
zeal  than  discretion  ;  for  within  forty  days  of  the 
time  when  I  received  from  you  the  empty  title  ot 

means,  he  wrote  this  letter  to  the  senate,   asking  for  re- 
inforcements and  money. 

2  Pompey  was  only  twenty-eight  years  old  at  the  time 
and  had  held  no  civil  office. 


SALLUST 

imperi  a  vobis  accepto,  diebus  quadraginta  exer- 
citum  paravi  hostisque  in  cervicibus  iam  Italiae 
agentis  ab  Alpibus  in  Hispaniam  submovi ;  per  eas 
iter  aliud  atque  Hannibal^  nobis  opportunius,  pate- 

5  feci.  Recepi  Galliam,  Pyrenaeum^  Lacetaniam,  In- 
digetis  et  primiim  impetum  Sertori  victoris  novis 
militibus  et  multo  paucioribus  sustinui  hiememque 
castris  inter  saevissumos  hostis_,  non  per  oppida 
neque  ex  ambitione  mea  egi. 

6  Quid  deinde  proelia  aut  expeditiones  hibernas, 
oppida  excisa  aut  recepta  enumerem  ?  Quando  res 
plus  valet  quam  verba  :  castra  hostiuni  apud  Su- 
cronem  capta  et  proelium  apud  flumen  Turiam  et 
dux  hostiuni  C.  Herennius  cum  urbe  Valentia  et 
exercitu  deleti  satis  clara  vobis  sunt ;  pro  quis,  o 
grati  patres^  egestatem  et  fanieni  redditis.  Itaque 
meo  et  hostium  exercitui  par  condicio  est ;  namque 

7  stipendium   neutri  datur,  victor   uterque  in   Italiam 

8  venire  potest.  Quod  ego  vos  moneo  quaesoque  ut 
animadvortatis   neu   cogatis    necessitatibus   privatim 

9  mihi  consulere.  Hispaniam  citeriorem,  quae  non  ab 
hostibus  tenetur,  nos  aut  Sertorius  ad  internecionem 
vastavimus  praeter  maritumas  civitates,  ultro  nobis 
sumptui  onerique  ;  Gallia  superiore  anno  Metelli 
exercitum  stipendio  frumentoque  aluit  et  nunc  malis 
fructibus   ipsa  vix   agitat;  ego  non   rem  familiarem 

^  By  indulging  the  soldiers ;  for  the  same  use  of  amhitio 
see  Jug.  xlv.  1. 

416 


LETTER  OF  GNAEUS  POMPEIUS,  4-9 

commander  I  had  j^aised  and  equipped  an  army  and 
driven  the  enemj^,  who  were  ah*eady  at  the  throat 
of  Italy,  from  the  Alps  into  Spain ;  and  over  those 
mountains  I  had  opened  for  you  another  and  more 
convenient  route  than  Hannibal  had  taken.  I  re- 
covered Gjiul,  the  Pyrenees,,  Lacetania,  and  the 
Indigetes  ;  with  raw  soldiers  and  far  inferior  num- 
bers I  withstood  the  first  onslaught  of  triumphant 
Sertorius ;  and  I  spent  the  winter  in  camp  amid  the 
most  savage  of  foes,  not  in  the  towns  or  in  adding  to 
my  own  popularity. ^ 

Why  need  I  enumerate  our  battles  or  our  winter 
campaigns,  the  towns  which  we  destroyed  or  cap- 
tured ?  Actions  speak  louder  than  words.  The 
taking  of  the  enemy's  camp  at  Sucro,  the  battle  at 
the  River  Turia,  and  the  destruction  of  Gaius 
Herennius,  leader  of  the  enemy,  together  with  his 
army  and  the  city  of  Valentia,  are  well  enough 
known  to  you.  In  return  for  these,  grateful  fathers, 
you  give  me  want  and  hunger.  Thus  the  condition 
of  my  army  and  of  that  of  the  enemj'^  is  the  same ; 
for  neither  is  paid  and  either  can  march  victo- 
rious into  Italy. 2  Of  this  situation  I  warn  you 
and  I  beg  you  to  give  it  your  attention ;  do  not 
force  me  to  provide  for  my  necessities  on  my  own 
responsibility.  Hither  Spain,  so  far  as  it  is  not  in 
the  possession  of  the  enemy,  either  we  or  Sertorius 
have  devastated  to  the  point  of  ruin,  except  for  the 
coast  towns,  so  that  it  is  actually  an  expense  and  a 
burden  to  us.  Gaul  last  year  supplied  the  army  of 
Metellus  with  pay  and  provisions  and  can  now  scarcely^ 
keep  alive  itself  because  of  a  failure  of  the  crops  ;   I 

^  The  meaning  is,  that  Ponipey  can  lead  his  victorious 
army  into  Italy  {i.e.,  return  home)  and  then  Sertorius  would 
be  able  to  march  into  Italy  unopposed. 

417 
E    E 


SALLUST 

10  modo^  verum  etiam  fidem  consumj)si.  Reliqui  vos 
estis  :  qui  nisi  subvenitis,  invito  et  praedicente  me 
exercitus  hinc  et  cum  eo  omne  bellum  Hispaniae 
in  Italian!  transgradientur. 

Hae  litterae  principio  sequentis  anni  recitatae 
in  senatu.  Sed  consules  decretas  a  patribus  pro- 
vincias  inter  se  paravere  ;  Cotta  Galliam  citeriorem 
habuit,  Ciliciam  Octavius.  Dein  proxumi  consules^ 
L.  Lucullus  et  M.  Cotta^  litteris  nuntiisque  Pompei 
graviter  perculsi^  cum  summae  rei  gratia  tum  ne 
exercitu  in  Italiam  deducto  neque  laus  sua  neque 
dignitas  esset,  omni  modo  stipendium  et  supple- 
mentum  paravere^  adnitente  maxime  nobilitate, 
cuius  plerique  iam  tum  lingua  ferociam  suam  et 
dicta  factis  sequebantur.^ 

^  Frag.  Aurel. 


418 


LETTER  OF  GNAEUS  POMPEIUS,  9-10 

myself  have  exhausted  not  only  my  means,  but  even 
my  credit.  You  are  our  only  resource ;  unless  you  come 
to  our  rescue,  against  my  will,  but  not  without  warn- 
ing from  me,  our  army  will  pass  over  into  Italy, 
bringing  with  it  all  the  war  in  Spain. 

This  letter  was  read  in  the  senate  at  the  begin- 
ning of  the  following  year.  But  the  consuls  dis- 
tributed the  provinces  which  had  been  decreed  by 
the  senate,  Cotta  taking  Hither  Gaul  and  Octavius 
taking  Cilicia.  Then  the  next  consuls,  Lucius 
Lucullus  and  Marcus  Cotta,  who  were  greatly 
agitated  by  Pompey's  letters  and  messages,  both 
because  of  the  interests  of  the  state  and  because 
they  feared  that,  if  he  led  his  army  into  Italy,  they 
would  have  neither  glory  nor  position,  used  every 
means  to  provide  him  with  money  and  reinforce- 
ments. And  they  were  aided  especially  by  the 
nobles,  the  greater  number  of  whom  were  already 
giving  expression  to  their  confidence  and  adapting 
their  conduct  to  their  words. 


4i§ 

£    E    2 


ORATiO  MACRI  TR.  PL.  AD  PLEBEM  i 

1  Si,  Quirites,  parum  existumaretis,  quid  inter  ins  a 
maioribus  relictum  vobis  et  hoc  a  Sulla  paratum 
sevvitium  interesset,  multis  mihi  disserundum  fuit 
docendique,  quas  ob  iniurias  et  quotiens  a  patribus 
armata  plebes  secessisset  utique  vindices  paravisset 

2  omnis  iuris  siii  tribunos  plebis  :  nunc  hortari  modo 
relicum   est    et  ire    primum   via,    qua    capessundam 

3  arbitror  libertatera.  Neque  me  praeterit,  quantas 
opes  iiobilitatis  solus,  impotens  inani  specie  magis- 
tratus  pellere  dominatione  incipiam,  quantoque  tu- 

4  tius  factio  noxiorum  agat  quam  soli  innocentes.    Sed 
♦      praeter  spem  bonam  ex   vobis,  quae    metum   vicit, 

statui  certaminis  advorsa  pro  libertate  potiora  esse 
forti  viro  quam  omnino  non  certavisse. 
5       Quamquam  omnes  alii  creati  pro  iure  vostro  vim 
cunctam  et  imperia  sua  gratia  aut  spe  aut  praemiis 
1  Histories,  iii.  48. 


1  In  the  year  73  b.v.  the  strife  between  the  nobles  and  the 
commons  continued.     In  the  course  of  these  dissensions  the 


420 


THE   SPEECH    OF   MACER,   TRIBUNE   OF 
THE   COMMONS   TO   THE   COMMONS.i 

If  you  did  not  realize^  fellow  citizens^  what  a 
difference  there  is  between  the  rights  left  you  by 
your  forefathers  and  this  slavery  imposed  upon  you 
by  Sulla,  I  should  be  obliged  to  make  a  long  speech 
and  to  inform  you  because  of  what  wrongs,  and  how 
often,  the  plebeians  took  up  arms  and  seceded  from 
the  patricians ;  and  how  they  won  the  tribunes  of 
the  commons  as  the  defenders  of  all  their  rights. 
But  as  it  is,  1  have  only  to  encourage  you  and  to 
precede  you  on  the  road  which,  in  my  opinion,  leads 
to  the  recovery  of  your  liberties.  I  am  not  unaware 
how  great  is  the  power  of  the  nobles,  whom  I  alone, 
powerless,  am  trying  to  drive  from  their  tyranny  b}^ 
the  empty  semblance  of  a  magistracy  ^ ;  and  I  know 
how  much  more  secure  a  faction  of  wicked  men  is 
than  any  upright  man  alone.  But  in  addition  to  the 
fair  hopes  which  you  have  inspired  and  which  have 
dispelled  my  fear,  I  have  decided  that  defeat  in  a 
struggle  for  liberty  is  for  a  brave  man  better  than 
never  to  have  struggled  at  all. 

And  yet  all  the  others  who  were  elected  to 
maintain  your  rights  have  been  led  by  personal 
interest,  by  hope,  or   by  bribery  to   turn   all  their 

tribune  C.  Licinius  Macer  assailed  the  rule  of  the  optimates 
in  this  long  speech. 

'^  Since  the  tribunes  of  the  commons  had  been  deprived  of 
their  real  power  by  Sulla. 

421 


SALLUST 

in  vos  convortere^  meliusque  habent  mercede  deliii- 

6  quere  quam  gratis  recte  facere.  Itaque  omnes 
concessere  iam  in  paucorum  dominationem,  qui  per 
militare  nomen  aerarium,  exercitus,  regna,  provincias 
occupavere  et  arcem  habent  ex  spoliis  vostris,  cum 
interim  more  pecorum  vos^  multitude,  singulis  ha- 
bendos  fruendosque  praebetis,  exuti  omnibus  quae 
maiores  reliquere ;  nisi  quia  vobismet  ipsi  ^  per 
sufFragia,  ut  praesides  olinij,  nunc  dominos  destinatis. 

7  Itaque  concessere  illuc  omnes,  at  mox,^  si  vostra 
receperitis,  ad  vos  plerique  ;  raris  enim  animus  est 
ad  ea,  quae  placent,  defendunda,  ceteri  validiorum 

8  sunt.  An  dubium  habetis,  num  officere  quid  vobis 
uno  animo  pergentibus  possit,  quos  languidos  socor- 
desque  pertimuere  ?  Nisi  forte  C.  Cotta,  ex  factione 
media  consul^  aliter  quam  metu  iura  quaedam  tri- 
bunis  plebis  restituit ;  et  quamquam  L.  Sicinius, 
primus  de  potestate  tribunicia  loqui  ausus,  mussanti- 
bus  vobis  circumventus  erat,  tamen  prius  illi  in- 
vidiam metuere,  quam  vos  iniuriae  pertaesum  est. 
Quod  ego  nequeo  satis  mirari,  Quirites,  nam  spem 

9  frustra  fuisse  intellexistis.  Sulla  mortuo,  qui  sce- 
lestum  imposuerat  servitium,  finem  mali  credebatis  ; 

^  vobismet  ipsi,  Corle  ;  vobismet  ipsis,   V. 
2  at  mox,  Kritz  •  et  mox,  V. 

^  That  is,  the  spoils  taken  from  you. 
432 


THE   SPEECH   OF   MACER,  5-9 

power  and  authority  against  you  ;  and  they  consider 
it  better  to  do  wrong  for  hire  than  to  do  right 
without  recompense.  Therefore  they  have  now,  one 
and  all,  submitted  to  the  mastery  of  a  few  men,  who, 
under  the  pretext  of  carrying  on  a  war,  have  taken 
possession  of  the  treasury,  the  armies,  the  kingdoms 
and  the  provinces.  These  men  have  made  them- 
selves a  stronghold  from  your  spoils,^  while  in  the 
meantime  you,  like  so  many  cattle,  yield  yourselves, 
a  multitude,  to  single  owners  for  use  and  enjoyment ; 
and  that,  too,  after  being  stripped  of  every  privilege 
which  your  forefathers  left  you,  save  that  by  your 
ballots  you  may  yourselves  choose,  as  once  your  de- 
fenders, so  now  your  masters. 

Therefore  all  men  have  now  gone  over  to  their 
side,  but  presently,  if  you  regain  what  is  yours,  the 
most  will  return  to  you,  since  few  have  courage  to 
defend  their  independence,  the  rest  belong  to  the 
stronger.  Can  you  fear  that  anything  will  be  able 
to  resist  you,  if  you  advance  with  a  united  purpose, 
when  they  have  feared  you  even  in  your  weakness 
and  indifference  ?  Unless  haply  it  was  from  another 
motive  than  fear  that  Gaius  Cotta,  a  consul  chosen 
from  the  heart  of  the  aristocratic  party,  restored 
some  of  their  rights  to  the  people's  tribunes.  In 
fact,  although  Lucius  Sicinius,  who  was  the  first  to 
dare  to  speak  about  the  tribunician  power,  was  cut 
off  while  you  only  murmured,  yet  his  slayers  feared 
your  displeasure  even  before  you  resented  your 
wrongs.  At  that  patience  of  yours,  citizens,  I  can- 
not sufficiently  marvel ;  for  you  knew  that  your 
hopes  had  often  been  disappointed.  On  the  death 
of  Sulla,  who  had  imposed  this  infamous  slavery 
upon    you,  you    believed    that    vour    troubles    were 

423 


SALLUST 

10  ortns  est  longe  saevior  Catulus.  Tumultus  inter- 
cessit  Bruto  et  Mamereo  consulibus,  dein  C.  Curio 
ad  exitium  usque  insontis  tribuni  dominatus  est. 

11  Lucullus  superiore  anno  quantis  animis  ierit  in 
L,  Quintiuni  vidistis  :  quantae  denique  mihi  turbae 
concitantur  '  Quae  profecto  incassum  agebantur,  si 
prius  quam  vos  serviundi  finem,  illi  dominationis 
facturi  erant,  praesertim  cum  his  civilibus  armis 
dicta  alia,  sed  certatum  utrimque  de  dominatione  in 

12  vobis  sit.  Itaque  cetera  ex  licentia  aut  odio  aut 
avaritia  in  tempus  arsere,  permansit  una  res  modo, 
quae  utrimque  quaesita  est  et  erepta  in  posterum  : 
vis  tribunicia,  telum  a  maioribus  libertati  paratum. 

13  Quod  ego  vos  moneo  quaesoque  ut  animadvortatis 
neu  nomina  rerum  ad  ignaviam  mutantes  otiuin  pro 
servitio  ^ppelletis.  Quo  iam  ipso  frui,  si  vera  et 
honesta  flagitium  superaverit,  non  est  condicio  ; 
fuisset,  si  omnino  quiessetis.  Nunc  animum  ad- 
vortere  et,  nisi  viceritis,  quoniam  omnis  iniuria 
gravitate  tutior  est,  artius  habebunt. 

1 4  '^^  Quid  censes  igitur.^"  aliquis  vostrum  subiecerit. 
Primum  omnium  omittundum  morem  hunc  quern 
agitis  impigrae  linguae,  animi  ignavi,  non  ultra  con- 

^  77  B.C. 
424 


THE   SPEECH    OF   MACER,  9-14 

ended ;  up  rose  Catulus^  a  tyrant  far  crueller  than 
Sulla.  There  was  an  outbreak  in  the  consulship  of 
Brutus  and  Mamercus/  and  after  it  Gaius  Curio  was 
long  enough  your  master  to  cause  the  death  of  a 
guiltless  tribune. 

You  saw  with  what  passion  Lucullus  last  year 
assailed  Lucius  Quintius ;  what  tempests  are  now 
roused  against  me  !  But  these  acts  they  certainly 
committed  in  vain,  if  it  was  their  intention  to  put 
an  end  to  their  mastery  before  you  did  to  your 
slavery ;  especially  since  in  these  civil  dissensions, 
although  other  motives  were  alleged,  the  real  ob- 
ject of  the  contest  on  both  sides  was  to  determine 
who  should  be  your  masters.  Therefore  the  other 
struggles,  inspired  as  they  were  by  licence,  by 
hatred,  or  by  avarice,  blazed  up  for  a  time  only ; 
one  issue  only  has  persisted,  which  has  been  the  aim 
of  both  sides  and  has  been  taken  away  from  you  for 
the  future  :  the  tribunician  power,  a  weapon  given 
you  by  your  ancestors,  with  which  to  defend  your 
liberties.  Of  this  fact  I  warn  you  and  I  beg  you  to 
bear  it  in  mind ;  do  not  change  the  names  of  things 
to  suit  your  own  cowardice  and  give  to  slavery  the 
title  of  peace.  Even  peace  you  will  not  be  allowed 
to  enjoy,  if  wickedness  triumph  over  right  and 
honour ;  you  might  have  done  so,  if  you  had  never 
roused' yourselves.  As  it  is,  they  are  on  their  guard, 
and  if  you  do  not  gain  the  victory,  they  will  hold 
you  in  tighter  bonds,  since  the  greater  the  injustice 
the  greater  its  safety. 

What  then  do  you  advise.^  some  one  of  you  will  say. 
First  of  all,  you  must  give  up  this  habit  which  you 
have,  ye  men  of  active  tongue  but  of  weak  spirit,  not 
to  retain  the  thought  of  liberty  outside  of  the  place 

42s 


SALLUST 

15  tionis  locum  memores  libertatis.  Deinde — ne  vos  ad 
virilia  ilia  vocem,  quo  tribunos  plebei,  modo  patri- 
cium  magistratum,  libera  ab  auctoribus  patriciis 
sufFragia  maiores  vostvi  paravere — cum  vis  omnis, 
Quirites,  in  vobis  sit  et  quae  iussa  nunc  pro  aliis 
tolerate  pro  vobis  agere  aut  non  agere  certe  possitis, 
lovem  aut  alium  quem  deum  consultorem  expectatis  ? 

16  Magna  ilia  consul um  imperia  et  patrum  decreta  vos 
exsequendo  rata  efficitis,  Quirites,  ultroque  licentiam 

17  in  vos  auctum  atque  adiutum  properatis.  Neque 
ego  vos  ultum  iniurias  hortor,  magis  uti  requiem 
cupiatis,  rieque  discordias^  uti  illi  criminantur,  sed 
earum  finem  volens  iure  gentium  res  repeto ;  et  si 
pertinaciter  retinebunt,  non  arma  neque  secessionem, 
tantum  modo  ne  amplius  sanguinem  vostrum  prae- 

18  beatis  censebo.  Gerant  liabeantque  suo  modo 
imperia,  quaerant  triumphos,  Mithridatem,  Ser- 
torium  et  reliquias  exsulum  persequantur  cum  ima- 
ginibus  suis,  absit  periculum  et  labos,  quibus  nulla 
pars  fructus  est. 

19  Nisi  forte  repentina  ista  frumentaria  lege  munia 
vostra    pensantur ;  qua    tamen  quinis    modiis    liber- 


^  That  is,  while  they  are  being  reminded  of  it  by  popular 
orators. 

'^  For  quo,  instead  of  quibus,  cf.  Juy.  cii.  10. 

^  That  is,  a  share  in  a  magistracy  whicli  had  previously 
[modo)  been  confined  to  the  patricians.     The  reference  is  to 

426 


THE   SPEECH    OF   MACER,  14-19 

of  assembly.  1  Then  (not  to  attempt  to  urge  you  to 
those  manly  deeds  ^  by  which  your  ancestors  gained 
their  tribunes  of  the  commons,  a  magistracy  pre- 
viously patrician,^  and  a  suffrage  independent  of  the 
sanction  of  the  patricians)  since  all  the  power  is  in 
your  hands,  citizens,  and  since  you  undoubtedly 
can  execute  or  fail  to  execute  on  your  own  ac- 
count the  orders  to  which  you  now  submit  for 
the  profit  of  others,  I  would  ask  you  whether 
you  are  waiting  for  the  advice  of  Jupiter  or 
some  other  one  of  the  gods.  That  supreme  power 
of  the  consuls,  and  those  potent  decrees  of  the 
senate,  you  yourselves  ratify,  citizens,  by  executing 
them ;  and  you  hasten  voluntarily  to  increase  and 
strengthen  their  despotism  over  you.  I  do  not  urge 
you  to  avenge  your  wrongs,  but  rather  to  seek 
quiet ;  and  it  is  not  because  I  desire  discord,  as  they 
charge,  but  because  I  wish  to  put  an  end  to  it,  that 
I  demand  restitution  according  to  the  law  of  nations. 
If  they  persist  in  refusing  this,  I  do  not  advise  war 
or  secession,  but  merely  that  you  should  refuse 
longer  to  shed  your  blood  for  them.  Let  them  hold 
their  offices  and  administer  them  in  their  own  way, 
let  them  seek  triumphs,  let  them  lead  their  ancestral 
portraits,*  against  Mithridates,  Sertorius,  and  what  is 
left  of  the  exiles,  but  let  those  who  have  no  share 
in  the  profits  be  free  also  from  dangers  and  toil. 

But  perhaps  your  services  have  been  paid  for  by 
that  hastily  enacted  law  for  the  distribution  of  grain, 
a  law  by  which  they  have  valued  all  your  liberties 

the  consulship,  to  which  plebeians  became  eligible  by  the  bill 
of  Licinius  and  Sextius  in  377  B.C. 

*  That  is  to  say,  let  them  lead  the  portraits  of  their 
ancestors  against  the  enemy,  in  lieu  of  soldiers. 

427 


SALLUST 

tatem  omnium  aestumavere,  qui  profecto  non 
amplius  possunt  alimentis  carceris.  Namque  ut 
illis  exiguitate  mors  probibetui%  senescunt  vires,  sic 
neque    absolvit  ^     cura    familiari    tam    parva    res    et 

20  ignavi  cuiusque  tenuissumas  spes  frustratur.  Qua 
tamen  quamvis  ampla  quoniam  serviti  pretium 
ostentaretur,  cuius  torpedinis  erat  decipi  et  vostra- 
rum  rerum  ultro  iniuriae  gratiam  debere  ?    Cavendus 

21  dolus  est ;  namque  alio  modo  neque  valent  in  uni- 
vorsos  neque  conabuntur.  Itaque  simul  comparant 
delenimenta  et  differunt  vos  in  adventum  Cn. 
Pompei,   quern  ipsum   ubi   pertimuere,  sublatum  in 

22  cervices  suas,  mox  dempto  metu  lacerant.  Neque 
eos  pudet,  vindices  uti  se  ferunt  libertatis,  tot  viros 
sine  uno  aut  remittere  iniuriam  non  audere  aut  ius 

23  non  posse  defendere.  Mihi  quidem  satis  spectatum 
est  Pompeium^  tantae  gloriae  adulescentem,  malle 
principem  volentibus  vobis  esse  quam  illis  domina- 
tionis  socium  auctoremque  in  primis  fore  tribuniciae 
potestatis. 

24  Verum,  Quirites,  antea  singuli  cives  in  pluribus, 
non  in  uno  cuncti  praesidia  habebatis.  Neque 
mortalium    quisquam    dare    aut    eripere    talia    unus 

25  poterat.     Itaque  verborum  satis  dictum  est ;  neque 

26  enim  ignorantia  res  claudit,  verum  occupavit  nescio 

1  absolvit]  absolvi,   V. 

^  Like  slaves  (lecticarii)  carrying  their  master  in  a  litter. 
428     " 


THE   SPEECH    OF    MACER,  T9-26 

at  five  pecks  per  man,  an  allowance  actually  not 
much  greater  than  the  rations  of  a  prison.  For  just 
as  in  the  case  of  prisoners  that  scanty  supply  keeps 
off  death,  but  yet  their  strength  wanes,  so  this  small 
amount  relieves  you  of  no  financial  care  and  dis- 
appoints the  slenderest  hopes  of  the  idle.  But  even 
though  the  allowance  were  a  great  one,  what 
lethargy  it  would  show,  since  it  was  offered  as  the 
price  of  your  slavery,  to  be  deceived  by  it  and 
actually  to  ov/e  gratitude  to  your  oppressors  for 
your  own  property.  You  must  guard  against  craft ; 
for  by  no  other  means  can  they  prevail  against 
the  people  as  a  whole,  and  in  that  way  only  will 
they  attempt  to  do  so.  It  is  for  this  reason  that 
they  are  making  plans  to  soothe  you  and  at  the  same 
time  to  put  you  off  until  the  coming  of  Gnaeus 
Pompeius,  the  very  man  whom  they  bore  upon  their 
necks  ^  when  they  feared  him,  but  presently,  their 
fear  dispelled,  they  tear  to  pieces.  Nor  are  these 
self-styled  defenders  of  liberty,  many  as  they  are, 
ashamed  to  need  one  man  before  they  dare  to  right 
a  wrong  or  to  defend  a  right.  For  my  own  part  I 
am  fully  convinced  that  Pompey,  a  young  man  of 
such  renown,  prefers  to  be  the  leading  man  of  the 
state  with  your  consent,  rather  than  to  share  in  their 
mastery,  and  that  he  will  join  you  and  lead  you  in 
restoring  the  power  of  the  tribunes. 

There  was  once  a  time,  fellow  countrymen,  when 
each  of  you  citizens  found  protection  in  the  many  ^ 
and  not  the  community  in  one  man,  and  when  no 
single  mortal  was  able  to  give  or  to  take  away  such 
things  from  you.  I  have  therefore  said  enough  ;  for 
it  is   not  through  ignorance  that  the  matter  halts, 

^  In  the  collective  strength  of  the  communit}', 

429 


SALLUST 

•  quae^  vos  torpedo,  qua  non  gloria  movemini  neque 
flagitio,  cunctaque  praesenti  ignavia  mutavistis, 
abunde  Hbertatem  rati,  quia  tergis  abstinetur  et  hue 
ire,  licet  atque  illuc,  munera  ditium  dominorum. 
27  Atque  haec  eadem  non  sunt  agrestibus,  sed  cae- 
duntur  inter  potentium  inimicitias  donoque  dantur 
in  provincias  magistratibus.  Ita  pugnatur  et  vin- 
eitur  paucis,  plebes,  quodcumque  accidit,  pro  victis 
est  et  in  dies  magis  erit,  si  quidem  maiore  cura 
dominationem  illi  retinuerint,  quam  vos  repetiveritis 
libertatem. 

^  nescio  quae,  Carrio  ;  nescio  qua,  V. 


43<i 


THE   SPEECH    OF    MACER,  26-27 

but  a  kind  of  lethargy  has  laid  hold  upon 
you,  be<.*ause  of  which  neither  glory  nor  disgrace 
moves  you.  You  have  given  up  everything  in  ex- 
change for  your  present  slothfulness_,  thinking  that 
you  have  ample  freedom  because  your  backs  are 
spared,  and  because  you  are  allowed  to  go  hither 
and  thither  by  the  grace  of  your  rich  masters.  Yet 
even  these  privileges  are  denied  to  the  country 
people,  who  are  cut  down  in  the  quarrels  of  the 
great,  and  sent  to  the  provinces  as  gifts  to  the 
magistrates.  Thus  they  fight  and  conquer  for  the 
benefit  of  a  few,  but  whatever  happens,  the  commons 
are  treated  as  vanquished  ;  and  this  will  be  more 
so  every  day,  so  long  as  your  oppressors  make 
greater  efforts  to  retain  their  mastery  than  you  do 
to  regain  your  freedom. 


431 


EPISTULA    MITHlUDATISi 

1  Rex  Mithridates  regi  Arsaci  salutem.  Omnes 
qui  secundis  rebus  suis  ad  belli  societatem  orantur 
considerare  debent  liceatne  turn  pacem  agere,  dein 
quod  quaesitur  satisne    pium,  tutum,   gloriosuni    an 

2  indecorum  sit.  Tibi  si  perpetua  pace  frui  lieeret, 
nisi  hostes  opportuni  et  scelestissumi,  ni  -  egregia 
fama^  si  Romanos  oppresseris,  futura  est,  neque 
petere  audeam  societatem  et  frustra  mala  mea  cum 

3  bonis  tuis  misceri  sperem.  Atque  ea,  quae  te 
morari  posse  videntur,  ira  in  Tigranem  recentis  belli 
et  meae  res  parum  ^  prosperae,  si  vera  existumare 

4  voles,  maxume  hortabuntur.  Ille  enini  obnoxius 
qualem  tu  voles  societatem  accipiet,  mihi  fortuna 
multis  rebus  ereptis  usum  dedit  bene  suadendi  et, 
quod  florentibus  optabile  est,  ego  non  validissumus 
praebeo  exemplum,  quo  rectius  tua  componas. 

^  Histories,  iv.  69.  ^  ni  inserted  by  Madvig. 

*  parum,  Aldus  ;  rarum,  V. 


1  In  GO  B.C.  Mithridates  and  Tigranes,  both  of  whom  had 
been  decisively  defeated  by  Luculhis,  tried  to  add  to  their 

432 


LETTER    OF    MITHRIDATESi 

King  Mithridates  to  King  Arsaces,  Greeting. 
All  those  who  in  the  time  of  their  prosperity  are 
asked  to  form  an  offensive  alliance  ought  to  con- 
sider^ first,  whether  it  is  possible  for  them  to  keep 
peace  at  that  time ;  and  secondly,  whether  what  is 
asked  of  them  is  wholly  right  and  safe,  honourable 
or  dishonourable.  If  it  were  possible  for  you  to 
enjoy  lasting  peace,  if  no  treacherous  foes  were  near 
your  borders,  if  to  crush  the  Roman  power  would 
not  bring  you  glorious  fame,  I  should  not  venture  to 
sue  for  your  alliance,  and  it  would  be  vain  for  me  to 
hoj)e  to  unite  my  misfortunes  with  your  prosperity. 
But  the  considerations  which  might  seem  to  give  you 
pause,  such  as  the  anger  against  Tigranes  inspired  in 
you  by  the  recent  war,  and  my  lack  of  success,  if 
you  but  consent  to  regard  them  in  the  right  light, 
will  be  special  incentives.  For  Tigranes  is  at  your 
mercy  and  will  accept  an  alliance  on  any  terms 
which  you  may  desire,  while  so  far  as  I  am  con- 
cerned, although  Fortune  has  deprived  me  of  much, 
she  has  bestowed  upon  me  the  experience  necessary 
for  giving  good  advice  ;  and  since  I  am  no  longer 
at  the  height  of  my  power,^  I  shall  serve  as  an 
example  of  how  you  may  conduct  your  own  affairs 
with  more  prudence,  a  lesson  highly  advantageous  to 
the  prosperous. 

forces.     Mithridates   wrote  this  letter  to  Arsaces,   king  of 
the  Parthians,  to  induce  him  to  become  his  all3^ 

^  A  euphemistic  expression  for  one  who  had  suffered  total 
defeat. 

433 

F  F 


SALLUST 

5  Namque  Romanis  cum  nationibiis,  populis,  regibus 
cunctis  una  et  ea  vetus  causa  bellandi  est,  cupido 
profunda  imperi  et  divitiarum  ;  qua  primo  cum  rege 
Macedonum  Philippo  bellum  sumpsere,  dum  a  Car- 

6  thaginiensibus  premebantur  amicitiam  simulantes. 
Ei  subvenientem  Antiochum  concessione  Asiae  per 
dolum  avortere,  ac  mox  fracto  Philippo  Antiochus 
omni  cis  Taurum  agro  et  decern  milibus  talentoruni 

7  spoliatus  est.  Persen  deinde,  Philippi  filium,  post 
multa  et  varia  certamina  apud  Samothracas  deos 
acceptum  in  fidem,  callidi  et  repertores  perfidiae, 
quia     pacto    vitam     dederant,    insomniis    occidere. 

8  Eumenem,  cuius  amicitiam  gloriose  ostentant,  initio 
prodidere  Antiocho,  pacis  mercedem :  post,  habitum 
custodiae  agri  captivi,  sumptibus  et  contumeliis  ex 
rege  miserrumum  servorum  eff'ecere,  simulatoque 
impio  testamento  filium  eius  Aristonicum,  quia 
patrium  regnum  petiverat,  hostium  more  per  trium- 

9  phum  duxere.  Asia  ab  ipsis  obsessa  est,  postremo 
Bithyniam  Nicomede  mortuo  diripuere,  cum  filius 
Nysa,  quam  reginam  appellaverat,  genitus  baud 
dubie  esset. 

10  Nam  quid  ego  me  appellem  ?  Quem  diiunctum 
undique  regnis  et  tetrarchiis  ab  imperio  eorum,  quia 

1  Namely,  his  own  kingdom,   which   he  nominally  ruled, 
while  really  governing  it  as  a  province  of  Rome.  J 

.     -434 


LETTER    OF   MITHRIDATES,  5-10 

In  fact,  the  Romans  have  one  inveterate  motive 
for  making  war  upon  all  nations,  peoples  and 
kings  ;  namely,  a  deep-seated  desire  for  dominion 
and  for  riches.  Therefore  they  first  began  a  vi^ar 
w^ith  Philip,  king  of  Macedonia,  having  pretended 
tf)  be  his  ti'iends  as  long  as  they  were  hard  pressed 
by  the  Carthaginians.  When  Antiochus  came  to  his 
aid_,  they  craftily  diverted  him  from  his  purpose  by 
the  surrender  of  Asia,  and  then,  after  Philip's 
power  had  been  broken,  Antiochus  was  robbed 
of  all  the  territory  this  side  Taurus,  and  of  ten 
thousand  talents.  Next  Perses,  the  son  of  Philip, 
after  many  battles  with  varying  results,  was  formally 
taken  under  their  protection  before  the  gods  of 
Samothrace ;  and  then  those  masters  of  craft  and 
artists  in  treachery  caused  his  death  from  want  of 
sleep,  since  they  had  made  a  compact  not  to  kill 
him.  Eumenes,  whose  friendship  they  boastfully 
parade,  they  first  betrayed  to  Antiochus  as  the  price 
of  peace  ;  later,  having  made  him  the  guardian  of  a 
captured  territory,^  they  transformed  him  by  means 
of  imposts  and  insults  from  a  king  into  the  most 
wretched  of  slaves.  Then,  having  forged  an  un- 
natural will,^  they  led  his  son  Aristonicus  in  triumph 
like  an  enemy,  because  he  had  tried  to  recover  his 
father's  realm.  They  took  possession  of  Asia,  and 
finally,  on  the  death  of  Nicomedes,  they  seized  upon 
all  Bithynia,  although  Nysa,  whom  Nicomedes  had 
called  queen,  unquestionably  had  a  son.  * 

Why  should  I  mention  my  own  case  ?  Although 
I  was  separated  from  their  empire  on  every  side  by 
kingdoms  and  tetrarchies,  yet  because  it  was  reported 

2  So  called  because  in  it  Eumenes  bequeathed  his  kingdom 
to  the  Romans,  instead  of  leaving  it  to  his  son. 

435 

F   F    2 


SALLUST 

fama  erat  divitem  neque  serviturum  esse,  per  Nico- 
medem  bello  lacessiverunt,  sceleris  eorum  baud 
ignarum  et  ea,  quae  accidere,  testatum  antea  Cre- 
tensis,  solos  omnium  liberos  ea  tempestate,  et  regem 

11  Ptolemaeum,  Atque  ego  ultus  iniurias  Nicomedem 
Bithynia   expuli   Asiamque    spolium    regis    Antiochi 

12  recepi  et  Graeciae  dempsi. grave  servitium.  Ineepta 
mea  postremus  servorum  Archelaus  exercitu  prodito 
impedivit,  illique,  quos  ignavia  aut  prava  ealliditas, 
ut  meis  laboribus  tuti  essent,  armis  abstinuit,  acer- 
bissumas  poenas  solvunt,  Ptolemaeus  pretio  in  dies 
bellum  prolatanSj    Cretenses    impugnati    semel    iam 

13  neque  finem  nisi  excidio  babituri.  Equidem  cum 
mibi  ob  ipsorum  interna  mala  dilata  proelia  magis 
quam  pacem  datam  intellegerem,  abnuente  Tigrane, 
qui  mea  dicta  sero  probat,  te  remoto  procul,  omnibus 
aliis  obnoxiis,  rursus  tamen  bellum  coepi  Marcumque 
Cottam,  Romanum   ducem,  apud  Chalcedona  ^  terra 

14  fudi,  mari  exui  classe  pulcherruma.      Apud  Cyzicum 

maffno  cum  exercitu  in  obsidio  moranti  frumentum 

defuit,   nullo   circum   adnitente  ;    simul   hiems  mari 

prohibebat.      Ita,  sine  vi  liostium  regredi  conatus  in 

patrium  regnum,  naufragiis  apud   Parium    et    Hera- 

1  Calchedona,  V. 
436 


LETTER    OF    MITHRIDATES,  10-14 

that  I  was  rich  and  that  I  would  not  be  a  slave^  they 
provoked  me  to  war  through  Nicomedes.  And  I  was 
not  unaware  of  their  design,  but  I  had  previously 
given  warning  of  what  afterwards  happened,  both  to 
the  Cretans,  who  alone  retained  their  freedom  at 
that  time,  and  to  king  Ptolemy.  But  I  took  ven- 
geance for  the  wrongs  inflicted  upon  me  ;  I  drove 
Nicomedes  from  Bithynia,  recovered  Asia,  the  spoil 
taken  from  king  Antiochus,  and  delij^ered  Greece 
from  cruel  servitude.  Further  progress  was  frus- 
trated by  Archelaus,  basest  of  slaves,  who  betrayed 
my  army ;  and  those  whom  cowardice  or  misplaced 
cunning  kept  from  taking  up  arms,  since  they  hoped 
to  find  safety  in  my  misfortunes,  are  suffering  most 
cruel  punishment.  For  Ptolemy  is  averting  hostilities 
from  day  to  day  by  the  payment  of  money,  while  the 
Cretans  have  already  been  attacked  once  and  will  find 
no  respite  from  war  until  they  are  destroyed.  As 
for  me,  I  soon  learned  that  the  peace  afforded  by 
civil  dissensions  at  Rome  was  really  only  a  postpone- 
ment of  the  struggle,  and  although  Tigranes  refused 
to  join  with  me  (he  now  admits  the  truth  of  my 
prediction  when  it  is  too  late),  though  you  were 
far  away,  and  all  the  rest  had  submitted,  I  never- 
theless renewed  the  war  and  routed  Marcus  Cotta, 
the  Roman  general,  on  land  at  Chalcedon,  while  on 
the  sea  I  stripped  him  of  a  fine  fleet.  During  the 
delay  caused  by  my  siege  of  Cyzicus  with  a  great 
army  provisions  failed  me,  since  no  one  in  the  neigh- 
bourhood rendered  me  aid  and  at  the  same  time 
winter  kept  me  off  the  sea.  When  1,  therefore, 
without  compulsion  from  the  enemy,  attempted  to 
return   into    my    kingdom,   I   lost    the    best   of  my 


437 


SALLUST 

15  cleam  militum  optumos  cum  classibus  amisi.  Resti- 
tute deinde  apud  Cabiram^  exercitu  et  variis  inter 
me  atque  LucuUum  proeliis,  inopia  rursus  ambos 
ineessit ;  illi  suberat  regnum  Ariobarzanis  bello  in- 
tactum^  ego  vastis  circum  omnibus  locis^  in  Ar- 
meniam  concessi ;  secutique  Romani  non  me,  sed 
morem  suum  omnia  regna  subvortundi,  quia  multi- 
tudinem  artis  locis  pugna  prohibuere,  imprudentiam 
Tigranis  pro  victoria  ostentant. 

16  Nunc,  quaeso,  considera  nobis  oppressis  utrum 
firmiorem  te  ad  resistundum,  an  finem  belli  futurum 
putes  ?  Scio  equidem  tibi  magnas  opes  virorum 
armorum  et  auri  esse  ;  etea  re  a  nobis  ad  societatem, 
ab  illis  ad  praedam  peteris.  Ceterum  consilium 
est,  Tigranis  regno  integro,  meis  militibus  belli 
prudentibus,  procul  ab  domo,  parvo  labore  per 
nostra  corpora  bellum  conficere,  quo  -  neque  vincere 

17  neque  vinci  sine  tuo  periculo  possumus.  An  ignoras 
Romanos,  postquam  ad  occidentem  pergentibus  finem 
Oceanus  fecit,  arma  hue  convortisse  ?  Neque  quic- 
quam  a  principio  nisi  raptum  "^  habere,  domum, 
coniuges,  agros,  imperium  ?  Convenas  oHm  sine 
patria,  parentibus,  pestem  conditos  orbis  terrarum, 
quibus  non   humana  ulla  neque  divina  obstant,  quin 

^  Cabira,  Carrio  ;  Cabera,   V, 

2  quo,  Gerlach  ;  quo,  V. 

•^  raptum,  Giacconiu8 ;  partuin,  V. 

438 


LETTER   OF    MITHRIDATES,  14-17 

soldiers  and  my  fleets  by  shipwrecks  at  Parium  and  at 
Heraclea.  Then  when  I  had  raised  a  new  army  at 
Cabira  and  engaged  with  Lucullus  with  varying 
success,  scarcity  once  more  attacked  us  both.  He 
had  at  his  command  the  kingdom  of  Ariobarzanes, 
unravaged  by  war,  while  I,  since  all  the  country 
about  me  had  been  devastated,  withdrew  into 
Armenia.  Thereupon  the  Romans  followed  me,  or 
rather  followed  their  custom  of  overthrowing  all 
monarchies,  and  because  they  were  able  to  keep  from 
action  a  huge  force  hemmed  in  by  narrow  defiles, 
boasted  of  the  results  of  Tigranes'  imprudence  as 
if  they  had  won  a  victory. 

I  pray  you,  then,  to  consider  whether  you  believe 
that  when  we  have  been  crushed  you  will  be  better 
able  to  resist  the  Romans,  or  that  there  will  be  an 
end  to  the  war.  I  know  well  that  you  have  great 
numbers  of  men  and  large  amounts  of  arms  and  gold, 
and  it  is  for  that  reason  that  I  seek  your  alliance 
and  the  Romans  your  spoils.  Yet  my  advice  is, 
while  the  kingdom  of  Tigranes  is  entire,  and  while 
I  still  have  soldiers  who  have  been  trained  in  war- 
fare with  the  Romans,  to  finish  far  from  your  homes 
and  with  little  labour,  at  the  expense  of  our  bodies, 
a  war  in  which  we  cannot  conquer  or  be  conquered 
without  danger  to  you.  Do  you  not  know  that  the 
Romans  turned  their  arms  in  this  direction  only 
after  Ocean  had  blocked  their  westward  progress  ? 
That  they  have  possessed  nothing  since  the  beginning 
of  their  existence  except  what  they  have  stolen  : 
their  home,  their  wives,  their  lands,  their  empire  } 
Once  vagabonds  without  fatherland,  without  parents, 
created  to  be  the  scourge  of  the  whole  world,  no 
laws,  human  or  divine,  prevent  them  from  seizing 

439 


SALLUST 

socios,  amicos,  procul  iuxta  sitos,  inopes  potentisque 
trahant  excindant,  oinniaque  non  serva  et  maxiime 
regna  hostilia  diicaiit. 

18  Namque  pauci  libertatem,  pars  magna  iustos  do- 
minos  volunt,  nos  suspecti  sumus  aemuli  et  in  tem- 

19  })ore  vindices  afFuturi.  Tu  vero,  cui  Seleueea^ 
niaxuma  urbium^  regnumque  Persidis  inclutis  divitiis 
est,  quid  ab  ill  is   nisi   dolum  in  praesens  et  postea 

20  bellum  expectas  ?  Romani  arma  in  omnis  habent, 
acerruma  in  eos,  quibus  victis  spolia  maxuma ; 
audendo  et  fallundo  et  bella  ex  bellis  serundo  niagni 

21  facti.  Per  hunc  morem  extinguent  omnia  aut 
Occident  .  .  .  quod  baud  difficile  est,  si  tu  Mesopo- 
tamia, nos  Armenia  circumgredimur  exercitum  sine 
frumento,    sine    auxiliis,    fortuna    aut    nostris    vitiis 

22  adhuc  incolumem.  Teque  ilia  fama  sequetur,  aux- 
ilio    profectum    magnis    regibus    latrones    gentium 

23  oppressisse.  Quod  uti  facias  moneo  hortorque,  neu 
malis  pernicie  nostra  tuam  prolatare  quam  societate 
victor  fieri. 


^  That  is,  of  planning  to  arise  at  some  future  time  {affuturi) 
and  avenge  mankind. 


440 


LETTER   OF   xMITHRlDATES,  17-23 

and  destroying  allies  and  friends^  those  near  them 
and  those  afar  oflP^  weak  or  powerful,  and  from  con- 
sidering every  government  whicli  does  not  serve 
them,  especially  monarchies,  as  their  enemies. 

Of  a  truth,  few  men  desire  freedom,  the  greater 
part  are  content  with  just  masters ;  we  are  suspected 
of  being  rivals  of  the  Romans  and  future  avengers.^ 
But  you,  who  possess  Seleucea,  greatest  of  cities, 
and  the  realm  of  Perses  famed  for  its  riches,  what 
can  you  expect  from  them  other  than  guile  in  the 
present  and  war  in  the  future  ?  The  Romans  have 
weapons  against  all  men,  the  sharpest  where  victory 
yields  the  greatest  spoils ;  it  is  by  audacity,  by 
deceit,  and  by  joining  war  to  war  that  they  have 
grown  great.  Following  their  usual  custom,  they 
will  destroy  everything  or  perish  in  the  attempt  .  .  .2 
and  this  is  not  difficult  if  you  on  the  side  of 
Mesopotamia  and  we  on  that  of  Armenia  surround 
their  army,  which  is  without  supplies  and  without 
allies,  and  has  been  saved  so  far  only  by  its  good 
fortune  or  by  our  own  errors.  You  will  gain  the 
glory  of  having  rendered  aid  to  great  kings  and  of 
having  crushed  the  plunderers  of  all  the  nations. 
This  is  my  advice  and  this  course  I  urge  you  to 
follow  ;  do  not  prefer  by  our  ruin  to  put  off  your 
own  for  a  time  rather  than  by  our  alliance  to 
conquer. 

^  There  is  a  lacuna  at  this  point.     Obviously  Mithridates 
urged  Arsaces  to  join  him  in  an  attack  upon  the  Romans. 


441 


PSEUDO-SALLUSTIAN    WORKS 


AD  CAESAREM  SENEM  DE  RE  PUBLICA 
ORATlO.i 

I.  Pro  vero  antea  optinebat  regiia  atque  imperia 
fortunam  dono  dare,  item  alia  quae  per  niortaleis  ^ 
avide  cupiuntur,  quia  et  apud  indignos  saepe  erant 
quasi  per  libidinem  data  neque   cuiquam  incorrupta 

2  permanserant.  Sed  res  doeuit  id  verum  esse,  quod 
in  carminibus  Appius  ait,  fabrum  esse  suae  quemque 
fortunae,  atque  in  te  niaxume,  qui  tantum  alios  prae- 
gressus   es,   ut  prius  defessi  sint  homines  laudando 

3  facta  tua  quam  tu  laude  digna  faciundo.  Ceterum 
ut  fabricata  sic  virtute  j)arta  quam  magna  indu  stria 
haberei  decet,  ne  incuria  deformentur  aut  corruant 

4  infirmata.  Nemo  enim  alteri  imperium  volens  con- 
cedit,  et  quamvis  bonus  atque  clemens  sit,  qui  plus 

5  potest  tamen,  quia  malo  esse  licet,  formeidatur.  Id 
eo  evenit,  quia  plerique  rerum  potentes  pervorse 
consulunt  et  eo  se  munitiores  putant,  quo  illei  qui- 

6  bus  imperitant  nequiores  fuere.     At  contra  id  eniti 

^  See  Introd.  pp.  xvi  ft'.  V  ■-=  codex  Vaticanus,  3864  ; 
5"  =  copies  of  V. 

2  The  writer  frequently  /la.s  ei  for  long  i  and  indulge.^ 
in  other  archaic  Kpellimin  :  see  Iiitrod.  p.  xvii. 

1  Appius  Claudius  Caecus,  consul  in  307  B.C.,  the  earliest 
Roman  writer  Unown  to  us.     He  (ioniposed  Sententiae  in  the 

444 


SPEECH    TO   CAESAR,   IN    HIS    OLD    AGE, 
ON   THE   STATE 

I.  It  was  accounted  true  formerly  that  Fortune 
gave  as  gifts  kingdoms  and  empires,  as  well  as  the 
other  possessions  which  are  eagerly  coveted  among 
mortal  men  ;  for  they  were  often  found  in  the  hands 
"of  the  undeserving,  as  if  given  capriciously,  and  they 
did  not  remain  unspoiled  in  anyone's  hands.  But 
experience  has  shown  that  to  be  true  which  Appius  ^ 
says  in  his  verses,  that  every  man  is  the  architect 
of  his  own  fortune  ;  and  this  proverb  is  especially 
true  of  you,  who  have  excelled  others  to  such  a  de- 
gree that  men  are  sooner  wearied  in  singing  the 
praises  of  your  deeds  than  you  in  doing  deeds  worthy 
of  praise.  But  as  the  work  of  an  architect,  so  the 
achievements  of  virtue  ought  to  be  guarded  with  all 
possible  care,  in  order  that  they  may  not  be  injured 
by  neglect  or  fall  in  ruins  through  weakness.  For  no 
one  willingly  yields  empire  to  another  ;  and  however 
virtuous  and  merciful  one  may  be,  one  who  has  more 
power  is  nevertheless  feared,  since  it  is  lawful  for 
him  to  be  wicked.  The  reason  for  this  is,  that 
potentates  for  the  most  part  have  perverted  ideas 
and  think  themselves  the  more  strongly  entrenched 
the  greater  the  wickedness  of  their  subjects.^  But 
on  the  contrary,  this  should  be  one's  endeavour,  to 

Saturnian  measure  in  imitation  of  the  "Golden  Verses"  of 
Pythagoras ;  see  Cic.  Tusc.  Disp.  4.  2.  4. 
*  See  Cat.  vii.  1  ;  Pliny,  Paneg.  45. 

445 


SALLUST 

decet,  cum  ipse  bonus  atque  strenuus  sis,  uti  quaiii 
optimis  imperites.  Nam  pessumus  quisque  asper- 
rume  rectorem  patitur. 

7  Sed  tibi  hoc  gravius  est,  quam  ante  te  omnibus, 

8  armis  })arta  componere,  quod  bellum  aliorum  pace 
mollius  gessisti.  Ad  hoc  victores  praedam  petunt, 
victi  cives  sunt.  Inter  has  difficultates  evadendum 
est  tibi  atque  in  posterum  firmanda  res  publica  non 
armis  modo  neque  advorsum  hostis,  sed,  quod  multo 

9  multoque  asperius  est,  pacis  bonis  artibus.  Ergo 
omnes    magna,   mediocri  ^    sapientia   res    hue  vocat, 

10  quae  quisque  optuma  potest,  utei  dicant.  Ac  mihi 
sic  videtur :  qualeicumque  modo  tu  victoriam  com- 
posuereis,  ita  alia  omnia  futura. 

II.  Sed    iam,    quo    melius    faciliusque    constituas, 
paucis  quae  me  animus  monet  accipe. 

2  Bellum  tibi  fuit,  imperator,  cum  homine  claro, 
magnis  opibus,  avido  potentiae,  maiore  fortuna  quam 
sapientia,  quem  secuti  sunt  pauci  per  suam  iniuriam 
tibi  inimici,  item  quos  adfinitas  aut  alia  necessitudo 

3  traxit.  Nam  particeps  dominationis  neque  fuit  quis- 
quam  neque,  si  pati  potuisset,  orbis  terrarum   bello 

4  concussus  foret.     Cetera  multitudo  volgi  more  magis 

*  mediocri,  Asulanus ;  mediocris,  V, 

^  cf.  Tacitus,  Agr.  42,  proprium  humani  ingenii  est  odisse 
quem  laeseris. 

446 


SPEECH   TO   CAESAR,  i.  6-11.  4 

be  virtuous  and  valiant  oneself  and  rule  over  subjects 
the  best  possible  ;  for  the  worst  men  most  bitterly 
resent  a  ruler. 

But  for  you  it  is  harder  than  for  all  before  you 
to  administer  your  conquests,  because  your  war  was 
more  merciful  than  their  peace.  Moreover,  the 
victors  demand  booty,  the  vanquished  are  fellow 
citizens.  Amidst  these  difficulties  you  have  to  make 
your  way,  and  strengthen  the  state  for  the  future, 
not  in  arms  only  and  against  the  enemy,  but  also  in 
the  kindly  arts  of  peace,  a  task  far,  far  thornier. 
Therefore  the  situation  calls  upon  all  men,  whether 
of  great  or  of  moderate  wisdom,  to  offer  you  the 
best  advice  of  which  each  is  capable.  And  this  is 
my  opinion  :  even  as  you  use  your  victory,  so  will  the 
whole  future  be. 

II.  But  now,  to  enable  you  the  better  and  more 
easily  to  arrange  matters,  let  me  give  you  in  a  few 
words  what  my  mind  prompts. 

You  waged  war,  Caesar,  with  a  distinguished 
antagonist,  of  great  prowess,  greedy  for  power,  but 
not  wise  so  much  as  favoured  by  fortune.  He  was 
followed  by  a  small  party,  those  who  were  your 
enemies  because  of  the  wrongs  which  they  had  done 
you  ^  and  those  whom  relationship  or  some  other 
tie  had  attached  to  him.  For  no  one  of  them  had 
any  share  in  his  power,  and  if  he  had  been  able 
to  brook  a  rival,  the  world  would  not  have  been 
convulsed  by  war.^  The  rest  took  his  side  rather 
after  the  usual  custom  of  the  multitude  than   from 

2  cf.  Lucan,  Pharsalia,  1.  125: 

Nee  quemquam  iamferre  potest  Caesar ve  priorem 
Pompeiusve  parem. 

447 


SALLUST 

quam    iudicio,  post   alius  alium  quasi  prudentiorem 

5  secuti.  Per  idem  tempus  maledictis  ineiquorum 
occupandae  rei  publicae  in  spem  adducti  homines, 
quibus  omnia  probro  ac  luxuria  polluta  erant,  con- 
currere  in  castra  tua  et  aperte  quieteis  mortem, 
rapinas,  postremo  omnia  quae  corrupto  animo  lube- 

6  bat,  minitari.  Ex  queis  magna  pars,  ubi  neque 
creditum  condonarei  ^  neque  te  civibus  sicuti  hosti- 
bus  uti  vident,  defluxere,  pauci  restitere,  quibus 
mains  otium  in  castris  quam  Romae  futurum  erat ; 

7  tanta  vis  creditorum  impendebat.  Sed  ob  easdem 
causas  immane  dictust  quanti  et  quam  multi  mor- 
tales  postea  ad  Pompeium  discesserint,  eoque  per 
omne  tempus  belli  quasi  sacro  atque  inspoliato  fano 
debitores  usi. 

III.  Igitur  quoniam  tibi  victori  de  bello  atque 
pace  agitandum  est,  hoc  uti  civiliter  deponas,  ilia 
ut  ^  quam  iustissima  et  diuturna  sit,  de  te  ipso 
primum,  qui  ea  compositurus  es,  quid  optimum  factu 

2  sit  existima.  Equidem  ego  cuncta  imperia  crudelia 
magis  acerba  quam  diuturna  arbitror,  neque  quem- 
quam  multis  metuendum  esse,  quin  ad  euni  ex 
multis  formido  reccidat ;  cam  vitam  bellum  aeter- 
num  et  anceps  gerere,  quoniam  neque  adversus 
neque  ab   tergo  aut  lateribus  tutus  sis,  semper  in 

3  periculo  aut  metu  agites.  Contra  qui  benignitate 
et    dementia    imperium    temperavere     iis    laeta    et 

^  condonari,  Cortt  ;  coiulonare,  V. 
2  ut  Aldu»  ;  omitted  by  V. 
448 


SPEECH   TO   CAESAR,  ii.  4-111.  3 

deliberate  choice,  each  man  following  his  neighbour, 
as  if  he  were  wiser  than  himself.  At  the  same  time, 
the  slanders  of  unfair  critics  inspired  men  whose 
whole  lives  were  stained  with  infamy  and  debauchery 
with  the  hope  of  getting  control  of  the  state.  They 
accordingly  flocked  into  your  camp  and  openly 
threatened  peaceable  citizens  with  death,  robbery, 
in  short,  with  everything  that  a  perverted  mind 
could  imagine.  The  greater  number  of  these,  how- 
ever, when  they  saw  that  there  was  no  repudiation  of 
debts  and  that  you  did  not  treat  your  fellow  citizens 
as  enemies,  gradually  dispersed ;  a  few  remained, 
expecting  to  find  more  repose  in  your  camp  than  in 
Rome,  so  great  was  the  throng  of  creditors  that 
there  awaited  them.  But  an  enormous  number  of 
prominent  men  afterwards  went  over  to  Pompey 
from  those  same  motives,  and  debtors  during  the 
whole  course  of  the  war  found  in  him  a  sacred  and 
inviolable  asylum. 

III.  Therefore,  since  you  must  deal  as  victor  with 
both  war  and  peace,  in  order  that  you  may  end  the 
one  in  the  spirit  of  a  good  citizen,  and  make  the  other 
as  just  and  as  lasting  as  possible,  first  consider  what 
your  own  conduct  should  be,  since  the  settlement  of 
the  state  is  your  task.  For  my  own  part,  I  believe 
that  a  cruel  rule  is  always  more  bitter  than  lasting, 
and  that  no  one  is  fearful  to  the  many  but  fear  from 
the  many  recoils  upon  his  head  ;  that  such  a  life  is 
engaged  in  an  eternal  and  dangerous  warfare,  in 
which  there  is  no  safety  in  front,  in  the  rear,  or  on 
the  flanks,  but  always  peril  or  fear.  On  the  con- 
trary, those  who  have  tempered  their  rule  with 
kindness  and  mercy  have  found  everything  happy  and 


449 

O    G 


SALLUST 

Candida  omnia  visa,  etiam  hostes  aequiores  quam 
aliis  1  cives. 
4  Haud  scio  an  qui  me  his  dictis  corruptorem 
victoriae  tuae  nimisque  in  victos  bona  voluntate 
praedicent.  Scilicet  quod  ea,  quae  externis  nationi- 
bus,  natura  nobis  hostibus,  nosque  maioresque  nostri 
saepe  tribuere,  ea  civibus  danda  arbitror,  neque 
barbaro  ritu  caede  caedem  et  sanguinem  sanguine 
expianda. 

IV.  An  ilia,  quae  paulo  ante  hoc  bellum  in  Gn. 
Pompeium  victoriamque  Sullanam  increpabantur, 
oblivio  interfecit :  Domitium,  Carbonem,  Brutum 
alios  item,  non  armatos  neque  in  proelio  belli  iure, 
sed  postea  suppHces  per  summum  scelus  interfectos, 
plebem     Romanam     in    villa   publica    pecoris    modo 

2  conscissam  ?  Eheu  quam  ilia  occulta  civium  funera 
et  repentinae  caedes,  in  parentum  aut  liberorum 
sinum  fuga  mulierum  et  puerorum,  vastatio  domuum 
ante   partam    a   te    victoriam    saeva    atque   crudelia 

3  erant !  Ad  quae  te  idem  illi  hortantur  ;  scilicet  ^  id 
certatum  esse,  utrius  vestrum  arbitrio  iniuriae  fie- 
rent,  neque  receptam  sed  captam  a  te  rem  publicam 
et  ea  causa  exercitus  stipendiis  confectis  optimos  et 

^  aequiores  quam  aliis,  Carrio  ;  nequiores  quam  alii,  V. 
2  et  scilicet,   V ;  et  deleted  by  Jordan. 


1  A  building  in  the  Campus  Martins,  the  headquarters  of 
state  officials  when  taking  the  census  or  lev^'ing  troops.  In 
it  were  lodged  foreign  ambassadors  and  generals  applying 


SPEECH   TO   CAESAR,  iii.  3-iv.  3 

prosperous ;  even  their  enemies  are  more  friendly 
than  their  countrymen  to  others. 

Probably  some  will  declare  that  with  these  words 
I  am  the  miner  of  your  victory,  and  that  I  am  too 
well  disposed  towards  the  vanquished.  Doubtless 
because  I  believe  that  the  same  privileges  which  we 
and  our  forefathers  have  often  granted  to  foreign 
nations,  our  natural  enemies,  ought  to  be  allowed  to 
our  fellow  citizens,  and  that  murder  should  not,  after 
the  manner  of  barbarians,  be  atoned  for  by  murder, 
and  blood  by  blood. 

IV.  Or  has  oblivion  destroyed  the  murmurs  which, 
a  short  time  before  this  war,  were  directed  against 
Gnaeus  Pompeius  and  the  victory  of  Sulla  ;  when  it 
was  said  that  Domitius,  Carbo,  Brutus  and  others 
were  slain,  not  in  arms  nor  in  battle  according  to 
the  laws  of  war,  but  afterwards  with  the  utmost 
barbarity,  while  they  were  begging  for  mercy ;  and 
that  the  Roman  commons  were  slaughtered  like  so 
many  cattle  in  the  Villa  Publica }  ^  Alas !  before 
your  victory  was  won,  how  savage  and  cruel  were 
the  secret  deaths  of  citizens  and  their  sudden 
murder,  the  flight  of  women  or  boys  to  the  bosom 
of  their  parents  or  children,  and  the  devastation  of 
homes !  It  is  to  such  atrocities  that  these  same 
men  are  urging  you,  declaring  indeed  that  the 
purpose  of  the  contest  was  to  determine  which  of 
you  two  should  have  the  right  to  commit  outrages, 
and  maintaining  that  you  did  not  restore  the  state, 
but  took  it  captive.  It  was  for  this  reason,  these 
men  say,  that  after  finishing  their  term  of  service 

for  the  honour  of  a  triumph  ;  here  Sulla  massacred  the  4,000 
prisoners  taken  in  the  battle  at  the  CoUine  Gate  ;  see 
Platner,  Topogr.  of  Rome,  p.  345. 

G    G    2 


SALLUST 

veterrimos  omnium  advorsum  fratres  parentisque  ^ 
armis  contendere ;  ut  ex  alienis  malis  deterrumi 
mortales  ventri  atque  profundae  lubidini  sumptus 
quaererent  atque  essent  opprobria  victoriae,  quorum 
4  flagitiis  commacularetur  bonorum  laus.  Neque  enim 
te  praeterire  puto,  quali  quisque  eorum  more  aut 
modestia^  etiam  turn  dubia  victoria,  sese  gesserit 
quoque  modo  in  belli  administratione  scorta  aut 
convivia  exercuerint  non  nuUi,  quorum  aetas  ne 
per  otium  quidem  talis  voluptatis  sine  dedecore 
attingerit. 

V.  De  bello  satis  dictum.  De  pace  firmanda 
quoniam  tuque  et  omnes  tui  agitatis,  primum  id^ 
quaeso,  considera  quale  sit  de  quo  consultas  ;  ita 
bonis  malisque  dimotis  patenti  via  ad  verum  perges. 

2  Ego  sic  existimo :  quoniam  orta  omnia  intereunt, 
qua  tempestate  urbi  Romanae  fatum  excidii  adven- 
tarit,  civis  cum  civibus  manus  conserturos,  ita  defes- 
sos  et  exsanguis  regi  aut  nationi  praedae  futuros. 
Aliter  non  orbis  terrarum  neque  cunctae  gentes 
conglobatae    movere    aut    contundere    queunt    hoc 

3  imperium.      Firmanda    igitur    sunt    vel     concordiae 

4  bona  et  discordiae  mala  expellenda.     Id  ita  eveniet, 

si    sumptuum     et    rapinarum    licentiam    dempseris,     s 
non  ad  vetera  instituta  revocans,  quae  iam  pridem 
corruptis  moribus  ludibrio  sunt,  sed  si  suam  quoique 

5  rem  familiarem  finem  sumptuum  statueris  ;  quoniam 

1  parentisque  alii  liberos,  V  ;  alii  liberos  deleted  by  Jordan. 
^  The  evocatiy  reservists  or  volunteer  veterans. 


SPEECH    TO   CAESAR,  iv.  3-v.  5 

the  best  and  oldest  soldiers  of  our  armies  ^  contended 
in  battle  against  their  brothers  and  parents  ;  namely, 
that  through  others'  woes  the  worst  of  men  might 
acquire  the  means  to  gratify  their  belly  and  their 
fathomless  lust,  and  be  a  disgrace  to  your  victory 
by  staining  with  their  crimes  the  patriots'  glory. 
For  I  think  you  did  not  fail  to  observe  with  what 
manners  and  discipline  each  one  of  them  conducted 
himself  while  the  victory  was  even  then  uncertain  ; 
and  while  directing  the  war  how  some  of  them  gave 
themselves  up  to  harlots  or  gluttony,  whose  age 
could  not  touch  such  pleasures  without  disgrace 
even  in  time  of  peace. 

V.  Of  war  enough  has  been  said.  Since  it  is  peace 
that  you  and  all  your  followers  are  planning  to  es- 
tablish, first,  I  pray  you,  consider  what  the  aim  is 
which  you  have  in  view ;  in  that  way,  after  separ- 
ating the  good  from  the  evil,  you  will  open  a  broad 
highway  to  the  truth:  My  own  opinion  is  this : 
since  everything  which  has  a  beginning  must  also 
have  an  end,  when  the  day  destined  for  the  de- 
struction of  Rome  shall  come,  citizen  will  battle 
with  citizen ;  that  thus  worn  out  and  enfeebled, 
they  will  fall  a  prey  to  some  king  or  nation.  Other- 
wise not  the  whole  world,  nor  all  the  nations  banded 
together,  can  move  or  crush  this  empire.  You  must 
establish  therefore  even  harmony  with  all  its  bless- 
ings, and  cast  out  the  evils  of  discord.  And  this  can 
be  done,  if  you  will  check  the  frenzied  indulgence  in 
extravagance  and  pillage,  not  by  calling  men  back 
to  the  old  standards,  which  from  the  corruption  of 
our  morals  have  long  since  become  a  farce,  but  by 
fixing  the  amount  of  each  man's  income  as  the  limit 
of  his  expenditure.      For  it  has  become  the  custom 

453 


SALLUST 

is  incessit  mos,  ut  homines  adnlescentuli  sua  atque 
aliena  consuinere_,  nihil  libidinei  atque  aliis  roganti- 
bus  denegare  pulcherrimum  putent,  earn  virtutem 
et  magnitudinem  animi,  pudorem  atque  modestiam 

6  pro  socordia  aestiment.  Ergo  animus  ferox  prava 
via  ingressus,  ubi  consueta  non  suppetunt,  fertur 
accensus  in  socios  modo,  modo  in  civis,  movet  com- 

7  posita  et  res  novas  pro  veteribus  conquirit.^  Quare 
tollendus  est  fenerator  in  posterum,  uti  suas  quisque 

8  res  curemus.  Ea  vera  atque  simplex  via  est  magis- 
tratum  populo^  non  creditori  gerere  et  magnitu- 
dinem animi  in  addendo  non  demendo  rei  publicae 
ostendere. 

VI.  Atque  ego  scio  quam  aspera  haec  res  in  prin- 
cipio  futura  sit,  praesertim  is,  qui  se  in  victoria 
licentius  liberiusque  quam  artius  futuros  credebant. 
Quorum  si  saluti  potius  quam  lubidini  consules,  illos- 
que  nosque  et  socios  in  pace  firma  constitues  ;  sin 
eadem  studia  artesque  iuventuti  erunt,  ne  ista 
egregia  tua  fama  simul  cum  urbe  Roma  brevi 
concidet. 

2  Postremo  sapientes  pacis  causa  bellum  gerunt, 
laborem    spe    otii    sustentant.     Nisi    illam    firmam 

3  efficis,  vinci  an  vicisse  quid  retulit  ?  Quare  capesse, 
per  deos,  rem  publicam  et  omnia  aspera,  uti  soles, 

4  pervade.     Namque   aut   tu  mederi  potes  aut  omit- 

^  pro  veteribus  conquirit,  Jordan ;  veteribus  aec  con- 
quirit  (a  in  aec  erased),  V. 

^  The  text  is  corrupt  and  the  meaning  consecjuently  un- 
certain. 

454 


SPEECH   TO   CAESAR,  v.  5-vi.  4 

for  mere  youths  to  think  it  a  fine  thing  to  waste 
their  own  substance  and  that  of  others,  to  refuse 
nothing  to  their  own  lust  and  the  demands  of  their 
fellows,  to  regard  such  conduct  as  evidence  of  man- 
liness and  high  spirit,  but  to  consider  modesty  and 
self-restraint  as  cowardice.  Therefore  the  head- 
strong spirit,  entering  upon  the  wrong  course,  when 
he  finds  his  habits  no  longer  supplied  hurls  himself 
madly  now  upon  our  allies  and  now  upon  the  citizens, 
subverts  the  established  order  of  things,  and  brings 
about  a  revolution. ^  We  must  therefore  for  the 
future  rid  ourselves  of  the  moneylender,  to  the  end 
that  each  one  of  us  may  take  care  of  his  own  pro- 
perty." This  is  the  only  right  way  to  administer  a 
magistracy  for  the  people  and  not  for  the  creditor, 
and  to  show  greatness  of  soul  by  enriching  the  state, 
not  by  pillaging  it. 

VI.  I  am  well  aware  how  objectionable  this  step 
will  be  at  first,  especially  to  those  who  expected 
to  find  in  the  hour  of  victory  more  licence  and 
freedom  than  restraint.  But  if  you  have  regard  to 
the  welfare  of  such  men  rather  than  to  their  de- 
sires, you  will  establish  both  them  and  us,  along 
with  our  allies,  upon  a  solid  foundation  of  peace. 
But  if  our  youth  continue  to  have  the  same  desires 
and  habits  as  at  present,  beyond  doubt  that  eminent 
renown  of  yours  will  come  to  a  speedy  end,  along 
with  the  city  of  Rome. 

Finally,  wise  men  wage  war  only  for  the  sake  of 
peace  and  endure  toil  in  the  hope  of  quiet ;  unless 
you  bring  about  a  lasting  peace,  what  inattered 
victory  or  defeat?  Therefore,  I  conjure  you  by  the 
gods,  take  the  commonwealth  in  hand  and  surmount 
all  difficulties,  as  you  always  do.      For  either  you  can 

455 


SALLUST 

tenda  est,  cura  omnibus,  Neque  quisquam  te  ad 
crudelis  poenas  aiit  acerba  indicia  invocat^  quibus 
civitas  vastatur  magis  quam  corrigitur,  sed  ut  pravas 
6  artis  malasque  libidines  al)  iuventute  prohibeas.  Ea 
vera  dementia  erit,  consuluisse  ne  merito  cives 
patria  expellerentur,  retinuisse  ab  stultitia  et  falsis 
voluptatibus,  pacem  et  concordiam  stabilivisse,  non 
si  flagitis  opsecutus,  delicta  perpessus  praesens 
gaudium  cum  ^  mox  futuro  malo  concesseris. 

VII.  Ac  mihi  animus,  quibus  rebus  alii  timent, 
maxume  fretus  est :  negotii  magnitudine  et  quia 
tibi  terrae  et  maria  simul  omnia  componenda  sunt. 
Quippe     res    parvas^    tantum    ingenium    attingere 

2  nequeiret^  magnae  curae  magna  merces  est.  Igitur 
provideas  oportet,  uti  pleps^  largitionibus  et  publico 
frumento  corrupta,  habeat  negotia  sua,  quibus  ab 
malo  publico  detineatur ;  iuventus  probitati  et 
industriae,    non    sumptibus    neque    divitiis    studeat. 

3  Id  ita  eveniet,  si  pecuniae,  quae  maxuma  omnium 

4  pernicies  est,  usum  atque  decus^  dempseris.  Nam 
saepe  ego  cum  animo  meo  reputans  quibus  quisque 
rebus  clari  viri  magnitudinem  invenissent  quaeque 
res  populos  nationesve  magnis  auctibus  *  auxissent, 
ac  deinde  quibus  causis  amplissima  regna  et  imperia 
conruissent,  eadem  semper  bona  atque  mala  reperie- 
bam,    omnesque    victores    divitias    contempsisse     et 

^  quoni,  V.  ^  parvas,  Aldus:  pravas,  V. 

^  deciis,  Asulanus;  dedecus,  T. 

*  auctibus,  Ciacconius  ;  auctoribus,  V. 


SPEECH   TO   CAESAR,  vi.  4-vii.  4 

cure  our  ills,  or  else  all  must  give  up  the  attempt. 
No  one,  however,  urges  you  to  cruel  punishments  or 
harsh  sentences,  by  which  our  country  is  rather 
ravaged  than  corrected,  but  rather  to  keep  depraved 
practices  and  evil  passions  far  from  our  youth.  True 
mercy  will  consist  in  taking  care  that  citizens  may 
not  deserve  to  be  banished  from  their  country,  in 
keeping  them  from  folly  and  deceptive  pleasures,  in 
establishing  peace  and  harmony  ;  not  in  being  in- 
dulgent to  crime  and  tolerant  of  offences,  and  in 
allowing  them  a  temporary  gratification  at  the 
expense  of  inevitable  evil  in  the  near  future. 

VII.  And  for  my  own  part,  the  things  which  cause 
fear  to  others  give  me  a  special  confidence  ;  I  mean 
the  greatness  of  the  task  and  the  fact  that  you  have 
the  whole  world  to  set  in  order  by  land  and  by  sea. 
For  a  mind  as  great  as  yours  could  not  touch 
small  matters,  and  great  responsibilities  have  great 
rewards.  Therefore  you  ought  to  provide  that  the 
commons,  who  are  demoralized  by  largess  and  by 
the  free  distribution  of  grain,  shall  have  their  occu- 
pations, by  which  they  may  be  kept  from  public 
mischief;  and  that  our  young  men  may  cultivate 
honesty  and  industry,  not  extravagance  and  the 
pursuit  of  wealth.  This  will  come  to  pass,  if  you 
deprive  money,  which  is  the  root  of  all  evil,  of  its 
advantage  and  honour.  P'or  when  I  have  meditated, 
as  I  often  do,  on  the  means  by  which  various  eminent 
men  acquired  greatness,  and  have  asked  myself  what 
it  is  that  has  greatly  advanced  peoples  and  nations, 
and  then  have  inquired  what  causes  have  brought 
about  the  downfall  of  kingdoms  and  empires,  I 
invariably  found  the  same  virtues  and  the  same 
vices  :    that  the  victors  always  despised  riches,  the 

457 


SALLUST 

5  victos  cupivisse.  Neque  aliter  quisquam  extollere 
sese  et  divina  mortalis  attingere  potest,  nisi  omissis 
pecuniae  et  corporis  gaudiis,  animo  indulgens  non 
adsentando  neque  concupita  praebendo,  pervorsam 
gratiam  gratificans,  sed  in  labore,  patientia,  bonisque 
praeceptis  et  factis  fortibus  exercitando. 

VIII.  Nam  domum  aut  villam  exstruere,  earn 
signis,  aulaeis,  alieisque  operibus  exornare  et  omnia 
potius  quam  semet  visendum  efficere,  id  est  non 
divitias  decori  habere,  sed  ipsum  iilis  flagitio  esse. 

2  Porro  ei,^  quibus  bis  die  ventrem  onerare,  nullam 
noctem  sine  scorto  quiescere  mos  est,  ubi  animum 
quem  dominari  decebat,  servitio  oppressere,  nequei- 
quam  eo  postea  hebeti  atque  claudo  pro  exercito  uti 

3  volunt.  Nam  imprudentia  pleraque  et  se  praecipitat. 
Verum  haec  et  omnia  mala  pariter  cum  honore 
pecuniae  desinent,  si  neque  magistratus  neque  alia 
volgo  cupienda  venalia  erunt. 

4  Ad  hoc  providendum  est  tibi,  quonam  modo  Italia 
atque  provinciae  tutiores  sint ;  id  quod  factu   haud 

5  obscurum  est.  Nam  idem  omnia  vastant,  suas 
deserendo  domos  et  per  iniuriam  alienas  occupando. 

6  Item  ne,  uti  adhuc,  militia  iniusta  aut  inaequalis  sit, 
cum  alii  triginta,  pars  nullum  stipendium  facient.^ 
Et  frumentum  id,  quod  antea  praemium  ignaviae 
fuit,  per  municipia  et  colonias  illis  dare  conveniet, 
qui  stipendiis  emeritis  domos  reverterint. 

1  eis,  V. 

^  Perhaps  faoiunt  is  the  correct  reading,  as  sugyetited  hy 
Jordan. 


SPEECH    TO   CAESAR,  vir.  4-viii.  6 

vanquished  coveted  them.  In  fact,  a  mortal  cannot 
exalt  himself  and  draw  near  to  the  gods  unless  he 
cast  away  the  delights  of  wealth  and  bodily  pleasure, 
and  invite  his  soul,  not  by  flattery,  by  indulging  its 
desires,  by  allowing  it  a  perverse  gratification,  but 
by  exercising  it  in  labour,  in  patience,  in  virtuous 
precepts  and  in  meritorious  deeds. 

VIII.  In  fact,  to  build  a  mansion  or  a  country 
house,  to  adorn  it  with  statues,  tapestries,  and  other 
works  of  art,  to  make  everything  in  it  better  worth 
seeing  than  its  owner,  is  not  to  make  one's  riches 
an  honour,  but  to  be  a  disgrace  to  one's  own  riches. 
Moreover,  when  those  whose  habit  it  is  to  overload 
their  stomachs  twice  a  day,  and  to  pass  no  night 
without  a  harlot,  have  enslaved  the  mind,  which 
ought  to  have  ruled,  it  is  vain  for  them  to  hope  to 
find  it  ready  for  action  after  they  have  dulled  and 
crippled  it.  For  folly  ruins  most  things,  and  even 
itself.  But  these  and  all  other  evils  will  come  to 
an  end  with  the  worship  of  money,  when  neither 
magistracies  nor  any  of  the  other  things  which  the 
vulgar  desire  are  for  sale. 

Besides  this,  you  must  provide  that  Italy  and 
the  provinces  may  be  safer,  which  it  is  not  diffi- 
cult to  accomplish  ;  for  it  is  these  same  men  who 
commit  devastation  everywhere,  by  abandoning  their 
own  homes  and  wrongfully  appropriating  those  of 
others.  You  must  also  provide  that  military  service 
may  not  be  unjust  and  unequal,  as  it  has  been 
hitherto,  when  some  serve  thirty  campaigns  and 
some  none  at  all.  It  will  be  right  too  that  the 
grain  which  was  once  made  the  reward  of  idleness 
be  taken  to  the  free  towns  and  colonies  and  distri- 
buted to  those  soldiers  who  have  returned  to  their 

homes  after  having  served  their  time. 

^  459 


'       SALLUST 

7  Quae  rei  publicae  necessaria  tibiqiie  gloriosa  ratus 

8  sum,  quam  paucissimis  apsolvi.     Non  peius  videtur 

9  pauca  nunc  de  facto  meo  disserere.  Plerique  mor- 
tales  ad  iudicandum  satis  ingenii  habent  aut 
simulant ;  verum  enim  ad  reprehendunda  aliena 
facta  aut  dicta  ardet  omnibus  animus,  vix  satis 
apertum  os  aut  lingua  prompta  videtur,  quae 
meditata    pectore    evolvat.^     Quibus    me  subiectum 

10  haud  paenitet,  magis  reticuisse  pigeret.  Nam  sive 
hac  seu  meliore  alia  via  perges,  a  me  quidem  pro 
virili  parte  dictum  et  adiutum  fuerit.  Relicuum  est 
optare  uti  quae  tibi  placuerint  ea  di  immortales 
adprobent  beneque  evenire  sinant. 

1  evolat,  V. 


460 


SPEECH   TO    CAESAR,  viii.  7-10 

I  have  set  forth  in  the  fewest  possible  words  the 
conduct  which  I  think  will  benefit  our  country  and 
bring  glory  to  you.  It  now  seems  in  place  to  say  a 
word  or  two  about  my  act.^  Most  men  have,  or 
pretend  to  have,  sufficient  ability  to  sit  in  judgment ; 
indeed,  all  are  so  eager  to  censure  the  doings  or 
sayings  of  other  men  that  hardly  any  mouth  is  suffi- 
ciently open,^  or  any  tongue  sufficiently  ready,  to  give 
utterance  to  the  thoughts  of  their  hearts.  1  do  not 
regret  having  subjected  myself  to  the  criticism  of 
such  men  ;  1  should  feel  more  regret  for  having  kept 
silence.  For  whether  you  take  this  course  or  some 
better  one,  I  shall  have  the  consciousness  of  having 
advised  and  aided  you  to  the  best  of  my  ability. 
It  only  remains  to  pray  that  the  immortal  gods  may 
approve  your  decision  and  grant  it  a  happy  issue. 

^  Namely,  the   motives  which  have  led  me   to   give  you 
advice. 

^  That  is,  apparently,  can  be  quickly  enough  opened. 


461 


AD   CAESAREM    SENEM    DE   RE    PUBLICA 
EPISTULA 

I.  Scio  ego  quam  difficile  atque  asperum  factu  sit 
consilium  dare  regi  aut  imperatori,  postremo  quoi- 
quam  mortali^  quoius  opes  in  excelso  sunt ;  quippe 
cum  et  illis  consultorum  copiae  adsint  neque  de 
futuro  quisquam  satis  callidus  satisque  prudens  sit. 

2  Quin  etiam  saepe  prava  magis  quam  bona  consilia 
prospere  eveniunt^  quia  plerasque  res  fortuna  ex 
libidine  sua  agitat. 

3  Sed  mihi  studium  fuit  adulescentulo  rem  publicam 
capessere,  atque  in  ea  cognoscenda  multam  magnam- 
que  curam  habui ;  non  ita  ut  magistratum  niodo 
caperem,  quem  multi  malis  artibus  adepti  erant,  sed 
etiam  ut  rem  publicam  domi  militiaeque  quantumque 
armis,   viris^    opulentia    posset    cognitum    habuerim. 

4  Itaque  mihi  multa  cum  animo  agitanti  consilium 
fuit  famam  modestidmque  meam  post  tuam  digni- 
tatem haberei  et  quoius  rei  lubet  periculum  facere^ 

5  dum  quid  tibi  ex  eo  gloriae  acciderit.  Idque  non 
temere  neque  ex  fortuna  tua  decrevi,  sed  quia  in  te 
praeter  ceteras  artem  unam  egregie  mirabilem 
comperi,  semper  tibi   maiorem  in  adversis  quam  in 

6  secundis  rebus  animum  esse.    Sed  per  ceteros  morta- 


462* 


LETTER  TO  CAESAR  ON  THE  STATE 

I.  I  FUi^LY  realize  how  difficult  and  dangerous  a 
task  it  is  to  give  counsel  to  a  king  or  to  a  ruler, 
indeed,  to  anyone  who  possesses  supreme  authority  ; 
for  such  men  have  an  abundance  of  counsellors,  and 
besides,  no  one  can  be  sufficiently  clever  and  suffi- 
ciently wise  with  regard  to  the  future.  Nay,  more, 
bad  counsel  often  has  a  better  result  than  good, 
since  Fortune  commonly  directs  the  course  of  events 
according  to  her  own  caprice. 

In  my  early  youth  ^  I  had  a  desire  to  embark  upon 
a  political  career  and  in  preparing  for  it  I  spent 
long  and  diligent  labour,  hoping  not  merely  to  be 
elected  to  office,  which  many  had  attained  through 
dishonourable  means,  but  also  to  make  myself  familiar 
with  the  administration  of  public  business  at  home 
and  abroad  and  with  the  resources  of  our  country  in 
arms,  men,  and  money.  In  consequence  of  this  I 
have  determined,  after  much  counsel  with  myself,  to 
subordinate  my  own  reputation  and  modesty  to  your 
honour,  and  to  venture  upon  anything  whatever, 
jprovided  only  that  it  will  contribute  something  to 
your  glory.  And  I  have  come  to  this  decision,  not 
lightly  or  from  regard  for  your  fortune,  but  because 
in  you  I  found,  in  addition  to  other  qualities,  one 
unusually  admirable,  that  your  spirit  was  always 
greater  in  adversity  than  in  prosperity.       But  that 

^  c/.  Gat.  iii. 

463 


SALLUST 

lis  ilia  res  clarior  est,  quod  priiis  defessi  sunt  homines 
laudando  atque  admirando  munificentiam  tuam, 
quani  tu  in  faciundo  quae  gloria  digna  essent. 

II.  Equidem  mihi  decretum  est  nihil  tarn  ex  alto 
repeti  posse,  quod  non  cogitanti  tibi  in  promptu  sit. 

2  Neque  eo  quae  visa  sunt  de  re  publica  tibi  scripsi, 
quia  mihi  consilium  atque  ingenium  nieum  amplius 
aequo  probaretur,  sed  inter  labores  militiae  interque 
proelia,     victorias,     imperium    statui     admonendum 

3  te  de  negotiis  urbanis.  Namque  tibi  si  id  modo  in 
pectore  consilii  est,  ut  te  ab  inimicorura  impetu 
vindices,  quoque  modo  contra  adversum  consulem 
beneficia  populi  retineas,  indigna  virtute  tua  cogitas. 

4  Sin  in  te  ille  animus  est  qui  iam  a  principio  nobili- 
tatis  factionem  disturbavit,^  plebem  Romanam  ex 
gravi  servitute  in  libertatem  restituit,  in  praetura 
inimicorum  arma  inermis  disiecit,  domi  militiaeque 
tanta  et  tam  praeclara  facinora  fecit,  ut  ne  inimici 
quidem  queri  quicquam  audeant  nisi  de  magnitudine 
tua :  quin  tu  accipe  ea  quae  dicam  de  summa  re 
publica.  Quae  profecto  aut  vera  invenies  aut  certe 
baud  procul  a  vero. 

III.  Sed  quoniam  Cn.  Pompeius,  aut  animi  pravi- 
tate  aut  quia  nihil   eo  maluit  quod  tibi  obesset,  ita 

^  disturbabit,  V. 


^  In  particular,  the  extension  of  his  military  command 
and  the  privilege  of  becoming  a  candidate  for  the  consulship 
in  his  absence  from  Rome. 

464 


LETTER   TO    CAESAR,  i.  6-111.    i 

is  made  more  manifest  by  the  rest  of  the  world, 
because  men  are  sooner  wearied  in  praising  and 
admiring  your  munificence  than  you  are  in  doing 
deeds  worthy  of  praise. 

II.  For  my  own  part,  I  am  convinced  that  nothing 
so  deep  can  be  found  that  your  thoughts  cannot 
easily  grasp  it ;  and  I  have  written  you  my  views 
upon  public  affairs,  not  because  I  thought  more 
highly  than  is  proper  of  my  own  counsel  and  my 
own  ability,  but  because  it  seemed  to  me  that 
during  the  toil  of  war,  amid  battles,  victories  and  tl  e 
duties  of  a  commander,  you  ought  to  be  reminded  of 
the  interests  of  our  city.  For  if  you  have  in  your 
heart  this  consideration  only,  how  you  may  protect 
yourself  against  the  assaults  of  your  enemies  and 
retain  the  favours  of  the  people  ^  in  opposition  to  a 
hostile  consul,'^  your  thoughts  are  unworthy  of  your 
manhood.  But  if  you  have  in  you  the  spirit  which 
has  from  the  very  beginning  dismayed  the  faction  of 
the  nobles,  which  restored  the  Roman  commons  to 
freedom  after  a  grievous  slavery,  which  in  your 
praetorship  routed  your  armed  enemies  without 
resort  to  arms,^  which  has  achieved  so  many  and  such 
glorious  deeds  at  home  and  abroad  that  not  even 
your  enemies  dare  to  make  any  complaint  except 
of  your  greatness  :  if  you  have  that  spirit,  pray  give 
ear  to  what  I  shall  say  about  our  country's  welfare. 
You  will  assuredly  find  it  either  true  or  at  all  events 
not  far  from  the  truth. 

III.  Now,  since  Gnaeus  Pompeius,  either  from 
perversity  of  spirit  or  because  he  desired  above  all 

^  Referring  to  Lucius  Cornelius  Lentulus  Crus,  consul  in 
49  B.C.,  or  his  colleague  Gains  Claudius  Marcellus.  This 
seems  to  be  the  time  assumed  by  the  writer  of  the  letter. 

»  See  Suet.  Jul.  16. 

465 

H     H 


SALLUST 

lapsus  est  ut  hostibus  tela  in  maims  iaceret,  quibus 
ille   rebus    rem    publicam    conturbavit,    eisdem    tibi 

2  restituendum  est.  Primum  omnium  summam  pote- 
statem  moderandi  de  vectigalibus^  sumptibus,  iudiciis 
senatoribus  paucis  tradidit,  plebem  Romanam_,quoius 
antea    summa    potestas    erat,    ne    aequeis    quidem 

3  legibus  in  servitute  reliquit.  ludicia  tametsi,  sicut 
antea,  tribus  ordinibus  tradita  sunt,  tamen  idem  illi 
factiosi  regunt,  dant,  adimunt  quae  lubet,^  innocentis 

4  circumveniunt,  suos  ad  honorem  extoUunt.  Non 
facinus,  non  probrum  aut  flagitium  obstat,  quo  minus 
magistratus  capiant.  Quos  commodum  est  trahunt, 
rapiunt ;  postremo  tamquam  urbe  capta  libidine  ac 

5  licentia  sua  pro  legibus  utuntur.  Ac  me  quidem 
inediocris  dolor  angeret,  si  virtute  partam  victoriam 

6  more  suo  per  servitium  exercerent.  Sed  homines 
inertissimi,  quorum  omnis  vis  virtusque  in  lingua 
sita  est,  forte  atque  alterius  socordia  dominationem 

7  oblatam  insolentes  agitant.  Nam  quae  seditio  aut 
dissensio  civilis  tot  tam  illustris  familias  ab  stirpe 
evertit?  Aut  quorum  umquam  in  victoria  animus 
tam  praeceps  tamque  immoderatus  fuit  ? 

IV.  L.  Sulla,  cui  omnia  in  victoria  lege  belli 
licuerunt,  tametsi  supplicio  hostium  partis  suas 
muniri  intellegebat,  tamen  paucis  interfectis  ceteros 

»  luget,  V. 
466 


LETTER   TO   CAESAR,  iii.  i-iv.  i 

things  to  injure  you,  has  fallen  so  low  as  to  2:)ut  arms 
into  the  hands  of  the  enemy,  you  must  restore  the 
government  by  the  same  means  by  which  he  has  over- 
thrown it.  To  begin  with,  he  gave  a  few  senators 
the  absolute  power  of  regulating  the  revenues,  the 
expenditures  and  the  courts,  leaving  the  commons  of 
Rome,  who  once  held  the  supreme  power,  in  slavery, 
under  laws  which  are  not  even  alike  for  all.  For 
even  though  the  courts,  as  before,  have  been 
entrusted  to  the  three  orders,^  yet  that  same  faction 
controls  them,  gives  and  takes  away  whatever  it 
pleases,  defrauds  the  innocent,  elevates  its  mem- 
bers to  high  positions.  Neither  crime  nor  shame 
nor  disgrace  bars  them  from  holding  office.  They 
rob  and  pillage  where  it  suits  them  ;  finally,  just  as 
if  they  had  taken  the  city  captive,  they  regard  their 
own  will  and  caprice  as  law.  And  so  far  as  I  am 
concerned,  I  should  feel  but  moderate  resentment, 
if  they  had  won  by  valour  that  victory  which,  ac- 
cording to  their  custom,  they  are  making  an  instru- 
ment of  slavery.  But  these  most  cowardly  of  men, 
whose  whole  power  and  courage  lies  in  the  tongue, 
are  insolently  exercising  a  tyranny  which  they  have 
acquired  by  chance  and  through  the  incapacity  of 
another.  For  what  rebellion  or  civil  dissension  has 
utterly  destroyed  so  many  illustrious  families  ?  Or 
who  ever  had  in  victory  a  spirit  so  frenzied  and  so 
unbridled. 

IV.  Lucius  Sulla,  to  whom  the  laws  of  war  allowed 
unrestrained  power  in  his  victory,  although  he  knew 
that  by  the  execution  of  his  foes  he  could  strengthen 
his  party,  yet  put  but  few  to  death,  preferring  to 

^  The  senators,   knights,  and   tribuni  aerarii  ;    cf.    Suet. 
Jul.  41.  2. 

467 

H    H    2 


SALLUST 

2  beneficio  quam  metu  retinere  maluit.  At  hercule  a 
M.  Catone^^  L.  Domitio,  ceterisque  eiusdem  factionis 
quadraginta  senatores,  multi  praeterea  cum  spe  bona 
adulescentes  sicutei  hostiae  mactati  sunt,  quom 
interea  importuniseuma  genera  hominum  tot  miser- 
orum  civium  sanguine  satiari  nequierunt ;  non  orbi 
liberi,  non  parentes  exacta  aetate,  non  luctus^, 
gemitus  virorura  mulierum  immanem  eorum  animum 
inflexit,  quein  acerbius  in  dies  male  faciundo  ac 
dicundo  dignitate  alios,  alios  civitate  eversum  irent. 

3  Nam  quid  ego  de  te  dicam  ?  cuius  contumeliam 
homines  ignavissimi  vita  sua  commutare  volunt, 
si  liceat.  Neque  illis  tantae  voluptati  est,  tametsi 
insperantibus  accidit,  dominatio  quanto  maerori  tua 
dignitas ;  quein  optatius  habent  ex  tua  calamitate 
periculum    libertatis    facere,    quam    per    te     populi 

4  Romani  imperium  maximum  ex  magno  fieri.  Quo 
magis  tibi  etiam  atque  etiam  animo  prospiciendum 

5  est,  quonam  modo  rem  stabilias  communiasque.  Mihi 
quidem  quae  mens  suppetit  eloqui  non  dubitabo. 
Ceterum  tuei  erit  ingenii  probare,  quae  vera  atque 
utilia  factu  putes. 

V.   In  duas  partes  ego  civitatem  divisam  arbitror, 

sicut  a  maioribus  accepi,  in  patres  et  plebem.   Antea 

in  patribus  summa  auctoritas  erat,  vis  multo  maxuma 

2  in   plebe.     Itaque    saepius    in  civitate    secessio  fuit 

^  at  hercule  a  M.   Catone,  Mommsen  ;   atherculeni  cato- 
nem,  V. 

^  Referring  to  the  censorship  of  Appius  Claudius,  to  which 
Sallust  fell  a  victim  ;  see  Introd.  p.  viii. 

468 


I 
i 


LETTER   TO   CAESAR,  iv.  i-v.  2 

hold  the  rest  by  kindness  rather  than  by  intimidation. 
But,  by  Heaven  !  Marcus  Cato,  Lucius  Domitius,  and 
the  others  of  that  faction,  have  butchered  forty 
senators  and  many  young  men  of  excellent  promise 
like  so  many  sacrificial  victims  ;  and  yet  meanwhile 
the  blood  of  so  many  wretched  citizens  has  not  been 
enougrh  to  sate  those  most  ruthless  of  men.  Not 
orphans  and  aged  parents,  not  the  grief  and  lamen- 
tation of  men  and  women,  could  turn  them  from 
their  inhuman  purpose  ;  nay,  harsher  in  deed  and 
word  day  by  day,  they  have  deprived  some  of  their 
rank,i  others  of  their  citizenship. ^  What  shall  I 
say  of  you,  whose  humiliation,  if  it  were  possible, 
those  basest  of  creatures  would  buy  at  the  cost  of 
their  own  lives  ?  And  they  do  not  feel  so  much 
pleasure  in  their  supremacy,  although  it  is  more  than 
they  had  hoped  for,  as  they  do  chagrin  at  your  glory. 
Nay,  they  would  prefer  to  endanger  liberty  by  your 
downfall,  rather  than  that  through  you  the  empire 
of  the  Roman  people  from  being  merely  great 
should  become  the  greatest.  Therefore  it  behooves 
you  again  and  again  to  consider  by  what  means  you 
may  strengthen  and  fortify  your  country.  For  my- 
self, I  shall  not  hesitate  to  utter  what  my  mind 
prompts,  but  it  wdll  be  for  your  judgment  to  de- 
termine which  of  my  suggestions  you  think  wise 
and  helpful. 

V.  I  believe,  as  I  have  learned  from  our  fore- 
fathers, that  our  commonwealth  is  divided  into  two 
bodies,  the  patricians  and  the  plebeians.  In  days  of 
old  the  patricians  had  the  chief  authority,  but  the 
commons  by  far  the  greatest  numerical  strength. 
Therefore  secessions  occurred   on  several  occasions  ^ 

2  By  driving  them  into  exile,         '  See  p.  56,  note  2. 

469 


SALLUST 

semperque    nobilitatis    opes  deminutae    sunt   et  ius 

3  popiili  amplificatum.  Sed  plebs  eo  libere  agitabat, 
quia  nuUius  potentia  super  leges  erat  neque  divitiis 
aut  superbia  sed  bona  fama  factisque  fortibus  nobilis 
ignobilem  anteibat ;  humillimus  quisque  in  arvis  ^ 
aut  in  militia  nuUius  honestae  rei  egens  satis  sibi 
satisque  patriae  erat. 

4  Sed  ubi  eos  paulatim  expulsos  agris  inertia  atque 
inopia  incertas  domos  habere  subegit,  coepere  alienas 
opes  petere,  libertatem  suam  cum  re  publica  venalem 

5  habere.  Ita  paulatim  populus,  qui  dominus  erat^ 
cunctis  gentibus  imperitabat^  dilapsus  est  et  pro 
communi  imperio  privatim  sibi  quisque    servitutem 

6  peperit.  Haec  igitur  multitudo  primum  malis  mori- 
bus  imbuta,  deinde  in  artis  vitasque  varias  dispalata, 
nullo  modo  inter  se  congruens^  parum  mihi  quidem 
idonea     videtur     ad     capessendam     rem     publicam. 

7  Ceterum  additis  novis  civibus  magna  me  spes 
tenet  fore  ut  omnes  expergiscantur  ad  libertatem ; 
quippe  cum  illis  libertatis  retinendae,  tum  his  ser- 

8  vitutis  amittendae  cura  orietur.  Hos  ego  censeo 
permixtos  cum  veteribus  novos  in  coloniis  con- 
stituas ;  ita  et  res  militaris  opulentior  erit  et  plebs 
bonis  negotiis  impedita  malum  publicum  facere 
desinet. 

1  arvis,  Dousa ;  armis,  V, 
470 


LETTER   TO   CAESAR,  v.  2-8 

and  the  power  of  the  nobles  was  constantly  curtailed, 
while  the  privileges  of  the  commons  were  extended. 
But  in  those  days  the  reason  why  the  commons  en- 
joyed freedom  was  because  no  man's  power  was 
superior  to  the  laws_,  and  because  the  noble  sur- 
passed the  commoner,  not  in  riches  or  ostentation, 
but  in  good  repute  and  valiant  deeds  ;  while  the 
humblest  citizen  lacked  nothing  for  which  he  could 
honourably  wish  either  in  the  fields  or  in  military 
service,  but  was  sufficient  for  himself  and  for  his 
country. 

When,  however,  idleness  and  poverty  gradually 
drove  the  commons  from  the  fields  and  forced  them 
to  live  without  a  fixed  abode,  they  began  to  covet 
the  riches  of  other  men  and  to  regard  their  liberty 
and  their  country  as  objects  of  traffic.  Thus  little 
by  little  the  people,  which  had  been  sovereign  and 
had  exercised  authority  over  all  nations,  became 
degenerate,  and  each  man  bartered  his  share  of  the 
common  sovereignty  for  slavery  to  one  man.  Hence 
this  population  of  ours,  at  first  acquiring  evil  habits 
and  then  divided  by  different  employments  and 
modes  of  life,  since  it  has  no  bond  of  union,  seems 
to  me  quite  unfitted  to  govern  the  state.  But  if 
new  citizens  should  be  added  to  their  number,  I 
have  high  hopes  that  all  would  be  aroused  to  a 
sense  of  freedom ;  for  the  new  citizens  will  feel  a 
desire  to  retain  their  liberty,  those  who  are  already 
citizens  will  long  to  throw  off  the  yoke  of  slavery. 
I  therefore  advise  you  to  settle  these  newcomers, 
along  with  the  earlier  citizens,  in  colonies ;  for  in 
this  way  our  military  power  will  be  the  greater, 
and  the  commons,  being  occupied  with  useful  occu- 
pations, will  cease  to  work  public  mischief, 

47' 


SALLUST 

VI.  Sed  non  inscius  neque  imprudens  sum,  quom 
ea  res  agetur,  quae  saevitia  quaeque  tempestates 
hominum  nobilium  futurae  sint,  quomindignabuntur, 
omnia  funditus  misceri,  antiquis  civibus  banc  servi- 
tutem  imponi,  regnum  deiiique  ex  libera  civitate 
futurum,    ubi    unius    munere    multitude    ingens    in 

2  civitatem  pervenerit.  Equidem  ego  sic  apud  animuni 
meum  statuo  :  malum  facinus  in  se  admittere,  qui 
incommodo  rei  publicae  gratiam  sibi  conciliet ;  ubi 
bonum  publicum  etiam  privatim  usui  est,  id  vero 
dubitare  aggredi,  socordiae  atque  ignaviae  duco. 

3  M.  Druso  semper  consilium  fuit  in  tribunatu 
summa  ope  niti  pro  nobilitate  ;  neque  ullam  rem  in 
principio  agere  intendit,  nisi  illei  auctores  fuerant. 

4  Sed  homines  factiosi,  quibus  dolus  atque  malitia  fide 
cariora  erant,  ubi  intellexerunt  per  unum  hominem 
maxumum  beneficium  multis  mortalibus  dari,  vide- 
licet sibi  quisque  conscius  malo  atque  infido  animo 
esse,    de     M.     Druso     iuxta    se  ^    existumaverunt. 

5  Itaque  metu  ne  per  tantam  gratiam  solus  rerum 
poteretur,    contra    eam   nisi,  sua   et  ipseius  consilia 

6  disturbaverunt.  Quo  tibi,  imperator,  maiore  ^  cura 
fideique  amici  et  multa  praesidia  paranda  sunt. 

VII.  Hostem  adversum  deprimere  strenuo  homini 
baud  difficilest ;  occulta  pericula  neque  facere  neque 

^  iuxta  se,  Jordan;  i\ixta  ac  se,  V ;  iuxta  ac  de  se, 
Gerlach.  ^  maiore,  Gerlach ;  maior,  V. 

^  Tribune  in  91  i^.c.  He  attempted  to  carry  out  reforms 
which  would  have  been  advantageous  both  to  the  nobles  and 

472 


LETTER   TO    CAESAR,  vi.  i-vii.  i 

VI.  I  am  not,  however,  ignorant  or  unaware  what 
rage  and  what  tempests  the  execution  of  this  project 
will  rouse  among  the  nobles,  who  will  cry  out  that 
the  very  foundations  of  society  are  being  undermined, 
that  this  is  the  same  as  enslaving  the  original 
citizens ;  in  short,  that  a  free  state  will  be  trans- 
formed into  a  monarchy,  if  citizenship  is  conferred 
upon  a  great  multitude  through  the  bounty  of  one 
man.  But  while  it  is  my  firm  conviction  that  he 
commits  a  crime  who  tries  to  win  popular  favour  at 
the  cost  of  his  country's  welfare,  yet  when  a  public 
service  is  at  the  same  time  to  the  advantage  of  one 
man,  to  hesitate  on  that  account  to  undertake  it 
I  consider  a  mark  of  folly  and  cowardice. 

Marcus  Drusus^  always  intended  to  exert  his 
every  power  during  his  tribunate  for  the  nobles,  and 
at  first  he  took  no  step  without  their  sanction.  But 
a  faction  to  whom  treachery  and  dishonesty  were 
dearer  than  honour  perceived  that  the  greatest  of 
benefits  ^  was  being  conferred  upon  many  by  one 
man  ;  and  just  because  all  of  them  were  conscious 
of  having  evil  and  disloyal  minds,  they  judged 
Marcus  Drusus  to  be  like  themselves.  Fearing  there- 
fore that  by  conferring  such  a  favour  he  might  ac- 
quire supreme  power,  they  strove  to  prevent  it  and 
thus  ruined  his  plans  and  their  own  as  well.  With 
this  example  before  you,  my  general,  it  behooves 
you  the  more  carefully  to  surround  yourself  with 
loyal  friends  and  with  many  defences. 

VII.  An  enemy  in  front  can  be  overthrown  without 
difficulty  by  a  stout-hearted  man,  but  hidden  snares 

to  the  people,  and  to  extend  the  franchise  to  all  the  Itahans ; 
but  he  fell  victim  to  an  unknown  assassin. 

2  Namely,  citizenship  ;  see  the  preceding  note. 

473 


SALLUST 

2  vitare  bonis  in  promptu  est.  Igitur,  ubi  eos  in 
civitateni  adduxeris,  quoniani  qiiideni  renovata  plebs 
erit^  in  ea  re  maxume  animum  exerceto,  ut  colantur 
boni  mores,  concord ia  inter  veteres  et  novos  coal- 

3  escat.  Sed  multo  maxumum  bonum  patriae,  civibus, 
tibi,  liberis,  postremo  humanae  genti  pepereris,  si 
studium  pecuniae  aut  sustuleris  aut,  quoad  res  feret,^ 
ininueris.     Aliter   neque  privata  res  neque   publica 

4  neque  domi  neque  militiae  regi  potest.  Nam  ubi 
cupido  divitiarum  invasit,  neque  disciplina  neque 
artes  bonae  neque  ingenium  ullum  satis  pollet,  quin 
animus   magis   aut  minus    mature,  postremo   tamen 

5  succumbat.  Saepe  iam  audivi,  qui  reges,  quae  civi- 
tates  et  nationes  per  opulentiam  magna  imperia 
amiserint,  quae    per   virtutem    inopes    ceperant ;  id 

6  adeo^  baud  mirandum  est.  Nam  ubi  bonus  de- 
teriorem  divitiis  magis  clarum  magisque  acceptum 
videt,  primo  aestuat  multaque  in  pectore  volvit ;  sed 
ubi  gloria  honorem  magis  in  dies,  virtutem  opulentia 

7  vincit,  animus  ad  voluptatem  a  vero  deficit.  Quippe 
gloria  industria  alitur,  ubi  eam  dempseris  ipsa  per  se 

8  virtus  amara  atque  aspera  est.  Postremo  ubi  divitiae 
clarae    habentur,  ibi    omnia    bona    vilia   sunt,  fides, 

9  probitas,  pudor,  pudicitia.  Nam  ad  virtutem  via 
ardua  ^  est,  ad  pecuniam  qua  cuique  lubet  nititur; 
et  malis  et  bonis  rebus  ea  creator. 


1  feret,  Aldus  ;  referet,  V. 
*  id  adeo,  Asulanun  ;  ideo,  V. 

'•''  via  ardua,  Jordan ;  una  ardua  est,  V ;  una  et  ardua  via 
est,  Aldus. 

474 


LETTER   TO    CAESAR,  vii.  1-9 

are  not  commonly  laid  or  readily  avoided  by  the 
honourable.  Since  therefore  by  the  introduction  of 
new  citizens  into  the  commonwealth  the  commons 
will  be  regenerated,  you  should  devote  particular 
attention  to  the  problem  of  fostering  good  morals 
and  establishing  harmony  between  the  old  and  the 
new  burgesses.  But  by  far  the  greatest  blessing 
which  you  can  confer  upon  your  country  and  fellow 
citizens,  upon  yourself  and  your  children,  in  short, 
upon  all  mankind,  will  be  either  to  do  away  with 
the  pursuit  of  wealth  or  to  reduce  it  so  far  as  cir- 
cumstances permit.  Otherwise,  neither  public  nor 
private  affairs  can  be  regulated  at  home  or  abroad. 
For  wherever  the  desire  for  riches  has  penetrated, 
neither  education,  nor  good  qualities,  nor  talents, 
can  prevent  the  mind  from  at  last  yielding  to  it 
sooner  or  later.  Often  before  this  I  have  heard  how 
kings,  how  cities  and  nations  have  lost  mighty  em- 
pires through  opulence,  which  they  had  won  through 
valour  when  in  poverty;  and  such  a  loss  is  not  at 
all  surprising.  For  when  the  good  sees  the  baser 
by  riches  made  more  renowned  and  more  beloved, 
at  first  he  boils  with  anger  and  feels  much  per- 
plexed ;  but  when  more  and  more  each  day  vain- 
glory prevails  over  honour,  opulence  over  merit,  his 
mind  turns  to  pleasure  and  forsakes  the  truth.  In 
fact,  endeavour  feeds  upon  glory ;  take  that  away, 
and  virtue  by  itself  is  bitter  and  harsh.  Finally, 
wherever  riches  are  regarded  as  a  distinction,  there 
honour,  uprightness,  moderation,  chastity  and  all  the 
virtues  are  lightly  esteemed.  For  the  path  to  virtue 
is  steep ;  to  riches  one  may  mount  wherever  one 
chooses,  and  they  may  be  won  by  means  either 
honourable  or  dishonourable. 

475 
/ 


SALLUST 

10  Ergo  in  primis  auctoritatem  pecuniae  demito. 
Neque  de  capite  neque  de  honore  ex  copiis  quisquam 
magis  aut  minus  iudicaverit,  sicut  neque  praetor 
neque    consul     ex    opulentia    verum    ex     dignitate 

11  creetur.  Sed  de  magistratu  facile  populi  iudiciuni 
fit ;  iudices  a  paucis  probari  regnum  est,  ex  pecunia 
legi  inhonestum.  Quare  omnes  primae  classis  iu- 
dicare    placet,    sed   numero    plures    quam    iudicant. 

12  Neque  Rhodios  neque  alias  civitates  unquam  iudi- 
ciorum  suorum  paenituit,  ubi  promiscue  dives  et 
pauper,  ut  cuique  fors  tulit,  de  maximis  rebus  iuxta 
ac  de  minimis  disceptat.  • 

VIII.  Sed  magistratibus  creandis  liaud  mihi 
quidem  apsurde  placet  lex,  quam  C.  Gracchus  in 
tribunatu    promulgaverat,    ut    ex    confusis    quinque 

2  classibus  sorte  centuriae  vocarentur.  Ita  coae- 
quatur  ^    dignitate    pecunia,     virtute    anteire    alius 

3  alium  properabit.  Haec  ego  magna  remedia  contra 
divitias  statuo.  Nam  perinde  omnes  res  laudantur 
atque  appetuntur,  ut  earum  rerum  usus  est.  Ma- 
litia  praemiis  exercetur ;    ubi    ea    dempseris,    nemo 

4  omnium  gratuito  malus  est.  Ceterum  avaritia  belua 
fera,  immanis,  intoleranda  est ;  quo  intendit,  oppida, 
agros,  fana  atque  domos  vastat,  divina  cum  humanis 
permiscet,  neque  exercitus  neque  moenia  obstant, 
quo  minus  vi  sua  penetret ;  fama,  pudicitia,  liberis, 

^  coaequantur,  V. 

^  See  Ju(j.  Ixxxvi.  2,  and  the  note. 

*  To  give  their  votes  ;  instead  of  having  all  the  centuries 
of  the  first-class  vote  first,  and  so  on. 

476 


LETTER   TO   CAESAR,  vii.  lo-viii.  4 

First  of  all  then,  deprive  money  of  its  importance. 
Let  no  one  be  given  greater  or  less  opportunity 
according  to  his  wealth  to  serve  as  a  juror  in  cases 
involving  life  or  honour;  just  as  no  consul  or  praetor 
should  be  chosen  because  of  his  riches,  but  because 
of  his  worth.  In  the  case  of  a  magistrate,  however, 
the  people  can  easily  decide ;  but  for  jurors  to  be 
selected  by  a  faction  is  tyranny,  for  them  to  be 
chosen  on  the  basis  of  money  is  shameful.  It 
therefore  seems  to  me  fitting  that  all  citizens  of  the 
first  class  ^  should  be  eligible  as  jurors,  but  that  they 
should  serve  in  somewhat  greater  numbers  than  at 
present.  Neither  the  Rhodians  nor  the  citizens  of 
any  other  state  have  ever  had  occasion  to  be  ashamed 
of  their  courts,  where  rich  and  poor  alike,  according 
to  the  fortune  of  the  lot,  decide  indiscriminately 
matters  of  greatest  or  of  slight  importance. 

VIII.  As  regards  the  election  of  magistrates,  I 
for  my  part  very  naturally  approve  the  law  which 
Gaius  Gracchus  proposed  in  his  tribunate,  that  the 
centuries  should  be  called  up  by  lot  ^  from  the  five 
classes  without  distinction.  In  this  way  money  and 
worth  are  put  on  an  equality  ^  and  each  man  will 
strive  to  outdo  his  fellow  in  merit.  These  ar6  the 
great  safeguards  which  I  have  to  propose  against  the 
power  of  riches ;  for  everything  is  valued  and  sought 
for  according  to  the  advantages  which  it  offers. 
Wickedness  is  practised  for  gain ;  take  that  away, 
and  no  one  at  all  is  wicked  for  nothing.  But  avarice 
is  a  wild  beast,  monstrous  and  irresistible  ;  wherever 
it  goes,  it  devastates  town  and  country,  shrines  and 
homes,  and  lays  low  everything  human  and  divine ; 
no  army  and  no  walls  can  withstand  it ;  it  robs  all 

^  Text  and  meaning  are  uncertain. 

477 


SALLUST 

})atria    atque     parentibus    cunctos    mortalis    spoliat. 

5  Verum,  si  pecuniae  decus  ademeris,  magna  ilia  vis 

6  avaritiae  facile  bonis  moribus  vincetur.  Atque  haec 
ita  sese  habere  tametsi  omnes  aequi  atque  iniqui 
memorant,  tamen  tibi  cum  factione  nobilitatis  haut 
mediocriter     certandum     est.        Quoius     si    dolum 

7  caveris,  alia  omnia  in  proclivi  erunt.  Nam  ii,  si 
virtute  satis  valerent_,  magis  aemuli  bonorum  quam 
invidi  essent.  Quia  desidia  et  inertia,  stupor  eos 
atque  torpedo  invasit,  strepunt,  obtrectant,  alienam 
famam  bonam  suum  dedecus  aestumant. 

IX.  Sed  quid  ego  plura  quasi  de  ignotis  memorem? 
M.  Bibuli  fortitudo  atque  animi  vis  in  consulatum 
erupit ;  hebes    lingua,    magis   malus    quam    callidus 

2  ingenio.  Quid  ille  audeat,  quoi  ^  consulatus,  maxi- 
mum imperium,  maxumo  dedecori  fuit  ?  An  L. 
Domiti  magna  vis  est  ?  Quoius  nullum  membrum 
a  flagitio  aut  facinore  vacat,  lingua  vana,  manus 
cruentae,  pedes  fugaces ;  quae  honeste  nominari 
nequeunt  inhonestissima. 

3  Uiiius    tamen    M.    Catonis    ingenium     versutum, 
•     loquax,    callidum    baud    contemno.      Parantur    haec 

disciplina  Graecorum.  Sed  virtus,  vigilantia,  labor 
apud  Graecos  nulla  sunt.  Quippe  qui  domi  liber- 
tatem  suam  per  inertiam  amiserint,  censesne  eorum 
praeceptis  imperium  haberi  posse  ? 

1  qui,  V. 

^  He  was  Caesar's  colleague  in  59  B.C.  Wags  referred  to 
it  as  the  consulate  of  Julius  and  Caesar.  See  Suetonius, 
Jul.  20.  2. 

478 


I 


LETTER   TO   CAESAR,  viii.  4-ix.  3 

men  of  their  repute,  their  chastity^,  their  children, 
country  and  parents.  Yet  if  you  take  away  the 
honour  paid  to  money,  the  power  of  avarice,  great 
as  it  is,  will  readily  yield  to  good  morals.  But  al- 
though all  men,  just  and  unjust  alike,  admit  the 
truth  of  this,  yet  your  struggle  with  the  nobles  will 
be  no  light  one.  If,  however,  you  avoid  their  snares, 
all  else  will  be  easy ;  for  if  merit  made  them  strong 
enough,  they  would  emulate  the  virtuous  instead  of 
envying  them.  It  is  because  sloth  and  indolence, 
dullness  and  torpor,  have  taken  possession  of  their 
minds,  that  they  resort  to  abuse  and  slander  and  con- 
sider the  glory  of  others  a  disgrace  to  themselves. 

IX.  But  why  should  I  say  more  of  the  nobles, 
as  if  you  did  not  know  them  well.  Marcus  Bibulus's 
courage  and  force  of  character  burst  upon  us  in  his 
consulship  ^ :  dull  of  speech,  rather  wicked  than 
clever  by  nature.  What  would  a  man  dare  to  do 
who  found  in  the  consulship,  the  supreme  power, 
his  supreme  disgrace?  Has  Lucius  Domitius^  great 
strength  ?  A  man  whose  every  member  is  stained 
with  disgrace  or  crime,  of  lying  tongue,  blood-stained 
hands,  fleeing  feet,  most  dishonourable  in  those  parts 
which  cannot  honourably  be  named. 

There  is  one  of  them,  however,  Marcus  Cato, 
whose  versatile,  eloquent  and  clever  talents  I  do  not 
despise.  Training  such  as  his  comes  from  the 
Greeks  ;  but  among  that  people  manliness,  vigilance 
and  industry  are  wholly  lacking.  Pray  do  you  think 
that  a  government  can  be  upheld  by  the  precepts 
of  those  who  through  incapacity  have  lost  their 
freedom  at  home  ? 

2  Lucius  Domitius  Ahenobarbus,  brother-in-law  of  Cato 
Uticensis  and  consul  in  54  B.C. 

479 


SALLUST 

4  Reliqui  de  factione  sunt  inertissimi  nobiles,  in 
quibus  sicut  in  titulo  ^  praeter  bonum  nomen  nihil 
est  additamenti.  L.  Postumii  M.  Favonii  mihi 
videntur  quasi  magnae  navis  supervacuanea  onera 
esse ;  ubi  salvi  pervenere,  usui  sunt ;  siquid  adversi 
coortum  est^,  de  illeis  potissimiim  iactura  fit^  quia 
pretii  minimi  sunt. 

X.   Nunc    quoniam^    sicut    mihi    videor,  de   plebe 
renovanda    corrigendaque  satis  disserui,    de    senatu 

2  quae  tibi  agenda  videntur,  dicam.  Postquam  mihi 
aetas  ingeniumque  adolevit,  baud  ferme  armis  atque 
equis  corpus  exercui,  sed  animum  in  litteris  agitavi ; 

3  quod  natura  firmius  erat,  id  in  laboribus  habui. 
Atque  ego  in  ea  vita  multa  legendo  atque  audiendo 
ita  comperi,  omnia  rcgna,  item  civitates  et  nationes 
usque  eo  prosperum  imperium  habuisse,  dum  apud 
eos  vera  consilia  valuerunt  ;  ubicumque  gratia 
timor,  voluptas  ea  corrupere,  post  paulo  imminutae 
opes,  deinde  ademptum  imperium,  postremo  servitus 
imposita  est. 

4  Equidem  ego  sic  apud  animum  meum  statuo: 
cuicumque  in  sua  civitate  amplior  illustriorque  locus 
quam  aliis  est,  ei  magnam  curam  esse  rei  publicae. 

5  Nam  ceteris  salva  urbe  tantum  modo  libertas  tuta 
est ;  qui  per  virtutem  sibi  divitias,  decus,  honorem 
pepererunt,  ubi  paulum  inclinata  res  publica  agitari 


^  in  titulo,  Jordan;  institute,   V ;  in  statua  nihil  praeter 
nomen,  Lipsius. 

480 


LETTER    TO    CAESAK,  ix.  4^x.  5 

In  addition  to  those  whom  I  have  mentioned  the 
party  consists  of  nobles  of  utter  incapacit} .,  who, 
like  an  inscription,  contribute  nothing  but  a  famous 
name.  Men  like  Lucius  Postumius  and  Marcus 
Favonius  ^  seem  to  me  like  the  superfluous  deckload 
of  a  great  ship.  When  they  arrive  safely,  some  use 
can  be  made  of  them  ;  if  any  disaster  occurs,  they 
are  the  first  to  be  jettisoned  because  they  are  of 
least  value. 

X.  Having  now,  as  ^t  seems  to  me,  said  enough 
about  the  regeneration  and  reformation  of  the 
commons,  let  me  tell  you  what  I  think  you  ought 
to  do  about  the  senate.  Ever  since  years  have 
matured  my  mind,  I  have  seldom  exercised  my  body 
with  arms  and  horses,  but  I  have  busied  my  mind 
with  reading,  thus  employing  the  part  of  my  being 
which  was  by  nature  the  stronger.  Spending  my 
life  in  that  way,  I  have  learned  by  abundant  reading 
and  instruction  that  all  kingdoms,  as  well  as  states 
and  nations,  have  enjoyed  prosperity  and  power  for 
so  long  a  time  as  wise  counsel  has  reigned  among 
them  ;  but  just  so  soon  as  this  was  vitiated  by  favour, 
fear  or  pleasure,  their  strength  rapidly  waned,  then 
their  supremacy  was  wrested  from  them,  and  finally 
they  were  I'educed  to  slavery. 

Personally,  I  have  made  up  my  mind  that  whenever 
a  man  has  in  his  own  state  a  higher  and  more  con- 
spicuous position  than  his  fellows,  he  takes  a  great 
interest  in  the  welfare  of  his  country.  For  to  other 
citizens  the  safety  of  the  state  merely  assures  their 
personal  liberty ;  but  those  who  by  their  talents 
have  won  riches,  respect  and  renown  are  filled  with 

1  Famous  as  an  imitator  of  Cato ;  see  Suet.  Aug.  13.  2. 
Postumius  is  unknown  except  for  this  reference. 

481 
I    I 


SALLUST 

coepit,  multipliciter  animus  curis  atque  laboribus 
fatigatur  ;  aut  gloriam  aut  libertateni  aut  rem  fa- 
miliarem  defensat^  omnibus  locis  adest,  festinat, 
quanto  in  secundis  rebus  florentior  fuit_,  tanto  in 
adversis  asperius  magisque  anxie  agitat. 

6  Igitur  ubi  plebs  senatui  sicuti  corpus  animo 
oboedit  eiusque  consulta  exsequitur^  patres  ^  consilio 
valere    decet,    populo    supervaeuanea    est   calliditas. 

7  Itaque  maiores  nostri^  cum  bell  is  asperrumis  pre- 
merentur,  equis,  viris,  pecunia  amissa,  numquam 
defessi  sunt  armati  de  imperio  certare.  Non  inopia 
aerarii^  non  vis  hostium,  non  adversa  res  ingentem 
eorum  animum  subegit  quin_,  quae  '^  virtute  ceperant, 

8  simul  cum  anima  retinerent.  Atque  ea  magis  forti- 
bus  consiliis  quam  bonis  proeliis  patrata  sunt. 
Quippe  apud  illos  una  res  publica  erat,  ei  omnes 
consulebant,  factio  contra  hostis  parabatur,  corpus 
atque  ingenium  patriae^  non  suae  quisque  potentiae 

9  exercitabat.  At  hoc  tempore  contra  ea  homines 
nobiles^  quorum  animos  socordia  atque  ignavia 
invasit,  ignarei  laboris,  hostium^  militiae,  domi  fac- 
tione  instruct'i  per  superbiam  cunctis  gentibus 
moderantur. 

XL  Itaque  patres,  quorum  consiho  antea  dubia 
res  pubUca  stabihebatur,  oppressi  ex  ahena  libidine 
hue  atque  illuc  fluctuantes  agitantur ;  interdum  aha 
deinde  alia  decernunt ;  uti  eorum,  qui  dominantur, 

^  patris,  V.  ^  (luin  quae,  Aldus  ;  quique,  V. 

482 


LETTER  TO  CAESAR,  x.  5-xi.  i 

manifold  anxiety  and  trouble  if  the  state  begins 
to  decline  and  totter  ever  so  little.  He  flies  to  the 
defence  of  his  repute,  or  his  freedom,  or  his  pro- 
perty ;  he  is  to  be  seen  everywhere  and  makes  haste  ; 
the  more  prosperous  he  was  in  prosperity,  the  more 
cruelly  is  he  harried  and  worried  in  adversity. 

Therefore,  since  the  commons  submit  to  the 
senate  as  the  body  does  to  the  soul,  and  carry  out  its 
decrees,  the  fathers  ought  to  be  strong  in  counsel, 
but  for  the  people  cleverness  is  superfluous.  Ac- 
cordingly our  forefathers,  when  they  were  harassed 
by  the  most  difficult  wars,  although  they  suffered 
loss  of  horses,  men  and  money,  never  wearied  in 
their  efforts  to  maintain  their  supremacy  by  arms. 
Not  a  depleted  treasury,  no  strength  of  their  enemies, 
no  disaster  could  daunt  their  great  souls  or  prevent 
them,  while  they  had  breath,  from  defending  what 
they  had  won  by  their  valour.  And  their  success  was 
due  rather  to  firmness  in  the  council-chamber  than 
to  victories  in  the  field  ;  for  in  their  day  the  common- 
wealth was  united,  for  its  welfare  all  citizens  had 
regai'd  ;  leagues  were  formed  only  against  the  enemy, 
each  man  exerted  body  and  mind  for  his  country, 
not  for  his  own  power.  To-day,  on  the  contrary, 
certain  of  the  nobles,  whose  minds  are  possessed  by 
indolence  and  cowardice,  although  they  are  ignorant 
of  hardship,  of  the  enemy,  and  of  military  life,  have 
formed  a  faction  within  the  state  and  arrogantly 
claim  sovereignty  over  all  nations. 

XI.  Thus  the  Fathers,  by  whose  wisdom  the 
wavering  state  was  formerly  steadied,  are  over- 
powered and  tossed  to  and  fro  according  to  the 
caprice  of  others ;  they  decree  now  one  measure 
and   now    another,   determining  what  is  helpful  or 

483 
I  I  2 


SALLUST 

simultas    nut    gratia    i'ert,^     ita     boriiim    malumque 
publicum  aestumaiit. 

2  Quodsi  aut  libertas  aequa  omnium  aut  sententia 
obscurior    esset^    maioribus    opibus    res    publica    et 

3  minus  potens  nobilitas  esset.  Sed  quoniam  coae- 
quari  gratiam  omnium  difficile  est^  quippe  cum  illis 
maiorum  virtus  partam  reliquerit  gloriam^  dignita- 
tem^ clientelas^  cetera  inultitudo  pleraque  insiticia 
sit,  sententias  eorum  a  metu  libera ;  ita   in  occulto 

4  sibi  quisque  alterius  potentia  carior  erit.  Libertas 
iuxta  bonis  et  malis,  strenuis  atque  ignavis  optabilis 
est.  Verum  eam  plerique  metu  deserunt.  Stul- 
tissimi  mortales,  quod  in  certamine  dubium  est, 
quorsum  accidat,  id  per  inertiam  in  se  quasi  victi 
recipiunt. 

5  Igitur  duabus  rebus  confirmari  posse  senatum 
puto :  si  numero  auctus  per  tabellani  sententiam 
feret.  Tabella  obtentui  erit,  quo  magis  animo  libero 
facere  audeat ;  in   multitudine   et  praesidii  plus  et 

6  usus  amplior  est.  Nam  fere  his  tempestatibus  alii 
iudiciis  publicis,  alii  privatis  suis  atque  amicorum 
negotiis  implicati,  baud  sane  rei  publicae  consiliis 
adfuerunt ;  neque  eos  magis  occupatio  quam  superba 
imperia  distinuerunt.      Homines  nobiles  cum  paucis 

1  fert,  Aldus;  fertur,  V. 
484 


LETTER   TO    CAESAR,  xi.  i-6 

harmful  to  the  public  from  the  enmity  or  favour  of 
their  masters. 

But  if  all  the  senators  had  equal  freedom  of 
action,  or  if  their  voting  were  done  less  openly,  the 
state  would  have  greater  strength  and  the  nobles  ^ 
less  power.  Now,  since  it  is  not  easy  to  make  the 
influence  of  all  equal  (for  the  prowess  of  their 
ancestors  has  left  the  nobles  ^  a  heritage  of  glory, 
prestige  and  patronage,  while  the  rest  are  for  the 
most  part  grafted  upon  the  state),  at  least  free 
the  votes  of  the  latter  from  the  effects  of  fear ; 
thus  each  man,  if  assured  of  secrecy,  will  value  his 
own  judgment  more  highly  than  the  authority  of 
another.  Independence  is  desirable  alike  to  good 
and  bad,  to  hero  and  coward  ;  but  many  men, 
most  foolish  of  mortals,  sacrifice  independence  to 
fear,  and  are  led  by  cowardice  to  accept  defeat, 
when  a  struggle  would  make  the  issue  doubtful. 

There  are  then,  in  my  judgment,  two  ways  by 
whiph  the  senate  may  be  given  greater  strength : 
by  an  increase  in  its  numbers  and  by  permission  to 
vote  by  ballot.  The  ballot  will  serve  as  a  screen, 
giving  courage  to  act  with  more  independence, 
while  the  increase  in  numbers  will  furnish  greater 
protection  and  an  opportunity  for  larger  usefulness. 
As  a  matter  of  fact,  in  these  days  some  of  the 
senators  are  habitually  occupied  with  the  public 
courts  and  others  with  their  own  business  and  that 
of  their  friends,  and  hence  they  do  not  attend  de- 
liberations on  matters  of  public  moment ;  although 
in  reality  it  is  the  insolence  of  power  which  has 
kept  them  away,  rather  than  outside  interests. 
Hence  certain  of  the  nobles,  in  conjunction  with  a 

1  That  is,  the  faction  of  the  nobles  mentioned  in  x.  9. 

485 


SALLUST 

senatoriis,  quos  additamenta  factionis  habent,  quae- 
cumque  libuit  probare^^  reprehendere,  decernere,  ea^ 
7  uti  lubido  tulit,  fecere.  Verum  ubi  numero  sena- 
torum  aucto  per  tabellam  sententiae  dicentur,  ne 
illi  superbiam  suam  dimittent,  ubi  iis  oboediendum 
erit,  quibus  antea  crudelissime  imperitabant. 

XII.  Forsitaiij  imperator,  perlectis  litteris  de- 
sideres  queiii  numerum  senatorum  fieri  placeat^ 
quoque  raodo  is  in  multa  et  varia  officia  distribuatur ; 
iudicia  quoniam  omnibus  primae  classis  committenda 
putem,    quae    discriptio,    quei    numerus    in    quoque 

2  genere  futurus  sit.  Ea  mihi  omnia  generatim  dis- 
criberehaud  difficile  factu  fuit ;  sed  prius  laboran- 
dum  visum  est  de  summa  consilii,  idque  tibi  pro- 
bandum  verum  esse.     Si  hoc  itinere  uti  decreveris, 

3  cetera  in  promptu  erunt.  Volo  ego  consilium  meum 
prudens  maxumeque  usui  esse  ;  nam  ubicumque  tibi 

4  res  prospere  cedet,  ibi  mihi  bona  fama  eveniet.  Sed 
me  ilia  magis  cupido  exercet^  ut  quocumque  modo 

5  quam  primum  res  publica  adiutetur.  Libertatem 
gloria  cariorem  liabeo,  atque  ego  te  oro  hortorque 
ne  clarissumus  imperator  Gallica  gente  subacta 
populi   Romani   summum  atque  invictum  imperium 

G  tabescere  vetustate  ac  per  siimmam  socordiam  dilabi 
patiaris.  Profecto,  si  id  accidat  neque  tibi  nox 
neque  dies  curam  animi  sedaverit,  quin  insomniis 
exercitus,  furibundus  atque  aniens   alienata    mente 

7  feraris.       Namque    mihi    pro    vero    constat    omnium 

'  probari,  V. 
486 


LETTER   TO   CAESAR,  xi.  6-xii.  7 

few  men  of  senatorial  rank  who  support  their  faction, 
approve,  censure,  or  decree  whatever  their  caprice 
suggests.  But  when  the  number  of  the  senators  is 
increased  and  the  voting  is  done  by  ballot,  these 
men  will  surely  lay  aside  their  insolence  when  they 
shall  be  forced  to  obey  those  over  whom  they 
formerly  exercised  a  merciless  sway. 

XII.  Perhaps,  my  general,  after  reading  this 
letter  you  may  wish  to  know  what  number  of 
senators  I  would  recommend  and  in  what  way  their 
many  varied  duties  should  be  distributed  ;  also, 
since  I  believe  that  jury  duty  should  be  entrusted 
to  all  the  members  of  the  first  class,  how  I  would 
apportion  them  and  what  number  there  should  be 
in  each  division.  It  would  not  be  at  all  difficult  for 
me  to  go  into  all  these  details,  but  it  has  seemed 
to  me  that  I  ought  first  to  work  out  the  general 
plan  and  convince  you  that  it  is  a  reasonable  one. 
If  you  decide  to  follow  the  course  which  I  have 
suggested,  the  rest  will  be  easy.  For  my  own  part, 
I  desire  my  plans  to  be  wise  and  above  all  practi- 
cable ;  for  wherever  you  carry  them  out  successfully, 
I  shall  gain  fame.  But  the  strongest  desire  which 
actuates  me  is  that  somehow  or  other,  and  as  soon 
as  possible,  our  country  may  be  helped.  I  hold 
freedom  dearer  than  glory,  and  I  beg  and  implore 
you,  illustrious  general  that  you  are,  after  subduing 
the  Gallic  nation  not  to  allow  the  great  and  un- 
conquered  dominion  of  the  Roman  people  to  waste, 
away  through  decay  and  fall  asunder  through  excess 
of  negligence.  If  that  should  happen,  you  surely 
could  not  escape  remorse  either  by  day  or  by  night, 
but  tormented  with  sleeplessness,  mad  and  beside 
yourself,  you  would  fall  a  victim  to  frenzy.  As  for 
me,    I    am    firmly    convinced    that   a   divine    power 

487 


SALLUST 

mortalium  vitam  divino  numine  invisier ;  neqiie 
bonum  neque  malum  facinus  quoiusquam  pro  nihilo 
haberi,  sed  ex  natura  divorsa  ^  praemia  bonos  ma- 
8  losque  sequi.  Interea  si  forte  ea  tardius  procedunt, 
suus  quoique  animus  ex  conscientia  spem  praebet. 

XITI.  Quodsi  tecum  patria  atque  parentes  possent 
loqui^  scilicet  haec  tibi  dicerent :  f^  O  Caesar,  nos  te 
genuimus    fortissimi     viri,    in     optima    urbe,   decus 

2  praesidiumque  nobis,  hostibus  terrorem.  Quae 
multis  laboribus  et  periculis  ceperamus,  ea  tibi 
nascenti  cum  anima  simul  tradidimus  :  patriam 
maxumam  in  terris,  doraum  familiamque  in  patria 
clarissimam_,  praeterea  bonas  artis,  honestas  divitias, 
postremo    omnia    honestamenta    pacis    et   praemia 

3  belli.  Pro  iis  amplissimis  beneficiis  non  flagitium  a 
te  neque  malum  facinus  petimus,  sed  utei  libertatem 

4  eversam    restituas.       Qua    re    patrata    profecto    per 

5  gentes  omnes  fama  virtutis  tuae  volitabit.  Namque 
ha;c  tempestate  tametsi  domi  militiaeque  praeclara 
facinora  egisti,  tamen  gloria  tua  cum  multis  viris 
fortibus  aequalis  est.  Si  vero  urbem  amplissimo 
nomine  et  maxumo  imperio  prope  iam  ab  occasu 
restitueris,  quis  te  clarior,  quis  maior  in  terris  fuerit  ? 

6  Quippe  si  morbo  iam  aut  fato  huic  imperio  secus 
accidat,  cui  dubium  est  quin  per  orbem  terrarum 
vastitas,  bella,  caedes  oriantur  ?  Quodsi  tibi  bona 
lubido  fuerit  patriae  parentibusque  gratificandi, 
posteroque  tempore  re  publica  restituta  super  omnis 

1  diversa,  Aldus:,  divisa,  V. 
488 


LETTER   TO   CAESAR,  xii.  7-xiii.  6  - 

watches  over  the  life  of  all  mortals  ;  that  no  one's 
good  or  evil  action  is  overlooked,  but  that  by  a  law 
of  nature  their  different  rewards  await  the  good  and 
the  bad.  Meanwhile,  retribution  and  reward,  if  they 
are  slow  in  coming,  are  held  up  to  each  man's  mind 
by  his  own  conscience. 

XIII.  If  your  country  and  your  forefathers  could 
address  you,  this  would  assuredly  be  their  language  : 
"  We,  bravest  of  men,  have  begotten  you,  O  Caesar, 
in  the  most  excellent  of  cities,  to  be  our  glory  and 
defence  and  a  terror  to  our  enemies.  What  we 
had  won  at  the  cost  of  great  hardship  and  peril 
we  transmitted  to  you  at  your  birth  along  with  the 
breath  of  life  :  a  fatherland  the  mightiest  in  the 
world,  a  house  and  family  the  most  distinguished 
in  that  fatherland,  and  in  addition,  eminent  talents, 
honourable  riches,  in  short,  all  the  rewards  of  peace 
and  all  the  prizes  of  war.  In  return  for  these 
splendid  gifts  we  ask  of  you,  not  disgrace  or  crime, 
but  the  restoration  of  our  prostrate  freedom.  This 
accomplished,  the  fame  of  your  prowess  will  surely 
wing  its  way  to  all  nations.  At  present,  although 
your  exploits  are  brilliant  at  home  and  abroad,  yet 
your  glory  is  but  on  a  par  with  that  of  many  a  hero. 
But  if  you  rescue  almost  from  the  brink  of  ruin  the 
most  famous  and  powerful  of  cities,  who  upon  the 
face  of  this  earth  w^ill  be  more  famous  than  you, 
who  will  be  greater?  For  if  this  empire  should 
succumb  to  decay  or  to  fate,  can  anyone  doubt  but 
that  all  over  the  world  devastation,  wars,  and  blood- 
shed would  ensue }  But  if  you  are  inspired  by  the 
noble  passion  of  showing  gratitude  to  your  fore- 
fathers and  your  fatherland,  in  days  to  come  you 
will  tower  above  all  men  in  glory  as  the  saviour  of 

489 


SALLUST 

mortalis  gloria  agitabis  ^  tuaque  uniiis  mors  vita 
clarior  erit.  Nam  vivos  interdum  fortuna^  saepe 
invidia  fatigat ;  ubi  anima  naturae  cessit,  demptis 
obtrectatoribus^  ipsa  se  virtus  magis  magisque 
extollit." 

Quae  mihi  utilissima  factu  visa  sunt  quaeque  tibi 
Usui  fore  credidi^  quam  paucissimis  potui  perscripsi. 
Ceterum  deos  immortales  obtestor  uti,  quocumque 
modo  ages,  ea  res  tibi  reique  publicae  prospere 
eveniat. 

^  gloria  agitabis,  Jordan  ;  gloria  agnita,  earlier  editors. 


490 


LETTER   TO   CAESAR,  xiii.  6-8 

your  country,  and  you  alone  of  all  mortals  will  enjoy 
greater  fame  after  death  than  was  yours  during  your 
lifetime.  For  the  living  are  sometimes  harried  by 
fortune,  often  by  envy  ;  but  when  the  debt  of 
nature  has  been  paid,  detraction  is  silent  and  merit 
lifts  its  bead  higher  and  higher." 

I  have  written  in  the  fewest  possible  words  what 
I  thought  it  helpful  for  you  to  do,  and  what  I 
believed  would  be  to  your  advantage.  It  remains 
to  implore  the  immortal  gods  that  whatever  you 
decide,  the  result  may  be  propitious  to  you  and 
to  your  country. 


491 


[C.  SALLUSTII   CRISPI]  IN  M.  TULJ^IUM 
CICERONEM   ORATIO^ 

I.  Graviter  et  iniquo  animo  maledicta  tua  paterer, 
M.  Tulli,  si  te  scirem  iudicio  magis  quam  morbo 
animi  petulantia  ista  uti.  Sed  quoniam  ^  in  te  neque 
modum  neque  modestiam  uUam  animadverto,  re- 
spondebo  tibi^  ut,  si  quam  male  dicendo  voluptatem 
cepisti,  eam  male  audiendo  amittas. 

Ubi  querar^  quos  implorem,  patres  conscripti, 
diripi  rem  publicam  atque  audacissimo  cuique 
esse  praedae  '^  ?  Apud  populum  Romanum  ?  qui 
ita  largitionibus  corruptus  est,  ut  se  ipse  ac  fortunas 
suas  venales  habeat.  An  apud  vos^  patres  con- 
scripti  ?  quorum  auctoritas  turpissimo  cuique  et 
sceleratissimo  ludibrio  est.  Ubiubi  M.  Tullius,  leges, 
iudicia,  rem  publicam  ^  defendit  atque  in  hoc  ordine 
ita  moderatur,  quasi  unus  reliquus  e  familia  viri. 
clarissimi,  Scipionis  Africani,  ac  non  reperticius  ac 

1  Sigla  :— 

A  =  cod.  Guelfeibytanus  Gud.  335  s.  x. 
H  =  cod.  Harleianus  2716  s.  ix.  vel  x. 
B^  =  cod.  Harleianus  2682  s.  xi. 
^2  _  QQ^   Harleianus  3859  s.  xii. 
ahh^h^  =  ancient  correctors  of  AHH^H~. 

TB  =  codices  Monacenses  19472  et  4611  s.  xi.  et  xii. 

§-  =:  late  and  inferior  msf^. 
aid.  =  Aldine  edition,  1509. 

492 


AN  INVECTIVE  AGAINST  MARCUS  TULLIUS 
(ATTRIBUTED    TO    SALLUST)  i 

I.  I  SHOULD  be  troubled  and  angered  by  your 
abuse,  Marcus  Tullius,  if  I  were  sure  that  your  im- 
pudence was  the  result  of  intention  rather  than  of 
a  disordered  mind.  But  since  I  perceive  in  you 
neither  moderation  nor  any  modesty,  I  shall  answer 
you  ;  so  that  if  you  have  derived  any  pleasure  from 
reviling,  you  may  lose  it  by  listening  to  censure. 

Where  shall  I  make  complaint.  Fathers  of  the 
Senate,  that  our  country  is  being  rent  asunder  and 
is  the  victim  of  all  the  most  reckless  of  men ;  to 
whom  shall  I  appeal }  Shall  I  turn  to  the  Roman 
people,  who  are  so  corrupted  by  largess  that  they 
offer  themselves  and  all  their  fortunes  for  sale  ? 
Shall  I  appeal  to  you.  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  whose 
authority  is  the  plaything  of  all  the  basest  and 
most  criminal  of  men?  Wherever  Marcus  Tullius 
is,  is  he  the  defender  of  the  laws,  the  courts  and 
the  state,  and  does  he  lord  it  in  this  assembly  as  if 
he  were  the  sole  survivor  of  the  family  of  the 
illustrious  Scipio  Africanus  and  not  a  parvenu  citizen 

1  See  Introd.  pp.  xvif. 

2  quoniam,  Halm ;  cum,  mss. 

*  praedae,  Eussner,  Wirz ;  perfidiae,  mss. 

*  R.P.  audacia,  A;  audacia  r.p.,  H^TB;  indicia  r.p., 
HEMP;  iudiciaque  r.p.,  H^ ;  iuditiaque  rei  p.,  V. 

493 


SALLUST 

2  paullo  ante  insitus  huic  urbi  civis  ?  An  vero,  M. 
Tulli,  facta  tua  ac  dicta  obscura  sunt?  An  non 
ita  a  pueritia  vixisti,  ut  nihil  Hagitiosum  corpori 
tiio  putares  quod  alicui  collibuisset  ?  At  ^  scilicet 
istam  immoderatam  eloquentiam  apud  M.  Pisoneni 
non  pudicitiae  iactura  perdidicisti  ?  Itaque  minime 
mirandum  est,  quod  earn  flagitiose  venditas,  quam 
turpissime  parasti. 

II.  Verum,  ut  opinor,  splendor  domesticus  tibi 
animos  tollit,  uxor  sacrilega  ac  periuriis  delibuta, 
filia  matris  paelex,  tibi  iucundior  atque  obsequentior 
quam  parenti  par '  est.  Domum  ipsam  tuam  vi  et 
rapinis  funestam  tibi  ac  tuis  comparasti ;  videlicet^ 

3  ut  nos  commonefacias  quam  conversa  res  sit,  cum  in 
ea  domo  habites,  homo  flagitiosissime,  quae  P.  Crassi, 
viri  clarissimi,  fuit.  Atque  haec  cum  ita  sint,  tamen 
Cicero  se  dicit  in  concilio  deorum  immortalium 
fuisse,  inde  missum  huic  urbi  civibusque  custodem 
absque  carnificis  nomine,  qui  civitatis  incommodum 
in  gloriam  suam  ponit.  Quasi  vero  non  illius  con- 
iurationis  causa  fuerit  consulatus  tuus  et  idcirco 
res  publica  disiecta  eo  tempore,  quod  te  custodem 
habebat. 

Sed,  ut  opinor,  ilia  te  magis  extollunt,  quae  post 
consulatum  cum  Terentia  uxore  de  re  publica  con- 

^  at,  Wirz  ;  aut,  mss. 


^  cf.  Cass.  Dio  46.  20.  2,  kuItoi  ttoWo,  /j.iv  irepl  twv  v6fjLU}v, 
TToAAa  Se  Trepi  ruiv  SiKaaTrjpluv  del  Koi  nauTaxov  ( =  uhiuhi) 
dpvKuv. 

494 


AN  INVECTIVE  AGAINST  M.  TULLIUS,  1-3 

but  recently  grafted  upon  this  city  ^  ?  Or  pray^  Marcus 
Tullius,  are  your  deeds  and  words  unknown  to  us  ? 
Have  you  not  lived  such  a  life  from  childhood,  that 
you  thought  nothing  a  disgrace  to  your  body  which 
any  other's  desire  prompted  ?  Did  you  not  in  fact 
learn  all  your  unchecked  torrent  of  language  under 
Marcus  Piso  at  the  expense  of  your  chastity  ?  It 
is,  therefore,  not  at  all  surprising  that  you  trade 
upon  it  shamefully,  when  you  acquired  it  most 
shamefully. 

II.  But,  I  suppose,  your  spirits  are  raised  by  the 
brilliance  of  your  home,  by  a  wife  guilty  of  sacrilege 
and  dishonoured  by  perjury,  by  a  daughter  who  is 
her  mother's  rival  and  is  more  compliant  and  sub- 
missive to  you  than  a  daughter  should  be  to  a 
parent.  Even  your  house,  fatal  to  yourself  and  your 
family,  you  obtained  by  violence  and  robbery  ;  doubt- 
less in  order  to  remind  us  how  our  country  has 
changed,  when  you,  vilest  of  men  that  you  are,  live  in 
the  house  which  was  once  the  property  of  that  most 
distinguished  man  Publius  Crassus.  And  in  spite  of 
all  this,  Cicero  declares  that  he  was  present  at  the 
council  of  the  immortal  gods,^  from  which  he,  a  man 
who  makes  disaster  to  his  country  the  means  of  his 
own  glorification,  was  sent  as  a  protector  to  this  city 
and  its  citizens,  and  not  as  its  executioner.  As  if, 
forsooth,  your  consulship  was  not  the  cause  of  that 
conspiracy,  and  as  if  the  reason  why  the  common- 
wealth was  not  rent  asunder  at  that  time  was  be- 
cause it  had  you  for  a  protector. 

But,  I  suppose,  you  are  raised  to  a  higher  pinnacle 
by  what  you  planned  for  the  state  after  your  consul- 
ship, in  company  with  your  wife  Terentia,  when  you 

*  A  sarcastic  allusion  to  Cicero's  recognition  of  the  help  of 
the  gods  ;  e.g.  in  Cat.  2.  13.  29,  etc. 

495 


SALLUST 

suluisti,  cum  legis  Plautiae  indicia  domo  faciebatis, 
ex  coniuratis  aliquos  ^  pecunia  condemnabas,  cum 
tibi  alius  Tusculanam,  alius  Pompeianam  villain 
exaedificabat,  alius  domum  emebat ;  qui  vero  nihil 
poterat,  is  erat  calumniae  proximus,  is  aut  domum 
tuam    oppugnatum     venerat    aut     insidias    senatui 

4  fecerat^  denique  de  eo  tibi  compertum  erat.  Quae 
si  tibi  falsa  obicio^  redde  rationem  quantum  patri- 
monii acceperis^  quid  tibi  litibus  accreverit,  qua  ex 
pecunia  domum  paraveris^  Tusculanum  et  Pompei- 
anum  infinito  sumptu  aedificaveris^  aut,  si  retices, 
cui  dubium  potest  esse,  quin  opulentiam  istam  ex 
sanguine  et  miseriis  civium  pararis  ? 

III.  Verum,  ut  opinor,  homo  novus  Arpinas,  ex 
M.  Crassi  ^  familia,  illius  virtutem  imitatur,  contemnit 
simultatem  hominum  nobilium,  rem  publicam  caram 

5  habet,  neque  terrore  neque  gratia  removetur  a  vero,' 
amicitia  tantum  ac  virtus  est  animi.  Inuno  vero 
homo  levissimus,  supplex  inimicis,  amicis  contu- 
meliosus,  modo  harum,  modo  illarum  partium,  fidus 
nemini,  levissimus  senator,  mercennarius  patronus, 
cuius  nulla  pars  corporis  a  turpitudine  vacat,  lingua 
vana,  manus  rapacissimae,  gula  immensa,  pedes 
fugaces ;  quae    honeste    nominari    non    possunt,   in- 

*  aliquos,  Kurftss ;  alios,  mss. ;  exilio  alios,  Halm. 

2  C.  Marii,  Glareamis. 

^  a  vero,  Reitzenstein ;  aliud  vero,  wsc'. 

• 

*  See  Gat.  xxxi.  4. 

2  That  is,  furnished  the  money  for  them  through  the  fines 
which  they  paid. 

496 


AN  INVECTIVE  AGAINST  M.  TULLIUS,  3-5 

were  holding  trials  under  the  Plautian  law  ^  at  your 
own  home  and  condemning  some  of  the  conspirators 
to  pay  fines ;  when  one  built  your  country  house 
at  Tusculum,  another  that  at  Pompeii^  and  still 
another  bought  your  house  for  you.^  But  the  man 
who  could  do  nothing  for  you  was  the  most  liable  to 
false  accusation  ;  he  it  was  who  had  come  to  attack 
your  house^  or  who  had  plotted  against  the  senate  ; 
in  short,  you  were  quite  convinced  of  his  guilt.  If 
my  charges  are  false,  render  an  account  of  the 
amount  of  the  patrimony  which  you  inherited,  and 
of  what  has  come  to  you  from  lawsuits,  and  tell  us 
where  you  got  the  money  to  buy  your  house  and 
build  your  villas  at  Tusculum  and  Pompeii  regardless 
of  expense.  If  you  are  silent,  who  can  doubt  but 
that  you  amassed  that  wealth  from  the  blood  and 
wretchedness  of  the  citizens  } 

III.  But,  I  suppose,  a  parvenu  Arpinate  of  the 
breed  of  Marcus  Crassus  '^  imitates  that  great  man's 
merits,  scorns  the  enmity  of  the  nobles,  holds  the 
state  dear,  and  is  deflected  from  the  truth  neither 
by  fear  nor  by  favour,  such  are  his  loyalty  and 
virtuous  spirit.  On  the  contrary,  he  is  the  most 
unstable  of  men,  a  suppliant  to  his  enemies,  insulting 
to  his  friends,  an  adherent  now  of  this  party  and  now 
of  that,  loyal  to  no  one,  an  unstable  senator,  a  mer- 
cenary counsel,  free  from  disgrace  in  no  member  of  his 
body,  with  a  false  tongue,  thievish  hands,  a  bottom- 
less gullet,  fleeing  feet ;  most  dishonoured  in  that  part 
of  his    body  which    cannot  honourably  be  named.* 

^  He  is  called  "of  the- breed  of  Crassus,"  because  he  gained 
money  in  any  and  every  way.  cf.  Velleius  2.  46.  2  (Crassus) 
vir  cetera  sanctissimus  immunisque  voluptatihus  neque  in 
pecunia  neque  in  gloria  concupiscenda  aut  modum  norat  aut 
capiehat  ierminum.  *  cf.  the  Epistle  to  Caesar,  ix.  2. 

497 

K    K 


SALLUST 

honestissima.  Atque  is  cum  eius  modi  sit,  tamen 
audet  dicere  :  '^O  fortunatam  liatam  mie  consule 
Romam  !  "  "  Te  consule  fortunatam/'  Cicero  ?  Immo 
vero  infelicem  et  miseram,  quae  crudelissimam  pro- 
scriptionem  eam  perpessa  est_,  cum  tu  perturbata  re 
publica  metu  perculsos  omnes  bonos  parere  crude- 
litati  tuae  cogebas,  cum  omnia  iudicia,  omnes  leges 
in  tua  libidine  erant,  cum  tu  sublata  lege  Porcia, 
erepta    libertate    omnium    nostrum   vitae    necisque 

6  potestatem  ad  te  unum  revocaveras.  Atque  parum 
quod  impune  fecisti,  verum  etiam  commemorando 
exprobras  neque  licet  oblivisci  his  servitutis  suae. 
EgeriSj  oro  te,  Cicero,  perfeceris  quid  libet ;  satis 
est  perpessos  esse ;  etiamne  aures  nostras  odio  tuo 
onerabis,  etiamne  molestissimis  verbis  insectabere  ? 
"  Cedant  arma  togae,  concedat  laurea  linguae." 
Quasi  vero  togatus  et  non  armatus  ea,  quae  gloriaris, 
confeceris,  atque  inter  te  Sullamque  dictatorem 
praeter  nomen  imperii  quicquam  interfuerit. 

IV.   Sed  quid  ego  plura  de  tua  insolentia  comme- 

7  morem  }  quem  Minerva  omnis  artis  edocuit,  luppiter 
optumus  maxumus  in  concilio  deorum  admisit,  Italia 
exsulem  humeris  suis  reportavit.  Oro  te,  Romule 
Arpinas,  qui  egregia  tua  virtute  omnis  Paulos, 
Fabios,  Scipiones  superasti,  quem  tandem  locum  in 

^  A  line  from  Cicero's  poem  "  On  his  Consulship,"  ridiculed 
by  Juvenal  (x.  123)  and  others  because  of  the  jingle  fortu- 
natam natam. 

498 


AN  INVECTIVE  AGAINST  M.  TULLIUS,  5-7 

And  although  such  is  his  character,  he  yet  has  the 
assurance  to  say,  "  Fortunate  Rome,  born  in  my 
consulate."  ^  "  Fortunate  in  having  you  for  her 
consul,"  Cicero  ?  Nay,  ill-starred  and  wretched  in 
having  endured  that  most  ruthless  proscription, 
when  after  embroiling  your  country  and  filling  all 
virtuous  citizens  with  fear,  you  forced  them  to  obey 
your  cruel  mandates  ;  when  all  the  courts  and  all  the 
laws  were  subservient  to  your  will  ;  when  after 
annulling  the  Porcian  law  ^  and  robbing  us  all  of 
our  freedom,  you  alone  took  the  power  of  life  and 
death  over  all  of  us  into  your  own  hands.  And  not 
content  with  having  done  all  this  with  impunity,  you 
even  insult  us  by  recalling  it,  and  you  do  not  allow 
these  men  to  forget  their  slavery.  Do,  Cicero,  I 
beseech  you,  have  done,  have  accomplished,  what 
you  wish  :  it  is  enough  for  us  to  have  endured  it ; 
will  you  also  burden  our  ears  with  your  hatred,  and 
even  pursue  us  with  the  tiresome  refrain,  ''  Let  arms 
yield  to  the  toga,  the  laurel  to  the  tongue  "  .^  ^  Just 
as  if  it  were  in  the  toga  and  not  in  arms  that  you 
did  what  you  boast  of,  and  as  if  there  were  any 
difference  between  you  and  a  dictator  like  Sulla 
except  the  mere  title  of  your  office. 

IV.  But  M'hy  should  I  enlarge  upon  your  pre- 
sumption, when  you  declare  that  Minerva  taught 
you  all  the  arts,  that  Jupiter,  greatest  and  kindest  of 
the  gods,  admitted  you  to  their  council,  and  that 
Italy  brought  you  back  from  exile  upon  its  shoulders  "^ 
I  beseech  you,  O  Romulus  of  Arpinum,  who  by 
your  transcendent  merit  surpass  every  Paul  us,  Fabius 
and    Scipio,   what  place,  pray,  do  you   hold   in  this 

2  See  Cat.  li.  22. 
"  ^  Another  line  from  Cicero's  poem  "  On  his  Consulship." 

499 

K    K    2 


SALLUST 

hac  civitate  obtines  ?  Quae  tibi  partes  rei  publicae 
placent  ?  Quern  amicum,  quem  inimicum  habes  ?  Cui 
in  civitate  insidias  fecisti^  ancillaris.  Quo  auctore  ^ 
de  exsilio  tuo  Dyrrhachio  redisti,  eum  sequeris. 
Quos  tyrannos  appellabas,  eorum  potentiae  faves ! 
Qui  tibi  ante  optimates  videbantur,  eosdem  dementes 
ac  furiosos  vocas  !  Vatini  causam  agis,  de  Sestio  male 
existimas.  Bibulum  petulantissimis  verbis  laedis, 
laudas  Caesarem.  Quem  maxima  odisti,  ei  maxime 
obsequeris.  Aliud  stans^  aliud  sedens  sentis  de  re 
publica.  His  male  dicis,  illos  odisti,  levissime 
transfuga,   neque  in  hac  neque   in  ilia  parte  fidem 

habens. 

^  auctore,  Wirz  ;  lure  cum,  mss. 


500 


AN  INVECTIVE  AGAINST  M.  TULLIUS,  7 

state  ?  What  part  in  public  life  do  you  desire  ? 
Who  is  your  friend  and  who  your  enemy  ?  You 
play  maidservant  to  the  man  against  whom  you 
plotted  in  the  state.  You  follow  the  one  through 
whose  influence  you  returned  from  your  exile  at 
Dyrrachium.  You  truckle  to  the  power  of  those 
whom  you  formerly  called  tyrants.  Those  who  once 
seemed  to  you  the  best  of  citizens  you  now  call  mad 
and  frenzied.  You  plead  the  cause  of  Vatinius, 
you  think  ill  of  Sestius,  you  assail  Bibulus  with 
impudent  language,  you  praise  Caesar,  you  are  most 
obsequious  to  him  whom  you  most  hated ;  you 
think  one  thing  about  the  state  when  you  stand 
up,  another  when  you  sit ;  you  revile  some,  hate 
others,  vile  turncoat  that  you  are,  showing  loyalty 
neither  to  one  side  nor  to  the  other. 


501 


[M.  TULLII    CICERONISJ    IN    SALLUSTIUM 
CRISPUM    ORATIO 

I.  Ea  demum  magna  voluptas  est_,  C.  Sallusti, 
aequalem  ac  parem  verbis  vitam  agere,  neque  quic- 
quam  tarn  obscaenum  dicere  cui  non  ab  initio 
pueritiae  omni  genere  facinoris  aetas  tua  respondeat, 
ut  omnis  oratio  moribus  consonet.  Neque  enim  qui 
ita  vivit,  ut  tu,  aliter  ac  tu  loqui  potest,  neque  qui 
tarn  inloto  sermon e  utitur  vita  honestior  est. 

Quo  me  praevertam,  patres  conscripti,  unde 
initium  sumam  ?  Maius  enim  mihi  dicendi  onus 
imponitur,  quo  notior  est  uterque  nostrum,  quod  aut 
si  de  mea  vita  atque  actibus  huic  conviciatori  re- 
spondero,  invidia  gloriam  consequetur,  aut,  si  huius 
facta,  mores,  omnem  aetatem  nudavero,  in  idem 
vitium  incidam  procacitatis,  quod  huic  obicio.  Id 
vos  si  forte  offend imini,  iustius  huic  quam  mihi 
2  succensere  debetis,  qui  initium  introduxit.  Ego 
dabo  operam  ut  et  pro  me  minimo  cum  fastidio 
respond-eam  et  in  hunc  minime  mentitum  esse 
videatur, 

Scio  me,  patres  conscripti,  in  respondendo  non 
habere  magnam  exspectationem,  quod  nullum  vos 
sciatis  novum   crimen   in   Sallustium   audituros,   sed 

502 


AN     INVECTIVE    AGAINST    SALLUSTIUS 
CRISPUS  (ATTRIBUTED  TO  CICERO) 

I.  It  surely  must  be  a  great  satisfaction  to  you, 
Gaius  Sallustius,  that  you  lead  a  life  similar  in  all 
respects  to  your  words,  and  that  you  say  nothing  so 
foul  that  your  conduct  from  earliest  childhood  does 
not  match  it  with  every  species  of  vice ;  so  that  your 
language  is  wholly  consistent  with  your  character. 
For  neither  can  one  who  lives  as  you  do  speak  other- 
wise than  as  you  speak,  nor  can  one  who  uses  such 
filthy  language  be  any  more  respectable  in  his  life. 

Whither  shall  I  turn  first,  Fathers  of  the  Senate, 
where  shall  I  begin  ?  For  the  more  thoroughly  you 
know  each  of  us,  the  greater  difficulty  I  find  in  ad- 
dressing you  ;  for  if  I  defend  my  life  and  conduct 
against  this  slanderer,  envy  will  result  from  boasting ; 
or  if  I  lay  bare  his  conduct,  character,  and  entire 
life,  I  shall  be  liable  to  the  same  charge  of  shame- 
lessness  that  I  bring  against  him.  But  in  this  if 
haply  I  should  offend  you,  you  ought  more  justly  to 
be  angry  with  him  than  with  me,  since  he  set  the 
example.^  I  shall  do  my  best  to  justify  myself  with 
the  least  possible  vainglory,  and  to  say  nothing  about 
him  that  is  not  true. 

I  realize,  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  that  my  reply  to 

his  attack  awakens  no  great  expectations,  since  you 

are  conscious  that  you  can   hear  no  new  accusation 

against   Sallust,   but   that  you  will   merely  pass  in 

^  That  is,  of  talking  of  such  matters. 


SALLUST 

omnia  vetera  recognituros,  quis  et  meae  et  vestrae 
iam  et  ipsius  aures  calent.  Verum  eo  magis  odisse 
debetis  hominem,  qui  ne  incipiens  quidem  peccare 
minimis  rebus  posuit  rudimentuni_,  sed  ita  ingressus 
est,  ut  neque  ab  alio  vinci  possit  neque  ipse  se  omnino 

3  reliqua  aetate  praeterire.  Itaque  nihil  aliud  studet 
nisi  lutulentus  cum  quovis  volutari.  Longe  vero 
fallitur  opinione.  Non  enim  procaoitate  linguae 
vitae  sordes  eluuntur,  sed  est  quaedam  calumnia, 
quam  unus  quisque  nostrum  testante  animo  suo 
fert.  Quod  si  vita  istius  memoriam  vicerit,  illam, 
patres  conscripti,  non  ex  oratione,  sed  ex  moribus 
suis  spectare  debebitis.  Iam  dabo  operam  quam 
maxime  potuero  breve  ut  id  faciam.  Neque  haec 
altercatio  nostra  vobis  inutilis  erit,  patres  conscripti. 
Plerumque  enim  res  publica  privatis  crescit  inimi- 
citiis,  ubi  nemo  civis  qualis  sit  vir  potest  latere. 

4  11.  Primum  igitur,  quoniam  omnium  maiores 
C.  Sallustius  ad  unum  exemplum  et  regulam  quaerit, 
velim  mihi  respondeat  num  quid  his  quos  protulit 
Scipiones  et  Metellos  ante  fuerit  aut  opinionis  aut 
gloriae  quam  eos  res  suae  gestae  et  vita  innocen- 
tissime  acta  commendavit.  Quod  si  hoc  fuit  illis 
initium  nominis  et  dignitatis,  cur  non  aeque  de  nobis 
existimetur,  cuius  et  res  gestae  illustres  et  vita 
integerrime  acta  ?  Quasi  vero  tu  sis  ab  illis,  Sallusti, 
ortus.     Quod    si   esses,  non    nuUos   iam  tuae  turpi- 

fi  tudinis    pigeret.      Ego   meis    maioribus  virtute    mea 


^  Because  his  crimes  are  so  many  that  no  one  could   re- 
member all  of  them. 


AN  INVECTIVE  AGAINST  SALLUST,  2-5 

review  all  the  old  ones,  with  which  your  ears  and 
mine,  as  well  as  his  own,  are  burning.  But  you 
ought  to  hate  the  man  all  the  more  bitterly,  because 
he  did  not  begin  with  slight  offences  even  at  the 
outset  of  his  career  of  crime,  but  at  once  set  such 
a  standard,  that  he  could  neither  be  outdone  by 
anyone  else  nor  even  outdo  himself  during  the 
remainder  of  his  life.  Hence  his  only  aim  is  to 
wallow  in  the  mire  with  anyone  and  everyone.  But 
he  is  very  much  mistaken.  For  no  wanton  words 
can  remove  the  stains  upon  a  life,  but  there  are 
accusations  which  each  one  of  us  makes  according 
to  the  testimony  of  his  own  mind.  But  if  this 
man's  life  defies  recollection,^  you  ought  to  ex- 
amine it.  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  not  from  a  speech, 
but  from  his  own  character.  I  shall  take  care  to  be 
as.  brief  as  I  possibly  can,  and  this  our  war  of  words, 
Fathers  of  the  Senate,  will  not  be  without  profit  to 
you ;  for  as  a  rule  the  state  is  advanced  by  the 
quarrels  of  individuals,  which  allow' the  character  of 
no  citizen  to  be  hidden. 

II.  Well  then,  to  begin  with,  since  Gaius  Sallustius 
weighs  and  measures  the  ancestors  of  all  men 
according  to  the  same  standard  and  rule,  I  should 
like  him  to  tell  me  whether  those  Scipios  and 
Metelluses  whom  he  cites  had  any  renown  or  glory, 
before  their  own  exploits  and  blameless  lives  com- 
mended them  to  notice.  But  if  this  was  for  them 
the  beginning  of  repute  and  rank,  why  should 
the  case  not  be  similar  with  me,  whose  deeds  are 
noble  and  whose  life  is  well  spent  ?  As  if  you  too, 
Sallust,  were  sprung  from  those  heroes  of  old  I  If 
you  were,  some  of  them  would  now  be  sick  at  heart 
at  your  baseness.     I  have  outshone  my  ancestors  in 


SALLUST 

praeluxi,  ut,  si  prius  noti  non  fuerunt,  a  me  accipiant 
initium  memoriae  suae ;  tu  tuis  vita,  quam  turpiter 
egisti,  magnas  offudisti  tenebras^  ut^,  etiam  si  fuerint 
egregii  cives,  certe  venerint  in  oblivionem.  Qua  re 
noli  mihi  antiquos  viros  obiectare.  Satius  est  enim 
me  meis  rebus  gestis  florere  quam  maiorum  opinione 
niti  et  ita  vivere,  ut  sim  pDsteris  meis  nobilitatis 
initium  et  virtutis  exemplum. 

Neque  me  cum  iis  conferri  decet,  patres  con- 
scripti^  qui  iam  decesserunt  omnique  odio  carent 
et    invidia,    sed    cum    eis^   qui    mecum    una    in    re 

6  publica  versati  sunt.  Sed  fuerim  aut  in  honoribus 
petendis  nimis  ambitiosus — non  banc  dico  popu- 
larem  ambitionem,  cuius  me  principem  confiteor, 
sed  illam  perniciosam  contra  leges_,  cuius  primos 
ordines  Sallustius  duxit — ,  aut  in  gerundis  magis- 
tratibus  aut  in  vindicandis  maleficiis  tam  severus 
aut  in  tuenda  re  publica  tam  vigilans,  quam  tu 
proscriptionem  vocas,  credo^  quod  non  omnes  tui 
similes  incolumes  in  urbe  vixissent ;  at  quanto 
meliore  loco  res  publica  staret,  si  tu  par  ac'  similis 
scelestorum  civium  una  cum  illis  adnumeratus  esses  ? 

7  An  ego  tunc  falso  scripsi^  "cedant'arma  togae/'  qui 
togatus  armatos  et  pace  bellum  oppressi  ?  An  illud 
mentitus  sum,  ^^fortunatam  me  consule  Romam," 
qui  tantum  intestinum  bellum  ac  domesticum  urbis 

.    incendium  exstinxi  ? 

506 


AN  INVECTIVE  AGAINST  SALLUST,  5-7 

merit,  so  that  if  they  were  not  known  before,  I 
would  give  them  fame  for  the  first  time  ;  but  you  by 
the  base  life  which  you  have  led  have  enveloped 
yours  in  thick  darkness,  so  that  even  if  they  were 
once  eminent  citizens,  they  assuredly  have  fallen 
into  oblivion.  Do  not  then  taunt  me  with  the 
men  of  bygone  days  ;  for  rather  than  depend  upon 
the  reputation  of  my  forefathers,  I  prefer  to  win 
success  by  my  own  efforts,  and  to  live  in  such  fashion 
as  to  be  for  my  posterity  the  beginning  of  their  rank 
and  an  incentive  to  virtue. 

It  is  not  just.  Fathers  of  tlie  Senate,  to  compare 
me  with  those  who  have  already  passed  away,  and 
who  are  free  from  all  hatred  or  envy ;  I  should 
rather  be  matched  against  those  who  have  been 
associated  with  me  in  public  life.  If  I  have  been 
too  ambitious  in  seeking  preferment  (I  do  not  refer 
to  the  ambition  which  aims  at  the  good  of  the  people, 
in  which  I  admit  that  I  have  always  been  among 
the  foremost,  but  to  that  ruinous  and  lawless  kind 
in  which  Sallust  is  a  leader),  or  if  I  have  been  so 
strict  in  administering  the  offices  which  I  have  held 
or  in  punishing  evil-doing,  or  so  vigilant  in  the 
defence  of  our  country,  that  you,  Sallust,  call  it  a 
proscription  (I  suppose  because  not  all  who  are  like 
you  were  allowed  to  live  in  our  city),  yet  in  how 
much  better  condition  would  the  state  be  if  you, 
who  are  like  those  wicked  citizens  and  on  a  par  with 
them,  had  been  numbered  with  them  ?  Did  I  speak 
falsely  when  I  wrote,  "  Let  arms  give  place  to  the 
toga,"  I  who,  clad  in  the  toga,  laid  low  armed  men 
and  put  a  peaceful  end  to  war  ?  Did  I  lie  when 
I  said,  ''  Rome  fortunate  in  my  consulship,"  when  I 
ended  such  a  civil  war  and  extinguished  the  fire  of 
rebellion  raging  within  our  city  .^ 


SALLUST 

III.  Neque  te  tui  piget,  homo  levissime,  cum  ea 
culpas,  quae  historiis  mihi  gloriae  ducis?  An  turpius 
est  scribentem  mentiri  quam  vel  ^  palam  hoc  ordine 
dicentem?  Nam  quod  in  aetatem  increpuisti,  tan- 
tum  me  abesse  puto  ab  impudicitia,  quantum  tu  a 
pudicitia. 

Sed  quid  ego  de  te  plura  querar  ?  Quid  enim 
mentiri  turpe  ducis,  qui  mihi  ausus  sis  eloquentiam 
ut  vitium  obicere  ?  Cuius  semper  nocens  eguisti 
patrocinio.  An  ullum  existimas  posse  fieri  civem 
egregium,  qui  non  his  artibus  et  disciplinis  sit 
eruditus  ?  An  ulla  alia  putas  esse  rudimenta  et 
incunabula  virtutis,  quibus  animi  ad  gloriae  cupidi- 
tatem  aluntur  ?  Sed  minime  mirum  est,  patres 
conscripti,  si  homo,  qui  desidiae  ac  luxuriae  plenus 
sit,  haec  ut  nova  atque  inusitata  miratur. 

Nam  quod  ista  inusitata  rabie  petulanter  in 
uxorem  et  in  filiam  meam  invasisti,  quae  facilius 
mulieres  se  a  viris  abstinuerunt  quam  tu  vir  a  viris, 
satis  docte  ac  perite  fecisti.  Non  enim  me  sperasti 
mutuam  tibi  gratiam  relaturum,  ut  vicissim  tuos 
compellarem.  Unus  enim  satis  es  materiae  habens  ; 
neque  quicquam  domi  tuae  turpius  est  quam  tu. 

Multum  vero  te,  opinor,^  fallit,  qui  mihi  parare 
putasti  invidiam  ex  mea  re  familiari,  quae  mihi 
multo  minor  est  quam   habere  dignus  sum.     Atque 

^  vel,  Norden;  ullum,  HMPv  ;  illud,  E ;  illam,  7';  illic, 
H^  ;  the  others,  ilium  ;  Stangel  read  unum,  Heraeus  deleted. 
^  ut  opinor,  A  ;  opinio,  H^,  Jordan. 

508 


1 


1 


AN  INVECTIVE  AGAINST  SALLUST,  7-9 

III.  Are  you  not  ashamed^  most  inconsistent  of 
men,  to  censm'e  conduct  for  which  you  glorify  me  in 
your  own  histories  ?  Is  it  more  shameful,  senators,  to 
lie  in  writing  or  in  open  speech  before  this  body  ? 
As  to  the  charges  which  you  hav^  made  against  my 
life,  I  believe  that  I  am  as  far  from  unchastity  as  you 
are  from  chastity. 

But  why  should  I  make  further  complaint  of  your 
calumnies  ?  For  what  falsehood  would  you  consider 
shameful,  when  you  have  dared  to  make  my  elo- 
quence an  accusation  against  me,  that  eloquence 
whose  protection  you  have  always  required  because 
of  your  guilt  ?  Or  do  you  think  that  anyone  can 
become  an  eminent  citizen  who  has  not  been  trained 
in  these  arts  and  studies }  Do  you  think  that  there 
are  any  other  elements  and  nursery  of  virtue  in 
which  the  mind  is  trained  to  desire  glory  ?  But  it 
is  not  to  be  marvelled  at,  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  it 
a  man  who  is  full  of  extravagance  and  sloth  should 
express  surprise  at  these  pursuits  as  if  they  were 
new  and  unusual. 

As  for  the  unheard  of  virulence  of  your  attacks 
upon  my  wife  and  daughter  (who,  women  though 
they  are,  have  more  successfully  avoided  the  atten- 
tions of  men  than  you  have  those  of  your  own  sex) 
in  assailing  them  you  showed  both  cleverness  and 
cunning.  For  you  could  not  expect  me  to  retaliate 
by  attacking  your  family  in  turn,  since  you  alone 
furnish  enough  material  and  have  in  your  home 
nothing  more  shameful  than  yourself. 

You  are  greatly  mistaken,  I  think,  if  you  hoped  to 
rouse  enmity  against  me  because  of  the  amount  of  my 
property,  which  in  reality  is  much  less  than  I  deserve 
to  have.     Yet  I  could  wish  that  it  were  not  as  great 

509 


SALLUST 

utinam  ne  tanta  quidem  esset  quanta  est,  ut  potius 
amici  mei  viverent  quam  ego  testamentis  eorum 
locupletior  essem  ! 

10  Ego  fugax,  C.  Sallusti  ?  Furori  tribuni  plebis 
cessi ;  utilius  duxi»quanivis  fortunam  unus  experiri 
quam  universo  populo  Romano  civilis  esse  dissen- 
sionis  causa.  Qui  postea  quam  ille  suum  annum  in 
re  publica  perbacchatus  est  omniaque,  quae  com- 
moverat/pace  et  otio  resederunt,  hoc  ordine  revo- 
cante  atque  ipsa  re  publica  manu  retrahente  me 
reverti.  Qui  mihi  dies,  si  cum  omni  reliqua  vita 
conferatur,  animo  quidem  meo  superet,  cum  universi 
vos  populusque  Romanus  frequens  adventu  meo 
gratulatus  est ;  tanti  me,  fugacem,  mercennarium 
patronum,  hi  aestimaverunt. 

11  IV.  Neque  hercle  mirum  est,  si  ego  semper  iustas 
omnium  amicitias  aestimavi.  Non  enim  uni  privatim 
ancillatus  sum  neque  me  addixi,  sed,  quantum  quis- 
que  rei  pubhcae  studuit,  tantum  mihi  fuit  aut  amicus 
aut  adversarius.  Ego  nihil  plus  volui  valere  quam 
pacem  ;  multi  privatorum  audacias  nutriverunt.  Ego 
nihil  timui  nisi  leges ;  multi  arma  sua  timeri  vohi- 
erunt.  Ego  numquam  volui  quicquam  posse  nisi 
pro  vobis ;  multi  ex  vobis  potentia  freti  in  vos  suis 
viribus  abusi  sunt.  Itaque  non  est  mirum,  si  nullius 
amicitia   usus    sum,   qui  non  perpetuo   rei   publicae 

12  amicus  fuit.  Neque  me  paenitet,  si  aut  petenti 
Vatinio    reo    patrocinium    pollicitus    sum    aut    Sesti 


1  Cicero  tells  us  that  he  received  over  £200,000,  about  a 
million  dollars,  in  bequests. 

510 


1 


AN  INVECTIVE"  AGAINST  SALLUST,  9-12 

as  it  is,  that  my  friends  might  still  be  alive,  rather 
than  that  I  should  be  the  richer  through  their  wills.  ^ 

Am  I  a  runaway,  Gaius  Sallustius  ?  I  bowed  to  the 
madness  of  a  tribune  of  the  commons ;  I  considered 
it  more  expedient  to  endure  any  lot  as  an  individual, 
rather  than  be  the  cause  of  civil  strife  among  the 
entire  Roman  people.  And  after  that  tribune  had 
rioted  out  his  year  in  public  life,  and  all  the  dis- 
turbance which  he  had  stirred  up  had  subsided  into 
peace  and  quiet,  I  returned  at  the  summons  of  this 
assembly,  my  country  herself  leading  me  by  the 
hand.  To  my  mind,  that  day  is  the  crowning  glory 
of  my  whole  life,  when  all  my  colleagues  in  the 
senate,  and  the  Roman  people  in  throngs,  con- 
gratulated me  on  my  return ;  so  highly  did  these 
men  rate  me,  the  runaway  and  mercenary  counsel. 

IV.  And  by  Heaven !  it  is  small  wonder  if  I  have 
always  thought  that  I  merited  the  friendship  of  all 
mankind  ;  for  I  have  not  waited  upon  one  person 
privately  or  made  myself  his  slave,  but  every  man 
was  my  friend  or  my  foe  according  to  the  degree  of 
his  devotion  to  the  commonwealth.  My  highest 
desire  was  peace  ;  many  men  have  fostered  the  reck- 
less designs  of  individuals.  I  have  feared  nothing 
save  the  laws ;  many  have  wished  their  arms  to  be 
feared.  I  never  coveted  power  except  for  your 
sakes  ;  many  even  of  your  own  number,  relying  upon 
their  personal  influence,  have  misused  their  power  to 
do  you  harm.  And  so  it  is  not  surprising  if  I 
have  enjoyed  the  friendship  of  no  one  who  was  not 
for  all  time  the  friend  of  our  country.  Nor  have 
I  regret  for  having  promised  Vatinius  my  services 
when  he  was  accused  and  appealed  to  me,  for 
having  checked  the  insolence  of  Sestius,  censured 

511 


/ 


SALLUST 

insolentiam  repress!  aut  Bibuli  patientiam  culpavi 
aut  virtutibus  Caesaris  favi.  Hae  enim  laudes 
egregii  civis  et  iinicae  sunt.  Quae  si  tu  mihi  ut 
vitia  obicis,  temeritas  tua  reprehendetur,  non  mea 
vitia  culpabuntur. 

Plura  dicerem^  si  apud  alios  mihi  esset  dis- 
serendum^  patres  conscripti,  non  apud  vos,  quos 
ego  habui  omnium  actionum  mearum  monitores. 
Sed  ubi  rerum  testimonia  adsunt,  quid  opus  est 
verbis  ? 

13  V.  Nunc  ad  te  revertar,  Sallusti,  patremque  tuum 
praeteream,  qui  si  nunquam  in  vita  sua  peecavit, 
tamen  maiorem  iniuriam  rei  publicae  facere  non 
potuit  quam  quod  te  talem  filium  genuit ;  neque  tu 
si  qua  in  pueritia  peccasti  exsequar^  ne  parentem 
tuum  videar  accusare,  qui  eo  tempore  summam  tui 
potestatem  habuit,  sed  qualem  adolescentiam  egeris  ; 
hae  enim  demonstrata  facile  intelligetur  quam  petu- 
lant! pueritia  tam  impudicus  et  procax  adoleveris. 
Postea  quam  immensae  gulae  impudicissimi  corporis 
quaestus  sufficere  non  potuit  et  aetas  tua  iam  ad  ea 
patienda,  quae  alteri  facere  collibuisset,  exoleverat, 
cupiditatibus  infinitis  efferebaris,  ut  quae  ipse   cor- 

14  pori  tuo  turpia  non  duxisses  in  aliis  experireris.  Ita 
non  est  facile  exputare^  patres  conscripti,  utrum 
inhonestioribus  corporis  partibus  rem  quaesierit  an 
amiserit. 

Domum  paternam  vivo  ^  patre  venalem  habuit. 
Et  cuiquam  dubium  potest  esse  quin  mori  coegerit 
eum,  quo  hie  nondum  mortuo  pro    herede   gesserit 


512 


^  turpissime  {before  patre),  //,  H^,  <r- 


AN   INVECTIVE  AGAINST  SALLUST,  12-14 

the  indifference  of  Bibulus^  or  applauded  the  valour 
of  Caesar.  For  this  last  is  the  praise  of  an  eminent 
citizen  and  is  unique.  If  you  charge  it  against  me 
as  a  fault,  it  is  your  audacity  that  will  be  censured 
rather  than  my  fault. 

I  would  speak  on,  if  I  had  to  address  others. 
Fathers  of  the  Senate,  and  not  you,  whom  I  have 
always  regarded  as  the  prompters  of  all  my  acts. 
Moreover,  when  we  have  the  evidence  of  facts,  what 
need  is  there  for  words  ? 

V.  I  shall  now  return  to  you,  Sallust,  saying 
nothing  of  your  father ;  for  even  it  he  never  com- 
mitted a  sin  in  all  his  life,  he  could  not  have 
inflicted  a  greater  injury  upon  his  country  than  in 
begetting  such  a  son.  Nor  shall  I  inquire  into  any 
sins  of  your  boyhood,  lest  I  may  seem  to  criticize 
your  father,  Avho  had  full  control  of  you  at  that 
time,  but  how  you  spent  your  youth.  For  if  this 
be  shown,  it  will  readily  be  understood  how  vicious 
was  the  childhood  which  led  up  to  a  manhood  so 
shameless  and  lawless.  When  the  profit  derived 
from  your  vile  body  could  no  longer  suffice  for  your 
bottomless  gullet,  and  when  you  were  too  old  to 
endure  what  another's  passion  prompted,  you  were 
incited  by  an  unbounded  desire  of  trying  upon  others 
what  you  had  not  considered  disgraceful  to  your 
own  person.  Therefore,  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  it  is 
not  easy  to  determine  whether  he  acquired  his 
property  or  squandered  it  with  more  dishonourable 
members. 

He  offered  his  father's  house  for  sale  while  his 
father  still  lived.  And  can  anyone  doubt  that  he 
drove  his  sire  to  his  death,  when  he  made  himself 
heir  to  all  his  property  even  before  the  decease  of 

L    L 


SALLUST 

omnia  ?  Neqii^  pudet  eum  a  me  quaerere  quis 
in  P.  Crassi  domo  habitet,  cum  ipse  res})ondere 
nequeat  quis  in  ij)sius  habitet  paterna  domo.  "  At 
hercules,  lapsus  aetatis  tirocinio  postea  se  correxit." 
Non  ita  est,  sed  abiit  in  sodalicium  sacrilegi  Nigi- 
diani ;  bis  iudicis  ad  subsellia  attractus,  extrema 
fortuna  stetit  et  ita  discessit,  ut  non  hie  innoeens 
esse,  sed  iudices  peierasse  existimarentur. 

15  Primum  honorem  in  quaestura  adeptus  luinc 
locum  et  hunc  ordinem  despectu  habuit/  cuius 
aditus  sibi  quoque  sordidissimo  liomini  patuisset. 
Itaque  timens  ne  facinora  eius  clam  vos  essent,  cum 
omnibus  matrum  familiarum  viris  opprobrio  esset, 
confessus  est  vobis  audientibus  adulterium  neque 
erubuit  ora  vestra. 

VI.  Vixeris  ut  libet,  Sallusti,  egeris  quae  volueris  ; 
satis  sit  unum  te  tuorum  scelerum  esse  conscium, 
noli  nobis  languorem  et  soporem  nimium  exprobrare. 
Sumus  diligentes  in  tiienda  pudicitia  uxorum  nos- 
trarum,  sed  ita  experrecti  non  sumus,  ut  a  te  cavere 

16  possimus.  Audacia  tua  vincit  studia  nostra,  Ecquod 
hunc  movere  possit,  patres  conscripti,  factum  aut 
dictum  turpe,  quern  non  puduerit  palam  vobis 
audientibus  adulterium  confiteri?     Quod  si  tibi  per 

^  Added  hy  Norden. 


1  Referring  to  P.  Nigidius  Figulus,  who,  besides  being  the 
most  learned  Roman  of  his  day  next  to  Varro,  was  interested 
in  tlie   occult  ;    see    Siiet.   Aiuj.   94.   o,   and    Hieron.    Chron. 


AN    INVECTIVE  AGAINST  SALLUST,  14-16 

his  parent  ?  And  yet  he  is  not  ashamed  to  ask  me 
who  lives  in  the  house  of  PubUus  Crassus^  when  he 
himself  is  unable  to  answer  the  question  who  it  is 
that  lives  in  the  house  of  his  very  father.  Perhaps 
you  may  say  (save  the  mark  !)  that  he  fell  through 
the  inexperience  of  youth  and  afterwards  reformed. 
Not  so !  On  the  contrary,  he  became  an  associate 
in  the  sacrilege  of  Nigidius,'  he  was  twice  haled 
before  the  tribunal  of  a  judge,  he  was  all  but 
condemned,  and  such  was  his  escape,  that  he  was 
not  thought  to  be  innocent,  but  the  jurors  to  have 
committed  perjury. 

When  he  obtained  the  quaestorship  as  his  first 
office,  he  brought  contempt  upon  this  place  and 
upon  this  assembly,  by  showing  that  it  was  open 
even  to  him,  the  meanest  of  mankind.  As  a  matter 
of  fact,  through  fear  that  his  crimes  should  not  be 
known  to  you,  although  he  was  a  reproach  to  the 
husbands  of  all  our  matrons,  he  pleaded  guilty  to 
adultery  in  your  hearing  and  did  not  blush  in  j^our 
presence. 

VI.  Be  content,  Sallust,  with  having  lived  as  you 
pleased,  and  with  having  acted  as  you  wished  ;  be  it 
enough  that  you  alone  are  conscious  of  j^our  guilt, 
and  do  not  charge  us  with  indifference  and  with  too 
sound  sleep.  We  are  vigilant  in  defending  the 
chastity  of  our  wives,  but  we  are  not  sufficiently 
wide  awake  to  guard  against  you.  Your  audacity 
defeats  our  diligence.  Can  any  reproach  in  word  or 
deed.  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  affect  this  man,  who 
was  not  ashamed  to  confess  adultery  openly  in  your 
hearing  ?     If  I   should   decide  to  make  no  reply  to 

yr.  Abr.  1972  {—  45  e.g.),  Nigidius  Fiyuhts,  PythagoricuH  et 
magus,  moritur. 

L    L    2 


SALLUST 

me  nihil  respondere  voluisseni^  sed  illud  ceiisorium 
eloquium  Appii  Claudii  et  L.  Pisonis,  integerri- 
morum  virorum^  quo  usus  "est  quisque  eorum,  pro 
lege  palani  uiiiversis  recitarem,  noiine  tibi  viderer 
aeternas  inurere  maculas^  quas  reliqua  vita  tua 
eluere  non  posset  ?  Neque  post  ilium  dilectum 
senatus  umquam  te  vidimus^  nisi  forte  in  ea  te 
castra  coniecisti,  quo  omnis  sentina  rei  pul)licae  con- 

17  fluxerat.  At  idem  Sallustius,  qui  in  pace  ne  senator 
quidem  manserat,  postea  quam  res  publica  armis 
oppressa  est,  idem  a  victore,  qui  exsules  reduxit,  in 
senatum  per^  quaesturam  est  reductus.  Quern 
honorem  ita  gessit,  ut  nihil  in  eo  non  venale  habu- 
eritj  cuius  aliquis  emptor  fuerit,  et  ita  egit,  ut  nihil 
non  aequum  ac  verum  duxerit,  quod  ipsi  facere 
collibuisset,  neque  aliter  vexavit  ac  debuit,  si  quis 

18  praedae  loco  magistratum  accepisset.  Peracta 
quaestura  postea  quam  magna  pignora  eis  dederat, 
cum  quibus  simiUtudine  vitae  se  coniunxerat,  unus 
lam  ex  illo  grege  videbatur.  Eius  enim  partis  erat 
Sallustius,  quo  tamquam  in  unam  voraginem  coetus 
omnium  vitiorum  excesserat ;  quidquid  impudicorum, 
cilonum,  parricidarum,  sacrilegorum,  debitorum  fuit 
in  urbe,  municipiis,  coloniis,  ItaHa  tota,  sicut  in 
fretis  subsederant,  nominis  perditi^ac  notissimi,  nulhi 

^  per,  Mommstn ;  post,  mss. 


^  Their  sentence  and  the  speech  in  which  they  justified  it. 
2  Referring  to  the  expulsion  of  many  senators  by  Appius 
and  Piso. 


AN    INVECTIVE  AGAINST  SALLUST,   16-18 

you  on  my  own  account,  but,  to  show  what  the  law 
is,  should  read  to  this  whole  body  the  famous 
pronouncement  1  of  those  most  irreproachable  of  men, 
Appius  Claudius  and  Lucius  Piso,  in  which  they  both 
concurred,  should  I  not  seem  to  brand  you  with  in- 
effaceable stains,  of  which  you  could  not  rid  yourself 
for  the  rest  of  your  life  ?  And  after  that  revision  of 
the  senate  ^  we  saw  you  no  more,  unless  haply  you 
threw  yourself  into  that  camp  into  which  all  the  dregs 
of  the  commonwealth  had  flowed.^  But  that  same 
Sallust,  who  in  time  of  peace  could  not  even  remain 
a  senator,  that  same  man  after  the  republic  was  con- 
quered by  arms*  was  returned  to  the  senate,  through 
the  medium  of  a  quaestorship,  by  the  same  victor 
who  recalled  the  exiles.  That  office  he  administered 
in  such  a  manner  that  there  was  nothing  connected 
with  it  -which  he  did  not  offer  for  sale,  provided  any 
purchaser  could  be  found  for  it ;  and  he  conducted 
himself  as  if  he  considered  everything  just  and 
proper  which  he  himself  had  desired  to  do,  abusing 
his  authority  as  completely  as  anyone  might  have 
done  who  had  received  the  office  by  way  of  booty. 
Having  finished  his  quaestorship  and  having  given 
heavy  pledges  to  those  with  whom,  because  of  their 
similar  manner  of  life,  he  had  joined  himself,  he  now 
appeared  to  be  one  of  that  faction.  For  Sallust 
belonged  to  that  party  into  which,  as  into  a  common 
sewer,  a  flood  of  all  the  vices  had  flowed  ;  whatever 
wantons,  catamites,  traitors,  committers  of  sacrilege, 
and  debtors  were  to  be  found  in  the  city  or  in  the 
free  towns,  in  the  colonies  or  in  all  Italy,  were  en- 
gulfed there  as  in  a  sea,  abandoned  and  infamous 


^  Namely  Caesar's. 

*  Referring  to  Caesar's  supremacy. 


517 


SALLUST 

in  parte  castris  apti  nisi   licentia  vitiorum  et  cupidi- 
tate  rerum  novarum. 

19  VII.  ^'^  At  postea  qiiam  praetor  est  factus,  modeste 
se  gessit  et  abstinenter."  Non  ita ;  provinciam 
vastavit,  ut  nihil  neque  passi  sint  neque  exspecta- 
verint  gravius  in  bello  socii  nostri  qiiam  experti  sunt 
in  pace  hoc  African!  inferiorem  obtinente.  Unde 
tantiim  hie  exhausit,  quantum  potuit  aiit  fide  nom- 
inum  traici  aut  in  naves  contrudi ;  tantum,  inquani, 
exhausit,  patres  conscripti,  quantum  vohiit.  Ne 
causam  diceret,  sestertio  duodeciens  cum  Caesare 
})aciscitur.  Quod  si  quippiam  eorum  falsum  est^  his 
palam  refelle,  unde,  qui  modo  ne  paternam  quidem 
domum  reluere  ^  potueris,  repente  tamquam  somnio 
beatus     hortos     preciosissimos,    villam     Tiburti     C. 

20  Caesaris,  reliquas  possessiones  paraveris.  Neque 
piguit  quaerere  cur  ego  P.  Crassi  domum  emissem, 
cum  til  villae  dominus  sis  vetus  -  cuius  paulo  ante 
fuerat  Caesar?  Modo,  inquam,  patrimonio  non 
comesto,  sed  devorato  quibus  rationibus  repente 
factus  es  tarn  adfliiens  et  tam  beatus?  Nam  quis  te 
faceret  heredem,  quem  ne  amicum  quidem  suum 
satis  honestum  quisquam  sibi  ducit  nisi  simihs  ac 
par  tui  ? 

21  Vlll.  At  hercules,  egregia  facta  maiorum  tuorum 
te   extolkint ;    quorum    sive    tu    similis    es   sive    illi 

-    1  vehiere,    V  (elu  in  an  erasure),    Htraeiin  ;    relinire,   (he 
other  eodice.s  ;  re(Hniere,  Aldus. ;  retinore,   Vogel. 
2  netus,  M;  veteris,  z,  Aldu,s ;  eius,  Baiter. 


AN    INVECTIVE  AGAINST  SALLUST,  18-21 

characters,  in  no  wise  fit  for  a  camp  except  in  the 
licence  of  their  vices  and  their  love  of  disorder. 

VII.  "But  perhaps  he  conducted  himself  with 
moderation  and  integrity  after  he  became  a  praetor." 
Not  so  ;  he  so  pillaged  his  province  that  our  allies 
never  suffered  or  looked  for  anything  worse  in  time 
of  v/ar  than  they  experienced  during  peace  while  he 
was  governor  of  lower  Africa.  He  drained  from 
that  province  as  much  as  could  be  carried  off  on 
credit  or  crammed  into  ships ;  he  drained_,  I  say. 
Fathers  of  the  Senate,  as  much  as  he  wished.  He 
bargained  with  Caesar  for  twelve  hundred  thousand 
sesterces  ^  that  he  should  not  be  brought  to  trial. 
If  any  of  these  statements  is  false,  refute  it  by 
telling  us  how  it  was  that  a  man  who  a  short  time 
before  could  not  even  buy  back  his  father's  house, 
suddenly  became  rich  beyond  the  dreams  of  avarice 
and  acquired  those  precious  gardens,and  the  Tiburtine 
residence  of  Gaius  Caesar,  and  the  rest  of  your 
possessions.  And  were  you  not  ashamed  to  ask  why 
I  had  bought  the  house  of  Publius  Crassus,  when 
you  were  the  old  established  master  of  the  villa  in 
which  the  master  had  once  been  Caesar  ?  Tell  me, 
I  repeat,  when  you  had,  not  devoured,  but  gorged 
your  patrimony,  by  what  means  you  suddenly 
became  so  prosperous  and  wealthy.  Who,  pray, 
made  an  heir  of  you,  a  man  whom  no  one  considered 
it  respectable  to  have  even  for  a  friend,  except  of 
those  who  are  like  and  similar  to  yourself.^ 

VIII.  But,  good  heavens !  I  suppose  the  great 
deeds  of  your  ancestors  exalt  you,  when  it  is  true 
that  if  you   resemble  them   or   they  resemble   you 

^  See  Index,  s.v.  sestertius. 


SALLUST 

tui,    nihil    ad    omnium    scelus    ac     nequitiam    addi 
potest. 

Verum,  ut  opinor^  honores  tui  te  faciunt  insolen- 
tem.  Tuj  C.  Sallusti,  idem  putas  esse  bis  senatorem 
et  bis  quaestorem  fieri  quod  bis  consularem  et  bis 
triumphalem  ?  Carere  decet  omni  vitio  qui  in 
alterum  dicere  parat.  Is  demum  male  dicit,  qui 
non  potest  verum  ab  altero  audire.  Sed  tu,  omnium 
mensarum  assecula,  omnium  cubiculorum  in  aetata 
paelex  et  idem  postea  adulter,  omnis  ordinis  tur- 
22  pitudo  es  et  civilis  belli  memoria.  Quid  enim  hoc 
gravius  pati  potuimus  quam  quod  te  incolumem  in 
hoc  ordine  videmus  ?  Desine  bonos  petulantissima 
consectari  lingua,  desine  morbo  procacitatis  isto  uti, 
desine  unum  quemque  moribus  tuis  aestimare.  His 
moribus  amicum  tibi  facere  non  potes ;  videris  velle 
inimicum  habere. 

Finem  dicendi  faciam,  patres  conscripti.  Saepe 
enim  vidi  gravius  offendere  animos  auditorum  eos, 
qui  aliena  flagitia  apte  dixerunt,  quam  eos_,  qui 
commiserunt.  Mihi  quidem  ratio  habenda  est  non 
quae  Sallustius  merito  debeat  audire,  sed  ut  ea 
dicam,  si  qua  ego  honeste  eflPari  possim. 


520 


AN   INVECTIVE  AGAINST  SALLUST,  21-22 

nothing  can  be  added  to  the  wickedness  and  base- 
ness of  all  of  them. 

Perhaps  it  is  your  own  political  offices  which  make 
you  insolent.  Do  you  imagine^  Gaius  Sallustius^  that 
to  be  twice  a  senator  and  twice  a  quaestor  is  the 
same  thing  as  to  be  twice  a  consular  and  twice  a 
triumphator  ?  ^  One  ought  oneself  to  be  wholly 
free  from  fault  who  is  making  ready  to  speak  against 
another.  He  only  has  a  right  to  utter  reproaches 
who  cannot  hear  a  just  reproach  from  another's  lips. 
But  you,  the  parasite  of  all  tables,  the  harlot  of  all 
chambers  in  your  youth  and  in  later  years  their 
adulterer,  are  the  disgrace  of  our  whole  order  and  a 
memory  of  the  civil  war.  For  what  worse  affliction 
could  we  endure  as  a  result  of  that  strife  than  to  see 
you  reinstated  in  this  assembly  ?  Cease,  then,  to 
assail  good  men  with  your  most  wanton  tongue, 
cease  to  make  use  of  that  disease  of  calumny  from 
which  you  suffer,  cease  to  measure  all  men  by  the 
standard  of  your  own  character.  By  such  conduct 
you  cannot  gain  a  single  friend ;  but  you  appear  to 
wish  to  add  to  the  number  of  your  enemies.^ 

I  shall  cease  speaking.  Fathers  of  the  Senate,  for 
I  have  often  seen  men  more  grievously  offend  the 
minds  of  their  hearers  by  descanting  eloquently  on 
others'  crimes  than  by  committing  crimes  themselves. 
I  must  therefore  consider,  not  what  Sallust  ought 
by  rights  to  hear,  but  how  I  may  say  what  I  have  to 
say,  if  it  is  at  all  possible,  in  an  honourable  manner. 

'  The  title  applied  to  one  who  had  been  granted  a  triumph. 
'^  In  the  person  of  Cicero. 


521 


INDEX 


The  following  abbreviatiotis  are  used  :  G.  —  Catiline  ;  J.  =  Jngurtha  ; 
H.  =  Histories  (i.  55,  The  Speech  of  Lepidus;  i.  77,  The  Speech  of 
Philippus;  ii.  47,  Tlie  Speech  of  Cotta;  ii.  98,  The  Letter  of  Pompey  ; 
iii.  48,  The  Speech  of  Macer  ;  iv.  69,  The  Letter  of  Mithridates)  ;  O.  =  The 
Oration  to  Caesar ;  E.  =  The  Epistle  to  Caesar  ;  Inv.  I.  =--  The  lnv«ctive 
of  Sallust  against  Cicero ;  Inv.  II.   ^   The   Invective  of  Cicero  against 

SaJInst. 


Aborigines,    C.    vi.    1.      A    name 

applied  to  the  primitive  inhabi- 
tants of  Italy. 
Adherbal,  J.  v.   7  ;    ix.   4  ;    x.   8  ; 

xi.  3  ;    xiii.  1  ibis),  3,  9  ;    xv.  1 , 

2,  3  ;  xvi.  2,  5  ;   xx.  1,  4  ;   xxi.  1, 

2,   3  ;    xxii.   4,   5  ;    xxv.   1,   10  ; 

xxvi.  1,  3  ;    XXXV.  1  ;    xlviii.  3. 

Elder  son  of  Micipsa. 
Aegj-^ptus,  J.  xix.  3  {bis).     Egypt. 
Aemilii,  H.  i.  55.  3.     A  celebrated 

patrician  family  at  Home. 
Aemilius,  -a,  -um,  adj.  :    gens,  H. 

i.  77.  6. 
Aemilius  Lepidus,  M.,  H.  i.  55.  27  ; 

77.  2,  3,  6,  7  ibis),  14,  18,  19,  22. 

Father  of  the  Triumvir  ;    consul 

in  78  B.C. 
Aemilius    Lepidus    Livianus,    Ma- 

mercus,  H.  iii.  48.  10.    Consul  in 

77  B.C. 
Aemilius  Lepidus,  M'.,  C.  xviii.  2. 

Consul  in  66  B.C. 
Aemilius   Paulus,    L.,    C.   xxxi.    4. 

Brother  of  the  Triumvir  Lepidus 

and  consul  in  50  B.C. 
Aemilius   Scaurus,   M.,  J.   xv.     4  ; 

xxv.  4,  10  ;  xxviii.  4  ;  xxix.  2,  3, 

5 ;     XXX.    2 ;     xxxii.    1  ;     xl.    4. 

Consul  in  115  B.C. 
Aeneas,  C  vi.  1. 
Aethiopes,  J.  xix.  6.     The  people 

of  Aethiopia  in  Central  Africa. 
Afri,  J.  xviii.   3.     The  people  of 

Africa. 
Africa,  J.  v.  4  ;    xiii.  1  ;    xiv.  10  ; 

SAL. 


xvii.  1,  3  {bis),  7  ;  xviii.  ] 
4,  12  ;  xix.  3,  8  ;  xx.  1  ;  xxi.  4 
xxii.  1  ;  xxiii.  1  ;  xxv.  1,  4 
xxvii.  5 ;  xxviii.  7  ;  xxx.  1 
xxxvi.  1  ;  xxxix.  4  ;  xliv.  1 
Ixvi.  2 ;  Ixxviii.  2  ;  Ixxix.  2 
Ixxxvi.  4  ;  Ixxxix.  7  ;  xcvi.  1 
xcvii.  2 ;  civ.  3  ;  Inferior, 
Inv.  II.  vii.  19. 

Africanus,  surname  of  P.  Cornelius 
Scipio  Africanus,  J.  v.  4  ; 
Inv.  I.  i.  1. 

Africus,  -a,  -um,  adj.  to  Africa  : 
mare,  J.  xviii.  9.  A  name  applied 
to  the  southern  part  of  the 
Mediterranean. 

Albinus,  see  Postumius. 

Allobroges,  C.  xl.  1,  4 ;  xli.  1  ; 
xliv.  1,  3  ;  xlv.  1  ;  xlix.  1,  4  ; 
1.  1  ;  Iii.  36.  A  Gallic  people, 
whose  territories  extended  from 
Lake  Geneva  south-west  to  the 
Rhone. 

Alpes,  If.  ii.  98.  4. 

Annius,  C,  J.  Ixxvii.  4.  Prefect 
of  Leptis  Magna. 

Annius,  Q.,  C.  xvii.  3  ;  A 
friend  of  Catiline. 

Antiochus,  H.  i.  55.  4  ;  iv.  69.  6 
{bis),  8,  n.  Antiochus  LIT., 
king  of  Syria,  defeated  by  the 
Romans  in  a  war  lasting  from 
192  to  190  B.C. 

Antonius  (Hybrida),  C,  C.  xxi.  3  ; 
xxiv.  1  ;  xxvi.  1,4;  xxxvi.  3  ; 
Ivi.  4  ;  Ivii.  4,  5  ;  lix.  4.    Consul 


INDEX 


with  Cicero  in  63  B.C.    Son  of  the 

famous  orator  M.  Antonius  and 

uncle  of  Mark  Antony. 
Apphis,  see  Claudius. 
Appuleius    Saturninus,    L.,    H.    i. 

77.  7.     Tribune  of  the  commons 

in    100    B.C.      Slain    with    the 

praetor  Olaucia  during  political 

disturbances. 
Apulia,    C.   xxvii.   1  ;    xxx.   2,   3  ; 

xlii.   1  ;    xlvi.   3.     A   district  in 

the  south-eastern  part  of  Italy. 
Archelaus,  H.  iv.  C9,  12.    A  general 

of  Mithridates,  defeated  by  Sulla 

at    Chaeronea    in    86    and    at 

Orchonienos  in  85  B.C. 
Ariobarzanes,  U.  iv.  69.  15.    King 

of  Cappadocia. 
Aristonicus,  77.  iv.  69.  8.     Son  of 

Eumenes,  king  of  Pergamum. 
Armenia,    H.    iv.    69.    15,    21.      A 

country  east  of  Asia  Minor  and 

Cappadocia. 
Armenii,  J.  xviii.  4,  9.    Inhabitants 

of  Armenia. 
Arpinas,  Inv.  I.  iii.  4.    A  native  of 

Arpinum,       especially       Cicero. 

Romulus  Arpinas,  Inv.  I.  iv.  7. 

A  name  applied  in  derision  to 

Cicero. 
Arpinum,  J.  Ixiii.   3.     A  town  in 

the  Volscian  coimtry,  birthplace 

of  Marius  and  of  Cicero. 
Arretinus,     -a,     -nm,     adj.     from 

Arretium,     a    city    of     Etruria, 

modern  Arezzo  :  ager,  C.  xxxvi.  1. 
Arsaces,  77.  iv.  69.  1.     A  surname 

of  the  Parthian  kings,  used  of 

Phraates  IIT. 
Asia,  C.  ii.  2  ;   xl.  5  ;   H.  ii.  47.  7  ; 

iv.  69,  6,  9,  11.     Refers  to  the 

Roman  province  in  Asia  Minor. 
Aspar,  J.  cviii.  1 ;   cix.  1  ;    cxii.  1 . 

A   Numidian   spy  employed   by 

Jugurtha. 
Athenienses,  C.  ii.  2 ;  viii.  2,  3  ;  Ii.  28. 
Aulus,  see  Postumius  Albinus. 
Aurelia  Orestilla,  C.  xv.  2  ;  xxxv.  3, 

6.    Second  wife  of  Catiline. 
Aurelius  Cotta,  C,   77.  ii.   47.   10  ; 

98.    10 ;    iii.   48.   8.     Consul   in 

75  B.C.  and  a  famous  orator, 
Aurelius    Cotta,    L.,    C.    xviii.    5. 

Brother  of  C.  Cotta  and  consul 

in  65  B.C. 


Autronius  (Paetus),  P.,  C  xvii.  3  ,* 
xviii.  2,  5  ;  xlvii.  1  ;  xlviii.  7- 
Quaestor  with  Cicero  in  75  B.C- 
He  was  elected  to  the  consulship 
for  65,  but  was  found  guilty  of 
bribery.  One  of  the  Catilinarian 
conspirators. 

Aventinus,  J.  xxxi.  17.  The  most 
southerly  of  the  hills  of  Rome. 


Baebius,  C,  J.  xxxiii.  2  ;  xxxiv.  1, 
Tribune  of  the  commons  in 
111  B.C. 

Baleares,  J.  cv.  2.  Inhabitants 
of  the  Balearic  Islands  in  the 
Mediterranean  near  the  eastern 
coast  of  Spain.  They  were 
famous  as  slingers. 

Bestia,  see  Calpurnius. 

Bellienus,  L.,  J.  civ.  1.  Praetorian 
governor  of  the  province  of 
Africa  in  106  B.C. 

Bibulus,  see  Calpurnius. 

Bithynia,  77.  iv.  69,  9,  11.  A 
country  in  northern  Asia  Minor 
on  the  Propontis  (Sea  of  Marmora ) 
and  the  Euxine  (Black  Sea). 

Bocchus,  J.  xix,  7 ;  Ixii.  7  ; 
Ixxiv.  1  ;  Ixxx.  3,  4,  6  ;  Ixxxi.  1 
(bis),  4  ;  Ixxxiii.  1,  3  ;  Ixxxviii.  5  ; 
xcvii.  1,  3  ;  ci.  5,  6,  9  ;  cii.  2, 
5,  12  ;  ciii.  2,  7  ;  civ.  1,  3,  5  ; 
cv,  1,  3 ;  cvi.  1  ;  cvii.  2 ; 
cviii,  1  (bis),  2,  3 ;  cix,  4 ; 
cxii,  2,  3 ;  cxiii,  2,  King  of 
Mauretania  and  father-in-law  of 
Jugurtha. 

Bomilcar,  J.  xxxv.  4,  5,  7,  9 ; 
xlix,  1  ;  Iii,  5  ;  Ixi,  4  ;  Ixx,  1,  5  ; 
Ixxi.  2 ;  Ixxii,  1  ;  Ixxiii,  1.  A 
Numidian,  a  friend  of  Jugurtha. 

Bruttium,  C.  xlii.  1.  The  country 
of  the  Brutii  in  the  south- 
western extremity  of  Italy. 

Bruti,  H.  i.  55.  3.  A  famous 
Roman  family. 

Brutus,  see  lunius. 


Cabira  (Cabera),  77.  iv.  69.  15.     A 

city  of  Pontus. 
Caecilius    Metellus    Ccler,    Q..    C. 

xxx.  5  ;  xlii.  3  ;  Ivii.  2.    Praetor 

in  63  B.C. 


524 


INDEX 


Caecilius  Metellus  Creticus,  Q., 
C.  XXX.  3.    Consul  in  69  B.C. 

Caecilius  Metellus  Numidicus,   Q 
J.  xliii.  1  (bis) ;  xliv.  3  ;  xlv.  1 
xlvi.     1,     3,     6 ;      xlvii.     1,     3 
xlviii.  1,2;    xlix.  4  ;    1.  3  (bis) 
li.  3  ;  lii.  2  ;  liii.  5  ;   liv.  1,  5,  9 
Iv.    1,    2,    8  ;     Ivi.    2 ;     Ivii.    2 
Iviii.  4,  7  ;    Ixi.  1  ;    Ixii.  4,  10 
Ixiv.  1,  4  ;    Ixv.  2,  4  ;    Ixvi.  2 
Ixviii.    1  ;     Ixix.    1,    4 ;     Ixx.    5 
(bis) ;    Ixxiii.  1,  3,  5  ;    Ixxiv.  2 
Ixxv.  2,  5  ;  Ixxvi.  1,2;  Ixxvii.  1 
3  ;  Ixxx.  1  ;  Ixxxi.  2  ;  Ixxxiii.  3 
Ixxxvi.  5  ;  Ixxxviii.  1  ;  Ixxxix.  6 
Consul  in  109  B.C.,  commander- 
in-chief    against  Jugnrtha    100- 
107. 

Caecilius  Metellus  Pius,  Q.,  H.  ii. 
98.  9.  Son  of  Numidicus,  consul 
in  80  B.C.  Commander  against 
Sertorius  in  Spain. 

Caeparius,  C.  xlvi.  3,  4  ;  xlvii.  1,  4  ; 
lii.  34 ;  Iv.  6.  A  native  of 
Terracina,  a  friend  of  Catiline. 

Caepio,  see  Servilius. 

Caesar,  see  lulius. 

Calpurnius  Bestia,  L.,  J.  xxvii.   4 
(bis)  ■    xxviii.  2,  4,  7  ;    xxix.  4 
5,    7 ;     XXX,    2,    4 ;     xxxii.    2 
xxxiv.    2 ;     XXXV.    2 ;     xl.    4 
Ixxvii.  2,  3  ;    Ixxxv.  16.     Consul 
in  111  B.C.  and  in  charge  of  the 
war  with  Jugurtha  during  that 
year. 

Calpurnius  Bestia,  L.,  C.  xvii.  3  ; 
xliii.  1.  Nephew  of  the  pre- 
ceding, one  of  the  Catilinarian 
conspirators. 

Calpurnius  Bibulus,  M.,  E.  ix.  1  ; 
Inv.  I.  iv.  7  ;   Inv.  II.  iv.  12. 

Calpurnius  Piso,  C,  C.  xlix.  1,  2. 
Consul  in  67  B.C.  and  pro- 
consular governor  of  Gallia 
Narbonensis  66-65. 

Calpurnius  Piso,  Cn.,.  C.  xviii.  4,  5  ; 
xix,  1,  3,  5  ;  xxi.  3.  A  follower 
of  Catiline.  Quaestor  with 
praetorian  powers  in  Spain  and 
killed  there  in  64  B.C. 

Calpurnius  Piso  Bestia,  L.,  Inv.  II. 
vi.  16. 

Gamers,  adj.  from  Camerinum,  a 
town  of  Umbria  :   C.  xxvii.  1. 

Capito,  see  Gabinius, 


Capitolium,  C.  xviii.  5  ;  xlvii.  2. 
The  temple  of  Jupiter,  Juno,  and 
Minerva  on  the  Capitoline  Hill  at 
Eome.  Also  applied  to  the  whole 
of  thnt  summit  of  the  hill. 

Capsa,  J.  Ixxxix.  4 ;  xci.  3.  4  ; 
xcvii.  1.  A  city  in  south-eastern 
Numidia,  modern  Gaffa. 

Capsenses,  J.  Ixxxix.  6 ;  xcii.  4. 
The  inhabitants  of  Capsa. 

Capua,  C.  XXX.  2,  5,  7.  An  ancient 
city  of  Campania. 

Carbo,  see  Papirius. 

Carthaginiensis,  -e,  adj.  from  Car- 
thago :  bellvm,  J.  xiv.  5.  As 
subsf:,  Carthaginienses,  C.  li.  6  ; 
J.  V.  4  {bis) ;  xiv.  8,  10  ;  xix.  3 ; 
7  ;  Ixxix.  1,  2,  7,  8,  10  ;  Ixxxi.  1  ; 
H.  iv.  69.  5. 

Carthago,  C.  x.  1  ;  J.  xviii.  11  ; 
xix.  2  ;  xli.  2  ;  Ixxix.  5. 

Cassius  Longiuus,  L.,  J.  xxxii.  1, 
5  {bis);  xxxiij.  1.  Praetor  in  111 
and  consul  in  107  B.C.,  when  he 
fell  in  battle  against  the  Tigurini 
in  Gaul. 

Cassius  Longinus,  L.,  C.  xvii.  3  ; 
xliv.  1,  2  ;  1.  4.  Praetor  in 
66  B.C.,  one  of  the  Catilinarian 
conspirators. 

Catabathm.os,  J.  xvii.  4  ;  xix.  3. 
Ihe  part  of  Northern  Africa 
lying  between  the  Cyrenaica  and 
the  Nile. 

Catilina,  see  Sergius. 

Cato,  see  Porcius. 

Catulus,  see  Lutatius. 

Celer,  see  Caecilius  Metellus. 

Cethegus,  see  Cornelius. 

Chalcedon,  H.  iv.  69.  13.  A  city 
of  Bithynia  near  Byzantium. 

Cicero,  see  Tullius. 

Cilicia,  H.  ii.  47.  7.  A  country 
and  Eoman  province  in  south- 
eastern Asia  Minor. 

Cimbricus,     -a,     -um,     adj.     from 
Cimbri,  a  Germanic  tribe  whicli 
invaded    Italy    and    was    van- 
quished by  Marius  :    bellum,   C 
lix.  3  ;  praeda,  H.  i.  55.  17. 

Cinna,  see  Cornelius. 

Cirta,  J.  xxi.  2  {bis) ;  xxii.  1 
xxiii.  1,  2 ;  xxv.  9 ;  xxvi.  1 
XXXV.  1  ;  Ixxxi.  2 ;  Ixxxii.  1 
Ixxxviii.     3 ;      ci.     1  ;      cii.     1 


525 


INDEX 


civ.  1.    I  he  capital  of  Numidia 
modern  Constantino. 

Claudius  Caecus,  Ap.,  O.  i.  2  ; 
Ini\  II.  vi.  IG. 

Claudius  Pulcher,  Ap.,  H.  i.  77.  22. 
Consul  in  79  u.C.  and  inter  rex 
during  the  insurrection  of 
Lepidu.s. 

Claudius  Nero,  Ti.,  C.  1.  4.  Grand- 
father of  the  emperor  Tiberius. 

Concordia,  C.  xlvi.  5  ;  xlix.  4.  A 
Eoman  goddess  having  a  temple 
at  the  foot  of  the  Capitoline  Hill 
at  the  western  end  of  the  Forum. 

Cornelii  :  tres,  C.  xlvii.  2  ;  Cor- 
nelionmi  c/ens,  C.  Iv.  6.  *One  of 
the  most  famous  of  Roman 
gentes. 

Cornelius,  H.  i.  55.  17.  A  scribC; 
probably  one  of  the  slaves  freed 
by  Sulla,  who  took  the  name  of 
their  patronus. 

Cornelius,  C,  C.  xvii.  3  ;  xxviii.  1. 
A  Eoman  knight  who  volun- 
teered to  assassinate  Cicero. 

Cornelius  Cethegus,  C,  C.  xvii.  4  ; 
xxxii.  2  ;  xliii.  2,  3  ;  xliv.  1  ; 
xlvj.  3  ;  xlvii.  4 ;  xlviii.  4  ; 
1.  2  ;  lii.  33  ;  Iv.  6  ;  Ivii.  1 . 
One  of  the  Catilinarian  con- 
spirators. 

Cornelius  Cethegus,  P.,  //.  i.  77.  20 . 
A  follower  first  of  Marius  and 
later  of  Sulla  ;  very  inlluential 
after  the  latter's  death. 

Cornelius  Cinna,  L.,  C.  xlvii.  2  ; 
H.  i.  77.  19.  Consul  87-84  B.C., 
closely  associated  with  Marius. 

Cornelius  Lentulus  Spinther,  P., 
C.  xlvii.  3.  A  friend  of  Cicero, 
aedile  in  63  and  consul  in  57  B.C. 

Cornelius  Lentulus  Sura,  P.,  C. 
xvii.  3 ;  xxxii.  2 ;  xxxix.  6  ; 
xhii.  1  ;  xliv.  1,  3  ;  xlvi.  3, 
5;  xlvii.  2  (bis),  3;  1.  I  ; 
li.  7;  lii.  17,  33;  Iv.  2,  5  ; 
Ivii.  1  ;  Iviii.  4.  One  of  the 
leaders  in  Catiline's  conspiracy. 
Consul  in  71  B.C.,  praetor  for 
the  second  time  in  63  B.C. 

Cornelius  Scipio  Africanus,  P., 
J.  iv.  5  ;  V.  4  ;  Inv.  /.  i.  1.  The 
elder  Scipio,  the  conqueror  of 
Hannil);>l.    See  also  Scii)iones. 

Cornelius   Scipio   Aeinilianus   Afri- 


canus, P.,  ./.  vii.  4 ;  viii.  2  ; 
xxii.  2.  The  younger  Scipio,  who 
destroyed  Carthage  in  146  and 
Numantia  in  133  B.C.  See  also 
Scipiones. 

Cornelius  Scipio  Nasica,  P.,  J. 
xxvii.  4  (bis). 

Cornelius  Sisenna,  L.,  J.  xcv.  2. 
A  Eomaii  historical  writer  who 
lived  from  119  to  67  B.C., 
praetor  in  78.  He  wrote  a 
history  of  the  Social  and  Civil 
Wars  in  at  least  23  books. 

Cornelius  Sulla,  L.,  C.  v.  6  : 
xi.  4,  5  ;  xxviii.  4  ;  xxxvii.  9  ; 
xlvii.  2  ;  li.  32,  34;  ./.  xcv.  1, 
2,  3  ;  xcvi.  1  ;  xcviii.  4  ;  c.  2  ; 
ci.  4,  8  ;  cii.  3,  4,  15  ;  ciii.  4, 
5,  7  ;  civ.  1,  2,  3  ;  cv.  1,  3  ; 
cvi.  2,  5;  cvii.  1,  5;  cviii.  1, 
2,  3;  cix.  1,4;  ex.  2  ;  cxi.  1,  3  ; 
cxii.  1,  3  ;  cxiii.  2,  4,  6  ;  H.  i.  55. 
1,  7,  16,  19;  H.  iii.  48.  1,  9  ; 
E.  iv.  1  ;   Ino.  I.  iii.  6. 

Cornelius  Sulla,  P.,  C.  xviii.  2. 
Elected  consul  for  65  B.C.,  but 
found  guilty  of  bribery.  Later 
defended  by  Cicero  in  his  Pro 
SuV.a. 

Cornelius  Sulla,  P.,  C.  xvii.  3. 
Nephew  of  the  dictator,  one  of 
the  CatiUnarian  conspirators. 

Cornelius  Sulla,  Ser.,  C.  xvii.  3  ; 
xlvii.  1 .  Brother  of  the  preceding. 

Cornelius  Sulla,  Ser.,  C.  xvii.  3. 
Father  of  the  two  preceding. 

Cornificius,  Q.,  C.  xlvii.  4.  A 
friend  of  Cicero's,  candidate  for 
the  consulship  in  63  B.C. 

Cotta.  see  Aurelius. 

Crassus,  see  Licinius. 

Cretenses,  H.  iv.  69.  10,  12. 

Creticus,  see  (!aecilius  Metcllus. 

Crotonensis,  -e,  adj.  from  Crotona, 
a  city  of  Magna  Graecia  on  the 
coast  of  Hruttium  :  ijuidaiv,  C. 
xliv.  3. 

Curius,  Q.,  C.  xvii.  3  ;  xxiii.  1,4; 
xxvi.  3 ;  xxviii.  2.  One  of 
Catiline's  fellow-conspirators. 

Cyreue  (Curene),  ./.  xix.  3. 

Cyrenenses,  ./.  Ixxix.  2,  5,  7.  The 
people  of  Cyrene. 

Cyrus,  C.  ii.  2.  The  founder  of  the 
Persiaji  monarchy  (559-529  B.C.). 


I 


526 


INDEX 


Cyzicus,  H.  iv.  69,  14.  A  city  of 
Mysia  on  the  Propontis  (Sea  of 
Marmora). 


Dabar,  J.  cviii.  1  ;  cix.  4  ;  cxii.  1. 
Son  of  Massiigrada  and  grandson 
of  Masinissa. 

Damasippus,  C.  li.  32,  34  ;  H.  i. 
77.  7.  Surname  of  L.  luhius 
Brutus,  a  follower  of  Marius. 
When  praetor  in  82  B.C.,  he  put 
to  death  many  of  Sulla's  fol- 
lowers. He  was  himself  slain  in 
Sulla's  massacre  after  the  victory 
at  the  Colline  Gate. 

December,  -bris,  -bre,  adj.  :  nonas, 
C.  xviii.  5. 

Domitius  .Ahenobarbus,  Cn.,  0.  iv.  1 
Consul  in  87  B.C. 

Domitius  Ahenobarbus,  L.,  E. 
iv.  2  ;   ix.  2.    Consul  in  94  B.C. 

Drusus,  see  Livius. 

Dyrrachium,  Inv.  I.  iv.  7.  A  town 
in  southern  lUyricum,  nearly 
opposite  Brundisium. 


Etruria,    C.   xxvii.    1  ;     xxviii.    4  ; 

H.  i.  77.  6,  8. 
Eumenes,  H.  iv.  69.  8.    EumenesII. 

king  of  Pergamum,   an   ally  of 

the  Romans  in  their  war  with 

Antiochus. 
Europa,  J.  xvii.  3  (bis). 


Fabii,  Inv.  I.  iv.  7. 

Fabius  Maxumus  (Cunctator),  Q., 
J.  iv.  5.  The  famous  "  shield 
of  Rome,"  whose  "  Fabian 
policy  "  wore  out  Hannibal. 

Fabius  Sanga,  Q.,  C.  xli.  4,  5. 
Patron  of  the  Allobroges  at 
Rome  in  the  time  of  Cicero. 

Faesulae,  C.  xxiv.  2 ;  xxvii.  1  ; 
XXX.  1,  3.  A  town  of  Etruria, 
modern  Fiesole,  near  Florence. 

Faesulanus,  -a,  -um,  adj.  from 
Faesulae  :  arjer,  C.  xliii.  1.  As 
subst.,  Faesulanus,  an  inhabitant 
of  Faesulae,  C.  lix.  3  ;   Ix.  6. 

Favonius,  M.,  E.  ix.  4. 

Februarius,  -a,  -um,  adj.  :  nonas, 
C.  xviii.  6. 


Felix,   H.   i.   55.   20.     Surname  of 

L.  Cornelius  Sulla. 
Figulus,  see  Marcius. 
Flaccus,  see  Fulvius  and  Valerius. 
Flaminius,  C,  C.  xxxvi.  1. 
Fufidius,  H.  i.  55.  22.    A  centurion 

of  Sulla. 
Fulvia,    C.   xxiii.    3,    4  ;     xxvi.    3  ; 

xxviii.  2. 
Fulvius    I'laccus,    M.,    J.    xvi.    2  ; 

xxxi.  7  ;    xlii.  1.     A  follower  of 

the  Gracchi,  slain  in  121  B.C. 
Fulvius   Nobilior,    M.,    C.   xvii.    4. 

A  Roman  kniglit,  a  follower  of 

Catiline. 
Fulvius,  A.,  C  xxxix.  5.     Son  of  a 

senator  ;    a  member  of  Catiline's 

conspiracy. 
Furius,   P.,   C.  1.   4.     A  native  of 

Faesulae. 

Gabinius   Capito,    P.,    C.    xvii.    4 ; 

xl.  6  ;    xliii.  2  ;    xlvi.  3  ;    xlvii.  1 

(bis),  4  ;  lii.  34  ;  Iv.  6.    A  Roman 

knight,  a  follower  of  Catiline. 
Gaetuli,  J.  xviii.  1,  7,  9,  12  ;  xix.  5, 

7  ;       Ixxx.      1  ;       Ixxxviii.      3  ; 

xcvii.    4 ;     xcix.   2  ;     ciii.    4.     A 

people   of   north-eastern   Africa, 

south  of  the  Numidians. 
Galli,  C.  xlv.  3  ;    xlvii.  2  ;   lii.  24  ; 

liii.  3  ;    J.  cxiv.  1,  2. 
GaUia,  C.  xl.  2  ;    Ivi.  4  ;    Ivii.  3  ; 

Iviii.   4,   6 ;    J.  cxiv.   3;    H.   ii. 

98.    5,    9 ;    iv.    40.     Citerior,   C. 

xlii.   1   (should  be   Ulterior),   3  : 

Ulterior,  C.  xlii.  1.     Transalpina, 

C.  Ivii.  1. 
Gallicus,   -a,   -um,  adj.  to   Gallia  : 

bellum,  C.  lii.   30  ;    gens,   C.   xl. 

1  ;    E.  xii.  5. 
Gauda,    J.    Ixv.    1.      Brother    of 

Jugurtha. 
Gracchi,  ./.  xlii.  1,  2.    Tiberius  and 

Gains  Gracchus  ;  see  Sempronius. 
Gracchus,  see  Sempronius. 
^Graeci,    C.    liii.    3  ;     J.    Ixxix.    8  ; 

Ixxxv.  12  ;   E.  ix.  3  (bis). 
Graecia,   C.  ii.  2;    li.   39;    H.  iv. 

69.  11. 
Graecus,  -a,  -um,  adj.  to  Graecia  : 
facundia,  J.  Ixiii.  3  ;    litterae,  C . 

XXV.  2  ;   J.  Ixxxv.  32  ;   xcv.  3. 
Gulu.ssa,  J.  v.  6  ;  xxxv.  1,    Son  of 

Masinissa. 


527 


INDEX 


Hadrumetum,  J.  xix.  1.  A  city 
on  the  northern  coast  of  Africa, 
motlern  Susa. 

Hamilcar,  J.  Ixxvii.  1.  A  promi- 
nent citizen  of  Leptis  Magna. 

Hannibal,  J.  v.  4  ;  H.  i.  55.  4  ; 
ii.  98.  4.  The  famous  Cartha- 
ginian general. 

Heraclea,  B.  iv.  69.  14.  A  city  of 
Pontus. 

Hercules,  J.  xviii.  3  ;  Libyan,  J . 
ixxxix    4 

Herennius,  "c,  B.  ii.  98.  6.  A 
general  under  Sertorius. 

Hiempsal,  J.  v.  7  ;  ix.  4  ;  x.  8  ; 
xi.  3,  6,  9 ;  xii.  3  ibis),  5  ; 
XV.  1,  3 ;  xxiv.  6 ;  xxviii.  1. 
Son  of  Micipsa. 

Hiempsal,  J.  xvii.  7.  Great- 
grandson  of  Masinissa,  son  of 
Gauda  and  father  of  Juba. 

Hippo,  J.  xix.  1.  The  name  of  two 
cities  on  the  northern  coast  of 
Africa,  west  of  Carthage,  distin- 
guished as  H.  Regius  and  H. 
Zarytus.  The  latter  is  probably 
meant,  modern  Biserta.  < 

Hispani,  C.  xix.  5  ;  J.  xviii.  5. 

Hispania,  J.  vii.  2  ;    x.  2  ;    xviii 
3,    9;     xix.    4;     H.    ii.    47.    6 
98.   4,   10  :    Citerior,  C.  xix.   1 
xxi.  3  :  B.  ii.  98.  9. 

Hispaniae,  C.  xviii.  5. 

Hispanus,  -a,  -um,  adj.  to  Hispania 
equites,  C.  xix.  3. 


Tanuarius,  -a,  -um,  adj.  :   kalendae, 

C.  xviii.  5  ;   J.  cxiv.  3  ;   mensis, 

J.  xxxvii.  3. 
Indigetes,  B.  ii.  98.  5.     A  people 

dwelling    in    the    north-eastern 

corner  of  Spain  on  the  slope  of 

the  Pyrenees. 
Italia,    C.    xxiv.    2 ;     lii.    15 ;     J. 

V,  2,  4  ;    xxvii.  3  ;    xxviii.  2,  6  ; 

XXXV.  9  ;    cxiv.  2  ;    B.  ii.  47.  7, 

98.  4,  7,  10  ;    0.  viii.  4;   Inv.  I . 

iv.  7  ;  Inv.  II.  vi.  18. 
Italicus,   -a,   -um,   adj.   to   Italia  : 

genus,  ./.  xlvii.  1  ;   socii,  J.  xl.  2 . 

As  subst.  Italici,  J.  xxvi.  1,  2  ; 

Ixvii.  3.     Natives  of  Italy, 
lugurtha,   J.   v.    1,   7;    vi.   2,   3  ; 

vii.  4,  0  ;    viii.   1  ;    ix.   2,  3,   4  ; 


X.  1,  7;  xi.  1,  3  (bis),  5,  7 
xii.  4,  5  ;  xiii.  2,  5  ;  xiv.  2,  4 
11,  14,  15,  20;  XV.  1  (bis),  2 
xvi.  2,  3,  5  ;  xix.  7  ;  xx.  1,  5,  6 
xxi.  1,  3 ;  'xxii.  2 ;  xxiii.  1 
xxiv.  2,  4,  10 ;  xxv.  1,  5 
xxvi.  1,  3  ;  xxvii.  2  ;  xxviii.  1,  2 
xxix.  1,  3,  4  ;  xxxi.  18,19  ;  xxxii 
1,  3,  5  ;  xxxiii.  1,4;  xxxiv.  1,  2 
XXXV.  1,  2,  4,  8 ;  xxxvi.  2 
x.xxviii.  1 ;  xlvi.  1,  4,  8  ;  xlvii.  3 
xlviii.  1  ;  xlix.  1  ;  1.  3.  5  ;  Ii.  5 
lii.  2  ;  liv.  2  ;  Iv.  1,  4,  8  ;  Ivi.  1 
Iviii.  1,6;  lix.  2  :  Ix.  4  ;■  Ixi.  1,  4 
5 ;  Ixii.  1,  3,  5,  8  ;  Ixiv.  5 
Ixvi.  1,  2;  Ixix.  1 ;  Ixx.  1,  2,  5 
Ixxii.  2  ;  Ixxiii.  7  ;  Ixxiv.  1,  2 
Ixxv.  1,  9  :  Ixxx.  1,  6  ;  Ixxxi.  1 
3 ;  Ixxxii.  1  ;  Ixxxiii.  ] ,  2 
Ixxxv.  10,  45 ;  Ixxx  vii.  4 
Ixxxix.  2,  4  ;  xci.  7  ;  xcvii.  1,  3 
ci.  3,  6,  9  ;  cii.  5,  13  ;  ciii.  2 
civ.  4 ;  cvi.  2,  5  ;  cvii.  6 
cviii.  1,  2,  3  ;  ex.  7,  8  ;  cxi.  1,  2 
cxii.  1,  2  (bis)]  cxiii.  2,  5,  6 
cxiv.  3. 

lugurthinus,  -a,  -um,  adj.  from 
Jugurtha :  bellum,  J.  xix.  7  ; 
Ixxvii.  2 ;  c.  5 ;  milites,  J. 
xxi.  2  ;   Ivi.  6. 

lulius  Caesar,  C,  C.  xlvii.  4 ; 
xlix.  1,  2,  4;  I.  4,  5;  lii.  1,  13; 
liii.  6  ;  liv.  2,  3,  4  ;  E.  xiii.  1  ; 
Inv.  I.  iv.  7  ;  Inv.  II.  iv.  12  ; 
vii.  19  (6is),  20. 

lulius  Caesar,  J/.,  C.  xvii.  1.  Consul 
in  64  B.C. 

lulius,  C,  C,  xxvii.  1.  One  of  the 
Catilinarian  conspirators. 

lunius,  -a,  -um,  adj.  :  kalendae, 
C.  xvii.  1. 

lunius  Brutus,  D.,  C.  xl.  5  (bis) ; 
B.  iii.  48.  10.  Consul  in  77  B.C.. 
husband  of  Sempronia. 

lunius  Brutus,  M.,  0.  iv.  1. 

lunius  Silanus,  D.,  C.  1.  4  ;  Ii.  IC, 
18.    Consul  elect  for  62  B.C. 

lunius  Silanus,  M.,  J.  xliii.  1. 
Consul  with  Metellus  Numidicus 
in  107  B.C. 

luppiter,  J.  cvii.  2  ;  B.  iii.  48.  15  ; 
Inv.  I.  iv.  7. 

Lacedaemonii,  C.  ii.  2  ;  Ii.  28.  The 
people  of  Lacedaemon  (Sparta). 


528 


INDEX 


Lacetania,  H.  ii.  98.  5.    The  country 

of  the  Lacetani,  just  south  of  the 

Pyrenees. 
Laeca,  see  Porcius. 
Lares,  J.  xc.  2.    A  city  of  Numidia 

between  Sicca  and  Zama. 
Latine,   J.    ci.    6.     Adv.   meaning 

"  in  Latin." 
Latinus,    -a,    -um,    adj.    meaning 

"  Latin  "  :    Utterae,   C.   xxv.   2  ; 

J.  xcv.  3  ;   nomen,  J.  xxxix.  2  ; 

xl.  2  ;   xUi.  1  ;   xUii.  4. 
Latiuni,    J.    Ixix.    4 ;     Ixxxiv.    2  ; 

xcv.  1  ;   77.  i.  55.  12. 
Lentulus,  see  CorneUus. 
Lepidus,  see  Aemilius. 
Leptis,   J.   xix.    1,    3;     Ixxvii.    1. 

The  name  of  two  cities  on  the 

northern  coast  of  Africa,  distin- 
guished   as    Leptis    Magna    and 

Leptis  Minor  ;    see  notes  on  the 

two  passages. 
Leptitani,  J.  Ixxvii.  2;    Ixxix.  1. 

The  inhabitants  of  Leptis. 
Libys,     -yos,     adj.    from    Libya : 

Hercules,  J.  Ixxxix.  4.    As  subst. 

Libyes,    J.    xviii.    1,    9,    10,    12. 

The  inhabitants  of  Libya. 
Lictnius  Crassus,   M.,   C  xvii.   7  ; 

xix.    1  ;    xxxviii.    1  ;    xlvii.    4 ; 

xlviii.  4,  5  (bis),  7,  8,  9  ;    Inv.  I. 

iii.  4.     Tlie  Triumvir,  celebrated 

for  his  wealth, 
Licinius  Crassus,  P.,  Im\  I.  ii.  3  : 

Inr.  II.  V.  14;    vii.  20.    Father 

of  M.  Crassus. 
Licinius  Crassus,  P.,  J.  xxxvii.  2. 
Licinius  LucuUus,  L.,  H.  iii.  48.  11  ; 

iv.   69.   15.     Consul  in   74  B.C., 

celebrated  for  his  victories  over 

Mithridates    and     Tigranes,     as 

well    as    for    his    wealth    and 

luxurious  habits. 
Licinius    Macer,     C,     Speech     of, 

p.  420. 
Licinius    Murena,    C,    C.    xlii.    3. 

Governor    of    Farther    Gaul    in 

63  B.C. 
LiE;us,  J.  xciii.  2,  4,  7,  8  ;   xciv.  2, 

3. 
Ligures,  J.  xxxviii.  6  ;    Ixxvii.  4  ; 

c.    2.      Dwellers    in    Liguria,    a 

district  of  Cisalpine  Gaul  in  the 

neighbourhood  of  modern  Genoa, 
Limetanus,  see  Mamilius. 


SAL. 


Livius  Drusus,  M.,  E.  vi.  3,  4. 

Longinus,  see  Cassius. 

Lucullus,  see  Licinius. 

Lutatii,  II.  i.  55.  3.  A  distinguished 
Roman  family, 

Lutatius  Catulus,  Q.,  C.  xxxiv,  3  ; 
XXXV.  1  ;  xlix.  1,  2  ;  77,  i.  77.  6, 
19,  22  ;  iii.  48.  9.  Consul  with 
Lepidus  in  78  B.C.  Son  of  the 
victor  over  the  Cimbri  in  101. 


Macedones,  77.  iv.  69.  5.    The  people 

of  Macedonia, 
Macedonia,    J.    xxxv.    3 ;     H.    ii. 

47.  7.    A  country  north  of  Greece 

at    the    north-western    end    of 

the  Aegean  Sea  ;  made  a  Eoman 

province  in  148  B.C. 
Macedonicus,     -a,     -um,     adj.     to 

Macedonia :     bellum,    C.    Ii.    5. 

The     war     with    Perses     (171- 

168  B.C.). 
Macer,  see  Licinius. 
Mamilius  Limetanus,  C,  J.  xl.  1, 

Tribune    of    the     commons    in 

110  B.C. 
Mamilius,    -a,    -um,    adj.    to    (C. ) 

Mamilius   (Limetanus) :     lex,    J. 

Ixv.  5  ;   rogatio,  J.  xl.  4. 
Manlianus,    -a,    -um,    adj.    to    (C.) 

Manlius  :   castra,  C.  xxxii.  1. 
Mancinus,  see  Manlius. 
Manlius,  A.,  J.  Ixxxvi.  1  ;    xc.  2  ; 

c.   2 ;    cii.   3,   4,   15.     A  legatus 

of  Marius. 
Manlius,  C,  C.  xxiv,  2  ;  xxvii.  3,4; 

xxviii.    4 ;     xxix.    1 ;     xxx,    1  ; 

xxxii.  3  ;    xxxvi.   1,  2  ;    Ivi,  1  ; 

lix.    3 ;     Ix.    6,     A    colonist   of 

Faesulae  who  aided  Catiline  in 

his  conspiracy, 
Manlius  (Maximus),  Cn„  J.  cxiv.  1. 

Consul  in  105  B.C. 
Manlius  Mancinus,  T.,  J.  Ixxiii.  7, 

Tribune    of    the     com-mons    in 

107  B.C. 
Manhus  Torquatus,  A.  (should  be 

T.),  C.  Iii.  30. 
Manlius  Torquatus,  L.,  C.  xviii.  5. 

Consul  in  65  B.C. 
Marcius    Figulus,    C,    C.    xvii.    1. 

Consul  in  64  B.C. 
Marcius  Philippus,  L.,  Speech  of, 

p.  396.    Consul  in   91  B.C.,  and 


529 


M   M 


INDEX 


princeps  sonatus  in  78,  when  he 

opposed  Lepidus. 
Marcius    Rex,     Q.,     C.     xxx.     3 

xxxii.  3  ;   xxxiv.  1 , 
Marius,  C,  C.  lix.  3  ;    J.  xlvi,  7 

I.  2  ;   Iv.  4,  8  ;  Ivi.  3,  5  ;   Ivii.  1 

Iviii.  5  ;   Ix.  5  ;   Ixiii.  1  ;   Ixiv.  1 

3,  4  ;    Ixv.  3,  4,  5  ;    Ixxiii.  2,  3 

5,  6,    7 ;     Ixxxii.    2,    3    (bis) 
Ixxxiv.  ],  3  (bis),  4;    Ixxxvi.  1 

4,  5 ;    Ixxxvii.   4 ;    Ixxxviii.   2 
Ixxxix.  6  ;    xcii.  1,  6  ;■  xciii.  1 

6,  7  ;  xciv.  3,  4,  6 ;  xcvi.  1,  3 
xcvii.  3  ;  xcviii.  1,  3  ;  xcix.  1 
c.  1,  5  ;  ci.  6  (bis),  10  ;  cii.  2 
13,  14;  ciii.  1,  3,  7  ;  civ.  1 
cv.  1  ;  cxii.  2  ;  xciii.  6  ;  cxiv.  3 
H.  i.  77.  7. 

Masinissa,  J.  v.   4,   5,   7  ;    ix.   2 

xiv.  2,  6,  18;    xxiv.  10;    xxxv. 

1,2;  Ixv.  1,  3  ;  cviii.  1.    King  of 

Numidia.     He   became  the   ally 

of  the  Romans  in  204  and  died  in 

149  B.C. 
MassiUa,  C.  xxxiv.  2.     A  city  in 

the     southern     part     of     Gaul, 

modern  Marseilles. 
Massiva,   J.   xxxv.    1,    4   (bis),    G  ; 

Ixi.    4.      Son    of    Gulussa    and 

grandson  of  Masinissa. 
Massugrada,  J.  cviii.  1.    Probably 

a  son  of  Masinissa. 
Mastanabal,  J.  v.  6,  7  ;   Ixv.  1.    A 

natural  son  of  Masinissa. 
Mauretania,  C.  xxi.  3  ;    J.  xvi.  5  ; 

xix.  4  ;   Ixii.  7.    The  kingdom  of 

Bocchus  in  north-western  Africa, 

modern  Morocco. 
Maurus,    J.    xcvii.    2 ;      cvi.    2  ; 

evil.   1  ;    cviii.   1  ;    cxiu.    1 ,   3  ; 

plur.  Mauri,  J.  xviii.  10  ;   xix.  4, 

7  ;    Ixxx.  6  ;   Ixxxii.  1  ;   xcix.  2  ; 

ci.  4,  8  ;   cvii.  5.    Inhabitants  of 

Mauretania  ;  Moors. 
Maurus,  -a,  -um,  adj.  to  Maurus  : 

equates,  J.  xcvii.  4  ;   cvi.  5. 
Maxumus,  see  Fabius. 
Medi,  J.  xviii.  4,  9,  10.    A  people 

of  Asia  east  of  the  Tigris  River, 
Memmius,  C,  J.  xxvii.  2  ;   xxx.  3, 

4  ;  xxxii.  1,5;  xxxiii.  3.  Tribune 

of  the  commons  in  111  B.C. 
Mesopotamia,    H.    iv.    69.    21.      A 

country    of    Asia    between    the 

Tigris  and  Euphrates  rivers. 


Metellj,  Inv.  II.  ii.  4.  A  distin- 
guished R,oman  family. 

Metellus,  see  Caecilius. 

Micipsa,  J.  v.  6  ;  vi.  2  ;  vii.  2  ; 
vui.  1  ;  ix.  1  ;  xi.  2,  5  ;  xiv.  1,  9  ; 
xvi.  2  ;  xxii.  2  ;  xxiv.  3  ;  Ixv.  1  ; 
ex.  8.  Son  and  successor  of 
Masinissa,  king  of  Numidia. 

Minerva,  Inv.  I.  iv.  7. 

Minucius  Rufus,  Q.  (probably  for 
M.),  ,/.  xxxv.  2,  4.  Consul  in 
110  B.C.  with  Spurius  Albinus. 

Mithridates,  H.  i.  77.  8  ;  ii.  47.  7  ; 
iii.  48.  18  ;  iv.  69.  1.  Mithridates 
VI,  king  of  Pontus,  surnamed  the 
Great.  Letter  of,  p.  433. 

Mithridaticus,  -a,  -um,  adj.  to 
Mithridates  :  belhim,  C.  xxxix.  1. 

Muluccha,  J.  xix.  7 ;  xcii.  5  ; 
ex.  8.  A  river  which  formed  the 
boundary  between  Numidia  and 
Mauretania. 

Mulvis  pons,  C.  xiv.  1.  The  Mulvian 
bridge,  which  carried  the  via 
Flaminia  across  the  Tiber,  north 
of  Rome.  The  modern  Ponte 
Molle. 

Murena,  see  Licinius. 

Muthul,  J.  xlviii.  3.  A  river  of 
Numidia,  the  modern  Melleque. 
It  flows  into  the  Bagradas 
(modern  Medjerda). 


Nabdalsa,  J.  Ixx.  2,  4  ;   Ixxi.  1,  5. 

A  Numidian. 
Nasica,  see  Cornelius. 
Nero,  see  Claudius. 
Nicomedes,   E.   iv.   69.   9,   10,   11. 

Nicomedes  III,  king  of  Bithynia. 

In    74   B.C.    he    bequeathed    his 

kingdom  to  the  Romans. 
Nigidianus,  -a,  -um,  adj.  from  (P.) 

Kigidius     (Figulus) :      Inv.     II. 

V.  14  ;    see  note. 
Nobilior,  see  Fulvius. 
Nomades,  J.  xviii.  7.     The  Greek 

name    for    the    inhabitants    of 

Northern    Africa,     from    whicli 

Numidae     is    supposed    to     be 

derived. 
November,   -bris,   -bre,   adj.  :    ka- 

lendae,  C.  xxx.  1. 
Nucermus,     -a,     -um,     adj.     from 

Nuceria,  a  city  of  Campania  not 


53^ 


INDEX 


far  from  Naples ;  as  subst. 
Nucerinus  a  native  of  Nuceria, 
C.  xxi.  3. 

Numantia,  J.  viii.  2  ;  x.  2  ;  xv.  1  ; 
XX.  1  ;  ci.  6.  A  city  of  Northern 
Spain,  destroyed  by  the  younger 
Scipio  in  133  B.C. 

Numantini,  J.  vii.  4.  The  inhabi- 
tants of  Numantia. 

Numantinus,    -a,    -um,    adj.    from 
Numantia :     helium,    J.    vii.    2 
ix.  2. 

Nuraidae,  J.  v.  1,  4  ;  vi.  3  ;  vii.  2 
xi.  3  ;  xii.  5  ;  xiii.  1  ;  xv.  1 
xviii.  8,  11,  12  ;  xix.  4,  7  ;  xx.  5 
xxi.  2 ;  xxiv.  1,  7  ;  xxv.  5 
xxvi.  3  ;  xxviii.  3  ;  xxxviii.  4 
xlvi.  3 ;  xlvii.  1  ;  xlix.  5 
1.  1,  4,  6  ;  li.  3  ;  lii.  4  ;  liii.  3,  6 
liv.  10  ;  Ivi.  5  ;  Ivii.  3  ;  Iviii.  3 
lix.  3 ;  Ix.  5 ;  Ixi.  5 ;  Ixii.  1 
{bis) ;  Ixvi.  2  ;  Ixvii.  3  ;  Ixviii 
2  ;  Ixix.  1  ;  Ixxiv.  2,  3  ;  Ixxv 
4,  7,  8  ;  Ixxviii.  4  ;  Ixxx.  6 
Ixxxix.  7 ;  xc.  1 ;  xci.  4,  6 
xcii.  2,  3  ;  xciii.  4  ;  xciv.  3,  4 
sing.  Numida,  J.  xii.  4  ;  xxxv 
1,  4  ;  liv.  4  ;  Ixv.  1,  2  ;  Ixxi.  3 
ci.  6  ;  cvi.  3  ;  cviii.  1,  3  ;  cxi.  4 
cxiii.  4,  6. 

Numidia,  J.  viii.  1 ;  xiii.  2,  5 
xiv.  1,  25 ;  xvi.  5 ;  xviii.  11 
xix.  5 ;  XX.  7 ;  xxiv.  10 
xxvii.  3,  4  ;  xxviii.  7  ;  xxix.  7 
xxxii.  1  ;  xxxiii,  4  ;  xxxv.  1,  2 
4  {bis),  9  ;  xxxviii.  9  ;  xxxix.  4 
xliii.  ],  5  {bis) ;  xlvi.  5  ;  xlviii.  3 
liv.  6  ;  Ixi.  2  ;  Ixii.  10  ;  Ixv.  3 
Ixxviii.  5  ;  Ixxxii.  2  ;  Ixxxiv.  1 
Ixxxv.  45  ;  xcvii.  1,  2  ;  cii.  13 
cxi.  1 ;   cxiv.  3. 

Numidicus,  -a,  -um,  adj.  from 
Numidia  :  scutd,  J.  xciv.  1. 

Nysa,  H.  iv.  69.  9.  Wife  of 
Nicomedes  III,  of  Bithynia. 

Oceanus,    J.    xvii.    4 ;     xviii.    5  ; 

H.    iv.    69.    17.      The    Atlantic 

Ocean. 
Octavius    Ruso,    Cn.,    J.    civ.    3. 

Quaestor  of  Marius. 
Opimius,  L.,  J.  xvi.  2.     Consul  in 

121    B.C.      He    put    down    the 

rebellion  of  C.  Gracchus. 
Orestilla,  see  Aurelia. 


Paelignus,  -a,  -um,  adj.  to  Paeligni, 
a  people  of  Central  Italy  : 
cohors,  J.  cv, 

Papirius  Carbo,  Cn.,  0.  iv.  1, 
Consul  in  82  B.C. 

Parium,  H.  iv.  69.  14.  A  city  on 
the  Hellespont,  near  which 
Mithridates  suffered  shipwreck  in 
73  B.C. 

Pauli,  Inv.  I.  iv.  7.  A  famous 
Roman  family. 

Paulus,  see  Aemilius. 

Persae,  J.  xviii.  4,  5,  11.  The 
Persians. 

Perses,  C.  li.  5 ;  J.  Ixxxi.  1  ; 
H.  iv.  69.  7.  King  of  Macedonia, 
son  and  successor  of  Philip  III, 
defeated  by  the  Romans  in 
168  B.C. 

Persis,  H.  iv.  69.  19.  The  country 
of  the  Persians. 

Petreius,  M.,  C.  lix.  4;  Ix.  1,  5. 
Legatus  of  C.  Antonius  in  the 
battle  with  Catiline's  forces  at 
Pistoria. 

Philaeni,  J.  Ixxix.  5,  9,  10.  Two 
Carthaginian  brothers  ;  Philaenon 
arae,  J.  xix.  3. 

Philippus,  see  Marcius. 

Philippus,  H.  i.  55.  4 ;  iv,  69. 
5,  6,  7.  Philip  III,  king  of 
Macedon,  who  waged  war  with 
the   Romans   from  200    to    197 

B.C. 

Phoenices,  J.  xix,  1.  The  Phoe- 
nicians, inhabitants  of  Phoenicia 
at  the  eastern  end  of  the 
Mediterranean. 

Picens,  H.  i.  55.  17.  An  inhabitant 
of  Picenum  ;    see  Picenus. 

Picenus,  -a,  -um,  adj.  :  ager,  C , 
xxvii.  1  ;  XXX.  5 ;  xiii.  1  ; 
Ivii.  2.  A  district  in  north- 
eastern Italy  on  the  Adriatic 
Sea. 

Piso,  see  Calpurnius  and  Pupius. 

Pistoriensis,  -e,  adj.  from  Pistoria, 
a  city  of  Etruria,  modern 
Pistoia  :   ager,  C.  Ivii,  1. 

Plautius,  -a,  -um,  adj.  from  (M.) 
Plautius  (Silvanus),  tribune  of 
the  commons  :  lex,  C.  xxxi.  4 
(see  note) ;   Inv.  I.  ii.  3, 

Poeni,  J.  Ixxix,  8,  The  Phoe- 
nicians and  (usually)  the  Cartha- 


531 


INDEX 


ginians,    as   descendants   of   the 
Phoenicians. 

Pompeianiis,  -a,  -um,  adj.  from 
Pompeii :   villa,  Inv.  I.  ri.  3. 

Pompeiiis,  Cn.,  C.  xvi.  4  ;   xvii.  7 
xix.  1,  2,  5  ;  xxxviii.  1  ;  xxxix.  1 
E.  iii.  48.  21,  23  ;  O.  ii.  7  ;    iv.  1  . 
E.  iii.   1.     Letter  to  the  Senate, 
p.  414. 

Pompeius  Rufus,  Q.,  C.  xxx.  5. 
Praetor  in  63  B.C. 

Pomptinus,  C,  C.  xlv.  1,  4.  Praetor 
in  63  B.C. 

Porciiis,  -a,  -um,  adj.  to  (M.) 
Porcius  (Laeca),  tribune  of  the 
commons :  lex,  C.  U.  22  {see 
note),  40  ;   Inv.  I.  iii.  5. 

Porcius  Cato  Uticensis,  M.,  C.  Iii.  1  ; 
hii.  1  (bis),  6  ;  liv.  2,  3,  5  ;  Iv.  1  ; 
E.  iv.  2  ;  ix.  3.  Great-grandson 
of  Cato  the  Censor  ;  he  committed 
suicide  at  Utica  after  Caesar's 
victory  at  Thapsus. 

Porcius  Laeca,  M.,  C.  xvii.  3  ; 
xxvii.  3.  A  senator,  a  friend  of 
Catiline. 

Postumius,  L.,  E.  ix.  4. 

Postumius  Albinus,  A.,  J.  xxxvi.  4  ; 
xxxvii.  3 ;  xxxviii.  2,  4,  9 ; 
xxxix.  1 ;  xliv.  4.  He  had 
command  against  Jugurtha  dur- 
ing the  winter  of  110-109  B.C.,  in 
place  of  his  brother  Sp.  Albinus. 

Postumius  Albinus,  Sp.,  J.  xxxv,  2, 
6 ;  xxxvi.  1,  3,  4 ;  xxxix.  2  ; 
xliv.  1,  4 ;  Iv.  1  ;  Ixxvii.  3  ; 
Ixxxv.  16.    Consid  in  110  B.C. 

Ptolemaeus  Alexander,  E.  iv. 
69,  10,  12.    Ptolemy  IX. 

Ptolemaeus  Soter  II,  E.  iv.  69.  10. 
Ptolemy  VIII,  also  called  Philo- 
metor  and  Lathyrus. 

Punicus,  -a,  -um,  adj.  to  Poeni  : 
bellum,  J.  xlii.  1  ;  bellum  se- 
cundum, J.  V.  4  ;  bella,  C.  li.  6  ; 
fides,  J.  cviii.  3  ;  libri,  J.  xvii.  7  : 
oppida,  J.  xix.  7  ;  iirbes,  J.  xix.  3. 

Pupiu3  Piso,  Calpurnianus,  M., 
Inv.  I.  i.  2. 

Pyrenaeus,  E.  ii.  98.  5.  The 
Pyrenees,  also  called  Pyrenaeus 
saltus. 

Pyrrhus,  E.  i.  55.  4.  King  of 
Epirus  ;  he  waged  war  with  the 
Romans  from  281  to  274  B.C. 


Quintius,  L.,  H.  iii.  48. 11.  Tribune 
of  the  commons  in  74  B.C.  ;  he 
made  a  vain  attempt  to  restore 
the  powers  of  the  tribunes. 

Quirites,  J.  xxxi.  1,  5,  11,  27  ; 
Ixxxv.  1,  3,  5,  8,  12,  13,  24, 
39,  45,  50;  E.  i.  55.  1,  7,  10, 
27  ;  ii.  47.  1,  4,  6,  13  ;  iii.  48.  1, 
8,  15,  16,  24.  A  name  applied 
to  the  Romans  as  citizens. 


Regium,  J.  xxviii.  6.  A  city  at 
the  south-western  extremity  of 
Italy,  the  modern  Reggio  di 
Calabria. 

Rex,  see  Marcius. 

Rhodii,  C.  \i.  5  ibis) ;  E.  vii.  12. 
The  people  of  Rhodes,  an  island 
south-west  of  Asia  Minor. 

Roma,  C.  vi.  1 ;  xviii.  8  ;  xxvii.  2 
xxx.  7 ;  xxxi.  7 ;  xxxii.  3 
xxxiv.  1  ;  xxxvi.  2  ;  xxxvii.  5 
xxxix.  6 ;  xl.  5 ;  xliii.  1 
xlvii.  2  ;  Iii.  14  ;  liii.  5  ;  Ivi.  1,  4 
Ivii.  1 ;  Iviii.  13 ;  J.  viii.  1 
xiii.  3,  4,  6,  7  ;  xvi.  3  ;  xx.  1 
xxi.  3 ;  xxii.  1,  4 ;  xxiii.  2 
XXV.  6  ;  xxvii.  1 ;  xxviii.  1,  2 
xxix.  3,  7  ;  xxx.  1,  4  ;  xxxii,  1,  2 
xxxiii.  1,  4 ;  xxxv.  1,  7,  10 
xxxvi.  4  ;  xxxvii.  1  ;  xxxix.  1 
xl.  1  ;  xli.  1 ;  xlvi.  1  ;  Iv.  1 
Ixi.  4  ;  Ixii.  10  ;  Ixv.  4  ;  Ixxiii.  3 
Ixxvii.  2 ;  Ixxx.  4 ;  Ixxxii.  2 
Ixxxviii.  1  ;  xcv.  1 ;  cii.  13 
ciii.  3  ;  civ.  2,  3,  4  ;  cxiv.  3 
0.  ii.  6  ;   Inv.  I.  iii.  5  :   II.  ii.  7 

Romani,  C.  vi.  5 ;  liii.  3 ;  J 
vii.  4  ;  X.  2  ;  xUx.  2,  3  ;  1.  4,  5 
Iii.  3  ;  liii.  1.  5  ;  liv.  6,  9  ;  Ivi.  4 
Ivii.  4  ;  Ixi.  5  ;  Ixvi.  1  ;  Ixx.  4 
Ixxiv.  1,3;  Ixxvi.  5  ;  Ixxx.  3 
Ixxxi.  1  (ftw) ;  Ixxxvii.  4 
xciv.  4  (bis),  5,  6  ;  xcvii.  2,  3,  5 
xcviii.  7  ;  ci.  5,  7  ;  ciii.  4,  5 
cviii.  2,  3 ;  cxi.  2 ;  cxiv.  2 
E.  iv.  69.  2,  5,  15,  17,  20  ;  sing 
Romanus,  J.  cviii.  3. 

Romanus,  -a,  -um,  adj.  to  Roma 
dux,  J.  Ixxxi.  3  ;  E.  iv.  69.  13 
equites,  C.  xlix.  4 ;  J.  xlii.  1 
Ixv.  2  (bis),  4 ;  exercilns,  E 
i.  55.  19  ;  imperator,  imperatores 
J.  hi,   1 ;    cxii.   2 ;    imperium 


532 


INDEX 


C.  X.  1 ;    milites,  J.  xxxviii.  5 
Ixvii.     1  r      mos,     C.     xxLx.     3 
nomen,    C.    lii.     24;      J.   v.    4 
Iviii.     3 ;      Ixxx.    1 ;     plebs,    C 
xxxi.   7  ;    xxxiii.   2 ;    O.  iv.   1 
E.    ii.    4 ;     iii.    2 ;    populus,    C 
vii.  7  ;   viii.  5  ;   xi.  6  ;   xxxiv.  1 
xxxvi.  4  ;   li.  5  ;   lii.  10  ;   liii.  2 
Ixi.  7  ;  J.  V.  1,  4  ;  vii.  2  ;  viii.  2 
ix.  2  ;    xiii.  5  ;    xiv.  1,  2,  3,  5 
7,  8,  18,  25  ;   xix.  7  (6is),  xx.  5 
xxii.    4 ;     xxiv.    3 ;     xxvi.    1 
xxvii.   2 ;    xxxi.   20 ;    xxxii,   5 
xxxiii.  4  (6is)  ;   xlvi.  2  ;   Ixiv.  2 
Ixv,  2  ;    Ixxxiii.  1  ;    Ixxxviii.  5 
cii.  2,  6,  8,  11 ;   civ.  5  ;   cviii.  2 
ex.  6  ;    cxi.  1 ;    H.  i.  55,  11,  24 
77,    6 ;     ii.    98,    2 ;     E.    iw.    3 
xil,  5  ;    /wv.  I.  i.  1,  I/,  iii.  lO 
(bis) ;     popuhcs    et    senatus,    J. 
xli.     2 ;      senatus     et     popuhis, 
J.  civ.  5  ;   cxi.  1 ;   senatus  popu- 
lusque,  J.  ^xi.  4  ;   Mr6s,  0,  v.  2  ; 
vi.  2. 

Eomuliis,  ff .  i.  55.  5 ;  Znw,  / . 
iv.  7.  Tlie  mythical  founder  of 
Rome ;  Romulus  Arpinas, 
applied  ironically  to  Cicero. 

Eufus,  see  Minucius  and  Pompeius . 

Ruso,  see  Octavius. 

Rutilius  Rufus,  P.,  J.  1.  1  ;  lii.  5, 
6  {his) ;  Ixxxvi.  5.  Consul  in 
105  B.C.,  and  legatus  of  Metellus 
in  Numidia.  He  wrote  historical 
works  and  an  autobiography. 


Saenius,  L.,  C.  xxx.  1.    A  Roman 

senator. 
Sallustius    Crispus,    C,    Inv.    II . 

i.  1,  2  ;    ii.  4  (bis),  6  ;    iii.  10  ; 

v.  13  ;    vi.  15,  17,  18 ;    viii.  21 , 

22. 
Samothraces    dei,    H.    iv.    69.    7 . 

The  Cabiri,  who  had  a  temple 

on  the  island  of  Samothrace. 
Sanga,  see  Fabius. 
Saturninus,  see  Appuleius, 
Scaurus,  see  Aemilius. 
Scipio,  see  Cornelius. 
Scipiones,  Inv.  I.  iv.  7  ;  II.  ii.  4. 
Scirtus,  H.  i.  55,  21.    A  follower  of 

Sulla. 
Scribonius  Curio,  C,  E.  iii.  48,  10, 


49,  50.     Consul  in  76  B.C.  and 
governor  of  Macedonia  in  75. 

Seleucea,  H.  iv,  69,  19.  A  city  on 
the  Tigris  river. 

Sempronia,  C.  xxv.  1  ;  xl.  5.  Wife  of 
D.  lunius  Brutus. 

Sempronius,  -a,  -um,  adj.  to  (C.) 
Sempronius  (Gracchus) :  lex,  J. 
xxvii.  3  (see  note).  A  law  pro- 
viding for  the  assignment  o( 
their  provinces  to  the  future 
consuls  before  their  election. 

Sempronius  Gracchus,  C,  J.  xvi.  2  ; 
xxxi.  7  ;  xlii.  1  (bis)  ;  E.  viii.  1. 
Tribune  in  123  and  122  B.C.  ; 
brother  of  Ti.  Gracchus. 

Sempronius  Gracchus,  Ti.,  J. 
xxxi.  7  ;  xlii.  1  (bis).  Tribune  oi 
the  commons  in  133  B.C.  ; 
brother  of  C.  Gracchus. 

Septimius,  C.  xxvii.  1.  A  native 
of  Camerinum  and  a  member  of 
Catiline's  conspiracy. 

Sergius  Catilina,  L.,  C.  iv.  3 
V.  1  ;  xiv.  1,  3,  7 ;  xv.  1 
xvi.  4  (bis) ;  xvii.  6  ;  xviii.  1,  3 
5,  8  ;  XX.  1  ;  xxi.  2  ;  xxii.  1 
xxiii.  4 ;  xxiv.  2,  4 ;  xxvi.  1 
3,  5  ;  xxxi.  4,  7  ;  xxxiv.  2, 
XXXV.  1  ;  xxxvi.  2,  3,  5  ;  xxxvii 
1  ;  xxxix.  4,  5,  6 ;  xlii.  2 
xliii.  1,  2  ;  xliv.  3,  4  ;  xlviii.  1 
3,  4  ;  li.  43  ;  lii.  17,  35  ;  Ivi.  1, 4 
Ivu.  1,  2,  5  ;  Ix.  4,  5,  7  ;  Ixi.  1,  4 

Sertorius,  Q.,  E.  ii.  47.  6,  98.  5,  9 
iii.  48.  18.    A  follower  of  Marius 
and  propraetor  in  Spain,  where 
he   carried   on   war   for   several 
years. 

Servilius  Caepio,  Q.,  J.  cxiv.^  1. 
Consul  in  106  B.C.,  defeated  by 
the  Cimbri  at  Arausio  in  105. 

Sestertius,  adj.  "two  and  a  half"; 
sc.  nummus,  a  Roman  coin  of  the 
value  of  two  and  one-half  asses, 
about  2^d.  or  5  cents ;  sestertium, 
"  a  thousand  sesterces."  C.  xxx. 
7.  Sestertio  duodeciens,  1,200,000 
sesterces  (about  £13,000  or 
$60,000)  Inv.  II.  vii.  19. 

Sestius,  P.,  Inv.  I.  iv.  7  ;  II.  iv.  12. 
As  tribune  of  the  commons  he 
worked  hard  to  bring  about 
Cicero's  recall  from  exile.  He 
was   accused   by   Clodius  de   vi, 


533 


INDEX 


but  was  defended  by  Cicero  and 
acquitted.  Later  he  sided  with 
Caesar  against  Cicero. 

Sextius,  J.  xxix.  4.  A  quaestor 
during  the  war  with  Jugurtha. 

Sibyllini  libri,  C.  xlvii,  2.  A  collec- 
tion of  prophetic  utterances  in 
Greek,  preserved  in  the  temple 
of  Jupiter  on  the  Capitoline  Hill. 
Tradition  said  that  they  were 
sold  to  King  Tarquinius  Priscus, 
or  to  Tarquinius  Superbus,  by  a 
sibyl.     See  also  Suet,  Aug.  xxxi. 

Sicca,  J.  Ivi.  3.  A  city  in  the 
interior  of  Numidia. 

Siccenses,  J.  Ivi.  4,  5.  The  people 
of  Sicca. 

Sicilia,  J.  xxviii.  6  {bis). 

Sicinius,  L.,  H.  iii.  48.  8.  Tribune 
in  76  B.C.  He  tried  to  restore 
the  powers  of  the  tribunes,  which 
Sulla  had  curtailed. 

Sidonicus,  -a,  -um,  adj.  to  Sidon, 
the  Phoenician  city  :  pleraque,  J . 
Ixxviii.  4. 

Sidonii,  J.  Ixxviii.  1.  The  people 
of  Sidon. 

Silanus,  see  lulius  and  Turpilius. 

Sisenna,  see  Cornelius. 

Sittius,  P.,  C.  xxi.  3.  A  native  of 
Nuceria  in  Campania,  who  in 
63  B.C.  commanded  an  army  of 
mercenaries  in  Mauretania. 

Spinther,  see  Cornelius  Lentulus. 

Statilius,  L.,  C.  xvii.  3  ;  xliii.  2  ; 
xliv.  1  ;  xlvi.  4 ;  xlvii.  4  ; 
Iii.  34  ;  Iv.  6.  A  Uoman  knight  ; 
a  member  of  Catiline's  con- 
spiracy. 

Sucro,  H.  ii.  98.  6.  A  town  on  the 
eastern  coast  of  Spain. 

Sulla,  see  Cornelius. 

Sullanus,  -a,  -um.  adj.  from  Sulla  : 
coloniae,  C.  xxviii.  4  ;  milites,  C. 
xvi.  4 ;  victoria,  C.  xxi.  4 ; 
xxxvii.  6  ;  0.  iv.  1. 

Sulpicius  Rufus,  P.,  H.  i.  77.  7. 
Tribune  of  the  commons  in 
88  B.C.  ;  he  caused  the  command 
of  the  war  with  Mithridates  to  be 
transferred  from  Sulla  to  Marius. 

Sura,  see  Cornelius  Lentulus. 

Suthul,  J.  xxxvii.  3;  xxxviii.  2. 
A  city  of  Numidia. 

Syphax,  J.  v.  4  ;   xiv.  8.    King  of 


western      Numidia.        He      w. 
defeated    by    the     '?.0'v.?.r><i 
203  B.C.  and  his  kingdom  givt 
to  Masinissa. 
Syrtes,   J.   xix.    3  ;     Ixxviii.    1,    3. 
Two  large  shallow  bays  on  the 
northern  coast  of  Africa  (see  J. 
Ixxviii.). 


Tanais,    J.    xc.    3.      A    river    of 

Numidia, 
Tarquinius,  L.,  C.  xlviii.  3,  5,  6,  8. 

One  of  Catiline's  associates. 
Tarracinensis,  -e,  adj.  from  Tarra- 

cina,  a  town  in  the  southern  part 

of  Latium,   near  the   Pomptine 

Marshes  :    C.  xlvi.  3. 
Tarrula,  H.  i.  55.  21.    A  follower  of 

Sulla. 
Taurus,  H.  iv.  69.  6.     A  range  of 

mountains  in  the  south-eastern 

part  of  Asia  Minor. 
Terentia,   Inv.   I.   ii.   3.     Wife   of 

Cicero. 
Terentius,    Cn.,    C.    xlvii.    4.      A 

Roman  senator. 
Thala,  J.  Ixxv.  1,  2,  6,  9  ;  Ixxvii.  1  ; 

Ixxx.  1  ;   Ixxxix.  6  (bis).    A  city 

of  Numidia. 
Theraei,  J.  xix.  3. 
Thirmida,   J.  xii.   3.     A   town   of 

Numidia. 
Thraces,  J.  xxXViii.  6.    The  people 

of  Thrace. 
Tiburs,    Inv.    II.    vii.    19.      The 

territory    about    Tibur,    a    hill 

town  on  the  Anio,  north-east  of 

Rome  ;   modern  Tivoli. 
Tigranes,  H.  iv.  69.  3,  13,  15,  16. 

King    of    Armenia    and    son-in- 
law  of  Mithridates. 
Tisidium,   J.   Ixii,   8.     A  town  of 

Numidia. 
Torquatus,  see  Manlius. 
Transpadanus,      -a,      -um,      adj. : 

quidam,  C.  xlix.  2.     A  man  of 

Transpadine  Gaul. 
Troiani,  C.  vi.  1. 
Tullianum,    C.   Iv.    3.     The   lower 

room  of  the  career,  or  dungeon,  on 

the  southern  slope  of  the  Capi- 
toline Hill.     See  note. 
Tullius    Cicero,    M.,    C.    xxii.    3  ; 

xxiii.    5 ;     xxiv.    1 ;     xxvii.    4 ; 


\ 


534 


INDEX 


f.^xxviii,  1,  2  ;  xxix.  1  ;  xxxi.  6,  7 

'  ,xxxvi.   3;    xli.   5;    xliii.   1,   2 

-'xliv.  1 ;  xlviii.  1,  6,  8,  9  ;  xlix,  1 
)i.    35 ;    Inv.    I.    i.    1    (bis),    2 
ii.  3  ;    iii.  5,  6.     The  celebrated 
orator. 

Tullus,  see  Volcatius. 

Turia,  H.  ii.  98.  6.  A  river  of 
Hither  Spain. 

Turpilius  Silanus,  T.,  J.  Ixvi.  3 
(bis) ;  Ixvii.  3 ;  Ixix.  4.  A 
Latin,  commander  of  the  garrison 
of  Vaga. 

Tusci,  C.  Ii.  38.  The  Tuscans, 
inhabitants  of  Etruria. 

Tusculamis,  -a,  -um,  adj.  from 
Tusculum,  a  town  of  Latium 
south-east  of  Rome  :  sc.  praedium, 
Inv.  I.  ii.  4  ;   villa,  Inv.  I.  ii.  3 . 

Umbrenus,  P.,  C.  xl.  1,  2,  4  ;   1.  4. 

Utica,  J.  XXV.  5  ;  Ixiii.  1  ;  Ixiv.  5  ; 
Ixxxvi.  4  ;  civ.  1.  A  city  on  the 
northern  coast  of  Africa  near 
Carthage. 

Vaga,  J.  xxix.  4  ;  xlvii.  1  ;  Ixviii.  1 

3.     A  city  of  Numidia. 
Vagenses,  J.  Ixvi.  2  ;    Ixix.   1,   3. 

Inhabitants  of  Vaga. 
Valentia,  E.  ii,  98.  6.     A  city  on 

the  eastern  coast  of  Spain. 


Valerius   Flaccus,    L.,    C.    xlv.    1 
xlvi.    6.      Praetor    in    63    B.C., 
afterwards  defended  by  Cicero. 

Vargunteiiis,     L.,      C.     xvii.     3 
xxviii.   1  ;    xlvii.   1.     A  senator 
and  an  associate  of  Catiline. 

Vatinius,  P.,  Inv.  I.  iv.  7  ;  //.  iv.  12. 
A  man  bitterly  assailed  by 
Cicero  in  his  pro  Sestio,  but 
defended  in  the  pro  Vatinio. 

Vesta,  C.  XV.  1. 

Vettius,  B.  i.  55.  17.  A  favoiirite 
of  Sulla's  from  Picenum. 

Volcatius  Tullus,  L.,  C.  xviii.  2. 
Consul  in  66  B.C. 

Volturcius,  T.,  C.  xliv.  3,  4  ; 
xlv.  3,  4 ;  xlvi.  6 ;  xlvii.  1  ; 
xlviii.  4  ;  xlix.  4  ;  1.  1 ;  Iii.  36. 
A  native  of  Crotona  in  southern 
Italy,  one  of  the  Catilinarian 
conspirators. 

Volux,  J.  ci.  5  ;  cv.  3  ;  cvi.  1,6; 
cvii.  2.  Son  of  Bocchus,  king  of 
Mauretania. 


Zama,  J.  Ivi.  1  ;  Ivii.  1  ;  Iviii.  1  ; 
Ix.  1  ;  Ixi.  1.  Zam.a  Regia,  the 
residence  of  the  Numidian  kings, 
modern  Seba  Biar  ;  famous  as 
the  scene  of  the  defeat  of 
Hannibal  by  Scipio  in  202  B.C. 


535 


1251^^ 


FEINTED   IN   GREAT   BRITAIN   BZ 

IllCHARD   ClAT   and    SONS,    LIMITED, 

BRUNSWICK   STREET,    STAMFORD   STREET,    H  E.    I, 

AND  BUNGAY,  SUFFOLK. 


Sallust  -  Works  (Rolfe  tr, ) 


PONTIFICAL    institute: 
©F    MEDIAEVAL   STUDIES 

59     QUEEN'S     PARK 

ToROMTo  5,   Canada 


1169^ 


