PI 
$ Σ platens bee τι iy 
“ΜῊ i TOPOS HHET SEGA T braze a 


ἐπ δ Ἢ sto: 
= wtih = at 
- Sees “- 
φῶ “Ἄς tay, PO 
Zh ἐς easy yma - 
Σ- 
for 
sre 
ie 


ao Sa gt 


LIBRARY 
38 | 
Sr 

ISIC 


OF ILLINOIS 


THE UNIVERSITY 


a ; 
eg ¥ 
it q : 
slain 5: esate 


The person charging this material is re- 
sponsible for its return to the library from 
which it was withdrawn on or before the 
Latest Date stamped below. 


Theft, mutilation, and underlining of books are reasons 
for disciplinary action and may result in dismissal from 
the University. 

To renew call Telephone Center, 333-8400 


UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS LIBRARY AT URBANA-CHAMPAIGN 


L161—O-1096 ἱ 
ἋΣ va ἐν τὰν δι δι 


THE LOEB CLASSICAL LIBRARY 


EDITED BY 


E. CAPPS, pup. mp. Τ΄ E. PAGE, uirr.p. 
W. H. D. ROUSE, tirvt.p. 


THE GEOGRAPHY OF STRABO 
II 


Ω δ. ἃ {1 ; — 
ΕἾ = ‘7 2 — as i. 
@ a ae ᾿ a 


nett irl <i. ΡῈ 
Tiss are ἢ Rte ΡΞ 
“αρ»κοέν τ γὼ τον ee « 
τὴ Mas 23° SP re 


ss - , 


Ὗ 


τ - πὸ 
Ὁ re a; 
γ ᾿- ἕῳ ἢ ia 
τῶν Sichacga υρϑ, πράβλνρυν pai eres γον 


— ae aie a 
; Spree hs evs Wee si , 


- 
sa 
és 


ον. 
vir 


νὼ το | 


os 
~ ὦ 


Map II. 


Jones’ Strabo 


OUR SEA AND THE SURROUNDING COUNTRIES ACCORDING TO STRABO 


PONTUS 


EUXINUS 


m 


yptiu 


Es 


THE GEOGRAPHY 
OF STRABO 


. WITH AN ENGLISH TRANSLATION BY 
HORACE LEONARD JONES, Pu.D., LL.D. 


CORNELL UNIVERSITY 


IN EIGHT VOLUMES 
II 


LONDON : WILLIAM HEINEMANN 
NEW YORK : G. P. PUTNAM’S SONS 
MCMXXIII 


eee 8 OD se ey “ , 
3 ἡ 2 


Me Sy Ole ee ei ΜΝ 
Printed in Great Brita 


CONTENTS 


PAGE 
OUR SEA AND SURROUNDING COUNTRIES (MAP II) 
Frontispiece 
ΒΟΟΣ ΠΥ ΣΎ rig Fath. Seat Sere lee 


CMe Wee MEPs Nee oe en al lel Sue pe ene πον. 105 
CCR VER UNE ceed τ ρον τ gs hens τ δ χδευ δ OO 
A PARTIAL DICTIONARY OF PROPER NAMES. .. . . 473 
MAP ON CIERRIAD(MAP 11 ᾿ς οἷς ΠΣ «. οὐ end 


MAPS ΘΕ ΙΘΑΜΑΡ ΤΥ) τς 9.5 4S end 


THE 
GEOGRAPHY OF STRABO 


BOOK ΠῚ 


VOL, II. B 


C 137 


¥ 


STPABONOS ΓΕΩΓΡΑΦΙΚΩΝ 
Re 
I 


> Ὁ ἢ a A 
1. ᾿Αποδεδωκόσι δ᾽ ἡμῖν τὸν πρῶτον τύπον τῆς 
᾿ / 3 alt ς a an 
γεωγραφίας οἰκεῖός ἐστιν ὁ ἐφεξῆς λόγος περὶ TOV 
γ Ψ x \ (¢ / , x 
καθ ἕκαστα: καὶ γὰρ ὑπεσχόμεθα οὕτως, καὶ 
a a ’ lal / , 
δοκεῖ μέχρι νῦν ὀρθῶς ἡ πραγματεία μεμερίσθαι. 
ἀρκτέον δὲ πάλιν ἀπὸ τῆς Evpwmns καὶ τῶν 
μερῶν αὐτῆς τούτων ἀφ᾽ ὧνπερ καὶ πρότερον, 
κατὰ τὰς αὐτὰς αἰτίας. 
2, IIp@rov δὲ μέρος αὐτῆς ἐστι τὸ ἑσπέριον, 
ς 7 es, 7 / \ \ \ 7 
ὡς ἔφαμεν, ἡ ᾿Ιβηρία. ταύτης δὴ τὸ μὲν πλέον 
οἰκεῖται φαύλως" ὄρη γὰρ καὶ δρυμοὺς καὶ πεδία 
λεπτὴν ἔχοντα γῆν, οὐδὲ ταύτην ὁμαλῶς εὔυδρον, 
>] a \ i € \ ΙΑ ie , 
οἰκοῦσι THY πολλήν’ ἡ δὲ πρόσβορρος ψυχρά TE 
ἐστι τελέως πρὸς τῇ τραχύτητι καὶ παρωκεανῖτις, 
προσειληφυῖα τὸ ἄμικτον κἀνεπίπλεκτον τοῖς 
a Ψ a 
ἄλλοις, ὥσθ᾽ ὑπερβάλλει τῇ μοχθηρίᾳ τῆς οἰκή- 
σεως. ταῦτα μὲν δὴ τὰ μέρη τοιαῦτα, ἡ δὲ νότιος 
a 3 Ὡ / \ Ld 7 
πᾶσα εὐδαίμων σχεδὸν τι, Kal διαφερόντως rf ἔξω 


1 See 2. 5. 4. 2 See 2. 5. 26. 


THE GEOGRAPHY OF STRABO 


BOOK IiIl 


I 


1. Now that I have given the first general outline 
of geography, it is proper for me to discuss next the 
several parts of the inhabited world ; indeed, I have 
promised to do so,! and I think that thus far my 
treatise has been correctly apportioned. But I 
must begin again with Europe and with those parts 
of Europe with which I began at first,? and for the 
same reasons. 

2. As I was saying, the first part of Europe is the 
western, namely, Iberia. Now of Iberia the larger 
part affords but poor means of livelihood; for most 
of the inhabited country consists of mountains, 
forests, and plains whose soil is thin—and even that 
not uniformly well-watered. And Northern Iberia, 
in addition to its ruggedness, not only is extremely 
cold, but lies next to the ocean, and thus has acquired 
its characteristic of inhospitality and aversion to 
intercourse with other countries; consequently, it 
is an exceedingly wretched place to live in. Such, 
then, is the character of the northern parts; but 
almost the whole of Southern Iberia is fertile, 
particularly the region outside the Pillars. This 


Ὁ 


do 


B 2 


STRABO 


Στηλῶν' ἔσται δὲ δῆλον ἐν τοῖς καθ᾽ ἕκαστα, 
ὑπογράψασιν ἡμῖν πρότερον τό τε σχῆμα καὶ τὸ 
μέγεθος. 

3. ἼΒοικε γὰρ βύρσῃ τεταμένῃ κατὰ μῆκος μὲν 
ἀπὸ τῆς ἑσπέρας ἐπὶ τὴν ἕω, τὰ πρόσθια ἐχούσῃ 
μέρη πρὸς τῇ ἕῳ, κατὰ πλάτος δ᾽ ἀπὸ τῶν ἄρκτων 
πρὸς νότον. ἔχει δὲ σταδίων ἑξακισχιλίων ὁμοῦ 
τὸ μῆκος, πλάτος δὲ πεντακισχιλίων τὸ μέγιστον, 
ἔστι δ᾽ ὅπου πολὺ ἔλαττον τῶν τρισχιλίων, καὶ 
μάλιστα πρὸς Τῇ: ΠΠῸυρήνῃ τῇ ποιούσῃ τὴν ἑῴαν 
πλευράν. ὄρος γὰρ διηνεκὲς ἀπὸ νότου πρὸς 
βορρᾶν τεταμένον ὁρίξει τὴν Κελτικὴν ἀπὸ τῆς 
᾿Ιβηρίας. οὔσης δὲ καὶ τῆς Κελτικῆς ἀνωμάλου 
τὸ πλάτος καὶ τῆς ᾿Ιβηρίας, τὸ στενώτατον τοῦ 
πλάτους ἑκατέρας ἀπὸ τῆς ἡμετέρας θαλάττης 
ἐπὶ τὸν ὠκεανόν ἐστι τὸ τῇ Πυρήνῃ πλησιάζον 
μάλιστα, ἐφ᾽ ἑκάτερον αὐτῆς τὸ μέρος, καὶ ποιοῦν 
κόλπους, τοὺς μὲν ἐπὶ τῷ ὠκεανῷ, τοὺς δὲ ἐπὶ τῇ 
καθ᾽ ἡμᾶς θαλάττῃ" μείζους δὲ τοὺς Κελτικούς, 
ods δὴ καὶ Γαλατικοὺς καλοῦσι, στενώτερον τὸν 
ἰσθμὸν ποιοῦντας παρὰ tov! ᾿Ιβηρικόν. καὶ δὴ 
τὸ μὲν ἑῷον πλευρὸν τῆς ᾿Ιβηρίας ἡ Πυρήνη 
ποιεῖ, τὸ δὲ νότιον ἥ τε καθ᾽ ἡμᾶς θάλαττα ἀπὸ 
τῆς Πυρήνης μέχρι Στηλῶν, καὶ ἡ ἐκτὸς τὸ ἑξῆς 
μέχρι τοῦ Ἱεροῦ καλουμένου ἀκρωτηρίου" τρίτον 
ἐστὶ τὸ ἑσπέριον πλευρὸν παράλληλόν πως τῇ 


1 τόν, Corais from sec. man. in B, for τό. 


1 According to Strabo, there were two ‘‘Galatic” 
(‘‘Celtic”) gulfs, the one ‘‘looking towards the north and 
Britain” (2. 5. 28), and the other on the Mediterranean 
side; that is, respectively, the Gulf of Gascogne, in its 
extent on the French side of the Pyrenees, and the Gulf of 


4 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 1. 2-3 


will become clear in the course of my detailed 
description of Iberia. But first I must briefly 
describe its shape and give its dimensions. 

3. Iberia is like an ox-hide extending in length 
from west to east, its fore-parts toward the east, and 
in breadth from north to south. It is six thousand 
stadia in length all told, and five thousand stadia in 
its greatest breadth; though in some places it is 
much less than three thousand in breadth, par- 
ticularly near the Pyrenees, which form its eastern 
side. That is, an unbroken chain of mountains, 
stretching from south to north, forms the boundary 
line between Celtica and Iberia; and since Celtica, 
as well as Iberia, varies in breadth, the part of each 
country that is narrowest in breadth between Our 
Sea and the ocean is that which lies nearest to 
the Pyrenees, on either side of those mountains, 
and forms gulfs both at the ocean and at Our Sea. 
The Celtic gulfs, however, which are also called 
Galatic, are larger, and the isthmus which they 
form is narrower as compared with that of Iberia. 
So the eastern side of Iberia is formed by the 
Pyrenees; the southern side is formed in part by 
Our Sea, from the Pyrenees to the Pillars, and from 
that point on by the ocean, up to what is called the 
Sacred Cape ?; the third is the western side, which 


Lyon. The latter, however, comprised within itself the 
two ‘‘Galatic” gulfs (4. 1. 6.) here mentioned as ‘‘larger ” ; 
that is, ‘‘larger” than the two gulfs on the Iberian side of 
the Pyrenees, which Strabo does not name (see small map 
inserted in:Map III in this volume). The fact is, however, 
that the shortest distance across Spain, say from San 
Sebastian to Tarragona, is shorter than that across France, 
say from Bayonne to Narbonne. 
2 Cape St. Vincent. 


C 188 


STRABO 


\ λ an n 
Πυρήνῃ, τὸ ἀπὸ τοῦ Ἱεροῦ ἀκρωτηρίου μέχρι 
an \ 3 iv »" A nr , 
τῆς πρὸς AptaBpols ἄκρας, ἣν καλοῦσι Népiov: 
᾿ς \ \ 3 / / lal , 3 
τέταρτον δὲ τὸ ἐνθένδε μέχρι τῶν βορείων ἄκρων 
n / 
τῆς Πυρὴνης. ᾿ 
4, ᾿Αναλαβόντες δὲ λέγωμεν τὰ καθ᾽ ἕκαστα, 
ἴω ἴω tA an 
ἀπὸ τοῦ lepod ἀκρωτηρίου ἀρξάμενοι. τοῦτο δέ 
> \ ΄ » an bY hag Ἁ 3 \ 
ἐστι TO δυτικώτατον, οὐ τῆς Εὐρώπης μόνον, ἀλλὰ 
καὶ τῆς οἰκουμένης ἁπάσης σημεῖον: περατοῦται 
μὲν γὰρ ὑπὸ τῶν δυεῖν ἠπείρων ἡ οἰκουμένη πρὸς 
δύσιν τοῖς τε τῆς Εὐρώπης ἄκροις καὶ τοῖς πρώτοις 
τῆς Λιβύης, ὧν τὰ μὲν Ἴβηρες ἔχουσι, τὰ δὲ 
/ » \ Sy? Ἀν , 
Μαυρούσιοι, προὔχει δὲ τὰ ᾿Ιβηρικὰ ὅσον χιλίοις 
᾽ὔ \ x 
Kal πεντακοσίοις σταδίοις KATA TO λεχθὲν ἀκρω- 
a 7 an 
τήριον. καὶ δὴ καὶ τὴν προσεχῆ τούτῳ χώραν TH 
nw a ’ὔ n , 
Aativn φωνῇ καλοῦσι Kovveov, σφῆνα σημαίνειν 
Ν 
βουλόμενοι. αὐτὸ δὲ τὸ ἄκρον καὶ προπεπτωκὸς 
» \ ie > ws 2 / ’ 
εἰς τὴν θάλατταν ᾿Αρτεμίδωρος εἰκάζει πλοίῳ, 
γενόμενος, φησίν, ἐν τῷ τόπῳ, προσλαμβάνειν δὲ 
n 4 /, / \ \ 3 Mt Sf 
TO σχήματι νησίδια TPUay το fae ἐμβοόλου τάξιν 
\ \ tes 7 9 3 
ἔχον, τὰ δὲ ἐπωτίδων, ἐφόρμους ἔχοντα μετρίους. 
> \ “ 
Ἡρακλέους δ᾽ οὔθ᾽ 1 ἱερὸν ἐνταῦθα δείκνυσθαι 
an / 
(ψεύσασθαι δὲ τοῦτο “Edopov), οὔτε βωμόν, οὐδ᾽ 
n n Wes al aA 
ἄλλου τῶν θεῶν, ἀλλὰ λίθους συγκεῖσθαι τρεῖς 
3 “ A 
ἢ τέτταρας κατὰ πολλοὺς τόπους, ODS ὑπὸ τῶν 
ἀφικνουμένων στρέφεσθαι κατά τι πάτριον καὶ 


1 οὔθ᾽, Kramer, for θ᾽ ; so the later editors. 


1 Cape Finisterre. 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 1. 3.4 


is approximately parallel to the Pyrenees and 
extends from the Sacred Cape to that Cape of the 
Artabrians which is called Nerium!; and the fourth 
side extends from Cape Nerium up to the northern 
headlands of the Pyrenees. 

4, But, to resume, let me describe Iberia in detail, 
beginning with the Sacred Cape. This cape is the 
most westerly point, not only of Europe, but of the 
whole inhabited world ; for, whereas the inhabited 
world comes to an end in the west with the two 
continents (in the one case, at the headlands of 
Europe, and in the other, at the extremities of 
Libya, of which regions the Iberians occupy the one, 
and the Maurusians the other), the headlands of 
Iberia project at the aforementioned cape about 
fifteen hundred stadia beyond those of Libya. 
Moreover, the country adjacent to this cape they 
call in the Latin language “Cuneus,’” meaning 
thereby to indicate its wedge-shape. But as for the 
cape itself, which projects into the sea, Artemidorus 
(who visited the place, as he says) likens it to a 
ship; and he says that three little islands help to 
give it this shape, one of these islands occupying 
the position of a ship’s beak, and the other two, 
which have fairly good places of anchorage, occupy- 
ing the position of cat-heads. But as for Heracles, 
he says, there is neither a temple of his to be seen 
on the cape (as Ephorus wrongly states), nor an 
altar to him, or to any other god either, but only 
stones? in many spots, lying in groups of three or 
four, which in accordance with a native custom are 

2 “Rocking Stones.” They were so nicely poised on their 


points that they could be rocked or turned with merely a 
slight force. 


7 


STRABO 


μεταφέρεσθαι σπονδοποιησαμένων" * θύειν δ᾽ οὐκ 
εἶναι νόμιμον, οὐδὲ νύκτωρ ἐπιβαίνειν 2 τοῦ τόπου, 
θεοὺς φασκόντων κατέχειν αὐτὸν ἐν τῷ τότε 
χρόνῳ, ἀλλὰ τοὺς ἐπὶ θέαν ἥκοντας ἐν κώμῃ 
πλησίον νυκτερεύειν, εἶτ᾽ ἐπιβαίνειν ἡμέρας, ὕδωρ 
ἐπιφερομένους διὰ τὴν ἀνυδρίαν. 

ὅ; Ταῦτα μὲν οὖν οὕτως ἔχειν ἐγχωρεῖ, καὶ δεῖ 
πιστεύειν" ἃ δὲ τοῖς πολλοῖς καὶ χυδαίοις ὁμοίως 
εἴρηκεν, οὐ πάνυ. λέγειν γὰρ δή φησι ἸΠοσει- 
δώνιος τοὺς πολλούς, μείζω δύνειν τὸν ἥλιον ἐν 
τῇ παρωκεανίτιδι καὶ μετὰ ψόφου παραπλησίως 
ὡσανεὶ σίζοντος τοῦ πελάγους κατὰ σβέσιν αὐτοῦ 
διὰ τὸ ἐμπίπτειν εἰς τὸν βυθόν. ψεῦδος δ᾽ εἶναι 
καὶ τοῦτο καὶ τὸ παραχρῆμα νύκτα ἀκολουθεῖν 
μετὰ τὴν δύσιν: οὐ γὰρ παραχρῆμα, μικρὸν δ᾽ 
ὕστερον, καθάπερ καὶ ἐν τοῖς ἄλλοις πελάγεσι 
τοῖς μεγάλοις. ὅπου μὲν γὰρ εἰς ὄρη δύεται, 
πλείω τὸν μετὰ δύσιν χρόνον τῆς ἡμέρας συμβαί- 
νειν ἐκ τοῦ παραφωτισμοῦ, ἐκεῖ δὲ πλείω μὲν 
οὐκ “ἐπακολουθεῖν, μὴ μέντοι μηδὲ παραχρῆμα 
συνάπτειν τὸ σκότος, καθάπερ καὶ ἐν τοῖς μεγά- 
λοις πεδίοις. τὴν δὲ τοῦ μεγέθους φαντασίαν 
αὔξεσθαι μὲν ὁμοίως κατά τε τὰς δύσεις καὶ τὰς 
ἀνατολὰς ἐν τοῖς πελάγεσι διὰ τὸ τὰς ἀναθυ- 


1 σπονδοποιησαμένων, Corais, for ψευδοποιησαμένων ; gener- 
ally followed. 

* ἐπιβαίνειν, conj. of Meineke, for ἐπιβάλλειν ; generally 
followed. 


1 That is, to the original position; but the Greek word 
might mean ‘‘ transferred” to other spots. Hitibner (Pauly- 


8 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. τ. 4-5 


turned round by those who visit the place, and then, 
after the pouring of a libation, are moved back 
again.! And it is not lawful, he adds, to ofter 
sacrifice there, nor, at night, even to set foot on the 
place, because the gods, the people say, occupy it 
at that time; but those who come to see the place 
spend the night in a neighbouring village, and then 
enter the place by day, taking water with them, for 
there is no water there. 

5. Now these assertions of Artemidorus are 
allowable, and we should believe them; but the 
stories which he has told in agreement with the 
common crowd of people are by no means to be 
believed. For example, it is a general saying among 
the people, according to Poseidonius, that in the 
regions along the coast of the ocean the sun is larger 
when it sets, and that it sets with a noise much as if 
the sea were sizzling to extinguish it because of its 
falling into the depths. But, says Poseidonius, this 
is false, as also the statement that night follows 
instantly upon sunset; for night does not come on 
instantly, but after a slight interval, just as it does 
on the coasts of the other large seas. For in regions 
where the sun sets behind mountains, he says, the 
daylight lasts a longer time after sunset, as a result 
of the indirect light; but on the sea-coasts no 
considerable interval ensues, albeit the darkness 
does not come on instantly, either, any more than it 
does on the great plains. And, he says, the visual 
impression of the size of the sun increases alike 
both at sunset and sunrise on the seas, because at 
those times a greater amount of vapour rises 


Wissowa, Real-Encyclopddie, vol. iv, 1908) thinks the stones 
‘‘apparently were carried away ” by the visitors. 


9 


C 139 


STRABO 


, 5 wn e ἴω 2 ὔ Ἔ \ 
μίασεις πλείους ἐκ τῶν ὑγρῶν ἀναφέρεσθαι" διὰ 
δὲ ’ὔ ς ὃ 3 C.F 1 ld \ ” 

€ τούτων ws ὃν vaddwv! κλωμένην τὴν ὄψιν 
πλατυτέρας δέχεσθαι τὰς φαντασίας, καθάπερ 
\ nr lo) 
καὶ διὰ νέφους ξηροῦ καὶ λεπτοῦ βλέπουσαν 
, Ἃ ᾽ / Ν “Ψ A \ / 
δυόμενον ἢ ἀνατέλλοντα TOV ἥλιον ἢ τὴν σελή- 
,ὔ A \ 
νην, ἡνίκα καὶ ἐνερευθὲς φαίνεσθαι τὸ ἄστρον. 
\ \ a 3 / 
τὸ δὲ ψεῦδος ἐλέγξαι φησὶ τριάκονθ᾽ ἡμέρας 
διατρίψας ἐν Τ᾽ αδείροις καὶ τηρήσας τὰς δύσεις. 
ὁ 6€ ye ᾿Αρτεμίδωρος ἑκατονταπλασίονά φησι 
δύεσθαι τὸν ἥλιον, καὶ αὐτίκα νύκτα καταλαμ- 
5 \ 3 a ae - 
βάνειν. ὡς μὲν οὖν αὐτὸς εἶδε τοῦτο ἐν τῷ lep@ 
ἀκρωτηρίῳ, οὐχ ὑποληπτέον, προσέχοντας τῇ 
/ al A 
ἀποφάσει αὐτοῦ, ἔφη yap νύκτωρ μηδένα ἐπι- 
βαίνειν: ὥστ᾽ οὐδὲ δυομένου ἡλίου οὐδεὶς ἂν 
/ , ’ 
ἐπιβαίνοι, εἴπερ εὐθὺς ἡ νὺξ καταλαμβάνει. ἀλλ, 
> 7 an \ & 
οὐδ᾽ ἐν ἄλλῳ τόπῳ τῆς παρωκεανίτιδος" καὶ yap 
3K / a an , 
Ta Tadepa ἐπὶ τῷ ὠκεανῷ, καὶ ὁ Ἰ]οσειδώνιος 
ἀντιμαρτυρεῖ καὶ ἄλλοι πλείους. 
6. Τῆς δὲ συνεχοῦς τῷ Ἱερῷ ἀκρωτηρίῳ παρα- 
7 
λίας ἡ μέν ἐστιν ἀρχὴ τοῦ ἑσπερίου πλευροῦ τῆς 
᾿Ιβηρίας μέχρι τῆς ἐκβολῆς τοῦ Τάγου ποταμοῦ, 
ἡ δὲ τοῦ νοτίου μέχρι ἄλλου ποταμοῦ τοῦ "Ava 
καὶ τῆς ἐκβολῆς αὐτοῦ. φέρεται S ἀπὸ τῶν 
5. τῷ, la) e “ἡ >’ 3 e \ b] 3 3 Α 3 
ἑῴων μερῶν ἑκάτερος" GAN ὁ μὲν ἐπ᾽ εὐθείας εἰς 
\ ς i, 2 ΄, \ / Ἃ 
τὴν ἑσπέραν ἐκδίδωσι πολὺ μείζων ὧν θατέρου, 
” / x 
δ᾽ Ἄνας πρὸς νότον ἐπιστρέφει, τὴν μεσοπο- 


1 ὑάλων, I. Voss, for αὐλῶν ; so Schneider, Groskurd, 
Meineke, Forbiger, and Tardieu. 


1 A globe filled with water, apparently. 
2 We should say “refracted.” Empedocles (quoted by 
Aristotle, De Sensw et Sensili, chap. 2) advanced the theory 


IO 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 1. 5-6 


from the water; that is, the visual rays, in pass- 
ing through this vapour as through a lens,! are 
broken,? and therefore the visual impression is 
magnified, just as it is when the setting or the rising 
sun, or moon, is seen through a dry, thin cloud, at 
which time the heavenly body also appears some- ᾿ 
what ruddy. He convinced himself, he says, of the 
falsity of the above assertions during his stay of 
thirty days in Gades, when he observed the settings 
of the sun. Nevertheless, Artemidorus says that 
the sun sets a hundred times larger than usual, and 
that night comes on immediately! However, if we 
look closely at his declaration, we are obliged to 
assume that he did not himself see this phenomenon 
at the Sacred Cape, for he states that no one sets 
foot on the place by night; and hence no one could 
set foot on it while the sun was setting, either, if 
it be true that night comes on immediately. Neither, 
in fact, did he see it at any other point on the ocean- 
coast, for Gades also is on the ocean, and Poseidonius 
and several others bear witness against him. 

6. The coastline adjacent to the Sacred Cape, on 
the west, is the beginning of the western side of 
Iberia as far as the mouth of the Tagus River, and, 
on the south, the beginning of the southern side as 
far as another river, the Anas, and its mouth. Both 
rivers flow from the eastern regions; but the Tagus, 
which is a much larger stream than the other, flows 
straight westward to its mouth, whereas the Anas 
turns south, and marks off a boundary of the inter- 
fluvial region, which is inhabited for the most part 


that the visual rays emanate from the eyes, but Aristotle 
(1. 5.) controverted it. See also Plato, Timaeus, 450 and 
46 B; and Seneca, Quaestiones Naturales, 1. 6. 


TI 


STRABO 


ταμίαν ἀφορίζων, ἣν ἹΚελτικοὶ νέμονται τὸ πλέον, 
καὶ τῶν Λυσιτανῶν τινες ἐκ τῆς περαίας τοῦ 
Τάγου μετοικισθέντες ὑπὸ “Ρωμαίων: ἐν δὲ τοῖς 
ἄνω μέρεσι καὶ Καρπητανοὶ καὶ ᾿Ωρητανοὶ καὶ 
Οὐεττώνων συχνοὶ νέμονται. αὕτη μὲν οὖν Y 
χώρα μετρίως ἐστὶν εὐδαίμων, ἡ δ᾽ ἐφεξῆς πρὸς 
ἕω “κειμένη καὶ νότον ὑπερβολὴν οὐκ ἀπολείπει 
πρὸς ἅπασαν κρινομένη τὴν οἰκουμένην ἀρετῆς 
χάριν καὶ τῶν ἐκ γῆς καὶ θαλάττης ἀγαθῶν. 
αὕτη δ᾽ ἐστίν ἣν ὁ Βαῖτις διαρρεῖ ποταμός, ἀπὸ 
τῶν αὐτῶν μερῶν τὴν ἀρχὴν ἔχων ἀφ᾽ ὧνπερ καὶ 
ὁ “vas καὶ ὁ Tayos, μέσος πως ἀμφοῖν τούτων 
ὑπάρχων κατὰ μέγεθος: παραπλησίως μέντοι τῷ 
"Ava Kat ἀρχὰς ἐπὶ τὴν ἑσπέραν ῥυεὶς εἶτ᾽ 
ἐπιστρέφει πρὸς νότον καὶ κατὰ τὴν αὐτὴν ἐκδί- 
δωσι τούτῳ παραλίαν. καλοῦσι δ᾽ ἀπὸ μὲν τοῦ 
ποταμοῦ Βαιτικήν, ἀπὸ δὲ τῶν ἐνοικούντων Τουρ- 
δητανίαν' τοὺς δ᾽ ἐνοικοῦντας Τουρδητανούς τε 
καὶ Τουρδούλους προσαγορεύουσιν, οἱ μὲν τοὺς 
αὐτοὺς νομίζοντες, οἱ δ᾽ ἑτέρους: ὧν ἐστι καὶ 
Πολύβιος, συνοίκους φήσας τοῖς 'Γουρδητανοῖς 
πρὸς ἄρκτον τοὺς 'Τουρδούλους" νυνὶ δ᾽ ἐν αὐτοῖς 
οὐδεὶς φαίνεται διορισμός. σοφώτατοι δ᾽ ἐξετά- 
ἕονται τῶν ᾿Ιβήρων οὗτοι, καὶ γραμματικῇ͵ χρῶν- 
ται, καὶ τῆς παλαιᾶς μνήμης ἔχουσι συγγράμματα 
καὶ ποιήματα καὶ νόμους ἐ ἐμμέτρους ἑξακισχιλίων 
ἐτῶν, ὥς φασι: καὶ οἱ ἄλλοι δ᾽ Ἴβηρες χρῶνται 
γραμματικῇ, οὐ μιᾷ δ᾽ ἰδέᾳ, οὐδὲ γὰρ γλώττῃ μιᾷ. 
τείνει δὲ ἡ χώρα αὕτη, ἡ ἐντὸς τοῦ "Ava, πρὸς ἕω 


1 Paulmier de Grentemesnil conj. ἐπῶν for ἐτῶν ; Meineke 
following. Cp. Caesar Bell. Gall. 6. 14. 


12 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. τ. 6 


by Celtic peoples, and by certain of the Lusitanians 
who were transplanted thither by the Romans from 
the other side of the Tagus. But in the regions 
farther inland dwell Carpetanians, Oretanians, and 
large numbers of Vettonians. This country, to he 
sure, has only a moderately happy lot, but that 
which lies next to it on the east and south takes 
pre-eminence in comparison with the entire inhabited 
world in respect of fertility and of the goodly 
products of land and sea. This is the country 
through which the Baetis flows, which rises in the 
same districts as both the Anas and the Tagus, and 
in size is about midway between the other two 
rivers. Like the Anas, however, it at first flows 
towards the west, and then turns south, and empties 
on the same coast as the Anas. They call the 
country Baetica after the river, and also Turdetania 
after the inhabitants; yet they call the inhabitants 
both Turdetanians and Turdulians, some believing 
that they are the same people, others that they are 
different. Among the latter is Polybius, for he 
states that the Turdulians are neighbours of the 
Turdetanians on the north; but at the present time 
there is no distinction to be seen among them. The 
Turdetanians are ranked as the wisest of the Iberians; 
and they make use of an alphabet, and _ possess 
records of their ancient history, poems, and laws 
written in verse that are six thousand years old,} as 
they assert. And also the other Iberians use an 
alphabet, though not letters of one and the same 
character, for their speech is not one and the same, 
either. Now Turdetania, the country this side the 


1 Some think the text should be emended to read “six 
thousand verses in length.” 


13 


C 140 


STRABO 


μὲν μέχρι τῆς ᾿Ὠρητανίας,, πρὸς νότον δὲ μέχρι 
τῆς Weld os τῆς ἀπὸ τῶν ἐκβολῶν τοῦ “Ava 
μέχρι Στηλῶν. ἀνάγκη δὲ διὰ πλειόνων περὶ 
αὐτῆς εἰπεῖν καὶ τῶν σύνεγγυς τόπων, ὅσα συν- 
τείνει πρὸς τὸ μαθεῖν τὴν εὐφυΐαν τῶν τόπων καὶ 
τὴν εὐδαιμονίαν. 

ie Τῆς δὲ παραλίας ταύτης, εἰς ἣν ὅ τε Βαΐτις 
καὶ ὁ *Avas ἐκδίδωσι, καὶ τῶν ἐσχάτων τῆς 
Μαυρουσίας εἰς τὸ μεταξὺ ἐμπῖπτον τὸ ᾿Ατλαν- 
τικὸν πέλαγος ποιεῖ τὸν κατὰ Στήλας πορθμόν, 
καθ᾽ ὃν ἡ ἐντὸς θάλαττα συνάπτει τῇ ἐκτός. 
ἐνταῦθα δὴ ὄρος ἐστὶ τῶν ᾿Ιβήρων τῶν καλου- 
μένων Βαστητανῶν, ovs καὶ Βαστούλους καλοῦ- 
σιν, ἡ Κάλπη, τῇ περιοχῇ μὲν οὐ μέγα, τῷ O 
ὕψει μέγα καὶ ὄρθιον, ὥστε πόρρωθεν νησοειδὲς 
φαίνεσθαι. ἐκπλέουσιν οὖν ἐκ τῆς ἡμετέρας 
θαλάττης εἰς τὴν ἔξω δεξιόν € ἐστι τοῦτο, καὶ πρὸς 
αὐτῷ 1 Κάλπη πόλις, ἐν τετταράκοντα σταδίοις, 
ἀξιόλογος καὶ παλαιά, ναύσταθμόν ποτε γενομένη 
τῶν ᾿Ιβήρων. ἔνιοι δὲ καὶ Ἡρακλέους κτίσμα 
λέγουσιν αὐτήν, ὧν ἐστι καὶ Τιμοσθένης, ὅς φησι 
καὶ Ἡρακλείαν ὀνομάζεσθαι τὸ παλαιόν, δείκνυ- 
σθαί τε μέγαν περίβολον καὶ νεωσοίκους. 

8, Εἶτα Μενλαρία, ταριχείας ἔχουσα, καὶ μετὰ 
ταῦτα Βελὼν πόλις καὶ ποταμός. ἐντεῦθεν οἱ 
διάπλοι μάλιστά εἰσιν εἰς Τίγγιν τῆς Μαυρουσίας 


1 αὐτῷ, Jones, for αὐτό. 


1 Previous editors have unnecessarily emended Calpe to 
Carteia. Ancient writers, in describing the highway on the 
coast from Malaga to Gades, thought of Calpe and its 
close neighbour, Carteia, as a single halting-place. In the 


14 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. τ. 6-8 


Anas, stretches eastward as far as Oretania, and 
southward as far as the coastline that extends from 
the mouths of the Anas to the Pillars. But I must 
describe it and the regions that are close to it at 
greater length, telling all that contributes to our 
knowledge of their natural advantages and happy 
lot. 

7. Between this stretch of coastline, on which 
both the Baetis and the Anas empty, and the limits 
of Maurusia, the Atlantic Ocean breaks in and thus 
forms the strait at the Pillars, and by this strait the 
interior sea connects with the exterior sea. Now at 
this strait there is a mountain belonging to those 
Iberians that are called Bastetanians, who are also 
called Bastulians; I mean Calpe, which, although 
its circumference is not great, rises to so great a 
height and is so steep that from a distance it looks 
like an island. So when you sail from Our Sea into 
the exterior sea, you have this mountain on your 
right hand; and near it, within a distance of forty 
stadia, is the city Calpe, an important and ancient 
city, which was once a naval station of the Iberians. 
And some further say that it was founded by 
Heracles, among whom is Timosthenes, who says 
that in ancient times it was also called Heracleia, 
and that its great city-walls and its docks are still 
to be seen. 

8. Then comes Menlaria, with its establishments 
for salting fish; and next, the city and river of 
Belon. It is from Belon that people generally take 
ship for the passage across to Tingis in Maurusia ; 
and at Belon there are trading-places and establish- 


Antonine Itinerary (Jtin. Prov. Ant. Aug. 406. 3) the halting- 
place is called ‘‘ Calpe Carteia.”’ 


15 


STRABO 


καὶ ἐμπόρια καὶ ταριχεῖαι. ἣν δὲ καὶ Ζῆλις τῆς 
Τίγγιος ἀστυγείτων, ἀλλὰ μετῴκισαν ταύτην εἰς 
τὴν περαίαν Ῥωμαῖοι, καὶ ἐκ τῆς Τίγγιος προσλα- 
βόντες τινάς" ἔπεμψαν δὲ καὶ παρ᾽ ἑαυτῶν ἐποί- 
κους, καὶ ὠνόμασαν ᾿Ιουλίαν “lofav τὴν πόλιν. 
εἶτα Πάδειρα, πορθμῷ στενῷ διειργομένη νῆσος 
ἀπὸ τῆς Τουρδητανίας, διέχουσα τῆς Κάλπης 
περὶ ἑπτακοσίους καὶ πεντήκοντα σταδίους, οἱ 
δὲ ὀκτακοσίους φασίν. ἔστι δ᾽ ἡ νῆσος αὕτη 
τἄλλα μὲν οὐθὲν διαφέρουσα τῶν ἄλλων, ἀνδρείᾳ 
δὲ τῶν ér οἰκούντων τῇ περὶ τὰς ναυτιλίας καὶ 
φιλίᾳ πρὸς “Ῥωμαίους τοσαύτην ἐπίδοσιν εἰς 
πᾶσαν εὐτυχίαν ἔσχεν, ὥστε, καίπερ ἐσχάτη 
ἱδρυμένη τῆς γῆς, ὀνομαστοτάτη τῶν ἁπασῶν 
ἐστιν. ἀλλὰ περὶ μὲν ταύτης ἐροῦμεν ὅταν καὶ 
περὶ τῶν ἄλλων νήσων λέγωμεν. 

9, ᾿Εφεξῆς δ᾽ ἐστὶν ὁ Μενεσθέως καλούμενος 
λιμὴν καὶ ἡ κατὰ Ασταν ἀνάχυσις καὶ Νάβρισ- 
σαν. λέγονται δὲ ἀναχύσεις αἱ πληρούμεναι. 
τῇ θαλάττῃ κοιλάδες ἐν ταῖς πλημμυρίσι καὶ 
ποταμῶν δίκην ἀνάπλους εἰς τὴν μεσόγαιαν ἔχου- 
σαι καὶ τὰς ἐπ᾽ αὐταῖς πόλεις. εἶτ᾽ εὐθὺς αἱ 
ἐκβολαὶ τοῦ Βαίτιος διχῆ σχιζόμεναι" ἡ δὲ ἀπο- 
λαμβανομένη νῆσος ὑπὸ τῶν στομάτων ἑκατόν, 
ὡς δ᾽ ἔνιοι, καὶ πλειόνων σταδίων ἀφορίζει πα- 
ραλίαν. ἐνταῦθα δὲ που καὶ τὸ μαντεῖον τοῦ 
Μενεσθέως ἐστί, καὶ ὁ τοῦ Καιπίωνος ἵδρυται 
πύργος ἐπὶ πέτρας ἀμφικλύστου, θαυμασίως κατ- 
εσκευασμένος, ὥσπερ ὁ Φάρος, τῆς τῶν πλοῖζο- 
μένων σωτηρίας χάριν' ἥ τε γὰρ ἐκβαλλομένη 


1 νΝάβρισσαν, Corais, for ἀνάβρασις ; so subsequent editors. 


16 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. τ. 8-9 


ments for salting fish. There used to be a city of 
Zelis, also, a neighbour of Tingis, but the Romans 
transplanted it to the opposite coast of Iberia, taking 
along some of the inhabitants of Tingis; and they 
also sent some of their own people thither as 
colonists and named the city “Julia Ioza.’’ Then 
comes Gades, an island separated from Turdetania 
by a narrow strait, and distant from Calpe about 
seven hundred and fifty stadia (though some say 
eight hundred). This island does not differ at all 
from the others except that, because of the daring 
of its inhabitants as sailors, and because of their 
friendship for the Romans, it has made such advances 
in every kind of prosperity that, although situated 
at the extremity of the earth, it is the most famous 
of them all. But I shall tell about Gades when 1 
discuss the other islands. 

9. Next in order comes what is called the Port 
of Menestheus, and then the estuary at Asta and 
Nabrissa. (The name of estuaries is given to hollows 
that are covered by the sea at the high tides, and, 
like rivers, afford waterways into the interior and to 
the cities on their shores.) Then immediately comes 
the outlet of the Baetis, which has a twofold division ; 
and the island that is enclosed by the two mouths 
has a coastal boundary of one hundred stadia, or, as 
some say, still more than that. Hereabouts is the 
oracle of Menestheus; and also the tower of Caepio, 
which is situated upon a rock that is washed on 
all sides by the waves, and, like the Pharos tower,}! 
is a marvellous structure built for the sake of the 
safety of mariners; for not only do the alluvial 


1 See 1. 2. 23 and 17. 1. 9. 


17 
VOL. II. Ὁ 


Ο 141 


STRABO 


χοῦς ὑπὸ τοῦ ποταμοῦ βραχέα ποιεῖ, καὶ χοιρα- 
δώδης ἐ ἐστὶν ὁ πρὸ αὐτοῦ τόπος, ὥστε δεῖ σημείου 
τινὸς ἐπιφανοῦς. ἐντεῦθεν δ᾽ ὃ τοῦ Βαίτιος 
» / > \ \ I > la) \ \ a 
ἀνάπλους ἐστὶ καὶ πόλις ᾿ΕῤΛβοῦρα καὶ τὸ τῆς 
Φωσφόρου ἱερόν, ἣν καλοῦσι Λοῦκεμ Δουβίαμ' 
εἶθ᾽ οἱ τῶν ἀναχύσεων τῶν ἄλλων ἀνάπλοι" καὶ 
μετὰ ταῦτα ὁ “Avas ποταμός, δίστομος καὶ οὗτος, 
\ e 3 Ρ] A b) / oF sf? ὦ Niet \ 
Kal ὁ ἐξ αὐτῶν ἀνάπλους" εἶθ᾽ ὕστατον τὸ Ἱερὸν 
ἀκρωτήριον, διέχον τῶν Γαδείρων ἐλάττους ἢ 
δισχιλίους σταδίους" τινὲς δ᾽ ἀπὸ μὲν τοῦ lepod 
ἀκρωτηρίου ἐπὶ τὸ τοῦ “Ava στόμα ἑξήκοντα 
/ / > a 3 >) \ \ A , 
μίλιά φασιν, ἐντεῦθεν δ᾽ ἐπὶ τὸ τοῦ Βαίτιος 
f ς / = > V4 e / 
στόμα ἑκατόν, εἶτα εἰς ΤΠάδειρα ἑβδομήκοντα. 
Π ; 
1. Τῆς δ᾽ οὖν ἐντὸς τοῦ "Ava παραλίας ὑπερ- 
κεῖσθαι συμβαίνει τὴν Τουρδητανίαν, ἣν ὁ Βαῖτις 
διαρρεῖ ποταμός. ,ἀφορίξει δὲ αὐτὴν πρὸς μὲν 
τὴν ἑσπέραν καὶ ἄρκτον ὁ "Ἄνας ποταμός, πρὸς 
δὲ τὴν ἕω Καρπητανῶν τέ τινες καὶ Opnravot, 
πρὸς νότον δὲ Βαστητανῶν οἱ μεταξὺ τῆς Κάλπης 
καὶ τῶν Γαδείρων στενὴν νεμόμενοι παραλίαν, καὶ 
ἡ ἑξῆς θάλαττα μέχρι “Ava. καὶ οἱ Βαστητανοὶ 
δέ, οὺς εἶπον, τῇ Τουρδητανίᾳ πρύσκεινται καὶ οἱ 
ἔξω τοῦ "Ava, καὶ οἱ πολλοὶ TOV προσχώρων. 


μέγεθος δ᾽ οὐ πλεῖόν ἐστι τῆς χώρας ταύτης ἐπὶ 
μῆκος καὶ πλάτος ἢ δισχίλιοι στάδιοι, πόλεις δ᾽ 


1 That is, Artemis Phosphorus (‘‘ Light-bringer.”) 
2 Strabo refers to the Roman mile, which was equal to 
eight stadia. 


18 


ΟΕΟΥΟΥΒΗΝ ἢ 0.9—2: 1 


deposits that are discharged by the river form 
shallows, but the region in front of it is full of 
reefs, so that there is need of a conspicuous beacon. 
Thence is the waterway up the Baetis, and the 
city of Ebura, and the shrine of Phosphorus,! 
which they call “Lux Dubia.” Then come the 
waterways up the other estuaries; and after that 
the Anas River, which also has two mouths, and 
the waterway from both mouths into the interior. 
Then, finally, comes the Sacred Cape, which is less 
than two thousand stadia distant from Gades. Some, 
however, say that the distance from the Sacred Cape 
to the mouth of the Anas is sixty miles, and thence 
to the mouth of the Baetis, a hundred, and then, to 
Gades, seventy.? 


II 


1. Ar all events, it is above the coast this side 
the Anas that Turdetania lies, and through it flows 
the Baetis River. And its boundary is marked off 
on the west and north by the Anas River, on the 
east by a part of Carpetania and by Oretania, and 
on the south by those of the Bastetanians who 
occupy a narrow stretch of coast between Calpe and 
Gades and by the sea next to that stretch as far 
as the Anas. But these Bastetanians of whom I 
have just spoken also belong to Turdetania, and so 
do those Bastetanians beyond the Anas, and most 
of its immediate neighbours. The extent of this 
country is not more than two thousand stadia, that 
is, in length or breadth, but it contains a surpassing 


8 Strabo means geographical ‘‘length” and ‘‘ breadth,” as 
defined in 2. 1. 32, 


19 
Gc 2 


STRABO 


¢ An , 
ὑπερβάλλουσαι TO πλῆθος, καὶ yap διακοσίας 
/ a an 
φασί. γνωριμώταται δὲ αἱ ἐπὶ τοῖς ποταμοῖς 
ὃ Υ͂ \ a b) / \ A θ VA ὃ Ν 
ἱδρυμέναι καὶ ταῖς ἀναχύσεσι καὶ τῇ θαλάττῃ διὰ 
Χ A 
Tas χρείας. πλεῖστον δ᾽ ἥ τε KopduBa ηὔξηται, 
\ 
Μαρκέλλου κτίσμα, καὶ δόξῃ καὶ δυνάμει, καὶ 
ἡ τῶν Ταδιτανῶν πόλις, ἡ μὲν διὰ τὰς ναυτιλίας 
\ \ \ 7 Ὁ / ἊΝ 
καὶ διὰ τὸ προσθέσθαι Ῥωμαίοις κατὰ συμμα- 
΄ ς \ / 2 a \ , / 
χίας, ἡ δὲ χώρας ἀρετῇ Kal μεγέθει, προσλαμβά- 
“ a / Wh Υ 
νοντος καὶ τοῦ ποταμοῦ Βαίτιος μέγα μέρος" 
v n A 
ὠκησάν τε ἐξ ἀρχῆς Ῥωμαίων τε καὶ τῶν ἐπι- 
/ 
χωρίων ἄνδρες ἐπίλεκτοι" Kal δὴ καὶ πρώτην 
7] 
ἀποικίαν ταύτην εἰς τούσδε τοὺς τόπους ἔστειλαν 
ὶ ΐ 4 δὲ ταύ ὶ τὴν τῶν Tad 
Ρωμαῖοι. μετὰ δὲ ταύτην καὶ τὴν τῶν [1 αδι- 
la) ς δ “ > / \ 3 \ », 
τανῶν ἡ μὲν Ἵσπαλις ἐπιφανής, καὶ αὐτὴ ἄποικος 
ς ,ὔ \ \ \ \ > ΄ ἠὲ a 
Ρωμαίων, νυνὶ δὲ TO μὲν ἐμπόριον συμμένει, TH 
a A a \ lf 
τιμῇ δὲ καὶ τῷ ἐποικῆσαι νεωστὶ τοὺς Καίσαρος 
lal 7 
στρατιώτας ἡ Βαῖτις ὑπερέχει, καίπερ οὐ συνοι- 
κουμένη λαμπρῶς. 
Ie eIN A 
2. Μετὰ δὲ ταύτας ᾿Ιτάλικα καὶ λυπα ἐπὶ τῷ 
͵ Ν 
Βαίτι, ΓΑστιγις δ᾽ ἀπωτέρω καὶ Κάρμων καὶ 
53 - 7 A 
Οβούλκων' ἔτι δὲ ἐν ais οἱ ἸΠομπηίου παῖδες 
a \ Υ 
κατεπολεμήθησαν, Μοῦνδα καὶ ᾿Ατέγουα καὶ Oup- 
a / 
σων καὶ Τοῦκκις καὶ Οὐλία καὶ Αἴγουα: ἅπασαι 


1 The Turdetanian city of Baetis cannot be identified. 
C. Muller proposes to read Asidigis, ἡ. 6. Asido (now Medina 
Sidonia), citing the ‘‘ Asido surnamed Caesariana” of Pliny 
(Nat. Hist. 3.1.3). Hiibner (Pauly-Wissowa, Real-Encyclo- 


20 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 2. 1-2 


number ot cities—as many, indeed, as two hundred, 
it is said. The best known are those situated on 
the rivers, on the estuaries, and on the sea; and 
this is due to their commercial intercourse. But 
the two that have grown most in fame and in power 
are Corduba, which was founded by Marcellus, and 
the city of the Gaditanians: the latter, because of 
its maritime commerce and because it associated 
itself with the Romans as an ally; the former 
because of the excellence of its soil and the extent 
of its territory, though the Baetis River has also 
contributed in great measure to its growth; and it 
has been inhabited from the beginning by picked 
men of the Romans and of the native Iberians; 
what is more, the first colony which the Romans 
sent to these regions was that to Corduba. After 
Corduba and the city of the Gaditanians, Hispalis, 
itself also a colony of the Romans, is most famous, 
and still remains the trade-centre of the district ; 
yet, in the matter of distinction, that is, in the fact 
that the soldiers of Caesar have recently colonised 
it, Baetis! ranks higher, albeit a city not notable for 
its population. 

2. After these cities come Italica and _ Ilipa, 
both near the Baetis River; and Astigis, farther 
away from the river, and Carmo, and QObulco, and, 
besides these, the cities in which the sons of 
Pompey were defeated, namely, Munda, Ategua, 
Urso, Tuccis, Ulia, and Aegua?; and all of these 


pddie, ii. 2764) says, ‘‘ Undoubtedly Italica is meant,” but 
the manner in which Italica is introduced below makes this 
seem improbable. 

2 The city of Aegua, in Turdetania, is otherwise unknown. 
Escua is probably the correct reading. 


21 


C 142 


STRABO 


δ᾽ αὗται Κορδύβης οὐκ ἄπωθεν. τρόπον δέ τινα 
μητρόπολις κατέστη τοῦ τόπου τούτου Modvéa: 
διέχει δὲ Kapryias ἡ Μοῦνδα σταδίους χιλίους 1 
καὶ τετρακοσίους, εἰς ἣν ἔφυγεν ἡττηθεὶς ὁ 0 Γναῖος" 
εἶτ᾽ ἐκπλεύσας ἔνθεν καὶ ἐκβὰς ἔς τινα ὑπερκει- 
μένην Cah Onan: ὀρεινὴν διεφθάρη. ὁ δ ἀδελφὸς 
αὐτοῦ Σέξτος ἐκ Κορδύβης σωθεὶς καὶ μικρὸν ἐν 
τοῖς Ἴβηρσι πολεμήσας χρόνον ὕστερον Σικελίαν 
ἀπέστησεν, εἶτ᾽ ἐκπεσὼν ἐνθένδε εἰς τὴν ᾿Ασίαν 
ἁλοὺς ὑπὸ τῶν ᾿Αντωνίου στρατηγῶν ἐν Μιλήτῳ 
κατέστρεψε τὸν βίον. ἐν δὲ τοῖς Κελτικοῖς Κονί- 
στοργίς ἐστι γνωριμωτάτη: ἐπὶ δὲ ταῖς ἀναχύσεσιν 
ἡ “Acta, εἰς ἣν οἱ τὸ νῦν [ αδιτανοὶ συνίασι μάλι- 
στα, ὑπερκειμένην τοῦ ἐπινείου τῆς νήσου σταδίους 
οὐ πολὺ πλείους τῶν ἑκατόν. 

3. Παροικεῖται δὲ ὑπὸ πλείστων ὁ Βαῖτις, καὶ 
ἀναπλεῖται σχεδόν τι ἐπὶ χιλίους καὶ διακοσίους 
σταδίους ἐκ θαλάττης μέχρι Κορδύβης καὶ τῶν 
μικρὸν ἐπάνω τόπων. καὶ δὴ καὶ ἐξείργασται 

Ἂν 
περιττῶς ἥ τε παραποταμία καὶ τὰ ἐν τῷ ποταμῷ. 
νησίδια. πρόσεστι δὲ καὶ τὸ τῆς ὄψεως τερπνόν, 


1 χιλίους, the reading of A, adopted by Casaubon instead 
of ἑξακισχιλίους (BC). 


1 Hiibner (Pauly-Wissowa, 111. 1618; iv. 1223) would 
delete Munda, thus making apply to Corduba the reference 
to ‘‘ the capital city ” (Ptolemaeus 2. 4.9), and to the distance 
of ‘‘four hundred stadia from Carteia”’ (Caesar, Bell. Hisp. 
32. 5, makes the distance from Carteia to Corduba one 
hundred and seventy miles, 7. 6. one thousand three hundred 
and sixty stadia). But according to Strabo’s text Munda 
was a city near Corduba, and must not be identified with 
the Monda of to-day (four hundred and forty stadia from 
Carteia). 


22 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 2-3 


cities are not far from Corduba. In a way, Munda! 
has become the capital city of this region. Munda! 
is one thousand four hundred stadia distant from 
Carteia, whither Gnaeus fled after his defeat?; he 
sailed away from there, and disembarked into a 
certain mountainous region overlooking the sea, 
where he was put to death. But his brother Sextus 
escaped from Corduba, carried on war for a short 
time in Iberia, and later on caused Sicily to revolt ; 
then, driven out of Sicily into Asia, he was captured 
by the generals of Antony, and ended his life at 
Miletus.? In the country of the Celti,* Conistorgis 
is the best known city; but on the estuaries Asta 
is the best known, where the Gaditanians ὃ of to-day 
usually hold their assemblies, and it is situated not 
much more than one hundred stadia beyond the 
seaport of the island. 

3. The Baetis has a large population along its 
shores, and is navigable for approximately one 
thousand two hundred stadia from the sea up to 
Corduba and the regions a little higher up. Further- 
-more, the land along the river, and the little islands 
in the river, are exceedingly well cultivated. And 
besides that, there is the charm of the scenery, for 


2 Caesar’s defeat of Gnaeus Pompey at the battle of Munda 
took place in March, 45 B.c, 

8 According to Dio Cassius (49. 18), Sextus was captured, 
and, apparently, executed at Midaeium (a city in Phrygia 
Epictetus); but Appian (Civil Wars, 5. 144) says that he 
was executed at Miletus. 

4 The Iberian Celts, who lived in what is now Southern 
Portugal. 

5 Pliny (Nat. Hist. 3. 1. 3) says that there were four 
jurisdictions in Baetica, those of Gades, Corduba, Astigis. 
and Hispalis. 


τς 


STRABO 


ἄλσεσι καὶ ταῖς ἄλλαις φυτουργίαις ἐκπεπονη- 
μένων τῶν χωρίὧν. μέχρι μὲν οὖν Ἰσπάλιος 
ὁλκάσιν ἀξιολόγοις ὁ ἀνάπλους ἐστὶν ἐπὶ στα- 
δίους οὐ πολὺ λείποντας τῶν πεντακοσίων, ἐπὶ 
δὲ τὰς ἄνω πόλεις μέχρι ᾿ἸΙλίπας ταῖς ἐλάττοσι, 
μέχρι δὲ Κορδύβης. τοῖς ποταμίοις σκάφεσι, πη- 
κτοῖς μὲν τὰ νῦν, τὸ παλαιὸν δὲ καὶ μονοξύλοις' 
τὸ δ᾽ ἄνω τὸ ἐπὶ Κασταλῶνος" οὐκ ἔστι πλόϊμον' 
παράλληλοι δέ τινες ῥάχεις ὀρῶν παρατείνουσι τῷ 
ποταμῷ, μᾶλλόν τε καὶ ἧττον αὐτῷ συνάπτουσαι, 
πρὸς βορρᾶν, μετάλλων πλήρεις. πλεῖστος δ᾽ ἐστὶν 
ἄργυρος ἐν τοῖς κατὰ Ἴλιπαν τόποις καὶ τοῖς κατὰ 

ισάπωνα, τόν τε παλαιὸν λεγόμενον καὶ τὸν νέον' 
κατὰ δε τὰς Κωτίνας λεγομένας χαλκός τε ἅμα 
γεννᾶται καὶ χρυσός. ἐν ἀριστερᾷ μὲν οὖν ἐστι 
τοῖς ἀναπλέουσι τὰ ὄρη ταῦτα, ἐν δεξιᾷ δὲ πεδίον 
μέγα καὶ ὑψηλὸν καὶ εὔκαρπον καὶ μεγαλόδενδρον 
καὶ εὔβοτον. ἔχει δὲ καὶ ὁ “Avas ἀνάπλουν," 
οὔτε δὲ τηλικούτοις σκάφεσιν, οὔτ᾽ ἐπὶ τοσοῦτον. 
ὑπέρκειται δὲ καὶ αὐτοῦ ὃ μεταλλείας ἔχοντα ὄρη, 
καθήκει δὲ ταῦτα πρὸς τὸν Τάγον. τὰ μὲν οὖν 
τὰς μεταλλείας ἔχοντα χωρία ἀνάγκη τραχέα τε 
εἶναι καὶ παράλυπρα, οἱώπερ καὶ τὰ τῇ Καρπη- 
τανίᾳ συνάπτοντα, καὶ ἔτι μᾶλλον τοῖς Κελτί- 
βηρσι. τοιαύτη δὲ καὶ ἡ Βαιτουρία, ξηρὰ ἔχουσα 
πεδία τὰ παρήκοντα τῷ Ανᾳ. 


2 Κασταλῶνος, Kramer, for Κλαστῶνος. 
2 6”Avas ἀνάπλουν, Kramer, from the conj. of Casaubon, 


for 7idvas 6 ἀνάπλους ; editors following. 
3 αὐτοῦ (τοῦ, AC, τά, B/), Meineke. 


1 Cotinae is not elsewhere referred to, and cannot be 


24 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 3 


the farms are fully improved with groves and gardens 
of the various plants. Now, up to Hispalis, the 
river is navigable for merchant-vessels of consider- 
able size, that is, for a distance not much short of 
five hundred stadia; to the cities higher up the 
stream as far as Ilipa, for the smaller merchant 
vessels; and, as far as Corduba, for the river-boats 
(at the present time these are builded boats, whereas 
in antiquity they were merely dugout canoes); but 
above Corduba, in the direction of Castalo, the river 
is not navigable. On the north, there are some 
mountain-ridges which extend parallel to the river, 
approaching it closely, sometimes more so, sometimes 
less, and they are full of mines. Silver, however, is 
the most plentiful in the regions about [lipa, and 
in those about Sisapo—I mean what is called the 
Old Sisapo as well as the New Sisapo; and at the 
place called Cotinae! both copper and gold are 
mined at the same time. Now on your left, as you 
sail up the river, are these mountains, while on your 
right is a large plain, high, very productive, with 
lofty trees, and affording good pasturage. The Anas 
also is navigable, though neither for such large 
vessels nor for so great a distance. Beyond the 
Anas, too, lie mountains that contain ores, and these 
mountains reach down to the Tagus River. Now 
the regions which contain ores are necessarily rugged 
as well as rather poor in soil, precisely as are the 
regions that join Carpetania, and still more so those 
that join Celtiberia. And such is the nature of 
Baeturia also, which contains arid plains that stretch 
along the Anas. 


identified. Du Thiel conjectures Constantia, about twenty 
miles from Almaden. 


Ζ5 


C 148 


STRABO 


\ / A 
4. Αὐτὴ δ᾽ ἡ Toupdntavia θαυμαστῶς εὐτυχεῖ" 
ld ᾽ BA 3 a e ΄ Ν Ἁ 
παμφόρου δ᾽ οὔσης αὐτῆς, ὡσαύτως δὲ καὶ πολυ- 
, Ν a an 
φόρου, διπλασιάζεται τὰ εὐτυχήματα ταῦτα τῷ 
lal \ a an la} 
ἐκκομισμῷ" TO γὰρ περιττεῦον τῶν καρπῶν 
“ / A , A lal 
ἀπεμπολεῖται ῥᾳδίως τῷ πλήθει τῶν ναυκληριῶν. 
a la) / 
ποιοῦσι δὲ τοῦτο οἵ τε ποταμοὶ καὶ αἱ ἀναχύσεις, 
ὡς εἶπον, ἐμφερεῖς τοῖς ποταμοῖς οὗσαι καὶ ἀνα- 
/ / n 
πλεόμεναι παραπλησίως ἐκ θαλάττης οὐ μικροῖς 
, > x \ / / ’ \ > A 
μόνον, ἀλλὰ καὶ μεγάλοις σκάφεσιν εἰς TAS ἐν TH 
, / \ 
μεσογαίᾳ πόλεις. ἅπασα yap ἐστι πεδιὰς ἡ ὑπὲρ 
al \ n \ an n 
τῆς παραλίας ἐπὶ πολὺ τῆς μεταξὺ τοῦ τε Lepov 
b) / \ Ss n b) 00 δὲ a 
ὠκρωτηρίου καὶ YTHAWV. EVTAVOA ὃὲ πολλαχοῦ 
κοιλάδες εἰς τὴν μεσόγαιαν ἐκ τῆς θαλάττης ἀνέ- 
Ζ \ / a 
χουσι, φάραγξι μετρίαις ἢ Kal ῥείθροις ἐοικυΐῖαι 
ig 
ποταμίοις, ἐκτεταμέναι ἐπὶ πολλοὺς σταδίους" 
4 Ν a Ὁ a , >. / 
ταύτας δὲ πληροῦσιν αἱ τῆς θαλάττης ἐπιβάσεις 
Ν \ , e > 3 n \ 
κατὰ TAS πλημμυρίδας, WaT ἀναπλεῖσθαι μηδὲν 
Ka x \ ὧν > NX \ 7 a 
ἧττον ἢ τοὺς ποταμούς, AANA Kal βέλτιον" τοῖς 
n / / 
yap κατάπλοις ἔοικε τοῖς ποταμίοις, ἀντικόπτον- 
τος μὲν οὐδενός, ἐπουρίζοντος δὲ τοῦ πελάγους 
κι Ἀ \ 
καθάπερ τοῦ ποταμίου ῥεύματος διὰ THY πλημμυ- 
,ὔ c re | / / 2.2 2 “ ἊΠ 
ρίδα. αἱ δ᾽ ἐπιβάσεις μείζους εἰσὶν ἐνταῦθα ἢ ἐν 
a ¢ 2 [A 
τοῖς ἄλλοις τόποις, OTL εἰς πόρον συνωθουμένη 
\ e / b) / ΄ ἃ € 
στενὸν ἡ θάλαττα ἐκ μεγάλου πελάγους, ὃν ἡ 
n Ἂς 3 Te \ 
Mavpovoia ποιεῖ πρὸς τὴν ᾿Ιβηρίαν, ἀνακοπὰς 
U \ sy i 7 na 
λαμβάνει, καὶ φέρεται πρὸς τὰ εἴκοντα μέρη τῆς 
μ 
A 2 la " \ S an 7 Ἂ 
γῆς εὐπετῶς. ἔνιαι μὲν οὖν τῶν τοιούτων κοι- 
ἴω \ / x >) 
λάδων κενοῦνται KATA τὰς ἀμπώτεις, τινὰς δ᾽ οὐ 
\ \ / 
παντάπασιν ἐπιλείπει TO ὕδωρ, ἔνιαι δὲ καὶ νήσους 
26 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 4 


4, Turdetania itself is marvellously blessed by 
nature; and while it produces all things, and 
likewise great quantities of them, these blessings 
are doubled by the facilities of exportation ; for its 
surplus products are bartered off with ease because 
of the large number of the merchant vessels. This 
is made possible by the rivers, and by the estuaries 
as well, which, as I have said,! resemble rivers, 
and, like rivers, are navigable inland from the sea, 
not only for small boats but also for large ones, to 
the cities of the interior. For the whole country 
beyond the seaboard that lies between the Sacred 
Cape and the Pillars is a plain for a considerable 
distance inland. And here, at a large number of 
places, are inlets which run up from the sea into the 
interior, resembling moderate-sized ravines or simply 
river-beds, and extending for many stadia ; and these 
inlets are filled by the overflows of the sea at the 
flood-tides, so that one can sail inland thereon as 
readily as on the rivers—in fact, better, for it is like 
sailing down the rivers, not only because there is 
no opposing current, but because, on account of the 
flood-tide, the sea wafts you onwards just as the 
river-current does. And the overflows are greater 
on this coast than in the other regions, because the 
sea, coming from the great ocean, is compressed into 
the narrow strait which Maurusia forms with Iberia, 
there meets resistance, and then easily rushes to 
those parts of the land that yield to it. Now, while 
a number of the inlets of this kind are emptied at 
the ebb-tides (though some of them do not become 
wholly dry), yet a number of them enclose islands 


ΣΟ ΘΙ Τ:0; 
27 


STRABO 


ἀπολαμβάνουσιν ἐν ἑαυταῖς. τοιαῦται μὲν οὖν 
εἰσιν αἱ ἀναχύσεις αἱ μεταξὺ τοῦ τε lepod ἀκρω- 
τηρίου καὶ τῶν Στηλῶν, ἐπίδοσιν ἔ ἔχουσαι σφοδρο- 
τέραν παρὰ τὰς ἐν τοῖς ἄλλοις τόποις" ἡ τοιαύτη 
δ᾽ ἐπίδοσις ἔχει μέν τι καὶ πλεονέκτημα πρὸς τὰς 
χρείας τῶν πλοϊζομένων' πλείους γὰρ καὶ μείζους 
ποιεῖ τὰς ἀναχύσεις, πολλάκις καὶ ἐπὶ ὀκτὼ στα- 
δίους ἀναπλεομένας, ὥστε τρόπον τινὰ πᾶσαν 
πλωτὴν παρέχεται τὴν γῆν καὶ εὐπετῇ πρός τε 
τὰς ἐξαγωγὰς τῶν φορτίων καὶ τὰς ᾿εἰσαγωγάς. 
ἔχει δέ τι καὶ ὀχληρόν' αἱ γὰρ ἐν τοῖς ποταμοῖς 
ναυτιλίαι 1 διὰ τὴν σφοδρότητα τῆς πλημμυρίδος 
ἰσχυρότερον τῇ ῥύσει" τῶν ποταμῶν ἀντιπνέ- 
ovcav® κίνδυνον οὐ μικρὸν ταῖς ναυκληρίαις ἐπι- 
φέρουσι, κατακομιζομέναις τε ὁμοίως καὶ ἀνακο- 
μιξομέναις. αἱ δὲ ἀμπώτεις ἐν ταῖς ἀναχύσεσίν 
εἰσι βλαβεραί: ταῖς γὰρ πλημμυρίσιν ἀνὰ λόγον 
καὶ αὐταὶ παροξύνονται, διά τε τὸ τάχος καὶ ἐπὶ 
ξηρᾶς πολλάκις ἐγκατέλιπον τὴν ναῦν. τά τε 
βοσκήματα εἰς τὰς νήσους διαβαίνοντα τὰς πρὸ 
τῶν ποταμῶν ἢ“ πρὸ τῶν ἀναχύσεων τοτὲ μὲν 
οὖν καὶ ἐπεκλύσθη, τοτὲ δὲ ἀπελήφθη, βιαζόμενα 
δ᾽ ἐπανελθεῖν οὐκ ἴσχυσεν, ἀλλὰ διεφθάρη: τὰς 
δὲ βοῦς φασι καὶ τετηρηκυίας τὸ συμβαῖνον περι- 
μένειν τὴν ἀναχώρησιν τῆς θαλάττης, καὶ τότε 
ἀπαίρειν εἰς τὴν ἤπειρον. 

5. Καταμαθόντες δ᾽ οὖν τὴν φύσιν τῶν τόπων 


ai, before διά, Corais deletes. 

ῥύσει, Siebenkees, for φύσει; : so subsequent editors. 
ἀντιπνέουσαν, Corais, for ἀντιπνέουσαι; so Kramer, For- 
r, and Meineke. 


1 
2 
3 

bige 
4 4, Jones inserts. 


ee) 


2 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 4-5 


within themselves. Such, then, are the estuaries 
between the Sacred Cape and the Pillars, for they 
have an excessive rise of tide as compared with those 
in the other regions. A rise of tide like this affords 
a certain advantage to be utilised by sailors, namely, 
the estuaries are made more numerous and larger, 
oftentimes being navigable even for a distance of 
eight! stadia; so that, after a fashion, it renders 
the whole country navigable and convenient both 
for exporting and importing merchandise. And yet 
it also affords a certain annoyance; for, on account 
of the vehemence of the flood-tides, which press 
with superior force against the current of the 
rivers, navigation on the rivers is attended by no 
small danger to the vessels, alike in their descent 
and ascent. But in the case of the estuaries the 
ebb-tides too are harmful; for the ebb-tides too 
grow violent in proportion to the strength of the 
flood-tides, and on account of their swiftness have 
oftentimes even left the ship stranded on dry land. 
Again, the cattle which cross over to the islands 
that lie off the rivers or the estuaries have at times 
actually been engulfed; at other times they have 
merely been cut off, and in their struggle to get 
back to the land lacked the strength to do so, and 
perished. But the cows, they say, are by observa- 
tion actually aware of what happens, wait for the 
retirement of the sea, and then make off for the 
mainland. 

5. At any rate, it was because the people had 


1 <*Hight,” the reading of the MSS. cannot be right 
(cf. 3. 3. 1). Penzel, followed by Corais, proposes eight 
hundred, and Groskurd, followed by Forbiger and Tardieu, 
proposes one hundred. 


29 


C 144 


STRABO 


Ὁ. ἣν ᾽ὔ ; A 
οἱ ἄνθρωποι καὶ τὰς ἀναχύσεις ὁμοίως ὑπουργεῖν 
A A 7 7 ᾽ an 
τοῖς ποταμοῖς δυναμένας πόλεις ἔκτισαν ET αὐτῶν 

/ VA A an 
Kal ἄλλας κατοικίας, καθάπερ ἐπὶ τῶν ποταμῶν. 
7 
τούτων δ᾽ ἐστὶν ἥ τε Acta καὶ Νάβρισσα cal Ovo- 
᾽ 
βα καὶ Οσσόνοβα καὶ Μαίνοβα καὶ ἄλλαι πλείους. 
St Ν \ , ” 2 oe. 
προσλαμβάνουσι δὲ καὶ διώρυγες ἔσθ᾽ ὅπου yeyo- 
- fal / 3 \ , \ 
vuial τῷ πολλαχόθεν εἶναι καὶ TOANAKOTE τὴν KO- 
ὃ) \ Ν > / \ Ν \ Νὴ ἣ ς 
μιδὴν καὶ πρὸς ἀλλήλους καὶ πρὸς τοὺς ἔξω. καὶ AL 
U4 Nee 7 > A N \ 3 \ \ 
σύρροιαι δὲ ὡσαύτως ὠφελοῦσι KATA TAS ἐπὶ πολὺ 
/ / aA / >] n 
πλήμας, διαχεομένας ἐπὶ 1 τῶν διειργόντων ἰσθμῶν 
/ (! 
τοὺς πόρους Kal πλωτοὺς ἀπεργαζομένας,2 ὥστε 
πορθμεύεσθαι καὶ ἐκ τῶν ποταμῶν εἰς τὰς ἀνα- 
r an Ys \ 
χύσεις κἀκεῖθεν δεῦρο. ἅπασα δ᾽ ἡ ἐμπορία πρὸς 
\ 3 ’ὔ 2 \ \ \ 4 , ” \ 
τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν ἐστὶ καὶ τὴν Ῥώμην, ἔχουσα Tov 
fal Ψ an a 3 Ie \ » vd 
πλοῦν μέχρι τῶν Στηλῶν ἀγαθόν, πλὴν εἴ τίς 
Ν \ 
ἐστι περὶ τὸν πορθμὸν δυσκολία, Kal τὸν πε- 
“ val \ \ 
λάγιον Tov ἐν TH καθ᾽ ἡμᾶς θαλάττῃ. διὰ yap 
εὐδίου κλίματος οἱ δρόμοι συντελοῦνται, καὶ μά- 
λ τῷ πελαγίζοντι' τοῦτο δὲ πρόσφορόν ἐστι 
ἰιστα τῷ πελαγίξοντι' τοῦτο πρόσφορόν 
a > a ς U 7 \ \ » 
ταῖς ἐμπορικαῖς ὁλκάσιν. ἔχουσι δὲ καὶ οἱ ἄνεμοι 
A V4 
τάξιν ol πελάγιοι. πρόσεστι δὲ καὶ ἡ νῦν εἰρήνη, 
n , iA fa 
TOV λῃστηρίων καταλυθέντων, ὥσθ᾽ ἡ σύμπασα 
ς ,ὔ ς , an ον 7 3/ » / 
ὑπάρχει ῥᾳστώνη τοῖς πλοϊζομένοις. ἴδιον δέ τί 
φησι ἸΠοσειδώνιος τηρῆσαι κατὰ τὸν ἀνάπλουν 
\ 2 a 3 / v4 € S ᾽ 9 a \ 
τὸν ἐκ τῆς Ἰβηρίας, ὅτι οἱ Etpot nat ἐκεῖνο τὸ 
, Ψ A Σ ἢ , 5) [AS 
πέλαγος ἕως τοῦ Lapdwov κόλπου πνέοιεν ἐτησίαι 
1 διαχεομένας ἐπί, Meineke, for διειργομένας ὑπό; Forbiger, 


and Tardieu, following. 
2 καὶ πλωτοὺς ἀπεργαζομένας, Meineke, and Miiller-Diibner, 


30 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. ς 


learned the character of these regions and that the 
estuaries could subserve the same purpose as the 
rivers, that they built cities and other settlements on 
their banks, just as on the rivers. Among these cities 
are Asta, Nabrissa, Onoba, Ossonoba, Maenoba, and 
several others. Again, canals that have been dug in 
a number of places are an additional aid, since many 
are the points thereon from which and to which 
the people carry on their traffic, not only with 
one another but also with the outside world. And 
further, the meetings of the waters when the flood- 
tides reach far inland are likewise helpful, for the 
waters pour across over the isthmuses that separate 
the waterways, thus rendering the isthmuses navigable 
also; so that one can cross over by boat from the 
rivers into the estuaries and from the estuaries into 
the rivers. But all the foreign trade of the country 
is carried on with Italy and Rome, since the voyage as 
far as the Pillars is good, except, perhaps, for a certain 
difficulty in passing the strait, and also the voyage 
on the high seas of Our Sea. For the sea-routes 
all pass through a zone of fair weather, particularly 
if the sailor keeps to the high seas; and this fact 
is advantageous to the merchant-freighters. And 
further, the winds on the high seas are regular. 
Added to that, too, is the present peace, because all 
piracy has been broken up, and hence the sailors feel 
wholly at ease. Poseidonius says that he observed a 
peculiar circumstance on his return voyage from 
Iberia, namely, that the east winds on that sea, as 
far as the Gulf of Sardinia, blew at a fixed time each 


for kal πλωτὸν ἀπεργαζομένων (ABC) and πλωτοὺς ἀπεργαζόμεναι 


1). 
21 


STRABO 


διὸ καὶ τρισὶ μησὶν εἰς ᾿Ιταλίαν κατᾶραι μόλις 
παραδιενεχθεὶς περί τε τὰς Γυμνησίας νήσους 
καὶ περὶ Σαρδόνα καὶ τὰ ἄλλα ἀπαντικρὺ τούτων 
μέρη τῆς Λιβύης. 

6. ᾿Εξάγεται δ᾽ ἐκ τῆς Τουρδητανίας σιτός τε 
καὶ οἶνος πολὺς καὶ ἔλαιον οὐ πολὺ μόνον, ἀχλὰ 
καὶ κάλλιστον" καὶ κηρὸς δὲ καὶ μέλι καὶ πίττα 
ἐξάγεται καὶ κόκκος πολλὴ καὶ μίλτος οὐ χείρων 
τῆς Σινωπικῆς γῆς τά τε ναυπήγια. συνιστᾶσιν 
αὐτόθι ἐξ ἐπιχωρίας ὕλης, ἅλες τε ὀρυκτοὶ παρ᾽ 
αὐτοῖς εἰσι καὶ ποταμῶν ἁλμυρῶν ῥεύματα οὐκ 
ὀλίγα, οὐκ ὀλίγη δὲ οὐδὲ ἐκ τῶν ὄψων ταριχεία 
οὐκ ἔνθεν μόνον, ἀλλὰ καὶ ἐκ τῆς ἄλλης τῆς ἐκτὸς 
Στηλῶν παραλίας, οὐ χείρων τῆς Ποντικῆς. πολλὴ 
δὲ καὶ ἐσθὴς πρότερον ἤρχετο, νῦν δὲ ἔρια μᾶλλον 
τῶν κοραξῶν. καὶ ὑπερβολή τίς ἐστι τοῦ κάλ- 
λους" ταλαντιαίους γοῦν ὠνοῦνται τοὺς κριοὺς εἰς 
τὰς ὀχείας. ὑπερβολὴ δὲ καὶ τῶν λεπτῶν ὑφα- 
σμάτων, ἅπερ οἱ Σαλακιῆται 3 κατασκευάζουσιν. 
ἄφθονος δὲ καὶ βοσκημάτων ἀφθονία παντοίων 
καὶ κυνηγεσίων. τῶν δ᾽ ὀλεθρίων θηρίων σπάνις 
πλὴν τῶν γεωρύχων λαγιδέων, ods ἔνιοι λεβηρίδας 
προσαγορεύουσι: λυμαίνονται γὰρ καὶ φυτὰ καὶ 

1 παραδιενεχθείς, Kramer, for γὰρ διενεχθείς ; so Meineke. 


2 Σαλακιῆται, Harduin, for Σαλτιῆται; so Groskurd, For- 
biger, Tardieu, and C. Miiller. Ἶ 

1 Poseidonius was near enough to Libya on this trip to see 
a number of apes on the shore (17. 3. 4). 

2 A crimson dye-stuff obtained from the dried bodies of 
the female scale-insects of the genus Kermes tlicis. The 
species referred to by Strabo feeds on the Quercus coccifera, 
a dwarf-oak, and is very common in the Mediterranean 
countries. 


32 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. ς- 6 


year; and that this was why he barely reached Italy 
even in three months; for he was driven out of his 
course in both directions, not only near to the Gym- 
nesian Islands and Sardinia, but also to the different 
parts of Libya! opposite to these islands. 

6. There are exported from Turdetania large 
quantities of grain and wine, and also olive oil, not 
only in large quantities, but also of best quality. 
And further, wax, honey, and pitch are exported 
from there, and large quantities of kermes,? and 
ruddle* which is not inferior to the Sinopean 
earth. And they build their ships there out of 
native timber; and they have salt quarries in their 
country, and not a few streams of salt water; and 
not unimportant, either, is the fish-salting industry 
that is carried on, not only from this county, but also 
from the rest of the seaboard outside the Pillars; 
and the product is not inferior to that of the Pontus. 
Formerly much cloth came from Turdetania, but 
now, wool, rather of the raven-black sort. And it 
is surpassingly beautiful; at all events, the rams are 
bought for breeding purposes at a talent apiece. 
Surpassing, too, are the delicate fabrics which are 
woven by the people of Salacia.© Turdetania also 
has a great abundance of cattle of all kinds, and of 
game. But there are scarcely any destructive animals, 
except the burrowing hares, by some called “peelers’’; 
for they damage both plants and seeds by eating the 


3 As in 12. 2. 10, Strabo uses “" miltos” (‘‘ ruddle’’) as a 
general term in comparing, as sources of dyes, Spanish cinna- 
bar (red mercuric sulphide) and Sinopean ‘‘ red earth.” 

4 Up. 12. 8. 10. 

5 Alcacer-do-Sal. Pliny (Nat. Hist. 8. 73) also refers to 
the fabrics woven in this Lusitanian town. 


VOL, Il. D 


C 145 


STRABO 


σπέρματα ῥιζοφαγοῦντες" καὶ τοῦτο συμβαίνει 
καθ᾽ ὅλην τὴν Ἰβηρίαν σχεδόν, διατείνει δὲ καὶ 
μέχρι Μασσαλίας, ὀχλεῖ δὲ καὶ τὰς νήσους: οἱ δὲ 
τὰς Γ υμνησίας οἰκοῦντες λέγονται πρεσβεύσασθαί 
ποτε πρὸς Ῥωμαίους κατὰ χώρας αἴτησιν" ἐκβάλ- 
λεσθαι γὰρ ὑπὸ τῶν ζῴων τούτων, ἀντέχειν μὴ 
δυνάμενοι διὰ τὸ πλῆθος. πρὸς μὲν οὖν τὸν 
τοσοῦτον ἴσως πόλεμον, ὃς οὐκ ἀεὶ συμβαίνει, 
φθορᾷ 1 δέ τινι λοιμικῇ, καθάπερ ὄφεων καὶ μυῶν 
τῶν ἀρουραίων, χρεία τῆς τοσαύτης ἐπικουρίας, 
πρὸς δὲ τὸ μέτριον ἐξεύρηνται πλείους θῆραι" καὶ 
δὴ καὶ γαλᾶς ἀγρίας, ἃς ἡ Λιβύη φέρει, τρέφουσιν 
προς ἃς φιμώσαντες “παριᾶσιν εἰς τὰς ὀπάς" 

ὃ δ᾽ ἐξέλκουσιν ἔξω τοῖς ὄνυξιν, ods ἂν κατα- 
ἀρ" ἢ φεύγειν ἀναγκάζουσιν εἰς τὴν ἐπι- 
φάνειαν, ἐκπεσόντας δὲ θηρεύουσιν οἱ ἐφεστῶτες. 
τὴν δὲ ἀφθονίαν τῶν ἐκκομιζομένων ἐκ τῆς Τουρ- 
δητανίας ἐμφανίζει τὸ μέγεθος καὶ τὸ πλῆθος 
τῶν ναυκληρίων' ὁλκάδες γὰρ μέγισται παρὰ 
τούτων πλέουσιν εἰς Δικαιαρχείαν καὶ τὰ Ὥστια, 
τῆς Ῥώμης ἐπίνειον τὸ δὲ πλῆθος μικροῦ δεῖν 
ἐνάμιλλον τοῖς Λιβυκοῖς." 

7. Τοιαύτης δὲ τῆς μεσογαίας οὔσης τῆς ἐν τῇ 
Τουρδητανίᾳ, καὶ τὴν παράλιον ἐνάμιλλον εὕροι 
τις ἂν τοῖς ἐκ θαλάττης ἀγαθοῖς. Ta τε yap 
ὀστρεώδη πάντα καὶ κογχοειδῆ καὶ τοῖς πλήθεσιν 
ὑπερβάλλει καὶ τοῖς μεγέθεσι καθόλου κατὰ τὴν 
ἔξω θάλατταν πᾶσαν, ἐνταῦθα δὲ διαφερόντως, 


1 φθορᾷ, Jones, for φθόρον. Meineke, Forbiger and others 
emend to φορᾷ. Cp. Aristotle, Hist. An. 6. 37 (μνῶν... 
ἢ φθορά). 


34 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 6-7 


roots. This pest occurs throughout almost the whole 
of Iberia, and extends even as far as Massilia, and 
infests the islands as well. The inhabitants of the 
Gymnesian Islands, it is said, once sent an embassy 
to Rome to ask for a new place of abode, for they 
were being driven out by these animals, because 
they could not hold out against them on account of 
their great numbers. Now perhaps such a remedy 
is needed against so great a warfare (which is not 
always the case, but only ‘when there is some de- 
structive plague like that of snakes or field-mice),! 
but, against the moderate pest, several methods of 
hunting have been discovered ; more than that, they 
make a point of breeding Libyan ferrets, which they 
muzzle and send into the holes. The ferrets with their 
claws drag outside all the rabbits they catch, or else 
force them to flee into the open, where men, stationed 
at the hole, catch them as they are driven out. The 
abundance of the exports of ‘Turdetania is indicated 
by the size and the number of the ships ; for merchant- 
men of the greatest size sail from this country to 
Dicaearchia, and to Ostia, the seaport of Rome; and 
their number very nearly rivals that of the Libyan 
ships. 

7. Although the interior of Turdetania is so pro- 
ductive, it will be found that the seaboard vies with 
it in its goodly products from the sea. For the 
various kinds of oysters as well as mussels are in 
general surpassing, both in their number and in their 
size, along the whole of the exterior sea; but 


1 See 3. 4. 18. and foot-note. 


2 ἐκπολλαπλασιασιος, after Διβυκοῖς, deleted by 7; and so 
the editors in general. 


35 


STRABO 


A A 1 , 
ἅτε καὶ TOV πλημμυρίδων Kal τῶν ἀμπώτεων 
‘a ἃ / > \ na 
ἐνταῦθα αὐξομένων, ἃς εἰκὸς αἰτίας εἷναι καὶ τοῦ 
a \ / 
πλήθους Kal Tod μεγέθους διὰ THY γυμνασίαν. 
[2 ’ aA 
ὡς δ᾽ αὕτως ἔχει Kal περὶ τῶν κητέων ἁπάντων, 
n Ka 
ὀρύγων τε Kal φαλαινῶν καὶ φυσητήρων, ὧν ava- 
/ , UA 
φυσησάντων φαίνεταί τις νεφώδους ὄψις κίονος 
n / A Υ' Ν 
τοῖς πόρρωθεν ἀφορῶσι" καὶ οἱ γόγγροι δὲ ἀπο- 
“ ἴω ’ aA / 
θηριοῦνται, πολὺ τῶν Trap ἡμῖν ὑπερβεβλημένοι 
Ἂ , , 
κατὰ τὸ μέγεθος, καὶ ai σμύραιναι καὶ ἄλλα πλείω 
cal / / 
τῶν τοιούτων ὄψων. ἐν δὲ Καρτηίᾳ κήρυκας 
/ \ - if Ρ] \ “ 
δεκακοτύλους καὶ πορφύρας φασίν: ἐν δὲ τοῖς 
/ 7 A 
ἐξωτέροις τόποις καὶ μείζους ὀγδοήκοντα μνῶν 
4 \ / n \ 
τὴν σμύραιναν Kal τὸν γόγγρον, ταλαντιαῖον δὲ 
\ / 7 \ \ le \ MS 
τὸν πολύποδα, διπήχεις δὲ τὰς τευθίδας Kal τὰ 
f, x δὲ ΧΕ θύ ἡ 
παραπλήσια. πολὺς 0€ καὶο θύννος συνελαύνεται 
na fal a / 
δεῦρο ἀπὸ τῆς ἄλλης; τῆς ἔξωθεν παραλίας 3 
, Ἂν ΄ / \ / ef 
πίων Kal παχύς. τρέφεται de βαλάνῳ δρυΐνῃ 
an / \ 
φυομένῃ κατὰ τῆς θαλάττης χαμαιζήλῳ τινὶ παν- 
7 ’ 
τάπασιν, ἁδρότατον δ᾽ ἐκφερούσῃ καρπόν. ἥπερ 
\ 9 an A 4 \ \ \ 3 Ἂ 
καὶ ἐν τῇ γῆ φύεται πολλὴ κατὰ τὴν Ιβηρίαν, 
Crs. \ by ie Le XN ὕω ’ 
ῥίζας μὲν ἔχουσα μεγάλας ὡς ἂν τελείας δρυός, 
ἐξαιρομένη δὲ θάμνου ταπεινῆς ἧττον: τοσοῦτον 
ἣν 
δ᾽ ἐκφέρει καρπόν, ὥστε μετὰ τὴν ἀκμὴν πλήρη 
/ \ 
τὴν παραλίαν εἶναι THY τε ἐντὸς Kal THY ἐκτὸς 
1 ἄλλης, Kramer, for ἀλέης ; so generally the editors. 
Casaubon reads ἀλέης, Groskurd, ἀλέας. Probably the con- 
text should be emended to suit ἀλέας (cp. Aristotle, Hist. 
An. 8. 19, and Athenaeus 7. 63, 301 1). 
* παραλίας, Casaubon, for παλαιᾶς ; so all editors. 


3 Apparently βαλάνου has fallen out after παραλίαν. 
Groskurd, Forbiger, and Meineke so read. 


36 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2.7 


especially so here, inasmuch as the flood-tides and 
the ebb-tides have increased power here, and these 
tides, it is reasonable to suppose, are, on account of 
the exercise they give, responsible both for the 
number and the size of them. So it is, in the same 
way, with respect to all the cetaceans: narwhals, 
“phalaenae’’! and spouting-whales; when these 
spout, the distant observer seems to see a cloud- 
like pillar. And further, the conger-eels become 
monsters, far exceeding in size those of Our Sea; 
and so do the lampreys and several other edible fish 
of the kind. And at Carteia, it is said, there are 
shells of trumpet-fish and purple-fish which hold ten 
cotylae,? and in the regions farther out to sea the 
lamprey and the conger-eel weigh even more than 
eighty minae,’ the sea-polypus a talent,‘ the cuttle- 
fish are two cubits long—and other things in like 
proportion. Again, large numbers of plump, fat 
tunny-fish congregate hither from the other coast, 
namely, that outside the Pillars. And they feed on 
the acorns of a certain very stunted oak that grows 
at the bottom of the sea and produces very large 
fruit.» This oak also grows in abundance on the dry 
land, in Iberia; and although its roots are large like 
those of a full-grown oak, yet it does not grow as 
high as a low bush. But the sea-oak brings forth so 
much fruit that, after the ripening, the seacoast, 


1 The typical genus of whalebone whales called by the 
Romans ‘‘balaenae,” which is the term still used by 
zoologists. 2 About five pints. 

3 About eighty pounds. 4 About sixty pounds. 

® Apparently the Quercus coccifera (see note on ‘‘ Kermes ” 
3. 1.6.) is meant, but so far as is known no shrub or tree-like 
plant grows in salt water. 


37 


C 146 


STRABO 


Στηλῶν, ἣν ἐκβάλλουσιν αἱ πλῆμαι" ἡ δ᾽ ἐντὸς 
Στηλῶν ἐλάττων ἀεὶ καὶ μᾶλλον εὑρίσκεται. "λέγει 
δ᾽ ὁ Πολύβιος καὶ μέχρι τῆς Λατίνης ἐκπίπτειν 
τὴν βάλανον ταύτην, εἰ μὴ ἄρα, φησί, καὶ ἡ Σαρδὼ 
φέρει καὶ ἡ πλησιόχωρος ταύτῃ. καὶ οἱ θύννοι 
δ᾽ ὅσῳ πλέον συνεγγίζουσι ταῖς Στήλαις ἔξωθεν 
φερόμενοι, τοσῷδ᾽ ἰσχναίνονται πλέον, τῆς τροφῆς 
ἐπιλειπούσης: εἶναί τε ἄρα3 θαλάττιον ὗν τὸ 
ζῷον τοῦτο" ἥδεσθαι γὰρ τῇ βαλάνῳ καὶ πιαίνε- 
σθαι διαφερόντως ἀπ᾽ αὐτῆς, φορᾶς τε τῆς βαλάνου 
γενομένης, φορὰν καὶ τῶν θύννων εἶναι. 

8. Τοσούτοις δὲ τῆς προειρημένης χώρας ἀγα- 
θοῖς κεχορηγημένης, οὐχ ἥκιστα, ἀλλὰ καὶ μάλιστα 
ἀποδέξαιτ᾽ ἄν τις καὶ θαυμάσειε τὸ περὶ τὰς 
μεταλλείας εὐφυές" ἅπασα μὲν γὰρ μεστὴ τῶν 
τοιούτων ἐστὶν ἡ τῶν ᾿Ιβήρων χώρα, οὐ πᾶσα 
εὔκαρπος οὐδ᾽ εὐδαίμων οὕτως, καὶ μάλιστα ἡ 
τῶν μετάλλων εὐποροῦσα. σπάνιον δ᾽ ἐν ἀμφο- 
τέροις εὐτυχεῖν σπάνιον δὲ καὶ τὸ τὴν αὐτὴν ἐν 
ὀλίγῳ χωρίῳ παντοίοις πληθύνειν μετάλλοις. ἡ 
δὲ 5 Toupdntavia καὶ ἡ προσεχὴς αὐτῇ λόγον οὐ- 
δένα ἄξιον καταλείπει περὶ τήνδε τὴν ἀρετὴν τοῖς 
ἐπαινεῖν βουλομένοις. οὔτε γὰρ χρυσός, οὔτ᾽ * 
ἄργυρος, οὐδὲ δὴ χαλκός, οὐδὲ σίδηρος οὐδαμοῦ τῆς 
γῆς οὔτε τοσοῦτος οὔθ᾽ οὕτως ἀγαθὸς ἐξήτασται 
γεννώμενος μέχρι νῦν. ὁ δὲ χρυσὸς οὐ μεταλ- 
λεύεται μόνον, ἀλλὰ καὶ σύρεται' καταφέρουσι 
δ᾽ οἱ ποταμοὶ καὶ οἱ χείμαρροι τὴν χρυσῖτιν ἄμ- 


1 πλέον, Corais, for πλεῖον; Kramer, and Meineke, 


following. 2 re &pa, Tyrwhitt, for παρά. 
3 δέ, for re; so the old reading (before Kramer), and so 
Meineke. 4 οὔτ᾽, Jones, for οὐκ. 


28 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 7-8 


both inside and outside the Pillars, is covered with 
the acorns, for they are cast ashore by the tides. 
However, those inside the Pillars are always smaller, 
and are to be found in greater quantities. Polybius 
tells us that the sea casts these acorns ashore even 
as far as Latium, unless perhaps, says he, also Sar- 
dinia and the neighbouring land produce them. 
And further, the nearer the tunny-fish approach the 
Pillars, in coming from the exterior sea, the leaner 
they become, since their food fails them. This 
creature, says Polybius, is therefore a sea-hog, for it 
is fond of the acorn and gets exceedingly fat on it; 
and whenever the sea-oak has produced a large crop 
of acorns, there is also a large crop of tunny-fish. 

8. Now, although the aforesaid country has been 
endowed with so many good things, still one might 
welcome and admire, not least of all, but even most 
of all, its natural richness in metals. For the whole 
country of the Iberians is full of metals, although not 
all of it is so rich in fruit, or so fertile either, and in 
particular that part of it which is well supplied with 
metals. It is rare for a country to be fortunate in 
both respects, and it is also rare for the same country 
to have within a small area an abundance of all kinds 
of metals. But as for Turdetania and the territory 
adjoining it, there is no worthy word of praise left to 
him who wishes to praise their excellence in this 
respect. Up to the present moment, in fact, neither 
gold, nor silver, nor yet copper, nor iron, has been 
found anywhere in the world, in a natural state, 
either in such quantity or of such good quality. And 
the gold is not only mined, but is also washed down ; 
that is, the gold-bearing sand is carried down by the 
rivers and the torrents, although it is often found in 


39 


STRABO 


μον, πολλαχοῦ καὶ ἐν τοῖς ἀνύδροις, τόποις οὖσαν, 
ἀλλ᾽ ἐκεῖ μὲν ἀφανής ἐστιν, ἐν δὲ τοῖς ἐπικλύστοις 
ἀπολάμπει τὸ τοῦ χρυσοῦ ψῆγμα' καὶ τοὺς ἀνύ- 
δρους δὲ φορητῷ ἐπικλύξοντες ὕδατι στιλπνὸν 
ποιοῦσι τὸ ψῆγμα, καὶ φρέατα δ᾽ ὀρύσσοντες καὶ 
ἄχλας τέχνας ἐπινοοῦντες πλύσει τῆς ἄμμου τὸν 
χρυσὸν ἐκλαμβάνουσι, καὶ πλείω τῶν χρυσωρυ- 
χείων ἐστὶ νῦν τὰ χρυσοπλύσια προσαγορευό- 
μενα. ἀξιοῦσι δὲ Dararas ica! παρ᾽ ἑαυτοῖς εἶναι 
τὰ μέταλλα τά τε" ἐν TO Κεμμένῳ ὄρει καὶ τὰ 
ὑπ᾽ αὐτῇ κείμενα τῇ ἸΠυρήνῃ' τὸ μέντοι πλέον ὃ 
τἀντεῦθεν εὐδοκιμεῖ. ἐν δὲ τοῖς ψήγμασι τοῦ 
χρυσίου φασὶν εὑρίσκεσθαί ποτε καὶ ἡμιλιτριαίας 
βώλους, ἃς καλοῦσι πάλας, μικρᾶς καθάρσεως 
δεομένας. φασὶ δὲ καὶ λίθων ᾿σχιξομένων εὑρί- 
σκειν βωλάρια θηλαῖς ὅμοια" ἐκ δὲ τοῦ χρυσοῦ 
ἑψομένου καὶ καθαιρομένου στυπτηριώδει τινὶ γῇ 
τὸ κάθαρμα ἤλεκτρον εἶναι" πάλιν δὲ τούτου 
καθεψομένου, μῖγμα ἔχοντος ἀργύρου καὶ χρυσοῦ, 
τὸν μὲν ἄργυρον ἀποκαίεσθαι, τὸν δὲ χρυσὸν 
ὑπομένειν" εὐδιάχυτος γὰρ ὁ τύπος καὶ λιθώδης" 
διὰ τοῦτο καὶ τῷ ἀχύρῳ τήκεται μᾶλλον ὁ 0 χρυσός, 
ὅτι ἡ φλόξ, μαλακὴ οὖσα, συμμέτρως ἔχει πρὸς 
τὸ εἶκον καὶ διαχεόμενον ῥᾳδίως, ὁ δὲ ἄνθραξ 
ἐπαναλίσκει πολύ, ὑπερτήκων τῇ σφοδρότητι καὶ 


1 ἴσα, Madvig, for τά. 
2 +a te, before ἐν, the insertion of 7, and the editors. 
3 πλέον, Meineke, for πλεῖον. 


1 The Gauls. See 4. 4. 2. 2 The Cevennes. 
3 Apparently a native Iberian word. Op. Pliny, Nat, Hist, 
33. 21. 


40 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 8 


the waterless districts also; but in these districts it 
cannot be seen, whereas in the flooded districts the 
gold-dust glitters. Besides, they flood the waterless 
districts by conducting water thither, and thus they 
make the gold-dust glitter; and they also get the 
gold out by digging pits, and by inventing other 
means for washing the sand; and the so-called 
“ gold-washeries ’ are now more numerous than the 
gold-mines. The Galatae! hold that their own 
mines, both those in the Cemmenus? Mountains 
and those situated at the foot of the Pyrenees them- 
selves, are equal to those of Turdetania; the metals 
from the latter, however, are held in greater esteem. 
And in the gold-dust, they say, nuggets weighing as 
much as half a pound are sometimes found, which 
are called “palae,’? and they need but little re- 
fining. They further say that when stones are split 
they find in them small nuggets resembling nipples, 
and when the gold is smelted and refined by means 
of a sort of styptic earth* the residuum thereof is 
“electrum ”’ ;° and, again, that when this electrum, 
which contains a mixture of silver and gold, is 
smelted, the silver is burned away, while the gold 
remains. For the alloy-type is easily fused and 
stone-like.6 For this reason, too, the gold is pre- 
ferably melted with chaff-fire, because the flame, on 
account of its softness, is suitable to a substance that 
yields and fuses easily; but the charcoal-fire con- 
sumes much of it because, owing to its intensity, it 


4 Containing alum and vitriol. 

5 Electrum is defined by Pliny (Nat. Hist. 33. 23) as con- 
sisting of one part of silver to four parts of gold. 

δ᾽ In fact, the alloy is more easily fused, and harder, than 
either of the constituent metals, 


41 


C 147 


STRABO : 


ἐξαίρων. ἐν δὲ τοῖς ῥείθροις ' σύρεται καὶ πλύ- 
νεται πλησίον ἐν σκάφαις, ἢ ὀρύττεται φρέαρ, ἡ 
δὲ ἀνενεχθεῖσα γῆ πλύνεται. τὰς δὲ τοῦ ἀργύρου 
καμίνους ποιοῦσιν ὑψηλάς, ὥστε τὴν ἐκ τῶν 
βώλων λιγνὺν μετέωρον ἐξαίρεσθαι' βαρεῖα γάρ 
ἐστι καὶ ὀλέθριος. τῶν δὲ χαλκουργείων τινὰ 
καλεῖται χρυσεῖα, ἐξ ὧν τεκμαίρονται χρυσὸν ἐξ 
αὐτῶν ὀρύττεσθαι πρότερον. 

9, Ποσειδώνιος δέ, τὸ πλῆθος τῶν μετάλλων 
ἐπαινῶν καὶ τὴν ἀρετήν, οὐκ ἀπέχεται τῆς συνή- 
θους ῥητορείας, ἀλλὰ συνενθουσιᾷ ταῖς ὑπερ- 
βολαῖς. οὐ γὰρ ἀπιστεῖν τῷ μύθῳ φησίν, ἃ ὅτι τῶν 
δρυμῶν ποτε ἐμπρησθέντων ἡ γῆ τακεῖσα, ἅτε 
ἀργυρῖτις καὶ χρυσῖτις, εἰς τὴν ἐπιφάνειαν ἐξέζεσε 
διὰ τὸ πᾶν ὄρος καὶ πάντα βουνὸν ὕλην εἶναι 
νομίσματος ὑπό τινὸς ἀφθόνου τύχης σεσωρευ- 
μένην. καθόλου δ᾽ ἂν εἶπε, φησίν, ἰδών τις τοὺς 
τόπους, θησαυροὺς εἶναι φύσεως ἀενάους ἢ τα- 
μιεῖον ἡγεμονίας ἀνέκλειπτον" οὐ γὰρ πλουσία 
μόνον, ἀλλὰ καὶ ὑπόπλουτος ἣν, φησίν, ἡ χώρα, 
καὶ map ἐκείνοις ὡς ἀληθῶς τὸν ὑποχθόνιον τόπον 
οὐχ ὃ “Αδης, ἀλλ᾽ ᾿ Πλούτων κατοικεῖ. τοιαῦτα 
μὲν οὖν ἐν ὡραίῳ ® σχήματι εἴρηκε περὶ τούτων, 
ὡς ἂν ἐκ μετάλλου καὶ αὐτὸς πολλῷ χρώμενος 
τῷ λόγῳ. τὴν δ᾽ ἐπιμέλειαν φράζων τὴν τῶν 
μεταλλευόντων παρατίθησι τὸ τοῦ Φαληρέως, 
ὅτι φησὶν ἐκεῖνος ἐπὶ τῶν ᾿Αττικῶν ἀργυρείων 

1 ῥείθροις, for ἐρύθροις ; a correction of Corais, from a 


conjecture of Casaubon. 
2 ὡραίῳ, for οὐρανῷ (ABC), δραίῳ (1) ; so the editors. 


1 In the word-play here Pluto is identified (as often) with 
Plutus, the god of riches. 


42 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 8-9 


over-melts the gold and carries it off as vapour. The 
soil is carried along in the streams, and is washed near 
by in troughs; or else a pit is dug, and the soil that 
has been accumulated is there washed. They build 
their silver-smelting furnaces with high chimneys, 
so that the gas from the ore may be carried high 
into the air; for it is heavy and deadly. Some of 
the copper-mines are called gold-mines, and from 
this fact it is inferred that in former times gold was 
mined from them. 

9. Poseidonius, in praising the quantity and the 
excellence of these ores, does not abstain from his 
usual rhetorical speech ; indeed, he enthusiastically 
concurs with the extravagant stories told; for ex- 
ample, he does not discredit the story, he says, that, 
when on a time the forests had been burned, the soil, 
since it was composed of silver and gold ores, melted 
and boiled out over the surface, because, as he says, 
every mountain and every hill is bullion heaped up 
there by some prodigal fortune. And, in general, he 
says, anyone who had seen these regions would declare 
that they are everlasting storehouses of nature, or a 
never-failing treasury of an empire. For the country 
was, he adds, not only rich, but also rich down below ; 
and with the Turdetanians it is verily Pluto, and 
not Hades, who inhabits the region down below. 
Such, then, are the flowery utterances of Posei- 
donius on this subject—himself drawing much of 
his language from a mine, as it were. Again, in 
speaking of the industry of the miners, he cites the 
statement of Demetrius of Phalerum. Demetrius, 
he says, states in reference to the Attic silver-mines,? 


2 The silver-mines of Laurium. 


43 


STRABO 


οὕτω συντόνως ὀρύττειν τοὺς ἀνθρώπους, ὡς ἂν 
προσδοκώντων αὐτὸν ἀνάξειν τὸν Πλούτωνα" καὶ 
τούτων οὖν ἐμφανίζει παραπλησίαν τὴν “σπουδὴν 
καὶ τὴν φιλεργίαν, σκολιὰς τεμνόντων καὶ | βαθείας 
τὰς σύριγγας, καὶ πρὸς τοὺς ἐν αὐταῖς ἀπαν- 
τῶντας ποταμοὺς πολλάκις τοῖς Αἰγυπτίοις avav- 
τλούντων ἢ κοχλίαις. τὸν δ᾽ ὅλον 5 οὐ ταὐτὸν 
εἶναι τούτοις ποτε καὶ τοῖς ᾿Αττικοῖς, ἀλλ᾽ ἐκείνους 
μὲν αἰνίγματι ἐοικέναι τὴν μεταλλείαν': ὅσα μὲν 
γὰρ ἀνέλαβον 8 φησίν, οὐκ ἔλαβον, ὅσα δὲ εἶχον, 
ἀπέβαλον" τούτοις δ᾽ ὑπεράγαν λυσιτελῆ, τοῖς 
μὲν χαλκουργοῖς τέταρτον μέρος ἐξάγουσι τῆς 
γῆς τὸν χαλκόν, τῶν δ᾽ ἀργυρευόντων τισὶν 4 
ἰδιωτῶν ἐν τρισὶν ἡμέραις Εὐβοϊκὸν τάλαντον 
ἐξαίρουσι. τὸν δὲ καττίτερον οὐκ ἐπιπολῆς εὑρί- 
σκεσθαί φησιν, ὡς τοὺς ἱστορικοὺς θρυλεῖν, ἀλλ᾽ 
ὀρύττεσθαι: γεννᾶσθαι δ᾽ ἔν τε τοῖς ὑπὲρ τοὺς 
Λυσιτανοὺς βαρβάροις καὶ ἐν ταῖς Ἱζαττιτερίσι 
νήσοις, καὶ ἐκ τῶν Βρεττανικῶν δὲ εἰς τὴν Μασσα- 
λίαν κομίζεσθαι. ἐν δὲ τοῖς ᾿Αρτάβροις, οἱ τῆς 
Λυσιτανίας ὕστατοι πρὸς ἄρκτον καὶ δύσιν εἰσίν, 
ἐξανθεῖν φησιν τὴν γῆν ἀργυρίῳ, καττιτέρῳ, 


χρυσίῳ λευκῷ (ἀργυρομιγὲς γάρ ἐστι), τὴν δὲ γῆν 


1 ἀναντλούντων, Corais, for ἀνατλοῦντα ; so the editors. 

2 τὸν δ᾽ ὅλον, conj. of Scaliger, for τὸν δόλον. But perhaps, 
τὸν δ᾽ ἄθλον ((ὐ. Miiller), which is generally accepted, is right ; 
or τὸν θόλον. (Meineke’s conj.). 

3 Meineke and others emend ἀνέλαβον to ἔμελλον, the word 
of Athenaeus (6. 23). 

4 τισίν, Corais, for τῶν ; so the editors in general. 


1 Archimedes’ screw. Another method was that of divert- 
ing the water by subterranean trenches (Diod. Sic. 5. 37.) 


44 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 9 


that the people dig as strenuously as if they expected 
to bring up Pluto himself. So Poseidonius implies 
that the energy and industry of the Turdetanian 
miners is similar, since they cut their shafts aslant 
and deep, and, as regards the streams that meet 
them in the shafts, oftentimes draw them off with 
the Egyptian screw.t_ However, the whole affair, he 
says, is never the same for these miners as for the 
Attic miners; indeed, for the latter, mining is like a 
riddle: “ What they took up,’ he says, “they did 
not take, yet what they had, they lost” ;? but, for the 
Turdetanians, mining is profitable beyond measure, 
since one-fourth of the ore brought out by their 
copper-workers is pure copper, while some of their 
private adventurers who search for silver pick up 
within three days a Euboean talent? of silver. Tin, 
however, is not found there on the surface of the 
ground, he says, as the historians continually repeat, 
but is dug up; and it is produced both in the 
country of the barbarians who live beyond Lusitania, 
and in the Cassiterides Islands; and tin is brought 
to Massilia from the British Islands also. But 
among the Artabrians, who live farthest on the 
north-west of Lusitania, the soil “ effloresces,’ he 
says, with silver, tin, and “white gold” (for it is 
mixed with silver). This soil, however, he adds, is 


* This riddle was said to have been propounded to Homer 
by some fishermen after they had had bad luck. They sat on 
the sand with their small catch, and became covered with 
vermin. The fish they abandoned, but the vermin they 
could neither abandon nor catch. Demetrius, Poseidonius, 
Diodorus Siculus (5, 37), Athenaeus (6. 23), and Strabo apply 
the riddle to Attica’s loss of invested capital when the 
revenues from her mines failed. 

3 About fifty-seven and one-half pounds avoirdupois. 


45 


C 148 


STRABO 


ταύτην φέρειν τοὺς ποταμούς" τὴν δὲ σκαλίσι τὰς 
γυναῖκας διαμώσας πλύνειν ἐν ἠθητηρίοις πλεκ- 
τοῖς εἰς κίστην." οὗτος μὲν περὶ τῶν μετάλλων 
τοιαῦτ᾽ εἴρηκε. 

10. Πολύβιος δέ, τῶν περὶ Καρχηδόνα Νέαν 
ἀργυρείων μνησθείς, μέγιστα μὲν εἶναί φησι, 
διέχειν δὲ τῆς πόλεως ὅσον εἴκοσι σταδίους, περίει- 
ληφότα κύκλον τετρακοσίων σταδίων, ὅ ὅπου τέττα- 
ρᾶς μυριάδας ἀνθρώπων μένειν τῶν ἐργαζομένων, 
ἀναφέροντας τότε τῷ δήμῳ τῶν “Ῥωμαίων Kal 
ἑκάστην ἡμέραν δισμυρίας, καὶ πεντακισχιλίας 
δραχμάς. τὴν δὲ κατεργασίαν τὴν μὲν ἄλλην ἐῶ 
(μακρὰ γάρ ἐστι), τὴν δὲ συρτὴν βῶλον τὴν 
ἀργυρῖτίν φησι κόπτεσθαι καὶ κοσκίνοις εἰς ὕδωρ 
διαρτᾶσθαι," κόπτεσθαι δὲ πάλιν τὰς ὑποστάσεις, 
καὶ πάλιν διηθουμένας “ἀποχεομένων τῶν ὑδάτων 
κόπτεσθαι: τὴν δὲ πέμπτην ὑπόστασιν χωνευ- 
θεῖσαν, ἀποχυθέντος τοῦ μολύβδου, καθαρὸν τὸν 
ἄργυρον ἐξάγειν. ἔστι δὲ καὶ νῦν τὰ ἀργυρεῖα, 
οὐ μέντοι δημόσια, οὔτε ἐνταῦθα οὔτε ἐν τοῖς 
ἄλλοις τόποις, GAN εἰς ἰδιωτικὰς μετέστασαν 
κτήσεις: τὰ δὲ χρυσεῖα δημοσιεύεται τὰ πλείω. 
ἐν δὲ καὶ Κασταλῶνι καὶ ἄλλοις τόποις ἴδιόν ἐστι 
μέταλλον ὀρυκτοῦ μολύβδου" παραμέμικται δέ τι 
καὶ τούτῳ τοῦ ἀργύρου μικρόν, οὐχ ὥστε λυσι- 
τελεῖν ἀποκαθαίρειν αὐτόν. 

1 


εἰς κίστην, Kramer, for ἐπιπιστην (AC), ἐπὶ κίστην (Β) ; 
so the editors in general. 


2 Casaubon emends διαρτᾶσθαι to διαττᾶσθαι ; all later editors 
following. 


1 This simple method (now called ‘‘ jigging”) of separating 
the mineral from the light refuse is still inuse. The sieve is 


46 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 9-10 


brought by the streams ; and the women scrape it up 
with shovels and wash it in sieves woven basket-like. 
Such, then, is what Poseidonius has said about the 
mines. 

10. Polybius, in mentioning the silver-mines of 
New Carthage, says that they are very large; that 
they are distant from the city about twenty stadia 
and embrace an area four hundred stadia in circuit ; 
and that forty thousand workmen stay there, who (in 
his time) bring into the Roman exchequer a daily 
revenue of twenty-five thousand drachmae. But as 
for the processes of the work, I omit all he says 
about it (for it is a long story) except what he says 
of the silver-bearing ore that is carried along in the 
- streams, namely, that it is crushed and by means of 
sieves disengaged in water;1! then the sediment is 
again crushed, and again strained through (the 
waters meantime being poured off), and crushed ; 
then the fifth sediment is smelted, and, after the lead 
has been poured off, yields the pure silver. The 
silver-mines are still being worked at the present 
time ; they are not state-property, however, either at 
New Carthage or anywhere else, but have passed over 
to private ownership. But the majority of the gold- 
mines are state-property. Both in Castalo and else- 
where there is a special metal of mined lead; this, 
too, has a slight quantity of silver mixed with it, 
though not enough to make the refining of it 
profitable. 


shaken up and down under water, and by gravity the heavier 
substance goes through the sieve to the bottom, the lighter 
forming a layer on top, which is scraped off. The Greek 
phrase (translated literally above) is syncopated, as is the 
further description of the process, 


47 


STRABO 


11. Οὐ πολὺ δ᾽ ἄπωθεν τοῦ Κασταλῶνός ἐστι 
καὶ τὸ ὄρος, ἐξ οὗ ῥεῖν φασι τὸν Βαῖτιν, ὃ 
καλοῦσιν ᾿Αργυροῦν. διὰ τὰ ἀργυρεῖα Ta ἐν αὐτῷ. 
Πολύβιος δὲ καὶ τὸν Αναν καὶ τοῦτον ἐκ τῆς 
Κελτιβηρίας ῥεῖν φησι, διέχοντας ἀχλήλων ὅσον 
ἐννακοσίους σταδίους" αὐξηθέντες γὰρ οἱ Κελτί- 
βηρες ἐποίησαν καὶ τὴν πλησιόχωρον πᾶσαν 
ὁμώνυμον ἑαυτοῖς. ἐοίκασι δ᾽ οἱ παλαιοὶ καλεῖν 
τὸν Βαῖτιν Ταρτησσόν, τὰ δὲ Γάδειρα καὶ τὰς 
πρὸς αὐτὴν yg ous ᾿Ερύθειαν' διόπερ οὕτως εἰπεῖν 
ὑπολαμβάνουσι Στησίχορον περὶ τοῦ Τηρνόνος 
βουκόλου, διότι γεννηθείη 


σχεδὸν ἀντιπέρας κλεινᾶς ᾿Ερυθείας 
Ταρτησσοῦ ποταμοῦ παρὰ παγὰς ἀπείρονας 
ἀργυρορίξους, 

ἐν ee πέτρας.1 
δυεῖν δὲ οὐσῶν ἐκβολῶν τοῦ ποταμοῦ, πόλιν ἐν 
τῷ μεταξὺ χώρῳ κατοικεῖσθαι πρότερόν φασιν, 
ἣν καλεῖσθαι Ταρτησσόν, ὁ ὁμώνυμον τῷ ποταμῷ, 
καὶ τὴν χώραν ᾿Ιαρτησσίδα, ἣν νῦν Τουρδοῦλοι 
νέμονται. καὶ ᾿Ιἱρατοσθένης δὲ τὴν συνεχῆ τῇ 
Κάλπῃ Ἱαρτησσίδα καλεῖσθαί φησι, καὶ ’Kpv- 
θειαν νῆσον εὐδαίμονα. πρὸς ὃν ᾿Αρτεμίδωρος 
ἀντιλέγων καὶ ταῦτα ψευδῶς λέγεσθαί φησι ὑπ᾽ 
αὐτοῦ, καθάπερ καὶ τὸ ἀπὸ TPadetpov ἐπὶ τὸ 
Ἱερὸν a ἀκρωτήριον διάστημα ἀπέχειν ἡμερῶν πέντε 
πλοῦν, οὐ πλειόνων ὄ OvT ay ἢ χιλίων καὶ ἑπτακο- 
σίων σταδίων, καὶ τὸ τὰς ἀμπώτεις μέχρι δεῦρο 
περατοῦσθαι ἀντὶ τοῦ κύκλῳ περὶ πᾶσαν τὴν 
οἰκουμένην συμβαίνειν, καὶ τὸ τὰ προσαρκτικὰ 


1 See Bergk’s re-arrangement of the words, Poet. Lyr. iii. 
208. 


48 


; GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 11 


11. Not very far from Castalo is also the mountain in 
which the Baetis is said to rise ; it is called “ Silver 
Mountain”’ on account of the silver-mines that are 
in it. According to Polybius, however, both this 
river and the Anas, though distant from each other 
as much as nine hundred stadia, rise in Celtiberia ; 
for, as a result of their growth in power, the Celti- 
berians caused the whole neighbouring country to 
have the same name as their own. ‘The ancients 
seem to have called the Baetis River “‘l'artessus’”’ ; 
and to have called Gades and the adjoining islands 
“ Krytheia” ; and this is supposed to be the reason 
why Stesichorus spoke as he did about the neat-herd + 
of Geryon, namely, that he was born “ about opposite 
famous Erytheia, beside the unlimited, silver-rooted 
springs of the river Tartessus, in a cavern of a cliff.” 
Since the river had two mouths, a city was planted 
on the intervening territory in former times, it is 
said,—a city which was called “‘ Tartessus,”’ after the 
name of the river; and the country, which is now 
occupied by Turdulians, was called ‘‘ Tartessis.”’ 
Further, Eratosthenes says that the country ad- 
joining Calpe is called “ Tartessis,’ and_ that 
Erytheia is called “ Blest Isle.” Eratosthenes is 
contradicted by Artemidorus, who says that this is 
another false statement of Eratosthenes, like his 
statement that the distance from Gades to the 
Sacred Cape is a five days’ sail (although it is not 
more than one thousand seven hundred stadia), and 
his statement that the tides come to an end at the 
Sacred Cape (although the tides take place round the 
whole circuit of the inhabited world), and his state- 


1 Kurytion. 


49 
VOL. II. E 


Ο 149 


STRABO ; 


μέρη τῆς Ἰβηρίας εὐπαροδώτερα εἶναι πρὸς τὴν 
Κελτικὴν ἢ κατὰ τὸν ὠκεανὸν πλέουσι, καὶ ὅσα 
δὴ ἄλλα εἴρηκε ἸΤυθέᾳ πιστεύσας, ov ἀλαζονείαν. 

122° 0 δὲ ποιητής, πολύφωνός τις ὧν καὶ 
πολυΐστωρ, δίδωσιν ἀφορμὰς ὡς οὐδὲ τούτων 
ἀνήκοός ἐστι τῶν τόπων, εἴ τις ὀρθῶς συλλο- 
γίζεσθαι βούλοιτο ἀπ᾽’ ἀμφοῖν, τῶν τε χεῖρον 
λεγομένων περὶ αὐτῶν, καὶ τῶν ἄμεινον καὶ ἀλη- 
θέστερον. χεῖρον μέν, ὅτι πρὸς δύσιν ἐσχάτη 
ἤκουεν αὕτη, ὅπου, καθάπερ αὐτός φησιν, εἰς τὸν 
ὠκεανὸν ἐμπίπτει 


Ψ. 
λαμπρὸν φάος ἠελίοιο, 
Ὡ / / 3 \ ’, 9, 
ἕλκον νύκτα μέλαιναν ἐπὶ ζείδωρον ἄρουραν. 


(Il. 8. 485) 


ἡ δὲ νὺξ ὅτι δύσφημον καὶ τῷ “Αδῃ πλησιάζον 
Senor, 6 ὁ δὲ “Adns τῷ Ταρτάρῳ. εἰκάζοι οὖν ἄν 
τίς ἀκούοντα 5 περὶ Ταρτησσοῦ τὸν Τάρταρον 
ἐκεῖθεν παρονομάσαι τὸν ἔσχατον τῶν ὑποχθονίων 
τόπων, προσθεῖναι δὲ καὶ μῦθον, τὸ ποιητικὸν 
σώζοντα. καθάπερ καὶ τοὺς Κιμμερίους εἰδὼς 
ἐν βορείοις καὶ ζοφεροῖς ὃ οἰκήσαντας τόποις τοῖς 
κατὰ τὸν Βόσπορον ἵδρυσεν αὐτοὺς πρὸς τῷ 
“Δδῃ, τάχα καὶ κατά τι κοινὸν τῶν ᾿Ιώνων ἔχθος 
πρὸς τὸ φῦλον τοῦτο" καὶ γὰρ καθ᾽ Ὅμηρον ἢ 
μικρὸν πρὸ αὐτοῦ λέγουσι τὴν τῶν Κιμμερίων 


1 οὖν, Groskurd inserts, after εἰκάζοι. 

2 ἀκούοντα, Kramer, for ἀκούων ta; Miiller-Diibner, and 
Meineke, following. 

3 Copepots, Corais, for ζεφύροις ; so the editors. 


1 Op. 1. 4. 3-5, 2. 4. land 3.4. 4, 
50 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 11-12 


ment that the northerly parts of Iberia afford an 
easier passage to Celtica than if you sail thither by 
the ocean; and, in fact, every other statement which 
he has made in reliance upon Pytheas,! on account 
of the latter’s false pretensions. 

12. The poet,? man of many voices, so to speak, 
and of wide information, affords us grounds for the 
argument that even these regions were not unheard 
of by him, if one were only willing to argue scientifi- 
cally from both statements that are made about these 
regions, not only from the worse, but also from the 
better and more truthful. Worse, namely, the state- 
ment that Tartessus was known by hearsay? as 
“farthermost in the west,’ where, as the poet him- 
self says, falls into Oceanus “the sun’s bright light, 
drawing black night over earth, the grain-giver.”’ 
Now, that night is a thing of evil omen and as- 
sociated with Hades, is obvious; also that Hades is 
associated with Tartarus. Accordingly, one might 
reasonably suppose that Homer, because he heard 
about Tartessus, named the farthermost of the nether- 
regions Tartarus after Tartessis, with a slight altera- 
tion of letters; and that he also added a mythical 
element, thus conserving the creative quality of 
poetry. Just as the poet, because he knew that 
the Cimmerians had taken their abode in northern 
and gloomy regions about the Bosporus, settled them 
in the neighbourhood of Hades, though perhaps he 
did it also in accordance with a certain common 
hatred of the Ionians for this tribe (indeed, it was in 
the time of Homer, or shortly before his time, they 
say, that that Cimmerian invasion which reached as far 


2 Homer. 2 In Homer’s time. 


51 
gE 2 


STRABO 


MA \ t a 3 ’ Ν. la 
ἔφοδον γενέσθαι τὴν μέχρι τῆς Αἰολίδος καὶ τῆς 
a , 7 
᾿Ιωνίας. ταῖς δὲ Kvavéas ἐποίησε παραπλησίως 
, e 
τὰς Πλαγκτάς, ἀεὶ τοὺς μύθους ἀπό τινων ἱστο- 
a i , 
ριῶν ἐνάγων. χαλεπὰς yap τινας μυθεύει πέτρας, 
καθάπερ τὰς Κυανέας φασίν, ἐξ οὗ καὶ Συμπλη- 
fal / 3 / 
γάδες καλοῦνται" διόπερ καὶ Tov ᾿Ιάσονος παρέ- 
’ 3 a an \ ς δὴ \ / 
θηκε Sv αὐτῶν πλοῦν. Kal ὁ κατὰ τὰς Στήλας 
ς 7 ον ΚΗ 
δὲ πορθμὸς καὶ ὁ κατὰ Σικελίαν ὑπηγόρευον αὐτῷ 
n an n \ \ \ \ 
τὸν περὶ τῶν Ϊλαγκτῶν μῦθον. πρὸς μὲν δὴ TO 
a 3 Ν A an / 7 Dey 
χεῖρον ἀπὸ τῆς τοῦ Ῥαρτάρου μυθοποιίας αἰνύτ- 
τοιτὸ τις ἂν τὴν τῶν τόπων μνήμην τῶν περὶ 
/ 
Taptnocov. 
« Σ at 
13. Πρὸς δὲ τὸ βέλτιον ἐκ τούτων: TE yap 
€ / sf lf na a \ 
Ηρακλέους στρατεία μέχρι δεῦρο προελθοῦσα Kal 
n / ,ὔ la a / \ 
τῶν Φοινίκων ὑπέγραφεν αὐτῷ πλοῦτον τινα καὶ 
n © \ 7 
ῥᾳθυμίαν τῶν ἀνθρώπων. οὗτοι γὰρ Φοίνιξιν 
ε , τᾷ \ 
οὕτως ἐγένοντο σφόδρα ὑποχείριοι, ὥστε TAS 
a fal ἕῳ \ La 
πλείους τῶν ἐν τῇ Toupdntavia πόλεων καὶ τῶν 
πλησίον τόπων ὑπ᾽ ἐκείνων νῦν οἰκεῖσθαι. καὶ ἡ 
τοῦ ᾽Οδυσσέως δὲ στρατεία δοκεῖ μοι δεῦρο γενη- 
θεῖσα καὶ ἱστορηθεῖσα ὑπ᾽ αὐτοῦ παραδοῦναι 
ες [4 \ \ 3 Ve 7 
πρόφασιν: ὥστε καὶ τὴν ᾿Οδύσσειαν, καθάπερ 
καὶ τὴν ᾿Ιλιάδα, ἀπὸ τῶν συμβάντων μεταγαγεῖν 
, a n 
εἰς ποίησιν καὶ τὴν συνήθη τοῖς ποιηταῖς μυθο- 
/ 
ποιίαν. ov yap μόνον οἱ κατὰ τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν καὶ 
Ss / / \ 7 \ fal / 
δικελίαν τόποι καὶ ἄλλοι τινὲς τῶν τοιούτων 
ἴω e / 5 x Ss 3 A 3 / 
σημεῖα ὑπογράφουσιν, ἀλλὰ καὶ ἐν τῇ ᾿Ιβηρίᾳ 
4 / a 
’Odvacea πόλις δείκνυται καὶ ᾿Αθηνᾶς ἱερὸν καὶ 


1 Odyssey 12. 61s 25: 327; 
52 : 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 12-13 


as Aeolis and Ionia took place). Again, the poet 
modelled his “ Planctae” + after the ““ Cyaneae,”’ 
always bringing in his myths from some historical 
fact or other. For example, he tells a mythical story 
of certain rocks that are dangerous, just as they say 
the Cyaneae are (from which fact the Cyaneae are 
also called ‘‘Symplegades’’), and this is the reason 
why he cited Jason’s voyage through them. But 
both the strait at the Pillars and that at Sicily 
suggested the myth about the Planctae. As regards 
that worse statement, therefore, one might get a 
hint from the mythical invention of Tartarus that 
Homer had in mind the regions about Tartessus. 

13. As regards the better, on the other hand, one 
might get hints from the following: In the first 
place, the expeditions of Heracles and of the 
Phoenicians, since they both reached as far as 
Iberia, suggested to Homer that the people of 
Iberia were in some way rich, and led a life of 
ease. Indeed, these people became so utterly sub- 
ject to the Phoenicians that the greater number of 
the cities in Turdetania and of the neighbouring 
places are now inhabited by the Phoenicians. 
Secondly, the expedition of Odysseus, as it seems 
to me, since it actually had been made to Iberia, 
and since Homer had learned about it through 
inquiry, gave him an historical pretext; and so he 
also transferred the Odyssey, just as he had already 
transferred the Jlzad, from the domain of historical 
fact to that of creative art, and to that of mythical 
invention so familiar to the poets. For not only do 
the regions about Italy and Sicily and certain other 
regions betray signs of such facts, but in Iberia also 
a city of Odysseia is to be seen, and a temple of 


53 


C 150 


STRABO 


ἄλλα μυρία ἤχνη τῆς τε ἐκείνου πλάνης, Kal 
ἄλλων τῶν ἐκ τοῦ Τρωικοῦ πολέμου γενομένων 
καὶ ἐπ᾽ ἴσης κακωσάντων τούς τε πολεμηθέντας 
καὶ τοὺς ἑλόντας τὴν Τροίαν (καὶ γὰρ οὗτοι 
Καδμείαν νίκην ἐτύγχανον ἠρμένοι), τῶν τε οἴκων 
κατεφθαρμένων, καὶ τῶν λαφύρων ὀλίγων εἰς 
ἕκαστον ἐληλυθότων, συνέβη τοῖς περιλειφθεῖσιν 
ἀπελθοῦσιν ἐκ τῶν κινδύνων κατὰ λῃστείας 
τρέπεσθαι καὶ τοῖς “Ἕλλησι, τοῖς μὲν διὰ τὸ ἐκ- 
πεπορθῆσθαι, τοῖς δὲ διὰ τὴν αἰσχύνην, ἑκάστου 
προλαβόντος 


αἰσχρόν. τοι δηρόν τε μένειν 
ἄνευ τῶν οἰκείων, 
“4 
κενεόν τε νέεσθαι 


(Il. 3. 298) 


4 a > ,ὔ / 
παρ᾽ αὐτοὺς πάλιν. ἥ τε τοῦ Δίνείου παραδέ- 
δοται πλάνη καὶ ᾿Αντήνορος καὶ ἡ τῶν ᾿Βνετῶν" 
ὡσαύτως καὶ ἡ Διομήδους τε καὶ Μενελάου καὶ 
Ὀδυσσέως καὶ ἄλλων πλειόνων. ὁ τοίνυν ποιητὴς 
τὰς τοσαύτας στρατείας ἐπὶ τὰ ἔσχατα τῆς 
Ἰβηρίας ἱστορηκώς, πυνθανόμενος δὲ καὶ πλοῦτον 

\ \ A > id e \ 7 2 / 
Kal Tas ἄλλας ἀρετάς (οἱ γὰρ Φοίνικες ἐδήλουν 
τοῦτο), ἐνταῦθα τὸν τῶν εὐσεβῶν ἔπλασε χῶρον 
καὶ τὸ Ἠλύσιον πεδίον, οὗ φησιν ὁ Πρωτεὺς 
ἀποικήσειν τὸν Μενέλαον" 


ἀλλά σ᾽ ἐς ᾿Ηλύσιον πεδίον καὶ πείρατα γαίης 
ἀθάνατοι πέμψουσιν, ὅθι ξανθὸς Ῥαδάμανθυς, 
τῇ περ ῥηίστη βιοτὴ πέλει ἀνθρώποισιν" 

οὐ νιφετὸς οὔτ᾽ ἄρ χειμὼν πολὺς οὐδέ ποτ᾽ 


ὄμβρος, 
54 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 13 


Athene, and countless other traces, not only of the 
wanderings of Odysseus, but also of other wander- 
ings which took place thither after the Trojan War 
and afHicted the capturers of Troy quite as much 
as it did the vanquished! (for the capturers, as it 
happened, carried off only a Cadméan victory 2). 
And since the Trojan homes were in ruins, and the 
booty that came to each Greek was but small, the 
result was that the surviving Trojans, after having 
escaped from the perils of the war, turned to acts of 
piracy, as did also the Greeks ; the Trojans, because 
their city was now in utter ruins; the Greeks, for 
shame, since every Greek took it for granted that it 
was “verily shameful to wait long” far from his 
kindred “ and then” back to them “empty-handed 
go. Thirdly, the wanderings of Aeneas are a 
traditional fact, as also those of Antenor, and those 
of the Henetians;? similarly, also, those of Diomedes, 
Menelaus, Odysseus, and several others. So then, 
the poet, informed through his inquiries of so many 
expeditions to the outermost parts of Iberia, and 
learning by hearsay about the wealth and the other 
good attributes of the country (for the Phoenicians 
were making these facts known), in fancy placed 
the abode of the blest there, and also the Elysian 
Plain, where Proteus says Menelaus will go and make 
his home: “ But the deathless gods will escort thee 
to the Elysian Plain and the ends of the earth, where 
is Rhadamanthys of the fair hair, where life is easiest. 
No snow is there, nor yet great storm, nor ever any 
Up. laa:,2, vol. 1, pp, 177-179. 


2 Alluding to the myth of Cadmus and the dragon’s teeth. 
3 Iliad 2. 852. 


1 ἀπελθοῦσιν, Kramer, for ἀπειθοῦσιν (ACI), ἀπιοῦσιν (B); 
so the editors. 


55 


C 151 


STRABO 


\ / 7 
ἀλλ᾽ αἰεὶ Ζεφύροιο λιγὺ πνείοντος ἀήτας 
3 \ >] , 3 7 3 ,ὔ 

Oxeavos ἀνίησιν ἀναψύχειν ἀνθρώπους. 


(Od. 4. 563) 


TO τε γὰρ εὐάερον καὶ τὸ εὔπνουν τοῦ Ζεφύρου 
ταύτης ἐστὶ" τῆς χώρας οἰκεῖον, ἑσπερίου τε καὶ 
ἀλεεινῆς οὔσης, τό τε ἐπὶ τοῖς πέρασι τῆς γῆς, 
ἐφ᾽ οἷς καὶ τὸν “Αδην μεμυθεῦσθαί φαμεν. ὅ τε 
“Ῥαδάμανθυς παρατεθεὶς ὑπογράφει τὸν πλησίον 
τῷ Μίνῳ τόπον, περὶ οὗ φησιν. 


ev 
ἔνθ᾽ ἤτοι Μίνωα ἴδον Διὸς ἀγλαὸν υἱόν, 
nan / / 
χρύσεον σκῆπτρον ἔχοντα, θεμιστεύοντα νέ- 
κυσσι. 


(Od. 11. 568) 


καὶ οἱ μετὰ ταῦτα δὲ ποιηταὶ παραπλήσια Opv- 
λοῦσι, τήν τε ἐπὶ τὰς Γηρυόνου βόας στρατείαν 
καὶ τὴν ἐπὶ τὰ μῆλα τῶν “Ἑσπερίδων τὰ χρύσεα 
ὡσαύτως στρατείαν, καὶ Μακάρων τινὰς νήσους 
κατονομάζοντες, ἃς καὶ νῦν δεικνυμένας ἴσμεν οὐ 
πολὺ ἄπωθεν τῶν ἄκρων τῆς Μαυρουσίας τῶν 
ἀντικειμένων τοῖς Τ᾿ αδείροις. 

14. Τοὺς δὲ Φοίνικας λέγω μηνυτάς" καὶ τῆς 
Ἰβηρίας καὶ τῆς Λιβύης τὴν ἀρίστην οὗτοι κατ- 
έσχον πρὸ τῆς ἡλικίας τῆς Ὁμήρου καὶ διετέλεσαν 
κύριοι τῶν τόπων ὄντες, μέχρις οὗ Ῥωμαῖοι κατ- 
έλυσαν αὐτῶν τὴν ἡγεμονίαν. τοῦ δ᾽ ᾿Ιβηρικοῦ 
πλούτου καὶ ταῦτα μαρτύρια" Καρχηδόνιοι μετὰ 
τοῦ Βάρκα στρατεύσαντες κατέλαβον, ὥς φασιν 
οἱ ,συγγραφεῖς, φάτναις ἀργυραῖς καὶ πίθοις χρω- 
μένους τοὺς ἐν τῆ Τουρδητανίᾳ. ὑπολάβοι δ᾽ av 
τις ἐκ τῆς πολλῆς εὐδαιμονίας καὶ Μακραίωνας 


56 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 13-14 


rain; but always Oceanus sendeth forth the breezes 
of clear-blowing Zephyrus.’’ For both the pure 
air and the gentle breezes of Zephyrus properly 
belong to this country, since the country is not 
only in the west but also warm; and the phrase “ at 
the ends of the earth”’ properly belongs to it, where 
Hades has been “mythically placed,’ as we say. 
And Homer’s citing of Rhadamanthys suggests the 
region that is near Minos, concerning whom he 
says: “There it was I saw Minos, glorious son of 
Zeus, holding a golden sceptre, rendering decisions 
to the dead.” Furthermore, the poets who came 
after Homer keep dinning into our ears similar 
stories: the expedition of Heracles in quest of the 
kine of Geryon and likewise the expedition which 
he made in quest of the golden apples of the 
Hesperides—even calling by name certain Isles of 
the Blest, which, as we know, are still now pointed 
out, not very far from the headlands of Maurusia 
that lie opposite to Gades. 

14. The Phoenicians, I say, were the informants 
of Homer; and these people occupied the best of 
Iberia and Libya before the age of Homer, and 
continued to be masters of those regions until the 
Romans broke up their empire. The wealth of 
Iberia is further evidenced by the following facts: 
the Carthaginians who, along with Barcas, made a 
campaign against Iberia found the people in Turde- 
tania, as the historians tell us, using silver feeding- 
troughs and wine-jars. And one might assume that 
it was from their great prosperity that the people 
there got the additional name of “ Macraeones,” ὦ 


1 << Long-livers.” 


97 


STRABO > 


ὀνομασθῆναι τοὺς ἐνθάδε ἀνθρώπους, καὶ μάλιστα 
τοὺς ἡγεμόνας, καὶ διὰ τοῦτο ᾿Ανακρέοντα μὲν 
οὕτως εἰπεῖν" 

"Eyoy οὔτ᾽ ἂν ᾿Αμαλθίης 

βουλοίμην κέρας οὔτ᾽ ἔτεα 

/ 
πεντήκοντά TE καὶ ἑκατόν 
Ταρτησσοῦ βασιλεῦσαι" 


(Frag. 8, Pere) 


Ἡρόδοτον δὲ καὶ τὸ ὄνομα τοῦ βασιλέως κατα- 
γράψαι, καλέσαντα ᾿Ἀργανθώνον. ἢ γὰρ οὕτω 
δέξαιτ᾽ ἄν τις ἢ ἴσον τούτῳ τὸ ᾿Ανακρέοντος, ἢ 
κοινότερον οὔτε Ταρτησσοῦ πολὺν χρόνον βασι- 
λεῦσαι. ἔνιοι δὲ Ταρτησσὸν τὴν νῦν ἹΚαρτηίαν 
προσαγορεύουσι." 

15. Τῇ δὲ τῆς χώρας εὐδαιμονίᾳ καὶ τὸ ἥμερον 
καὶ τὸ πολιτικὸν συνηκολούθησε τοῖς Τουρδη- 
τανοῖς" καὶ τοῖς Κελτικοῖς δὲ διὰ τὴν γειτνίασιν, 
ὡς εἴρηκε Πολύβιος, ἢ ἢ 5 διὰ τὴν συγγένειαν, ἀλλ᾽ 
ἐκείνοις μὲν ἧττον' τὰ πολλὰ γὰρ κωμηδὸν ζῶσιν. 
οἱ μέντοι Τουρδητανοί, καὶ μάλιστα οἱ περὶ τὸν 
Βαῖτιν, τελέως εἰς τὸν Ῥωμαίων μεταβέβληνται 
τρόπον, οὐδὲ τῆς διαλέκτου τῆς σφετέρας ἔτι με- 
μνημένοι. Λατῖνοί τε οἱ πλεῖστοι γεγόνασι, καὶ 
ἐποίκους εἰλήφασι Ῥωμαίους, ὥστε μικρὸν ἀπέ- 

1 74, Siebenkees and Corais insert, from the conj. of 
Tyrwhitt. 

* Meineke (followed by Forbiger and Tardieu) regards 
ἢ yap . + . προσαγορεύουσι as a marginal gloss and unwar- 


rantedly omits it from the text. 
8 #, Jones inserts. 


1 The sacred she-goat which suckled Zeus in his infancy. 
For gratitude Zeus placed her among the constellations, 


58 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 14-15 


and particularly the chieftains ; and that this is why 
Anacreon said as follows: “I, for my part, should 
neither wish the horn of Amaltheia,! nor to be king 
of Tartessus for one hundred and fifty years”’ ; and 
why Herodotus recorded even the name of the king, 
whom he called Arganthonius.?, For one might 
either take the phrase of Anacreon literally or as 
meaning “a time equal to the king’s,”’ or else ina 
more general way, “nor to be king of Tartessus for 
a long time.” Some, however, call Tartessus the 
Carteia of to-day.® 

15. Along with the happy lot of their country, the 
qualities of both gentleness and civility have come to 
the Turditanians; and to the Celtic peoples, too, on 
account of their being neighbours to the Turdetanians, 
as Polybius has said, or else on account of their kin- 
ship; but less so the Celtic peoples, because for the 
most part they live in mere villages. The Turde- 
tanians, however, and particularly those that live 
about the Baetis, have completely changed over to 
the Roman mode of life, not even remembering 
their own language any more. And most of them 
have become Latins,‘ and they have received Romans 


Her horns gushed, one with nectar and the other with 
ambrosia. The ‘‘horn of Amaltheia” became proverbial for 
the cornucopia inexhaustible. 

2 «Silver Locks” is a fair equivalent of the Greek word. 
Herodotus says he reigned eighty years and lived one hundred 
and twenty (1. 163). 

3 Strabo’s thought reverts to 811 above. Cp. Pliny (Wat. 
Hist. 3. 3), who speaks of “ Carteia, called by the Greeks 
Tartessus.” 

4 That is, they acquired the so-called ‘‘ Latin rights of 
citizenship,” which comprehended more than ‘‘ foreign rights ” 
but less than ‘‘ Roman rights.” Cp. 4. 1. 12. 


δ. 


STRABO 


χουσι τοῦ πάντες εἶναι “Ρωμαῖοι. at τε νῦν 
συνῳκισμέναι, πόλεις, ἥ τε ἐν τοῖς Κελτικοῖς 1αξ- 
αὐυγούστα καὶ ἡ ἐν τοῖς Τουρδούλοις Αὐγούστα 
᾿μερίτα καὶ ἡ περὶ τοὺς Κελτίβηρας Καισαραυ- 
γούστα καὶ ἄλλαι ἔνιαι κατοικίαι τὴν μεταβολὴν 
τῶν “λεχθεισῶν πολιτειῶν ἐμφανίξουσι. καὶ δὴ 
τῶν Ἰβήρων ὃ ὅσοι ταύτης εἰσὶ τῆς ἰδέας τογᾶτοι » 
λέγονται" ἐν δὲ τούτοις εἰσὶ καὶ οἱ Κελτίβηρες οἱ 
πάντων νομισθέντες ποτὲ θηριωδέστατοι. ταῦτα 
μὲν περὶ τούτων. 


¥ 


III 


1. ᾿Απὸ δὲ τοῦ Ἱεροῦ πάλιν ἀκρωτηρίου τὴν ἀρ- 
χὴν λαμβάνουσιν ἐ ἐπὶ θάτερον μέρος τῆς παραλίας, 
τὸ πρὸς τὸν Ῥάγον, κόλπος ἐστίν: ἔπειτα ἄκρα τὸ 
Βαρβάριον καὶ αἱ τοῦ Τάγου ἐκβολαὶ πλησίον, 

/ 3 EN / > la) x 
ἐφ᾽ ἃς εὐθυπλοίᾳ " στάδιοι εἰσὶ δέκα" ἐνταῦθα δὲ 
καὶ ἀναχύσεις, ὧν μία ἐπὶ πλείους ἢ τετρακοσίους 


1 τογᾶτοι, Kramer, for στολάτοι; Miiller-Diibner, Forbiger, 
Tardieu, and Meineke, following (the accent being Meineke’s) ; 
mgor read στολάται ἢ τογάτοι. Cp. 3. 4. 20; and Dio Cassius, 
46. δῦ, ἐκαλεῖτο δὲ ἐκείνη (ἰ.6. Gallia Narbonensis) μὲν toyara, 
ὅτι τε εἰρηνικωτέρα παρὰ τὰς ἄλλας ἐδόκει εἶναι καὶ ὅτι καὶ τῇ 
ἐσθῆτι τῇ Ῥωμαικῇ τῇ ἀστικῇ ἐχρῶντο ἤδη- 

2 εὐθυπλοίᾳ, Corais, for εὐθύπλοιαι ; editors following. 

3 For δέκα Corais (followed by Groskurd, and Forbiger) 
writes διακόσιοι (σ΄) or διακόσιοι δέκα (σ΄), omitting the δ᾽ 
(MSS.) before εἰσι. C. Miiller (followed by Tardieu), con- 
jectures ,a (χίλιοι) for δ᾽ and writes as follows: στάδιοι χίλιοι" 
εἰσὶ δὲ καὶ ἐνταῦθα κιτιλ. But the problem is further complicated 
by Strabo’s later reference to a ‘‘ tower,” which indicates 


that several words have fallen out of the text—probably 
after εὐθυπλοίᾳ. 


60 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 2. 15-3. 1 


as colonists, so that they are not far from being all 
Romans. And the present jointly-settled cities, Pax 
Augusta in the Celtic country, Augusta Emerita 
in the country of the Turdulians, Caesar-Augusta 
near Celtiberia, and some other settlements, manifest 
the change to the aforesaid civil modes of life. 
Moreover, all those Iberians who belong to this class 
are called “Togati.’! And among these are the 
Celtiberians, who were once regarded the most 
brutish of all. So much for the Turditanians. 


III 


1. Now if we again begin at the Sacred Cape, 
following the coast in the other direction, namely, 
towards the Tagus River, there is first a gulf, then a 
promontory, Barbarium, and near it the mouths of 
the Tagus; and the distance to these mouths in a 
direct voyage is ten? stadia. Here, too, there are 
estuaries; one of them extends inland from the 


1 The MSS. are nearly unanimous in support of ‘‘ Stolati,”’ 
‘‘wearers of the stola,” but this was a matrons’ garment at 
Rome. Op.3. 4.20. Again, Dio Cassius (see note on opposite 
page), in speaking of Gallia Narbonensis, says that it was called 
**Gallia Togata,” both because it was reputed to be more 
peaceable than the others and because the people there were 
already (43 B.c.) wearing the Roman garb. 

2 As the MSS. stand, ‘‘ten” cannot be right. Strabo 
probably wrote ‘‘ two hundred” (or ‘‘ two hundred and ten”), 
if he meant from Barbariwm ; or ‘‘ one thousand,” if from 
the Sacred Cape. The latter seems more likely, for it is in- 
conceivable that Strabo would leave out the distance from 
the Sacred Cape to Barbarium and thus break his otherwise 
continuous circuit of distances extending all the way from the 
Trophies of Pompey (3. 4. 1.) to Cape Nerium. See critical 
note on opposite page. 


61 


C i 


2 


STRABO 


σταδίους ἀπὸ τοῦ λεχθέντος πύργου, καθ᾽ ἣν 
ὑδρεύονται ἐπὶ Σαλάκειαν. ὁ δὲ Τάγος καὶ τὸ 
πλάτος ἔχει τοῦ στόματος εἴκοσί που σταδίων 
καὶ τὸ βάθος μέγα, ὥστε μυριαγωγοῖς ἀναπλεῖ- 
σθαι. δύο δ᾽ ἀναχύσεις ἐν τοῖς ὑπερκειμένοις 
ποιεῖται πεδίοις, ὅταν αἱ πλῆμαι γίνωνται, ὥστε 
πελαγίζειν μὲν ἐπὶ ἑκατὸν καὶ πεντήκοντα στα- 
δίους καὶ ποιεῖν πλωτὸν τὸ πεδίον, ἐν δὲ τῇ ἐπάνω 
ἀναχύσει καὶ νῆσον ἀπολαμβάνειν ὅσον τριάκοντα 
σταδίων τὸ μῆκος, πλάτος δὲ μικρὸν ἀπολεῖπον 
τοῦ μήκους, εὐαλσὲς 5 καὶ εὐάμπελον. κεῖται δ᾽ 
ἡ νῆσος κατὰ Μόρωνα πόλιν εὖ 8 κειμένην ἐν ὄρει 
τοῦ ποταμοῦ πλησίον, ἀφεστῶσαν τῆς θαλάττης 
ὅσον πεντακοσίους σταδίους, ἔχουσαν δὲ καὶ 
χώραν ἀγαθὴν τὴν πέριξ καὶ τοὺς ἀνάπλους εὐπε- 
τεῖς μέχρι μὲν πολλοῦ καὶ μεγάλοις σκάφεσι, τὸ 
δὲ λοιπὸν τοῖς ποταμίοις" καὶ ὑπὲρ τὸν Μόρωνα 
δ᾽ ἔτι μακρότερος ἀνάπλους ἐστί: ταύτῃ δὲ τῇ 
πόλει Βροῦτος ὁ Καλλαϊκὸς προσαγορευθεὶς 
ὁρμητηρίῳ χρώμενος ἐπολέμησε πρὸς τοὺς Λυ- 
σιτανούς καὶ κατέστρεψε τούτους. τοῖς δὲ τοῦ 
ποταμοῦ κλείθροις * ἐπετείχισεδ τὴν ᾿Ολυσιπῶνα, 


1 ἐπὶ Σαλάκειαν, C. Miiller, for εἰπὸν λακεια ; so Tardieu. 

2 εὐαλσές, conj. of Casaubon, for εὐαλτές ; so most editors. 

3 κατὰ Μόρωνα πόλιν εὖ, Corais, from the conj. of Casaubon, 
for κατὰ λόγον ἀπολιπεῖν; so Forbiger, Miiller-Diibner, 
Tardieu, and Meineke. 

4 κλείθροις, conj. of Meineke, for πλίθροις. 

5 ἐπετείχισε, Casaubon, for ἐπεχείρησε ; so Kramer, Miiller- 
Diibner, and Meineke. 


62 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 3. 1 


afore-mentioned tower! for more than four hundred 
stadia, and along this estuary the country is watered 
as far as Salacia.2, Now the Tagus not only has a 
width of about twenty stadia at its mouth, but its 
depth is so great that very large merchant-ships can 
ascend it. And when the flood-tides come on, it 
forms two estuaries in the plains that lie above it, so 
that it forms a sea for a distance of one hundred and 
fifty stadia, and renders the plain navigable, and also, 
in the upper estuary, encloses an island about thirty 
stadia in length, and in breadth a trifle short of the 
length—an island with fine groves and vines. The 
island is situated opposite Moron,? a city happily 
situated on a mountain near the river, at a distance 
of about five hundred stadia from the sea. And 
further, not only is the country round about the city 
rich, but the voyages thither are easy—even for 
large ships a considerable part of the way, though 
only for the river-boats the rest of the way. And 
beyond Moron, also, the river is navigable for a still 
greater distance. This city Brutus, surnamed 
Callaicus,4 used as a base of operations when he 
warred against the Lusitanians and brought these 
people under subjection. And, to command the bar 
of the river, he fortified Olysipo, in order that the 


1 Strabo seems previously to have referred to a tower (on 
Barbarium ?); but if so, the words:have fallen out of the 
manuscripts. 

* The Greek text is corrupt, but it seems certain that 
Strabo wrote ‘‘Salacia” here. It is about 400 stadia from 
Barbarium. Cp. Ptolemaeus 2. 5. 

3 Now Al-Merim. 

4 Ὁ. Junius Brutus was thus surnamed from his subjection 
of the Callaicans, 136 B.c. 

* The narrows at Lisbon. 


63 


STRABO 


iv 1 ἔχοι τοὺς ἀνάπλους ἐλευθέρους Kal Tas ava- 
κομιδὰς τῶν ἐπιτηδείων, ὥστε καὶ τῶν περὶ τὸν 
Τάγον πόλεων αὗται κράτισται. πολύϊχθυς δ᾽ ὁ 
ποταμὸς καὶ ὀστρέων πλήρης. ῥεῖ δ᾽ ἔχων τὰς 
ἀρχὰς ἐκ Κελτιβήρων διὰ Οὐεττώνων καὶ ΚΚαρπη- 
τανῶν καὶ Λυσιτανῶν ἐπὶ δύσιν ἰσημερινήν, μέχρι 
ποσοῦ παράλληλος ὧν τῷ τε "Ava καὶ τῷ Βαίτι, 
μετὰ δὲ ταῦτα ἀφιστάμενος ἐκείνων, ἀποκλινόντων 
πρὸς τὴν νότιον παραλίαν. 

2. Οἱ δὲ ὑπερκείμενοι τῶν λεχθέντων ὀρῶν ᾿Ὡρη- 
τανοὶ μέν εἰσι νοτιώτατοι καὶ μέχρι τῆς παραλίας 
διήκοντες ἐκ μέρους τῆς ἐντὸς Στηλῶν. Καρπη- 
τανοὶ δὲ μετὰ τούτους πρὸς ἄρκτους, εἶτα Οὐέτ- 
τωνες καὶ Οὐακκαῖοι, δι’ ὧν ὁ Δούριος ῥεῖ, κατ᾽ 
᾿Ακούτειαν 3 πόλιν τῶν Οὐακκαίων ἔχων διάβασιν. 
Καλλαϊκοὶ δ᾽ ὕστατοι, τῆς ὀρεινῆς ἐπέχοντες 
πολλήν" διὸ καὶ δυσμαχώτατοι ὄντες τῷ τε κατα- 
πολεμήσαντι τοὺς Λυσιτανοὺς αὐτοὶ παρέσχον τὴν 
ἐπωνυμίαν, καὶ νῦν ἤδη τοὺς πλείστους τῶν Λυσι- 
τανῶν Καλλαϊκοὺς καλεῖσθαι παρεσκεύασαν. τῆς 
μὲν οὖν ᾿Ωρητανίας κρατιστεύουσά ἐστι πόλις 
Κασταλών, καὶ Opia. 

3. Τοῦ δὲ Τάγου τὰ πρὸς ἄρκτον ἡ Λυσιτανία 
ἐστὶ μέγιστον τῶν ᾿Ιβηρικῶν ἐθνῶν καὶ πλείστοις 
χρόνοις ὑπὸ Ῥωμαίων πολεμηθέν. περιέχει δὲ 
τῆς χώρας ταύτης τὸ μὲν νότιον πλευρὸν ὁ Τ΄άγος, 

1 "ολυσιπῶνα, Kramer, for ὅλοσιν, retaining the ὧς ἄν (after 
ὅλοσιν in the MSS.) ; but Meineke reads as above. 


2 ᾿Ακούτειαν, conj. of Kramer, for ᾿Ακόντιαν ; so Meineke, 
and Tardieu. 


64 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 3. 1-3 


voyages inland and the importation of provisions 
might be unimpeded ; so that among the cities about 
the Tagus these are strongest. The Tagus abounds 
in fish, and is full of oysters. It rises in Celtiberia, 
and flows through Vettonia, Carpetania, and Lusitania, 
towards the equinoctial west,! up to a certain point 
being parallel to both the Anas and the Baetis, but 
after that diverging from those rivers, since they 
bend off towards the southern seaboard. 

2. Now of the peoples situated beyond the 
mountains mentioned above,? the Oretanians are 
most southerly, and their territory reaches as far as 
the seacoast in part of the country this side of the 
Pillars; the Carpetanians are next after these on the 
north; then the Vettonians and the Vaccaeans, 
through whose territory the Durius River flows, which 
affords a crossing at Acutia, a city of the Vaccaeans ; 
and last, the Callaicans, who occupy a very consider- 
able part of the mountainous country. For this 
reason, since they were very hard to fight with, the 
Callaicans themselves have not only furnished the 
surname for the man who defeated the Lusitanians 
but they have also brought it about that now, already, 
the most of the Lusitanians are called Callaicans. 
Now as for Oretania, its city of Castalo is very 
powerful, and so is Οὐδ. ὃ 

3. And yet the country north of the Tagus, 
Lusitania, is the greatest of the Iberian nations, 
and is the nation against which the Romans waged 
war for the longest times. The boundaries of this 
country are: on the southern side, the Tagus; on the 


1 Literally, the sunset at the equinox. % 8. 2. 3. 
3 Identical, apparently, with Nuestra Senora de Oreto, near 
Granatula. 


65 
VOL. II. F 


C 153 


STRABO 


\ δ ὁ , \ \ 3 \ ons , \ 

τὸ δ᾽ ἑσπέριον Kal τὸ ἀρκτικὸν ὁ ὠκεανός, TO 
3 ς \ “ἶ \ \ € be 2 
δ᾽ ἑωθινὸν οἵ te Καρπητανοὶ καὶ of Οὐέττωνες 

\ > a \ “ WA \ ΄, 7 A 
καὶ Οὐακκαῖοι καὶ KadXaixol, τὰ γνώριμα ἔθνη 

μὰ \ » YA 2 ΄ \ \ 
τἄλλα δὲ οὐκ ἄξιον ὀνομάζειν διὰ τὴν μικρότητα 

\ \ fe a an 4 \ 
καὶ τὴν ἀδοξίαν: ὑπεναντίως δὲ τοῖς νῦν ἔνιοι Kal 

3 
τούτους Λυσιτανοὺς ὀνομάζουσιν. ὅμοροι δ᾽ εἰσὶν 
ἐκ τοῦ πρὸς ἕω μέρους οἱ μὲν Καλλαϊκοὶ τῷ τῶν 
9 

᾿Αστούρων ἔθνει καὶ τοῖς Κελτίβηρσιν,᾿ οἱ ὃ 
ἄλλοι τοῖς Κελτίβηρσι. τὸ μὲν οὗν μῆκος μέχρι 

/ \ 
Νερίου 5 τρισχιλίων σταδίων, TO δὲ πλάτος πολὺ 

¢ a \ 

ἔλαττον, ὃ ποιεῖ TO ἑωθινὸν πλευρὸν εἰς τὴν ἀντι- 

7 7ὔ ς Ν ᾽ b) \ \ € \ 
κειμένην παραλίαν. ὑψηλὸν δ᾽ ἐστὶ τὸ ἑωθινὸν 

\ A 

Kal τραχύ, ἡ δὲ ὑποκειμένη χώρα πεδιὰς πᾶσα 
καὶ μέχρι θαλάττης πλὴν ὀλίγων ὀρῶν οὐ μεγά- 

᾿ (2 \ \ \ 2 7 \ ς 
λων 7 δὴ καὶ τὸν Αριστοτέλη φησὶν 0 Πσσει- 
δώνιος οὐκ ὀρθῶς αἰτιᾶσθαι τὴν παραλίαν καὶ τὴν 
Μαυρουσίαν τῶν πλημμυρίδων καὶ τῶν ἀμπώ- 
τέων παλιρροεῖν γὰρ φάναι τὴν θάλατταν διὰ τὸ 
τὰς ἄκρας ὑψηλάς τε καὶ τραχείας εἶναι, δεχομέ- 
νᾶς τε τὸ κῦμα σκληρῶς καὶ ἀνταποδιδούσας τῇ 

, \ 5 \ \ 

ion βίᾳ" 5 τἀναντία γὰρ θινώδεις εἶναι καὶ ταπεινὰς 
τὰς πλείστας ὀρθῶς λέγων. 

4, Ἢ & οὖν χώρα, περὶ ἧς “λέγομεν, εὐδαίμων 
τέ ἐστι καὶ διαρρεῖται, ποταμοῖς μεγάλοις τε καὶ 
μικροῖς, ἅπασιν ἐκ τῶν ἑωθινῶν μερῶν, παραλ- 

f A / Μ sy Nave) vA e , 
λήλοις TH Tayw: ἔχουσι δὲ καὶ ἀνάπλους οἱ πλείους 

\ an a a a \ 
Kal ψῆγμα τοῦ χρυσοῦ πλεῖστον. γνωριμώτατοι δὲ 
τῶν ποταμῶν ἐφεξῆς τῷ Τάγῳ Μούνδας, ἀνάπλους 


1 Κελτίβηρσιν, Groskurd, for Ἴβηρσιν ; so the other editors. 
2 μέχρι Νερίου, C. Miiller, for μυρίων καί ; so Tardieu. 

έχρ p 
3 τῇ ἴσῃ Biz, T. G. Tucker, for τῇ Ἰβηρία: 


66 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 3. 3-4 


western and northern, the ocean ; and on the eastern, 
the countries of the Carpetanians, Vettonians, Vac- 
caeans, and Callaicans, the well-known tribes; it is 
not worth while to name the rest, because of their 
smallness and lack of repute. Contrary to the men 
of to-day, however, some call also these peoples 
Lusitanians. These four peoples, in the eastern part 
of their countries, have common boundaries, thus: 
the Callaicans, with the tribe of the Asturians and 
with the Celtiberians, but the others with only the 
Celtiberians. Now the length of Lusitania to Cape 
Nerium is three thousand stadia, but its breadth, 
which is formed between its eastern side and the 
coast-line that lies opposite thereto, is much less. 
The eastern side is high and rough, but the country 
that lies below is all plain even to the sea, except a 
few mountains of no great magnitude. And this, of 
course, is why Poseidonius says that Aristotle is 
incorrect in making the coast-line + and Maurusia the 
cause of the flood-tides and the ebb-tides ; whom he 
quotes as saying that the sea ebbs and flows on 
account of the fact that the coast-lands are both 
high and rugged, which not only receive the waves 
roughly but give them back with equal violence. 
For on the contrary, Poseidonius correctly says, the 
coast-lands are for the most part sandy and low. 

4, At all events, the country of which I am 
speaking is fertile, and it is also traversed by rivers 
both large and small, all of them flowing from the 
eastern parts and parallel to the Tagus ; most of them 
offer voyages inland and contain very great quantities 
of gold-dust as well. Best known of the rivers 
immediately after the Tagus are the Mundas, which 


1 Of Iberia. 
67 


STRABO 


ἔχων μικρούς, καὶ Οὐακούα ὡσαύτως" μετὰ δὲ 
τούτους Δούριος μακρόθεν τε ῥέων παρὰ Νομαντίαν 
καὶ πολλὰς ἄλλας τῶν Κελτιβήρων καὶ Οὐακκαίων 
κατοικίας, μεγάλοις T ἀναπλεόμενος σκάφεσιν 
ἐπὶ ὀκτακοσίους σχεδόν τι σταδίους. εἶτ᾽ ἄλλοι 
ποταμοί" καὶ μετὰ τούτους ὁ τῆς Λήθης, ὅ ὅν τινες 
Λιμαίαν, οἱ δὲ Βελιῶνα καλοῦσι" καὶ οὗτος δ᾽ ἐκ 
Κελτιβήρων καὶ Οὐακκαίων ῥεῖ, καὶ ὁ μετ᾽ αὐτὸν 
Bains (οἱ δὲ Miéivov φασι) πολὺ μέγιστος τῶν 
ἐν Λυσιτανίᾳ ποταμῶν, ἐπὶ ὀκτακοσίους καὶ αὐτὸς 
ἀναπλεόμενος σταδίους. [Ποσειδώνιος δὲ ἐκ Καν- 
τάβρων καὶ αὐτὸν ῥεῖν φησι" πρόκειται δὲ τῆς 
ἐκβολῆς αὐτοῦ νῆσος καὶ χηλαὶ δύο ὅρμους ἔχου- 
σαι- ἐπαινεῖν δ᾽ ἄξιον τὴν. φύσιν, ὅτι τὰς ὄχθας 
ὑψηλὰς ἔχουσιν οἱ ποταμοὶ καὶ ἱκανὰς δέχεσθαι 
τοῖς ῥείθροις τὴν θάλατταν πλημμυροῦσαν, ὥστε 
μὴ ὑπερχεῖσθαι, μηδ᾽ ἐπιπολάζξειν ἐν τοῖς πεδίοις. 
τῆς μὲν οὖν Βρούτου στρατείας ὅρος οὗτος, περαι- 
τέρω δ᾽ εἰσὶν ἄλλοι πλείους ποταμοὶ παράνληλοι 
τοῖς λεχθεῖσιν. 

5. ἽὝστατοι δ᾽ οἰκοῦσιν ΓΑρταβροι περὶ τὴν 
ἄκραν, ἣ καλεῖται Νέριον, ἣ καὶ τῆς ἑσπερίου 
πλευρᾶς καὶ τῆς βορείου πέρας ἐστί. περιοικοῦσι 
δ᾽ αὐτὴν Κελτικοί, συγγενεῖς τῶν ἐπὶ τῷ "Ava. 
καὶ yap τούτους Kal Τουρδούλους στρατεύσαντας 
ἐκεῖσε στασιάσαι φασὶ μετὰ τὴν διάβασιν τοῦ 
Λιμαία ποταμοῦ" πρὸς δὲ τῇ στάσει καὶ ἀποβολῆς 
τοῦ ἡγεμόνος γενομένης, καταμεῖναι σκεδασθέντας 


1 << Forgetfulness.” 
2 “*Belion” is probably an Iberian corruption, or cognate, 
of the Latin ‘‘Oblivio.” 


63 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 3. 4-5 


offers short voyages inland, and likewise the Vacua. 
After these two is the Durius, which, coming from 
afar, flows by Numantia and many other settlements 
of the Celtiberians and Vaccaeans, and is navigable 
for large boats for a distance of about eight hundred 
stadia inland. Then come other rivers. And after 
these the River of Lethe,! which by some persons is 
called Limaeas, but by others Belion;? and _ this 
river, too, rises in the country of the Celtiberians and 
the Vaccaeans, as also does the river that comes after 
it, namely the Baenis (others say “ Minius’’), which 
is by far the greatest of the rivers in Lusitania—itself, 
also, being navigable inland for eight hundred stadia. 
Poseidonius, however, says that the Baenis rises in 
Cantabria. Off its mouth lies an island, and two 
breakwaters which afford anchorage for vessels. 
The nature of these rivers deserves praise, because 
the banks which they have are high, and adequate to 
receive within their channels the sea at high tide 
without overflowing or spreading over the plains. 
Now this river was the limit of Brutus’ campaign, 
though farther on there are several other rivers, 
parallel to those mentioned. 

5. Last of all come the Artabrians, who live in the 
neighbourhood of the cape called Nerium, which is 
the end of both the western and the northern side 
of Iberia. But the country round about the cape 
itself is inhabited by Celtic people, kinsmen of those 
on the Anas; for these people and the Turdulians 
made an expedition thither and then had a quarrel, 
it is said, after they had crossed the Limaeas River; 
and when, in addition to the quarrel, the Celtic 
peoples also suffered the loss of their chieftain, they 
scattered and stayed there; and it was from this 


ΡῚ 69 


C 154 


STRABO 


αὐτόθι ἐκ τούτου δὲ καὶ τὸν ποταμὸν Λήθης 
ἀγορευθῆναι. ἔχουσι δὲ οἱ ΓἌρταβροι πόλεις 
συχνὰς ἐν κόλπῳ συνοικουμένας, ὃν οἱ πλέοντες 
καὶ χρώμενοι τοῖς τόποις ᾿Αρτάβρων λιμένα προσ- 
αγορεύουσιν: οἱ δὲ νῦν τοὺς ᾿Αρτάβρους ᾽Αρο- 
τρέβας καλοῦσιν. ἔθνη μὲν οὖν περὶ τριάκοντα ' 
τὴν χώραν νέμεται τὴν μεταξὺ Τάγου καὶ τῶν 
᾿Αρτάβρων, εὐδαίμονος δὲ τῆς χώρας ὑπαρχούσης 
κατά τε καρποὺς καὶ βοσκήματα καὶ τὸ τοῦ χρυ- 
σοῦ καὶ ἀργύρου καὶ τῶν παραπλησίων πλῆθος, 
ὅμως οἱ πλείους αὐτῶν, τὸν ἀπὸ τῆς γῆς ἀφέντες 
βίον, ἐν λῃστηρίοις διετέλουν καὶ συνεχεῖ πολέμῳ 
πρός τε ἀλλήλους καὶ τοὺς ὁμόρους αὐτοῖς δια- 
βαίνοντες τὸν ' Τάγον, ἕως ἔπαυσαν αὐτοὺς Ῥωμαῖοι, 
ταπεινώσαντες καὶ κώμας ποιήσαντες τὰς πόλεις 
αὐτῶν τὰς πλείστας, ἐνίας δὲ καὶ συνοικίζοντες 
βέλτιον. ἦρχον δὲ τῆς ἀνομίας ταύτης οἱ ὀρεινοΐ, 
καθάπερ εἰκός" λυπρὰν γὰρ νεμόμενοι καὶ μικρὰ 
κεκτημένοι τῶν ἀλλοτρίων ἐπεθύμουν. οἱ δὲ 
ἀμυνόμενοι τούτους ἄκυροι τῶν ἰδίων ἔργων κα- 
θίσταντο ἐξ ἀνάγκης, ὥστ᾽ ἀντὶ τοῦ γεωργεῖν 
ἐπολέμουν καὶ οὗτοι, καὶ συνέβαινε τὴν χώραν 
ἀμελουμένην στεῖραν οὖσαν τῶν ἐμφύτων ἀγαθῶν 
οἰκεῖσθαι ὑπὸ λῃστῶν. 

6. Τοὺς δ᾽ οὖν Λυσιτανούς φασιν ἐνεδρευτικούς, 
ἐξερευνητικούς, ὀξεῖς, κούφους, εὐεξελίκτους" ἀσπί- 
διον δ᾽ αὐτοὺς δίπουν ἔχειν τὴν διάμετρον, κοῖλον 


1 Οἱ, and B (after a correction), read πεντήκοντα ; Groskurd 
following. 


1 Some of the MSS. read ‘‘fifty.” Pliny (4. 35) says there 
are ‘‘forty-six peoples” in Lusitania, but his Lusitania 


7° & 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 3. 5-6 


circumstance that the Limaeas was also called the 
River of Lethe. The Artabrians have many thickly- 
peopled cities on that gulf which the sailors who 
frequent those parts call the Harbour of the Art- 
abrians. The men of to-day, however, call the 
Artabrians Arotrebians. Now about thirty ! different 
tribes occupy the country between the Tagus and 
the Artabrians, and although the country was blest 
in fruits, in cattle, and in the abundance of its gold 
and silver and similar metals, still, most of the people 
had ceased to gain their livelihood from the earth, 
and were spending their time in brigandage and in 
continuous warfare both with each other and with 
their neighbours across the Tagus, until they were 
stopped by the Romans, who humbled them and 
reduced most of their cities to mere villages, 
though they improved some of their cities by adding 
colonies thereto. It was the mountaineers who 
began this lawlessness, as was likely to be the case ; 
for, since they occupied sorry land and possessed but 
little property, they coveted what belonged to the 
others. And the latter, in defending themselves 
against the mountaineers, were necessarily rendered 
powerless over their private estates, so that they, too, 
began to engage in war instead of farming; and the 
result was that the country, neglected because it was 
barren of planted products, became the home only 
of brigands. 

6. At any rate, the Lusitanians, it is said, are 
given to laying ambush, given to spying out, are 
quick, nimble, and good at deploying troops. They 
have a small shield two feet in diameter, concave 


comprehends more territory than that of Strabo. Ptolemaeus 
(2. 5) gives a list of fifty-seven cities as belonging to Lusitania. 


71 


STRABO 


εἰς TO προσθεν, τελαμῶσιν ἐξηρτημένον (οὔτε γὰρ 
πόρπακας οὔτ᾽ ἀντιλαβὰς ἔχει). παραξιφὶς πρὸς 
τούτοις ἢ κοπίς" λινοθώρακες οἱ πλείους" σπάνιοι 
δὲ ἁλυσιδωτοῖς χρῶνται καὶ τριλοφίαις, οἱ δ᾽ ἄλ- 
λοι νευρίνοις κράνεσιν" οἱ πεζοὶ δὲ καὶ κνημῖδας 
ἔχγουσιν, ἀκόντια δ᾽ ἕκαστος πλείω" τινὲς δὲ καὶ 
δόρατι χρῶνται. ἐπιδορατίδες δὲ χάλκεαι. ἐνίους 
é τῶν προσοικούντων τῷ Δουρίῳ ποταμῷ Λα- 
κωνικῶς διάγειν φασίν, ἀλειπτηρίοις χρωμένους 
dis καὶ πυρίαις ἐκ λίθων διαπύρων, ψυχρολου- 
τροῦντας καὶ μονοτροφοῦντας καθαρίως καὶ λιτῶς. 
θυτικοὶ δ᾽ εἰσὶ Λυσιτανοί, τά τε σπλάγχνα ἐπι- 
βλέπουσιν, οὐκ ἐκτέμνοντες" προσεπιβλέπουσι δὲ 
καὶ τὰς ἐν τῇ πλευρᾷ φλέβας, καὶ ψηλαφῶντες δὲ 
τεκμαίρονται. σπλαγχνεύονται δὲ καὶ δ’ ἀνθ- 
ρώπων αἰχμαλώτων, καλύπτοντες σάγοις" εἶθ 
ὅταν πληγῆ ὑπὸ τὰ σπλάγχνα ὑπὸ τοῦ ἱερο- 
, 
σκόπου, μαντεύονται πρῶτον ἐκ τοῦ πτώματος. 
τῶν δ᾽ ἁλόντων τὰς χεῖρας ἀποκόπτοντες τὰς 
δεξιὰς ἀνατιθέασιν. 

7.” Amavtes δ᾽ οἱ ὄρειοι λιτοῖ, ὑδροπόται, 
χαμαιεῦναι, βαθεῖαν κατακεχυμένοι τὴν κόμην. 
γυναικῶν δίκην. μιτρωσάμενοι δὲ τὰ μέτωπα 

C155 μάχονται. τραγοφαγοῦσι δὲ μάλιστα, καὶ τῷ 
ἼΑρει τρώγον θύουσι καὶ τοὺς αἰχμαλώτους καὶ 


1 Not ‘‘eating only one kind of food” (Stephanus’ 
Thesaurus, Liddell and Scott, and elsewhere). Athenaeus 
(2. 21) quotes Phylarchus as saying that ‘‘the Iberians 
always eat only one meal a day.” Cp.also Xen. Cyropaedia 

8. 8. 9. See the translator’s note in Classical Quarterly, 
London, April, 1917, pp. 182-134. 


72 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 3. 6-7 


in front, and suspended from the shoulder by means 
of thongs (for it has neither arm-rings nor handles). 
Besides these shields they have a dirk or a butcher’s- 
knife. Most of them wear linen cuirasses; a few 
wear chain-wrought cuirasses and helmets with 
three crests, but the rest wear helmets made of 
sinews. The foot-soldiers wear greaves also, and 
each soldier has several javelins; and some also make 
use of spears, and the spears have bronze heads. 
Now some of the peoples that dwell next to the 
Durius River live, it is said, after the manner of the 
Laconians—using anointing-rooms twice a day and 
taking baths in vapours that rise from heated stones, 
bathing in cold water, and eating only one meal 
a day; and that in a cleanly? and simple way. 
The Lusitanians are given to offering sacrifices, and 
they inspect the vitals, without cutting them out. 
Besides, they also inspect the veins on the side of the 
victim ; and they divine by the tokens of touch, too. 
They prophesy through means of the vitals of human 
beings also, prisoners of war, whom they first cover 
with coarse cloaks, and then, when the victim has 
been struck beneath the vitals by the diviner, they 
draw their first auguries from the fall of the victim. 
And they cut off the right hands of their captives 
and set them up as an offering to the gods. 

7. All the mountaineers lead a simple life, are 
water-drinkers, sleep on the ground, and let their 
hair stream down in thick masses after the manner 
of women, though before going into battle they bind 
their hair about the forehead. They eat goat’s-meat 
mostly, and to Ares they sacrifice a he-goat and also 


2 Cp. Diodorus Siculus, 5. 33, where the cleanly habits of 
the Celtiberians are similarly spoken of. 


73 


STRABO 


“4 a N Nore f ς , p. 
ἵππους" ποιοῦσι δὲ Kal ἑκατόμβας ἑκάστου γένους 
“Ἑλληνικῶς, ὡς καὶ Πίνδαρός φησι 


, VA € , 
πάντα θύειν ἑκατόν. 


τελοῦσι δὲ καὶ ἀγῶνας γυμνικοὺς καὶ ὁπλιτικοὺς 
καὶ ἱππικούς, πυγμῇ καὶ δρόμῳ καὶ διακροβολισμῷ 
καὶ τῇ σπειρηδὸν μάχῃ. οἱ δ᾽ ὄρειοι τὰ δύο μέρη 
τοῦ ἔτους δρυοβαλάνῳ χρῶνται, ξηράναντες καὶ 
κόψαντες, εἶτα ἀλέσαντες καὶ ἀρτοποιησάμενοι, 
ὥστ᾽ ἀποτίθεσθαι εἰς χρόνον. χρῶνται δὲ καὶ 
ζύθει: οἴνου 1 δὲ σπανίζονται" τὸν δὲ γενόμενον 
ταχὺ ἀναλίσκουσι κατευωχούμενοι μετὰ τῶν συγ- 
γενῶν' ἀντ᾽ ἐλαίου δὲ βουτύρῳ χρῶνται. καθή- 
μενοί τε δειπνοῦσι, περὶ τοὺς τοίχους καθέδρας 
οἰκοδομητὰς ἐ ἔχοντες, προκάθηνται δὲ καθ᾽ ἡλικίαν 
καὶ τιμήν. ᾿περιφορητὸν δὲ τὸ δεῖπνον, καὶ παρὰ 
πότον ὀρχοῦνται πρὸς αὐλὸν καὶ σάλπιγγα χο- 
ρεύοντες, ἀλλὰ καὶ ἀναλλόμενοι καὶ ὀκλάζοντες" 
ἐν Βαστητανίᾳ δὲ καὶ γυναῖκες ἀναμὶξ ἀνδράσι 
ἀντιλαμβανόμεναι " τῶν χειρῶν. μελανείμονες 
ἅπαντες, τὸ πλέον ἐν σάγοις, ἐν οἷσπερ καὶ στι- 
βαδοκοιτοῦσι. κηρίνοις δὲ ἀγγείοις χρῶνται, 
καθάπερ καὶ οἱ Κελτοί. αἱ γυναῖκες δ᾽ ἐν ἐνδύμασι 
καὶ ἀνθιναῖς ἐσθήσεσι διάγουσιν. ἀντὶ δὲ νομί- 
σματος οἵ ye” λίαν ἐν βάθει φορτίων ἀμοιβῇ 
χρῶνται, ἢ τοῦ ἀργυροῦ ἐλάσματος ἀποτέμνοντες 
διδόασι. τοὺς δὲ θανατουμένους καταπετροῦσι, 


1 οἴνου, Jones, for otve. Cp. ὧν τοῖς σπανιζομένοις 2. 5. 20. 

ὁ ἀνδράσι ἀντιλαμβανόμεναι, Groskurd, for ἀντὶ προσαντιλαμ- 
Pavone ret ; so Forbiger and Meineke. 

3 of γε, Groskurd, for oi δέ. 


+ Athenaeus gives a rather full description of the Celtic 
banquet (4, 36), but he says nothing of waxen vessels, The 


74 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 3. 7 


the prisoners and horses; and they also offer heca- 
tombs of each kind, after the Greek fashion—as 
Pindar himself says, “ to sacrifice a hundred of every 
kind.” They also hold contests, for light-armed 
and heavy-armed soldiers and cavalry, in boxing, in 
running, in skirmishing, and in fighting by squads. 
And the mountaineers, for two-thirds of the year, 
eat acorns, which they have first dried and crushed, 
and then ground up and made into a bread that may 
be stored away for a long time. They also drink 
beer; but they are scarce of wine, and what wine 
they have made they speedily drink up in merry 
feastings with their kinsfolk; and instead of olive- 
oil they use butter. Again, they dine sitting down, 
for they have stationary seats builded around the 
walls of the room, though they seat themselves 
forward according to age and rank. The dinner 
is passed round, and amid their cups they dance 
to flute and trumpet, dancing in chorus, but also 
leaping up and crouching low. But in Bastetania 
women too dance promiscuously with men, taking 
hold of their hands. All the men dress in black, 
for the most part in coarse cloaks, in which they 
sleep, on their beds of litter. And they use waxen 
vessels, just as the Celts do But the women 
always go clad in long mantles and gay-coloured 
gowns. Instead of coined money the people, at 
least those who live deep in the interior, employ 
barter, or else they cut off pieces from beaten silver 
metal and pass them as money. Those who are 
condemned to death they hurl from precipices; and 


editors have variously emended the Greek word for 
‘‘waxen”: to ‘‘ wooden,” ‘‘earthen,” ‘‘plaited,” and 
‘‘made of horns.” But see the translator’s note in Classical 
Quarterly, London, April, 1917, pp. 182-134. 


75 


C 156 


STRABO 


τοὺς δὲ πατραλοίας ἔξω τῶν ὀρῶν ἢ TOV ποταμῶν 
καταλεύουσι. γαμοῦσι δ᾽ ὥσπερ οἱ λληνες.: τοὺς 
δὲ ἀρρώστους, ὥσπερ οἱ Αἰγύπτιοι τὸ παλαιόν, 
προτιθέασιν εἰς τὰς ὁδοὺς τοῖς πεπειραμένοις τοῦ 
πάθους ὑποθήκης χάριν. διφθερίνοις τε πλοίοις 
ἐχρῶντο ἕως ἐπὶ Βρούτου διὰ τὰς πλημμυρίδας 
καὶ τὰ τενάγη, νυνὶ δὲ καὶ τὰ μονόξυλα ἤδη 
σπάνια. ἅλες πορφυροῖ, τριφθέντες δὲ λευκοί. 
ἔστι δὲ τῶν ὀρείων ὁ βίος οὗτος, ὥσπερ ἔφην, 
λέγω τοὺς τὴν βόρειον πλευρὰν ἀφορίζοντας τῆς 
Ἰβηρίας, Καλλαϊκοὺς καὶ Actovpas καὶ Kavtd- 
βρους μέχρι Οὐασκώνων καὶ τῆς Πυρήνης" ὁμοει- 
δεῖς γὰρ ἁπάντων οἱ βίοι. ὀκνῶ δὲ τοῖς ὀνόμασι 
πλεονάξειν, φεύγων τὸ ἀηδὲς τῆς γραφῆς, εἰ μή 
τινι πρὸς ἡδονῆς ἐστιν ἀκούειν λευταύρους καὶ 
Βαρδυήτας καὶ ᾿Αλλότριγας καὶ ἄλλα χείρω καὶ 
ἀσημότερα τούτων ὀνόματα. 

8. Τὸ δὲ δυσήμερον καὶ ἀγριῶδες οὐκ ἐκ τοῦ 
πολεμεῖν συμβέβηκε “μόνον, ἀλλὰ καὶ διὰ τὸν 
ἐκτοπισμόν' καὶ γὰρ ὁ πλοῦς ἐπ᾽ αὐτοὺς μακρὸς 
καὶ αἱ ὁδοί, δυσεπίμικτοι δ᾽ ὄντες ἀποβεβλήκασι 
τὸ κοινωνικὸν καὶ τὸ φιλάνθρωπον. ἧττον δὲ 
νῦν τοῦτο πάσχουσι διὰ τὴν εἰρήνην καὶ τὴν τῶν 
“Ῥωμαίων ἐπιδημίαν" ὅσοις δ᾽ ἧττον τοῦτο συμ- 


1 Kramer conjectures ᾿Ασσύριοι for Αἰγύπτιοι, citing Hero- 
dotus 1. 197 and Strabo 16. 1. 20. So read Forbiger, Miiller- 
Diibner, and Meineke. 


1 Since this custom was followed by the Assyrians (Hero- 
dotus 1. 197 and Strabo 16. 1. 20), and since there is no other 
account of such a practice among the Egyptians, some of the 
editors have presumed to emend the text, perhaps rightly. 


76 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 3. 7-8 


the parricides they stone to death out beyond their 
mountains or their rivers. ‘They marry in the same 
way as the Greeks. Their sick they expose upon 
the streets, in the same way as the Egyptians! did 
in ancient times, for the sake of their getting sug- 
gestions from those who have experienced the 
disease. Again, up to the time of Brutus? they 
used boats of tanned leather on account of the flood- 
tides and the shoal-waters, but now, already, even 
the dug-out canoes are rare. Their rock-salt is red, 
but when crushed it is white. Now this, as I was 
saying, is the mode of life of the mountaineers, I 
mean those whose boundaries mark off the northern 
side of Iberia, namely, the Callaicans, the Asturians, 
and the Cantabrians, as far as the Vasconians and the 
Pyrenees; for the modes of life of all of them are 
of like character. I shrink from giving too many of 
the names, shunning the unpleasant task of writing 
them down—unless it comports with the pleasure 
of some one to hear “ Pleutaurans,” “ Bardyetans,” 
““ Allotrigans,’’ and other names still less pleasing 
and of less significance than these. 

8. The quality of intractability and wildness in 
these peoples has not resulted solely from their 
engaging in warfare, but also from their remote- 
ness; for the trip to their country, whether by sea 
or by land, is long, and since they are difficult to 
communicate with, they have lost the instinct of 
sociability and humanity. They have this feeling 
of intractability and wildness to a less extent now, 
however, because of the peace and of the sojourns 
of the Romans among them. But wherever such 


2 See footnote 4, page 63. 
77 


STRABO 


βαίνει, χαλεπώτεροί εἰσι καὶ θηριωδέστεροι. 
τοιαύτης δ᾽ οὔσης καὶ ἀπὸ τῶν τόπων λυπρότητος 
ἐνίοις καὶ τῶν ὀρείων, εἰκὸς ἐπιτείνεσθαι τὴν 
τοιαύτην ἀτοπίαν. ἀλλὰ νῦν, ὡς εἶπον, πέπαυται 
πολεμοῦντα πάντα" τούς τε γὰρ συνέχοντας ἔτι 
νῦν μάλιστα τὰ λῃστήρια Καντάβρους καὶ τοὺς 
γειτονεύοντας αὐτοῖς κατέλυσεν ὁ Σεβαστὸς Kai- 
cap, Kal ἀντὶ τοῦ “πορθεῖν τοὺς τῶν Ῥωμαίων 
συμμάχους στρατεύουσι νῦν ὑπὲρ τῶν Ῥωμαίων 
οἵ τε ΚΚωνιακοὶ καὶ οἱ πρὸς ταῖς πηγαῖς τοῦ 
Ἴβηρος οἰκοῦντες Πληντούισοι. ὅ τ᾽ ἐκεῖνον 
διαδεξάμενος Τιβέριος, τριῶν ταγμάτων στρατιω- 
τικὸν ἐπιστήσας τοῖς τόποις, τὸ ἀποδειχθὲν ὑπὸ 
τοῦ Σεβαστοῦ Καίσαρος, οὐ μόνον εἰρηνικούς, 
ἀλλὰ καὶ πολιτικοὺς ἤδη τινὰς αὐτῶν ἀπεργα- 
σάμενος τυγχάνει. 


IV 


ΤΊ Λοιπὴ δ᾽ ἐστὶ τῆς Ἰβηρίας i) τε ἀπὸ Στηλῶν 
μέχρι τῆς Πυρήνης καθ᾽ ἡμᾶς παραλία καὶ ἡ 
ταύτης ὑπερκειμένη μεσόγαια πᾶσα τὸ μὲν πλά- 
τος ἀνώμαλος, τὸ δὲ μῆκος μικρῷ πλειόνων ἢ 
τετρακισχιλίων σταδίων, τὸ δὲ τῆς παραλίας ἔτι 3 
πλεῖον καὶ δισχιλίοις σταδίοις εἴρηται. φασὶ δὲ 
ἀπὸ μὲν Κάλπης, τοῦ κατὰ Στήλας ὄρους, ἐπὶ 
Καρχηδόνα Νέαν δισχιλίους καὶ διακοσίους στα- 
δίους" οἰκεῖσθαι δὲ τὴν ἠόνα ταύτην ὑπὸ Βαστη- 
τανῶν, ods καὶ Βαστούλους καλοῦσιν, ἐκ μέρους 


1 ὀρείων, Jones, for ὁρῶν (cp. ὀρείων 8. 3. 7). 
2 ἔτι, Groskurd, for ἐπί. 


78 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 3. 8-4. 1 


sojourns are rarer the people are harder to deal with 
and more brutish; and if some are so disagreeable 
merely as the result of the remoteness of their regions, 
it is likely that those who live in the mountains are 
still more outlandish. But now, as I have said, they 
have wholly ceased carrying on war; for both the 
Cantabrians (who still to-day more than the rest 
keep together their bands of robbers) and _ their 
neighbours have been subdued by Augustus Caesar ; 
and instead of plundering the allies of the Romans, 
both the Coniacans! and the Plentuisans,? who live 
near the source of the Iberus, now take the field for 
the Romans. Further, Tiberius, his successor, has set 
over these regions an army of three legions (the army 
already appointed by Augustus Caesar), and it so 
happens that he already has rendered some of the 
peoples not only peaceable but civilised as well. 


IV 


1. There remains of Iberia the seaboard of Our 
Sea from the Pillars to the Pyrenees Mountains, 
and also the whole of the interior above it, which is 
unequal in breadth but slightly more than four 
thousand stadia in length, though the length of the 
seaboard has been given as still greater than that 
by as much as two thousand stadia. They say that 
the distance from Calpe, the mountain near the 
Pillars, to New Carthage is two thousand two 
hundred stadia; and this coast is inhabited by 
Bastetanians, who are also called Bastulians, and, 

1 Possibly a corruption for ‘‘Coniscans,” whom Strabo 


mentions later on as being a Cantabrian tribe (3. 4. 12). 
2 A people otherwise unknown. 


is 


C 157 


STRABO 


δὲ Kal ὑπὸ Ὡρητανῶν. ἐντεῦθεν δ᾽ ἐπὶ τὸν Ἴβηρα 
ἄλλους τοσούτους σχεδόν τ ταύτην δ᾽ ἔχειν 
᾿Βδητανούς. ἐντὸς δὲ τοῦ Ἴβηρος μέχρι “Πυρήνης 
καὶ τῶν Πομπηίου ἀναθημάτων χιλίους καὶ 
ἑξακοσίους: οἰκεῖν δὲ ᾿Εδητανῶν τε ὀλίγους καὶ 
λοιπὸν τοὺς ,“προσαγορευομένους Ἰνδικήτας, μεμε- 
ρισμένους πέτραχα. 

2. Kara μέρος δὲ ἀπὸ Κάλπης ἀρξαμένοις 
ῥάχις ἐστὶν ὀρεινὴ τῆς Βαστητανίας καὶ τῶν 
᾿Ωρητανῶν, δασεῖαν ὕλην ἔχουσα καὶ μεγαλό- 
δενδρον, διορίζουσα τὴν παραλίαν ἀπὸ τῆς μεσο- 
γαίας. πολλαχοῦ δὲ κἀνταῦθά ἐστι χρυσεῖα καὶ 
ἄλλα μέταλλα. πόλις δ᾽ ἐστὶν ἐν τῇ παραλίᾳ 
ταύτῃ πρώτη Μάλακα, ἴσον διέχουσα τῆς Κάλπης, 
ὅσον καὶ τὰ Γάδειρα" ἐμπόριον δ᾽ ἐστὶ νῦν 1 τοῖς 
ἐν τῇ περαίᾳ Νομάσι," καὶ ταριχείας δὲ ἔχει με- 
γάλας. ταύτην τινὲς τῇ Μαινάκῃ τὴν αὐτὴν 
νομίζουσιν, ἣν ὑστάτην τῶν Φωκαϊκῶν πόλεων 
πρὸς δύσει κειμένην παρειλήφαμεν, οὐκ ἔστι δέ: 
ἀλλ᾽ ἐκείνη μὲν ἀπωτέρω τῆς Κάλπης ἐστί, κατε- 
σκαμμένη, τὰ δ᾽ ἴχνη σώζουσα “Ελληνικῆς πόλεως, 
ἡ δὲ Μάλακα πλησίον μᾶλλον, Φοινικικὴ τῷ 
σχήματι. ἐφεξῆς δ᾽ ἐστὶν ἡ τῶν ᾿Εξιτανῶν πόλις, 
ἐξ ἧς καὶ τὰ ταρίχη ἐπωνύμως λέγεται. 

3. Μετὰ ταύτην Αβδηρα, Φοινίκων κτίσμα 
καὶ αὐτή. ὑπὲρ δὲ τών τόπων ἐν τῇ ὀρεινῇ δεί- 

1 ἐστὶ viv, A. Miller, for ἐστὶν ev; A. Vogel approving. 


2 Noudot, Tyrwhitt, for the corrupt σαίμασι ; so Groskurd, 
and Meineke. 


1 These Trophies were set up near what is now La Junquera. 
Cp. Sallust, Hist. Frag. 4. 29 (Dietsch). 


80 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 1-3 


in part, by Oretanians also; thence to the Iberus is 
another distance of about the same number of stadia, 
and this coast is occupied by Edetanians ; and thence, 
this side the Iberus, to the Pyrenees and the Trophies 
of Pompey! is a coast of sixteen hundred stadia, 
which is inhabited by a few of the Edetanians, and 
also, for the rest of the way, by the peoples called 
Indicetans, who have been divided into four tribes. 

2. In detail: if we begin from Calpe, we have a 
mountain-chain belonging to Bastetania and to the 
Oretanians, which has dense forests of tall trees, 
and separates the coast from the interior. Here 
also, in many places, there are mines of gold and 
other metals. The first city on this coastline is 
Malaca, which is as far distant from Calpe as Gades 
is; it is now an emporium for the Nomads on the 
opposite coast,? and it also has great establishments 
for salting fish. Some regard Malaca as identical 
with Maenaca,’? which, as we have been taught, lies 
farthest of the Phocaean cities in the west; but this 
is not true. On the contrary, the city of Maenaca 
is farther away from Calpe, and is now in ruins 
(though it still preserves the traces of a Greek city), 
whereas Malaca is nearer, and bears the stamp of a 
Phoenician city. Next thereafter comes the city* 
of the Exitanians, after which the salted fish take 
their trade name. 

3. After this city comes Abdera, which is itself a 
place founded by the Phoenicians. Beyond the 
regions in question, in the mountain country, 


2 Of Africa. 

3 The present site of Almunecar. 

4 The name of the city was ‘‘ Sex” according to Ptolemaeus 
(2. 4. 7), ‘‘ Hexi” according to Pomponius Mela (2. 6). 


81 


VOL Ii: G 


STRABO 


κνυται Ὀδύσσεια καὶ τὸ ἱερὸν τῆς ᾿Αθηνᾶς ἐν αὐτῇ, 
ὡς ἸΠοσειδώνιός τε εἴρηκε καὶ ᾿Αρτεμίδωρος καὶ 
᾿Ασκληπιάδης ὁ ὁ Μυρλεανός, ἀνὴρ ἐν τῇ Τουρδη- 
τανίᾳ παιδεύσας τὰ γραμματικὰ καὶ περιήγησίν 
τινα τῶν ἐθνῶν ἐκδεδωκὼς τῶν ταύτῃ. οὗτος δέ 
φησιν ὑπομνήματα τῆς πλάνης τῆς Ὀδυσσέως 
ἐν τῷ ἱερῷ τῆς ᾿Αθηνᾶς ἀσπίδας προσπεπαᾶττα- 
λεῦσθαι καὶ ἀκροστόλια. ἐν Καλλαϊκοῖς δὲ τῶν 
μετὰ Τεύκρου στρατευσάντων τινὰς οἰκῆσαι, καὶ 
ὑπάρξαι πόλεις αὐτόθι, τὴν μὲν καλουμένην 
“Ἕλληνες, τὴν δὲ ᾿Αμφίλοχοι, ὡς καὶ τοῦ ᾿Αμφι- 
λόχου τελευτήσαντος δεῦρο καὶ τῶν συνόντων 
πλανηθέντων μέχρι τῆς μεσογαίας. καὶ τῶν 
μεθ᾽ Ἡρακλέους δέ τινας καὶ τῶν ἀπὸ Μεσσήνης 
ἱστορῆσθαί φησιν ἐποικῆσαι τὴν ᾿Ιβηρίαν, τῆς 
δὲ Κανταβρίας μέρος τι κατασχεῖν Λάκωνας καὶ 
οὗτός φησι καὶ ἄλλοι. ἐνταῦθα δὲ καὶ ᾿Ωψικέλ- 
Nav! πόλιν ᾿Οκέλα ἱ κτίσμα λέγουσι τοῦ μετὰ 
᾿Αντήνορος καὶ τῶν παίδων αὐτοῦ διαβάντος. εἰς 
τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν. καὶ ἐν τῇ Διβύῃ δὲ πεπιστεύκασί 
τινες, τοῖς τῶν Ραδειριτῶν ἐ ἐμπόροις προσέχοντες, 
ὡς καὶ ᾿Αρτεμίδωρος εἴρηκεν, ὅτε οἱ ὑπὲρ τῆς 
Μαυρουσίας οἰκοῦντες πρὸς τοῖς ἑσπερίοις Αὐ- 
θίοψι Λωτοφάγοι καλοῦνται σιτούμενοι λωτόν, 
πόαν τινὰ καὶ ῥίζαν, οὐ δεόμενοι δὲ ποτοῦ, οὐδὲ 
ἔχοντες διὰ τὴν ἀνυδρίαν, διατείνοντες καὶ μέχρι 
τῶν ὑπὲρ τῆς Κυρήνης τόπων. ἄλλοι τε πάλιν 


1 Siebenkees is probably right in emending ᾿Ωψικέλλα to 
᾿Ωκέλλαν and Ὀκέλα to ᾿Ωκέλλα; so, in general, the later 
editors read. Strabo epp ree has in mind the ’Oxéadov 
(or ’OxéAov) of Ptolemaeus (2. 5. 7); cp. the Ocelenses of Pliny 
(4. 35). 


82 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 3 


Odysseia is to be seen, and in it the temple of 
Athene, as has been stated by Poseidonius, Artemi- 
dorus, and Asclepiades the Myrlean, a man who 
taught grammar in Turdetania and has published an 
account of the tribes of that region. According to 
Asclepiades, shields and ships’ beaks have been 
nailed up in the temple of Athene as memorials of 
the wanderings of Odysseus; and some of those who 
made the expedition with Teucer lived in Callaicia, 
and there were once two cities there, of which one 
was called Hellenes,t and the other, Amphilochi ; 3 
for not only did Amphilochus die at the place, but 
his companions wandered as far as the interior of the 
country. And, he further says, history tells us that 
some of the companions of Heracles and of the 
emigrants from Messene colonised Iberia. As for 
Cantabria, a part of it was seized and held by the 
Laconians, according to both Asclepiades and others. 
Here, too, they mention a city Opsicella, founded by 
Ocelas, who in company with Antenor and _ his 
children crossed over to Italy. Furthermore, in the 
case of Libya, some have believed, giving heed to 
the merchants of Gades (as Artemidorus has already 
stated), that the people who live beyond Maurusia 
next to the Western Ethiopians are called Lotus- 
eaters because they feed on lotus (a sort of plant 
and root) and do not need drink, or have any, either, 
since there is no water in their entire country, 
although it stretches even as far as the regions of 
Cyrene. And there is still another people called 


1 Named after Hellen, the eponymous hero of the 


Hellenes. 
2 Named after Amphilochus, Cp. 14. 4. 3. 


83 


C 158 


STRABO 


καλοῦνται Λωτοφάγοι, τὴν ἑτέραν οἰκοῦντες τῶν 
πρὸ τῆς μικρᾶς Σύρτεως νήσων, τὴν Μήνιγγα. 

4, Ov δὴ θαυμάζοι τις ἂν οὔτε τοῦ ποιητοῦ τὰ 
περὶ τὴν ᾽Οδυσσέως πλάνην μυθογραφήσαντος 
τοῦτον τὸν τρόπον ὥστ᾽ ἔξω Στηλῶν ἐν τῷ ᾿Ατ- 
λαντικῷ πελάγει τὰ πολλὰ διαθέσθαι τῶν λεγο- 
μένων περὶ αὐτοῦ (τὰ γὰρ ἱστορούμενα ἐγγὺς ἣν, 
καὶ τοῖς τόποις καὶ τοῖς ἄλλοις τῶν ὑπ᾽ ἐκείνου 
πεπλασμένων, ὥστε οὐκ ἀπίθανον ἐποίει τὸ 
πλάσμα), οὔτ᾽ εἴ τίνες αὐταῖς τε ταύταις ταῖς 
ἱστορίαις πιστεύσαντες καὶ τῇ πολυμαθίᾳ τοῦ 
ποιητοῦ καὶ πρὸς ἐπιστημονικὰς ὑποθέσεις ἔτρε- 
ψαν τὴν Ὁμήρου ποίησιν, καθάπερ Κράτης τε 
ὸ Μαλλώτης ἐποίησε καὶ ἄλλοι TWWés. OLO οὕτως 
ἀγροίκως ἐδέξαντο τὴν ἐπιχείρησιν τὴν τοιαύτην 
ὥστε οὐ μόνον τὸν ποιητὴν σκαπανέως ἢ θερι- 
στοῦ δίκην ἐκ πάσης τῆς τοιαύτης ἐπιστήμης 
ἐξέβαλον, ἀλλὰ καὶ τοὺς ἁψαμένους τῆς τοιαύτης 
πραγματείας μαινομένους ὑπέλαβον" συνηγορίαν 
δὲ ἢ ἐπανόρθωσιν ἤ τι τοιοῦτον ἕτερον εἰς τὰ 
λεχθέντα ὑπ᾽ ἐκείνων εἰσενεγκεῖν οὐκ ἐθάρρησεν 
οὔτε τῶν γραμματικῶν οὔτε τῶν περὶ τὰ μαθή- 
ματα δεινῶν οὐδείς. καίτοι ἐμοί γε δοκεῖ δυνα- 
τὸν εἶναι καὶ συνηγορῆσαι πολλοῖς τῶν λεχθέντων 
καὶ εἰς ἐπανόρθωσιν ἄγειν καὶ μάλιστα εἰς ταῦτα, 
ὅσα ἸΠυθέας παρεκρούσατο τοὺς πιστεύσαντας 
αὐτῷ κατὰ ἄγνοιαν τῶν τε ἑσπερίων τόπων καὶ 
τῶν προσβόρρων τῶν παρὰ τὸν ὠκεανόν. ἀλλὰ 
ταῦτα μὲν ἐάσθω, λόγον ἔχοντα ἴδιον καὶ μακρόν. 


1 See 2. 5. 20. | 2 Homer. 
3 That is, Crates and others. 


34 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 3.4 


Lotus-eaters, who dwell in one of the two islands 
off the Lesser Syrtis, I mean Meninx.1 

4, So no one could be surprised if, in the first place, 
the poet? has written his mythical account of the 
wanderings of Odysseus in such a way as to set 
most of his stories of Odysseus in the Atlantic Sea 
beyond the Pillars of Heracles (for the stories he told 
were so closely related to the facts, both in respect 
of places and of everything else created by his fancy, 
that he rendered his fiction not unplausible) ; nor 
surprised if, in the second place, some men, having 
believed in these stories themselves and also in the 
wide learning of the poet, have actually turned 
the poetry of Homer to their use as a basis of scienti- 
fic investigations, as has been done by Crates of 
Mallos and certain others as well. Other men, how- 
ever, have greeted all attempts of that sort with such 
ferocity that they not only have cast out the poet, 
as though he were a mere ditch-digger or harvest- 
labourer, from the whole field of scientific knowledge 
of this kind, but also have supposed to be madmen 
all who have taken in hand such a task as that; but 
as for introducing any defence, or revision, or anything 
else of the kind, for the assertions of those men,? no 
one either among the grammarians or the scientific 
experts has ventured to do so. And yet, to me at 
least, it seems to be possible not only to defend 
many of their assertions, but to bring them under 
revision, and in particular all those wherein Pytheas 
has led astray those men who, in ignorance both of 
the regions in the west and of those in the north 
along the ocean, have believed him. But let us pass 
by these matters, since they involve a special and 
lengthy discussion. 


85 


STRABO 


fol a ¢ / 3 αὖ 
5. Τῆς δὲ τῶν “Ελλήνων πλάνης εἰς τὰ βάρβαρα 
“0 / A » \ ὃ A θ \ 
ἔθνη νομίζοι τις ἂν αἴτιον τὸ διεσπάσθαι κατὰ 
Ψ \ rg 
μέρη μικρὰ καὶ δυναστείας ἐπιπλοκὴν οὐκ ἐχού- 
ὦ 3 / ? > ie Ψ 3 ih 
gas πρὸς ἀλλήλους KAT αὐθάδειαν, ὥστε ἐκ TOU- 
του πρὸς τοὺς ἐπιόντας ἔξωθεν ἀσθενεῖς εἶναι. 
a Ν ETSI, 
τοῦτο δὲ TO αὔθαδες ἐν δὴ 1 τοῖς Ἴβηρσι μάλιστα 
an \ Ν fa) YA 
ἐπέτεινε, προσλαβοῦσι Kal TO πανοῦργον φύσει 
\ \ Nate Ayeealss θ \9 \ \ 
καὶ TO μὴ ἁπλοῦν" ἐπιθετικοὶ 5. yap Kal λῃστρι- 
ral / \ \ la) 
Kol τοῖς βίοις ἐγένοντο τὰ μικρὰ τολμῶντες, 
/ \ 
μεγάλοις δ᾽ οὐκ ἐπιβαλλόμενοι διὰ TO μεγάλας 
\ 
μὴ κατασκευάξεσθαι δυνάμεις καὶ κοινωνίας. εἰ 
᾿ 
γὰρ δὴ συνασπίξειν ἐβούλοντο ἀλλήλοις, οὔτε 
a x / 
Καρχηδονίοις ὑπῆρξεν ἂν καταστρέψασθαι ἐπελ- 
a 7 n / 
Goto. τὴν πλείστην αὐτῶν ἐκ περιουσίας, Kal 
, n ε lal 
ἔτι πρότερον Τυρίοις, εἶτα Κελτοῖς, ot νῦν ἹΚελτί- 
βηρες καὶ βΒήρωνες καλοῦνται, οὔτε τῷ λῃστῇ 
,ὕ \ n 
Οὐριάθῳ καὶ Σερτωρίῳ μετὰ ταῦτα Kal εἴ τινες 
“ / 2 a / € an Sf 
ὅτεροι δυναστείας ἐπεθύμησαν μείζονος. “Ῥωμαῖοί 
» x 7 \ x v an 
TE τῷ κατὰ μέρη πρὸς τοὺς Ἴβηρας πολεμεῖν Kad 
\ 1G \ fd 
ἑκάστην διὰ ταύτην THY δυναστείαν πολύν τινα 
7 / 7 , 7 
διετέλεσαν χρόνον, ἄλλοτ᾽ ἄλλους καταστρεφό- 
, 
μενοι τέως, ἕως ἅπαντας ὑποχειρίους ἔλαβον δια- 
n / ” Ἃ / 
κοσιοστῷ σχεδὸν TL ἔτει ἢ μακρότερον. ἐπάνειμι 
δὲ ἐπὶ τὴν περιήγησιν. 
\ / Vv 
6. Mera toivuy"ABdnpa ἐστι Καρχηδὼν ἡ Νέα, 
, / fa} 
κτίσμα ᾿Ασδρούβα, τοῦ διαδεξαμένου Βάρκαν 


1 δή, Meineke, for δέ. 
2 ἐπιθετικοί, Corais, for ἐπίθετοι ; so the later editors. 


86 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 5-6 


5. Now the wanderings of the Greeks to the 
barbarian nations might be regarded as caused by 
the fact that the latter had become split up into 
petty divisions and sovereignties which, on the 
strength of their self-sufficiency, had no intercourse 
with one another; and hence, as a result, they were 
powerless against the invaders from abroad. This 
spirit of self-sufficiency, among the Iberians I mean, 
was particularly intense, since by nature they had 
already received both the quality of knavery and 
that of insincerity. For by their modes of life they 
became inclined to attack and to rob, venturing 
only upon petty undertakings, and never throwing 
themselves into large ones, because they would not 
establish large forces and confederations. For surely, 
if they had been willing to be shield-fellows with 
one another, it would not have been possible, in the 
first place, for the Carthaginians to overrun and sub- 
due the most of their country by superiority of forces, 
or in still earlier times for the Tyrians to do so, or 
after that, for those Celti who are now called Celti- 
berians and Veronians; nor, in the second place, 
later on, for the brigand Viriathus, or for Sertorius, 
or for any others who may have coveted wider 
dominion. And the Romans, since they carried on 
merely a piecemeal war against the Iberians, attack- 
ing each territory separately, spent some considerable 
time in acquiring dominion here, subjecting first 
one group and then another, until, after about 
two hundred years or longer, they got them all 
under control. But I return to my geographical 
description. 

6. After Abdera, then, comes New Carthage, 
which was founded by Hasdrubal, the successor of 


37 


C 159 


STRABO 


TOV ᾿Αννίβα πατέρα, κρατίστη πολὺ τῶν ταύτῃ 
πόλεων᾽ καὶ γὰρ ἐρυμνότητι καὶ τείχει κατεσκευ- 
ἀσμένῳ καλῶς καὶ λιμέσι καὶ λίμνῃ κεκόσμηται 
καὶ τοῖς τῶν ἀργυρίων μετάλλοις, περὶ ὧν εἰρή- 
καμεν᾽ κἀνταῦθα δὲ καὶ ἐν τοῖς πλησίον τόποις 
πολλὴ ἡ ταριχεία: καὶ ἔστι τοῦτο μεῖζον ἐμπόριον 
τῶν μὲν ἐκ θαλάττης τοῖς ἐν τῇ μεσογαίᾳ, τῶν δ᾽ 
ἐκεῖθεν τοῖς ἔξω πᾶσιν. ἡ δ᾽ ἐνθένδε μέχρι τοῦ 
Ἴβηρος παραλία κατὰ μέσον πως τὸ διάστημα 
ἔχει τὸν Se ποταμὸν καὶ τὴν ἐκβολὴν 
αὐτοῦ καὶ πόλιν ὁμώνυμον" ῥεῖ δὲ ἐκ τοῦ συνεχοῦς 
ὄρους τῇ ὑπερκειμένῃ ῥάχει τῆς τε Μαλάκας 
καὶ τῶν περὶ Καρχηδόνα 1 τόπων, περατὸς πεζῇ, 
παράλληλος δέ πως τῷ Ἴβηρι, μικρὸν δὲ διέχει 
τῆς Καρχηδόνος ἧττον ἢ τοῦ Ἴβηρος. μεταξὺ 
μὲν οὖν τοῦ Σούκρωνος καὶ τῆς Καρχηδόνος τρία 
πολίχνια Μασσαλιωτῶν εἰσιν οὐ πολὺ ἄπωθεν 
τοῦ ποταμοῦ" τούτων δ᾽ ἐστὶ “γνωριμώτατον τὸ 
Ἡμεροσκοπεῖον, ἔχον ἐπὶ τῇ ἄκρᾳ τῆς ᾿Εφεσίας 
᾿Αρτέμιδος ἱ ἱερὸν σφόδρα τιμώμενον, ᾧ ἐχρήσατο 
Σερτώριος ὁ ὁρμητηρίῳ κατὰ θάλατταν" ἐρυμνὸν γάρ 
ἐστι καὶ λῃστρικόν, κάτοπτον δὲ ἐκ πολλοῦ τοῖς 
προσπλέουσι, καλεῖται δὲ Διάνιον, οἷον ᾿Αρτεμί- 
σιον, ἔχον σιδηρεῖα εὐφυῆ πλησίον καὶ νησίδια, 
Πλανησίαν καὶ ἸΤΪλουμβαρίαν, καὶ λιμνοθάλατταν 
ὑπερκειμένην, ἔχουσαν κύκλον 5 σταδίων τετρα- 


1 ὑπερκειμένων before τόπων, Xylander omits; go the later 


editors. 
2 κύκλον, Casaubon, for ἐν κύκλῳ. 


1 That is, colonised from Marseilles. 


88 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 6 


Barcas, the father of Hannibal. New Carthage is 
by far the most powerful of all the cities in this 
country, for it is adorned by secure fortifications, 
by walls handsomely built, by harbours, by a lake, 
and by the silver mines of which I have spoken. 
And here, as well as at the places near by, the fish- 
salting industry is large. Furthermore, New Carthage 
is a rather important emporium, not only of the 
imports from the sea for the inhabitants of the 
interior, but also of the exports from the interior 
for all the outside world. On the coast from New 
Carthage up to the Iberus, about midway between 
these two points, are the Sucro River and its mouth, 
and a city with the same name as the river. The 
river rises in the mountain which connects with the 
mountain-chain that lies beyond Malaca and the 
regions about New Carthage; it can be waded, 
runs about parallel to the Iberus, and is slightly less 
distant from New Carthage than from the Iberus. 
Now between the Sucro River and New Carthage, 
not far from the river, there are three small 
Massiliote! cities. Of these, the best known is 
Hemeroscopeium,? a place held in very great esteem, 
since it has on its promontory a temple of the 
Ephesian Artemis; and it was used by Sertorius 
as a naval base. For it is a natural stronghold and 
adapted to piracy, and is visible at a considerable 
distance to the approaching sailors. It is also called 
“ Dianium,’ the equivalent? of “ Artemisium”’; it 
has iron mines with fine deposits near by, and small 
islands, Planesia and Plumbaria, and above it a lagoon 
of salt-water four hundred stadia in circuit. Next, 


2 The word means ‘‘ Day-watch.” 
ὃ That is, in Greek. 


89 


STRABO 


κοσίων. εἶθ᾽ ἡ τοῦ Ἡρακλέους νῆσος ἤδη πρὸς 
Καρχηδόνι, ἣν καλοῦσι Σκομβραρίαν 1 ἀπὸ τῶν 
ἁλισκομένων σκόμβρων, ἐξ ὧν τὸ ἄριστον σκευ- 
άζεται γάρον' εἴκοσι δὲ διέχει σταδίους καὶ τέτ- 
Tapas τῆς Καρχηδόνος. πάλιν δ᾽ ἐπὶ θάτερα τοῦ 
Σούκρωνος ἰόντι ἐπὶ τὴν ἐκβολὴν τοῦ Ἴβηρος 
Σάγουντον, κτίσμα Ζακυνθίων, ἣ ἣν ᾿Αννίβας κατα- 
σκάψας παρὰ τὰ συγκείμενα πρὸς “Ῥωμαίους τὸν 
δεύτερον αὐτοῖς ἐξῆψε πόλεμον πρὸς Καρχηδο- 
νίους. πλησίον δὲ πόλεις εἰσὶ Χερρόνησός τε καὶ 
᾿ὈὈλέαστρον καὶ Καρταλίας" ἐπ᾽ αὐτῇ δὲ τῇ δια 
βάσει τοῦ Ἴβηρος Δέρτωσσα κατοικία. ῥεῖ δὲ ‘ 
Ἴβηρ, ἀπὸ Καντάβρων ἔχων tas ἀρχάς, ἐπὶ 
μεσημβρίαν διὰ πολλοῦ πεδίου παράλληλος τοῖς 
Πυρηναίοις ὄρεσι. 

7. Μεταξὺ δὲ τῶν τοῦ Ἴβηρος ἐκτροπῶν καὶ 
τῶν ἄκρων τῆς Πυρήνης, ἐφ᾽ ὧν ἵδρυται τὰ ἀνα- 
θήματα τοῦ Πομπηίου, πρώτη Ταρράκων ἐστὶ 
πόλις, ἀλίμενος μέν, ἐν κόλπῳ δὲ ἱδρυμένη καὶ 
κατεσκευασμένη τοῖς ἄλλοις ἱκανῶς, καὶ οὐχ 
ἧττον εὐανδροῦσα νυνὶ τῆς Καρχηδόνος. πρὸς 
γὰρ τὰς τῶν ἡγεμόνων ἐπιδημίας εὐφυῶς ἔχει, 
καὶ ἔστιν ὥσπερ μητρόπολις οὐ τῆς ἐντὸς Ἴβηρος 
μόνον, ἀλλὰ καὶ τῆς ἐκτὸς τῆς πολλῆς. αἵ τε 
Γυμνήσιαι νῆσοι προκείμεναι πλησίον καὶ ἡ 
"EBuaos, ἀξιόλογοι νῆσοι, τὴν θέσιν εὔκαιρον 
τῆς πόλεως ὑπαγορεύουσιν. ᾿Ερατοσθένης δὲ 
καὶ ναύσταθμον ἔχειν φησὶν αὐτήν, οὐδὲ ἀγκυρο- 
βολίοις σφόδρα εὐτυχοῦσαν, ὡς ἀντιλέγων εἴρηκεν 
᾿Αρτεμίδωρος. 

1 Σκομβραρίαν, Xylander, for Σκομβροαρίαν ; so generally the 
editors. 


go 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 6-7 


and quite near to New Carthage, comes the Island 

of Heracles, which they call Scombraria, from the 
scomber-fish caught there, from which the best fish- 
sauce is prepared. It is twenty-four stadia distant 
from New Carthage. And again, on the other side 
of the Sucro, as you go towards the mouth of the 
Iberus, is Saguntum, founded by Zacynthians, which 
Hannibal destroyed despite his treaty with the 
Romans, thereby kindling the second war against 
the Carthaginians. Near Saguntum are the cities 
of Cherronesus, Oleastrum, and Cartalias; and at 
the very crossing of the Iberus is the settlement of 
Dertossa. The course of the Iberus, which rises 
in Cantabria, is southwards through a great plain 
and parallel to the Pyrenees Mountains. 

7. Between where the Iberus turns out seaward and 
the heights of the Pyrenees, on which are situated 
the Trophies set up by Pompey, the first city is 
Tarraco. It has no harbour, indeed, but it is situated 
on a bay and is adequately supplied with all other 
advantages; and at present it is not less populous 
than New Carthage. Indeed, it is naturally suited 
for the residence of the Prefects, and is a metropolis, 
as it were, not only of the country this side the 
Iberus, but also of the greater part of the country 
beyond the Iberus. And the Gymnesian Islands, 
which lie near by off the coast, and Ebusus,! all 
noteworthy islands, suggest that the position of the 
city is a happy one. Eratosthenes says that the 
city has also a roadstead, although, as Artemidorus, 
contradicting him, has already stated, it is not 
particularly blessed even with places of anchorage. 


1 Elsewhere (3. 5. 1.), Strabo spells the word Ἔβουσος 
(MSS. ΓΑβουσο:), 


ΟΙ 


C 160 


STRABO 


8. Καὶ ἡ σύμπασα δ᾽ ἀπὸ Στηλῶν σπανίξεται 
λιμέσι μέχρι δεῦρο, ἐντεῦθεν & ἤδη τὰ ἑξῆς ev- 
λίμενα Kal χώρα͵ ἀγαθὴ τῶν τε Λεητανῶν καὶ 
Λαρτολαιητῶν καὶ ἄλλων τοιούτων μέχρι Ἔμπο- 
ρίου. αὐτὸ δ᾽ ἐστὲ Μασσαλιωτῶν κτίσμα, ὅσον 
διακοσίους 1 διέχον τῆς Πυρήνης σταδίους καὶ 
τῶν μεθορίων τῆς Ἰβηρίας πρὸς τὴν Κελτικήν' 
καὶ αὕτη ἐστὶ πᾶσα ἀγαθὴ καὶ εὐλίμενος. 
ἐνταῦθα δ᾽ ἐστὶ καὶ ἡ 'Ῥόδος,) πολίχνιον ᾿Εμπο- 
ριτῶν, τινὲς δὲ κτίσμα “Ῥοδίων φασί; κἀνταῦθα 
δὲ καὶ ἐν τῷ ᾿Εμπορίῳ τὴν "Ἄρτεμιν τὴν ᾿Εφεσίαν 
τιμῶσιν, ἐροῦμεν δὲ τὴν αἰτίαν ἐν τοῖς περὶ Μασ- 
σαλίαν. ᾧκουν δ᾽ 8 οἱ ᾿Ε!μπορῖται πρότερον νησίον 
τι προκείμενον, ὃ νῦν καλεῖται Παλαιὰ πόλις, νῦν 
δ᾽ οἰκοῦσιν ἐν τῇ ἠπείρῳ. δίπολις δ᾽ ἐστί, τείχει 
διωρισμένη, πρότερον τῶν ᾿Ινδικητῶν τινας προσ- 
οίκους ἔχουσα, οἵ, καίπερ ἰδίᾳ πολιτευόμενοι, 
κοινὸν ὅμως περίβολον ἐ ἔχειν ἐβούλοντο πρὸς ' τοὺς 

“Ελληνας ἀσφαλείας χάριν, διπλοῦν δὲ τοῦτον, 
τείχει μέσῳ διωρισμένον" τῷ χρόνῳ δ᾽ εἰς ταὐτὸ 
πολίτευμα συνῆλθον μικτόν τι ἔκ τε βαρβάρων 
καὶ ᾿λληνικῶν νομίμων, ὅπερ καὶ ἐπ᾽ ἄχλων 
πολλῶν συνέβη. 

9, Ῥεῖ δὲ καὶ ποταμὸς πλησίον, ἐκ τῆς Πυρήνης 

1 διακοσίους, Groskurd, and Corais, for τετρακισχιλίους. 

2 Ῥόδος (as in 14. 2. 10), Casaubon, for ‘Podérn; so 
Siebenkees, Corais, Forbiger, and C. Miiller. Meineke 


reads Ῥόδη, following the spelling of Ptolemaeus. 
3 δ᾽, Meineke inserts. 


1 The MSS. read 4000 stadia, which is, of course, corrupt. 
Strabo has already given only 1600 stadia (§ 1 above) as the 
distance from the Iberus to the Pyrenees, The emendations 
of the editors run from 4 to 400 stadia. 


92 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 8-9 


8. Further, the whole coastline from the Pillars 
to Tarraco has few harbours, but from Tarraco on, 
all the way to Emporium, the coasts have fine 
harbours, and the country is fertile, both that of 
the Leétanians and the Lartolaeétans, and of other 
such peoples. Emporium was founded by the people 
of Massilia; it is about two hundred? stadia distant 
from the Pyrenees and from the common boundary 
between Iberia and Celtica, and this coast too, all of 
it, is fertile and has good harbours. Here, too, is 
Rhodus, a small town belonging to the Emporitans, 
though some say it was founded by Rhodians. Both 
in Rhodus and in Emporium they worship Artemis 
of the Ephesians, and I shall tell the reason for 
this in my account of Massilia.2 The Emporitans 
formerly lived on a little island off the shore, which 
is now called Old City,? but they now live on the 
mainland. And their city is a double one, for it 
has been divided into two cities by a wall, because, 
in former times, the city had for neighbours some of 
the Indicetans, who, although they maintained a 
government of their own, wished, for the sake of 
security, to have a common wall of circumvallation 
with the Greeks, with the enclosure in two parts— 
for it has been divided by a wall through the centre ; 
but in the course of time the two peoples united 
under the same constitution, which was a mixture 
of both Barbarian and Greek laws—a thing which 
has taken place in the case of many other peoples. 

9. There is a river that flows near by,* which has 


24.1. 4-6. 

3 The isle of Medas, near the mouth of the Ter River. 

4 The Clodianus, now the insignificant Muga (cp. Ptole- 
maeus 2, 6. 19 and Mela 2. 89). 


93 


STRABO 
ΕΣ 

ἔχων τὰς ἀρχάς, ἡ δὲ ἐκ βολὴ λιμήν ἐστι τοῖς 
᾿Βμπορίταις. λινουργοὶ δὲ ἱκανῶς οἱ ᾿Εμπορῖται' 
χώραν δὲ τὴν μεσόγαιαν ἔχουσι, τὴν μὲν ἀγαθήν, 
τὴν δὲ σπαρτοφόρον τῆς ἀχρηστοτέρας καὶ ἑλείας 
σχοίνου, καλοῦσι δὲ ᾿Ιουγκάριον πεδίον" τινὲς δὲ 
καὶ τῶν τῆς Πυρήνης ἄκρων νέμονται μέχρι τῶν 
ἀναθημάτων τοῦ Πομπηίου, δι’ ὧν βαδίξουσιν εἰς 
τὴν ἔξω καλουμένην Ἰβηρίαν ἐ ἐκ τῆς Ἰταλίας, καὶ 
μάλιστα τὴν Βαιτικήν. αὕτη δ᾽ ἡ ὁδὸς ποτὲ μὲν 
πλησιάζει τῇ θαλάττῃ, ποτὲ δ᾽ ἀφέστηκε, καὶ μά- 
Mora ἐν τοῖς πρὸς ἑσπέραν μέρεσι. φέρεται δὲ 
ἐπὶ Ταρράκωνα, ἀπό τε τῶν ἀναθημάτων τοῦ 
Πομπηίου διὰ τοῦ ᾿Ιουγκαρίου πεδίου καὶ Βετέ- 
pov! καὶ τοῦ Μαραθῶνος καλουμένου πεδίου τῇ 
Λατίνῃ γλώττῃ, φύοντος πολὺ τὸ ᾿μάραθον' ἐκ δὲ 
τοῦ Ταρράκωνος ἐ ἐπὶ τὸν πόρον τοῦ Ἴβηρος κατὰ 
Δέρτωσσαν πόλιν' ἐντεῦθεν διὰ Σαγούντου καὶ 
Σετάβιος πόλεως ἐνεχθεῖσα κατὰ μικρὸν ἀφίστα- 
ται τῆς θαλάττης καὶ συνάπτει τῷ Σπαρταρίῳ, 
ὡς ἂν Σχοινοῦντι, καλουμένῳ πεδίῳ: τοῦτο δ᾽ ἐστὶ 
μέγα καὶ ἄνυδρον, τὴν σχοινοπλοκικὴν φύον 
σπάρτον, ἐξαγωγὴν ἐ ἔχουσαν εἰς πάντα τόπον, καὶ 
μάλιστα εἰς τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν. πρότερον μὲν οὖν διὰ 
μέσου τοῦ πεδίου καὶ EyeXaotas συνέβαινεν εἶναι 
τὴν ὁδόν, χαλεπὴν καὶ πολλήν, νυνὶ δὲ ἐπὶ τὰ πρὸς 

1 Βετέρων, Wesseling, Meineke, for Βεττέρων ; so C. Miiller, 
Tardieu, and L. Kayser. 


1 The Romans called it ‘‘ Campus Iuncarius,” from Iuncus, 
“rush.” Cp. etymologically Eng. ‘‘ junk.” 

2 “«“Colony of Veterans”: the Praetorium mentioned by 
Antoninus (/tin. p. 398); exact site unknown, perhaps 
Vidreras. 


94 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 9 


its source in the Pyrenees; and its outlet serves as 
a port for the Emporitans. The Emporitans are 
quite skilful in flax-working. As for the inland 
territory which they hold, one part of it is fertile, 
while the other produces the spart of the rather 
useless, or rush, variety; it is called “Juncarian” 
Plain.! But some of the Emporitans occupy even 
some of the heights of the Pyrenees, as far as the 
Trophies that were set up by Pompey, past which 
runs the road from Italy to what is called “ Farther” 
Iberia, and in particular to Baetica. This road some- 
times approaches the sea, though sometimes it stands 
off at a distance from the sea, and particularly in the 
regions on the west. It runs towards Tarraco from 
the Trophies that were set up by Pompey, through 
the Juncarian Plain and through Veteres? and what 
in the Latin tongue is called Fennel Plain, because 
it produces so much fennel.? From Tarraco it runs 
towards the passage of the Iberus at the city of 
Dertossa; thence, after passing through Saguntum 
and the city of Setabis, it gradually departs from 
the sea and joins what is called the Spartarian—or, 
as we should say, “ Rush’’—Plain.* This plain is 
large and has no water, but produces the kind of 
spart that is suitable for twisting into ropes, and is 
therefore exported to all regions, and particularly 
to Italy. Now formerly the road must have passed 
through the centre of this plain and through Ege- 
᾿ lasta, a road rough and long, but at the present day 


3 Literally, the Greek is: ‘‘Plain of Marathon, . 
marathon.” Strabo avoids transliterating ‘‘ Fenicularius” 
(the term actually used by the Romans) into Greek. 

4 The Romans called it ‘‘Campus Spartarius.” 


95 


Ο 161 


STRABO 


θαλάττῃ “μέρη πεποιήκασιν αὐτήν, ἐπιψαύουσαν 
μόνον τοῦ Σχοινοῦντος, εἰς ταὐτὸ δὲ τείνουσαν 
τῇ προτέρᾳ, τὰ περὶ Κασταλῶνα καὶ Ὀβούλ- 
κωνα, δι᾽ ὧν εἴς τε Κορδύβην καὶ εἰς Πάδειρα ἡ ἡ 
ὁδός, τὰ μέγιστα, τῶν ἐμπορίων. διέχει δὲ τῆς 
Κορδύβης ἡ ἡ OBovrAKwv περὶ ἱ τριακοσίους σταδίους. 
φασὶ δ᾽ οἱ συγγραφεῖς, ἐλθεῖν Καίσαρα ἐκ “Ῥώμης 
ἑπτὰ καὶ εἴκοσιν ἡμέραις εἰς τὴν Ὀβούλκωνα καὶ 
τὸ στρατόπεδον τὸ ἐνταῦθα, ἡνίκα ἔμελλε συνά- 
πτειν εἰς τὸν περὶ τὴν Μοῦνδαν πόλεμον. 

10. Ἧ μὲν δὴ παραλία πᾶσα ἡ ἀπὸ Στηλῶν 
μέχρι τῆς μεθορίας τῆς Ἰβήρων καὶ Κελτῶν τοι- 
αὐτη. ἡ δ᾽ ὑπερκειμένη. μεσόγαια, λέγω δὲ τὴν 
ἐντὸς τῶν Te Πυρηναίων ὁ ὀρῶν καὶ τῆς προσαρκτίου 
πλευρᾶς μέχρις ᾿Αστύρων, δυεῖν μάλιστα ὄρεσι 
διορίξεται. τούτων δὲ τὸ μὲν παράλληλόν ἐστι 
τῇ Πυρήνῃ, τὴν ἀρχὴν ἀπὸ τῶν Καντάβρων ἔχον, 
τελευτὴν δ᾽ ἐπὶ τὴν καθ᾽ ἡμᾶς θάλατταν' καλοῦσι 
δὲ τοῦτο ᾿Ιδουβέδαν' ἕτερον δ᾽ ἀπὸ τοῦ μέσου 
διῆκον ἐπὶ τὴν δύσιν, ἐκκλῖνον δὲ πρὸς νότον καὶ 
τὴν ἀπὸ Στηλῶν ᾿παραλίαν' ὃ κατ᾽ ἀρχὰς μὲν 
γεώλοφόν ἐστι καὶ ψιλόν, διέξεισι δὲ τὸ καλού- 
μενον Σπαρτάριον πεδίον, εἶτα συνάπτει τῷ δρυμῷ 
τῷ ὑπερκειμένῳ τῆς τε Καρχηδονίας καὶ τῶν 
περὶ τὴν Μάλακαν τόπων" καλεῖται δὲ ᾿Οροσπέδα. 
μεταξὺ μὲν δὴ τῆς Πυρήνης καὶ τῆς ᾿Ιδουβέδας ὁ 0 
Ἴβηρ ῥεῖ ποταμός, παράλληλος τοῖς ὄρεσιν ἀμ- 
φοτέροις, πληρούμενος ἐκ τῶν ἐντεῦθεν καταφε- 
ρομένων ποταμῶν καὶ τῶν ἄλλων ὑδάτων. ἐπὶ δὲ 
τῷ Ἴβηρι πόλις ἐστὶ ΚΚαισαραυγοῦστα καλουμένη 
καὶ Κέλσα κατοικία τις, ἔχουσα γεφύρας λιθίνης 


96 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 9-10 


they have made it run towards the coastal regions, 
merely touching upon the Rush Plain, yet leading 
to the same place as did the former road, namely, 
to the regions round about Castalo and Obulco; and 
through these cities the road runs to Corduba and 
Gades, the greatest of the trading-places. The 
distance from Corduba to Obulco is about three 
hundred stadia. The historians say that Caesar went 
from Rome to Obulco and the camp there in twenty- 
seven days, when he was about to engage in the 
battle near Munda. 

10. Such, then, is the character of the whole sea- 
board from the Pillars up to the common boundary 
of Iberia and Celtica. The interior country that lies 
beyond the seaboard (1 mean the country enclosed 
by the Pyrenees Mountains and the northerly side 
of Iberia as far as Asturia) is divided by two 
mountain-ranges, speaking roughly. Of these moun- 
tains, one is parallel to the Pyrenees, beginning in 
Cantabria and ending at Our Sea (they call this 
mountain Idubeda); whereas the other, beginning 
at the centre of the first one, stretches towards the 
west, though it inclines towards the south and the 
coastline that runs from the Pillars. This latter 
mountain is at first a mere hill and bare of trees, 
and passes through the so-called Spartarian Plain ; 
then it joins the forest that lies beyond both New 
Carthage and the regions round about Malaca; it is 
called Orospeda. It is between the Pyrenees and 
Idubeda, then, that the Iberus River flows, which is 
parallel with both mountains and is filled. by the 
rivers and the other waters that pour down from 
them. On the Iberusisa city called Caesar Augusta ; 
also Celsa, a colonial settlement, where there is a 


97 
VOL. I. H 


STRABO 


διάβασιν. συνοικεῖται δὲ ὑπὸ πλειόνων ἐθνῶν ἡ 
χώρα, γνωριμωτάτου δὲ τοῦ τῶν ᾿ακκητανῶν λε- 
γομένου. τοῦτο δ᾽ ἀρξάμενον a ἀπὸ τῆς παρωρείας ἃ 
τῆς κατὰ τὴν Πυρήνην εἰς τὰ πεδία πλατύνεται 
καὶ συνάπτει τοῖς περὶ Ἰλέρδαν καὶ Ὄσκαν 3 χωρί- 
οἷς, Τοῖς τῶν ᾿Ιλεργετῶν οὐ πολὺ ἄπωθεν τοῦ 
Ἴβηρος. ἐν δὲ ταῖς πόλεσι ταύταις ἐπολέμει τὸ 
τελευταῖον Σερτώριος καὶ ἐν Καλαγοῦρι Οὐασκώ- 
νων πόλει καὶ τῆς παραλίας ἐν Ταρράκωνι καὶ ἐν 
τῷ Ἡμεροσκοπείῳ μετὰ τὴν ἐκ Κελτιβήρων ἔκ- 
πτῶσιν, ἐτελεύτα δ᾽ ἐν “Ocka.® κἀν ᾿Ιλέρδᾳ * 

ὕστερον ᾿Αφράνιος καὶ Πετρήιος οἱ τοῦ Πομπηίου 
στρατηγοὶ κατεπολεμήθησαν. ὑπὸ Καίσαρος τοῦ 
θεοῦ. διέχει δὲ ἡ Ἰλέρδα τοῦ μὲν Ἴβηρος ὡς ἐπὶ 
δύσιν ἰόντι aradlous ἑκατὸν ἑξήκοντα, Tappa- 
κωνος δὲ πρὸς νότον περὶ τετρακοσίους ἑξήκοντα, 
πρὸς ἄρκτον δὲ "OcKas πεντακοσίους τεσσαρά- 
κοντα. διὰ τούτων δὲ τῶν χωρίων ἡ ἐκ Tappa- 
κωνος ἐπὶ τοὺς ἐσχάτους ἐπὶ τῷ ὠκεανῷ Οὐάσκω- 
vas τοὺς κατὰ Πομπέλωνα " καὶ τὴν ἐπ᾽ αὐτῷ τῷ 
ὠκεανῷ Οἰασῶνα : TOMY ὁδός € ἐστι σταδίων δισχι- 
λίων τετρακοσίων, πρὸς αὐτὰ τὰ τῆς ᾿Ακουιτανίας 
ὅρια καὶ τῆς ᾿Ιβηρίας. ᾿Ιακκητανοὶ δ᾽ εἰσὶν ἐν οἷς 


1 παρωρείας, Kramer, for παρορίας ; so the other editors. 

2 ἴοσκαν, Casaubon, for the corrupt Ἰλέοσκαν ; so the other 
editors. 

3 δ᾽ ἐν ἴὌσκᾳ, conj. of Puteanus, for δὲ νόσῳ ; so the editors. 

4 κὰν Ἰλέρδᾳ, Meineke, for καὶ Ἰλέρδαν. 

> χωρίων, Groskurd, for ὁ ὀρῶν. 

ὃ Πομπέλωνα, Xylander, for the corrupt Πομβιαίλωνα ; so 
the editors. 

? Οἰασῶνα, Casaubon, for Οἰδασούνα (or Οἰασούνα) ; so, in 
general, the editors. Cp. Ptolemaeus 2. 6. 10. and Mela 
Be Ade 10: 


98 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. το 


stone bridge across the river. This country is jointly 
settled by several tribes, though the best known is 
what is called the tribe of the Iaccetanians. Their 
country begins at the foothills of the Pyrenees and 
then broadens out over the plains and joins the dis- 
tricts round about Ilerda and Osca, that is, the districts 
which belong to the Ilergetans, not very far from the 
Iberus. It was in these two cities, and in Calaguris 
(a city of the Vasconians), and in the two cities of 
Tarraco and Hemeroscopeium on the coast, that 
Sertorius fought his last battles after his expulsion 
from Celtiberia; but it was at Osca that he came to 
his end.t_ And it was in Ilerda that Afranius and 
Petreius, the generals of Pompey, were defeated in 
battle later on by the Deified Caesar.? Ilerda is 
distant from the Iberus one hundred and sixty stadia, 
to a man travelling approximately towards the west ; 
from Tarraco, on the south, about four hundred and 
sixty stadia; from Osca, on the north, five hundred 
and forty stadia. Through these districts runs the 
road from Tarraco to those outermost Vasconians on 
the ocean who live about Pompelo, and about the 
city of Oeaso, which is at the ocean itself—a road 
of two thousand four hundred stadia, reaching to 
the very frontier of Aquitania and Iberia. Iaccetania 


1 The Greek MSS. all read ‘‘of disease” instead of ‘‘at 
Osca.” The emendation is certainly right, since we know 
that Sertorius was assassinated at Osca (cp. Velleius Pater- 
culus 2. 30, and Plutarch’s Life of Sertorius). 

2 Literally, ‘‘the god”: Strabo’s attempt to translate the 
Latin adjective ‘‘divus” (‘‘divine,” hence ‘‘deified”) into 
Greek. The epithet ‘“‘divus” was regularly applied to 
the deceased emperors; here, of course, Julius Caesar is 
meant. 


99 


C 162 


STRABO 


TOTE μὲν Σερτώριος ἐπολέμει πρὸς Πομπήιον, ὕστε- 
ρον δ᾽ ὁ τοῦ Πομπηίου υἱὸς Σέξτος πρὸς τοὺς Καί- 
σαρος στρατηγούς. ὑπέρκειται δὲ τῆς ακκη- 
τανίας πρὸς ἄρκτον τὸ τῶν Οὐασκώνων ἔθνος, ἐν 

ᾧ πόλις Πομπέλων, ὡς ἂν ἸΠομπηιόπολις. 

11. Αὐτῆς δὲ τῆς Πυρήνης τὸ μὲν ᾿Ιβηρικὸν 
πλευρὸν εὔδενδρόν ἐστι παντοδαπῆς ὕλης καὶ τῆς 
ἀειθαλοῦς, τὸ δὲ Κελτικὸν ψιλόν, τὰ δὲ μέσα 
περιέχει καλῶς οἰκεῖσθαι δυναμένους αὐλῶνας. 
ἔχουσι δ᾽ αὐτοὺς Keppnravot τὸ πλέον, τοῦ 'Ἴβηρι- 
κοῦ φυλοῦ, παρ᾽ οἷς πέρναι διάφοροι συντίθενται 
ταῖς Κανταβρικαῖς 1 ἐνάμιλλοι, πρόσοδον οὐ μι- 
κρὰν τοῖς ἀνθρώποις παρέχουσαι. 

12; Ὑπερβάλλοντι δὲ τὴν ᾿Ιδουβέδαν ἡ Κελτι- 
βηρία παραχρῆμα πολλὴ καὶ ἀνώμαλος" τὸ μὲν 
πλέον αὐτῆς ἐστι τραχὺ καὶ ποταμόκχυστον" διὰ 
γὰρ τούτων ὅ τεὔλνας φέρεται καὶ ὁ Tayos καὶ 
οἱ ἐφεξῆς ποταμοὶ οἱ πλείους οἱ ἐπὶ τὴν ἑσπερίαν 
θάλατταν καταφερόμενοι; τὴν ἀρχὴν ἔχοντες ἐκ 
τῆς Κελτιβηρίας" " ὧν ὁ Δούριος φέρεται παρὰ τὴν 
Νομαντίαν καὶ τὴν "εργουντίαν, ὁ δὲ Βαῖτις ἐκ 
τῆς ᾿Οροσπέδας τὰς ἀρχὰς ἔχων͵ διὰ τῆς ‘Opyta- : 
vias els τὴν Βαιτικὴν ῥεῖ. οἰκοῦσι δ᾽ ἐκ μὲν τῶν 
πρὸς ἄρκτον μερῶν τοῖς Κελτίβηρσι Βήρωνες, 
Καντάβροις ὅμοροι τοῖς Κονίσκοις, καὶ αὐτοὶ τοῦ 
Κελτικοῦ στόλου γεγονότες, ὧν ἐστι πόλις Ovapia 
κατὰ τὴν τοῦ Ἴβηρος διάβασιν κειμένη. συν- 


1 Κανταβρικαῖς, conj. of Xylander, for the corrupt Κανθαρι- 
kais ; So, in general, the editors; but C. Miiller, Καλαγουρι- 
καῖς, and Yardieu, KiBupatixais. Cp. Athenaeus 14. 75, where 
in quoting this sentence from Strabo the reading of the MSS. 


is ταῖς Κουρικαῖς. 


Ιοο 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 10-12 


is the country where not only Sertorius carried on 
war in his day against Pompey, but also, later on, 
Sextus, the son of Pompey, against the generals of 
Caesar. It is beyond Iaccetania, towards the north, 
that the tribe of the Vasconians is situated, where 
there is a city Pompelo or, as one might say, 
Pompeiopolis. 

11. As for the Pyrenees themselves, the Iberian 
side is well-wooded with trees of every kind 
and with evergreens; whereas the Celtic side is 
bare, although the central portions of it encompass 
glens that are capable of affording a good livelihood. 
These glens are occupied mostly by Carretanians, 
of the Iberian stock; and among these people ex- 
cellent hams are cured, rivalling those of Cantabria, 
and affording the people no small revenue. 

12. Crossing over the Idubeda Mountain, you are 
at once in Celtiberia, a large and uneven country. 
The greater part of it in fact is rugged and river- 
washed; for it is through these regions that the 
Anas flows, and also the Tagus, and the several 
rivers next to them, which, rising in Celtiberia, flow 
down to the western sea. Among these are the 
Durius, which flows past Numantia and Serguntia, 
and the Baetis, which, rising in the Orospeda, flows 
through Oretania into Baetica. Now, in the first 
place, the parts to the north of the Celtiberians are 
the home of the Veronians, neighbours of the Can- 
tabrian Coniscans, and they too! have their origin 
in the Celtic expedition; they have a city, Varia, 
situated at the crossing of the Iberus; and their 


tC. Ds Go De 


2 Κελτιβηρίας, Casaubon, and Siebenkees, for ᾿Ιβηρίας ; so the 
others, 
TOI 


STRABO 


εχεῖς δ᾽ εἰσὶ καὶ Βαρδυήταις, ods οἱ νῦν Βαρδύλους 
καλοῦσιν. ἐκ δὲ τοῦ ἑσπερίου τῶν Te ᾿Αστύρων 
τινὲς καὶ τῶν Καλλαϊκῶν καὶ Οὐακκαίων, ἔτι δ᾽ 
Οὐεττώνων καὶ Καρπητανῶν. ἐκ δὲ τῶν νοτίων 
᾿Ωρητανοί τε καὶ ὅσοι ἄλλοι τὴν ᾿᾽᾿Οροσπέδαν oi- 
κοῦσι Βαστητανῶν τε καὶ ᾿᾿δητανῶν᾽ πρὸς ἕω δὲ 
᾿Ιδουβέδα. 

13. Αὐτῶν τε τῶν Κελτιβήρων εἰς τέτταρα 
μέρη διῃρημένων, οἱ κράτιστοι μάλιστα πρὸς ἕω 
εἰσὶ καὶ πρὸς νότον οἱ ᾿Αρουάκοι, συνάπτοντες 
Καρπητανοῖς καὶ ταῖς τοῦ Τάγου πηγαῖς" πόλις 
δ᾽ αὐτῶν ὀνομαστοτάτη Νομαντία. ἔδειξαν δὲ 
τὴν ἀρετὴν τῷ Κελτιβηρικῷ πολέμῳ τῷ πρὸς 
“Ῥωμαίους, εἰκοσαετεῖ γενομένῳ: πολλὰ γὰρ στρα- 
τεύματα σὺν ἡγεμόσιν ἐφθάρη, τὸ δὲ τελευταῖον 
οἱ Νομαντῖνοι πολιορκούμενοι διεκαρτέρησαν πλὴν 
ὀλίγων τῶν ἐνδόντων τὸ τεῖχος. καὶ οἱ Δούσωνες 
δὲ ἑῷοί εἰσι, συνάπτοντες καὶ αὐτοὶ ταῖς τοῦ 
Τάγου πηγαῖς. τῶν δ᾽ ᾿Αρουάκων ἐστὶ καὶ Σεγήδα 
πόλις καὶ Παλλαντία. διέχει δὲ Νομαντία τῆς 
Καισαραυγούστας, ἣν ἔφαμεν ἐπὶ τῷ Ἴβηρι ἱδρῦ- 
σθαι, σταδίους ἐπὶ ὀκτακοσίους. καὶ Σεγοβρίγα 
δ᾽ ἐστὶ τῶν Κελτιβήρων πόλις καὶ Βίλβιλις, περὶ 
ἃς Μέτελλος καὶ Σερτώριος ἐπολέμησαν. ἸΠολύ- 
βιος δὲ τὰ τῶν Οὐακκαίων καὶ τῶν Κελτιβήρων 
ἔθνη καὶ χωρία διεξιὼν συλλέγει ταῖς ἄλλαις πό- 
λεσι καὶ Σεγεσάμαν καὶ ᾿Ιντερκατίαν. φησὶ δὲ 


102 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 12-13 


territory also runs contiguous to that of the Bardye- 
tans, whom the men of to-day call Bardulians, 
Secondly, the parts on the western side are the 
home of some of the Asturians, Callaicans, and 
Vaccaeans, and also of the Vettonians and Car- 
petanians. Thirdly, the southern parts are the home, 
not only of the Oretanians, but of all other tribes 
of those Bastetanians and Edetanians that live on 
the Orospeda. And fourthly, on the east lies the 
Idubeda, 

13. Again, of the four divisions into which the 
Celtiberians have been separated, the most powerful, 
generally speaking, are the Arvacans, who live on 
the east and south, where their territory joins 
Carpetania and the sources of the Tagus; and they 
have a city of very great renown, Numantia. They 
gave proof of their valour in the Celtiberian War 
against the Romans, which lasted for twenty years ; 
indeed, many armies, officers and all, were destroyed 
by them, and at the last the Numantians, when 
besieged, endured till death, except a few who 
surrendered the fortress. The Lusonians, likewise, 
live in the east, and their territory, too, joins the 
sources of the Tagus. The cities of Segeda and 
Pallantia both belong to the Arvacans. The dis- 
tance of Numantia from Caesar Augusta, which 
latter, as I was saying, is situated on the Iberus, is 
as much as eight hundred stadia. The cities of 
Segobriga and Bilbilis both belong to the Celti- 
berians, and it is near these cities that Metellus 
and Sertorius had their war. Polybius, in detailing 
the tribes and districts of the Vaccaeans and the 
Celtiberians, includes with the rest of the cities both 
Segesama and Intercatia. Poseidonius says that 


103 


C 163 


STRABO 


Ποσειδώνιος Μάρκον Μάρκελλον πράξασθαι φό- 
ρον ἐκ τῆς Κελτιβηρίας τάλαντα ἑξακόσια ἐξ οὗ 
τεκμαίρεσθαι πάρεστιν ὅτι καὶ πολλοὶ ἦσαν οἱ 
Κελτίβηρες καὶ χρημάτων εὐποροῦντες, καίπερ 
οἰκοῦντες χώραν παράλυπρον. ἸΠολυβίου δ᾽ εἰἶπόν- 
τος τριακοσίας αὐτῶν καταλῦσαι πόλεις Τιβέριον 
Πράκχον, κωμῳδῶν φησι τοῦτο τῷ Ἰράκχῳ χαρί- 
σασθαι τὸν ἄνδρα, τοὺς πύργους καλοῦντα πόλεις, 
ὥσπερ ἐν ταῖς θριαμβικαῖς πομπαῖς. καὶ ἴσως 
οὐκ ἄπιστον τοῦτο λέγει" καὶ γὰρ οἱ στρατηγοὶ 
καὶ οἱ συγγραφεῖς ῥᾳδίως ἐπὶ τοῦτο φέρονται τὸ 
ψεῦσμα, καλλωπίζοντες τὰς πράξεις. ἐπεὶ καὶ 
οἱ φάσκοντες πλείους ἢ χιλίας τὰς τῶν ᾿Ιβήρων 
ὑπάρξαι πόλεις ἐπὶ τοῦτο φέρεσθαί μοι δοκοῦσι, 
τὰς μεγάλας κώμας πόλεις ὀνομάζοντες. οὔτε 
γὰρ ἡ τῆς χώρας φύσις πόλεων ἐπιδεκτικὴ πολλῶν 
ἐστι διὰ τὴν λυπρότητα ἢ διὰ τὸν ἐκτοπισμὸν καὶ 
τὸ ἀνήμερον, οὔθ᾽ οἱ βίοι καὶ πράξεις αὐτῶν (ἔξω 
τῶν κατὰ τὴν παραλίαν τὴν καθ᾽ ἡμᾶς) ὑπαγο- 
ρεύουσι τοιοῦτον οὐδέν" ἄγριοι γὰρ οἱ κατὰ κώμας 
οἰκοῦντες" τοιοῦτοι δ᾽ οἱ- πολλοὶ τῶν ᾿Ιβήρων' αἱ 
δὲ πόλεις ἡμεροῦσιν οὐδ᾽ αὐταὶ" ῥᾳδίως ὅταν 
πλεονάζῃ τὸ τὰς ὕλας ἐπὶ κακῷ τῶν πλησίον 
οἰκοῦν. 

14. Μετὰ δὲ τοὺς Κελτίβηρας πρὸς νότον εἰσὶν 
οἱ τὸ ὄρος οἰκοῦντες τὴν ᾿Οροσπέδαν καὶ τὴν περὶ 
τὸν Σούκρωνα χώραν ᾿Εδητανοὶ ° μέχρι Καρχη- 
δόνος, καὶ Βαστητανοὶ καὶ ᾿Ὡρητανοὶ σχεδὸν δέ 
τι καὶ μέχρι Μαλάκας. 


1 αὐταί, Cobet restores, for αὗται ; so Forbiger, and Miiller- 
Dibner. 


2 "Ednravol, Kramer, for Σιδητανοί ;so the editors in general. 
104 


GEOGRAPRY, 3. 4. 13-14 


Marcus Marcellus exacted a tribute of six hundred 
talents from Celtiberia, from which it may be inferred 
that the Celtiberians were rich as well as numerous, 
albeit the country they live in is rather poor. But 
because Polybius went on to say that Tiberius 
Gracchus destroyed three hundred cities in Celti- 
beria, Poseidonius makes fun of him, saying that the 
man did this merely to gratify Gracchus, for he called 
the towers cities just as they do in the triumphal 
processions. And perhaps this remark cf Poseidonius 
is not to be discredited, for not only generals but 
historians as well are easily led to indulge in such 
falsification as this, in trying to embellish the deeds 
they describe. In fact, even those who assert that 
there are more than one thousand cities in Iberia seem 
to me to be led to do so by calling the big villages 
cities ; for, in the first place, the country is naturally 
not capable, on account of the poverty of its soil 
or else on account of the remoteness or wildness 
of it, of containing many cities, and, secondly, the 
modes of life and the activities of the inhabitants 
(apart from those who live on the seaboard of Our 
Sea) do not suggest anything of the kind; for those 
who live in villages are wild (and such are most of 
the Iberians), and even the cities themselves cannot 
easily tame their inhabitants when these are out- 
numbered by the folk that live in the forests for the 
purpose of working mischief upon their neighbours. 

14. Next after the Celtiberians, on the south, are 
the people who live in the Orospeda Mountain and 
in the country round about the Sucro River, namely, 
the Edetanians, who extend as far as New Carthage ; 
and then the Bastetanians and the Oretanians, who 
extend almost as far as Malaca. 


105 


Ο 164 


STRABO 


15. Πελτασταὶ δ᾽ ἅπαντες, ὡς εἰπεῖν, ὑπῆρξαν 
οἱ Ἴβηρες καὶ κοῦφοι κατὰ τὸν ὁπλισμὸν διὰ τὰς 
λῃστείας, οἵους ἔφαμεν τοὺς Λυσιτανούς, ἀκοντίῳ 
καὶ σφενδόνῃ καὶ μαχαίρᾳ χρώμενοι" ταῖς δὲ 
πεζαῖς δυνάμεσι παρεμέμικτο καὶ ἱππεία, δεδι- 
δαγμένων ἵππων ὀρειβατεῖν καὶ “κατοκλάξεσθαι 
ῥᾳδίως ἀπὸ προστάγματος, ὅτε τούτου δέοι. φέρει 
δ᾽ ἡ ᾿Ιβηρία δορκάδας πολλὰς καὶ ἵππους ἀγρίους. 
ἔστι δ' ὅπου καὶ αἱ λίμναι πληθύουσιν'" ὄρνεις δὲ 
κύκνοι καὶ τὰ παραπλήσια, πολλαὶ δὲ καὶ ὠτίδες" 
κάστορας φέρουσι μὲν οἱ ποταμοί, τὸ δὲ καστό- 
ριον οὐκ ἔχει τὴν αὐτὴν δύναμιν τῷ Ἰ]οντικῷ" 
ἴδιον γὰρ τῷ Ἰ]οντικῷ πάρεστι τὸ φαρμακῶδες, 
καθάπερ ἄλλοις πολλοῖς. ἐπεί, φησὶν ὁ Ποσει- 
δώνιος, καὶ ὁ Κύπρ Los χαλκὸς μόνος φέρει τὴν 
καδμείαν λίθον καὶ τὸ χαλκανθὲς καὶ τὸ σπόδιον. 
ἴδιον δ᾽ εἴρηκεν 1 Ἰβηρίᾳ ὁ Ποσειδώνιος καὶ τὸ 
τὰς κορώνας μελαίνας εἶναι καὶ τὸ τοὺς ἵππους 
τῶν Κελτιβήρων ὑποψάρους ὄντας, ἐπειδὰν εἰς 
τὴν ἔξω “μεταχθῶσιν Ἰβηρίαν, μεταβάλλειν τὴν 
χρόαν. ἐοικέναι δὲ τοῖς Παρθικοῖς, καὶ γὰρ ταχεῖς 
εἶναι καὶ εὐδρόμους μᾶλλον τῶν ἄλλων. 

16. Καὶ τῶν ῥιξῶν τῶν εἰς βαφὴν χρησίμων 
πλῆθος. ἐλαίας δὲ πέρι καὶ ἀμπέλου καὶ συκῆς 
καὶ τῶν παραπλησίων φυτῶν ἡ ἡ καθ' ἡμᾶς ᾿βηρικὴ 
παραλία πάντων εὐπορεῖ, συχνὴ δὲ καὶ τῶν ἐκτός. 
ἡ μὲν τ} ἘΠ 15 ἡ πρόσβορρος a ἀμοιρεῖ διὰ τὰ 
ψύχη, ἡ δ᾽ ἄλλη τὸ πλέον διὰ τὴν ὀλιγωρίαν τῶν 


1 ἐν, before ᾿Ιβηρίᾳ, Meineke deletes. 


Ao Oe 2 That is, on the Atlantic side. 
106 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 15-16 


15. The Iberians were once, virtually all of them, 
peltasts, and wore light armour on account of their 
brigand life (as I said+ of the Lusitanians), using 
javelin, sling, and dirk. And intermingled with their 
forces of infantry was a force of cavalry, for their 
horses were trained to climb mountains, and, when- 
ever there was need for it, to kneel down promptly 
at the word of command. Iberia produces many deer 
and wild horses. In places, also, its marshes teem 
with life; and there are birds, swans and the like; 
and also bustards in great numbers. As for beavers, 
the rivers produce them, but the castor from these 
beavers does not have the same efficacy as that 
from the beavers of the Pontus; for the medicinal 
quality of the castor from the Pontus is peculiar 
to it, as is the case with qualities in many other 
things. For instance, says Poseidonius, the copper 
of Cyprus is the only copper which produces calamine 
and chalcanthite and spodium, And it is peculiar 
to Iberia, according to Poseidonius, that the crows 
are black there and also that the slightly dappled 
horses of Celtiberia change their colour when they 
are brought over to Farther Iberia, The Celtiberian 
horses are like those of Parthia, he says, for not only 
are they faster but they are also smoother runners 
than the other horses. 

16. Iberia also produces quantities of those roots 
that are useful for dyeing. As for olive-trees, grape- 
vines, fig-trees, and the similar plants, the Iberian 
coast on Our Sea is richly supplied with them all, 
as is also a great part of the outer coasts.2 But the 
ocean-coast on the north has none on account of 
the cold, and, for the most part, the rest of the 
ocean-coast has none on account of the slovenly 


107 


STRABO 


ἀνθρώπων καὶ τὸ μὴ πρὸς διαγωγήν, ἀλλὰ μῶλ- 
λον πρὸς ἀνάγκην. καὶ ὁρμὴν θηριώδη μετὰ ἔθους 
φαύλου ζῆν" εἰ μή τις οἴεται πρὸς διαγωγὴν ζῆν 
τοὺς οὔρῳ λουομένους ἐν δεξαμεναῖς παλαιουμένῳ 
καὶ τοὺς ὀδόντας σμηχομένους καὶ αὐτοὺς καὶ τὰς 
γυναῖκας αὐτῶν, καθάπερ τοὺς Καντάβρους φασὶ 
καὶ τοὺς ὁμόρους αὐτοῖς. καὶ τοῦτο δὲ καὶ τὸ 
χαμευνεῖν κοινόν ἐστι τοῖς Ἴβηρσι πρὸς τοὺς 
Κελτούς. ἔνιοι δὲ τοὺς Καλλαϊκοὺς ἀθέους φασί, 
τοὺς δὲ Κελτίβηρας καὶ τοὺς προσβόρρους τῶν 
ὁμόρων αὐτοῖς ἀνωνύμῳ τινὶ θεῷ θύειν 1 ταῖς 
πανσελήνοις νύκτωρ πρὸ τῶν πυλῶν, πανοικίους 
τε χορεύειν καὶ παννυχίξειν. τοὺς δὲ Οὐέττωνας, 
ὅτε πρῶτον εἰς τὸ τῶν «Ῥωμαίων παρῆλθον στρα- 
τόπεδον, ἰδόντας τῶν ταξιαρχῶν TWAS ἀνακάμ- 
πτοντας ἐν ταῖς ὁδοῖς περιπάτου χάριν, μανίαν 
ὑπολαβόντας, ἡγεῖσθαι τὴν ὁδὸν αὐτοῖς ἐπὶ τὰς 
σκηνάς, ὡς δέον ἢ μένειν καθ᾽ ἡσυχίαν ἱδρυθέντας 
ἢ μάχεσθαι. 

17: Τῆς δὲ βαρβαρικῆς ἰδέας καὶ τὸν τῶν 
γυναικῶν ἐνίων κόσμον θείη τίς ἄν, ὃν εἴρηκεν 
᾿Αρτεμίδωρος" ὅπου μὲν γὰρ περιτραχήλια σιδηρᾶ 
φορεῖν αὐτάς φησιν, ἔχοντα κόρακας καμπτομέ- 
νους ὑπὲρ κορυφῆς καὶ προπίπτοντας πρὸ τοῦ 
μετώπου πολύ, κατὰ τούτων δὲ τῶν κοράκων, ὅτε 
βούλονται, κατασπᾶν τὸ κάλυμμα, ὥστε ἐμπε- 
τασθὲν σκιάδιον τῷ προσώπῳ παρέχειν, καὶ 
νομίζειν κόσμον" ὅπου δὲ τυμπάνιον περικεῖσθαι, 


1 θύειν, Corais inserts ; so the other editors. 


1 See Catullus, 39. 19. 
* Literally, ‘‘a little kettle-drum.” 
108 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 16-17 


character of the people and the fact that they live 
on a low moral plane—that is, they have regard, not 
for rational living, but rather for satisfying their 
physical needs and bestial instincts—unless some one 
thinks those men have regard for rational living who 
bathe with urine which they have aged in cisterns, 
and wash their teeth with it, both they and their 
wives, as the Cantabrians and the neighbouring 
peoples are said to do. But both this custom and 
that of sleeping on the ground the Iberians share 
with the Celts. Some say the Callaicans have no 
god, but the Celtiberians and their neighbours on 
the north offer sacrifice to a nameless god at the 
seasons of the full moon, by night, in front of the 
doors of their houses, and whole households dance 
in chorus and keep it up all night. The Vettonians, 
when they visited the camp of the Romans for the 
first time, upon seeing some of the officers promenad- 
ing up and down the streets merely for the sake 
of walking around, supposed they were crazy and 
proceeded to lead the way for them to the tents, 
thinking they should either remain quietly seated 
or else be fighting. 

17. One might also class as barbaric in character 
the ornaments of some of the women, of which 
Artemidorus has told us. In some places, he says, 
they wear round their necks iron collars which have 
curved rods that bend overhead and project far in 
front of their foreheads; and at will they draw their 
veil down over these curved rods, so that the veil, 
thus spread out, furnishes a sunshade for the face; 
and all this they consider an ornament. In other 
places, he says, the women wear round their heads 
a “tympanium,”? rounded to the back of the head, 


109 


C 165 


STRABO 


πρὸς μὲν τῷ iviw περιφερές, καὶ σφίγγον τὴν 
κεφαλὴν μέχρι τῶν παρωτίδων, εἰς ὕψος δὲ καὶ 
πλάτος ἐξυπτιασμένον κατ᾽ ὀλίγον: ἄλλας δὲ τὰ 
προκόμια ψιλοῦν ἐπὶ τοσοῦτον ὥστ᾽ ἀποστίλβειν 
τοῦ μετώπου μᾶλλον' τὰς δ᾽ ὅσον ποδιαῖον τὸ 
ὕψος ἐπιθεμένας στυλίσκον περιπλέκειν αὐτῷ 
τὴν χαίτην, εἶτα καλύπτρᾳ μελαίνῃ περιστέλλειν. 
πρὸς δὲ τῇ ἀληθείᾳ τῇ τοιαύτῃ πολλὰ καὶ ἑώραται 
καὶ μεμύθευται περὶ πάντων κοινῇ τῶν ᾿Ιβηρικῶν 
ἐθνῶν, διαφερόντως δὲ τῶν προσβόρρων, οὐ μόνον 
τὰ πρὸς ἀνδρείαν ἀλλὰ καὶ τὰ πρὸς ὠμότητα 
καὶ ἀπόνοιαν θηριώδη: καὶ γὰρ τέκνα μητέρες 
ἔκτειναν πρὶν ἁλῶναι κατὰ τὸν πόλεμον τὸν ἐν 
Καντάβροις, καὶ παιδίον δὲ δεδεμένων aiypa- 
λώτων τῶν γονέων καὶ ἀδελφῶν ἔκτεινε πάντας, 
κελεύσαντος τοῦ πατρός, σιδήρου κυριεῦσαν, γυνὴ 
δὲ τοὺς συναλόντας" κληθεὶς δέ τις εἰς μεθυσκο- 
μένους ἔβαλεν αὑτὸν εἰς πυράν. κοινὰ δὲ καὶ 
ταῦτα πρὸς τὰ Κελτικὰ ἔθνη καὶ τὰ Θρᾷκια καὶ 
Σκυθικά, κοινὰ δὲ καὶ τὰ πρὸς ἀνδρείαν τήν τε 


1 That is, the cap, which fits closely the back of the head, 
gradually spreads out from the head at the top and sides 
(that is, at the front, all the way from ear to ear) and thus 
forms a sort of sun-bonnet (cp. Tozer, Selections from Strabo, 
p. 104). The whole head-dress suggests the shape of a kettle- 
drum, and hence the name. But the Greek here is so incom- 
plete and obscure that. Artemidorus may have meant either 
(1) a cylindrical head-dress, which, as it rises to its top, 
gradually spreads out in breadth (the head-dress worn at 
Constantinople in the Byzantine Empire and also called in 
Greek ‘‘tympanium’’), or (2) a sort of turban, which covers 
and fits the hair tightly and spreads out over the top and 
round the head—just such an improvised head-dress as the 


11Τ0ο 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 4.17 


and, as far as the ear-lobes, binding the head tightly, 
but gradually turned back at the top and sides;1 
and other women keep the hair stripped? from the 
forepart of the head so closely that it glistens more 
than the forehead does; and still other women put 
a rod about a foot high on the head, twist the hair 
round the rod, and then drape it with a black veil. 
And besides the true reports of this sort, many 
other things have not only been seen but also 
narrated with fictitious additions about all the Iberian 
’ tribes in common, but especially the northerners— 
I mean not only the stories relating to their courage 
but also those relating to their ferocity and _ bestial 
insensibility.? For instance, at the time of the Can- 
tabrian War‘ mothers killed their children before 
being taken captive; and even a small boy, whose 
parents and brothers were in fetters as captives of 
war, gained possession of a sword and, at the com- 
mand of his father, killed them all ; and a woman killed 
all her fellow captives; and a certain Cantabrian, 
upon being summoned into the presence of drunken 
men,° threw himself upon a pyre. But these traits 
too are shared in common by them with the Celtic 
as also with the Thracian and Scythian tribes; and 


negro working-women in the Southern States of America 
often wear to-day. 

2 Apparently not by cutting, but by plucking or by some 
destructive agent (cp. Theophrastus, Hist. Plant. 9. 20. 3). 

3 That is ‘‘insensibility to suffering,” or, perhaps better, 
‘*contempt for suffering.” The same trait is again mentioned 
by Strabo in § 18. 

4 The Cantabrians were subjugated by Augustus in 25 B.c., 
but they had to be reconquered (by Agrippa) in 19 B.c. Cp. 
**Cantabrum indoctum iuga ferre nostra” (Horace, Carmina, 
2. 6. 2). 

5 His Roman captors, apparently. 

ΤΊΝΙ 


STRABO 


τῶν ἀνδρῶν καὶ Ty τῶν γυναικῶν. γεωργοῦσιν 
γὰρ' αὗται, τεκοῦσαί τε διακονοῦσι τοῖς ἀνδράσιν, 
ἐκείνους ἀνθ᾽ ἑαυτῶν κατακλίνασαι" ἔν τε τοῖς 
ἔργοις πολλάκις αὐταὶ καὶ λούουσι καὶ σπαργα- 
νοῦσιν, ἀποκλίνασαι πρός τι ῥεῖθρον. ἐν δὲ τῇ 
Λιγυστικῇ φησιν ὁ Ἰϊοσειδώνιος διηγήσασθαι τὸν 
ξένον ἑαυτῷ Χαρμόλεων, Μασσαλιώτην ἄνδρα, 
ὅτι μισθώσαιτο ἄνδρας ὁμοῦ καὶ γυναῖκας ἐπὶ 
σκαφητόν, ὠδίνασα δὲ μία τῶν γυναικῶν ἀπέλθοι 
ἀπὸ τοῦ ἔργου πλησίον, τεκοῦσα δ᾽ ἐπανέλθοι ἐπὶ 
TOUPYOV αὐτίκα, ὅπως μὴ ἀπολέσειε τὸν μισθόν" 
αὐτὸς δὲ ἐπιπόνως ἰδὼν ἐργαξομένην, οὐκ εἰδὼς 
τὴν αἰτίαν πρότερον ὀψὲ μάθοι καὶ ἀφείη, δοὺς 
τὸν μισθόν' ἡ δ᾽ ἐκκομίσασα τὸ νήπιον πρός τι 
κρηνίον, λούσασα καὶ σπαργανώσασα οἷς εἶχε 
sels οἴκαδε. 

Οὐκ ἴδιον δὲ τῶν Ἰβήρων οὐδὲ τοῦτο, 
sib ἐφ᾽ ἵππων κομίζεσθαι, κατὰ δὲ Tas μάχας 
τὸν ἕτερον πεζὸν ἀγωνίξεσθαι. οὐδὲ τὸ τῶν μυῶν 
πλῆθος ἴδιον, ἀφ᾽ οὗ καὶ λοιμικαὶ νόσοι πολλάκις 
ἠκολούθησαν. συνέβη δ᾽ ἐν τῇ Κανταβρίᾳ τοῦτο 
τοῖς “Ῥωμαίοις, ὥστε, καὶ μισθοὺς ἄρνυσθαι μυο- 

ηροῦντας πρὸς μέτρον ἀποδειχθέν, διεσώζοντο 
μόλις" προσελάμβανε δὲ καὶ ἄλλων σπάνις καὶ 


1 yap, Jones inserts. 


1 A custom still in vogue among several primitive peoples 
(see article in Eneyc. Brit. under ‘‘ Couvade” 

τ The “field-mice” referred to in 3.2.6. The Greek word 
‘‘mus” may refer to any member of the Muride family ; 
here, presumably, to some sort of rat. 


112 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 17-18 


in common also the traits relating to courage—I 
mean the courage of women as well as of men. For 
example, these women till the soil, and when they 
have given birth to a child they put their husbands to 
bed instead of going to bed themselves and minister 
to them;! and while at work in the fields, often- 
times, when they have given birth to a child there, 
they turn aside to some brook and themselves bathe 
and swaddle the child. Poseidonius says that in 
Liguria his host, Charmoleon, a man of Massilia, 
narrated to him how he had hired men and women 
together for ditch-digging; and how one of the 
women, upon being seized with the pangs of child- 
birth, went aside from her work to a place near by, 
and, after having given birth to her child, came 
back to her work at once in order not to lose her 
pay; and how he himself saw that she was doing 
her work painfully, but was not aware of the cause 
till late in the day, when he learned it and sent her 
away with her wages; and she carried the infant out 
to a little spring, bathed it, swaddled it with what 
she had, and brought it safely home. 

18. Nor yet is the following custom peculiar to 
the Iberians alone: they ride double on horseback, 
though in the time of battle one of the two fights on 
foot; nor the especially great number of the mice,? 
from which pestilential diseases have often ensued. 
This was so much the case for the Romans in Can- 
tabria that, although a proclamation was made that 
mice-catchers would gain bounties graded in propor- 
tion to the number caught, the Romans could barely 
come through with their lives; and, besides the 
plague, there was a scarcity, not only of other stuffs, 
but of grain too; and only with difficulty could they 


113 


VOL. II. I 


STRABO 


ΕΣ 


σίτου: ἐπεσιτίζοντο δὲ ἐκ τῆς ᾿Ακυιτανίας χαλε- 
πῶς διὰ τὰς δυσχωρίας. τῆς δ᾽ ἀπονοίας καὶ 
aA 7 a / e/ e / VA 
τοῦτο λέγεται τῆς Καντάβρων, OTe adovtes τινές, 
ἀναπεπηγότες ἐπὶ τῶν σταυρῶν, ἐπαιώνιζον. τὰ 
μὲν οὖν τοιαῦτα τῶν ἠθῶν ἀγριότητός τινος παρα- 
δείγματ᾽ ἂν εἴη" τὰ δὲ τοιαῦτα ἧττον μὲν ἴσως 
,, ᾽ ΄ / \ \ a 
πολιτικά, οὐ θηριώδη δέ, οἷον τὸ παρὰ τοῖς Kap- 
τάβροις τοὺς ἄνδρας διδόναι ταῖς γυναιξὶ προῖκα, 
τὸ τὰς θυγατέρας κληρονόμους ἀπολείπεσθαι, τούς 
τε ἀδελφοὺς ὑπὸ τφύτων ἐκδίδοσθαι γυναιξίν. 
ἔχει γάρ τινα γυναικοκρατίαν. τοῦτο δ᾽ οὐ πάνυ 
Γ > \ \ \ \ 3 5 F 
πολιτικόν. ᾿Ιβηρικὸν δὲ καὶ τὸ ἐν ἔθει παρατί- 
θεσθαι τοξικόν, ὃ συντιθέασιν ἐκ βοτάνης σελίνῳ 
προσομοίας ἄπονον, ὥστ᾽ ἔχειν ἐν ἑτοίμῳ πρὸς 

\ 3 iA \ x es δ. vA - 
τὰ ἀβούλητα, καὶ τὸ κατασπένδειν αὑτούς, οἷς 
ἂν προσθῶνται, ὥστε ἀποθνήσκειν αὐτοὺς ὑπὲρ 
αὐτῶν. 

1 See footnote 3, p. 111. 

2 Apparently one of the wild members of the parsley 
family (Apiacez), ὁ. 6. fool’s parsley (Aethusa cynapiwm), 
poison hemlock (Coniwm maculatwm), or water hemlock 
(Cicuta maculata); more likely, poison hemlock. But per- 
haps the herb should be identified with that deadly Sardinian 
herb which Pausanias (10. 17) says is ‘‘ like parsley,” namely, 
celery-leaved, or marsh, crowfoot (Ranwnculus sceleratus ; 
see Dioscurides, de Mat. Med. 2. 206), and called by the 
Greeks ‘‘wild parsley.” This Sardinian herb produced a 
convulsive laughter, with a drawing down of the angles of 
the mouth (Solinus, Collect. Rarwm Memor 4. 4., Mommsen’s 
ed., p. 51), and ended fatally, with the proverbial ‘‘ Sardonic 


smile” (Pausanias, l.c.) on the victim’s face. 
3 The Celtiberians deemed it an unholy act for a ‘‘ devoted” 


114 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 4. 18 


get supplies out of Aquitania on account of the 
rough roads. As for the insensibility! of the Can- 
tabrians, this instance is also told, namely, that when 
some captive Cantabrians had been nailed on their 
crosses they proceeded to sing their paean of victory. 
Now such traits as these would indicate a certain 
savageness ; and yet there are other things which, 
although not marks of civilisation perhaps, are not 
brutish ; for instance, it is the custom among the 
Cantabrians for the husbands to give dowries to 
their wives, for the daughters to be left as heirs, 
and the brothers to be married off by their sisters. 
The custom involves, in fact, a sort of woman- 
rule—but this is not at all a mark of civilisa- 
tion. It is also an Iberian custom habitually to 
keep at hand a poison, which is made by them out 
of an herb that is nearly like parsley and painless,? 
so as to have it in readiness for any untoward 
eventuality; and it is an Iberian custom, too, to 
devote their lives to whomever they attach them- 
selves, even to the point of dying for them. 


person to survive his master (Valerius Maximus 2. 6. 11). 
Thousands of Iberians were ‘‘ devoted ” to Sertorius (Plutarch 
Sertorius 14); Valerius Maximus (7. 6) gives an account of 
the revolting acts they committed in their loyalty to Ser- 
torius in the defence of Calaguris; and Henry Swinburne 
(Travels through Spain in 1775 and 1776, Ninth Letter) 
quotes from the annals of Catalonia the following epitaph to 
them: ‘‘ Hic multae quae se manibus Q. Sertorii turmue, et 
terrae Mortalium omnium parenti Devovere, dum, eo sub- 
lato, Superesse taederet et fortiter Pugnando invicem 
cecidere, Morte ad praesens optata jacent. Valete posteri.”’ 
And Adiatunnus, king of the Sotiates in Aquitania, had 600 
*‘devoted” men, who, in the Celtic language, were called 
*‘soldurii,” according to Caesar (Bell. Gall. 3. 22) or, accord- 
ing to Athenaeus (6. 54), ‘‘siloduri,” which word, Athenaeus 
says, means in Greek ‘‘ men under a vow.” 


118 


C 166 


STRABO 


\ © [ane 
19. Τινὲς μὲν οὖν εἰς τέτταρα μέρη διῃρῆσθαί 
\ , Z 4 by bY 
φασι THY χώραν ταύτην, καθάπερ εἴπομεν, ἄλλοι 
δὲ n / 3 ” δὲ 3 \ 3 
é πενταμερῆ λέγουσιν. οὐκ ἔστι δὲ τἀκριβὲς ἐν 
, \ 
τούτοις ἀποδιδόναι διὰ τὰς μεταβολὰς καὶ τὴν 
/ a a / 
ἀδοξίαν τῶν τόπων. ἐν γὰρ τοῖς γνωρίμοις καὶ 
/ 
ἐνδόξοις ai τε μεταναστάσεις γνώριμοι καὶ οἱ 
\ a ’, \ a 3 
μερισμοὶ τῆς χώρας καὶ αἱ μεταβολαὶ τῶν ὀνο- 
Y a 
μάτων καὶ el TL ἄλλο παραπλήσιον" θρυλεῖται 
Ἂς \ A A ¢ ἢ 
γὰρ ὑπὸ πολλῶν, καὶ μάλιστα τῶν “Ελλήνων, οἱ 
λαλίστατοι πάντων γεγόνασι. ὅσα δὲ καὶ βάρ- 
/ 
Bapa καὶ ἐκτετοπισμένα Kal μικρόχωρα Kal διε- 
/ 2 an 
σπασμένα, τούτων ὑπομνήματα OUT ἀσφαλῆ ἐστιν 
* \ , na 
οὔτε πολλά; ὅσα δὲ δὴ πόρρω τῶν ᾿Ελλήνων 
9 / Ἂς ” € \ A ς 7 
ἐπιτείνει τὴν ἄγνοιαν. οἱ δὲ τῶν Ρωμαίων συγ- 
A a \ \ / 
γραφεῖς μιμοῦνται μὲν τοὺς “EAAnvas, ἀλλ᾽ οὐκ 
΄ Arie τς , \ Ae 
ἐπὶ πολύ: Kal yap ἃ λέγουσι Tapa τῶν “Ελλήνων 
7 b) ς lal 9 3 \ \ 
μεταφέρουσιν, ἐξ ἑαυτῶν δ᾽ ov πολὺ μὲν προσ- 
4 \ / 7 ᾽ ς , 
φέρονται τὸ φιλείδημον, ὥσθ᾽, ὁπόταν ἔλλειψις 
, ΧΊΟΝ / 3 δ \e \ 3 
γένηται Tap ἐκείνων, οὐκ ἔστι πολὺ τὸ ἀναπλη- 
vA ς \ nr e / 7 \ A 
ρούμενον ὑπὸ τῶν ἑτέρων, ἄλλως TE καὶ τῶν 
,ὕ Ψ 3 , n / Oe 
ὀνομάτων, ὅσα ἐνδοξότατα, τῶν πλείστων ὄντων 
aA \ ΔῸΣ / \ “ 
᾿Ελληνικῶν. ἐπεὶ καὶ ᾿Ιβηρίαν ὑπὸ μὲν τῶν προ- 
A nr n € la) 
τέρων καλεῖσθαι πᾶσαν τὴν ἔξω τοῦ Pwdavov 


1 Some MSS. read φιλέκδημον. Strabo may have written 
both words here, as in 1. 2. 29. So Corais, 


116 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 19 


19. Now although some assert that this country} 
has been divided into four divisions, as I have 
already stated, others say it has five divisions, But 
it is impossible, in this case, for us to represent a 
division that is scientifically accurate, because of the 
changes which have taken place and the disrepute 
of the regions. For it is only in the case of the 
well-known and reputable regions that the migra- 
tions, the divisions of the country, the changes in 
the names, and everything else of that kind, are well 
known. Indeed, our ears are filled with these 
things by many, and particularly by the Greeks, who 
have come to be the most talkative of all men. But 
as for all the nations that are barbarian and remote, 
as well as small in territory and split up,® their 
records are neither safe to go by nor numerous; and 
as for all the nations, of course, that are far off 
from the Greeks, our ignorance is still greater. Now 
although the Roman historians are imitators of the 
Greeks, they do not carry their imitation very far ; 
for what they relate they merely translate from the 
Greeks, while the fondness for knowledge that 
they of themselves bring to their histories is in- 
considerable; hence, whenever the Greeks leave 
gaps, all the filling in that is done by the other set 
of writers is inconsiderable— especially since most of 
the very famous names are Greek. Take, for ex- 
ample, even Iberia: the historians of former times, 
it is said, give the name of Iberia to all the country 
beyond the Rhodanus and that isthmus which is 


1 Celtiberia. 2 See 3. 4. 13. 
3 J.e., as in 3. 4, 5, ‘into petty divisions and sovereign- 
ties.” 


11ὴ 


STRABO 


καὶ TOU ισθμοῦ τοῦ ὑπὸ τῶν Παλατικῶν κόλπων 
σφιγγομένου, οἱ δὲ νῦν ὅριον αὐτῆς τίθενται τὴν 
Πυρήνην, συνωνύμως τε fie αὐτὴν Ἰβηρίαν λέγουσι 
καὶ Ἱσπανίαν' μόνην δ᾽ 1 ἐκάλουν τὴν ἐντὸς τοῦ 
Ἴβηρος, οἱ δ᾽ ἔτι πρότερον αὐτοὺς τούτους ᾿Ιγλῆ- 
τας, οὐ πολλὴν χώραν νεμομένους, ὥς φησιν 
᾿Ασκληπιάδης ὁ Μυρλεανός. Ῥωμαῖοι δὲ τὴν 
σύμπασαν καλέσαντες συνωνύμως 5 ᾿Ιβηρίαν τε 
καὶ ᾿Ἱσπανίαν τὸ μὲν αὐτῆς μέρος εἶπον τὴν ἐκτός, 
τὸ δὲ ἕτερον τὴν ἐντός: ἄλλοτε δ᾽ ἄλλως διαιροῦσι, 
πρὸς τοὺς καιροὺς πολιτευόμενοι. 

20. Νυνὶ δέ, τῶν ἐπαρχιῶν τῶν μὲν ἀποδει- 
χθεισῶν τῷ δήμῳ τε καὶ τῇ συγκλήτῳ τῶν δὲ 
τῷ ἡγεμόνι τῶν Ρωμαίων, ἡ μὲν Βαιτικὴ πρόσ- 


1 δ᾽, Jones inserts. 
2 συνωνύμως, Meineke, for ὁμωνύμως ; so Forbiger, Tardieu, 
and C. Miiller. 


1 They could have used ‘‘ Iberia” thus only in a general 
sense for ‘‘ Hesperia,” it seems. Very little was known of 
the interior of the country until the second century B.c., 
and at that time, according to Polybius (3. 37), it was only 
the country along the Mediterranean south of the Pyrenees 
as far as Gibraltar that was called ‘‘ Iberia,” while the 
country along the ‘‘outer sea” had no general name. The 
chronology of Strabo here is obscure; and, so far as we 
know, Hecataeus (b. about 540 B.c.) is the first Greek to 
speak of ‘‘ Iberia,” and, after him, Herodotus (1. 163). 
Later on, Eratosthenes (276-194 B.c.) is the first to dis- 
tinguish Iberia from Celtica (3. 2. 11), of which hitherto 
Iberia had been regarded as only a part; yet, if we accept 
Polybius, ‘‘ Iberia” did not come to include all the Spanish 
peninsula, and hence equal ‘‘ Hispania,” until late in the 
second century B.C. 

2 On the doubtful origin and meaning of ‘‘ Iberia” oe 
““ Hispania,” see Burke-Hume, A History of Spain, vol. 

p. 2, n. 4, and p. 14, n. 1. 
3 That is, between the Iberus and the Pyrenees, 
* Between the Iberus and the Pyrenees. 


118 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 19-20 


comprised between the two Galatic gulfs,! whereas 
the historians of to-day set the Pyrenees as the limit 
of Iberia and speak synonymously of this same 
country as “Iberia” and “ Hispania” ;? but they 
used to give the name of “Iberia” solely to the 
country this side the Iberus,’ although the historians 
still before that called the inhabitants of this very 
country* “ Igletes,” ὅ who occupy no large territory, 
as Asclepiades the Myrlean says. But though the 
Romans called the country as a whole both “ Iberia” 
and “ Hispania’ synonymously, they spoke of one 
division of it as “Farther” and of the other as 
“Hither”; at different times, however, they divide 
the country in different ways, suiting their government 
of the country to the requirements of the times.® 

20. At the present time, now that some of the 
provinces have been declared the property of the 
people and the senate, and the others that of 
the Roman emperor, Baetica belongs to the people ; 7 


5 But Herodorus (fl. about 400 B.c.), according to Stephanus 
Byzantinus (5. Ἰβήριαι), places the ‘‘Igletes,” or ‘‘Gletes,” 
north of the Cynetes, that is, in south-western Iberia. 

6 There was no permanent boundary between Hither and 
Farther Spain. At first the boundary was the Iberus; Polybius 
makes it start at a point near Saguntum; after him, even 
Almeria in Murcia was made the starting-point ; and at one 
time the capital of Hither Spain was New Carthage, though 
Augustus changed it to Tarraco. At first Hither Spain was 
merely the north-east corner; then, for a great part of the 
first and second centuries B.C., 1 was roughly bounded, let 
us say (cp. Burke-Hume, op. cit. p. 16, n. 2), by a line run- 
ning through the modern Almeria, Saragossa and Gerona ; 
and by the time of Julius Caesar, it comprised most of the 
peninsula except Baetica and Lusitania. 

1 The portion belonging to the emperor consisted of such 
parts of the country as required military defence. Baetica, 
now being the most civilised and peaceable, naturally fell to 
the people. Cp. 17. 3. 25. 


119 


C 167 


STRABO 


A / \ ? 
KELTaL TO δήμῳ, καὶ πέμπεται στρατηγὸς ἐπ 
/ τ > 
αὐτὴν ἔχων ταμίαν τε Kal πρεσβευτήν" ὅριον ὃ 
a fa) ’ a 
αὐτῆς τεθείκασι πρὸς ἠῶ πλησίον Κασταλῶνος 
€ \ \ / , 3 / δ᾽ > » 
ἡ δὲ λοιπὴ Kaicapos ἐστι' πέμπονται ἀπ 
“ 4 
αὐτοῦ δύο πρεσβευταί, στρατηγικὸς TE Kal 
/ ¢ / f \ a 
UTATLKOS, ὁ μὲν στρατηγικὸς, ἔχων σὺν αὑτῷ 
πρεσβευτήν, δικαιοδοτήσων Λυσιτανοῖς τοῖς πα- 
A n J an 
ρακειμένοις TH Βαιτικῇ καὶ διατείνουσι μέχρι τοῦ 
Δουρίου ποταμοῦ καὶ τῶν ἐκβολῶν αὐτοῦ" κα- 
a a ef \ , 7 *O7 > A 
λοῦσι yap οὕτω THY χώραν ταύτην ἰδίως ἐν TO 
/ 3 2 n Ὁ 22) Ν \ ς ᾽ > : 
παρόντι" ἐνταῦθα δ᾽ ἐστὶ καὶ ἡ Avyovata Hye- 
᾽ὔ Ὁ ἌΝ / “ δ᾽ b] \ δ [A an 
pita. ἡ δὲ] λοιπή, αὕτη δ᾽ ἐστὶν ἡ πλείστη τῆς 
3 \ al na , 
[Bnptas, ὑπὸ TO ὑπατικῷ ἡγεμόνι, στρατιάν TE 
» Ρ] / an ͵7 
ἔχοντι ἀξιόλογον τριῶν που ταγμάτων καὶ 
Ν a « ς 1h 7 
πρεσβευτὰς τρεῖς" ὧν ὁ μέν, δύο ἔχων τάγματα, 
“ Ud a J: a 
Tapadpoupet τὴν πέραν τοῦ Δουρίου πᾶσαν ἐπὶ 
ἃ / 
τὰς ἄρκτους, ἣν οἱ μὲν πρότερον Λυσιτανοὺς ἔλε- 
Ν lal os \ A 
γον, οἱ δὲ νῦν Καλλαϊκοὺς καλοῦσι" συνάπτει δὲ 
\ \ a 
τούτοις TA προσάρκτια Opn μετὰ τῶν ᾿Αστύρων 
\ rn / cn \ \ lal > 7 
καὶ τῶν Καντάβρων. ῥεῖ δὲ διὰ τῶν ᾿Αστύρων 
if 
Μέλσος ποταμός, Kal μικρὸν ἀπωτέρω πόλις 
a / a n 
Notya, καὶ πλησίον ἐκ τοῦ ὠκεανοῦ ἀνάχυσις, 
Cay, \ Vv 3 ss an 7 
opifovca τοὺς ᾿Αστυρας ἀπὸ τῶν Καντάβρων. 
x δ᾽ ic a / 2 [4 II / ¢€ ὃ 7 
τὴν 0 ἑξῆς παρόρειον 5 μέχρι Ilupyvns ὁ δεύτερος 
nr n x‘ n 
TOV πρεσβευτῶν μετὰ τοῦ ἑτέρου τάγματος. ἐπι- 
n «ς ns / 
σκοπεῖ δὲ ὁ τρίτος τὴν μεσόγαιαν, συνέχει δὲ τὰ 
1 δέ, Corais inserts. 


2 τὴν... mapdpecov, Kramer, for τῆς . . . παρόριον ; so 
Meineke, Forbiger, and Miiller-Diibner. 


I20 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 20 


and to govern it they send a praetor, who has under 
him both a quaestor and a legatus; its boundary, 
though, on the east, has been set in the neighbour- 
hood of Castalo. But all the rest of Iberia is 
Caesar's ; and he sends thither two legati, praetorian 
and consular respectively; the praetorian legatus, 
who has with him a legatus of his own, being sent 
to administer justice to those Lusitanians whose 
country is situated alongside Baetica and extends 
as far as the Durius River and its outlets (indeed, 
at the present time they apply the name Lusitania 
specifically to this country); and here, too, is the 
city of Augusta Emerita. The remainder of Caesar’s 
territory (and this is the most of Iberia) is under the 
consular governor,! who has under him, not only a 
noteworthy army of, I should say, three legions, but 
also three legati. One of the three, with two 
legions, guards the frontier of the whole country 
beyond the Durius to the north: the inhabitants of 
this country were spoken of by the people of former 
times as Lusitanians, but by the people of to-day 
they are called Callaicans. Adjoining this country 
are the northerly mountains, together with the 
Asturians and the Cantabrians. The River Melsus 
flows through Asturia; a little farther on is the 
city of Noega; and near Noega there is an estuary 
- from the ocean, which estuary is a boundary between 
the Asturians and the Cantabrians. The country 
next thereafter, along the mountains as far as the 
Pyrenees, is guarded by the second of the three 
legati and the other legion. The third legatus 
oversees the interior, and also conserves the interests 


1 Called above ‘‘ the consular legatus.” 


121 


STRABO 


τῶν ToyaTov! ἤδη λεγομένων ὡς ἂν εἰρηνικῶν 
καὶ εἰς τὸ ἥμερον καὶ τὸν ᾿Ιταλικὸν τύπον μετα- 
κειμένων ἐν τῇ τηβεννικῇ ἐσθῆτι. οὗτοι δ᾽ εἰσὶν 
οἱ Κελτίβηρες καὶ οἱ τοῦ Ἴβηρος πλησίον ἑκα- 
τέρωθεν οἰκοῦντες μέχρι τῶν πρὸς θαλάττῃ μερῶν. 
αὐτὸς δὲ ὁ ἡγεμὼν διαχειμάζξει μὲν ἐν τοῖς ἐπι- 
θαλαττιαίοις μέρεσι καὶ μάλιστα τῇ Καρχηδόνι 
καὶ τῇ Ταρράκωνι δικαιοδοτῶν, θέρους δὲ περίει- 
σιν, ἐφορῶν. ἀεί τινα τῶν δεομένων ἐπανορθώσεως. 
εἰσὶ δὲ καὶ ἐπίτροποι τοῦ ͵ Καίσαρος, ἱππικοὶ 
ἄνδρες, οἱ διανέμοντες τὰ χρήματα τοῖς στρατιώ- 
ταῖς εἰς τὴν διοίκησιν τοῦ βίου. 


Vv 


ma \ 7 7 an 3 ’ \ 
1. Τῶν δὲ προκειμένων νήσων τῆς ᾿Ιβηρίας τὰς 
\ / / \ \ / ΄ a 
μὲν Πιτυούσσας δύο καὶ τὰς Γυμνησίας δύο (as 
a \ , nan / 
καλοῦσι καὶ Badwapidas) προκεῖσθαι συμβαίνει 
an \ / \ ΄ iA 
THs μεταξὺ Ταρράκωνος καὶ Σούκρωνος παραλίας, 
3. 1.35 ἢν as \ s ΄ 3. ἃ ΟΝ \ ν 
ἐφ᾽ ἧς ἵδρυται τὸ Σάγουντον'" εἰσὶ δὲ καὶ πελάγιαι, 
ἴω δ᾽ ο ς “ 3 \ iy / 
μᾶλλον at Πιτυοῦσσαι ὅ πρὸς ἑσπέραν κεκλι- 
/ La if Ὁ 3 > la) ¢€ \ 
μέναι τῶν υμνησίων. καλεῖται δ᾽ αὐτῶν ἡ μὲν 


1 τογάτων, Kramer and Meineke insert after τῶν (others 
after λεγομένων). 

2 δ᾽, Jones inserts. 

3 καί, before πρός, Spengel deletes. 


1 Cp. 3. 2..15, and footnote. 
2 Diodorus Siculus (5. 17) says the islands were ‘ by 


122 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 4. 20-5. 1 


of those peoples who are already called “ Togati’”’ 1 
(or, as you might say, “peaceably inclined’’), and 
have become transformed, clad in their toga-robe, to 
their present gentleness of disposition and their 
Italian mode of life; these latter are the Celti- 
berians and the peoples that live near them on both 
sides of the Iberus as far as the regions next to the 
sea. As for the governor himself, he passes his 
winters administering justice in the regions by the 
sea, and especially in New Carthage and Tarraco, 
while in the summer-time he goes the rounds of 
his province, always making an inspection of some 
of the things that require rectification. Caesar also 
has procurators there, of the equestrian rank, who 
distribute among the soldiers everything that is 
necessary for the maintenance of their lives. 


ν᾽ 


1. Of the islands which lie off Iberia, the two 
Pityussae, and the two Gymnesiae (which are also 
called the Baliarides),? lie off the stretch of coast 
that is between ‘Tarraco and Sucro, whereon 
Saguntum is situated ; they are also out in the open 
sea, all of them, although the Pityussae have a 
greater inclination 5 to the west than the Gymnesiae. 


the Greeks called ‘Gymnesiae,’ on account of the fact that 
the inhabitants went ‘ unclad’ (yuuvods τῆς ἐσθῆτοΞ) in the 
summer-time” (so Livy, Zpit. 60), ‘‘ but by the natives and 
the Romans ‘Baliarides,’ from the fact that they hurl 
(βάλλειν) big stones with their slings the best of all mankind ” 
(so Livy, J.c., who adds, ‘‘or else from Baleus, the com- 
panion of Hercules”). Strabo elsewhere (14. 2. 10) makes 
Baliarides of Phoenician origin. 
3 Cp. vol. i, page 101, and footnote 1. 


123 


C 168 


STRABO 


Pe 
"EBovaos, πόλιν ἔχουσα ὁμώνυμον" κύκλος δὲ 
na / , \ 
τῆς νήσου τετρακόσιοι στάδιοι, παρώμαλος TO 
, \ Ν - ς \ 93 na by4 \ 
πλάτος Kal TO μῆκος" ἡ δὲ ᾿Οφιοῦσσα ἔρημος καὶ 
\ / lA an \ 
πολὺ ἐλάττων ταύτης πλησίον κειμένη. τῶν δὲ 
, ς \ » ” / / 
Γυμνησίων ἡ μὲν μείζων ἔχει δύο πόλεις, Πάλμαν 
, \ 
καὶ ἸΠολεντίαν, τὴν μὲν πρὸς ἕω κειμένην, τὴν 
f \ Lge ig N Υ aA \ 
Πολεντίαν, τὴν δ᾽ ἑτέραν πρὸς δύσιν. μῆκος δὲ 
nr \ cr a , 
τῆς νήσου μικρὸν ἀπολεῖπον τῶν ἑξακοσίων 
/ / > Jey \ 
σταδίων, πλάτος δὲ διακοσίων, ᾿Αρτεμίδωρος δὲ 
διπλάσιον εἴρηκε καὶ τὸ πλάτος καὶ τὸ μῆκος. 
ς δ᾽ 3 i ς ὃ Υ, τὰ © 7 an 
ἡ δ᾽ ἐλάττων ὡς διακοσίους 1 ἑβδομήκοντα τῆς 
Vat f 
Πολεντίας διέχει σταδίους" κατὰ μέγεθος μὲν 
5 \ n / 5 ᾽ Ν \ \ 
οὖν πολὺ τῆς μείζονος ἀπολείπεται, KATA δὲ τὴν 
\ a Ii y \ 
ἀρετὴν οὐδὲν αὐτῆς χείρων ἐστίν: ἄμφω yap 
Ε / \ δα / i \ \ \ 
εὐδαίμονες καὶ EVALMEVOL, χοιραδώδεις δὲ KATA TA 
΄ 4 a n a VA 
στόματα, ὥστε δεῖν προσοχῆς τοῖς εἰσπλέουσι" 
Ν \ \ a aA 
διὰ δὲ THY ἀρετὴν τῶν τόπων καὶ οἱ κατοικοῦντες 
> a / \ e Ν N wv 
εἰρηναῖοι, καθάπερ καὶ οἱ κατὰ τὴν "Εβουσον. 
/ 7 
κακούργων δέ τινων ὀλίγων κοινωνίας συστησα- 
᾽ Ν \ n 
μένων πρὸς τοὺς ἐν τοῖς πελάγεσι λῃστάς, διε- 
/ 
βλήθησαν ἅπαντες, καὶ διέβη Μέτελλος ἐπ᾽ 
\ ς 
αὐτοὺς ὁ Βαλιαρικὸς προσαγορευθείς, ὅστις καὶ 
\ / Μ \ Ἂ \ bY) \ > Ἂς 2 
τὰς πόλεις ἔκτισε. διὰ δὲ τὴν αὐτὴν ἀρετὴν ἐπι- 
, / n 
βουλευόμενοι, καίπερ εἰρηναῖοι ὄντες, ὅμως ohev- 
a / σι 
δονῆται ἄριστοι λέγονται" καὶ τοῦτ᾽ ἤσκησαν, ὥς 
/ 3 “ ’ 
φασι, διαφερόντως, ἐξ ὅτου Φοίνικες κατέσχον 
1 διακοσίους (σ, Corais inserts; so Groskurd, Kramer, 


Forbiger, and Meineke. Cp. Pliny (3. 11) who says ‘30 
miles.” ; 


124 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 5. 1 


Now one of the Pityussae is called Ebusus, and it 
has a city of the same name; the circuit of the 
island is four hundred stadia, with the breadth and 
the length about equal. The other island, Ophiussa, 
which lies near Ebusus, is desert and much smaller. 
Of the Gymnesiae, the larger has two cities, Palma 
and Polentia, one of which, Polentia, is situated in 
the eastern part of the island, and the other in the 
western. The length of the island falls but little 
short of six hundred stadia, and the breadth but 
little short of two hundred—although Artemidorus 
has stated the length and breadth at double these 
figures. The smaller of the two is about two hundred 
and seventy stadia distant from Polentia. Now 
although it falls far short of the larger island in 
size, it is in no respect inferior thereto in the 
excellence of its soil; for both are blessed with 
fertility, and also have good harbours, though the 
harbours are full of reefs at the entrances, so that 
there is need of vigilance on the part of those who 
sailin, And it is on account of the fertility of these 
regions that the inhabitants are peaceable, as is also 
the case with the people on the island of Ebusus. 
But merely because a few criminals among them 
had formed partnerships with the pirates of the 
high seas, they were all cast into disrepute, and an 
over-sea expedition was made against them by 
Metellus, surnamed Balearicus, who is the man that 
founded their cities. On account of the same 
fertility of their islands, however, the inhabitants 
are ever the object of plots, albeit they are peace- 
able; still they are spoken of as the best of slingers. 
And this art they have practised assiduously, so it 
is said, ever since the Phoenicians took possession 


125 


STRABO 


τὰς νήσους. οὗτοι δὲ καὶ ἐνδῦσαι λέγονται 
πρῶτοι τοὺς “ἀνθρώπους χιτῶνας πλατυσήμους" 
ἄξωστοι δ' ἐπὶ τοὺς ἀγῶνας ἐξήεσαν, αἰγίδα περὶ 
τῇ χειρὶ ἔχοντες ἢ πεπυρακτωμένον ἀκόντιον 
(σπάνιον δὲ καὶ λελογχωμένον σιδήρῳ μικρῷ), 
σφενδόνας δὲ περὶ τῇ κεφαλῇ τρεῖς (μελαγκρα- 
νίνας," σχοίνου εἶδος, ἐξ οὗ πλέκεται τὰ σχοινία" 
καὶ Φιλητᾶς γε ἐν Ἑρμηνείᾳ"" 

λευγαλέος δὲ χιτὼν πεπινωμένος" ἀμφὶ δ᾽ ἀραιὴ 

ἰξὺς εἰλεῖται κόμμα μελάγκαψψ 

ὡς σχοίνῳ ἐζωσμένου) μελαγκρανίνας 4 i) τριχίνας 
ἢ νευρίνας" τὴν μὲν μακρόκωλον πρὸς τὰς μακρο- 
βολίας, τὴν δὲ βραχύκωλον “πρὸς τὰς ἐν βραχεῖ 
βολάς, τὴν δὲ μέσην πρὸς τὰς μέσας. ἠσκοῦντο 
δ᾽ ἐκ παίδων οὕτως ταῖς σφενδόναις, ὥστ᾽ οὐδ᾽ 
ἄλλως τοῖς παισὶν ἄρτον ἐδίδοσαν ἄνευ τοῦ TH 
σφενδόνῃ ® τυχεῖν. διόπερ ὁ Μέτελλος, προσπλέων 
πρὸς τὰς νήσους, δέρρεις ἔτεινεν ὑπὲρ τῶν κατα- 
στρωμάτων “σκέπην πρὸς τὰς σφενδόνας. εἰσή- 
γαγε δὲ ἐποίκους τρισχιλίους τῶν ἐκ τῆς ᾿Ιβηρίας 
Ῥωμαίων. 

2. IIpos δὲ τῇ εὐκαρπίᾳ τῆς γῆς καὶ τὸ μηδὲν 

1 μελαγκρανίνας, Kramer, for μελαγκραίνας : so Meineke. 

2 Tyrwhitt conjectures Ἑρμῇ ἐλεγείᾳ for ‘Epunveig. 

3 μελαγκράνινον, Kramer, for μελαγκραίνον ; so Meineke. 

4 μελαγκρανίνας5, Kramer, for μελαγκραίνας ; so Meineke, 


5 τῇ σφενδόνῃ, Casaubon, for the corrupt τῆς σφενδόνης of 
the MSS. 


1 That is, for a shield. 

2 But cp. Diodorus Siculus, who says (5. 18): ‘‘ Their 
equipment for fighting is three slings (so also Florus ὃ. 8 = 
1. 43 in Rossbach’s ed.) ; and, of these, they keep one round 
the head, another round the belly, and a third in the hands.” 


126 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 5. 1-2 


of the islands. And the Phoenicians are also spoken 
of as the first to clothe the people there in tunics 
with a broad border; but the people used to go 
forth to their fights without a girdle on—with only 
a goat-skin, wrapped round the arm,! or with a 
javelin that had been hardened in the fire (though 
in rare cases it was also pointed with a small iron 
tip), and with three slings worn round the head,? of 
black-tufted rush (that is, a species of rope-rush, 
out of which the ropes are woven; and Philetas, 
too, in his ‘“ Hermeneia’’? says, “Sorry his tunic 
befouled with dirt; and round about him his slender 
waist is entwined with a strip of black-tufted rush,” 
meaning a man girdled with a rush-rope), of black- 
tufted rush, I say, or of hair or of sinews: the sling 
with the long straps for the long shots, the one with 
the short straps for the shots at short range, and 
the medium sling for the medium shots. And their 
training in the use of slings used to be such, from 
childhood up, that they would not so much as give 
bread to their children unless they first hit it with 
the sling. This is why Metellus, when he was 
approaching the islands from the sea, stretched 
hides above the decks as a protection against the 
slings. And he brought thither as colonists three 
thousand of the Romans who were in Iberia. 

2. In addition to the fruitfulness of the soil, there 


3 The works of Philetas of Cos are lost. This ‘‘ Her- 
meneia,” meaning ‘‘ Interpretation” (2), is otherwise un- 
known. The reference may be to a poem of Philetas which, 
according to Parthenius (Hrotica 2), was entitled ‘‘ Hermes.” 
However, the entire reference has every appearance of being 
merely a gloss on ‘‘ black-tufted rush,” as was first suggested 
by Casaubon. 

4 So Diodorus 5, 18 and Florus 3. 8. 


127 


STRABO 


τῶν σινομένων θηρίων εὑρίσκεσθαι ῥᾳδίως ἐνταῦθα 
πρόσεστιν" οὐδὲ γὰρ τοὺς λαγιδεῖς ἐπιχωρίους 
εἶναί φασιν, ἀλλὰ κομισθέντων ἐκ τῆς περαίας 
ὑπό τινος ἄρρενος καὶ θηλείας γενέσθαι τὴν ἐπι- 
γονήν" ἣ τοσαύτη κατ᾽ ἀρχὰς ὑπῆρχεν, ὥστε καὶ 
οἴκους ἀνατρέπειν ἐκ τῆς ὑπονομῆς καὶ δένδρα, 
καὶ ἐπὶ τοὺς Ῥωμαίους, ὥσπερ εἶπον, ἀναγκα- 
σθῆναι καταφυγεῖν τοὺς ἀνθρώπους. νῦν μέντοι 
τὸ εὐμεταχείριστον. τῆς θήρας ἐπικρατεῖν οὐκ ἐᾷ 
τὴν βλάβην, ἀλλὰ λυσιτελῶς οἱ ἔχοντες καρ- 
ποῦνται τὴν γῆν. αὗται μὲν οὖν ἐντὸς στηλῶν 
τῶν Ἡρακλείων καλουμένων. 

3. Πρὸς αὐταῖς δὲ δύο νησίδια, ὧν θάτερον 

Ἥρας νῆσον ὀνομάζουσι: καὶ δή τινες καὶ ταύτας 
Στήλας καλοῦσιν. ἔξω δὲ ,Στηλῶν. τὰ Ράδειρα, 
περὶ ὧν τοσοῦτον μόνον εἰρήκαμεν, ὅτι τῆς Κάλ- 
πῆς διέχει περὶ ἑπτακοσίους καὶ πεντήκοντα 
σταδίους (τῆς δὲ ἐκ βολῆς τοῦ Βαίτιδος πλησίον 
ἵδρυται), πλείους δ᾽ εἰσὶ λόγοι περὶ αὐτῆς. οὗτοι 
γάρ εἰσιν οἱ ἄνδρες οἱ τὰ πλεῖστα καὶ μέγιστα 
ναυκλήρια στέλλοντες εἴς τε τὴν KAO ἡμᾶς θά- 
AaTTav καὶ τὴν ἐκτός, οὔτε μεγάλην οἰκοῦντες 
νῆσον οὔτε τῆς περαίας νεμόμενοι πολλὴν οὔτ᾽ 

te ao! 

2 <The Pillars” was used in various senses in ancient 
times (cp. § 5 below), but the more common conception in 
Strabo’s time appears to have been that of Calpe (the Rock 
of Gibraltar) and Abilyx (Ximiera, 1.9. ‘‘ Ape Mountain,” in 
Africa). The two isles here referred to as near the Pillars 
cannot be identified ; there are no islands in the strait at 
Calpe. Scymnus (142-145) puts the Pillar-isles near Maenaca 
(now Almunecar), but he says nothing about ‘‘ Hera’s 


Island.” Perhaps the isles at Trafalgar—a cape, called by 
Mela (2. 6. 9) the Promontory of Juno, on which there was 


128 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 5. 2-3 


is also the fact that no injurious animal can easily 
be found in the Gymnesiae. For even the rabbits 
there, it is said, are not native, but the stock sprang 
from a male and female brought over by some person 
from the opposite mainland ; and this stock was, for 
a fact, so numerous at first, that they even over- 
turned houses and trees by burrowing beneath them, 
and that, as I have said,! the people were forced to 
have recourse to the Romans. At present, however, 
the ease with which the rabbits are caught prevents 
the pest from prevailing; indeed, the landholders 
reap profitable crops from the soil. Now these 
islands are this side of what are called the Pillars 
of Heracles. 

3. Close to the Pillars there are two isles, one of 
which they call Hera’s Island; moreover, there are 
some who call also these isles the Pillars.2 Gades, 
however, is outside the Pillars. Concerning Gades 
I have said only thus much, that it is about seven 
hundred and fifty stadia distant from Calpe ὃ (that 
is, it is situated near the outlet of the Baetis), but 
there is more to be said about it than the others. 
For example, here live the men who fit out the 
most and largest merchant-vessels, both for Our Sea 
and the outer sea, although, in the first place, it is 
no large island they live in, and, secondly, they do 
not occupy much of the continent opposite the 
island, and, thirdly, they are not well-off in the 
a temple of Hera (Ptolemaeus 2. 4. 5)—were once regarded as 
the Pillars. From this, as Gosselin and Groskurd think, the 
Promontory of Juno became confused with Calpe; hence a 
Hera’s Island at Calpe, and also, Groskurd adds, the inven- 
tion of a corresponding isle at Abilyx. Cp. the reference to 


Artemidorus in § 5 below, and see the discussion of Bérard, 
Les Phéniciens et V Odyssée, vol. i, pp. 264 ff. 19: 


129 
VOL. II, K 


C 169 


STRABO 


ἄλλων εὐποροῦντες νήσων, ἀλλὰ πλέον οἰκοῦντες 
τὴν θάλατταν, ὀλίγοι δ᾽ οἰκουροῦντες ἢ ἐν Ῥώμῃ 
διατρίβοντες. ἐπεὶ πλήθει γε οὐδεμιᾶς ἂν ἀπο- 
λείπεσθαι δόξειε τῶν ἔξω Ῥώμης πόλεων' ἤκουσα 
γοῦν ἐν μιᾷ τῶν καθ᾽ ἡμᾶς τιμήσεων πεντακοσίους 
ἄνδρας τιμηθέντας ἱππικοὺς Παδιτανούς, ὅσους 
οὐδένας οὐδὲ τῶν ᾿Ιταλιωτῶν πλὴν τῶν 11α- 
ταουίνων. τοσοῦτοι δ᾽ ὄντες νῆσον ἔχουσιν οὐ 


\ / A e x / \ n 
. πολὺ μείζονα TOV ἑκατὸν σταδίων TO μῆκος, 


πλάτος δ᾽ ἔσθ᾽ ὅπου καὶ σταδιαῖον. πόλιν δὲ 
κατ᾽ ἀρχὰς μὲν ὥκουν παντάπασι μικράν, προσ- 
EKTLOE δ᾽ αὐτοῖς Βάλβος ᾿ ᾿αδιτανὸς ὁ ὁ θριαμβεύσας 
ἄλλην, ἣν Νέαν καλοῦσι" τὴν δ᾽ ἐξ. ἀμφοῖν Διδύ- 
μην, οὐ πλειόνων εἴκοσι σταδίων οὖσαν τὴν περί- 
μετρον, οὐδὲ ταύτην στενοχωρουμένην" ὀλίγοι γὰρ 
οἰκουροῦσιν ἐν αὐτῇ διὰ τὸ πάντας θαλαττεύειν 
τὸ πλέον, τοὺς δὲ καὶ τὴν περαίαν οἰκεῖν καὶ 
μάλιστα τὴν ἐπὶ τῆς προκειμένης νησῖδος διὰ τὴν 
εὐφυίαν, ἣν ὥσπερ ἀντίπολιν πεποιήκασι τῇ 
Διδύμῃ, χαίροντες τῷ τόπῳ. ὀλίγοι δὲ κατὰ 
σύγκρισιν καὶ ταύτην οἰκοῦσι καὶ τὸ ἐπίνειον ὃ 
κατεσκεύασεν αὐτοῖς Βάλβος ἐν τῇ περαίᾳ τῆς 
ἠπείρου. κεῖται δ᾽ ἐπὶ τῶν ἑσπερίων τῆς νήσου 
μερῶν ἡ πόλις, προσεχὲς δ᾽ αὐτῇ τελευταῖόν ἐστι 

Op. 5: 1. 7, 

2 In 19 B.c., for his victory over the Garamantes and other 
African peoples. 

3 “New” (City). 4 «< Twin” (City). 

δ᾽ Hardly the islet of Trocadero, Tozer thinks (Selections, 
p. 110), although the description of the islet by Pliny (4. 36) 
might suit Trocadero. Both Gosselin and Tozer conjecture 
that the islet here mentioned by Strabo has disappeared, or 


rather that all that is left of it is the dangerous reef of rocks 
off Cadiz to the north. 


130 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 5. 3 


possession of other islands ; indeed, they live mostly 
on the sea, though a mere few keep at home or else 
while away their time at Rome. In population, 
however, Gades does not fall short, it would seem, 
of any of the cities except Rome; at any rate I 
have heard that in one of the censuses of our own 
time there were five hundred men assessed as 
Gaditanian Knights—a number not equalled even 
in the case of the Italian cities except Patavium.! 
But though the Gaditanians are so numerous, they 
occupy an island not much larger than a hundred 
stadia in length, and in places merely a stadium in 
breadth. As for their city, the one they lived in at 
first was very small indeed, but Balbus of Gades, who 
gained the honour of a triumph,” founded another 
for them, which they call “ Nea’ ?; and the city 
which is composed of the two they call “ Didyme,” # 
although it is not more than twenty stadia in cir- 
cuit, and even at that not crowded. For only a few 
stay at home in the city, because in general they are 
all at sea, though some live on the continent opposite 
the island, and also, in particular, on account of its 
natural advantages, on the islet that lies off Gades ; ὃ 
and because they take delight in its geographical 
position they have made the islet a rival city, as it 
were, to Didyme.4 Only a few, however, com- 
paratively speaking, live either on the islet or in 
the harbour-town ® which was constructed for them 
by Balbus on the opposite coast of the mainland. 
The city of Gades is situated on the westerly parts 
of the island ; and next to it, at the extremity of 


6 The Portus Gaditanus of the Romans, now known as 
Puerto Real. 


131 
i 2 


STRABO 


a A \ ς »Ἥ 
τὸ Κρόνιον πρὸς τῇ νησῖδι" τὸ δ᾽ Ἡράκλειον ἐπὶ 
θ 2 / 1 \ Ψ θ᾽ a ὃ} i 
ἄτερα τέτραπται" πρὸς ἕω, καθ᾽ ὃ δὴ μάλιστα 
a > / / if is an [χά 
τῇ ἠπείρῳ τυγχάνει συνάπτουσα ἡ νῆσος ὅσον 
n \ / f 
σταδιαῖον πορθμὸν ἀπολείπουσα. καὶ λέγουσι 
\ ὃ VA n , ὃ γὃ J x € , 
μὲν διέχειν τῆς πόλεως OWOEKA μίλια τὸ ιερον, 
A an \ n / 
ἴσον ποιοῦντες τὸν τῶν ἄθλων καὶ TOV TOV μιλίων 
a / n 
ἀριθμόν: ἔστι δὲ μεῖζον καὶ σχεδὸν τι τοσοῦτον 
a) n A 2 \ 
ὅσον ἐστὶ TO τοῦ μήκους τῆς νήσου" μῆκος δ᾽ ἐστὶ 
τῆς νήσου τὸ ἀπὸ τῆς δύσεως ἐπὶ τὴν ἀνατολήν. 
ς 
4. ᾿Ερύθειαν δὲ τὰ Τάδειρα ἔοικε λέγειν ὁ 
Φ “ὃ 3 δ \ \ \ ith / θ ΄ 
ερεκύδης, ἐν ἣ τὰ περὶ τὸν Τηρυόνην μυθεύουσιν. 
i a 
ἄλλοι δὲ THY παραβεβλημένην ταύτῃ TH πόλει 
νῆσον, πορθμῷ σταδιαίῳ διειργομένην, τὸ εὔβοτον 
aA an / Ἂν 
ὁρῶντες, ὅτι τῶν νεμομένων αὐτόθι προβάτων τὸ 
γάλα ὀρὸν οὐ ποιεῖ. τυροποιοῦσί τε πολλῷ 
« \ / 
ὕδατι μίξαντες διὰ THY πιότητα, ἐν πεντήκοντά 
/ A 
τε ἡμέραις πνίγεται TO ζῷον, εἰ μή τις ἀποσχάζοι 
τι τοῦ αἵματος. ξηρὰ δέ ἐστιν ἣν νέμονται βο- 
th 9 Ν / / , > 9 
τάνην, ἀλλὰ πιαίνει σφόδρα" τεκμαίρονται δ᾽ ἐκ 
΄, 2 ΄, θ \ a \ NON ͵ 
τούτου 5 πεπλάσθαι τὸν μῦθον τὸν περὶ τὰ βουκό- 
n id A a 
dua τοῦ I‘npvovov. κοινῇ μέντοι συνῴκισται TAS 
/ 
ὁ αἰγιαλός. 
1 τά, before πρός, Jones deletes. 


2 τούτου, from the margin of ο, for τοῦ (ABC/); so the 
other editors. 


1 This strait is now called the River of St. Peter. 

2 Roman miles. 3 Of Heracles. 

4 Strabo means the longitudinal distance between the two 
extremities of the island. For his definition of ‘ length,” 
see 2, 1. 32 (vol. i, p. 321). Strabo thought that the length 


152 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 5. 3-4 


the island and near the islet, is the temple of Cronus; 
but the temple of Heracles is situated on the other 
side, facing towards the east, just where the island 
runs, it so happens, most closely to the mainland, 
thus leaving a strait of only about a stadium in 
width| And they say that the temple is twelve 
miles? distant from the city, thus making the 
number of the miles equal to that of the Labours ; 
yet the distance is greater than that and amounts 
to almost as much as the length of the island ; and 
the length of the island is that from the west to the 
east.4 

4. By “ Erytheia,” in which the myth-writers 
place the adventures of Geryon, Pherecydes seems to 
mean Gades.® Others, however, think that Erytheia 
is the island that lies parallel to this city and is 
separated from it by a strait of a stadium in width,§ 
that is, in view of the fine pasturage there, because 
the milk of the flocks that pasture there yields no 
whey. And when they make cheese they first mix 
the milk with a large amount of water, on account 
of the fat in the milk. Further, the animals choke 
to death within fifty days, unless you open a vein 
and bleed them. The grass upon which they graze 
is dry, but it makes them very fat; and it is from 
this fact, it is inferred, that the myth about the 
cattle of Geryon has been fabricated. The whole 
of the coast, however, is peopled jointly.’ 


of the island ran about east and west, but it really runs 
about north-north-west to south-south-east. 

peop. 3.2211. 6 Cp. Pliny 4. 36. 

? That is, by both Tyrians and Iberians. We are left to 
ee that the interior of the island was peopled by Tyrians 
alone. 


133 


C 170 


STRABO 


A LA A ’ an 
5. Περὶ δὲ τῆς κτίσεως τῶν Γαδείρων τοιαῦτα 
“ ἃ 
λέγοντες μέμνηνται Τ᾽αδιτανοὶ χρησμοῦ τινος, ὃν 
/ \ / 7 Δ ΘΡΟΝ \ ς 
γενέσθαι φασὶ Τυρίοις κελεύοντα ἐπὶ τὰς Ἥρα- 
, 7 » ’ / ἢ \ \ , 
κλέους στήλας ἀποικίαν πέμψαι" τοὺς δὲ πεμφθέν- 
τας κατασκοπῆς χάριν, ἐπειδὴ κατὰ τὸν πορθμὸν 
x nN \ , / 
ἐγένοντο Tov κατὰ τὴν Κάλπην, νομίσαντας τέρ- 
n 3 7 A € 7 
μονας εἶναι τῆς οἰκουμένης καὶ τῆς .Ηρακλέους 
\ Χ a \ IZ 
στρατείας Ta ἄκρα τὰϊ ποιοῦντα τὸν πορθμόν, 
la / 2 \ 
ταῦτα δ᾽ αὐτὰ καὶ Στήλας ὀνομάζειν τὸ λόγιον, 
a 7 \ rn a e 
κατασχεῖν εἴς TL χωρίον ἐντὸς τῶν στενῶν, ἐν ᾧ 
a nan a , a) 
νῦν ἐστιν ἡ τῶν ᾿Εξιτανῶν πόλις" ἐνταῦθα δὲ 
a n [4 
θύσαντας, μὴ γενομένων καλῶν τῶν ἱερείων, ἀνα- 
/ ο \ id 
κάμψαι πάλιν. χρόνῳ δ᾽ ὕστερον τοὺς πεμφθέν- 
val an n , 
tas προελθεῖν ἔξω τοῦ πορθμοῦ περὶ χιλίους 
/ n 
καὶ πεντακοσίους σταδίους εἰς νῆσον «Ἡρακλέους 
[ / / \ / > If An 2 / 
ἱεράν, κειμένην κατὰ πόλιν Ονοβαν τῆς ᾿Ιβηρίας, 
“ 53 \ A 
Kal νομίσαντας ἐνταῦθα εἶναι Tas Στήλας θῦσαι 
τῷ θεῷ, μὴ γενομένων δὲ πάλιν καλῶν τῶν 
lal la) / 
ἱερείων, ἐπανελθεῖν οἴκαδε. τῷ δὲ τρίτῳ στόλῳ 
Ἅ) »» 
τοὺς ἀφικομένους Ldderpa κτίσαι καὶ ἱδρύσασθαι 
an / n 4 \ 
TO ἱερὸν ἐπὶ τοῖς ἑώοις τῆς νήσου THY δὲ πόλιν 
n \ n \ n 
ἐπὶ τοῖς ἑσπερίοις. διὰ δὲ τοῦτο τοὺς μὲν δοκεῖν 
τὰ ἄκρα τοῦ πορθμοῦ τὰς Στήλας εἶναι, τοὺς δὲ 
\ / \ bene) 4 ἴω , 
τὰ Γάδειρα, τοὺς δ᾽ ἔτι πορρώτερον τῶν Ladetpwv 
ἔξω προκεῖσθαι. ἔνιοι δὲ Στήλας ὑπέλαβον τὴν 
᾽ / \ , 
Κάλπην καὶ τὴν ᾿Αβίλυκα, TO ἀντικείμενον ὄρος 


1 τά, Corais inserts before ποιοῦντα. 


1 In speaking of the Pillars or the Strait, Strabo always 
means ‘‘east of” by ‘‘inside” and ‘‘ west of” by ‘‘ outside. ” 
2 Gosselin would emend to ‘‘five hundred,” thus making 
the limit of the second expedition the cape of Trafalgar and 


134 


GEOGRAPHY, 3.5. 5 


5. In telling stories of the following sort about 
the founding of Gades, the Gaditanians recall a 
certain oracle, which was actually given, they say, 
to the Tyrians, ordering them to send a colony to 
the Pillars of Heracles: The men who were sent 
for the sake of spying out the region, so the story 
goes, believed, when they got near to the strait at 
Calpe, that the two capes which formed the strait 
were ends of the inhabited world and of Heracles’ 
expedition, and that the capes themselves were 
what the oracle called “ Pillars”; and they there- 
fore landed at a place inside! the narrows, namely, 
where the city of the Exitanians now is; and there 
they offered sacrifice, but since the sacrifices did not 
prove favourable they turned homeward again; but 
the men who were sent at a later period went on 
outside the strait, about fifteen hundred stadia,? to 
an island sacred to Heracles, situated near the city 
of Onoba in Iberia, and believing that this was 
where the Pillars were they offered sacrifice to the 
god, but since again the sacrifices did not prove 
favourable they went back home; but the men who 
arrived on the third expedition founded Gades, and 
placed the temple in the eastern part of the island 
but the city in the western. For this reason some 
are of the opinion that the capes at the strait are 
the Pillars ; others, Gades; and others that they lie 
on ahead still farther outside the strait than Gades. 
Again, some have supposed that Calpe and Abilyx 
are the Pillars, Abilyx being that mountain in Libya 


its islets, which are 250 stadia east of Gades, since Gades 
is 750 stadia (3. 1. 8) from Calpe. But Onoba (Huelva), 
near which this unidentified island is, is near the mouth of 
the Odiel River, sixty miles west of Gades. 


135 


STRABO 


ἐκ τῆς Λιβύης, ὅ φησιν ᾿Ερατοσθένης ἐν τῷ Με- 
ταγωνίῳ, “Νομαδικῷ ἔθνει, ἱδρῦσθαι". οἱ δὲ τὰς 
πλησίον ἑκατέρου νησίδας, ὧν τὴν ἑτέραν Ἥρας 
νῆσον ὀνομάζουσιν. ᾿Αρτεμίδωρος δὲ τὴν μὲν τῆς 
Ἥρας νῆσον καὶ ἱερὸν λέγει αὐτῆς, ἄλλην δέ 
φησιν εἶναί τινα, οὐδ᾽ ᾿Αβίλυκα ὄρος οὐδὲ Με- 
ταγώνιον ἔθνος. καὶ τὰς Τλαγκτὰς καὶ τὰς 
Συμπληγάδας ἐνθάδε μεταφέρουσί τινες, ταύτας 
εἶναι νομίζοντες Στήλας, ἃς Πίνδαρος καλεῖ πύλας 
Γαδειρίδας, εἰς ταύτας ὑστάτας ἀφῖχθαι φάσκων 
τὸν Ἡρακλέα. καὶ Δικαίαρχος δὲ καὶ ᾿Ερατο- 
σθένης καὶ Πολύβιος καὶ οἱ πλεῖστοι τῶν 'Βλ- 
λήνων περὶ τὸν πορθμὸν ἀποφαίνουσι τὰς Στήλας. 
οἱ δὲ Ἴβηρες καὶ Λίβυες ἐν Tadetpous εἶναί φασιν, 
οὐδὲν γὰρ ἐοικέναι στήλαις τὰ περὶ τὸν πορθμόν. 
οἱ δὲ τὰς ἐν τῷ Ἡρακλείῳ τῷ ἐν Τ᾽ αδείροις χαλ- 
κᾶς ὀκταπήχεις, ἐν αἷς “ἀναγέγραπται τὸ ἀνά- 
λωμα τῆς κατασκευῆς τοῦ ἱεροῦ, ταῦτας λέγ σθαί 
φασιν' ἐφ᾽ ἃς ἐρχόμενοι οἱ τελέσαντες τὸν τ 
καὶ θύοντες τῷ Ἡρακλεῖ διαβοηθῆναι παρεσκεύ- 
ασαν, ὡς τοῦτ᾽ εἶναι καὶ γῆς καὶ θαλάττης τὸ 
πέρας. τοῦτον δ᾽ εἶναι πιθανώτατον καὶ Hoceu- 
δώνιος ἡγεῖται τὸν λόγον, τὸν δὲ χρησμὸν καὶ 
τοὺς πολλοὺς ἀποστόλους ψεῦσμα Φοινικικόν. 
περὶ μὲν οὖν τῶν ἀποστόλων τί ἂν τις διισχυρί- 
σαιτο πρὸς ἔλεγχον ἢ πίστιν, οὐδετέρως παρά- 
λογον v1; τὸ δὲ τὰς νησῖδας ἢ τὰ ὄρη μὴ φάσκειν 


1 ὄν, Kramer inserts, from Casaubon’s conj. ; so Meineke. 


1 The passage referred to is otherwise unknown to us. 
2 That is, the account that associates the Pillars of 
Heracles with the bronze pillars. 


136 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 5. 5 


opposite Calpe which is situated, according to Eratos- 
thenes, in Metagonium, country of a nomadic tribe ; 
while others have supposed that the isles near each 
mountain, one of which they call Hera’s Island, are 
the Pillars. Artemidorus speaks of Hera’s Island 
and her temple, and he says there is a second isle, yet 
he does not speak of Mount Abilyx or of a Metagonian 
tribe. There are some who transfer hither both the 
Planctae and the Symplegades, because they believe 
these rocks to be the pillars which Pindar calls the 
“gates of Gades”’ when he asserts that they are 
the farthermost limits reached by Heracles.t And 
Dicaearchus, too, and Eratosthenes and Polybius 
and most of the Greeks represent the Pillars as in 
the neighbourhood of the strait. But the Iberians 
and Libyans say that the Pillars are in Gades, for 
the regions in the neighbourhood of the strait in no 
respect, they say, resemble pillars. Others say that 
it is the bronze pillars of eight cubits in the temple of 
Heracles in Gades, whereon is inscribed the expense 
incurred in the construction of the temple, that are 
called the Pillars; and those people who have ended 
their voyage with visiting these pillars and _ sacri- 
ficing to Heracles have-had it noisily spread abroad 
that this is the end of both land and sea. Posei- 
donius, too, believes this to be the most plausible 
account of the matter,? but that the oracle and the 
many expeditions from Tyre are a Phoenician lie.? 
Now, concerning the expeditions, what could one 
affirm with confidence as to their falsity or trust- 
worthiness when neither of the two opinions is 
contrary to reason? But to deny that the isles or 


3 Cp. the proverbial ‘‘ Punic faith.” 
137 


Calvi 


STRABO 


ἐοικέναι στήλαις, ἀχλὰ ζητεῖν ἐπὶ τῶν κυρίως 
λεγομένων στηλῶν τοὺς τῆς οἰκουμένης ὅρους ἢ 
τῆς στρατείας τῆς Ἡρακλέους ¢ ἔχει μέν τινα νοῦν' 
ἔθος γὰρ παλαιὸν ὑπῆρχε τὸ τίθεσθαι τοιούτους 
ὅρους, καθάπερ οἱ “Ῥηγῖνοι τὴν στυλίδα ἔθεσαν 
τὴν ἐπὶ τῷ Πορθμῷ κειμένην, πυργίον ΤΙΣ καὶ ὁ 
τοῦ Πελώρου λεγόμενος πύργος ἀντίκειται ταύτῃ 
τῇ στυλίδι" καὶ οἱ Φιλαίνων λεγόμενοι βωμοὶ 
κατὰ μέσην πον τὴν μεταξὺ τῶν Σύρτεων γῆν" 
καὶ ἐπὶ τῷ ἰσθμῷ τῷ Κορινθιακῷ μνημονεύεται 
στήλη τις ἱδρυμένη πρότερον, ἣν ἔστησαν κοινῇ 
οἱ τὴν ᾿Αττικὴν σὺν τῇ Μεγαρίδι κατασχόντες 
Ἴωνες, ἐξελαθέντες ἐκ τῆς Πελοποννήσου, καὶ οἱ 
κατασχόντες τὴν Πελοπόννησον, ἐπιγράψαντες 
ἐπὶ μὲν τοῦ πρὸς τῇ Μεγαρίδι μέρους, 


/ , 
τάδ᾽ οὐχὶ Πελοπόννησος, ἀλλ᾽ ᾿Ιωνία, 
ἐκ δὲ θατέρου, 
τάδ᾽ ἐστὶ Ἰ]ελοπόννησος, οὐκ Ἰωνία. 


᾿Αλέξανδρος δὲ τῆς Ἰνδικῆς στρατείας ὅρια βωμοὺς 
ἔθετο ἐν τοῖς τόποις εἰς οὺὑς ὑστάτους ἀφίκετο 
τῶν πρὸς ταῖς ἀνατολαῖς ᾿Ινδῶν, μιμούμενος τὸν 
Ἡρακλέα καὶ τὸν Διόνυσον. ἢν μὲν δὴ τὸ ἔθος 
τοῦτο. 


1 See 6. 15. 2 Seed 1. 17. 

3 See 17. 3. 20, where Strabo gives the place a different 
position, namely, on the coast of the Greater Syrtis, ὁ. 6. on 
the Gulf of Sidra. These altars were said to have been 
erected at the boundary between the Carthaginian Empire 
and Cyrenaica by the Carthaginian in honour of the two 
Philaeni brothers, who, in order to settle the boundary 
favourably for Carthage, had given themselves up to be 


138 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 5. 5 


the mountains resemble pillars, and to search for 
the limits of the inhabited world or of the expedi- 
tion of Heracles at Pillars that were properly so 
called, is indeed a sensible thing to do; for it was 
a custom in early times to set up landmarks like 
that. For instance, the people of Rhegium set up 
the column—a sort of small tower—which stands at 
the strait;! and opposite this column there stands 
what is called the Tower of Pelorus.2 And in the 
land about midway between the Syrtes there stand 
what are called the Altars of the Philaeni.? And 
mention is made of a pillar placed in former times 
on the Isthmus of Corinth, which was set up in 
common by those Ionians who, after their expulsion 
from the Peloponnesus, got possession of Attica 
together with Megaris, and by the peoples * who got 
possession of the Peloponnesus; they inscribed on 
the side of the pillar which faced Megaris, ‘“ This 
is not the Peloponnesus, but Ionia,” on the other, 
“This is the Peloponnesus, not Ionia.” Again, 
Alexander set up altars,® as limits of his Indian 
Expedition, in the farthermost regions reached by 
him in Eastern India, thus imitating Heracles and 
Dionysus. So then, this custom was indeed in 
existence. 


buried alive in the sand at the boundary (Sallust Jugurtha 
79). Pliny (5. 4) says that the altars were of sand, thus im- 
plying that the altars were merely the sand-heaps over the 
two bodies. 

4 The Aeolians and Dorians (see 8. 1. 2). 

5 Plutarch (Theseus 25) also quotes the couplet, and says 
that the pillar was set up by Theseus. Strabo gives a fuller 
account in 9. 1. 6-7. 

6 Alexander set up twelve altars in honour of the twelve 
gods (Diodorus Siculus 17. 95). 


139 


STRABO 


6. ᾿Αλλὰ Kal τοὺς τόπους εἰκός ἐστι μετα- 
λαμβάνειν τὴν αὐτὴν προσηγορίαν, καὶ μάλιστα 
ἐπειδὰν ὁ χρόνος διαφθείρῃ τοὺς τεθέντας ὅρους. 
οὐ γὰρ νῦν οἱ Φιλαίνων βωμοὶ μένουσιν, ἀλλ᾽ ὁ 
τόπος μετείληφε τὴν προσηγορίαν: οὐδὲ ἐν TH 
3 an i Ν ς n Ἂς a7? 
Ινδικῇἢ στήλας φασὶν ὁραθῆναι κειμένας οὐθ 
Ἡρακλέους οὔτε Διονύσου, καὶ λεγομένων μέντοι 
καὶ δεικνυμένων τῶν τόπων τινῶν οἱ Μακεδόνες 
ἐπίστευον τούτους εἶναι, στήλας ἐν οἷς τί σημεῖον 
εὕρισκον ἢ τῶν περὶ τὸν Διόνυσον ἱστορουμένων 
ἢ τῶν περὶ τὸν «Ἡρακλέα. κἀνταῦθα δὴ τοὺς μὲν 
πρώτους οὐκ ἂν ἀπιστήσαι. τις ὅροις χρήσασθαι 
χειροκμήτοις τισί, βωμοῖς ἢ πύργοις ἢ στυλίσιν, 
ἐπὶ τῶν τόπων εἰς OVS ὑστάτους “ἧκον τοὺς ἐπιφα- 
νεστάτους (ἐπιφανέστατοι δὲ οἱ πορθμοὶ καὶ τὰ 
ἐπικείμενα ὄρη καὶ αἱ νησῖδες πρὸς τὸ ἀποδηλοῦν 
ἐσχατιάς τε καὶ ἀρχὰς τόπων), ἐκλιπόντων δὲ 
τῶν χειροκμήτων ὑπομνημάτων μετενεχθῆναι τοὔ- 
νομα εἰς τοὺς τόπους, εἴτε τὰς νησῖδάς τις βού- 
λεται λέγειν εἴτε τὰς ἄκρας τὰς ποιούσας τὸν 
πορθμόν. τοῦτο γὰρ ἤδη διορίσασθαι χαλεπόν, 
ποτέροις χρὴ προσάψαι τὴν ἐπίκλησιν, διὰ τὸ 
ἀμφοτέροις ἐοικέναι τὰς Tras. λέγω δὲ € ἐοικέ- 
val, διότι ἐν τοῖς τοιούτοις ἵδρυνται τόποις οἱ 
σαφῶς τὰς ἐσχατιὰς ὑπαγορεύουσι, καθ' καὶ 
στόμα εἴρηται O πορθμὸς καὶ οὗτος καὶ ἄλλοι 
πλείους" τὸ δὲ στόμα πρὸς μὲν εἴσπλουν ἀρχή 
ἐστι, πρὸς δὲ ἔκπλουν ἔσχατον. τὰ οὖν ἐπὶ τῷ 
στόματι νησίδια, ἔχοντα τὸ εὐπερίγραφόν τε καὶ 


1 On the occasion of Alexander’s Indian campaign. 
2 Specifically Strabo has in mind Calpe and Abilyx. 


140 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 5. 6 


6. More than that, it is reasonable for the place 
where a landmark is to take on the same appellation, 
and especially after time has once destroyed the land- 
mark that has been set up. For instance, the Altars 
of the Philaeni no longer remain, yet the place has 
taken on the appellation. In India, too, there are 
no pillars, it is said, either of Heracles or of Dionysus 
to be seen standing, and, of course, when certain of 
the places there were spoken of or pointed out to 
the Macedonians,! they believed to be Pillars those 
places only in which they found some sign of the 
stories told about Dionysus or of those about Hera- 
cles. So, in the case of Gades, too, one might not 
disbelieve that the first visitors used, so to speak, 
“ hand-wrought’”’ landmarks—altars or towers or 
pillars—setting them up in the most conspicuous 
of the farthermost places they came to (and the 
most conspicuous places for denoting both the ends 
and beginnings of regions are the straits, the moun- 
tains there situated,” and the isles), and that when 
the hand-wrought monuments had disappeared, their 
name was transferred to the places—whether you 
mean thereby the isles, or the capes that form the 
strait. For this is a distinction now hard to make 
—TI mean to which of the two we should attach the 
appellation—because the term “ Pillars” suits both. 
I say “suits’’ because both are situated in places 
of a sort that clearly suggest the ends; and it is on 
the strength of this fact that the strait has been 
called a “ mouth,’—not only this strait, but several 
others as well: that is, as you sail in, the mouth 
is the beginning, and, as you sail out, the end. 
Accordingly, it would not be foolish for one to liken 
to pillars the isles at the mouth, since they have 


141 


C 172 


STRABO 


σημειῶδες, οὐ φαύλως στήλαις ἀπεικάξοι τις ἄν" 
ὡς δ᾽ αὕτως καὶ τὰ ὄρη τὰ ἐπικείμενα τῷ πορθμῷ 
καὶ ἐξοχήν τινα τοιαύτην ἐμφαίνοντα οἵαν αἱ 
στυλίδες ἢ αἱ στῆλαι. καὶ ὁ Πίνδαρος οὕτως 
ἂν ὀρθῶς λέγοι πύλας Taderpisas, εἰ ἐπὶ τοῦ 
στόματος νοοῖντο αἱ στῆλαι" πύλαις γὰρ ἔοικε 
τὰ στόματα. τὰ δὲ ΤΠάδειρα οὐκ ἐν τοιούτοις 
ἵδρυται τόποις ὥστε ἀποδηλοῦν ἐσχατιάν, ἀλλ᾽ 
ἐν μέσῃ TOS κεῖται μεγάλῃ παραλίᾳ κολπώδει. 
τὸ δὲ ἐπ᾽ αὐτὰς ἀναφέρειν τὰς ἐν τῷ Ἡρακλείῳ 
στήλας τῷ ἐνθάδε ἧττον εὔλογον, ὡς ἐμοὶ φαίνε- 
ται" οὐ γὰρ ἐμπόρων ἀλλ᾽ ἡγεμόνων μᾶλλον ἀρ- 
ξάντων τοῦ ὀνόματος τούτου κρατῆσαι πιθανὸν 
τὴν δόξαν, καθάπερ καὶ ἐπὶ τῶν ᾿Ινδικῶν στη- 
λῶν. ἄλλως τε καὶ ἣ ἐπιγραφή, ἣν φασιν, οὐκ 
ἀφίδρυμα ἱερὸν δηλοῦσα, ἀλλὰ ἀναλώματος 
κεφάλαιον, ἀντιμαρτυρεῖ τῷ Royo" τὰς γὰρ 
Ἡρακλείους στήλας μνημεῖα εἶναι δεῖ τῆς ἐκείνου 
μεγαλουργίας, οὐ τῆς Φοινίκων δαπάνης. 

. Φησὶ δὲ ὁ Πολύβιος κρήνην ἐν τῷ Ἡρακλείῳ 
τῷ ἐν Γαδείροις εἶναι, βαθμῶν ὀλίγων κατάβασιν 
ἔχουσαν εἰς τὸ ὕδωρ πότιμον, ἣν ταῖς παλιρροίαις 
τῆς θαλάττης ἀντιπαθεῖν, κατὰ μὲν τὰς πλήμας 
ἐκλείπουσαν, κατὰ δὲ τὰς ἀμπώτεις πληρουμένην. 
αἰτιᾶται δ᾽ ὅτι τὸ πνεῦμα τὸ ἐκ τοῦ βάθους εἰς 


1 φασιν, Corais, for φησιν ; so subsequent editors. 


1 On the bronze pillars (§ 5). 
* That is, the dedication to Heracles of a reproduction 


(in bronze) of the original pillars, with a record of his 
achievements. 


142 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 5. 6-7 


the attributes of being both sharp of outline and 
conspicuous as signs; and so, in the same way, it 
would not be foolish to liken to pillars the moun- 
tains that are situated at the strait, since they 
present just such a prominent appearance as do 
columns or pillars. And in this way Pindar would 
be right in speaking of the “ gates of Gades,” if the 
pillars were conceived of as at the mouth; for the 
mouths of straits are like gates. But Gades is not 
situated in such a geographical position as to denote 
an end; rather it lies at about the centre of a long 
coastline that forms a bay. And the argument that 
refers those pillars which are in the temple of Heracles 
at Gades to the Pillars of Heracles is less reasonable 
still, as it appears to me. For it is plausible that 
the fame of the name “ Pillars of Heracles” prevailed 
because the name originated, not with merchants, 
but rather with commanders, just as in the case of 
the Indian pillars; and besides that, “the inscrip- 
tion”! which they speak of, since it does not set 
forth the dedication of a reproduction? but instead 
a summary of expense, bears witness against the 
argument; for the Heracleian pillars should be re- 
minders of Heracles’ mighty doings, not of the 
expenses of the Phoenicians. 

7. Polybius says that there is a spring in the 
Heracleium 2 at Gades, with a descent of only a few 
steps to the water (which is good to drink), and 
that the spring behaves inversely to the flux and 
reflux of the sea, since it fails at the time of the 
flood-tides and fills up at the time of the ebb-tides. 
And he alleges as the cause of this that the air 


3 The Heracleium includes both the temple and the sacred 
precinct of Heracles (cp. § 9 below). 


143 


STRABO 


τὴν ἐπιφάνειαν τῆς γῆς ἐκπῖπτον, καλυφθείσης 
μὲν αὐτῆς ὑπὸ τοῦ κύματος κατὰ τὰς ἐπιβάσεις 
τῆς θαλάττης, εἴργεται τῶν οἰκείων τοιούτων 
ἐξόδων, ἀναστρέψαν δὲ εἰς τὸ ἐντὸς ἐμφράττει 
τοὺς τῆς πηγῆς πόρους καὶ ποιεῖ λειψυδρίαν, 
γυμνωθείσης δὲ πάλιν, εὐθυπορῆσαν ἐλευθεροῖ 
τὰς φλέβας τῆς πηγῆς, ὥστ᾽ ἀναβλύειν εὐπόρως. 
᾿Αρτεμίδωρος δὲ ἀντειπὼν τούτῳ καὶ ἅμα Tap 
αὑτοῦ τινα θεὶς αἰτίαν, μνησθεὶς δὲ καὶ τῆς Σιλα- 
νοῦ δόξης τοῦ συγγραφέως, οὔ μοι δοκεῖ μνήμης 
ἄξια εἰπεῖν, ὡς ἂν ἰδιώτης περὶ ταῦτα καὶ αὐτὸς 
καὶ Σιλανός. Ποσειδώνιος δὲ ψευδῆ λέγων τὴν 
ἱστορίαν εἶναι ταύτην δύο φησὶ εἶναι φρεατα ἐν 
τῷ Ἡρακλείῳ καὶ τρίτον ἐν TH πόλει" τῶν δ᾽ 
ἐν τῷ Ἡρακλείῳ τὸ μὲν μικρότερον ὑδρευομένων 
συνεχῶς αὐθωρὸν καὶ ἐκλείπειν, καὶ διαλειπόντων 
τῆς ὑδρείας πληροῦσθαι πάλιν; τὸ δὲ μεῖζον bv 
ὅλης τῆς ἡμέρας τὴν ὑδρείαν ἔχον, μειούμενον 
μέντοι, καθάπερ καὶ τἄλλα φρέατα πάντα, νύ- 
κτωρ πληροῦσθαι, μηκέτι ὑδρευομένων' ἐπειδὴ δὲ 
συμπίπτει κατὰ τὸν τῆς συμπληρώσεως καιρὸν 
ἡ ἄμπωτις πολλάκις, πεπιστεῦσθαι καινῶς 1 ὑπὸ 
τῶν ἐγχωρίων τὴν ἀντιπάθειαν." ὅτι μὲν οὖν ἡ 
ε 

ἱστορία πεπίστευται καὶ οὗτος εἴρηκε καὶ ἡμεῖς 
ἐν τοῖς παραδόξοις θρυλουμένην παρειλήφαμεν. 


1 Casaubon and subsequent editors emend καινῶς to 


κενῶς. 
2 ἀντιπάθειαν, Xylander, for ἀντίπλοιαν : so subsequent 


editors. 


1 Polybius has said that there was ‘‘a spring in the Hera- 
cleium”’; Poseidonius says ‘‘two wells”; but Pliny (2. 100) 
says, ‘‘ At Gades, which is very near the temple of Heracles, 


144 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. s. 7 


which is expelled from the depths of the earth to 
the surface, if the surface be covered by the waters 
at the time of the overflows of the sea, is shut off 
from its proper exits there, and turning back into 
the interior blocks up the passages of the spring 
and thus causes a failure of water, whereas if the 
surface be bared of the waters again the air passes 
straight forward and thus sets free the veins of the 
spring, so that it gushes forth abundantly. As for 
Artemidorus, although he speaks out against Poly- 
bius and at the same time puts forth a cause of his 
own, and also recalls the opinion of Silanus the 
historian, he does not seem to me to have stated 
anything worth recording, since both he himself and 
Silanus are, you might say, laymen with respect to 
these matters. But Poseidonius, although he calls 
the story of this spring false, says that there are two 
wells? in the Heracleium and a third in the city; 
and, of the two wells in the Heracleium, if you draw 
water continuously from the smaller it actually fails 
in the same hour, and if you leave off drawing the 
water, it fills up again; whereas you may draw water 
all day long from the larger (though it is diminished 
thereby, of course, just as all other wells are), and 
it fills up by night if you no longer draw from it, 
but since the ebb-tide often occurs at the particular 
time of the well’s fullness, the natives have believed 
anew in the inverse-behaviour. Now not only has 
Poseidonius told us that the story has been believed, 
but I too, since it is told over and over again among 
the paradoxes,” have been taught the story. And I 
there is a spring, enclosed like a well,” to which he ascribes 
the phenomenon of the inverse-behaviour. 


2 The paradoxes constituted an important part of the 
teachings of the Stoics ; and Strabo was a Stoic. 


145 
VOL. II. L 


STRABO 


C 173 ἠκούομεν. δὲ καὶ φρέατα εἶναι, τὰ μὲν πρὸ τῆς 
πόλεως ἐν τοῖς κήποις τὰ δὲ ἐντός, διὰ δὲ τὴν 
μοχθηρίαν τοῦ ὕδατος κατὰ τὴν πόλιν δεξαμενὰς 
ἐπιπολάζειν τοῦ λακκαίου ὕδατος" εἰ μέντοι καὶ 
τούτων τι τῶν φρεάτων ἐπιδείκνυται τὴν τῆς 
ἀντιπαθείας ὑπόνοιαν, οὐκ ἴσμεν. τὰς δ᾽ αἰτίας, 
εἴπερ συμβαίνει ταῦτα οὕτως, ὡς ἐν χαλεποῖς 
ἀποδέχεσθαι δεῖ, εἰκὸς μὲν γὰρ οὕτως ἔχειν ὡς 
ὁ Πολύβιός φησιν' εἰκὸς δὲ καὶ τῶν φλεβῶν τινας 
τῶν πηγαίων νοτισθείσας ἔξωθεν χαυνοῦσθαι καὶ 
παρέκχυσιν εἰς τὰ πλάγια μᾶλλον διδόναι τοῖς 
ὕδασιν ἢ ἀναθλίβειν κατὰ τὸ ἀρχαῖον ῥεῖθρον 
εἰς τὴν κρήνην (νοτίζεσθαι δ᾽ ἀναγκαῖον, ἐπικλύ- 
σαντος τοῦ κύματος). εἰ δ᾽, ὥσπερ ᾿Αθηνόδωρός 
φησιν, εἰσπνοῇ τε καὶ ἐκπνοῇ τὸ συμβαῖνον περὶ 
τὰς πλημμυρίδας καὶ περὶ τὰς ἀμπώτεις ἔοικεν, 
εἶναι a ἄν τινα τῶν ῥεόντων ὑδάτων, ἃ ἃ κατ᾽ ἄχλους 
μὲν πόρους ἔχει τὴν ἔκρυσιν κατὰ φύσιν εἰς τὴν 
ἐπιφάνειαν, ὧν δὴ τὰ στόματα πηγὰς καὶ κρήνας 
καλοῦμεν, KAT ἄλλους δὲ πόρους συνέλκεται πρὸς 
τὸ τῆς θαλάττης βάθος: καὶ συνεξαίροντα μὲν 
ἐκείνην, ὥστε πλημμυρεῖν, ὅταν οἷον ἡ ἐκπνοὴ 
γίνηται, τὸ οἰκεῖον ἀπολείπει ῥεῖθρον, πάλιν δ᾽ 
ἀναχωρεῖ πρὸς τὸ οἰκεῖον ῥεῖθρον ὅταν κἀκείνη 
λάβῃ τὴν ἀναχώρησιν. 

8. Οὐκ oida δὲ πῶς κατ᾽ ἄλλα δεινοὺς ἀπο- 
φαίνων ὁ Ποσειδώνιος τοὺς Φοίνικας, ἐνταῦθα 


1 Strabo considered Athenodorus and Poseidonius the best 
authorities on the ocean and the tides (1. 1. 9). He has 
already compared the sea to animated beings (1. 3. 8). And 
it was a popular doctrine among the Greek and Roman 
philosophers that the universe was an animal; and in this 
way they accounted for the tides (Pomponius Mela 3. 1). 


146 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 5. 7-8 


have been hearing that there are still other wells, 
some in the gardens in front of the city, and others 
within the city, but that on account of the impurity 
of the water reservoirs of cistern-water are prevalent 
in the city. Whether, however, any of these wells 
proves the truth of the supposition of the inverse- 
behaviour, I do not know. But as for the causes 
alleged—if it be true that the case is as reported— 
we should, regarding the problem as a difficult one, 
welcome them. For it is reasonable to suppose that 
the cause is what Polybius says it is; and it is 
reasonable to suppose also that some of the veins 
of the spring, if soaked from the outside, become 
relaxed and thus afford their water an outflow at 
the sides, instead of forcing it up along the old 
channel into the spring (the veins are of necessity 
soaked when the tidal wave has washed over the 
land). Yet if, as Athenodorus says, the case with 
the flood-tides and with the ebb-tides is like in- 
halation and exhalation,! then, of the flowing 
waters, he says, there might be some which by 
certain passages (whose mouths, of course, we call 
fountains or springs) naturally have their outflow 
to the surface, and by certain other passages are 
drawn in together to the depths of the sea; that 
is,in helping raise the sea? to flood-tide when the 
exhalation, as it were, takes place, they abandon 
their proper channel, and then retreat to their 
proper channel again when the sea itself takes its 
retreat. 

8. I do not know how Poseidonius, who in other 
instances has represented the Phoenicians as clever. 


2 See the argument of Strato the physicist and the dis- 
cussion of Strabo in 1. 3, 4-5, 
147 
L 2 


C 174 


STRABO 


μωρίαν μᾶλλον ἢ δριμύτητα αὐτῶν κατέγνωκεν. 
ἡμέρα μὲν γὰρ καὶ νὺξ TH τοῦ ἡλίου περιφορᾷ" 
μετρεῖται, τοτὲ μὲν ὑπὸ γῆς ὄντος, τοτὲ δὲ ὑπὲρ 
γῆς φαινομένου: φησὶ δὲ τὴν τοῦ ὠκεανοῦ κίνησιν 
ὑπό νὼν ἀστροειδῆ περίοδον, τὴν μὲν ἡμερήσιον 
ἀποδιδοῦσαν, τὴν δὲ μηνιαίαν, τὴν δ᾽ ἐνιαυσιαίαν 
συμπαθῶς τῇ σελήνῃ. ὅταν γὰρ αὕτη ζῳδίου μές 
γεθος ὑπερέχῃ τοῦ ὁρίξοντος, ἄρχεσθαι διοιδεῖν 2 
τὴν θάλατταν καὶ ἐπιβαίνειν τῆς γῆς αἰσθητῶς 
μέχρι μεσουρανήσεως" ἐκκλίναντος δὲ τοῦ ἄστρου, 
πάλιν ἀναχωρεῖν τὸ πέλαγος κατ᾽ ὀλίγον, ἕως ἂν 
ζῴδιον ὑ ὑπερέχῃ τῆς δύσεως ἡ σελήνη" εἶτα μένειν 
τοσοῦτον ἐν τῇ αὐτῇ “καταστάσει χρόνον ὅσον ἢ 
σελήνη συνάπτει, πρὸς αὐτὴν τὴν δύσιν, καὶ ἔτι 
μᾶλλον τοσοῦτον ὅσον κινηθεῖσα ὑπὸ γῆς ζῴδιον 
ἀπόσχοι ἂν τοῦ ὁρίζοντος" εἶτ᾽ ἐπιβαίνειν πάλιν 
‘ ale fs τε 
εν τὸυ AS Yee μεσοῦν a €LT ΠΡ ΘΡΕΙΝ 
ἕως ἂν πρὸς τὰς ἀνατολὰς περιχωρήσασα ἡ ἢ σελήνη 
ζῴδιον τοῦ ὁρίξοντος ἀπόσχῃ": μένειν δὲ μέχρις a ἂν 
ξῴδιον ὑ ὑπὲρ γῆς μετεωρισθῇ, καὶ πάλιν ἐπιβαίνειν. 
ταύτην μὲν εἶναι "λέγει τὴν ἡμερήσιον περίοδον' 
τὴν δὲ μηνιαίαν, ὅτι μέγισται μὲν αἱ παλίρροιαι 
γίγνονται περὶ τὰς συνόδους, εἶτα μειοῦνται μέχρι 
ἐχοτόμου' πάλιν δ᾽ αὔξονται μέχρι πανσελήνου, 
καὶ μειοῦνται πάλιν ἕως διχοτόμου φθινάδος" εἶθ᾽ 


1 τῇ. περιφορᾷ, Corais, for 7 ... περιφορά; so the 


subsequent editors. 


2 διοιδεῖν, the reading of the Epitome, for δεῖν ABCEZ. 


1 That is, 30°. 

2 That is, when the sun and moon meet or pass each other 
in the same degree of the zodiac; and hence at the time 
of the new moon. 


148 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. s. 8 


people, can here charge them with foolishness 
rather than shrewdness. In the first place, a day 
and night is measured by the revolution of the sun, 
which, at one time, is below the earth, but, at 
another, shines above the earth. And yet Posei- 
donius says that the movement of the ocean is 
subject to periods like those of the heavenly bodies, 
since, behaving in accord with the moon, the move- 
ment exhibits first the diurnal, secondly the monthly, 
and thirdly the yearly period; for when the moon 
rises above the horizon to the extent of a zodiacal 
sign,! the sea begins to swell, and perceptibly in- 
vades the land until the moon is in the meridian ; 
but when the heavenly body has begun to decline, 
the sea retreats again, little by little, until the moon 
rises a zodiacal sign above her setting ; then remains 
stationary until such time as the moon reaches the 
setting itself, and, still more than that, until such 
time as the moon, moving on below the earth, 
should be a sign distant from the horizon; then 
invades the land again until the moon reaches the 
meridian below the earth; then retreats until the 
moon, moving round towards her risings, is a sign 
distant from the horizon; but remains stationary 
again until the moon is elevated a sign above 
the earth, and then it again invades the land. 
This, he continues, is the diurnal period. As for 
the monthly period, he says the flux and reflux be- 
come greatest about the time of the conjunction,? 
and then diminish until the half-moon ;? and, again, 
they increase until the full moon and diminish again 
until the waning half-moon;4 and then, until the 


ὁ The first quarter. 4 The third quarter. 
149 


STRABO 


ἕως τῶν συνόδων αἱ αὐξήσεις, πλεονάξειν δὲ καὶ 
χρόνῳ καὶ τάχει τὰς αὐξήσεις. τὰς δ᾽ ἐνιαυσιαίας 
παρὰ τῶν ἐν Γαδείροις πυθέσθαι φησί, λεγόντων 
ὡς κατὰ "θερινὰς τροπὰς μάλιστα αὔξοιντο καὶ αἱ 
ἀναχωρήσεις καὶ αἱ ἐπιβάσεις. εἰκάζει δ᾽ αὐτὸς 
ἀπὸ τῶν τροπῶν μειοῦσθαι μὲν ἕως ἰσημερίας, 
αὔξεσθαι δὲ ἕως “χειμερινῶν τροπῶν, εἶτα μειοῦ- 
σθαι μέχρι ἐαρινῆς ἰσημερίας, εἶτ᾽ αὔξεσθαι μέχρι 
θερινῶν τροπῶν. τῶν δὲ περιόδων τούτων οὐσῶν 
καθ᾽ ἑκάστην ἡμέραν καὶ νύκτα, τὸν συνάμφω 
χρόνον δὶς μὲν ἐπιβαινούσης τῆς θαλάττης, δὶς 
δὲ a ἀναχωρούσης, τεταγμένως δὲ καὶ τῶν ἡμερησίων 
χρόνων καὶ τῶν νυκτερινῶν, πῶς οἷόν τε πολλάκις 
μὲν συμβαίνειν κατὰ τὰς ἀμπώτεις τὴν ἐν 
τοῦ φρέατος, μὴ πολλάκις δὲ τὴν Aevpudpiar ; : 
πολλάκις μέν, μὴ ἰσάκις δέ; ἢ καὶ ἰσάκις ' ὩΣ 
τοὺς δὲ Γαδειρίτας ταῦτα μὲν μὴ ἱκανοὺς γενέσθαι 
τηρῆσαι τὰ καθ᾽ ἡμέραν γινόμενα, τὰς δ᾽ ἐνιαυ- 
σίους περιόδους ἐκ τῶν ἅπαξ συμβαινόντων κατ᾽ 
ἔτος τηρῆσαι ; 3 ἀλλὰ μὴν ὅτι γε πιστεύει αὐτοῖς, 
δῆλον ἐξ ὧν καὶ προσεικάζει γίνεσθαι 8 τὰς μειώ- 
σεις καὶ πάλιν αὐξήσεις ἀπὸ τροπῶν ἐπὶ τροπάς 
τε ἑτέρας κἀκεῖθεν πάλιν ἐπανόδους. καὶ μὴν 
1 δέ, before μέν, Meineke omits. 


9° 


5 τὰ Kal ἡμέραν γινόμενα, after τηρῆσαι, Corais and the 
others omit. 

3 γίνεσθαι, Corais, for γενέσθαι; the subsequent editors 
following. 


1 That is, from the time of the third quarter on to that 
of the new moon, the interval of time between high-tide 
and high-tide (or low-tide and low-tide) increases, the same 
being also true of the velocity. 


150 


ἊΝ 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 5. 8 


conjunction, the increases take place again, and the 
increases are further increased in respect both to 
duration and to speed.t As for the annual periods, 
he says that he learned of them from the people at 
Gades, who told him that both the retreat and the 
invasion grew greatest at the time of the summer 
solstice. And from this he himself surmises that 
they are diminished from that solstice up to the 
equinox,” increased up to the winter solstice, then 
diminished up to the spring equinox, and then in- 
creased up to the summer solstice. But if these 
periods repeat themselves every separate day and 
night, the sea invading the land twice and also re- 
treating twice during the combined time of day and 
night, in regular order both within the day-time and 
within the night-time, how is it possible for the filling 
up of the well to occur “often” at the time of the 
ebb-tides ? but for the failure not also to occur often? 
or often, but not equally often? or even equally 
often indeed, but for the people of Gades to have 
been incapable of observing these phenomena that 
were taking place every day, and yet to have been 
capable of observing the annual periods from what 
occurred only once a year? Furthermore, that 
Poseidonius really believes these people, is clear 
from the surmise which he adds to their story, 
namely, that the diminutions, and, in turn, the in- 
creases, take place from one solstice on to the other, 
and also that recurrences take place from the latter 
solstice back to the former. Moreover, that other 


2 The autumnal equinox. 
3’ This assertion is attributed by Strabo to Poseidonius, 
not to the Phoenicians (cp. § 7 above). 


151 


STRABO 


οὐδὲ ἐκεῖνο εἰκός, OTL THPNTLKOL ὄντες τὰ μὲν 
συμβαίνοντα οὐκ εἶδον, τοῖς δὲ μὴ συμβαίνουσιν 
ἐπίστευσαν. 

9, Φησὶ δ᾽ οὖν Σέλευκον τὸν ἀπὸ τῆς ᾿Ερυθρᾶς 
θαλάττης καὶ ἀνωμαλίαν τινὰ ἐν τούτοις καὶ 
ὁμαλότητα λέγειν κατὰ τὰς τῶν ζῳδίων διαφοράς" 
ἐν μὲν γὰρ τοῖς ἰσημερινοῖς ἕξῳδίοις τῆς σελήνης 
οὔσης ὁμαλίζειν τὰ πάθη, ἐν δὲ τοῖς τροπικοῖς 
ἀνωμαλίαν εἶναι, καὶ πλήθει καὶ τάχει, τῶν δ᾽ 
ἄλλων ἑκάστῳ κατὰ τοὺς συνεγγισμοὺς εἶναι τὴν 
ἀναλογίαν. αὐτὸς δὲ κατὰ τὰς θερινὰς τροπὰς περὶ 
τὴν πανσέληνόν φησιν ἐν τῷ Ηρακλείῳ γενόμενος 
τῷ ἐν ΤἸαδείροις πλείους ἡμέρας μὴ δύνασθαι 
συνεῖναι τὰς ἐνιαυσίους διαφοράς. περὶ μέντοι 
τὴν σύνοδον ἐκείνου τοῦ μηνὸς τηρῆσαι “μεγάλην 
παραλλαγὴν ἐν Ἰλίπᾳ τῆς τοῦ Βαίτιος ἀνακοπῆς 
παρὰ τὰς ἔμπροσθεν, ἐ ἐν αἷς οὐδὲ ἕως ἡμίσους τὰς 
ὄχθας ἔβρεχε" τότε δ᾽ ὑπερχεῖσθαι τὸ ὕδωρ ὥσθ᾽ 
ὑδρεύεσθαι τοὺς στρατιώτας αὐτόθι (διέχει δ᾽ 


1 At the beginning of ὃ 8 Strabo sets out, rather cap- 
tiously, to prove inconsistency and injustice on the part of 
Poseidonius. The latter had accused the Phoenicians (the 
people of Gades) of having the foolish notion about the 
‘‘reverse-behaviour,” of being incapable of seeing the daily 
phenomena, and of believing in things that did not occur ; 
nevertheless, Strabo means, Poseidonius bases his own re- 
marks about the tides upon what he had learned from the 
people of Gades, for example, that ‘‘the retreat and the 
invasion grew greatest at the time of the summer solstice.” 
Of course, Strabo denies neither Poseidonius’ account of the 
tides, nor the relation that Poseidonius says exists between 
the tides and the motion of the moon, both of which, so far 
as they go, are substantially correct. Cp. Pliny, 2. 99. 

* The Chaldaean astronomer (1. 1. 9. and 16. 1. 6). 


152 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. ς. 8-9 


supposition of Poseidonius is not reasonable either, 
namely, that, although they were δὴ observant 
people, they did not see the phenomena that 
occurred and yet believed in the things that did 
not occur.! 

9. Be that as it may, he says that Seleucus—the 
Seleucus? from the region of the Erythraean Sea— 
speaks of a certain irregularity in these phenomena, 
or regularity, according to the differences of the 
signs of the zodiac; that is, if the moon is in the 
equinoctial signs, the behaviour of the tides is 
regular, but, in the solstitial signs, irregular, in 
respect both to amount and _ to speed, while, in each 
of the other signs, the relation? is in proportion 
to the nearness of the moon’s approach.4 But 
although he himself spent several days in the 
Heracleium at Gades at the summer solstice, about 
the time of the full moon, as he says, he was unable 
to discern those annual differences in the tides; 
about the time of the conjunction, however, during 
that month, he observed at Ilipa a great variation 
in the back-water of the Baetis, that is, as compared 
with the previous variations, in the course of which 
the water did not wet the banks so much as half- 
way up, whereas at the time in question the water 
overflowed to such an extent that the soldiers® got 
their supply of water on the spot (and Ilipa is about 


; That is, the comparative regularity or irregularity of the 
tides. 

4 That is, to the equinoctial or the solstitial signs. It 
is clear from this passage that Seleucus had solved the law 
which governs the diurnal inequality of the tide in the 
Indian Ocean. 
τῇ That is, the Roman soldiers who were stationed at 

ipa. 


153 


STRABO 


Ἰλίπα τῆς θαλάττης περὶ ἑπτακοσίους σταδίους)" 
τῶν δ᾽ ἐπὶ θαλάττῃ πεδίων καὶ ἐπὶ τριάκοντα 
σταδίους εἰς βάθος καλυπτομένων ὑπὸ τῆς πλημ- 
μυρίδος ὥστε καὶ νήσους ἀπολαμβάνεσθαι, τὸ τῆς 
κρηπῖδος ὕψος τῆς τε τοῦ νεὼ τοῦ ἐν τῷ Ἡρακλείῳ 
καὶ τῆς τοῦ χώματος ὃ τοῦ λιμένος πρόκειται τοῦ 
ἐν ᾿αδείροις, οὐδ᾽ ἐπὶ δέκα πήχεις καλυπτόμενον 
ἀναμετρῆσαί φησι; κἂν προσθῇ δέ τίς τὸ διπλά- 
σιον τούτου κατὰ τὰς γενομένας ποτὲ παραυξή- 
σεις, οὕτω παρασχεῖν ἂν τὴν ἔμφασιν, ἣν ἐν τοῖς 
πεδίοις παρέχεται τὸ μέγεθος τῆς πλημμυρίδος. 
τοῦτο μὲν δὴ τὸ πάθος κοινὸν ἱστορεῖται κατὰ 
πᾶσαν τὴν κύκλῳ παρωκεανῖτιν, 7 τὸ δὲ τοῦ Ἴβηρος 
ποταμοῦ καινὸν καὶ ἴδιον, φησὶν οὗτος" πλημμυρεῖν 
γὰρ ἔσθ᾽ ὅπου τε, καὶ χωρὶς ὄμβρων καὶ χιόνων, 
ἐπειδὰν τὰ βόρεια πνεύματα πλεονάσῃ, αἰτίαν δ 
εἶναι τὴν λίμνην Ov ἧς ῥεῖ: συνεκβάλλεσθαι γὰρ 
τὸ λιμναῖον ὑπὸ τῶν ἀνέμων. 

10. Ἵστορεῖ δὲ καὶ δένδρον ἐν Γαδείροις ὄζους 
ἔχον καμπτομένους εἰς ἔδαφος, πολλάκις δὲ φύλλα 
ξιφοειδῆ πηχναῖα τὸ μῆκος, πλάτος δὲ τετρα- 
δάκτυλα. περὶ δὲ Νέαν Καρχηδόνα δένδρον ἐξ 
ἀκάνθης φλοιὸν ἀφιέναι, ἐξ οὗ ὑφάσματα γίνεται 
κάλλιστα. τῷ μὲν οὖν ἐν Dacetpors Kal ἡμεῖς 
οἴδαμεν ὅμοιον ἐν Αἰγύπτῳ κατὰ τὴν τῶν κλά- 


1 Corais, Cobet, and Vogel would follow the reading οἱ B 
and h: εἴδομεν. 


1 Some of the MSS. read ‘‘ fifty.” 

* See 3. 2. 4. 3 Perhaps the Dracaena Draco. 

4 Strabo apparently means the fibre (‘‘ bark’) in the 
leaf-sheaths (‘‘thorns”) of the European dwarf fan-palm 


154 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 5. 9-τὸ 


seven hundred stadia distant from the sea). And, 
he continues, although the plains near the sea were 
covered as far as thirty! stadia inland, to such a 
depth that islands were enclosed by the flood-tide,? 
still the altitude of the foundations, both the founda- 
tion of the temple in the Heracleium and that of 
the mole which lies in front of the port of Gades, 
was, by his own measurement, as he says, not 
covered as high up as ten cubits; and further, if 
one should add the double of this figure for the 
additional increases which at times have taken 
place, one might thus present to the imagination 
the aspect which is produced in the plains by the 
magnitude of the flood-tide. This behaviour of the 
tides, then, according to his account, is general 
along the whole circuit of the ocean-coast, whereas 
the behaviour of the Iberus River is “novel, and 
peculiar,’ he says, to that river, namely: it floods 
the country in some places, even independently of 
rains or snows, when the north winds blow to excess ; 
and the lake through which the river flows is the 
cause of this, since the lake-water is by the winds 
driven out of the lake along with the river-water. 
10. Poseidonius also tells of a tree ? in Gades which 
has branches that bend to the ground, and often- 
times has leaves (they are sword-like) a cubit in 
length but only four fingers in breadth. And near 
New Carthage, he says, there is a tree whose thorns 
yield a bark* out of which most beautiful woven 
stuffs are made. Now I too know a tree® in Egypt 
which is like that in Gades so far as the bending 


(Chamaerops humilis). This fibre is called ‘‘ African hair,” 
and a fabric like haircloth is still made from it. 
5 Clearly a tree of the genus Salix (willow family). 


155 


C 176 


STRABO 


/ a / / 3 x 
δων κατάκαμψιν, τοῖς δὲ φύλλοις ἀνόμοιον, οὐδὲ 
\ » nA 2 », / \ 3 3 / 
καρπὸν ἔχον" τοῦτο δ᾽ ἔχειν φησί. τὰ δ᾽ ἀκάν- 
θινα ὑφαίνεται καὶ ἐν ἹΚαππαδοκίᾳ, φέρει δ᾽ οὐδὲν 
- ,ὔ 
δένδρον τὴν ἄκανθαν, ἐξ ἧς ὁ φλοιός, ἀλλὰ χαμαί- 
ς , n \ ΄ n 5 id 
Enros ἡ βοτάνη. τῷ δὲ δένδρῳ τῷ ἐν Tadetpors 
Ν an / ee / \ 3 
καὶ τοῦτο προσιστόρηται, ὅτι κλάδου μὲν ἀποκλω- 
Pe / ς τὰς t/ \ , n 
μένου γάλα pel, ῥίζης δὲ τεμνομένης μιλτῶδες 
ὑγρὸν ἀναφέρεται. τοσαῦτα καὶ περὶ 1 αδείρων. 
11. Αἱ δὲ Καττιτερίδες δέκα μέν εἰσι, κεῖνται δ᾽ 
5 \ 5 / \ » 3 \ a lal ’ / 
ἐγγὺς ἀλλήλων, πρὸς ἄρκτον ἀπὸ τοῦ τῶν Αρτά- 
,ὔ lal 4 
βρων λιμένος πελάγιαι: μία δ᾽ αὐτῶν ἔρημός ἐστι, 
τὰς δ᾽ ἄλλας οἰκοῦσιν ἄνθρωποι μελάγχλαινοι, 
7 \ an 7] 
ποδήρεις ἐνδεδυκότες τοὺς χιτῶνας, ἐζωσμένοι 
περὶ τὰ στέρνα, μετὰ ῥάβδων περιπατοῦντες, 
¢ a a an A ᾽ \ 
ὅμοιοι Tals τραγικαῖς Llowats’ ζῷσι δ᾽ ἀπὸ βοσκη- 
, A \ , / \ oo” 
μάτων νομαδικῶς TO πλέον. μέταλλα δὲ ἔχοντες 
καττιτέρου καὶ μολύβδου κέραμον ἀντὶ τούτων 
\ an / , \ Ψ \ 
Kal τῶν δερμάτων διαλλάττονται Kal ἅλας Kal 
\ \ id 
χαλκώματα πρὸς TOUS ἐμπόρους. πρότερον μὲν 
5 / 
οὖν Φοίνικες μόνοι THY ἐμπορίαν ἔστελλον ταύτην 
na , ti lal 
ἐκ Tov Ladcipwv, κρύπτοντες ἅπασι τὸν πλοῦν" 
A ALE ν᾿ > / i, » 
τῶν δὲ Ῥωμαίων ἐπακολουθούντων ναυκλήρῳ τινί, 
ὅπως καὶ αὐτοὶ γνοῖεν τὰ ἐμπόρια, φθόνῳ ὁ ναύ- 
ς \ > 4 >’ te \ an b] 
κληρος ἑκὼν εἰς τέναγος ἐξέβαλε τὴν ναῦν, ἐπα- 
\ > She \ S55 N ” Ν \ e / 
yayov δ᾽ εἰς τὸν αὐτὸν ὄλεθρον Kal τοὺς ἑπομένους, 
αὐτὸς ἐσώθη διὰ ( ὶ ἀπέλαβε ὃ Ἵ 
ς ἐσώθη διὰ ναυαγίου καὶ ἀπέλαβε δημοσίᾳ 
\ \ ᾿ 3. Ἐ Ὶ , Coe A \ 
THY τιμὴν ὧν ἀπέβαλε φορτίων. οἱ Pwpmatos dé 
“ 14 / ) 4.7 \ Aas 
ὅμως πειρώμενοι πολλάκις ἐξέμαθον τὸν πλοῦν 
156 | 


GEOGRAPHY, 3. 5. 10-11 


down of the branches is concerned, but unlike it in 
respect to the leaves and also in that it has no fruit 
(he says the tree in Gades has fruit). Thorn-stuffs 
are woven in Cappadocia also; it is no tree, however, 
that produces the bark-yielding thorn, but only a 
sort of herb that keeps close to the ground. In 
regard to the tree at Gades, this additional circum- 
stance is told: if a branch is broken, milk flows 
from it, while if a root is cut, a red liquid oozes 
forth. Concerning Gades, then, I have said enough. 

11. The Cassiterides are ten in number, and they 
lie near each other in the high sea to the north of 
the port of the Artabrians. One of them is desert, 
but the rest are inhabited by people who wear 
black cloaks, go clad in tunics that reach to their 
feet, wear belts around their breasts, walk around 
with canes, and resemble the goddesses of Vengeance 
in tragedies. They live off their herds, leading for 
the most part a nomadic life. As they have mines 
of tin and lead, they give these metals and the 
hides from their cattle to the sea-traders in ex- 
change for pottery, salt and copper utensils. Now in 
former times it was the Phoenicians alone who carried 
on this commerce (that is, from Gades), for they 
kept the voyage hidden from every one else. And 
when once the Romans were closely following a 
certain ship-captain in order that they too might 
learn the markets in question, out of jealousy the 
ship-captain purposely drove his ship out of its course 
into shoal water; and after he had lured the fol- 
lowers into the same ruin, he himself escaped by a 
piece of wreckage and received from the State the 
value of the cargo he had lost. Still, by trying 
many times, the Romans learned ali about the 


a) 


STRABO 


7 \ 2 
ἐπειδὴ δὲ καὶ ἸΠόπλιος Κράσσος διαβὰς ἐπ᾽ av- 
\ Va a 2 
τοὺς ἔγνω τὰ μέταλλα ἐκ μικροῦ βάθους ὀρυττό- 
\ / , 
μενα Kal τοὺς ἄνδρας εἰρηναίους, ἐκ περιουσίας 
of >" / 3 , / aA 2 if 
non τὴν θάλατταν ἐργάζεσθαι ταύτην τοῖς ἐθέλου- 
7 > 7 ἴω WA 
σιν ἐπέδειξε, καίπερ οὖσαν πλείω τῆς Stetpyovons! 
3 n 
τὴν Βρεττανικήν. καὶ περὶ μὲν ᾿Ιβηρίας καὶ τῶν 
προκειμένων νήσων ταῦτα. 


1 εἰς, before τήν, Corais deletes ; so subsequent editors. 


158 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 5. 11 


voyage. After Publius Crassus crossed over to these 
people and saw that the metals were being dug 
from only a slight depth, and that the men there 
were peaceable, he forthwith laid abundant informa- 
tion before all who wished to traffic over this sea, 
albeit a wider sea than that which separates Britain 
from the continent. So much, then, for Iberia and 
the islands that lie off its coast. 


ταῦ 


'ΒΟΟΚ IV 


ΩΣ 


ray 
1 


1. ᾿Εφεξῆς δ᾽ ἐστὶν ἡ ὑπὲρ Tov” Αλπεων Κελτική. 
ταύτης δὲ καὶ τὸ σχῆμα ὑπογέγραπται πρότερον 
τυπωδῶς καὶ τὸ μέγεθος" νυνὶ δὲ λεκτέον τὰ KAD 
ἕκαστα. οἱ μὲν δὴ τριχῆ διήρουν, ᾿Ακυϊτανοὺς 
καὶ Βέλγας καλοῦντες καὶ Ἱζέλτας" τοὺς μὲν ᾿Ακυΐ- 
τανοὺς τελέως ἐξηλλαγμένους οὐ τῇ γλώττῃ μόνον, 
ἀλλὰ καὶ τοῖς σώμασιν, ἐμφερεῖς᾿᾽ Ἴβηρσι μᾶλλον 
ἢ Ταλάταις" τοὺς δὲ λοιποὺς Tadarexovs μὲν τὴν 
ὄψιν, ὁμογλώττους δ᾽ οὐ πάντας, ἀλλ᾽ ἐνίους μι- 
κρὸν παραλλάττοντας ταῖς γλώτταις, καὶ αἱ πολι- 
τεῖαι 1 δὲ καὶ οἱ βίοι μικρὸν ἐξηλλαγμένοι εἰσίν. 
᾿Ακυϊτανοὺς μὲν οὖν καὶ Κέλτας ἔλεγον τοὺς πρὸς 
τῇ Πυρήνῃ, διωρισμένους τῷ ΚΚεμμένῳ ὄρει. εἴρη- 
Tat γὰρ ὅτι τὴν Κελτικὴν ταύτην ἀπὸ μὲν τῆς 
δύσεως ὁρίζει τὰ Πυρηναῖα ὄρη, προσαπτόμενα 
τῆς ἑκατέρωθεν, θαλάττης, τῆς τε ἐντὸς καὶ τῆς 
ἐκτός" ἀπὸ δὲ τῶν ἀνατολῶν ὁ Ῥῆνος, παράλληλος 
ὧν τῇ Πυρήνη. τὰ δ᾽ ἀπὸ τῶν ἄρκτων καὶ τῆς 
μεσημβρίας, τὰ μὲν ὁ ὠκεανὸς περιείληφεν, ἀρξά- 


1 αἱ πολιτεῖαι, Jones, for πολιτεία. 


1 That is, after Iberia. 
2 The ‘‘'‘I'ransalpine Gaul ᾿ of the Romans, 
$93). 28 and a: 1. 09. 


162 


'ΒΟΟΚ IV 
Ι 


1. Next, in order,! comes Transalpine Celtica.? 
I have already ὃ indicated roughly both the shape 
and the size of this country; but now I must speak 
of it in detail. Some, as we know, have divided 
it into three parts, calling its inhabitants Aquitani, 
Belgae, and Celtae.* The Aquitani, they said, are 
wholly different, not only in respect to their language 
but also in respect to their physique—more like the 
Iberians than the Galatae; while the rest of the 
inhabitants are Galatic in appearance, although not 
all speak the same language, but some make slight 
variations in their languages. Furthermore, their 
governments and their modes of life are slightly 
different. Now by “ Aquitani” and “Celtae” they 
meant the two peoples (separated from each other 
by the Cemmenus Mountain) who live next to the 
Pyrenees ; for, as has already been said,® this Celtica 
is bounded on the west by the Pyrenees Mountains, 
which join the sea on either side, that is, both the 
inner and the outer sea; on the east, by the River 
Rhenus, which is parallel to the Pyrenees; as for the 
parts on the north and the south, those on the north 
are surrounded by the ocean (beginning at the 


4 See 4. 1. 14 for the distinction between ‘‘Celtae” and 
“6 611." oe GS 
163 
M 2 


STRABO 


A a 7 / 
μενος ἀπὸ τῶν βορείων ἄκρων τῆς Ilupnvys, μέχρι 
A A a if \ 
τῶν ἐκβολῶν τοῦ Ῥήνου, τὰ δ᾽ ἐξ ἐναντίας ἡ κατὰ 
ev 
Μασσαλίαν καὶ Νάρβωνα θάλαττα καὶ αἱ Adres 
ἀπὸ τῆς Λιγυστικῆς ἀρξάμεναι μέχρι τῶν πηγῶν 
Ἂ. καὶ / an δὲ TI / \ > θὰ > 
tov Ῥήνου. τῇ δὲ ἸΙυρήνῃ πρὸς ὀρθὰς ἧκται 
Κέμμενον ὄρος διὰ μέσων τῶν πεδίων, καὶ παύεται 
\ ’ 
κατὰ μέσα πλησίον Λουγδούνου, περὶ δισχιλίους 
3 \ / 3 “ \ Χ , δ» 
ἐκταθὲν σταδίους. ᾿Ακυϊτανοὺς μὲν τοίνυν ἔλεγον 
a μ 
τοὺς τὰ βόρεια τῆς Πυρήνης μέρη κατέχοντας καὶ 
n ἊΝ \ 
ἀπὸ τῆς Κεμμένης μέχρι πρὸς τὸν ὠκεανὸν τὰ 
> \ / n J \ \ 2:5 35N f 
ἐντὸς Γαρούνα ποταμοῦ, Κέλτας δὲ τοὺς ἐπὶ θάτερα 
/ Us \ \ Ἂν / \ 
μέρη καθήκοντας καὶ τὴν Kata Μασσαλίαν καὶ 
Νάρβωνα θάλατταν, ἁπτομένους δὲ καὶ τῶν ᾿Αλ- 
ΝΣ, τὰ GS pas 7 > \ / 
πεινῶν ὀρῶν ἐνίων, Βέλγας δ᾽ ἔλεγον τοὺς λοιπούς TE 
τῶν παρωκεανιτῶν μέχρι τῶν ἐκβολῶν τοῦ Ῥήνου 
καί τινας τῶν παροικούντων τὸν Ῥῆνον καὶ τὰς 
"Αλπεις. οὕτω δὲ καὶ ὁ Θεὸς Καῖσαρ ἐν τοῖς 
¢€ 7 v € \ 4 \ n 
ὑπομνήμασιν εἴρηκεν. ὁ δὲ Σεβαστὸς Καῖσαρ τε- 
τραχῆ διελὼν τοὺς μὲν Κέλτας τῆς Ναρβωνίτιδος. 
2 , > 7 3} “ \ 2 Ὁ 2 n 
ἐπαρχίας ἀπέφηνεν, Axvitavovs δ᾽ οὕσπερ κἀκεῖ- 
νος, προσέθηκε δὲ τετταρεσκαίδεκα ἔθνη τῶν με- 
\ la) A n 
ταξὺ tov Γαρούνα καὶ tov Λείγηρος ποταμοῦ 
, 
νεμομένων' τὴν δὲ λοιπὴν διελὼν δίχα τὴν μὲν 
Di , A a A 
Aovysovvm προσώρισε μέχρι TOV ἄνω μερῶν TOU 


1 ἀπό, Jones inserts. 


Op. 250: 28: 2 Lyon. 
164 


GEOGRAPHY, 4.1. 1 


northern headlands of the Pyrenees) as far as the 
mouths of the Rhenus, while those on the opposite 
side are surrounded by the sea that is about Massilia 
and Narbo, and by the Alps (beginning at Liguria) 
as far as the sources of the Rhenus. The Cemmenus 
Mountain has been drawn at right angles to the 
Pyrenees, through the midst of the plains; and it 
comes to an end about the centre of these plains,} 
near Lugdunum,? with an extent of about two 
thousand stadia. So, then, by “ Aquitani” they 
meant the people who occupy the northern parts of 
the Pyrenees and, from the country of the Cemmenus 
on to the ocean, the parts this side the Garumna 
River; by “Celtae” they meant the people whose 
territory extends in the other direction—down to 
the sea that is about Massilia and Narbo—and also 
joins some of the Alpine Mountains; and by “ Bel- 
gae’’ they meant the rest of the people who live 
beside the ocean as far as the mouths of the Rhenus 
and also some of the people who live beside the 
Rhenus and the Alps. Thus the Deified Caesar, also, 
has put it in his “Commentaries.” ? Augustus 
Caesar, however, divided Transalpine Celtica into 
four parts: the Celtae he designated as belonging 
to the province of Narbonitis ;4 the Aquitani he de- 
signated as the former Caesar had already done, 
although he added to them fourteen tribes of the 
peoples who dwell between the Garumna and the 
Liger Rivers; the rest of the country he divided 
into two parts: one part he included within the 
boundaries of Lugdunum as far as the upper districts 

> For a technical discussion of Strabo’s description of Gaul, 


the reader is referred to Casarstudien, by A. Klotz, 1910, 
pp. 57-135. 4 Provincia Narbonensis. 


165 


118 


STRABO 


Ῥήνου, τὴν δὲ τοῖς Βέλγαις. ὅσα μὲν οὖν φυσι- 
κῶς Sas δεῖ λέγειν, τὸν γεωγράφον καὶ ὅσα 
ἐθνικῶς, ὅταν * ἢ καὶ μνήμης ἄξια, ὅσα δ᾽ οἱ ἡγε- 
μόνες πρὸς τοὺς “καιροὺς πολιτευόμενοι διατάτ- 
τουσι ποικίλως, ἀρκεῖ κἂν ἐν κεφαλαίῳ τις εἴπῃ, 
τοῦ δ᾽ ἀκριβοῦς ἄλλοις παραχωρητέον. 

2. ἽἍπασα μὲν οὖν ἐστιν αὕτη ποταμοῖς κατάρ- 
ρυτος ἡ χώρα, τοῖς μὲν ἐκ τῶν "Ἄλπεων καταφε- 
ρομένοις, τοῖς δ᾽ ἐκ τοῦ Κεμμένου καὶ τῆς Πυρήνης, 
καὶ τοῖς μὲν εἰς τὸν ὠκεανὸν ἐκβάλλουσι, τοῖς δὲ 
εἰς τὴν ἡμετέραν θάλατταν. δι᾿ ὧν δὲ φέρονται 
χωρίων, πεδία ἐστὶ Ta πλεῖστα καὶ γεωλοφίαι 
διάρρους ἐ ἔχουσαι πλωτούς. οὕτως δ᾽ εὐφυῶς ἴ ἴσχει 
τὰ ῥεῖθρα πρὸς ἄχληλα ὥστ᾽ ἐξ ἑκατέρας τῆς 
θαλάττης εἰς ἑκατέραν κατακομίζεσθαι, πορευ- 
ομένων τῶν φορτίων ἐπ᾽ ὀλίγον καὶ διὰ πεδίων 
εὐμαρῶς, τὸ δὲ πλέον τοῖς ποταμοῖς, τοῖς μὲν 
ἀναγομένων, τοῖς δὲ καταγομένων. ἔχει δέ τι 
πλεονέκτημα πρὸς τοῦτο ὁ “Ῥοδανός' καὶ γὰρ πολ- 
λαχόθεν ἐστὶ σύρρους, ὥσπερ εἴρηται, καὶ συνάπτει 
πρὸς τὴν ἡμετέραν θάλατταν, κρείττω τῆς ἐκτὸς 
οὖσαν, καὶ διὰ χώρας διέξεισι τῆς εὐδαιμονεστάτης 
τῶν ταύτῃ. τοὺς γὰρ αὐτοὺς ἐκφέρει καρποὺς ἡ 
NapBoviris ἅπασα οὕσπερ ἡ ᾿Ιταλία. προϊόντι 
δ᾽ ἐπὶ τὰς ἄρκτους καὶ τὸ Κέμμενον, ¢ ὄρος ἡ μὲν 
ἐλαιόφυτος καὶ συκοφόρος ἐκλείπει, τἄλλα δὲ 
φύεται. καὶ ἡ ἄμπελος δὲ προϊοῦσιν οὐ ῥᾳδίως 


1 ὅταν, Kramer, for ὅ τι ἄν. 


1 Gallia Lugdunensis. 2 Gallia Belgica. 
3 Not by Strabo, although he again mentions this in § 14 
below. 


166 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 1-2 


of the Rhenus,! while the other he included within 
the boundaries of the Belgae.2, Now although the 
geographer should tell of all the physical and ethnic 
distinctions which have been made, whenever they 
are worth recording, yet, as for the diversified politi- 
cal divisions which are made by the rulers (for they 
suit their government to the particular times), it is 
sufficient if one state them merely in a summary 
way; and the scientific treatment of them should be 
left to others. 

2. Now the whole of this country is watered by 
rivers : some of them flow down from the Alps, the 
others from the Cemmenus and the Pyrenees; and 
some of them are discharged into the ocean, the 
others into Our Sea. Further, the districts through 
which they flow are plains, for the most part, and 
hilly lands with navigable water-courses. The river- 
beds are by nature so well situated with reference 
to one another that there is transportation from 
either sea into the other; for the cargoes are trans- 
ported only a short distance by land, with an easy 
transit through plains, but most of the way they 
are carried on the rivers—on some into the interior, 
on the others to the sea. The Rhodanus offers an 
advantage in this regard; for not only is it a stream 
of many tributaries, as has been stated,’ but it also 
connects with Our Sea, which is better than the 
outer sea, and traverses a country which is the most 
favoured of all in that part of the world. For ex- 
ample, the same fruits are produced by the whole of 
the province of Narbonitis as by Italy. As you pro- 
ceed towards the north and the Cemmenus Mountain, 
the olive-planted and fig-bearing land indeed ceases, 
but the other things still grow. Also the vine, as 


167 


STRABO 


τελεσφορεῖ' ἡ δ ἄλλη πᾶσα σῖτον φέρει πολὺν 
καὶ κέγχρον καὶ βάλανον καὶ βοσκήματα παντοῖα, 
ἀργὸν δ᾽ αὐτῆς οὐδέν, πλὴν εἴ τι ἕλεσι κεκώλυται 
καὶ δρυμοῖς: καίτοι καὶ τοῦτο συνοικεῖται, πολυ- 
ανθρωπίᾳ μᾶλλον ἢ ἐπιμελείᾳ. καὶ γὰρ τοκάδες αἱ 
γυναῖκες, καὶ τρέφειν ἀγαθαί, οἱ δ᾽ ἄνδρες μαχηταὶ 
μᾶλλον ἢ γεωργοί" νῦν δ᾽ ἀναγκάζονται γεωργεῖν, 
καταθέμενοι τὰ ὅπλα. κοινῇ μὲν οὖν ταῦτα λέ- 
γομεν περὶ πάσης τῆς ἐκτὸς Κελτικῆς, περὶ δὲ τῶν 
τεταρτημορίων ἑκάστου διαλαβόντες λέγωμεν νυνί, 
μεμνημένοι τυπωδῶς, καὶ πρῶτον περὶ τῆς Ναρ- 
βωνίτιδος. 

3. Ταύτης δὲ τὸ σχῆμα παραλληλόγραμμόν 
πώς ἐστιν, ἐκ μὲν τῆς ἑσπέρας γραφόμενον τῇ 
Πυρήνῃ, πρὸς δὲ τὰς ἄρκτους τῷ Keupéve: τὰς 
δὲ λοιπάς, τὴν μὲν νότιον ἡ θάλαττα ποιεῖ μεταξὺ 
ΤΠυρήνης καὶ Μασσαλίας, τὴν δ᾽ ἑωθινὴν αἱ Αλπεις 
ἐκ μέρους, καὶ τὸ μεταξὺ διάστημα τῶν "Αλπεων 
ἐπ᾽ εὐθείας αὐταῖς ληφθὲν καὶ τῶν ὑπωρειῶν τοῦ 
Κεμμένου τῶν καθηκουσῶν. ἐπὶ τὸν Ῥοδανὸν καὶ 
ποιουσῶν ὀρθὴν γωνίαν πρὸς τὴν λεχθεῖσαν ἀπὸ 
τῶν Ἄλπεων εὐθεῖαν. τῷ δὲ νοτίῳ πρόσκειται 
παρὰ τὸ "λεχθὲν σχῆμα 1 ἐφεξῆς παραλία ἣν 
ἔχουσιν οἵ ὡς Μασσαλιώ ται καὶ οἱ Σάλλυες μέχρι 
Λιγύων ἐ ἐπὶ τὰ πρὸς Ἰταλίαν μέρη καὶ τὸν Οὐᾶρον 
ποταμόν. οὗτος δ᾽ ἐστὶν ὡς εἶπον πρότερον, ὅ ὅριον 
τῆς Ναρβωνίτιδος, καὶ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας" ὑπάρχει δὲ 


1 Cp. 4. 4. 3. 

2 Ulterior Gallia, that is, Transalpine Gaul. 

3 After Massilia. 

4 But there is no previous mention of the Varus River to 
be found in any of the MSS. of Strabo, 


168 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. τ. 2-3 


you thus proceed, does not easily bring its fruit to 
maturity. All the rest of the country produces 
grain in large quantities, and millet, and nuts, and 
all kinds of live stock. And none of the country is 
untilled except parts where tilling is precluded by 
swamps and woods, Yet these parts too are thickly 
peopled—more because of the largeness of the popu- 
Jation! than because of the industry of the people ; 
for the women are not only prolific, but good nurses 
as well, while the men are fighters rather than 
farmers. But at the present time they are compelled 
to till the soil, now that they have laid down their 
arms. However, although I am here speaking only 
in a general way of the whole of outer Celtica,? let 
me now take each of the fourth parts separately and 
tell about them, describing them only in rough out- 
line. And first, Narbonitis. 

3. The figure of Narbonitis is approximately a 
parallelogram, since, on the west, it is traced by the 
Pyrenees, and, on the north, by the Cemmenus; as 
for the remaining sides, the southern is formed by 
the sea between the Pyrenees and Massilia, the 
eastern by the Alps, partly, and also by the inter- 
vening distance (taken in a straight line with the 
Alps) between the Alps and those foot-hills of the 
Cemmenus that reach down to the Rhodanus and 
form a right angle with the aforesaid straight line 
from the Alps. ‘To the southern part there belongs 
an addition to the aforesaid figure, I mean the sea- 
board that follows next? which is inhabited by the 
Massiliotes and the Sallyes, as far as the Ligures, to 
those parts that lie towards Italy and to the Varus 
River. This river is, as I stated before,* the boundary 
between this Province and Italy. It is only a small 


169 


{π| 10 


STRABO 


θέρους μὲν μικρός, χειμῶνος δὲ καὶ μέχρι ἑπτὰ 
σταδίων πλατυνόμενος. ἐντεῦθεν μὲν οὖν ἡ πα- 
ραλία παρατείνει μέχρι τοῦ ἱεροῦ τῆς Πυρηναίας 
᾿Αφροδίτης" καὶ τοῦτο δ᾽ ἐστὶν ὅριον ταύτης τε 
τῆς ἐπαρχίας καὶ τῆς Ἰβηρικῆς' ἔνιοι δὲ τὸν τόπον 
ἐν ᾧ ἐστι τὰ Πομπηίου τρόπαια ὅριον "Ἰβηρίας 
ἀποφαίνουσι καὶ τῆς Κελτικῆς. ἔστι δ᾽ ἔνθεν μὲν 
εἰς Νάρβωνα μίλια ἑξήκοντα τρία, ἐκεῖθεν δὲ εἰς 
Νέμαυσον ὀγδοήκοντα ὀκτώ, ἐκ Νεμαύσου δὲ διὰ 
Οὐγέρνου καὶ Ταρούσκωνος εἰς τὰ θερμὰ ὕδατα τὰ 
Σέξτια καλούμενα, , ἅπερ πλησίον Μασσαλίας 
ἐστί, πεντήκοντα τρία, ἐντεῦθεν δὲ εἰς ᾿Αντίπολιν 
καὶ τὸν Οὐᾶρον ποταμὸν ἑβδομήκοντα τρία, ὥστε 
τὰ σύμπαντα γίνεται μίλια διακόσια ἑβδομήκοντα 
ἑπτά. ἔνιοι δ᾽ ἀπὸ τοῦ ᾿Αφροδισίου μέχρι τοῦ 
Οὐάρου σταδίους ἀνέγραψαν δισχιλίους ἑξακο- 
σίους, οἱ δὲ καὶ διακοσίους προστιθέασιν. οὐ γὰρ 
ὁμολογεῖται περὶ τῶν διαστημάτων. κατὰ δὲ τὴν 
ἑτέραν ὁδὸν τὴν διὰ Οὐοκοντίων καὶ τῆς Κοττίου 
μέχρι μὲν Οὐγέρνου καὶ Ταρούσκωνος κοινὴ ὁδὸς 
ἡ ἀπὸ Νεμαύσου, ἐντεῦθεν. δὲ ἐπὶ μὲν τοὺς Οὐο- 
κοντίων ὅρους καὶ τὴν ἀρχὴν τῆς ἀναβάσεως τῶν 
Ἄλπεων διὰ Δρουεντία καὶ Καβαλλίωνος μίλια 
ἑξήκοντα τρία" πάλιν δ᾽ ἐντεῦθεν ἐπὶ τοὺς ἑτέρους 
ὅρους τῶν Οὐοκοντίων πρὸς τὴν Κοττίου μίλια 
ἑκατὸν ἑνὸς δέοντα ἐπ᾽ ᾿Εβρόδουνον κώμην" εἶτ᾽ 
ἄλλα τοσαῦτα " διὰ Βριγαντίου κώμης καὶ Σκιγ- 
γομάγου καὶ τῆς τῶν "Αλπεων ὑπερθέσεως ἐπὶ 


Ὑ x / n , A \ e 3 NX 
Oxerov, TO πέρας τῆς Κοττίου γῆς" καὶ ἡ ἀπὸ 


1 εἰς, after δέοντα, Corais deletes ; so the later editors. 


2 ἄλλα τοσαῦτα, Kramer, for ἄλλοι τοσοῦτοι ; so the later 
editors. 


170 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 3 


river in summer, but in winter it broadens out to a 
breadth of as much as seven stadia. Now from this 
river the seaboard extends as far as the temple of 
the Pyrenaean Aphrodite. This temple, moreover, 
marks the boundary between the province of Narbo- 
nitis and the Iberian country, although some repre- 
sent the place where the Trophies of Pompey are as 
marking the boundary between Iberia and Celtica. 
The distance thence to Narbo is sixty-three miles, 
from here to Nemausus ! eighty-eight, from Nemausus 
through Ugernum and Tarusco to the hot waters 
that are called “ Sextian,” 2 which are near Massilia, 
fifty-three, and thence to Antipolis and the Varus 
River seventy-three ; so that the sum total amounts 
to two hundred and seventy-seven miles. Some, 
however, have recorded the distance from the temple 
of Aphrodite on to the Varus River as two thousand 
six hundred stadia, while others add two hundred 
more ; for there is disagreement with respect to the 
distances. But if you go by the other road—that 
leads through the country of the Vocontii and that of 
Cottius: from Nemausus the road is identical with 
the former road as far as Ugernum and Tarusco, 
but thence it runs across the Druentia River and 
through Caballio sixty-three miles to the frontiers of 
the Vocontii and the beginning of the ascent of the 
Alps; and thence, again, ninety-nine miles to the 
other frontiers of the Vocontii, at the country 
of Cottius, to the village of Ebrodunum; then, 
another ninety-nine through the village of Brigantium 
and Scingomagus and the pass that leads over the 
Alps to Ocelum, the end of the land of Cottius. 


nw 
“a 


1 Now Nimes. “ Aquae Sextiae,” now Aix. 


171 


STRABO 


Σκιγγομάγου δὲ ἤδη ᾿Ιταλία λέγεται" ἔστι δὲ 
ἐνθένδε ἐπὶ "Ὥκελον μίλια εἴκοσι ὀκτώ. 

4, Κτίσμα δ᾽ ἐστὶ Φωκαιέων ἡ Μασσαλία, κεῖ- 
ται δ᾽ ἐπὶ χωρίου πετρώδους" ὑποπέπτωκε δ᾽ αὐτῆς 
ὁ λιμὴν θεατροειδεῖ πέτρᾳ, βλεπούσῃ πρὸς νότον. 
τετείχισται δὲ καὶ αὐτὴ καλῶς καὶ ἡ πόλις σύμ- 
πασα, μέγεθος ἔχουσα ἀξιόλογον. ἐν δὲ τῇ ἄκρᾳ 
τὸ ᾿Εφέσιον ἵδρυται καὶ τὸ τοῦ Δελφινίου ᾿Απόλ- 
λωνος ἱερόν: τοῦτο μὲν κοινὸν ᾿Ιώνων ἁπάντων, 
τὸ δὲ ᾿Κφέσιον τῆς ᾿Αρτέμιδός ἐστι νεὼς τῆς Εφε- 
σίας. ἀπαίρουσι γὰρ τοῖς Φωκαιεῦσιν ἐκ τῆς οἰ- 
κείας λόγιον ἐκπεσεῖν φασιν, ἡγεμόνι χρήσασθαι 
τοῦ πλοῦ παρὰ τῆς ᾿Εφεσίας ᾿Αρτέμιδος λαβοῦσι" 
τοὺς μὲν δή, προσαχθέντας τῇ ᾿Εφέσῳ, ζητεῖν 
ὅντινα τρόπον ἐκ τῆς θεοῦ “πορίσαιντο τὸ προσ- 
ταχθέν. ᾿Δριστάρχῃ | δὲ τῶν ἐντίμων σφ όδρα γυναι- 
κῶν παραστῆναι κατ᾽ ὄναρ τὴν θεὸν καὶ κελεῦσαι 
συναπαίρειν τοῖς Φωκαιεῦσιν, ἀφίδρυμά τι τῶν 
ἱερῶν λαβούσῃ" γενομένου δὲ τούτου καὶ τῆς ἀποι- 
κίας λαβούσης τέλος, τό τε ἱερὸν ἱδρύσασθαι καὶ 
τὴν ᾿Αριστάρχην τιμῆσαι διαφερόντως ἱέρειαν 
ἀποδείξαντας, ἔν τε ταῖς ἀποίκοις πόλεσι παντα- 
χοῦ τιμᾶν ἐν τοῖς πρώτοις ταύτην τὴν θεὸν καὶ 
τοῦ Eoavov τὴν διάθεσιν τὴν αὐτὴν Kal τᾶλλα 
νόμιμα φυλάττειν τὰ αὐτά, ἅπερ ἐν τῇ μητροπόλει 
νενόμισται. 


1 Not to be confused with the ““ Delphian” (Pythian) 
Apollo. The Delphinian Apollo appears originally to: have 
been a seafaring god who, in the guise of a dolphin, guided 
ships over the sea (see HKiymologicum Magnum 255. 18); also 
Pauly-Wissowa, under ᾿Απόλλων Δελφίνιος, p. 47. 

2 Of Artemis. 3 That is, of Massilia. 

4 Strictly speaking, the ‘‘xoana’’ were the primitive 


172 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 3-4 


Moreover, from Scingomagus on you begin to call 
the country Italy; and the distance from here to 
Ocelum is twenty-eight miles. 

4, Massilia was founded by the Phocaeans, and it 
is situated on a rocky place. Its harbour lies at the 
foot of a theatre-like rock which faces south. And 
not only is the rock itself well fortified, but also the 
city as a whole, though it is of considerable size. It is 
on the headland, however, that the Ephesium and also 
the temple of the Delphinian? Apollo are situated. 
The latter is shared in common by all Ionians, 
whereas the Ephesium is a temple dedicated solely 
to the Ephesian Artemis: for when the Phocaeans 
were setting sail from their homeland an oracle was 
delivered to them, it is said, to use for their voyage 
a guide received from the Ephesian Artemis ; accord- 
ingly, some of them put in at Ephesus and inquired 
in what way they might procure from the goddess 
what had been enjoined upon them. Now the god- 
dess, in a dream, it is said, had stood beside Aris- 
tarcha, one of the women held in very high honour, 
and commanded her to sail away with the Phocaeans, 
taking with her a certain reproduction 3. which was 
among the sacred images; this done and the colony 
finally settled, they not only established the temple 
but also did Aristarcha the exceptional honour of 
appointing her priestess; further, in the colonial 
cities 3 the people everywhere do this goddess honours 
of the first rank, and they preserve the artistic design 
of the “ xoanon”’ 4 the same, and all the other usages 
precisely the same as is customary in the mother-city. 


wooden images which were supposed originally to have fallen 
from heaven. Here, as on page 177, ‘* xoanon”’ is used of 
a reproduction. 


1.3 


Ο 180 


STRABO 


5. Διοικοῦνται δ᾽ ἀριστοκρατικῶς οἱ Μασσα- 
λιῶται πάντων εὐνομώτατα, ἀνδρῶν ἑξακοσίων 
καταστήσαντες συνέδριον, διὰ βίου ταύτην ἐχόν- 
των τὴν τιμήν, ODS τιμούχους καλοῦσι. πεντε- 
καίδεκα δ᾽ εἰσὶ τοῦ συνεδρίου προεστῶτες, τούτοις 
δὲ τὰ πρόχειρα διοικεῖν δέδοται. πάλιν δὲ τῶν 
πεντεκαίδεκα προκάθηνται τρεῖς οἱ πλεῖστον ἰσχύ- 
οντες, τούτων δὲ τιμοῦχος οὐ γίνεται μὴ τέκνα 
ἔχων, μηδὲ διὰ τριγονίας ἐκ πολιτῶν γεγονώς. 
οἱ δὲ νόμοι ᾿Ιωνικοί, πρόκεινται δὲ δημοσίᾳ. χώ- 
ραν δ᾽ ἔχουσιν ἐχλαιόφυτον μὲν καὶ κατάμπελον, 
σίτῳ δὲ λυπροτέραν διὰ τὴν τραχύτητα, ὥστε 
πεποιθότες τῇ θαλάττῃ μᾶνχλον ἢ τῇ γῇ τὸ πρὸς 
ναυτιλίας εὐφυὲς εἵλοντο μᾶλλον. ὕστερον μέντοι 
ταῖς ἀνδραγαθίαις ἴσχυσαν προσλαβεῖν τινα τῶν 
πέριξ πεδίων ἀπὸ τῆς αὐτῆς δυνάμεως ἀφ᾽ ἧς καὶ 
τὰς πόλεις ἔκτισαν, ἐπιτειχίσματα τὰς μὲν κατὰ 
τὴν ᾿Ιβηρίαν τοῖς Ἴβηρσιν, οἷς καὶ τὰ ἱερὰ τῆς 
᾿Εφεσίας ᾿Αρτέμιδος παρέδοσαν τὰ πάτρια, ὥστε 
Ἑλληνιστὶ θύειν, τὴν δὲ ‘Pony? ᾿Αγάθην τοῖς 
περὶ τὸν ποταμὸν οἰκοῦσι τὸν Ῥοδανὸν βαρβά- 
pols, TO δὲ Ταυροέντιον καὶ τὴν Ὀλβίαν καὶ 
᾿Αντίπολιν καὶ Νίκαιαν τῷ τῶν Σαλλύων ἔθνει 


1 The reading of lm is τούτων δὲ οὐδ᾽ εἷς. Corais reads 
οὐδείς, inserting δ᾽ after τιμοῦχος. Forbiger, Miiller-Diibner, 
and Meineke read: τούτων δὲ eis: τιμοῦχος δ᾽ κιτ.λ. 

2 For ‘Pénv Casaubon, Corais, and Forbiger read (perhaps 
rightly) ἹῬόδην καί (see Pliny 3. 5). 


1 Aristotle describes and praises the orderliness and moder- 
ation of this aristocracy (Politics 7.7. 4 and 8. 6. 2-3). See 
also Cicero Pro Flacco 25. 63. 

2 Literally, ‘‘ Honour-holders.” 


174 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. τ. ς 


5. The government under which the Massiliotes 
live is aristocratic, and of all aristocracies theirs is 
the best ordered,! since they have established an 
Assembly of six hundred men, who hold the honour 
of that office for life; these they call Timouchoi.? 
Over the Assembly are set fifteen of its number, 
and to these fifteen it is given to carry on the im- 
mediate business of the government. And, in turn, 
three, holding the chief power, preside over the 
fifteen.2 However, a Timouchos cannot become one 
of these three unless he has children gris a descendant 
of persons who have been citizens for three gener- 
ations. Their laws are Ionic, and are published to 
the people. ‘They possess a country which, although 
planted with olive-trees and vines, is, on account of 
its ruggedness, too poor for grain; so that, trusting 
the sea rather than the land, they preferred their 
natural fitness for a seafaring life. Later, however, 
their valour enabled them to take in some of the 
surrounding plains, thanks to the same military 
strength by which they founded their cities, I mean 
their stronghold-cities, namely, first, those which 
they founded in Iberia as strongholds against the 
Iberians * (they also taught the Iberians the sacred 
rites of the Ephesian Artemis, as practised in the 
fatherland, so that they sacrifice by the Greek 
ritual); secondly, Rhoé Agathe, as a stronghold 
against the barbarians who live round about the 
River Rhodanus; thirdly, Tauroentium, Olbia, Anti- 
polis, and Nicaea, against the tribe of the Sallyes 


3 The later editors, by a slight emendation, add at this 
point ‘‘and one over the three.” 
4 Hemeroscopeium, Emporium and Rhodus (3. 4. 6-8). 


175 


STRABO 


\ rn id a \ » 3 ἴω Sar X 
καὶ τοῖς Λίγυσι τοῖς τὰς “AXTeELS οἰκοῦσιν. εἰσὶ 
\ if an ς ‘6 ΄ 
δὲ καὶ νεώσοικοι παρ᾽ αὐτοῖς καὶ ὁπλοθήκη: πρό- 
τέρον dé Kal πλοίων εὐπορία καὶ ὅπλων καὶ 
ὀργάνων τῶν τε πρὸς τὰς ναυτιλίας “χρησίμων 
καὶ τῶν πρὸς πολιορκίας, ἀφ᾽ ὧν πρός τε τοὺς 
βαρβάρους ἀντέσχον, καὶ Ῥωμαίους ἐκτήσαντο 
φίλους, καὶ πολλὰ καὶ αὐτοὶ χρήσιμοι κατέστη- 
σαν ἐκείνοις κἀκεῖνοι προσελάβοντο τῆς αὐξήσεως 
αὐτῶν. Σέξτιος γοῦν ὁ καταλύσας τοὺς Σάλλυας, 
>’ \ 4 an / i f 
ov πολὺ ἄπωθεν τῆς Μασσαλίας κτίσας πόλιν 
ὁμώνυμον ἑαυτοῦ τε καὶ τῶν ὑδάτων τῶν θερμῶν, 
ἫΝ 7 \ 3 ᾽ 3 n 
ὧν τινα μεταβεβληκέναι φασὶν εἰς ψυχρά, ἐνταῦ- 
Ν ς an 
θά te φρουρὰν κατῴκισε Ῥωμαίων, καὶ ἐκ τῆς 
n 2) ᾽ 
παραλίας τῆς εἰς τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν ἀγούσης ἀπὸ Μασ- 
7 b] , \ 7, 5 / 
σαλίας ἀνέστειλε τοὺς βαρβάρους, ov δυναμένων 
A a MA , 
τῶν Μασσαλιωτῶν ἀνείργειν αὐτοὺς τελέως. οὐδ᾽ 
αὐτὸς δὲ πλέον ἴσχυσεν, ἀλλ’ ἢ τοσοῦτον μόνον 
ὅσον κατὰ μὲν τὰ εὐλίμενα ἀπὸ τῆς θαλάττης 
3 n \ / >] \ if ὔ 
ἀπελθεῖν τοὺς βαρβάρους ἐπὶ δώδεκα σταδίους, 
\ \ \ [οἱ > δ > / \ \ a 
κατὰ δὲ τοὺς τραχῶνας ἐπὶ ὀκτώ" τὴν δὲ λειφθεῖ- 
σαν ὑπ᾽ ἐκείνων τοῖς Μασσαλιώταις παραδέδωκεν. 
/ n 
ἀνάκειται δ᾽ ἐν πόλει συχνὰ τῶν ἀκροθινίων, 
ἃ ἔλαβον καταναυμαχοῦντες ἀεὶ τοὺς ἀμῴφισβη- 
an a ’ὔ ἘΣ 
τοῦντας τῆς θαλάττης ἀδίκως. πρότερον μὲν οὖν 
εὐτύχουν διαφερόντως, περί τε τἄλλα καὶ περὶ 
Ν 
τὴν πρὸς “Ῥωμαίους φιλίαν, ἧς πολλὰ ἂν τις 
λάβοι σημεῖα: καὶ δὴ καὶ τὸ ξόανον τῆς ᾿Αρτέ- 
n A 7 ς an 
μιδος τῆς ἐν τῷ Αὐεντίνῳ οἱ Ῥωμαῖοι τὴν αὐτὴν 
1 Avevtivy, Wilamowitz, for ᾿Αβεντίῳ.: Corais, Meineke, 
and others write ’ABevtivw. Cp. 5. 3. 7. 


1 «« Aquae Sextiae,”’ now Aix. See 4. 1. 3. 
* See ὃ 4 (above). 
176 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 5 


and against those Ligures who live in the Alps. 
There are also dry-docks and an armoury among the 
Massiliotes. In earlier times they had a good supply 
of ships, as well as of arms and instruments that are 
useful for the purposes of navigation and for sieges ; 
and thanks to these they not only held out against 
the barbarians, but also acquired the Romans as 
friends, and many times not only themselves ren- 
dered useful service to the Romans, but also were 
aided by the Romans in their own aggrandizement. 
At any rate, Sextius, who defeated the Sallyes, after 
founding not very far from Massilia a city which 
bears his own name and that of “the hot waters” ! 
(some of which, they say, have changed to cold 
waters), not only settled a garrison of Romans 
there, but also drove back the barbarians out of 
the seaboard which leads from Massilia into Italy, 
since the Massiliotes could not entirely keep them 
back. Yet not even Sextius could effect more 
than merely this—that at those parts of the coast 
where there were good harbours the barbarians 
retired for a distance of only twelve stadia, and 
at the rugged parts, only eight. And the country 
thus abandoned by them he has given over to 
the Massiliotes. And in their citadel are set up 
great quantities of the first fruits of their victories, 
which they captured by defeating in naval battles 
those who from time to time unjustly disputed their 
claim to the mastery of the sea. In earlier times, 
then, they were exceptionally fortunate, not only 
in everything else, but also in their friendship with 
the Romans, of which one may detect many signs ; 
what is more, the “ xoanon”’ ? of that Artemis which 
is on the Aventine Hill was constructed by the 


177 


VOL, II. N 


C 181 


STRABO 


διάθεσιν ἔχον τῷ παρὰ τοῖς Μασσαλιώταις 
ἀνέθεσαν. κατὰ δὲ τὴν Πομπηίου πρὸς Καίσαρα 
στάσιν τῷ κρατηθέντι μέρει προσθέμενοι τὴν 
πολλὴν τῆς εὐδαιμονίας ἀπέβαλον, ὅμως δ᾽ οὖν 
ἴχνη λείπεται τοῦ παλαιοῦ ζήλου παρὰ τοῖς 
ἀνθρώποις, καὶ μάλιστα περὶ τὰς ὀργανοποιίας 
καὶ τὴν ναυτικὴν παρασκευήν. ἐξημερουμένων 
δ᾽ ἀεὶ τῶν ὑπερκειμένων βαρβάρων, καὶ ἀντὶ τοῦ 
πολεμεῖν τετραμμένων ἤδη πρὸς πολιτείας καὶ 
γεωργίας διὰ τὴν τῶν «Ῥωμαίων ἐπικράτειαν, οὔτ᾽ 
αὐτοῖς ἔτι τούτοις συμβαίνοι ἂν περὶ τὰ λεχθέντα 
τοσαύτη σπουδή. δηλοῖ δὲ τὰ καθεστηκότα νυνί: 
πάντες γὰρ οἱ χαρίεντες πρὸς τὸ λέγειν τρέπονται 
καὶ φιλοσοφεῖν, ὥσθ᾽ ἡ πόλις μικρὸν μὲν πρότερον 
τοῖς βαρβάροις ἀνεῖτο παιδευτήριον, καὶ φιλέλ- 
Anvas κατεσκεύαζε τοὺς Γαλάτας ὥστε καὶ τὰ 
συμβόλαια ᾿Βλληνιστὶ γράφειν, ἐν δὲ τῷ παρόντι 
καὶ τοὺς γνωριμωτάτους Ῥωμαίων πέπεικεν, ἀντὶ 
τῆς εἰς ᾿Αθήνας ἀποδημίας ἐκεῖσε φοιτᾶν, φίλομα- 
θεῖς ὄντας. ὁρῶντες δὲ τούτους οἱ Γαλάται καὶ 
ἅμα εἰρήνην ἄγοντες, τὴν σχολὴν ἄσμενοι πρὸς 
τοὺς τοιούτους διατίθεντ ται βίους οὐ κατ᾽ ἄνδρα 
μόνον, ἀλλὰ καὶ δημοσίᾳ' σοφιστὰς γοῦν ὑπο- 
δέχονται, τοὺς μὲν ἰδίᾳ, τοὺς δὲ πόλεις κοινῇ 
μισθούμενοι, καθάπερ καὶ ἰατρούς. τῆς δὲ ALTO- 
τητος τῶν βίων καὶ τῆς σωφροσύνης τῶν Μασσα- 
λιωτῶν οὐκ ἐλάχιστον ἄν τις θείη τοῦτο τεκμήριον" 
ἡ γὰρ μεγίστη προὶξ αὐτοῖς ἐστιν ἑκατὸν χρυσοῖ 


1 ἔχον, Corais, for ἔχοντες ; so Meineke. 


1 **Sophists” in the good sense, who taught wisdom in 
speech and action, dicendi factendique sapientia (Cicero, de 
Oratore 3. 16). 


178 


Se ee a ν«..- ἀν 


GEOGRAPHY, 4.1. 5 


Romans on the same artistic design as the “ xoanon”’ 
which the Massiliotes have. But at the time of 
Pompey’s sedition against Caesar they joined the 
conquered party and thus threw away the greater 
part of their prosperity. Nevertheless traces of their 
ancient zeal are still left among the people, especially 
in regard to the making of instruments and to the 
equipment of ships. But since, on account of the 
overmastery of the Romans, the barbarians who are 
situated beyond the Massiliotes became more and 
more subdued as time went on, and instead of carrying 
on war have already turned to civic life and farming, 
it may also be the case that the Massiliotes them- 
selves no longer occupy themselves so earnestly with 
the pursuits aforementioned. Their present state of 
life makes this clear ; for all the men of culture turn 
to the art of speaking and the study of philosophy ; 
so that the city, although a short time ago it was 
given over as merely a training-school for the bar- 
barians and was schooling the Galatae to be fond 
enough of the Greeks to write even their contracts in 
Greek, at the present time has attracted also the 
most notable of the Romans, if eager for knowledge, 
to go to school there instead of making their foreign 
sojourn at Athens. Seeing these men and at the 
same time living at peace, the Galatae are glad to 
adapt their leisure to such modes of life, not only 
as individuals, but also in a public way; at any rate, 
they welcome sophists,! hiring some at private ex- 
pense, but others in common, as cities, just as they 
do physicians. . And the following might be set 
down as not the least proof of the simplicity of the 
modes of life, and of the self-restraint, of the Massi- 
liotes : the maximum dowry among them is a hundred 


179 
N 2 


STRABO 


καὶ εἰς ἐσθῆτα πέντε καὶ πέντε εἰς χρυσοῦν 

κόσμον' πλέον δ᾽ οὐκ ἔξεστι. καὶ ὁ Καῖσαρ δὲ 

\ \ rn 

Kal οἱ μετ᾽ ἐκεῖνον ἡγεμόνες πρὸς Tas ἐν TO 
i i 

πολέμῳ γενηθείσας ἁμαρτίας ἐμετρίασαν, μεμνη- 
nA , 

μένοι τῆς φιλίας, καὶ τὴν αὐτονομίαν ἐφύλαξαν, 

ἣν ἐξ ἀρχῆς εἶχεν ἡ πόλις, ὥστε μὴ ὑπακούειν 

τῶν εἰς τὴν ἐπαρχίαν 1 πεμπομένων στρατηγῶν 

μήτε αὐτὴν μήτε τοὺς ὑπηκόους. περὶ μὲν Μασ-͵ 

σαλίας ταῦτα. 

6. “Apa. δ᾽ AH τε τῶν Σαλύων ὁ ὀρεινὴ πρὸς ἄρκτον 
ἀπὸ τῆς ἑσπέρας κλίνει μᾶλλον καὶ τῆς θαλάττης 
ἀφίσταται κατὰ μικρόν, καὶ ἡ παραλία παρὰ τὴν 

a / 
ἑσπέραν TrepivEevel* μικρὸν δ᾽ ἀπὸ τῆς πόλεως 
τῶν Μασσαλιωτῶν προελθοῦσα ὅσον εἰς ἑκατὸν 
σταδίους ἐπὶ ἄκραν εὐμεγέθη πλησίον λατομιῶν 
τίνων ἐντεῦθεν ἄρχεται κολποῦσθαι καὶ ποιεῖν 

Ν Ν / \ Ao! / Ns 
τὸν Ιαλατικὸν κόλπον πρὸς τὸ Αφροδίσιον, τὸ 

nan / x “Ὁ δ᾽ ’ x 9 \ 
τῆς Llupnvns ἄκρον' καλοῦσι δ᾽ αὐτὸν 5 καὶ Μασ- 

« aA 

σαλιωτικόν. ἔστι δ᾽ ὁ κόλπος διπλοῦς" ἐν γὰρ 
τῇ αὐτῇ περι ρα ἢ δύο κόλπους ἀφορίξον ἔ ἔκκειται 
τὸ Σήτιον 3 ὄρος, προσλαβὸν καὶ τὴν Βλάσκωνα 
νῆσον πλησίον ἱδρυμένην: τῶν δὲ κόλπων ὁ μὲν 

7 307 / nA / 3 ἃ 
μείζων ἰδίως πάλιν καλεῖται Γαλατικός, εἰς ὃν 
> / \ ac an ΐ, ς 5 era i 
ἐξερεύγεται TO τοῦ Ῥοδανοῦ στόμα, ὁ δ᾽ ἐλάττων 
€ \ / Love i / e \ 3, 
o κατὰ Νάρβωνά ἐστι μέχρι ]υρήνης. ἡ μὲν οὖν. 

n la) 7 lal 
Νάρβων ὑπέρκειται τῶν τοῦ “Ataxos ἐκβολῶν. 
A n / . 7 Ν 

καὶ τῆς λίμνης τῆς Ναρβωνίτιδος, μέγιστον ἐμπό- 


1 ἐπαρχίαν, Corais, for ὑπαρχίαν ; so Meineke. 
2 αὐτόν, Corais, for αὐτό; so the later editors. 
8 Σήτιον, Palmer, for Σίγιον ; so Corais and the rest. 


1 Roughly, $550. 
180 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 5-6 


gold pieces, and five for dress, and five for golden 
ornaments ;+ but more than this is not permitted. 
Both Caesar and the commanders who succeeded 
him, mindful of the former friendship, acted in 
moderation with reference to the wrongs done in 
the war, and preserved to the city the autonomy 
which it had had from the beginning; 8580. that 
neither Massilia nor its subjects are subject to the 
praetors who are sent to the province.?- So much 
for Massilia. 

6. While the mountainous country of the Sallyes 
inclines more and more from the west to the north 
and retires little by little from the sea, the coastline 
bends round to the west; but after extending a 
short distance from the city of the Massiliotes, about 
a hundred stadia, to a fair-sized promontory near 
some stone-quarries, the coastline then begins to 
curve inland and to form with the precincts of Aphro- 
dite (that is, the headland of the Pyrenees) the 
Galatic Gulf, which is also called the Gulf of Massilia. 
The Gulf is double, for, in the same circuit, Mount 
Setium,? with the help of the Isle of Blascon, 
which is situated near by, juts out and thus marks 
off two gulfs. Of the two gulfs, the larger, into 
which the mouth of the Rhodanus discharges, is 
again called, in the proper sense of the term, 
““Galatic Gulf”; the smaller is opposite Narbo and 
extends as far as the Pyrenees. Now Narbo lies 
above the outlets of the Atax and the Lake of Nar- 
bonitis, and it is the greatest of the emporiums in 


2 See 4. 2. 2. and footnote 3. 

3 Cape de Cette. 

4 Brescon, a rock opposite Agde, which has been connected 
with the mainland to form the port of Agde (Gosselin). 


ISI 


C 182 


STRABO 


ριον τῶν ταύτῃ, πρὸς δὲ τῷ Ῥοδανῷ πόλις ἐστὶ 
καὶ ἐμπόριον οὐ μικρόν, ᾿Αρελᾶτε' ἴσον δέ πως 
διέχει. τὰ ἐμπόρια ταῦτα ἀλλήλων τε καὶ τῶν 
Ai ἄκρων, ἡ μὲν Νάρβων τοῦ ᾿Αφροδισίου, 

o δ᾽ ᾿Αρελᾶτε τῆς Μασσαλίας. ἑκατέρωθεν δὲ 
ἘΣ Νάρβωνος ἄλλοι ποταμοὶ ῥέουσιν οἱ μὲν ἐκ 
τῶν Κεμμένων ὀρῶν, οἱ δ᾽ ἐκ τῆς Πυρήνης, πόλεις 
ἔχοντες εἰς ἃς ἀνάπλους οὐ πολύς ἐστι μικροῖς 
πλοίοις. ἐκ μὲν τῆς Πυρήνης ὅ τε “Ρουσκίνων 
καὶ ὁ Ἰλλίβερρις, πόλιν ἔχων ὁμώνυμον ἑκάτερος 
αὐτῶν, τοῦ δὲ “Ῥουσκίνωνος καὶ “λίμνη πλησίον 
ἐστὶ καὶ χωρίον ὕφυδρον μικρὸν ὑπὲρ τῆς θαλάτ- 
τῆς, ἁλυκίδων μεστόν, τὸ τοὺς ὀρυκτοὺς κεστρεῖς 
ἔχον" δύο γὰρ ἢ τρεῖς ὀρύξαντι πόδας καὶ καθέντι 
τριόδοντα εἰς ὕδωρ ἰλνῶδες ἔστι περιπεῖραι, τὸν 
ἰχθὺν ἀξιόλογον τὸ μέγεθος" τρέφεται δὲ ἀπὸ τῆς 
ἰλύος καθάπερ αἱ ἐγχέλυες. οὗτοι μὲν ἐκ τῆς 
Πυρήνης ῥέουσιν οἱ ποταμοὶ μεταξὺ Νάρβωνος 
καὶ τοῦ ᾿Αφροδισίου. ἐπὶ θάτερα δὲϊ μέρη τῆς 
Νάρβωνος ἐκ τοῦ ἹΚεμμένου φέρονται πρὸς τὴν 
θάλατταν, ἐξ οὗπερ καὶ ὁ ᾿Αταξ, ὅ τε “Opus 3 
καὶ ὁ "Αραυρις τούτων ἐφ᾽ οὗ μὲν Βαίτερα * 
πόλις ἀσφαλὴς ἵδρυται πλησίον τῆς Νάρβωνος, 
ἐφ᾽ οὗ δὲ ᾿Αγάθη, κτίσμα Μασσαλιωτῶν. 

7. Ev μὲν οὗν ἔχει παράδοξον ἡ προειρημένη 
παραλία, τὸ περὶ τοὺς ὀρυκτοὺς ἰχθῦς, ἕτερον 
δὲ μεῖζον τούτου σχεδόν τι, τὸ λεχθησόμενον. 
μεταξὺ γὰρ τῆς Μασσαλίας καὶ τῶν ἐκβολῶν 
τοῦ Ῥοδανοῦ πεδίον ἐστὶ τῆς θαλάττης διέχον 


1 δέ, before μέρη, Kramer conjectures; Meineke following, 
2 Ὄρβις, (groskurd, for ” OBpts 5 later editors following. 
3 “Apaupts, Groskurd, for Ῥαύραρις ; later editors following. 


182 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. τ. 6-7 


this country, though there is a city near the Rhodanus 
which is no small emporium, namely, Arelate. 
These emporiums are about an equal distance from 
each other and from the aforesaid headlands—Narbo 
from the precincts of Aphrodite, and Arelate from 
Massilia. On either side of Narbo there flow other 
rivers—some from the Cemmenus Mountains, the 
others from the Pyrenees—and they have cities to 
which voyages of no considerable length are made 
in small ships. From the Pyrenees flow both the 
Ruscino and the Ilibirris, each of them having a city 
of like name; and, as for the Ruscino, there is not 
only a lake near by, but also, a short distance above 
the sea, a marshy district, full of salt-springs, which 
contains the “dug mullets’’; for if one digs only 
two or three feet and thrusts his trident down into 
the muddy water, it is possible to spit a fish that is 
notable for its size; and it feeds on the mud just as 
the eels do. These, then, are the rivers which flow 
from the Pyrenees between Narbo and the precincts 
of Aphrodite; while on the other side of Narbo 
there flow to the sea from the Cemmenus (from 
which the Atax flows) both the Orbis and the 
Arauris. On the former of these rivers is situated 
Baetera, a safe city, near Narbo, and on the other, 
Agathe, founded by the Massiliotes. 

7. Now the aforesaid seaboard has not merely 
one marvel, namely, that of the “dug mullets,” but 
also another which one might say is greater than 
that, about which I shall now speak: Between 
Massilia and the outlets of the Rhodanus there is a 
plain, circular in shape, which is as far distant from 


4 Βαίτερα, Siebenkees, for BAfrepa; so, perhaps better, 
Baireppa, as Meineke reads. 


183 


STRABO 


εἰς ἑκατὸν σταδίους, τοσοῦτον δὲ καὶ τὴν διά- 
μέτρον, κυκλοτερὲς τὸ σχῆμα' καλεῖται δὲ Λιθῶ- 
des ἀπὸ τοῦ συμβεβηκότος. μεστὸν γάρ ἐστι λί- 
θων χειροπληθῶν, ὑποπεφυκυῖαν ἐχόντων. αὑτοῖς 
ἄγρωστιν, ap ἧς ἄφθονοι νομαὶ βοσκήμασίν εἰσιν" 
ἐν μέσῳ δ᾽ ὕδατα καὶ ἁλυκίδες ἐνίστανται καὶ 
ἅλες. ἅπασα μὲν οὖν καὶ ἡ ὑπερκειμένη χώρα 
προσήνεμός ἐστι, διαφερόντως δ᾽ εἰς τὸ πεδίον 
τοῦτο Tot μελαμβόρειον καταιυγίξει, πνεῦμα βίαιον 
καὶ φρικῶδες" φασὶ γοῦν σύρεσθαι καὶ κυλεν- 
δεῖσθαι τῶν λίθων ἐνίους, κατακλᾶσθαι δὲ τοὺς 
ἀνθρώπους ἀπὸ τῶν ὀχημάτων καὶ γυμνοῦσθαι 
καὶ ὅπλων καὶ ἐσθῆτος ὑπὸ ξ τῆς ἐμπνοῆς. ᾽Αρι- 
στοτέλης μὲν οὖν φησιν ὑπὸ σεισμῶν τῶν κα- 
λουμένων βραστῶν ἐκπεσόντας τοὺς λίθους εἰς 
τὴν “ἐπιφάνειαν συνολισθεῖν εἰς τὰ κοῖλα τῶν 
χωρίων. Ποσειδώνιος δὲ λίμνην οὖσαν παγῆναι 
μετὰ κλυδασμοῦ, καὶ διὰ τοῦτο εἰς πλείονας 
μερισθῆναι λίθους, καθάπερ τοὺς ποταμίους κά- 
χληκας καὶ τὰς ψήφους τὰς αἰγιαλίτιδας, ὁ ὁμοίως 
δὲ καὶ λείους καὶ ἰσομεγέθεις τῇ ὁμοιότητι" καὶ 
τὴν αἰτίαν ἀποδεδώκασιν ἀμφότεροι. πιθανὸς μὲν 
οὖν ὁ Tap ἀμφοῖν λόγος" ἀνάγκη γὰρ τοὺς οὕτω 


1 τό, Corais inserts ; so Miiller-Diibner, and Meineke. 
2 ὑπό, Meineke, for ἀπό. 


1 Now the Plaine de la Crau. 

2 So Pliny, 21.57. And Murray (Handbook for France, 
vol. 2, p. 154) says that to-day there grows under the stones 
on this plain a short sweet herbage which the sheep obtain 
by turning over the stones, and that during the winter 
months the plain is covered with flocks driven thither from 
the French Alps, where they spend the summer. 


184 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 7 


the sea as a hundred stadia, and is also as much as 
that in diameter. It is called Stony Plain! from the 
fact that it is full of stones as large as you can hold 
in your hand, although from beneath the stones 
there is a growth of wild herbage which affords 
abundant pasturage for cattle. In the middle of 
the plain stand water and salt springs, and also 
lumps of salt. Now although the whole of the 
country which lies beyond, as well as this, is exposed 
to the winds, the Black North, a violent and chilly 
wind, descends upon this plain with exceptional 
severity ; at any rate, it is said that some of the 
stones are swept and rolled along, and that by the 
blasts the people are dashed from their vehicles and 
stripped of both weapons and clothing. Now Aris- 
totle says that the stones, after being vomited to 
the surface by those earthquakes that are called 
“ Brastae,” > rolled together into the hollow places 
of the districts. But Poseidonius says that, since 
it * was a lake, it solidified 5 while the waves were 
dashing, and because of this was parted into a 
number of stones—as are the river-rocks and the 
pebbles on the sea-shore; and by reason of the 
similarity of origin, the former, like the latter, are 
both smooth and equal in size. And an account of 
the cause has been given by both men, Now the 
argument in both treatises is plausible; for of 
necessity the stones that have been assembled to- 


3 Aristotle says (De Mundo 4) that ‘‘those earthquakes 
are called ‘ Brastae’ which heave up and down at right 
angles.” 

4 The antecedent of ‘‘ it” in Poseidonius must have been 
‘* what is now the stony surface of the plain.” 

5 Poseidonius was thinking of both the congealing and 
petrifying of the waters. 


185 


Ο 188 


STRABO 


συνεστῶτας λίθους οὐ καθ᾽ ἑαυτοὺς ἢ ἐξ ὑγροῦ 
παγέντας μεταβαλεῖν, 1 ἢ 3 ἐκ πετρῶν μεγάλων 
ῥήγματα συνεχῆ λαβουσῶν ἀποκριθῆναι. τὸ μέν- 
τοι δυσαπολόγητον Αἰσχύλος καταμαθὼν ἢ παρ᾽ 
ἄλλου λαβὼν εἰς μῦθον ἐξετόπισε. φησὶ γοῦν 
Προμηθεὺς παρ᾽ αὐτῷ, καθηγούμενος Ἡρακλεῖ τῶν 
ὁδῶν τῶν ἀπὸ Καυκάσου πρὸς τὰς ᾿᾿σπερίδας" 


e/ \ » 2 3 / : , 

ἥξεις δὲ Λιγύων εἰς ἀτάρβητον στρατόν, 

” 3 3 7 ΄ >] 5 N lal , A 
ἔνθ᾽ ov μάχης, σάφ᾽ οἶδα, καὶ θοῦρός περ ὧν, 
μέμψει' πέπρωται γάρ σε καὶ βέλη λιπεῖν 

2 any? ¢ / ) » 3. “5 ,ὕ ’ὔ 
ἐνταῦθ᾽. ἑλέσθαι θ᾽ οὔ τιν᾽ ἐκ γαίας λίθον 
ἕξεις, ἐπεὶ πᾶς χῶρός ἐστι μαλθακός. 

ὃ \ δ᾽ > n 7 8 7, \ > ἴω 

ἰδὼν δ᾽ ἀμηχανοῦντά σε Ζεὺς οἰκτερεῖ, 
νεφέλην δ᾽ ὑποσχὼν νιφάδι γογγύλων πέτρων 
ὑπόσκιον θήσει xeon ols ἔπειτα σὺ 

βαλὼν ἃ διώσει" ῥᾳδίως Λίγυν στρατόν' 


(Prometheus Unbound, Fr. 199, Nauck) 


Ψ bf a ” \ e , 2 
ὥσπερ οὐ κρεῖττον ὄν, φησὶν ὁ Ἰ]οσειδώνιος, εἰς 
3 \ \ Δ 2 a 6 Ἃ (0 \ 
αὐτοὺς Tous JAuyuas | ἐμβαλεῖν τους λίθους καὶ 
καταχῶσαι πάντας ἢ τοσούτων δεόμενον ποιῆσαι 
λίθων τὸν Ἡρακλέα. τὸ μὲν οὗν τοσούτων ἀναγ- 
καῖον ἦν, εἴπερ καὶ πρὸς ὄχλον παμπληθῆ; 
ig ς lal 
ὥστε ταύτῃ γε πιθανώτερος ὁ μυθογράφος τοῦ 
> , \ rn ) \ Ν Ν ” 
ἀνασκευάζοντος Tov μῦθον. adAAa Kal τὰ ἄλλα 
A ς \ aA / 
πεπρῶσθαι φήσας ὁ ποιητὴς οὐκ ἐᾷ μέμφεσθαι 


μεταβαλεῖν, Corais, for μεταβάλλειν ; so later editors. 
ἤ, Corais inserts, later editors following. 

σέ, Meineke, for σ᾽ 6. 

σὺ βαλών, Saumaise, for συμβαλών ; 850 the editors. 

5 διώσει, Corais, for δηώσει ; so the later editors. 

6 ἐμβαλεῖν, Corais, for ἐμβάλλειν ; so the later editors. 


186 


Ὁ». Oo DP 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 7 


gether in this way cannot separately, one by one, 
either have changed from liquid to solid or have 
been detached from great masses of rock that re- 
ceived a succession of fractures. What was difficult 
to account for, however, Aeschylus, who closely 
studied the accounts or else received them from 
another source, removed to the realm of myth. 
At any rate, Prometheus, in Aeschylus’ poem, in 
detailing to Heracles the route of the roads from 
the Caucasus to the Hesperides says: “ And thou 
wilt come to the undaunted host of the Ligurians, 
where thou wilt not complain of battle, I clearly 
know »—impetuous fighter though thou art; because 
there it is fated that even thy missiles shall fail 
thee, and no stone from the ground shalt thou 
be able to choose, since the whole district 
is soft ground. But Zeus, seeing thee without 
means to fight, will have pity upon thee, and, 
supplying a cloud with a snow-like shower of round 
stones, will put the soil under cover; and with 
these stones, thereupon, thou wilt pelt, and easily 
push thy way through, the Ligurian host.” 1! Just 
as if it were not better, says Poseidonius, for Zeus 
to have cast the stones upon the Ligures themselves 
and to have buried the whole host than to represent 
Heracles as in need of so many stones. Now, as for 
the number (“so many”), he needed them all if 
indeed the poet was speaking with reference to a 
throng that was very numerous; so that in this, at 
least, the writer of the myth is more plausible than 
the man who revises the myth. Furthermore, by 
saying “it is fated,” the poet forbids one to find 
fault in a captious way with anything else in the 


1 These verses were quoted by Strabo from the Prometheus 
Unbound, now lost. 


187 


C 184 


STRABO 


A A i 
φιλαιτίως. καὶ γὰρ ἐν τοῖς περὶ τῆς προνοίας 
καὶ τῆς εἱμαρμένης λόγοις εὕροι. τίς ἂν πολλὰ 
τοιαῦτα τῶν ἀνθρωπίνων καὶ τῶν φύσει γινο- 

a AY n 
μένων, ὥστ᾽ ἐπ᾽ αὐτῶν φάναι πολὺ κρεῖττον εἶναι 
τόδε ἢ τόδε γενέσθαι, οἷον εὔομβρον εἶναι τὴν 
» 2 Ν Ν \ 5 / / \ 
Αἴγυπτον, ἀλλὰ μὴ τὴν Αἰθιοπίαν ποτίζειν τὴν 
n το 7 
γῆν" καὶ τὸν Πάριν εἰς Σπάρτην πλέοντα ναυαγίῳ 
lal \ 
περιπεσεῖν, ἀλλὰ μὴ τὴν ᾿λένην ἁρπάσαντα 
δίκας τῖσαι τοῖς ἀδικηθεῖσιν ὕστερον, ἡνίκα το- 
a > ΄ / ς / \ 
σοῦτον ἀπειργάσατο φθόρον ᾿λλήνων καὶ Bap- 
βάρων' ὅπερ Kvpimidns ἀνήνεγκεν εἰς τὸν Ala: 


Ζεὺς γὰρ κακὸν μὲν Τρωσὶ πῆμα δ᾽ ᾿Ελλάδι 
θέλων γενέσθαι ταῦτ᾽ ἐβούλευσεν πατήρ. 


(Fr. 1082, Nauck) 


8. Περὶ δὲ τῶν τοῦ Ροδανοῦ στομάτων Πο- 
λύβιος μὲν ἐπιτιμᾷ Τιμαίῳ, φήσας εἶναι μὴ 
πεντάστομον, ἀχλὰ δίστομον' ᾿Αρτεμίδωρος δὲ 
τρίστομον λέγει. Μάριος 1 δὲ ὕστερον, ὁρῶν 
τυφλόστομον γινόμενον ἐκ τῆς προχώσεως καὶ 
δυσείσβολον, καινὴν ἔτεμε διώρυχα, καὶ ταύτῃ 
δεξάμενος τὸ πλέον τοῦ ποταμοῦ Μασσαλιώταις 
ἔδωκεν ἀριστεῖον κατὰ τὸν πρὸς Δμβρωνας καὶ 
Tawuyevous πόλεμον ἐξ οὗ πλοῦτον ἠνέγκαντο 
πολύν, τέλη 5 πραττόμενοι τοὺς ἀναπλέοντας καὶ 
τοὺς καταγομένους. ὅμως οὖν ἔτι μένει duceic- 
moa διά τε τὴν λαβρότητα καὶ τὴν πρόσχωσιν 
καὶ τὴν ταπεινότητα τῆς χώρας, ὥστε μὴ καθο- 


1 Μάριος, Xylander, for Τίμαιος ; so the later editors. 
2 πολύν, τέλη, Conjecture of Tyrwhitt, for πολυτελῆ ; 80 
the editors. 


188 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 7-8 


passage—“ captious,’ I say, for one might also find 
in the discussions on “ Providence” and “ Predestina- 
tion’’ many instances among the affairs of men and 
among the natural occurrences of such a kind that, 
in reference to them, one might say that it were 
much better for this to have taken place than that ; 
for example, for Egypt to be well-watered by rains, 
rather than that Ethiopia should soak its soil 
with water; and for Paris to have met his reversal 
by shipwreck on the voyage to Sparta, instead of 
later carrying off Helen and paying the penalty to 
those whom he had wronged, after he had‘ effected 
all that ruin of Greeks and barbarians—a ruin which 
Euripides attributed to Zeus: “ For Zeus, the father, 
willing not only evil for the Trojans but also sorrow 
for the Greeks, resolved upon all this.” 

8. With respect to the mouths of the Rhodanus: 
Polybius reproves Timaeus by saying that there are 
not five but two; Artemidorus says three; Marius, 
later, seeing that, in consequence of the silting, 
its mouths were becoming stopped up and difficult 
of entrance, cut a new channel, and, upon admitting 
the greater part of the river here, presented it to 
the Massiliotes as a meed of their valour in the war 
against the Ambrones and Toygeni; ? and the wealth 
they carried off from this source was considerable, 
because they exacted tolls from all who sailed up 
and all who sailed down it. Nevertheless, the 
mouths still remain difficult of entrance for ships, 
not only on account of the impetuosity of the river 
and the silting up, but also of the lowness of the 


1 These two peoples joined the Cimbri for the purpose of 
invading Italy. With the aid of the Massiliotes, Marius 
defeated them at Aix (102 B.c.). 


189 


STRABO 


ρᾶσθαι μηδ᾽ ἐγγὺς ἐν ταῖς δυσαερίαις. διόπερ οἱ 
Μασσαλιῶται πύργους ἀνέστησαν σημεῖα, ἐξοι- 
κειούμενοι πάντα τρόπον τὴν χώραν" καὶ δὴ τῆς 
᾿Εφεσίας ᾿Αρτέμιδος κἀνταῦθα ἱδρύσαντο ἱερόν, 
χωρίον ἀπολαβόντες ὃ ποιεῖ νῆσον τὰ στόματα 
τοῦ ποταμοῦ. ὑπέρκειται δὲ τῶν ἐκβολῶν τοῦ 
“Ῥοδανοῦ λιμνοθάλαττα" καλοῦσι, δὲ '“Στομαλίμνην, 
ὀστράκια δ᾽ ἔχει πτάμπολλα καὶ ἄλλως εὐοψεῖ. 
ταύτην δ᾽ ἔνιοι συγκατηρίθμησαν τοῖς στόμασι 
τοῦ Ῥοδανοῦ, καὶ μάλιστα οἱ φήσαντες ἑπτά- 
στομον αὐτόν, οὔτε τοῦτ᾽ εὖ λέγοντες, οὔτ᾽ ἐκεῖνο" 
ὄρος γάρ ἐστι μεταξὺ τὸ διεῖργον a ἀπὸ τοῦ ποτα- 
μοῦ τὴν λίμνην. ἡ μὲν οὗν ἀπὸ τῆς Πυρήνης ἐπὶ 
Μασσαλίαν παραλίαν τοιαύτη καὶ τοσαύτη τις. 
9. Ἢ δ᾽ ἐπὶ τὸν Οὐᾶρον ποταμὸν καὶ τοὺς 
ταύτῃ Λίγυας τάς τε τῶν Μασσαλιωτῶν ἔχει 
πόλεις Ῥαυροέντιον καὶ ᾽Ολβίαν καὶ ᾿Αντίπολιν 
καὶ Νίκαιαν καὶ τὸ ναύσταθμον τὸ Καίσαρος τοῦ 
Σεβαστοῦ, ὃ ὃ καλοῦσι Φόρον Ἰούλιον. ἵδρυται δὲ 
τοῦτο μεταξὺ τῆς ᾽Ολβίας καὶ τῆς ᾿Αντιπόλεως, 
διέχον Μασσαλίας εἰς ἑξακοσίους σταδίους. ὃ 
δὲ Οὐᾶρος μέσος ἐστὶ τῆς ᾿Αντιπόλεως καὶ Νι- 
καίας, τῆς μὲν ὅσον εἴκοσι, τῆς δὲ ἑξήκοντα 
σταδίους διέχων, ὥσθ᾽ ἡ Νίκαια τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας 
γίνεται κατὰ τὸν νῦν ἀποδεδειγμένον ὅρον, καί- 
περ οὖσα Μασσαλιωτῶν" ἐπετείχισαν" yap τὰ 
κτίσματα ταῦτα τοῖς ὑπερκειμένοις βαρβάροις 


1 ἐπετείχισαν, Casaubon, for ἐτείχισαν ; so the later editors. 


1 Literally, ‘‘ Mouth-marsh.” 
* The Varus. Cp. 1 Ὁ 


Igo 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 8-9 


country, so that in foul weather one cannot descry 
the land even when close to it. Wherefore the 
Massiliotes set up towers as beacons, because they 
were in every way making the country their own ; 
and, in truth, they also established a temple of 
the Ephesian Artemis there, after first enclosing a 
piece of land which is made an island by the mouths 
of the river. Beyond the outlets of the Rhodanus 
lies ἃ sea-water marsh; it is called “ Stomalimne,” 1 
and it has a very great quantity of oysters, and, 
besides that, is well supplied with fish. This lake 
was by some counted in with the mouths of the 
Rhodanus, and particularly by those who said there 
were seven mouths, although they were right in 
neither the latter nor the former; for there is a 
mountain intervening which separates the lake from 
the river, This, then, is approximately the nature 
and the extent of the seaboard from the Pyrenees 
to Massilia. 

9. Again, the seaboard which extends from 
Massilia to the Varus River and to those Ligures 
who live in the region of the river has not only the 
following cities of the Massiliotes, namely, Tauroen- 
tium, Olbia, Antipolis, and Nicaea, but also that 
naval-station of Caesar Augustus which is called 
Forum Julium, This naval-station is situated between 
Olbia and Antipolis, at a distance of about six 
hundred stadia from Massilia. The Varus is between 
Antipolis and Nicaea, at a distance of about twenty 
stadia from the latter and sixty from the former, 
so that, according to what is now the declared 
boundary,? Nicaea becomes a part of Italy, although 
it belongs to the Massiliotes; for the Massiliotes 
founded these places as strongholds against those 


1QI 


STRABO 


οἱ Μασσαλιῶται, τήν ye? θάλατταν ἐλευθέραν 
ἔχειν βουλόμενοι, τῆς χώρας ὑπ᾽ ἐκείνων κρατου- 
μένης" ὀρεινὴ γάρ ἐστι καὶ ἐρυμνή, πρὸς μὲν τῇ 
Μασσαλίᾳ πλάτος τι μέτριον καταλείπουσα τῶν 
ἐπιπέδων χωρίων, προϊόντι δὲ ἐ ἐπὶ τὴν ἕω παντά- 
πασιν ἀποθλίβουσα πρὸς τὴν θάλατταν καὶ 
μόλις αὐτὴν πορεύσιμον ἐῶσα τὴν ὁδόν. κατέ- 
χουσι δὲ τὰ μὲν πρῶτα Σάλλυες, τὼ δὲ τελευταῖα 
πρὸς τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν συνάπτοντες Λίγνες, περὶ ὧν 
λεχθήσεται μετὰ ταῦτα. νυνὶ δὲ τοσοῦτον προσ- 
θετέον, ὅτι τῆς μὲν ᾿Αντιπόλεως ἐν τοῖς τῆς 
Ναρβωνίτιδος μέρεσι κειμένης, τῆς δὲ Νικαίας 
ἐν τοῖς τῆς Ἰταλίας, ἡ μὲν Νίκαια ὑπὸ τοῖς 
Μασσαλιώταις μένει καὶ τῆς ἐπαρχίας " ἐστίν, 
7 Oo ᾿Αντίπολις τῶν ᾿Ιταλιωτίδων ἐξετάξεται, 
κριθεῖσα πρὸς τοὺς Μασσαλιώτας καὶ ἐλευθερω- 
θεῖσα τῶν παρ᾽ ἐκείνων προσταγμάτων. 

10. Πρόκεινται δὲ τῶν στενῶν τούτων ἀπὸ 
Μασσαλίας ἀρξαμένοις αἱ Στοιχάδες νῆσοι, τρεῖς 
μὲν ἀξιόλογοι, δύο δὲ μικραί: γεωργοῦσι δ᾽ αὐτὰς 
Μασσαλιῶται. τὸ δὲ παλαιὸν καὶ φρουρὰν εἶχον, 
ἱδρυμένην αὐτόθι πρὸς τὰς τῶν λῃστηρίων ἐφόδους, 

C 185 εὐποροῦντες καὶ λιμένων. μετὰ δὲ τὰς Στοιχάδας 
; ἡ Udavacia καὶ Λήρων, ἐ ἔχουσαι κατοικίας. ἐν 
δὲ τῇ Λήρωνι καὶ ἡρῷόν ἐστι τὸ τοῦ Δήρωνος" 
κεῖται δ᾽ αὕτη πρὸ τῆς ᾿Αντιπόλεως. ἄλλα δ᾽ 


1 ve, Corais, for te; so the later editors. 


* ἐπαρχίας, Corais, for ὑπαρχίας ; so the later editors. 


1 That is, of Narbonitis (see 4. 1. 3). 
2 An Italiote city was a Greek city in Italy. 
3 Thus called from the Greek ‘‘ stoichades,” ‘‘in a row,”— 


192 


GEOGRAPHY: 4:1. 9-10 


barbarians who were situated beyond, wishing at 
least to keep free the sea, since the land was con- 
trolled by the barbarians; for it is mountainous and 
also strong for defence, since, although next to 
Massilia it leaves a strip of level land of moderate 
width, yet as you proceed towards the east it 
squeezes the strip off altogether towards the sea, 
and scarcely leaves the road itself passable. Now 
the first of these districts are occupied by the 
Sallyes, but the last by those Ligures whose terri- 
tory connects with Italy, concerning whom I shall 
speak hereafter. But at present I need add only 
this, that, although Antipolis is situated among the 
parts that belong to Narbonitis, and Nicaea among 
those that belong to Italy, Nicaea remains subject 
to the Massiliotes and belongs to the Province,} 
while Antipolis is classed among the Italiote cities,? 
having been so adjudged in a suit against the 
Massiliotes and thereby freed from their orders. 

10. Lying off these narrow stretches of coast, if 
we begin at Massilia, are the five Stoechades Islands,? 
three of them of considerable size, but two quite 
small; they are tilled by Massiliotes. In early 
times the Massiliotes had also a garrison, which 
they placed there to meet the onsets of the pirates, 
since the islands were well supplied with harbours. 
Next, after the Stoechades, are the islands of 
Planasia and Lero, which have colonial settlements. 
In Lero there is also a hero-temple, namely, that in 
honour of Lero; this island lies off Antipolis. And, 


a fairly suitable appellation. Pliny (3. 11) applies the name 
only to the three large ones, while Pomponius Mela (2. 7) 
includes the other islands off the shore from Massilia as far 
as the country of the Ligures. 


193 
VOL. 11. oO 


STRABO 


ἐστὶ νησίδια οὐκ ἀξια μνήμης, τὰ μὲν πρὸ τῆς 
Μασσαλίας αὐτῆς, τὰ δὲ πρὸ τῆς ἄλλης τῆς 
λεχθείσης ἠιόνος. τῶν δὲ λιμένων ὁ μὲν κατὰ 
τὸν ναύσταθμον ἀξιόλογος καὶ ὁ τῶν Μασσα- 
λιωτῶν, οἱ δ᾽ ἄλλοι μέτριοι: τούτων δ᾽ ἐστὶ καὶ 
ὁ Ὀξύβιος καλούμενος λιμήν, ἐπώνυμος τῶν 
᾿Οξυβίων Λιγύων. περὶ μὲν τῆς παραλίας ταῦτα 
λέγομεν. 

11. Tay 3 “ὑπερκειμένην αὐτῆς χώραν μάλιστα 
γεωγραφεῖ τά τε ὄρη τὰ περικείμενα καὶ οἱ ποτα- 
μοί, διαφερόντως δὲ ὁ ‘Podavos, μέγιστός τε ὧν 
καὶ πλεῖστον ἀνάπλουν ἔχων, ἐκ πολλῶν ᾿΄πληρού- 
μενος ῥευμάτων' λεκτέον οὖν ἐφεξῆς περὶ τούτων. 
ἀπὸ Μασσαλίας τοίνυν ἀρξαμένοις καὶ προϊοῦσιν 
ἐπὶ τὴν μεταξὺ χώραν τῶν τε ΓΑλπεων καὶ τοῦ 
“Ῥοδανοῦ, μέχρι μὲν τοῦ Δρουεντία ποταμοῦ 
Σάλλυες οἰκοῦσιν ἐπὶ πεντακοσίους σταδίους" 
πορθμείῳ δὲ διαβᾶσιν εἰς Καβαλλίωνα πόλιν ἡ 
ἐφεξῆς χώρα πᾶσα Καουάρων ἐστὶ μέχρι τῶν τοῦ 
Ἴσαρος συμβολῶν πρὸς τὸν ‘Podavov: ἐνταῦθα 
δὲ καὶ τὸ Κέμμενον συνάπτει πως τῴ Podave: 
μῆκος τὸ μέχρι δεῦρο, ἀπὸ τοῦ Δρονεντία σταδίων 
ἐστὶν ἑπτακοσίων. οἱ μὲν οὖν Σάλλυες ἐ ἐν αὑτοῖς 1 
τά τε πεδία καὶ τὰ ὑπερκείμενα ὄρη κατοικοῦσι, 
τῶν δὲ Καουάρων ὑπέρκεινται Οὐοκόντιοί τε καὶ 
Τρικόριοι καὶ ᾿Ικόνιοι καὶ Μέδυλλοι. μεταξὺ δὲ 
τοῦ Δρουεντία καὶ Tov” loapos καὶ ἄλλοι ποταμοὶ 
ῥέουσιν ἀπὸ τῶν "Άλπεων ἐπὶ τὸν “Ροδανόν, δύο 


1 αὑτοῖς, Jones, for αὐτοῖς. 


1 South of the Druentia. 
194 


ΟσΕΘΟΘΟΠΑΡΗΥ "4: 1. 10-11 


besides, there are isles that are not worth mention- 
ing, some off Massilia itself and the others off the 
rest of the aforesaid shore. As for the harbours, 
the one that is at the naval-station is of con- 
siderable size, and so is that of the Massiliotes, 
whereas the others are only of moderate size ; among 
these latter is the harbour that is called Oxybius, 
so named after the Oxybian Ligures. This is what 
I have to say about the seaboard. 

11. As for the country that lies beyond the sea- 
board, its geographical limits are, in a general way, 
traced by the mountains that lie round about it, 
and also by the rivers—by the Rhodanus River 
especially, for it not only is the largest but also 
affords the most navigation inland, since the number 
of the streams from which it is filled is large. 
However, I must tell about all these regions in 
order. If you begin, then, at Massilia, and proceed 
towards the country that is between the Alps and 
the Rhodanus: Up to the Druentia River the country 
is inhabited by the Sallyes for a distance of five 
hundred stadia; but if you cross the river by ferry 
into the city of Caballio, the whole country next 
thereafter belongs to the Cavari, up to the confluence 
of the Isar with the Rhodanus; this is also approxi- 
mately where the Cemmenus Mountain joins the 
Rhodanus ; the length of your journey from Druentia 
up to this place is seven hundred stadia. Now the 
Sallyes occupy—I mean in their own country 1— 
not only the plains but also the mountains that lie 
above the plains, whereas above the Cavari are 
situated the Vocontii, Tricorii, Iconii, and Medulli. 
Between the Druentia and the Isar there are 
still other rivers which flow from the Alps to the 


195 
on 


C 186 


STRABO 


μὲν οἱ περιρρέοντες πόλιν Καουάρων. 1 καὶ Οὐά- 
pov 2 κοινῷ ῥείθρῳ συμβάλλοντες εἰς τὸν “Ῥοδανόν, 
τρίτος δὲ Σούλγας, ὁ ὁ κατὰ Οὔνδαλον πόλιν μισγό- 
μενος τῷ ‘Podave, ὅπου Γναῖος ᾿Δηνόβαρβος με- 
γάλῃ μάχῃ πολλὰς ἐτρέψατο Κελτῶν μυριάδας. 
εἰσὶ δὲ év τῷ μεταξὺ πόλεις καὶ Αὐενιὼν καὶ 
‘Apavotov καὶ ᾿Αερία, τῷ ὄντι, φησὶν ᾿Αρτεμί- 
δωρος, ἀερία διὰ τὸ ἐφ᾽ ὕψους ἱδρῦσθαι μεγάλου. 
ἡ μὲν οὖν ἄλλη πᾶσά ἐστι πεδιὰς καὶ εὔβοτος, ἡ 
δ᾽ ἐκ τῆς ᾿Δερίας εἰς τὴν Δουρίωνα ὑπερθέσεις 
ἔχει στενὰς καὶ ὑλώδεις. καθ᾽ ὃ δὲ συμπίπτουσιν 
ὁ Ἴσαρ ποταμὸς καὶ ὁ Ῥοδανὸς καὶ τὸ Κέμμενον 
ὄρος, Koivtos Φάβιος Μάξιμος Αἰμιλιανὸς οὐχ 
ὅλαις τρισὶ μυριάσιν εἴκοσι μυριάδας Κελτῶν 
κατέκοψε, καὶ ἔστησε τρόπαιον αὐτόθι λευκοῦ 
λίθου καὶ νεὼς δύο, τὸν μὲν Apews, τὸν δ᾽ “Hpa- 
κλέους. ἀπὸ δὲ τοῦ ἤϊσαρος εἰς Οὐέενναν τὴν τῶν 
᾿Αλλοβρίγων μητρόπολιν “κειμένην ἐπὶ τῷ Ῥο- 
δανῷ στάδιοί εἰσι τριακόσιοι εἴκοσι. πλησίον 


1 Καουάρων, Siebenkees, for Κλαουάρων ; so the later editors. 

2 Xylander would omit καὶ Oddpwy ; so Siebenkees, Corais, 
Kramer, Forbiger, and Meineke. Groskurd emends_ to 
Kaprévtapov, or Καρπεντάρωνα. Casaubon, comparing Aove- 
plwvos in 4. 6. 3, conjectures Aovepiwra. 


1 Groskurd, believing with Gosselin that the Ouvéze and 
the Meéde are the rivers meant by Strabo, emends ‘‘ and the 
Vari” to ‘‘Carpenteron”—the ‘‘Carpentoracte” (to-day 
Carpentras) of Pliny (3. 5). Several scholars (see critical 
note above, on this page) omit ‘“‘and the Vari” altogether. 
Ukert (Geogr. 1832, vol. 111, page 138) thinks he recognizes in 
‘‘Cavari” and ‘‘ Vari” the corrupted names of the rivers 
now called Rubion and Jabrou, and that the city (which he 
thinks has fallen out of the text) is Akousio (mentioned by 
Ptolemaeus), to-day Anconne. But Béretta (Les Cités 


196 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. τ. 11 


Rhodanus, namely, two that flow round a city of 
the Cavaran Vari,t and coming together in a 
common stream empty into the Rhodanus; and a 
third, the Sulgas, which mingles its waters with the 
Rhodanus near the city of Undalum,? where in a 
great battle Gnaeus Ahenobarbus turned many 
myriads of Celti to flight. And there are in the 
intervening space ® the cities of Avenio,* Arausio,® 
and Aeria °—“an ‘ Aeria’ in reality,” says Artemi- 
dorus, “ because it is situated on a lofty elevation.” 
All the country, however, is level and good for 
pasturage, except that the stretch from Aeria to 
Durio? has mountainous passes that are narrow and 
wooded. But where the Isar River and the Rhodanus 
and the Cemmenus Mountain meet, Quintus Fabius 
Maximus Aemilianus, with less than thirty thousand 
men all told, cut down two hundred thousand Celti; 
and on the spot he set up a trophy of white marble, 
and also two temples, one in honour of Ares, the other 
in honour of Heracles. From the. Isar to Vienna, 
the metropolis of the Allobroges, situated on the 
Rhodanus, the distance is three hundred and twenty 


Mystéricuses de Strabo, pp. 86-44) rightly defends the Greek 
text and seems to prove that the city in question was what 
is now Bédarrides, at the confluence of the Ouvéze and the 
Meéde. 

2 What is now Sorgnes, according to Béretta (op. cit. 
p. 49). The name is also spelled ‘‘ Vindalum.” 

3 Between the Druentia and the Isar. 

4 Now Avignon. 5 Now Orange. 

6 Béretta (op. cit. pp. 50-73) convincingly identifies Aeria 
with what is now Carpentras. 

7 A. Béretta (op. cit. 74-100) identifies Durio with what is 
now Malaucéene. Some scholars emend to ‘‘ Luerio,”’ a place 
referred to in 4. 6. 3, but otherwise unknown, while others, 
including Meineke, wrongly emend to Avenio (Avignon). 


107 


STRABO 


9 € 7 n Day \ / >7? 
δ᾽ ὑπέρκειται τῆς Οὐιέννης τὸ Λούγδουνον, ἐφ 
@ , 3 / 7 " Ν € 
οὗ συμμίσγουσιν ἀλλήλοις ὃ τε “Apap Kal oO 
¢ / 7] > Prd Ἄν 3 \ an \ \ 
Podavos: στάδιοι δ᾽ εἰσὶν ἐπ᾿ αὐτὸ πεζῇ μὲν περὶ 
διακοσίους διὰ τῆς ᾿Αλλοβρίγων, ἀνάπλῳ δὲ 
n 7 Tas) 
μικρῷ πλείους. ᾿Αλλόβριγες δὲ μυριάσι πολλαῖς 
πρότερον μὲν ἐστράτευον, νῦν δὲ γεωργοῦσι τὰ 
πεδία καὶ τοὺς αὐλῶνας τοὺς ἐν ταῖς "Αλπεσι, 
Ν ε \ 7 \ [οἱ δ ᾽ 3 7 
καὶ οἱ μὲν ἄλλοι κωμηδὸν ζῶσιν, οἱ δ᾽ ἐπιφανέ- 
/ 4 
στατοι τὴν Ovievvay ἔχοντες, κώμην πρότερον 
οὖσαν, μητρόπολιν δ᾽ ὅμως τοῦ ἔθνους λεγομένην, 
ac lal 
κατεσκευάκασι πόλιν. ἵδρυται δ᾽ ἐπὶ τῷ Podave. 
/ ὃ τ aif a Aes & λὺ \ 
φέρεται δ᾽ ato! τῶν πεων οὗτος πολὺς καὶ 
4 er \ \ id 3 \ A / 9 
apodpos, ὅς γε καὶ διὰ λίμνης ἐξιὼν τῆς Anpévyns * 
Ν an , 
φανερὸν δείκνυσι τὸ ῥεῖθρον ἐπὶ πολλοὺς σταδίους. 
κατελθὼν δὲ ον τὰ media, τῆς χώρας τῆς ᾿Αλλο- 
βρίγων καὶ Σηγοσιαυῶν 3 συμβάλλει τῷ Αραρι 


κατὰ Λούγδουνον πόλιν τῶν Σηγοσιαυῶν. ῥεῖ 


δὲ καὶ ὁ "Apap ἐκ τῶν ΓΆλπεων, ὁρίξων Σηκοα- 

7 \\ 3 7 aN If \ 
VOUS TE καὶ Atdovous Kal Λίγγονας * παραλαβὼν 
δ᾽ ὕστερον τὸν Δοῦβιν ἐκ τῶν αὐτῶν ὀρῶν φερό- 
μενον πλωτόν, ἐπικρατήσας τῷ ὀνόματι καὶ γενό- 
μενος ἐξ ἀμφοῖν "Ἄραρ συμμίσγει τῷ “Ῥοδανῷ. 
πάλιν δ᾽ ἐπικρατήσας ὁ “Ῥοδανὸς εἰς τὴν Οὐϊευναν 
φέρεται. συμβαίνει δὴ κατ᾽ ἀρχὰς μὲν τοὺς τρεῖς 
ποταμοὺς φέρεσθαι πρὸς aPRIOy εἶτα πρὸς δύσιν" 
εἰς ἕν δ᾽ ἤδη συμπεσὸν ὅ ῥεῖθρον πάλιν ἄλλην 

1 ἀπό, Corais, for ἄνω ; so the later editors. 

3 ἘΠΕ ἢ Kramer, for THs μεγάλης (cp. 4. 6, 11); so the 
later editors. 

3 Σηγοσιανῶν, the editors, for the variants of the MSS. 
(see C. Miiller Ind. Var. Lect. ΡΡ. 962 (154, 32, 33) and 963 
(159, 40); also Holmes, Caesar’s Conquest of Gaul, p: 848). 

: Nation, Corais, for Avykactous ; so the editors in general, 


198 


as 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 11 


stadia. Near Vienna, and beyond it, is situated 
Lugdunum, at which the Arar and the Rhodanus 
mingle with one another; and the distance to 
Lugdunum ! in stadia is, if you go by foot through 
the territory of the Allobroges, about two hundred, 
but if by voyage up the river, slightly more than that. 
Formerly the Allobroges kept up warfare with many 
myriads of men, whereas now they till the plains 
and the glens that are in the Alps, and all of them 
live in villages, except that the most notable of 
them, inhabitants of Vienna (formerly a village, but 
called, nevertheless, the “metropolis”’ of the tribe), 
have built it up into acity. It is situated on the 
Rhodanus. This river runs from the Alps in great 
volume and impetuosity—since on its way out, while 
passing through the Lemenna Lake, its stream is 
clearly visible for many stadia. And after coming 
down into the plains of the country of the Allobroges 
and Segusiavi, it meets the Arar at Lugdunum, a 
city of the Segusiavi. The Arar, too, flows from 
the Alps, since it separates the Sequani from the 
Aedui and the Lingones; then, later, taking on the 
waters of the Dubis—a navigable river that runs 
from the same mountains—it prevails over the Dubis 
with its name, and though made up of both mingles 
with the Rhodanus as the “Arar.” And, in its 
turn, the Rhodanus prevails, and runs to Vienna. 
So the result is, that at first the three rivers run 
northwards, and then westwards; and then, im- 
mediately after they have joined together into one 


1 That is, from Vienna, now Vienne. 


The people in question are called ‘‘ Lingones” by other 
writers, as well as by Strabo himself (4. 3. 4 and 4. 6. 11). 
ὃ συμπεσόν, Xylander, for συμπεσών. 


199 


C 187 


STRABO 


καμπὴν λαβὸν νότιον φέρεται τὸ ῥεῦμα μέχρι τῶν 
ἐκβολῶν, δεξάμενον καὶ τοὺς ἄλλους ποταμούς, 
κἀκεῖθεν ἤδη τὴν λοιπὴν ποιεῖται μέχρι τῆς 
θαλάττης ῥύσιν. ἡ μὲν οὖν μεταξὺ τῶν ᾿Δλπεων 
καὶ τοῦ Ῥοδανοῦ τοιαύτη TLS. 

12. Thy Σὺ ἘΠῚ θάτερα μέρη τοῦ ποταμοῦ 
Οὐόλκαι νέμονται τὴν πλείστην, οὗὑς ᾿Αρηκο- 
μίσκους προσαγορεύουσι. τούτων δ᾽ ἐπίνειον ἡ 
Νάρβων λέγεται, δικαιότερον δ᾽ ἂν καὶ τῆς ἄλλης 
Κελτικῆς λέγοιτο: τοσοῦτον ὑπερβεβληται τῷ 
πλήθει τῶν χρωμένων τῷ ἐμπορείῳ. οἱ μὲν οὖν 
Οὐόλκαι γειτονεύουσι τῷ 'Ροδανῷ, τοὺς Σάλλυας 
ἔχοντες ἀντιπαρήκοντας αὐτοῖς ἐν τῇ περαίᾳ καὶ 
τοὺς Καουάρους. ἐπικρατεῖ δὲ τὸ τῶν Καονάρων 
ὄνομα καὶ πάντας οὕτως ἤδη προσαγορεύουσι τοὺς 
ταύτῃ βαρβάρους, οὐδὲ βαρβάρους ἔ ἔτι ὄντας, ἀλλὰ 
μετακειμένους τὸ πλέον εἰς τὸν τῶν Ῥωμαίων τύπον 
καὶ τῇ γλώττῃ καὶ τοῖς βίοις, τινὰς δὲ καὶ τῇ 
πολιτείᾳ. ἄλλα δέ ἐστιν ἄδοξα ἔθνη καὶ μικρά, 
παρακείμενα τοῖς ᾿Αρηκομίσκοις μέχρι Πυρήνης. 
μητρόπολις δὲ τῶν ᾿Αρηκομίσκων ἐστὶ Νέμαυσος, 
κατὰ μὲν τὸν ἀλλότριον ὄχλον καὶ τὸν ἐμπορικὸν 
πολὺ Νάρβωνος λειπομένη, κατὰ δὲ τὸν πολιτικὸν 
ὑπερβάλλουσα: ὑπηκόους γὰρ ἔχει κώμας τέτταρας 
καὶ εἴκοσι τῶν ὁμοεθνῶν εὐανδρίᾳ διαφερούσας, 
συντελούσας εἰς αὐτήν, ἔχουσα | καὶ τὸ καλούμενον 
Λάτιον, ὥστε τοὺς ἀξιωθέντας ἀγορανομίας καὶ 


1 ἔχουσα, Corais, for ἐχούσας (ABI), ἔχουσαν (C); so the 
later editors. 


1“ Jus Latii” (see footnote on ‘‘ Latins,” 3. 2. 15). 
200 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 11-12 


bed, the stream again takes another turn and runs 
a southerly course as far as its outlets (although 
before this it has received the other rivers), and 
from there begins to make the remainder of its 
course as far as the sea. Such, then, is approximately 
the nature of the country which lies between the 
Alps and the Rhodanus. 

12. As for the country which lies on the other 
side of the river, most of it is occupied by those 
Volcae who are called Arecomisci. Narbo is spoken 
of as the naval-station of these people alone, though 
it would be fairer to add “and of the rest of Celtica”’ 
—so greatly has it surpassed the others in the number 
of people who use it as a trade-centre. Now, al- 
though the Volcae border on the Rhodanus, with 
the Sallyes and also the Cavari stretching along 
parallel to them on the opposite side of the river, 
the name of the Cavari prevails, and people are 
already calling by that name all the barbarians in 
that part of the country—no, they are no longer 
barbarians, but are, for the most part, transformed 
to the type of the Romans, both in their speech and 
in their modes of living, and some of them in their 
civic life as well. Again, situated alongside the 
Arecomisci as far as the Pyrenees, are other tribes, 
which are without repute and small. Now the 
metropolis of the Arecomisci is Nemausus, which, 
although it comes considerably short of Narbo in its 
throng of foreigners and of merchants, surpasses 
Narbo in that of citizens; for it has, subject to its 
authority, twenty-four villages, which are exceptional 
in their supply of strong men, of stock like its own, 
and contribute towards its expenses; and it has also 
what is called the “ Latin right,” 1 so that those who 


201 


STRABO 


ταμιείας ἐν Νεμαύσῳ “Ῥωμαίους ὑπάρχειν" διὰ δὲ 
τοῦτο οὐδ᾽ ὑπὸ τοῖς προστάγμασι τῶν ἐκ τῆς 
“Ρώμης στρατηγῶν ἐστι τὸ ἔθνος τοῦτο. ἵδρυται o 
ἡ πόλις κατὰ τὴν ὁδὸν τὴν ἐκ τῆς Ἰβηρίας εἰς τὴν 
᾿Ιταλίαν, θέρους μὲν εὔβατον οὖσαν, χειμῶνος δὲ 
καὶ ἔαρος “πηλώδη καὶ ποταμόκλυστον' τινὰ μὲν 
οὖν τῶν ῥευμάτων πορθμείοις περῶται, τινὰ δὲ 
γεφύραις, ταῖς μὲν ξύλων πεποιημέναις, ταῖς δὲ 
λίθων. ποιοῦσι δὲ τὰς ἐκ τῶν ὑδάτων δυσκολίας 
οἱ χείμαρροι, καὶ μέχρι τοῦ θέρους ἔσθ᾽ ὅτε ἐκ τῶν 
Ἄλπεων καταφερόμενοι μετὰ τὴν ἀπότηξιν τῶν 
χιόνων. τῆς δ᾽ ὁδοῦ τῆς λεχθείσης ἡ ἡ μὲν εὐθὺς ἐ ἐπὶ 
τὰς Αλπεις ἐστί, καθάπερ εἴπομεν, ἡ σύντομος 
διὰ Οὐοκοντίων'" ἡ δὲ διὰ τῆς παραλίας τῆς Μασσα- 
λιωτικῆς καὶ τῆς Λιγυστικῆς μακροτέρα μέν, τὰς 
δ᾽ ὑπερθέσεις τὰς εἰς τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν εὐμαρεστέρας 
ἔχει, ταπεινουμένων ἐνταῦθα ἤδη τῶν ὁρῶν. διέχει 
δ᾽ ἡ Νέμαυσος τοῦ μὲν “Ῥοδανοῦ περὶ ἑκατὸν στα- 
δίους, καθ᾽ ὃ ἐν τῇ περαίᾳ πολίχνιόν ἐστι Ταρού- 
σκων, τῆς δὲ Νάρβωνος ἑπτακοσίους εἴκοσι. πρὸς 
δὲ τὸ “Κέμμενον 6 ὄρος συνάπτοντες, ἐπιλαμϑάνοντες 
δὲ καὶ τὸ νότιον πλευρὸν αὐτοῦ μέχρι τῶν ἀκρωτη- 
ρίων οἰκοῦσι τῶν TE Οὐολκῶν οἱ Τεκτόσαγες 
καλούμενοι καὶ ἄλλοι τινές. περὶ μὲν οὖν τῶν 
ἄλλων ἐροῦμεν ὕστερον. 

13. Οὔ͵ἵ᾽ δὲ Τεκτόσαγες καλούμενοι τῆ Πυρήνῃ 
πλησιάξουσιν, ἐφάπτονται δὲ μικρὰ καὶ τοῦ προσ- 
αρκτίου πλευροῦ τῶν Κεμμένων, πολύχρυσόν τε 


1 προστάγμασι, the reading of 0; πράγμασι, ΑΒΟί. 


1 See 4, 2. 2 and footnote on ** autonomous.’ 


202 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 12-13 


have been thought worthy of the offices of aedile 
and quaestor at Nemausus are by that preferment 
Roman citizens, and, on account of this fact, this tribe 
too is not subject to the orders of the praetors who 
are sent out from Rome.! The city is situated on the 
road that leads from Iberia into Italy, which, although 
it is easy to travel in summer, is muddy and also 
flooded by the rivers in winter and spring. Now 
some of the streams are crossed by ferries, others by 
bridges—some made of timber, others of stone. But 
it is the torrents that cause the annoying difficulties 
that result from the waters, since, after the melting 
away of the snows, they sometimes rush down from 
the Alps even till the summer-time. Of the afore- 
said road, the branch 2 that leads straight to the Alps 
is, as I stated, the short cut through the territory of 
the Vocontii, whereas that through the Massilian 
and Ligurian seaboard is indeed longer, although the 
passes it affords over into Italy are easier, since the 
mountains begin to lower there. The distance of 
Nemausus from the Rhodanus—reckoning from a 
point opposite the town of Tarusco, on the other side 
of the river—is about a hundred stadia; but from 
Narbo, seven hundred and twenty. Again, in terri- 
tory that joins the Cemmenus Mountain, and that 
takes in also the southern side? of the mountain as 
far as its summits, there live that people of the 
Voleae who are called Tectosages and also certain 
others. About these others I shall speak later on. 
13. The people who are called Tectosages closely 
approach the Pyrenees, though they also reach over 
small parts of the northern side of the Cemmenus ; 


2 See 4. 1. 2. 
3 To Strabo, the Cemmenus ran east and west. 


203 


Ο 188 


STRABO 


νέμονται γῆν. ἐοίκασι δὲ Kal δυναστεῦσαί ποτε Kal 
εὐανδρῆσαι τοσοῦτον, ὥστε στάσεως ἐμπεσούσης 
ἐξελάσαι πολὺ πλῆθος ἐξ ἑαυτῶν ἐκ τῆς οἰκείας" 
κοινωνῆσαι δὲ τούτοις καὶ ἄλλους ἐξ ἄλλων ἐθνῶν. 
τούτων δ᾽ εἶναι καὶ τοὺς κατασχόντας τὴν Φρυγίαν 
τὴν ὅμορον τῇ Καππαδοκίᾳ καὶ τοῖς “Παφλαγόσι" 
᾽’ὕ % / 
τούτου μὲν οὖν ἔχομεν τεκμήριον τοὺς ἔτι καὶ νῦν 
λεγομένους Τεκτόσαγας" τριῶν γὰρ ὄντων ἐθνῶν, 
ἕν ἐξ αὐτῶν τὸ περὶ "Αγκυραν πόλιν Τεκτοσάγων 
λέγεται, τὰ δὲ λοιπὰ δύο ἐστὶ Τρόκμοι καὶ Τολιστο- 
βώγιοι" τούτους δ᾽, ὅτι μὲν ἐκ τῆς Κελτικῆς ἀπωκί- 
σθησαν, μηνύει τό ye? πρὸς TOUS Τεκτόσαγας 
σύμφυλον, ἐξ ὦ ὧν δὲ χωρίων ὡρμήθησαν, οὐκ ἔχομεν 
φράξειν" οὐ γὰρ παρειλήφαμεν οἰκοῦντάς τινας 
Ta” νυνὶ Τρόκμους ἢ Τολιστοβωγίους ἐκτὸς τῶν 
ΓἼΑλπεων οὔτ᾽ ἐν αὐταῖς οὔτ᾽ ἐντός. εἰκὸς δ᾽ ἐκλε- 
λοιπέναι διὰ τὰς ἀθρόας ἀπαναστάσεις, καθάπερ 
καὶ ἐπ᾿ ἄλλων συμβαίνει πλειόνων: ἐπεὶ καὶ τὸν 
ἄλλον Βρέννον τὸν ἐπελθόντα ἐπὶ Δελφοὺς Πραῦσόν 
τινές φασιν, οὐδὲ τοὺς IIpavaous δ᾽ ἔχομεν εἰπεῖν, 
ὅπου γῆς ὥκησαν πρότερον. καὶ τοὺς Γεκτόσαγας 
δέ φασι μετασχεῖν τῆς ἐπὶ Δελφοὺς στρατείας, 
καὶ τούς τε θησαυροὺς τοὺς εὑρεθέντας παρ᾽ αὐτοῖς 


1 ye, Corais, for τε. 
2 τά, Jones, for τήν ; the reading of no is τό. 


1 Strabo refers to Galatia, a part of Greater Phrygia (12. 
8. 1). One of the three Galatian tribes retained the name of 
‘“Tectosages,” ‘from the tribe of that name in Celtica” 
(12. 5. 1). 

2 That is, the Gallic Brennus who made an invasion against 
Delphi in 278 B.c. with 152,000 infantry and 20,000 cavalry 


204 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 13 


and the land they occupy is rich in gold. It appears 
that at one time they were so powerful and had so 
large a stock of strong men that, when a sedition 
broke out in their midst, they drove a considerable 
number of their own people out of the homeland ; 
again, that other persons from other tribes made 
common lot with these exiles; and that among these 
are also those people who have taken possession of 
that part of Phrygia which has a common boundary 
with Cappadocia and the Paphlagonians.! Now as 
proof of this we have the people who are still, even 
at the present time, called Tectosages; for, since 
there are three tribes, one of them—the one that 
lives about the city of Ancyra—is called “ the tribe 
of the Tectosages,”’ while the remaining two are the 
Trocmi and the Tolistobogii. As for these latter 
peoples, although the fact of their racial kinship with 
the Tectosages indicates that they emigrated from 
Celtica, I am unable to tell from what districts they 
set forth; for I have not learned of any Trocmi 
or Tolistobogii who now live beyond the Alps, or 
within them, or this side of them. But it is reason- 
able to suppose that nothing has been left of them 
in Celtica on account of their thoroughgoing mi- 
grations—just as is the case with several other 
peoples. For example, some say that the second 
Brennus 2 who made an invasion against Delphi was 
a Prausan, but I am unable to say where on earth 
the Prausans formerly lived, either. And it is 
further said that the Tectosages shared in the 
expedition to Delphi; and even the treasures that 
were found among them in the city of Tolosa by 


(see Pausanias 10. 19); not the Gallic Brennus who a century 
before sacked Rome. 


205 


STRABO 


ὑπὸ Karrriwvos! τοῦ στρατηγοῦ τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἐν 
πόλει Τολώσσῃ τῶν ἐκεῖθεν χρημάτων μέρος εἶναί 
φασι, προσθεῖναι δὲ τοὺς ἀνθρώπους καὶ ἐκ τῶν 
ἰδίων οἴκων ἀνιεροῦντας καὶ ἐξιλασκομένους τὸν 
θεόν: προσωψάμενον δ᾽ αὐτῶν τὸν Καιπίωνα διὰ 
τοῦτο ἐν δυστυχήμασι καταστρέψαι τὸν βίον, ὡς 
ἱερόσυλον ἐκ βληθέντα ὑ ὑπὸ τῆς πατρίδος, διαδόχους 
δ᾽ ἀπολιπόντα παῖδας, ἃς συνέβη καταπορνευθεί- 
σας, ὡς εἴρηκε ͵Τιμαγένης, αἰσχρῶς ἀπολέσθαι. 
πιθανώτερος δ᾽ ἐστὶν ὁ Ἰ]οσειδωνίου λόγος" τὰ μὲν 
γὰρ εὑρεθέντα ἐν τῇ Τολώσσῃ χρήματα μυρίων 
που καὶ πεντακισχιλίων ταλάντων γενέσθαι φησί, 
τὰ μὲν ἐν σηκοῖς ἀποκείμενα, τὰ δ᾽ ἐν λίμναις 
ἱεραῖς, οὐδεμίαν κατασκευὴν ἔχοντα, ἀλλ᾽ ἀργὸν 
χρυσίον καὶ ἄργυρον' τὸ δ᾽ ἐν Δελφοῖς ἱερὸν κατ᾽ 
ἐκείνους ἤδη τοὺς χρόνους ὑπάρξαι κενὸν τῶν 
τοιούτων, σεσυλημένον ὑπὸ τῶν Φωκέων κατὰ τὸν 
ἱερὸν πόλεμον" εἰ δὲ καί τι ἐλείφθη, διανείμασθαι 
πολλούς: οὐδὲ σωθῆναι δὲ αὐτοὺς εἰκὸς εἰς τὴν 
οἰκείαν, ἀθλίως ἀπαλλάξαντας μετὰ τὴν ἐκ Δελφῶν 
ἀποχώρησιν καὶ σκεδασθέντας ἄχλους ἐπ᾽ ἄλλα ᾿ 
μέρη κατὰ διχοστασίαν. arn’, ὥσπερ ἐκεῖνός τε 
εἴρηκε καὶ ἄλλοι πλείους, ἡ χώρα πολύχρυσος 
οὖσα καὶ δεισιδαιμόνων καὶ οὐ πολυτελῶν τοῖς 
βίοις πολλαχοῦ τῆς Κελτικῆς ἔσχε θησαυρούς" 
μάλιστα. δ᾽ αὐτοῖς αἱ λίμναι τὴν ἀσυλίαν παρεῖ- 
χον, εἰς ἃς καθίεσαν ἀργύρου ἢ καὶ χρυσοῦ βάρη. 
οἱ γοῦν Ῥωμαῖοι κρατήσαντες τῶν τόπων ἀπέδοντο 


1 Καιπίωνος, and Καιπίωνα (below), are obvious corrections 
for Σκιπίωνος and Σκιπίωνα ; so the editors since Xylander. 


206 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 13 


Caepio, a general of the Romans, were, it is said, 
a part of the valuables that were taken from Delphi, 
although the people, in trying to consecrate them 
and propitiate the god, added thereto out of their 
personal properties, and it was on account of having 
laid hands on them that Caepio ended his life in 
misfortunes—for he was cast out by his native land 
as a temple-robber, and he left behind as his heirs 
female children only, who, as it turned out, became 
prostitutes, as imagenes has said, and therefore 
perished in disgrace. However, the account of 
Poseidonius is more plausible: for he says that the 
treasure that was found in Tolosa amounted to 
about fifteen thousand talents (part of it stored away 
in sacred enclosures, part of it in sacred lakes), un- 
wrought, that is, merely gold and silver bullion ; 
whereas the temple at Delphi was in those times 
already empty of such treasure, because it had 
been robbed at the time of the sacred war by 
the Phocians; but even if something was left, it 
was divided by many among themselves; neither 
is it reasonable to suppose that they reached their 
homeland in safety, since they fared wretchedly 
after their retreat from Delphi and, because of 
their dissensions, were scattered, some in one direc- 
tion, others in another. But, as has been said 
both by Poseidonius and several others, since the 
country was rich in gold, and also belonged to people 
who were god-fearing and not extravagant in their 
ways of living, it came to have treasures in many 
places in Celtica; but it was the lakes, most of all, 
that afforded the treasures their inviolability, into 
which the people let down heavy masses of silver or 
even of gold. At all events, the Romans, after they 


207 


C 189 


STRABO 


δ / , x A 7 \ 
Tas λίμνας δημοσίᾳ, Kal τῶν ὠνησαμένων πολλοὶ 
/ Φ ἴω ἴω 
μύλους εὗρον σφυρηλάτους ἀργυροῦς. ἐν δὲ τῇ 
΄ \ \ , A 
Τολώσσῃ καὶ τὸ ἱερὸν ἣν ἅγιον, τιμώμενον σφόδρα 
\ “ , x fe / 
ὑπὸ TOV περιοίκων, Kal τὰ χρήματα ἐπλεόνασε 
\ ἴω an 3 \ \ 
διὰ τοῦτο, πολλῶν ἀνατιθέντων Kal μηδενὸς προσ- 
/ ἴω 
ἄπτεσθαι θαρροῦντος. 
7 a Ν , 
14. “Idputat δ᾽ ἡ 'Γολῶσσα κατὰ τὸ στενότατον 
fou aed n n , A 
τοῦ ἰσθμοῦ τοῦ διείργοντος ἀπὸ τῆς κατὰ Νάρβωνα 
θ x / Ν 3 ῇ “ 1 II ὃ / 
αλάττης τὸν ὠκεανόν, ὅν! φησι ἸΠ]οσειδώνιος 
> / lal / μά 7 ’ b) \ 
ἐλάττω τῶν τρισχιλίων σταδίων. ἄξιον δ᾽ ἀντὶ 
/ / 
πάντων ἐπισημήνασθαι πάλιν ὅπερ εἴπομεν πρό- 
\ ς , AS , ’ \ 
τερον, τὴν ὁμολογίαν τῆς χώρας πρὸς TE τοὺς 
\ \ ΕῚ \ δ VA 
ποταμοὺς Kal τὴν θάλατταν THY τ᾽ ἐκτὸς ὁμοίως 
\ / 7 if 
Kal τὴν ἐντός" εὕροι yap ἄν τις ἐπιστήσας οὐκ 
3 ΄ / a an an le 
ἐλάχιστον μέρος τοῦθ᾽ ὑπάρχον τῆς τῶν τόπων 
2 a / \ \ \ ΄ > J \ 
ἀρετῆς, λέγω δὲ TO τὰς χρείας ἐπιπλέκεσθαι τὰς 
A 7 \ U \ 
τοῦ βίου μετὰ ῥᾳστώνης ἅπασι πρὸς ἅπαντας καὶ 
Ν ’ - > an re / x nN 
Tas ὠφελείας ἀνεῖσθαι κοινάς, μάλιστα δὲ νῦν, 
ees ” \ τ \ an eo 3 ΄ 
ἡνίκα ἄγοντες σχολὴν ἀπὸ τῶν ὅπλων ἐργάζονται 
\ , lal / 
τὴν χώραν ἐπιμελῶς, Kal τοὺς βίους κατασκευά- 
\ an if δ 
ζονται πολιτικούς. ὥστε ἐπὶ τῶν τοιούτων κἂν 
ΑΝ a / “ / 3 
τὸ τῆς προνοίας ἔργον ἐπιμαρτυρεῖσθαί τις ἂν 
/ > ¢ ” 2 ae Ke Ἃ \ 
δόξειεν, οὐχ ὅπως ἔτυχεν, GAN ὡς ἂν μετὰ λογι- 
la Ἢ la la ς , 
σμοῦ τινος, διακειμένων TOV τόπων. ὁ μέν γε 
ξ \ / ” \ 3 / \ A 
Podavos πολύν Te ἔχει τὸν ἀνάπλουν καὶ μεγάλοις 
, \ J al 7 \ \ 
φορτίοις καὶ ἐπὶ πολλὰ μέρη τῆς χώρας διὰ TO 


1 ὅν, Xylander, for ὡς ; so the later editors. 


RAP, 2 The ocean. 
208 


Φ 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 13-14 


mastered the regions, sold the lakes for the public 
treasury, and many of the buyers found in them 
hammered mill-stones of silver. And, in Tolosa, 
the temple too was hallowed, since it was very much 
revered by the inhabitants of the surrounding 
country, and on this account the treasures there 
were excessive, for numerous people had dedicated 
them and no one dared to lay hands on them. 

14. Tolosa is situated on the narrowest part of the 
isthmus which separates the ocean from the sea that 
is at Narbo, which isthmus, according to Poseidonius 
is less than three thousand stadia in width. But it is 
above all worth while to note again a characteristic 
of this region which I have spoken of before 1— 
the harmonious arrangement of the country with 
reference, not only to the rivers, but also to the 
sea, alike both the outer sea? and the inner; for 
one might find, if he set his thoughts upon the 
matter, that this is not the least factor in the 
excellence of the regions—I mean the fact that 
the necessities of life are with ease interchanged by 
every one with every one else and that the advantages 
which have arisen therefrom are common to all; but 
especially so at present, when being at leisure from 
the weapons of war, the people are tilling the countiy 
diligently, and are devising for themselves modes of 
life that are civil. Therefore, in the cases of this 
sort, one might believe that there is confirmatory 
evidence for the workings of Providence, since 
the regions are laid out, not in a fortuitous way, 
but as though in accordance with some calculated 
plan. In the first place, the voyage which the 
Rhodanus affords inland is a considerable one, even 
for vessels of great burden, and reaches numerous 


209 
VOL. Il. Pp 


STRABO 


TOUS ἐμπίπτοντας εἰς αὐτὸν ποταμοὺς ὑπάρχειν 
πλωτοὺς καὶ διαδέχεσθαι τὸν φόρτον πλεῖστον. 0 
δ᾽ "Apap ἐκδέχεται καὶ ὁ Δοῦβις ὁ εἰς τοῦτον 
ἐμβάλλων, εἶτα πεζεύεται μέχρι τοῦ Σηκοάνα πο- 
ταμοῦ, κἀντεῦθεν ἤδη καταφέρεται εἰς τὸν ὠκεανὸν 
καὶ τοὺς Ληξοβίους καὶ Καλέτους,᾿ ἐκ δὲ τούτων 
εἰς τὴν Βρεττανικὴν. ἐλάττων ἢ ἡμερήσιος δρόμος 
ἐστίν. ἐπεὶ δ᾽ ἐστὶν ὀξὺς καὶ δυσανάπλους ὁ 
Ῥοδανός, τινὰ τῶν ἐντεῦθεν φορτίων πεζεύεται 
μᾶλλον ταῖς ἁρμαμάξαις, ὅσα εἰς ᾿Αρουέρνους κο- 
μίζεται καὶ τὸν Λείγηρα ποταμόν, καίπερ τοῦ 
Ῥοδανοῦ καὶ τούτοις πλησιάζοντος ἐκ μέρους" 
ἀλλ᾽ ἡ ὁδὸς πεδιὰς οὖσα καὶ οὐ πολλή, περὶ ὀκτα- 
κοσίους σταδίους, ἐπάγεται μὴ χρήσασθαι τῷ 
ἀνάπλῳ διὰ τὸ πεζεύεσθαι ῥᾷον' ἐντεῦθεν δ᾽ 

Λείγηρ εὐφυῶς ἐκδέχεται" ῥεῖ δὲ ἐκ τῶν Κεμμένων 
εἰς τὸν ὠκεανόν. ἐκ δὲ Νάρβωνος ἀναπλεῖται μὲν 
ἐπὶ μικρὸν τῷ "Ἄτακι, πεζεύεται δὲ πλέον ἐπὶ τὸν 
Γαρούναν ποταμόν, καὶ τοῦθ᾽ ὅσον ὀκτακοσίων ἢ 
ἑπτακοσίων σταδίων ῥεῖ δὲ καὶ ὁ Lapovvas εἰς 
τὸν ὠκεανόν. ταῦτα μὲν ὑπὲρ τῶν νεμομένων τὴν 
Ναρβωνῖτιν ἐπικράτειαν λέγομεν, οὺς οἱ πρότερον 
Κέλτας ὠνόμαζον" ἀπὸ τούτων δ᾽ οἶμαι καὶ τοὺς 
σύμπαντας Ταλάτας Κελτοὺς ὑπὸ τῶν ᾿Ελλήνων 


1 Καλέτους, Xylander, for ὑαδέτους, editors following. 


1 The former lived south, the latter north, of the mouth of 
the Sequana. 

2 Apparently from the Rhodanus, at its confluence with 
the Arar, at Lugdunum (Lyon). 

3 The Rhone for some distance runs as close as thirty miles 
to the Loire (Liger) ; the Arvernians lived still farther west. 
But there seems to have been no convenient way here to 
transfer merchandise to the Loire. 


210 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. τ. 14 


parts of the country, on account of the fact that the 
rivers which fall into it are navigable, and in their 
turns receive most of the traffic. Secondly, the 
Rhodanus is succeeded by the Arar, and by the 
Dubis (which empties into the Arar); then the traffic 
goes by land as far as the Sequana River; and thence 
it begins its voyage down to the ocean, and to the 
Lexobii and Caleti;! and from these peoples it 
is less than a day’s run to Britain. But since the 
Rhodanus is swift and difficult to sail up, some of 
the traffic from here ? preferably goes by land on the 
wagons, that is, all the traffic that is conveyed to the 
Arvernians and the Liger River—albeit in a part of 
its course the Rhodanus draws close to these also ; 8 
still, the fact that the road is level and not long 
(about eight hundred stadia)+ is an inducement 
not to use the voyage upstream,° since it is easier 
to go by land; from here, however, the road is 
naturally succeeded by the Liger; and it flows from 
the Cemmenus Mountain to the ocean. Thirdly, 
from Narbo traffic goes inland for a short distance 
by the Atax River, and then a greater distance by 
land to the Garumna River; and this latter distance 
is about eight hundred or seven hundred stadia. 
And the Garumna, too, flows to the ocean. ‘This, 
then, is what I have to say about the people who in- 
habit the dominion of Narbonitis, whom the men of 
former times named “ Celtae’’; and it was from the 
Celtae, I think, that the Galatae as a whole were by 


4 About the distance from Lyon to Bourbon-Lancy on the 
Loire ; but it is by no means certain what terminal Strabo 
had in mind. 

5 That is, up the Arar, following the first route above- 
mentioned to the ocean. 


211 


C 190 


STRABO 


προσαγορευθῆναι, διὰ τὴν ἐπιφάνειαν ἢ ἢ καὶ προσ- 
λαβόντων πρὸς τοῦτο καὶ τῶν Μασσαλιωτῶν 
διὰ τὸ πλησιόχωρον. 


IJ 


1. “Ἑξῆς δὲ περὶ τῶν ᾿Ακουιτανῶν λεκτέον Kal 
τῶν προσωρισμένων αὐτοῖς ἐθνῶν τεσσαρεσκαί- 
δεκα Ἰ᾿αλατικῶν τῶν μεταξὺ τοῦ Tapovva κατοι- 
κούντων καὶ τοῦ Λείγηρος, ὧν ἔνια ἐπιλαμβάνει 
καὶ τῆς τοῦ Ῥοδανοῦ ποταμίας καὶ τῶν πεδίων 
τῶν κατὰ τὴν Ναρβωνῖτιν. ἁπλῶς γὰρ εἰπεῖν, 
οἱ ᾿Ακουιτανοὶ διαφέρουσι τοῦ Γαλατικοῦ φύλου 
κατά τε τὰς τῶν σωμάτων κατασκευὰς καὶ κατὰ 
τὴν γλῶτταν, ἐοίκασι δὲ μᾶλλον Ἴβηρσιν. ὁρί- 
ζονται δὲ τῷ Tapovwva ποταμῷ, ἐντὸς τούτου καὶ 
τῆς Πυρήνης οἰκοῦντες. ἔστι δὲ ἔθνη τῶν ᾿Ακουι- 
τανῶν πλείω μὲν τῶν εἴκοσι, μικρὰ δὲ καὶ ἄδοξα, 
τὰ πολλὰ μὲν παρωκεανιτικά, τὰ δὲ εἰς τὴν 
μεσόγαιαν καὶ τὰ ἄκρα τῶν Κεμμένων ὀρῶν μέχρι 
Τεκτοσάγων ἀνέχοντα. ἐπειδὴ δὲ μικρὰ μερὶς 
ἣν ἡ τοσαύτη, προσέθεσαν καὶ τὴν μεταξὺ τοῦ 
Γαρούνα καὶ τοῦ Λείγηρος. παράλληλοι δέ πώς 
εἰσιν οἱ ποταμοὶ τῇ Πυρήνῃ καὶ δύο ποιοῦσι 
παραλληλόγραμμα πρὸς αὐτὴν χωρία, ὁριξόμενα 
κατὰ τὰς ἄλλας πλευρὰς τῷ τε ὠκεανῷ καὶ τοῖς 
Κεμμένοις ὄρεσι" δισχιλίων δ᾽ ὁμοῦ σταδίων 
ἐστὶν ὁ πλοῦς ἑκατέρων τῶν ποταμῶν. ἐκβάλλει 
δ᾽ ὁ μὲν Tapovvas τρισὶ ποταμοῖς αὐξηθεὶς εἰς τὸ 


1 For the purposes of administration. 
2 Sp Seok ML 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 1. 14-2. 1 


the Greeks called “ Celti’’—on account of the fame 
of the Celtae, or it may also be that the Massiliotes, 
as well as other Greek neighbours, contributed to 
this result, on account of their proximity. 


II 


1. Next, I must discuss the Agquitani, and the 
tribes which have been included within their bound- 
aries,! namely, the fourteen Galatic tribes which 
inhabit the country between the Garumna and the 
Liger, some of which reach even to the river-land of 
the Rhone and to the plains of Narbonitis. For, 
speaking in a general way, the Aquitani differ from 
the Galatic race in the build of their bodies as 
well as in their speech; that is, they are more like 
the Iberians.2. Their country is bounded by the 
Garumna River, since they live between this and 
the Pyrenees. There are more than twenty tribes 
of the Aquitani, but they are small and lacking in 
repute; the majority of the tribes live along the 
ocean, while the others reach up into the interior 
and to the summits? of the Cemmenus Mountains, 
as far as the Tectosages. But since a country of 
this size was only a small division, they* added to 
it the country which is between the Garumna and 
the Liger. These rivers are approximately parallel 
to the Pyrenees and form with the Pyrenees two 
parallelograms, since they are bounded on their 
other sides by the ocean and the Cemmenus Moun- 
tains. And the voyage on either of the rivers is, 
all told, two thousand stadia. The Garumna, after 
being increased by the waters of three rivers, dis- 


2 Not ‘‘extremities” (cp. Ta ἄκρα 4. 6. 7). 
4 The Romans. 


213 


STRABO 


μεταξὺ Βιτουρίγων te τῶν Οὐιβίσκων 1 ἐπικα- 
λουμένων καὶ Σαντόνων, ἀμφοτέρων Varatixav 
a “a / 
ἐθνῶν" μόνον yap δὴ τὸ τῶν Βιτουρίγων τούτων 
ἔθνος ἐν τοῖς ᾿Ακουιτανοῖς ἀλλόφυλον ἵδρυται, 
καὶ οὐ συντελεῖ αὐτοῖς, ἔχει δὲ ἐμπόριον Βουρδί- 
4 , ἃ A 
γαλα ἐπικείμενον λιμνοθαλάττῃ τινί, ἣν ποιοῦσιν 
ς 3 \ a lf) ς \ , \ 
αἱ ἐκβολαὶ τοῦ ποταμοῦ. o δὲ Aevynp μεταξὺ 
Πικτόνων τε καὶ Ναμνιτῶν ἐκβάλλει. πρότερον 
δὲ Κορβιλὼν ὑπῆρχεν ἐμπόριον ἐπὶ τούτῳ τῷ 
ποταμῷ, περὶ HS εἴρηκε Πολύβιος, μνησθεὶς τῶν 
ὑπὸ Πυθέου μυθολογηθέντων, ὅτι Μασσαλιωτῶν 
μὲν τῶν συμμιξάντων Σκιπίωνι οὐδεὶς εἶχε λέγειν 
οὐδὲν μνήμης ἄξιον, ἐρωτηθεὶς ὑπὸ τοῦ Σκιπίωνος 
\ an “ δὲ la > 7 ἡδὲ 
περὶ τῆς Βρεττανικῆς, οὐδὲ τῶν ἐκ Νάρβωνος οὐδὲ 
τῶν ἐκ ἹΚΚορβιλώνος, αἵπερ ἦσαν ἄρισται πόλεις 
A / 3. / δ᾽ 2 iA le) ΄ 
τῶν ταύτῃ," Πυθέας δ᾽ ἐθάρρησε τοσαῦτα wWev- 
an \ , ΄ 3 \ 

σασθαι. τῶν δὲ Σαντόνων πόλις ἐστὶ Μεδιο- 
λάνιον. ἔστι δ᾽ ἡ μὲν παρωκεανῖτις τῶν ᾿ΑΆκουι- 
τανῶν ἀμμώδης ἡ πλείστη καὶ λεπτή, κέγχρῳ 
τρέφουσα, τοῖς δὲ ἄλλοις καρποῖς ἀφορωτέρα" 
ἐνταῦθα δ᾽ ἐστὶ καὶ ὁ κόλπος ὁ ποιῶν τὸν ἰσθμὸν 
πρὸς τὸν ἐν τῇ Ναρβωνίτιδι παραλίᾳ Γαλατικὸν 
κόλπον, ὁμώνυμος ἐκείνῳ καὶ αὐτός. ἔχουσι δὲ 
Τάρβελλοι τὸν κόλπον, map ois ἐστι TA χρυσεῖα 
σπουδαιότατα πάντων' ἐν γὰρ βόθροις ὀρυχθεῖσιν 
ἐπὶ μικρὸν εὑρίσκονται καὶ χειροπληθεῖς χρυσίου 
πλάκες, ἔσθ᾽ ὅτε μικρᾶς ἀποκαθάρσεως δεόμεναι. 


1 Οὐιβίσκων, Xylander, for Ἰόσκων; so Corais, Groskurd, 
and Forbiger. Ptolemaeus (2. 7.5) says ““ Οὐιβίσκοι," and 
Pliny (4. 33) ‘‘ Vivisci.” 

2 ταύτῃ, Corais, for ταύτης ; so the later editors. 


214 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 2. 1 


charges its waters into the region that is between 
those Bituriges that are surnamed “ Vivisci” and 
the Santoni—both of them Galatic tribes; for the 
tribe of these Bituriges is the only tribe of different 
race that is situated among the Aquitani; and it does 
not pay tribute to them, though it has an emporium, 
Burdigala, which is situated on a lagoon that is 
formed by the outlets of the river. The Liger, 
however, discharges its waters between the Pictones 
and the Namnitae. Formerly there was an em- 
porium on this river, called Corbilo, with respect 
to which Polybius, calling to mind the fabulous 
stories of Pytheas, has said: “ Although no one of 
all the Massiliotes who conversed with Scipio! was 
able, when questioned by Scipio about Britain, to 
tell anything worth recording, nor yet any one of 
the people from Narbo or of those from Corbilo, 
though these were the best of all the cities in that 
country, still Pytheas had the hardihood to tell all 
those falsehoods about Britain.” The city of the 
Santoni, however, is Mediolanium. Now the most 
of the ocean-coast of the Aquitani is sandy and 
thin-soiled, thus growing millet, but it is rather un- 
productive in respect of the other products. Here 
too is the gulf which, along with that Galatic Gulf 
which is within the coastline of Narbonitis, forms the 
isthmus (itself too, like the latter gulf, having the 
name “Galatic’’). The gulf is held by the Tarbelli, 
in whose land the gold mines are most important of 
all; for in pits dug only to a slight depth they find 
slabs of gold as big as the hand can hold, which at 
times require but little refining ; but the rest is gold 


1 Tt is not known to which member of the Cornelian gens 
Strabo refers ; probably Africanus Major. 
215 


Ο 191 


STRABO 


τὸ δὲ λοιπὸν ψῆγμά ἐστι καὶ βῶλοι, καὶ αὗται 
κατεργασίαν οὐ πολλὴν ἔχουσαι. ἡ δὲ μεσόγειος 
καὶ ὀρεινὴ βελτίω γῆν ἔχει, πρὸς μὲν TH Πυρήνῃ 
τὴν τῶν Κωνουενῶν, 61 ἐστι συγκλύδων," ἐν 
πόλις Λούγδουνον καὶ τὰ τῶν ᾿Ονησιῶν ὃ θερμὰ 
κάλλιστα ποτιμωτάτου ὕδατος" καλὴ δὲ καὶ 
ἡ τῶν Δὐσκίων.3 

2. Τὰ δὲ μεταξὺ τοῦ Γαρούνα καὶ τοῦ Λείγηρος 
ἔθνη τὰ προσκείμενα τοῖς ᾿Ακουντανοῖς ἐστιν 
᾿Ελουοὶ μὲν ἀπὸ τοῦ Ῥοδανοῦ τὴν ἀρχὴν ἔχοντες" 
Οὐελλάϊοι δὲ μετὰ τούτους, οἱ πιροσωρίζοντό ποτε 
᾿Αρουέρνοις, νῦν δὲ τάττονται καθ᾽ ἑαυτούς" εἶτα 
᾿Αρούερνοι καὶ Λεμοουίκες ὃ καὶ Ἰ]ετροκόριοι" 
πρὸς δὲ τούτοις Νιτιόβριγες καὶ ἹΚαδοῦρκοι καὶ 
Βιτούριγες οἱ Κοῦβοι καλούμενοι: πρὸς δὲ τῷ 
ὠκεανῷ Σάντονοί τε καὶ ΤΠίκτονες, οἱ μὲν τῷ Ια- 
ρούνᾳ παροικοῦντες, ὡς εἴπομεν, οἱ δὲ τῷ Λεί- 
γηρι. Ῥουτηνοὶ δὲ καὶ Γαβαλεῖς τῇ Ναρβωνίτιδι 
πλησιάζουσι. παρὰ μὲν οὖν τοῖς ἹΠετροκορίοις 
σιδηρουργεῖά ἐστιν ἀστεῖα καὶ τοῖς Κούβοις 
BetovpiEt, παρὰ δὲ τοῖς ἹΚαδούρκοις λινουργίαι, 


2239 


a 


1 §, Corais inserts ; so the later editors. 

2 For συγκλύδων Corais reads συνηλύδων; Meineke follow- 
ing. But the text is right. 

3 Xylander, comparing Pliny 4. 33, conjectures Μονησίων, 
for ᾿᾽Ονησιῶν. 

4 Αὐσκίων, Xylander, for Ψαυσκίων ; so the later editors. 

© Aewoovixes, Xylander, for Λεμοθρίκες ; so the later editors. 

1 The ‘‘Convenae” seem to have been refugees from the 
army of Sertorius, whom Pompey generously assembled. 
together in the territory in question; their city, to which 
Strabo refers in this passage, was called ‘‘ Lugdunum Con- 
venarum ” (to-day, St. Bertrand de Comminges). 


216 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 2. 1-2 


dust and nuggets, the nuggets too requiring no great 
amount of working. The interior and mountainous 
country, however, has better soil: first, next to the 
Pyrenees, the country of the “ Convenae”’ (that is, 
“assembled rabble’’),1 in which are the city of Lug- 
dunum and the hot springs of the Onesii 2—most 
beautiful springs of most potable waters; and, 
secondly, the country of the Auscii also has good 
soil. 

2. Those tribes between the Garumna and the 
Liger that belong to Aquitania are, first, the Elui, 
whose territory begins at the Rhodanus, and then, 
after them, the Vellavii, who were once included 
within the boundaries of the Arverni, though they 
are now ranked as autonomous ;? then the Arverni, 
the Lemovices, and the Petrocorii; and, next to 
these, the Nitiobriges, the Cadurci, and _ those 
Bituriges that are called “ Cubi” ;4 and, next to the 
ocean, both the Santoni and the Pictones, the former 
living along the Garumna, as I have said, the latter 
along the Liger; but the Ruteni and the Gabales 
closely approach Narbonitis. Now among the 
Petrocorii there are fine iron-works, and also among 
the Bituriges Cubi; among the Cadurci, linen 

2 A people otherwise unknown. 

3 Literally ‘‘ranked according to themselves.” A com- 
parison of 4. 1. 5 (where Strabo speaks specifically of the 
“autonomy” of the Massiliotes), 4. 1. 12, 4. 6. 4, and the 
above passage, clearly indicates that the Volcae Arecomisci, 
the Vellavii, and the Vocontii, were granted a form of 
autonomy by the Romans—one of the special privileges of 
that rank being that they were “‘not subject to the orders 


of the praetors who are sent out from Rome” (4. 1. 12). 
Cp. also the government of Messenia under Melanthus 


(8. 4. 1). 
4 As distinguished from the ‘‘ Vivisci” (§ 1 above). 


21. 


STRABO 


Υ Ν Ν a id n 5) a ” Ὰ ’ 
παρὰ δὲ τοῖς “Poutnvois ἀργυρεῖα: ἔχουσι ὃ 
3 γι \ € ΓΤ a 5 ὃ i δὲ Δ ,, 1 
ἀργυρεῖα καὶ οἱ Ταβαλεῖς. δεδώκασι δὲ Λάτιον 
Ῥωμαῖοι καὶ τῶν ᾿Ακουιτανῶν τισι, καθάπερ 
Αὐσκίοις καὶ ἹΚωνουέναις. 
a 7 
3. ᾿Αρούερνοι δὲ ἵδρυνται μὲν ἐπὶ τῷ Λείγηρι" 
, ἴω an 
μητρόπολις δ᾽ αὐτῶν ἐστι Νεμωσσὸς ἐπὶ τῷ 
lal / \ 
ποταμῷ κειμένη. ῥυεὶς δ᾽ οὗτος παρὰ Κήναβον, 
τὸ τῶν Καρνούτων ἐμπόριον κατὰ μέσον που τὸν 
πλοῦν συνοικούμενον, ἐκβάλλει πρὸς τὸν ὠκεανόν. 
a a , / 
τῆς δυνάμεως δὲ τῆς πρότερον ᾿Δρούερνοι μέγα 
/ 
τεκμήριον παρέχονται τὸ πολλάκις πολεμῆσαι 
πρὸς Ρωμαίους τοτὲ μὲν μυριάσιν εἴκοσι, πάλιν 
δὲ διπλασίαις. τοσαύταις γὰρ πρὸς Καίσαρα 
VA 
τὸν Θεὸν διηγωνίσαντο μετὰ Οὐερκιγγετόριγος, 
/ N \ y “i / ἊΝ > 
πρότερον δὲ Kal εἴκοσι πρὸς Μάξιμον tov Atp- 
Δ \ \ iA Sse /, > , 
λιανόν, καὶ πρὸς Δομήτιον δ᾽ ὡσαύτως᾽ AnvoBapBov. 
πρὸς μὲν οὖν Καίσαρα περί te Vepyooviav, πόλιν 
la 3 / 3... ς n " 7 
τῶν ᾿Αρουέρνων, ἐφ᾽ ὑψηλοῦ ὄρους κειμένην, 
συνέστησαν οἱ ἀγῶνες, ἐξ ἧς ἣν ὁ Οὐερκιγγέτοριξ' 
καὶ περὶ ᾿Αλησίαν πόλιν Μανδουβίων," ἔθνους 
ὁμόρου τοῖς ᾿Αρουέρνοις, καὶ ταύτην ἐφ᾽ ὑψηλοῦ 
λόφου κειμένην, περιεχομένην δ᾽ ὄρεσι καὶ ποτα- 
μοῖς δυσίν, ἐ ἐν ἡ καὶ ἑάλω ὁ ἡγεμὼν καὶ ὁ πόλεμος 
τέλος ἔσχε' πρὸς δὲ Μάξιμον Αἰμιλιανὸν κατὰ 
Μ n 7 n “ 
τὴν συμβολὴν τοῦ τ᾽ Ἴσαρος καὶ τοῦ “Podavod, 


1 Λάτιον, Corais, for Λατίνιον ; so the later editors. 
2 MavdovBiwy, Xylander, for Μανδιβούλων ; so the later 
editors. 


1 See § 12 above, and footnote. 
2 “Nemossus” is otherwise unknown. If the name is 
correct, it is apparently an earlier name for what was later 


218 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 2. 2-3 


factories; among the Ruteni, silver mines; and the 
Gabales, also, have silver mines. The Romans have 
given the “ Latin right” + to certain of the Aquitani 
just as they have done in the case of the Auscii and 
the Convenae. 

3. The Arverni are situated on the Liger; their 
metropolis is Nemossus,? a city situated on the Liger. 
This river, after flowing past Cenabum (the emporium 
of the Carnutes at about the middle of the voyage,’ 
an emporium that is jointly peopled),* discharges its 
waters towards the ocean. As for their former power, 
the Arverni hold out as a great proof thereof the 
fact that they oftentimes warred against the Romans, 
at times with two hundred thousand men, and again, 
with double that number—with double that number, 
for example, when they, with Vercingetorix, struggled 
to a finish against the Deified Caesar; and, before 
that, also, with two hundred thousand against 
Maximus Aemilianus, and also, in like manner, 
against Dometius® Ahenobarbus. Now the struggles 
against Caesar took place near Gergovia (a city of 
the Arverni, situated on a high mountain), where 
Vercingetorix was born, and also near Alesia (a city 
of the Mandubii—a tribe which has a common 
boundary with the Arverni—and this city too is 
situated on a high hill, although it is surrounded by 
mountains and two rivers), in which not only the 
commander was captured but the war had its end. 
But the struggles against Maximus Aemilianus took 
place at the confluence of the Isar and the Rhodanus, 
called ‘‘ Augustonemetum” (now Clermont-Ferrand), the city 
of the Arverni mentioned by Ptolemaeus (2. 7. 12). 

3 From Augustonemetum to the outlets of the river. 


4 By both natives and Romans. 
> More commonly spelled ‘‘ Domitius.” 


219 


Ο 192 


STRABO 


καθ᾽ ἣν καὶ TO Κέμμενον ὄρος πλησιάζει τῷ ῬΣ 
dave’ πρὸς δὲ Δομήτιον κατωτέρω ἔτι κατὰ τὴν 
συμβολὴν τοῦ τε Σούχγα καὶ τοῦ “Ῥοδανοῦ. διέ- 
τειναν δὲ τὴν ἀρχὴν οἱ ᾿Αρούερνοι καὶ μέχρι 
Νάρβωνος καὶ τῶν ὅρων τῆς Μασσαλιώτιδος, 
ἐκράτουν δὲ καὶ τῶν μέχρι Πυρήνης ἐθνῶν καὶ 
μέχρι ὠκεανοῦ καὶ Ῥήνου. Βιτυΐτου δέ, τοῦ 
πρὸς τὸν Μάξιμον καὶ τὸν Δομήτιον πολεμήσαντος, 
ὁ πατὴρ Λουέριος τοσοῦτον πλούτῳ λέγεται καὶ 
τρυφῇ ὀἰεμδγκεῶν, ὥστε ποτὲ ἐπίδειξ ιν ποιούμενος 
τοῖς φίλοις ξ τῆς εὐπορίας ἐπ᾽ ἀπήνης φέρεσθαι 
διὰ πεδίου, χρυσοῦ νόμισμα καὶ ἀργύρου δεῦρο 
κἀκεῖσε διασπείρων, ὥστε συλλέγειν ἐκείνους 
ἀκολουθοῦντας. 


Ill 


i. Mera δὲ τὴν ᾽Α κουιτανὴν μερίδα καὶ τὴν Nap- 
βωνῖτιν ἡ ἐφεξῆς ἐστι μέχρι τοῦ “Ῥήνου παντὸς 
ἀπὸ τοῦ Λείγηρος ποταμοῦ καὶ τοῦ Ῥοδανοῦ, καθ᾽ 
ὃ συνάπτει πρὸς τὸ Λούγδουνον ἀπὸ τῆς πηγῆς 
κατενεχθεὶς ὁ ὁ “Ῥοδανός. ταύτης δὲ τῆς χώρας τὰ 
μὲν ἄνω “μέρη τὰ πρὸς ταῖς πηγαῖς τῶν ποταμῶν, 
τοῦ τε Ῥήνου καὶ τοῦ “Podavod, μέχρι μέσων 
σχεδόν τι τῶν πεδίων ὑπὸ τῷ Λουγδούνῳ τέτα- 


1 Βιτυΐτου, Corais, for Βιτίτου ; so the later editors. 
2 For φίλοις, Corais, conjectures ὄχλοις ; A. Jacob, φύλοις. 


1 According to the Greek text, ‘‘his followers” would 
naturally refer to ‘‘his friends.” But Athenaeus (4. 37) 
quotes Poseidonius, who was probably Strabo’s authority for 
the incident, as saying, ‘‘ Luerius, in his effort to win the 


220 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 2. 3-3. 1 


where the Cemmenus Mountain approaches closely 
the Rhodanus; and against Dometius Ahenobarbus, 
at a place still lower down the Rhodanus, at the 
confluence of the Sulgas and the Rhodanus. Again, 
the Arverni not only had extended their empire as 
far as Narbo and the boundaries of Massiliotis, but 
they were also masters of the tribes as far as the 
Pyrenees, and as far as the ocean and the Rhenus. 
Luerius, the father of the Bituitus who warred 
against Maximus and Dometius, is said to have been 
so exceptionally rich and extravagant that once, 
when making a display of his opulence to his friends, 
he rode on a carriage through a plain, scattering gold 
and silver coins here and there, for his followers to 
pick up.} 


ἘΠῚ 


1. The country next in order after the Aquitanian 
division 2 and Narbonitis 5 reaches as far as the whole 
of the Rhenus, extending from the Liger River and 
also from the Rhodanus at the point where the 
Rhodanus, after it runs down from its source, touches 
Lugdunum. Now of this country the upper parts 
that are next to the sources of the rivers (the Rhenus 
and the Rhodanus), extending as far, approximately, 
as the centre of the plains, have been classified under 


favour of the crowds, rode on a carriage through the plains 
and scattered gold and silver to the hosts of the Celts which 
followed him.” Corais, by a slight emendation (see critical 
note on opposite page), conjectures ‘‘crowds” for ‘‘ friends,” 
thus harmonizing the account with that of Athenaeus. The 
conjecture of A. Jacob, however, of ‘‘ troops” for ‘‘ friends ”’ is 

more plausible, on textual as well as on contextual grounds. 
2 Gallia Aquitanica. 8 Gallia Narbonensis. 
aor 


STRABO 


\ \ \ \ Ne UC pata Shi 
κται, τὰ δὲ λοιπὰ καὶ TAPWKEAVITLKA ὑπ᾽ ἄλλῃ 
ἃ / / 
τέτακται μερίδι, ἣν ἰδίως Βέλγαις προσνέμουσιν' 
rn ¢ / 
ἡμεῖς δὲ κοινότερον τὰ καθ᾽ ἕκαστα δηλώσομεν. 

2, Αὐτὸ “μὲν δὴ τὸ Λούγδουνον, ἐκτισμένον ὑπὸ 
λόφῳ κατὰ “τὴν συμβολὴν τοῦ τε Δραρος τοῦ 
ποταμοῦ καὶ τοῦ Podavod, κατέχουσι Ῥωμαῖοι. 
εὐανδρεῖ δὲ μάλιστα τῶν ἄλλων πλὴν Νάρβωνος" 
καὶ γὰρ ἐμπορίῳ χρῶνται, καὶ τὸ νόμισμα χαράτ- 
τουσιν ἐνταῦθα τό τε ἀργυροῦν καὶ τὸ χρυσοῦν οἱ 
τῶν Ῥωμαίων ἡγεμόνες. τό τε ἱερὸν τὸ ἀναδει- 
χθὲν ὑπὸ πάντων κοινῇ τῶν Γαλατῶν ΚΚαίσαρι 

a fal 7 n 
τῷ Σεβαστῷ πρὸ ταύτης ἵδρυται Ths πόλεως ἐπὶ 
τῇ συμβολῇ τῶν TOT AMO" ἔστι δὲ βωμὸς ἀξιό- 
λόγος ἐπιγραφὴν ἔχων TOY ἐθνῶν ἑξήκοντα τὸν 
ἀριθμὸν καὶ εἰκόνες τούτων ἑκάστου μία, oe ἄλλος 
μέγας. προκάθηται δὲ τοῦ ἔθνους τοῦ Xnyoat- 

a loud A 
αυῶν ἡ πόλις αὕτη, κειμένου μεταξὺ τοῦ Ῥοδανοῦ 

\ n 7 \ 3 Chen BA \ , 
καὶ τοῦ Δούβιος" τὰ δ᾽ ἑξῆς ἔθνη τὰ συντείνοντα 

Ἂς \ ς n x \ Ὁ \ n vf ¢ 7 
πρὸς τὸν Ῥῆνον, τὰ μὲν ὑπὸ τοῦ Δούβιος ὁρίζεται, 

av @ 5 
τὼ δ᾽ ὑπὸ τοῦ Ἄραρος. οὗτοι μὲν οὖν, ws εἴρηται 
πρότερον, ἀπὸ τῶν ᾿Αλπεων καὶ αὐτοὶ κατενε- 
ἃ lal 4 Ν 
χθέντες, ἔπειτ᾽ εἰς Ev ῥεῖθρον συμπεσόντες εἰς τὸν 
«ς \ / ” bate J , ς / >’ 
Podavov καταφέρονται" ἄλλος δ᾽ ἐστίν, ὁμοίως ἐν 


1 ἄλλος μέγας, C. Μάϊον emends to ἄλλη Σεβαστοῦ; 
Meineke reads ἄλλος [ἀνδριὰς] μέγας. 

2 Σηγοσιαυῶν, the reading of C (see note 3 on p. 198, 
and Holmes, Caesar’s Conquest of Gaul, p. 848). 

3 κειμένου, Xylander, for κειμένη ; So ‘the later editors. 


1 Gallia Lugdunensis. 2. Gallia Belgica. 

3 As Strabo has already said, it was not political divisions 
(here the divisions of Lugdunensis and Belgica), but physical 
and ethnic distinctions that geographers treated in detail, 


222 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 3. 1-2 


Lugdunum ;! whereas the remaining parts, including 
the parts along the ocean, have been classified under 
another division, I mean that division which is 
specifically assigned to the Belgae.2 As for me, 
however, I shall point out the separate parts in a 
rather general way.? 

2. Lugdunum itself, then, (a city founded at the 
foot of a hill at the confluence of the River Arar and 
the Rhodanus), is occupied by the Romans. And it 
is the most populous of all the cities of Celtica except 
Narbo; for not only do people use it as an emporium, 
but the Roman governors coin their money there, 
both the silver and the gold. Again, the temple 
that was dedicated to Caesar Augustus by all the 
Galatae in common is situated in front of this city at 
the junction of the rivers. And in it is a note- 
worthy altar, bearing an inscription of the names 
of the tribes, sixty in number; and also images 
from these tribes, one from each tribe, and also 
another large altar.t The city of Lugdunum pre- 
sides over the tribe of the Segusiavi, which tribe 
is situated between the Rhodanus and the Dubis. 
The tribes that come next in order after the 
Segusiavi, I mean those which together stretch 
towards the Rhenus, are bounded partly by the Dubis 
and partly by the Arar. Now these rivers too, as I 
have said before,° first run down from the Alps, and 
then, falling into one stream, run down into the 
Rhodanus; and there is still another river, Sequana 


since the political divisions made by the Romans varied, and 
hence were only referred to in a summary way by the 
geographer (see 4. 1. 1). 

4 Ὁ, Miiller emends the Greek text to read ‘‘and also 
an image of Augustus”; Meineke, to read ‘‘and also a great 
statue,” 1. 6. of Augustus, Seeks LL, 

223 


STRABO 


tal f \ ‘\ Yj / ‘4 
ταῖς ΓἼλλπεσι τὰς πηγὰς ἔχων, Σηκοάνας ὄνομα: 
CESALIND > \ b) ἐξ 7 a Ῥ 7 Σ ὃ δὴ 
ῥεῖ δ᾽ εἰς τὸν ὠκεανὸν, παράλληλος τῷ Ῥῆήνῳ, διὰ 
/ ee / \ \ 
ἔθνους ὁμωνύμου, συνάπτοντος τῷ Ῥήνῳ Ta πρὸς 
ef \ ? ᾽ 3 , any “ e 7 Ε 
ἕω, τὰ δ᾽ εἰς τἀναντία τῷ Apapt, ὅθεν αἱ κάλλισται 
nA A , a 2 \ ς , 
ταριχεῖαι τῶν ὑείων κρεῶν εἰς τὴν Ῥώμην KaTa- 
oS an » \ an 
κομίζονται. μεταξὺ μὲν οὖν τοῦ Δούβιος καὶ τοῦ 
2 ’ a SX n A? / Μὕ “ yA 
Apapos οἰκεῖ τὸ τῶν Αἰδούων ἔθνος, πόλιν ἔχον 
n n Vi , 
Καβυλλῖνον ἐπὶ τῷ" Ἄραρι καὶ φρούριον Βίβρακτα. 
« a a ς / 3 
οἱ δὲ Αἰδοῦοι καὶ συγγενεῖς Ῥωμαίων ὠνομάζοντο 
\ an a na δ \ / 
Kal πρῶτοι TOV ταύτῃ προσῆλθον πρὸς τὴν φιλίαν 
x an bd A 
καὶ συμμαχίαν. πέραν δὲ τοῦ Ἄραρος οἰκοῦσιν 
e / ἃ \ Vadeignhs y >’ an 
οἱ Σηκοανοί, διάφοροι καὶ τοῖς Ρωμαίοις ἐκ πολλοῦ 
/ A , , \ \ 
γεγονότες καὶ τοῖς Αἰδούοις" ὅτι πρὸς Leppavovs 
\ I n 
προσεχώρουν πολλάκις KATA τὰς ἐφόδους αὐτῶν 
\ + | \ ’ ΝΣ δ, if , by \ 
Tas ἐπὶ τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν, καὶ ἐπεδείκνυντό γε ov τὴν 
n \ “ “Ὁ 
τυχοῦσαν δύναμιν, ἀλλὰ καὶ κοινωνοῦντες αὐτοῖς 
/ / \ 
ἐποίουν μεγάλους, καὶ ἀφιστάμενοι μικρούς" πρὸς 
δὲ \ ὃ ΄ \ \ 3 \ Ὁ / > pe ee) f 
€ τοὺς Atdovous Kal διὰ ταὐτὰ 3 μέν, ἀλλ᾿ ἐπέ- 
\ / fa n 7 ἴω / 
τεινε τὴν ἔχθραν ἡ TOD ποταμοῦ ἔρις TOD διείρ- 
γοντος αὐτούς, ἑκατέρου τοῦ ἔθνους ἴδιον ἀξιοῦντος 
3 \ / n 
εἶναι Tov” Apapa καὶ ἑαυτῷ προσήκειν τὰ διαγω- 
a aN N δ᾽ e N an ῬἭ 7 Ψ 3. .5 if 
γικὰ τέλη. νυνὶ δ᾽ ὑπὸ τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις ἅπαντ᾽ ἐστί. 
3 T? δ᾽ 9 \ nA Ῥ 7 lal n e / 
3. Τὴν δ᾽ ἐπὶ τῷ Ῥήνῳ πρῶτοι τῶν ἁπάντων 
2 fa) 9 3 2 A 
οἰκοῦσιν Ελουήττιοι,) trap οἷς εἰσιν ai πηγαὶ τοῦ 


1 ῥέων, after ὄνομα, Siebenkees deletes ; so the later editors. 

2 ταὐτά, Jones, for ταῦτα. 

3 ᾿Ελουήττιοι, Corais, for Αἰτουάτιοι ; so Meineke, Miiller- 
Diibner, Forbiger, and Tardieu. But Xylander, Casaubon, 
and Siebenkees conjecture Ναντουάται. Cp. the first words in 
§ 4 following. ᾿ 


224 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 3. 2-3 


by name, which likewise has its sources in the Alps. 
It flows into the ocean, however, running parallel to 
the Rhenus, through a tribe of like name,! whose 
country joins the Rhenus in its eastern parts, but in 
the opposite parts, the Arar; and it is from their 
country that the finest of salted hog-meat is brought 
down and shipped to Rome. Now between the 
Dubis and the Arar dwells the tribe of the Aedui, 
with their city of Cabyllinum, on the Arar, and their 
garrison of Bibracte. (The Aedui were not only 
called kinsmen of the Romans,” but they were also 
the first of the peoples in that country to apply for 
their friendship and alliance.) But across the Arar 
dwell the Sequani, who, for a long time, in fact, had 
been at variance with the Romans as well as with the 
Aedui. This was because they often joined forces 
with the Germans in their attacks upon Italy; aye, 
and they demonstrated that theirs was no ordinary 
power: they made the Germans strong when they 
took part with them and weak when they stood 
aloof. As regards the Aedui, not only were the 
Sequani at variance with them for the same reasons, 
but their hostility was intensified by the strife about 
the river that separates them, since each tribe 
claimed that the Arar was its private property and 
that the transportation tolls belonged to itself. Now, 
however, everything is subject to the Romans. 

3. As for the country that is on the Rhenus, the 
first of all the peoples who live there are the Elvetii,® 


1 Strabo wrongly thought the Sequana ran through the 
country of the Sequani. 

2 Caesar (De Bello Gallico 1. 33) says ‘‘ the Aedui were often 
called by the Senate brethren and kinsmen.” 

3 Usually spelled ‘‘ Helvetii.” 


225 
VOL. II. Q 


C 193 


- STRABO 


ποταμοῦ ἐν τῷ ᾿Αδούλᾳ!! ὄρει. τοῦτο δ᾽ ἐστὶ 
Aish 

μέρος τῶν ἼΑλπεων, ὅθεν καὶ ὁ ᾿Αδούας εἰς Tavav- 

, , etn \ \ \ Ee \ \ 

Tia μέρη ῥεῖ Ta πρὸς τὴν ἐντὸς Κελτικὴν καὶ 

n \ / / Ν κ ” x 

πληροῖ τὴν Λάριον λίμνην, πρὸς ἡ ἔκτισται TO 
“ 5 / 

Κῶμον, εἶτ᾽ ἐνθένδε eis τὸν Ἰ]άδον συμβάλλει, 
Woke cure > a \ € ttn NTA ie 
περὶ ὧν ὕστερον ἐροῦμεν. Kal ὁ 'Ῥῆνος δὲ εἰς ἕλη 

7 Ν “ > Ἄ is δ > / 
μεγάλα Kal λιμνὴην ἀναχεῖται μεγάλην, ἧς epa- 
πτονται καὶ ἹῬαιτοὶ καὶ Οὐινδολικοί, τῶν ᾿Αλπίων 

\ \ lal ς / \ \ \ an 
τινὲς Kal τῶν ὑπεραλπίων. φησὶ δὲ TO μῆκος 
Β aA , e 7, ᾽ , 9 » 
αὐτοῦ σταδίων ἑξακισχιλίων ᾿Ασίνιος, οὐκ ἔστι 
7) 3 oe ϑ ὠν ἢ > / \ la) Ὁ ᾽ 3 Vi xv 
δέ. ἀλλ᾽ ἐπ᾽ εὐθείας μὲν TOD ἡμίσους ὀλίγον ἂν 
an \ 7 
ὑπερβάλλοι, τοῖς δὲ σκολιώμασι καὶ χίλιοι προσ- 
[οἷ Ἃ 
τεθέντες ἱκανῶς ἂν ἔχοιεν' καὶ γὰρ ὀξύς ἐστι, 
ὃ \ ἴω δὲ \ ὃ "4 \ ὃ \ δί 
ιὰ τοῦτο δὲ καὶ δυσγεφύρωτος, καὶ διὰ πεδίων 
Ὁ [4 \ \ x 3 \ an b n 
ὕπτιος φέρεται TO λοιπὸν καταβὰς ἀπὸ τῶν ὀρῶν" 
an 93 a? 3 7 lal 
πῶς οὖν οἷόν τε μένειν ὀξὺν καὶ βίαιον, εἰ TO 
lo) / Ν / \ 
ὑπτιασμῷ προσδοίημεν καὶ σκολιότητας πολλὰς 
\ / Ny δὲ Ν δί Ψ Us 
Kal μακράς ; φησὶ C€ καὶ δίστομον εἶναι, μεμψά- 
a 3 
μενος τοὺς πλείω λέγοντας. ἐγκυκλοῦνται μὲν δή 
, an 7 
τινα χώραν Tals σκολιότησι καὶ οὗτος Kal ὁ Σηκο- 
, b) , δέ 2 b] / δὲ ΩΝ ἢ τῶν 
dvas, οὐ τοσαύτην δέ.3 ἀμφότεροι δὲ ῥέουσιν ἐπὶ 
\ a “4 nA 
TAS ἄρκτους ἀπὸ TOV νοτίων μερῶν. πρόκειται δ᾽ 
> nan q / an \ c / A a9 ve 
αὐτῶν ἡ Bpettavixn, τοῦ μὲν Ῥήνου καὶ ἐγγύθεν, 
“ “ Ν / “ 3 \ Ν ca 
ὥστε καθορᾶσθαι τὸ Κάντιον, ὅπερ ἐστὶ τὸ ἑῷον 
A ἴω Ν / \ F 
ἄκρον τῆς νήσου, TOU δὲ Σηκοάνα μικρὸν ἀπωτέρω. 
1 ᾿Αδούλᾳ, Siebenkees from conj. of Xylander, for Διαδουέλ- 


Aa; 80 the later editors. 
2 δέ͵, Kramer inserts ; so Meineke. 


226 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 3. 3 


in whose territory, on Mount Adula, are the sources 
of the river. Mount Adula is a part of the Alps, 
and from it flows also the River Addua,! in the 
opposite direction, that is, towards Cisalpine Celtica, 
and fills Lake Larius (near which the city of Comum 
has been founded), and then, flowing on from Lake 
Larius, contributes its waters to those of the Padus 
(matters about which I shall speak later on), The 
Rhenus, too, spreads into great marshes and a great 
lake, which lake is touched by the territory of both 
the Rhaeti and the Vindelici (certain of the peoples 
who live in the Alps and also beyond the Alps). 
Asinius says that the length of the river is six 
thousand stadia, but it is not. In fact, it could only 
slightly exceed the half of that in a straight line, 
while the addition of one thousand stadia would be 
quite sufficient for the windings. For not only is it 
swift, and on this account also hard to bridge, but 
after its descent from the mountains runs the rest of 
the way with even slope through the plains. How, 
then, could it remain swift and violent, if to the even 
slope of the river we added numerous long windings ? 
He further says it has only two mouths, after first 
finding fault with those who say it has more than 
that. So then, both this river and the Sequana 
encircle somewhat of territory within their windings, 
but not so much as that. Both rivers flow from the 
southern parts towards the north; and in front of 
them lies Britain, which is near enough to the 
Rhenus for Cantium, which is the eastern cape of 
the island, to be visible from it, though it is slightly 
farther off from the Sequana. Here, too, the Deified 


1 But the Addua rises far to the east of Mt. Adula, in 
the Rhaetic Alps. 


227 
(ay 


STRABO 


ἐνταῦθα δὲ καὶ τὸ ναυπήγιον συνεστήσατο Καῖσαρ 
ὁ Θεὸς πλέων εἰς τὴν Βρεττανικήν. τοῦ δὲ Σηκο- 
άνα τὸ πλεόμενον ὑπὸ τῶν ἐκ τοῦ ᾿Άραρος δεχο- 
μένων τὰ φορτία μικρῷ πλέον ἐστὶν ἢ τὸ τοῦ 
Λείγηρος καὶ τὸ τοῦ ρον τὸ δὲ ἀπὸ Aovy- 
δούνου μέχρι τοῦ Σηκοάνα 3 χιλίων σταδίων € ἐστίν, 
ἔλαττον 6? ἢ διπλάσιον τούτου τὸ ἀπὸ τῶν 
εἰσβολῶν τοῦ “Ῥοδανοῦ μέχρι Λουγδούνου. φασὶ δὲ 
καὶ πολυχρύσους τοὺς ᾿Ελουηττίους μηδὲν μέντοι 
ἧττον ἐπὶ ληστείαν τραπέσθαι, τὰς τῶν Κίμβρων 
εὐπορίας ἰδόντας: ἀφανισθῆναι δ᾽ αὐτῶν τὰ δύο 
φῦλα, τριῶν ὄντων, κατὰ στρατείας. ὅμως δ᾽ ἐκ τῶν 
λοιπῶν ὁ τὸ τῶν ἐπιγόνων πλῆθος ἐδήλωσεν ὁ πρὸς 
Καίσαρα τὸν Θεὸν πόλεμος, ἐν ᾧ περὶ τετταράκοντα 
μυριάδες σωμάτων διεφθάρησαν, τοὺς δὲ λοιποὺς 
σώζεσθαι μεθῆκεν els ὀκτακισχιλίους, ὅπως μὴ τοῖς 
eee ὁμόροις οὖσιν, ἔρημον τὴν χώραν ἀφῆ.. 
Μετὰ δὲ τοὺς ᾿Βλουηττίους Σηκοανοὶ καὶ 

MaSiouarjien κατοικοῦσι TOV Ῥῆνον, ἐν οἷς 
ἵδρυται Teppavixov ἔθνος περαιωθὲν ἐ ἐκ τῆς οἰκείας, 
Τρίβοκχοι. ἐν δὲ τοῖς Σηκοανοῖς ἐστι τὸ ὄρος ὁ 
ἸΙουράσιος, διορίζει δ᾽ ᾿Ιῦχουηττίους καὶ Σηκοανούς. 
ὑπὲρ οὖν τῶν ᾿λονηττίων καὶ τῶν Σηκοανῶν 
Αἰδοῦοι καὶ Λίγγονες οἰκοῦσι πρὸς δύσιν, ὑπὲρ 
δὲ τῶν Μεδιοματρικῶν Λεῦκοι καὶ τῶν Λιγγόνων 

1 4, before χιλίων, Corais deletes ; so Meineke. 

2 δ᾽, Corais inserts ; so Meineke. 

3 76, Corais inserts; so Meineke. 


4 τόπων (MSS.), after λοιπῶν, Corais suspects; Meineke 
deletes. 


1 Strabo could not have meant by ‘‘ Here” the mouth 
of the Sequana (which the mere Greek text seems to imply), 


228 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 3. 3-4 


Caesar established his navy-yard when he sailed to 
Britain.t The part of the Sequana that is navigated 
by those who receive the cargoes from the Arar is 
slightly longer than that of the Liger and that of the 
Garumna; but the distance from Lugdunum®? to 
the Sequana is a thousand stadia, and that from the 
mouths of the Rhodanus to Lugdunum is less than 
double this distance. It is said also that the Elvetii, 
although rich in gold, none the less turned them- 
selves to robbery upon seeing the opulence of the 
Cimbri; but that on their campaigns two of their 
tribes (there were three) were obliterated. But still 
the number of the descendants from what was left of 
them was shown by their war against the Deified 
Caesar, in which about four hundred thousand lives 
were destroyed, although Caesar allowed the rest of 
them, about eight thousand, to escape, so as not to 
abandon the country, destitute of inhabitants, to the 
Germans, whose territory bordered on theirs. 

4. After the Elvetii, along the Rhenus, dwell the 
Sequani and the Mediomatrici, in whose territory 
are situated the Tribocchi, a Germanic tribe which 
crossed the river from their homeland. Mount Jura 
is in the territory of the Sequani; it marks the 
boundary between the Elvetii and the Sequani. 
So it is beyond the Elvetii and the Sequani, towards 
the west, that the Aedui and the Lingones dwell ; 
and beyond the Mediomatrici, that the Leuci and a 
much less that of the Rhenus, since Caesar sailed from Portus 
Itius (see 4. 5. 2 and Caesar De Bello Gallico 5. 2) on his 
second expedition, and almost certainly from there on his first 
(De Bello Gallico 4. 21) ; and Portus Itius was either Boulogne 
or Wissant—almost certainly the former. (See Holmes, 


Caesar’s Conquest of Gaul, pp. 432-488.) 
2 An overland journey. 


229 


Ο 194 


STRABO 


τι μέρος. Ta δὲ μεταξὺ ἔθνη τοῦ TE Λείγηρος καὶ 
τοῦ Σηκοάνα ποταμοῦ τὰ πέραν τοῦ “Ῥοδανοῦ τε 
καὶ τοῦ “Apapos παράκειται πρὸς ἄρκτον τοῖς 
τε ᾿Αλλόβριξι καὶ τοῖς περὶ τὸ Λούγδουνον' 
τούτων δ᾽ ἐπιφανεστατόν ἐστι τὸ τῶν ᾿Αρουέρνων 
καὶ τὸ τῶν Καρνούτων, δι᾿ ὧν ἀμφοῖν ἐνεχθεὶς 
ὁ Λεύγηρ εἰς τὸν ὠκεανὸν ἔξεισι. δίαρμα δ᾽ ἐστὶν 
εἰς τὴν Βρεττανικὴν ἀπὸ τῶν ποταμῶν τῆς 
Κελτικῆς εἴκοσι καὶ τριακόσιοι στάδιοι" ὑπὸ 
γὰρ τὴν ἄμπωτιν ad’ ἑσπέρας ἀναχθέντες τῇ 
ὑστεραίᾳ περὶ ὀγδόην ὥραν καταίρουσιν εἰς τὴν 
νῆσον. μετὰ δὲ τοὺς Μεδιοματρικοὺς καὶ Τρι- 
βόκχους παροικοῦσι τὸν Ῥῆνον Τρηούιροι, καθ᾽ 
ods πεποίηται τὸ ζεῦγμα ὑπὸ τῶν Ῥωμαίων νυνὶ 
τῶν στρατηγούντων τὸν Τερμανικὸν πόλεμον. 
πέραν δὲ ὠκουν Οὔβιοι κατὰ τοῦτον τὸν τόπον, 
οὺς μετήγαγεν ᾿Αγρίππας ἑκόντας εἰς τὴν ἐντὸς 
τοῦ Ῥήνου. Ῥρηουίρουις δὲ συνεχεῖς Νερούιοι, 
καὶ τοῦτο Περμανικὸν ἔθνος. τελευταῖοι δὲ Με- 
νάπιοι πλησίον τῶν ἐκβολῶν ἐφ᾽ ἑκάτερα τοῦ 
ποταμοῦ κατοικοῦντες ἕλη καὶ δρυμοὺς οὐχ 
ὑψηλῆς, ἀλλὰ πυκνῆς ὕλης καὶ ἀκανθώδους. 
κατὰ τούτους δ᾽ ἵδρυνται Σούγαμβροι Teppavot. 
πάσης δ᾽ ὑπέρκεινται τῆς ποταμίας ταύτης οἱ 
Σόηβοι προσαγορευόμενοι Γερμανοὶ καὶ δυνάμει 
καὶ πλήθει διαφέροντες τῶν ἄλλων, ὑφ᾽ ὧν οἱ 
ἐξελαυνόμενοι κατέφευγον εἰς τὴν ἐντὸς τοῦ Ῥήνου 
νυνί: καὶ ἄλλοι δὲ κατ᾽ ἄλλους τόπους δυναστεύ- 
ovat καὶ διαδέχονται τὰ ζώπυρα τοῦ πολέμου, 
τῶν πρώτων ἀεὶ καταλυομένων. 

1 Τ is uncertain what campaign or bridge Strabo refers to, 
since the time of composition and of revision of Strabo’s work 


has by no means been settled (see Vol. I, p. 36, footnote 2). 
230 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 3. 4 


part of the Lingones dwell. But those tribes between 
the Liger and the Sequana Rivers that are on the far 
side of the Rhodanus and the Arar are situated side 
by side, towards the north, with both the Allobroges 
and the people round Lugdunum ; and of these tribes 
the most conspicuous are those of the Arverni and 
the Carnutes, through both of whose territories the 
Liger runs on its way out to the ocean. The passage 
across to Britain from the rivers of Celtica is three 
hundred and twenty stadia; for if you put to sea on 
the ebb-tide at nightfall, you land upon the island 
about the eighth hour on the following day. After 
the Mediomatrici and the Tribocchi, along the 
Rhenus, dwell the Treveri, near whom the bridge 
has been built by the Roman officers who are now 
conducting the Germanic war.t The Ubii used to 
live opposite this region, across the Rhenus, though 
by their own consent they were transferred by 
Agrippa to the country this side the Rhenus. Next 
after the Treveri are the Nervii, who are also a 
Germanic tribe. Last come the Menapii, who dwell 
on both sides of the river near its mouths, in marshes 
and woods (not of tall timber, but dense and thorny). 
It is opposite to these that the Sugambri are situated, 
a Germanic people. But beyond this whole river- 
country are those Germans who are called the Suevi 
and excel all the others in power and numbers (the 
people driven out by the Suevi in our time have been 
fleeing for refuge to this side of the Rhenus). And 
other peoples, also, lord it in different places, and in 
their turn take up the tinders of war, but the fore- 
most are always put down.? 


One thinks of the campaigns of Drusus Germanicus (7. 1. 3), 
of Varus (7. 1. 4), or of Germanicus the Younger (7. 1. 4). 
2 By the Romans, apparently. 


231 


STRABO 


fal \ \ / , \ 
5. Τῶν δὲ Τρηουίρων καὶ Nepoviwy Σένονες καὶ 
αὶ lal \ ¢€ 4 ’ na » δ᾽ > / 
Ρῆμοι πρὸς ἑσπέραν οἰκοῦσιν, ἔτι δ᾽ ᾿Ατρεβάτιοι 
\> / ὃ a , 9 aN Brag Yeas 
καὶ ᾿ Εβούρωνες" tots Μεναπίοις δ᾽ εἰσὶ συνεχεῖς ἐπὶ 
n 3 N 
τῇ θαλάττῃ Mopwoi καὶ βελλοάκοι καὶ ApBravot 
\ , f a an 
καὶ Σουεσσίωνες καὶ Κάλετοι μέχρι τῆς ἐκβολῆς 
lal / n \ \ A lal 
τοῦ Σηκοάνα ποταμοῦ. ἐμφερὴς δ᾽ ἐστὶ τῇ τῶν 
’,ὔ ee a n Wwiske. n 9 
Μεναπίων ἥ τε τῶν Μορινῶν καὶ ἡ τῶν Ατρε- 
, \ on , ΠΣ ΄ > > 
βατίων καὶ KBoupwvav' ὕλη yap ἐστιν οὐχ 
a \ / / N , 
ὑψηλῶν δένδρων πολλὴ μέν, οὐ τοσαύτη δὲ ὅσην 
n / ’ὔ 
οἱ συγγραφεῖς εἰρήκασι, τετρακισχιλίων σταδίων, 
a τ > \ 3 / \ \ \ 
καλοῦσι δ᾽ αὐτὴν ᾿Αρδουένναν. κατὰ δὲ Tas 
\ 5 / / \ an ff 
πολεμικὰς ἐφόδους συμπλέκοντες TAS TOV θάμνων 
΄ γὃ ” > 7, Ἰ 3 
λύγους, βατώδεις οὔσας, ἀπέφραττον᾽' τὰς παρ- 
/ J 
ὀδους. ἔστι δ᾽ ὅπου Kal σκόλοπας κατέπηττον, 
᾽ \ \ / 3 ἊΝ ΄ 7ὔ if. 
αὐτοὶ δὲ κατέδυνον εἰς τὰ βάθη πανοίκιοι, νησίδια 
ἢ “ 4) n 
ἔχοντες ἐν τοῖς ἕλεσι. ἐν μὲν οὖν Tals ἐπομβρίαις 
bd a \ \ uo) 3 \ - ’ a 
ἀσφαλεῖς Tas καταφυγὰς εἶχον, ἐν δὲ τοῖς αὐχμοῖς 
ε / is , ‘ ’ [τ € 3 \ 
ἡλίσκοντο ῥᾳδίως. νυνὶ δ᾽ ἅπαντες οἱ ἐντὸς 
¢ / TLE “4 oy ς / id , 
Ρήνου καθ᾽ ἡσυχίαν ὄντες ὑπακούουσι Ῥωμαίων. 
\ \ Id 
περὶ δὲ τὸν Σηκοάναν ποταμόν εἰσι Kal οἱ 
’ὔ n An A , 
ΠῸαρίσιοι, νῆσον ἔχοντες ἐν τῷ ποταμῷ καὶ πόλιν 
, \ id 
Λουκοτοκίαν, καὶ Μέλδοι καὶ Ληξοούιοι, παρ- 
tad « ΣῈ , δ᾽ 3 \ ἔθ 
ὠκεανῖται οὗτοι. ἀξιολογώτατον δ᾽ ἐστὶν ἔθνος 
“ ν᾿ ς a , n 
τῶν ταύτῃ Phot, καὶ ἡ μητρόπολις αὐτῶν 
a /, 
Aovpixoptopa μάλιστα συνοικεῖται Kal δέχεται 
4 a ς i 
τοὺς τῶν Ρωμαίων ἡἣγεμόνας. 
1 ἀπέφραττον, Groskurd, for ἀνέφραττον ; so the later 
editors. 


232 


GEOGRAPHY; 4. 3. 5 


5. West of the Treveri and the Nervii dwell the 
Senones and the Remi, and farther on, the Atrebatii 
and the Eburones; and after the Menapii, on the 
sea, are, in their order, the Morini, the Bellovaci, the 
Ambiani, the Suessiones, and the Caleti, as far as 
the outlet of the Sequana River. Both the country of 
the Morini and that of the Atrebatii and Eburones 
resemble that of the Menapii; for much of it, though 
not so much as the historians have said (four thousand 
stadia), is a forest, consisting of trees that are not 
tall; the forest is called Arduenna. At the time of 
hostile onsets they used to intertwine the withes of 
the brushwood, since the withes were thorny, and 
thus block the passage of the enemy.! In some 
places they also used to fix stakes in the ground— 
themselves, with their whole families, slinking away 
into the depths of the forest, for they had small 
islands in their marshes, Now although the refuge 
they took was safe for them in the rainy seasons, 
they were easily captured in the dry seasons. But 
as it is, all the peoples this side the Rhenus are 
living in a state of tranquillity and are submissive 
to the Romans. The Parisii live round about the 
Sequana River, having an island in the river and a 
city called Lucotocia; and so do the Meldi and 
the Lexovii—these latter beside the ocean. But the 
most noteworthy of all the tribes in this region of 
Celtica is that of the Remi; their metropolis, 
Duricortora, is most thickly settled and is the city 
that entertains the Roman governors. 

1 Caesar (De Bello Gallico 2. 17) describes this more fully, 
saying that they first cut into saplings and bent them over, 
and then intertwined them with brambles and thorns, thus 


making wall-like hedges that could neither be penetrated nor 
seen through. 


233 


C 195 


STRABO 
IV 


\ ΧΝ \ A 
1. Μετὰ δὲ τὰ λεχθέντα ἔθνη τὰ λοιπὰ Βελγῶν 
τ ἴω ἴω 
ἐστιν ἔθνη τῶν παρωκεανιτῶν, ὧν Οὐένετοι μέν 
> ε , 
εἰσιν οἱ ναυμαχήσαντες πρὸς Καίσαρα" ἕτοιμοι 
xX \ A “ἅμ 
γὰρ ἦσαν κωλύειν τὸν εἰς τὴν Βρεττανικὴν πλοῦν, 
, a A 
χρώμενοι τῷ ἐμπορίῳ. κατεναυμάχησε δὲ ῥᾳδίως, 
2 2 , ΄ 3 \ id \ ΄ 
οὐκ ἐμβόλοις χρώμενος (ἦν γὰρ παχέα τὰ Evra), 
5) ΣΎ ον, / S209, eM ,ὔ ς 
ἀλλ᾽ ἀνέμῳ φερομένων ἐπ᾽ αὐτὸν κατέσπων οἱ 
¢ an \ id / y 
Ῥωμαῖοι τὰ ἱστία δορυδρεπάνοις" ἣν yap σκύτινα 
\ \ / a) b] / ‘ e , ate) » \ 
διὰ τὴν βίαν τῶν ἀνέμων" ἁλύσεις δ᾽ ἔτεινον ἀντὶ 
/ a / 
κάλων. πλατύπυγα δὲ ποιοῦσι Kal ὑψίπρυμνα 
Ἀν» 35e / \ \ 3 , .Λ e/ 
καὶ ὑψόπρῳρα διὰ τὰς ἀμπώτεις, δρυΐνης ὕλης, 
ἧς ἐστιν εὐπορία' διόπερ οὐ συνώγουσι τὰς 
e / a 7 3 3 » , 
ἁρμονίας τῶν σανίδων, ἀλλ ἀραιώματα κατα- 
, : κα \ ,ὕ / IN \ 
λείπουσι" ταῦτα δὲ βρύοις διανάττουσι TOV μὴ KATA 
δ “ ἴω θ \ e/ \ 1 
TAS νεωλκίας καπυροῦσθαν τὴν ὕλην μὴ VOTI- 
ξομένην, τοῦ μὲν βρύου νοτιωτέρου ὄντος τῇ φύσει, 
A \ \ wn Q 3 Qn be ἊΝ 
τῆς δὲ δρυὸς ξηρᾶς καὶ ἀλιποῦς. τούτους οἶμαι 
3 \ 53 fal Ν ne 
τοὺς Οὐενέτους οἰκιστὰς εἶναι τῶν κατὰ TOV 
, Ἑ 
"Adpiav' καὶ γὰρ οἱ ἄλλοι πάντες σχεδὸν τι οἱ 
3 a? / \ / 3 A e \ 
ἐν τῇ Itadia Κελτοὶ μετανέστησαν ἐκ τῆς ὑπέρ 
τῶν ᾿Αλήεων γῆς, καθάπερ καὶ οἱ Boiow? καὶ 
A \ \ Ν τ LA / 
Lévoves' διὰ δὲ τὴν ὁμωνυμίαν Lladdrayovas 


1 μή, Siebenkees from conj. of Casubon; so the later 
editors. 


2 Βόϊοι, Xylander, for βίοι ; so the later editors. 


234 


GEOGRAPHY, 4.4. 1 
IV 


1. After the aforesaid tribes, the rest are tribes of 
those Belgae who live on the ocean-coast. Of the 
Belgae, there are, first, the Veneti who fought 
the naval battle with Caesar; for they were already 
prepared to hinder his voyage to Britain, since they 
were using the emporium there. But he easily 
defeated them in the naval battle, making no 
use of ramming (for the beams! were thick), but 
when the Veneti bore upon him with the wind, the 
Romans hauled down their sails by means of pole- 
hooks ;2 for, on account of the violence of the winds, 
the sails were made of leather, and they were hoisted 
by chains instead of ropes. Because of the ebb-tides, 
they make their ships with broad bottoms, high 
sterns, and high prows; they make them of oak (of 
which they have a plentiful supply), and this is why 
they do not bring the joints of the planks together 
but leave gaps; they stuff the gaps full of sea-weed, 
however, so that the wood may not, for lack of 
moisture, become dry when the ships are hauled up, 
because the sea-weed is naturally rather moist, 
whereas the oak is dry and without fat. It is these 
Veneti, I think, who settled the colony that is on the 
Adriatic (for about all the Celti that are in Italy 
migrated from the transalpine land, just as did the 
Boii and Senones), although, on account of the like- 
ness of name, people call them Paphlagonians.? 1 


1 That is, in the ships of the Veneti. The beams, accord- 
ing to Caesar (De Bello Gallico 3. 13), were a foot thick. 

* «Sharp pointed hooks inserted in, and fastened to, long 
poles,” Caesar says (loc. cit.). 

3 Strabo refers to the ‘‘ Eneti,” a Paphlagonian tribe (cp. 
1. 8.2, 1..8. 21, and ὅ. 1. 4). 


235 


STRABO 


φασὶν αὐτούς. λέγω δ᾽ οὐκ ἰσχυριζόμενος" ἀρκεῖ 
γὰρ περὶ τῶν τοιούτων τὸ εἰκός. Ὀσίσμιοι 

εἰσίν, οὺς ᾿Ὡστιμίους 1 ὀνομάζει Πυθέας, ἐπί τινὸς 
προπεπτωκυίας ἱκανῶς ἄκρας εἰς τὸν ὠκεανὸν 
οἰκοῦντες, οὐκ ἐπὶ τοσοῦτον δέ, ἐφ᾽ ὅσον ἐκεῖνός 
φησι καὶ οἱ πιστεύσαντες ἐκείνῳ. τῶν δὲ μεταξὺ 
ἐθνῶν τοῦ τε Σηκοάνα. καὶ τοῦ Λείγηρος οἱ μὲν 
τοῖς Σηκοανοῖς, οἱ δὲ τοῖς ᾿Αρουέρνοις ὁμοροῦσι. 

2. Τὸ δὲ σύμπαν φῦλον, ὃ νῦν Τ᾽ αλλικὸν πε 
καὶ Γαλατικὸν καλοῦσιν, ἀρειμάνιόν 5 ἐστι καὶ 
θυμικόν τε καὶ ταχὺ πρὸς μάχην, ἄλλως δὲ 
ἁπλοῦν καὶ οὐ κακόηθες. διὰ δὲ τοῦτο ἐρε- 
θισθέντες μὲν ἀθρόοι συνίασι πρὸς τοὺς ἀγῶνας 
καὶ φανερῶς καὶ οὐ μετὰ περισκέψεως, ὥστε καὶ 
εὐμεταχείριστοι, γίνονται τοῖς καταστρατηγεῖν 
ἐθέλουσι" καὶ γὰρ ὅτε βούλεται καὶ ὅπου καὶ ἀφ᾽ 
ἧς ἔτυχε προφάσεως παροξύνας τις αὐτοὺς ἑτοίμους 
ἔσχε πρὸς τὸν κίνδυνον, πλὴν βίας καὶ τόλμης οὐδὲν 
ἔχοντας τὸ συναγωνιζόμενον᾽ παραπεισθέντες δὲ 
εὐμαρῶς ἐνξιδόασι πρὸς τὸ χρήσιμον, ὥστε καὶ 
παιδείας ἅπτεσθαι καὶ λόγων' τῆς δὲ βίας τὸ μὲν 
ἐκ τῶν σωμάτων. ἐστὶ μεγάλων ὄντων, τὸ δ᾽ ἐκ 
τοῦ πλήθους. συν ίασι δὲ κατὰ πλῆθος ῥᾳδίως διὰ 
τὸ ἁπλοῦν καὶ αὐθέκαστον, συναγανακτούντων 
τοῖς ἀδικεῖσθαι δοκοῦσιν ἀεὶ τῶν πλησίον. νυνὶ 
μὲν οὖν ἐν εἰρήνῃ πάντες εἰσὶ δεδουλωμένοι καὶ 
ζῶντες κατὰ τὰ προστάγματα τῶν ἑλόντων αὐτοὺς 
“Ῥωμαίων, ἀλλ᾽ ἐκ τῶν παλαιῶν χρόνων τοῦτο 

1 "Οσίσμιοι δ᾽ εἰσίν, ods ᾿Ωστιμίους, Kramer, from conj. of 
Hagenbuch, for οἱ Σίσμιοι δ᾽ εἰσὶν ods Τιμίους ; so Meineke, 


aud Forbiger. See text, 1. 4. 5. (Vol. I, p. 238). 
2 ἀρημάνιον is the reading of ABCl. 


236 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 4. 1-2 


do not speak positively, however, for with reference 
to such matters probability suffices. Secondly, there 
are the Osismii (whom Pytheas calls the Ostimii), 
who live on a promontory. that projects quite far 
out into the ocean, though not so far as he and those 
who have trusted him say. But of the tribes that 
are between the Sequana and the Liger, some border 
on the Sequani, others on the Arverni. 

2. The whole race which is now called both 
* Gallic” and “ Galatic”’ is war-mad, and both high- 
spirited and quick for battle, although otherwise 
simple and not ill-mannered. And therefore, if 
roused, they come together all at once for the 
struggle, both openly and without circumspection, 
so that for those who wish to defeat them by 
stratagem they become easy to deal with (in fact, 
irritate them when, where, or by what chance pre- 
text you please, and you have them ready to risk 
their lives, with nothing to help them in the struggle 
but might and daring); whereas, if coaxed, they so 
easily yield to considerations of utility that they lay 
hold, not only of training in general, but of language- 
studies as well. As for their might, it arises partly 
from their large physique and partly from their 
numbers. And on account of their trait of simplicity 
and straightforwardness they easily come together in 
great numbers, because they always share in the 
vexation of those of their neighbours whom they 
think wronged. At the present time they are all 
at peace, since they have been enslaved and are 
living in accordance with the commands of the 
Romans who captured them, but it is from the early 


1 (ν᾿ 4515: 
237 


C 196 


STRABO 


λαμβάνομεν περὶ αὐτῶν ἔκ τεῖ τῶν μέχρι νῦν 
συμμενόντων παρὰ τοῖς Τερμανοῖς νομίμων. καὶ 
γὰρ τῇ φύσει καὶ τοῖς πολιτεύμασιν ἐμφερεῖς εἰσι 
καὶ συγγενεῖς ἀλλήλοις οὗτοι, ὅμορόν TE οἰκοῦσι 
χώραν, διοριζομένην τῷ Ῥήνῳ ποταμῷ, καὶ παρα- 
πλήσια ἔχουσαν τὰ πλεῖστα (ἀρκτικωτέρα δ᾽ 
ἐστὶν ἡ Teppavia) κρινομένων τῶν τε νοτίων 
μερῶν πρὸς τὰ νότια καὶ τῶν ἀρκτικῶν πρὸς τὰ 
ἀρκτικά. διὰ τοῦτο δὲ καὶ τὰς μεταναστάσεις 
αὐτῶν ῥᾳδίως ὑπάρχειν συμβαίνει, φερομένων 
ἀγεληδὸν καὶ πανστρατιᾷ, μᾶλλον δὲ Kal” πανοι- 
κίων ἐξαιρόντων ὅταν ὑπ᾽ ἄλλων ἐκβάλλωνται 
κρειττόνων. οἵ τε Ρωμαῖοι πολὺ ῥᾷον τούτους 
ἐχειρώσαντο ἢ τοὺς Ἴβηρας" καὶ γὰρ ἤρξαντο 
πρότερον καὶ ἐπαύσαντο ὕστερον ἐκείνους πολε- 
μοῦντες, τούτους δ᾽ ἐν τῷ μεταξὺ χρόνῳ πάντας 
κατέλυσαν, τοὺς ἀνὰ μέσον Ῥήνου καὶ τῶν Πυρη- 
ναίων ὀρῶν σύμπαντας. ἀθρόοι γὰρ καὶ κατὰ 
πλῆθος ἐμπίπτοντες ἀθρόοι κατελύοντο, οἱ δ᾽ 
ἐταμίευον καὶ κατεκερμάτιζον τοὺς ἀγῶνας, ἄλλοτε 
ἄλλοι καὶ κατ᾽ ἄλλα μέρη λῃστρικῶς πολεμοῦντες. 
εἰσὶ μὲν οὖν μαχηταὶ πάντες τῇ φύσει, “κρείττους 
δ᾽ ἱππόται ἢ πεζοί, καὶ ἔστι “Ρωμαίοις τῆς ἱππείας 
ἀρίστη παρὰ τούτων. ἀεὶ δὲ οἱ προσβορρότεροι 
καὶ παρωκεανῖται μαχιμώτεροι. 

3. Τούτων δὲ τοὺς Βέλγας ἀρίστους φασίν, εἰς 


1 τε, after ἐκ, Kramer inserts ; Corais and Meineke insert 


καί before ἐκ. 
2 δὲ καί, Corais, for δ᾽ ἐκ ; so the later editors. 


1 Namely, the trait of simplicity and straightforwardness. 
2 Cpa. 4.20, 3 That is, all the Gallic people. 
4 Caesar, for example (De Bello Gallico 1. 1). 


238 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 4. 2-3 


times that I am taking this account of them, and also 
from the customs that hold fast to this day among 
the Germans. For these peoples are not only similar 
in respect to their nature and their governments, 
but they are also kinsmen to one another; and, 
further, they live in country that has a common 
boundary, since it is divided by the River Rhenus, 
and the most of its regions are similar (though 
Germany is more to the north), if the southern 
regions be judged with reference to the southern and 
also the northern with reference to the northern. 
But it is also on account of this trait+ that their 
migrations easily take place, for they move in droves, 
army and all, or rather they make off, households and 
all, whenever they are cast out by others stronger 
than themselves. Again, the Romans conquered 
these people much more easily than they did the 
Iberians; in fact, the Romans began earlier, and 
stopped later, carrying on war with the Iberians, 
but in the meantime defeated all these—I mean 
all the peoples who live between the Rhenus and 
‘the Pyrenees Mountains. For, since the former 
were wont to fall upon their opponents all at once and 
in great numbers, they were defeated all at once, 
but the latter would husband their resources and 
divide their struggles, carrying on war in the manner 
of brigands, different men at different times and in 
separate divisions. Now although they are all® 
fighters by nature, they are better as cavalry than 
as infantry ; and the best cavalry-force the Romans 
have comes from these people. However, it is 
always those who live more to the north and along 
the ocean-coast that are the more warlike. 

3. Of these people, they say,* the Belgae are 


κοῦ 


STRABO 


πεντεκαίδεκα ἔθνη διῃηρημένους, τὰ μεταξὺ τοῦ. 
Ῥήνου καὶ τοῦ Λείγηρος παροικοῦντα 1 τὸν ὠκεα- 
νόν, ὥστε 3 μόνους ἀντέχειν πρὸς τὴν τῶν Τερμα- 
νῶν ἔφοδον, Κίμβρων καὶ Τευτόνων. αὐτῶν δὲ 
τῶν Βελγῶν Βελλοάκους ἀρίστους φασί, μετὰ δὲ 
τούτους Σουεσσίωνας. τῆς δὲ πολυανθρωπίας 
σημεῖον' εἰς γὰρ τριάκοντα μυριάδας ἐξετάξεσθαί 
φασι τῶν βελγῶν πρότερον τῶν δυναμένων φέρειν 
ὅπλα" εἴρηται δὲ καὶ τὸ τῶν ᾿λουηττίων πλῆ- 
θος καὶ τὸ τῶν ᾿Αρουέρνων καὶ τὸ τῶν συμμάχων, 
ἐξ ὧν ἡ πολυανθρωπία φαίνεται, καί, ὅπερ εἶπον, 
ἡ τῶν γυναικῶν ἀρετὴ πρὸς τὸ τίκτειν καὶ ἐκτρέ- 
φειν τοὺς παῖδας. σαγηφοροῦσι δὲ καὶ κομοτρο- 
φοῦσι καὶ ἀναξυρίσι χρῶνται περιτεταμέναις, 
ἀντὶ δὲ χιτώνων σχιστοὺς χειριδωτοὺς φέρουσι 
μέχρις αἰδοίων καὶ γλουτῶν. ἡ δ᾽ ἐρέα τραχεῖα 
μέν, ἀκρόμαλλος δέ, ἀφ᾽ ἧς τοὺς δασεῖς σάγους 
ἐξυφαίνουσιν, οὺς λαίνας καλοῦσιν" οἱ μέντοι 
“Ῥωμαῖοι καὶ ἐν τοῖς προσβορροτάτοις ὑποδιφθέρας 
τρέφουσι ποίμνας ἱκανῶς ἀστείας ἐρέας. ὁπλι- 
σμὸς δὲ σύμμετρος τοῖς τῶν σωμάτων μεγέθεσι, 


1 παροικοῦντα, Corais, for παροικοῦντας ; so the later editors. 
* ὥστε, Xylander, for οὔτε; so the later editors. 


1 So in Caesar (De Bello Gallico 2. 4), where the Belgae 
are credited with being the only people in all Gaul who 
prevented the Cimbri and Teutones from entering within 
their borders (in the year 103 B.c.). 

2 Of Gaul as a whole. 

3 Strabo follows Caesar (De Bello Gailico 2. 4), who got 
his information from the Remi, whose figures amount to 
306,000. 4 4,2. 3 and 4. 3. 3. 

5 4.1. 2, 6 A kind of coarse cloak. 


240 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 4. 3 


bravest (who have been divided into fifteen tribes, 
the tribes that live along the ocean between the 
Rhenus and the Liger); consequently they alone 
could hold out against the onset of the Germans— 
the Cimbri and Teutones.4 But of the Belgae them- 
selves, they say, the Bellovaci are bravest, and after 
them the Suessiones. As for the largeness of the 
population,” this is an indication: it is found upon 
inquiry,® they say, that there are as many as three 
hundred thousand of those Belgae (of former times) 
who are able to bear arms; and I have already 
told* the number of the Elvetii, and of the 
Arverni, and of their allies,—from all of which the 
largeness of the population is manifest, as is also 
the thing of which I spoke above °—the excellence 
of the women in regard to the bearing and nursing 
of children. The Gallic people wear the “sagus,’’ ὅ 
let their hair grow long,’ and wear tight breeches 8; 
instead of tunics ® they wear 5110 10 tunics that have 
sleeves and reach as far as the private parts and the 
buttocks. The wool of their sheep, from which they 
weave the coarse “sagi’”’ (which they 11 call “laenae’’), 
is not only rough, but also flocky at the surface ; the 
Romans, however, even in the most northerly parts 1" 
raise skin-clothed 15 flocks with wool that is sufficiently 
fine. The Gallic armour is commensurate with the 


* Hence the Romans often referred to Transalpine Gaul as 
**Gallia Comata.” 

8 The breeches were made of leather (Polybius 2. 30). 

® That is, ordinary Roman tunics. 

10 At the sides, for the sleeves. 

11 The Romans. 12 Of Gaul, apparently. 

#8 Strabo refers to the custom (still in vogue) of protecting 
the wool by means of skins tied around the sheep (ep. 12. 3. 
13). 


241 
VOL, 11. R 


( 107 


STRABO 


μάχαιρα μακρά, παρηρτημένη παρὰ τὸ δεξιὸν 
πλευρόν, καὶ θυρεὸς μακρὸς καὶ λόγχαι κατὰ 
λόγον καὶ μάδαρις, παλτοῦ τι εἶδος. χρῶνται 
δὲ καὶ τόξοις ἔνιοι καὶ σφενδόναις" ἔστι δέ τι καὶ 
γρόσφῳ ἐοικὸς ξύλον, ἐκ χειρὸς οὐκ ἐξ ἀγκύλης 
ἀφιέμενον, τηλεβολώτερον καὶ βέλους, ᾧ ᾧ μάλιστα 
καὶ πρὸς τὰς τῶν ὀρνέων χρῶνται θήρας. χαμευ- 
νοῦσι δὲ καὶ μέχρι νῦν οἱ πολλοί, καὶ καθεζόμε- 
νοι δειπνοῦσιν ἐν στιβάσι. τροφὴ δὲ πλείστη 
μετὰ γάλακτος καὶ κρεῶν παντοίων, μάλιστα δὲ 
τῶν ὑείων καὶ νέων καὶ ἁλιστῶν. αἱ δ᾽ ὕες καὶ 
ἀγραυλοῦσιν. ὕψει τε καὶ ἀλκῇ καὶ τάχει διαφέ- 
ρουσαι" κίνδυνος γοῦν ἐστι τῷ ἀήθει προσιόντι, 
ὡσαύτως καὶ λύκῳ. τοὺς δ᾽ οἴκους ἐκ σανίδων 
καὶ γέρρων ἔχουσι μεγάλους θολοειδεῖς, ὄροφον 
πολὺν ἐπιβάλλοντες. οὕτως δ᾽ ἐστὶ δαψιλῆ καὶ 
τὰ ποίμνια καὶ τὰ ὑοφόρβια, ὥστε τῶν σάγων 
καὶ τῆς ταριχείας ἀφθονίαν μὴ τῇ Ῥώμῃ χορη- 
γεῖσθαι μόνον, ἀλλὰ καὶ τοῖς πλείστοις μέρεσι 
τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας. ἀριστοκρατικαὶ δ᾽ ἦσαν αἱ πλείους 
τῶν πολιτειῶν, ἕνα δ᾽ ἡγεμόνα ἡροῦντο κατ᾽ ἐνιαυ- 
τὸν τὸ παλαιόν, ὡς δ᾽ αὕτως εἰς πόλεμον εἷς ὑπὸ 
τοῦ πλήθους ἀπεδείκνυτο στρατηγός. νυνὶ δὲ 
προσέχουσι τοῖς τῶν Ῥωμαίων προστάγμασι τὸ 
πλέον. ἴδιον δὲ τὸ ἐν τοῖς συνεδρίοις συμβαῖνον" 
ἐὰν γάρ τις θορυβῇ τὸν λέγοντα καὶ ὑποκρούσῃ, 


1 A Celtic word; in Latin, ‘* matara.” 

2 «*Grosphus ” is the Greek word Polybius (6. 22) uses fo 
a kind of spear used by the Roman ‘‘ flying troops” (‘‘velites”). 
“The spear,” he says, ‘‘has a wooden haft of about two 
cubits and is about a finger’s breadth in thickness.” 

3 In Julius Caesar’s day (cp. De Bello Gallico 6. 11). 


242 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 4. 3 


large size of their bodies: a long sabre, which hangs 
along the right side, and a long oblong shield, and 
spears in proportion, and a “ madaris,’’ 1 a special kind 
of javelin. But some of them also use bows and slings. 
There is also a certain wooden instrument resembling 
the “ grosphus”’ ? (it is hurled by hand, not by thong, 
and ranges even farther than an arrow), which they 
use particularly for the purposes of bird-hunting. 
Most of them, even to the present time, sleep on 
the ground, and eat their meals seated on beds of 
straw. Food they have in very great quantities, 
along with milk and flesh of all sorts, but particularly 
the flesh of hogs, both fresh and salted. Their hogs 
run wild, and they are of exceptional height, bold- 
ness, and swiftness; at any rate, it is dangerous for 
one unfamiliar with their ways to approach them, and 
likewise, also, for a wolf. As for their houses, which 
are large and dome-shaped, they make them of 
planks and wicker, throwing over them quantities 
of thatch. And their flocks of sheep and herds of 
swine are so very large that they supply an abund- 
ance of the “sagi’’ and the salt-meat, not only to 
Rome, but to most parts of Italy as well. ‘The 
greater number of their governments used to be 
aristocratic ’—although in the olden time only one 
leader was chosen, annually; and so, likewise, for 
war, only one man was declared general by the 
common people. But now they give heed, for the 
most part, to the commands of the Romans. There 
is a procedure that takes place in their assemblies 
which is peculiar to them: if a man disturbs 
the speaker and heckles him, the sergeant-at-arms 


4 In Caesar’s day (De Bello Gallico 6. 13) the common 
people were treated almost as slaves and were never consulted. 


243 
R 2 


, 


STRABO 


προσιὼν ὁ ὑπηρέτης, ἐσπασμένος TO ξίφος, κελεύει 
σιγᾶν μετ᾽ ἀπειλῆς" μὴ παυομένου δέ, καὶ δεύτερον 
καὶ τρίτον ποιεῖ τὸ αὐτό, τελευταῖον δὲ ἀφαιρεῖ 

a 7 la) ef 7 »Ἅ 
τοῦ σάγου τοσοῦτον ὅσον ἄχρηστον ποιῆσαι τὸ 
λοιπόν. τὸ δὲ περὶ τοὺς ἄνδρας καὶ τὰς γυναῖκας, 
τὸ διηλλάχθαι τὰ ἔργα ὑπεναντίως τοῖς παρ᾽ ἡμῖν, 
κοινὸν καὶ πρὸς ἄλλους συχνοὺς τῶν βαρβάρων 
: 
ἐστί. 

4, Hapa πᾶσι & ὡς ἐπίπαν τρία φῦλα τῶν 
τιμωμένων διαφερόντως ἐστί, Βάρδοι τε καὶ 
Οὐάτεις καὶ Δρυΐδαι: Βάρδοι μὲν ὑμνηταὶ καὶ 
ποιηταί, Οὐάτεις δὲ ἱεροποιοὶ καὶ φυσιολόγοι, 
Δρυΐδαι δὲ πρὸς τῇ φυσιολογίᾳ καὶ τὴν ἠθικὴν 
φιλοσοφίαν ἀσκοῦσι: δικαιότατοι δὲ νομίζονται 
καὶ διὰ τοῦτο πιστεύονται τάς τε ἰδιωτικὰς κρίσεις 
καὶ τὰς κοινάς, ὥστε καὶ πολέμους διήτων πρό- 
τερον καὶ παρατάττεσθαι μέλλοντας ἔπαυον, τὰς 
δὲ φονικὰς δίκας μάλιστα τούτοις ἐπετέτραπτο 
δικάζειν. ὅταν τε φορὰ τούτων ἢ, φορὰν καὶ τῆς 
χώρας νομίζουσιν ὑπάρχειν. ἀφθάρτους δὲ λέ- 
γουσι καὶ οὗτοι καὶ ἄλλοι' τὰς ψυχὰς καὶ τὸν 
κόσμον, ἐπικρατήσειν δέ ποτε καὶ πῦρ καὶ ὕδωρ. 


1 Meineke, following Corais, wrongly inserts of before 
ἄλλοι, making of ἄλλοι refer to the Bards and Vates. 


1 Cp. Diodorus, 5. 31,and Caesar, De Bello Gallico 6. 13-16. 

2 That is, a big yield of criminals for execution. The 
Gauls sacrificed criminals to the gods, and when the supply 
of criminals failed they resorted to the execution even of the 
innocent (Caesar, De Bello Gallico 6. 16). 

3 For example, the Pythagoreans, as Diodorus Siculus says 
(5. 28). 

4 One of the cardinal doctrines of the Druids was that of 


244 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 4. 3-4 


approaches him with drawn sword, and with a threat 
commands him to be silent; if he does not stop, 
the sergeant-at-arms does the same thing a second 
time, and also a third time, but at last cuts off 
enough of the man’s “sagus” to make it useless 
for the future. But as for their custom relating to 
the men and the women (I mean the fact that 
their tasks have been exchanged, in a manner 
opposite to what obtains among us), it is one which 
they share in common with many other barbarian 
peoples. 

4, Among all the Gallic peoples, generally speak- 
ing, there are three sets of men who are held in 
exceptional honour; the Bards, the Vates and the 
Druids.!. The Bards are singers and poets; the 
Vates, diviners and natural philosophers; while the 
Druids, in addition to natural philosophy, study also 
moral philosophy. The Druids are considered the 
most just of men, and on this account they are 
entrusted with the decision, not only of the private 
disputes, but of the public disputes as well; so 
that, in former times, they even arbitrated cases 
of war and made the opponents stop when they 
were about to line up for battle, and the murder 
cases, in particular, had been turned over to them 
for decision. Further, when there is a big yield 
from these cases,? there is forthcoming a big yield 
from the land too, as they think. However, not 
only the Druids, but others as well,? say that men’s 
souls, and also the universe, are indestructible,‘ 
although both fire and water will at some time or 
other prevail over them. 


metempsychosis (Caesar, De Bello Gallico 6. 14). See also 
Diodorus Siculus 5, 28. 


245 


C 198 


STRABO 


5. Τῷ δ᾽ ἁπλῷ καὶ θυμικῷ πολὺ TO ἀνόητον 
καὶ ἀλαζονικὸν πρόσεστι καὶ τὸ φιλόκοσμον' 
χρυσοφοροῦσί τε γάρ, περὶ μὲν τοῖς τραχήλοις 
στρεπτὰ ἔχοντες, περὶ δὲ τοῖς βραχίοσι καὶ τοῖς 
καρποῖς ψέλια, καὶ τὰς ἐσθῆτας βαπτὰς φοροῦσι 
καὶ χρυσοπάστους οἱ ἐν ἀξιώματι. ὑπὸ τῆς 
τοιαύτης δὲ κουφότητος ἀφόρητοι μὲν νικῶντες, 
ἐκπλαγεῖς δ᾽ ἡττηθέντες ὁρῶνται. πρόσεστι δὲ 
τῇ ἀνοίᾳ καὶ τὸ βάρβαρον καὶ τὸ ἔκφυλον ὃ τοῖς 
προσβόροις ἔθνεσι παρακολουθεῖ πλεῖστον, τὸ 
ἀπὸ τῆς μάχης ἀπιόντας τὰς κεφαλὰς τῶν πολε- 
μίων ἐξάπτειν ἐκ τῶν αὐχένων τῶν ἵππων, κομί- 
σαντας δὲ προσπατταλεύειν τὴν θέαν 1 τοῖς προ- 
πυλαίοις. φησὶ γοῦν Ἰ]οσειδώνιος αὐτὸς ἰδεῖν 
ταύτην πολλαχοῦ καὶ τὸ μὲν πρῶτον ἀηδίζεσθαι," 
μετὰ δὲ ταῦτα φέρειν πράως διὰ τὴν συνήθειαν. 
τὰς δὲ τῶν ἐνδόξων κεφαλὰς κεδροῦντες ἐπεδείκνυον 
τοῖς ξένοις, καὶ οὐδὲ πρὸς ἰσοστάσιον χρυσὸν 
ἀπολυτροῦν ἠξίουν. καὶ τούτων δ᾽ ἔπαυσαν av- 
τοὺς Ῥωμαῖοι, καὶ τῶν κατὰ τὰς θυσίας ave 
μαντείας ὑπεναντίων 3 τοῖς παρ᾽ ἡμῖν νομίμοιὶς. 
ἄνθρωπον. δὲ κατεσπεισμένον παίσαντες εἰς νῶτον 
μαχαίρᾳ ἐμαντεύοντο ἐκ τοῦ σφαδασμοῦ. ἔθυον 
δὲ οὐκ ἄνευ Δρυϊδῶν. καὶ ἄλλα δὲ ἀνθρωποθυσιῶν 


1 Meineke transfers τὴν θέαν to a position after ταύτην in 
the following sentence ; quite unnecessarily. 

3 ἀηδίζεσθαι, Jones, for ἀηθίζεσθαι. 

3 ὑπεναντίων, Casaubon, for ὑπεναντίως ; so Corais, and 
Meineke. 


on mae 2 Cp. 3.3. 6andd1. 4.7. 
8. Diodorus Siculus (5. 31) says “" without a philosopher ” 


246 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 4. 5 


5. In addition to their trait of simplicity and 
high-spiritedness,' that of witlessness and boasiful- 
ness is much in evidence, and also that of fondness 
for ornaments; for they not only wear golden orna- 
ments—both chains round their necks and bracelets 
round their arms and wrists—but their dignitaries 
wear garments that are dyed in colours and sprinkled 
with gold. And by reason of this levity of character 
they not only look insufferable when victorious, 
but also scared out of their wits when worsted. 
Again, in addition to their witlessness, there is 
also that custom, barbarous and_ exotic, which 
attends most of the northern tribes—I mean the 
fact that when they depart from the battle they 
hang the heads of their enemies from the necks of 
their horses, and, when they have brought them 
home, nail the spectacle to the entrances of their 
homes. At any rate, Poseidonius says that he 
himself saw this spectacle in many places, and that, 
although at first he loathed it, afterwards, through 
his familiarity with it, he could bear it calmly. The 
heads of enemies of high repute, however, they 
used to embalm in cedar-oil and exhibit to strangers, 
and they would not deign to give them back even 
for a ransom of an equal weight of gold. But the 
Romans put a stop to these customs, as well as to 
all those connected with the sacrifices and divinations 
that are opposed to our usages. They used to 
strike a human being, whom they had devoted to 
death,? in the back with a sabre, and then divine 
from his death-struggle. But they would not sacrifice 
without the Druids.* We are told of still other 


Caesar (De Bello Gallico 6. 13) says ‘‘They” (the Druids) 
‘‘take care of the sacrifices, public and private.” 


247 


STRABO 


εἴδη λέγεται. Kal yap κατετόξευόν twas καὶ 
ἀνεσταύρουν ἐν τοῖς ἱεροῖς καὶ κατασκευάσαντες 
κολοσσὸν χόρτου καὶ ξύλων, ἐμβαλόντες εἰς τοῦ- 
τον βοσκήματα καὶ θηρία παντοῖα καὶ ἀνθρώπους 
ὡλοκαύτουν. 2 : 
3 Ν a 3 la) A 

6. Ἔν δὲ τῷ ὠκεανῷ φησιν εἰναι νῆσον μικρὰν 
οὐ πάνυ πελαγίαν, προκειμένην τῆς ἐκβολῆς τοῦ 
Λείγηρος ποταμοῦ: οἰκεῖν δὲ ταύτην τὰς τῶν 

αμνιτῶν γυναῖκας, Διονύσῳ κατεχομένας καὶ 
ἱλασκομένας τὸν θεὸν τοῦτον τελεταῖς τε καὶ 
ἄλλαις ἱεροποιίαις ἐξιλεουμένας" οὐκ ἐπιβαίνειν 
δὲ ἄνδρα τῆς νήσου, τὰς δὲ γυναῖκας αὐτὰς πλεού- 
σας κοινωνεῖν τοῖς ἀνδράσι καὶ πάλιν ἐπανιέναι. 
ἔθος δ᾽ εἶναι κατ᾽ ἐνιαυτὸν ἅπαξ τὸ ἱερὸν ἀποστε- 
γάζεσθαι καὶ στεγάξεσθαι πάλιν αὐθημερὸν πρὸ 
δύσεως, ἑκάστης φορτίον ἐπιφερούσης" ἧς δ᾽ ἂν 
ἐκπέσῃ τὸ φορτίον, διασπᾶσθαι ταύτην ὑπὸ τῶν 
ἄλλων' φερούσας" δὲ τὰ μέρη περὶ τὸ ἱερὸν μετ᾽ 
εὐασμοῦ μὴ παύεσθαι πρότερον πρὶν παύσωντα! 
τῆς λύττης" ἀεὶ δὲ συμβαίνειν ὥστε τινὰ ἐμπί- 
πτειν τῇ τοῦτο πεισομένῃ.Σ τοῦτο δ᾽ ἔτι μυθωδέ- 
στερον εἴρηκεν ᾿Αρτεμίδωρος τὸ περὶ τοὺς κόρακας 
συμβαῖνον. λιμένα γάρ τινα τῆς παρωκεανίτι- 
δος ἱ ἱστορεῖ Δύο κοράκων ἐπονομαζόμενον, φαίνε- 
σθαι δ᾽ ἐν τούτῳ δύο κόρακας τὴν δεξιὰν πτέρυγα 
παράλευκον ἔχοντας" τοὺς οὖν περί τινων ἀμφισ- 


- ; φερούσας, Xylander, for pepovons ; so the later editors. 
24H... . πεισομένῃ, Jones, for thy... . πεισομένην. 


* Caesar (De Bello Gallico 6. 16) says: ‘‘ Others use images 
of enormous size, whose members, woven out of twigs, they 
fill with living men and set on fire.” 


248 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 4. 5-6 


kinds of human sacrifices; for example, they would 
shoot victims to death with arrows, or impale them 
in the temples, or, having devised a colossus of straw 
and wood, throw into the colossus cattle and wild 
animals of all sorts and human beings, and then 
make a burnt-offering of the whole thing. 

6. In the ocean, he? says, there is a small island, 
not very far out to sea, situated off the outlet of the 
Liger River; and the island is inhabited by the 
women of the Samnitae, and they are possessed by 
Dionysus and make this god propitious by appeasing 
him with mystic initiations as well as other sacred 
performances; and no man sets foot on the island, 
although the women themselves, sailing from it, 
have intercourse with the men and then return 
again. And, he says, it is a custom of theirs once 
a year to unroof the temple and roof it again on 
the same day before sunset, each woman bringing her 
load to add to the roof; but the woman whose load 
falls out of her arms is rent to pieces by the rest, 
and they carry the pieces round the temple with the 
ery of “ Ev-ah,’ ὃ. and do not cease until their frenzy 
ceases; and it is always the case, he says, that some 
one jostles the woman who is to suffer this fate.‘ 
But the following story which Artemidorus has told 
about the case of the crows is still more fabulous: 
there is a certain harbour on the ocean-coast, his 
story goes, which is surnamed “Two Crows,” and 
in this harbour are to be seen two crows, with their 
right wings somewhat white; so the men who have 

2 Poseidonius. 

3 The ‘‘ Ev-ah” isa joyful hallelujah in honour of Dionysus, 
one of whose numerous cult-names is ‘‘ Evas.” 


4 And thus makes the victim, already decided upon 
apparently, drop her load of thatch. 


249 


C 199 


STRABO 


βητοῦντας, ἀφικομένους δεῦρο ἐφ᾽ ὑψηλοῦ τόπου 
σανίδα θέντας ἐπιβάλλειν. ψαιστά, ἑκάτερον 
χωρίς: τοὺς δ᾽ ὄρνεις ἐπιπτάντας τὰ μὲν ἐσθίειν, 
τὰ δὲ σκορπίζειν' οὗ δ᾽ ἂν σκορπισθῇ τὰ ψαιστά, 
ἐκεῖνον νικᾶν. ταῦτα μὲν οὖν μυθωδέστερα λέγει, 
περὶ δὲ τῆς Δήμητρος καὶ Κόρης πιστότερα, ὅτι 
φησὶν εἶναι νῆσον πρὸς τῇ Βρεττανικῇ καθ᾽ ἣν 
ὅμοια τοῖς ἐν Σαμοθράκῃ περὶ τὴν Δήμητραν καὶ 
τὴν Κόρην ἱεροποιεῖται. καὶ τοῦτο δὲ τῶν 
πιστευομένων ἐστίν, ὅτι ἐν τῇ Κελτικῇ φύεται 
δένδρον ὅμοιον συκῇ, καρπὸν δ᾽ ἐκφέρει παραπλή- 
σίον κιοκράνῳ KopuvOcoupyet: ἐπιτμηθεὶς δ᾽ οὗτος, 
ἀφίησιν ὀπὸν θανάσιμον πρὸς τὰς ἐπιχρίσεις τῶν 
βελῶν. καὶ τοῦτο δὲ τῶν θρυλουμένων ἐστίν, ὅτι 
πάντες Κελτοὶ φιλόνεικοί τέ εἰσι, καὶ οὐ νομί- 
ζεται παρ᾽ αὐτοῖς αἰσχρὸν τὸ τῆς ἀκμῆς ἀφειδεῖν 
τοὺς νέους. Ἔφορος δὲ ὑπερβάλλουσάν. τε τῷ 
μεγέθει λέγει τὴν Κελτικήν, ὥστε ἧσπερ νῦν Ἰβη- 
ρίας καλοῦμεν ἐκείνοις τὰ πλεῖστα προσνέμειν 
μέχρι [αδείρων, φιλέλληνάς TE ἀποφαίνει τοὺς 
ἀνθρώπους, καὶ πολλὰ ἰδίως λέγει. περὶ αὐτῶν οὐκ 
ἐοικότα τοῖς νῦν. ἴδιον δὲ καὶ τοῦτο" ἀσκεῖν “γὰρ 
αὐτοὺς μὴ παχεῖς εἶναι μηδὲ προγάστορας, τὸν δ᾽ 
ὑπερβαλλόμενον τῶν νέων. τό τῆς ζώνης μέτρον 


ζημιοῦσθαι. ταῦτα μὲν περὶ τῆς ὑπὲρ TOV’ Αλπεων 
Κελτικῆς. 


1 Meineke reads ἡδονικοί, unwarrantedly, for φιλόνεικοι. 
C. Miller suggests as possible φιλομείρακες; A. Jacob 
conjectures giAdveot. See Diodorus Siculus 5. 28 and 
5. 32. 


1 The Attic name for Persephone (Proserpina). 
250 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 4. 6 


disputes about certain things come here, put a plank 
on an elevated place, and then throw on barley cakes, 
each man separately; the birds fly up, eat some of 
the barley cakes, scatter the others; and the man 
whose barley cakes are scattered wins his dispute. 
Now although this story is more fabulous, his story 
about Demeter and Core! is more credible. He says 
that there is an island near Britain on which sacrifices 
are performed like those sacrifices in Samothrace that 
have to do with Demeter and Core. And the follow- 
ing, too, is one of the things that are believed, namely, 
that in Celtica there grows a tree like a fig-tree, and 
that it brings forth a fruit similar to a Corinthian- 
wrought capital of a column; and that, if an incision 
be made, this fruit exudes a sap which, as used 
for the smearing of arrows, is deadly. And the 
following, too, is one of the things that are repeated 
over and over again, namely, that not only are all 
Celti fond of strife,? but among them it is considered 
no disgrace for the young men to be prodigal of their 
youthful charms.? Ephorus, in his account, makes 
Celtica so excessive in its size that he assigns to the 
regions of Celtica most of the regions, as far as Gades, 
of what we now call Iberia; further, be declares that 
the people are fond of the Greeks, and specifies many 
things about them that do not fit the facts of to-day. 
The following, also, is a thing peculiar to them, 
that they endeavour not to grow fat or pot-bellied, 
and any young man who exceeds the standard measure 
of the girdle is punished. So much for Transalpine 
Celtica. 


2 So says Diodorus Siculus (5. 28). 
- ὃ. Diodorus Siculus (5. 32) says the same, and more, of this 
immorality among the Celts. 


251 


STRABO 
γ 


Ἡ δὲ Βρεττανικὴ τρίγωνος μέν ἐστι τῷ σχή- 
pes παραβέβληται δὲ τὸ μέγιστον αὐτῆς πλευ- 
ρὸν τῇ Κελτικῇ, τοῦ “μήκους οὔθ᾽ ὑπερβάλλον οὔτ᾽ 
ἐλλεΐπον' ἔστι γὰρ ὅσον τετρακισχιλίων καὶ τρια- 
κοσίων ἢ τετρακοσίων σταδίων ἑκάτερον, τό TE 
Κελτικὸν τὸ ἀπὸ τῶν ἐκβολῶν τοῦ Ῥήνου μέχρι 
πρὸς τὰ βόρεια τῆς Πυρήνης ἀ ἄκρα τὰ κατὰ ᾿Ακουι- 
τανίαν καὶ τὸ ἀπὸ Καντίου τοῦ καταντικρὺ τῶν 
ἐκβολῶν τοῦ Ῥήνου, ἑωθινωτάτου σημείου τῆς 
Βρεττανικῆς, μέχρι πρὸς τὸ ἑσπέριον. ἄκρον τῆς 
νήσου τὸ κατὰ τὴν ᾿Ακουιτανίαν καὶ τὴν Ἰ]υρήνην 
ἀντικείμενον. τοῦτο μὲν δὴ τοὐλάχιστον διάστη- 
μα ἀπὸ τῆς Πυρήνης ἐπὶ τὸν Phvov ἐστιν, ἐπεὶ τὸ 
μέγιστον εἴρηται ὅτι καὶ πεντακισχιλίων σταδίων 
ἐστίν: ἀλλ᾽ εἰκὸς εἶναί τινα σύννευσιν ἐκ τῆς 
παραλλήλου θέσεως τῷ ποταμῷ πρὸς τὸ ὄρος, 
ἀμφοτέρωθεν ἐπιστροφῆς τινος γινομένης κατὰ τὰς 
ΤΣ τὸν ὠκεανὸν ἐ ἐσχατιάς. 

2. Tértapa δ᾽ ἐστὶ διάρματα οἷς χρῶνται συνή- 
ae ἐπὶ τὴν νῆσον ἐς τῆς ἠπείρου, τὰ ἀπὸ τῶν 
ἐκβολῶν τῶν ποταμῶν, τοῦ τε Ῥήνου καὶ τοῦ 
Σηκοάνα καὶ τοῦ Λείγηρος καὶ Tou? Γαρούνα. 
τοῖς δ᾽ ἀπὸ τῶν περὶ τὸν Ῥῆνον τόπων ἀναγο- 
μένοις οὐκ aT αὐτῶν τῶν ἐκβολῶν ὁ πλοῦς ἐστιν, 
ἀλλὰ ἀπὸ τῶν ὁμορούντων τοῖς Μεναπίοις Μο- 
ρινῶν, παρ᾽ οἷς ἐστι καὶ τὸ Ἴτιον, ᾧ ἐχρήσατο 
ναυστάθμῳ Καῖσαρ ὁ Θεός, διαίρων εἰς τὴν νῆσον" 


1 χοῦ, before Γαρούνα, inserted by all the editors. 


1 Strabo should have made this the shortest side, as Caesar 
had already done (De Bello Gallico 5. 13). 


252 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 5. 1-2 
Vv 


1. Brirain is triangular in shape; and its longest 
side! stretches parallel to Celtica, neither exceeding 
nor falling short of the length of Celtica; for each 
of the two lengths is about four thousand three 
hundred—or four hundred—stadia: the Celtic 
length that extends from the outlets of the Rhenus 
as far as those northern ends of the Pyrenees that 
are near Aquitania, as also the length that extends 
from Cantium (which is directly opposite the outlets 
of the Rhenus), the most easterly point of Britain, 
as far as that westerly end of the island which lies 
opposite the Aquitanian Pyrenees. This, of course, 
is the shortest distance from the Pyrenees to the 
Rhenus, since, as I have already said,? the greatest 
distance is as much as five thousand stadia; yet it 
is reasonable to suppose that there is a convergence 
from the parallel position which the river and the 
mountains occupy with reference to each other,’ 
since at the ends where they approach the ocean 
there is a curve in both of them. 

2. There are only four passages which are habitually 
used in crossing from the mainland to the island, 
those which begin at the mouths of the rivers—the 
Rhenus, the Sequana, the Liger, and the Garumna. 
However, the people who put to sea from the 
regions that are near the Rhenus make the voyage, 
not from the mouths themselves, but from the coast 
of those Marini who have a common _ boundary 
with the Menapii. (On their coast, also, is Itium, 
which the Deified Caesar used as a naval station 
when he set sail for the island.4 He put to sea by 


21.4. 2and 2. 5. 28. 39.5, 98 and 4. 1. 1. 
4) Cp. ΣΈΕΡΟΥ 


253 


C 200 


STRABO 


νύκτωρ δ᾽ ἀνήχθη καὶ τῇ ὑστεραίᾳ κατῆρε περὶ 
τετάρτην ὥραν, τριακοσίους καὶ εἰκοσι σταδίους 
τοῦ διάπλου τελέσας" κατέλαβε δ᾽ ἐν ἀρούραις 
τὸν σῖτον. ἔστι δ᾽ ἡ πλείστη τῆς νήσου πεδιὰς. 
καὶ κατάδρυμος, πολλὰ δὲ καὶ γεώλοφα τῶν 
χωρίων ἐστί. φέρει δὲ σῖτον καὶ βοσκήματα καὶ 
χρυσὸν καὶ “ἄργυρον καὶ σίδηρον. ταῦτα δὴ κομί- 
ζεται ἐξ αὐτῆς καὶ δέρματα καὶ ἀνδράποδα καὶ 
κύνες εὐφυεῖς πρὸς τὰς κυνηγεσίας" Κελτοὶ δὲ καὶ 
πρὸς τοὺς πολέμους χρῶνται καὶ τούτοις καὶ τοῖς 
ἐπιχωρίοις. οἱ δὲ ἄνδρες εὐμηκέστεροι τῶν Κελ- 
τῶν εἰσι καὶ ἧσσον ξανθότριχες, χαυνότεροι δὲ 
τοῖς σώμασι. σημεῖον δὲ τοῦ μεγέθους" ἀντίπαι- 
δας γὰρ εἴδομεν ἡμεῖς ἐν “Ῥώμῃ τῶν ὑψηλοτάτων 
αὐτόθι ὑπερέχοντας καὶ ἡμιποδίῳ, βλαισοὺς δὲ 
καὶ τἄλλα οὐκ εὐγράμμους τῇ συστάσει. τὰ δ᾽ 
ἤθη 1 τὰ μὲν ὅμοια τοῖς Κελτοῖς, τὰ δ᾽ ἁπλού- 
στερα καὶ βαρβαρώτερα, ὥστ᾽ ἐνίους γάλακτος 
εὐποροῦντας, μὴ τυροποιεῖν διὰ τὴν ἀπειρίαν, 
ἀπείρους δ᾽ εἶναι καὶ κηπείας καὶ ἄλλων γεώργι- 
κῶν. δυναστεῖαι δ᾽ εἰσὶ παρ᾽ αὐτοῖς. πρὸς δὲ 
τοὺς πολέμους ἀπήναις χρῶνται τὸ πλέον, καθά- 
περ καὶ τῶν Κελτῶν ἔνιοι. πόλεις δ᾽ αὐτῶν εἰσιν 

δρυμοί: περιφράξαντες γὰρ δένδρεσι κατα- 


1 ἤθη, the reading of the MSS., Jones restores (for ἔθη). Cp. 
Diodorus Siculus (in reference to the same people): τοῖς 
δ᾽ ἤθεσιν ἁπλοῦς εἶναι (5, 21). 


1 Cp. the time given in 4. 3. 4. Caesar made his first 
voyage to Britain (op. cit. 4. 23) between ‘‘ about the third 
watch” (midnight) and ‘‘the fourth hour of the day” 
(10 a.m.); the second (op. cit. 5. 8), between ‘‘about sun- 


254 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 5. 2 


night and landed on the following day about the 
fourth hour,! thus having completed three hundred 
and twenty stadia? in his voyage across; and he 
found the grain still in the fields.) Most of the 
island is flat and overgrown with forests, although 
many of its districts are hilly. It bears grain, cattle, 
gold, silver,and iron. These things, accordingly, are 
exported from the island, as also hides, and slaves, 
and dogs that are by nature suited to the purposes 
of the chase; the Celti, however, use both these and 
the native dogs for the purposes of war too. The 
men of Britain are taller than the Celti, and 
not so yellow-haired, although their bodies are of 
looser build. The following is an indication of their 
size: I myself, in Rome, saw mere lads towering as 
much as half a foot above the tallest people in the 
city, although they were bandy-legged and presented 
no fair lines anywhere else in their figure. Their 
habits are in part like those of the Celti, but in part 
more simple and barbaric?—so much so that, on 
account of their inexperience, some of them, although 
well supplied with milk, make no cheese; and they 
have no experience in gardening or other agricultural 
pursuits. And they have powerful chieftains in their 
country.* For the purposes of war they use chariots 
for the most part, just as some of the Celti do. 
The forests are their cities; for they fence in a 


set” and ‘‘about noon,” being greatly delayed by unfavourable 
wind and tide. 

2 That is, forty pha Caesar (op. cit, 5, 2) says ‘‘about 
thirty miles.” Cp. 4. 3. 4. 

3 Cp. Caesar op. cit. 5 14 and Diodorus 5. 21. 

4 Diodorus (5. 21) says ‘‘they have many kings and 
chieftains, it is said, who are, for the most part, peaceably 
disposed towards one another.” 


255 


STRABO 


βεβλημένοις εὐρυχωρῆ κύκλον ἐνταῦθα καὶ αὐτοὶ 
καλυβοποιοῦνται καὶ τὰ βοσκήματα κατασταθῦ- 
μεύουσιν, οὐ πρὸς πολὺν χρόνον. ἔπομβροι 
εἰσὶν οἱ ἀέρες μᾶλλον ἢ νιφετώδεις" ἐν δὲ ταῖς 
αἰθρίαις ὁμίχλη κατέχει πολὺν ,Χρόνον, ὥστε δι᾽ 
ἡμέρας ὅλης ἐπὶ τρεῖς μόνον ἢ τέτταρας ὥρας τὰς 
περὶ τὴν μεσημβρίαν ὁρᾶσθαι τὸν ἥλιον: τοῦτο 
δὲ κἀν τοῖς Μορινοῖς συμβαίνει, καὶ τοῖς Μενα- 
πίοις καὶ ὅσοι τούτων πλησιόχωροι. 

3. Δὶς δὲ διέβη Καῖσαρ εἰς τὴν νῆσον ὁ Θεός, 
ἐπανῆλθε δὲ διὰ ταχέων, οὐδὲν μέγα διαπραξά- 
μενος οὐδὲ προελθὼν ἐπὶ πολὺ τῆς νήσου, διά τε 
τὰς ἐν τοῖς Κελτοῖς γενομένας στάσεις τῶν τε 
βαρβάρων καὶ τῶν οἰκείων στρατιωτῶν, καὶ διὰ 
τὸ πολλὰ τῶν πλοίων ἀπολέσθαι κατὰ τὴν πανσέ- 
Anvov αὔξησιν λαβουσῶν τῶν ἀμπώτεων καὶ τῶν 
πλημμυρίδων. δύο μέντοι ἢ τρεῖς νίκας ἐνίκησε 
τοὺς Βρεττανούς, καίπερ δύο τάγματα μόνον πε- 
ραιώσας τῆς στρατιᾶς, καὶ ἀπήγωγεν ὅμηρά τε 
καὶ ἀνδράποδα καὶ τῆς ἄλλης λείας πλῆθος.. νυνὶ 
μέντοι τῶν δυναστῶν τινες τῶν αὐτόθι πρεσβεύ- 
σεσι καὶ θεραπείαις κατασκευασάμενοι τὴν πρὸς 
Καίσαρα τὸν Σεβαστὸν φιλίαν, ἀναθήματά τε 
ἀνέθηκαν ἐν τῷ Καπετωλίῳ καὶ οἰκείαν σχεδόν τι 
παρεσκεύασαν τοῖς “Ρωμαίοις ὅλην τὴν νῆσον' 


1 Cp. Caesar ορ. cit. 5, 21. 

2 It was a question of (1) pasturage and (2) defence against 
the enemy. 

3 Caesar (op. cit. 5. 22) says ‘on account of sudden com- 
motions in Gaul,” "πὰ δ to his second return to the 
continent. 

4 This loss took place before Caesar’s first return, ‘‘on the 
day when the moon is wont to make the maximum tides in 


256 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 5. 2-3 


spacious circular enclosure with trees which they 
have felled,! and in that enclosure make huts for 
themselves and also pen up their cattle—not, how- 
ever, with the purpose of staying a long time.” Their 
weather is more rainy than snowy; and on the days 
of clear sky fog prevails so long a time that throughout 
a whole day the sun is to be seen for only three or 
four hours round about midday. And this is the 
case also among the Morini and the Menapii and all 
the neighbours of the latter. 

3. The Deified Caesar crossed over to the island 
twice, although he came back in haste, without accom- 
plishing anything great or proceeding far into the 
island, not only on account of the quarrels that took 
place in the land of the Celti, among the barbarians 
and his own soldiers as well,®? but also on account of 
the fact that many of his ships had been lost at the 
time of the full moon, since the ebb-tides and the 
flood-tides got their increase at that time.4 How- 
ever, he won two or three victories over the Britons, 
albeit he carried along only two legions of his army ; 
and he brought back hostages, slaves, and quantities 
of the rest of the booty. At present, however, some of 
the chieftains there, after procuring the friendship 
of Caesar Augustus by sending embassies and by 
paying court to him,® have not only dedicated offer- 
ings in the Capitolium, but have also managed to 
make the whole of the island virtually Roman 


the ocean” (op. cit. 4. 28-29). For Strabo’s discussion of 
these tides, see 3. 5. 8. 

5 Augustus had intended to subjugate Britain, but went 
no farther than Gaul (Dio Cassius 53. 22). Caesar mentions 
(Monumentum Ancyranum) two British chieftains who came 
to him as suppliants, ‘‘ Dumnobellaunua” and ‘‘ Tim—” (or 
“ Tinc—”), 


257 


Ο 201 


STRABO 


/ ha ee Ὁ , , n ’ 
τέλη TE οὕτως + ὑπομένουσι βαρέα τῶν TE εἰσαγο- 
μένων εἰς τὴν Κελτικὴν ἐκεῖθεν καὶ τῶν ἐξαγο- 
μένων ἐνθένδε (ταῦτα δ᾽ ἐστὶν ἐλεφάντινα ψάλια 
καὶ περιαυχένια καὶ λυγγούρια " καὶ ὑαλᾶ σκεύη 
καὶ ἄλλος ῥῶπος τοιοῦτος) ὥστε μηδὲν δεῖν φρου- 
ρᾶς τῆς νήσου" τοὐλάχιστον μὲν γὰρ ἑνὸς τάγμα- 
τος χρήζοι ἂν καὶ ἱππικοῦ τίνος, ὥστε καὶ φόρους 
ἀπάγεσθαι παρ᾽ αὐτῶν, εἰς ἴσον δὲ καθίσταιτ᾽ ἀν" 
τὸ ἀνάλωμα τῇ στρατιᾷ τοῖς προσφερομένοις χρή- 
μασιν’ ἀνάγκη γὰρ μειοῦσθαι τὰ τέλη φόρων 
ἐπιβαλλομένων, ἅμα δὲ καὶ κινδύνους ἀπαντᾶν 
τινας, βίας ἐπαγομένης. 

4, Kiot δὲ καὶ ἄλλαι περὶ τὴν Βρεττανικὴν 
νῆσοι μικραί: μεγάλη δ᾽ »ὴ Ἱερνν πρὸς ἄρκτον 
αὐτῇ παρα βεβλημένη, πρόμηκες 4 μᾶλλον πλάτος 
ἔχουσα. περὶ ἧς οὐδὲν ἔχομεν λέγειν σαφές, πλὴν 
OTL ἀγριώτερον τῶν Βρεττανῶν ὑπάρχουσιν οἱ 
κατοικοῦντες αὐτήν, ἀνθρωποφάγοι τεῦ ὄντες καὶ 
πολυφάγοι,5 τούς τε πατέρας τελευτήσαντας κατε- 
σθίειν ἐν καλῷ τιθέμενοι καὶ φανερῶς μίσγεσθαι 

la) ἡ \ X / ger ey ΔῸΣ ἢ 
ταῖς τε ἄλλαις γυναιξὶ καὶ μητράσι καὶ ἀδεχφαῖς 
καὶ ταῦτα δ᾽ οὕτω λέγομεν, ὡς οὐκ ἔχοντες ἀξιο- 

1 οὕτως, Madvig restores, for οὕπως (Xylander’s emenda- 
tion), which is commonly read by the editors since Corais, 
except Tozer. 

2 Avyyovpia, for ἀλλυγούρια (cp. 4. 6. 2 λιγγούριον) ; so the 
editors in general. 

3 καθίσταιτ᾽ ἄν, Meineke from conj. of Kramer, for καθίστατο 
πᾶν. 

4 πρόμηκες, Jones, for προμήκης ; other editors, following 
Corais, wrongly insert # after μᾶλλον. 

5 χε, the reading of some of the MSS., instead of δέ. 


6 For πολυφάγοι some of the editors read ποηφάγοι ( Epitome 
only). 


258 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 5. 3-4 


property. Further, they submit so easily to heavy 
duties, both on the exports from there to Celtica 
and on the imports from Celtica (these latter 
are ivory chains and necklaces, and amber-gems! 
and glass vessels and other petty wares of that sort), 
that there is no need of garrisoning the island; for 
one legion, at the least, and some cavalry would be 
required in order to carry off tribute from them, and 
the expense of the army would offset the tribute- 
money ;” in fact, the duties must necessarily be 
lessened if tribute is imposed, and, at the same time, 
dangers be encountered, if force is applied. 

4. Besides some small islands round about Britain, 
there is also a large island, Ierne,? which stretches 
parallel to Britain on the north, its breadth being 
greater than its length. Concerning this island I 
have nothing certain to tell, except that its inhabi- 
tants are more savage® than the Britons, since they 
are man-eaters as well as heavy eaters,® and since, 
further, they count it an honourable thing, when their 
fathers die, to devour them, and openly to have 
intercourse, not only with the other women, but also 
with their mothers and sisters; but I am saying this 
only with the understanding that I have no trust- 


1 «Tinguria” (Strabo’s word) means gems of red amber, 
like the red amber (‘‘lingurium” 4. 6. 2) on the coast of 
Liguria, from which country it gets its name (Ridgeway, 
Origin of Currency, p. 110). 

ὦ 5518: 3 See 1. 4. 8, 

4 That is, speaking in terms of a rectangle, the geographical 
breadth is longer than the geographical length ; for geogra- 
phical breadth is measured north and south, and geographical 
length, east and west (see 2. 1. 32). And Strabo’s assertion 
about Ireland is correct. 5 See 2, 5. 8. 

6 Some of the editors read ‘‘herb-eaters” instead of 
‘‘heavy eaters ”—perhaps rightly. 


259 
s 2 


STRABO 


πίστους μάρτυρας (καΐτοι TO γε τῆς ἀνθρωποφα- 
γίας καὶ Σκυθικὸν εἶναι λέγεται, καὶ ἐν ἀνάγκαις 
πολιορκητικαῖς καὶ Κελτοὶ καὶ Ἴβηρες καὶ ἄλλοι 
πλείους ποιῆσαι τοῦτο λέγονται). 

5. Περὶ δὲ τῆς Θούλης ἔτι μᾶλλον ἀσαφὴς ἡ 
ἱστορία διὰ τὸν ἐκτοπισμόν" ταύτην γὰρ τῶν ὀνο- 
μαζομένων ἀρκτικωτάτην τιθέασιν. ἃ δ᾽ εἴρηκε 
Πυθέας περί τε ταύτης καὶ τῶν ἄλλων τῶν ταύτῃ 
τόπων ὅτι μὲν πέπλασται, φανερὸν ἐκ τῶν γνωρι- 
ζομένων χωρίων: κατέψευσται γὰρ αὐτῶν τὰ 
πλεῖστα, ὥσπερ καὶ πρότερον εἴρηται, ὥστε δῆλός 
ἐστιν ἐψευσμένος μᾶλλον περὶ τῶν ἐκτετοπι- 
σμένων. πρὸς μέντοι τὰ οὐράνια καὶ τὴν μαθημα- 
τικὴν θεωρίαν av} ἱκανῶς δόξειε κεχρῆσθαι τοῖς 
πράγμασι, τοῖς τῇ κατεψυγμένῃ ζώνῃ πλησιά- 
ζουσι τὸ τῶν καρπῶν εἶναι τῶν ἡμέρων καὶ 
ζῴων τῶν μὲν ἀφορίαν παντελῆ, τῶν δὲ σπάνιν, 
κέγχρῳ δὲ καὶ ἄλλοις 8 λαχάνοις καὶ καρποῖς καὶ 
ῥίζαις τρέφεσθαι: παρ᾽ οἷς δὲ σῖτος καὶ μέλε γί- 


1 ἄν after θεωρίαν, Jones inserts; others insert ay after 
ἱκανῶς, or read δόξει for δόξειε. 

2 τὸ τῶν, Jones restores ; Meineke and others read λέγων ; 
C. Miiller suggests ἱστορῶν. . 

8 Meineke and Corais have emended ἄλλοις to ἀγρίοις ; C. 
Miller conjectures pois. 


1 e.g. when besieged by the Cimbri and Teutones (Caesar, 
Op. tile ds TEs 

2 e.g. when besieged at Numantia by Scipio (Valerius 
Maximus 7. 6). 


3 e.g. the city of Potidaea in Greece (Thucydides, 2. 70). 
4 See 1.4. 2 ff. 


260 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 5. 4-5 


worthy witnesses for it; and yet, as for the matter 
of man-eating, that is said to be a custom of the 
Scythians also, and, in cases of necessity forced by 
sieges, the Celti,t the Iberians,? and several other 
peoples are said to have practised it.® 

5. Concerning Thule? our historical information 
is still more uncertain, on account of its outside 
position : 5 for Thule, of all the countries that are 
named, is set farthest north. But that the things 
which Pytheas has told about Thule, as well as the 
other places in that part of the world, have indeed 
‘been fabricated by him, we have clear evidence from 
the districts that are known to us,® for in most cases 
he has falsified them, as I have already said before,’ 
and hence he is obviously more false concerning the 
districts which have been placed outside the in- 
habited world. And yet, if judged by the science 
of the celestial phenomena® and by mathematical 
theory, he might possibly seem to have made 
adequate use of the facts as regards the people 
who live close to the frozen zone,® when he says 
that, of the animals and domesticated fruits, there 
is an utter dearth of some and a scarcity of the 
others, and that the people live on millet and 
other herbs, and on fruits and roots; and where 
there are grain and honey, the people get their 

5 Strabo has insisted (2. 5. 8) that the northern limit of 
the inhabited world should be placed in Ierne (Ireland), and 
that therefore Thule falls outside. 

6 Strabo means ‘‘from what he has told us about the 
districts that are known to us” (cp. 1. 4. 3). 

5]. 4.00 8 See 1. 1. 15, and footnote 2. 

9 Strabo speaks of ‘‘the people who live close to the 
frozen zone” only for argument’s sake; he himself regards 
such people, as well as those farther north, as non-existent 
so far as geography is concerned (2. 5. 43). 

261 


C 202 


STRABO 


γνεταῖι, καὶ τὸ πόμα ἐντεῦθεν ἐ ἔχειν" τὸν δὲ σῖτον, 
ἐπειδὴ τοὺς ἡλίους οὐκ ἔχουσι καθαρούς, ἐν οἴκοις 
μεγάλοις κόπτουσι, συγκομίσθε τι) δεῦρο τῶν 
σταχύων' αἱ γὰρ ἅλως 1 ἄχρηστοι γίνονται διὰ τὸ 
ἀνήλιον καὶ τοὺς ὄμβρους. 


VI 


ἴω Ὑ 

iL Mera δὲ τὴν ὑπὲρ τῶν Αλπεων Κελτικὴν καὶ 
τὰ ἔθνη Ta ἔχοντα τὴν χώραν ταύτην, περὶ αὐτῶν 
τῶν ᾿Αλπεων λεκτέον καὶ τῶν κατοικούντων αὐτάς, : 
ἔπειτα περὶ τῆς συμπάσης ᾿Ιταλίας, φυλάττουσιν 
ἐν τῇ γραφῇ τὴν αὐτὴν τάξιν ἡ ἥνπερ δίδωσιν ἡ ἡ τῆς 
χώρας φύσις. ἄρχονται μὲν οὖν αἱ ΓἼΑλπεις οὐκ 
ἀπὸ Μονοίκου λιμένος, ὡς εἰρήκασί τίνες, ἀλλ᾽ 
ἀπὸ τῶν αὐτῶν χωρίων ἀφ᾽ ὧνπερ καὶ τὰ ᾿Απέννινα 
ὄρη κατὰ ΤΤένουαν ἐμπόριον Λιγύων καὶ τὰ καλού- 
μενα Σαβάτων Οὔαδα, ὅπερ ἐστὶ τενάγη" τὸ μὲν 
γὰρ ᾿Απέννινον ἀπὸ Vevovas, αἱ δὲ ΓΑλπεις ἀπὸ 

lal / BA \ , 7 Le 3 ᾽ \ 
τῶν Σαβάτων ἔχουσι THY ἀρχήν: στάδιοι δ᾽ εἰσὶ 

\ / \ / 4 \ Ta) 
μεταξὺ Τενούας καὶ Σαβάτων διακόσιοι πρὸς τοῖς 
/ a 
ἑξήκοντα" μετὰ δὲ τριακοσίους πρὸς τοῖς ἑβδομή- 
᾽ / / b] / « 3 2 

κοντα ᾿Αλβίγγαυνόν ἐστι πόλισμα, οἱ δ᾽ ἐνοι- 

an U “ la) 
κοῦντες Λίγυες Ἴγγαυνοι καλοῦνται" ἐντεῦθεν δ᾽ εἰς 

, 

Μονοίκου λιμένα τετρακόσιοι καὶ ὀγδοήκοντα. ἔν 


1 ἅλως, Kramer, for ἄλλως ; so the editors in general. 


1 That is, as well as nourishment. 

2 Obviously a kind of beer, such as ‘‘the wheat-beer pre- 
pared with honey” and ‘‘drunk by the poorer classes” in 
Gaul (Athenaeus 4. 36). Diodorus Siculus (5. 26) refers to 
this ‘‘ beverage” of the Gauls, made of ‘‘ barley ” and ‘‘ mead,” 
‘* what is called beer.” 


262 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 5. 5-6. 1 


beverage, also,! from them.? As for the grain, he 
says,—since they have no pure sunshine—they pound 
it out in large storehouses, after first gathering in 
the ears thither;? for the threshing floors become 
useless because of this lack of sunshine and because 
of the rains. 


VI 


1. Arter Transalpine Celtica and the tribes which 
hold this country, I must tell about the Alps them- 
selves and the people who inhabit them, and then 
about the whole of Italy, keeping the same order in 
my description as is given me by the nature of the 
country. The beginning, then, of the Alps is not at 
the Port of Monoecus, as some have told us, but at 
the same districts as the beginning of the Apennine 
mountains, namely, near Genua, the emporium of the 
Ligures, and what is called Vada (that is, “ Shoals”’) 
Sabatorum:* for the Apennines begin at Genua, and 
the Alps have their beginning at Sabata; and the 
distance, in stadia, between Genua and Sabata is 
two hundred and sixty; then, after three hundred 
and seventy stadia from Sabata, comes the town 
of Albingaunum (its inhabitants are called Ligures 
Ingauni); and thence, to the Port of Monoecus, four 
hundred and eighty stadia. Further, in this last 


3 Diodorus Siculus (5. 21), who, like Strabo, quotes Pytheas 
through Poseidonius, makes a similar reference to the Britons, 
saying that the Britons ‘‘ cut off the ears of grain and store 
them in houses that are roofed over, and pluck the ears from 
day to day. The threshing floors with which Strabo and 
Diodorus were familiar were in the open air, e.g. in Greece 
and Italy. 

4 Also called Vada Sabatia (now Vado). 


263 


STRABO 


TE τῷ μεταξὺ πόλις εὐμεγέθης᾽ Ἄλβιον ᾿Ιντεμέλιον, 
καὶ οἱ κατοικοῦντες ᾿ΙΪντεμέλιοι. καὶ δὴ καὶ ση- 
μεῖον τίθενται τοῦ τὴν ἀρχὴν ἀπὸ τῶν Σαβάτων 
εἶναι ταῖς ἼΑλπεσι ἐκ τῶν ὀνομάτων τούτων" τὰ 
γὰρ "Adria καλεῖσθαι πρότερον Δλβια, καθάπερ 
Καὶ ᾿Αλπιόνια, καὶ γὰρ νῦν ἔτι τὸ ἐν τοῖς ᾿Ιάποσιν 
ὄρος ὑψηλὸν συνάπτον πως τῇ Ὄκρᾳ καὶ ταῖς 
ἼΑλπεσιν "Δλβιον λέγεσθαι, ὡς ἂν μέχρι δεῦρο 
τῶν ᾿Αλπεων ἐκτεταμένων. 

2. Τῶν οὖν Λιγύων τῶν μὲν ὄντων ᾿Ιγγαύνων, 
τῶν δὲ ᾿Ιντεμελίων, εἰκότως τὰς ἐποικίας αὐτῶν 
ἐπὶ τῇ θαλάττῃ, τὴν μὲν ὀνομάζεσθαι Αλβιον 
᾿Ιντεμέλιον, οἷον ΓἼΑλπιον, τὴν δὲ ἐπιτετμημένως 
μᾶλλον ᾿Αλβίγγαυνον. Πολύβιος δὲ προστίθησι 
τοῖς δυσὶ φύλοις τῶν Λιγύων τοῖς λεχθεῖσι τό τε 
τῶν Ὀξυβίων καὶ τὸ τῶν Δεκιητῶν. ὅλως δὲ ἡ 
παραλία αὕτη πᾶσα μέχρι Τυρρηνίας ἐ ἐκ ὃ Μονοι- 
κου λιμένος προσεχής τέ ἐστι καὶ ἀλίμενος πλὴν 
βραχέων ὅρμων καὶ ἀγκυροβολίων. ὑπέρκεινται 
δὲ οἱ τῶν ὀρῶν ἐξαίσιοι κρημνοί, στενὴν ἀπολεί- 
ποντες πρὸς θαλάττῃ πάροδον. κατοικοῦσι δὲ 
Λίγυες, ζῶντες ἀπὸ θρεμμάτων τὸ πλέον καὶ γά- 
λακτος καὶ κριθίνου πόματος, νεμόμενοι τά τε 
πρὸς θαλάττῃ χωρία καὶ τὸ πλέον τὰ ὄρη. ἔχουσι 
δ᾽ ὕλην ἐνταῦθα παμπόλλην ναυπηγήσιμον καὶ 
μεγαλόδενδρον ὥστ᾽ ἐνίων τοῦ πάχους τὴν διάμε- 
τρον ὀκτὼ ποδῶν εὑρίσκεσθαι" πολλὰ δὲ καὶ τῇ 
ποικιλίᾳ τῶν θυΐνων οὐκ ἔστι χείρω πρὸς τὰς 


1 Meineke, following Kramer, reads ᾿Αλπεινά, for ᾿Αλπιόνια. 
2 ἐκ, Meineke, for καί. 


1 « Alpionian,” is now known only as the name of an 
Ktrurian gens. 2 Mt. Velika. Cp. 7. 5, 4 


264 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 1-2 


interval there is a city of fair size, Albium Inte- 
melium, and its occupants are called Intemelii. 
And indeed it is on the strength of these names 
that writers advance a proof that the Alps begin 
at Sabata; for things “Alpian’’ were formerly 
called “ Albian,” as also things “ Alpionian,”! and, 
in fact, writers add that still to-day the high 
mountain? among the Iapodes which almost joins 
Mount Ocra and the Alps is called “ Albius,” thus 
implying that the Alps have stretched as far as that 
mountain. 

2. Since, then, the Ligures were partly Ingauni 
and partly Intemelii, writers add, it was reasonable 
for their settlements on the sea to be named, the 
one, Albium (the equivalent of Alpium) Intemelium, 
and the other, more concisely, Albingaunum. ΡοΪγ- 
bius, however, adds to the two aforesaid tribes of 
the Ligures both that of the Oxybii and that of the 
Decietae. Speaking generally, this whole coastline, 
from the Port of Monoecus as far as Tyrrhenia, is 
not only exposed to the wind but harbourless as well, 
except for shallow mooring-places and anchorages. 
And lying above it are the enormous beetling cliffs of 
the mountains, which leave only a narrow pass next 
to the sea. This country is occupied by the Ligures, 
who live on sheep, for the most part, and milk, and 
a drink made of barley; they pasture their flocks in 
the districts next to the sea, but mainly in the 
mountains. ‘They have there in very great quantities 
timber that is suitable for ship-building, with trees 
so large that the diameter of their thickness is some- 
times found to be eight feet. And many of these 
trees, even in the variegation of the grain, are not 


265 


STRABO 


τραπεζοποιίας. ταῦτά τε δὴ κατάγοτσιν εἰς τὸ 
ἐμπόριον τὴν Γένουαν, καὶ θρέμματα καὶ δέρματα 
καὶ μέλι, ἀντιφορτίζονται δὲ ἔλαιον καὶ οἶνον τὸν 
ἐκ τῆς Ἰταλίας: ὁ δὲ παρ᾽ αὐτοῖς ὀλίγος ἐστὶ πιτ- 
τίτης, αὐστηρός. ἐντεῦθεν δέ εἰσιν οἵ TE} γίννοι 
λεγόμενοι, ἵπποι τε καὶ ἡμίονοι, καὶ οἱ λιγυστινοί 
τε χιτῶνες καὶ ΄σάγοι" πλεονάζει δὲ καὶ τὸ λιγ- 
γούριον παρ᾽ αὐτοῖς, ὅ τίνες ἤλεκτρον προσαγο- 
ρεύουσι. στρατεύονται δ᾽ ἱππεῖς μὲν οὐ πάνυ, 
ὁπλῖται δὲ ἀγαθοὶ καὶ ἀκροβολισταί" ἀπὸ δὲ τοῦ 
χαλκάσπιδας εἶναι τεκμαίρονταί τινες “EXAnvas 
αὐτοὺς εἶναι. 

8, Ὃ δὲ τοῦ Μονοίκου λιμὴν ὅρμος ἐστὶν οὐ 
μεγάλαις οὐδὲ πολλαῖς ναυσίν, ἔχων ἱερὸν “Hpa- 
κλέους Μονοίκου καλουμένου: ἔοικε δὲ ἀπὸ τοῦ 
ὀνόματος καὶ μέχρι δεῦρο διατείνειν ὁ Μασσαλι- 
ωὠτικὸς παράπλους. διέχει δ᾽ ᾿Αντιπόλεως μικρῷ 


1 re γίννοι, Corais, for γυγήνιοι (ABC), γεγήνιοι (Ald.); so 
Groskurd. Meineke and Tozer read only γίννοι, following 
Scaliger, and Casaubon. 


1 Cp. 17. 3. 4; Levelation, 18. 12; Pliny (Nat. Hist. 13. 
29-31), who discusses at length wood for tables, and tells of 
the ‘*mania” of the Romans for large ones of beautiful wood. 

2 Dioscurides (5. 48) gave a formula for the mixture: one 
or two ounces of pitch to about six gallons of new wine. It 
is the resinated wine still used in Greece. 

3 Aristotle (Hist. An. 6. 24) and Pliny (Nat. Hist. 8. 69) 
define the ‘‘ginnus”’ as the stunted foal of a mare by a mule. 
But here the term is simply colloquial for a stunted animal, 
whether horse or mule. The Latin word is “hinnus.” Cp. 
English ‘‘ ginny” and ‘‘ flying-jenny.” 

4 The sagus was a kind of coarse cloak. Cp. 4. 4. 3. 

5 Literally, ‘‘lingurium” (cp. page 259, footnote 1). 

6 “*Monoecus” (of which the ‘‘Monaco” of to-day is a 


266 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 2-3 


inferior to the thyine wood! for the purposes of 
table-making. These, accordingly, the people bring 
down to the emporium of Genua, as well as flocks, 
hides and honey, and receive therefor a return-cargo 
of olive oil and Italian wine (the little wine they 
have in their country is mixed with pitch,? and harsh). 
And this is the country from which come not only 
the so-called “ ginni’’—both horses and mules,?— 
but also the Ligurian tunics and “sagi.’4 And 
they also have in their country excessive quantities 
of amber,® which by some is called “ electrum.”’ 
And although, in their campaigns, they are no good 
at all as cavalrymen, they are excellent heavy-armed 
soldiers and skirmishers ; and, from the fact that they 
use bronze shields, some infer that they are Greeks. 

3. The Port of Monoecus affords a mooring-place 
for no large ships, nor yet for a considerable number ; 
and it has a temple of Heracles “ Monoecus,” ὃ as he 
is called ; and it is reasonable to conjecture from the 
name?’ that the coastal voyages of the Massiliotes 
reach even as far as the Port of Monoecus.8 The 
distance from the Port of Monoecus to Antipolis is a 


corruption) means ‘‘the Solitary.” The epithet was given 
to Heracles, according to Servius (note on the Aeneid 6. 
829), either because Heracles drove out the inhabitants of 
Liguria and remained sole possessor of the land, or because 
it was not the custom to associate other divinities with him 
in the temples dedicated to him; but according to Prof. 
Freeman’s suggestion to Tozer (Selections from Strabo, p. 138), 
the epithet probably refers to the solitary position of the 
place, as being the last of the Greek cities on this coast. 

7 The name is Greek. 

8 Strabo means that the Port of Monoecus probably came 
under the influence of Massilia. He has already said that 
Nicaea, which is only a few miles west of Monoecus, belongs 
to Massilia (4. 1. 9). 


267 


Ο 208 


STRABO 


πλείους ἢ διακοσίους σταδίους. τοὐντεῦθεν δ᾽ ἤδη 
μέχρι Μασσαλίας καὶ μικρὸν προσωτέρω τὸ τῶν 
Σαλλύων ἔθνος οἰκεῖ τὰς Ἄλπεις τὰς ὑπερ- 
κειμένας καί Tia! τῆς αὐτῆς παραλίας ἀναμὶξ 
τοῖς “Βλλησι. καλοῦσι δὲ τοὺς Σάλλυας οἱ μὲν 
παλαιοὶ τῶν “Ἑλλήνων Λίγυας καὶ τὴν χώραν ἣν 
ἔχουσιν οἱ Μασσαλιῶται Λιγυστικήν, οἱ δ᾽ 
ὕστερον Κελτολίγυας ὀνομάζουσι, καὶ τὴν μέχρι 
Λουερίωνος καὶ τοῦ “Ροδανοῦ πεδιάδα τούτοις 
προσνέμουσιν, ἀφ᾽ ἧς οὐ πεζὴν “μόνον, ἀλλὰ καὶ 
ἱππικὴν ἔστελλον στρατιάν, εἰς δέκα μέρη δι- 
ῃρημένοι. πρώτους δ᾽ ἐχειρώσαντο Ῥωμαῖοι 
τούτους τῶν ὑπεραλπίων Κελτῶν, πολὺν χρόνον 
πολεμήσαντες καὶ τούτοις Kal; τοῖς Λίγυσιν, 
ἀποκεκλεικόσι τὰς εἰς τὴν ᾿Ιβηρίαν παρόδους τὰς 
διὰ τῆς παραλίας. καὶ γὰρ καὶ κατὰ γῆν καὶ κατὰ 
θάλατταν ἐληίζοντο καὶ τοσοῦτον ἴσχυον ὥστε 
μόλις στρατοπέδοις μεγάλοις πορευτὴν εἶναι τὴν 
ὁδόν. ὀγδοηκοστὸν δ᾽ ἔτος πολεμοῦντες διεπρά- 
ἕαντο μόλις ὥστ᾽ ἐπὶ δώδεκα σταδίους τὸ πλάτος 
ἀνεῖσθαι τὴν ὁδὸν τοῖς ὁδεύουσι δημοσίᾳ. μετὰ 
ταῦτα μέντοι κατέλυσαν ἅπαντας, καὶ διέταξαν 
αὐτοὶ τὰς πολιτείας, ἐπιστήσαντες φόρον. 3 

4, Μετὰ δὲ τοὺς Σάλλυας ᾿Αλβιεῖς καὶ ᾽Αλ- 
βίοικοι καὶ Οὐοκόντιοι νέμονται τὰ προσάρκτια 
μέρη τῶν ὀρῶν. παρατείνουσι δὲ οἱ Οὐοκόντιοι 


1 σινα, Corais, for τινας ; so the later editors. 
2 φόρον, Aldine Ed., for φόβον ; so the editors in general, 
except Meineke. ᾿ 


1 The Latin form is ‘‘ Ligures.” 


268 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 3-4 


little more than two hundred stadia. As for the 
stretch of country which begins at Antipolis and 
extends as far as Massilia or a little farther, the 
tribe of the Sallyes inhabits the Alps that lie above 
the seaboard and also—promiscuously with the 
Greeks—certain parts of the same seaboard. But 
though the early writers of the Greeks call the Sallyes 
“ Ligues,”! and the country which the Massiliotes 
hold, “ Ligustica,” later writers name them ‘ Celto- 
ligues,’ and attach to their territory all the level 
country as far as Luerio and the Rhodanus, the 
country from which the inhabitants, divided into 
ten parts, used to send forth an army, not only 
of infantry, but of cavalry as well. These were 
the first of the Transalpine Celti that the Romans 
conquered, though they did so only after carrying 
on war with both them and the Ligures for a 
long time—because the latter had barred all the 
passes leading to Iberia that ran through the sea- 
board. And, in fact, they kept making raids both 
by land and sea, and were so powerful that the road 
was scarcely practicable even for great armies, And 
it was not until the eightieth year of the war that 
the Romans succeeded, though only with difficulty, 
in opening up the road for a breadth ? of only twelve 
stadia to those travelling on public business. After 
this, however, they defeated them all, and, having 
imposed a tribute upon them, administered the 
government themselves. 

4, After the Sallyes come the Albienses and the 
Albioeci and the Vocontii, who occupy the northerly 
parts of the mountains. But the Vocontii, stretching 


2 Not from the coastline ; we should say that the Romans 
secured a “‘ right of way.” 


2.9 


STRABO 


μέχρι ᾿Αλλοβρίγων, ἔχοντες αὐλώνας ἐν βάθει 
τῆς ὀρεινῆς ἀξιολόγους καὶ οὐ “χείρους ὧν ἔχουσιν 
ἐκεῖνοι. ᾿Αλλόβριγες μὲν οὖν καὶ Λίγυες ὑπὸ 
τοῖς στρατηγοῖς τάττονται τοῖς ἀφικνουμένοις εἰς 
τὴν Ναρβωνῖτιν, Οὐοκόντιοι δέ, καθάπερ τοὺς 
Οὐόλκας ἔφαμεν τοὺς περὶ Νέμαυσον, τάττονται 
καθ᾽ αὑτούς. τῶν δὲ μεταξὺ τοῦ Οὐάρου καὶ τῆς 
Γενούας Λιγύων οἱ μὲν ἐπὶ τῇ θαλάττῃ τοῖς 
* 9 \ 
᾿Ιταλιώταις εἰσὶν οἱ αὐτοί, ἐπὶ δὲ τοὺς ὀρεινοὺς 
πέμπεταί τις ὕπαρχος τῶν ἱππικῶν ἀνδρῶν, 
/ ie Leather Laps Lf ‘al if Υ 
καθάπερ καὶ ἐπ᾿ ἄλλους τῶν τελέως βαρβάρων. 
J A 
5. Μετὰ δὲ Οὐοκοντίους ᾿Ικόνιοι καὶ Τρικόριοι, 
καὶ pet αὐτοὺς Μέδουλλοι, οἵπερ; τὰς ὑψηλο- 
τάτας ἔχουσι κορυφάς" τὸ γοῦν ὀρθιώτατον αὐτῶν 
e / ε \ 4 \ \ Dat 
ὕψος σταδίων ἑκατὸν ἔχειν φασὶ τὴν ἀνάβασιν, 
΄ “Ὁ 
κἀνθένδε πάλιν τὴν ἐπὶ τοὺς ὅρους τοὺς τῆς 
3 7ὔ ,ὕ ” > ” Ἵ 
Ἰταλίας κατάβασιν. ἄνω δ᾽ ἔν τισι κοίλοις 
7 , \ 
χωρίοις λίμνη τε συνίσταται μεγάλη καὶ πηγαὶ 
ue 3 \ 7 3 / e > \ an 
δύο οὐ πολὺ ἄπωθεν ἀλλήλων, ὧν ἐκ μὲν τῆς 
ἑτέρας ἐστὶν ὃ ὁ Δρουεντίας, ποταμὸς χαραδρώδης 
ὃς ἐπὶ τὸν “Ῥοδανὸν KATAPATTEL, Kal ὁ Aovpias 
εἰς τἀναντία' τῷ γὰρ Πάδῳ συμμίσγει, κατενε- 
χθεὶς διὰ Σαλασσῶν εἰς “τὴν ἐντὸς τῶν ΓΛλπεων 
Κελτικήν. ἐκ δὲ τῆς ἑτέρας πολὺ ταπεινότερος 


1 οἵπερ, Siebenkees, for ὑπέρ; so the editors. 


* For ἐστίν Kramer reads εἶσιν ; so Groskurd, Meineke, 
and Miiller-Diibner. 


1 See 4. 1. 12, and cp. 4. 2. 2 and footnote 3. 

2 ἡ. 6... are autonomous with ‘‘ Latin right” (see 3. 2. 15, 
ἈΦ 1 0 τὲ}. 17. 

3 There were two Durias Rivers, namely, the Durias Major 
(now Dora Baltea) and Durias Minor (now Dora Riparia), 
both of which emptied into the Padus (Po). The Durias 


270 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 4-5 


alongside the others, reach as far as the Allobroges ; 
they have glens in the depths of their mountainous 
country that are of considerable size and not inferior 
to those which the Allobroges have. Now the 
Allobroges and the Ligures are ranked as subject 
to the praetors who come to Narbonitis, but the 
Vocontii (as I said of the Volcae who live round 
about Nemausus) are ranked as autonomous.! Of 
the Ligures who live between the Varus River and 
Genua, those who live on the sea are the same as 
the Italiotes,? whereas to the mountaineers a praefect 
of equestrian rank is sent—as is done in the case of 
other peoples who are perfect barbarians. 

5. After the Vocontii come the Iconii and the 
Tricorii ; and after them the Medulli, who hold the 
loftiest peaks. At any rate, the steepest height of 
these peaks is said to involve an ascent of a hundred 
stadia, and an equal number the descent thence to the 
boundaries of Italy. And up in a certain hollowed- 
out region stands a large lake, and also two springs 
which are not far from one another. One ot these 
springs is the source of the Druentia, a torrential 
river which dashes down towards the Rhodanus, and 
also of the Durias, which takes the opposite direction, 
since it first courses down through the country of 
the Salassi into Cisalpine Celtica and then mingles 
with the Padus ;* while from the other spring there 
issues forth, considerably lower than the region 


Major passed through the country of the Salassi, who lived 
round about Augusta Praetoria Salassorum (now Aosta), 
while the Durias Minor rose near the Druentia (Durance) 
and emptied into the Padus at what is now Turin, some 
twenty miles west of the mouth of the Durias Major. Strabo, 
it appears, confuses the two rivers, for he is obviously talking 
about the Durias Minor. 

271 


Ο 204 


STRABO 


a Ξ / ὃ is 3. ἘῸΝ ‘ 
τούτων TOV χωρίων ἀναδίδωσιν αὐτὸς ὁ Πάδος, 
πολύς τε καὶ ὀξύς, προϊὼν δὲ γίνεται μείζων καὶ 
πρᾳότερος. ἐκ πολλῶν γὰρ λαμβάνει τὴν αὔξησιν 
ἐν τοῖς πεδίοις ἤδη γενόμενος καὶ πλατύνεται" τῇ 
οὖν διαχύσει περισπᾷ καὶ ἀμβλύνει τὸν ῥοῦν' εἰς 
δὲ τὴν ᾿Αδριατικὴν θάλατταν ἐκπίπτει, μέγιστος 
γενόμενος τῶν κατὰ τὴν Εὐρώπην ποταμῶν πλὴν 
as ς / > € / / 
τοῦ Ἴστρου. ὑπέρκεινται δ᾽ οἱ Μέδουλλοι μάλιστα 
τῆς συμβολῆς τοῦ Ἴσαρος πρὸς τὸν ἱΡοδανόν. 
3 οὗ N / / \ ον \ 2 ’, 

6. “Em δὲ θάτερα μέρη τὰ πρὸς τὴν [ταλίαν 
κεκλιμένα ' τῆς λεχθείσης ὀρεινῆς Ῥαυρινοί τε 
οἰκοῦσι Λεγυστικὸν ἔθνος καὶ ἄλλοι Λίγυες. 
τούτων δ᾽ ἐστὶ καὶ ἡ τοῦ Δόννου 5 λεγομένη γῆ 

\ 3 a K δ \ δὲ " \ Ν II (ὃ 
καὶ ὅ τοῦ Κοττίου. μετὰ δὲ τούτους καὶ τὸν Πάδον 
Σαλασσοί: ὑπὲρ δὲ τούτων ἐν ταῖς κορυφαῖς 
Κεύτρωνες * καὶ Κατόριγες καὶ Οὐάραγροι καὶ 
Navrovadtat καὶ ἡ Anpevva λίμνη, δι ἧς 0 ‘Po- 
δανός φέρεται, καὶ 1) πηγὴ τοῦ ποταμοῦ. οὐκ 
ἄπωθεν δὲ τούτων οὐδὲτοῦ Ῥήνου αἱ πηγαί, οὐδ᾽ ὁ 
2 4 A> oy b) ie: Care NF SP a aS \ 
Adovras τὸ ὄρος, ἐξ οὗ pet καὶ ὁ Ῥῆνος ἐπὶ tas 
» \ ς Σ Ud 3 b A > / 
ἄρκτους καὶ ὁ ᾿Αδούας εἰς τἀναντία ἐμβάλλων 
εἰς τὴν Λάριον λίμνην τὴν πρὸς τῷ Κώμῳ. 
ὑπέρκεινται δὲ τοῦ ἹΚώμου πρὸς τῇ pity τῶν 
ἜΝ ἊΣ , Deh nce \ \ as 

πεων ἱδρυμένου ὃ TH μὲν Partol καὶ Οὐέννωνες 
ἐπὶ τὴν ἕω κεκλιμένοι, τῇ δὲ Ληπόντιοι καὶ 
Τριδεντῖνοι καὶ Στόνοι καὶ ἄλλα πλείω μικρὰ 

1 κεκλιμένα, Xylander, for κεκριμένα ; so the editors. 

2 Advvov, conj. of Siebenkees, for ᾿Ιδεόννου (Aovarov marg. 
A prim. manu); so the editors in general. See Pauly- 
Wissowa, 5... Donnus, Ὁ. 1548. 

3 Casaubon inserts 7 after καί ; so some of the editors, 


including Meineke. 4 Κεύτρωνες, A. Jacob, for Kévtpwves. 
5 ἱδρυμένου, Xylander, for ἱδρυμέναι. 


272 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 5-6 


above-mentioned, the Padus itself, large and swift, 
although as it proceeds it becomes larger and more 
gentle in its flow; for from the time it reaches the 
plains it is increased from many streams and is thus 
widened out; and so, because of the spreading out 
of its waters, the force of its current is dispersed and 
blunted ; then it empties into the Adriatic Sea, 
becoming the largest of. all the rivers in Europe 
except the Ister. The situation of the Medulli is, 
to put it in a general way, above the confluence of 
the Isar and the Rhodanus. 

6. Towards the other parts (I mean the parts 
which slope towards Italy) of the aforesaid moun- 
tainous country dwell both the Taurini, a Ligurian 
tribe, and other Ligures; to these latter belongs 
what is called the land of Donnus! and Cottius.? 
And after these peoples and the Padus* come the 
Salassi; and above them, on the mountain-crests, 
the Ceutrones, Catoriges, Varagri, Nantuates, Lake 
Lemenna (through which the Rhodanus courses), 
and the source of the Rhodanus. And not far from 
these are also the sources of the Rhenus, and Mount 
Adula, whence flows not only, towards the north, 
the Rhenus, but also, in the opposite direction, the 
Addua, emptying into Lake Larius, which is near 
Comum. And-beyond Comum, which is situated near 
the base of the Alps, lie, on the one side, with its 
slope towards the east, the land of the Rhaeti and 
the Vennones, and, on the other, the land of the 
Lepontii, Tridentini, Stoni, and several other small 

1 The father of Cottius. 2. Ορ. 4.1. 8. 

3 The words ‘‘and the Padus ” have perplexed some of the 
commentators. They are added, apparently, for the purpose 


of definitely placing all the Salassi north of the Padus; the 
Taurini lived on both sides of the river. 


273 


VOL. II. T 


STRABO 


“ NM \ 3 "4 9 “Ὁ 4 
ἔθνη κατέχοντα τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν ἐν τοῖς πρόσθεν 
, \ Yi \ \ \ 
χρόνοις, λῃστρικὰ Kal ἄπορα" νυνὶ δὲ τὰ μὲν 
γ..7 \ bey eee 4 / ce \ > 
ἐξέφθαρται, τὰ δ᾽ ἡμέρωται τελέως ὥστε τὰς OL 
lal \ a 3, , μα 
αὐτῶν ὑπερβολὰς τοῦ ὄρους, πρότερον οὔσας 
> M4 \ rd \ is 3 
ὀλίγας καὶ δυσπεράτους, νυνὶ πολλαχόθεν εἶναι 
\ ’ ἴω 3 Ν ἴω >] Ψ Ni 3 , 
καὶ ἀσφαλεῖς ἀπὸ τῶν ἀνθρώπων Kal εὐβάτους, 
\ \ 
ὡς ἔνεστι, διὰ τὴν κατασκευήν. προσέθηκε γὰρ 
\ an na V2 n “ 
Σεβαστὸς Καῖσαρ τῇ καταλύσει τῶν λῃστῶν 
\ A an € an 7 ih are 
τὴν κατασκευὴν τῶν ὁδῶν, ὅσην οἷόν T ἣν" OU 
\ \ rn \ 7, 
γὰρ δυνατὸν πανταχοῦ βιάσασθαι τὴν φύσιν, 
\ rn A , la) \ 
dud πετρῶν Kal Kpnuvov ἐξαισίων, τῶν μὲν 
/ a fal a , 
ὑπερκειμένων τῆς ὁδοῦ, τῶν δ᾽ ὑποπιπτόντων, 
e \ a 7 ἘΝ \ 
ὥστε καὶ μικρὸν ἐκβᾶσιν ἄφυκτον εἶναι τὸν 
/ 7 a , 
κίνδυνον, εἰς φάραγγας ἀβύσσους τοῦ πτώματος 
\ , ne 
ὄντος. οὕτω δέ ἐστι στενὴ κατά τινα" αὐτοῦ ἡ 
CANIN , a a 7 
ὁδὸς ὥστ᾽ idtyyov φέρειν τοῖς πεζῇ βαδίζουσι 
an id a JA \ ’ 
καὶ αὐτοῖς καὶ ὑποξυγίοις τοῖς ἀήθεσι' τὰ δ᾽ 
ἐπιχώρια κομίξει τοὺς φόρτους ἀσφαλῶς. οὔτ᾽ 
οὖν ταῦτα ἰάσιμα οὔθ᾽ αἱ κατολισθάνουσαι 
πλάκες τῶν κρυστάλλων ἄνωθεν ἐξαίσιοι, συν- 
7 “ Σ ,ὕ “4 Ν 
οδίαν ὅλην ἀπολαμβάνειν δυνάμεναι καὶ συνεξ- 
᾽ν \ \ Ν 
ωθεῖν εἰς τὰς ὑποπιπτούσας φάραγγας" πολλαὶ γὰρ 
> Ἢ 3 / if / > pats ig 
ἀλλήλαις ἐπίκεινται πλάκες, πάγων ἐπὶ πάγοις 
/ fo) / A a 
γενομένων τῆς χιόνος κρυσταλλωδῶν, Kal τῶν 
an / Ν᾽ n Ἂν 
ἐπιπολῆς ἀεὶ ῥᾳδίως ἀπολυομένων ἀπὸ τῶν ἐντὸς 
\ a / 2 a Cine 
πρὶν διαλυθῆναι τελέως ἐν τοῖς ἡλίοις. 
1 ὡς ἔνεστι, Corais from conj. of Tyrwhitt, for ὧν ἕν ἐστι 


(ACI) ), ὧν ἔνεστι (B) ; so the later editors. 
2 τινα, Kramer, for τι ; So the editors in general. 


274 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 6 


tribes, brigandish and resourceless, which in former 
times held the upper hand in Italy; but as it is, 
some of the tribes have been wholly destroyed, while 
the others have been so completely subdued that 
the passes which lead through their territory 
over the mountain, though formerly few and hard 
to get through, are now numerous, and safe from 
harm on the part of the people, and easily passable — 
so far as human device can make them so. For in 
addition to his putting down the brigands Augustus 
Caesar built up the roads as much as he possibly 
could; for it was not everywhere possible to over- 
come nature by forcing a way through masses of 
rock and enormous beetling cliffs, which sometimes 
lay above the road and sometimes fell away 
beneath it, and consequently, if one made even a 
slight misstep out of the road, the peril was one 
from which there was no escape, since the fall reached 
to chasms abysmal. And at some places the road 
there is so narrow that it brings dizziness to all 
who travel it afoot—not only to men, but also to 
all beasts of burden that are unfamiliar with it; 
the native beasts, however, carry the burdens with 
sureness of foot. Accordingly, these places are 
beyond remedy; and so are the layers of ice that 
slide down from above—enormous layers, capable 
of intercepting a whole caravan or of thrusting them 
all together into the chasms that yawn below; for 
there are numerous layers resting one upon another, 
because there are congelations upon congelations of 
snow that have become ice-like, and the congela- 
tions that are on the surface are from time to time 
easily released from those beneath before they are 
completely dissolved in the rays of the sun. 


275 
fe we 


C 205 


STRABO 


7. Ἢ! δὲ τῶν Σαλασσῶν πολλὴ μέν ἐστιν ἐν 
αὐλῶνι βαθεῖ, τῶν ὀρῶν ἀμφοτέρων * κλειόντων 
τὸ χωρίον, μέρος δέ TL αὐτών ἀνατείνει καὶ πρὸς 
τὰς ὑπερκειμένας κορυφάς. τοῖς οὖν ἐκ τῆς 
᾿Ιταλίας ὑπερτιθεῖσι τὰ ὄρη διὰ τοῦ λεχθέντος 
αὐλῶνός ἐστιν ἡ ὁδός. εἶτα σχίζεται δίχα" καὶ ἡ 
μὲν διὰ τοῦ Ποινίνου “λεγομένου φέρεται, ζεύγεσιν 
οὐ βατὴ κατὰ τὰ ἄκρα τῶν ΓΑλπεων, ἢ δὲ διὰ 
Κευτρώνων " δυσμικωτέρα. ἔχει δὲ καὶ χρυσεῖα 
ἡ τῶν Σαλασσῶν, ἃ κατεῖχον ἰσχύοντες οἱ Σα- 
λασσδὶ πρότερον, καθάπερ καὶ τῶν παρόδων ἢ ἦσαν 
κύριοι. προσελάμβανε δὲ πλεῖστον εἰς τὴν μεταλ- 
λείαν αὐτοῖς ὁ Δουρίας ποταμός, εἰς τὰ χρυσο- 
pede διόπερ ἐπὶ πολλοὺς τόπους ΄σχίζοντες 
δἰο εὐτὰς ἐξοχετείας τὸ ὕδωρ τὸ κοινὸν ῥεῖθρον 
ἐξεκένουν. τοῦτο δ᾽ ἐκείνοις μὲν συνέφερε πρὸς 
τὴν τοῦ χρυσοῦ θήραν, τοὺς δὲ γεωργοῦντας τὰ 
ὑπ᾽ αὐτοῖς πεδία, τῆς ἀρδείας στερουμένους, 
ἐλύπει, τοῦ ποταμοῦ δυναμένου ποτίζειν τὴν 
χώραν διὰ τὸ ὑπερδέξιον ἐ ἔχειν τὸ ῥεῖθρον. ἐκ δὲ 
ταύτης τῆς αἰτίας πόλεμοι συνεχεῖς ἦσαν πρὸς 
ἀλλήλους ἀμφοτέροις τοῖς ἔθνεσι. κρατησάντων 
δὲ “Ρωμαίων, τῶν μὲν χρυσουργείων ἐξέπεσον καὶ 
τῆς χώρας οἱ Σαλασσοί, τὰ δ᾽ ὄρη κατέχοντες 
ἀκμὴν τὸ ὕδωρ ἐπώλουν τοῖς δημοσιώναις τοῖς 
ἐργολαβήσασι Ta χρυσεῖα: καὶ πρὸς τούτους “ δ᾽ 
ἧσαν ἀεὶ διαφοραὶ διὰ τὴν πλεονεξίαν τῶν δημο- 


1 For ἀμφοτέρων, Casaubon reads ἀμφοτέρωθεν ; so Meineke, 
and others. 

2 Κευτρώνων, A. Jacob, for Κεντρώνων. 

3 εἰς before τάς, Casaubon inserts; so the editors in 
general. 

4 τούτους, Xylander, for τούτοις ; so the later editors. 


276 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 7 


7. Most of the country of the Salassi lies in a 
deep glen, the district being shut in by both 
mountains, whereas a certain part of, their territory 
stretches up to the mountain-crests that lie above. 
Accordingly, the road for all who pass over the 
mountains from Italy runs through the aforesaid 
glen. Then the road forks; and one fork runs 
through what is called Poeninus! (a road which, 
for wagons, is impassable near the summits of the 
Alps), while the other runs more to the west, 
through the country of the Ceutrones. The country 
of the Salassi has gold mines also, which in former 
times, when the Salassi were powerful, they kept 
possession of, just as they were also masters of the 
passes. The Durias River was of the greatest aid 
to them in their mining—I mean in washing the 
gold; and therefore, in making the water branch 
off to numerous places, they used to empty the 
common bed completely. But although this was 
helpful to the Salassi in their hunt for the gold, 
it distressed the people who farmed the plains below 
them, because their country was deprived of irriga- 
tion; for, since its bed was on favourable ground 
higher up, the river could give the country water. 
And for this reason both tribes were continually at 
war with each other. But after the Romans got 
the mastery, the Salassi were thrown out of their 
gold-works and country too; however, since they 
still held possession of the mountains, they sold 
water to the publicans who had contracted to work 
the gold mines; but on account of the greediness 
of the publicans 2 the Salassi were always in disagree- 


1 That is, through the Pennine Alps, by Mt. Great Bernard. 

2 Cp. the greed of the New Testament publicans (e.g. 
Luke 3. 13). 

277 


C 206 


STRABO 


σιωνῶν. οὕτω δὲ συνέβαινε τοὺς στρατηγιῶντας 
ἀεὶ τῶν Ῥωμαίων καὶ πεμπομένους ἐπὶ τοὺς 
τόπους εὐπορεῖν προφάσεων ἀφ᾽ ὧν πολεμήσουσι. 
μέχρι μὲν δὴ τῶν νεωστὶ χρόνων τοτὲ μὲν πο- 
λεμούμενοι, τοτὲ δὲ ᾿καταλυόμενοι τὸν πρὸς τοὺς 
“Ῥωμαίους πόλεμον io Xvov ὅμως, καὶ πολλὰ κατέ- 
βλαπτον τοὺς Ob αὐτῶν ὑπερβάλλοντας τὰ ὄρη 
κατὰ τὸ λῃστρικὸν ἔθος" οἵ γε καὶ Δέκιμον Βροῦ- 
τον φυγόντα ἐκ Μουτίνης ἐπράξαντο δραχμὴν 
κατ᾽ ἄνδρα: Μεσσάλας δὲ πλησίον αὐτῶν χειμα- 
δεύων τιμὴν ξύλων κατέβαλε τῶν τε καυσίμων 
καὶ τῶν πτελεΐνων ἀκοντισμάτων καὶ τῶν γυμνα- 
στικῶν. ἐσύλησαν. δέ ποτε καὶ χρήματα Καί- 
σαρος οἱ ἄνδρες οὗτοι καὶ ἐπέβαλον κρημνοὺς 
στρατοπέδοις, πρόφασιν ὡς ὁδοποιοῦντες ἢ ἢ γεφυ- 
ροῦντες ποταμούς. ὕστερον μέντοι κατεστρέψατο 
αὐτοὺς ἄρδην ὁ Σεβαστὸς καὶ πάντας ἐλαφυροπώ.- 
MITE; κομισθέντας εἰς ᾿Επορεδίαν, “Ῥωμαίων a aTrol- 
κίαν, ἣν συνῴκισαν μέν, φρουρὰν εἶναι βουλόμενοι 
τοῖς Σαλασσοῖς, ὀλίγον δ᾽ ἀντέχειν ἐδύναντο οἱ 
αὐτόθι ἕ ἕως ἠφανίσθη τὸ ἔθνος. τῶν μὲν οὖν ἄλλων 
σωμάτων τρεῖς “μυριάδες ,ἐξητάσθησαν ἐπὶ τοῖς 
ἑξακισχιλίοις, τῶν δὲ μαχίμων ἀνδρῶν ὁ ὀκτακισχί- 
Lol, πάντας δ᾽ ἐπώλησε Τερέντιος Οὐάρρων ὑπὸ 


1 δημοσιωνῶν, Xylander, for δημοσίων ; so the later ἘΠ ΑΣ 


1 43 B.C. 

2 About sixteen American cents, with far greater purchas- 
ing power. 

3 Perhaps for ‘‘ wooden swords” and the like, used in 
‘‘sham battles,” as described by Polybius 10. 20. 

4 Now Ivrea. 


278 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 7 


ment with them too. And in this way it resulted 
that those of the Romans who from time to time 
wished to lead armies and were sent to the regions 
in question were well provided with pretexts for 
war, Until quite recently, indeed, although at one 
time they were being warred upon by the Romans 
and at another were trying to bring to an end their 
war against the Romans, they were still powerful, 
and, in accordance with their custom of brigandage, 
inflicted much damage upon those who _ passed 
through their country over the mountains; at any 
rate, they exacted even from Decimus Brutus, on 
his flight from Mutina,t a toll of a drachma? 
per man; and when Messala was wintering near 
their country, he had to pay for wood, cash down, 
not only for his fire-wood but also for the elm-wood 
used for javelins and the wood used for gymnastic 
purposes. And once these men robbed even Caesar 
of money and threw crags upon his legions under 
the pretext that they were making roads or bridging 
rivers. Later on, however, Augustus completely 
overthrew them, and sold all of them as booty, 
after carrying them to Eporedia,* a Roman colony ; 
and although the Romans had colonised this city ὃ 
because they wished it to be a garrison against the 
Salassi, the people there were able to offer only 
slight opposition until the tribe, as such, was 
wiped out, Now although the number of the other 
persons ὁ captured proved to be thirty-six thousand 
and, of the fighting men, eight thousand, T'erentius 
Varro, the general who overthrew them, sold all 


5 Thus making it a ‘‘Roman colony.” This was done in 
100 B.c. by order of the Sibylline Books (Pliny 3. 21). 
6 The non-combatants. 


279 


STRABO 


δόρυ, καταστρεψάμενος αὐτοὺς στρατηγός. τρισ- 
χιλίους δὲ “Ῥωμαίων πέμψας ὠκισε τὴν πόλιν 
Αὐγούσταν ὃ Καῖσαρ ἐν ᾧ ἐστρατοπέδευσε χωρίῳ 
ὁ Οὐάρρων, καὶ νῦν εἰρήνην ἄγει πᾶσα ἡ πλη- 
τ ΧΟ μέχρι τῶν ἄκρων ὑπερβολῶν τοῦ ὄρους. 

Ἑξῆς δὲ τὰ πρὸς ἕω μέρη τῶν ὀρῶν καὶ τὰ 
ἔτ πρὸς νότον Ῥαιτοὶ καὶ Οὐινδολιεκοὶ 
κατέχουσι, συνάπτοντες ᾿Ελουηττίοις καὶ Βοΐοις" 
ἐπίκεινται γὰρ τοῖς ἐκείνων πεδίοις. οἱ μὲν οὖν 
“Ῥαιτοὶ μέχρι τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας καθήκουσι τῆς ὑπὲρ 
Οὐήρωνος καὶ ἹΚώμου (καὶ ὅ ὅ γε Ῥαιτικὸς οἶνος, 
τῶν ἐν τοῖς ᾿Ιταλικοῖς ἐπαινουμένων οὐκ ἀπο- 
λείπεσθαι δοκῶν, ἐν ταῖς τούτων ὑπωρείαις γίνε- 
ται), διατείνουσι δὲ καὶ μέχρι τῶν χωρίων, δι᾽ ὧν 
ὁ Ῥῆνος φέρεται" τούτου δ᾽ εἰσὶ τοῦ φύλου καὶ 
Ληπόντιοι. καὶ Kapodvo..' οἱ δὲ Οὐινδολιεκοὶ καὶ 
Νωρικοὶ τὴν ἐκτὸς παρώρειαν κατεέχδῦυσι τὸ πλέον 
μετὰ Βρεύνων καὶ Γεναύνων," ἤδη τούτων Ἴλλυ- 
ριῶν. ἅπαντες δ᾽ οὗτοι καὶ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας τὰ 
γειτονεύοντα μέρη κατέτρεχον ἀεὶ καὶ τῆς ᾿ὥλουητ- 
τίων καὶ Σηκοανῶν καὶ Βοΐων καὶ Γερμανῶν. 
ἰταμώτατοι δὲ τῶν μὲν Οὐινδολικῶν ἐξητάζοντο 
Λικάττιοι καὶ Ἰζλαυτηνάτιοι καὶ Οὐέννωνες, τῶν 
δὲ Ραιτῶν 'Ρουκάντιοι καὶ ἹΚωτουάντιοι. καὶ οἱ 
᾿Εστίωνες δὲ τῶν Οὐινδολικῶν εἰσι καὶ Βριγάντιοι, 
καὶ πόλεις αὐτῶν Βριγάντιον καὶ ΚΚαμβόδουνον, 


' Καμοῦνοι, Xylander, for Καμοῦλοι; so the later editors. 
2 Βρεύνων and Γεναύνων, Xylander, for Βρέγκων and 
Tevvavwy ; so the later editors. 


1 The Greek is a translation of the Latin sub hasta. 
* Augusta Praetoria, about 24 B.c. 


280 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 7-8 


of them under the spear.t And Caesar sent three 
thousand Romans and founded the city of Augusta 2 
in the place where Varro had pitched his camp, 
and at the present time peace is kept by all the 
neighbouring country as far as the highest parts of 
the passes which lead over the mountain. 

8. Next, in order, come those parts of the moun- 
tains that are towards the east, and those that 
bend round towards the south: the Rhaeti and the 
Vindelici occupy them, and their territories join 
those of the Elvetii and the Boii; for their terri- 
tories overlook the plains of those peoples. Now 
the Rhaeti reach down as far as that part of Italy 
which is above Verona and Comum (moreover, the 
“ Rhaetic’”’ wine, which has the repute of not being 
inferior to the approved wines of the Italic regions, 
is made in the foot-hills of the Rhaetic Alps), and 
also extend as far as the districts through which 
the Rhenus runs; the Lepontii, also, and Camuni, 
belong to this stock. But the Vindelici and Norici 
occupy the greater part of the outer side of the 
mountain, along with the Breuni and the Genauni, 
the two peoples last named being Illyrians.? All 
these peoples used to overrun, from time to time, 
the neighbouring parts, not only of Italy, but also 
of the country of the Elvetii, the Sequani, the Boii 
and the Germans. The Licattii, the Clautenatii, 
and the Vennones proved to be the _ boldest 
warriors of all the Vindelici, as did the Rucantii 
and the Cotuantii of all the Rhaeti. The Estiones, 
also, belong to the Vindelici, and so do the Brigantii, 
and their cities, Brigantium and Cambodunum, and 


8 The Breuni and Genauni were defeated by Drusus in 
17 z.c. Cp. Horace Carmina 4. 14. 10 ff. 


281 


C 207 


STRABO 


\ at lal ? Ψ 3 , / 
καὶ ἡ τῶν Λικαττίων ὥσπερ ἀκρόπολις Δαμασία. 
“ Ν \ a la he 
τῆς δὲ πρὸς τοὺς ᾿Ιταλιώτας τῶν λῃστῶν τούτων 
, A \ 
χαλεπότητος λέγεταί TL τοιοῦτον, ὡς, ἐπειδὰν 
4 3 / \ 
ἕλωσι κώμην ἢ πόλιν, OV μόνον ἡβηδὸν ἀνδροφο- 
A \ a / Pe 4 
νοῦντας, ἀλλὰ Kal μέχρι τῶν νηπίων προΐοντας 
na 3 7, \ Pe a i ΕΣ \ 
TOV ἀρρένων, Kal μηδ᾽ ἐνταῦθα πανομένους, ἀλλὰ 
a / a 
Kal Tas ἐγκύους γυναῖκας κτείνοντας ὅσας φαῖεν 
e an 
Ol μάντεις ἀρρενοκυεῖν. 
\ a 
9. Μετὰ δὲ τούτους οἱ ἐγγὺς ἤδη τοῦ ᾿Αδρια- 
an a - 3 / 
τικοῦ μυχοῦ Kal τῶν κατὰ ᾿Ακυληίαν τόπων 
a a J x “ \ 
οἰκοῦσι, Νωρικῶν τέ τινες καὶ ἹΚάρνοι" τῶν δὲ 
a ν᾽ 
Νωρικῶν εἰσι καὶ οἱ Ταυρίσκοι. πάντας δ᾽ ἔπαυσε 
a , A , No eS N 
TOV ἀνέδην καταδρομῶν Τιβέριος καὶ ὁ ἀδελφὸς 
3 a a , n e/ > Nemes) , \ 
αὐτοῦ Δροῦσος θερείᾳ μιᾷ, ὥστ᾽ ἤδη τρίτον καὶ 
\ 7 ᾿ ’ , / 
τριακοστὸν ἔτος ἐστὶν ἐξ οὗ καθ᾽ ἡσυχίαν ὄντες 
an ΄ An Ἁ 
ἀπευτακτοῦσι τοὺς φόρους. κατὰ πᾶσαν δὲ τὴν 
nf 2 7 » \ \ , 
τῶν ᾿Αλπεων ὀρεινὴν ἐστι μὲν καὶ γεώλοφα χω- 
/ a n rn 5 
pla καλῶς γεωργεῖσθαι δυνάμενα Kal αὐλῶνες εὖ 
/ \ / 
συνεκτισμένοι, TO μέντοι πλέον, καὶ μάλιστα 
\ ἃ , 
περὶ Tas κορυφάς, περὶ ὃ δὴ Kal συνίσταντο οἱ 
i \ 
λῃσταί, λυπρὸν καὶ ἄκαρπον διά τε τὰς Tayvas* 
/ r an \ i 
Kal τὴν τραχύτητα τῆς γῆς. κατὰ σπάνιν οὖν 
n f / / 2 “4 n 
τροφῆς Te καὶ ἄλλην ἐφείδοντο ἔσθ᾽ ὅτε τῶν ἐν 
A / sf? ν᾽ / ἐν fi \ 
τοῖς πεδίοις, ἵν᾽ ἔχοιεν Yopynyouvs: ἀντεδίδοσαν δὲ 
A / Uf 
ῥητίνην, πίτταν, δᾷδα, κηρόν, μέλι, τυρόν" τούτων 
γὰρ εὐπόρουν. ὑπέρκειται δὲ τῶν Κάρνων τὸ 


1 πάχνας, Corais, for τέχνας; so the editors in general. 


282 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 8-9 


also Damasia, the acropolis, as it were, of the 
Licatii. The stories of the severity of these 
brigands towards the Italiotes are to this effect: 
When they capture a village or city, they not only 
murder all males from youths up but they also 
go on and kill the male infants, and they do not 
stop there either, but also kill all the pregnant 
women who their seers say are pregnant with male 
children. 

9. Directly after these people come the peoples 
that dwell near the recess of the Adriatic and the 
districts round about Aquileia, namely, the Carni as 
well as certain of the Norici; the Taurisci, also, 
belong to the Norici. But Tiberius and his brother 
Drusus stopped all of them from their riotous in- 
cursions by means of a single summer-campaign ; 
so that now for thirty-three years they have been 
in a state of tranquillity and have been paying their 
tributes regularly. Now throughout the whole of 
the mountainous country of the Alps there are, 
indeed, not only hilly districts which admit of good 
farming, but also glens which have been well 
built up by settlers; the greater part, however, 
(and, in particular, in the neighbourhood of the 
mountain-crests, where, as we know, the brigands 
used to congregate) is wretched and unfruitful, both 
on account of the frosts and of the ruggedness of 
the soil. It was because of scarcity, therefore, of both 
food and other things that they sometimes would 
spare the people in the plains, in order that they 
might have people to supply their wants; and in 
exchange they would give resin, pitch, torch-pine, 
wax, honey, and cheese—for with these things they 
were well supplied. Above the Carni lies the 


283 


STRABO 


᾿Απέννινον 1 ὄρος, λίμνην ἔχον ἐξιεῖσαν εἰς τὸν 
* "Toapav? ποταμόν, ὃς παραλαβὼν “Atay 
ἄλλον ποταμὸν εἰς τὸν ᾿Αδρίαν ἐκβάλλει. ἐκ δὲ 
τῆς αὐτῆς λίμνης καὶ ἄλλος ποταμὸς εἰς τὸν 
, tal \ 
Ἴστρον ῥεῖ, καλούμενος ᾿Ατησινός.3 καὶ yap ὁ 
Ἴστρος τὰς ἀρχὰς ἀπὸ τούτων λαμβάνει τῶν 
ὀρῶν, πολυσχιδῶν ὄντων καὶ πολυκεφάλων. μέχρι 
μὲν γὰρ δεῦρο ἀπὸ τῆς Λιγυστικῆς συνεχῆ τὰ 
ς \ an ΕΝ / N eI ” 
ὑψηλὰ Tov” Αλπεων διέτεινε καὶ ἑνὸς ὄρους φαντα- 
σίαν παρεῖχεν, εἶτ᾽ ἀνεθέντα καὶ ταπεινωθέντα 
ἐξαίρεται πάλιν εἰς πλείω μέρη καὶ πλείους 
κορυφάς. πρώτη δ᾽ ἐστὶ τούτων 7D τοῦ Ῥήνου 
πέραν καὶ τῆς λίμνης κεκλιμένη πρὸς ἕω ῥάχις 

1 For ᾿Απέννινον, Casaubon, Groskurd, and Corais read 
Ποίνινον ; Gosselin conj. Αλπιον; C. Miiller Οὐεννώνγιον. 

2 For **”Igapay probably Ἰσάρκαν or Ἰσάργαν should be 
‘read (C. Miiller and A. Jacob); Meineke reads ᾿Αιησῖνον. 


$ For ’Arnowds C. Miiller conj. Αἶνος, A. Jacob, οὗτος 
Aivos; Meineke reads Ἰσάρας. 


1 By “ὑπ Apennine Mountain” (both here and a few 
lines below) Strabo cannot mean the Apennine Range. 
Whatever the mountain may be, it must lie above both the 
Carni and the Vindelici; and, except in a very loose sense, 
no one mountain can fulfil both conditions. To emend to 
‘¢Poeninus”’ (the Pennine Alps; see 4. 6. 7), as do Casaubon, 
Corais, and others, does not help matters at all. 1n fact, the 
context seems to show that Strabo has in mind the Carnic 
(Julian) Alps. But both this and the names of rivers, as 
the MSS. stand, are almost hopelessly inconsistent. 

2 But the ‘‘ Isaras”’ (Isar) empties into the Ister (Danube), 
not the Adrias (Adriatic); and it is in no sense con- 
nected with the Atagis. It is altogether probable that 
Strabo wrote ‘‘ Isarkas” (or ‘‘Isargas”’)— that is, the Latin 
‘*Tsarcus” (or ‘‘ Isargus”?)—which is now the ‘‘ Hisach.” 

3 By ‘‘Atagis” (the Greek for the ‘‘ Adige” of to-day) 
Strabo must refer to one or the other of the two source- 


284 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6.9 


Apennine Mountain, which has a lake that issues 
forth into the River Isaras,2 which, after having 
received another river, the Atagis,? empties into the 
Adriatic. But there is also another river, called the 
Atesinus,* which flows into the Ister from the same 
lake. The Ister too, in fact, takes its beginning in 
these mountains, for they are split into many parts 
and have many peaks; that is, from Liguria up to this 
point, the lofty parts of the Alps run in an unbroken 
stretch and present the appearance of one mountain, 
and then break up and diminish in height, and in 
turn rise again, into more and more parts, and more 
and more crests. Now the first of these is that ridge, 
on the far side of the Rhenus and the lake,® which 


rivers—the Etsch (or Adige) and Eisach—which meet at 
Botzen, and from there on constitute what is also called the 
Etach (or Adige), the Eisach losing its identity. But if 
Strabo wrote ‘‘lsarkas”’ (Kisach) instead of ‘‘Isaras,” he 
made the other source-river its tributary ; hence, since it 
is the ‘‘ Atagis,” and not the Eisach, that traverses the lake 
(or rather, to-day, three lakes—Reschen See, Mitter See, 
and Heider See), we may assume that the copyists have 
exchanged the positions of ‘‘Isarkas” and ‘‘ Atagis” in the 
Greek text (Groskurd and others read accordingly), or else, 
what is more likely, Strabo himself confused the two, just 
as he confused the Durias Major and Durias Minor in 4. 6. 5 
(see also footnote). 

4 The ‘‘ Atesinus” certainly cannot be identified with the 
** Atesis”’ (Hiilsen so identifies it, Pawly- Wissowa, p. 1924) if 
it empties into the Ister. According to C. Miiller (whom 
A. Jacob follows, Revue de Philologie 36, p. 167), the 
** Atesinus” is the ‘‘Aenus” (the Inn); in this case, says 
Jacob, the ‘‘Stille Bach,” which has its source very near 
the lakes traversed by the Etsch, was formerly taken for 
the source-stream of the Inn. 

5 This ridge is that which traverses Suabia from south to 
north, east of, and parallel to, the Rhine; ‘‘the ἔοι 
appears to be Lake Constance. 


285 


STRABO 


μετρίως ὑψηλή, ὅπου αἱ τοῦ Ἴστρου πηγαὶ πλη- 
σίον Σοήβων καὶ τοῦ ἹΒρκυνίου δρυμοῦ. ἄχλαι 
o εἰσὶν ἐπιστρέφουσαι πρὸς τὴν ᾿Ιλλυρίδα καὶ 
τὸν ᾿Αδρίαν, ὧν ἐστι τό τε ᾿Απέννινον ὄρος τὸ 
λεχθὲν καὶ τὸ Τοῦλλον καὶ Φλιγαδία, τὰ ὑπερ- 
κείμενα τῶν Οὐινδολικῶν, ἐξ ὧν ὁ Δούρας καὶ 
Κλάνις καὶ ἄλλοι πλείους χαραδρώδεις ποταμοὶ 
lowes! lal 
συμβάλλουσιν εἰς TO τοῦ Ἴστρου ῥεῖθρον. 
e a) If 
10. Kai οἱ ᾿Ιάποδες δὲ (ἤδη τοῦτο ἐπίμικτον 
a la) 7 
᾿Ιλλυριοῖς καὶ Κελτοῖς ἔθνος) περὶ τούτους 
n 7 
οἰκοῦσι τοὺς τόπους, καὶ ἡ Ὄκρα πλησίον τούτων 
‘ 9S > A 
ἐστίν. οἱ μὲν οὖν ᾿Ιάποδες, πρότερον εὐανδροῦντες 
A 3 
καὶ τοῦ ὄρους ἐφ ἑκάτερα * τὴν οἴκησιν ἔχοντες 
καὶ τοῖς ληστηρίοις ἐπικρατοῦντες, ἐκπεπόνηνται 
τελέως ὑπὸ τοῦ Σεβαστοῦ Ἰζαίσαρος καταπολεμη- 
/ / >] by al) / 3 ῬΑ 
θέντες. πόλεις δ᾽ αὐτῶν Μέτουλον, ᾿Αρουπῖνοι, 
A / 9 δὴ ἃ ς \ “ 
Μονήτιον, Ουένδων." μεθ᾽ ods ἡ Σεγεστικὴ πόλις 
, ὃ ς N 
ἐν πεδίῳ, παρ᾽ ἣν ὁ Σαὸς 8 παραρρεῖ ποταμός, 
ἐκδιδοὺς εἰς τὸν Ἴστρον. κεῖται δὲ ἡ πόλις εὐφυῶς 
πρὸς τὸν κατὰ τῶν Δακῶν πόλεμον. ἡ δ᾽ Ὄκρα 
τὸ ταπεινότατον μέρος τῶν ᾿Αλπεών ἐστι καθ᾽ ὃ 
συνάπτουσι τοῖς Κάρνοις καὶ δι’ οὗ τὰ ἐκ τῆς 
V4 V4 / / ς , 5) BN 
Ακυληΐας φορτία κομίζουσιν ἁρμαμάξαις eis τὸν 
» Ν 4 4 δί ἡδὸ 3 \ 
καλούμενον Ναύπορτον, σταδίων ὁδὸν ov πολὺ 


1 Corais reads ἑκάτερον for ἑκάτερα ; so in general the later 
editors. 

2 Οὐένδων, Corais, for Οὐένδον, comparing Οὐένδων 7. 5. 4. 

3 Sads, Meineke, for Ῥῆνος αὐτός; Xylander and others 
had read Savos. 

4 Nav C b for Id ἢ the edit i 

αὐπορτον, Uasaubon, tor Παάμπορτον; so the editors in 

general. 


1 The Black Forest. 2 Also spelled ‘‘ Iapydes.” 
286 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 9-10 


leans towards the east—a ridge only moderately high, 
in which, near the Suevi and the Hercynian Forest,! 
are the sources of the Ister. And there are other 
ridges which bend round towards Illyria and the 
Adriatic, among which are the Apennine Mountain 
above-mentioned and also the Tullum and Phligadia, 
the mountains which lie above the Vindelici, whence 
flow the Duras and Clanis and several other torrential 
rivers which join the stream of the Ister. 

10. And further, the Iapodes? (we now come 
to this mixed tribe of Illyrii and Celti*) dwell 
‘round about these regions; and Mount Ocra? is 
near these people. The Iapodes, then, although 
formerly they were well supplied with strong men 
and held as their homeland both sides of the moun- 
tain® and by their business of piracy held sway over 
these regions, have been vanquished and completely 
outdone by Augustus Caesar. Their cities are: 
Metulum, Arupini, Monetium, and Vendo. After 
the Iapodes comes Segestica, a city in the plain, past 
which flows the River Saiis,° which empties into the 
Ister. The situation of the city is naturally well- 
suited for making war against the Daci. The Ocra is 
the lowest part of the Alps in that region in which 
the Alps join the country of the Carni, and through 
which the merchandise from Aquileia is conveyed 
in wagons to what. is ‘called Nauportus (over a road 


SEAS Mee Ose: Cpe 4. 60]. 

5 Strabo is not clear here. He means (1) by ‘‘ mountain,” 
not ‘‘Ocra,” but ‘‘ Albius,” and (2) by ‘‘ both sides” (of the 
Albius, on which the Iapodes lived), (a) the side towards 
the Pannonii and the Danube, and (Ὁ) the side towards 
the Adriatic (see 4. 6. 1 and especially 7. 5. 4). 

6 The Save. 


287 


C 208 


STRABO 


πλειόνων ἢ τετρακοσίων' ἐκεῖθεν δὲ τοῖς ποτα- 
μοῖς “κατάγεται μέχρι τοῦ Ἴστρου καὶ τῶν ταύτῃ 
χωρίων. παραρρεῖ yap δὴ τὸν Ναύπορτον * πο- 
ταμὸς ἐκ τῆς Ἰλλυρίδος φερόμενος πλωτύός, ἐκ- 
βάλλει δ᾽ εἰς τὸν Σάον, ὥστ' εὐμαρῶς εἰς τὴν 
Σεγεστικὴν κατάγεται καὶ τοὺς Παννονίους καὶ 
Ταυρίσκους. συμβάλλει δ᾽ εἰς τὸν Σάον κατὰ τὴν 
πόλιν καὶ ὁ Κόλαπις. ἀμφότεροι δ᾽ εἰσὶ πλωτοί, 
ῥέουσι δ᾽ ἀπὸ τῶν ᾿Αλπεων. ἔχουσι δ᾽ αἱ Αλπεις 
καὶ ἵππους ἀγρίους καὶ βοάς. φησὶ δὲ Πολύβιος 
καὶ ἰδιόμορφόν TL γεννᾶσθαι ζῷον ἐν αὐταῖς, 
ἐλαφοειδὲς τὸ σχῆμα πλὴν αὐχένος καὶ τριχώ- 
ματος, ταῦτα δ᾽ ἐοικέναι κάπρῳ, ὑπὸ δὲ τῷ γενείῳ 
πυρῆνα ἴσχειν ὅσον σπιθαμιαῖον ἀκρόκομον πωλι- 
κῆς κέρκου τὸ πάχος. 

11. Τῶν δ᾽ ὑπερθέσεων τῶν ἐκ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας εἰς 
τὴν ἔξω Κελτικὴν καὶ τὴν προσάρκτιον ἡ διὰ 
Σαλασσῶν ἐστιν ἄγουσα ἐπὶ Λούγδουνον" διττὴ 
δ᾽ ἐστίν, ἡ μὲν ἁμαξεύεσθαι δυναμένη διὰ μήκους 
πλείονος, ἡ διὰ ΚΚευτρώνων, ἡ δὲ ὀρθία καὶ στενή, 
σύντομος δὲ ἡ διὰ τοῦ ἸΤοινίνου. τὸ δὲ Λούγδουνον 
ἐν μέσῳ τῆς χώρας ἐστίν, ὥσπερ ἀκρόπολις, διά 
τε τὰς συμβολὰς τῶν ποταμῶν καὶ διὰ τὸ ἐγγὺς 
εἶναι πᾶσι τοῖς μέρεσι. διόπερ καὶ ᾿Αγρίππας 
ἐντεῦθεν τὰς ὁδοὺς ἔτεμε, τὴν διὰ τῶν Κεμμένων 


1 Ναύπορτον, Casaubon, for Πάμπορτον ; so the editors in 
general. See 7. 5. 2. 


1 The Corcoras (Gurk); see 7. 5. 2. 

2 «Taurisci” is probably an error of copyists for 
“*Scordisci” (see 7. 5, 2). 

3 The Kulpa. 4 Segestica. 


288 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 10-11 


of not much more than four hundred stadia); from 
here, however, it is carried down by the rivers as 
far as the Ister and the districts in that part of 
the country; for there is, in fact, a river! which 
flows past Nauportus; it runs out of Illyria, is 
navigable, and empties into the Satis, so that the 
merchandise is easily carried down to Segestica 
and the country of the Pannonii and Taurisci.? 
And the Colapis* too joins the Saiis near the 
city ;4 both are navigable and flow from the Alps. 
The Alps have both cattle and wild horses. 
Polybius says that there is also produced in the 
Alps an animal of special form; it is like a deer 
in shape, except for its neck and growth of hair (in 
these respects, he says, it resembles a boar), and 
beneath its chin it has a sac about a span long with 
hair at the tip, the thickness of a colt’s tail.® 

11. Among the passes which lead over from Italy 
to the outer—or northerly—Celtica, is the one 
that leads through the country of the Salassi, to 
Lugdunum; it is a double pass, one branch, that 
through the Ceutrones, being practicable for wagons 
through the greater part of its length, while the 
other, that through the Poeninus, is steep and 
narrow, but a short cut.6 Lugdunum is in the 
centre of the country—an acropolis, as it were, not 
only because the rivers meet there, but also because 
it is near all parts of the country. And it was on 
this account, also, that Agrippa began at Lugdunum 
when he cut his roads—-that which passes through 


5 Polybius seems to refer to the European elk (cerrus 
alces), which is no longer to be found in the Alps; or 
possibly to the Alpine ibex (capra ibex), which is almost 
extinct. 6 Cp. 4. 6. 7. 


289 
VOL. IT. U 


STRABO 


ὀρῶν μέ pe Σαντόνων καὶ τῆς ᾿Ακουιτανίας, καὶ 
τὴν ἐπὶ τὸν “Ῥῆνον, καὶ τρίτην τὴν ἐπὶ τὸν ὠκεανόν, 
τὴν πρὸς Βελλοάκοις καὶ ᾿Αμβιανοῖς, τετάρτη δ᾽ 
ἐστὶν ἐπὶ τὴν Ναρβωνῖτιν καὶ τὴν Μασσαλι- 
ὠτικὴν παραλίαν. ἔστι δὲ καὶ ἐν ἀριστερᾷ ἀφεῖσι 
τὸ Λούγδουνον καὶ τὴν ὑπερκειμένην χώραν ἐν 
αὐτῷ τῷ Ποινίνῳ πάλιν ἐκτροπὴ διαβάντι τὸν 
Ῥοδανὸν ἢ ἢ τὴν λίμνην τὴν “Λημένναν εἰς τὰ ᾿Ελου- 
ηττίων πεδία' κἀντεῦθεν εἰς Σηκοανοὺς ὑπέρθεσις 
διὰ τοῦ Ιόρα ὄρους καὶ εἰς Aiyyovas: διά τε τού- 
TOV ἐπ᾽ ἄμφω, καὶ ἐπὶ τὸν Ῥῆνον καὶ ἐπὶ τὸν 
gene δίοδοι σχίζονται. 

"Ere φησὶ Πολύβιος ἐφ᾽ ἑαυτοῦ κατ᾽ ᾿Ακυ- 
sre μάλιστα ἐν τοῖς Ταυρίσκοις τοῖς Nepixois 
εὑρεθῆναι χρυσεῖον οὕτως εὐφυὲς ὥστ᾽ ἐπὶ δύο 
πόδας ἀποσύραντι τὴν ἐπιπολῆς γῆν εὐθὺς ὀρυ- 
κτὸν εὑρίσκεσθαι χρυσόν, τὸ δ᾽ ὄρυγμα. μὴ πλειό- 
νων ὑπάρχειν ἢ πεντεκαίδεκα ποδῶν, εἶναι δὲ τοῦ 
χρυσοῦ τὸν μὲν αὐτόθεν “καθαρόν, κυάμου μέγεθος 
ἢ θέρμου, τοῦ ὀγδόου μέρους μόνον ἀφεψηθέντος, 
τὸν δὲ δεῖσθαι μὲν χωνείας πλείονος, σφόδρα δὲ 
λυσιτελοῦς: συνεργασαμένων δὲ τοῖς βαρβάροις 
τῶν ᾿Ιταλιωτῶν ἐν διμήνῳ, παραχρῆμα τὸ χρυσίον 


1 Ἔστι, Casaubon, for Ἐπί; so the later editors. 


1 The Lake of Geneva, which is traversed by the Rhone. 

2 Strabo’s brevity is again confusing. He suddenly shifts 
his standpoint from Lugdunum to the Poeninus. He has in 
mind two roads: (1) The road which ran through the 
Poeninus to the Rhodanus (at the eastern end of Lake 
Geneva), crossed the river, circled round the lake, crossed 
again at the other end, and then followed the Rhodanus to 
Lugdunum ; and (2) a road that branched off from the same 


290 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 11-12 


the Cemmenus Mountains as far as the Santoni and 
Aquitania, and that which leads to the Rhenus, and, 
a third, that which leads to the ocean (the one that 
runs by the Bellovaci and the Ambiani); and, a 
fourth, that which leads to Narbonitis and the 
Massilian seaboard. And there is also, again, in 
the Poeninus itself (if you leave on your left 
Lugdunum and the country that lies above it), 
a bye-road which, after you cross the Rhodanus or 
Lake Lemenna,! leads into the plains of the Helvetii;? 
and thence there is a pass through the Jura 
Mountain over to the country of the Sequani 
and also to that of the Lingones; moreover, the 
thoroughfares through these countries branch off 
both ways—both towards the Rhenus and towards 
the ocean. 

12. Polybius further says that in his own time 
there was found, about opposite Aquileia in the 
country of the Noric Taurisci,? a gold mine so well- 
suited for mining that, if one scraped away the 
surface-soil for a depth of only two feet, he found 
forthwith dug-gold,4 and that the diggings were 
never deeper than fifteen feet ; and he goes on to 
say that part of the gold is immediately pure, in 
sizes of a bean or a lupine, when only the eighth 
part is boiled away, and that although the rest needs 
more smelting, the smelting is very profitable; and 
that two months after the Italiotes joined them in 
working the mine, the price of gold suddenly 
at some point north of the lake into the plains of the 
Helvetii. 3 Cp. § 9 above. 

4 Strabo here, as elsewhere (e.g. 3. 2. 8-10), carefully 
distinguishes between (1) metals that have to be dug up 


from beneath the surface-soil, (2) those in the surface-soil 
itself, and (3) those washed down by the rivers, 


201 


C 209 


STRABO 


εὐωνότερον γενέσθαι TO τρίτῳ μέρει καθ᾽ ὅλην THY 
᾿Ιταλίαν, αἰσθομένους δὲ τοὺς 'Γαυρίσκους μονο- 
πωλεῖν ἐκβαλόντας τοὺς συνεργαζομένους. ἀλλὰ 
νῦν ἅπαντα τὰ χρυσεῖα ὑπὸ “Ῥωμαίοις ἐστί. 
κἀνταῦθα δ᾽, ὥσπερ κατὰ τὴν ᾿Ιβηρίαν, φέρουσιν 
οἱ ποταμοὴ χρυσοῦ ψῆγμα, πρὸς τῷ ὀρυκτῷ, οὐ 
μέντοι τοσοῦτον. ὁ δ᾽ αὐτὸς ἀνὴρ περὶ τοῦ μεγέ- 
θους τῶν ᾿Αλπεων καὶ τοῦ ὕψους λέγων παρα- 
βάλλει τὰ ἐν τοῖς “ἄλλησιν ὄρη τὰ μέγιστα, τὸ 
Ταὔγετον, τὸ Λύκαιον, Παρνασσόν, "Ολυμπον, 
Πήλιον, Ὄσσαν: ἐν δὲ Θράκῃ Αἷμον, 'Ῥοδόπην, 
Δούνακα" καί φησιν ὅτι τούτων μὲν ἕκαστον μι- 
κροῦ δεῖν αὐθημερὸν εὐζώνοις ἀναβῆναι δυνατόν, 
αὐθημερὸν δὲ καὶ περιελθεῖν, τὰς δ᾽ Αλπεις οὐδ᾽ 
ἂν πεμπταῖος ἀναβαίη τίς" τὸ δὲ μῆκός ἐστι δι- 
σχιλίων καὶ διακοσίων σταδίων τὸ παρῆκον παρὰ 
τὰ πεδία. τέτταρας δ᾽ ὑπερβάσεις ὀνομάξει μό- 
νον᾿ διὰ Λιγύων μὲν τὴν ἔγγιστα τῷ Τυρρηνικῷ 
πελάγει, εἶτα τὴν διὰ Ταυρίνων, ἣν ᾿Αννίβας διῆλ- 
θεν, εἶτα τὴν διὰ Σαλασσῶν, τετάρτην δὲ τὴν 
διὰ “Ῥαιτῶν, ἁπάσας κρημνώδεις. λίμνας δὲ εἶναί 
φησιν ἐν τοῖς ὄρεσι πλείους μέν, τρεῖς δὲ μεγάλας" 
ὧν ἡ μὲν Βήνακος ἔχει μῆκος πεντακοσίων σταδίων, 
πλάτος δε τριάκοντα, ἐκρεῖ δὲ ποταμὸς Μίγκιος" 


1 BCI read πεντήκοντα (v’ instead of dX’). 


ony Cees Ripe UL 2. 8568 3. 2. 8. 3 Polybius 2. 14. 

4 The plains of Jtaly (as Polybius says). 

5 Polybius (3. 56) does not say where Hannibal crossed 
the Alps, although he says that Hannibal, after crossing the 
Alps, ‘‘ entered the valley of the Padus and the territor y of 
the Insubres.” Both the ancient writers and modern scholars 
differ as to where Hannibal crossed. The reader is referred 


292 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 12 


became a third less throughout the whole of Italy, 
but when the Taurisci learned this they cast out 
their fellow-workers and carried on a monopoly. 
Now, however, 4111 the gold mines are under the 
control of the Romans. And here, too, just as in 
Iberia,? in addition to the dug-gold, gold-dust is 
brought down by the rivers—not, however, in such 
quantities as there. The same man, in telling about 
the size and the height of the Alps, contrasts 
with them the greatest mountains among the 
Greeks: Taygetus, Lycaeus, Parnassus, Olympus, 
Pelion, Ossa; and in Thrace: Haemus, Rhodope, 
Dunax; and he says it is possible for people who 
are unencumbered to ascend any one of these 
mountains on the same day almost, and also to go 
around any one of them on the same day, whereas 
one cannot ascend the Alps even in five days; and 
their length is two thousand two hundred stadia,’ 
that is, their length at the side, along the plains.4 
But he only names four passes over the mountains : 
the pass through the Ligures (the one that is nearest 
the Tyrrhenian Sea), then that through the Taurini, 
which Hannibal crossed,> then that through the 
Salassi, and the fourth, that through the Rhaeti,— 
all of them precipitous passes. And as for lakes, he 
says that there are several in the mountains, but that 
only three are large: one of these, Lake Benacus,® has 
a length of five hundred stadia and a breadth of thirty,’ 
from which flows the Mincius 8 River; the next, Lake 


to the article in Encyc. Brit. s.v. ‘‘ Hannibal,” by Caspari, 
who inclines to the Mt. Genévre Pass; and to that in Pauly- 
Wissowa Real. Encyc. s.v. ‘‘ Hannibal,” by Lenschau, who 
thinks ‘‘probability decidedly favours the Little St. 
Bernard.” § Lago di Garda. 

7 Some MSS. read ‘‘ fifty.” 8 The Mincio. 


293 


STRABO 


ἡ δ᾽ ἑξῆς Οὐερβανὸς τετρακοσίων, πλάτος δὲ 
στενοτέρα τῆς πρότερον, ἐξίησι δὲ ποταμὸν τὸν 
᾿Αδούαν' τρίτη δὲ Λάριος 1 μῆκος ἐγγὺς τριακοσίων 
σταδίων, πλάτος δὲ τριάκοντα," ποταμὸν δὲ ἐξίησι 
μέγαν Τίκινον' πάντες δὲ εἰς τὸν Πάδον συρρέουσι. 
τοσαῦτα καὶ περὶ τῶν ὀρῶν ἔχομεν λέγειν τῶν 
᾿Αλπεινῶν. 


1 The MSS. read Λάριον. 
2 BC/ read πεντήκοντα (v’ instead of A’). 


294 


GEOGRAPHY, 4. 6. 12 


Verbanus,! four hundred in length, and narrower in 
breadth than the former, which sends forth the 
River Addua?; and, third, Lake Larius,? in length 
nearly three hundred stadia, and in breadth thirty,‘ 
which sends forth a large river, the Ticinus 5; and 
all three rivers flow into the Padus. This, then, is 
what I have to say about the Alpine Mountains. 


1 Lago Maggiore. 2 The Adda. 

3 Polybius, if correctly quoted, has made the mistake of 
exchanging the positions of ‘‘ Larius”’ and ‘‘ Verbanus.” 
Certainly Strabo himself knew that it was from Larius 
(Lago di Como) that the Addua (Adda) flowed (4. 3. 3, 4. 6. 6, 
and 5. 1. 6), and he also knew the course of the Ticinus 
(5. 1. 11). Yet Strabo himself (4. 3. 3) blundered greatly in 
making the Addua flow from Mt. Adula. 

4 Some MSS. read ‘‘ fifty.” 5 The Ticino. 


295 


EF 
1 


1. Μετὰ δὲ τὴν ὑπώρειαν τῶν ᾿Αλπεων ἀρχὴ τῆς 
νῦν ᾿Ιταλίας. οἱ γὰρ παλαιοὶ τὴν Οἰνωτρίαν ἐκά- 
λουν ᾿Ιταλίαν, ἀπὸ τοῦ Σικελικοῦ πορθμοῦ μέχρι 
τοῦ Ταραντίνου κόλπου καὶ τοῦ Ἰ]οσειδωνιάτου 
διήκουσαν, ἐπικρατῆσαν δὲ τοὔνομα καὶ μέχρι τῆς 
ς / a ” + } \ 
ὑπωρείας τῶν Ἄλπεων προὔβη, προσέλαβε δὲ 
καὶ τῆς Λιγυστικῆς τὰ μέχρι Οὐάρου. ποταμοῦ 
καὶ τῆς ταύτῃ θαλάττης ἀπὸ τῶν ὁρίων τῶν Τυρ- 

C 210 ρηνικῶν καὶ τῆς ᾿Ιστρίας μέχρι Πόλας. εἰκάσαι 
δ᾽ ἄν τις εὐτυχήσαντας τοὺς “πρώτους ὀνομασθέν- 
τας ᾿Ιταλοὺς μεταδοῦναι καὶ τοῖς πλησιοχώροις, 
εἶθ᾽ οὕτως ἐπίδοσιν λαβεῖν μέχρι τῆς “Ῥωμαίων 
ἐπικρατείας. ὀψὲ δέ ποτε ἀφ᾽ οὗ μετέδοσαν 
ς a lal Ψ , \ 3 / ” 
Ρωμαῖοι τοῖς ᾿Ιταλιώταις τὴν ἰσοπολιτείαν, ἔδοξε 

\ a 3 \ wv ΄ ἌΡΗΣ, a 
καὶ τοῖς ἐντὸς Αλπεων Παλάταις καὶ “Ἑνετοῖς 
τ αὐτὴν ἀπονεῖμαι τιμήν, προσαγορεῦσαι δὲ 

᾿Ιταλιώτας πάντας καὶ Ῥωμαίους, ἀποικίας 
τε a στεῖλαι, TAS μὲν πρότερον τὰς δ᾽ 
ὕστερον, ὧν οὐ ῥᾷάδιον εἰπεῖν ἀμείνους ἑτέρας. 


1 Gulf of Salerno. 

2 « Ligustica” is ‘‘ Liguria’ in the broadest sense (see 
4. 6. 3). 3 Gauls. 

4 That is, ‘‘ Veneti.” The spelling in the MSS. is some- 


298 


BOOK V 
I 


1, ArtTer the foothills of the Alps comes the 
beginning of what is now Italy. For the ancients 
used to call only Oenotria Italy, although it extended 
from the Strait of Sicily only as far as the Gulfs of 
Tarentum and Poseidonia,! but the name of Italy 
prevailed and advanced even as far as the foothills 
of the Alps, and also took in, not only those parts of 
Ligustica? which extend from the boundaries of 
Tyrrhenia as far as the Varus River and the sea 
there, but also those parts of Istria which extend as 
far as Pola. One might guess that it was because 
of their prosperity that the people who were the 
first to be named Italians imparted the name to the 
neighbouring peoples, and then received further 
increments in this way until the time of the Roman 
conquest. At some late time or other after the 
Romans had shared with the Italiotes the equality 
of civic rights, they decided to allow the same 
honour both to the Cisalpine Galatae? and to the 
Heneti,* and to call all of them Italiotes as well as 
Romans, and, further, to send forth many colonies 
amongst them, some earlier and some later, than 
which it is not easy to call any other set of colonies 
better. 


times ‘‘ Heneti” (6. 5. here and in 3. 2. 13), sometimes 
‘*Eneti” (6. g. in 1. 3. 2 and 1, 3. 21). 


299 


STRABO 


2. “Evi pev οὖν σχήματι σύμπασαν τὴν νῦν 
Ἰταλίαν οὐ ῥᾷδιον περιλαβεῖν γεωμετρικῶς, καί- 
τοι φασὶν ἄκραν εἶναι τρίγωνον ἐκκειμένην πρὸς 
νότον καὶ χειμερινὰς ἀνατολάς, κορυφουμένην δὲ 
πρὸς τῷ Σικελικῷ πορθμῷ, βάσιν δ᾽ ἔχουσαν τὰς 
Αλπεις" συγχωρῆσαι δὲ δεῖ 1 καὶ τῶν πλευρῶν 
μίαν, τὴν ἐπὶ τὸν ἸΠορθμὸν τελευτῶσαν, κλυζο- 
μένην δὲ ὑπὸ τοῦ Τυρρηνικοῦ πελάγους. τρί- 
γωνον δὲ ἰδίως τὸ εὐθύγραμμον καλεῖται σχῆμα. 
ἐνταῦθα δὲ καὶ a βάσις καὶ ἡ πλευρὰ 5" περιφερεῖς 
εἰσιν, ὥστε, εἴ φημι δεῖν συγχωρεῖν, περιφερο- 
γράμμου σχήματος θετέον καὶ τὴν βάσιν καὶ τὴν 
πλευράν, συγχωρητέον δὲ καὶ τὴν λόξωσιν ταύτης 
τῆς πλευρᾶς τὴν ἐπὶ τὰς ἀνατολάς. τἄλλα δ᾽ οὐχ 
ἱκανῶς εἰρήκασιν, ὑποθέμενοι μίαν πλευρὰν ἀπὸ 
τοῦ μυχοῦ τοῦ ᾿Αδρίου μέχρι τοῦ Πορθμοῦ' πλευ- 
ρὰν γὰρ "λέγομεν͵ τὴν ἀγώνιον γραμμήν, ἀγώνιος 
δ᾽ ἐστὶν ὅταν ἢ μὴ συννεύῃ πρὸς ἄλληλα τὰ μέρη, 
ἢ μὴ ἐπὶ πολύ. ἡ δὲ a ἀπὸ ᾿Αριμίνου ἐ ἐπὶ τὴν ἄκραν 
τὴν ᾿Ιαπυγίαν καὶ ἡ ἀπὸ τοῦ Πορθμοῦ ἐπὶ τὴν 
αὐτὴν ἄκραν πάμπολύ τι συννεύουσιν. ὁμοίως δ᾽ 
ἔχειν οἴομαι καὶ τὴν ἀπὸ τοῦ μυχοῦ τοῦ ᾿Αδρίου 
καὶ τὴν ἀπὸ τῆς ᾿Ιαπυγίας" συμπίπτουσαι γὰρ 
ἐπὶ τοὺς περὶ ᾿Αρίμινον καὶ “Ῥαούενναν τόπους 
γωνίαν ποιοῦσιν, εἰ δὲ μὴ γωνίαν, περιφέρειάν γε 
ἀξιόλογον. ὥστ᾽, εἰ ἄρα, τοῦτ ἂν εἴη μία πλευρὰ 


1 δεῖ, Jones inserts (as in 1. 3. 7, ταῦτα δὲ δεῖ; cp. also 
1. 1. 20, ὑποθέσθαι Set). Groskurd, Kramer, Meineke and 
others unnecessarily insert δυγχωρὴδ αἱ μὲν οὖν δεῖ τὴν βάσιν 
before the συγχωρῆσαι of the text. 

2 ἡ βάσις καὶ 7 πλευρά, Kramer, for af βάσεις καὶ af πλευραί ; 
so the later editors. 


300 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. τ. 2 


2. Now it is not easy geometrically to outline 
what is now Italy, as a whole, by means of a single 
figure, and yet they 1 say it is a triangular promontory 
extending towards the south and the winter-risings 
of the sun, with its vertex at the Strait of Sicily, 
and with the Alps as its base. I must concede also 3 
one of the sides, namely, that which ends at the 
strait and is washed by the Tyrrhenian Sea. But 
“triangle” is the specific name for the rectilinear 
figure, whereas in this case both the base and the 
side are curved, so that, if I say “ I must concede,” 
I must put down both the base and the side as 
belonging to a curved-line figure, and I must concede 
also the slant of this side, namely, the slant towards 
the risings.? But as for the rest of the description 
given by these writers, it is inadequate, because they 
have assumed only a single side extending from the 
recess of the Adriatic to the strait ; for by “side” 
we mean the line that has no angle, and a line has 
no angle when its parts either do not converge to- 
wards one another or else not much. But the line 
from Ariminum‘ to the Iapvgian Cape® and that 
from the strait to the same cape converge very 
much. And the same holds true, I think, with 
the line from the recess of the Adriatic and that 
from lIapygia; for, meeting in the regions round 
about Ariminum and Ravenna, they form an angle, 
or, if not an angle, at least a considerable curve. 
Hence this stretch might perhaps be one side 


1 Among others, Polybius (2. 14), whose account should be 
read in this connection. 
2 That is, in addition to the base. 
8 The winter-risings, of course, as previously said. 
4 Now Rimini. 
5 Now Capo di Leuca. 
201 


C211 


STRABO 


ὁ παράπλους ὃ ἀπὸ τοῦ μυχοῦ ἐπὶ τὴν ᾿Ιαπυγίαν, 
οὐκ εὐθεῖα: τὸ δὲ λοιπὸν τὸ ἐνθένδε ἐπὶ τὸν Πορθ- 
μὸν ἄλλην ἂν ὑπογράφοι πλευράν, οὐδὲ ταύτην 
εὐθεῖαν. οὕτω δὲ τετράπλευρον μᾶλλον ἢ τρί- 
πλευρον pain Ts ἂν τὸ σχῆμα, τρίγωνον δ᾽ οὐδ- 
οπωσοῦν, πλὴν εἰ καταχρώμενος. βέλτιον δ᾽ 
ὁμολογεῖν ὅτι τῶν ἀγεωμετρήτων σχημάτων οὐκ 
εὐπερίγραφος ἡ ἡ ἀπόδοσις. 

. Κατὰ μέρος δ᾽ οὕτως εἰπεῖν δυνατόν, ὅτι τῶν 
μὲν "Ἄλπεων περιφερὴς ἡ ὑπώρειά ἐστι καὶ κοὰ- 
πώδης, τὰ κοῖλα ἔχουσα ἐστραμμένα πρὸς τὴν 
᾿Ιταλίαν. τοῦ δὲ κόλπου τὰ μὲν μέσα πρὸς τοῖς 
Σαλασσοῖς ἐ ἐστι, τὰ δ᾽ ἄκρα ἐπιστροφὴν λαμβάνει, 
τὰ μὲν μέχρι τῆς Ὄκρας " καὶ τοῦ μυχοῦ τοῦ κατὰ 
τὸν ᾿Αδρίαν, τὰ δ᾽ εἰς τὴν Λιγυστικὴν παραλίαν 
μέχρι L'evovas, τοῦ τῶν Λιγύων ἐμπορίου, ὅπου τὰ 
᾿Απέννινα ὄρη συνάπτει ταῖς Λλπεσιν. ὑπόκει- 
ται δ᾽ εὐθὺς πεδίον ἀξιόλογον, πάρισόν πως ἔχον 
τὸ πλάτος καὶ τὸ μῆκος, σταδίων ἑ ἑκατὸν καὶ δισχι- 
λίων" τὸ δὲ μεσημβρινὸν αὐτοῦ πλευρὸν κλείεται 
τῇ τε τῶν Ἑνετῶν παραλίᾳ καὶ τοῖς ᾿Απεννίνοις 
ὄρεσι τοῖς περὶ ᾿Αρίμινον καὶ ᾿Αγκῶνα καθήκουσι" 
ταῦτα γὰρ ἀρξάμενα ἀπὸ τῆς Λιγυστικῆς εἰς τὴν 
Τυρρηνίαν ἐμβάλλει, στενὴν παραλίαν ἀπολεί- 
ποντα' εἶτ᾽ ἀναχωροῦντα εἰς, τὴν μεσόγαιαν κατ᾽ 
ὀλίγον, ἐπειδὰν γένηται κατὰ τὴν Πισᾶτιν, ἐπι- 
στρέφει πρὸς ἕω καὶ πρὸς τὸν ᾿Αδρίαν ἕως τῶν 
περὶ ᾿Αρίμινον. καὶ ᾿Αγκῶνα τόπων, συνάπτοντα 
ἐπ᾿ εὐθείας τῇ τῶν “Ἑνετῶν παραλίᾳ. ἡ μὲν 


1 οὐκ, after σχημάτων, all editors insert, from man. sec. in Β. 
2 “Oxpas, Casaubon, for ἄκρας ; so the later editors. 


302 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. τ. 2-3 


(I mean the coasting-voyage from the recess to 
Iapygia), though the side would not be straight ; 
and the rest of the stretch, thence to the strait, 
might suggest another side, though this side would 
not be straight, either. In this sense one might 
call the figure “four-sided” rather than “ three- 
sided,’ but in no sense whatever a “triangle,” 
except by an abuse of the term. It is better, 
however, to confess that the representation of 
non-geometrical figures is not easy to describe. 

3. Taking the parts severally, however, we can 
speak as follows: as for the Alps, their base is 
eurved and gulf-like, with the cavities turned 
towards Italy; the central parts of the gulf are 
near the Salassi, while the extremities take a turn, 
the one as far as Ocra! and the recess of the 
Adriatic, the other to the Ligurian seaboard as far 
as Genua (the emporium of the Ligures), where the 
Apennine Mountains join the Alps. But immediately 
at the base of the Alps there lies a considerable 
plain, with its length and its breadth about equal, 
namely, two thousand one hundred stadia; its 
southern side is shut in both by the seaboard of 
the Heneti and by those Apennine Mountains which 
reach down to the neighbourhood of Ariminum and 
Ancona; for these mountains, after beginning in 
Liguria, enter Tyrrhenia, leaving only a narrow 
seaboard, and then, withdrawing into the interior 
little by ‘little, when they come “to be opposite the 
territory of Pisa, bend towards the east and towards 
the Adriatic until they reach the regions round about 
Ariminum and Ancona, there joining in a straight 
line the seaboard of the Heneti. Cisalpine Celtica, 


1 Mt. Ocra (4. 6. 1 and 4. 6. 10). 
393 


STRABO 


οὖν ἐντὸς Ἄλπεων Κελτικὴ τούτοις κλείεται τοῖς 
ὅροις, καὶ ἔστι τῆς μὲν παραλίας τὸ μῆκος ὅσον 
τριακοσίων σταδίων ἐ ἐπὶ τοῖς, ἑξακισχιλίοις μετὰ : 
τῶν ὀρῶν, μικρὸν δ᾽ ἔλαττον τὸ πλάτος τῶν χιλίων." 
ἡ λοιπὴ δ᾽ ᾿Ιταλία στενὴ καὶ παραμήκης ἐστί, 
κορυφουμένη διχῶς, τῇ μὲν πρὸς τὸν Σικελικὸν 
πορθμὸν τῇ δὲ πρὸς τὴν ᾿Ιαπυγίαν' σφιυγγομένη 
δ᾽ ἑκατέρωθεν, τῇ μὲν ὑπὸ τοῦ ᾿Αδρίου τῇ δ᾽ ὑπὸ 
τοῦ Τυρρηνικοῦ πελάγους. ἔστι δ᾽ ὅμοιον τὸ 
σχῆμα τοῦ ᾿Αδρίου καὶ τὸ μέγεθος τῇ Ἰταλίᾳ τῇ 
ἀφοριξζομένῃ τοῖς τε ᾿Απεννίνοις ὄρεσι καὶ τῇ θα- 
λάττῃ ἑκατέρᾳ μέχρι τῆς ᾿Ιαπυγίας καὶ τοῦ ἰσθμοῦ 
τοῦ κατὰ τὸν Ταραντῖνον καὶ τὸν Ποσειδωνιάτην 
κόλπον" τό τε γὰρ πλάτος τὸ μέγιστον ἀμφοῖν 
ἐστι περὶ χιλίους καὶ τριακοσίους σταδίους, τὸ δὲ 
μῆκος ἔλαττον οὐ πολὺ τῶν ἑξακισχιλίων. ἡ 
λοιπὴ δ᾽ ἐστὶν ὅσην κατέχουσι Βρέττιοι καὶ ev- 
κανῶν τινες. φησὶ δὲ Πολύβιος, πεζῇ μὲν εἶναι 
τὴν παραλίαν τὴν ἀπὸ ᾿Ιαπυγίας μέχρι Πορθμοῦ 
καὶ τρισχιλίων σταδίων, κλύξεσθαι δ᾽ αὐτὴν τῷ 
Σικελικῷ πελάγει, πλέοντι δὲ καὶ πεντακοσίων 
δέουσαν. τὰ δὲ ᾿Απέννινα ὄρη συνάψαντα τοῖς 
περὶ ᾿Αρίμινον καὶ Ἀγκῶνα τόποις καὶ ἀφορίσαντα 

1 μετά, before τῶν ὀρῶν (from man. sec. in B and from ko) ; 
so the editors in general. 


2 For χιλίων, Kramer (from conj. of Casaubon) writes 
δισχιλίων ; so the later editors. 


1 Polybius (2. 14) frankly calls the part of Italy now 
discussed by Strabo a ‘“‘triangle,” giving these dimensions: 
‘‘The northern side, formed by the Alps, 2200 stadia; the 
southern, formed by the Apennines, 3600; the base, the 
seaboard of the Adriatic, from Sena to the recess of the gulf, 
more than 2500.” Strabo, on the other hand, refuses thus 


304 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. τ. 3 


accordingly, is shut in by these boundaries; and 
although the length of the seaboard, together with 
that of the mountains, is as much as six thousand 
three hundred stadia,! the breadth is slightly less 
than one thousand.2, The remainder of Italy, how- 
ever, is narrow and elongated, terminating in two 
heads, one at the Sicilian Strait and the other at 
Iapygia; and it is pinched in on both sides, on one 
by the Adriatic and on the other by the Tyrrhenian 
Sea. The shape and the size of the Adriatic are 
like that part of Italy which is marked off by the 
Apennine Mountains and by both seas as far as 
Iapygia and that isthmus which is between the 
Gulfs of Tarentum and Poseidonia; for the maximum 
breadth of each is about one thousand three 
hundred stadia, and the length not much less than 
six thousand. The remainder of Italy, however, 
is all the country occupied by the Brettii and certain 
of the Leucani. Polybius* says that, if you go by foot, 
the seaboard from lapygia to the strait is as much 
as three thousand stadia, and that it is washed by 
the Sicilian Sea, but that, if you go by sea, it is as 
much as five hundred stadia short of that. The 
Apennine Mountains, after joining the regions round 
about Ariminum and Ancona, that is, after marking 


to misuse the word ‘‘ triangle,” for he conceives of what he 
has previously called ‘‘the southern side” as curved and 
otherwise irregular. 

2 The editors have emended ‘‘one thousand” to ‘‘two 
thousand,” in order to make the figures consistent with 
‘‘two thousand one hundred” above. But Strabo is now 
thinking, apparently, of the breadth across the southern 
side (not the northern side at the base of the Alps); that is, 
the breadth of Celtica Cispadana, for which the one thousand 
is a very close estimate. 

8. Op. 2. 0. 20. 4 34. 11. 

305 


ΥΟΙ.. 11. Χ 


C 212 


STRABO 


\ id A Ld 
τὸ ταύτῃ πλάτος τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας ἀπὸ θαλάττης ἐπὶ 
θ / > \ / / \ / 
ἄλατταν ἐπιστροφὴν λαμβάνει πάλιν καὶ τέμνει 
\ , , A / \ \ 
τὴν χώραν ὅλην ἐπὶ μῆκος. μέχρι μὲν δὴ Πευκε- 
i \ al 3 Ape? a? / 
τίων καὶ Λευκανῶν ov πολὺ ἀφίσταται τοῦ Adpiou, 
a 7 
συνάψαντα δὲ Λευκανοῖς ἐπὶ τὴν ἑτέραν θάλατταν 
n 
ἀποκλίνει μᾶλλον, Kal λοιπὸν διὰ μέσων τῶν Δευ- 
A \ \ 
κανῶν καὶ Βρεττίων διεξιόντα τελευτᾷ πρὸς τὴν 
/ A id VA lal 
Λευκόπετραν τῆς “Pnyivns καλουμένην. τυπωδῶς 
\ 5 fol a > 
μὲν οὖν εἴρηται περὶ τῆς νῦν ᾿Ιταλίας ἁπάσης 
ταῦτα' πειρασόμεθα δὲ ἀναλαβόντες εἰπεῖν περὶ 
aA ’ an A a 
τῶν καθ᾽ ἕκαστα, Kal πρῶτον περὶ TOY ὑπὸ ταῖς 
» 
Αλπεσιν. 
, 
4. "Kote δὲ πεδίον σφόδρα εὔδαιμον καὶ γεωλο- 
Ψ / > 
φίαις εὐκάρποις πεποικιλμένον. διαιρεῖ δ᾽ αὐτὸ 
Υ͂ Ἑ 7 \ a \ \ 3 \ a 
μέσον πως ὁ Ἰ]άδος, καὶ καλεῖται TO μὲν ἐντὸς τοῦ 
\ Ἂς al 
Πάδου, τὸ δὲ πέραν" ἐντὸς μὲν ὅσον ἐστὶ πρὸς τοῖς 
,ὔ fal A ’ 
᾿Απεννίνοις ὄρεσι καὶ τῇ Λιγυστικῇ, πέραν δὲ τὸ 
7 5» n \ \ \ e x la a 
λοιπόν. οἰκεῖται δὲ TO μὲν ὑπὸ τῶν Λιγυστικῶν 
ἴω “Ὁ n “Ὁ Ν n 
ἐθνῶν καὶ Tov Κελτικῶν, τῶν μὲν ἐν τοῖς ὄρεσιν 
n >] Kn ᾽ὔ \ ’ \ » 
οἰκούντων τῶν δ᾽ ἐν τοῖς πεδίοις, τὸ δ᾽ ὑπὸ τῶν 
Κελτῶν καὶ ᾿νετῶν. οἱ μὲν οὖν Κελτοὶ τοῖς ὑπερ- 
f ς an 2 \ \ A ξ an i 
αλπίοις ὁμοεθνεῖς εἶσι, περὶ δὲ TOV “Ενετῶν διττός 
id 3 
ἐστι λόγος. οἱ μὲν γὰρ καὶ αὐτούς φασιν εἶναι 
A fal ς Ψ la) 
Κελτῶν ἀποίκους τῶν ὁμωνύμων παρωκεανιτῶν, 
το 2 b] fal ἴω / 3 7 
οἱ δ᾽ ἐκ τοῦ Τρωικοῦ πολέμου μετ ᾿Αντήνορος 
an la) lal a 7 
σωθῆναι δεῦρό φασι τῶν ἐκ τῆς Ἰ]αφλαγονίας 


1 ταύτῃ, Corais, for ταύτης ; so the later editors. 


306 


GEOGRAPHY, -ς. τ. 3-4 


off the breadth of Italy there from sea to sea, again 
take a turn, and cut the whole country lengthwise. 
As far, then, as the territory of the Peucetii and 
that of the Leucani they do not recede much from 
the Adriatic, but after joining the territory of the 
Leucani they bend off more towards the other sea 
and then, for the rest of the way, passing throughout 
the centre of the territory of the Leucani and Brettii, 
end at what is called Leucopetra? in the district of 
Rhegium. Thus much, then, I have said about what 
is now Italy, as a whole, in a merely rough-outline 
way, but I shall now go back and try to tell about 
the several parts in detail; and first about the parts 
at the base of the Alps. 

4, This country is a plain that is very rich in soil 
and diversified by fruitful hills. The plain is divided 
almost at its very centre by the Padus; and its parts 
are called, the one Cispadana, the other Trans- 
padana.*_ Cispadana is all the part that lies next 
to the Apennine Mountains and Liguria, while 
Transpadana is the rest. The latter is inhabited 
by the Ligurian and the Celtic tribes, who live 
partly in the mountains, partly in the plains, whereas 
the former is inhabited by the Celti and Heneti. 
Now these Celti are indeed of the same race as the 
Transalpine Celti, but concerning the Heneti there 
are two different accounts : Some say that the Heneti 
too are colonists of those Celti of like name? who 
live on the ocean-coast; while others say that 
certain of the Heneti of Paphlagonia 4 escaped hither 
with Antenor from the Trojan war, and, as testimony 


1 Literally, ‘‘ White Rock ” ; now Capo dell’ Armi. 
2 Gallia Cispadana and Gallia Transpadana. 
3 See 4. 4. 1. a+ ρ θυ 2e13 and δ:.1..}: 


307 
x 2 


STRABO 


“Ever ov TWAS, μαρτύριον δὲ τούτου προφέρονται 
τὴν περὶ τὰς ἱπποτροφίας ἐπιμέλειαν, ἣ νῦν μὲν 
τελέως ἐκλέλοιπε, πρότερον. δ᾽ ἐτιμᾶτο Tap αὐτοῖς 
ἀπὸ τοῦ παλαιοῦ ζήλου τοῦ κατὰ τὰς ἡμιονίτιδας 
ἵππους. τούτου δὲ καὶ Ὅμηρος μέμνηται" 


3 ¢ lal “ € J / 3 , 
ἐξ νετῶν, ὅθεν ἡμιόνων γένος ἀγροτεράων. 


(Il. 2, 852) 


καὶ Διονύσιος, ὁ τῆς Σικελίας “τύραννος, ἐντεῦθεν 

τὸ ἱπποτρόφιον συνεστήσατο τῶν ἀθλητῶν ἵ ἵππων, 

ὥστε καὶ ὄνομα ἐν τοῖς “λλησι γενέσθαι τῆς. 

“Ενετικῆς πωλείας καὶ πολὺν χρόνον εὐδοκιμῆσαι 
ὙΠῸ 

τὸ γένος. 

5. ἽΑπασα μὲν οὖν ἡ “χώρα ποταμοῖς πληθύει 
καὶ ἕλεσι, μάλιστα δ᾽ ἡ τῶν ᾿Ενετῶν'" πρόσεστι 
δὲ ταύτῃ καὶ τὰ τῆς θαλάττης πάθη. μόνα γὰρ 
ταῦτα τὰ μέρη σχεδὸν τι τῆς καθ᾽ ἡμᾶς θαλάττης 
ὁμοιοπαθεῖ. τῷ ὠκεανῷ, καὶ παραπλησίους > ἐκείνῳ 
ποιεῖται τάς τε ἀμπώτεις καὶ τὰς πλημμυρίδας, 
ὑφ᾽ ὧν τὸ πλέον τοῦ πεδίου λιμνοθαλάττης γίνεται 
μεστόν. διώρυξι δὲ καὶ ταραχώμασι, καθάπερ ἡ 
Κάτω “λεγομένη χώρα τῆς Αἰγύπτου, διωχέτευται, 
καὶ τὰ μὲν ἀνέψυκται καὶ γεωργεῖται, τὰ δὲ διά- 
πλους Exel’ τῶν δὲ πόλεων αἱ μὲν νησίζουσιν, αἱ 
δ᾽ ἐκ μέρους κλύξονται. ὅσαι δὲ ὑπὲρ τῶν ἑλῶν 
ἐν τῇ μεσογαίᾳ κεῖνται, τοὺς ἐκ TOV ποταμῶν ἀνά- 
πλους θαυμαστοὺς ἔχουσι, μάλιστα δ᾽ ὁ Πάδος. 
μέγιστός τε γάρ ἐστι καὶ πληροῦται πολλάκις ἔκ 
τε ὄμβρων καὶ χιόνων, διαχεόμενος δ᾽ εἰς πολλὰ 


1 παραπλησίους, the reading of the MSS., Jones restores ; 
against Kramer and the later editors. 


308 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. τ. 4-5 


to this, adduce their devotion to the breeding of 
horses—a devotion which now, indeed, has wholly 
disappeared, although formerly it was prized among 
them, from the fact of their ancient rivalry in 
the matter of producing mares for mule-breeding. 
Homer, too, recalls this fact: “From the land of 
the Heneti, whence the breed of the wild mules.” 
Again, Dionysius,! the tyrant of Sicily, collected his 
stud of prize-horses from here, and consequently 
not only did the fame of the Henetian foal-breeding 
reach the Greeks but the breed itself was held in 
high esteem by them for a long time. 

5. Now this whole country is filled with rivers and 
marshes, but particularly the part that belongs to 
the Heneti. And this part, furthermore, is also 
affected by the behaviour of the sea; for here are 
almost the only parts of Our Sea that behave like 
the ocean, and both the ebb-tides and the flood-tides 
produced here are similar to those of the ocean, 
since by them the greater part of the plain is made 
full of lagoons. But, like what is called Lower 
Egypt, it has been intersected by channels and 
dikes ; and while some parts have been relieved by 
drainage and are being tilled, others afford voyages 
across their waters. Of the cities here, some are 
wholly island, while others are only partly sur- 
rounded by water. As for all the cities that are 
situated above the marshes in the interior, the inland 
voyages afforded thereto by the rivers are wonderful, 
but particularly by the Padus; for not only is it the 
largest of these rivers but it is oftentimes filled by both 
the rains and the snow, although, as the result of 


1 Dionysius the Elder (430-367 B.c.). 
309 


STRABO 


μέρη κατὰ τὰς ἐκβολὰς τυφλὸν TO στόμα ποιεῖ 
καὶ δυσείσ Boros ἐστιν. ἡ δ᾽ ἐμπειρία περιγίνεται 
καὶ τῶν χαλεπωτάτων. : 

6. To μὲν οὖν ἀρχαῖον, ὥσπερ ἔφην, ὑ ὑπὸ Κελτῶν 
περιῳκεῖτο τῶν πλείστων ὁ ποταμός. μέγιστα δ᾽ 
ἣν τῶν Κελτῶν ἔθνη Boioe καὶ Ἴνσουβροι καὶ ot 
τὴν Ῥωμαίων ποτὲ ἐξ ἐφόδου καταλαβόντες 
Σένονες μετὰ Larlatav. τούτους μὲν οὖν ἐξέ- 
φθειραν ὕστερον τελέως Ῥωμαῖοι, τοὺς δὲ Βοίους 
ἐξήλασαν ἐκ τῶν τόπων, μεταστάντες δ᾽ εἰς τοὺς 
περὶ τὸν Ἴστρον τόπους μετὰ Ταυρίσκων ὦκουν 
πολεμοῦντες πρὸς Δακούς, ἕως ἀπώλοντο πανεθνεί: 
τὴν δὲ χώραν οὖσαν τῆς ᾿Ιλλυρίδος μηλόβοτον 
τοῖς περιοικοῦσι κατέλιπον. Ϊνσουβροι δὲ καὶ 
νῦν εἰσί. Μεδιολάνιον δ᾽ ἔσχον μητρόπολιν, 
πάλαι μὲν κώμην (ἅπαντες γὰρ ὠκουν κωμηδόν), 
νῦν δ᾽ ἀξιόλογον πόλιν, πέραν τοῦ Πάδου συνά- 
πτουσάν πως ταῖς ᾿Αλπεσι. πλησίον δε καὶ Οὐή- 
pov,” καὶ αὕτη πόλις μεγάλη. ἐλάττους δὲ 
τούτων Βριξία καὶ Μαντούα καὶ Ῥήγιον ὃ καὶ 
Κῶμον: αὕτη δ᾽ ἢ ἣν μὲν κατοικία μετρία, Πομπήιος 
δὲ Στράβων ὁ Μάγνου πατὴρ κακωθεῖσαν ὑπὸ 
τῶν ὑπερκειμένων Ῥαιτῶν συνῴκισεν" εἶτα Γάϊος 
Σκιπίων τρισχιλίους προσέθηκεν" εἶτα ὁ Θεὸς 
Καῖσαρ πεντακισχιλίους ἐπισυνῴκισεν, ὧν οἱ 


1 For ποτέ, Xylander reads πόλιν ; so the other earlier 
editors ; Bernadakis and Vogel approving. 

2 Ὁ: Kramer, for Βήρων; ; so the later editors. 

3 Strabo almost certainly wrote Βέργομον instead of “Ρήγιον 
(see footnote on opposite page). 


1 § 4 above. 2 That is, near the Alps. 


310 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. τ. 5-6 


separating into many streams near the outlets, the 
mouth is choked with mud and hard to enter. But 
even the greatest difficulties are overcome by 
experience. 

6. In early times, then, as I was saying,! the 
country round about the Padus was inhabited for 
the most part by the Celti. And the largest tribes 
of the Celti were the Boii, the Insubri, and those 
Senones who, along with the Gaezatae, once seized 
the territory of the Romans. These two peoples, it 
is true, were utterly destroyed by the Romans later 
on, but the Boii were merely driven out of the regions 
they occupied; and after migrating to the regions 
round about the Ister, lived with the Taurisci, 
and carried on war against the Daci until they 
perished, tribe and all—and thus they left their 
country, which was a part of Illyria, to their neigh- 
bours as a pasture-ground for sheep. The Insubri, 
however, are still in existence. They had as me- 
tropolis Mediolanium, which, though long ago only 
a village (for they all used to dwell only in villages), 
is now a notable city; it is across the Padus, and 
almost adjoins the Alps. Near by? is Verona also 
(this, too, a large city), and, smaller than these two, 
the cities of Brixia, Mantua, Regium,®? and Comum. 
Comum used to be only a moderate-sized settlement, 
but, after its ill treatment by the Rhaeti who are 
situated above it, Pompey Strabo, father of Pompey 
the Great, settled a Roman colony there; then 
Gaius Scipio added three thousand colonists; 
then the Deified Caesar further settled it with five 


3 Regium Lepidum. But Strabo is talking about Trans- 
padana, not Cispadana ; and hence it is almost certain that 
he wrote ‘‘ Bergomum,” not ‘‘ Regium.” 


211 


STRABO 


nm 3 7 A e 3 [4 
πεντακόσιοι τῶν “Ελλήνων ὑπῆρξαν οἱ ἐπιφανέ- 
’ὔ 7 \ ὅν 4 
στατοι" τούτοις δὲ Kal πολιτείαν ἔδωκε Kal ἐνέ- 
, Vi 
γραψεν αὐτοὺς εἰς τοὺς συνοίκους" οὐ μέντοι 
by a ’ 
ὥκησαν αὐτόθι, ἀλλὰ καὶ τοὔνομά γε τῷ κτίσματι 
a a At 3 / 
ἐκεῖνοι κατέλιπον: Νεοκωμῖται yap ἐκλήθησαν 
an , 
ἅπαντες, τοῦτο δὲ μεθερμηνευθὲν Νοβουμκώμουμ 
an / , ’ 
λέγεται. ἐγγὺς δὲ τοῦ χωρίου τούτου λίμνη 
aA 3 Ci='D 4 
Adptos καλουμένη: πληροῖ δ᾽ αὐτὴν ὁ Adovas 
, 3 > γφῳ7) 3 Ν TI (ὃ \ δὲ \ 
ποταμός" εἶτ᾽ ἐξίησιν εἰς τὸν Πάδον. τὰς δὲ πηγὰς 
» > ἣν τσ / " v4 \ γα 
ἔσχηκεν ἐν τῷ Αδούλᾳ ὄρει, ὅπου Kal ὁ Ῥῆνος. 
aA rn fy 
7. Αὗται μὲν οὖν πολὺ ὑπὲρ τῶν ἑλῶν WKNVTAL, 
\ a , a 
πλησίον δὲ τὸ Ἰ]Παταούιον, πασῶν ἀρίστη τῶν 
/ , 7 
ταύτῃ πόλεων, ἥ γε νεωστὶ λέγεται τιμήσασθαι 
Ν \ \ 
πεντακοσίους ἱππικοὺς ἄνδρας, Kal TO παλαιὸν δὲ 
lal n \ \ 
ἔστελλε δώδεκα μυριάδας στρατιᾶς. δηλοῖ δὲ Kal 
\ an a / A 3 \ 
TO πλῆθος τῆς πεμπομένης κατασκευῆς εἰς τὴν 
ς , Φ Ὁ , A 5» X52 a 
Ρώμην κατ᾽ ἐμπορίαν, τῶν Te ἄλλων Kal ἐσθῆτος 
an \ , 
παντοδαπῆς, THY εὐανδρίαν τῆς πόλεως καὶ τὴν 
> 4 » Ἂν / > A lal 
evteyviav. ἔχει δὲ θαλάττης ἀνάπλουν ποταμῷ 
\ a) a / 
διὰ TOV ἑλῶν φερομένῳ σταδίων πεντήκοντα Kal 
, 3 / / a aS \ 
διακοσίων ἐκ λιμένος μεγάλου: καλεῖται δ᾽ ὁ λιμὴν 
, ς , A A (a juleey 
Μεδόακος ὁμωνύμως TO ποταμῷ. ἐν δὲ τοῖς ἕλεσι 
/ / 3 ς ’ \ ef \ 
μεγίστη μέν ἐστι Paovevva, ξυλοπαγὴς ὅλη Kal 
/ ie \ , « 
διάρρυτος, γεφύραις καὶ πορθμείοις ὁδευομένη. 
/ 2 Ν aA a 
δέχεται δ᾽ ov μικρὸν τῆς θαλάττης μέρος ἐν ταῖς 
, , \ \ 7 
πλημμυρίσιν, ὥστε καὶ ὑπὸ τούτων Kal ὑπὸ TOTA- 


1 Strabo seems to mean the last census (14 A.p.) in the 
reign of Augustus. The number of citizens at this census, 
according to the Monumentum Ancyranum, was 4,037,000. 


are 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. τ. 6-7 


thousand, among whom the five hundred Greeks 
were the most notable; and to these latter he 
not only gave the rights of citizenship but also 
enrolled them among the colonists. The Greeks 
did not, however, take up their abode there, though 
they at least left to the settlement the name; for 
the colonists were, asa whole, called “ Neo-Comitae ” 
—that is, if interpreted in Latin, “ Novum Comum.” 
Near this place is what is called Lake Larius; it 
is fed by the River Addua. The river then issues 
forth from the lake into the Padus; it has its 
original sources, however, in Mount Adula, in which 
also the Rhenus has its sources. 

7. These cities, then, are situated considerably 
above the marshes; and near them is Patavium, the 
best of all the cities in that part of the country, 
since this city by recent census,' so it is said, had 
five hundred knights, and, besides, in ancient times 
used to send forth an army of one hundred and 
twenty thousand. And the quantities of manu- 
factured goods which Patavium sends to Rome to 
market—clothing of all sorts and many other things— 
show what a goodly store of men it has and how 
skilled they are in the arts. Patavium offers an inland 
voyage from the sea by a river which runs through 
the marshes, two hundred and fifty stadia from a 
large harbour; the harbour, like the river, is called 
Medoacus. The largest city in the marshes, however, 
is Ravenna, a city built entirely of wood 2 and coursed 
by rivers, and it is provided with thoroughfares by 
means of bridges and ferries. At the tides the city 
receives no small portion of the sea, so that, since 


2 Possibly Strabo means simply ‘‘ built on piles” ; but see 
Encye. Brit. (1911) under ““ Ravenna,” p. 925. 


Ὁ 


C 214 


STRABO 


μῶν éxxrulopevov τὸ βορβορῶδες πᾶν ἰᾶται τὴν 
δυσαερίαν. οὕτως γοῦν ὑγιεινὸν ἐξήτασται τὸ 
χωρίον ὥστε ἐνταῦθα τοὺς μονομάχους τρέφειν 
καὶ γυμνάξειν ἀπέδειξαν οἱ ἡγεμόνες. ἔστι μὲν 
οὖν καὶ τοῦτο θαυμαστὸν τῶν ἐνθάδε, τὸ ἐν ἕλει 
τοὺς ἀέρὰς ἀβλαβεῖς εἶναι, καθάπερ καὶ ἐν 
᾿Αλεξανδρείᾳ τῇ πρὸς Αἰγύπτῳ τοῦ θέρους ἡ 
λίμνη τὴν μοχθηρίαν ἀποβάλλει διὰ τὴν ἀνάβασιν 
τοῦ ποταμοῦ καὶ τὸν τῶν τελμάτων ἀφανισμόν, 
ἀλλὰ καὶ τὸ περὶ τὴν ἄμπελον πάθος θαυμάξειν 
ἄξιον, φύει μὲν γὰρ αὐτὴν τὰ ἕλη καὶ ποιεῖ ταχὺ 
καὶ πολὺν ἀποδιδοῦσαν καρπόν, φθείρεται δὲ ἐν 
ἔτεσι τέταρσιν ἢ πέντε. ἔστι δὲ καὶ TO” AXTLVOY 
ἐν ἕλει, παραπλήσιον ἔχον τῇ Ῥαουέννῃ τὴν θέσιν. 
μεταξὺ δὲ Βούτριον τῆς Ῥαουέννης πόλισμα καὶ ἡ 
Σπίνα, νῦν μὲν κωμίον, πάλαι δὲ ᾿Ελληνὶς πόλις 
ἔνδοξος. θησαυρὸς γοῦν ἐν Δελφοῖς Σπινιτῶν 
δείκνυται, καὶ τἄλλα ἱστορεῖται περὶ αὐτῶν, ὡς 
θαλασσοκρατησάντων. φασὶ δὲ καὶ ἐπὶ θαλάσσῃ 
ὑπάρξαι, νῦν δ᾽ ἐστὶν ἐν μεσογαίᾳ τὸ χωρίον περὶ 
ἐνενήκοντα τῆς θαλάσσης σταδίους ἀπέχον. καὶ 
ἡ ‘Paovevva δὲ Θετταλῶν εἴρηται κτίσμα" οὐ 
φέροντες δὲ τὰς τῶν Τυρρηνῶν ὕβρεις ἐδέξαντο 
ἑκόντες τῶν ᾿μβρικῶν TWAS, οἱ καὶ νῦν ἔχουσι 
τὴν πόλιν, αὐτοὶ δ᾽ ἀπεχώρησαν ἐπ᾽ οἴκον. αὗται 


1 ἐκκλυζόμενον, Corais, for εἰσκλυζόμενον ; so the later 
editors. 


1 Lake Mareotis (now Mariout) ; see 17. 1. 7. 

2 The remains of numerous treasuries, ¢. 6. small temple-like 
treasure-houses, are still to be seen at Delphi. Different 
cities, nations, and princes built them as repositories for their 
offerings to the god. For an excellent drawing of the sacred 


314 


GEOGRAPHY, s. 1.7 


the filth is all washed out by these as well as by the 
rivers, the city is relieved of foul air. At any rate, 
the place has been found to be so healthful that 
the rulers have given orders to feed and train the 
gladiators there. Now this is indeed one of the 
marvellous things at Ravenna, I mean the fact that 
the air in a marsh is harmless (compare the Egyptian 
Alexandria, where, in summer, the lake! loses its 
baneful qualities by reason of the overflow of the Nile 
and the disappearance of the standing waters), but 
the behaviour of the vine is also a thing fit to marvel 
at; for although the marshes support it and make 
it yield fruit quickly and in great quantities, it dies 
within four or five years. Altinum too is in a marsh, 
for the position it occupies is similar to that of 
Ravenna. Between the two cities is Butrium, a town 
belonging to Ravenna, and also Spina, which though 
now only a small village, long ago was a Greek city 
of repute. At any rate,a treasury ? of the Spinitae is 
to be seen at Delphi; and everything else that history . 
tells about them shows that they were once masters 
of the sea. Moreover, it is said that Spina was once 
situated by the sea, although at the present time the 
place is in the interior, about ninety stadia distant 
from the sea. Furthermore, it has been said that 
Ravenna was founded by the Thessalians ; but since 
they could not bear the wanton outrages of the 
Tyrrhenians, they voluntarily took in some of the 
Ombrici,? which latter still now hold the city, 
whereas the Thessalians themselves returned home. 


precinct, showing the result of the French excavations (1892- 
1897), see Frazer’s Pausanias, vol. V, opposite p. 258. 

3 The ‘‘Umbri” of Roman history. See end of ὃ 10 
following. 


315 


STRABO 


x 5 2. ἘῸΝ / ΄ a oa 4 
μὲν οὖν ἐπὶ πλέον περιέχονται τοῖς EAETLY, WATE 
καὶ κλύζεσθαι. 

3 ’ὔ 3 ’ 

8, ᾽Οπιτέργιον: δὲ καὶ Κωνκορδία καὶ Atpia® 

\ > , yield a / χὰ 
καὶ Οὐικετία καὶ ἄλλα τοιαῦτα πολισμάτια ἧττον 

᾽ 
μὲν ὑπὸ τῶν ἑλῶν ἐνοχλεῖται, μικροῖς δ᾽ ἀνάπλοις 
πρὸς τὴν θάλατταν συνῆπται. τὴν δ᾽ ᾿Ατρίαν 
ἐπιφανῆ γενέσθαι πόλιν φασίν, ἀφ᾽ ἧς καὶ τοὔ- 
νομα τῷ κόλπῳ γενέσθαι τῷ ᾿Αδρίᾳ, μικρὰν μετά- 
θεσιν λαβόν. ᾿Ακυληία δ᾽, ἥπερ μάλιστα τῷ 
μυχῷ πλησιάξει, κτίσμα μέν ἐστι Ῥωμαίων, 
ἐπιτειχισθὲν τοῖς ὑπερκειμένοις βαρβάροις, ἀνα- 
πλεῖται δὲ ὁλκάσι κατὰ τὸν Naticova ποταμὸν 
ἐπὶ πλείους ἢ ἑξήκοντα σταδίους. ἀνεῖται δ᾽ 
/ La n “ 
ἐμπόριον" τοῖς περὶ τὸν Ἴστρον τῶν ᾿Ιλλυριῶν 
” / > ® \ \ 3 / 
ἔθνεσι" κομίζουσι δ᾽ οὗτοι μὲν τὰ ἐκ θαλάττης, 
καὶ οἶνον ἐπὶ ξυλίνων πίθων ἁρμαμάξαις ἀνα- 
θέντες καὶ ἔλαιον, ἐκεῖνοι & ἀνδράποδα καὶ βοσκή- 
“ € A 

pata καὶ δέρματα. ἔξω δ᾽ ἐστὶ τῶν Evetixov 
ef ἄν. / 7 Ν [οὶ κκ 
ὅρων ἡ ἈΑκυληία. διορίζονται δὲ ποταμῷ ῥέοντι 
ἀπὸ τῶν ᾿Αλπίων ὀρῶν, ἀνάπλουν ἔχοντι καὶ 
διακοσίων σταδίων ἐπὶ τοῖς χιλίοις εἰς Νωρηίαν 

1 "Οπιτέργιον, Corais, for ᾿Επιτέρπιον ; so the later editors. 

2 Κωνκορδία, Siebenkees (from conj. of Cluverius), for ὀρδία ; 
so the later editors. 3 ῬΑτρία, all editors, for ᾿Αδρία. 

4 For πλείους # several editors, including Meineke, wrongly 
read πλείστου“. 


5 After ἐμπόριον Groskurd, Meineke, and others insert τοῖς 
τε Evetots καί ; a tempting but unnecessary emendation. 


1 The Greek word for ‘‘ Adriatic” is merely ‘‘ Adrias.” 

2 So Pliny (3. 20). 

3 Pliny (3. 22) placed Aquileia fifteen miles from the sea. 
The distance to-day to the ruins of the old Aquileia is seven 
miles. The Natiso (Natisone) appears to have changed its 
lower course since Strabo’s time. 


316 


‘GEOGRAPHY, ς. τ. 7-8 


These cities, then, are for the most part surrounded 
by the marshes, and hence subject to inundations. 

8. But Opitergium, Concordia, Atria, Vicetia, and 
other small towns like them are less hemmed in by 
the marshes, though they are connected with the 
sea by small waterways. It is said that Atria was 
once an illustrious city, and that the Adriatic! Gulf 
got its name therefrom, with only a slight change in 
the spelling.2 Aquileia, which is nearest of all to 
' the recess of the Gulf, was founded by the Romans 
as a fortress against the barbarians who were situated 
above it; and there is an inland voyage thither for 
merchant-vessels, by way of the River Natiso, for a 
distance of more than sixty stadia.* Aquileia has 
been given over as an emporium for those tribes of 
the Illyrians that live near the Ister;* the latter 
load on wagons and carry inland the products of 
the sea, and wine stored in wooden 818,5 and also 
olive-oil, whereas the former ® get in exchange slaves, 
cattle, and hides. But Aquileia is outside the 
boundaries of the Heneti. The boundary between 
the two peoples is marked by a river flowing from 
the Alps,’ which affords an inland voyage of as much 
as twelve hundred stadia to the city of Noreia,® near 


<“Opgenuy 10-ande 7 ὃ: Ὁ; 

5 In 5. 1. 12 Strabo speaks of wooden jars “larger than 
houses.” 

6 By ‘‘the former,” Strabo refers of course to the in- 
habitants, not only of Aquileia, but of the various towns 
(named and unnamed above) about the recess of the Adriatic. 

1 It is impossible to say what river Strabo had in mind, 
whether the Isonzo, or the Tagliamento, or the Sile, or the 
Piave, or what; but no river of to-day answers the con- 
ditions. 

8 Now Neumarkt, in the duchy of Styria, Austria. 


317 


C 215 


STRABO 


πόλιν, περὶ ἣν Τναῖος Κάρβων συμβαλὼν Kip- 
βροις οὐδὲν ἔπραξεν. ἔχει δὲ ὁ τόπος οὗτος 
χρυσιοπλύσια εὐφυῆ καὶ σιδηρουργεῖα. ἐν αὐτῷ 
δὲ τῷ μυχῷ τοῦ ᾿Αδρίου καὶ ἱερὸν τοῦ Διομήδους 
ἐστὶν ἄξιον μνήμης, τὸ Ῥίμανον' λιμένα γὰρ ἔχει 
καὶ ἄλσος ἐκπρεπὲς καὶ πηγὰς ἑπτὰ ποτίμου ' 
ὕδατος εὐθὺς εἰς τὴν θάλασσαν ἐκπίπτοντος, 
πλατεῖ καὶ βαθεῖ ποταμῷ. Πολύβιος δ᾽ εἴρηκε 

\ an \ BUA e a ¢ \ \ \ 
πλὴν μιᾶς τὰς ἄλλας ἁλμυροῦ ὕδατος, καὶ δὴ καὶ 
τοὺς ἐπιχωρίους πηγὴν καὶ μητέρα τῆς θαλάττης 
ὀνομάξειν τὸν τόπον. Ποσειδώνιος δέ φησι ποτα- 
μὸν τὸν Τίμαυον ἐκ τῶν ὀρῶν φερόμενον καταπί- 
mrew εἰς βέρεθρον, εἶθ᾽ ὑπὸ γῆς ἐνεχθέντα περὶ 
ἑκατὸν καὶ τριάκοντα σταδίους ἐπὶ τῇ θαλάττῃ 
τὴν ἐκβολὴν ποιεῖσθαι. 

9, Τῆς δὲ τοῦ Διομήδους δυναστείας περὶ τὴν 
θάλατταν ταύτην αἵ τε Διομήδειοι νῆσοι μαρτύρια 
καὶ τὰ “περὶ Δαυνίους καὶ τὸ "A pyos τὸ Ἵππιον 
ἱστορούμενα" περὶ ὧν ἐροῦμεν ἐφ᾽ ὅσον πρὸς 
ἱστορίαν χρήσιμον, τὰ δὲ πολλὰ τῶν μυθευομένων 
ἢ κατεψευσμένων ἄλλως ἐᾶν δεῖ, οἷον τὰ περὶ 
Φαέθοντα καὶ τὰς Ἡλιάδας τὰς ἀπαιγειρουμένας 
περὶ τὸν Ηριδανὸν τὸν μηδαμοῦ γῆς ὄντα, πλησίον 
δὲ τοῦ Πάδου λεγόμενον, καὶ τὰς Ἠλεκτρίδας 
νήσους τὰς πρὸ τοῦ ἸΙάδου καὶ μελεωγρίδας ἐν 


1 ποτίμου, Xylander, for ποταμίου (as in 5. 4. 5 and 5. 4. 18); 
so most of the editors. 


1113 B.c. Livy (Zpit. 63) says ‘‘Carbo and his army were 
routed.” ? 

* Strabo is now speaking of ‘‘recess” in its most specific 
sense—the inmost recess in the general recess of the Adriatic. 

3 The Timavi Fons (now the Timayo). 

4 Now Arpino, δ, 8.9 


318 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 1. 8-9 


which Gnaeus Carbo clashed to no effect with the 
Cimbri.!. This region has places that are naturally 
well-suited to gold-washing, and has also iron-works. 
And in the very recess of the Adriatic ? there is also 
a temple of Diomedes that is worth recording, “ the 
Timavum ”’ ; for it has a hatbour, and a magnificent 
precinct, and seven fountains of potable waters which 
immediately empty into the sea in one broad, deep 
river.2 According to Polybius, all the fountains 
except one are of salt water, and, what is more, the 
natives call the place the source and mother of the 
sea. But Poseidonius says that a river, the Timavus, 
runs out of the mountains, falls down into a chasm, 
and then, after running underground about a hundred 
and thirty stadia, makes its exit near the sea. 

9. As for the dominion of Diomedes in the 
neighbourhood of this sea, not. only the “ Islands 
of Diomedes”’ bear witness thereto, but also the 
historical accounts of the Daunii and Argos Hippium,' 
which I shall relate > insofar as they may be historic- 
ally useful; but I must disregard most of the 
mythical or false stories, as, for example, the stories 
of Phaethon, and of the Heliades that were changed 
into poplar-trees near the Eridanus (the Eridanus 
that exists nowhere on earth, although it is spoken of 
as near the Padus),® and of the Electrides Islands 
that lie off the Padus,’ and of the guinea-fowls on 


6 Cp. the reference to the Attic Eridanus in 9. 1. 19. 

7 In Hesiod (Fr. 199 [220], Rzach) Eridanus is the river- 
god on the banks of whose river were quantities of amber 
(‘*Electrum’’), Later on, since amber was found at the 
mouth of the Po, the ‘‘ Amber (Electrides) Islands” were 
placed there (see Pliny 3. 30). In Greek mythology Phaethon 
was thrown from the chariot of the Sun into Eridanus, and 
his sisters (the Heliades) who had yoked the chariot were 
metamorphosed into poplars, and their tears into amber. 


319 


STRABO 


αὐταῖς" οὐδὲ yap τούτων οὐδὲν ἐστιν ἐν τοῖς 
τόποις. τῷ δὲ Διομήδει παρὰ τοῖς Ἑνετοῖς ἀπο- 
δεδειγμέναι τινὲς ἱστοροῦνται τιμαί" καὶ γὰρ 
θύεται λευκὸς ἵππος αὐτῷ, καὶ δύο ἄλση τὸ μὲν 
Ἥρας ᾿Αργείας δείκνυται, τὸ δ᾽ ᾿Αρτέμιδος Αἰ- 
τωλίδος. προσμυθεύουσι δ᾽, ὡς εἰκός, τὸ ἐν τοῖς 
ἄλσεσι τούτοις ἡμεροῦσθαι τὰ θηρία καὶ λύκοις 
ἐλάφους συναγελάζεσθαι, προσιόντων δὲ τῶν 
ἀνθρώπων καὶ καταψώντων ἀνέχεσθαι, τὰ δὲ 
διωκόμενα ὑπὸ τῶν κυνῶν, ἐπειδὰν καταφύγῃ 
δεῦρο, μηκέτι διώκεσθαι. φασὶ δέ τινα τῶν πάνυ, 
γνωριζόμενον * ὡς εἴη. φιλέγγυος καὶ σκωπτόμενον 
ἐπὶ τούτῳ, παρατυχεῖν κυνηγέταις λύκον ἐν τοῖς 
δικτύοις ἔχουσιν" εἰπόντων δὲ κατὰ παιδιάν, εἰ 
ἐγγυᾶται τὸν λύκον, ἐφ᾽ ᾧτε τὰς ζημίας ἃς 
εἴργασται διαλύσειν, ἀφήσειν αὐτὸν ἐκ τῶν 
λίνων, ὁμολογῆσαι" ἀφεθέντα δὲ τὸν λύκον ἵππων 
ἀγέλην ἀπελάσαντα ἀκαυτηριάστων ἱκανὴν προσ- 
αγαγεῖν πρὸς τὸν τοῦ φιλεγγύου σταθμόν" τὸν 
δ᾽ ἀπολαβόντα τὴν χάριν καυτηριάσαι τε τὰς 
ἵππους λύκον, καὶ κληθῆναι λυκοφόρους, τάχει 
μᾶλλον ἢ κάλλει διαφερούσας" τοὺς δ᾽ ἀπ᾽ ἐκείνου 
διαδεξαμένους τό τε καυτήριον φυλάξαι καὶ 
τοὔνομα τῷ γένει τῶν ἵππων, ἔθος δὲ ποιῆσαι 
θήλειαν μὴ ἐξαλλοτριοῦν, ἱ ἵνα μένοι παρὰ μόνοις 
τὸ γνήσιον γένος, ἐνδόξου γενομένης ἐνθένδε 
ἱππείας. νυνὶ δέ, ὥσπερ ἔφαμεν, πᾶσα ἐκλέλοιπεν 


1 νωριζόμενον, Kramer, for γνωριζομένων ; so the later 
editors. 


1 Cp. 1. 2. 15, on the addition of mythical elements. 
320 


GEOGRAPHY, s.r. 9 


them ; for not one of these things is in that region, 
either. It is an historical fact, however, that among 
the Heneti certain honours have been decreed to 
Diomedes ; and, indeed, a white horse is still sacrificed 
to him, and two precincts are still to be seen—one 
of them sacred to the Argive Hera and the other to 
the Aetolian Artemis. But some mythical elements, 
of course, have been added :1! namely, that in these 
sacred precincts the wild animals become tame, and 
deer herd with wolves, and they allow the people to 
approach and caress them, and any that are being 
pursued by dogs are no longer pursued when they 
have taken refuge here. And it is said that one of 
the prominent men, who was known for his fondness 
for giving bail for people and was twitted for this, 
fell in with some hunters who had a wolf in their 
nets, and, upon their saying in jest that if he would 
give bail for the wolf, and agree to settle all the 
damage the wolf should do, they would set the wolf 
free from the toils, he agreed to the proposal ; and the 
wolf, when set free, drove off a considerable herd of 
unbranded horses and brought them to the steading 
of the man who was fond of giving bail; and the 
man who received the favour not only branded all 
the mares witha wolf, but also called them the “ wolf- 
breed ’’—mares exceptional for speed rather than 
beauty; and his successors kept not only the brand 
but also the name for the breed of the horses, and 
made it a custom not to sell a mare to outsiders, in 
order that the genuine breed might remain in their 
family alone, since horses of that breed had become 
famous. But, at the present time, as I was saying,? 
the practice of horse-breeding has wholly disappeared. 


2 § 4 above. 


321 
VOL, II. Y 


C 216 


STRABO 


< / ” \ Ν Ν ld ς A 
ἡ τοιαύτη ἄσκησις. μετὰ δὲ TO Τίμαυον ἡ τῶν 
ῇ ἃ , 
᾿Ιστρίων ἐστὶ παραλία μέχρι ἸΙόλας, ἣ πρόσκειται 
τῇ ᾿Ιταλίᾳ. μεταξὺ δὲ φρούριον Tepyéote, ᾿Ακυ- 
nee 7 ς \ Pree. / / 
Anias διέχον ἑκατὸν Kal ὀγδοήκοντα σταδίους. 
ἡ δὲ ἸΠόλα ἵδρυται μὲν ἐν κόλπῳ λιμενοειδεῖ, 
, 5 
νησίδια ἔχοντι εὔορμα καὶ εὔκαρπα' κτίσμα ὃ 
ἐστὶν ἀρχαῖον Κόλχων τῶν ἐπὶ τὴν Μήδειαν 
a / \ 
ἐκπεμφθέντων, διαμαρτόντων δὲ τῆς πράξεως Kal 
na ἊΝ 
καταγνόντων ἑαυτῶν φυγήν" τό κεν φυγάδων. μὲν 
> / » ς 7 » ἌΚΡΟΝ 
ἐνίσποι Ἰ᾽ραϊκός (ὡς Καλλίμαχος εἴρηκεν), ἀτὰρ 
a / 
κείνων γλῶσσ᾽ ὀνόμηνε ἸΪόλας. τὰ μὲν δὴ πέραν 
a (ὃ ’ νά id \ / x e1 
τοῦ Iladov χωρία ot τε Evetot νέμονται καὶ οἱ 
‘a Υ Ὁ \ \ la) ς lal Ks \ 
μέχρι ἸΙόλας, ὑπὲρ δὲ τῶν ᾿νετῶν Κάρνοι καὶ 
Κενομάνοι καὶ Μεδόακοι καὶ Σύμβροι"" ὧν οἱ 
μὲν πολέμιοι τοῖς Ρωμαίοις ὑπῆρξαν, ἹΚενομάνοι 
δὲ καὶ ‘Everol συνεμάχουν καὶ πρὸ τῆς ᾿Αννίβα 
/ ς 4 ies I. \ 7 7 > 
στρατείας, ἡνίκα Boiovs καὶ Σύμβρους 5 ἐπο- 
λέμουν, καὶ μετὰ ταῦτα. 

10. Οἱ δ᾽ ἐντὸς τοῦ Ἰἰάδου κατέχουσι μὲν 
ἅπασαν ὅσην ἐγκυκλοῦνται τὰ ᾿Απέννινα ὄρη 
\ Vf / , \ an vA 
πρὸς Ta” Adria μέχρι Levovas καὶ τῶν Σαβάτων. 
κατεῖχον δὲ Βόϊοι καὶ Λίγυες καὶ Σένονες καὶ 
Ταιζάται τὸ πλέον: τῶν δὲ Βοίων ἐξεχλαθέντων, 


1 After of Kramer inserts Ἴστριοι ; so the later editors. 

2 For Σύμβροι and Σύμβρους Corais reads Ἴνσουβροι and 
Ἰνσούβῥους ; and in ὃ 12 following, for Σύμβρων, ᾿Ινσούβρων ; 
Meineke following. ““Ἴνσουβροι," the last word in ὃ 10 
following, seems to indicate that the ‘‘Symbri” are to be 
identified with the ‘‘ Insubri.” 


1 See 1. 2. 39, where the quotation is more complete. 
* The ‘‘Symbri” are here twice referred to, and once in 


322 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 1. 9-10 


After the Timavum comes the seaboard of the Istrii 
as far as Pola, which belongs to Italy. Between the 
Timavum and Pola lies the stronghold of Tergeste, at 
a distance of one hundred and eighty stadia from 
Aquileia. As for Pola, it is situated in a harbour- 
like gulf which has isles with good mooring-places 
and with fruitful soil; it was founded in early times 
by those Colchians who were sent forth in quest of 
Medea, but failed in their undertaking and thus 
condemned themselves to exile: “ which a Greek 
would call ‘the city of the exiles,” as Callimachus 
has said, “ but their tongue hath named it Polae.”’ 1 
The Transpadane districts, then, are occupied both 
by the Heneti and by the peoples who extend as far 
as Pola; and, above the Heneti, by the Carni, the 
Cenomani, the Medoaci, and the Symbri;? of these 
peoples, some were once enemies of the Romans, but 
the Cenomani and the Heneti used to help the 
Romans in their battles, not only before the campaign 
of Hannibal (I mean when the Romans were making 
war upon the Boii and the Symbri), but thereafter as 
well. 

10. But the Cispadane peoples occupy all that 
country which is encircled by the Apennine Mountains 
towards the Alps as far as Genua and Sabata.2 The 
greater part of the country used to be occupied 
by the Boii, Ligures, Senones, and Gaezatae ; but 
since the Boii have been driven out, and since both 


§ 12 following; but such a people is otherwise unknown. 
Two of the editors emend in each case to ‘‘ Insubri.” 

3 That is, the arc described by the Apennines, in their 
stretch from the region of Ariminum and Ancona as far as 
Genua and Vada Sabatorum (cp. 4. 6. 1, 5. 1. 3), together 
with the Po, enclose Gallia Cispadana, 


323 


STRABO 


΄ \ a A 2 \ , 
ἀφανισθέντων δὲ καὶ τῶν TakaTov καὶ Σενόνων, 
/ \ N\ n \ n ς 7 
λείπεται τὰ Λιγυστικὰ φῦλα καὶ τῶν Ῥωμαίων 

lal ς / 
αἱ ἀποικίαι. τοῖς δὲ Ῥωμαίοις ἀναμέμικται καὶ 
τὸ τῶν ᾿Ομβρικῶν φῦλον, ἔστι δ᾽ ὅπου καὶ Τυρ- 
n la) \ a la) 
ρηνῶν" ταῦτα yap ἄμφω τὰ ἔθνη πρὸ τῆς τῶν 
2 Ν 
Ρωμαίων ἐπὶ πλέον αὐξήσεως εἰχέ, τινα πρὸς 
ἄλληλα περὶ πρωτείων ἅμιλλαν, καὶ μέσον ἔχοντα 
τὸν Τίβεριν. ποταμὸν ῥᾳδίως ἐπιδιέβαινον ἀλλή- 
λοις, καὶ εἴ πού τινας ἐκστρατείας ἐποιοῦντο ἐπ᾽ 
A / 7 > \ 
ἄλλους οἱ ἕτεροι, καὶ τοῖς ἑτέροις ἔρις ἣν μὴ 
an \ / / 
ἀπολείπεσθαι τῆς εἰς τοὺς αὐτοὺς τόπους ἐξόδου" 
καὶ δὴ καὶ τῶν Tuppnvav στειλάντων στρατιὰν 
>. \ \ \ ; / / \ 
εἰς τοὺς περὶ tov ἸΙάδον βαρβάρους καὶ πρα- 
Edvtwy εὖ, ταχὺ δὲ πάλιν ἐκπεσόντων διὰ τὴν 
τρυφήν, ἐπεστράτευσαν οἱ ἕτεροι τοῖς ἐκβαλοῦσιν'" 
5 9 tal an ἴω 
εἶτ᾽ ἐκ διαδοχῆς τῶν τόπων ἀμφισβητοῦντες 
πολλὰς τῶν κατοικιῶν Tas μὲν Τυρρηνικὰς 
2 4 \ > Ψ i UA \ an 
ἐποίησαν, τὰς δ᾽ ᾽᾿Ομβρικάς, πλείους δὲ τῶν 
{9 B a 9 / \ i e δὲ Ῥ a 
μβρικῶν," ἐγγυτέρω yap ἦσαν. οἱ δὲ “Ρωμαῖοι, 
/ 
παραλαβόντες καὶ πέμψαντες ἐποίκους πολλα- 
χοῦ, συνεφύλαξαν καὶ τὰ τῶν προεποικησάντων 
γένη. καὶ νῦν Ρωμαῖοι μέν εἰσιν ἅπαντες, οὐδὲν 
δ᾽ ἧττον Ὄμβροι τέ τίνες λέγονται καὶ Tuppnvoi, 
καθάπερ ᾿ Ἑνετοὶ καὶ Λίγυες καὶ Ἴνσουβροι. 
11. [loves δ᾽ εἰσὶν ἐντὸς τοῦ ἸΙάδου καὶ περὶ 
\ a , 
τὸν Πάδον ἐπιφανεῖς Γλακεντία μὲν καὶ Kpewovn, 


1 ἄλλους (the reading of second hand in B.), for ἀλλήλους ; 
so the editors. 

2 The reading of the MSS. is of ἐγγυτέρω γὰρ ἦσαν, except 
that B omits the of. Meineke, following Kramer, reads of 
and omits γάρ. 


324 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 1. 10-11 


the Gaezatae and the Senones have been annihilated,! 
only the Ligurian tribes and the Roman colonies are 
left. The Romans, however, have been intermingled 
with the stock of the Ombrici and also, in some 
places, with that of the Tyrrheni;? for both these 
tribes, before the general aggrandizement of the 
Romans, carried on a sort of competition with one 
another for the primacy, and since they had only the 
River Tiber between them could easily cross over 
against one another. And if, as I suppose, one of 
the two peoples went forth on a campaign against a 
third people, the other of the two conceived a con- 
tentious desire not to fail to make an expedition to 
the same places; and so, too, when the Tyrrheni had 
sent forth an army into the midst of the barbarians 
round about the Padus and had fared well, and 
then on account of their luxurious living were quickly 
cast out again, the other of the two made an ex- 
pedition against those who had cast them out; and 
then, in turns, disputing over the places, the two, in 
the case of many of the settlements, made some 
Tyrrhenian and some Ombrican—the greater number, 
however, Ombrican, for the Ombrici were nearer. 
But the Romans, upon taking control and sending 
settlers to many places, helped to preserve also the 
stocks of the earlier settlers. And at the present 
time, although they are all Romans, they are none 
the less called,some “Ombri,’ and some ‘“Tyrrheni,” 
as is the case with the Heneti, the Ligures, and the 
Insubri. 

11. There are some famous cities in Cispadana and 
in the neighbourhood of the Padus: first, Placentia 
and Cremona, which are very near each other and 


1 See 5. 1. 6. 2 That is, the Etrusci. 
325 


C 217 


STRABO 


/ \ \ 
TANTLALTATAL KATA μέσην που τὴν χώραν, μεταξὺ 
δὲ / ar , , \ Pree 

ἐ τούτων τε καὶ Αριμίνου Ilappa καὶ Μουτίνη 
\ B / x / ao Ῥ A \ ere 
καὶ Bovwvia πλησίον ἤδη Ῥαουέννης, καὶ μικρὰ 
, - 3 
πολίσματα ἀνὰ μέσον τούτων, ob ὧν ἡ εἰς 
ς , egy 7 
Ῥώμην ὁδός, Αγκαρα,1 Ῥήγιον Λέπιδον, Μακροὶ 3 
Κάμποι, ὅπου πανήγυρις συντελεῖται κατ᾽ ἔτος, 
Κλάτερνα, Φόρον Κορνήλιον" Φαουεντία δὲ καὶ ὃ 
7 \ a an Ae 
Καισήνα πρὸς τῷ Yari* ποταμῷ καὶ τῷ Pov- 
, nA \ 
βίκωνι ἤδη συνάπτουσι τῷ ᾿Αριμίνῳ. τὸ δὲ 
ἾἌ , wv 3 \ , θ , \ 
ρίμινον "Ὄμβρων ἐστὶ κατοικία, καθάπερ Kat 
ς ᾿ 4 
ἡ ῬΡαούεννα' δέδεκται δ᾽ ἐποίκους Ῥωμαίους 
Ἑ , 4 δὲ Χ 5 i , Seo τ ae 
ἑκατέρα. ἔχει δὲ TO ᾿Αρίμινον λιμένα καὶ ὁμώνυμον 
ποταμόν. ἀπὸ δὲ Ἰ]λακεντίας εἰς ᾿Αρίμινον στάδιοι 
/ / \ 
χίλιοι τριακόσιοι. ὑπὲρ δὲ Ἰ]λακεντίας ἐπὶ μὲν 
τοὺς ὅρους τῆς Κοττίου γῆς Τίκινον ἐν τριάκοντα 
a / ς 
ἕξ μιλίοις πόλις καὶ ὁμώνυμος ὁ παραρρέων 
f , an 7ὔ 
ποταμός, συμβάλλων τῷ ΙΠ]άδῳ, καὶ Καλαστίδιον 
ϑ΄ \ 
καὶ Aeptov® καὶ ᾿Ακοναιστατιέλλαι μικρὸν ἐν 
παρόδῳ. ἡ δ᾽ εὐθεῖα εἰς "Ὥκελον παρὰ τὸν Ἰ]άδον 
7 
καὶ τὸν Δουρίαν ποταμόν, βαραθρώδης ἡ πολλή, 
fs χὰ \ \ 
πλείους Kal ἄλλους ἔχουσα ποταμούς, ὧν καὶ TOV 
1 Αγκαρα, Meineke, for ”Arapa. 
2 Maxpot, Xylander, for Ndxpo:; so the later editors. 
3 καὶ Katonva, Corais, for καὶ σῆνα ; so the later editors. 
4 τῷ Sam, Meineke, for Ἴσαπι. 
5 Δερτών, Jones, for Δέθων (cp. Δερτών Artemidorus in 


Steph. Byz. s.v.); other editors emend to δΔέρθων. Ptole- 
maeus’ spelling is Δερτῶνα (3. 1. 31). 


1 Via Aemilia. 
2 A prosperous market-town, which got its name from the 
Macri Campi (‘‘ Lean Plains’’), west of Mutina. 


326 


GEOGRAPHY, 5.1. 11 


are at about the centre of the country; and secondly — 
between these two and Ariminum—Parma, Mutina, 
and Bononia (once in Bononia you are near Ravenna), 
and also some small towns scattered between these 
three which also lie on the road! to Rome— 
I mean Ancara, Regium Lepidum, Macri Campi? 
where a public festival is held every year, Claterna, 
and Forum Cornelium; and then, Faventia and 
Caesena, near the River Sapis and the Rubicon, 
where, at last, you are on the borders of Ariminum.?® 
Ariminum is a settlement of the Ombri, just as 
Ravenna is, although each of them has received 
Roman colonists. And Ariminum has a harbour and 
a river of like name.*— From Placentia to Ariminum 
the distance is one thousand three hundred stadia. 
Beyond Placentia, towards the boundaries of the land 
of Cottius, there lies, within a distance of thirty-six 
miles from Placentia, the city of Ticinum (and also 
the river of like name ® that flows past it and joins 
the Padus), and also, on a road which runs slightly 
to one side, there lie Clastidium, Derton ® and Aquae 
Statiellae. But the direct road to Ocelum? runs 
along the Padus and the River Durias, the greater 
part of it over ravines, since, besides these two, it 
has several other rivers to cross, among which is the 


3 The Greek of this last clause is too concise to be accurate 
and clear, but the order of the words indicates that Strabo’s 
thought was correct. He thinks of the traveller as first 
reaching Faventia (which is some twenty miles from the 
Sapis) ; then Caesena, which is near (on) the Sapis ; then the 
Rubicon (which is not near Caesena, but some twenty miles 
away), which alone borders on the territory of Ariminum. 

4 The Ariminus, now the Marecchia. 

5 The Ticinus, now the Tessin. 

δ Dertona, now Tortona, 7 Now Avigliana, 


327 


STRABO 


Δρουεντίαν, μιλίων ἐστὶ περὶ ἑξήκοντα. ἐντεῦθεν 
δὲ ἤδη τὰ Αλπια ¢ ὄρη καὶ ᾿ Κελτική. 

Πρὸς δὲ τοῖς ὄρεσι τοῖς ὑπερκειμένοις τῆς 
Λούνης ἐστὶ πόλις Λοῦκα" ἔνιοι δὲ κωμηδὸν 
οἰκοῦσιν' εὐανδρεῖ δ᾽ ὅμως ἡ χώρα καὶ τὸ στρα- 
τιωτικὸν ἐντεῦθεν τὸ πλέον ἐστὶ καὶ τὸ τῶν 
ἱππικῶν πλῆθος, ἐξ ὧν καὶ ἡ σύγκλητος λαμβάνει 
τὴν σύνταξιν. ἔστι δὲ ἡ Δερτὼν 1 πόλις ἀξιόλογος 
κειμένη κατὰ μέσην τὴν ὁδὸν τὴν ἀπὸ Τ᾿ ενούας 
εἰς Πλακεντίαν, ἑκατέρας “ , διέχουσα σταδίους 
τετρακοσίους" κατὰ δὲ ταύτην τὴν ὁδὸν καὶ 
᾿Ακουαιστατιέλλαι, ἀπὸ δὲ Πλακεντίας εἰς μὲν 
3 / 7 5 \ ¢€ i ὧν, 
Αρίμινον εἴρηται" εἰς δὲ 'Ῥαούενναν κατάπλους 
τῷ Πάδῳ δυεῖν ἡμερῶν καὶ νυκτῶν. πολὺ δὲ καὶ 
τῆς ἐντὸς τοῦ Ilddou κατείχετο ὑπὸ ἑλῶν, 
δι ὧν ᾿Αννίβας χαλεπῶς διῆλθε, προϊὼν ἐπὶ 
Τυρρηνίαν" ἀλλ᾽ ἀνέψυξε τὰ πεδία ὁ Σκαῦρος 
διώρυγας πλωτὰς ἀπὸ τοῦ Πάδου μέχρι, ἸΠάρμης 
ἄγων. κατὰ yap ΤΠλακεντίαν 0 TpeBias συμ- 
βάλλων τῷ ἸΠάδῳ καὶ ἔτι πρότερον ἄλλοι πλείους 
πληροῦσι πέραν τοῦ μετρίου. οὗτος δὲ ὁ Σκαῦρός 
ἐστιν ὁ καὶ τὴν Αἰμιλίαν ὁδὸν στρώσας τὴν διὰ 

1 Δερτών, Jones, for Δέθων (see footnote 5, p. 326). 

* ἑκατέρας, Xylander, for ἑκατέρα ; so the later editors. 


1 It is hard to believe that Strabo wrote ‘‘ Druentia ” here, 
for he has already properly placed the source of the Druentia 
beyond Ocelum (see 4. 6. 5 and the footnote). It is not 
unlikely that he wrote ‘‘Durias” (¢.e. Durias Major) 
instead, for the road in question not only crossed the Durias 
Minor, which it followed, but the Durias Major as well. 
Otherwise, he is characterizing the road beyond Ocelum when 
he is supposed to be discussing merely the stretch from 
Ticinum to Ocelum. 


328 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 1. 11 


Druentia,! a distance of about sixty miles.2 And 
this? is where the Alps Mountains and Celtica* 
begin. 

Near those mountains which lie above Luna is a 
city, Luca, although some of the people here live 
only in villages; nevertheless the country has a 
goodly store of men, and the greater part of the 
soldiery comes from here, and also the majority of 
those men of equestrian rank from whom the 
Senate recruits its ranks.° Derton is a considerable 
city, and it is situated about midway of the road 
which runs from Genua to Placentia, being four 
hundred stadia distant from each; and this is the 
road on which Aquae Statiellae is situated. Of the 
distance from Placentia to Ariminum I have already 
spoken ; there is also a voyage thence by the Padus 
down to Ravenna which takes two days and nights. 
Now a considerable part of Cispadana too used to be 
covered by marshes (through which Hannibal, on 
his advance against Tyrrhenia, passed only with 
difficulty); but Scaurus® drained the plains by run- 
ning navigable canals from the Padus as far as 
Parma; for near Placentia the Padus is joined by 
the Trebia, as also before that by several other 
rivers, and is thus made excessively full. This 
Scaurus is the man who constructed the Aemilian 


2 Roman miles, of course. But the distance from Ticinum 
to Ocelum is about a hundred miles. Sixty miles is a close 
estimate for the distance from Ticinum to the Durias Major. 
Most of the editors, including Meineke, emend to ‘‘ one 
hundred and sixty.” . 

3 Ocelum. 4 That is, Celtica proper. 

5 Meineke suspects this whole sentence and relegates it 
to the foot of the page. 

6 M. Aemilius Scaurus, lived 163 to about 89 B.c, 


νον 


C 218 


STRABO 


Πισῶν καὶ Λούνης μέχρι Σαβάτων, κἀντεῦθεν 
διὰ Δερτῶνος" ἄλλη δ᾽ ἐστὶν Αἰμιλία διαδεχο- 
/ \ 3 Υ \ b) / 
μένη THY Φλαμινίαν. συνυπάτευσαν γὰρ ἀλλήλοις 
Μάρκος Λέπιδος καὶ dios Φλαμίνιος" καθελόντες 
δὲ Λίγυας, ὁ μὲν τὴν Φλαμινίαν ἔστρωσεν ἐκ 
“Ῥώμης διὰ Τυρρηνῶν καὶ τῆς ᾿Ομβρικῆς μέχρι 
τῶν περὶ ᾿Αρίμινον τόπων, ὁ δὲ τὴν ἑξῆς μέχρι 
/ 2 a 5. 0.3 / \ \ ΕἸ 
Βονωνίας, κἀκεῖθεν εἰς ᾿Ακυληίαν παρὰ τὰς ῥίζας 
\ n v 2 7 \ v4 “ 
τὰς τῶν ᾿Αλπεων ἐγκυκλούμενος τὰ ἕλη. ὅριον 
\ A 7 ΄ ἃ 9 \ \ a 
δὲ τῆς χώρας ταύτης, ἣν ἐντὸς Κελτικὴν καλοῦ- 
\ \ \ >] / , 3 7, 
μεν, πρὸς τὴν λοιπὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν τὸ τε ᾿Απέννινον 
ὄρος τὸ ὑπὲρ τῆς Τυρρηνίας ἀπεδέδεικτο καὶ ὁ 
Alows ποταμός, ὕστερον δὲ ὁ Ῥουβίκων, εἰς τὸν 
᾿Αδρίαν ἐκδιδόντες ἀμφότεροι. 
12. Τῆς δ᾽ ἀρετῆς τῶν τόπων τεκμήριον ἣ τ᾽ 
3 / \ \ 7 “ Γ Nites fal 
εὐανδρία καὶ τὰ μεγέθη τῶν πόλεων καὶ ὁ πλοῦτος, 
οἷς πᾶσιν ὑπερβέβληνται τὴν ἄλλην ᾿Ιταλίαν οἱ 
ταύτῃ Ῥωμαῖοι. καὶ γὰρ ἡ γεωργουμένη γῆ πολ- 
λοὺς καὶ παντοίους ἐκφέρει καρπούς, καὶ αἱ Dat 
τοσαύτην ἔχουσι βάλανον ὥστ᾽ ἐκ τῶν ἐντεῦθεν 
ὑοφορβίων ἡ Ρώμη τρέφεται τὸ πλέον. ἔστι δὲ 
\ / / \ \ > / 
καὶ κεγχροφόρος διαφερόντως διὰ τὴν εὐυδρίαν" 


a \ ων Va f 5 yy \ Ψ 
τοῦτο δὲ λιμοῦ μέγιστόν ἐστιν ἄκος" πρὸς ἅπαντας 


\ \ Sf 5 4 Ν 3 a) ὯΝ ψ' 
γὰρ καιροὺς ἀέρων ἀντέχει, καὶ οὐδέποτ᾽ ἐπιλεί- 
1 Δερτῶνος, Jones, for Δέθωνος (see footnote 5, p. 326). 


1. 187 BO. 
330 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 1. 11-12 


Way which runs through Pisa and Luna as far as 
Sabata and thence through Derton; there is 
another Aemilian Way, however—I mean the one 
which succeeds the Flaminian. For Marcus Lepidus 
and Gaius Flaminius were consuls together!; and, 
upon subjugating the Ligures, the latter constructed 
the Flaminian Way? from Rome through Tyrrhenia 
and Ombrica as far as the regions of Ariminum, and 
the former the succeeding road that runs as far as 
Bononia, and from there, along the base of the Alps, 
thus encircling the marshes, to Aquileia. Now the 
boundary of all this country which we call Cisalpine 
Celtica—I mean the boundary between it and the 
remainder of Italy—was once designated by that 
part of the Apennine Mountains which is beyond 
Tyrrhenia, and also by the River Aesis, but later on 
by the Rubicon; both these rivers empty into the 
Adriatic. 

12. As for the excellence of the regions, it is 
evidenced by their goodly store of men, the size of 
the cities and their wealth, in all which respects 
the Romans in that part of the world have sur- 
passed the rest of Italy. y/For not only does the 
tilled land bring forth fruits in large quantities and 
of all sorts, but the forests have acorns in such 
quantities that Rome is fed mainly on the herds of 
swine that come from there. And the yield of 
millet is also exceptional, since the soil is well- 
watered; and millet is the greatest preventive of 
famine, since it withstands every unfavourable 
weather, and can never fail, even though there be 


* But from other accounts this Aemilian Way was built by 
Gaius Flaminius the Elder in 220 B.c. (see Pauly-Wissowa, 
under ‘‘ Flaminia Via,” p. 2493, and ‘‘ Flaminina,” p. 2502). 


331 


STRABO 


7 ΕΥ a ΜΚΜ , / ΄ 
πειν δύναται, κἂν τοῦ ἄλλου σίτου γένηται σπά- 
n an ? 
vis. ἔχει δὲ Kal πιττουργεῖα θαυμαστά. τοῦ ὃ 
y \ nN Vi € 1 iO 6 / 
οἴνου TO πλῆθος μηνύουσιν ov+ πίθοι" οἱ ξύλινοι 
\ 4 y 3 / , δὲ \ ig 
yap μείζους οἰκὼν εἰσί" “προσλαμβάνει € πολὺ 1) 
/ 
τῆς πίττης εὐπορία πρὸς τὸ εὐκώνητον. ἐρέαν δὲ 
τὴν μὲν μαλακὴν οἱ περὶ Μουτίνην τόποι καὶ τὸν 
Σκουλτάνναν ποταμὸν φέρουσι πολὺ πασῶν καλ- 
λίστην, τὴν δὲ τραχεῖαν ἡ Λιγυστικὴ καὶ ἡ τῶν 
΄ e / a / “ ’ 
Σύμβρων," ἐξ ἧς τὸ πλέον τῆς οἰκίας ὃ τῶν ᾽Ἴτα- 
fal \ 
λιωτῶν ἀμπέχεται, τὴν δὲ μέσην οἱ περὶ 11α- 
ταούιον, ἐξ ἧς οἱ τάπητες οἱ πολυτελεῖς καὶ 
nan ΠΥ an J 
γαύσαποι Kal TO τοιοῦτον εἶδος πᾶν, ἀμφίμαλλόν 
A pee: / \ \ / \ A 3 
TE καὶ ἑτερόμαλλον. TA δὲ μέταλλα νυνὶ μὲν οὐχ 
ς / a x / 
ὁμοίως ἐνταῦθα σπουδάζεται διὰ TO λυσιτελέστερα 
5 a a Χ n 
ἴσως εἶναι τὰ ἐν τοῖς ὑπεραλπίοις Κελτοῖς καὶ TH 
7 \ 
Ιηρίᾳ, πρότερον δὲ ἐσπουδάζετο, ἐπεὶ καὶ ἐν 
x 
Οὐερκέλλοις χρυσωρυχεῖον ἦν. κώμη δ᾽ ἐστὶ 
πλησίον ᾿Ικτουμούλων, καὶ ταύτης “ κώμης, ἄμφω 
δ᾽ εἰσὶ περὶ Πλακεντίαν. αὕτη μὲν δὴ ἡ πρώτη 
n / na 4 
μερὶς τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας μέχρι δεῦρο περιωδεύσθω. 


It. 


1. Δευτέρα δὲ λεγέσθω ἡ Λιγυστικὴ ἡ ἐν αὐτοῖς 
τοῖς ᾿Απεννίνοις ὄρεσι, μεταξὺ ἱδρυμένη τῆς νῦν 
λεχθείσης Κελτικῆς καὶ τῆς Τυρρηνίας, οὐδὲν 


1 of before πίθοι, Meineke inserts ; so Miiller-Diibner. 

2 On Σύμβρων, see footnote 2, p. 322. 

3 οἰκίας, the reading of all the MSS., Jones restores, for 
oixerelas, the reading of Kramer, Corais, and Meineke. 


332 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 1. 12-2. 1 


scarcity of every other grain. The country has 
wonderful pitch-works, also; and as for the wine, 
the quantity is indicated by the jars, for the wooden 
ones are larger than houses; and the good supply 
of the pitch helps much towards the excellent 
smearing the jars receive. As for wool, the soft 
kind is produced by the regions round Mutina and 
the River Scultenna (the finest wool of all); the 
coarse, by Liguria and the country of the Symbri, 
from which the greater part of the households of 
the Italiotes are clothed; and the medium, by the 
regions round Patavium, from which are made the 
expensive carpets and covers and everything of this 
kind that is woolly either on both sides or only on 
one. “ But as for the mines, at the present time 
they are not being worked here as seriously as 
before—perhaps on account of the fact that those 
in the country of the Transalpine Celti and in 
Iberia are more profitable!; formerly, however, they 
were seriously worked, for there was a gold mine at 
Vercelli too; Vercelli is a village near Ictumuli 
(this too a village), and both are near Placentia. So 
much, then, for my geographical description of the 
First Portion of Italy. 


II 


1. Ler us call the Second Portion that Liguria? 
which is in the Apennines themselves, situated 
between that Celtica which I have just described and 
Tyrrhenia. It contains nothing worthy of detailed 


ΤΟ], 4a Lid eG ep Ange oy δὶ 
2 Literally, ‘‘ Ligustica” (see 4. 6. 3, and 5. 1. 1). 


4 τῆς, after ταύτης, Corais omits ; so the later editors. 


$33 


C 219 


STRABO 


ἔχουσα περιηγήσεως ἄξιον, πλὴν ὅτι κωμηδὸν 
ζῶσι, τραχεῖαν γῆν ἀροῦντες καὶ σκάπτοντες, 
μᾶλλον δὲ λατομοῦντες, ὥς φησι Ποσειδώνιος. 
Τρίτοι. δ᾽ εἰσὶ συνεχεῖς τούτοις οἱ Τυρρηνοΐ, τὰ 
πεδία ἔ ἔχοντες τὰ μέχρι τοῦ ποταμοῦ τοῦ TeBépe- 
δος, κλυζόμενοι τὰ μὲν πρὸς ἕω μάλιστα μέρη τῷ 
ποταμῷ μέχρι τῆς ἐκβολῆς αὐτοῦ, κατὰ δὲ θάτερα 
τῷ Τυρρηνικῷ καὶ apo πελάγει. ῥεῖ δὲ ἐκ 
τῶν ᾿Απεννίνων ὁρῶν ὁ Τίβερις, πληροῦται δ᾽ ἐκ 
πολλῶν ποταμῶν, μέρος μέν τι OL αὐτῆς φερό- 
μενος τῆς Τυρρηνίας, τὸ δ᾽ ἐφεξῆς διορίζων ἀπ᾽ 
αὐτῆς πρῶτον μὲν τὴν Ὀμβρικήν, εἶτα τοὺς Σαβί- 
νους καὶ Λατίνους τοὺς πρὸς τῇ Ῥώμῃ μέχρι τῆς 
παραλίας. παραβέβληνται δέ πως τῷ ποταμῷ 
μὲν καὶ τοῖς Τυρρηνοῖς κατὰ πλάτος, ἀχλήλοις δὲ 
κατὰ μῆκος" ἀνέχουσι δὲ πρὸς τὰ ᾿Απέννινα ὄρη 
τὰ “πλησιάζοντα τῷ ᾿Αδρίᾳ πρῶτοι μὲν οἱ Ὄμῥβρι- 
κοί, μετὰ δὲ τούτους Σαβῖνοι, τελευταῖοι δ᾽ οἱ τὴν 
Λατίνην ἔ ἔχοντες, ἀρξάμενοι πάντες ἀπὸ τοῦ ποτα- 
μοῦ. ἡ μὲν οὖν τῶν Λατίνων χώρα μεταξὺ κεῖται 
τῆς τε ἀπὸ τῶν ᾿Ωστίων παῤαλίας μέχρι πόλεως 
Σινοέσσης καὶ τῆς Σαβίνης (τὰ δ᾽ ᾿Ὥστιά ἐστιν 
ἐπίνειον τῆς Ῥώμης, εἰς ὃ ἐκδίδωσιν ὁ Τίβερις 
map αὐτὴν puels), ἐκτείνεται δὲ ἐπὶ μῆκος μέχρι 
τῆς Καμπανίας καὶ τῶν Σαυνιτικῶν ὀρῶν" ἡ δὲ 
Σαβίνη μεταξὺ τῶν Λατίνων κεῖται καὶ τῶν 
᾿Ομβρικῶν, ἐκτείνεται δὲ καὶ αὐτὴ πρὸς τὰ Σαυ- 
νιτικὰ ὄρη, καὶ μᾶλλον συνάπτει τοῖς ᾿Απεννίνοις 
τοῖς κατὰ Οὐηστίνους τε καὶ ΠΠελίγνους καὶ 


1 Umbria. 


334 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 2. 1 


description except that the people live only in vil- 
lages, plowing and digging rough land, or rather, as 
Poseidonius says, quarrying stones. The Third Por- 
tion is contiguous to the Second—I mean the 
country of the Tyrrheni, who hold the plains that 
extend as far as the River Tiber and whose country 
is washed, on its eastern side (generally speaking), 
by the river as far as its mouth, and on the other 
side by the Tyrrhenian and Sardinian Sea. But the 
Tiber flows from the Apennine Mountains, and is 
fed by many rivers; for a part of its course it 
runs through Tyrrhenia itself, and in its course 
thereafter separates from Tyrrhenia, first, Ombrica,! 
then, the country of the Sabini and also that part of 
Latium which is near Rome and extends as far as 
the coastline. These three latter lie approximately 
parallel to the river and Tyrrhenia in their breadth 
and also to one another in their length; and they 
reach up to those parts of the Apennine Mountains 
which closely approach the Adriatic, in this order : 
first, Ombrica, then, after Ombrica, the country of 
the Sabini, and, last, Latium,—all of them beginning 
at the river. Now the country of the Latini lies 
between the coastline that stretches from Ostia as 
far as the city of Sinuessa and the country of the 
Sabini (Ostia is the port-town of the Roman navy— 
the port into which the Tiber, after flowing past 
Rome, empties), although it extends lengthwise as 
far as Campania and the mountains of the Samnitae. 
But the country of the Sabini lies between that of 
the Latini and that of the Ombrici, although it too 
extends to the mountains of the Samnitae, or rather 
it joins that part of the Apennines which is in 
the country of the Vestini, the Peligni, and the 


335 


STRABO 


Μαρσούς" οἱ δ᾽ ᾿Ομβρικοὶ μέσοι “μὲν κεῖνται τῆς 
τε Σαβίνης καὶ τῆς Τυρρηνίας, μέχρι δ᾽ ᾿Αριμίνου 
καὶ Ῥαουέννης προΐασιν * ὑπερβάλλοντες τὰ ὄρη. 
Τυρρηνοὶ δὲ παύονται ὑπ᾽ αὐτοῖς τοῖς ὄρεσι τοῖς 
περικλείουσιν ἐκ τῆς Λιγυστικῆς εἰς τὸν ᾿Αδρίαν, 
ἀπὸ τῆς οἰκείας ἀρξάμενοι θαλάττης καὶ τοῦ 
Τιβέριδος. τὰ καθ᾽ ἕκαστα δὲ διέξιμεν, ἀπ᾿ αὐτῶν 
τούτων ἀρξάμενοι. 

2, Οἱ Τυρρηνοὶ τοίνυν παρὰ τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις 
᾿“Ετροῦσκοι καὶ Τοῦσκοι προσαγορεύονται. οἱ δ᾽ 
“Ἕλληνες οὕτως ὠνόμασαν αὐτοὺς ἀπὸ τοῦ Τυρ- 
ρηνοῦ τοῦ “Atuos, ws φασι, τοῦ στείλαντος ἐκ 
Λυδίας ἐποίκους δεῦρο. ἐπὶ γὰρ λιμοῦ καὶ ἀφο- 
ρίας ὁ ἴΑτυς, εἷς τῶν ἀπογόνων Ἡρακλέους καὶ 
᾿Ομφάλης, δυεῖν παίδων ὄντων, κλήρῳ Λυδὸν μὲν 
κατέσχε, τῷ δὲ Τυρρηνῷ τὸν πλείω συστήσας 
λαὸν ἐξέστειλεν. ἐλθὼν δὲ τήν τε χώραν ἀφ᾽ 
ἑαυτοῦ Τυρρηνίαν ἐκάλεσε, καὶ δώδεκα fine 
ἔκτισεν, οἰκιστὴν ἐπιστήσας Tapxova, ἀφ᾽ 
Ταρκυνία ἡ πόλις, ὃν διὰ τὴν ἐκ παίδων Bees 
πολιὸν γεγεννῆσθαι μυθεύουσι. τότε μὲν οὖν ὑφ᾽ 
ἑνὲ ἡγεμόνι ταττόμενοι μέγα ἴσχυον, χρόνοις δ᾽ 
ὕστερον διαλυθῆναι τὸ σύστημα εἰκὸς καὶ κατὰ 
πόλεις διασπασθῆναι βίᾳ τῶν πλησιοχώρων εἴξαν- 
τας" οὐ γὰρ ἂν χώραν εὐδαίμονα ἀφέντες τῇ θαλάτ- 
Tn κατὰ λῃστείαν ἐπέθεντο, ἄλλοι πρὸς ἄλλα 
τραπόμενοι πελάγη, ἐπεί, ὅττου γε συμπνεύσαιεν, 


1 προΐασιν, Corais, for προσίασιν ; so the later editors. 


2 Op. ὅ.. 4. Ὁ. 
2 The Tyrrhenian Sea. 
3 The Greek spelling is ‘‘ Tarkunia.” 


336 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 2. 1-2 


Marsi.t_ And the country of the Ombrici lies between 
the country of the Sabini and Tyrrhenia, although it 
extends over the mountains as far as Ariminum and 
Ravenna. And Tyrrhenia, beginning at its proper 
sea? and the Tiber, ceases at the very foot of those 
mountains which enclose it from Liguria to the 
Adriatic. I shall treat the several parts, however, 
in detail, beginning with the Tyrrheni themselves. 
2. The Tyrrheni, then, are called among the 
Romans “ Etrusci’’ and “ Tusci.”” The Greeks, how- 
ever, so the story goes, named them thus after 
Tyrrhenus, the son of Atys, who sent forth colonists 
hither from Lydia: At a time of famine and dearth 
of crops, Atys, one of the descendants of Heracles 
and Omphale, having only two children, by a casting 
of lots detained one of them, Lydus, and, assembling 
the greater part of the people with the other, Tyr- 
rhenus, sent them forth. And when Tyrrhenus 
came, he not only called the country Tyrrhenia after 
himself, but also put Tarco in charge as “ coloniser,” 
and founded twelve cities; Tarco, I say, after whom 
the city of Tarquinia® is named, who, on account of 
his sagacity from boyhood, is said by the myth- 
tellers to have been born with grey hair. Now at 
first the Tyrrheni, since they were subject to the 
orders of only one ruler, were very strong, but in 
later times, it is reasonable to suppose, their united 
government was dissolved, and the Tyrrheni, yield- | 
ing to the violence of their neighbours, were 
broken up into separate cities; for otherwise they 
would not have given up a happy land and taken 
to the sea as pirates, different bands turning to 
different parts of the high seas; indeed, in all 
cases where they acted in concert, they were able, 


337 
VOL. IL. Z 


Ο 220 


STRABO 


ἱκανοὶ ἦσαν οὐκ ἀμύνασθαι μόνον τοὺς ἐπιχειροῦν- 
τας avtois,* ἀλλὰ καὶ ἀντεπιχειρεῖν καὶ μακρὰς 
στρατείας ποιεῖσθαι. μετὰ δὲ τὴν τῆς Ῥώμης 
κτίσιν Δημάρατος ἀφικνεῖται, λαὸν ἄγων ἐκ Κορίν- 
θου, καὶ δεξαμένων αὐτὸν Ταρκυνιτῶν γεννᾷ 
Λουκούμωνα ἐξ ἐπιχωρίας γυναικός. γενόμενος 
δὲ “Ayko Μαρκίῳ," τῷ βασιλεῖ τῶν “Ρωμαίων, 
φίλος ἐβασίλευσεν οὗτος, καὶ “μετωνομάσθη Λεύ- 
KLOS Ταρκύνιος Πρίσκος, ἐκόσμησε δ᾽ οὖν τὴν 
Τυρρηνίαν καὶ αὐτὸς καὶ ὁ πατὴρ πρότερον, ὁ 
μὲν εὐπορίᾳ δημιουργῶν τῶν συνακολουθησάντων 
οἴκοθεν, ὁ ο δὲ ταῖς ἐκ τῆς Ρώμης ἀφορμαῖς. “λέγε- 
ται δὲ καὶ ὁ θριαμβικὸς κόσμος καὶ ὑπατικὸς καὶ 
ἁπλῶς ὁ τῶν ἀρχόντων ἐκ Ταρκυνίων. δεῦρο μετε- 
νεχθῆναι καὶ ῥάβδοι καὶ πελέκεις καὶ σάλπιγγες 
καὶ ἱεροποιίαι καὶ μαντικὴ καὶ μουσικὴ ὅσῃ δημο- 
σίᾳ χρῶνται Ῥωμαῖοι. τούτου δ᾽ υἱὸς ἣν ὁ δεύτε- 
ρος Ταρκύνιος, ὁ Σούπερβος, ὅσπερ καὶ τελευταῖος 
βασιλεύσας ἐξέπεσε. ΠῸορσίνας δ᾽, ὁ τῶν Κλου- 
σίνων βασιλεύς, πόλεως Τυρρηνίδος, , κατάγειν 
αὐτὸν ἐπιχειρήσας δι᾿ ὅπλων, οὐχ οἷός τε ἣν, 
καταλυσάμενος τὴν ἔχθραν ἀπῆλθε φίλος μετὰ 
τιμῆς καὶ δωρεῶν μεγάλων. 

3. Περὶ μὲν τῆς ἐπιφανείας τῶν Τυρρηνῶν ταῦτα 
καὶ ἔτι τὰ τοῖς Καιρετανοῖς πραχθέντα᾽ καὶ γὰρ 
τοὺς ἑλόντας τὴν Ρώμην ᾿αλάτας κατεπολέμησαν, 


1 αὐτοῖς, Xylander, for αὐτούς ; so the later editors. 
* Μαρκίῳ, Corais, for Μάρκῳ; so the later editors, 


1 Demaratus became the ruler of the city (8. 6. 20). 
* In the legendary history of Rome, Lucumo was made 
king by the Senate and people in 615 B.c, 


338 


GEOGRAPHY, «. 2. 2-3 


not only to defend themselves against those who 
attacked them, but also to attack in turn and to 
make long expeditions. But it was after the found- 
ing of Rome that Demaratus arrived, bringing with 
him a host of people from Corinth; and, since he 
was received by the Tarquinians,t he married a 
native woman, by whom he begot Lucumo. And 
since Lucumo had proved a friend to Ancus Marcius, 
the king of the Romans, he was made king,? and 
his name was changed to Lucius Tarquinius Priscus. 
Be that as it may, he too adorned Tyrrhenia, as his 
father had done before him—the father by means of 
the goodly supply of artisans who had accompanied 
him from home and the son by means of the 
resources supplied by Rome. It is further said that 
the triumphal, and consular, adornment, and, in a 
word, that of all the rulers, was transferred to Rome 
from Tarquinii,® as also fasces, axes, trumpets, sacri- 
ficial rites, divination, and all music publicly used 
by the Romans. This Tarquinius was the father of 
the second Tarquinius, the ‘‘Superbus,” who was 
the last of the kings and was banished.* Porsinas, 
the king of Clusium,® a Tyrrhenian city, undertook 
to restore him to the throne by force of arms, but 
was unable to do so, although he broke up the 
personal enmity against himself and departed as 
friend, along with honour and large gifts. 

3. Thus much for the lustre of the Tyrrheni. And 
still to be recorded are the achievements of the 
Caeretani:® they defeated in war those Galatae who 


3 The same as ‘‘ Tarquinia,” 5. 2. 2. 

4 509 B.c. 5 Now Chiusi. 

6 Their city was Caere, one of the twelve founded by 
Tyrrhenus. 


339 


STRABO 


ἀπιοῦσιν ἐπιθέμενοι κατὰ Σαβίνους, καὶ ἃ παρ᾽ 
ἑκόντων ἔλαβον Ρωμαίων ἐκεῖνοι λάφυρα ἄκοντας 
ἀφείλοντο' πρὸς δὲ τούτοις τοὺς καταφυγόντας 
Tap αὐτοὺς ἐκ τῆς Ρώμης ἔσωσαν καὶ τὸ ἀθάνα- 
τον πῦρ καὶ τὰς τῆς “Ἑστίας ἱερείας. οἱ μὲν οὖν 
Ῥωμαῖοι διὰ τοὺς τότε φαύλως διοικοῦντας τὴν 
πόλιν οὐχ ἱκανῶς ἀπομνημονεῦσαι τὴν χάριν αὐ- 
τοῖς δοκοῦσι' πολιτείαν γὰρ δόντες οὐκ ἀνέγρα- 
ψαν εἰς τοὺς πολίτας, ἀλλὰ καὶ τοὺς ἄλλους τοὺς 
μὴ μετέχοντας τῆς ἰσονομίας εἰς τὰς δέλτους ἐξώ- 
ριζον τὰς Καιρετανῶν. παρὰ δὲ τοῖς “Ἑλλησιν 
εὐδοκίμησεν ἡ πόλις αὕτη διά τε ἀνδρείαν καὶ 
δικαιοσύνην' τῶν τε γὰρ λῃστηρίων ἀπέσχετο, 
καίπερ δυναμένη πλεῖστον, καὶ ἸΤυθοῖ τὸν ᾿Αγυλ- 
λαίων καλούμενον ἀνέθηκε θησαυρόν. Αγυλλα 
yap ὠνομάζετο τὸ πρότερον ἡ νῦν ΚΚαιρέα, καὶ 
λέγεται Πελασγῶν κτίσμα τῶν ἐκ Θετταλίας ἀφιγ- 
μένων: τῶν δὲ Λυδῶν οἵπερ Τυρρηνοὶ μετωνο- 
μάσθησαν, ἐπιστρατευσάντων τοῖς ᾿Αγυλλαίοις, 
προσιὼν τῷ τείχει τις ἐπυνθάνετο τοὔνομα τῆς 
πόλεως, τῶν δ᾽ ἀπὸ τοῦ τείχους Θετταλῶν τινος 
ἀντὶ τοῦ ἀποκρίνασθαι προσαγορεύσαντος αὐτὸν 
χαῖρε, δεξάμενοι τὸν οἰωνὸν οἱ Τυρρηνοὶ τοῦτον 
ἁλοῦσαν τὴν πόλιν μετωνόμασαν. ἡ δὲ οὕτω 
λαμπρὰ καὶ ἐπιφανὴς πόλις νῦν ἴχνη σώζει μόνον, 


1 390 B.c. 

* That is, the right of suffrage, tws suffragit. 

3. Roman citizens themselves, when disfranchised by the 
censor, were enrolled in the Tabulae Caeritum, and hence the 
odium. 4 Delphi. | 28 “See Uicoas: 


340 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 2. 3 


had captured Rome,! having attacked them when 
they were in the country of the Sabini on their way 
back, and also took away as booty from the Galatae, 
against their will, what the Romans had willingly 
given them; in addition to this, they saved all who 
fled to them for refuge from Rome, and the immortal 
fire, and the priestesses of Vesta. The Romans, it is 
true, on account of the bad managers which the city 
had at the time, do not seem to have remembered 
the favour of the Caeretani with sufficient gratitude, 
for, although they gave them the right of citizenship, 
they did not enroll them among the citizens, and 
even used to relegate all others who had no share ine 
the equal right 3 to “the Tablets of the Caeretani.” 3) 
Among the Greeks, however, this city was in good 
repute both for bravery and. for righteousness ; for 
it not only abstained from all piracy, although 
particularly well fitted therefor, but also set up 
at Pytho* what is called ‘“‘the treasury® of the 
Agyllaei”; for what is now Caerea® was formerly 
called Agylla, and is said to have been founded by 
Pelasgi who had come from Thessaly. But when 
those Lydians whose name was changed to Tyrrheni 
marched against the Agyllaei, one of them approached 
the wall and inquired what the name of the city was, 
and when one of the Thessalians on the wall, instead 
of replying to the inquiry, saluted him with a 
“ Chaere,;” 7 the Tyrrheni accepted the omen, and, on 
capturing the city, changed its name accordingly. 
But the city, once so splendid and illustrious, now 
preserves mere traces of its former self; and the hot 
springs near by, which are called Caeretanian 


ὁ The proper Latin spelling was ‘‘ Caere.”’ 
1 The regular Greek word of salutation. 
341 


Ο 221 


STRABO 


εὐανδρεῖ δ᾽ αὐτῆς μᾶλλον τὰ πλησίον θερμά, a 
καλοῦσι Καιρετανά, διὰ τοὺς φοιτῶντας θεραπείας 
άριν. 

4, Τοὺς δὲ Πελασγούς, ὁ ὅτι μὲν ἀρχαῖόν τι φῦλον 
κατὰ τὴν. “Ελλάδα πᾶσαν ἐπεπόλασε! καὶ μάλι- 
στα παρὰ τοῖς Αἰολεῦσι τοῖς κατὰ Θετταλίαν, 
ὁμολογοῦσιν ἅπαντες σχεδόν Tl. νομίζειν δέ φη- 
σιν Ἔφορος τὸ ἀνέκαθεν ᾿Αρκάδας ὄντας ἑλέσθαι 
στρατιωτικὸν βίον, εἰς δὲ τὴν αὐτὴν ἀγωγὴν προ- 
τρέποντας πολλοὺς ἅπασι τοῦ ὀνόματος μεταδοῦ- 
ναι καὶ πολλὴν ἐπιφάνειαν, κτήσασθαι καὶ παρὰ 

»τοῖς ἵΒλλησι καὶ παρὰ τοῖς ἄλλοις, παρ᾽ ὅσους 
ποτὲ ἀφιγμένοι τετυχήκασι. καὶ γὰρ τῆς Κρήτης 
ἔποικοι γεγόνασιν, ὥς φησιν᾽ Ὅμηρος" λέγει γοῦν 
Ὀδυσσεὺς πρὸς Πηνελόπην" 


ἄλλη δ᾽ ἄλλων γλῶσσα μεμιγμένη: ἐν μὲν 
᾿Αχαιοί, 

ἐν δ᾽ ᾿τεόκρητες μεγαλήτορες, ἐν δὲ Κύδωνες, 

Δωριέες τε τριχάϊκες, δῖοί τε Πελασγοί. 


(Od. 19. 175) 


καὶ τὸ Πελασγικὸν Apyos ἡ Θετταλία λέγεται, TO 
μεταξὺ τῶν ἐκβολῶν τοῦ [Πηνειοῦ καὶ τῶν Θερμο- 
πυλῶν ἕως τῆς ὀρεινῆς τῆς κατὰ Πίνδον, διὰ τὸ 
ἐπάρξαι τῶν τόπων τούτων τοὺς Πελασγούς. τόν 
τε Δία τὸν Δωδωναῖον αὐτὸς ὁ ποιητὴς ὀνομάζει 
Πελασγικόν" 


Ζεῦ ἄνα, Δωδωναῖε, ΠΠελασγικέ. 


(ZI. 16. 233) 
πολλοὶ δὲ καὶ τὰ ᾿Ηπειρωτικὰ ἔθνη Πελασγικὰ 
342 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 2. 3-4 
Springs,! have a greater population than it has 
—because of those who visit the Springs for the 
cure.? 

4. As for the Pelasgi, almost all agree, in the first 
place, that some ancient tribe of that name spread 
throughout the whole of Greece, and particularly 
among the Aeolians of Thessaly. Again, Ephorus 
says that he is of the opinion that, since they were 
originally Arcadians, they chose a military life, and 
that, in converting many peoples to the same mode 
of life, they imparted their name to all, and thus 
acquired great glory, not only among the Greeks, but 
also among all other peoples whithersoever they had 
chanced 8 to come. For example, they prove to have 
been colonisers of Crete, as Homer says; at any rate, 
Odysseus says to Penelope: “ But one tongue with 
others is mixed; there* dwell Achaeans, there 
Cretans of the old stock, proud of heart, there 
Cydonians, and Dorians too, of waving plumes, and 
goodly Pelasgians.’”” And Thessaly is called “the 
Pelasgian Argos” (I mean that part of it which lies 
between the outlets of the Peneius River and 
Thermopylae as far as the mountainous country of 
Pindus), on account of the fact that the Pelasgi 
extended their rule over these regions. Further, the 
Dodonaean Zeus is by the poet himself named 
“ Pelasgian”’: “O Lord Zeus, Dodonaean, Pelasgian.”’ 
And many have called also the tribes of Epirus 


1 Now, apparently, Bagni del Sasso. a Ορ- δ: 2: 9»; 
8. Cp. ““ Pelargi,”’ p. 847. 4 Crete. 


1 For ἐπεπόλασε, Meineke, following E (which also reads 
Πελασγοί, φῦλον ἀρχαῖον καὶ κατὰ Thy Ἑλλάδα πᾶσαν), reads 
ἐπιπολάσαν. 


343 


STRABO 


εἰρήκασιν, ὡς καὶ μέχρι δεῦρο ἐπαρξάντων' Teka 
σγούς τε πολλοὺς καὶ τῶν ἡρώων ὀνόματα * καλέ- 
σαντες, οἱ ὕστερον ἀπ᾽ ἐκείνων πολλὰ τῶν ἐθνῶν 
ἐπώνυμα πεποιήκασι" καὶ γὰρ τὴν Λέσβον 1]ελα- 
σγίαν εἰρήκασι, καὶ τοῖς ἐν τῇ Τρωάδι Κώλιξιν 
Ὅμηρος εἴρηκε τοὺς ὁμόρους Πελασγούς" 


Ἱππόθοος δ᾽ ἄγε φῦλα Πελασγῶν ἐγχεσιμώρων, 
τῶν, οἱ Λάρισαν ἐριβώλακα ναιετάασκον. 


(Ji. 2. 840) 
τῷ δ᾽ ’Edopw τοῦ ἐξ ᾿Αρκαδίας εἶναι TO φῦλον 
τοῦτο ἦρξεν Ἡσίοδος. φησὶ yap' 

can 3 / 4 2 VA 
υἱεῖς ἐξεγένοντο Λυκάονος ἀντιθέοιο, 


ὅν ποτε τίκτε Ἰ]ελασγός. 
(Joc. incert.) 


Αἰσχύλος δ᾽ ἐκ τοῦ περὶ Μυκήνας᾽ ᾿Άργους φησὶν 
ἐν ᾿Ικέτισιν ἢ" Δαναΐσι τὸ γένος αὐτῶν. καὶ τὴν 
Πελοπόννησον δὲ Πελασγίαν φησὶν "Edopos κλή- 
θῆναι, καὶ Evpiridns δ᾽ ἐν ᾿Αρχελάῳ φησὶν ὅτι 

Δαναὸς ὁ πεντήκοντα θυγατέρων πωτήρ 

ἐλθὼν ἐς "Apyos ὠκησ᾽ * ᾿Ινάχου πόλιν, 

1 For ὀνόματα, Groskurd reads ὀνομαστί; Meineke, ὄνομα. 

2 τοῦ, Corais, following no, for τό (ABJ), τῷ (C2); so the 
later editors. 

3 For #, Meineke reads καί." 

4 The reading of the MSS. is @xnow (Miiller-Diibner, Jnd. 
Var. Lect.). All the editors since Xylander, except Corais 
and Du Theil (who read ᾧκησεν), read @xio’. Jones reads 
ᾧκησ᾽. 

1 Hippothous was the son of ‘*‘ Lethus Pelasgus” (Zliad 
2. 843, and 17. 288). In 13. 3. 2 Strabo takes Homer, in the 
passage above quoted, to mean Larisa Phryconis, the ‘‘ Larisa 


near Cyme,” which latter is now Lamurtkeui. On ‘‘ Larisa 
Phryconis,” see 9. 5, 19. 


344 


GEOGRAPHY, «. 2. 4 


“ Pelasgian,’ because in their opinion the Pelasgi 
extended their rule even as far as that. And, 
further, because many of the heroes were called 
“ Pelasgi”’ by name, the people of later times have, 
from those heroes, applied the name to many of the 
tribes; for example, they have called the island of 
Lesbos “ Pelasgia,” and Homer has called “ Pelasgi” 
the people that were neighbours to those Cilicians 
who lived in the Troad: “And Hippothous led 
the tribes of spear-fighting Pelasgi, those Pelasgi 
who inhabited deep-soiled Larissa.”’+ But Ephorus’ 
authority for the statement that this race originated 
in Arcadia was Hesiod; for Hesiod says: “ And sons 
were born of god-like Lycaon, who, on a time, was 
begotten by Pelasgus.” Again, Aeschylus, in his 
Suppliants,? or else his Danaan Women,’ says that the 
race of the Pelasgi originated in that Argos which is 
round about Mycenae.* And the Peloponnesus too, 
according to Ephorus, was called “ Pelasgia,”’® And 
Euripides too, in his Archelaus,® says: ‘ Danaus, the 
father of fifty daughters, on coming into Argos,’ 
took up his abode in the city of Inachus,? and 

2 Hiketides 16 ff. and 250 ff. 

3 The Danaan Women (Danaides) is no longer extant. 

4 That is, the district of Argos, in which Mycenae as well as 
the city of Argos were situated (see 8. 6. 5-10). 

5 The Peloponnesus was called ‘‘ Argos” as well as 
‘‘Pelasgia” (8. 6. 5). 

6 The Archelaus is no longer extant. 

7 Again the district of Argos, elsewhere (8. 6. 8) called 
“* Argeia.” 

8 The ‘‘city of Inachus”—so called from Inachus, the first 
king of Argos—was the city of Argos. Bya slight change in 
the Greek most of the editors (see note 4 on opposite page) 
emend ‘‘ took up his abode in ” to ‘‘ founded,” presumably on 
the ground that Strabo later says-‘‘ Danaus founded the 
acropolis” (Argos) ‘‘of the Argives” (8. 6, 9). 

345 


bo 
bo 


STRABO 


Πελασγιώτας δ᾽ ὠνομασμένους τὸ πρὶν 
Δαναοὺς καλεῖσθαι νόμον ἔθηκ᾽ ἀν᾽ “Ελλάδα. 


(fr, 228, Nauck) 


3 / \ 
Αντικλείδης δὲ πρώτους φησὶν αὐτοὺς τὰ περὶ 
Δῇ \ "T / \ ὃ} / \ 
huvov καὶ Ἴμβρον κτίσαι, καὶ δὴ τούτων τινὰς 
\ Ἄ A > \ 3 , n 
καὶ μετὰ Tuppynvod”Atvos ets τὴν ᾿Ιταλίαν συνῶ- 
Ν ς \ 7 ἴω 
pat. καὶ οἱ τὴν ᾿Ατθίδα συγγράψαντες ἱστοροῦσι 
\ A A ( Ve ta J 
περὶ τῶν Πελασγῶν, ὡς καὶ ᾿Αθήνησι γενομένων 
a Il r an 1 ὃ \ δὲ \ Vd a \ 
τῶν {ϊελασγων, Ola C€ TO πλανήτας εἰναι καὶ 
᾿ς ᾽ / 5 na 8.3 ἃ 7 , 
δίκην ὀρνέων ἐπιφοιτῶν ἐφ᾽ ods ἔτυχε τόπους Lle- 
\ ἴω 5 an lal 
λαργοὺς ὑπὸ τῶν ᾿Αττικῶν κληθῆναι. 
“ fol ,7 a \ / 53 le 
5. Τῆς δὲ Τυρρηνίας μῆκος μὲν τὸ μέγιστον εἶναί 
\ Id \ / 3 ἕω 
φασι τὴν παραλίαν ἀπὸ Λούνης μέχρι ᾿Ὡστίων 
/ / 7 
δισχιλίων που καὶ πεντακοσίων σταδίων, πλάτος 
\ a a 
δὲ τοῦ ἡμίσους ἔλαττον TO πρὸς τοῖς ὄρεσιν. εἰς 
> / A 
μὲν οὖν Ilicas ἀπὸ Λούνης πλείους τῶν τετρακο- 
’ ’, > / > ἴω 3 > > yf 
σίων σταδίων εἰσίν, ἐντεῦθεν δ᾽ εἰς Οὐολατέρρας 
᾽ / 3 , 
διακόσιοι ὀγδοήκοντα, πάλιν δ᾽ ἐνθένδε ets Ποπλώ- 
, ig ΄ 3 δ , Σ 
νιον διπκόσιοι ἑβδομήκοντα, ἐκ δὲ Ποπλωνίου εἰς 
/ / if 
Kocav ἐγγὺς ὀκτακόσιοι, οἱ δὲ ἑξακόσιοί φασι. 
᾽ ’ 
Πολύβιος δ᾽ οὐκ 3 εἶναι τοὺς πάντας χιλίους τρια- 


1 Meineke relegates the second τῶν Πελασγῶν to the foot 
of the page, perhaps rightly. 

2 Kramer inserts εὖ after οὐκ; so Miiller-Diibner. Meineke 
emends εἶναι to ed καί, perhaps rightly. 


1 Androtion, Philochorus, and others; only fragments of 
their works remain. 

2 ἐς Atthis” was the old name of Attica, from Atthis, the 
daughter of the mythical king Cranaus (Cp. 9. 1. 18). 

5 Cp. 9. 1. 18 and. 9. 2. 3. ΤῊ 


346 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 2 4-5 


throughout Greece he laid down a law that all 
people hitherto named Pelasgians were to be called 
Danaans.” And again, Anticleides says that they 
were the first to settle the regions round about 
Lemnos and Imbros, and indeed that some of these 
sailed away to Italy with Tyrrhenus the son of Atys. 
And the compilers! of the histories of The Land of 
Aithis? give accounts of the Pelasgi, believing that 
the Pelasgi were in fact at Athens too,’ although the 
Pelasgi were by the Attic people called “ Pelargi,” 4 
the compilers add, because they were wanderers and, 
like birds, resorted to those places whither chance 
led them.° 

5. They say that the maximum length of Tyr- 
rhenia—the coastline from Luna as far as Ostia—is 
about two thousand five hundred stadia, and its 
breadth (I mean its breadth near the mountains °) 
less than half its length. Now from Luna to Pisa 
the distance is more than four hundred stadia; and 
thence to Volaterrae, two hundred and eighty; and 
again, from here to Poplonium, two hundred and 
seventy ; and from Poplonium to Cosa,’ nearly eight 
hundred, though some say six hundred. Polybius, 
however, says the total number of stadia® is not so 


4 Literally, ‘‘Storks.” 

5 Cp. 9. 1. 18, where Strabo refers to the Pelasgi as having 
** sojourned’”’ at Athens. 

6 “Near the mountains” is very indefinite, but in ὃ 9 
following Strabo applies the same phrase to the city of 
Arretium, adding that this city ‘‘is farthest of all in the 
interior.” In the present passage, therefore, he clearly means 
that the line of greatest breadth runs to the Apennines near 
Arretium—which is correct. 

? Often called ‘‘Cossa” ; so in § 8 following. 

8 From Luna to Cosa, 


347 


STRABO 


κοσίους τριάκοντα “λέγει. τούτων δ᾽ ἡ μὲν Λούνα 
πόλις ἐστὶ καὶ “λιμήν, καλοῦσι δ᾽ οἱ ἐ “Ἕλληνες Σελή- 
νῆς λιμένα καὶ πόλιν. ἡ μὲν οὖν πόλις οὐ μεγάλη, 
ὁ δὲ "λιμὴν μέγιστός τε καὶ κάλλιστος, ἐν αὑτῷ 
περιέχων πλείους λιμένας, ἀγχιβαθεῖς πάντας, 
οἷον ἂν γένοιτο ὁρμητήριον θαλαττοκρατησάντων 
ἀνθρώπων τοσαύτης μὲν θαλάττης, τοσοῦτον δὲ 
χρόνον. “περικλείεται δ᾽ ὁ λιμὴν ὄρεσιν ὑψηλοῖς, 
ap ὡν τὰ πελάγη κατοπτεύεται καὶ ἡ Σαρδὼ καὶ 
τῆς ἠιόνος ἑκατέρωθεν πολὺ μέρος. μέταχλα δὲ 
λίθου λευκοῦ τε καὶ ποικίλου γλαυκίζοντος το- 
σαῦτά T ἐστὶ καὶ τηλικαῦτα, μονολίθους ἐκδι- 
δόντα πλάκας καὶ στύλους, ὥστε τὰ πλεῖστα τῶν 
ἐκπρεπῶν ἔργων τῶν ἐν τῇ “Ῥώμῃ καὶ ταῖς ἄλλαις 
πόλεσιν ἐντεῦθεν ἔχειν τὴν χορηγίαν" καὶ γὰρ 
εὐεξάγωγός ἐστιν ἡ λίθος, τῶν μετάλλων ὑ ὑπερκει- 
μένων τῆς θαλάττης πλησίον, ἐκ δὲ τῆς θαλάττης 


1 Strabo postpones his estimates of the remaining distances 
(Cosa—Gravisci-Purgi—Ostia), totalling (about) 740 stadia, to 
§ 8 following. Following Groskurd, Meineke unwarrantedly 
indicates a lacuna in the text immediately after ‘‘some say 
six hundred,” thinking Strabo must have added at that point 
the distance from Cosa to Ostia. Thus he makes the figures 
of Polybius (whose original statement, unfortunately, is now 
lost) apply to the entire distance from Luna to Ostia. But 
by measurement on Kiepert’s wall-map of Ancient Italy, 1330 
stadia proves to be a very close estimate for the distance, 
along the coastal-roads from Luna to Cosa. 

* That is, ‘‘ Harbour of the Moon” (‘‘ Moon-Harbour”). 
Cp. ‘Harbour of Menestheus” (3. 1. 9) and ‘‘ Harbour of 
Monoecus” (4. 6. 3), each phrase meaning the city as well 
as the harbour. The Gulf of Spezia (its dimensions are 
seven miles by three) is one of the finest harbours in the 
world. It is the chief station of the Italian navy, and has 
at its head a dockyard and arsenal. 


348 


ad 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 2.5 


much as one thousand three hundred and _thirty.1 
Of these, take first Luna; it is a city and also 
a harbour, and the Greeks call the city as well 
as the harbour “Harbour of Selene.” 2 The city, 
indeed, is not large, but the harbour is both very 
large and very beautiful, since it includes within 
itself several harbours, all of them deep up to the 
very shore,—just such a place as would naturally 
become the naval base of a people who were masters 
of so great a sea for so long a time. And the 
harbour is shut in all round by high mountains, 
from which the high seas are to be seen, as also 
Sardo,® and a considerable stretch of the shore on 
either side. And the quarries of marble,* both white 
and mottled bluish-grey marble, are so numerous, and 
of such quality (for they. yield monolithic slabs and 
columns), that the material for most of the superior 
works of art® in Rome and the rest of the cities are 
supplied therefrom ;® and, indeed, the marble is easy 
to export, since the quarries lie above the sea and 


3 Sardinia. Tozer (Selections, p. 144) thinks Strabo must 
have meant Corsica, since Sardinia is 180 miles distant. 

4 Now the quarries of Carrara. 

5 For specific references to Roman ‘‘ works of art” in 
stone, see 5. 3. 8. 

ὁ For a full discussion of stones of all kinds, and their 
uses at Rome and elsewhere, see the Natural History of 
Pliny, Book XXXVI. See also W. G. Renwick’s Marble 
and Marble Working (1909), pp. 20 ff. and 69 ff. Dr. J.S. 
Flett (Encyc. Brit., s.v. ‘‘Marble’’) says: ‘‘Stone from this 
district was employed in Rome for architectural purposes in 
the time of Augustus, but the finer varieties, adapted to the 
needs of the sculptor, were not discovered until some time 
later.” The best works of Michelangelo and Canova were 
executed in Carrara marble ; and the best sculptors of to-day 
prefer to use this particular marble, 


349 


STRABO 


διαδεχομένου τοῦ Τιβέριος τὴν κομιδήν" Kal τὴν 
ξυλείαν. τὴν εἰς τὰς οἰκοδομὰς σελμάτων εὐθυτά- 
των καὶ εὐμηκεστάτων ἡ Τυρρηνία χορηγεῖ τὴν 
πλείστην, τῷ ποταμῷ κατάγουσα ἐκ τῶν ὀρῶν 
εὐθύς. μεταξὺ δὲ Λούνης καὶ tons ὁ Μάκρας 1 

ἐστί, ᾧ πέρατι τῆς Τυρρηνίας καὶ τῆς Auyvore 


“ 
/ 


κῆς κέχρηνται τῶν συγγραφέων πολλοί. ἡ δὲ 
Πίσα κτίσμα μέν ἐστι τῶν ἐν Πελοποννήσῳ Ilica- 
τῶν, οἱ μετὰ Νέστορος ἐπὶ "INov στρατεύσαντες 
κατὰ τὸν ἀνάπλουν 3 ἐπλανήθησαν, οἱ μὲν εἰς τὸ 
Μεταπόντιον, οἱ δ᾽ εἰς τὴν Πισᾶτιν, ἅπαντες 
Πύλιοι καλούμενοι. δυεῖν δὲ ποταμῶν κεῖται με- 
ταξὺ κατ᾽ αὐτὴν τὴν συμβολήν, "Αρνου τε καὶ 
Αὔσαρος," ὧν ὁ μὲν ἐξ ᾿Αρρητίου φέρεται πολύς, 
οὐχὶ πᾶς, ἀλλὰ τριχῆ σχισθείς, ὁ δ᾽ ἐκ τῶν 
᾿Απεννίνων ὀρῶν' συμπεσόντες δ᾽ εἰς ἕν ῥεῖθρον 
μετεωρίζουσιν ἀλλήλους ταῖς ἀντικοπαῖς ἐπὶ το- 
σοῦτον ὥστε τοὺς ἐπὶ τῶν ἠιόνων ἑστῶτας ἀμφο- 
τέρων μηδ᾽ ἕτερον ὑπὸ θατέρου καθορᾶσθαι, ὥστ᾽ 
ἀνάγκη δυσανάπλωτα ἐκ θαλάττης εἶναι" στάδιοι 
δ᾽ εἰσὶ τοῦ ἀνάπλου περὶ εἴκοσι. μυθεύουσι δ᾽, 
ὅτε πρῶτον ἐκ τῶν ὀρῶν οἱ ποταμοὶ κατεφέροντο 
οὗτοι, κωλυομένους ὑπὸ τῶν ἐπιχωρίων, μὴ συμπε- 


1 Μάκρας, Kramer, for Μάκρης, (cp. Δουρίας, 4. 6. 5); so the 
laber editors. 
2 χωρίον, after ἐστί, C. Miiller deletes (see Ind. Var. Lect, 
p. 969). 
8. dv, after ἀνάπλουν, Xylander deletes; so the later editors. 
Ὁ Αὔσαρος, Cluver, ‘for Αἴσαρος ; 80 most of the editors, 
including Meineke. 


1 Since the old city of Luna (now in ruins) was some five 
miles south of the Macra, and still farther south of the 


350 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 2. 5 


near it, and since the Tiber in its turn takes up the 
cargo from the sea and conveys it to Rome. And 
the wooden material for the buildings, in beams that 
are very straight and very long, is for the most part 
supplied by Tyrrhenia, since by means of the river 
it can be brought down directly from the mountains. 
Now between Luna! and Pisa is the Macras,? which 
many of the historians have used as the boundary 
between Tyrrhenia and Liguria. As for Pisa, it 
was founded by those Pisatae who lived in the 
Peloponnesus, who made the expedition to [lium 
with Nestor and on the return voyage went astray, 
some to Metapontium, and others to the territory 
of Pisa, though all of them were called Pylians. 
Pisa is situated between, and at the very confluence 
of, two rivers, the Arnus and the Ausar, of which 
the former runs from Arretium, with great quantities 
of water (not all in one stream, but divided into 
three streams), and the latter from the Apennine 
Mountains; and when they unite and form one 
stream they heave one another up so high by their 
mutual resistance that two persons standing on the 
opposite banks cannot even see each other; and 
hence, necessarily, voyages inland from the sea are 
difficult to make; the length of the voyage is about 
twenty stadia. And the following fable is told: 
when these rivers first began to flow down from the 
mountains, and their course was being hindered by 
the natives for fear that they would unite in one 


harbour, Strabo must either have meant the harbour, not 
the city, of Luna, or else have thought the city was situated 
on the harbour. 

2 The River Macra. 

8 So Pliny, 3. 7 and 3. 8; Livy, 39. 32, 40. 41; Florus, 
2. 3. 4. 


351 


Ο 228 


STRABO 


σόντες els ἕν κατακλύζοιεν THY χώραν, ὑποσχέσθαι 
μὴ κατακλύσειν καὶ φυλάξαι τὴν πίστιν. δοκεῖ 
δ᾽ ἡ πόλις εὐτυχῆσαί ποτε, καὶ νῦν οὐκ ἀδοξεῖ διά 
τε εὐκαρπίαν καὶ τὰ λιθουργεῖα καὶ τὴν ὕλην τὴν 
ναυπηγήσιμον, ἣ τὸ μὲν παλαιὸν ἐχρῶντο πρὸς 
τοὺς κατὰ θάλατταν κινδύνους" καὶ γὰρ μαχιμώ- 
τεροι Τυρρηνῶιχὑπῆρξαν, καὶ παρώξυναν αὐτοὺς οἱ 
Λίγυες, πονηροὶ γείτονες παρὰ πλευρὰν, ὄντες". 
νῦν δὲ τὸ πλέον εἰς τὰς οἰκοδομὰς ἀναλίσκεται 


τὰς ἐν Ρώμῃ, κἀν ταῖς ἐπαύλεσι, βασίλεια κατα- 


σκευαζομένων Ἰ]ερσικά. 

6. Τῶν δὲ Οὐολατερρανῶν ἡ ὴ μὲν χώρα κλύξεται. 
τῇ θαλάττῃ, τὸ δὲ κτίσμα ἐν φάραγγι βαθείᾳ' 
λόφος ἐστὶν ὑψηλὸς περίκρημνος, πάντη, τὴν KO- 
ρυφὴν ἐπίπεδος, ἐφ᾽ ἣ ἵδρυται τὸ τεῖχος τῆς πόλεως. 
ἡ δ᾽ ἐπ᾽ αὐτὴν ἀνάβασις πεντεκαίδεκα σταδίων 
ἐστὶν ἀπὸ τῆς βάσεως, ὀξεῖα πᾶσα καὶ χαλεπή. 
ἐνταῦθα συνέστησάν τινες τῶν Τυρρηνῶν καὶ τῶν 
προγεγραμμένων ὑπὸ Σύλλα' πληρώσαντες δὲ 
τέτταρα τάγματα στρατιᾶς διετῆ χρόνον ἐπο- 
λιορκήθησαν, εἶθ᾽ ὑπόσπονδοι Tapex@pnoav TOU 
τόπου. τὸ δὲ Ποπλώνιον ἐ ἐπ᾽ ἄκρας ὑψηλῆς ἵδρυ- 
ται, κατερρωγυίας εἰς τὴν θάλασσαν καὶ χερρονη- 
σιξούσης, πολιορκίαν καὶ αὐτὸ δεδεγμένον περὶ 
τοὺς αὐτοὺς καιρούς. τὸ μὲν οὖν πολίχνιον πᾶν 
ἔρημόν ἐστι πλὴν τῶν ἱερῶν καὶ κατοικιῶν ὀλίγων, 
τὸ δ᾽ ἐπίνειον οἰκεῖται βέλτιον, πρὸς τῇ ῥίζῃ τοῦ 


1 στρατιᾶς, Corais, for στρατείας ; so the later editors. 


1 The number of men in these battalions is uncertain, 
since the Greek word might mean any regular body of 


352 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 2. 5-6 


stream and deluge the country, the rivers promised 
not to deluge it and kept their pledge. Again, 
Pisa is reputed to have been prosperous on a time, 
and at the present time it is not without repute, on 
account of its fertility, its stone-quarries, and its 
timber for ship-building ; in ancient times, indeed, 
they utilised this latter material to meet the perils 
that faced them on the sea (for they were, to begin 
with, more warlike than the Tyrrheni, and their 
warlike spirit was sharpened by the Ligures, bad 
neighbours living at their flank), but at the present 
time most of it is being used up on the buildings at 
Rome, and also at the villas, now that people are 
devising palaces of Persian magnificence. 

6. As for the Volaterrani, their country is washed 
by the sea and their settlement is in a deep ravine ; 
in the ravine there is a high hill, which is precipitous 
on all sides and flat on the crest, and it is on this 
hill that the walls of the city are situated. The 
ascent from the base to the crest is fifteen stadia, 
an ascent that is sharp all the way up, and difficult 
to make. This is where some of the Tyrrheni and 
of those who had been proscribed by Sulla assembled ; 
and, on filling out four battalions,! they withstood a 
siege for two years, and even then retired from the 
place only under a truce. As for Poplonium, it is 
situated on a high promontory that makes an abrupt 
descent into the sea and forms a peninsula; it too 
sustained a siege at about the same time as 
Volaterrae. Nowalthough the town is wholly desert 
except for the temples and a few dwellings, the 
port-town, which has a little harbour and two docks 


soldiers (as often), or a maniple (cp. Polybius 6. 24), or even 
a legion (cp. Cassius Dio 71. 9). 


353 
VOL. II. A A 


STRABO 


ὄρους λιμένιον ἔχον καὶ νεωσοίκους δύο' καὶ" 


δοκεῖ μοι μόνη τῶν Τυρρηνίδων τῶν παλαιῶν 
αὕτη πόλεων ἐπ᾽ αὐτῇ τῇ θαλάττῃ ἱδρῦσθαι" 
αἴτιον δ᾽ ἐστὶ τὸ τῆς χώρας ἀλίμενον" διόπερ 
παντάπασιν ἔφευγον οἱ κτίσται τὴν θάλατταν, ἢ ἢ 
προεβάλλοντο ἐρύματα πρὸς" αὐτῆς, ὥστε μὴ 
λάφυρον ἕτοιμον ἐκκεῖσθαι τοῖς ἐπιπλεύσασιν. 
ἔστι δὲ καὶ θυννοσκοπεῖον ὑπὸ τῇ ἄκρᾳ. κατο- 
πτεύεται δ᾽ ἀπὸ τῆς πόλεως πόρρωθεν μὲν καὶ 
μόλις ἡ Σαρδώ, ἐ ἐγγυτέρω δ᾽ ἡ Κύρνος, ἑξήκοντά 
Tos διέχουσα τῆς Σαρδόνος «σταδίους, πολὺ δὲ 
μᾶλλον τούτων ἡ Αἰθαλία: n° TPOTEXETTEPA TH 
ἠπείρῳ ἐστίν, ὅσον τριακοσίους διέχουσα στα- 
δίους, ὅσους καὶ τῆς Κύρνου διέχει. “ἄριστον δ᾽ 
ἀφετήριον τοῦτο τὸ χωρίον ἐστὶν ἐπὶ τὰς τρεῖς τὰς 
λεχθείσας νήσους. εἴδομεν δὲ καὶ ταύτας ἡμεῖς, 
ἀναβάντες ἐπὶ τὸ ἸΙ]οπλώνιον, καὶ μέταλλα τινα 
ἐν τῇ χώρᾳ ἐκλελειμμένα. εἴδομεν δὲ καὶ τοὺς 
ἐργαζομένους τὸν σίδηρον τὸν ἐκ τῆς Αἰθαλίας 
κομιζόμενον: οὐ γὰρ δύναται συλλιπαίνεσθαι 
καμινευόμενος ἐν τῇ νήσῳ" κομίζεται δ᾽ εὐθὺς ἐκ 
1 δύο" καί, Meineke, for δίο καί ; so Miiller—Diibner. 
2 Meineke emends πρός to πρό, following Corais. 


3 4, Meineke inserts 5 Casaubon, Kramer, and Miiller— 
Dabo insert γάρ before τῇ. 


— 


1 Corsica. * Elba. 

3 Literally, ‘‘oiled together”; hence not ‘‘ melted to- 
gether” merely (the meaning given by the dictionaries and 
the editors in general), or ‘‘ reduced to iron bars” (Casaubon 
and du Theil). Strabo speaks of ‘‘iron,” not ‘‘iron-ore” ; 
and he does not mean to say that iron-ore was not smelted 
at all on the island. Indeed, Diodorus Siculus (5. 18) tells 
us in detail how the people there broke up the masses of 


354 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 2. 6 


at the base of the mountain, is better peopled; and 
in my opinion this is the only one of the ancient 
Tyrrhenian cities that was situated on the sea itself; 
and my reason is the country’s lack of harbours— 
precisely the reason why the founders would avoid 
the sea altogether, or else would throw forward 
defences towards the sea, so as not to be exposed, 
a ready prey, to any who might sail against them. 
Again, beneath the promontory there is a place for 
watching the tunny-fish.e And in looking down 
from the city you can see, albeit from afar and 
with difficulty, the island of Sardo, and, nearer, the 
island of Cyrnus! (about sixty stadia distant from 
Sardo), and, much better than these, the island 
of Aethalia;? Aethalia is closer to the mainland, 
since it is distant only about three hundred stadia, 
the same as its distance from Cyrnus. This place 
is the best point of departure from the mainland 
to the three aforesaid islands. I myself saw these 
islands when I went up to Poplonium, and also 
some mines out in the country that had failed. 
And I also saw the people who work the iron that 
is brought over from Aethalia; for it cannot be 
brought into complete coalescence? by heating in 
the furnaces on the island; and it is brought over 
*‘iron-rock,” and ‘‘burnt” and ‘‘melted” the pieces in 
*‘ingenious furnaces”; how they divided the resulting mass 
into lumps of convenient size, in form similar to large 
sponges; and how they sold the lumps to merchants, who 
took them over to the various markets on the mainland. 
Hence Strabo is thinking primarily of the high temperature 
necessary to bring the iron from a brittle and spongy to a 
soft and tough texture ; but for the lack of wood on the island 
(see Beckmann on Aristot. Mirab. c. 95) any further working 


of the iron there was whollv impracticable. On the kinds 
of iron and how to temper it, see Pliny 34. 41. 


359 


AAS 


Ο 224 


STRABO 


τῶν μετάλλων εἰς τὴν ἤπειρον. τοῦτό τε δὴ 
παράδοξον ἡ νῆσος ἔχει καὶ τὸ τὰ ὀρύγματα 
ἀναπληροῦσθαι πάλιν τῷ χρόνῳ τὰ μεταλλευ- 
θέντα, καθάπερ τοὺς πλαταμῶνάς φασι τοὺς ἐν 
“Ῥόδῳ καὶ τὴν ἐν Ildpw πέτραν τὴν μάρμαρον καὶ 
τὰς ἐν ᾿Ινδοῖς ἅλας, ἅς φησι Κλείταρχος. οὔτ ᾿οὖν 
᾿ρατοσθένης ὀρθῶς ὁ 0 φήσας μὴ καθορᾶσθαι μήτε 
τὴν Κύρνον ἐκ τῆς ἠπείρου μήτε τὴν Σαρδόνα, οὔτ᾽ 
᾿Αρτεμίδωρος ὁ φήσας ἐν χιλίοις εἶναι καὶ διακο- 
σίοις σταδίοις πελαγίας ἀμφοτέρας. καὶ τὰ: εἴ 
τισιν, ἡμῖν γε οὐκ ἂν ὑπῆρξαν ὁραταὶ ἢ" ἐπὶ 
τοσοῦτον, ἐφ᾽ ὅσον σαφεῖς ἑωρῶντο, καὶ μάλιστα 
ἡ Κύρνος. ἔστι δὲ κατὰ τὴν Αἰθαλίαν λιμὴν 
NoniBies ἀπὸ τῆς ᾿Αργοῦς, ὥς φασιν" ἐκεῖσε γὰρ 
πλεῦσαι τὴν τῆς Κίρκης οἴκησιν ζητοῦντα τὸν 
Ἰάσονα, τῆς Μηδείας ἐθελούσης ἰδεῖν τὴν θεάν" 
καὶ "δὴ καὶ τῶν ἀποστλεγγισμάτων παγέντων ἃ 
ἐποίουν οἱ ᾿Αργοναῦται, διαμένειν ἔτι καὶ νῦν 
διαποικίλους τὰς ἐπὶ τῆς ἠιόνος ψήφους. αἱ δὲ 
τοιαῦται μυθοποιίαι τεκμήρια τῶν λεγομένων ὑφ᾽ 
ἡμῶν εἰσιν, OTL οὐ πάντα Ὅμηρος αὐτὸς ἔπλαττεν, 
ἀλλ᾽ ἀκούων θρυλουμένων τῶν τοιούτων πολλῶν 
αὐτὸς προσετίθει μήκη διαστημάτων καὶ ἐκτοπισ- 


1 4, the reading of the MSS., Jones retains ; others delete. 
2 In a letter to Forbiger, Meineke suggested θείαν for θεάν; 
and Forbiger so reads. 


1 “Tmmediately from the mines” might imply, of course, 
that the particular supply that went to Poplonium was, 
according to Strabo, merely ore as dug from the mines, 

2 Aristotle (ἔλαθ. c. 93), speaking of this same island, 
says, on the authority of others, that what was once a 
copper mine gave out, and that long thereafter iron appeared 


356 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 2. 6 


immediately from the mines to the mainland.1 
However, this is not the only remarkable thing 
about the island; there is also the fact that the 
diggings which have been mined are in time filled 
up again,” as is said to be the case with the ledges 
of rocks in Rhodes, the marble-rock in Paros, and, 
according to Cleitarchus, the salt-rock in India. 
Neither, then, is Eratosthenes correct, when he says 
that neither Cyrnus nor Sardo can be seen from 
the mainland, nor Artemidorus, when he says that 
both islands lie in the high sea within twelve 
hundred stadia; for even supposing they were visible 
to some people at that distance, they could not 
have been so to me, at least, or else not to the 
extent of their being seen clearly, and particularly 
Cyrnus, Again, there is at Aethalia a Portus Argous, 
from the ship “ Argo,” as they say ; for when Jason, 
the story goes, was in quest of the abode of Circe, 
because Medea wished to see the goddess,* he sailed 
to this port ; and, what is more, because the scrapings, 
which the Argonauts formed when they used their 
strigils, became congealed, the pebbles on the shore 
remain variegated still to this day. Now mythical 
stories of this sort are proofs of what I have been 
saying: that Homer was not wont to fabricate 
everything on his own account, but, because he heard 
many such stories told over and over again, he was 
wont on his own account to add to them by lengthen- 
ing the distances and making the settings more 
remote; and that, just as he threw the setting of 


in the same mine—‘‘the iron which is now used by the 
inhabitants of Poplonium.” 

3 Cp. 15. 1. 30. 4 Porto Ferrajo. 

5 Meineke conjectures that Strabe wrote ‘‘aunt” instead 
of ‘‘ goddess” ; cp. 1. 2. 10 


357 


STRABO 


γι \ , wees ὃ 7 ᾽ \ 9 \ 
μῶν, καὶ καθάπερ Tov ᾿Οδυσσέα εἰς τὸν ὠκεανὸν 
b] / 7 \ Ἂν 3 pe 
ἐξέβαλε, παραπλησίως καὶ τὸν ᾿Ιάσονα, yevo- 
μένης καὶ τούτῳ πλάνης τινὸς κἀκείνῳ, καθάπερ 

Ν ‘f Ὁ \ ἊΝ ἰε n Aié / 
καὶ Μενελάῳ. περὶ μὲν οὖν τῆς Αἰθαλίας 
τοσαῦτα. 

“ VA A 

7. Ἢ δὲ Κύρνος ὑπὸ τῶν Ῥωμαίων καλεῖται 
Κορσίκα. οἰκεῖται δὲ φαύλως, τραχεῖά τε οὖσα 
καὶ τοῖς πλείστοις “μέρεσι δύσβατος τελέως, ὥστε 
τοὺς κατέχοντας τὰ ὄρη καὶ ἀπὸ ληστηρίων «ξῶν- 
Tas ἀγριωτέρους εἶναι θηρίων. ὁπόταν γοῦν ὁρμή- 

/ f 
σωσιν οἱ τῶν Ρωμαίων στρατηγοί, καὶ προσπε- 
σόντες τοῖς ἐρύμασι πολὺ πλῆθος ἕλωσι τῶν 
> / ἘΦ ty, 4 ’ ac / \ Ee 
ἀνδραπόδων, ὁρᾶν ἔστιν ἐν τῇ Ῥώμῃ καὶ θαυμά- 
ζειν ὅσον ἐμφαίνεται τὸ θηριῶδες καὶ τὸ βοσκη- 
ματῶδες ἐν αὐτοῖς" ἢ γὰρ οὐχ ὑπομένουσι ζῆν ἢ ἢ 
ζῶντες ἀπαθείᾳ καὶ ἀναισθησίᾳ τοὺς ὠνησαμένους 
ἐπιτρίβουσιν, ὥστε καίπερ τὸ τυχὸν καταβαλοῦ- 
σιν ὑπὲρ αὐτῶν ὅμως μεταμέλειν. ἔστι δ᾽ ὅμως 
οἰκήσιμά τινα μέρη καὶ πολίσματά Tov Βλησίνων 
>t 4 Aad / \ a of n 
te καὶ Xapa& καὶ KEvixoviat καὶ Ovatraves. μῆκος 
n Ν c 

δὲ τῆς νήσου φησὶν ὁ χωρογράφος μίλια ἑκατὸν 
£ ᾷ / δὲ id ὃ ti δ᾽ = 50 δὲ 
ἑξήκοντα, πλάτος δὲ ἑβδομήκοντα" Σαρδόνος δὲ 
μῆκος διακόσια εἴκοσι, πτλώτος δὲ ἐνενήκοντα ὀκτώ. 


1 Strabo again comes back to his favourite theme; cp. 

2. 9, 1.52.88, and 33.22. 12. 

2 Cp. Pliny, 3. 12(6). 

3 It is impossible to say what ‘‘Chorographer” Strabo 
refers to here; and in 5. 2. 8, 6. 1. 11, 6. 2. 1 (‘‘ The Choro- 
graphy’’), 6. 2. 11, 6.3.10. The fact that the dimensions 
are given in Roman miles indicates that he does not allude 
to Eratosthenes, or Polybius, or Artemidorus. Casaubon 
thinks he means the ‘‘ Map of Agrippa.” Detlefsen (Ur- 
sprung... der Erdkarte Agrippas in Quellen und Forschungen 
zur alten Geschichte wnd Geographic, Heft 13, pp. 21, 61 ff.), 


358 


GEOGRAPHY, «. 2. 6-7 


his Odysseus out into the ocean, so similarly he 
threw the setting of his Jason there, because a 
wandering had actually taken place in the life of 
Jason too as well as in that of Odysseus—just as 
also in that of Menelaus.! So much, then, for the 
island of Aethalia. 

7. But Cyrnus is by the Romans called Corsica. 
It affords such a poor livelihood—being not only 
rough but in most of its parts absolutely impracti- 
cable for travel—that those who occupy the mountains 
and live from brigandage are more savage than wild 
animals. At any rate, whenever the Roman generals 
have made a sally, and, falling suddenly upon the 
strongholds, have taken a large number of the people 
as slaves, you can at Rome see, and marvel at, the 
extent to which the nature of wild beasts, as also 
that of battening cattle, is manifested in them ; for 
either they cannot endure to live in captivity, or, if 
they live, they so irritate their purchasers by their 
apathy and insensibility, that, even though the 
purchasers may have paid for them no more than 
an insignificant sum, nevertheless they repent the 
purchase. But still there are some habitable parts 
in the island, and what might be called towns, 
namely, Blesinon, Charaf, Eniconiae and Vapanes.? 
The length of the island, says the Chorographer,’ 
is one hundred and sixty miles, and the breadth 
seventy ; but the length of Sardo is two hundred and 
twenty, and the breadth ninety-eight. According 
and Braun (Ursprung, Hinrichtung und Bedeutung der Erd- 
karte Agrippas, ibid., Heft 17, pp. 22-35) practically establish 
that the ‘‘ Map of Agrippa” is meant; but see EK. Pais, 
Ancient Italy, trans. by Curtis, p. 385, and Sterrett’s Jntro- 


duction to the present work, p. xxvi, and Nissen’s J/al. 
Landeskunde, I. p. 17. 


359 


C 225 


STRABO 


κατ᾽ ἄλλους δὲ Κύρνου μὲν περίμετρος περὶ τρισ- 
χιλίους 1 λέγεται καὶ διακοσίους σταδίους, τῆς δὲ 
Σαρδόνος καὶ τετρακισχιλίους. ἔστι δὲ αὐτῆς τὸ 
πολὺ μέρος τραχὺ καὶ οὐκ εἰρηναῖον, πολὺ δὲ καὶ 
χώραν ἔχον εὐδαίμονα * τοῖς πᾶσι, σίτῳ δὲ καὶ διαφε- 
ρόντως. πόλεις δ᾽ εἰσὶ μὲν πλείους, ἀξιόλογοι δὲ 
Κάραλις καὶ Σοῦλχοι. τῇ δ᾽ ἀρετῇ τῶν τόπων ἀντι- 
TATTETAL TLS καὶ μοχθηρία: νοσερὰ γὰρ ἡ νῆσος τοῦ 
θέρους, καὶ μάλιστα ἐν τοῖς εὐκαρποῦσι χωρίοις- 
τὰ δ᾽ αὐτὰ ταῦτα καὶ πορθεῖται συνεχῶς ὑπὸ τῶν 
ὀρείων οἱ καλοῦνται Διαγησβεῖς, ᾿Ιολαεῖς πρότε' 
pov ὀνομαζόμενοι. λέγεται γὰρ Ἰόλαος ἄγων τῶν 
παίδων τινὰς τοῦ Ἡρακλέους. ἐλθεῖν δεῦρο καὶ 
συνοικῆσαι τοῖς τὴν νῆσον ἔχουσι βαρβάροις 
(Τυρρηνοὶ δ᾽ ἦσαν)" ὕστερον δὲ Φοίνικες ἐπεκρά- 
THO AY οἱ ἐκ Kapynoovos, καὶ μετὰ τούτων Ῥω- 
μαίοις ἐπολέμουν" καταλυθέντων δὲ ἐ ἐκείνων, πάνθ᾽ 
ὑπὸ “Ῥωμαίοις ὑπῆρξε. τέτταρα δ᾽ ἐστὶ τῶν 
ὀρείων ἔθνη, ἸΠάρατοι, Σοσσινάτοι, Banrapor, 
᾿Ακώνιτες, ἐν σπηλαίοις οἰκοῦντες, εἰ δέ τινα 
ἔχουσι γῆν σπόριμον, οὐδὲ ταύτην ἐπιμελῶς σπεί- 
ροντες, ἀλλὰ τὰς 5 τῶν ἐργαζομένων καθαρπά- 
ζοντες, τοῦτο μὲν τῶν αὐτόθι, τοῦτο δ᾽ ἐπιπλέ- 
οντες τοῖς ἐν τῇ περαίᾳ, Πισάταις μάλιστα. οἱ 
δὲ πεμπόμενοι στρατηγοὶ τὰ μὲν ἀντέχουσι, πρὸς 

ἃ δ᾽ ἀπαυδῶσιν, ἐπειδὰν μὴ λυσιτελῇ τρέφειν 
asd ἐν τόποις νοσεροῖς στρατόπεδον, λείπεται 

1 τρισχιλίους, the reading οὗ o and in margin of n; ABCI 


read χιλίους, although B has β (δισχιλίους) in margin, second 
hand. 2 Cp. τὰς yas, 2. 5. 26. 


1 The best MSS. read ‘‘ one thousand.” 
2 A name otherwise unknown. 


360 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 2.7 


to others, however, the perimeter of Cyrnus is called 
about three thousand! two hundred stadia, and of 
Sardo as much as four thousand. The greater part 
of Sardo is rugged and not at peace, though much 
of it has also soil that is blessed with all products— 
especially with grain. As for cities, there are indeed 
several, but only Caralis and Sulchi are noteworthy. 
But the excellence of the places is offset by a 
serious defect, for in summer the island is un- 
healthful, particularly in the fruitful districts; and 
it is precisely these districts that are continually 
ravaged by those mountaineers who are now called 
Diagesbes ; 2 in earlier times, however, their name was 
Iolaés; for Iolaiis, it is said, came hither, bringing 
with him some of the children of Heracles, and took 
up his abode with the barbarians who held the island 
(the latter were Tyrrheni). Later on, the Phoeni- 
cians of Carthage got the mastery over them, and 
along with them carried on war against the Romans ; 
but upon the defeat of the Phoenicians, everything 
became subject to the Romans. There are four 
tribes of the mountaineers, the Parati, the Sossi- 
nati, the Balari, and the Aconites, and they live 
in caverns; but if they do hold a bit of land 
that is fit for sowing, they do not sow even this 
diligently ; instead, they pillage the lands of the 
farmers—not only of the farmers on the island, but 
they actually sail against the people on the opposite 
coast, the Pisatae in particular. Now the military 
governors who are sent to the island resist the 
mountaineers part of the time, but sometimes they 
grow weary of it—when it is not profitable continu- 
ously to maintain a camp in unhealthful places, and 
then the only thing left for them is to employ 


261 


STRABO 


δὴ στρατηγεῖν τέχνας τινάς" καὶ δὴ τηρήσαντες 
ἔθος τι τῶν βαρβάρων (πανηγυρίξουσι γὰρ ἐπὶ 
πλείους ἡμέρας ἀπὸ τῆς λεηλασίας), ἐπιτίθενται 
τότε καὶ χειροῦνται πολλούς. γίνονται δ᾽ ἐνταῦ- 
θα οἱ τρίχα φύοντες αἰγείαν ἀντ᾽ ἐρέας κριοί, 
καλούμενοι δὲ μούσμωνες, ὧν ταῖς δοραῖς θωρακί- 
ζονται. χρῶνται δὲ TEXT καὶ ξιφιδίῳ. 

8. ᾿Απὸ πάσης δὲ τῆς μεταξὺ ἸΤοπλωνίου καὶ 
Πίσης ἱκανῶς αἱ νῆσοι κατοπτεύονται" ἐπιμήκεις 
δ᾽ εἰσὶ καὶ παράλληλοι σχεδὸν αἱ τρεῖς, ἐπὶ νότον 
καὶ Λιβύην τετραμμέναι: πολὺ μέντοι τῷ μεγέθει 
λείπεται τῶν ἄλλων ἡ Αἰθαλία. ἀπὸ τε τῆς 
Λιβύης τὸ ἐγγυτάτω δίαρμά φησιν ὃ χωρογράφος 
εἰς τὴν Σαρδὼ μίλια τριακόσια. μετὰ δὲ τὸ 
Ποπλώνιον Κόσσαι πόλις μικρὸν ὑπὲρ τῆς θαλάτ- 
TS" ἔστι & ἐν κόλπῳ βουνὸς ὑψηλός, ἐφ᾽ οὗ τὸ 
κτίσμα" ὑπόκειται δ᾽ «Ηρακλέους λιμὴν καὶ πλη- 
σίον λιμνοθάλαττα καὶ παρὰ τὴν ἄκραν τὴν ὑπὲρ 
τοῦ κόλπου θυννοσκοπεῖον. ἀκολουθεῖ yapo θύννος 
οὐ τῇ βαλάνῳ μόνον, ἀλλὰ καὶ τῇ πορφύρᾳ παρὰ 
γῆν, ἀρξάμενος ἀπὸ τῆς ἔξω θαλάττης μέχρι καὶ 
Σικελίας. ἀπὸ δὲ τῶν Κοσσῶν εἰς ᾿Ὡστίαν παρα- 
πλέουσι πολίχνιά ἐστι Τιραουίσκοι καὶ ἸΠύργοι 
καὶ Αλσιον καὶ Φρεγήνα. εἰς μὲν δὴ Γραουί- 
σκους στάδιοι τριακόσιοι, ἐν δὲ τῷ μεταξὺ τόπος 


1 δή (the reading of C), Jones, for δέ. 
2 Gosselin and Groskurd believe that Strabo wrote διακόσια; 
see note 2 on opposite page. 


1 That is, ‘‘mouflons” (Ovis musimon); see Pliny 8, 75 
(49), and 30. 52. 


362 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 2. 7-8 


stratagems ; and so, having observed a certain custom 
of the barbarians (who come together after their 
forays for a general celebration extending over 
several days), attack them at that time and over- 
power many of them. Again, Sardo produces the 
rams that grow goat-hair instead of wool; they are 
called, however, “ musmones,’! and it is with the 
hides of these that the people there make their 
cuirasses. They also use a small leather shield and 
a small dagger. 

8. The islands can be seen clearly enough from 
any part of the country between Poplonium and 
Pisa; they are oblong and approximately parallel, 
all three of them, and they point towards the south 
and Libya; Aethalia, however, falls considerably 
short of the others in size. Further, the shortest 
passage to Sardo from Libya, according to the 
Chorographer, is three hundred miles.2_ After Pop- 
lonium comes Cossa, a city slightly above the sea; 
that is, there is a high hill at the head of a gulf, and 
the settlement is on this hill; and beneath lies the 
Harbour of Heracles and near it is a lagoon and, along 
the promontory that lies above the gulf, a station for 
observing the tunny-fish; for along the shore the 
tunny-fish follow not only the acorns but also the 
purple fish,? beginning their course at the outer sea 
and going even as far as Sicily. As one sails along 
the coast from Cossa to Ostia one comes to some 
small towns: Gravisci, Pyrgi, Alsium and Fregena. To 
Gravisci, then, the distance is three hundred stadia ; 


2 Strabo probably wrote two hundred miles (the distance 
given by Pliny, 3. 13). 
3 Purpura murex, 4 See 3. 2. 7. 


363 


C 226 


STRABO 


ἐστὶ καλούμενος Ρηγισούνλλα" ἱστόρηται δὲ ye- 
νέσθαι τοῦτο βασίλειον Μάλεω Tov! Ἰ]ελασγοῦ, 
ὅν φασι δυναστεύσαντα ἐν τοῖς τόποις μετὰ τῶν 
συνοίκων Πελασγῶν ἀπελθεῖν ἐνθένδε εἰς ᾿Αθήνας: 
τούτου δ᾽ εἰσὶ τοῦ φύλου καὶ οἱ τὴν ᾿Αγυλλαν 
κατεσχηκότες. ἀπὸ δὲ Τραουίσκων εἰς Ilvpyous 
μικρὸν ἐλάττους τῶν ἑκατὸν ὀγδοήκοντα, ἔστι δ᾽ 
ἐπίνειον τῶν Καιρετανῶν ἀπὸ τριάκοντα σταδίων. 
ἔχει δὲ Βἰληθυίας ἱ ἱερόν, Πελασγῶν ἵδρυμα, πλού- 
σιόν ποτε γενόμενον, ἐσύλησε δ᾽ αὐτὸ Διονύσιος ὁ 
τῶν Σικελιωτῶν τύραννος κατὰ τὸν πλοῦν τὸν ἐπὶ 
Κύρνον. ἀπὸ δὲ τῶν Ivpyev εἰς ᾿Ωστίαν διακό- 
σιοι ἑξήκοντα" ἐν δὲ τῷ μεταξὺ τὸ "Αλσιον καὶ ἡ 
Φρεγήνα. περὶ μὲν τῆς παραλίας τῆς Τυρρηνικῆς 
ταῦτα. 

9, Ἔν δὲ τῇ μεσογαίᾳ πόλεις πρὸς ταῖς εἰρη- 
μέναις ᾿Αρρήτιόν τε καὶ Περουσία καὶ Οὐολσίνιοι 
καὶ Σούτριον πρὸς δὲ ταύταις πολίχναι συχναΐ, 
Βλήρα τε καὶ Φερεντῖνον καὶ Φαλέριοι καὶ Φαλί- 
σκον καὶ Νεπήτα καὶ Στατωνία καὶ ἄλλαι πλείους, 
αἱ μὲν ἐξ ἀρχῆς συνεστῶσαι, τινὲς δὲ τῶν “Pw- 
μαίων οἰκισάντων ἢ ταπεινωσάντων, καθάπερ τοὺς 
Οὐηίους πολεμήσαντας πολλάκις καὶ τὰς Φιδήνας. 
ἔνιοι δ᾽ οὐ Τυρρηνούς φασι τοὺς Φαλερίους, ἀλλὰ 
Φαλίσκους, ἴδιον ἔθνος" τινὲς δὲ καὶ τοὺς Φαλί- 


1 Μάλεω τοῦ, G. Hermann, for Μαλαιὼ rod; so the later 
editors. 


1 Cp. 88 2-4 above. 
2 The goddess of child-birth. 
3 One of the “twelve” Tyrrhenian cities (cp. § 2. above). 


364 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 2. 8-9 


and in the interval is a place called Regis Villa. 
History tells us that this was once the palace of 
Maleos, the Pelasgian, who, it is said, although he 
held dominion in the places mentioned, along with 
the Pelasgi who helped him to colonise them, de- 
parted thence to Athens. And this is also the stock 
to which the people belong who have taken and now 
hold Agylla.t Again, from Gravisci to Pyrgi the 
distance is a little less than one hundred and eighty 
stadia; it is the port-town of the Caeretani, thirty 
stadia away. And Pyrgi has a temple of Eilethyia,? 
an establishment of the Pelasgi; it was once rich, 
but it was robbed by Dionysius, the tyrant of the 
Sicilians, on his expedition to Cyrnus. And again, from 
Pyrgi to Ostia the distance is two hundred and sixty 
stadia; and in the interval are Alsium and Fregena. 
Thus much for the coastline of Tyrrhenia. 

9. In the interior there are still other cities be- 
sides those already mentioned—Arretium, Perusia, 
Volsinii, and Sutrium; and, besides these, numerous 
small towns—Blera, Ferentinum, Falerii, Faliscum, 
Nepeta, Statonia, and several others; some of them 
are constituted as of old, while others the Romans 
have colonised, or else have brought low, as they did 
Veii,? which had oftentimes gone to war with them, 
and as they did Fidenae.* Some, however, call the 
Falerii, not “ Tyrrheni,’ ὅ but “ Falisci,’ a special and 
distinct tribe ; again, others call Faliscum a city with 


It was captured and destroyed by Camillus in 395 B.c. after 
a siege of ten years. It then remained uninhabited until the 
end of the Republic; but it was colonised by Julius Caesar 
and also by Augustus. 

ἃ See 5. 3. 2; it was situated south of the Tiber. 

5 That is, not ““ Etruscans,” 


395 


STRABO 


σκους πόλιν ἰδιόγλωσσον" οἱ δὲ Αἰκουουμφαλί- 
σκον} λέγουσιν ἐπὶ τῇ Φλαμινίᾳ ὁδῷ κείμενον 
μεταξὺ ᾿Οκρίκλων καὶ “Ῥώμης. ὑπὸ δὲ τῷ Σω- 
ράκτῳ ὄρει Φερωνία πόλις ἐστίν, ὁμώνυμος ἐπι- 
χωρίᾳ τινὶ δαίμονι τιμωμένῃ σφόδρα ὑπὸ τῶν 
περιοίκων, ἧ ἧς τέμενός ἐ ἐστιν ἐν τῷ τόπῳ θαυμαστὴν 
ἱεροποιίαν ἔχον" γυμνοῖς γὰρ. ποσὶ i διεξίασιν ἀνθρα- 
κιὰν καὶ σποδιὰν μεγάλην οἱ κατεχόμενοι ὑπὸ τῆς 
δαίμονος ταύτης ἀπαθεῖς καὶ συνέρχεται “πλῆθος 
ἀνθρώπων ἅμα THS τε πανηγύρεως χάριν, ἣ συντε- 
λεῖται κατ᾽ ἔτος, καὶ τῆς λεχθείσης θέας. ᾿μάλε- 
στα δ᾽ ἐστὶν ἐν μεσογαίᾳ τὸ ᾿Αρρήτιον πρὸς τοῖς 
ὄρεσιν' ἀπέχει γοῦν τῆς “Ῥώμης χιλίους καὶ διακο-- 
σίους σταδίους, τὸ δὲ Κλούσιον ὀκτακοσίους" ἐγγὺς 
δὲ τούτων ἐστὶ καὶ ἡ ἹΠερουσία. προσλαμβάνου- 
σι δὲ πρὸς τὴν εὐδαιμονίαν τῆς χώρας καὶ λίμναι, 
μεγάλαι τε καὶ πολλαὶ οὖσαι: καὶ yap πλέονται 
καὶ τρέφουσιν ὄψον πολὺ καὶ τῶν πτηνῶν τὰ 
λιμναῖα" τύφη τε καὶ πάπυρος ἀνθήλη τε πολλὴ 
κατακομίξεται ποταμοῖς εἰς τὴν “Ῥώμην, ovs ἐκδι- 
δόασιν αἱ λίμναι μέχρι τοῦ Τιβέρεως: ὧν ἐστιν 
ἥ τε Κιμινία καὶ ἡ περὶ Οὐολσινίους καὶ ἡ περὶ 


1 Αἰκουουμφαλίσκον, Meineke, for Οἰακουσυμφαλίσκον. 


1 Literally, ‘‘ Level Faliscum”; it was situated in the 
plains, three miles from the old city. 

2 A few lines above, Strabo appears to have counted 
‘Falerii” and ‘‘Faliscum” as separate cities ; perhaps by 
“Ὁ Faliscum ” he meant ‘‘ Aequum Faliscum.” The old city of 
** Falerii”’ (or ‘‘ Falerium”) was occupied both by the Falerii 
(a Tyrrhenian people) and by the Falisci (a people of Sabine 
origin, perhaps, with a dialect closely akin to Latin); the 
latter, however, inhabited a large tract of surrounding 
country as well as the city itself. The ancient writers 
usually distinguished between the people ‘‘ Falisci” and the 


366 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 2. 9 


a special language all its own; and others mean by 
Faliscum “ Aequum Faliscum,” + which is situated on 
the Flaminian Way between Ocricli and Rome.? » 
The city of Feronia is at the foot of Mount Soracte, 
with the same name as a certain native goddess, a 
goddess greatly honoured by the surrounding peoples ; 
her sacred precinct is in the place; and it has re- 
markable ceremonies, for those who are possessed by 
this goddess walk with bare feet through a great 
heap of embers and ashes without suffering ;* and a 
multitude of people come together at the same time, 
for the sake not only of attending the festal assembly, 
which is held here every year, but also of seeing the 
aforesaid sight. But Arretium, which is near the 
mountains, is farthest of all in the interior; at any 
rate, it is twelve hundred stadia distant from Rome, 
while Clusium is only eight hundred; and Perusia 
is near these two. ‘The lakes, too, contribute to the 
prosperity of Tyrrhenia, being both large and 
numerous; for they are navigable, and also give 
food to quantities of fish and to the various marsh- 
birds ; quantities of cat-tail, too, and papyrus, and 
downy plumes of the reed, are transported by rivers 
into Rome—rivers which are sent forth by the lakes 
as far as the Tiber; and among these are the 
Ciminian Lake,* the lake near Volsinii,® the lake near 


city, but the city itself was often called ‘‘ Falisci” (or 
“Ὁ Waliscum”) as well as ‘‘ Falerii.” The site of the old city 
is now occupied by Civita Castellana, while that of the new 
Roman city, in the plains, is marked by the ruins of a church 
called Santa Maria di Falleri ; see Hncyc. Brit. under ‘‘ Falerii”’ 
(Thomas Ashby) and * Falisci” (R. 8S. Conway). 

3 Cp. 12. 2. 7, and 15. 3. 14-15; also Pliny 7. 2, and Virgil 
1]. 785. 

4 Now Lake Vico. 5 Now Lake Bolsena. 


367 


Ο 227 


STRABO 


Κλούσιον καὶ ἡ ἐγγυτάτω τῆς Ῥώμης καὶ τῆς 
θαλάττης Σαβάτα' ἀπωτάτω δὲ καὶ ἢ" πρὸς 
᾿Αρρητίῳ ” Τρασουμέννα, καθ᾽ ἣν αἱ ἐκ τῆς Κελτι- 
κῆς εἰς ΠΩ Τυρρηνίαν ἐκβολαὶ" στρατοπέδοις, 
αἷσπερ καὶ ᾿Αννίβας ἐχρήσατο, δυεῖν οὐσῶν, 

We \ a 3 / \ A 3 
ταύτης τε καὶ τῆς ἐπ᾿ Δριμίνου διὰ τῆς Ομβρι- 
κῆς. “βελτίων μὲν οὖν ἡ ἐπ᾽ ᾿Αριμίνου' ταπεινοῦ- 
ται γὰρ ἐνταῦθα ἱ ἱκανῶς τὰ ὄρη" φρουρουμένων δὲ 
τῶν παρόδων τούτων ἐπιμελῶς, ἠναγκάσθη τὴν 
χαλεπωτέραν ἑλέσθαι, καὶ ἐκράτησεν ὅμως νική- 
σας μάχας μεγάλας Φλαμίνιον. πολλὴ δὲ καὶ 
τῶν θερμῶν ὑδάτων ἀφθονία κατὰ τὴν Τυρρηνίαν, 
ἃ" τῷ πλησίον εἶναι τῆς Ῥώμης οὐχ ἧττον ὃ 
εὐανδρεῖ τῶν ἐν Βαΐαις, ἃ διωνόμασται πολὺ 
πάντων μάλιστα. 

10. Τῇ δὲ Τυρρηνίᾳ παραβέβληται κατὰ τὸ 
πρὸς ἕω μέρος ἡ ᾿Ομβρική, τὴν ἀρχὴν ἀπὸ τῶν 
᾿Απεννίνων "λαβοῦσα, καὶ ἔτι περαιτέρω μέχρι τοῦ 
᾿Αδρίου. ἀπὸ γὰρ δὴ ᾿Ραουέννης ἀρξάμενοι κατέ- 
χουσιν οὗτοι τὸ πλησίον καὶ ἐφεξῆς Σάρσιναν, 
ΣΝ , τ Κ / 6 > “ δ΄ 5 \ \ 

ρίμινον, Snvav, Kapapivov.2 αὐτοῦ ὁ ἐστὶ Kal 

14, most of the editors bracket, following Kramer ; 
Méineke emends to δή. 

2 ἐκβολαί, the reading of all MSS., Jones restores. Kramer, 
Meineke, Miller-Diibner, and others emend to εἰσβολαί. 

5 ὙΠ ΑΙ πΈρ, all editors, for οἷσπερ. 

a, Jones inserts ; ‘Siebenkees and others insert ἅπερ, fol- 
Ἐκ conj. of Casaubon ; Miiller-Diibner insert τε after τῷ ; 
Meineke relegates τῷ ..... Ῥώμης to foot of page, regarding 
it as a gloss. 

5 δ᾽, after ἧττον, Piccolo deletes ; Miiller-Diibner bracket. 

6 Καμάρινον (from correction in B), Jones for καὶ Μάρινον ; 
the editors before Kramer read καὶ Καμάρινον. 


1 Now Lake Chiusi. 2 Now Lake Bracciano, 


368 


GEOGRAPHY, «. 2. 9-10 


Clusium,! and the lake that is nearest Rome and the 
sea—Lake Sabata.2 But the lake that is farthest 
away and that is near Arretium is Trasumenna,? near 
which is the pass by which an army may debouch 
into Tyrrhenia from Celtica,* the very pass which 
Hannibal used;° there are two, however, this one 
and the one towards Ariminum through Ombrica. 
Now the one towards Ariminum is better, since the 
mountains become considerably lower there; and 
yet, since the defiles on this pass were carefully 
guarded, Hannibal was forced to choose the more 
difficult pass, but, for all that, he got control of it, 
after having conquered Flaminius in great battles. 
Furthermore, there are abundant hot springs in 
Tyrrhenia, and, because of the fact that they 
are' near Rome, they have a population not less 
than the springs at Baiae, which are by far the most 
widely renowned of all.® 

10. Alongside Tyrrhenia, on the part toward the 
east, lies Ombrica;’ it takes its beginning at the 
Apennines and extends still farther beyond as far 
as the Adriatic; for it is at Ravenna® that the 
Ombrici begin, and they occupy the nearby territory 
and also, in order thereafter, Sarsina, Ariminum, 
Sena, Camarinum.? Here, too, is the Aesis River, 


3 Now Lake Trasimene. 4 Cisalpine Celtica, of course. 
& Cpe oI: 

6 Cp. 5. 2. 8, on the ‘‘Caeretanian Springs.” 

7 Umbria. & See Sule 11: 


9 The better spelling is ‘‘Camerinum.” But the MSS. 
(see note 6 on opposite page) read ‘‘and Marinum,” which 
would seem to mean what is now San Marino; but this city 
appears not to have been founded until after A.p. 300 and 
its position does not suit the context here. Many of the 
editors, following Ortel, delete ‘‘and Marinum’” as being an 
interpolation. 

369 


VOL. Il. BB 


STRABO 


ὁ Αἷσις ποταμὸς καὶ τὸ Κιγγοῦλον ὄρος καὶ Σεντῖ- 
νον καὶ “Μέταυρος ποταμὸς καὶ τὸ ἱερὸν τῆς Τύχης. 
περὶ γὰρ τούτους τοὺς τόπους ἐστὶ τὰ ὅρια τῆς 
᾿Ιταλίας τῆς πρότερον καὶ τῆς Κελτικῆς κατὰ τὸ 
πρὸς τῇ θαλάττῃ ταύτῃ μέρος, καίπερ μετατι- 
θέντων πολλάκις τῶν ἡγεμόνων. πρότερον μέν γε 
τὸν Αἷσιν ἐποιοῦντο ὅριον, πάλιν δὲ τὸν Ῥουβί- 
κωνα ποταμόν. ἔστι δ᾽ ὁ μὲν Αἶσις μεταξὺ ᾿Αγκῶ- 
\ 7 « \c¢ , Neues) ; \ 
νος καὶ Σήνας, ὁ δὲ Ρουβίκων μεταξὺ Ἀριμίνου. καὶ 
Ῥαουέννης, ἄμφω δ᾽ ἐκπίπτουσιν εἰς τὸν ᾿Αδρίαν. 
νυνὶ δὲ συμπάσης τῆς μέχρι "Αλπεὼν ἀποδει: 
χθείσης ᾿Ιταλίας, τούτους μὲν τοὺς ὅρους ἐᾶν δεῖ; 
τὴν δ᾽ ᾿Ομβρικὴν καθ᾽ αὑτὴν οὐδὲν ἧττον μέχρι 
L Ῥαουέννης ὁμολογοῦσιν ἅπαντες διατείνειν" 
οἰκεῖται γὰρ ὑπὸ τούτων. εἰς μὲν δὴ ᾿Αρίμινον 
3 “ \ / / 2 ἈΝ τὺ 7 
ἐνθένδε περὶ τριακοσίους φασίν, ἐκ δὲ ᾿Αριμίνου 
\ > ee Vonks , Ne \ \ 7 CON \ 
τὴν ἐπὶ Ρώμης ἰόντι κατὰ THY Φλαμινίαν ὁδὸν διὰ 
al 3 a Ψ ς Oy 3 / 2 i 
τῆς ᾿Ομβρικῆς ἅπασα ἡ ὁδός ἐστι μέχρι Oxpi- 
κλων καὶ τοῦ Τιβέρεως σταδίων πεντήκοντα καὶ 
τριακοσίων ἐπὶ τοῖς χιλίοις. τοῦτο μὲν δὴ μῆκος, 
ἊΝ \ / 3 ΄ Υ͂ 2 κα 3 IN τ 
τὸ δὲ πλάτος ἀνώμαλόν ἐστι. πόλεις δ᾽ εἰσὶν αἱ 
ἐντὸς τῶν ᾿Απεννίνων ὀρῶν ἄξιαι λόγου κατ᾽ αὐτὴν 
\ \ / ς \ ¢/ 3 7 \ aA 
μὲν τὴν Φλαμινίαν ὁδὸν οἵ τε ᾽Οκρίκλοι πρὸς τῷ 
Τιβέρει καὶ Λαρόλονι3 καὶ Νάρνα, ov ἧς ῥεῖ ὃ 
Νὰρ ποταμός, συμβάλλων τῷ Τιβέρει μικρὸν ὑπὲρ 
Ὀκρίκλων, πλωτὸς οὐ μεγάλοις σκάφεσιν" εἶτα 


1 αὑτήν, Meineke, for ἥν (others read ἑαυτήν»). 
2 Λάρολον (B) and λάρονι ([). 


1 The Roman name of this city was ‘‘ Fanum Fortunae.” 

* Op, δὲ 1: 11. 

᾿ Take ” is otherwise unknown. It may have been 
the name of some stream that emptied into the Tiber near 


310 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 2. 10 


and Mount Cingulum, and Sentinum, and _ the 
Metaurus River, and the Temple of Fortune.! In- 
deed, it is near these places that the boundary 
between the Italy of former days and Celtica 
passed (I mean the boundary at the part next to 
the Adriatic Sea), albeit the boundary has often 
been changed by the rulers; at least they formerly 
made the Aesis the boundary and then in turn the 
Rubicon.2, The Aesis is between Ancona and Sena, 
the Rubicon between Ariminum and Ravenna, and 
both empty into the Adriatic. But as it is, now 
that the whole of the country as far as the Alps has 
been designated Italy, we should disregard these 
boundaries, but none the less agree, as is agreed by 
all, that Ombrica, properly so-called, extends all the 
way to Ravenna; for Ravenna is inhabited by these 
people. From Ravenna, then, to Ariminum the 
distance is, they say, about three hundred stadia ; 
and if you travel from Ariminum toward Rome 
along the Flaminian Way through Ombrica your 
whole journey, as far as Ocricli and the Tiber, is 
thirteen hundred and fifty stadia. This, then, is 
the length of Ombrica, but the breadth is uneven. 
The cities this side the Apennine Mountains that 
are worthy of mention are: first, on the Flaminian 
Way itself: Ocricli, near the Tiber and Larolon,® 
and Narna,‘ through which the Nar River flows (it 
meets the Tiber a little above Ocricli, and is 
navigable, though only for small boats); then, 


Ocricli, as Cluvier conjectures. The reading of one manu- 
script (see note on the opposite page) means a city by the 
name of ““ Larolum”; but this reading seems more hopeless 
than the other. 

4 That is, Narnia; now Narni. 


C 228 καὶ 


STRABO 


Κάρσουλοι καὶ NESUR Ie Tap ἣν ῥεῖ ὁ Teveas, 
Kal οὗτος ἐλάττοσι σκάφεσι κατάγων ἐπὶ τὸν 
Τίβεριν τὰ ἐκ τοῦ πεδίου" καὶ ἄλλαι δ᾽ εἰσὶ κατοι- 
κίαι διὰ τὴν ὁδὸν πληθυνόμεναι μᾶλλον ἢ διὰ 
πολιτικὸν σύστημα, Φόρον Φλαμίνιον καὶ Neues 
pia, ἡ τὰ ξύλινα ἀγγεῖα ἐργαζομένη, καὶ Φόρον 
Σεμπρώνιον" ἐν δεξιᾷ δὲ τῆς ὁδοῦ βαδίξοντι ἐκ 
τῶν ᾿Οκρίκλων εἰς ᾿Αρίμινον ᾿Ιντέραμνά ἐστι καὶ 
Σπολήτιον καὶ Αἴσιον καὶ ἹΚαμέρτης, ἐν αὐτοῖς 
τοῖς ὁρίζουσι τὴν Πικεντίνην ὄρεσι. Kata δὲ θά- 
τερα μέρη ᾿Αμερία τε καὶ Tovdep, εὐερκὴς * πόλις, 
καὶ σπέλλον 3 καὶ ᾿Ιγούιον,) πλησίον τοῦτο ἤδη 
τῶν ὑπερβολῶν τοῦ ὄρους. ἅπασα δ᾽ εὐδαίμων 
ἡ χώρα, μικρῷ δ᾽ ὀρειοτέρα, ζειᾷ μᾶχλον͵ ἢ πυρῷ 
τοὺς ἀνθρώπους τρέφουσα' ὀρεινὴ δὲ καὶ ἡ Σαβίνη 
ἐφεξῆς οὖσα ταυτῇ, παραβεβλημένη τὸν αὐτὸν 
τρόπον, ὅνπερ αὕτη τῇ Τυρρηνικῇ" καὶ τῆς Λα- 
τίνης δὲ ὅσα πλησιάζει τούτοις τε καὶ τοῖς ᾿Απεν- 
νίνοις “Ὁ τραχύτερά ἐστιν. ἄρχεται μὲν οὖν 
τὰ dvo* ἔθνη ταῦτα ἀπὸ τοῦ Τιβέρεως καὶ τῆς 
Τυρρηνίας, ἐ ἐκτείνεται δὲ ἐπὶ τὰ ᾿Απέννινα ¢ ὄρη πρὸς 
τῷ ᾿Αδρέᾳ λοξὰ παρεμβάλλοντα, ἡ δὲ ᾿Ομβρικὴ 
καὶ παραλλάττουσα, ὡς εἴρηται, μέχρι τῆς θα- 
λάττης. περὶ μὲν οὖν τῶν ᾿Ομβρικῶν εἴρηται. 
εὐερκής, Casaubon, for εὔελκις ; so the later editors. 
Ἱσπέλλον (as in Ptolemaeus 3. 1. 47), Jones, for Εἰσπέλλον. 


᾿Ιγυύιον, Groskurd, for “Irovpoy ; so the later editors. 
δύο, Casaubon, for δέκα ; so the later editors. 


PrP 2 ἢ μ 


1 That is, Carsulae (now Capella San Damiano), not 


Carsioli, 

* That is, Camerinum; the inhabitants of Camerinum 
were often called ‘‘ Camertes, ” and the name of the people, 
as often, is applied to the city itself. 


372 


_ GEOGRAPHY, ς. 2. 10 


Carsuli,! and Mevania, past which flows the Teneas 
(this too brings the products of the plain down to 
the Tiber on rather small boats); and, besides, 
still other settlements, which have become filled up 
with people rather on account of the Way itself 
than of political organisation; these are Forum 
Flaminium, and Nuceria (the place where the 
wooden utensils are made), and Forum Sempronium. 
Secondly, to the right of the Way, as you travel 
from Ocricli to Ariminum, is Interamna, and Spole- 
tium, and Aesium, and Camertes? (in the very 
mountains that mark the boundary of the Picentine 
country);° and, on the other side of the Way, 
Ameria, and Tuder (a well-fortified city), and His- 
pellum, and Iguvium, the last-named lying near 
the passes that lead over the mountain. Now as a 
whole Ombrica is blessed with fertility, though it is 
a little too mountainous and nourishes its people 
with spelt rather than with wheat. The Sabine 
country also, which comes next in order after 
Ombrica, is mountainous, and it lies alongside 
Ombrica in the same way that Ombrica lies along- 
side Tyrrhenia; and further, all parts of the Latin 
country that are near to these parts and to the 
Apennine Mountains are rather rugged. These 
two tribes ὁ begin, then, at the Tiber and Tyrrhenia, 
and extend to that stretch of the Apennine Moun- 
tains near the Adriatic which slants slightly inland,® 
although Ombrica passes on beyond the mountains, 
as 1 have said,® as far as the Adriatic. So much, 
then, for the Ombrici. 


3 Picenum. 4 The Ombrici and the Sabini. 
5 The slant begins opposite Ariminum (see 5, 1, 3). 
OS See 


373 


STRABO 
III 


A lal UA 93 \ A 

1. Σαβῖνοι δὲ στενὴν οἰκοῦσι χώραν, ἐπὶ μῆκος 
\ / \ 7 δ΄ b My A ut / 

δὲ διήκουσαν Kal χιλίων σταδίων ἀπὸ τοῦ Τιβέρεως 
/ / > / / 
καὶ Νωμέντου πολίχνης μέχρις Θὐηστίνων. o- 
2 bd 3 / \ 4 ὃ \ 
Aes δ᾽ ἔχουσιν ὀλίγας καὶ τεταπεινωμένας OL 
\ a / 3 / \ ¢ 4 -Ὄ 
τοὺς συνεχεῖς πολέμους, ᾿Αμίτερνον καὶ Ῥεάτε, ᾧ 


ἐ 


, / \ \ ΄, 
πλησιάξει κώμη ᾿Ιντεροκρέα καὶ τὰ ἐν Κωτιλίαις * 


\ 7 
ψυχρὰ ὕδατα, ad’ ὧν καὶ πίνουσι καὶ ἐγκαθίζοντες 
/ >) STN \ ¢ 
θεραπεύονται νόσους. Σαβίνων δ᾽ εἰσὶ καὶ οἱ 
/ / Nai ee a Δ 
Φορουλοι, πέτραι πρὸς ἀπόστασιν μᾶλλον ἢ κατ- 
A \ a \ fa , 
οἰκίαν εὐφυεῖς. Kupns δὲ viv μὲν κωμίον ἐστίν, 
> \ / > ") > κω “ ἥν n Ῥ / 
ἣν δὲ πόλις ἐπίσημος, ἐξ ἧς ὥρμηντο οἱ τῆς Ρώμης 
βασιλεύσαντες, Τίτος Tatios καὶ Νουμᾶς ἸΠομπί- 
lal ς 
λιίος" ἐντεῦθεν δὲ καὶ Κυρίτας ὀνομάζουσιν οἱ 
, , \ 
δημηγοροῦντες τοὺς Ῥωμαίους. Τρήβουλά τε καὶ 
᾿Ἤρητὸν καὶ ἄλλαι κατοικίαι τοιαῦται κῶμαι oe 
λον ἢ πόλεις ἐξετάζοιντ᾽ av. ἅπασα δ᾽ αὐτῶν ἡ 
n / 3 (A , 2 Δ , 
γῆ διαφερόντως ENaLopuTos ἐστι καὶ ἀμπελόφυτος, 
βάλανόν τε ἐκφέρει πολλήν: σπουδαία δὲ καὶ βο- 
σκήμασι τοῖς τε ἄλλοις, καὶ δὴ τὸ τῶν ἡμιόνων 
an , n 
γένος τῶν Ρεατίνων διωνόμασται θαυμαστῶς. ὡς 
᾽ ᾽ al Ὁ ναὸ τὸν Ὁ 4 7 ᾽ ᾽ὔ 
δ᾽ εἰπεῖν, ἅπασα ἡ ᾿Ιταλία θρεμμάτων τε ἀρίστη 
Ν an 
τροφὸς καὶ καρπῶν ἐστιν, ἄλλα δ᾽ εἴδη κατὰ ἄλλα 
fo ’ 
μέρη τῶν πρωτείων τυγχάνει. ἔστι δὲ καὶ πα- 


1 Κωτιλίαις, Casaubon, for Κωτισκολίαις ; so the later 
editors. 


1 The Latin form of the word is Cutiliae. 


374 


GEOGRAPHY, s. 3.1 
ΠῚ 


1. The country the Sabini live in is narrow, but 
taken lengthwise it reaches even a thousand stadia 
from the Tiber and the little town of Nomentum, 
as far as the country of the Vestini. They have 
but few cities and even these have been brought 
low on account of the continual wars; they are 
Amiternum, and Reate (near which is the village of 
Interocrea, and also the cold springs of Cotiliae,} 
where people cure their diseases,? not only by 
drinking from the springs but also by sitting down 
in them). Foruli ὃ too belongs to the Sabini—a 
rocky elevation naturally suited to the purposes of 
revolt rather than habitation. As for Cures, it is 
now only a small village, but it was once a city of 
significance, since it was the original home of two 
kings of Rome, Titius Tatius and Numa Pompilius ; 
hence, the title ‘“Curites” ὁ by which the public 
orators address the Romans. ‘Trebula, Eretum, and 
other such settlements might be ranked as villages 
rather than cities. As a whole the land of the 
Sabini is exceptionally well-planted with the olive 
and the vine, and it also produces acorns in quan- 
tities; it is important, also, for its domestic cattle 
of every kind; and in particular the fame of the 
Reate-breed of mules is remarkably widespread. In 
a word, Italy as a whole is an excellent nurse both 
of young animals and of fruits, although different 
species in different parts take the first prize. The 


2 Pliny says these waters are drunk as a purgative (31. 32; 
cp. 31. 6). 

3 Now Civitae Tommasa, 

4 In Latin, ‘ Quirites,” 


375 


STRABO 


/ / id > “Ὁ \ el ’ Id θ 
λαιότατον γένος οἱ Σαβῖνοι καὶ ov! αὐτόχθονες" 
rn 7 n 
τούτων δ᾽ ἄποικοι Πικεντῖνοί τε καὶ Σαυνῖται, Tov- 
\ , ΄ \ , ; \ » 
των δὲ Λευκανοί, τούτων δὲ Βρέττιοι: τὴν ὃ 
/ 
ἀρχαιότητα “ τεκμήριον ἄν TLS ποιήσαιτο ἀνδρείας 
n ἊΝ εν δ 
καὶ τῆς ἄλλης ἀρετῆς ὃ ἀφ᾽ ἧς ἀντέσχον μέχρι 
/ / N ee 
πρὸς Tov παρόντα χρόνον. φησὶ δ᾽ ὁ συγγραφεὺς 
Φάβιος Ῥωμαίους αἰσθέσθαι τοῦ πλούτου τότε 
nr « al 7 φᾷ 
πρῶτον, ὅτε τοῦ ἔθνους τούτου κατέστησαν κύριοι. 
” δὲ δι b a 4 4 > / ἡδὸ 3 
ἔστρωται δὲ δι’ αὐτῶν ἥ τε αλαρία ὁδὸς οὐ 
πολλὴ οὖσα, εἰς ἣν καὶ ἡ Νωμεντανὴ συμπίπτει 
᾿ Ἢ A an > / / ς ‘Sy lal yy / 
κατὰ Hpntov, τῆς Σαβίνης κώμην ὑπὲρ τοῦ Τιβέ- 
n na VA Ξ 
ρεως κειμένην, ὑπὲρ τῆς αὐτῆς πύλης ἀρχομένη 
τῆς Κολλίνης. 
an >] ᾿ nA a 
2. “Ἑξῆς δ᾽ ἡ Λατίνη κεῖται, ἐν ἡ καὶ ἡ TO 


\ a \ 


“Ῥωμαίων πόλις, πολλὰς συνειληφυῖα καὶ τῆς μὴ 


΄- 


1 οἱ, Meineke deletes. 

2 χὴν δ᾽ ἀρχαιότητα, Groskurd, Kramer, and Miiller-Diibner 
suspect, thinking Strabo wrote genitive case. 

3 ἀνδρείας. . . ἀρετῆς, Groskurd and Kramer would emend 
to ace, case. 

4 re, Corais stars ; Meineke deletes; wrongly. 

5 For ὑπέρ, Corais reads ἀπό; so the later editors. ὑπέρ 15 
not at all objectionable ; it does not deny the fact that the 
Via Salaria begins at the gate. 


1 See 5. 4. 2. 2 See 6. 1. 9, 

3 Bruttii. 4 See 6. 1. 4. 

> The old-fashioned simplicity and sternness of the Sabine 
race was proverbial (see 4. 2. 12, Martial’s Epigrams 10. 32, 
11. 15, Horace’s Odes 3. 6. 38, Epistles 2. 1. 25, Ovid’s Meta- 
morphoses 14.797). And. because of these qualities they were 
by some writers regarded as having originally come from 
Laconia (Dionysius Hal., Antig. Rom., 1. 1, Justinius 20. 1). 
Others, by emending s‘x words of the text (see critical notes 
2 and 3 above) make Strabo say; ‘‘And the bravery and 
310 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 3. 1-2 


Sabini not only are a very ancient race but are also 
the indigenous inhabitants (and both the Picentini 
and the Samnitae are colonists from the Sabini,! 
and the Leucani from the Samnitae,? and the Brettii 3 
from the Leucani).4 And the old-fashioned ways of 
the Sabini might be taken as an evidence of bravery, 
and of those other excellent qualities which have 
enabled them to hold out to the present time.? 
Fabius, the historian, says that the Romans realised 
their wealth for the first time when they became 
established as masters of this tribe. As for the 
roads that have been constructed through their 
country, there is not only the Via Salaria (though 
it does not run far) but also the Via Nomentana 
which unites with it at Eretum ® (a village of the 
Sabine country, situated beyond the Tiber), though 
it begins above the same gate, Porta Collina.’ 

2. Next comes the Latin country, in which the 
city of the Romans is situated, though it now com- 
prises also many cities of what was formerly non- 


those other excellent qualities which have enabled them to 
hold out to the present time might be taken as an evidence 
of their antiquity.” 

6 Augustus extended the highway to the Adriatic in 
17 Β.σ. Strabo seems to avoid applying either ‘‘ Via 
Salaria” or ‘‘ Via Nomentana” to the extension of the 
road, although obviously he has in mind the entire journey, 
as ‘‘through their country” shows. There seems to be no 
evidence in the ancient writers for the assumption of Kramer 
that ‘‘ Via Salaria” applied to the whole journey; and the 
clause ‘‘though it does not run far,” which he believes 
should be placed after ‘‘ Via Nomentana,” denies it. Here, 
as often, Strabo’s conciseness has caused the commentators 
no little worry. 

7 The Porta Collina was the gate of the Servian wall at 
the north-eastern end of the Quirinal, 


377 


Ο 229 


STRABO 


"Λατίνης πρότερον. Aixot γὰρ καὶ Οὐόλσκοι καὶ 
Bite ‘A Bopuyives : τε οἱ περὶ αὐτὴν τὴν “Ρώμην 

“ῬΡουτοῦλοι οἱ τὴν ἀρχαίαν ᾿Αρδέαν ἔχοντες 
καὶ ἄλλα συστήματα μείζω καὶ ἐλάττω τὰ πέρι- 
οἰκοῦντα τοὺς τότε “Ῥωμαίους. ὑπῆρξαν, ἡνίκα 
πρῶτον ἔκτιστο ἡ πόλις" ὧν ἔνια κατὰ κώμας 
αὐτονομεῖσθαι συνέβαινεν, ὑπ᾽ οὐδενὶ κοινῷ φύλῳ 
τεταγμένα. φασὶ δὲ Αἰνείαν μετὰ τοῦ πατρὸς 
᾿Αγχίσου καὶ τοῦ παιδὸς ᾿Ασκανίου κατάραντας 
εἰς Λαύρεντον τῆς πλησίον τῶν ᾿Ὡστίων καὶ τοῦ 
Τιβέρεως ἠιόνος, μικρὸν ὑπὲρ τῆς θαλάττης, ὅσον 
ἐν τέτταρσι καὶ εἴκοσι σταδίοις, κτίσαι πόλιν' 
ἐπελθόντα δὲ Λατῖνον τὸν τῶν ᾿Αβοριγίνων βασι- 
λέα τῶν οἰκούντων τὸν τόπον τοῦτον ὅπου νῦν ἡ 
“Ῥώμη ἐστί, συμμάχοις χρήσασθαι τοῖς περὶ τὸν 
Αἰνείαν ἐπὶ τοὺς γειτονεύοντας “Ῥουτούλους τοὺς 
"A pdéav κατέχοντας (στάδιοι. δ᾽ εἰσὶν ἀπὸ τῆς 
᾿Αρδέας εἰς τὴν “Ῥώμην ἑκατὸν ἑξήκοντα), νική- 
σαντα δ᾽ ἀπὸ τῆς θυγατρὸς Λαουινίας ἐπώνυμον 
κτίσαι πλησίον TON" πάλιν δὲ τῶν ἹΡουτούλων 
συμβαλόντων εἰς μάχην, τὸν μὲν Λατῖνον πεσεῖν, 
τὸν δὲ Αἰνείαν νικήσαντα, βασιλεῦσαι καὶ Λατί- 
νους καλέσαι τοὺς UP αὑτῷ. καὶ τούτου δὲ τελευ- 
τήσαντος καὶ τοῦ πατρός, τὸν ᾿Ασκάνιον ἼΑλβαν 
κτίσαι ἐν τῷ ᾿Αλβάνῳ ὄρει, διέχοντι τῆς Ῥώμης 
τοσοῦτον, ὅσον καὶ ἡ ᾿Αρδέα. ἐνταῦθα Ρωμαῖοι 
σὺν τοῖς Λατίνοις Διὶ θύουσιν, ἅπασα ἡ συν- 
αρχία ἀθροισθεῖσα" τῇ πόλει δ ἐφίστησιν | ἄρ- 
χοντα πρὸς τὸν τῆς θυσίας χρόνον τῶν γνωρίμων 
τινὰ νέων. ὕστερον δὲ τετρακοσίοις ἔτεσιν (aTO- 


1 ἐφίστησιν, the reading of the MSS., Jones restores 
Groskurd and the later editors read ἐφιστᾶσιν, 


378 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 5. 2 


Latin country. For the Αθοὶ,1 the Volsci, the 
Hernici, and also the aborigines who lived near 
Rome itself, the Rutuli who held the old Ardea, 
and other groups, greater or less, who lived near 
the Romans of that time, were all in existence when 
the city was first founded; and some of these 
groups, since they were ranked under no common 
tribe, used to be allowed to live autonomously in 
separate villages. It is said that Aeneas, along with 
his father Anchises and his son Ascanius, after 
putting in at Laurentum, which was on the shore 
near Ostia and the Tiber, founded a city a little 
above the sea, within about twenty-four stadia from 
it; and Latinus, the king of the aborigines, who 
lived in this place where Rome now is, on making 
them a visit, used Aeneas and his people as allies 
against the neighbouring Rutuli who occupied 
Ardea (the distance from Ardea to Rome is one 
hundred and sixty stadia), and after his victory 
founded a city near by, naming it after his daughter 
Lavinia; and when the Rutatt joined battle again, 
Latinus fell, but Aeneas was victorious, became 
king, and called his subjects “ Latini’’; and after 
the death of both Aeneas and his father Anchises, 
Ascanius founded Alba on Mount Albanus, which 
Mount is the same distance from Rome as Ardea. 
Here the Romans in company with the Latini—I 
mean the joint assembly of all their magistrates— 
offered sacrifice to Zeus; and the assembly put one 
of the young nobles in charge of the city as governor 
for the time of the sacrifice. But it is four hundred 


1 The proper Latin spelling is ‘‘ Aequi’’; and so Strabo 
himself spells the word in 5. 3. 4 


379 


STRABO 


ρεῖται τὰ περὶ ᾿Αμόλλιον Kal τὸν ἀδελφὸν Novpi- 
τορα, τὰ μὲν μυθώδη, τὰ δ᾽ ἐγγυτέρω πίστεως. 
διεδέξαντο μὲν γὰρ τὴν τῆς Λλβας ἀρχὴν ἀμφό- 
τεροι παρὰ τῶν ἀπογόνων τοῦ ᾿Ασκανίου, διατεί- 
'νουσαν μέχρι τοῦ Τιβέρεως: παραγκωνισάμενος 
δ᾽ ὁ νεώτερος τὸν πρεσβύτερον ἦρχεν ὁ ᾿Αμόλλιος, 
υἱοῦ δ᾽ ὄντος καὶ θυγατρὸς τῷ Νουμίτορι, τὸν μὲν 
ἐν κυνηγίᾳ δολοφονεῖ, τὴν δέ, ἵνα ἄτεκνος διαμείνῃ, 
τῆς ᾿στίας ἱέρειαν κατέστησε, παρθενείας χάριν" 
καλοῦσι δ᾽ αὐτὴν Ῥέαν Σιλβίαν" 1 εἶτα φθορὰν 
φωράσας, διδύμων αὐτῇ παίδων γενομένων, τὴν 
μὲν εἶρξεν 5 ἀντὶ τοῦ κτείνειν, χαριζόμενος τἀδελ- 
po, τοὺς δ᾽ ἐξέθηκε πρὸς τὸν Τίβεριν κατά τι 
πάτριον. μυθεύεται μὲν οὖν €&"Apews γενέσθαι 
τοὺς παῖδας, ἐκτεθέντας δ᾽ ὑπὸ λυκαίνης ὁραθῆναι 
σκυλακευομένους" Φαυστύλον δέ τινα τῶν περὶ 
τὸν τόπον συφορβῶν ἀνελόμενον ἐκθρέψαι (δεῖ δ᾽ 
ὑπολαβεῖν τῶν δυνατῶν τινα, ὑπηκόων δὲ τῷ 
᾿Αμολλίῳ, λαβόντα ἐκθρέψαι), καλέσαι δὲ τὸν μὲν 
“Ῥωμύλον, τὸν δὲ Ρῶμον. ἀνδρωθέντας δ᾽ ἐπιθέ- 
σθαι τῷ ᾿Αμολλίῳ καὶ τοῖς παισί, καταλυθέντων 
δ᾽ ἐκείνων καὶ τῆς ἀρχῆς εἰς τὸν Νουμίτορα περι- 
στάσης, ἀπελθόντας οἴκαδε κτίσαι τὴν Ῥώμην 
ἐν τόποις οὐ πρὸς αἵρεσιν μᾶλλον ἢ πρὸς ἀνάγκην 

1 Σιλβίαν, the reading of ABC/ (so Meineke); the Zpit. has 
Σιλουίαν. 

2 εἴρξεν, Corais, for ἦρξεν ; so the later editors. 

3 μυθεύεται, Meineke following Spengel, for μυθεύονται. 

4 Kramer finds the form Ῥέμον in the pit. and so reads ; 


so Miiller-Diibner. But ABC] read Ῥῶμον (cp. the reading 
Ῥέμον a few lines later on). aa 


380 


GEOGRAPHY, s. 3. 2 


years later that the stories about Amollius? and _ his 
brother Numitor are placed—stories partly fabulous 
but partly closer to the truth. In the first place, 
both brothers succeeded to the rule of Alba (which 
extended as far as the Tiber) from the descendants 
of Ascanius; but Amollius, the younger, elbowed 
the elder out and reigned alone; but since Numitor 
had a son and a daughter, Amollius treacherously 
murdered the son while on a hunt, and appointed 
the daughter, in order that she might remain child- 
less, a priestess of Vesta, so as to keep her a virgin 
(she is called Rhea Silvia); then, on discovering 
that she had been ruined (for she gave birth to 
twins), instead of killing her, he merely incarcerated 
her, to gratify his brother, and exposed the twins 
on the banks of the Tiber in accordance with an 
ancestral custom. In mythology, however, we are 
told that the boys were begotten by Ares, and that 
after they were exposed people saw them being 
suckled by a she-wolf; but Faustulus, one of the 
swineherds near the place, took them up and 
reared them (but we must assume that it was some 
influential man, a subject of Amollius, that took them 
and reared them), and called one Romulus and the 
other Romus;? and upon reaching manhood they 
attacked Amollius and his sons, and upon the defeat 
of the latter and the reversion of the rule to 
Numitor, they went back home and founded Rome 
—in a place which was suitable more as a matter 


1 The Latin spelling is ‘‘ Amulius.” 

* The best MSS. here read ‘*Romus,” not Remus, 
though the reverse is true in the use of the word later on; 
yet note that Strabo is now quoting the mythical version 
of the story. 


281 


STRABO 


C 230 ἐπιτηδείοις" οὔτε γὰρ ἐρυμνὸν τὸ ἔδαφος οὔτε χώραν 
οἰκείαν ἔχον τὴν πέριξ ὅση πόλει πρόσφορος, ἀλλ᾽ 
οὐδ᾽ ἀνθρώπους τοὺς συνοικήσοντας" οἱ γὰρ ὄντες 
ὠκουν καθ᾽ αὑτούς, συνάπτοντές Tas? τοῖς τεί- 
χεσι τῆς κτιζομένης πόλεως, οὐδὲ τοῖς ᾿Αλβανοῖς 
πάνυ προσέχοντες. Κολλατία δ᾽ ἣν καὶ ᾿Αντέμναι 
καὶ Φιδῆναι καὶ Λαβικὸν τ ἄλλα τοιαῦτα τότε 
μὲν πολίχνια, νῦν δὲ κῶμαι, ἢ" κτήσεις ἰδιωτῶν, ἀπὸ 
τριάκοντα ἢ" μικρῷ πλειόνων τῆς Ῥώμης σταδίων. 
μεταξὺ γοῦν τοῦ πέμπτου καὶ τοῦ ἕκτου λίθου τῶν 
τὰ μίλια διασημαινόντων τῆς Ῥώμης καλεῖται 
τόπος Φῆστοι. τοῦτον δ᾽ ὅριον ἀποφαίνουσι τῆς 
τότε Ρωμαίων γῆς, οἵ θ᾽ ἱερομνήμονες θυσίαν ἐπιτε- 
λοῦσιν ἐνταῦθά τε καὶ ἐν ἄλλοις τόποις πλείοσιν 
ὡς ὁρίοις αὐθημερόν, ἣν καλοῦσιν ᾿Αμβαρουίαν. 
γενομένης δ᾽ οὖν στάσεώς φασι κατὰ τὴν κτίσιν 
ἀναιρεθῆναι τὸν Ῥέμον μετὰ δὲ τὴν κτίσιν 
ἀνθρώπους σύγκλυδας ὁ Ῥωμύλος ἤθροιξεν, ἀπο- 
δείξας ἄσυλόν τι τέμενος μεταξὺ τῆς ἄκρας καὶ 
τοῦ Καπετωλίου, τοὺς δ᾽ ἐκεῖ καταφεύγοντας τῶν 

1 MS. A is lacking from αὑτούς to τούτοις near end of 
paragraph 5. 4. 3, a whole quaternion being lost. 

πως, Letronne, for πρός ; so the later editors. 

%, before κτήσεις, Jones inserts. 

τεσσαράκοντα (u’) after #, Corais deletes; so Meineke. 


The reading of BCi is πρένιον (ρῶμον sec. hand. in B) ; 
Meineke reads Ῥῶμον both here and in preceding instance. 


iw] 


o mm & 


ἐ See 5. 3. 7. 2 See 5. 3. 7. on this point. 

3 Strabo almost certainly means the ‘‘ Arvales Fratres” 
(“΄ Field-Brothers ἢ), so-called, according to Varro (De Ling. 
Lat. 5. 85), from their offering public sacrifices that the 
fields (arva) may bring forth fruits. The ‘ Arvales Fratres” 
was a college of twelve priests, which, according to Roman 
legend (cp. Gellius 7. 7), originated with Romulus himself. 
The college was still in existence in A.D. 325. 


382 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 3. 2 


of necessity than of choice; for neither was the 
site naturally strong, nor did it have enough land 
of its own in the surrounding territory to meet 
the requirements of a city,? nor yet, indeed, people 
to join with the Romans as inhabitants; for the 
people who lived thereabouts were wont to dwell 
by themselves (though their territory almost joined 
the walls of the city that was being founded), not 
even paying much attention to the Albani them- 
selves. And there was Collatia, and Antemnae, and 
Fidenae, and Labicum, and other such places—then 
little cities, but now mere villages, or else estates 
of private citizens—all at a distance from Rome of 
thirty stadia, or a little more. At any rate, between 
the fifth and the sixth of those stones which in- 
dicate the miles from Rome there is a place called 
“ Festi,” and this, it is declared, is a boundary of 
what was then the Roman territory; and, further, 
the priests? celebrate sacrificial festivals, called 
“ Ambarvia,’ * on the same day, both there and at 
several other places, as being boundaries. Be this as 
it may, a quarrel arose at the time of the founding 
of the city, and as a result Remus was slain. After 
the founding Romulus set about collecting a promis- 
cuous rabble by designating as an asylum a sacred 
precinct between the Arx and the Capitolium,® and 
by declaring citizens all the neighbours who fled 

4 In Latin, ‘‘ Ambarvalia” ; so called from the leading of 
the sacrificial victims ‘‘ round the fields.” The festival took 
place May 27, 29 and 30 (Roman calendar). 

ὅν Livy 1.1, 

δ The northern and southern summits, respectively, of 
the Capitoline Hill. The depression between the two summits 
(each in early times covered by a grove) was called ‘‘ Inter 


Duos Lucos” (cp. Livy 1. 8), and was the traditional site of 
“ΠῊ 6 Asylum of Romulus.”’ 


383 


STRABO 


ἀστυγειτόνων πολίτας ἀποφαίνων. ἐπιγαμίας δὲ 
τούτοις οὐ τυγχάνων ἐπηγγείλατο ἕνα ἀγῶνα ἱπ- 
πικὸν τοῦ ἸΠοσειδῶνος ἱερόν, τὸν καὶ νῦν ἐπιτε- 
λούμενον. συνελθόντων δὲ πολλῶν, πλείστων δὲ 
Σαβίνων, ἐκέλευσε τὰς παρθένους ἁρπάσαι τὰς 
ἀφιγμένας τοῖς δεομένοις γάμου" μετιὼν δὲ τὴν 
ὕβριν Τίτος Τάτιος δι᾽ ὅπλων, 0 βασιλεὺς τῶν 
Κυριτῶν, ἐ ἐπὶ κοινωνίᾳ τῆς ἀρχῆς καὶ πολιτείας ' 
συνέβη πρὸς τὸν Ῥωμύλον' δολοφονηθέντος δ᾽ ἐν 
Λαουινίῳ τοῦ Τατίου, μόνος ἦρξεν ἑκόντων τῶν 
Κυριτῶν͵ ὁ Ῥωμύλος. μετὰ δὲ τοῦτον διεδέξατο 
τὴν ἀρχὴν Νουμᾶς Πομπίλιος, πολίτης τοῦ Τα- 
τίου, παρ᾽ ἑκόντων λαβὼν τῶν ὑπηκόων. αὕτη 
μὲν οὖν ἡ μάλιστα πιστευομένη τῆς Ρώμης κτίσις 
ἐστίν. 

3. "AXA δέ τις προτέρα καὶ μυθώδης, ᾿Αρκαδι- 
κὴν λέγουσα γενέσθαι τὴν ἀποικίαν ὑπ᾽ Εὐάνδρου" 
τούτῳ δ᾽ ἐπιξενωθῆναι τὸν Ἡρακλέα, ἐλαύνοντα 
τὰς Γηρυόνου Bods: πυθόμενον δὲ τῆς μητρὸς 
Νικοστράτης τὸν Ἰυὔανδρον (εἶναι. δ᾽ αὐτὴν μαντι- 
κῆς ἔμπειρον) ὅτι τῷ Ἡρακλεῖ πεπρωμένον ἣν 
τελέσαντι τοὺς ἄθλους θεῷ γενέσθαι, φράσαι τε 
πρὸς τὸν Ἡρακλέα ταῦτα, καὶ τέμενος ἀναδεῖξαι 
καὶ θῦσαι θυσίαν ᾿Ελληνικήν, ἣν καὶ νῦν ἔτι 
φυλάττεσθαι τῷ Ἡρακλεῖ. καὶ ὅ γε ΚΚοίλιος,’ 
0 τῶν Ῥωμαίων συγγραφεύς, τοῦτο τίθεται σημεῖον 
τοῦ Ἑλληνικὸν εἰναι κτίσμα τὴν Ῥώμην, τὸ map 
αὐτῇ τὴν πάτριον θυσίαν ᾿Βλληνικὴν εἶναι τῷ 
Hae καὶ τὴν μητέρα δὲ τοῦ Εὐάνδρου 


1 πολιτείας, the Epit., for πολιτείᾳ; so Kramer and later 
editors. 


2 Κοίλιος, Kramer,for Κύλιος ; so the later editors. 


384 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 3. 2-3 


thither for refuge. But since he could not obtain 
the right of intermarriage for these, he announced 
one horse-race, sacred to Poseidon, the rite that is 
still to-day performed ; and when numerous people, 
but mostly Sabini, had assembled, he bade all who 
wanted a wife to seize the maidens who had come to 
the race. Titus Tatius, the king of the Curites, went 
to avenge! the outrage by force of arms, but com- 
promised with Romulus on the basis of partnership 
in the throne and state. But Tatius was treacherously 
murdered in Lavinium, and then Romulus, with the 
consent of the Curites, reigned alone. After Romulus, 
Numa Pompilius, a fellow-citizen of Tatius, succeeded 
to the throne, receiving it from his subjects by 
their own choice. This, then, is the best accredited 
story of the founding of Rome. 

3. But there is another one, older and fabulous, in 
which we are told that Rome was an Arcadian colony 
and founded by Evander:—When Heracles was 
driving the cattle of Geryon he was entertained by 
Evander; and since Evander had learned from his 
mother Nicostrate (she was skilled in the art of 
divination, the story goes) that Heracles was destined 
to become a god after he had finished his labours, he 
not only told this to Heracles but also consecrated to 
him a precinct and offered a sacrifice to him after 
the Greek ritual, which is still to this day kept up in 
honour of Heracles. And Coelius himself,? the 
Roman historian, puts this down as proof that 
Rome was founded by Greeks—the fact that at 
Rome the hereditary sacrifice to Heracles is after 
the Greek ritual. And the Romans honour also the 


ΟΡ. Ov oe, Pe 2 Lucius Coelius Antipater. 


0) ἐπι ἀμ.» 385 
VOL, 11. Ge 


STRABO 


τιμῶσι Ῥωμαῖοι, μίαν τῶν νυμφῶν νομίσαντες, 
Καρμέντιν 4 “μετονομασθεῖσαν. 

C 231 4. Oi δ᾽ οὖν Λατῖνοι κατ᾽ ἀρχὰς μὲν ἦσαν ὀλίγοι, 
καὶ οἱ πλείους οὐ προσεῖχον Ῥωμαίοις: ὕστερον 
δὲ “καταπλαγέντες τὴν ἀρετὴν τοῦ τε Ῥωμύλου 
καὶ τῶν μετ᾽ ἐκεῖνον βασιλέων ὑπήκοοι πάντες 
ὑπῆρξαν. καταλυθέντων δὲ τῶν τε Αἰκούων καὶ 
τῶν Οὐόλσκων καὶ ‘Epvixoy, ἔτι δὲ πρότερον Ῥου- 
τούλων τε καὶ ᾿Αβοριγίνων, (πρὸς δὲ τούτοις Ῥαι- 
κῶν, καὶ ᾿Αργυρούσκων δέ τινες καὶ Πρεφέρνων τ) 
ἡ τούτων χώρα Λατίνη προσηγόρευται πᾶσα. ἦν 
δὲ τῶν Οὐόλσκων τὸ Hones πεδίον, ὅμορον 
τοῖς Λατίνοις, καὶ πόλις ᾿Απίολα," ἣν κατέσκαψε 
Ταρκύνιος Πρίσκος. Αἴκουοι δὲ γειτονεύονται 
μάλιστα τοῖς Κυρίταις, καὶ τούτων δ᾽ ἐκεῖνος τὰς 
πόλεις ἐξεπόρθησεν. ὁ δὲ υἱὸς αὐτοῦ τὴν Σούεσσαν 
εἷλε τὴν μητρόπολιν τῶν Οὐόλσκων. “Ἔρνικοι δὲ. 
πλησίον ὠκουν τῷ τε Λανουίῳ 3 καὶ τῇ Δλβᾳ καὶ 
αὐτῇ τῇ Ῥώμῃ: οὐκ ἄπωθεν δ᾽ οὐδ᾽ ᾿Αρικία καὶ 
Τελλῆναι καὶ “Avtiov. ᾿Αλβανοὴὶ δὲ κατ᾽ ἀρχὰς 
μὲν ὡμονόουν τοῖς Ρωμαίοις, ὁμογλωσσοί τε ὄντες 


1 Corais and Meineke emend Καρμέντιν to Καρμέντην. 

" πρὸς. . . Πρεφέρνων, Kramer, Meineke and other editors 
suspect to have crept in from the margin; Meineke relegates 
the words to the foot of the page; see notes on opposite 
page. 

3 ᾿Απίολα Xylander, for ’EwioAa; so the later editors. 
4 Λανουίῳ, Kramer, for Λαουινίῳ ; so the later editors. 
5 *Apixia, Xylander, for ’Apxia; so the later editors. 


1 Thus Virgil (8. 336) spells her name; but the usual 
spelling was ‘‘ Carmenta” (cp. Livy 1. 7. and Dionysius, Antiq. 
kiom. 1. 32). 

2 The “ Aeci”’ of 5. 3. 2. 


386 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 3. 3-4 


mother of Evander, regarding her as one of the 
nymphs, although her name has been changed to 
Carmentis.1 

4. Be that as it may, the Latini at the outset were 
few in number and most of them would pay no 
attention to the Romans; but later on, struck with 
amazement at the prowess both of Romulus and of 
the kings who came after him, they all became 
subjects. And after the overthrow of the Aequi,? 
of the Volsci, and of the Hernici, and, still before 
that, of both the Rutuli and the aborigines (and 
besides these, certain of the Rhaeci,? as also of the 
Argyrusci+ and the Preferni),5 the whole country 
that belonged to these peoples was called Latium. 
The Pomptine Plain, on the confines of the Latini, 
and the city of Apiola, which was destroyed by 
Tarquinius Priscus, used to belong to the Volsci. 
The Aequi are the nearest neighbours of the 
Curites ; their cities, too, were sacked by Tarquinius 
Priscus; and his son captured Suessa, the metropolis 
of the Volsci. The MHernici used to live near 
Lanuvium, Alba, and Rome itself; and Aricia, 
also, and Tellenae and Antium were not far away. 
At the outset the Albani lived in harmony with the 
Romans, since they spoke the same language and 


3 “*Rhaeci,” otherwise unknown, is probably a corruption 
of ‘‘ Aricini,” the inhabitants of Aricia, the city to which 
Strabo refers in this paragraph and also in 5. 3. 12. 

4 ** Argyrusci,” otherwise unknown, is probably a cor- 
ruption of ‘f Aurunci” (cp. Livy 2. 16, 17, 26 and Dionysius, 
Antiq. Rom. 6. 32, 37). 

5 By ‘‘Preferni” Strabo almost certainly refers to the 
Privernates, whose city was Privernum, now in ruins near 
Piperno. 


387 


STRABO 


\ A - 7 re ͵ \ 3 le 
καὶ Λατῖνοι, βασιλευόμενοι δ᾽ ἑκάτεροι χωρὶς ἐτύγ- 
3, Ὁ > / 3 
χανον' οὐδὲν δ᾽ ἧττον ἐπιγαμίαι τε ἦσαν πρὸς 
x Χ 7 \ U4 : 
ἀλλήλους Kal ἱερὰ κοινὰ τὰ ἐν "“AXBa Kal ἄλλα 
7 Ψ, 7 
δίκαια πολιτικά: ὕστερον δὲ πολέμου συστάντος 
/ \ A e A € ᾽ 
ἡ μὲν “AXBa κατεσκάφη πλὴν τοῦ ἱεροῦ, οἱ ὃ 
i a , \ n 
᾿Αλβανοὶ πολῖται Ῥωμαίων ἐκρίθησαν. Kal TOV 
» a a / if ¢ \ 9 Ψ 
ἄλλων δὲ τῶν περιοικίδων πόλεων αἱ μὲν ἀνηρέ- 
ς \ >) ΄ 3 ἴω x \ 
θησαν, ai δὲ ἐταπεινώθησαν ἀπειθοῦσαι, τινὲς δὲ 
\ 9 7 \ \ BA \ Ni 9 ¢€ 
καὶ ηὐξήθησαν διὰ τὴν εὔνοιαν. νυνὶ μὲν οὖν ἡ 
/ f / / 3 Ἂς A 9 Whe 
παραλία μέχρι πόλεως Σινοέσσης ἀπὸ TOV Ootiov 
/ a / \ / “ ’ 
Λατίνη καλεῖται, πρότερον δὲ μέχρι τοῦ ἹΚιρκαίου 
, 7 \ ’ὔ \ an , 
μόνον ἐσχήκει τὴν ἐπίδοσιν" Kal τῆς μεσογαίας δὲ 
\ , 
πρότερον μὲν οὐ πολλή, ὕστερον δε Kal μέχρι 
/ / la) X ig 
Καμπανίας διέτεινε καὶ Σαυνιτῶν καὶ Ἰ]ελίγνων 
\ / lal ΝΣ / VA 
Kal ἄλλων τῶν τὸ ᾿Απέννινον κατοικούντων. 
\ , \ / 
ὅ. ἽΛπασα δ᾽ ἐστὶν εὐδαίμων καὶ παμφόρος 
\ 9~ / 7, la \ \ 7 
πλὴν ὀλίγων χωρίων τῶν κατὰ τὴν παραλίαν, 
Ψ ς , \ 7 - \ A > τι \ 
ὅσα ἑλώδη Kal νοσερά, οἷα τὰ τῶν ᾿Αρδεατῶν καὶ 
\ A 5 Me Ν / VA , 
Ta μεταξὺ Avtiov καὶ Aavoviov μέχρε Ilwperti- 
“ / 4 \ an 
vou καί τινων τῆς Σητίνης χωρίων Kal τῆς περὶ 
, \ \ an Ὰ ἡ 5 \ \ 
Tappaxivav καὶ τὸ Κιρκαῖον, ἢ εἴ τινα ὀρεινὰ καὶ 
, \ a ἊΣ 3 t » \ » Ὁ) 
πετρώδη" καὶ ταῦτα οὐ τελέως ἀργὰ οὐδ 
\ \ ἢ Aes 
ἄχρηστα, ἀλλὰ νομὰς παρέχει δαψιλεῖς ἢ ὕλην ἢ 
7 id 7, XA , \ \ ¥ 
καρπούς τινας ἑλείους ἢ πετραίους" τὸ δὲ Kaixou- 
e an / 5 ΓΑ / Ἂν 
βον, ἑλῶδες ὄν, εὐοινοτάτην ἄμπελον τρέφει, τὴν 


1 That is, the tree-climbing vine. 


388 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 3. 4-5 


were Latini, and though they were each, as it 
happened, ruled by kings, separate and apart, none 
the less they not only had the right of intermarriage 
with one another, but also held sacrifices—those at 
Alba—and other political rights in common ; later on, 
however, war arose between them, with the result 
that all Alba was destroyed except the temple, and 
that the Albani were adjudged Roman citizens. As 
for the other neighbouring cities, some of them too 
were destroyed, and others humiliated, for their dis- 
obedience, while some were made even stronger than 
they were because of their loyalty. Now at the 
present time the seaboard is called Latium from 
Ostia as far as the city of Sinuessa, but in earlier 
times Latium had extended its seaboard only as far 
as Cireaeum. Further, in earlier times Latium did 
not include much of the interior, but later on it 
extended even as far as Campania and the Samnitae 
and the Peligni and other peoples who inhabit the 
Apennines. 

5. All Latium is blest with fertility and produces 
everything, except for a few districts that are on the 
seaboard—I mean all those districts that are marshy 
and sickly (such as those of the Ardeatae, and those 
between Antium and Lanuvium as far as the Pomp- 
tine Plain, and certain districts in the territory of 
Setia and the country round about Tarracina and 
the Circaeum), or any districts that are perhaps 
mountainous and rocky; and yet even these are not 
wholly untilled or useless, but afford rich pasture 
grounds, or timber, or certain fruits that grow in 
marshy or rocky ground (the Caecuban Plain, 
although marshy, supports a vine that produces the 
best of wine, I mean the tree-vine).! The seaboard 


389 


Ο 232 


STRABO 


δενδρῖτιν. πόλεις δ᾽ ἐπὶ θαλάττῃ μὲν τῶν Λατί- 
vov εἰσὶ τά Te "Ὥστια, πόλις ἀλίμενος διὰ τὴν 
πρόσχωσιν ἣν ὁ Τίβερις παρασκευάζει, πληρού- 
μενος ἐκ πολλῶν “ποταμῶν. παρακινδύνως μὲν 
οὖν ὁρμίξονται μετέωρα ἐν τῷ σάλῳ τὰ ναυκλήρια, 
τὸ μέντοι λυσιτελὲς νικᾷ' καὶ γὰρ ἡ τῶν ὑπηρε- 
τικῶν σκαφῶν εὐπορία τῶν ἐκδεχομένων τὰ φορτία 
καὶ ἀντιφορτιζόντων ταχὺν ποιεῖ τὸν ἀπόπλουν 
πρὶν ἢ τοῦ ποταμοῦ ἅψασθαι, ἢ ἢ ἐκ μέρους ἀπο- 
κουφισθέντα ' εἰσπλεῖ καὶ ἀνάγεται μέχρι τῆς 
“Ῥώμης, σταδίους ἑκατὸν ἐνενήκοντα. κτίσμα δ᾽ 
ἐστὶ τὰ "Ὥστια “Ayxou Μαρκίου. αὕτη μὲν ἡ 
πόλις τοιαύτη. ἑξῆς δ᾽ ἐστὶν "Αντίον, ἀλίμενος 
καὶ αὐτὴ πόλις" ἵδρυται δ᾽ ἐπὶ πέτραις, διέχει δὲ 
τῶν ᾿Ὡστίων “περὶ διακοσίους ἑξήκοντα σταδίους. 
νυνὶ μὲν οὖν ἀνεῖται τοῖς ἡγεμόσιν εἰς σχολὴν καὶ 
ἄνεσιν τῶν πολιτικῶν ὅτε λάβοιεν καιρόν, καὶ διὰ 
τοῦτο κατῳκοδόμηνται, πολυτελεῖς οἰκήσεις ἐν τῇ 
πόλει συχναὶ πρὸς τὰς τοιαύτας ἐπιδημίας" καὶ 
πρότερον δὲ ναῦς ἐκέκτηντο καὶ ἐκοινώνουν τῶν 
λῃστηρίων τοῖς Τυρρηνοῖς, καίπερ ἤδη Ῥωμαίοις 
ὑπακούοντες. διόπερ καὶ ᾿Αλέξανδρος πρότερον 
ἐγκαλῶν ἐπέστειλε, καὶ Δημήτριος ὕστερον, τοὺς 
ἁλόντας τῶν λῃστῶν ἀναπέμπων τοῖς Ῥωμαίοις, 
χαρίζεσθαι μὲν αὐτοῖς ἔφη τὰ σώματα διὰ τὴν 
πρὸς τοὺς “EXAnvas συγγένειαν, οὐκ ἀξιοῦν δὲ 
τοὺς αὐτοὺς ἄνδρας στρατηγεῖν τε ἅμα τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας 


1 ἢ ἐκ μέρους ἀποκουφισθέντα, Jones, for καὶ μέρους ἄποκου- 
φισθέντος. 


1 Demetrius Poliorcetes. 


900 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 3.5 


cities belonging to the Latini are, first, Ostia: it is 
harbourless on account of the silting up which is 
caused by the Tiber, since the Tiber is fed by 
numerous streams. Now although it is with peril 
that the merchant-ships anchor far out in the surge, 
still, the prospect of gain prevails; and in fact the 
good supply of the tenders which receive the cargoes 
and bring back cargoes in exchange makes it possible 
for the ships to sail away quickly before they touch 
the river, or else, after being partly relieved of their 
cargoes, they sail into the Tiber and run inland as 
far as Rome, one hundred and ninety stadia. Ostia 
was founded by Ancus Marcius. Such, then, is this 
city of Ostia. Next comes Antium, it also being a 
harbourless city. It is situated on masses of rock, 
and is about two hundred and sixty stadia distant 
from Ostia. Now at the present time Antium is 
given over to the rulers for their leisure and relief 
from the cares of state whenever they get the 
opportunity, and therefore, for the purposes of such 
sojourns, many very costly residences have been 
built in the city; but in earlier times the people of 
Antium used to possess ships and to take part with 
the Tyrrheni in their acts of piracy, although at that 
time they were already subjects of the Romans. It 
is for this reason that Alexander, in earlier times, 
sent in complaints, and that Demetrius,! later on, 
when he sent back to the Romans what pirates he 
had captured, said that, although he was doing the 
Romans the favour of sending back the captives 
because of the kinship between the Romans and 
the Greeks, he did not deem it right for men to 
be sending out bands of pirates at the same time 
that they were in command of Italy, or to build in 


391 


STRABO 


\ / bd / Na \ a 3 a 
καὶ λῃστήρια ἐκπέμπειν, Kal ἐν μὲν τῇ ἀγορᾷ Διοσ- 
κούρων ἱερὸν ἱδρυσαμένους τιμᾶν, ods πάντες 
Σωτῆρας ὀνομάζουσιν, εἰς δὲ τὴν “Ελλάδα πέμπειν 
τὴν ἐκείνων πατρίδα τοὺς λεηλατήσοντας" ἔπαυ- 

a n , Ψ 
σαν δ᾽ αὐτοὺς Ρωμαῖοι τῆς τοιαύτης ἐπιτηδεύσεως. 
ἀνὰ μέσον δὲ τούτων τῶν πόλεών ἐστι τὸ Λαουί- 
” \ A , ς ms 2 6 

νιον, ἔχον κοινὸν τῶν Λατίνων ἱερὸν ᾿Αφροδίτης, 
ἐπιμελοῦνται δ᾽ αὐτοῦ διὰ προπόλων 1 ᾿Αρδεῶται. 
uy 7 € Vf \ / C29) / 
εἶτα Λαύρεντον. ὑπέρκειται δὲ τούτων ἡ ᾿Αρδέα, 

/ ς Υ BA 9 e , fe 
κατοικία Ῥουτούλων ἄνω 5 ἑβδομήκοντα σταδίοις 

ἴω / / 
ὠπὸ τῆς θαλάττης" ἔστι δὲ Kal ταύτης πλησίον 
’ δ nan 
Αφροδίσιον, ὅπου πανηγυρίζουσι Λατῖνοι. Σαυ- 
νῖται δ᾽ ἐπόρθησαν τοὺς τόπους καὶ λείπεται μὲν 
5» / ” \ \ \ > I / 
ἴχνη πόλεων, ἔνδοξα δὲ διὰ τὴν Αἰνείου γέγονεν 

’ ἃ fe la) 
ἐπιδημίαν καὶ Tas ἱεροποιίας as? ἐξ ἐκείνων τῶν 
χρόνων παραδεδόσθαι φασί. 

6. Μετὰ δὲ "Ἄντιον τὸ Κιρκαῖόν ἐστιν ἐν διακο- 

᾿ς ᾿ 
σίοις καὶ ἐνενήκοντα σταδίοις ὄρος, νησΐζον θαλάτ- 

ν πρὸ \ \ \ / 3 
τῇ τε καὶ ἕλεσι: φασὶ δὲ καὶ πολύρριζον εἶναι, 
τάχα τῷ μύθῳ τῷ περὶ τῆς Κίρκης συνοικειοῦντες. 
” \ τ 7 τ τ \ / id \ N33 “Ὁ 
ἔχει δὲ πολίχνιον καὶ Κίρκης ἱερὸν καὶ ᾿Αθηνᾶς 
/ \ \ , / 
βωμὸν, δείκνυσθαι δὲ καὶ φιάλην τινά φασιν 
a @Y;) le \ δὲ “ ie ἊΝ \ 
υσσέως. μεταξὺ δὲ 6 Te Στόρας ποταμὸς Kal 

» Ἂ ¢ 5) 
ἐπ᾿ αὐτῷ ὕφορμος. ἔπειτα προσεχὴς αἰγιαλὸς 

/ \ ’ n f A V. / Μ 
ALB, πρὸς αὐτῷ μόνον τῷ Κιρκαίῳ λιμένιον ἔχων. 
ὑπέρκειται δ᾽ ἐν τῇ μεσογαίᾳ τὸ Πωμεντῖνον πε- 
δίον. τὴν δὲ συνεχῆ ταύτῃ πρότερον Αὔσονες 


: προπόλων, Corais, for προγόνων ; so the late editors. 
2 ἄνω, the reading of the MSS., Jones restores, for ἐν 
(Corais and the later editors). 
ἅς, Corais inserts after ἱεροποιίας ; so the later editors. 


392 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 3. 5-6 


their Forum a temple in honour of the Dioscuri, 
and to worship them, whom all call Saviours, and 
yet at the same time send to Greece people who 
would plunder the native land of the Dioscuri. And 
the Romans put a stop to such practices. Midway 
between these two cities is Lavinium, which has a 
temple of Aphrodite that is common to all the Latini, 
though the Ardeatae, through attendants, have the 
care of it. Then comes Laurentum. And beyond 
these cities lies Ardea, a settlement of the Rutuli, 
seventy stadia inland from the sea. Near Ardea too 
there is a temple of Aphrodite, where the Latini 
hold religious festivals. But the places were devas- 
tated by the Samnitae ; and although only traces of 
cities are left, those traces have become famous 
because of the sojourn which Aeneas made there 
and because of those sacred rites which, it is said, 
have been handed down from those times. 

6. After Antium, within a distance of two hundred 
and ninety stadia, comes Circaeum, ἃ mountain which 
has the form of an island, because it is surrounded 
by seaand marshes. They further say that Circaeum 
is a place that abounds in roots—perhaps because 
they associate it with the myth about Circe. It has 
a little city and a temple of Circe and an altar of 
Athene, and people there show you a sort of bowl 
which, they say, belonged to Odysseus. Between 
Antium and Circaeum is the River Storas, and also, 
near it, an anchoring-place. Then comes a stretch 
of coast that is exposed to the south-west wind, with 
no shelter except a little harbour near Circaeum 
itself. Beyond this coast, in the interior, is the 
Pomptine Plain. The country that joins this latter 
was formerly inhabited by the Ausones, who also 


99 ὦ 


STRABO 


͵ rd \ \ δ 
C 233 ᾧκουν, οἵπερ καὶ τὴν Καμπανίαν εἶχον. μετὰ δὲ 
/ ” , a a 
τούτους ᾽Οσκοι: Kal τούτοις δὲ μετῆν τῆς Kaptra- 
/ A ¢ / z 
vias, νῦν © ἅπαντα Λατίνων ἐστὶ μέχρι Σινοέσ- 
3 n \ an 
ons, ws εἶπον. ἴδιον δέ τι τοῖς "OgKols καὶ TO 
n > ΄ » Υ a \ nS 
τῶν Αὐσόνων ἔθνει συμβέβηκε' τῶν μὲν γὰρ 
/ A \ 
Ὅσκων ἐκλελοιπότων ἡ διάλεκτος μένει παρὰ 
a «ς a 
τοῖς Ρωμαίοις, ὥστε Kal ποιήματα σκηνοβατεῖ- 
σθαι κατά τινα ἀγῶνα πάτριον καὶ μιμολογεῖσθαι, 
A ) 3 50» 2 3 ff 2 \ i 
τῶν δ᾽ Αὐσόνων οὐδ᾽ ἅπαξ οἰκησάντων ἐπὶ TH 
al 7, / 
Σικελικῇ θαλάττῃ, τὸ πέλαγος ὅμως Αὐσόνιον 
a Cen 3 σα e Ni , an / 
καλεῖται. ἑξῆς δ᾽ ἐν ἑκατὸν σταδίοις τῷ Κιρκαίῳ 
, Ig 
Tappaxiva ἐστί, Τραχινὴ καλουμένη πρότερον 
\ a , ῇ A / 
ἀπὸ τοῦ συμβεβηκότος. πρόκειται δὲ αὐτῆς μέγα 
c/ A an Ψ ’ a 9 re , 
ἕλος ὃ ποιοῦσι δύο ποταμοί: καλεῖται δ᾽ ὁ μείζων 
lf aA a an 
Avdioos.! ἐνταῦθα δὲ συνάπτει τῇ θαλάττῃ πρῶ- 
τ , e / > / \ 2 \ A ξ , 
tov ἡ ᾿Αππία ὁδός, ἐστρωμένη μὲν ἀπὸ τῆς Ῥώμης 
a € An 
μέχρι Βρεντεσίου, πλεῖστον δ᾽ ὁδευομένη" τῶν δ᾽ 
ΤῸΝ / / ΄, > A 4 
ἐπὶ θαλάττῃ πόλεων τούτων ἐφαπτομένη μόνον, 
A / \ a 2 a a x 
τῆς τε Tappaxivns καὶ τῶν ἐφεξῆς, Φορμιῶν μὲν 
καὶ Μιντούρνης καὶ Σινοέσσης, καὶ τῶν ἐσχάτων; 
/ n 
Tapavtos te καὶ Βρεντεσίου. πλησίον δὲ τῆς 
/ ip a ΄ 
Ταρρακίνης βαδίζοντι ἐπὶ τῆς Ρώμης παραβέβλη- 
»“Ὕφῷ24᾽ κα a? 7, a p Bilas \ / 
ται TH ὁδῷ τῇ Ania διῶρυξ ἐπὶ πολλοὺς τόπους 


1 For Αὔφιδος, Xylander reads Οὔφιος, Casaubon Aides, 
Groskurd Οὔφεις, Meineke Οὔφης ; 806 note 4 on opposite page. 


1 ὃ 4 above. 
2 The ““ Atellanae Fabulae ” of the Romans (Pauly-Wissowa 
8. Ὁ. ‘*Atell. Fab.’’) 


394 


GEOGRAPHY, «. 3. 6 


held Campania. After these come the Osci; they 
too had a share in Campania; but now everything 
belongs to the Latini as far as Sinuessa, as I said. 
A peculiar thing has taken place in the case of the 
Osci and the tribe of the Ausones. Although the 
Osci have disappeared, their dialect still remains 
among the Romans,so much so that, at the time of a 
certain traditional competition, poems in that dialect 
are brought on the stage and recited like mimes; ” 
again, although the Ausones never once lived on the 
Sicilian Sea, still the high sea is called “ Ausonian.” 
Next, within one hundred stadia of Circaeum, is 
Tarracina, which was formerly called “ Trachine ” % 
from its actual character. In front of Tarracina 
lies a great marsh, formed by two rivers; the 
larger one is called Aufidus.4 It is here that the 
Appian Way first touches the sea; it has been con- 
structed from Rome as far as Brentesium ® and is the 
most travelled of all; but of the cities on the sea it 
touches only these: Tarracina, and those that come 
next in order after it, Formiae, Minturnae, and 
Sinuessa, and those at the end—Taras ® and Brente- 
sium. Near Tarracina, as you go toward Rome, 
there is a canal which runs alongside the Appian 
Way,.and is fed at numerous places by waters 


3 Strabo assumed that ‘‘Trachine” was derived from the 
Greek word ‘‘trachys” (‘‘rugged”). Cp. Horace, Sat. 1. 5. 
26: ‘‘Impositum saxis late candentibus Anxur ” (Tarracina). 

4 If the MSS. are right, Strabo is in error here. He must 
have meant the Ufens (now Ufente) ; the other river was the 
Amasenus (now Amaseno). 

> One of the old spellings of Brundisium ; the other was 
‘‘Brendesium ” (cp. Ptolemaeus, 3. 2. 12, and Polybius, 21. 
24). ‘*In the language of the Messapii the stag’s head is 
called ‘brentesium’” (6. 3. 6); hence the name of the city. 

6 The old name of Tarentum. 


595 


STRABO 


πληρουμένη τοῖς ἑλείοις TE καὶ τοῖς ποταμίοις 
ὕδασι' πλεῖται δὲ μάλιστα μὲν νύκτωρ, ὥστ᾽ 
ἐμβάντας ad ἑσπέρας ἐκβαίνειν πρωίας καὶ βαδί- 
ζειν τὸ λοιπὸν τῇ ὁδῷ, ἀλλὰ καὶ μεθ᾽ ἡμέραν" 
ῥυμουλκεῖ δ᾽ ἡμιόνιον. ἑξῆς δὲ Φορμίαι Λακωνι- 
κὸν κτίσμα ἐστίν, Ὁρμίαι λεγόμενον πρότερον διὰ 
τὸ εὔορμον. καὶ τὸν μεταξὺ δὲ κόλπον ἐκεῖνοι 
Καιέταν 1 ὠνόμασαν, τὰ “γὰρ κοῖλα πάντα καιέτας 
οἱ Λάκωνες προσαγορεύουσιν' ἔνιοι δ᾽ ἐπώνυμον 
τῆς Αἰνείου τροφοῦ τὸν κόλπον φασίν. ἔχει δὲ 
μῆκος σταδίων ἑ ἑκατὸν ἀρξάμενος ἀ ἀπὸ Ταρρακίνης, 
μέχρι τῆς ἄκρας τῆς ὁμωνύμου" ἀνέῳγέ τ ᾿ ἐνταῦθα 
σπήλαια ὑπερμεγέθη, κατοικίας μεγάλας καὶ πο- 
λυτελεῖς δεδεγμένα: ἐντεῦθεν δ᾽ ἐπὶ τὰς Φορμίας 
τετταράκοντα. ταύτης δ᾽ ἀνὰ μέσον εἰσὶ καὶ 
Σινοέσσης αἱ Μιντοῦρναι, σταδίους ἑκατέρας διέ- 
χουσαι περὶ ὀγδοήκοντα. διαρρεῖ δὲ Λεῖρις ποτα- 
μός, Κλάνις δ᾽ ἐκαλεῖτο πρότερον" φέρεται δ᾽ 
ἄνωθεν ἐκ τῶν ᾿Απεννίνων ὀρῶν Kal τῆς Οὐηστί- 
νῆς παρὰ Φρεγέλλας κώμην (πρότερον δ᾽ ἣν πόλις 
ἔνδοξος), ἐκπίπτει δ᾽ εἰς ἄλσος ἱερὸν τιμώμενον 
περιττῶς ὑπὸ τῶν ἐν Μιντούρναις, ὑποκείμενον 
τῇ πόλει. τῶν δὲ σπηλαίων ἐν ὄψει μάλιστα 
πρόκεινται δύο νῆσοι πελάγιαι, ΠΠανδατερία 5 τε 


1 Καιέταν, Jones, for Καιάταν (Β), Κεάτα (C); cp. καιέτας 
following, and also in 8. 5. 7. 
2 Πανδατερία, Meineke, for Mavdapta (BC). 


1 For an amusing account of this canal-journey, see Horace, 
Sat. 1. 5. 
2 “ Anchoring-place.” 
3 Strabo does not mention the city of ‘“‘Caieta” (now 
Gaéta); the gulf cast of it was called by the Romans 


396 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 3. 6 


from the marshes and the rivers. People navigate 
the canal, preferably by night (so that if they 
embark in the evening they can disembark early 
in the morning and go the rest of their journey 
by the Way), but they also navigate it by day. 
The boat is towed by a mule.! Next after Tarra- 
cina comes Formiae, founded by the Laconians, 
and formerly called ‘“ Hormiae” because of its 
good “hormos.’”’? And those people also named the 
intervening gulf “ Caietas,’? for the Laconians call 
all hollow things “ Caietas” ; but some say the gulf 
was named after the nurse of Aeneas.* It has a 
length of one hundred stadia, beginning at Tarracina 
and extending as far as the promontory of like name.° 
There are wide-open caverns of immense size at 
this place, which have been occupied by large and 
very costly residences; from here to Formiae the 
distance is forty stadia. Midway between Formiae 
and Sinuessa is Minturnae, which is about eighty 
stadia distant from each. Through Minturnae flows 
the River Liris, formerly called the “Clanis.” It 
runs from the interior, out of the Apennine Moun- 
tains and the country of the Vestini, past Fragellae, 
a village (it was formerly a famous city), and empties 
into a sacred precinct which is much revered by the 
people in Minturnae; the precinct is situated below 
the city. In the high sea, off the caverns and visible 
thence most of the timey are situated two islands, 


‘*Caietanus Sinus.” But, as the context shows, ‘‘ the inter- 
vening gulf”? means the gulf between Caieta and Tarracina. 
For the meaning of the Spartan word ‘‘ Caietas,” see 8. 5. 7. 
4 According to Virgil ( Aeneid, 7. 2) her name was ‘‘ Caieta.”’ 
5 That is, the promontory on which the city of Caieta was 
situated. 


307 


C 234 


STRABO 


\ cA \ / ’ 7: \ lal 3 
καὶ ἸΙοντία, μικραὶ μέν, οἰκούμεναι δὲ καλῶς, οὐ 
x Ε aA , \ 
πολὺ am ἀλλήλων διέχουσαι, τῆς ἠπείρου δὲ 
J a , x a 
πεντήκοντα ἐπὶ τοῖς διακοσίοις. ἔχεται δὲ TOU 
/ / \ if , \ La) 
Καιέτου κόλπου τὸ KaixovBov, τούτου δὲ Φοῦν- 
/ b] ane A γα / Υ / ᾽ 
δοι, πόλις ἐν τῇ ὁδῷ τῇ ᾿Αππίᾳ κειμένη. πάντες ὃ 
UN 4 U a / x ς \ 7 
εἰσὶν οἱ τόποι οὗτοι σφόδρα εὔοινοι" ὁ δὲ KaixouBos 
NUS \ WEES δ ον VA 
καὶ ὁ Φουνδανὸς Kal ὁ Σητινὸς τῶν διωνομασμένων 
5. ς ς \ Nigh 
εἰσί, καθάπερ ὁ Parepvos καὶ ὁ ᾿Αλβανὸς καὶ ὁ 
> / (4 δὲ ἊΣ id 3 ids 9 / 
TaTavos. ἡ ὃὲ Σινόεσσα ἐν Καιετάνῳ * Κολπῷῳ 
“ 2 > ne \ BA / \ e / 
ἵδρυται, ἀφ᾽ ov Kal τοὔνομα' σίνος yap ὁ κόλπος: 
7 A > a \ \ 
πλησίον ἐστὶ δ᾽ αὐτῆς θερμὰ λουτρὰ, κάλλιστα 
lal x , / \ id 
ποιοῦντα πρὸς νόσους ἐνίας. αὗται μὲν αἱ ἐπὶ 
/ a , J 
θαλάττῃ τῶν Λατίνων πόλεις. 
3 a / a 
7. ᾽ν δὲ τῇ μεσογαίᾳ πρώτη μὲν ὑπὲρ τῶν 
᾿᾽Ωστίων ἐστὶν ἡ «Ῥώμη, καὶ μό ε ἐπὶ τῷ Τιβέ- 
ἡ Ῥώμη, καὶ μόνη γε ἐπὶ τᾷ 
a \ ἊΝ. / Ν 3 > \ 
ρει κεῖται" περὶ ἧς, OTL πρὸς ἀνάγκην, οὐ πρὸς 
“ ὕ " θ J δ᾽ Ψ ἠδ᾽ 
αἵρεσιν ἔκτισται, εἴρηται: προσθετέον δ᾽ ὅτι οὐ 
\ an 7 n 
Ol μετὰ ταῦτα προσκτίσαντές τινα μέρη κύριοι τοῦ 
, τ ᾽ 3 3 ie ον “ 
βελτίονος ἦσαν, ἀλλ ἐδούλευον τοῖς προύποκει- 
/ Sf / nN \ , \ ὃς 
μένοις. οἱ μέν γε πρῶτοι τὸ Καπιτώλιον καὶ τὸ 
, \ \ a / ἃ 
Παλάτιον καὶ τὸν Κουιρῖνον λόφον ἐτείχισαν, ὃς 
5 ee ᾽ 7 qn ” e/ 205 3 A 
ἣν οὕτως εὐεπίβατος τοῖς ἔξωθεν ὥστ᾽ ἐξ ἐφόδου 
& 
1 Καιέτου, Jones, for Kedtov (BC), Kaidrov (sec. hand in B). 
2 Καιετάνῳ, from conj. of Capps, for the unintelligible 


σητάνοις, Σταγανός (BCl), σιτάνῳ (npr). Meineke relegates 
σητάνοις to the foot of the page. 


Di δ... 19. 
he Greek word for ‘‘ gulf,” ‘‘ vale.” 


398 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 3.6 7 


Pandateria and Pontia,! which, though small, are 
well peopled; they are not far distant from one 
another, but they are two hundred and fifty stadia 
from the mainland. The Caecuban Plain borders on 
the Gulf of Caietas; and next to the plain comes 
Fundi, situated on the Appian Way. All these places 
produce exceedingly good wine; indeed, the Caecu- 
ban and the Fundanian and the Setinian belong to 
the class of wines that are widely famed, as is the 
case with the Falernian and the Alban and the 
Statanian. Sinuessa is situated in the Caietan 
“Kolpos,’2 and hence its name; for “ Kolpos” 
means “Sinus’’;2 and near Sinuessa are hot 
baths, which are most efficacious for certain dis- 
eases.4 These, then, are the cities of the Latini on 
the sea. 

7. In the interior, the first city above Ostia is 
Rome, and it is the only city that is situated on the 
Tiber. With regard to this city, I have already said 
that it was founded there as a matter of necessity, 
not as a matter of choice;® and I must add that 
even those who afterwards added certain districts to 
the settlement could not as masters take the better 
course, but as slaves must needs accommodate them- 
selves to what had already been founded. The first 
founders walled the Capitolium and the Palatium and 
the Quirinal Hill, which last was so easy for outsiders 


3 Strabo now refers to the Roman ‘‘ Caietanus Sinus,” and 
not to ‘‘ the intervening gulf” above-mentioned. 

4 According to Pliny (31. 4), these baths cured barrenness 
in women and insanity in men. Whether they have dis- 
appeared, or are to be identified with the waters at Torre di 
Bagni, is not known. 

es ries Bae 


399 


STRABO 


ὔ \ 7 A 
Τίτος Τάτιος εἷλεν, ἐπελθὼν ἡνίκα μετήει τὴν TOV 
€ n / e/ ΑΙ ‘iL M / 
ἁρπαγεισῶν παρθένων ὕβριν. YKOS TE άρ- 
κιος προσλαβὼν τὸ Καίλιον" ὄρος καὶ τὸ ᾿Αβεντῖ- 
νον ὄρος καὶ τὸ μεταξὺ τούτων πεδίον, διηρτημένα 
καὶ ἀπ᾿ ἀλλήλων καὶ ἀπὸ τῶν προτετειχισμένων, 
προσέθηκεν ἀναγκαίως" οὔτε γὰρ οὕτως ἐρυμνοὺς 
λόφους ἔξω τείχους ἐᾶσαι τοῖς βουλομένοις ἐπι- 

n Ss Ud A 
TELYLT HATA καλῶς εἶχεν, οὔθ᾽ ὅλον ἐκπληρῶσαι 
τὸν κύκλον ἴσχυσε τὸν μέχρι τοῦ ἸΚουιρίνου. 
/ \ 7 \ / 5 if \ 
ἤλεγξε δὲ Σερούιος τὴν ἔκλειψιν, ἀνεπλήρωσε γὰρ 
Ν Ν ᾿] A / \ \ 2 V4 

προσθεὶς τὸν τε Ἡσκυλῖνον λόφον καὶ τὸν Οὐιμί- 

\ la) ’ x/ la) 7 , b) 
ναλιν. καὶ ταῦτα δ᾽ εὐέφοδα τοῖς ἔξωθέν ἐστι" 
διόπερ τάφρον βαθεῖαν ὀρύξαντες εἰς τὸ ἐντὸς 
0.3) \ an \ +e / e id / 
ἐδέξαντο τὴν γῆν, καὶ ἐξέτειναν ὅσον ἑξαστάδιον 
χῶμα ἐπὶ τῇ ἐντὸς ὀφρύϊ τῆς τάφρου, καὶ ἐπέ- 
βαλον τεῖχος καὶ πύργους ἀπὸ τῆς Κολλίνας 
πύλης μέχρι τῆς ᾿Ησκυλίνας' ὑπὸ μέσῳ δὲ τῷ 
χώματι τρίτη ἐστὶ πύλη ὁμώνυμος τῷ Οὐιμινάλι 
λόφῳ. τὸ μὲν οὖν ἔρυμα τοιοῦτόν ἐστι τὸ τῆς 
πόλεως, ἐρυμάτων ἑτέρων δεόμενον. καί μοι δο- 
κοῦσιν οἱ πρῶτοι τὸν αὐτὸν λαβεῖν διαχογισμὸν 
περί τε σφῶν αὐτῶν καὶ περὶ τῶν ὕστερον, διότι 
“Ῥωμαίοις προσῆκεν οὐκ ἀπὸ τῶν ἐρυμάτων, ἀλλὰ 
ἀπὸ τῶν ὅπλων καὶ τῆς οἰκείας ἀρετῆς ἔχειν τὴν 
5 / \ \ » 2 if WA 
ἀσφάλειαν καὶ τὴν ἄλλην εὐπορίαν, προβλήματα 
νγμίζοντες οὐ τὰ τείχη τοῖς ἀνδράσιν ἀλλὰ τοὺς 
ἄνδρας τοῖς τείχεσι. κατ᾽ ἀρχὰς μὲν οὖν ἀλλο- 
τρίας τῆς κύκλῳ χώρας οὔσης ἀγαθῆς τε καὶ 

1 Corais and Meineke emend τε to δέ. 
2 Καίλιον, Corais, for Κέλιον ; so the later editors. 


2 Cp. Ὁ, 3.2. 2 «Porta Viminalis.” 
400 


GEOGRAPHY, s. 3. 7 


to ascend that Titus Tatius took it at the first onset, 
making his attack at the time when he came to 
avenge the outrage of the seizure of the maidens.! 
Again, Ancus Marcius took in Mt. Caelium and Mt. 
Aventine, and the plain between them, which were 
separated both from one another and from the parts 
that were already walled, but he did so only from 
necessity ; for, in the first place, it was not a good 
thing to leave hills that were so well fortified by 
nature outside the walls for any who wished strong- 
holds against the city, and, secondly, he was unable 
to fill out the whole circuit of hills as far as the 
Quirinal. Servius, however, detected the gap, for 
he filled it out by adding both the Esquiline Hill 
and the Viminal Hill. But these too are easy for 
outsiders to attack; and for this reason they dug 
a deep trench and took the earth to the inner side 
of the trench, and extended a mound about six stadia 
on the inner brow of the trench, and built thereon 
a wall with towers from the Colline Gate to the 
Esquiline. Below the centre of the mound is a third 
gate,” bearing the same name as the Viminal Hill. 
Such, then, are the fortifications of the city, though 
they need a second set of fortifications. And, in my 
opinion, the first founders took the same course of 
reasoning both for themselves and for their successors, 
namely, that it was appropriate for the Romans to de- 
pend for their safety and general welfare, not on their 
fortifications, but on their arms and their own valour, 
in the belief that it is not walls that protect men but 
men that protect walls. At the outset, then, since 
the fertile and extensive country round about them 
belonged to others,’ and since the terrain of the 


3 Cp. 5. 3. 2 on this point. 
4οτ 
VOL. II. DD 


C 235 


STRABO 


A A a , if 
πολλῆς, τοῦ δὲ τῆς πόλεως ἐδάφους εὐεπιχειρή- 
\ / 9) 7] 
του, τὸ μακαρισθησόμενον οὐδὲν ἣν τοπικὸν εὐκλή- 
a ’ a a A ’ 
ρημα" τῇ δ᾽ ἀρετῇ καὶ τῷ πόνῳ τῆς χώρας οἰκείας 
γενομένης, ἐφάνη συνδρομή τις ἀγαθῶν ἅπασαν 
εὐφυΐαν ὑπερβάλλουσα' δι’ ἣν ἐπὶ τοσοῦτον αὐξη- 
a / aA A a 
θεῖσα ἡ πόλις ἀντέχει τοῦτο μὲν τροφῇ, τοῦτο δὲ 
é \ / \ \ b) / ἃ 2 
ξύλοις καὶ λίθοις πρὸς τὰς οἰκοδομίας, ἃς ἀδια- 
7 ἴω 
λείπτως ἴ ποιοῦσιν αἱ συμπτώσεις καὶ ἐμπρήσεις 
καὶ μεταπράσεις, ἀδιάλειπτοι καὶ avTal οὗσαι" 
καὶ γὰρ αἱ μεταπράσεις ἑκούσιοί τινες συμπτώ- 
ΕΟ , \ > ͵΄ 
σεις εἰσί, καταβαλλόντων καὶ ἀνοικοδομούντων 
\ \ / ke ane 
πρὸς τὰς ἐπιθυμίας ἕτερα ἐξ ἑτέρων. πρὸς ταῦτ 
oy / nA id an Soe ner \ ¢ 
οὖν TO TE τῶν μετάλλων πλῆθος καὶ ἡ ὕλη καὶ οἱ 
\ 
κατακομίζοντες ποταμοὶ θαυμαστὴν παρέχουσι 
\ n i 
τὴν ὑποχορηγίαν, πρῶτος μὲν ᾿Ανίων ἐξ "AXBas 
cr a \ ial 7 / \ \ 
ῥέων, τῆς πρὸς Μαρσοῖς Λατίνης πόλεως, καὶ διὰ 
A ΕῚ a / n \ \ 
τοῦ UT αὐτῇ πεδίου μέχρι τῆς πρὸς Tov Τίβεριν 
συμβολῆς, ἔπειθ᾽ ὁ Νὰρ καὶ ὁ Τενέας οἱ διὰ τῆς 
> A \ / \ 
Ομβρικῆς εἰς τὸν αὐτὸν καταφερόμενοι ποταμὸν 
τὸν Τίβεριν, διὰ δὲ Τυρρηνίας καὶ τῆς Κλαουσίνης 
ὁ Κλάνις. ἐπεμελήθη μὲν οὖν ὁ Σεβαστὸς Καῖσαρ 
n a Ν \ 
TOV τοιούτων ἐλαττωμάτων τῆς πόλεως, πρὸς μὲν 
\ a 
Tas ἐμπρήσεις συντάξας στρατιωτικὸν ἐκ τῶν 
’ nan \ An x δὲ x 
ἀπελευθεριωτῶν τὸ βοηθῆσον, πρὸς δὲ τὰς συμ- 


1 ἀδιαλείπτως, the reading of the MSS., Jones restores, for 
ἀδιαλείπτους (Corais, Miiller-Diibner, and Meineke). 


1 Cp. Horace’s ‘‘diruit, aedificat, mutat” (#’pist. 1. 1. 100). 
2 Alba Fucens. 3 In Latin, the **Tinia;” 


402 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 5.7 


city was so easy to attack, there was nothing for- 
tunate in their position to call for congratulation, 
but when by their valour and their toil they had 
made the country their own property, there was 
obviously a concourse, so to speak, of blessings that 
surpassed all natural advantages; and it is because of 
this concourse of blessings that the city, although it 
has grown to such an extent, holds out in the way it 
does, not only in respect to food, but also in respect 
to timber and stones for the building of houses, 
which goes on unceasingly in consequence of the 
collapses and fires and repeated sales (these last, too, 
going on unceasingly); and indeed the sales are 
intentional collapses, as it were, since the purchasers 
keep tearing down the houses and building new ones, 
one after another, to suit their wishes.1 To meet 
these requirements, then, the Romans are afforded a 
wonderful supply of materials by the large number 
of mines, by the timber, and by the rivers which 
bring these down: first, the Anio, which flows from 
Alba, the Latin city next to the Marsi,? through the 
plain that is below Alba to its confluence with the 
Tiber; and then the Nar and the Teneas,? the rivers 
which run through Ombrica down to the same river, 
the Tiber; and also the Clanis, which, however, runs 
down thither through Tyrrhenia and the territory 
of Clusium.” Now Augustus Caesar concerned him- 
self about such impairments of the city, organising 
for protection against fires a militia composed of 
freedmen, whose duty it was to render assistance,* 


4 The ‘‘cohortes vigilum’’ were a night police and fire 


brigade combined, consisting of seven thousand men, or seven 
cohorts. They were distributed throughout the city, one 
cohort to every two of the fourteen ‘‘regiones.’’ See 
Suetonius, 4dugustus 25, and Cassius Dio 55. 26. 
493 
ppb 2 


STRABO 


’, ἌΝΤΕ a A b) if θ0 
πτώσεις τὰ ὕψη τῶν καινῶν οἰκοδομημάτων καθε- 
a Ve \ 
λὼν Kal κωλύσας ἐξαίρειν ποδῶν ἑβδομήκοντα TO 
ἣν aA ς “Ὁ nA / 3 Do: of 3 7 
πρὸς ταῖς ὁδοῖς ταῖς δημοσίαις. ἀλλ᾽ ὅμως ἐπέ- 
\ ς 3 f 3 N x / \ 
AevTrev ἂν ἡ ἐπανόρθωσις, εἰ μὴ τὰ μέταλλα Kal 
n ,ὔ 
ἡ ὕλη καὶ τὸ τῆς πορθμείας εὐμεταχείριστον 
’ an 
ἀντεῖχε. 
Γ A \ δ᾿ ς f A , 7 
ὃ, Tavta μὲν οὖν ἡ φύσις τῆς χώρας παρέ- 
X Tal / ye \ 
NETAL TA εὐτυχήματα TH πόλει, προσέθεσαν δὲ 
«ς n \ n / n \ ς 
Ρωμαῖοι καὶ τὰ ἐκ τῆς προνοίας. τῶν γὰρ EX- 
a A 
λήνων περὶ τὰς κτίσεις εὐστοχῆσαι μάλιστα 
7 “ / > “ \ > th 
δοξάντων, ὅτι κάλλους ἐστοχάζοντο Kal ἐρυμνό- 
i, A Ko 
τητος καὶ λιμένων Kal χώρας εὐφυοῦς, οὗτοι 
προὐνόησαν μάλιστα ὧν ὠλιγώρησαν ἐκεῖνοι, 
fa) n \ I 
στρώσεως ὁδῶν Kal ὑδάτων εἰσαγωγῆς καὶ ὑπονό- 
n , \ ihe A 
μων τῶν δυναμένων ἐκκλύζειν τὰ λύματα τῆς 
t > \ , 7 δὲ \ \ 
πόλεως εἰς τὸν Ἰίβεριν' ἔστρωσαν δὲ καὶ τὰς 
¢ ,ὔ 
κατὰ τὴν χώραν ὁδούς, προσθέντες ἐκκοπάς τε 
λόφων καὶ ἐγχώσεις κοιλάδων, ὥστε τὰς appa- 
7 δέ 4 / ς δ᾽ e , 
μάξας δέχεσθαι πορθμείων φορτία" οἱ δ᾽ ὑπόνο- 
ὦ hel θέ ὃ \ " / 
μοι συννόμῳ λίθῳ κατακαμῴφθέντες οδοὺς ἁμάξαις 
/ na 
χόρτου πορευτὰς ἐνίας ἀπολελοίπασι. τοσοῦτον͵ 
δ᾽ ἐστὶ τὸ εἰσαγώγιμον ὕδωρ διὰ τῶν ὑδραγω- 
γείων ὥστε ποταμοὺς διὰ τῆς πόλεως καὶ τῶν 
e / ee. Ψ \ δ ΣΎ, \ 
ὑπονόμων ῥεῖν, ἅπασαν δὲ οἰκίαν σχεδὸν δεξα- 
\ \ f 7 
μενὰς καὶ σίφωνας καὶ κρουνοὺς ἔχειν ἀφθόνους, 
ὧν πλείστην ἐπιμέλειαν ἐποιήσατο Μάρκος 
bd if Ἂ ἈΚΤᾺΣ 5 » / 
Αγρίππας, πολλοῖς Kal ἄλλοις ἀναθήμασι κοσμή- 


404 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 3. 7-8 


and also to provide against collapses, reducing the 
heights of the new buildings and forbidding that any 
structure on the public streets should rise as high as 
seventy feet; but still his constructive measures 
would have failed by now were it not that the mines 
and the timber and the easy means of transportation 
by water still hold out. 

8. So much, then, for the blessings with which 
nature supplies the city ; but the Romans have added 
still others, which are the result of their foresight ; for 
if the Greeks had the repute of aiming most happily 
in the founding of cities, in that they aimed at 
beauty, strength of position, harbours, and productive 
soil, the Romans had the best foresight in those 
matters which the Greeks made but little account of, 
such as the construction of roads and aqueducts, 
and of sewers that could wash out the filth of the 
city into the Tiber. Moreover, they have so con- 
structed also the roads which run throughout the 
country, by adding both cuts through hills and em- 
bankments across valleys, that their wagons can carry 
boat-loads; and the sewers, vaulted with close-fitting 
stones, have in some places left room enough even 
for wagons loaded with hay to pass through them.! 
» And water is brought into the city through the aque- 
ducts in such quantities that veritable rivers flow 
through the city and the sewers; and almost every 
house has cisterns, and service-pipes, and copious 
fountains—with which Marcus Agrippa concerned 
himself most, though he also adorned the city with 


1 Pliny (36. 24) uses the same figure in describing the 
dimensions of the sewers constructed by Tarquinius Priscus : 
(Tarquinius Priscus) amplitudinem cavis eam fecisse proditur 
ut vehem faeni large onustam transmitteret. 


405 


STRABO 


C 236 cas τὴν πόλιν. ὡς δ᾽ εἰπεῖν, οἱ παλαιοὶ μὲν τοῦ 
κάλλους τῆς Ῥώμης ὠλιγώρουν, πρὸς ἄλλοις μεί- 
ζοσι καὶ ἀναγκαιοτέροις ὄντες" οἱ δ᾽ ὕστερον, καὶ 
μάλιστα οἱ νῦν καὶ καθ᾽ ἡμᾶς, οὐδὲ τούτου καθυ- 
στέρησαν, ἀλλ᾽ ἀναθημάτων πολλῶν καὶ καλῶν 
ἐπλήρωσαν τὴν πόλιν. καὶ γὰρ Πομπήιος καὶ ὁ 
Θεὸς Καῖσαρ καὶ ὁ Σεβαστὸς καὶ οἱ τούτου παῖδες 
καὶ οἱ φίλοι καὶ γυνὴ καὶ ἀδελφὴ πᾶσαν ὑπερε- 
βάλλοντο σπουδὴν καὶ δαπάνην εἰς τὰς κατα- 
σκευάς" τούτων δὲ τὰ πλεῖστα ὁ Μάρτιος ἔχει 
κάμπος, πρὸς τῇ φύσει προσλαβὼν καὶ τὸν ἐκ τῆς 
προνοίας κόσμον. καὶ γὰρ τὸ μέγεθος τοῦ πεδίου 
θαυμαστόν, ἅμα καὶ τὰς ἁρματοδρομίας καὶ τὴν 
ἄλλην ἱππασίαν ἀκώλυτον παρέχον 1 τῷ τοσούτῳ 
πλήθει τῶν σφαίρᾳ καὶ κρίκῳ καὶ παλαίστρᾳ 
γυμναζομένων' καὶ τὰ περικείμενα ἔργα καὶ τὸ 
ἔδαφος ποάζον δι᾽ ἔτους καὶ τῶν λόφων στεφάναι 
τῶν ὑπὲρ τοῦ ποταμοῦ μέχρι τοῦ ῥείθρου σκηνο- 
γραφικὴν ὄψιν ἐπιδεικνύμεναι δυσαπάλλακτον 
παρέχουσι τὴν θέαν. πλησίον δ᾽ ἐστὶ τοῦ πεδίου 
τούτου καὶ ἄλλο πεδίον καὶ στοαὶ κύκλῳ παμπλη- 
θεῖς καὶ ἄλση καὶ θέατρα τρία καὶ ἀμφιθέατρον 


1 παρέχον, Groskurd, for παρέχων ; so the later editors. 


1 From the more ancient point of view, as the Greek word 
here translated ‘‘structures”” shows, these structures might 
all have been erected as divine offerings ; but in later times 
the word seems often to have lost this connotation (cp. 
W. H. D. Rouse, Votive Offerings, p. 273). 

* See the note above on ‘‘ structures.” 

3 For a list of some of these ‘‘friends ”’ of Augustus and 
what they built, see Ruetonias, Augustus 29. 

gto Eee, works of art,” 5. 2. 5 and the footnote. 

ὃ Accardiue to Halsen, (Pauly- Wissowa, 8.0. ἐς Agrippae 


406 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 5. 8 


many other structures!” In a word, the early 
Romans made but little account of the beauty of 
Rome, because they were occupied with other, 
greater and more necessary, matters; whereas the 
later Romans, and particularly those of to-day and 
in my time, have not fallen short in this respect 
either—indeed, they have filled the city with many 
beautiful structures.? ,In fact, Pompey, the Deified 
Caesar, Augustus, his sons and friends,? and wife and 
sister, have outdone all others in their zeal for build- 
ings and in the expense incurred. The Campus 
Martius contains most of these, and thus, in 
addition to its natural beauty, it has received still 
further adornment as the result of foresight. In- 
deed, the size of the Campus is remarkable, since it 
affords space at the same time and without inter- 
ference, not only for the chariot-races and every 
other equestrian exercise, but also for alfthat multi- 
tude of people who exercise themselves by ball- 
playing, hoop-trundling, and wrestling; and the 
works of art‘ situated around the Campus Martius, 
and the ground, which is covered with grass 
throughout the year, and the crowns of those hills 
that are above the river and extend as far as its 
bed, which present to the eye the appearance of 
a stage-painting—all this, I say, affords a spectacle 
that one can hardly draw away from. And near this 
campus is stiJl another campus,> with colonnades 
round about it in very great numbers, and sacred 
precincts, and three theatres, and an amphitheatre, 


campus”) Strabo refers to the Campus of Agrippa; but 
Tozer (Selections p. 154) is in doubt whether Strabo means 
this campus or the Campus Flaminius. Both campuses, οὗ 
course, formed a part of the Campus Martius, 


407 


STRABO 


Kal ναοὶ πολυτελεῖς καὶ συνεχεῖς ἀλλήλοις, ὡς 
πάρεργον ἂν δόξαιεν ἀποφαίνειν τὴν ἄχλην πόλιν. 
ιόπερ ἱεροπρεπέστατον νομίσαντες τοῦτον τὸν 
τόπον καὶ τὰ τῶν ἐπιφανεστάτων μνήματα ἐνταῦ- 
θα κατεσκεύασαν ἀνδρῶν καὶ γυναικῶν. ἀξιολο- 
γώτατον δὲ τὸ Μαυσώλειον καλούμενον, ἐπὶ κρη- 
πῖδος ὑψηλῆς λευκολίθου πρὸς τῷ ποταμῷ χῶμα 
μέγα, ἄχρι κορυφῆς τοῖς ἀειθαλέσι τῶν δένδρων 
συνηρεφές" ἐπ᾽ ἄκρῳ μὲν οὖν εἰκών ἐστι χαλκῆ 
τοῦ Σεβαστοῦ Καίσαρος, ὑπὸ δὲ τῷ χώματι θῆκαί 
εἰσιν αὐτοῦ καὶ τῶν συγγενῶν καὶ οἰκείων, ὄπισθεν 
δὲ μέγα ἄλσος περιπάτους θαυμαστοὺς ἔχον' ἐν 
μέσῳ δὲ τῷ πεδίῳ ὁ τῆς καύστρας αὐτοῦ περί- 
βολος, καὶ οὗτος λίθου λευκοῦ, κύκλῳ μὲν περικεί- 
μενον ἔχων σιδηροῦν περίφραγμα, ἐντὸς δ᾽ αἰγεί- 
ροις κατάφυτος. πάλιν δ᾽ εἴ τις εἰς τὴν ἀγορὰν 
παρελθὼν τὴν ἀρχαίαν ἄλλην ἐξ ἄλλης ἴδοι παρα- 
βεβλημένην ταύτῃ! καὶ βασιλικὰς στοὰς καὶ 
ναούς, ἴδοι δὲ καὶ τὸ Καπιτώλιον καὶ τὰ ἐνταῦθα 
ἔργα καὶ τὼ ἐν τῷ ἸΙαλατίῳ καὶ τῷ τῆς Λιβίας 
περιπάτῳ, ῥᾳδίως ἐκλάθοιτ᾽ ἂν τῶν ἔξωθεν. 
τοιαύτη μὲν Ἶ: “Ῥώμη. 

9. Τῶν δ᾽ ἄλλων τῆς Λατίνης πόλεων τὰς μὲν 
ἑτέροις, γνωρίσμασι, τὰς δὲ ὁδοῖς ἀφορίσαιτ᾽ ἄν 
τις ταῖς γνωριμωτάταις, ὅσαι διὰ τῆς Λατίνης 


1 ταύτῃ, Corais, for ταύτην ; so the later editors. 


1 The remains of this Mausoleum are still to be seen on 
the Via de’ Pontefici. 

* Cassius Dio (69. 23) says that the Mausoleum was filled 
by the time of Hadrian’s death (138 a.p.). 

8 Op. Suetonius, Augustus 100. 


408 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 3. 8-9 


and very costly temples, in close succession to one 
another, giving you the impression that they are 
trying, as it were, to declare the rest of the city 
a mere accessory. For this reason, in the belief 
that this place was holiest of all, the Romans have 
erected in it the tombs of their most illustrious men 
and women. The most noteworthy is what is called 
the Mausoleum,! a great mound near the river on a 
lofty foundation of white marble, thickly covered 
with ever-green trees to the very summit. Now on 
top is a bronze image of Augustus Caesar; beneath 
the mound are the tombs of himself and his kinsmen 
and intimates ; 5 behind the mound is a large sacred 
precinct with wonderful promenades; and in the 
centre of the Campus is the wall (this too of white 
marble) round his crematorium ;? the wall is sur- 
rounded by a circular iron fence and the space within 
the wall is planted with black poplars. v And again, 
if, on passing to the old Forum, you saw one forum 
after another ranged along the old one, and basilicas,4 
and temples, and saw also the Capitolium and the 
works of art there and those of the Palatium and 
Livia’s Promenade, you would easily become oblivious 
to everything else outside. Such is Rome. 

9. As for the rest of the cities of Latium, their 
positions may be defined, some by a different set of 
distinctive marks, and others by the best known roads 
that have been constructed through Latium; for they 


4 Tozer (Selections, Ὁ. 155) says, ““ἄλλην ἐξ ἄλλης refer to 
βασιλικὰς στοὰς and translates, ‘‘ should see, ranged one 
after another on either side of this, both basilicas and tem- 
ples.”” But the Greek hardly admits of his interpretation. 

5 For a more detailed account of the public works and 
buildings at Rome, the reader is referred to Pliny 36. 24. 


409 


C 237 


STRABO 


ἔστρωνται" ἢ yap ἐπὶ ταύταις ἢ παρὰ ταύταις y 
μεταξὺ ἵδρυνται. γνωριμώταται δὲ τῶν ὁδῶν ἥ 
τε ᾿Αππία καὶ ἡ Λατίνη καὶ ἡ Οὐαλερία' ἡ μὲν 
τὰ πρὸς θαλάττῃ } ,ἀφορίξουσα Δ τ: τῆς Λατίνης 
μέχρι Σινοέσσης, ἡ δὲ τὰ πρὸς τῇ Σαβίνῃ μέχρι 
Μαρσῶν, μέση δ᾽ αὐτῶν ἡ Λατίνη ἡ ἡ συμπίπτουσα 
τῇ Λππίᾳ κατὰ Κασιλῖνον,Σ πόλιν διέχουσαν 
Καπύης ἐννεακαίδεκα σταδίους" ἄρχεται δὲ ὃ ἀπὸ 
τῆς ᾿Αππίας, € ἐν ἀριστερῷ ἀπ᾽ αὐτῆς ἐκτρεπομένη 
πλησίον Ῥώμης, εἶτα διὰ τοῦ Τουσκλανοῦ ὁ ὄρους 
ὑπερβᾶσα μεταξὺ 'Τούσκλου πόλεως καὶ τοῦ 
᾿Αλβανοῦ ὄρους κάτεισιν ἐπὶ Λλγιδον πολίχνιον 
καὶ Πικτὰς πανδοχεῖα. εἶτ Ta συμπίπτει καὶ ἡ Λα- 
βικανή, ἀρχομένη μὲν ἀπὸ τῆς ᾿Ησκυλίνης πύλης, 
ἀφ᾽ ἧς καὶ ἡ Πραινεστίνη'" ἐν ἀριστερᾷ δ᾽ ἀφεῖσα 
καὶ ταύτην καὶ τὸ πεδίον τὸ ᾿ΗἩσκυλῖνον πρόεισιν 
ἐπὶ πλείους τῶν ἑκατὸν καὶ εἴκοσι σταδίων, καὶ 
πλησιάσασα τῷ Λαβικῷ, παλαιῷ κτίσματι κατε- 
σπασμένῳ, κειμένῳ δ᾽ ἐφ᾽ ὕψους, τοῦτο μὲν καὶ 
τὸ “Ῥούσκουλον ἐν δεξιοῖς ἀπολείπει, τελευτᾷ δὲ 
πρὸς τὰς Πικτὰς καὶ τὴν Λατίνην" διέχει δὲ τῆς 
“Ῥώμης τὸ χωρίον τοῦτο διακοσίους καὶ δέκα 
σταδίους. εἶθ᾽ ἑξῆς μὲν ἐπ᾽ αὐτῆς τῆς Λατίνης 
εἰσὶν ἐπίσημοι κατοικίαι καὶ πόλεις Φερέντινον, 
Φρουσίνων, παρ᾽ ἣν ὁ Κόσας ῥεῖ ποταμός, Φα- 
βρατερία, map ἣν ὁ Τρῆρος ῥεῖ, ᾿Ακουῖνον, ἣ 3 


θαλάττῃ, Jones, for θάλατταν. 

Κασιλῖνον, Cluvier, for Κάσινον ; so the editors. 

τό, before ἀπό, is deleted by the editors. 

4, Jones inserts before μεγάλη ; others bracket the ἐστὶ 
after πόλις, or (as Meineke) delete it, or (as Corais) insert δὲ 
after ᾿Ακουῖνον. 


410 


1 
2 
3 


4 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 3.9 


are situated either on these roads, or near them, or 
between them. The best known of the roads are 
the Appian Way, the Latin Way, and the Valerian 
Way. The Appian Way marks off, as far as Sinuessa, 
those parts of Latium that are next to the sea, and 
the Valerian Way, as far as the Marsi, those parts 
that are next to the Sabine country ; while the Latin 
Way is between the two—the Way that unites with 
the Appian Way at Casilinum, a city nineteen stadia 
distant from Capua. The Latin Way begins, how- 
ever, at the Appian Way, since near Rome it turns 
off from it to the left, and then, passing through 
the Tusculan Mountain, and over it at ἃ point 
between the city of Tusculum and the Alban 
Mountain, runs down to the little city of Algidum 
and the Inns of Pictae;+ and then it is joined 
by the Lavican Way. This latter begins at the 
Ksquiline Gate, as also does the Praenestine Way, 
but it leaves both the Praenestine Way and the 
Esquiline Plain to the left and runs on for more 
than one hundred and twenty stadia, and, on 
drawing near to Labicum (a city founded in early 
times, once situated on an eminence, but now 
demolished), leaves both it and Tusculum on the 
right and comes to an end at Pictae and the Latin 
Way; the distance of this place from Rome is two 
hundred and ten stadia. Then in order, as you pro- 
ceed on the Latin Way itself, you come to important 
settlements and the cities of Ferentinum, Frusino 
(past which the Cosa? flows), Fabrateria (past which 
the Trerus ὃ flows), Aquinum (it is a large city, and 


1 (ὁ Ad Pictas.”’ 
2 The river is still called ““ Cosa,”’ 
3 Now the Sacco, 


4ll 


STRABO 


μεγάλη πόλις ἐστί, παρ᾽ ἣν ὁ Μέλπις ῥεῖ ποταμὸς 
μέγας, ᾿Ιντεράμνιον,᾿ ἐν συμβολῇ δυεῖν ποταμῶν 
κείμενον, Λείριός τε καὶ ἑτέρου" Κάσινον καὶ αὕτη 
πόλις ἀξιόλογος, ὑστάτη τῶν Λατίνων. τὸ γὰρ 
Τέανον τὸ καλούμενον Σιδικῖνον ἐφεξῆς κείμενον 
ἐκ τοῦ ἐπιθέτου δηλοῦται διότι τῶν Σιδικίνων ἐστίν. 
οὗτοι δὲ “Ockot, Καμπανῶν ἔθνος ἐκλελοιπός, 
ὥστε λέγοιτ᾽ ἂν τῆς Καμπανίας καὶ αὕτη, μεγίστη 
οὗσα τῶν ἐπὶ τῇ Λατίνῃ πόλεων, καὶ ἡ ἐφεξῆς 
ἡ τῶν ἹΚαληνών, καὶ αὕτη ἀξιόλογος συνάπτουσα 
τῷ Κασιλίνῳ. 

10. ᾽Εφ᾽ ἑκάτερα δὲ τῆς Λατίνης ἐν δεξιᾷ μέν 
εἰσιν αἱ μεταξὺ αὐτῆς καὶ τῆς ᾿Αππίας, Σητία τε 
καὶ Σιγνία, φέρουσαι οἶνον, ἡ μὲν τῶν πολυτελῶν 
ἕνα, ἡ δὲ τὸν σταλτικώτατον κοιλίας, τὸν Σιιγνῖνον ὃ 
λεγόμενον πρὸ δὲ ταύτης 3 ἐστὶ Πρίβερνον καὶ 
Κόρα καὶ Σύεσσα Τραπόντιόν τε καὶ Οὐελίτραι 
καὶ ᾿Αλέτριον᾽ ἔτι δὲ Φρεγέλλαιυ, παρ᾽ ἣν 0 Λεῖρις 
ῥεῖ ὁ εἰς τὰς Μιντούρνας ἐκδιδούς, νῦν μὲν κώμη, 
πόλις δέ ποτε γεγονυΐα ἀξιόλογος καὶ τὰς πολ- 
λὰς τῶν ἄρτι λεχθεισῶν περιοικίδας ὃ πρότερον 
ἐσχηκυῖα, αἱ νῦν εἰς αὐτὴν συνέρχονται, ἀγοράς 
τε ποιούμεναι καὶ ἱεροποιίας τινάς" κατεσκάφη 


1 ὅν, before ἐν, Corais and others bracket ; Meineke rightly 


deletes. 

2 Σιγνῖνον, Meineke, for Σίγνιον. 

3 Nearly all the editors, including Miiller-Diibner and 
Meineke, wrongly emend πρὸ δὲ ταύτης to πρὸς δὲ TavTas. 

4 For Τραπόντιον, Siebenkees, from conjecture of Cluvier, 
reads τῶν Πωμεντίνων, while C. Miiller conjectures Καρβέντιον. 

5 περιοικίδας, Groskurd, for περιοικίας ; so the later editors. 


1 That is, the last on the Latin Way. 
2 Cales, now Calvi. : 


412 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 3. 9-10 


past it flows a large river, the Melpis), Interamnium 
(which is situated at the confluence of two rivers, 
the Liris and another), and Casinum (this too a note- 
worthy city), which is the last city of Latium ;1 for 
what is called Teanum “ Sidicinum,”’ which is situated 
next in order after Casinum, shows clearly from its 
epithet that it belongs to the Sidicini. These people 
are Osci, a tribe of Campani that has disappeared ; 
and therefore this city might be called a part of 
Campania, although it is the largest of the cities on 
the Latin Way, as also might the city ? that comes 
next after it, that of the Caleni (this too a note- 
worthy city), although its territory joins that of 
Casilinum. 

10, Then take the cities on either side of the 
Latin Way. On the right are those between it and 
the Appian Way, namely, Setia and Signia, which 
produce wine, the former, one of the costly wines, 
and the latter, the best for checking the bowels 
(what is called the “Signine”’ wine). And farther 
on, beyond Signia, is Privernum, and Cora, and 
Suessa,? and also ‘Trapontium,* Velitrae, and Ale- 
trium ; and besides these, Fregellae (past which the 
Liris flows, the river that empties at Minturnae ὅ), 
which is now merely a village, although it was once 
a noteworthy city ® and formerly held as dependencies 
most of the surrounding cities just mentioned (and 
at the present time the inhabitants of these cities 
meet at Fregellae both to hold markets and to per- 
form certain sacred rites), but, having revolted, it was 


3 Suessa Pometia, of which no traces are left. 

4 Trapontium is otherwise unknown, unless it be identified 
with Tripontio, a place mentioned only in an inscription of 
Trajan. δ Ορ. ὅ. ὃ, 6. 6 Cp. § 6 above. 


413 


C 238 


STRABO 


᾿] ς \ € , 3 A A 3 ΩΝ 
δ᾽ ὑπὸ Ῥωμαίων ἀποστᾶσα. πλεῖσται δ᾽ εἰσὶ 
A a , \ mn 
καὶ τούτων καὶ τῶν ἐν τῇ Λατίνῃ καὶ τῶν 
> VA 5 ne / \ " x x7 
ἐπέκεινα ἐν τῇ Lipvixwy te καὶ Αἰκων καὶ Οὐολ- 
σκων ἱδρυμέναι, Ρωμαίων δ᾽ εἰσὶ κτίσματα. ἐν 
an an / an 
ἀριστερᾷ δὲ τῆς Λατίνης αἱ μεταξὺ αὐτῆς καὶ 
τῆς Οὐαλερίας, Τάβιοι μὲν ἐν τῇ Πραινεστίνῃ 
ὁδῷ κειμένη, λατόμιον ἔχουσα ὑπουργὸν τῇ Ῥώμῃ 
μάλιστα τῶν ἄλλων, διέχουσα τὸ ἴσον τῆς 
,ὔ 
“Ῥώμης τε καὶ ἸΠραινέστου, περὶ ἑκατὸν σταδίους. 
ΓΙ Ὁ , A 3 
εἶθ᾽  IIpaiveotos, περὶ ἧς αὐτίκα ἐροῦμεν" εἶθ᾽ 
at} ἐν τοῖς ὄρεσι τοῖς ὑπὲρ [Πραΐίνεστον, ἥ τε τῶν 
ς ve Ld / Ν 3 ’ 
Ερνίκων πολίχνη Καπίτουλον καὶ ᾿Αναγνία, 
πόλις ἀξιόλογος, καὶ Kepedte καὶ Σώρα, παρ᾽ 
ἃ id lal \ 3 / Cc an \ 
ἣν ὁ Λεῖρις παρεξιὼν εἰς Φρεγέλλας pet καὶ 
΄, ey » \ \ 27 
Μιντούρνας" ἔπειτα ἄλλα τινὰ Kai Ovévadpor, 
Ψ \ / " τ. \ 5 / ᾽ 
ὅθεν τὸ κάλλιστον ἔλαιον ἡ μὲν οὖν πόλις ἐφ 
ὕψους κεῖται, παραρρεῖ δὲ τὴν τοῦ λόφου ῥίξαν 
ς aA ἃ Ν A 
ὁ Οὐουλτοῦρνος, ὃς Kal παρὰ τὸ Κασιλῖνον 
ἐνεχθεὶς ἐκδίδωσι κατὰ τὴν ὁμώνυμον αὐτῷ 
πόλιν. Aicepvia δὲ καὶ ᾿Αλλιφαὶ ἤδη Σαυνι- 
τικαὶ πόλεις εἰσίν, ἡ μὲν ἀνῃρημένη κατὰ τὸν 
Μαρσικὸν πόλεμον, ἡ δ᾽ ἔτι συμμένουσα. 

ΤΙΣΙ Οὐαλερία δ᾽ ἄρχεται μὲν ἀπὸ Τιβούρων, 
ἄγει δ᾽ ἐπὶ Μαρσοὺς καὶ Κορφίνιον, τὴν τῶν 
Πελίγνων μητρόπολιν. εἰσὶ δ᾽ ἐν αὐτῇ Λατῖναι 
πόλεις Οὐαρία 3 τε καὶ Καρσέολοι καὶ ᾿Αλβα, 
πλησίον δὲ καὶ πόλις Κούκουλον. ἐν ὄψει δ᾽ εἰσὶ 
τοῖς ἐν Ῥώμῃ Τίβουρά τε καὶ Ipaivertos καὶ 


ai, the obvious correction of Corais, for 7. 
2 Poe Kramer from the conj. of Cluvier, for Οὐαλερία ; 
so the later editors. 


414 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 3 10-11 


demolished by the Romans. Most of these cities, 
as also of those on the Latin Way and of those on 
the far side of it, are situated in the country of the 
Hernici, the Aeci, and the Volsci, though all were 
founded by the Romans. Again, on the left of 
the Latin Way are the cities between it and the 
Valerian Way : first, Gabii, situated on the Praenes- 
tine Way, with a rock-quarry that is more serviceable 
to Rome than any other, and equidistant—about one 
hundred stadia—from Rome and Praeneste; then 
Praeneste, about which I shall speak presently ; 
then the cities in those mountains that are above 
Praeneste : Capitulum, the little city of the Hernici, 
and Anagnia, a noteworthy city, and Cereate, and 
Sora (past which the Liris flows as it issues from the 
mountains and comes to Fregellae and Minturnae 1) ; 
and then certain other places, and Venafrum, whence 
comes the finest olive-oil. Now the city of Venafrum 
is situated on an eminence, and past the base of the 
hill flows the Volturnus River, which runs past Casi- 
linum also and empties into the sea at the city of like 
name.? But when you come to the cities of Aesernia 
and Allifae you are already in Samnitic territory ; 
the former was destroyed in the Marsic War, while 
the latter still endures. 

11. The Valerian Way has its beginning at 
Tibur, and leads to the country of the Marsi, 
and to Corfinium, the metropolis of the Peligni. 
On the Valerian Way are the following cities of 
Latium: Varia, Carseoli, and Alba,® and also, near 
by, the city of Cuculum.* Tibur, Praeneste, and 
Tusculum are all visible from Rome. First, Tibur: 


AEC p: ὃ: . 3.40. 2 Volturnum. 3 Alba Fucens. 
4 Now Cucullo, otherwise called Scutolo. 


415 


STRABO 


Τοῦσκλον. Τίβουρα μέν, ἡ ἢ 1 τὸ Ἡράκλειον, καὶ 
ὁ καταράκτης, ὃν ποιεῖ πλωτὸς Ov ὁ ᾿Ανίων, ἀφ᾽ 
ὕψους μεγάλου καταπίπτων εἰς φάραγγα βαθεῖαν 
καὶ KaTaXon πρὸς αὐτῇ τῇ πόλει. ἐντεῦθεν δὲ 
διέξεισι πεδίον εὐκαρπότατον παρὰ τὰ μέταλλα 
τοῦ λίθου τοῦ Τιβουρτίνου καὶ τοῦ ἐν Ἰαβίοις, 
καὶ τοῦ ἐρυθροῦ λεγομένου, ὥστε τὴν ἐκ τῶν 
μετάλλων ἐξαγωγὴν καὶ τὴν πορθμείαν εὐμαρῆ 
τελέως εἶναι, τῶν πλείστων ἔργων τῆς “Ῥώμης 
ἐντεῦθεν κατασκευαζομένων. ἐν δὲ τῷ πεδίῳ 
τούτῳ καὶ τὰ ᾿Αλβουλα καλούμενα ῥεῖ ὕδατα 
ψυχρὰ ἐκ πολλῷν πηγῶν, πρὸς ποικίλας νόσους 
καὶ πίνουσι καὶ ἐγκαθημένοις ὑγιεινά' τοιαῦ- 
τα δὲ καὶ τὰ Λαβανά, οὐκ ἄπωθεν τούτων ἐν 
τῇ Νωμεντανῇ καὶ τοῖς περὶ ᾿Ηρητὸν τόποις. 
Πραίνεστος δ᾽ ἐστὶν ὅπου τὸ τῆς Τύχης ἱερὸν 
ἐπίσημον χρηστηριάξον' ἀμφότεραι δ᾽ αἱ πόλεις 
αὗται τῇ αὐτῇ προσιδρυμέναι τυγχάνουσιν ὀρεινῇ, 
διέχουσι δ᾽ ἀλλήλων ὅσον σταδίους ἑκατόν, τῆς 
δὲ Ῥώμης Ἰραίνεστος μὲν καὶ διπλάσιον, Τίβουρα 
δ᾽ ἔλαττον. φασὶ δ᾽ “Ελληνίδας ἀμφοτέρας, Πραί- 
νεστον γοῦν ἸΠολυστέφανον καλεῖσθαι πρότερον. 


1 Before ἣ Corais and Meineke insert ἐν: but Miiller- 
Diibner follow the MSS. 


2 For καὶ τοῦ Meineke, from conj. of Kramer, reads 
“~ ν. 
TOV και. 


παρ τὸς os Ii 

* The Greek word here translated ‘‘ wooded ”’ suggests a 
sacred grove. Strabo obviously refers to the grove that was 
sacred to Tiburnus, the founder of Tibur. Op. Horace, Cdes 
1: 7.19. 

3 Cp. Pliny 36. 48. 4 Cp. § 10 above. 


416 


GEOGRAPHY, «. 3. 11 


it possesses the temple of Heracles, and also the 
waterfall formed by the Anio, a navigable river! 
which falls down from a great height into a deep, 
wooded? ravine near the city itself. Thence the 
river flows out through a very fruitful plain past the 
quarries of the Tiburtine stone,® and of the stone of 
Gabii,‘ and of what is called “ red stone”’; so that the 
delivery from the quarries and the transportation by 
water are perfectly easy—most of the works of art ὃ 
at Rome being constructed of stone brought thence. 
In this plain, also, flow what are called the Albula 
waters °—cold waters from many springs, helpful, 
both as drinking-water and as baths, in the cure of 
various diseases; and such, also, are the Labana 
waters,’ not far from the former, on the Nomentan 
Way and in the neighbourhood of Eretum. Secondly, 
Praeneste: here is the temple of Fortuna, noted 
for its oracles. Both of these cities are situated 
near the same mountain range, and they are about 
one hundred stadia distant from one another; 
but from Rome Praeneste is as much as double 
that distance, whereas Tibur is less than double. 
Both are called Greek cities ; 9 in any case Praeneste, 
they say, was formerly called “ Polystephanos.” 1° 


5 On ‘ works of art,” see 5. 2. 5, and footnote. 

6 Now ‘‘ La Solfatara”’ (‘‘ Sulphur waters ’’). 

7 Now called ‘‘ Bagni di Grotta Marozza.”’ 

8 This was probably the largest temple in Italy. ‘‘ The 
modern city of Palestrina is almost entirely built on its site 
and substructions ”’ (Tozer, Selec/ions, p. 157). 

® Horace (Carmina 2. 6. 5) speaks of ‘‘Tibur, Argeo 
positum colono.” 

10 “ἐ Many-wreathed,’’ so called, apparently, from the 
several terraces. But Pliny (3. 9) says Praeneste was 
formerly called ‘‘ Stephane’’ (Wreath). 


417 
VOL. I. EE 


C 239 


STRABO 


ἐρυμνὴ μὲν οὖν ἑκατέρα, πολὺ δ᾽ ἐρυμνοτέρα 
Πραίνεστος" ἄκραν' γὰρ ἔχει τῆς μὲν πόλεως 
ὕπερθεν ὄρος ὑψηλόν, ὄπισθεν δ᾽ ἀπὸ τῆς συνε- 
χούσης ὀρεινῆς αὐχένι διεξευγμένον, ὑπεραῖρον 
καὶ δυσὶ σταδίοις τούτου πρὸς ὀρθίαν ἀνάβασιν. 
πρὸς δὲ τῇ ἐρυμνότητι καὶ διώρυξι κρυπταῖς 
διατέτρηται πανταχόθεν μέχρι τῶν πεδίων, ταῖς 
μὲν ὑδρείας χάριν, ταῖς δ᾽ ἐξόδων λαθραίων, ὧν 
ἐν μιᾷ Μάριος πολιορκούμενος ἀπέθανε. ταῖς 
μὲν οὖν ἄλλαις πόλεσι πλεῖστον τὸ εὐερκὲς πρὸς 
ἀγαθοῦ τίθεται, ΠΡραινεστίνοις δὲ συμφορὰ γεγέ- 
νηται διὰ τὰς “Ῥωμαίων στάσεις. καταφεύγουσι 
γὰρ ἐκεῖσε οἱ νεωτερίσαντες" ἐκπολιορκηθέντων 
δέ, πρὸς τῇ κακώσει τῆς πόλεως καὶ τὴν χώραν 
ἀπαλλοτριοῦσθαι συμβαίνει, τῆς αἰτίας μετα- 
φερομένης ἐπὶ τοὺς ἀναιτίους. ῥεῖ δὲ διὰ τῆς 
χώρας Οὐέρεστις ποταμός. πρὸς ἕω δὲ τῆς Ρώμης 
εἰσὶν al λεχθεῖσαι πόλεις. 

ἘΦ: ᾿Ενδοτέρω δὲ τῆς κατ᾽ αὐτὰς ὀρεινῆς ἄλλη 
ῥάχις ἐστί, μεταξὺ αὐλῶνα καταλείπουσα τὸν 


1 ἄκρα", Corais, for ἄκρον ; so the later editors. 


1 Aix Praenestina ; now Castel San Pietro. 

2 «This hill, which is of considerable elevation (being not 
less than 2400 feet above the sea, and more than 1200 above 
its immediate base), projects like a great buttress or bastion 
from the angle of the Apennines towards the Alban Hills ”’ 
(Bunbury, Dict. Geogr. 11, p. 665, quoted by Tozer). See 
Encyce. Brit. s.v. ““ Praeneste ”’ (J. G. Frazer). 

3 On the reservoirs of Praeneste, ‘‘ hollowed out in the 
rock of the mountain,”’ and the water-supply in general, see 
Magoffin, A Study of the Topography of Praeneste, Johns 
Hopkins University Historical Studies, 1908, p. 435. 


418 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 3. 11-12 


Now each is well fortified by nature, but Praeneste 
is much more so, since it has for a citadel! a high 
mountain which not only rises above the city but 
also in the rear is disjoined from the unbroken 
mountain range by a neck of land above which it 
rises as much as two stadia in a perpendicular 
ascent.2, And in addition to its natural strength, 
subterranean passages have been bored through it 
from all sides as far as the plains—some for water- 
supply,? others for secret exits (it was in one of these 
that Marius was put to death when he was being 
besieged). Now although in the case of all other 
cities, generally speaking, good defences are ac- 
counted a blessing, in the case of the Praenestini 
they have proved to be a misfortune, because of the 
seditions among the Romans. For all who have 
attempted a revolution take refuge in Praeneste ; 
and, if forced by a siege to surrender, the inhabi- 
tants, in addition to the damage done to their city, 
meet with the further misfortune that their territory 
is alienated, the guilt being transferred to the 
guiltless.4 The Verestis® River flows through the 
territory in question. The aforesaid cities are to the 
east of Rome. 

12. But still closer to Rome than the mountainous 
country ® where these cities lie, there is another 
ridge, which leaves a valley (the valley near 


4 For example, in 198 B.c., when there was an uprising of 
slaves ; in 82 B.c., when the younger Marius made Praeneste 
his headquarters. And in 63 B.c. Catiline sought to occupy 
Praeneste for headquarters but his effort was frustrated by 
the consul (Cicero, Against Catiline 1. 8). 

5 The ‘‘ Verestis’’ is otherwise unknown. 

δ The Volscian Mountains. 


419 


STRABO 


κατὰ "Λλγιδον, ὑψηλὴ μέχρι τοῦ ᾿Αλβανοῦ ἐ ὄρους. 
ἐπὶ ταύτης δὴ τὸ Τοῦσκλον ἵδρυται, πόλις οὐ 
φαύλως κατεσκευασμένη" κεκόσμηται δὲ ταῖς 
κύκλῳ φυτείαις καὶ οἰκοδομίαις, καὶ μάλιστα 
ταῖς ὑποπιπτούσαις ἐπὶ τὸ κατὰ τὴν Ῥώμην 
μέρος. τὸ γὰρ Τούσκουλον ἐνταῦθα ἐστὶ λόφος 
εὔγεως καὶ εὔυδρος, κορυφούμενος ἠρέμα πολ- 
λαχοῦ καὶ δεχόμενος βασιλείων κατασκευὰς 
ἐκπρεπεστάτας. συνεχῆ δ᾽ ἐστὶ καὶ τὰ τῷ 
ae 
᾿Αλβανῷ Opel UTOTLMTOVTA, τὴν αὐτὴν TE ἀρετὴν 
ἔχοντα καὶ κατασκευήν. ἐφεξῆς δ᾽ ἐστὶ πεδία, 
τὰ μὲν πρὸς τὴν Ῥώμην συνάπτοντα καὶ τὰ 
προάστεια αὐτῆς, τὰ δὲ πρὸς τὴν θάλατταν" τὰ 
μὲν οὖν πρὸς τὴν θάλατταν ἧττόν ἐστιν ὑγιεινά, 
τὰ δὲ ἄλλα εὐώγωγά τε καὶ παραπλησίως 
ἐξησκημένα. μετὰ δὲ τὸ ᾿Αλβανὸν ᾿Αρικία ἐστὶ 
πόλις ἐπὶ τῇ ὁδῷ τῇ ᾿Αππίᾳ' στάδιοι δ᾽ εἰσὶν 
ἐκ τῆς Ῥώμης ἑκατὸν ἑξήκοντα' κοῖλος δ᾽ ἐστὶν ὁ 
τόπος, ἔχει δ᾽ ὅμως ἐρυμνὴν ἄκραν. ὑπέρκειται δ᾽ 
αὐτῆς τὸ μὲν Λανούιον, πόλις Ῥωμαίων, ἐν 
δεξιᾷ τῆς ᾿Αππίας ὁδοῦ, ἀφ᾽ ἧς ἔποπτος ἥ τε 
΄ uf 3 \ Neo? x be) VA 

θάλασσά ἐστι καὶ τὸ Ἄντιον, τὸ ὃ Ἀρτεμίσιο!", 
ὃ καλοῦσι Νέμος, ἐκ τοῦ ἐν ἀριστερᾷ μέρους τῆς 
ὁδοῦ τοῖς 5 ἐξ ᾿Αρικίας ἀναβαίνουσιν. τῆς 

᾿Αρικίνης τὸ ἱερὸν λέγουσιν ἀφίδρυμά tu? τῆς 


1 Λανούιον, Cluvier, for Λανουίνιον ; so the later editors. 

* σοῖς, Siebenkees from conj. of Cluvier, for τῆς ; so 
generally the later editors. 

3 The reading avaBaivovow....... ἀφίδρυμά τι i8 that 
of Groskurd (so Meineke and others) for ἀναβαίνουσιν eis τὴν 
δ᾽ ᾿Αρικίνην τὸ ἱερόν. λέγουσι δι᾽ ἀφιδρύματα. 


1 Mt. Albanus, now Monte Cavo, is the highest summit. 
* That is, on one’s way from Tusculum. 


420 


GEOGRAPHY, «. 3. 12 


Algidum) between them and is high as far as Mt. 
Albanus.!. It is on this chain that Tusculum is 
situated, a city with no mean equipment of build- 
ings; and it is adorned by the plantings and villas 
encircling it, and particularly by those that extend 
below the city in the general direction of the 
city of Rome; for here Tusculum is a fertile and 
well-watered hill, which in many places rises gently 
into crests and admits of magnificently devised royal 
palaces. Adjoining this hill are also the foothills 
of Mt. Albanus, with the same fertility and the 
same kind of palaces. Then, next, come the plains, 
some connecting with Rome and its suburbs, and 
others with the sea. Now although the plains that 
connect with the sea are less healthful, the others 
are both pleasant to dwell in and decked out in 
similar manner. After Mt. Albanus? comes Aricia, 
a city on the Appian Way; it is one hundred and 
sixty stadia distant from Rome. Aricia lies in a 
hollow, but for all that it has a naturally strong 
citadel. Above Aricia lies, first, on the right hand 
side of the Appian Way, Lanuvium,* a city of the 
Romans, from which both the sea and Antium are 
visible, and, secondly, to the left of the Way as you 
go up from Aricia, the Artemisium, which they call 
Nemus.° The temple of the Arician,® they say, is a 


3 The ancient Aricia lay in the ‘‘ Vallis Aricina’’ (now 
‘¢ Valle Aricciana’’), an extinct crater below the modern town 
of Ariccia, which latter occupies the site of the ancient 
citadel, a steep hill. 

4 <*‘Tavinium,”’ the reading of the MSS., has rightly been 
emended to ‘‘ Lanuvium.”’ ‘‘Owing to a curious confusion 
between this place and Lavinium, which dates back to the 
middle ages, its modern name is ‘Civita Lavinia’ ”’ (Tozer, 
Selections, Ὁ. 159). 5 That is ‘‘ Nemus Dianae.”’ 

6 Sc. ‘‘ Diana,’’ that is, ‘‘ Artemis.” 


421 


C 240 


STRABO 


Lea καὶ γὰρ τι βαρβαρικὸν κρατεῖ καὶ 
Σκυθικὸν περὶ τὸ ἱερὸν ἔθος. καθίσταται γὰρ 
ἱερεὺς ὁ γενηθεὶς αὐτόχειρ τοῦ ἱερωμένοὺυ πρό- 
τερον δραπέτης ἀνήρ᾽ ξιφήρης οὖν ἐστιν ἀεί, 
περισκοπῶν τὰς ἐπιθέσεις, ἕτοιμος ἀμύνεσθαι. 
τὸ δ᾽ ἱερὸν ἐν ἄλσει, πρόκειται δὲ λίμνη πελαγί- 
ζουσα, κύκλῳ δ᾽ ὀρεινὴ συνεχὴς ὀφρὺς περίκειται 
καὶ λίαν!" ὑψηλὴ καὶ τὸ ἱερὸν καὶ τὸ ὕδωρ 
ἀπολαμβάνουσα ἐν κοίλῳ τόπῳ καὶ βαθεῖ. τὰς 
μὲν οὖν πηγὰς ὁρᾶν ἐστιν, ἐξ ὧν ἡ λίμνη 
πληροῦται" τούτων δ᾽ ἐστὶν ἡ 3 Ἠγερία καλουμένη, 
δαίμονός τινος ἐπώνυμος" αἱ δ᾽ ἀπορρύσεις ἐνταῦθα 
μὲν ἄδηλοί εἰσιν, ἔξω δὲ δείκνυνται πόρρω πρὸς 
τὴν ἐπιφάνειαν ἀνέχουσαι. 

13. Πλησίον δ᾽ ἐστὶ τῶν χωρίων τούτων καὶ 
᾿Αλβανὸν ¢ ὄρος πολὺ ὑπερκῦπτον τοῦ ᾿Δρτεμισίου 
καὶ τῶν περὶ αὐτὸ ὀφρύων, καίπερ ὑψηλῶν οὐσῶν 
καὶ ὀρθίων ἱκανῶς. ἔχει é καὶ τοῦτο λίμνην 
πολὺ μείξω τῆς κατὰ τὸ ᾿Αρτεμίσιον.ὃ προσωτέρω 
δὲ τούτων αἱ λεχθεῖσαι πρότερον πόλεις τῆς 
Λατίνης εἰσί. μάλιστα δ᾽ ἐν μεσογαίᾳ τῶν 
Λατίνων πόλεών ἐστιν ἡ ἴἤΑλβα, ὁμοροῦσα 

1 λίαν, Corais (who omits xa‘), for play; so the later 
editors. 

2 ἡ ᾿Ηγερία, Corais, for ἱερεία ; so Meineke. 

3 ὄρος after ᾿Αρτεμίσιον, Corais deletes; so generally the 
editors, including Meineke. 


1 Thatis, ‘‘ Artemis Tauropolos ’’—Artemis in her capacity 
as goddess of the Tauri. 

2 The ‘‘Scythian element ’’ referred to is the sacrifice of 
strangers by the Tauri, as described, for example, in Euri- 
pides’ Jphigeneia among the Taurt. 

3 Strabo refers to the Lacus Nemorensis (now Lago di 


A422 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 3. 12-13 


copy of that of the Tauropolos.t And in fact a 
barbaric, and Scythian,? element predominates in 
the sacred usages, for the people set up as priest 
merely a run-away slave who has slain with his own 
hand the man previously consecrated to that office ; 
accordingly the priest is always armed with a sword, 
looking around for the attacks, and ready to defend 
himself. The temple is in a sacred grove, and in 
front of it is a lake which resembles an open sea, 
and round about it in a circle lies an unbroken 
and very high mountain-brow, which encloses both 
the temple and the water in a place that is 
hollow and deep. You can see the springs, it is 
true, from which the lake is fed (one of them is 
“ Kgeria,”’ as it is called after a certain deity), but 
the outflows at the lake itself are not apparent, 
though they are pointed out to you at a distance 
outside the hollow, where they rise to the surface.® 

13. Near these places is also Mt. Albanus, which 
rises considerably above the Artemisium and the 
mountain-brows round about it, though they too are 
high and rather steep. This mountain also has a lake,* 
much larger than the one at the Artemisium. The 
previously mentioned cities of Latium® are farther 
away © than these places. But of all the cities of 
Latium, Alba? is the farthest in the interior, since 


Nemi), an extinct crater three miles in circumference and 
over three hundred feet deep. It is now drained hy an 
artificial emissarium, According to Servius (note on Virgil, 
Aeneid 7. 515) it was called by the Latini the ‘‘ Speculum ” 
(‘‘ mirror ’’) of Diana. 

4 Lacus Albanus, now Lago di Albano. 

5 Tibur and Praeneste. 

6 That is, from Rome—the same standpoint as at beginning 
of § 9. 7 Alba Fucens, 


423 


STRABO 


a ᾽ la! la 
Μαρσοῖς" ἵδρυται δ᾽ ἐφ᾽ ὑψηλοῦ πάγου λίμνης 1 
id [4 \ 7 lal 
Povkivas πλησίον, πελαγίας TO μέγεθος: χρῶνται 
᾽ ΕῚ A / \ \ \ / e 
δ᾽ αὐτῇ μάλιστα μὲν Mapoot καὶ πάντες οἱ 
\ \ ων , 
πλησιόχωροι. φασὶ δ᾽ αὐτὴν καὶ πληροῦσθαί 
ποτε μέχρι τῆς ὀρεινῆς καὶ ταπεινοῦσθαι πάλιν, 
Φ ᾽ ᾽ / \ , if ἃ 
ὥστ᾽ ἀναψύχειν τοὺς λιμνωθέντας τόπους καὶ 
γεωργεῖσθαι παρέχειν, ἤτοι μεταστάσεις TOV 
κατὰ βάθους ὑγρῶν σποράδην καὶ ἀδήλως 
7 7 ᾽ b] / A J 
γίνονται, πάλιν δ᾽ ἐπισυρρέουσιν, ἢ τελέως 
, 
ἐκλείπουσιν αἱ πηγαὶ καὶ πάλιν συνθλίβονται, 
“ 3 , 
καθάπερ ἐπὶ τοῦ ᾿Αμενάνου συμβαίνειν φασὶ 
[οὶ \ / ‘ 
τοῦ διὰ Κατάνης ῥέοντος" ἐκλείπει yap ἐπὶ πολλὰ 
” ~¥ / cn 3’ \ aA tA > x 
ἔτη καὶ πάλιν ῥεῖ. ἐκ δὲ τῆς Φουκίνας εἶναι tas 
\ e an m , a 
πηγὰς ἱστοροῦσι τοῦ Μαρκίου ὕδατος τοῦ τὴν 
€ “4 / \ Ν . > lal 
Ρώμην ποτίζοντος καὶ Tapa τἄλλα εὐδοκιμοῦντος 
e/ A \ \ \ 3 ΄, A 7 
ὕδατα. τῇ δὲ "AABa διὰ τὸ ἐν βάθει τῆς χώρας 
« a \ \ \ 3 \ b] \ an 3 7 
ἱδρῦσθαι καὶ διὰ τὸ εὐερκὲς ἀντὶ φρουρᾶς ἐχρή- 
« “Ὁ \ lal 
σαντο πολλάκις Ῥωμαῖοι, τοὺς φυλακῆς δεομένους 
a / 
ἐνταῦθα καθείργοντες. 


A ntieys es , πελαγίας, Meineke, for λίμνη. 
πελαγία. 


1 Lago di Fucino (Celano) was completely drained by 
Prince Torlonia, 1855-1869 a.p. 

2 That is, the flowing waters in the depths of the earth 
(cp. 3. 5. 7), a8 distinguished from the ‘‘ springs ”’ by which 
Strabo always means the mouths at the surface of the earth. 


424 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 3. 13 


it is on the confines of the Marsi; it is situated on ἃ 
lofty rock, near Lake Fucinus,! which in size is like 
an open sea. The lake is used mostly by the Marsi 
and all the neighbouring peoples. They say that it 
not only fills up sometimes as far as the mountainous 
country, but also lowers again enough to permit the 
places which have been converted into marshes to 
get dry and to be tilled—whether it be that changes 
take place, sporadically and in a way that is not 
apparent, in the flow of the waters down in the 
depths,” and that they flow back together again, or 
that the springs completely fail and then by pres- 
sure are brought together again—as is said to be the 
case with the Amenanus, the river that tlows through 
Catana, for it fails for many years and: then flows 
again.? It is from Lake Fucinus, the story goes, 
that the springs of the Aqua Marcia come,* which 
brings drinking-water to Rome and has the highest 
repute as compared with the other waters. Because 
of the fact that Alba is situated deep in the interior 
of the country, and is also well-walled, the Romans 
often used it for a prison, shutting up therein those 
who have to be kept under guard.°® 


3 The result, apparently, of volcanic action in Mt. Aetna 
from which it flows. 

4 The ‘‘ Aqua Marcia”’ was one of the Roman aqueducts, and 
its principal reservoir was near Sublaqueum (now Subiaco). 
The story was that the River Pitonius (now Pedogna) rose 
in the mountains of the Peligni, flowed through Lake Fucinus 
without mingling with its waters, then disappeared in the 
earth, and finally came forth as the ‘‘ Marcian Waters ”’ near 
Sublaqueum. Pliny himself (31. 24) believed the story (see 
Tozer, Selections, p. 162). 

5 For instance, Syphax, King of Numidia (Livy 30. 17), 
Perseus, King of Macedonia (Livy 45. 42), and Bituitus, 
King of the Arverni (Valerius Max. 9. 6, and Livy Hpit. 61). 


425 


C 241 


STRABO 


Ἂν 


1. ᾿Επεὶ δ᾽ ἀπὸ τῶν προσαλπίων ἐθνῶν ἀρξάμενοι 
καὶ τῶν πρὸς αὐτοῖς ὀρῶν τῶν ᾿Απεννίνων, ἔπειθ᾽ 
ὑπερβάντες ταῦτα τὴν ἐντὸς ἐπήλθομεν πᾶσαν 
ὅση μεταξὺ κεῖται τοῦ Τυρρηνικοῦ πελάγους καὶ 
τῶν ᾿Απεννίνων ὀρῶν τῶν κεκλιμένων πρὸς τὸν 
᾿Αδρίαν μέχρι Σαυνιτῶν καὶ Καμπανῶν, νῦν 
ἐπανιόντες δηλώσομεν τὰ ἐν τοῖς ὄρεσι τούτοις 
οἰκοῦντα καὶ ταῖς ὑπωρείαις τῆς τε ἐκτὸς μέχρι 
τῆς παραλίας τῆς ᾿Αδριατικῆς καὶ τῆς ἐντός. 
ἀρκτέον δὲ πάλιν ἀπὸ τῶν Κελτικῶν ὅρων. 

2. ἔστι δ᾽ ἡ Πικεντίνη μετὰ τὰς τῶν ᾽᾿Ομβρικῶν 
πόλεις τὰς μεταξὺ ᾿Αριμίνου καὶ ᾿Αγκῶνος. 
ὥρμηνται δ᾽ ἐκ τῆς Σαβίνης οἱ Πικεντῖνοι, δρυο- 
κολάπτου τὴν ὁδὸν ἡγησαμένου τοῖς “ἀρχηγέταις, 
ἀφ᾽ οὗ καὶ τοὔνομα" πῖκον γὰρ τὸν ὄρνιν τοῦτον 
ὀνομάζουσι, καὶ νομίζουσιν "“Apews ἱερόν. οἰκοῦσι 
δ᾽ ἀπὸ τῶν ὀρῶν ἀρξάμενοι μέχρι τῶν πεδίων καὶ 
τῆς θαλάττης, ἐπὶ μῆκος ηὐξημένην ἔχοντες 
μᾶλλον ἢ πλάτος τὴν χώραν, ἀγαθὴν πρὸς 
ἅπαντα, βελτίω δὲ τοῖς ξυλίνοις καρποῖς ἢ τοῖς 
σιτικοῖς. ἔστι δ᾽ εὖρος μὲν τὸ ἀπὸ τῶν ὀρῶν 
ἐπὶ θάλατταν ἀνώμαλον τοῖς διαστήμασι, μῆκος 
δ᾽ ἀπὸ Αἴσιος ποταμοῦ μέχρι Κάστρου παρά- 
πλουν ἐ ἔχον σταδίων ὁ ὀκτακοσίων. πόλεις δ᾽ ᾿Αγκὼν 
μὲν EXAnvis, Συρακουσίων κτίσμα τῶν φυγόντων 
τὴν Διονυσίου τυραννίδα: κεῖται δ᾽ ἐπ᾽ ἄκρας μὲν 


1 That is, the southern boundaries of Cisalpine Celtica 
(Gaul); see 5. 1.3 and 5, 2. 10. 
2 Picenum. 


426 


ΠΟ ΠΑΡΕΙΥ ε. τὸ Σ 


IV 


1. I began with the tribes that live next to the 
Alps, and with that part of the Apennine Mountains 
which lies next to them, and then, passing over that 
part, traversed all the country on this side which lies 
between the Tyrrhenian Sea and that part of the 
Apennine Mountains which bends towards the 
Adriatic and stretches to the countries of the Sam- 
nitae and the Campani; I shall now, therefore, go 
back and indicate the tribes that live in these 
mountains, and also in the foothills both of the 
country outside the mountains, as far as the Adriatic 
seaboard, and of the country this side. But I must 
begin again with the Celtic boundaries.1 

2, Next after those cities of the Ombrici that are 
between Ariminum and Ancona comes the Picentine 
country.2, The Picentini are originally from the 
Sabine country, a woodpecker having led the way 
for their progenitors; and hence their name, for 
they call this bird “ picus,” and consider it sacred 
to Mars. The country they live in begins at the 
mountains and extends as far as the plains and 
the sea, thus having increased in length more than 
breadth ; it is good for every use to which it may be 
put, though better for fruits than for grain. Its 
breadth—that from the mountains to the sea—taken 
at the different intervals, is irregular, while its 
length, by a voyage along the coast from the Aesis 
River to Castrum, is eight hundred stadia. Its cities 
are, first, Ancona, a Greek city, founded by the 
Syracusans who fled from the tyranny of Dionysius ; 
it is situated on a promontory, which by its curve 


8 That is, at the different cities on the seacoast. 


427 


STRABO 


λιμένα εἰπε eins τῇ πρὸς τὰς ἄρκτους 
ἐπιστροφῇ, σφόδ ρα δ᾽ εὔοινός ἐστι καὶ πυροφόρος." 
πλησίον δ᾽ αὐτῆς Αὔξουμον πόλις μικρὸν ὑπὲρ 
τῆς θαλάττης" εἶτα Σεπτέμπεδα καὶ IIvevevtia 
καὶ Ilotevtia καὶ Φίρμον Πικηνόν' ἐπίνειον δὲ 
ταύτης Κάστελλον. ἐφεξῆς δὲ τὸ τῆς Κύπρας 
ἱερόν, Τυρρηνῶν ἵδρυμα καὶ κτίσμα: τὴν δ᾽ Ἥραν 
ἐκεῖνον Κύπραν καλοῦσιν" εἶτα 'Γρουνεντῖνος πο- 
ταμὸς καὶ πόλις ἐπώνυμος" εἶτα Kaotpovvoovp” 
καὶ ὁ Ματρῖνος ποταμός, ῥέων ἀπὸ τῆς Adptavav 
πόλεως, ἔχων ἐπίνειον τῆς ,᾿Δδρίας ἐπώνυμον 
ἑαυτοῦ. ἔστι δ᾽ ἐν τῇ μεσογαίᾳ καὶ αὕτη καὶ τὸ 
᾿Ασκλον τὸ ΤΠπκηνόν, ἐρυμνότατον χωρίον καὶ " 

ἐφ᾽ ᾧ κεῖται τὸ τεῖχος, καὶ τὰ περικείμενα ὄρη 
στρατοπέδοις οὐ βάσιμα. ὑπὲρ δὲ τῆς Πεκεντίνης 
Οὐηστῖνοί te καὶ Μαρσοὶ καὶ Ἰ]ελίγνοι καὶ 
Μαρρουκῖνοι καὶ Φρεντανοί, Σαυνιτικὸν ἔθνος, 
τὴν ὀρεινὴν κατέχουσιν, ἐφαπτόμενοι μικρὰ τῆς 
θαλάττης. ἔστι δὲ τὰ ἔθνη ταῦτα μικρὰ μέν, 
ἀνδρικώτατα δὲ καὶ πολλάκις τὴν ἀρετὴν ταύτην 
ἐπιδεδειγμένα Ῥωμαίοις, πρῶτον μέν, ἡνίκα ἐπο- 
λέμουν' δεύτερον δέ, ὅτε συνεστράτευον᾽ τρίτον 


1 πυροφόρος, Corais, for εὐπυροφόρος : ; see Meineke. 
2 Καστρουνόουμ (Corais, πνόβουμ; Meineke, —vdovy) Jones, 
for καὶ τρουνόουμ (see Aixovovx—, 5. 2. 9). 
3 After καὶ Kramer suggests the insertion of διὰ τὸν λόφον. 
Since Groskurd the editors indicate a lacuna after καί. 


1 «Pneuentia” is otherwise unknown; perhaps Strabo 
wrote ‘‘ Pollentia” (see Corais-du Theil-Letronne, Vol. I1., 
p. 236, and Nissen, Jtalische Landeskunde, Vol. 11., p. 422. 

2 Castellum Firmanorum, now Porto di Ferno or Porto San 
Giorgio. 

3 In Latin, ‘‘ Cuprae Fanum.” 


428 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 4. 2 


towards the north encloses a harbour; and it is 
exceedingly productive of wine and wheat. Near 
it is the city of Auxumum, which is a short distance 
above the sea; then Septempeda, Pneuentia,! 
Potentia and Firmum Picenum (its port-town is 
Castellum).2 Next in order comes the temple of 
Cupra,’ which was established, and founded as a city, 
by the Tyrrheni, who call Hera “Cupra”; then, 
the River Truentinus 4 and the city named after it ;° 
then Castrum Novum, and the River Matrinus ® 
(which flows from the city of the Adriani’), on 
which is Adria’s port-town,’ named after the river. 
Not only is Adria in the interior, but also Asculum 
Picenum, a place that is well fortified by nature, not 
only where the wall is situated—but also the 
mountains that lie round about it are impassable 
for armies.? Beyond the Picentine country are the 
Vestini, the Marsi, the Peligni, the Marrucini, and 
the Frentani (a Samnitic tribe); they occupy the 
mountain-country there, their territory touching 
upon the sea for only short stretches. ‘These tribes 
are small, it is true, but they are very brave and 
oftentimes have exhibited this virtue to the Romans: 
first, when they went to war against them; a second 
time, when they took the field with them as allies ; 


+ Now the Tronto. 

> Truentum, also called Castrum Truentinum. 

6 Now the Piomba. 

? Adria, or Hadria. 8 Matrinum. 

9 The words ‘‘not only... armies” are awkward in 
English as in the Greek, but the meaning is clear enough. 
Kramer’s guess (see critical note on opposite page) would 
yield the following: ‘‘not only on account of the hill on 
which the wall is situated, but also (on account of) the 
mountains that le round about it, which are impassable for 
armies.” 


429 


STRABO 


δ᾽, ὅτε δεόμενοι τυχεῖν ἐλευθερίας καὶ πολιτείας 
μὴ τυγχάνοντες ἀπέστησαν καὶ τὸν Μαρσικὸν 
καλούμενον ἐξῆψαν πόλεμον, Κορφίνιον, τῶν 
Πελίγνων μητρόπολιν, κοινὴν ἅπασι τοῖς ᾿Ιταλιώ- 
ταις ἀποδείξαντες πόλιν ἀντὶ τῆς “Ρώμης, ὁρμη- 
τήριον τοῦ πολέμου, μετονομασθεῖσαν ᾿Ιταλικήν, 
καὶ ἐνταῦθα δὴ" τοὺς συνεπομένους ἀθροίσαντες 
καὶ χειροτονήσαντες ὑπάτους καὶ στρατηγούς" 
δύο δ᾽ ἔτη συνέμειναν ἐν τῷ πολέμῳ, μέχρι 
διεπράξαντο τὴν κοινωνίαν περὶ ἧς ἐπολέμουν. 
Μαρσικὸν δὲ ὠνόμασαν τὸν πόλεμον ἀπὸ τῶν 
ἀρξάντων τῆς ἀποστάσεως, καὶ μάλιστα ἀπὸ 
Πομπαιδίον. τὰ μὲν οὖν ἄλλα κωμηδὸν ζῶσιν, 
ἔχουσι δὲ καὶ πόλεις ὑπὲρ μὲν τῆς θαλάττης 
τὸ τε Κορφίνιον καὶ Σούλμων " καὶ Μαρούιον καὶ 
Τεάτε 8 τὴν τῶν Μαρρουκίνων μητρόπολιν. ἐπ᾽ 
αὐτῇ δὲ τῇ, θαλάττῃ τό τε "A repvov, ὃ ὅμορον τῇ 
Πεικεντίνῃ, ὁμώνυμον δὲ τῷ ποταμῷ τῷ διορίζοντι 
τήν τε Οὐηστίνην καὶ τὴν Μαρρουκίνην' ῥεῖ γὰρ 
ἐκ τῆς ᾿Αμιτερνίνης, διὰ δὲ Οὐηστίνων, παρα- 
λιπὼν ἐν δεξιᾷ τοὺς Μαρρουκίνους ὑπὲρ“ τῶν 
Πελίγνων κειμένους, ζεύγματι περατός. τὸ δὲ 
πόλισμα τὸ ἐπώνυμον αὐτοῦ Οὐηστίνων μέν 


1 δή, Kramer, for δέ; so the later editors. 

2 SovAuwy, Jones, for SovAuov; Meineke emends to 
Σούλμωνα. 

8 Tedte, Jones, for Τεγεάτην (C.), Τεαγεάτην (Β.) ; Miiller- 
Diibner and Meineke read Τεατέαν. 

4 +g, after ὑπέρ, the editors omit. 


1 But on coins the name is spelled ‘‘ Italia,” not ‘‘ Italica ” 
(Pauly-Wissowa, s.v. ‘“‘ Corfinium”’). 


430 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 4. 2 


and a third time when, begging for freedom and 
political rights without getting them, they revolted 
and kindled what is called the Marsic War, for they 
proclaimed Corfinium (the metropolis of the Peligni) 
the common city for all the Italiotes, instead of 
Rome, making it their base of operations for the 
war and changing its name to Italica;+ and here it 
was that they mustered all their followers and 
elected consuls and praetors.? And they persisted 
in the war for two years, until they achieved the 
partnership for which they went to war. The war 
was named “ Marsic”’ after the people who began 
the revolt, Pompaedius in particular.2 Now these 
peoples live in villages, generally speaking, but they 
also have cities: first, above the sea, Corfinium, 
Sulmon, Maruvium, and Teate,* the metropolis of 
the Marrucini. And, secondly, on the sea itself, 
Aternum, which borders on the Picentine country 
and is of like name with the river® that separates 
the Vestine country from the Marrucine; for it flows 
from the territory of Amiternum, and through the 
Vestine country, leaving on its right that part of 
the Marrucine country which lies above the Peligni 
(it may be crossed by a pontoon-bridge).6 But 
although the little city 7 that is named after the river 


2 They chose two consuls and twelve praetors, in imitation 
of the Roman government (see Nissen, [talische Landeskunde, 
Vol. II., p. 448, and also Corais-du Theil-Letronne, Vol. I1., 
p. 242. 

3 Pompaedius Silo, the Marsian, was killed in battle in 
88 B.c., shortly before the end of the war. 


4 Now Chieti. 5 The Aternus. 
6 On this bridge, see Nissen, Jtalische Landeskunde, Vol. 
ΤΙ p. 439. 


7 The same Aternum above-mentioned. 


431 


Ο 242 


STRABO 


ἐστι, κοινῷ δ᾽ ἐπινείῳ χρῶνται καὶ οἱ Πελίγνοι 
καὶ οἱ Mappoveivor: διέχει δὲ τὸ ζεῦγμα τέτταρας 
καὶ εἴκοσι σταδίους ἀπὸ Κορφινίου. μετὰ δὲ 
"Atepvov Ὄρτων, ἐπίνειον Φρεντανῶν, καὶ Βοῦκα, 
καὶ αὐτὴ 1 Φρεντανῶν, ὅμορος Τεάνῳ τῷ ᾿Απούχῳ. 
᾿Ορτώνιόνξ ἐστιν ἐν τοῖς Φρεντάνοις, πέτραι 
λῃστρικῶν ἀνθρώπων, οἷς αἱ οἰκήσεις ἀπὸ τῶν 
ναυαγίων πήγνυνται καὶ τἄλλα θηριώδεις εἶναι 
λέγονται.3 μεταξὺ δὲ "Optwvos καὶ ᾿Ατέρνου ὁ 
Σάγρος ποταμὸς ὁρίζων τοὺς Φρεντανοὺς ἀπὸ 
τῶν Πελίγνων: ὁ δὲ παράπλους ἀπὸ τῆς Le- 
κεντίνης ἐπὶ τοὺς ᾿Απούλους ods οἱ “EXAnves 
Aavvious καλοῦσι, σταδίων ἐστὶν ὅσον τετρα- 
κοσίων ἐνενήκοντα. 

3. Ἑξῆς δὲ μετὰ τὴν Λατίνην ἐστὶν ἥ τε Καμ- 
πανία, παρήκουσα τῇ θαλάττῃ, καὶ ὑπὲρ ταύτην 
ἡ Σαυνῖτις ἐν μεσογαίᾳ μέχρι Φρεντανῶν καὶ τῶν 
Δαυνίων, εἶτ᾽ αὐτοὶ Δαύνιοι καὶ τἄλλα ἔθνη τὰ 
μέχρι τοῦ Σικελικοῦ πορθμοῦ. πρῶτον δὲ περὶ 
τῆς Καμπανίας ῥητέον. ἔστι δ᾽ ἀπὸ τῆς Σινοέσσης 
ἐπὶ μὲν τὴν ἑξῆς παραλίαν κόλπος εὐμεγέθης 
μέχρι Μισηνοῦ, κἀκεῖθεν ἄλλος κόλπος πολὺ 


1 αὐτή, Groskurd, for αὐτό; so the later editors. 

2 See note 2 below. 

8 χέγονται is not found in the earlier MSS., and only 
in n Ὁ. 


1 Apparently what is now Termoli (see Pauly-Wissowa, 
s.v., and Nissen, Vol. II., p. 783). 

‘‘Ortonium” is otherwise unknown. The text appears 
to be corrupt, but all emendations are mere guesses. Meineke 
relegates the whole sentence to the foot of the page. We 
should have expected Strabo to refer here to the Frento River 
as the southern boundary of the country of the Frentani. 


432 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 4. 2-3 


belongs to the Vestini, it is used as a common port 
both by the Peligni and the Marrucini. The pontoon- 
bridge is twenty-four stadia distant from Corfinium. 
After Aternum comes Orton, the port-town of the 
Frentani, and then Buca! (it too belongs to the 
Frentani), whose territory borders on that of Teanum 
Apulum. Ortonium? is in the country of the 
Frentani, a cliff-town belonging to pirates, whose 
dwellings are pieced together from the wreckage of 
ships; and in every other respect they are said to 
be a bestial folk. Between Orton and Aternum is 
the Sagrus River, which separates the country of the 
Frentani from that of the Peligni? The voyage 
along the coast from the Picentine country to 
the country of those Apuli whom the Greeks 
call “ Daunii”* is about four hundred and ninety 
stadia. 

3. Next in order after Latium come both Campania, 
which stretches along the sea, and, above Campania, 
in the interior, the Samnite country,® which extends 
as far as the country of the Frentani and the Daunii; 
then the Daunii themselves, and the rest of the tribes 
on to the Sicilian Strait. But I must first speak of 
Campania. There isa fair-sized gulf which, beginning 
at Sinuessa, extends along the coast next thereafter 
as far as Misenum, and also another gulf, much larger 
than the first, which begins at Misenum; they call 


3 Ptolemaeus (3. 16) wrongly associates the mouth of the 
Sagrus with the country of the Peligni (cp. Nissen, Vol. 11., 
p. 778), for the Sagrus empties between Ortona and Histonium 
(not Aternum). Strabo’s assertion, however, might be inter- 
preted to mean, not the lower course, but the northerly fork, 
of the Sagrus ; otherwise he too is in error. 

4 Cp. 5. 1. 9 and 6. 3. 9. 5 Samnium. 


VOL, II. FF 


STRABO 


i A ,ὔ A δ᾽ ᾽ Ν K a 
μείζων τοῦ προτέρου, καλοῦσι δ᾽ αὐτὸν Kparipa, 
r n aA 3 , a 
ἀπὸ τοῦ Μισηνοῦ μέχρι tod ᾿Αθηναίου, δυεῖν 
\ \ , A 
ἀκρωτηρίων, κολπούμενον. ὑπὲρ δὲ τούτων τῶν 
, rn 4 9 iy. 
ἠιόνων Καμπανία πᾶσα ἵδρυται, πεδίον εὐδαιμονέ- 
A / 3 > a 
στατον τῶν ἁπάντων' περίκεινται δ᾽ αὐτῷ γεω- 
λοφίαι τε εὔκαρποι καὶ ὄρη τά τε τῶν Σαυνιτῶν 
\ \ a» ? / \ 4 \ 
καὶ τὰ τῶν Ὄσκων. ᾿Αντίοχος μὲν οὖν φησι τὴν 
n ft \ \ 
χώραν ταύτην ᾿Οπικοὺς οἰκῆσαι, τούτους δὲ Kal 
- VA ᾽ 4 he 
Αὔσονας καλεῖσθαι, ἸΠολύβιος δ᾽ ἐμφαίνει δύο 
Μ / “ 3 \ ΄ \ 
ἔθνη νομίζων tavta: ᾿Οπικοὺς yap now Kat 
na , \ 
Αὔσονας οἰκεῖν τὴν χώραν ταύτην περὶ τὸν 
a » 3 n 
Κρατῆρα. ἄλλοι δὲ λέγουσιν, οἰκούντων ᾿Οπικῶν 
/ / a 
πρότερον καὶ Αὐσόνων, Σιδικίνους 1 κατασχεῖν 
Ὁ 7 4 / 9 & \ ’ 
ὕστερον "Οσκων τι ἔθνος, τούτους δ᾽ ὑπὸ Κυμαίων, 
ἐκείνους δ᾽ ὑπὸ Τυρρηνῶν ἐκπεσεῖν" διὰ γὰρ τὴν 
/ \ 
ἀρετὴν περιμάχητον γενέσθαι TO πεδίον" δώδεκα 
7 \ x 
δὲ πόλεις ἐγκατοικίσαντας τὴν οἷον κεφαλὴν 
ed / 7 x \ \ A > 
ὀνομάσαι Καπύην. dia δὲ τὴν τρυφὴν εἰς pa- 
/ , aA 
λακίαν τραπομένους, καθάπερ τῆς περὶ τὸν Πάδον 
¢ x a 
χώρας ἐξέστησαν, οὕτω Kal ταύτης παραχωρῆσαι 
2 \ ig / A 
Σαυνίταις, τούτους δ᾽ ὑπὸ “Pwpaiwy ἐκπεσεῖν. 
A / a \ A a 
τῆς δ᾽ εὐκαρπίας ἐστὶ σημεῖον τὸ σῖτον ἐνταῦθα 
7, Ν rg / \ \ - 2 
γίνεσθαι τὸν κάλλιστον, λέγω δὲ τὸν πύρινον, ἐξ 
ka ς ΄, 
οὗ καὶ ὁ χόνδρος, κρείττων ὧν πάσης καὶ ὀρύξης 
Ore | 3. 3 an A e A , 
καὶ ἐν ὀλίγῳ σιτικῆς τροφῆς. ἱστορεῖται δ᾽ ἔνια 
1 Σιδικίνους, Madvig, and Niese independently, for οἱ δ᾽ 
ἐκείνους (see 5. 3. 10). Siebenkees, Corais, Groskurd, and 
Miiller-Diibner read μετ᾽ ἐκείνους; Kramer conjectures σὺν 


ἐκείνοις ; Meineke strangely omits the phrase altogether 
without comment. 


434 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 4. 3 


the latter! the “Crater,” 2 and. the “Crater” forms 
a bay between the two capes of Misenum® and 
Athenaeum.* Above these coasts lies the whole of 
Campania; it is the most blest of all plains, and 
round about it lie fruitful hills, and the mountains 
of the Samnitae and of the Osci. Antiochus,® it is 
true, says that the Opici once lived in this country 
and that “ they are also called Ausones,” but Polybius 
clearly believes that they are two different tribes, for 
he says “the Opici and the Ausones live in this 
country round about the Crater.’ Again, others 
say that, although at first it was inhabited by the 
Opici, and also by the Ausones,® later on it was 
taken by the Sidicini, an Oscan tribe,’ but the Sidi- 
cini were ejected by the Cumaei, and in turn the 
Cumaei by the Tyrrheni. For on account of its 
fertility, they continue, the plain became an object 
of contention; and the Tyrrheni founded twelve 
cities in the country and named their capital city 
“ Capua’ ;® but on account of their luxurious living 
they became soft, and consequently, just as they had 
been made to get out of the country round about the 
Padus,® so now they had to yield this country to the 
Samnitae; and in turn the Samnitae were ejected 
by the Romans. A proof of the fruitfulness of the 
country is that it produces the finest grain—I mean 
the wheat from which groats are made, which is 
superior, not only to every kind of rice, but also to 
almost every kind of grain-food. It is reported 


1 The Gulf of Naples. Ξε Dae S, 

3 Now Cape Miseno. 

4 In Latin, Minerva; now Punta della Campanella. 
5 Antiochus Syracusanus, the historian. 

6 See Pauly-Wissowa, s.v, 7 See 5. 3. 9. 

8 Cp. 5. 4. 10. ® See 5, 1. 10. 


435 


FF 2 


C 248 


STRABO 


A / ᾽ \ A 
TOV πεδίων σπείρεσθαι Ou ἔτους δὶς μὲν TH Cela, 
\ \ / 5 ie \ \ \ 7 n 
TO δὲ τρίτον ἐλύμῳ, τινὰ δὲ καὶ λαχανεύεσθαι τῷ 
τετάρτῳ σπόρῳ. καὶ μὴν τὸν οἶνον τὸν κράτιστον 
2 a » ¢ a \ / \ δὲ 
ἐντεῦθεν ἔχουσι Ῥωμαῖοι τὸν Φάλερνον καὶ τὸν 
Στατανὸν καὶ Kadnvov: ἤδη δὲ καὶ ὁ Σουρεντῖνος 

\ 
ἐνάμιλλος καθίσταται τούτοις, νεωστὶ πειρασθεὶς 
Ψ / ς ’ Ὁ af ' 
ὅτε παλαίωσιν δέχεται. ὡς δ᾽ αὕτως εὐέλαιός 
ἐστι καὶ πᾶσα ἡ περὶ τὸ Οὐέναφρον, ὅμορον τοῖς 
πεδίοις ὄν. 

A \ \ 
4, ἸΙόλεις δ᾽ ἐπὶ μὲν τῇ θαλάττῃ μετὰ τὴν 
/ / , \ A , 
Σινόεσσαν Aitepvov, ὅπου τὸ μνῆμα TO Σκιπίωνος 
A 4 ; ΄ 
τοῦ πρώτου προσαγορευθέντος ᾿Αφρικανοῦ: διέ- 
BS > la) \ a 2 \ \ 
τρίψε yap ἐνταῦθα τὸ τελευταῖον, ἀφεὶς τὰς 
/ / 
πολιτείας κατ᾿ ἀπέχθειαν τὴν πρός Tivas. 
παραρρεῖ δὲ ὁμώνυμος τῇ πόλει ποταμός. ὡς δ᾽ 
A € , A 
αὕτως καὶ OvovrTodpvos ὁμώνυμός ἐστι TH Tap’ 
νι ΣΝ ῇ 3 an VA Ca ’ Φ \ 
αὐτὸν πόλει ἐφεξῆς κειμένῃ: ῥεῖ δ᾽ οὗτος διὰ 
Οὐενάφρου καὶ τῆς Καμπανίας μέσης. ταύταις 
’ A ᾽ὔ 
δ᾽ ἐφεξῆς ἐστι Κύμη, Χαλκιδέων καὶ Κυμαίων 
παλαιότατον κτίσμα' πασῶν γάρ ἐστι πρεσ- 
/ a la A , 
βυτάτη τῶν τε Σικελικῶν καὶ τῶν ᾿Ιταλιωτίδων. 
ς \ \ if x ς aA ς A 
οἱ δὲ τὸν στόλον ἄγοντες, ἱπποκλῆς ὁ Κυμαῖος 
ς ΄ / 
καὶ Μεγασθένης ὁ Χαλκιδεύς, διωμολογήσαντο 
Ν A if A. x an 
πρὸς σφᾶς αὐτούς, τῶν μὲν! ἀποικίαν εἶναι, TOV 
δὲ τὴν ἐπωνυμίαν' ὅθεν νῦν μὲν προσαγορεύεται 
A A / 
Κύμη, κτίσαι δ᾽ αὐτὴν Χαλκιδεῖς δοκοῦσι. πρό- 
\ 34 » ’ Ν \ A Ye 
τερον μὲν οὖν ηὐτύχει' Kal TO Φλεγραῖον καλού- 


1 But Meineke, following Corais, inserts τὴν before 
ἀποικίαν. Ἢ 


436 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 4. 3-4 


that, in the course of one year, some of the plains 
are seeded twice with spelt, the third time with 
millet, and others still the fourth time with vege- 
tables. _ And indeed it is from here that the Romans 
obtain their best wine, namely, the Falernian, the 
Statanian, and the Calenian,! though already the 
Surrentine wine is taking its place as a rival of 
the three, for recent tests show that it admits of 
ageing. And so, in the same way, all the country 
round about Venafrum, which is on the border 
of the plains, is well-supplied with the olive. 

4. The cities on the sea after Sinuessa are: 
Liternum, where is the tomb of Scipio, the one first 
to be called “ Africanus”; for he spent his last days 
here, giving up the affairs of state, so strong was his 
hatred for certain persons. A river? of like name 
flows by the city. And so, likewise, the Vulturnus 
has a name like that of the city which is situated 
beside it and which comes next in order after 
Sinuessa; this river flows through Venafrum and the 
centre of Campania. Next in order after these two 
cities comes Cumae,! a city founded in most ancient 
times by people from Chalcis and Cumae; for it is 
the oldest of all the Sicilian and the Italiote cities. 
However, the men who led the expedition, Hippocles 
of Cumae® and Megasthenes of Chalcis, made an 
agreement with one another that the city should be 
a colony of Chalcis, and a namesake of Cumae ; and, 
hence, although the city is now called Cumae, it is 
reputed to have been founded by the Chalcidians 
alone. In earlier times, then, the city was prosperous, 
and so was what is called the Phlegraean Plain, 


Cio: 3. Os 2 The Liternus. 3 Vulturnum. 
4. In Greek *‘ Cyme.” 5 The Euboean ‘‘ Cyme.” 


437 


C 244 


STRABO 


, ᾽ Φ \ \ \ , 
μενον πεδίον, ἐν ᾧ τὰ περὶ τοὺς Τίγαντας 
μυθεύουσιν, οὐκ ἄλλοθεν, ὡς εἰκός, ἀλλ᾽ ἐκ τοῦ 
περιμάχητον τὴν γῆν εἶναι δι’ ἀρετήν" ὕστερον 
δ᾽ οἱ Καμπανοὶ κύριοι καταστάντες τῆς πόλεως 
e/ 2 \ 3 V4 \ \ \ 
ὕβρισαν eis τοὺς ἀνθρώπους πολλά: καὶ δὴ Kal 
A aA , 2 ’ 
ταῖς γυναιξὶν αὐτῶν συνῴκησαν αὐτοί. ὅμως ὃ 
οὖν ἔτι σώζεται πολλὰ ἴχνη τοῦ Ἑλληνικοῦ 
a 7 ᾽ 
κόσμου καὶ τῶν νομίμων. ὠνομάσθαι δ᾽ ἔνιοι 
“Ὁ ᾿ Ν 
Κύμην ἀπὸ τῶν κυμάτων φασί: ῥαχιώδης γὰρ 
\ \ e , 3 4 SEEN δὲ \ 
καὶ προσεχὴς ὁ πλησίον αἰγιαλὸς. εἰσὶ ὃὲ καὶ 
a a A / 
κητεῖαιὶ παρ᾽ αὐτοῖς ἄρισται. ἐν δὲ τῷ κόλπῳ 
τούτῳ καὶ ὕλη τίς ἐστι θαμνώδης, ἐπὶ πολλοὺς 
, ἃ 
ἐκτεινομένη σταδίους, ἄνυδρος καὶ ἀμμώδης, ἣν 
Γαλλιναρίαν ὕλην καλοῦσιν. ἐνταῦθα δὴ λῃστή- 
pia συνεστήσαντο οἱ Πομπηίου Σέξτου ναύαρχοι 
καθ᾽ ὃν καιρὸν Σικελίαν ἀπέστησεν ἐκεῖνος. 
5. Πλησίον δὲ τῆς Κύμης τὸ Μισηνὸν ἀκρωτή- 
“Ὁ / an 
plov καὶ ἐν τῷ μεταξὺ ᾿Αχερουσία λίμνη, τῆς 
θαλάττης ἀνάχυσίς τις τεναγώδης. κάμψαντι δὲ 
x Ν \ > \ e \ na \ 
τὸ Μισηνὸν λιμὴν εὐθὺς ὑπὸ TH ἄκρᾳ, Kal μετὰ 
a 3 / JUN » / bd ὃ ς 
τοῦτον ἐγκολπίξζουσα nav εἰς βάθος, ἐν ἡ αἱ 
Βαῖαι καὶ τὰ θερμὰ ὕδατα τὰ καὶ πρὸς τρυφὴν 
/ a 
καὶ πρὸς θεραπείαν νόσων ἐπιτήδεια. ταῖς δὲ 
/ a X 
Βαίαις συνεχὴς 6 te Aoxpivos κόλπος Kal ἐντὸς 
a ς / la) 
τούτου ὁ Aopvos, χερρόνησον ποιῶν τὴν ἀπο- 
4 A A fo) 
λαμβανομένην μέχρι Μισηνοῦ γῆν ἀπὸ τῆς πλα- 


1 κητεῖαι, all editors, for κιττ(ε)ίαι. 


438 


GEOGRAPHY, «. 4. 4- 


which mythology has made the setting of the story 
of the Giants—for no other reason, it would seem, 
than that the land, on account of its excellence, was 
a thing to fight for; but later on, when the Campani 
became established as masters of the city, they 
committed numerous outrages against the people 
in general, and, what is more, cohabited with the 
wives of the citizens. Nevertheless, many traces 
of the Greek decorum and usages are still pre- 
served there. But according to some, “ Cumae”’ is 
named after the “ Kumata” ;! for the neighbouring 
shore is surfy and exposed to the wind. And Cumae 
also has the best fisheries for the catching of large 
fish. Moreover, on this gulf there is a forest of scrub 
trees, extending for many stadia over a waterless and 
sandy tract, which they call “Silva Gallinaria.”’ 2 
Here it was that the admirals of Sextus Pompeius 
assembled bands of pirates at that critical time when 
he caused Sicily to revolt.’ 

5. Near Cumae is Cape Misenum, and between 
them is the Acherusian Lake, a kind of shoal-water 
estuary of the sea. After you double Cape Misenum 
you immediately come to a harbour, at the base of 
the cape, and, after the harbour, to a stretch of coast 
which runs inland and forms a deeply indented gulf 
—the coast on which is situated Baiae, and those 
hot springs that are suited both to the taste of the 
fastidious and to the cure of disease. Contiguous to 
Baiae is Gulf Lucrinus,* and also, behind this gulf, 
Gulf Avernus,> which forms a peninsula of the land 
that is cut off as far as Misenum, beginning from the 


1 In Greek, ‘‘ billows.” 2 Poultry-Forest. 
Sep). 6.1: Ὁ: 4 Now Lake Lucrino. 
> Now Lake Ayerno, 


439 


STRABO 


/ 1 A \ ᾿ς \ > A \ , 
γίας + τῆς μεταξὺ Κύμης καὶ αὐτοῦ, λοιπὸς yap 
b] 3 / , ᾽ \ \ a , 
ἐστιν ὀλίγων σταδίων ἰσθμὸς διὰ τῆς διώρυγος 
3 3 ᾽ \ , \ \ \ ᾽ “Ὁ 2 θ / 
ἐπ᾿ αὐτὴν Κύμην, καὶ τὴν πρὸς avTn? θάλατταν. 
2 Lb ᾽ ¢ Aw Re a » a? / N \ N 
ἐμύθευον δ᾽ οἱ πρὸ ἡμῶν ἐν τῷ Aopy@ τὰ περὶ τὴν 
[4 \ A 
νέκυιαν τὴν “Ομηρικήν' καὶ δὴ καὶ νεκυομαντεῖον 
a a 7 bd / 
ἱστοροῦσιν ἐνταῦθα γενέσθαι καὶ ‘Odvacéa εἰς 
aA 9 > / 7 ᾽ Ε \ ” / 
τοῦτ᾽ ἀφικέσθαι. ἔστι δ᾽ ὁ μὲν “Aopvos κόλπος 
3 \ \ 3 , / \ / 
ἀγχιβαθὴς καὶ ἀρτίστομος, λιμένος καὶ μέγεθος 
’ / / 
καὶ φύσιν ἔχων, χρείαν δ᾽ ov παρεχόμενος λιμένος 
\ n \ fal , 
διὰ τὸ προκεῖσθαι τὸν Λοκρῖνον κόλπον προσ- 
a \ 7 » δ᾽ Crp Sh 
βραχῆ καὶ πολύν. περικλείεται ὁ "Λορνος 
2 7 5 7, ς / lé \ 
ὀφρύσιν ὀρθίαις, ὑπερκειμέναις πανταχόθεν πλὴν 
a nr / 
τοῦ εἴσπλου, νῦν μὲν ἡμέρως ἐκπεπονημέναις, 
/ \ / > lA e/ VA 
πρότερον δὲ συνηρεφέσιν ἀγρίᾳ ὕλῃ μεγαλοδένδρῳ 
καὶ ἀβάτῳ, αἱ κατὰ δεισιδαιμονίαν κατάσκιον 
᾽ « 
ἐποίουν τὸν κόλπον. προσεμύθευον δ᾽ οἱ ἐπιχώ- 
- if 
plot καὶ τοὺς ὄρνεις τοὺς ὑπερπετεῖς γινομένους 
5 ee 
καταπίπτειν εἰς TO ὕδωρ, φθειρομένους ὑπὸ τῶν 


1 πλαγίας, conjecture of C. Miiller, and Madvig, for πελα- 
ylas. Corais amends to παραλίας. Meineke relegates . τῆς 
πελαγίας to the foot of the page. 

2 αὐτῇ, Corais, for αὐτήν ; so Meineke. 


1 Agrippa connected Lake Avernus and Lake Lucrinus 
with a canal, and Lake Avernus with the port of Cumae 
with a tunnel. 

2 “Necyia” is the title the ancients gave to the eleventh 
book of the Odyssey, which tells the story of Odysseus’ 
descent into Hades and of the magic rites by which the 
ghosts of the dead were called up, and also relates the 
various conversations in Hades. 


440 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 4. 5 


transverse line which runs between Cumae and 
Avernus, for there remains an isthmus only a few 
stadia broad, that is, reckoning straight through the 
tunnel to Cumae itself and to the sea next to 
Cumae.t The people prior to my time were wont 
to make Avernus the setting of the fabulous story 
of the Homeric “Necyia”’;? and, what is more, 
writers tell us that there actually was an oracle of 
the dead here and that Odysseus visited it. Now 
Gulf Avernus is deep up to the very shore and has 
a clear outlet;? and it has both the size and 
character of a harbour, although it is useless as a 
harbour because of the fact that Gulf Lucrinus lies 
before it and is somewhat shallow as well as con- 
siderable in extent. Again, Avernus is enclosed 
round about by steep hill-brows that rise above it 
on all sides except where you sail into it (at the 
present time they have been brought by the toil 
of man into cultivation, though in former times they 
were thickly covered with a wild and untrodden 
forest of large trees); and these hill-brows, because 
of the superstition of man, used to make the gulf a 
shadowy place. And the natives used to add the 
further fable that all birds that fly over it fall down 
into the water, being killed by the vapours that 


3 Although the Romans called Lucrinus and Avernus 
‘‘lakes,” Strabo calls them ‘‘ gulfs”—the former a sea-gulf 
and the latter an inner gulf connecting with the former. 
The configuration of the country has been greatly changed 
since Strabo’s time, for instance, in 1538 A.p., when what is 
now Monte Nuova (455 ft.) was upheaved by volcanic 
eruption, and the area of Lake Lucrinus was much reduced. 

4 Cp. Virgil, Aeneid 6. 239 and Lucretius 6, 740. The word 
** Avernus ” means ‘‘ Birdless, ” 


441: 


STRABO 


ἀναφερομένων ἀέρων, καθάπερ ἐν τοῖς ἸΙλουτω- 
νίοις. καὶ τοῦτο"! χωρίον Πλουτώνιόν τι ὑπε- 
λάμβανον, καὶ τοὺς Κιμμερίους ἐνταῦθα γενέσθαι." 
καὶ εἰσέπλεόν γε οἱ προθυσάμενοι καὶ ἱλασά- 
μενοι 8 τοὺς καταχθονίους δαίμονας, ὄντων τῶν 
ὑφηγουμένων τὰ τοιάδε ἱερέων, ἠργολαβηκότων 
τὸν τόπον. ἔστι δὲ πηγή τις αὐτόθι ποτίμου 
ὕδατος ἐπὶ τῇ θαλάττῃ, τούτου δ᾽ ἀπείχοντο 
πάντες, τὸ τῆς Στυγὸς ὕδωρ νομίσαντες" καὶ τὸ 
μαντεῖον ἐνταῦθά που ἵδρυται" tov τε ἸΠυριφλε- 
γέθοντα ἐκ τῶν θερμῶν ὑδάτων ἐτεκμαίροντο τῶν 
πλησίον καὶ τῆς ᾿Αχερουσίας. "Ἔφορος δὲ τοῖς 
Κιμμερίοις προσοικειῶν τὸν τόπον φησὶν αὐτοὺς 
ἐν καταγείοις οἰκίαις οἰκεῖν, ἃς καλοῦσιν ἀργίλλας, 
καὶ διά τίνων ὀρυγμάτων παρ᾽ ἀλλήλους τε φοιτᾶν 
καὶ τοὺς ξένους εἰς τὸ μαντεῖον δέχεσθαι, πολὺ 
ὑπὸ γῆς ἱδρυμένον' ζῆν δ᾽ ἀπὸ μεταλλείας καὶ 
τῶν μαντευομένων, καὶ τοῦ βασιλέως ἀποδείξαντος 
αὐτοῖς συντάξεις. εἶναι δὲ τοῖς περὶ τὸ χρηστή- 


1 Kramer, Meineke, and Miiller-Diibner insert τὸ (in 
brackets) after τοῦτο. 

2 γενέσθαι, Jones, for λέγεσθαι. 

3 ἱλασάμενοι, Corais, for ἱλασόμενοι; 80 Meineke, who, 
however, omits the of after ye. 

4 ποτίμου, Corais (from conj. of Xylander), for ποταμίου (as 
in 5. 1. 8 and 5. 4. 13.) ; so Meineke. 


1 For example, the ‘‘ Plutonium” at Hierapolis in Asia 
Minor (13. 4. 14). The ‘‘Plutonia” were precincts where 
mephitic vapours arose, and they were so called because 
they were regarded as entrances to the nether world. The 
cave itself, within the ‘‘Plutonium,” was called ‘‘Char- 
onium” (14. 1. 1] and 14. 1. 44). 

4 See 1. 1. 10 and 1, 2. 9, 


442 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 4. 5 


rise from it, as in the case of all the Plutonia.! And 
people used to suppose that this too was a Plutonian 
place and that the Cimmerians? had actually been 
there. At any rate, only those who had sacrificed 
beforehand and propitiated the nether deities could 
sail into Avernus, and priests who held the locality 
on lease were there to give directions in all such 
matters; and there is a fountain of potable water 
at this place, on the sea, but people used to abstain 
from it because they regarded it as the water of the 
Styx; and the oracle, too, is situated somewhere 
near it; and further, the hot springs near by and 
Lake Acherusia® betokened the River Pyriphlege- 
thon.4 Again, Ephorus, in the passage where he 
claims the locality in question for the Cimmerians, 
says: They live in underground houses, which they 
call “argillae,” ὅ and it is through tunnels that they 
visit one another, back and forth, and also admit 
strangers to the oracle, which is situated far beneath 
the earth; and they live on what they get from 
mining, and from those who consult the oracle,® and 
from the king of the country, who has appointed 
to them fixed allowances;? and those who live 


3 Now Lake Fusaro. 

4 Literally, ‘‘ flaming with fire.” This river was a tributary 
of the Acheron in the nether world. The River Acheron 
(now Phanariotikos), in Epirus, was associated with the 
nether world: it disappears in the earth for some distance 
and then reappears, losing its waters in the marshy 
‘‘ Acherusian Lake” before emptying into the Ionian Sea. 

5 * Argillae” apparently means ‘‘ clay ’-dwellings. 

6 That is, as we may infer, on the meat of the sacrificial 
victims, in addition to any fees which may have been 
charged. 

7 Thus acknowledging, according to Ephorus, that the 
country belongs to the Cimmerians. 


443 


C 245 


STRABO 


ριον ῖ ἔθος πάτριον, μηδένα τὸν ἥλιον ὁρᾶν, ἀλλὰ 
τῆς νυκτὸς ἔξω πορεύεσθαι τῶν χασμάτων" καὶ 
διὰ τοῦτο τὸν ποιητὴν περὶ αὐτῶν εἰπεῖν, ὡς 
» 
Be » / Ψ > 4 
οὐδέ TOT αὐτούς 

Ἠέλιος φαεθων ἐπιδέρκεται: (Ud. 11. 15) 
ὕστερον δὲ διαφθαρῆναι τοὺς ἀνθρώπους ὑπὸ 
βασιλέως τινός, οὐκ ἀποβάντος αὐτῷ τοῦ χρησμοῦ, 
τὸ δὲ μαντεῖον ἔτι συμμένειν, μεθεστηκὸς εἰς 
ἕτερον τόπον. τοιαῦτα μὲν οἱ πρὸ ἡμῶν ἐμυθο- 
λόγουν, νυνὶ δὲ τῆς μὲν ὕλης τῆς περὶ τὸν "Αορνον 
κοπείσης ὑπὸ ᾿Αγρίππα, τῶν δὲ χωρίων κατοι- 
κοδομηθέντων, ἀπὸ δὲ τοῦ ᾿Δόρνου. διώρυγος ὑπο- 
νόμου τμηθείσης μέχρι Κύμης, ἅπαντ᾽ ἐκεῖνα 
ἐφάνη μῦθος: τοῦ Κοκκηίου τοῦ ποιήσαντος τὴν 
διώρυγα ἐ ἐκείνην, τε καὶ ἐπὶ Νέαν πόλιν ἐκ Δικαι- 
αρχείας ἐπὶ ταῖς Βαίαις ἐπακολουθήσαντός πως 
τῷ περὶ τῶν Κιμμερίων ἀρτίως λεχθέντι λόγῳ, 
τυχὸν ἴσως καὶ πάτριον νομίσαντος τῷ τόπῳ 
τούτῳ OL ὀρυγμάτων εἶναι τὰς ὁδούς. 

6. Ὃ δὲ Λοκρῖνος κόλπος πλατύνεται μέχρι 
Βαιῶν, χώματι εἰργόμενος ἀπὸ τῆς ἔξω θαλάττης 
ὀκτασταδίῳ τὸ μῆκος, πλάτος δὲ ἁμαξιτοῦ πλα- 
τείας, O φασιν Ἡρακλέα διαχῶσαι, τὰς βοῦς 
ἐλαύνοντα τὰς Γηρυόνου' δεχόμενον δ᾽ ἐπιπολῆς 
τὸ κῦμα τοῖς χειμῶσιν, ὥστε μὴ πεζεύεσθαι 
ῥᾳδίως, ᾿Αγρίππας δὲ ἐπεσκεύασεν. εἴσπλουν δ᾽ 
ἔχει ΑἸ ἐλαφροῖς, ἐνορμίσασθαι μὲν ἄχρη- 


1 χρηστήριον (ko and mgo) for λῃστήριον (ABCEI). 


1 L. Cocceius Auctus, an architect and engineer, employed 
by Agrippa. 
444 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 4. 5-6 


about the oracle have an ancestral custom, that 
no one should see the sun, but should go outside 
the caverns only during the night; and it is for 
this reason that the poet speaks of them as follows: 


3 


« And never does the shining sun look upon them” ; 
but later on the Cimmerians were destroyed by a 
certain king, because the response of the oracle did 
not turn out in his favour; the seat of the oracle, 
however, still endures, although it has been removed 
to another place. Such, then, are the stories the 
people before my time used to tell, but now that 
the forest round about Avernus has been cut down 
by Agrippa, and the tracts of land have been built 
up with houses, and the tunnel has been cut 
from Avernus to Cumae, all those stories have 
proven to be mere myths; and yet the Cocceius 1? 
who made, not only this tunnel, but also the one 
from Dicaearchia (near Baiae) to Neapolis, was 
pretty well acquainted with the story just now re- 
lated about the Cimmerians, and it may very well be 
that he also deemed it an ancestral custom,? for this 
region, that its roads should run through tunnels. 

6. Gulf Lucrinus broadens out as far as Baiae; 
and it is shut off from the outer sea by a mound 
eight stadia in length and broad as a wagon-road. 
This mound is said to have been brought to com- 
pletion by Heracles, when he was driving the cattle 
of Geryon. But since it admitted the waves over 
its surface in times of storm, so that it could not 
easily be traversed on foot, Agrippa built it up 
higher. The gulf affords entrance to light boats 
only; and, though useless as a place to moor boats, 


2 Cocceius was a native of the region in question. 


445 


STRABO 


στος, τῶν ὀστρέων δὲ θήραν ἔχων ἀφθονωτάτην. 
ἔνιοι δὲ τοῦτον αὐτὸν τὴν λίμνην εἶναι τὴν ᾽Αχε- 
ρουσίαν φασίν, ᾿Αρτεμίδωρος δὲ αὐτὸν τὸν "Ἄορνον. 
τὰς δὲ Βαίας ἐπωνύμους εἶναι. λέγουσι Βαίου τῶν 
᾽Οδυσσέως ἑταίρων τινός, καὶ τὸ Μισηνόν. ἑξῆς 
δ᾽ εἰσὶν αἱ περὶ Δικαιαρχείαν, ἀκταὶ καὶ αὐτὴ ἡ 
πόλις. mv δὲ πρότερον μὲν ἐπίνειον Κυμαίων ἐπ᾽ 
ὀφρύος ἱδρυμένον, κατὰ δὲ τὴν ᾿Αννίβα στρατείαν 
συνῴκισαν ἡ Ρωμαῖοι καὶ μετωνόμασαν Ποτιόλους 
ἀπὸ τῶν φρεάτων' οἱ δ᾽ ἀπὸ τῆς δυσωδίας τῶν 
ὑδάτων, ny} ἅπαν τὸ χωρίον ἔχει ' μέχρι Βαιῶν 
καὶ τῆς Κυμαίας ὅτι θείου πλῆρές ἐ ἐστι καὶ πυρὸς 
καὶ θερμῶν ὑδάτων. τινὲς δὲ καὶ Φλέγραν διὰ 
τοῦτο τὴν Κυμαίαν νομίζουσι κληθῆναι, καὶ τῶν 
πεπτωκότων γυγάντων τὰ κεραύνια, τραύματα 
ἀναφέρειν τὰς τοιαύτας προχοὰς τοῦ πυρὸς καὶ 
τοῦ ὕδατος. ἡ δὲ πόλις ἐμπόριον γεγένηται μέ- 
γίστον, χειροποιήτους ἔχουσα ὅρμους διὰ τὴν 
εὐφυΐαν τῆς ἄμμου" σύμμετρος γάρ ἐστι τῇ τιτάνῳ 
καὶ κόλλησιν ἰσχυρὰν καὶ πῆξιν λαμβάνει. διόπερ 
τῇ χάλικι καταμίξαντες τὴν ἀμμοκονίαν προ- 
βάλλουσι χώματα εἰς τὴν θάλατταν, καὶ κολποῦσι 


1 ἥν, Jones inserts; and, with Holstein, emends ἐκεῖ 
(before μέχρι) to ἔχει. Meineke inserts yap after ἅπαν and 
deletes ὅτι (before θείου). 


1 That is, after Misenus (see 1. 2. 18). 

2 By Strabo’s time the city had expanded a considerable 
distance along the coast in both directions. 

3 In Latin, ‘‘ putei.” 

4 In Latin, ‘‘ puteo,” ‘‘ stink.” 

δ That is, ‘‘ Blazing-land,” if the etymologists here referred 
to by Strabo were right. ‘‘Phlegra” was also the old name - 


446 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 4. 6 


it affords most abundant catches of oysters. And 
some say that this gulf itself is Lake Acherusia, 
while Artemidorus says that Gulf Avernus itself is 
that lake. But Baiae is said to be named after one 
of the companions of Odysseus, Baius; and also Mise- 
num.! Next in order come the headlands that are 
in the neighbourhood of Dicaearchia, and then the 
city itself. In earlier times it was only a port-town 
of the Cumaeans, situated on the brow of a hill,? 
but at the time of Hannibal's expedition the Romans 
settled a colony there, and changed its name to 
Puteoli from the wells  there—though some say that 
it was from the foul smell* of the waters, since the 
whole district, as far as Baiae and Cumae, has a foul 
smell, because it is full of sulphur and fire and hot 
waters. And some believe that it is for this reason 
that the Cumaean country was called ‘ Phlegra,” ® 
and that it is the wounds of the fallen giants, in- 
flicted by the thunderbolts, that pour forth those 
streams of fire and water. And the city has become 
a very great emporium, since it has havens that 
have been made by the hand of man—a thing made 
possible by the natural qualities of the sand, for 
it is in proper proportion to the lime,® and takes a 
firm set and solidity. And therefore, by mixing the 
sand-ash’ with the lime, they can run jetties out 
into the sea and thus make the wide-open shores 


of Pallene, the westernmost of the peninsulas of Chalcidice, 
and a volcanic region. Mythology associates the Giants with 
both regions (cp. 5. 4. 4). 

9 That is, its constituents are in proper proportion to the 
constituents of the lime. 

͵ he volcanic substance is now called ‘‘ pozzuolana,” or 
[1 tu ὩΣ > 


447 


C 246 


STRABO 


τὰς ἀναπεπταμένας ἠιόνας, ὥστ᾽ ἀσφαλῶς ἐνορ- 
μίξεσθαι τὰς μεγίστας ὁλκάδας. ὑπέρκειται δὲ 
τῆς πόλεως εὐθὺς ἡ τοῦ ᾿Ηφαίστου ἀγορά, πεδίον 
περικεκλειμένον διαπύροις ὀφρύσι, καμινώδεις 
ἐχούσαις ἀναπνοὰς πολλαχοῦ καὶ βρωμώδεις * 
ἱκανῶς" τὸ δὲ πεδίον θείου πλῆρές ἐστι συρτοῦ. 

7. Μετὰ δὲ Δικαιαρχίαν ἐστὶ Νεάπολις Κυ- 
μαίων: ὕστερον δὲ καὶ Χαλκιδεῖς ἐπῴκησαν καὶ 
ΤΠΠθηκουσσαίων τινὲς καὶ ᾿Αθηναίων, ὥστε καὶ 
Νεάπολις ἐκλήθη διὰ τοῦτος ὅπου δείκνυται 
μνῆμα τῶν Σειρήνων μιᾶς, Παρθενόπης, καὶ ἀγὼν 

συντελεῖται γυμνικὸς κατὰ μαντείαν. ὕστερον δὲ 
Καμπανῶν τινας " ἐδέξαντο συνοίκους διχοστα- 
τήσαντες, καὶ ἠναγκάσθησαν τοῖς ἐχθίστοις ὡς 
οἰκειοτάτοις χρήσασθαι, ἐπειδὴ τοὺς οἰκείους ἀλλο- 
τρίους ἔσχον. μηνύει δὲ τὰ τῶν δημάρχων ὀνό- 
ματα, τὰ μὲν πρῶτα ᾿Βαληνικὰ ¢ ὄντα, τὰ δ᾽ ὕστερα 
τοῖς ᾿Ελληνικοῖς ἀναμὶξ τὰ Καμπανικά. πλεῖστα 
δ᾽ ἴχνη τῆς ᾿Εαλληνικῆς ἀγωγῆς ἐνταῦθα σώζεται, 
γυμνάσιά τε καὶ ἐφηβεῖα καὶ φρατρίαι 3 καὶ ὀνό- 
ματα Ἑλληνικά, καίπερ ὄντων Ρωμαίων. νυνὶ δὲ 
πεντετηρικὸς ἱ ἱερὸς ἀγὼν συντελεῖται παρ᾽ αὐτοῖς, 
μουσικός τε καὶ γυμνικὸς ἐπὶ πλείους ἡμέρας, 


1 βρωμώδεις, Dindorf, for βρομώδεις; so the editors in 
general. 
2 τινας, Xylander, for tives ; so the later editors. 
3 ἐφηβεῖα καὶ φρατρίαι, Siebenkees (from conj. of Tyrwhitt), 


for ἐφηβιακὰ pparpia (Al), ἐφηβειακὰ Hees (BC) ; so the later 
editors. 


1 In Latin, ““ Forum Vulcani”; now La Solfatara. 

2 That is, ‘‘New City.” The older name was ‘‘ Parthe- 
nope” (see 14. 2. 10, and Beloch, Campanien, 1890, pp. 29-30). 

3 “*Demarch” was the local title of the chief magistrates ; 


448 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 4. 6-7 


curve into the form of bays, so that the greatest 
merchant-ships can moor therein with safety. Im- 
mediately above the city lies the Forum of Hephaes- 
tus, a plain shut in all round by exceedingly hot 
ridges, which in numerous places .have fumaroles that 
are like chimneys and that have a rather noisome 
smell ; and the plain is full of drifted sulphur. 

7. After Dicaearchia comes Neapolis, a city of 
the Cumaeans. At a later time it was re-colonised 
by Chalcidians, and also by some Pithecussaeans and 
Athenians, and hence, for this reason, was called 
Neapolis.2. A monument of Parthenope, one of the 
Sirens, is pointed out in Neapolis, and in accordance 
with an oracle a gymnastic contest is celebrated 
there. But at a still later time, as the result of a 
dissension, they admitted some of the Campani as 
fellow-inhabitants, and thus they were forced to 
treat their worst enemies as their best friends, now 
that they had alienated their proper friends. This 
is disclosed by the names of their demarchs, for 
the earliest names are Greek only, whereas the 
later are Greek mixed with Campanian? And very 
many traces of Greek culture are preserved there— 
gymnasia, ephebeia,* phratriae,> and Greek names of 
things, although the people are Romans. And at the 
present time a sacred contest is celebrated among 
them every four years, in music® as well as gym- 
nastics; it lasts for several days, and vies with the 
and apparently several of them held office together (see 
Tozer, Selections, p. 168, and Beloch, Campanien, pp. 31, 45). 

4 Places for youths (ephebi) to take exercise. 

> Beloch (pp. 41-44), from inscriptions of Neapolis, gives 
the names of nine different phratriae. 


6 ‘*Music” is here used, apparently, in the broad sense, 
including all the arts over which the Muses presided. 


449 
VOL. II. GG 


STRABO 


an an ἢ Ν € 
ἐνάμιλλος τοῖς ἐπιφανεστάτοις τῶν κατὰ τὴν EDX- 
an vA n 
λάδα. ἔστι δὲ καὶ ἐνθάδε διῶρυξ κρυπτή, τοῦ 
n an / 
μεταξὺ ὄρους THs τε Δικαιαρχείας καὶ THs Νεαπό- 
e / © \ \ » 
λεως ὑπεργασθέντος ὁμοίως, ὥσπερ ἐπὶ τὴν Κύμην, 
ς a / / if n 
ὁδοῦ τε ἀνοιχθείσης ἐναντίοις ζεύγεσι πορευτῆς, 
> ast \ / \ \ a 3 a ᾽ 
ἐπὶ πολλοὺς σταδίους" τὰ δὲ φῶτα ἐκ τῆς ἐπιφα- 
an 3 / n , 
velas τοῦ ὄρους, πολλαχόθεν ἐκκοπεισῶν θυρίδων, 
’ A 4 \ 
διὰ βάθους πολλοῦ κατάγεται. ἔχει δὲ καὶ ἡ 
3 : ‘ 
Νεάπολις θερμῶν ὑδάτων ἐκβολὰς καὶ κατασκευὰς 
A Dn a ᾿ Ν an 
λουτρῶν ov χείρους τῶν ἐν Batais, πολὺ δὲ τῷ 
πλήθει λειπομένας" ἐκεῖ γὰρ ἄλλη πόλις γεγέ- 
᾿ / bY 4 ee) 
ynTal, συνῳκοδομημένων βασιλείων ἄλλων ἐπ 
” ᾽ τ / an , 2 , 
ἄλλοις, οὐκ ἐλάττων τῆς Δικαιαρχείας. ἐπιτει- 
\ \ ? i δ \ ς \ 
νουσι δὲ τὴν ἐν Νεαπόλει διαγωγὴν τὴν ᾿Ελληνικὴν 
n «ς 4 A an 
οἱ ἐκ τῆς «Ρώμης ἀναχωροῦντες δεῦρο ἡσυχίας 
a \ / 3 
ἄριν τῶν ἀπὸ παιδείας ἐργασαμένων ἢ Kal ἄλ- 
x ᾿, , ] 
a Ἁ b) 7 9 2 / 
λων διὰ γῆρας ἢ ἀσθένειαν ποθούντων ἐν ἀνέσει, 
lal \ “ ¢ / > Se aed A 
ζῆν. καὶ τῶν “Pwpatwv δ᾽ ἔνιοι χαίροντες τῷ βίῳ 
/ la) \ an la) n ; an 
τούτῳ, θεωροῦντες TO πλῆθος τῶν ἀπὸ τῆς αὐτῆς 
a , b) A 
ἀγωγῆς ἐπιδημούντων ἀνδρῶν, ἄσμενοι φιλοχω- 
ροῦσι καὶ ζῶσιν αὐτόθι. 
>) Uf \ ΄’ ’ τ 
8. ᾿Εχόμενον δὲ φρούριόν ἐστιν “Ἡράκλειον, 
\ 
ἐκκειμένην εἰς τὴν θάλατταν ἄκραν ἔχον, κατα- 
΄ Δ \ θ la “ δι δ \ ῈΞ 
“νεομένην Λιβὶ θαυμαστῶς, ὥσθ᾽ ὑγιεινὴν ποιεῖν 


* Augustus himself attended the contest shortly before his 
death (Suetonius, Auyustus 98). 
> See 5. 4. 5. 


> See 5. 3. 8 and the footnote (on the size of the sewers at 
tome). 


450 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 4. 7-8 


most famous of those celebrated in Greece.! Here, 
too, there is a tunnel—the mountain between Dicae- 
archia and Neapolis having been tunneled like the 
one leading to Cumae,? and a road having been 
opened up for a distance of many stadia that is wide 
enough to allow teams going in opposite direc- 
tions to pass each other.2 And windows have 
been cut out at many places, and thus the light of 
day is brought down from the surface of the mountain 
along shafts that are of considerable depth.4 Further- 
more, Neapolis has springs of hot water and bathing- 
establishments that are not inferior to those at Baiae, 
although it is far short of Baiae in the number of 
people, for at Baiae, where palace on palace has 
been built, one after another, a new city has arisen, 
not inferior to Dicaearchia. And greater vogue is 
given to the Greek mode of life at Neapolis by the 
people who withdraw thither from Rome for the 
sake of rest—I mean the class® who have made 
their livelihood by training the young, or still others 
who, because of old age or infirmity, long to live in 
relaxation; and some of the Romans, too, taking 
delight in this way of living and observing the great 
number of men of the same culture as themselves 
sojourning there, gladly fall in love with the place 
and make it their permanent abode. 

8. Next after Neapolis comes the Heracleian 
Fortress,® with a promontory which runs out into 
the sea and so admirably catches the breezes of the 
southwest wind that it makes the settlement a 

4 But to-day the Grotta di Posilipo has no shafts of light ; 
and Seneca (£pist. 57. 1) complains of its darkness and dust. 
Accordingly, Beloch (p. 84) concludes that Strabo confuses 


the tunnel in question with that of Cumae. 
5 Strabo means Greeks. 6 Herculaneum. 


451 
Ga 2 


STRABO 


C947 τὴν κατοικίαν. ὌὍσκοι δ᾽ εἶχον. καὶ ταύτην καὶ τὴν 
ἐφεξῆς Πομπαίαν,᾿ ἣν παραρρεῖ ὁ ) Σάρνος ποταμός, 
εἶτα Τυρρηνοὶ καὶ Πελασγοί, μετὰ ταῦτα δὲ Σαυνῖ- 
ται" καὶ οὗτοι δ᾽ ἐξέπεσον ἐκ τῶν τόπων. Νώλης 
δὲ καὶ Νουκερίας καὶ ᾿Αχερρῶν," ὁμωνύμου κατοι- 
κίας ἜΣ περὶ Κρέμωνα, ἐπίνειόν ἐστιν Πομπαία : 
παρὰ τῷ Σάρνῳ ποταμῷ καὶ δεχομένῳ τὰ φορτία 
καὶ ἐκπέμποντι. ὑπέρκειται δὲ τῶν τόπων τούτων 
ὄρος τὸ Οὐεσούιον, ἀγροῖς περιοικούμενον παγκά- 
λοις πλὴν THs κορυφῆς" αὕτη δ᾽ ἐπίπεδος μὲν πολὺ 
μέρος ἐστίν, ἄκαρπος δ᾽ ὅλη, ἐκ δὲ τῆς ὄψεως τε- 
φρώδης, καὶ κοιλάδας φαίνει σηραγγώδεις πετρῶν 
αἰθαλωδῶν κατὰ τὴν χρόαν, ὡς ἂν ἐκβεβρωμένων 
ὑπὸ πυρός" ὥστε τεκμαίροιτ᾽ ἄν τις τὸ χωρίον 
τοῦτο καίεσθαι πρότερον καὶ ἔχειν κρατῆρας πυρός, 
σβεσθῆναι δ᾽ ἐπιλιπούσης τῆς ὕλης. τάχα δὲ 
καὶ τῆς εὐκαρπίας τῆς κύκλῳ τοῦτ᾽ αἴτιον, ὥσπερ 
ἐν τῇ Κατάνῃ, φασί, τὸ κατατεφρωθὲν μέρος ἐκ 
τῆς σποδοῦ τῆς ἀνενεχθείσης ὑπὸ τοῦ Αἰτναίου 
πυρὸς εὐάμπελον τὴν γῆν ἐποίησεν. ἔχει μὲν 
γὰρ τὸ λιπαῖνον καὶ τὴν ἐκπυρουμένην βῶλον καὶ 


t Corais emends Πομπαίαν to Πομπηίαν ; so Miller-Diibner 
and Meineke; see note 1 below. 

2 ᾿Αχερρῶν, Kramer, for ’Ayxépwy (Al) ; see ’Axeppa, 5. 4. 11. 

3 Πομπαία, Jones, for the corrupt ποιεῖ; others emend to 
Πομπηία. 

4 ὥστε, Corais, for ὡς. 


1 On ‘‘ Pompaia,”’ the Oscan name of Pompeii, see Nissen, 
Landeskunde I1., p. 763, footnote 3. 

2 In Latin, ‘‘ Acerrae.”’ 

3 «¢ Acerrae,”’ as spelled by Polybius (2. 34), 

4 That is, the ‘‘hot ashes” (what we call ‘‘ volcanic ash,” 
a finely powdered lava), now ash-dust. 


452 


GEOGRAPHY, «. 4. 8 


healthful place to live in. Both this settlement and 
the one next after it, Pompaia! (past which flows the 
River Sarnus), were once held by the Osci; then, by 
the Tyrrheni and the Pelasgi; and after that, by the 
Samnitae ; but they, too, were ejected from the places. 
Pompaia, on the River Sarnus—a river which both 
takes the cargoes inland and sends them out to sea— 
is the port-town of Nola, Nuceria, and Acherrae ? (a 
place with name like that of the settlement? near 
Cremona). Above these places lies Mt. Vesuvius, 
which, save for its summit, has dwellings all round, 
on farm-lands that are absolutely beautiful. As for 
the summit, a considerable part of it is flat, but all 
of it is unfruitful, and looks ash-coloured, and _ it 
shows pore-like cavities in masses of rock that are 
soot-coloured on the surface, these masses of rock 
looking as though they had been eaten out by fire ; 
and hence one might infer that in earlier times this 
district was on fire and had craters of fire, and then, 
because the fuel gave out, was quenched. Perhaps, 
too, this is the cause of the fruitfulness of the 
country all round the mountain; just as at Catana, 
it is said, that part of the country which had been 
covered with ash-dust from the hot ashes carried up 
into the air by the fire of Aetna made the land suited 
to the vine; for it* contains the substance that 
fattens® both the soil which is burnt out and that 


5 Strabo wrongly thought that the volcanic ash itself con- 
tained a fatty substance which enriched thesoil. The enrich- 
ing substance, of course, was the organic matter which 
accumulated in the ash-dust during a long period of weather- 
ing. In time the ash-dust became ash-soil. In 6. 2. 3 Strabo 
quotes Poseidonius as saying that this same part of the 
country was covered with volcanic ash ‘‘to a considerable 


depth.” 
453 


STRABO 

τὴν ἐκφέρουσαν τοὺς καρπούς. πλεονάζξουσα μὲν 
οὖν τῷ λίπει πρὸς ἐκπύρωσιν ἐπιτηδεία, καθάπερ 
ἧ. θειώδης, πᾶσα, ἐξικμασθεῖσα δὲ καὶ λαβοῦσα 
σβέσιν καὶ ἐκτέφρωσιν εἰς καρπογονίαν μετέβαλε. 
συνεχὲς δέ ἐστί τῇ Πομπαίᾳ τὸ Συρρεντὸν τῶν 
Καμπανῶν, ὅθεν πρόκειται τὸ ᾿Αθήναιον, ὅ τινες 

"εἰρηνουσσῶν ἀκρωτήριον καλοῦσιν" ἔστι δὲ ἐπ᾽ 
ἄκρῳ μὲν ᾿Αθηνᾶς ἱερόν, ἵδρυμα Ὀδυσσέως. διά- 
πλοὺυς δ᾽ ἐνθένδε βραχὺς εἰς Καπρέας νῆσον. 
κάμψαντι δὲ τὴν ἄκραν νησῖδές εἰσιν ἔρημοι πε- 
τρώδεις, ἃς καλοῦσι Σειρῆνας. ἐκ δὲ τοῦ πρὸς 
Συρρεντὸν μέρους ἱερόν" τι δείκνυται καὶ ἀναθήματα 
παλαιὰ τιμώντων τῶν! πλησίον τὸν " τόπον. μέ- 
χρι μὲν δεῦρο ἔχει τέλος ὁ κόλπος ὁ Κρατὴρ προσ- 
αγορευόμενος, ἀφοριζόμενος. δυσὶν ἀκρωτηρίοις 
βλέπουσι πρὸς μεσημβρίαν, τῷ τε Μισηνῷ καὶ 
τῷ ᾿Αθηναίῳ. ἅπας δ᾽ ἐστὶ κατεσκευασμένος 
τοῦτὸ μὲν ταῖς πόλεσιν, ἃς ἔφαμεν, τοῦτο δὲ ταῖς 
οἰκοδομίαις καὶ φυτείαις, αἱ μεταξὺ συνεχεῖς ovoat 
μιᾶς πόλεως ὄψιν παρέχονται. 

9, Τοῦ μὲν οὖν Μισηνοῦ πρόκειται. νῆσος ἡ 
Προχύτη, Πιθηκουσσῶν δ᾽ ἔστιν ἀπόσπασμα. 
ΠΠιθηκούσσας δ᾽ ᾿Ερετριεῖς ὠκισαν καὶ Χαλκιδεῖς, 


1 τῶν, Kramer, for τόν ; so the later editors. 
2 τόν, before τόπον, Corais inserts ; so the later editors. 


1 Some of the ash-soil, Strabo means, becomes so rich that 
it is combustible, and unfit for the vine and different fruits ; 
but he does not say whether it is later burnt out by volcanic 
matter, or by some accidental or human agency. The burning 
out of excessively rich soil was at one time not an uncommon 
practice in Mngland and Germany (F. H. Storer, Agriculture, 
7th. ed., Vol. III., pp. 188 ff.). The English company now 


454 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 4. 8-9 


which produces the fruits;! so then, when it? 
acquired plenty of fat, it was suited to burning out, 
as is the case with all sulphur-like substances, and 
then when it had been evaporated? and quenched 4 
and reduced to ash-dust, it passed into a state of fruit- 
fulness. Next after Pompaia comes Surrentum, a 
city of the Campani, whence the Athenaeum ® juts 
forth into the sea, which some call the Cape of the 
Sirenussae. There is a sanctuary of Athene, built 
by Odysseus, on the tip of the Cape. It is only 
a short voyage from here across to the island of 
Capreae ; and after doubling the cape you come to 
desert, rocky isles, which are called the Sirens. On 
the side of the Cape toward Surrentum people show 
you a kind of temple, and offerings dedicated there 
long ago, because the people in the neighbourhood hold 
the place in honour. Here, then, the gulf that is 
called the “ Crater ’’ ὁ comes to an end, being marked 
off by two capes that face the south, namely, Mise- 
num and Athenaeum, And the whole of the gulf 
is garnished, in part by the cities which 1 have just 
mentioned, and in part by the residences and plan- 
tations, which, since they intervene in unbroken 
succession, present the appearance of a single city. 
9. The island of Prochyta lies off Cape Misenum, 
and it is a fragment broken off of Pithecussae.’ 
Pithecussae was once settled by Eretrians and also 


operating in the region of Lake Copais in Boeotia burns out 
the soil before putting it in cultivation. 

2 That is, the ash-dust, now ash-soil. 

3 As often, Strabo is unduly concise. He means: ‘‘ when 
the ash-soil had taken fire, and the excess fat had been driven 
out by the fire.” 

+ In natural course, and by rain, al es Ρ.. 1: Ὁ 19. 

8 Op. 5. 4. 3. 1 But cp. 1. 8. 19. 


455 


C 248 


STRABO 


εὐτυχήσαντες δι᾽ εὐκαρπίαν καὶ διὰ τὰ χρυσεῖα 
ἐξέλιπον τὴν νῆσον κατὰ στάσιν, ὕστερον δὲ καὶ 
ὑπὸ σεισμῶν ἐξελαθέντες καὶ ἀναφυσημάτων 
πυρὸς καὶ θαλάττης καὶ θερμῶν ὑδάτων" ἔχει γὰρ 
τοιαύτας ὑποφορὰς 1 ἡ νῆσος, ὑφ᾽ ὧν καὶ οἱ πεμ- 
φθέντες παρὰ ‘lépwvos τοῦ τυράννου τῶν Συρα- 
κουσίων ἐξέλιπον τὸ κατασκευασθὲν ὑφ᾽ ἑαυτῶν 
τεῖχος καὶ τὴν νῆσον" ἐπελθόντες δὲ Νεαπολῖται 
κατέσχον. ἐντεῦθεν καὶ ὁ μῦθος, ὅτι φασὶ τὸν 
Τυφῶνα ὑποκεῖσθαι τῇ νήσῳ ταύτῃ, στρεφομένου 
δὲ τὰς φλόγας ἀναφυσᾶσθαι καὶ τὰ ὕδατα, ἔστι δ᾽ 
ὅτε καὶ νησῖδας ἐ ἐχούσας ζέον ὕδωρ. πιθανώτερον 
δὲ Πίνδαρος εἴρηκεν ἐκ τῶν φαινομένων ὁρμηθείς" 
ὅτι πᾶς ὁ πόρος οὗτος, ἀπὸ τῆς Κυμαίας ἀρξάμενος 
μέχρι τῆς Σικελίας, διάπυρός ἐστι, καὶ κατὰ βά- 
θους ἔχει κοιλίας τινὰς εἰς EV συναπτούσας “πρός 
τε ἀλλήλας 2 καὶ πρὸς τὴν ἤπειρον. διόπερ 7 τε 
Αἴτνη τοιαύτην ἔχειν δείκνυται φύσιν, οἵαν ἵστο- 
ροῦσιν ἅπαντες, καὶ αἱ τῶν Λιπαραίων νῆσοι καὶ 
τὰ περὶ τὴν Δικαιαρχείαν καὶ Νεάπολιν καὶ 
Βαΐας χωρία καὶ αἱ Πιθηκοῦσσαι. ταῦτ᾽ οὖν δια- 
νοηθεὶς τῷ παντὶ τόπῳ τούτῳ φησὶν ὑποκεῖσθαι 
τὸν Τυφῶνα" 

νῦν γε μὰν 

τῶν 0 ὑπὲρ Κύμας ἁλιερκέες ὄχθαι 
Σικελία T αὐτοῦ πιέζει στέρνα λαχνάεντα. 


(Pyth. 1. 35 


1 ὑποφοράς (AC/), Jones restores ; instead of ἀποφοράς. 
2 ἀλλήλας, Xylander, for “EAAnvas ; so the later editors. 


1 Strabo’s conciseness (if the MSS. are correct) leaves the 
passage obscure as to whether (1) both peoples left together 
because of a quarrel with other inhabitants, and later on 
returned, only to be driven out by the earthquakes (about 


456 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 4. ὃ 


Chalcidians, who, although they had prospered there 
on account of the fruitfulness of the soil and on 
account of the gold mines, forsook the island! as the 
result of a quarrel; later on they were also driven 
out of the island by earthquakes, and by eruptions 
of fire, sea, and hot waters; for the island has 
‘‘fistulas’’ of this sort, and it was these that caused 
also the people sent thither by Hiero the tyrant of 
Syracuse to forsake the island and the fortress they 
had erected there; and then the Neapolitans came 
over and took possession. Hence, also, the myth 
according to which Typhon lies beneath this island, 
and when he turns his body the flames and the 
waters, and sometimes even small islands containing 
boiling water, spout forth. But what Pindar says is 
more plausible, since he starts with the actual 
phenomena; for this whole channel, beginning at 
the Cumaean country and extending as far as Sicily, 
is full of fire, and has caverns deep down in the earth 
that form a single whole, connecting not only with 
one another but also with the mainland; and there- 
fore, not only Aetna clearly has such a character as 
it is reported by all to have, but also the Lipari 
Islands, and the districts round about Dicaearchia, 
Neapolis, and Baiae, and the island of Pithecussae. 
This, I say, is Pindar’s thought when he says that 
Typhon lies beneath this whole region: ‘ Now, 
however, both Sicily and the sea-fenced cliffs beyond 
Cumae press hard upon his shaggy breast.” And 


500 8 c.), or (2) left separately, first, the Chalcidians, because 
of a quarrel between the two, and, later on, the Hretrians, 
because of the earthquakes, or (3) part of each left at first, 
and the rest later on; but the first interpretation seems more 
likely. Livy (8. 22), without mentioning the Eretrians, 
ascribes the founding of Cumae to the Chalcidians who had 
previously settled ‘‘ Aenaria and Pithecussa.”’ 


457 


C 249 


STRABO 


καὶ Τίμαιος δὲ περὶ τῶν ΤΠιθηκουσσῶν φησιν ὑπὸ 
fal an οὗ Tad \ 
TOV παλαιῶν πολλὰ παραδοξολογεῖσθαι, μικρὸν 
fa / aA 
δὲ πρὸ ἑαυτοῦ τὸν ᾿ὥὡπωπέα λόφον ἐν μέσῃ TH 
\ lal n ἴω 
νήσῳ τιναγέντα 5 ὑπὸ σεισμῶν ἀναβαλεῖν πῦρ 
καὶ τὸ μεταξὺ αὐτοῦ καὶ τῆς θαλάττης ἐξῶσαι 
7 a \ st / \ \ b] \ na n 
πάλιν ἐπὶ TO πέλαγος, TO δὲ ἐκτεφρωθὲν THs γῆς, 
μετεωρισμὸν λαβόν, κατασκῆψαι πάλιν τυφωνο- 
εἰδῶς εἰς τὴν νῆσον, καὶ ἐπὶ τρεῖς τὴν θάλατταν 
ἀναχωρῆσαι σταδίους, ἀναχωρήσασαν δὲ μετ᾽ οὐ 
a / a 
πολὺ ὑποστρέψαι καὶ TH παλιρροίᾳ κατακλύσαι 
\ “ =“ A / 
τὴν νῆσον, καὶ γενέσθαι σβέσιν τοῦ ἐν AUTH πυρός, 
ω \ a la ao an 
ἀπὸ δὲ τοῦ ἤχου τοὺς ἐν TH ἠπείρῳ φυγεῖν ἐκ τῆς 
/ Ὁ 
παραλίας εἰς τὴν Καμπανίαν. δοκεῖ δὲ τὰ θερμὰ 
δι an \ A 
ὕδατα ἐνταῦθα θεραπεύειν τοὺς λιθιῶντας. αἱ δὲ 
Καπρέαι δύο πολίχνας εἶχον τὸ παλαιόν, ὕστερον 
a / 
δὲ μίαν. Νεαπολῖται δὲ καὶ ταύτην κατέσχον, 
/ \ b) lf \ 7 ? he 
πολέμῳ δὲ ἀποβαλόντες τὰς [Πιθηκούσσας ἀπέ- 
λαβον πάλιν, δόντος. αὐτοῖς Καίσαρος τοῦ Σε- 
aA \ 7 / a Ξ 
βαστοῦ, τὰς δὲ Kampéas ἴδιον ποιησαμένου κτῆμα 
¢ 5 
καὶ κατοικοδομήσαντος. al μὲν οὖν παράλιοι 
πόλεις τῶν Καμπανῶν καὶ αἱ προκείμεναι νῆσοι 
τοιαῦται. 
᾿ a 
10. ᾽ν δὲ τῇ μεσογαίᾳ Karin μέν ἐστιν ἡ μή- 
, [οἱ 5) / 
TPOTOALS, κεφαλὴ TH ὄντι κατὰ τὴν ἐτυμότητα 
Oe \ \ 7 / Ribs 
TOU ὀνόματος, τὰ γὰρ ἄλλα πολίχνια νομίζοιτ᾽ ἂν 
\ \ id 
κατὰ τὴν σύγκρισιν πλὴν Τεάνου Σιδικίνου, καὶ 
γὰρ αὕτη ἀξιόλογος. κεῖται δ᾽ ἐπὶ τῇ ὁδῷ τῇ 
’ , Say pages 0) Tita cbt! 2 ν ΠΣ Lyles 
Αππίᾳ αὐτὴ τε Kal αἱ“ τῶν ἄλλων ἐπὶ Βρεντέσιον 


1 »Ἑπωπέα, du Theil, for ᾿Επωμέα ; so the later editors. 

2 τιναγέντα is the reading of B; mayévra, of A, corrected in 
some later MSS. to ῥαγέντα, which may be right. 

3 κτῆμα, Corais, for κτίσμα; so the later editors. 


458 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 4. 9-10 


Timaeus, also, says that many marvellous things are 
told by the ancients about Pithecussae, and that 
only shortly before his own time the hill called 
Kpopeus, in the centre of the island, on being shaken 
by earthquakes, cast forth fire and shoved the part 
between it and the sea back to the open sea; and 
the part of the land that had been burned to ashes, 
on being lifted high in the air, crashed down again 
upon the island like a whirlwind; and the sea 
retreated for three stadia, but not long after retreat- 
ing turned back and with its reverse current deluged 
the island; and, consequently, the fire in the island 
was quenched, but the noise was such that the people 
on the mainland fled from the coast into Campania. 
The hot springs in the island are thought to cure 
those who have gall-stones. Capreae had two small 
towns in ancient times, though later on only one. 
The Neapolitans took possession of this island too ; 
and although they lost Pithecussae in war, they got 
it back again, Augustus Caesar giving it to them, 
though he appropriated Capreae to himself personally 
and erected buildings on it. Such, then, are the sea- 
board cities of Campania and the islands that lie off it. 

10. In the interior, take first Capua: It is the 
capital city—a capital ” in reality, as the etymology 
of its name implies,! for in comparison with it all the 
rest might be regarded as only small towns, except 
‘Teanum Sidicinum, which is indeed a noteworthy 
city. It, too,? lies on the Appian Way, and so do 
the three cities which, among the rest, lead from it ὃ 


1 Cp. 5. 4. 3. 2 As well as Capua. 
3 That is, from Capua. 


4 ai, after καί, Corais deletes, inserting af after ἄλλων 


(Meineke and Miller-Diibner following. ) 
459 


STRABO 


1 καὶ Καύδιον 3 καὶ 


/ 7 ΄ vA 2 
Beveovevtov: ἐπὶ δὲ “Ρώμης Κασίλινον ἵδρυται ἐπὶ 
A 3 - f lal 3 χὰ ΄ὔ 
τῷ Οὐουλτούρνῳ ποταμῷ, ἐν ἡ πολιορκούμενοι 


5 3 3 3 A 7 
ἄγουσαι ἀπ᾽ αὐτῆς, Καλατία 


/ 

Πραινεστίνων ἄνδρες τετταράκοντα Kal πεντα- 
, ἊΝ ? A 
κόσιοι πρὸς ἀκμάζοντα ᾿Αννίβαν ἐπὶ τοσοῦτον 

>] \ aA A χ' 
ἀντέσχον, ὥσθ᾽ ὑπὸ λιμοῦ διακοσίων δραχμῶν 
/ € / 
πραθέντος μεδίμνου,3 ὁ μὲν πωλήσας ἀπέθανεν, 
9 fe 375k / 99 \ 9 3 \ , 
ἐσώθη δ᾽ ὁ πριάμενος. ἰδὼν δ᾽ αὐτοὺς πλησίον 

la) , ΄ if 
τοῦ τείχους σπείροντας γογγύλην ἐθαύμαζεν, ws 
” ca , A VA DiS) , 
ἔοικεν, 0 AvyiBas τῆς μακροθυμίας, εἰ ἐλπίζοιεν 
/ 4 » ΄ Ὡ“ / ς VE \ 
τέως * ἀνθέξειν ἕως τελεσφορήσειεν ἡ YOYYVAN καὶ 
\ 7 7 \ \ 3 n >) / 
δὴ περιγενέσθαι πάντας φασὶ πλὴν ἀνδρῶν ὀλίγων 
a » la / 3 a 
τῶν ἢ λιμῷ διαλυθέντων ἢ ἐν Tals μάχαις. 
x lal / 
11. IIpos δὲ ταῖς ῥηθείσαις ἔτι καὶ αὗται Kap- 
/ / / : 
Tavat πόλεις εἰσίν, ὧν ἐμνήσθημεν πρότερον, 
/ A ἃ ἱ 
Κάλης ὅ τε καὶ Téavov Σιδικῖνον, ἃς διορίζουσιν 
ς / Bled b] ’ ξ "4 iY / an - 
αἱ δύο Τύχαι ἐφ᾽ ἑκάτερα ἱδρυμέναι τῆς Λατίνης 
ὁδοῦ. καὶ ἔτι Σουεσσοῦλα καὶ ᾿Ατέλλα καὶ Νῶλα 
7 / / 
καὶ Νουκερία καὶ ᾿Αχέρραι καὶ ᾿Αβέλλα Kal ἀλ- 
, / "Ὁ » 
λαι ἔτι ἐλάττους τούτων κατοικίαι, ὧν ἐνίας Σαυ- 
by is) a {/ \ 
νίτιδάς φασιν εἶναι. Σαυνῖται δὲ πρότερον μὲν 
\ / an [4 an τ» / 3 , 
καὶ μέχρι τῆς Λατίνης τῆς περὶ ᾿Αρδέαν ἐξοδίας 
1 Καλατία, Kramer, for Καλατερία ; so the later editors. 
2 Kavdiov, Corais, for Καλύδιον ; so the later editors. 
3 For μεδίμνου (the reading of all MSS.), Corais, Meineke 
and others read μνός (following the conj. of Casaubon). 


4 τέως, Corais, for ws; so the later editors. 
5 Κάλης, Kramer, for Κάλκη ; so the later editors. 


1 See 5. 3. 6 and footnote. 
2 From Capua, not from Teanum Sidicinum. 


460 


GEOGRAPHY, ς. 4. 10-11 


to Brentesium,! namely, Collatia, Caudium, and Bene- 
ventum. But Casilinum is situated towards Rome,? 
on the River Vulturnus; it was here that five 
hundred and forty of the Praenestini held out 
against Hannibal—then at the height of his strength 
—for so long that, by reason of famine, a “" medim- 
nus’’® was sold for two hundred “ drachmae,’ 4 and 
the man who sold it died of hunger, whereas the man 
who bought it escaped with his life. And when 
Hannibal saw them sowing turnips near the wall, 
he wondered, and with reason, at their long-suffer- 
ing—that they expected to hold out long enough 
for the turnips to get ripe; and in fact they all 
survived, it is said, except a few who perished either 
because of hunger or in the battles. 

11. But in addition to the cities aforesaid, the 
following (to which I have adverted before) are 
also Campanian cities—Cales® and Teanum Sidi- 
cinum, whose territories are separated by the two 
temples of Fortune situated on either side of the 
Latin Way; and so are Suessula, Atella, Nola, 
Nuceria, Acherrae, Abella, and other settlements 
(some of which are said to be Samnite) that are 
still smaller than these. As for the Samnitae: In 
earlier times they made expeditions even as far as 
that part of the Latin country which is about Ardea, 


3 About a bushel and a half (of grain). But, following 
Casaubon, all the editors except Groskurd emend ‘‘ medim- 
nus” to ‘‘rat,” to agree with the story of Pliny (8. 82), 
Valerius Maximus (7. 6), and Frontinus (Stra’egemata 
4. 5. 20). And it seems almost certain that Strabo so wrote. 

4 In Latin, ‘‘ denarii” ; that is, about forty dollars ; but 
with far greater purchasing power than now. The three 
writers quoted in the preceding footnote say ‘‘two hundred 
denarii.” ψπῦ..9..00. 


461 


250 


STRABO 


Ν Ν A \ \ / 
ποιούμενοι, μετὰ δὲ ταῦτα αὐτὴν τὴν Καμπανίαν 
n ee \ 
πορθοῦντες πολλὴν ἐκέκτηντο δύναμιν" καὶ γὰρ 
7 a / \ 
ἄλλως δεσποτικῶς ἄρχεσθαι μεμαθηκότες ταχὺ 
ὑπούργουν τοῖς προστάγμασι. νυνὶ δ᾽ ἐκπεπό- 
VA ς if yA \ \ “ s \ 
VNHVTAL TENEWS ὑπο TE ἄλλων καὶ TO τελευταῖον ὑπὸ 
/ la) 7 € , ἃ 3 \ 
Σύλλα τοῦ μοναρχήσαντος “Pwpaiwv: ὃς ἐπειδὴ 
an 7 \ A an 
πολλαῖς μάχαις καταλύσας τὴν τῶν ᾿Ιταλιωτῶν 
i ᾿ , 
ἐπανάστασιν, τούτους σχεδόν τι μόνους συμμέ- 
/ \ ς / id A 4 
VOVTAS ἑώρα καὶ ὁμοίως ὁμοροῦντας, ὥστε Kal ἐπ᾽ 
\ ¢ A , \ A » 
αὐτὴν τὴν Ρώμην ἐλθεῖν, συνέστη πρὸ τοῦ τείχους 
n \ \ a , 
αὐτοῖς, καὶ τοὺς μὲν ἐν τῇ μάχη κατέκοψε, κελεύ- 
\ a \ \ Ci: Neer x 
σας μὴ ζωγρεῖν, τοὺς δὲ ῥίψαντας τὰ ὅπλα, περὶ 
, 7 3 y 
τρισχιλίους ἄνδρας ἢ τετρακισχιλίους φασίν, εἰς 
4 \ A 
τὴν δημοσίαν ἔπαυλιν τὴν ἐν τῷ Κάμπῳ κατα- 
\ 5 , 
γαγὼν εἶρξε' τρισὶ δὲ ὕστερον ἡμέραις ἐπιπέμψας 
, / 
στρατιώτας ἅπαντας ἀπέσφαξε, προγραφάς τε 
ποιούμενος οὐκ ἐπαύσατο πρὶν ἢ πάντας τοὺς ἐν 
/ a a 
ὀνόματι Σαυνιτῶν διέφθειρεν ἢ ἐκ τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας 
> / \ δὲ NX > ee \ 2 \ a 
ἐξέβαλε: πρὸς δὲ τοὺς αἰτιωμένους τὴν ἐπὶ τοσοῦ- 
2 \ 7 a A / e 
Tov ὀργὴν ἔφη καταμαθεῖν ἐκ τῆς πείρας ὡς οὐδέ- 
2 eer 2 / 2 / ς , SICEN ὩΣ Ψ Ἃ 
ποτ᾽ ἂν εἰρήνην ἀγάγοι Ρωμαίων οὐδὲ εἷς ἕως ἂν 
’ > \ A 
συμμένωσι καθ᾽ ἑαυτοὺς Σαυνῖται. καὶ γάρ τοι 
\ le) / e , 7 7» > / 
νυνὶ κῶμαι γεγόνασιν al πόλεις, ἔνιαι δ᾽ ἐκλελοί- 
» / ’ὔ 
πασι τελέως, Boravov, Αἰσερνία, Πάννα, Τελεσία 
\ » / 3. a ἣν 9 
συνεχὴς Οὐενάφρῳ, καὶ ἄλλαι τοιαῦται, ὧν οὐδε- 
, “ ς an t Chelan SSeS ah / 
μίαν ἄξιον ἡγεῖσθαι πόλιν' ἡμεῖς δ᾽ ἐπέξιμεν μέχρι 
an / ὃ \ οὗ a al ἐς δό \ δύ 
τοῦ μετρίου διὰ τὴν τῆς ᾿Ιταλίας δόξαν καὶ δύ- 
1 ὁμοίως ὁμοροῦντας may be corrupt. Meineke reads ὁμοίως 
ὁρμῶντας. Possibly we should read ὁμοίως ὁμοοροῦντας. 


462 


GLOGHAPIVYS ες ἡ. 11 


and then, after that, ravaged Campania itself, and 
therefore they must have possessed considerable 
power (indeed, the Campani, since they were already 
schooled in the obedience of other despots, quickly 
submitted to the new commands); but now they 
have been completely worn out—first by others 
and last of all by Sulla, who became dictator 
of the Romans; for when, on putting down the 
insurrection of the Italiotes by many battles, he 
saw that the Samnitae, almost alone, were holding 
together and, in like manner as before, were on 
the border, ready actually to march against Rome 
itself, he joined battle with them before the walls; 
and some of them he cut down in the battle (for he 
had ordered that none be taken alive), while the 
rest, who had flung down their arms (about three or 
four thousand men, it is said) he brought down to 
the Villa Publica in the Campus Martius and im- 
prisoned ; three days later, however, he let soldiers 
loose upon them and thus slaughtered them all; 
and further, he would not stop making proscriptions 
until either he had destroyed all Samnitae of im- 
portance or banished them from Italy. And to 
those who found fault with him for such excessive 
wrath he said he had realised from experience that 
not a Roman could ever live in peace so long as the 
Samnitae held together as a separate people. And 
verily their cities have now come to be mere vil- 
lages (though some have utterly vanished), I mean 
Bovianum, Aesernia, Panna, Telesia (close to Vena- 
frum), and others like them. No one of these 
deserves to be regarded as a city, but I, for my 
part, am thus going into detail, within due bounds, 
because of the glory and power of Italy. Bene- 


463 


STRABO 


¢ / ~ \ 
ναμιν. Beveovevtov δ᾽ ὅμως συνέστηκεν εὖ Kal 
Οὐενουσία. 
a A 4 / 
Περὶ δὲ Σαυνιτῶν Kal τοιοῦτός τις λόγος 
,ὕ i2 n a \ Uf 
φέρεται, διότι πολεμοῦντες Σαβῖνοι πολὺν χρόνον 
oe la) Ὁ 
πρὸς τοὺς ᾿Ομβρικοὺς εὔξαντο, καθάπερ τῶν λ- 
, A / 
λήνων τινές, TA γενόμενα τῷ ἔτει τούτῳ καθιε- 
An n ,ὔ WY x if 
pacar, νικήσαντες δὲ τῶν γενομένων τὰ μὲν κατέ- 
θυσαν, τὰ δὲ “καθιέρωσαν' ἀφορίας δὲ γενηθείσης, 
᾿εἶπέ τις ὡς ἐχρῆν καθιερῶσαι καὶ τὰ τέκνα. οἱ 
δ᾽ ἐποίησαν τοῦτο καὶ τοὺς γενομένους τότε παῖδας 
ἊΝ b) / 2 ὃ θ / δ᾽ Ψ x 3 
ρεως ἐπεφήμισαν, ἀνδρωθέντας δ᾽ ἔστειλαν εἰς 
an \ A A 9 
ἀποικίαν, ἡγήσατο δὲ ταῦρος" ἐν δὲ TH τῶν ᾽Οπι- 
n \ \ n 
κῶν κατευνασθέντος (ἐτύγχανον δὲ κωμηδὸν ζῶν- 
2 Ν 2 te ς / 3 ,ὔ Ν 
τες), ἐκβαλόντες ἐκείνους ἱδρύθησαν αὐτόθι καὶ 
an nw a / 3 \ 
τὸν ταῦρον ἐσφαγίασαν τῷ Αρει τῷ δόντι αὐτὸν 
Ν an ΄ / ΟΡ 
ἡγεμόνα κατὰ τὴν τῶν μάντεων ἀπόφασιν. εἰκὸς 
\ Las la) 
δὲ διὰ τοῦτο Kal Σαβέλλους αὐτοὺς ὑποκοριστικῶς 
\ “ / a! [4 ᾽ 
ἀπὸ τῶν γονέων προσαγορευθῆναι, Σαμνίτας ὃ 
’ 7 ΨΥ / / / 
ἀπ᾽ ἄλλης αἰτίας, ods of “Ελληνες Σαυνίτας λέ- 
/ an 
γουσι. τινὲς δὲ καὶ Λάκωνας συνοίκους αὐτοῖς 
n , 
γενέσθαι φασὶ καὶ διὰ τοῦτο καὶ φιλέλληνας ὑπάρ- 
\ x \ , i. a δὲ 
Eat, τινὰς δὲ καὶ ἸΠιτανάτας καλεῖσθαι. δοκεῖ δὲ 
, Ma, 5 , 
καὶ Ταραντίνων πλάσμα τοῦτ᾽ εἶναι, κολακευόντων 
€ , J , 
ὁμόρους καὶ μέγα δυναμένους ἀνθρώπους καὶ ἅμα 
b] , 4 Noe pre. \ , BA “ 
ἐξοικειουμένων, οἵ γε καὶ ὀκτὼ μυριάδας ἔστελλόν 
ERA a πε απ TICE ARR ον GOES ol CEST BTS GS π-ι 
1 The Greek word here translated ‘‘nickname”’ often 
means simply a ‘‘diminutive.” In that case, Strabo means 
by ‘‘Sabelli” merely ‘“‘ Little Sabini’’; but since the people 


in question are ‘‘Sons of War,” he seems to allude also to 
the Latin ‘‘ bellum.” 2 Cp:-Pliny ὃ. 17. 


464 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 4. 11-12 


ventum, however, has held up very well, and so 
has Venusia. 

12. Concerning the Samnitae there is another 
story current to this effect: The Sabini, since they 
had long been at war with the Ombrici, vowed 
(just as some of the Greeks do) to dedicate every- 
thing that was produced that year; and, on winning 
the victory, they partly sacrificed and partly dedicated 
all that was produced; then a dearth ensued, and 
some one said that they ought to have dedicated 
the babies too; this they did, and devoted to Mars 
all the children born that year; and these children, 
when grown to manhcod, they sent away as colonists, 
and a bull led the way; and when the bull lay down 
to rest in the land of the Opici (who, as it chanced, 
were living only in villages), the Sabini ejected them 
and settled on the spot, and, in accordance with the 
utterance of their seers, slaughtered the bull as a 
sacrifice to Mars who had given it for a guide. It 
is reasonable to suppose therefore that their name 
“ Sabelli” is a nickname derived from the name of 
their forefathers,! while their name ‘“ Samnitae”’ 
(the Greeks say ‘‘Saunitae’’) is due to a different 
cause.2, Some say, moreover, that a colony of La- 
conians joined the Samnitae, and that for this reason 
the Samnitae actually became philhellenes, and that 
some of them were even called “ Pitanatae.”? But 
it is thought that the Tarantini simply fabricated 
this, to flatter, and at the same time to win the 
friendship of, a powerful people on their borders ; 
because, on a time, the Samnitae were wont to send 
forth an army of as manyas eighty thousand infantry 


3 That is, as though from Pitane, in Laconia, or as though 
members of a Spartan clan by that name, 


465 
VOL. 11. HH 


C 251 


STRABO 


ποτε τῆς πεζῆς στρατιᾶς, ἱππέας δ' OKTAKLOXL- 
λίους. φασὶ δὲ νόμον | εἶναι παρὰ τοῖς Σαυνίταις 
καλὸν καὶ προτρεπτικὸν πρὸς ἀρετήν: οὐ γὰρ 
ἔξεστι διδόναι τὰς θυγατέρας οἷς ἂν ἐθέλωσιν, 
ἀλλὰ κρίνεσθαι κατὰ ἔτος δέκα μὲν παρθένους 
δέκα δὲ τῶν νέων, τοὺς ἀρίστους καὶ τὰς ἀρίστας" 
τούτων τῷ πρώτῳ τὴν πρώτην δίδοσθαι, τῷ δευ- 
τέρῳ τὴν δευτέραν καὶ ἑξῆς οὕτως" ἐὰν δ᾽ ὁ λαβὼν 
τὸ γέρας μεταβαλόμενος γένηται πονηρός, ἀτιμά- 
ζουσι καὶ ἀφαιροῦνται τὴν δοθεῖσαν. ἑξῆς δ᾽ 
εἰσὶν Ἵρπῖνοι, καὐτοὶ Σαυνῖται: τοὔνομα δ᾽ ἔσχον 
ἀπὸ τοῦ ἡγησαμένου λύκου τῆς ἀποικίας" ἵρπον 
γὰρ καλοῦσιν οἱ Σαυνῖται τὸν λύκον: συνάπτουσι 
δὲ Λευκανοῖς τοῖς μεσογαίοις. περὶ μὲν Σαυνιτῶν 
ταῦτα. 

13. Καμπανοῖς δὲ συνέβη διὰ τὴν τῆς χώρας 
εὐδαιμονίαν ἐπ᾽ ἴσον ἀγαθῶν ἀπολαῦσαι καὶ κα- 
κῶν. ἐπὶ τοσοῦτον γὰρ ἐξετρύφησαν " ὥστ᾽ ἐπὶ 
δεῖπνον ἐκάλουν πρὸς ζεύγη μονομάχων, ὁρίζοντες 
ἀριθμὸν κατὰ τὴν τῶν δείπνων ἃ ἀξίαν. ᾿Αννίβα 
δ᾽ ἐξ ἐνδόσεως λαβόντος αὐτούς, δεξάμενοι χειμα- 
δίοις τὴν στρατιὰν οὕτως ἐξεθήλυναν ταῖς ἡδοναῖς 

ὥσθ᾽ ὁ ᾿Αννίβας ἔφη νικῶν κινδυνεύειν ἐπὶ τοῖς 
ΠῚ γενέσθαι, γυναῖκας ἀντὶ τῶν ἀνδρῶν τοὺς 
στρατιώτας ἀπολαβών. “Ρωμαῖοι δὲ κρατήσαντες 
πολλοῖς κακοῖς ἐσωφρόνισαν αὐτούς, ὕστατα δὲ 

1 νόμον, all editors, for μόνον. 

ἢ ἐξετρύφησαν, Meineke, for εὖ ἐτρύφησαν. 


3 Kramer emends δείπνων to συνδείπνων ; so Miiiler-Diibner 
and Meineke ; perhaps rightly. 


1 Some of the editors emend the text to read ‘‘ by the rank 
of their guests.” 


466 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 4. 12-13 


and eight thousand cavalry. And they say that 
among the Samnitae there is a law which is indeed 
honourable and conducive to noble qualities; for 
they are not permitted to give their daughters in 
marriage to whom they wish, but every year ten 
virgins and ten young men, the noblest of each sex, 
are selected, and, of these, the first choice of the 
virgins is given to the first choice of the young men, 
and the second to the second, and so on to the end ; 
but if the young man who wins the meed of honour 
changes and turns out bad, they disgrace him and 
take away from him the woman given him. Next 
after the Samnitae come the Hirpini, and they too 
are Samnitae; they got their name from the wolf 
that led the way for their colony (for “hirpus”’ is 
what the Samnitae call the wolf) ; and their territory 
adjoins that of those Leucani who live in the interior. 
So much, then, for the Samnitae. 

13. As for the Campani, it was their lot, because 
of the fertility of their country, to enjoy in equal 
degree both evil things and good. For they were 
so extravagant that they would invite gladiators, 
in pairs, to dinner, regulating the number by the 
importance of the dinners;1 and when, on their 
instant submission to Hannibal, they received his 
army into winter-quarters, the soldiers became so 
effeminate because of the pleasures afforded them that 
Hannibal said that, although victor, he was in danger 
of falling into the hands of his fee because the 
soldiers he had got back were not his men, but only 
women. But when the Romans got the mastery, 
they brought them to their senses by many severe 
lessons, and, last of all, portioned out to Roman 


407 


STRABO 


Kal κατεκληρούχησαν τὴν γῆν. νυνὶ μέντοι μετ᾽ 
εὐπραγίας διάγουσι τοῖς ἐποίκοις ὁμονοήσαντες 
καὶ τὸ ἀξίωμα φυλάττουσι τὸ ἀρχαῖον καὶ τῷ 
μεγέθει τῆς πόλεως καὶ κατ᾽ εὐανδρίαν. μετὰ δὲ 
τὴν Καμπανίαν καὶ τὴν Σαυνῖτιν μέχρι Φρεντα- 
νῶν ἐπὶ μὲν τῇ Τυρρηνικῇ θαλάττῃ τὸ τῶν LeKev- 
τίνων ἔθνος οἰκεῖ, μικρὸν ἀπόσπασμα τῶν ἐν τῷ 
᾿Αδρίᾳ ΠΠΙκεντίνων, ὑπὸ Ρωμαίων μετῳκισμένον 
εἰς τὸν Ποσειδωνιάτην κόλπον, ὃς νῦν ΠΠαιστανὸς 
καλεῖται, καὶ ἡ πόλις ἡ Ποσειδωνία Ilatotos, ἐν 
μέσῳ τῷ κόλπῳ κειμένη. Συβαρῖται μὲν οὖν ἐπὶ 
θαλάττῃ τεῖχος ἔθεντο, οἱ δ᾽ οἰκισθέντες ἀνωτέρω 
μετέστησαν, ὕστερον δὲ Λευκανοὶ μὲν ἐκείνους, 
“Ῥωμαῖοι δὲ Λευκανοὺς ἀφείλοντο τὴν πόλιν. ποιεῖ 
δ᾽ αὐτὴν ἐπίνοσον ποταμὸς πλησίον εἰς ἕλη ἀνα- 
χεόμενος.Σ μεταξὺ δὲ τῶν Σειρηνουσσῶν καὶ τῆς 
Ποσειδωνίας Μαρκῖνα, Τυρρηνῶν κτίσμα οἰκού- 
μενον ὑπὸ Σαυνιτῶν. ἐντεῦθεν εἰς Πομπαίαν διὰ 
Νουκερίας οὐ πλειόνων ἑκατὸν καὶ εἴκοσι σταδίων 
ἐστὶν ὁ ἰσθμός. διήκουσι, δ᾽ οἱ Πίκεντες μέχρι 
τοῦ Σιλάριδος ποταμοῦ τοῦ ὁρίζοντος ἀπὸ ταύτης 


1 Συβαρῖται... ἀναχεόμενος is transposed by Meineke (as 
suggested by Du Theil, Groskurd, Kramer, and C. Miiller) 
to a position after 7 Ποσειδωνία in 6. 1. 1. 


1 Strabo says elsewhere (δ. 4. 2) that the Frentani were a 
‘‘Samnitic tribe,” but he has preferred to discuss the two 
peoples and their countries separately (see also 5. 4. 3). 

* Hereafter Strabo will call this tribe ‘‘ Picentes”’ (cp. the 
Latin terms). 

3 This was merely a fortified trading-post. It was near 
what the Romans called ‘‘ Portus Alburnus”’ (see Nissen, 
Landeskunde, Vol. If., p. 892), 

4 Akout one-half of a mile inland, to the site of Poseidonia. 


468 


SELOGRAPILY 5. 4,12 


settlers a part of the land. Now, however, they 
are living in prosperity, being of one mind with the 
new settlers, and they preserve their old-time 
reputation, in respect to both the size of their city and 
the high quality of its men. After Campania, and the 
Samnite country (as far as the Frentani!), on the 
Tyrrhenian Sea dwells the tribe of the Picentini,? 
a small offshoot of those Picentini who dwell on the 
Adriatic, which has been transplanted by the Romans 
to the Poseidonian Gulf; this gulf is now called 
the Paestan Gulf; and the city of Poseidonia, which 
is situated in the centre of the gulf, is now called 
Paestus. The Sybaritae, it is true, had erected 
fortifications on the 568,8 but the settlers removed 
them farther inland ; 8 later on, however, the Leucani 
took the city away from the Sybaritae, and, in turn, 
the Romans took it away from the Leucani. But the 
city is rendered unhealthy by a river that spreads 
out into marshes in the neighbourhood.> Between 
the Sirenussae and Poseidonia lies Marcina, a city 
founded by the Tyrrheni and now inhabited by 
Samnitae. From here to Pompaia, by way of Nuceria, 
the distance across the isthmus is not more than one 
hundred and twenty stadia. The country of the 
Picentes extends as far as the River Silaris, which 


> Meineke, following the suggestion of Du Theil, transposes 
‘the Greek for ‘‘The Sybaritae ... neighbourhood” to 
' a position after the first sentence in Book VI, assuming 
that the Greek as it stands makes Poseidonia a city of the 
Picentini. But the words in question seem to be merely a 
digression ; and in that case ‘‘the settlers” now referred to 
are not to be confused with the ‘‘transplanted” Picentini, 
whcse city was Picentia. The river in question is now 
represented by the ‘‘ Fosso Capo dei Fiumi” and the marshes 
near it. 


469 


STRABO 


τῆς χώρας τὴν ἀρχαίαν Καμπανίαν' ‘1 ἐφ᾽ οὗ τοῦτ᾽ 
ἴδιον ἱ ἱστοροῦσιν περὶ τοῦ ὕδατος 5 ὄντος ποτίμου, 
τὸ καθιέμενον εἰς αὐτὸ φυτὸν ἀπολιθοῦσθαι φυλάτ- 
τον τὴν χρόαν καὶ τὴν μορφήν. τῶν δὲ Πικέντων 
ὑπῆρχε μητρόπολις Πεκεντία, νυνὶ δὲ κωμηδὸν 
ζῶσιν ἀπωσθέντες ὑπὸ “Ῥωμαίων διὰ τὴν πρὸς 
᾿Αννίβαν κοινωνίαν: ἀντὶ δὲ στρατείας ἡμεροδρο- 
μεῖν καὶ γραμματοφορεῖν ἀπεδείχθησαν ἐν τῷ 
τότε δημοσίᾳ, καθάπερ καὶ Λευκανοὶ καὶ Βρέττιοι 
κατὰ τὰς αὐτὰς αἰτίας" ἐπετείχισαν δ᾽ αὐτοῖς 
Σάλερνον “Ῥωμαῖοι φρουρᾶς χάριν μικρὸν ὑπὲρ. 
τίν θαλάττης" εἰσὶ δ᾽ ἀπὸ  Σειρηνουσσῶν ἐπὶ 
Σίλαριν στάδιοι διακόσιοι ἑξήκοντα. 


1 For Καμπανίαν (the reading of the MSS. except C, which 
reads Κανίαν) Meineke and others read Ἰταλίαν. See C. Miiller, 
Ind. Var. Lect., p. 974). 

2 ποῦ, after ὕδατος, Meineke omits. 

3 ποτίμου, the editors in penenay for ποταμίου cp. same 
emendation in 5. 1. 8 and 5. 4 


470 


GEOGRAPHY, 5. 4. 13 


separates the old Campania from this country.t In 
regard to this river, writers report the following 
as a special characteristic, that although its water 
is potable, any plant that is let down into it turns 
to stone, though it keeps its colour and its shape. 
Picentia first belonged to the Picentes, as metropolis, 
but at the present time they live only in villages, 
having been driven away by the Romans because 
they had made common cause with Hannibal. And 
instead of doing military service, they were at that 
time appointed to serve the State as couriers and 
letter-carriers (as were also, for the same reasons, 
both the Leucani and the Brettii); and for the sake 
of keeping watch over the Picentes the Romans 
fortified Salernum against them, a city situated only 
a short distance above the sea. The distance from 
the Sirenussae to the Silaris is two hundred and 
sixty stadia. 

1 The later editors emend ‘‘Campania” to ‘‘Italy” (cp. 
5. 1. 1). But it seems far more likely that Strabo wrote 
(or else had in mind) the words ‘‘ Lucania and” before ‘‘ the 
Silaris River.” In this case ‘‘ this country ” means Lucania. 
Indeed, Strabo says in the succeeding paragraph (6. 1. 1) 
that Lucania begins at Silaris. And he has already defined 
the seaboard of the Campania of his own time as beginning 
at Sinuessa, and ending at Surrentum and the Cape of 
Minerva (see 5. 2. 1, 5. 3. 4, 5. 4. 3, and 5. 4. 8-9). 

2 So Pliny (2. 106) and Silius Italicus (8. 581). 


471 


A PARTIAL DICTIONARY 


OF PROPER 


NAMES ! 


A 


Acherrae, 453, 461 

Addua River, 227, 273, 295, 313 

Adriatic, the, 273, 283, 301, 303, 305, 
319, 331, 427, 469 

Adula, Mt., 227, 273, 313 

Aedua, the, 199, 225, 229 

Aeneas, Trojan founder of Rome, 379, 
393, 397 

Aequi (Aeci), the, 379, 387, 415 

Aeschylus (525-456 B.C.), the tragic 
poet; quoted concerning the Stony 
Plain, 187; on the Pelasgi, 345 

Aesis River, 331, 369, 371 

Aetna, Mt., 453, 457 

Afranius, one of Pompey’s generals, 
99 

Agrippa, Marcus Vipsanius (consul 37, 
28, 27, B.C.); his transfer of the 
Ubii across the Rhenus, 231; built 
roads from Lugdunum, 289; his 
adornment of Rome, 405; cut down 
forest about Avernus, 445 

Ahenobarbus, Gnaeus Dometius (con- 
sul 122 B.C.); routed the Celti, 197, 
219 

Alba, 379, 381, 387, 403, 423 

Albanus, Mt., 379, 411, 421, 423 

Alexander the Great (356-323 B.C.); 
set up altars as limits of his Indian 
Expedition, 139; his complaints 
against the pirates of Antium, 391 

Allobroges, the, 197, 199, 231, 271 

Alps, the, 263, 265, 283, 289, 293, 
299, 303, 329, 427 

Amollius (Amulius), legendary King 
of Rome, 381 

Anacreon of Teos (b. about 560 B.C.), 
59; the great lyric poet, of whose 
works only fragments remain 


Anas River, 11, 19 

Ancona, 303, 305, 371, 427 

Ancus Marcius, legendary King of 
Rome, 339, 391, 401 

Anio River, 403, 417 

Anticleides of Athens, 347 (lived 
about the time of Alexander the 
Great), author, among other works, 
of the Returns of Greeks from their 
mythical expeditions 

Antiochus of Syracuse (fl. about 420 
B.C.), author of a History of Sicily 
and The Colonising of Italy, of 
which only fragments are extant; 
on the Opici and Ausones, 435 

Antipolis, 171, 175, 191, 267 

Antium, 387, 389, 391, 393, 421 

Antony, Marcus, the triumyir, 23 

Apennine Mountains, 263, 285, 287, 
303, 305, 307; 323, 333, 335, 351, 
373, 389, 397, 427 

Appian Way, 395, 399, 411, 413, 421, 
459 

Aquae Sextiae, 171, 177 , 

Aquileia, 283, 287, 291, 317, 323, 
331 

Aquitani, the, 163, 213 

Aquitania, 253, 291 

Arar River, 199, 211, 223, 225, 229 

Ardea, 379, 393 

Ariminum, 301, 303, 305, 327, 329, 
369, 371 

Aristarcha, the priestess of Artemis, 


17 

Aristotle of Stagira (see Dictionary in 
vol. i.), on the cause of the tides, 
67; on the stones of Stony Plain, 
185 

Arretium, 351, 365, 367 

Artabrians (Arotrebians), 69, 71, 
157 


1 A complete index will appear in the last volume. 


STRABO II. 


473 


A PARTIAL DICTIONARY OF PROPER NAMES 


Artemidorus of Ephesus (fl. about 
100 B.C.), geographer, and author 
of a work in eleven books, of which 
only fragments preserved in an 
abridgment by Marcianus now re- 
main; on Cape Nerium, 7; on the 
size of the setting sun, ll; contra- 
dicts Eratosthenes regarding © Tar- 
tessis ” and ‘‘ Blest Isle,’ on 
the temple of Athens at Ode 
83; on anchorages at Tarraco, 91; 
on the ornaments of women, 109; 
on the dimensions of the larger of 
the Gymnesiae, 125; on the Pillars 
of Heracles, 137; on the mouths 
of the Rhodanus, 189; on“* Aeria,” 
197; -his story of the crows, 249, 
and of Demeter and Core, 251: 
on the distance of Cyrnus and 
Sardo from mainland, 357; identi- 
fies Avernus with Lake Acherusia, 
447 

Arverni, the, 211, 217, 219, 221, 231 

Asclepiades the Myrlean (fl. in first 
century B.C.), historian, gram- 
marian, and teacher of grammar in 
Turditania, 83; ‘on the Igletes, 
119 

Asinius Pollio (76 B.C.—4 A.D.), orator, 
poet, historian, and (40 B.C.) con- 
sul; on the length of the Rhenus 
River, 227 

Asta, 17, 23, 31 

Asturians, the, 103, 121 

Atax River, 181, 183, 211 

Athenodorus (see Dictionary in vol. i.), 
on the tides, 147 

Augusta Emerita, 61, 121 

Augustus Caesar (Ὁ. 63 B.C., ἃ. 14 
A.D.), Cantabrians subdued by, 79; 
his personal territory in Iberia, 
121; his division of Transalpine 
Celtica, 165; naval station of, 
called Forum Julium, 191: his 
temple at Lugdunum, 223; his 
friendship with British chieftains, 
257; builder of roads, 275; his 
overthrow of the Salassi, 279; 
founded Augusta, 281; vanquished 
the Iapodes, 287; his constructive 
measures, 403; builder of beautiful 
structures at Rome, 407; his 
Mausoleum, 409; personal owner 
of Capreae, 459 

Ausones, the, 393, 435 


474 


B 


Baetis River, 17, 19, 101 

RBaiae, 447, 451, 457 

Balbus of Gades (fl. about 40 B. οὐ), 
served under Caesar in the civil 
war; was quaestor in Farther 
Spain (48 B.C.); added a new city 
to his native city Gades, and in 
19 B.C. gained a triumph for his 
victories in Africa, 131 

Barcas Hamilcar, the father of Hanni- 
bal; his campaign against Iberia, 
57; succeeded by Hasdrubal, 87 

Bastetania, 75, 81 

Bastetanians, the, 19, 79, 103, 105 

Bituitus, King of the Arverni; his 
war with the Romans (21 B.C.), : 
221 

Boii, the, 311, 323 

Bononia, 327, 331 

Brennus, the Prausan, 205 

Brundisium (Brentesium), 395, 461 

ey (Brettii), the, 305, 307, 377, 
7 

Brutus, Decimus (b. about 84 B.C.); 
his flight from Mutina (43 B.C.), 
279 

Brutus, D. Junius (consul 138 B.C.), 
surnamed Callaicus, 63, 69, 77 


C 


Caepio, Quintus (consul 106 B.C.), 
ae Delphian treasures at Tolosa, 
207 : 

Caesar-Augusta, 61, 97 

Caesar, Augustus (see Augustus) 

Caesar, the Deified (see Julius Caesar) 

Oallaicans, the, 65, 77, 103, 109, 121 

Callimachus of Cyrene (see Dictionary 
in vol. i.) on Pola, 323 

Calpe, mountain and city, 15, 79, 80, 
129 


Campani, the, 449, 455, 463, 467 

Campania, 389, 395, 413, 433, 435, 
437, 459, 463, 471 

Campus Martius, the, 407, 463 

Cantabrians, the, tae 79, 109, 116, 
121 

Cantium, 227, 253 

Capreae, 455, 459 

Capua, 435, 459 

Carbo, Gnaeus (consul 113 B.C.); his 
clash with the Cimbri, 319 


A PARTIAL DICTIONARY OF PROPER NAMES 


Carpetanians, the, 65, 103 
sop whither Gnaeus Pompey fled, 
identified with Tartessus, 59 

Gein, 411, 413, 415 

Castalo, 25, 97; its mined lead, 47; 

_ a powerful city, 65 

Cavari, the, 195, 201 

Celtae, the, 163, 211 

Celti, the, 197, 235, 251, 
307, 311, 333 

Celtiberia, 101, 105 

Celtiberians, the, 87, 103, 105, 109, 
123 

Celtica (see Transalpine and Cisal- 
pine), four parts of, 169; size of, 
251, 253; its exports and imports, 
259° 

Cemmenus Mountain, 163, 195, 203, 
211, 213, 291 

Cimbri, the, 241, 319 

Cisalpine Celtica, 227, 271, 808, 331, 
371: 

Cispadana, 307, 323, 325, 329 

Cleitarchus, who accompanied Alex- 
ander the Great on his Asiatic 
expedition; on the salt-rock in 
India, 357 

Clusium, 367, 403 

Coelius, Lucius Antipater (b. about 
175 ’B.c.), the Roman _ historian, 
385 

Corduba, founded by Marcellus (in 
his third consulship, 152 B.c.), 21, 
23 

Corsica (see Cyrnus) 

Cosa (Cossa), 347, 363 

Cottius; 171, 273, 327; king of 
several Ligurian tribes in the 
Cottian Alps, but submitted to 
Augustus, who gave him the title 
of Praefect, whereupon he built 
roads over the Alps, and in 8 B.C. 
elected at Segusio (now Susa), in 
honour of Augustus, a triumphal 
arch which is still to be seen 

Crassus, Publius Licinius (consul 
97 B.C.); his visit to the Cassiter- 
ides Islands, 159 

Crates of Mallus (see Dictionary in 
vol. i); his use of Homer as basis 
of scientific investigations, 85 

Cumae, 437, 439, 447, 451 

Cuneus, ou adjacent to Sacred 
Gape, 7 

Cyrnus (Corsica), 355, 359, 361 


255, 261, 


D 


Daci, the, 287, 311 

Demetrius of Phalerum (b. about 
350 B.C.), pupil of Theophrastus, 
philosopher, statesman, orator, his- 
torian, and author of numerous 
works on various subjects; on the 
Attic silver mines, 43 

Demetrius Poliorcetes (337-283 B.C.) ; 
his complaints against the pirates of 
Antium, 391 

Dicaearchia, 445, 447, 451, 457 

Dicaearchus of Messene in Sicily (see 
Dictionary in vol. i.), on the Pillars 
of Heracles, 137 

Dionysius the Elder (430-367 B.C.); 
his stud of prize-horses, 309; 
robbed temple of Hilethyia, 365; 
his tyranny, 427 

Dionysus, imitated by Alexander in 
the erection of altars, 139, 141; 
Samnitae women possessed by, 249 

Dometius Ahenobarbus (see Aheno- 
barbus) 

Druentia River, 171, 195, 271, 329 

Druids, the, 245, 247 

Drusus Germanicus (consul 9 B.C.), 
brother of Tiberius Caesar; his 
campaign against the Carni and 
Norici, 283 

Dubis River, 199, 211, 223, 225 

Durias River, 271, 277, 327 

Durius River, 65, 69, 101 


E 


Ebusus, island of, 91, 125 

Edetanians, the, 81, 103, 105 

Elvetii, the, 225, 229, 281, 291 

Ephorus (see Dictionary in vol. i.), 7; 
his account of Celtica, 251; on the 
Pelasgi, 343, 345; on the Cimmer- 
jians, 443 

Eratosthenes of Cyrene (see Diction- 
ary in vol. i.), on Tartessis, 49; on 
Tarraco’s roadstead, 91; on the 
Pillars of Heracles, 137; on the 
distance of Cyrnus and Sardo from 
mainland, 357 

Erytheia, 49, 133 

Euripides (480-406 B.c.), the tragic 
poet; attributes the ruin of Greeks 
and barbarians to Zeus, 189; on 
the Pelasgians, 345 


475 


A PARTIAL DICTIONARY OF PROPER NAMES 


Evander, mythical Arcadian founder 
of Rome, 385 


FE 


Fabius the historian, 877 (Strabo 
refers to Quintus Fabius Pictor, 
who flourished about 220 B.C., was 
the oldest Roman annalist, and 
wrote his work in Greek, or else 
possibly to a younger annalist 
named Fabius Pictor, whose work 
was written in Latin) 

Flaminian Way, 331, 367, 371 

Flaminius, Gaius, the Elder (consul 
223 and 217 B.C.), conquered by 
Hannibal, 369 

Flaminius, Gaius, the Younger (con- 
sul with Marcus Lepidus in 187 
B.C.), builder of Flaminian Way, 
331 

Frentani, the, 429, 433, 469 

G 

Gades, 11,17, 19, 21, 81, 129,135; 
its population and its Knights, 
131; distance from Sacred Cape, 
49 

Gaezatae, the, 311, 323 

Galatae, the, 163, 179, 211, 223, 237 

Garumna River, 165, 211, 213, 229, 
253 

Genua, 263, 267, 271, 303, 323, 329 

Germans, the, 225, 229, 239, 241, 
281 


ἘΠ 


Hannibal, son of Barcas Hamilcar 
(Ὁ. about 247, ἃ. about 183 B.C.), 
323; his destruction of Saguntum, 
91; crossed Alps through country 
of the Taurini, 293; through 
marshes of Cispadana, 329, 369; 
besieged the Praenestini, 461; 
lavishly entertained by the Cam- 
pani, 467 

Hasdrubal, successor of Barcas Hamil- 
car, 87 

Helvetii (see Elvetii) 

Hemeroscopeium, 89, 99 

Heneti (Eneti), 299, 303, 307, 317, 
321, 323 

Heracles, the expeditions of, 53; 
Pillars of (see Pillars of Heracles); 
imitated by Alexander, 139, 141 


476 


Hera’s Island, 129, 137 

Hernici, the, 379, 387, 415 

Herodotus (see Dictionary in vol. i.), 
on Argonthonius, 59 

Hesiod (see Dictionary in vol. i.), 845. 

Hiero (tyrant of Syracuse from 478 
to 467 B.C.), 457 

Hispania, synonymous with Iberia, 

19 


1 
Homer, 309, 348, 345, 357 


1 


Tapodes, the, 265, 287 

Iberia, general character of, 3; shape 
and dimensions of, 5; wealth of, 
57; number of cities in, 105; pro- 
ducts of, 107; its name, 117 

Iberus River, 81, 89, 91, 97, 99, 155 

Iconii, the, 195, 271 

Idubeda Mountain, 97, 101, 103 

Terne (Ireland), 259 

Tlipa, 21, 153 

Interamna, 373, 413 

Ister River, 273, 285, 287, 289, 311, 
317 

Italiotes, the, 271, 283, 291, 299, 
463 

Italy, 299, 305, 307, 371, 463 


J 


Julius Caesar (Ὁ. about 100, ἃ. 44 
B.C.); went from Rome to Obulco in 
27 days, 97; defeated Afranius 
and Petreius, 99; on the Aquitani 
and Belgae, 165; opposed by the 
Massiliotes in the civil war, 179; 
whom, he later granted their former 
autonomy, 181; his war with Ver- 
cingetorix, 219; established navy- 
yard at Itium, 229, 253; his war 
with the Hlvetii, 229; naval battle 
with the Veneti, 235; twice crossed 
over to Britain, 257; robbed by 
Salassi, 279; colonised Comum, 
811; builder of beautiful struc- 
tures at Rome, 407 

Jura, Mt., 229, 291 


L 


Lanuvium, 387, 389, 421 
Larius Lake, 273, 295, 313 
Latin Way, the, 411, 413, 415, 461 


A PARTIAL DICTIONARY OF PROPER NAMES 


Latini, the, 335, 379, 387, 389, 391, 
393, 395 

Latinus, legendary King of the Latins, 
379 

Latium (Latin country), 335, 3873, 
377, 387, 389, 409, 423, 433, 461 

Laurentum, 379, 393 

Laurium, silver mines of, 43 

Lavinium, 385, 393 

Lemenna Lake, 273, 291 

Lepidus, Marcus (consul with Gaius 
Flaminius in 187 B.c.), builder of 
Flaminian Way, 331 

Lero, island, 193 

Leucani, the, 305, 307, 377, 469, 471 

Liger River, 165, 211, 213, 229, 231, 
241, 249, 253 

Ligures, the, 169, 177, 191, 193, 265, 
271,293, 881, 353 

Liguria, 299, 303, 307, 333 

Lingones, the, 199, 229, 291 

Liris River, 397, 413, 415 

Lucani (see Leucani) 

Lucrinus Gulf, 439, 445 

Lugdunum, 165, 199, 217, 223, 229, 
231, 289 

Luna, 329, 349 

Lusitania, greatest of the Iberian 
nations, 65; dimensions, 67 

Lusitanians, the, 65, 71, 73, 107, 121 


M 


Malaca, 81, 105 

Marcellus, Marcus, founder of Corduba 
(in his third consulship, 152 B.c.), 
21; exacted tribute of 600 talents 
from Celtiberia, 105 

Marius, Gaius (157-86 B.C.), seven 
times consul; cut a new channel for 
the Rhodanus, 189 

Marius the Younger (consul 82 B.C.), 
killed at Praeneste, 419 

Marsi, the, 337, 403, 415, 425, 429 

Massilia, 169, 173, 181, 183 

Massiliotes, the, 169, 175, 189, 267, 
269 

Maximus Aemilianus (see Quintus) 

Menapii, the, 231, 233, 253, 257 

Messala, Marcus Valerius (consul 
31 B.C.), 279 

Metellus Balearicus (consul 123 B.C.), 
subjugated the inhabitants of the 
Balearic Isles and founded their 
cities, 125, 127 


Metellus Pius (fl. about 90 B.C.), went 
as proconsul to Iberia in 79 B.C. 
and for eight years prosecuted an 
unsuccessful war against Sertorius ; 
the war was hear Segobriga and 
Bilbilis, 103 

Minturnae, 395, 413, 415 

Misenum, Cape, 483, 4385, 439, 447, 
455 

Morini, the, 233, 253, 257 

Munda, 97; geographical position of, 
23 


N 


Nabrissa, 17, 31 

Nar River, 371, 403 

Narbo, 171, 181, 201, 203, 211, 223 

Narbonitis, 165, 169, 211, 217, 221, 
291 

Neapolis (Naples), 445, 449, 451, 457 

Nemausus, 171, 201 

New Carthage, 105, 123, 155; silver 
mines of, 47; founded by Has- 
drubal, 87 

Nicaea, 175, 191 

Nola, 453, 461 

Nomentan Way, 377, 417 

Nuceria, 373, 453, 461, 469 

Numa  Pompilius, successor of 
Romulus as King of Rome, 375, 
385 

Numantia, 69, 101, 103 


O 


Obulco, 21, 97 

Ocra, Mt., 265, 287, 303 

Ocricli, 367, 371 

Odysseia, City of, 53, 83 

Ompbrica (Umbria), 369, 371, 373 
403 

Ombrici, the, 315, 325,.337, 369, 465 

Ophiussa, island of, 125 

Opici, the, 435, 465 

Orespeda Mountain, 97, 101, 108, 105 

Oretanians, the, 65, 81, 103, 105 

Osci, the, 395, 413, 435, 453 

Ostia, 335, 363, 379, 389, 391, 399 


Ῥ 
Padus River; 227, 271, 273, 295, 307, 
811: 313, 327, 329, 435 
Patavium, 313, 333 
Pelasgi, the, 341, 348, 365, 453 


477 


A PARTIAL DICTIONARY OF PROPER NAMES 


Peligni, the, 389, 429, 431, 433 

Pelorus (the pilot of Hannibal’s ship 
killed in fit of anger by Hannibal); 
Tower of, 139 

Petreius, one of Pompey’s generals, 
99 

Pherecydes of Syros (see Dictionary 
in vol. i.); on Hrytheia, 133 

Philetas of Cos (fl. about 300 B.C.), 
an Alexandrian poet and gram- 
marian; his Hermeneia quoted, 
127 

Phoenicians, the, 53, 57, 81, 125, 147, 
157, 361 

Phosphorus (Artemis), shrine of, called 
‘* Lux Dubia,” 19 

Picentini, the, 377, 427, 469 

Picenum (Picentine country), 427, 
429, 431, 433 

Pillars of Heracles, 3, 5, 15, 31, 33, 
Dig 89, δ8, 65; 79; 8ῦ. 98. 97. 129, 
135, 143 

Pindar, the lyric poet (b. about 522 
B.C.); on Greek sacrifices, 75; on 
the Gates of Gades, 143; on the 
eruptions of Typhon, 457 

Pisa, 303, 351, 353, 363 

Pithecussae Island, 455, 457, 459 

Pityussae Islands, 123 

Placentia, 325, 327, 329, 333 

Poeninus (Pennine Alps), 277, 289, 
291 

Pola, 299, 323 

Polybius (see Dictionary in vol. i.); 
on the Turditanians and Turdulians, 
13; on the sea-oak and tunny-fish, 
39; on the silver mines of New 
Carthage, 47; on the sources of 
the Baetis and Anas Rivers, 49; 
on the civility of the Celtic peoples, 
59; on the tribes of the Vaccaeans 
and Celtiberians, 103; on the de- 
struction of 300 Celtiberian cities 
by Tiberius Gracchus, 105; on the 
Pillars of Heracles, 137; on the 
behaviour of the spring and the 
tides at Gades, 143, 147; on the 
mouths of the Rhodanus, 189; on 
Pytheas, 215; on the Ligures and 
other tribes, 265; on a peculiar 
animal in the Alps, 289; on a gold 
mine among the Noric Taurisci, 
291; on the size and height of the 
Alps, 293; calls Italy a triangular 
promontory, 301; on the distance 


478 


from Japygia to Sicilian Strait, 
305; on the fountains of the 
Timavus, 319; on the distance 
from Luna to Cosa, 347; on the 
Opici and Ausones, 435 — 

Pompaia, 453, 455, 469 

Pompey, Gnaeus, younger son of the 
triumyir; flight and death of, 23 

Pompey the Great, the triumvir; 
sons of defeated, 21; his faction 
joined by the Massiliotes, 179; 
son of Pompey Strabo, 311; builder 
of beautiful structures at Rome, 
407 

Pompey, Sextus, elder son of the 
triumvir; his capture and death, 
23; his war against the generals of 
Caesar, 101; caused Sicily to 
revolt, 439 

Pompey Strabo (consul 89 B.C.), 
settled colony at Comum, 311 

Poplonium, 347, 353, 355, 363 

Poseidonian (Paestan) Gulf, 299, 305, 
469 

Poseidonius (see Dictionary in vol. i.), 
on the size of the setting sun, 9; 
on the east winds, 31; on the 
Turditanian ores, 43; on the cause 
of the tides, 67; on the source of 
the Baenis River, 69; on the temple 
of Athene at Odysseia, 83; on the 
tribute exacted from Celtiberia by 
Marcellus, 103; ridicules Polybius, 
105; on the copper in Cyprus, and 
the crows and horses in Iberia, 107; 
on the courage of women, 113; on 
the Pillars of Heracles, 137; on 
the wells and tides at Gades, 145; 
on the relation of the tides to the 
moon, 149; on certain trees in 
Gades and New Carthage, 155; 
on the stones of Stony Plain, 185, 
187; on the isthmus near Narbo, 
209; on nailing up the heads of 
enemies in Gaul, 247; on the 
Timavus River, 319; on quarrying 
stones in Liguria, 335 

Praeneste, 415, 417, 419 

Publius Crassus (see Crassus) 

Pyrenees Mountains, 5, 77, 101, 239, 
253 

Pytheas of Massilia (see Dictionary in 
vo]. i.); his false pretensions, 51, 
85; on Britain, 215; on the Ostimii 
(Osismii), 237 


A PARTIAL DICTIONARY OF PROPER NAMES 


Q 


Quintus Fabius Maximus Aemilianus 
Allobrogicus (consul 121 B.C.); cut 
down 200,000 Celti, 197, 219 


R 


Ravenna, 301, 313, 327, 329, 369, 371 

Rhaeti, the, 227, 273, 281, 293, 311 

Rhenus River, 163, 221, 223, 225, 
227, 229, 233, 239, 253, 273, 281, 
291, 313 

Rhodanus River, 167, 175, 183, 189, 
EOL Τὸν 107. 190; 209; 211, 217, 
221, 223, 229, 269, 271, 278, 291 

Rome, 379, 381, 391, 399, 409 

Romulus, traditional founder of Rome, 
381, 387 

Rubicon River, 327, 331, 371 

Rutuli, the, 379, 387, 393 


5 
Sabine country, the, 373, 377, 411, 
427 


Sabini, the, 335, 375, 465 

Sacred Cape, 5, 7, 11, 49, 61 

Salassi, the, 271, 273, 277, 289, 293, 
303 

Sallyes, 169, 175, 181, 193, 195, 201, 
269 


Samnitae, the, 377, 389, 393, 427, 435, 
461, 463, 465 

Samnium (Samnite country), 433, 469 

Santoni, the, 215, 217, 291 

Sardo (Sardinia), 349, 355, 359, 361, 
363 


Scaurus, M. Aemilius (163-about 89 
B.C.), conducted canals from the 
Padus to Parma, 329 

Scipio Africanus Major (consul 205- 
ἐν B.C.); his tomb at Liternum, 
37 

Scipio, Caius (identity unknown), 
added 3000 colonists to Comum, 
311 

Segusiavi, 199, 223 

Seleucus the Chaldean astronomer, on 
the regularity and irregularity of 
the tides, 153 

Senones, the, 233, 235, 311, 323 

Sequana River, 211, 223, 227, 229, 
253 

Sequani, the, 199, 225, 229, 281, 291 

Sertorius (fl. about 90 B.c.), was 


praetor 83 B.C., was later invited 
by the Lusitanians to become their 
commander, and as such held at 
bay all Roman generals, but was 
assassinated by certain of his own 
officers in 72 B.C.; his mastery in 
Iberia, 87; his last battles, 99; his 
war in Iaccetania against Pompey, 
101; his war with Metellus, 103 

Servius Tullius, legendary King of 
Rome, 401 

Sextius, Titus, one of Caesar’s legates 
in Gaul and at the time of Caesar’s 
death (44 B.C.) governor of the 
province of Numidia; defeated the 
Sallyes and founded Aquae Sextiae 
(now Aix), 177 

Sicily, 439, 457 

Sicily, Strait of, 299, 301, 433 

Sidicini, the, 413, 435 

Silaris River, 469, 471 

Sinuessa, 389, 395, 411, 433, 437 

Spinitae, the; their treasury at 
Delphi, 315 

Stesichorus (see Dictionary in vol. i.), 
on the neat-herd of Geryon, 49 

Stoechades Island, 193 

Sucro River, 89, 105 

Suessa, metropolis of the Volsci, 387, 


Suessiones, the, 233, 241 
Suevi, the, 231, 287 
Sulla (138-78 B.C.), 353, 463 


Al, 


Tagus River, 11, 25, 61, 65, 67, 103 

Tarentum, (Taras), 395 

Tarentum, Gulf of, 299, 305 

Tarquinius Priscus, King of Rome, 
387 

Tarquinius Superbus, 339 

Tarracina, 389, 395 

Tarraco, 91, 95, 99, 123 

Tartessus, river and city, 49; associ- 
ated with Tartarus, 51, 53; identi- 
fied with Carteia, 59 

Tarusco, 171, 203 

Taurini, the, 273, 293 

Teanum Sidicinum, 413, 459, 461 

Tectosages, 203, 213 

Teneas (Tinia) River, 373, 403 

Thule (the island reported by 
Pytheas), 261 


479 


A PARTIAL DICTIONARY OF PROPER NAMES 


Tiber River, 335, 351, 367, 371, 379, 
381, 391, 403 

Tiberius Caesar (Roman emperor 14 
37 A.D.), 79; his campaign against 
the Carni and Norici, 283 

Tiberius Gracchus oe 177 B.C.), 
105 

Timaeus (b. about 359 “B. ο. and.-lived 
96 years), the historian, his greatest 
work being a history of Sicily from 
the edgrliest times to 264 B.C., in 
38 books or more, of which only 
fragments remain; on the mouths 
of the Rhodanus, 189; on earth- 
quakes in Pithecussae, 459 

Timagenes, a rhetorician and_his- 
torian from Alexandria, contem- 
porary of Augustus and author of 
a history of his exploits; on the 
children of Caepio, 207 

Timosthenes (see Dictionary in vol. i.), 
on Calpe, 15 

Titus Tatius, King of the Sabini and 
with Romulus joint King of Rome, 

« 316, 385, 401 
Togati, a ‘the, 61, 123 

Transalpine Celtica, 163, 
329 

Transpadana, 307, 323 

Tricorii, the, 195, 271 

Trophies of Pompey, 6. ΟῚ. 95. 17} 

cra Ἐν geographical position of, 

: blessed by nature, 27; exports 

of 33; its mines, 39 


251, 263, 


Turditanians, wisest of the Iberian, 
13; their “* Latin right,’ 59 

Turdulians, the, 13, 69 

Tusculum, 411, 415, 421 

Tyrrheni, the, 325, 337, 353, 365, 
391, 429, 435, 453 

Tyrrhenia, 299, 303, 347, 351, 365, 
367, 369, 373, 403 


Vv 


Valerian Way, 411, 415 

Varro, Terentius; his overthrow of 
the Salassi, 279 

Varus River, 169, 171, 191, 271, 299 

Vasconians, the, 77, 99 

Venafrum, 415, 437, 463 

Veneti (see Heneti) 

Vennones, the, 273, 281 

Vercingetorix, Arvernian chieftain; 
his war with Julius Caesar (52 B.C.), 
219 

Veronians, the, 87, 101 

Vestini, the, 375, 397, 429, 433 

Vettonians, the, 65, 103, 109 

Vindelici, the, 227, 281, 287 

Viriathus (fl. about 150 B.C.), a cele- 
brated Lusitanian brigand, 87 

Vocontii, the, 171, 195, 203, 269, 271 

Volaterrae, 347, 353 

Voleae, 201, 271 

Volsci, the, 379, 387, 415 

Vulturnus River, 415, 437 


PRINTED IN GREAT BRITAIN BY RICHARD CLAY & SONS, LIMITED, 
BUNGAY, SUFFOLK, 


Ini ciBRARY 
OF THE 
WHIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS 


iil ss 


τὰ 
ere ow 
ΡΟΝ Ge, ayy 
WM panes 
> TANS 


Jones’ Strabo 


ἱ LY Sealy Or p> 


<i 
a 


δὴν 


2 


p 


- ὲ 
“ J Mf, ae SSS 
Nerium Fonte ρῶν, κι 4. 44 
΄ - ny y ie ᾿ς SAU, 
Ἐ SAN ANY A δ ΝΣ 4 eam SU SNR SSUES AS 
° \ 


Ν αν, ν ti, EY, 
Sehr iva ἀνὰ er ora ty, ἊΝ 
\ < CAN HnRi RU 
SAAS ae ait Ὁ 
% δ 
wa 


ve 


er 
Ure Tatts, 
RY Sas 
PSS 
3 
SAK A 


2 Wig, Ὁ ἌΝ Τὰ ὄντα SS . \ ὃ \ er 
y : δ “ S Ἐ S δ Bh 
a <j ν᾽ : ΑΙ +e 
τ U 2 ae wh f y Ὰ g » 
ΦΦΝ ΜΝ . S : ‘ 


Veteres 


A 
Sa 
ΤΣ 


Ae 
ΔΑΝ νοὸς 
Sh wee 


a 
J 
"e 
ih 
δ δ RISEN 
δ as 


> ai 
RX 


oS : v 
WS AS 
Sal : δ᾿ 
wSiass ὶ C ie 
ἊΣ oe 


3 Lherius: - 


SY 4 y Chersonesus : Mi NES teas 


© 
Ὦ ἣν 


τ 


atl “5. I. 
Le =, oft σ 
ας, 20>, => 


Ὗ ἮΝ » : . . wy ~~ wey ’ Ὶ 9) . 
nie LOS : > ‘Avione Zp) “Cope lui 
neil ‘ \ νὰ NS . 


ert ret tere, 


3 


ee 


᾿Ξ γῇ 


τὺ ΕΒ.» 
ay ailisiliytl, a HM 
WW PAINS 


nierlty 


: o's) Saag 
3 x πῶ iy ΟΜΝ 
Vee | S 
Nia, Oe Y 
Gee 


Za y | Carthago Nova 
dp. “ep, Stadia 
C ava & 7000 ~~ 2G0o 


eq 
jer 3 SKETCH 


χα MARE I BYC UM ol BA] IBERIA 


Staclia 
700 


[BERI 
(HISPANIA) 


ACCORDING TO 


TRETUM COLY, 
sil STRABO 


sw 


a 


Jones’ Strabo 


Stadia 


400 


CELTICA 
(GALLIA) 
. 


- 
“anys nes ihe 
4 caved ears 
Zi ese VO 


oh Ε : ES SSN 4! AP o-<bium 


SKETCH of CELTICA 
ACCORDING to STRABO 


ΜΙΝ 
i ay 


δ Ζ, 
LngeaiwsA 
1B Gol 

μα 
«ἧς 
a 


ae ὟΝ "κι ; Ag? : 
rea μέν mfrraeernce ite - 4 - 


ω — ἐᾷ ἀπ tone ΕΣ . 
— sng ca WN IS SY : , - ᾿ ἐν 


i ¢ 


4 se se et yp “lta al il its 


; 
Ε 
Σ 
: 


a Sits Saag By 


UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS-URBANA 
881871917 C001 v002 


es ΤῊΕ GEOGRAPHY OF STRABO LOND 


11} 1 }}}}}}| 


0112 0 


